Enter the characters you see below. Sorry, we just need to make sure you're not a robot. For best results, please make sure your browser is accepting cookies.. Type the characters you see in this image:. 
GSM 850 / 900 / 1800 / 1900 - SIM 1 & SIM 2 (dual-SIM model only). 124.9 x 64 x 9.6 mm (4.92 x 2.52 x 0.38 in). Single SIM (Mini-SIM) or Dual SIM (Mini-SIM/Micro-SIM, dual stand-by). 4.0 inches, 45.5 cm 2 (~57.0% screen-to-body ratio). 480 x 800 pixels, 5:3 ratio (~233 ppi density). microSD, up to 32 GB (dedicated slot). 4 GB, 512 MB RAM - Liquid M220 8 GB, 1 GB RAM - Liquid M220 Plus. SMS (threaded view), MMS, Email, Push Email, IM. - OneDrive (15 GB cloud storage). We can not guarantee that the information on this page is 100% correct. Acer Liquid M220 - user opinions and reviews. my windows phone shows me a sad face with a blue background on it.. i actually didnt used it as of now.. it starts when i safely removed my battery to insert my memory card then when i started to open it it shows me a blue background with sad face at.... Do you have the 4GB RAM/512MB RAM version, or the 8GB RAM/1GB RAM version?. If it's the 4GB/512MB version, then don't even try. I'm not sure it would even work, but if it did work then you'd be very disappointed with the results. Samsung Apple Nokia Sony LG HTC Motorola Huawei Microsoft Lenovo Xiaomi Google Acer Asus Oppo OnePlus Meizu BlackBerry Alcatel ZTE Toshiba Vodafone Energizer XOLO Lava Micromax BLU Gionee vivo LeEco Panasonic HP YU verykool Maxwest Plum. Microsoft Lumia 435 Nokia Lumia 630 Dual SIM Allview Impera M. Acer Liquid Z520 Acer Liquid Z220 Acer Liquid Z320 Acer Iconia Talk S Acer Liquid Z6 Plus Acer Liquid Z200. 
Enter the characters you see below. Sorry, we just need to make sure you're not a robot. For best results, please make sure your browser is accepting cookies.. Type the characters you see in this image:. 
Menu Login Sign Up. Find the Best Cell Phone and Plan for You. Wirefly helps you save on cell phones and plans by offering innovative comparison tools so consumers can make educated choices. Compare Phones and Plans Compare Cell Phones. How Much Data Do I Need. Wirefly helps you save on Internet service by offering innovative comparison tools to compare Internet providers in your area.. Compare Internet by ZIP Code Compare Internet & TV Bundles Compare Business Internet. Test your current internet connection with our speed test and see what services your provider can handle. Find out your download speed, upload speed, latency, and more.. Test Your Internet Speed Internet Speed Test. Purchase with a plan or or. Motorola RAZR V3 Dolce & Gabbana. DROID RAZR MAXX HD by Motorola. Acer has introduced the Liquid M220 smartphone as their first ever device running on Windows Phone OS. The Liquid M220 comes with a 4-inch display and an 800 x 480 resolution and pixel density count of 233ppi. From the inside, the Liquid M220 is powered by a 1.2GHz dual-core Qualcomm Snapdragon 200 processor with 512MB of RAM and Adreno 302 GPU. Its internal storage memory is 4GB, which may still be expanded by up to 32GB using a microSD card. With a couple of cameras available, users can pick between the 2MP front-facing sensor or the 5MP rear-facing camera with auto-focus and LED flash. The camera on the back can also record videos. It comes with a Li-Ion 1300mAh battery that helps power up the device for continuous use. While the phone runs on Windows Phone 8.1, an update to Windows 10 will be available in the later part of this year. The Acer Liquid M220 smartphone comes in two color options—Mystic Black and Pure White.. Looks like there are no reviews yet, be the first to write one now.. Sort by Oldest Latest Negative Positive. Plans Unlocked Specs Media Reviews Deals. Expert Review User reviews. For the first time, Acer has announced that it will offer a smartphone equipped with Windows 10 in the United States. Called the Liquid M220, it is the company's ambitious first foray into the mobile Windows 10 market.. While Acer also launched several other phone models at MCW 2015, none of them caught quite as much attention as the Acer Liquid M220. Even though the design was slim and elegant, the most interesting thing about the phone is the choice by Acer to adopt the Windows Phone platform.. The other Acer devices that are on the market all use various versions of Android, a trend which has garnered its own UI design these days. And so you can imagine how iconoclastic it is for the company to suddenly step away from a dependable workhorse in order to swim in untested waters. Bold gambles like this should be applauded, but many experts believe that Acer is likely to stick with the safety and comfort of Android.. The Acer Liquid M220 comes out of the box running the latest Windows Phone 8.1 software. The company has confirmed that all of its units will soon be updated to Windows 10 mobile, although it hasn't set a firm date on when that will happen.. Acer is splitting its hand here, as it announced that it will also offer a Liquid M220 model that comes with the Android operating system. The Windows version will cost about £70 while the Android version will be about £10 more expensive.. On April 23 at a New York event, Acer released a statement announcing its plans to sell the Liquid M220 in the United States for $79. Acer has also worked out a distribution deal whereby the Liquid M220 will be on sale at Microsoft Stores. As you'd expect, all models sold at retail Microsoft Stores come loaded with Windows 8.1, and are poised to receive a free upgrade to Windows Phone 10 when it is finally launched.. Unfortunately, even representatives of the company were unable to voice much confidence in the Windows Phone version of the Liquid, even if it retails at a slightly lower price than the Android models. Besides the novelty of its operating system, there are no outstanding details or capabilities to draw prospective buyers.. Considering that the Liquid M220 is an entry-level phone, the build and overall feel is quite nice. The back of the phone has an easy to grip matted texture. The bevel of the handset, nicely detailed in silver, also helps improve hand grip of the phone. Even the smallest hands should have no trouble maintaining firm control of this phone.. While the attenuated back surface offers a unique feel, the bevel is a little too large and the phone fails to maintain an overall cohesive aesthetic. While the solidity provides a welcome heft to the hand, overall the boxy and square design feels clunky and ungainly.. Both versions of the Liquid M220 have a 4-inch WVGA display, rated at a pixel resolution of 400 by 800, which translates to 223ppi. That's certainly not a very large piece of screen real estate, but is adequate for an entry-level phone like the Liquid M220.. The handset is powered by a standard 1.2GHz dual-core processor that gets a bump from 512 MB of RAM. A few years ago, those would've been impressive numbers, but today, there's nothing extraordinary about this phone's capabilities. Nonetheless, the phone should be able to handle simple and low-demand apps with ease. This phone is definitely not equipped for high-speed games or visually intensive apps.. Acer equipped this handset with a relatively flabby 1300mAh battery. That being said, the phone doesn't draw a lot of power with its small display and simple apps, so the battery should be sufficient to provide a full day's use. For an entry-level phone, battery life is about where you'd expect it, as no one is expecting to rely on the Liquid M220 for all-day use.. While the box will tell you that the internal memory is 4GB, it should be noted that the operating system and installed apps take up 2.6GB of that space, leaving just 1.4 GB free for the user to store songs, photos or other media. In this day and age, people expect more storage for their phone, and may be in for an unfortunate surprise when they realize how little is left over from the advertised 4 GB of memory. Thankfully, the Acer M220 has a microSD card slot, which can add up to 32GB of storage to the handset.. The back of the phone is equipped with a mid-line 5MP camera with an 89-degree lens. Normal photos under optimal conditions come out looking okay, but certainly there are more powerful cameras on the market. The front of the phone has a flabby 2MP camera, okay for a brief video chat or the odd selfie.. The Acer Liquid is not meant to be a flagship model for the company. Mostly what's exciting about this model is the fact that it represents Acer adopting the Windows Phone platform for the first time. Many people are looking forward to adopting this phone as it is expected to be the cheapest Windows Phone handset on the market. For enthusiasts of the Windows Phone operating system, the Acer Liquid is definitely a good choice.. But having a Windows Phone option is not enough. The problem with Windows Phones is that they suffer from a serious lack of apps, and the options are miles behind the vast array of offerings that iOS or Android users have.. Except for a few hardcore enthusiasts of Microsoft operating systems, it's hard to see why the average consumer would prefer the Windows Phone version over the Android version, but the company is to be applauded for having the courage to explore new fields. Now it is up to the consumers to reveal if Acer's latest choice to dip their toes in the waters of the Windows Phone world will pay off.. Limited Time Offer on FoodScience Ultra D, Liquid Vitamin D Supplement, 7.61 FL OZ.. Limited Time Offer on Pebeo Liquid Art Panel Classic Collection 6X6.. Limited Time Offer on Elmers Liquid Glitter Glue, Washable, Assorted Colors, 6 Ounces Each, 3 Count - Great For Making Slime.. Limited Time Offer on Acer 15.6 inch Chromebook Celeron (Certified Refurbised).. Limited Time Offer on Acer 12 inch Notebook Intel i5-7200U 2.5 GHz (Certified Refurbished).. Limited Time Offer on Acer Windows Mixed Reality Headset and Controllers (Certified Refurbished).. Limited Time Offer on Acer 15.6 inch Aspire 3 Laptop (Certified Refurbished).. Limited Time Offer on Acer 15.6 inch Intel Core Pentium (Certified Refurbished).. Limited Time Offer on Acer 17.3 inch Predator Laptop (Certified Refurbished).. Limited Time Offer on Acer Spin 1 11.6 inch Laptop (Certified Refurbished).. Google Lens lands on other non.... Google: Over 40 phone and carr.... Galaxy S9 could hit stores on.... LG to announce new models of K.... Report: Verizon is tops in App.... Apple rolls out fix for messag.... Compare The Best VoIP Service Provi.... Gmail on iPhone Not Working and How.... Siri Not Working On iPhone And How.... How To Switch Cell Phone Carriers. Bitmoji Not Working on iPhone and H.... Find the Best Cell Phone and Plan for You. Wirefly helps you save on cell phones and plans by offering innovative comparison tools so consumers can make educated choices. Find The Best TV and Internet Providers For You. Paying too much for Internet or TV service? Use our tool to compare Internet providers, TV providers, and bundled services.. LG G4 Alcatel OneTouch Retro LG G Pad 8.3 Verizon 4G LTE USB Modem 551L LG G Stylo LG Leon LTE Apple iPad Mini Samsung Galaxy Tab S Samsung Galaxy Tab 4 Samsung Galaxy Note Pro. Wirefly Is America's Most Trusted Source For All Cell Phones, Plans, TV, and Internet Deals. Wirefly offers great deals on a large selection of smartphones, cell phones, tablets, mobile hotspots, and other wireless devices for the nation's most popular carriers. Use Wirefly’s innovative cell phone and plan comparison tools to ensure you are getting the best deal on the market. Shop with confidence knowing that Wirefly wants to help you find the best prices on cell phones, cell phone plans, TV, and Internet service.. Privacy Policy | Term of Use | Contact | About Us. WireFly.com © 2018 All Rights Reserved. 
Esto también se puede leer en español.. Acer's Liquid M220 offers Windows Phone on a budget (hands-on). The Liquid M220 has a 4-inch display and a low price tag.. by March 1, 2015 1:01 AM PST. Acer Liquid M220 is a budget Windows Phone (pictures). The Liquid M220 is Acer's first Windows Phone. If you're curious about Windows Phone but don't want to spend much to check it out, Acer's Liquid M220 is an inexpensive option. And while you're saving money, you're also getting a phone with a bit of personality in the design.. It's Acer's very first Windows Phone device, and will be available in select European markets this April for a mere 79 euros. International availability hasn't been confirmed, but that converts to about $90, £60 or AU$115.. That low price tag doesn't get you all that much. The 1.2GHz dual-core processor is paired with 512MB of RAM, and you're limited to just 4GB of storage -- the phone does support microSD cards though. Its 4-inch display is dwarfed by most of the other devices we'll see out of Mobile World Congress , but the 233 pixels per inch it offers up sounds promising, doesn't it? In person, however, the screen quality looked awful, and hard to see in most normal lighting.. Acer Liquid M220 is a budget Windows Phone (pictures). One thing you do get for your money is a bit of character in the design. In a crowded market of samey glossy rectangles it can be hard for a phone to stand out when it comes to looks, but this device takes a novel approach. The back of the phone has a pleasantly toothy surface, like rough paper. Not only does it add a bit of grip to this very light phone, but it's fun to run your fingernail over it. If you like texture in a cheap phone, well, this has it.. Meanwhile the silver band around the edge of the phone has parallel lines of small raised squares running all the way around. They're not quite big enough to do much for your grip of the phone, but along with the textured casing they add a rugged dash of novelty.. The big downside in terms of design is that enormous bezel. The screen isn't small, but feels a bit lost amid the expanse of black on the face of the phone.. The 5-megapixel rear shooter is joined by a front-facing 2-megapixel camera. This 3G phone also offers optional support for dual SIM cards. The Liquid M220 will ship with Windows Phone 8.1, but it'll be ready to run Windows 10 when that operating system makes its way to phones (and tablets and PCs, too ) later this year.. There's plenty more news to come from this year's Mobile World Congress, so be sure to check out all of our MWC coverage .. Barcelona braces for Mobile World Congress 2015 (pictures). Visit manufacturer site for details.. Best Phones for 2018. See All. Samsung’s king of phones is excellent, but you'll pay a pretty penny for stylus privileges.. A radical redesign that's nearly all screen includes a new cutting-edge facial recognition.... LG just gave Samsung a run for the money.. But we're still waiting on the Siri-like AI.. The Pixel 2's superb camera makes it worth a look.. This week on CNET News. Homeland Security's tall order: A hacker-free election. 'Annihilation' director wove memory into a dream-like movie. Dogecoin: The joke cryptocurrency that was too real for its own good. Be respectful, keep it clean and stay on topic. We delete comments that violate our policy , which we encourage you to read. Discussion threads can be closed at any time at our discretion.. CNET may earn fees when you click through to a partner site.. 
Home Shop MWC News Reviews Features Opinions Videos The Gadgets 360 Show Cell Guru Prime Tech Smartphone Reviews Tech and Gadget Reviews How-To Videos Video Game Reviews and Features Top Lists by Gadgets 360 Unboxing and Hands-On Videos Podcasts Compare Mobiles Phone Finder DEALS. Mobiles Tablets Apps Gaming Cameras PC/Laptops AUDIO/VIDEO How To Telecom Science INDIA INTERNET SOCIAL MEDIA WEARABLES हिंदी. Acer Adcom Alcatel Apple Archos Asus BlackBerry Blu Celkon Coolpad Datawind Fly Gionee HTC Huawei iBall iBerry Idea InFocus Intex iVoomi Jivi Karbonn Lava LeEco Lenovo LG Lyf Maxx Mobile Meizu Micromax Microsoft Motorola MTS Nokia Obi Oppo Panasonic Philips Ringing Bells Samsung Sony Spice Swipe Videocon Vivo Wickedleak Xiaomi Xolo Yu Zen Ziox Zopo ZTE. Home Mobiles Phone Finder Acer Liquid M220. SPECIFICATIONS USER REVIEWS NEWS. Share on Facebook Tweet Share Share Email Reddit. Acer Liquid M220 smartphone was launched in February 2015. The phone comes with a 4.00-inch touchscreen display with a resolution of 480 pixels by 800 pixels at a PPI of 233 pixels per inch. The Acer Liquid M220 is powered by 1.2GHz dual-core processor and it comes with 512MB of RAM. The phone packs 4GB of internal storage that can be expanded. As far as the cameras are concerned, the Acer Liquid M220 packs a 5-megapixel primary camera on the rear and a 2-megapixel front shooter for selfies. The Acer Liquid M220 runs Windows Phone 8.1 and is powered by a 1300mAh non removable battery. The Acer Liquid M220 is a single SIM (GSM) smartphone that accepts a Regular-SIM. Connectivity options include Wi-Fi, GPS, Bluetooth, FM and 3G. Sensors on the phone include Compass Magnetometer, Proximity sensor and Accelerometer.. Acer Liquid M220 With Windows Phone 8.1, Liquid Leap+ Smartband Launched at MWC 2015. More Acer mobiles Acer mobiles price in India. Release date February 2015 Form factor Touchscreen Battery capacity (mAh) 1300 Removable battery No Colours White, Black. Screen size (inches) 4.00 Touchscreen Yes Resolution 480x800 pixels Pixels per inch (PPI) 233. Processor 1.2GHz dual-core RAM 512MB Internal storage 4GB Expandable storage Yes Expandable storage type microSD. Rear camera 5-megapixel Rear Flash LED Front camera 2-megapixel. Wi-Fi Yes Wi-Fi standards supported 802.11 b/g/n GPS Yes Bluetooth Yes NFC No Infrared No USB OTG No Headphones 3.5mm FM Yes Number of SIMs 1 SIM 1 SIM Type Regular GSM/CDMA GSM 3G Yes 4G/ LTE No Supports 4G in India (Band 40) No. Compass/ Magnetometer Yes Proximity sensor Yes Accelerometer Yes Ambient light sensor No Gyroscope No Barometer No Temperature sensor No. Error or missing information? Please let us know. User ratings and reviews for Acer Liquid M220. 0 Out of 5. 5 Star 4 Star 3 Star 2 Star 1 Star. Acer Liquid M220 With Windows Phone 8.1, Liquid Leap+ Smartband Launched at MWC 2015. Acer Liquid Z6 Plus Acer Liquid Z6 Acer Liquid Zest Plus Acer Liquid Zest 4G Acer Liquid Zest Acer Liquid Jade 2 Acer Liquid Jade Primo Acer Liquid Z630s Acer Liquid Z630 Acer Liquid Z530S Acer Liquid Z530 Acer Liquid M330 Acer Liquid Z330 Acer Liquid M320 Acer Liquid Z320 Acer Liquid Z520 Acer Liquid Jade Z Acer Liquid Z220 Acer Liquid Z410 Acer Liquid Jade S Acer Liquid Z500 Acer Liquid Z200 Acer Liquid E600 Acer Liquid E700 Acer Liquid X1 Acer Liquid Jade Acer Liquid Z4 Acer Liquid E3 Acer Liquid Z5. Acer Liquid M220 Infocus M2 vs. Yu Yureka Acer Liquid M220 vs. Microsoft Lumia 435 Htc Desire 326g Dual Sim vs. Intex Aqua Speed Hd vs. Motorola Google Nexus 6 Infocus M2 vs. Sony Xperia M2 Aqua Samsung Galaxy J3 6 vs. Acer Liquid M220 Acer Liquid M220 vs. Sony Xperia M2 Acer Liquid M330 vs. Acer Liquid Jade S Acer Liquid M220 vs. Nokia Lumia 530 Dual Sim Acer Liquid M220 vs. PCs and Laptops at CES 2016. Nokia 7 Plus Is an Android One Phone With Dual Rear Cameras, Zeiss Optics Samsung Galaxy S9, Galaxy S9+ With Improved Cameras, AR Emoji Launched Samsung Galaxy S9, Galaxy S9+ Pre-Orders Now Open in India Nokia 8110 4G Is a 'Slider' Feature Phone With Google, Facebook Apps Nokia 7 Plus vs Nokia 7 OnePlus 5, OnePlus 5T HD Content Streaming Issue Fixed, With a Catch Sony Unveils Xperia Ear Duo to Answer Apple AirPods, Samsung Gear IconX Vodafone to Offer 4.5GB Data Per Day for 28 Days at Rs. 799: Report Sony Xperia XZ2, Xperia XZ2 Compact With 18:9 Displays Launched at MWC Nokia 8 Sirocco With Dual Cameras, Stainless Steel Frame Launched at MWC. Samsung phones price list Lyf phones price list Micromax phones price list Sony phones price list Htc phones price list Lenovo phones price list Intex phones price list Lava phones price list Apple phones price list Nokia phones price list Xolo phones price list Lg phones price list Vivo phones price list Oppo phones price list Gionee phones price list Motorola phones price list Blackberry phones price list Xiaomi phones price list. Sitemaps Archives Advertise About Us Feedback Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions Complaint Redressal Careers Contact Us RSS Ethics Acer Liquid M220 in Hindi. © Copyright Red Pixels Ventures Limited 2018. Subject Comments. 
NotebookReview TabletPCReview Brighthand DigitalCameraReview DesktopReview PrinterComparison TechnologyGuide. Best Cheap Laptops and Tablets of 2015. Home > Topics > Acer > Smartphone Reviews > Acer Liquid M220 Review: The $80 Smartphone. Acer Liquid M220 Review: The $80 Smartphone. Rating 1 to 10, top score 10. Highly affordable Great battery life Small footprint. 3G only Poor display Mediocre (though not as bad as you’d think!) performance/specs. As long as you never lose sight of what the Acer Liquid M220 is supposed to be, an affordable, entry-level smartphone, you’ll likely be satisfied with the $80 Windows Phone device.. At a certain point, a deal is so good that certain sacrifices become acceptable, right?. Acer Liquid M220, an $80 smartphone. That would at least appear to be Acer’s philosophy with its first US smartphone offering, the Windows Phone-powered Liquid M220. For a mere $80 off contract, users can get their hands on a full-fledged smartphone, albeit an entry level one. Emerging markets are undoubtedly at least part of the target audience here, but that’s still a solid deal no matter how you slice it.. It’s important to remember that you get what you pay for — at $80, this simply isn’t a top-notch, high-end device, nor was there any way Acer could have made it one.. But that doesn’t mean that there isn’t some decent bang for your buck to be found here.. The build of the Liquid M220 is simple, but it also has a certain understated appeal to it. Sharp-angled edges and rounded corners make for a straightforward slab of a phone that, while unadventurous, is comfortable in its familiarity. It’s also very low-profile, weighing in at 4.2 ounces (119 grams) and sporting a nice, small footprint that measures only 4.92 x 2.52 x 0.38 inches. That said, it feels like Acer made the bezel unnecessarily large, especially below the display, given that Windows Phones no longer place capacitive navigation buttons on the hardware itself, instead opting to display them on screen. It’s not a huge deal; it just seems like wasted space.. Though the removable backing is cheap, flimsy plastic that has only the slightest of textures to it, a ridged band snakes its way around the edges of the phone, thankfully lending the user something to grip. Underneath the back plate lies access to the unit’s removable battery, microSD card slot, and two SIM card slots. The two SIM card slots are different sizes, with one for a regular-sized SIM and one for a microSIM.. The arrangement and selection of the phone’s buttons and ports is standard, with the 3.5mm headphone jack and microUSB charging port located on the top edge, and the volume rocker and power button located on the right. The left and bottom edges are devoid of any features, while the Liquid M220’s 5-megapixel rear-facing camera is centered towards the top of the phone’s back, and the 2-megapixel front-facing shooter is located in the upper right corner above the display.. As mentioned, with such a low off-contract price point, it’s to be expected that many aspects of the Liquid M220 will be lacking in quality, and in few places is it more apparent than the device’s display.. Before I really lay into it, though, I would like to point out that I find the smaller screen size refreshing; this reviewer is particularly averse to the unstoppable trend of smartphones becoming increasingly large in the name of massive displays. So the Liquid M220’s 4-inch display is perfectly comfortable for me, but the compliments end there.. Graininess abounds on the display, which is to be expected when the resolution is a mere 800 x 480 pixels. Colors aren’t particularly crisp, and the brightness is very poor. Even on its highest setting, the brightness of the Liquid M220 is underwhelming at best, and it makes viewing the display outdoors in high-light situations nearly impossible.. All content posted on TechnologyGuide is granted to TechnologyGuide with electronic publishing rights in perpetuity, as all content posted on this site becomes a part of the community.. TabletPCReview Brighthand DigitalCameraReview DesktopReview PrinterComparison TechnologyGuide. Copyright 2000 - 2018, TechTarget | Read our Privacy Statement. TechTarget publishes more than 100 focused websites providing quick access to a deep store of news, advice and analysis about the products, technologies and processes. crucial to the jobs of IT pros.. 
Find the Best Cell Phone and Plan for You. PhoneDog's innovative comparison tool can help you save on cell phones and plans. Find the best phone and plan for you today with PhoneDog!. Compare Phones and Plans Compare Cell Phones. Trending: iPhone 8. f g+ t yt. The new Liquid M220 smartphone is the first device manufactured by Acer to run on Windows Phone OS. Sporting a 4-inch display with a resolution of 800 x 480 pixels and a pixel density of 233ppi, the Liquid M220 breaks expectations. On the inside, the Liquid M220 runs on a 1.2GHz dual-core Qualcomm Snapdragon 200 processor with Adreno 302 GPU and 512MB of RAM. While it has a built-in 4GB internal storage memory, it may still be expanded by up to 32GB thanks to its provision for a microSD card. The Liquid M220 has a couple of cameras built into the device—a 5MP rear-facing camera along with a 2MP front-facing sensor. The back camera comes with auto-focus and LED flash and can even record videos. A Li-Ion 1300mAh battery is available along with the device to help provide it the power it needs. The phone currently runs on Windows Phone 8.1 OS but may soon be available with a Windows 10 update. Color options available with the Liquid M220 include Pure White and Mystic Black.. See Available Plans or get it unlocked here. Apple iPad mini with Retina Display. Apple iPad mini with Retina display 16GB Silver. DROID RAZR MAXX HD by Motorola. Motorola RAZR V3 Dolce & Gabbana. Plans Unlocked Specs Media Reviews Deals. Expert Review User reviews. Limited Time Offer on FoodScience Ultra D, Liquid Vitamin D Supplement, 7.61 FL OZ.. Limited Time Offer on Pebeo Liquid Art Panel Classic Collection 6X6.. Limited Time Offer on Paper Mate Liquid Flair Porous-Point Pen, Medium Tip, Fashion Colors, 8-Count.. Limited Time Offer on 10 Washable Liquid Chalk Markers + Labels.. Limited Time Offer on Etekcity Digital Kitchen Scale Multifunction Food Scale with Removable Bowl 2.15L Liquid Volume Room Temperature and Timer, 11lb 5kg, Backlight LCD Display.. Limited Time Offer on Elmers Liquid Glitter Glue, Washable, Assorted Colors, 6 Ounces Each, 3 Count - Great For Making Slime.. Limited Time Offer on Acer 15.6 inch Chromebook Celeron (Certified Refurbised).. Limited Time Offer on Acer 12 inch Notebook Intel i5-7200U 2.5 GHz (Certified Refurbished).. Limited Time Offer on Acer Windows Mixed Reality Headset and Controllers (Certified Refurbished).. Limited Time Offer on Acer 15.6 inch Aspire 3 Laptop (Certified Refurbished).. Verizon 4G LTE USB Modem 551L Alcatel OneTouch Retro LG G Pad 8.3 LG G Stylo. Looks like there are no reviews yet, be the first to write one now.. Sort by Oldest Latest Negative Positive. OFFICIAL SMARTPHONE RANKINGS Please Login/Register to Vote. Select the amount of total data you need for the entire plan.. For example, if you need 2 lines with 1 GB of data each, you would select 2 GB of data with the data slider below.. - Any - 0 5KB 50MB 30MB 100MB 125MB 150MB 200MB 250MB 300MB 334MB 350MB 375MB 400MB 500MB 600MB 625MB 700MB 800MB 834MB 900MB 938MB 1GB 1.2GB 1.5GB 1.6GB 2GB 2.03GB 2.5GB 3GB 3.7GB 4GB 5GB 6GB 6.1GB 7GB 7.3GB 8GB 8.5GB 9GB 10GB 11GB 12GB 13GB 14GB 15GB 16GB 18GB 20GB 22GB 23GB 24GB 25GB 30GB 32GB 35GB 40GB 50GB 60GB 80GB 85GB 100GB 120GB 150GB 200GB Unlimited. BLU Vivo X Review: BLU's Most Appealing Smartphone Yet!. 4 days 14 hours ago. Android 8.0 Oreo on the OnePlus 5T. 5 days 12 hours ago. 1 week 11 hours ago. The OnePlus 5T Competitor You Haven't Heard About. 1 week 3 days ago. People's Choice Expert's Choice. OFFICIAL SMARTPHONE RANKINGS Please Login/Register to Vote. OFFICIAL SMARTPHONE RANKINGS Please Login/Register to Vote. OFFICIAL SMARTPHONE RANKINGS Please Login/Register to Vote. OFFICIAL SMARTPHONE RANKINGS Please Login/Register to Vote. OFFICIAL SMARTPHONE RANKINGS Please Login/Register to Vote. PHONEDOG PHONEDOG MEDIA FAMILY Phonedog - Cell Phone News TmoNews - The Unofficial T-Mobile Blog AndroidAndMe - Everything Android. PhoneDog Media is home to PhoneDog, Android & Me, TmoNews, and TodaysiPhone. The network receives 2.5 million unique visitors and 10 million pageviews each month, along with a combined three million video views on YouTube.. While the name is jovial, the PhoneDog Media network offers up a wealth of written and video content to help readers make important decisions about mobile technology.. Established in 2001, PhoneDog Media is a privately owned and operated company.. Company Home Privacy Policy Term of Use Contact About Us In-Depth Reviews. Reproduction without explicit permission is prohibited. 
The source for Tech Buying Advice. More Car Tech. Tech deals, prizes and latest news. Hands on: Acer Liquid M220 review. What is a hands on review?. Windows Phone is the big headline here, and considering it's the cheapest handset on the platform it may attract some customers for that alone.. Updated: Acer has announced the Liquid M220 will be the company's first ever smartphone to be sold in the US with Windows 10 in tow.. Acer revealed a number of new phones at MWC 2015 but none of them stood out to me as much as the Acer Liquid M220. It wasn't down to the specs though, the Liquid Jade Z surely takes the crown there. It stood out as it has taken the strange route of adopting the Windows Phone platform.. So far all Acer devices have been running on various iterations of the Android OS, enough that it has built up its own UI design overtime. I never saw the company stepping away from the platform as I never thought it'd have reason to.. If the Liquid M220 does anything though, it proves Acer's step toward the Windows Phone world is just a brief foray into the territory before it likely jumps and heads back into the Android forest.. The Acer Liquid M220 comes with the latest Windows Phone 8.1 software on board and is confirmed to be getting the Windows 10 Mobile update - in time.. But the company hasn't put all its eggs in one basket and has decided to offer the same spec and hardware package with Android on board instead. The Windows Phone version will cost £69.99 (about $105) while the Android version will be on sale for an extra £10 or so.. At a New York event on April 23, Acer also announced its plans to bring the handset stateside for $79. The Liquid M220 will also be available at retail Microsoft Stores preloaded with Windows Phone 8.1 and a free upgrade to Windows Phone 10 .. Even speaking to the representatives on the Acer stand no-one seemed positive the Windows Phone version of the Liquid M220 will sell well even though it comes in that little bit cheaper.. The build of the Liquid M220 is quite nice considering the ultra-low price point. The back panel has a matted texture offering more grip with a protruding edge around the handset coloured silver and offering even more grip while in the hand.. I'm a big fan of the different feel on the rear but the edges feels a little like overkill and it doesn't really offer much for the user.. As for the display, the handset offers a 4-inch WVGA display with a pixel resolution of 480 x 800 pixels – that's 233ppi.. Under the hood isn't anything to marvel at – it offers a 1.2GHz dual-core processor alongside 512MB of RAM, but it should be able to cope with low intensity apps.. It's all powered by a weak 1300mAh battery but it doesn't have much to power here so hopefully it'll offer some long life in the day-to-day usage.. The internal memory is only 4GB causing a big problem as the operating system takes up 2.6GB meaning it's only got 1.4GB of storage left for any media you want to upload. When storage is this low it can mean it's a struggle to fit in all the apps you want as well, so it may be a good idea to extend the storage with a microSD card of up to 32GB.. On the back of the handset sits a 5MP main camera with an 89-degree lens - it will take alright looking normal shots but it's not the kind of phone designed to be taking high quality photos. On the front is a 2MP sensor for the odd selfie.. Nothing really stands out here in terms of specs – the most exciting aspect here is Acer taking on the Windows Phone platform. It is the cheapest Windows Phone device you can buy on the market and if anyone really loves the platform that much it'll be a great find for such a low price.. Windows Phone is not the draw it wants to be though; it still has a serious lack of apps and is so far behind compared to either iOS or Android that it will always struggle to catch up.. It's difficult to see why anyone would choose the Windows Phone version of this handset over the Android version but at least Acer is trying to expand a little. Only the sales figures will show if Acer will see fit to explore the Windows Phone world a little bit more.. Kevin Lee contributed to this report.. What is a hands on review?. 'Hands on reviews' are a journalist's first impressions of a piece of kit based on spending some time with it. It may be just a few moments, or a few hours. The important thing is we have been able to play with it ourselves and can give you some sense of what it's like to use, even if it's only an embryonic view. For more information, see TechRadar's Reviews Guarantee .. You can unsubscribe at any time and we'll never share your details without your permission.. Get the best tech deals, reviews, product advice, competitions, unmissable tech news and more!. 1 Samsung Galaxy S9 release date, price, news and features. 2 Samsung Galaxy S9 launch: as it happened. 3 Samsung Galaxy S9 live stream: how to watch today's big launch event. 4 How to watch Arsenal v Man City live stream online for the Carabao Cup final NOW. 5 MWC 2018: All the latest news from the show. 2 Samsung Galaxy S9 Plus review. 3 Samsung Galaxy S9 release date, price, news and features. 4 Samsung Galaxy S9 launch: as it happened. 5 BlackBerry: 'we understand we are not for everyone' but 'we're here to stay'. TechRadar is part of Future plc, an international media group and leading digital publisher. England and Wales company registration number 2008885.. 
Home › English Community › Products › Smartphones & Wearables › Windows Phones. Aspire, E and F Series Laptops. Swift, Spin, S and R Series Laptops. Gateway, eMachines and Packard Bell Laptops. Gateway, eMachines and Packard Bell Desktops. search subcategories search archived. discussions questions comments answers. Examples: Monday, today, last week, Mar 26, 3/26/04. is there a way to update it?. I don't think ignoring a message that has. 6.742 views, is good for business.... Why my acer M220 is not supported for the update to windows 10.. Posts: 16 Member Troubleshooter. There are a number of technical reasons which might be relevant.. 1) The Z220 was sold in two variants. One had 4GB of internal storage and 512MB of RAM; the other had 8GB of internal storage and 1GB of RAM. Microsoft was initially unclear about storage and memory requirements for Windows 10 Mobile, but around the time of release they decided to only support devices with a minimum of 8GB storage and 1GB RAM. That would exclude the 4GB/512MB variant of the Z220.. 2) Windows for phones has something called a navigation bar (Back, Start, and Search buttons). In general, these butttons can either be rendered in software on-screen, or else they can have dedicated hardware (ie touch-sensitive areas on the bezel of the phone). Windows 10 Mobile requires a minimum display resolution of 480x800 pixels if the navigation bar has dedicated hardware, or else 480x854 pixels if the navigation bar is rendered in software on-screen. The Liquid Z220 uses on-screen software rendering of the navigation bar, but it only has 480x800 pixels - below the minimum requirements for Windows 10 Mobile.. About (2): In Windows Phone 8.1, the Liquid Z220 works around limitations with respect to minimum display resolution by providing a special gesture to hide the navigation bar when it isn't needed, maximizing the amount of screen real estate available to Apps. It's possible that this workaround is no longer technocally feasible in Windows 10 Mobile, or else it was totally taken out of Acer's control due to Microsoft's increased role in actively maintaining the OS through rolling updates.. Posts: 16 Member Troubleshooter. Update: The 8GB Storage + 1GB RAM variant of the Liquid M220 can now obtain Windows 10 Mobile via Microsoft's Windows Insider program. This is an official program offered by Microsoft for the public to beta test their software. I'm trying it out right now.. Note that Microsoft doesn't recommend people to use Windows Insider preview builds on their primary day-to-day cell phone. It may still contain bugs, and you may be forced to downgrade back to Windows Phone 8.1 to recover full functionality. However, this is a strong sign that work is probably underway behind the scenes for an official release fairly soon.. Bought this phone for my mother, because I heard that Windows Phones are easy to operate (I bought the Plus version).. They even advertised that this phone is supposed to be one of the first phones to receive the Win10 Mobile upgrade.... Are there some official statements from Acer? And would it be false marketing if it will never get the upgrade?. Posts: 16 Member Troubleshooter. I've successfully been running my 8GB+1GB Liquid M220 with Windows 10 Mobile since my previous post.. After installing the initial upgrade using the Windows Insider program on the "Release Preview" ring, I immediately switched to the production version by existing the Insider Program. From that point on, I've been receiving production builds of every cumulative update that's been released from Microsoft, including the Anniversary Update. As of this morning, I'm running the current build 14393.321.. Note: The phone is not officially supported if you go through this route. You're really still running software that is not really supported for this device, but it is running mostly smoothly for me.. There's one notable issue that might be a dealbreaker for some users: There seems to be some fairly severe backward-compatibility problems with apps that were origianlly compiled for Windows Phone 8.X. Some of them (most notably the Adobe PDF Reader) work correctly, but most of them (such as Opera Mini) will crash immediately upon launch.. Any apps I've tried which were compiled natively as Windows 10 UWP apps (such as Facebook's new first-party app, and Microsoft Skype) work just fine.. Sign In or Register to comment.. It looks like you're new here. If you want to get involved, click one of these buttons!. Free 25 GB of Dropbox Space. Register your Acer device and get 25GB of space free for 1 year!. to get all the benefits. Get social and introduce yourself in our. or learn about our ACE Program. Get Support, Drivers or Manuals from Acer. Find your Model Number (Windows only). The opinions expressed on Acer Community are the personal opinions of the authors, not of Acer. By using this site, you accept Acer's Privacy Policy and the. This email address has already been registered.. By signing up, I accept the terms of the Acer Privacy Policy. This website is best viewed using Internet Explorer 10+, Chrome, Safari and newer browsers.. 
Press enter or click on the search icon. 4-inch display with 233ppi pixel density. Sophisticated Thai Silk inspired rear cover. Hands on with the Acer M220 Windows phone. After some years away, Acer is taking a second roll of the dice on the Windows Phone OS with a variant of its entry-level Z220 handset.. The first Windows 8.1 phone from Acer embraces the Windows ecosystem just ahead of the Windows 10 roll-out. Being an entry-level handset, re-entering the Windows fold at this critical period could prove to be a wise move for the company and help it to attract a new audience. Acer Liquid M220 Release Date and Pricing  The Acer Liquid Jade Z will be available to purchase from April through selected EMEA retailers in Mystic Black and Pure White, starting at €79.. SEE ALSO: Samsung Galaxy S6 hands-on. Sporting a 4-inch WVGA (480 x 800 pixels) display, the compact M220 features a textured body, inspired by Thai Silk. In the hand the texture adds some welcome grip and, along with the jagged silver trim that wraps around the phone’s edges, it looks and feels more expensive than it is.. The Liquid M220 has a 5-megapixel main camera with an 89-degree lens and a 2-megapixel front-facing camera. For the money, there’s little to complain about and for basic snapshots, both cameras should perform well enough in good light.. Windows 8.1 looks good on the Liquid M220, even though it’s the smallest device I’ve seen it running on. In terms of power, the phone runs on a 1.2GHz dual-core processor with 512MB RAM which isn’t much, but for standard phone apps and usage, it appeared to run smoothly. The internal memory is only 4GB, but this can be extended using the microSD slot up to 32GB.. SEE ALSO: Acer Liquid Jade Z hands-on. The phone’s 1,300mAh battery isn’t particularly big, but it’s only powering a small device, so you should still get well over a day’s regular use from it.. Of course being a Windows phone, the Liquid M220 has access to tools such as OneDrive and comes with 15GB of cloud storage. Acer has also confirmed that the phone will be upgradeable to Windows 10 towards the end of 2015, which is good to know.. This phone, in hardware terms, isn’t a massive deal, although it does offer some good functionality at an affordable price point. The Acer Liquid M220 is another decent device that offers entry-level users a way into the Windows ecosystem.. The interesting thing is the inclusion of a Windows Phone device in Acer’s line-up. Acer is getting ready for Windows 10 and letting us decide which platform suits our needs. You could say Acer’s hedging its bets, but it’ll be the one laughing if Win 10 takes off.. When Windows 10 launches, we hope to see a high-end Acer phone running it.. Get news, competitions and special offers direct to your inbox. By submitting your information, you agree to the Terms & Conditions and Privacy & Cookies Policy .. Please keep me up to date with special offers and news from Trusted Reviews and other brands within the Time Inc. You can unsubscribe at any time.. We'd also like to send you special offers and news just by email from other carefully selected companies we think you might like. Your personal details will not be shared with those companies - we send the emails and you can unsubscribe at any time. Please tick here if you are happy to receive these messages.. Terms & Conditions and Privacy & Cookies Policy. Trusted Reviews is part of Time Inc. (UK) Ltd Fashion & Beauty Network. 
With a design that is as functional as it is beautiful the Liquid M220 is made for those who are looking for a perfectly balanced Windows mobile experience. Perfect for taking photos and recording videos on-the-go with an 89 degree wide angle view. Featuring Windows Phone 8.1, the Liquid M220 is easy to use and customize and fully supports Microsoft applications and services such as OneDrive, Skype, Office and Cortana.. Powered by a Snapdragon 200 processor. Snapdragon 200 processors support exciting mobile experiences and better battery life in todayâs most popular high-volume smartphones. Featuring support for smooth navigation, easier switching between apps, vibrant HD visuals and premium multichannel audio, Snapdragon 200 processors make exceptional performance more accessible than ever.. smartphone is powered by Snapdragon processor Apr 23, 2015. Be one of the first to know.. Sign up to receive the latest Snapdragon news, device announcements, availability and more.. About Qualcomm Careers Offices Contact Us Support. Nothing in these materials is an offer to sell any of the components or devices referenced herein. References to "Qualcomm"; may mean Qualcomm Incorporated, or subsidiaries or business units within the Qualcomm corporate structure, as applicable. Materials that are as of a specific date, including but not limited to press releases, presentations, blog posts and webcasts, may have been superseded by subsequent events or disclosures. Qualcomm Incorporated includes Qualcomm's licensing business, QTL, and the vast majority of its patent portfolio. Qualcomm Technologies, Inc., a wholly-owned subsidiary of Qualcomm Incorporated, operates, along with its subsidiaries, substantially all of Qualcomm's engineering, research and development functions, and substantially all of its products and services businesses. Qualcomm products referenced on this page are products of Qualcomm Technologies, Inc. 
Find a Store for Local Pricing and Availability. Acer Liquid M220 Cell Phone Chargers. Cell phones today are more than just a way to talk to other people – they’re practically all-in-one electronic devices. You likely use your phone to send text messages, listen to music, and play games on a daily basis, to name just a few. All of these activities have one thing in common: they quickly drain your phone’s battery. Batteries Plus Bulbs can help you keep your phone charged and ready to go with our selection of Acer Liquid M220 chargers.. Related Products for "Acer Liquid M220 Cell Phone Chargers". 1 - 7 of 7 | View. Plugs into any standard wall outlet (110V). 3 foot micro USB connector cord included. 2 USB ports (1 amp & 2.1 amp). Black Micro USB Charger For Acer Liquid M220 Cell Phone. Ideal for charging Android phones and tablets. Connect your PC peripherals such as hard drives, printers, and more. Black Micro USB Cable for Acer Liquid M220 Cell Phone. 3 foot Micro-USB to USB cord. 3 amp DC with two USB ports: one 2.1 amp and one 1 amp output. DC Micro-USB Charger for Acer Liquid M220 Cell Phone. Black Keychain Micro-USB Charge Cable for Acer Liquid M220 Cell Phone. Very durable and flexible 5 inch cable. Green USB to Micro-USB 5 Inch Charge Cable for Acer Liquid M220 Cell Phone. Green Keychain Micro-USB Charge Cable for Acer Liquid M220 Cell Phone. Back up power for any device using a USB power cord. Provides up to 7 hours of runtime. External Battery Pack Charger Acer Liquid M220 Cell Phone. Chemistry: Nickel Cadmium, Nickel Metal Hydride. We stock AC, DC, and USB Chargers for your Acer Liquid M220 cell phone so that you can keep your phone going no matter where you are. Use your DC charger to power your phone through your car during a long commute, then switch to the USB you keep on your desk at work. Stuck in an airport? Keep a spare AC charger to plug into any standard 110-120VAC wall outlet. Thanks to our versatile selection, you never have to fear a dead cell phone battery again.. Chargers are a phone’s best friend, but occasionally you’ll find yourself somewhere where you’re completely unable to charge your phone. Batteries Plus Bulbs has you covered there, too. We’ve got portable battery packs that can provide emergency power to your Acer Liquid M220 phone in a pinch.. We strive to provide the best price available on BatteriesPlus.com and in our stores. Store pricing may vary from the price advertised on BatteriesPlus.com. Fees may apply for recycling, environmental disposal, and/or labor/installation.. All registered trademarks are the property of their respective owners. Duracell is a registered trademark of Duracell U.S. 
Enter the characters you see below. Sorry, we just need to make sure you're not a robot. For best results, please make sure your browser is accepting cookies.. Type the characters you see in this image:. 
The next video is starting stop. Want to watch this again later?. Sign in to add this video to a playlist.. Sign in to report inappropriate content.. Sign in to make your opinion count.. Sign in to make your opinion count.. The interactive transcript could not be loaded.. Rating is available when the video has been rented.. This feature is not available right now. It's been some time since we've talked about Acer in the context of Windows Phone. But, it's back in the game with the Liquid M220, the company's first Windows Phone 8.1 device just announced at Mobile World Congress. It's a budget phone, costing just 79 Euros when it goes on sale in April in the Europe, Middle East and Africa region. It'll be competing directly with the likes of the Microsoft Lumia 435 in the market, and while it's low budget when it comes to the hardware, it does have some charm. Subscribe to our Youtube channel: https://www.youtube.com/windowscentra... Follow us on social media: Facebook:. When autoplay is enabled, a suggested video will automatically play next.. Acer Liquid M220 – Simply smart (Features & Highlights). Acer Liquid M220 Hands on Review, Camera, Features, Comparison and Overview at MWC 2015. Unboxing & First Impression Acer Liquid M220 Indonesia. Acer Liquid S1: The "Phablet" Experience. Acer Liquid M220 - Hands On. Acer Liquid M220 (Windows 10 preview) hands-on. The Liquid M220 is Acer's first Windows Phone. Windows 10 for phone and Actionable Notifications in Alarms. Windows 10 Technical Preview for Phones: A Guided Tour. Acer Liquid M 220 hands-on: a €79 Windows Phone. Acer Liquid M220 Plus Windows Phone smartphone [English]. Acer Liquid E700 Unboxing, Review, Camera, Benchmarks, Gaming and Overview. Microsoft Lumia 640 XL unboxing (AT&T). Acer Liquid M220 Review: Find Out Hands on features, specs, price, performance. Microsoft Lumia 435 hands on and first impressions. Sign in to add this to Watch Later. 
The next video is starting stop. Want to watch this again later?. Sign in to add this video to a playlist.. Sign in to report inappropriate content.. Sign in to make your opinion count.. Sign in to make your opinion count.. Rating is available when the video has been rented.. This feature is not available right now. Acer právě na MWC 2015 představil svůj první telefon s Windows Phone 8.1. Jedná se o low-end, který zaujme nejen cenou, ale především kompaktními rozměry, protože nových telefonů s 4palcovou úhlopříčkou je jako šafránu. Liquid M220 ale neurazí ani vzhledem a zdá se být vhodným kandidátem pro nenáročné uživatele Windows Phone. Podívejte se na videopohled, fotogalerii a první dojmy z novinky.. When autoplay is enabled, a suggested video will automatically play next.. Acer Liquid M220: První pohled z MWC 2015. Acer Liquid M220 Hands on Review, Camera, Features, Comparison and Overview at MWC 2015. Unboxing dan Review Acer Liquid M220. Acer Liquid M220 (Windows 10 preview) hands-on. Acer Liquid M 220 hands-on: a €79 Windows Phone. reraba: Acer Liquid M220 Windows 8.1 (Indonesia). Acer Liquid M220 Plus Windows Phone smartphone [English]. Acer Liquid M220 deutsch | Hands-on. Samsung Galaxy S9 a S9+ (MWC 2018). Acer Liquid M220 - Hands On. Acer Liquid Z220 Hands on Review, Camera, Features, Comparison and Overview at MWC 2015. Déballage du Acer Liquid M220 (Unboxing) Par Acer Actu. Acer Liquid M220 – Simply smart (Features & Highlights). Acer Liquid M220 - Hands On italiano. Sign in to add this to Watch Later. 
more ... more .... more ... more .... Acer outs the Liquid M220, an entry-level Windows Phone 8.1 smartphone. Acer outs the Liquid M220, an entry-level Windows Phone 8.1 smartphone. posted by Luis D.. Tags :. Windows - Windows + MWC2015 - MWC2015 +. At MWC 2015, Acer unveiled a new Windows Phone 8.1 handset - the Acer Liquid M220. Upgradeable to Windows Phone 10 when the time comes, the handset offers essential Microsoft apps (OneDrive, Skype, Office, Cortana), a 4-inch display with a pixel density of 233 pixels per inch, and a pair of 5-megapixel and 2-megapixel cameras. The rest of the specs are entry-level as well - there's a 1.2GHz dual-core CPU (probably Qualcomm silicon), paired with 512MB RAM, 4GB of storage, and a 1300mAh battery. In terms of design, the dual-SIM handset can boast with its Thai Silk-inspired pattern decorating the panels, and the middle frame's pyramidal decoration. The Liquid M220 will be available in April through selected retailers in the Europe, Afica, and Middle East region. It will be sold in Mystic Black & Pure White, with a starting price of €79. First Acer Windows 8.1 Phone Launched at Mobile World Congress Liquid M220 designed for those who look for a simply smart life Editor’s Summary 4-inch display with 233 PPI resolution; Sophisticated surface texture design inspired by Thai Silk material; Windows Phone 10 ready1 ; Compatible with the Acer Leap smart wearables BARCELONA – Acer today unveils the Liquid M220 smartphone, first ever Liquid smartphone to run on the Windows Phone 8.1 operating system. “We are proudly introducing our first Windows Phone 8.1 and simultaneously announcing its future upgradability to Windows Phone 10,” said ST Liew, Smartphone Business Group President at Acer. “It is the right moment for Acer to join the Windows Phone eco-system with its growing popularity and consistency across phone and PC devices.” The Liquid M220 will be on display at Acer’s booth (Hall 1, stand G50) during MWC2015 in Barcelona. For those who are looking for a perfectly balanced Windows mobile experience, Acer developed the Liquid M220; putting simplicity and essential features for people on the move at the center. With a 4-inch 233 pixels per inch (PPI) display, the compact Liquid M220 enables a vivid multimedia experience and its dual cameras are perfect for taking photos and recording videos on-the-go. Featuring Windows Phone 8.1, the Liquid M220 is easy to use and customize and fully supports Microsoft applications and services such as OneDrive, Skype, Office and of course Cortana2. “With the addition of a Windows-based smartphone, Acer now offers the broadest Windows portfolio in the industry,” Liew added. “With the launch of the Liquid M220, it’s great to see Acer expanding its portfolio of Windows devices to include smartphones,” said Peter Han, Vice President of Worldwide Marketing, OEM Division, Microsoft. “Together we are providing an integrated, cross-device Windows experience to our joint customers.” Aesthetics of Living Style The Liquid M220 features a design that is as functional as it is beautiful. The sophisticated surface texture design on the cover sports a Thai Silk inspired pattern, while the silver middle frame features a distinct square pyramid design, adding grip and elegance. The volume and power keys are positioned along the path of the silver middle frame making them easy to find and providing a comfortable single hand experience. Great cameras While the voice and video calling features allow users to always stay connected, the 5MP auto-focus main and 2MP front cameras will capture beautiful moments. The main camera sports an 89-degree wide-angle lens, which lets users fit more of the scene into their photos. With the Liquid M220, every owner can easily save and share their memories! Easy operation Windows Phone 8.1 offers a productive alternative to other operating systems; it is extremely intuitive and easy to personalize, because Windows powers most of the PCs and laptops in the world, the phone has a familiarity and provides seamless integration across devices. A clean interface and a host of customization options means, you can customize the live tiles, colours and layout of the screen to really make the device your own. Plus, staying in touch with friends and family is easier than ever. Accessories and connected devices for more fun Both the Liquid Leap and Liquid Leap+ smart activebands are compatible with Windows Phone 8.1, becoming the ideal companions of the Liquid M220 for health conscious users with fitness tracking or anyone looking for a smarter way to stay in touch with deported notifications and music-control. The Liquid M220 will also have optional accessories ranging from matching colour flip covers to matching colour protective cases. 1.Windows Phone 10 upgrade on Liquid M220 coming after Windows Phone 10 launch later this year; may incur limited features due to platform technical specifications. 2.Cortana personal assistant is currently deploying in its alpha version and availability may vary on country, system language, and product SKU. Galaxy S9 vs iPhone X hands-on: A battle royale. Samsung Galaxy S9 and S9+ hands-on: Worthy of celebrity hands. Sony presents Xperia XZ2 and XZ2 Compact: new design and Snapdragon 845. Galaxy S9+ vs Pixel 2 XL. Samsung Galaxy S9 & S9+ hands-on. The Galaxy S9 and S9+ are official!. (Posts: 444; Member since: 30 Jul 2014). posted on 01 Mar 2015, 05:59. 1 GB RAM or go away.. (Posts: 855; Member since: 08 Dec 2010). posted on 01 Mar 2015, 05:59. it does not meet the standards of Microsoft’s Windows Reference Design devices in 2015. (Posts: 142; Member since: 10 Jun 2013). posted on 01 Mar 2015, 06:10. (Posts: 1044; Member since: 27 Feb 2015). posted on 01 Mar 2015, 08:58. It's not better than lumia 432/435 its not meeting the WP standard's(1g of ram) even.. Want to comment? Please login or register .. Acer outs the Liquid M220, an entry-level Windows Phone 8.1 smartphone. Acer outs the Liquid M220, an entry-level Windows Phone 8.1 smartphone. Gear S4 may come with a blood pressure monitor, Samsung patent reveals. Google Pay launches today, but its most important feature is not here yet. Galaxy S9 and S9+ previewed in glorious detail with full specs and release date. Galaxy S9 and S9+ price and release date on Verizon, AT&T, T-Mobile and Best Buy. The Samsung Galaxy S9 and S9+ have game-changing cameras with variable aperture and 960fps slow-mo video recording. The Big Barcelona Camera Comparison: iPhone X vs Pixel 2 XL vs Note 8. Samsung Galaxy S9 and S9+ rumor review: Specs, design, features, price and release date. Sony presents Xperia XZ2 and XZ2 Compact: new design and Snapdragon 845. Galaxy S9 Exynos edition gets benchmarked against rivals!. Galaxy S9 first camera comparison vs iPhone X, V30, S8. Samsung Galaxy S9 & S9+ hands-on. MWC 2018: top smartphones to expect. Best smartphone you can buy in 2018. Allo is a quality app, but Google isn't giving it a real chance. All content (phone reviews, news, specs, info), design and layouts are Copyright 2001-2018 phoneArena.com. Reproduction in whole or in part or in any form or medium without written permission is prohibited! Privacy. 
Our new search experience requires JavaScript to be enabled. Please enable JavaScript on your browser , then try again .. All Categories Antiques Art Baby Books Business & Industrial Cameras & Photo Cell Phones & Accessories Clothing, Shoes & Accessories Coins & Paper Money Collectibles Computers/Tablets & Networking Consumer Electronics Crafts Dolls & Bears DVDs & Movies eBay Motors Entertainment Memorabilia Gift Cards & Coupons Health & Beauty Home & Garden Jewelry & Watches Music Musical Instruments & Gear Pet Supplies Pottery & Glass Real Estate Specialty Services Sporting Goods Sports Mem, Cards & Fan Shop Stamps Tickets & Experiences Toys & Hobbies Travel Video Games & Consoles Everything Else. Hi ( Sign in to bid or buy) Daily Deals Gift Cards Help & Contact Sell. Summary Recently Viewed Bids/Offers Watch List Purchase History Selling Saved Searches Saved Sellers Messages. Refine your search for acer liquid m220 cell phone. All Listings - Current page. results for acer liquid m220 cell phone. Save acer liquid m220 cell phone to get e-mail alerts and updates on your eBay Feed.. Unfollow acer liquid m220 cell phone to stop getting updates on your eBay Feed.. You'll receive email and Feed alerts when new items arrive. Afghanistan - AFG Albania - ALB Algeria - DZA American Samoa - ASM Andorra - AND Angola - AGO Anguilla - AIA Antigua and Barbuda - ATG Argentina - ARG Armenia - ARM Aruba - ABW Australia - AUS Austria - AUT Azerbaijan Republic - AZE Bahamas - BHS Bahrain - BHR Bangladesh - BGD Barbados - BRB Belarus - BLR Belgium - BEL Belize - BLZ Benin - BEN Bermuda - BMU Bhutan - BTN Bolivia - BOL Bosnia and Herzegovina - BIH Botswana - BWA Brazil - BRA British Virgin Islands - VGB Brunei Darussalam - BRN Bulgaria - BGR Burkina Faso - BFA Burma - MMR Burundi - BDI Cambodia - KHM Cameroon - CMR Canada - CAN Cape Verde Islands - CPV Cayman Islands - CYM Central African Republic - CAF Chad - TCD Chile - CHL China - CHN Colombia - COL Comoros - COM Congo, Democratic Republic of the - COD Congo, Republic of the - COG Cook Islands - COK Costa Rica - CRI Cote d Ivoire (Ivory Coast) - CIV Croatia, Republic of - HRV Cyprus - CYP Czech Republic - CZE Denmark - DNK Djibouti - DJI Dominica - DMA Dominican Republic - DOM Ecuador - ECU Egypt - EGY El Salvador - SLV Equatorial Guinea - GNQ Eritrea - ERI Estonia - EST Ethiopia - ETH Falkland Islands (Islas Malvinas) - FLK Fiji - FJI Finland - FIN France - FRA French Guiana - GUF French Polynesia - PYF Gabon Republic - GAB Gambia - GMB Georgia - GEO Germany - DEU Ghana - GHA Gibraltar - GIB Greece - GRC Greenland - GRL Grenada - GRD Guadeloupe - GLP Guam - GUM Guatemala - GTM Guernsey - GGY Guinea - GIN Guinea-Bissau - GNB Guyana - GUY Haiti - HTI Honduras - HND Hong Kong - HKG Hungary - HUN Iceland - ISL India - IND Indonesia - IDN Ireland - IRL Israel - ISR Italy - ITA Jamaica - JAM Japan - JPN Jersey - JEY Jordan - JOR Kazakhstan - KAZ Kenya - KEN Kiribati - KIR Korea, South - KOR Kuwait - KWT Kyrgyzstan - KGZ Laos - LAO Latvia - LVA Lebanon - LBN Liechtenstein - LIE Lithuania - LTU Luxembourg - LUX Macau - MAC Macedonia - MKD Madagascar - MDG Malawi - MWI Malaysia - MYS Maldives - MDV Mali - MLI Malta - MLT Marshall Islands - MHL Martinique - MTQ Mauritania - MRT Mauritius - MUS Mayotte - MYT Mexico - MEX Micronesia - FSM Moldova - MDA Monaco - MCO Mongolia - MNG Montenegro - MNE Montserrat - MSR Morocco - MAR Mozambique - MOZ Namibia - NAM Nauru - NRU Nepal - NPL Netherlands - NLD Netherlands Antilles - ANT New Caledonia - NCL New Zealand - NZL Nicaragua - NIC Niger - NER Nigeria - NGA Niue - NIU Norway - NOR Oman - OMN Pakistan - PAK Palau - PLW Panama - PAN Papua New Guinea - PNG Paraguay - PRY Peru - PER Philippines - PHL Poland - POL Portugal - PRT Puerto Rico - PRI Qatar - QAT Reunion - REU Romania - ROU Russian Federation - RUS Rwanda - RWA Saint Helena - SHN Saint Kitts-Nevis - KNA Saint Lucia - LCA Saint Pierre and Miquelon - SPM Saint Vincent and the Grenadines - VCT San Marino - SMR Saudi Arabia - SAU Senegal - SEN Serbia - SRB Seychelles - SYC Sierra Leone - SLE Singapore - SGP Slovakia - SVK Slovenia - SVN Solomon Islands - SLB Somalia - SOM South Africa - ZAF Spain - ESP Sri Lanka - LKA Suriname - SUR Swaziland - SWZ Sweden - SWE Switzerland - CHE Taiwan - TWN Tajikistan - TJK Tanzania - TZA Thailand - THA Togo - TGO Tonga - TON Trinidad and Tobago - TTO Tunisia - TUN Turkey - TUR Turkmenistan - TKM Turks and Caicos Islands - TCA Tuvalu - TUV Uganda - UGA Ukraine - UKR United Arab Emirates - ARE United Kingdom - UK United States - USA Uruguay - URU Uzbekistan - UZB Vanuatu - VUT Vatican City State - VAT Venezuela - VEN Vietnam - VNM Virgin Islands (U.S) - VIR Wallis and Futuna - WLF Western Sahara - ESH Western Samoa - WSM Yemen - YEM Zambia - ZMB Zimbabwe - ZWE. acer liquid m220 cell phone :. Soft Pudding TPU Gel Silicone Protector Cover cellphone Case skin For Acer. Universal PU Leather Cell Phone Belt Case for Series Acer Liquid Flip Cover. PU Leather PULL Cord TAB Pouch Bag cellphone skin Cover Case For Acer. Universal Sports Armband Cell Phone Protector Cover White for Series Acer. Universal PU Leather Cell Phone Case White for Series Acer Flip Case Cover Case. Pocket Cell phone Carrying Case Waterproof Bag Shockproof Cover for Acer Liquid. Universal Sports Armband Cell Phone Protector Cover Blue for Series Acer. Universal Sports Armband Cell Phone Protector Cover Black for Series Acer. Universal PU Leather Cell Phone Case Black for Series Acer Flip Case Cover Case. Waterproof Protection Wallet Carrying Case Bag Cover for Acer Liquid Cell Phone. Acer Liquid M220 Black 3G HSPA+ 8GB Single Sim Windows. For ACER Liquid phone Case Wallet Fashion Cute Design Pattern Cover. New PU Leather Flip Stand Case Cover Wallet for Acer Liquid Z220 M220. Wallet cartoon cute case For ASUS BQ ZTE skin PU leather Cover. For Acer Liquid M220 New TPU Matte Gel skin soft Case cover. PU Leather Stand Card Slot Flip Case Cover Skin For Acer Liquid Z6 Cell Phone. Elastic Neoprene Protective Pouch Bag Sleeve Case Cover phone case For Acer. For Acer Liquid M220 Vivid Leaf Straps Case Flip Cover Wallet Holster Card Slots. Protective Cover for Acer Liquid M220/Z220 Phone Briefcase Plastic TPU Case. Acer Liquid M220 Case TPU-Case black. Womens Protective Wallet Case Cover for Smart Cell Phones by KroO ESDC-1 MD. For Acer Liquid M220 - Clip On PU Leather Wallet Case & Powerbank. 8X Zoom Camera Telephoto Telescope Lens Phone Clip For Various Cell Phone iPhone. Womens Flower Pattern Wallet Case Cover for Smart Cell Phones by KroO ESMLF-1. For Acer Liquid M220 Plus Luxury Clover Case Flip Cover Wallet Holster Stand. For Acer Liquid M220 Plus Retro Clover PU Leather Case Holster Flip Cover Stand. Womens Houndstooth Wallet Case Clutch Cover for Smart Cell Phones by KroO MLPK1. For Acer Liquid M220 Luxury Clover Case Flip Cover Wallet Holster Card Slots. Universal Full-grain Genuine Leather Phone Wallet Case Pouch GMENMO1|ECE. Acer Liquid M220 Case TPU-Case black. For Acer Liquid M220 Plus Vivid Leaf Straps Case Flip Cover Wallet Holster Stand. Universal Belt Clip Holster for Cell Phone Slim Compact Case Synthetic Leather. Universal NEW Smart Cell Phone Black/Gray Wavy Horizontal Pouch Case Flip Cover. Womens Link Wallet Case Clutch Cover for Smart Cell Phones by KroO CRWL12. For Acer Liquid M220 Retro Clover PU Leather Case Holster Flip Cover Card Slots. Acer Liquid M220 Case Flip Cover in black. Womens Croc Skin Wallet Case Clutch Cover for Smart Cell Phones by KroO MXDV12. Acer Liquid M220 Case TPU-Case pink. For Acer Liquid M220 Clover Stylish PU Leather Retro Flip Cover Case Card Slots. Womens Link Wallet Case & Crossbody Clutch Cover for Smart Cell Phones CRWL1. Acer Liquid M220 Case TPU-Case pink. Strap leaf Leather Wallet Card Holder Case Stand Cover For Various Smart Phones. Womens Link Wallet Case Clutch Cover for Smart Cell Phones by KroO CRWL1. For Acer Liquid M220 Plus Clover Stylish PU Leather Retro Flip Cover Case Stand. Acer Liquid M220 Case Flip Cover in black. Womens Houndstooth Wallet Case Clutch Cover for Smart Cell Phones by KroO MLPK12. 72 items found from eBay international sellers. Customs services and international tracking provided. eBay determines this price through a machine learned model of the product's sale prices within the last 90 days.. eBay determines trending price through a machine learned model of the product’s sale prices within the last 90 days. "New" refers to a brand-new, unused, unopened, undamaged item, and "Used" refers to an item that has been used previously.. Top Rated Plus Sellers with highest buyer ratings Returns, money back Ships in a business day with tracking Learn More. Top Rated Plus Sellers with highest buyer ratings Returns, money back Ships in a business day with tracking Learn More. Cell Phones, Smart Watches & Accessories. Cell Phone Cases, Covers & Skins. $ Enter minimum price to $ Enter maximum price. Please enter a minimum and/or maximum price before continuing.. Site Map Copyright © 1995-2018 eBay Inc. Accessibility , User Agreement , Privacy , Cookies and AdChoice Norton Secured - powered by Verisign. Number of bids and bid amounts may be slightly out of date. See each listing for international shipping options and costs.. 
Home › English Community › Products › Smartphones & Wearables › Windows Phones. How To Take Screenshot On Acer Liquid M220?. Aspire, E and F Series Laptops. Swift, Spin, S and R Series Laptops. Gateway, eMachines and Packard Bell Laptops. Gateway, eMachines and Packard Bell Desktops. search subcategories search archived. discussions questions comments answers. Examples: Monday, today, last week, Mar 26, 3/26/04. How To Take Screenshot On Acer Liquid M220?. edited December 2017 in Windows Phones. Can anyone please tell me how to take screenshot on Acer Liquid M220? Thanks. Posts: 17,647 ACE Trailblazer. Click on "Like" if you find my answer useful or click on "Yes" if it answers your question.. Posts: 1 Member New User. To take a screenshot in Acer liquid M22o mobile you have to hold the power and Home buttons at same time. By doing this the image is captured and automatically it will be stored in your Phone gallery.. Sign In or Register to comment.. It looks like you're new here. If you want to get involved, click one of these buttons!. Free 25 GB of Dropbox Space. Register your Acer device and get 25GB of space free for 1 year!. to get all the benefits. Get social and introduce yourself in our. or learn about our ACE Program. Get Support, Drivers or Manuals from Acer. Find your Model Number (Windows only). The opinions expressed on Acer Community are the personal opinions of the authors, not of Acer. By using this site, you accept Acer's Privacy Policy and the. This email address has already been registered.. By signing up, I accept the terms of the Acer Privacy Policy. This website is best viewed using Internet Explorer 10+, Chrome, Safari and newer browsers.. 
110% Low Price Guarantee + 90-Day Returns. All of your information is secured and transmitted utilizing the highest level of Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) encryption. Other Brands Acer Liquid M220 - Phone Cases & Covers. Alcatel Fierce 4 - TPU Case, Clear. Check Out Our Other Styles Below. Other Brands Acer Liquid M220 -Splash Guardz Waterproof Case with Lanyard, Blue. Universal fit for most mobile devices. Completely waterproof for up to 20 feet. Dimensions: 6 (H) x 3.2 (W) x 0.6 (D) in.. Other Brands Acer Liquid M220 -LUXMO EXEC Series Hand-Crafted Horizontal Leather Case with Belt Clip, Black. Executive Hand-Crafted Horizontal Leather Carrying Case. Dimensions: 3.3 (H) x 6.22 (W) x 0.6 (D) in.. Other Brands Acer Liquid M220 -Splash Guardz Waterproof Case with Lanyard, Lime Green. Universal fit for most mobile devices. Completely waterproof for up to 20 feet. Dimensions: 6 (H) x 3.2 (W) x 0.6 (D) in.. Other Brands Acer Liquid M220 -Splash Guardz Waterproof Case with Lanyard, Orange. Universal fit for most mobile devices. Completely waterproof for up to 20 feet. Dimensions: 6 (H) x 3.2 (W) x 0.6 (D) in.. Other Brands Acer Liquid M220 -Luxmo Horizontal Marble Leather Carrying Case with Belt Clip, Black. Luxmo Black Horizontal Marble Leather Carrying Case. High-quality leatherette with reinforced stitching and sealed seams. Protects against minor bumps and shocks. Dimensions: 3.3 (H) x 6.22 (W) x 0.6 (D) in.. Other Brands Acer Liquid M220 -Luxmo Horizontal Marble Leather Carrying Case with Belt Clip, Black. Luxmo Black Horizontal Marble Leather Carrying Case. High-quality leatherette with reinforced stitching and sealed seams. Interior lined with soft neoprene fabric. Protects against minor bumps and shocks. Dimensions: 3.3 (H) x 6.22 (W) x 0.6 (D) in.. Other Brands Acer Liquid M220 -LUXMO EXECUTIVE SERIES LEATHER CARRYING CASE WITH BELT CLIP, BLACK. Dimensions: 3.46 (H) x 6.6 (W) x 0.31 (D) in.. Other Brands Acer Liquid M220 -Splash Guardz Waterproof Case with Lanyard, Red. Universal fit for most mobile devices. Completely waterproof for up to 20 feet. Dimensions: 6 (H) x 3.2 (W) x 0.6 (D) in.. Other Brands Acer Liquid M220 -Splash Guardz Waterproof Case with Lanyard, Blue Camo. Universal fit for most mobile devices. Completely waterproof for up to 20 feet. Package includes: Soft velcro strap and lanyard. Dimensions: 6 (H) x 3.2 (W) x 0.6 (D) in.. Other Brands Acer Liquid M220 -Slim vegan leather folio sleeve wallet with card slots, Black. Other Brands Acer Liquid M220 -Waterproof Bag. Other Brands Acer Liquid M220 -Felt Wool SmartPhone Sleeve,Gray. Keeps your phone safe from scratches, dents and cracks. Built-in pocket for cards, cash and other small items. Rounded corners for a comfortable fit in your pocket. Other Brands Acer Liquid M220 -Slim vegan leather folio sleeve wallet with card slots, Camel Brown. Other Brands Acer Liquid M220 -Slim vegan leather folio sleeve wallet with card slots, Dark Blue. Other Brands Acer Liquid M220 -Slim vegan leather folio sleeve wallet with card slots, Gray. Other Brands Acer Liquid M220 -Splash Guardz Camo Waterproof Case with Lanyard, Brown. Universal fit for most mobile devices. Completely waterproof for up to 20 feet. Package includes: Soft velcro strap and lanyard. Dimensions: 6 (H) x 3.2 (W) x 0.6 (D) in.. Other Brands Acer Liquid M220 -Slim vegan leather folio sleeve wallet with card slots, Red. 
NotebookReview TabletPCReview Brighthand DigitalCameraReview DesktopReview PrinterComparison TechnologyGuide. Best Cheap Laptops and Tablets of 2015. Home > Topics > Acer > Smartphone Reviews > Acer Liquid M220 Review: The $80 Smartphone. Rating 1 to 10, top score 10. Let’s be honest: if you pick up the Liquid M220, it’s not for its lightning-fast performance. With a dual-core, 1.2 GHz Qualcomm Snapdragon and 512 MB of RAM under the hood, its performance is fine for basic tasks, but stumbles a little when it comes to anything more advanced. To be fair, people who buy this phone are probably only looking to do just that: carry out the most basic of tasks. Again, it’s important to remember what this phone is intended to be – a highly affordable, off-contract, entry-level device – and who it’s intended for.. The performance isn’t straight up terrible, it’s just inconsistent. On the one hand, it can actually handle 3D games quite well (we tested both Crossy Road and Subway Surfers), running them at a steady clip with a smooth framerate. On the other hand, load times are painfully slow, and seemingly innocuous tasks like dismissing an app and transitioning back to the home screen results in a slight pause. Still, it’s hard to knock it too much when it struggles with certain tasks because if top-notch, flawless performance is the sort of thing you want out of your phone, you’re not bothering with the Liquid M220 anyway.. What is a little more difficult to forgive is the painfully small amount of storage. With only 4 GB of onboard memory – and even less once you factor in the OS and the pre-installed software – there really isn’t much room for anything, be it apps, music, or photos. Sure, there’s a microSD expansion slot to help ease the pain a little bit, but it’s still unfortunate.. Equally unfortunate is the fact that the Liquid M220 only supports 3G bands.. The battery life of the Liquid M220 is far and away its strongest trait. Given the power efficiency of the OS, the smaller (and lower quality) display, and the fact that it operates solely on 3G bands, it’s no small wonder that this is the case.. A single charge lasted me three and a half days with the brightness on maximum, Wi-Fi and location settings on, and push notifications for a handful of applications (email, Facebook, etc.). This particular trial also included over half an hour of continuous video streaming, so this wasn’t just a test to see how long it could sit in standby.. A note of disclosure, however: our unit did not ship with a SIM card (or rather, SIM cards, given that we had a dual-SIM unit), so our entire time with the phone was spent only on Wi-Fi with no connection to a data network. While this undoubtedly gave it an edge in longevity, it’s still impressive even if you shave a full day off of the battery life.. We have discussed the Windows Phone platform at length on this site , and while the most recent iteration (Windows Phone 8.1) brings some nice upgrades, like digital assistant Cortana, its primary flaw remains the same: poor app selection. While this does not upset me that much, as I happen to enjoy Windows Phone for its efficiency and integration with Microsoft services that many people use on a regular basis (Exchange email, Office, Xbox Live), I can recognize that this is a major dealbreaker for many other users.. As for the rest of the software, Microsoft mercifully keeps bloatware on its devices to a minimum, so besides the suite of included MS/Nokia apps ( Office , HERE Maps, Weather, Health & Fitness, Food & Drink, etc.), there is only an FM radio, a podcast manager, and Adobe Reader.. Both of the cameras on the Liquid M220 are as lousy as you would expect for budget phone. As terrible as the quality of the 2-megapixel front-facing camera is, it at least manages to provide some utility by giving users a means to engage in video calls and take selfies, however horrible the two may look.. The same can’t be said of the 5-megapixel rear-facing camera, which is poor enough that it really isn’t all that useful. Even when taking pictures outdoors in good lighting (it was such a sunny day!), there was plenty of noise in the photos I snapped, and the low resolution ensured that all pictures noticeably lacked sharpness. In fact, if you look any closer at the pictures than at a 100% zoom, you will immediately detect traces of pixilation.. All content posted on TechnologyGuide is granted to TechnologyGuide with electronic publishing rights in perpetuity, as all content posted on this site becomes a part of the community.. TabletPCReview Brighthand DigitalCameraReview DesktopReview PrinterComparison TechnologyGuide. Copyright 2000 - 2018, TechTarget | Read our Privacy Statement. TechTarget publishes more than 100 focused websites providing quick access to a deep store of news, advice and analysis about the products, technologies and processes. crucial to the jobs of IT pros.. 
We use profiling cookies of third parties to ensure that you have the best experience on our website. Please click here if you would like to find more information about these cookies or change your cookie settings. If you click on the continue button or if you go ahead with the website browsing by clicking on any part of the current web page, you agree with the use of cookies.. How to charge the Acer Liquid M220 smartphone. How to charge the Acer Liquid M220 smartphone. How do I charge my Acer Liquid M220 phone?. Connect the AC adapter cord to the micro USB connector on your smartphone. Connect the AC adapter cord to the AC wall adapter. Plug the AC wall adapter into any AC outlet and charge the device.. You need to charge your smartphone for eight hours before initial use. After that you can recharge the battery as needed.. Use the following steps to charge your Liquid M220 smartphone.. Note: It is normal for the phone to heat up when charging or during long periods of use.. Did you find the answer helpful?. Your rating has been submitted, please tell us how we can make this answer more useful.. What type of product are you needing help with?. Desktop Notebook Tablet Monitor Smartphone Other. Which operating system are you using?. Windows 10 Windows 8 Windows 7 Windows Vista Windows XP Android Other. If you require a response, please contact us online using Chat .. Free 25 GB of Dropbox Space. Register your Acer device and get 25GB of space free for 1 year!. This website is best viewed using Internet Explorer 10 , Chrome , Safari and newer browsers.. Please enter your Serial Number or SNID, or search for your product model to find information about your Acer system:. 
This site uses cookies for analytics, personalized content and ads. By continuing to browse this site, you agree to this use. The Acer Liquid M220 smartphone is coming to Microsoft Stores. Windows Phone 10 upgrade on Liquid M220 coming after Windows Phone 10 launch. later this year; may incur limited features due to platform technical specifications. Some hardware/software may limitations apply and feature availability may vary by device. Devices must be connected to the internet and have Windows Update enabled. Your Internet Service Provider may charge you additional fees. Should customers decide to approach an Acer Service Center to perform the upgrade, Acer reserves the right to charge for the service provided. The free upgrade offer is valid only during the first year of Windows 10 availability. Cortana personal assistant is currently deploying in its alpha version and availability may vary on country, system language, and product SKU. Qualcomm Snapdragon is a product of Qualcomm Technologies, Inc. Qualcomm and Snapdragon are trademarks of Qualcomm Incorporated, registered in the United States and other countries. Actual battery life varies depending on product specifications, computer settings and applications or features launched. Accessible capacity varies: (MB = 1 million bytes; GB = 1 billion bytes). Acer announced today that it is expanding its smartphone business to the United States for the first time by bringing its award-winning Liquid M220 smartphone to Microsoft Stores. The Liquid M220 is the first Liquid smartphone to run on the Windows Phone 8.1 operating system and is supported by Acer for the free Windows Phone 10 upgrade. The Liquid M220 was designed to provide essential features for those looking for a simple, easy to use and very affordable smartphone. Its 4-inch 233 pixels per inch (PPI) WVGA (480×800) display delivers clear images for enjoying social media, while front and rear cameras let customers snap selfie pictures and record video on-the-go. A 5MP auto-focus rear camera with LED flash and an 89-degree wide-angle lens captures memorable moments, even in large scenes. In addition, the 2MP fixed-focus front camera can take fun videos on the fly for sharing on social media and support videoconferences with family and friends. Compact and comfortably light weight, it measures just 4.9- x 2.5-x .38-inches and weighs only 4.2 ounces. The user interface is intuitive and easy to customize and fully supports Microsoft applications and services such as OneDrive, Skype, Office and the Cortana (2) digital assistant. The Liquid M220 is powered by a Qualcomm ® Snapdragon 200 processor (3) with dual core CPUs at speeds of up to 1.2GHz, 1GB memory and a replaceable 1300mAh battery that provides up to 3 hours talk time and up to 200 hours in standby on a single charge. (4) It provides ample room for archiving photos and videos with 8GB storage capacity (5) that can be expanded with a Micro SD card.. The Liquid M220 smartphone will be available at Microsoft Stores and MicrosoftStore.com in the United States in Mystic Black and Pure White for a manufacturer’s suggested retail price (MSRP) of $79.99 in June.. Tags Acer Liquid M220 smartphone Microsoft Stores. Acer announces their first Windows Phone 8.1 device. Acer updates the Aspire V Nitro Black Edition notebook with the latest Intel RealSense short range camera and introduces a new Windows 10 smartphone. Continued Growth of the Windows Phone Ecosystem. Acer Unveils New PCs and Phones Featuring Style and Performance. CES: The HTC Titan II, one of the first LTE Windows Phones, comes to AT&T. Buy online, pick up in store. 
Acer Liquid M220 - user opinions and reviews. Pages: 1 2 3 4 ». mel, 18 Nov 2016 Same problem with marciano. Sim 1 always invalid even being detached and inserted repeatedly.. my windows phone shows me a sad face with a blue background on it.. i actually didnt used it as of now.. it starts when i safely removed my battery to insert my memory card then when i started to open it it shows me a blue background with sad face at the center.. what should i do to fix it and used it again..... cj, 11 Dec 2016 how to upgrade it to windows 10 can you help me guys ?. Do you have the 4GB RAM/512MB RAM version, or the 8GB RAM/1GB RAM version?. If it's the 4GB/512MB version, then don't even try. I'm not sure it would even work, but if it did work then you'd be very disappointed with the results. If it's the 8GB/1GB version, then it might be possible. But it would come with significant drawbacks. First, it isn't officially supported, so you won't get any help from Acer or Microsoft (or me!) if things go wrong. This may brick your phone, and you'll have nobody to blame but yourself. Second, in my experience, any non-UWP apps you may try to install will be very likely to malfunction. Windows 10 Mobile is supposed to be capable of running older apps originally written for Windows Phone 8 or Windows Phone 8.1. However, most of them seem to crash immediately on start-up for me. If you still want to go through with it, here's what you need to do:. - Download the Windows Insider App in the app store. Remember, the device isn't officially supported for Windows 10 Mobile, so the official upgrade app won't work. - In the Windows Insider App, enroll in the Release Preview ring. - After the phone checks for updates, you should download the release-to-manufacturing build of Windows 10. - As soon as the update installs, go back into the Windows Insider App and leave the program. This will bump you back to regular public builds of Windows 10. - Your phone will reboot once more, and search for updates again. It will download and install the latest build of the Anniversary Update. This worked for me several months ago. It is entirely possible that the loopholes I used to install Windows 10 Mobile back then have since been closed, so it may not work for you.. This model is also available with Android instead of Windows. So can the Windows version be replaced with Android using a custom ROM?. Hello, I wanna ask about file menager AcerLiquid M220.. Where is location and how to connected to internet and the add application.. how to upgrade it to windows 10 can you help me guys ?. I do not know how to use video call in messenger app..please help me. Marciano, 28 Dec 2015 Why is it that one of the SIMs, (SIM 1) can not be detected despite my repeated installations ... Sim 1 always invalid even being detached and inserted repeatedly.. Can't make calls worthless on anything else. This was created to be dropped behind enemy lines and demoralize them.. Worst camera ever, lumia 430 is better. Hello, I wanna ask about file menager AcerLiquid M220.. Where is location and how to connected to internet and the add application.. Hello guys.how can I find download files on my Acer m220?. My M220 has suddenly restarted & it's showned by the tear &blue display what's the problem how to solve about this worried. wheng, 16 Dec 2015 help guys... i bought this gadget last october the m220 acer phone together with aacer one lap... more Same problem I had so I just returned the phone as it is still in the warranty period and didn't try to use the narrator app again &#128522;. Can't connect wifi even the wifi signal is good, how to connect in wifi?. hi can someone teach me how to increase the life of my battery. is acer m220 have touch keyboard setting?. Can,someone has the way to increase the speaker power? It has low sound ringing compared to lumia. How to turn off vibrate when cancel. I all ready turn it off in settings. And also how to change my keyboard to T9. Just got this phone on thursday, it's smooth despite its weak processor and low storage and RAM but it has a decent camera for its price. My only problem is the damn ghosting on the lower part of the screen (on portrait), is there a fix for that? it's kinda not comfy when looking at the screen if there's ghosting, how about you guys (who own the same phone of course)?. I personally will keep it as my only windows phone alongside my Zenfone 2 Laser. Pages: 1 2 3 4 ». Total of 65 user reviews and opinions for Acer Liquid M220 .. Samsung Apple Nokia Sony LG HTC Motorola Huawei Microsoft Lenovo Xiaomi Google Acer Asus Oppo OnePlus Meizu BlackBerry Alcatel ZTE Toshiba Vodafone Energizer XOLO Lava Micromax BLU Gionee vivo LeEco Panasonic HP YU verykool Maxwest Plum. Microsoft Lumia 435 Nokia Lumia 630 Dual SIM Allview Impera M. Acer Liquid Z520 Acer Liquid Z220 Acer Liquid Z320 Acer Iconia Talk S Acer Liquid Z6 Plus Acer Liquid Z200. 
CNET también está disponible en español.. This is the Acer Liquid M220, a budget Windows Phone.. Richard Trenholm /. Photo by Sarah Tew / CNET. The phone runs the latest Windows 8.1 software.. Richard Trenholm /. Photo by Sarah Tew / CNET. The back has a dash of personality in this textured case.. Richard Trenholm /. Photo by Sarah Tew / CNET. And around the sides are these raised squares, adding detail to the design.. Richard Trenholm /. Photo by Sarah Tew / CNET. Here's the headphone jack and Micro-USB socket.. Richard Trenholm /. Photo by Sarah Tew / CNET. The textured back makes a funny noise when you scratch it with your fingernail.. Richard Trenholm /. Photo by Sarah Tew / CNET. Acer's very first Windows Phone device, and it will be on sale in Europe this April.. Richard Trenholm /. Photo by Sarah Tew / CNET. Inside that very light frame is a. 1.2GHz dual-core processor with a measly 512MB of RAM.. Richard Trenholm /. Photo by Sarah Tew / CNET. Sadly, the screen can be hard to see when you tip the phone slightly, and it's a bit lost in that vast expanse of black surrounding the display.. Richard Trenholm /. Photo by Sarah Tew / CNET. Acer Liquid M220 is a budget Windows Phone (pictures). 1 of 9. March 1, 2015 2:49 AM PST. MWC 2018: All the phones and gadget... Latest Stories. Alexa lands in more Lenovo Yoga laptops. Alexa lands in more Lenovo Yoga laptops. Samsung Galaxy S9 event: Watch it live here. Samsung Galaxy S9 event: Watch it live here. Sony goes big on cool camera tech with Xperia XZ2 and XZ2 Compact. Sony goes big on cool camera tech with Xperia XZ2 and XZ2 Compact. Apple's moving celebration of marriage equality in new iPhone X ad. Apple's moving celebration of marriage equality in new iPhone X ad. This office supply will clean under keyboard keys in a jiff. This office supply will clean under keyboard keys in a jiff. This concept phone's selfie camera pops up like toast. This concept phone's selfie camera pops up like toast. CNET may earn fees when you click through to a partner site.. 
The smartphone will be available for just $80 outright. Acer Liquid M220 with Windows Phone 8.1 Coming to Microsoft Store in June. Dual-core CPU may not be on everyone's liking. Acer announced the affordable Liquid M220 smartphone powered by Windows Phone back in February during Mobile World Congress (MWC).. The handset is already available in more than 50 countries now, but US customers still can't get it from their county. However, this will change beginning June, as Acer confirmed its Liquid M220 will be available via Microsoft Store in the United States.. Acer has just announced that Liquid M220 will go on sale at Microsoft Store for just $80, which is a decent price for an entry-level smartphone.. Since we already know everything there is to know about Acer's low-end smartphone, here is a highlight of what Acer Liquid M220 has to offer in terms of specs.. First of all, the smartphone sports a rather small 4-inch WVGA capacitive touchscreen display that support 480 x 800 pixels resolution.. On the back, Acer's affordable handset packs a 5-megapixel photo snapper with autofocus, LED flash and video recording, while in the front there's a secondary 2-megapixel camera with fixed-focus.. The main downside of the Liquid M220 is the fact that it's powered by a 1.2GHz dual-core Qualcomm Snapdragon 200, which is a bit low by today's standards.. The good news is the handsets is packed with 1GB of RAM, instead of 512MB which would have made things even worse.. As expected the handset packs only 8GB of internal memory, which can be further expanded up to 32GB via microSD card slot.. Last but not least, Acer Liquid M220 is powered by a replaceable 1,300 mAh battery and offers the usual connectivity options like 3G, Bluetooth 4.0 with EDR, as well as Wi-Fi and GPS with AGPS support.. Although the Liquid M220 ships with Windows Phone 8.1 right out of the box, Acer confirmed that the smartphone is upgradeable to Windows 10 once available.. # Acer Liquid M220 # Microsoft Store # Windows Phone 8.1 # Acer smartphone # Liquid M220. MWC 2015: Acer Liquid Jade Z Is the Lightest 5-Inch LTE Smartphone. MWC 2015: Affordable Acer Liquid Z520 and Z220 with Lollipop Officially Announced. Acer Windows 10 Smartphone Confirmed for MWC 2015. CES 2015: Acer Liquid Z410 Is a Budget Smartphone with 4G LTE and 64-Bit Quad-Core CPU. Huawei’s New Matebook X Pro Makes Apple’s MacBook Looks So Old. Windows Phones Show Up on Microsoft’s Website Out of Nowhere. Samsung’s Attempt to Make Fun of iPhone X Gets Zero Laughs. Full Windows 10 (ARM) Finally Up and Running on Windows Phone. Lenovo Unveils Yoga 730, Yoga 530 Windows 10 Convertibles. Nokia Launches Nokia 8 Sirocco, Android One Phone with iPhone X Price Tag. Banana Phone Nokia 8110 aka the Matrix Phone Is Coming Back. Huawei’s New Matebook X Pro Makes Apple’s MacBook Looks So Old. CellMapper APK: Updated February 26th, 08:24 GMT. PlayMemories Mobile APK: Updated February 26th, 08:14 GMT. Lyft Driver APK: Updated February 26th, 08:04 GMT. PEN.UP APK: Updated February 26th, 07:58 GMT. Boomerang TV APK: Updated February 26th, 07:56 GMT. BlackBerry Hub+ Services APK: Updated February 26th, 07:54 GMT. MileIQ APK: Updated February 26th, 07:49 GMT. Samsung Galaxy S9 Promo Video Leaks Ahead of Official Launch Today. Softpedia® and the Softpedia® logo are registered trademarks of SoftNews NET SRL. 
Sign up for emails and save 10% on your first purchase! Receive Monthly deals and discounts on your favorite home audio products. Be the first to know about new releases and manufacturer specials.. We will not share your email address with anyone.. You have no items in your shopping cart.. Best Home Theater Speakers read more. How to Shop for Electronics and Speakers read more. Which HDMI Cable Do I Need read more. Using a Soundbar to Improve Audio from Your TV read more. Hiding Away Your Audio Equipment in a Closet read more. Hiding Away Your Audio Equipment in a Closet read more. Glossary of Home Theater Terms and Terminology read more. Learn: Home News & Opinion Acer Liquid M220 Smartphone Review. Acer Liquid M220 Front and Rear. Cellular Connectivity: HSPA, GPRS, HSDPA, HSUPA, EDGE. Micro SD Card Capacity: 32 GB. Screen: 4”, 480 x 800 pixels. Cameras: 5 MP main, 2 MP front facing. Battery Runtime: 3 hours talk, 200 hours standby. Acer really got my attention with the Acer Liquid M220. It didn’t have anything to do with mind-blowing hardware specs though. This Windows 8.1 smartphone hits the market at just $80 unlocked. In fact, the Acer Store has it marked down to $49.99, but I’m not sure for how long. It’s compatible with AT&T and T-Mobile networks.. Before taking a closer look at the specifications and features, it seems prudent to set the expectation of what the Acer Liquid M220 is – and isn’t. It’s an entry level smartphone that’s actually quite capable for a variety of functions. Its got basic phone capabilities like you’d expect. It’s also more than capable of running social media apps, email, text messaging, and calendar functions among others. Think of it as a PDA with cellular functions and a built in humanesque personal assistant. What the Acer Liquid M220 isn’t designed to be is a smartphone that is going to run a lot of video and gaming functions. Let’s look more closely at the specifics.. Acer’s entry level smartphone is a slim, lightweight design. The back plastic cover has a texture reminiscent of a thin carbon fiber weave. This works with the textured sides to create a more secure grip. The only buttons are power/wake up and volume adjustments on the right side of the unit. Everything else is controlled through the Windows 8.1 interface. The Micro USB and 3.5 mm input jack are found uncovered on the top.. Textured sides on the Acer Liquid M220 help create a more secure grip. Rounded corners offer a little more protection against minor drops and strikes than hard corners. Overall, the design is very sleek and simple. You’ll likely still want some sort of screen protection, but this phone seems more durable than the more fragile screen-centric phones on the market today.. The Acer Liquid M220 currently runs Windows 8.1, but will support a coming Windows 10 upgrade near the end of the year. Admittedly, I’ve avoided Windows phones in the past. However, I’ve been pleasantly surprised with the Windows Phone experience. Navigating the home screen is easy and snappy. Applications that aren’t on the home screen are found with a swipe to the right hand screen where they are listed alphabetically.. Windows 8.1 becomes a very productive OS when paired with your computer through your Microsoft account.. I’d be remiss if I didn’t mention Cortana. For the uninitiated, Cortana is Windows’ personal assistant solution. It (or she, if you prefer) doesn’t have quite the sense of humor that Siri does when asking silly questions. will tell you a joke, update you on the weather, set reminders and calendar updates, or kick you into a Bing search for anything she. You also can’t immediately get into searches. with a voice command like Google Now or the desktop version of the service. Voice initiation is a function of the Windows 10 operating system on PC, so perhaps we’ll see it in the smartphone update…we hope so.. The screen is a weak spot for the Acer Liquid M220. The 4-inch, 480 x 800 pixel screen lacks the resolution needed to really enjoy video playback to its fullest. It also suffers from significant pixel. It’s fine for viewing still pictures and Internet browsing, though. And given the processor and specs for this phone, that should be the goal of the design. As you can see in the picture below, off angle viewing is tough as is trying to navigate in sunlight.. Touch screen functions are reasonably accurate so far. Typing is accomplished by either letter by letter typing or swipe methods. I occasionally have to to tap twice, but the majority of the time I had. no issues with typing or navigation.. The Acer Liquid M220 Windows phone has both front facing and back panel. The 5 megapixel main camera isn’t going to win any photography contests, but it’s certainly good enough to snap pictures to update social media. It also includes tap to focus technology. The front facing camera is 2 megapixels. It’ll work for Skype calls and selfies. Selfies may be lacking in quality though—particularly when there isn’t a lot of light. Shooting video is possible, but again, this isn’t. For a basic smartphone, the Acer Liquid M220 really isn’t bad—particularly given the low cost of entry. It was only a couple of years ago that smartphones with these specs would have cost several hundred dollars. A 1.2 gigahertz dual core processor is supported by 1 gigabyte of RAM and 8 gigabytes of internal memory storage. While that’s not much internal storage, the 220 can also support. up to an additional 32 gigabytes on a micro SD card.. The Acer Liquid M220 is a great starter phone before moving into midrange devices like the Acer Jade Z (check back for our review). At the current price of just under $50, it’s a great buy as a backup phone, even if you don’t need one at the moment. While it lacks today’s top end horsepower, it is more than capable of keeping up with basic functions.. The biggest limitation may be that the Acer Liquid M220 is a Windows phone. That makes it severely limited on the apps you’ll be able to load. This can go both ways, though. Connecting through your Microsoft account to streamline your smartphone and computer is the kind of system functionality praised by Apple iPhone users. Cortana has some growing up to do before it catches up to Siri, but it’s a big boost for the OS. The fact that I’m not distracted by the latest time-zapping game yet connected to my accounts for productivity is a feature I’ve come to appreciate.. Acer Aspire V15 Nitro Black Edition Laptop Review Personal Cloud Storage with Netgear ReadyNAS RN202 Bluetooth Smart Technology Tabletop Radios and iPod Speakers: the Good, Bad and Ugly Bluetooth Home Theater and Whole Home Applications Using AirPlay on Your iOS Device. An avid endurance athlete, Kenny has competed in triathlons (he's an Ironman) and various other fitness activities. Still, his passions lie with his faith, family, friends, and now—his growing love for well-designed A/V products and power tools. You'll often find Kenny chatting up engineers and product managers at media events to better understand the technology behind the products.. Leave a Comment Cancel reply. Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *. Acer Liquid Jade Z Review Acer Aspire E5 Laptop Review Acer Aspire R 13 Laptop Review Acer Aspire V15 Nitro Black Edition Laptop Review. Watch 4K HDR Winter Olympics on DISH. OWC Thunderbolt 3 Dock Review for MacBook or iMac. Elite Screens Aeon AUHD Perforated Projector Screen Review. 4K College Football on DISH Hopper 3. Copyright © 1998-2015 WVP - Audioholics Store, LLC. Site Developed by The Plum Tree Group .. 
110% Low Price Guarantee + 90-Day Returns. All of your information is secured and transmitted utilizing the highest level of Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) encryption. Other Brands Acer Liquid M220 - Phone Cables. Alcatel Fierce 4 - TPU Case, Clear. Check Out Our Other Styles Below. Other Brands Acer Liquid M220 -Cellet 9FT. Braided Rugged Micro USB Cable, Black. 9ft heavy duty braided cable with premium metallic housing. Sync/transfer files to and from your computer from your device. Charge your device via AC adapter (sold separately). Slim micro USB connector housing fits most phone cases. Other Brands Acer Liquid M220 -Micro USB Cable, White. Micro USB to USB charging data cable. Other Brands Acer Liquid M220 -Micro 6ft USB Cable, Black. Micro USB to USB charging data cable. Other Brands Acer Liquid M220 -Micro 3ft USB Cable, Black. Micro USB to USB charging data cable. Other Brands Acer Liquid M220 -Micro USB Female to Reversible USB Type-C Male Adapter, Black. Female micro USB adapter is compatible with all male micro USB cables. Reversible USB Type-C design can be inserted in any orientation. Other Brands Acer Liquid M220 -Checkered Micro USB Charge and Sync Nylon Cable, Gray. Other Brands Acer Liquid M220 -Micro 3ft USB Charge & Sync Cable, Purple. Micro USB to USB Charge & Sync Cable. Connect your {brand-model} to a Mac or Windows PC. Cable Type: Dock Connector to USB. Color: Purple (color tone may vary). Other Brands Acer Liquid M220 -Braided Rugged Micro USB Charge and Sync Nylon Cable, Gold. Other Brands Acer Liquid M220 -Braided Rugged Micro USB Charge and Sync Nylon Cable, Black. Other Brands Acer Liquid M220 -Micro 3ft USB Charge & Sync Cable, Pink. Micro USB to USB Charge & Sync Cable. Connect your {brand-model} to a Mac or Windows PC. Cable Type: Dock Connector to USB. Other Brands Acer Liquid M220 -Metal Heavy Duty Micro USB Charge and Sync Cable, Silver. Other Brands Acer Liquid M220 -Charge & Sync Micro USB Flat Cable Keychain, Hot Pink. Other Brands Acer Liquid M220 -Braided Rugged Micro USB Charge and Sync Nylon Cable, Rose Gold. Other Brands Acer Liquid M220 -Micro 3ft USB Charge & Sync Cable, White. Micro USB to USB Charge & Sync Cable. Connect your {brand-model} to a Mac or Windows PC. Cable Type: Dock Connector to USB. Other Brands Acer Liquid M220 -Snakeskin Inspired Micro USB Charge and Sync Cable, Blue. Other Brands Acer Liquid M220 -Charge & Sync Micro USB Flat Cable Keychain, White. Other Brands Acer Liquid M220 -Braided Rugged Micro USB Charge and Sync Nylon Cable, Space Gray. Other Brands Acer Liquid M220 -3ft Cellet Micro USB Cable, Black. Made of durable materials with premium metallic connector housing to withstand everyday wear and tear. Sync/transfer files to and from your computer from your device. Charge your device via power adapter (sold separately) or computer. Fits any device with a built-in micro USB port (most smartphones, Android, hard drives, printers and more). Other Brands Acer Liquid M220 -Micro USB Female to Reversible USB Type-C Male Adapter, White. Female micro USB adapter is compatible with all male micro USB cables. Reversible USB Type-C design can be inserted in any orientation. Other Brands Acer Liquid M220 -Micro 3ft USB Charge & Sync Cable, Red. Micro USB to USB Charge & Sync Cable. Connect your {brand-model} to a Mac or Windows PC. Cable Type: Dock Connector to USB. Other Brands Acer Liquid M220 -Checkered Micro USB Charge and Sync Nylon Cable, White. Other Brands Acer Liquid M220 -Micro 3ft USB Charge & Sync Cable, Lavender. Micro USB to USB Charge & Sync Cable. Connect your {brand-model} to a Mac or Windows PC. Cable Type: Dock Connector to USB. Color: Lavender (color tone may vary). Other Brands Acer Liquid M220 -Vegan Leather Portable Micro USB Charge and Sync Cable Keychain, Black. Other Brands Acer Liquid M220 -Charge & Sync Micro USB Flat Cable Keychain, Blue. Other Brands Acer Liquid M220 -MHL 6' 6" Micro USB to HDMI Adapter & USB 2.0 Cable. Enjoy your favorite shows, movies, and games on a television screen. Turns your phone’s micro USB port into a standard HDMI cable. Transfers video and audio to a high definition television set. 3 connectors: microUSB (in), HDMI (out), and USB 2.0 (power). USB 2.0 connector included to charge your device. Other Brands Acer Liquid M220 -Charge & Sync Micro USB Flat Cable Keychain, Black. Other Brands Acer Liquid M220 -Cellet 5FT. Long Tip Micro USB Cable, Black. Extra-long 8mm micro USB connector for devices with recessed micro USB ports. Charge your device via power adapter (sold separately) or computer. Slim micro USB connector housing fits most phone cases. Other Brands Acer Liquid M220 -LED Color Changing Micro USB Cable, Red. Other Brands Acer Liquid M220 -Cellet 5ft LED Micro USB Cable, Black. LED indicator light makes it easy to find in the dark. Velcro straps keeps cable bundled and organized. Use with any wall adapter or computer to charge. Syncs and transfers files to computer. Other Brands Acer Liquid M220 -Vegan Leather Portable Micro USB Charge and Sync Cable Keychain, Red. Other Brands Acer Liquid M220 -Snakeskin Inspired Micro USB Charge and Sync Cable, Brown. Other Brands Acer Liquid M220 -Micro 3ft USB Charge & Sync Cable, Yellow. Micro USB to USB Charge & Sync Cable. Connect your {brand-model} to a Mac or Windows PC. Cable Type: Dock Connector to USB. Other Brands Acer Liquid M220 -Denim Micro USB Charge and Sync Cable, Brown. Other Brands Acer Liquid M220 -Charge & Sync Micro USB Flat Cable Keychain, Lime Green. Other Brands Acer Liquid M220 -Cellet 5FT. Sync / transfer files at 480Mbps high speed. Charge your device via power adapter (sold separately) or computer. Slim micro USB connector housing fits most phone cases. Other Brands Acer Liquid M220 -Micro 3ft USB Charge & Sync Cable, Light Blue. Micro USB to USB Charge & Sync Cable. Connect your {brand-model} to a Mac or Windows PC. Cable Type: Dock Connector to USB. 
Home >> Phones >> Acer >>Liquid M220. Place : Chennai Delhi Kolkata Mumbai. Acer Liquid M220 is the company's first Windows Phone 8.1 Smartphone. It comes with 1.2 GHz Dual Core Processor and 5 MP Auto focus Camera.. - 1.2 GHz Dual Core Processor. - 4 Inch WVGA Touch Screen Display. - 5 MP Rear Camera With LED Flash. Disclaimer: We cannot guarantee that the info on this page is 100% correct. Please contact us support@fonearena.com incase you find a mistake. Acer Liquid M220 User Reviews and Opinions. Post you reviews and thoughts about this phone below. Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Please dont abuse anyone and please make sure your comments are decent and don't use bad language.. All Rights Reserved.Text, images and all other content on this site may not be copied or republished in any way without formal permission.Phone Images are a property of the respective Manufacturer and may not be tampered with in any way. 
