GSM 850 / 900 / 1800 / 1900 - SIM 1 & SIM 2. 140.5 x 69 x 7.5 mm (5.53 x 2.72 x 0.30 in). Hybrid Dual SIM (Micro-SIM, dual stand-by). IPS LCD capacitive touchscreen, 16M colors. 5.0 inches, 68.9 cm 2 (~71.1% screen-to-body ratio). 720 x 1280 pixels, 16:9 ratio (~294 ppi density). microSD, up to 32 GB (uses SIM 2 slot). 8 GB, 1 GB RAM - Liquid Jade 16 GB, 2 GB RAM - Liquid Jade Plus. SMS (threaded view), MMS, Email, Push Email. We can not guarantee that the information on this page is 100% correct. Acer Liquid Jade - user opinions and reviews. How do I get rid of this constant problem of the SD card and SIM card removing themselves and reinstalling? It causes me to want to drop Acer phones altogether. Hi, i have the same problem. Samsung Apple Nokia Sony LG HTC Motorola Huawei Microsoft Lenovo Xiaomi Google Acer Asus Oppo OnePlus Meizu BlackBerry Alcatel ZTE Toshiba Vodafone Energizer XOLO Lava Micromax BLU Gionee vivo LeEco Panasonic HP YU verykool Maxwest Plum. Acer, Lenovo, Prestigio, Alcatel & more hands-on. Acer Liquid E700 Coolpad Modena Acer Liquid E3 Acer Liquid Jade S Acer Liquid Z520 LG G2. Acer Liquid Z520 Acer Liquid Z220 Acer Liquid Z320 Acer Iconia Talk S Acer Liquid Z6 Plus Acer Liquid Z200. 
Press enter or click on the search icon. What is the Acer Liquid Jade?. Acer is better known for its computing hardware, but the Liquid Jade is nonetheless a formidable entry to the mid-range smartphone market.. It’s aimed at budget-conscious users who want a reliable Android handset that’ll handle daily business without much trouble. We’d say it does a good job.. The handset was first announced back in June last year, which means it’s getting on a bit now. However, it’s worth bearing in mind that, although it launched at £229, you can pick one up now for under £150 from select retailers.. The Acer Liquid Jade won’t make your mates green-eyed with envy, but it’s certainly a trusty smartphone that won’t break the bank.. The Acer Liquid Jade isn’t the most gorgeous handset on the mid-range market, but it gets a lot of things right.. The body of the phone is almost entirely black, save for a metal-trim edge – this gives the Liquid Jade a bit of much-needed character. The bezel is particularly narrow on either side of the 5-inch screen, which makes the display look rather large and impressive.. The top and bottom parts of the bezel are more pronounced however – about half an inch each, roughly. The bottom of the bezel hosts a silvery ‘Acer’ logo, while the top houses a small, circular speaker grille, a camera, and a notification light on the right-hand side.. The handset is built from glossy plastic, which we weren’t so keen on. It makes the phone feel cheap, and the back picks up finger grease far too easily. Not one for fried-food enthusiasts, perhaps? The upside of the plastic chassis is that the phone is very light – 110g to be exact. The Motorola Moto G (2014) weighs 149g, by comparison.. The back of the phone is slightly curved, which sits well in the hand. The rear-facing camera protrudes, which we found to be a neat design choice for a budget smartphone.. The Micro USB port is on the base, and is open and accessible – no cover flaps here. There’s a headphone jack on the top that sits next to the power button. The dual SIM card slot – a nice addition – and microSD slot are on the left of the device, and the volume rocker is on the upper right-hand side.. Acer sells the Liquid Jade in four colours – black, grey, green, and white. We tried the black one, but its fingerprint-magnet rear would nudge us toward the white version if we had to choose.. SEE ALSO: Best Cheap Smartphones. Acer went for a 5-inch display on the Liquid Jade, which we think was a great choice. That sort of display size will suit most users, and is big enough to make reading, gaming, and video playback enjoyable. The display uses a 720p IPS panel, which gives it away as a budget smartphone. It’s plenty bright and displays colours accurately however, so there’s not much to complain about here.. Get news, competitions and special offers direct to your inbox. By submitting your information, you agree to the Terms & Conditions and Privacy & Cookies Policy .. Please keep me up to date with special offers and news from Trusted Reviews and other brands within the Time Inc. You can unsubscribe at any time.. We'd also like to send you special offers and news just by email from other carefully selected companies we think you might like. Your personal details will not be shared with those companies - we send the emails and you can unsubscribe at any time. Please tick here if you are happy to receive these messages.. Terms & Conditions and Privacy & Cookies Policy. The display is also coated in Corning’s hardy Gorilla Glass 3. It’s not the newest version of Gorilla Glass, but it’ll keep the Liquid Jade’s screen intact in the event of minor bumps and falls.. Trusted Reviews is part of Time Inc. (UK) Ltd Fashion & Beauty Network. 
Home Shop MWC News Reviews Features Opinions Videos The Gadgets 360 Show Cell Guru Prime Tech Smartphone Reviews Tech and Gadget Reviews How-To Videos Video Game Reviews and Features Top Lists by Gadgets 360 Unboxing and Hands-On Videos Podcasts Compare Mobiles Phone Finder DEALS. Mobiles Tablets Apps Gaming Cameras PC/Laptops AUDIO/VIDEO How To Telecom Science INDIA INTERNET SOCIAL MEDIA WEARABLES हिंदी. Acer Adcom Alcatel Apple Archos Asus BlackBerry Blu Celkon Coolpad Datawind Fly Gionee HTC Huawei iBall iBerry Idea InFocus Intex iVoomi Jivi Karbonn Lava LeEco Lenovo LG Lyf Maxx Mobile Meizu Micromax Microsoft Motorola MTS Nokia Obi Oppo Panasonic Philips Ringing Bells Samsung Sony Spice Swipe Videocon Vivo Wickedleak Xiaomi Xolo Yu Zen Ziox Zopo ZTE. Home Mobiles Phone Finder Acer Liquid Jade. SPECIFICATIONS USER REVIEWS NEWS. Share on Facebook Tweet Share Share Email Reddit. Acer Liquid Jade smartphone was launched in December 2014. The phone comes with a 5.00-inch touchscreen display with a resolution of 720 pixels by 1280 pixels. Acer Liquid Jade price in India starts from Rs. The Acer Liquid Jade is powered by 1.3GHz quad-core MediaTek processor and it comes with 2GB of RAM. The phone packs 16GB of internal storage that can be expanded up to 32GB via a microSD card. As far as the cameras are concerned, the Acer Liquid Jade packs a 13-megapixel primary camera on the rear and a 2-megapixel front shooter for selfies. The Acer Liquid Jade runs Android 4.4 and is powered by a 2100mAh non removable battery. It measures 140.50 x 69.00 x 7.50 (height x width x thickness). The Acer Liquid Jade is a dual SIM (GSM and GSM) smartphone that accepts Regular and Regular. Connectivity options include Wi-Fi, GPS, Bluetooth and 3G. Sensors on the phone include Compass Magnetometer, Proximity sensor, Accelerometer and Ambient light sensor.. KEY SPECS NEWS Price in india. Acer Liquid Jade and Liquid E700 With Android 4.4 KitKat Launched in India. Acer Liquid Jade Smartphone and Liquid Leap Smartband Unveiled Ahead of Computex. More Acer mobiles Acer mobiles price in India. Acer Liquid Jade Price in India Liquid Jade (Black, 16GB) Rs. 6,999 Liquid Jade (White, 16GB) Rs. Release date December 2014 Form factor Touchscreen Dimensions (mm) 140.50 x 69.00 x 7.50 Battery capacity (mAh) 2100 Removable battery No. Screen size (inches) 5.00 Touchscreen Yes Resolution 720x1280 pixels. Processor 1.3GHz quad-core Processor make MediaTek RAM 2GB Internal storage 16GB Expandable storage Yes Expandable storage type microSD Expandable storage up to (GB) 32. Rear camera 13-megapixel Rear Flash LED Front camera 2-megapixel. Wi-Fi Yes Wi-Fi standards supported 802.11 b/g/n GPS Yes Bluetooth Yes NFC No Infrared No USB OTG No Headphones 3.5mm FM No Number of SIMs 2 SIM 1 SIM Type Regular GSM/CDMA GSM 3G Yes 4G/ LTE No Supports 4G in India (Band 40) No SIM 2 SIM Type Regular GSM/CDMA GSM 3G Yes 4G/ LTE No Supports 4G in India (Band 40) No. Compass/ Magnetometer Yes Proximity sensor Yes Accelerometer Yes Ambient light sensor Yes Gyroscope No Barometer No Temperature sensor No. Error or missing information? Please let us know. User ratings and reviews for Acer Liquid Jade. 5 Out of 5. 5 Star 1 4 Star 3 Star 2 Star 1 Star. Displaying review(s) 1- 1 of 1 Sort by: Most Helpful Most Recent. By Janani Swapna | 14 Jan 2015. Acer Liquid Jade is a mid-range phone but not low in performance in any way. The design is beautiful and is a very lightweight. It sits pretty well in hand, but for the price of Rs 12k for the camera or the layer of personalization, it makes competing phones like the Motorola Moto G run for their money.. From the overall appearance and specifications are carried, the presence of Liquid Jade obviously intended for those who want to look cool at the same time without having to spend a sophisticated deep. Fashionable design and performance is quite good.. Was this review helpful? Yes No. Acer Liquid Jade and Liquid E700 With Android 4.4 KitKat Launched in India. Acer Liquid Jade Smartphone and Liquid Leap Smartband Unveiled Ahead of Computex. Acer Liquid Z6 Plus Acer Liquid Z6 Acer Liquid Zest Plus Acer Liquid Zest 4G Acer Liquid Zest Acer Liquid Jade 2 Acer Liquid Jade Primo Acer Liquid Z630s Acer Liquid Z630 Acer Liquid Z530S Acer Liquid Z530 Acer Liquid M330 Acer Liquid Z330 Acer Liquid M320 Acer Liquid Z320 Acer Liquid Z520 Acer Liquid Jade Z Acer Liquid Z220 Acer Liquid M220 Acer Liquid Z410 Acer Liquid Jade S Acer Liquid Z500 Acer Liquid Z200 Acer Liquid E600 Acer Liquid E700 Acer Liquid X1 Acer Liquid Z4 Acer Liquid E3 Acer Liquid Z5. Acer Liquid Jade Acer Liquid Jade vs. Huawei G300 Samsung Galaxy Ace 4 vs. Samsung Galaxy S5 Motorola Moto E Gen 2 4g vs. Acer Liquid Jade Acer Liquid Jade S vs. Acer Liquid Jade Acer Liquid Jade vs. Asus Zenfone 6 Acer Liquid Z630s vs. Acer Liquid Jade Acer Liquid Jade vs. Samsung Galaxy S4 Mini Acer Liquid Jade vs. Apple iPhone 5C Acer Liquid Jade vs. PCs and Laptops at CES 2016. Nokia 7 Plus Is an Android One Phone With Dual Rear Cameras, Zeiss Optics Samsung Galaxy S9, Galaxy S9+ With Improved Cameras, AR Emoji Launched Samsung Galaxy S9, Galaxy S9+ Pre-Orders Now Open in India Nokia 7 Plus vs Nokia 7 Nokia 8110 4G Is a 'Slider' Feature Phone With Google, Facebook Apps Sony Unveils Xperia Ear Duo to Answer Apple AirPods, Samsung Gear IconX OnePlus 5, OnePlus 5T HD Content Streaming Issue Fixed, With a Catch Vodafone to Offer 4.5GB Data Per Day for 28 Days at Rs. 799: Report Nokia 8 Sirocco With Dual Cameras, Stainless Steel Frame Launched at MWC Sony Xperia XZ2, Xperia XZ2 Compact With 18:9 Displays Launched at MWC. Samsung phones price list Lyf phones price list Micromax phones price list Sony phones price list Htc phones price list Lenovo phones price list Intex phones price list Lava phones price list Apple phones price list Nokia phones price list Xolo phones price list Lg phones price list Vivo phones price list Oppo phones price list Gionee phones price list Motorola phones price list Blackberry phones price list Xiaomi phones price list. Sitemaps Archives Advertise About Us Feedback Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions Complaint Redressal Careers Contact Us RSS Ethics Acer Liquid Jade in Hindi. © Copyright Red Pixels Ventures Limited 2018. Subject Comments. 
The source for Tech Buying Advice. More Car Tech. Tech deals, prizes and latest news. Acer's best phone yet, at a mid-range price point. The Liquid Jade is the best phone yet from Acer, with a capable camera and a decent design, but it doesn't really offer enough to be able to rise above the slew of phones already at this mid-range price point.. Better known for its affordable laptops, tablets and other gadgetry, Acer seems keen to stake out some ground in the budget-to-mid-range smartphone market too.. It's the first phone we've seen from the Taiwanese firm since the ultra-cheap Liquid Z4 and the slightly dearer Liquid E3 appeared in February, but there are more affordable Acer handsets on the way.. The sticker price for an unlocked Acer Liquid Jade stands at £229 (around $360, AU$400), though you can probably better this online; as yet there are no details of what you can expect to pay on contract, or even if it will be available through the usual operator channels at all.. That puts it firmly in the mid-range, substantially cheaper than the big hitters (such as the Samsung Galaxy S5 ) but a step above the budget models (such as the Motorola Moto E ).. It's going up directly against the likes of the Sony Xperia M2 and the Motorola Moto G - and that means the phone has a tough fight on its hands.. It's the best-looking Acer smartphone to see the light of day so far, we'll give it that much. The Acer Liquid Jade is something of an oddity in many ways: it looks unlikely to make it to the States and in Asia it comes as a pair with the Leap smartband .. The Liquid Jade offers some unusual features like dual SIM capabilities and a whopping 13-megapixel camera but cuts back in other areas — there's no 4G support here, for example, which is a shame as the high-speed data network rolls out across the country.. The key question is: has Acer done enough to make the Liquid Jade stand out in a crowded mid-range field? Or is it another handset destined to sink without trace outside of Asia?. You're not going to hear any sharp intakes of breath when you take out the Acer Liquid Jade in company, but then you're not going to be embarrassed to have it on show either. It's a neatly designed, light, 5-inch handset with a faux-metal trim around the edges, and it's functional without being spectacular (something of a running theme for this phone).. I like 5-inch screens - for me they hit the sweet spot for a large-ish display that you can still just about use with one hand - but the 720 x 1280 IPS display gives the game away that this isn't a premium handset.. With a 294ppi resolution it's crisp and bright in use, but it's one of the corners that have been cut to get to this price. There's space for two SIMs if you're busy living a dual identity. The handset measures 140.5mm x 69mm x 7.5mm (5.53in x 2.72in x 0.30in) and weighs in at a very light 110g (5.64 oz) - that's 20g lighter than the Nexus 5 I usually carry around with me. It's difficult to fault the design, though it feels a little cheap and is very plasticky (which means fingerprints can be a problem on the back).. It feels comfortable and well built when held and the protruding camera lens around the back isn't really a problem. The micro USB port sits on the base, with the headphone socket on top together with the power button; the dual-SIM card and microSD card slots are on the left with the volume controls in the usual position on the right.. The camera lens protrudes slightly from the back but it's not a massive problem. That microSD card slot certainly helps: there's only 8GB of on-board storage, presumably another corner-cutting tactic to keep the price down.. Black, grey, green and white options are shown on Acer's website but it was the black one I had in to test for this review.. What's most notable about the Acer Liquid Jade is that there's very little of note about it. The dual-SIM capability seems a novelty more than anything else and most of the rest of the handset's specs are par for the course. If you were wanting to pick out the phone's highlights (or indeed lowlights) then you'd be struggling for material.. Perhaps the biggest eyebrow raiser is that 13MP camera - megapixels are by no means everything, of course, but that's a step above most other handsets out there (even the iPhone 6 settles for an 8MP snapper). More on the camera later in this review, but it's worth pointing out here.. The 13MP camera is a cut above most other phones in this area of the market. The price could be another distinguishing feature of the Acer Liquid Jade, but while you could label it as affordable, a £200 outlay is still significant. Considering it's up against the very good value Moto G, the Liquid Jade doesn't quite look cheap enough (though to be fair it's thinner and lighter than the Motorola handset).. There's a glut of mid-range Android and Windows Phone models on the market and the Acer Liquid Jade hasn't got the features to make it stand out from the pack.. The battery life can swing from pretty average to pretty impressive, as I'll explain shortly, but this can vary from user to user and it's not really enough to tip the balance significantly.. The Acer Liquid Jade is a phone that does well in most areas - design, camera, battery life, software, price - without really getting you up out of your seat.. Next Page Interface, performance and battery. You can unsubscribe at any time and we'll never share your details without your permission.. Get the best tech deals, reviews, product advice, competitions, unmissable tech news and more!. 1 Samsung Galaxy S9 release date, price, news and features. 2 Samsung Galaxy S9 launch: as it happened. 3 Samsung Galaxy S9 live stream: how to watch today's big launch event. 4 How to watch Arsenal v Man City live stream online for the Carabao Cup final NOW. 5 MWC 2018: All the latest news from the show. 2 Samsung Galaxy S9 Plus review. 3 Samsung Galaxy S9 release date, price, news and features. 4 Samsung Galaxy S9 launch: as it happened. 5 BlackBerry: 'we understand we are not for everyone' but 'we're here to stay'. TechRadar is part of Future plc, an international media group and leading digital publisher. England and Wales company registration number 2008885.. 
Identify your Acer product and we will provide you with downloads, support articles and other online support resources that will help you get the most out of your Acer product.. Windows 10 is now available for eligible devices. Model Name: Liquid Jade S55 (Black). Every aspect of the Acer Liquid Jade smartphone was artistically designed. Curved surfaces all the way around the Liquid Jade provide an elegant look and feel. The ultra-thin case houses an amazing camera as well as a brilliant display to ensure everything you see and capture is as bright as real life.. 13 MP, with LED flash light. Talk time: Up to 5 hours. Standby time: Up to 330 hours. 140.50 mm x 69 mm x 7.50 mm. Ambient Light Sensor, Accelerometer, Proximity sensor, eCompass. Liquid Jade Smartphone USB Cable HeadSet. All brands and product names mentioned herein include trademarks of their respective companies and are used solely to describe or identify products. Available memory will be less than total memory because of memory used by the operating system, applications and software updates.. Prices and Specifications are subject to change without notice.. Be the first to know about the latest products, exclusives and offers from Acer.. Sorry, this email address has already been registered.. To register a device, please complete your Acer ID here. By signing up, I accept the terms of Acer's Privacy Policy. This website is best viewed using Internet Explorer 9 , Chrome , Safari and newer browsers.. Compare max 3 models within the same category. 
We would like to send you awesome offers!. Notifications can be turned off anytime from settings.. Sorry!! No result found for "OK".Please press enter for search.. If you are a new user. Please refresh the page and try again.. Please refresh the page and try again.. New product price is lower than exchange product price. Please check the updated No Cost EMI details on the payment page. Exchange offer is not applicable with this product. Exchange Offer cannot be clubbed with Bajaj Finserv for this product. Product price & seller has been updated as per Bajaj Finserv EMI option. Your item has been added to Shortlist.. Your Item has been added to Shopping List. Remove below items from the cart. Return form will be sent to your email Id:. Want this item in next 24 hours?. Get an instant SMS with a link to download the Snapdeal App. Please Enter a Valid 10 Digit Number.. Yes, Send Me A Link To The App. Sorry! This item has been discontinued.. You have reached the maximum number of selection. You can select only upto 4 items to compare.. You have already selected this product.. You selected EMI of for months Change. No Cost EMI of Zero Emi Vendor applied on the product. (4) Offers | Applicable on cart. 10% instant discount on Axis bank Credit and Debit cards. Get 5% Cashback on All Transactions Using HDFC Bank Rewards Debit Card. Get 5X Reward Points Using HDFC Bank Credit Cards. Get 5% instant discount + 10X rewards using Snapdeal HDFC Bank Credit Card. Dial *#06# to get your IMEI Number. In case of device support issues, try new Snapdeal App. Exchange device should not be broken & it should be in working condition.. Try new Snapdeal App for higher exchange discount. Exchange device should not be broken & it should be in working condition.. 2 GB RAM and 16 GB ROM. 13 MP Rear Camera and 1.8 MP Front. Handset, Charger, User Manual & Warranty Card. GSM 850 / 900 / 1800 / 1900. GSM 850 / 900 / 1800 / 1900 / 2100. Quad-core 1.3 GHz Cortex-A7 / Mediatek MT6582. Corning Gorilla Glass 3, IPS LCD capacitive touchscreen, 16M colors. 140.5 x 69 x 7.5 mm (5.53 x 2.72 x 0.30 in). Express your style with creative features of Acer Liquid Jade smartphone. Having beautifully designed curved corners and metallic frame, it exudes unmatched elegance and class. Its 7.5 mm thin and weighs just 110 grams which make it easily portable for every day usage. You can click amazing photos with its 13 megapixel auto focus camera with f/1.8 aperture whereas the 2 megapixel front camera enables you to click beautiful selfies. You can merge videos and images in this superb device and also choose from a variety of camera modes to set the perfect exposure. This Acer phone offers quick control through its unique user interface. This smartphone has 5 inch IPS HD screen that provides vivid view of images and exceptional brightness to enhance your viewing experience. It has Gorilla Glass 3 surface that protects the display from everyday knocks and bumps. Its 1.3 GHz quad-core processor ensures super-fast processing whereas Android 4.4 OS allows you to access thousands of applications. You can buy this amazing device from Snapdeal.com with 1 year Company warranty at lowest possible price.. 5 Inch HD IPS Display with Gorilla Glass 3. Acer Jade smartphone provides clear and bright view of image outputs for an enhanced viewing experience. It has 5 inch large HD display with IPS technology that renders resolution of 1080 x 720 pixels. This touchscreen is made with Gorilla Glass 3 which ensures high durability.. 13 MP Rear Camera with f/1.8 aperture & LED Flash. Click images with a professional touch with Acer Jade smartphone. It is equipped with 13 MP rear camera having f/1.8 aperture. You can take amazing pictures in low light using LED flash of this camera. There are various shooting modes available on this camera such as Bright Magic, Panorama, HDR, Multi-view angle and more. You can also control exposure settings to adjust the frame as per your requirement and snap awe-aspiring images.. Capture selfies with your friends with more background in frame with 2 megapixel camera of this device. You can also make video calls using this front facing camera. For changing camera settings, simply tap right and Quick Menu will appear to assist you.. You can combine photo and video in one view on Acer Jade smartphone. Unleash your creativity and edit multi-media to give it a professional touch.. Turn on Bright Magic feature on this Acer device to get brighter photos in low light. It takes 6 images in a row and combines it to provide a single brighter photo.. You can monitor the performance of Acer Jade smartphone using System Doctor application. A simple touch will wipe out unnecessary processes and clean cache thereby increasing the phone’s performance levels.. You can browse internet applications at a fast speed on Acer Jade smartphone as it features 1.3 GHz quad-core processor. It allows you to open multiple apps at once and navigate smoothly without facing any delay in response time.. Download a variety of applications on Acer Jade smartphone to make your life simpler. It comes with Android 4.4 OS that gives you access to multiple applications. 2 GB RAM boosts the performance levels of this device and makes it more responsive.. This Acer mobile phone comes with 8 integrated applications that make work simple for you. It has float apps such as Text, Smartwatch, Maps, Notes, Calculator etc. that give you quick access to perform work faster. Float Buttons enables you to operate this device with one hand easily.. You can store large number of images, videos, documents etc. It has 16 GB internal memory that enables you to keep data handy for instant access.. Acer smartphone gives you long hours of talk time. Its 2100 mAh battery allows you to watch videos, surf web and do a lot more endlessly for a long period of time.. Buy Acer Jade Smartphone from Snapdeal.com and get 1 year Company warranty on the product. This warranty stands against any manufacturing defect that occurs in the device for a year from the date of purchase. In case of a problem, simply contact any Acer authorized service centre across India to get the device repaired for free.. The images represent actual product though color of the image and product may slightly differ.. For warranty-related claims, please contact the brand service centre.. Was this information helpful to you?. Thank You for submitting your response.. More Mobile Phones From Acer. Got a question? Look no further.. Browse our FAQs or submit your query here.. Download the app and get exciting. app only offers at your fingertips. Please enter a valid email address.. Register now to get updates on promotions and. About Snapdeal – India’s Ultimate Online Shopping Site. Snapdeal’s vision is to create India’s most reliable and frictionless commerce ecosystem that creates life-changing experiences for buyers and sellers. In February 2010, Kunal Bahl along with Rohit Bansal, started Snapdeal.com - India’s largest online shopping marketplace, with the widest assortment of 35 million plus products across 800 plus diverse categories from over 125,000 regional, national, and international brands and retailers. With millions of users and more than 300,000 sellers, Snapdeal is the online shopping site for Internet users across the country, delivering to 6000+ cities and towns in India. In its journey till now, Snapdeal has partnered with several global marquee investors and individuals such as SoftBank, BlackRock, Temasek, Foxconn, Alibaba, eBay Inc., Premji Invest, Intel Capital, Bessemer Venture Partners, Mr. Online Shopping – A Boon The trend of online shopping is becoming a household name and so is Snapdeal. Snapdeal is the preferred choice of hundreds of thousands of online shoppers given its mammoth assortment of 15 million+ products, quick delivery even to the remotest corners of the country, and daily deals, discounts & offers to make products available at slashed down prices to our valuable customers. Get Started! Shop Online Today at Snapdeal If you have been missing out on all the fun of online shopping thinking it requires one to be a technology aficionado then we have good news for you. Shopping online particularly at Snapdeal is a child’s play; all you need is a mobile phone or laptop or tablet with Internet connection to get started. Simply log into Snapdeal.com and browse through the wide assortment of products across categories. Once you have zeroed in on your favorite products, simply place the order by filling in the details; the products will be delivered right at your doorstep. Fulfill Your Entrepreneurial Dreams! Sell Today at Snapdeal Thanks to easy-to-understand, flexible policies and SD Advisors to help sellers at each step, anyone from a manufacturer to wholesaler to retailer can sell on Snapdeal. Begin your entrepreneurial journey with Snapdeal as a seller by filling a simple registration form here. Once the registration process is done, you can start selling your products to the entire country by sitting at your home or office. Doesn't it sound thrilling? Of course, it is and the excitement will build up with every order you receive! Start selling at Snapdeal today and see your business reach staggering heights. Shop on the Go – Install Snapdeal App Today! You can shop for your favourite products at Snapdeal even on the go using Snapdeal App. Available for both Android and Apple users, the app can be downloaded from Google Play Store and Apple App Store respectively. The app is quick, user-friendly, and enables shoppers buy products with a breeze. What's more, get timely notifications on your phone or tablet so that you don't miss amazing deals and offers. Download the app right now and experience how fun it is to shop on your mobile!. Copyright © 2017, Jasper Infotech Private Limited. 
Enter the characters you see below. Sorry, we just need to make sure you're not a robot. For best results, please make sure your browser is accepting cookies.. Type the characters you see in this image:. 
more ... more .... more ... more .... Acer Liquid Jade Primo vs Microsoft Lumia 650 Size compare. Device type Smart phone Smart phone. OS Windows (10 Mobile) Windows (10 Mobile). Dimensions 6.17 x 3.02 x 0.33 inches (156.6 x 76.8 x 8.5 mm) 5.59 x 2.79 x 0.27 inches (142 x 70.9 x 6.9 mm). Weight 5.29 oz (150 g) the average is 5.6 oz (159 g) 4.30 oz (122 g) the average is 5.6 oz (159 g). Physical size 5.5 inches 5.0 inches. Resolution 1080 x 1920 pixels 720 x 1280 pixels. Features Scratch-resistant glass (Corning Gorilla Glass), Ambient light sensor, Proximity sensor Scratch-resistant glass (Corning Gorilla Glass 3), Ambient light sensor, Proximity sensor. Pixel density - The pixel density of a display represents the number of pixels over an area of one inch. It’s measured in “pixels per inch”, or ppi. The higher the number, the more detailed and good-looking the display is.. Technology - There are two main screen technologies currently used in phones and tablets: LCD and AMOLED. The former usually features a light source and liquid crystals, while the latter is based on organic light-emitting diodes. Newer LCD variations like IPS-LCD and Super-LCD allow for very accurate color reproduction and very wide viewing angles, where no significant image quality loss is observed. Current AMOLED screens differ in such a way that they can exhibit much more saturated colors (sometimes too much) and incredibly high contrast levels, which is due to black color being completely black in AMOLED displays.. Screen-to-body ratio - Shows what part of the frontal area of a phone its screen occupies.. Software Features Geo tagging Touch to focus, Face detection, Digital zoom, Geo tagging. Exposure compensation, ISO control, White balance presets. Camcorder 3840x2160 (4K) 1280x720 (720p HD) (30 fps). Features Video calling Continuous autofocus, Video light, Video calling, Video sharing. Front-facing camera 8 megapixels 5 megapixels. Aperture size - The aperture of a camera is the opening through which light travels before it reaches the camera sensor. The smaller the number is, the bigger this opening is, allowing for more light to pass.. Focal length (35mm equivalent) - The lower (shorter) the focal length number, the wider the shot will be. Conversely, longer focal length cameras produce narrower frames, which can be used for telephoto (zoomed-in) purposes.. Camera sensor size - A bigger camera sensor is able to capture more light, and thus produce better photos.. Qualcomm Snapdragon 808 MSM8992 Qualcomm Snapdragon 212 8909 v2. Hexa-core, 2000 MHz, ARM Cortex-A57 and ARM Cortex-A53, 64-bit Quad-core, 1300 MHz, ARM Cortex-A7. 3 GB RAM / 32 MB ROM 1 GB RAM. up to 128 GB up to 200 GB. System chip - Most modern handsets use an advanced chip that includes many of the device’s hardware modules like the processor, Wi-Fi, Bluetooth and sometimes even the wireless radio. This field shows what particular system chip (or System-on-a-Chip) is used in the phone.. Processor - The processor is the main computing component of a phone and is a major factor when it comes to the overall speed of the device. Some more powerful smartphones use dual-core and quad-core processors designed to deliver greater performance.. Graphics processor - The graphics processor is important for the smooth operation of the system and especially in games and other applications that may involve complex graphics and animations.. System memory - System memory, or RAM memory is the type of memory that the device uses to temporarily store data from the OS or currently-running apps. The more RAM available to the device, the better the performance will be when multiple or heavier programs are running.. Built-in storage - Bigger storage capacity allows you to keep more content saved onto your device, such as more applications, photos or video. Games and video content typically take up the biggest amount of storage space.. Storage expansion - Some handsets allow you to expand their storage capacity by using a memory expansion card – most often microSD. Expansion memory is mostly suitable for media storage, such as photo, video or music content.. Talk time 20.00 hours the average is 20 h (1229 min). Stand-by time 13.8 days (330 hours) the average is 21 days (502 h) 26.0 days (624 hours) the average is 21 days (502 h). Capacity - The bigger, the better! However, battery capacity is not the only factor that has an effect on battery life. Those include the chipset in use, the software running on the device, as well as the consumer's unique usage pattern.. Filter by Album, Artist, Genre, Playlists Album, Artist, Genre, Playlists. Features Album art cover, Background playback Album art cover, Background playback. GSM 850, 900, 1800, 1900 MHz 850, 900, 1800, 1900 MHz. UMTS 850, 900, 1900, 2100 MHz 850, 900, 2100 MHz. LTE (FDD) Bands 7 Bands 1, 3, 7, 8, 20. Data LTE-A Cat 6 (300/50 Mbit/s), HSDPA+ (4G) 42.2 Mbit/s, HSPA, HSUPA LTE Cat 4 (150/50 Mbit/s), HSDPA+ (4G) 42.2 Mbit/s, HSUPA 5.76 Mbit/s. Sensors Accelerometer, Gyroscope, Compass, Hall (for flip covers) Accelerometer. Notifications Haptic feedback, Music ringtones (MP3), Polyphonic ringtones, Vibration, Flight mode, Silent mode, Speakerphone Haptic feedback, Music ringtones (MP3), Polyphonic ringtones, Vibration, Flight mode, Silent mode, Speakerphone. Other features Voice dialing, Voice commands, Voice recording Voice dialing, Voice commands, Voice recording, TTY/TDD. Wi-Fi 802.11 b, g, n, ac, dual-band 802.11 b, g, n. Features Mass storage device, USB charging Mass storage device, USB charging. GPS, A-GPS GPS, A-GPS, BeiDou, Cell ID, Wi-Fi positioning. Navigation Turn-by-turn navigation, Voice navigation Turn-by-turn navigation, Voice navigation, Points of interest (POI). Other Tethering, Computer sync, OTA sync NFC, UMA (Wi-Fi Calling), Tethering, Computer sync, OTA sync. Positioning - This field shows the positioning systems supported by the device. The most common types are GPS and A-GPS.. GPS - This is one of the most widespread global positioning technologies, developed and maintained by the U.S. It uses satellites in order to detect your location. A-GPS - A-GPS stands for Assisted GPS and is the industry standard for positioning and navigation. “Assisted” means that it can use local wireless networks, in addition to satellites, for quicker and more precise localization.. Officially announced 02 Sep 2015 15 Feb 2016. MSRP price € 569 / $ 650. FCC ID value: HLZEMS58 link. FCC approval - The Federal Communications Commission (FCC) is an independent United States government agency, directly responsible to Congress. The FCC was established by the Communications Act of 1934 and is charged with regulating interstate and international communications by radio, television, wire, satellite and cable. The FCC's jurisdiction covers the 50 states, the District of Columbia, and U.S. Every wireless phone device that is sold in the U.S. has to be tested and approved for sale by the FCC.. Date approved - Shows the date when the particular phone is approved by the Federal Communications Commission. FCC measured SAR - Working closely with federal health and safety agencies, such as the Food and Drug Administration (FDA), the FCC has adopted limits for safe exposure to radiofrequency (RF) energy. These limits are given in terms of a unit referred to as the Specific Absorption Rate (SAR), which is a measure of the amount of radio frequency energy absorbed by the body when using a mobile phone. The FCC requires cell phone manufacturers to ensure that their phones comply with these objective limits for safe exposure. Any cell phone at or below these SAR levels (that is, any phone legally sold in the U.S.) is a "safe" phone, as measured by these standards. The FCC limit for public exposure from cellular telephones is an SAR level of 1.6 watts per kilogram (1.6 W/kg).. To see the full specifications with in-depth details click here.. $206 Buy. $280 Buy. $100 Buy. Samsung Galaxy A8 (2018) Review 6.5. Sony Xperia XA2 and Xperia XA2 Ultra Review 7.8. Huawei Mate 10 Lite Review 8. Jabra Elite 65t wireless earphones Review 8.5. Samsung Galaxy Note 3 vs Samsung Galaxy Note 2. LG V30 Review 8.8. The Samsung Galaxy S9 and S9+ have game-changing cameras with variable aperture and 960fps slow-mo video recording. The Big Barcelona Camera Comparison: iPhone X vs Pixel 2 XL vs Note 8. Samsung Galaxy S9 and S9+ rumor review: Specs, design, features, price and release date. Sony presents Xperia XZ2 and XZ2 Compact: new design and Snapdragon 845. Galaxy S9 Exynos edition gets benchmarked against rivals!. Galaxy S9 first camera comparison vs iPhone X, V30, S8. Samsung Galaxy S9 & S9+ hands-on. MWC 2018: top smartphones to expect. Best smartphone you can buy in 2018. Allo is a quality app, but Google isn't giving it a real chance. All content (phone reviews, news, specs, info), design and layouts are Copyright 2001-2018 phoneArena.com. Reproduction in whole or in part or in any form or medium without written permission is prohibited! Privacy. 
Learn more about PCWorld's Digital Editions. Acer's Liquid Jade Primo just became the new flagship Windows Phone. Being able to pick and choose between premium Windows phones has been a long time coming.. Use commas to separate multiple email addresses. There was an error emailing this page.. Acer Liquid Jade Primo: Finally a new third-party flagship Windows phone. Don't call Alto Tech's 'Cool Glass' a knockoff Google Glass. Behold the wackiest products from the Asian showcase at CES. Windows 10 in the dash? Autonomous driving and Continuum makes it possible. Windows 10 in the dash? Autonomous... Morpx's Mu for Toys gives your favorite toys the gift of sight. Morpx's Mu for Toys gives your... Humaneyes Vuze shoots 360-degree, 4k, stereoscopic 3D video. Microsoft Lumia 950XL hands-on: Here's the flagship we've been waiting for. Acer says that it will begin shipping its Liquid Jade Primo phone next month, with what appears to be some premium specs. But when will it ship to the U.S.?. Acer Liquid Jade Primo: Finally a new third-party flagship Windows phone. Hands-on with the Acer Liquid Jade Primo Windows Phone. Acer Liquid Jade Primo review: Acer bets big on a Windows phone as your next PC. Vaio confirms its Windows Phone will be launched this week. Right between the Lumia 950 and 950XL Hardware isn’t the problem with Windows Phone. When Microsoft began shipping its Lumia 950 and Lumia 950XL last year , Windows Phone fans finally had the flagship phone they craved. But overseas buyers will actually be able to choose between premium phones, as Acer has formally announced the Liquid Jade Primo phone for Europe and “other regions.”. In September, Acer took the wraps off what it then called the “ Jade Primo ,” revealing the new “PC phone” at a press conference at the IFA show in Berlin. At the time, Acer executives wouldn’t say whether or not the phone would ship to the United States—and it still won’t.. According to Acer, the Liquid Jade Primo will cost 569 euro ($618) when it begins shipping to Europe and the Middle East in February. It “will be gradually rolled out to other regions,” Acer added, without specifying what those regions will actually be. Acer also indicated that the price of the phone would vary by region.. The back of the Acer Liquid Jade Primo.. Acer said in September that the phone would include a. 5.5-inch super AMOLED display on the front, alongside a pair of impressive cameras: 21 megapixels, with dual flashes on the back; with a front-facing 8MP camera as well. Inside, Acer said then, will be a Qualcomm Snapdragon 808 chip.. Acer now adds that the Liquid Jade Primo will include 3 GB of RAM as well as 32 GB of internal storage, and that the display is “Full HD,” or 1080p, and backed by a 2.5D Corning Gorilla Glass screen. (Acer didn’t mention an SD card option or removeable battery.) The phone will connect via LTE Category 6 as well as 802.11ac MIMO Wi-Fi. The rear-facing f/2.2 camera will be capable of 4K video recording, while the front-facing f/2.2 wide angle camera can record up to 1080p.. That display size puts the Liquid Jade Primo squarely in the middle of Microsoft’s own flagships, the $549 5.2-inch Lumia 950 and the $649 5.7-inch Lumia 950XL. Like the Liquid Jade Primo, the Lumia 950 includes a Qualcomm Snapdragon 808, while the the XL uses a Snapdragon 810.. Both of Microsoft’s phones, however, boast a 2,560 x 1,440 (quad HD) display.. Acer also made clear that the new phone will work with the Display Dock that allows Microsoft’s two new Lumia phones to be connected to an external display and resize their output accordingly, also known as Continuum. They will be charged and connect to the Display Dock via a USB-C connector.. Besides the Windows Hello capability built into Microsoft’s Lumia phones, the latest Windows Phone hardware hasn’t proven to be much of an issue, with the Lumia 950. Microsoft’s Windows 10 Mobile operating system and apps, however, included several bugs at launch, which Microsoft has been busy fixing with software patches and with a new firmware update for the Lumia 950 and Lumia 950XL that began rolling out overseas just before Christmas. It remains to be seen how the Liquid Jade Primo will measure up in that department.. The fact that third-party companies continue to support Windows Phone, however, should be an obvious relief for Microsoft. HTC shipped a Windows Phone version of the M8 in 2014 , a program that was supposed to usher in a wave of Android phones offering Windows variants. Overseas buyers continue to support Windows Phone more than domestic buyers, however, which explains why Acer is launching its new phone in EMEA first. In the U.K., for example, Windows Phone's market share was about 7.6 percent in the first quarter of 2015 according to Canalys, while WP’s share languishes under 3 percent in the United States, comScore reports. For Acer, overseas Windows Phone customers will get priority.. To comment on this article and other PCWorld content, visit our Facebook page or our Twitter feed.. As PCWorld's senior editor, Mark focuses on Microsoft news and chip technology, among other beats.. PCWorld helps you navigate the PC ecosystem to find the products you want and the advice you need to get the job done.. Copyright © 2018 IDG Communications, Inc.. 
Home › English Community › Products › Smartphones & Wearables › Windows Phones. Acer liquid jade primo switch to android. Aspire, E and F Series Laptops. Swift, Spin, S and R Series Laptops. Gateway, eMachines and Packard Bell Laptops. Gateway, eMachines and Packard Bell Desktops. search subcategories search archived. discussions questions comments answers. Examples: Monday, today, last week, Mar 26, 3/26/04. Acer liquid jade primo switch to android. Posts: 3 Member New User. Is it possible to change the operating system from W10 to Android on the Acer liquid jade primo?. There is no window phone 10 updates for this smartphone. More and more programs can not be downloaded from the window store. Logically - to set the firmware of the android for this smartphone.. Posts: 39 Member Troubleshooter. To get the latest build of Windows 10 Mobile Anniversary Update,. download the Windows Insider app from the Store:. Press on Get Preview Builds -> Insider Slow -> Accept. After the upgrade to the build 14393.x, rember to exit from the insider program.. Posts: 3 Member New User. Thanks for the info, I'll give it a try but it doesn't answer my initial question.....Is there any reason why the Acer Liquid Jade Primo can't be flashed to run on Android?. Posts: 32 Member Enthusiast. The short answer is, Hardware side there is no reason why Android can't run on the Acer Jade Primo.. The Long answer......it requires dev work on the bootloader and ROM itself. That takes money, and Acer is not going. to dole out any cash ( see term Investment ), to change an O/S on hardware they no longer produce.. As an example some years ago HTC/Microsoft got caught with their patnts down after Cortula and The Dark Forces Team exposed the Lie that Hardware could not update to new software. Windows Mobile 6.5.3 to Windows Phone 7 on the HTC HD2. The main point was the O/S Kernal was so different.. The HD2 went on to run Windows Phone 7, Android Kit Kat and Lolipop, even as proof that it could be done Cortula managed to dump Windows RT onto an HD2.. However all of this took months of Development by non HTC people, and more then a few bricked phones by the development team.. So yes it could be done but who is going to put the work in?? Acer is not going to revisit something they now view as dead hardware. As they would have to charge money to cover the cost and see a profit in doing so.. You could buy a Mid Range Android Phone cheeper than the price Acer would have to charge to deploy a new ROM.. Posts: 3 Member New User. Thanks Greywolf, that is probably the most detailed and explanitory answer I have read on any forum so thank yo ufor that.. I'll stick with the phone for now but will be looking elsewhere when it comes time to change.. Sign In or Register to comment.. It looks like you're new here. If you want to get involved, click one of these buttons!. Free 25 GB of Dropbox Space. Register your Acer device and get 25GB of space free for 1 year!. to get all the benefits. Get social and introduce yourself in our. or learn about our ACE Program. Get Support, Drivers or Manuals from Acer. Find your Model Number (Windows only). The opinions expressed on Acer Community are the personal opinions of the authors, not of Acer. By using this site, you accept Acer's Privacy Policy and the. This email address has already been registered.. By signing up, I accept the terms of the Acer Privacy Policy. This website is best viewed using Internet Explorer 10+, Chrome, Safari and newer browsers.. 
