GSM 850 / 900 / 1800 / 1900 - SIM 1 & SIM 2. HSDPA 850 / 900 / 1900 / 2100. LTE band 1(2100), 3(1800), 7(2600), 20(800). HSPA 21.1/5.76 Mbps, LTE Cat4 150/50 Mbps. 143.5 x 69.8 x 8 mm (5.65 x 2.75 x 0.31 in). Hybrid Dual SIM (Nano-SIM, dual stand-by). IPS LCD capacitive touchscreen, 16M colors. 5.0 inches, 68.9 cm 2 (~68.8% screen-to-body ratio). 720 x 1280 pixels, 16:9 ratio (~294 ppi density). microSD, up to 32 GB (uses SIM 2 slot). 8 GB, 1 GB RAM - Liquid Jade Z 16 GB, 2 GB RAM - Liquid Jade Z Plus. 13 MP, f/1.8, autofocus, LED flash. Geo-tagging, touch focus, face detection, HDR, panorama. SMS (threaded view), MMS, Email, Push Email. Up to 410 h (2G) / Up to 400 h (3G). Up to 7 h (2G) / Up to 4 h (3G). We can not guarantee that the information on this page is 100% correct. Acer Liquid Jade Z - user opinions and reviews. i dont know what are you talking abaout,but i had this phone for 3 years and it still works.Phone is pretty desent. bad phone, got it here and can only talk handsfree. I bought it brand new and it was very veeery slow and it would overheat even during phonecalls. After a couple of months the microphone died completely, and the headphones with microphone died also.. Samsung Apple Nokia Sony LG HTC Motorola Huawei Microsoft Lenovo Xiaomi Google Acer Asus Oppo OnePlus Meizu BlackBerry Alcatel ZTE Toshiba Vodafone Energizer XOLO Lava Micromax BLU Gionee vivo LeEco Panasonic HP YU verykool Maxwest Plum. Samsung Galaxy J2 Acer Liquid Z410 Asus Zenfone 2 ZE551ML Acer Liquid Zest Acer Liquid Z520 Samsung Galaxy J5 (2017). Acer Liquid Z520 Acer Liquid Z220 Acer Liquid Z320 Acer Iconia Talk S Acer Liquid Z6 Plus Acer Liquid Z200. 
How to Block a Number on Any Phone. How to Build Your Smart Home. How to Create an Anonymous Email Account. How to Save Money on Your Cell Phone Plan. How to Set Up Two-Factor Authentication. How to Set Up and Configure Your Wireless Router. Tips Every Amazon Addict Should Know. Hard Drives, Storage, Networking & Backup. Back Antivirus, Safety & Security. Back Browsers & Operating Systems. Best HR Software & Management Systems. Best Self-Service Business Intelligence (BI) Tools. Best Social Media Management & Analytics Tools. Back Cameras & Photo/Video Editing. Best Video Editing Software for Enthusiasts. Best Samsung Galaxy S8 and S8+ Cases. Best Samsung Galaxy Note 8 Cases. Best MacBook Air Cases and Sleeves. Back Smart Home & Wearables. Back Hard Drives, Storage, Networking & Backup. Back Keyboards, Mice, Monitors & Speakers. Back Shows, Events & Holiday. Back TVs & Streaming Media. Best Managed WordPress Web Hosting Services. Best Small Business Web Hosting Services. The unlocked Acer Liquid Jade Z is an affordable compact smartphone, but there are more attractive alternatives at the same price point. Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. blog comments powered by Disqus. PCMag reviews products independently , but we may earn affiliate commissions from buying links on this page.. View All 7 Photos in Gallery. Poor call quality and noise cancellation.. The unlocked Acer Liquid Jade Z is an affordable compact smartphone, but there are more attractive alternatives at the same price point.. The Acer Liquid Jade Z ($229, 8GB) is an unlocked midrange smartphone with solid. performance, a nice display, and a surprisingly good selfie camera. It's also perfectly sized for comfortable one-handed use. with bloatware, suffers from poor call quality, and has lackluster rear camera performance despite a 13-megapixel sensor. But its biggest problem is that the Alcatel OneTouch Idol 3 4.7 and the. Motorola Moto G are both available for a similar price, with nicer hardware and less top-heavy software.. Alcatel OneTouch Idol 3 4.7 (Unlocked). Motorola Moto X Pure Edition (Unlocked). Alcatel One Touch Idol 3 (Unlocked). Design, Display, and Features Picking up the Acer Liquid Jade Z. for the first time was a surprise. It's incredibly light; wiith dimensions of 5.65 by 2.75 by 0.31 inches (HWD) and a weight of 3.88 ounces, it's one of the lightest smartphones we've seen in recent memory. The Moto G is downright hefty by comparison (5.59 by 2.85 by 0.46 inches and 5.47 ounces).. View All 7 Photos in Gallery. The downside to the lightweight build is that the Jade Z's plastic body feels cheap. It's rough to the touch, which provides good grip, but it has a raw, unpolished feel. It's not nearly as luxe as the classy. Idol 3 or the customizable Moto G.. The front of the device is home to a 5-inch 1,280-by-720 display. It has 294 pixels per inch, and looks nice and crisp.. On the back you'll find a. speaker and a slightly protruding camera sensor with a single LED flash.. a nano SIM and microSD card combo tray (or you can opt for dual SIMs) on the left, which is easy to pull out without any tools. The power button is located at the top right, with far-away. volume buttons on the left side of the phone. Since the phone is small enough for one-handed use, it's not a major issue, but it makes for a slightly awkward reach.. Network Performance and Battery The Jade Z supports GSM/ /EDGE (850/900/1800/1900MHz) and LTE (2/4/7/17) bands, so you can use it on AT&T and. T-Mobile, but you're out of luck on Sprint and Verizon. that it's missing a number of bands for optimum network performance,. like T-Mobile's Band 20 and AT&T's Band 29. I tested the phone with a T-Mobile SIM and network connectivity was generally decent in most parts of Manhattan with an average 10Mbps download speed.. Voice calls on the Jade Z were uniformly poor, filled with crackling, distortion, and raspy-sounding voices. Noise cancellation wasn't good either; I could clearly hear the sound of the wind in the background as well a truck backing up.. The OneTouch Idol 3 is a better choice if voice calls are a priority.. Battery life on the Jade Z was also a bit below average. In our battery rundown test it clocked 4 hours, 32 minutes of battery life while streaming a fullscreen video over LTE at maximum screen brightness. That's less than I would expect from a device with a 2,300mAh battery. It falls nearly an hour short of the Idol 3 (5 hours, 14 minutes), and exactly two hours short of the Moto G (6 hours, 32 minutes).. Processor and Camera The Jade Z is distinct from many other mid-range devices in. Instead, it has a quad-core MediaTek. MT6732 under the hood, with 8GB of storage and 1GB of RAM (A 16GB model comes with 2GB of RAM for $249.99).. In terms of performance, the difference between the Mediatek and Snapdragon processors was indistinguishable. On the AnTuTu benchmark, the Jade Z scored 31,023, which is actually better than both the Moto G (25,166) and the Idol 3 (22,212). Real-world performance is comparable across all three though your results with gaming may vary. I was able to play Asphalt 8 on the lowest. it still suffered from dropped frames.. Multitasking and app switching handled though I occasionally hit the RAM limit and had to reboot because the phone froze up. That's inevitable on most mid-range devices, and you'll encounter the same issue. on the Idol 3 and the Moto G.. Daylight shots and well-lit indoor shots were usually fine with manual focus, but autofocus resulted in. far too many blurry or unfocused shots, especially when trying to take a quick snap. Low-light shots were grainy and noisy across the board, and. camera options like Bright Mode, Beauty Mode and HDR didn't help.. is capable of 1080p video capture, but the Noise Reduction setting is on by default, locking it to 720p. You need to turn off this off to record in 1080p, but either way, video suffers from the same problems as still, with too much time spent out of focus.. In contrast to the rear camera, the 5-megapixel front-facing camera with f/2.2 aperture captures much better images. Outdoor and indoor shots are clear, with good detail and free from the softness that plagues the rear camera. It even did decently in low light.. See How We Test Cell Phones. Software and Conclusions The Jade Z runs the outdated Android 4.4.4 KitKat OS with a heavy layer of Liquid. There's a proliferation of Acer bloatware that duplicates the functionality of stock Google apps, like abDocs, abdMusic, abdPhoto, and others too numerous to list. None of them can be uninstalled. This is a huge downside compared with the almost-stock Moto G and the lightly tweaked Idol 3, both of which run the newer Android 5.0 Lollipop.. The unlocked Acer Liquid Jade Z has a lot going for it. It's light and easy to use one-handed, with a good selfie camera and a crisp display. poor call quality, weak rear camera performance, and sloppy software bring it down. For even less money, you'll be better served by the Alcatel OneTouch Idol 3 4.7, which has a nicer build and better call quality. But your best bet remains our Editors' Choice, the Motorola Moto G, which has long battery life, clean Android software, and an attractive, customizable design.. Bottom Line: The unlocked Acer Liquid Jade Z is an affordable compact smartphone, but there are more attractive alternatives at the same price point.. Droid Turbo 2 by Motorola (Verizon Wireless). Droid Turbo 2 by Motorola (Verizon Wireless). Ajay Kumar is PCMag's Analyst obsessed with all things mobile. Ajay reviews phones, tablets, accessories, and just about any other gadget that can be carried around with you. In his spare time he games on the rig he built himself, collects Nintendo amiibos, and tries his hand at publishing a novel. Hands On: Alcatel Series 5, 3, 1 Phones, 1T Tablets, Linkzone Hotspots. Skyroam Tips $99 4G Roaming Subscription Service. PCMag reviews products independently , but we may earn affiliate commissions from buying links on this page.. Get Our Best Stories! Email Sign Up. Subscribe to What's New Now. This newsletter may contain advertising, deals, or affiliate links. Subscribing to a newsletter indicates your consent to our Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. You may unsubscribe from the newsletters at any time.. Tech on a Budget: 35 Gift Ideas Under $20. 28 Hidden iOS 11 Tips You Need to Know. 13 Must-Have Tech Gifts Under $50. 10 Games Every Nintendo Switch Player Needs. TV Shows to Watch if You Love 'Stranger Things'. How to Master iOS 11's New Control Center. How to Play DVDs in Windows 10. How to Stop Blue Light From Disturbing Your Sleep. PC, PC Magazine and PC PCMag.com are among the federally registered trademarks of Ziff Davis, LLC and may not be used by third parties without explicit permission.. We have updated our PRIVACY POLICY and encourage you to read it by clicking here .. 
Esto también se puede leer en español.. Acer's Liquid Jade Z drops into US retailers starting at $229. Acer brings its ultralight 5-inch LTE Liquid Jade Z and Liquid Z410 smartphones stateside.. by August 28, 2015 10:35 AM PDT. Acer Liquid Jade Z is light as a feather (pictures). Acer's skinny, lightweight Liquid Jade Z. Weighing just 110 grams (about 3.8 ounces), the Acer Liquid Jade Z is one of the lightest phones around, and the unlocked 4G LTE Android phone is light on your wallet, too. Available in Europe for 199 euros since March, the phone was just made available in the United States with a starting price of $229. (It's not officially available in the UK or Australia, but it can found online in the UK for £230, and the price translates to about AU$320.) That buys you the baseline model with 1GB of RAM and 8GB of storage; Acer also sells a model with double the RAM for $20 more. If you need more storage space than what's provided, you can pop in a microSD card into an open slot on the phone -- but only up to 32GB more.. Both editions sport a 5-inch, HD Gorilla Glass 3 screen powered by a 1.5GHz quad-core MediaTek processor. The 2,300mAh battery is reported to offer up to five hours of talk time and 400 hours of standby, and the phone -- only available now in charcoal gray -- also offers optional dual nano-SIMs.. Acer Liquid Jade Z is light as a feather (pictures). The standout feature is likely to be its voice-activated 13-megapixel camera, whose lens boats a fast f/1.8 aperture. That could make it useful in low light, but we'll definitely need to put the camera through its paces to see how it holds up. If you're more interested in taking selfies, there's a 5-megapixel lens up front that pairs with the phone's "Perfect selfie" mode that enhances low light shooting. The Jade Z also offers Acer's Dual Shot mode, which will take pictures or video from the front and rear cameras simultaneously, so you can create funky picture-in-picture effects.. The porthole-like round camera module at the top of the phone is matched by a round speaker at the bottom of the casing. It's a neat little design touch that gives the phone a bit of personality. The glossy case is pretty samey when compared to other plastic phones, but there is also the option of a case with a pleasant toothy texture, like a rough piece of paper or wallpaper. It's fun to run your fingernail over, and adds a bit of grip to a device that otherwise feels like it might float out of your hand.. The camera is a decent 13-megapixel job.. Acer also announced a step-down model, the Liquid Z410, for shoppers looking to spend a little less on a phone. It still keeps the weight down at 5.1 ounces but drops the display down to a 4.5 inches with 854x480 resolution. You still get a decent helping of image capturing abilities using the 2-megapixel camera on the front and a rear-facing 5-megapixel snapper.. The Z410's 1.3GHZ quad-core processor (paired with either 1GB or 2GB of RAM) a isn't quite as powerful as the Jade Z, but it also features a replaceable battery that can last up to 5.5 hours of talk time or 400 hours in standby.. The Liquid Z410 hits in September for $129 (1GB RAM) and $149 (2GB RAM). Again, there is no official UK or Australia pricing, but it's available online for about £129, and the price translates to about AU$180 for the entry-level model.. As with most unlocked, direct-to-consumer phones, expect these models to only work on the T-Mobile and AT&T networks in the US, as well as those of their prepaid affiliates, such as Metro PCS and Cricket.. Editors' note: This story was originally published on March 1, 2015, and has been updated with US pricing and additional information.. CNET earns fees when you click these offers.. Best Phones for 2018. See All. Samsung’s king of phones is excellent, but you'll pay a pretty penny for stylus privileges.. A radical redesign that's nearly all screen includes a new cutting-edge facial recognition.... LG just gave Samsung a run for the money.. But we're still waiting on the Siri-like AI.. The Pixel 2's superb camera makes it worth a look.. This week on CNET News. Homeland Security's tall order: A hacker-free election. 'Annihilation' director wove memory into a dream-like movie. Dogecoin: The joke cryptocurrency that was too real for its own good. Be respectful, keep it clean and stay on topic. We delete comments that violate our policy , which we encourage you to read. Discussion threads can be closed at any time at our discretion.. CNET may earn fees when you click through to a partner site.. 
The source for Tech Buying Advice. More Car Tech. Tech deals, prizes and latest news. Acer's new phone is thinner than you'd expect. With decent performance, an excellent screen and a good selfie cam, the Acer Liquid Jade Z is a good choice for many. Yet, with a poor camera and generally lacklustre battery performance, there are better options available for less money.. Acer is known to many as the Taiwanese makers of respectable computing equipment, competing strongly with the likes of Asus. Yet, the story does not end there. Like John Everyman and his plucky donkey, Asus has opted to enter the smartphone race.. This is no easy proposition, especially when the likes of Apple and Samsung, with their marketing billions, are struggling to compete with the likes of Xiaomi and Meizu in offering quality devices at an affordable price. Selling a smartphone is no longer the easy task it once was, and in a space where Acer has relatively little brand name recognition, it becomes all the more difficult.. The Acer Liquid Jade Z is the latest in the Taiwanese firm's ludicrously named 'Liquid Jade' range, intended to be competitive in the mid to low market.. Indeed, at roughly £150, the device is a cheaper version of the Liquid Jade S , which boasts slightly higher specifications at a correspondingly higher price point.. Holding the device, one thing is immediately apparent – 2012 is in vogue once more. From its size and thinness to its feel in the hand, the Acer Liquid Jade Z brings to mind the Samsung Galaxy S3. This impression is further enhanced by the software skin Acer has added ( so Android 2.3 Gingerbread) and the useless bloat and gimmicks added.. This first impression certainly isn't what you might expect from a phone at this price point, however. At a mere 7.9 mm thick, and weighing in at only 110g, clearly a great deal of thought has been poured into the design and engineering of this device.. These dimensions are unfortunately not enough to offset the cheap-feeling, rough plastic that has been used throughout, with a subtle hatching that generally improves grip, but can feel scratchy.. With the tiny weight, these various factors contribute to the general feeling that a strong gust could see a Mary Poppins-like situation evolve, should the right conditions arise.. The front of the Acer Liquid Jade Z is a reasonably pleasant affair; in keeping with other smartphones is that it is mostly a slab of smooth glass, with a nice coating of Gorilla Glass 3 for that pleasant 'oleophobic' feel. The screen panel measures 5 inches, with a 720p resolution.. At the bottom of the display rests a small 'Acer' logo spelled out in chrome-effect plastic, while the speaker at the head does an excellent impression of a Borrower's shower-head.. On the left side of the device rests the nano-SIM and Micro-SD card slot, which can be a little finicky for those without steady hands. The bottom and top of the device house the Micro-USB charging port and the 3.5mm headphone jack respectively.. Where the screen meets the body of the phone, there is a strip of chrome-effect plastic, much as found on the Samsung Galaxy S5 , with the Acer also possessing nice rounded edges, a thoughtful addition.. The top, unfortunately, is also home to the power button and on the right the slightly cumbersome volume rocker can be found.. The rear of the Jade Z is where Acer has chosen to make something of a statement. The company's logo is picked out, once again, in chrome-effect plastic, with slightly rough and unpleasant edges. At the bottom rests an unusual rear-mounted speaker grille – a perfect circle.. At the head rests a rather large camera hump (circled with, you guessed it, chrome-effect plastic) and a single white LED flash.. Whatever misgivings the size, weight and choice of materials may impose, one thing is undeniable, this is a comfortable device to use in one hand. Though the top-mounted power button will force some unpleasant hand-gymnastics on those with small hands, with its rounded-edges, this makes for a great reading experience.. Next Page Display and key features. You can unsubscribe at any time and we'll never share your details without your permission.. Get the best tech deals, reviews, product advice, competitions, unmissable tech news and more!. 1 Samsung Galaxy S9 release date, price, news and features. 2 Samsung Galaxy S9 launch: as it happened. 3 Samsung Galaxy S9 live stream: how to watch today's big launch event. 4 How to watch Arsenal v Man City live stream online for the Carabao Cup final NOW. 5 MWC 2018: All the latest news from the show. 2 Samsung Galaxy S9 Plus review. 3 Samsung Galaxy S9 release date, price, news and features. 4 Samsung Galaxy S9 launch: as it happened. 5 BlackBerry: 'we understand we are not for everyone' but 'we're here to stay'. TechRadar is part of Future plc, an international media group and leading digital publisher. England and Wales company registration number 2008885.. 
Our new search experience requires JavaScript to be enabled. Please enable JavaScript on your browser , then try again .. All Categories Antiques Art Baby Books Business & Industrial Cameras & Photo Cell Phones & Accessories Clothing, Shoes & Accessories Coins & Paper Money Collectibles Computers/Tablets & Networking Consumer Electronics Crafts Dolls & Bears DVDs & Movies eBay Motors Entertainment Memorabilia Gift Cards & Coupons Health & Beauty Home & Garden Jewelry & Watches Music Musical Instruments & Gear Pet Supplies Pottery & Glass Real Estate Specialty Services Sporting Goods Sports Mem, Cards & Fan Shop Stamps Tickets & Experiences Toys & Hobbies Travel Video Games & Consoles Everything Else. Hi ( Sign in to bid or buy) Daily Deals Gift Cards Help & Contact Sell. Summary Recently Viewed Bids/Offers Watch List Purchase History Selling Saved Searches Saved Sellers Messages. Refine your search for Acer Liquid Jade Z. All Listings - Current page. results for Acer Liquid Jade Z. Save Acer Liquid Jade Z to get e-mail alerts and updates on your eBay Feed.. Unfollow Acer Liquid Jade Z to stop getting updates on your eBay Feed.. You'll receive email and Feed alerts when new items arrive. Afghanistan - AFG Albania - ALB Algeria - DZA American Samoa - ASM Andorra - AND Angola - AGO Anguilla - AIA Antigua and Barbuda - ATG Argentina - ARG Armenia - ARM Aruba - ABW Australia - AUS Austria - AUT Azerbaijan Republic - AZE Bahamas - BHS Bahrain - BHR Bangladesh - BGD Barbados - BRB Belarus - BLR Belgium - BEL Belize - BLZ Benin - BEN Bermuda - BMU Bhutan - BTN Bolivia - BOL Bosnia and Herzegovina - BIH Botswana - BWA Brazil - BRA British Virgin Islands - VGB Brunei Darussalam - BRN Bulgaria - BGR Burkina Faso - BFA Burma - MMR Burundi - BDI Cambodia - KHM Cameroon - CMR Canada - CAN Cape Verde Islands - CPV Cayman Islands - CYM Central African Republic - CAF Chad - TCD Chile - CHL China - CHN Colombia - COL Comoros - COM Congo, Democratic Republic of the - COD Congo, Republic of the - COG Cook Islands - COK Costa Rica - CRI Cote d Ivoire (Ivory Coast) - CIV Croatia, Republic of - HRV Cyprus - CYP Czech Republic - CZE Denmark - DNK Djibouti - DJI Dominica - DMA Dominican Republic - DOM Ecuador - ECU Egypt - EGY El Salvador - SLV Equatorial Guinea - GNQ Eritrea - ERI Estonia - EST Ethiopia - ETH Falkland Islands (Islas Malvinas) - FLK Fiji - FJI Finland - FIN France - FRA French Guiana - GUF French Polynesia - PYF Gabon Republic - GAB Gambia - GMB Georgia - GEO Germany - DEU Ghana - GHA Gibraltar - GIB Greece - GRC Greenland - GRL Grenada - GRD Guadeloupe - GLP Guam - GUM Guatemala - GTM Guernsey - GGY Guinea - GIN Guinea-Bissau - GNB Guyana - GUY Haiti - HTI Honduras - HND Hong Kong - HKG Hungary - HUN Iceland - ISL India - IND Indonesia - IDN Ireland - IRL Israel - ISR Italy - ITA Jamaica - JAM Japan - JPN Jersey - JEY Jordan - JOR Kazakhstan - KAZ Kenya - KEN Kiribati - KIR Korea, South - KOR Kuwait - KWT Kyrgyzstan - KGZ Laos - LAO Latvia - LVA Lebanon - LBN Liechtenstein - LIE Lithuania - LTU Luxembourg - LUX Macau - MAC Macedonia - MKD Madagascar - MDG Malawi - MWI Malaysia - MYS Maldives - MDV Mali - MLI Malta - MLT Marshall Islands - MHL Martinique - MTQ Mauritania - MRT Mauritius - MUS Mayotte - MYT Mexico - MEX Micronesia - FSM Moldova - MDA Monaco - MCO Mongolia - MNG Montenegro - MNE Montserrat - MSR Morocco - MAR Mozambique - MOZ Namibia - NAM Nauru - NRU Nepal - NPL Netherlands - NLD Netherlands Antilles - ANT New Caledonia - NCL New Zealand - NZL Nicaragua - NIC Niger - NER Nigeria - NGA Niue - NIU Norway - NOR Oman - OMN Pakistan - PAK Palau - PLW Panama - PAN Papua New Guinea - PNG Paraguay - PRY Peru - PER Philippines - PHL Poland - POL Portugal - PRT Puerto Rico - PRI Qatar - QAT Reunion - REU Romania - ROU Russian Federation - RUS Rwanda - RWA Saint Helena - SHN Saint Kitts-Nevis - KNA Saint Lucia - LCA Saint Pierre and Miquelon - SPM Saint Vincent and the Grenadines - VCT San Marino - SMR Saudi Arabia - SAU Senegal - SEN Serbia - SRB Seychelles - SYC Sierra Leone - SLE Singapore - SGP Slovakia - SVK Slovenia - SVN Solomon Islands - SLB Somalia - SOM South Africa - ZAF Spain - ESP Sri Lanka - LKA Suriname - SUR Swaziland - SWZ Sweden - SWE Switzerland - CHE Taiwan - TWN Tajikistan - TJK Tanzania - TZA Thailand - THA Togo - TGO Tonga - TON Trinidad and Tobago - TTO Tunisia - TUN Turkey - TUR Turkmenistan - TKM Turks and Caicos Islands - TCA Tuvalu - TUV Uganda - UGA Ukraine - UKR United Arab Emirates - ARE United Kingdom - UK United States - USA Uruguay - URU Uzbekistan - UZB Vanuatu - VUT Vatican City State - VAT Venezuela - VEN Vietnam - VNM Virgin Islands (U.S) - VIR Wallis and Futuna - WLF Western Sahara - ESH Western Samoa - WSM Yemen - YEM Zambia - ZMB Zimbabwe - ZWE. Tempered Glass Screen Protector Protective Film For Acer Liquid Z330 Z530 Z630. For Acer Liquid Jade S S56 Z S57 Soft Gel Case Cover Fish Bee Ladybug Deer Beast. For Acer Liquid Jade Z New TPU Matte Gel skin soft Case cover. For Acer Liquid Jade S S56 Z S57 Stylish Silk PU Leather Stand Flip Cover Case. For 5" Acer Liquid Jade Z Smartphone Multi-Color Leather Stand Flip Case Cover. For Acer liquid Jade Z530 (White Black) Digitizer Touch Screen Glass Parts. For Acer Liquid Jade S S56 Z S57 Luxury Clover Case Flip Cover Wallet Holster. For Acer Liquid Jade S S56 Z S57 Vivid Leaf Straps Case Flip Cover Wallet. For Acer Liquid Jade S S56 Z S57 Christmas Soft TPU Case Cover 2018 New Year. For Acer Liquid Jade S S56 Z S57 Halloween Soft Case Cover Ghost Mask Pumpkin. For Acer Liquid Jade S S56 Z S57 Palace PU Leather Buckle Case Cover Flip Wallet. For Acer Liquid Jade S S56 Z S57 Retro Clover PU Leather Case Holster Flip Cover. For Acer Liquid Zest Plus Z628 Premium PU Leather Wallet Card Flip Case Cover. For Acer Liquid Jade S S56 Z S57 Windbell Batman Letters Soft Rubber Case Cover. For Acer Liquid Jade S S56 Z S57 Retro Clover PU Leather Case Holster Flip Cover. For Acer Liquid Jade S S56 Z S57 Halloween Soft TPU Case Cover Witch Cat Pumpkin. Bulletproof Glass for Acer Liquid Jade S S56 / Z S57 Genuine Screen Protector. For Acer Liquid Jade S S56 Z S57 Luxury Palace Flower PU Leather Case Cover. For Acer Liquid Jade S S56 Z S57 Soft TPU Case Cover Butterfly Color Flowers. For Acer Liquid Jade S S56 Z S57 Leaf Embossed PU Leather Case Flip Cover Stand. For Acer Liquid Jade S S56 Z S57 Card Slot Wallet Stand Flip Cover Case Cartoon. For Acer liquid Jade 2 Z630 Zest Z6 Plus X2 Leopard PU Leather Flip Cover Case. Colorful Flip Card Holder Stand PU Wallet Leather Case Cover For Phone Cute Skin. For Acer Liquid Jade S S56 Z S57 Luxury Clover Case Flip Cover Wallet Holster. For Acer Liquid Jade S S56 Z S57 Windbell Batman Letters Soft Rubber Case Cover. JL For HTC U11 Acer Z6E Meizu BQ Iphone Crocodile Wallet Card Leather Case Cover. Protective Cover for Acer Liquid Jade Z S57 / S S56 Phone Briefcase Flip Case. For Acer Liquid Jade S S56 Z S57 Kickstand Ring Soft TPU Case Cover Stand Batman. For Acer Liquid Jade S S56 Z S57 Halloween Soft Ring Stand Case Cover Pumpkin. For Acer Liquid Jade Z - Clip On PU Leather Wallet Case & Powerbank. For Acer Liquid Jade Z - Clip On Fabric / PU Leather Wallet Case Cover. For Acer Liquid Jade Z - Clip On PU Leather Wallet Case & Earphone. Tempered Glass for Series Acer Liquid Genuine Screen Protector Tank Foil. Fashion Magnetic Flip Pattern Hybrid Stand PU Leather Cover TPU Case For Phone X. For Acer Liquid Jade S S56 Z S57 Soft Finger Ring Kickstand Case Cover Superman. For ACER Liquid phone Case Wallet Fashion Cute Design Pattern Cover. Genuine LCD and Touch Screen for Acer Liquid Jade Z S57 Pantalla Tactil Display. For Acer Liquid Jade S S56 Z S57 Halloween Soft Ring Stand Case Cover Pumpkin. For Acer Liquid Jade S S56 Z S57 Vivid Leaf Straps Case Flip Cover Wallet. For Acer Liquid Jade S S56 Z S57 Retro Embossed Palace Case Cover Flip Elegant. For Acer Liquid Jade S S56 Z S57 Christmas Soft TPU Case Cover 2018 New Year. Protective Cover for Series Acer Liquid Phone Briefcase Flip Case Cover Case. For Acer Liquid Jade S S56 Z S57 Halloween Soft Ring Stand Case Cover Witch Moon. For Acer Liquid Jade S S56 Z S57 Halloween Soft Ring Stand Case Cover Party Cat. TPU Silicone Phone Protective Cover for Acer Liquid Jade Z S57 Flip Case. For Acer Liquid Jade Z - Clip Printed Series PU Leather Wallet Case. Tempered Glass Screen Protector Protective Film For Acer Liquid Z530 Z630 Jade Z. Premium PU Leather Wallet Card Flip For Acer Liquid Zest Plus Z628 Case Cover. Sports Armband Smartphone Fitness Key Case Pouch Jogging Protective Cover. 2 new & refurbished from $6.45. Acer Liquid Jade Z Plus Case Flip Cover in black. Acer Liquid Jade Z Case Flip Cover in pink. Acer Liquid Jade Z Plus Case Business-Line Case brown. Soft Pudding Silicone Gel Rubber Matte Cover Skin Case For Acer Liquid Mobles. Large Rugged Canvas Case Holster fits w/ Otterbox on for Acer Phones. Acer Liquid Jade Z Plus Case Business-Line Case blue. Acer Liquid Jade Z Plus Case Business-Line Case black. For Acer Liquid Jade S S56 Z S57 Stylish Silk PU Leather Stand Flip Cover Case. For Acer Liquid Jade S S56 Z S57 Kickstand Ring Soft TPU Case Cover Stand Batman. eBay determines this price through a machine learned model of the product's sale prices within the last 90 days.. eBay determines trending price through a machine learned model of the product’s sale prices within the last 90 days. "New" refers to a brand-new, unused, unopened, undamaged item, and "Used" refers to an item that has been used previously.. Top Rated Plus Sellers with highest buyer ratings Returns, money back Ships in a business day with tracking Learn More. Top Rated Plus Sellers with highest buyer ratings Returns, money back Ships in a business day with tracking Learn More. Cell Phones, Smart Watches & Accessories. Cell Phone Cases, Covers & Skins. $ Enter minimum price to $ Enter maximum price. Please enter a minimum and/or maximum price before continuing.. Site Map Copyright © 1995-2018 eBay Inc. Accessibility , User Agreement , Privacy , Cookies and AdChoice Norton Secured - powered by Verisign. Number of bids and bid amounts may be slightly out of date. See each listing for international shipping options and costs.. 
Home Shop MWC News Reviews Features Opinions Videos The Gadgets 360 Show Cell Guru Prime Tech Smartphone Reviews Tech and Gadget Reviews How-To Videos Video Game Reviews and Features Top Lists by Gadgets 360 Unboxing and Hands-On Videos Podcasts Compare Mobiles Phone Finder DEALS. Mobiles Tablets Apps Gaming Cameras PC/Laptops AUDIO/VIDEO How To Telecom Science INDIA INTERNET SOCIAL MEDIA WEARABLES हिंदी. Acer Adcom Alcatel Apple Archos Asus BlackBerry Blu Celkon Coolpad Datawind Fly Gionee HTC Huawei iBall iBerry Idea InFocus Intex iVoomi Jivi Karbonn Lava LeEco Lenovo LG Lyf Maxx Mobile Meizu Micromax Microsoft Motorola MTS Nokia Obi Oppo Panasonic Philips Ringing Bells Samsung Sony Spice Swipe Videocon Vivo Wickedleak Xiaomi Xolo Yu Zen Ziox Zopo ZTE. Home Mobiles Phone Finder Acer Liquid Jade Z. SPECIFICATIONS USER REVIEWS NEWS. Share on Facebook Tweet Share Share Email Reddit. Acer Liquid Jade Z smartphone was launched in March 2015. The phone comes with a 5.00-inch touchscreen display with a resolution of 720 pixels by 1280 pixels at a PPI of 294 pixels per inch. The Acer Liquid Jade Z is powered by quad-core MediaTek processor and it comes with 1GB of RAM. that can be expanded up to 32GB via a microSD card. As far as the cameras are concerned, the Acer Liquid Jade Z packs a 13-megapixel primary camera on the rear and a 5-megapixel front shooter for selfies. The Acer Liquid Jade Z runs Android 5.0. The Acer Liquid Jade Z is a single SIM (GSM). Connectivity options include Wi-Fi, GPS, Bluetooth, FM, 3G and 4G. Sensors on the phone include Proximity sensor, Accelerometer and Ambient light sensor.. Acer Liquid Jade Z, Liquid Z220, and Liquid Z520 Launched at MWC. More Acer mobiles Acer mobiles price in India. Acer Liquid Jade Z detailed specifications. Release date March 2015 Form factor Touchscreen Thickness 7.9 Weight (g) 110.00 Removable battery No. Screen size (inches) 5.00 Touchscreen Yes Resolution 720x1280 pixels Pixels per inch (PPI) 294. Processor quad-core Processor make MediaTek RAM 1GB Expandable storage Yes Expandable storage type microSD Expandable storage up to (GB) 32. Rear camera 13-megapixel Rear Flash LED Front camera 5-megapixel. Wi-Fi Yes Wi-Fi standards supported 802.11 b/g/n GPS Yes Bluetooth Yes, v 4.00 NFC No Infrared No USB OTG No Headphones 3.5mm FM Yes Number of SIMs 1 SIM 1 GSM/CDMA GSM 3G Yes 4G/ LTE Yes Supports 4G in India (Band 40) No. Compass/ Magnetometer No Proximity sensor Yes Accelerometer Yes Ambient light sensor Yes Gyroscope No Barometer No Temperature sensor No. Error or missing information? Please let us know. User ratings and reviews for Acer Liquid Jade Z. 0 Out of 5. 5 Star 4 Star 3 Star 2 Star 1 Star. Acer Liquid Jade Z, Liquid Z220, and Liquid Z520 Launched at MWC. Acer Liquid Z6 Plus Acer Liquid Z6 Acer Liquid Zest Plus Acer Liquid Zest 4G Acer Liquid Zest Acer Liquid Jade 2 Acer Liquid Jade Primo Acer Liquid Z630s Acer Liquid Z630 Acer Liquid Z530S Acer Liquid Z530 Acer Liquid M330 Acer Liquid Z330 Acer Liquid M320 Acer Liquid Z320 Acer Liquid Z520 Acer Liquid Z220 Acer Liquid M220 Acer Liquid Z410 Acer Liquid Jade S Acer Liquid Z500 Acer Liquid Z200 Acer Liquid E600 Acer Liquid E700 Acer Liquid X1 Acer Liquid Jade Acer Liquid Z4 Acer Liquid E3 Acer Liquid Z5. Acer Liquid Jade Z vs. Acer Liquid Jade S Acer Liquid Jade Z vs. Acer Liquid Z5 Acer Liquid Z530 vs. Acer Liquid Jade Z Acer Liquid Jade Z vs. Htc Desire 620g Dual Sim Acer Liquid Jade Z vs. Huawei Ascend P7 Sony Xperia J1 Compact vs. Vaio Phone Va 10j vs. Acer Liquid Jade Z vs. LG Joy Lte Sony Xperia E5 vs. Acer Liquid Jade Z Acer Liquid Jade Z vs. Sony Xperia Z1 Acer Liquid Jade Z vs. Samsung Galaxy S5 Mini Htc One M8s vs. PCs and Laptops at CES 2016. Nokia 7 Plus Is an Android One Phone With Dual Rear Cameras, Zeiss Optics Samsung Galaxy S9, Galaxy S9+ With Improved Cameras, AR Emoji Launched Samsung Galaxy S9, Galaxy S9+ Pre-Orders Now Open in India Nokia 8110 4G Is a 'Slider' Feature Phone With Google, Facebook Apps Nokia 7 Plus vs Nokia 7 OnePlus 5, OnePlus 5T HD Content Streaming Issue Fixed, With a Catch Sony Unveils Xperia Ear Duo to Answer Apple AirPods, Samsung Gear IconX Vodafone to Offer 4.5GB Data Per Day for 28 Days at Rs. 799: Report Sony Xperia XZ2, Xperia XZ2 Compact With 18:9 Displays Launched at MWC Nokia 8 Sirocco With Dual Cameras, Stainless Steel Frame Launched at MWC. Samsung phones price list Lyf phones price list Micromax phones price list Sony phones price list Htc phones price list Lenovo phones price list Intex phones price list Lava phones price list Apple phones price list Nokia phones price list Xolo phones price list Lg phones price list Vivo phones price list Oppo phones price list Gionee phones price list Motorola phones price list Blackberry phones price list Xiaomi phones price list. Sitemaps Archives Advertise About Us Feedback Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions Complaint Redressal Careers Contact Us RSS Ethics Acer Liquid Jade Z in Hindi. © Copyright Red Pixels Ventures Limited 2018. Subject Comments. 
Acer’s Liquid Jade Z is like a smartphone made of feathers. Acer’s Liquid Jade Z oscillates between being wieldy and cheap.. Acer’s Liquid Jade Z oscillates between being wieldy and cheap.. Acer’s Liquid Jade Z oscillates between being wieldy and cheap.. Dual nano SIM and microSD slot. Camera performance is a mixed bag. Dual nano SIM and microSD slot. Camera performance is a mixed bag. Phone Reviews Product Reviews. Acer’s entry into the smartphone market has been deliberately slow, especially in North America, where competition is tight and it’s easy for makers to get lost in the crowd. Much like its PC business, the high-end flagship isn’t Acer’s game. It’s the sandbox of the mid-range and lower that the company wants to play in, as it looks to gain a sliver of market share.. It’s considerably lighter and thinner than other handsets with 5-inch displays.. The Liquid Jade Z has already been on the market in Asia and Europe for months, though its availability in the U.S. as an affordable handset at a decent outright price doesn’t bring much brand power with it. The company simply isn’t known in these parts as a smartphone manufacturer. In trying to take on the likes of Motorola, Asus, HTC and Huawei, does this phone help Acer to compete?. What’s most obvious about the Liquid Jade Z is its weight and thickness, or lack thereof. At a mere 110 grams and 7.9mm thin, it’s considerably lighter and thinner than other handsets with 5-inch displays. The feathery design has much to do with the type of materials used to craft the device, and it’s mostly down to a thinner plastic back, etched in a unique pattern. It does improve grip, and doesn’t look too bad, but premium craftsmanship, this is not. The lens protrudes out noticeably, which comes as no surprise when the phone’s body is this thin. At the bottom is the rear speaker.. Gorilla Glass 3 should help keep the 5-inch display relatively scratch-resistant and free from cracking. The speaker at the top looks a little unusual by smartphone standards, and the front-facing camera sits right next to it. The front and back are fused together by sides with a muted chrome-like finish and curved corners that give the phone better handling.. The slot for the nano SIM and microSD card (or dual nano SIMs) comes out of the left, and it proves to be finicky to put back in with the cards in place. Rather than slide in gracefully, the tray requires a steady hand to slip through. The other side has the volume rockers, while the power button is at the top. The 3.5mm headphone jack is at the top on the other end, and the micro-USB port is at the bottom right corner instead of the middle.. What’s lacking in taking advantage of the wider aperture is a full manual mode.. At 5-inches, and with decent dimensions, the Liquid Jade Z can fit in any pocket. Screen resolution takes a bump down to 720p, but pixel density is a respectable 294ppi, and with an IPS LCD panel, brightness and viewing angles are more than adequate. Acer claims that “zero gap” technology is a big part of that, because it positions the panel and glass so close together that the space between them is airtight. Apple has touted this for years, and the improved contrast resulting from it on the iPhone has long been evident. The Liquid Jade Z seems to take advantage of that design tweak, too.. Where Android has evolved to flatter icon designs and more restrained colors, Acer opted to take a different approach, overlaying its own interpretation in an attempt to stand out. It’s a design sensibility that harkens back to what Android was a few years ago. While subtle, the graphics have shadow effects and rendering that is not consistent with what you would expect from a device running on 4.4 KitKat. That it even runs on KitKat out of the box is a shame, and Acer has been mum on whether an update to 5.0 Lollipop is forthcoming, much less the impending 6.0 Marshmallow.. Acer Liquid Jade Z Compared To. Long known for its reckless abandon in bloatware, Acer doesn’t pull any punches with the Liquid Jade Z, lining up no less than 13 of its own apps when there are already third-party ones that are more than sufficient. Some of these are clearly meant to simplify what could be otherwise difficult tasks for novice users, like System Doctor, Easy Hotspot and SnapNote. Acer Extend bridges the phone with Acer computers, allowing for full access to the handset on a laptop or desktop. Live Screen allows for two-way sharing with a temporary group. The Acer Portal is a sort of personal cloud that only works within the company’s own BYOC apps. Again, with others readily available that offer better performance, there isn’t much incentive to invest time and data into Acer’s little ecosystem, except that, with Acer’s suite already pre-loaded, the baker’s dozen of apps can’t be removed.. Third-party apps are also loaded here, which include 50+ Free Games, Real Football 2015 , Clean Master and Power Save, among others. Of those, Power Save isn’t bad, offering its own power-saving mode, along with the option to create a custom one. Clean Master can help get rid of dormant and useless files, but I found System Doctor to be better at optimizing the device.. The review unit I had was a 16GB model, whereas the European variant offers only 8GB. The microSD card slot offers expansion, but only up to an extra 32GB. When other mid-range phones are offering 64GB or more in expansion, it may be a downside that makes the Liquid Jade Z less attractive if you already have a lot of apps and media to contend with.. One interesting software addition is that Swype is the default keyboard on the device. That’s already a step up from what would’ve been thrown in otherwise. The ubiquity of Android keyboards, of course, makes it more than possible to replace it should you not be a fan for whatever reason.. The 1.5GHz Mediatek MT6732 quad-core processor and 2GB of RAM in my review unit proved good enough for the Liquid Jade Z, provided that performance was put in some perspective. Basic tasks and general daily usage aren’t going to bring the phone to its knees. While not as fluid or quick as more expensive handsets, the phone managed to do most things reasonably well. It’s always the little things that stand out when realized together, though.. Load times are slightly longer for games. Switching between apps isn’t always a fluid sequence. Even Google Now takes just a little longer to get things done. Streaming video from Netflix or MLB.TV is good enough, as is accessing media content from Plex. While it’s not a constant slog that feels too slow, there are usually subtle signs that the phone is pushing itself to perform tasks. Despite that, it didn’t get worse as I kept using it. More demanding games did make things difficult, but it also depends on how graphics-intensive the game is.. For users who focus more on browsing, messaging, email, casual gaming, calls and playing music, the Liquid Jade Z isn’t going to buckle in getting those things done.. With 4G LTE inside, this phone has no issue with access. Having dual nano SIMs is a novelty at this price point, and a feature that could sway users who want that kind of flexibility for traveling.. Call quality is fine, though I wasn’t fond of the rear speaker for hands-free. Tinny and muffled by its placement when the phone lies face up, it’s a weak link in the device’s overall performance. I won’t dock Acer too much for it, though, since other Android phone manufacturers at the high-end have failed to deliver much better.. The 13-megapixel rear camera is interesting for the sheer fact it has an f/1.8 aperture. That’s the same as the LG G4, one of the best smartphone cameras to date. It’s also among the widest apertures, and that generally translates to better low-light performance. Except the image sensor used here isn’t as big as the one LG uses, so results are neither as consistent nor as sharp as what other handsets are able to produce.. Not that there’s a shortage of options in the menu. A dozen capture modes are flanked by a handful of scene modes and effects. Some are gimmicky, like the Smile Shutter and Gourmet, but HDR and Best Shot can be useful for snagging a good photo when needing a boost.. What’s lacking in taking advantage of the wider aperture is a full manual mode. There are white balance and metering controls, but nothing to manage shutter speed, ISO or macro focusing on the fly, thus limiting the effectiveness of having more light come in through the lens. The result is that images are not good enough under most circumstances. For instance, shooting architecture in the middle of the day with bright sunlight, the auto mode doesn’t necessarily adjust by raising the shutter to offset the light coming in. In equal measure, it doesn’t lower it enough automatically when shooting at night.. Acer has been mum on whether an update to 5.0 Lollipop is forthcoming, much less the impending 6.0 Marshmallow.. Granted, this is a fairly normal issue for smartphone cameras, but it’s reason enough to add the sort of features that can make the most of it. That’s not to say that, even with a manual mode, that the Liquid Jade Z would be able to output the same quality as the G4, Samsung Galaxy S6, or iPhone 6. But it would still be better than what it can do now. By reducing the shutter and ISO just enough, low-light images wouldn’t be as noisy as they turn out here.. That being said, this camera shoots better and offers more than some phones that cost more. Getting the hang of some of the modes and effects can bring out the creativity in anyone who likes photography, and with third-party apps always available on Google Play, there are ways to make the wider aperture work a little better.. Having a thin and light body usually means a smaller battery. At 2,300mAh, the battery in the Liquid Jade Z isn’t huge, but with a less demanding processor and 720p display, it’s not being asked to do as much as it could. The trickling loss per charge plays right into how the device performs. Streaming video, playing games, or browsing the web continuously drains it fairly quickly. Messaging, social media and email, not so much.. For example, streaming music from Spotify for a couple hours on Wi-Fi took away about 14%. Streaming HD video for an hour from Plex, however, took 18% or more. The mediocre battery performance is hardly surprising, given its size, but these numbers are high. The Moto G is able to do the same things with half the battery output, same with the Asus Zenfone 2.. The Liquid Jade Z is an odd device, in many ways. It doesn’t have a distinct look, yet it feels so light to hold that it oscillates between being wieldy and cheap. Plastic bodies that are obvious tend to evoke that feeling more now than ever, in my view. Even the least discerning consumer probably pays attention to those details, and that puts Acer’s latest handset in a tight spot.. Up your game and the get the most out of your gear with the following extras, hand-picked by our editors:. IQ Shield LiQuidSkin screen protector ($13). TPU transparent silicone soft shell ($10). RAVPower 16000mAh external battery pack ($30). At $230 for the version with 1GB of RAM, and $250 for the one with 2GB, the price sounds about right, compared to the monstrous prices of some flagships these days. Being unlocked, carrier availability is also irrelevant, since they will work on all four anyway. When juxtaposed against something like the new Moto G , which offers similar specs and waterproofing for $180, suddenly the Jade’s price tag seems high.. The low-end is becoming crowded, and the race to zero amongst them is making things more competitive. Acer wants to fit in, and the Liquid Jade Z may be enough to at least get a foot in the door, but it will be tough to stick around when more bang for the buck is available elsewhere.. Add Us To Your Social Channels. Digital Trends helps readers keep tabs on the fast-paced world of tech with all the latest news, fun product reviews, insightful editorials, and one-of-a-kind sneak peeks. 
The next video is starting stop. Want to watch this again later?. Sign in to add this video to a playlist.. Sign in to report inappropriate content.. Sign in to make your opinion count.. Sign in to make your opinion count.. The interactive transcript could not be loaded.. Rating is available when the video has been rented.. This feature is not available right now. Support me on Patreon: http://ow.ly/3ymWFu PayPal Donations Welcome. Click here: http://goo.gl/NSdOvK Help Support My Channel. Buy Computing Forever Merchandise, Mugs, Hats, T-Shirts: http://ow.ly/3v3TWq Sign up to our Monthly Newsletter to receive exclusive FREE Computing Forever video and blog content: http://goo.gl/YKq7ZK SUBSCRIBE TO THIS YOUTUBE CHANNEL: https://www.youtube.com/user/LACK78 KEEP UP ON SOCIAL MEDIA: Twitter : http://twitter.com/lack78 Facebook : https://www.facebook.com/ComputingFor... Google+ : LACK78: http://goo.gl/k4gWsg Google+: Computing Forever: http://goo.gl/Q8gZpY ALL MY TECH BLOGGING NEWS CONTENT: http://computingforever.com MORE VIDEO AWESOMENESS: http://youtube.com/daveknowsstuff. When autoplay is enabled, a suggested video will automatically play next.. Acer Liquid Jade Z Unboxing & First Look. Acer Liquid Jade Z Hands on Review, Camera, Features, Comparison, Overview at MWC 2015. Acer Liquid Jade Z conócelo en el Mobile World Congress 2015. Steve Jobs introduces iPhone in 2007. Acer Liquid Jade Primo Windows Phone Hands On - CES 2016. Hands-On: Acer Liquid X2 with 4000mAh, Tri-SIM, 13 MP selfie cam. Acer Liquid Jade Hands on Review, Camera, Price, Features and Overview. Acer Liquid Jade, primeras impresiones IFA 2014. Turn Your Smartphone into a Desktop PC ! - Acer Liquid Jade Primo + Continuum [4K]. Acer Liquid Jade Z – Show a brighter you (Features & Highlights). iPhone X vs iPhone 8/8 Plus - Which Should You Buy?. Acer Liquid Z530 Hands on Overview, Camera and Features. How to disassemble 📱 Acer Liquid Z530 Take apart Tutorial. Acer Liquid Z630 Hands on Overview, Camera and Features. Acer Liquid Z630s Hands on Review, Camera, Features. Acer Liquid Jade Z review (Dutch). Top 8 Best BUDGET Phones 2017. Sign in to add this to Watch Later. 
Reviews News Benchmarks / Tech Buyers Guide Library Search Jobs Contact .... Reviews , News , CPU , GPU , Articles , Columns , Other. Accessory , AMD , Android , Apple , ARM , Audio , Bay Trail , Bristol Ridge / Stoney Ridge , Broadwell , Business , Charts , Chinese Tech , Chromebook , Convertible / 2-in-1 , Cyberlaw , Deal , Desktop , Fail , Galaxy Note , Galaxy S , Gamecheck , Gaming , Geforce , Google Nexus / Pixel , How To , iPad Pro , iPhone , iPhone 7 , iPhone 8 , Kaby Lake , Linux / Unix , MacBook , Monitor , MSI , Notebook , OnePlus Two , Phablet , Rumor , Ryzen (Zen) , Security , Skylake , Smart Home , Smartphone , Smartwatch , Software , Storage , Surface Pro 4 , Tablet , Touchscreen , Ultrabook , Virtual Reality (VR) / Augmented Reality (AR) , Wearable , Windows , Workstation , XPS. Acer Liquid Jade Z Smartphone Review. Florian Wimmer ( translated by Liala Stieglitz), 07/05/2015. Android ARM Smartphone Touchscreen. Acer's Liquid Jade Z is a very lightweight dual-SIM smartphone with many curves. This report reveals whether the device is convincing overall.. Â» Multimedia , Â» Gaming , Â» Lightweight Gaming Â» Budget Office , Â» Business , Â» Workstations Â» Subnotebooks , Â» Ultrabooks , Â» Convertibles. Top 10 under 300 Euros , Â». Best Notebooks for University Students Â». Top Windows alternatives to Apple's MacBook series Â». Â» Tablets , Â» Windows Tablets Â» Smartphones. For the original German review, see here .. Low weight, high-resolution cameras, LTE and an unusual pattern on the rear are to secure the success of Acer's Liquid Jade Z in the mid-range. It is one of the most expensive models from the manufacturer who generally concentrates on devices under 300 Euros (~$333) in its smartphone division.. The rivals cannot wait to compete with the Liquid Jade Z:. Test device courtesy of Acer Deutschland. (download rating image as PNG or SVG ). Liquid Jade Z ( Liquid Series ). 5 inch 16:9, 1280 x 720 pixel, capacitive touchscreen, IPS, glossy: yes. 1 USB 2.0, Audio Connections: 3.5 mm combo audio jack, Card Reader: microSD max. 32GB, Sensors: motion sensor, light sensor, proximity sensor, compass, GPS. 802.11 b/g/n (b/g/n), Bluetooth 4.0, GSM quad-band (850/900/1800/1900), UMTS, LTE Cat. 4 (150 Mbps Download, 50MBps Upload), SAR rates: head 0.547 W/kg, body 0.447 W/kg. height x width x depth (in mm): 7.9 x 143.5 x 69.8 ( = 0.31 x 5.65 x 2.75 in). 9 Wh Lithium-Ion, 2300mAh, non-removable, Talk time 3G (according to manufacturer): 7. Webcam: 5.0MP (front); 13.0MP, AF, LED flash, videos @1080p/30fps (rear). Speakers: rear-sided speaker, Keyboard: virtual keyboard, headset, USB cable, power supply, Acer Extend, Acer Portal, Acer Snap Note, ab-Suite, Acer Nav, 24 Months Warranty, FM radio, dual-SIM. 110 g ( = 3.88 oz / 0.24 pounds), Power Supply: 57 g ( = 2.01 oz / 0.13 pounds). With a weight of just 110 grams (~3.9 Oz), Acer's Liquid Jade Z is a true light smartphone. The Moto G2 comes closest to it with 120 grams (~4.2 oz) and Samsung's Galaxy Grand Prime weighs 150 grams (~5.3 oz). However, the review sample's low weight also leads to a somewhat low-quality feel when holding it.. Acer relies on round, organic shapes for the casing's design. This is extended into details such as the rear-sided speaker or the earpiece on the front. This very curvy design is a matter of taste, but its implementation is consistent and distinct, and we quite like it.. The casing is made entirely of plastic; a subtle texture consisting of vertical and horizontal lines, giving a high-quality impression, covers the rear. This texture also enhances the smartphone's grip. The casing is quite robust: The rear is pressure resistant, but pressure on the front leads to visible reactions in the liquid crystals. The casing tends to creak when it is twisted; otherwise, the build is good.. Are you a loyal reader of notebookcheck? Are you a techie who knows how to write? Then join our Team!. Dual-SIM support is a tradition at Acer's. However, the user will have to decide whether to use two nano-SIM cards, or only one nano-SIM card and a micro-SD card to expand the. Only the first supports LTE in dual-SIM mode. The second is limited to UMTS. In addition, the Liquid Jade Z features an FM radio receiver.. The operating system is based on Android 4.4 with only minor changes to the look and feel of Android, for example, the modified lock screen with multiple quick start slots for apps. Acer has also preloaded a very extensive software bundle that, for example, contains the "ab Suite" for storing documents on the home PC and acts as the cloud server for the user's mobile devices. However, it also includes a lot of adware, and the preloaded programs occupy quite a lot of storage capacity from the outset.. Reviews , News , CPU , GPU , Articles , Columns , Other. Accessory , AMD , Android , Apple , ARM , Audio , Bay Trail , Bristol Ridge / Stoney Ridge , Broadwell , Business , Charts , Chinese Tech , Chromebook , Convertible / 2-in-1 , Cyberlaw , Deal , Desktop , Fail , Galaxy Note , Galaxy S , Gamecheck , Gaming , Geforce , Google Nexus / Pixel , How To , iPad Pro , iPhone , iPhone 7 , iPhone 8 , Kaby Lake , Linux / Unix , MacBook , Monitor , MSI , Notebook , OnePlus Two , Phablet , Rumor , Ryzen (Zen) , Security , Skylake , Smart Home , Smartphone , Smartwatch , Software , Storage , Surface Pro 4 , Tablet , Touchscreen , Ultrabook , Virtual Reality (VR) / Augmented Reality (AR) , Wearable , Windows , Workstation , XPS. The Liquid Jade Z even supports high-speed LTE connections at a speed of up to 150 Mbps in download and 50 Mbps in upload when communicating with the mobile network. We usually had 3/4 of the signal indoors and mostly the full reception outdoors in an urban area in the German O2/E-Plus network.. The smartphone links to Wi-Fi networks in the 802.11 b/g/n standard. This means that the 5 GHz band cannot be used. However, fast connections with up to 240 Mbps are possible anyway. The reception was rather below average. Only half the signal strength was displayed at a distance of ten meters (~33 ft) to the router and through three walls. Web pages opened slightly slower than when directly beside the router.. The GPS reception was quite decent. The module tracked us with an accuracy of up to 6.5 meters (~21 ft) in the outdoors. However, it took relatively long time before it connected to enough satellites. Acer has modified the phone app slightly. Acer has reworked the phone app slightly. Basically, very similar features as in Google's stock app are available. A log displays the last calls, contacts can be grouped, and a quick-dial feature is installed.. We evaluated the voice quality based on several test calls. Our contact heard us in a slightly muffled quality. Premium smartphones have a much clearer sound. The microphone also transmits actions, for example, when a finger slides over the smartphone's back. We also heard our contact as slightly muffled, but we found the quality of the earpiece better than that of the microphone.. Reviews , News , CPU , GPU , Articles , Columns , Other. Accessory , AMD , Android , Apple , ARM , Audio , Bay Trail , Bristol Ridge / Stoney Ridge , Broadwell , Business , Charts , Chinese Tech , Chromebook , Convertible / 2-in-1 , Cyberlaw , Deal , Desktop , Fail , Galaxy Note , Galaxy S , Gamecheck , Gaming , Geforce , Google Nexus / Pixel , How To , iPad Pro , iPhone , iPhone 7 , iPhone 8 , Kaby Lake , Linux / Unix , MacBook , Monitor , MSI , Notebook , OnePlus Two , Phablet , Rumor , Ryzen (Zen) , Security , Skylake , Smart Home , Smartphone , Smartwatch , Software , Storage , Surface Pro 4 , Tablet , Touchscreen , Ultrabook , Virtual Reality (VR) / Augmented Reality (AR) , Wearable , Windows , Workstation , XPS. Acer's Liquid Jade Z features a rear-facing, 13 megapixel camera with LED flash and auto focus. This is a higher resolution than the rear-facing camera of all comparison devices. The 5 megapixel front-facing camera is also ahead of the resolution in the comparison devices.. The image quality of the rear-facing camera is very good. Colors are reproduced well, the focus is usually decent, and the photos can be zoomed in without seeing the individual pixels. Color fringes at the object's edges or. coarse color transitions are not visible. In a direct comparison with the iPhone 6, the. has slightly more dynamic in dark areas, i.e. However, these are very minor differences. Videos can be recorded at a maximum of 1080p and only 30 frames per second. The front-facing camera also shoots decent pictures, making it quite suitable for high-quality selfies.. Scene 1 Scene 2 Scene 3. Choose a scene and navigate within the first image. One click changes the position on touchscreens. One click on the zoomed-in image opens the original in a new window. The first image shows the scaled photograph of the test device.. Acer uses the virtual "Swype" keyboard rather than Google's keyboard by default. However, the user can always switch to Google's model. Swype offers many features and can particularly boast, as the name suggests, with the option of inputting text via swipe gestures. It even supports gestures that first have to be memorized because they are not intuitively conclusive, and are not displayed on the keyboard. In our opinion, the keyboard is slightly cramped with double assignments and relatively small keys.. The touchscreen responded instantaneously to our inputs, and is still very accurate at its edges. The menu keys are faded in at the lower edge; touch buttons or hardware keys are not installed. The only physical controls are the volume rocker on the right and the standby button on the casing's upper edge. The volume control in particular gives low-quality impression and sometimes we even had the feeling that the key wedged slightly.. The screen in Acer's Liquid Jade Z is 5 inches and is based on the IPS technology. The resolution of 1280x720 pixels is standard in this price range. The review sample manages the last place among the comparison devices with its average brightness of 340.3 cd/mÂ². However, the illumination of 93% is relatively even, making homogeneously colored surfaces possible.. 339 cd/m² 327 cd/m² 343 cd/m² 332 cd/m² 343 cd/m² 352 cd/m² 333 cd/m² 341 cd/m² 353 cd/m². 93 % Center on Battery: 343. cd/m²) ΔE Color 5.59 | 0.8-23.34 Ø6.4 ΔE Greyscale 7.25 | 0.64-98 Ø6.7 Gamma: 2.41. Acer Liquid Jade Z Mali-T760 MP2, MT6732, 16 GB eMMC Flash LG Spirit Adreno 306, 410 MSM8916, 8 GB eMMC Flash Motorola Moto G 2. Gen 4G Adreno 305, 400 MSM8226, 8 GB eMMC Flash Samsung Galaxy Grand Prime Adreno 306, 410 MSM8916, 8 GB eMMC Flash Screen Brightness middle Brightness Brightness Distribution Black Level * Contrast Colorchecker DeltaE2000 * Greyscale DeltaE2000 * Gamma CCT. The screen's black level is compelling. With just 0.39 cd/mÂ², dark areas are not very bright and look quite rich. This also results in a decent contrast ratio of 879:1, and the colors on the screen look fairly vivid.. The analysis with the CalMAN software and a spectrophotometer gives more details about color reproduction. A clear bluish-greenish tint is evident here, which is primarily seen in bright grayscale levels. On the other hand, colors look quite natural to the naked eye, although the measured rates show clear shifts, especially in yellow and orange hues.. A glossy screen is of course not ideal for outdoor use, and the comparison devices are usually more suitable for this purpose due to their relatively higher brightness. Only the high contrast of the Liquid Jade Z enables recognizing activities on the screen fairly well even in somewhat bright ambient light.. Thanks to IPS, the viewing angles are good in all directions. However, a shadow moves over the image when tilting the screen back and forth, and dims it from some viewing angles.. Unlike the comparison devices based on. 410 , Acer's Liquid Jade Z relies on a. with four cores, 64-bit support and a maximum clock of 1.5 GHz. smartphone to clearly set itself apart from the comparison devices. The processor performance is at least one third higher than in all other devices, such as. We did not experience any speed. issues with apps or in the operating system in real-life use.. An ARM Mali-T760 MP2 graphics card with a clock rate of up to 500 MHz is installed. It is also a mid-range solution, but can also relegate the comparison devices to the last places.. Browsing on the Internet is also faster with Acer's Liquid Jade Z than with the equally priced comparison devices. The flash storage is also one of the fastest of its kind. However, just less than 11 GB of the 16 GB in our system can be used due to the multitude of preloaded apps. However, it is possible to move the apps to a micro-SD card.. Geekbench 3 32 Bit Multi-Core Score (sort by value) Acer Liquid Jade Z. 32 Bit Single-Core Score (sort by value) Acer Liquid Jade Z. Smartbench 2012 Gaming Index (sort by value) Acer Liquid Jade Z. Productivity Index (sort by value) Acer Liquid Jade Z. Linpack Android / IOS Multi Thread (sort by value) Acer Liquid Jade Z. Single Thread (sort by value) Acer Liquid Jade Z. AnTuTu v5 - Total Score (sort by value) Acer Liquid Jade Z. BaseMark OS II Web (sort by value) Acer Liquid Jade Z. Graphics (sort by value) Acer Liquid Jade Z. Memory (sort by value) Acer Liquid Jade Z. System (sort by value) Acer Liquid Jade Z. Overall (sort by value) Acer Liquid Jade Z. 3DMark 1280x720 offscreen Ice Storm Unlimited Physics (sort by value) Acer Liquid Jade Z. 1280x720 offscreen Ice Storm Unlimited Graphics Score (sort by value) Acer Liquid Jade Z. 1280x720 offscreen Ice Storm Unlimited Score (sort by value) Acer Liquid Jade Z. 1920x1080 Ice Storm Extreme Physics (sort by value) Acer Liquid Jade Z. 1920x1080 Ice Storm Extreme Graphics (sort by value) Acer Liquid Jade Z. 1920x1080 Ice Storm Extreme Score (sort by value) Acer Liquid Jade Z. GFXBench (DX / GLBenchmark) 2.7 1920x1080 T-Rex HD Offscreen C24Z16 (sort by value) Acer Liquid Jade Z. T-Rex HD Onscreen C24Z16 (sort by value) Acer Liquid Jade Z. GFXBench 3.0 off screen Manhattan Offscreen OGL (sort by value) Acer Liquid Jade Z. on screen Manhattan Onscreen OGL (sort by value) Acer Liquid Jade Z. Sunspider - 1.0 Total Score (sort by value) Acer Liquid Jade Z. Octane V2 - Total Score (sort by value) Acer Liquid Jade Z. Mozilla Kraken 1.1 - Total Score (sort by value) Acer Liquid Jade Z. AndroBench 3-5 Random Write 4KB (sort by value) Acer Liquid Jade Z. Random Read 4KB (sort by value) Acer Liquid Jade Z. Sequential Write 256KB (sort by value) Acer Liquid Jade Z. Sequential Read 256KB (sort by value) Acer Liquid Jade Z. Geekbench 3 | Smartbench 2012 | Linpack Android / IOS | AnTuTu v5 | BaseMark OS II | 3DMark | GFXBench (DX / GLBenchmark) 2.7 | GFXBench 3.0 | Sunspider | Octane V2 | Mozilla Kraken 1.1 | AndroBench 3-5. 1156 Points ∼4% -43%. 1426 Points ∼5% -29%. 343 Points ∼7% -51%. 473 Points ∼10% -32%. 0 points ∼0% -100%. 2802 points ∼61% -34%. 0 points ∼0% -100%. 3305 points ∼18% -51%. 196 MFLOPS ∼7% -34%. 100 MFLOPS ∼10% -12%. 21146 Points ∼26% -33%. 18711 Points ∼23% -40%. 603 Points ∼36% -28%. 609 Points ∼36% -27%. 311 Points ∼3% -20%. 349 Points ∼4% -10%. 312 Points ∼7% -42%. 487 Points ∼11% -9%. 1050 Points ∼10% -23%. 866 Points ∼8% -36%. 498 Points ∼13% -28%. 547 Points ∼14% -21%. 9090 Points ∼13% -18%. 9264 Points ∼13% -17%. 3822 Points ∼1% -48%. 3954 Points ∼1% -46%. 4387 Points ∼2% -45%. 4531 Points ∼2% -43%. 8739 Points ∼12% -14%. 7381 Points ∼10% -28%. 8791 Points ∼12% -14%. 2190 Points ∼0% -49%. 2412 Points ∼0% -44%. 2207 Points ∼0% -49%. 2628 Points ∼1% -47%. 2836 Points ∼1% -43%. 2648 Points ∼1% -46%. 5.2 fps ∼0% -73%. 5.7 fps ∼0% -70%. 9.6 fps ∼2% -13%. 11 fps ∼2% 0%. 0 fps ∼0% -100%. 1.6 fps ∼0% +60%. 1.8 fps ∼0% +80%. 3.9 fps ∼1% -54%. 4.2 fps ∼1% -50%. 6.4 fps ∼2% -24%. 979 ms * ∼24%. 1498 ms * ∼37% -53%. 2087.1 ms * ∼52% -113%. 1400 ms * ∼35% -43%. 2961 Points ∼6% -17%. 2057 Points ∼4% -43%. 1447 Points ∼3% -60%. 11448 ms * ∼19%. 20618 ms * ∼35% -80%. 16414.6 ms * ∼28% -43%. 18882 ms * ∼32% -65%. 3 MB/s ∼2% -55%. 11.49 MB/s ∼7% +71%. 2.3 MB/s ∼1% -66%. 15 MB/s ∼9% -52%. 13.49 MB/s ∼8% -56%. 17.5 MB/s ∼10% -44%. 21 MB/s ∼10% -46%. 27 MB/s ∼13% -31%. 18 MB/s ∼8% -54%. 129 MB/s ∼16% -52%. 73.81 MB/s ∼9% -73%. 103 MB/s ∼13% -62%. Acer Liquid Jade Z Mediatek MT6732, ARM Mali-T760 MP2, 16 GB eMMC Flash. LG Spirit Qualcomm Snapdragon 410 MSM8916, Qualcomm Adreno 306, 8 GB eMMC Flash. Gen 4G Qualcomm Snapdragon 400 MSM8226, Qualcomm Adreno 305, 8 GB eMMC Flash. Samsung Galaxy Grand Prime Qualcomm Snapdragon 410 MSM8916, Qualcomm Adreno 306, 8 GB eMMC Flash. The demanding game " Asphalt 8: Airborne " ran smoothly even in high details. It is also possible to play more basic games, such as " Angry Birds " without lags. Control via touchscreen and position sensor is accurate, and does not give any reason for complaint.. Smooth even in high details: "Asphalt 8".. The areas around both the front and rear cameras are already slightly warmer than the rest of the casing even in idle mode. The temperature increase is also very limited to this area under load. The lower area where the smartphone is mostly held is the coolest part - a clever design decision by Acer. The maximum temperature of 40.1 degrees Celsius (~104 degrees Fahrenheit) is noticeable on the rear, but still within limits.. 38.3 °C 32.1 °C 29.9 °C. 39.5 °C 33.1 °C 30 °C. 36.8 °C 32.1 °C 29.9 °C. Maximum: 39.5 °C Average: 33.5 °C. 37.2 °C 32.1 °C 28.5 °C 37.6 °C 31.4 °C 28.5 °C 40.1 °C 32.2 °C 30.3 °C. Maximum: 40.1 °C Average: 33.1 °C. 34.1 °C 29.2 °C 28 °C. 34.9 °C 30 °C 28.3 °C. 33.4 °C 29.1 °C 28.1 °C. Maximum: 34.9 °C Average: 30.6 °C. 32.5 °C 29.4 °C 27.5 °C 33.1 °C 28.7 °C 27.3 °C 33.6 °C 29.5 °C 27.7 °C. Maximum: 33.6 °C Average: 29.9 °C. Considering that it is an affordable smartphone, Acer's Liquid Jade Z provides a decent sound. The maximum volume could be slightly higher and very occasionally the trebles are slightly too prominent. Otherwise, the sound is balanced and pleasant. Of course, excessive bass should not be expected. In addition, the speaker's rear-sided positioning is not really ideal, but Acer's Liquid Z makes the most of it. Users who want more sound quality can connect speakers or headphones to the 3.5 mm jack, which is satisfactory.. Despite its only moderately bright screen, Acer's Liquid Jade Z proved to be quite. It is only exemplary in a turned off state. standby with 0 and 0.1 watts.. The smartphone consumed a minimum of 0.8 watts when on, and it increased to 3.6 watts under full load - which is a bad omen for the battery runtime.. Off / Standby 0 / 0.1 Watt Idle 0.8 / 1.2 / 1.5 Watt. Among other things, the smaller battery in Acer's Liquid Jade Z contributes to the lighter weight compared with most comparison devices. It can only supply 8.7 Wh. Despite its relatively high consumption rates and a rather small battery, the Liquid Jade Z scores quite well in the comparison, and outruns the. with 8:43 hours in the Wi-Fi test. runtime of less than 3 hours is rather short.. NBC WiFi Websurfing Battery Test 1.3 8h. Acer Liquid Jade Z Mali-T760 MP2, MT6732, 16 GB eMMC Flash LG Spirit Adreno 306, 410 MSM8916, 8 GB eMMC Flash Motorola Moto G 2. Gen 4G Adreno 305, 400 MSM8226, 8 GB eMMC Flash Samsung Galaxy Grand Prime Adreno 306, 410 MSM8916, 8 GB eMMC Flash Battery Runtime WiFi v1.3 Load H.264. + Light and slim casing. + Decent camera equipment. - Dark screen with greenish tint. - Middling voice quality. - Either dual-SIM or micro-SD. - Image sharpness not always perfect. - High consumption rates. In review: Acer Liquid Jade Z. Review sample courtesy of Acer Germany.. The fast SoC is certainly an asset that Acer's Liquid Jade Z can boast with. It allows smooth gaming and lag-free navigation in the operating system. The cameras in Acer's smartphone also have some advantages over the comparison devices, and can even compete against considerably more expensive smartphones. The speaker has decent sound for this price range, and the storage can be expanded.. The need to save is actually only noticed in the moderate voice quality and the hybrid solution where the user has to choose between dual-SIM and expandable storage. Furthermore, the screen is not exactly the brightest of its kind.. Acer has done a good job in terms of price-performance, and launches a smartphone that wraps plenty of power and a high-resolution in a decent casing with its Liquid Jade Z. That is definitely worth a purchase recommendation at a price under 200 Euros (~$222).. Acer Liquid Jade Z - 2015-06-18 06/18/2015 v4 (old) Florian Wimmer. Please share our article, every link counts!. > Notebook / Laptop Reviews and News > Reviews > Archive of our own reviews > Acer Liquid Jade Z Smartphone Review. 
Press enter or click on the search icon. 5-inch 720p IPS Zero Air Gap display with Gorilla Glass 3. 13-megapixel rear camera with f/1.8 lens. Hands on with the new Acer Liquid Jade Z. Liquid Jade Z – Processor and graphics. At CES 2015 in Las Vegas Acer revealed its top-of-the-range. Liquid Jade S , an affordable octa-core Android handset priced at €299.. Now the company has created the Liquid Jade Z, a cheaper. version of its flagship, in an attempt to attract more potential Acer users. into the fold at an even lower price point. But if this is a cut-price version. of the Jade S, what sacrifices have Acer made to bring the cost down?. SEE ALSO: HTC One M9 hands-on. Release Date and Pricing The Acer Liquid Jade Z will be available to. purchase from March 2015, starting at €199. Almost identical to the flagship model at first glance, the. Jade Z has a textured plastic curved rear cover and a chrome-like. It’s available in either black or white with silver accents and looks business-like. material quality, it manages to avoid looking cheap.. The antenna has been built into the rear cover, so as not to. hinder signal performance the textured surface is noticeably smoother than that. featured on the other recent Acer releases, such as the Z520 and Z220. suspect some will prefer the smoother finish – I certainly do.. The other thing worth noting is the lack of heft. Jade Z is featherweight in mobile phone terms, weighing a mere 110g. almost 20g lighter than the svelte iPhone 6. Measuring 7.9mm thick and housing a 2,300mAh battery, it fits. very well in the hand and slips into pockets easily.. Instead of the octa-core unit featured in the Jade S, the. Jade Z sports a 64-bit quad-core MediaTek processor. slight drop in performance speed but Acer assures us that the difference won’t. There will be two versions of the Jade Z available. version has 1GB RAM and comes in 8GB and 16GB built-in storage capacities. But we’re also expecting to see a. Liquid Jade Z Plus with 2GB RAM as well, but we’ve yet to get a look at that handset.. The Jade Z uses the same Mali TZ60 graphics chip as the Acer. flagship, which is capable of delivering good quality visuals and stable. In use, I found the interface of the Jade Z smooth and. I especially liked the animation effect on the default lock. Get news, competitions and special offers direct to your inbox. By submitting your information, you agree to the Terms & Conditions and Privacy & Cookies Policy .. Please keep me up to date with special offers and news from Trusted Reviews and other brands within the Time Inc. You can unsubscribe at any time.. We'd also like to send you special offers and news just by email from other carefully selected companies we think you might like. Your personal details will not be shared with those companies - we send the emails and you can unsubscribe at any time. Please tick here if you are happy to receive these messages.. Terms & Conditions and Privacy & Cookies Policy. screen that made it look as though the core apps were underwater. Taking pictures on the Jade Z is handled by a 13-megapixel. main camera and for selfies, the phone features a 5-megapixel front-facing. As well as a decent sized sensor, the main camera of the. Jade Z also features a fast f/1.8 lens, which should be good for lowlight and. The front-facing camera is only f/2.2, but Acer has developed special. modes for taking selfies called Bright Magic Selfie and Surround Light that. aim to enhance self portraits, whatever the conditions are.. SEE ALSO: Best Cheap Smartphones. On first impressions, the Liquid Jade Z seems like a good. all-rounder, with a great mix of top features and smart design. With this device, Acer is offering some top performance at a. price point that’s accessible to people after a mid-range device,. and the Jade Z looks like it could be a strong contender within this. People looking at this may also want to consider the. Moto E , the HTC Desire 620 and the Sony Xperia M4 Aqua .. Trusted Reviews is part of Time Inc. (UK) Ltd Fashion & Beauty Network. 
Read more Pros & Cons. Based on 26 expert reviews. Last revision on January 3, 2017. Motorola Moto G 2015 Gen 3. Casting your lot with the Liquid Jade Z means accepting an awful lot of sacrifices in exchange for a $250 price tag, including compromised battery life and a 720p display.Credit: Samuel C. Rutherford / Tom's GuideIf you don't mind angling for an invite,.... The Liquid Jade Z is an odd device, in many ways. It doesn't have a distinct look, yet it feels so light to hold that it oscillates between being wieldy and cheap. Plastic bodies that are obvious tend to evoke that feeling more now than ever, in my.... The unlocked Acer Liquid Jade Z is an affordable compact smartphone, but there are more attractive alternatives at the same price.... On the whole, the Acer Liquid Jade Z seems like it just can't quite deliver on its potential.The design is attractive, with a new, grey back – but it is rough underhand and does not provide the best user experience for consumers. The Acer Liquid Jade Z looks very much like the Samsung Galaxy SIII with a plastic body and chrome effects trims that highlight the edges of the display and the camera lens on the rear. The shape is very similar too, with nice sweeping curves that aid a.... And for the money, you get a 5in 720p screen, which is not to be scoffed at. But that's not enough to outweigh the Acer Liquid Jade Z's many other flaws.It's as frustrating as it is disappointing, especially when similar money could buy.... The fast SoC is certainly an asset that Acer's Liquid Jade Z can boast with. It allows smooth gaming and lag-free navigation in the operating system. The cameras in Acer's smartphone also have some advantages over the comparison devices, and can even.... This thing is incredibly light and remind me obviously of the previous Acer Liquid Jade from some time back. It also kinda reminds me of the older iPod in the design, plus the fact that it's painfully thin. The phone itself comes in at 110 grams.First.... Its performance is all over the place despite having a pretty peppy CPU Look at the Acer Liquid Jade Z's spec list against its price and it starts to look like the bargain of the year. Top specs and a slim, light body make it seem like one of the best.... A handy little phone with a very well thought out design sensibility and an almost rockstar name, I really like the Jade Z. It brings a touch of class, good battery life and great specs to an oft-relegated category. The Moto G until now was the one to.... Priced the same as the Motorola Moto G, Acer's Liquid Jade Z is a solid mid-range mobile that matches the mighty Moto for visual prowess but packs 4G support, making it a worthy consideration for anyone who wants to stream video on the go. Everyone who handled this phone said the same thing: “Wow, this is light.” It is light enough to sit in a shirt pocket without pulling the shirt askew, and thin enough to feel good in the hand, even with the 5-inch screen. Creating a phone with a large,.... Acer's latest edition is a cheaper version of an already competitively priced phone and it doesn't lose much of its good spec in the journey to find a lower.... Acer announced a flurry of new products at Mobile World Congress in Barcelona, including the successor to the mid-range Liquid Jade smartphone. The Liquid Jade took the position of the company's best looking smartphone when it arrived and the Liquid.... Terms of Use Privacy Policy Advertise Powered by. 
Home › English Community › Products › Smartphones & Wearables › Android Phones. Aspire, E and F Series Laptops. Swift, Spin, S and R Series Laptops. Gateway, eMachines and Packard Bell Laptops. Gateway, eMachines and Packard Bell Desktops. search subcategories search archived. discussions questions comments answers. Examples: Monday, today, last week, Mar 26, 3/26/04. I am unable to listen to voice messages that have been made by callers. I do see the list of missed calls, but am unable to listen to the messages themselves. Any help would be greatly appreciated.. You can try Googling your issue but we would suggest you contact your cell provider/carrier to get your voice mail set up.. You can try Googling your issue but we would suggest you contact your cell provider/carrier to get your voice mail set up.. Sign In or Register to comment.. It looks like you're new here. If you want to get involved, click one of these buttons!. Free 25 GB of Dropbox Space. Register your Acer device and get 25GB of space free for 1 year!. to get all the benefits. Get social and introduce yourself in our. or learn about our ACE Program. Get Support, Drivers or Manuals from Acer. Find your Model Number (Windows only). The opinions expressed on Acer Community are the personal opinions of the authors, not of Acer. By using this site, you accept Acer's Privacy Policy and the. This email address has already been registered.. By signing up, I accept the terms of the Acer Privacy Policy. This website is best viewed using Internet Explorer 10+, Chrome, Safari and newer browsers.. 
The next video is starting stop. Test Acer Liquid Jade Z - Test Mobile. Unsubscribe from W38 - Test Mobile?. Want to watch this again later?. Sign in to add this video to a playlist.. Sign in to report inappropriate content.. Sign in to make your opinion count.. Sign in to make your opinion count.. The interactive transcript could not be loaded.. Rating is available when the video has been rented.. This feature is not available right now. Test du Liquid Jade Z d'Acer, disponible sur Amazon : http://tstmbl.fr/jadezamazon http://www.test-mobile.fr/ ++ Ouvrir pour plus d'infos ++ --- Specs --- Android KitKat Ecran 5" 720p IPS LCD Mediatek MT6732 Quad 1.5GHz 1Go RAM 8Go de mémoire, microSD 32Go 13 mpx, 1080p, 5mpx frontal 2300mAh --- Musique --- Musique de fond (intro/outro) par Kontinuum, First Rain, via NoCopyrightSounds : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SKI1P... Kontinuum : https://soundcloud.com/kontinuum --- Nos autres chaînes --- Twitch : http://www.twitch.tv/axelgaminglive/ Axel Gaming (Minecraft, CSGO, ...) : http://www.youtube.com/user/AxelGamingTM Click n' Cook (recettes) : http://www.youtube.com/user/ClicknCook Mobile Source (prises en main mobiles en anglais) : http://www.youtube.com/user/MobileSou... --- Réseaux sociaux --- Twitter : http://twitter.com/testmobilefr Facebook : https://www.facebook.com/TestMobile Google+ : https://plus.google.com/+testmobile/p.... When autoplay is enabled, a suggested video will automatically play next.. Acer Liquid Jade Z Unboxing & First Look. Acer Liquid Jade Z Hands on Review, Camera, Features, Comparison, Overview at MWC 2015. Acer Liquid Jade Z conócelo en el Mobile World Congress 2015. Test du Acer Liquid Jade Z : un joli smartphone à moins de 200 euros. Acer Liquid Z530 hands on Review, Camera, Features. Acer Liquid Jade Z hands-on: a budget-friendly, mid-range Android phone. Acer Liquid Jade, primeras impresiones IFA 2014. Test du Acer Liquid Jade Z, Par Acer Actu. Acer Liquid Jade Z - смартфон с IPS-экраном и LTE. Acer Liquid Jade Z - Hands On. Acer Liquid Jade S55 - video test (15.11.2014). Acer Liquid Jade Hands on Review, Camera, Price, Features and Overview. Acer Liquid Jade Z | Test deutsch. Обзор Acer Liquid Jade Z ◄ Quke.ru ►. Acer Liquid Jade Z, recensione in italiano. Acer Liquid Jade smartphone productvideo (NL/BE). Déballage du Acer Liquid Jade Z (Unboxing) Par Acer Actu. Acer Liquid Jade Z: la Recensione di HDblog.it. Sign in to add this to Watch Later. 
<span class="i19ndropdownplus new-window" data-url="http://www.stuffmideast.com/">Stuff Middle East</span>. <span class="i19ndropdownplus new-window" data-url="http://www.stuff.co.za">STUFF South Africa</span>. Why 4G, 720p, 5in for £150 doesn’t always make sense. We are part of The Trust Project. Imagine if you could make your own phone. Plug in component X, camera Y and a whacking great battery and you’d have the best phone ever, right?. The Acer Liquid Jade Z sounds like someone’s idea of a dream phone on paper. It's available for around £150 if you shop around, has a 5in 720p screen, 13-megapixel camera and a body much, much slimmer than the Motorola Moto G’s.. But the Liquid Jade Z is proof once more that the specs don't make the phone.. Sometimes looking like a phone made from bits taken from someone’s mental toy box doesn’t quite work, either. Acer has done its best to avoid the Acer Liquid Jade Z looking like just another identikit budget phone, but the thing is I just don’t like many of the bits it has changed.. The little silvery earpiece grille, the circular speaker on the back and the odd fabric plastic finish: none of them look all that good. You’re left wondering what they were going for exactly. None of it hangs together well enough.. So to these eyes the Liquid Jade Z is not a pretty phone, but in truth it could pass for an ugly £250 phone, rather than a £150 one.. Phones this cheap rarely try this hard.. It’s plastic, but it has a unibody design, and is way slimmer than most phones in this class. How come? This is actually a more affordable take on the Acer Jade S, a £200-odd phone that’s a good bit more powerful.. At 8mm thick the Acer Liquid Jade Z has none of the chunk factor of the Motorola Moto G , which is still pretty much the top name in this ‘low price, nice screen’ category. I find the Jade Z much easier to both use and jam in a pocket than the 5in Moto G.. The unibody style doesn’t get you much in the way of a fancy feel, and I can actually bend the whole phone in my hands with a bit of pressure. But aside from not having easy access to the battery there’s no major downside.. For one, there’s expandable storage: the microSD slot and nano SIM sit in a single tray on the side. Again, this kind of tray something you usually get in slightly more expensive phones.. The Acer Liquid Jade Z sits in a tricky spot. Yes, you could convince friends you paid a bit more than you did. But the lack of any real coherent design makes it a bit of an ugly duckling, not something to show off.. The Acer Liquid Jade Z doesn’t have to rely on design too much, though. It’s really much more concerned with the screen-quality-to-price ratio. And here the phone does just fine.. It has a 5in 1280 x 720 pixel screen. That’s big enough to watch the odd film on, but not big enough to really make the lack of Full HD visuals really ‘poke your eyeballs with a toothpick’ apparent.. Viewing angles are pretty great too, even for an IPS LCD screen. You can turn it any which way you please. However, the tone of the Acer Liquid Jade Z screen is a little bit… off.. In a rather unusual twist, the screen’s white balance is a little greenish, which seems doubly weird because green is Acer’s signature colour, and the Acer Liquid Jade Z’s UI is full of the stuff.. Is it deliberate? We hope not because it makes the display that bit less pleasant to look at. You do get used to it, though. Outdoors viewing is fine rather than great. But then this phone costs £150, not £400.. Even after the green screen haze has lifted, you’re still bombarded by green. The Acer Liquid Jade Z runs the old-ish Android 4.4.4 software with Acer’s custom interface, and it’s pretty green- drenched.. Maybe my tastes are just totally different from those of Acer’s design folk, but it’s pretty easy to OD on green, right? While the interface has moved with the times a little bit, we do think that, like the hardware, it’s not the prettiest.. So much that my eyes glazed over and I had an urge to pretend the first four pages of apps didn’t exist. An urge to start fresh with a (preferably non-green) field free of apps somewhere else.. There’s a bunch of Acer apps, including a whole new media suite, and Acer seems to have done a deal with Gameloft, letting the publisher litter new Acer phones with its games.. Granted, some of the stuff is useful, but you need so ‘sign in’ to Acer’s music and video apps, which is always a turn-off, and you can’t get rid of much of the bonus apps. I like to keep a phone as simple as possible, at least at the start. When you know your phone is going to be filled with junk within six months, you don’t want to have an almost-80-app head start.. There’s no way to ‘hide’ apps or put them into folders in the apps menu, and you can’t delete most of the preinstalled gumpf either. So, yeah, I think we do have the right to complain a little bit.. I could live with that, though. Just manage your homescreens a bit and you can get around bloat. Sometimes a bargain phone makes it worth the effort.. The Acer Liquid Jade Z’s performance cycles between perfectly fine and absolutely dire. After using the phone for a few days it slowed to a bit of a crawl.. Tapping a Whatsapp notification would be met with a five second pause as the Acer Liquid Jade Z flicked through its rolodex trying to find out the postal address of the Whatsapp app. And several times I missed a neat photo opportunity because the phone look so long just to boot up the camera.. Just making app icons appear on a home screen can take a couple of seconds, and at times the keyboard lags behind your taps: it gets very frustrating.. So why is it so slow? It’s not down to the raw power of the processor. The Acer Liquid Jade Z has a MediaTek MT6732 CPU, a quad-core processor with bang up-to-date Cortex-A53 64-bit cores. It has 1GB RAM too, and in the Geekbench 3 benchmarks it scores 2061 points, decimating the Snapdragon 410, which is becoming the go-to budget phone CPU for 2015.. Maybe this MediaTek CPU is just a dud. But it’s what really sinks the Acer Liquid Jade Z’s chances of being one of this year’s better budget phones.. It had so much going for it too. The Acer Liquid Jade Z has a 13-megapixel camera with an f/1.8 lens, which is a ridiculous spec for a phone of this price. That lens is just as fast as the Samsung Galaxy S6 ’s.. Does the camera at least stack up? Well, the actual experience of using it is hampered by performance once more. As we said earlier, just loading the camera can take several seconds, and that alone sucks a lot of the fun out.. Shooting HDR photos is very slow too, and will result in double-exposed images if you don’t stay very still. I thought we’d waved goodbye to this kind of HDR a couple of years ago.. The Acer Liquid Jade Z also doesn’t use much in the way of advanced noise reduction. While it can handle low-light shots reasonably well thanks to its f/1.8 lens, any photos you take at night will look pretty noisy up-close.. In daylight the Acer Liquid Jade Z also tends to smush detail into shadow areas, giving an impression of rubbish dynamic range. And when it works the dynamic range-boosting HDR mode doesn’t have anything like the subtlety it needs, resulting in shots that look massively over- sharpened and over-processed. In an unusual turn these days, the best shots we got out of the phone were ‘standard’ ones, not HDRs.. As with other areas of the phone, it's the execution of the hardware, not the hardware itself, that lets the Acer Liquid Jade Z down. You can take some great shots with it, given the right lighting. That said, the phone’s lens doesn’t seem to be anywhere near as sharp as the Galaxy S6’s seemingly-similar f/1.8 lens.. Still, there are some neat extra modes if that’s what you like. As well as HDR, there’s voice command, panorama, beautification, dual shot and a bunch of other modes and creative filters.. After bags of promise on paper, the Acer Liquid Jade Z doesn’t quite manage to really nail any of its core elements. And that’s true of battery life as well.. It has a 2300mAh battery, which is a good 10 per cent or so bigger than the 5in Motorola Moto G ’s 2070Ah unit. However, in general use stamina is nothing to get excited about.. I’ve been using the phone as my main and only phone for a good few days now, and each day it’ll be skirting around battery alert territory (15 per cent) by 7-8pm. That’s without spending any time idly watching Netflix either, just Whatapp messaging and using the camera, for the most part. If you’re a heavy use you’re definitely looking at having to make an early-evening top up with the Acer Liquid Jade Z.. In other words, don’t buy this thinking its battery spec is slightly above-average. The speaker is not much cop either, despite being surrounded by a flare-y grille on the back and the DTS logo.. Like most budget phones, the Acer Liquid Jade Z has a fairly thin, not-that-loud speaker. It’s not terrible, just the norm for a £150 phone, and the DTS mode just adds basic EQ DSP, nothing special.. At least the phone has 4G, though. It may be standard in phones above £100 or so these days, but as of May 2015 the 5in Moto G still doesn’t have it.. Look at the Acer Liquid Jade Z’s spec list against its price and it starts to look like the bargain of the year. Top specs and a slim, light body make it seem like one of the best budget phones around.. However, the reality is a little different. Its performance is all over the place despite having a pretty peppy CPU, making it a pain to use at time.. With a meaty software upgrade the Jade Z could make a solid budget pick for those who want a 720p screen on the cheap. But it’s just not there yet.. Top 10 smartphones in the world right now. 5in IPS LCD with 1280x720 (294ppi). 13MP with single-LED flash rear, 5MP front. Wi-Fi n, NFC, Bluetooth 4.0, 4G. 143.5 x 69.8 x 8 mm. Acer Liquid Jade Z review On paper the Jade Z is a fantastic bargain, but performance issues drag it down. Where to buy Acer Liquid Jade Z:. Where to buy Acer Liquid Jade Z:. Stay on top of tech with Stuff in your inbox every week. Thank you for registering for our Newsletter. We will send you relevant emails and updates.. Where to buy Acer Liquid Jade Z:. 
Sign up for emails and save 10% on your first purchase! Receive Monthly deals and discounts on your favorite home audio products. Be the first to know about new releases and manufacturer specials.. We will not share your email address with anyone.. You have no items in your shopping cart.. Best Home Theater Speakers read more. How to Shop for Electronics and Speakers read more. Which HDMI Cable Do I Need read more. Using a Soundbar to Improve Audio from Your TV read more. Hiding Away Your Audio Equipment in a Closet read more. Hiding Away Your Audio Equipment in a Closet read more. Glossary of Home Theater Terms and Terminology read more. Learn: Home News & Opinion Acer Liquid Jade Z Review. Acer Liquid Jade Z Operating System. Google Now and Speech to Text. Acer Liquid Jade Z Front and Rear Cameras. Operating System: Android 5.0 Lollipop (4.4.4 Kitkat tested). Cellular Connectivity: HSPA, GPRS, HSDPA, EDGE, LTE. Micro SD Card Capacity: 32 GB. Screen: 5”, 1280 x 720 pixels. Cameras: 13 MP main, 5 MP front facing. Battery Run Time: 7 hours talk, 410 hours standby. My ongoing search for a capable smart phone (that doesn’t cost $600 for an unlocked version of the previous generation) has led me back to Acer. There are plenty of mid-range phones out there to choose from, but the Taiwanese company keeps grabbing my attention. I was impressed with the price point on the basic Acer Liquid M220 Windows Phone. It was really limited on the apps I could run, though, thanks to the operating system. The Acer Liquid Jade Z, being an Android phone, has better specs and fewer limitations.. Acer nailed the design on the Jade Z with a sleek, lightweight build. Listed at 5.6” x 2.7” x 0.3” (LWD), it’s very similar to the Samsung S5. It weighs in at less than 4 ounces. There are only two buttons to worry about – power and volume. The rest of the controls are found in the Android OS. You’ve got a 3.5 mm audio jack on the top and a Micro USB charging port on the base.. Rounded corners and silver trim add to the aesthetic appeal of the phone. Like its M220 cousin, it shares the black plastic back cover with a carbon fiber-esque texture.. The Jade Z is a throwback in build quality to the days before premium phones came standard with Gorilla glass. Sadly, my phone had an unfortunate introduction to the pavement from about 3 feet. While it didn’t shatter the glass, it did nick up the corner pretty well and left a small crack. It’s not in the interface section and is only noticeable if you’re looking for it, so I press on.. You’ll want to get protection for the phone, but it’s a little challenging with how new it is to the States. Skinomi has several options from their TechSkin line that I went with. Zags also has a tempered glass options available through the Acer Store, but it’s been sold out every time I’ve checked. For cases, you’ll need to go with something generic. I went with a leather smartphone wallet from D-Park that’s been excellent so far.. Acer’s website says that the Jade Z is shipping with Android 5.0 Lollipop. Mine may have been an early release as it came with Android 4.4.4 Kitkat. I’m not complaining, as Kitkat is still an excellent system. I’m hoping that the Lollipop upgrade will be available soon, or that I’ll get a notification when Marshmallow is available.. Since it’s an Android system, you’ll be able to enjoy most of the available apps out there today. To cover my professional social media needs, I’m running Facebook, Twitter, and Instagram simultaneously with no problems. For my workouts, I keep Strava on to record the session and Road ID so that my bride can check in to see where I am and be notified if I run into any issues on a long bike ride.. Another benefit of the Android system for Google Chrome users is the continuity between phone and computer. It easily integrates your email and other Chrome settings. I’ve become particularly fond of Google Keep. I treat it as a parking lot for ideas or lists. Once created, it’s available wherever I have my phone or computer.. Let me say this openly – I love voice commands and dictation. Google Now (using the OK Google command) is very capable of running searches, opening apps, and setting reminders. It doesn’t have the back and forth interaction of Siri or Cortana, but it does well. Particularly with reminders, I really like that it also syncs with Google Chrome on my laptop.. Whether it’s the microphone or the software, voice dictation is a little touch and go. The included Polaris Office 5 seems to do a reasonable job. However, voice dictation in other apps are hit or miss.. The screen is a win for the Acer Jade Z. It’s crisp and clear when shooting photos or video. You can easily pick out more detail in high resolution photos. The 1280 x 720 resolution means you can enjoy HD video and tell that it’s HD.. With the start of college football season, I loaded up the Watch ESPN app. The images are outstanding, although there is a little screen blur. It reminds me of watching an HD broadcast on a 60 Hz television. Gaming on this phone should be a pretty solid experience with the 1.5 GHz quad core processor and 2 GB of RAM.. Touch screen functions are excellent so far. The screen is wide enough to turn it horizontally and type quickly with two thumbs. While I make the occasional mistake, the auto correct so far has done a pretty reasonable job. Swype typing is also available for those that prefer it. It’s solid with that method as well.. I’ve seen both complaints and high praise for the cameras on the Liquid Jade Z. The 13 megapixel back panel camera captures more than enough data to crop and edit photos. Like the majority of smartphone cameras out there, indoor photos are adequate while outdoor daytime photos are excellent. In either situation, the camera does well with capturing solid color in natural light.. The 5 megapixel front facing camera is great for capturing selfies and Skyping. It’s high enough resolution to take print quality photos. Video capture is also excellent with the ability to shoot at 1920 x 1080 pixels for HD playback.. The Acer Jade Z boasts a MediaTek 1.5 GHz quad core processor. While Acer’s product page lists the Jade Z at 1 GB of RAM and 8 GB of storage, the Acer Store shows a $229.99 price tag with twice that amount. The Micro SD/SIM combo card slot is capable of adding an extra 32 GB of storage. Even with that, you’ll want the additional internal storage and RAM if the option is available. This is especially handy if you use Spotify streaming music and download local playlists to your phone.. a lot of praise for the Acer Jade Z given its hardware, operating system, and price point. There are just a couple of negatives though. I’m not what you would call a heavy user, but I need to recharge once to make it from morning to night. This is pretty much the reality for most phones these days, so just know that this phone is in the recharge group. There are other mid-range phones out there boasting Gorilla glass and water resistance. I’d love to have those features…of course, I realize I’d also have to. In a crowded field of mid-range smartphones, the Acer Jade Z sets itself up to pull away with the front group. I’d like to see Acer continue developing their line of smartphones to include more durability in the mid-range. The design characteristics already look and feel like a top tier phone, so maybe if I’m lucky they’ll reach out even further. Currently, only a few models are available here, but Acer has a full basic to mid-range line in Europe. The Acer Jade Z came to the US from that group, so be on the lookout for more!. See What’s New at the Audiogurus Store. Acer Liquid M220 Smartphone Review Acer Aspire V15 Nitro Black Edition Laptop Review Google Implant Chip for Credit Cards, Phone, and Surround… Personal Cloud Storage with Netgear ReadyNAS RN202 Using AirPlay on Your iOS Device Tabletop Radios and iPod Speakers: the Good, Bad and Ugly. An avid endurance athlete, Kenny has competed in triathlons (he's an Ironman) and various other fitness activities. Still, his passions lie with his faith, family, friends, and now—his growing love for well-designed A/V products and power tools. You'll often find Kenny chatting up engineers and product managers at media events to better understand the technology behind the products.. Leave a Comment Cancel reply. Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *. Acer Liquid M220 Smartphone Review Acer Aspire R 13 Laptop Review Acer Aspire E5 Laptop Review Acer Aspire V15 Nitro Black Edition Laptop Review. Watch 4K HDR Winter Olympics on DISH. OWC Thunderbolt 3 Dock Review for MacBook or iMac. Elite Screens Aeon AUHD Perforated Projector Screen Review. 4K College Football on DISH Hopper 3. Copyright © 1998-2015 WVP - Audioholics Store, LLC. Site Developed by The Plum Tree Group .. 
Home Shop MWC News Reviews Features Opinions Videos The Gadgets 360 Show Cell Guru Prime Tech Smartphone Reviews Tech and Gadget Reviews How-To Videos Video Game Reviews and Features Top Lists by Gadgets 360 Unboxing and Hands-On Videos Podcasts Compare Mobiles Phone Finder DEALS. Mobiles Tablets Apps Gaming Cameras PC/Laptops AUDIO/VIDEO How To Telecom Science INDIA INTERNET SOCIAL MEDIA WEARABLES हिंदी. Home Mobiles Mobiles News. Acer Liquid Jade Z, Liquid Z220, and Liquid Z520 Launched at MWC. Ketan Pratap , 01 March 2015. Share on Facebook Tweet Share Share Email Reddit Comment. Acer has launched three new Liquid-series Android smartphones - the Liquid Jade Z, Liquid Z220, and Liquid Z520 at MWC 2015.. The Taiwanese company has announced that the Acer Liquid Jade Z will be available starting March at EUR 199 (Rs. 13,750 approximately) while the Acer Liquid Z220 will also start retailing in March at EUR 89 (Rs. The Acer Liquid Z520 will be available starting April and will retail at EUR 109 (Rs. Unfortunately, the company has not revealed specific details about availability of the three new smartphones.. ( Also see : Acer Liquid Jade Z vs. All the three new Acer Liquid smartphones will be showcased at MWC.. ( Also see : Acer Liquid M220 With Windows Phone 8.1, Liquid Leap+ Smartband Launched at MWC 2015 ). The Acer Liquid Jade Z features LTE (Cat. 4 support) connectivity and the company touts it brings "premium features to the mainstream." It features a 5-inch HD (720x1280 pixels) IPS OGS display and also sports Corning Gorilla Glass 3 for protection. It comes with Zero Air Gap technology that Acer claims can reduce unwanted reflections. The handset also features Read Mode that eliminates blue-light emissions from the image processing engine to make it easier on the eyes.. Under the hood, the Liquid Jade Z is powered by a 64-bit quad-core MediaTek (unspecified) processor coupled with 1GB of RAM. There is 8GB of built-in storage, with support for expandable storage via microSD card (unspecified maximum storage). The Liquid Jade Z features DTS Studio Sound and supports 24-bit Hi-res audio.. ( Also see : Acer Liquid Jade Z vs. The Android 4.4 KitKat-based Liquid Jade Z can be upgraded to Android 5.0 Lollipop; though there is no word on rollout of the update. Other specifications include 13-megapixel autofocus rear camera with LED flash and f/1.8 aperture while there is also a 5-megapixel front camera. The Liquid Jade Z measures 7.9mm thick and weighs 110 grams.. The Acer Liquid Z220 and Liquid Z520, on other hand, are budget handsets featuring new design pattern that has been inspired by Thai silk with silver pyramid mid-frame.. Out of three Liquid series smartphones, only the Acer Liquid Z220 runs Android 5.0 Lollipop out-of-the-box. The Liquid Z520 runs Android 4.4 KitKat. The Liquid Z220 features a 4-inch WVGA (480x800 pixels) display, while the Liquid Z520 comes with a 5-inch FWVGA (480x854 pixels).. The Liquid Z220 is powered by a dual-core Qualcomm Snapdragon 200 processor clocked at 1.2GHz coupled with 1GB of RAM. There is 8GB of built-in storage which is expandable via microSD card. While the Liquid Z520 is backed by a quad-core Qualcomm Snapdragon 400 processor (unspecified chipset) with 1GB of RAM.. There is a 5-megapixel rear camera with 89-degree wide view angle lens and a 2-megapixel front camera on the Liquid Z220. The Liquid Z520 sports an 8-megapixel autofocus rear camera which the company touts is "a voice-activated camera." It also sports a 2-megapixel front-facing camera.. Unfortunately, the company has not revealed battery and SIM (single or dual-SIM) details for the Acer Liquid Jade Z, Liquid Z220, and Liquid Z520 smartphones.. For the latest smartphone launches by Samsung, Nokia, Sony, Asus, and other MWC 2018 announcements, visit our MWC hub .. Acer Liquid Jade Z, Liquid Z220, and Liquid Z520 Launched at MWC. More Acer mobiles Acer mobiles price in India. Acer Liquid Jade Z, Liquid Z220, and Liquid Z520 Launched at MWC. More Acer mobiles Acer mobiles price in India. Acer Liquid Jade Z, Liquid Z220, and Liquid Z520 Launched at MWC. More Acer mobiles Acer mobiles price in India. Further reading: Acer , Acer Liquid Jade Z , Acer Liquid Jade Z Price , Acer Liquid Jade Z Specifications , Acer Liquid Z220 , Acer Liquid Z220 Price , Acer Liquid Z220 Specifications , Acer Liquid Z520 , Acer Liquid Z520 Price , Acer Liquid Z520 Specifications , Acer Mobiles , MWC , MWC 2015. Ketan Pratap Email Ketan. Ketan Pratap covers daily news and rumours at Gadgets 360. He attended IIMC (Indian Institute of Mass Communication), majoring in English Journalism. Acer Liquid M220 With Windows Phone 8.1, Liquid Leap+ Smartband Launched at MWC 2015. HTC One M9 Launch Live Video Stream From Barcelona. Acer Liquid Jade Z, Liquid Z220, and Liquid Z520 Launched at MWC. Samsung Galaxy S9 और Galaxy S9+ स्मार्टफोन लॉन्च. Nokia 1 एंड्रॉयड गो स्मार्टफोन हुआ लॉन्च. LG V30S ThinQ के साथ MWC 2018 में एलजी ने दी दस्तक. Samsung Galaxy S9, Galaxy S9+ Launched: What's New?. Why Game of Thrones Creators Writing Star Wars Might Be a Bad, Bad Idea. Design by User Feedback? The Customer Isn't Always Right. PS4 Is a Best-Seller but Here Are 4 Reasons It's Far From Perfect. Metal Gear Survive Has a Hidden Message, This Is What It Could Mean Canon EOS 1500D, EOS 3000D Entry-Level DSLRs Launched in India BSNL Partners Nokia for Rollout of 4G VoLTE Services Sony Unveils Xperia Ear Duo to Answer Apple AirPods, Samsung Gear IconX Sony Xperia XZ2, Xperia XZ2 Compact With 18:9 Displays Launched at MWC Mi MIX 2S With Snapdragon 845 Confirmed by Xiaomi; Launching on March 27 Huawei Launches Windows Laptop and Android Tablet at MWC 2018 Samsung Galaxy S9, Galaxy S9+ Pre-Orders Now Open in India ZTE Tempo Go Is Its First Smartphone That Runs Android Oreo (Go Edition) Samsung's Foldable Smartphone Isn't a Gimmick, Claims CEO. Nokia 7 Plus Is an Android One Phone With Dual Rear Cameras, Zeiss Optics Samsung Galaxy S9, Galaxy S9+ With Improved Cameras, AR Emoji Launched Samsung Galaxy S9, Galaxy S9+ Pre-Orders Now Open in India Nokia 7 Plus vs Nokia 7 Nokia 8110 4G Is a 'Slider' Feature Phone With Google, Facebook Apps Sony Unveils Xperia Ear Duo to Answer Apple AirPods, Samsung Gear IconX OnePlus 5, OnePlus 5T HD Content Streaming Issue Fixed, With a Catch Vodafone to Offer 4.5GB Data Per Day for 28 Days at Rs. 799: Report Nokia 8 Sirocco With Dual Cameras, Stainless Steel Frame Launched at MWC Sony Xperia XZ2, Xperia XZ2 Compact With 18:9 Displays Launched at MWC. Sitemaps Archives Advertise About Us Feedback Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions Complaint Redressal Careers Contact Us RSS Ethics Gadgets Hindi. © Copyright Red Pixels Ventures Limited 2018. Fields marked with * are mandatory. 
Product Reviews Components Cases CPUs Cooling Graphics Memory Motherboards Power Supplies Storage Peripherals Keyboards Mice Monitors Virtual Reality Systems Builds Desktops Laptops Gaming. Acer Liquid Jade Z, Liquid Z410: Two Dual-SIM LTE Phones For The U.S. August 27, 2015 at 9:00 AM. Acer Liquid Jade Z SoC Mediatek MT6732 Screen 5 inch IPS Resolution 1280 x 720 RAM 1/2 GB Storage 8/16 GB microSD support Yes (up to 32 GB) Camera 13MP Front-camera 5MP LTE support Yes Dual-SIM Yes Battery 2,300 mAh Dimensions 143.5 x 69.8 x 8 mm OS Android 4.4.4 (KitKat). Acer Liquid Z410 SoC Mediatek MT6732M Screen 4.5 inch IPS Resolution 854 x 480 RAM 1/2 GB Storage 8/16 GB microSD support Yes (up to 32 GB) Camera 5MP Front-camera 2MP LTE support Yes Dual-SIM Yes Battery 2,000 mAh Dimensions 136 x 66.7 x 9.9 mm OS Android 4.4.4 (KitKat). Acer announced that it's bringing two new Android smartphones to the U.S. market: the Liquid Jade Z and the Liquid Z410, both with dual-SIM and LTE capabilities as well as affordable pricing.. The Liquid Jade Z comes with a Mediatek MT6732, which includes a 64-bit 1.5 GHz quad-core Cortex-A53 CPU and a Mali-T760MP2 GPU. It also features a 5" HD IPS display with "Zero Air Gap" technology, which is designed to reduce glare from the sun. The display is also protected by Gorilla Glass 3, which seems to have become almost ubiquitous in mid-range devices these days.. The smartphone also brings an option between 1 GB of RAM and 8 GB of storage, and 2 GB of RAM and 16 GB of storage, just like the new Moto G 2015. The storage can be expanded with up to 32 GB via a microSD card.. The device comes with a voice-activated 13MP camera that has a fast f1.8 lens that excels in low-light conditions. The camera also includes a "Bright Magic" feature, which integrates multiple shots into the same picture for improved quality. In the front, it has a 5MP camera with an f2.2 aperture and also includes Bright Magic Selfie and Surround Light features.. The Liquid Jade Z has support for high-quality 192 KHz/24-bit audio as well, and it brings an HD speaker with DTS sound. It doesn't come with 802.1ac Wi-Fi (only 802.11b/g/n), but it has LTE and dual-SIM support, as well a 2,300 mAh battery -- which isn't that large for such a device, but it's also not a bad match for the more efficient Cortex-A53 CPUs.. The Liquid Z410 is a lower-end device, featuring a quad-core 1.3 GHz Mediatek MT6732M SoC, a 4.5" IPS screen with an 854x480 resolution, a 5MP camera on the back and a 2MP camera on the front. It also comes with an option between 1 GB of RAM and 8 GB of storage, or 2 GB of RAM and 16 GB of storage. The Liquid Z410 also supports microSD cards, dual-SIM and LTE, just like the Liquid Jade Z.. Both devices come with an almost two-year-old version of Android (4.4.4 KitKat), which may not be to the liking of many Android users who are aware of what they are buying. Other customers may just want a phone that works and likely won't be bothered by it.. The Liquid Jade Z will be available in the charcoal gray color with a price tag of $229 for the 1 GB RAM/8 GB storage option, and $249 for the 2 GB RAM/16 GB storage one. The Liquid Z410 will be available in dark brown, also in the two configurations of 1 GB RAM/8 GB storage for $129 and 2 GB RAM/16 GB storage for $149. In both cases, the version with more RAM and storage seems like an easy choice, as they're only $20 more.. The Liquid Jade Z is already available at retailers in the U.S., while the Liquid Z410 will be available in September.. Follow us @tomshardware , on Facebook and on Google+ .. Lucian Armasu is a Contributing Writer for Tom's Hardware US. He covers software news and the issues surrounding privacy and security.. Create a new thread in the US News comments forum about this subject. This thread is closed for comments. Nice! Just when I said we have a major lack of dual SIM phones in the US, Acer comes through! Are they reading my posts?. Newcomer WileyFox Launches Two Mid-Range Smartphones With Cyanogen OS 12.1. How We Test Smartphones And Tablets. © 2018 Purch All Rights Reserved.. 
CNET también está disponible en español.. Richard Trenholm /. Richard Trenholm /. Richard Trenholm /. Richard Trenholm /. Richard Trenholm /. Richard Trenholm /. Richard Trenholm /. Richard Trenholm /. Richard Trenholm /. Richard Trenholm /. Richard Trenholm /. Acer Liquid Jade Z is light as a feather (pictures). 7 of 11. March 1, 2015 3:00 AM PST. MWC 2018: All the phones and gadget... Latest Stories. Alexa lands in more Lenovo Yoga laptops. Alexa lands in more Lenovo Yoga laptops. Samsung Galaxy S9 event: Watch it live here. Samsung Galaxy S9 event: Watch it live here. Sony goes big on cool camera tech with Xperia XZ2 and XZ2 Compact. Sony goes big on cool camera tech with Xperia XZ2 and XZ2 Compact. Apple's moving celebration of marriage equality in new iPhone X ad. Apple's moving celebration of marriage equality in new iPhone X ad. This office supply will clean under keyboard keys in a jiff. This office supply will clean under keyboard keys in a jiff. This concept phone's selfie camera pops up like toast. This concept phone's selfie camera pops up like toast. CNET may earn fees when you click through to a partner site.. 
Back Up Every Byte On Your Device. How-To: Root ACER Liquid Jade Z. Ready to root your Liquid Jade Z? Thanks to One Click Root, rooting has never been safer, easier, or faster. When we called our software “One Click” Root, we really meant it!.. Four Easy Steps to Root Your ACER Liquid Jade Z. How To Root ACER Liquid Jade Z In Minutes. Download and install One Click Root. Connect your Android to your computer. Run One Click Root and let the software. One Click Root Devices ACER Acer Liquid Jade Z. Now, the major manufacturers of PCs, laptops, and tablets have come to their senses the idea of smartphones and undoubtedly venture into the making. Acer is just one of the makers trying to crack the smartphone market and one of their latest efforts is the Liquid Jade Z. Though the firm is known for making cheap devices but the Acer Liquid Jade Z certainly doesn't feel budget and cheap.. The Acer Liquid Jade Z have impressive sturdy build and solid performance. It has a 5-inch screen with 720p HD and has pixel density of 294ppi which is fairly good, though it's not ideal. This device run on Android 4.4.2 KitKat powered by MediaTek quad-core processor with a clock of 1.3GHz paired with a 2GB of RAM, though it isn't smooth performer, it's quite decent anyhow. Disappointing to mention that Liquid Jade Z has a lot of bloatware, pre-installed apps like the Acer Cloud, Acer NAV, Acer Portal, Acer Extend, Quick Mode and Easy Hotspot, that are impossible to get rid of. Another downer is the below average battery life that might disappoint the heavy users and multitaskers. To cheer you up, Acer Liquid Jade Z is equipped with 13MP rear camera and 5MP front-facing camera, supports dual SIM and LTE connectivity, has quite snappy hardware and practical software features, and all that at very reasonable price point. In general, it is positioned as a promising product features of the "value proposition" type. Since it's budget smartphone, you can't expect too high, but again it's worth the money for this class.. Those minorities can be fixed through rooting. Rooting basically means a process where one can gain access to administrative commands and functions of an operating system. With rooting, you give yourself the permission to act like the administrator of the phone and take control over the system files and customize to your liking. The level of customization is almost near limitless. Rooting could be complex and complicated but the end result is worth the risk and all the little work. Rooting has a great power but also comes with some risks, so choose the right rooting tool. Choose one Click Root- the easiest, fastest, safest and most reliable rooting tool you ever known. Rooting is made quick and easy, you'll get root in just few clicks. Root with One Click Root and discover your Acer Liquid Jade Z 's full potential and enjoy like no other.. 24/7 Root Support for Your Android. We Support the Following Services and more …. Instantly gain access to your Android’s root files and unlock its full potential.. Don’t like rooted Android? We can unroot your device with one click.. We can repair annoying Android problems and fix your device.. Installing ROMs can be difficult and complicated. Want the best root-only apps? We’ll install them for you.. Speed up your device and free up space by uninstalling bloatware.. We guarantee your Android device will be protected throughout the rooting process. Our certified Android technicians can safely perform a number of different maintenance services. Whether you’re rooting, unrooting, or repairing Android, we will not damage your device or your data in any way. If we cannot safely root your device, we’ll provide a full refund. I called on One Click Root after my own initial attempt for root bricked my LG G4 (H81010o). If you have a new phone running the latest and more challenging software, then I recommend this service. Technician "JJ" helped me and was a smooth and very capable professional. Rarely do I pay for tech support or make endorsements so purchase with confidence, these folks are legit!. Just had a fantastic experience during an expert session to root my phone with Virgil! Honestly, appreciate his patience, problem solving skills along with his willingness to help. Really looking forward to use this software moving on, and definitely recommending to others. I had a great experience with JJ helping me to root my phone. The Samsung Galaxy S4 is a hard phone to root and took a few attempted, but everything worked out. Just wanted to say thank you very much to JJ, he spent several hours wrestling with my tablet, was polite throughout, helpful, informative and wouldn't give up. A credit to his employers, and should be given a pat on the back, well done 🙂. JJ and everyone at this company (Sean, Camille, Michelle, Alex) are AWESOME!!!!! Thanks so much for your help!!!. Need Help? We’re always here for you. One Click Root is committed to providing superior Android maintenance services. We are always available via live chat and by phone. We love our customers and our customers love us back. In addition, our site features thousands of how-to articles and a deep knowledge base filled with information about your Android device.. Jailbreak Your iPhone / iPad: One Click Jailbreak. Root Samsung Galaxy Note 4 Root Samsung Galaxy S5 Root Samsung Galaxy Note 3 Root Samsung Galaxy S4 Root SAMSUNG GALAXY S8 Root Samsung Galaxy S6 Root Samsung Galaxy S3 Root Kindle Fire Root ale-l21 Root SAMSUNG GALAXY S8 PLUS. SM-J327AZ SM-J321AZ SM-J320F SM-J320M/DS SM-J320F/DS SM-J320F/DD SM-J3109 SM-J320H/DS SM-J320A SM-J320AZ. Copyright © 2018 One Click Root. 
Ver todos los videos en YouTube. Características técnicas Acer Liquid Jade Z. Acer Liquid Jade Z: Características y especificaciones. El Acer Liquid Jade Z es un smartphone Android con conectividad LTE. Posee una pantalla 720p de 5 pulgadas, cámara trasera de 13 megapixels, procesador quad-core de 64 bits, versiones de 1GB de RAM y 8GB de almacenamiento y 2GB de RAM y 16GB de almacenamiento, y Android Lollipop a bordo.. Reviews de usuarios del Acer Liquid Jade Z. No hay experiencias de usuarios del Acer Liquid Jade Z. Cámara de alta resolución (13MP) Procesador quad-core 64 bits Buena densidad de pixels (294ppi) Conectividad 4G LTE. Acer Liquid Jade Z características avanzadas. Mas opiniones del Acer Liquid Jade Z. Opina sobre el Acer Liquid Jade Z. GSM 850 / 900 / 1800 / 1900 (SIM 1 & SIM 2) - HSDPA 900 / 2100 o HSDPA 850 / 900 / 1900 / 2100 - LTE 800 / 1800 / 2100 / 2600. LCD IPS touchscreen capacitivo, 16M colores. 720 x 1280 pixels, 5.0 pulgadas. - Sensor acelerómetro para auto rotación. - Sensor de proximidad para auto apagado. - Conector de audio 3.5 mm. Entradas y campos prácticamente ilimitados, Foto de llamada. - 16GB memoria interna, 2GB RAM (Jade Z Plus) / 8GB memoria interna, 1GB RAM (Jade Z). - Procesador Mediatek MT6752M octa-core 64-bit 1.3GHz. SMS, MMS, Email, Push Mail, IM. 13 MP, 4160 x 3120 pixels, autofocus, flash LED, HDR, detección de rostro, geo-tagging, video 1080p, cámara frontal 5 MP. - 3G HSDPA 21Mbps / HSUPA 5.76Mbps. - Editor de documentos (Word, Excel, PowerPoint, PDF). Funciones clave Acer Liquid Jade Z. Opiniones y Comentarios Acer Liquid Jade Z. Hay 21 opiniones del Acer Liquid Jade Z .. Muy bonito y delgado, desafortunadamente trae defecto que calienta por la mas mínima operación que se realice, lastima porque tiene muy bonito diseño.. Hola me acaban de robar equipo acer. Lte z negro hay manera de moni torearlo?. Q lástima q es el peor celular q he tenido,al empezar,recalentaba como plancha,lo compre en tottus Perú,reclame me lo repararon después de 2 meses ,igual recipientes ,se apaga sólo,q decepción,todo hermoso,compre una plancha en vez de celular,tengan cuidado amigos,me estafaron con esa marca. Compré el acer s57 hace dos dias pero es lento y cuando usó Internet conectado al cargador se anda saltando de aplicación en aplicación este celular viene con aplicaciones de la marca acer y casi llena la memoria interna. Me compré un S57 en Paraguay, le puse el nano chip de Personal en Argentina y no funciona la red de internet de la línea. Ni 2, ni 3, ni 4G. Habrá alguna configuración que no le puse bien? Porque en selección de red, está activada y en LTE. Si alguien conoce alguna solución le voy a agradecer.. Me encantó! es de los mejores celulares que he tenido, muy veloz y resistente, se me cayó varias veces y no le pasó prácticamente nada. Hasta hace poco tuvo una caída muy fuerte y se estrelló la pantalla, pero siguió funcionando como 2 meses, ahora ya no sirve la pantalla, pero estoy pensando seriamente comprar otro igual. Para el precio, me parece excelente.. Mi célula Acer liquidez Jade z plus. cayó y se a roto la pantalla pero sigue operativo donde consigo pantalla. Mi célula Acer liquidez Jade z plus. cayó y se a roto la pantalla pero sigue operativo donde consigo pantalla. no lo recomiendo compre uno realize una llamada el dia que lo compre y terminando la llamada ya no funciono, no prende solo se escucha cuando me llaman pero no se ve la pantalla se queda en color negro, gracias.. El movil es lindo, super delgado tiene funciones para mis necesidades, pero con un volumen muy bajo, se baja la batería demasiado rápido solo en unas cuantas llamadas, tuvo una pequeña caída nada fuerte y se puso la pantalla negra. No lo recomiendo salvo mejoren su tecnología, como digo es bonito y para estas funciones de baja calidad (las que mencione) son caras.. Ver todas las Opiniones del Acer Liquid Jade Z - Total de opiniones de usuarios: 21. Tu experiencia o preguntas sobre el Acer Liquid Jade Z. - Sé preciso en la pregunta sobre el Acer Liquid Jade Z. - Cuenta tus experiencias positivas y negativas. - No insultes, ni uses palabras groseras, si es así probablemente tu opinión se elimine. - Recuerda que smartGSM NO vende móviles ni celulares. Tu opinión vale! Recomienda (o no!) al Acer Liquid Jade Z a otros usuarios. Acer Iconia Tab 10 A3-A20 Full HD. Sony presenta dos nuevos flagships con nuevo lenguaje de diseño: los esperados Sony Xperia XZ2 y Xperia XZ2 Compact. Una alternativa más confiable para desbloquear la pantalla del Samsung Galaxy S9/S9+: Intelligent Scan. Dos propuestas de mediana a baja gama de ZTE: Blade V9 y Blade V9 VITA, dos modelos con ligeras diferencias. Podría ocurrir que se repitan en otro lado, pero las cámaras del Samsung Galaxy S9/S9+ son algo único. Presentación oficial: el Samsung Galaxy S9/S9+ no viene con muchas sorpresas, pero igualmente deslumbra. SmartGSM es una de las comunidades de habla hispana más grandes sobre teléfonos celulares. Fundado en el 2004, smartGSM cubre todas las noticias y novedades sobre telefonía móvil y provee características de teléfonos celulares, smartphones, tablets y wearables. smartGSM cuenta con una comunidad de usuarios que reflejan sus experiencias, opiniones y críticas sobre teléfonos celulares y tablets.. Las especificaciones de los celulares son a título informativo y pueden variar. smartGSM no se responsabiliza del uso de las mismas.. Copyright © 2004 - 2018 smart-gsm.com. 
Enter the characters you see below. Sorry, we just need to make sure you're not a robot. For best results, please make sure your browser is accepting cookies.. Type the characters you see in this image:. 
Acer Liquid Jade Z Price in the Philippines and Specification. Liquid Jade Z features 5" display with Android 5.0 Lollipop, 1.5GHz Quad Core processor and 8GB.. 2G, 3G, 4G (LTE), 8GB, 1GB ... * Prices updated on Feb 26, 2018. * The prices listed have been converted from USD to PHP based on exchange rates of Feb 23, 2018.. Acer Liquid Jade Z 5-inch IPS Quad-Core 1.5 GHz/2GB/16GB/Android 4.4 .... Acer Liquid Jade Z 5-inch IPS Quad-Core 1.5 GHz/2GB/16GB/Android 4.4 Dual SIM. Free shipping or from P55...., 5-10 business days for ... Model :16GB 7 Days Local Supplier Warranty. Free shipping or from P55...., 5-10 business days for ... Free shipping or from P55...., 5-10 business days for ... Acer Liquid Jade Z Price in the Philippines Starts from P3,999. The lowest price of Acer Liquid Jade Z is P3,999 at villman, which is 79% less than the cost of Liquid Jade Z at Lazada (P19,000).. The latest price of Acer Liquid Jade Z was updated on Feb 26, 2018, 09:09.. Video of Acer Liquid Jade Z. Acer Liquid Jade Z hands-on: a budget-friendly, mid-range Android phone. Acer Liquid Jade Z Hands on Review, Camera, Features, Comparison, Overview at MWC 2015. Specs of Acer Liquid Jade Z. standby: up to 410h (2G) / up to 400h (3G) , Talk time: up to 7h (2G) / up to 4h (3G). GSM 850 / 900 / 1800 / 1900 - SIM 1 & SIM 2. HSDPA 900 / 2100 HSDPA 850 / 900 / 1900 / 2100. LTE band 1(2100), 3(1800), 7(2600), 20(800). HSPA 21.1/5.76 Mbps, LTE Cat4 150/50 Mbps. 69.8 x 143.5 x 8 mm (2.75 x 5.65 x 0.31 inches). Reviews of Acer Liquid Jade Z. User Review : 2 Reviews. Mapapalitan na rin ang aking lumang smartphone ngayon kasi naka bili na ako ng bago at ito ay isang Acer Liquid ... More economic than other phones like i phone which is very-very costly...A little sexier and slimmer than a ... Write a review on this product. Read more reviews on this product. Forum of Acer Liquid Jade Z. Magkano na po ngaun ang unit na jade z?tia. Last updated : May 14, 2016. Replies of This topic : 1 Replies. Start a topic on this product. View the forum on this product. Compared to Acer Liquid Jade Z. 5 inches, HD (720 x 1280). 3G, 4G (LTE), 2G, 8GB, 16.... 2G, 3G, 4G (LTE), 16GB, 2GB. 2G, 3G, 4G (LTE), 16GB, 2GB. 5.5 inches IPS, HD (1280 ... 2G, 3G, 4G (LTE), 32GB, 3GB. Most viewed ranking for Acer Mobile Phones. View Mode: PC | Mobile. Please be aware that we cannot guarantee that all the information shown, such as prices, specs, images, etc. Prices and stock availability for each shop are always changing. If you are considering making a purchase, please refer to the merchant's page to ensure that you have the most up-to-date information. In order to use this website and its services, users must consent to and abide by the Terms of Use. By accessing or using any area of this website, you hereby agree to be legally bound and abide by the Terms.. Copyright © Priceprice.com All rights reserved. (Produced by kakaku.com that is Japan's No.1 Comparison Website). 
Page of. Manual will be automatically added to "My Manuals". Manuals Brands Acer Manuals Cell Phone Liquid Jade Z Quick manual Acer Liquid Jade Z Quick Manual. Also See for Liquid Jade Z. User manual - 89 pages. Acer Liquid Jade Z Quick Guide. For detailed product information, please go to www.acer.com.. For service and support information, or to download the User. Guide, drivers and applications, please follow the instructions. Go to www.acer.com and click Support > DRIVERS AND. Select appropriate items from Select Product Family >. Select Product Line > Select Product Model.. Select the operating system from the drop-down menu.. Android is a trademark of Google Inc. Also See for Acer Liquid Jade Z. Acer Liquid Jade S User Manual 89 pages. Related Manuals for Acer Liquid Jade Z. Cell Phone Acer Liquid Z410 User Manual. Cell Phone Acer Liquid M220 User Manual. Cell Phone Acer liquidmini Ferrari Edition User Manual. Cell Phone Acer Liquid Mini User Manual. Cell Phone Acer Liquid S100 User Manual. Cell Phone Acer Liquid E700 Trio E39 User Manual. Cell Phone Acer Liquid Zest Quick Manual. Acer liquid z410 smartphone user's manual (89 pages). Cell Phone Acer Liquid Zest User Manual. Cell Phone Acer liquid User Manual. Cell Phone Acer Liquid E380 User Manual. Cell Phone Acer Liquid E600 User Manual. Cell Phone Acer Liquid Z4 User Manual. Cell Phone Acer Liquid Z220 Duo User Manual. Cell Phone Acer Liquid Z3 User Manual. Acer liquid: user guide (57 pages). Summary of Contents for Acer Liquid Jade Z. Page 2: Setting Up For The First Time. Page 5: Unpacking Your Smartphone, Getting To Know Your Smartphone. Page 9: Replacing The Battery, Disposal And Recycling Information, Rohs Compliance, Fcc Regulations. For service and support information, or to download the User Guide, drivers and applications, please follow the instructions below: 1. Go to www.acer.com and click Support > DRIVERS AND MANUALS. Select appropriate items from Select Product Family > Select Product Line > Select Product Model.. Setting up for the first time Inserting the SIM cards and microSD card 1. Remove the SIM / SD card holder from the left-hand side of the phone.. Ensure the microSD card and/or SIMs are fully seated in the holder and carefully insert the holder into the slot. Note: Ensure the cards do not slip out of the holder when you are reinserting it.. Charging your phone For initial use, you need to charge your smartphone for eight hours. After that you can recharge the battery as needed. Connect the AC adapter cord to the micro USB connector on your smartphone. Plug the AC adapter into any AC outlet and charge the device.. Your new smartphone comes packed in a protective box. Carefully unpack the box and remove the contents. If any of the following items is missing or damaged, contact your dealer immediately: • Your new Acer smartphone • USB cable • AC adapter •.... - 83 Specifications Note Specifications may vary depending on region and configuration. Performance • 1.5 GHz Quad-core processor • System memory: • 1 GB or 2 GB of RAM (depending on model) • 8 GB or 16 GB of ROM (depending on model) •.... 84 - Connectivity • Bluetooth 4.0 • IEEE 802.11b/g/n • LTE Band 2, 4, 7, 17 • * GSM 850 / 900 / 1800 / 1900 MHz • * WCDMA: 850 / 900 / 1900 / 2100 MHz • HSPA+ / GPRS / EDGE •.... - 85 Dimensions Height 143 mm Width 69 mm Thickness 7.8 mm Weight 116 g (with battery). To minimize pollution and ensure utmost protection of the global environment, please recycle. For more information on the Waste from Electrical and Electronics Equipment (WEEE) regulations, visit www.acer- group.com/public/Sustainability It is compliant with WEEE regulation RoHS compliance This product is in compliance with Directive 2011/65/EU of the European.... B digital device, pursuant to Part 15 of the FCC Rules. These limits are designed to provide reasonable protection against harmful interference in a residential installation. This equipment generates, uses and can radiated radio frequency energy and, if not installed and used in accordance with the instructions, may cause harmful interference to radio communications.. (1) l'appareil ne doit pas produire de brouillage, et (2) l'utilisateur de l'appareil doit accepter tout brouillage radioélectrique subi, même si le brouillage est susceptible d'en compromettre le fonctionnement." CAN ICES-3(B)/NMB-3(B) RF exposure information (SAR) This device meets the FCC/IC requirements on the limitation of exposure of the general public to electromagnetic fields by way of health protection.. The highest SAR value of this device is listed below: FCC (W/kg @1g) IC (W/kg @1g) Head 0.73 0.73 Body 1.19 1.19.... S57 , Liquid z220 , Liquid m220 , Z220aws , M220aws , Liquid z410. By pressing 'print' button you will print only current page. To print the manual completely, please, download it.. Don't show me this message again.. Our app is now available on Google Play. Don't have an account? Sign up!. 
Page of. Manual will be automatically added to "My Manuals". Manuals Brands Acer Manuals Cell Phone Liquid Jade S User manual Acer Liquid Jade S User Manual. Related Manuals for Acer Liquid Jade S. Cell Phone Acer Liquid Jade Z Quick Manual. Cell Phone Acer liquidmini Ferrari Edition User Manual. Cell Phone Acer Liquid Mini User Manual. Cell Phone Acer Liquid S100 User Manual. Cell Phone Acer Liquid M220 User Manual. Cell Phone Acer Liquid E700 Trio E39 User Manual. Cell Phone Acer Liquid Zest Quick Manual. Cell Phone Acer Liquid Zest User Manual. Cell Phone Acer liquid User Manual. Cell Phone Acer Liquid E380 User Manual. Cell Phone Acer Liquid E600 User Manual. Cell Phone Acer Liquid Z4 User Manual. Cell Phone Acer Liquid Z410 User Manual. Cell Phone Acer Liquid Z220 Duo User Manual. Cell Phone Acer Liquid Z3 User Manual. Acer liquid: user guide (57 pages). Acer liquid z410 smartphone user's manual (89 pages). Summary of Contents for Acer Liquid Jade S. Page 7: Installing A Sim Or Microsd Card. Page 12: Navigating Through Menus And Options. Page 19: The Extended Home Screen. Page 30: Answering Or Declining A Call. Page 33: Replying To A Message. Page 37: Setting Up Your Google Email. Page 46: Using The Dual Shot Feature. Page 48: Using Your Smartphone With Acerextend. Page 66: Changing Language And Text Options. Page 71: Inserting A Microsd Card. Page 72: Managing Your Sim Cards. Page 77: Other Sources Of Help. Page 86: End User License Agreement. This revision: December 2014 Sign up for an Acer ID and enjoy great benefits Open the Acer Portal app from the Start screen to sign up for an Acer ID or sign in if you already have an Acer ID.. Table of contents - 3 A B L E O F C O N T E N T S Setting up Going online Unpacking your smartphone....5 Browsing the internet ......35 Getting to know your smartphone.... 5 Using the browser ........35 Setting up Email......... 4 - Table of contents Restoring to factory settings ....68 Vehicles ............ 80 Accessories and tips Emergency calls ........81 Using the headset ........70 Taking care of your smartphone..... Your new smartphone comes packed in a protective box. Carefully unpack the box and remove the contents. If any of the following items is missing or damaged, contact your dealer immediately: • Your new Acer smartphone • USB cable • AC adapter •.... 6 - Setting up Item Description microSD card / SIM card Accepts a microSD card and one or two SIM cards tray (depends on model purchased). Note: The microSD card replaces a SIM card in models that support two SIMs. 3.5 mm headphone jack Connects to stereo headphones.. Setting up - 7 Connect the AC adapter cord to the micro USB connector on your smartphone. Installing a SIM or microSD card Note The information in this UM may vary according to the number of SIMs you are using. To take full advantage of your smartphone’s telephony capabilities, you must install a SIM card.. Insert the SIM and/or microSD card as shown. Note Your smartphone can accept one nano SIM and one microSD card, OR two nano SIMs. Take care not to damage your cards when you reinsert the carrier.. Insert the carrier, taking care to ensure that the card(s) remain correctly seated in the carrier. SIM card lock Your smartphone may come with a SIM card lock, i.e., you will only be able to use the SIM card provided by your network operator. To cancel the SIM lock, contact your network provider.. 10 - Using your smartphone S I N G Y O U R S M A R T P H O N E Turning on for the first time To turn on your smartphone for the first time, press and hold the power button until the screen turns on.. Using your smartphone - 11 smartphone does not unintentionally use any services. Your smartphone will lock automatically if it is not used for one minute. Waking your smartphone If the screen is off and the smartphone does not react to any taps on the screen or front panel button, then it has been locked and is in sleep mode.. Tap this button to see recently opened apps. Tap an app to open it. At the bottom of the Menu screen are Acer Float apps. Tap a Float app to open the app in its own window while keeping what you were doing visible.. Using your smartphone - 13 Drag: Hold your finger on the screen and drag across the screen to select text and images. Tap and hold: Tap and hold an item to see a list of actions available for that item. On the pop-up menu that appears, tap the action you want to perform.. 14 - Using your smartphone Put your finger on the first letter of the word and draw a path from letter to letter, lifting up only after the last letter. Swype will insert spaces where necessary. Swype will usually add a double letter in a word when needed, but you can help Swype recognize you want a double letter by scribbling slightly or making a loop on the.... Using your smartphone - 15 Function Description Preferences Change your text input preferences. Language Options Set the language used by the keyboard. Add contact names and words used in posts Swype Connect to your personal dictionary. Change keyboard theme, edit your personal dictionary and personalize your experience Personalization by signing in to Facebook, Twitter or Gmail to.... 16 - Using your smartphone Predictive text Google keyboard provides predictive text input for the browser. As you tap the letters of a word, a selection of words are displayed above the keyboard that continue the sequence of letters tapped, or are a close match allowing for errors.. Using your smartphone - 17 The Home screen The Home screen gives you quick access to information and simple controls with widgets or shortcuts. These display information such as the time and weather, or provide additional controls and direct access to apps and other frequently used features of your smartphone.. 18 - Using your smartphone Basic Mode This provides photo-based dialing and messaging options that are ideally suited to younger and/or inexperienced smartphone users. Turning Quick Mode on To turn Quick Mode on: 1. Open the Apps menu > Quick Mode. Using your smartphone - 19 In order to search or browse the Internet, you must be connected to a cellular data (if available) or wireless network. See Going online on page Voice search If voice search is available, tap the microphone and speak your search request.. 20 - Using your smartphone Tap Widgets to see small apps and links (such as custom shortcuts, contacts or bookmarks) that you can add to a Home screen. Widgets are small apps that display constantly-updated information or quick shortcuts to apps or special functions. To move an app or widget to the Home screen, tap and hold an item until it is selected.. Using your smartphone - 21 This will create an Unnamed Folder. Tap the folder icon and then tap the name of the folder to rename it. To delete an app shortcut from a folder, tap on the folder icon to display the apps inside and then tap and hold the app icon that you want to remove.. 22 - Using your smartphone The Apps menu To access the Apps menu, on the Home screen tap in the center of the dock. Apps are displayed in alphabetical order. Swipe the page to the left or right to see more apps.When you are on the last page of apps, swipe to the left to see widgets available on your tablet, or tap Widgets at the top of the page.. Using your smartphone - 23 Multitasking You can have multiple apps open at the same time. To open a new app, tap the home button to return to the Home screen, then start the new app. Tap the Menu button to quickly navigate back and forth between previously-opened apps.. 24 - Managing contacts A N A G I N G C O N T A C T S Managing your contacts Your smartphone features an address book that allows you to save contacts to either the internal memory or onto your SIM card. Tap the Contacts app from the Apps menu or tap All contacts from the Dialer to view your contacts.. Managing contacts - 25 You may scroll down the page and tap Add another field to add things such as: • IM addresses. • Add any personal notes about the contact. • Phonetic name • Link a website To assign an image to your contact, tap the silhouette and select whether to take a photo or select an image from your smartphone’s picture gallery.. 26 - Making calls A K I N G C A L L S This chapter shows you how to make phone calls, and the various options available to you during your call. Before making a call Check that the phone function is on before you make a call. You can confirm the phone status from the Notification area.. Making calls - 27 Making a call Note If you have multiple SIMs inserted in the smartphone, you will be asked which SIM to use before the call is connected. To select a SIM, just tap the name of the carrier. 28 - Making calls Viewing missed calls Missed call notifications are displayed in the following three areas: 1. The Notification area with the missed call icon. Open the Notification area and tap the missed call notification to display the missed call details. Making calls - 29 Simply tap and hold 0+ on the onscreen number pad until + appears onscreen. Important International call rates can vary greatly depending on the country you are calling and your network provider. We suggest you check all call rates with your network provider, to avoid excessive bills.. 30 - Making calls page 22). Tap the Float caller button to activate (green means Float caller is "ON"). Answering or declining a call When you have an incoming call, the number will be shown on the screen. To accept or decline the call, tap the appropriate icon and slide your finger across the screen.. Making calls - 31 Saving a dialed number to contacts You can save a number you have dialed to your contacts for future use. From the Call History , tap the number and then tap Add to contacts 2. Tap Create new contact and enter the information. See Adding a contact on page Conference calls.... 32 - Messaging E S S A G I N G This chapter shows you how to set up and use the Messaging functions of your smartphone. All SMS and MMS messages are accessed via Messaging. Messaging automatically arranges received and sent messages into threads.. Messaging - 33 Enter your message in the text box labeled Type text message. Note Text messages may be up to 160 characters long. If your message is longer than 160 characters, it will be sent as multiple linked messages. Most phones will automatically join the linked messages to present the recipient with a single long message, however, some older phones do not have this ability.. 34 - Messaging Multimedia messages Multimedia messages are similar to text messages but also allow you to attach files such as pictures, audio or video clips. Each message can be up to 300 kB in size. Note You need to set up an MMS profile before you can send MMS messages. Normally, your smartphone will set up the profile for you based on information retrieved from your provider.. Going online - 35 O I N G O N LI N E Browsing the internet In order to browse the internet with your smartphone, you must be connected to a data or wireless network. Using the browser To start browsing, open the Apps menu and tap the Chrome or Browser icon.. 36 - Going online To navigate forward and backward in your browser’s history, view your bookmarks, adjust browser settings, and perform other tasks, tap the Menu button. Chrome enables you to open multiple pages. Tap at the top of any webpage to display all of your open tabs (tap again to close).. Going online - 37 Setting up your Google email 1. Make sure your smartphone is connected to a data or Wi-Fi connection. From the Apps menu tap Gmail. If you did not enter your Gmail account address and password when you first started your smartphone, follow the onscreen instructions.. 38 - Going online Play Store Important see FAQ and troubleshooting For connection issues with Play Store, on page 75 Tap Play Store from the Apps menu to open the Google Play. Here you can obtain a variety of add-on programs and apps to enhance the functionality of your smartphone.. Going online - 39 You may keep track of the download progress from both the app’s page and the notification area. Important Some apps may require payment before you can download them. You will need to have a Google Wallet account in order to pay for these apps, or a credit card number associated with your Google account.. Tap on a contact to open a chat session. After you have connected, you can open a video chat session. Maps Get easy-to-follow directions using Google Maps, view real-time traffic condition and navigate by using spoken, turn-by-turn driving instructions.. Using the Camera - 41 S I N G T H E A M E R A Your smartphone features two digital cameras mounted on the front and on the rear. This section will take you through all the steps in taking photos and videos with your smartphone.. 42 - Using the Camera Tap the Camcorder button and the camcorder immediately begins filming. While filming, you are unable to access camera/camcorder settings; however, you can still take pictures. Time elapsed Pause Last picture / Stop recording video taken Shutter button Tap the Pause button to temporarily stop recording and tap it again to restart recording.. Using the Camera - 43 Mode selector Tap the Mode selector icon to open the list of modes you can choose from. Tap the icons along the top to select different items. Camera Capture mode: Select a capture mode. Normal Smile shutter Multi-angle view Panorama.... 44 - Using the Camera Mono Aqua Sepia Camcorder Record mode: Select from Normal or Time lapse. White balance Compensate for different lighting environments. Auto Fluorescent Daylight Incandescent Cloudy Image properties Adjust the Sharpness, Hue, Saturation, Brightness, and Contrast. Timer Set the delay before the shutter is activated.. Using the Camera - 45 Photo You may adjust the following: • Resolution: Set the picture resolution. • Set a mode as your Favorite shot. • Continuous shutter: Set the maximum number of photos taken in a single burst.. 46 - Using the Camera 4. Tap the Shutter button to take a picture. Using the Dual Shot feature Dual Shot takes a photo using both cameras simultaneously and superimposes one on the other. This way you can add yourself into family pictures, scenic shots, etc.. Using the Camera - 47 The camera app will process the images and save a single extended image to your smartphone’s gallery. Frame your subject and steady your smartphone and zoom in or out as needed. Connect your Acer smartphone to your computer via a USB cable. Once you have successfully established a connection (installation procedures may vary depending on smartphone model), follow the instructions to continue the setup.. Using your smartphone with AcerEXTEND - 49 4. In Settings > Developer options, debugging must be enabled. Tap the empty checkbox and tap OK to allow USB debugging. Note To enable Developer options go to Settings > About phone, and tap Build number until you see "You are now a developer".... 50 - Using your smartphone with AcerEXTEND If you see the Windows security popup window after double-clicking the installer, click More info and click Run anyway. Note Some antivirus software may prevent this installer from running on your computer. You may copy the installer from the smartphone's internal storage drive onto your computer's desktop and run the installer from there.. Using your smartphone with AcerEXTEND - 51 you can control all of your smartphone features. Click the button again to hide the toolbar. The toolbar functions are described below: Icon Function Icon Function Back Home Turn Always on top on or Switch app Minimize AcerEXTEND Close AcerEXTEND.... 52 - Using your smartphone with AcerEXTEND AcerEXTEND wireless connection Note Your Acer smartphone and computer must both be connected to the same wireless network before you can establish an AcerEXTEND wireless connection. There are four ways to establish a wireless connection between your smartphone and your computer: 1.. Using your smartphone with AcerEXTEND - 53 will change to. Click the button to toggle the connection from USB cable to wireless. You may also use Sound Trigger. Sound Trigger must first be enabled on your smartphone. Tap the setup menu in the top right- hand corner of the AcerEXTEND panel on your smartphone.. AcerEXTEND will auto rotate the screen on the computer when it detects that the orientation of the smartphone has changed. Air Wireless Play: AcerEXTEND supports Acer smartphone user control from your computer via a wireless connection and can be auto started by Sound Trigger if it is enabled.. Using your smartphone with AcerEXTEND - 55 • Move the cursor to the location you want to place the text, left- click and hold, and click Paste. Note You can also copy and paste text from your smartphone to your computer by following the same instructions.. 56 - Using your smartphone with AcerEXTEND AcerEXTEND FAQ Why can't I use my smartphone's onscreen keyboard to enter text with AcerEXTEND? AcerEXTEND may have crashed or did not properly shut down, therefore, causing the AcerEXTEND software keyboard to remain as the default keyboard input method.. Please connect your USB cable to a USB 2.0 port on your computer first and then restart AcerEXTEND. How do I dismiss the AcerEXTEND - Acer smartphone Not Found warning? • Unlock the smartphone. If you see a window asking you to Always allow from this computer, make sure it is checked and tap OK.. 58 - Advanced settings D V A N C E D S E T T I N G S Putting your smartphone in Airplane mode You can enable Airplane mode (also known as flight mode) to turn off telephone, wireless and Bluetooth functions and use your smartphone as a handheld device during a flight.. Press and hold the power button until you get the smartphone options menu. Tap Airplane mode to switch it ON or OFF. Note When Airplane mode is active, the icon will be displayed in the Notification area.. 60 - Advanced settings Adjusting settings Activating or deactivating connections Open the Apps menu and tap Settings to manage your connection settings. Item Description Set a default SIM for particular functions (such as voice calling or messaging), turn the SIM management data connection on or off, set roaming preferences and associate contacts with a SIM.. Advanced settings - 61 Item Description Access additional connection settings: Airplane mode: Disable all wireless connections so you can safely use this device onboard an aircraft. Default SMS app: Choose which app serves as the default SMS app. Tethering & portable hotspot: Share your smartphone’s mobile data connection via More.... 62 - Advanced settings Internet sharing Tethering via USB If you wish to share your mobile internet connection with a computer, you can connect your smartphone to a PC using the supplied USB cable. Plug the USB sync cable into the micro USB connector on your smartphone.. Advanced settings - 63 Selecting a network Your smartphone will automatically detect your carrier/network settings when you insert a new SIM card. However, you may prefer to manually select a network. This may be a good idea when roaming. Note When you are traveling, manually selecting a network may help to reduce your roaming charges.. 64 - Advanced settings Sound To adjust your smartphone’s sound settings, in the Apps menu tap Settings > Sound. Item Description Vibrate Vibrates the device for incoming calls. Adjust the Ringtone, Notifications, and Alarm Volumes volumes. SIM1 ringtone Sets your default ringtone for SIM1. SIM2 ringtone Sets your default ringtone for SIM2.. Advanced settings - 65 Display To adjust your smartphone’s display settings, in the Apps menu tap Settings > Display. Item Description Theme Change the Home screen’s theme. Enable rotation of the screen when device is Auto-rotate screen tilted.. 66 - Advanced settings • Set which days to repeat the alarm. Changing language and text options Set your location and language input preferences by opening the Apps menu and going to Settings >.... Advanced settings - 67 tap the appropriate account and again under ACCOUNTS tap that account’s email address to access the synchronization settings. To add a new account, tap Add account. Select the type of account and then follow the onscreen instructions. Google Sync In Google, you can set synchronization for Google services.. 68 - Advanced settings Tap the back icon to turn the radio off. Applications (apps) Closing an app To close an active app, in the Apps menu tap Settings > Apps. Swipe over to the Running tab, then tap the program you wish to close.. Advanced settings - 69 smartphone is not locked. Press any key or tap the screen to see if the smartphone responds. Important You should only perform a clean boot when all other options have failed to restore your smartphone to an operational state. This will erase all your personal information, any contacts stored on your smartphone and any programs you installed.. 70 - Accessories and tips C C E S S O R I E S A N D T I P S This chapter shows you how to use accessories with your smartphone, as well as provide useful tips for when you are using your smartphone.. Accessories and tips - 71 4. When you have finished tap the Menu button and then tap Save. Important Some providers and countries do not allow the use of a smartphone as a modem over HSDPA. Please check with your provider before attempting to do so.. 72 - Managing your SIM cards S I M A N A G I N G Y O U R C A R D S Note This chapter is for models with more than one SIM card. If your smartphone detects a new SIM card, you will be asked to confirm the preferred SIM to use for each action.. Managing your SIM cards - 73 Selecting which SIM to use when making a call If you have set Voice call to Always ask, you will be asked which SIM to use each time you make call. Enter the number, then tap dialog opens;.... 74 - Managing your SIM cards Identifying calls Whenever you receive a call, the caller’s number will be shown using the color defined for the SIM that the call is being received on. You will also be shown the name of the SIM receiving the call. In the call log, the name of the SIM will be shown beneath the number of the call -- whether the call was missed, answered or was an outgoing call -- in the color you defined for that SIM.. Appendix - 75 P P E N D I X FAQ and troubleshooting This section lists frequently asked questions that may arise during the use of your smartphone, and gives easy answers and solutions to these questions. Aspect Question Suggestions If the headset is plugged into the device, the speaker is automatically shut off.. 76 - Appendix Aspect Question Suggestions 1. First check that you have a Wi-Fi or data connection (some Wi-Fi "hotspots" require you to log in before accessing the internet) and then try again. If you still cannot connect, try Why can’t I Google Play adjusting your date/time settings.. Other sources of help For information on Refer to ... Up-to-date information regarding www.acer.com your smartphone mobile.acer.com Service enquiries www.acer.com/support.... 78 - Warnings and precautions A R N I N G S A N D P R E C A U T I O N S • Do not use this product near water. • Do not place this product on an unstable cart, stand or table. If the product falls, it could be seriously damaged.. Warnings and precautions - 79 Operating environment Important For safety reasons, turn off all wireless or radio transmitting devices when using your smartphone device under the following conditions. These devices may include, but are not limited to: wireless LAN (WLAN), Bluetooth and/or cellular services. Remember to follow any special regulations in force in any area, and always switch off your device when its use is prohibited or when it may cause interference or danger.. 80 - Warnings and precautions • Not carry the device near your pacemaker when the device is switched on. If you suspect interference, switch off your device, and move it. Some digital wireless devices may interfere with some hearing aids.. Warnings and precautions - 81 storage, and distribution areas; chemical plants; or where blasting operations are in progress. Areas with a potentially explosive atmospheres are often, but not always, clearly marked. They include below deck on boats, chemical transfer or storage facilities, vehicles using liquefied petroleum gas (such as propane or butane), and areas where the air contains chemicals or particles such as grain, dust or metal powders.. 82 - Warnings and precautions 3. DO be careful not to drop your smartphone or subject it to any strong impact. Do not place your smartphone in your back pocket. DO NOT expose your smartphone to extreme temperatures. For example, do not leave your smartphone on the dashboard of a car on a hot day or when temperatures are below freezing point.. - 83 Specifications Note Specifications may vary depending on region and configuration. Performance • 1.5 GHz octa-core processor • System memory: • 1 GB or 2 GB of RAM (depending on model) • 8 GB or 16 GB of ROM (depending on model) •.... 84 - Connectivity • Bluetooth 4.0 • IEEE 802.11b/g/n • LTE Band 1, 3, 7, 20 (Europe and Asia); 2, 4, 7, 17 (Americas) • * GSM 850 / 900 / 1800 / 1900 MHz • * WCDMA: 850 / 900 / 1900 / 2100 MHz •.... - 85 Dimensions Height 143 mm Width 69 mm Thickness 7.8 mm Weight 116 g (with battery). Sublicense or otherwise make the Software available to third parties, except that you may, after prior written notification to Acer, transfer the Software as a whole to a third party so long as you do not retain any copies of the Software and such third party accepts the terms of this Agreement.. Title, ownership rights and intellectual property rights in and to the Software and all copies thereof shall remain with Acer or Acer's licensors or suppliers (as applicable). You do not have or shall not gain any proprietary interest in the Software (including any modifications or copies made by or for you) or any related intellectual property rights.. In such event, you must: 1. Cease all use of the Software; 2. Destroy or return to Acer the original and all copies of the Software; and 3. Delete the Software from all smartphones on which it was resident. All disclaimers of warranties and limitation of liability set forth in this Agreement shall survive termination of this Agreement.. End User License Agreement - 89 Privacy policy During registration you will be asked to submit some information to Acer. Please refer to Acer’s privacy policy at www.acer.com or your local Acer website. RADEMARK INFORMATION DTS Premium Sound For DTS patents, see http://patents.dts.com. Manufactured under license from DTS Licensing Limited.. By pressing 'print' button you will print only current page. To print the manual completely, please, download it.. Don't show me this message again.. Our app is now available on Google Play. Don't have an account? Sign up!. 
Cases, Covers, Stands Chargers & Cables Computers And Laptops Audio Accessories Mobile Devices. Android Chrome Glass. Alternative Tech Automotive Console Gaming Mobile Gaming PC Gaming Satire Wearables Apps and Games Mobile World Of Wallpapers. Review: Acer Liquid Jade Z Android Smart Phone. Home » Latest Posts » Review: Acer Liquid Jade Z Android Smart Phone. Acer is known to many as the Taiwanese makers of respectable computing equipment, competing strongly with the likes of Asus. Yet, the story does not end there because just like so many other companies, Acer has decided to enter the smart phone race too.. This is no easy proposition, especially when the likes of Apple and Samsung, with their marketing billions, are struggling to compete with the likes of Xiaomi and Meizu in offering quality devices at an affordable price. Selling a smartphone is no longer the easy task it once was, and in a space where Acer has relatively little brand name recognition, it becomes all the more difficult.. The Acer Liquid Jade Z is the latest in the Taiwanese firm’s ludicrously named ‘Liquid Jade’ range, intended to be competitive in the mid to low market.. Number of SIM Card Supported : 2. SIM Size Details : 2 x Nano. Maximum Video Resolution : 1920 x 1080. Maximum Memory Card Size Supported : 32 GB. Cellular Data Connectivity Technology : EDGE, GPRS, HSDPA, HSPA, LTE. Battery Talk Time : 7 Hour. Battery Standby Time : 410 Hour. new phone that is priced at $250 like the Acer Liquid Jade Z for review, I wasn’t really sure what to expect as far as quality, design, over all build and everything else. There are a few disappointments as well as a few surprises and I’m going to touch on each of those.. Holding the device, I instantly have a flashback to somewhere around 2012.. From its size and thinness to its feel in the hand, the Acer Liquid Jade Z brings to mind the Samsung Galaxy S3. This impression is further enhanced by the software skin Acer has added(a lot like. Android 2.3 Gingerbread) and the useless bloat and gimmicks added.. This first impression certainly isn’t what you might expect from a phone at this price point, however. At a mere 7.9 mm thick, and weighing in at only 110g, clearly a great deal of thought has been poured into the design and engineering of this device.. These dimensions are unfortunately not enough to offset the cheap-feeling, rough plastic that has been used throughout, with a subtle hatching that generally improves grip, but can feel scratchy. The feel of the phone is not something I like at all as I feel like I’m holding a device that is worth about $35, total.. With the tiny weight, these various factors contribute to the general feeling that a strong gust could see a Mary Poppins-like situation evolve, should the right conditions arise.. The front of the Acer Liquid Jade Z is a reasonably pleasant affair; in keeping with other smartphones is that it is mostly a slab of smooth glass, with a nice coating of Gorilla Glass 3 for that pleasant ‘oleophobic’ feel. The screen panel measures 5 inches, with a 720p resolution, which is one of the things that’s a let down. In today’s smart phone world, getting a device to support 1080p isn’t that much more expensive than 720p. Acer really should have had 1080p support in the Liquid Jade Z.. On the left side of the device rests the nano-SIM and Micro-SD card slot, which can be a little finicky for those without steady hands. The bottom houses the Micro-USB charging port and the bottom of the device houses a 3.5mm headphone jack.. Where the screen meets the body of the phone, there is a strip of chrome-effect plastic, much as found on the Samsung Galaxy S5 , with the Acer also possessing nice rounded edges, a thoughtful addition.. The top, unfortunately, is also home to the power button and on the right the slightly cumbersome volume rocker can be found.. The rear of the Jade Z is where Acer has chosen to make something of a statement. The company’s logo is picked out, once again, in chrome-effect plastic, with slightly rough and unpleasant edges. At the bottom rests an unusual rear-mounted speaker grille, a perfect circle.. At the head rests a rather large camera hump (circled with, you guessed it, chrome-effect plastic) and a single white LED flash.. Whatever misgivings the size, weight and choice of materials may impose, one thing is undeniable, this is a comfortable device to use in one hand. Though the top-mounted power button will force some unpleasant hand-gymnastics on those with small hands, with its rounded-edges, this makes for a great reading experience.. The display on the Acer Liquid Jade Z was never meant to measure up to flagship rivals such as the Samsung Galaxy S6 or the Nexus 6, and yet this does not detract from its quality.. Gone are the days when simply having a 720p display at this price bracket was enough thanks to the likes of the Moto G 2013 having changed the game considerably. Luckily, the screen is an area where Acer has been hard at work.. At 5 inches, and with a pixel density of 294ppi, the IPS LCD on the Liquid Jade Z is great for reading on the go, as well as for watching movies. For an LCD screen, the colours on display are vivid, and, being IPS, the viewing angles are quite good. When viewing content from extreme angles, there is a little dimness, but everything remains clear.. Acer has repeatedly boasted of the ‘zero-gap’ technology used in the creation of the Liquid Jade. Utilized by the likes of Apple for years, this essentially means that the panel is moved as close as possible to the outside glass, meaning that there is no air in-between. This frequently helps to improve contrast, and I generally found this to be the case.. With plenty of space in which to view content, yet remaining comfortable to use in one hand, for the price level, this is almost a class-leading screen. To find significantly better performing panels, you would need to spend at least an extra $100 or so. Acer has accomplished something quite nice here , in this category, I found the Liquid Jade Z to be a very strong performer.. Though the Acer Liquid Jade Z technically comes running Android 4.4 KitKat, this might not be apparent on first appearances. So much so, that it makes the experience of the device not all that good. This is something that a lot of OEM’s or carriers have done for years and something that I wish would stop, completely. Let me experience how pure Android runs on your hardware without all the necessary bloat that most of us hate.. As with every other manufacturer producing Android phones, Acer believes that it can have a better go at Android than Google. Sometimes this kind of confidence is well-founded; with the likes of the One M9 , HTC proved that Android could be altered and still remain a pleasure to use. falls into another category, like so many others before it.. When using the phone, the general colour palette is the first thing that seems a little off, with radioactive greens dominating. Adding to this sense of discomfort is the enormous, telling, ‘Acer Suggests’ widget, which loudly recommends a large selection of rubbish apps and services.. Not that Acer waits for you to download them, however. The Acer Liquid Jade Z comes loaded with a great deal of bloat, not exactly inspiring when the in-built storage is only 8GB. Games such as Puzzle Pets and Real Football 2015, along with apps such as Livescreen, Booking.com and 50+ free games come pre-installed, and are sadly impossible to remove without rooting (not recommended).. In an age when Google is making strides to improve the general state of Android skins, Acer feels caught in the past, and maybe unwilling to catch up. Installing the Google Now launcher makes the whole experience of using the phone a great deal more pleasant, and is what many will likely want to do upon using the device for the first time.. Some of the pre-installed apps offer some useful functionality. The in-built battery saver app and System Doctor help to improve battery performance and memory management respectively, while the native flashlight app means that there is one less thing to download.. Acer also allows ‘floating’ windows, essential windowed apps that can be moved around on screen while in use, theoretically making for an improved multi-tasking experience. On a screen this size, however, while the gesture is appreciated, it is effectively useless.. Given the dimensions of this device, there can be no doubt that the Acer Liquid Jade Z is primarily aimed at a younger audience. And, of course, what does the average yoof of today like more than an impromptu rap battle, accompanied by bangin’ beats?. With the effort being poured by Acer into the audio capabilities of this device, this would certainly appear to be their reasoning. Coming equipped with DTS surround sound, on paper, this phone certainly has its rivals beat. High-quality audio chops are typically the domain of high-end smartphones such as the LG G3 , or HTC, which has made a great deal of its ‘Boomsound’ on such efforts as the One M8.. Despite whatever pretensions Acer has to high-definition audio, I generally found that the Acer Liquid Jade Z simply does not cut the mustard. The circular speaker may give the impression of ‘otherness’, but it is rear-firing, and business as usual.. The first thing that any committed audiophile will take notice of is the complete lack of a native-music app, simply titled ‘Music’. This took me by surprise, and it was only by searching the app list thoroughly that I found ‘abMusic’, the confusingly titled alternative.. Theoretically, this ought to allow integration with Acer’s cloud service, along with the rest of the ‘ab’ suite, but the app frequently failed to even detect the music stored on a normal Micro-SD card. As such, I stuck to Spotify.. Though through headphones (much as with any smartphone these days) the sound was acceptable, through the rear-firing speakers I failed to achieve anything like acceptable volume for most situations. Competing with a shower, the speaker was completely drowned out. The sound output is generally acceptable, for listening to music alone in a padded room, otherwise it is a reasonably poor effort.. Given that most smartphones have one thing in common, in that they are almost uniformly a bunch of rectangular glass slabs, improvements in the camera area have become a key area for improvement.. While some go for crazy megapixel counts, like the Nokia Lumia 1020 , or for crazy optical zoom experiments like the Samsung Galaxy K Zoom , the current trend is for excellent low-light photography.. Given the size of image sensors in smartphones, and the general use-case scenarios they are given, designers have stopped trying to out ‘camera’ DSLRs and have begun to deliver the most from small sensors. Samsung Galaxy S6 and iPhone 6 succeed, where others fail.. This battle has now moved to the budget market. Whereas even last year, £150 might have bought a phone without an LED flash, or sometimes even autofocus, acceptable optics have become a focus for many.. Acer’s efforts in this regard are… interesting. With a 13MP sensor, a nice wide f1.8 aperture and Acer’s own Bright Magic mode, on paper this camera is very well equipped for the price point.. To keep costs down, Acer has taken a route that many others before have travelled, often with mixed results. Instead of opting for Qualcomm chips, and without the option of in-house effort, as LG, Samsung and Huawei have managed, it has opted for a MediaTek chip.. Specifically, it is the quad-core MediaTek MT6732 , clocked at 1.50 GHz, that keeps everything ticking over. And in general use, I found the Liquid Jade Z to be a mostly snappy performer, even with an anaemic 1GB of RAM.. Whether zipping through menus, apps lists, different launchers or taking photos, the Liquid Jade Z barely complained, only occasionally throwing a minor tantrum. Mediatek has been slowly improving the quality of its chips compared to Qualcomm, becoming a little less obsessed with cores and more with performance, and this device is a key beneficiary.. This level of performance generally carried over into gaming. Titles such as Dead Trigger 2, Subway Surfers, the in-built Puzzle Pets and Crossy Road ran mostly without any difficulty, although there were a few dropped frames in more demanding titles. For the average mobile gamer, the Liquid Jade Z ought to suffice nicely, though more demanding users might be inclined to look at power-demons such as the Samsung Galaxy S6.. The screen remains responsive no matter what task is set upon it, keeping true to its general promise.. With thinness come sacrifices, in this case, battery life. In their never-ending quest to make the first paper-thin device, mobile designers long ago hit the point when it was merely useless bloat that was lost, now other, important, things are being judged as ballast.. In the case of the Acer Liquid Jade Z , as with many flagships (here’s looking at you iPhone 6) this has meant that previous mAh points have been shaved from the battery. Indeed, the phone sports a dinky 2,300 mAh battery pack.. Despite the loss in dimensions, the performance of the Liquid Jade Z in this regard is generally acceptable, but only just .. On standby, with WiFi activated, the device lost around 6% of battery over 12 hours, with emails and notifications buzzing away, which gives a decent overall first impression.. Upon watching video, playing games or browsing via mobile internet, however, things begin to change quickly. Percentage points occasionally dropped on a second by second basis. And with no option to remove the battery and replace it with another, or fast charge, the general experience becomes very reminiscent of 2012.. What I found to be particularly irritating, however, was how power-hungry the music player proved to be. Using my Nokia Lumia 930 , I listen to around six or seven hours of music during a long working day, via wired headphones.. For every hour I listened on the Lumia 930, I generally lost about 3-4% of battery, maybe a little more if using Spotify. The Liquid Jade Z on the other hand guzzled around 15-18% per hour, leaving me with around 50% battery after three hours. In 2015, never mind 2012, this isn’t very good performance.. However, to help matters somewhat, the built-in battery-saver app closes background applications and throttles processor performance, which isn’t great but helps to eke out a little extra juice in tight situations.. In all, the Acer Liquid Jade Z cannot hold a candle to stellar battery performers, such as the Moto G 2013 and Moto E 2015 , but different use cases will see varying levels of performance. Savvy users shouldn’t have much of a problem, with expectations correctly set.. The Acer Liquid Jade Z is an odd little beast. Though on the one hand it boasts good performance and is mostly acceptable in day-to-day use, on other fronts it fails entirely. And with the competition really heating up at the budget end of the market, with the likes of the Honor Holly and the Moto G 2014 helping to set the bar, it doesn’t quite do enough to compete.. With a price drop, this would be an easy device to recommend for a teenager as their first smartphone, or as a back-up, yet for $249, there are better options available.. Despite this, the Liquid Jade Z is a likeable little phone. With a good selfie snapper, comfortable design, great screen and good internet performance, this ought to suffice for many users.. Apple Cider, It’s Easier Than You Think. Review: This BoxWave Screen Protector Gives You A Back Button on Your iPhone!. Founder and Chief Editor of TechDissected. I'm an avid Linux user, that's addicted to music, electronics, the internet, computers, Android, iOS and everything tech related! Rocking a Google Pixel XL, iPhone X and several other devices that go beep. Lover of #Cheeseburgers #Android #Penguins #Tech and the #HoustonTexans. Gadgets and Gizmos are my specialty. Customer Suppport Specialist and Social Media Manager for TeslaCoilSW, the makers of Nova Launcher, Nova Launcher Prime and TeslaUnread. If you have any questions just ask as I'm always happy to help.. The New Samsung S9; Is It Worth The Hype?. Review: Alto’s Odyssey; A perfect follow-up to.... Review And Giveaway: iLive Concierge voice.... Internet Of Things in 2018: What to expect. Supercharge Your Scheduling With These Five.... The New Samsung S9; Is It Worth The Hype?. Review: Alto’s Odyssey; A perfect follow-up to.... Review And Giveaway: iLive Concierge voice.... Internet Of Things in 2018: What to expect. Supercharge Your Scheduling With These Five.... At any rate, am convinced that He (God) does not play dice with the universe.. Keep updated with our latest content!. In dwelling, live close to the ground. In thinking, keep to the simple. In conflict, be fair and generous. In governing, don't try to control. In work, do what you enjoy. In family life, be completely present.. 
The page you requested does not exist. Click here to continue shopping.. 
Sign up for our daily newsletter. Toggle menus Toggle search. Home Mobiles Tablets PCs Laptops Cameras Games Appliances TVs Wearables Printers Software Accessories Networks Storage Video Cameras. Latest deals Coffee machines Broadband PC Performance Sky Soundbox Nintendo Switch Baby products Newsletter. You are here: Home Acer Acer Liquid Jade Z review. facebook twitter google+ email Comments. The Liquid Jade Z is a very fast budget phone, but its poor battery life and mediocre camera means it isn't as good value as the competition. Processor : Quad-core 1.5GHz MediaTek MT6732, Screen Size : 5in, Screen resolution : 1,280x720, Rear camera : 13 megapixels, Storage : 8GB (4.7GB), Wireless data : 3G, Size : 143x70x7.9mm, Weight : 110g, Operating system : Android 4.4. Performance Battery Life Display Storage Camera Conclusion. The reasonably priced Acer Liquid Jade Z was one of our favourite smartphones from MWC 2015. Its snappy MediaTek processor looked to be much faster than the similarly priced 2nd Gen Moto G , it was incredibly thin at 7.9mm, and light at just 110g – making it one of the more attractive entry-level phones we've seen in some time. Now that the incredible £125 Vodafone Smart Ultra 6 has arrived, however, the Liquid Jade Z needs to do something special to make the same impression now as it did back in March.. Fortunately, Acer’s choice of processor goes a long way to help set it apart from the competition. The quad-core, 1.5GHz MediaTek MT6732 and 1GB of RAM help the Liquid Jade Z punch well above its weight, rivalling mid-range handsets such as the EE Harrier , HTC Desire 820 and even the LG G4 .. An impressive score of 698 in the single core Geekbench 3 test, for example, puts the Liquid Jade Z on equal footing with the LG G4 and a fraction ahead of Vodafone’s Smart Ultra 6. This is incredibly quick for such a cheap phone, and we certainly appreciated the lighting fast response when browsing through menu screens and swiping through the app tray. Multicore performance was a fraction slower than its Qualcomm-based rivals at 1,945, but this is still extremely fast considering the price.. Web browsing was equally slick, as indicated by the Futuremark Peacekeeper score of 823. This is faster than both the G4 and Smart Ultra 6, putting the 2nd Gen Moto G’s 494 to shame. We could see the difference in day-to-day browsing, too, as pages load quickly with hardly any signs of stutter while scrolling.. The only disappointment was sub-par graphics performance; the handset repeatedly failed our offscreen Manhattan test in GFX Bench GL. We've seen this happen before on MediaTek processors, as their GPUs simply can't keep up with their Qualcomm counterparts. However, this won't be too much of a problem if you're only running simple 2D games, as titles such as Threes and Alphabear ran perfectly fine. It will struggle with more demanding games such as Blizzard's Hearthstone, though, as the frame rate dipped on multiple occasions during testing.. You'll want to minimise the time you spend playing games on the Liquid Jade Z, though, as its 2,300mAh battery life only lasted 8h 19m in our continuous video playback test with the screen brightness set to 170cd/m2. While this is probably just about enough to get you through the day, it's still almost two and a half hours behind the Vodafone Smart Ultra 6, which lasted 10h 51m under the same conditions.. This is a shame, as we were hoping the Liquid Jade Z's smaller 5in 1,280x720 screen would be more energy efficient than Vodafone's 5.5in Full HD display. Still, both phone displays are roughly the same when it comes to overall image quality, as our colour calibrator showed the Liquid Jade Z was displaying 84.7% of the sRGB colour gamut, the same as the Smart Ultra 6. In the Liquid Jade Z's case, warm coverage was the screen's weakest area, so colours aren't quite as vivid as we might have hoped.. That's not to say the display isn't pleasing to the eye, as its low 0.24cd/m2 black levels and great 1,360:1 contrast ratio provide plenty of depth and detail. However, with a low peak brightness of 338.05cd/m2, you might struggle to see the screen clearly outside unless you turn the brightness up to its highest setting.. You'll probably want to take advantage of the microSD card slot on the side of the phone, as there's only 4.7GB of its 8GB storage is actually available to the user. This isn't helped by the dozens of apps that come pre-loaded on the phone either - we had to spend some time uninstalling the Acer's numerous apps and widgets. Otherwise, Acer’s version of Android KitKat is largely the same as vanilla Android. While there’s no sign of Android 5.0 just yet, Acer's told us that an OTA update will be on its way shortly.. Unlike other budget phones, the Liquid Jade Z has a 13-megapixel camera on the rear of the handset. Outdoors, we were generally quite pleased with the quality of our images. Colours were bright and there was plenty of crisp detail, although shadows tended to be slightly too dark for our liking. HDR mode brightened things up considerably, though, so we'd recommended turning this on if you find shadows becoming a little too heavy.. When we took the phone indoors, though, images started to become noticeably noisy and grainy, even under bright lighting conditions. It also struggled to focus occasionally, making indoor shots suitable for social media uploads only.. ^ Colours were bright and vivid in our outdoor shots (above), but indoors (below) we saw lots of grain when we dimmed the lights. Camera issues aside, though, the Liquid Jade Z is definitely one of the best Acer phones we've seen in recent years. Its snappy processor is just as fast as the Vodafone Smart Ultra 6 and its 5in screen looks just as good. However, when the Smart Ultra 6 is £5 cheaper (albeit on Vodafone's PAYG service) and throws in a lot more phone for your money, including a 5.5in Full HD display, more storage, a better GPU, better battery life and a more versatile camera, the Liquid Jade Z just isn't as good value.. Hardware Processor Quad-core 1.5GHz MediaTek MT6732 RAM 1GB Screen size 5in Screen resolution 1,280x720 Screen type LCD Front camera 5 megapixels Rear camera 13 megapixels Flash LED GPS Yes Compass Yes Storage 8GB (4.7GB) Memory card slot (supplied) microSD Wi-Fi 802.11n Bluetooth Bluetooth 4.0 NFC No Wireless data 3G Size 143x70x7.9mm Weight 110g Features Operating system Android 4.4 Battery size 2,300mAh Buying information Warranty One-year RTB Price SIM-free (inc VAT) £130 Price on contract (inc VAT) N/A Prepay price (inc VAT) N/A SIM-free supplier www.expansys.com Contract/prepay supplier N/A Details www.acer.co.uk Part code HM.HMZEK.001. Best phone battery life 2018: The BEST smartphones ranked. The best phone cameras in 2018. Samsung Galaxy S9: Even MORE expensive than the Galaxy S8. Need a phone upgrade? Find out the best upcoming phones. OnePlus 6 could get facial recognition. Samsung Galaxy Note 9: Launching in August?. Google Pixel 3: Release date, rumours and news. The best Android phones money can buy. MWC 2018: The best launches from Mobile World Congress. LG G7: Is LG's next flagship really delayed?. Find out the best budget smartphones you can buy. Huawei P Smart: An 18:9 budget phone. Lenovo P2 review: The best smartphone battery life, period. Sony Xperia XA2 review: Mid-range magnificence. Honor 9 Lite review: An 18:9 budget marvel. Sony Xperia XA2 review: Mid-range magnificence. Xiaomi Redmi Note 4X: The king of budget smartphones?. Samsung Galaxy A5 review: A worthy Galaxy S8 stand-in. Honor 9 review: Better than the OnePlus 5T?. Sony Xperia XZ2 Compact: Size doesn’t matter. MWC 2018: The best launches from Mobile World Congress. Sony Xperia XZ2: Sony’s latest flagship launched at MWC. Samsung Galaxy S9 Plus: A dual-camera delight. Samsung Galaxy S9: Ultra low-light photography. Best Wi-Fi extenders: Better coverage, faster downloads. IT Pro Alphr Know Your Mobile Channel Pro Cloud Pro. About us Company website Contact us Privacy notice Affiliate policy Manage my mags. © Dennis, a trading name of Dennis Publishing Ltd, registered in England & Wales no. Registered address: 31-32 Alfred Place, London, WC1E 7DP. Dennis is run for the benefit of the Heart of England Forest , a registered charity dedicated to planting tomorrow’s great native woodland one tree at a time.. 
Acer Liquid Jade Z: Unrecognized SIM card. You have just acquired an Acer Liquid Jade Z and when you turn it on, it displays the following error text message: SIM card not recognized. Occasionally the Acer Liquid Jade Z does not recognize the SIM card and displays this message. In this circumstance, it is not.... Acer Liquid Jade Z: Wifi Authentication Problem. Sometimes, the Acer Liquid Jade Z displays the Authentication Problem message when ever you try to connect to a Wi-Fi network. This sort of error message can potentially sourced from a lot of places. So, so that you can actually connect properly to the Wifi network.... Turn OFF Keyboard Vibrations On Acer Liquid Jade Z. If perhaps you are using an Acer Liquid Jade Z, maybe you have remarked that it is vibrating when you use the keyboard. Each time you press a key, the cellphone starts vibrating. For a certain number of people, the vibrations of the keyboard are troublesome and can.... How to set call forwarding on Acer Liquid Jade Z. Call forwarding on the Acer Liquid Jade Z is a quite practical feature. Certainly, any time you are in a scenario where you want to transfer phone calls from one number to a further number, this tuto is for you. If it is to divert calls from your business cellphone to.... Transfer photos from Acer Liquid Jade Z to PC or Mac. It is crucial to have the ability to transfer the cute photos you have taken with your Acer Liquid Jade Z, to your laptop or your Mac. Whether it’s just to conserve the pics or to retouch them, you’ll have to transfer them to the computer or the Mac. Transfer iphone contacts to Acer Liquid Jade Z. If you’re tired of Iphones and desire to switch to Android, the transition to Acer Liquid Jade Z can occasionally be complicated. Indeed, in the event you switch from an Iphone to an Acer Liquid Jade Z, you need to transfer the list of contacts. Track And Find the Acer Liquid Jade Z. Being able to locate her Acer Liquid Jade Z is practical in lots of cases. In the 1st circumstance, if you have lost your Acer Liquid Jade Z, it will likely be necessary to track it to be able to find it. In a different circumstance, in case you were robbed of your.... Setting up HotSpot or Tethering on Acer Liquid Jade Z. Sharing the internet connection of Acer Liquid Jade Z in wifi is an extremely practical feature on the Acer Liquid Jade Z. In fact, putting the Acer Liquid Jade Z in modem mode afford them the ability to share the connection of the mobile with your entourage or with.... How to backup your Acer Liquid Jade Z. Making a backup of your Acer Liquid Jade Z is an effective way to secure the contents of your phone in the event of glitches. Truly, the vagaries of life can occasionally cause unpredicted things in your Acer Liquid Jade Z. Suppose you are doing a bad manipulation or.... How to root the Acer Liquid Jade Z. Root your Acer Liquid Jade Z may be incredibly handy for a lot of reasons. In fact, if perhaps you wish to modify the configurations or if you desire to boost the performance of your cellphone, you will have to root your Acer Liquid Jade Z. How to install apps on Acer Liquid Jade Z. Downloading and installing an app on the Acer Liquid Jade Z is completely vital. Truly, apps are little programs that can tremendously facilitate our life on a phone. There are apps for anything, whether it is for entertainment, to check mailbox or bank accounts,.... My Acer Liquid Jade Z turns off randomly. Sometimes the Acer Liquid Jade Z shuts off by itself and for no particular reason. It’s extremely irritating, especially when you are doing something. Don’t be anxious, the fact that your Acer Liquid Jade Z automatically switching off does not necessarily.... How to fix Acer Liquid Jade Z black screen. From time to time the screen of Acer Liquid Jade Z stays black. This situation may occur in many situations. Oftentimes it happens after the Acer Liquid Jade Z falls. Other times, the screen stays black after a start, lock, or sleep. No matter the reason, do not be.... How to fix a water damaged on Acer Liquid Jade Z. Whether in the wc or in a swimming pool, it from time to time happens that the Acer Liquid Jade Z is dropped in the water. However, it is not simply because a cellphone has fallen in the water that it’s unavoidably dead. Certainly, it is feasible to redo an Acer.... Fix insufficient storage available on Acer Liquid Jade Z. In cases where your Acer Liquid Jade Z’s memory is full, you can not install an app or copy files. Indeed, it from time to time happens that there is no more room on the memory of your Acer Liquid Jade Z. Do not be anxious, it’s highly easy to free up.... How to factory reset your Acer Liquid Jade Z. Factory Reset your Acer Liquid Jade Z may be extremely beneficial for a multitude of causes. It is sometimes required to reset your Acer Liquid Jade Z to the factory settings to get a brand new cellphone. Remember that resetting a cellphone is not a highly complicated.... How to copy paste on Acer Liquid Jade Z. Knowing how to copy paste textual content on your Acer Liquid Jade Z is completely important. Indeed, there is nothing more useful than copy paste. We suppose that you do not desire to re-write every time. It really is for this purpose that we decided to generate this.... How to change theme on Acer Liquid Jade Z. Changing the theme of Acer Liquid Jade Z is a wonderful method to modify and improve the ergonomic of your mobile phone. Truly, when you are tired with the main theme or if you are tired that your Acer Liquid Jade Z seems like all the other mobile phones, changing the.... How to change wallpaper on Acer Liquid Jade Z. It could happen that you want to customise your Acer Liquid Jade Z. For this, it will be possible to change the wallpaper of the Acer Liquid Jade Z. Indeed, you perhaps are bored by the initial wallpaper of the mobile phone. We will find in this article, that it is.... How to turn off keyboard sound on Acer Liquid Jade Z. Just like many telephones, the Acer Liquid Jade Z makes a little sound when you touch a key on the keyboard. Sometimes it troubles people and we can easily understand it. Actually, the keyboard sound is not necessarily useful and is not very discreet. How to change font in Acer Liquid Jade Z. If you’re tired of your Acer Liquid Jade Z’s basic font, you likely wish to change it. Certainly, a small personalization never hurts when it involves font. Thus, let’s discover what’s the technique to change fonts and why it can vary depending.... How to Change language on Acer Liquid Jade Z. If you bought your Acer Liquid Jade Z overseas or if just a good friend made you a joke, you perhaps wish to change the language of your Acer Liquid Jade Z. Certainly, it is always more enjoyable to use its Acer Liquid Jade Z when it is in a language that we know..... Add a photo to contacts on Acer Liquid Jade Z. Adding a picture on the contacts of its Acer Liquid Jade Z makes the employment of the phone more pleasing. That’s right, it is always more enjoyable to see a picture when you are called, compared to a simple name. Thus if you desire to see the photos of your.... Set up Direct Wifi on Acer Liquid Jade Z. Direct Wifi may be a really good way to transfer files with your Acer Liquid Jade Z. In fact, Direct Wifi is perhaps the quickest technique to transfer data files without using a cable. So if you want to learn how you can use the Acer Liquid Jade Z direct Wifi,.... Read and edit Pdf, Doc or Excel files on Acer Liquid Jade Z. Having the ability to open and play a document on its Acer Liquid Jade Z is becoming very handy. Certainly, in cases where you get an attachment to a mail, it practices to be able to read it on its Acer Liquid Jade Z. Whether it can be a PDF file, a Doc document or an.... Move apps to SD card on Acer Liquid Jade Z. From time to time applications that are installed on the Acer Liquid Jade Z take up a lot of space. It is for that reason very useful in order to move the applications to the SD card of your Acer Liquid Jade Z. Indeed, this allows to totally free up storage space on.... Make a video call on Acer Liquid Jade Z. Make a video call with an Acer Liquid Jade Z is very practical. Certainly, it is a great solution if you would like to see the face of anyone you call. In case you call anyone who is on the other side of the globe, it is always great to see his face. How to update Acer Liquid Jade Z. Updating Android on your Acer Liquid Jade Z is a required operation if you wish your smartphone to be on top of its efficiency. In truth, the updates allow to bring a multitude of things that will make the use of your Acer Liquid Jade Z more nice. How to turn on 3G or 4G on Acer Liquid Jade Z. If you want to have access to the internet on your Acer Liquid Jade Z, you will need to use the 3G or 4G network. It sometimes occurs for one reason or another that the 4G or 3G network of the Acer Liquid Jade Z is deactivated. In this case, it is impossible for the.... How to transfer music to Acer Liquid Jade Z. New mobile phones like the Acer Liquid Jade Z at this point allow you to listen to music. Thus, the phones have gradually replaced the MP3 player. In truth, it is at this point easy to transfer and listen to music on its Acer Liquid Jade Z. How to record calls on Acer Liquid Jade Z. Recording a smartphone call can be incredibly practical in a quantity of circumstances. Whether you wish to re-listen or retain it, it is always useful to record calls on your Acer Liquid Jade Z. On the other hand, the Acer Liquid Jade Z doesn’t natively offer.... How to print with Acer Liquid Jade Z. Printing a file from its Acer Liquid Jade Z is incredibly useful. Now that you can actually open all types of files from your cellphone, you can actually as well print them. Additionally, it is often more practical to print something from the cellphone. How to open and remove the shell on Acer Liquid Jade Z. Opening the Acer Liquid Jade Z and removing its hull might be a very useful operation in many circumstances. If you need to insert a SIM card or an SD memory card, you may need to turn off the cover and open the Acer Liquid Jade Z. Opening the Acer Liquid Jade Z is.... How to insert the SIM card on Acer Liquid Jade Z. Inserting the SIM card into your Acer Liquid Jade Z is crucial if you would like to use your mobile. In truth, the SIM card enables your Acer Liquid Jade Z to be able to connect to the mobile network and consequently to make phone calls. However, in the event you just.... How to increase the Acer Liquid Jade Z volume. Sometimes, the standard volume of the XXX will not suffice for the use you wish to do with it. In fact, telephones like the XXX have a clamping at the level of the volume. So, the European legislation pressure the producer to restrain the volume of their phones. How To Get Emojis On Acer Liquid Jade Z. The emojis are present in all our conversations. Indeed, if you wish to send a message with your Acer Liquid Jade Z, it can be always nice to embellish it with a great emojis. An emoji enables you to visually send a note to anyone. So , if you want that you can.... How to fix Acer Liquid Jade Z Overheating issues. From time to time the Acer Liquid Jade Z overheats and is hot when ever touched. Don’t worry, this does not signify that your Acer Liquid Jade Z has a trouble. Indeed, it’s quite common that a telephone overheats and this can sourced from several things..... Fix Blurry Pictures On Acer Liquid Jade Z. It in some cases happens for no reason that the photos of Acer Liquid Jade Z are blurry. This is a rather frustrating trouble as it prevents us from taking beautiful photos. Certainly, it is impossible to take a suitable picture if perhaps the picture is all blurred..... How To Delete Browser History on Acer Liquid Jade Z. Delete the history of its Acer Liquid Jade Z is a very handy process. Certainly, this enables to erase the footprints of its past navigations. Whether it is to sell your mobile phone, or simply to avoid being targeted by commercials, delete the history of your Acer.... How to change the ringtone on Acer Liquid Jade Z. Changing the ringtone of your Acer Liquid Jade Z is crucial if you wish to personalize your Acer Liquid Jade Z. Indeed, you may be sick and tired of the initial ringtone of your Acer Liquid Jade Z. It is actually therefore possible to modify the ringtone and even to.... by mcpolo | Nov 27, 2017 | Acer , Acer Liquid Jade Z. by mcpolo | Nov 27, 2017 | Acer , Acer Liquid Jade Z. by mcpolo | Nov 27, 2017 | Acer , Acer Liquid Jade Z. by mcpolo | Nov 27, 2017 | Acer , Acer Liquid Jade Z. by mcpolo | Nov 27, 2017 | Acer , Acer Liquid Jade Z. by mcpolo | Nov 27, 2017 | Acer , Acer Liquid Jade Z. by mcpolo | Nov 27, 2017 | Acer , Acer Liquid Jade Z. by mcpolo | Nov 27, 2017 | Acer , Acer Liquid Jade Z. by mcpolo | Nov 27, 2017 | Acer , Acer Liquid Jade Z. by mcpolo | Nov 27, 2017 | Acer , Acer Liquid Jade Z. by mcpolo | Nov 27, 2017 | Acer , Acer Liquid Jade Z. by mcpolo | Nov 27, 2017 | Acer , Acer Liquid Jade Z. by mcpolo | Nov 27, 2017 | Acer , Acer Liquid Jade Z. by mcpolo | Nov 27, 2017 | Acer , Acer Liquid Jade Z. by mcpolo | Nov 27, 2017 | Acer , Acer Liquid Jade Z. by mcpolo | Nov 27, 2017 | Acer , Acer Liquid Jade Z. by mcpolo | Nov 27, 2017 | Acer , Acer Liquid Jade Z. by mcpolo | Nov 27, 2017 | Acer , Acer Liquid Jade Z. by mcpolo | Nov 27, 2017 | Acer , Acer Liquid Jade Z. by mcpolo | Nov 27, 2017 | Acer , Acer Liquid Jade Z. by mcpolo | Nov 27, 2017 | Acer , Acer Liquid Jade Z. by mcpolo | Nov 27, 2017 | Acer , Acer Liquid Jade Z. by mcpolo | Nov 27, 2017 | Acer , Acer Liquid Jade Z. by mcpolo | Nov 27, 2017 | Acer , Acer Liquid Jade Z. by mcpolo | Nov 27, 2017 | Acer , Acer Liquid Jade Z. by mcpolo | Nov 27, 2017 | Acer , Acer Liquid Jade Z. by mcpolo | Nov 27, 2017 | Acer , Acer Liquid Jade Z. by mcpolo | Nov 27, 2017 | Acer , Acer Liquid Jade Z. by mcpolo | Nov 27, 2017 | Acer , Acer Liquid Jade Z. by mcpolo | Nov 27, 2017 | Acer , Acer Liquid Jade Z. by mcpolo | Nov 27, 2017 | Acer , Acer Liquid Jade Z. by mcpolo | Nov 27, 2017 | Acer , Acer Liquid Jade Z. by mcpolo | Nov 27, 2017 | Acer , Acer Liquid Jade Z. by mcpolo | Nov 27, 2017 | Acer , Acer Liquid Jade Z. by mcpolo | Nov 27, 2017 | Acer , Acer Liquid Jade Z. by mcpolo | Nov 27, 2017 | Acer , Acer Liquid Jade Z. by mcpolo | Nov 27, 2017 | Acer , Acer Liquid Jade Z. by mcpolo | Nov 27, 2017 | Acer , Acer Liquid Jade Z. by mcpolo | Nov 27, 2017 | Acer , Acer Liquid Jade Z. by mcpolo | Nov 27, 2017 | Acer , Acer Liquid Jade Z. Page 1 sur 2 1 2 ». Search by phone Search by phone. Designed by Elegant Themes | Powered by WordPress. 
