Learn more about PCWorld's Digital Editions. Acer Liquid Jade Primo review: Acer bets big on a Windows phone as your next PC. Let's see how it compares to the tried-and-true Lumia 950. Use commas to separate multiple email addresses. There was an error emailing this page.. Acer quietly ships Liquid Jade Primo Windows phone to Microsoft stores. Windows 10 Mobile review: Small fixes show this plucky phone OS won’t give up. HP Elite x3 review: Yep, this was the last great Windows phone. Will APUs stay relevant? Plus: Nvidia rumors, Spectre/Meltdown updates, Q&A |.... [ Further reading: The best Android phones for every budget. Quality construction includes a few oversights Mark Hachman Mark Hachman. The Continuum experience: Why you should buy Mark Hachman. Performance: Just fine for Windows 10 Mobile. Acer’s first Windows 10 Mobile phone, the Liquid Jade Primo, doesn’t just double down on Microsoft’s belief that your phone can replace your PC: It’s thrown down its cards, spit on the floor, and dared you to do better.. Inside the box is the phone, a case, a display dock, a mouse. All you need is a monitor to take your work out of your pocket and onto a big, productive screen. If the Liquid Jade Primo’s camera didn’t struggle so much, this might be the Windows phone to beat.. Unfortunately, it’s not—but you don’t have many alternatives. HP’s Elite x3 smartphone is just around the corner, and HP promises business users will be able to tap into a world of virtualized Win32 apps that power traditional PCs. Otherwise, the Liquid Jade Primo is simply a larger, more powerful, more expensive Lumia 950, the basis for this comparative review.. Acer’s Liquid Jade Primo may seem a little too big for your hand, but remember that you can hold down the Windows key to trigger a one-handed mode.. On paper, the 5.5-inch Liquid Jade Primo matches up well with Microsoft’s own phone. But it comes with a big honking price tag, too:. Add up the price of an unlocked 5.7-inch Lumia 950XL ($499), Display Dock ($99), a keyboard and mouse—the two bundles are almost identical. But the slightly smaller 5.2-inch Lumia 950. is far cheaper: $349, or even $298 direct. That, plus a Display Dock, is just under $400. If you already own a standalone mouse and keyboard, the Liquid Jade Primo may be a bit too rich for your blood.. As phones go, the Liquid Jade Primo feels like an executive’s phone: large, weighty, authoritative. You’ll feel the heft, though, as it weighs 0.33 lb (150 g) alone and about 0.42 lb with the case attached. I measured the phone at about 6.19 inches long by 3 inches wide by 0.375 in (9.5 mm) in thickness, with the case attached.. Adding a case to the package is a nice touch: the plastic case covers the phone on the rear and sides (with cutouts for the volume rocker, power button, front/rear cameras and speaker), with a flip cover for the front that protects the screen. Unfortunately, it’s not like HTC’s Dot Cover, which allowed some information from the glance screen to pass through; you’ll need to flip open the cover to view it. Oh, and don’t drop it into the sink, either, as the Liquid Jade Primo isn’t waterproof.. A much more significant drawback, however, is that Acer didn’t take the case into account when using it with the display docking station. If you have the case attached, you’ll need to remove it each time you dock the phone. You might wonder if the case will prevent Windows 10’s tap-to-pay Wallet app from working: no, but it never will, either. shipping version of the phone runs Windows 10 Mobile version 10586.318, rather than the more recent. It’s a moot point, however, since the phone lacks the required NFC connection. Acer’s phone doesn’t support Windows Hello, either, lacking an iris scanner or fingerprint reader.. Otherwise, Acer’s choice of hardware is a mixed bag: the 1920x1080 resolution display will disappoint those used to higher-res displays on Android and iOS, though the AMOLED screen displays deep, rich blacks. (The Lumia 950 uses a 2560x1440 AMOLED display.) Qualcomm’s 1.8GHz Snapdragon 808 (also inside the LG G4 , among others) is the same chip that the Lumia 950 uses. As the rest of the phone world moves beyond 32GB of internal storage, Acer has stuck with it. There’s an optional microSD slot, up to 128GB, that provides external storage. (The phone actually ships with two SIM slots, one of which can accept microSD cards. If you choose to use two SIMs, you’ll forgo. the SD expansion slot, however.) The included 3GB of RAM provides plenty of headroom for multiple apps, and there’s LTE Cat. 6, Bluetooth 4.0 EDR and 802.11ac for connectivity.. As with most phones of its generation, the Acer Liquid Jade Primo is powered by a USB-C charger. The Lumia 950 charger worked just fine.. Unfortunately, as a business-oriented phone, Acer has made some sacrifices. The Liquid Jade Primo’s external speaker is loud enough, but with a flattish audio response—typical for most smartphones. Among the Microsoft’s Lumia 950’s hidden features, however, were a graphic equalizer and Dolby Audio. The Liquid Jade Primo does away with that, which is disappointing.. Acer’s 2,870mAh battery is non-removeable, though the plastic backing on the phone will unsnap at least partway from the top. (Oops.) Everything is powered via USB -C (Type 3.1), and a green LED will light when the phone is fully charged.. If you’ve followed any coverage of the Lumia 950. or Windows 10 Mobile, then you’re probably familiar with Continuum: Microsoft’s PC-like experience for users who connect their phones to the Microsoft Display Dock. Acer’s bundle contains one of its own, also referred to as a Display Dock, and the experience is virtually identical.. The advantage Acer offers, however, is that the Liquid Jade Primo nestles into a slot, connecting via an upturned USB-C connector in the base. (The Lumia 950 lies flat, connected to its Display Dock via a USB-C cord.) I’m a little concerned about how the connector will hold up over time, however, as I occasionally needed to wiggle it a bit to seat it correctly.. Acer’s dock is sturdy and well made, with two USB 2.0 ports, a USB 3.0 port, and an HDMI connection. Note that the Acer mouse dongle will occupy one of the USB 2.0 ports, and the keyboard the other.. To connect the phone, you’ll need a monitor with HDMI. Acer’s manual indicates that the the dock won’t work with a monitor at a higher resolution than 1080p, though I didn’t test that claim. You'll need to launch the Continuum application on the phone, and the Connect app on the PC, to establish the connection between the two devices.. Once connected, the phone displays the desktop in a Windows 10 desktop-like environment, using the phone as a touchpad. That’s a little awkward when the phone is docked, so fortunately Acer threw in a mouse and keyboard. Acer’s two-button wheel mouse is a bit of a throwback in that there’s a dongle, rather than a direct Bluetooth connection to the phone. Neither the mouse nor the keyboard is quite the quality that you might expect from a Microsoft or Logitech model, but both were surprisingly comfortable. Of course, you can always replace them with your own equipment.. Dock the Acer Liquid Jade Primo for a PC-like experience.. Otherwise, as I’ve found before, a wired connection to the Liquid Jade Primo is really the only way to use the Continuum experience. Moving the mouse felt a little laggy, but the keyboard proved responsive, and I was able to type my notes about the phone’s performance in Word Mobile, saving constantly to the cloud.. Note that only UWP apps like Word, PowerPoint, and Calendar are available via Continuum. For others, such as Yelp, you can use Edge and the mobile Web site instead. Acer did not ship any third-party bloatware, or any of its own applications, with the phone it shipped me for review.. With the phone docked, Skype wanted to take images with the front-facing camera in landscape mode. Undocked, the Liquid Jade Primo shot Skype video in portrait mode.. I’m not entirely sure the world has bought into Microsoft’s vision of the “phone as your PC,” but the Liquid Jade Primo does.. The Liquid Jade Primo’s memory and processor aren't the absolute cutting-edge, but they’re close enough not to make a difference. On more than one occasion, I tried to swipe right on the home screen to reach the second screen of apps, and the phone didn’t respond on the first try or moved sluggishly. Acer’s Liquid Jade Primo is about equal in performance to the Microsoft Lumia 950. The two share the same Qualcomm Snapdragon 808 hexacore processor.. Unfortunately, Windows phones lack the modern testing apps that have been written for Android and iOS. To compensate, I ran a few browser-based tests to generate equivalent results across the various platforms, adding an older Android-based Samsung Galaxy Note 5 just for fun. Really, though, there’s just one comparison to make here: the Lumia 950 versus the Liquid Jade Primo.. I tested using older, outdated benchmarks (SunSpider), as well as modern tests that measure how the phone handles modern Web technologies (WebXPRT and JetStream). Finally, I used the Oort Online benchmark, just to see how the phones would handle moderately advanced graphics.. In general, the Liquid Jade Primo performs just as well as the Lumia 950, and slightly worse than the older Note 5. But while the Note remained relatively cool throughout, the Liquid Jade Primo warmed up fast.. Acer boasts that the Liquid Jade Primo includes an advanced cooling system that routes heat away from the microprocessor. Under load, however, the phone heats up dramatically, and there appears to be some thermal throttling going on, too. All of the heat appears to vent out near the top of the phone, however, away from your hand and where the dock would grasp the phone.. I’m not entirely certain which Windows 10 Mobile apps demand a powerful CPU, however. Asphalt 8: Airborne remains a testing icon, as it’s a fast-paced, somewhat graphically intensive game that ran well. Windows 10 Mobile’s small stable of games— Minecraft, Grand Theft Auto III, Terraria— don’t necessarily need a lot of horsepower. I doubt most business apps don’t either, with the possible exception of a video-intensive app like. What most smartphone owners demand, however, is long battery life. To test it, I adapted the battery-life test that we use for PCs and smartphones:. looping an (unconverted) 4K video until the battery expired.. Unfortunately, while the version of Windows 10 on the Liquid Jade Primo allowed me to set the brightness intervals at increments from 1 to 100, the Anniversary Update within the Lumia 950 uses far more granular settings, so I had to approximate the two. In any case, the 2,870mAh battery on the Liquid Jade Primo and the 3,000mAh battery on the 950 yielded nearly identical results: 5 hours, 49 minutes for the Liquid Jade Primo; and 5 hours, 43 minutes for the Lumia 950.. Camera shootouts may be a thing of the past, but longtime Lumia owners take pride in the phone's photographic capabilities. While the Liquid Jade Primo's 21MP rear camera slightly outclasses the 20MP model on the Lumia 950, something about its lighting sensor caused it to fall short.. First, the specs: The Liquid Jade Primo’s camera includes a f/2.2 aperture on both the front and rear cameras, smaller than the f/1.9 aperture on the 950. The Liquid Jade Primo boasts a front-facing 8MP camera, far outpacing the 5MP, f/2.4 camera on the Lumia 950. Acer’s phone also shoots 4K video with the rear camera and 720p with the front-facing camera.. Test shots in our photo lab using the Acer Liquid Jade Primo. Clockwise from upper left: full brightness, minimal brightness, lamplight, lamplight with flash.. The Liquid Jade Primo shoots acceptable photos in daylight, but everything looks a bit washed-out at a distance—the Lumia’s photos are simply richer, with truer blues and greens. That’s not the case during closeups, though, which makes me think that the Liquid Jade Primo’s light sensor might be a bit off. On the other hand, the Liquid Jade Primo’s zoomed shots look much better than the Lumia 950's: Everything’s a bit fuzzy, but details were much more discernible compared to the grainy results the 950 yielded.. Test shots in our photo lab using the Microsoft Lumia 950. Clockwise from upper left: full brightness, minimal brightness, lamplight, lamplight with flash.. What I assume to be a light sensor issue shows up using the flash, too. Note the low-light test photos we shot, which blew everything out. Another photo I shot indoors with the flash on gave me the same result. Outside and at night, the Liquid Jade Primo’s dual-LED flash seems underpowered except at short distances. Like the Lumia 950, Acer’s phone also uses Microsoft’s post-processing HDR technology to adjust lighting when that feature is enabled.. Our photo testing includes a shot in low light, with the flash on. The Liquid Jade Primo blows it out.... ...as it did to this random corner of the room we use for photo testing.. But the flash on the Liquid Jade Primo doesn’t do much to light this night scene.. Video shot with the Liquid Jade Primo looked pretty grainy, though a few selfies I took with it (video and still images) looked decent. Keep in mind that, when used with Skype, the front-facing camera becomes your window to the world. Acer’s omission of the Anniversary Update means that Skype communications will be handled by two separate apps: chats and audio calls inside the main Skype app, and video calls inside the Skype Video app. It’s annoying and arbitrary, but that’s the way it is for now.. The Liquid Jade Primo suffers somewhat on outdoor shots.. Some bugs and camera glitches mar an otherwise competent Windows phone that aspires to replace your PC.. Continuum dock experience works very well. Who would expect a keyboard and mouse to ship with a phone?. Pricey, and you're paying for hardware you may already own. Windows 10 Mobile's ecosystem is barely alive. PCWorld helps you navigate the PC ecosystem to find the products you want and the advice you need to get the job done.. Copyright © 2018 IDG Communications, Inc.. 
GSM 850 / 900 / 1800 / 1900 - SIM 1 & SIM 2. HSDPA 850 / 900 / 1900 / 2100 - Europe/ Taiwan. HSDPA 850 / 1700(AWS) / 1900 / 2100 - USA. LTE 800 / 1800 / 2100 / 2600 - Europe. LTE 900 / 1800 / 2600 - Taiwan. LTE 700 / 1700 / 1900 / 2600 - USA. HSPA 42.2/5.76 Mbps, LTE-A (2CA) Cat6 300/50 Mbps. 156.5 x 75.9 x 8.4 mm (6.16 x 2.99 x 0.33 in). Hybrid Dual SIM (Nano-SIM, dual stand-by). 5.5 inches, 83.4 cm 2 (~70.2% screen-to-body ratio). 1080 x 1920 pixels, 16:9 ratio (~401 ppi density). Hexa-core (4x1.4 GHz Cortex-A53 & 2x1.8 GHz Cortex-A57). microSD, up to 256 GB (uses SIM 2 slot). 21 MP, f/2.2, autofocus, dual-LED flash, check quality. Geo-tagging, touch focus, face detection, HDR, panorama. - Active noise cancellation with dedicated mic. Wi-Fi 802.11 a/b/g/n/ac, dual-band, WiFi Direct, hotspot. SMS (threaded view), MMS, Email, Push Email, IM. - OneDrive (15 GB cloud storage). We can not guarantee that the information on this page is 100% correct. Acer Liquid Jade Primo - user opinions and reviews. I've bought it when it became cheaper (about half of initial price cca 550eur) but it isn't worth it... It uses the first build of WM10 with no more updates. And the final drop - it's not working in LTE (european m.... Although Acer is not passing on updates, you can install Anniversary Update 14393 series manually using microsoft's iutool.exe : google "windowscentral iutool offline" - a bit fiddly and requires a PC... in fact Windows updates are non-hardware spe.... Your can install Anniversary Update via Windows Insider. Samsung Apple Nokia Sony LG HTC Motorola Huawei Microsoft Lenovo Xiaomi Google Acer Asus Oppo OnePlus Meizu BlackBerry Alcatel ZTE Toshiba Vodafone Energizer XOLO Lava Micromax BLU Gionee vivo LeEco Panasonic HP YU verykool Maxwest Plum. HP Elite x3 Microsoft Lumia 950 alcatel Idol 4s Windows Microsoft Lumia 950 XL Acer Liquid Jade 2. Acer Liquid Z520 Acer Liquid Z220 Acer Liquid Z320 Acer Iconia Talk S Acer Liquid Z6 Plus Acer Liquid Z200. 
Enter the characters you see below. Sorry, we just need to make sure you're not a robot. For best results, please make sure your browser is accepting cookies.. Type the characters you see in this image:. 
Press enter or click on the search icon. Acer Liquid Jade Primo – Improved design. Acer Liquid Jade Primo – Reasonable-ish specs for a cost. Acer Liquid Jade Primo – But can it overcome Windows Mobile’s curse?. Acer Liquid Jade Primo – Opening impressions. It’s no secret, I wasn’t the biggest fan of Windows 10 Mobile when it launched at the end of 2015. Despite oozing potential and featuring a number of nifty features, such as baked-in Cortana support and Windows Continuum, the OS failed to deliver.. The initial Lumia 950 and Lumia 950 XL were both overpriced, and bugs in the code kept Microsoft’s OS for phones from achieving mobile greatness.. So then it would be completely justified if you questioned whether it’s worth checking out Acer’s opening Windows 10 mobile smartphone, the Acer Liquid Jade Primo.. If you’re an existing Windows Mobile fan, I’d recommend you cast aside your scepticism, If my initial impressions are correct, there’s plenty to like about Acer’s new handset.. The Lumia 950 and 950 XL’s drab black polycarbonate designs were a huge disappointment, and only added to the growing rumblings that Windows phones are a little dull.. The Acer Liquid Jade Primo goes a long way to reverse this trend and is one of the best-looking Windows phones I’ve seen. It has a similar design to past Acer Liquid-series phones, such as the Android-powered Acer Liquid Jade – a handset that impressed looks-wise, but suffered from poor build quality.. Metallic-finished sides, a curved “hairline-brushed finish” rear and a 2.5D Gorilla Glass screen; these features combine to make the Liquid Jade Primo feel more ergonomic than the boxy Lumia 950. However, I’m not entirely convinced by the build quality of the backplate. Like the Liquid Jade, the rear feels a little flimsy.. Pressing down on the backplate I noticed a fair amount of flex; I’m not certain the phone would survive many accidental drops. However, this impression could be accentuated by the handset’s surprisingly light weight.. I am pleased to see the inclusion of a USB Type-C connector on the Liquid Jade Primo, however. USB Type-C is forecast to replace micro-USB as the smartphone’s standard connector. Its inclusion will boost the phone’s charge and data-transfer speeds, while also adding some future-proofing.. The Acer Liquid Jade Primo isn’t a cheap handset – it has a €569 starting price in Europe. This puts it on a par with Microsoft’s WIndows 10 Lumias – both handsets that in my mind were overpriced.. For Android users, this means that there are probably better deals out there, such as the Moto X Play , OnePlus 2 or Nexus 6P. However, by Windows 10 Mobile standards, the price is justified and the The Liquid Jade Primo features reasonably decent hardware.. The hexa-core Qualcomm Snapdragon 808 processor and 3GB of RAM proved more than powerful enough during my hands-on. Outside of the occasional software hiccups I experience on most phones running Windows 10 Mobile, the Acer phone ran stutter-free.. Get news, competitions and special offers direct to your inbox. By submitting your information, you agree to the Terms & Conditions and Privacy & Cookies Policy .. Please keep me up to date with special offers and news from Trusted Reviews and other brands within the Time Inc. You can unsubscribe at any time.. We'd also like to send you special offers and news just by email from other carefully selected companies we think you might like. Your personal details will not be shared with those companies - we send the emails and you can unsubscribe at any time. Please tick here if you are happy to receive these messages.. Terms & Conditions and Privacy & Cookies Policy. I was also impressed with Liquid Jade Primo’s 5.5-inch AMOLED screen. Acer claims the display covers 100% of the NTSC colour gamut – which is the colour range used to gauge most smartphones – and boasts 176-degree-wide viewing angles.. I didn’t get a chance to verify either of these claims during my hands-on, but was impressed with the screen’s performance. Blacks were inky and whites looked fairly clean. Colours were vibrant, without looking overcooked.. The Liquid Jade Primo’s rear 21-megapixel camera also performed fairly well during my opening tests – although I can’t definitively comment on its performance until I’ve viewed the photos on a larger screen.. The use of Windows 10 Mobile is the Liquid Jade Primo’s most interesting feature. But it’s also a little like marmite, in that it will either excite or deter potential buyers.. Windows 10 Mobile is a key step by Microsoft’s to fix its smartphone OS’s app shortage, through a nifty idea called “Universal Apps”.. Universal Apps are a special type of application that take advantage of the fact that Windows 10’s mobile and desktop variants run using the same core code. In theory, this means that developers can create one app that, outside of a few small tweaks, will run across both versions of the OS.. The idea sounds great on paper, but I’m yet to see evidence of it having an impact; the Windows Store remains woefully light on applications. Outside of Microsoft’s own apps, many apps looked like they hadn’t been upgraded since the days Lumia phones featured Nokia branding.. That said, I did finally get a chance to check Windows 10 Mobile’s Continuum feature during my hands-on. Continuum is a cool feature that lets you turn any Windows 10 smartphone into a mini-PC using a custom Display dock from Microsoft – which costs £70.. This may sound strange, but during my hands-on the feature worked a treat on the Liquid Jade Primo. Connected to the dock, I was able to easily open Office documents and even managed to begin streaming an episode from Netflix on the external monitor. I can see the feature being a big sell for those who regularly travel and want to have access to all their core services without lugging around a full-sized laptop.. The Liquid Jade Primo won’t be the most interesting, or best-value smartphone on the market for those in the Android ecosystem. Competing phones such as the OnePlus 2 and Moto X Play offer significantly better value for money and comparatively good hardware.. However, I can see the handset carving a niche for itself with existing Window Phone fans. The Liquid Jade Primo has a more interesting design than Microsoft’s Lumias and offers competitive specifications.. If Microsoft’s Universal Apps offering does eventually pay off, I can also see the handset being a hit with business buyers looking for a secondary work phone – although from what I’ve seen so far, this remains a big “if”.. Trusted Reviews is part of Time Inc. (UK) Ltd Fashion & Beauty Network. 
Free Amazon Fire TV 4K w/ 1 month of DirecTV Now. Xbox One X | Surface Book 2 NEW Dell XPS 13. Acer Liquid Jade Primo review: Windows 10 Mobile for the business crowd. Acer has made a fine Windows 10 phone in the Liquid Jade Primo, but it's hard to recommend outside the enterprise.. Acer Liquid Jade Primo full review. The Acer Jade Primo is a good phone, that much isn't in doubt. But it's also a good phone let down in a few key areas. The camera is slow and it's more expensive than we'd like when approaching from a consumer standpoint. The Jade Primo and its 'pocket PC' approach makes much more sense in enterprise where it's certainly an attractive proposition. For Average Joe, the Lumia 950 phones are still the ones to get instead.. Acer Liquid Jade Primo unboxing and hands-on. It seems like an age now since Acer first announced the Jade Primo, back in a packed, sweaty room in Berlin at IFA 2015. It's been a long, slow road since then but it's now on sale and beginning to pack pockets in some areas of the world.. Acer claimed the crown for being the first to announce a high-end Windows 10 phone, one supporting Continuum and all its fanciness. Before even Microsoft, with the Lumia 950 phones coming a couple of months later.. The Jade Primo is an interesting device for a number of reasons, which is why we're taking a look at it. There's a very definite enterprise play from Acer, but what about consumers? Is it worth buying?. There's only one way to find out. Acer Liquid Jade Primo specs. 2.0 GHz Qualcomm Snapdragon 808 processor. Acer Liquid Jade Primo hardware and software. One on hand you have a phone a lot like Microsoft's Lumia 950 , on another hand something quite different. Neither of those two statements are in any way a sleight on the Jade Primo, but it also helps to temper expectations.. Unlike the HP approach of throwing literally everything at the phone and making it stick, Acer's hardware is more reserved while still focusing on the enterprise. Inside you'll find a Snapdragon 808 processor, 3GB of RAM and 32GB of storage. Staring back at you is 'only' a 1920x1080 resolution display.. And what a nice display it is. Lovely, deep blacks and vibrant colors are a treat for the eyes. This is one of the best displays on a current Windows phone at any resolution. Though it is on the bright side, even at minimum settings. What's also a treat is that this isn't just a rectangle with a screen (looking at you Lumia 950), there is some shape, some style. The Jade Primo is more pebble-like, with a curved back and rounded corners that just sinks into your palm.. Considering the target crowd are people who will be glued to their phones all day, it's an important detail. This also helps the phone feel smaller than it actually is. In reality it's between the Lumia 950 and 950 XL in size, with a 5.5-inch display, but as it's narrower than the larger of Microsoft's flagships it's much less of a thing to handle.. With the Jade Primo you can get a full PC setup in the same box. The internals are plenty powerful enough for Windows 10 Mobile, and more importantly Continuum, but they're still decidedly old hat in the greater smartphone landscape. The Snapdragon 808 has been around for a while, even when the Jade Primo was also announced 12 months ago. Operationally it's not really an issue, but given the price of the hardware it's a little disappointing.. With the Jade Primo there is, however, more on the table than just a phone. Acer has a multitude of accessories to offer alongside it providing a full "PC in a box" experience. While we didn't receive a monitor, our review package came with the Display Dock, a keyboard, and a mouse.. Acer's Display Dock has a leg up on Microsoft's too, in that it's also a charging cradle for the phone. It's not quite as portable, but it's also not designed to be. It's all plastic, kitted out with a USB 3.0 port, two USB 2.0 ports and a HDMI out. It'll charge the phone, too, but through a proprietary port, not USB-C. Hence leaving it on your desk and not taking it with you.. Acer Liquid Jade Primo performance. Again, it's all part of the enterprise hardware play, and it's smart. Acer can go to its partners with everything in a big box to sell instead of a phone and a laptop. For a heap of enterprise users, Continuum will be plenty.. There's currently no Anniversary Update or word on when it'll come. Gone are the days that buying a non-Lumia Windows phone would result in a sub-par software experience. Thankfully, the same stock apps are now available across the board which means a consistent experience.. There's nothing fancy pre-loaded, nothing out of the ordinary, just plain old Windows 10 Mobile. It doesn't yet have the Anniversary Update, and at this point we've heard nothing official on if or when it'll be landing. That's disappointing in itself, but it's also something that won't be exclusive to Acer. It's the biggest issue with the software on the Jade Primo and sure, consumers may be a little more peeved than the enterprise folks.. But having seen the improvements made to the HP Elite X3 and even Microsoft's own Lumia phones with the Anniversary Update, I'd say Acer needs to get on it pronto.. The Jade Primo is mostly a match for the Lumia 950 on hardware, so we'd expect a similar level of performance. The big difference is the screen resolution so you'd expect a bit better battery life, but otherwise that assumption of equal performance is right on.. Windows 10 Mobile has come a long way since the early days and it's now smooth, snappy and generally pleasant to use. Continuum is nice to use, too, which is no doubt a comfort to the enterprise folks eyeing one. It still surprises me to that you can do such a thing with a mobile telephone.. Where the Jade Primo does fall down is in camera performance. Not so much the pictures, but its speed. If you're coming from a Lumia you'll notice how bad the camera is here. It doesn't matter whether you let it pick the focus point or you manually set it, you wait what feels like an age for the camera to focus and snap a shot.. Acer Liquid Jade Primo camera. Don't fall into the trap of thinking high megapixels means a top-notch camera on the Jade Primo. It's not that it's bad, but on a phone that costs what this does you'd expect so much more. It's terribly slow at both focusing and capturing, which means it's not much use for those quick fleeting shots of kids, for example. Indeed I stopped trying to photograph my 2-year-old because he moves a lot faster than the Jade Primo focuses.. When you've got the time to compose the shot properly the pictures that come out are decent. One critique would be that even on bright days images come out a little dark looking. But, it's not bad in low-light situations and the front facing camera is stronger than you'll find on the Lumia 950.. Check out a few samples in the gallery below.. Acer Liquid Jade Primo battery life. Inside the Jade Primo, you'll find a 2870mAh battery that's not removable. If you can't hot swap during your business day you're going to be expecting to get good life from what lies within, right? Well, for the most part, the Jade Primo does just fine. I've not really struggled to get through the day with it, but one thing that was a little concerning is how quickly it drains power while in my pocket doing nothing.. The idle battery drain is somewhat concerning. If anything the over-bright display should cause more battery drain than on some other phones, but sat idle next to a Lumia 950 XL the Jade Primo drains its battery significantly faster. Hopefully this is something that can be fixed with an update.. That said, if you're using this as a 'PC in your pocket' and spend a good amount of time plugged in for Continuum, then this probably won't affect you. Keep the dock connected to the mains and you'll never run out.. Acer Liquid Jade Primo: The bottom line. Let there be no doubt, the Acer Jade Primo is a good Windows 10 phone. But it's not a great one, with a frustratingly slow camera, idle battery drain, and a high price tag. The Jade Primo is also quite expensive if you're paying full retail, a fair amount more than its closest Windows competitors, the Lumia 950 or 950 XL.. That's not to say you shouldn't appreciate the many good things about it. The display, while a bit too bright, is a treat for your eyeballs, and the design is refreshing among bland rectangles. Performance as both a phone and a pocket-PC in Continuum is on-par with the Lumia 950, and we'd expect nothing less given the closeness of the hardware in the two.. Average consumers should still buy a Lumia 950 before one of these. But the biggest takeaway here is that this is an enterprise play from Acer. I was told much the same way back at Mobile World Congress 2016, and in that regard this is an extremely appealing product. Acer will sell a big box with a phone and everything else you need (even including a monitor), to have the complete Continuum-powered PC experience. When it comes to deploying in the business world, the cost is less of an issue, especially compared to the cost of a phone and a laptop.. If you're an average consumer looking for a high-end Windows phone, you should probably still buy a Lumia 950 or 950 XL. They're significantly cheaper than the Jade Primo while offering the same experience. Even if you have to get it in a different way. If you're an enterprise buyer looking for that sweet-spot package, the Jade Primo should 100% be on the shortlist alongside the HP Elite x3.. Careers: Writer | Dev. 
more ... more .... more ... more .... View all photos (6). Acer's first Windows 10 phone - Jade Primo, is powered by a hexa-core Snapdragon 808 processor, and sports a 5.5-inch display with 1080 x 1920 pixels. Other features include an 8 MP front-facing camera, a 21 MP rear camera with dual LED flash, 3 GB of RAM, and 32 GB of storage space. Dimensions: 6.17 x 3.02 x 0.33 inches (156.6 x 76.8 x 8.5 mm). Weight: 5.29 oz (150 g) the average is 5.6 oz (159 g). Resolution: 1080 x 1920 pixels. Features: Scratch-resistant glass (Corning Gorilla Glass), Ambient light sensor, Proximity sensor. Pixel density - The pixel density of a display represents the number of pixels over an area of one inch. It’s measured in “pixels per inch”, or ppi. The higher the number, the more detailed and good-looking the display is.. Technology - There are two main screen technologies currently used in phones and tablets: LCD and AMOLED. The former usually features a light source and liquid crystals, while the latter is based on organic light-emitting diodes. Newer LCD variations like IPS-LCD and Super-LCD allow for very accurate color reproduction and very wide viewing angles, where no significant image quality loss is observed. Current AMOLED screens differ in such a way that they can exhibit much more saturated colors (sometimes too much) and incredibly high contrast levels, which is due to black color being completely black in AMOLED displays.. Screen-to-body ratio - Shows what part of the frontal area of a phone its screen occupies.. Aperture size - The aperture of a camera is the opening through which light travels before it reaches the camera sensor. The smaller the number is, the bigger this opening is, allowing for more light to pass.. Hexa-core, 2000 MHz, ARM Cortex-A57 and ARM Cortex-A53, 64-bit. 3 GB RAM / 32 MB ROM. System chip - Most modern handsets use an advanced chip that includes many of the device’s hardware modules like the processor, Wi-Fi, Bluetooth and sometimes even the wireless radio. This field shows what particular system chip (or System-on-a-Chip) is used in the phone.. Processor - The processor is the main computing component of a phone and is a major factor when it comes to the overall speed of the device. Some more powerful smartphones use dual-core and quad-core processors designed to deliver greater performance.. Graphics processor - The graphics processor is important for the smooth operation of the system and especially in games and other applications that may involve complex graphics and animations.. System memory - System memory, or RAM memory is the type of memory that the device uses to temporarily store data from the OS or currently-running apps. The more RAM available to the device, the better the performance will be when multiple or heavier programs are running.. Storage expansion - Some handsets allow you to expand their storage capacity by using a memory expansion card – most often microSD. Expansion memory is mostly suitable for media storage, such as photo, video or music content.. Talk time: 20.00 hours the average is 20 h (1229 min). Stand-by time: 13.8 days (330 hours) the average is 21 days (502 h). Capacity - The bigger, the better! However, battery capacity is not the only factor that has an effect on battery life. Those include the chipset in use, the software running on the device, as well as the consumer's unique usage pattern.. Filter by: Album, Artist, Genre, Playlists. Features: Album art cover, Background playback. Cellular GSM: 850, 900, 1800, 1900 MHz. UMTS: 850, 900, 1900, 2100 MHz. Data: LTE-A Cat 6 (300/50 Mbit/s), HSDPA+ (4G) 42.2 Mbit/s, HSPA, HSUPA. Accelerometer, Gyroscope, Compass, Hall (for flip covers). Notifications: Haptic feedback, Music ringtones (MP3), Polyphonic ringtones, Vibration, Flight mode, Silent mode, Speakerphone. Other features: Voice dialing, Voice commands, Voice recording. 802.11 b, g, n, ac, dual-band. Features: Mass storage device, USB charging. Other: Tethering, Computer sync, OTA sync. Positioning - This field shows the positioning systems supported by the device. The most common types are GPS and A-GPS.. GPS - This is one of the most widespread global positioning technologies, developed and maintained by the U.S. It uses satellites in order to detect your location. A-GPS - A-GPS stands for Assisted GPS and is the industry standard for positioning and navigation. “Assisted” means that it can use local wireless networks, in addition to satellites, for quicker and more precise localization.. Availability Officially announced: 02 Sep 2015. Shopping information MSRP price: € 569 / $ 650. FCC approval - The Federal Communications Commission (FCC) is an independent United States government agency, directly responsible to Congress. The FCC was established by the Communications Act of 1934 and is charged with regulating interstate and international communications by radio, television, wire, satellite and cable. The FCC's jurisdiction covers the 50 states, the District of Columbia, and U.S. Every wireless phone device that is sold in the U.S. has to be tested and approved for sale by the FCC.. Date approved - Shows the date when the particular phone is approved by the Federal Communications Commission. FCC ID value - Shows the FCC Identifying value of the particular phone. FCC measured SAR - Working closely with federal health and safety agencies, such as the Food and Drug Administration (FDA), the FCC has adopted limits for safe exposure to radiofrequency (RF) energy. These limits are given in terms of a unit referred to as the Specific Absorption Rate (SAR), which is a measure of the amount of radio frequency energy absorbed by the body when using a mobile phone. The FCC requires cell phone manufacturers to ensure that their phones comply with these objective limits for safe exposure. Any cell phone at or below these SAR levels (that is, any phone legally sold in the U.S.) is a "safe" phone, as measured by these standards. The FCC limit for public exposure from cellular telephones is an SAR level of 1.6 watts per kilogram (1.6 W/kg).. To see the full specifications with in-depth details click here.. Despite our efforts to provide full and correct Acer Liquid Jade Primo specifications, there is always a possibility of making a mistake. If you see any wrong or incomplete data, please LET US KNOW .. If you are interested in using our specs commercially, check out our Phone specs database licensing page.. $206 Buy. Acer Jade Primo flagship not getting Windows 10 Mobile Anniversary Update. Microsoft Store selling Acer's Liquid Jade Primo with Continuum dock and more for just $549. Android-powered Acer Liquid Jade Primo around the corner with 21MP camera, Snapdragon 808?. The Samsung Galaxy S9 and S9+ have game-changing cameras with variable aperture and 960fps slow-mo video recording. The Big Barcelona Camera Comparison: iPhone X vs Pixel 2 XL vs Note 8. Samsung Galaxy S9 and S9+ rumor review: Specs, design, features, price and release date. Sony presents Xperia XZ2 and XZ2 Compact: new design and Snapdragon 845. Galaxy S9 Exynos edition gets benchmarked against rivals!. Galaxy S9 first camera comparison vs iPhone X, V30, S8. Samsung Galaxy S9 & S9+ hands-on. MWC 2018: top smartphones to expect. Best smartphone you can buy in 2018. Allo is a quality app, but Google isn't giving it a real chance. All content (phone reviews, news, specs, info), design and layouts are Copyright 2001-2018 phoneArena.com. Reproduction in whole or in part or in any form or medium without written permission is prohibited! Privacy. 
Esto también se puede leer en español.. Acer's Liquid Jade Primo is a promising Windows 10 smartphone. The Liquid Jade Primo is the first of a new breed of Windows 10-powered phones capable of linking up with a keyboard, mouse and monitor to be used like a desktop PC.. by October 12, 2015 3:20 PM PDT. One of the first smartphones to sport Microsoft's new Windows 10 operating system, Acer's new Liquid Jade Primo could beat the just-announced Lumia 950 and 950 XL to market. Since those flagships won't be available until November, the 5.5-inch device could wind up being the fastest way for eager beavers to get to Windows 10 .. The Liquid Jade Primo comes kitted out with a 1,920x1,080-pixel full-HD AMOLED display and a promising a 21-megapixel rear camera with dual LED flash. However, it's one of the more exciting Windows 10 features, Continuum , that will make the Jade Primo a beneficial tool. Continuum allows you to connect a keyboard, mouse and monitor to the smartphone, which will then behave like an actual PC, with familiar-looking start menu, screen and apps that scale up to fit the monitor.. Use your Lumia 950 phone as a PC. This feature is exclusive to Windows 10 handsets, with Microsoft adding the minimum hardware requirement of a Qualcomm Snapdragon 808 processor -- a benchmark that this phone easily hits.. Not much else is known about the Liquid Jade Primo, with Acer yet to reveal information about the smartphone's RAM , storage space, pricing or availability. It was shown off at IFA alongside the 6-inch Predator , a robust Android smartphone built for gamers.. The Liquid Jade Primo isn't the hardware company's only Windows 10 device. On Monday the Taiwanese company announced the Aspire R 14 convertible notebook and Aspire Z3-700 , a 17.3-inch all-in-one PC.. Visit manufacturer site for details.. Best Phones for 2018. See All. Samsung’s king of phones is excellent, but you'll pay a pretty penny for stylus privileges.. A radical redesign that's nearly all screen includes a new cutting-edge facial recognition.... LG just gave Samsung a run for the money.. But we're still waiting on the Siri-like AI.. The Pixel 2's superb camera makes it worth a look.. This week on CNET News. Homeland Security's tall order: A hacker-free election. 'Annihilation' director wove memory into a dream-like movie. Dogecoin: The joke cryptocurrency that was too real for its own good. Be respectful, keep it clean and stay on topic. We delete comments that violate our policy , which we encourage you to read. Discussion threads can be closed at any time at our discretion.. CNET may earn fees when you click through to a partner site.. 
The source for Tech Buying Advice. More Car Tech. Tech deals, prizes and latest news. Hands on: Acer Liquid Jade Primo review. Is this just another Windows phone?. What is a hands on review?. The spec sheet is good and the rear camera is excellent, but patchy performance and a cheap feeling design means the Primo struggles for a desirability factor.. Now Microsoft has launched its first fleet of Windows 10 Mobile -toting Lumias we're beginning to see other manufacturers dabble in the software. One of those is Acer, and at CES 2016 it launched the Liquid Jade Primo.. First things first - the name is a bit of a mess. It's not clear what Acer is trying to go for here as it's borrowed the first part of the name from its Android Liquid Jade series, and it's fair to say it probably should have gone with something else.. Onwards though, and what you have here is a handset which from first look appears rather more stylish than Microsoft's Lumia 950 and 950 XL. The faux chrome border gives an air of premium style, while the brushed metal effect on the rear is reminiscent on the finish on the back of the actually-all-metal HTC One M9 .. Upon picking up the Liquid Jade Primo however, the premium appeal is lost. There's no mistaking the plastic finish of the handset and while it does keep the weight down to a comfortable 150g, it also makes the Primo feel like a budget device.. Considering it sports a price tag of €569 (around £420, US$620, AU$850), the overly plastic finish is a bit of a shame.. Its slim line frame does sit nicely in the hand, with the tapered edges hiding the 8.4mm thickness. The power/lock and volume keys are located on the right, below a flap hiding the dual SIM card slots.. In the spec department it fares better with a 5.5-inch full HD display, Snapdragon 808 processor, 3GB of RAM, 32GB of internal storage, 21MP rear camera and 8MP front snapper.. What stands out though is the now-aging 808 chip. With 3GB of RAM by its side I still had high hopes for the performance, but unfortunately the Primo failed to really deliver during my hands on time with it.. The Windows 10 Mobile interface felt slow under finger, and even basic apps such as Messages seemed to take longer than you'd expect to load up. There was a noticeable delay firing up the camera app too, along with a pause when hitting the on-screen shutter key. Perhaps it wasn't running final software, but I do hope it improves before it hits shelves next month.. The rear facing 21MP camera is one of the highlights of the Liquid Jade Primo, once it's loaded. It takes bright, colourful, highly detailed shots which wouldn't look out of place on an iPhone or Samsung Galaxy.. There's also a selection of more professional controls including white balance, ISO and contrast, while on the front you get a more than serviceable 8MP snapper.. As I've already mentioned, the Windows 10 Mobile interface isn't particularly slick on the Liquid Jade Primo with the handset appearing to struggle with the animations and app loading.. Windows 10 Mobile is however easy to use as the large tiled interface and simple app list is easier to grasp for first time smartphone users, but those used to iOS or Android will likely find it a jarring experience.. There's now a wide selection of quick settings which you can toggle from the notification bar, and the multi-tasking menu - accessed by holding down on the back key - has been redesigned for a better overview of what you've got running the in the background.. It also looks good on the 5.5-inch display, which is bright and clear - I certainly wouldn't be against watching movies on the Primo, although the circular rear facing speaker doesn't kick out the best sound.. One of the key benefits of Windows 10 Mobile is its Continuum functionality which turns your phone into a computer when connected to a screen via an optional dock.. Those invested in Microsoft's office suite could benefit hugely here, with easy access to the likes of Word, Excel and Powerpoint on a big screen without the need for a laptop.. While it's good to see manufacturers getting back into the Windows game, the Acer Liquid Jade Primo doesn't feel like a phone which will help win over the hearts of those currently wedded to iOS or Android.. The spec sheet is good and the rear camera is excellent, but patchy performance and a cheap feeling design means the Primo struggles for a desirability factor.. Hopefully this will be the first of several Windows 10 Mobile handsets from Acer, and fingers crossed it builds positively on it.. What is a hands on review?. 'Hands on reviews' are a journalist's first impressions of a piece of kit based on spending some time with it. It may be just a few moments, or a few hours. The important thing is we have been able to play with it ourselves and can give you some sense of what it's like to use, even if it's only an embryonic view. For more information, see TechRadar's Reviews Guarantee .. You can unsubscribe at any time and we'll never share your details without your permission.. Get the best tech deals, reviews, product advice, competitions, unmissable tech news and more!. 1 Samsung Galaxy S9 release date, price, news and features. 2 Samsung Galaxy S9 launch: as it happened. 3 Samsung Galaxy S9 live stream: how to watch today's big launch event. 4 How to watch Arsenal v Man City live stream online for the Carabao Cup final NOW. 5 MWC 2018: All the latest news from the show. 2 Samsung Galaxy S9 Plus review. 3 Samsung Galaxy S9 release date, price, news and features. 4 Samsung Galaxy S9 launch: as it happened. 5 BlackBerry: 'we understand we are not for everyone' but 'we're here to stay'. TechRadar is part of Future plc, an international media group and leading digital publisher. England and Wales company registration number 2008885.. 
Learn more about PCWorld's Digital Editions. Hands-on with the Acer Liquid Jade Primo Windows Phone. Acer gives us some hands-on time with its new flagship Windows Phone, and we like what we see.. Use commas to separate multiple email addresses. There was an error emailing this page.. Acer Liquid Jade Primo: Finally a new third-party flagship Windows phone. Don't call Alto Tech's 'Cool Glass' a knockoff Google Glass. Behold the wackiest products from the Asian showcase at CES. Windows 10 in the dash? Autonomous driving and Continuum makes it possible. Windows 10 in the dash? Autonomous... Morpx's Mu for Toys gives your favorite toys the gift of sight. Morpx's Mu for Toys gives your... Humaneyes Vuze shoots 360-degree, 4k, stereoscopic 3D video. Microsoft Lumia 950XL hands-on: Here's the flagship we've been waiting for. Acer says that it will begin shipping its Liquid Jade Primo phone next month, with what appears to be some premium specs. But when will it ship to the U.S.?. Acer Liquid Jade Primo: Finally a new third-party flagship Windows phone. Acer's Liquid Jade Primo just became the new flagship Windows Phone. Acer Liquid Jade Primo review: Acer bets big on a Windows phone as your next PC. HP Elite x3 review: Yep, this was the last great Windows phone. [ Further reading: The best Android phones for every budget. For Windows Phone fans, the most wonderful thing about the Acer Liquid Jade Primo is the very fact that you have a. And if you’re looking for a phone that simply feels a little more luxurious than the Lumia 950 series from Microsoft, Acer may have the phone for you.. Acer’s Liquid Jade Primo reminds me of an Android phone—and that’s not a bad thing. Microsoft’s design aesthetic is what I would call fairly prosaic and straightforward: aside from the wild colors of the Lumias of yesteryear, Microsoft has aimed for a productivity approach.. The Liquid Jade Primo has a brushed metal aesthetic with tiny ridges on the back, enough to probably keep you from worrying that it will slip free. It feels solid but comfortable in the hand. I wouldn’t call the Lumia 950 a small phone by any stretch, but the 5.5-inch 1080p display the Jade Primo offers. pushes past it and into small phablet territory.. Acer executives told me they’re consciously avoiding stepping on Microsoft’s toes—not to avoid angering Microsoft, but simply to offer a different product than what Microsoft does. And that includes the price, as well—Acer plans to offer the Liquid Jade Primo, plus its display dock, for less than the $649 Microsoft charges for an unlocked Lumia 950 XL. (Acer will sell just the phone for even less, naturally. And it has already announced that the price will be 569 euro, at least in the EMEA region.). The Liquid Jade Primo display dock holds the phone.. And oh yes, did I mention that Acer has its own Continuum dock, too? And it’s a nice one, letting the phone slip into the top, like a pocket. In the demo we saw, the dock connected to the phone via USB-C and then to a USB-C enabled display, as well, although HDMI-out is also included.. Acer’s Liquid Jade Primo also features a pair of SIM card slots for international use, one of which can be configured as an SD card slot for extra storage. I didn’t have enough time to try and snap any representative pictures with the phone, but the 24-megapixel rear camera tops the Lumia 950’s 20-megapixel camera, at least on paper. Megapixels aren’t always representative of overall image quality, however, so the camera will remain an unknown until we can obtain one for testing.. Naturally, the Liquid Jade Primo runs Windows 10 Mobile—which, of course, brings with it its own share of issues. In just the few minutes I had to play with the phone it spontaneously rebooted once, which hopefully was just an anomaly.. But with HTC apparently running away from its once auspicious One M8 experiment, Acer’s Liquid Jade Primo provides a viable alternative to Microsoft hardware. It’s been a long time coming.. Correction: Acer executives originally told us that Jade Primo plus its dock would be priced less than the $549 Microsoft charges for the Lumia 950. An Acer spokeswoman now says that the "target price" is $649, or the price Microsoft charges for the Lumia 950XL.. To comment on this article and other PCWorld content, visit our Facebook page or our Twitter feed.. As PCWorld's senior editor, Mark focuses on Microsoft news and chip technology, among other beats.. PCWorld helps you navigate the PC ecosystem to find the products you want and the advice you need to get the job done.. Copyright © 2018 IDG Communications, Inc.. 
Home Shop MWC News Reviews Features Opinions Videos The Gadgets 360 Show Cell Guru Prime Tech Smartphone Reviews Tech and Gadget Reviews How-To Videos Video Game Reviews and Features Top Lists by Gadgets 360 Unboxing and Hands-On Videos Podcasts Compare Mobiles Phone Finder DEALS. Mobiles Tablets Apps Gaming Cameras PC/Laptops AUDIO/VIDEO How To Telecom Science INDIA INTERNET SOCIAL MEDIA WEARABLES हिंदी. Acer Adcom Alcatel Apple Archos Asus BlackBerry Blu Celkon Coolpad Datawind Fly Gionee HTC Huawei iBall iBerry Idea InFocus Intex iVoomi Jivi Karbonn Lava LeEco Lenovo LG Lyf Maxx Mobile Meizu Micromax Microsoft Motorola MTS Nokia Obi Oppo Panasonic Philips Ringing Bells Samsung Sony Spice Swipe Videocon Vivo Wickedleak Xiaomi Xolo Yu Zen Ziox Zopo ZTE. Home Mobiles Phone Finder Acer Liquid Jade Primo. SPECIFICATIONS USER REVIEWS NEWS. Share on Facebook Tweet Share Share Email Reddit. Acer Liquid Jade Primo smartphone was launched in September 2015. The phone comes with a 5.50-inch touchscreen display with a resolution of 1080 pixels by 1920 pixels. The Acer Liquid Jade Primo is powered by hexa-core Qualcomm Snapdragon 808 processor and it comes with 3GB of RAM. The phone packs 32GB of internal storage that cannot be expanded. As far as the cameras are concerned, the Acer Liquid Jade Primo packs a 21-megapixel primary camera on the rear and a 8-megapixel front shooter for selfies. The Acer Liquid Jade Primo runs Windows 10 Mobile. The Acer Liquid Jade Primo is a single SIM (GSM) smartphone that accepts a Micro-SIM. Connectivity options include Wi-Fi, GPS, Bluetooth and 3G. Sensors on the phone include Compass Magnetometer, Proximity sensor, Accelerometer, Ambient light sensor and Gyroscope.. Acer Liquid Jade Primo With Windows 10 Mobile: Price, Availability Revealed. More Acer mobiles Acer mobiles price in India. Acer Liquid Jade Primo detailed specifications. Release date September 2015 Form factor Touchscreen Removable battery No. Screen size (inches) 5.50 Touchscreen Yes Resolution 1080x1920 pixels. Processor hexa-core Processor make Qualcomm Snapdragon 808 RAM 3GB Internal storage 32GB Expandable storage No. Rear camera 21-megapixel Rear Flash Dual LED Front camera 8-megapixel. Wi-Fi Yes GPS Yes Bluetooth Yes NFC No Infrared No USB OTG No Headphones 3.5mm FM No Number of SIMs 1 SIM 1 SIM Type Micro-SIM GSM/CDMA GSM 3G Yes 4G/ LTE No Supports 4G in India (Band 40) No. Compass/ Magnetometer Yes Proximity sensor Yes Accelerometer Yes Ambient light sensor Yes Gyroscope Yes Barometer No Temperature sensor No. Error or missing information? Please let us know. User ratings and reviews for Acer Liquid Jade Primo. 0 Out of 5. 5 Star 4 Star 3 Star 2 Star 1 Star. Acer Liquid Jade Primo With Windows 10 Mobile: Price, Availability Revealed. Acer Liquid Z6 Plus Acer Liquid Z6 Acer Liquid Zest Plus Acer Liquid Zest 4G Acer Liquid Zest Acer Liquid Jade 2 Acer Liquid Z630s Acer Liquid Z630 Acer Liquid Z530S Acer Liquid Z530 Acer Liquid M330 Acer Liquid Z330 Acer Liquid M320 Acer Liquid Z320 Acer Liquid Z520 Acer Liquid Jade Z Acer Liquid Z220 Acer Liquid M220 Acer Liquid Z410 Acer Liquid Jade S Acer Liquid Z500 Acer Liquid Z200 Acer Liquid E600 Acer Liquid E700 Acer Liquid X1 Acer Liquid Jade Acer Liquid Z4 Acer Liquid E3 Acer Liquid Z5. Acer Liquid Jade Primo Hp Elite X3 vs. Acer Liquid Jade Primo Hp Elite X3 vs. Acer Liquid Jade Primo vs. Microsoft Lumia 950 Xl Dual Sim Acer Liquid Zest 4g vs. Acer Liquid Jade 2 vs. Acer Liquid Jade Primo Acer Liquid Jade Primo vs. Acer Liquid Jade Z Acer Liquid Jade Primo vs. LG Optimus L5ii Acer Liquid Jade Primo vs. Acer Liquid Jade Z vs. Acer Liquid Jade S Samsung Galaxy S7 vs. Acer Liquid Jade Primo Acer Liquid Jade Primo vs. Huawei Honor 4c Samsung Galaxy A7 2016 vs. PCs and Laptops at CES 2016. Nokia 7 Plus Is an Android One Phone With Dual Rear Cameras, Zeiss Optics Samsung Galaxy S9, Galaxy S9+ With Improved Cameras, AR Emoji Launched Samsung Galaxy S9, Galaxy S9+ Pre-Orders Now Open in India Nokia 7 Plus vs Nokia 7 Nokia 8110 4G Is a 'Slider' Feature Phone With Google, Facebook Apps OnePlus 5, OnePlus 5T HD Content Streaming Issue Fixed, With a Catch Sony Unveils Xperia Ear Duo to Answer Apple AirPods, Samsung Gear IconX Vodafone to Offer 4.5GB Data Per Day for 28 Days at Rs. 799: Report Sony Xperia XZ2, Xperia XZ2 Compact With 18:9 Displays Launched at MWC Nokia 8 Sirocco With Dual Cameras, Stainless Steel Frame Launched at MWC. Samsung phones price list Lyf phones price list Micromax phones price list Sony phones price list Htc phones price list Lenovo phones price list Intex phones price list Lava phones price list Apple phones price list Nokia phones price list Xolo phones price list Lg phones price list Vivo phones price list Oppo phones price list Gionee phones price list Motorola phones price list Blackberry phones price list Xiaomi phones price list. Sitemaps Archives Advertise About Us Feedback Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions Complaint Redressal Careers Contact Us RSS Ethics Acer Liquid Jade Primo in Hindi. © Copyright Red Pixels Ventures Limited 2018. Subject Comments. 
Free Amazon Fire TV 4K w/ 1 month of DirecTV Now. Xbox One X | Surface Book 2 NEW Dell XPS 13. Acer Liquid Jade Primo and Desktop Kit - Unboxing and first impressions. Late last week, the Acer Liquid Jade Primo made its way to the United States. The phone comes with a Desktop kit for Continuum (dock, wireless keyboard, and mouse) and is available at the Microsoft Store for $649.. I got my hands on one of the kits and today I'll unbox and give you my thoughts on what I think so far of this new Windows 10 Mobile phone!. Qualcomm Snapdragon 808 (MSM8992) Hexa Core Processor. 32GB storage microSD memory slot up to 128GB (SDXC compatible). 5.5" AMOLED Full HD 1080P (1920 x 1080). Main, rear camera: 21MP, auto focus, Dual LED flashlight Front-facing camera: 8MP, fixed focus. Dual SIM USB 3.1 (Type-C) Bluetooth 4.0 EDR 802.11ac WiFi featuring MIMO technology (Dual-Band 2.4GHz and 5GHz). Light sensor G sensor E-Compass Proximity sensor Hall sensor Gyro Sensor GPS/AGPS. 6.16 x 2.99 x 0.33 in (156.5 x 75.9 x 8.4 mm) (L x W H). In this raw video, I take apart the kit and show you what you get for $649. While the kit itself has some unique packaging, the idea behind this Continuum all-in-one is certainly interesting.. So far, I am pleasantly surprised by the Jade Primo. More specifically, I like it more than I thought I would. The build quality and feel is very different from a Lumia 950 and Lumia 950 XL, and I can't help by notice that Acer borrowed a bit from Samsung's design here. That's not a bad thing, however, as the Jade Primo feels great to hold albeit a bit tall.. Display – Even though it's "only" Full HD this AMOLED display looks sharp, clear, and is quite bright. Considering you look at a smartphone a lot, this is a strength of this phone. I also think 5.5-inches is the sweet spot, falling right in between the Lumia 950 and Lumia 950 XL. Feels great – Being a thin phone with curved edges the Jade Primo has a great design. Good battery – Since this phone is using a Full HD AMOLED display it is getting better battery life the Lumia 950 so far. Loud speaker – Although the placement is a little odd that little speaker can crank loud; however, it lacks bass and is almost all treble erring on the side of being too crisp. Smart Cover – The smart cover only turns on the display when opened, but the cover itself goes well with the phone, and I like it more than I thought I would. Wireless Continuum – The Acer dock uses HDMI to connect to a display, but the keyboard and mouse are wireless. Result? This setup works great for a TV & Continuum experience. You can dock the phone by your television and use the mouse and keyboard on the couch. I find myself using it this way more often than I thought. Decent Camera – I'm actually subtly impressed by the camera. The duo-tone flash works very well, and the camera can do some excellent metering and balancing of multiple light sources. It can get some better than average photos, which is more than I was expecting. Colors, however, are very muted, and there is a lack of vibrancy. Fast Ring Ready - Being a new Windows 10 Mobile phone you can use the Insider Fast Ring and get the Anniversary Update. I had issues with 14390, but it so far 14393 is working quite well. Dual SIM/micro SD - The new fad in smartphones including the HP Elite x3 is offering a dual-SIM/micro SD setup. This choice means you can run either two SIMs or a SIM and micro SD card. It's a weird situation as ideally some people will want everything – dual SIM and micro SD – but this lets OEMs save some space and give more options to customers. LTE - I can confirm that you can run full LTE on AT&T or T-Mobile with this phone. There is no CDMA support, so Verizon and Sprint are still out. Charge with the phone off - Lots of people ask for the ability to charge the phone while the display is off. The Jade Primo like the Moly phones can do this trick. No Bloat - Acer doesn't even add third party apps to their Jade Primo. It's straight Windows 10 Mobile build 10586.318. Let's go through the high points and then I'll hit up the weaker ones.. Overall, that is a pretty solid list of pros for this phone. There is an LED for charging but as usual, there is nothing yet in the OS to enable it for notifications. Being a Snapdragon 808 you did get Fast Charging too, which helps make up for lack of Qi or a removable battery. The vibration and haptic feedback engine is stronger than average.. No NFC - How do you omit NFC in a high-end (or near high-end if you want to be pedantic) phone in 2016? I don't know, but Acer did not put NFC on this phone and I'm not entirely sure why. That, of course, means no Mobile Payments for this phone, which is a bummer. Weird buttons – The Jade Primo has all its buttons its side with the volume rocker in the middle of the body and the power button below it. The buttons are decent, but the power button feels lower than it should (it's below mid-point on the phone). Still, it's better than the Lumia 950 XL in this regard. Brightness – The Darkest/Darker/Suggested/Brighter/Brightest presets do nothing. The whole auto-sensing part in Redstone is not working. [ Update : On 7/22 this was fixed with the 14393.3 OS patch!] You can use the manual percent stepping instead. The display also does not get very dark, which is bad if you want to use it at nighttime. Camera is finicky – While you can get some good shots the camera is a bit slower than expected and focusing is not that fast. Odd screen accuracy – The display on 10586.494 has some odd accuracy issues where sometimes it feels like you need to tap twice on the screen target. However, this seems better with the Redstone/Anniversary Update builds. Smart cover and dock? – While the smart cover is beautiful you cannot keep it on the device while using the Acer Dock, which is a bit of a pain. Plastic mouse and keyboard – The included mouse and keyboard are actually very nice to use, but there is no denying they feel hollow and rather cheap. Acer Liquid Jade Primo Photo Gallery. Nonetheless, there are some quirks and oddities as well.. Also, there is some creakiness to the phone if you try to flex it. There is no double-tap to wake or Glance screen either. The camera button on the Lock Screen in the Anniversary Update does not work. Speaking of Anniversary Update, this phone suffers from the Wi-Fi/No Connection bug too and may be in fact worse. Microsoft is supposed to fix that soon, however, before the final release.. Acer Liquid Jade Primo Camera Samples. Without going into a full review, I will say so far I rather like the Acer Jade Primo. Despite some quirks, most of its issues can likely be solved with a firmware/software update. Comparing it to the Lumia 950 and Lumia 950 XL is a bit complicated, but the metaphor of it being the middle child seems to apply in this case.. I'll do more on the Acer Jade Primo in the coming weeks. Ask questions in comments and I'll try to answer.. For now, you can check out the photo gallery, unboxing video, and camera samples. You can also jump into our Acer Liquid Jade Primo forums where users are sharing more information.. Careers: Writer | Dev. 
Our new search experience requires JavaScript to be enabled. Please enable JavaScript on your browser , then try again .. All Categories Antiques Art Baby Books Business & Industrial Cameras & Photo Cell Phones & Accessories Clothing, Shoes & Accessories Coins & Paper Money Collectibles Computers/Tablets & Networking Consumer Electronics Crafts Dolls & Bears DVDs & Movies eBay Motors Entertainment Memorabilia Gift Cards & Coupons Health & Beauty Home & Garden Jewelry & Watches Music Musical Instruments & Gear Pet Supplies Pottery & Glass Real Estate Specialty Services Sporting Goods Sports Mem, Cards & Fan Shop Stamps Tickets & Experiences Toys & Hobbies Travel Video Games & Consoles Everything Else. Hi ( Sign in to bid or buy) Daily Deals Gift Cards Help & Contact Sell. Summary Recently Viewed Bids/Offers Watch List Purchase History Selling Saved Searches Saved Sellers Messages. Refine your search for Acer Jade Primo. All Listings - Current page. results for Acer Jade Primo. Save Acer Jade Primo to get e-mail alerts and updates on your eBay Feed.. Unfollow Acer Jade Primo to stop getting updates on your eBay Feed.. You'll receive email and Feed alerts when new items arrive. Afghanistan - AFG Albania - ALB Algeria - DZA American Samoa - ASM Andorra - AND Angola - AGO Anguilla - AIA Antigua and Barbuda - ATG Argentina - ARG Armenia - ARM Aruba - ABW Australia - AUS Austria - AUT Azerbaijan Republic - AZE Bahamas - BHS Bahrain - BHR Bangladesh - BGD Barbados - BRB Belarus - BLR Belgium - BEL Belize - BLZ Benin - BEN Bermuda - BMU Bhutan - BTN Bolivia - BOL Bosnia and Herzegovina - BIH Botswana - BWA Brazil - BRA British Virgin Islands - VGB Brunei Darussalam - BRN Bulgaria - BGR Burkina Faso - BFA Burma - MMR Burundi - BDI Cambodia - KHM Cameroon - CMR Canada - CAN Cape Verde Islands - CPV Cayman Islands - CYM Central African Republic - CAF Chad - TCD Chile - CHL China - CHN Colombia - COL Comoros - COM Congo, Democratic Republic of the - COD Congo, Republic of the - COG Cook Islands - COK Costa Rica - CRI Cote d Ivoire (Ivory Coast) - CIV Croatia, Republic of - HRV Cyprus - CYP Czech Republic - CZE Denmark - DNK Djibouti - DJI Dominica - DMA Dominican Republic - DOM Ecuador - ECU Egypt - EGY El Salvador - SLV Equatorial Guinea - GNQ Eritrea - ERI Estonia - EST Ethiopia - ETH Falkland Islands (Islas Malvinas) - FLK Fiji - FJI Finland - FIN France - FRA French Guiana - GUF French Polynesia - PYF Gabon Republic - GAB Gambia - GMB Georgia - GEO Germany - DEU Ghana - GHA Gibraltar - GIB Greece - GRC Greenland - GRL Grenada - GRD Guadeloupe - GLP Guam - GUM Guatemala - GTM Guernsey - GGY Guinea - GIN Guinea-Bissau - GNB Guyana - GUY Haiti - HTI Honduras - HND Hong Kong - HKG Hungary - HUN Iceland - ISL India - IND Indonesia - IDN Ireland - IRL Israel - ISR Italy - ITA Jamaica - JAM Japan - JPN Jersey - JEY Jordan - JOR Kazakhstan - KAZ Kenya - KEN Kiribati - KIR Korea, South - KOR Kuwait - KWT Kyrgyzstan - KGZ Laos - LAO Latvia - LVA Lebanon - LBN Liechtenstein - LIE Lithuania - LTU Luxembourg - LUX Macau - MAC Macedonia - MKD Madagascar - MDG Malawi - MWI Malaysia - MYS Maldives - MDV Mali - MLI Malta - MLT Marshall Islands - MHL Martinique - MTQ Mauritania - MRT Mauritius - MUS Mayotte - MYT Mexico - MEX Micronesia - FSM Moldova - MDA Monaco - MCO Mongolia - MNG Montenegro - MNE Montserrat - MSR Morocco - MAR Mozambique - MOZ Namibia - NAM Nauru - NRU Nepal - NPL Netherlands - NLD Netherlands Antilles - ANT New Caledonia - NCL New Zealand - NZL Nicaragua - NIC Niger - NER Nigeria - NGA Niue - NIU Norway - NOR Oman - OMN Pakistan - PAK Palau - PLW Panama - PAN Papua New Guinea - PNG Paraguay - PRY Peru - PER Philippines - PHL Poland - POL Portugal - PRT Puerto Rico - PRI Qatar - QAT Reunion - REU Romania - ROU Russian Federation - RUS Rwanda - RWA Saint Helena - SHN Saint Kitts-Nevis - KNA Saint Lucia - LCA Saint Pierre and Miquelon - SPM Saint Vincent and the Grenadines - VCT San Marino - SMR Saudi Arabia - SAU Senegal - SEN Serbia - SRB Seychelles - SYC Sierra Leone - SLE Singapore - SGP Slovakia - SVK Slovenia - SVN Solomon Islands - SLB Somalia - SOM South Africa - ZAF Spain - ESP Sri Lanka - LKA Suriname - SUR Swaziland - SWZ Sweden - SWE Switzerland - CHE Taiwan - TWN Tajikistan - TJK Tanzania - TZA Thailand - THA Togo - TGO Tonga - TON Trinidad and Tobago - TTO Tunisia - TUN Turkey - TUR Turkmenistan - TKM Turks and Caicos Islands - TCA Tuvalu - TUV Uganda - UGA Ukraine - UKR United Arab Emirates - ARE United Kingdom - UK United States - USA Uruguay - URU Uzbekistan - UZB Vanuatu - VUT Vatican City State - VAT Venezuela - VEN Vietnam - VNM Virgin Islands (U.S) - VIR Wallis and Futuna - WLF Western Sahara - ESH Western Samoa - WSM Yemen - YEM Zambia - ZMB Zimbabwe - ZWE. BNIB ACER LIQUID JADE PRIMO 32GB DUAL-SIM BLACK FACTORY UNLOCKED 4G/LTE GSM. Soft Pudding TPU Gel Silicone Protector Cover cellphone Case skin For Acer. 2016 Shockproof Wallet Flip Leather Case For Acer Liquid Mobile phones. Luxury Leather Wallet Cover Skin Book Flip Stand Case For Acer Series Phones. For Acer Liquid Zest Plus Z628 Premium PU Leather Wallet Card Flip Case Cover. 2016 Shockproof Wallet Flip Leather Case For Acer Liquid Mobile phones. Luxury Magnet Crocodile PU Leather Stand Slot Wallet Flip Case Cover For Acer. For Acer Liquid Jade 2 Primo Luxury Clover Case Flip Cover Wallet Holster New. For Acer Liquid Jade 2 Jade Primo Christmas Soft TPU Case Cover 2018 New Year. For Acer Jade Primo New TPU Matte Gel skin soft Case cover. Don't Touch My Phone Have a nice day Wallet flip case cover for BQ Acer Phone. Cartoon 3D Minnie Mickey Flip Wallet Leather Case Cover For Acer Z6E X2 Z6 Z525. 2017 Luxury PU Leather Zipper Wallet Card Purse Case Cover For Acer Models. For Acer Liquid Jade 2 Primo Luxury Clover PU Leather Case Flip Cover Wallet. 6-Pack HD XtremeGuard HI-DEF Screen Protector Cover For Acer Liquid Jade Primo. White Bling Bowknot Crystal Diamond Wallet Flip Case For Samsung huawei Sony. 2017 Double Zip Wallet Bag ID Card PU Leather Case Cover For Acer Various Phones. Angry eyes Litchi Leather wallet flip stand pouch Cover Case For Acer /Amazon. Wind Chimes Quicksand Flip PU Leather Wallet Stand Cover Case For Acer Models. Handmade Magnetic Bling Luxury Diamonds Crystal Leather wallet flip Cover Case 2. Magnetic Bling Crystal Diamonds Pearls flower PU leather flip Slots Case cover C. Rose Gold Bling Bowknot Crystal Diamond Wallet Flip Case For Samsung huawei Sony. For Acer Liquid Jade 2 Jade Primo Christmas Soft TPU Case Cover 2018 New Year. For Acer Liquid Jade 2 Primo Retro Clover PU Leather Case Holster Flip Cover. #5 NEW Cartoon Flower Leather slots wallet pouch bag cover case with 2 straps D. Magnetic DIY Bling Luxury Diamonds Crystal PU Leather wallet flip Cover Case #Y. JL For HTC U11 Acer Z6E Meizu BQ Iphone Crocodile Wallet Card Leather Case Cover. Fashion Diamonds Crystal Handmade Rhinestone Jewelled Flower Phone Case Cover #1. Premium PU Leather Wallet Card Flip Case Cover For Acer Liquid Zest Plus Z628. PU Leather PULL Cord TAB Pouch Bag cellphone skin Cover Case For Acer. Flip Case PU Leather+Silico ne Cover Stand Back Card Slot For Acer Alcatel Asus. Bling Luxury love heart flowers Diamonds Crystal PU Leather flip Cover Case #K. Handmade Bling Crystal Diamond PU leather flip wallet Phone Cover Case &strap #p. New fashion Cartoon Flower Leather slots wallet pouch case skin cover #5 E. 3D Luxury Leather Flip Bling Diamond Wallet Case Girls' Phone Cover with strap #. New Quality Red Luxury Flip PU Leather Card Slot Case Stand Cover Fashion Wallet. Leather Flip Bling Rhinestone Diamond Wallet Case Girl Cover For Moto BB BQ Acer. Genuine XtremeGuard Screen Protector For Acer Liquid Jade Primo (Anti-Scratch). Bling Glitter Quicksand Hourglass Dynamic PU leather wallet Cover Case & strap A. Luxury PU Leather Flip Bling Diamond Wallet Case Girls' Phone Cover & strap #T19. Fashion Magnetic Flip Cover Stand Wallet Leather Case Skin For Acer Liquid Phone. For Acer Liquid Jade 2 Primo Vivid Leaf Straps Case Flip Cover Wallet Holster. Luxury Flip Stand PU Leather Cover Wallet Case for Acer Liquid Series Phones. Luxury Magnetic Flip Cover Stand Wallet Leather Case Skin For Acer Liquid Phones. Luxury Wallet Stand Cartoon Flip PU leather Case For Acer Zest plus/Jade Primo. New Luxury Flip Stand PU Leather Cover Wallet Case for Acer Liquid Series Phones. Card Holder Leather Flip Wallet Case Cover Stand Girl For Wiko Acer Blackberry. Premium PU Leather Wallet Card Flip For Acer Liquid Zest Plus Z628 Case Cover. Bling Crystal Sparkly Rhinestone wallet PU leather Cover case for Girls Women #Y. Young Lichi Luxury Wallet Card Leather Case For Asus ACER BQ Motorola Series KS. For Acer MeiZu Moto Phone Castro line High Wallet Card Leather Case Cover HD. Brown Luxury Flip PU Leather Card Slot Case Stand Cover Wallet For Hot Mobile. For Acer Liquid Jade 2 Jade Primo 5.5" Card Slot Wallet Stand Flip Cover Case. For Acer Liquid Jade 2 Jade Primo 5.5" Card Slot Wallet Stand Flip Cover Case. For Acer Liquid Jade 2 Primo Luxury Clover Case Flip Cover Wallet Holster New. eBay determines this price through a machine learned model of the product's sale prices within the last 90 days.. eBay determines trending price through a machine learned model of the product’s sale prices within the last 90 days. "New" refers to a brand-new, unused, unopened, undamaged item, and "Used" refers to an item that has been used previously.. Top Rated Plus Sellers with highest buyer ratings Returns, money back Ships in a business day with tracking Learn More. Top Rated Plus Sellers with highest buyer ratings Returns, money back Ships in a business day with tracking Learn More. Cell Phones, Smart Watches & Accessories. Cell Phone Cases, Covers & Skins. $ Enter minimum price to $ Enter maximum price. Please enter a minimum and/or maximum price before continuing.. Site Map Copyright © 1995-2018 eBay Inc. Accessibility , User Agreement , Privacy , Cookies and AdChoice Norton Secured - powered by Verisign. Number of bids and bid amounts may be slightly out of date. See each listing for international shipping options and costs.. 
Your request appears to be from an automated process. If this is incorrect, notify us by clicking here to be redirected.. 
more ... more .... more ... more .... Acer Liquid Jade Primo (with Windows 10) will be released in December. Acer Liquid Jade Primo (with Windows 10) will be released in December. posted by Florin T.. Tags :. Last month, Acer unveiled its first Windows 10 smartphones: the Liquid M330 , and the Liquid Jade Primo. While we already had information on the price and release date of the M330 (which is a low-end device ), Acer didn't say anything regarding the launch and price of the more advanced Jade Primo. The Liquid Jade Primo was just announced in the Philippines, where it's going to be available starting December. Acer will sell the handset unlocked for around $410 (18,990 PHP in local currency). Powered by a hexa-core Snapdragon 808 processor, the Jade Primo sports a 5.5-inch display with 1080 x 1920 pixels. Other features include an 8 MP front-facing camera, a 21 MP rear camera with dual LED flash, 3 GB of RAM, and 32 GB of storage space. At the moment, details regarding the battery of the new Acer handset are missing. Although in early September it was announced as the world's first smartphone to support Microsoft Continuum , the Acer Liquid Jade Prime won't be the first to hit the market with this feature on board. That's because Microsoft 's Lumia 950 and Lumia 950 XL will both be released sometime in November. We don't know if the Acer Liquid Jade Primo will be launched in North America and/or Europe, but we're going to let you know when we find out. Would you be interested in buying this Windows 10 device?. source: Semi Current via Nokia Power User. Galaxy S9 vs iPhone X hands-on: A battle royale. Samsung Galaxy S9 and S9+ hands-on: Worthy of celebrity hands. Sony presents Xperia XZ2 and XZ2 Compact: new design and Snapdragon 845. Galaxy S9+ vs Pixel 2 XL. Samsung Galaxy S9 & S9+ hands-on. The Galaxy S9 and S9+ are official!. (Posts: 2131; Member since: 11 Aug 2015). posted on 22 Oct 2015, 13:31. (Posts: 19; Member since: 21 Jul 2015). posted on 22 Oct 2015, 13:37. Where is the acer predator 6???. (Posts: 2315; Member since: 18 Apr 2011). posted on 22 Oct 2015, 13:39. Not bad , no word on SDcard??. (Posts: 17; Member since: 08 Jan 2013). posted on 22 Oct 2015, 15:09. gsmarena page says that it has microSD, up to 128 GB.. (Posts: 1310; Member since: 17 Nov 2011). posted on 22 Oct 2015, 16:07. (Posts: 1310; Member since: 17 Nov 2011). posted on 22 Oct 2015, 13:59. I'll take ANY high-end W10M phone with at least 32gb of storage that comes to T-Mobile please.. (Posts: 1; Member since: 22 Oct 2015). posted on 22 Oct 2015, 20:34. Sadly to my understand T-Mobile has no plans to offically support any Windows phones. but they will add any windows phones you have that is GSM compliant to your cell plan. (Posts: 5192; Member since: 28 Oct 2013). posted on 23 Oct 2015, 13:34. I would want it only for the payment plans. Other than that, they will accept any GSM phone.. (Posts: 515; Member since: 05 Jun 2015). posted on 22 Oct 2015, 15:37. I feel like this could be the future for me... I already primarily use my phone for everything. (Posts: 3609; Member since: 19 Jan 2011). posted on 22 Oct 2015, 18:33. Why not? Acer makes decent to good computers and tablets. I would at least kick the tires on this if it hit the States.. (Posts: 62; Member since: 09 May 2014). posted on 23 Oct 2015, 01:57. Will buy it, if it ships with Continuum dock, mouse and keyboard as rumored. Want to comment? Please login or register .. Acer Liquid Jade Primo (with Windows 10) will be released in December. Acer Liquid Jade Primo (with Windows 10) will be released in December. Gear S4 may come with a blood pressure monitor, Samsung patent reveals. Google Pay launches today, but its most important feature is not here yet. Galaxy S9 and S9+ previewed in glorious detail with full specs and release date. Galaxy S9 and S9+ price and release date on Verizon, AT&T, T-Mobile and Best Buy. The Samsung Galaxy S9 and S9+ have game-changing cameras with variable aperture and 960fps slow-mo video recording. The Big Barcelona Camera Comparison: iPhone X vs Pixel 2 XL vs Note 8. Samsung Galaxy S9 and S9+ rumor review: Specs, design, features, price and release date. Sony presents Xperia XZ2 and XZ2 Compact: new design and Snapdragon 845. Galaxy S9 Exynos edition gets benchmarked against rivals!. Galaxy S9 first camera comparison vs iPhone X, V30, S8. Samsung Galaxy S9 & S9+ hands-on. MWC 2018: top smartphones to expect. Best smartphone you can buy in 2018. Allo is a quality app, but Google isn't giving it a real chance. All content (phone reviews, news, specs, info), design and layouts are Copyright 2001-2018 phoneArena.com. Reproduction in whole or in part or in any form or medium without written permission is prohibited! Privacy. 
Our new search experience requires JavaScript to be enabled. Please enable JavaScript on your browser , then try again .. All Categories Antiques Art Baby Books Business & Industrial Cameras & Photo Cell Phones & Accessories Clothing, Shoes & Accessories Coins & Paper Money Collectibles Computers/Tablets & Networking Consumer Electronics Crafts Dolls & Bears DVDs & Movies eBay Motors Entertainment Memorabilia Gift Cards & Coupons Health & Beauty Home & Garden Jewelry & Watches Music Musical Instruments & Gear Pet Supplies Pottery & Glass Real Estate Specialty Services Sporting Goods Sports Mem, Cards & Fan Shop Stamps Tickets & Experiences Toys & Hobbies Travel Video Games & Consoles Everything Else. Hi ( Sign in to bid or buy) Daily Deals Gift Cards Help & Contact Sell. Summary Recently Viewed Bids/Offers Watch List Purchase History Selling Saved Searches Saved Sellers Messages. Refine your search for acer liquid jade primo. All Listings - Current page. results for acer liquid jade primo. Save acer liquid jade primo to get e-mail alerts and updates on your eBay Feed.. Unfollow acer liquid jade primo to stop getting updates on your eBay Feed.. You'll receive email and Feed alerts when new items arrive. Afghanistan - AFG Albania - ALB Algeria - DZA American Samoa - ASM Andorra - AND Angola - AGO Anguilla - AIA Antigua and Barbuda - ATG Argentina - ARG Armenia - ARM Aruba - ABW Australia - AUS Austria - AUT Azerbaijan Republic - AZE Bahamas - BHS Bahrain - BHR Bangladesh - BGD Barbados - BRB Belarus - BLR Belgium - BEL Belize - BLZ Benin - BEN Bermuda - BMU Bhutan - BTN Bolivia - BOL Bosnia and Herzegovina - BIH Botswana - BWA Brazil - BRA British Virgin Islands - VGB Brunei Darussalam - BRN Bulgaria - BGR Burkina Faso - BFA Burma - MMR Burundi - BDI Cambodia - KHM Cameroon - CMR Canada - CAN Cape Verde Islands - CPV Cayman Islands - CYM Central African Republic - CAF Chad - TCD Chile - CHL China - CHN Colombia - COL Comoros - COM Congo, Democratic Republic of the - COD Congo, Republic of the - COG Cook Islands - COK Costa Rica - CRI Cote d Ivoire (Ivory Coast) - CIV Croatia, Republic of - HRV Cyprus - CYP Czech Republic - CZE Denmark - DNK Djibouti - DJI Dominica - DMA Dominican Republic - DOM Ecuador - ECU Egypt - EGY El Salvador - SLV Equatorial Guinea - GNQ Eritrea - ERI Estonia - EST Ethiopia - ETH Falkland Islands (Islas Malvinas) - FLK Fiji - FJI Finland - FIN France - FRA French Guiana - GUF French Polynesia - PYF Gabon Republic - GAB Gambia - GMB Georgia - GEO Germany - DEU Ghana - GHA Gibraltar - GIB Greece - GRC Greenland - GRL Grenada - GRD Guadeloupe - GLP Guam - GUM Guatemala - GTM Guernsey - GGY Guinea - GIN Guinea-Bissau - GNB Guyana - GUY Haiti - HTI Honduras - HND Hong Kong - HKG Hungary - HUN Iceland - ISL India - IND Indonesia - IDN Ireland - IRL Israel - ISR Italy - ITA Jamaica - JAM Japan - JPN Jersey - JEY Jordan - JOR Kazakhstan - KAZ Kenya - KEN Kiribati - KIR Korea, South - KOR Kuwait - KWT Kyrgyzstan - KGZ Laos - LAO Latvia - LVA Lebanon - LBN Liechtenstein - LIE Lithuania - LTU Luxembourg - LUX Macau - MAC Macedonia - MKD Madagascar - MDG Malawi - MWI Malaysia - MYS Maldives - MDV Mali - MLI Malta - MLT Marshall Islands - MHL Martinique - MTQ Mauritania - MRT Mauritius - MUS Mayotte - MYT Mexico - MEX Micronesia - FSM Moldova - MDA Monaco - MCO Mongolia - MNG Montenegro - MNE Montserrat - MSR Morocco - MAR Mozambique - MOZ Namibia - NAM Nauru - NRU Nepal - NPL Netherlands - NLD Netherlands Antilles - ANT New Caledonia - NCL New Zealand - NZL Nicaragua - NIC Niger - NER Nigeria - NGA Niue - NIU Norway - NOR Oman - OMN Pakistan - PAK Palau - PLW Panama - PAN Papua New Guinea - PNG Paraguay - PRY Peru - PER Philippines - PHL Poland - POL Portugal - PRT Puerto Rico - PRI Qatar - QAT Reunion - REU Romania - ROU Russian Federation - RUS Rwanda - RWA Saint Helena - SHN Saint Kitts-Nevis - KNA Saint Lucia - LCA Saint Pierre and Miquelon - SPM Saint Vincent and the Grenadines - VCT San Marino - SMR Saudi Arabia - SAU Senegal - SEN Serbia - SRB Seychelles - SYC Sierra Leone - SLE Singapore - SGP Slovakia - SVK Slovenia - SVN Solomon Islands - SLB Somalia - SOM South Africa - ZAF Spain - ESP Sri Lanka - LKA Suriname - SUR Swaziland - SWZ Sweden - SWE Switzerland - CHE Taiwan - TWN Tajikistan - TJK Tanzania - TZA Thailand - THA Togo - TGO Tonga - TON Trinidad and Tobago - TTO Tunisia - TUN Turkey - TUR Turkmenistan - TKM Turks and Caicos Islands - TCA Tuvalu - TUV Uganda - UGA Ukraine - UKR United Arab Emirates - ARE United Kingdom - UK United States - USA Uruguay - URU Uzbekistan - UZB Vanuatu - VUT Vatican City State - VAT Venezuela - VEN Vietnam - VNM Virgin Islands (U.S) - VIR Wallis and Futuna - WLF Western Sahara - ESH Western Samoa - WSM Yemen - YEM Zambia - ZMB Zimbabwe - ZWE. Soft Pudding TPU Gel Silicone Protector Cover cellphone Case skin For Acer. BNIB ACER LIQUID JADE PRIMO 32GB DUAL-SIM BLACK FACTORY UNLOCKED 4G/LTE GSM. Acer 5.5" Qualcomm 2GHz 3GB Ram 32GB SSD Windows 10 Mobile|Liquid Jade Primo. Luxury Leather Wallet Cover Skin Book Flip Stand Case For Acer Series Phones. 2016 Shockproof Wallet Flip Leather Case For Acer Liquid Mobile phones. Don't Touch My Phone Have a nice day Wallet flip case cover for BQ Acer Phone. For Acer Liquid Zest Plus Z628 Premium PU Leather Wallet Card Flip Case Cover. For Acer Liquid Jade 2 Primo Luxury Clover Case Flip Cover Wallet Holster New. For Acer Liquid Jade 2 Jade Primo Christmas Soft TPU Case Cover 2018 New Year. JL For HTC U11 Acer Z6E Meizu BQ Iphone Crocodile Wallet Card Leather Case Cover. New Quality Red Luxury Flip PU Leather Card Slot Case Stand Cover Fashion Wallet. 2016 Shockproof Wallet Flip Leather Case For Acer Liquid Mobile phones. Handmade Bling Crystal Diamond PU leather flip wallet Phone Cover Case &strap #p. Magnetic Bling Crystal Diamonds Pearls flower PU leather flip Slots Case cover C. #5 NEW Cartoon Flower Leather slots wallet pouch bag cover case with 2 straps D. 3D Luxury Leather Flip Bling Diamond Wallet Case Girls' Phone Cover with strap #. Magnetic DIY Bling Luxury Diamonds Crystal PU Leather wallet flip Cover Case #Y. Luxury PU Leather Flip Bling Diamond Wallet Case Girls' Phone Cover & strap #T19. Handmade Magnetic Bling Luxury Diamonds Crystal Leather wallet flip Cover Case 2. Fashion Diamonds Crystal Handmade Rhinestone Jewelled Flower Phone Case Cover #1. For ACER Liquid phone Case Wallet Fashion Cute Design Pattern Cover. Flip Case PU Leather+Silico ne Cover Stand Back Card Slot For Acer Alcatel Asus. Krofel Holster Case Clip for Acer Liquid Jade Primo / Alcatel Fierce / 4 Allura. Fast Multi Port 5 USB Mains Charger For Acer Liquid Z630S Z4 Jade Primo S 40W 8A. Fashion Magnetic Flip Cover Stand Wallet Leather Case Skin For Acer Liquid Phone. Premium PU Leather Wallet Card Flip Case Cover For Acer Liquid Zest Plus Z628. New fashion Cartoon Flower Leather slots wallet pouch case skin cover #5 E. Bling Luxury love heart flowers Diamonds Crystal PU Leather flip Cover Case #K. For Acer Liquid Jade 2 Primo Vivid Leaf Straps Case Flip Cover Wallet Holster. Leather Flip Bling Rhinestone Diamond Wallet Case Girl Cover For Moto BB BQ Acer. For Acer MeiZu Moto Phone Castro line High Wallet Card Leather Case Cover HD. Bling Glitter Quicksand Hourglass Dynamic PU leather wallet Cover Case & strap A. Premium PU Leather Wallet Card Flip For Acer Liquid Zest Plus Z628 Case Cover. For Acer Liquid Series Phones Luxury Flip Stand PU Leather Cover Wallet Case. For Acer Liquid Jade 2 Jade Primo 5.5" Card Slot Wallet Stand Flip Cover Case. Luxury Magnetic Flip Cover Stand Wallet Leather Case Skin For Acer Liquid Phones. Luxury Flip Stand PU Leather Cover Wallet Case for Acer Liquid Series Phones. Wireless G13 Bluetooth Headset For Acer Liquid E600 E700 Jade Primo S Cell Phone. 2x USB Sync&Charger Cable Cord Wire for Acer Liquid Jade Primo. For Acer MeiZu Motorola Phone Crazy Horse High Wallet Card Leather Case Cover HD. For Acer MeiZu Motorola Phone Magic Girl High Wallet Card Leather Case Cover HD. New PU Luxury Flip Stand Leather Cover Wallet Case for Acer Liquid Series Phones. Universal Flower Pattern Case Cover Pouch for Smartphone Phablets XXFL-1. Young Lichi Luxury Wallet Card Leather Case For Asus ACER BQ Motorola Series KS. HD2 For Various Series Phone Emboss Metal Storm Leather Wallet Card Case Cover. Bling Crystal Sparkly Rhinestone wallet PU leather Cover case for Girls Women #Y. JL For Moto Asus Blu BQ Acer OnePlus phone Cloth Wallet Card Leather Case Cover. Premium Leather Wallet Card Slot Flip Case Cover For Acer Liquid Zest Plus Z628. New Luxury Flip Stand PU Leather Cover Wallet Case for Acer Liquid Series Phones. Black Flip PU Leather Card Slot Case Stand Cover Wallet For New Mobile Phone. Brown Luxury Flip PU Leather Card Slot Case Stand Cover Wallet For Hot Mobile. Premium Leather Wallet Card Slot Flip Case Cover For Acer Liquid Zest Plus Z628. For Moto Asus BQ Blackberry Phone Sheep lines Wallet Card Leather Case Cover KS. 2.1A Wall Home AC Charger with Extra USB Port for Acer Liquid Jade Primo. Car Charger+USB Cable Cord+Belt Case Holster w Clip for Acer Liquid Jade Primo. eBay determines this price through a machine learned model of the product's sale prices within the last 90 days.. eBay determines trending price through a machine learned model of the product’s sale prices within the last 90 days. "New" refers to a brand-new, unused, unopened, undamaged item, and "Used" refers to an item that has been used previously.. Top Rated Plus Sellers with highest buyer ratings Returns, money back Ships in a business day with tracking Learn More. Top Rated Plus Sellers with highest buyer ratings Returns, money back Ships in a business day with tracking Learn More. Cell Phones, Smart Watches & Accessories. Cell Phone Cases, Covers & Skins. $ Enter minimum price to $ Enter maximum price. Please enter a minimum and/or maximum price before continuing.. Site Map Copyright © 1995-2018 eBay Inc. Accessibility , User Agreement , Privacy , Cookies and AdChoice Norton Secured - powered by Verisign. Number of bids and bid amounts may be slightly out of date. See each listing for international shipping options and costs.. 
Reviews News Benchmarks / Tech Buyers Guide Library Search Jobs Contact .... Reviews , News , CPU , GPU , Articles , Columns , Other. Accessory , AMD , Android , Apple , ARM , Audio , Bay Trail , Bristol Ridge / Stoney Ridge , Broadwell , Business , Charts , Chinese Tech , Chromebook , Convertible / 2-in-1 , Cyberlaw , Deal , Desktop , Fail , Galaxy Note , Galaxy S , Gamecheck , Gaming , Geforce , Google Nexus / Pixel , How To , iPad Pro , iPhone , iPhone 7 , iPhone 8 , Kaby Lake , Linux / Unix , MacBook , Monitor , MSI , Notebook , OnePlus Two , Phablet , Rumor , Ryzen (Zen) , Security , Skylake , Smart Home , Smartphone , Smartwatch , Software , Storage , Surface Pro 4 , Tablet , Touchscreen , Ultrabook , Virtual Reality (VR) / Augmented Reality (AR) , Wearable , Windows , Workstation , XPS. Acer Liquid Jade Primo Smartphone Review. Andreas Osthoff ( translated by Liala Stieglitz), 09/11/2016. Smartphone Touchscreen Windows ARM. A "pocket" computer? Acer's Jade Primo is a premium-range smartphone based on Windows 10 Mobile that can also be used as a PC thanks to the Continuum function. That also makes it a direct opponent for Microsoft's top models. The handset's wireless connections are particularly convincing, but it could be a bit more enduring.. Â» Multimedia , Â» Gaming , Â» Lightweight Gaming Â» Budget Office , Â» Business , Â» Workstations Â» Subnotebooks , Â» Ultrabooks , Â» Convertibles. Top 10 under 300 Euros , Â». Best Notebooks for University Students Â». Top Windows alternatives to Apple's MacBook series Â». Â» Tablets , Â» Windows Tablets Â» Smartphones. For the original German review, see here .. Acer is primarily known for laptops and tablets in the electronics branch. Until now, smartphones were more limited to lower mid-range handsets. The Liquid Jade Primo definitely changes this now. Based on Windows 10 Mobile, the premium smartphone is to help Microsoft's ailing operating system a bit, and the Continuum function is to especially lure buyers. It enables using the smartphone as a PC and Acer accordingly includes the matching docking station right away.. The direct opponent is Microsoft's Lumia 950 lineup. Our review sample's size sooner corresponds to that of the Lumia 950 XL , but the components more to those of the Lumia 950. Therefore, we will list both versions for our comparisons. Naturally, the premium claim makes models with other operating systems alternatives. Among them, Samsung's Galaxy S7 , OnePlus' 3 , Huawei's P9 Plus , and HTC's 10. Apple's iPhone 6s Plus is considerably more expensive and thus not really a direct rival, but we will also list it in our charts just out of interest.. Qualcomm Snapdragon 808 MSM8992 Qualcomm Adreno 418. Test device courtesy of notebooksbilliger.de. (download rating image as PNG or SVG ). Liquid Jade Primo ( Liquid Series ). Qualcomm Snapdragon 808 MSM8992 1.8. 5.5 inch 16:9, 1920 x 1080 pixel 401 PPI, capacitive, AMOLED, glossy: yes. 1 USB 3.0 / 3.1 Gen1, Audio Connections: 3.5 mm audio, Card Reader: micro-SD max. 128 GB, Brightness Sensor, Sensors: motion, G sensor, gyroscope, Hall, e-compass, USB-OTG, SAR body: 1.1 W/kg, SAR head: 1.03 W/kg. 802.11 a/b/g/n/ac (a/b/g/n/ac), Bluetooth 4.1, GSM (850/900/1800/1900 MHz), UMTS (850/900/1900/2100 MHz), LTE Cat.6 (800/1800/2100/2600 MHz), Dual SIM, LTE, GPS. height x width x depth (in mm): 8.5 x 156.6 x 76.8 ( = 0.33 x 6.17 x 3.02 in). 2870 mAh Lithium-Polymer, Talk time 2G (according to manufacturer): 20. h, Standby 2G (according to manufacturer): 330. Primary Camera: 21 MPix (f/2.2, AF, dual-LED flash, 4K videos) Secondary Camera: 8 MPix (f/2.2 with 84 Â° wide angle, fix focus, 1080p videos). Speakers: mono, Keyboard: virtual, docking station, power supply, USB cable, headset, service booklets, Office 365, Outlook, Windows Phone App, One Drive, Cortana, Microsoft Maps, Skype, 24 Months Warranty, fanless. 150 g ( = 5.29 oz / 0.33 pounds), Power Supply: 101 g ( = 3.56 oz / 0.22 pounds). Our first impression of Acer's Liquid Jade Primo is solid. It is not surprising that a smartphone with a 5.5-inch screen is not very compact. Nevertheless, the review sample is one of the biggest models within our comparison group. Only the iPhone 6s Plus by Apple is even bigger. A reason for the dimensions is also both very thick edges above and below the display. That makes using it with only one hand quite a challenge. The one-hand mode that can be enabled by holding the start button is helpful here. The rear-facing camera lens juts out marginally, and the handset rocks quite readily when placed on a table.. The casing's quality cannot meet its premium claim. Our review sample's build is not flawless since the SIM cover has a lot of play and consequently almost always produces noises when touched. The rear is rounded toward the sides and has a lightly textured surface, but it is very obviously made of plastic. The rear cannot be removed, but pressure and/or twisting attempts lead to very audible cracking noises. The smartphone is presently only available in black, but a chrome-colored strip on the front adds a pleasant contrast. In total, we would have hoped for more in terms of quality and the rivals have an advantage here.. Are you a loyal reader of notebookcheck? Are you a techie who knows how to write? Then join our Team!. Despite the high price, we have to criticize the connectivity. Acer treats its Jade Primo to a Snapdragon SoC by Qualcomm, 3 GB of working memory, and 32 GB of internal storage which is reduced to almost 26 GB after initial use. The storage can be expanded via a micro-SD card (128 GB maximum). Unfortunately, the micro-SD card can only be used in conjunction with a (nano) SIM card. The storage expansion option cannot be used when two SIM cards are needed. Even some mid-range handsets solve this better.. Acer installs a USB 3.0 port (gen. 1) that also supports connecting peripherals via USB-OTG on the lower edge. It also makes video output possible, which is especially interesting in connection with the docking station and Continuum function. We will take a closer look at this later. The smartphone regrettably does not offer NFC, Wi-Fi Direct, a fingerprint scanner or FM radio. The Jade Primo is powered by Windows 10 Mobile operating system, making Acer's smartphone a member of a small circle of handsets. Only Microsoft's Lumia smartphones primarily use the mobile version of the well-known operating system. Acer does not preload superfluous adware apps, and Windows already comes with many important apps for common tasks, such as Office (license needed). We previously closely examined Windows Mobile and the Continuum (using the smartphone as a PC) function in the reviews of the Lumia 950 and Lumia 950 XL smartphones. Since there have not been any significant updates to date, we would refer to both tests for more information. In short: The smartphone-PC could throughout satisfy users who do not have to do any demanding work and primarily use their PC for writing emails or browsing on the Internet.. Using Windows 10 Mobile is intuitive overall, and it is a good alternative for newcomers. However, the biggest problem is the limited app offerings. Especially users switching from Android or iOS should inform themselves about app availability beforehand. Unfortunately, unlocking the review sample via Windows Hello is not supported. The lower part of some apps are covered due to the virtual controls and it could thus happen that check boxes are barely visible (e.g. Then, the controls have to be faded out by swiping upward.. Reviews , News , CPU , GPU , Articles , Columns , Other. Accessory , AMD , Android , Apple , ARM , Audio , Bay Trail , Bristol Ridge / Stoney Ridge , Broadwell , Business , Charts , Chinese Tech , Chromebook , Convertible / 2-in-1 , Cyberlaw , Deal , Desktop , Fail , Galaxy Note , Galaxy S , Gamecheck , Gaming , Geforce , Google Nexus / Pixel , How To , iPad Pro , iPhone , iPhone 7 , iPhone 8 , Kaby Lake , Linux / Unix , MacBook , Monitor , MSI , Notebook , OnePlus Two , Phablet , Rumor , Ryzen (Zen) , Security , Skylake , Smart Home , Smartphone , Smartwatch , Software , Storage , Surface Pro 4 , Tablet , Touchscreen , Ultrabook , Virtual Reality (VR) / Augmented Reality (AR) , Wearable , Windows , Workstation , XPS. Both nano-SIM slots support LTE connections (Cat.6) with download rates of up to 300 Mbit/s (upload max. However, Acer is a bit stingy with the supported frequencies (see tech specs at the beginning of the test). All networks important for Germany are supported, but the handset is not a globetrotter. The reception in the German urban Telekom network was inconspicuous.. The smartphone's Wi-Fi performance is a highlight as it supports all up-to-date standards to 802.11ac in the 2.4 and 5 GHz networks. The measured transfer rates in our standardized test (router: Linksys EA8500; ~1 meter distance) of 551 Mbit/s in receive and 451 Mbit/s in send are outstanding and can easily compete with high-quality laptops. We did not encounter connection issues, either.. Networking iperf Server (receive) TCP 1 m Acer Liquid Jade Primo 802.11 a/b/g/n/ac. iperf Client (transmit) TCP 1 m Acer Liquid Jade Primo 802.11 a/b/g/n/ac. 336 MBit/s ∼61% -39%. 303 MBit/s ∼55% -45%. 286 MBit/s ∼52% -48%. 256 MBit/s ∼57% -43%. 250 MBit/s ∼55% -45%. 151 MBit/s ∼33% -67%. The GPS satellite network is used for localization, and it is also very fast subjectively. Unfortunately, Windows 10 Mobile does not offer any apps for testing the performance, and thus we focus on the outcomes of our bike ride. When looking at the screenshots, the very precise routing is noticed which even cuts Garmin's Edge 500 professional navigation system down to size. The total route is consequently also a bit longer. Acer's is thus perfectly suitable for navigating by car or by bike. In line with this, it is possible to download offline maps in the maps app (worldwide).. Reviews , News , CPU , GPU , Articles , Columns , Other. Accessory , AMD , Android , Apple , ARM , Audio , Bay Trail , Bristol Ridge / Stoney Ridge , Broadwell , Business , Charts , Chinese Tech , Chromebook , Convertible / 2-in-1 , Cyberlaw , Deal , Desktop , Fail , Galaxy Note , Galaxy S , Gamecheck , Gaming , Geforce , Google Nexus / Pixel , How To , iPad Pro , iPhone , iPhone 7 , iPhone 8 , Kaby Lake , Linux / Unix , MacBook , Monitor , MSI , Notebook , OnePlus Two , Phablet , Rumor , Ryzen (Zen) , Security , Skylake , Smart Home , Smartphone , Smartwatch , Software , Storage , Surface Pro 4 , Tablet , Touchscreen , Ultrabook , Virtual Reality (VR) / Augmented Reality (AR) , Wearable , Windows , Workstation , XPS. The phone app features different tabs for log, favorites, and keypad. Further elements, such as voicemail or contacts, are accessible depending on which tab is open. That might need some getting used to but then functions quite well. A favored SIM card can be selected in the settings, and the preferred network (2G, 3G, 4G) can also be marked per SIM. Acer's smartphone was inconspicuous when making calls, and there were no intelligibility issues. This is also true for the hands-free mode as long as the rear-sided speaker is not covered. A headset is also included, and its quality is satisfactory.. On paper, Acer's Liquid Jade Primo sports good cameras. 21 MP on the rear and 8 MP on the front sound decent at first, but there are restrictions. Foremost to mention here is the camera app. Although some parameters can be set manually (ISO, white balance, etc.), various photo modes are completely absent. The settings for both photos and videos are also only basic.. The 8-megapixel front-facing camera and its 84-degree wide angle lens do a good job primarily in sufficient light. Thanks to the wide angle, it is easily possible to shoot groufies. However, the outcomes are visibly worse in darker surroundings, and strong noise has to be accepted. The front camera does not have a flash.. The rear-facing camera shoots decent photos in daylight, but the photos are not quite as sharp when compared directly with the opponents - despite the high resolution. This is, however, first very visible when zoomed. The camera is definitely suitable for snapshots. The low-light performance disappointed us as it presented extreme image noise and not many details (e.g. traffic sign in scene 3) remain.. Videos can be recorded in HD, Full HD or 4K, but all three resolutions are limited to 30 FPS. The sensor does not cope well with fast movements, and the outcome is visibly darker primarily in 4K videos.. Scene 1 Scene 2 Scene 3. Choose a scene and navigate within the first image. One click changes the position on touchscreens. One click on the zoomed-in image opens the original in a new window. The first image shows the scaled photograph of the test device.. ColorChecker PassPort: Factual colors are displayed in the lower half of each patch.. We photograph ColorChecker Passport and the test chart as full-frame as possible in defined test conditions for a better evaluation of the colors and image sharpness. The results are not edited afterwards. Some colors are a bit too saturated, but that does not hurt the photos. The camera benefits from the high resolutions in the test chart, and the outcome is very sharp especially in the image center. The image fades a bit toward the edges, though.. The accessories included for the Liquid Jade Primo are very extensive. In addition to the usual items, such as the (10-watt) power supply, USB cable, headset, and service leaflets, buyers also find the docking station. It can be used for recharging the smartphone as well as connecting other peripherals (mouse + keyboard) and a monitor. A total of three USB ports (2x USB 2.0 + 1x USB 3.0) and an HDMI port are present for this. The docking station has a dedicated power supply. Acer optionally offers a matching flip cover (EAN: 4713392463433) for around 25 Euros (~$28).. The smartphone comes with a 24-month warranty period; the accessories are only covered for one year. Furthermore, the two-year warranty applies in Germany.. The capacitive touchscreen detects up to 10 fingers and also still responds reliably in the lateral areas. Acer applies Corning's Gorilla Glass 3 for protecting the screen. The gliding properties are very good, and the subjective work speed is also very good; stutters are virtually absent while navigating. The preloaded keyboard supports all common functions including word suggestion or swipe inputs. A small, blue cursor additionally allows navigating accurately in texts. The keys are pleasantly sized, but a lot of room is wasted in landscape mode and not much of the actual content is left. Both physical keys on the right have been integrated impeccably and offer rich pressure points.. Asus installs a 5.5-inch AMOLED screen with a resolution of 1920x1080 pixels into the Liquid Jade Primo. The resulting pixel density of 401 PPI leads to sharp texts and images. The AMOLED makes a good impression subjectively, and it convinces with vivid colors.. Our measured rates are just as impressive. We determined a maximum brightness of 379 cd/mÂ² on a pure white screen, and even 379 cd/mÂ² when bright and dark content was distributed evenly over the screen (APL50). These are very good results especially for an AMOLED. Since dark image content is not illuminated, the black level is 0 cd/mÂ², which leads to a very high contrast ratio. The sensor does not increase the brightness when enabled. We only discovered PWM flickering at very low brightness levels.. Screen Flickering / PWM (Pulse-Width Modulation) Screen flickering / PWM detected 238.1 Hz. To dim the screen, some notebooks will simply cycle the backlight on and off in rapid succession - a method called Pulse Width Modulation (PWM). This cycling frequency should ideally be undetectable to the human eye. If said frequency is too low, users with sensitive eyes may experience strain or headaches or even notice the flickering altogether.. The display backlight flickers at 238.1. Hz is relatively low, so sensitive users will likely notice flickering and experience eyestrain at the stated brightness setting and below.. % of all tested devices do not use PWM to dim the display. If PWM was detected, an average of 9024 (minimum: 43 - maximum: 142900) Hz was measured.. 377 cd/m² 355 cd/m² 332 cd/m² 376 cd/m² 355 cd/m² 338 cd/m² 379 cd/m² 356 cd/m² 340 cd/m². 88 % Center on Battery: 355. cd/m²) ΔE Color 2.9 | 0.8-23.34 Ø6.4 ΔE Greyscale 1.2 | 0.64-98 Ø6.7 Gamma: 2.26. Acer Liquid Jade Primo AMOLED, 1920x1080, 5.5 Microsoft Lumia 950 AMOLED, 2560x1440, 5.2 Microsoft Lumia 950 XL AMOLED, 2560x1440, 5.7 Samsung Galaxy S7 SAMOLED, 2560x1440, 5.1 OnePlus 3 Optic-AMOLED, 1920x1080, 5.5 Huawei P9 Plus AMOLED, 1920x1080, 5.5 HTC 10 Super LCD 5, 2560x1440, 5.2 Apple iPhone 6S Plus IPS, 1920x1080, 5.5 Screen Brightness middle Brightness Brightness Distribution Black Level * Colorchecker DeltaE2000 * Greyscale DeltaE2000 * Gamma CCT Color Space (Percent of AdobeRGB 1998) Color Space (Percent of sRGB) Contrast. CalMAN Grayscale (target color space: sRGB). CalMAN Saturation Sweeps (target color space: sRGB). CalMAN Colorspace (target color space: AdobeRGB). CalMAN ColorChecker (target color space: AdobeRGB). Unlike many smartphones based on AMOLED, Acer's Liquid Jade Primo does not offer profiles for adapting the color reproduction. Therefore, the user will have to live with the AMOLED panel's very saturated colors. The other measurements presented very low average DeltaE 2000 shifts in the grayscales (1.2) and colors (2.9) already in delivery state. Only single color tones (red & green) display very high shifts.. Response Time Black to White 12 ms ... rise â and fall â combined ↗ 6 ms rise ↘ 6 ms fall The screen shows good response rates in our tests, but may be too slow for competitive gamers. In comparison, all tested devices range from 0.8 (minimum) to 240 (maximum) ms. % of all devices are better. This means that the measured response time is better than the average of all tested devices (26.5 ms). Response Time 50% Grey to 80% Grey 30 ms ... rise â and fall â combined ↗ 12 ms rise ↘ 18 ms fall The screen shows slow response rates in our tests and will be unsatisfactory for gamers. In comparison, all tested devices range from 0.9 (minimum) to 636 (maximum) ms. % of all devices are better. This means that the measured response time is better than the average of all tested devices (42.3 ms).. Display response times show how fast the screen is able to change from one color to the next. Slow response times can lead to afterimages and can cause moving objects to appear blurry (ghosting). Gamers of fast-paced 3D titles should pay special attention to fast response times.. Thanks to the decent brightness and high contrast, outdoor use is no problem even in bright environments. As usual for all devices with a glossy screen, reflections should be avoided. The viewing-angle stability is very good. However, a greenish-blue shimmer becomes visible starting at approximately 45 degrees as typical for AMOLED. This does not affect the content legibility.. Qualcomm Snapdragon 808 is an SoC with 6 CPU cores (2x Cortex A57, 4x Cortex A53) and the Adreno 418 graphics unit. The chip has been on the market for some time and is a slightly slimmer version of the popular Snapdragon 810 ; thus it marks the entry into the high-end sector. Deviating from the maximum reference design of 2 GHz, the Snapdragon 808 in our review sample clocks at only 1.8 GHz. This difference is, however, sooner noticed in the benchmarks and not in practice. The working memory capacity of 3 GB is sufficient.. Unfortunately, the benchmark situation has not changed much since our last tests of Windows-based smartphones, and it is still difficult to make a cross-platform performance comparison. The review sample's performance is absolutely sufficient for practice at least subjectively.. A beta version of AnTuTu v6 for Windows 10 Mobile is now available. However, the score is very low compared with the Android rivals. The comparison with both Microsoft smartphones is much more interesting since the Lumia 950 based on identical hardware is defeated marginally. The larger Lumia 950 XL with a stronger Snapdragon 810 is once more faster.. This outcome also applies to the browser tests that we performed using the preloaded Microsoft Edge. Subjectively, we did not encounter problems while browsing on the Internet and everything ran smoothly even on long websites.. AnTuTu v6 - Total Score OnePlus 3 Qualcomm Snapdragon 820 MSM8996, Adreno 530, 6144. Apple iPhone 6S Plus Apple A9, A9 / PowerVR GT7600, 2048. HTC 10 Qualcomm Snapdragon 820 MSM8996, Adreno 530, 4096. Samsung Galaxy S7 Samsung Exynos 8890 Octa, Mali-T880 MP12, 4096. Huawei P9 Plus HiSilicon Kirin 955, Mali-T880 MP4, 4096. Microsoft Lumia 950 XL Qualcomm Snapdragon 810 MSM8994, Adreno 430, 3072. Acer Liquid Jade Primo Qualcomm Snapdragon 808 MSM8992, Adreno 418, 3072. GFXBench (DX / GLBenchmark) 2.7 1920x1080 T-Rex HD Offscreen C24Z16 OnePlus 3 Qualcomm Snapdragon 820 MSM8996, Adreno 530, 6144. Samsung Galaxy S7 Samsung Exynos 8890 Octa, Mali-T880 MP12, 4096. Apple iPhone 6S Plus Apple A9, A9 / PowerVR GT7600, 2048. HTC 10 Qualcomm Snapdragon 820 MSM8996, Adreno 530, 4096. Huawei P9 Plus HiSilicon Kirin 955, Mali-T880 MP4, 4096. Microsoft Lumia 950 XL Qualcomm Snapdragon 810 MSM8994, Adreno 430, 3072. Acer Liquid Jade Primo Qualcomm Snapdragon 808 MSM8992, Adreno 418, 3072. Microsoft Lumia 950 Qualcomm Snapdragon 808 MSM8992, Adreno 418, 3072. T-Rex HD Onscreen C24Z16 OnePlus 3 Qualcomm Snapdragon 820 MSM8996, Adreno 530, 6144. Apple iPhone 6S Plus Apple A9, A9 / PowerVR GT7600, 2048. Samsung Galaxy S7 Samsung Exynos 8890 Octa, Mali-T880 MP12, 4096. Huawei P9 Plus HiSilicon Kirin 955, Mali-T880 MP4, 4096. HTC 10 Qualcomm Snapdragon 820 MSM8996, Adreno 530, 4096. Acer Liquid Jade Primo Qualcomm Snapdragon 808 MSM8992, Adreno 418, 3072. Microsoft Lumia 950 XL Qualcomm Snapdragon 810 MSM8994, Adreno 430, 3072. Microsoft Lumia 950 Qualcomm Snapdragon 808 MSM8992, Adreno 418, 3072. GFXBench 3.0 off screen Manhattan Offscreen OGL OnePlus 3 Qualcomm Snapdragon 820 MSM8996, Adreno 530, 6144. Samsung Galaxy S7 Samsung Exynos 8890 Octa, Mali-T880 MP12, 4096. HTC 10 Qualcomm Snapdragon 820 MSM8996, Adreno 530, 4096. Apple iPhone 6S Plus Apple A9, A9 / PowerVR GT7600, 2048. Huawei P9 Plus HiSilicon Kirin 955, Mali-T880 MP4, 4096. Microsoft Lumia 950 XL Qualcomm Snapdragon 810 MSM8994, Adreno 430, 3072. Acer Liquid Jade Primo Qualcomm Snapdragon 808 MSM8992, Adreno 418, 3072. Microsoft Lumia 950 Qualcomm Snapdragon 808 MSM8992, Adreno 418, 3072. on screen Manhattan Onscreen OGL OnePlus 3 Qualcomm Snapdragon 820 MSM8996, Adreno 530, 6144. Apple iPhone 6S Plus Apple A9, A9 / PowerVR GT7600, 2048. Samsung Galaxy S7 Samsung Exynos 8890 Octa, Mali-T880 MP12, 4096. HTC 10 Qualcomm Snapdragon 820 MSM8996, Adreno 530, 4096. Huawei P9 Plus HiSilicon Kirin 955, Mali-T880 MP4, 4096. Microsoft Lumia 950 XL Qualcomm Snapdragon 810 MSM8994, Adreno 430, 3072. Acer Liquid Jade Primo Qualcomm Snapdragon 808 MSM8992, Adreno 418, 3072. Microsoft Lumia 950 Qualcomm Snapdragon 808 MSM8992, Adreno 418, 3072. BaseMark OS II Web Apple iPhone 6S Plus Apple A9, A9 / PowerVR GT7600, 2048. OnePlus 3 Qualcomm Snapdragon 820 MSM8996, Adreno 530, 6144. Huawei P9 Plus HiSilicon Kirin 955, Mali-T880 MP4, 4096. Samsung Galaxy S7 Samsung Exynos 8890 Octa, Mali-T880 MP12, 4096. HTC 10 Qualcomm Snapdragon 820 MSM8996, Adreno 530, 4096. Microsoft Lumia 950 XL Qualcomm Snapdragon 810 MSM8994, Adreno 430, 3072. Acer Liquid Jade Primo Qualcomm Snapdragon 808 MSM8992, Adreno 418, 3072. Microsoft Lumia 950 Qualcomm Snapdragon 808 MSM8992, Adreno 418, 3072. Graphics HTC 10 Qualcomm Snapdragon 820 MSM8996, Adreno 530, 4096. OnePlus 3 Qualcomm Snapdragon 820 MSM8996, Adreno 530, 6144. Apple iPhone 6S Plus Apple A9, A9 / PowerVR GT7600, 2048. Microsoft Lumia 950 XL Qualcomm Snapdragon 810 MSM8994, Adreno 430, 3072. Samsung Galaxy S7 Samsung Exynos 8890 Octa, Mali-T880 MP12, 4096. Huawei P9 Plus HiSilicon Kirin 955, Mali-T880 MP4, 4096. Microsoft Lumia 950 Qualcomm Snapdragon 808 MSM8992, Adreno 418, 3072. Acer Liquid Jade Primo Qualcomm Snapdragon 808 MSM8992, Adreno 418, 3072. Memory Huawei P9 Plus HiSilicon Kirin 955, Mali-T880 MP4, 4096. Samsung Galaxy S7 Samsung Exynos 8890 Octa, Mali-T880 MP12, 4096. OnePlus 3 Qualcomm Snapdragon 820 MSM8996, Adreno 530, 6144. Microsoft Lumia 950 XL Qualcomm Snapdragon 810 MSM8994, Adreno 430, 3072. HTC 10 Qualcomm Snapdragon 820 MSM8996, Adreno 530, 4096. Acer Liquid Jade Primo Qualcomm Snapdragon 808 MSM8992, Adreno 418, 3072. Microsoft Lumia 950 Qualcomm Snapdragon 808 MSM8992, Adreno 418, 3072. Apple iPhone 6S Plus Apple A9, A9 / PowerVR GT7600, 2048. System Samsung Galaxy S7 Samsung Exynos 8890 Octa, Mali-T880 MP12, 4096. Huawei P9 Plus HiSilicon Kirin 955, Mali-T880 MP4, 4096. Apple iPhone 6S Plus Apple A9, A9 / PowerVR GT7600, 2048. OnePlus 3 Qualcomm Snapdragon 820 MSM8996, Adreno 530, 6144. HTC 10 Qualcomm Snapdragon 820 MSM8996, Adreno 530, 4096. Microsoft Lumia 950 XL Qualcomm Snapdragon 810 MSM8994, Adreno 430, 3072. Acer Liquid Jade Primo Qualcomm Snapdragon 808 MSM8992, Adreno 418, 3072. Microsoft Lumia 950 Qualcomm Snapdragon 808 MSM8992, Adreno 418, 3072. Overall OnePlus 3 Qualcomm Snapdragon 820 MSM8996, Adreno 530, 6144. Apple iPhone 6S Plus Apple A9, A9 / PowerVR GT7600, 2048. HTC 10 Qualcomm Snapdragon 820 MSM8996, Adreno 530, 4096. Huawei P9 Plus HiSilicon Kirin 955, Mali-T880 MP4, 4096. Samsung Galaxy S7 Samsung Exynos 8890 Octa, Mali-T880 MP12, 4096. Microsoft Lumia 950 XL Qualcomm Snapdragon 810 MSM8994, Adreno 430, 3072. Acer Liquid Jade Primo Qualcomm Snapdragon 808 MSM8992, Adreno 418, 3072. Microsoft Lumia 950 Qualcomm Snapdragon 808 MSM8992, Adreno 418, 3072. Basemark X 1.1 - Medium Quality Samsung Galaxy S7 Samsung Exynos 8890 Octa, Mali-T880 MP12, 4096. Microsoft Lumia 950 XL Qualcomm Snapdragon 810 MSM8994, Adreno 430, 3072. Acer Liquid Jade Primo Qualcomm Snapdragon 808 MSM8992, Adreno 418, 3072. Microsoft Lumia 950 Qualcomm Snapdragon 808 MSM8992, Adreno 418, 3072. OnePlus 3 Qualcomm Snapdragon 820 MSM8996, Adreno 530, 6144. Octane V2 - Total Score Apple iPhone 6S Plus Apple A9, A9 / PowerVR GT7600, 2048. Samsung Galaxy S7 Samsung Exynos 8890 Octa, Mali-T880 MP12, 4096. Huawei P9 Plus HiSilicon Kirin 955, Mali-T880 MP4, 4096. OnePlus 3 Qualcomm Snapdragon 820 MSM8996, Adreno 530, 6144. HTC 10 Qualcomm Snapdragon 820 MSM8996, Adreno 530, 4096. Microsoft Lumia 950 XL Qualcomm Snapdragon 810 MSM8994, Adreno 430, 3072. Acer Liquid Jade Primo Qualcomm Snapdragon 808 MSM8992, Adreno 418, 3072. Microsoft Lumia 950 Qualcomm Snapdragon 808 MSM8992, Adreno 418, 3072. Mozilla Kraken 1.1 - Total Score Microsoft Lumia 950 Qualcomm Snapdragon 808 MSM8992, Adreno 418, 3072. Acer Liquid Jade Primo Qualcomm Snapdragon 808 MSM8992, Adreno 418, 3072. Microsoft Lumia 950 XL Qualcomm Snapdragon 810 MSM8994, Adreno 430, 3072. HTC 10 Qualcomm Snapdragon 820 MSM8996, Adreno 530, 4096. OnePlus 3 Qualcomm Snapdragon 820 MSM8996, Adreno 530, 6144. Huawei P9 Plus HiSilicon Kirin 955, Mali-T880 MP4, 4096. Samsung Galaxy S7 Samsung Exynos 8890 Octa, Mali-T880 MP12, 4096. Apple iPhone 6S Plus Apple A9, A9 / PowerVR GT7600, 2048. JetStream 1.1 - 1.1 Total Score Apple iPhone 6S Plus Apple A9, A9 / PowerVR GT7600, 2048. Samsung Galaxy S7 Samsung Exynos 8890 Octa, Mali-T880 MP12, 4096. Huawei P9 Plus HiSilicon Kirin 955, Mali-T880 MP4, 4096. OnePlus 3 Qualcomm Snapdragon 820 MSM8996, Adreno 530, 6144. HTC 10 Qualcomm Snapdragon 820 MSM8996, Adreno 530, 4096. Microsoft Lumia 950 XL Qualcomm Snapdragon 810 MSM8994, Adreno 430, 3072. Acer Liquid Jade Primo Qualcomm Snapdragon 808 MSM8992, Adreno 418, 3072. Microsoft Lumia 950 Qualcomm Snapdragon 808 MSM8992, Adreno 418, 3072. AnTuTu v6 | GFXBench (DX / GLBenchmark) 2.7 | GFXBench 3.0 | BaseMark OS II | Basemark X 1.1 | Octane V2 | Mozilla Kraken 1.1 | JetStream 1.1. 142090 Points ∼100% +89%. 133626 Points ∼94% +78%. 131866 Points ∼93% +75%. 127902 Points ∼90% +70%. 98413 Points ∼69% +31%. 94122 Points ∼66% +25%. 89 fps ∼100% +303%. 84 fps ∼94% +280%. 78.9 fps ∼89% +257%. 73 fps ∼82% +230%. 41 fps ∼46% +86%. 27.11 fps ∼30% +23%. 21.82 fps ∼25% -1%. 60 fps ∼100% +194%. 59 fps ∼98% +189%. 53 fps ∼88% +160%. 43 fps ∼72% +111%. 43 fps ∼72% +111%. 18.75 fps ∼31% -8%. 13.73 fps ∼23% -33%. 47 fps ∼100% +281%. 40 fps ∼85% +224%. 39 fps ∼83% +216%. 38.4 fps ∼82% +211%. 18 fps ∼38% +46%. 17.54 fps ∼37% +42%. 12.3 fps ∼26% 0%. 46 fps ∼100% +330%. 38.4 fps ∼83% +259%. 27 fps ∼59% +152%. 24 fps ∼52% +124%. 19 fps ∼41% +78%. 11.81 fps ∼26% +10%. 6.76 fps ∼15% -37%. 1199 Points ∼100% +46%. 1112 Points ∼93% +36%. 1049 Points ∼87% +28%. 957 Points ∼80% +17%. 928 Points ∼77% +13%. 837 Points ∼70% +2%. 655 Points ∼55% -20%. 5009 Points ∼100% +251%. 4813 Points ∼96% +237%. 4299 Points ∼86% +201%. 2040 Points ∼41% +43%. 1723 Points ∼34% +21%. 1512 Points ∼30% +6%. 1437 Points ∼29% +1%. 2667 Points ∼100% +59%. 2244 Points ∼84% +34%. 2052 Points ∼77% +22%. 1945 Points ∼73% +16%. 1772 Points ∼66% +6%. 1640 Points ∼61% -2%. 1124 Points ∼42% -33%. 4217 Points ∼100% +224%. 3932 Points ∼93% +202%. 3925 Points ∼93% +202%. 3537 Points ∼84% +172%. 2806 Points ∼67% +116%. 1386 Points ∼33% +7%. 1096 Points ∼26% -16%. 2496 Points ∼100% +97%. 2206 Points ∼88% +75%. 2193 Points ∼88% +73%. 2019 Points ∼81% +60%. 1987 Points ∼80% +57%. 1465 Points ∼59% +16%. 1140 Points ∼46% -10%. 40252 Points ∼100% +53%. 33082 Points ∼82% +26%. 26223 Points ∼65% 0%. Points ∼0% -100%. 15967 Points ∼100% +124%. 13161 Points ∼82% +84%. 12058 Points ∼76% +69%. 9155 Points ∼57% +28%. 8905 Points ∼56% +25%. 8059 Points ∼50% +13%. 6990 Points ∼44% -2%. 6913.5 ms * ∼100% -8%. 6376.2 ms * ∼92%. 5552.9 ms * ∼80% +13%. 3146.3 ms * ∼46% +51%. 2920.7 ms * ∼42% +54%. 2792.3 ms * ∼40% +56%. 2561.5 ms * ∼37% +60%. 1743 ms * ∼25% +73%. 118.7 Points ∼100% +197%. 74 Points ∼62% +85%. 70 Points ∼59% +75%. 54.4 Points ∼46% +36%. 52.1 Points ∼44% +30%. 46 Points ∼39% +15%. 24.525 Points ∼21% -39%. Even demanding titles like the racing game Asphalt 8: Airborne are no problem thanks to the good performance, and they can also be played in high details. The sensors in our review sample functioned reliably; only the position sensor sometimes needed a moment before the image rotated. The rear-sided speaker could quickly be covered when gaming in portrait mode.. Stable performance in GFXBench battery test (green curve above). Acer's Liquid Jade Primo struggles with high surface temperatures despite its very large casing. The handset heats up palpably during relatively undemanding tasks (36-37 Â°C on average), but the temperatures are at least distributed very evenly. That first looks different during load since it is primarily the upper and middle areas that get warm here. We measured a maximum of almost 52 Â°C - this is no longer pleasant. The advantage of these temperatures is the stable performance. According to the GFXBench battery test, the SoC's performance does not fluctuate even after about half an hour.. 50.5 °C 50.8 °C 46.5 °C. 51.7 °C 51.1 °C 48.4 °C. 49.6 °C 50.1 °C 48.3 °C. Maximum: 51.7 °C Average: 49.7 °C. 43.5 °C 46.4 °C 51.1 °C 44.3 °C 48.8 °C 52.5 °C 44.4 °C 48.4 °C 47.8 °C. Maximum: 52.5 °C Average: 47.5 °C. 38.3 °C 37.5 °C 36.2 °C. 38.8 °C 38.6 °C 36.3 °C. 38.3 °C 38.7 °C 35.7 °C. Maximum: 38.8 °C Average: 37.6 °C. 34.7 °C 36.1 °C 37.2 °C 34.9 °C 36.8 °C 37.8 °C 33.8 °C 37.1 °C 38.8 °C. Maximum: 38.8 °C Average: 36.4 °C. The rear-sided speaker's position is not ideal. The sound muffles a bit as soon as the handset is placed on a table. That is too bad since the little module is not at all bad seeing that it barely hums even in high volumes (87 dB(A) maximum). As expected, basses are virtually absent and focus is placed on trebles. Nevertheless, the quality is easily enough for YouTube videos or some background music. External speakers or headphones can be connected via the 3.5-mm jack or Bluetooth. The performance was inconspicuous in both cases.. 0 10 20 30 40 50 60 70 80 90 Deep Bass Middle Bass High Bass Lower Range Mids Higher Mids Lower Highs Mid Highs Upper Highs Super Highs 20 40.9 32.4 40.9 25 36.3 31.3 36.3 31 33.8 31.7 33.8 40 38.4 26 38.4 50 40.6 39.4 40.6 63 33.9 36.2 33.9 80 30.1 28.6 30.1 100 27.4 25.4 27.4 125 30.8 21.3 30.8 160 32.3 23.3 32.3 200 31 22.5 31 250 36.6 22.4 36.6 315 43 21.3 43 400 49.8 18.4 49.8 500 59 17.5 59 630 63.8 17.5 63.8 800 69.1 17.2 69.1 1000 74.4 16.8 74.4 1250 75.2 17.3 75.2 1600 73.1 17.4 73.1 2000 74.4 16.6 74.4 2500 75.7 17.3 75.7 3150 72.8 17.6 72.8 4000 74.1 17.6 74.1 5000 74.1 17.7 74.1 6300 79.2 17.4 79.2 8000 80.5 17.7 80.5 10000 77.8 17.9 77.8 12500 69.4 18.1 69.4 16000 74.1 18.1 74.1 SPL 87.2 29.8 87.2 N 66.6 1.3 66.6 median 72.8 Acer Liquid Jade Primo median 17.7 median 72.8 Delta 12.4 1.6 12.4 39.6 32.4 41 32.4 31.3 35.5 31.5 31.7 31.2 34.2 26 30.4 46.8 39.4 41.8 33.9 36.2 34.6 29.3 28.6 30.2 33.8 25.4 30.6 29.4 21.3 34.4 34.5 23.3 40.5 41.9 22.5 44.8 45.6 22.4 50.1 53.3 21.3 55.8 55 18.4 58.1 55.8 17.5 60 56.8 17.5 61 52.5 17.2 56.6 60.2 16.8 61.7 69.7 17.3 62.7 74.4 17.4 66.8 74 16.6 72.1 75.3 17.3 71.9 73.7 17.6 65.4 69.7 17.6 63.2 66.3 17.7 56.1 70.6 17.4 59.2 70 17.7 61.1 67.3 17.9 61.2 59.1 18.1 59.4 63.3 18.1 55.5 83.1 29.8 78.1 49.1 1.3 37.6 median 60.2 HTC 10 median 17.7 median 59.4 10.7 1.6 4.7 hearing range hide median show median Pink Noise. Acer Liquid Jade Primo audio analysis. (+) | speakers can play relatively loud (87.17 dB) Bass 100 - 315 Hz (-) | nearly no bass - on average 39.3% lower than median (+) | bass is linear (6.4% delta to prev. frequency) Mids 400 - 2000 Hz (Â±) | reduced mids - on average 6.9% lower than median (Â±) | linearity of mids is average (8.1% delta to prev. frequency) Highs 2 - 16 kHz (+) | balanced highs - only 3.5% away from median (+) | highs are linear (3.8% delta to prev. frequency) Overall 100 - 16.000 Hz (Â±) | linearity of overall sound is average (25.3% difference to median) Compared to same class » 48% of all tested devices in this class were better, 12% similar, 40% worse » The best had a delta of 14%, average was 26%, worst was 44% Compared to all devices tested » 71% of all tested devices were better, 7% similar, 23% worse » The best had a delta of 3%, average was 21%, worst was 53%. (+) | speakers can play relatively loud (83.13 dB) Bass 100 - 315 Hz (-) | nearly no bass - on average 20.4% lower than median (Â±) | linearity of bass is average (12.9% delta to prev. frequency) Mids 400 - 2000 Hz (Â±) | higher mids - on average 7.3% higher than median (Â±) | linearity of mids is average (8.9% delta to prev. frequency) Highs 2 - 16 kHz (Â±) | higher highs - on average 10.3% higher than median (+) | highs are linear (6% delta to prev. frequency) Overall 100 - 16.000 Hz (Â±) | linearity of overall sound is average (26.3% difference to median) Compared to same class » 54% of all tested devices in this class were better, 11% similar, 35% worse » The best had a delta of 14%, average was 26%, worst was 44% Compared to all devices tested » 74% of all tested devices were better, 6% similar, 20% worse » The best had a delta of 3%, average was 21%, worst was 53%. Frequency diagram in comparison (check boxes above can be turned on/off!) Rate 1: Pink Noise 100 % volume; Rate 2: Audio off. Acer's smartphone consumes between 1.22 and 2.32 watts in idle. Thus, it is more frugal than both Lumias by Microsoft but also needs more energy than all other opponents. The maximum load power consumption of 8.07 watts is also relatively high, but it is still within limits. The included 10-watt power supply is sufficiently sized. Acer should rework the standby consumption that is definitely too high at 0.86 watts. This is also noticed in practical use.. Off / Standby 0.68 / 0.86 Watt Idle 1.22 / 2.25 / 2.32 Watt. mAh Microsoft Lumia 950 XL 3340. mAh Apple iPhone 6S Plus 2750. mAh Power Consumption Idle Minimum * Idle Average * Idle Maximum * Load Average * Load Maximum *. The non-removable battery has a capacity of 2870 mAh. Despite the large casing, it is one of the smallest modules in our comparison group. The high consumption rates thus make very long battery runtimes impossible. We only timed a bit over 5.5 hours in our Wi-Fi test using adapted brightness - too short for a modern smartphone. The energy-saving mode could be used optionally for increasing the battery life a bit.. Consequently, a recharging possibility should always be planned for getting through a day when using the smartphone intensively. A complete charging takes roughly two hours when the smartphone is on. Wireless charging is unfortunately not an option.. NBC WiFi Websurfing Battery Test 1.3 5h. mAh Microsoft Lumia 950 XL 3340. mAh Apple iPhone 6S Plus 2750. + camera good in daylight. + very fast WiFi. + docking station included. - mediocre battery life. - casing does unconditionally not fulfill high-end claim. - limited app offerings. - camera's low-light quality. - no Windows Hello. - some features missing (fingerprint scanner, NFC, etc.). In review: Acer Liquid Jade Primo. The Liquid Jade Primo is Acer's first premium smartphone based on Windows 10 Mobile. A doubtless advantage is the option of using the smartphone as a PC thanks to Continuum, and Acer considerately includes the matching docking station right away. This is a very interesting solution when the user does not have to manage any demanding tasks. However, there are some problems with using the smartphone, and some things do not seem quite fully developed.. We only get a relatively small battery despite the large casing, and thus the battery life is fairly short. The stability could be better, the surface temperatures are high, the camera only shoots decent photos in sufficient light, and certain configuration features, such as NFC, wireless charging or Windows Hello, are not present. However, the biggest drawback is the limited app offerings by Windows itself, and this will unlikely look different in the foreseeable future.. Acer's Liquid Jade Primo leaves us with mixed feelings. It is superb in some sections but only mediocre in others. As before, a big problem is Windows' limited app offerings.. Advantages are the decent AMOLED panel and the extremely fast Wi-Fi connections. The performance is also solid and, above all, it can always be retrieved stably. The price of approximately 600 Euros (~$674) is quite high, though. The limited app offering makes it difficult for us to recommend it over other smartphones based on Android or iOS. However, Acer's handset is certainly an alternative to Microsoft's Lumias .. Acer Liquid Jade Primo - 2016-09-06 09/06/2016 v5.1 Andreas Osthoff. Please share our article, every link counts!. > Notebook / Laptop Reviews and News > Reviews > Acer Liquid Jade Primo Smartphone Review. 
Enter the characters you see below. Sorry, we just need to make sure you're not a robot. For best results, please make sure your browser is accepting cookies.. Type the characters you see in this image:. 
Product Reviews Components Cases CPUs Cooling Graphics Memory Motherboards Power Supplies Storage Peripherals Keyboards Mice Monitors Virtual Reality Systems Builds Desktops Laptops Gaming. Exclusive: Two Acer Liquid Jade Primo Smartphones Emerge. October 20, 2015 at 5:00 AM. Ever since Acer teased the intriguing Liquid Jade Primo , a Windows 10 smartphone shrouded in mystery, we've been angling for more details. We finally have them, and all we had to do was fly to Taipei and ask in person.. We got the specs we needed, but we also got a surprise: There isn't just one Jade Primo. And they are indeed going to ship with a whole pile of peripherals to deliver that smartphone-as-a-PC experience.. One of the Primo models will have a 5-inch display, and the other will have a 5.5-inch display; both are full HD affairs. Although we don't (ahem, yet) have specs for the smaller sibling, 5.5-inch Liquid Jade Primo will sport a Qualcomm Snapdragon 808 SoC with 3 GB of RAM and 32 GB of onboard storage.. We don't know anything about the camera beyond the fact that it's 21MP (8MP on the front), which is, at least, an indication that the optics and sensor might be higher-end. The devices will have USB Type-C ports, and although we don't know which versions of USB (or any other connectivity) they support, we do know that they support Power Delivery. That means the phones can be connected to a monitor, for example, and receive power from that monitor over the USB Type-C cable.. -Dual-core ARM Cortex A57 (up to 2 GHz), quad-core Cortex A53, up to 2 GHz). USB Type-C port, with Power Delivery. Acer told us that, at present, the 5-inch model is a "concept," and therefore there are no details to share about its specifications and features for now.. In terms of squared-off design language, which was popular especially on iPhones for a time -- that's out, and round is in. (Or at least Acer feels that way.) The Jade Primo is all about those curves, from the gently rounded back to the round buttons.. The idea here is that a curved chassis is more form-fitting in your hand, and we found that to be true, but that can be said about many of the phones being designed now. The smaller 5-inch version was actually a little more substantial and solid (it was made from some kind of metal), and its textured back had a pleasing feel to it.. These are somewhat large phones, too -- although that's both obvious from the specs, and also fairly common these days in the handset world.. The base specs of the Liquid Jade Primo smartphones are solid, but not eye-popping, compared to other higher-end handsets available, but the basic specs are not their key feature. Instead, Acer sees these phones as harbingers of a new paradigm of smartphones-as-PCs. We discussed this very topic recently when ST Liew, President of Acer's Smartphone Business Group, performed a (wireless!) onstage demo of Continuum running on the phone.. The peripherals that Liew alluded to -- the docking station, mouse and keyboard -- will indeed ship with the Jade Primo. Taken together, they'll offer an experience wherein you can dock your Jade Primo and use Windows 10 (for phones) on a large monitor with full mouse and keyboard support.. We were told that the monitor will probably be an option you can add on if you want it (it makes sense), so apparently when Liew suggested that Acer might ship a monitor with the smartphone, he wasn't just riffing.. Acer also said that it might bundle some "light computing devices" as well, but that's just an idea that the smartphone group is toying with; nothing is solid on that front yet. (We would speculate that such a companion would likely be a smartwatch of some kind, or a very lightweight Chromebook or cloudbook-like laptop.). To recap: When you buy an Acer Liquid Jade Primo, you'll get a mouse, keyboard, dock and maybe a monitor. With Continuum support, you'll therefore be getting a (more or less) full Windows environment in which to work, too.. How much all of the above will cost remains unknown at this point, possibly because Acer itself hasn't determined it in full. We also don't know anything firm on carrier support. At least one Acer rep told us that the company doesn't have "imminent" plans for a North American launch, so that's the hangup on that data point.. However, we do know that the Liquid Jade Primos will be available by the end of the year -- somewhere in the world. Liew told us that Acer has focused first on markets where the Acer business computing products do exceedingly well, including some countries in Europe and Southeast Asia, and that he's been hard at work in North America lately, as well. On the Liquid Jade Primo, then, U.S. availability is to be determined, but we expect it to arrive stateside some time in 2016.. Update, 10/20/15, 7:07am PT: Added clarification about the 5-inch Liquid Jade Primo's current status as a concept phone.. ______________________________________________________________________ Seth Colaner is the News Director at Tom's Hardware. He curates and edits the news channel and also writes on a variety of topics. He would have become a professional ultimate Frisbee player, but he was born 15 years too early.. Follow him on Twitter @SethColaner. Follow us @tomshardware , on Facebook and on Google+ .. Seth Colaner is the Executive News Editor of Tom's Hardware US. He oversees news, event coverage and peripheral reviews.. Create a new thread in the US News comments forum about this subject. This thread is closed for comments. Acer is not a very popular phone.Better phones out there.. We flew to Taipei, where Acer showed us not one, but two Liquid Jade Primo smartphones running Windows 10 for phones. Exclusive: Two Acer Liquid Jade Primo Smartphones Emerge : Read more. iPhone 6s: Samsung And TSMC A9 SoCs Tested. © 2018 Purch All Rights Reserved.. 
Unboxing, 360-degree spin, hardware overview 3. Telephony, loudspeaker, audio quality, messaging 7. Gallery, video and music player, audio quality 8. Acer Liquid Jade Primo specification User opinions and reviews Review comments (33). Acer Dual SIM Windows 10. Acer Liquid Jade Primo key features. Windows 10 Mobile with Continuum support (requires the Acer D01 dock). 5.5" Full HD AMOLED display with 401ppi; Gorilla Glass 3. Snapdragon 808: hexa-core processor with 2x 1.82GHz Cortex-A57 and 4x 1.44GHz Cortex -A53, Adreno 418 GPU, 3GB of RAM. 32GB of built-in storage; expandable via a microSD slot. 21MP primary camera with f/2.2 aperture, dual-LED flash; 2160p video recording @30 fps, 1080p video recording @ 30 fps. 8MP front-facing camera with f/2.2 aperture, 1080p@30fps video recording. 6 LTE (300/50Mbps); Dual SIM; Wi-Fi a/b/g/n/ac; Bluetooth 4.0; GPS; USB Type-C port. Active noise cancellation via dedicated mic. Non-removable battery, no fast charging either. No fingerprint reader or iris recognition. Windows phone models aren't that many, which makes sense as the platforms has a market share of less than 2%. Among those phone models, the ones which are not made by Microsoft, are few and far between. So the Acer Liquid Jade Primo is a specimen of a rare breed.. The Acer Liquid Jade Primo is a flagship-grade device, up there with Microsoft's own Lumia 950. And just like Microsoft took its time with coming up with a smartphone (okay, two) to fly the Windows 10 banner, Acer has been in no rush to release the Jade Primo - announced at last year's IFA in September, it's yet to make it to the shelves but yes, we've got one early. This might explain why the Primo uses last year's Snapdragon 808 as opposed to the more current Snapdragon 820. Have no worries, Windows 10 has been known to cruise on even Snapdragon 2xx, so we expect nothing but a smooth sailing.. The Liquid Jade Primo comes with an 5.5-inch AMOLED screen - arguably the best display tech for the Windows black backgrounds. Unlike the high-end Lumias, resolution has been kept at a conservative 1080p, for better or worse.. You do get Windows Continuum, a properly-equipped 21MP camera with 4K video, an 8MP front shooter (boo, 5MP Lumias!), Wi-Fi ac, USB Type-C connectivity - pretty much everything but the kitchen sink. Okay, unless you want to swap batteries and unlock with a fingerprint reader - those particular features are a no-go.. Plenty of affordable midrange Android smartphones come with a fingerprint scanner, but we're yet to see one on a Windows device, so we're not going to hold a grudge with the Jade Primo on this one. Battery capacity raises eyebrows though, even more so when the Lumia 950 did rather poorly with more juice - we'll see whether Acer will be able to pull off a miracle.. Acer Liquid Jade Primo press images. Nevertheless, you're not terribly spoiled for options in the higher-end of the Windows Mobile spectrum, and that might help you look past some (or all) of the Jade Primo's shortcomings. Join us on the following pages to see where they hide.. Unboxing, 360-degree spin, hardware overview 3. Telephony, loudspeaker, audio quality, messaging 7. Gallery, video and music player, audio quality 8. Acer Liquid Jade Primo specification User opinions and reviews Review comments (33). Samsung Apple Nokia Sony LG HTC Motorola Huawei Microsoft Lenovo Xiaomi Google Acer Asus Oppo OnePlus Meizu BlackBerry Alcatel ZTE Toshiba Vodafone Energizer XOLO Lava Micromax BLU Gionee vivo LeEco Panasonic HP YU verykool Maxwest Plum. Chrome OS spotted running on an Acer tablet in the wild. Acer Liquid Z6 Max appears with a 4,670 mAh battery and a 5.5-inch display. Acer unveils Android-powered 360° camera, multiple portable computers. 
Hands on: Acer Liquid Jade Primo. Thanks to Windows Continuum, the Acer Liquid Jade Primo is worth a try. It may have a standard 1920 x 1080 pixel resolution, but it’s an OLED panel covered in 2.5D glass. That means pure blacks and great contrast, and it has an equally curvy body on the front. This adds up to the Jade Primo being a smartphone we want to use. The trusty Qualcomm Snapdragon 808 processor and 3GB of RAM also give it enough power for most situations.. The Liquid Jade Primo is Acer’s Windows 10 smartphone, and it has been hotly anticipated — well, in relative terms, it’s a Windows phone after all — since it was shown as a non-working model in September. The phone is ready to go on sale in the next few months, and we got a chance to try it out. The phone’s headline feature, and the reason it’s sparked so much interest, is Windows Continuum, which turns the phone into a full PC.. Before we get there, let’s look at the Jade Primo. The design is typical of Acer, with a massive circular camera lens on the rear, bookended by a oversized speaker at the other end. The rear cover has a brushed metal finish, but is really made of plastic. It does feel good in the hand thanks to the curvy shape, which disguises the overall size you expect from any 5.5-inch device.. a smartphone we’d instantly want to use.. Unlike other Acer phones, the Liquid Jade Primo has Windows 10 installed, rather than Android. Windows 10 worked smoothly and effectively during our brief hands-on, but the big draw is Continuum, which turns a compatible monitor into a Windows 10 computer when the phone is slotted into Acer’s dock. The dock connects using HDMI or USB 3.1 — Acer’s the only company producing a monitor with that feature at the moment — and when the phone’s plugged in, the change over happens within a few seconds. On the first occasion, it didn’t work at all, with no explanation, suggesting it may not be entirely stable just yet.. Once connected, the phone’s home screen is shown on the monitor and can even be used as a mousepad to navigate on the larger display. This is awkward when the phone is in the dock, though. It comes into its own when paired with a Bluetooth keyboard and mouse. Microsoft Edge, Word, Messages, and other standard apps are all blown up on the monitor, with the phone powering it all. There are people reading this who instantly see how this feature will fit into their lives, and others who’ll think the exact opposite.. The question is: Will everyone else find it useful, or not?. The Liquid Jade Primo, as a phone, is cool; but it has one thing that’s going to count against it for wavering buyers — price. It’s 570 euros in Europe, or about $620, plus 30 euros for the dock. That’s a lot for an Acer phone, even one with a gorgeous display, a USB Type-C connector, and a 21-megapixel camera. However, if Continuum and Windows 10 are on your personal wish list, the Jade Primo is better value than the Microsoft Lumia phones introduced late last year.. Acer will bring the Liquid Jade Primo to the United States, but it hasn’t set a final date. We’re told it’ll launch sometime before mid-year, and that’s when the price will be finalized. The Jade Primo’s a good Acer phone, and. it’s worth close examination if you’re a Windows 10 devotee, or even somewhat interested in trying Windows on your phone.. How to split your screen in Windows 10. After a quiet year, is Microsoft ready to wake up, or settle down?. Microsoft pulls list of limitations on ‘Always Connected’ Windows 10 PCs. The Samsung Galaxy S9 is finally here: Here's everything you need to know. Dwayne Johnson heads to youth prison boot camp with new HBO documentary. Microsoft pulls list of limitations on ‘Always Connected’…. Huawei MateBook X Pro hands-on review. Add Us To Your Social Channels. Digital Trends helps readers keep tabs on the fast-paced world of tech with all the latest news, fun product reviews, insightful editorials, and one-of-a-kind sneak peeks. 
Product Reviews Components Cases CPUs Cooling Graphics Memory Motherboards Power Supplies Storage Peripherals Keyboards Mice Monitors Virtual Reality Systems Builds Desktops Laptops Gaming. Acer Liquid Jade Primo Dock, Quick Look. January 13, 2016 at 11:45 AM. We got a quick look at the Acer Liquid Jade Primo and its still-in-development dock at CES.. The dock is coming, although apparently Acer is still adding the final touches. Most notably, it uses an HDMI port to connect with the monitor, which seems an odd choice, and indeed an Acer rep said that the final version will probably have a USB Type-C connector instead.. As you can see, the dock has three USB ports (one USB 3.0 on one side, two USB 2.0 on the other), as well as a power port and the aforementioned HDMI port.. Although Acer has backed off on its intentions to release the Liquid Jade Primo with a spate of peripherals, a rep told us that it’s still possible that the phone may yet ship with an optional monitor bundle.. The monitor the team had on display with the Primo is the H277HU, Acer’s first USB Type-C monitor (which looks lovely in person, with a silver chassis, thin black bezel, and an attractive circular silver stand.) A monitor, dock and smartphone bundle is probably sufficient, as both home and business users likely already have preferred mice and keyboards, and cramming five items into one package may be overkill. Further, Acer doesn’t really have a nice desktop keyboard/mouse combo, so it would either have to build a set or partner with another company on a peripherals bundle.. As for the phone itself, I was surprised at how easy it was to use. Despite the large size (5.5 inches), I found that could reach all the parts of the screen with my thumb easily. Typically, I struggle to thumb-navigate any smartphone over about 4.7 inches one-handed, but Acer balanced the thinness and weight balance of the Liquid Jade Primo, and it worked well for me.. To pair the phone with the monitor, there’s a tap-to-connect option that pops up when you dock it.. Acer did not reveal when the dock would be shipping, nor what price it might command.. Seth Colaner is the News Director for Tom's Hardware. Follow him on Twitter @SethColaner. Follow us on Facebook , Google+ , RSS , Twitter and YouTube .. Seth Colaner is the Executive News Editor of Tom's Hardware US. He oversees news, event coverage and peripheral reviews.. Create a new thread in the News comments forum about this subject. This thread is closed for comments. This looks awesome! First gen of continuum enabled phones will likely not do much for Windows Phone sales... but in 2-3 generations when phone hardware rivels that of a business PC? So many companies now buy work phones for their employees. Having a single managed device to hand out to employees that can work as phone, desktop, and portable compute solution could be a big game changer. If they added a 2nd SIM slot so employees could add their personal lines to the device then it would be even better. Also, this dock solution looks WAY better than Microsoft's dongle/dock thing. I like the idea of having something that my phone 'docks' onto securely, rather than a mess of cables on the desk.. we want BOTH HDMI 2.0 + USB Type C for video on the dock. You have a point about the generations and hardware potential for the future. Although I think you are missing the larger picture with a "secure" dock, you can't hold the phone to your head to take a call if its in the Acer style dock. Major disadvantage, which Microsoft's dock solves.. This looks awesome! First gen of continuum enabled phones will likely not do much for Windows Phone sales... but in 2-3 generations when phone hardware rivels that of a business PC? So many companies now buy work phones for their employees. Having a single managed device to hand out to employees that can work as phone, desktop, and portable compute solution could be a big game changer. If they added a 2nd SIM slot so employees could add their personal lines to the device then it would be even better. Also, this dock solution looks WAY better than Microsoft's dongle/dock thing. I like the idea of having something that my phone 'docks' onto securely, rather than a mess of cables on the desk.. Many users likely have BT or wired headsets to use. Acer could even throw a wired set in with the phone itself. Seth, I'm not sure what you mean about an HDMI video port being an odd choice. Even MS's dock has an HDMI port since that's one of the most common AV jacks being used right now. Replacing the HDMI means you could only connect a display over USB, WiDi, or Miracast instead of the millions of HDMI displays already out there.. Although I think you are missing the larger picture with a "secure" dock, you can't hold the phone to your head to take a call if its in the Acer style dock. Major disadvantage, which Microsoft's dock solves.. Seth, does it have a dedicated shutter button anywhere? It doesn't look like it but I haven't looked at any really good shots of it from all angles. I've gotten used to having one on my Lumia, you can unlock the phone and snap shots almost instantly with the shutter button. Can you use the MS dock with the Acer Jade Primo?. Although I think you are missing the larger picture with a "secure" dock, you can't hold the phone to your head to take a call if its in the Acer style dock. Major disadvantage, which Microsoft's dock solves.. Currently using a Lumia 1020 and am a true believer in the WP platform. I want this Acer so much more than the 950, though. When is it hitting the states? My contract is up in March and I'd love to purchase this phone with the dock.. Intel’s Smartphone: RealSense/Project Tango Dev Kit Shipping Q1. Tom's Hardware's CES 2016 Top Picks. © 2018 Purch All Rights Reserved.. 
Home Shop MWC News Reviews Features Opinions Videos The Gadgets 360 Show Cell Guru Prime Tech Smartphone Reviews Tech and Gadget Reviews How-To Videos Video Game Reviews and Features Top Lists by Gadgets 360 Unboxing and Hands-On Videos Podcasts Compare Mobiles Phone Finder DEALS. Mobiles Tablets Apps Gaming Cameras PC/Laptops AUDIO/VIDEO How To Telecom Science INDIA INTERNET SOCIAL MEDIA WEARABLES हिंदी. Home Mobiles Mobiles News. Acer Liquid Jade Primo With Windows 10 Mobile: Price, Availability Revealed. Ketan Pratap , 23 October 2015. Share on Facebook Tweet Share Share Email Reddit Comment. Acer at this year's IFA had unveiled new Windows 10 Mobile -based phones, the Liquid M320 and Liquid M330. The company at the event had also showcased a 'PC phone' named Liquid Jade Primo, and had promised to share more details at the handset's release.. The Taiwanese manufacturer has finally revealed the Acer Liquid Jade Primo in Philippines and has priced it at PHP 18,990 (approximately Rs. The smartphone will go on sale only in December. Unfortunately, there is no word on when the handset will go on sale in India.. Unveiled in partnership with Microsoft, the Liquid Jade Primo was touted as the "pocket PC" and "PC phone" by Acer. The handset comes with Microsoft's anticipated Windows 10 Continuum feature that allows seamless transition from mobile to desktop modes. According to Acer, the new Jade Primo smartphone will be able to run universal Windows 10 apps. The Jade Primo will ship with a keyboard, mouse, and docking station which will allow users to really use it as a PC phone right from out-of-the-box.. For specifications, the Acer Liquid Jade Primo features a 5.5-inch full-HD (1080x1920 pixels) Amoled display and features curves on the edges. Powered by a 64-bit hexa-core Qualcomm Snapdragon 808 processor, the handset comes with 3GB of RAM and 32GB of inbuilt storage. It sports a 21-megapixel rear camera with a dual-LED flash and an 8-megapixel front camera. The Liquid Jade Primo Philippines launch was first reported by Semi Current.. At IFA, Acer's Liquid M330 was priced at EUR 129 and was expected to go on sale later this year. No pricing was revealed for the Liquid M320 smartphone.. For the latest smartphone launches by Samsung, Nokia, Sony, Asus, and other MWC 2018 announcements, visit our MWC hub .. Acer Liquid Jade Primo With Windows 10 Mobile: Price, Availability Revealed. More Acer mobiles Acer mobiles price in India. Further reading: Acer , Acer Liquid Jade Primo , Acer Liquid Jade Primo Price , Acer Liquid Jade Primo Specifications , Acer Mobiles , Windows 10. Ketan Pratap Email Ketan. Ketan Pratap covers daily news and rumours at Gadgets 360. He attended IIMC (Indian Institute of Mass Communication), majoring in English Journalism. Activision Bets You Will Want to Watch Pros Play Video Games. Game on as Vivendi Becomes Ubisoft's Biggest Shareholder. Acer Liquid Jade Primo With Windows 10 Mobile: Price, Availability Revealed. Samsung Galaxy S9 और Galaxy S9+ स्मार्टफोन लॉन्च. Nokia 1 एंड्रॉयड गो स्मार्टफोन हुआ लॉन्च. LG V30S ThinQ के साथ MWC 2018 में एलजी ने दी दस्तक. Samsung Galaxy S9, Galaxy S9+ Launched: What's New?. Why Game of Thrones Creators Writing Star Wars Might Be a Bad, Bad Idea. Design by User Feedback? The Customer Isn't Always Right. PS4 Is a Best-Seller but Here Are 4 Reasons It's Far From Perfect. Metal Gear Survive Has a Hidden Message, This Is What It Could Mean Canon EOS 1500D, EOS 3000D Entry-Level DSLRs Launched in India BSNL Partners Nokia for Rollout of 4G VoLTE Services Sony Unveils Xperia Ear Duo to Answer Apple AirPods, Samsung Gear IconX Sony Xperia XZ2, Xperia XZ2 Compact With 18:9 Displays Launched at MWC Mi MIX 2S With Snapdragon 845 Confirmed by Xiaomi; Launching on March 27 Huawei Launches Windows Laptop and Android Tablet at MWC 2018 Samsung Galaxy S9, Galaxy S9+ Pre-Orders Now Open in India ZTE Tempo Go Is Its First Smartphone That Runs Android Oreo (Go Edition) Samsung's Foldable Smartphone Isn't a Gimmick, Claims CEO. Nokia 7 Plus Is an Android One Phone With Dual Rear Cameras, Zeiss Optics Samsung Galaxy S9, Galaxy S9+ With Improved Cameras, AR Emoji Launched Samsung Galaxy S9, Galaxy S9+ Pre-Orders Now Open in India Nokia 7 Plus vs Nokia 7 Nokia 8110 4G Is a 'Slider' Feature Phone With Google, Facebook Apps OnePlus 5, OnePlus 5T HD Content Streaming Issue Fixed, With a Catch Sony Unveils Xperia Ear Duo to Answer Apple AirPods, Samsung Gear IconX Vodafone to Offer 4.5GB Data Per Day for 28 Days at Rs. 799: Report Sony Xperia XZ2, Xperia XZ2 Compact With 18:9 Displays Launched at MWC Nokia 8 Sirocco With Dual Cameras, Stainless Steel Frame Launched at MWC. Sitemaps Archives Advertise About Us Feedback Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions Complaint Redressal Careers Contact Us RSS Ethics Gadgets Hindi. © Copyright Red Pixels Ventures Limited 2018. Fields marked with * are mandatory. 
The next video is starting stop. Acer Liquid Jade Primo vs Lumia 950 XL - MWC 2016. Want to watch this again later?. Sign in to add this video to a playlist.. Sign in to report inappropriate content.. Sign in to make your opinion count.. Sign in to make your opinion count.. The interactive transcript could not be loaded.. Rating is available when the video has been rented.. This feature is not available right now. We compare the Acer Liquid Jade Primo with the Microsoft Lumia 950 XL in this vs head-to-head comparison at MWC 2016. Two Windows 10 devices packing similar features and performance, not to mention continuum dock support, but when side-by-side, what's different? Which looks better and which do you prefer? Let us know in the comments section and be sure to subscribe to the channel if you're not already subscribed.. When autoplay is enabled, a suggested video will automatically play next.. ACER Jade Primo: Windows 10 Gets a Shiny Smartphone. Acer Liquid Jade Primo Review (Full HD/ English) - GSMDome.com. HP Elite X3 vs Acer Liquid Jade Primo Official Ads. HP Elite X3 vs Microsoft Lumia 950 XL. Microsoft Lumia 950 XL Review: After 4 Months!. Acer Liquid Jade Primo hands-on from CES 2016. Acer Jade Primo Windows phone unboxing. Lumia 1020 vs 950 XL Full Camera Review. lumia 650 vs 950 XL speed test. Acer Liquid Jade Primo Unboxing (Bundled Acer Display Dock) - GSMDome.com. Acer Liquid Jade Primo: Der Taschen-PC im Test. Microsoft Lumia 950 VS Acer Jade Primo - La comparativa en español. First Look: Acer Liquid Jade Primo. Windows 10 Continuum with Acer Liquid Jade Primo Premium Pack on Qualcomm Snapdragon 808. Acer Liquid Jade Primo Windows Phone Hands On - CES 2016. Samsung Galaxy S7 Edge vs Microsoft Lumia 950XL - Speed Test (4K). Microsoft Windows Phone DEAD ??: HELL NO !!! 2016. Sign in to add this to Watch Later. 
Recent Posts Wireless Sony Xperia Ear Duo headset starts at $280 with Dual Listening support ‘Extended’ Sony Xperia XZ2 and XZ2 Compact feature new designs, Snapdragon 845 power Lenovo 500e and 300e Chromebooks are now available with advanced Touch and Pen features Lenovo unveils Yoga 730 with Alexa and Cortana, Flex 14 with Active Pen included Huawei MateBook X Pro: The ‘Pro’ is for progress (Video) Recent Comments Anonymous on CES 2018 will not be graced by FCC chairman Ajit Pai Anonymous on Pixel 2 XL does not charge at full 18W allowed by adapter Anonymous on iPhone 8 and iPhone X cases made by Apple will allow for wireless charging Anonymous on Apple Store in China had just two customers in line for iPhone 8 Anonymous on Galaxy S8 will feature software navigation buttons and launch March 29 Archives February 2018 January 2018 December 2017 November 2017 October 2017 September 2017 August 2017 July 2017 June 2017 May 2017 April 2017 March 2017 February 2017 January 2017 December 2016 November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 June 2015 May 2015 April 2015 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 October 2014 September 2014 August 2014 July 2014 June 2014 May 2014 April 2014 March 2014 February 2014 January 2014 December 2013 November 2013 October 2013 September 2013 August 2013 July 2013 June 2013 May 2013 April 2013 March 2013 February 2013 January 2013 December 2012 November 2012 October 2012 September 2012 August 2012 July 2012 June 2012 May 2012 April 2012 March 2012 February 2012 January 2012 December 2011 November 2011 October 2011 September 2011 August 2011 July 2011 June 2011 May 2011 April 2011 March 2011 February 2011 January 2011 December 2010 November 2010 October 2010 September 2010 August 2010 July 2010 June 2010 May 2010 April 2010 March 2010 February 2010 January 2010 December 2009 November 2009 October 2009 September 2009 August 2009 July 2009 June 2009 May 2009 April 2009 March 2009 February 2009 January 2009 December 2008 November 2008 October 2008 September 2008 August 2008 July 2008 June 2008 May 2008 April 2008 March 2008 February 2008 January 2008 December 2007 November 2007 October 2007 September 2007 August 2007 July 2007 June 2007 May 2007 April 2007 March 2007 February 2007 January 2007 December 2006 November 2006 October 2006 September 2006 August 2006 July 2006 June 2006 May 2006 April 2006 March 2006 February 2006 January 2006 December 2005 November 2005 October 2005 September 2005 August 2005 July 2005 June 2005 May 2005 April 2005 March 2005 February 2005 January 2005 December 2004 November 2004 October 2004 September 2004 August 2004 July 2004 June 2004 May 2004 April 2004 March 2004 February 2004 January 2004 December 2003 November 2003 October 2003 September 2003 August 2003 July 2003 June 2003 May 2003 April 2003 March 2003 February 2003 January 2003 December 2002 November 2002 October 2002 September 2002 August 2002 July 2002 June 2002 May 2002 April 2002 March 2002 February 2002 January 2002 December 2001 November 2001 October 2001 September 2001 August 2001 July 2001 June 2001 May 2001 April 2001 March 2001 February 2001 January 2001 December 2000 November 2000 October 2000 August 2000 July 2000 June 2000 May 2000 Categories Accessories Android BlackBerry Interview iOS Other OS Phones Reviews Security & Privacy Tablets Uncategorized Wearables Windows Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org. Reviews Editorials Videos Podcast Deals Pocketnow en Español. Reviews Editorials Videos Podcast Deals Pocketnow en Español. Acer Liquid Jade Primo hands-on (Video). Nagy January 7, 2016 1:06 am. There are two ways to run Windows 10 Mobile on your smartphone. You either install it on a hardware released previously (if you can, and if there’s an update out there), or you experience it out of the box on the latest and greatest smartphones powered by Redmond’s mobile operating system. So far, about the only two phones (and flagships) that came with Windows 10 Mobile out of the box were the Lumia 950 and Lumia 950XL , from Microsoft.. However, you can now experience Windows 10 Mobile on Acer’s latest, the Liquid Jade Primo , announced back at the 2015 IFA. And, to make things more attractive, Acer’s throwing in the. Specs-wise, it is comparable with the Lumia 950 (not XL), with a. Full HD resolution screen, hexa-core Snapdragon 808 processor,. 3GB of RAM count, 32GB of internal storage, microSD support, USB Type-C connector, and 21MP rear-facing camera coupled with an. We go hands-on with this Windows 10 Mobile phone, to get our first impressions, hoping they’re better than what we’re used to .. Pocketnow’s CES 2016 coverage is made possible by dbrand, the boss of vinyl skins for smartphones, tablets, wearables and more. For the most precise fit on earth, visit. Acer , CES 2016 , Liquid Jade Primo , News , Windows 10. Acer , CES 2016 , Liquid Jade Primo , News , Windows 10. Anton is the Editor-in-Chief of Pocketnow. As publication leader, he aims to bring Pocketnow even closer to you. His vision is mainly focused on, and oriented towards, the audience. Anton’s ambition, adopted by the entire team, is to transform Pocketnow into a reference media outlet.. Check out our MWC 2018 coverage!. Wireless Sony Xperia Ear Duo headset starts at $280 with Dual Listening support. ‘Extended’ Sony Xperia XZ2 and XZ2 Compact feature new designs, Snapdragon 845 power. Lenovo 500e and 300e Chromebooks are now available with advanced Touch and Pen features. Lenovo unveils Yoga 730 with Alexa and Cortana, Flex 14 with Active Pen included. 56% off this sturdy, transparent iPhone X case. Shock-proof bluetooth speakers with battery life of 30 hours! — 33% off. Pay what you want for this Python learning bundle. Prolong long-term battery life of your smartphone with this Qi wireless charger. No breaks for Huawei or HTC | #PNWeekly 292. Death, lawsuits and the OnePlus X2 | #PNWeekly 291. 5G crisis, 10GB RAM, Huawei P20 potentials | #PNWeekly 290. Why do Sony Xperia phones still exist? “The next paradigm shift.”. Tim Cook: $999 is “value price” for iPhone X because of EIPs and “discounts”. Panay: Surface Pro 5? How about “meaningful change” with your “Surface Pro Next.... Huawei MateBook X Pro: The ‘Pro’ is for progress (Video). Huawei MediaPad M5 & M5 Pro Hands-On (Video). LG V30S+ ThinQ Hands-On: “Dat name, tho!” (Video). About Us Contact Us Tip Us Terms and Conditions Privacy Policy. All rights reserved, Hagshama Keebali Investments Two General Partnership. Pocketnow.com - Smartphone, Tablet, and Wearable reviews, videos, editorials, and news. 
https:/ / www.phonescoop.com/ phones/ phone.php? p=5116. 1080 x 1920 pixels 401 ppi. 2870 mAh LiPolymer Non-removable Talk: 20 hours max. 32 GB raw hardware Expandable via memory card. 20+ megapixel dual LED flash HDR, Lenses, bracketing Video: 4K UHD. 8- megapixel 84-degree wide-angle lens. 6.17 x 3.02 x 0.33 in. 157 x 77 x 8.5 mm. Rating: M3, T3 (mostly tele-coil compatible). Supported Profiles: HFP 1.6, OPP , PBA , DUN , A2DP 1.2, AVRC 1.3, HID 1.1, PAN , MAP version 4.1. Connector: USB Type C. Card Type: microSD up to 128 GB. Acer (UK) Liquid Jade Primo product page ». Find a mistake or omission? Submit a Correction. This Windows 10 phone supports Continuum, allowing it to run full desktop Windows apps with a full-size monitor and keyboard. Key phone features include a 5.5-inch OLED screen, 21-megapixal camera, 8-megapixel front camera, memory card slot, and USB Type-C connector.. This phone is not currently available from any major U.S. It is compatible with some U.S. networks, and may be available from third-party dealers or smaller, regional carriers.. LTE 2 / 4 / 7 / 12. WCDMA 2 / 4 / 5. GSM 850 / 900 / 1800 / 1900. IMT-E (Canada, South America, Europe, Asia). band 2 (II) / 1900 MHz. band 4 (IV) / 1700 MHz. band 5 (V) / 850 MHz. Subscribe to updates on this phone with RSS. Review: Tech 21 Evo Check Case for Pixel 2 XL. Tech 21's latest accessory for the Google Pixel 2 XL is the Evo Check, a three-layer case that provides protection for drops up to three meters. We put this case to the test to see if it's worth your hard-earned dollars.. Review: ZTE Avid 4 for MetroPCS. ZTE's latest low-cost handset for MetroPCS offers entry-level specs and performance. It includes a 5-inch screen, 8-megapixel camera, and Android 7 Nougat. MetroPCS customers can score this handset for next to nothing, but there might be better options. Here is Phone Scoop's in-depth review.. Hands On with the Samsung Galaxy S9 and S9+. Samsung's new flagship handsets, the Galaxy S9 and S9+, are here and they offer lots to be excited about. Samsung took the wining design of last year's phones and upped the ante with improvements to the chassis, cameras, and software.. Review: IK Multimedia iRig Pro I/O for iPhone. The iRig Pro I/O is a compact audio interface that lets musicians, singers, and podcasters connect their instruments or microphones to Apple iPhones, iPads, and Macs. It takes all the best features of the larger iRig Pro Duo and boils them down to the most essential tools in a highly portable package.. Review: Coolpad Revvl Plus for T-Mobile. The Revvl Plus is an affordable Android slab that delivers an enormous screen at a reasonable price point. Stand-out features include a dual-camera system for capturing bokeh-style portraits, and a fingerprint reader for security. Here is Phone Scoop's in-depth report.. Review: Kingston DataTraveler Duo Bolt for iPhone. The Kingston DataTraveler Duo Bolt is a small thumb drive that plugs into the bottom of your iPhone and saves all your photos and videos. If you're looking for a quick way to free up space on your iOS device, the DataTraveler Duo Bolt is ideal in certain situations.. Review: WeBoost Drive Sleek In-Car Signal Booster. WeBoost's Drive Sleek in-vehicle signal booster amplifies wireless signals inside your car. If you're a mobile professional or road trip fanatic and need better wireless performance when behind the wheel, the WeBoost can help.. Review: Speck Presidio Ultra Case for iPhone X. Speck's newest case for the Apple iPhone X, the Presidio Ultra, is a three-piece kit that includes a base case, an extra bumper, and a rugged holster. If you need hardcore protection with a little bit of flexibility throughout the day, the Presidio Ultra is an interesting entry.. Subscribe to Phone Scoop News with RSS. Subscribe to Phone Scoop on YouTube. All content Copyright 2001-2018 Phone Factor, LLC. Content on this site may not be copied or republished without formal permission.. By registering, you agree to our Terms of Use. We value your privacy and will never share your email address. 
