GSM 850 / 900 / 1800 / 1900 - SIM 1 & SIM 2. HSPA 42.2/5.76 Mbps, LTE Cat4 150/50 Mbps. Super AMOLED capacitive touchscreen, 16M colors. 1080 x 1920 pixels, 16:9 ratio (~401 ppi density). Hexa-core (4x1.4 GHz Cortex-A53 & 2x1.8 GHz Cortex-A57). Geo-tagging, touch focus, face detection, HDR, panorama. Wi-Fi 802.11 a/b/g/n/ac, dual-band, Wi-Fi Direct, hotspot. SMS (threaded view), MMS, Email, Push Email. We can not guarantee that the information on this page is 100% correct. Acer Liquid Jade 2 - user opinions and reviews. Why is this not available in Belgium. why was the battery features is not indicated in the specificatons?. Samsung Apple Nokia Sony LG HTC Motorola Huawei Microsoft Lenovo Xiaomi Google Acer Asus Oppo OnePlus Meizu BlackBerry Alcatel ZTE Toshiba Vodafone Energizer XOLO Lava Micromax BLU Gionee vivo LeEco Panasonic HP YU verykool Maxwest Plum. Acer Liquid Jade 2 and Liquid Zest hands-on. Acer Liquid Z520 Acer Liquid Z220 Acer Liquid Z320 Acer Iconia Talk S Acer Liquid Z6 Plus Acer Liquid Z200. 
Identify your Acer product and we will provide you with downloads, support articles and other online support resources that will help you get the most out of your Acer product.. Acer Expands Flagship Liquid Jade Smartphone Series with the Liquid Jade 2. A brilliant AMOLED screen supporting 100% of the NTSC color gamut, and high-resolution audio with virtual surround sound powered by DTS® Headphone:X®, provides enjoyable entertainment anytime, anywhere. Award-winning Liquid Jade design language with a sleek and slim profile, curved back cover that fits comfortably in the hand and ergonomic 2.5D Corning® Gorilla® Glass screen. 21MP main camera with phase-detection autofocus technology allows blazing-fast auto focus. Up to 1TB 1 hybrid storage, so users can easily enjoy music, video and install apps in one place. Acer today announced the Liquid Jade 2, an elegant Android smartphone designed for a superior multimedia experience. It features a brilliant AMOLED screen supporting 100% of the NTSC color gamut, and high-resolution audio with virtual surround sound, providing enjoyable entertainment anytime, anywhere. The Acer Liquid Jade 2 features Acer’s award-winning Liquid Jade design language with a sleek and slim profile, curved back cover that fits comfortably in the hand and ergonomic 2.5D Corning® Gorilla® Glass screen. The hairline brushed iron-grey back cover is finished with a metallic touch, and joined to the screen with a bold red silhouette highlight. The 5.5-inch Full HD AMOLED screen on the Liquid Jade 2 produces vibrant and crisp images, and supports the full NTSC color gamut for true-to-life colors. The screen also features Zero Air Gap technology for improved readability under sunlight, and on-cell touch technology for a slimmer profile. The Liquid Jade 2 supports high-resolution audio, and features DTS® Headphone:X technology for an immersive surround sound experience with any pair of headphones. The Liquid Jade 2 has a 21MP main camera with PDAF (phase-detection autofocus) technology for blazing-fast auto focus. It supports up to 4K (3840 x 2160) video recording, and has dual-LED flash. A “Professional Camera Mode” allows users to tweak advanced settings such as white balance, ISO, EV, and focus mode. The 8MP front-facing camera supports an 84-degree wide angle, and also supports a “Pause N Shoot” selfie mode, which detects your face and automatically starts to countdown three seconds and takes the shot. For a smooth multimedia experience, the Liquid Jade 2 is powered by a hexa-core Qualcomm® Snapdragon™ 808 processor, and features 3GB of RAM and 32GB ROM. Users can enjoy up to 1TB hybrid storage, which seamlessly integrates local storage with cloud storage on select models. With hybrid storage, users can install apps, store and access music, photos, and video collections easily with their favorite apps. In addition, LTE Cat.6 and 802.11ac dual-band MIMO wireless connectivity makes downloads a snap. Exact specifications, prices, and availability will vary by region. To find out about availability, product specifications and prices in specific markets, please contact your nearest Acer office or retailer via www.acer.com. For more information about the Liquid Jade 2, please visit Acer’s display at Mobile World Congress (MWC) 2016, booth #1G50 in Hall 1, Fira Gran Via.. Be the first to know about the latest products, exclusives and offers from Acer.. Sorry, this email address has already been registered.. To register a device, please complete your Acer ID here. By signing up, I accept the terms of Acer's Privacy Policy. This website is best viewed using Internet Explorer 9 , Chrome , Safari and newer browsers.. Intel, the Intel Logo, Intel Inside, Intel Core, and Core Inside are trademarks of Intel Corporation or its subsidiaries in the U.S. 
Home Shop MWC News Reviews Features Opinions Videos The Gadgets 360 Show Cell Guru Prime Tech Smartphone Reviews Tech and Gadget Reviews How-To Videos Video Game Reviews and Features Top Lists by Gadgets 360 Unboxing and Hands-On Videos Podcasts Compare Mobiles Phone Finder DEALS. Mobiles Tablets Apps Gaming Cameras PC/Laptops AUDIO/VIDEO How To Telecom Science INDIA INTERNET SOCIAL MEDIA WEARABLES हिंदी. Acer Adcom Alcatel Apple Archos Asus BlackBerry Blu Celkon Coolpad Datawind Fly Gionee HTC Huawei iBall iBerry Idea InFocus Intex iVoomi Jivi Karbonn Lava LeEco Lenovo LG Lyf Maxx Mobile Meizu Micromax Microsoft Motorola MTS Nokia Obi Oppo Panasonic Philips Ringing Bells Samsung Sony Spice Swipe Videocon Vivo Wickedleak Xiaomi Xolo Yu Zen Ziox Zopo ZTE. Home Mobiles Phone Finder Acer Liquid Jade 2. SPECIFICATIONS USER REVIEWS NEWS. Share on Facebook Tweet Share Share Email Reddit. Acer Liquid Jade 2 smartphone was launched in February 2016. The phone comes with a 5.50-inch touchscreen display with a resolution of 1080 pixels by 1920 pixels. The Acer Liquid Jade 2 is powered by hexa-core Qualcomm Snapdragon 808 processor and it comes with 3GB of RAM. The phone packs 32GB of internal storage that cannot be expanded. As far as the cameras are concerned, the Acer Liquid Jade 2 packs a 21-megapixel primary camera on the rear and a 8-megapixel front shooter for selfies. The Acer Liquid Jade 2 runs Android. The Acer Liquid Jade 2 is a single SIM (GSM) smartphone that accepts a Micro-SIM. Connectivity options include Wi-Fi, GPS, Bluetooth, USB OTG, FM, 3G and 4G (with support for Band 40 used by some LTE networks in India). Sensors on the phone include Proximity sensor, Accelerometer, Ambient light sensor and Gyroscope.. Acer Liquid Jade 2, Liquid Zest Smartphones Launched at MWC 2016. More Acer mobiles Acer mobiles price in India. Acer Liquid Jade 2 detailed specifications. Release date February 2016 Form factor Touchscreen Removable battery No. Screen size (inches) 5.50 Touchscreen Yes Resolution 1080x1920 pixels. Processor hexa-core Processor make Qualcomm Snapdragon 808 RAM 3GB Internal storage 32GB Expandable storage No. Rear camera 21-megapixel Rear Flash LED Front camera 8-megapixel. Wi-Fi Yes GPS Yes Bluetooth Yes NFC No Infrared No USB OTG Yes Headphones 3.5mm FM Yes Number of SIMs 1 SIM 1 SIM Type Micro-SIM GSM/CDMA GSM 3G Yes 4G/ LTE Yes Supports 4G in India (Band 40) Yes. Compass/ Magnetometer No Proximity sensor Yes Accelerometer Yes Ambient light sensor Yes Gyroscope Yes Barometer No Temperature sensor No. Error or missing information? Please let us know. User ratings and reviews for Acer Liquid Jade 2. 0 Out of 5. 5 Star 4 Star 3 Star 2 Star 1 Star. Acer Liquid Jade 2, Liquid Zest Smartphones Launched at MWC 2016. Acer Liquid Z6 Plus Acer Liquid Z6 Acer Liquid Zest Plus Acer Liquid Zest 4G Acer Liquid Zest Acer Liquid Jade Primo Acer Liquid Z630s Acer Liquid Z630 Acer Liquid Z530S Acer Liquid Z530 Acer Liquid M330 Acer Liquid Z330 Acer Liquid M320 Acer Liquid Z320 Acer Liquid Z520 Acer Liquid Jade Z Acer Liquid Z220 Acer Liquid M220 Acer Liquid Z410 Acer Liquid Jade S Acer Liquid Z500 Acer Liquid Z200 Acer Liquid E600 Acer Liquid E700 Acer Liquid X1 Acer Liquid Jade Acer Liquid Z4 Acer Liquid E3 Acer Liquid Z5. Acer Liquid Jade 2 vs. Gionee Elife S5 1 Zte Zmax Pro vs. Acer Liquid Jade 2 Acer Liquid Jade 2 vs. Lenovo Vibe K4 Note vs. Samsung Galaxy Grand Duos Acer Liquid Jade 2 vs. Htc Desire 626 Dual Sim Acer Liquid Jade 2 vs. Asus Zenfone 2 Laser Ze601kl vs. Asus Zenfone 2 Ze600kl Acer Liquid Jade 2 vs. Sony Xperia Xa Dual vs. Ringing Bells Freedom 251 vs. Asus Live Micromax Canvas 6 Pro vs. Acer Liquid Jade 2 Asus Zenfone 3 Ultra Zu680kl vs. Acer Liquid Jade 2 Samsung Galaxy J1 2016 vs. Acer Liquid Jade 2 vs. Htc Desire 630 Acer Liquid Zest 4g vs. Acer Liquid Jade 2 vs. PCs and Laptops at CES 2016. Nokia 7 Plus Is an Android One Phone With Dual Rear Cameras, Zeiss Optics Samsung Galaxy S9, Galaxy S9+ With Improved Cameras, AR Emoji Launched Samsung Galaxy S9, Galaxy S9+ Pre-Orders Now Open in India Nokia 8110 4G Is a 'Slider' Feature Phone With Google, Facebook Apps Nokia 7 Plus vs Nokia 7 OnePlus 5, OnePlus 5T HD Content Streaming Issue Fixed, With a Catch Sony Unveils Xperia Ear Duo to Answer Apple AirPods, Samsung Gear IconX Vodafone to Offer 4.5GB Data Per Day for 28 Days at Rs. 799: Report Sony Xperia XZ2, Xperia XZ2 Compact With 18:9 Displays Launched at MWC Canon EOS 1500D, EOS 3000D Entry-Level DSLRs Launched in India. Samsung phones price list Lyf phones price list Micromax phones price list Sony phones price list Htc phones price list Lenovo phones price list Intex phones price list Lava phones price list Apple phones price list Nokia phones price list Xolo phones price list Lg phones price list Vivo phones price list Oppo phones price list Gionee phones price list Motorola phones price list Blackberry phones price list Xiaomi phones price list. Sitemaps Archives Advertise About Us Feedback Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions Complaint Redressal Careers Contact Us RSS Ethics Acer Liquid Jade 2 in Hindi. © Copyright Red Pixels Ventures Limited 2018. Subject Comments. 
Home Shop MWC News Reviews Features Opinions Videos The Gadgets 360 Show Cell Guru Prime Tech Smartphone Reviews Tech and Gadget Reviews How-To Videos Video Game Reviews and Features Top Lists by Gadgets 360 Unboxing and Hands-On Videos Podcasts Compare Mobiles Phone Finder DEALS. Mobiles Tablets Apps Gaming Cameras PC/Laptops AUDIO/VIDEO How To Telecom Science INDIA INTERNET SOCIAL MEDIA WEARABLES हिंदी. Home Mobiles Mobiles News. Acer Liquid Jade 2, Liquid Zest Smartphones Launched at MWC 2016. Ketan Pratap , 22 February 2016. Share on Facebook Tweet Share Share Email Reddit Comment. Acer on Monday launched the new Liquid Jade 2 flagship smartphone at the side-lines of MWC 2016 in Barcelona. The Taiwanese manufacturer alongside also revealed its new Liquid Zest series smartphones, the Liquid Zest and Liquid Zest 4G.. The company has not announced pricing or availability details of the Acer Liquid Jade 2 smartphone. However, it has confirmed that the Acer Liquid Zest will be available in EMEA in April at a starting price of EUR 109 (approximately Rs. 8,250) and the Acer Liquid Zest 4G will go on sale in EMEA regions starting May priced at EUR 149 (approximately Rs. The Acer Liquid Jade 2 features a 5.5-inch (1080x1920 pixels) full-HD Amoled display with 176-degree wide-viewing angles. It sports Corning Gorilla Glass and comes with Zero Air Gap technology, which the company claims will help in improved readability under sunlight.. The handset is powered by a hexa-core Snapdragon 808 processor with Adreno 418 GPU and 3GB of RAM. The smartphone packs 32GB of inbuilt storage and runs Android OS (version not detailed). One of the highlights of the device is it supports up to 1TB hybrid storage, which integrates local storage with cloud storage. The Liquid Jade 2 sports a 21-mgapixel rear camera with f/2.2 aperture, dual LED flash, and 4K video recording support. There is an 8-megapixel front camera on board as well.. The front-facing camera on the device supports an 84-degree wide angle, and also sports a "Pause N Shoot" selfie mode, which detects face automatically and starts a countdown of three seconds for taking shots. The smartphone supports 4G LTE Cat.6 apart from 3G, GPRS/ EDGE, GPS/ A-GPS, Bluetooth, and Wi-Fi 802.11 a/b/g/n/ac.. The Liquid Jade 2 features DTS Headphone:X technology for surround sound experience with any pair of headphones, according to Acer. The new Jade series smartphone from Asus packs USB Type-C port.. The Acer Liquid Zest (seen above), on the other hand, features a 5-inch HD (720x1280 pixels) IPS display and is powered by a 1.3GHz quad-core processor. It runs Android 6.0 Marshmallow and comes with DTS Sound Studio, which the company claims offers "higher vocal clarity and more natural details while on the move." On the camera front, the smartphone packs an 8-megapixel rear autofocus camera with LED Flash and a 5-megapixel front camera.. There are few differences between the Acer Liquid Zest 4G and its 3G variant. The 4G model is powered by a 1GHz quad-core processor and packs DTS HD Premium Sound technology. Both the Liquid Zest smartphones come pre-installed with Acer GameZone.. For the latest smartphone launches by Samsung, Nokia, Sony, Asus, and other MWC 2018 announcements, visit our MWC hub .. Acer Liquid Jade 2, Liquid Zest Smartphones Launched at MWC 2016. More Acer mobiles Acer mobiles price in India. Acer Liquid Jade 2, Liquid Zest Smartphones Launched at MWC 2016. More Acer mobiles Acer mobiles price in India. Acer Liquid Jade 2, Liquid Zest Smartphones Launched at MWC 2016. More Acer mobiles Acer mobiles price in India. Further reading: Acer , Acer Liquid Jade 2 , Acer Liquid Jade 2 Specifications , Acer Liquid Zest , Acer Liquid Zest 4G , Acer Liquid Zest 4G Price , Acer Liquid Zest Price , Acer Liquid Zest Specifications , Acer Mobiles , Mobiles , MWC , MWC 2016. Ketan Pratap Email Ketan. Ketan Pratap covers daily news and rumours at Gadgets 360. He attended IIMC (Indian Institute of Mass Communication), majoring in English Journalism. Human Champion Certain He'll Beat AI at Go Next Month. GTA V in VR Is Coming From Enthusiasts. Acer Liquid Jade 2, Liquid Zest Smartphones Launched at MWC 2016. Samsung Galaxy S9 और Galaxy S9+ स्मार्टफोन लॉन्च. Nokia 1 एंड्रॉयड गो स्मार्टफोन हुआ लॉन्च. LG V30S ThinQ के साथ MWC 2018 में एलजी ने दी दस्तक. Samsung Galaxy S9, Galaxy S9+ Launched: What's New?. Why Game of Thrones Creators Writing Star Wars Might Be a Bad, Bad Idea. Design by User Feedback? The Customer Isn't Always Right. PS4 Is a Best-Seller but Here Are 4 Reasons It's Far From Perfect. Metal Gear Survive Has a Hidden Message, This Is What It Could Mean Canon EOS 1500D, EOS 3000D Entry-Level DSLRs Launched in India BSNL Partners Nokia for Rollout of 4G VoLTE Services Sony Unveils Xperia Ear Duo to Answer Apple AirPods, Samsung Gear IconX Sony Xperia XZ2, Xperia XZ2 Compact With 18:9 Displays Launched at MWC Mi MIX 2S With Snapdragon 845 Confirmed by Xiaomi; Launching on March 27 Huawei Launches Windows Laptop and Android Tablet at MWC 2018 Samsung Galaxy S9, Galaxy S9+ Pre-Orders Now Open in India ZTE Tempo Go Is Its First Smartphone That Runs Android Oreo (Go Edition) Samsung's Foldable Smartphone Isn't a Gimmick, Claims CEO. Nokia 7 Plus Is an Android One Phone With Dual Rear Cameras, Zeiss Optics Samsung Galaxy S9, Galaxy S9+ With Improved Cameras, AR Emoji Launched Samsung Galaxy S9, Galaxy S9+ Pre-Orders Now Open in India Nokia 7 Plus vs Nokia 7 Nokia 8110 4G Is a 'Slider' Feature Phone With Google, Facebook Apps OnePlus 5, OnePlus 5T HD Content Streaming Issue Fixed, With a Catch Sony Unveils Xperia Ear Duo to Answer Apple AirPods, Samsung Gear IconX Vodafone to Offer 4.5GB Data Per Day for 28 Days at Rs. 799: Report Sony Xperia XZ2, Xperia XZ2 Compact With 18:9 Displays Launched at MWC Nokia 8 Sirocco With Dual Cameras, Stainless Steel Frame Launched at MWC. Sitemaps Archives Advertise About Us Feedback Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions Complaint Redressal Careers Contact Us RSS Ethics Gadgets Hindi. © Copyright Red Pixels Ventures Limited 2018. Fields marked with * are mandatory. 
Acer Liquid Jade 2 hands-on impressions. Acer kicks Windows 10 to the side for the Android-powered Liquid Jade 2. Acer’s replaced Windows 10 with Android on the already-neat Jade Primo, making the Liquid Jade 2, and it’s all the better for it. If you saw the Windows 10-powered. Acer Jade Primo earlier this year and thought, “Wow, I wish that ran Android,” then your prayers have been answered. The Liquid Jade 2 is almost identical, apart from swapping out Microsoft’s OS with Google’s. This could make the difference between people buying the big Acer phone, and people not caring it even exists.. That’s a shame, because like the Jade Primo, the Liquid Jade 2 is one of Acer’s better smartphones we’ve tried out. This is helped dramatically by the ultra-comfortable shape. It’s beautifully curved and fits in the palm well, and there’s a big piece of 2.5D glass over the 5.5-inch 1080p screen. Although the rear panel isn’t metal, it does a very job of looking like it is, with a very cool hairline brushed effect that catches the light nicely. The camera lens and its surround is massive though, as is the speaker grill at the opposite end of the body.. Acer has launched a smart case with the Liquid Jade 2 that works a lot like the cases we’ve seen for the LG G3, and various Samsung and HTC phones. There’s a window in the front folio cover that’s oblong rather than circular. If it was a window in a building, it would be one through which you’d shoot arrows. The shape actually makes sense, because it falls so well to hand — or thumb — when holding the device. This is important because you scroll through option pages by swiping up and down. There’s everything from battery level and notification alerts, to app shortcuts and even a camera preview window. This doesn’t make much sense though, and the G3’s round window worked better.. The same AMOLED panel that made the Jade Primo such a visual star is also on the Liquid Jade 2, and a Snapdragon 808 quad-core chip powers the device with 3GB of RAM. The camera has 21 megapixels, 4K video recording, and a dual-LED flash, while the selfie cam has 8 megapixels and auto face-detection. When it spots you, a three-second countdown begins before it takes a snap, so you best be ready. Plug in a pair of headphones, and you’ll get virtual surround surround sound using DTS Headphone:X, and stream audio using DTS Play-Fi. It’s the first time these two features have been seen together in a single device.. The Liquid Jade 2 will be sold in the U.S. this year, but Acer’s other smartphones won’t join it, and instead are headed to Europe. There are two Liquid Zest models, one with 3G and the other with 4G LTE. Apparently, there is still demand among networks for a 3G-only phone, and the Zest will cost 110 euros. That’s a strong price for a 5-inch 720p phone with a quad-core processor and an 8-megapixel camera. The 4G model will be around 150 euros and is powered by a newer MediaTek processor than the 3G phone.. If you’re tempted by the Liquid Jade 2, it’s going to be sold through Acer’s own online store and various retailers, with a cost and release date to be finalised very soon, but we know it’ll arrive before summer.. Here are all the Nokia phones HMD Global unveiled at MWC 2018. Honor 9: Can little brother take down its impressive sibling?. OnePlus 5T: Which midranger reigns supreme?. Honor View 10 versus Huawei Mate 10 Pro: A battle of David and Goliath. The 20 best iPhone 7 Plus cases to protect your Apple phone. The Samsung Galaxy S9 is finally here: Here's everything you need to know. Eero now taking pre-orders for its innovative Wi-Fi router. Here are all the Nokia phones HMD Global unveiled at MWC 2018. Add Us To Your Social Channels. Digital Trends helps readers keep tabs on the fast-paced world of tech with all the latest news, fun product reviews, insightful editorials, and one-of-a-kind sneak peeks. 
more ... more .... more ... more .... Android-based Acer Liquid Jade 2 offers up to 1 TB of "hybrid" storage space. Android-based Acer Liquid Jade 2 offers up to 1 TB of "hybrid" storage space. posted by Florin T.. Tags :. Android - Android + MWC2016 - MWC2016 +. Acer today announced a new Android smartphone called Liquid Jade 2. Succeeding the Liquid Jade and Liquid Jade S , the new handset is notable for offering up to 1 TB of hybrid storage. By "hybrid", Acer means that the Jade 2 comes with 32 GB of on board memory, while the rest of up to 1 TB (that's 1,000 GB) is available thanks to cloud storage. According to Acer, cloud and internal storage is "seamlessly" integrated on the new device , but we'll have to wait and see just how well that works. Specs-wise, the Liquid Jade 2 is very similar to the Windows 10-based Liquid Jade Primo - we actually heard that the Primo would have an Android variant , and it looks like that's exactly what the Liquid Jade 2 is. Sporting a 5.5-inch AMOLED display with 1080 x 1920 pixels, the Acer Liquid Jade 2 is not the most compact smartphone out there (but many users are fine with that anyway). Just like the Liquid Jade Primo, the Liquid Jade 2 is powered by a six-core Qualcomm Snapdragon 808 processor, further featuring LTE connectivity, 3 GB of RAM, and a 21 MP rear camera with 4K video recording and phase detection auto focus. The new smartphone also comes with DTS Headphone:X technology, which reportedly provides "an immersive surround sound experience with any pair of headphones ." We assume that the Jade 2 will run Android 6.0 Marshmallow out of the box. Acer did not say when, where, or for what price the Liquid Jade 2 would be released. We're hoping to find out more details at MWC 2016, so check back soon. Galaxy S9 vs iPhone X hands-on: A battle royale. Samsung Galaxy S9 and S9+ hands-on: Worthy of celebrity hands. Sony presents Xperia XZ2 and XZ2 Compact: new design and Snapdragon 845. Galaxy S9+ vs Pixel 2 XL. Samsung Galaxy S9 & S9+ hands-on. The Galaxy S9 and S9+ are official!. (Posts: 386; Member since: 25 Jun 2011). posted on 22 Feb 2016, 08:08. I thought at least the phone would have two SD slots or something like that. (Posts: 1066; Member since: 24 Feb 2014). posted on 22 Feb 2016, 08:57. (Posts: 1518; Member since: 14 Feb 2015). posted on 22 Feb 2016, 09:29. I thought it is physical storage.. (Posts: 1241; Member since: 19 Aug 2015). posted on 22 Feb 2016, 10:04. I thought it would be something like "The phone supports upto 1TB SD card but no 1TB SD card is out there for phones". (Posts: 146; Member since: 21 Jul 2015). posted on 22 Feb 2016, 10:17. (Posts: 678; Member since: 11 Feb 2016). posted on 22 Feb 2016, 14:03. Want to comment? Please login or register .. Android-based Acer Liquid Jade 2 offers up to 1 TB of "hybrid" storage space. Android-based Acer Liquid Jade 2 offers up to 1 TB of "hybrid" storage space. Gear S4 may come with a blood pressure monitor, Samsung patent reveals. Google Pay launches today, but its most important feature is not here yet. Galaxy S9 and S9+ previewed in glorious detail with full specs and release date. Galaxy S9 and S9+ price and release date on Verizon, AT&T, T-Mobile and Best Buy. The Samsung Galaxy S9 and S9+ have game-changing cameras with variable aperture and 960fps slow-mo video recording. The Big Barcelona Camera Comparison: iPhone X vs Pixel 2 XL vs Note 8. Samsung Galaxy S9 and S9+ rumor review: Specs, design, features, price and release date. Sony presents Xperia XZ2 and XZ2 Compact: new design and Snapdragon 845. Galaxy S9 Exynos edition gets benchmarked against rivals!. Galaxy S9 first camera comparison vs iPhone X, V30, S8. Samsung Galaxy S9 & S9+ hands-on. MWC 2018: top smartphones to expect. Best smartphone you can buy in 2018. Allo is a quality app, but Google isn't giving it a real chance. All content (phone reviews, news, specs, info), design and layouts are Copyright 2001-2018 phoneArena.com. Reproduction in whole or in part or in any form or medium without written permission is prohibited! Privacy. 
Our new search experience requires JavaScript to be enabled. Please enable JavaScript on your browser , then try again .. All Categories Antiques Art Baby Books Business & Industrial Cameras & Photo Cell Phones & Accessories Clothing, Shoes & Accessories Coins & Paper Money Collectibles Computers/Tablets & Networking Consumer Electronics Crafts Dolls & Bears DVDs & Movies eBay Motors Entertainment Memorabilia Gift Cards & Coupons Health & Beauty Home & Garden Jewelry & Watches Music Musical Instruments & Gear Pet Supplies Pottery & Glass Real Estate Specialty Services Sporting Goods Sports Mem, Cards & Fan Shop Stamps Tickets & Experiences Toys & Hobbies Travel Video Games & Consoles Everything Else. Hi ( Sign in to bid or buy) Daily Deals Gift Cards Help & Contact Sell. Summary Recently Viewed Bids/Offers Watch List Purchase History Selling Saved Searches Saved Sellers Messages. Refine your search for acer liquid jade. All Listings - Current page. results for acer liquid jade. Save acer liquid jade to get e-mail alerts and updates on your eBay Feed.. Unfollow acer liquid jade to stop getting updates on your eBay Feed.. You'll receive email and Feed alerts when new items arrive. Afghanistan - AFG Albania - ALB Algeria - DZA American Samoa - ASM Andorra - AND Angola - AGO Anguilla - AIA Antigua and Barbuda - ATG Argentina - ARG Armenia - ARM Aruba - ABW Australia - AUS Austria - AUT Azerbaijan Republic - AZE Bahamas - BHS Bahrain - BHR Bangladesh - BGD Barbados - BRB Belarus - BLR Belgium - BEL Belize - BLZ Benin - BEN Bermuda - BMU Bhutan - BTN Bolivia - BOL Bosnia and Herzegovina - BIH Botswana - BWA Brazil - BRA British Virgin Islands - VGB Brunei Darussalam - BRN Bulgaria - BGR Burkina Faso - BFA Burma - MMR Burundi - BDI Cambodia - KHM Cameroon - CMR Canada - CAN Cape Verde Islands - CPV Cayman Islands - CYM Central African Republic - CAF Chad - TCD Chile - CHL China - CHN Colombia - COL Comoros - COM Congo, Democratic Republic of the - COD Congo, Republic of the - COG Cook Islands - COK Costa Rica - CRI Cote d Ivoire (Ivory Coast) - CIV Croatia, Republic of - HRV Cyprus - CYP Czech Republic - CZE Denmark - DNK Djibouti - DJI Dominica - DMA Dominican Republic - DOM Ecuador - ECU Egypt - EGY El Salvador - SLV Equatorial Guinea - GNQ Eritrea - ERI Estonia - EST Ethiopia - ETH Falkland Islands (Islas Malvinas) - FLK Fiji - FJI Finland - FIN France - FRA French Guiana - GUF French Polynesia - PYF Gabon Republic - GAB Gambia - GMB Georgia - GEO Germany - DEU Ghana - GHA Gibraltar - GIB Greece - GRC Greenland - GRL Grenada - GRD Guadeloupe - GLP Guam - GUM Guatemala - GTM Guernsey - GGY Guinea - GIN Guinea-Bissau - GNB Guyana - GUY Haiti - HTI Honduras - HND Hong Kong - HKG Hungary - HUN Iceland - ISL India - IND Indonesia - IDN Ireland - IRL Israel - ISR Italy - ITA Jamaica - JAM Japan - JPN Jersey - JEY Jordan - JOR Kazakhstan - KAZ Kenya - KEN Kiribati - KIR Korea, South - KOR Kuwait - KWT Kyrgyzstan - KGZ Laos - LAO Latvia - LVA Lebanon - LBN Liechtenstein - LIE Lithuania - LTU Luxembourg - LUX Macau - MAC Macedonia - MKD Madagascar - MDG Malawi - MWI Malaysia - MYS Maldives - MDV Mali - MLI Malta - MLT Marshall Islands - MHL Martinique - MTQ Mauritania - MRT Mauritius - MUS Mayotte - MYT Mexico - MEX Micronesia - FSM Moldova - MDA Monaco - MCO Mongolia - MNG Montenegro - MNE Montserrat - MSR Morocco - MAR Mozambique - MOZ Namibia - NAM Nauru - NRU Nepal - NPL Netherlands - NLD Netherlands Antilles - ANT New Caledonia - NCL New Zealand - NZL Nicaragua - NIC Niger - NER Nigeria - NGA Niue - NIU Norway - NOR Oman - OMN Pakistan - PAK Palau - PLW Panama - PAN Papua New Guinea - PNG Paraguay - PRY Peru - PER Philippines - PHL Poland - POL Portugal - PRT Puerto Rico - PRI Qatar - QAT Reunion - REU Romania - ROU Russian Federation - RUS Rwanda - RWA Saint Helena - SHN Saint Kitts-Nevis - KNA Saint Lucia - LCA Saint Pierre and Miquelon - SPM Saint Vincent and the Grenadines - VCT San Marino - SMR Saudi Arabia - SAU Senegal - SEN Serbia - SRB Seychelles - SYC Sierra Leone - SLE Singapore - SGP Slovakia - SVK Slovenia - SVN Solomon Islands - SLB Somalia - SOM South Africa - ZAF Spain - ESP Sri Lanka - LKA Suriname - SUR Swaziland - SWZ Sweden - SWE Switzerland - CHE Taiwan - TWN Tajikistan - TJK Tanzania - TZA Thailand - THA Togo - TGO Tonga - TON Trinidad and Tobago - TTO Tunisia - TUN Turkey - TUR Turkmenistan - TKM Turks and Caicos Islands - TCA Tuvalu - TUV Uganda - UGA Ukraine - UKR United Arab Emirates - ARE United Kingdom - UK United States - USA Uruguay - URU Uzbekistan - UZB Vanuatu - VUT Vatican City State - VAT Venezuela - VEN Vietnam - VNM Virgin Islands (U.S) - VIR Wallis and Futuna - WLF Western Sahara - ESH Western Samoa - WSM Yemen - YEM Zambia - ZMB Zimbabwe - ZWE. For Acer Liquid Jade Z New TPU Matte Gel skin soft Case cover. Tempered Glass Screen Protector Protective Film For Acer Liquid Zest Zest Plus. For Acer Liquid Jade S S56 Z S57 Soft Gel Case Cover Fish Bee Ladybug Deer Beast. For Acer Liquid Jade S S56 Z S57 Stylish Silk PU Leather Stand Flip Cover Case. Soft Pudding TPU Gel Silicone Protector Cover cellphone Case skin For Acer. Card Holder Wallet Flip PU Leather Phone Case Cover For Acer WIKO Nokia Doogee. For 5" Acer Liquid Jade Z Smartphone Multi-Color Leather Stand Flip Case Cover. For Acer liquid Jade Z530 (White Black) Digitizer Touch Screen Glass Parts. For Acer Liquid Jade S S56 Z S57 Halloween Soft Case Cover Ghost Mask Pumpkin. For Acer Liquid Jade 2 Jade Primo Christmas Soft TPU Case Cover 2018 New Year. For Acer Liquid Jade 2 Primo Luxury Clover Case Flip Cover Wallet Holster New. For Acer Liquid Jade S S56 Z S57 Luxury Clover Case Flip Cover Wallet Holster. For Acer Liquid Jade S S56 Z S57 Vivid Leaf Straps Case Flip Cover Wallet. For Acer Liquid Jade S S56 Z S57 Stylish Silk PU Leather Stand Flip Cover Case. For Acer Liquid Jade S S56 Z S57 Retro Embossed Palace Case Cover Flip Elegant. For Acer Liquid Jade S S56 Z S57 Christmas Soft TPU Case Cover 2018 New Year. For Acer Liquid Jade S S56 Z S57 Palace PU Leather Buckle Case Cover Flip Wallet. For Acer Liquid Jade S S56 Z S57 Soft Case Cover Batman Angry Eye Cat Insect. Bulletproof Glass for Acer Liquid Jade S S56 / Z S57 Genuine Screen Protector. For Acer Liquid Jade S S56 Z S57 Windbell Batman Letters Soft Rubber Case Cover. For Acer Liquid Jade S S56 Z S57 Card Slot Wallet Stand Flip Cover Case Cartoon. For Acer Liquid Jade 2 Jade Primo 5.5" Card Slot Wallet Stand Flip Cover Case. For Acer Liquid Jade S S56 Z S57 Luxury Clover Case Flip Cover Wallet Holster. For Acer Liquid Jade S S56 Z S57 Vivid Leaf Straps Case Flip Cover Wallet. For Acer liquid Jade 2 Z630 Zest Z6 Plus X2 Leopard PU Leather Flip Cover Case. Genuine LCD and Touch Screen for Acer Liquid Jade S55 Pantalla Tactil LCD. BNIB ACER LIQUID JADE PRIMO 32GB DUAL-SIM BLACK FACTORY UNLOCKED 4G/LTE GSM. For Acer Liquid Zest Plus Z628 Premium PU Leather Wallet Card Flip Case Cover. TPU Silicone Phone Protective Cover for Acer Liquid Jade Z S57 Flip Case. TPU Silicone Phone Protective Case for Acer Liquid Jade S S56 Flip Cover. Original LCD and Touch Screen Assembly for Acer Liquid Jade S55 Pantalla Tactil. For Acer Liquid Jade S S56 Z S57 Leaf Embossed PU Leather Case Flip Cover Stand. For Acer Liquid Jade Z - Clip On PU Leather Wallet Case & Powerbank. 2016 Shockproof Wallet Flip Leather Case For Acer Liquid Mobile phones. For Acer Liquid Jade - Clip On Fabric / PU Leather Wallet Case Cover. For Acer Liquid Jade Z - Clip On Fabric / PU Leather Wallet Case Cover. For Acer Liquid Jade - Clip On PU Leather Wallet Case & Earphone. For Acer Liquid Jade S S56 Z S57 Kickstand Ring Soft TPU Case Cover Stand Batman. For Acer Liquid Jade S S56 Z S57 Halloween Soft TPU Case Cover Witch Cat Pumpkin. For ACER Liquid phone Case Wallet Fashion Cute Design Pattern Cover. Genuine LCD and Touch Screen for Acer Liquid Jade Z S57 Pantalla Tactil Display. For Acer Liquid Jade 2 - PU Leather Flip Case Cover With Clip Function. For Acer Liquid Jade S S56 Z S57 Retro Embossed Palace Flower Case Cover Flip. Luxury Leather Wallet Cover Skin Book Flip Stand Case For Acer Series Phones. Tempered Glass Screen Protector Protective Film For Acer Liquid Z530 Z630 Jade Z. For Acer Liquid Jade Primo - Sports Gym Fitness Armband Case Cover & Handsfree. For Acer Liquid Jade Primo - Horizontal PU Leather Pouch Belt Clip Case. For Acer Liquid Jade Primo - Clip On PU Leather Flip Case Cover Pouch. For Acer Liquid Jade Primo - Premium PU Leather Belt Pouch Holster Case Cover. For Acer Liquid Jade Primo - Clip On PU Leather Flip Wallet Book Case Cover. For Acer Liquid Jade 2 / Jade Primo Flip PU Leather Wallet Card Case Stand Cover. For Acer Liquid Jade Z - Clip Printed Series PU Leather Wallet Case. For Acer Liquid Jade - Clip Printed Series PU Leather Wallet Case. Colorful Flip Card Holder Stand PU Wallet Leather Case Cover For Phone Cute Skin. Protective Cover for Acer Liquid Jade S S56 Phone Briefcase Plastic TPU Case. For Acer Liquid Jade S S56 Z S57 Windbell Batman Letters Soft Rubber Case Cover. For Acer Liquid Jade S S56 Z S57 Retro Clover PU Leather Case Holster Flip Cover. eBay determines this price through a machine learned model of the product's sale prices within the last 90 days.. eBay determines trending price through a machine learned model of the product’s sale prices within the last 90 days. "New" refers to a brand-new, unused, unopened, undamaged item, and "Used" refers to an item that has been used previously.. Top Rated Plus Sellers with highest buyer ratings Returns, money back Ships in a business day with tracking Learn More. Top Rated Plus Sellers with highest buyer ratings Returns, money back Ships in a business day with tracking Learn More. Cell Phones, Smart Watches & Accessories. Cell Phone Cases, Covers & Skins. $ Enter minimum price to $ Enter maximum price. Please enter a minimum and/or maximum price before continuing.. Site Map Copyright © 1995-2018 eBay Inc. Accessibility , User Agreement , Privacy , Cookies and AdChoice Norton Secured - powered by Verisign. Number of bids and bid amounts may be slightly out of date. See each listing for international shipping options and costs.. 
Product Reviews Components Cases CPUs Cooling Graphics Memory Motherboards Power Supplies Storage Peripherals Keyboards Mice Monitors Virtual Reality Systems Builds Desktops Laptops Gaming. Acer Liquid Zest, Liquid Jade 2 Announced At MWC, No U.S. February 22, 2016 at 3:40 PM. Acer announced two new phones at the Mobile World Congress, the Liquid Zest and the Liquid Jade 2.. The Liquid Zest, which also has an LTE variant called the Liquid Zest 4G, comes with a 5” IPS screen with an 1280x720 resolution, an 8MP rear camera with f/2.0 lens and auto-focus, and a 5MP camera with a wide-angle lens for better capturing selfies. The Liquid Zest is powered by an older quad-core 1.3 GHz, whereas the Liquid Zest 4G is powered by a newer quad-core 1.0 GHz processor with integrated LTE.. DTS Sound Studio is supported on the Liquid Zest, while DTS HD Premium Sound is available on the Liquid Zest 4G for an even bigger sound field and higher vocal clarity. The Liquid Zest will be available in April for 109 euro, and the Liquid Zest 4G will start shipping in May for 149 euro. Both will arrive in EMEA (Europe, Middle East, and Africa) countries first.. The Liquid Jade 2 has a larger 5.5” AMOLED display with Full HD (1920x1080) resolution that supports 100% of the NTSC color gamut, which covers an even bigger spectrum of colors than sRGB. What that means is the display should show quite life-like colors. The phone also has support for high-resolution audio with virtual surround sound powered by DTS Headphone:X.. The Liquid Jade 2 has a much higher-resolution 21MP rear camera compared to the Liquid Zest, and a much faster autofocus system, as well. It also supports 4k video recording. On the front, there’s an 8MP camera, which has an 84-degree wide angle lens and “Pause N Shoot” selfie mode.. The device comes with a hexa-core Qualcomm Snapdragon 808 processor (four Cortex-A53 cores and two Cortex-A57 cores), 3 GB RAM and 32 GB of internal storage, which can be expanded with up to 1 TB cloud storage.. Acer didn’t unveil when the higher-end Liquid Jade 2 will be available for sale, nor its price.. Lucian Armasu is a Contributing Writer for Tom's Hardware. Lucian Armasu is a Contributing Writer for Tom's Hardware US. He covers software news and the issues surrounding privacy and security.. Create a new thread in the News comments forum about this subject. This thread is closed for comments. So much Starcraft in that name.. I think they've really embraced people's common mistake of reading their logo upside down. I laugh every time I see the new Jade products.. So much starcraft in that name.. Samsung Galaxy S7 And S7 Edge Preview. LG Takes On Samsung With VR Headset And Camera, We Go Eyes-On. HP Wants Back In: The Elite X3 Windows 10 Smartphone And 'Dumb' Laptop. © 2018 Purch All Rights Reserved.. 
Acer Liquid Jade 2 - user opinions and reviews. Pages: 1 2 ». Why is this not available in Belgium. why was the battery features is not indicated in the specificatons?. Is this a Same hardware in liquids jade primo?. Why can't I buy this phone anywhere over one year after release?. Acer Liquid Jade 2 specs, features. Memory: 32GB of internal storage, microSD card slot. Connectivity: LTE Cat.9, WiFi ac, BT 4.1, GPS,. Ports and charging: microUSB 2.0/3.0, Quick Charge 2.0/3.0. Battery capacity: expected to be around 2800mAh battery. ReesanVaine, 22 Dec 2016 since it uses the snapdragon 808. does it have bootloop problems like the LG G4? No it won't bootloop like the G4. The problem with G4 is on hardware failure with loose contacts on its motherboard and a component thus resulting bootloop.. since it uses the snapdragon 808. does it have bootloop problems like the LG G4?. I'm also very interested, because need LTE: still waiting since ? weeks for this phone. Given the fact and assume that the battery might be near to 300mAh or lower how about Quickcharge? the device looks spot on and I've already been through the store but the device is still not in sale. Even the sales staff of Acer doesn't know anything about this phone.. still could not find it anywhere. Proud owner of Acer Z500, E700 and X2. I want snapdragon in my acer phone.. What is so damn wrong with this model? Waiting so very long. Week after week and month after month but it is very disappointed with acer marketing strategy. I'm proud and satisfied owner of previous 3 acer phones, liquid e3, liquid 700 and liquid x2 but waiting this model make me so very frustrate with acer. Kudos acer for keep your loyal customer switch to other brand!!!. September, and still can't find it anywhere in the whole world :(. It'become august, but this phone still dosn't sell. battry should be 3000mah. My dearest....I have a question from Acer of unknown from made!!!?Why all Acer production almost carry LIQUID names with them!?I think 21 century dictionaries have more beautiful names in them!!Liquid mostly evaporates into vapor and gas but beautiful names become more and the most everlasting beauties!!!Doesn't Acer think so too'!!!?What about Nice One,Two,Three,4 etc.Dream 1,2,3,4,etc!!!?Aren't they more plausible and unforgettables!!!?Dearest Asus I know 4 languages and understand 9,if you need more technical electronic suggestions free of charge if you desire!!Thanks gsmArena for releasing constructive suggestions sharings knowledge!!Any hopes of listening Acer and fundamental changes!!!?Hopefully!!!Justice Rights.Omid12omidvar.Only Hope..... where start selling in Malaysia..?? who can answers me assp. Pages: 1 2 ». Total of 36 user reviews and opinions for Acer Liquid Jade 2 .. Samsung Apple Nokia Sony LG HTC Motorola Huawei Microsoft Lenovo Xiaomi Google Acer Asus Oppo OnePlus Meizu BlackBerry Alcatel ZTE Toshiba Vodafone Energizer XOLO Lava Micromax BLU Gionee vivo LeEco Panasonic HP YU verykool Maxwest Plum. Acer Liquid Jade 2 and Liquid Zest hands-on. Acer Liquid Z520 Acer Liquid Z220 Acer Liquid Z320 Acer Iconia Talk S Acer Liquid Z6 Plus Acer Liquid Z200. 
The next video is starting stop. Want to watch this again later?. Sign in to add this video to a playlist.. Sign in to report inappropriate content.. Sign in to make your opinion count.. Sign in to make your opinion count.. The interactive transcript could not be loaded.. Rating is available when the video has been rented.. This feature is not available right now. Segui Notebook Italia per essere informato in anteprima su fiere ed eventi e sugli ultimi tablet, computer portatili, smartphone, wearable e mini-PC Facebook: https://www.facebook.com/notebookitalia Twitter: https://twitter.com/notebookitalia Google+: https://plus.google.com/+notebookitalia YouTube: http://youtube.com/user/notebookitalia. When autoplay is enabled, a suggested video will automatically play next.. Acer Liquid Jade 2 - pierwsze wrażenia MWC2016. Acer Liquid Jade Z Unboxing & First Look. Acer Jade Primo - Unboxing und Hands-On (deutsch). Triple SIM Phone - Acer Liquid X2 Unboxing [4K]. Acer Liquid Jade 2 - Hands On. Acer Liquid Jade 2: First Look | Hands on. Acer Liquid Jade 2 - Review, Unboxing and Specifications. Acer Liquid Jade 2 (MWC 2016). Acer Liquid Z630s Hands on Review, Camera, Features. Acer Liquid Jade - Review Indonesia. Acer | Liquid Jade 2 Smartphone. MWC 2016 : Acer Liquid Jade 2 & Acer Liquid Zest. How to disassemble 📱 Acer Liquid E3 E380 Take apart Tutorial. ACER Jade Primo: Windows 10 Gets a Shiny Smartphone. Acer Liquid Z530 Smartphone Unboxing, Hands-on & First Impressions. Sign in to add this to Watch Later. 
The next video is starting stop. Acer | Liquid Jade 2 Smartphone. Want to watch this again later?. Sign in to add this video to a playlist.. Sign in to report inappropriate content.. Sign in to make your opinion count.. Sign in to make your opinion count.. Rating is available when the video has been rented.. This feature is not available right now. Embrace the things that you love and discover the things you didn't know you did with the full-featured and boldly styled Acer Liquid Jade 2.. When autoplay is enabled, a suggested video will automatically play next.. Acer Liquid X2 Smartphone – twin cameras for exploring your world. Acer’s Liquid Jade Primo smartphone – Multitasking. Acer Liquid Jade 2 - Review, Unboxing and Specifications. Acer Liquid Jade - Review Indonesia. Acer Jade Primo Windows phone unboxing. Acer Liquid Jade 2 - Hands On. Acer Liquid Jade 2: First Look | Hands on. Acer Liquid Jade 2 (MWC 2016). Acer | Chromebook 14 for Work. Acer Liquid Jade Z – Show a brighter you (Features & Highlights). Acer Liquid Jade Z Unboxing & First Look. Acer Liquid Zest Plus Review - 3 day battery in a smartphone?. Liquid Jade 2 Full Specification and Features. Acer | Liquid Zest Plus Smartphone. Sign in to add this to Watch Later. 
Select the department you want to search in. Sign in Account & Lists Sign in Account & Lists Orders Try Prime Cart. Your Amazon.com Today's Deals Gift Cards Registry Sell Help Disability Customer Support. Toys & Games Deals STEM Toys Preschool Toys Boys' Toys Girls' Toys Best Sellers New Releases Kids' Birthdays. Only 6 left in stock - order soon.. Turn on 1-Click ordering for this browser. Please enter a valid US zip code.. Please enter a valid US zip code.. Shipping to a APO/FPO/DPO? Please add the address to your address book. Make sure you include the unit and box numbers (if assigned).. Acer Liquid Jade 2, Acer Liquid Jade Primo Smart Phone Protective Carrying Cover Case with card holders "Denim Series". Be the first to review this item. 5% off purchase of 2 items. Only 6 left in stock - order soon.. Ships from and sold by Neviss .. Universal Phone Slim Folio Flip Case for phones between 6.0"-6.6" H. Constructed with Precise Stitching and internally lined with PU Leather Plus Plastic 3 point shell securely holds cellphone in place. Internal phone case is lined with 3 card slots and a qucik slot for cash. Self Supporting Stand Option for Media viewing. Option of rear camera access by sliding the shell upright *PLEASE NOTE* Not all phone models camera will be accessible with the camera opening.. This shopping feature will continue to load items. In order to navigate out of this carousel please use your heading shortcut key to navigate to the next or previous heading.. Page 1 of 1 Start over Page 1 of 1. Lenovo Phab 2 Plus Case, Fettion Premium PU Leather Wallet Flip Phone Protective Case Cover with Card Slots, Stand Feature and Magnetic Closure for Lenovo Phab 2 Plus Smartphone (Wallet - Black). ZTE Lever case, LUXCA (TM) Wallet Pouch Dual-use Flip Pu Leather Case Cover w/ Hand Strap Folio Stand Id Credit Card / Cash Slots and Inner Pocket (Tulip Flower). Lenovo Phab 2 Pro Case, Fettion Premium PU Leather Wallet Flip Phone Protective Case Cover with Card Slots, Stand Feature and Magnetic Closure for Lenovo Phab 2 Pro Smartphone (Wallet - Black). Zenfone 3 Deluxe Case, Zenfone ZS570KL Wallet Case TOMYOU Suede Leather Scratch-resistant Built in Card Slots Holder Kickstand Cover for Asus Zenfone 3 Deluxe ZS570KL (5.7 inch) Black. Blu Pure XL , BLU Energy XL, BLU Studio X6 Smart Phone Protective Carrying Cover Case with card holders "Denim Series". Cevlar Apple iPhone 7 Plus Plus iPhone 7s Plus Plus Tri Layer Wallet Phone Case Flip Phone Cover with ID Slot, Purple. 2018 PROMO -Save 5% on Qualifying items offered by Neviss when you purchase 2 or more Here's how (restrictions apply) 2018 PROMO -Save 10% on Qualifying items offered by Neviss when you purchase 3 or more Here's how (restrictions apply). Find answers in product info, Q&As, reviews. Please make sure that you are posting in the form of a question.. Don't see what you're looking for?. There was a problem completing your request. Please try your search again later.. Universal Phone Case Carrier with card and cash holder. Fits most models from all carries. For more products and styles type Neviss into the Amazon search bar to shop!. 4.8 ounces ( View shipping rates and policies ). Be the first to review this item. If you are a seller for this product, would you like to suggest updates through seller support ?. Would you like to tell us about a lower price ?. There are no customer reviews yet.. 5 star 5 star (0%) 0% 4 star 4 star (0%) 0% 3 star 3 star (0%) 0% 2 star 2 star (0%) 0% 1 star 1 star (0%) 0%. Share your thoughts with other customers. There's a problem loading this menu right now.. Get fast, free shipping with Amazon Prime. Prime members enjoy FREE Two-Day Shipping and exclusive access to music, movies, TV shows, original audio series, and Kindle books.. Careers About Amazon Investor Relations Amazon Devices. Sell on Amazon Sell Your Services on Amazon Sell on Amazon Business Sell Your Apps on Amazon Become an Affiliate Advertise Your Products Self-Publish with Us › See all. Amazon Rewards Visa Signature Cards Amazon.com Store Card Amazon.com Corporate Credit Line Shop with Points Credit Card Marketplace Reload Your Balance Amazon Currency Converter. Your Account Your Orders Shipping Rates & Policies Amazon Prime Returns & Replacements Manage Your Content and Devices Amazon Assistant Help. Amazon Music Stream millions of songs. Amazon Drive Cloud storage from Amazon. 6pm Score deals on fashion brands. AbeBooks Books, art & collectibles. ACX Audiobook Publishing Made Easy. Alexa Actionable Analytics for the Web. Amazon Business Everything For Your Business. AmazonFresh Groceries & More Right To Your Door. AmazonGlobal Ship Orders Internationally. Home Services Handpicked Pros Happiness Guarantee. Amazon Inspire Digital Educational Resources. Amazon Rapids Fun stories for kids on the go. Amazon Restaurants Food delivery from local restaurants. Amazon Video Direct Video Distribution Made Easy. Amazon Web Services Scalable Cloud Computing Services. Audible Download Audio Books. AudiobookStand Discount Audiobooks on Disc. Book Depository Books With Free Delivery Worldwide. Box Office Mojo Find Movie Box Office Data. ComiXology Thousands of Digital Comics. CreateSpace Indie Print Publishing Made Easy. DPReview Digital Photography. East Dane Designer Men's Fashion. Fabric Sewing, Quilting & Knitting. Goodreads Book reviews & recommendations. IMDb Movies, TV & Celebrities. IMDbPro Get Info Entertainment Professionals Need. Junglee.com Shop Online in India. Kindle Direct Publishing Indie Digital Publishing Made Easy. Prime Now FREE 2-Hour Delivery on Everyday Items. Prime Photos Unlimited Photo Storage Free With Prime. Shopbop Designer Fashion Brands. TenMarks.com Math Activities for Kids & Schools. Warehouse Deals Open-Box Discounts. Whole Foods Market America’s Healthiest Grocery Store. Withoutabox Submit to Film Festivals. Woot! Deals and Shenanigans. Zappos Shoes & Clothing. Souq.com Shop Online in the Middle East. Subscribe with Amazon Discover & try subscription services. Conditions of Use Privacy Notice Interest-Based Ads © 1996-2018, Amazon.com, Inc. 
HANDS ON PREVIEW: Every last detail leaked, but Samsung’s Galaxy S9 still blew me away. This 1TB Android phone sounds too good to be true… because it is. February 23rd, 2016 at 8:25 AM. At MWC 2016 on Tuesday, Acer unveiled a new budget phone called the. Acer Liquid Jade 2, which has one amazing trick up its sleeve: 1TB of hybrid storage. Did Acer just fix one of our biggest. problems with this affordable new smartphone?. iPhone 6s: The 5 most important ways Samsung outshines Apple. memory magic, let’s talk design and specs.. The phone has a 5.5-inch AMOLED display with Full HD resolution, which means it’ll deliver a great viewing experience. you’ll find on Samsung and LG’s latest phones, but this is going to be a wallet-friendly handset when it launches later this year, so you can’t expect it to pack all the bells and whistles found on flagship handsets.. A curved 2.5D Corning Gorilla Glass screen protects the display, and the phone’s slim profile makes it easy to hold and operate. Mind you, this is still a big handset, so if phablets aren’t for you it would be wise to look elsewhere.. a hexa-core Qualcomm Snapdragon 808 processor, 3GB of RAM, 21-megapixel main camera with 4K video recording support, 8-megapixel front camera, DTS Headphone:X technology for virtual surround sound, LTE Cat. 6 support, and 802.11ac dual-band MIMO wireless support.. The phone runs Android 6.0 and comes with a USB Type-C port, however it lacks a fingerprint sensor – and I only mention its absence because fingerprint support is one of the main features of Google’s latest operating system.. Now let’s get down to storage!. As you probably expected, you can’t have 1TB of storage on a phone. Well, you can, but it’ll probably cost you an arm and a leg, not to mention you’d probably get terrible. The Acer Liquid Jade 2 has 32GB of built-in storage, with everything else packed in the cloud. Acer’s press release says the phone “seamlessly integrates local storage with cloud storage on select models,” and will tell you the same thing when you ask about how everything works.. In theory, that high-speed wireless and cellular support we mentioned earlier should ensure you’re going to get your cloud data as fast as possible. But not everyone buying a budget phone will have limitless cellular data, not to mention the fact that LTE Cat. 6 is not something you can find just anywhere.. So local storage matters a lot, and 32GB is all you get. Sure, you can expand it with microSD cars up to 128GB (possibly all the way up to 200GB), but the remaining data that goes in the cloud is what might be more worrisome.. From what I’ve seen at Acer’s booth, just one phone had the app needed to manage all your cloud data, and it was running a freeware version of Astro to handle it. That’s how you get up to 1TB of data on the phone. As you can see in some of these images, the app also lets you access data from various other cloud services, including Google and Facebook data. But it’s not exactly a seamless, user-friendly experience.. It’s not clear what data goes where, and that might be a bit worrisome as you’ll likely want to access some of it even when there’s no dependable Internet in reach. Acer also said that you’ll be able to access your cloud data using a browser, without providing any additional. On the other hand, it’s very likely that the app data you need most will still sit on your phone while photos, media and other files will be saved in the cloud. Whatever the case, the solution clearly isn’t as elegant or innovative as the one we saw in the Nextbit Robin .. Pricing details aren’t available for the new Acer phone, and it’s not clear how much cloud storage will cost. you can be assured that you’ll also have to pay for that as well.. Tags: Acer , Liquid , MWC 2016. 10 Netflix movies and shows you should watch before they’re removed in March. MWC 2018: Watch live as Sony unveils its answer to the Galaxy S9. If aliens exist, here’s what they most likely look like. This discounted multi-use slow cooker is so good, it’ll make John Legere jealous. Amazon just slashed 25% off its popular Fire TV Stick in a surprise sale. This discounted multi-use slow cooker is so good, it’ll make John Legere jealous. Amazon just slashed 25% off its popular Fire TV Stick in a surprise sale. Forget the phones at MWC 2018, pick up the all-screen LG Q6 on Amazon for just $160. Apple’s $200 AirPower will supposedly launch next month, but this $36 model is available now. Amazon has a $27 multi-color LED light strip that syncs to your music. Amazon just slashed 25% off its popular Fire TV Stick in a surprise sale. By Maren Estrada 20 hours ago. Watch live as Huawei kicks off the first big event of MWC 2018. By Chris Smith 22 hours ago. If aliens exist, here’s what they most likely look like. By Mike Wehner 19 hours ago. Powered by WordPress.com VIP | Privacy Policy | Your Privacy Rights | Terms Of Use. 
Home › English Community › Products › Smartphones & Wearables › Android Phones. Aspire, E and F Series Laptops. Swift, Spin, S and R Series Laptops. Gateway, eMachines and Packard Bell Laptops. Gateway, eMachines and Packard Bell Desktops. search subcategories search archived. discussions questions comments answers. Examples: Monday, today, last week, Mar 26, 3/26/04. It looks like you're new here. If you want to get involved, click one of these buttons!. Free 25 GB of Dropbox Space. Register your Acer device and get 25GB of space free for 1 year!. to get all the benefits. Get social and introduce yourself in our. or learn about our ACE Program. Get Support, Drivers or Manuals from Acer. Find your Model Number (Windows only). The opinions expressed on Acer Community are the personal opinions of the authors, not of Acer. By using this site, you accept Acer's Privacy Policy and the. This email address has already been registered.. By signing up, I accept the terms of the Acer Privacy Policy. This website is best viewed using Internet Explorer 10+, Chrome, Safari and newer browsers.. 
Largest Gadget Discovery Site in India. OnePlus 5T Xiaomi Redmi 5A Apple iPhone X Honor 7X Oppo F5. Acer Liquid Jade 2 is currently out of stock. Here are similar products that are available in store. Acer Liquid Jade 2 Price in India. Updated on: Feb 26, 2018. Acer Liquid Jade 2 details Powerful configuration Gorilla glass screen Excellent cameras Ample battery life Non-expandable memory Non-removable battery Read more. The Acer Liquid Jade 2 impresses with its overall features and specs. The key highlights of the phone are its configuration and cameras which make it a device worth checking out. However, no expandable memory card slot limits the storage space.. A smartphone with powerful specs and elegant design. The Acer Liquid Jade 2 features a large 5.5-inch AMOLED multi touch display of 1080 x 1920 pixels (Full HD) resolution. It has Gorilla glass screen protection which resists user marks and scratches.The Zero Air Gap technology improves the vision under sunlight. It has mighty configuration of 1.8GHz hexa-core Qualcomm Snapdragon 808 MSM8992 processor along with 3GB of RAM for consistent performance. The gaming department is well sustained with Adreno 418 Graphics memory to handle high end games smoothly. It runs on Marshmallow Android v6.0 version.. The device is backed by a 21MP rear camera with fast autofocus and dual led flash to click quality pictures. At the front, it has 8MP camera with 84-degree wide angle lens to enhance the selfie experience. It comes with 32GB of on-board storage which is non-expandable in nature.. The Acer Liquid Jade 2 is supported by a 3,000mAh li-polymer battery which runs for ample hours. In terms of connectivity, the device is well sustained with 4G connectivity to enjoy the fast speed surfing and other connectivity features include Wi-Fi 802.11, a/ac/b/g/n/n 5GHz, Bluetooth and U.S.B among others.. This product is currently not available in any online store.. Apply for a credit card on bankbazaar.com, and get free Amazon vouchers worth Rs. Hexa Core (1.8 GHz, Dual Core + 1.44 GHz, Quad core). Performance ▾. Group: All Phones Based on specs, benchmarks & expert ratings. Display ▾. Group: All Phones Based on specs, benchmarks & expert ratings. Camera ▾. Rear Camera compared to. Group: All Phones Based on specs, benchmarks & expert ratings. Battery ▾. Group: All Phones Based on specs, benchmarks & expert ratings. See Phones with Best Battery Life. Supports Indian bands 32 GB, Non Expandable Dual SIM: Nano + Nano Gorilla Glass FM Radio. Acer Liquid Jade 2 is currently out of stock. Here are similar products that are available in store. Acer Liquid Jade 2 Specifications. 4G: Available (supports Indian bands) 3G: Available, 2G: Available. Group: All Phones Based on specs, benchmarks & expert ratings See Slimmest Phones. Group: All Phones Based on specs, benchmarks & expert ratings See Lightest Phones. 5.5 inches (13.97 cm) Screen Resolution. Full HD (1080 x 1920 pixels) Pixel Density. Corning Gorilla Glass, Scratch-resistant glass Touch Screen. Capacitive Touchscreen, Multi-touch Screen to Body Ratio. Group: All Phones Based on specs, benchmarks & expert ratings See Phones with Best Display. Pixel Density compared to. Group: All Phones Based on specs, benchmarks & expert ratings See Phones with Sharpest Screen. Hexa Core (1.8 GHz, Dual core, ARM Cortex A57 + 1.44 GHz, Quad core, Cortex A53). Group: All Phones Based on specs, benchmarks & expert ratings See Best Performance Phones. Group: All Phones Based on specs, benchmarks & expert ratings See Phones with Best Processor. Dual core, 1.8 GHz, ARM Cortex A57 + Quad core, 1.44 GHz Cortex A53, Chipset: Qualcomm MSM8992 Snapdragon 808. Quad core, 1.2 GHz, Cortex A7, Chipset: Spreadtrum SC7731G. Dual core, 2.53 GHz, Monsoon + Quad core, 1.42 GHz Mistral, Chipset: Apple A11 Bionic. Group: All Phones Based on specs, benchmarks & expert ratings See Phones with Highest RAM. Group: All Phones Based on specs, benchmarks & expert ratings See Phones with Best Storage. Internal Memory compared to. Group: All Phones Based on specs, benchmarks & expert ratings See Phones with Highest Internal Memory. Exposure compensation, ISO control Shooting Modes. Continuos Shooting, High Dynamic Range mode (HDR) Camera Features. Digital Zoom, Auto Flash, Digital image stabilization, Face detection, Touch to focus Video Recording. Rear Camera compared to. Group: All Phones Based on specs, benchmarks & expert ratings See Best Rear Camera Phones. Main Camera compared to. Group: All Phones Based on specs, benchmarks & expert ratings See Phones with Best Main Camera. Front Camera compared to. Group: All Phones Based on specs, benchmarks & expert ratings See Phones with Highest Front Camera Resolution. Group: All Phones Based on specs, benchmarks & expert ratings See Phones with Best Battery Life. SIM1: Nano, SIM2: Nano Network Support. 4G (supports Indian bands), 3G, 2G SIM 1 SIM 2 Wi-Fi. Wi-Fi 802.11, a/ac/b/g/n/n 5GHz Wi-Fi Features. Mass storage device, USB charging USB Type-C. TD-LTE 2300(band 40) FD-LTE 2100(band 1) / 1800(band 3) / 2600(band 7) / 800(band 20). GSM 1800 / 1900 / 850 / 900 MHz. TD-LTE 2300(band 40) FD-LTE 2100(band 1) / 1800(band 3) / 2600(band 7) / 800(band 20). GSM 1800 / 1900 / 850 / 900 MHz. Disclaimer: The price & specs shown may be different from actual. Please confirm on the retailer site before purchasing. Competitors for Acer Liquid Jade 2. Show only Android Acer Phablet Dual SIM Camera 2 MP & above Camera 5 MP & above Camera 8 MP & above Camera 12 MP & above. I don't want to see this. Octa core 2.0 GHz vs Dual core 1.8 GHz. Higher battery capacity: 4100 mAH vs 3000 mAH. Lower primary camera resolution: 13 MP vs 21 MP. OS: Android Screen size: 5.5 inches RAM: 3 GB SIM card slots: 2 Pixel density: 401 ppi Internal Memory: 32 GB Thickness: 8.4 mm 65 people compared together. Lower secondary camera resolution: 5 MP vs 8 MP. More weight: 165 grams vs 150 grams. I don't want to see this. Dual core 2.5 GHz vs Dual core 1.8 GHz. More RAM: 4 GB vs 3 GB. Lesser thickness: 7.5 mm vs 8.4 mm. OS: Android Screen size: 5.5 inches Primary camera: 21 MP Battery capacity: 3000 mAH SIM card slots: 2 Pixel density: 401 ppi Internal Memory: 32 GB 75 people compared together. More weight: 153 grams vs 150 grams. I don't want to see this. Quad core 1.5 GHz vs Dual core 1.8 GHz. Higher pixel density: 441 ppi vs 401 ppi. Lesser thickness: 8 mm vs 8.4 mm. OS: Android RAM: 3 GB SIM card slots: 2 Internal Memory: 32 GB 91 people compared together. Lesser weight: 138 grams vs 150 grams. Smaller screen : 5 inches vs 5.5 inches. Lower primary camera resolution: 16 MP vs 21 MP. Lower battery capacity: 2800 mAH vs 3000 mAH. I don't want to see this. Quad core 1.3 GHz vs Dual core 1.8 GHz. Smaller screen : 5 inches vs 5.5 inches. Lower primary camera resolution: 13 MP vs 21 MP. OS: Android RAM: 3 GB Battery capacity: 3000 mAH SIM card slots: 2 Internal Memory: 32 GB 72 people compared together. Lower pixel density: 294 ppi vs 401 ppi. Lower secondary camera resolution: 5 MP vs 8 MP. More thickness: 11.2 mm vs 8.4 mm. I don't want to see this. THIS COMPETITOR HAS Screen size: 5.5 inches RAM: 3 GB. Hexa Core 1.8 GHz vs Dual core 1.8 GHz. More weight: 160 grams vs 150 grams. Primary camera: 21 MP Battery capacity: 3000 mAH SIM card slots: 2 Pixel density: 401 ppi Internal Memory: 32 GB 121 people viewed together 30 people compared together. I don't want to see this. Quad core 1.3 GHz vs Dual core 1.8 GHz. Higher battery capacity: 5000 mAH vs 3000 mAH. Lesser RAM: 2 GB vs 3 GB. OS: Android Screen size: 5.5 inches 104 people viewed together 29 people compared together. Lower primary camera resolution: 13 MP vs 21 MP. Lesser SIM card slots: 1 vs 2. Lower pixel density: 267 ppi vs 401 ppi. Lesser internal memory: 16 GB vs 32 GB. Lower secondary camera resolution: 5 MP vs 8 MP. Questions and Answers View all FAQs about Acer Liquid Jade 2. Please write your question as a complete sentence while asking a new question. Write Your Question as a complete sentence, then press Ask a Question. Be the first one to ask a question? Ask a Question. People who viewed Acer Liquid Jade 2 also viewed. Subscribe for top stories, new launches & expert reviews!. Home | Privacy | Sitemap | About Us | Contact Us | Visitor Agreement | Terms & Conditions |. News & Reviews | हिंदी न्यूज़. 
ENGLISH  MENU. You can manage your notification subscription by clicking on the icon. You are Blocked.Please unblock to get news alerts. Click Here to know more.. Also available in: हिन्दी ಕನ್ನಡ മലയാളം தமிழ் తెలుగు বাংলা ગુજરાતી. News Mobile Telecom Wearables Home-Entertainment Apps Laptop Camera Tablet Gaming. Reviews Mobiles Wearables Home-Entertainment Apps Laptops/PC Tablets. How-To Tips and Tricks Mobile Feature Wearable Feature Home-Entertainment Feature Social Media Feature Apps Feature. Gallery Mobiles Concepts Laptops Reviews Wearables Tablets. Videos Reviews How-to First Impression Unboxing Interviews Features. New Devices Search Mobiles Search Laptops Recent Launches Upcoming Mobiles Compare Mobiles Top 10 Mobiles. Key Specs Overview Complete Specs Competitors Videos News. Acer Liquid Jade 2 Upcoming. Facebook Twitter Google Plus. Market Status: Not Available in India | Launch Date in India: N/A |. 5.5MP Primary Camera, 8 MP Front Camera. 5.5 inches 1080 x 1920 pixels. Acer Liquid Jade 2 comes with a 5.5 inches Capacitive Touchscreen. display with a screen resolution of 1080 x 1920 pixels. The smartphone makes use of an Quad Core 1.4 GHz, Qualcomm MSM8992 Snapdragon 808 that is coupled with Adreno 418 GPU,. RAM and 32 GB Storage, 3 GB RAM default memory capacity. This storage can be expanded up to another Up to 200 GB. with the help of a microSD Card.. For imaging, the Acer Liquid Jade 2 sports a 21.0 MegaPixels Camera with Yes, 3840x2160 @ 30 FPS, Geo Tagging.. Up front, the smartphone from Acer makes use of a 8.0 Megapixels Secondary Camera selfie camera.. The connectivity aspects on board the Acer Liquid Jade 2 includes Wi-Fi 802.11 a/b/g/n/ac, dual-band, Wi-Fi Direct, hotspot, Yes, v4.0, A2DP, LE, Yes, microUSB v2.0, Yes, with GPS.. The Acer Liquid Jade 2 gets the power from a Non-removable Li-Ion 3000 mAh battery.. The Acer Liquid Jade 2 runs Android OS, v6.0 (Marshmallow).. The smartphone is priced at Rs. GENERAL Operating System Android OS, v6.0 (Marshmallow) Device type Smart Phone ANNOUNCED Status Not Available in India Global Release Date February 2016 Indian Release Date N/A BODY Dimensions NA Weight NA DISPLAY Screen size 5.5 inches Form Factor Touch Screen resolution 1080 x 1920 pixels Touchscreen Capacitive Touchscreen Technology (Display Type) Super AMOLED PROCESSOR CPU Quad Core 1.4 GHz GPU Adreno 418 Chipset Qualcomm MSM8992 Snapdragon 808 STORAGE Internal Storage 32 GB Storage, 3 GB RAM External Storage Up to 200 GB Card Slot microSD Card Phonebook Unlimited Messaging SMS, MMS, Email, Push Email Call Records Unlimited CAMERA Primary camera 21.0 MegaPixels Camera Front Camera 8.0 Megapixels Secondary Camera Video Recording Yes, 3840x2160 @ 30 FPS Camera Features Geo Tagging MULTIMEDIA Audio Player MP3, AAC, WAV Video Player MP4, H.263, H.264, MPEG4 Games Yes FM Radio Yes Speakers Yes Audio Jack 3.5mm Audio Jack BATTERY Type Non-removable Li-Ion 3000 mAh battery Stand by NA Talk time NA CONNECTIVITY GPRS Yes Edge Yes WLAN Wi-Fi 802.11 a/b/g/n/ac, dual-band, Wi-Fi Direct, hotspot Bluetooth Yes, v4.0, A2DP, LE Infrared Port NA USB Yes, microUSB v2.0 GPS Facility Yes, with GPS Browser Yes, HTML 3G Speed HSPA 42.2/5.76 Mbps, LTE Cat4 150/50 Mbps NETWORK SUPPORT 3G HSDPA 900 / 2100 MHz 2G GSM 850 / 900 / 1800 / 1900 MHz (Dual Sim) 4G LTE. 4 GB 12MP. Samsung Galaxy On7 Prime (64GB - 4GB RAM). 4 GB 13MP. 3 GB 13MP. Honor 9 Lite (64GB - 4GB RAM). 4 GB 13MP. &lt;div id=&quot;vt-video-player&quot;&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;script type=&quot;text/javascript&quot;&gt;window.__ventunoplayer = window.__ventunoplayer||[];window.__ventunoplayer.push({video_key: &quot;OTg1Njc0fHwxMDA2fHwwfHx8fHx8&quot;, title: &quot;OnePlus 5 vs Honor 8 Pro vs Nubia M2 Which has the best dual-camera setup ! - GIZBOT&quot;, show_title: &quot;true&quot;, holder_id: &quot;vt-video-player&quot;, player_type: &quot;vp&quot;, width:&quot;100%&quot; , ratio:&quot;4:3&quot;});&lt;/script&gt;&lt;script type=&quot;text/javascript&quot;&gt;var vtn_ply_script = document.createElement(&quot;script&quot;);vtn_ply_script.type = &quot;text/javascript&quot;;vtn_ply_script.async = true;vtn_ply_script.src = &quot;https://pl.ventunotech.com/plugins/cntplayer/ventunoSmartPlayer.js&quot;;var vtn_add_script = document.getElementsByTagName(&quot;head&quot;)[0];vtn_add_script.appendChild(vtn_ply_script);&lt;/script&gt;. Acer Predator Helios 300 and Nitro 5 First Impressions. Latest Acer Liquid Jade 2 NEWS. Upcoming Upcoming Upcoming Upcoming Upcoming. About Us | Terms of Service | Privacy Policy | RSS | Contact Us | Site Feedback | Sitemap. © Greynium Information Technologies Pvt. Stay updated with latest technology news & gadget reviews - Gizbot. You have already selected 4 products. 
Esto también se puede leer en español.. Acer unveiled two new phones at Mobile World Congress 2016; the Liquid Zest and the Liquid Jade 2. Is it me or do those sound like psychedelic band names?. Anywho, the Liquid Zest (seen here) is a 5-inch phone that comes in a 4G variant.. Xiomara Blanco /. The Liquid Zest has an 8-megapixel rear camera and a front-facing 5-megapixel shooter with a wide-angle lens -- to make sure everyone can get in on the selfie.. Xiomara Blanco /. Both versions of the phone have 1,280x720-pixel resolution screens.. The Acer Liquid Zest will be available in Europe, the Middle East and Africa in April for €109. The model with 4G will be available in May for €149.. Availability outside of the countries listed have yet to be announced.. The prices sh0wn above convert to $121 and $165 in the US; £85 and £116 in the UK; AU$109 and AU$233 in Australia, for the non-4G and 4G models, respectively.. Xiomara Blanco /. The Acer Liquid Jade 2 is slim 5.5-inch phone for enjoying all of your media anywhere you go. It has a colorful screen, crisp audio, and a high-end design. For one thing, pricing and availability have yet to be announced.. Xiomara Blanco /. The rear camera has a whopping 21-megapixels and can take 4K video. There's an 8-megapixel camera on the front.. Xiomara Blanco /. Sporting a sleek design, the Liquid Jade 2 stays sturdy thanks to a Corning Gorilla Glass screen.. Xiomara Blanco /. There's a brushed, dark grey design on the back of the phone. Xiomara Blanco /. The pronounced speaker on the back of the Liquid Jade 2, according to Acer, provides immersive sound when watching movies and video.. Xiomara Blanco /. What's named like a psychedelic rock band and has 4G? Acer's newest phones (pictures). 5 of 8. February 23, 2016 3:40 PM PST. MWC 2018: All the phones and gadget... Latest Stories. Alexa lands in more Lenovo Yoga laptops. Alexa lands in more Lenovo Yoga laptops. Samsung Galaxy S9 event: Watch it live here. Samsung Galaxy S9 event: Watch it live here. Sony goes big on cool camera tech with Xperia XZ2 and XZ2 Compact. Sony goes big on cool camera tech with Xperia XZ2 and XZ2 Compact. Apple's moving celebration of marriage equality in new iPhone X ad. Apple's moving celebration of marriage equality in new iPhone X ad. This office supply will clean under keyboard keys in a jiff. This office supply will clean under keyboard keys in a jiff. This concept phone's selfie camera pops up like toast. This concept phone's selfie camera pops up like toast. CNET may earn fees when you click through to a partner site.. 
Mobiles / Acer Mobile Phones / Acer Liquid Jade 2 Price in India. User Visits: 5 Launch Date in India: 15 November, 2016 Compare. Acer Liquid Jade 2 Description. DTS Headphone:X technology for surround sound experience Corning Gorilla Glass Zero Air Gap display technology 176-degree wide-viewing angles. The Chinese handset maker, Acer has launched a new device called Liquid Jade 2 during the coveted Mobile World Congress held at Barcelona. This handset manufacturing brand took to MWC to launch its all new Zest series of smartphones as well as the next flagship device. However, the flagship Liquid Jade 2 is the handset that was the center of attraction at the event. Here is a brief overview of the upcoming smartphone for those who are looking forward to buy the handset.. The design of the handset is nothing special in terms of aesthetics and features a polycarbonate bar form factor. However, the handset boasts of a brushed metal finish on the rear panel along with a circular loudspeaker on the lower panel. All in all, the handset does not feel like a flagship device but a budget segment handset.. Coming to the display of the handset, Acer has equipped the Liquid Jade 2 with a large 5.5-inch display on the front panel. The display of the handset offers a full HD resolution of 1920 x 1080 pixels so that users can enjoy high resolution content on the go.. The innards of the handset comprises of hexa-core Snapdragon 808 processor with Adreno 418 GPU for a decent performance. The processor is assisted by the presence of 3 GB of RAM , which assists in smoothening the multitasking and animation processes.. The new flagship device from the brand comes with a powerful 21 mp primary camera placed on the rear panel. Its front panel on the other hand has been equipped with 8 Megapixels snapper for selfie lovers.. On the connectivity front, this dual SIM smartphone offers both 4G LTE and 3G connectivity for Internet browsing at high speeds. This handset also features connectivity options like Wi-Fi, Bluetooth, microUSB, GPS and Wi-Fi Direct.. Acer has tried to break from its mold through Liquid Jade 2, however, the attempt has not been successful. Since the brand has not yet revealed the price segment in which this handset will be placed, it is hard to give a verdict. However, those who are looking for a neat handset with decent specifications and powerful camera, this one is for them.. Acer Liquid Jade 2 is currently not available in any online store.. Apply for a credit card on bankbazaar.com, and get free Amazon vouchers worth Rs. 1.8 GHz Hexa Core 3 GB RAM 32 GB Storage 5.5" (13.97 cm) Display 3000 mAh Battery 21 MP Rear Camera 8 MP Front Camera Dual SIM No Quick Charging. Acer Liquid Jade 2 Top Alternatives. We will notify you as soon as Acer Liquid Jade 2 becomes available. Also get the latest launches, top stories & best deals right in your inbox.. We will notify you as soon as Acer Liquid Jade 2 is available in stock. Acer Liquid Jade 2 Specifications. 156.6 x 75.9 x 8.4 mm. 1.8 GHz Hexa Core 64 bit (1.8 GHz Dual + 1.44 GHz Quad) (ARM Cortex A57). 1080 x 1920 pixels, Full HD. Geo tagging, High Dynamic Range mode (HDR). AMR, eAAC+, FLAC, MIDI, MP3, WAV, WMA. Handset with Built-in Battery, Charger, USB Cable, User Manual, Warranty Card. Disclaimer: The specifications shown may be different from actual. Please confirm with the retailer site before purchasing.. Acer Liquid Jade 2 Top Alternatives. Compare Acer Liquid Jade 2 vs Nubia Z11 Mini. Compare Acer Liquid Jade 2 vs Acer Liquid Z630S. Compare Acer Liquid Jade 2 vs Xiaomi Redmi Note 4. Compare Acer Liquid Jade 2 vs Moto G4 Plus 32GB. Compare Acer Liquid Jade 2 vs Lenovo K6 Note. Compare Acer Liquid Jade 2 vs Lenovo K6 Power 32GB. Compare Acer Liquid Jade 2 vs Panasonic Eluga Note. Compare Acer Liquid Jade 2 vs Xiaomi Redmi Note 3 32GB. Compare Acer Liquid Jade 2 vs Yu Yureka S. Upcoming Mobiles Latest Mobiles Best 4G Mobiles Best Fingerprint Scanner Mobiles Best Mobiles Best 4GB RAM Mobiles Best Waterproof Mobiles Best Android Mobiles Best Camera Mobiles Best Keypad Mobiles. Xiaomi Mobiles Nokia Mobiles Vivo Mobiles Oppo Mobiles Lenovo Mobiles Gionee Mobiles Sony Mobiles HTC Mobiles Apple Mobiles Samsung Mobiles. Acer Liquid Jade 2 Comments. Overview Review Specs Alternatives. 
Search Search Skip to Navigation Skip to Market Summary Skip to Main Content Skip to Related Content. Watchlists My Portfolio My Screeners Markets Industries Personal Finance Technology Originals Events. Markets open in 4 hrs 19 mins. S&P Futures 2,758.00 Dow Futures 25,463.00 Nasdaq Futures 6,919.75 Russell 2000 1,549.19 Crude Oil 63.49 Gold 1,342.00 Silver 16.68 EUR/USD 1.23. + 9.25 ( + 0.34% ). + 149.00 ( + 0.59% ). + 10.00 ( + 0.14% ). + 19.20 ( + 1.25% ). + 11.70 ( + 0.88% ). + 0.20 ( + 1.22% ). + 0.00 ( + 0.40% ). Acer Liquid Jade 2 hands-on impressions. Acer’s replaced Windows 10 with Android on the already-neat Jade Primo, making the Liquid Jade 2, and it’s all the better for it. If you saw the Windows 10-powered. Acer Jade Primo earlier this year and thought, “Wow, I wish that ran Android,” then your prayers have been answered. The Liquid Jade 2 is almost identical, apart from swapping out Microsoft’s OS with Google’s. This could make the difference between people buying the big Acer phone, and people not caring it even exists.. That’s a shame, because like the Jade Primo, the Liquid Jade 2 is one of Acer’s better smartphones we’ve tried out. This is helped dramatically by the ultra-comfortable shape. It’s beautifully curved and fits in the palm well, and there’s a big piece of 2.5D glass over the 5.5-inch 1080p screen. Although the rear panel isn’t metal, it does a very job of looking like it is, with a very cool hairline brushed effect that catches the light nicely. The camera lens and its surround is massive though, as is the speaker grill at the opposite end of the body.. Related: The Lumia 650’s gorgeous, but not powerful enough for Continuum. Acer has launched a smart case with the Liquid Jade 2 that works a lot like the cases we’ve seen for the LG G3, and various Samsung and HTC phones. There’s a window in the front folio cover that’s oblong rather than circular. If it was a window in a building, it would be one through which you’d shoot arrows. The shape actually makes sense, because it falls so well to hand — or thumb — when holding the device. This is important because you scroll through option pages by swiping up and down. There’s everything from battery level and notification alerts, to app shortcuts and even a camera preview window. This doesn’t make much sense though, and the G3’s round window worked better.. The same AMOLED panel that made the Jade Primo such a visual star is also on the Liquid Jade 2, and a Snapdragon 808 quad-core chip powers the device with 3GB of RAM. The camera has 21 megapixels, 4K video recording, and a dual-LED flash, while the selfie cam has 8 megapixels and auto face-detection. When it spots you, a three-second countdown begins before it takes a snap, so you best be ready. Plug in a pair of headphones, and you’ll get virtual surround surround sound using DTS Headphone:X, and stream audio using DTS Play-Fi. It’s the first time these two features have been seen together in a single device.. The Liquid Jade 2 will be sold in the U.S. this year, but Acer’s other smartphones won’t join it, and instead are headed to Europe. There are two Liquid Zest models, one with 3G and the other with 4G LTE. Apparently, there is still demand among networks for a 3G-only phone, and the Zest will cost 110 euros. That’s a strong price for a 5-inch 720p phone with a quad-core processor and an 8-megapixel camera. The 4G model will be around 150 euros and is powered by a newer MediaTek processor than the 3G phone.. If you’re tempted by the Liquid Jade 2, it’s going to be sold through Acer’s own online store and various retailers, with a cost and release date to be finalised very soon, but we know it’ll arrive before summer.. Highs: Neat design Gorgeous AMOLED screen Funky folio case Not Windows 10 Lows: No price yet Not quite stock Android The new Lumia 650’s gorgeous, but isn’t powerful enough for Continuum Hands on: Acer Liquid Jade Primo The Acer Jade Primo is here to take care of all your Windows 10 Continuum needs. Acer’s replaced Windows 10 with Android on the already-neat Jade Primo, making the Liquid Jade 2, and it’s all the better for it. If you saw the Windows 10-powered. Acer Jade Primo earlier this year and thought, “Wow, I wish that ran Android,” then your prayers have been answered. The Liquid Jade 2 is almost identical, apart from swapping out Microsoft’s OS with Google’s. This could make the difference between people buying the big Acer phone, and people not caring it even exists.. That’s a shame, because like the Jade Primo, the Liquid Jade 2 is one of Acer’s better smartphones we’ve tried out. This is helped dramatically by the ultra-comfortable shape. It’s beautifully curved and fits in the palm well, and there’s a big piece of 2.5D glass over the 5.5-inch 1080p screen. Although the rear panel isn’t metal, it does a very job of looking like it is, with a very cool hairline brushed effect that catches the light nicely. The camera lens and its surround is massive though, as is the speaker grill at the opposite end of the body.. Related: The Lumia 650’s gorgeous, but not powerful enough for Continuum. Acer has launched a smart case with the Liquid Jade 2 that works a lot like the cases we’ve seen for the LG G3, and various Samsung and HTC phones. There’s a window in the front folio cover that’s oblong rather than circular. If it was a window in a building, it would be one through which you’d shoot arrows. The shape actually makes sense, because it falls so well to hand — or thumb — when holding the device. This is important because you scroll through option pages by swiping up and down. There’s everything from battery level and notification alerts, to app shortcuts and even a camera preview window. This doesn’t make much sense though, and the G3’s round window worked better.. The same AMOLED panel that made the Jade Primo such a visual star is also on the Liquid Jade 2, and a Snapdragon 808 quad-core chip powers the device with 3GB of RAM. The camera has 21 megapixels, 4K video recording, and a dual-LED flash, while the selfie cam has 8 megapixels and auto face-detection. When it spots you, a three-second countdown begins before it takes a snap, so you best be ready. Plug in a pair of headphones, and you’ll get virtual surround surround sound using DTS Headphone:X, and stream audio using DTS Play-Fi. It’s the first time these two features have been seen together in a single device.. The Liquid Jade 2 will be sold in the U.S. this year, but Acer’s other smartphones won’t join it, and instead are headed to Europe. There are two Liquid Zest models, one with 3G and the other with 4G LTE. Apparently, there is still demand among networks for a 3G-only phone, and the Zest will cost 110 euros. That’s a strong price for a 5-inch 720p phone with a quad-core processor and an 8-megapixel camera. The 4G model will be around 150 euros and is powered by a newer MediaTek processor than the 3G phone.. If you’re tempted by the Liquid Jade 2, it’s going to be sold through Acer’s own online store and various retailers, with a cost and release date to be finalised very soon, but we know it’ll arrive before summer.. The Weinstein Company to file for bankruptcy. Here's Why I Plan to Take Social Security at 62. Silicon Valley is so expensive that even Facebook and Apple employees can't afford to live near the office. 10 Netflix movies and shows you should watch before they’re removed in March. Warren Buffett is still learning new investing lessons. Retail earnings and GDP — What you need to know for the week ahead. Hawaiian Airlines Will Buy Boeing's 787-9 Dreamliner, and It Makes No Sense. Air Force Cancels $7B JSTARS Program Over Boeing, Northrop Objections. Yahoo Finance answers: Is the stock market corrupt?. Apple AirPods may soon get over-ear headphone sibling with better sound quality. 4 undocumented immigrants share their American startup stories. GoBee Bike throws in the towel in France. What to watch in the markets: Monday, February 26. What I hope to hear from Fed Chair Powell this week. NASA Captures Stunning Images of Mars' Moons. Netflix Suffering from Its Own Success. China paves way for Xi Jinping to remain leader for years. General Electric to restate two years of earnings. 'Emperor' stocks soar in China as Xi cleared for indefinite reign. Elon Musk boasts: Tesla Semi specs may be better than initially advertised. Exclusive: Essar Oil seeks loans from traders as banks fear Russian links. The top 10 games of E3 2017. Cuban-American businessman who helped build the internet now defends it. Social Security Forfeiture: What Are the 2018 Income Limits?. New Galaxy S9 video and hands-on photos leak just hours before Samsung’s big event. Companies Cut Ties With NRA as Boycott Call Grows. Samsung's Galaxy S9 and S9 Plus bring major camera improvements. 3 Cryptocurrencies That Could Still Double. 
Click here to find mobiles using filters related to price, features, brands etc.. Dual Sim, 4G, 3G, Wi-Fi Hexa Core Processor 3 GB RAM, 32 GB inbuilt 5.5 inches, 1080 x 1920 px display 21 MP Rear + 8 MP Front Camera Memory Card Supported Android, v6.0 FM Radio. USB Type C 1TB Hybrid storage Android Marshmallow. Acer Liquid Jade 2 expected price in India is Rs. General: Dual Sim Android, v6.0 Display: Touch 5.5 inches 1080 x 1920 pixels Camera: 21 MP AutoFocus Flash Video Recording 8 MP Front Camera Technical: Hexa Core Processor 3 GB RAM 32 GB Inbuilt Memory Memory Card Support Connectivity: 3G 4G WiFi with hotspot Bluetooth GPS Extra: Music Player Video Player FM Radio 3.5mm Headphone Jack. OPPO F5 (4GB RAM + 32GB). OPPO F5 (4GB RAM + 32GB). Use multiple sims at the same time. It allows you to use two services without the need to carry two mobile phones at the same time. Touch Displays offer a more interactive experience. SUPER AMOLED Displays have better response, and consume significantly less battery like AMOLED but give better view in direct sunlight compared with AMOLED Displays. Reading, browsing internet and watching videos is more pleasing experience on a bigger screen. Images, videos and text will look more sharp and clear. Images, videos will look amazing on this sharp and clear screen. Text will be easier to read. High resolution camera for taking sharp and clear photos. Having a camera flash allows you to take photos in low light. You can record videos of beautiful moments, sceneries and watch them later. Front Camera enables you to take your own photos and do videocalling (on supported devices). Memory cards give your device more storage capacity. So you can store more songs, photos and videos. More storage allows you to store more songs, videos, photos and install more applications. More cores result in better parallelism, meaning more tasks can be processed in parallel without slowing down the User Interface. Lots Of RAM means more applications can run at the same time, which makes the phone faster. 3G Enabled Handsets give you more download speed and a faster internet experience. 4G Enabled Handsets give you more download speed and a faster internet experience than 3G. You can connect to wifi hotspots in your area to experience a superior internet experience. Allows you to use your internet connection on your wifi enabled laptop. Bluetooth enables you to wirelessly listen to music and calls using bluetooth headsets. GPS is used for determining your location. You can get directions to a place with the help of GPS. Having 3.5mm Jack enables you to connect to large number of other devices (such as speakers, headphones) having 3.5mm Port. Detects motion as well as the orientation of a device (horizontally or vertically). Determines orientation and rotation and provides more accurate 3D motion tracking than an accelerometer. Determines direction facing relative to North, East, West and South. Watch your favourite video songs and movies in video player. It supports MP4, H.264 file types. Listen to your favourite songs in music player. It supports MP3, WAV, AAC etc. Listen to your favourite radio stations on your phone. Enjoy music on the go with FM Radio.. You can't use this to make calls over 4G network (a 3rd party app can be used instead though). You can't connect your phone to a TV.. Full Specifications Report An Error General Sim Type: GSM+GSM Dual Sim: Yes Sim Size: Nano SIM Device Type: Smartphone Release Date: February, 2016 Display Type: Color Super AMOLED screen, 16M colors Touch: Yes, with Multitouch Size: 5.5 inches, 1080 x 1920 pixels PPI: ~ 401 PPI Features: Corning Gorilla Glass 4 Screen Protection Memory RAM: 3 GB Internal: 32 GB inbuilt Card Slot: Yes Connectivity GPRS: Yes EDGE: Yes 3G: Yes 4G: Yes Wifi: Yes, with wifi-hotspot Bluetooth: Yes, v4.0 USB: Yes, microUSB v2.0 Extra GPS: Yes, with A-GPS Support Sensors: Accelerometer, Gyroscope, Compass 3.5mm Headphone Jack: Yes Camera Camera: Yes, 21 MP with autofocus Dual Camera: No Features: Face detection, Geo tagging, Panorama, Touch to focus Video Recording: Yes, 2160p @ 30fps Flash: Dual LED Front Camera: Yes, 8 MP Technical OS: Android, v6.0 (Marshmallow) CPU: Hexa Core, Qualcomm MSM8992 Snapdragon 808 Processor Java: No Browser: Yes, supports HTML Multimedia Supports: MMS Email: Yes, with Push Mail Music: MP3, WAV, AAC Video: MP4, H.264 FM Radio: Yes Document Reader: Yes. Acer Liquid Jade 2 price in India, feature and specifications. Acer has kept up with its trend of unveiling new smartphones a Mobile World Congress. This year the Acer has showcased three new smartphones which also includes Acer Liquid Jade 2. The phone is yet to arrive in India. Here everything about Acer Liquid Jade 2 including its, price, specification and features. The second generation Acer Liquid Jade smartphone is touted one of the best company has to offer so far. At a time when most of the smartphone are launching their phones unibody metal design, Acer Liquid Jade 2 flaunts plastic built with pride. Talking of features and specifications, the Acer Liquid Jade 2 is powered by a hexa-core Qualcomm Snapdragon 808 processor with 3GB RAM. The chipset is powerful enough to meet day to day requirements of users with decent gaming experience. Most talked about feature of Jade 2 is its 1TB hybrid storage (32GB in-built). The phone is driven by Android Marshmallow based user interface. The dual SIM handset features 5.5-inch Full HD AMOLED display with 2.5D Corning Gorilla Glass screen protection. Acer’s Zero Air Gap technology, which as per the makers will offer better sunlight legibility. In the optics section, it houses a 21-MP main camera with 4K video capturing ability and has an 8MP secondary camera with 84-degree wide-angle lens at the front for better selfies. The phone is backed by connectivity options including 4G LTE, WiFi 820.11 a/b/g/n, Bluetooth 4.1, GPS and USB type C. The Acer Liquid Jade 2 not is expected to launch in India any time soon. The lowest price of Jade 2 in India is expected to be around 17,999 INR, which seems to be a bit excessive. Stay tuned for more updates on Acer Liquid jade 2 launch date in India.. USB Type C 1TB Hybrid storage Android Marshmallow. No reviews found for this mobile. Be the first to write a review.. Enter each Pro in new line.. Enter each Con in new line.. Who Viewed This Also Viewed .... Acer Mobiles Between 15000 and 20000. vs Acer Liquid Jade 2 vs Huawei Honor 8 vs Acer Liquid Jade 2 vs Lenovo P70 vs Acer Liquid Jade 2 vs Micromax Yu Yureka Plus vs Acer Liquid Jade 2 vs Asus Zenfone Max ZC550KL vs Acer Liquid Jade 2 vs Asus Zenfone 2 ZE551ML. Sign up for our Newsletter :. Congratulations!!! You are now subscribed to our newsletter.. smartprix.com , All rights reserved. Recently Viewed By You ( 0 ). Add Another Product Add Another Product Add Another Product Add Another Product Add Another Product Add Another Product Add Another Product Add Another Product Add Another Product Add Another Product Add Another Product Add Another Product Add Another Product Add Another Product Add Another Product Add Another Product Add Another Product Add Another Product Add Another Product Add Another Product. Mobiles And Tablets 0 Laptops And Computers 0 Cameras 0 Personal Appliances 0 Mobile Accessories 0. your email will not be published. Select A Product From Search Suggestions. your email will not be published. --select-- Incorrect Price Incorrect/ Missing Product Detail Coupon Not Working Found Lowest Price Somewhere Else Just A Feedback Other Issue. Sign in with your email address.. Find, Compare and Buy all in one place. Sign up with your email address. Already have an account? Login. 
Acer Liquid Jade 2 hands-on at MWC 2016. Less-than-wonderful external hardware disguises rather high-end internals and nice software.. Acer's new Liquid Jade 2 is taking over the top spot in its lineup, and while the headlines are gravitating towards its new 1TB cloud storage model we're also interested in the hardware, software and performance. If the Liquid Jade 2 looks familiar, it's probably because this is the same platform that was released as the Jade Primo Windows Phone back in January. But that doesn't make it less impressive — there's a lot on offer here.. The phone is powered by a Snapdragon 808 processor, 3GB of RAM and 32GB of storage, along with a 21MP camera, which are higher-end specs than you usually associate with Acer phones. The Liquid Jade 2 is also running Android 6.0 Marshmallow (with the February security patch), and displaying it on a 5.5-inch 1080p AMOLED panel that looks quite nice. The software is basically unchanged from stock aside from a few icon changes and some new toggles in the notification shade, which we're happy to see.. The hardware itself is a bit underwhelming considering how high-end the phone is marketed as and the level of the internals. The plastic all around looks quite nice with a brushed coating and a bright red strip around the outside, but it feels rather thin and flimsy when you run your hands around it. But depending on the price, you may be able to look past the slightly less-than-wonderful hardware experience to get good software and specs in a solid package.. Pixel 2 & Pixel 2 XL. Careers: Writer | Dev. 
Enter the characters you see below. Sorry, we just need to make sure you're not a robot. For best results, please make sure your browser is accepting cookies.. Type the characters you see in this image:. 
Back Up Every Byte On Your Device. How-To: Root ACER Liquid Jade 2. Ready to root your Liquid Jade 2? Thanks to One Click Root, rooting has never been safer, easier, or faster. When we called our software “One Click” Root, we really meant it!.. Four Easy Steps to Root Your ACER Liquid Jade 2. How To Root ACER Liquid Jade 2 In Minutes. Download and install One Click Root. Connect your Android to your computer. Run One Click Root and let the software. One Click Root Devices ACER Acer Liquid Jade 2. Optimize Your Acer Liquid Jade 2's Inner Capabilities. Acer launched their new Liquid Jade 2 which is a flagship smartphone at the side-lines of MWC 2016 in Barcelona. The Taiwanese manufacturer together with the Jade 2 also revealed its new Liquid Zest series smartphones, the Liquid Zest and Liquid Zest 4G. Acer's new Liquid Jade 2 is definitely taking over the top spot in its lineup; one reason is its new 1TB cloud storage model impressive hardware, software and performance. The Liquid Jade 2 looks familiar because this is the same platform that was released as the Jade Primo Windows Phone back in January. But that doesn't make it less impressive, in fact, there's a lot on offer here.. Basically, the Acer Liquid Jade 2 is powered by a Snapdragon 808 processor, bears a 3GB of RAM and 32GB of inboard storage which can be expanded up to 1TB hybrid storage, also featuring a 21MP primary camera with autofocus, dual-LED flash, Geo-tagging, touch focus, face detection, HDR, panorama, and an 8MP secondary camera, and features"Pause N Shoot" selfie mode that detects face automatically and starts a countdown of three seconds for taking shots, which are higher-end specs than you usually associate with Acer phones. The Acer Liquid Jade 2 is also running Android 6.0 Marshmallow, also sports. a 5.5-inch 1080p Super AMOLED capacitive touchscreen that looks quite nice, and it also sports Corning Gorilla Glass and comes with Zero Air Gap technology, which the company claims will help in improved readability under sunlight. The software is basically unchanged from stock aside from a few icon changes and there are some new toggles in the notification shade, which are good to see. It upports 4G LTE Cat.6 apart from 3G, GPRS/ EDGE, GPS/ A-GPS, Bluetooth, and Wi-Fi 802.11 a/b/g/n/ac for the connectivity options.. The smartphone as well sports DTS Headphone:X technology for surround sound experience with any pair of headphones, according to Acer. The new Jade series smartphone from Asus packs USB Type-C port.. When you opt to tweak your Android, you've got the right decision. Why so? Because rooting can definitely transform your device into more interesting, fun, functional, and you can do more than what is in the box. It can speed up processor, boost memory and battery, get rid of bloats, and ads, and pre-installed apps, plus you can access exclusive apps that aren't normally accessible to normal users. On the other side, the process is very risky and tricky. But luckily, One Click Root is here to save you. One Click Root is the ultimate rooting solution that offers 100% safe and it's reversible, so nothing to worry at all. Wanting a more specified device without buying a new one? It's time to root your Android device and have that highly functional and updated device and experience a like-no-other Android with ultimate convenience.. 24/7 Root Support for Your Android. We Support the Following Services and more …. Instantly gain access to your Android’s root files and unlock its full potential.. Don’t like rooted Android? We can unroot your device with one click.. We can repair annoying Android problems and fix your device.. Installing ROMs can be difficult and complicated. Want the best root-only apps? We’ll install them for you.. Speed up your device and free up space by uninstalling bloatware.. We guarantee your Android device will be protected throughout the rooting process. Our certified Android technicians can safely perform a number of different maintenance services. Whether you’re rooting, unrooting, or repairing Android, we will not damage your device or your data in any way. If we cannot safely root your device, we’ll provide a full refund. I called on One Click Root after my own initial attempt for root bricked my LG G4 (H81010o). If you have a new phone running the latest and more challenging software, then I recommend this service. Technician "JJ" helped me and was a smooth and very capable professional. Rarely do I pay for tech support or make endorsements so purchase with confidence, these folks are legit!. Just had a fantastic experience during an expert session to root my phone with Virgil! Honestly, appreciate his patience, problem solving skills along with his willingness to help. Really looking forward to use this software moving on, and definitely recommending to others. I had a great experience with JJ helping me to root my phone. The Samsung Galaxy S4 is a hard phone to root and took a few attempted, but everything worked out. Just wanted to say thank you very much to JJ, he spent several hours wrestling with my tablet, was polite throughout, helpful, informative and wouldn't give up. A credit to his employers, and should be given a pat on the back, well done 🙂. JJ and everyone at this company (Sean, Camille, Michelle, Alex) are AWESOME!!!!! Thanks so much for your help!!!. Need Help? We’re always here for you. One Click Root is committed to providing superior Android maintenance services. We are always available via live chat and by phone. We love our customers and our customers love us back. In addition, our site features thousands of how-to articles and a deep knowledge base filled with information about your Android device.. Jailbreak Your iPhone / iPad: One Click Jailbreak. Root Samsung Galaxy Note 4 Root Samsung Galaxy S5 Root Samsung Galaxy Note 3 Root Samsung Galaxy S4 Root SAMSUNG GALAXY S8 Root Samsung Galaxy S6 Root Samsung Galaxy S3 Root Kindle Fire Root ale-l21 Root SAMSUNG GALAXY S8 PLUS. SM-J327AZ SM-J321AZ SM-J320F SM-J320M/DS SM-J320F/DS SM-J320F/DD SM-J3109 SM-J320H/DS SM-J320A SM-J320AZ. Copyright © 2018 One Click Root. 
ARY News Live Geo News Express News Ten Sports Makkah Live. Mobile Prices Acer Acer Liquid Jade 2. Acer Liquid Jade 2 Price in Pakistan, Spec & Reviews. Acer has recently launched its new flagship device Liquid Jade 2 with some eye catching features and specs. Android Marsh Mallow operated Acer Liquid ... Network Technology GSM / HSPA / LTE 2G bands GSM 850 / 900 / 1800 / 1900 - SIM 1 & SIM 2 3G bands HSDPA 900 / 2100 4G bands LTE Speed HSPA 42.2/5.76 Mbps, LTE Cat4 150/50 Mbps GPRS Yes EDGE Yes Launch Announced 2016, February Status Available Body Dimensions - Weight - SIM Dual SIM (Nano-SIM, dual stand-by) Display Type Super AMOLED capacitive touchscreen, 16M colors Size 5.5 inches, 83.4 cm 2 Resolution 1080 x 1920 pixels, 16:9 ratio (~401 ppi density) Multitouch Yes Protection Corning Gorilla Glass 4 Platform OS Android 6.0 (Marshmallow) Chipset Qualcomm MSM8992 Snapdragon 808 CPU Hexa-core (4x1.4 GHz Cortex-A53 & 2x1.8 GHz Cortex-A57) Memory Card slot microSD, up to 256 GB Internal 32 GB, 3 GB RAM Camera Primary 21 MP, autofocus, dual-LED flash Features Geo-tagging, touch focus, face detection, HDR, panorama Video [email. protected] Secondary 8 MP Sound Alert types Vibration; MP3, WAV ringtones Loudspeaker Yes 3.5mm jack Yes - DTS sound Comms WLAN Wi-Fi 802.11 a/b/g/n/ac, dual-band, Wi-Fi Direct, hotspot Bluetooth 4.0, A2DP, LE GPS Yes, with A-GPS Radio FM radio USB microUSB 2.0 Features Sensors Accelerometer, gyro, proximity, compass Messaging SMS (threaded view), MMS, Email, Push Email Browser HTML5 Java No - MP3/WAV/AAC player - MP4/H.264 player - Photo/video editor - Document viewer Battery. Acer Liquid Jade 2 Video Review. Acer Liquid Jade 2 doesn't seem like an average phone by checking out the specs and features, therefore I am more interested in knowing the price of this Acer Liquid Jade 2 ASAP!!. Acer Liquid Jade 2 Price in Pakistan, Spec & Reviews. Acer has recently launched its new flagship device Liquid Jade 2 with some eye catching features and specs. Android Marsh Mallow operated Acer Liquid Jade 2 features a 5.5-inches screen with HD AMOLED resolution of 1080x1920 pixels for perfect viewing. The users can enjoy wide angle display of 176 degrees. Acer Liquid Jade 2 is well protected with Corning Gorilla Glass that encompasses Zero Air Gap technology, claimed as something that can assist in better readability especially under sunlight. The Single SIM integrated Acer Liquid Jade 2 accepts a Micro-SIM. All the essential connectivity options are enabled in Liquid Jade 2 including Wi-Fi, GPS, Bluetooth, FM, and 4G fastest internets. You can stay in touch with the world with the help of all the connectivity options. Sensors available on this device include Proximity sensor, Ambient light sensor, Accelerometer, and Gyroscope. Powered by Snapdragon 808 chipset with Hexa-core processor enriched Acer Liquid Jade 2 comes with 3 GB RAM with 32 GB internal space that can surely give your phone ample storage for files, apps, games, and lot more. One significant feature of Acer’s Liquid Jade 2 is that it supports up to 1TB hybrid storage, integrating local storage with cloud storage. The rear camera of Liquid Jade 2 sports a 21-mgapixel with f/2.2 aperture featuring dual LED flash that can click quality pictures and 4K video recording support. There is an 8-megapixel front camera on board for perfect selfies that you desire for. You can get this phone in standard Black color. Get the accurate price for Acer Liquid Jade 2 in Pakistan updated on this page online.. full specification & features like front and back camera, battery life, internal. and external memory ram mobile color and other features, also read. reviews, watch video and large front and back images.. Get all the latest updates of. price in Pakistan, Karachi, Lahore, Islamabad and other cities in Pakistan.. Dotted Motomo Case for Sams .. Tempered Glass for iPhone 4 .. Flip Case For Samsung Galax .. Shock Proof Armor Case for .. Book Case & Glass Screen Pr .. 
Shop by Compare Blog Deals Coupons. Mobile & Tablets Mobile Accessories Laptops & Peripherals TV & Entertainment Home And Kitchen Appliances Camera, DSLR & Accessories Automotive Books. Mobiles Samsung Mobiles Apple iPhones OnePlus Mobiles Xiaomi Mobiles. Phone Finder Upcoming Mobiles Top 10 Mobile Phones Selfie Mobiles. 6GB RAM Mobiles Dual Camera Mobiles 4G Mobiles Octa core Mobiles. Tablets Samsung Tabs Apple iPads Lenovo Tabs Micromax Tabs. Upcoming Tablets Android Tablets Latest Tablets Budget Tablets. Calling Facility Tablets Wifi Tablets 4G Tablets 7 Inch Tablets. Mobile Accessories Smartwatches Fitness Bands MicroSD Cards Power Banks VR Headsets Headphones And Headsets Headphones Bluetooth Headsets Wired Headsets. Car Mobile And Accessories Car Chargers Car Speakers GPS Navigation Devices Feature Samsung Memory Cards HP Memory Cards Syska Power Banks PNY Power Banks. Trending Sandisk Memory Cards Transcend Memory Cards Kingston Memory Cards Xiaomi Power Banks Ambrane Power Banks Intex Power Banks Behind the neck Headphones Wireless Headphones Clip on Headphones. Laptops Dell Laptops HP Laptops Lenovo Laptops Apple Laptops Asus Laptops All Laptops Desktop & Components CPU Desktops. Storage & Memory Pen Drives MicroSD Cards External Hard Disks Internal Hard Drives Printers & Inks Single Function Printers Multi-Function Printers Scanners Toners. Accessories Monitors Mouses Keyboards Headphones Computer Headsets Speakers Webcams Projectors Routers. By Brands Samsung Televisions LG Televisions Sony Televisions Videocon Televisions Vu Televisions Micromax Televisions Onida Televisions Panasonic Televisions All LED And LCD TVs. By Features 3D TVs Curved TVs Smart TVs 32 inch TVs 40 inch TVs 50 inch TVs 55 inch TVs LED TVs Full HD TVs. Music & Home Theaters DVD/Blueray Players MP3 Players Home Theaters Bluetooth Speakers Sony Home Theaters LG Home Theaters. Home Appliances Television Washing Machines Air Conditioners Geysers Vacuum Cleaners Air Coolers Fans Inverters/stabilizers. Kitchen Appliances Refrigerators Microwave Ovens Mixer/Grinder/Juicers Food Processors Electric Kettles Induction Cook Tops Sandwich Makers Popup Toasters Hand Blenders Electric Cookers. Small Home Appliances Irons Air Purifiers Emergency Lights Landline Phones UPS Sensor Security Sewing Machines. Cameras & DSLRs DSLR Cameras Point & Shoot Cameras Sports & Action Cameras Instant Camera Camcorders Canon DSLR Cameras Nikon DSLR Cameras Sony DSLR Cameras. Cameras By Brands Nikon Point & Shoot Cameras Canon Point & Shoot Cameras Sony Point & Shoot Cameras GoPro Sports & Action Cameras Fujifilm Instant Cameras Panasonic Camcorder. Camera Accessories Camera Lenses Camera Filters Camera Flashes Camera Lens Hoods Tripods Reflectors Camera Lens Caps Camera Flash Brackets Flash Shoe Adapters. Car Accessories Car SubWoofers Car FM Modulators Car Amplifiers Car Air Purifiers Car Body Covers Dent Removers Car Polishes Car Seat Covers Vehicle Antennas. Car Spare Parts Car Batteries Door Handles Gear Knobs Cabin Filters Fuel Filters Wheel Bearings Underseat Storages Engine Mounts Car Silencers. Bike Accessories Helmets Helmet Locks Two Wheeler Batteries Bike Foot Rests Handle Bars Bike Exhausts Bike Mirrors Clutch Levers Vehicle Horns. Books by Categories Academic Action & Adventure Biographies & True Accounts Business, Investing & Management Children's Books Comics & Manga Computing & Internet Crime, Thriller & Mystery Health & Personal Development Fantasy & Science Fiction. Books by Authors Books by Chetan Bhagat Books by Rashmi Bansal Books by J K Rowling Books by Dan Brown Books by Ruskin Bond Books by R S Aggarwal Books by Amish Tripathi Books by Shobaa De Books by Khushwant Singh Books by Paulo Coelho. Mobiles Tablets Laptops Smartwatches Fitness Bands DSLR Cameras Televisions Refrigerators Washing Mcns Air Conditioners Microwave Ovens. Pros & Cons Specs Key Features Video Reviews Q & A's Local Dealers Compare. By Acer Mobiles | Market Status: Unavailable. Not available, Search on Flipkart.com. Not available, Search on Flipkart.com. Acer Liquid Jade 2 runs on Android v6.0 (Marshmallow). It has a 5.5 Inch Full HD display. The Phone is powered by a Hexa Core (1.8 GHz, Dual core, ARM Cortex A57 + 1.44 GHz, Quad core, Cortex A53) with 3 GB RAM. The device comes with a Front 8 MP camera and Rear 21 MP camera with an LED flash. It comes with 32GB of built-in storage which can further be expanded using a microSD, up to 256 GB. Connectivity includes Dual SIM , 4G LTE. The Device has a non-removable Li-Po 3000 mAh battery .. 5% Instant Discount On Using Credit/Debit Card Apply for credit card now ». Acer Liquid Jade 2 is not available. Here are similar products that are available in store.. OnePlus 5T 8GB RAM + 128GB. Samsung Galaxy S6 edge plus Duos. Samsung Galaxy S6 edge plus 64GB. Samsung Galaxy Note 5 Duos 64GB. Asus Zenfone 3 Deluxe ZS570KL 64GB. Acer Liquid Jade 2 Pros & Cons. 5.5 inch display with SUPER AMOLED Capacitive touchscreen, 16M colors 21 MP rear camera with LED flash and 8 MP front facing camera with Auto focus, Geo-tagging 3 GB RAM thus, Performance is better without any lags Pixel density of 401 pixels which gives you much clarity Powerful battery capacity of 3000 mAh that lasts for many hours. NFC connectivity is missing Less No. Acer Liquid Jade 2 Price in India. We are unable to find prices at any of our partner stores.. Find dealers & shops for Acer Liquid Jade 2 mobile phone in your City:. -- Select City -- Agra Ahmedabad Ajmer Alappuzha Alwar Amritsar Aurangabad Bangalore Bharatpur Bhavnagar Bhikaner Bhopal Bhubaneshwar Calangute Chandigarh Chennai Chittaurgarh Coimbatore Cuttack Dalhousie Dehradun Delhi Diu-island Ernakulam Faridabad Gangtok Gaya Ghaziabad Gurgaon Guwahati Gwalior Haridwar Hyderabad Imphal Indore Jabalpur Jaipur Jaisalmer Jalandhar Jamshedpur Jodhpur Junagadh Kanpur Kanyakumari Khajuraho Kochi Kodaikanal Kolkata Kota Kottayam Kovalam Lucknow Ludhiana Madurai Manali Mangalore Margao Mathura Mumbai Mussoorie Mysore Nagpur Nainital Nashik Ooty Orchha Panaji Patna Pondicherry Porbandar Portblair Pune Puri Rajkot Rameswaram Ranchi Sanchi Secunderabad Shimla Surat Thanjavur Thiruchchirapalli Thrissur Tirumala Udaipur Vadodara Varanasi Vasco da gama Vijayawada. Group: 32,000 to 52,000. Full Specifications of Acer Liquid Jade 2 ( Release Date: 14th February, 2016 ). Screen Size 5.5 inches Screen Resolution 1080x1920 pixels Pixel Density 401 PPI Display Type AMOLED Capacitive Touch Screen,. Rear Camera Resolution 21 MP Front Camera Resolution 8 MP Video Recording Yes Camera Features Autofocus, Flash, Panorama, Digital Zoom, Face Detection. SIM Card Slots Dual SIM SIM Card Type SIM 1: Nano-SIM SIM2: Nano-SIM Bluetooth Yes, Yes 3.5 mm Jack Yes. Internal Storage 32 GB Card Slot/Expandable microSD, up to 256 GB Other 32GB , Expandable up to 256GB. Battery Capacity 3000 mAh Battery Type Li-Po. Brand Acer Chipset Qualcomm Snapdragon 808 MSM8992 Processor Hexa Core (1.8 GHz, Dual core, ARM Cortex A57 + 1.44 GHz, Quad core, Cortex A53) RAM 3 GB RAM GPU Adreno 418. Operating System Android OS Version Android v6.0 (Marshmallow) Weight 150 grams Dimensions 156.6 x 75.9 x 8.4 mm. 4G Yes, LTE 3G Yes, HSDPA 2G Yes, GSM 850 / 900 / 1800 / 1900 Wi-Fi Yes, Yes GPS Yes, Yes, with A-GPS GPRS Yes EDGE Yes Radio Yes. Fingerprint Scanner Yes Sensors Yes Messaging SMS (threaded view), MMS, Email, Push Email, IM Browser HTML5 Java No Other Microsoft Continuum support Active noise cancellation with dedicated mic MP3/WAV/eAAC+ player MP4/H.265 player OneDrive (15 GB cloud storage) Document viewer Video/photo editor. Disclaimer: We cannot guarantee the information is 100% accurate. Report a problem on this page. Key Specifications Review of Acer Liquid Jade 2 Quite Big Screen - 5.5 inches Reading, browsing internet and watching videos is more pleasing experience on a bigger screen. Sharp Screen - 401 PPI Higher Resolution indicates sharp display images, videos and text look more vivid and clear. AMOLED Capacitive Touch Screen, Super LCD Reduces Glare, increases brightness and improves visibilty in sunlight. Qualcomm Snapdragon 808 MSM8992 Snapdragon processor offers seamless streaming of video and audio, crystal-clear voice calls, robust processing strength & groundbreaking battery efficiency. Hexa Core (1.8 GHz, Dual core, ARM Cortex A57 + 1.44 GHz, Quad core, Cortex A53) Processor acts as the brain of device and aids in managing tasks more efficiently. It allows smooth execution of tasks, applications, emailing, video playing, etc. Lots Of RAM - 3 GB More RAM means faster loading of apps and smoother execution of multiple tasks simultaneously. Adreno 418 Graphics Processing Unit enables smooth processing of 3D Games and HD Videos. It also shares the load of processors and saves battery. Has Dual SIM Multiple SIM Phones allow you to use multiple sims at the same time without the need to carry multiple mobile phones. 21 MP Rear Camera A Camera with higher resolution takes more detailes photos which will look sharper on larger screen mobiles as well. 8 MP Front Camera A Camera with higher resolution snaps sharp & detailed photos, and offers good video calling quality. Has Flash For Camera With Flash Bright Selfies / Pics can be captured even in low light. Has Autofocus For Camera With Autofocus, the camera of the mobile is able to focus on the subject automatically. Heavy Weight - 150g Holding Heavy weight mobile phones for long time will make your arms tired. Limited Storage Capacity - 32 GB Less internal storage may limit installation of more apps, storing songs, images, videos, etc. Supports Memory Card - microSD, up to 256 GB Having no Memory cards restricts extra storage capacity. You cannot store more songs, photos and videos. High Battery Life - 3000 mAh Higher Battery capacities generally mean longer battery life that runs atleast for a day or two. The Battery life also depends on screen size, processor, OS, personal useage and other factors. Supports 4G 4G connection provides internet access upto 100 Mbps. Get more download speed and a faster browsing experience. You can send voice calls and messages. It supports all features of 3G, 2G conncetivity. Supports 3G 3G Enabled Handsets give you more download speed and a faster internet experience. 3G enables fast internet access, high speed downloads and access to lot other internet features. Supports 2G With 2G connectivity option you can get all cellular features but stay limited to basic internet facilities. Supports WiFi Connect to wifi hotspots in your area or other devices to your mobile. Supports GPS GPS help you to track your current location. get directions to a place or any destination using apps like Google Maps. Have A FM Radio Allows you to listen Music, songs, etc from Radio stations even while travelling. Supports Bluetooth You can wirelessly listen to music and calls using bluetooth headsets or even share data. Has Fingerprint Sensor It allows you to secure your phone. Using your finger you can quickly unlock your phone. Has 3.5mm Headphone Jack 3.5mm Jack enables you to connect to large number of other devices such as speakers, headphones etc.... Video Review of Acer Liquid Jade 2. Acer Liquid Jade 2 41,990 vs Huawei P10 Plus 56,300. Acer Liquid Jade 2 41,990 vs LG G Pro 2 42,021. Acer Liquid Jade 2 41,990 vs Blackberry KeyOne 35,889. Acer Liquid Jade 2 41,990 vs Samsung Galaxy Note 4 Duos 43,999. Acer Liquid Jade 2 41,990 vs Apple iPhone SE 64GB 28,990. Price of Acer Liquid Jade 2 in India today is Rs. 41,990.00 , updated on 26th February 2018. Write a Review on Acer Liquid Jade 2. Heading* Summary* Rating*. (Your rating: 0 / 5). Oppo N3 Google Pixel XL 128GB HTC One M10 Sony Xperia Z5 LG G Pro 2 Samsung Galaxy S6 edge plus 64GB OnePlus 5T 8GB RAM + 128GB LeEco Le Max 128GB Apple iPhone 6s Plus 16GB vivo Xplay 5 Elite HTC U11 Samsung Galaxy S6 edge 128GB Samsung Galaxy J. Acer Liquid Jade 2 Questions & Answers. Acer Announces 4 New Laptops Including World’s Thinnest Laptop Acer Predator Galea 500 Gaming Headphones Released in India Acer Chromebook 11 C732, Chromebook Spin 11 Unveiled with 8th Gen Processor Gamers Paradise: Acer Predator 21 X Gaming Laptop Launched in India Acer Windows Mixed Reality Headset Makes a Debut in India Acer Predator Triton 700 Gaming Laptop Now Available in India. 5.5 inches 12 MP Camera 2 RAM 2915 mAh. 5.5 inches 12 MP Camera 6 RAM 3000 mAh. 5.5 inches 12 MP Camera 2 RAM 2915 mAh. 4.7 inches 12 MP Camera 2 RAM 1715 mAh. 5.5 inches 16 MP Camera 2 RAM 3000 mAh. 5.3 inches 13 MP Camera 6 RAM 3090 mAh. Comments on Acer Liquid Jade 2 mobile phone. Acer Liquid Jade 2 mobile price. × Get instant alert when price drops for Acer Liquid Jade 2. Prices reduce by 5-10% within 3 weeks, on average!. Get Real-Time Price, latest launches, top stories & best deals right in your inbox.. -- Problem/Feedback -- Customer feedback Price is different than price on external website Incorrect product specifications Item does not match external website There are insufficient details to make a buying decision Other. Get access to your Wishlist and more.. Keep items you love on a watchlist.. Write Your Reviews & Win Daily Prizes!. Be first to know about great offers and save.. *Pricekart.com will not share any personal information with any third party at any time. LOGIN or SIGN UP. Mobile | Tablet | Home & Kitchen Appliances | TV & Entertainment | Camera, DSLR & Accessories | Automotive | Books. Samsung Mobiles Price | Vivo Mobiles Price | OPPO Mobiles Price | Xiaomi Mobiles Price | Karbonn Mobiles Price | Itel Mobiles Price | Intex Mobiles Price. Upcoming Mobiles | Waterproof Mobiles Price | Top 10 Mobiles Price | 4g Mobiles Price | Big Battery Mobiles | Mobiles Below 10000. About Us | Extension | Privacy | Terms & Conditions | Blog | Contact Us | Merchants. Made in India by. 
Recent Posts Wireless Sony Xperia Ear Duo headset starts at $280 with Dual Listening support ‘Extended’ Sony Xperia XZ2 and XZ2 Compact feature new designs, Snapdragon 845 power Lenovo 500e and 300e Chromebooks are now available with advanced Touch and Pen features Lenovo unveils Yoga 730 with Alexa and Cortana, Flex 14 with Active Pen included Huawei MateBook X Pro: The ‘Pro’ is for progress (Video) Recent Comments Anonymous on CES 2018 will not be graced by FCC chairman Ajit Pai Anonymous on Pixel 2 XL does not charge at full 18W allowed by adapter Anonymous on iPhone 8 and iPhone X cases made by Apple will allow for wireless charging Anonymous on Apple Store in China had just two customers in line for iPhone 8 Anonymous on Galaxy S8 will feature software navigation buttons and launch March 29 Archives February 2018 January 2018 December 2017 November 2017 October 2017 September 2017 August 2017 July 2017 June 2017 May 2017 April 2017 March 2017 February 2017 January 2017 December 2016 November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 June 2015 May 2015 April 2015 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 October 2014 September 2014 August 2014 July 2014 June 2014 May 2014 April 2014 March 2014 February 2014 January 2014 December 2013 November 2013 October 2013 September 2013 August 2013 July 2013 June 2013 May 2013 April 2013 March 2013 February 2013 January 2013 December 2012 November 2012 October 2012 September 2012 August 2012 July 2012 June 2012 May 2012 April 2012 March 2012 February 2012 January 2012 December 2011 November 2011 October 2011 September 2011 August 2011 July 2011 June 2011 May 2011 April 2011 March 2011 February 2011 January 2011 December 2010 November 2010 October 2010 September 2010 August 2010 July 2010 June 2010 May 2010 April 2010 March 2010 February 2010 January 2010 December 2009 November 2009 October 2009 September 2009 August 2009 July 2009 June 2009 May 2009 April 2009 March 2009 February 2009 January 2009 December 2008 November 2008 October 2008 September 2008 August 2008 July 2008 June 2008 May 2008 April 2008 March 2008 February 2008 January 2008 December 2007 November 2007 October 2007 September 2007 August 2007 July 2007 June 2007 May 2007 April 2007 March 2007 February 2007 January 2007 December 2006 November 2006 October 2006 September 2006 August 2006 July 2006 June 2006 May 2006 April 2006 March 2006 February 2006 January 2006 December 2005 November 2005 October 2005 September 2005 August 2005 July 2005 June 2005 May 2005 April 2005 March 2005 February 2005 January 2005 December 2004 November 2004 October 2004 September 2004 August 2004 July 2004 June 2004 May 2004 April 2004 March 2004 February 2004 January 2004 December 2003 November 2003 October 2003 September 2003 August 2003 July 2003 June 2003 May 2003 April 2003 March 2003 February 2003 January 2003 December 2002 November 2002 October 2002 September 2002 August 2002 July 2002 June 2002 May 2002 April 2002 March 2002 February 2002 January 2002 December 2001 November 2001 October 2001 September 2001 August 2001 July 2001 June 2001 May 2001 April 2001 March 2001 February 2001 January 2001 December 2000 November 2000 October 2000 August 2000 July 2000 June 2000 May 2000 Categories Accessories Android BlackBerry Interview iOS Other OS Phones Reviews Security & Privacy Tablets Uncategorized Wearables Windows Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org. Reviews Editorials Videos Podcast Deals Pocketnow en Español. Reviews Editorials Videos Podcast Deals Pocketnow en Español. Android Marshmallow-powered Acer Liquid Jade 2 makes its official debut. Adrian Diaconescu February 22, 2016 5:17 am. Although it’s definitely learning and growing in the smartphone landscape, Acer wasn’t able to surprise us at the Mobile World Congress quite like LG or Sony , let alone capture the spotlight in a Samsung way , despite there being no secrets in anticipation of the Galaxy S7 announcement .. Well, there weren’t any substantial question marks regarding the Liquid Jade 2, aka Marshmallow take on the Windows 10 Mobile-based Jade Primo , which is why today’s low-profile Barcelona introduction might pass largely unnoticed.. Striking family resemblance and repetitive specs aside however, the Acer Liquid Jade 2 isn’t half bad, adopting an “award-winning” design language with a “sleek and slim profile, curved back cover that fits comfortably in the hand and ergonomic 2.5D Corning Gorilla Glass screen.”. In short, the 5.5-inch Android is stylish, arched and compact, not to mention a photography whiz, thanks to a 21MP rear-facing camera with phase-detection autofocus and dual-LED flash, plus an 8MP selfie shooter supporting an 84-degree wide angle.. Before you jump to conclusions, no, this isn’t meant to stand up to your Snapdragon 820-powered/4GB RAM/Quad HD 2016 flagships. It compromises in all three departments for the sake of affordability, with SD808 punch, 3 gigs of memory and Full HD display resolution, though there’s no official word on pricing yet.. Since it obviously lacks Continuum PC transformative capabilities, the hope is it’ll cost less than the Liquid Jade Primo, possibly as little as €500 on the old continent. If you feel that could be a tad rich for your blood, keep in mind “up to 1TB hybrid storage” is also offered, with 32GB local space, microSD expansion, and plenty of additional free cloud depository.. Acer , Android , Liquid Jade 2 , Liquid Jade Primo , MWC , MWC 2016 , News. Acer , Android , Liquid Jade 2 , Liquid Jade Primo , MWC , MWC 2016 , News. Adrian has had an insatiable passion for writing since he was in school and found himself writing philosophical essays about the meaning of life and the differences between light and dark beer. Later, he realized this was pretty much his only marketable skill, so he first created a personal blog (in Romanian) and then discovered his true calling, which is writing about all things tech (in English).. Check out our MWC 2018 coverage!. Wireless Sony Xperia Ear Duo headset starts at $280 with Dual Listening support. ‘Extended’ Sony Xperia XZ2 and XZ2 Compact feature new designs, Snapdragon 845 power. Lenovo 500e and 300e Chromebooks are now available with advanced Touch and Pen features. Lenovo unveils Yoga 730 with Alexa and Cortana, Flex 14 with Active Pen included. 56% off this sturdy, transparent iPhone X case. Shock-proof bluetooth speakers with battery life of 30 hours! — 33% off. Pay what you want for this Python learning bundle. Prolong long-term battery life of your smartphone with this Qi wireless charger. No breaks for Huawei or HTC | #PNWeekly 292. Death, lawsuits and the OnePlus X2 | #PNWeekly 291. 5G crisis, 10GB RAM, Huawei P20 potentials | #PNWeekly 290. Why do Sony Xperia phones still exist? “The next paradigm shift.”. Tim Cook: $999 is “value price” for iPhone X because of EIPs and “discounts”. Panay: Surface Pro 5? How about “meaningful change” with your “Surface Pro Next.... Huawei MateBook X Pro: The ‘Pro’ is for progress (Video). Huawei MediaPad M5 & M5 Pro Hands-On (Video). LG V30S+ ThinQ Hands-On: “Dat name, tho!” (Video). About Us Contact Us Tip Us Terms and Conditions Privacy Policy. All rights reserved, Hagshama Keebali Investments Two General Partnership. Pocketnow.com - Smartphone, Tablet, and Wearable reviews, videos, editorials, and news. 
