Select the department you want to search in. Sign in Account & Lists Sign in Account & Lists Orders Try Prime Cart. Your Amazon.com Today's Deals Gift Cards Registry Sell Help Disability Customer Support. Cell Phones & Accessories Carrier Phones Unlocked Phones Prime Exclusive Phones Accessories Cases Wearable Technology Best Sellers Deals Trade-In All Electronics. Comment: Available to both Prime and Non-prime members. Item will come in original packaging. Fulfillment by Amazon (FBA) is a service we offer sellers that lets them store their products in Amazon's fulfillment centers, and we directly pack, ship, and provide customer service for these products. Something we hope you'll especially enjoy: FBA items qualify for FREE Shipping and Amazon Prime.. If you're a seller, Fulfillment by Amazon can help you increase your sales. learn more about Fulfillment by Amazon. 1-Click ordering is not available for this item.. Alcatel Idol 5S - 32 GB - Unlocked (AT&T/Sprint/T-Mobile/Verizon) - Crystal Grey - Prime Exclusive - with Lockscreen Offers & Ads. This item at this price, sold by Amazon.com, is currently reserved exclusively for Prime members. Prime free trial and invitee customers: We will automatically apply an Amazon.com Gift Card to your Gift Card Balance in the amount equal to the Prime exclusive discount after you become a paid Prime member. If you cancel your paid Prime membership or return the qualifying smartphone within the first 3 months of your paid Prime membership, we may void your Gift Card or charge you in the amount of the Gift Card. Terms and Conditions apply.. Available from these sellers .. Prime Exclusive - With Offers & Ads. Prime Exclusive - With Offers & Ads. Standard Version - Without Offers & Ads. Offers and ads display on the phone’s lockscreen. The latest version of the app disables lockscreen offers and ads. Fast 4G LTE speed, 2.0 GHz Qualcomm Snapdragon 625 octa-core processor, 3 GB of RAM and 32 GB internal memory with the option to add up to 512 GB of microSD expandable memory. Brilliant 5.2” full HD (1080p) display to enjoy your videos and pictures with metal and 2.5D glass design with dual 3.6-watt front-facing speakers with stereo sound. 12 MP rear-facing camera and 8 MP front-facing camera with video stabilization for high quality photos and videos. Built-in fingerprint sensor grants you exclusive access to your device. Enjoy the best of Android 7.1 Nougat with split screen view, Google Play Store, Google Maps, Gmail, and Google Assistant for hands-free voice commands. Unlocked for freedom to choose your carrier. Compatible with AT&T, T-Mobile, Sprint, and Verizon networks. Prime members get unlimited access to Prime movies and TV shows, Prime Music, Prime Photos storage, deals, and more with a pre-installed selection of Amazon apps. This shopping feature will continue to load items. In order to navigate out of this carousel please use your heading shortcut key to navigate to the next or previous heading.. Customers who viewed this item also viewed. Page 1 of 1 Start over Page 1 of 1. Alcatel IDOL 4S Unlocked 4G LTE Android Smartphone with VR Goggles and JBL Headset -32GB - (AT&T/T-Mobile). Alcatel Idol 4S Unlocked 4G LTE Android Smartphone. ZTE Axon 7 Mini - 32gb - Factory Unlocked Phone - (Platinum Grey). Honor 5X Unlocked Smartphone, 16GB Dark Grey (US Warranty). Alcatel IDOL 4S Windows 10 OS 5.5 Inch FHD GSM Unlocked 64GB 21MP Camera Smartphone with Advanced Security Fingerprint Scanner. ALCATEL OneTouch Idol 3 Global Unlocked 4G LTE Smartphone, 4.7 HD IPS Display, 16GB (GSM - US Warranty). This shopping feature will continue to load items. In order to navigate out of this carousel please use your heading shortcut key to navigate to the next or previous heading.. Customers who bought this item also bought. Page 1 of 1 Start over Page 1 of 1. Alcatel Idol 5S case, KuGi [Scratch Resistant] Premium Flexible Soft TPU Case for Alcatel Idol 5S smartphone(Black). Alcatel Idol 5S case, KuGi [Scratch Resistant] Premium Flexible Soft TPU Case for Alcatel Idol 5S smartphone(Clear). Alcatel Idol 5S Screen protector, KuGi 9H Hardness HD clear Tempered Glass Screen Protector for Alcatel Idol 5S smartphone(Clear). [2-PACK]-Mr Shield For Alcatel Idol 5S [Tempered Glass] [Full Cover] [Black] Screen Protector with Lifetime Replacement Warranty. [2-Pack] Supershieldz for Alcatel Idol 5S Tempered Glass Screen Protector, [Full Screen Coverage] Anti-Scratch, Bubble Free, Lifetime Replacement Warranty (Black). Alcatel Idol 5S case, KuGi ultra-thin MX style PU Cover + TPU Back Wallet stand Case For Alcatel Idol 5S smartphone(Black). What other items do customers buy after viewing this item?. Moto G Plus (5th Generation) - Lunar Gray - 64 GB - Unlocked - Prime Exclusive - with Lockscreen Offers & Ads. Honor 6X Unlocked Smartphone, Dual Lens Camera and Dual SIM Standby, 3GB RAM, 32 GB ROM, Gray. Find answers in product info, Q&As, reviews. Please make sure that you are posting in the form of a question.. Don't see what you're looking for?. There was a problem completing your request. Please try your search again later.. Enjoy an immersive viewing experience with the stunning 5.2-inch Full HD display with clear and crisp sound from the dual 3.6-watt front-facing speakers. Experience VR in the complete VR Launcher, viewable from the universal headset Alcatel UNI360. The IDOL 5S features a stunning design with a sleek metal and 2.5D glass body with a slim profile and aluminum frame for a premium look and feel.. The built-in fingerprint sensor grants you instant and exclusive access to your device and select apps, and lets you take photos without hitting the shutter button.. High quality photos that stand out. Take high quality photos ready to share with the 12 MP large pixel rear camera with dual-tone flash and 8 MP front camera with flash. Stand out in social media feeds with fun new camera features that make your photos pop.. The octa-core Qualcomm Snapdragon 625 powers the premium experiences of the IDOL 5S, so users can enjoy a superior performance, faster response times and fast connectivity coupled with outstanding battery life with the 2620 mAh battery that effectively puts in the hours.. The IDOL 5S runs the Android 7.1 Nougat OS. Multi-task more efficiently with two windows open at once with Split Screen View, and experience your own personal Google with Google Assistant. Schedule appointments, shuffle your playlist, send messages and much more, activated simply by saying “Ok Google”.. The best of Amazon on Android. Popular pre-installed Amazon apps allow quick access to your content, order history, wish list, shipment updates, and more.. A single sign-on experience provides Prime members with instant access to tens of thousands of movies and TV episodes, over one million songs, unlimited photo storage and backup, free 2-day shipping, and more.. Shop a personalized selection of daily deals right from the home screen using the Amazon Widget.. An unlocked phone is a device that is not bound to any carrier or plan. It allows you to choose your phone first and your carrier second. Upon selecting a plan, simply insert the carrier's SIM card into the phone and you're ready to go. If you decide you want to change carriers down the road or want to take an international trip, it's as simple as replacing your existing SIM card with a new SIM and activating your new plan.. What are the benefits of an unlocked phone?. Freedom: Choose the carrier with the best service or price. If you find a better deal later, you have the ability to change to a different carrier.. Travel: Take your phone internationally and use the carrier of your choice. It's as easy as inserting an active SIM card.. Selection: Choose the phone with the features you want, whether or not your carrier sells it, and get more service options without a contract.. How do I set up my unlocked phone?. The first thing you’ll need is a SIM card for your desired carrier. When activated, the SIM card will let your phone connect to your carrier’s network. If you decide to upgrade to a newer unlocked phone in the future, you can easily remove the SIM card from your old phone and put it in your new phone—just make sure you get the right size of SIM card (nano, micro, or standard) for your phone. If you want to use your phone while traveling internationally, you can easily buy a SIM card for a carrier that operates where you’re traveling. As long as it’s activated, you can just swap SIM cards when you arrive at your destination.. Offer Type: Prime Exclusive - With Offers & Ads. The Alcatel IDOL 5S is designed to immerse, impress and perform, offering all in features, powerful performance and thoughtful high-end experiences, all in a value-packed device.. Offer Type: Prime Exclusive - With Offers & Ads. 5.8 x 0.3 x 2.8 inches. Currently, item can be shipped only within the U.S. For APO/FPO shipments, please check with the manufacturer regarding warranty and support issues. This item is not eligible for international shipping. #224,036 in Cell Phones & Accessories ( See Top 100 in Cell Phones & Accessories ). #3,968 in Cell Phones & Accessories > Unlocked Cell Phones. Product Warranty: For warranty information about this product, please. If you are a seller for this product, would you like to suggest updates through seller support ?. Would you like to tell us about a lower price ?. 5 star 44% 4 star 22% 3 star 10% 2 star 8% 1 star 16%. Share your thoughts with other customers. There was a problem filtering reviews right now. 4.0 out of 5 stars It's a solid phone, but I think that there are better one's out there at this price point.. Offer Type: Prime Exclusive - With Offers & Ads | Verified Purchase. I have been the owner of the previous iterations of the Idol line from Alcatel. It started with the Idol 3, then last year I picked up the Idol 4s, and later I also got the Idol 4. The Alcatel Idol line has always been exciting for me for the features that it offers at a very reasonable price point. Last year Alcatel stepped it up and included a bunch of accessories (especially with the Idol 4s), but this year they went more towards the budget market and went bare bones in the box. I have only been using the phone for 3 days so far, but here are my thoughts up to this point: Build Quality: 4.3/5 - I like the look and feel of the Idol 5s this year. It is very similar to the Idol 4 from last year, but they did move the location of some of the buttons and ports (the shell of the phone is identical though). The glass and metal combine for an appealing look, one that looks more expensive than the phone actually is. My biggest complaint here is that there are some pretty massive bezels at the top and the bottom of the phone that feel like they could have been filled with a longer screen (though I recognize that this could cause the price to increase). Screen: 4.5/5 - The 5.2" 1080P screen on the Idol 5s looks great and gets quite bright. You should no issues seeing it in the brightest of lights. My only complaint here would be that I wish they would have gone with a 5.5" screen like the Idol 4s had. Performance: 4.8/5 - In some ways Alcatel actually downgraded the processor on this phone vs. last years phone, but I am sort of glad that they did. In my use the Snapdragon 625 processor that is used in this phone is not only relatively snappy, but it is also quite efficient as well. So far the phone has been able to handle everything that I've thrown at it with no hiccups. Gaming performance will be great for just about all games except the absolute heaviest graphic intensive games, and even those will still play fine. The 625 processor is combined with 3gb of RAM, which gives you a decent amount of multitasking capabilities. Battery Life: 4.1/5 - The 625 is a great processor for efficiency, but unfortunately Alcatel skimped on the battery size this year. The 5s has a 2620 mAH battery, which so far has been able to give me just over 4 hours of screen on time. For an average user that will get you through a full day. For me, I am plugging it in late at night with around 10-15% battery. It can make it through a full day, but I find myself having to stretch it out to get it there. They don't mention this anywhere, but this does also have QuickCharge 2.0 speeds for faster charging. Software: 5/5 - This is running the most recent version of Android (7.1.1), and the software is darn near stock. Alcatel included a number of features in the software that are quite useful, my favorite of which are the fingerprint scanner gestures (see the attached video). Cameras: 4.6/5 - The cameras on the Idol 5s seem right on par with those from the Idol 4, which is to say that they are actually quite good in my experience. When taking lower light photos the camera tends to over brighten the colors a bit, but it takes significantly better low-light pictures than most phones at this price point (the Honor 6x is probably the best though). Speakers: 4.8/5 - The speakers aren't JBL tuned this year, but they are still very loud and pleasant. They aren't the loudest or the best I've heard, but they are still quite good for a cell phone. Would I recommend this to friends and family? Tough call. I would personally encourage them to get a Moto G5 Plus over this phone, but none-the-less, this phone still is a solid option, I just wish they would have included a larger battery.. Was this review helpful to you?. 4.0 out of 5 stars Solid Value!. Offer Type: Prime Exclusive - With Offers & Ads | Verified Purchase. Alcatel 5S is a pleasant experience if you haven't tuned your expectations, I evaluate devices for both corporate and personal use and I typically optimize the software and configurations for a security, privacy and performance. Hardware - If you're motivated by specs then this device is no match for One Plus 5 as an example. But if you're looking for a well balanced device as a daily runner with good looks and stable performance at an attractive Prime special price, then this is clear VALUE. It's predecessor heavily focused on Virtual Reality and felt like a device dedicated for it and could even shoot 4K videos. 5S is on point with crisp pictures both front and rear and will get the job done well. The design on this device is particularly attractive with it's curved edges and the well blended dark tone between the display and rather large edges resulting in better perceived screen to body ratio(77.6%). The aluminum frame is sharp and the etched audio grills are balanced. If Alcatel is listening, consider a dark steel grey frame to take it to the next level. The screen size is a big hit with most of my corporate and home users and if the body to screen ratio is optimized, I would become an ongoing fan! Software - I'm a big fan of stock Android, JOY UI on this device is optimal. There isn't too much of a forced uniqueness, for most part it's stock. The parallax effect is a good touch. The device does sport VR app and market if you want to pop the device on to a VR headset. Android Nougat brings all it's natural good stuff including the assistant feature. Device performs well without any noticable stuttering based on a week of normal to heavy usage. Audio - Solid quality output from two front facing 3.6W amplified speakers. Music balance is optimal and conference calls are on point. Battery - At 2620 mAh, this device is no powerhouse but since it's paired with a Snapdragon 625 processor which is optimized for better power consumption. Having said that, I was looking for my charger by 7pm on days of moderate to heavy usage. Review battery consumption after the first few days and optimize apps to push out little more. Network connectivity - The best aspect of this device is the wide support for all US GSM networks including VoLTE on T-mobile for HD voice. Apparently, the device also supports CDMA network bands and with right software updates you could use it with Verizon/Sprint. I wasn't able to test this yet. Device works great on ATT&T, T-Mobile and all it's mvno carriers like straight talk, mint, net 10 etc.. Wrap up - Solid value if you get the prime deal and don't mind or even appreciate a few deals from the Amazon lock screen ads. The device seems to get slightly warm on extended periods of use, it didn't bother me and you will probably not notice if you have a case. Any computing device requires regular maintenance like your car, vendors are a hit or miss based on how easy they make it for the average user to maintain their device. With more computing power comes more responsibility! ;). Was this review helpful to you?. 5.0 out of 5 stars So far so good. Offer Type: Prime Exclusive - With Offers & Ads | Verified Purchase. Very fast processor, games that eat up a lot of memory run very fluid. Camera is solid, takes decent low light photos but you can find better. Only issues with the phone are the fingerprint login which has a tendency to not register every time, and the USB charger is a 3 or C (?) class which is unlike the norm used by most phones. Had to buy a few extra chargers. I also want to note that I was reluctant to purchase the Amazon ads version thinking it might slow down the phone. This is completely false and I haven't paid a second of attention to them. Can't beat this price point, performance is on the same level as any $600+ name brands which I can't for the life of me understand why people continue to buy.. Was this review helpful to you?. That said, I have several issues: 1) there is a camera button. Except it happens to be at the same location where my previous phone's power button. 3.0 out of 5 stars Ok, but I do like it.. 1.0 out of 5 stars Beware Alcatel. This started out as a 4-5 star phone. But with a recent update, Alcatel has added some really annoying features to a particularly invasive and... 1.0 out of 5 stars Alcatel has added some really annoying features to a particularly invasive and persistent piece of .... It was good,but occasionally my finger wouldnt be detected,but it's good other than that. 5.0 out of 5 stars It was good, but occasionally my finger wouldnt be detected. Description is wrong! This is NOT Sprint compatible. I ended up having to take this phone to Cricket and hooking up on the AT&T network. 3.0 out of 5 stars Not Sprint Compatible. I returned it, but only because I bought it as a "Used, Like New" item from Amazon Warehouse Deals, and it arrived in pretty rough condition.. 3.0 out of 5 stars Nice budget phone, works on Verizon.. I purchased this device with the ads a few months ago near the release date. I will try to write a detailed review to convey my experience. 3.0 out of 5 stars Decent, if uninspired budget phone with some large letdowns. This phone has to many software problems despite running the latest version of Android. It has a lot of hiccups, force closes, & stutters. 1.0 out of 5 stars GARBAGE!!. 5.0 out of 5 stars Five Stars. I took my old phone in the pool and needed a cheap replacement. Don't expect the same performance as a more expensive/better model phone. 5.0 out of 5 stars Great phone for the price. See and discover other items: idol 4 , android phones the tmobile , best speakers for music , att cell phone smartphone , 3gb ram phone , android cell phones for verizon. There's a problem loading this menu right now.. Get fast, free shipping with Amazon Prime. Prime members enjoy FREE Two-Day Shipping and exclusive access to music, movies, TV shows, original audio series, and Kindle books.. Careers About Amazon Investor Relations Amazon Devices. Sell on Amazon Sell Your Services on Amazon Sell on Amazon Business Sell Your Apps on Amazon Become an Affiliate Advertise Your Products Self-Publish with Us › See all. Amazon Rewards Visa Signature Cards Amazon.com Store Card Amazon.com Corporate Credit Line Shop with Points Credit Card Marketplace Reload Your Balance Amazon Currency Converter. Your Account Your Orders Shipping Rates & Policies Amazon Prime Returns & Replacements Manage Your Content and Devices Amazon Assistant Help. Amazon Music Stream millions of songs. Amazon Drive Cloud storage from Amazon. 6pm Score deals on fashion brands. AbeBooks Books, art & collectibles. ACX Audiobook Publishing Made Easy. Alexa Actionable Analytics for the Web. Amazon Business Everything For Your Business. AmazonFresh Groceries & More Right To Your Door. AmazonGlobal Ship Orders Internationally. Home Services Handpicked Pros Happiness Guarantee. Amazon Inspire Digital Educational Resources. Amazon Rapids Fun stories for kids on the go. Amazon Restaurants Food delivery from local restaurants. Amazon Video Direct Video Distribution Made Easy. Amazon Web Services Scalable Cloud Computing Services. Audible Download Audio Books. AudiobookStand Discount Audiobooks on Disc. Book Depository Books With Free Delivery Worldwide. Box Office Mojo Find Movie Box Office Data. ComiXology Thousands of Digital Comics. CreateSpace Indie Print Publishing Made Easy. DPReview Digital Photography. East Dane Designer Men's Fashion. Fabric Sewing, Quilting & Knitting. Goodreads Book reviews & recommendations. IMDb Movies, TV & Celebrities. IMDbPro Get Info Entertainment Professionals Need. Junglee.com Shop Online in India. Kindle Direct Publishing Indie Digital Publishing Made Easy. Prime Now FREE 2-Hour Delivery on Everyday Items. Prime Photos Unlimited Photo Storage Free With Prime. Shopbop Designer Fashion Brands. TenMarks.com Math Activities for Kids & Schools. Warehouse Deals Open-Box Discounts. Whole Foods Market America’s Healthiest Grocery Store. Withoutabox Submit to Film Festivals. Woot! Deals and Shenanigans. Zappos Shoes & Clothing. Souq.com Shop Online in the Middle East. Subscribe with Amazon Discover & try subscription services. Conditions of Use Privacy Notice Interest-Based Ads © 1996-2018, Amazon.com, Inc. 
CNET también está disponible en español.. Slick budget phone with a crummy battery. CNET earns fees when you click these offers.. The Good The Idol 5S has a premium build, amazing speakers, a fingerprint reader and it runs Android Nougat -- all while being affordable.. The Bad It has the shortest battery life of any phone we’ve tested in the past two years.. The Bottom Line The Alcatel Idol 5s is an otherwise great budget phone, but the battery is its Achilles’ heel.. Just when you think the world of budget phones has settled, Alcatel comes along with the Idol 5S. At first, this looked to be the best phone you can buy under $300: It has a top-notch look and build, runs Android Nougat 7.1 and has similar hardware to one of our favorite budget phones the Moto G5 Plus. But the battery on the Idol 5S doesn't last long at all. The Alcatel Idol 5S looks slick and premium with its glass front and back.. The Idol 5S sells for $280 which converts to £215 and AU$355. In the US, an Amazon Prime version with lock screen ads pushes that price down to $200.. With its glass front and back, the Idol 5S looks downright fancy. In my hand, it feels like a slick and svelte iPhone 4. The top and bottom of the phone house the Idol's dual speakers which are better than most budget and mid-tier phones. They're excellent for listening to music and videos.. The Idol 5S includes Google Assistant for fast Google queries, finding photos and dictating messages. The 5S has a 2GHz octa-core Qualcomm Snapdragon 625 processor and handles everyday tasks just fine: messaging, social media and playing games like " Super Mario Run ", " Modern Combat 5 " and "Incredible Monster Hero.". There's a fingerprint reader on the back to unlock the phone, and it has a couple tricks. When the phone is unlocked, you can touch and hold the reader to go to the home screen, slide your finger vertically to view notifications or slide your finger horizontally to flip through photos.. Best Phones for 2018. See All. Samsung’s king of phones is excellent, but you'll pay a pretty penny for stylus privileges.. A radical redesign that's nearly all screen includes a new cutting-edge facial recognition.... LG just gave Samsung a run for the money.. But we're still waiting on the Siri-like AI.. The Pixel 2's superb camera makes it worth a look.. This week on CNET News. Homeland Security's tall order: A hacker-free election. 'Annihilation' director wove memory into a dream-like movie. Dogecoin: The joke cryptocurrency that was too real for its own good. Discuss Alcatel Idol 5S. Be respectful, keep it clean and stay on topic. We delete comments that violate our policy , which we encourage you to read. Discussion threads can be closed at any time at our discretion.. CNET may earn fees when you click through to a partner site.. 
How to Block a Number on Any Phone. How to Build Your Smart Home. How to Create an Anonymous Email Account. How to Save Money on Your Cell Phone Plan. How to Set Up Two-Factor Authentication. How to Set Up and Configure Your Wireless Router. Tips Every Amazon Addict Should Know. Hard Drives, Storage, Networking & Backup. Back Antivirus, Safety & Security. Back Browsers & Operating Systems. Best HR Software & Management Systems. Best Self-Service Business Intelligence (BI) Tools. Best Social Media Management & Analytics Tools. Back Cameras & Photo/Video Editing. Best Video Editing Software for Enthusiasts. Best Samsung Galaxy S8 and S8+ Cases. Best Samsung Galaxy Note 8 Cases. Best MacBook Air Cases and Sleeves. Back Smart Home & Wearables. Back Hard Drives, Storage, Networking & Backup. Back Keyboards, Mice, Monitors & Speakers. Back Shows, Events & Holiday. Back TVs & Streaming Media. Best Managed WordPress Web Hosting Services. Best Small Business Web Hosting Services. The Alcatel Idol 5S offers a nice design and solid performance for an attractive price that's subsidized by Amazon Prime ads, but it falls a bit short of similarly priced alternatives. Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. blog comments powered by Disqus. PCMag reviews products independently , but we may earn affiliate commissions from buying links on this page.. View All 9 Photos in Gallery. The Alcatel Idol 5S offers a nice design and solid performance for an attractive price that's subsidized by Amazon Prime ads, but it falls a bit short of similarly priced alternatives.. Amazon's line of ad-subsidized unlocked phones generally all offer solid hardware at a reasonable price, but the Alcatel Idol 5S stands out for having the nicest design of the bunch. It's no Samsung Galaxy S8 , but for $199.99 (or $279.99 without ads), it has a slim and attractive glass-and-metal body. Add to that good overall performance and the latest Android software and it's a solid buy. But it doesn't impress when it comes to high-end gaming, and lacks the extensive LTE bands of the Moto G5 Plus, which remains our Editors' Choice.. Physically speaking, the Idol 5S is nearly identical to its predecessor, the Idol 4S. There's a pane of glass on the front, another one on the back, and a band of metal running around the middle. It's reminiscent of the iPhone 4S, arguably one of the best-looking phones of all time.. The 5S is also rather trim, measuring in at 5.9 by 2.8 by 0.3 inches (HWD) and 5.3 ounces, similar to the Moto G5 Plus (5.9 by 2.9 by 0.3 inches, 5.5 ounces). But while the Idol 5S has a 5.2-inch screen, the G5 Plus has the same-sized panel with less bezel.. There's a volume rocker on the right, a 3.5mm headphone jack on the bottom, and a USB-C charging port on the bottom right. The left side has a ridged power button with a SIM/microSD card slot above it. The latter worked fine with a 256GB card. On the back you'll find a fingerprint sensor.. The 5.2-inch display features 1,920-by-1,080 resolution for 424 pixels per inch ( ppi ). That's just slightly sharper than the larger G5 Plus (401ppi), though it falls short of the Quad HD panel on the ZTE Axon 7 (538ppi). Text and graphics look crisp, the screen is visible from all angles, and you can see it outdoors without much difficulty; I found it to be brighter and less reflective than the G5 Plus. In Display settings you have the ability to change screen temperature to make colors warmer, cooler, and more vivid, and enable Night Screen to lower blue light levels, which are said to keep you up at night.. View All 9 Photos in Gallery. You'll find speakers above and below the display. They make for loud audio, though it's a bit tinny compared with the ZTE Axon 7. Still, it's better than the G5 Plus, which only has one speaker.. Like all Amazon Prime phones, the Idol 5S comes unlocked and supports LTE bands 1/2/3/4/5/7/12/13/17/25/26/41/66. That makes for robust coverage when it comes to all major carriers, including AT&T, Sprint, T-Mobile, and Verizon.. We tested on T-Mobile, and network connectivity was strong in midtown Manhattan, where the phone registered 19.7Mbps down and 7.9Mbps up. Other connectivity options include dual-band Wi-Fi and Bluetooth 4.2. The only thing missing is NFC, which is uncommon to find in this price range.. While transmissions are natural and free from robotic tones, noise cancellation is poor. During a phone call in a noisy environment, lots of background noise came through including traffic, voices, and heavy crackling from wind. It made it difficult to hear on the other end, though the fairly loud earpiece is good for incoming calls. VoLTE is supported, but only on T-Mobile. The Idol 5S is powered by a midrange Qualcomm Snapdragon 625 processor clocked at 2.0GHz, the same chipset used in the G5 Plus. Unsurprisingly, it scored 63,345 on the AnTuTu benchmark, which measures overall system performance, nearly the same as the G5 Plus (63,845). That's better than you get on the Kirin 655-powered Huawei Honor 6X (56,602), but it's no match for the Snapdragon 820-powered Axon 7 (141,989).. The 5S has 3GB of RAM, allowing for smooth overall performance and the ability to multitask. I didn't notice any significant slowdown when opening new apps or switching between apps, though it didn't feel quite as snappy as on the G5 Plus. That's likely because the G5 Plus has 4GB of RAM and a lighter software layer. The difference in performance is more pronounced when it comes to high-end gaming. The Idol 5S was only able to handle a few minutes of GTA: San Andreas before the app crashed. This is a problem we didn't encounter with the G5 Plus.. See How We Test Cell Phones. The Idol 5S clocked 5 hours, 20 minutes in our battery rundown test, in which we stream full-screen video over LTE at maximum brightness. That's about the same as the Honor 6X (5 hours, 35 minutes), but a couple of hours less than the G5 Plus (7 hours, 35 minutes). There's also no fast charging, and the only battery-saving feature you'll find is the default one that comes with Android.. The 12-megapixel rear camera takes solid photos for the price. In good lighting you get a decent level of detail without much noise or grain. Autofocus is a little slow compared with the Moto G5 Plus, especially when it comes to low light. Autoexposure also gets thrown off easily when transitioning between direct sunlight and areas of shadow. Color reproduction is accurate, but looks a little drab if you prefer colors to be saturated and punchy.. With enough time to focus and some tweaking of the ISO using manual controls, the 5S can take clear shots, but if you leave it on auto you'll encounter a fair amount of blur. Video records at 1080p at 30fps and is fairly stable despite a lack of image stabilization. The 8-megapixel front-facing camera takes reasonably sharp pictures.. The Alcatel Idol 5S runs Android 7.1.1 Nougat. It also features the Joy Launcher skin, which doesn't make any visual changes to stock Android, but adds some features under the hood. It supports gestures, like a three-finger swipe to take a screenshot, and flipping the phone face-down to mute it. The phone also has a VR Home launcher and VR Store app preloaded, though it doesn't come with a VR headset. If you're interested in mobile VR, your best bet is a Daydream-compatible Quad HD phone like the Axon 7.. The $199.99 Idol 5S price is subsidized in part by Amazon ads. They appear on the lock screen and as a removable widget on the home screen whether you're logged in to your Amazon account or not. I didn't find them to be too intrusive, but if you can't stand them, you can always always opt for the ad-free version for an additional $80.. There's a significant amount of bloatware on the phone. You'll find 18 preinstalled apps including a number from Amazon, plus Facebook, Goodreads, Next Radio, and others. Out of 32GB of total storage, 19.37GB is available. Fortunately, you can add a microSD card if you need more space.. The Alcatel Idol 5S is a solid unlocked phone that offers good overall performance for a reasonable $200. But it falls a bit short compared with the Moto G5 Plus. While the G5 Plus will cost you $30 to $100 more depending on the configuration, it has a longer-lasting battery, better gaming capabilities, and compatibility with all major US carriers. If you can spend even more, the ZTE Axon 7 gets you flagship-level specs at a midrange price. And if you'd prefer to spend less, the Moto E4 offers reasonably smooth performance and features like a removeable battery and dual-band Wi-Fi for just $130.. Bottom Line: The Alcatel Idol 5S offers a nice design and solid performance for an attractive price that's subsidized by Amazon Prime ads, but it falls a bit short of similarly priced alternatives.. Ajay Kumar is PCMag's Analyst obsessed with all things mobile. Ajay reviews phones, tablets, accessories, and just about any other gadget that can be carried around with you. In his spare time he games on the rig he built himself, collects Nintendo amiibos, and tries his hand at publishing a novel. Hands On: Alcatel Series 5, 3, 1 Phones, 1T Tablets, Linkzone Hotspots. Skyroam Tips $99 4G Roaming Subscription Service. PCMag reviews products independently , but we may earn affiliate commissions from buying links on this page.. Get Our Best Stories! Email Sign Up. Subscribe to What's New Now. This newsletter may contain advertising, deals, or affiliate links. Subscribing to a newsletter indicates your consent to our Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. You may unsubscribe from the newsletters at any time.. Tech on a Budget: 35 Gift Ideas Under $20. 28 Hidden iOS 11 Tips You Need to Know. 13 Must-Have Tech Gifts Under $50. 10 Games Every Nintendo Switch Player Needs. TV Shows to Watch if You Love 'Stranger Things'. How to Master iOS 11's New Control Center. How to Play DVDs in Windows 10. How to Stop Blue Light From Disturbing Your Sleep. PC, PC Magazine and PC PCMag.com are among the federally registered trademarks of Ziff Davis, LLC and may not be used by third parties without explicit permission.. We have updated our PRIVACY POLICY and encourage you to read it by clicking here .. 
The best way to stay connected to the Android pulse. Our main newsletter is the Android Weekly which is sent every Sunday and contains all the top Android news, reviews and features from the past week.. The best way to stay connected to the Android pulse.. 100% Privacy, No Spam Policy: We value privacy and your email address will be 100% secure. We hate spam just like you do and will never send you too much email, nor will we ever share your information with anyone.. by John Velasco July 28, 2017. Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus.. Specs in some areas have been reduced over its predecessor. The Idol 5s is a gorgeous looking phone with a compelling price point, but is let down by a spec downgrade.. was a huge shift for the company in several ways, fashioning together a more premium designed smartphone without the premium cost. For its successor, however, some folks will be both surprised and irked at the same time by its new strategy. On one hand, the phone features specs that might be considered below its predecessor, and on the other, there’s a significant discount with. the phone for those willing to tolerate ads and offers in their face. While $280 for the phone is already tempting on its own, how does $200 sound instead?. Even though recycled designs aren’t a foreign thing in the world of smartphones, Alcatel doesn’t change up the recipe a whole lot with the Idol 5S’ design – one that’s rich with premium qualities. That’s a good thing, as it’s. beautifully crafted from 2.5D glass, sandwiched together by an aluminum frame. In all honesty, it looks exactly like its predecessor, which isn’t a bad thing at all, given the premium look and feel. Although, you’ll want to be especially careful with handling it, just because glass meeting surface doesn’t mesh well. And trust us, the glass construction paired with its oleophobic construction makes it extremely slippery.. One of the stranger aspects of the phone is related to the display, a 5.2-inch 1080p IPS display. Not only has the screen size shrunken. by a mere 0.3-inches, but the resolution too has been scaled back when compared to its QHD predecessor. Don’t get us wrong though, it’s plenty detailed at a pixel density of 424. in the settings to make it colder or warmer in tone.. Initially, you probably think it’s not going to be VR-ready like its predecessor because of that. but it actually is! Yes, it’s not quite as detailed because those pixels aren’t as tightly packed together when your eyes are staring at the screen through a VR headset, but it at least offers a VR experience to begin with – one that has its own content store as well. It’s nothing ornate, as most of the experiences there are elementary as they get in terms of virtual reality.. Opting to go with a Qualcomm Snapdragon 625 chip accompanied with 3 GB of RAM and the Adreno 506 GPU, the only area where we experience any sort of performance issues is with heavy gaming. Obviously, this chipset isn’t meant for that kind of thing, evident by all of the. performances we see in some graphics benchmark tests.. And even though it’s VR-capable, don’t have high expectations here because the duress placed by the intensity of VR causes much of the performance to stutter – something that really distracts from the overall VR experience.. Call it the standard, the Idol 5s comes with a generous 32 GB of internal storage, which can be supplemented via microSD card expansion.. Even with the budget-conscious nature of the phone, it features a fingerprint sensor in its rear, USB Type-C, dual 3.6-watt front-firing speakers, and yes, a 3.5 mm headphone jack as well. That’s a relief and something we’re grateful to see. here – given the already svelte chassis of the phone, it’s great to see they opted to stick with having one.. Going back to those dual front-firing speakers, they complement the video watching experience as audio is projected towards you. And there’s some serious substance to their quality too, producing rumbling low tones and sharp. size over its predecessor, the Idol 5S is accompanied with a lower capacity 2,620. last us for most of the day, but the battery is generally in the red by the time it’s lights out.. Those who intend to be gaming a lot (or attempting it),. or just power users in general,. will find themselves having to recharge the phone routinely. abysmal per se, but just keep a spare charger on you at all times – more so when it doesn’t have some of the rapid charging technologies in other phones.. The phone’s 12 MP rear camera, which is flush with the surrounding surface, seems suspect enough given the nature of its predecessor’s 16 MP snapper, but that’s nothing to be alarmed about. that? Well, it snaps pleasant looking photos for the most part when the situation is ideal. There’s a fair amount of sharpness and vibrant colors in the shots, and it’s especially adept at handling macros.. When it comes to taking selfies, the front-facing 8 MP camera offers a decent balance, conjuring up selfies with suitable details – albeit the muted tone of its color reproduction. Moving onto its low light performance, there are naturally hurdles in the way that prevent it from being THE go-to camera. noisier composition, which doesn’t help either when there’s heavier levels of. Capable of shooting videos up to 1080p resolution, the rear camera struggles with dynamic range, evident in how brighter areas tend to be overblown. Strangely, too, there’s noticeable evidence of. when the lighting conditions are decent, which tends to soften the overall quality. the Idol 5s’ camera performance will suffice for most people,. just know that lighting is crucial in achieving the utmost best results.. Purists will enjoy the fact that the Alcatel Idol 5s is running a mostly untapped version of Android 7.1 Nougat. There’s not too much in the way of customizations or bloatware with the unit we’re checking out. However, if you opt to pick up the Amazon Prime Exclusive version of the phone, just know that you’re going to have to deal with ads and offers in the. from Amazon – it’s just what you’ll have to endure to get the discount price.. with this one, seeing that its earpiece delivers. power that makes it easily recognizable to listen to callers in noisy conditions.. over to the speakerphone, the result it yet again the same, as we didn’t have too many problems trying to decipher callers.. Before we get to our final word, just know that the Alcatel Idol 5s is priced differently depending on which. decide to go with the unlocked, standard version that’s compatible with AT&T & T-Mobile (Sprint and Verizon. is coming later this summer), you’ll have to fork over $279.99 to pick it up. Now, even though we’re bummed by some of the reduction in specs over its predecessor, the $280 tag is still a lower starting price. It’s an option worth thinking about if you’re just looking for something basic, especially when the design looks like it could command a much higher price.. For the biggest savings, however, the Amazon Prime Exclusive version of the phone cuts down the cost to a mere $199.99. That’s not too shabby, made even more attractive given everything we’ve talked about already. Quite honestly, we wouldn’t be too distracted by those ads, so if you’re trying to cut down your investment into a phone, this option is going to be the best route for you.. At the end of the day, the Alcatel Idol 5s is a. gorgeous looking phone with a price point that makes it feel like you’re getting something far more premium. Still, it would’ve been even better if they managed to keep the specs on par to its predecessor – while still coming in at a moderate price level.. Your source for all things Android!. © 2018 Android Authority | All Rights Reserved.. 
Select the department you want to search in. Sign in Account & Lists Sign in Account & Lists Orders Try Prime Cart. Your Amazon.com Today's Deals Gift Cards Registry Sell Help Disability Customer Support. Cell Phones & Accessories Carrier Phones Unlocked Phones Prime Exclusive Phones Accessories Cases Wearable Technology Best Sellers Deals Trade-In All Electronics. has been added to your Cart. Add a Carrier SIM Card for Service Activation:. T-Mobile SIM Starter Kit with Adapter. Cricket BYOD 2.0 Wireless 3-in-1 SIM Card Kit - Pr... 1-Click ordering is not available for this item.. Please enter a valid US zip code.. Please enter a valid US zip code.. Shipping to a APO/FPO/DPO? Please add the address to your address book. Make sure you include the unit and box numbers (if assigned).. Comment: Accessories may have cosmetic damage. Item will come in original packaging. Fulfillment by Amazon (FBA) is a service we offer sellers that lets them store their products in Amazon's fulfillment centers, and we directly pack, ship, and provide customer service for these products. Something we hope you'll especially enjoy: FBA items qualify for FREE Shipping and Amazon Prime.. If you're a seller, Fulfillment by Amazon can help you increase your sales. learn more about Fulfillment by Amazon. 1-Click ordering is not available for this item.. 2-Year Unlocked Cell Phone Accidental Protection Plan. Coverage for drops, spills and product malfunctions. Free shipping on all repairs with $49 deductible. Cancel anytime, full refund in the first 30 days. SquareTrade Protection Plans are only valid for new products purchased at Amazon within the last 30 days. Alcatel Idol 5S Unlocked Smartphone (AT&T/Sprint/T-Mobile/Verizon) - 5.2" HD Screen, 32 GB, 8MP Front-facing Camera, and Android 7.1 Nougat [Crystal Grey]. This item at this price, sold by Amazon.com, is currently reserved exclusively for Prime members. Prime free trial and invitee customers: We will automatically apply an Amazon.com Gift Card to your Gift Card Balance in the amount equal to the Prime exclusive discount after you become a paid Prime member. If you cancel your paid Prime membership or return the qualifying smartphone within the first 3 months of your paid Prime membership, we may void your Gift Card or charge you in the amount of the Gift Card. Terms and Conditions apply.. Only 16 left in stock (more on the way).. Ships from and sold by Amazon.com.. Standard Version - Without Offers & Ads. Prime Exclusive - With Offers & Ads. Standard Version - Without Offers & Ads. 3 GB RAM, 32 GB internal storage with up to 512 GB optional expandable MicroSD memory, outstanding 2.0 GHz Qualcomm Snapdragon 625 Octa-Core processor. Striking 5.2” 1080p HD display and 2.5D glass design with dual 3.6-watt front-facing speakers with stereo sound, and 2620 mAh battery allows for hours of video watching on the go. 12 MP rear-facing and 8 MP front-facing camera with video stabilization make images pop with one-click video editor, 360-degree panorama photos. Ultra fast 4G LTE with Nano-SIM, Android 7.1 Nougat, and the unlocked freedom to choose most carriers. Compatible with AT&T, T-Mobile, and Verizon networks.. Built-in fingerprint sensor grants exclusive device access while the stunning front and back glass, wrapped in a durable aluminum frame, gives the IDOL 5S a slim profile and premium look and feel.. These items are shipped from and sold by different sellers. This item: Alcatel Idol 5S Unlocked Smartphone (AT&T/Sprint/T-Mobile/Verizon) - 5.2" HD Screen, 32 GB, 8MP… $279.99. Only 16 left in stock (more on the way).. Ships from and sold by Amazon.com.. Alcatel Idol 5S case, KuGi [Scratch Resistant] Premium Flexible Soft TPU Case for Alcatel Idol 5S… $7.95. Sold by Vostrostone US and ships from Amazon Fulfillment.. FREE Shipping on orders over $25. Alcatel Idol 5S Screen protector, KuGi 9H Hardness HD clear Tempered Glass Screen Protector for… $7.95. Sold by Vostrostone US and ships from Amazon Fulfillment.. FREE Shipping on orders over $25. This shopping feature will continue to load items. In order to navigate out of this carousel please use your heading shortcut key to navigate to the next or previous heading.. Customers who viewed this item also viewed. Page 1 of 1 Start over Page 1 of 1. Alcatel IDOL 4S Unlocked 4G LTE Android Smartphone with VR Goggles and JBL Headset -32GB - (AT&T/T-Mobile). Alcatel Idol 4S Unlocked 4G LTE Android Smartphone. Alcatel IDOL 4S Windows 10 OS 5.5 Inch FHD GSM Unlocked 64GB 21MP Camera Smartphone with Advanced Security Fingerprint Scanner. Alcatel A50 Unlocked Smartphone (AT&T/T-Mobile) - 5.2" HD Screen, 16 GB, 5MP Camera with Front-facing Flash, and Android 7.1 Nougat [Metal Silver]. Alcatel A30 GSM Unlocked Smartphone (AT&T/T-Mobile) - 5" HD Display, 16 GB, 5MP Selfie Camera, and Android 7.0 Nougat [Black]. ALCATEL OneTouch Idol 3 Global Unlocked 4G LTE Smartphone, 4.7 HD IPS Display, 16GB (GSM - US Warranty). This shopping feature will continue to load items. In order to navigate out of this carousel please use your heading shortcut key to navigate to the next or previous heading.. Customers who bought this item also bought. Page 1 of 1 Start over Page 1 of 1. Alcatel Idol 5S case, KuGi [Scratch Resistant] Premium Flexible Soft TPU Case for Alcatel Idol 5S smartphone(Black). Alcatel Idol 5S case, KuGi [Scratch Resistant] Premium Flexible Soft TPU Case for Alcatel Idol 5S smartphone(Clear). Alcatel Idol 5S Screen protector, KuGi 9H Hardness HD clear Tempered Glass Screen Protector for Alcatel Idol 5S smartphone(Clear). [2-PACK]-Mr Shield For Alcatel Idol 5S [Tempered Glass] [Full Cover] [Black] Screen Protector with Lifetime Replacement Warranty. [5-PACK] Mr Shield For Alcatel Idol 5S Premium Clear Screen Protector with Lifetime Replacement Warranty. [2-Pack] Supershieldz for Alcatel Idol 5S Tempered Glass Screen Protector, [Full Screen Coverage] Anti-Scratch, Bubble Free, Lifetime Replacement Warranty (Black). Find answers in product info, Q&As, reviews. Please make sure that you are posting in the form of a question.. Don't see what you're looking for?. There was a problem completing your request. Please try your search again later.. Enjoy an immersive viewing experience with the stunning 5.2-inch Full HD display with clear and crisp sound from the dual 3.6-watt front-facing speakers. Experience VR in the complete VR Launcher, viewable from the universal headset Alcatel UNI360TM. The IDOL 5S features a stunning design with a sleek metal and 2.5D glass body with a slim profile and aluminum frame for a premium look and feel.. The built-in fingerprint sensor grants you instant and exclusive access to your device and select apps, and lets you take photos without hitting the shutter button.. High quality photos that stand out. Take high quality photos ready to share with the 12MP large pixel rear camera with dual-tone flash and 8MP front camera with flash. Stand out in social media feeds with fun new camera features that make your photos pop.. The Octa-Core Qualcomm Snapdragon 625 powers the premium experiences of the IDOL 5S, so users can enjoy a superior performance, faster response times and fast connectivity coupled with outstanding battery life with the 2620mAh battery that effectively puts in the hours.. The IDOL 5S runs the Android 7.1 Nougat OS. Multi-task more efficiently with two windows open at once with Split Screen View, and experience your own personal Google with Google Assistant. Schedule appointments, shuffle your playlist, send messages and much more, activated simply by saying 'Ok Google'.. 0.29 x 5.85 x 2.83 in. 3.78 x 7.87 x 7.48 in. 0.33 x 5.59 x 2.78 in. 3.4 x 6.3 x 1.8 in. 0.28 x 6.06 x 2.97 in. 3.03 x 5.94 x 0.31 in. Alcatel Idol 5S Unlocked Smartphone (AT&T/Sprint/T-Mobile/Verizon) - 5.2" HD Screen, 32 GB, 8MP Front-facing Camera, and Android 7.1 Nougat [Crystal Grey]. Alcatel IDOL 4S Unlocked 4G LTE Android Smartphone with VR Goggles and JBL Headset -32GB - (AT&T/T-Mobile). Alcatel A30 GSM Unlocked Smartphone (AT&T/T-Mobile) - 5" HD Display, 16 GB, 5MP Selfie Camera, and Android 7.0 Nougat [Black]. ALCATEL OneTouch Idol 3 Global Unlocked 4G LTE Smartphone, 4.7 HD IPS Display, 16GB (GSM - US Warranty). Alcatel IDOL 4S Windows 10 OS 5.5 Inch Unlocked Smartphone with VR Goggles. Alcatel POP 4S Unlocked Android Smartphone-(AT&T/T-Mobile). Offer Type: Standard Version - Without Offers & Ads. Alcatel's unlocked, Idol 5S features Dragontrail 2.5D glass with a bright, crisp 5.2” 1080p, HD display, and lightning fast 4G LTE connectivity. Idol 5S fingerprint scanner allows quick, exclusive access with a simple touch. Take fantastic photos in any light with a front and rear facing LED flash, Rear-facing 12 MP and front-facing 8 MP camera, and multiple capture modes including: panoramic selfies. Store virtually unlimited photos with a standard 32GB internal memory and optional, expandable 512GB microSD card. Get everything done quickly with Google Assitant powered by Android's Nougat 7.1 operating system. Seemlessly switch between apps with Idol's powerful Qualcomm Snapdragon 625 Octa-core processor. Talk and text for up to 20 hours on with a long lasting 2620 mAh battery.* *20 hours of talk time. Offer Type: Standard Version - Without Offers & Ads. 5.8 x 0.3 x 2.8 inches. 14.4 ounces ( View shipping rates and policies ). #125,300 in Cell Phones & Accessories ( See Top 100 in Cell Phones & Accessories ). #2,346 in Cell Phones & Accessories > Unlocked Cell Phones. Manufacturer’s warranty can be requested from customer service. Click here to make a request to customer service.. If you are a seller for this product, would you like to suggest updates through seller support ?. Would you like to tell us about a lower price ?. 5 star 44% 4 star 22% 3 star 10% 2 star 8% 1 star 16%. Share your thoughts with other customers. There was a problem filtering reviews right now. 4.0 out of 5 stars It's a solid phone, but I think that there are better one's out there at this price point.. Offer Type: Prime Exclusive - With Offers & Ads | Verified Purchase. I have been the owner of the previous iterations of the Idol line from Alcatel. It started with the Idol 3, then last year I picked up the Idol 4s, and later I also got the Idol 4. The Alcatel Idol line has always been exciting for me for the features that it offers at a very reasonable price point. Last year Alcatel stepped it up and included a bunch of accessories (especially with the Idol 4s), but this year they went more towards the budget market and went bare bones in the box. I have only been using the phone for 3 days so far, but here are my thoughts up to this point: Build Quality: 4.3/5 - I like the look and feel of the Idol 5s this year. It is very similar to the Idol 4 from last year, but they did move the location of some of the buttons and ports (the shell of the phone is identical though). The glass and metal combine for an appealing look, one that looks more expensive than the phone actually is. My biggest complaint here is that there are some pretty massive bezels at the top and the bottom of the phone that feel like they could have been filled with a longer screen (though I recognize that this could cause the price to increase). Screen: 4.5/5 - The 5.2" 1080P screen on the Idol 5s looks great and gets quite bright. You should no issues seeing it in the brightest of lights. My only complaint here would be that I wish they would have gone with a 5.5" screen like the Idol 4s had. Performance: 4.8/5 - In some ways Alcatel actually downgraded the processor on this phone vs. last years phone, but I am sort of glad that they did. In my use the Snapdragon 625 processor that is used in this phone is not only relatively snappy, but it is also quite efficient as well. So far the phone has been able to handle everything that I've thrown at it with no hiccups. Gaming performance will be great for just about all games except the absolute heaviest graphic intensive games, and even those will still play fine. The 625 processor is combined with 3gb of RAM, which gives you a decent amount of multitasking capabilities. Battery Life: 4.1/5 - The 625 is a great processor for efficiency, but unfortunately Alcatel skimped on the battery size this year. The 5s has a 2620 mAH battery, which so far has been able to give me just over 4 hours of screen on time. For an average user that will get you through a full day. For me, I am plugging it in late at night with around 10-15% battery. It can make it through a full day, but I find myself having to stretch it out to get it there. They don't mention this anywhere, but this does also have QuickCharge 2.0 speeds for faster charging. Software: 5/5 - This is running the most recent version of Android (7.1.1), and the software is darn near stock. Alcatel included a number of features in the software that are quite useful, my favorite of which are the fingerprint scanner gestures (see the attached video). Cameras: 4.6/5 - The cameras on the Idol 5s seem right on par with those from the Idol 4, which is to say that they are actually quite good in my experience. When taking lower light photos the camera tends to over brighten the colors a bit, but it takes significantly better low-light pictures than most phones at this price point (the Honor 6x is probably the best though). Speakers: 4.8/5 - The speakers aren't JBL tuned this year, but they are still very loud and pleasant. They aren't the loudest or the best I've heard, but they are still quite good for a cell phone. Would I recommend this to friends and family? Tough call. I would personally encourage them to get a Moto G5 Plus over this phone, but none-the-less, this phone still is a solid option, I just wish they would have included a larger battery.. Was this review helpful to you?. 4.0 out of 5 stars Solid Value!. Offer Type: Prime Exclusive - With Offers & Ads | Verified Purchase. Alcatel 5S is a pleasant experience if you haven't tuned your expectations, I evaluate devices for both corporate and personal use and I typically optimize the software and configurations for a security, privacy and performance. Hardware - If you're motivated by specs then this device is no match for One Plus 5 as an example. But if you're looking for a well balanced device as a daily runner with good looks and stable performance at an attractive Prime special price, then this is clear VALUE. It's predecessor heavily focused on Virtual Reality and felt like a device dedicated for it and could even shoot 4K videos. 5S is on point with crisp pictures both front and rear and will get the job done well. The design on this device is particularly attractive with it's curved edges and the well blended dark tone between the display and rather large edges resulting in better perceived screen to body ratio(77.6%). The aluminum frame is sharp and the etched audio grills are balanced. If Alcatel is listening, consider a dark steel grey frame to take it to the next level. The screen size is a big hit with most of my corporate and home users and if the body to screen ratio is optimized, I would become an ongoing fan! Software - I'm a big fan of stock Android, JOY UI on this device is optimal. There isn't too much of a forced uniqueness, for most part it's stock. The parallax effect is a good touch. The device does sport VR app and market if you want to pop the device on to a VR headset. Android Nougat brings all it's natural good stuff including the assistant feature. Device performs well without any noticable stuttering based on a week of normal to heavy usage. Audio - Solid quality output from two front facing 3.6W amplified speakers. Music balance is optimal and conference calls are on point. Battery - At 2620 mAh, this device is no powerhouse but since it's paired with a Snapdragon 625 processor which is optimized for better power consumption. Having said that, I was looking for my charger by 7pm on days of moderate to heavy usage. Review battery consumption after the first few days and optimize apps to push out little more. Network connectivity - The best aspect of this device is the wide support for all US GSM networks including VoLTE on T-mobile for HD voice. Apparently, the device also supports CDMA network bands and with right software updates you could use it with Verizon/Sprint. I wasn't able to test this yet. Device works great on ATT&T, T-Mobile and all it's mvno carriers like straight talk, mint, net 10 etc.. Wrap up - Solid value if you get the prime deal and don't mind or even appreciate a few deals from the Amazon lock screen ads. The device seems to get slightly warm on extended periods of use, it didn't bother me and you will probably not notice if you have a case. Any computing device requires regular maintenance like your car, vendors are a hit or miss based on how easy they make it for the average user to maintain their device. With more computing power comes more responsibility! ;). Was this review helpful to you?. 5.0 out of 5 stars So far so good. Offer Type: Prime Exclusive - With Offers & Ads | Verified Purchase. Very fast processor, games that eat up a lot of memory run very fluid. Camera is solid, takes decent low light photos but you can find better. Only issues with the phone are the fingerprint login which has a tendency to not register every time, and the USB charger is a 3 or C (?) class which is unlike the norm used by most phones. Had to buy a few extra chargers. I also want to note that I was reluctant to purchase the Amazon ads version thinking it might slow down the phone. This is completely false and I haven't paid a second of attention to them. Can't beat this price point, performance is on the same level as any $600+ name brands which I can't for the life of me understand why people continue to buy.. Was this review helpful to you?. That said, I have several issues: 1) there is a camera button. Except it happens to be at the same location where my previous phone's power button. 3.0 out of 5 stars Ok, but I do like it.. 1.0 out of 5 stars Beware Alcatel. This started out as a 4-5 star phone. But with a recent update, Alcatel has added some really annoying features to a particularly invasive and... 1.0 out of 5 stars Alcatel has added some really annoying features to a particularly invasive and persistent piece of .... It was good,but occasionally my finger wouldnt be detected,but it's good other than that. 5.0 out of 5 stars It was good, but occasionally my finger wouldnt be detected. Description is wrong! This is NOT Sprint compatible. I ended up having to take this phone to Cricket and hooking up on the AT&T network. 3.0 out of 5 stars Not Sprint Compatible. I returned it, but only because I bought it as a "Used, Like New" item from Amazon Warehouse Deals, and it arrived in pretty rough condition.. 3.0 out of 5 stars Nice budget phone, works on Verizon.. I purchased this device with the ads a few months ago near the release date. I will try to write a detailed review to convey my experience. 3.0 out of 5 stars Decent, if uninspired budget phone with some large letdowns. This phone has to many software problems despite running the latest version of Android. It has a lot of hiccups, force closes, & stutters. 1.0 out of 5 stars GARBAGE!!. 5.0 out of 5 stars Five Stars. I took my old phone in the pool and needed a cheap replacement. Don't expect the same performance as a more expensive/better model phone. 5.0 out of 5 stars Great phone for the price. Amazon Giveaway allows you to run promotional giveaways in order to create buzz, reward your audience, and attract new followers and customers. This item: Alcatel Idol 5S Unlocked Smartphone (AT&T/Sprint/T-Mobile/Verizon) - 5.2" HD Screen, 32 GB, 8MP Front-facing Camera, and Android 7.1 Nougat [Crystal Grey]. This shopping feature will continue to load items. In order to navigate out of this carousel please use your heading shortcut key to navigate to the next or previous heading.. Page 1 of 1 Start over Page 1 of 1. Sony Xperia XA2 Ultra Factory Unlocked Phone - 6" Screen - 32GB - Black (U.S. Samsung Galaxy express Prime Unlocked 4G LTE J320A 16GB Quad Core LCD 5" Android 6.0 Desbloqueado. Sony Xperia X Compact - Unlocked Smartphone - 32GB - Black (US Warranty). Moto E4 Plus 4G LTE Dual Sim XT1771 16GB Finger Print Reader Quad Core 3Gb RAM 13MP Front Flash International Version Desbloqueado. Samsung - Galaxy Note8 4G LTE with 64GB Memory Cell Phone (Unlocked) - Deepsea Blue. Samsung Galaxy G550T On5 GSM (Metro PCS) Unlocked 4G LTE Android Smartphone - Black - (Certified Refurbished). See and discover other items: verizon smartphones 4g. There's a problem loading this menu right now.. Get fast, free shipping with Amazon Prime. Prime members enjoy FREE Two-Day Shipping and exclusive access to music, movies, TV shows, original audio series, and Kindle books.. Careers About Amazon Investor Relations Amazon Devices. Sell on Amazon Sell Your Services on Amazon Sell on Amazon Business Sell Your Apps on Amazon Become an Affiliate Advertise Your Products Self-Publish with Us › See all. Amazon Rewards Visa Signature Cards Amazon.com Store Card Amazon.com Corporate Credit Line Shop with Points Credit Card Marketplace Reload Your Balance Amazon Currency Converter. Your Account Your Orders Shipping Rates & Policies Amazon Prime Returns & Replacements Manage Your Content and Devices Amazon Assistant Help. Amazon Music Stream millions of songs. Amazon Drive Cloud storage from Amazon. 6pm Score deals on fashion brands. AbeBooks Books, art & collectibles. ACX Audiobook Publishing Made Easy. Alexa Actionable Analytics for the Web. Amazon Business Everything For Your Business. AmazonFresh Groceries & More Right To Your Door. AmazonGlobal Ship Orders Internationally. Home Services Handpicked Pros Happiness Guarantee. Amazon Inspire Digital Educational Resources. Amazon Rapids Fun stories for kids on the go. Amazon Restaurants Food delivery from local restaurants. Amazon Video Direct Video Distribution Made Easy. Amazon Web Services Scalable Cloud Computing Services. Audible Download Audio Books. AudiobookStand Discount Audiobooks on Disc. Book Depository Books With Free Delivery Worldwide. Box Office Mojo Find Movie Box Office Data. ComiXology Thousands of Digital Comics. CreateSpace Indie Print Publishing Made Easy. DPReview Digital Photography. East Dane Designer Men's Fashion. Fabric Sewing, Quilting & Knitting. Goodreads Book reviews & recommendations. IMDb Movies, TV & Celebrities. IMDbPro Get Info Entertainment Professionals Need. Junglee.com Shop Online in India. Kindle Direct Publishing Indie Digital Publishing Made Easy. Prime Now FREE 2-Hour Delivery on Everyday Items. Prime Photos Unlimited Photo Storage Free With Prime. Shopbop Designer Fashion Brands. TenMarks.com Math Activities for Kids & Schools. Warehouse Deals Open-Box Discounts. Whole Foods Market America’s Healthiest Grocery Store. Withoutabox Submit to Film Festivals. Woot! Deals and Shenanigans. Zappos Shoes & Clothing. Souq.com Shop Online in the Middle East. Subscribe with Amazon Discover & try subscription services. Conditions of Use Privacy Notice Interest-Based Ads © 1996-2018, Amazon.com, Inc. 
GSM 850 / 900 / 1800 / 1900. HSDPA 850 / 1700(AWS) / 1900 / 2100. LTE band 1(2100), 2(1900), 3(1800), 4(1700/2100), 5(850), 7(2600), 12(700), 13(700), 17(700), 25(1900), 26(850), 41(2500), 66(1700/2100). HSPA 42.2/5.76 Mbps, LTE-A (2CA) Cat6 300/50 Mbps. 148.6 x 70.9 x 7.4 mm (5.85 x 2.79 x 0.29 in). IPS LCD capacitive touchscreen, 16M colors. 5.2 inches, 74.5 cm 2 (~70.8% screen-to-body ratio). 1080 x 1920 pixels, 16:9 ratio (~424 ppi density). 12 MP (f/2.0, 1/2.8", 1.25 µm), phase detection autofocus, dual-LED dual-tone flash. Geo-tagging, touch focus, face detection, HDR, panorama. 8 MP (f/2.0, 1/3.2", 1.4 µm). - Active noise cancellation with dedicated mic. Wi-Fi 802.11 a/b/g/n/ac, dual-band, WiFi Direct, hotspot. Fingerprint (rear-mounted), accelerometer, gyro, proximity, compass. SMS(threaded view), MMS, Email, Push Email, IM. We can not guarantee that the information on this page is 100% correct. alcatel Idol 5s (USA) - user opinions and reviews. For the record, this does have a FM radio chip. Xiaomi Redmi Note 4 and HTC X10 wants to talk with you.... This phone is probably marketed to people who would prefer a slightly smaller, lighter phone, reasonably quick, decent camera, very good speakers, starts out at least with up-to-date software (although Alcatel don't have a stellar record with updates.... Samsung Apple Nokia Sony LG HTC Motorola Huawei Microsoft Lenovo Xiaomi Google Acer Asus Oppo OnePlus Meizu BlackBerry Alcatel ZTE Toshiba Vodafone Energizer XOLO Lava Micromax BLU Gionee vivo LeEco Panasonic HP YU verykool Maxwest Plum. alcatel Idol 4s Motorola Moto G5 Plus alcatel Idol 5 alcatel Idol 5s Xiaomi Mi 3 ZTE Axon 7 mini. alcatel 3x alcatel 3 alcatel 1x alcatel 5 alcatel 3v alcatel Pixi 4 (5). 
Submit a Tip / Contact Us. Alcatel IDOL 5S goes official, Nokia 6 US orders open w/ Amazon’s latest Prime. Facebook Twitter Google Pinterest LinkedIn Reddit. Amazon’s Prime Exclusive program isn’t a stranger to bringing just-announced smartphones to the market, but it’s not often that we see phones go official for the first time through the program. Amazon has just launched 5 new smartphones for the Prime Exclusive program including the unannounced Alcatel IDOL 5S.. The best gifts for Android users. As per usual, this smartphone lineup consists of pretty basic affordable devices. That’s headlined by the Alcatel IDOL 5S which costs $279 at full retail or $199 with Amazon ads. The phone offers up a 5.2-inch 1080p display, Snapdragon 625 processor, 3GB of RAM, 32GB of storage, Android 7.1, front-facing stereo speakers, and a rear-facing fingerprint sensor on that glass back. It looks quite a bit like 2016’s IDOL 4, just with uglier speaker grills.. It looks quite a bit like 2016’s IDOL 4, just with uglier speaker grills. For the price it looks like an excellent device, and I’m especially happy to see the fingerprint sensor make its way to Alcatel’s less expensive devices.. The other big story in this lineup is the addition of the Nokia 6. HMD Global revealed just yesterday that the phone would be coming to Amazon, and today pre-orders are officially open. As previously revealed, the phone runs on top of the Snapdragon 430 processor, 3GB of RAM, 32GB of storage, and Android 7.1.. The Nokia 6 is built from an aluminum unibody shell and is available in black, silver, and copper. It also offers up a 16MP rear camera and 5.5-inch 1080p IPS display as well. Pricing for the Nokia 6 lands at $179 with ads, or $229 without. Do keep in mind, though, that the 6 does only offer partial LTE support for AT&T.. The Moto E4 also makes its unlocked debut today through the Prime Exclusive program. The shockingly decent phone lands at just $99 with ads and $129 at full retail , both versions with full compatibility across all US carriers. As with the Verizon prepaid variant, this phone offers up a 5-inch 720p display, Snapdragon 425 processor, 2GB of RAM, 16GB of storage, a 2,800 mAh battery, and Android 7.1.. Lastly we have two other budget devices from Alcatel — the A30 Plus and A50. The former is an upgraded, larger model of the incredibly cheap Alcatel A30 which is also a part of the Prime Exclusive program. The A30 Plus offers up a quad-core processor, 2GB of RAM, 16GB of storage, and a larger 5.5-inch 720p display. There’s also a 13MP rear camera and Android Nougat. For now, this one is only available for GSM carriers, but a Verizon version is coming soon. For $79 , it seems like a great deal.. Alcatel’s other budget device is the A50. If this device sounds a little familiar, that’s because it’s the crazy phone we saw back at MWC with an LED rear cover. At $99 with ads , the A50 offers a 1.5GHz quad-core processor, 2GB of RAM, 16GB of storage, a 5.2-inch 720p display, 13MP camera, and Nougat. The phone is partially modular which means you can add-on the LED cover or a speaker module that enhances the volume. The LED cover is available in a bundle that costs $129 with ads .. All of these phones are currently available for pre-order at Amazon today. The Moto E4 will be the first shipping to customers on June 30th with the rest all available starting on July 10th.. Check out 9to5Google on YouTube for more news!. Ben is a writer and video producer for 9to5Google. The Best Pixel 2 screen protector. Samsung Galaxy S9: Here's what you probably missed. Sony Xperia XZ2, XZ2 Compact are redesigned flagships w.... Zolo Mojo Review: Google Home Mini gets a sound upgrade. 'Reply' creates smart replies in your notifications. blog comments powered by Disqus. 
GSM 850 / 900 / 1800 / 1900. HSDPA 850 / 900 / 1900 / 2100. LTE band 1(2100), 3(1800), 7(2600), 8(900), 20(800), 28(700). HSPA 42.2/11.5 Mbps, LTE Cat4 150/50 Mbps. 148.6 x 72 x 7.5 mm (5.85 x 2.83 x 0.30 in). IPS LCD capacitive touchscreen, 16M colors. 5.2 inches, 74.5 cm 2 (~69.7% screen-to-body ratio). 1080 x 1920 pixels, 16:9 ratio (~424 ppi density). Octa-core (4x2.35 GHz Cortex-A53 & 4x1.65 GHz Cortex-A53). 12 MP (f/2.0, 1/2.8", 1.25 µm), phase detection autofocus, dual-LED dual-tone flash. Geo-tagging, touch focus, face detection, HDR, panorama. 8 MP (f/2.0, 1/3.2", 1.4 µm). - Active noise cancellation with dedicated mic. Wi-Fi 802.11 a/b/g/n/ac, dual-band, WiFi Direct, hotspot. 2.0, Type-C 1.0 reversible connector, USB On-The-Go. Fingerprint (rear-mounted), accelerometer, gyro, proximity, compass. SMS(threaded view), MMS, Email, Push Email, IM. - Fast battery charging (Pump Express 2.0). Up to 500 h (2G) / Up to 500 h (3G). Up to 18 h (2G) / Up to 18 h (3G). We can not guarantee that the information on this page is 100% correct. alcatel Idol 5s - user opinions and reviews. Got myself a Sony XA1 Plus with same SoC better build, bigger battery, miles better camera, regular updates, 4GB ram, cheaper like i got for $300+, etc. Where can I fix my screen. i accidentally broke my screen and the touchscreen is not responding. Samsung Apple Nokia Sony LG HTC Motorola Huawei Microsoft Lenovo Xiaomi Google Acer Asus Oppo OnePlus Meizu BlackBerry Alcatel ZTE Toshiba Vodafone Energizer XOLO Lava Micromax BLU Gionee vivo LeEco Panasonic HP YU verykool Maxwest Plum. Alcatel Idol 5s, Idol 5, A7 XL, A7 hands-on review. alcatel Idol 5 alcatel Idol 4s alcatel Idol 4 alcatel 5 alcatel Idol 5s (USA) alcatel Idol 3 (5.5). alcatel 3x alcatel 3 alcatel 1x alcatel 5 alcatel 3v alcatel Pixi 4 (5). 
Cheap unlocked and waiting for you. Alcatel Idol 5S unveiled with Snapdragon 625, heads to Amazon for just $199. Save $80 off the retail price of an Alcatel Idol 5S by picking up a variant with lock screen ads.. Alcatel has unveiled its latest budget handset, the Idol 5S. The phone is powered by the Snapdragon 625, and will go up for sale on Amazon starting July 10 for $279. If you don't mind seeing lock screen ads, you can pick up the Prime Exclusive edition right now for just $199 , an $80 discount from its retail price. Alcatel is also making the A50 and A30 Plus available on Amazon for $99 and $79 respectively.. The $80 discount is the largest offered for a phone in the Prime Exclusive lineup , which recently added the Nokia 6 and Moto E4.. For $199, there's plenty to like in the Idol 5S, which has a 5.2-inch Full HD display with 2.5D curved glass, Snapdragon 625, 3GB of RAM, 32GB storage, microSD slot, 12MP rear camera, 8MP front camera with a flash module, stereo speakers at the front, and 2620mAh battery. The Idol 5S is initially compatible with AT&T and T-Mobile, but a software update that will roll out over the summer will add support for Sprint and Verizon.. For $199, there's plenty to like in the Idol 5S.. The highlight of the A50 is its customizability, with Alcatel offering snap-on cases called Snapbak that bring added functionality. The LightUp Snapbak case, for instance, adds an LED ring around the frame of the device, lighting up for calls, texts, and other notifications. There's also a speaker accessory called the Sound Snapbak that adds a 2.5W speaker with a built-in kickstand to the back of the A50.. The phone itself features a 5.2-inch 720p display, unnamed quad-core processor, 2GB of RAM, 16GB storage, microSD, 13MP camera at the back, 5MP front shooter, and a 2800mAh battery. The standard variant of the A50 retails for $149, with the ad-subsidized model available for $99. Amazon is also offering a bundle with a Snapbak LED case for $129, a $70 discount from its retail price of $199.. The A30 Plus has a similar configuration as the A50, with a few notable changes: it has a 5.5-inch 720p screen, and a slightly larger 3000mAh battery. Both the A50 and A30 Plus are compatible with AT&T and T-Mobile, and a software update will allow the A50 to work on Verizon later this year. The Idol 5S runs Android 7.1 Nougat out of the box, whereas the A50 and A30 Plus come with Android 7.0 Nougat.. What do you guys think of Alcatel's latest phones?. Pixel 2 & Pixel 2 XL. Careers: Writer | Dev. 
Idol 5S gives buyers a lot for their buck, but can it beat the Moto G5 Plus?. The Idol 5S offers a lot of phone for a very reasonable price. The Idol 5S offers a lot of phone for a very reasonable price. The Idol 5S offers a lot of phone for a very reasonable price. Smaller battery over last year’s Idol 4S. 3D Mark Sling Shot Extreme: 464. A light take on Android Nougat. Phone Reviews Product Reviews. smartphone from TCL-owned Alcatel didn’t wow us. It distanced itself from the rest of the pack with some key advantages, but at $400, the asking price was simply too high. Alcatel has taken that lesson to heart this time around. In our Alcatel Idol 5S review, we found the phone to retain much of what worked with its predecessor, but it’s offered in an easier-to-swallow $280 price tag.. Like Alcatel’s previous contender, the Idol 5S makes an excellent first impression. Not only does it feel like a high-end device in your hand, but it manages something even some more expensive phones can’t – it stands out.. Idol 5S’ metal frame extends just slightly over the top and bottom of the body to house the phone’s loud, dual front-facing speakers, as well as the antenna bands. It’s not terribly different from last year’s design, for good reason. It looked great then, and it looks great now.. On the front, the sheet of Asahi Dragontrail scratch-resistant glass curves slightly at the edges, which makes swiping off-screen feel very smooth. The glass around the back likely isn’t going to win a battle against the pavement, but it sure does have a nice sheen to it.. From the rear, the Idol 5S looks nearly identical to last year’s model, between the center-mounted fingerprint sensor and branding. One notable difference is the camera, which has been relocated to the top left. The Idol 4S’ user-programmable “Boom Key,” which served various functions in different apps has unfortunately been removed.. In our testing, the fingerprint sensor responded quickly when the lock screen was active. When the display was off, however, it took a hair longer to unlock.. If the design and build quality haven’t taken a hit, you might wonder where Alcatel cut costs to get the Idol 5S out for $120 less than its predecessor. The answer becomes apparent the moment you wake the phone’s 5.2-inch display.. The Idol 5S trades the 4S’ 5.5-inch 2,560 x 1,440 resolution AMOLED panel for a smaller 1,920 x 1,080 LCD unit. A QHD screen would have been an unexpected luxury on a sub-$300 device, and the one Alcatel has replaced it with is satisfyingly bright and vibrant.. Alcatel’s handset was nearly flawless in terms of overall performance.. Word to the wise, though: the “Vivid” color option that is enabled out of the box will make your apps, photos, and videos look almost cartoonish with oversaturation. Fortunately, you have the ability to turn it off in the display settings.. Under the hood is Qualcomm’s Snapdragon 625 processor, paired with 3GB of RAM, and a 2,620 mAh battery. Much like the display, the 625 is a step back from the 652 in last year’s Idol 4S. But it’s strong enough that we didn’t see any problems in daily usage.. Alcatel’s handset was nearly flawless in terms of overall performance. Launching and switching apps was quick and painless, and most tasks, like browsing in Chrome, perusing Facebook, and streaming YouTube videos were handled with ease. There were odd stutters in the Google Play Store from time to time, but the Idol 5S rarely missed a beat in testing.. The specs indicate the Idol 5S is right on target with some other popular devices in price tier, like the recently-released Moto G5 Plus. The benchmarks showed that was the case.. The Idol 5S’s 3DMark test is one point higher than the G5 Plus. Its AnTuTu score of 63,374 was similarly a hair above the G5 Plus’ 63,190.. In terms of storage, the Idol 5S comes in just one 32GB configuration. It’s the bare minimum for a phone in 2017, and for most it will suffice. However, the aforementioned G5 Plus offers double the capacity as well as an extra gigabyte of RAM for just $20 more. Fortunately, the Idol 5S has a MicroSD card slot you can use to expand space.. The lower resolution screen and more efficient 625 chipset means Alcatel was able to get away with downsizing the battery in the Idol 5S to 2,620mAh. A little extra juice would have been nice, considering other phones in this segment, like Huawei’s Honor 6X , well surpass the 3,000mAh mark. Even the $180 Moto E4 Plus. Nevertheless, the Idol 5S delivers typical longevity. A day of moderate usage consisting of phone calls, Spotify streaming over Bluetooth, an hour’s worth of YouTube videos and some basic web and email browsing got us down to 35 percent by the end of the night, nearly 13 hours since taking it off the charger. If you’re a bit more careful, you should be able to stretch it past the one-day mark.. The lack of near-field communication , or NFC, is a little more disappointing. Unfortunately, it’s fairly common for phones in this price range to skimp out on the technology used for contactless transactions like Android Pay. A few years ago, this wouldn’t have been a major issue. But today, more and more stores, banks, and devices. are jumping on the tap-and-pay bandwagon every month – and the omission is becoming an increasingly frustrating one.. Recharging won’t be as quick as its competitors — although the Idol 5S utilizes USB-C, it lacks fast charging capabilities.. Alcatel has included a host of camera features in the Idol 5S, like the ability to take 360-degree photos, a mode for recording light trails at night, and even a “Cinemagraph” mode to capture still images with subtle motion. In spite of all the bells and whistles, however, the photography experience is just average.. The Idol 5S’ rear shooter is rated at 12 megapixels with an f/2 aperture and large 1.25-micron pixels on the image sensor designed to improve low-light photography. That’s not bad for a budget device, but in the real world, the results are mixed.. In the right scenario — outdoors with balanced lighting — the Idol 5S can hold its own against competitors with vibrant and detailed shots. When lighting is scarce, or fails to illuminate the scene evenly, the camera has trouble reconciling the differences between light and dark. The result can leave you with some washed out and dull photos, where highlights and shadows are left lacking color and definition.. As far as the camera interface is concerned, Alcatel’s app is simple, easy-to-use, and lag-free. Its layout actually bears a strong resemblance to the iPhone’s built-in camera app, though the Idol 5S claims one notable advantage – manual controls for things like ISO, white balance, and shutter speed.. The Idol 5S runs Android version 7.1.1 Nougat, and like most phone makers, Alcatel has made some modifications to the experience. While that would be a point of contention for purists who demand Google’s unadulterated vision for the platform, the changes are subtle and add a few welcome features.. For example, the lock screen has a customizable row of shortcuts at the bottom. There’s a convenient three-finger swipe shortcut to snap a screenshot. And the selection of Alcatel’s stock software, from the file manager to the aforementioned camera app, is well-designed and not intrusive. Bloatware is thankfully nonexistent, outside of FM listening app NextRadio, and Xender File Transfer.. Your software experience will be dependent on how you purchase your Idol 5S. Alcatel and Amazon are selling a Prime Exclusive. version of the phone at a greatly reduced cost — $200. The downsides, of course, are lockscreen ads and an assortment of Amazon apps.. If you don’t mind Amazon offers mixed in with your notifications, the Idol 5S becomes a sweet deal at that price.. The Idol 5S is available in the United States exclusively through Amazon. It retails for $280, though the Prime Exclusive version, for customers of the online retailer’s subscription service, is just $200.. Alcatel’s warranty covers defects and product failures up to a year following the date of purchase. It does not include normal wear-and-tear or water damage, and is voided if you root your phone, or use it in in tandem with accessories “not supplied or recommended” by the company.. Alcatel Idol 5S Compared To. The Alcatel Idol 5S is a jack of all trades that doesn’t necessarily outperform its rivals, but nevertheless offers a lot of phone for a reasonable price. Sadly, the budget market is extremely competitive and there are better options to choose.. With 3GB of RAM and 32GB of storage, the Idol 5S falls right smack dab between the two configurations of the Moto G5 Plus. – the 2GB/32GB version at $230, and the 4GB/64GB option at $300. So if you’re already willing to fork over $280 for the Alcatel, another $20 can get you more memory, more internal storage, a bigger battery, and a better camera. It’s certainly worth the added expense. If you spring for the Prime Exclusive version of the Moto G5 Plus, it will set you back just $240.. There’s also the lower-end Moto E4 Plus to consider. While it may feature an inferior processor compared to the Idol 5S, it costs far less — $180, with another Amazon ad-supported version available for only $140. A battery equal in size to the E4 Plus’ 5,000mAh is rare, making it one of the few cheap smartphones to truly deliver on the promise of two-day battery life.. There’s another contender worthy of consideration: The Huawei Honor 6X. Huawei’s 5.5-inch, dual camera-toting budget phone was already an excellent value at $250, but recently it’s been popping up at retailers for just $200. Fitted with 3GB of RAM, a larger 3,340mAh battery, and the company’s own Kirin 655 chipset, it’s an excellent value at the price point. For more options in this price range, check out our best cheap phones. If you don’t crack the screen, the Idol 5S should last 2 years at the least. As far as software updates are concerned, things get a little murkier. The benefit of an unlocked phone is that updates aren’t left languishing for months pending carrier approval. But Alcatel doesn’t have the best track record with regard to timely system updates, so you may have to wait quite a while before receiving Android O. – if it arrives at all.. At $280, we believe you’ll get a better bang for your buck with the marginally more expensive Moto G5 Plus.That’s not to say the Idol 5S isn’t a compelling product — it has dual front-facing speakers, great performance, day-long battery life, and a solid software experience. If you can put up with the ads, the $200 Prime Exclusive variant is one of the best values on the market.. Add Us To Your Social Channels. Digital Trends helps readers keep tabs on the fast-paced world of tech with all the latest news, fun product reviews, insightful editorials, and one-of-a-kind sneak peeks. 
This web site uses cookies to improve your experience. By viewing our content, you are accepting the use of cookies. To find out more and change your cookie settings, please. Newsletters All Writers Log In to ZDNET Join ZDNet About ZDNet Preferences Community Newsletters Log Out. Alcatel Idol 5S first look: Best Amazon Prime exclusive, only $200 buys you a lot of phone. Alcatel makes affordable, solid phone hardware and the Alcatel Idol 5S is a winner. The mid-tier specs, elegant hardware design, and pure Android offer what others provide at half the price.. for Smartphones and Cell Phones. | July 23, 2017 -- 12:21 GMT (20:21 GMT+08:00). Specifications Processor : Qualcomm Snapdragon 625 Display : 5.2 inch 1920x1080 pixels resolution IPS LCD with 2.5D glass Operating system : Android 7.1.1 Nougat RAM : 3GB Storage : 32GB internal with microSD expansion card slot Cameras : Rear 12 megapixel with 1.2µm pixel, f/2.0 aperture camera. Front 8 megapixel with f/2.0 aperture and 1.4µm pixel Battery : 2620 mAh Wireless connectivity : WiFi, Bluetooth 4.2, NFC Sensors : Fingerprint, G-Sensor, Gyroscope, Compass, Ambient Light, Proximity Dimensions : 148.6 x 70.9 x 7.37 mm and 148.8 grams Hardware first thoughts. If you are looking for a very affordable smartphone that runs a pure version of Android, then you should consider one of the Amazon Prime exclusive phones. You can buy one with or without lock screen offers and ads, but they are not really bothersome and can save you $30 to $80.. Samsung Galaxy S9: Pricing, pre-order and launch dates. The best and worst of the MWC. The best VPN services: Out 10 favorite vendors for protecting your privacy. Running Windows 10? Here's how Microsoft plans to milk more profits out of its cash cow. A couple of weeks ago I took a look at the Nokia 6 and then switched to testing the Alcatel Idol 5S. I prefer the Alcatel Idol 5S, it's only $20 more, due to the better processor, stereo speakers, and use of a modern USB Type-C port.. The Alcatel Idol 5S is a GSM unlocked device that works on T-Mobile and AT&T in the US, in addition to other GSM carriers. There may be models for Sprint and Verizon coming later this year as well.. The Alcatel Idol 5S follows similar design language to the BlackBerry DTEK60 and Alcatel Idol 4S with Windows 10 produced by TCL within the last year. That is to say, it is a very well designed smartphone with glass front and back panels, aluminum sides, dual stereo front speakers, and rear fingerprint scanner.. The Alcatel Idol 5S is a bit smaller than those 4S designs with a 5.2 inch display, made from Asahi Dragontrail glass from Japan. The glass front and back have curved edges with a silver aluminum frame that stands out from the black front and back.. The bottom houses a USB Type-C port and 3.5mm headset jack, along with one mic. Another mic opening is on the top. Above and below the display you will see seven small openings in the aluminum frame that indicate where the stereo speakers can be found.. The power button is on the left with the SIM/microSD card tray above it. The volume button is on the upper right side. A round fingerprint scanner is positioned in the upper center of the back. The camera and flash are in the upper left corner of the back. Alcatel and Idol branding are found on the back too.. Like the Nokia 6, the Alcatel Idol 5S is close to a Google Pixel/Nexus device with a pure version of Google Android. I tested the Prime Exclusive version that comes with ads on the lock screen and Amazon apps installed out of the box. The ads are not intrusive and I would install most of the apps anyway so it is worth the cost savings, in my opinin.. Amazon apps installed on the device include; Amazon Music, Amazon Prime Photos, Audible, Kindle, Amazon Drive, Prime Now, IMDb, Goodreads, Prime Video, Amazon Alexa, and the Amazon shopping app.. There are a few other apps installed by Alcatel; compass, email, file explorer, image gallery, music player, sound recorder, Xender file transfer, and a couple VR apps. You can buy the Alcatel VR headset to use with this phone, similar to the one that came with the Idol 4S with Windows that I had earlier this year.. The default launcher is called the Joy Launcher. It is a basic Android launcher that looks like the Google Launcher without the Google Now cards display. I prefer the Google Launcher so installed that to use while testing the Idol 5S.. The Idol 5S runs Android 7.1.1 and currently has the June 2017 Android security update. The settings area is stock Android, as well as the application launcher.. Most of the phones I have been using lately have 5.5 inch or larger displays so it was a bit refreshing going back to a slim 5.2 inch device for a few days. I like Alcatel's glass sandwich designs and the 5S is a pleasure to hold and use with soft, oleophobic glass that does well with fingerprints.. The front stereo speakers on the Idol 5S sound great, better than most phones I have tried with stereo speakers. I was enjoying some Amazon Music in my office when my wife walked in and couldn't believe it was my phone playing the music. It is also great to see a standard 3.5mm headset jack still being used.. Alcatel Idol 5S Amazon Prime exclusive: in... 1 - 5 of 11. I thought the display was AMOLED at first because the colors are vibrant and the black on the wallpaper I am using is very dark. I understand it is a LCD though, but looks great with 1080p resolution.. The more I use these stock Android devices, the less tolerant I become of phones that have too much of their own customization of the software experience. It is nice to use a phone like this with the latest version of Android and an interface that lets you build it up from a core base.. Battery life was fine, but when I pushed it I definitely had to charge it up in the late afternoon to get through a long day of usage. I didn't expect a multiple day phone with a 2620 mAh battery though.. At $200, $280 for the one without ads, you can't go wrong with the Alcatel Idol 5S. I like it better than the Nokia 6 and it clearly shows that low cost Android phones today and so much better than those of the past.. ​Samsung to sell Galaxy S9 super slow-mo image sensors. Subscribers up but profit down for Amaysim in 2018 first half. MWC 2018: Telstra using AFL app for LTE-B launch. At Mobile World Congress, Samsung advances with DeX Pad and may just will it to success. Please review our terms of service to complete your newsletter subscription. By registering you become a member of the CBS Interactive family of sites and you have read and agree to the Terms of Use , Privacy Policy and Video Services Policy. You agree to receive updates, alerts and promotions from CBS and that CBS may share information about you with our marketing partners so that they may contact you by email or otherwise about their products or services.. You will also receive a complimentary subscription to the ZDNet's Tech Update Today and ZDNet Announcement newsletters. You may unsubscribe from these newsletters at any time.. You have been successfully signed up. To sign up for more newsletters or to manage your account, visit the Newsletter Subscription Center .. Privacy Policy | Cookies | Ad Choice | Advertise | Terms of Use | Mobile User Agreement. Select Site CBS Cares CBS Films CBS Radio CBS.com CBSInteractive CBSNews.com CBSSports.com Chowhound CNET College Networks GameSpot Last.fm MaxPreps Metacritic.com Moneywatch mySimon Radio.com Search.com Shopper.com Showtime TechRepublic The Insider TV.com UrbanBaby.com ZDNet. Manage | Log Out. 
more ... more .... more ... more .... MEMORY: 32 GB + MicroSD. Thin body, measuring less than 7.5mm/0.3inches (0.29 inches). Succeeding the Alcatel Idol 4 from 2016, the Idol 5S is built around an aluminum frame, and seems to be a nice mid-range smartphone. Running Android 7.1 Nougat, the device features a 5.2-inch 1080p display, dual front-facing speakers for stereo sound, fingerprint sensor, an 8 MP front-facing camera, and a 12 MP rear camera. The Idol 5S is powered by an octa-core Qualcomm Snapdragon 625 processor, further offering 3 GB of RAM, 32 GB of expandable internal memory, and a 2620 mAh battery.. Dimensions: 5.85 x 2.79 x 0.29 inches (148.6 x 70.9 x 7.4 mm). Weight: 5.25 oz (149 g) the average is 5.6 oz (159 g). Resolution: 1080 x 1920 pixels. Features: Oleophobic coating, Ambient light sensor, Proximity sensor. Pixel density - The pixel density of a display represents the number of pixels over an area of one inch. It’s measured in “pixels per inch”, or ppi. The higher the number, the more detailed and good-looking the display is.. Screen-to-body ratio - Shows what part of the frontal area of a phone its screen occupies.. Software Features: Touch to focus, Face detection, Self-timer, Digital zoom, Geo tagging. Settings: Exposure compensation, ISO control, White balance presets. Shooting Modes: High Dynamic Range mode (HDR). Features: Digital image stabilization, Video calling, Video sharing. Aperture size - The aperture of a camera is the opening through which light travels before it reaches the camera sensor. The smaller the number is, the bigger this opening is, allowing for more light to pass.. Camera sensor size - A bigger camera sensor is able to capture more light, and thus produce better photos.. Pixel size - The size of an individual pixel on a camera's sensor. Octa-core, 2000 MHz, ARM Cortex-A53, 64-bit, 14 nm. System chip - Most modern handsets use an advanced chip that includes many of the device’s hardware modules like the processor, Wi-Fi, Bluetooth and sometimes even the wireless radio. This field shows what particular system chip (or System-on-a-Chip) is used in the phone.. Processor - The processor is the main computing component of a phone and is a major factor when it comes to the overall speed of the device. Some more powerful smartphones use dual-core and quad-core processors designed to deliver greater performance.. Graphics processor - The graphics processor is important for the smooth operation of the system and especially in games and other applications that may involve complex graphics and animations.. System memory - System memory, or RAM memory is the type of memory that the device uses to temporarily store data from the OS or currently-running apps. The more RAM available to the device, the better the performance will be when multiple or heavier programs are running.. Built-in storage - Bigger storage capacity allows you to keep more content saved onto your device, such as more applications, photos or video. Games and video content typically take up the biggest amount of storage space.. Storage expansion - Some handsets allow you to expand their storage capacity by using a memory expansion card – most often microSD. Expansion memory is mostly suitable for media storage, such as photo, video or music content.. Talk time (3G): 20.00 hours the average is 19 h (1147 min). Stand-by time (3G): 31.4 days (753 hours) the average is 25 days (590 h). Capacity - The bigger, the better! However, battery capacity is not the only factor that has an effect on battery life. Those include the chipset in use, the software running on the device, as well as the consumer's unique usage pattern.. Multimedia Screen mirroring: Wireless screen share. Filter by: Album, Artist, Genre, Playlists. Features: Album art cover, Background playback. Cellular GSM: 850, 900, 1800, 1900 MHz. UMTS: 850, 1700/2100, 1900, 2100 MHz. LTE (FDD): Bands 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 7, 12, 13, 17, 25, 26. Data: LTE-A Cat 6 (300/50 Mbit/s), HSDPA+ (4G) 42.2 Mbit/s, HSUPA 5.76 Mbit/s. Accelerometer, Gyroscope, Compass, Hall (for flip covers). Other features: Voice dialing, Voice commands, Voice recording. 802.11 a, b, g, n, ac, dual-band. Features: Mass storage device, USB charging. Other: Tethering, Computer sync, OTA sync. Positioning - This field shows the positioning systems supported by the device. The most common types are GPS and A-GPS.. GPS - This is one of the most widespread global positioning technologies, developed and maintained by the U.S. It uses satellites in order to detect your location. A-GPS - A-GPS stands for Assisted GPS and is the industry standard for positioning and navigation. “Assisted” means that it can use local wireless networks, in addition to satellites, for quicker and more precise localization.. Availability Officially announced: 27 Jun 2017. Shopping information MSRP price: $ 280. FCC approval - The Federal Communications Commission (FCC) is an independent United States government agency, directly responsible to Congress. The FCC was established by the Communications Act of 1934 and is charged with regulating interstate and international communications by radio, television, wire, satellite and cable. The FCC's jurisdiction covers the 50 states, the District of Columbia, and U.S. Every wireless phone device that is sold in the U.S. has to be tested and approved for sale by the FCC.. Date approved - Shows the date when the particular phone is approved by the Federal Communications Commission. FCC ID value - Shows the FCC Identifying value of the particular phone. FCC measured SAR - Working closely with federal health and safety agencies, such as the Food and Drug Administration (FDA), the FCC has adopted limits for safe exposure to radiofrequency (RF) energy. These limits are given in terms of a unit referred to as the Specific Absorption Rate (SAR), which is a measure of the amount of radio frequency energy absorbed by the body when using a mobile phone. The FCC requires cell phone manufacturers to ensure that their phones comply with these objective limits for safe exposure. Any cell phone at or below these SAR levels (that is, any phone legally sold in the U.S.) is a "safe" phone, as measured by these standards. The FCC limit for public exposure from cellular telephones is an SAR level of 1.6 watts per kilogram (1.6 W/kg).. To see the full specifications with in-depth details click here.. We list only the specs that are different than the main variant. Alcatel Idol 5S (International version). Octa-core, 2300 MHz, ARM Cortex-A53, 64-bit, 16 nm. System chip - Most modern handsets use an advanced chip that includes many of the device’s hardware modules like the processor, Wi-Fi, Bluetooth and sometimes even the wireless radio. This field shows what particular system chip (or System-on-a-Chip) is used in the phone.. Processor - The processor is the main computing component of a phone and is a major factor when it comes to the overall speed of the device. Some more powerful smartphones use dual-core and quad-core processors designed to deliver greater performance.. Graphics processor - The graphics processor is important for the smooth operation of the system and especially in games and other applications that may involve complex graphics and animations.. Talk time: 18.00 hours the average is 20 h (1229 min). Stand-by time: 21.0 days (504 hours) the average is 21 days (502 h). Talk time (3G): 18.00 hours the average is 19 h (1147 min). Stand-by time (3G): 21.0 days (504 hours) the average is 25 days (590 h). Stand-by time (4G): 21.0 days (504 hours) the average is 23 days (549 h). Capacity - The bigger, the better! However, battery capacity is not the only factor that has an effect on battery life. Those include the chipset in use, the software running on the device, as well as the consumer's unique usage pattern.. GSM: 850, 900, 1800, 1900 MHz. UMTS: 850, 900, 1900, 2100 MHz. LTE (FDD): Bands 1, 3, 7, 8, 20, 29. Data: LTE Cat 4 (150/50 Mbit/s), HSDPA+ (4G) 42.2 Mbit/s, HSUPA 11 Mbit/s, HSUPA, UMTS. Despite our efforts to provide full and correct Alcatel Idol 5S specifications, there is always a possibility of making a mistake. If you see any wrong or incomplete data, please LET US KNOW .. If you are interested in using our specs commercially, check out our Phone specs database licensing page.. $280 Buy. Pick up the Alcatel Idol 5S for just $200 from Amazon; entry-level Alcatel A30 is only $60. Deal: The unlocked Alcatel Idol 5S with Android 7.1 Nougat is on sale for 22% off. Here are the Amazon Prime Exclusive smartphones you can get with a serious discount right now. Alcatel Idol 5S, A50, and A30 Plus offer decent features at accessible prices. Alcatel Idol 5 visits Geekbench for the second time. Alcatel Idol 5 appears on GFXBench once again, this time with a slight change. The Samsung Galaxy S9 and S9+ have game-changing cameras with variable aperture and 960fps slow-mo video recording. The Big Barcelona Camera Comparison: iPhone X vs Pixel 2 XL vs Note 8. Samsung Galaxy S9 and S9+ rumor review: Specs, design, features, price and release date. Sony presents Xperia XZ2 and XZ2 Compact: new design and Snapdragon 845. Galaxy S9 Exynos edition gets benchmarked against rivals!. Galaxy S9 first camera comparison vs iPhone X, V30, S8. Samsung Galaxy S9 & S9+ hands-on. MWC 2018: top smartphones to expect. Best smartphone you can buy in 2018. Allo is a quality app, but Google isn't giving it a real chance. All content (phone reviews, news, specs, info), design and layouts are Copyright 2001-2018 phoneArena.com. Reproduction in whole or in part or in any form or medium without written permission is prohibited! Privacy. 
more ... more .... more ... more .... Alcatel Idol 4s vs Alcatel Idol 5S Size compare. Device type Smart phone Smart phone. Dimensions 6.06 x 2.97 x 0.28 inches (153.9 x 75.4 x 6.99 mm) 5.85 x 2.79 x 0.29 inches (148.6 x 70.9 x 7.4 mm). Weight 5.26 oz (149 g) the average is 5.6 oz (159 g) 5.25 oz (149 g) the average is 5.6 oz (159 g). Materials Main body: Glass; Accents: Metal Accents: Aluminum. Physical size 5.5 inches 5.2 inches. Resolution 1440 x 2560 pixels 1080 x 1920 pixels. Features Ambient light sensor, Proximity sensor Oleophobic coating, Ambient light sensor, Proximity sensor. Pixel density - The pixel density of a display represents the number of pixels over an area of one inch. It’s measured in “pixels per inch”, or ppi. The higher the number, the more detailed and good-looking the display is.. Technology - There are two main screen technologies currently used in phones and tablets: LCD and AMOLED. The former usually features a light source and liquid crystals, while the latter is based on organic light-emitting diodes. Newer LCD variations like IPS-LCD and Super-LCD allow for very accurate color reproduction and very wide viewing angles, where no significant image quality loss is observed. Current AMOLED screens differ in such a way that they can exhibit much more saturated colors (sometimes too much) and incredibly high contrast levels, which is due to black color being completely black in AMOLED displays.. Screen-to-body ratio - Shows what part of the frontal area of a phone its screen occupies.. Hardware Features Autofocus Autofocus (Phase detection). Software Features Touch to focus, Geo tagging Touch to focus, Face detection, Self-timer, Digital zoom, Geo tagging. Exposure compensation, ISO control, White balance presets. Shooting Modes High Dynamic Range mode (HDR), Panorama High Dynamic Range mode (HDR). Camcorder 2560x1440 (QHD), 1920x1080 (1080p HD) (60 fps), 1280x720 (720p HD) (120 fps) 1920x1080 (1080p HD) (30 fps). Features Video calling Digital image stabilization, Video calling, Video sharing. Front-facing camera 8 megapixels 8 megapixels. Aperture size - The aperture of a camera is the opening through which light travels before it reaches the camera sensor. The smaller the number is, the bigger this opening is, allowing for more light to pass.. Camera sensor size - A bigger camera sensor is able to capture more light, and thus produce better photos.. Pixel size - The size of an individual pixel on a camera's sensor. Qualcomm Snapdragon 652 8976 Qualcomm Snapdragon 625 8953. Octa-core, 1800 MHz, ARM Cortex-A72 and ARM Cortex-A53, 64-bit Octa-core, 2000 MHz, ARM Cortex-A53, 64-bit, 14 nm. 3 GB RAM 3 GB RAM. Maximum User Storage 25 GB 23 GB. up to 512 GB up to 512 GB. System chip - Most modern handsets use an advanced chip that includes many of the device’s hardware modules like the processor, Wi-Fi, Bluetooth and sometimes even the wireless radio. This field shows what particular system chip (or System-on-a-Chip) is used in the phone.. Processor - The processor is the main computing component of a phone and is a major factor when it comes to the overall speed of the device. Some more powerful smartphones use dual-core and quad-core processors designed to deliver greater performance.. Graphics processor - The graphics processor is important for the smooth operation of the system and especially in games and other applications that may involve complex graphics and animations.. System memory - System memory, or RAM memory is the type of memory that the device uses to temporarily store data from the OS or currently-running apps. The more RAM available to the device, the better the performance will be when multiple or heavier programs are running.. Built-in storage - Bigger storage capacity allows you to keep more content saved onto your device, such as more applications, photos or video. Games and video content typically take up the biggest amount of storage space.. Storage expansion - Some handsets allow you to expand their storage capacity by using a memory expansion card – most often microSD. Expansion memory is mostly suitable for media storage, such as photo, video or music content.. Talk time 13.00 hours the average is 20 h (1229 min). Stand-by time 17.5 days (420 hours) the average is 21 days (502 h). 20.00 hours the average is 19 h (1147 min). 31.4 days (753 hours) the average is 25 days (590 h). Capacity - The bigger, the better! However, battery capacity is not the only factor that has an effect on battery life. Those include the chipset in use, the software running on the device, as well as the consumer's unique usage pattern.. Filter by Album, Artist, Genre, Playlists Album, Artist, Genre, Playlists. Features Album art cover, Background playback Album art cover, Background playback. Speakers Earpiece, Dual speakers Earpiece, Dual speakers. Additional microphone(s) for Noise cancellation for Noise cancellation. GSM 850, 900, 1800, 1900 MHz 850, 900, 1800, 1900 MHz. UMTS 850, 900, 1900, 2100 MHz 850, 1700/2100, 1900, 2100 MHz. LTE (FDD) Bands 28, 20, 8, 3, 1, 7 Bands 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 7, 12, 13, 17, 25, 26. Data LTE Cat 4 (150/50 Mbit/s), HSDPA+ (4G) 42.2 Mbit/s, HSUPA 5.76 Mbit/s LTE-A Cat 6 (300/50 Mbit/s), HSDPA+ (4G) 42.2 Mbit/s, HSUPA 5.76 Mbit/s. Sensors Accelerometer Accelerometer, Gyroscope, Compass, Hall (for flip covers). Notifications Haptic feedback, Music ringtones (MP3), Polyphonic ringtones, Vibration, Flight mode, Silent mode, Speakerphone Service lights, Haptic feedback. Other features Voice dialing, Voice commands, Voice recording Voice dialing, Voice commands, Voice recording. Wi-Fi 802.11 a, b, g, n, ac, dual-band 802.11 a, b, g, n, ac, dual-band. Features Mass storage device, USB charging Mass storage device, USB charging. Navigation Turn-by-turn navigation, Voice navigation Turn-by-turn navigation, Voice navigation. Other NFC, Tethering, Computer sync, OTA sync Tethering, Computer sync, OTA sync. Positioning - This field shows the positioning systems supported by the device. The most common types are GPS and A-GPS.. GPS - This is one of the most widespread global positioning technologies, developed and maintained by the U.S. It uses satellites in order to detect your location. A-GPS - A-GPS stands for Assisted GPS and is the industry standard for positioning and navigation. “Assisted” means that it can use local wireless networks, in addition to satellites, for quicker and more precise localization.. Officially announced 20 Feb 2016 27 Jun 2017. FCC ID value: 2ACCJA024 link. FCC approval - The Federal Communications Commission (FCC) is an independent United States government agency, directly responsible to Congress. The FCC was established by the Communications Act of 1934 and is charged with regulating interstate and international communications by radio, television, wire, satellite and cable. The FCC's jurisdiction covers the 50 states, the District of Columbia, and U.S. Every wireless phone device that is sold in the U.S. has to be tested and approved for sale by the FCC.. Date approved - Shows the date when the particular phone is approved by the Federal Communications Commission. FCC measured SAR - Working closely with federal health and safety agencies, such as the Food and Drug Administration (FDA), the FCC has adopted limits for safe exposure to radiofrequency (RF) energy. These limits are given in terms of a unit referred to as the Specific Absorption Rate (SAR), which is a measure of the amount of radio frequency energy absorbed by the body when using a mobile phone. The FCC requires cell phone manufacturers to ensure that their phones comply with these objective limits for safe exposure. Any cell phone at or below these SAR levels (that is, any phone legally sold in the U.S.) is a "safe" phone, as measured by these standards. The FCC limit for public exposure from cellular telephones is an SAR level of 1.6 watts per kilogram (1.6 W/kg).. To see the full specifications with in-depth details click here.. $400 Buy. $200 Buy. $280 Buy. Samsung Galaxy A8 (2018) Review 6.5. Sony Xperia XA2 and Xperia XA2 Ultra Review 7.8. Huawei Mate 10 Lite Review 8. Jabra Elite 65t wireless earphones Review 8.5. Samsung Galaxy Note 3 vs Samsung Galaxy Note 2. LG V30 Review 8.8. The Samsung Galaxy S9 and S9+ have game-changing cameras with variable aperture and 960fps slow-mo video recording. The Big Barcelona Camera Comparison: iPhone X vs Pixel 2 XL vs Note 8. Samsung Galaxy S9 and S9+ rumor review: Specs, design, features, price and release date. Sony presents Xperia XZ2 and XZ2 Compact: new design and Snapdragon 845. Galaxy S9 Exynos edition gets benchmarked against rivals!. Galaxy S9 first camera comparison vs iPhone X, V30, S8. Samsung Galaxy S9 & S9+ hands-on. MWC 2018: top smartphones to expect. Best smartphone you can buy in 2018. Allo is a quality app, but Google isn't giving it a real chance. All content (phone reviews, news, specs, info), design and layouts are Copyright 2001-2018 phoneArena.com. Reproduction in whole or in part or in any form or medium without written permission is prohibited! Privacy. 
ENGLISH  MENU. You can manage your notification subscription by clicking on the icon. You are Blocked.Please unblock to get news alerts. Click Here to know more.. Also available in: हिन्दी ಕನ್ನಡ മലയാളം தமிழ் తెలుగు বাংলা ગુજરાતી. News Mobile Telecom Wearables Home-Entertainment Apps Laptop Camera Tablet Gaming. Reviews Mobiles Wearables Home-Entertainment Apps Laptops/PC Tablets. How-To Tips and Tricks Mobile Feature Wearable Feature Home-Entertainment Feature Social Media Feature Apps Feature. Gallery Mobiles Concepts Laptops Reviews Wearables Tablets. Videos Reviews How-to First Impression Unboxing Interviews Features. New Devices Search Mobiles Search Laptops Recent Launches Upcoming Mobiles Compare Mobiles Top 10 Mobiles. IFA 2017: Alcatel launches Idol 5S, Idol 5, A7 XL, A7. IFA 2017: Alcatel launches Idol 5S, Idol 5, A7 XL, A7. The Alcatel Idol 5S is the most significant one among the four phones.. Published: Saturday, September 2, 2017, 16:44 [IST]. Looks like Alcatel is on a phone-launch spree. It launched a couple of smartphones a few days back.. Now, the company has unveiled four new smartphones at the ongoing IFA 2017 in Berlin. Namely, the smartphones are Alcatel Idol 5S, Idol 5, A7 XL and A7. All of them fall into the budget to the premium budget range. The Alcatel Idol 5S is the most significant one among the four phones. Both in terms of specs and design. If you want to find out in detail, just scroll down.. Stay tuned to GizBot for more updates!. Alcatel Idol 5S Alcatel Idol 5 Alcatel A7 XL Alcatel A7. The Alcatel Idol 5S and the US based Idol 5S are not the same models. While there are some similarities, they have some key differences as well.. The newly launched Idol 5S is powered by a MediaTek Helio P20 processor and it sports a different design to the US version featuring a Snapdragon 625 SoC.. Besides this, the smartphone flaunts a 5.2-inch IPS LCD display with the resolution of 1080p. As for optics, the Idol 5S uses a 12MP rear camera with f/2.0 aperture and an 8MP selfie shooter. Other goodies in the package include 3GB of RAM and a 2,850mAh battery.. The Alcatel Idol 5S is priced at €399.99 (roughly, Rs. The Idol 5 is equipped with a Quad-core MediaTek MT6753 chipset. The smartphone features a 13MP primary shooter at the rear panel. Up front, there is a 5MP sensor for selfies. Other than that, all the features of the Idol 5 are the same as the Idol 5S.. The Idol 5 is available at €239.99 (approximately Rs. As the name suggests, the Alcatel A7 XL comes with a 6-inch IPS LCD display with the resolution density of 1080p. In addition, there is a large 4,000mAh battery under its hood.. The smartphone makes use of an Octa-core MediaTek MT6750S processor paired with 3GB of RAM.. On the optics front, the A7 XL features a vertically arranged rear dual camera setup comprised of a 12MP main sensor and a 2MP secondary sensor that gives a software blur effect for portrait shots. Likewise, there is a 5MP front camera.. The Alcatel A7 XL will be sold for €279.99 (approximately Rs. While there is no dual camera, the Alcatel A7 boasts of a 16MP main camera. It is also backed up by a 4,000mAh battery. However, the battery is more powerful as the smartphone comes with a smaller 5.5-inch 1080p display.. The Alcatel A7 XL will be available in select markets starting from November. It will carry a price tag of €229.99 (roughly Rs. Stay tuned to GizBot for more updates!. Gizbot Stay updated with latest technology news & gadget reviews. alcatel | news | smartphones | mobiles. Story first published: Saturday, September 2, 2017, 16:44 [IST]. Other articles published on Sep 2, 2017. Xiaomi Redmi Note 5 new variant with better camera configuration coming soon Alcatel 1X, Alcatel 3 and Alcatel 3X official renders leak ahead of MWC 2018 COAI Data: Bharti Airtel continues to hold the top position. DELIVERED TO YOUR INBOX FOR FREE. বাংলা ગુજરાતી हिन्दी ಕನ್ನಡ മലയാളം தமிழ் తెలుగు. News Gear Tablet Laptop Mobile Gadgets Features How-To Gadget Finder. Filmibeat Boldsky Drivespark Goodreturns Native Planet Careerindia Clickin. About Us | Terms of Service | Privacy Policy | RSS | Contact Us | Site Feedback | Sitemap. © Greynium Information Technologies Pvt. Stay updated with latest technology news & gadget reviews - Gizbot. 
News Alcatel Idol 5S live photo spotted online ahead of launch. Alcatel Idol 5S live photo spotted online ahead of launch. The Alcatel Idol 5S is photographed with the Idol 4 showing no major design change except for the speaker grille.. Updated: April 21, 2017 3:16 PM IST. Alcatel had launched a series of smartphones at MWC 2017, which included the U5, A3 and A5 LED. Alcatel was also expected to launch the Idol 5 and Idol 5S smartphones. The smartphones have been spotted online quite a few times giving an idea on what the specifications would be. The Alcatel Idol 5S was last spotted on benchmarking website GeekBench. An alleged live photo of the Alcatel Idol 5S sitting next to last year’s Idol 5 has now been spotted online.. Shared by popular leakster Roland Quandt , the Alcatel Idol 5S photographed is for the carrier Cricket Wireless in the US. It isn’t known yet if this variant would launch globally or not, but nevertheless it gives us an idea of what the smartphone could look like. Only the front panel of the smartphone is visible in the leaked image. Compared to the Idol 4 , the Idol 5S is slightly longer, there is also no physical home button on the Idol 5S, which is the case for the Idol 4 as well. The capacitive touch buttons are visible on the display with the volume rocker and the Boom key located on the right side.. The Boom key can be used to perform certain functions. These include taking photos in burst mode by pressing and holding, shuffling photos in the gallery for a collage or short slideshow, and generating effects in existing videos. Pressing the Boom key while recording a video also turns it into a live broadcast. The Boom key also creates 3D effects for the launcher and live weather display on the home screen. The power button isn’t visible which could be due to the angle of the photo.. The Idol 5S does look quite similar to the Idol 4 with the elongated speaker grille being the noticeable design change. In terms of specifications, the Idol 5S is expected to feature a 5.2-inch full HD display. Under the hood of the smartphone, it could run a MediaTek Helio P20 chipset paired with 3GB of RAM. The smartphone is expected to come with 32GB of onboard storage, which will be expandable via a microSD card. Alcatel Flash with 2 rear, 2 selfie cameras launched: Specifications, features. For photography, the Idol 5S is rumored to sport a 12-megapixel rear camera and an 8-megapixel front camera. On the software front, the Idol 5S is expected to run on Android 7.0 Nougat out-of-the-box. Some rumors suggest that the Idol 5S will come with modular functionality like the Moto Z. As for the other smartphone, the Idol 5 has been rumored to feature a 13-megapixel rear camera with dual-tone LED flash. The smartphone is also said to be powered by a MediaTek octa-core processor. Alcatel U5, A3, A5 LED smartphones and Plus 12 tablet launched at MWC 2017: Specifications, features. Qualcomm’s Snapdragon 625 Octa-Core 2.0GHz Processor. Published Date: April 21, 2017 3:00 PM IST. Updated Date: April 21, 2017 3:16 PM IST. alcatel Alcatel Idol 4 Alcatel Idol 4S Alcatel Idol 5 Alcatel Idol 5S. MWC 2018: ZTE Blade V9, Tempo Go Android Go smartphone launched. Canon's new flash uses AI to perfectly bounce light onto your subject. MWC 2018: Sony Xperia Ear Duo launched. BSNL selects Nokia to launch 4G service in 10 circles. MWC 2018: Sony Xperia XZ2, Xperia X22 Compact hands-on and first impressions. Xiaomi Redmi Note 5 Pro Face Unlock: How does it work?. 7 reasons why the Samsung Galaxy S9 and Galaxy S9+ offer more than the Apple iPhone X. Samsung Galaxy S9, Galaxy S9+ hands-on and first impressions. MWC 2018: Samsung Galaxy S9+ launched: Specifications, features. 7 reasons why the Samsung Galaxy S9 and Galaxy S9+ offer more than the Apple iPhone X. The Xiaomi Mi TV 4 could do for the Indian TV market what the Redmi Note 4 did for smartphones. Are the Xiaomi Redmi Note 5 and Redmi Note 5 Pro worth the upgrade?. Amazon Alexa could get a lot better if it invested in dedicated AI chips. Facebook Likes: The more you know about social media, the more you will want to stay away from it. Xiaomi Redmi Note 5 Pro Review. MWC 2018: Sony Xperia XZ2, Xperia X22 Compact hands-on and first impressions. MWC 2018: ZTE Blade V9, Tempo Go Android Go smartphone launched. Canon's new flash uses AI to perfectly bounce light onto your subject. MWC 2018: Sony Xperia Ear Duo launched. Sony Xperia XZ2, Xperia XZ2 Compact is now official. Xiaomi Redmi Note 5 Pro Face Unlock: How does it work?. MWC 2018: Nokia 1, Nokia 4, Nokia 7+, Nokia 9, Nokia 8 Sirocco rumor roundup. OnePlus 5T vs Honor View10 vs Moto Z2 Force: Cameras compared. Samsung Galaxy S9, Galaxy S9+ rumor roundup. alcatel Alcatel Idol 4 Alcatel Idol 4S Alcatel Idol 5 Alcatel Idol 5S. MWC 2018: Alcatel announces 5 smartphones, 2 tablets. Alcatel A310, POP4 10 tablets available with Reliance Jio Football cashback offer. Alcatel A310 tablet launched in India: Price, specifications, features. Alcatel A3 10 tablet launched at Rs 6,999 in India. Alcatel launches new 4G LTE tablet in India, priced at Rs 10,999. Panasonic P100 स्मार्टफोन को स्नैपडील पर कैशबैक ऑफर के साथ किया पेश. नोकिया के सीईओ ने कहा, 5जी नेटवर्क के लिए दूरसंचार कंपनियों ने समयसीमा में की तेजी. MWC 2018: ZTE ने लॉन्च किये अपने ZTE Blade V9 और Blade V9 Vita स्मार्टफोन. पीएम मोदी ने उबर के सीईओ से चर्चा की. MWC 2018: सोनी ने लॉन्च किया Xperia Ear Duo ईयरबड. MWC 2018: Sony Xperia XZ2, Xperia X22 Compact hands-on and first impressions. MWC 2018: ZTE Blade V9, Tempo Go Android Go smartphone launched. Canon's new flash uses AI to perfectly bounce light onto your subject. MWC 2018: Sony Xperia Ear Duo launched. Sony Xperia XZ2, Xperia XZ2 Compact is now official. Canon #Speedlite 470EX-AI is the most intelligent flash system @CanonUSA #Speedlite #Speedlite buff.ly/2F493wl https://t.co/Zjwmc0zHIp. MWC 2018: Sony Xperia Ear Duo launched @sonyxperia @SonyXperiaIndia @sony_india @Sony … buff.ly/2FzZ1kE. #MWC2018 : Sony #MWC2018 , #MWC2018 launched with bezel-less design @sonyxperia … buff.ly/2FtQbVj. 
https:/ / www.phonescoop.com/ phones/ phone.php? p=5479. 1080 x 1920 pixels 424 ppi. 2620 mAh LiIon Non-removable Talk: 20 hours max. 32 GB raw hardware Expandable via memory card. 12+ megapixel f/2.0, PDAF , dual-tone LED flash panorama, cinemagraph Video: 1080p HD. 5.85 x 2.79 x 0.29 in. 149 x 71 x 7.4 mm. Rating: M4, T3 (mostly tele-coil compatible). Supported Profiles: HSP 1.2, HFP 1.6, OPP , PBA , A2DP 1.2, AVRC 1.3, HID 1.1, SAP 1.1, MAP , HDP version 4.2. lock on left / volume on right. Card Type: microSD up to 512 GB. Alcatel Idol 5S product page ». Find a mistake or omission? Submit a Correction. This affordable Android phone has a sleek metal-and-glass design. Key features include stereo speakers, full-HD display, fingerprint reader, 12-megapixel camera, memory card slot, and 3.5mm audio jack.. This phone has not been released yet. All specifications and features are preliminary and subject to change.. LTE 1 / 2 / 3 / 4 / 5 / 7 / 12 / 13 / 17 / 25 / 26 / 41 / 66. WCDMA 1 / 2 / 4 / 5. CDMA 800 / 850 / 1900. GSM 850 / 900 / 1800 / 1900. IMT (Europe, Asia, Africa, Oceania, Brazil, India, Israel). IMT-E (Canada, South America, Europe, Asia). band 1 (I) / 2100 MHz. IMT (Europe, Asia, Africa, Oceania, Brazil, India, Israel). band 2 (II) / 1900 MHz. band 4 (IV) / 1700 MHz. band 5 (V) / 850 MHz. 800 MHz / band 27 / BC10. 850 MHz / band 5 / BC0. 1900 MHz / band 2 / BC1. Subscribe to updates on this phone with RSS. Review: Kingston DataTraveler Duo Bolt for iPhone. The Kingston DataTraveler Duo Bolt is a small thumb drive that plugs into the bottom of your iPhone and saves all your photos and videos. If you're looking for a quick way to free up space on your iOS device, the DataTraveler Duo Bolt is ideal in certain situations.. Hands On with the Samsung Galaxy S9 and S9+. Samsung's new flagship handsets, the Galaxy S9 and S9+, are here and they offer lots to be excited about. Samsung took the wining design of last year's phones and upped the ante with improvements to the chassis, cameras, and software.. Review: ZTE Avid 4 for MetroPCS. ZTE's latest low-cost handset for MetroPCS offers entry-level specs and performance. It includes a 5-inch screen, 8-megapixel camera, and Android 7 Nougat. MetroPCS customers can score this handset for next to nothing, but there might be better options. Here is Phone Scoop's in-depth review.. Review: WeBoost Drive Sleek In-Car Signal Booster. WeBoost's Drive Sleek in-vehicle signal booster amplifies wireless signals inside your car. If you're a mobile professional or road trip fanatic and need better wireless performance when behind the wheel, the WeBoost can help.. Review: Tech 21 Evo Check Case for Pixel 2 XL. Tech 21's latest accessory for the Google Pixel 2 XL is the Evo Check, a three-layer case that provides protection for drops up to three meters. We put this case to the test to see if it's worth your hard-earned dollars.. Review: Coolpad Revvl Plus for T-Mobile. The Revvl Plus is an affordable Android slab that delivers an enormous screen at a reasonable price point. Stand-out features include a dual-camera system for capturing bokeh-style portraits, and a fingerprint reader for security. Here is Phone Scoop's in-depth report.. Review: IK Multimedia iRig Pro I/O for iPhone. The iRig Pro I/O is a compact audio interface that lets musicians, singers, and podcasters connect their instruments or microphones to Apple iPhones, iPads, and Macs. It takes all the best features of the larger iRig Pro Duo and boils them down to the most essential tools in a highly portable package.. Review: Speck Presidio Ultra Case for iPhone X. Speck's newest case for the Apple iPhone X, the Presidio Ultra, is a three-piece kit that includes a base case, an extra bumper, and a rugged holster. If you need hardcore protection with a little bit of flexibility throughout the day, the Presidio Ultra is an interesting entry.. Subscribe to Phone Scoop News with RSS. Subscribe to Phone Scoop on YouTube. All content Copyright 2001-2018 Phone Factor, LLC. Content on this site may not be copied or republished without formal permission.. By registering, you agree to our Terms of Use. We value your privacy and will never share your email address. 
Sweet deals are made of these. Deal: Alcatel Idol 5S is down to $200, its lowest price ever. Some great Black Friday smartphone deals.. Update: These discounts are now live. Hit the links below to pick one up for yourself!. Last year, Alcatel's Idol 4S was one of our top budget smartphone choices, so we were pretty excited when the sequel, the Idol 5S , didn't make too many changes.. What the phone did, though, was get introduced at a much lower price than its predecessor. For $280, users got a 5.2-inch 1080p panel, a Snapdragon 625 processor, 3GB of RAM, 32GB of storage, a 2620mAh battery, a 12MP rear camera, and a low-profile version of Android 7.1 Nougat.. Now the Idol 5S is down to $199.99 for a limited time -- between Thursday, November 23 at 12:00 AM PST and Monday, November 27 at 11:59 PM PST -- for Black Friday. That's the same price Amazon sells the ad-supported Prime Exclusive version, but this one is ad-free and compatible with all four U.S. Alcatel is also discounting its entry-level A30 smartphone to $60 for the same period, which is a pretty outstanding deal on a device with a Snapdragon 210 processor, 2GB of RAM, 16GB of storage, an 8MP camera, and Android 7.0 Nougat.. Pixel 2 & Pixel 2 XL. Careers: Writer | Dev. 
Menu Login Sign Up. Find the Best Cell Phone and Plan for You. Wirefly helps you save on cell phones and plans by offering innovative comparison tools so consumers can make educated choices. Compare Phones and Plans Compare Cell Phones. How Much Data Do I Need. Wirefly helps you save on Internet service by offering innovative comparison tools to compare Internet providers in your area.. Compare Internet by ZIP Code Compare Internet & TV Bundles Compare Business Internet. Test your current internet connection with our speed test and see what services your provider can handle. Find out your download speed, upload speed, latency, and more.. Test Your Internet Speed Internet Speed Test. Compare Cell Phones > Alcatel. Purchase with a plan or or. Motorola RAZR V3 Dolce & Gabbana. DROID RAZR MAXX HD by Motorola. The Alcatel Idol 5S is a 4G LTE smartphone that runs on Android 7.1 Nougat out of its box. It comes with a 5.2-inch HD display and 1080x1920 resolution and 424ppi. It is equipped with a 2GHz Octa-Core Qualcomm Snapdragon 625 processor with 3GB of RAM. Onboard storage is 32GB and there’s still room for memory expansion of up to 512GB. For photos, the device has a 12-megapixel dual LED camera on the back with 1080p HD video recording. In front, there is an 8-megapixel camera. The Alcatel Idol 5S comes with a 2,620 mAh battery and a fingerprint scanner.. Looks like there are no reviews yet, be the first to write one now.. Sort by Oldest Latest Negative Positive. Plans Unlocked Specs Media Reviews Deals. - Any - 0 5KB 50MB 30MB 100MB 125MB 150MB 200MB 250MB 300MB 334MB 350MB 375MB 400MB 500MB 600MB 625MB 700MB 800MB 834MB 900MB 938MB 1GB 1.2GB 1.5GB 1.6GB 2GB 2.03GB 2.5GB 3GB 3.7GB 4GB 5GB 6GB 6.1GB 7GB 7.3GB 8GB 8.5GB 9GB 10GB 11GB 12GB 13GB 14GB 15GB 16GB 18GB 20GB 22GB 23GB 24GB 25GB 30GB 32GB 35GB 40GB 50GB 60GB 80GB 85GB 100GB 120GB 150GB 200GB Unlimited. - Any - AT&T Atlantis Telecom Boost Mobile Cricket SpeedTalk Mobile BOOM Mobile CREDO Mobile GIV Mobile MetroPCS Net10 Pix Wireless Project Fi Pure TalkUSA Red Pocket Mobile ROK Mobile Republic Wireless Sprint Straight Talk Ting T-Mobile TextNow Tello Teltik TPO Mobile Twigby US Mobile Verizon Wireless Virgin Mobile. - Any - Monthly/No Contract Prepaid. Sort by: Price Carrier Minutes Data. Expert Review User reviews. There doesn't appear to be any current deals for this device. Use the search bar above to search for more deals. Google Lens lands on other non.... Google: Over 40 phone and carr.... Galaxy S9 could hit stores on.... LG to announce new models of K.... Report: Verizon is tops in App.... Apple rolls out fix for messag.... Can An iPhone Get a Virus?. How To Spot A Good Android Phone. How To Transfer Contacts To A New C.... iPhone Stuck on Apple Logo and How.... The 5 Best Bitcoin Wallets for iPho.... Find the Best Cell Phone and Plan for You. Wirefly helps you save on cell phones and plans by offering innovative comparison tools so consumers can make educated choices. Find The Best TV and Internet Providers For You. Paying too much for Internet or TV service? Use our tool to compare Internet providers, TV providers, and bundled services.. Huawei Honor 9 Samsung Galaxy J7 Sky Pro Samsung Galaxy Express Prime 2 Moto Z2 Play LG X Venture LG X screen LG X mach LG X Charge LG X cam LG Fiesta LTE. Wirefly Is America's Most Trusted Source For All Cell Phones, Plans, TV, and Internet Deals. Wirefly offers great deals on a large selection of smartphones, cell phones, tablets, mobile hotspots, and other wireless devices for the nation's most popular carriers. Use Wirefly’s innovative cell phone and plan comparison tools to ensure you are getting the best deal on the market. Shop with confidence knowing that Wirefly wants to help you find the best prices on cell phones, cell phone plans, TV, and Internet service.. Privacy Policy | Term of Use | Contact | About Us. WireFly.com © 2018 All Rights Reserved. 
Support documents related to the IDOL™ 5S. 
Trending iPhone X Nintendo Switch OnePlus 5T Tesla Model 3 Xbox One X. Holiday Giveaway: BlackBerry KeyOne & Alcatel Idol 5S!. by Justin Herrick | December 11, 2017. Now’s the time of year when you’re rushing around to buy things for everyone in your life. We know you’ve worked hard throughout the last twelve months, and you’ve been visiting. So there’s no better way to celebrate the holidays with our audience than a multi-week event in which we give away prize bundles through the end of December.. TechnoBuffalo Holiday Giveaway Series 2017 !. Up for grabs this week are two prize bundles, each coming from TCL. We have a BlackBerry KeyOne and an Alcatel Idol 5S. available along with with some accessories from Aukey. So you’re getting two fantastic phones with accessories that’ll make sure they’re always charged.. Here what the prize bundles include:. Getting a free phone through our latest holiday giveaway isn’t difficult, and it’s free to enter.. Contest ends at 11:59PM PT on Sunday, December 17, 2017. Anyone over the age of 18 with a valid mailing address in the United States may enter. Winner will be selected at random from the entries. One (1) winner will receive one (1) BlackBerry KeyOne prize bundle and one (1) winner will receive one (1) Alcatel Idol 5S prize bundle. If a winner does not respond within 24 hours to our email, we will pick a new winner to replace them. November 13 @ 12:00PM PT —. HTC U11 Life & Google Home. November 20 @ 12:00PM PT —. November 27 @ 12:00PM PT —. Harman Kardon Invoke & JBL E55BT Quincy Edition. December 4 @ 12:00PM PT — Motorola Moto Z2 Play & Moto G5 Plus. December 11 @ 12:00PM PT — BlackBerry KeyOne & Alcatel Idol 5S. Here are the terms of the giveaway:. If you don’t win this time, check in the coming weeks for even more holiday giveaways:. We’d like to thank BlackBerry , Alcatel , and Aukey. for their participation in this giveaway. Holiday Giveaway: BlackBerry KeyOne & Alcatel Idol 4S!. Justin is easily attracted to power buttons. His interest in technology started as a child in the 1990s with the original PlayStation, and two...Justin is easily attracted to power buttons. His interest in technology started as a child in the 1990s with the original PlayStation, and two.... AR Stickers are live on the Google Pixel 2. Apple just acquired a huge music recognition service. Detroit: Become Human early gameplay—A video game that’s a movie. Verizon re-ups deal with the NFL, allows everyone to stream games. Logitech devices discounted as much as 60% for today only on Amazon. HD video streaming is a problem for the OnePlus 5T. Amazon discounts drones, VR and more for today only. Andy Rubin is already back at Essential. These are the best tech deals on Amazon right now. Ready Player One’s new trailer has enough easter eggs to last until real Easter. The perfect companion to every new iPhone is here. 8 Gadget gifts you can buy for under $50. How to turn your iPhone X into the original iPhone. Our Crew | About Us | Contact Us | Privacy Policy | Terms of Use. 
Home Shop MWC News Reviews Features Opinions Videos The Gadgets 360 Show Cell Guru Prime Tech Smartphone Reviews Tech and Gadget Reviews How-To Videos Video Game Reviews and Features Top Lists by Gadgets 360 Unboxing and Hands-On Videos Podcasts Compare Mobiles Phone Finder DEALS. Mobiles Tablets Apps Gaming Cameras PC/Laptops AUDIO/VIDEO How To Telecom Science INDIA INTERNET SOCIAL MEDIA WEARABLES हिंदी. Acer Adcom Alcatel Apple Archos Asus BlackBerry Blu Celkon Coolpad Datawind Fly Gionee HTC Huawei iBall iBerry Idea InFocus Intex iVoomi Jivi Karbonn Lava LeEco Lenovo LG Lyf Maxx Mobile Meizu Micromax Microsoft Motorola MTS Nokia Obi Oppo Panasonic Philips Ringing Bells Samsung Sony Spice Swipe Videocon Vivo Wickedleak Xiaomi Xolo Yu Zen Ziox Zopo ZTE. Home Mobiles Phone Finder Alcatel Idol 5S. Share on Facebook Tweet Share Share Email Reddit. Alcatel Idol 5S smartphone was launched in June 2017. The phone comes with a 5.50-inch touchscreen display with a resolution of 1080 pixels by 1920 pixels. The Alcatel Idol 5S is powered by 2GHz octa-core Qualcomm Snapdragon 625 processor and it comes with 3GB of RAM. The phone packs 32GB of internal storage that can be expanded up to 512GB via a microSD card. As far as the cameras are concerned, the Alcatel Idol 5S packs a 12-megapixel primary camera on the rear and a 8-megapixel front shooter for selfies. The Alcatel Idol 5S runs Android 7.1 and is powered by a 2620mAh non removable battery. It measures 148.50 x 70.80 x 7.36 (height x width x thickness) and weigh 148.80 grams. The Alcatel Idol 5S is a single SIM (GSM) smartphone that accepts a Nano-SIM. Connectivity options include Wi-Fi, GPS, Bluetooth, USB OTG, 3G and 4G. Sensors on the phone include Compass Magnetometer, Proximity sensor, Accelerometer, Ambient light sensor and Gyroscope.. Release date June 2017 Form factor Touchscreen Dimensions (mm) 148.50 x 70.80 x 7.36 Weight (g) 148.80 Battery capacity (mAh) 2620 Removable battery No Colours Crystal Black. Screen size (inches) 5.50 Touchscreen Yes Resolution 1080x1920 pixels. Processor 2GHz octa-core Processor make Qualcomm Snapdragon 625 RAM 3GB Internal storage 32GB Expandable storage Yes Expandable storage type microSD Expandable storage up to (GB) 512. Rear camera 12-megapixel Rear Flash Yes Front camera 8-megapixel. Wi-Fi Yes Wi-Fi standards supported 802.11 ac GPS Yes Bluetooth Yes, v 4.20 NFC No Infrared No USB OTG Yes Headphones 3.5mm FM No Number of SIMs 1 SIM 1 SIM Type Nano-SIM GSM/CDMA GSM 3G Yes 4G/ LTE Yes Supports 4G in India (Band 40) No. Compass/ Magnetometer Yes Proximity sensor Yes Accelerometer Yes Ambient light sensor Yes Gyroscope Yes Barometer No Temperature sensor No. Error or missing information? Please let us know. User ratings and reviews for Alcatel Idol 5S. 0 Out of 5. 5 Star 4 Star 3 Star 2 Star 1 Star. Alcatel 5 Alcatel 3V Alcatel 3X Alcatel 3 Alcatel 1X Alcatel 3C Alcatel A7 XL Alcatel A7 Alcatel Idol 5 Alcatel Idol 5S Alcatel U5 HD Alcatel Idol 4 Pro Alcatel A30 Plus Alcatel A50 Alcatel Flash Alcatel U5 Alcatel A5 LED Alcatel A3 Alcatel A3 XL Alcatel Idol 4S (Windows 10) Alcatel Pixi 4 Plus Power Alcatel Pixi 4 (5) Alcatel XL Alcatel Shine Lite Alcatel X1 Alcatel Pop Star Alcatel Pop 4S Alcatel Pop 4+ Alcatel Pop 4. Alcatel Idol 4 Alcatel Idol 5s vs. Samsung Galaxy S7 Active vs. Samsung Galaxy S6 Alcatel Idol 5s vs. Motorola Moto G5 Plus Alcatel Idol 5s vs. Samsung Galaxy S6 Alcatel Idol 5 vs. Apple iPhone 6 Alcatel A30 Plus vs. Motorola Moto G5 Plus Alcatel Idol 5s vs. Zte Blade X Max vs. Samsung Galaxy J7 Alcatel Idol 5 vs. Alcatel Idol 4 Pro vs. Alcatel Idol 4 Alcatel Idol 5 vs. Alcatel Idol 4 Pro vs. Alcatel Idol 5s Alcatel Idol 5 vs. Alcatel Idol 4 Pro vs. Nokia 7 Plus Is an Android One Phone With Dual Rear Cameras, Zeiss Optics Samsung Galaxy S9, Galaxy S9+ With Improved Cameras, AR Emoji Launched Samsung Galaxy S9, Galaxy S9+ Pre-Orders Now Open in India Nokia 7 Plus vs Nokia 7 Sony Xperia XZ2, Xperia XZ2 Compact With 18:9 Displays Launched at MWC Nokia 8110 4G Is a 'Slider' Feature Phone With Google, Facebook Apps OnePlus 5, OnePlus 5T HD Content Streaming Issue Fixed, With a Catch Sony Unveils Xperia Ear Duo to Answer Apple AirPods, Samsung Gear IconX Mi MIX 2S With Snapdragon 845 Confirmed by Xiaomi; Launching on March 27 Vodafone to Offer 4.5GB Data Per Day for 28 Days at Rs. Samsung phones price list Lyf phones price list Micromax phones price list Sony phones price list Htc phones price list Lenovo phones price list Intex phones price list Lava phones price list Apple phones price list Nokia phones price list Xolo phones price list Lg phones price list Vivo phones price list Oppo phones price list Gionee phones price list Motorola phones price list Blackberry phones price list Xiaomi phones price list. Sitemaps Archives Advertise About Us Feedback Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions Complaint Redressal Careers Contact Us RSS Ethics Alcatel Idol 5S in Hindi. © Copyright Red Pixels Ventures Limited 2018. Subject Comments. 
Browse GeekDad Info About GeekDad Advertise on GeekDad PR/Product Review Enquiries Crowdfunding Review Guidelines Weather Stations Support GeekDad View Recent Posts Columns 10 Things Parents Architechnologist Cosplay Family Spotlight DC This Week Gadget Bits Life of the Party Comic Same Geek Channel Stack Overflow View All in Columns Gaming D&D Adventures Family Gamer TV GeekDad Approved Tabletop Games Re-Spawn Re-Roll Tabletop Game Review Index Videogames View All in Gaming Entertainment Books Books by GeekDads Comic Books Geek Culture Movies Television Theater Videos Web Comics View All in Entertainment Events Birthdays & Anniversaries Hacking the Holidays People Places View All in Events Health & Leisure Health Hobbies Leisure Sports Travel Parenting Education Parenting Podcasts BAFS Bounded Enthusiasm Bristol Banter Dice Section Gameroom Junkies Great Big Beautiful Podcast Hey You Geeks Novel Ideas Sunday Evening With Captain Owen Radio Free Hipster The GeekDads We Are Entertained View All in Podcasts Products Apparel Audio Gear Headphones, earphones, DACs, amps, turntables, speakers, wireless transmission, and more. Being a geek about music is fun! Gadgets Gift Guide Kickstarter Reviews Toys View All in Products Science & Tech Education Electronics Engineering Health Robotics Software Space & Astronomy Internet View All in Science & Tech Shop Daily Deals GeekDad Merch GeekDad Academy Visit GeekMom Browse the GeekFamilyNetwork. Review: Alcatel Idol 5S Is a Prime Example of a Deal Filed Under: Gadgets , Products , Reviews Tags:. Posted on December 15, 2017 by Mordechai Luchins • 0 Comments. Reading Time: 3 minutes I never filter, but this looked too pretty to not. After putting all their faith in VR with the Idol 4S , Alcatel is back with the 5S, a smartphone that focuses on being a phone. At first, the 5S impresses just on looks. The mix of glass and metal on the body results in a phone that feels solid and looks nice. I particularly like the “speaker holes” at the top and bottom (in portrait mode). They sound as good as they look, too. Including modern ports like USB-C while also keeping a headphone jack (yay!) is a plus. Sadly, Alcatel got rid of the button on the side that could be mapped to different functions. That was a favorite feature of the 4S. Instead you get volume buttons on right, power button on the left, and a very responsive fingerprint sensor on the back of the 5S. Oh, and gone is the dual-SIM slot. Note that the same glass and metal that make this so neat looking also make it very slippery. I had the same problem with the 4S. The 5S isn’t quite as friction-free, but if you do buy this, please get a case.. Alcatel can join my list of companies that don’t trust Google’s UX team. Android 7.1.1, the Idol 5s is not guaranteed to get all the latest updates. Alas, no sign of a custom ROM out there. I’ve caught some complaints online about their version of Android stuttering, although I myself have not seen it–although I did not use VR with it (the screen is lower resolution than the 4S, but it gets the job done). The Octo-core chip and 3GB of RAM should be able to handle most tasks other than that. Also, I’m happy to see 32 GB of storage.. There are three things about the Idol 4S that outright surprised me. The first is battery life, and not in a good way. Alcatel took the 3000 mAh cell of their last model and put a 2620 mAh in instead. It’s enough to get through the day with light use, but not heavy. With phone batteries getting larger everywhere else, this is a disappointing decision.. The good surprise is the camera. Technically it’s lower specced than last year’s (12 MP vs 18), but it does more than get the job done. I was also very pleased with video and low light shots.. Surprise number three? That’d be price. The 5S is available direct from Cricket for $179.99 (or $119.99 for a new customer who ports a number), but that involves tying yourself to a carrier. The unlocked model is $279 from Amazon , and gets all the way down to $185 if you buy the Amazon Offers version. That version has ads on the lock screen and you get special Amazon offers. It’s also, as of this writing, only being sold used. Guess people are snapping it up.. Would I buy the Alcatel 5S or recommend it? It’s a tough call. I haven’t reviewed a lot of under-$300 phones that have impressed me. I also haven’t tried any of the other Amazon Offer phones, so I cannot say how annoying it might be. But honestly, if they get more in stock, the Offers version is a good price for a solid phone. If you want something with good video, sharp sound, and don’t mind a slightly shorter battery life, you should strongly consider the Alcatel Idol 5S. It’s no flagship, but it gets the job done.. Note: Alcatel sent me their Idol 5S to review. Fingers crossed that they send me the phone they’re making with the Palm license.. Please note that this article contains affiliate links.. Facebook Twitter Google Tumblr LinkedIn Reddit More. Pinterest WhatsApp Pocket Telegram Skype Email Print. Mordechai is a geek with loving wife, a teenage geek daughter and geek-in-training grade-schooler. Mordechai has an obsessive interest in comics (especially older ones) as well as tech. He also watches way, way too much television.. ← ‘Guild Wars 2,’ the Latest Expansion: ‘Path of Fire’. Two Bees, or Not Two Bees: That Is ‘Munchkin Shakespeare,’ No Question. Leave a reply Cancel reply. Notify me of follow-up comments by email.. Notify me of new posts by email.. SIGN UP BY EMAIL Support Us With Your Online Shopping Tabletop Game Review Index Support Us on Patreon Kickstarter Projects We Love! GeekDad Masthead Our Patreon Supporters Support GeekDad. Enter your email address to subscribe to this blog and receive notifications of new posts by email.. If you’d like to help GeekDad & GeekMom out, use this link for any shopping you do on Amazon.com. When you do, we’ll receive a small affiliate bonus that’ll really help keep the site running!. Owner/Publisher, Editor-at-Large Editor-in-Chief Managing Editor Senior Editors Gaming Editor Associate Publishers* Editor (Emeritus) Core Contributors Occasional Contributors. Liu , Jenny Bristol , Corrina Lawson , Patricia Vollmer. Tim Johnides, Jeff Williams, Dante Lauretta, Magnus Dahlsröm, Jayson Peters, David Michael, Gerry Tolbert, Andrew Smith, Ray Wehrs, Joel Becker, Scott Gaeta, Beth Kee, Joey Mills, talkie_tim, Danny Marquardt, Adam Bruski, John Bain, Bill Moore, Adam Frank, Lacey Hays, Peter Morson, James Needham, Matt Fleming, Adam Anderson, Jim Reynolds, Seiler Hagan, Bryan Wade, Petrov Neutrino, Jay Shapiro. Darren Blankenship , Rory Bristol , Robin Brooks , Preston Burt , Samantha Fisher , Ray Goldfield , Jamie Greene , Michael Harrison , Ryan Hiller , Rob Huddleston , Will James , James Floyd Kelly , Anthony Karcz , Michael Kaufman , Mordechai Luchins , Brad Moon , Tony Nunes , Anton Olsen , Skip Owens , Jules Sherred , Mark Vorenkamp , Chris Wickersham , Simon Yule. Tim Bailey , Natania Barron ,. John Booth , Samantha Bryant , Stephen Clark , Tom Fassbender , Matt Forbeck ,. Melissa Ford , Bernd Grobauer , Travis Hanson , Kishore Hari , Whit Honea , Sarah James , John Kovalic, Michael LeSauvage , Jim MacQuarrie , Joey Mills ,. Ricardo Rebelo , Drew Rich , Andy Robertson , Mariana Ruiz , Derrick Schneider , Bill Shribman , Tony Sims , Randy Slavey , Gerry Tolbert , Michael Witwer. Gold Level Patrons: Doug Smidebush, Lior Keinan , Kelvin Nduka, Thad Standley, Nolan Zak, Adam Franks, Stephen Brown, Loren Roberts, Matt and Nykki Boersma, Tom Morgan, Jack Everitt, John Kovalic, Seiler Hagan, Jess Hart, Will James, Christopher M. Vargas, Michele Hall, Chuck Lawton, Ismael Schonhorst, (There are those who call him) Tim, Vladimir Weinstein, Randiman Rogers, Robert Booth, Henry Roenke, Kevin Culp, W. David MacKenzie, Nicholas Richards, John Idlor, Michael Fox, Rob H., Matthew Cody, Dan Callahan, Patrick Kohn, Seth Phillips, Kevin Korpi, Ben MS, Monica, Mark Gonyea, Pharlain Ross, Derick Larson, Furstarter.com Additional Patrons:. Josh H., Propelstalz, Mary Crocker, Wayne Moulton Jr,. Mitch Gross, Jim Valko, Andrew Brown, Lucy Ravitch, Nicholas Duresky, Heather Hofshi, John Kemp, Thorsten Karge, Natasha Dzurny, Keith Ives, Benjamin Chan, Neal Bhatnagar, Justin Farr, Regan Lee, Elaine, Nate Fugal, Stephanie Tennison, Jon Rasmussen, Ryan Pulis, Owen Duffy, Colman Reilly, Anthony, Mark Richman, Alexis Ohanian, Steve, Greg “TVsEgon” Skinner, Andy Saavedra, Daniel, Willie Raymond Taylor III, Chad Ingham, Irene Christian, Clinton Richmond, Jamey Stegmaier, James Allenspach, John Howell, Leif Terry, Tiago Pereira, Nathan Heath, Grinidon, Roman, Berserker Hew, Clark Stacey, Ben Harkins, Kayvaan Ghassemieh, Travis B., Justin Myers, Magna Nordgard, Jim Griffin, Jeff, David Smith, Matthew Titelbaum, Dennis Hitzeman, Daniel Lieske, Michael Jantze, Ruddy, Tom Damico, Kelson, Michelangelo Grigni. Thanks to these wonderful folks who are supporting GeekDad and GeekMom via Patreon!. If you don’t want to create a Patreon account to support GeekDad, you can do so here! You can choose to make your contribution reoccurring or single.. $ Make this donation Once Daily Weekly Monthly Yearly. For every person who supports us at the $1 a month level, we'll add your name to the patrons list on our blog and give you the thanks you deserve!. You are an awesome patron, and you're going above the call of duty. We'll put your name on the patron rolls, and if you drop us your Twitter handle, you'll get a shout-out!. You'll be recognized as a Golden Patron, with a special call-out on our siderail, and invitations to any GeekDad events in your area. Drop us your Twitter handle, and we'll send you a shout-out.. You are an Associate Publisher on the blog, and get your name specially featured in the Masthead. Send us your Twitter handle and you'll get a huge thanks and a follow!. You're a Platinum Patron! You are an amazing supportive person, and we love you! You're name goes on the Masthead, and we'll follow you on Twitter and thank you so much.!. is a parenting, technology, and culture blog staffed by a diverse team of contributors, working together to inform, educate, and entertain parents everywhere who have a geeky nature and want to raise their kids the same way.. About GeekDad GeekDad Writers Crowdfunding Review Guidelines Advertise on GeekDad PR/Product Review Enquiries The GeekFamily Podcast Network (GPN) Support GeekDad. Site Designed by Skookum Monkey Hosting and Design. Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel. Post was not sent - check your email addresses!. Email check failed, please try again. Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.. 
Alcatel IDOL 5S Price in the Philippines and Specification. 5.2 inch smartphone that comes with Android 7.0 Nougat OS, 3GB RAM, 32 ROM, 4G LTE, 12 MP rear and 8 MP front camera. 5.2 inches, 1920 x 1080 p... 2G, 3G, 4G (LTE), 32GB, 3GB ... Please wait for price information to be registered.. Official IDOL 5S - Stunning camera & audio in a glass and metal design. , Octa-core (4x2.35 GHz Cortex-A53 & 4x1.64 GHz Cortex-A53). , Talk time: 18h (2G/3G), 15h (4G). GSM 850 / 900 / 1800 / 1900. 3G HSPA+ 42 Mbps downlink, 11.5 Mbps uplink. 148 x 72 x 7.5 mm. Alcatel IDOL 5S with 5.2-inch FHD screen and Android Nougat spotted on GFXBench. Surprisingly, no Alcatel-branded smartphone had surfaced at the Mobile World Congress last month. However, a new phone from Alcatel, dubbed as Alcatel IDOL 5S, was recently spotted on the benchmarking website GFXBench suggesting its imminent launching.. TCL, the company that is now in charge of manufacturing BlackBerry and Alcatel-branded devices, did not showcase any Alcatel models at the Mobile World Congress event last month. It is quite surprising, though, considering that Alcatel always unveils a phone on the tech show. However, it doesn't mean that they don't have something up their sleeves. Back in February, a mid-range Alcatel smartphone dubbed as the Alcatel IDOL 5S was spotted at the benchmarking website Geekbench. The device has recently surfaced in another benchmark site, the GFXBench, which suggests its imminent release.. Due to the phone's previous appearance, we already know some details about it. The upcoming handset will be powered by a MediaTek Helio P20 octa-core processor. It will pack 3GB RAM and 32GB internal memory storage which can be further expanded via microSD card. Apparently, it still can't fully satisfy our curiosity regarding the impending smartphone.. Now, here comes another benchmark emergence that revealed additional information about the handset. Thanks to the GFXBench listing, we already know now that the Alcatel IDOL 5S phone will sport a 5.2-inch touchscreen with a resolution of 1920 x 1080 pixels. It reiterated the idea that the device will be having a MediaTek Helio P20 chipset under the hood which will have a clock rate of 2.3GHz and will be coupled with Mali-T880 GPU. It also mentioned about the memory configuration which proved to be the same with the previous benchmark listing. Going to the optics, it will feature a 12-megapixel rear snapper and a front-facing camera of 8 megapixels.. It will be running an Android 7.0 Nougat out-of-the-box and will come with a support for Bluetooth and WiFi. As of now, the battery capacity of the phone remains a mystery.. User Review : 1 Reviews. This Alcatel IDOL 5S is the new concept it has already a Android 7.0 Nougat OS much more nice display and a big ... Write a review on this product. Read more reviews on this product. Let's post your questions on this product. You might receive fruitful information from others.. 5 inches, FWVGA (854 x 480). 2G, 3G, 4G (LTE), 8GB, 1GB. 5.5 inches, 1080 x 1920 p... 2G, 3G, 4G (LTE), 16GB, 3... 4.0 inches, WVGA (800 x 480). 2G, 3G, 4G (LTE), 8GB, 1GB. Alcatel One Touch Pop 3 (5.5). Most viewed ranking for Alcatel Mobile Phones. View Mode: PC | Mobile. Please be aware that we cannot guarantee that all the information shown, such as prices, specs, images, etc. Prices and stock availability for each shop are always changing. If you are considering making a purchase, please refer to the merchant's page to ensure that you have the most up-to-date information. In order to use this website and its services, users must consent to and abide by the Terms of Use. By accessing or using any area of this website, you hereby agree to be legally bound and abide by the Terms.. Copyright © Priceprice.com All rights reserved. (Produced by kakaku.com that is Japan's No.1 Comparison Website). 
Find the Best Cell Phone and Plan for You. PhoneDog's innovative comparison tool can help you save on cell phones and plans. Find the best phone and plan for you today with PhoneDog!. Compare Phones and Plans Compare Cell Phones. Trending: iPhone 8. f g+ t yt. The Alcatel Idol 5S is a 4G LTE smartphone with a 5.2-inch HD display and a resolution of 1080x1920 and 424ppi. From within, there is a 2GHz Octa-Core Qualcomm Snapdragon 625 processor with 3GB of RAM. There is an internal memory of 32GB and a microSD card slot for up to 512GB memory expansion. The device has a 12-megapixel dual LED camera on the back with 1080p HD video recording. In front, another 8-megapixel camera is available. Upon release, this phone runs on Android 7.1 Nougat OS and comes with a 2,620 mAh battery. It also has a fingerprint sensor on the back.. See Available Plans or get it unlocked here. Apple iPad mini with Retina Display. Apple iPad mini with Retina display 16GB Silver. DROID RAZR MAXX HD by Motorola. Motorola RAZR V3 Dolce & Gabbana. Plans Unlocked Specs Media Reviews Deals. - Any - AT&T Atlantis Telecom Boost Mobile Cricket Credo Mobile SpeedTalk Mobile BOOM Mobile MetroPCS Net10 Pix Wireless Pure TalkUSA Red Pocket Mobile ROK Mobile Republic Wireless Sprint Straight Talk Ting T-Mobile TextNow Tello Teltik TPO Mobile Twigby US Mobile Verizon Wireless Virgin Mobile. - Any - Monthly/No Contract Prepaid. Sort by: Price Carrier Minutes Data. Expert Review User reviews. There doesn't appear to be any current deals for this device. Use the search bar above to search for more deals. Huawei Honor 9 Coolpad Defiant LG Fiesta LTE LG X cam. Looks like there are no reviews yet, be the first to write one now.. Sort by Oldest Latest Negative Positive. OFFICIAL SMARTPHONE RANKINGS Please Login/Register to Vote. Select the amount of total data you need for the entire plan.. For example, if you need 2 lines with 1 GB of data each, you would select 2 GB of data with the data slider below.. - Any - 0 5KB 50MB 30MB 100MB 125MB 150MB 200MB 250MB 300MB 334MB 350MB 375MB 400MB 500MB 600MB 625MB 700MB 800MB 834MB 900MB 938MB 1GB 1.2GB 1.5GB 1.6GB 2GB 2.03GB 2.5GB 3GB 3.7GB 4GB 5GB 6GB 6.1GB 7GB 7.3GB 8GB 8.5GB 9GB 10GB 11GB 12GB 13GB 14GB 15GB 16GB 18GB 20GB 22GB 23GB 24GB 25GB 30GB 32GB 35GB 40GB 50GB 60GB 80GB 85GB 100GB 120GB 150GB 200GB Unlimited. BLU Vivo X Review: BLU's Most Appealing Smartphone Yet!. 4 days 15 hours ago. Android 8.0 Oreo on the OnePlus 5T. 5 days 13 hours ago. 1 week 12 hours ago. The OnePlus 5T Competitor You Haven't Heard About. 1 week 3 days ago. People's Choice Expert's Choice. OFFICIAL SMARTPHONE RANKINGS Please Login/Register to Vote. OFFICIAL SMARTPHONE RANKINGS Please Login/Register to Vote. OFFICIAL SMARTPHONE RANKINGS Please Login/Register to Vote. OFFICIAL SMARTPHONE RANKINGS Please Login/Register to Vote. OFFICIAL SMARTPHONE RANKINGS Please Login/Register to Vote. PHONEDOG PHONEDOG MEDIA FAMILY Phonedog - Cell Phone News TmoNews - The Unofficial T-Mobile Blog AndroidAndMe - Everything Android. PhoneDog Media is home to PhoneDog, Android & Me, TmoNews, and TodaysiPhone. The network receives 2.5 million unique visitors and 10 million pageviews each month, along with a combined three million video views on YouTube.. While the name is jovial, the PhoneDog Media network offers up a wealth of written and video content to help readers make important decisions about mobile technology.. Established in 2001, PhoneDog Media is a privately owned and operated company.. Company Home Privacy Policy Term of Use Contact About Us In-Depth Reviews. Reproduction without explicit permission is prohibited. 
News IFA 2017: Alcatel Idol 5S, Idol 5, A7 XL, A7 smartphones launched. IFA 2017: Alcatel Idol 5S, Idol 5, A7 XL, A7 smartphones launched. The Alcatel Idol 5S launched at IFA 2017 is for the Europe market.. Published: September 3, 2017 2:12 PM IST. TCL-owned Alcatel launched four new smartphones at the ongoing IFA 2017 in Berlin, Germany. The new Alcatel smartphone lineup includes the Idol 5S, the Idol 5, the A7 XL, and the A7. As expected, Alcatel launched the Europe version of the Idol 5S, which it first launched in the US in June. In terms of pricing and availability, the Idol 5S is priced at. €399 (approximately Rs 30,300), and has gone on sale in Europe. The Idol 5 and the A7 smartphones are priced at €239 (approximately Rs 18,100) and €229 (approximately Rs 17,400) respectively. As for the A7 XL, it is priced at. €279 (approximately Rs 21,200) and will be available starting November.. Of the lot, the Idol 5S is the highlight in terms of price and specifications. In comparison with the US model, this variant of the Idol 5S differs both in terms of appearance and innards as well. The dual speakers on the front are still intact, but the top and bottom bezels have been slightly trimmed. Another change is the right side, which now houses the power key. Also, the antenna lines have been shifted from the top and bottom to the right and left side panels.. As far as specifications are concerned, the Idol 5S features a 5.2-inch full HD (1080p) IPS LCD display. At the heart of the smartphone is a MediaTek Helio P20 SoC paired with 3GB of RAM. The US model, on the other hand, is powered by a Qualcomm Snapdragon 625 SoC. In the photography department, it sports a 12-megapixel rear camera of f/2.0 aperture, and a 1/2.8-inch sensor. Up front, the Idol 5S houses an 8-megapixel camera for selfies and video calling. Keeping the smartphone ticking is a 2,850mAh battery. The smartphone is available only in. The Idol 5 flaunts a 5.2-inch full HD display along with 2.5D Dragontrial glass on top for protection. It is powered by a MediaTek MT6753 SoC paired with 3GB of RAM and 16GB of expandable storage. For photography, the Idol 5 has a 13-megapixel rear and 5-megapixel front camera. It is fueled by a 2,800mAh battery, and is available in two color options of Metal Silver and Metal Black. Alcatel Idol 5S, A30 Plus, A50 smartphones launched: Price, specifications and features. The Alcatel A7 XL stands out for its dual-camera setup at the rear, which comprises of 12-megapixel and 2-megapixel sensors. The dual cameras are supported with dual tone LED flash, and are capable of delivering bokeh effect. For selfies, it sports a 5-megapixel front camera with single LED flash. The smartphone features a 6-inch full HD display, 4,000mAh battery, 3GB of RAM and 32GB of onboard storage. On the software front, it runs Android 7.1 Nougat.. The Alcatel A7 XL is available in two color options of black and gold. Alcatel U5 HD with MediaTek MT6737 SoC, Android Nougat launched: Specifications, features. The Alcatel A7 is equipped with a 5.5-inch full HD (1080p) display, a 1.5GHz octa-core processor, 3GB of RAM and 32GB of expandable storage. For optics, the Alcatel A7 packs a 16-megapixel rear camera and an 8-megapixel front camera. Other features of the smartphone include a 4,000mAh battery, Bluetooth 4.2, 4G VoLTE, NFC, and a fingerprint sensor. Alcatel A3 10 with Android 7.0 Nougat launched in India, priced at Rs 9,999: Specifications, features. Qualcomm’s Snapdragon 625 Octa-Core 2.0GHz Processor. Published Date: September 3, 2017 2:12 PM IST. alcatel Alcatel Idol 5S IFA 2017. MWC 2018: ZTE Blade V9, Tempo Go Android Go smartphone launched. Canon's new flash uses AI to perfectly bounce light onto your subject. MWC 2018: Sony Xperia Ear Duo launched. BSNL selects Nokia to launch 4G service in 10 circles. MWC 2018: Sony Xperia XZ2, Xperia X22 Compact hands-on and first impressions. Xiaomi Redmi Note 5 Pro Face Unlock: How does it work?. 7 reasons why the Samsung Galaxy S9 and Galaxy S9+ offer more than the Apple iPhone X. Samsung Galaxy S9, Galaxy S9+ hands-on and first impressions. MWC 2018: Samsung Galaxy S9+ launched: Specifications, features. 7 reasons why the Samsung Galaxy S9 and Galaxy S9+ offer more than the Apple iPhone X. The Xiaomi Mi TV 4 could do for the Indian TV market what the Redmi Note 4 did for smartphones. Are the Xiaomi Redmi Note 5 and Redmi Note 5 Pro worth the upgrade?. Amazon Alexa could get a lot better if it invested in dedicated AI chips. Facebook Likes: The more you know about social media, the more you will want to stay away from it. Xiaomi Redmi Note 5 Pro Review. MWC 2018: Sony Xperia XZ2, Xperia X22 Compact hands-on and first impressions. MWC 2018: ZTE Blade V9, Tempo Go Android Go smartphone launched. Canon's new flash uses AI to perfectly bounce light onto your subject. MWC 2018: Sony Xperia Ear Duo launched. Sony Xperia XZ2, Xperia XZ2 Compact is now official. Xiaomi Redmi Note 5 Pro Face Unlock: How does it work?. MWC 2018: Nokia 1, Nokia 4, Nokia 7+, Nokia 9, Nokia 8 Sirocco rumor roundup. OnePlus 5T vs Honor View10 vs Moto Z2 Force: Cameras compared. Samsung Galaxy S9, Galaxy S9+ rumor roundup. alcatel Alcatel Idol 5S IFA 2017. MWC 2018: Alcatel announces 5 smartphones, 2 tablets. Alcatel A310, POP4 10 tablets available with Reliance Jio Football cashback offer. Alcatel A310 tablet launched in India: Price, specifications, features. Alcatel A3 10 tablet launched at Rs 6,999 in India. Alcatel launches new 4G LTE tablet in India, priced at Rs 10,999. Panasonic P100 स्मार्टफोन को स्नैपडील पर कैशबैक ऑफर के साथ किया पेश. नोकिया के सीईओ ने कहा, 5जी नेटवर्क के लिए दूरसंचार कंपनियों ने समयसीमा में की तेजी. MWC 2018: ZTE ने लॉन्च किये अपने ZTE Blade V9 और Blade V9 Vita स्मार्टफोन. पीएम मोदी ने उबर के सीईओ से चर्चा की. MWC 2018: सोनी ने लॉन्च किया Xperia Ear Duo ईयरबड. MWC 2018: Sony Xperia XZ2, Xperia X22 Compact hands-on and first impressions. MWC 2018: ZTE Blade V9, Tempo Go Android Go smartphone launched. Canon's new flash uses AI to perfectly bounce light onto your subject. MWC 2018: Sony Xperia Ear Duo launched. Sony Xperia XZ2, Xperia XZ2 Compact is now official. Canon #Speedlite 470EX-AI is the most intelligent flash system @CanonUSA #Speedlite #Speedlite buff.ly/2F493wl https://t.co/Zjwmc0zHIp. MWC 2018: Sony Xperia Ear Duo launched @sonyxperia @SonyXperiaIndia @sony_india @Sony … buff.ly/2FzZ1kE. #MWC2018 : Sony #MWC2018 , #MWC2018 launched with bezel-less design @sonyxperia … buff.ly/2FtQbVj. 
Home Shop MWC News Reviews Features Opinions Videos The Gadgets 360 Show Cell Guru Prime Tech Smartphone Reviews Tech and Gadget Reviews How-To Videos Video Game Reviews and Features Top Lists by Gadgets 360 Unboxing and Hands-On Videos Podcasts Compare Mobiles Phone Finder DEALS. Mobiles Tablets Apps Gaming Cameras PC/Laptops AUDIO/VIDEO How To Telecom Science INDIA INTERNET SOCIAL MEDIA WEARABLES हिंदी. Acer Adcom Alcatel Apple Archos Asus BlackBerry Blu Celkon Coolpad Datawind Fly Gionee HTC Huawei iBall iBerry Idea InFocus Intex iVoomi Jivi Karbonn Lava LeEco Lenovo LG Lyf Maxx Mobile Meizu Micromax Microsoft Motorola MTS Nokia Obi Oppo Panasonic Philips Ringing Bells Samsung Sony Spice Swipe Videocon Vivo Wickedleak Xiaomi Xolo Yu Zen Ziox Zopo ZTE. Home Mobiles Phone Finder Alcatel Idol 5S. SPECIFICATIONS USER REVIEWS NEWS. Share on Facebook Tweet Share Share Email Reddit. Alcatel Idol 5S smartphone was launched in June 2017. The phone comes with a 5.50-inch touchscreen display with a resolution of 1080 pixels by 1920 pixels. The Alcatel Idol 5S is powered by 2GHz octa-core Qualcomm Snapdragon 625 processor and it comes with 3GB of RAM. The phone packs 32GB of internal storage that can be expanded up to 512GB via a microSD card. As far as the cameras are concerned, the Alcatel Idol 5S packs a 12-megapixel primary camera on the rear and a 8-megapixel front shooter for selfies. The Alcatel Idol 5S runs Android 7.1 and is powered by a 2620mAh non removable battery. It measures 148.50 x 70.80 x 7.36 (height x width x thickness) and weigh 148.80 grams. The Alcatel Idol 5S is a single SIM (GSM) smartphone that accepts a Nano-SIM. Connectivity options include Wi-Fi, GPS, Bluetooth, USB OTG, 3G and 4G. Sensors on the phone include Compass Magnetometer, Proximity sensor, Accelerometer, Ambient light sensor and Gyroscope.. Alcatel Idol 5S, Idol 5, A7, and A7 XL Smartphones Launched at IFA 2017: Price, Specifications. More Alcatel mobiles Alcatel mobiles price in India. Release date September 2017 Form factor Touchscreen Dimensions (mm) 148.00 x 72.00 x 7.50 Weight (g) 147.00 Battery capacity (mAh) 2850 Removable battery No. Screen size (inches) 5.20 Touchscreen Yes Resolution 1080x1920 pixels. Processor octa-core Processor make Helio P20 RAM 3GB Internal storage 32GB Expandable storage Yes Expandable storage type microSD Expandable storage up to (GB) 256. Rear camera 12-megapixel Rear Flash Dual LED Front camera 8-megapixel Front Flash Yes. Wi-Fi Yes Wi-Fi standards supported 802.11 b/g/n GPS Yes Bluetooth Yes, v 4.20 NFC No Infrared No USB OTG Yes Headphones 3.5mm FM Yes Number of SIMs 1 SIM 1 SIM Type Nano-SIM GSM/CDMA GSM 3G No 4G/ LTE Yes Supports 4G in India (Band 40) No. Compass/ Magnetometer No Proximity sensor No Accelerometer No Ambient light sensor No Gyroscope No Barometer No Temperature sensor No. Error or missing information? Please let us know. User ratings and reviews for Alcatel Idol 5S. 0 Out of 5. 5 Star 4 Star 3 Star 2 Star 1 Star. Alcatel Idol 5S, Idol 5, A7, and A7 XL Smartphones Launched at IFA 2017: Price, Specifications. Alcatel 5 Alcatel 3V Alcatel 3X Alcatel 3 Alcatel 1X Alcatel 3C Alcatel A7 XL Alcatel A7 Alcatel Idol 5 Alcatel U5 HD Alcatel Idol 4 Pro Alcatel A30 Plus Alcatel Idol 5S Alcatel A50 Alcatel Flash Alcatel U5 Alcatel A5 LED Alcatel A3 Alcatel A3 XL Alcatel Idol 4S (Windows 10) Alcatel Pixi 4 Plus Power Alcatel Pixi 4 (5) Alcatel XL Alcatel Shine Lite Alcatel X1 Alcatel Pop Star Alcatel Pop 4S Alcatel Pop 4+ Alcatel Pop 4. Alcatel Idol 5s Alcatel Idol 5s vs. Apple iPhone 6 Alcatel Idol 5s vs. Motorola Moto Z2 Play vs. Motorola Moto Z Play vs. Huawei Honor 8 Alcatel Idol 5s vs. LG Google Nexus 5x vs. Oneplus 2 Alcatel Idol 5s vs. Samsung Galaxy S3 Neo Alcatel Idol 5s vs. Alcatel Flash 2 Alcatel Idol 5s vs. Blu R1 Plus Alcatel Idol 5 vs. Alcatel Idol 4 Pro vs. Alcatel Idol 5s Alcatel Idol 5s vs. Alcatel Idol 4 Pro Alcatel Idol 5s vs. Nokia 7 Plus Is an Android One Phone With Dual Rear Cameras, Zeiss Optics Samsung Galaxy S9, Galaxy S9+ With Improved Cameras, AR Emoji Launched Samsung Galaxy S9, Galaxy S9+ Pre-Orders Now Open in India Nokia 7 Plus vs Nokia 7 Sony Xperia XZ2, Xperia XZ2 Compact With 18:9 Displays Launched at MWC Nokia 8110 4G Is a 'Slider' Feature Phone With Google, Facebook Apps OnePlus 5, OnePlus 5T HD Content Streaming Issue Fixed, With a Catch Sony Unveils Xperia Ear Duo to Answer Apple AirPods, Samsung Gear IconX Mi MIX 2S With Snapdragon 845 Confirmed by Xiaomi; Launching on March 27 Vodafone to Offer 4.5GB Data Per Day for 28 Days at Rs. Samsung phones price list Lyf phones price list Micromax phones price list Sony phones price list Htc phones price list Lenovo phones price list Intex phones price list Lava phones price list Apple phones price list Nokia phones price list Xolo phones price list Lg phones price list Vivo phones price list Oppo phones price list Gionee phones price list Motorola phones price list Blackberry phones price list Xiaomi phones price list. Sitemaps Archives Advertise About Us Feedback Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions Complaint Redressal Careers Contact Us RSS Ethics Alcatel Idol 5S in Hindi. © Copyright Red Pixels Ventures Limited 2018. Subject Comments. 
How to Block a Number on Any Phone. How to Build Your Smart Home. How to Create an Anonymous Email Account. How to Save Money on Your Cell Phone Plan. How to Set Up Two-Factor Authentication. How to Set Up and Configure Your Wireless Router. Tips Every Amazon Addict Should Know. Hard Drives, Storage, Networking & Backup. Back Antivirus, Safety & Security. Back Browsers & Operating Systems. Best HR Software & Management Systems. Best Self-Service Business Intelligence (BI) Tools. Best Social Media Management & Analytics Tools. Back Cameras & Photo/Video Editing. Best Video Editing Software for Enthusiasts. Best Samsung Galaxy S8 and S8+ Cases. Best Samsung Galaxy Note 8 Cases. Best MacBook Air Cases and Sleeves. Back Smart Home & Wearables. Back Hard Drives, Storage, Networking & Backup. Back Keyboards, Mice, Monitors & Speakers. Back Shows, Events & Holiday. Back TVs & Streaming Media. Best Managed WordPress Web Hosting Services. Best Small Business Web Hosting Services. The Alcatel Idol 5 for Cricket has an attractive design, solid specs, and pairs with an optional companion headset to deliver an affordable VR experience. Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. blog comments powered by Disqus. PCMag reviews products independently , but we may earn affiliate commissions from buying links on this page.. View All 11 Photos in Gallery. Supports pass-through camera function on companion VR headset.. The Alcatel Idol 5 for Cricket has an attractive design, solid specs, and pairs with an optional companion headset to deliver an affordable VR experience.. Virtual reality doesn't need to cost a fortune. Just pop the new $199.99 Alcatel Idol 5 phone for Cricket Wireless into a companion UNI360 headset and you're good to go. That's not the Idol 5's only selling point. You also get an attractive metal design, a rich set of features, and solid specs for the price. If big phablets like the ZTE Blade X Max aren't your style, the Alcatel Idol 5 provides a sleek and stylish alternative.. The Alcatel Idol 5 doesn't take a significant departure from the design of the Idol 5S, but trades the glass on the back for a metal unibody. It measures 5.8 by 2.8 by 0.3 inches (HWD) and weighs a modest 5.2 ounces, making it far more pocketable than phablets like the aforementioned Blade X Max (6.4 by 3.3 by 0.4 inches, 6.9 ounces).. View All 11 Photos in Gallery. There's a power button on the left, a USB-C charging port and a 3.5mm audio jack on the bottom, and a volume rocker and programmable key that can quickly launch apps on the right. A microSD slot on the top supports cards up to 256GB and worked fine with the one we tried. The one thing missing is a fingerprint sensor, which is an unfortunate omission as you'll find it on most entry-level phones now, including the ultra-affordable Motorola Moto E4 .. A bright 5.2-inch, 1,920-by-1,080 IPS screen dominates the front of the phone. Pixel density works out to a crisp 424 pixels per inch ( ppi ), matching the Moto G5 Plus. It's sharp for the size, and you won't notice as much pixelation as the larger Blade X Max (367ppi), though they both share the same resolution. Colors are rich and saturated, and viewing angles are very good. Outdoors the screen remains visible under direct sunlight. Like previous Alcatel phones it's reversible, quickly changing the UI around if you use it upside down. Above and below the screen are a pair of front-facing stereo speakers that give you impressively loud audio, though you'll experience some distortion at maximum volume.. The phone is locked to Cricket (which uses AT&T's network) and supports GSM (850/900/1800/1900MHz), UMTS (850/1700/1900/2100MHz), and LTE bands (1/2/4/5/7/12/30). It should give you slightly better performance than the X Max, which doesn't have band 30. During network testing in heavily congested midtown Manhattan, we saw top speeds of 10.5Mbps down and 7.5Mbps up, which is in line with other AT&T/Cricket phones we've tested in the area.. Wi-Fi is more robust than you normally get in this price range, with support on both the 2.4GHz and 5GHz bands. There's also NFC, but without a fingerprint sensor, you can't (easily) use Android Pay.. Transmissions are clear, albeit a bit robotic. Noise cancellation does a decent job of blotting out background noise, though you still get the occasional murmur of conversation or blaring car horn. Earpiece and speakerphone volume are both loud.. Under the hood, the phone is powered by a MediaTek Helio P20 processor clocked at 2.35GHz. In the AnTuTu benchmark (a measure of overall system performance), it scored 61,645. That's a nice bump up from the Blade X Max (44,292), and just barely less than the Snapdragon 625-powered G5 Plus (63,845).. The phone has 2GB of RAM, making it smooth and responsive in general operation. It handled multitasking without any noticeable hiccups, though it stuttered when it came to some VR apps (more on this in the next section). The Idol 5 was able to run demanding games like GTA: San Andreas, but I did experience some slowdown and dropped frames.. Battery life is average at best. The phone clocked 4 hours, 30 minutes in our rundown test, in which we stream full-screen video over LTE at maximum screen brightness. That's almost an hour less than the Blade X Max (5 hours, 17 minutes), which has a larger display, and nearly three hours short of the similarly sized Moto G5 Plus (7 hours, 35 minutes). Fortunately, MediaTek's proprietary charging standard, Pump Express 2.0, should let you reach a full charge quickly.. See How We Test Cell Phones. Camera performance is decent, though nothing to get excited about. The 12-megapixel rear sensor takes generally clear shots in well-lit settings without much loss of detail. But indoors and in lower lighting, it can get slow and noisy. It often takes several seconds to focus after the camera app launches, and in cases of poor lighting, you often get blurry shots.. That said, it supports HDR mode to punch up colors, along with manual controls to give you the ability to tweak shots to improve performance in challenging circumstances. Video recording is mostly stable at 30fps, though frames can drop in lower light. There's also a profusion of camera modes to allow for features like slow-motion recording and 360-degree video. An 8-megapixel front-facing camera takes clear selfies.. The UNI360 is a VR headset sold separately from the Idol 5 for a fairly affordable $50. It's pretty similar to other mobile headsets like the Samsung Gear VR. It has a pair of lenses encased in a plastic body, with a plush cushioning for your face and a flexible velcro strap to keep it in place. There are adjustable phone clips, allowing it to work with a variety of phones between 5 and 6 inches, including iPhones. There two physical buttons on the top — Select on the right and Back on the left. A focus wheel sits in the middle. I found that it accommodated my glasses comfortably.. Pairing the Idol 5 with the UNI360 automatically launches VR Home, a preloaded VR interface where you can watch 360-degree video and play games. Content is provided in a partnership with Littlstar, but you can also run any VR apps available from Google Play. It uses an Oculus Rift -style interface, with panels that give you access to games and demos from the preloaded VR Store.. Some games played fine, but others proved too demanding, taxing the phone to the point that it became sluggish when moving around. The 1080p screen is also noticeably pixelated. You really want the highest-resolution possible when it's right up in your face.. However, what makes the UNI360 unique from other mobile headsets is that it supports elements of mixed reality. There's a pass-through camera feature when you use it with the Idol 5 that allows you to keep it strapped to your head, and use the phone's rear camera to find your way around. I managed to use it to navigate parts of my office—though again I experienced some latency, so I wouldn't try to use it in a cluttered area.. Other features include the ability to accept phone calls and read text messages when you're in the VR environment, giving you a way to stay connected to the real world even when you're in a virtual one. It's a solid accessory for the price, especially considering it can be powered by a $200 phone.. The Idol 5 runs Android 7.0 Nougat with a UI that appears to be pretty close to stock. There are some minor visual changes to apps and the Settings menu, but for the most part, everything should look familiar. If you want to make a drastic change to the phone's theme, you can use the preloaded Color Catcher app, which uses the colors of your surroundings (through the camera) to create a unique, customized design. It changes most visual aspects of the device, from the home screen to app icons.. Because this is a Cricket phone, you'll find the usual set of Cricket apps preloaded, along with the VR and Littelstar apps. Aside from those, there's also Amazon, a handful of games, Deezer, Facebook, NextRadio, vTime, and WPS Office. This leaves you with 19.03GB of storage available out of 32GB. That's a little on the low side, so if you plan to download lots of apps or take many photos, you probably want to pop in a microSD card.. At $199.99, the Alcatel Idol 5 has a lot going for it, with its slim design, solid hardware, and VR support. If you're looking for a sleek, feature-packed phone in a reasonably sized package, it's a great option. But in terms of sheer value, the $129.99 ZTE Blade X Max offers similar features (and even adds a fingerprint sensor) for nearly half the price, so it remains our Editors' Choice.. Bottom Line: The Alcatel Idol 5 for Cricket has an attractive design, solid specs, and pairs with an optional companion headset to deliver an affordable VR experience.. Ajay Kumar is PCMag's Analyst obsessed with all things mobile. Ajay reviews phones, tablets, accessories, and just about any other gadget that can be carried around with you. In his spare time he games on the rig he built himself, collects Nintendo amiibos, and tries his hand at publishing a novel. Hands On: Alcatel Series 5, 3, 1 Phones, 1T Tablets, Linkzone Hotspots. Skyroam Tips $99 4G Roaming Subscription Service. PCMag reviews products independently , but we may earn affiliate commissions from buying links on this page.. Get Our Best Stories! Email Sign Up. Subscribe to What's New Now. This newsletter may contain advertising, deals, or affiliate links. Subscribing to a newsletter indicates your consent to our Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. You may unsubscribe from the newsletters at any time.. Tech on a Budget: 35 Gift Ideas Under $20. 28 Hidden iOS 11 Tips You Need to Know. 13 Must-Have Tech Gifts Under $50. 10 Games Every Nintendo Switch Player Needs. TV Shows to Watch if You Love 'Stranger Things'. How to Master iOS 11's New Control Center. How to Play DVDs in Windows 10. How to Stop Blue Light From Disturbing Your Sleep. PC, PC Magazine and PC PCMag.com are among the federally registered trademarks of Ziff Davis, LLC and may not be used by third parties without explicit permission.. We have updated our PRIVACY POLICY and encourage you to read it by clicking here .. 
Specifications Slick budget phone with a crummy battery. The Alcatel Idol 5S has slick features but a small battery. With premium looks and lots of good features, the Idol 5S is a steal at its low price. Too bad the battery doesn't last long.. CNET earns fees when you click these offers.. Best Phones for 2018. See All. Samsung’s king of phones is excellent, but you'll pay a pretty penny for stylus privileges.. A radical redesign that's nearly all screen includes a new cutting-edge facial recognition.... LG just gave Samsung a run for the money.. But we're still waiting on the Siri-like AI.. The Pixel 2's superb camera makes it worth a look.. CNET may earn fees when you click through to a partner site.. 
