Select the department you want to search in. Sign in Account & Lists Sign in Account & Lists Orders Try Prime Cart. Your Amazon.com Today's Deals Gift Cards Registry Sell Help Disability Customer Support. 1-16 of 68 results for "Alcatel U5". See all results for Alcatel U5 .. Alcatel U5 5044D 8GB Dual SIM Cocoa Gray. Alcatel U5 4047A 5.0" Quad-Core 1.3GHz 16GB 1GB Ram 13MP Fingerprint Sensor Android 7.0 Factory Unlocked Smartphone (Rose Gold). Only 20 left in stock - order soon.. Alcatel U5 4047A 5.0" Quad-Core 1.3GHz 16GB 1GB Ram 13MP Fingerprint Sensor Android 7.0 Factory Unlocked Smartphone (Metallic Gold). Only 18 left in stock - order soon.. Alcatel U5 Lite 4047G 5.0" 3G Quad Core 1.3GHz 8GB + 1GB RAM 8MP + 5MP Dual Flash \ Factory Unlocked (Gold/Black). Only 10 left in stock - order soon.. kwmobile Crystal Case Cover for Alcatel U5 (4G) made of TPU Silicone - transparent clear Protection Case in transparent. Only 3 left in stock - order soon.. [3-PACK]- Mr Shield For Alcatel U5 [Tempered Glass] Screen Protector [0.3mm Ultra Thin 9H Hardness 2.5D Round Edge] with Lifetime Replacement Warranty. Only 15 left in stock - order soon.. Alcatel U5 Lite 4047G 5.0" 3G Quad Core 1.3GHz 8GB + 1GB RAM 8MP + 5MP Dual Flash \ Factory Unlocked (White/Rose Gold). Only 10 left in stock - order soon.. SMARTPHONE ALCATEL 4047A U5 5" 3G 8 GB 1 GB RAM QUAD CORE 1,3 GHZ GOLD. Alcatel U5 QUICK CHARGE 3.0 18W Wall Charging Kit with (2)5Ft Cables. Both a USB Type-C & MicroUSB Cable! [Qualcomm Certified / 110-240v / 82 Voltages). by Certified Accessory for Alcatel. Only 3 left in stock - order soon.. Product Features QUICK CHARGE 3.0 your U5 27% faster & 38% More efficiently!. Professional Kingston 32GB U5 HD MicroSDHC Card with custom formatting and Standard SD Adapter! (Class 10, UHS-I). by Custom Kingston for Alcatel. Only 3 left in stock - order soon.. Professional Kingston 16GB U5 HD MicroSDHC Card with custom formatting and Standard SD Adapter! (Class 10, UHS-I). by Custom Kingston for Alcatel. Only 3 left in stock - order soon.. Professional Ultra SanDisk 256GB U5 HD MicroSDXC card with CUSTOM Hi-Speed, Lossless Format! Includes Standard SD Adapter. by Custom SanDisk for Alcatel. Only 3 left in stock - order soon.. Alcatel Allura 4G LTE Unlocked 5056O 5.5 inch 16GB 8MP Usa Latin & Caribbean Bands. Only 8 left in stock - order soon.. Professional Kingston 64GB U5 HD MicroSDXC Card with custom formatting and Standard SD Adapter! (Class 10, UHS-I). by Custom Kingston for Alcatel. Only 3 left in stock - order soon.. Professional Ultra SanDisk 64GB U5 HD MicroSDXC card with CUSTOM Hi-Speed, Lossless Format! Includes Standard SD Adapter. by Custom SanDisk for Alcatel. Only 3 left in stock - order soon.. Professional Ultra SanDisk 32GB U5 MicroSDHC card with CUSTOM Hi-Speed, Lossless Format! Includes Standard SD Adapter. by Custom SanDisk for Alcatel. Only 3 left in stock - order soon.. 4 Stars & Up & Up. 3 Stars & Up & Up. 2 Stars & Up & Up. 1 Star & Up & Up. All customers get FREE Shipping on orders over $25 shipped by Amazon. Cell Phone Cases, Holsters & Clips. There's a problem loading this menu right now.. Get fast, free shipping with Amazon Prime. Prime members enjoy FREE Two-Day Shipping and exclusive access to music, movies, TV shows, original audio series, and Kindle books.. Careers About Amazon Investor Relations Amazon Devices. Sell on Amazon Sell Your Services on Amazon Sell on Amazon Business Sell Your Apps on Amazon Become an Affiliate Advertise Your Products Self-Publish with Us › See all. Amazon Rewards Visa Signature Cards Amazon.com Store Card Amazon.com Corporate Credit Line Shop with Points Credit Card Marketplace Reload Your Balance Amazon Currency Converter. Your Account Your Orders Shipping Rates & Policies Amazon Prime Returns & Replacements Manage Your Content and Devices Amazon Assistant Help. Amazon Music Stream millions of songs. Amazon Drive Cloud storage from Amazon. 6pm Score deals on fashion brands. AbeBooks Books, art & collectibles. ACX Audiobook Publishing Made Easy. Alexa Actionable Analytics for the Web. Amazon Business Everything For Your Business. AmazonFresh Groceries & More Right To Your Door. AmazonGlobal Ship Orders Internationally. Home Services Handpicked Pros Happiness Guarantee. Amazon Inspire Digital Educational Resources. Amazon Rapids Fun stories for kids on the go. Amazon Restaurants Food delivery from local restaurants. Amazon Video Direct Video Distribution Made Easy. Amazon Web Services Scalable Cloud Computing Services. Audible Download Audio Books. AudiobookStand Discount Audiobooks on Disc. Book Depository Books With Free Delivery Worldwide. Box Office Mojo Find Movie Box Office Data. ComiXology Thousands of Digital Comics. CreateSpace Indie Print Publishing Made Easy. DPReview Digital Photography. East Dane Designer Men's Fashion. Fabric Sewing, Quilting & Knitting. Goodreads Book reviews & recommendations. IMDb Movies, TV & Celebrities. IMDbPro Get Info Entertainment Professionals Need. Junglee.com Shop Online in India. Kindle Direct Publishing Indie Digital Publishing Made Easy. Prime Now FREE 2-Hour Delivery on Everyday Items. Prime Photos Unlimited Photo Storage Free With Prime. Shopbop Designer Fashion Brands. TenMarks.com Math Activities for Kids & Schools. Warehouse Deals Open-Box Discounts. Whole Foods Market America’s Healthiest Grocery Store. Withoutabox Submit to Film Festivals. Woot! Deals and Shenanigans. Zappos Shoes & Clothing. Souq.com Shop Online in the Middle East. Subscribe with Amazon Discover & try subscription services. Conditions of Use Privacy Notice Interest-Based Ads © 1996-2018, Amazon.com, Inc. 
more ... more .... more ... more .... Release date: Jul 1, 2017. View all photos (5). Too little RAM memory (1 GB RAM). Low pixel density screen (196 ppi). The Alcatel U5 sports a 5-inch display, quad-core processor, 1 GB of RAM, 8 GB internal storage and a slot for microSD. There is a 5-megapixels camera on the back and a 2-megapixels front snapper. The phone is LTE enabled and runs Android 6.0 Marshmallow.. Dimensions: 5.54 x 2.83 x 0.39 inches (140.7 x 71.8 x 9.95 mm). Resolution: 480 x 854 pixels. Features: Ambient light sensor, Proximity sensor. Pixel density - The pixel density of a display represents the number of pixels over an area of one inch. It’s measured in “pixels per inch”, or ppi. The higher the number, the more detailed and good-looking the display is.. Screen-to-body ratio - Shows what part of the frontal area of a phone its screen occupies.. Software Features: Digital image stabilization, Smile detection, Face detection, Self-timer, Digital zoom, Geo tagging. Shooting Modes: Burst mode, High Dynamic Range mode (HDR), Panorama. Features: Time-lapse video, Video calling, Video sharing. Quad-core, 1100 MHz, ARM Cortex-A53, 64-bit. System chip - Most modern handsets use an advanced chip that includes many of the device’s hardware modules like the processor, Wi-Fi, Bluetooth and sometimes even the wireless radio. This field shows what particular system chip (or System-on-a-Chip) is used in the phone.. Processor - The processor is the main computing component of a phone and is a major factor when it comes to the overall speed of the device. Some more powerful smartphones use dual-core and quad-core processors designed to deliver greater performance.. Graphics processor - The graphics processor is important for the smooth operation of the system and especially in games and other applications that may involve complex graphics and animations.. System memory - System memory, or RAM memory is the type of memory that the device uses to temporarily store data from the OS or currently-running apps. The more RAM available to the device, the better the performance will be when multiple or heavier programs are running.. Built-in storage - Bigger storage capacity allows you to keep more content saved onto your device, such as more applications, photos or video. Games and video content typically take up the biggest amount of storage space.. Capacity - The bigger, the better! However, battery capacity is not the only factor that has an effect on battery life. Those include the chipset in use, the software running on the device, as well as the consumer's unique usage pattern.. Multimedia Screen mirroring: Wireless screen share. Filter by: Album, Artist, Genre, Playlists. Features: Album art cover, Background playback. Cellular GSM: 850, 900, 1800, 1900 MHz. UMTS: 850, 900, 1900, 2100 MHz. LTE (FDD): Bands 1, 3, 7, 8, 20. Data: LTE Cat 4 (150/50 Mbit/s), HSDPA+ (4G) 42.2 Mbit/s, HSUPA 5.76 Mbit/s. Other features: Voice dialing, Voice commands, Voice recording. Features: Mass storage device, USB charging. Other: Tethering, Computer sync, OTA sync. Positioning - This field shows the positioning systems supported by the device. The most common types are GPS and A-GPS.. GPS - This is one of the most widespread global positioning technologies, developed and maintained by the U.S. It uses satellites in order to detect your location. A-GPS - A-GPS stands for Assisted GPS and is the industry standard for positioning and navigation. “Assisted” means that it can use local wireless networks, in addition to satellites, for quicker and more precise localization.. Availability Officially announced: 26 Feb 2017. To see the full specifications with in-depth details click here.. Despite our efforts to provide full and correct Alcatel U5 specifications, there is always a possibility of making a mistake. If you see any wrong or incomplete data, please LET US KNOW .. If you are interested in using our specs commercially, check out our Phone specs database licensing page.. An improved version of the Alcatel U5 goes official, this time featuring HD display. Alcatel's MWC lineup includes a glowing-back smartphone, Windows tablet. The Samsung Galaxy S9 and S9+ have game-changing cameras with variable aperture and 960fps slow-mo video recording. The Big Barcelona Camera Comparison: iPhone X vs Pixel 2 XL vs Note 8. Samsung Galaxy S9 and S9+ rumor review: Specs, design, features, price and release date. Sony presents Xperia XZ2 and XZ2 Compact: new design and Snapdragon 845. Galaxy S9 Exynos edition gets benchmarked against rivals!. Galaxy S9 first camera comparison vs iPhone X, V30, S8. Samsung Galaxy S9 & S9+ hands-on. MWC 2018: top smartphones to expect. Best smartphone you can buy in 2018. Allo is a quality app, but Google isn't giving it a real chance. All content (phone reviews, news, specs, info), design and layouts are Copyright 2001-2018 phoneArena.com. Reproduction in whole or in part or in any form or medium without written permission is prohibited! Privacy. 
Find out more on our cookies page .. To accept this and continue using the site, press Accept & continue.. From getting your kit home to setting it up, we can help.. When something goes wrong with your kit, we can pick up the pieces.. Whatever life throws at you, we'll protect your most important kit.. From upgrades to trade-ins, we can save you time and money.. Alcatel U5 Setup & User Guide. Get your Alcatel U5 set up and working the way you want with this guide. We take you through inserting the SIM, setting up email accounts, connecting to Wi-Fi and everything else you need to know to get started with your new phone.. Step 1: Inserting your SIM and memory card. You'll need to insert a SIM card into your Alcatel U5 before you turn it on. The Alcatel U5 takes a micro-SIM, which you may have received with your phone. If you don't have a micro-SIM, your mobile network provider can send one to you.. Follow these steps to insert the SIM and microSD card into your Alcatel U5.. Take the metal pin from the box and push the pointy end into the pinhole on the left edge of your phone.. The tray for your SIM card will eject. The SIM sits in the slot on the right of the tray, and a microSD card sits in the slot on the left.. Place the SIM on the tray, line up the cut corner of the SIM with the tray then push it back into the phone.. To add a microSD card, place it on the tray and make sure the metal contacts are facing down - towards the back of the phone. Slide the tray back into the phone.. Step 2: Completing the Alcatel U5 Setup Wizard. Now you've installed the SIM card, you're ready to set up your Alcatel. button on the right-hand edge of the phone for two seconds - until the screen lights up.. When the phone turns on, you'll see the first screen of the 'Setup Wizard' - a series of steps that help get the Alcatel U5 ready to use. To make things less confusing, we explain each step and screen you'll see along the way.. if you want to use something different, then press the yellow circle .. Connect to Wi-Fi to make sure your phone can download everything it needs to. (it's on your router if you're not sure of it).. Agree to let Google run security checks on your apps and software. This keeps malicious apps from infecting your phone.. to set the phone up as new. If you want to restoe from a different phone, choose Copy Google accounts... If you haven't got an account yet, set one up by pressing. Accept the terms and conditions.. Google have some services that you can use on your phone. Read through the ones showing, tapping on any you know you don't want to use. Add payment info to purchase apps, games and more through your Google account. To skip this step, press No, thanks. You can now add another email account. We cover this in a later chapter, so choose Not now. You can set up a lock screen now, but it can make it slower to set up your new phone. to set this up later in our guide.. to confirm you want to set up security later.. to complete the setup wizard and start using your phone.. Step 3: Connecting to the internet. Lots of apps, especially social media ones, need access to the internet. These steps will help you stay connected.. Swipe down from the very top of the phone screen and tap on the cog. icon which appears at the very top.. Make sure Wi-Fi is turned on by tapping the switch at the top, then tap your. (you'll find it on the router if you can't remember it).. If your mobile internet isn't working straight away, go to Settings and choose 'More'.. Tap on Mobile networks .. These tell your phone where to look for an internet signal.. Here you'll see any existing APNs. To use the correct one, tap the three dots. in the top-right corner and choose Reset to default .. To turn your mobile data on and off, go to the Settings and choose 'Data usage'. In there you'll find a switch next to 'Mobile data'. Tap it to turn it on and off.. That's all there is to it. If your mobile data doesn't seem to be coming on, you might need to put some manual settings in. Don't panic - we've covered it. Step 4: Adding your email accounts. If you've got more than one email account, you'll want to know how to set them up on your Alcatel U5. Open the Settings menu, then choose. It's usually 'IMAP', but it'll be 'Exchange' for work or education accounts.. Choose your notification options, then press. On the last page, you can name the account if you want. If it doesn't set up automatically, you might need some manual settings. guide to email server settings .. Step 5: Setting up lock screen security. Protecting your phone is important because you'll want to keep your information safe. These steps will help you get secure.. We recommend 'PIN' or 'Password' because they're the safest.. You can use a PIN when the phone first turns on, or press. you want to use, then tap. Choose your notification options and press. Your screen lock is set now, and will activate when you lock your phone.. Go to Settings > Security , then. Read the security info, and then tap. If you've already set up security, enter your PIN or password.. Find the fingerprint scanner on the back of your phone and tap Next .. Put your finger on the sensor - lift it when you feel a vibration.. Once it's done, you can add more by tapping. You can now see your saved fingerprint. To add more fingerprints, tap Fingerprint. Step 6: How to download apps from the Play Store. Downloading apps to your Alcatel U5 is done through the Google Play Store, which has millions of different apps and games you can install. We've got a whole guide to downloading apps to your phone here .. Use these steps to start chatting on your Alcatel U5.. Open the Phone app from your Home screen. tab stores your favourite contacts, the Clock. tab stores your previous calls and the People. Press the blue number pad icon at the bottom to dial a number. Type a phone number and your contacts will appear at the top.. Use the letters on the numberpad to search for a name.. tab to view your contacts list, where you can type straight into a search box to find your contact.. Step 8: Sending texts and picture messages. Texts are a quick way to get in touch with your friends and family. Follow these steps to send text and picture messages from your Alcatel U5.. This looks like a speech bubble .. box, and type a person's number, or name if they're saved in your contacts.. Enter message , then type your message.. on the right to send the message on its way.. Sending an MMS or Picture Message. button on the left of the message box.. Use the icons along the bottom to choose the type of thing you want to send - an emoticon, a picture, video etc.. Go through the phone to find the item you want to send, and tap it.. A 'message thread' is all the messages sent between you and a contact. Press and hold the thread you want to delete, until a tick shows next to it.. icon at the top to delete it.. Step 9: Sending emails and attachments. Follow these steps to send an email from your Alcatel smartphone.. Open the Gmail app from your Home screen.. button in the bottom-right corner of the screen.. box, and start to type a person's email address or name. Some suggestions from your contacts might show up as you type - tap one to choose them.. Type your email into the box at the bottom.. at the top-right to send the email.. Go through steps 1-5 above to get your email ready, then follow these steps to add an attachment.. icon in the top-right corner, then tap. Go through the phone to find the item you want to send, and tap it.. in the top-right to send the email on its way.. You can easily add alarms that can make sure you're up and about at just the right time.. you want the alarm to go off, then tap the. Repeat: choose the days you want the alarm to go off.. Ringtone: choose a sound the alarm will make.. Vibrate: choose if you want the phone to vibrate when the alarm goes off.. Label: give the alarm a name, like 'Work' or 'Doctor's appointment'.. Hopefully that should be everything you need to know about using your phone, but if you'd like any extra help, you can get in touch with our Team Knowhow Experts. If you've got an issue with any of your kit, our experts are on-call to help 24/7 - in-store, at home, or over the phone.. When your kit's fully broken, you need it fixed fast. Our accredited experts will get you back up and running in no time.. Available in-store, online, at home and over the phone.. Team Knowhow, PO Box 1686, Sheffield, S2 5YB. DSG Retail Limited (registered in England and Wales, number 504877) and The Carphone Warehouse Limited (registered in England and Wales, number 2142673) trading as Team Knowhow, 1 Portal Way, London, W3 6RS. 
SIM Only SIM Samsung Galaxy S7 black Apple iPhone 7 32GB black Samsung Galaxy S7 Edge black Samsung Galaxy S8 Plus black Samsung Galaxy S8 Plus rose pink Apple iPhone 7 32GB rose gold Samsung Galaxy S8 black Samsung Galaxy S7 Edge gold Samsung Galaxy S8 grey. There are plenty of budget smartphones to choose from but our Alcatel U5 review highlights the one that is for selfie addicts. The Alcatel U5 is full of selfie editing apps and we will take a look at these, later on in the review.. We have mentioned that this is a budget Alcatel phone and that equates to handset only price of £89.99 or a from £11.99 per month on a contract.. Although the Alcatel U5 is affordable it does have some nice design qualities. The back cover has a micro-pattern texture imprinted into it. This curves softly around to meet the sides, where we also find a textured power button.. The Alcatel U5 is 9.95mm thick and weighs in at 168g. On the top edge we find the 3.5mm audio jack, while on the bottom we find the microUSB port.. The Alcatel U5 has a large 5” display with FWVGA resolution (854 x 480 pixels). This resolution is adequate for web browsing and standard gaming. Inside, a MediaTek quad-core 1.1GHz processor with 1GB RAM powers the experience and the performance is inline with that of other phones in the same pricing bracket.. The Alcatel U5 has a limited 8GB internal memory for transferring content onto, from an old smartphone or Apple iPhone. The good news is that there is a microSD card slot, so you can quickly and cheaply add memory, as needed.. New: Alcatel Idol 5 review. There is a standard set of security protocols that can be used to secure this Alcatel phone. These include PIN, pattern and password.. Play Music - Music player. Play Movies & TV - Purchase or rent movies and TV. Keep - Note taking with time or location based reminders. The Alcatel U5 runs Google’s Android Marshmallow operating system and this brings with it a series of pre-loaded apps:. There are also some useful features that are worth a mention. First is Turbo Download and this uses 4G and Wi-Fi at the same time, in order to quickly download files of over 20MB.. The Phone Guard app can be used to boost performance, protect against viruses and save battery power. Screen Capture can be used to take screenshots and Simple Mode can be used to give a basic interface, for technophobes.. Face Mask - Add masks and live filters to both photos and videos. Face Show - Create share-worthy animations. Instant Collage - Choose a collage shape / layout and take photos one by one until the collage is full. Face Beauty - Apply skin filters with a sliding strength filter. The 2MP selfie camera has its own LED flash, a dedicated smart Selfie Album and a host of selfie editing apps:. The main 5MP camera also has a LED flash along with a variety of shooting modes. These include Night Mode with low light enhancements, Pano, Time Lapse and video recording with Electronic Image Stabilisation (EIS).. If preferred, users can touch the volume button to take a photo or press and hold the volume button in order to capture a burst of photos.. The Alcatel U5 has a 2,050mAh battery and this can be charged through the mains adapter or through a microUSB cable, connected to a PC or laptop.. Next: Alcatel A7 XL review. 500 MB data. 1 GB data. 1 GB data. Sony Xperia Z5 Compact 32GB black. Reviewed on 21/10/2015 by Michael Brown. Reviewed on 10/05/2016 by Michael Brown. Reviewed on 23/08/2016 by Michael Brown. Reviewed on 13/02/2017 by Michael Brown. Reviewed on 21/03/2017 by Michael Brown. Reviewed on 10/04/2017 by Michael Brown. Reviewed on 19/04/2017 by Michael Brown. Reviewed on 11/09/2017 by Michael Brown. Reviewed on 04/12/2017 by Michael Brown. Reviewed on 28/12/2017 by Michael Brown. Subscribe to our newsletter for the latest deals. Mobilephones.com Unit 2 The Pavilions, Cranmore Drive, Solihull, West Midlands, B90 4SB. Mobilephones.com Unit 2 The Pavilions Cranmore Drive Solihull West Midlands B90 4SB. Copyright © 2013 - 2018 Mobilephones.com Ltd., all rights reserved.. 
alcatel U5 - user opinions and reviews. Pages: 1 2 ». I have the optus version of this phone. It is called the Optus X Spirit. Has anyone tried to use this phone with Chromecast? I just want to know if I can mirror this device with my TV if I was to purchase Chromecast.. Way too long to charge and way too quick to empty. Fortunately, it was cheap but won't buy it again.. very good fone does a gd job plus you can get your apps ect without no lag and that highly recoommend this fone :). Have just got this phone (on a cheap plan) and it's taking forever to charge with the supplied charger. Is it safe to use a generic usb plug/charger? Is it the charger or the battery that's the issue?. Does it support the newest version of Facebook and Facebook messenger ( not f.b. lite or messenger lite ) ??. My daughter got this as her first phone at Christmas. Very, very pleased with the phone. Great battery life, easy to use, camera pretty good too. Brilliant phone fast n easy to use battery doesn't drain quickly as many people have said n it charges fast aswell memory is pretty good on it long as you don't download apps with big storage plus if you have sd card you can add memory to what's already on the phone it's cheap n cheerful Ive gone through 7 cheap nasty phones till I got this n I'm very happy finally ignore the negative reviews it's a great phone for a great price. Last a day with normal use. Charging speed is improved with a 1amp charger.. I have just purchased the ALcatel U5 mobile phone. I wanted to know if anyone could help me in telling me how long the battery lasts when it is fully charged.. I cannot delete an update from google ...was trying download. Anonymous, 16 Oct 2017 This phone is a total waste of money, don't even consider owning one of this. more alcatel is owned by nokia and has been for quite a while also it appears that there are two seperate versions of this phone according to argos a 3G and a 4G version everywhere else ive been say argos are mistaken its a 4G phone there isnt two versions of it &#128530;. bea1995, 02 Nov 2017 Has anyone had problems with the SD card as mine is not recognising it as storage all together... more have you tried swapping the SIM card to that slot, and putting the memory card where you now have the SIM ?. hard to use, easy to drain, takes like years when charging. Has anyone had problems with the SD card as mine is not recognising it as storage all together?. Brand new 16GB SD card, formatted as internal storage and cannot for the life of me install anything as i have no storage available. The SD port does look damaged but how would i go about fixing it? Go back to where i bought it, phone repair or just scrapping the phone?. This phone is a total waste of money, don't even consider owning one of this. This phone albeit heavily advertized as the cheapest 4G capable Smartphone in the market, cannot sustain it in more than 10 minutes of 4G usage before it starts to heat up, lag, and freeze. Also, this phone is basically a chinese phone because Alcatel is owned and operated by TCL. TL;DR: Don't even bother to buy this if you have other options.. I find I am charging battery for 6 to 8 hours to get 4 hours battery life. Am going back to shop tomorrow to see if there is some problem with it. Also after a week and a half it just decided to reject sd card. Sorry I bought it but you get what you pay for. Overall a big piece of c--p and I won't have it long. Why does this phone takes too long to charge even though this is only 2050 mah? I have tried fast chargers and noticed a slightly long charging time compared to my other phones.. Anonymous, 14 Sep 2017 Load of sh*t bought it because I needed a cheap android phone for 4g browsing. more right i have one of these 3g works fine but i had a similar problem with 4g signal, best thing to try is to download an mtk engineering app to access the mtk hidden menu , select "MTK Settings" then "SIM1" then "Band Mode" then go to the UMTS area untick all of them except "WCDMA-IMT-2000" then press "SET". Is u5 has a dedicated sd card & 2 slot sim card ? pls, tell. i mean separate sd and 2 slot sim card. Load of sh*t bought it because I needed a cheap android phone for 4g browsing. Barely gets 3g despite being the 4g model. Speed tests show an average of 1mb downloads but when I put the SIM in my Google XL I get 80+mbs. Serious problems with this phone and I completely regret buying it. Pages: 1 2 ». Total of 29 user reviews and opinions for alcatel U5 .. Samsung Apple Nokia Sony LG HTC Motorola Huawei Microsoft Lenovo Xiaomi Google Acer Asus Oppo OnePlus Meizu BlackBerry Alcatel ZTE Toshiba Vodafone Energizer XOLO Lava Micromax BLU Gionee vivo LeEco Panasonic HP YU verykool Maxwest Plum. Alcatel A5 LED, A3, U5, PLUS 12 hands-on. Motorola Moto C alcatel Pixi 4 (5) alcatel U5 HD LG K4 (2017) alcatel A3 alcatel Pixi 4 (4). alcatel 3x alcatel 3 alcatel 1x alcatel 5 alcatel 3v alcatel Pixi 4 (5). 
Android News VIEW MORE Google Pixel HTC Huawei Lenovo LG Motorola Nokia OnePlus Samsung Sony Android Auto Android India News Android Wear Android Pay Android Tablets Best Android Phones Android TV Android Updates Amazon Google News VIEW MORE Google Assistant Google Maps Google Photos Google Hangouts Google Play Google Translate Google Voice Google fi Google Nexus Google Chromebook Google Drive Google Home Google Pixel Google Nexus Tech News VIEW MORE VR Artificial Intelligence Home Automation Self Driving Car Robot Vacuum 5G News IOT Samsung News VIEW MORE Samsung Pay Samsung Gear Samsung Tablets Samsung Phones Samsung Galaxy S8 Samsung Galaxy S7 Samsung Galaxy S6 Samsung Galaxy S5 Samsung Galaxy S4 Samsung Galaxy S3 Samsung Galaxy Note 3 News Samsung Galaxy Note 4 Samsung Galaxy Note 5 News Samsung Galaxy Note 8 News Samsung Galaxy S9 5G News Smart Home MWC Reviews Tech Deals More Shop Best Cell Phone Deals Advertise About Staff Privacy Policy Contact Reviews Giveaways News Tips Deals Join Our Team. UK Carriers Reveal Sony Xperia XZ2 Availability Details – MWC 2018. Sony Highlights Xperia XZ2 Selling Points On Video – MWC 2018. Huawei CEO: Only “Three To Four” Phone Vendors Can Survive – MWC 2018. Samsung Galaxy S9 & S9 Plus Pre-Bookings Now Open In India. Samsung Galaxy S9 Sensor May Come To Other Android Phones – MWC 2018. Hands-On With Lenovo’s Education-Focused Chromebooks – MWC 2018. Lenovo Showcases 100e, 300e & 500e Chromebooks – MWC 2018. Touchpad Pinch-To-Zoom Support Coming To All Chromebooks. YouTube’s Hollywood Investments To Stay Flat By 2020: Report. DeepMind & VA Team Up With Hopes Of Fighting Kidney Problems. Samsung Galaxy S9 Sensor May Come To Other Android Phones – MWC 2018. Qualcomm’s mmWave 5G Demo Achieves 1.4Gbps Download Speeds – MWC 2018. Samsung Chief Seeks “Complete Confidence” In Foldable Phones – MWC 2018. Micron Debuts New 3D NAND Memory Chips For Android Flagships – MWC 2018. Accelleran Announces New Small Cells, Other 5G Solutions – MWC 2018. Samsung Galaxy S9 & S9 Plus Pre-Bookings Now Open In India. Samsung Galaxy S9 Sensor May Come To Other Android Phones – MWC 2018. Samsung Chief Seeks “Complete Confidence” In Foldable Phones – MWC 2018. Samsung Galaxy S9 Music Playback Times Significantly Boosted – MWC 2018. Win A Samsung Galaxy S9 With AndroidHeadlines – International Giveaway. Best Fitness Trackers Buyers Guide – February 2018. Best $300 Rugged Phone Review – CAT vs Blackview. UK Carriers Reveal Sony Xperia XZ2 Availability Details – MWC 2018. Win A Samsung Galaxy S9 With AndroidHeadlines – International Giveaway. How To: Reinstall Pre-Redesign Snapchat App On Android. Best Portable Battery Packs For Huawei Mate 10 Pro – February 2018. Android News Close Android Android Auto Android India News Android News Android Pay Android Phones Best Android Phones Android Tablets Android TV NVIDIA SHIELD Android Updates Android Wear Amazon Close Amazon Amazon Alexa Amazon Kindle Apps Close Apps Android Developer Android Games App Reviews Best Apps & games Facebook Instagram Netflix Snapchat Spotify Twitter Uber Whatsapp Youtube ASUS Close ASUS Asus Phones Best Cell Phone Deals BlackBerry Close BlackBerry Blackberry Phones Carriers Close Carriers AT&T Sprint T-Mobile Verizon Chinese Smartphones Close Chinese Smartphones Bluboo Doogee Elephone Gionee Honor Leeco Oukitel Meizu Oppo UMIDIGI Gift Guide Giveaways Google Close Google Google News Google Apps Google Assistant Google Car Google Chrome Google Chromebook Google Chromecast Google Drive Google fi Google Hangouts Google Home Google Maps Google Nexus Google Photos Google Pixel Google Play Google Play Music Google Play Services Google Translate Google Voice HTC Close HTC HTC Phones Huawei Close Huawei Huawei Phones Lenovo Close Lenovo Lenovo Phones LG Close LG LG Phones LG Smartwatch LG Tablets Mobile Events Close Mobile Events Awards CES Google IO IFA Mobile World Congress Motorola Close Motorola Motorola Phones Motorola Smartwatches Nokia Close Nokia Nokia Phones Nokia 6 OnePlus Close OnePlus OnePlus Phones OnePlus One OnePlus 2 OnePlus X OnePlus 3 OnePlus 5 Phone Comparisons Reviews Samsung Close Samsung Samsung Pay Samsung Phones Samsung Galaxy Note 3 News Samsung Galaxy Note 4 Samsung Galaxy Note 5 News Samsung Galaxy Note 8 News Samsung Galaxy S3 Samsung Galaxy S4 Samsung Galaxy S5 Samsung Galaxy S6 Samsung Galaxy S7 Samsung Galaxy S8 Samsung Galaxy S9 News Samsung Gear Samsung Tablets Smartwatches Close Smartwatches Best Smartwatches Sony Close Sony Sony Phones Tech News Close Tech News 5G News Artificial Intelligence IOT Home Automation Self Driving Car Robot Vacuum VR Various Smartphones Close ZTE Blu Wearables Xiaomi Close Xiaomi Xiaomi Phones Special Features News Tips Contact Join Our Team. Android News Android Android Auto Android India News Android News Android Pay Android Phones Best Android Phones Android Tablets Android TV NVIDIA SHIELD Android Updates Android Wear Amazon Amazon Amazon Alexa Amazon Kindle Apps Apps Android Developer Android Games App Reviews Best Apps & games Facebook Instagram Netflix Snapchat Spotify Twitter Uber Whatsapp Youtube ASUS ASUS Asus Phones Best Cell Phone Deals BlackBerry BlackBerry Blackberry Phones Carriers Carriers AT&T Sprint T-Mobile Verizon Chinese Smartphones Chinese Smartphones Bluboo Doogee Elephone Gionee Honor Leeco Oukitel Meizu Oppo UMIDIGI Gift Guide Giveaways Google Google Google News Google Apps Google Assistant Google Car Google Chrome Google Chromebook Google Chromecast Google Drive Google fi Google Hangouts Google Home Google Maps Google Nexus Google Photos Google Pixel Google Play Google Play Music Google Play Services Google Translate Google Voice HTC HTC HTC Phones Huawei Huawei Huawei Phones Lenovo Lenovo Lenovo Phones LG LG LG Phones LG Smartwatch LG Tablets Mobile Events Mobile Events Awards CES Google IO IFA Mobile World Congress Motorola Motorola Motorola Phones Motorola Smartwatches Nokia Nokia Nokia Phones Nokia 6 OnePlus OnePlus OnePlus Phones OnePlus One OnePlus 2 OnePlus X OnePlus 3 OnePlus 5 Phone Comparisons Reviews Samsung Samsung Samsung Pay Samsung Phones Samsung Galaxy Note 3 News Samsung Galaxy Note 4 Samsung Galaxy Note 5 News Samsung Galaxy Note 8 News Samsung Galaxy S3 Samsung Galaxy S4 Samsung Galaxy S5 Samsung Galaxy S6 Samsung Galaxy S7 Samsung Galaxy S8 Samsung Galaxy S9 News Samsung Gear Samsung Tablets Smartwatches Smartwatches Best Smartwatches Sony Sony Sony Phones Tech News Tech News 5G News Artificial Intelligence IOT Home Automation Self Driving Car Robot Vacuum VR Various Smartphones ZTE Blu Wearables Xiaomi Xiaomi Xiaomi Phones Special Features News Tips Contact Join Our Team. Win A Samsung Galaxy S9 With AndroidHeadlines – International Giveaway Win A OnePlus 5T Bundle With OnePlus & AndroidHeadlines – International Giveaway. Deal: Amazon Fire TV Stick With Alexa Voice Remote For $30 – 02/25/18 Best Samsung Galaxy S9 & S9 Plus Accessories – February 2018 GearBest Deal: 6GB RAM Xiaomi Mi 6 For $379.99 W/Coupon GearBest Deal: 8GB RAM OnePlus 5T For $629.99 W/Coupon Electronics Deals – Feb. 23, 2018: Amazon, Dell, Google Pixel & More. UK Carriers Reveal Sony Xperia XZ2 Availability Details – MWC 2018 Sony Highlights Xperia XZ2 Selling Points On Video – MWC 2018 Huawei CEO: Only “Three To Four” Phone Vendors Can Survive – MWC 2018. Samsung Galaxy S9 & S9 Plus Pre-Bookings Now Open In India Samsung Galaxy S9 Sensor May Come To Other Android Phones – MWC 2018 Samsung Chief Seeks “Complete Confidence” In Foldable Phones – MWC 2018. Cubot X18 Plus Review – A Slim Budget Device That Performs Best $300 Rugged Phone Review – CAT vs Blackview Blackview BV9000 Pro Review – Rugged, Fast, Built to Last. Samsung Galaxy S9 Sensor May Come To Other Android Phones – MWC 2018 Qualcomm’s mmWave 5G Demo Achieves 1.4Gbps Download Speeds – MWC 2018 Samsung Chief Seeks “Complete Confidence” In Foldable Phones – MWC 2018. Best Portable Battery Packs For Huawei Mate 10 Pro – February 2018 Best Sony Xperia XZ1 Accessories – February 2018 Best Bluetooth Wireless Headphones – February 2018. Best Android Apps – February 2018 Best Android Apps — Language Learning — February 2018 Best Android Apps — Pets — February 2018 Best Android Apps — Valentine’s Day — February 2018. The Alcatel U5 Is A Fun & Affordable 4G Smartphone. February 26, 2017 - Written By John Anon. Alcatel has now introduced the Alcatel U5 and what Alcatel refers to as “ the most affordable 5″ 4G smartphone .” Needless to say, the two big selling points here, is that the Alcatel U5 comes with 4G LTE support and is priced super competitively. However, while this is an affordable smartphone, Alcatel has yet to provide from details on the price of the Alcatel U5, or when it will become available to buy in the US, or internationally.. The Alcatel U5 is certainly a budget smartphone and this can be seen with the display, as the Alcatel U5 comes loaded with a 5-inch FWVGA (480 x 854) screen. Inside, this is a smartphone that comes packing 1GB RAM and 8GB internal storage, while being powered by a MediaTek MT6737M quad-core processor (clocking at 1.1 GHz). In terms of the cameras, this is a smartphone that comes loaded with a 5-megapixel rear camera, as well as a 2-megapixel front-facing camera. Battery life comes courtesy of a 2,050 mAh capacity battery and additional features include the option to expand the storage (via microSD), and Android 6.0 (Marshmallow). Speaking of the software, the Alcatel U5 also comes with a few additional software tweaks for good measure. In particular, Alcatel has highlighted ‘Face Mask’ and ‘Face Show’ which are both designed to bring a bit more personalization to selfies taken with the U5.. Win A OnePlus 5T Bundle With OnePlus & AndroidHeadlines – International Giveaway/ Contest, Enter Today!. So while this is not a blazing fast or spec-heavy smartphone, it is not really meant to be. Instead, the Alcatel U5 is designed for those who are just looking for a nice smartphone that is simple to use. Alcatel’s Portfolio Management Director, William Dowie, summed up this point by stating that due to the U5’s “ ease of use and affordability ”, this is the sort of smartphone which will be ideal for a first-time buyer. As the U5 will offer those first-time smartphone adopters “ a snappy smartphone with some really fun camera experiences included .” For those who are not really interested in a an entry-level smartphone, Alcatel did also announce two other smartphones today. The Alcatel A3 which places a focus on security and the Alcatel A5 LED. which comes with an LED covered body.. Alcatel Intros The Affordable & Secure A3 Smartphone. Android News , Android Phones , Mobile World Congress , Various Smartphones. Samsung Announces AI, AR-Focused Galaxy S9 & S9 Plus – MWC 2.... MWC 2018’s most notable announcement has just taken place with Samsung hosting its event and introducing its latest flagship smartphone, the Samsung Galaxy S9. This is the first major smartphone to come through from Samsung in 2018 and akin to recent Galaxy S launches, Samsung has unveiled two models: the standard Galaxy S9 and the […]. Mobile World Congress 2018 Press Day Wrap Up: All You Need T.... Mobile World Congress 2018 officially starts tomorrow for when they open the show floor up to attendees at the conference center, but today was the press day full of conferences from some of the biggest manufacturers like Nokia and Samsung, with those two being the most notable. Nokia of course revealed some pretty big details […]. Speck Has Eight Cases For Samsung’s New Galaxy S9 Devices –.... Speck has now announced its own protective cases for the brand new Samsung Galaxy S9 and Galaxy S9 Plus, which were revealed today at MWC 2018 in Barcelona. There are 8 cases in total in the new lineup. Those range in price from around $39.95 to just shy of $60 and there are several designs […]. T-Mobile Left Customer Session Vulnerable Again In December. T-Mobile apparently suffered the effects of a previously unreported vulnerability several months ago which would have allowed hackers to log into the site as any one of the company’s subscribers. In fact, the bug was reportedly noted back on December 19 and, according to a statement released by the service provider, was fixed within hours […]. Video: Samsung Galaxy S9 and S9 Plus Hands On – MWC 2018. The Samsung Galaxy S9 and Galaxy S9 Plus are both finally official, and they bring lots of new stuff to the table. Spec wise both are running the latest Snapdragon 845 chipset in the US or the Exynos 9810 internationally, and both feature at least 64GB of internal storage with microSD card support. Win A Samsung Galaxy S9 With AndroidHeadlines – International Giveaway. Samsung Exec Quiet About Galaxy X, Reaffirms Bixby Speaker. Samsung’s Galaxy S9 and Galaxy S9 Plus launch appear to have gone off without a hitch but when asked about the company’s long-rumored folding smartphone – tentatively, the Galaxy X – the company is reportedly still not talking, according to CEO DJ Koh who responded to questions about the device during the launch at MWC […]. Vodafone UK Opens Galaxy S9 & Galaxy S9 Plus Pre-Orders – MW.... The newly unveiled Samsung Galaxy S9 and Galaxy S9 Plus are officially up for pre-order at a growing number of carriers and Vodafone in the UK is another provider which joins that list. Perhaps the most anticipated flagship to be shown at this year’s MWC 2018 event, the devices will be available in three distinct […]. Hands On With The Samsung Galaxy S9 Plus – MWC 2018. Along with the Galaxy S9, Samsung also debuted the Galaxy S9 Plus at Mobile World Congress today, in Barcelona. We got a change to experience it in their “Experience Zone” after the show, and it’s a mighty fine piece of hardware. It is actually a bit more different from its smaller brother this year, other […]. Deal: Amazon Fire TV Stick With Alexa Voice Remote For $30 –.... Amazon’ Fire TV Stick is one of the better media streaming devices if you want something that gives you access to just about all your favorite movies and TV shows, as it connects you to a world of content from popular services and lets you stream that content right on the TV or monitor that […]. EE Opens Samsung Galaxy S9 & S9 Plus UK Pre-Orders. EE has now confirmed it is already accepting pre-orders for the Samsung Galaxy S9 and S9 Plus in the UK. Along with that confirmation EE has provided basic pricing details which vary depending on the plan chosen. For example, those looking to take advantage of EE’s “Essential”plan (4GB data, unlimited talk and text) can pick […]. Mobile World Congress 2018 Press Day Wrap Up: All You Need To Know. Hands On With The Samsung Galaxy S9 – MWC 2018. Samsung just took the wraps off of two new smartphones, here at Mobile World Congress. Which include the Galaxy S9 and Galaxy S9 Plus. Surprisingly, there is a lot more in terms of differences this year, than just the screen sizes. The smaller, Galaxy S9, has just one camera on the backside. O2 Galaxy S9 & Galaxy S9 Plus Pre-Orders Go Live – MWC 2018.... O2 Galaxy S9 and Galaxy S9 Plus pre-orders have gone live, and are currently ready for those looking to place their orders as soon as possible. O2 says the pre-orders are available online but it doesn’t state that they’re not available in O2 retail stores, so anyone looking to place those orders in person may […]. Sprint Confirms March 16 Galaxy S9 & Galaxy S9 Plus Launch –.... Sprint is set to officially launch the Galaxy S9 on March 16 alongside the Galaxy S9 Plus, Samsung’s newest phones which it just unveiled today during Mobile World Congress at the Galaxy Unpacked press conference. The Galaxy S9 and Galaxy S9 Plus were originally thought to be coming to market as Samsung’s most expensive phones […]. Video: T-Mobile Unboxes Samsung Galaxy S9 On The “Moon”. T-Mobile Product Marketing official Desmond Smith is back with his series of extreme smartphone unboxing videos but is doing things a bit differently for Samsung’s Galaxy S9 and Galaxy S9 Plus. While the setting of his latest unboxing is still unconventional, it’s far less adrenaline-inducing than the environments featured in previous installments of his long-running […]. Samsung Galaxy S9 & S9 Plus Compatible With 2017 Gear VR – M.... Samsung held its MWC 2018 event today where the Galaxy S9 and S9 Plus were both formally announced. The event focused quite heavily on the camera features on offer with these phones, and at both the hardware and software levels. What was largely absent from the event, however, was any detailed talk on virtual reality […]. Video: Samsung Galaxy S9 and S9 Plus Hands On – MWC 2018. Best Samsung Galaxy S9 & S9 Plus Accessories – February 2018.... The Samsung Galaxy S9 and Galaxy S9 Plus are now official and available for pre-order. It’ll be arriving shortly, and now is the time to go ahead and pick up some accessories for your new smartphone. Whether that be a new case, a screen protector, maybe some headphones or even a car mount. Motorola’s New Ad Seems Like Subtle Dig At Competing OEMs. At just 16-seconds in length, Motorola’s latest brand advertisement appears to make no qualms about what the company sees as a common issue in the mobile industry. In fact, it could easily be seen as an indirect dig at some of the Lenovo-owned company’s larger competitors, such as Samsung or Apple. Samsung Outs SmartThings App For Galaxy S9 – MWC 2018. Major OEM Samsung is not only announcing the Galaxy S9 and Galaxy S9 Plus today, but also a new version of the dedicated SmartThings app that will release alongside the new flagships and allow them to act in full capacity as users’ IoT hubs. Along with being able to use all the features of the […]. Samsung Galaxy S9 Boasts ‘Refined’ Screen, ‘Cinematic’ Audio.... Samsung has revealed how its recently announced Galaxy S9 lineup improves upon the Infinity Display that debuted with last year’s Galaxy S8 series. The South Korean company’s latest flagships improve upon their predecessors in a number of areas, with the. camera and AI features being the main focus. Galaxy S9 Camera Features Better Slow-Mo, Bixby Integration. Samsung is kicking off its time at this year’s Mobile World Congress by outing the Galaxy S9 and Galaxy S9 Plus in a series of focused looks at different aspects of the phone, and the camera in particular brings a ton of new features and improvements, such as Super Slow-Mo and deeper integration with the […]. Hands On With The Samsung Galaxy S9 Plus – MWC 2018. Galaxy S9 Combines Iris & Face Scanning, Simplifies Security.... With Samsung’s Galaxy S9 and Galaxy S9 Plus now officially revealed at MWC 2018, the company has continued the rollout of related product information, specifically highlighting the security features of the two flagships. The firm has unsurprisingly continued to bolster and improve the implementation of its already well-known Knox feature for enterprise and personal users […]. Samsung Galaxy S9 Starts At $960 CAD Unlocked In Canada. The unlocked variant of the Galaxy S9 will start at $960 CAD in Canada, whereas the Galaxy S9 Plus will be priced at $1,100 CAD.. Consumers looking to acquire the new devices on a contract will be met with an upfront fee of $249 CAD for the Galaxy S9 and $379 CAD for the Galaxy […]. Galaxy S9 & Galaxy S9 Plus Come To Xfinity Mobile March 16 –.... The Samsung Galaxy S9 and Galaxy S9 Plus will come to Xfinity Mobile on March 16 just as with the other carriers in the U.S. and with Samsung’s own online store. Xfinity Mobile customers will be able to get up to $450 off the price of either phone when utilizing a coupe of promotions that […]. Samsung Shares Insights Into 9 New Galaxy S9 Features – MWC.... Tying in with its MWC 2018 reveal of the new Samsung Galaxy S9 and Galaxy S9 Plus, Samsung has now released a new set of hands-on videos showing off 9 of those flagships’ best features. Those, of course, include an overview of the overall design refinements made on top of the Galaxy S8 and Galaxy […]. Qualcomm Snapdragon 845 Powers Samsung Galaxy S9 US Models –.... Qualcomm’s Snapdragon 845 chip is set to power the U.S. variants of the Galaxy S9 and Galaxy S9 Plus, the chipmaker confirmed Sunday, shortly after Samsung officially announced its latest Android flagships. Gigabit LTE and UHD Premium video recording boasted by the newly unveiled devices are directly enabled by the Snapdragon 845, Qualcomm claims. Hands On With The Samsung Galaxy S9 – MWC 2018. AT&T To Launch Galaxy S9, Galaxy S9 Plus March 16 From $790.... AT&T is set to launch the Galaxy S9 and Galaxy S9 Plus on March 16 from $790, which will be the cost of the Galaxy S9, while the Galaxy S9 Plus will be quite a bit more for a retail cost of $915. As to exact pricing, AT&T will be offering both phones on the […]. Samsung Galaxy S9, S9 Plus US Availability & Pricing – MWC 2.... The Samsung Galaxy S9 and S9 Plus are now official having been introduced by Samsung today during the company’s MWC 2018 event. Along with the announcement, Samsung has provided some details regarding general – specific to US consumers – pricing and availability. For example, and while prices will vary somewhat if purchased through a carrier, […]. Galaxy S9 & Galaxy S9 Plus Come To Verizon March 16 – MWC 20.... The Samsung Galaxy S9 and Galaxy S9 Plus come to Verizon Wireless on March 16, which is just a few short weeks away. Samsung officially announced the two new phones, its latest flagships, at its Galaxy Unpacked press conference today during Mobile World Congress, showcasing the latest and greatest that it has to offer and […]. T-Mobile Galaxy S9 Hits March 16, Pre-Orders Start March 2 –.... T-Mobile’s Samsung Galaxy S9 and Galaxy S9 Plus will launch on March 16 with pre-orders beginning on march 2, following Samsung’s official announcement of the device today at its Galaxy Unpacked event during Mobile World Congress 2018. The carrier will sell three of the four colors that Samsung has produced including the Midnight Black, Coral […]. Samsung Galaxy S9 Boasts AR Emoji, Better Biometrics & More.... Samsung on Sunday officially announced the Galaxy S9 and Galaxy S9 Plus following months of anticipation and rumors, having revealed its most capable Android flagships to date. Beyond boasting about their raw processing power, the South Korean phone maker also spent a lot of time talking about various special features of its new series, and […]. Best Samsung Galaxy S9 & S9 Plus Accessories – February 2018. Galaxy S9 & S9 Plus Available Globally Starting March 16 – M.... Samsung had introduced its new flagship smartphones, the Galaxy S9 and Galaxy S9 Plus, earlier today, and along with the announcement itself, the company shared some availability info for the two phones. It was announced that the Galaxy S9 and Galaxy S9 Plus will go on sale on March 16 in ‘select markets’, while no […]. Samsung Galaxy S9 Camera Has Record-Wide & Variable Aperture.... Samsung on Sunday announced its latest Android flagships following much anticipation, having unveiled them in the form of the Galaxy S9 and Galaxy S9 Plus at the latest iteration of Mobile World Congress in Barcelona, Spain. While the smartphones are arguably offering incremental upgrades over their predecessors in most aspects, they are promising to deliver […]. Specs: Samsung Galaxy S9 Plus – MWC 2018. The Samsung Galaxy S9 and Galaxy S9 Plus were announced earlier today in Barcelona, we’ve already talked about both of those phones, and took a closer look at the Galaxy S9’s specs, so it’s time to do the same for the Galaxy S9 Plus. Before we start talking about specs, though, it’s worth noting that […]. Samsung Galaxy S9 Messages App Uses Tenor GIF Search Engine.... The default Samsung Messages app pre-installed on the newly announced Galaxy S9 and Galaxy S9 Plus will feature native support for GIF search engine Tenor, the two companies said Sunday. The same feature will also be distributed to other Samsung-made devices once it debuts on the Galaxy S9 lineup, with Tenor confirming the rollout will […]. Specs: Samsung Galaxy S9 – MWC 2018. Samsung introduced its new flagship smartphones today,. the Galaxy S9 and Galaxy S9 Plus, and despite the fact they look almost identical, they do ship with somewhat different spec sheets, so we’re here to take a closer look at what the Galaxy S9 has to offer in that regard. The Galaxy S9 and Galaxy S9 Plus […]. Samsung Galaxy S9, S9 Plus US Availability & Pricing – MWC 2018. Samsung Galaxy S9 Uses Galaxy S8 Battery More Efficiently –.... Samsung announced the latest additions to its Android flagship portfolio, having unveiled them in the form of the Galaxy S9 and Galaxy S9 Plus earlier today. The two devices sport the same Infinity Display AMOLED panels as their predecessors and are similar in terms of their overall physical footprint, thus also featuring Li-Ion batteries similar […]. Nokia Commits Most Future Smartphones To Android One – MWC 2.... Nokia is committing most future smartphones to Android One according to the company, which just announced the changes for its smartphone lineups going forward at Mobile World Congress 2018 during its press conference. Worth noting is that it will have some phones that will be part of the Android Go program as well, but save […]. Nokia 6 (2018) With Android One & Nokia 8110 4G Now Official.... HMD Global took to this year’s iteration of Mobile World Congress to announce five new devices, including a revised version of the Nokia 6 (2018) which originally launched in China early last month. The new model that’s now coming to the West is being released as part of Google’s Android One program meant to showcase […]. Nokia 8 Sirocco Android One Smartphone Announced With SD835.... HMD Global announced five smartphones during its MWC 2018 press conference, and one of those smartphones is the Nokia 8 Sirocco. This handset has been leaking for quite some time now, and the Nokia 8 Sirocco is actually both the most powerful and most expensive device HMD announced today. This is one of two Nokia-branded, […]. ZTE Showcases 5G Phone Prototype Supporting 1.2Gbps Speeds –.... ZTE arrived at the latest iteration of Mobile World Congress to announce a plethora of new products and showcase multiple hi-tech solutions, including its prototype of a 5G-ready smartphone. While the company already managed to break the gigabit mark last year, its latest invention supports download speeds of up to 1.2Gbps, with ZTE describing it […]. Galaxy S9 & S9 Plus Available Globally Starting March 16 – MWC 2018. Get your app reviewd by our editorial staff. Let us know your insider tip. 
Alcatel U5 Price in the Philippines and Specification. Alcatel U5 comes with a 5 inch screen, packing 1GB RAM and 8GB internal storage, runs on Android 6.0 (Marshmallow) and loaded with 5MP rear camera, as well as 2MP front camera.. 5.0 inches, FWVGA (854 x ... 4G (LTE), 2G, 3G, 8GB, 1GB ... * Prices updated on Feb 26, 2018. * The prices listed have been converted from USD to PHP based on exchange rates of Feb 23, 2018.. Fast 7 Express in 2-3 ... Fast 7 Express in 2-3 ... Apply now online for Home Credit Installments. Apply now online for Home Credit Installments. Please note that you have to be Filipino citizen, resident in Metro Manila. 18 – 68 year old and employed (at least 3 months), self-employed, businessman, pensioner or remittance beneficiary. Outside of Metro Manila we offer cash on delivery among many other payment options with free delivery nationwide!. Free shipping or from P55...., 5-10 business days for ... Free shipping or from P55...., 5-10 business days for ... Insurance is inclusive of ..., Your order will be ... Alcatel U5 Price in the Philippines Starts from P3,990. The lowest price of Alcatel U5 is P3,990 at Adobomall, which is 0% less than the cost of U5 at argomall, Lazada, memo express, Takatack and Adobomall (P3,999).. The latest price of Alcatel U5 was updated on Feb 26, 2018, 09:18.. Micro SIM, Dual SIM, Dual Standby. GSM 850 / 900 / 1800 / 1900. HSDPA 850 / 900 / 1900 / 2100. LTE band 1(2100), 3(1800), 7(2600), 8(900), 20(800). , Cat 4 (150Mbit/s DL, 50Mbit/s UL). 140.7 x 71.8 x 9.95 mm. User Review : 1 Reviews. Ang simpling alcatel phone na ito ay matagal na sa akin kasi naman kahit mukhag mura lang naman ito and portable ... Write a review on this product. Read more reviews on this product. Let's post your questions on this product. You might receive fruitful information from others.. 5 inches, FWVGA (854 x 480). 2G, 3G, 4G (LTE), 8GB, 1GB. 5.5 inches, 1080 x 1920 p... 2G, 3G, 4G (LTE), 16GB, 3... 4.0 inches, WVGA (800 x 480). 2G, 3G, 4G (LTE), 8GB, 1GB. Alcatel One Touch Pop 3 (5.5). Most viewed ranking for Alcatel Mobile Phones. View Mode: PC | Mobile. Please be aware that we cannot guarantee that all the information shown, such as prices, specs, images, etc. Prices and stock availability for each shop are always changing. If you are considering making a purchase, please refer to the merchant's page to ensure that you have the most up-to-date information. In order to use this website and its services, users must consent to and abide by the Terms of Use. By accessing or using any area of this website, you hereby agree to be legally bound and abide by the Terms.. Copyright © Priceprice.com All rights reserved. (Produced by kakaku.com that is Japan's No.1 Comparison Website). 
Home › Alcatel › U5 Alcatel U5 - Specifications. Most recent comparisons including Alcatel U5 List of the latest comparisons made by the website visitors, which include Alcatel U5 Last viewed devices List of mobile devices, whose specifications have been recently viewed.. Width Height Thickness Write a review. Specifications Display Camera CPU Battery SAR Prices 2. Dimensions : 71.8 x 140.7 x 9.95 mm SoC : MediaTek MT6737M CPU : ARM Cortex-A53, 1100 MHz, Cores : 4 GPU : ARM Mali-T720 MP1, 550 MHz, Cores : 1 RAM : 1 GB, 640 MHz Storage : 8 GB Memory cards : microSD, microSDHC, microSDXC Display : 5 in, IPS, 480 x 854 pixels, 24 bit Battery : 2050 mAh, Li-Polymer OS : Android 6.0 Marshmallow Camera : 2592 x 1944 pixels, 1280 x 720 pixels, 30 fps SIM card : Micro-SIM Wi-Fi : b, g, n, Wi-Fi Hotspot, Wi-Fi Direct USB : 2.0, Micro USB Bluetooth : 4.2 Positioning : GPS, A-GPS. Brand and model Information about the brand, model and model alias (if any) of a specific device. Brand Alcatel Model U5 Model alias 5044D 5044I 5044T 5044Y Design Information about the dimensions and weight of the device, shown in different measurement units. Width 71.8 mm (millimeters) 7.18 cm (centimeters) 0.24 ft (feet) 2.83 in (inches) Height 140.7 mm (millimeters) 14.07 cm (centimeters) 0.46 ft (feet) 5.54 in (inches) Thickness 9.95 mm (millimeters) 1 cm (centimeters) 0.03 ft (feet) 0.39 in (inches) Volume 100.52 cm³ (cubic centimeters) 6.1 in³ (cubic inches) Colors White Black Body materials Plastic SIM card The Subscriber Identity Module (SIM) is used in mobile devices for storing data authenticating the subscribers of mobile services. SIM card type Micro-SIM (3FF - third form factor, since 2003, 15.00 x 12.00 x 0.76 mm) Number of SIM cards 1 Features Dual SIM optional (A variant of the model with two SIM card slots is available) Networks A mobile (cellular) network is a radio system, which allows a large number of mobile devices to communicate with each other. GSM GSM 850 MHz GSM 900 MHz GSM 1800 MHz GSM 1900 MHz UMTS UMTS 850 MHz UMTS 900 MHz UMTS 1900 MHz UMTS 2100 MHz LTE LTE 800 MHz LTE 900 MHz LTE 1800 MHz LTE 2100 MHz LTE 2600 MHz Mobile network technologies and bandwidth Communication between devices within mobile networks is realized via various generations of network technologies, which provide different bandwidth. Mobile network technologies UMTS (384 kbit/s ) EDGE GPRS HSPA+ (HSUPA 5.76 Mbit/s , HSDPA 42 Mbit/s ) LTE Cat 4 (51.0 Mbit/s , 150.8 Mbit/s ) Operating system Operating system is the system software, which manages and controls the functioning of the hardware components of the device. Operating system (OS) Android 6.0 Marshmallow System on Chip (SoC) A system on a chip (SoC) includes into a single chip some of the main hardware components of the mobile device. SoC MediaTek MT6737M Process technology 28 nm (nanometers) CPU ARM Cortex-A53 CPU bits 64 bit Instruction set ARMv8-A Level 1 cache memory (L1) 32 KB + 32 KB (kilobytes) Level 2 cache memory (L2) 512 KB (kilobytes) 0.5 MB (megabytes) CPU cores 4 CPU frequency 1100 MHz (megahertz) GPU ARM Mali-T720 MP1 GPU cores 1 GPU frequency 550 MHz (megahertz) RAM capacity 1 GB (gigabytes) RAM type LPDDR3 RAM channels Single channel RAM frequency 640 MHz (megahertz) Storage Every mobile device has a built-in storage (internal memory) with a fixed capacity. Storage 8 GB (gigabytes) Memory cards Memory cards are used in mobile devices for expanding their external storage capacity. Types microSD microSDHC microSDXC Display The display of a mobile device is characterized by its technology, resolution, pixel density, diagonal length, color depth, etc. Type/technology IPS Diagonal size 5 in (inches) 127 mm (millimeters) 12.7 cm (centimeters) Width 2.45 in (inches) 62.23 mm (millimeters) 6.22 cm (centimeters) Height 4.36 in (inches) 110.71 mm (millimeters) 11.07 cm (centimeters) Aspect ratio 1.779:1 Resolution 480 x 854 pixels Pixel density 196 ppi (pixels per inch) 77 ppcm (pixels per centimeter) Color depth 24 bit 16777216 colors Display area 68.41 % (percent) Other features Capacitive Multi-touch Sensors Different sensors measure different physical quantities and convert them into signals recognizable by the mobile device. Sensors Proximity Light Accelerometer Primary camera The primary camera of the mobile device is usually placed at its back and is used for taking photos and recording videos. Sensor type CMOS (complementary metal-oxide semiconductor) Flash type LED Image resolution 2592 x 1944 pixels 5.04 MP (megapixels) Video resolution 1280 x 720 pixels 0.92 MP (megapixels) Video FPS 30 fps (frames per second) Features Autofocus Continuous shooting Digital zoom Geotagging Panorama HDR Touch focus Face detection White balance settings ISO settings Exposure compensation Self-timer Scene mode Secondary camera Secondary cameras are placed above the screen of the device and are usually used for video calls, gesture recognition, etc. Sensor type CMOS (complementary metal-oxide semiconductor) Flash type LED Image resolution 1600 x 1200 pixels 1.92 MP (megapixels) Video resolution 640 x 480 pixels 0.31 MP (megapixels) Video FPS 30 fps (frames per second) Audio Information about the type of speakers and the audio technologies supported by the device. Speaker Loudspeaker Earpiece Radio The radio in a mobile device is a built-in FM radio receiver. Radio Yes Tracking/Positioning Information about the positioning and navigation technologies supported by the device. Tracking/Positioning GPS A-GPS Wi-Fi Wi-Fi is a technology that provides wireless data connections between various devices within a short range. Wi-Fi 802.11b (IEEE 802.11b-1999) 802.11g (IEEE 802.11g-2003) 802.11n (IEEE 802.11n-2009) Wi-Fi Hotspot Wi-Fi Direct Bluetooth Bluetooth is a standard for secure wireless data transfer between different types of devices over short distances. Version 4.2 Features A2DP (Advanced Audio Distribution Profile) USB The Universal Serial Bus (USB) is an industry standard that allows different electronic devices to exchange data. Connector type Micro USB Version 2.0 Features Charging Mass storage Headphone jack The headphone jack is an audio phone connector, a.k.a. The most widely used one in mobile devices is the 3.5 mm headphone jack. Headphone jack Yes Connectivity Information about other important connectivity technologies supported by the devices. Connectivity Computer sync OTA sync Tethering Browser A web browser is a software application for accessing, fetching, displaying and navigating through information on the World Wide Web. Browser HTML HTML5 CSS 3 Audio file formats/codecs Mobile devices support various audio file formats and codecs, which respectively store and code/decode digital audio data. Audio file formats/codecs AAC (Advanced Audio Coding) AMR / AMR-NB / GSM-AMR (Adaptive Multi-Rate, .amr, .3ga) eAAC+ / aacPlus v2 / HE-AAC v2 FLAC (Free Lossless Audio Codec, .flac) MIDI MP3 (MPEG-2 Audio Layer II, .mp3) OGG (.ogg, .ogv, .oga, .ogx, .spx, .opus) WMA (Windows Media Audio, .wma) WAV (Waveform Audio File Format, .wav, .wave) Video file formats/codecs Mobile devices support various video file formats and codecs, which respectively store and code/decode digital video data. Video file formats/codecs 3GPP (3rd Generation Partnership Project, .3gp) AVI (Audio Video Interleaved, .avi) MP4 (MPEG-4 Part 14, .mp4, .m4a, .m4p, .m4b, .m4r, .m4v) Xvid Battery The batteries of mobile devices differ in capacity and technology. They provide the electrical charge needed for the functioning of the devices. Capacity 2050 mAh (milliampere-hours) Type Li-Polymer 2G talk time 10 h (hours) 600 min (minutes) 0.4 days 2G stand-by time 200 h (hours) 12000 min (minutes) 8.3 days 3G talk time 10 h (hours) 600 min (minutes) 0.4 days 3G stand-by time 200 h (hours) 12000 min (minutes) 8.3 days Features Removable Specific Absorption Rate (SAR) The SAR rating shows the amount of electromagnetic radiation absorbed by the human body when using a mobile device, expressed in W/kg. Head SAR (EU) 1.01 W/kg (watts per kilogram) Body SAR (EU) 1.56 W/kg (watts per kilogram) Additional features Some devices have additional features, different from the standard ones above, but equally important and worth mentioning. Additional features 5044D - SAR (Specific Absorption Rate) EU: head - 1.010 W/kg; body - 1.560 W/kg 5044I - SAR (Specific Absorption Rate) EU: head - 0.880 W/kg; body - 1.550 W/kg 5044T - SAR (Specific Absorption Rate) EU: head - 0.820 W/kg; body - 1.550 W/kg 5044Y - SAR (Specific Absorption Rate) EU: head - 0.990 W/kg; body - 1.500 W/kg. Brand name of the company that manufactures the device.. Аlternative names, under which the model is known.. the horizontal side of the device when it is used in its standard orientation.. the vertical side of the device when it is used in its standard orientation.. Information about the thickness/depth of the device in different measurement units.. Estimated volume of the device, calculated from the dimensions provided by the manufacturer. Applies for devices in the form of a rectangular parallelepiped.. Information about the colors, in which the device is available in the market.. Materials used in the fabrication of the device's body.. Information about the type and size (form factor) of the SIM card used in the device.. Information about the number of SIM cards, supported by the device.. Information about some specific features related to the SIM card(s) of the device.. GSM (Global System for Mobile Communications) was developed to replace the analog cellular network (1G), therefore it is referred to as a 2G mobile network. It has been improved with the addition of General Packet Radio Services (GPRS) and later via the Enhanced Data rates for GSM Evolution (EDGE) technology.. UMTS stands for Universal Mobile Telecommunications System. Based on the GSM standard, it is deemed as a 3G mobile network standard. It has been developed by the 3GPP and its major advantage is the provision of greater bandwidth and spectral efficiency, due to the W-CDMA technology.. LTE is deemed to be the fourth generation (4G) of mobile communications technology. It has been developed by the 3GPP based on the GSM/EDGE and UMTS/HSPA technologies in order to increase the speed and capacity of wireless data networks. A further development of the technology is called LTE Advanced.. There are several network technologies that enhance the performance of mobile networks mainly by increased data bandwidth. Information about the communication technologies supported by the device and their respective uplink and downlink bandwidth.. Information about the operating system used by the device as well as its version.. The SoC integrates different hardware components such as the CPU, GPU, memory, peripherals, interfaces, etc., as well as software for their functioning.. Information about the process technology used in manufacturing the chip. The value in nanometers represents half the distance between elements that make up the CPU.. CPU is the Central Processing Unit or the processor of a mobile device. Its main function is to interpret and execute instructions contained in software applications.. The CPU bits are determined by the bit-size of the processor registers, address buses and data buses. 64-bit CPUs provide better performance than 32-bit ones, which on their part perform better than 16-bit processors.. The instruction set architecture (ISA) is a set of commands used by the software to manage the CPU's work. Information about the set of instructions the processor can execute.. The cache memory is used by the processor in order to shorten the time needed to access data and instructions that a frequently used. The L1 (level 1) cache memory has a small volume, but operates faster than the RAM and the rest cache memory levels. If the processor does not find the data needed in L1, it continues to look for it in the L2 cache memory. In some processors the search in L1 and L2 is simultaneous.. The L2 (level 2) cache memory is slower than L1, but has a larger capacity, instead, which allows it to cache more data. Just like L1, it is much faster than the system memory (RAM). If the CPU does not find the data needed in L2, it proceeds to look for them in the L3 cache memory (if there is such) or in the RAM.. A CPU core is the processor unit, which executes software instructions. Presently, besides single-core processors, there are dual-core, quad-core, hexa-core and so on multi-core processors. They increase the performance of the device allowing the execution of multiple instructions in parallel.. The frequency of the processor describes its clock rate in cycles per second. It is measured in Megahertz (MHz) or Gigahertz (GHz).. GPU is a graphical processing unit, which handles computation for 2D/3D graphics applications. In mobile devices GPU is usually utilized by games, UI, video playback, etc. GPU can also perform computation in applications traditionally handled by the CPU.. Similar to the CPU, the GPU consists of processing units called cores. They handle the computation of graphics in various applications.. The frequency is the clock rate of the graphic processor (GPU), which is measured in Megahertz (MHz) or Gigahertz (GHz).. RAM (Random-Access Memory) is used by the operating system and all installed applications. Data in the RAM is lost after the device is turned off or restarted.. Information about the type of RAM used by the device.. Information about the number of RAM channels integrated in the SoC. More channels mean higher data transfer rates.. RAM frequency relates directly to the rate of reading/writing from/in the RAM memory.. Information about the capacity of the built-in storage of the device. Sometimes one and the same model may is offered in variants with different internal storage capacity.. The various types of memory cards are characterized by different sizes and capacity. Information about the supported types of memory cards.. One of the main characteristics of the display is its type/technology, on which depends its performance.. In mobile devices display size is represented by the length of its diagonal measured in inches.. The ratio between the long and the short side of the display. The display resolution shows the number of pixels on the horizontal and vertical side of the screen. The higher the resolution is, the greater the detail of the displayed content.. Information about the number of pixels per centimeter (ppcm) or per inch (ppi) of the display. The higher the pixel density, the more detailed and clearer is the information displayed on the screen.. The color depth of the display is also known as bit depth. It shows the number of bits used for the color components of one pixel. Information about the maximum number of colors the screen can display.. The estimated percentage of the screen area from the device's front area.. Information about other functions and features of the display.. Sensors vary in type and purpose. They increase the overall functionality of the device, in which they are integrated.. Digital cameras use image sensors for taking photos. The sensor characteristics are some of the main factors determining the quality of the camera integrated in the mobile device.. Cameras of mobile devices use mainly a LED or a Xenon flash. The LED flash has a softer burst of light and in contrast to the much brighter Xenon flash, is used for recording videos as well.. One of the main characteristics of the cameras of mobile devices is their resolution, which shows the number of pixels on the horizontal and vertical dimensions of the image.. Information about the maximum resolution available for shooting a video with the device.. Information about the maximum number of frames per second (fps), supported by the device while recording a video at maximum resolution. Some of the main standard frame rates for recording and playing video are 24p, 25p, 30p, 60p.. Information about additional software and hardware features of the privamery camera, which improve its overall performance.. Digital cameras use image sensors for taking photos. The sensor characteristics are some of the main factors determining the quality of the camera integrated in the mobile device.. Cameras of mobile devices use mainly a LED or a Xenon flash. The LED flash has a softer burst of light and in contrast to the much brighter Xenon flash, is used for recording videos as well.. Information about the maximum image resolution of the secondary camera. Often, the resolution of the secondary camera is lower than the one of the primary camera.. Information about the maximum resolution available for shooting a video by the secondary camera.. Information about the maximum number of frames per second (fps), supported by the secondary camera while recording a video at maximum resolution.. The loudspeaker is a device, which reproduces various sounds such as ring tones, alarms, music, voice calls, etc. Information about the type of speakers the device uses.. Information whether the device has an FM radio receiver or not.. The tracking/positioning service is provided by various satellite navigation systems, which track the autonomous geo-spatial positioning of the device that supports them. The most common satellite navigation systems are the GPS and the GLONASS. There are also non-satellite technologies for locating mobile devices such as the Enhanced Observed Time Difference, Enhanced 911, GSM Cell ID.. Wi-Fi communication between devices is realized via the IEEE 802.11 standards. Some devices have the possibility to serve as Wi-Fi Hotspots by providing internet access for other nearby devices. Wi-Fi Direct (Wi-Fi P2P) is another useful standard that allows devices to communicate with each other without the need for wireless access point (WAP).. The technology has several versions, which improve the connection speed, range, connectivity and discoverability of the devices. Information about the Bluetooth version of the device.. Bluetooth uses various profiles and protocols related to faster exchange of data, energy saving, better device discoverability, etc. Some of those supported by the device are listed here.. There are several USB connector types: the Standard one, the Mini and Micro connectors, On-The-Go connectors, etc. Type of the USB connector used by the device.. There are several versions of the Universal Serial Bus (USB) standard: USB 1.0 (1996), the USB 2.0 (2000), the USB 3.0 (2008), etc. With each following version the rate of data transfer is increased.. Тhe USB interface in mobile devices may be used for different purposes such as battery charging, using the device as a mass storage, host, etc.. Information whether the device is equipped with a 3.5 mm audio jack.. Information about some of the most widely used connectivity technologies supported by the device.. Information about some of the features and standards supported by the browser of the device.. List of some of the most common audio file formats and codecs supported standardly by the device.. List of some of the most common video file formats and codecs supported standardly by the device.. The capacity of a battery shows the maximum charge, which it can store, measured in mili-Ampere hours.. The battery type is determined by its structure and more specifically, by the chemicals used in it. There are different battery types and some of the most commonly used in mobile devices are the lithium-ion (Li-Ion) and the lithium-ion polymer battery (Li-Polymer).. 2G talk time is the time period a battery charge will last, if one is constantly talking on the phone in a 2G cellular network.. 2G stand-by time is the longest time a battery charge will last, if the device is not used but is constantly connected to the 2G cellular network.. 3G talk time is the time period a battery charge will last, if one is constantly talking on the phone in a 3G cellular network.. 3G stand-by time is the longest time a battery charge will last, if the device is not used but is constantly connected to the 3G mobile network.. Information about some additional features of the device's battery.. The SAR head rating shows the highest level of exposure to electromagnetic radiation measured when the device is held next to the ear in a talk position. In Europe, the SAR limit for hand-held mobile devices is set to 2 W/kg per 10 g of tissue. This standard is specified by the CENELEC, complies with the IEC standards and follows the ICNIRP Guidelines 1998.. This SAR rating shows the highest level of exposure to electromagnetic radiation measured when the device is placed at the hip level. The top SAR value for mobile devices used in Europe is limited to 2 W/kg per 10 g of tissue. This standard follows the ICNIRP Guidelines 1998 as well as the IEC standards and is determined by the CENELEC.. Information about other features of the device.. Provide information about, which of the published data you want to be edited as well as a reliable source, which confirms the accuracy of the information you suggest *. Enter the characters from the image: *. Dimensions : 71.8 x 140.7 x 9.95 mm SoC : MediaTek MT6737M CPU : ARM Cortex-A53, 1100 MHz, Cores : 4 GPU : ARM Mali-T720 MP1, 550 MHz RAM : 1 GB, 640 MHz Storage : 8 GB Display : 5 in, IPS, 480 x 854 pixels, 24 bit Battery : 2050 mAh, Li-Polymer OS : Android 6.0 Marshmallow Camera : 2592 x 1944 pixels, 1280 x 720 pixels, 30 fps. The information on this website is provided on "as is, as available basis" without warranty of any kind. DeviceSpecifications is not responsible for any omissions, inaccuracies or other errors in the information it publishes. All warranties with respect to this information are disclaimed. Reproduction of any part of this website in its entirety or partially or in any form or medium without prior written permission is prohibited. The trademarks, marques and logos of the manufacturers of devices, software, hardware, etc. are the property of their respective owners.. 
140.7 x 71.8 x 9.95 mm. Android OS v6.0 ( Marshmallow ). 5 MP 2592 x 1944 px autofocus. 850 / 900 / 1800 / 1900. DroidChart.com / Smartphones / Alcatel / Alcatel U5 (2017). 5 inches 480 x 854 px. The detailed specifications, photos and introductory video of the Alcatel U5 (U5). The list of the competitors most often compared to the Alcatel U5 smartphone.. The Alcatel U5 (U5) smartphone released in 2017. It is powered by Mediatek MT6737M chipset, 1 GB of RAM and 8 GB of internal storage.. The Alcatel U5 runs on Android OS v6.0 (Marshmallow) out of the box. It comes with a Li-Po 2050 mAh battery. It features a 5 inches IPS display with 480 x 854 px resolution. The IPS technology is one of the most leading LCD technologies in the world.. The Alcatel U5 runs on Android OS v6.0 (Marshmallow) out of the box, but the U5's firmware can be upgraded to a newer version of OS.. Screen size is measured in inches, diagonally from corner to corner. The 5 inches IPS capacitive touch screen with 480 x 854 px resolution is multitouch capable.. The smartphone's memory (1 GB) cannot be expanded, but the storage (8 GB) can be expanded with a microSD card.. The camera of the Alcatel U5 is equipped with autofocus. Autofocus is a camera feature that fine-tunes the focus of the camera, it is a nice feature of this smartphone.. U5 is 3G and 4G capable. This smartphone has a built-in GPS receiver. GPS is a satellite based navigation system that allows the determination of the exact geographical location on Earth. This Alcatel smartphone has FM radio receiver.. The Li-Po 2050 mAh battery gives the smartphone a good battery backup.. The smartphone sensors measure physical quantities and transmit them to the application processor. The phones's accelerometer is a built-in electronic component that measures tilt and motion. The proximity sensor detects when a user is holding the phone near their face during a call and turns off the display to prevent keypad presses and battery consumption from the display. The U5 has Dual SIM capability, which means that you can insert two different SIM cards and use them both from one phone.. Compare Alcatel U5 to other smartphones. The specifications above are based on the official data published by the manufacturer, but we also take user reviews into consideration. If you found an error or something lacking in the specifications above for the Alcatel U5, then don’t hesitate and signal the problem to us.. According to our statistics, the Alcatel U5 smartphone was most often compared on our site with the following smartphones.. Compare Alcatel U5 to other smartphones. If there’s information about the Alcatel U5 that you would like to see on this site, then write to our webmaster@droidchart.com address.. 
Our new search experience requires JavaScript to be enabled. Please enable JavaScript on your browser , then try again .. All Categories Antiques Art Baby Books Business & Industrial Cameras & Photo Cell Phones & Accessories Clothing, Shoes & Accessories Coins & Paper Money Collectibles Computers/Tablets & Networking Consumer Electronics Crafts Dolls & Bears DVDs & Movies eBay Motors Entertainment Memorabilia Gift Cards & Coupons Health & Beauty Home & Garden Jewelry & Watches Music Musical Instruments & Gear Pet Supplies Pottery & Glass Real Estate Specialty Services Sporting Goods Sports Mem, Cards & Fan Shop Stamps Tickets & Experiences Toys & Hobbies Travel Video Games & Consoles Everything Else. Hi ( Sign in to bid or buy) Daily Deals Gift Cards Help & Contact Sell. Summary Recently Viewed Bids/Offers Watch List Purchase History Selling Saved Searches Saved Sellers Messages. Refine your search for Alcatel U5. All Listings - Current page. Save Alcatel U5 to get e-mail alerts and updates on your eBay Feed.. Unfollow Alcatel U5 to stop getting updates on your eBay Feed.. You'll receive email and Feed alerts when new items arrive. Afghanistan - AFG Albania - ALB Algeria - DZA American Samoa - ASM Andorra - AND Angola - AGO Anguilla - AIA Antigua and Barbuda - ATG Argentina - ARG Armenia - ARM Aruba - ABW Australia - AUS Austria - AUT Azerbaijan Republic - AZE Bahamas - BHS Bahrain - BHR Bangladesh - BGD Barbados - BRB Belarus - BLR Belgium - BEL Belize - BLZ Benin - BEN Bermuda - BMU Bhutan - BTN Bolivia - BOL Bosnia and Herzegovina - BIH Botswana - BWA Brazil - BRA British Virgin Islands - VGB Brunei Darussalam - BRN Bulgaria - BGR Burkina Faso - BFA Burma - MMR Burundi - BDI Cambodia - KHM Cameroon - CMR Canada - CAN Cape Verde Islands - CPV Cayman Islands - CYM Central African Republic - CAF Chad - TCD Chile - CHL China - CHN Colombia - COL Comoros - COM Congo, Democratic Republic of the - COD Congo, Republic of the - COG Cook Islands - COK Costa Rica - CRI Cote d Ivoire (Ivory Coast) - CIV Croatia, Republic of - HRV Cyprus - CYP Czech Republic - CZE Denmark - DNK Djibouti - DJI Dominica - DMA Dominican Republic - DOM Ecuador - ECU Egypt - EGY El Salvador - SLV Equatorial Guinea - GNQ Eritrea - ERI Estonia - EST Ethiopia - ETH Falkland Islands (Islas Malvinas) - FLK Fiji - FJI Finland - FIN France - FRA French Guiana - GUF French Polynesia - PYF Gabon Republic - GAB Gambia - GMB Georgia - GEO Germany - DEU Ghana - GHA Gibraltar - GIB Greece - GRC Greenland - GRL Grenada - GRD Guadeloupe - GLP Guam - GUM Guatemala - GTM Guernsey - GGY Guinea - GIN Guinea-Bissau - GNB Guyana - GUY Haiti - HTI Honduras - HND Hong Kong - HKG Hungary - HUN Iceland - ISL India - IND Indonesia - IDN Ireland - IRL Israel - ISR Italy - ITA Jamaica - JAM Japan - JPN Jersey - JEY Jordan - JOR Kazakhstan - KAZ Kenya - KEN Kiribati - KIR Korea, South - KOR Kuwait - KWT Kyrgyzstan - KGZ Laos - LAO Latvia - LVA Lebanon - LBN Liechtenstein - LIE Lithuania - LTU Luxembourg - LUX Macau - MAC Macedonia - MKD Madagascar - MDG Malawi - MWI Malaysia - MYS Maldives - MDV Mali - MLI Malta - MLT Marshall Islands - MHL Martinique - MTQ Mauritania - MRT Mauritius - MUS Mayotte - MYT Mexico - MEX Micronesia - FSM Moldova - MDA Monaco - MCO Mongolia - MNG Montenegro - MNE Montserrat - MSR Morocco - MAR Mozambique - MOZ Namibia - NAM Nauru - NRU Nepal - NPL Netherlands - NLD Netherlands Antilles - ANT New Caledonia - NCL New Zealand - NZL Nicaragua - NIC Niger - NER Nigeria - NGA Niue - NIU Norway - NOR Oman - OMN Pakistan - PAK Palau - PLW Panama - PAN Papua New Guinea - PNG Paraguay - PRY Peru - PER Philippines - PHL Poland - POL Portugal - PRT Puerto Rico - PRI Qatar - QAT Reunion - REU Romania - ROU Russian Federation - RUS Rwanda - RWA Saint Helena - SHN Saint Kitts-Nevis - KNA Saint Lucia - LCA Saint Pierre and Miquelon - SPM Saint Vincent and the Grenadines - VCT San Marino - SMR Saudi Arabia - SAU Senegal - SEN Serbia - SRB Seychelles - SYC Sierra Leone - SLE Singapore - SGP Slovakia - SVK Slovenia - SVN Solomon Islands - SLB Somalia - SOM South Africa - ZAF Spain - ESP Sri Lanka - LKA Suriname - SUR Swaziland - SWZ Sweden - SWE Switzerland - CHE Taiwan - TWN Tajikistan - TJK Tanzania - TZA Thailand - THA Togo - TGO Tonga - TON Trinidad and Tobago - TTO Tunisia - TUN Turkey - TUR Turkmenistan - TKM Turks and Caicos Islands - TCA Tuvalu - TUV Uganda - UGA Ukraine - UKR United Arab Emirates - ARE United Kingdom - UK United States - USA Uruguay - URU Uzbekistan - UZB Vanuatu - VUT Vatican City State - VAT Venezuela - VEN Vietnam - VNM Virgin Islands (U.S) - VIR Wallis and Futuna - WLF Western Sahara - ESH Western Samoa - WSM Yemen - YEM Zambia - ZMB Zimbabwe - ZWE. Protector Soft Matte TPU Silicone Cases Cover For Alcatel U5 HD 5047D 5" Case. Rugged Hybrid Armor Shockproof Hard Case Stand Cover For Alcatel One Touch U5. For Alcatel U5 3G Soft Gel Case Cover Love Girl Blossom Mask Elephant Superman. For Alcatel U5 Kickstand Protect Case Hybrid Shockproof Dual Layer Hard Cover. TPU SILICONE CRYSTAL CASE FOR ALCATEL U5 (4G) SOFT COVER SILICON PROTECTION. Brushed Wire Cases For Alcatel A5 LED 5085D U5 5044D Soft TPU Protective Case. For Alcatel A3/A5/U5/Flash /Idol5s 2017 Phone Leather Wallet Pouch Bag Case Cover. For Alcatel One Touch U5 5044D 5" 4G Soft Case Cover Dog Snake Glass Cat Animal. Silicon Matte TPU Comfortable Protector Back Cover For Alcatel U5 3G 4047D 5". Tempered Glass Screen Protector Film For Alcatel A3 U5 Pop 4 4S Plus Pixi 4 5 6. For Alcatel U5 HD Soft Case Cover Batman Angry Eye Cat Tower Love Back Superman. Silicon Matte TPU Comfortable Protector Back Cover For Alcatel U5 4G OT5044D 5". For Alcatel U5 Kickstand Protect Case Hybrid Shockproof Dual Layer Hard Cover. For Alcatel U5 (2017) 4G Genuine Luxury Black Leather Wallet Phone Case Cover. Leather Wallet Flip Card Stand View Case Cover for Alcatel U5 4G Mobile Phone. For Alcatel One Touch U5 4G 5044 5.0" Halloween Soft TPU Case Cover Pumpkin Bat. For Alcatel U5 HD Luxury Litchi Card Wallet Flip PU Leather Cover Skin Case. CoverON for ALCATEL U5 Case Slim TPU Thin Lightweight Phone Cover. Flip Wallet PU Leather Case For Alcatel Cover Coque Phone Bag Cases Card Holders. Heavy Duty Shockproof Armor Kickstand For Alcatel One Touch U5 5044D Case Cover. Diamond Bling Case Cover PU Leather Flip Stand Case Carrying Bags for Alcatel. For Alcatel U5 Heavy Duty Shockproof Armor Hybrid Tough Silicone Case Cover. Shocksock Neoprene Pouch Soft Case For Alcatel Various Models. For ALCATEL U5 Case TPU Flexible Lightweight Thin Phone Cover. For Alcatel One Touch U5 5" 4G Heavy Duty Armor Hybrid Tough Silicone Case Cover. For Alcatel U5 HD TPU Matte Gel skin case cover. 3D 2-Layer Shock Skip Proof Grenade Rugged Impact Case For Alcatel Onetouch U5. Flip Exclusive PU Leather Stand Luxury Case Cover For Alcatel U5 HD Smartphone. For Alcatel series Hybrid Rugged Armor Shockproof Hard Case Kickstand Cover. For Alcatel U5 4G lite TPU Matte Gel skin case cover. PU Leather Wallet Card Slot Stand Cover Case For Alcatel U5 4G 5.0" Mobile Phone. Luxury Leather Wallet Cover Skin Book Flip Stand Case For Alcatel Series Phone. New Magnetic PU Leather Card Slot Wallet Stand Flip Pouch Cover Case Skin Black. For Alcatel U5 3G 4047X Flip Card Wallet PU Leather Case Stand Cover. Rugged Armor Hybrid Kickstand Protective Cover For Alcatel One Touch U5 5" Case. For Alcatel U5 A7 A5 Vintage PU Leather Wallet Flip Stand Card Slot Case Cover. Elastic Neoprene Protective Pouch Bag Sleeve Case Cover phone case For Alcatel. For Alcatel U5 HD Luxury Flip PU Leather Slim Wallet Magnetic Case Cover. 1x Cute Patterns Litchi Smooth Skin Vertical Flip Case Cover For Alcatel Phone. New Magnetic PU Leather Card Slot Wallet Stand Flip Pouch Cover Case Skin Brown. For Alcatel U5 4G Mobile Phone Leather Wallet Flip Book Stand View Case Cover. For Alcatel One Touch U5 5044D Case Slim Hard Armor Kickstand Shockproof Cover. Luxury Litchi Card Wallet Flip PU Leather Cover Skin Case For Alcatel U5 HD. WATERPROOF WALLET POUCH DRY BAG CASE FOR ALCATEL FLASH IDOL FIERCE 2 3 4 4S 5. For Alcatel series Hybrid Rugged Armor Shockproof Hard Case Kickstand Cover. PU Leather Wallet Stand Phone Case Cover For iPhone Samsung LG Alcatel Nokia 1+. 2017 PU Leather Wallet Card Slot Flip Stand Case Cover For Alcatel A3 XL U5 A30. CUTE FRUIT WATERPROOF POUCH BAG CASE FOR ALCATEL PIXI IDOL POP 3 4 4S 5S A3 A5. For Alcatel U5 Heavy Duty Shockproof Armor Hybrid Tough Silicone Case Cover. Luxury Bling Diamond Rhinestone tassel pendant Case Soft TPU Back Cover Skin #7. CUTE FRUIT WATERPROOF POUCH BAG CASE FOR ALCATEL PIXI IDOL POP 3 4 4S 5S A3 A5. Pixi 4 Pop 4 4+ 4s Idol 4 4s 5 A5 LED A3 A7 XL U5 etc. eBay determines this price through a machine learned model of the product's sale prices within the last 90 days.. eBay determines trending price through a machine learned model of the product’s sale prices within the last 90 days. "New" refers to a brand-new, unused, unopened, undamaged item, and "Used" refers to an item that has been used previously.. Top Rated Plus Sellers with highest buyer ratings Returns, money back Ships in a business day with tracking Learn More. Top Rated Plus Sellers with highest buyer ratings Returns, money back Ships in a business day with tracking Learn More. $ Enter minimum price to $ Enter maximum price. Please enter a minimum and/or maximum price before continuing.. Site Map Copyright © 1995-2018 eBay Inc. Accessibility , User Agreement , Privacy , Cookies and AdChoice Norton Secured - powered by Verisign. Amounts shown in italicized text are for items listed in currency other than U.S. dollars and are approximate conversions to U.S. dollars based upon Bloomberg's conversion rates. For more recent exchange rates, please use the Universal Currency Converter. Number of bids and bid amounts may be slightly out of date. See each listing for international shipping options and costs.. 
Compare Mobile Phone Contracts SIM-Only Deals PAYG Deals Reviews Network Reviews Mobile Phone Reviews Guides & Advice Get out of contract How much data do I need? 15 Ways to Lower Your Bill All Articles & Guides Discuss Q&A Forum. Mobile Mobile Phones Tablets e-Readers Bluetooth Headsets USB Car Chargers USB Charging Stations FM Transmitters Battery Packs Bluetooth Trackers AUDIO / VIDEO Airplay Speakers Bluetooth Speakers Smart Speakers Bluetooth Headphones Headphones Media Streamers. CAMERAS Action Cameras 360 Degree Cameras WEARABLES Smartwatches Fitness Trackers. Community Join (Free Membership) Login About Us Informr Score Newsletter. Alcatel released the U5 on May 16, 2017.. The U5 price will vary depending on retailer, age, special offers and whether or not it's purchased with a service plan. If purchased with a 2 year service contract for example, you would likely pay much less for the phone itself up front. You can compare Alcatel U5 prices from around the web here on The Informr.. Where can I download the U5 manual?. We've got you covered! Download a free PDF copy of the Alcatel U5 user manual here .. How long is the warranty period?. Alcatel backs up the U5 with a 1 Year parts & labour warranty.. Where can should I go for support, replacement or repairs?. If your U5 has problems and is still within its warranty period, you could contact Alcatel support or the retailer you purchased the phone from. You'll find Alcatel's contact information here. If your phone is off warranty and needs repair for a physical problem such as a broken screen or bad battery, you should visit an authorized service centre or a local phone repair shop. You can also connect with others in The Informr Community Forum to find and share answers to questions.. Maybe one of your friends will find this review helpful? Please help us spread the word.. The Alcatel U5's screen size is 5 inches with 480 x 854 pixels resolution.. There is a MediaTek MT6737M Quad core 1.1 GHz processor (CPU).. The phone runs on the Android 6.0 Marshmallow operating system (OS).. You can take photos with the phone's onboard 5+ megapixel camera.. There is also a secondary front facing camera with 2+ megapixels resolution.. An external, MicroSD, MicroSDHC (up to 32 GB) expansion slot is available for increased storage capacity.. The phone is powered by a Lithium Polymer (Li-Pol), 2050 mAh battery. Alcatel 's performance ratings are 1 minutes.. MediaTek MT6737M Quad core 1.1 GHz. Head: 0.99 W/kg Body: 1.5 W/kg. Dimensions [H x W x D]. 14.1 x 7.2 x 1 cm (5.6 x 2.8 x 0.4 in). Ambient Light, Proximity, Motion / Accelerometer. MicroSD, MicroSDHC (up to 32 GB). Effects, Image stabilization, Multi-shot, Self-timer, Time lapse mode. 3GP / 3GPP, H.264 / AVC, MPEG-4, WMV. AAC, AAC+, eAAC+, MIDI, MP3, MP4, M4A, WMA, WAV. 3GP / 3GPP, H.264 / AVC, MPEG-4, WMV. Other Names (AKA): Alcatel U50, Verso. Manual (PDF) Where to buy Alcatel U5. GSM: 850/900/1800/1900 MHz. UMTS: 850/900/1900/2100 MHz. LTE: 2100/800/900/1800 /2600 MHz Data: GPRS, EDGE, HSUPA, HSPA+, LTE. Help inform others by sharing your experience with Alcatel U5. Darn, there are no reviews yet for. Be the first to write a review .. Alcatel U5, A3 and A5 First Impressions. Alcatel U5 4G/LTE - Unboxing [4K]. Alcatel U5 - Full Specifications, Features, Price, Specs and Reviews 2017 Update Video. alcatel U5 Official Specs, Features And CAMERA. Alcatel U5 Hands-On @MWC 2017 (Greek). Mobile Phone Reviews Compare Mobile Deals. About Us Contact Advertise Privacy Terms. We want you to know that The Informr is an independent resource. you with the most accurate information and keep things up to date, prices and terms of products. We encourage you to always do your own research and double check the. Using the information on this site is at your own risk and without warranty.. You should also know that in some cases, we may receive compensation when you click on links or. purchase through links on this site. This is at no extra cost to you. business and keep the service free for everyone. By using this site, you agree to our use of cookies.. Read more or click anywhere on this bar to close it .. 
Call FREE 0800 049 6250. All pay as you go phones. SIM free phones with SIM offers. The following items have been added to the basket:. By using this site, you agree we can set and use cookies.. For more details about cookies and how to disable them,. To view this video, please install the latest version of Adobe Flash Player.. Enter place or postcode to view stock in store. UH OH ! We're sorry, We are unable to find stores for your postcode.. Looking for Pay as you go. Now £49.99 + £10 top-up. The Alcatel U5 4G is a low-cost, straightforward smartphone, featuring a front-facing camera with its own LED flash for super selfies.. “If you’re looking for a great smartphone experience on a budget, check out the U5 4G from Alcatel.”. Find out about the Alcatel U5’s build. The Alcatel U5 features a soft textured cover that wraps around the rear of the phone. And the 5-inch display will give you loads of room to enjoy all your favourite apps and games.. Discover the Alcatel U5’s two lenses. Up your selfie game with the Alcatel U5’s front-facing camera and its dedicated LED flash – ready for photos of you and your mates, day or night. And, add live filters to your shots with the creative Face Mask tool.. What makes the Alcatel U5 work?. On the inside, the U5 has a 1.1GHz quad-core processor backed up by 1GB RAM. You’ll have no trouble using apps and watching videos online with all this power. And you’ll be able to stay powered up all day with the 2,050mAh battery cell.. 140.7 x 71.8 x 10 mm. Alcatel U5 4G is rated. Rated 1 out of. Bought phone on 3 network PAYG, 8GB memory, can't even handle Facebook, Twitter & Whatsapp together. If you find cheper deal than ours,We'll match it and pay your first monthly bill.. If you find better trade in price when getting any new smartphones, we will bring it and give you. We offer FREE next day delivery with a 1 hour timeslot,so you wont wait in all day.. Pin Point will help you compare your needs to 1000s deal to find the one that right for you.. We have the widest range of networks on the high streets so you can compare more deals. Your default store Remove. terms and condition for notify me goes here e.g Your email will. only be used to stiffly you when the product is back in stock.. If you find cheper deal than ours,We'll match it. and pay your first monthly bill.. If you find better trade in price when getting any new. smartphones, we will bring it and give you � 20. We offer FREE next day delivery with a 1 hour. timeslot,so you wont wait in all day.. Pin Point will help you compare your needs to. 1000s deal to find the one that right for you.. We have the widest range of networks on the high. streets so you can compare more deals. Monday - Friday: 8am - 10pm. The Carphone Warehouse Ltd is authorised and regulated by the Financial Conduct Authority. Registered Office: 1 Portal Way, London W3 6RS, Registered in England No. 
Select the department you want to search in. Sign in Your Account Try Prime Your Lists Basket. Your Amazon.co.uk Today's Deals Gift Cards & Top Up Sell Help. Amazon.co.uk Today's Deals Warehouse Deals Outlet Subscribe & Save Vouchers Amazon Family Amazon Prime Amazon Pantry Prime Video Prime Student Mobile Apps Amazon Pickup Locations Amazon Assistant. 1-16 of 77 results for "Alcatel U5". See all results for Alcatel U5 .. ALCATEL U5 3G UK SIM-Free Smartphone - Black/Blue. Alcatel U5 Tempered Glass Screen Protector (Only For This Phone). by For Unbranded Alcatel U5. Product Features Alcatel U5 Tempered Glass Screen Protector (((PHONE NOT INCLUDED))). Alcatel U5 Black Wallet Book Flip Case Cover. by For Unbranded Alcatel U5. super wallet flip designed Alcatel U5 case cover will protect and .... For Alcatel U5 (5044D, 5.0'') 2017 Mobile Tempered Glass Screen Protector 9H Guard Film 2.5 mm. Alcatel U5 8GB SIM Free UK Smartphone Mobile - Volcanic Black with Cocoa Grey. Alcatel U5 4G Case, HualuBro [Kickstand] [All Around Protection] Premium PU Leather Wallet Flip Phone Protective Case Cover with Card Slot and Magnetic Closure for Alcatel U5 4G Smartphone (Black). For every 3 items purchased, 15% off 3 and 1 more promotion. For every 2 items purchased, 10% off 2 See Details. Alcatel U5 4G Mobile Phone - Black. Unlocked Alcatel U5 HD (4G/LTE smartphone with HD screen, long lasting 2050mah battery & 13mp camera). Only 9 left in stock - order soon.. Official Alcatel Gel Case for Alcatel U5 3G Smartphone - Clear. Alcatel U5 4g Case,Printed Pattern Wallet Case Blue Butterfly PU Leather with Shock-absorption TPU Inner Cover Card Slots & Stand Function with Magnetic Closure (Alcatel U5 4g). Alcatel U5 4g (5.0) - By Gr8value New Printed Butterfly Design Make .... SLEO Case for Alcatel U5 3G Case - SLEO Protective PU Leather Wallet Flip Magnetic Cover Case for Alcatel U5 3G with Card Slots and Build-in Stand - Black. £1.00 off purchase of £10.00 See Details. ALCATEL U5 Case,Mama Mouth Shockproof Heavy Duty Combo Hybrid Rugged Dual Layer Grip Cover with Kickstand For ALCATEL U5 (4G) 5044D Smartphone (With 4 in 1 Free Gift Packaged),Orange. SLEO ALCATEL U5 (4G) 5044D Case - SLEO Luxury Slim PU Leather Flip Protective Magnetic Wallet Cover Case for ALCATEL U5 (4G) 5044D with Card Slot and Stand Feature - Black. £2.00 off purchase of 3 items See Details. Alcatel U5 Case Black Matte Wallet Magnetic Closure Stand Phone Flip Cover For Alcatel U5 With Two Gifts. [8-Pack] Alcatel U5 Screen Protector, J&D Premium HD Clear Film Shield Screen Protector for Alcatel U5. Promotion Available See Details. Alcatel U5 (5") 4g Premium Leather Wallet case Cover Leather Wallet Flip Cover with magnetic clasp for Alcatel U5 Smart Phone (Black). 4 Stars & Up & Up. 3 Stars & Up & Up. 2 Stars & Up & Up. 1 Star & Up & Up. Prime members enjoy fast & free shipping, unlimited streaming of movies and TV shows with Prime Video and many more exclusive benefits.. There's a problem loading this menu at the moment.. Careers About Us UK Modern Slavery Statement Sell on Amazon Sell on Amazon Business Associates Programme Fulfilment by Amazon Advertise Your Products Independently Publish with Us Amazon Pay Become an Amazon Vendor › See all Amazon Platinum Mastercard Amazon Classic Mastercard Amazon Money Store Gift Cards Amazon Currency Converter Payment Methods Help Shop with Points Top Up Your Account Track Packages or View Orders Delivery Rates & Policies Amazon Prime Returns & Replacements Manage Your Content and Devices Amazon Mobile App Amazon Assistant Help. Australia Brazil Canada China France Germany India Italy Japan Mexico Netherlands Spain United States. Amazon Music Stream millions of songs. AbeBooks Books, art & collectables. ACX Audiobook Publishing Made Easy. Amazon Web Services Scalable Cloud Computing Services. Audible Download Audio Books. Book Depository Books With Free Delivery Worldwide. DPReview Digital Photography. Goodreads Book reviews & recommendations. IMDb Movies, TV & Celebrities. Junglee.com Shop Online in India. Kindle Direct Publishing Indie Digital Publishing Made Easy. Prime Now 2-Hour Delivery on Everyday Essentials. Shopbop Designer Fashion Brands. Yoyo.com A Happy Place To Shop For Toys. Souq.com Shop Online in the Middle East. Warehouse Deals Deep Discounts Open-Box Products. Amazon Business Service for business customers. Whole Foods Market We Believe in Real Food. Conditions of Use & Sale Privacy Notice Cookies & Internet Advertising © 1996-2018, Amazon.com, Inc. 
Ver todos los videos en YouTube. El Alcatel U5 es un nuevo smartphone Android de Alcatel con características de gama baja. El U5 cuenta con una pantalla FWVGA de 5 pulgadas, cámara de 5 megapixels, procesador quad-core a 1.1GHz, radio y batería de 2050 mAh. Android 6.0 es el sistema operativo del Alcatel U5. , que en cuanto a dimensiones tiene un perfil de 10 mm. En cuanto a sus características técnicas , el Alcatel U5 tiene una pantalla de 5" con una resolución de 480 x 854 pixels.. Dentro del Alcatel U5 encontramos un procesador MediaTek MT6737M 1.1GHz, acompañado de 1GB de memoria RAM.. También cuenta con 8GB de almacenamiento. y la memoria interna puede ser ampliada vía microSD. La cámara trasera del Alcatel U5 tiene una resolución de 5 MP. , y la energía es provista por una batería de 2050 mAh. .El Alcatel U5 también tiene Radio FM. Pantalla 5", 480 x 854 pixels Procesador MediaTek MT6737M 1.1GHz 1GB RAM. 8GB, microSD Cámara: 5 MP. OS: Android 6.0 Perfil: 10 mm Peso: -. Reviews de usuarios del Alcatel U5. No hay experiencias de usuarios del Alcatel U5. Conectividad 4G LTE Flash LED frontal. Cámara de baja resolución (5MP) Almacenamiento interno limitado (8GB) Baja densidad de pixels (196ppi). GSM 850 / 900 / 1800 / 1900 (SIM 1 & SIM 2) - HSDPA 850 / 900 / 1900 / 2100 - LTE 1(2100), 3(1800), 7(2600), 8(900), 20(800). 140.7 x 71.8 x 10 mm. LCD IPS touchscreen capacitivo, 16M colores. 480 x 854 pixels, 5.0 pulgadas. - Sensor acelerómetro para auto rotación. - Sensor de proximidad para auto apagado. - Conector de audio 3.5 mm. Entradas y campos prácticamente ilimitados, Foto de llamada. - 8GB almacenamiento interno, 1GB RAM. - Procesador Mediatek MT6737M quad-core 1.1GHz, GPU Mali-T720MP2. SMS, MMS, Email, Push Mail, IM. 5 MP, flash LED, detección de rostro y sonrisa, HDR, geo-tagging, video 720p@30fps, cámara frontal 2 MP, flash LED. - 3G HSDPA 42Mbps / HSUPA 5.76Mbps. - Wi-Fi 802.11 b/g/n; Wi-Fi Direct. - Radio FM con RDS. Hay 3 opiniones del Alcatel U5 .. el problema es que un tecnico me dice que es el modulo y otro solo el display. casi sale como un telefono nuevo! que recomiendan.. hola, tengo un alcatel u5 nuevo el cual viene con los siguientes problemas:. no es problema de que la bateria este mal conectada o que el cargador este en malas condicion, ya me fije. 2) no me permite realizar descargas en la play store desde el telefono. inclusive despues de borrar el cache de la play store, del telefono en si y tambien de restablecer los datos de fabrica el problema no se solucion.. ¿que hago para que deje de reiniciarse solo?. ¿como arreglo el problema antes planteado con la playstore?. Ver todas las Opiniones del Alcatel U5 - Total de opiniones de usuarios: 3. Tu experiencia o preguntas sobre el Alcatel U5. - Sé preciso en la pregunta sobre el Alcatel U5. - Cuenta tus experiencias positivas y negativas. - No insultes, ni uses palabras groseras, si es así probablemente tu opinión se elimine. - Recuerda que smartGSM NO vende móviles ni celulares. Tu opinión vale! Recomienda (o no!) al Alcatel U5 a otros usuarios. Alcatel Idol 4S con Windows 10. Sony presenta dos nuevos flagships con nuevo lenguaje de diseño: los esperados Sony Xperia XZ2 y Xperia XZ2 Compact. Una alternativa más confiable para desbloquear la pantalla del Samsung Galaxy S9/S9+: Intelligent Scan. Dos propuestas de mediana a baja gama de ZTE: Blade V9 y Blade V9 VITA, dos modelos con ligeras diferencias. Podría ocurrir que se repitan en otro lado, pero las cámaras del Samsung Galaxy S9/S9+ son algo único. Presentación oficial: el Samsung Galaxy S9/S9+ no viene con muchas sorpresas, pero igualmente deslumbra. SmartGSM es una de las comunidades de habla hispana más grandes sobre teléfonos celulares. Fundado en el 2004, smartGSM cubre todas las noticias y novedades sobre telefonía móvil y provee características de teléfonos celulares, smartphones, tablets y wearables. smartGSM cuenta con una comunidad de usuarios que reflejan sus experiencias, opiniones y críticas sobre teléfonos celulares y tablets.. Las especificaciones de los celulares son a título informativo y pueden variar. smartGSM no se responsabiliza del uso de las mismas.. Copyright © 2004 - 2018 smart-gsm.com. 
Pdevice.com: Review, Specification, Price, Compare, Tech News & Details of Mobile Phone and Electronics Gadget Online. How to check that all the Device Drivers are installed properly…. How to select your Mouse Primary Button Left or Right in…. How to Managed Bluetooth Device (Turned on and Off) on Your…. How to Uninstall, Installed Driver from Windows 10 PC using Device…. Processor (Clock) : Quad-Core 1.1 GHz ARM Cortex-A53. Memory : 1GB, 640 MHz. Screen (Size & Type) : 5.0 inches FWVGA display. Camera Overview : 5 Megapixels / 2 Megapixels. OS Version : Android 6.0 Marshmallow. The product overall rating and highlights is based on review by our technical experts. All ratings have been selected out of 10.. Body & Design (look and feel). CPU – Quad-Core 1.1 GHz ARM Cortex-A53. GPU – ARM Mali-T720 MP2, 500 MHz, 2-Cores. Camera -5 Megapixels with LED and AF Rear Camera | 2 Megapixel Front camera. Memory – RAM- 1GB | ROM 8GB External Memory Supports Up to 32GB. Display – Screen size 5.0 inches FWVGA Display (480×854 Pixels). Battery – Removable 2,050 mAh Lithium-Polymer. SIM – Dual SIM (Micro + Micro). Sensors -Proximity Sensor, Accelerometer, Ambient Light. Operating System – Android 6.0 Marshmallow. I/O Interface – Micro USB v2.0 Port, 3.5mm Audio Out Port, Microphone, Speaker. Dimensions – 140.7 x 71.8 x 9.95 mm. More Feature – Plastic Body Design, LTE Cat 4 150 Mbps Download, 50 Mbps Upload, HSUPA 5.76 Mbps Upload, HSDPA 42 Mbps Download, Computer Sync, OTA Sync, Tethering, Smart Screenshot, Power Saving Mode, Phone Guard, Rounded Edges.. Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window). Each device built on different configuration and platform or operating so here we have divided the devices on their operating system such as Android, Windows, iOS etc. Device brand including their model number,. The initial public announcement by a company or brand for its upcoming gadgets or device with few or full information till its release date.. The release date is the date in which a release was made available through some sort of distribution mechanism. For example, this may be via a online or offline retail store, being published as a available to sale on a website or distributed to industry insiders. the device is available in the market, upcoming device or the company or brand have close the productivity of gadgets. Design Type is a combination of smartphone's size, style, dimensions, weight, color, layout. Mainly there are three types of form factors seen in mobile phones and other computing devices such as bar phones, folding phones, and sliding phones. height, width, and length of the computing device measures in mm, cm. 140.7 x 71.8 x 9.95 mm. Display Technology => There are number of display technology available for computing devices such as TFT (Thin Film Transistor), IPS (In-Place Switching), OLED (Organic Light Emitting Diode), AMOLED (Active-Matrix Organic Light-Emitting Diode), Super AMOLED (an advanced version of AMOLED) and there are two types of touchscreen displays Resistive Touchscreen (Resistive touchscreens not only works with human skin but also with stylus pen) and Capacitive Touchscreen (only work with human skin). Display size of each computing device is measured diagonally in inches, cm, or mm. Display Colors refer to the number of different shades of colors that the device screen is capable of displaying mostly there is three display color - 64K colors, 256K colors and 16 million colors used and 16M is the highest available range of colors and better than others.16M display color used in more advanced computing device such as Smartphone , Tablet or Gaming console while the 256K or 64K colors are used for basic handset and entry level computing devices.. Information about the number of pixels per inch of the device screen. The higher the pixels density of any device, the more detailed and clearer content (Image, Video,Graphics, etc) will be shown on the display. Display Protection => is must have feature for all computing device, especially in Smartphone segment there is different-different technology for protecting the display from scratches, drops, water, dust, and bumps of everyday use.Most common display protection technology are corning gorilla glass, Tempered glass, Scratch resistant glass, Full lamination technology, OGS, and More. So whenever you buy a new device you should always consider the smartphone having display protection feature.. Display supports various kind of features such as Contrast ratio, NTSC, 2.5D curved glass, OLED, AMOLED and more features. Some device comes with second display feature along with primary display, usually found in mobile phone. Screen to Body Ratio shows the total number of area covered by the gadget display, if the % is higher it's good for users.. 480x854 Pixels, 24 bit color depth. Supported Camera Type in the device, dual or single camera. Primary Camera is usually placed on the back side of Smartphone to capture photos and videos. The main attribute of camera are the resolution (measured in Megapixels), lens focus type (automatic or manual). High megapixels mobile can take higher quality pictures and videos but it does not always the quality parameter as there are other factors also responsible for high-quality picture so we can't predict the camera quality by just looking at its megapixels. Good Camera plays important role for any Gadgets it comes with many features such as Autofocus, Continuous shooting, Digital image stabilization, Digital zoom, Face detection, Geotagging, HDR ISO settings, Panorama, Scene mode, Self-timer, Touch focus, White balance settings, PDAF etc. Flash Light => Flashlight are very important in camera for enhancing the picture quality in low-light condition.LED Flash and Xenon Flash are two most common flashlights are used in mobile phones.LED flashlight provides lower power consumption with drive circuitry which takes up little room and can be strobed faster than any other light Source while the Xenon Flash offers an extremely intense full-spectrum white light for a very short duration. secondary camera or front camera in the device like selfies camera in Smartphone, the user can click his own photo using this camera. Dual Camera Set UP (One Front + One Back). Chipset is the main part of any computing device such as Mobile, Laptop, Smartwatch, Camera, Tablet etc each one runs on a chipset or SoC which includes CPU, GPU, and Cache memory.Chipset is integrated circuit designed to perform some specific task and popular devices come with more advanced chipset which can perform many different tasks according to their design and programming capabilities. CPU Central Processing Unit or processors,its main function is to interpret and execute instructions in the computing device .Mostly we measure CPU capacity in GHz or MHz with the number of the core such as 2-core, 4-core, 8-core, 10-core etc.Always look for high-power processor first whenever you will purchase a new device. Number of Cores for processor on the device. GPU Stands for Graphics Processing Unit is a single-chip processor designed to rapidly rapid mathematical calculations, primarily for the purpose of rendering images, This includes things such as lighting effects, object transformations, and 3D motion and it is also responsible for high-performance gaming graphics a good GPU always have such kind of power to control the gaming graphics.The common GPU for mobile devices are Qualcomm Adreno, Intel HD graphics, PowerVR, ARM-Mlai etc. RAM (Random Access Memory) is a type of computer memory that can be accessed randomly, and used by Operating system and installed application in the computing device data in the RAM temporarily stored means it will be lost whenever the device is turn off or restarted. Internal Storage also known as secondary memory or ROM is a data storage space (flash memory) mostly used in smartphones, tablets and other electronic devices where operating system, apps, music, photos, videos, files and other content stored.There two types of internal memory expansion expandable and non-expandable. Cache Memory is also known as CPU memory having large cache memory improve the performance of the device.Cache memory is categorized as levels such as Level 1 (L1) cache, Level 2 (L2) cache, and Level 3 (L3) cache. Memory Speed measured in MHz or GHz. External Memory Card Slot is a special slot for inserting a memory card. Memory cards allow you to expand the phone's internal storage, A memory card is a small storage memory used to store content such as text, pictures, audio, and video, for use on small, portable or remote computing devices such as mobile phones, mp3 players, digital cameras. Sensors are electronic components which increased the functionality of any computing device in which they are embedded sensors detects and responds to some type of input from the physical environment. ARM Mali-T720 MP2, 500 MHz, 2-Cores. 32 KB + 32 KB (L1), 512 KB (L2). Yes Support External Memory Up to 32GB. Each mobile device works on the wireless network and these networks are divided into different category such as 2G, 3G, 4G further they are subdivided into the category like GSM, UMTS, LTE on different bands. 2G stands for the second-generation wireless telephone network.It works on Standard like GSM, D-AMPS, PDC.2G Networks supports Digital voice services and slow data transmission (2.5G (GPRS) or 2.75G (EDGE) ) but these networks are faster than analog (1G) systems. 3G stands for the third generation wireless telephone network in compare of 2G it supports faster data speed, always-on data access, better voice transmission capacity.UMTS,WCDMA, Ev-Do are the main standard of 3G technology. 4G stands for the fourth generation of wireless telephone network it is more efficient and faster in terms of data rate, voice transmission and it is very different technology in compare of 3G.The most common standard are LTE (Long Term Evolution) and Mobile WiMAX. SIM stands for Subscriber Identity Module which securely stores subscriber's information such as phone numbers and text messages. Users can easily switch SIM card from one mobile set to another. SIM card is responsible for communication among several mobile devices using different kinds of networks such as GSM, UMTS, LTE etc. Smartphone comes with Single SIM or Dual SIM slot.. GSM / UMTS / LTE. GSM : 850 / 900/ 1800 /1900 MHz. UMTS : 850 / 900 / 1900 / 2100 MHz. LTE : 800 / 900 / 1800 / 2100 / 2600 MHz. OS => Operating System responsible for all basic operations of the device ( smartphone, PDAs, tablet computers, drones, smartwatch and other handheld devices). The Operating System manages and controls the functions of the hardware components of the computing device. There are numbers of OS such as Android, Windows, iOS, BlackBerry and more. UI or user interface (f human–machine interaction) of a device is the look and feel of the on-screen menu system. How it works, its color scheme, how it responds to button presses, all of these things are part of the user interface. Facebook its no 1 popular free social networking site which allows users to create a free account and adds your friends or family in your social list to chat with them, upload photos, videos, video chat and send messages via the internet and keep in touch with friends,Each Smartphone supports Facebook app. Youtube is a popular free video-sharing website, Youtube is the largest video sharing site in the world, Millions of users around the world have created accounts on the site that allow them to upload videos that anyone can watch. Twitter is global microblogging social media website, you can use twitter application on your smartphone, tablet. Microblogging is a broadcast medium that exists in the form of blogging. A microblog differs from a traditional blog in that its content is typically smaller in both actual and aggregated file size. Google Play Store, Google Maps, Google Navigation, Flashlight, Clock, Calendar, Facebook, Calculator, Notebook, World Clock, Stopwatch. Multimedia Features (Audio, Video and Images). Which type of audio playback supported by the device as there are number of audio format such as WAV, AAC, AMR, MP3, WMA, MIDI, FLAC, etc. FM is a VHF broadcasting technology which uses frequency modulation (FM) to transfer sound over the broadcasting radio. Alert types are types of sound which notify the users when someone sends notifications like a phone call, message, email etc. Yes Support WAV, OGG, APE, FLAC, MIDI, WMA, M4A, MP3, AMR, AAC, AAC+. Yes Support 3GP, MP4, FLV, WMV, xVID, AVI, MKV, H.264, H.263. Yes with 3.5mm Audio Out Port. Wi-Fi is a popular wireless networking technology which provides wireless data connection between various device using radio waves it uses the IEEE 802.11 stands for communication. USB required for transfer or sync the data from one computing device to another such as from Smartphone to computer. Bluetooth is wireless communications technology for exchanging data between mobile phones, headsets, personal computers and other network devices over brief distances without wiring, Bluetooth technology was mostly designed to support simple wireless networking of personal consumer devices. There are different-different types of Bluetooth Profile (A2DP, HID, LE etc) available in each device for exchanging different content within a short distance.. GPS Stands for Global Positioning System is a satellite-based radio navigation technology using it users can track their position, velocity and the time 24 hours a day, in all weather, anywhere in the world, the most common GPS technology are GPS and the GLONASS. NFC stands for Near field communication is a set of short-range wireless communication standards for smartphones and similar computing devices to establish peer-to-peer (P2P) radio communications with each other by touching them together.It works on smaller range around 10cm. HDMI Stands for (High-Definition Multimedia Interface) most commonly used for. transferring video data and digital audio data from a HDMI- device (Smartphone, Tablet, Laptop) to a compatible computer monitor, video projector, digital television, or digital audio device. Infrared (IR) connectivity is an old wireless technology which uses an infrared light to transfer information between two electronic devices over short-range. Micro USB v2.0, With Charging and Mass Storage Function. Yes Bluetooth v4.2 with A2DP Profile. GPRS GPRS stands for General Packet Radio Service it is also known as GSM-IP is global system mobile communications internet protocol which works in 2G and 3G cellular networks.It provides data speed up to 40 kbps which enable mobile devices to access the internet at a Similar speed of dial-up modem and it is used for wireless data transfer like sharing pictures, text, video or browse the internet via mobile phone connection. EDGE (Enhanced Data Rate for GSM Environment) also known as also known as Enhanced GPRS or EGPRS is a wireless network technology generally considered the next step in the 2G network offers data transfer rates up to four times faster than ordinary GSM networks, Generally, EDGE is used for the purpose of wireless data transfer, such as sharing pictures and videos or browsing the Internet via a mobile phone connection. Data Speed supports by any computing device such as Smartphone, Tablet, Computer, Laptop etc mostly it measured in Mbps (Mega bit per second).A good device always supports faster data speed. Web Browser => used to access information on the world wide web such as text, image, video, audio here we have listed some of the common browsers supported by the device.. LTE Cat 4 150 Mbps Download, 50 Mbps Upload, HSUPA 5.76 Mbps Upload, HSDPA 42 Mbps Download. Google Chrome, Support WAP, HTML, HTML5 Browsers. SMS (Short Messaging Service) is a text messaging service through which users can send text messages up to 160-224 characters to mobile devices such as cell phone, smartphone, and PDAs. MMS stands for Multimedia Messaging Service and it is used for sending multimedia message from one device to another device such as audio clips, video clips, images, text.. Email Email Stands for Electronic mail which used for sending and storing message it just like sending a physical letter.The user can send text messages, images, and other attachments to the recipient using the internet. You can create your account with Gmail, Yahoo, Hotmail or any other without any cost and its necessary to receive any message over internet and email address is unique to each user. IM stands for Instant Messaging is an exchange of text messages through a software application in real time, it enable users to create a kind of private chat room (for example Yahoo! Messenger and Apple's iChat ) with another user in order to communicate in real time over the Internet.. SMS, MMS, Email, Push Mail, IM, Hangouts. Battery Type => The battery is most important part of any electronics device and they powered by different-different kind of battery such as there are basically four types of cell phone batteries Lithium Polymer, Lithium Ion, Nickel Metal Hydride and Nickel Cadmium. Battery Capacity which measure typically in Amp-hr which tells users that how much of the charge stored by the battery. The battery capacity represents the maximum amount of power that can be run any computing device under certain conditions. A good battery always provides consistent power but it also depends on the quality of device, processor, and design. Standby Time is the longest time a phone can remain in the power during single battery charge while the device will not be in active use but constantly connected to the GSM network.. Talk Time is the total time a battery can power a phone under perfect conditions, talk time requires more power and much shorter than standby time. Music play time of the device in hours. The capacity of battery to play video on device. Package Contents: What Accessories is included with this device when you Buy This item from Store,. What is inside the package box.. User Reviews and Discussion about Gadget. Konstantin from au i say 6.9 rating to this phone, battery is average. Body & Design (look and feel):. is this price is good for this device or not. 6 / 10 based on your selection. Our aim is to provide real and precise reviews of gadget. The overall rating is based on 2 reviews by users.. Body & Design (look and feel). 1- Write Your Review only in appropriate language. 2- Try to give your review based on hands on experience and it should be true. 2- Do not forget to write good and bad things about device you used. Please not that each user review reflects the opinion of it's respectful author. Posted on March 24, 2017 at 3:59 pm. Body looks worst, even very thick, display quality is poor 5.0 inches FWVGA. both camera only for normal use, 1GB, 640 MHz, very low quality and low price smartphone.. Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window). Body & Design (look and feel). Posted on March 14, 2017 at 6:55 pm. Now i am going to give review according to usage, Camera quality not so good but its a perfect smartphone in this range. I just loved it and best buy in mid range. Tamper glass not adjust due to 2.5D Glass. Not for hard core gaming, i hate this. Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window). Body & Design (look and feel). Please post a user review only if you have / had this product.. You May Be Interested in Other Models from Alcatel. Alcatel Idol 5 Smartphone Full Specification. Alcatel Flash 2 Smartphone Full Specification. Alcatel Fierce 4 Smartphone Full Specification. Alcatel OneTouch POP Star (4G) Smartphone Full Specification. Gadgets Finder – Search Gadget Here. Up to 50% Off On Mobile Phone. Sony Xperia XZ2 Smartphone Full Specification. Huawei MediaPad M5 8 Tablet Full Specification. Huawei MediaPad M5 8 Wi-Fi Tablet Full Specification. Huawei MediaPad M5 10 Pro Wi-Fi Tablet Full Specification. Huawei MediaPad M5 10 Wi-Fi Tablet Full Specification. Alcatel 1T 10 Tablet Full Specification. LG Signature Edition Smartphone Full Specification. Samsung Galaxy S8 G950K Smartphone Full Specification. Samsung Galaxy S9 Exynos Smartphone Full Specification. Samsung Galaxy S8 G950FD Dual SIM Smartphone Full Specification. Samsung Galaxy S8 G9500 Smartphone Full Specification. Google Pixel XL Smartphone Full Specification. LG V30S ThinQ vs LG V30S+ ThinQ Comparison. ZTE Tempo Go vs ZTE Blade V9 Vita Comparison. Alcatel 1X vs Alcatel 1C Comparison. Alcatel 1X vs Alcatel 3X Comparison. MGCOOL Band 3 Companion App Helps You to Carve More. Samsung Galaxy J7 Neo Smartphone Full Specification. JGAURORA A5 Updated Large Printing Size 3D Printer Just for $359.99 – GearBest Coupon. VOYO i7 Notebook with i7 6500U, 8GB RAM Just for $599.32, Flat $40 GearBest Promo Code. Xiaomi YI 4K+ Action Camera 60fps 120Mbps Only for $249.99, Geekbuying Coupon Code. XDUOO Nano D3 Lossless Music MP3 HiFi Music Player GearBest $6.91 Promo Code. Xiaomi Mi 6 Smartphone with 5.2 inch Display, MIUI 8, Snapdragon 835 Chip Just for $409, GearBest Coupon Code. HBQ – I7 TWS Bluetooth Stereo Double Headsets HD Call for $15.39, GearBest Coupon Code. News 357 How to 252 Samsung 65 Coupons & Deals 63 Xiaomi 39 Apple 36 LG 35 Huawei 35. We Suggest You The Best Smartphone with Great Features. Brand Name (specific brand gadget you want). www.pdevice.com is one of the most useful and informative website where you will get tech news, gadget info such as review and specification, price, compare, site about Smartphone,Tablets, Laptops, smartwatch, vr headset tech specs and lot more about electronics gadgets all around the globe. We provide you with the latest information about electronics gadgets , tips and tricks about gadgets .. © Copyright © 2018 - www.pdevice.com. 
download manual, user guide, handbook, instruction ebook for free. Alcatel U5 Manual PDF Download (English) and Troubleshooting. The Alcatel U5 manual or user guide is available now. The manual is available in pdf format and english language. The device is powered by Quad-core 1.1 GHz Cortex-A53 processor. It has 5.0 inches, IPS LCD capacitive touchscreen with 480 x 854 pixels resolution. The device run on the Android 6.0 (Marshmallow) operating system. Other main specs and features as follows:. 5 MP, LED flash,2 MP secondary camera. Wi-Fi 802.11 b/g/n, Wi-Fi Direct, hotspot, Bluetooth 4.2. The Alcatel U5 User Manual is provide detail reference information such as device layout, Keys and connectors, Inserting or removing the SIM/microSD card, using home screen, tutorial Using the onscreen keyboard, Using the touchscreen, making calls, Managing multiple calls, Import/Export contacts, Use Quick contact for Android, etc. Then about Connecting to the internet, using Wi-fi and blueooth, Connecting to a computer via USB, VPN settings on page 61, using camera on page 64, using Google applications and device settings guide for example Tethering & portable hotspot, Encrypt phone, Back up my data, Factory data reseton page 89, System updates, printing guide,Mobile Upgrade, and Troubleshooting on page 100. Alcatel U5 Camera - Read on page 64. Troubleshooting for the Alcatel U5 as follows (Page 100-105):. My phone can't be switched on or is frozen. My phone has not responded for several minutes. My phone turns off by itself. My phone can't connect to a network or "No service" is displayed. My phone can't connect to the internet. My phone can't make outgoing calls. My phone can't receive incoming calls. The caller’s name/number doesn't appear when a call is received. The sound quality of the calls is poor. I can't use the features described in the manual. When I select a number from my contacts, the number can't be dialled. My callers can't leave messages on my voicemail. I can't send and receive MMS. I can't connect my phone to my computer. The phone can't be detected by others via Bluetooth. The phone becomes warm following prolonged calls, game playing, internet surfing or running other complex applications. After Factory data reset is performed, I can't use my phone without entering Google account credentials. The phone doesn't ring when a call or message arrives. I forget some passwords/codes/keys on phone. Table of content for the Alcatel U5 User Guide:. Making the most of your phone. Read or download the Alcatel U5 Manual in pdf format (english) here:. Alcatel U5 Manual / User Guide from manualsheet. Samsung Galaxy J3 Manual PDF Download (English). Samsung Galaxy J7 Pro Manual PDF Download (SM-J730G/DS). HUAWEI Gr5 Manual PDF Download (English). Epson WorkForce WF-3520 Manual and Solving problems. Samsung Galaxy J7 SM-J700F Manual PDF Download. Samsung Galaxy J5 Manual PDF Download and Device Layout. Samsung Galaxy On5 Manual, Setting and Troubleshooting. Samsung Galaxy J7 Max (G615F/DS) Manual PDF Download (English). Huawei P9 Manual PDF Download (EVA-L09, L19, L29). Copyright © 2015 Manual Centre. Design by Mas Sugeng - Powered by Blogger. 
The next video is starting stop. Want to watch this again later?. Sign in to add this video to a playlist.. Sign in to report inappropriate content.. Sign in to make your opinion count.. Sign in to make your opinion count.. Rating is available when the video has been rented.. This feature is not available right now. Telefon možeš da kupiš putem Vip online prodavnice na linku https://www.vipmobile.rs/privatni/mob... Alcatel U5 pokreće četvorojezgarni procesor, čija jezgra rade na 1.1 gigaherca. Raspolaže sa 1 gigabajtom memorije, kao i sa 8 gigabajta skladišnog prostora. Telefon je veoma jednostavan za korišćenje, a podržava i Dual SIM, tako da možete koristiti dve kartice u jednom telefonu, što je posebno zanimljiva opcija za poslovne korisnike. Treba reći da baterija ima kapacitet od 2050 miliamperčasova. Sve nabrojano znači da je Alcatel U5 veoma interesantna opcija u nižoj klasi Android smartfona.. When autoplay is enabled, a suggested video will automatically play next.. [Exclusive] Alcatel U5 HD Unboxing, Camera Samples and Gaming. Alcatel U5 4G/LTE - Unboxing [4K]. Alcatel U5 HD India Unboxing, Hands On And Features Overview | Intellect Digest. Alcatel U5 - Full Specifications, Features, Price, Specs and Reviews 2017 Update Video. Alcatel U5, A3 and A5 First Impressions. alcatel U5 Official Specs, Features And CAMERA. Alcatel U5 HD: economic terminal with Android Nougat.. Alcatel U5 HD Launched - Specification | Features | Price. Alcatel U5 Hands on, Affordable 5 inch display 4G Smartphone | Hindi. Sign in to add this to Watch Later. 
The next video is starting stop. Want to watch this again later?. Sign in to add this video to a playlist.. Sign in to report inappropriate content.. Sign in to make your opinion count.. Sign in to make your opinion count.. Rating is available when the video has been rented.. This feature is not available right now. Alcatel U5 Conoce más sobre Alcatel U5: http://tecnologia21.com/91655/review-... Por favor, da clic al botón "Me gusta", escríbenos tus comentarios y suscríbete gratis a nuestro canal: http://www.youtube.com/subscription_c... Acerca de nosotros: Somos un medio digital especializado en ciencia y tecnología. Realizamos reviews de equipos tecnológicos, entrevistas y transmitimos en vivo los eventos a los que asistimos. Noticias de tecnología: http://tecnologia21.com Síguenos: http://twitter.com/tecnologia21com http://facebook.com/tecnologia21 https://plus.google.com/1051563374731... Tutoriales de Tecnología 21: Rojadirecta: http://tecnologia21.com/rojadirecta Gmail: http://tecnologia21.com/gmail Hotmail: http://tecnologia21.com/hotmail Uber Gratis: http://tecnologia21.com/77673/tutoria... Conoce nuestros otros proyectos: Turismo en Perú: http://vao.pe DragonBound: http://dragonbound.pe Inicia: http://inicia.pe Unique Peru: http://negociosmujeres.com Extra Tags: alcatel u5, alcatel u5 2017, alcatel u5 camera, alcatel u5 gaming, alcatel u5 hd, alcatel u5 lte, alcatel u5 review, alcatel u5 specs, alcatel u5 unboxing. When autoplay is enabled, a suggested video will automatically play next.. Alcatel U5 - Review en español (Premium Edition). Alcatel U5 LTE, que podemos hacer, y que no, con un Equipo de Gama Baja.... [Exclusive] Alcatel U5 HD Unboxing, Camera Samples and Gaming. Обзор бюджетного 4G смартфона Alcatel U5. Alcatel U5 4G/LTE - Unboxing [4K]. Alcatel U5, primeras impresiones en MWC. Androidsis - Reviews, apps y juegos Android. Alcatel U5 - Full Specifications, Features, Price, Specs and Reviews 2017 Update Video. Megállja a helyét? | Alcatel U5 bemutató. Alcatel U5, A3 and A5 First Impressions. Alcatel U5 HD India Unboxing, Hands On And Features Overview | Intellect Digest. Sign in to add this to Watch Later. 
