Select the department you want to search in. Sign in Account & Lists Sign in Account & Lists Orders Try Prime Cart. Your Amazon.com Today's Deals Gift Cards Registry Sell Help Disability Customer Support. Cell Phones & Accessories Carrier Phones Unlocked Phones Prime Exclusive Phones Accessories Cases Wearable Technology Best Sellers Deals Trade-In All Electronics. has been added to your Cart. Turn on 1-Click ordering for this browser. Please enter a valid US zip code.. Please enter a valid US zip code.. Shipping to a APO/FPO/DPO? Please add the address to your address book. Make sure you include the unit and box numbers (if assigned).. 1-Year Unlocked Cell Phone Accidental Protection Plan. Coverage for drops, spills and product malfunctions. Free shipping on all repairs with $49 deductible. Cancel anytime, full refund in the first 30 days. SquareTrade Protection Plans are only valid for new products purchased at Amazon within the last 30 days. Alcatel IDOL 4S Windows 10 OS 5.5 Inch Unlocked Smartphone with VR Goggles. This item at this price, sold by Amazon.com, is currently reserved exclusively for Prime members. Prime free trial and invitee customers: We will automatically apply an Amazon.com Gift Card to your Gift Card Balance in the amount equal to the Prime exclusive discount after you become a paid Prime member. If you cancel your paid Prime membership or return the qualifying smartphone within the first 3 months of your paid Prime membership, we may void your Gift Card or charge you in the amount of the Gift Card. Terms and Conditions apply.. Only 2 left in stock - order soon.. Sold by NextGen Outlet and Fulfilled by Amazon .. Fulfillment by Amazon (FBA) is a service we offer sellers that lets them store their products in Amazon's fulfillment centers, and we directly pack, ship, and provide customer service for these products. Something we hope you'll especially enjoy: FBA items qualify for FREE Shipping and Amazon Prime.. If you're a seller, Fulfillment by Amazon can help you increase your sales. learn more about Fulfillment by Amazon. The IDOL 4S works like a PC without the PC price. Windows 10 offers a ubiquitous experience on the IDOL 4S allowing you to sync your Office documents across devices to get work done while you’re on the go. The IDOL 4S makes business limitations a thing of the past. Connect your IDOL 4S to a Microsoft Continuum-compatible accessory and use it with an external monitor, a keyboard and a mouse.. A screen so unreal you need to see it to believe it. The beautiful 5.5” Full HD AMOLED display brings your pictures, movies, apps and games to life in a whole new world of color – with a bright display even in direct sunlight. 5.5” Full-HD (1920x1080) AMOLED Dragontrail™ .. GSM 4G LTE Device is manufactured Unlocked and covered by Manufacturer Warranty. Functions in the US with service from AT&T, Cricket, T-Mobile, and Metro PCS. Will work internationally with most GSM providers but you will want to check with each provider to verify. GSM 850/900/1800/1900, UMTS 2/4/5, LTE 2/4/12 Wifi Specs 802.11a/b/g/n/ac(2.4GHz & 5GHz).. VR in the Box: Unleash the unbelievable. The world’s first Windows 10 smartphone + VR goggle package delivers virtual reality that everyone can enjoy right out of the box. Immerse yourself in 360 degree experiences. Get behind the wheel of a Formula 1 car right from your living room, explore far off lands on your lunch break or go deep sea diving while on the subway. Bask in an elevated sound experience with all-around-audio with multi-directional 2 front and 2 rear Hi-Fi speakers.. From dusk till dawn the 21MP rear lowlight autofocus camera sees what you see without needing a flash. Rear camera features a dual-tone LED flash, and video stabilization. Front facing selfy camera is 8 MP, includes LED flash and wide-viewing angle to capture more. Video Recording 3840x2160p/30fps, 1920x1080p/30fps, Video Playback 1080P(1920x1080)@60fps, Video Codec 1080p240 / 4K60 / 8x1080p30: H.264(High Profile, Level 4.1/4.2 +),VP8, HEVC 8/10-bit, VP9. One of these items ships sooner than the other. This item: Alcatel IDOL 4S Windows 10 OS 5.5 Inch Unlocked Smartphone with VR Goggles $249.00. Only 2 left in stock - order soon.. Sold by NextGen Outlet and ships from Amazon Fulfillment.. [2-PACK]-Mr Shield For Alcatel OneTouch IDOL 4S (5.5 Inch) [Tempered Glass] Screen Protector [0.3mm… $6.95. Sold by Mr.Shield and ships from Amazon Fulfillment.. FREE Shipping on orders over $25. Alcatel Idol 4S Case, CoverON [FlexGuard Series] Slim Soft Flexible TPU Rubber Phone Cover Case for… $8.99. Sold by Wireless Central and ships from Amazon Fulfillment.. FREE Shipping on orders over $25. This shopping feature will continue to load items. In order to navigate out of this carousel please use your heading shortcut key to navigate to the next or previous heading.. Customers who viewed this item also viewed. Page 1 of 1 Start over Page 1 of 1. Alcatel Idol 4S Case, CoverON [FlexGuard Series] Slim Soft Flexible TPU Rubber Phone Cover Case for Alcatel Idol 4S / Idol 4S Windows 10 - Black. Alcatel Idol 4S Case, J&D [Drop Protection] [Slim Cushion] [Lightweight Bumper] Shock Resistant Protective Slim Case for Alcatel Idol 4S - Black. Alcatel IDOL 4S Unlocked 4G LTE Android Smartphone with VR Goggles and JBL Headset -32GB - (AT&T/T-Mobile). Alcatel IDOL 4S Windows 10 OS 5.5 Inch T-Mobile Smartphone (Certified Refurbished). Alcatel IDOL 4S Windows 10 OS 5.5 Inch FHD GSM Unlocked 64GB 21MP Camera Smartphone with Advanced Security Fingerprint Scanner. Alcatel Idol 4S Unlocked 4G LTE Android Smartphone. This shopping feature will continue to load items. In order to navigate out of this carousel please use your heading shortcut key to navigate to the next or previous heading.. Customers who bought this item also bought. Page 1 of 1 Start over Page 1 of 1. [2-PACK]-Mr Shield For Alcatel OneTouch IDOL 4S (5.5 Inch) [Tempered Glass] Screen Protector [0.3mm Ultra Thin 9H Hardness 2.5D Round Edge] with Lifetime Replacement Warranty. Alcatel Idol 4S Case, CoverON [FlexGuard Series] Slim Soft Flexible TPU Rubber Phone Cover Case for Alcatel Idol 4S / Idol 4S Windows 10 - Black. Alcatel Idol 4S Case, J&D [Drop Protection] [Slim Cushion] [Lightweight Bumper] Shock Resistant Protective Slim Case for Alcatel Idol 4S - Black. [3-Pack] Alcatel Idol 4S Screen Protector, Dmax Armor [Tempered Glass] 0.3mm 9H Hardness, Anti-Scratch, Anti-Fingerprint, Bubble Free, Ultra-clear. [2-Pack] Supershieldz for Alcatel Idol 4S Tempered Glass Screen Protector, [Full Screen Coverage] Anti-Scratch, Bubble Free (Black). kwmobile Wallet case canvas cover for Alcatel IDOL 4S - Flip case with card slot and stand in grey black. Find answers in product info, Q&As, reviews. Please make sure that you are posting in the form of a question.. Don't see what you're looking for?. There was a problem completing your request. Please try your search again later.. 0.28 x 6.06 x 2.97 in. 3.78 x 7.87 x 7.48 in. 5.9 x 1.4 x 6.3 in. 3.03 x 5.94 x 0.31 in. 3.4 x 6.3 x 1.8 in. Alcatel IDOL 4S Windows 10 OS 5.5 Inch Unlocked Smartphone with VR Goggles. Alcatel IDOL 4S Unlocked 4G LTE Android Smartphone with VR Goggles and JBL Headset -32GB - (AT&T/T-Mobile). Microsoft Lumia 650 (RM-1154) 16GB Black, 5", Dual Sim, Unlocked International Model, No Warranty. Alcatel POP 4S Unlocked Android Smartphone-(AT&T/T-Mobile). ALCATEL OneTouch Idol 3 Global Unlocked 4G LTE Smartphone, 4.7 HD IPS Display, 16GB (GSM - US Warranty). Experience next level work and play from the IDOL 4S Smartphone with Windows 10. It’s a high-powered, multi-purpose smartphone that is built for more. The IDOL 4S is the first the first Windows-powered smartphone to come with an out-of-the-box VR experience. Equipped with best-in-class business tools from Microsoft and thoughtfully crafted features to elevate your everyday entertainment, the IDOL 4S delivers unreal productivity. THE PERFECT AMOUNT OF UNREAL: Experience next level work and play from the IDOL 4S with Windows 10. It’s a high-powered, multi-purpose smartphone vr that is built for more. The IDOL 4S is the first the first Windows-powered smartphone to come with an out-of-the-box VR experience. Equipped with best-in-class business tools from Microsoft and thoughtfully crafted features to elevate your everyday entertainment, the IDOL 4S delivers unreal productivity. PC-LIKE POWER WITH WINDOWS 10: The IDOL 4S works like a PC without the PC price. The Windows 10 phone offers a ubiquitous experience on the IDOL 4S allowing you to sync your Office documents across devices to get work done while you’re on the go. With integrated access to your OneDrive online storage, you can make changes to your presentations and they’ll be saved everywhere. Features a Qualcomm Snapdragon 820, 64 GB ROM + 3.5 GB RAM for speed and MicroSD card slot for expandable memory. 3000 mAh battery for 800 min estimated talk time. It’s the power of a PC that fits in your pocket. This is a smartphone for Windows, unlocked 4G phones, phones with Windows.. 6.1 x 0.3 x 3 inches. 1.85 pounds ( View shipping rates and policies ). #72,831 in Cell Phones & Accessories ( See Top 100 in Cell Phones & Accessories ). #1,485 in Cell Phones & Accessories > Unlocked Cell Phones. Product Warranty: For warranty information about this product, please click here. If you are a seller for this product, would you like to suggest updates through seller support ?. Would you like to tell us about a lower price ?. 5 star 57% 4 star 12% 3 star 8% 2 star 10% 1 star 13%. Share your thoughts with other customers. There was a problem filtering reviews right now. 5.0 out of 5 stars Great phone (see photo for correct UMTS/LTE bands). I bought this to replace a Lumia 640 on AT&T. This phone is easily the nicest smartphone I've owned. It is an exceptional value with a Qualcomm 820 processor, 64 GB storage, and 3.5 GB RAM. I was concerned about using this on AT&T based on the bands listed in the product specs. Thankfully, the listed bands refer to the T-Mobile carrier variant and not the unlocked version! Model: 6071W Here is what it says on the box (see attached photo) GSM Quadband 850/900/1800/1900 UMTS Bands: 1, 2, 4, 5 LTE Bands: 2, 4, 12, 5, 7, 17. Was this review helpful to you?. 5.0 out of 5 stars Great little Phone. I owned this device for a week, bought through the Microsoft online store. Saw it posted here 50 dollars cheaper and so returned the one to the Microsoft store and ordered it again cheaper. I love the size and feel. Battery life is incomparable for 3000 mAh. Any other phone would struggle to go beyond a full day on that much capacity. Few things that could use fine tuning or work and Alcatel/Microsoft know this...Finger print scanner accuracy is not all that, but it works well enough. The camera department could use some love too. Other than that the phone is great.. Was this review helpful to you?. 5.0 out of 5 stars Fantastic hardware, awesome value. Size: I replaced a lumia 950 with this phone. The 950 is no comparison to this phone. I was worried it would be too big but it actually feels the same size despite the screen size. The IDOL 4S is about the same width as the 950, a little taller and a much better screen to body ratio. This makes for a larger screen experience while feeling as big as the 950 but slimmer. Speakers: The stereo speakers(placed top and bottom) are awesome and work great with the phone placed screen down or screen up. I also like that the speaker openings are very small holes drilled into the metal frame instead of a larger hole covered with a screen. This deign should stay lint and dirt free. Camera: The only negative so far is the amount the camera bezel pops out of the back. It's a good 1.5 to 2 mm. Even with a case on it rubs on any surface you place the phone. The front camera has a flash which I've never seen before and a nice surprise. The speed and quality of the camera's are great. I've read negative reviews on this and I hands down disagree with those comments. Note you can't reduce the MP's of the pictures. I'd like to be able to reduce to a lower count. You don't always need to take pictures at 21MP's. 8 Or 15 would be a nice option. Hopefully this changes in the future. Speed: Much smoother and fluid than the 950. So far this is a pleasure to use. I have to use the battery saver but can make it through a long work day with heavy use. LTE and 4G work fine in my area. I think this is great deal for this phone and highly recommend buying. This is a great windows phone. The only hardware bummer is the lack of NFC... No wireless charge (don't care it's too slow anyways) or tap to pay (big bummer) THANKS ACATEL for bringing a Windows 10 phone to the market. Was this review helpful to you?. 5.0 out of 5 stars Incredibly well built with the best specs. Was this review helpful to you?. 3.0 out of 5 stars Win10 OS that doesn't completely break the bank. Pros: Nice size, weight and display. Easy transfer from my LG 640 Win 8.1 phone. Glad that this is Win10 for more support and compatibility. Cons: Doesn't support step tracking (my LG did). That dropped a star right off the bat - maybe another after more use since I'll have to break out my old pedometer... Cost - over $200 for a phone that doesn't support movement. Update 12/7/17 - Pros are still applicable. It's a nice phone and I do like it. Easy to use and camera works pretty well. New Con: Within the past week, SMS messaging has become weird. The contact name is duplicated among several message threads, but when opening the individual thread it is obvious that the message/thread is actually a different contact. For the first few days a reboot corrected the issue. As of today that is not the case. Irritating for sure and very disappointing in a phone that is only six mos old; always in a protective cover and not dropped.. Was this review helpful to you?. 4.0 out of 5 stars has a few bugs but still better than Apple or android. Like the OS for Windows and this doesn't disappoint. Had read some reviews and as always read the bad reviews to see if it's some thing that I can live with. So far it's not that bad and it has freeze here and there but still happy with it. Really don't care for the VR, tried it and it was disappointing like the other reviews. Luckily this was not a selling point for me. I give this goggles a score 2 out of 10. If your planing to get this phone because of the goggles you will be disappointed. I got this phone cause I needed an upgrade from my old phone Lumia 635 with runs on Windows 8 and not up dates available to Windows 10. people are asking so i loaded a pick and hope this help. For the one that i received, you can only use 1 sim card and 1 SD card. I found no way to change it so you could use dual sim cards. Hope this helps some one out there.. Was this review helpful to you?. Wanted a Windows 10 phone that would work with Tracfone (unlocked GSM phone). This met my requirements but the phone itself is very disappointing. 2.0 out of 5 stars Phone is very disappointing; not recommended.. I'm never bored with this phone.. 4.0 out of 5 stars Four Stars. Windows 10 with the lack of apps is the real issue. 3.0 out of 5 stars No apps for Windows. I was interested in the continuum feature of this phone. I bought it at the Microsoft store for $200. 2.0 out of 5 stars Although continuum is a great feature, the phone keeps turning off by itself .... whats app hangs skype dosent work.. 1.0 out of 5 stars One Star. Why doesn't Microsoft have more faith in this brilliant phone OS? This is my first Windows phone. Given the uncertain future of this platform, it may be my last. 5.0 out of 5 stars Dear Microsoft: We LOVE Windows Mobile 10. I really like the sturdy feel of this phone and the picture quality is really good. Almost everything was great until I realized that windows 10 is crap. 2.0 out of 5 stars Grea phone, terrible mobile os (Windows). The VR system works quite well and I enjoyed the sample material that was included. Being able to look around randomly is fun.. 5.0 out of 5 stars Excellent Buy. Doesn't work when screen protector is applied.. 2.0 out of 5 stars Two Stars. This is an Amazing Phone! love the build quality and reliable Win 10 Mobile. I use this phone for my business and works great. 5.0 out of 5 stars Really great Phone for the money.. This shopping feature will continue to load items. In order to navigate out of this carousel please use your heading shortcut key to navigate to the next or previous heading.. Page 1 of 1 Start over Page 1 of 1. 7" Tablet Google Android 6.0, Quad Core,1024x600, Dual Camera, Wi-Fi, Bluetooth,1GB/16GB,Play Store Netfilix Skype 3D Game Supported, GMS Certified with One Year Warranty,iRULU X37-Blue. Sony Xperia L1 - Unlocked Smartphone - 16GB - Black (US Warranty). KOCASO [7 INCH] Quad Core [Android 4.4 KitKat] Kids HD Tablet PC- 8GB Storage W/ 32GB Expandable Memory, 1024x600, Dual Camera, WiFi/Bluetooth, Micro USB/SD Card Slot & FREE ACCESSORIES- Purple. Sony Xperia XA unlocked smartphone,16GB Black (US Warranty). Alcatel IDOL 4S 6071W - 32GB - Gold (T-Mobile) 4G LTE Windows 10 Smartphone (Certified Refurbished). OYYU T81 8 Inch 3G Unlocked Phablet, Android 6.0 Dual SIM Card Phone Call Tablet PC, MTK8321 Quad Core 16GB ROM IPS Display 1280x800, with Dual Camera Wi-Fi GPS Bluetooth OTG Black rear. See and discover other items: alcatel phones , windows 10 phone , windows phone , windows phones , at and t go phones , dual sim 4g cell phone. There's a problem loading this menu right now.. Get fast, free shipping with Amazon Prime. Prime members enjoy FREE Two-Day Shipping and exclusive access to music, movies, TV shows, original audio series, and Kindle books.. Careers About Amazon Investor Relations Amazon Devices. Sell on Amazon Sell Your Services on Amazon Sell on Amazon Business Sell Your Apps on Amazon Become an Affiliate Advertise Your Products Self-Publish with Us › See all. Amazon Rewards Visa Signature Cards Amazon.com Store Card Amazon.com Corporate Credit Line Shop with Points Credit Card Marketplace Reload Your Balance Amazon Currency Converter. Your Account Your Orders Shipping Rates & Policies Amazon Prime Returns & Replacements Manage Your Content and Devices Amazon Assistant Help. Amazon Music Stream millions of songs. Amazon Drive Cloud storage from Amazon. 6pm Score deals on fashion brands. AbeBooks Books, art & collectibles. ACX Audiobook Publishing Made Easy. Alexa Actionable Analytics for the Web. Amazon Business Everything For Your Business. AmazonFresh Groceries & More Right To Your Door. AmazonGlobal Ship Orders Internationally. Home Services Handpicked Pros Happiness Guarantee. Amazon Inspire Digital Educational Resources. Amazon Rapids Fun stories for kids on the go. Amazon Restaurants Food delivery from local restaurants. Amazon Video Direct Video Distribution Made Easy. Amazon Web Services Scalable Cloud Computing Services. Audible Download Audio Books. AudiobookStand Discount Audiobooks on Disc. Book Depository Books With Free Delivery Worldwide. Box Office Mojo Find Movie Box Office Data. ComiXology Thousands of Digital Comics. CreateSpace Indie Print Publishing Made Easy. DPReview Digital Photography. East Dane Designer Men's Fashion. Fabric Sewing, Quilting & Knitting. Goodreads Book reviews & recommendations. IMDb Movies, TV & Celebrities. IMDbPro Get Info Entertainment Professionals Need. Junglee.com Shop Online in India. Kindle Direct Publishing Indie Digital Publishing Made Easy. Prime Now FREE 2-Hour Delivery on Everyday Items. Prime Photos Unlimited Photo Storage Free With Prime. Shopbop Designer Fashion Brands. TenMarks.com Math Activities for Kids & Schools. Warehouse Deals Open-Box Discounts. Whole Foods Market America’s Healthiest Grocery Store. Withoutabox Submit to Film Festivals. Woot! Deals and Shenanigans. Zappos Shoes & Clothing. Souq.com Shop Online in the Middle East. Subscribe with Amazon Discover & try subscription services. Conditions of Use Privacy Notice Interest-Based Ads © 1996-2018, Amazon.com, Inc. 
GSM 850 / 900 / 1800 / 1900. HSDPA 850 / 1700(AWS) / 1900 / 2100. HSPA 42.2/5.76 Mbps, LTE Cat4 150/50 Mbps. 153.9 x 75.4 x 7 mm (6.06 x 2.97 x 0.28 in). 5.5 inches, 83.4 cm 2 (~71.9% screen-to-body ratio). 1080 x 1920 pixels, 16:9 ratio (~401 ppi density). Quad-core (2x2.15 GHz Kryo & 2x1.6 GHz Kryo). microSD, up to 256 GB (dedicated slot). 21 MP, phase detection autofocus, dual-LED dual-tone flash. Geo-tagging, touch focus, face detection, panorama, HDR. - Active noise cancellation with dedicated mic. Wi-Fi 802.11 a/b/g/n/ac, dual-band, WiFi Direct, hotspot. Fingerprint (rear-mounted), accelerometer, gyro, proximity, compass. SMS(threaded view), MMS, Email, Push Email, IM. Up to 13 h 20 min (3G). Also known as Alcatel Idol 4 Pro. We can not guarantee that the information on this page is 100% correct. alcatel Idol 4s Windows - user opinions and reviews. Portugal Language and keyboard is available. No Voice assistant in Portuguese though.. Samsung Apple Nokia Sony LG HTC Motorola Huawei Microsoft Lenovo Xiaomi Google Acer Asus Oppo OnePlus Meizu BlackBerry Alcatel ZTE Toshiba Vodafone Energizer XOLO Lava Micromax BLU Gionee vivo LeEco Panasonic HP YU verykool Maxwest Plum. alcatel Idol 4s HP Elite x3 Microsoft Lumia 950 XL Microsoft Lumia 950 BlackBerry DTEK60 Microsoft Lumia 950 XL Dual SIM. alcatel 3x alcatel 3 alcatel 1x alcatel 5 alcatel 3v alcatel Pixi 4 (5). 
Learn more about PCWorld's Digital Editions. Review: The Alcatel Idol 4S launches Windows phones into the VR generation. At $470, however, it's still a significant investment. Use commas to separate multiple email addresses. There was an error emailing this page.. Alcatel Idol 4S review: Just a bit too late to the $400 party. Acer Liquid Jade Primo review: Acer bets big on a Windows phone as your next PC. Windows 10 Mobile review: Small fixes show this plucky phone OS won’t give up. Will APUs stay relevant? Plus: Nvidia rumors, Spectre/Meltdown updates, Q&A |.... A Windows clone of an Android phone [ Further reading: The best Android phones for every budget. The Idol 4S camera: competent, with a touch of lag Mark Hachman. Something new for Windows: Virtual reality Mark Hachman. The best Windows consumer phone we’ve seen. Alcatel’s Idol 4S Windows phone debuts at a time when the news grows ever grimmer for this platform. Market share is below one percent, and Microsoft devices chief Terry Myerson. downplayed Windows phones in a recent interview. Acer and HP have offered up corporate Windows phones, but consumer devices have largely disappeared. This is where the Idol 4S hopes to make its mark.. Alcatel’s argument is a simple one: Pay $470 (a bit more than the $400 Microsoft charges for its 5.2-inch Lumia 950) and receive a larger, 5.5-inch phone. Add to that a VR headset and a few subscription freebies—a 45-day free trial of Hulu Plus, a 30-day trial of Microsoft’s Groove Music, and a free copy of the Windows 10 Mobile game,. Spartan Assault— and you’re buying the best Windows consumer phone on the market. Not that there’s many of them.. The 4S feels light in the hand, though the backing is a bit smooth for my taste.. Although I haven’t compared the two phones side by side, the Windows version of the Idol 4S on paper appears to be similar to Alcatel’s existing Android version of the 4S —a surprising reincarnation of the strategy HTC employed with Windows and Android versions of the. HTC One M8 in 2014.. Like the HP Elite x3 business phone, the Idol 4S is built around excellent hardware, though peripherals and additional services are what really set each phone apart. The phone itself measures 6.06 x 2.97 x 0.28 inches and weighs 0.33 pounds, a bit on the light side.. The single-SIM device (sharing a slot with microSD up to 128GB) has a Qualcomm Snapdragon X12 LTE modem.. The metal-and-glass construction of the Idol 4S looks particularly elegant, with a brass metal band sandwiched between the display glass and the plastic backing. Incidentally, the band extends slightly beyond the glass, offering what appears to be a degree of protection.. The metal edge of the Idol 4S serves as a bumper of sorts. The Idol 4S’s 5.5-inch, AMOLED display is where you’ll first discover the differences between the Windows and Android versions. The Android version’s screen is 2560x1440; the Windows version’s is only 1920x1080. The Android version also uses a Qualcomm octa-core Snapdragon 652 chip, while the Windows version includes the more powerful four-core Snapdragon 820. A few other specs favor the Windows phone: Available memory is 3.5GB, versus 3GB for Android, and the included storage is 64GB, double that of the Android version.. In daily use, I was a little surprised that I could stack and stack applications in the background without any apparent slowdown, and everything I threw at the Idol 4S ran fluidly. As our benchmarks demonstrate, the powerful 820 chip places the Idol 4S neck-and-neck with the HP Elite x3 as the most powerful Windows phone.. We use a number of browser-based benchmarks (using the phone’s Edge browser) as a replacement for app-based benchmarks. The Idol 4S is at the top of all of them.. One of the only native Windows phone benchmarks is AnTuTu, which we’ve broken out for clarity’s sake. Again, the Elite x3 and Idol 4S report virtually identical scores.. I was also shocked at how the Idol 4S battery life excelled.. The included non-removable 3,000 mAh battery is powered with a USB-C connector, the. Part of the long life is certainly due to the 1080p display, its relatively low light output (210 nits at full brightness) and the Snapdragon 820’s power management technology. Still, the Idol 4S lasted a whopping 9 hours, 48 minutes looping our 4K test video, topping the Elite x3’s 9 hours and 28 minutes.. Not everything about the phone was so impressive, though.. One key omission is NFC support, meaning the phone won’t be able to use Microsoft’s tap-to-pay Wallet app. I also struggled with the rear-mounted fingerprint sensor, which logs you in via Windows Hello. My finger had trouble finding it, and when it did, its accuracy was unreliable.. Incipio’s desk dock isn’t the most elegant or comfortable, but it gets the job done—provided you have the desk space.. The Idol 4S’s 1.2-watt front-facing speakers pack a solid punch, loud enough to comfortably fill a small room. Unfortunately, pushing the volume above about 20 (out of 30) introduces noticeable distortion at the high end. Earbuds are an option, but you’ll have to supply your own. ships with JBL earbuds, Alcatel omitted them from the Windows phone bundle.. The Idol 4S doesn’t ship with a display dock, though Alcatel generously supplied a third-party Incipio Digital AV USB-C. multiport adapter to prove that it could run the Continuum experience under third-party hardware. It’s a slightly awkward solution —there’s only one USB port, no ethernet, and the cables place the phone at an awkward angle—but the on-screen experience works.. There are three things you should know about the Idol 4S camera: one positive, one negative, and another somewhere in between. its 21MP rear camera sensor (an IMX230 sensor from Sony) ensures crisp pictures. The other, unfortunately, is characteristic of some other Windows phones we’ve reviewed: When you tap the camera icon to take a picture, there’s a noticeable delay (about half a second) before the picture is actually snapped.. There’s a pronounced camera bump on the rear of the Idol 4S. Behind it is the fingerprint sensor.. Not all is lost, however, as there’s a middle ground: the popular camera button. Even with the screen off and locked, pressing the camera key triggers Microsoft’s camera app. (In the Android version of the Idol 4S, this “Boom button” animates the weather and creates photo collages, features not available in the Windows version.) From there you can tap the button again to shoot, or adjust the settings and focus. Still, as a guy who’s constantly trying to snap shots of his kids as they zoom by, the overall delay disappointed me.. The camera button on the Idol 4S makes shooting photos a one-button affair.. To test the time to shoot, I took pictures of a stopwatch app beginning with the phone’s screen off, measuring the difference between when I pressed the camera button and what the camera actually recorded. I then averaged the shot times together to generate a final score. (To be fair, even phones with Windows Hello or a PIN require a few seconds to unlock, pushing the HP Elite x3, for example, out of contention.). In our photo-quality testing, the Alcatel Idol S performed fairly well, at least in full light. We test four lighting scenarios: studio lights at full brightness, minimum brightness, and then under lamplight with and without flash. I didn’t like how the Idol S performed under low-light conditions, with or without flash. Our test shots of the Alcatel Idol 4S reveal some serious weaknesses in low light. Upper row: studio lights at full and minimum brightness. Bottom row: lamplight, first without then with flash.. Another possible reason for the lower-quality shots may be the encoder technology. The cameras inside the Acer Liquid Jade Primo and Idol 4S use Qualcomm’s JPG encoder. I discovered that the file size of the first studio photo I shot with the 4S was just 1,345KB, versus 3,670KB for the Lumia 950 at nearly identical resolutions and identical color depths. Sure, Qualcomm’s encoder may be quite efficient. But it’s also possible that quite a bit of digital information is being left on the cutting-room floor, so to speak, degrading the images significantly.. A photo collage of pictures snapped with the Idol 4S. Some closeup shots look nice, but some exposure issues seemed to crop up in others. On the other hand, I thought the 8MP front-facing camera shot rather nice selfies. The 84-degree wide-angle lens captures quite a bit in the available frame. Video can be recorded at 1080p (30 frames per second) quality, and played back at 1080p (60 fps).. Unless you have the available funds to pick up a Microsoft HoloLens, the Windows phone world has been basically bereft of augmented or virtual-reality solutions—until now. Each Idol 4S ships with a pair of Idol 4S VR Goggles, and Alcatel clearly intends them to be one of the phone’s chief selling points. Don’t expect to be overwhelmed—with a few exceptions, a lack of available content dims the experience considerably. Generally speaking, though, the available content moves smoothly enough to avoid lag-induced nausea.. The Idol 4S holds the phone, lenses and straps together inside of a neat plastic package.. Alcatel was clearly inspired by the Samsung Gear VR, and the same basic hardware design applies here. A front cover snaps off, allowing you to clip in the phone and even store it there. A pair of lenses split your vision into separate screens, helping create the stereoscopic 3D imagery that tricks your brain into thinking what you’re seeing is real. An elastic strap holds everything in place.. Alcatel did a bang-up job of designing the goggles’ frame, as long as you don’t put too many demands on it. Everything felt light and quite comfortable, and my eyes adjusted naturally. Plastic shells on the front and rear snap in and contain the dangling straps and smartphone when not in use, wrapping it all up in a neat plastic package.. The silver button detaches the back of the goggles, exposing the straps. The blue buttons are used to control the phone, though they sometimes didn’t seem to work.. I don’t wear glasses, however, and there’s no focus knob to make the necessary adjustments for those who do. Alcatel’s goggles also include a pair of control buttons, and the phone has to be properly aligned for them to work. More often than not, they didn’t, though I wasn’t sure if that was due to the apps or a flaw in the hardware itself.. Anyone who knows Windows phones, though, grimaces when they hear “apps” mentioned. Overall, the app landscape for Windows phones has somewhat improved—but not VR. There’s only a trickle of content available, even third-party apps.. Although you can manually load individual apps, it’s best to start with Alcatel’s included VRLauncher app, which allows you to move your head and launch apps.. Alcatel makes a valiant effort to show off at least some of the VR content via its VRLauncher app, which serves as a hub of sorts for other apps on the phone. Basically, the available content comes down to a bit of 360-degree photos and video supplied by Alcatel itself, a pair of decent 3D VR games, as well as Tube 360, a small series of up-to-date 360-degree videos that are actually worth watching.. Personally, I felt that Alcatel’s bundled videos were the worst part of the experience. I quickly ejected from a 360-degree wingsuit video which didn’t rotate quickly enough to convince my sense of balance that it was in control.. Alcatel helps curate VR apps on the Windows Store. It’s a credit to Alcatel’s hardware designers, though, that the two bundled games—Fibrum’s Captain Fellcraft VR and Zombie VR— played smoothly.. Fellcraft was a bit difficult to control—inclining your head from side to side to control an endlessly falling BASE jumper isn’t that comfortable—but I was left without the nausea that the videos induced. The Windows Store app also offers a few VR apps, though most are specifically designed for repurposed Google Cardboard.. Tube360 is worth using, if only because the app attempts to keep up to date with topical video features. You can navigate from video to video within the app.. Make no mistake about it, however: VR headsets and content in the Android world are leaps and bounds ahead. Compare our Gear VR hands-on from 2014 , for Pete’s sake. Meanwhile, Windows phones still lack an official YouTube app, let alone one that can show 360-degree content.. Your consumers Windows phone choices boil down to two: the Microsoft Lumia 950 or the Alcatel Idol 4S. The Lumia 950’s superior camera offers a significant edge. I’ll back any phone that delivers outstanding battery life, however, and the Idol 4S’s silky-smooth performance complements this feature perfectly. As for VR? Without compelling content, it’s gimmicky, but what little there is, is implemented well.. From here on out, you know the story: Without any assurance of a Surface phone (or device) on the horizon, Windows phones may be on their deathbed. But for those willing to take that chance, the Alcatel Idol 4S delivers.. To comment on this article and other PCWorld content, visit our Facebook page or our Twitter feed.. Alcatel's Idol 4S is the first Windows phone expressly made for virtual reality. Excellent battery life and performance offset a mediocre camera and lack of apps.. A solid though limited VR experience. Camera can't quite top the Lumia 950. As PCWorld's senior editor, Mark focuses on Microsoft news and chip technology, among other beats.. PCWorld helps you navigate the PC ecosystem to find the products you want and the advice you need to get the job done.. Copyright © 2018 IDG Communications, Inc.. 
This web site uses cookies to improve your experience. By viewing our content, you are accepting the use of cookies. To find out more and change your cookie settings, please. Newsletters All Writers Log In to ZDNET Join ZDNet About ZDNet Preferences Community Newsletters Log Out. Alcatel Idol 4S with Windows 10 review: $288 for a compelling business smartphone. | February 16, 2017 -- 12:51 GMT (20:51 GMT+08:00). High quality design, fit, and finish. Attractive black and gold color scheme. Inexpensive kit that includes a VR headset. Ample internal storage and microSD card slot. Inconsistent Windows 10 experience with some apps. Headset speaker too quiet on calls. Specifications Processor : Snapdragon 820 quad-core 2.15 GHz Display : 5.5 inch 1920x1080 pixels resolution AMOLED Operating system : Windows 10 Mobile RAM : 3.5GB Storage : 64GB internal with microSD expansion card slot Cameras : Rear 21 megapixel f/2.0 aperture. Front 8 megapixel wide-angle and flash. Battery : 3000 mAh Wireless connectivity : 802.11 a/b/g/n/ac WiFi, Bluetooth 4.1 Sensors : Fingerprint, G-Sensor, Gyroscope, Compass, Ambient Light, Proximity Dimensions : 153.9 x 75.4 x 6.99 mm and 152 grams Hardware. Virtual reality headset Software Pricing and competition Daily usage experiences and conclusions. It was just about a year ago that I last tried using Windows 10 Mobile with my March Madness experiment. Since then we have seen very little from Microsoft in the world of phones and I had no plans to try one again, especially after Microsoft killed its wearable plan.. Last week I saw a Tweet that the T-Mobile Alcatel Idol 4S with Windows 10 was available for just $288. That price included a VR headset and apps to test out VR on Windows 10. I called up my local T-Mobile store and was able to purchase the last one.. On Arm: HP Surface-like 2-in-1 is up for pre-order but will cost you $1,000. Tip: Search for any file by date. ​What's really the fastest web browser today?. Windows 10 on Arm: It will be more limited and here's how, reveals Microsoft. Top questions: How to install, secure, upgrade, get it for free. Microsoft releases first 'Redstone 5' test build; adds new app preview program. I have to admit, it felt good to get back on Windows on a phone with the Live Tiles, daily changing Bing images on the home screen, and some of my favorite XBox Live games.. The Idol 4S does not have NFC, but since there is still no payment system in Windows 10 that's really not an issue with this phone. The display resolution is also 1080p, but Windows Phone has always looked great on lower resolution displays and looks fantastic here with the AMOLED panel.. TCL made the BlackBerry DTEK60 I tested out in November and it turns out that the Alcatel Idol 4S is essentially the same hardware that runs Windows 10. The BlackBerry model has a higher resolution 2K display, but half the internal storage.. I loved the feel of the DTEK60 in my hand so as soon as I saw this available on T-Mobile for just $288 I quickly called up my local store to purchase the last one. The black front and back with Halo gold metal edges and highlights looks cool. This is a color scheme I've wanted to see on these new gold phones.. The 5.5 inch AMOLED screen has a 1080p resolution, but still looks fantastic with crisp fonts, vibrant colors, and dark black areas. Microsoft has always done well with its Live Tiles UI and it looks great on this 5.5 inch display.. The dual stereo speakers above and below the display sound loud and clear at high volumes, easily beating my iPhone 7 Plus and the Huawei Mate 9. There is also a front-facing flash above the display.. The gold metal trim has beveled edges on the top and bottom so it looks good and feels great in the hand. There is a USB Type-C port on the bottom with a 3.5mm headset jack up top.. The SIM card/microSD card tray is on the upper left with the power button positioned above that. The volume buttons are on the upper right with the camera capture button centered on the right side. I would prefer to see this camera button in the more natural bottom position on the right as I tend to hit this accidentally and it's centered too far to be easy to activate in landscape photo orientation.. The camera and flash are on the upper back with the camera trimmed in gold. There is a small fingerprint sensor on the back, positioned as we see most of them on devices today. While I've experienced fantastic response on other devices, the sensor misses about half the time on the first try and I have even ended up entering my PIN way more than I would like to.. Alcatel Idol 4S with Windows 10 review: in... 1 - 5 of 20. Alcatel and Idol 4S are on the black back in gold font. The black glass on the back does tend to capture fingerprints, but they are easy to wipe off and I like the color scheme.. The kit you purchase from T-Mobile includes a very comfortable virtual reality headset and some included games and experiences. The headset looks a lot like a Samsung Gear VR headset, but connects to your Idol 4S via Bluetooth so is more like a glorified Google Cardboard headset.. There is a comfortable foam lined face piece and two lenses, along with a very comfortable head strap with nice padding and easy assembly. The Idol 4S easily clamps in place with two buttons serving as controls along the bottom.. If found the buttons to lag in response and often ended up removing the headset to try to activate a button. It's tough to complain when it was included, but the VR experience was definitely pretty basic. If you have never tried it before you may enjoy it, but you won't likely be spending hours in the headset.. Games included on the Idol 4S consist of Captain Fellcraft VR, Tube 360, VR360Gallery, VR360Video, and more. There is a VR store where you can find more content as well and overall I was satisfied with the entire experience.. The Alcatel Idol 4S runs Windows 10 Mobile. Version 107 is included on this T-Mobile phone and overall it runs as expected in 2017. The app gap continues to shrink with universal apps and I was able to get both Bank of America and USAA on the Idol 4S. Other apps I installed that are found on my iPhone and Androids include Alaska Airlines, Evernote, Facebook, Twitter, Fandango, Fitbit, Hilton Honors, Instagram, Facebook Messenger, OneNote, and more. The only app I noticed missing was Snapchat.. I did notice some issues with apps, but think that may be partially due to older apps and Windows 10. For example, while I am furious about Microsoft taking away the Star Wars: Battle for Hoth game I purchased a few years ago, I was able to find and install Fable Coin Golf. Unfortunately, after completing a level the game freezes so it is really not usable.. I also wore a Fitbit Blaze over the past week and was looking forward to a great experience since the Windows 10 Fitbit app is quite mature. The Idol 4S did a terrible job of maintaining a Bluetooth connection and even syncing was a hit and miss affair so the experience was less than optimal.. Email didn't seem to refresh and update as much as it does on iOS and Android while I was also left waiting for updates in other apps. You can definitely get by with Windows 10 Mobile, but the experience can't beat Android and iOS.. The Alcatel Idol 4S for Windows 10 is only $288 at T-Mobile and at that price I will keep it to test out even if it doesn't turn into a daily driver. The Microsoft site sells an unlocked model for $470.. There aren't many other options for Windows 10 Mobile and there is no way you will find an iPhone down in the sub-$300 level. There are compelling low-cost Android phones today, such as the Honor 8, Honor 6X, and Moto G4.. The Alcatel Idol 4S is a very well made handset and no one could believe I picked it up for just $288 as it feels like a $500 phone, which is what it does cost at the Microsoft store. It looks good, feels good, and overall performs reasonably well.. Last year Microsoft promoted using Messaging across phones and computers, but then killed that idea to pursue SMS in Skype. I could not get that to perform consistently on my Surface Pro 4 so my big idea of seamlessly transitioning between the Surface Pro 4 and the Idol 4S didn't pan out as I had hoped.. The camera takes decent photos in good lighting conditions, but can't compare to the smartphones today priced at double the cost of the Idol 4S.. Communications was good overall, but I did notice the volume on the handset speaker for phone calls was quieter than I would like. This was strange as the dual stereo speakers rocked and the headset jack also played loud and clear music.. The Idol 4S is a solid Windows 10 Mobile device and if you are looking for something different to try before all of the new phones start appearing in March and April, then you may want to consider visiting T-Mobile for one.. Kick off your day with ZDNet's daily email newsletter. It's the freshest tech news and opinion, served hot. Fujitsu Lifebook E558 review: Configurable and well-connected. Honor 9 Lite review: Leader of the affordable Android pack. Apple iMac Pro (late 2017) review: An AIO for the Pro crowd. Apple HomePod review: Leaves a stain but not a strong impression. Please review our terms of service to complete your newsletter subscription. By registering you become a member of the CBS Interactive family of sites and you have read and agree to the Terms of Use , Privacy Policy and Video Services Policy. You agree to receive updates, alerts and promotions from CBS and that CBS may share information about you with our marketing partners so that they may contact you by email or otherwise about their products or services.. You will also receive a complimentary subscription to the ZDNet's Tech Update Today and ZDNet Announcement newsletters. You may unsubscribe from these newsletters at any time.. You have been successfully signed up. To sign up for more newsletters or to manage your account, visit the Newsletter Subscription Center .. Privacy Policy | Cookies | Ad Choice | Advertise | Terms of Use | Mobile User Agreement. Select Site CBS Cares CBS Films CBS Radio CBS.com CBSInteractive CBSNews.com CBSSports.com Chowhound CNET College Networks GameSpot Last.fm MaxPreps Metacritic.com Moneywatch mySimon Radio.com Search.com Shopper.com Showtime TechRepublic The Insider TV.com UrbanBaby.com ZDNet. Manage | Log Out. 
How to Block a Number on Any Phone. How to Build Your Smart Home. How to Create an Anonymous Email Account. How to Save Money on Your Cell Phone Plan. How to Set Up Two-Factor Authentication. How to Set Up and Configure Your Wireless Router. Tips Every Amazon Addict Should Know. Hard Drives, Storage, Networking & Backup. Back Antivirus, Safety & Security. Back Browsers & Operating Systems. Best HR Software & Management Systems. Best Self-Service Business Intelligence (BI) Tools. Best Social Media Management & Analytics Tools. Back Cameras & Photo/Video Editing. Best Video Editing Software for Enthusiasts. Best Samsung Galaxy S8 and S8+ Cases. Best Samsung Galaxy Note 8 Cases. Best MacBook Air Cases and Sleeves. Back Smart Home & Wearables. Back Hard Drives, Storage, Networking & Backup. Back Keyboards, Mice, Monitors & Speakers. Back Shows, Events & Holiday. Back TVs & Streaming Media. Best Managed WordPress Web Hosting Services. Best Small Business Web Hosting Services. Alcatel Idol 4S With Windows 10 VR. The Alcatel Idol 4S is a sleek Windows phone packed with powerful hardware, productivity features, and virtual reality capabilities. It's a great choice for T-Mobile users who can overlook the relatively limited app selection. Alcatel Idol 4S With Windows 10 VR. Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. blog comments powered by Disqus. PCMag reviews products independently , but we may earn affiliate commissions from buying links on this page.. View All 9 Photos in Gallery. Fingerprint sensor, dual-band Wi-Fi, and expandable storage. Windows Mobile still lacks many major apps. The Alcatel Idol 4S is a sleek Windows phone packed with powerful hardware, productivity features, and virtual reality capabilities. It's a great choice for T-Mobile users who can overlook the relatively limited app selection.. The Alcatel Idol 4S is one of the first Windows phones to launch in some time, and instead of feeling like the last gasp of a dying OS, it serves as proof that Windows phones are still viable. Exclusive to T-Mobile, it's the same phone on the outside as the Android version we reviewed earlier this year. B ut under the hood it has a more powerful processor and runs Windows 10 Mobile, allowing it to take advantage of unique features like Continuum. It's also the first Windows phone to support virtual and comes with a dedicated VR headset. Overall, the $469.99 Idol 4S is a great device for both entertainment and productivity, held back only by Microsoft's relative lack of mobile apps compared with Android and iOS.. The Idol 4S is a sleek and attractive phone made of two panes of glass held together by a strip of metal running along the sides, resembling the Samsung Galaxy S7 Edge at a glance. It only comes in black, and the understated design gives it a classy look when compared with the bulky plastic build of the HP Elite x3 .. The 4S can be called a phablet at 6.1 by 3.0 by 0.3 inches (HWD) and 5.4 ounces, but it has nothing on the gigantic Elite x3 (6.3 by 3.3 by 0.3 inches, 6.8 ounces). Its dimensions are identical to the Google Pixel XL , and both phones are a little too wide to reach across with your thumb. A long press on the Start button launches one-handed mode, which cuts the screen in half to give you easier access to live tiles.. View All 9 Photos in Gallery. A SIM/microSD card slot sits on the left side of the phone along with a power button, and it worked fine with a 256GB Samsung Evo+ card. On the right you'll find a volume rocker, along with a circular button that served as the programmable BoomKey on the Android Idol 4S. Here it's been repurposed to launch the camera from the home screen and to act as a shutter key when the camera app is open. A USB-C charging port can be found on the bottom, and there's a 3.5mm audio jack up top.. Among its notable physical features, the Idol 4S has both back- and front-facing speakers on the top and bottom edges. Audio quality is excellent, possessing depth of sound and higher volume than most phones on the market. It's rivaled only by the booming front speakers on the ZTE Axon 7 .. The back is home to a fingerprint sensor, powered by Windows Hello. Registering a fingerprint isn't much different than in Android or iOS — you simply scan your digit and set up a PIN code as a backup. I found the sensor to be a bit slower and less accurate than on the Pixel XL and Apple iPhone 7 Plus , though, requiring more tries to unlock.. The Idol 4S has a crisp 5.5-inch, 1,920-by-1,080 AMOLED display with excellent viewing angles and rich colors. The resolution works out to 401 pixels per inch ( ), which isn't as sharp as the Quad HD panel on the 6-inch Elite x3 (494ppi) or the 5.5-inch Axon 7 but matches the 1080p display on the iPhone 7 Plus. The dark theme favored by the Windows 10 UI looks particularly good, thanks to AMOLED's ability to only light up pixels when needed.. The 4S is the first Windows phone with a VR focus and a headset comes included in the box. It's made of sturdy white plastic with a plush velcro strap. The phone clicks in easily, but unlike the Android Idol it doesn't automatically recognize it's been placed into the headset.. The VR Launcher app allows you to play games and view 360-degree photos and videos, but I found the capacitive forward and back buttons on the bottom of the headset were often unresponsive. In some they didn't seem to work at all, while in others they functioned, but lacked haptic feedback. The headset is comfortable, and playing games and watching video on it is enjoyable, though I did notice some pixelation more than I did with the Quad HD Android version of the phone.. Along with the preloaded VR Gallery, Video, and Launcher apps, there's also a VR Store, allowing you to download more games and 360-degree media. Many popular VR games that can be found in the Google Play Store like Insidious VR, Flight Simulator, and Sisters: A Virtual Reality Ghost Story, aren't available. It's a microcosm of the same issue we've encountered with app availability on Windows phones in general.. The Idol 4S is exclusive to T-Mobile, and its selection of LTE bands makes that particularly clear. It only supports bands 2/4/12, the same as entry-level carrier phones like the LG K7. You'll get a much more comprehensive set of LTE bands on the Axon 7 and HP Elite and with them better download and upload speeds. In our testing in midtown Manhattan, we largely recorded download speeds in the single digits. The phone also supports dual-band Wi-Fi, but not NFC.. Transmissions are loud and clear on both ends, and there's no crackling or distortion. Noise cancellation is also excellent, with some faint wind noise being the only background sound that came across. Earpiece volume is loud, and the speakerphone is thunderous.. The 4S is powered by a Qualcomm Snapdragon 820 processor clocked at 2.15GHz with 4GB of RAM. It's a powerful chipset you'll also find on the Axon 7, Elite x3, S7 Edge, and other high-end phones. But because of the lack of benchmark test apps available for Windows Mobile devices, it's difficult to gauge performance against Android phones. I ran JetStream in the Edge browser and received an excellent score of 61.6, outperforming both the Axon 7 (43.3) and the Elite x3 (60.7).. In real-world the 4S proved to be smooth and responsive. It had no issue launching apps, multitasking, and playing demanding games like Asphalt 8. I was also able to run Continuum with very little lag. More on that in the next section.. See How We Test Cell Phones. The phone clocked 6 hours of full-screen video streaming over LTE at maximum brightness. That's as long as the Axon 7, but nowhere near the Elite x3, which lasted for 9 hours and 58 minutes. That said, I found the Idol's battery life to be more than sufficient for an average day's use. Qualcomm Quick Charge 3.0 is supported with the included adapter, allowing the phone to be charged to full in roughly 90 minutes.. The 4S has a 21-megapixel rear camera that proves to be a decent but doesn't do much to distinguish itself. Pictures taken outdoors are but somewhat soft in direct sunlight. Color reproduction and auto exposure are well balanced, though, avoiding the oversaturation of the Axon 7. Low-light shots are but don't come close to matching the camera on the S7 Edge.. The phone is also capable of recording 4K video at 30fps. There's no optical image stabilization, but the digital image stabilization did well to keep video smooth and stable as I panned around. The 8-megapixel front-facing camera takes generally good, clear pictures both indoors and out. It's great for video chat and selfies.. Windows 10 Mobile is an operating system you simply don't see much of, which is a pity because it's a smooth and intuitive OS. The phone's home screen is composed of live tiles, which are resizable and update automatically with new information. Swiping to the right takes you to a list of all apps and a search bar, and pulling down the notification shade gives you a quick overview of recent activity and settings toggles.. The phone itself is relatively free of bloatware. You get Microsoft's useful suite of apps like Excel, Skype, Word, and Xbox. There are also nine VR apps from Alcatel, a T-Mobile account app, Hulu Plus, and Uber. Only the latter two apps and two VR games can be uninstalled. That leaves you with 58.2GB free out of a total of 64GB of storage, which is an ample amount of room, and you can always add a microSD card.. Some of the more interesting aspects of Windows 10 Mobile include the Cortana voice assistant and Continuum. Cortana managed to answer most basic questions like, "When is the presidential election?" and "Who is the Democratic presidential candidate?" and perform commands like, "add an event to my calendar." But generally, Cortana can't fully match the capabilities of Google Assistant, because Assistant has access to Google Search, Google Map, Google Calendar, and a range of other widely used Google services. We also experienced two app crashes while testing Cortana.. Windows Continuum allows you to hook the Idol 4S up to a monitor using a dock (not included) and run Windows off of your phone. It's a great for productivity, allowing you to create Word documents, work on Excel spreadsheets, and browse the Web on a larger screen with mouse and keyboard as your input devices. There are some instances of lag, but generally, the Idol 4S ran in Continuum without any trouble. You won't find a feature like this on either Android or iOS.. Despite all of its innovations, Windows 10 Mobile still has one major problem: Apps. Even outside of Continuum there aren't nearly as many mobile apps available from Microsoft as there are from Apple or Google. Notable omissions include every single Google app, which is a big loss for anyone who relies on the company's services. Other missing apps include eBay, Lyft, Reddit, and Snapchat.. For $470, the Alcatel Idol 4S is the best Windows phone you can buy, offering T-Mobile users a sleek build, powerful hardware, VR capabilities, and extensive productivity features. The only other new Windows phone on the market, the HP Elite x3, is a powerful device, but it's big, expensive, and primarily geared toward enterprise users rather than everyday consumers. In the Android world, the best alternative is the unlocked, Editors' Choice-winning ZTE Axon 7, which gets you a metal unibody build, a higher-resolution display, and a far more comprehensive selection of apps, including the all-important Google services. The Android version of the Idol 4S is another good option, though it has a weaker processor and less RAM. Overall, the Idol 4S is an excellent phone for entertainment and productivity, but we only recommend it if you can live with the relatively limited app selection.. Alcatel Idol 4S With Windows 10 VR. Bottom Line: The Alcatel Idol 4S is a sleek Windows phone packed with powerful hardware, productivity features, and virtual reality capabilities. It's a great choice for T-Mobile users who can overlook the relatively limited app selection.. Ajay Kumar is PCMag's Analyst obsessed with all things mobile. Ajay reviews phones, tablets, accessories, and just about any other gadget that can be carried around with you. In his spare time he games on the rig he built himself, collects Nintendo amiibos, and tries his hand at publishing a novel. Hands On: Alcatel Series 5, 3, 1 Phones, 1T Tablets, Linkzone Hotspots. Skyroam Tips $99 4G Roaming Subscription Service. Alcatel Idol 4S With Windows 10... Alcatel Idol 4S With Windows 10 VR. PCMag reviews products independently , but we may earn affiliate commissions from buying links on this page.. Get Our Best Stories! Email Sign Up. Subscribe to What's New Now. This newsletter may contain advertising, deals, or affiliate links. Subscribing to a newsletter indicates your consent to our Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. You may unsubscribe from the newsletters at any time.. Tech on a Budget: 35 Gift Ideas Under $20. 28 Hidden iOS 11 Tips You Need to Know. 13 Must-Have Tech Gifts Under $50. 10 Games Every Nintendo Switch Player Needs. TV Shows to Watch if You Love 'Stranger Things'. How to Master iOS 11's New Control Center. How to Play DVDs in Windows 10. How to Stop Blue Light From Disturbing Your Sleep. PC, PC Magazine and PC PCMag.com are among the federally registered trademarks of Ziff Davis, LLC and may not be used by third parties without explicit permission.. We have updated our PRIVACY POLICY and encourage you to read it by clicking here .. 
Free Amazon Fire TV 4K w/ 1 month of DirecTV Now. Forums Shop Toggle Search. Order Xbox One X | Surface Book 2 NEW Dell XPS 13. t f p i r Download App Podcast Tip Us!. Log in or Sign up Fewer ads and it's free!. Lumias are on sale again in the Microsoft Store? 661 L950 or 950 xl ? 2018 241 Do I have a virus?! 212 Xbox us for uk 200 PWA on windows phone 199 Virus on lumia 950? 198. Forum Phones More Windows Phones Alcatel Phones Alcatel Idol 4S. 1 2 3 ... Official Idol 4S Picture & Video thread. last post by Nate W. Alcatel Idol 4S Specs & Features. What Cases or Accessories are you getting?. last post by Bill Brooks. Using the Idol 4s with W10M on AT&T?. last post by Lou Sander. Alcatel Idol Pro 4s IMS: Not registered. Newbie Can't Save to SD Card from Computer. last post by Lou Sander. last post by Partha Goswami1. last post by Nate W. Alcatel Idol 4S pictures not syncing with OneDrive. Is this phone ever getting any insider updates?. last post by Al moon. last post by Al moon. My GOD! Has anyone ever successfully unlocked this phone?!. Who is eyeing an Alcatel Idol 4S. last post by gvp 1995. last post by gvp 1995. Where can i find cases for Alcatel Idol 4s Windows 10 phone?. last post by Dono Newcomb. Should I buy an Alcatel Idol 4S?. last post by gvp 1995. Slow data on WiFi Idol 4s - any guesses why?. How do we get the audio working again?. Cortana missing (?!) from a new Alcatel Idol 4S purchased from Microsoft Store. Unable to pair anything with Bluetooth?. last post by nick popplewell. 1 2 3 ... Forum Phones More Windows Phones Alcatel Phones Alcatel Idol 4S. Last Day Last 2 Days Last Week Last 10 Days Last 2 Weeks Last Month Last 45 Days Last 2 Months Last 75 Days Last 100 Days Last Year Beginning. Use this control to limit the display of threads to those newer than the specified time frame.. Sort threads by: Thread Title Last Post Time Thread Start Time Number of Replies Number of Views Thread Starter Thread Rating. Allows you to choose the data by which the thread list will be sorted.. Ascending Order Descending Order. Note: when sorting by date, 'descending order' will show the newest results first.. Contact Us Windows Central Top. The time now is 06:15 AM .. Digital Point modules: Sphinx-based search. Mobile Nations 500M. Copyright 2018 Mobile Nations Terms and Conditions Privacy Policy Your Ad Choices Careers: Writer | Dev Licensing External Links Disclosure Advertising Partner. 
Bing Community Participation Center Internet Explorer Microsoft Edge Microsoft Education Microsoft Health and Band Mobile Devices MSN Music, Movies & TV Office OneDrive Outlook.com Skype Surface Virus and Malware Windows Windows Essentials Windows Insider Program. Ask a Question Start a Discussion. Tell us about your experience with our site. Alcatel IDOL 4S Windows - Unlocked in india. Will Alcatel IDOL 4S Windows - Unlocked. phone will work in India with 4g support. I have the same question (11). If my answer solve your problem than mark it answer!. Unlocked phones will works on almost all countries sim. The Alcatel One Touch Idol 4S with Windows 10, model. 6071w does not have the LTE bands for India.. Buy online, pick up in store. 
Home Shop MWC News Reviews Features Opinions Videos The Gadgets 360 Show Cell Guru Prime Tech Smartphone Reviews Tech and Gadget Reviews How-To Videos Video Game Reviews and Features Top Lists by Gadgets 360 Unboxing and Hands-On Videos Podcasts Compare Mobiles Phone Finder DEALS. Mobiles Tablets Apps Gaming Cameras PC/Laptops AUDIO/VIDEO How To Telecom Science INDIA INTERNET SOCIAL MEDIA WEARABLES हिंदी. Acer Adcom Alcatel Apple Archos Asus BlackBerry Blu Celkon Coolpad Datawind Fly Gionee HTC Huawei iBall iBerry Idea InFocus Intex iVoomi Jivi Karbonn Lava LeEco Lenovo LG Lyf Maxx Mobile Meizu Micromax Microsoft Motorola MTS Nokia Obi Oppo Panasonic Philips Ringing Bells Samsung Sony Spice Swipe Videocon Vivo Wickedleak Xiaomi Xolo Yu Zen Ziox Zopo ZTE. Home Mobiles Phone Finder Alcatel Idol 4S (Windows 10). Alcatel Idol 4S (Windows 10). SPECIFICATIONS USER REVIEWS NEWS. Share on Facebook Tweet Share Share Email Reddit. Alcatel Idol 4S (Windows 10) mobile was launched in November 2016. The phone comes with a 5.50-inch touchscreen display with a resolution of 1080 pixels by 1920 pixels. The Alcatel Idol 4S (Windows 10) is powered by quad-core Qualcomm Snapdragon 820 processor and it comes with 4GB of RAM. The phone packs 64GB of internal storage that can be expanded up to 128GB via a microSD card. As far as the cameras are concerned, the Alcatel Idol 4S (Windows 10) packs a 21-megapixel primary camera on the rear and a 8-megapixel front shooter for selfies. The Alcatel Idol 4S (Windows 10) runs Windows 10 and is powered by a 3000mAh non removable battery. It measures 153.90 x 75.40 x 6.99 (height x width x thickness) and weigh 152.00 grams. The Alcatel Idol 4S (Windows 10) is a dual SIM (GSM). Connectivity options include Wi-Fi, GPS, Bluetooth and 4G. Sensors on the phone include Proximity sensor, Accelerometer, Ambient light sensor and Gyroscope.. Alcatel Idol 4S With Windows 10 Mobile, Qualcomm Snapdragon 820 SoC Launched. More Alcatel mobiles Alcatel mobiles price in India. Alcatel Idol 4S (Windows 10) detailed specifications. Release date November 2016 Form factor Touchscreen Dimensions (mm) 153.90 x 75.40 x 6.99 Weight (g) 152.00 Battery capacity (mAh) 3000 Removable battery No. Screen size (inches) 5.50 Touchscreen Yes Resolution 1080x1920 pixels. Processor quad-core Processor make Qualcomm Snapdragon 820 RAM 4GB Internal storage 64GB Expandable storage Yes Expandable storage type microSD Expandable storage up to (GB) 128. Rear camera 21-megapixel Rear Flash Dual LED Front camera 8-megapixel Front Flash LED. Wi-Fi Yes Wi-Fi standards supported 802.11 a/b/g/n/ac GPS Yes Bluetooth Yes, v 4.10 NFC No Infrared No USB OTG No FM No Number of SIMs 2 SIM 1 GSM/CDMA GSM 3G No 4G/ LTE Yes Supports 4G in India (Band 40) No SIM 2 3G No 4G/ LTE No Supports 4G in India (Band 40) No. Compass/ Magnetometer No Proximity sensor Yes Accelerometer Yes Ambient light sensor Yes Gyroscope Yes Barometer No Temperature sensor No. Error or missing information? Please let us know. User ratings and reviews for Alcatel Idol 4S (Windows 10). 5 Out of 5. 5 Star 1 4 Star 3 Star 2 Star 1 Star. Alcatel Idol 4S With Windows 10 Mobile, Qualcomm Snapdragon 820 SoC Launched. Alcatel 5 Alcatel 3V Alcatel 3X Alcatel 3 Alcatel 1X Alcatel 3C Alcatel A7 XL Alcatel A7 Alcatel Idol 5 Alcatel Idol 5S Alcatel U5 HD Alcatel Idol 4 Pro Alcatel A30 Plus Alcatel Idol 5S Alcatel A50 Alcatel Flash Alcatel U5 Alcatel A5 LED Alcatel A3 Alcatel A3 XL Alcatel Pixi 4 Plus Power Alcatel Pixi 4 (5) Alcatel XL Alcatel Shine Lite Alcatel X1 Alcatel Pop Star Alcatel Pop 4S Alcatel Pop 4+ Alcatel Pop 4. Alcatel Idol 4S (Windows 10) Comparison. Alcatel Idol 4s Windows 10 vs. Apple iPhone 7 Alcatel Idol 4s Windows 10 vs. Motorola Moto Z Alcatel Idol 4 Pro vs. Alcatel Idol 4s Windows 10 vs. Alcatel Idol 4 Alcatel Idol 4s Windows 10 vs. Alcatel Idol 4 Alcatel Idol 4s Windows 10 vs. Vivo Y55l Alcatel Idol 4s Windows 10 vs. Alcatel Idol 4 Alcatel Idol 4s Windows 10 vs. LG G3 A Oneplus 3t vs. Alcatel Idol 4s Windows 10 vs. Alcatel Idol 4 Alcatel Idol 4s Windows 10 vs. Samsung Galaxy C9 Pro Alcatel Idol 4s Windows 10 vs. Samsung Galaxy C9 Pro vs. Nokia 7 Plus Is an Android One Phone With Dual Rear Cameras, Zeiss Optics Samsung Galaxy S9, Galaxy S9+ Pre-Orders Now Open in India Samsung Galaxy S9, Galaxy S9+ With Improved Cameras, AR Emoji Launched Nokia 7 Plus vs Nokia 7 Sony Xperia XZ2, Xperia XZ2 Compact With 18:9 Displays Launched at MWC Nokia 8110 4G Is a 'Slider' Feature Phone With Google, Facebook Apps Mi MIX 2S With Snapdragon 845 Confirmed by Xiaomi; Launching on March 27 OnePlus 5, OnePlus 5T HD Content Streaming Issue Fixed, With a Catch Sony Unveils Xperia Ear Duo to Answer Apple AirPods, Samsung Gear IconX Vodafone to Offer 4.5GB Data Per Day for 28 Days at Rs. Samsung phones price list Lyf phones price list Micromax phones price list Sony phones price list Htc phones price list Lenovo phones price list Intex phones price list Lava phones price list Apple phones price list Nokia phones price list Xolo phones price list Lg phones price list Vivo phones price list Oppo phones price list Gionee phones price list Motorola phones price list Blackberry phones price list Xiaomi phones price list. Sitemaps Archives Advertise About Us Feedback Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions Complaint Redressal Careers Contact Us RSS Ethics Alcatel Idol 4S (Windows 10) in Hindi. © Copyright Red Pixels Ventures Limited 2018. Subject Comments. 
Our new search experience requires JavaScript to be enabled. Please enable JavaScript on your browser , then try again .. All Categories Antiques Art Baby Books Business & Industrial Cameras & Photo Cell Phones & Accessories Clothing, Shoes & Accessories Coins & Paper Money Collectibles Computers/Tablets & Networking Consumer Electronics Crafts Dolls & Bears DVDs & Movies eBay Motors Entertainment Memorabilia Gift Cards & Coupons Health & Beauty Home & Garden Jewelry & Watches Music Musical Instruments & Gear Pet Supplies Pottery & Glass Real Estate Specialty Services Sporting Goods Sports Mem, Cards & Fan Shop Stamps Tickets & Experiences Toys & Hobbies Travel Video Games & Consoles Everything Else. Hi ( Sign in to bid or buy) Daily Deals Gift Cards Help & Contact Sell. Summary Recently Viewed Bids/Offers Watch List Purchase History Selling Saved Searches Saved Sellers Messages. Refine your search for alcatel idol 4s windows. All Listings - Current page. results for alcatel idol 4s windows. Save alcatel idol 4s windows to get e-mail alerts and updates on your eBay Feed.. Unfollow alcatel idol 4s windows to stop getting updates on your eBay Feed.. You'll receive email and Feed alerts when new items arrive. Afghanistan - AFG Albania - ALB Algeria - DZA American Samoa - ASM Andorra - AND Angola - AGO Anguilla - AIA Antigua and Barbuda - ATG Argentina - ARG Armenia - ARM Aruba - ABW Australia - AUS Austria - AUT Azerbaijan Republic - AZE Bahamas - BHS Bahrain - BHR Bangladesh - BGD Barbados - BRB Belarus - BLR Belgium - BEL Belize - BLZ Benin - BEN Bermuda - BMU Bhutan - BTN Bolivia - BOL Bosnia and Herzegovina - BIH Botswana - BWA Brazil - BRA British Virgin Islands - VGB Brunei Darussalam - BRN Bulgaria - BGR Burkina Faso - BFA Burma - MMR Burundi - BDI Cambodia - KHM Cameroon - CMR Canada - CAN Cape Verde Islands - CPV Cayman Islands - CYM Central African Republic - CAF Chad - TCD Chile - CHL China - CHN Colombia - COL Comoros - COM Congo, Democratic Republic of the - COD Congo, Republic of the - COG Cook Islands - COK Costa Rica - CRI Cote d Ivoire (Ivory Coast) - CIV Croatia, Republic of - HRV Cyprus - CYP Czech Republic - CZE Denmark - DNK Djibouti - DJI Dominica - DMA Dominican Republic - DOM Ecuador - ECU Egypt - EGY El Salvador - SLV Equatorial Guinea - GNQ Eritrea - ERI Estonia - EST Ethiopia - ETH Falkland Islands (Islas Malvinas) - FLK Fiji - FJI Finland - FIN France - FRA French Guiana - GUF French Polynesia - PYF Gabon Republic - GAB Gambia - GMB Georgia - GEO Germany - DEU Ghana - GHA Gibraltar - GIB Greece - GRC Greenland - GRL Grenada - GRD Guadeloupe - GLP Guam - GUM Guatemala - GTM Guernsey - GGY Guinea - GIN Guinea-Bissau - GNB Guyana - GUY Haiti - HTI Honduras - HND Hong Kong - HKG Hungary - HUN Iceland - ISL India - IND Indonesia - IDN Ireland - IRL Israel - ISR Italy - ITA Jamaica - JAM Japan - JPN Jersey - JEY Jordan - JOR Kazakhstan - KAZ Kenya - KEN Kiribati - KIR Korea, South - KOR Kuwait - KWT Kyrgyzstan - KGZ Laos - LAO Latvia - LVA Lebanon - LBN Liechtenstein - LIE Lithuania - LTU Luxembourg - LUX Macau - MAC Macedonia - MKD Madagascar - MDG Malawi - MWI Malaysia - MYS Maldives - MDV Mali - MLI Malta - MLT Marshall Islands - MHL Martinique - MTQ Mauritania - MRT Mauritius - MUS Mayotte - MYT Mexico - MEX Micronesia - FSM Moldova - MDA Monaco - MCO Mongolia - MNG Montenegro - MNE Montserrat - MSR Morocco - MAR Mozambique - MOZ Namibia - NAM Nauru - NRU Nepal - NPL Netherlands - NLD Netherlands Antilles - ANT New Caledonia - NCL New Zealand - NZL Nicaragua - NIC Niger - NER Nigeria - NGA Niue - NIU Norway - NOR Oman - OMN Pakistan - PAK Palau - PLW Panama - PAN Papua New Guinea - PNG Paraguay - PRY Peru - PER Philippines - PHL Poland - POL Portugal - PRT Puerto Rico - PRI Qatar - QAT Reunion - REU Romania - ROU Russian Federation - RUS Rwanda - RWA Saint Helena - SHN Saint Kitts-Nevis - KNA Saint Lucia - LCA Saint Pierre and Miquelon - SPM Saint Vincent and the Grenadines - VCT San Marino - SMR Saudi Arabia - SAU Senegal - SEN Serbia - SRB Seychelles - SYC Sierra Leone - SLE Singapore - SGP Slovakia - SVK Slovenia - SVN Solomon Islands - SLB Somalia - SOM South Africa - ZAF Spain - ESP Sri Lanka - LKA Suriname - SUR Swaziland - SWZ Sweden - SWE Switzerland - CHE Taiwan - TWN Tajikistan - TJK Tanzania - TZA Thailand - THA Togo - TGO Tonga - TON Trinidad and Tobago - TTO Tunisia - TUN Turkey - TUR Turkmenistan - TKM Turks and Caicos Islands - TCA Tuvalu - TUV Uganda - UGA Ukraine - UKR United Arab Emirates - ARE United Kingdom - UK United States - USA Uruguay - URU Uzbekistan - UZB Vanuatu - VUT Vatican City State - VAT Venezuela - VEN Vietnam - VNM Virgin Islands (U.S) - VIR Wallis and Futuna - WLF Western Sahara - ESH Western Samoa - WSM Yemen - YEM Zambia - ZMB Zimbabwe - ZWE. ALCATEL IDOL 4S 6071W - 64GB - Gold (T-Mobile) 4G LTE Windows 10 Smartphone A. New Alcatel Idol 4s 6071W 64GB T-Mobile Windows 10 Smartphone + Virtual Reality. 2 new & refurbished from $159.99. Alcatel Idol 4S with Windows 10 (T-mobile) 64GB - Good Condition. 2 new & refurbished from $159.99. ALCATEL IDOL 4S 6071W - 64GB - Gold (T-Mobile) 4G LTE Windows 10 Smartphone B. Alcatel Idol 4S 64GB 6071W Black T-Mobile Windows Smartphone Excellent Shape. Alcatel IDOL 4S unlocked with VR goggle package Windows 10 phone. NEW! Unlocked Alcatel IDOL 4S Windows10 w/VR goggle package unopened. Worldwide shipping - Alcatel IDOL 4S Phone w/ Windows 10 + VR Goggle (UNLOCKED). Alcatel IDOL 4S Windows 10 Unlocked Bundled: Microsoft Display Dock & VR Goggles. Alcatel Idol 4s Windows 10 phone 64GB 5.5" screen. Alcatel IDOL 4S Phone w/ Windows 10 + VR Goggle (UNLOCKED) + Free Fast Shipping. Alcatel Idol 4s Windows Phone Gold 64GB VR Headset Kit. Alcatel IDOL 4S Windows 10 OS 5.5 Inch FHD GSM Unlocked 64GB 21MP Camera ... ALCATEL IDOL 4S 6071W - 64GB - Gold (T-Mobile) 4G LTE Windows 10 Smartphone B. 2 new & refurbished from $79.99. ALCATEL IDOL 4S 6071W - 32GB - Gold (T-Mobile ) 4G LTE Windows 10 Smartphone B. ALCATEL IDOL 4S 6071W - 32GB - Gold (T-Mobile ) 4G LTE Windows 10 Smartphone B. Alcatel IDOL 4S Windows 10 OS 5.5 Inch FHD GSM Unlocked 64GB 21MP Camera... Alcatel OneTouch Idol 4s 6071W 64GB T-Mobile bad imei esn Windows 10 Smartphone. Alcatel Idol 4S 6071W 64GB Windows 10 Smartphone + VR Goggles - T-Mobile. 2 new & refurbished from $159.99. Alcatel IDOL 4s Windows 10 Unlocked Phone + VR Goggles factorywarrant y. Alcatel IDOL 4S - Unlocked + VR Goggles Windows 10 6071W. Alcatel Idol 4s 6071W 64GB Unlocked Windows 10 Smartphone BRAND NEW. ALCATEL IDOL 4S WINDOWS 64GB CLEAN IMEI T-MOBILE & METRO PCS. ALCATEL IDOL 4S 6071W - 64GB - Gold (T-Mobile) 4G LTE Windows 10 Smartphone A. Alcatel IDOL 4S Windows 10 OS 5.5 Inch Unlocked Smartphone with VR Goggles New. Alcatel idol 4s Windows 10 Mobile. T-Mobile VR Goggles For Alcatel IDOL4S With Windows 10 - Virtual Reality. 3 new & refurbished from $19.95. Alcatel OneTouch Idol 4s 6071W 64GB T-Mobile Windows 10 Smartphone 9/10. 2 new & refurbished from $159.99. Alcatel OneTouch Idol 4s 6071W 64GB T-Mobile Windows 10 Smartphone Average. 2 new & refurbished from $159.99. Alcatel IDOL 4S Unlocked 32gb/3gb LTE GSM 5.5" Android Smartphone + VR Goggles. Alcatel OneTouch IDOL 4S OT-6071W 64GB T-Mobile Unlocked Smartphone AS-IS GSM ^. ALCATEL OneTouch Idol 3 Global Unlocked 4G LTE Smartphone, 4.7 16GB US warranty. ALCATEL IDOL 4S 6070K - 32GB - Gold (Unlocked) Smartphone. Alcatel Idol 4S 6070O Dual SIM Unlocked Check IMEI A. Alcatel idol 4 with vr goggles. Alcatel Idol 4s Unlocked GSM LTE Smartphone-Dar k Gray + VR Goggles + JBL Headset. NEW Alcatel IDOL 4 S Unlocked 4G LTE Smartphone Virtual Reality Goggles 32GB. Black Alcatel Idol 5s 6060S 32GB 4G LTE 12 MP Crystal Grey T-Mobile Metro PCS. Alcatel IDOL 4S Unlocked 4G LTE Android Smartphone with VR Goggles and JBL. New Cricket Alcatel One Touch Idol 3 4G LTE 16GB Memory Cell Phone - Dark Gray. Alcatel Onetouch Idol 3 4G LTE 4.7" 16GB Global Unlocked Cell Phone. Alcatel IDOL 4S Unlocked 4G LTE Android Smartphone with VR Goggles and... Alcatel IDOL 4S with VR Goggles GSM- AT&T / Tmobile - Android. NEW! ALCATEL ONETOUCH Idol 3 6039S - 2GB - Dark Gray (Unlocked) Smartphone. Alcatel OneTouch Fierce XL 5055W T-Mobile WINDOWS 4G LTE 16GB Blue NEW. Alcatel IDOL 4S Windows 10 OS 5.5 Inch FHD GSM Unlocked 64GB 21MP Camera ... Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Brand New ships in sealed packaging, 2 Year Warranty. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. eBay determines this price through a machine learned model of the product's sale prices within the last 90 days.. eBay determines trending price through a machine learned model of the product’s sale prices within the last 90 days. "New" refers to a brand-new, unused, unopened, undamaged item, and "Used" refers to an item that has been used previously.. Top Rated Plus Sellers with highest buyer ratings Returns, money back Ships in a business day with tracking Learn More. Top Rated Plus Sellers with highest buyer ratings Returns, money back Ships in a business day with tracking Learn More. Not finding what you're looking for? Save alcatel idol 4s windows to get e-mail alerts and updates on your eBay Feed.. $ Enter minimum price to $ Enter maximum price. Please enter a minimum and/or maximum price before continuing.. Site Map Copyright © 1995-2018 eBay Inc. Accessibility , User Agreement , Privacy , Cookies and AdChoice Norton Secured - powered by Verisign. Number of bids and bid amounts may be slightly out of date. See each listing for international shipping options and costs.. 
News, reviews, information and apps for Windows Phone. Review: Alcatel IDOL 4S with Windows 10. Pros and Cons vs Elite x3. x3 comes with a dock (usually). no idea how much support for. At $619 CAD, the IDOL 4S is. a little over half the price of the x3. nicer looking and easier to hold. Pros and Cons vs Lumia 950 / XL. but I barely notice that in daily use. backed by Alcatel (so no idea how much support for bug fixes and firmware updates we’ll get). – but it is a little temperamental. Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus.. Guest reviewer Anthony Fear brings us our first full review of the Alcatel IDOL 4S in Windows 10 Mobile guise, released at first as a T-Mobile exclusive in the USA and then SIM-free for North America. There's still no official release of a 'world' version, but MWC is just around the corner. In the meantime, here's Anthony's assessment of this latest premium Windows 10 Mobile smartphone.. The first thing that strikes you when you. see the IDOL 4S with Windows 10. It’s well made, nicely laid out, but more closely resembles. – it’s a welcome change - but. it’s not the sort of packaging. It’s not stylish, it’s not a thing. it’s pr actical, clear, simple and. The reason for the large box is that the. box thrown in, but right there. This is the first Windows 10 Mobile hardware to feature such a device and it’s an interesting marketing twist.. (OK, I’m going to refer to it as just the 'IDOL. is right there on the top. It’s the first you see when you open the box.. It’s nothing like a typical Lumia. The front and back are both. (not Gorilla Glass but something called 'Dragontrail', in similar vein). it has pleasant metal edges running around the outside. an elegant gold hue that’s not at all tacky. Continuing to unpack the box unveils lots more stuff; pamphlets, information sheets, user guides, and. then we get to the VR headset… make no mistake, Alcatel puts a lot in the box!. The VR is also well made, this is no Google Cardboard - it’s easily on par with devices like the Samsung Gear VR. with protective covers on both the back and front.. Opening the protective covers uncovers even more stuff!. USB C cable and a headset strap.. remove the protective plastic from the front and back of the phone and. screen on the 4S looks great! It’s. FHD (1920 x 1080p), nowhere near the density. ( 2560x1440 p), but nevertheless it’s a. Thanks to Windows 10 Mobile's live tiles and. user interface there is no obvious pixellation. this is a relatively, low res screen by 2017 standards. Unfortunately, despite the use of AMOLED, there is no Glance screen feature, but it does support double-tap-to-wake and high sensitivity (i.e. and the double-tap is not using the motion sensor (like the Elite X3), so it’s not going to wake up accidentally.. A few years ago I wanted big phablets. but over the past year or so I’m finding I’m happiest in the 5.2" (ish). The 5.5" dimensions of the IDOL 4S are quite acceptable for me. It’s slim enough that it sits safely in a cup holder in my car and it’s big enough that my large hands can operate it comfortably.. It’s closest in size to a 950 XL,. with just a few millimeters shaved on the waist and added to the height. The Lumia 950 is my favourite size. but the Elite x3 at 5.96" (screen) was a little too big.. So the 4S sits nicely in the middle, like the 950XL.. Overall, I’m loving the IDOL 4S at the moment. Its superior build and styling are a welcome change from typical Windows Phones (HTC One would be an exception), the Elite x3 really made me appreciate how cheap and flimsy the Lumia 950s. (although Mozo cases do help a little. in that respect) and this device just emphasizes that build quality issue ever more.. I prefer the design on the IDOL 4S over that of the. back means it is slippery on a surface, but I didn’t find it particularly slippery in the hand (unlike the x3, which seemed to want to launch out of my hands at every opportunity).. as their designers intended so I’m not a big fan of cases (exceptions are the Mozo backs on the Lumia 950), but then I am particularly careful with my devices.. If you treat your phones a little less gently then a case would definitely be recommended.. set the IDOL 4S up from scratch (i.e. from a backup) and set about. downloading my usual list of apps. built-in app updates waiting, but no OS or firmware updates were needed. running Windows 10 version 1607 (build. 14393.693) which is the current branch (i.e. So what’s it like to use? Really great! It’s not noticeably faster than my Lumia 950 or 950 XL but. it performs well with no noticeable lag or slowdowns. I also noticed that it doesn’t heat up like the 950 does – probably thanks to. 820 chipset (rather than 808 or 810).. I am still running the stock OS, but over the next few weeks I’ll opt into the 'fast' ring of Windows Insiders and. then compare it directly with the Lumia 950 XL and report back.. HDR imaging is slower* on this device than my (fast ring) 950 XL.. But everything else zips along nicely. I’m popping into and out of my usual assortment of apps throughout the day with no noticeable issues. Noticeably more stable than the X3. Hopefully the 'fast' ring won’t spoil that.. * I have also run into an issue where HDR mode hangs the app. Although you can force close Camera, HDR won’t work until you reboot the phone:. [note from Steve: Anthony's videos are shot in portrait mode. Will remember to slap his wrist next time I get the chance! Sorry - but they get the points across in each case]. I also noticed that Cortana was activating (unintentionally) a lot! Investigations showed that Cortana voice wake up is hyper sensitive. In fact you only have to say ‘Hey’ and the IDOL 4S will launch Cortana. Incidentally I’ve been testing with my Lumia 950/XL and they too respond to a ‘hey’ only command, albeit less frequently than the IDOL 4S. So this issue isn’t specific to the 4S. I’m testing further by training Cortana to my voice, but so far there's no noticeable improvement:. I admit I wasn’t expecting much from the IDOL 4S. disappointing to ‘meh’, and after my disappointment with the 'high end' Bang. & Olfsen speakers on the x3, I wasn’t. But I’m pleased to report that. I was wrong! The speakers are very good (for a cell phone), quite excellent actually. suggest these are probably the best speakers on a Windows handset (they are - Steve).. They handle loud volume with minimal distortion. In fact they have changed the way I. On my Lumia devices I rarely use the speakerphone because it’s not very loud and is very tinny, but with the IDOL 4S I rarely use headphones. as the speakers are so much better.. So now I watch my movies or listen to podcasts using just the speakers.. Round the back of the IDOL 4S we have a 21MP camera (no OIS, unfortunately). It’s no Lumia camera but it’s quite decent, especially in daylight. Low light shots really struggle, with no OIS to keep the phone steady enough for a long exposure.. Here are some sample photos, click each thumbnail to get access to the full-res version:. Steve will have more in terms of a direct imaging comparison with the Lumia 950 XL shortly.. Video capture maxes out at 4K but I've stuck to 1080p for the sample embedded below:. The lack of optical stabilisation is a slight issue, but the good Windows 10 Camera digital stabilisation helps. The clip above was shot without this, the one below was shot WITH the digital EIS turned on, and I've included the same footage from the OIS+EIS-stabilised Lumia 950 XL as well:. The larger and higher quality optics on the 950 XL, plus the OIS, clearly make a big difference, but the EIS does help on the IDOL 4S. Steve will return to this subject in his own testing as and when a European IDOL 4S with Windows 10 becomes available.. On the front we have an 8mp camera, it’s a little wider shot than the x3 so you can fit more background in on a Skype call. The IDOL 4S also comes with a front facing flash. Not sure how much use that is? But it’s there if you want it for your dark selfie shots. A couple of typical low light samples, without and with the LED flash (with original JPG rotation - which is curious in itself!). Neither are brilliant - underwhelming, even:. The battery is easily lasting me a full day and would probably go a day and a half of typical use.. Battery life is better than on my 950 XL (perhaps due to lack of glance and lower res screen?) but not quite as good as the x3, which has something of a monster battery.. The IDOL 4S has a built in finger print reader, on the back underneath the camera.. I won’t get into the debate about whether fingerprint readers should be on the front or the back in this review but I will say that the reader on this device is smaller than the one on the x3. and thus is harder to hit correctly. I’ve learned to grip the device in such a way that this is less frequent for me, but this is nowhere as accurate a reader as the ones installed in other flagship devices like the iPhone 7 or Galaxy S7 (in my experience).. The IDOL 4S does not not come with an iris scanner.. time with the VR yet to post a detailed review. What I would say is: don’t buy this phone for the VR features. They work and they are fun to play with, but there is nothing outstanding about the VR experience on this device (compared to the same on the Android version of the IDOL 4S, with a much larger pool of content - Steve).. I love Continuum, it’s a brilliant piece of technology and one I hope Microsoft will improve upon quickly. Microsoft has a head-start here and I hope they don’t waste it. I’m confident other devices like Android will start adding similar features to their devices in the near future – because it’s an obvious productivity boost. (Samsung has something in the works, though Android solutions tend to be awkward bolt-ons - Steve.). The IDOL 4S fully supports both wired and wireless Continuum. Alcatel don’t sell a dock for this device – probably because their target market is consumers and not businesses. I used the Microsoft Display Dock from my Lumia 950 to test and it work flawlessly. In fact I wrote the majority of this review using Continuum and the Alcatel IDOL 4S!. Conclusion: For me the IDOL 4S is the better choice here – even if you have to buy a Microsoft Continum Display Dock, it’s still cheaper.. It’s just generally an all round better value device than the x3.. For me this is a much tougher comparison.. It’s a close call, but for me, if you are looking for a new Windows phone then I’d suggest picking up the IDOL 4S (below, centre). It’s the best all round Windows phone currently available,. and will be my daily smartphone going forwards.. Thanks, Anthony - as and when this gets released in Europe (i.e. with full support for European LTE bands), I'll give it my own formal AAWP review treatment, of course!. Reviewed by Steve Litchfield at 7:28 UTC, February 22nd 2017. Home > Reviews > Alcatel IDOL 4S with Windows 10. Platforms: General Categories: Hardware. Wileyfox Pro (part 1: pitch, hardware, performance). Alcatel IDOL 4 Pro - part 4 (software, performance, issues, verdict). Alcatel IDOL 4 Pro - part 2 (still imaging). Alcatel IDOL 4 Pro - part 1 (hardware). Long term verdict - Alcatel IDOL 4S 'with Windows 10'. GDrive.NET UWP - Google Drive and Photos. HP Elite x3 system: Wrap-up, but not a final verdict. HP Elite x3 Lap Dock part 2 (real world use). HP Elite x3 Lap Dock pt1 (hardware). Copyright (©) All About Windows Phone 2011-2017. All About Windows Phone provides an independent source of news, reviews, apps and more to the Windows Phone ecosystem.. Get in touch: Contact Page , Email , Twitter or Facebook .. This website is not in any way endorsed by Microsoft. Windows Phone and all Windows Phone marks and logos are trademarks of Microsoft. 
NotebookReview TabletPCReview Brighthand DigitalCameraReview DesktopReview PrinterComparison TechnologyGuide. Best Cheap Laptops and Tablets of 2015. Home > Topics > Smartphone > Alcatel > Smartphone Reviews > Alcatel Idol 4S with Windows 10 Review. Alcatel Idol 4S with Windows 10 Review. Rating 1 to 10, top score 10. Decent build and design Good battery Excellent performance Powerful speakers. Even with its underwhelming VR, the Alcatel Idol 4S with Windows 10 is a good option at a great price. It's best for Windows 10 Mobile devotees however, as it doesn't offer enough to sway Android and iOS users to the Windows platform.. Alcatel Idol 4s with Windows 10 Build & Design. Alcatel Idol 4s with Windows 10 Display. Alcatel Idol 4s with Windows 10 Performance. Alcatel Idol 4s with Windows 10 Software Features. Alcatel Idol 4s with Windows 10 Battery. Alcatel Idol 4s with Windows 10 Camera. Alcatel Idol 4s with Windows 10 Value. Alcatel Idol 4s with Windows 10 Review Conclusion. The Alcatel Idol 4S with Windows 10 arrives just in time for Windows phone fans. Before it, there were only three decent hardware options: the year-old Lumia 950 XL , and the expensive HP Elite X3.. The Idol 4S has a quad-core Qualcomm Snapdragon 820 processor with 4GB RAM. That power and memory combo rivals the high-end Android handsets from earlier in the year, like the excellent Samsung Galaxy S7 edge.. If that weren’t enough, at $469, the Idol 4S doesn’t break the bank. It also supports VR, and ships with a basic viewer.. We took an Alcatel Idol 4S with Windows 10 review unit for a spin. Find out what else there’s to know about this T-Mobile-exclusive Windows 10 phone.. Alcatel Idol 4s with Windows 10 all-glass back. This Windows 10 mobile device looks and feels great. The Alcatel Idol 4S with Windows 10 has a 5.5-inch display with a black glass back panel and faint-gold metal strip running along the sides. Both glass panels are slightly tempered, and Idol 4S is almost entirely symmetrical outside of the camera bump, and buttons along the edges.. It measures 6 x 2.9 x .27 inches, and weighs .33 pounds.. The front panel is buttonless, sporting the 5.5-inch display and appropriately-sized bezels, 8-megapixel front-facing camera and sensors, and two front-facing speakers.. The rear panel also sports two speakers, along with the 21-megapixel back camera, flash, fingerprint sensor, and Alcatel branding.. The 3.5mm audio port and pin-hole mic sit on the top, between two antenna stripes, while the USB Type-C connector and another pin-hole mic sit on the bottom, also between two antenna stripes.. The left side houses the power button, and the SIM/microSD card tray (pin release), and the right houses the single-piece volume rocker as well as a quick-launch camera button.. Alcatel Idol 4s with Windows 10 camera quick-launch button. Alcatel Idol 4s with Windows 10 power button. Alcatel Idol 4s with Windows 10 3.5mm audio port. Alcatel Idol 4S with Windows 10 USB Type-C. The Alcatel Idol 4S with Windows 10 has a Dragontrail glass display, which is similar to Gorilla Glass. However, you’ll still want to invest in a case. A few drops can crack and shatter the rear glass panel, and it’s a fingerprint magnet besides.. It’s comfortable to hold and use. Everything is where it should be. We appreciate the quick-launch camera button, which can open and snap pics from a locked screen — it saves time, and fumbling through a lock screen and touchscreen can often result in missing the perfect pic. The camera bump is a bit much, but that’s a minor quibble.. Alcatel Idol 4S with Windows 10 camera bump. The Alcatel Idol 4S with Windows 10 has a 5.5-inch AMOLED display with a 1920 x 1080 resolution, which results in about 400 pixels per inch.. Alcatel Idol 4s with Windows 10 5.5-inch AMOLED display. Viewed head on, it’s a fine display with the typical AMOLED attributes: deep blacks and saturated colors. Those go well with the colorful Windows 10 tile-based interface. But it also suffers from some of the same issues that affect the AMOLED panels found on cheaper and older devices. Whites are off, with warmer tones dominating straight ahead, and colder tones appearing at angles.. The display is not very bright, though it’s not a problem. AMOLED’s contrast helps visibility in direct sunlight. You can see the Alcatel Idol 4S with Windows 10 display outdoors as fine as any other smartphone.. All told, it’s a good display competing in a market with excellent and amazing displays. The speakers are also very good. In fact, they are some of the best we’ve tested in recent years. They emit robust sound, and are loud enough to fill a room, with only limited distortion at the extremes.. With a quad-core Qualcomm Snapdragon 820 chipset (2.15 GHz) and 4GB RAM, the Alcatel Idol 4S with Windows 10 rivals the early 2016 flagships on paper. The Samsung Galaxy S7 and S7 edge have the same specs, for example.. It’s tough to draw any conclusions based on direct comparisons with those Android-based smartphones, given this Alcatel Idol 4S runs Windows 10. The cross platform AnTuTu benchmark puts it slightly behind both the S7 edge and more powerful Google Pixel XL with its Snapdragon 821. A closer look at the benchmark reveals our Alcatel Idol 4S with Windows 10 review unit struggled during the 3D portion of the test (primarily used for gaming), but performed comparably in the UX (for data processing and overall user experience), CPU (for complex apps and multitasking), and RAM (system speed). That’s not bad, considering those phones cost hundreds more.. AnTuTu is a cross platform benchmark that measures overall system performance.. AnTuTu 3D is a cross platform benchmark that measures graphical performance. AnTuTu CPU is a cross platform benchmark that measures complex app and multitasking performance. AnTuTu RAM is a cross platform benchmark that measures system speed. AnTuTu UX is a cross platform benchmark that measures user experience. And that measures up to what we experienced using it. The Windows 10 smartphone ran smooth, and easily handled all the apps we threw at it, even in Continuum mode on a larger display. It also ran demanding 3D games like Modern Combat 5 well enough that they were playable, but they were slightly janky compared against the same games running on the Android smartphones.. The phone ships 64GB internal storage, with microSD expansions support. Our Alcatel Idol 4S with Windows 10 review unit came with about 53GB free out of the box. The fingerprint sensor proved fast and reliable in testing. It’s not as good as Huawei’s though, which remains the mobile industry standard.. True to its name, the Alcatel Idol 4S with Windows 10 runs the mobile version of Windows 10. Unfortunately, it’s pretty close to dead as an OS can be, given its poor market penetration. This manifests itself with apps, or more specifically, the app gap.. You won’t find any of Google’s apps in the Windows Store. So that means no Gmail, Chrome, YouTube, or Google Photos. HBO Go, Pinterest, and Snapchat are all missing as well, just to name a few. You can also bet that any new or innovative apps and games probably won’t be coming to Windows before Android or iOS, if at all.. Granted, there are workarounds and third-party apps to partially fill the gap, but the situation is bad. Microsoft is pushing its universal Windows platform for apps running across Windows 10, Windows 10 Mobile, Xbox, and more, so there’s some hope it’ll get better. Beyond apps, Windows 10 Mobile is a really good operating system, and we can see why users stick with it. It’s intuitive and looks great on small displays. Cortana is legit, and Continuum is one of our favorite mobile features.. We tested Continuum using a Huawei MateDock and cheap HDTV, as well as the Connect app on various Windows 10 Anniversary Update PCs. Continuum worked as advertised, essentially resurrecting Windows RT, running ARM-based Windows 10 on the big screen. Even though Microsoft has a few kinks to work out (display scaling issues, too many unsupported apps), it’s easy to see the potential. Office apps run great, as does the Edge browser. That’s about 90% of what we’d use it for anyway.. The Alcatel Idol 4S with Windows 10 is also the only Windows 10 smartphone to ship with a VR viewer. In reality, the viewer is just plastic, padding, and lenses, similar to the new Google Daydream View. It’s comfortable enough, and that’s all we can specifically say about it.. That’s because like the Pixel smartphone, or the Samsung phones and the Gear VR , the Idol 4S does the heavy lifting for the VR effect. It ships with a few VR apps, with a few more available for download. They are all very underwhelming and buggy. In fact, it’s a step below early Google Cardboard efforts.. Alcatel Idol 4S with Windows 10 VR viewer. Still, it’s hard to fault Alcatel for including it with the Idol 4S. If you’re going to buy a Windows 10 mobile device, might as well get the one with VR support, even if it’s kinda lousy, right? It’s not like it takes anything away from the overall smartphone experience.. This Windows 10 smartphone as a 3000mAh battery, which should easily provide all day battery life. Our Alcatel Idol 4S with Windows 10 review unit lasted exactly 9 hours streaming video over Wi-Fi with the display brightness set to max. This is near the minimum you’ll get out of the device on a single charge. Anything more than 8 hours is good, with the best phones achieving upwards of 20 hours.. The device features Quick Charge, and we were able to snag 26% battery from a dead device after charging for 15 minutes. Most smartphones with this feature can hit 40%.. Twenty-one megapixels is a lot, but it’s not the only spec that matters. Aperture and pixel size also count toward picture quality, and here the Alcatel Idol 4S with Windows 10 suffers.. Alcatel didn’t publish the pixel sizes, though the general tradeoff suggests more pixels means smaller pixels. Smaller pixels have less surface area, and absorb less light than larger pixels. In the tradeoff between more pixels and larger pixels, we generally prefer larger pixels.. The smartphone takes photos at f/2.2, which is a smaller aperture than even most mid-range smartphones. Read our Pixel XL review on how this and pixel size matter specifically, but the end result is the Alcatel Idol 4S takes lousy low-light photographs.. See the comparison against the Galaxy S7 edge , which is the reigning low-light champ.. Alcatel Idol 4S with Windows 10 low-light photo. Samsung Galaxy S7 edge low-light photo. Both photos were taken at the same time. In fact, it was very hard to take the picture with our Alcatel Idol 4S with Windows 10 review unit because the display appeared near pitch black. We even took a screenshot of this effect. There’s a dog lying in there somewhere:. Alcatel Idol 4S with Windows 10, taking pic in low light. In order to see anything in low-light through the display, you have to use the focus light. In standard lighting, the Alcatel Idol 4S fares better. Photos are acceptable to halfway decent. We expected sharper photos, and colors are on the drab side compared against similar smartphones in its class however.. Alcatel Idol 4S with Windows 10 sample photo. Alcatel Idol 4S with Windows 10 sample photo. At $469, the Alcatel Idol 4S with Windows 10 is a good value compared against other Windows 10 Mobile devices. The older Lumia 950 XL with a weaker Snapdragon 810 chipset and only 32GB storage hovers around that price as of this writing, while the similar HP Elite X3 starts at around $600, and ships with a desk dock for Continuum.. The Huawei MateDock we used for Continuum costs about $90, and cheaper abound.. Of course, the Alcatel Idol 4S with Windows 10 is T-Mobile exclusive, while the others are GSM unlocked. We can’t confirm it, but the Idol 4S has the specs to potentially connect to AT&T for a slower connection (the Idol 4S doesn’t support AT&T’s main LTE band).. It has a great design, quality build, smooth performance, and decent battery life. Its speakers impress, while the display is good enough. Those are six good reasons to recommend the Alcatel Idol 4S with Windows 10 over the rest of Windows phone competition. Its low price is the seventh.. We can’t recommend it beyond Windows 10 devotees. There’s no reason to switch from Android or iOS for this phone. Its camera is mediocre, and the VR is underwhelming. Perhaps more important, there’s no reason to jump into Windows 10 Mobile right now anyway, even with Continuum’s potential. The Windows app gap is all too limiting.. Keep in mind, Alcatel offers an Android variant of the Idol 4S for $400. It has a higher display resolution, but only 3GB RAM and 32GB capacity. Still for that price, it’s a great value.. All content posted on TechnologyGuide is granted to TechnologyGuide with electronic publishing rights in perpetuity, as all content posted on this site becomes a part of the community.. December 1, 2016 at 3:22 pm. I appreciate where you are coming from, but The VR experience excited my friends and family! And the continuum experience excited my colleagues! Its flawless in everyway. Not sure where you got the mediocre camera ideas. If there were a personality test for windows phone users, I’m sure it would w that we are extraordinarily stubborn!. December 2, 2016 at 6:52 am. Thanks for the feedback… It’s definitely a good phone.. About the camera, take a look at our Google Pixel XL review. The picture of the coconut pirate exemplifies the issues. The Pixel XL picture has deep contrasts and the colors pop. The pirate almost looks meaner, with severe shadows and a true black beard. The same pic taken by the Idol 4S looks drab and washed out.. TabletPCReview Brighthand DigitalCameraReview DesktopReview PrinterComparison TechnologyGuide. Copyright 2000 - 2018, TechTarget | Read our Privacy Statement. TechTarget publishes more than 100 focused websites providing quick access to a deep store of news, advice and analysis about the products, technologies and processes. crucial to the jobs of IT pros.. 
Sections Apps AR & VR Cameras Cars Drones Fitness Trackers Gadgets Games Headphones Laptops Parenting Phones Smart Home Smartwatches Speakers Tablets TV News Apps AR & VR Cameras Cars Drones Fitness Trackers Gadgets Games Headphones Laptops Parenting Phones Smart Home Smartwatches Speakers Tablets TV All News Reviews Apps AR & VR Cameras Cars Drones Fitness Trackers Gadgets Games Headphones Laptops Parenting Phones Smart Home Smartwatches Speakers Tablets TV All Reviews Buyer's guides Apps AR & VR Cameras Cars Drones Fitness Trackers Gadgets Games Headphones Laptops Parenting Phones Smart Home Smartwatches Speakers Tablets TV All Buyer's guides. Alcatel Idol 4S with Windows 10 review: Not Microsoft's mobile saviour. Home > Phones >. Phone reviews > Alcatel phone reviews. There's no doubting the hardware capability of the Idol 4S, we've seen it in work several times on Android. What's disappointing here is the lack of optimisation from a software standpoint. With its slow loading, it can be quite an off-putting experience. Battery life is decent and screen vibrant. Lack of Windows 10 app support. Alcatel Idol 4S with Windows 10 review: Design. 154 x 75 x 7mm, 149g. Pocket-lint Pocket-lint Alcatel Idol 4S with Windows 10 review: Display. Pocket-lint Alcatel Idol 4S with Windows 10 preview: Software. Live tiles and searchable app list. Cortana and Continuum are both included. Mobile VR headset and apps come with the phone. Windows 10 app store still lacking. Pocket-lint Pocket-lint Pocket-lint Alcatel Idol 4S with Windows 10 review: Performance. Octa-core (4x 1.8 GHz & 4x 1.4 GHz). Pocket-lint Pocket-lint Alcatel Idol 4S with Windows 10 review: Battery life. Pocket-lint Alcatel Idol 4S with Windows 10 preview: Camera. The smartphone market is almost completely unrecognisable from just five years ago. Back then the Windows Phone platform was tightly controlled by Microsoft and only available on (since deceased) Nokia phones.. But we're talking about an era when BlackBerry made its own keyboard phones that used the company's own operating system. Now BlackBerry, with its DTEK60 , uses the touchscreen Alcatel Idol 4S with an Android operating system as its flagship. It's a big, yet decent phone .. So the perfect device to save a flagging Windows 10 mobile then? Alcatel seems to think so with this variant. But is the Idol 4S in this form really worth anyone's time?. We first got a glimpse at the Alcatel Idol 4S at the beginning of 2016 at Mobile World Congress (WMC) in Barcelona. We've since seen exactly the same build, materials and shape in the aforementioned BlackBerry DTEK60 and the Vodafone Smart Platinum 7. In short - it's a familiar design, to say the least.. It's probably no surprise that this Windows version looks almost exactly the same as its Android-based counterpart. The only real difference is its Type-C port in the Windows version (not Micro USB), as used for charging and transfer.. The Idol 4S's front-and-rear glass panel build has an interesting reflective property where any light that hits it forms multiple shards of light that centre in on the fingerprint sensor. Those glass surfaces have subtle curves towards their edges, so look elegant, but it's not quite enough to stop the phone feeling like a big shiny block in your palm - albeit a better one than if it was all completely flat lines and sharp right angles.. So while the finish and design is undoubtedly polished - those gold metal edges add a hint of luxury to the obsidian-like black glass - there's no getting away from the size of this device. It's a big phone, even by 5.5-inch phone standards.. Because of the size, the power button lives just out of one-handed reach at the top of the left edge. Well, it's perfect if you're left-handed, but nigh-on impossible to reach with your right. Oddly, the more-convenient-to-reach button is the camera launcher on the phone's right edge, just below the volume rocker.. Then, as you may have spotted, there's the massive protrusion that is the square camera bump on the rear. The aesthetic appeal is certainly up for debate, but this bump also brings an obvious disadvantage: it means the phone will not sit flat on any surface without wobbling about. Even worse, combined with those shiny glass panels, it will happily slip off the arm of a sofa onto the floor with seemingly zero encouragement.. AMOLED technology and Windows 10 on mobile are made for each other. By default, the background on the phone is black which comes out completely dark on an AMOLED screen, because the screen technology can illuminate individual pixels for precision blacks sat next to bright whites.. The technology's other strength is bright, saturated colours which, again, Windows 10 is full of. Colours are punchy and vibrant, while contrast levels are very high.. The 5.5-inch Full HD screen on the front of the Idol 4S is, therefore, both big and beautiful. On a phone this large the Full HD resolution does start to look a little bit rough around the edges compared to some other flagships - particularly around fine text, which Windows 10 uses aplenty - but it's only really noticeable when you get very close to the screen.. As for gaming and watching video, the scale of this phone easily delivers enough real estate to enjoy all your favourite titles. That partners with stereo front-facing speakers to create a truly immersive experience. This is something you just don't get on most phones which typically fire audio out of the bottom edge.. You could be forgiven for thinking the Windows mobile platform was dead. After Microsoft decided to cut its losses on its smartphone hardware business, it seemed a no-brainer that the OS would die with it. But, seemingly, that's not the case... Windows 10 for mobile lives on to fight another day.. Like Windows Phone of old, the main home screen of the Idol 4S is filled with Live Tiles that update with quick snippets of information when you get notifications. You can resize them, re-arrange them and pin any app you want to this Start screen.. To some, having all this information on one screen may appear a little too busy, but there's something rather pleasing about its convenience. Not having to swipe down for a notifications shade or open an app to see what the latest updates are is a time saver.. For those unfamiliar, Windows 10 for mobile brings many of the features across from the desktop operating system, including Cortana voice assistant, which is like Microsoft's competitor for Apple's Siri and Google Now. You can use it to search for things on the web, or set contextual reminders based on locations and meeting dates.. You can even train Cortana to recognise your voice by going through a relatively short set up process. By repeating a handful of preset phrases, Cortana learns how you say them and can be summoned at any time. Ignores other people's voices, unlike most of the assistant's competitors, is a bonus.. Interestingly, there's also Continuum - Microsoft's fancy word to describe its ability to be used as a desktop computer - albeit a limited version than normal. Plug the phone into a hub, or wireless connector, and you have a light version of Windows 10 delivered to a monitor, powered entirely by the phone.. Like the Android version, the Windows model of the Idol 4S ships with a VR headset and a handful of VR games. Sadly, the experience is about as poor as most mobile VR systems. The 1080p screen isn't sharp enough, while the motion and animations aren't quite smooth enough to make it a pleasant experience. It's more a fun additional feature than a genuinely good experience.. While we like elements of Windows like the searchable app list, the customisable Live Tiles, and the easy typing keyboard, Windows still has one main issue on mobile: apps. Or rather, the lack of them.. You can get a number of popular apps though. Facebook, Twitter, Netflix, BBC iPlayer and more are there for your choosing. But, like a lot of the other experiences, they load slowly or - in the case of iPlayer - don't fit properly on the screen so that controls elements are missing, or part of the video is cut-off by the persistent on-screen buttons. That's the Windows 10 experience on mobile: it just doesn't have the development base and probably never will.. Despite the fact that there are now more official popular apps than there used to be, there are some glaring omissions like Snapchat, and some of them just don't work well at all. Which leads us nicely on to.... While the Idol 4S shares the same name as its Android-powered counterpart, the Windows 10 version this Alcatel phone has received a welcome specification bump. Rather than a middling Snapdragon 652 processor of Android, which has a tendency to stutter for some tasks, here there's a Snapdragon 820 processor.. This is the same processor found inside devices like the OnePlus 3 , Sony Xperia XZ and the Stateside versions of the Samsung Galaxy S7. Even Google's latest Pixel phones have a slightly tweaked version called the Snapdragon 821.. In short, as far as mobile processors go, what's inside the Idol 4S is one of the best available right now.. It was a surprise to us, then, that a lot of what we tested on the Idol 4S with Windows seemed slow. There wasn't stuttering, frame-dropping or pausing as such, but so many actions took a couple of seconds - if not more - before kicking in to gear.. Using the fingerprint sensor on the back to unlock, for example, was noticeably slower than trying the same function on the Android-based (but physically identical) BlackBerry DTEK60. There's no vibration feedback to let you know the fingerprint has registered on Windows 10 either - just a delayed unlocking of the phone a couple of seconds later.. Likewise, downloading apps from the Windows Store was a long process compared to both Android- and iOS-based phones of a similar flagship spec. Launching apps - especially third party ones - is laboriously slow. We lost count of the number of times we gave up on Facebook, after staring at the blue loading screen for at least 30 seconds. Other built-in functions and tasks are generally fine though. Launching the web browser, Cortana, Outlook and such didn't provide any really noticeable delays (notice that they are all Microsoft products). Zipping in and out of the settings menu and app lists were smooth and snappy too. It's just a shame that a phone with 4GB of RAM and a high-end processor doesn't feel fast all the time.. For the media hungry, you'll be pleased to know the phone comes equipped with 64GB of storage space as well as microSD card support to expand that further.. Inside, alongside all the other gadgetry, is a 3,000mAh battery - which is claimed to be capable of handling 20-hours of use. In real-world terms, that means you'll have some battery left over at the end of a full day, but won't get too far into a second day before needing to charge again.. In our testing, the phone quite comfortably powered through a full day's use with some juice left over. Indeed, even very heavy users should comfortably finish a work day with some battery remaining for the commute home with this Alcatel.. Not forgetting that the Idol 4S is also Quick Charge 3.0 enabled, so it'll refill in a relatively snappy manner. Just 30-minutes at the plug can come in great use.. The results from the Idol 4S are, unsurprisingly, similar to what we found with the newest BlackBerry DTEK60 phone: it can produce some decent, evenly balanced pictures with natural colour in good lighting conditions. When the light start to drop things get a bit ropey - as they do with so many other smartphone cameras.. a lot of the Windows 10 experience, using the camera is a rather slow process with this device. Focusing on an object often took two or three tries, then when the shutter was pressed there was notable delay in response.. And because there's no optical stabilisation (OIS) of any kind, if you move even slightly between pressing the shutter and the photo being taken, you're left with a slightly soft and blurry image.. Alcatel Idol 4S with Windows 10: The alternatives to consider Pocket-lint BlackBerry DTEK60. There's no doubting the hardware capability of the Idol 4S - we've seen it at. What's disappointing in the Windows 10 version is the lack of optimisation from a software standpoint. With its slow loading - and that's despite a hardware boost - it can be quite an off-putting experience.. Having launched initially as a T-Mobile locked exclusive, the Idol 4S running Windows 10 is available unlocked direct from Microsoft in the States and Canada for $470.. For those who want a seamless experience between their PC and mobile worlds it might still make sense to buy a Windows-based phone. Likewise, if you're invested in the Windows 10 mobile ecosystem, the Idol 4S might make a nice update to a tired old Lumia.. However, with its restricted availability and the limited number of quality apps compared to Android and iOS, it's difficult to recommend the phone with this software to most consumers. We're not sure there's any saving Windows 10 on mobile now.. The DTEK60 fixes a lot of the Windows-based Idol 4S's shortcomings. It has a higher-res Quad HD screen and runs Android Marshmallow with BlackBerry's own custom apps and software. It's faster, snappier and has tons of reliable apps available too.. The OnePlus 3T - like its predecessor - is a brilliant, fast and well-made smartphone loaded with a clean and lightweight custom version of Android. It has the same screen size and resolution as the Idol 4S, but has a more solid construction and a more powerful Snapdragon 821 processor. For something a little more expensive, and for what is considered the best supported app ecosystem, it's hard to look past Apple. This year, the best of iOS is found in the iPhone 7 which,. although much smaller than the Idol 4S, performs incredibly well across its many features. Battery life isn't as good though.. Mobile World Congress 2018: All the latest from Samsung, Sony, Nokia, Huawei, Moto and more at MWC 2018. Nokia 8 Sirocco initial review: The high-end Nokia looking to steal Samsung's crown. Nokia 7 Plus initial review: Shooting for mid-range glory. Sony Xperia XZ2 initial review: HDR-shooting, vibration-producing, serious Sony flagship. Samsung Galaxy S9 initial review: A refined evolution. Sony MWC 2018 press conference: How to watch it live. Nuu Mobile takes aim at the flagships with £199 G3. Samsung Galaxy S9+ initial review: A whole new camera experience. Sony Xperia XZ2 Compact initial review: Potent little package. Samsung Galaxy S9 and S9+: Everything you need to know. 2003 - 2018 © Pocket-lint Limited PO Box 4770, Ascot, SL5 5DP. England and Wales company registration number 5237480.. 
Recent Posts Meet the Samsung Galaxy S9+ (Video) This is the Galaxy S9, Unpacked (Hands-on Video) Wireless Sony Xperia Ear Duo headset starts at $280 with Dual Listening support ‘Extended’ Sony Xperia XZ2 and XZ2 Compact feature new designs, Snapdragon 845 power Lenovo 500e and 300e Chromebooks are now available with advanced Touch and Pen features Recent Comments Anonymous on CES 2018 will not be graced by FCC chairman Ajit Pai Anonymous on Pixel 2 XL does not charge at full 18W allowed by adapter Anonymous on iPhone 8 and iPhone X cases made by Apple will allow for wireless charging Anonymous on Apple Store in China had just two customers in line for iPhone 8 Anonymous on Galaxy S8 will feature software navigation buttons and launch March 29 Archives February 2018 January 2018 December 2017 November 2017 October 2017 September 2017 August 2017 July 2017 June 2017 May 2017 April 2017 March 2017 February 2017 January 2017 December 2016 November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 June 2015 May 2015 April 2015 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 October 2014 September 2014 August 2014 July 2014 June 2014 May 2014 April 2014 March 2014 February 2014 January 2014 December 2013 November 2013 October 2013 September 2013 August 2013 July 2013 June 2013 May 2013 April 2013 March 2013 February 2013 January 2013 December 2012 November 2012 October 2012 September 2012 August 2012 July 2012 June 2012 May 2012 April 2012 March 2012 February 2012 January 2012 December 2011 November 2011 October 2011 September 2011 August 2011 July 2011 June 2011 May 2011 April 2011 March 2011 February 2011 January 2011 December 2010 November 2010 October 2010 September 2010 August 2010 July 2010 June 2010 May 2010 April 2010 March 2010 February 2010 January 2010 December 2009 November 2009 October 2009 September 2009 August 2009 July 2009 June 2009 May 2009 April 2009 March 2009 February 2009 January 2009 December 2008 November 2008 October 2008 September 2008 August 2008 July 2008 June 2008 May 2008 April 2008 March 2008 February 2008 January 2008 December 2007 November 2007 October 2007 September 2007 August 2007 July 2007 June 2007 May 2007 April 2007 March 2007 February 2007 January 2007 December 2006 November 2006 October 2006 September 2006 August 2006 July 2006 June 2006 May 2006 April 2006 March 2006 February 2006 January 2006 December 2005 November 2005 October 2005 September 2005 August 2005 July 2005 June 2005 May 2005 April 2005 March 2005 February 2005 January 2005 December 2004 November 2004 October 2004 September 2004 August 2004 July 2004 June 2004 May 2004 April 2004 March 2004 February 2004 January 2004 December 2003 November 2003 October 2003 September 2003 August 2003 July 2003 June 2003 May 2003 April 2003 March 2003 February 2003 January 2003 December 2002 November 2002 October 2002 September 2002 August 2002 July 2002 June 2002 May 2002 April 2002 March 2002 February 2002 January 2002 December 2001 November 2001 October 2001 September 2001 August 2001 July 2001 June 2001 May 2001 April 2001 March 2001 February 2001 January 2001 December 2000 November 2000 October 2000 August 2000 July 2000 June 2000 May 2000 Categories Accessories Android BlackBerry Interview iOS Other OS Phones Reviews Security & Privacy Tablets Uncategorized Wearables Windows Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org. Reviews Editorials Videos Podcast Deals Pocketnow en Español. Reviews Editorials Videos Podcast Deals Pocketnow en Español. Alcatel IDOL 4S with Windows 10 VR Review. Lein November 10, 2016 9:00 am. The Alcatel IDOL 4S is a gorgeous device. It's the first to add mobile virtual reality support to the platform too!. 5.5-inch Full-HD (1920x1080 pixel) AMOLED display w/ Dragontrail glass. Windows fans and budding holographic/VR developers would jump on a device like this since it's so much more inexpensive than the high-end HoloLens.. Specs Hardware Virtual Reality Software Camera Performance Battery Life Pricing and Availability Conclusion. The Alcatel IDOL 4S replaces T-Mobile’s previous only Windows 10 Mobile phone, the Alcatel OneTouch Fierce XL which was released in January of this year. This new Alcatel Windows 10 Mobile is the first Windows 10 device to include a Virtual Reality interface as well as virtual reality goggles that work kind of like Samsung’s Gear VR and Google Cardboard. We know Microsoft has been working on their Windows Holographic interface, so this could be an exciting first look at things to come. It’s been almost a year since our first review of the final Windows 10 Mobile operating system as it was released to the public and many things have changed since then while many things have not changed. So we’ll talk a little about that too. Incidentally, there is also an Alcatel IDOL 4S which runs Android which is similar in terms of hardware, but not quite exactly the same. Read on for our full review of a pre-production sample of the Alcatel IDOL 4S.. First off, we’ve got a Quad Core Snapdragon 820 MSM8996 system on a chip processor with 4GB of RAM and 64GB of ROM in the Alcatel IDOL 4S with Windows 10 VR. If 64GB isn’t enough, there’s a MicroSD slot to add another 128GB of storage should you so desire.. The dimensions of the Alcatel IDOL 4S are 153.9 x 75.4 x 6.99 mm. 6.99 mm is very thin! The weight is a nice and light 152 grams and the color of metal rim around the two glossy black sides is called “Halo Gold”. The screen is 5.5 inch diagonal with a full-HD 1920×1080 pixel AMOLED Dragontrail display. For sensors it’s got an accelerometer, proximity sensor, ambient light sensor, e-compass, gyro, and hall switch. There’s also Bluetooth 4.1, WiFi 802.11a/b/g/n/ac (2.4Ghz & 5Ghz) and for cellular connectivity bands, we’ve got GSM 850/900/1800/1900, UMTS 2/4/5, LTE 2/4/12. For the battery, you’ve got 3000 mAh and that supports quick charging via USB-C (Quick Charge 3.0). For quick unlocking, there’s a fingerprint scanner compatible with Windows Hello as well.. There is no NFC or Qi wireless charging by the way, but there is a 3.5mm headphone jack. The front facing camera is 8 Megapixels with a single LED flash while the rear camera is 21 Megapixels with dual-tone LED flash and a Sony IMX230 sensor.. The protective sticker on the front of the phone when you open the box does a really good job of teaching you were all the buttons are.. The bottom bar navigation buttons are not hardware capacitive buttons, they’ll display on the screen and hide themselves occasionally.. The front-facing dual stereo speakers sound great. You can also see above how the edges of the screen are rounded. The screen itself is still a flat rectangle, but the bezel is smoothed down so it looks a bit like the Samsung Galaxy Edge devices.. Yes, we have the tried and true 3.5mm headset jack on the top edge of the Alcatel IDOL 4S.. On the bottom is a USB-C port along with a microphone hole and you’ll notice some spacers between the metal so tha the antennae will work properly.. The power button is on the upper left side, which is a bit awkward to access if you’re used to having the button on the right side or even the top. You can also see the SIM card slot here which also contains a tray for a MicroSD card if you want to expand the storage.. Of course the sticker on the back nicely explains how to add a Nano SIM card and Micro SD card.. The right side includes volume buttons at the top along with a big circular button in the middle with a triangle exlaimation point icon on it. Weirdly, that’s the camera button, but I’m not sure what that icon is supposed to mean.. On the back is where you’ll find the 21 megapixel Sony IMX230 camera, dual LED flash, and fingerprint scanner. The fingerprint scanner is flush with the back of the device so it’s difficult to find it while feeling around with your finger. The software gives you haptic feedback when your finger is NOT recognized, which seems counter intuitive. I feel like it should confirm recognition that way when it is recognized.. While the glass backing looks gorgeous and glossy when it’s clean, it attracts fingerprint grease like crazy.. Incidentally, our review unit came with an Incipio Dual-Layer protective case that does a great job of keeping the fingerprints and scratches and dings off the gorgeous glossy body. It also helps with locating the fingerprint scanner on the back since you can more-easily find the hole with your fingers.. So far we’ve only been looking at the phone, but there’s alot more to it and everything conveniently fits inside the box pictured above.. Yep, it’s a full virtual reality goggles kit complete with comfy head straps and phone holder with lenses to display 3D VR graphics from the phone’s screen. The only thing missing from this kit is headphones. The speakers on the phone are great though, but you’ll need to get your own headphones for the best experience.. Don’t worry, there are instructions on the side of the VR goggles box. Basically, you launch the VR software first on the phone (very important), then place it inside one end of the VR goggles where there are clips to hold it in. One end has a spring loaded clip with a release button. That’s where the top of the phone goes. Your headphone jack should be on the left. I’ve made the mistake of inserting the phone into the goggles upside down numerous times and the phone doesn’t use the accelerometer to tell which side is up, so you have to learn to do it right.. Since I wear glasses, I had to spread the left & right sides of the foam padding around the goggles outwards to fit my glasses inside. Other than that, it was quite comfortable. The lenses weren’t pressing up against my eyeballs like some VR goggles do and I could see the 3D images clearly. However, due to the low resolution up-close nature of virtual reality goggles in general, I could see pixelation and a lack of detail in just about all content. This was no different from the Samsung Gear VR and Google Cardboard systems I’ve used in the past. On the bottom of the goggle casing are two metal capacitive buttons that transfer your touch to the phone’s screen in order to activate menus. Basically you point the dot on the screen by turning your head, and then press the right button to activate it. The left button acts as a back button. Volume buttons are difficult to find and adjust while you’re wearing the goggles since you can’t see them and they’re a little bit too close to the ridges of the holder, so I recommend setting your volume before putting the phone into the VR goggles casing (just as you should also launch the VR launcher app before inserting the phone, too).. The Alcatel IDOL 4S comes with Windows 10 Mobile Anniversary Update. That’s the 1st year major update to coincide with the regular version of Windows 10, but it doesn’t bring a whole lot of new features to the mobile side. The big feature that we were looking forward to was the Messaging Anywhere feature which would have allowed you to send and recieve SMS/MMS text messages on any of your Windows 10 devices. It would sync your SMS/MMS text messages from your phone to the Messaging apps on Windows 10. Unfortunately, that feature was cancelled at the last minute and someone decided that this feature should be part of Skype instead. So there is a Skype Preview app on Windows 10 Mobile now and you can enable it to act as your SMS/MMS text messaging app and by doing that it will sync with and allow you to relay messages from other Skype Preview installations on Windows 10 PCs. It usually works okay, but the big problem is that Cortana often doesn’t read messages aloud and the custom text message ringtones that you may have set up don’t work.. Many of the same problems from our original review of the final Windows 10 Mobile operating system remain. There’s still no way to manage tasks from Exchange Server, Office 365, or Outlook and worse, there are no task due notifications. That’s a huge deal breaker for anyone with a job. There is a Wunderlist app, but that doesn’t integrate with Outlook, OneNote, SharePoint, Office 365, Project, etc. as well as the normal Outlook tasks do, so we can forget about that. Interface problems are still all over the place, too. Many new UWP apps put their navigation buttons at the top of the screen where your fingers can’t reach them (without enabling the half-screen reachability hack by holding down the start key), and worse those buttons are covered by the phone call banner when you’re on a call.. The new Universal Windows Platform versions of Microsoft’s apps aren’t terribly reliable either. I had to sign out, reboot, and sign back into OneDrive three times in order to get it to see all of my top-level OneDrive folders. The photos app occasionally shows all the photos I’ve taken on the device, and occasionaly some of them disappear (then come back after a reboot).. The Alcatel IDOL 4S thankfully has T-Mobile’s WiFi calling fully integrated as well, so you can still make and recieve calls if there is no reception under ground or you’re roaming in another country (as long as you have a good WiFi internet connection). Other times I’ve had callers get a strange sound on their end when I answered, and they couldn’t hear me at all. Tapping the notification of an email doesn’t open that particular email. The weather app still doesn’t allow you to show the weather on the lock screen. There’s no glance screen mode and now RAW format for the camera. The Calendar’s ability to auto complete location fields with addresses was removed, and it even crashes hard whenever I try to paste something from an email into the notes field of an appointment. Groove Music has “Can’t find audio device” errors if I listen to something in another app and then switch back to Groove Music. If the Universal Windows Platform is Microsoft’s future, then they have a long way to go just to get their own software working properly. See “ Microsoft has a first-party app problem too “. Most of these issues can be blamed on Microsoft since they happen on other Windows 10 Mobile phones like the Lumia 950 as well.. Now, let’s get to the really cool stuff. Alcatel has included a good collection of Virtual Reality apps on the IDOL 4S so that you can use the included VR goggles with some fun software and content. Above is the VR launcher which you can use to get to all of the other VR content bundled with the phone.. There are two VR games included; Captain Fellcraft and Zombie VR. Captain Fellcraft is a skydiving flying type game where you have to navigate tunnels and collect coins. Zombie VR is an on-rails shooter where you have to point at zombies that appear along the road and shoot them. The gun automatically fires when it’s pointed at a zombie, so really you just have to turn your head and aim.. Tube 360 is the VR app with the most content. It seems to load all of the 360 degree videos on YouTube. This is great since the Edge web browser on Windows 10 Mobile doesn’t currently display 3D VR videos available on normal web pages correctly.. It feels like the Alcatel IDOL 4S really wants the Windows 10 Creatives update that’s supposed to be coming early 2017 to Windows 10. There are rumors that Microsoft will add native support for the Windows Holographic shell in Windows 10 Mobile so that devices like this can load the Windows Holographic UI right in the phone while attached to VR goggles. If that comes true, the Alcatel IDOL 4S should be ready to go with the Windows Holographic ecosystem, which would be extremely cool. All the normal Universal Windows Platform apps already available for Windows 10 Mobile should become usable within a holographic/virtual reality interface. This is only speculation, of course, but the potential seems to be there.. Yes, the Alcatel IDOL 4S supports Windows 10 Continuum. I tested it with a ScreenBeam Mini 2 Continuum Edition wireless adapter. A little bit after the first set up and connection, the Alcatel IDOL 4S froze and then rebooted itself. The second try worked much better and Continuum felt faster when running multiple programs as compared to the Continuum running on the Lumia 950, but the IDOL 4S did start to warm up after only about a minute. It seems like it may be a safe bet to only use Continuum or VR for fairly short durations especially if you notice the device getting too hot.. The Alcatel IDOL 4S has a 21 megapixel camera on the back with a Sony sensor. That’s the same Sony IMX230 camera sensor that you’ll find in the Moto X Pure/Style. It doesn’t support live images or RAW DNG capture, but it does support an HDR mode. The HDR mode combines two JPGs to get a greater dynamic range, but this slows down the photo processing between shots significantly. You will want HDR mode though because the dynamic range without it is pretty narrow. Since there’s no RAW capture option, you’re also stuck with the post-processed 21Mp JPG images which are going to include a lot of ugly noise reduction and some artificial sharpening. By the way, be sure to change your aspect ratio settings from 16:9 to 4:3 in order to make use of the full camera sensor. The default 16:9 aspect ratio is just going to crop your image.. In the above 100% crop sample we can see how the Alcatel IDOL 4S 21 megapixel JPG image quality compares to the Microsoft Lumia 950’s 20 megapixel RAW DNG image quality. While noise is more obvious in the Lumia 950’s photo, there is clearly more detail and sharpness to the image while the Sony IMX230 sensor on the Alcatel IDOL 4S looks smudged and blurry by comparison.. Take a look at the full resolution camera samples below. The front-facing camera is 8 megapixels and actually works very nicely although my model seems to have a tiny spec of dust on the lens or sensor somewhere which shows up in the selfie photos depending on the amount of light in the scene. This is a pre-production version though, so hopefully that won’t show up in the real deal. Daylight photos tend to be quite good, but there’s not a huge amount of dynamic range and the noise reduction filters smudge up the finer details. The flash is very slow with a short range on both the front and rear cameras, so don’t expect to freeze any action with that. HDR mode works pretty well with combining highlights and shadows from multiple frames to get a wider range of detail without looking too artificial.. 684.09 is the Alcatel IDOL 4S with Windows 10’s WPBench score and that’s almost 3 times higher than many of last year’s Windows Phones. The Lumia 640 XL scored 240.71 in WPBench, compared to 245.07 on the Lumia 640, 218.14 on the Lumia 630, 169.25 on the Lumia 521, 234.73 on Lumia 928 or 232.11 for the Lumia 925.. In WP Bench’s battery life test under constant CPU stress, the Alcatel IDOL 4S lasted 2 hours, 39 minutes, 26 seconds. That doesn’t sound like a lot and it’s certainly less than some other phones running the same CPU stress test, but remember that this is a pretty powerful CPU and that requires more electricity. In real life, it lasts me about 8 hours. If I were to go out after work, I’d need to do a recharge in the afternoon to be on the safe side. Luckily, the Alcatel IDOL 4S supports QuickCharge 3.0, so plugging in for a while will get you back up to 100% battery pretty quickly.. The Alcatel IDOL 4S will be available on T-Mobile U.S.A. both online and in stores on November 10th for $469.99. Remember, that does include the Virtual Reality goggles in the box along with QuickCharge AC adapter and USB-C cable.. The Alcatel IDOL 4S is a gorgeous device. It’s the first to add mobile virtual reality support to the platform too! Unfortunately, at least at this time, it feels like Microsoft is really holding Alcatel back with their poorly made Universal Windows Platform apps on Windows 10 Mobile. If they can get their act together and make their own universal apps work properly on their own platforms while at the same time adding a compelling Windows Holographic/VR shell to Windows 10 Mobile… then we could have something really special in the Alcatel IDOL 4S. Windows fans and budding holographic/VR developers would jump on a device like this since it’s so much more inexpensive than the high-end HoloLens. In fact, the Alcatel IDOL 4S actually could support 3 user interaction methods for which developers could test against and users could bounce between as the need arose… 1. Desktop PC UI via Continuum when you plug in a bigger screen… and 3. Windows Holographic UI when you plug in the VR goggles. That last one currently doesn’t work and there’s no knowing if it ever will, but it seems like a good idea. The Alcatel IDOL 4S could be our first glimpse of a flexible future of Windows 10 Mobile where the phone can become a desktop PC and virtual reality device whenever you want.. Virtual Reality Goggles included 21Mp Sony Camera Beautiful glossy glass & metal body USB-C QuickCharge 3.0 T-Mobile WiFi Calling Windows 10 Continuum Support Windows Hello fingerprint scanner. Upper end gets hot with extended use (especially VR) Front and back attract fingerprint grease significantly Windows 10 UWP apps are still buggy Non-removable battery No wireless charging. The Alcatel IDOL 4S could be our first glimpse of a flexible future of Windows 10 Mobile where the phone can become a desktop PC and virtual reality device whenever you want.. Phones , Reviews , Wearables , Windows. Alcatel , Alcatel IDOL 4S , ALCATEL ONETOUCH , Review , virtual reality , VR , Windows 10 Mobile. Alcatel , Alcatel IDOL 4S , ALCATEL ONETOUCH , Review , virtual reality , VR , Windows 10 Mobile. Adam has had interests in combining technology with art since his first use of a Koala pad on an Apple computer. He currently has a day job as a graphic designer, photographer, systems administrator and web developer at a small design firm in Westchester, NY. His love of technology extends to software development companies who have often implemented his ideas for usability and feature enhancements. Mobile computing has become a necessity for Adam since his first Uniden UniPro PC100 in 1998. He has been reviewing and writing about smartphones for Pocketnow.com since they first appeared on the market in 2002. Check out our MWC 2018 coverage!. Meet the Samsung Galaxy S9+ (Video). This is the Galaxy S9, Unpacked (Hands-on Video). Wireless Sony Xperia Ear Duo headset starts at $280 with Dual Listening support. ‘Extended’ Sony Xperia XZ2 and XZ2 Compact feature new designs, Snapdragon 845 power. 56% off this sturdy, transparent iPhone X case. Shock-proof bluetooth speakers with battery life of 30 hours! — 33% off. Pay what you want for this Python learning bundle. Prolong long-term battery life of your smartphone with this Qi wireless charger. No breaks for Huawei or HTC | #PNWeekly 292. Death, lawsuits and the OnePlus X2 | #PNWeekly 291. 5G crisis, 10GB RAM, Huawei P20 potentials | #PNWeekly 290. Why do Sony Xperia phones still exist? “The next paradigm shift.”. Tim Cook: $999 is “value price” for iPhone X because of EIPs and “discounts”. Panay: Surface Pro 5? How about “meaningful change” with your “Surface Pro Next.... Meet the Samsung Galaxy S9+ (Video). This is the Galaxy S9, Unpacked (Hands-on Video). Huawei MateBook X Pro: The ‘Pro’ is for progress (Video). About Us Contact Us Tip Us Terms and Conditions Privacy Policy. All rights reserved, Hagshama Keebali Investments Two General Partnership. Pocketnow.com - Smartphone, Tablet, and Wearable reviews, videos, editorials, and news. 
more ... more .... more ... more .... Dimensions 6.05 x 2.97 x 0.28 inches (153.7 x 75.4 x 6.99 mm). Weight 5.36 oz (152 g) the average is 5.6 oz (159 g). Materials Main body: Glass; Accents: Metal. Resolution 1080 x 1920 pixels. Features Oleophobic coating, Scratch-resistant glass (Dragontrail), Ambient light sensor, Proximity sensor. Pixel density - The pixel density of a display represents the number of pixels over an area of one inch. It’s measured in “pixels per inch”, or ppi. The higher the number, the more detailed and good-looking the display is.. Technology - There are two main screen technologies currently used in phones and tablets: LCD and AMOLED. The former usually features a light source and liquid crystals, while the latter is based on organic light-emitting diodes. Newer LCD variations like IPS-LCD and Super-LCD allow for very accurate color reproduction and very wide viewing angles, where no significant image quality loss is observed. Current AMOLED screens differ in such a way that they can exhibit much more saturated colors (sometimes too much) and incredibly high contrast levels, which is due to black color being completely black in AMOLED displays.. Screen-to-body ratio - Shows what part of the frontal area of a phone its screen occupies.. Software Features Touch to focus, Face detection, Digital zoom, Geo tagging. Settings Exposure compensation, ISO control, White balance presets. Shooting Modes Burst mode, High Dynamic Range mode (HDR), Panorama. Camcorder 3840x2160 (4K) (30 fps), 1920x1080 (1080p HD) (30 fps). Aperture size - The aperture of a camera is the opening through which light travels before it reaches the camera sensor. The smaller the number is, the bigger this opening is, allowing for more light to pass.. Camera sensor size - A bigger camera sensor is able to capture more light, and thus produce better photos.. Pixel size - The size of an individual pixel on a camera's sensor. System chip - Most modern handsets use an advanced chip that includes many of the device’s hardware modules like the processor, Wi-Fi, Bluetooth and sometimes even the wireless radio. This field shows what particular system chip (or System-on-a-Chip) is used in the phone.. Processor - The processor is the main computing component of a phone and is a major factor when it comes to the overall speed of the device. Some more powerful smartphones use dual-core and quad-core processors designed to deliver greater performance.. Graphics processor - The graphics processor is important for the smooth operation of the system and especially in games and other applications that may involve complex graphics and animations.. System memory - System memory, or RAM memory is the type of memory that the device uses to temporarily store data from the OS or currently-running apps. The more RAM available to the device, the better the performance will be when multiple or heavier programs are running.. Built-in storage - Bigger storage capacity allows you to keep more content saved onto your device, such as more applications, photos or video. Games and video content typically take up the biggest amount of storage space.. Storage expansion - Some handsets allow you to expand their storage capacity by using a memory expansion card – most often microSD. Expansion memory is mostly suitable for media storage, such as photo, video or music content.. Talk time 13.30 hours the average is 20 h (1229 min). Stand-by time 17.5 days (420 hours) the average is 21 days (502 h). Capacity - The bigger, the better! However, battery capacity is not the only factor that has an effect on battery life. Those include the chipset in use, the software running on the device, as well as the consumer's unique usage pattern.. Filter by Album, Artist, Genre, Playlists. Features Album art cover, Background playback. GSM 850, 900, 1800, 1900 MHz. LTE (FDD) Bands 2, 4, 12. Data LTE-A Cat 6 (300/50 Mbit/s), HSDPA+ (4G) 42.2 Mbit/s, HSUPA 5.76 Mbit/s. Sensors Accelerometer, Gyroscope, Compass, Hall (for flip covers). Other features Voice dialing, Voice commands, Voice recording, TTY/TDD. Wi-Fi 802.11 a, b, g, n, ac, dual-band. Features Mass storage device, USB Host, USB charging. Other Tethering, Computer sync, OTA sync. Positioning - This field shows the positioning systems supported by the device. The most common types are GPS and A-GPS.. GPS - This is one of the most widespread global positioning technologies, developed and maintained by the U.S. It uses satellites in order to detect your location. A-GPS - A-GPS stands for Assisted GPS and is the industry standard for positioning and navigation. “Assisted” means that it can use local wireless networks, in addition to satellites, for quicker and more precise localization.. FCC ID value: 2ACCJN009 link. FCC approval - The Federal Communications Commission (FCC) is an independent United States government agency, directly responsible to Congress. The FCC was established by the Communications Act of 1934 and is charged with regulating interstate and international communications by radio, television, wire, satellite and cable. The FCC's jurisdiction covers the 50 states, the District of Columbia, and U.S. Every wireless phone device that is sold in the U.S. has to be tested and approved for sale by the FCC.. Date approved - Shows the date when the particular phone is approved by the Federal Communications Commission. FCC measured SAR - Working closely with federal health and safety agencies, such as the Food and Drug Administration (FDA), the FCC has adopted limits for safe exposure to radiofrequency (RF) energy. These limits are given in terms of a unit referred to as the Specific Absorption Rate (SAR), which is a measure of the amount of radio frequency energy absorbed by the body when using a mobile phone. The FCC requires cell phone manufacturers to ensure that their phones comply with these objective limits for safe exposure. Any cell phone at or below these SAR levels (that is, any phone legally sold in the U.S.) is a "safe" phone, as measured by these standards. The FCC limit for public exposure from cellular telephones is an SAR level of 1.6 watts per kilogram (1.6 W/kg).. To see the full specifications with in-depth details click here.. Samsung Galaxy A8 (2018) Review 6.5. Sony Xperia XA2 and Xperia XA2 Ultra Review 7.8. Huawei Mate 10 Lite Review 8. Jabra Elite 65t wireless earphones Review 8.5. Samsung Galaxy Note 3 vs Samsung Galaxy Note 2. LG V30 Review 8.8. The Samsung Galaxy S9 and S9+ have game-changing cameras with variable aperture and 960fps slow-mo video recording. The Big Barcelona Camera Comparison: iPhone X vs Pixel 2 XL vs Note 8. Samsung Galaxy S9 and S9+ rumor review: Specs, design, features, price and release date. Sony presents Xperia XZ2 and XZ2 Compact: new design and Snapdragon 845. Galaxy S9 Exynos edition gets benchmarked against rivals!. Galaxy S9 first camera comparison vs iPhone X, V30, S8. Samsung Galaxy S9 & S9+ hands-on. MWC 2018: top smartphones to expect. Best smartphone you can buy in 2018. Allo is a quality app, but Google isn't giving it a real chance. All content (phone reviews, news, specs, info), design and layouts are Copyright 2001-2018 phoneArena.com. Reproduction in whole or in part or in any form or medium without written permission is prohibited! Privacy. 
Select the department you want to search in. Sign in Account & Lists Sign in Account & Lists Orders Try Prime Cart. Your Amazon.com Today's Deals Gift Cards Registry Sell Help Disability Customer Support. 1-16 of 69 results for "Alcatel Idol 4s Windows". See all results for Alcatel Idol 4s Windows .. Alcatel IDOL 4S Windows 10 OS 5.5 Inch FHD GSM Unlocked 64GB 21MP Camera Smartphone with Advanced Security Fingerprint Scanner. Only 11 left in stock - order soon.. $100.00 (6 used &amp new offers). Alcatel IDOL 4S Windows 10 OS 5.5 Inch T-Mobile Smartphone (Certified Refurbished). The IDOL 4S works like a PC without the PC price. Windows 10 offers a .... Alcatel IDOL 4S Windows 10 OS 5.5 Inch Unlocked Smartphone with VR Goggles. Only 2 left in stock - order soon.. $120.00 (3 used &amp new offers). work and play from the IDOL 4S with Windows 10. Alcatel IDOL 4S 6071W - 32GB - Gold (T-Mobile) 4G LTE Windows 10 Smartphone (Certified Refurbished). The IDOL 4S works like a PC without the PC price. Windows 10 offers a .... ALCATEL ONETOUCH FierceTM XL Smartphone Windows® 10 for T-Mobile. $43.62 (12 used &amp new offers). Trade-in eligible for an Amazon gift card. Alcatel IDOL 4S Unlocked 4G LTE Android Smartphone with VR Goggles and JBL Headset -32GB - (AT&T/T-Mobile). Only 4 left in stock - order soon.. Trade-in eligible for an Amazon gift card. The Alcatel IDOL 4S is the first smartphone + VR goggles package; you .... Alcatel IDOL 4S Windows 10 OS 5.5 Inch T-Mobile Smartphone. Only 4 left in stock - order soon.. $84.99 (9 used &amp new offers). The IDOL 4S works like a PC without the PC price. Windows 10 offers a .... Alcatel IDOL 4S T-Mobile Windows 10 OS Smartphone 4G LTE 5.5 Inch with VR Goggles. Only 16 left in stock - order soon.. $199.99 (5 used &amp new offers). The IDOL 4S works like a PC without the PC price. Windows 10 offers a .... Alcatel Idol 4S Case, CoverON [FlexGuard Series] Slim Soft Flexible TPU Rubber Phone Cover Case for Alcatel Idol 4S / Idol 4S Windows 10 - Black. Alcatel Idol 4S Case, CoverON [FlexGuard Series] Slim Soft Flexible TPU Rubber Phone Cover Case for Alcatel Idol 4S / Idol 4S Windows 10 - Clear. Genuine 1.2A Idol 4S with Windows Compact Wall and Car Charger 3 Piece Kit with USB Type-C 3.1 Data Sync Cable! (Black / 110-240v). Only 3 left in stock - order soon.. designed for your Idol 4S with Windows makes this 1.2A kit .... [2-PACK]-Mr Shield For Alcatel OneTouch IDOL 4S (5.5 Inch) [Tempered Glass] Screen Protector [0.3mm Ultra Thin 9H Hardness 2.5D Round Edge] with Lifetime Replacement Warranty. Professional Ultra SanDisk 64GB Alcatel Idol 4S with Windows MicroSDXC card with CUSTOM Hi-Speed, Lossless Format! Includes Standard SD Adapter. by Custom SanDisk for Alcatel. Only 3 left in stock - order soon.. GUARANTEED MicroSDXC to use with your Alcatel Idol 4S with Windows .... Professional Ultra SanDisk 32GB Alcatel Idol 4S with Windows MicroSDHC card with CUSTOM Hi-Speed, Lossless Format! Includes Standard SD Adapter. by Custom SanDisk for Alcatel. Only 3 left in stock - order soon.. GUARANTEED MicroSDHC to use with your Alcatel Idol 4S with Windows .... Genuine 1.2A Idol 4S with Windows Compact Wall Charger with Detachable High Power USB Type-C Data Sync Cable! (Black / 110-240v). Only 3 left in stock - order soon.. designed for your Idol 4S with Windows makes this 1.2A kit .... Idol 4S with Windows QUICK CHARGE 3.0 36W Dual Car Charging Kit with MicroUSB & USB Type-C Cable!. by Certified Accessory for Alcatel. Only 3 left in stock - order soon.. Charge/IQ Charge your Idol 4S with Windows with USB or USB-C .... All customers get FREE Shipping on orders over $25 shipped by Amazon. Cell Phone Car Cradles & Mounts. 4 Stars & Up & Up. 3 Stars & Up & Up. 2 Stars & Up & Up. 1 Star & Up & Up. There's a problem loading this menu right now.. Get fast, free shipping with Amazon Prime. Prime members enjoy FREE Two-Day Shipping and exclusive access to music, movies, TV shows, original audio series, and Kindle books.. Careers About Amazon Investor Relations Amazon Devices. Sell on Amazon Sell Your Services on Amazon Sell on Amazon Business Sell Your Apps on Amazon Become an Affiliate Advertise Your Products Self-Publish with Us › See all. Amazon Rewards Visa Signature Cards Amazon.com Store Card Amazon.com Corporate Credit Line Shop with Points Credit Card Marketplace Reload Your Balance Amazon Currency Converter. Your Account Your Orders Shipping Rates & Policies Amazon Prime Returns & Replacements Manage Your Content and Devices Amazon Assistant Help. Amazon Music Stream millions of songs. Amazon Drive Cloud storage from Amazon. 6pm Score deals on fashion brands. AbeBooks Books, art & collectibles. ACX Audiobook Publishing Made Easy. Alexa Actionable Analytics for the Web. Amazon Business Everything For Your Business. AmazonFresh Groceries & More Right To Your Door. AmazonGlobal Ship Orders Internationally. Home Services Handpicked Pros Happiness Guarantee. Amazon Inspire Digital Educational Resources. Amazon Rapids Fun stories for kids on the go. Amazon Restaurants Food delivery from local restaurants. Amazon Video Direct Video Distribution Made Easy. Amazon Web Services Scalable Cloud Computing Services. Audible Download Audio Books. AudiobookStand Discount Audiobooks on Disc. Book Depository Books With Free Delivery Worldwide. Box Office Mojo Find Movie Box Office Data. ComiXology Thousands of Digital Comics. CreateSpace Indie Print Publishing Made Easy. DPReview Digital Photography. East Dane Designer Men's Fashion. Fabric Sewing, Quilting & Knitting. Goodreads Book reviews & recommendations. IMDb Movies, TV & Celebrities. IMDbPro Get Info Entertainment Professionals Need. Junglee.com Shop Online in India. Kindle Direct Publishing Indie Digital Publishing Made Easy. Prime Now FREE 2-Hour Delivery on Everyday Items. Prime Photos Unlimited Photo Storage Free With Prime. Shopbop Designer Fashion Brands. TenMarks.com Math Activities for Kids & Schools. Warehouse Deals Open-Box Discounts. Whole Foods Market America’s Healthiest Grocery Store. Withoutabox Submit to Film Festivals. Woot! Deals and Shenanigans. Zappos Shoes & Clothing. Souq.com Shop Online in the Middle East. Subscribe with Amazon Discover & try subscription services. Conditions of Use Privacy Notice Interest-Based Ads © 1996-2018, Amazon.com, Inc. 
Bing Community Participation Center Internet Explorer Microsoft Edge Microsoft Education Microsoft Health and Band Mobile Devices MSN Music, Movies & TV Office OneDrive Outlook.com Skype Surface Virus and Malware Windows Windows Essentials Windows Insider Program. Ask a Question Start a Discussion. Tell us about your experience with our site. Alcatel IDOL 4S Windows - Unlocked. is it possible to use the. Alcatel IDOL 4S Windows - Unlocked in germany with a SIM Card from t- mobile germany?. I have the same question (19). Yes, it will work as long as the phone is unlocked from the network. In addition, the T-Mobile uses 2100 Mhz for the 3G which supported by the Alcatel IDOL 4S. Feel free to get back to us for further assistance. 2 people were helped by this reply. Buy online, pick up in store. 
Find the Best Cell Phone and Plan for You. PhoneDog's innovative comparison tool can help you save on cell phones and plans. Find the best phone and plan for you today with PhoneDog!. Compare Phones and Plans Compare Cell Phones. Trending: iPhone 8. f g+ t yt. Alcatel Idol 4S with Windows 10. The Alcatel Idol 4S with Windows 10. is a 4G LTE smartphone with a 5.5-inch AMOLED display, 1080x1920 resolution and 401ppi index. From within, a 2.15GHz Quad-Core Qualcomm Snapdragon 820 processor operates with 4GB of RAM and the Adreno 530 GPU. Onboard storage is 64GB with a microSD card slot for up to 32GB memory expansion. The device has a 21MP rear-facing camera with HD video recording quality and an. Upon release, the phone runs on Windows 10 Mobile and comes with a fingerprint scanner. The battery included on the device can last up to 17.5. See Available Plans or get it unlocked here. Apple iPad mini with Retina Display. Apple iPad mini with Retina display 16GB Silver. DROID RAZR MAXX HD by Motorola. Motorola RAZR V3 Dolce & Gabbana. Plans Unlocked Specs Media Reviews Deals. - Any - AT&T Atlantis Telecom Boost Mobile Cricket Credo Mobile SpeedTalk Mobile BOOM Mobile MetroPCS Net10 Pix Wireless Pure TalkUSA Red Pocket Mobile ROK Mobile Republic Wireless Sprint Straight Talk Ting T-Mobile TextNow Tello Teltik TPO Mobile Twigby US Mobile Verizon Wireless Virgin Mobile. - Any - Monthly/No Contract Prepaid. Sort by: Price Carrier Minutes Data. Alcatel Idol 4S with Windows 10 Unboxing and First Impressions. Alcatel and T-Mobile have teamed up to release the Idol 4S with Windows 10.. Expert Review User reviews. 20% off any order When You order any Phone or Phone Bundle with Airtime. 20% off any order When You order Any Phone Or Phone Bundle With Airtime. Up to 25% off French Market Coffee with Subscribe and Save.. Get $100 off iPhone X with code VZWDEAL. Limited Time Offer on Buy 3 Amazon Cloud Cams, Save $70 with code 3CLOUDCAM Use Code: 3CLOUDCAM. Limited Time Offer on Save $20 on the Fisher-Price Smart Cycle with coupon.. Get a $25 gift card & waived activation fee with the purchase of a GizmoPal 2, GizmoGadget or GizmoTab. Code: GIZMOKIDS25, must submit receipt & UPC(s) via vzw.com/digitalrebatecenter. Get $200 off any iPad, save $50 more when purchased with any iPhone. Ellipsis 10 HD tablet, just $99.99 w/new 2 yr activation. Free-Shipping with any NET10 Wireless Phone.. Lenovo Phab 2 Pro LeEco Le Pro3 LeEco Le S3 Huawei Mate 9. Looks like there are no reviews yet, be the first to write one now.. Sort by Oldest Latest Negative Positive. OFFICIAL SMARTPHONE RANKINGS Please Login/Register to Vote. Select the amount of total data you need for the entire plan.. For example, if you need 2 lines with 1 GB of data each, you would select 2 GB of data with the data slider below.. - Any - 0 5KB 50MB 30MB 100MB 125MB 150MB 200MB 250MB 300MB 334MB 350MB 375MB 400MB 500MB 600MB 625MB 700MB 800MB 834MB 900MB 938MB 1GB 1.2GB 1.5GB 1.6GB 2GB 2.03GB 2.5GB 3GB 3.7GB 4GB 5GB 6GB 6.1GB 7GB 7.3GB 8GB 8.5GB 9GB 10GB 11GB 12GB 13GB 14GB 15GB 16GB 18GB 20GB 22GB 23GB 24GB 25GB 30GB 32GB 35GB 40GB 50GB 60GB 80GB 85GB 100GB 120GB 150GB 200GB Unlimited. BLU Vivo X Review: BLU's Most Appealing Smartphone Yet!. 4 days 15 hours ago. Android 8.0 Oreo on the OnePlus 5T. 5 days 13 hours ago. 1 week 12 hours ago. The OnePlus 5T Competitor You Haven't Heard About. 1 week 3 days ago. People's Choice Expert's Choice. OFFICIAL SMARTPHONE RANKINGS Please Login/Register to Vote. OFFICIAL SMARTPHONE RANKINGS Please Login/Register to Vote. OFFICIAL SMARTPHONE RANKINGS Please Login/Register to Vote. OFFICIAL SMARTPHONE RANKINGS Please Login/Register to Vote. OFFICIAL SMARTPHONE RANKINGS Please Login/Register to Vote. PHONEDOG PHONEDOG MEDIA FAMILY Phonedog - Cell Phone News TmoNews - The Unofficial T-Mobile Blog AndroidAndMe - Everything Android. PhoneDog Media is home to PhoneDog, Android & Me, TmoNews, and TodaysiPhone. The network receives 2.5 million unique visitors and 10 million pageviews each month, along with a combined three million video views on YouTube.. While the name is jovial, the PhoneDog Media network offers up a wealth of written and video content to help readers make important decisions about mobile technology.. Established in 2001, PhoneDog Media is a privately owned and operated company.. Company Home Privacy Policy Term of Use Contact About Us In-Depth Reviews. Reproduction without explicit permission is prohibited. 
The next video is starting stop. IDOL 4S: A Pretty Windows Phone With VR (That You Probably Shouldn't Buy). Want to watch this again later?. Sign in to add this video to a playlist.. Sign in to report inappropriate content.. Sign in to make your opinion count.. Sign in to make your opinion count.. The interactive transcript could not be loaded.. Rating is available when the video has been rented.. This feature is not available right now. Like the saying goes, "a bad day on Android or iOS still beats a good day on Windows Mobile." Nothing about this version of the IDOL 4S changes the inherent shortcomings of Microsoft's mobile platform, which I still can't recommend to anyone outside of Microsoft enthusiasts. Still, for those folks, Alcatel has brought excellent audio, good battery life, and Continuum support to the IDOL 4S "Pro," and while its built-in VR solution is less than memorable, it's still interesting to see it deployed on a Windows smartphone. So even if for novelty alone, join me for a look at the latest Windows phone: the IDOL 4S with Windows 10. [ABOUT THIS VIDEO] MrMobile's Alcatel IDOL 4S Windows 10 review was produced after five days with an IDOL 4S with Windows 10 review device on loan from Alcatel. The device was tested on T-Mobile US in Greater Boston, US. [PRODUCTS IN THIS VIDEO] Alcatel IDOL 4S with Windows 10: http://www.alcatelonetouch.us/idol-4s... [FURTHER READING] IDOL 4S with Windows 10 review at Windows Central: http://www.windowscentral.com/alcatel... [MUSIC] "The Ballad of MrMobile." Mobile Nations, 2016 "New Media" by Olive Musique, available at Premium Beat: http://www.premiumbeat.com/royalty_fr... "Mind in Motion" by Olive Musique, available at Premium Beat: http://www.premiumbeat.com/royalty_fr... http://mrmobile.tech [DISCLOSURE] This post may contain affiliate links. See Mobile Nations' disclosure policy for more details: http://www.mobilenations.com/external.... When autoplay is enabled, a suggested video will automatically play next.. Nokia McLaren: The Windows Phone That Never Was. Why Does Windows Phone Exist in 2017?. Alcatel Idol 4s Windows 10 Pristine Review. Alcatel Idol 4S with Windows 10 REVIEW. Sony XZ2 Hands-On: A Slow-Motion Comeback?. Best Phones running Windows 10 Mobile 2017. [Review] Alcatel IDOL 4S with Windows 10 Mobile for T-Mobile. The Banana Phone Is Back: Nokia 8110 4G Hands-On. Samsung Galaxy S9: The Upgrade You Expect (With A Camera You May Not). Amazon Prime Exclusive: Should You Sell Your Lockscreen?. Alcatel idol 4s, Is Windows 10 mobile still viable in 2018?. Alcatel Idol 4S Vs Lumia 950XL Speed Comparison. The Xiaomi Mix Is A Slippery Slice Of Incredible. Alcatel Idol 4S with Windows 10.....whaaaaat??????. How Europe lost its tech companies. Alcatel Idol 4s: Unboxing & Review. The Phone I Carried In 2008: What A Difference A Decade Makes. The Smartphone Platform You've Never Heard Of. Planet Gemini PDA Hands-On: The Dream Of The 90s Is Alive. Sign in to add this to Watch Later. 
Free Amazon Fire TV 4K w/ 1 month of DirecTV Now. Xbox One X | Surface Book 2 NEW Dell XPS 13. Pick up the Alcatel Idol 4S with Windows 10 Mobile for $99. Microsoft has cut the price of the unlocked Alcatel Idol 4S with Windows 10 Mobile down to just $99.. If you're looking to stick with the Windows 10 Mobile ecosystem for a bit longer, Microsoft is offering a pretty tempting discount on the Alcatel Idol 4S. The unlocked phone is down to $99 at the Microsoft Store without an included VR headset, which is a cut of $200 from its normal starting price. If you'd prefer to pick up the phone with a VR headset, you can grab that bundle as well for $169 (via MSPU ).. The Alcatel Idol 4S comes unlocked with support for GSM bands, so it should work fine with T-Mobile and AT&T. Inside the phone, you'll find a Snapdragon 820 chip, along with 4GB of RAM and a 3,000 mAh battery with Quick Charge 3.0 support. As for the screen, it's a 5.5-inch FHD AMOLED affair. You'll find a fingerprint sensor on board the Idol 4S as well.. Given that Windows 10 Mobile is kind of flailing in the wind right now , this probably isn't the best time to be jumping into the ecosystem. However, if you're an enthusiast, or simply want a fairly cheap backup phone, this represents a pretty solid deal for what we found to be one of the better Windows 10 Mobile phones on the market when it was released.. Careers: Writer | Dev. 
more ... more .... more ... more .... Alcatel Idol 4S with Windows User Reviews. The overall rating is the average of all user reviews, while the overall alternatives are the ones that has been listed most.. Please note that each user review reflects the opinion of its respectful author and not of Phone Arena.. posted on 02 Feb 2017, 15:31. (Posts: 2339; Member since: 23 Jan 2014). Best Pound For Pound Windows Phone. Crispin_Gatieza has owned it for less than 3 months before publishing this review. This phone checks all the boxes when it comes to performance. There is simply not a more fluid Windows phone out there right now. Some complain about the lack of NFC but the Wallet app has very few banks that support it anyway. Were it not for the lackluster camera performance this would be a slam dunk. The display, speakers and construction are worth the price of admission.. 2 out of 2 people found this review helpful. posted on 11 Nov 2016, 10:19. (Posts: 598; Member since: 28 Jul 2010). cdgoin has owned it for less than month before publishing this review. The Idol 4S reminds me of the HTC One M8 in build quality and finish. Under the body, the Idol 4s hardware is superior the 950XL with faster processor and more RAM and it shows in its performance. Alhough the 950xl technically is a better phone in a few places ( mainly screen and some aspects of its camera).The 950 series feel cheap and plasticky compared to the Idol 4s. Camera: The Idol4S 21MP Camera is about as good as it gets and with a 8MP front camera.. its up there with Nokia in quality camera and on par with Samsung and Apple. That said, the triple LED flash of the 950XL which allows for some neat features only on the 950 series is missing. Build quality : The Idol4S is in line with the HTC ONE M8 Solid Metal frame, and premium finish. Also both have dual speakers on either end of the phone. The glass back also makes for a real clean look. Screen: Let me preface it to say the I have been spoiled by the 950XL for a while. The Idol4S with its 5.5" 401ppi screen is noticeably smaller and the body has more wasted space than the 950XL. So while the Idol frame size (6.05") is a little larger than 950XL ( 5.98" ), the 950XL screen is larger and tighter ( 5.7" screen and 515ppi screen ). This is partly due to the extra bexel for the speakers and frame of the VR Goggles. That said, overall PPI is good, the whites are bright and lines are sharp. Key here is the DPI is lower on the Idol4S so it makes the screen feel smaller., still good. Just overall feels more like a 5.2 screen.... The Idol 4S reminds me of the HTC One M8 in build quality and finish. Under the body, the Idol 4s hardware is superior the 950XL with faster processor and more RAM and it shows in its performance. Alhough the 950xl technically is a better phone in a few places ( mainly screen and some aspects of its camera).The 950 series feel cheap and plasticky compared to the Idol 4s. Camera: The Idol4S 21MP Camera is about as good as it gets and with a 8MP front camera.. its up there with Nokia in quality camera and on par with Samsung and Apple. That said, the triple LED flash of the 950XL which allows for some neat features only on the 950 series is missing. Build quality : The Idol4S is in line with the HTC ONE M8 Solid Metal frame, and premium finish. Also both have dual speakers on either end of the phone. The glass back also makes for a real clean look. Screen: Let me preface it to say the I have been spoiled by the 950XL for a while. The Idol4S with its 5.5" 401ppi screen is noticeably smaller and the body has more wasted space than the 950XL. So while the Idol frame size (6.05") is a little larger than 950XL ( 5.98" ), the 950XL screen is larger and tighter ( 5.7" screen and 515ppi screen ). This is partly due to the extra bexel for the speakers and frame of the VR Goggles. That said, overall PPI is good, the whites are bright and lines are sharp. Key here is the DPI is lower on the Idol4S so it makes the screen feel smaller., still good. Just overall feels more like a 5.2 screen and less like the 5.5 screen it's listed as. That said a Galaxy S7 Has a 5.1" screen and same Screen-to-Body. If the screen were 5.1" like a S7 its PPI would be in line. Simply its a good screen just not a great one. Best I have ever seen on a phone in a long time. Fingerprint scanner : The fingerprint scanner works every time and seems much more responsive than my LG V10 by a long shot. VR Goggles : They are a joke. Only three or 4 apps and 2 terrible games. Also every time you stick them in you have to use their apps no work around. Also the control buttons on them don't interface with the phone real well. They feel much more like a beta product than a real item. In final: The Idol 4s feels premium on a level I haven't seen in a while on a WP. That said the screen is a bit of a let down when compared to my 950XL. But thats because the 950XL is one of the largest and best screens on the market. That said at $469 you wouldn't expect the screen from a $700 phone. Overall its a great deal for premium phone at a mid-grade price. Also given the limited options for WP at carriers it's all that much better. Just know the Goggles are just window dressing and fun for an hour or two. Overall kind of wish they had spent the money and used the 950XL screen and forgone the VR Goggles.. Stereo Speakers that are LOUD and CLEAR. Great Cameras ( 21MP and 8MP ). Low DPI for Screen comparitive to other WPs. 5 out of 5 people found this review helpful. posted on 23 Dec 2017, 12:21. (Posts: 0; Member since: 22 Dec 2017). Good, but NOT as good as advertised. tournelhenry has owned it for less than month before publishing this review. The phone runs fast and smooth. The big specs can be felt. Though, when compared to Lumia cameras, the camera can't go below 0.6s shutter speed (Even Lumia 535 achieves 1s). On the good side, it has its own Panorama mode (and it's great). So, you won't need the Lumia Panorama app, which isn't even as good. SADLY, it doesn't come with headphones/headset. Then, Extras like Gadget, Equaliser, Virtual surround are not available for this device and they won't install. Also, it comes with some glitches; like WhatsApp Web (QR Code scanning issue) and Subway Surfers. The VR is just plain useless. You can't even find good content and if you get your own content from a custom source, the VR launcher app won't find it. It doesn't have FM radio hardware, thus, you can't use FM radio. The Fingerprint reader is so poor. It's slow and hardly recognises you. Most of the time, you'll end up having to use the PIN. The Battery Life is Awesome! With a full charge, this thing could stay from Morning to Evening with heavy usage. If you have no strong reason to use Windows, I'll suggest not buying this. Opt for Android or pick up the Lumia 950 (that is if you have another source because it's out of stock in Microsoft stores now).. Powerful Processor with high RAM (3.5 to 4GB). High Storage (Up to 64GB) and still takes MicroSD. Slow laggy and Inaccurate Fingerprint Sensor. 0 out of 1 people found this review helpful. posted on 15 Jul 2017, 18:38. (Posts: 4; Member since: 27 May 2013). belieber1996 has owned it for less than month before publishing this review. The Idol 4S is the first Windows Phone I've ever owned, and even though it does make good efforts into being a device for mobile productivity and multitasking, it does fall short in a several major areas that may be important for a lot of smartphone users. Aside from the Snapdragon 820 with the RAM/ROM (4 GB/ 64 GB) configurations sounding like an impressive device on paper, it doesn't execute the same performance, even though some transitions on the Idol 4S are smoother than other areas. The 21 MP rear/8 MP front is good at best, with the sharpness and low-light suffering a bit as compared to other high-end device. As a person who had around 70-80 apps downloaded on both an Android/iPhone, I could only download around 30, meaning the Windows 10 Mobile app support is a disappointment. When streaming media, I was definitely pleased with the dual speakers on the AMOLED display, and that's where the 4S holds one of it's strongest points. As for the battery life, it holds up fairly good for an entire work day with streaming music, texting, emailing, etc. Overall the 4S is promising with the hardware and Windows Phone OS, it's the app support in comparison to the the Android/iOS platforms that really don't give the smartphone the credit it truly deserves.. 1 out of 1 people found this review helpful. posted on 13 Feb 2017, 01:19. (Posts: 0; Member since: 13 Feb 2017). dlreimer has owned it for less than month before publishing this review. Just got my new (and first) Alcatel phone (took only 3 days to get to me from ordering online from Microsoft store; I live in Vancouver; well done Microsoft!). Super thin and light! (thinner and lighter than iPhone 6s plus and iPhone 7s plus); much lighter and thinner than HP Elite x3!. High quality solid metallic 'feel' (not plastic Lumia feel). Great screen; 5.5 inch is perfect size for me; not quite as warm as my Lumia 650 OLED screen, but still very bright and clean (same 401 ppi as iPhone 6S Plus and iPhone 7S Plus). Excellent reception; i'm getting more bars and much stronger signal than with my 650. Call clarity is excellent; says 'HD' up in the top corner when i'm calling; i'll have to look into what that means. Finger print reader/Windows Hello works excellent. Love the dedicated camera button! (but not completely used to the location: half way up the right side of the phone...). Super quick charge! Went from 10% to 100% in 30 minutes. Can't make a proper call on battery drain/use; i'm still setting things up; need more time for it to settle down into regular use to make the call... Camera seems good; need more use to make a proper call; it's noticeably much better than my 650, but not sure if it's better than my ATIV SE....; much higher resolution than iPhones.... 64 GB build in storage, plus Micro SD card slot: awesome!. Can't remove battery; this my first phone where I don't have that.... Just got my new (and first) Alcatel phone (took only 3 days to get to me from ordering online from Microsoft store; I live in Vancouver; well done Microsoft!). Super thin and light! (thinner and lighter than iPhone 6s plus and iPhone 7s plus); much lighter and thinner than HP Elite x3!. High quality solid metallic 'feel' (not plastic Lumia feel). Great screen; 5.5 inch is perfect size for me; not quite as warm as my Lumia 650 OLED screen, but still very bright and clean (same 401 ppi as iPhone 6S Plus and iPhone 7S Plus). Excellent reception; i'm getting more bars and much stronger signal than with my 650. Call clarity is excellent; says 'HD' up in the top corner when i'm calling; i'll have to look into what that means. Finger print reader/Windows Hello works excellent. Love the dedicated camera button! (but not completely used to the location: half way up the right side of the phone...). Super quick charge! Went from 10% to 100% in 30 minutes. Can't make a proper call on battery drain/use; i'm still setting things up; need more time for it to settle down into regular use to make the call... Camera seems good; need more use to make a proper call; it's noticeably much better than my 650, but not sure if it's better than my ATIV SE....; much higher resolution than iPhones.... 64 GB build in storage, plus Micro SD card slot: awesome!. Can't remove battery; this my first phone where I don't have that option; not sold on this... Super slippery feel; if you have dry hands, you better get a case (I ordered one of off dBay for $6.99; i'll let you know the verdict when I get it). Only 3.5 GB RAM; my 3 year old ATIV SE has 2 GB RAM; for the price i just paid, i'm thinking I should be getting more RAM.... The camera lens sticks out on the back a bit farther than I thought it would; I hope I don't damage it.... USB 3 connector means none of my other charger cables at work or school will work with this phone....have to get new extra cables. So far: love this phone! Have not tried any of the VR stuff yet. By the way: don't 'restore from back up' when setting this phone up for the firs time; i restored from my Lumia 650 cause i wanted my start screen to look the same, and was too lazy to start from scratch; but...when none of the VR stuff showed up, i reset the phone and started new, and i got all the Alcatel VR stuff; not sure if i'll use it, but i'll give it a try. Very solid Hardware; hope the software and apps keep up..... 2 out of 2 people found this review helpful. You must be a registered user to post a user review. Idol 4S with Windows news. Save 64% on the Windows 10 Mobile powered Alcatel Idol 4S from the Microsoft Store. Microsoft's Black Friday 2017 deals include savings on two Android flagship phones. Deal: Alcatel Idol 4S with Windows 10 drops to $225 on Amazon. Alcatel Idol 4 Pro with Windows 10 gets delayed once again. Microsoft still struggling to get the Alcatel Idol 4 Pro into the hands of customers. Alcatel Idol 4 Pro with Windows 10 goes on pre-order in Europe via Microsoft. The Samsung Galaxy S9 and S9+ have game-changing cameras with variable aperture and 960fps slow-mo video recording. The Big Barcelona Camera Comparison: iPhone X vs Pixel 2 XL vs Note 8. Samsung Galaxy S9 and S9+ rumor review: Specs, design, features, price and release date. Sony presents Xperia XZ2 and XZ2 Compact: new design and Snapdragon 845. Galaxy S9 Exynos edition gets benchmarked against rivals!. Galaxy S9 first camera comparison vs iPhone X, V30, S8. Samsung Galaxy S9 & S9+ hands-on. MWC 2018: top smartphones to expect. Best smartphone you can buy in 2018. Allo is a quality app, but Google isn't giving it a real chance. All content (phone reviews, news, specs, info), design and layouts are Copyright 2001-2018 phoneArena.com. Reproduction in whole or in part or in any form or medium without written permission is prohibited! Privacy. 
https:/ / www.phonescoop.com/ phones/ phone.php? p=5182. Alcatel Idol 4S with Windows 10. 1080 x 1920 pixels 401 ppi. 3000 mAh LiIon Non-removable Talk: 20 hours max. 64 GB raw hardware Expandable via memory card. 20+ megapixel LED flash HDR, panorama, manual mode Video: 4K UHD. 6.06 x 2.97 x 0.28 in. 154 x 75 x 7 mm. Rating: M4, T3 (mostly tele-coil compatible). Supported Profiles: HFP 1.6, OPP , PBA , A2DP 1.2, AVRC 1.4, PAN , MAP version 4.1. Connector: USB Type C supports USB-OTG. Card Type: microSD up to 128 GB. Find a mistake or omission? Submit a Correction. This high-end Windows 10 phone sports a thin glass-and-metal design, fast Snapdragon 820 processor, 21-megapixel camera, stereo speakers, and 5.5-inch display. It also supports Windows 10's unique Continuum feature that lets you access full Windows 10 by connecting a keyboard and display. Other features include fingerprint reader, memory card slot, 3.5mm audio jack, and USB-C port.. LTE 2 / 4 / 12. WCDMA 1 / 2 / 4 / 5. GSM 850 / 900 / 1800 / 1900. band 1 (I) / 2100 MHz. IMT (Europe, Asia, Africa, Oceania, Brazil, India, Israel). band 2 (II) / 1900 MHz. band 4 (IV) / 1700 MHz. band 5 (V) / 850 MHz. Review: Alcatel Idol 4S with Windows 10. Subscribe to updates on this phone with RSS. Review: Speck Presidio Ultra Case for iPhone X. Speck's newest case for the Apple iPhone X, the Presidio Ultra, is a three-piece kit that includes a base case, an extra bumper, and a rugged holster. If you need hardcore protection with a little bit of flexibility throughout the day, the Presidio Ultra is an interesting entry.. Review: WeBoost Drive Sleek In-Car Signal Booster. WeBoost's Drive Sleek in-vehicle signal booster amplifies wireless signals inside your car. If you're a mobile professional or road trip fanatic and need better wireless performance when behind the wheel, the WeBoost can help.. Review: IK Multimedia iRig Pro I/O for iPhone. The iRig Pro I/O is a compact audio interface that lets musicians, singers, and podcasters connect their instruments or microphones to Apple iPhones, iPads, and Macs. It takes all the best features of the larger iRig Pro Duo and boils them down to the most essential tools in a highly portable package.. Review: Tech 21 Evo Check Case for Pixel 2 XL. Tech 21's latest accessory for the Google Pixel 2 XL is the Evo Check, a three-layer case that provides protection for drops up to three meters. We put this case to the test to see if it's worth your hard-earned dollars.. Hands On with the Samsung Galaxy S9 and S9+. Samsung's new flagship handsets, the Galaxy S9 and S9+, are here and they offer lots to be excited about. Samsung took the wining design of last year's phones and upped the ante with improvements to the chassis, cameras, and software.. Review: Coolpad Revvl Plus for T-Mobile. The Revvl Plus is an affordable Android slab that delivers an enormous screen at a reasonable price point. Stand-out features include a dual-camera system for capturing bokeh-style portraits, and a fingerprint reader for security. Here is Phone Scoop's in-depth report.. Review: Kingston DataTraveler Duo Bolt for iPhone. The Kingston DataTraveler Duo Bolt is a small thumb drive that plugs into the bottom of your iPhone and saves all your photos and videos. If you're looking for a quick way to free up space on your iOS device, the DataTraveler Duo Bolt is ideal in certain situations.. Review: ZTE Avid 4 for MetroPCS. ZTE's latest low-cost handset for MetroPCS offers entry-level specs and performance. It includes a 5-inch screen, 8-megapixel camera, and Android 7 Nougat. MetroPCS customers can score this handset for next to nothing, but there might be better options. Here is Phone Scoop's in-depth review.. Subscribe to Phone Scoop News with RSS. Subscribe to Phone Scoop on YouTube. All content Copyright 2001-2018 Phone Factor, LLC. Content on this site may not be copied or republished without formal permission.. By registering, you agree to our Terms of Use. We value your privacy and will never share your email address. 
Menu Login Sign Up. Find the Best Cell Phone and Plan for You. Wirefly helps you save on cell phones and plans by offering innovative comparison tools so consumers can make educated choices. Compare Phones and Plans Compare Cell Phones. How Much Data Do I Need. Wirefly helps you save on Internet service by offering innovative comparison tools to compare Internet providers in your area.. Compare Internet by ZIP Code Compare Internet & TV Bundles Compare Business Internet. Test your current internet connection with our speed test and see what services your provider can handle. Find out your download speed, upload speed, latency, and more.. Test Your Internet Speed Internet Speed Test. Alcatel Idol 4S with Windows 10 for T-Mobile Plans. Compare Cell Phones > Alcatel. View all the T-Mobile plans that work with the Alcatel Idol 4S with Windows 10. Compare T-Mobile plans that are compatible with the Alcatel Idol 4S with Windows 10 using our tool below.. Motorola RAZR V3 Dolce & Gabbana. DROID RAZR MAXX HD by Motorola. Alcatel Idol 4S with Windows 10. is a 4G LTE device with fingerprint scanner that runs on Windows 10 Mobile. There is a 5.5-inch AMOLED display, 1080x1920 resolution, and 401ppi index. It is equipped with a 2.15GHz Quad-Core Qualcomm Snapdragon 820 processor, 4GB of RAM, and the Adreno 530 GPU. There is an onboard storage of 64GB plus a microSD card slot for up to 32GB memory expansion. For photos, the device has a 21MP rear-facing camera with HD video recording and an. The battery has the ability to last up to 13. hours of talk time and 17.5. View all the T-Mobile plans that work with the Alcatel Idol 4S with Windows 10. Compare T-Mobile plans that are compatible with the Alcatel Idol 4S with Windows 10 using our tool below.. Alcatel Idol 4S with Windows 10. Alcatel Idol 4S with Windows 10 for T-Mobile Plans. Plans Unlocked Specs Media Reviews Deals. - Any - 0 5KB 50MB 30MB 100MB 125MB 150MB 200MB 250MB 300MB 334MB 350MB 375MB 400MB 500MB 600MB 625MB 700MB 800MB 834MB 900MB 938MB 1GB 1.2GB 1.5GB 1.6GB 2GB 2.03GB 2.5GB 3GB 3.7GB 4GB 5GB 6GB 6.1GB 7GB 7.3GB 8GB 8.5GB 9GB 10GB 11GB 12GB 13GB 14GB 15GB 16GB 18GB 20GB 22GB 23GB 24GB 25GB 30GB 32GB 35GB 40GB 50GB 60GB 80GB 85GB 100GB 120GB 150GB 200GB Unlimited. - Any - AT&T Atlantis Telecom Boost Mobile Cricket SpeedTalk Mobile BOOM Mobile CREDO Mobile GIV Mobile MetroPCS Net10 Pix Wireless Project Fi Pure TalkUSA Red Pocket Mobile ROK Mobile Republic Wireless Sprint Straight Talk Ting T-Mobile TextNow Tello Teltik TPO Mobile Twigby US Mobile Verizon Wireless Virgin Mobile. - Any - Monthly/No Contract Prepaid. Sort by: Price Carrier Minutes Data. Alcatel Idol 4S with Windows 10 Unboxing and First Impressions. Alcatel and T-Mobile have teamed up to release the Idol 4S with Windows 10.. Expert Review User reviews. 20% off any order When You order any Phone or Phone Bundle with Airtime. Up to 25% off French Market Coffee with Subscribe and Save.. Use code: VZWDEAL at checkout for instant savings. Get $100 off iPhone 7 or 7 Plus. Get $100 off iPhone 8 or 8 Plus. Get $100 off iPhone X with code VZWDEAL. Get a $25 gift card & waived activation fee with the purchase of a GizmoPal 2, GizmoGadget or GizmoTab. Code: GIZMOKIDS25, must submit receipt & UPC(s) via vzw.com/digitalrebatecenter. Other Phones on T-Mobile Other Alcatel Phones. Find the Best Cell Phone and Plan for You. Wirefly helps you save on cell phones and plans by offering innovative comparison tools so consumers can make educated choices. Find The Best TV and Internet Providers For You. Paying too much for Internet or TV service? Use our tool to compare Internet providers, TV providers, and bundled services.. LeEco Le Pro3 LeEco Le S3 Huawei Mate 9 Alcatel Ideal Samsung Galaxy Luna BLU Studio C 8+8 HTC Bolt OnePlus 3T ZTE Avid Trio LG 238C. Wirefly Is America's Most Trusted Source For All Cell Phones, Plans, TV, and Internet Deals. Wirefly offers great deals on a large selection of smartphones, cell phones, tablets, mobile hotspots, and other wireless devices for the nation's most popular carriers. Use Wirefly’s innovative cell phone and plan comparison tools to ensure you are getting the best deal on the market. Shop with confidence knowing that Wirefly wants to help you find the best prices on cell phones, cell phone plans, TV, and Internet service.. Privacy Policy | Term of Use | Contact | About Us. WireFly.com © 2018 All Rights Reserved. 
http:/ / www.phonescoop.com/ articles/ article.php? a=18390 &p=all. Review: Alcatel Idol 4S with Windows 10. Alcatel modified its impressive Idol 4S and swapped Android for Windows. This high-end Windows 10 handset boasts a solid spec sheet, attractive design, good build quality, and a reasonable price point. Alcatel did, however, make several compromises that hold this phone back. The Idol 4S with Windows 10 is a rehash of Alcatel's best-ever Android phone. The company changed up several key specs, improved performance along the way, but left the appealing metal-and-glass design unsullied. If you're looking for a high-end Windows 10 experience, look no further than the Idol 4S.. Outwardly, the only difference between the Android-based Idol 4S and the new Windows-based Idol 4S is the coloration. Where the Android version was a deep blue with gray metal, the Windows version has black glass and gold metal. The Idol 4S is Alcatel at its best as far as design is concerned. The company clearly took some cues from the likes of Samsung and Sony in crafting the phone, yet Alcatel managed to give the 4S an identity all its own.. The metal-and-glass build of the 4S for Windows trounces the current crop of other Windows 10 phones (which, to be fair, isn't that large.) The gold metal frame wraps around the outer edges of the handset. The metal is polished to a shiny finish along the edges, generating some eye-catching chamfers. The frame is sandwiched between two glass panels. Both the front and rear pieces of glass have curved edges, which help smooth over the seam between metal and glass.. The Idol 4S is a fairly large phone, due mostly to its 5.5-inch screen. Its dimensions are close to that of the OnePlus 3 and Pixel XL, though it is not as large as the iPhone 7 Plus and LG V20. Alcatel kept the thickness in check at 0.28 inches (7mm). The phone isn't too heavy; I expected the glass and metal materials to lend it more heft, but the weight is quite nice. The 4S is a phablet, for sure, so it may not work for those with smaller hands. I didn't have any trouble using it over the course of a week, but it does require two hands at times. The phone's slippery surfaces allow it to slide into pockets easily.. Alcatel did a great job manufacturing the 4S. The materials are excellent and fitted together tightly. The phone feels like a quality piece of hardware. Nothing about this phone is cheap.. Alcatel located the stereo speakers in the metal frame itself (rather than cut the glass). You can see the small grille holes that have been drilled into the metal, but you have to look closely. The user-facing camera is the only clue as to which end is up. (It's too bad the phone isn't reversible, like the Android version.) There are no buttons or controls on the front surface, as the phone uses software buttons that come and go as needed.. Alcatel put the screen lock button at the top of Idol's left edge. (The majority of phone makers position the screen lock button in a more-reachable spot on the right side of the phone.) Despite its awkward location, the button has a great profile and excellent travel and feedback. The SIM card / memory card tray is tucked into the frame just below that. The Idol 4S for Android supports two SIM cards, but the Windows version only supports one SIM card and one microSD card. (That's a shame, but was likely mandated by T-Mobile, which sells the phone in the U.S.). The right edge holds the volume toggle and the camera button. The volume toggle is a thin strip, but it is easy to find and use. I appreciate the profile and feedback. The camera button (called the "boom key" on the Android Idol 4S) is smack in the middle of the right edge. It's a circular button that has a big profile and is a cinch to find. In fact, it's too easy to find; I found myself pressing / activating it accidentally all the darned time. It's a shame Alcatel ditched the idea of a user-programmable button. Still, it's nice to have a dedicated camera button. You'll find the 3.5mm headphone jack on the top.. The Idol 4S with Windows swaps a microUSB port on the bottom for a USB-C port. This means more limited accessory compatibility for now, but it's also crucial to the Windows Continuum feature for full-PC behavior.. The fingerprint reader is the central focus of the rear panel. The panel is angled such that any reflected light appears to emanate from the small circle that is the fingerprint reader. The reader and the camera have gold accents to match the frame. While the reader is flush with the rear surface, the camera module juts out quite noticeably. I wish the reader were easier to find by touch. The back panel cannot be removed, so the battery is inaccessible.. The Idol 4S for Windows is every bit as good as its Android-based brother. It's a quality piece of hardware that should appeal to those seeking a classier Windows experience than what's offered by the remnants of the Lumia series.. Alcatel dropped the quad HD resolution of the Android 4S for a full HD panel on the Windows 4S. The Windows 4S has a 5.5-inch screen and there's no question it's attractive. It delivers sharp on-screen elements, plenty of brightness, and good viewing angles. I found the screen worked well indoors and out, but you will need to crank up the brightness when outdoors.. The loss of quad HD resolution is a big blow to the 4S's virtual reality performance. Quad HD is definitely the way to go for VR. With 1.6 million fewer pixels, the Windows 4S doesn't provide nearly the level of performance I want from VR. The experience is much better on higher-resolution screens, like the one on the Android version.. The Idol 4S with Windows is limited when compared to the Android version. Where Alcatel is selling the Android 4S unlocked with decent LTE support, the Windows Idol 4S is locked to T-Mobile and, worse, only supports T-Mobile's older LTE bands (2, 4, 12). (It would be nice if it supported band 66 like the LG V20, although this isn't a deal-breaker.). That said, T-Mobile customers should be happy with the Idol 4S. The phone connected every call on the first dial, no matter the network conditions. It dropped one call on the highway, but did not send any calls directly to voicemail. I didn't have any trouble streaming Spotify or YouTube over the network, but remember that T-Mobile caps music/video quality to lower resolutions. Popular smartphone apps, such as Facebook, Instagram, and email, all worked flawlessly thanks to the Idol's good data performance.. Alcatel prides itself on making loud phones and the Idol 4S is pretty darned loud. The earpiece delivers an insane amount of sound to your ear canal. Volume doesn't necessarily equate quality, and the 4S suffers a bit from distortion at higher volume levels. Call clarity is average when compared to other T-Mobile devices. The incredible volume simply means you can hear calls almost everywhere you take the phone. People I spoke to via the 4S said I sounded "clear.". The speakerphone is crazy loud, and it, too, suffers from distortion. You can hear calls in the car, in the mall, and probably at an AC/DC concert, but words are still sometimes hard to decipher.. Ringers and alerts can be set loud enough to induce panic attacks.. The 4S is a fine companion for listening to music. The stereo speakers work well, particularly when you want to watch some video. It puts out enough sound for one big room, or a small outdoor deck/patio area.. The Idol 4S with Windows packs the same 3,000 mAh battery as found in the Android version. The good news here is that it performed better than the Android version, which is to say it had a bit more juice left at the end of the day. Where the Android Idol 4S was gasping for breath at bedtime, the Windows version still had a solid 20% left, if not a bit more. This is likely due to the lower resolution of the display, although the OS and processor differences may also be playing a role. It's worth noting that I never killed off the battery entirely, not even on days I took the VR apps for a spin.. The phone includes the base Windows Mobile battery saver tool, but nothing extra from Alcatel. It can be customized to a small degree in order to tone down some behaviors to cut back on power use.. Thankfully, the 4S supports fast charging and ships with a fast charger. I you get home from work and have only 40% battery left, plugging it in for 15 or 20 minutes will get you back up to 75% or 80%.. The Idol 4S has the expected set of secondary radios and they mostly get the job done.. The Bluetooth radio was able to connect to the majority of devices without trouble. I was pleased with calls routed through a mono headset, which were much clearer than I expected. Calls sent to my car's hands-free system were solid, too. Music was quite good when pushed to a Bluetooth speaker, though the phone's internal speakers are often good enough.. Together with the Windows Maps app, the Idol 4S was able to locate me in under 10 seconds and accuracy was as good as about 50 feet. The phone allowed for trouble-free, real-time navigation between points with ease.. Unlike the Android version, the Windows 4S does not have NFC.. The Windows 10 lock screen is fairly decent as far as managing incoming alerts is concerned.. Nothing pops up on its own, so you do need to press the screen lock button or double-press the glass to view any lock screen content. The 4S lock screen shows a large clock, the date, and user-customizable notifications on top of your wallpaper. You can elect to show basic badge count notifications from several apps (email, calendar, phone, messaging) on the screen. Moreover, you may prioritize one of these on the lock screen. I've always prefered prioritizing the calendar app because it highlights my next event.. You can choose whether or not the Action Center is accessible from this screen. The Action Center (which is similar to Android's Quick Settings menu) drops down for access to certain controls and in-depth notifications. I like that you can respond to notifications directly from the Action Center.. The Idol 4S for Windows includes a fingerprint sensor. The Windows software will walk you through the process of adding fingerprints and it's fairly painless. The reader is quick and accurate. If you're not interested in the fingerprint sensor, you can choose a PIN or password to secure the phone instead. The fingerprint reader is the fastest way to unlock the phone as long is you're already holding the device in your hand. If the Idol 4S is sitting on a table or desk you have to double tap the screen, swipe up the notifications, and enter your PIN.. Windows 10 Mobile runs on the Idol 4S as it does on all other Windows handsets. It includes dynamic Live Tiles on the Start screen, as well as an array of drop-down and slide-over panels for controlling various aspects of the phone.. You can arrange the Live Tiles into three columns, and the tiles are available in small, medium, and large sizes. Many of the Live Tiles update automatically with content and notifications, while others are just simple app icons. I like that you can manage the transparency of the tiles as well as their color. The Start screen, arranged in an unending vertical column, supports folders, changing wallpapers, and so on.. The full app menu is a long list of apps sorted alphabetically in a single column. A search bar at the top is the quickest way to find apps if you have dozens or more installed.. The system settings are broken down into groups and each group clearly spells out what controls or tools are within. As in the app menu, a search bar makes finding individual settings a breeze. You can make all the typical adjustments to the phone, such as colors, themes, ringers and alert sounds, and so on. It's all fairly easy to digest.. The Idol 4S is the fastest Windows 10 device I've used. The Snapdragon 820 processor and 4 GB of RAM are more than enough power for this handset, especially considering the full HD screen. It's like Alcatel put a Ferrari engine into a Ford. The Idol 4S performed smoothly across the board and never felt sluggish.. The dedicated camera button is configurable. You can double press to open the camera from the lock screen, or set it to launch and fire off a shot. Once pressed, the camera launches quickly. The 4S uses the default Windows 10 app, which is straightforward and easy to use.. There are only three basic shooting modes: camera, video, and panorama. You can program the camera button to take single images, or fire a burst / shoot video with a long press. You can touch the image to lock in focus, but you always have to use the shutter button to capture images.. A small strip adorns the top of the viewfinder and holds the controls that let you switch to the user-facing camera, toggle through the flash settings, and turn HDR on or off (there's no “auto” HDR setting). The strip expands to reveal the Pro shooting tools, which include full manual controls. When in Pro mode, you can manage white balance, exposure, ISO, brightness, and focus all on your own. Sadly, shutter speeds are limited to 0.6 seconds at the slowest, which limits creative potential. A timelapse function is available from within the settings tools.. Beyond these tools, there are no other shooting modes included. For example, there's no bokeh, no filters, no sport mode, no night/evening mode, etc. However you can download Lenses — which add back some of these features — from the Windows Store. (Sadly, Microsoft's Lumia-branded Lenses are off-limits.) The camera performs well, thanks to the Snapdragon 820 chip. It takes but an instant for the phone to focus, capture images, save them, and get ready to shoot another images. Shooting with HDR takes a lot longer compared to other phones I've tested lately.. Alcatel gave the Windows 4S a 21-megapixel Sony Exmor camera sensor, quite a bump over the 16-megapixel shooter in the Android version. The camera app defaults to the 16:9 aspect ratio, which crops images to a lower resolution. You need to change the setting to 4:3 to get the full pixel count.. In general, the Windows 4S takes sharper images than the Android 4S and dramatically better pictures than any other Windows phone I've reviewed this year. As sharp as the pictures are, exposure and white balance could both be a bit more consistent. The 4S has a little bit of trouble with low-light scenes, and the HDR function didn't produce results that are as dynamic as other phones I've tested recently. There's no doubt the Idol 4S is a good option for Windows Phone users.. The 8-megapixel selfie cam does a decent job, too. It doesn't offer any features other than a selfie flash (screen burst). Using the flash helps a LOT when taking selfies indoors. The phone can capture video up to 4K, but you'll be best served by sticking with full HD. The phone struggled a bit when recording 4K footage and got really, really warm. The 4K results look okay, but not significantly better than full HD footage.. Bottom line: the Idol 4S with Windows is a solid everyday shooter.. T-Mobile kept the bloatware to a minimum. In fact, the T-Mobile account management app is the only T-Mobile app pre-installed. Some third-party apps such as Uber are on board, but Windows allows you to delete most unwanted apps with ease.. Perhaps most importantly, the 4S supports Continuum, which allows it to serve as a full Windows 10 PC when connected to the appropriate set of accessories. I tested it with my Continuum hub and found performance to be on par with the Lumia 950. That means the device is a serviceable PC substitute, but it's not the best experience on earth. Specifically, apps felt a bit slow in Continuum mode. Screen transitions were also a bit laggy here and there. You can still get away with using the Idol 4S as a full computer, but I'd shy away from processor-intensive tasks like gaming. You'll be pleased as long as you stick to simple browsing or document editing.. Microsoft's Office productivity suite is on board, and includes Word, Excel, PowerPoint, OneNote, and OneDrive. The apps are excellent for making quick edits or creating new documents. OneDrive automatically syncs everything so your files are accessible from anywhere. The utility of these apps cannot be understated. The same goes for the Outlook email app, and the Edge browser. Let's not forget the Cortana voice assistant, which gets smarter every day.. The Idol 4S with Windows is the first Windows handset to ship with a VR viewer. In truth, it's the exact same viewer Alcatel offered with the Android Idol 4S. There is a good selection of VR content aboard the phone, but none of it is very good.. I was displeased with the VR experience as a whole. The viewer itself is fine, but the apps and performance of the phone in the headset simply don't match what's available to Android devices. The lower screen resolution hurts the most, but so does the lack of compatibility with known and trusted VR apps/services from Google, like YouTube VR. Right now, all my favorite VR content is that which I've shot myself using the Google Cardboard camera. None of that is accessible to the Idol 4S with Windows.. Alcatel worked with Microsoft to shoehorn VR content onto this device. Who knows what Alcatel's commitment will be to keeping this content fresh and updated.. In other words, don't buy the Idol 4S with Windows for the VR experience.. The Alcatel Idol 4S is the best Windows phone for most people because it offers a good balance of performance from the cost. It's not as powerful nor as configurable as the HP Elite X3, but it's much better than the wilted crop of handsets from Microsoft.. Alcatel did a fine job crafting an appealing piece of hardware in the Idol 4S. The metal-and-glass design is attractive and well-made. It is slim, light, easy to use, and the physical controls all function perfectly.. I'm glad to have the speedier Snapdragon 820 processor and snappier 21-megapixel camera sensor aboard. I think the Idol 4S loses something by dropping the screen resolution from quad HD to full HD, but many may appreciate the better battery life that results.. Microsoft's platform is workable and the productivity apps are top-notch. I wish the camera had more features and more marquee apps were available to the platform.. The Idol 4S does offer Windows Continuum, and it works, which may be a boon to busy business travelers.. The VR feature is stymied by the low-res screen and relative lack of content.. Saying the Alcatel Idol 4S is the best value of any modern Windows phone is easy, even at $480.. view article organized across multiple pages. Alcatel Adds Fingerprint Reader to Idol 4S, Selling Bundle for $350. Alcatel today announced launch details for the Idol 4S phone. The company added a fingerprint sensor to the US variant of the phone, a feature not included when the Idol 4S was first announced in February.. BlackBerry DTEK60 Boasts Fingerprint Sensor and Top Specs. BlackBerry today announced the DTEK60, the company's new flagship non-keyboard phone. The DTEK60 is based on the Alcatel Idol 4S and looks similar, but actually has significantly upgraded specs in nearly every respect.. T-Mobile Outs Windows 10 VR Phone From Alcatel. T-Mobile today listed the "Alcatel IDOL 4S with Windows 10 VR" on its web site. The unique version of the Idol 4S not only runs Windows 10, but sports many of the upgrades available in the related BlackBerry DTEK60, such as the high-end Snapdragon 820 processor, 21-megapixel camera, and USB Type-C connector, none of which are in the standard Idol 4S.. Alcatel Makes the Idol 4S with Windows Official. Alcatel today announced a new variant of the Idol 4S with Windows 10 Mobile on board. This handset carries over the chassis of the Android-based model, but changes a number of key specifications.. Alcatel Idol 4S with Windows Now Available Unlocked. Alcatel today made its Idol 4S with Windows 10 smartphone available unlocked from the Microsoft Store. The Windows Idol 4S has a 5.5-inch full HD display, Snapdragon 820 processor, 21-megapixel camera, and USB Type-C.. Alcatel Idol 4S with Windows 10. 4 GB RAM 3,000 mAh battery. Headphone Jack (3.5mm), Fingerprint Reader, Memory Card Slot. Subscribe to news & reviews with RSS. Review: WeBoost Drive Sleek In-Car Signal Booster. WeBoost's Drive Sleek in-vehicle signal booster amplifies wireless signals inside your car. If you're a mobile professional or road trip fanatic and need better wireless performance when behind the wheel, the WeBoost can help.. Review: IK Multimedia iRig Pro I/O for iPhone. The iRig Pro I/O is a compact audio interface that lets musicians, singers, and podcasters connect their instruments or microphones to Apple iPhones, iPads, and Macs. It takes all the best features of the larger iRig Pro Duo and boils them down to the most essential tools in a highly portable package.. Review: Tech 21 Evo Check Case for Pixel 2 XL. Tech 21's latest accessory for the Google Pixel 2 XL is the Evo Check, a three-layer case that provides protection for drops up to three meters. We put this case to the test to see if it's worth your hard-earned dollars.. Hands On with the Samsung Galaxy S9 and S9+. Samsung's new flagship handsets, the Galaxy S9 and S9+, are here and they offer lots to be excited about. Samsung took the wining design of last year's phones and upped the ante with improvements to the chassis, cameras, and software.. Review: Kingston DataTraveler Duo Bolt for iPhone. The Kingston DataTraveler Duo Bolt is a small thumb drive that plugs into the bottom of your iPhone and saves all your photos and videos. If you're looking for a quick way to free up space on your iOS device, the DataTraveler Duo Bolt is ideal in certain situations.. Review: Coolpad Revvl Plus for T-Mobile. The Revvl Plus is an affordable Android slab that delivers an enormous screen at a reasonable price point. Stand-out features include a dual-camera system for capturing bokeh-style portraits, and a fingerprint reader for security. Here is Phone Scoop's in-depth report.. Review: Speck Presidio Ultra Case for iPhone X. Speck's newest case for the Apple iPhone X, the Presidio Ultra, is a three-piece kit that includes a base case, an extra bumper, and a rugged holster. If you need hardcore protection with a little bit of flexibility throughout the day, the Presidio Ultra is an interesting entry.. Review: ZTE Avid 4 for MetroPCS. ZTE's latest low-cost handset for MetroPCS offers entry-level specs and performance. It includes a 5-inch screen, 8-megapixel camera, and Android 7 Nougat. MetroPCS customers can score this handset for next to nothing, but there might be better options. Here is Phone Scoop's in-depth review.. Subscribe to Phone Scoop News with RSS. Subscribe to Phone Scoop on YouTube. All content Copyright 2001-2018 Phone Factor, LLC. Content on this site may not be copied or republished without formal permission.. By registering, you agree to our Terms of Use. We value your privacy and will never share your email address. 
Free Amazon Fire TV 4K w/ 1 month of DirecTV Now. Forums Shop Toggle Search. Order Xbox One X | Surface Book 2 NEW Dell XPS 13. t f p i r Download App Podcast Tip Us!. Log in or Sign up Fewer ads and it's free!. Lumias are on sale again in the Microsoft Store? 661 L950 or 950 xl ? 2018 241 Do I have a virus?! 212 Xbox us for uk 200 PWA on windows phone 199 Virus on lumia 950? 198. Forum Windows Central Community The Marketplace - Buy, Sell & Trade Marketplace Archive Alcatel Idol 4S Windows, VR, T-Mo (Unlocked). 38 1 2 Jump to page: tools. Advanced Search Show Printable Version. Item Description: Alcatel Idol 4S Windows 10 Mobile, Dedicated VR Headset, Continuum Ready, 5.5" 1080p AMOLED, SD 820, 64GB internal storage, SD slot, 4GB RAM, 21MP main camera, 8MP ffc, Stereo speakers, 3000 mAh, Type C Price: $120 USD includes free Priority Mail (US address only) Carrier Locked or Unlocked?: Unlocked from T-Mo Condition: Good ( a couple of small blemishes), screen is pristine Includes: Idol 4S, VR Headset, factory charger & cable, original box & documents, Incipio case, 2x Tempered Glass screen protectors, extra large cleaning cloth Item Location: Springfield, MO Shipping Details: Free USPS Priority Mail to US Address Payment Options: PayPal Gift Additional Info: On date of posting Swappa says $124 USD average for this device. Very little use, functions 100%, cosmetically still very nice, extra Incipio case, extra Tempered Glass x2 = good value at $120 USD. Photos: Contact Info - Please PM or post below (do not post your email address). Share Share this post on Digg Del.icio.us Technorati Twitter. libra89 , nick popplewell and Guytronic like this.. Share Share this post on Digg Del.icio.us Technorati Twitter. ...It's top of the line hardware for W10M + VR to boot.. Share Share this post on Digg Del.icio.us Technorati Twitter. Share Share this post on Digg Del.icio.us Technorati Twitter. Nate W and jmshub like this.. Things that go bump in the night..... Share Share this post on Digg Del.icio.us Technorati Twitter. would a potential buyer absolutely have to purchase the VR headset also? I totally understand if you won't sale one without the other seeing as how the goggles are 100% useless without the phone, good luck with your sale. Not sure why someone would want to break up the set. I could sell everything minus the headset and then try and sell that to someone. It would fit Idol 4S Windows, Idol 4S Android, Idol 4S Pro (Euro-Windows) or Blackberry DTEK60. If it would make the sale, and if the discount wanted for no headset wasn't too great... Or the buyer could try and sell the headset themselves.. yeah I know, but I see the headsets alone on other sites all the and I'm like what are ppl doing with these things? but ok, I had a 4s awhile back but I cracked it and sold it and I wouldn't mind having another one if the price is right. Also, if anyone wants a Microsoft Continuum Dock to round out the package I have one. I'll include it for an extra $30.. Share Share this post on Digg Del.icio.us Technorati Twitter. Share Share this post on Digg Del.icio.us Technorati Twitter. Share Share this post on Digg Del.icio.us Technorati Twitter. Still holding at $110 without the Continuum Dock... Seems a great price to me and well below the market value. I ship Priority Mail to a US address so you still have time to get this in for Christmas. Top shelf hardware, good looks, Continuum and VR. This would be a nice present for someone. Pro Tip: You know you want it, tell "Santa" about it and show them the thread. You never know, it might work.. Was thinking about it but got a lg v20 instead, as we reach the last of w10 mobile running devices. I wouldn't mind it as another back up to my 950. Just looking up alacatel updates and support by them and doesn't look appealing, not sure who's running the last fast ring updates on it.. Well you won't get it in time for Christmas any longer... But here is what you can get: $130 = Idol 4S Windows + box and documents + OEM charger + VR Headset + Tempered Glass protector x2 + Incipio Case + large cleaning cloth + Microsoft Continuum Dock + free USPS Priority Mail shipping to a US address $110 = Idol 4S Windows + OEM charger + Tempered Glass protector x2 + Incipio Case + Microsoft Continuum Dock + free USPS Priority Mail shipping to a US address $105 = Idol 4S Windows + box and documents + OEM charger + VR Headset + Tempered Glass protector x2 + Incipio Case + large cleaning cloth + free USPS Priority Mail shipping to a US address $90 = Idol 4S Windows + OEM charger + Tempered Glass protector x2 + Incipio Case + free USPS Priority Mail shipping to a US address Outside the US? PM me with your location for a shipping quote to add to any package price.. Share Share this post on Digg Del.icio.us Technorati Twitter. Share Share this post on Digg Del.icio.us Technorati Twitter. OK, this is stupid low and the price won't go any lower. $125 = Idol 4S Windows + box and documents + OEM charger + VR Headset + Tempered Glass protector x2 + Incipio Case + large cleaning cloth + Microsoft Continuum Dock + free USPS Priority Mail shipping to a US address $105 = Idol 4S Windows + OEM charger + Tempered Glass protector x2 + Incipio Case + Microsoft Continuum Dock + free USPS Priority Mail shipping to a US address $100 = Idol 4S Windows + box and documents + OEM charger + VR Headset + Tempered Glass protector x2 + Incipio Case + large cleaning cloth + free USPS Priority Mail shipping to a US address $85 = Idol 4S Windows + OEM charger + Tempered Glass protector x2 + Incipio Case + free USPS Priority Mail shipping to a US address Outside the US? PM me with your location for a shipping quote to add to any package price.. Share Share this post on Digg Del.icio.us Technorati Twitter. jmshub , Nate W and ruwaichijo like this.. OK, this is stupid low and the price won't go any lower. $125 = Idol 4S Windows + box and documents + OEM charger + VR Headset + Tempered Glass protector x2 + Incipio Case + large cleaning cloth + Microsoft Continuum Dock + free USPS Priority Mail shipping to a US address $105 = Idol 4S Windows + OEM charger + Tempered Glass protector x2 + Incipio Case + Microsoft Continuum Dock + free USPS Priority Mail shipping to a US address $100 = Idol 4S Windows + box and documents + OEM charger + VR Headset + Tempered Glass protector x2 + Incipio Case + large cleaning cloth + free USPS Priority Mail shipping to a US address $85 = Idol 4S Windows + OEM charger + Tempered Glass protector x2 + Incipio Case + free USPS Priority Mail shipping to a US address Outside the US? PM me with your location for a shipping quote to add to any package price.. Share Share this post on Digg Del.icio.us Technorati Twitter. RumoredNow , bunky1971 and mark233 like this.. 38 1 2 Jump to page:. Forum Windows Central Community The Marketplace - Buy, Sell & Trade Marketplace Archive Alcatel Idol 4S Windows, VR, T-Mo (Unlocked). « Lumia 950 XL Dual SIM Black Factory Unlocked. Microsoft Band 2 - Large ». Why its Windows Mobile or NOTHING for me... What were you looking forward to in Windows 10 Mobile?. By Dono Newcomb in forum Windows 10 Mobile. Last Post: 12-27-2017, 07:50 AM. Chime in: If you could, how would you 'save' Windows phones?. By WindowsCentral.com in forum Windows Central News Discussion. Last Post: 12-08-2017, 04:56 AM. Alcatel Idol 4S with Windows 10 Mobile down to $169 at Microsoft. By WindowsCentral.com in forum Windows Central News Discussion. Last Post: 12-07-2017, 03:40 PM. Microsoft looking into issue with Windows Insiders being dropped from Skip Ahead ring. By WindowsCentral.com in forum Windows Central News Discussion. Last Post: 12-07-2017, 11:10 AM. Fluently Calendar for Windows 10 Review: A nostalgic throwback to wall calendars. By WindowsCentral.com in forum Windows Central News Discussion. Last Post: 12-07-2017, 10:10 AM. LINK TO POST COPIED TO CLIPBOARD. Contact Us Windows Central Top. The time now is 06:15 AM .. Digital Point modules: Sphinx-based search. Mobile Nations 500M. Copyright 2018 Mobile Nations Terms and Conditions Privacy Policy Your Ad Choices Careers: Writer | Dev Licensing External Links Disclosure Advertising Partner. 
Free Amazon Fire TV 4K w/ 1 month of DirecTV Now. Xbox One X | Surface Book 2 NEW Dell XPS 13. Alcatel Idol 4S with Windows 10 unboxing, camera samples, and FAQ. Unboxing, camera samples, photo gallery and more on the new Alcatel Idol 4S with Window 10 Mobile. T-Mobile and Alcatel are set to release the Idol 4S next week with Windows 10 Mobile. The phone will retail for $469 on November 10, which is a nice price when you consider the included VR headset that comes in the box.. Before we get to our full review, next week I figured I'd do a quick unboxing and share some initial impressions. Also, I'll share some camera samples and answer a few questions I know many of you have about this impressive device. Alcatel Idol 4S with Windows 10 Mobile. Snapdragon 820 | Quad Core CPU @2.15 GHz. 5.5-inch FHD AMOLED Dragontrail 2.5D Glass 180-degree viewing. 21 MP Rear 8 MP FF Dedicated camera button Dual-tone rear flash LED front flash. 4K @ 30FPS 1080P @ 60 FPS. 3,000 mAh Quick Charge 2.0 420Hrs Standby 15Hrs Talk. Dual speakers with Hi-Fi surround sound. 153.9 x 75.4 x 6.99 mm. 4G LTE T-Mobile Extended Range LTE. 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 7, 12, 20. BT 4.1 A2DP, OPP, HFP, AVRCP, PBAP. Quick Charge 2.0 charger + USB Type-C cable. Performance is outstanding likely due to the Full HD display (fewer pixels), and it does feel slightly faster than the Elite x3 because of that. While the Elite x3 is still better due to the higher resolution and slightly richer AMOLED I cannot complain about the Idol 4S either. Button placement is different, but not bad. The fingerprint reader is very fast, but the small ridges around it make using it while not looking a little harder than the Elite x3. The camera feels very much like the Elite x3 despite having a slight edge on megapixel count. Again, it's not a terrible camera for daylight/standard shots, but it will struggle in low light or fast-moving objects. On the plus side, that camera button is nifty!. The phone has no stability or crashing issues like the Elite x3 had during its early release stage (now fixed). It's very reliable with no obvious bugs or flaws either in hardware design or software execution. Being glass and metal it will pick up fingerprint quickly; I would consider a case if you a prone to dropping phones. I'm not a huge VR fan, and the lower resolution display is noticeable when using the headset compared to the Galaxy S7. I consider the VR experience a bonus add-on, not the core reason to buy this phone so whatever. At the end of the day, phone VR is still just phone VR. You cannot remove the T-Mobile app for whatever reason. The dual front firing speakers are tremendous. While the Elite x3 also has the same setup those are tuned high for speaker phone and lack bass. The Idol 4S are much better for media and music and sound fantastic. The Alcatel Idol 4S has surprised me in a good way. I have become accustomed to being underwhelmed by non-Lumia phones in the past, but so far the HP Elite x3 and Idol 4S are bucking those trends.. One day in with the Idol 4S and I'm liking it a lot with little to no complaints. If you are on T-Mobile and are looking for something high end with Windows 10 Mobile, this is a good bet.. Here are a few quick unedited shots. You can find non-resized on imgur if you want the originals. Most of these were shot at 4x3 aspect with the full 21MP sensor. The outdoor/trees photo is using HDR; the 'selfie' is using the front-facing camera.. Does the Idol 4S have NFC and tap to pay? - No, the phone does not have NFC, therefore, no tap to pay option. Does the Idols 4S have Glance/Equalizer/Gadgets? - No, those features are still Lumia-exclusive. Does the Idol 4S have double-tap to wake? Yes, the Idol 4S has double-tap to wake and super-sensitive touch for when wearing gloves. Is the Idol 4S SIM unlocked? Update: Unfortunately, the T-Mobile Idol 4S will be SIM-locked for retail; ours is a pre-production unit hence why we can run it on AT&T too. Will the Idol 4S be released elsewhere? Alcatel is quiet on a non-T-Mobile version. That makes sense as we are in the carrier promotion stage. The phone is unlocked, has no T-Mobile branding (but it does have a T-Mobile app), and it does work overseas. For now, we'll have to wait and see, but all signs point to an eventual widespread release. What OS version does it ship with? The Idol 4S ships with Anniversary Update 14393.189 and updates directly to 14393.321. What VR content does it ship with? The Idol 4S ships with a VR launcher, which then lets you use a VR Gallery, Video, Store, Tube360, and games like Captain Fellcraft VR and Zombie VR. How is the camera? Much like the HP Elite x3 the Idol 4S has a better than average camera, but it falls well short of the Lumia 950 and XL. The front-facing 8MP camera with flash works quite well. There are no stability or crashing issues observed. Does it have an LED? Yes, there is a tiny white LED for charging near the front-facing camera. Again, it cannot be used for notifications. How is battery life? Battery life is better than the Lumia 950 and probably even the 950 XL, but falls short of the Elite x3's massive 4150 mAh battery. So far, the experience has been great. Are there any deal breakers? Putting aside what is mentioned above, which may be a deal breaker for some, no. The experience with this phone so far is outstanding. Great performance, beautiful display, slim, eye-catching design – there's little to criticize this phone over. The Alcatel Idol 4S with Windows 10 launches on Thursday, November 10 exclusively on T-Mobile (US) for $469.99.. I'll be doing a full review on this phone next week. If you have questions, leave them in comments or jump into our Alcatel Idol 4S Forums to start chatting with others on this phone!. See the Idol 4S at T-Mobile. You can also read Android Central's review of the Android version of this phone. Do note that the Android variant has a slower processor (Snapdragon 652), less storage (just 32GB), and a weaker camera (16MP).. Careers: Writer | Dev. 
GSM 850 / 900 / 1800 / 1900 - SIM 1 & SIM 2 (optional). HSDPA 850 / 900 / 1900 / 2100 - 6070K, 6070Y. HSDPA 850 / 1700(AWS) / 1900 / 2100 - 6070O. LTE band 1(2100), 3(1800), 7(2600), 8(900), 20(800), 28(700) - 6070K, 6070Y. LTE band 2(1900), 4(1700/2100), 5(850), 7(2600), 12(700), 17(700) - 6070O. HSPA 42.2/5.76 Mbps, LTE Cat4 150/50 Mbps. 153.9 x 75.4 x 7 mm (6.06 x 2.97 x 0.28 in). Hybrid Dual SIM (Nano-SIM, dual stand-by) - 6070K. 5.5 inches, 83.4 cm 2 (~71.9% screen-to-body ratio). 1440 x 2560 pixels, 16:9 ratio (~534 ppi density). Octa-core (4x1.8 GHz Cortex-A72 & 4x1.4 GHz Cortex-A53). microSD, up to 256 GB (uses SIM 2 slot). 16 MP, f/2.0, phase detection autofocus, dual-LED dual-tone flash. Geo-tagging, touch focus, face detection, panorama, HDR. - Active noise cancellation with dedicated mic. Wi-Fi 802.11 a/b/g/n/ac, dual-band, WiFi Direct, hotspot. SMS(threaded view), MMS, Email, Push Email, IM. - Fast battery charging (Quick Charge 2.0). Up to 420 h (2G) / Up to 420 h (3G). Up to 13 h (2G) / Up to 13 h (3G). Gold, Dark Gray, Rose Gold, Metal Silver. We can not guarantee that the information on this page is 100% correct. alcatel Idol 4s - user opinions and reviews. Just about average for the price I paid just over $220. No root available for my Model 60700 3. Battery life is below average drains very quickly!. Compare the frequency bands that this phone runs on with what your carrier uses in your area.. Samsung Apple Nokia Sony LG HTC Motorola Huawei Microsoft Lenovo Xiaomi Google Acer Asus Oppo OnePlus Meizu BlackBerry Alcatel ZTE Toshiba Vodafone Energizer XOLO Lava Micromax BLU Gionee vivo LeEco Panasonic HP YU verykool Maxwest Plum. alcatel Idol 4 alcatel Idol 4s Windows BlackBerry DTEK60 alcatel Idol 5s Vodafone Smart Platinum 7 alcatel Idol 5s (USA). alcatel 3x alcatel 3 alcatel 1x alcatel 5 alcatel 3v alcatel Pixi 4 (5). 
Home › Alcatel › Idol 4S Windows Alcatel Idol 4S Windows - Specifications. Most recent comparisons including Alcatel Idol 4S Windows List of the latest comparisons made by the website visitors, which include Alcatel Idol 4S Windows Last viewed devices List of mobile devices, whose specifications have been recently viewed.. Width Height Thickness Weight Write a review. Dimensions : 75.2 x 153.7 x 6.9 mm Weight : 152 g SoC : Qualcomm Snapdragon 820 MSM8996 CPU : 2x 2.15 GHz Kryo, 2x 1.6 GHz Kryo, Cores : 4 GPU : Qualcomm Adreno 530, 624 MHz RAM : 4 GB, 1866 MHz Storage : 64 GB Memory cards : microSD, microSDHC, microSDXC Display : 5.5 in, AMOLED, 1080 x 1920 pixels, 24 bit Battery : 3000 mAh, Li-Polymer OS : Microsoft Windows 10 Mobile Camera : 5344 x 4016 pixels, 3840 x 2160 pixels, 30 fps SIM card : Nano-SIM Wi-Fi : a, b, g, n, n 5GHz, ac, Dual band, Wi-Fi Hotspot, Wi-Fi Direct, Wi-Fi Display USB : 2.0, Micro USB Bluetooth : 4.2 Positioning : GPS, A-GPS, GLONASS. Brand and model Information about the brand, model and model alias (if any) of a specific device. Brand Alcatel Model Idol 4S Windows Design Information about the dimensions and weight of the device, shown in different measurement units. Width 75.2 mm (millimeters) 7.52 cm (centimeters) 0.25 ft (feet) 2.96 in (inches) Height 153.7 mm (millimeters) 15.37 cm (centimeters) 0.5 ft (feet) 6.05 in (inches) Thickness 6.9 mm (millimeters) 0.69 cm (centimeters) 0.02 ft (feet) 0.27 in (inches) Weight 152 g (grams) 0.34 lbs (pounds) 5.36 oz (ounces) Volume 79.75 cm³ (cubic centimeters) 4.84 in³ (cubic inches) Colors Black Body materials Glass Metal SIM card The Subscriber Identity Module (SIM) is used in mobile devices for storing data authenticating the subscribers of mobile services. SIM card type Nano-SIM (4FF - fourth form factor, since 2012, 12.30 x 8.80 x 0.67 mm) Number of SIM cards 1 Networks A mobile (cellular) network is a radio system, which allows a large number of mobile devices to communicate with each other. GSM GSM 850 MHz GSM 900 MHz GSM 1800 MHz GSM 1900 MHz UMTS UMTS 850 MHz UMTS 1700/2100 MHz UMTS 1900 MHz UMTS 2100 MHz LTE LTE 1700/2100 MHz LTE 1900 MHz LTE 700 MHz (B12) Mobile network technologies and bandwidth Communication between devices within mobile networks is realized via various generations of network technologies, which provide different bandwidth. Mobile network technologies UMTS (384 kbit/s ) EDGE GPRS HSPA+ LTE Cat 6 (51.0 Mbit/s , 301.5 Mbit/s ) Operating system Operating system is the system software, which manages and controls the functioning of the hardware components of the device. Operating system (OS) Microsoft Windows 10 Mobile System on Chip (SoC) A system on a chip (SoC) includes into a single chip some of the main hardware components of the mobile device. SoC Qualcomm Snapdragon 820 MSM8996 Process technology 14 nm (nanometers) CPU 2x 2.15 GHz Kryo, 2x 1.6 GHz Kryo CPU bits 64 bit Instruction set ARMv8-A Level 1 cache memory (L1) 32 KB + 32 KB (kilobytes) Level 2 cache memory (L2) 1536 KB (kilobytes) 1.5 MB (megabytes) CPU cores 4 CPU frequency 2150 MHz (megahertz) GPU Qualcomm Adreno 530 GPU frequency 624 MHz (megahertz) RAM capacity 4 GB (gigabytes) RAM type LPDDR4 RAM channels Double channel RAM frequency 1866 MHz (megahertz) Storage Every mobile device has a built-in storage (internal memory) with a fixed capacity. Storage 64 GB (gigabytes) Memory cards Memory cards are used in mobile devices for expanding their external storage capacity. Types microSD microSDHC microSDXC Display The display of a mobile device is characterized by its technology, resolution, pixel density, diagonal length, color depth, etc. Type/technology AMOLED Diagonal size 5.5 in (inches) 139.7 mm (millimeters) 13.97 cm (centimeters) Width 2.7 in (inches) 68.49 mm (millimeters) 6.85 cm (centimeters) Height 4.79 in (inches) 121.76 mm (millimeters) 12.18 cm (centimeters) Aspect ratio 1.778:1 16:9 Resolution 1080 x 1920 pixels Pixel density 401 ppi (pixels per inch) 157 ppcm (pixels per centimeter) Color depth 24 bit 16777216 colors Display area 72.38 % (percent) Other features Capacitive Multi-touch Scratch resistant Dragontrail glass 2.5D curved glass screen Oleophobic (lipophobic) coatnig Viewing angle - 180° VR headset support Sensors Different sensors measure different physical quantities and convert them into signals recognizable by the mobile device. Sensors Proximity Light Accelerometer Compass Gyroscope Fingerprint Hall Primary camera The primary camera of the mobile device is usually placed at its back and is used for taking photos and recording videos. Sensor model Sony IMX230 Exmor RS Sensor type CMOS (complementary metal-oxide semiconductor) Sensor size 5.99 x 4.5 mm (millimeters) 0.29 in (inches) Pixel size 1.12 µm (micrometers) 0.00112 mm (millimeters) Crop factor 5.78 Aperture f/2.0 Focal length 3.79 mm (millimeters) 21.9 mm (millimeters) *(35 mm / full frame) Flash type Dual LED Image resolution 5344 x 4016 pixels 21.46 MP (megapixels) Video resolution 3840 x 2160 pixels 8.29 MP (megapixels) Video FPS 30 fps (frames per second) Features Autofocus Continuous shooting Digital zoom Digital image stabilization Geotagging Panorama HDR Touch focus Face detection White balance settings ISO settings Exposure compensation Self-timer Scene mode Macro mode Phase detection 6-element lens 720p @ 120 fps Secondary camera Secondary cameras are placed above the screen of the device and are usually used for video calls, gesture recognition, etc. Aperture f/2.2 Focal length 2.5 mm (millimeters) Image resolution 3264 x 2448 pixels 7.99 MP (megapixels) Video resolution 1920 x 1080 pixels 2.07 MP (megapixels) Video FPS 30 fps (frames per second) Wide-angle lens - 84° Parallax selfie Audio Information about the type of speakers and the audio technologies supported by the device. Speaker Loudspeaker Earpiece Stereo speakers HAC (M4/T3) - Hearing Aid Compatibility Radio The radio in a mobile device is a built-in FM radio receiver. Radio Yes RDS Tracking/Positioning Information about the positioning and navigation technologies supported by the device. Tracking/Positioning GPS A-GPS GLONASS Wi-Fi Wi-Fi is a technology that provides wireless data connections between various devices within a short range. Wi-Fi 802.11a (IEEE 802.11a-1999) 802.11b (IEEE 802.11b-1999) 802.11g (IEEE 802.11g-2003) 802.11n (IEEE 802.11n-2009) 802.11n 5GHz 802.11ac (IEEE 802.11ac) Dual band Wi-Fi Hotspot Wi-Fi Direct Wi-Fi Display Bluetooth Bluetooth is a standard for secure wireless data transfer between different types of devices over short distances. Version 4.2 Features A2DP (Advanced Audio Distribution Profile) AVRCP (Audio/Visual Remote Control Profile) EDR (Enhanced Data Rate) LE (Low Energy) PBAP/PAB (Phone Book Access Profile) USB The Universal Serial Bus (USB) is an industry standard that allows different electronic devices to exchange data. Connector type Micro USB Version 2.0 Features Charging Mass storage On-The-Go Headphone jack The headphone jack is an audio phone connector, a.k.a. The most widely used one in mobile devices is the 3.5 mm headphone jack. Headphone jack Yes Connectivity Information about other important connectivity technologies supported by the devices. Connectivity Computer sync OTA sync Tethering NFC VoLTE 6070O - VoLTE Browser A web browser is a software application for accessing, fetching, displaying and navigating through information on the World Wide Web. Browser HTML HTML5 CSS 3 Audio file formats/codecs Mobile devices support various audio file formats and codecs, which respectively store and code/decode digital audio data. Audio file formats/codecs AAC (Advanced Audio Coding) AAC+ / aacPlus / HE-AAC v1 AMR / AMR-NB / GSM-AMR (Adaptive Multi-Rate, .amr, .3ga) AMR-WB (Adaptive Multi-Rate Wideband, .awb) eAAC+ / aacPlus v2 / HE-AAC v2 FLAC (Free Lossless Audio Codec, .flac) MIDI MP3 (MPEG-2 Audio Layer II, .mp3) OGG (.ogg, .ogv, .oga, .ogx, .spx, .opus) WMA (Windows Media Audio, .wma) WAV (Waveform Audio File Format, .wav, .wave) Video file formats/codecs Mobile devices support various video file formats and codecs, which respectively store and code/decode digital video data. Video file formats/codecs 3GPP (3rd Generation Partnership Project, .3gp) AVI (Audio Video Interleaved, .avi) DivX (.avi, .divx, .mkv) H.263 H.264 / MPEG-4 Part 10 / AVC video H.265 / MPEG-H Part 2 / HEVC MKV (Matroska Multimedia Container, .mkv .mk3d .mka .mks) MP4 (MPEG-4 Part 14, .mp4, .m4a, .m4p, .m4b, .m4r, .m4v) VP8 WebM WMV (Windows Media Video, .wmv) Xvid Battery The batteries of mobile devices differ in capacity and technology. They provide the electrical charge needed for the functioning of the devices. Capacity 3000 mAh (milliampere-hours) Type Li-Polymer 2G talk time 20 h (hours) 1200 min (minutes) 0.8 days 2G stand-by time 420 h (hours) 25200 min (minutes) 17.5 days 3G talk time 20 h (hours) 1200 min (minutes) 0.8 days 3G stand-by time 420 h (hours) 25200 min (minutes) 17.5 days Charger output power 9 V (volts) / 1.67 A (amps) Quick charge technology Qualcomm Quick Charge 2.0 Features Fast charging Non-removable. Brand name of the company that manufactures the device.. the horizontal side of the device when it is used in its standard orientation.. the vertical side of the device when it is used in its standard orientation.. Information about the thickness/depth of the device in different measurement units.. Information about the weight of the device in different measurement units.. Estimated volume of the device, calculated from the dimensions provided by the manufacturer. Applies for devices in the form of a rectangular parallelepiped.. Information about the colors, in which the device is available in the market.. Materials used in the fabrication of the device's body.. Information about the type and size (form factor) of the SIM card used in the device.. Information about the number of SIM cards, supported by the device.. GSM (Global System for Mobile Communications) was developed to replace the analog cellular network (1G), therefore it is referred to as a 2G mobile network. It has been improved with the addition of General Packet Radio Services (GPRS) and later via the Enhanced Data rates for GSM Evolution (EDGE) technology.. UMTS stands for Universal Mobile Telecommunications System. Based on the GSM standard, it is deemed as a 3G mobile network standard. It has been developed by the 3GPP and its major advantage is the provision of greater bandwidth and spectral efficiency, due to the W-CDMA technology.. LTE is deemed to be the fourth generation (4G) of mobile communications technology. It has been developed by the 3GPP based on the GSM/EDGE and UMTS/HSPA technologies in order to increase the speed and capacity of wireless data networks. A further development of the technology is called LTE Advanced.. There are several network technologies that enhance the performance of mobile networks mainly by increased data bandwidth. Information about the communication technologies supported by the device and their respective uplink and downlink bandwidth.. Information about the operating system used by the device as well as its version.. The SoC integrates different hardware components such as the CPU, GPU, memory, peripherals, interfaces, etc., as well as software for their functioning.. Information about the process technology used in manufacturing the chip. The value in nanometers represents half the distance between elements that make up the CPU.. CPU is the Central Processing Unit or the processor of a mobile device. Its main function is to interpret and execute instructions contained in software applications.. The CPU bits are determined by the bit-size of the processor registers, address buses and data buses. 64-bit CPUs provide better performance than 32-bit ones, which on their part perform better than 16-bit processors.. The instruction set architecture (ISA) is a set of commands used by the software to manage the CPU's work. Information about the set of instructions the processor can execute.. The cache memory is used by the processor in order to shorten the time needed to access data and instructions that a frequently used. The L1 (level 1) cache memory has a small volume, but operates faster than the RAM and the rest cache memory levels. If the processor does not find the data needed in L1, it continues to look for it in the L2 cache memory. In some processors the search in L1 and L2 is simultaneous.. The L2 (level 2) cache memory is slower than L1, but has a larger capacity, instead, which allows it to cache more data. Just like L1, it is much faster than the system memory (RAM). If the CPU does not find the data needed in L2, it proceeds to look for them in the L3 cache memory (if there is such) or in the RAM.. A CPU core is the processor unit, which executes software instructions. Presently, besides single-core processors, there are dual-core, quad-core, hexa-core and so on multi-core processors. They increase the performance of the device allowing the execution of multiple instructions in parallel.. The frequency of the processor describes its clock rate in cycles per second. It is measured in Megahertz (MHz) or Gigahertz (GHz).. GPU is a graphical processing unit, which handles computation for 2D/3D graphics applications. In mobile devices GPU is usually utilized by games, UI, video playback, etc. GPU can also perform computation in applications traditionally handled by the CPU.. The frequency is the clock rate of the graphic processor (GPU), which is measured in Megahertz (MHz) or Gigahertz (GHz).. RAM (Random-Access Memory) is used by the operating system and all installed applications. Data in the RAM is lost after the device is turned off or restarted.. Information about the type of RAM used by the device.. Information about the number of RAM channels integrated in the SoC. More channels mean higher data transfer rates.. RAM frequency relates directly to the rate of reading/writing from/in the RAM memory.. Information about the capacity of the built-in storage of the device. Sometimes one and the same model may is offered in variants with different internal storage capacity.. The various types of memory cards are characterized by different sizes and capacity. Information about the supported types of memory cards.. One of the main characteristics of the display is its type/technology, on which depends its performance.. In mobile devices display size is represented by the length of its diagonal measured in inches.. The ratio between the long and the short side of the display. The display resolution shows the number of pixels on the horizontal and vertical side of the screen. The higher the resolution is, the greater the detail of the displayed content.. Information about the number of pixels per centimeter (ppcm) or per inch (ppi) of the display. The higher the pixel density, the more detailed and clearer is the information displayed on the screen.. The color depth of the display is also known as bit depth. It shows the number of bits used for the color components of one pixel. Information about the maximum number of colors the screen can display.. The estimated percentage of the screen area from the device's front area.. Information about other functions and features of the display.. Sensors vary in type and purpose. They increase the overall functionality of the device, in which they are integrated.. Information about the manufacturer and the model of the image sensor used by the camera of the device.. Digital cameras use image sensors for taking photos. The sensor characteristics are some of the main factors determining the quality of the camera integrated in the mobile device.. Information about the dimensions of the image sensor used in the device. Usually cameras with larger sensors and less pixel density tend to provide better image quality despite the lower resolution.. A smaller pixel size allows the image sensor to use more pixels thus providing better image resolution. On the other hand, this may negatively impact noise levels and decrease image quality at high ISO settings.. Crop factor is the ratio of the dimensions of a full frame camera's sensor (36 x 24 mm, which equals the frame size of a 35 mm film) and the dimensions of the image sensor of the device. The number shown is the ratio between the diagonals of a full frame sensor (43.3 mm) and the device sensor.. Aperture (f-stop number) indicates the size of the lens diaphragm opening, which controls the amount of light reaching the image sensor. The lower the f-stop number, the larger the diaphragm opening is.. Focal length is the distance in millimeters from the focal point of the image sensor to the optical center of the lens. A focal length, which results in the same field of view on a full-frame (35 mm) camera, is also provided.. Cameras of mobile devices use mainly a LED or a Xenon flash. The LED flash has a softer burst of light and in contrast to the much brighter Xenon flash, is used for recording videos as well.. One of the main characteristics of the cameras of mobile devices is their resolution, which shows the number of pixels on the horizontal and vertical dimensions of the image.. Information about the maximum resolution available for shooting a video with the device.. Information about the maximum number of frames per second (fps), supported by the device while recording a video at maximum resolution. Some of the main standard frame rates for recording and playing video are 24p, 25p, 30p, 60p.. Information about additional software and hardware features of the privamery camera, which improve its overall performance.. Aperture (f-stop number) indicates the size of the lens diaphragm opening, which controls the amount of light reaching the image sensor. The lower the f-stop number, the larger the diaphragm opening is.. Focal length is the distance in millimeters from the focal point of the image sensor to the optical center of the lens. A focal length, which results in the same field of view on a full-frame (35 mm) camera, is also provided.. Information about the maximum image resolution of the secondary camera. Often, the resolution of the secondary camera is lower than the one of the primary camera.. Information about the maximum resolution available for shooting a video by the secondary camera.. Information about the maximum number of frames per second (fps), supported by the secondary camera while recording a video at maximum resolution.. The loudspeaker is a device, which reproduces various sounds such as ring tones, alarms, music, voice calls, etc. Information about the type of speakers the device uses.. Information whether the device has an FM radio receiver or not.. The tracking/positioning service is provided by various satellite navigation systems, which track the autonomous geo-spatial positioning of the device that supports them. The most common satellite navigation systems are the GPS and the GLONASS. There are also non-satellite technologies for locating mobile devices such as the Enhanced Observed Time Difference, Enhanced 911, GSM Cell ID.. Wi-Fi communication between devices is realized via the IEEE 802.11 standards. Some devices have the possibility to serve as Wi-Fi Hotspots by providing internet access for other nearby devices. Wi-Fi Direct (Wi-Fi P2P) is another useful standard that allows devices to communicate with each other without the need for wireless access point (WAP).. The technology has several versions, which improve the connection speed, range, connectivity and discoverability of the devices. Information about the Bluetooth version of the device.. Bluetooth uses various profiles and protocols related to faster exchange of data, energy saving, better device discoverability, etc. Some of those supported by the device are listed here.. There are several USB connector types: the Standard one, the Mini and Micro connectors, On-The-Go connectors, etc. Type of the USB connector used by the device.. There are several versions of the Universal Serial Bus (USB) standard: USB 1.0 (1996), the USB 2.0 (2000), the USB 3.0 (2008), etc. With each following version the rate of data transfer is increased.. Тhe USB interface in mobile devices may be used for different purposes such as battery charging, using the device as a mass storage, host, etc.. Information whether the device is equipped with a 3.5 mm audio jack.. Information about some of the most widely used connectivity technologies supported by the device.. Information about some of the features and standards supported by the browser of the device.. List of some of the most common audio file formats and codecs supported standardly by the device.. List of some of the most common video file formats and codecs supported standardly by the device.. The capacity of a battery shows the maximum charge, which it can store, measured in mili-Ampere hours.. The battery type is determined by its structure and more specifically, by the chemicals used in it. There are different battery types and some of the most commonly used in mobile devices are the lithium-ion (Li-Ion) and the lithium-ion polymer battery (Li-Polymer).. 2G talk time is the time period a battery charge will last, if one is constantly talking on the phone in a 2G cellular network.. 2G stand-by time is the longest time a battery charge will last, if the device is not used but is constantly connected to the 2G cellular network.. 3G talk time is the time period a battery charge will last, if one is constantly talking on the phone in a 3G cellular network.. 3G stand-by time is the longest time a battery charge will last, if the device is not used but is constantly connected to the 3G mobile network.. Information about the electric current (amperes) and voltage (volts) the charger outputs. The higher power output allows faster charging.. Quick charge technologies differ in energy efficiency, power output, control over charging, temperatures, etc. The device, battery and charger must support one and the same charging technology to achieve faster charging times.. Information about some additional features of the device's battery.. Provide information about, which of the published data you want to be edited as well as a reliable source, which confirms the accuracy of the information you suggest *. Enter the characters from the image: *. Microsoft Lumia 950 XL Dual SIM. Dimensions : 75.2 x 153.7 x 6.9 mm Weight : 152 g SoC : Qualcomm Snapdragon 820 MSM8996 CPU : 2x 2.15 GHz Kryo, 2x 1.6 GHz Kryo, Cores : 4 GPU : Qualcomm Adreno 530, 624 MHz RAM : 4 GB, 1866 MHz Storage : 64 GB Display : 5.5 in, AMOLED, 1080 x 1920 pixels, 24 bit Battery : 3000 mAh, Li-Polymer OS : Microsoft Windows 10 Mobile Camera : 5344 x 4016 pixels, 3840 x 2160 pixels, 30 fps. The information on this website is provided on "as is, as available basis" without warranty of any kind. DeviceSpecifications is not responsible for any omissions, inaccuracies or other errors in the information it publishes. All warranties with respect to this information are disclaimed. Reproduction of any part of this website in its entirety or partially or in any form or medium without prior written permission is prohibited. The trademarks, marques and logos of the manufacturers of devices, software, hardware, etc. are the property of their respective owners.. 
account Coverage Deals Devices Plans & Services. T-mobile.com | Español Account Check your usage Coverage Deals Rebates Promotional Credits Devices Choose a device SIM cards Software updates Tutorials Plans & Services DIGITS T-Mobile ONE JUMP! Manage your data service News & Updates Ask our community Contact Us Log In / Sign Up. Support Ask our community Log in / Register Support. Error: You don't have JavaScript enabled. This tool uses JavaScript and much of it will not work correctly without it enabled. Please turn JavaScript back on and reload this page.. You can not post a blank message. Please type your message and try again.. Alcatel Idol 4S Windows 10 call audio quality is fuzzy.. Alcatel Idol 4S Windows 10 call audio quality is fuzzy. Latest reply on Mar 20, 2017 9:32 AM by tmo_marissa. sdjefferies Nov 27, 2017 9:05 PM. Even while talking on T-Mo to T-Mo VoLTE, there is a hazy/fuzzy noise in the background that is very annoying. Does anyone else have this issue? Is there a software update out that can fix this? I have only had this phone for 5 days, if this is an isolated issue, do I qualify for replacement?. This content has been marked as final.. Show 12 replies. Like Show 0 Likes (0). Re: Alcatel Idol 4S Windows 10 call audio quality is fuzzy. ( in response to sdjefferies ). Oh no, sdjefferies , not the new phone!. I know we have a few Idol users in the forum, so maybe one will chime in - but FWIW, I combed Discussions that mention the Alcatel Idol and didn't find any mention of call quality issues, nor do we have any logged in our internal Known Issues for the device.. This definitely makes me feel like it may be a defective device - in which case we would want you to bring it back during the Buyer's Remorse window so that it can be exchanged for a new device, rather than later on when you'll need to complete a warranty exchange and the replacement may be refurbished - that would be a pain to have happen with a brand new phone. I'm guessing that you're using this phone in the same areas as your Lumia, and there were not any similar audio issues with that device, right?. Like Show 0 Likes (0). Re: Alcatel Idol 4S Windows 10 call audio quality is fuzzy. ( in response to tmo_marissa ). Inorite!!! You are correct, I am using this phone in the same areas as my Lumia that never experienced it before. I ran some tests with my wife last night. I called 611 and they put in an engineering ticket, then we tried her iPhone on T-Mo, my Samsung work phone on AT&T, and my new Alcatel. The Alcatel always had the worst background hazy static behind the voice, but it was most noticeable on VoLTE calls with the iPhone. It's almost like the speaker is trying to hard to "clean up" any sound with quality and it is actually making it worse, if that makes sense. Before I go through the effort of doing a buyers remorse swap, I'd like to use a demo version of my Alcatel and do a test just to see if this phone does it across the board, or if mine is truly defective before I go through this effort. Would that be possible at a store. The last one I went to didn't even have the Alcatel on display.. Like Show 0 Likes (0). Re: Alcatel Idol 4S Windows 10 call audio quality is fuzzy. ( in response to sdjefferies ). Oh man - that is a totally reasonable ask, but I don't think we're able to unbox a device solely for testing purposes (because technically it then has to be sold as CPO).. Do you have more than one store nearby?. Maybe another location does have a display - it could be worth reaching out to check?. I understand where you're coming from - why set up another phone if this is just the way that the phone works.. I'm still hoping that another user with the Alcatel will pop in on this thread, which would hopefully alleviate the need for this testing entirely.. Like Show 0 Likes (0). Re: Alcatel Idol 4S Windows 10 call audio quality is fuzzy. ( in response to tmo_marissa ). I just wanted to check in and see if you'd been able to find a location that could let you test a phone, or if you'd heard the results of that engineering ticket.. How is everything going for you?. Like Show 0 Likes (0). Re: Alcatel Idol 4S Windows 10 call audio quality is fuzzy. ( in response to tmo_marissa ). I will say, after doing some diagnosing on my side, it is by far its worst on T-Mo to T-Mo VoLTE calls.. Like Show 0 Likes (0). Re: Alcatel Idol 4S Windows 10 call audio quality is fuzzy. ( in response to sdjefferies ). Hey sdjefferies we want to see this resolved for you for sure. Any update on that ticket you filed? I'm also curious if you were able to use a test phone to see if the issue follows.. Like Show 0 Likes (0). Re: Alcatel Idol 4S Windows 10 call audio quality is fuzzy. ( in response to tmo_mike_c ). No response from the ticket, and no chance at using a test phone. I will say, in the time I've had my new phone, it is most noticeable on an HD voice call as if the imperfections in the signal are amplified and create the "fuzz". Not sure but there has been no official progress. Like Show 0 Likes (0). Re: Alcatel Idol 4S Windows 10 call audio quality is fuzzy. ( in response to sdjefferies ). Hey sdjefferies - I just wanted to see if you'd ever gained any traction with that ticket.. It definitely sounds like you've isolated a pattern with the call type where the issues are the worst, and we can pass that general feedback along - but I'm curious to know if you ever checked back in to see if there'd been an engineering response placed on the ticket that was filed.. Like Show 1 Likes (1). Re: Alcatel Idol 4S Windows 10 call audio quality is fuzzy. ( in response to tmo_marissa ). No I haven't heard anything back. It still does it in the scenario I described, but I have gotten tired of trying to track down this issue and have decided to just accept that some calls will just have a fuzzy modulation in the background. Thanks for trying as much as you have.. Like Show 0 Likes (0). Re: Alcatel Idol 4S Windows 10 call audio quality is fuzzy. ( in response to sdjefferies ). I'm sorry to hear that this setting change didn't solve anything. If you have a moment to reach back out to our Tech team, any specialist should be able to access your account and review a ticket history and see if the engineering team left a response!. I'm sorry that we haven't followed back up with you - if we set an appointment time and missed that commitment, that's something that we take very seriously and we'd love to have you Contact Us so that a team with account access can review that follow-up appointment and make sure feedback is given.. Like Show 0 Likes (0). Re: Alcatel Idol 4S Windows 10 call audio quality is fuzzy. ( in response to sdjefferies ). Just a suggestion you could try.. If you don't use Wi-Fi calling or only occasionally set your sim setting to cellular-preferred or Wi-Fi calling off. That helped me with the Idol 4S and previously with my Lumia 950 and 640.. Like Show 0 Likes (0). Re: Alcatel Idol 4S Windows 10 call audio quality is fuzzy. ( in response to kpo6969 ). Find ways to contact us now. Español About Investor relations Press Careers Deutsche Telekom Puerto Rico Privacy Policy Privacy & Security Resources Consumer Information Public Safety/911 TERMS & CONDITIONS Terms of Use Accessibility Open Internet. Other T-Mobile sites My T-Mobile T-Mobile.com T-Mobile Prepaid T-Mobile Puerto Rico T-Mobile Refer-a-Friend. Popular tasks Check coverage Check order status Find a store Refill your Prepaid account Shop phones, tablets, & accessories Trade in your device Unlock your device. Business Wireless that works for your business Business support. Featured Services JUMP! Stateside International Napster unRadio. 
Call Us At 310-220-2250 | About Us | Contact Us. Add a device by choosing a phone and clicking "Favorite Device.". Add a device by choosing a phone and clicking "Favorite Device.". ALCATEL Idol 4S with Windows 10. 6.06 x 2.97 x 0.28 in. PhoneSuit Portable Charger With Built-In Micro/Lightning Cables + USB Port & Wall Plug (3,500 mAh). Mophie Powerstation Portable Charger With 2 USB Ports (6,000 mAh). myCharge HubPlus C With Micro/USB-C Cables + USB Port & Wall Plug (6,700 mAh). myCharge RazorPlatinum 36W Portable Charger With USB-C (13,400 mAh). MyCharge AdventureUltra 45W Portable Power Outlet / Charger With USB-C (13,400 mAh). PhoneSuit Flex XT Pocket Charger (2,600 mAh). Powercell Portable Charger With Built-In USB-C Cable (3,000 mAh). Mophie Powerstation Mini Portable Charger With 1 USB Port (3,000 mAh). Samsung Fast Charge Battery Pack (5,000 mAh). Bracketron SmartLantern Portable Battery and Flashlight (7,800 mAh). PhoneSuit Portable Charger With Built-In Micro/Lightning Cables & USB Port (10,000 mAh). HyperGear USB-C + QC 3.0 Portable Battery (12,000 mAh). Mophie Powerstation XXL Portable Charger With 3 USB Ports (20,000 mAh). Incipio USB-C to USB Charge & Sync Cable (3-foot). Heavy Duty Braided USB-C to USB Charge & Sync Cable (4-foot). Naztech Braided USB-C to USB Charge & Sync Cable (4-foot). USB Type-C to USB Type-C Braided Cable (4-foot). Belkin USB-C to USB Charge & Sync Cable (6-foot). Otterbox USB-C to USB Charge & Sync Cable (9.8-foot). Naztech 3-in-1 Lightning, USB Micro & USB-C Charge & Sync Cable (Black) (6-foot). Naztech 3-in-1 Lightning, USB Micro & USB-C Charge & Sync Cable (Silver) (6-foot). Apple USB-C to USB-C Charge / Sync Cable (6 feet). Naztech USB-C to USB Charge & Sync Cable (6-inch). USB-C to USB-A Adapter (USB 3.0). StarTech USB-C to Gigabit Network Adapter. Naztech USB-C Hub 3 USB 3.0, HDMI, & USB-C port. Naztech USB-C Hub 4 USB 3.0, HDMI, Ethernet & USB-C port. Naztech USB-C Hub 5 USB-C port, (2) USB 3.0 ports & (2) memory card slots. Macally 4 Port USB Hub with AC Charger. Belkin 7-Port Powered USB Desktop Hub. USB A/A 2.0 Extension Cable M/F (10-foot). USB Extension Cable With Desktop Stand (5-foot). International Plug Adapter Kit w/ 3 AC outlets & 1 USB Connection (White / Blue). International Plug Adapter Kit w/ 4 USB Connections. Griffin iTrip Clip Bluetooth Headphone Adapter Make Your Favorite Headphones Wireless. FLIR ONE Thermal Imaging Camera for Android (Gen III). Cellet 3.5mm to 3.5mm Anti-Tangle Braided Audio Cable (6-foot). Griffin Tangle-Free 3.5mm to 3.5mm Audio Cable (3-foot). Scosche auxBOX Retractable 3.5 mm Audio Cable (3-foot). Parrot MINIKIT Neo 2 HD Bluetooth Wireless Visor Speakerphone *Recommended*. Jabra DRIVE Bluetooth Wireless Visor Speakerphone. Motorola Sonic Rider Bluetooth Wireless In-Car Speakerphone (Black). Jabra FREEWAY Bluetooth Wireless Visor Speakerphone. Jabra Tour In-Car Bluetooth Wireless Speakerphone. Parrot MKi9200 Bluetooth Wireless Install Car Kit. Scosche MotorMouth III Bluetooth Handsfree & Audio Streaming Car Kit Car Speaker Audio. Scosche MagicMOUNT Magnetic Window / Dash Suction Mount. Scosche MagicMOUNT Magnetic Window / Dash Suction Mount. MagicMount Surface2 Double-Sided Magnetic Flush Mount (2 pack). Naztech MagBuddy Magnetic Telescopic Window / Dash Suction Mount. Spigen Kuel A201 Magnetic Swivel Vent Mount. Spigen Kuel H23 CD Slot Magnetic Car Mount. Spigen Kuel AP12T Hexa-Core Telescopic Window / Dash Suction Mount. Lifeproof LIFEACTIV Suction Mount With QuickMount. Bracketron Mi-T Grip Dash Universal Mobile Holder. Scosche powerMOUNT With DC Plug Mount and 2 USB Ports. Bracketron Universal Mobile Holder With Cup Holder Mount. Bracketron Universal Mobile Holder With Vent Mount. Bracketron Universal Mobile Holder With Windshield Mount. Arkon Slim-Grip Ultra telescoping Windshield Car Mount. Arkon Universal Mobile Holder With Non-Skid Friction Dashboard Mount. Nite Ize Steelie Magnetic Car Mount Kit. Nite Ize Steelie Magnetic Car Vent Mount Kit. weBoost Drive 4G-S Cradle Booster Kit. Joy Factory MagConnect Universal S1 Phone Holder Requires MagConnect Mount. Joy Factory MagConnect Seat Bolt Mount Requires Joy Factory Holder. Joy Factory MagConnect Cup Holder Mount Requires Joy Factory Holder. Joy Factory MagConnect Headrest Mount Requires Joy Factory Holder. Joy Factory MagConnect C-Clamp Mount Requires Joy Factory Holder. Joy Factory MagConnect Magnet Mount (Requires Joy Factory Holder). Joy Factory MagConnect On-Wall/Counter Mount Only (Requires Joy Factory Holder). Joy Factory MagConnect Wall / Table Mount (Requires Joy Factory Holder). Pedestal Mount for Vehicle Holders (6-inch). Pedestal Mount for Vehicle Holders (9-inch). RAM Vehicle Seat Bolt Mount With 18" Adjustable Arm. Nite Ize Steelie Hobknob Holder & Kickstand (Black / Silver). Style Ring Holder, Kickstand & Car Mount (Black). Style Ring Holder, Kickstand & Car Mount (Champagne Gold). Style Ring Holder, Kickstand & Car Mount (White). Incipio Octane Pure Translucent Co-Molded Case. Mophie Universal Belt Clip Made for Most Smartphones & Cases. Horizontal Pouch Case With Fixed Belt Clip. Horizontal Pouch Case With Fixed Belt Clip. Cellet Teramo Leather Pouch Case With Swivel Clip. Nite Ize Heavy Duty Nylon Pouch Case With Rotating Flex Clip. Lifeproof Universal Belt Clip with QuickMount. Naztech Gladiator Nylon Pouch Case With Steel Belt Clip & Belt Loop. Pelican Waterproof Hard Case (9.25 x 7.12 x 4.12"). Extendable Selfie Stick with Aux Cable. Nite Ize Steelie Hobknob Holder & Kickstand (Black / Silver). Style Ring Holder, Kickstand & Car Mount (Black). Style Ring Holder, Kickstand & Car Mount (Champagne Gold). Style Ring Holder, Kickstand & Car Mount (White). High Output Wall Charger With USB-C Cable (2400mAh). Samsung Adaptive Fast Charging 25W Wall Charger With USB-C Cable (2100mA). High Output Car Charger With USB Port (3000mA). Spigen F29QC Quick Charge 3.0 Car Charger with Type C USB Port (3000mA + QC 3.0 / 18W). Samsung Adaptive Fast Charging Dual Port Car Charger With USB-C / Micro Cable (2000mA). Incipio USB-C to USB Charge & Sync Cable (3-foot). Heavy Duty Braided USB-C to USB Charge & Sync Cable (4-foot). Naztech Braided USB-C to USB Charge & Sync Cable (4-foot). USB Type-C to USB Type-C Braided Cable (4-foot). Belkin USB-C to USB Charge & Sync Cable (6-foot). Otterbox USB-C to USB Charge & Sync Cable (9.8-foot). Naztech 3-in-1 Lightning, USB Micro & USB-C Charge & Sync Cable (Black) (6-foot). Naztech 3-in-1 Lightning, USB Micro & USB-C Charge & Sync Cable (Silver) (6-foot). Apple USB-C to USB-C Charge / Sync Cable (6 feet). Naztech USB-C to USB Charge & Sync Cable (6-inch). Apple 61W USB-C Power Adapter (White). PureGear Quick Charge 3.0 AC Adapter for USB Cables. HyperGear Quick Charge 3.0 Wall Charger (Black). Apple 5W AC Adapter for USB Charging Cables (1000mA). Scosche superCUBE Flip 12W AC Adapter for USB Charging Cables (2400mA). Scosche superCUBE Flip 12W AC Adapter for USB Charging Cables (2400mA). Scosche Dual Port AC Adapter for USB Charging Cables (2100mA + 2100mA). Dual Port AC Adapter for USB Charging Cables (3400mA total). 3-Port AC Adapter for USB Charging Cables (2100mA + 2100mA + 2100mA). 4-Port AC Adapter for USB Charging Cables (4800mA total). myCharge Power-Base QC 4-Port AC Adapter with Quick Charge 3.0 USB-C (4000 total + QC 3.0 USB-C). Scosche Dual Port Vehicle Adapter for USB Charging Cables (2400mA + 2400mA). PureGear Quick Charge 2.0 Vehicle Adapter for USB Cables. Belkin Road Rockstar 4-Port Front/Back Seat Car Charger (2400mA). USB-C to USB-A Adapter (USB 3.0). StarTech USB-C to Gigabit Network Adapter. Naztech USB-C Hub 3 USB 3.0, HDMI, & USB-C port. Naztech USB-C Hub 4 USB 3.0, HDMI, Ethernet & USB-C port. Naztech USB-C Hub 5 USB-C port, (2) USB 3.0 ports & (2) memory card slots. Incipio Dual USB Desktop Charging Station (2400mA + 2400mA). Belkin 4-Port AC Adapter for USB Charging Cables (5400mA). Smart Power Strip 3 USB / 3 AC Outlets Charging Station (White). PowerDash 5 Devices Desktop Charging Hub and Stand. Quick Charge 7 Device Universal Desktop Charger. Griffin PowerDock Pro Universal Desktop Charger. Tripp Lite 10-Port USB Charging Station. Belkin 10-Unit Desktop Charging Station Countertop. Naztech Turbo 6-Port USB Charging Station (11000mA total). PhoneSuit Portable Charger With Built-In Micro/Lightning Cables + USB Port & Wall Plug (3,500 mAh). Mophie Powerstation Portable Charger With 2 USB Ports (6,000 mAh). myCharge HubPlus C With Micro/USB-C Cables + USB Port & Wall Plug (6,700 mAh). myCharge RazorPlatinum 36W Portable Charger With USB-C (13,400 mAh). MyCharge AdventureUltra 45W Portable Power Outlet / Charger With USB-C (13,400 mAh). PhoneSuit Flex XT Pocket Charger (2,600 mAh). Powercell Portable Charger With Built-In USB-C Cable (3,000 mAh). Mophie Powerstation Mini Portable Charger With 1 USB Port (3,000 mAh). Samsung Fast Charge Battery Pack (5,000 mAh). Bracketron SmartLantern Portable Battery and Flashlight (7,800 mAh). PhoneSuit Portable Charger With Built-In Micro/Lightning Cables & USB Port (10,000 mAh). HyperGear USB-C + QC 3.0 Portable Battery (12,000 mAh). Naztech Turbo PB6 Portable Charger With 6 USB Ports (12,500 mAh). Mophie Powerstation XXL Portable Charger With 3 USB Ports (20,000 mAh). Belkin 7-Port Powered USB Desktop Hub. USB A/A 2.0 Extension Cable M/F (10-foot). USB Extension Cable With Desktop Stand (5-foot). 6-Outlet Power Strip / Surge Suppressor. Belkin Power Center with Surge Protector. DC to Dual DC Charging Adapter. Wagan DC to Dual USB & Dual DC Charging Adapter (2100mA + 2100mA). Cobra DC Power Inverter With USB Port (130W). Wagan DC to Dual AC & USB Charging Inverter (200 Watt). International Plug Adapter Kit w/ 3 AC outlets & 1 USB Connection (White / Blue). International Plug Adapter Kit w/ 4 USB Connections. Incipio Dual USB Desktop Charging Station (2400mA + 2400mA). Smart Power Strip 3 USB / 3 AC Outlets Charging Station (White). PowerDash 5 Devices Desktop Charging Hub and Stand. Quick Charge 7 Device Universal Desktop Charger. Griffin PowerDock Pro Universal Desktop Charger. Tripp Lite 10-Port USB Charging Station. Belkin 10-Unit Desktop Charging Station Countertop. Naztech Turbo 6-Port USB Charging Station (11000mA total). Belkin 7-Port Powered USB Desktop Hub. BlueLounge Cableyoyo Magnetic Earbud/Cable Management (Dark Grey). Nite Ize 3-inch Gear Tie with Clip - 2 Pack (Various Colors). Nite Ize Gear Tie Reusable Rubber Twist Tie 3" (Various Colors). Nite Ize 3" Gear Tie With Cord Loop - 4 Pack (Assorted Colors). Nite Ize 6" Gear Tie With Cord Loop - 4 Pack (Assorted Colors). Nite Ize Cordcollar Cord ID & Protection - 8 Pack (Assorted Colors). Nite Ize Curvyman Cord Supervisor (White or Black). Nite Ize 18-inch Gear Tie - 2 Pack (Various Colors). Nite Ize Mega 32-inch Gear Tie (Black). Nite Ize Mega 32-inch Gear Tie (Yellow). Nite Ize Mega 64-inch Gear Tie (Black). Nite Ize Mega 64-inch Gear Tie (Yellow). Nite Ize Gear Tie Tube Assortment (12-pack). Nite Ize S-Biner Aluminum Slidelock (Orange). Nite Ize S-Biner Aluminum Slidelock (Charcoal). Nite Ize S-Biner Aluminum Slidelock (Blue). Nite Ize S-Biner Aluminum Slidelock (3-pack). Nite Ize Knotbone Adjustable Bungee (10" to 48"). Nite Ize Slidelock Stainless Steel Key Ring (Black). Bluelounge CableBox Surge Protector Concealer (Black). Nite Ize QuikStand Mobile Device Stand. Spigen S370 Apple Watch & iPhone Stand (Bamboo). Universal Desktop Stand With Charger Slot. Bluelounge Casa Universal Desktop Stand and Valet Tray (Black). PowerDash 5 Devices Desktop Charging Hub and Stand. Lifeproof Universal Mutli-Purpose Mount with QuickMount. Nite Ize Steelie Hobknob Holder & Kickstand (Black / Silver). Style Ring Holder, Kickstand & Car Mount (Black). Style Ring Holder, Kickstand & Car Mount (Champagne Gold). Style Ring Holder, Kickstand & Car Mount (White). Apple Stereo Earbuds with Remote and Mic (Adapter needed for iPhone 7 & newer models). Apple Stereo EarPods with Remote and Mic (Adapter needed for iPhone 7 & newer models). Apple In-Ear Headphones with Remote and Mic (Adapter needed for iPhone 7 & newer models). Samsung HS130 Stereo Earbuds with Remote and Mic (Adapter needed for iPhone 7 & newer models). Skullcandy Ink'd Stereo Earbuds with Remote and Mic (Adapter needed for iPhone 7 & newer models). NoiseHush NX80 Stereo Earbuds with Remote and Mic (Adapter needed for iPhone 7 & newer models). Scosche Stereo Earbuds with Remote and Mic (Adapter needed for iPhone 7 & newer models). Samsung Gear IconX True Wireless Bluetooth Earbuds (White). BEM NKD True Wireless Bluetooth Earbuds (Silver / Black). LG Tone Pro Bluetooth Wireless Headphones / Headset (Black). LG Tone Pro Bluetooth Wireless Headphones / Headset (White). LG Tone Ultra Bluetooth Wireless Headset (Black). LG Tone Ultra Bluetooth Wireless Headset (Navy) ETA 3/9/18. LG Tone Infinim Bluetooth Wireless Headset (Black). LG Tone Free Bluetooth Earbuds (Black). Samsung Level Active Bluetooth Headset (Black / Blue). Samsung Level U Pro Bluetooth Headset (Black). Samsung Level U Pro Bluetooth Headset (Bronze). Plantronics BackBeat GO 2 Bluetooth Wireless Headphones / Headset. Plantronics Voyager 8200 UC Bluetooth Wireless Headphones / Headset. NoiseHush i9 Noise Cancelling Bluetooth Wireless Headphones. Coleman Aktiv Sounds Waterproof Bluetooth Wireless Speaker (Gray). Coleman Aktiv Sounds Waterproof Bluetooth Wireless Speaker (Red). Braven BRV-1 Rugged & Waterproof Bluetooth Wireless Speaker (1400mAh). Griffin iTrip Clip Bluetooth Headphone Adapter Make Your Favorite Headphones Wireless. Cellet 3.5mm to 3.5mm Anti-Tangle Braided Audio Cable (6-foot). Griffin Tangle-Free 3.5mm to 3.5mm Audio Cable (3-foot). Scosche auxBOX Retractable 3.5 mm Audio Cable (3-foot). Plantronics M165 Marque 2 Bluetooth Wireless Headset Best Value. Motorola HZ850 Whisper Bluetooth Wireless Headset Executive Grade. Motorola MH003 Boom 2 Bluetooth Wireless Headset. Plantronics Voyager Legend Bluetooth Wireless Headset. Plantronics Voyager Edge Bluetooth Wireless Headset. Plantronics Voyager Edge UC Bluetooth Wireless Headset (PC, Cell). Plantronics B235 Voyager Legend UC Wireless Headset (PC, Cell). Plantronics Voyager 5200 UC Bluetooth Wireless Headset (PC, Cell). Plantronics Voyager Focus UC Bluetooth Wireless Headset (PC, Cell). Jabra Steel Rugged Bluetooth Wireless Headset. Jabra Motion UC Bluetooth Headset with USB Adapter for VoIP. Jabra Motion UC Bluetooth Headset with USB Adapter & Travel/Charge Kit. Jabra EVOLVE 65 UC Mono Headset (Cell & Softphones). Jabra EVOLVE 65 UC Stereo Headset (Cell & Softphones). Jabra EVOLVE 75 UC Stereo Headset (Cell & Softphones). Jabra EVOLVE 75+ UC Stereo Headset With Charging Stand (Cell & Softphones). Samsung Gear IconX True Wireless Bluetooth Earbuds (White). BEM NKD True Wireless Bluetooth Earbuds (Silver / Black). LG Tone Pro Bluetooth Wireless Headphones / Headset (Black). LG Tone Pro Bluetooth Wireless Headphones / Headset (White). LG Tone Ultra Bluetooth Wireless Headset (Black). LG Tone Ultra Bluetooth Wireless Headset (Navy) ETA 3/9/18. LG Tone Infinim Bluetooth Wireless Headset (Black). LG Tone Free Bluetooth Earbuds (Black). Samsung Level Active Bluetooth Headset (Black / Blue). Samsung Level U Pro Bluetooth Headset (Black). Samsung Level U Pro Bluetooth Headset (Bronze). Plantronics BackBeat GO 2 Bluetooth Wireless Headphones / Headset. Plantronics Voyager 8200 UC Bluetooth Wireless Headphones / Headset. NoiseHush i9 Noise Cancelling Bluetooth Wireless Headphones. Apple Stereo Earbuds with Remote and Mic (Adapter needed for iPhone 7 & newer models). Apple Stereo EarPods with Remote and Mic (Adapter needed for iPhone 7 & newer models). Apple In-Ear Headphones with Remote and Mic (Adapter needed for iPhone 7 & newer models). Samsung HS130 Stereo Earbuds with Remote and Mic (Adapter needed for iPhone 7 & newer models). Skullcandy Ink'd Stereo Earbuds with Remote and Mic (Adapter needed for iPhone 7 & newer models). NoiseHush NX80 Stereo Earbuds with Remote and Mic (Adapter needed for iPhone 7 & newer models). Scosche Stereo Earbuds with Remote and Mic (Adapter needed for iPhone 7 & newer models). Earbud Headset With Call Control Button. Stereo Earbud Headset With Call Control Button. Stereo Earbud Headset With Call Control Button. BlackBerry Premium Stereo Headset With Tangle-Free Cord. Jabra EVOLVE 40 Mono Wired Headset Headset Only. Jabra EVOLVE 40 Stereo Wired Headset Headset Only. Jabra EVOLVE 80 Stereo Wired Headset with Active Noise Cancellation Headset Only. Cellet Premium Headband Headset with Flexible Boom Mic. Zagg Limitless Universal Backlit Keyboard & Stand. ZAGG Foldable Pocket Keyboard and Stand. SanDisk Ultra 16GB microSDHC Memory Card with SD Adapter. SanDisk Ultra 32GB microSDHC Memory Card with SD Adapter. SanDisk Ultra 64GB microSDXC Memory Card with SD Adapter. SanDisk Ultra 128GB microSDXC Memory Card with SD Adapter. SanDisk MobileMate Duo USB and SD Adapters for Memory Cards. MyBat Ultra Compact 32GB USB Flash Drive. Seagate 1TB Slim Portable External Hard Drive (Silver). Seagate 1TB Slim Portable External Hard Drive (Blue). Seagate 1TB Slim Portable External Hard Drive (Red). Seagate 2TB Slim Portable External Hard Drive (Black). Seagate 6TB Slim Portable External Hard Drive (Black). ZAGGwipes Antibacterial Device Screen Wipes (15-pack). Gadget Guard Techtonic Screen Cleaner Kit w/ Microfiber Cleaning Cloth. Joy Factory LockDown Universal Key Cable Lock Kit. weBoost Drive 4G-S Cradle Booster Kit. weBoost Drive 3G-Flex Cellular Signal Booster Kit. weBoost Drive 4G-M Signal Booster Kit for Vehicle (Boosts 4G Data). weBoost Drive 4G-X Wireless Vehicle Booster Kit (Boosts 4G Data). weBoost eqo 4G Signal Booster Kit Plug & Play (Up to 1,200 sq. weBoost Home 3G Cellular Signal Booster Kit (Up to 1,500 sq. weBoost Home 4G Cellular Signal Booster Kit (Up to 1,500 sq. zBoost SOHO Dual-Band Cell Phone Signal Booster (Up to 2,500 sq. TRENDnet N300 WiFi Range Extender (Single Band/300Mbps). TRENDnet AC1750 WiFi Range Extender / Access Point (Dual Band/450 Mbps & 1.3 Gbps). Goal Zero Guide 10 Plus Solar Kit 7 Watt Panel 2,300 mAh Battery. Goal Zero Venture 30 Solar Recharging Kit 7 Watt Panel 7,800 mAh Battery. Goal Zero Sherpa 100 Solar Kit w/ AC Inverter 20 Watt Panel 8,800 mAh Battery. Goal Zero Yeti 400 Solar Generator Kit 20 Watt Panel 33,000 mAh Battery. Goal Zero Yeti 1250 Solar Generator Kit 30 Watt Panel (X2) 100,000 mAh Battery. Coleman Aktiv Sounds Waterproof Bluetooth Wireless Speaker (Gray). Coleman Aktiv Sounds Waterproof Bluetooth Wireless Speaker (Red). Braven BRV-1 Rugged & Waterproof Bluetooth Wireless Speaker (1400mAh). Parrot MINIKIT Neo 2 HD Bluetooth Wireless Visor Speakerphone *Recommended*. Jabra DRIVE Bluetooth Wireless Visor Speakerphone. Motorola Sonic Rider Bluetooth Wireless In-Car Speakerphone (Black). Jabra FREEWAY Bluetooth Wireless Visor Speakerphone. Plantronics Calisto 620 Wireless UC Speakerphone for PCs and Cell Phones. Jabra Tour In-Car Bluetooth Wireless Speakerphone. Jabra Speak 710 UC Speakerphone (Black). Universal Stylus with Lanyard for Headphone Jack (Black). Universal Stylus with Lanyard for Headphone Jack (Silver). Universal Stylus with Lanyard for Headphone Jack (Black). Universal Mesh Tip Stylus *Works well with screen protectors*. Adonit Dash 3 Fine Point Rechargable Stylus (Black). Adonit Pro 3 Fine Point Stylus (Black). Nite Ize Inka Mobile Pen & Stylus (Black). Sign up for our monthly newsletter and be the first to know about new products and deals!. © 2017 Cellular Accessories for Less. 
