more ... more .... more ... more .... MEMORY: 16 GB + MicroSD. Release date: Dec 7, 2016. View all photos (5). The Alcatel POP 4S is a phablet with a 5.5-inch 1080 x 1920 display (400 PPI – quite crisp), an octa-core MediaTek Helio P10 (4 cores clocked at 1.8 GHz, 4 clocked at 1 GHz), 2 GB of RAM, and 16 GB of storage, expandable via microSD of up to 64 GB. Its main camera has a 13 MP sensor with an aperture of F2.0, assisted by phase detection autofocus, dual-tone LED flash, and electronic image stabilization. On the front, we have the same wide-angle selfie snapper with LED flash as the lower-end POP models. The POP 4S also has a larger juicebox – 2,960 mAh. As an added bonus, it has a fingerprint scanner for quick unlocks.. Dimensions: 5.98 x 3.03 x 0.31 inches (152 x 77 x 7.99 mm). Weight: 5.29 oz (150 g) the average is 5.6 oz (159 g). Features: Fingerprint (touch), Touch sensitive control keys. Colors: Black, Brown, Green, Blue, Red. Resolution: 1080 x 1920 pixels. Features: Oleophobic coating, Scratch-resistant glass (Dragontrail), Ambient light sensor, Proximity sensor. Pixel density - The pixel density of a display represents the number of pixels over an area of one inch. It’s measured in “pixels per inch”, or ppi. The higher the number, the more detailed and good-looking the display is.. Technology - There are two main screen technologies currently used in phones and tablets: LCD and AMOLED. The former usually features a light source and liquid crystals, while the latter is based on organic light-emitting diodes. Newer LCD variations like IPS-LCD and Super-LCD allow for very accurate color reproduction and very wide viewing angles, where no significant image quality loss is observed. Current AMOLED screens differ in such a way that they can exhibit much more saturated colors (sometimes too much) and incredibly high contrast levels, which is due to black color being completely black in AMOLED displays.. Screen-to-body ratio - Shows what part of the frontal area of a phone its screen occupies.. Software Features: Digital image stabilization, Face detection, Self-timer, Digital zoom, Geo tagging. Settings: Exposure compensation, ISO control, White balance presets. Shooting Modes: High Dynamic Range mode (HDR), Panorama. Aperture size - The aperture of a camera is the opening through which light travels before it reaches the camera sensor. The smaller the number is, the bigger this opening is, allowing for more light to pass.. Camera sensor size - A bigger camera sensor is able to capture more light, and thus produce better photos.. Octa-core, 1800 MHz, ARM Cortex-A53, 64-bit. System chip - Most modern handsets use an advanced chip that includes many of the device’s hardware modules like the processor, Wi-Fi, Bluetooth and sometimes even the wireless radio. This field shows what particular system chip (or System-on-a-Chip) is used in the phone.. Processor - The processor is the main computing component of a phone and is a major factor when it comes to the overall speed of the device. Some more powerful smartphones use dual-core and quad-core processors designed to deliver greater performance.. Graphics processor - The graphics processor is important for the smooth operation of the system and especially in games and other applications that may involve complex graphics and animations.. System memory - System memory, or RAM memory is the type of memory that the device uses to temporarily store data from the OS or currently-running apps. The more RAM available to the device, the better the performance will be when multiple or heavier programs are running.. Built-in storage - Bigger storage capacity allows you to keep more content saved onto your device, such as more applications, photos or video. Games and video content typically take up the biggest amount of storage space.. Storage expansion - Some handsets allow you to expand their storage capacity by using a memory expansion card – most often microSD. Expansion memory is mostly suitable for media storage, such as photo, video or music content.. Talk time: 15.00 hours the average is 20 h (1229 min). Stand-by time: 20.8 days (500 hours) the average is 21 days (502 h). Talk time (3G): 12.00 hours the average is 19 h (1147 min). Stand-by time (3G): 20.0 days (480 hours) the average is 25 days (590 h). Capacity - The bigger, the better! However, battery capacity is not the only factor that has an effect on battery life. Those include the chipset in use, the software running on the device, as well as the consumer's unique usage pattern.. Multimedia Screen mirroring: Wireless screen share. Filter by: Album, Artist, Genre, Playlists. Features: Album art cover, Background playback. Cellular GSM: 850, 900, 1800, 1900 MHz. UMTS: 850, 900, 1700/2100, 1900, 2100 MHz. LTE (FDD): Bands 2, 3, 4, 5, 7, 17, 28. Data: LTE-A Cat 6 (300/50 Mbit/s), HSDPA+ (4G) 42.2 Mbit/s, HSUPA 5.76 Mbit/s. Accelerometer, Gyroscope, Compass, Hall (for flip covers). Notifications: Haptic feedback, Music ringtones (MP3), Polyphonic ringtones, Vibration, Flight mode, Silent mode, Speakerphone. Other features: Voice dialing, Voice commands, Voice recording. Features: Mass storage device, USB charging. Other: NFC, Tethering, Computer sync, OTA sync. Positioning - This field shows the positioning systems supported by the device. The most common types are GPS and A-GPS.. GPS - This is one of the most widespread global positioning technologies, developed and maintained by the U.S. It uses satellites in order to detect your location. A-GPS - A-GPS stands for Assisted GPS and is the industry standard for positioning and navigation. “Assisted” means that it can use local wireless networks, in addition to satellites, for quicker and more precise localization.. Availability Officially announced: 22 Feb 2016. To see the full specifications with in-depth details click here.. Despite our efforts to provide full and correct Alcatel POP 4s specifications, there is always a possibility of making a mistake. If you see any wrong or incomplete data, please LET US KNOW .. If you are interested in using our specs commercially, check out our Phone specs database licensing page.. $100 Buy. Gear S4 may come with a blood pressure monitor, Samsung patent reveals. Google Pay launches today, but its most important feature is not here yet. Galaxy S9 and S9+ previewed in glorious detail with full specs and release date. Galaxy S9 and S9+ price and release date on Verizon, AT&T, T-Mobile and Best Buy. The Samsung Galaxy S9 and S9+ have game-changing cameras with variable aperture and 960fps slow-mo video recording. The Big Barcelona Camera Comparison: iPhone X vs Pixel 2 XL vs Note 8. Samsung Galaxy S9 and S9+ rumor review: Specs, design, features, price and release date. Sony presents Xperia XZ2 and XZ2 Compact: new design and Snapdragon 845. Galaxy S9 Exynos edition gets benchmarked against rivals!. Galaxy S9 first camera comparison vs iPhone X, V30, S8. Samsung Galaxy S9 & S9+ hands-on. MWC 2018: top smartphones to expect. Best smartphone you can buy in 2018. Allo is a quality app, but Google isn't giving it a real chance. All content (phone reviews, news, specs, info), design and layouts are Copyright 2001-2018 phoneArena.com. Reproduction in whole or in part or in any form or medium without written permission is prohibited! Privacy. 
GSM 850 / 900 / 1800 / 1900 - SIM 1 & SIM 2 (dual-SIM model only). HSDPA 850 / 900 / 1900 / 2100 - EMEA. HSDPA 850 / 900 / 1700(AWS) / 1900 / 2100 - USA. LTE band 1(2100), 3(1800), 7(2600), 8(900), 20(800), 28(700) - EMEA. LTE band 2(1900), 3(1800), 4(1700/2100), 5(850), 7(2600), 17(700), 27(800), 28(700) - USA. HSPA 42.2/5.76 Mbps, LTE Cat4 150/50 Mbps or LTE Cat6 300/50 Mbps. 152 x 77 x 7.9 mm (5.98 x 3.03 x 0.31 in). Single SIM (Nano-SIM) or Dual SIM (Nano-SIM, dual stand-by). IPS LCD capacitive touchscreen, 16M colors. 5.5 inches, 83.4 cm 2 (~71.3% screen-to-body ratio). 1080 x 1920 pixels, 16:9 ratio (~401 ppi density). Octa-core (4x1.8 GHz Cortex-A53 & 4x1.0 GHz Cortex-A53). microSD, up to 64 GB (dedicated slot). 13 MP (f/2.0, 1/3"), phase detection autofocus, dual-LED dual-tone flash. Geo-tagging, touch focus, face detection, panorama, HDR. Wi-Fi 802.11 b/g/n, Wi-Fi Direct, hotspot. Fingerprint (front-mounted), accelerometer, proximity/ gyro, compass (optional). SMS(threaded view), MMS, Email, Push Email, IM. Up to 500 h (2G) / Up to 480 h (3G). Up to 15 h (2G) / Up to 12 h (3G). We can not guarantee that the information on this page is 100% correct. alcatel Pop 4S - user opinions and reviews. I uninstalled all updates and installed nova launcher, the phone works really better. the phones stock launcher is very laggy, install Microsoft launcher from play store. also if only tcl gave an update to 7.0 that would be great. Samsung Apple Nokia Sony LG HTC Motorola Huawei Microsoft Lenovo Xiaomi Google Acer Asus Oppo OnePlus Meizu BlackBerry Alcatel ZTE Toshiba Vodafone Energizer XOLO Lava Micromax BLU Gionee vivo LeEco Panasonic HP YU verykool Maxwest Plum. Idol 4 and 4s, Plus 10, POP4, POP4+, and POP4S. alcatel Pop 4+ alcatel Idol 4 Samsung Galaxy J7 (2017) alcatel Idol 3 (5.5) alcatel Pop 4 alcatel A3 XL. alcatel 3x alcatel 3 alcatel 1x alcatel 5 alcatel 3v alcatel Pixi 4 (5). 
Select the department you want to search in. Sign in Account & Lists Sign in Account & Lists Orders Try Prime Cart. Your Amazon.com Today's Deals Gift Cards Registry Sell Help Disability Customer Support. Cell Phones & Accessories Carrier Phones Unlocked Phones Prime Exclusive Phones Accessories Cases Wearable Technology Best Sellers Deals Trade-In All Electronics. has been added to your Cart. Add a Carrier SIM Card for Service Activation:. T-Mobile SIM Starter Kit with Adapter. Cricket BYOD 2.0 Wireless 3-in-1 SIM Card Kit - Pr... 1-Click ordering is not available for this item.. Please enter a valid US zip code.. Please enter a valid US zip code.. Shipping to a APO/FPO/DPO? Please add the address to your address book. Make sure you include the unit and box numbers (if assigned).. & FREE Shipping on eligible orders. 2-Year Unlocked Cell Phone Accidental Protection Plan. Coverage for drops, spills and product malfunctions. Free shipping on all repairs with $25 deductible. Cancel anytime, full refund in the first 30 days. SquareTrade Protection Plans are only valid for new products purchased at Amazon within the last 30 days. Alcatel POP 4S Unlocked Android Smartphone-(AT&T/T-Mobile). This item at this price, sold by Amazon.com, is currently reserved exclusively for Prime members. Prime free trial and invitee customers: We will automatically apply an Amazon.com Gift Card to your Gift Card Balance in the amount equal to the Prime exclusive discount after you become a paid Prime member. If you cancel your paid Prime membership or return the qualifying smartphone within the first 3 months of your paid Prime membership, we may void your Gift Card or charge you in the amount of the Gift Card. Terms and Conditions apply.. Sold by Nexecom and Fulfilled by Amazon .. Fulfillment by Amazon (FBA) is a service we offer sellers that lets them store their products in Amazon's fulfillment centers, and we directly pack, ship, and provide customer service for these products. Something we hope you'll especially enjoy: FBA items qualify for FREE Shipping and Amazon Prime.. If you're a seller, Fulfillment by Amazon can help you increase your sales. learn more about Fulfillment by Amazon. Enjoy a bright display on a 5.5-inch full-hd screen, all day every day. Catch up on social Networks in the morning, read your messages throughout the day, and watch your favorite videos at night. Security you can touch - the pop 4S keeps your information secure while making your interactions more convenient thanks to a built-in fingerprint sensor. Improve your mobile photography with the 13 MP Main Camera and its dual-tone flash. Put your best face forward with the 5 MP front Camera with flash and face beauty Camera setting. Impressive Octal-Core processors - the pop 4S Features an efficient Octal-Core processor that allows seamless transitions between applications for a Device that works just as hard as you. One of these items ships sooner than the other. This item: Alcatel POP 4S Unlocked Android Smartphone-(AT&T/T-Mobile) $99.99. Sold by Nexecom and ships from Amazon Fulfillment.. Alcatel POP4S Case + Screen Protector, Gzerma Gel Skin Bumper Frosted TPU Soft Cover and Ultra-thin… $7.98. Sold by Gzerma and ships from Amazon Fulfillment.. FREE Shipping on orders over $25. Alcatel POP 4S case, KuGi Alcatel POP 4S case - BW style ultra-thin PU Leather Case for Alcatel POP… $9.50. Only 2 left in stock - order soon.. Sold by Vostrostone US and ships from Amazon Fulfillment.. FREE Shipping on orders over $25. This shopping feature will continue to load items. In order to navigate out of this carousel please use your heading shortcut key to navigate to the next or previous heading.. Customers who viewed this item also viewed. Page 1 of 1 Start over Page 1 of 1. Alcatel Pop 4 Plus Factory Unlocked Phone - 5.5" Screen - 16GB - Metal Silver (U.S. Alcatel A30 GSM Unlocked Smartphone (AT&T/T-Mobile) - 5" HD Display, 16 GB, 5MP Selfie Camera, and Android 7.0 Nougat [Black]. Alcatel Pop 4 Plus Factory GSM Unlocked Phone - 5.5" Screen - 16GB - Dark Gray (U.S. Warranty) Will NOT work with CDMA Netwok sims such as Verizon, Sprint, Etc.. ALCATEL OneTouch Idol 3 Global Unlocked 4G LTE Smartphone, 4.7 HD IPS Display, 16GB (GSM - US Warranty). Alcatel IDOL 4S Unlocked 4G LTE Android Smartphone with VR Goggles and JBL Headset -32GB - (AT&T/T-Mobile). Alcatel Idol 4S Unlocked 4G LTE Android Smartphone. This shopping feature will continue to load items. In order to navigate out of this carousel please use your heading shortcut key to navigate to the next or previous heading.. Customers who bought this item also bought. Page 1 of 1 Start over Page 1 of 1. Alcatel POP4S Case + Screen Protector, Gzerma Gel Skin Bumper Frosted TPU Soft Cover and Ultra-thin Soft [Explosion-proof] [Bubble-Free] Nano Protective Film for Alcatel POP 4S (Gray). Alcatel POP 4S case, KuGi Alcatel POP 4S case - BW style ultra-thin PU Leather Case for Alcatel POP 4S smartphone (Black). Alcatel POP 4S Case,Skmy Shockproof Impact Protection Tough Rugged Dual Layer Protective Case Cover with Kickstand for Alcatel POP 4S (Black). Alcatel Pop 4S Glass Screen Protector ,[1 Pack] Nacodex For Alcatel One Touch Pop 4S 5.5-inch Premium HD Ballistic Tempered Glass Screen Protector. Alcatel POP 4S Case,Mustaner Full-body Protective Case Dual Layer Shock-Absorption Armor Cover with Kickstand Combo PC+TPU Back Case for Alcatel POP 4S (Black). Alcatel POP 4S Case + Screen Protector, Gzerma Gel Skin Bumper Frosted TPU Soft Cover and Ultra-thin Soft [Explosion-proof] [Bubble-Free] Nano Protective Film for Alcatel POP4S (Blue). Find answers in product info, Q&As, reviews. Please make sure that you are posting in the form of a question.. Don't see what you're looking for?. There was a problem completing your request. Please try your search again later.. Alcatel POP 4S The Perfect Amount of Expression.. The Alcatel POP 4S features premium smartphone experiences at an unexpected value. Enjoy a bright 5.5” Full-HD display all day every day. Catch up on social networks in the morning, read your messages throughout the day, and watch your favorite videos at night, all in stunning detail. The POP 4S also keeps your information secure while making your interactions more convenient thanks to a built-in fingerprint sensor.. Improve your mobile photography with the 13 MP main camera and its dual-tone flash. Put your best face forward with the 5 MP front camera with flash and Face Beauty camera setting. If that’s not enough, the camera features more tools to help you snap the perfect photo: Picture in Picture Mode takes photos from both cameras in one image and Kids Mode-produces various sound effects to get the attention of a hard-to-capture subject.. This value-packed smartphone also has enough horsepower to keep you going, with an efficient octa-core processor that allows seamless transitions between apps for a device that works just as hard as you.. Alcatel is the number four mobile phone manufacturer in North America, with a heritage of designing and manufacturing high-quality, high-performing mobile technology that offers the perfect amount of value. With relationships with North America’s top GSM carriers (like: T-Mobile, MetroPCS, AT&T, Cricket Wireless, Net10, Straight Talk, TELUS and Bell), Alcatel unlocked smartphones are optimized for these carrier networks so you can be confident you’re getting a smartphone that can perform. Alcatel backs our devices with a two year warranty, so you can be sure you’re covered.. Enjoy a bright display on a 5.5” Full-HD screen, all day every day. Catch up on social networks in the morning, read your messages throughout the day, and watch your favorite videos at night, all in stunning detail.. The POP 4S keeps your information secure while making your interactions more convenient thanks to a built-in fingerprint sensor.. Capture Moments Just The Way You Want. 13 MP main camera with dual-tone flash, 5 MP front camera with flash plus multiple capture settings including: HDR, Panorama, Night Mode, Face Beauty, Gesture shot, Smile shot, Picture in Picture, and Kids Mode to capture the perfect picture.. Octa-Core Processing Power and All-Day Battery Life. The POP 4S features an efficient octa-core processor that allows seamless transitions between apps for a device that works just as hard as you. Also, thanks to a robust 2960mAh battery, enjoy up to 12 hours of talk time for all-day use.. Enjoy more of the content you love with 16GB internal storage with support for an additional 64GB of MicroSD storage.. Enjoy a more user friendly experience with the unlocked and loaded POP 4S thanks to an uncluttered Android 6.0 Marshmallow operating system that includes features like App Permissions and Google Now on Tap.. 3.03 x 5.94 x 0.31 in. 0.31 x 3.03 x 5.98 in. 0.33 x 5.59 x 2.78 in. 3.4 x 6.3 x 1.8 in. 3.78 x 7.87 x 7.48 in. 0.28 x 6.06 x 2.97 in. Alcatel POP 4S Unlocked Android Smartphone-(AT&T/T-Mobile). Alcatel Pop 4 Plus Factory Unlocked Phone - 5.5" Screen - 16GB - Metal Silver (U.S. Alcatel A30 GSM Unlocked Smartphone (AT&T/T-Mobile) - 5" HD Display, 16 GB, 5MP Selfie Camera, and Android 7.0 Nougat [Black]. ALCATEL OneTouch Idol 3 Global Unlocked 4G LTE Smartphone, 4.7 HD IPS Display, 16GB (GSM - US Warranty). Alcatel IDOL 4S Unlocked 4G LTE Android Smartphone with VR Goggles and JBL Headset -32GB - (AT&T/T-Mobile). Alcatel IDOL 4S Windows 10 OS 5.5 Inch Unlocked Smartphone with VR Goggles. Alcatel pop 4S, the perfect amount of expression. The Alcatel pop 4S features premium smartphone experiences at an unexpected value.. 5.9 x 3 x 0.3 inches. 14.4 ounces ( View shipping rates and policies ). #60,946 in Cell Phones & Accessories ( See Top 100 in Cell Phones & Accessories ). #1,283 in Cell Phones & Accessories > Unlocked Cell Phones. Product Warranty: For warranty information about this product, please. If you are a seller for this product, would you like to suggest updates through seller support ?. Would you like to tell us about a lower price ?. 5 star 41% 4 star 20% 3 star 15% 2 star 2% 1 star 22%. Share your thoughts with other customers. There was a problem filtering reviews right now. 1.0 out of 5 stars No good.. No good phone heated up on first charge as well as froze or lagged while in use as well as the speaker would go in and out sometimes as well as crackle. Not worth your money and the camera is ehh not terrible but definitely not good.. Was this review helpful to you?. 4.0 out of 5 stars really great screen, good speaker. Runs really smooth, near stock Android, really great screen, good speaker. Fingerprint scanner and camera are just ok. If you aren't a major multi-tasker the phone runs just fine. All in all a great value.. Was this review helpful to you?. 1.0 out of 5 stars Ad-filled bloat-ware and non existent customer service.. Hard to play on low volume: Lowest is very loud. Customer service doesn't reply to email. Pushed Ad-filled bloatware in file-manager, gallery app and launcher (best to replace with Google Now).. 0 Comment | Was this review helpful to you?. 3.0 out of 5 stars budget phone, no update avaliable. Medium budget phone, no update from android 6 :(. Was this review helpful to you?. 2.0 out of 5 stars Way too many Ads!. Happy with the hardware but the installed Android & applications have *WAY* too many Ads.(!) Using this phone is like sifting through my mailbox's junk mail.. Was this review helpful to you?. 5.0 out of 5 stars the best. Was this review helpful to you?. 1.0 out of 5 stars The volume is terrible. I will not buy another Alcatel phone. The volume is terrible. I will not buy another Alcatel phone. I have only had the phone a couple of days and I'm very disappointed. I have already purchased another brand it is a Moto phone which I will be receiving soon. I have read reviews on the Alcatel online and see that other people are having the same issue with the Alcatel and some are experiencing worse ones.. Was this review helpful to you?. 1.0 out of 5 stars One Star. It’s going crazy right now with the hang ups. 0 Comment | Was this review helpful to you?. Bought it in a rush because my LG bricked (Just because I accidentally drop you in the toilet doesn't mean you gotta die on me, man) right before I actually NEEDED a phone. 4.0 out of 5 stars Really good easy to use phone. everything working well, my daughter has been using for about a month. screen seems to have good brightness. 4.0 out of 5 stars good phone for the price. 5.0 out of 5 stars Five Stars. 5.0 out of 5 stars Five Stars. Very good phone considering the price! (I paid U$100). Only 1 SIM, however, I do not need 2.It has a good camera, good screen resolution (my phone came with a front camera with... 5.0 out of 5 stars Best cost-benefice (my came with 8MP front camera). Good performance, nice display, good camrea for my use at least, and minimal added apps outside of android stock. The front flash was a nice touch also. 5.0 out of 5 stars Great value.. About the first six months, the phone worked pretty well but during the seventh month, the phone started giving me overheating issues. 1.0 out of 5 stars Breaks down after six months or so. The best phone I ever bought.This phone works better than any other phone (except a $ 600 HTC M1), and I put a 16g SD card in it and I have 24.7 g of storage. 4.0 out of 5 stars Five Stars. I read several reviews of the Alcatel Pop 4S from terrestrial reviewers that grotesquely pee outside the pot reviewing the phone they received. 5.0 out of 5 stars Peeing Outside The Pot. Amazon Giveaway allows you to run promotional giveaways in order to create buzz, reward your audience, and attract new followers and customers. This item: Alcatel POP 4S Unlocked Android Smartphone-(AT&T/T-Mobile). This shopping feature will continue to load items. In order to navigate out of this carousel please use your heading shortcut key to navigate to the next or previous heading.. Page 1 of 1 Start over Page 1 of 1. Sony Xperia XA1 Ultra 6" Factory Unlocked Phone - 32GB - Black (U.S. Sony Xperia XA1 - Unlocked Smartphone - 32GB - Black (US Warranty). Samsung Galaxy J3 Prime J327T GSM Unlocked Android Smartphone - Black - (Certified Refurbished) (WILL NOT WORK FOR METRO PCS). LG G2, Black 32GB (Verizon Wireless). AT&T GoPhone - Samsung Galaxy Express 3 4G LTE with 8GB Memory Prepaid Cell Phone. LG Leon 4G LTE H345 SmartPhone (T-Mobile). See and discover other items: alcatel one touch phone , alcatel phones , alcatel smartphone , 4g smartphone , best android watch , best photography camera. There's a problem loading this menu right now.. Get fast, free shipping with Amazon Prime. Prime members enjoy FREE Two-Day Shipping and exclusive access to music, movies, TV shows, original audio series, and Kindle books.. Careers About Amazon Investor Relations Amazon Devices. Sell on Amazon Sell Your Services on Amazon Sell on Amazon Business Sell Your Apps on Amazon Become an Affiliate Advertise Your Products Self-Publish with Us › See all. Amazon Rewards Visa Signature Cards Amazon.com Store Card Amazon.com Corporate Credit Line Shop with Points Credit Card Marketplace Reload Your Balance Amazon Currency Converter. Your Account Your Orders Shipping Rates & Policies Amazon Prime Returns & Replacements Manage Your Content and Devices Amazon Assistant Help. Amazon Music Stream millions of songs. Amazon Drive Cloud storage from Amazon. 6pm Score deals on fashion brands. AbeBooks Books, art & collectibles. ACX Audiobook Publishing Made Easy. Alexa Actionable Analytics for the Web. Amazon Business Everything For Your Business. AmazonFresh Groceries & More Right To Your Door. AmazonGlobal Ship Orders Internationally. Home Services Handpicked Pros Happiness Guarantee. Amazon Inspire Digital Educational Resources. Amazon Rapids Fun stories for kids on the go. Amazon Restaurants Food delivery from local restaurants. Amazon Video Direct Video Distribution Made Easy. Amazon Web Services Scalable Cloud Computing Services. Audible Download Audio Books. AudiobookStand Discount Audiobooks on Disc. Book Depository Books With Free Delivery Worldwide. Box Office Mojo Find Movie Box Office Data. ComiXology Thousands of Digital Comics. CreateSpace Indie Print Publishing Made Easy. DPReview Digital Photography. East Dane Designer Men's Fashion. Fabric Sewing, Quilting & Knitting. Goodreads Book reviews & recommendations. IMDb Movies, TV & Celebrities. IMDbPro Get Info Entertainment Professionals Need. Junglee.com Shop Online in India. Kindle Direct Publishing Indie Digital Publishing Made Easy. Prime Now FREE 2-Hour Delivery on Everyday Items. Prime Photos Unlimited Photo Storage Free With Prime. Shopbop Designer Fashion Brands. TenMarks.com Math Activities for Kids & Schools. Warehouse Deals Open-Box Discounts. Whole Foods Market America’s Healthiest Grocery Store. Withoutabox Submit to Film Festivals. Woot! Deals and Shenanigans. Zappos Shoes & Clothing. Souq.com Shop Online in the Middle East. Subscribe with Amazon Discover & try subscription services. Conditions of Use Privacy Notice Interest-Based Ads © 1996-2018, Amazon.com, Inc. 
Our new search experience requires JavaScript to be enabled. Please enable JavaScript on your browser , then try again .. All Categories Antiques Art Baby Books Business & Industrial Cameras & Photo Cell Phones & Accessories Clothing, Shoes & Accessories Coins & Paper Money Collectibles Computers/Tablets & Networking Consumer Electronics Crafts Dolls & Bears DVDs & Movies eBay Motors Entertainment Memorabilia Gift Cards & Coupons Health & Beauty Home & Garden Jewelry & Watches Music Musical Instruments & Gear Pet Supplies Pottery & Glass Real Estate Specialty Services Sporting Goods Sports Mem, Cards & Fan Shop Stamps Tickets & Experiences Toys & Hobbies Travel Video Games & Consoles Everything Else. Hi ( Sign in to bid or buy) Daily Deals Gift Cards Help & Contact Sell. Summary Recently Viewed Bids/Offers Watch List Purchase History Selling Saved Searches Saved Sellers Messages. Refine your search for alcatel pop 4s. All Listings - Current page. results for alcatel pop 4s. Save alcatel pop 4s to get e-mail alerts and updates on your eBay Feed.. Unfollow alcatel pop 4s to stop getting updates on your eBay Feed.. You'll receive email and Feed alerts when new items arrive. Afghanistan - AFG Albania - ALB Algeria - DZA American Samoa - ASM Andorra - AND Angola - AGO Anguilla - AIA Antigua and Barbuda - ATG Argentina - ARG Armenia - ARM Aruba - ABW Australia - AUS Austria - AUT Azerbaijan Republic - AZE Bahamas - BHS Bahrain - BHR Bangladesh - BGD Barbados - BRB Belarus - BLR Belgium - BEL Belize - BLZ Benin - BEN Bermuda - BMU Bhutan - BTN Bolivia - BOL Bosnia and Herzegovina - BIH Botswana - BWA Brazil - BRA British Virgin Islands - VGB Brunei Darussalam - BRN Bulgaria - BGR Burkina Faso - BFA Burma - MMR Burundi - BDI Cambodia - KHM Cameroon - CMR Canada - CAN Cape Verde Islands - CPV Cayman Islands - CYM Central African Republic - CAF Chad - TCD Chile - CHL China - CHN Colombia - COL Comoros - COM Congo, Democratic Republic of the - COD Congo, Republic of the - COG Cook Islands - COK Costa Rica - CRI Cote d Ivoire (Ivory Coast) - CIV Croatia, Republic of - HRV Cyprus - CYP Czech Republic - CZE Denmark - DNK Djibouti - DJI Dominica - DMA Dominican Republic - DOM Ecuador - ECU Egypt - EGY El Salvador - SLV Equatorial Guinea - GNQ Eritrea - ERI Estonia - EST Ethiopia - ETH Falkland Islands (Islas Malvinas) - FLK Fiji - FJI Finland - FIN France - FRA French Guiana - GUF French Polynesia - PYF Gabon Republic - GAB Gambia - GMB Georgia - GEO Germany - DEU Ghana - GHA Gibraltar - GIB Greece - GRC Greenland - GRL Grenada - GRD Guadeloupe - GLP Guam - GUM Guatemala - GTM Guernsey - GGY Guinea - GIN Guinea-Bissau - GNB Guyana - GUY Haiti - HTI Honduras - HND Hong Kong - HKG Hungary - HUN Iceland - ISL India - IND Indonesia - IDN Ireland - IRL Israel - ISR Italy - ITA Jamaica - JAM Japan - JPN Jersey - JEY Jordan - JOR Kazakhstan - KAZ Kenya - KEN Kiribati - KIR Korea, South - KOR Kuwait - KWT Kyrgyzstan - KGZ Laos - LAO Latvia - LVA Lebanon - LBN Liechtenstein - LIE Lithuania - LTU Luxembourg - LUX Macau - MAC Macedonia - MKD Madagascar - MDG Malawi - MWI Malaysia - MYS Maldives - MDV Mali - MLI Malta - MLT Marshall Islands - MHL Martinique - MTQ Mauritania - MRT Mauritius - MUS Mayotte - MYT Mexico - MEX Micronesia - FSM Moldova - MDA Monaco - MCO Mongolia - MNG Montenegro - MNE Montserrat - MSR Morocco - MAR Mozambique - MOZ Namibia - NAM Nauru - NRU Nepal - NPL Netherlands - NLD Netherlands Antilles - ANT New Caledonia - NCL New Zealand - NZL Nicaragua - NIC Niger - NER Nigeria - NGA Niue - NIU Norway - NOR Oman - OMN Pakistan - PAK Palau - PLW Panama - PAN Papua New Guinea - PNG Paraguay - PRY Peru - PER Philippines - PHL Poland - POL Portugal - PRT Puerto Rico - PRI Qatar - QAT Reunion - REU Romania - ROU Russian Federation - RUS Rwanda - RWA Saint Helena - SHN Saint Kitts-Nevis - KNA Saint Lucia - LCA Saint Pierre and Miquelon - SPM Saint Vincent and the Grenadines - VCT San Marino - SMR Saudi Arabia - SAU Senegal - SEN Serbia - SRB Seychelles - SYC Sierra Leone - SLE Singapore - SGP Slovakia - SVK Slovenia - SVN Solomon Islands - SLB Somalia - SOM South Africa - ZAF Spain - ESP Sri Lanka - LKA Suriname - SUR Swaziland - SWZ Sweden - SWE Switzerland - CHE Taiwan - TWN Tajikistan - TJK Tanzania - TZA Thailand - THA Togo - TGO Tonga - TON Trinidad and Tobago - TTO Tunisia - TUN Turkey - TUR Turkmenistan - TKM Turks and Caicos Islands - TCA Tuvalu - TUV Uganda - UGA Ukraine - UKR United Arab Emirates - ARE United Kingdom - UK United States - USA Uruguay - URU Uzbekistan - UZB Vanuatu - VUT Vatican City State - VAT Venezuela - VEN Vietnam - VNM Virgin Islands (U.S) - VIR Wallis and Futuna - WLF Western Sahara - ESH Western Samoa - WSM Yemen - YEM Zambia - ZMB Zimbabwe - ZWE. Tempered Glass Screen Protector Film For Alcatel A3 U5 Pop 4 4S Plus Pixi 4 5 6. Hybrid Rugged Armor Shockproof Case Stand Cover For Alcatel One Touch Pop 4S. Tempered Glass Screen Protector Protective Film For Alcatel Idol 4 4S Pop 4 Plus. For Alcatel One Touch Pop 4S Retro Weave Knit Leather Stand Flip Case Cover New. Hybrid Rugged Armor Shockproof Case Stand Cover For Alcatel One Touch Pop 4S. LEATHER WAIST BELT HOLSTER CLIP POUCH CASE FOR ALCATEL IDOL 4S 4 3 PIXI POP A5. For Alcatel One Touch Pop 4S 5.5 OT-5051 505 Halloween Soft Case Cover Night. LEATHER WAIST BELT HOLSTER CLIP POUCH CASE FOR ALCATEL IDOL 4S 4 3 PIXI POP A5. Tempered Glass Screen Protector Protective Film For Alcatel Pixi 4 Pop 4 Idol 4. For Alcatel One Touch Pop 4S 5.5 OT-5051 Halloween Soft Case Cover Ghost Mask. Cute Diamond Leather Flip Bling Rhinestone Wallet Case Girl Cover For Alcatel. For Alcatel Pop 4S Leather Flip Card Wallet Case Cover Stand Magnet Pouch Black. UNIVERSAL LUMINOUS WATERPROOF POUCH CASE FOR ALCATEL POP PIXI 3 4 4S 4+ 5 6 C2. Armor Shockproof Kickstand Case Cover For Alcatel One Touch Pop 4 4s 4+ Plus. Leather VERTICAL Case Pouch for Alcatel One Touch Fierce XL, Idol 4S, Pop 4S 4+. For Alcatel Pop 4 Plus 5.5", Alcatel POP 4S Horizontal Black Leather Case. #5 NEW Cartoon Flower Leather slots wallet pouch bag cover case with 2 straps E. ANTI-WATER RESIST CASE POUCH BAG FOR ALCATEL POP PIXI 3 4 4S 5S A5 LED FIERCE XL. MAGNETIC FLIP CARD STAND LEATHER CASE FOR ALCATEL IDOL POP PIXI 2 3 4 5 6 FIERCE. Cartoon Lovers Owl Stand Flip Wallet PU Leather Case Cover For Alcatel Mobles. ANTI-WATER RESIST CASE POUCH BAG FOR ALCATEL POP PIXI 3 4 4S 5S A5 LED FIERCE XL. Flip Case PU Leather+Silico ne Cover Stand Back Card Slot For Acer Alcatel Asus. SLIM CASE WITH PULL-UP STRIP AND CARD POCKET GENUINE LEATHER POUCH FOR PHONE. .Alcatel POP 4S Android Unlocked 4G LTE 5.5" Smartphone- Dark Grey Clean ESN!. 1 x clear Tempered Glass Screen Protector for Alcatel POP 4s. Neoprene TPU Rubber Slim Gel Silicone Back Case Cover For Alcatel Sony Samsung. BULL'S HEAD GENUINE LEATHER BELT POUCH CASE & CARD POCKET COVER FOR MOBILE PHONE. MAGNETIC FLIP CARD STAND LEATHER CASE FOR ALCATEL IDOL POP PIXI 2 3 4 5 6 FIERCE. # BULL'S HEAD GENUINE LEATHER BELT POUCH CASE WITH CARD POCKET COVER FOR PHONES. Vertical Flip PU Leather Card Slot Case Stand Cover Wallet For Apple Alcatel. UP AND DOWN PU LEATHER FLIP CASE COVER FOR ALCATEL IDOL POP PIXI C2 3 4 4S 4+. 3D Rainbow Unicorn Flip PU Leather Wallet Phone Case Cover For Alcatel Phones. For Alcatel Sony TPU Soft Silicone Gel Rubber Back Protector Case Cover Skin. 5Classical Retro Wallet Leather Stand Flip Covers Card Slots Cases Hand Strap JX. UP AND DOWN PU LEATHER FLIP CASE COVER FOR ALCATEL IDOL POP PIXI C2 3 4 4S 4+. Cute Painting Pattern Rubber Silicone TPU Soft Case Cover Skin For Alcatel Sony. Amzer Shockproof Hybrid Rugged Warrior Armor Case Cover for Cellphones. For Alcatel One Touch POP 4S Kickstand Case Hybrid Shockproof TPU Hard Cover. 8 x ultra clear Screen Protector for Alcatel POP 4s. Full Grain Leather Wallet Phone Flip Case Cover For Alcatel pop 4s Kickstand. UNIVERSAL LUMINOUS WATERPROOF POUCH CASE FOR ALCATEL POP PIXI 3 4 4S 4+ 5 6 C2. 2017 New Envelope Pattern Premium Leather Side Wallet Flip Case Cover For Alcate. For ALCATEL ONE TOUCH POP 4S Shockproof Grenade Grip Rugged Defender Armor Case. Classic Cartoon Patterned Silicone Soft TPU Rubber Case Cover For Alcatel Sony. 3D Owl Dynamic Liquid Glitter Quicksand Flip PU Leather Case For Alcatel Phones. Purple）3D Dreamcatcher Bling Quicksand Flip Wallet Case For Alcate Mobile Phones. For Alcatel One Touch Pop 4S Magnetic Card Wallet PU Leather Case Stand Cover. More than 150 Phone Model Clear Soft TPU Rubber Silicone Back Case Cover Skin. Luxury Flip Leather 9 Card Slots Wallet Stand Case Cover For Varies Phone. Rugged Armor Hybrid Kickstand Protective Cover For Alcatel One Touch POP 4S Case. For Alcatel POP 4S Soft TPU Matte Gel skin Case cover. Fashion Wallet Photo Frame Leather Kickstand Cover 9 Card Slots Purse Flip Case. For Alcatel Models Luxury Wallet Flip PU Leather Card Slot Case Stand Skin Cover. Patterned Ultra Slim Rubber Soft TPU Silicone Back Case Cover For Nokia Lenovo. For Alcatel Leather Carry Case Cover Pouch Holster + Belt Clip, VERTICAL, Black. For Alcatel series Hybrid Rugged Armor Shockproof Hard Case Kickstand Cover. 150+ Model Clear Patterned Rubber TPU Skin Silicone Back Protector Case Cover. Stylish Cartoon Owl Stand Flip Wallet Leather Case Cover For Alcatel Phones. LCD Screen Touch Digitizer For Alcatel Pop 4s 5095B 5095I 5095K 5095L 5095 Black. For Alcatel One Touch Pop 4S 5.5 5095 Luxury Palace PU Leather Case Cover Flip. ✔ Genuine Leather ✔ Handmade in Europe ✔ Pocket Case. Distressed Cowhide, Handmade in Europe, Vertical Pouch. Distressed Cowhide, Handmade in Europe, Vertical Pouch. eBay determines this price through a machine learned model of the product's sale prices within the last 90 days.. eBay determines trending price through a machine learned model of the product’s sale prices within the last 90 days. "New" refers to a brand-new, unused, unopened, undamaged item, and "Used" refers to an item that has been used previously.. Top Rated Plus Sellers with highest buyer ratings Returns, money back Ships in a business day with tracking Learn More. Top Rated Plus Sellers with highest buyer ratings Returns, money back Ships in a business day with tracking Learn More. $ Enter minimum price to $ Enter maximum price. Please enter a minimum and/or maximum price before continuing.. Site Map Copyright © 1995-2018 eBay Inc. Accessibility , User Agreement , Privacy , Cookies and AdChoice Norton Secured - powered by Verisign. Amounts shown in italicized text are for items listed in currency other than U.S. dollars and are approximate conversions to U.S. dollars based upon Bloomberg's conversion rates. For more recent exchange rates, please use the Universal Currency Converter. Number of bids and bid amounts may be slightly out of date. See each listing for international shipping options and costs.. 
Ver todos los videos en YouTube. Alcatel Pop 4S: Características y especificaciones. El Alcatel Pop 4S es el smartphone más poderoso de la serie Pop 4. Cuenta con una pantalla Full HD de 5.5 pulgadas, procesador octa-core a 1.8GHz, 2GB de RAM, 16GB de almacenamiento interno, cámara principal de 13 megapixels con PDAF, cámara frontal de 5 MP con flash LED para selfies y batería 2960 mAh.. Reviews de usuarios del Alcatel Pop 4S. basado en 1 experiencias. Procesador octa-core 64 bits Conectividad 4G LTE Cámara de alta resolución (13MP) Muy buena densidad de pixels (401ppi). Alcatel Pop 4S características avanzadas. Mas opiniones del Alcatel Pop 4S. Opina sobre el Alcatel Pop 4S. GSM 850 / 900 / 1800 / 1900 (SIM 1 & SIM 2 opcional) - HSDPA 850 / 900 / 1900 / 2100 - LTE 1(2100), 3(1800), 7(2600), 8(900), 20(800), 28(700). 152 x 76.8 x 8 mm. LCD IPS touchscreen capacitivo, 16M colores. 1080 x 1920 pixels, 5.5 pulgadas. - Sensor acelerómetro para auto rotación. - Sensor de proximidad para auto apagado. - Conector de audio 3.5 mm. Entradas y campos prácticamente ilimitados, Foto de llamada. - 16GB almacenamiento interno, 2GB RAM. - Procesador Mediatek MT6755M octa-core 1.8GHz. SMS, MMS, Email, Push Mail, IM. 13 MP, autofocus por detección de fase, flash LED dual, detección de rostro y sonrisa, HDR, geo-tagging, video 720p@30fps, cámara frontal 5 MP con flash LED. - 3G HSDPA 42Mbps / HSUPA 5.76Mbps. - Wi-Fi 802.11 b/g/n; Wi-Fi Direct. Opiniones y Comentarios Alcatel Pop 4S. Hay 9 opiniones del Alcatel Pop 4S .. Llevó ya un tiempo con este moviL y no he tenido problemas con la calculadora, quizas sea el modo en que lo empleas es decir en una calculadora fisica puesdes teclear 100 - 20% = y sale el resultado correcto, pero aqui en movil seria 100 x 20% = para que te de el mismo resultado... Y con la pila tambien me dura un dia pero yo vaya que exprimo el potencial del equipo ya que por ejemplo yo juego Pokemon Go, 8 ball pool, redes Sociales, una app de Amino y herramientas como floating apps, creo que si no lo usara tanto me duraría unos 2 dias y medio, revisa tus apps quizas tengas alguna que te consuma mucha pila por estar en segundo plano... Hola disculpen alguien que tenga este equipo a tenido problemas con la calculadora en el porcentaje, y se les a trabado y que tanto les duro la bateria a mi me dura todo el dia a duras penas. Mentira, éste viene con el Dragontail X Glass. hola este dispositivo llegara a colombia .. No recomiendo, en general, ningún telefono de esta marca. Sus componentes se rompen facilmente, la pantalla, al mínimo y digo mínimo golpe, con protector y carcasa, deja de funcionar. El servicio técnico post venta es lamentable.. Excelente móvil, buen procesador octacore, buena cámara, buena pantalla, 4g LTE , buen precio. Ya esta disponible en venezuela cual es su precio..?. Ver todas las Opiniones del Alcatel Pop 4S - Total de opiniones de usuarios: 9. Tu experiencia o preguntas sobre el Alcatel Pop 4S. - Sé preciso en la pregunta sobre el Alcatel Pop 4S. - Cuenta tus experiencias positivas y negativas. - No insultes, ni uses palabras groseras, si es así probablemente tu opinión se elimine. - Recuerda que smartGSM NO vende móviles ni celulares. Tu opinión vale! Recomienda (o no!) al Alcatel Pop 4S a otros usuarios. Alcatel Idol 4S con Windows 10. Sony presenta dos nuevos flagships con nuevo lenguaje de diseño: los esperados Sony Xperia XZ2 y Xperia XZ2 Compact. Una alternativa más confiable para desbloquear la pantalla del Samsung Galaxy S9/S9+: Intelligent Scan. Dos propuestas de mediana a baja gama de ZTE: Blade V9 y Blade V9 VITA, dos modelos con ligeras diferencias. Podría ocurrir que se repitan en otro lado, pero las cámaras del Samsung Galaxy S9/S9+ son algo único. Presentación oficial: el Samsung Galaxy S9/S9+ no viene con muchas sorpresas, pero igualmente deslumbra. SmartGSM es una de las comunidades de habla hispana más grandes sobre teléfonos celulares. Fundado en el 2004, smartGSM cubre todas las noticias y novedades sobre telefonía móvil y provee características de teléfonos celulares, smartphones, tablets y wearables. smartGSM cuenta con una comunidad de usuarios que reflejan sus experiencias, opiniones y críticas sobre teléfonos celulares y tablets.. Las especificaciones de los celulares son a título informativo y pueden variar. smartGSM no se responsabiliza del uso de las mismas.. Copyright © 2004 - 2018 smart-gsm.com. 
Home Shop MWC News Reviews Features Opinions Videos The Gadgets 360 Show Cell Guru Prime Tech Smartphone Reviews Tech and Gadget Reviews How-To Videos Video Game Reviews and Features Top Lists by Gadgets 360 Unboxing and Hands-On Videos Podcasts Compare Mobiles Phone Finder DEALS. Mobiles Tablets Apps Gaming Cameras PC/Laptops AUDIO/VIDEO How To Telecom Science INDIA INTERNET SOCIAL MEDIA WEARABLES हिंदी. Acer Adcom Alcatel Apple Archos Asus BlackBerry Blu Celkon Coolpad Datawind Fly Gionee HTC Huawei iBall iBerry Idea InFocus Intex iVoomi Jivi Karbonn Lava LeEco Lenovo LG Lyf Maxx Mobile Meizu Micromax Microsoft Motorola MTS Nokia Obi Oppo Panasonic Philips Ringing Bells Samsung Sony Spice Swipe Videocon Vivo Wickedleak Xiaomi Xolo Yu Zen Ziox Zopo ZTE. Home Mobiles Phone Finder Alcatel Pop 4S. SPECIFICATIONS USER REVIEWS NEWS. Share on Facebook Tweet Share Share Email Reddit. Alcatel Pop 4S smartphone was launched in February 2016. The phone comes with a 5.50-inch touchscreen display with a resolution of 1080 pixels by 1920 pixels at a PPI of 400 pixels per inch. The Alcatel Pop 4S is powered by 1GHz octa-core MediaTek Helio P10 processor and it comes with 2GB of RAM. The phone packs 16GB of internal storage that can be expanded up to 64GB via a microSD card. As far as the cameras are concerned, the Alcatel Pop 4S packs a 13-megapixel primary camera on the rear and a 5-megapixel front shooter for selfies. The Alcatel Pop 4S runs Android 6.0 and is powered by a 2500mAh non removable battery. The Alcatel Pop 4S is a single SIM (GSM) smartphone that accepts a Regular-SIM. Connectivity options include Wi-Fi, GPS, Bluetooth, USB OTG, 3G and 4G. Sensors on the phone include Proximity sensor, Ambient light sensor and Gyroscope.. Alcatel Pop 4, Pop 4+, Pop 4S Android Smartphones Launched at MWC 2016. More Alcatel mobiles Alcatel mobiles price in India. Release date February 2016 Battery capacity (mAh) 2500 Removable battery No. Screen size (inches) 5.50 Touchscreen Yes Resolution 1080x1920 pixels Pixels per inch (PPI) 400. Processor 1GHz octa-core Processor make MediaTek Helio P10 RAM 2GB Internal storage 16GB Expandable storage Yes Expandable storage type microSD Expandable storage up to (GB) 64. Rear camera 13-megapixel Rear Flash LED Front camera 5-megapixel. Wi-Fi Yes GPS Yes Bluetooth Yes NFC No Infrared No USB OTG Yes Headphones 3.5mm FM No Number of SIMs 1 SIM 1 SIM Type Regular GSM/CDMA GSM 3G Yes 4G/ LTE Yes Supports 4G in India (Band 40) No. Compass/ Magnetometer No Proximity sensor Yes Accelerometer No Ambient light sensor Yes Gyroscope Yes Barometer No Temperature sensor No. Error or missing information? Please let us know. User ratings and reviews for Alcatel Pop 4S. 0 Out of 5. 5 Star 4 Star 3 Star 2 Star 1 Star. Alcatel Pop 4, Pop 4+, Pop 4S Android Smartphones Launched at MWC 2016. Alcatel 5 Alcatel 3V Alcatel 3X Alcatel 3 Alcatel 1X Alcatel 3C Alcatel A7 XL Alcatel A7 Alcatel Idol 5 Alcatel Idol 5S Alcatel U5 HD Alcatel Idol 4 Pro Alcatel A30 Plus Alcatel Idol 5S Alcatel A50 Alcatel Flash Alcatel U5 Alcatel A5 LED Alcatel A3 Alcatel A3 XL Alcatel Idol 4S (Windows 10) Alcatel Pixi 4 Plus Power Alcatel Pixi 4 (5) Alcatel XL Alcatel Shine Lite Alcatel X1 Alcatel Pop Star Alcatel Pop 4+ Alcatel Pop 4. Alcatel Pop 4s Alcatel Pop 4s vs. Alcatel Pop 4 Alcatel Pop 4s vs. Huawei Ascend P7 Alcatel Pop 4s vs. Alcatel Pop 4 Alcatel Pop 4s vs. Samsung Galaxy S4 Mini Plus vs. Samsung Galaxy S Iii Mini Value Edition Alcatel Pop 4s vs. Samsung Galaxy S6 Alcatel Pop 4s vs. LG Google Nexus 5 Huawei Mate 10 vs. Alcatel Pop 4s Alcatel Pop 4s vs. LG K10 Alcatel Pop 4s vs. Nokia 7 Plus Is an Android One Phone With Dual Rear Cameras, Zeiss Optics Samsung Galaxy S9, Galaxy S9+ Pre-Orders Now Open in India Samsung Galaxy S9, Galaxy S9+ With Improved Cameras, AR Emoji Launched Nokia 7 Plus vs Nokia 7 Sony Xperia XZ2, Xperia XZ2 Compact With 18:9 Displays Launched at MWC Nokia 8110 4G Is a 'Slider' Feature Phone With Google, Facebook Apps Mi MIX 2S With Snapdragon 845 Confirmed by Xiaomi; Launching on March 27 OnePlus 5, OnePlus 5T HD Content Streaming Issue Fixed, With a Catch Sony Unveils Xperia Ear Duo to Answer Apple AirPods, Samsung Gear IconX Vodafone to Offer 4.5GB Data Per Day for 28 Days at Rs. Samsung phones price list Lyf phones price list Micromax phones price list Sony phones price list Htc phones price list Lenovo phones price list Intex phones price list Lava phones price list Apple phones price list Nokia phones price list Xolo phones price list Lg phones price list Vivo phones price list Oppo phones price list Gionee phones price list Motorola phones price list Blackberry phones price list Xiaomi phones price list. Sitemaps Archives Advertise About Us Feedback Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions Complaint Redressal Careers Contact Us RSS Ethics Alcatel Pop 4S in Hindi. © Copyright Red Pixels Ventures Limited 2018. Subject Comments. 
Back Up Every Byte On Your Device. Ready to root your Pop 4s? Thanks to One Click Root, rooting has never been safer, easier, or faster. When we called our software “One Click” Root, we really meant it!.. Four Easy Steps to Root Your ALCATEL Pop 4s. How To Root ALCATEL Pop 4s In Minutes. Download and install One Click Root. Connect your Android to your computer. Run One Click Root and let the software. One Click Root Devices ALCATEL Alcatel Pop 4S. Safely Access Your Alcatel Pop 4S ‘ Inner Potential and Boost Functionality. Alcatel shows off its competency and competitiveness by announcing it ‘s soon to be released another mid-range smartphone with premium design and sleek body that is ranked at a price that ‘s perfectly affordable. the high profile brands such as Samsung Galaxy S7 and LG G5 seemed to have stolen the headlines but the Alcatel ‘s latest mid-range smartphone deserves some attention- the Alcatel Pop 4S .. The Alcatel Pop 4S comes with a pretty premium design and build, sleek style and even ships with a VR headset in the box. It comes with a 5.5 inches IPS LCD multi capacitive touchscreen delivering 1080 x 1920 pixels (~401 ppi pixel density) display resolution. It supports either single SIM (Micro-SIM) or Dual SIM (Micro-SIM, dual stand-by). The handset primarily runs on Android OS, v6.0 (Marshmallow), powered by Mediatek MT6755M chipset, supported by Quad-core 1.8 GHz & quad-core 1.0 GHz, either of the variant that will be made available soon. It houses 2GB of RAM and houses 16GB of inbuilt storage that ‘s also expandable through a microSD card of up to 64GB. It boasts 13MP primary camera featuring phase detection autofocus, dual-LED (dual tone) flash, along with geo-tagging, touch focus, face detection, panorama, HDR, and a 5MP selfie snapper secondary camera which also has LED flash. The handset also features Fingerprint, accelerometer, proximity/ gyro, and compass along with fast battery charging capability. It ‘s also powered by a Removable Li-Ion 2960 mAh battery. Additionally, it features an innovative UI that ‘s reversible that you can pick up your device in any way.. Generally, the handset is absolutely gorgeous, it ‘s extremely capable smartphone. Though it only has 2960 mAh battery that makes it a little hanging when you get caught up during the usage. Fortunately, there ‘s a geekly thing that makes your device potentially more capable than it used to be. Rooting is the thing right now for techie and jailbreaking enthusiast. Rooting is the Android equivalent to jailbreaking; it ‘s a method of getting internal access of the. device to unlock the operating system, gains admin rights to customize the device according to the necessity and preference. A rooted device includes perks of having a boost in processor speed, long lasting battery life, expanded storage capacity, customized U, and you can add more new features to your device. Along with that, rooting can allows you to remove preloaded apps and games that bloat and eat up storage in your device. However, searching for the genuine or safe rooting tool can be definitely tricky since many rooting tool you can find on the internet are malware-containing that are harmful to the device. One Click Root is the ultimate rooting solution that ‘s far the best, simplest, fastest, and most reliable rooting tool ever. It ‘s 100% safe and reversible, so no worries at all. With One Click Root, you ‘ll get rooted the fast, safe and convenient way. So bring out and boost your device ‘s inner potential and functionality, root now with One Click Root!. 24/7 Root Support for Your Android. We Support the Following Services and more …. Instantly gain access to your Android’s root files and unlock its full potential.. Don’t like rooted Android? We can unroot your device with one click.. We can repair annoying Android problems and fix your device.. Installing ROMs can be difficult and complicated. Want the best root-only apps? We’ll install them for you.. Speed up your device and free up space by uninstalling bloatware.. We guarantee your Android device will be protected throughout the rooting process. Our certified Android technicians can safely perform a number of different maintenance services. Whether you’re rooting, unrooting, or repairing Android, we will not damage your device or your data in any way. If we cannot safely root your device, we’ll provide a full refund. I called on One Click Root after my own initial attempt for root bricked my LG G4 (H81010o). If you have a new phone running the latest and more challenging software, then I recommend this service. Technician "JJ" helped me and was a smooth and very capable professional. Rarely do I pay for tech support or make endorsements so purchase with confidence, these folks are legit!. Just had a fantastic experience during an expert session to root my phone with Virgil! Honestly, appreciate his patience, problem solving skills along with his willingness to help. Really looking forward to use this software moving on, and definitely recommending to others. I had a great experience with JJ helping me to root my phone. The Samsung Galaxy S4 is a hard phone to root and took a few attempted, but everything worked out. Just wanted to say thank you very much to JJ, he spent several hours wrestling with my tablet, was polite throughout, helpful, informative and wouldn't give up. A credit to his employers, and should be given a pat on the back, well done 🙂. JJ and everyone at this company (Sean, Camille, Michelle, Alex) are AWESOME!!!!! Thanks so much for your help!!!. Need Help? We’re always here for you. One Click Root is committed to providing superior Android maintenance services. We are always available via live chat and by phone. We love our customers and our customers love us back. In addition, our site features thousands of how-to articles and a deep knowledge base filled with information about your Android device.. Jailbreak Your iPhone / iPad: One Click Jailbreak. Root Samsung Galaxy Note 4 Root Samsung Galaxy S5 Root Samsung Galaxy Note 3 Root Samsung Galaxy S4 Root SAMSUNG GALAXY S8 Root Samsung Galaxy S6 Root Samsung Galaxy S3 Root Kindle Fire Root ale-l21 Root SAMSUNG GALAXY S8 PLUS. SM-J327AZ SM-J321AZ SM-J320F SM-J320M/DS SM-J320F/DS SM-J320F/DD SM-J3109 SM-J320H/DS SM-J320A SM-J320AZ. Copyright © 2018 One Click Root. 
Log in and comment. Ya casi estamos listos! Defina un nombre de usuario y una contraseña.. Especificaciones Comentarios Precios Comparar Fondos de pantalla. ¡Hola, estamos contratando! Si eres un redactor, desarrollador o diseñador web únete a nosotros!. El Alcatel Pop 4S es un smartphone Android muy completo, que no tiene mucho que envidiar a los dispositivos más avanzados. Tiene una enorme pantalla Touchscreen de 5.5 pulgadas con una resolución de 1920x1080 pixeles. Como las funciones, en Alcatel Pop 4S realmente no falta nada. Comenzando por el conectividad Wi-fi y GPS. La transferencia de datos y navegación web son previstas por la red UMTS , mas no soporta tecnologías más recientes, tales como HSDPA. Enfatizamos la memoria interna de 16 GB con la posibilidad de expansión. Este Alcatel Pop 4S es un producto con pocos competidores en términos de multimedia gracias a la cámara de 13 megapixeles que permite al Alcatel Pop 4S tirar fotos fantásticas con una resolución de 4160x3120 pixeles. Muy fino, 8 milímetros, lo que hace al Alcatel Pop 4S realmente interesante.. Sistema Operativo Lanzamiento Antena Dimensiones Precios Mejor precio Range de precio RATING Price-quality Hardware - Display - Camera - Performance NETWORK Gsm Dual Sim Sim Card HARDWARE Chipset CPU 64 Bit GPU RAM Memoria Memoria Expansible DISPLAY Pulgadas Resolución Densidad en Pixeles Tipo Touchscreen Multitouch Colores CAMERA Megapixeles Resolución Estabilizador Autofocus Touch Focus Flash HDR Geo Tagging Cámara Secundaria VIDEO Resolución de Grabación FPS de Grabacioón Grabacioón Con Sonido Estereo Opciones De Cámara Secundaria CONNECTIVITY Wi-Fi Bluetooth USB NFC GPS DATA TRANSFER GPRS EDGE UMTS HSDPA HSUPA HSPA+ LTE Velocidad Máxima De Descarga Velocidad Máxima De Subida SENSORS Acelerómetro Proximidad Giroscopio Brújula Huella Digital Micrófono De Reducción de Ruido FEATURES Reproductor De Música Reproductor De Vídeo Radio FM Tv Salida de TV Navegador Reproductor Flash Vibración Altavoz Tonos Tonos Personalizados Otro BATTERY Tipo Amperios. Android 6.0.1 Marshmallow 2016/2 Integrated 152 x 76.8 x 7.99 mm $ 99. ( Todos los precios ) $ 99 - $ 194 6.5 / 10 6.8 / 10 7.1 / 10 7.4 / 10 4.8 / 10 Quad Band (850/900/1800/1900) Micro Cortex-A53 MediaTek Helio P10 MT6755 Quad-core 1.8 GHz Cortex-A53 + Quad-core 1.0 GHz Cortex-A53 Mali-T860 MP2 2 GB 16 GB Fino a 64 GB Micro SD 5.5 1080 x 1920 pixel 401 ppi IPS LCD Capacitive 16 milhões 13 Mp 4160 x 3120 pixel Digital Dual LED 5 Mp Full HD 30 fps Flash LED 802.11b/g/n 4.2 com A2DP Micro USB 2.0 A-GPS 300 Mbps 50 Mbps MP4/H.263/H.264/MPEG-4 Html/HTML5 Polifonic SNS integration Wi-Fi hotspot Litio 2960 Mah. Por favor ayúdenos a mejorar, avísenos si ve un error!. Las mejores ofertas para Alcatel Pop 4S. Alcatel POP 4S Unlocked Android Smartphone-(AT&T/T-Mobile). Alcatel POP 4S Unlocked Android Smartphone-(AT&T/T-Mobile). Alcatel POP 4S 4G LTE Factory Unlocked 5.5 inch Octa Core 16GB 2GB RAM 13MP Usa Latin & Caribbean Bands Fingerprint Android (Phone + VR). Energizer presenta un smartphone con batería de 4,500 mAh. Energizer, la compañía conocida por sus baterías, presentó un nuevo teléfono inteligente, que al menos en papel parece un dispositivo bastante bueno. La empresa ha estado produciendo teléfonos por un tiempo, o. IFA 2017: Dell presenta ordenadores portátiles y de escritorio gaming más nuevos monitores. La fabricante de ordenadores también hizo su paso por la alfombra roja en el IFA y presentó buenas opciones para el área gaming. Usuarios reportan nuevo problema en el iPhone X. Siguen los problemas para Apple y en esta oportunidad algunas unidades de los iPhone X están presentando un extraño sobrecalentamiento. El Xiaomi Redmi Note 5 finalmente se lanzaría en el Q2 de este año y con cámaras duales. Desde fines del años recién pasado que hemos ido conociendo detalles del próximo Xiaomi Redmi Note 5 y ahora hay posible fecha de lanzamiento, aunque no es tan cercana. 
The next video is starting stop. Want to watch this again later?. Sign in to add this video to a playlist.. Sign in to report inappropriate content.. Sign in to make your opinion count.. Sign in to make your opinion count.. The interactive transcript could not be loaded.. Rating is available when the video has been rented.. This feature is not available right now. This is a detailed review of the Alcatel Idol Pop 4S, the lower midrange offering from Alcatel. Timecodes 00:22 Design 02:34 Display 04:16 Sound 05:25 Performance 07:55 Battery 08:58 Software 10:22 Camera 12:04 Conclusion If you want to be awesome and support my channel: Paypal for donation: uncensoredtech@gmail.com --- Twitter: @nimbug Instagram: damir_franc. When autoplay is enabled, a suggested video will automatically play next.. Top 5 BEST Budget Smartphones! (2016/2017). Alcatel POP 4S Unboxing/Set up $150 Unlocked device from Best buy. Top 8 Best BUDGET Phones 2017. Unboxing Alcatel Pop 4S en México. 5 Simple Life Hacks For your Phone. Alcatel Pop 4S versus Pop 4 Plus [GER]. Idol 4S THE BEST Mid-range Android Phone?. Alcatel POP 4S!! Camera App and features!!. Распаковка Alcatel POP 4S / Unboxing Alcatel POP 4S. Alcatel Pop 4S hands on, Camera, Features. Alcatel POP 4, 4S , 4+ HARD RESET. Alcatel Flash Plus 2 Review - Cheapest P10 Octa Core Smartphone !. Alcatel Idol 4S Vs Lumia 950XL Speed Comparison. Sign in to add this to Watch Later. 
The next video is starting stop. Want to watch this again later?. Sign in to add this video to a playlist.. Sign in to report inappropriate content.. Sign in to make your opinion count.. Sign in to make your opinion count.. The interactive transcript could not be loaded.. Rating is available when the video has been rented.. This feature is not available right now. Today I bring you the full review of the Alcatel POP 4S a $150 unlocked device for GSM carrier's Thanks for watching 👍 Please Subscribe for more future Videos ✌ more Alcatel POP 4S coverage check out this channel also https://www.youtube.com/shared?ci=kCI.... When autoplay is enabled, a suggested video will automatically play next.. Alcatel POP 4S Unboxing/Set up $150 Unlocked device from Best buy. Alcatel Pop 4S hands on, Camera, Features. Alcatel Pop 4S unboxing and review. Alcatel POP 4S! Applying A Tempered Glass Screen Protector!!. Alcatel POP 4S!! Camera App and features!!. Alcatel Idol 4S Unboxing and Impressions!. Alcatel Pop 4 Plus unboxing and hands-on review. Alcatel Pop 4S Unboxing & 1st Impressions. LG Stylo 3 Plus Full Review is it still worth buying in 2018?. ZTE ZMAX PRO vs SAMSUNG GALAXY NOTE 5 App Opening Comparison. Alcatel Pop 4s, Review En Español. ALCATEL POP 4S, Review en el MWC16. ZTE Zmax Pro 90 days Later unlocked on Cricket Wireless. Sign in to add this to Watch Later. 
Home Shop MWC News Reviews Features Opinions Videos The Gadgets 360 Show Cell Guru Prime Tech Smartphone Reviews Tech and Gadget Reviews How-To Videos Video Game Reviews and Features Top Lists by Gadgets 360 Unboxing and Hands-On Videos Podcasts Compare Mobiles Phone Finder DEALS. Mobiles Tablets Apps Gaming Cameras PC/Laptops AUDIO/VIDEO How To Telecom Science INDIA INTERNET SOCIAL MEDIA WEARABLES हिंदी. Home Mobiles Mobiles News. Alcatel Pop 4, Pop 4+, Pop 4S Android Smartphones Launched at MWC 2016. Robin Sinha , 22 February 2016. Share on Facebook Tweet Share Share Email Reddit Comment. Alcatel at its pre- MWC 2016 keynote event launched the Idol 4 and the Idol 4S smartphones, apart from the Plus 10 tablet. The company however, is not yet done with the launches as it unveiled three new handsets under its Pop series - the Pop 4, the Pop 4+, and the Pop 4S. The three smartphones run Android 6.0 Marshmallow. Company is yet to announce price and availability details.. The Alcatel Pop 4 is the smallest of all the three handsets. It features a 5-inch HD (720x1280 pixels) resolution display with a pixel density of 293ppi. It packs a quad-core Qualcomm Snapdragon 210 processor clocked at 1.1GHz, paired with 1GB RAM. It houses 8GB inbuilt storage, which can be expanded via a microSD (up to 32GB). Backed by a 2500mAh battery, the handsets features an 8-megapixel rear camera alongside a 5-megapixel front-facing camera with 84.4-degree wide angle and LED flash assistance.. The Alcatel Pop 4+ sports a 5.5-inch HD display with pixel density of 267ppi. The smartphone includes a 1.5GB RAM and a 16GB inbuilt storage, which can be expanded via a microSD card (up to 32GB). Rest of the specifications remain the same as the aforementioned Pop 4.. Lastly, the Alcatel Pop 4S houses a 5.5-inch full-HD (1080x1920 pixels) resolution display with pixel density of 400ppi. It is backed by an octa-core MediaTek Helio P10 (four cores at 1.8GHz + four cores at 1GHz), clubbed with 2GB RAM. The smartphone features 16GB of inbuilt storage, which is expandable via a microSD card (up to 64GB). It has a 13-megapixel rear camera with f/2.0 aperture, PDAF (Phase Detection Auto Focus) and EIS (Electronic Image Stabalisation). There is also wide-angle 5-megapixel front-facing camera with LED flash. It is backed by a 2960mAh battery and bears a fingerprint scanner as well.. While the Alcatel Pop 4 and the Pop 4+ feature 4G LTE (Cat. 4), the Pop 4S features 4G LTE (Cat. All will come bundled with JBL headphones.. For the latest smartphone launches by Samsung, Nokia, Sony, Asus, and other MWC 2018 announcements, visit our MWC hub .. Alcatel Pop 4, Pop 4+, Pop 4S Android Smartphones Launched at MWC 2016. More Alcatel mobiles Alcatel mobiles price in India. Alcatel Pop 4, Pop 4+, Pop 4S Android Smartphones Launched at MWC 2016. More Alcatel mobiles Alcatel mobiles price in India. Alcatel Pop 4, Pop 4+, Pop 4S Android Smartphones Launched at MWC 2016. More Alcatel mobiles Alcatel mobiles price in India. Further reading: Alcatel , Alcatel Pop 4 , Alcatel Pop 4 Plus , Alcatel Pop 4 Plus Specifications , Alcatel Pop 4 Specifications , Alcatel Pop 4S , Alcatel Pop 4S Specifications , Android , Mobiles , MWC , MWC 2016. Reliance Communications Gets CCI Approval to Acquire MTS. Samsung Finds Its Way Into Automobiles With Connect Auto Dongle. Alcatel Pop 4, Pop 4+, Pop 4S Android Smartphones Launched at MWC 2016. Samsung Galaxy S9 और Galaxy S9+ स्मार्टफोन लॉन्च. Nokia 1 एंड्रॉयड गो स्मार्टफोन हुआ लॉन्च. LG V30S ThinQ के साथ MWC 2018 में एलजी ने दी दस्तक. Samsung Galaxy S9, Galaxy S9+ Launched: What's New?. Why Game of Thrones Creators Writing Star Wars Might Be a Bad, Bad Idea. Design by User Feedback? The Customer Isn't Always Right. PS4 Is a Best-Seller but Here Are 4 Reasons It's Far From Perfect. This Is When the New Nokia Phones Will Launch in India Final Fantasy XV to Get New Episodes Until 2019 Vivo Unveils Concept Phone With Half-Screen Fingerprint Scanning at MWC Metal Gear Survive Has a Hidden Message, This Is What It Could Mean Canon EOS 1500D, EOS 3000D Entry-Level DSLRs Launched in India BSNL Partners Nokia for Rollout of 4G VoLTE Services Sony Unveils Xperia Ear Duo to Answer Apple AirPods, Samsung Gear IconX Sony Xperia XZ2, Xperia XZ2 Compact With 18:9 Displays Launched at MWC Mi MIX 2S With Snapdragon 845 Confirmed by Xiaomi; Launching on March 27 Huawei Launches Windows Laptop and Android Tablet at MWC 2018. Nokia 7 Plus Is an Android One Phone With Dual Rear Cameras, Zeiss Optics Samsung Galaxy S9, Galaxy S9+ Pre-Orders Now Open in India Samsung Galaxy S9, Galaxy S9+ With Improved Cameras, AR Emoji Launched Nokia 7 Plus vs Nokia 7 Sony Xperia XZ2, Xperia XZ2 Compact With 18:9 Displays Launched at MWC Nokia 8110 4G Is a 'Slider' Feature Phone With Google, Facebook Apps Mi MIX 2S With Snapdragon 845 Confirmed by Xiaomi; Launching on March 27 OnePlus 5, OnePlus 5T HD Content Streaming Issue Fixed, With a Catch Sony Unveils Xperia Ear Duo to Answer Apple AirPods, Samsung Gear IconX Vodafone to Offer 4.5GB Data Per Day for 28 Days at Rs. Sitemaps Archives Advertise About Us Feedback Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions Complaint Redressal Careers Contact Us RSS Ethics Gadgets Hindi. © Copyright Red Pixels Ventures Limited 2018. 
Sign in or Create an account. UNLOCK ALCATEL VERSO U5 FROM CRICKET NETWORK. UNLOCK LENOVO MOTO TAB FROM AT&T NETWORK. AT&T HUAWEI MATE 10 PRO UNLOCK CODE. UNLOCK HUAWEI MATE 10 L09 FROM AT&T NETWORK. Home Cricket Unlock Code CRICKET ALCATEL POP 4S Unlock Code. Home Cricket Unlock Code Cricket Alcatel Unlock Code CRICKET ALCATEL POP 4S Unlock Code. CRICKET ALCATEL POP 4S Unlock Code. CRICKET ALCATEL POP 4S Unlock Code. What Are The Perks Of An Unlocked CRICKET ALCATEL POP 4S?. How Do I Get My CRICKET ALCATEL POP 4S Unlock Code?. A Guide to Unlocking the CRICKET ALCATEL POP 4S. Turn off the CRICKET ALCATEL POP 4S. Insert a new SIM card (unsupported carrier). Turn on the CRICKET ALCATEL POP 4S phone. The CRICKET ALCATEL POP 4S will ask you for a Network Unlock PIN. Enter the CRICKET ALCATEL POP 4S unlock code. Voila! Your CRICKET ALCATEL POP 4S has been unlocked.. Sometimes, you are going to need to unlock your CRICKET ALCATEL POP 4S. This may be when going out of the country with CRICKET ALCATEL POP 4S or switching carriers. Well, you can get it unlocked for a low price and incredibly fast. We provide you with an CRICKET ALCATEL POP 4S unlock code for just $29.99 .. Sure, this might seem unbelievable, but its true! Our hassle-free process for unlocking the CRICKET ALCATEL POP 4S will have you amazed. In fact, you can unlock CRICKET ALCATEL POP 4S on your own in a few easy steps. It will be over before you know it.. We will send you an CRICKET ALCATEL POP 4S unlock code within given time frame after you order one from us. There isn’t anything illegal here either: we get our CRICKET ALCATEL POP 4S unlock codes directly from the CRICKET user database.. When you look to us for your CRICKET ALCATEL POP 4S unlock code, you can be 99.99% sure that we will unlock your CRICKET ALCATEL POP 4S phone. Our guarantee includes a promise of safe CRICKET ALCATEL POP 4S unlocking service and respectful, professional treatment. It doesn’t matter if you have an unclean or blacklisted IMEI, unpaid bills, or if you have tried to unlock CRICKET ALCATEL POP 4S too many times. Our solution works 100% without any issue.. The biggest and most awesome one is usability. With an unlocked CRICKET ALCATEL POP 4S, you get to travel anywhere in the world and use any SIM card from any carrier, domestic or international, without issues and without having to pay ridiculous roaming rates.. You also don’t have to worry about locking your CRICKET ALCATEL POP 4S ever again. The CRICKET ALCATEL POP 4S unlock process is a one-time thing, so you won’t lose the unlocked version of your CRICKET ALCATEL POP 4S device even if you perform a hard reset.. Added value to your resale price is also a bonus if you plan on selling CRICKET ALCATEL POP 4S phone later. There is a high demand for unlocked CRICKET ALCATEL POP 4S phones. This means you can sell your CRICKET ALCATEL POP 4S for a far higher price when unlocked.. Provide us with your CRICKET ALCATEL POP 4S IMEI number by dialing *#06# on your dialer and recording the number that pops up. That’s all you need to do on your end for unlocking CRICKET ALCATEL POP 4S!. There are 5 easy steps to follow once we send you the CRICKET ALCATEL POP 4S unlock code.. If you really need to enjoy the numerous benefits of an unlocked CRICKET ALCATEL POP 4S, feel free to place your order for CRICKET ALCATEL POP 4S unlock code with us for safe, efficient and fast unlocking of your CRICKET ALCATEL POP 4S mobile phone.. Cricket Unlock Code Cricket Alcatel Unlock Code. How do you rate this product?. Write a headline for your review here:. This product hasn't received any reviews yet. Be the first to review this product!. Click the button below to add the CRICKET ALCATEL POP 4S Unlock Code to your wish list.. Cricket Alcatel Idol 4 Unlock Code. CRICKET ALCATEL IDOL 5 UNLOCK CODE. UNLOCK ALCATEL VERSO U5 FROM CRICKET NETWORK. CRICKET ALCATEL POP 4S Unlock Code. Thank you.the Unlock Code for AT&T Microsoft Lumia 640 XL works. Got the AT&T LG G4 H810 Unlock Code within few hours. AT&T Nokia Lumia 1520 Unlock Code worked like a charm ! i will use service again. Thanks to your team for providing me AT&T SIM Network Unlock PIN for my phone.. All prices are in USD .. 
Sign in or Create an account. UNLOCK ALCATEL VERSO U5 FROM CRICKET NETWORK. UNLOCK LENOVO MOTO TAB FROM AT&T NETWORK. AT&T HUAWEI MATE 10 PRO UNLOCK CODE. UNLOCK HUAWEI MATE 10 L09 FROM AT&T NETWORK. Home AT&T Alcatel Unlock code AT&T ALCATEL POP 4S Unlock Code. Home AT&T Unlock Code AT&T ALCATEL POP 4S Unlock Code. AT&T ALCATEL POP 4S Unlock Code. AT&T ALCATEL POP 4S Unlock Code. What Are The Perks Of An Unlocked AT&T ALCATEL POP 4S?. How Do I Get My AT&T ALCATEL POP 4S Unlock Code?. A Guide to Unlocking the AT&T ALCATEL POP 4S. Turn off the AT&T ALCATEL POP 4S. Insert a new SIM card (unsupported carrier). Turn on the AT&T ALCATEL POP 4S phone. The AT&T ALCATEL POP 4S will ask you for a Network Unlock PIN. Enter the AT&T ALCATEL POP 4S unlock code. Voila! Your AT&T ALCATEL POP 4S has been unlocked.. Sometimes, you are going to need to unlock your AT&T ALCATEL POP 4S. This may be when going out of the country with AT&T ALCATEL POP 4S or switching carriers. Well, you can get it unlocked for a low price and incredibly fast. We provide you with an AT&T ALCATEL POP 4S unlock code for just $15.99 .. Sure, this might seem unbelievable, but its true! Our hassle-free process for unlocking the AT&T ALCATEL POP 4S will have you amazed. In fact, you can unlock AT&T ALCATEL POP 4S on your own in a few easy steps. It will be over before you know it.. We will send you an AT&T ALCATEL POP 4S unlock code within given time frame after you order one from us. There isn’t anything illegal here either: we get our AT&T ALCATEL POP 4S unlock codes directly from the AT&T user database.. When you look to us for your AT&T ALCATEL POP 4S unlock code, you can be 99.99% sure that we will unlock your AT&T ALCATEL POP 4S phone. Our guarantee includes a promise of safe AT&T ALCATEL POP 4S unlocking service and respectful, professional treatment. It doesn’t matter if you have an unclean or blacklisted IMEI, unpaid bills, or if you have tried to unlock AT&T ALCATEL POP 4S too many times. Our solution works 100% without any issue.. The biggest and most awesome one is usability. With an unlocked AT&T ALCATEL POP 4S, you get to travel anywhere in the world and use any SIM card from any carrier, domestic or international, without issues and without having to pay ridiculous roaming rates.. You also don’t have to worry about locking your AT&T ALCATEL POP 4S ever again. The AT&T ALCATEL POP 4S unlock process is a one-time thing, so you won’t lose the unlocked version of your AT&T ALCATEL POP 4S device even if you perform a hard reset.. Added value to your resale price is also a bonus if you plan on selling AT&T ALCATEL POP 4S phone later. There is a high demand for unlocked AT&T ALCATEL POP 4S phones. This means you can sell your AT&T ALCATEL POP 4S for a far higher price when unlocked.. Provide us with your AT&T ALCATEL POP 4S IMEI number by dialing *#06# on your dialer and recording the number that pops up. That’s all you need to do on your end for unlocking AT&T ALCATEL POP 4S!. There are 5 easy steps to follow once we send you the AT&T ALCATEL POP 4S unlock code.. If you really need to enjoy the numerous benefits of an unlocked AT&T ALCATEL POP 4S, feel free to place your order for AT&T ALCATEL POP 4S unlock code with us for safe, efficient and fast unlocking of your AT&T ALCATEL POP 4S mobile phone.. How do you rate this product?. Write a headline for your review here:. This product hasn't received any reviews yet. Be the first to review this product!. Click the button below to add the AT&T ALCATEL POP 4S Unlock Code to your wish list.. AT&T Alcatel OT 356 Unlock Code. CRICKET ALCATEL POP 4S Unlock Code. AT&T ALCATEL POP 4S Unlock Code. Thank you.the Unlock Code for AT&T Microsoft Lumia 640 XL works. Got the AT&T LG G4 H810 Unlock Code within few hours. AT&T Nokia Lumia 1520 Unlock Code worked like a charm ! i will use service again. Thanks to your team for providing me AT&T SIM Network Unlock PIN for my phone.. All prices are in USD .. 
Select the department you want to search in. Sign in Account & Lists Sign in Account & Lists Orders Try Prime Cart. Your Amazon.com Today's Deals Gift Cards Registry Sell Help Disability Customer Support. 1-16 of 33 results for "alcatel pop 4s". See all results for alcatel pop 4s .. Alcatel POP 4S Unlocked Android Smartphone-(AT&T/T-Mobile). $90.00 (4 used &amp new offers). Octal-Core processors - the pop 4S Features an efficient Octal-Core .... Alcatel Pop 4 Plus Factory Unlocked Phone - 5.5" Screen - 16GB - Metal Silver (U.S. Only 13 left in stock - order soon.. $84.95 (18 used &amp new offers). featuring color catcher the pop 4S Plus looks beautiful, with a .... Alcatel Pixi 4 6-Inch LTE Unlocked Smartphone with 1 GB RAM, 8 GB ROM, U.S. $94.95 (6 used &amp new offers). Alcatel POP 4S 4G LTE Factory Unlocked 5.5 inch Octa Core 16GB 2GB RAM 13MP Usa Latin & Caribbean Bands Fingerprint Android (Phone + VR). Only 5 left in stock - order soon.. Alcatel POP4S Case + Screen Protector, Gzerma Gel Skin Bumper Frosted TPU Soft Cover and Ultra-thin Soft [Explosion-proof] [Bubble-Free] Nano Protective Film for Alcatel POP 4S (Gray). 5% off item with purchase of 1 items and 1 more promotion. 5% off item with purchase of 1 items See Details. ALCATEL OneTouch Idol 3 Global Unlocked 4G LTE Smartphone, 5.5 HD IPS Display, 16GB (GSM - US Warranty). $152.00 (4 used &amp new offers). Trade-in eligible for an Amazon gift card. Alcatel POP 4S Case,Mustaner Full-body Protective Case Dual Layer Shock-Absorption Armor Cover with Kickstand Combo PC+TPU Back Case for Alcatel POP 4S (Black). Only 2 left in stock - order soon.. Portable Power Bank 12000mAh External Battery Charger, (Gift Pack, charging 2 devices simultaneously ) with Flashlight LED Suitable For Alcatel IDOL 4S, Alcatel A30, Alcatel POP 4 Plus. by WAM Alcatel Power Bank 12000mAh. Alcatel IDOL 4S , Alcatel A30, Alcatel POP 4 Plus, Alcatel Flint .... OEM Wired Stereo Handsfree Headset Dual Earbuds Earphones with Microphone for Tracfone Alcatel OneTouch Pop Star - Tracfone Alcatel Pop Star - Alcatel Idol 4S. Alcatel Pop 4S Glass Screen Protector ,[1 Pack] Nacodex For Alcatel One Touch Pop 4S 5.5-inch Premium HD Ballistic Tempered Glass Screen Protector. BASIC Alcatel POP 4s USB Adapter Power Kit! Includes : (1) Charging USB 2.0 Data Cable, (1) USB Car Charger Adapter, (1) USB Folding Blade Wall Charger. Only 3 left in stock - order soon.. one accessory kit includes everything you need for your Alcatel POP 4s .... Bluetooth Headphones, bluetooth Headphones Sport Wireless Earbuds In-Ear Stereo Earphones with Mic Suitable For Alcatel IDOL 4S, Alcatel POP 4S, Alcatel AT&T Cingular Flip 2, Alcatel idealXCITE. by WAM Alcatel Bluetooth Headphones. Alcatel IDOL 4S, Alcatel POP 4S , Alcatel AT&T Cingular Flip .... Wireless Bluetooth Headphones, Sports Fitness In-ear Earphones, , Noise Cancelling Suitable For Alcatel POP 4 PLUS, Alcatel POP 4S, Alcatel A30, Alcatel POP 5S, Alcatel A50, Alcatel A30 PLUS. by WAM Alcatel Bluetooth Headset. Alcatel POP 4 PLUS, Alcatel POP 4S , Alcatel PIXI 4, Alcatel A30 .... Professional Ultra SanDisk 32GB Alcatel POP 4s MicroSDHC card with CUSTOM Hi-Speed, Lossless Format! Includes Standard SD Adapter. by Custom SanDisk for Alcatel. Only 3 left in stock - order soon.. Product Features Finally, a CUSTOM and GUARANTEED MicroSDHC to use with your Alcatel POP 4s. Professional Kingston 256GB Alcatel POP 4s MicroSDXC Card with custom formatting and Standard SD Adapter! (Class 10, UHS-I). by Custom Kingston for Alcatel. Only 3 left in stock - order soon.. Professional Ultra SanDisk 400GB Alcatel POP 4s MicroSDXC card with CUSTOM Hi-Speed, Lossless Format! Includes Standard SD Adapter. by Custom SanDisk for Alcatel. Only 3 left in stock - order soon.. 4 Stars & Up & Up. 3 Stars & Up & Up. 2 Stars & Up & Up. 1 Star & Up & Up. All customers get FREE Shipping on orders over $25 shipped by Amazon. Cell Phone Cases, Holsters & Clips. There's a problem loading this menu right now.. Get fast, free shipping with Amazon Prime. Prime members enjoy FREE Two-Day Shipping and exclusive access to music, movies, TV shows, original audio series, and Kindle books.. Careers About Amazon Investor Relations Amazon Devices. Sell on Amazon Sell Your Services on Amazon Sell on Amazon Business Sell Your Apps on Amazon Become an Affiliate Advertise Your Products Self-Publish with Us › See all. Amazon Rewards Visa Signature Cards Amazon.com Store Card Amazon.com Corporate Credit Line Shop with Points Credit Card Marketplace Reload Your Balance Amazon Currency Converter. Your Account Your Orders Shipping Rates & Policies Amazon Prime Returns & Replacements Manage Your Content and Devices Amazon Assistant Help. Amazon Music Stream millions of songs. Amazon Drive Cloud storage from Amazon. 6pm Score deals on fashion brands. AbeBooks Books, art & collectibles. ACX Audiobook Publishing Made Easy. Alexa Actionable Analytics for the Web. Amazon Business Everything For Your Business. AmazonFresh Groceries & More Right To Your Door. AmazonGlobal Ship Orders Internationally. Home Services Handpicked Pros Happiness Guarantee. Amazon Inspire Digital Educational Resources. Amazon Rapids Fun stories for kids on the go. Amazon Restaurants Food delivery from local restaurants. Amazon Video Direct Video Distribution Made Easy. Amazon Web Services Scalable Cloud Computing Services. Audible Download Audio Books. AudiobookStand Discount Audiobooks on Disc. Book Depository Books With Free Delivery Worldwide. Box Office Mojo Find Movie Box Office Data. ComiXology Thousands of Digital Comics. CreateSpace Indie Print Publishing Made Easy. DPReview Digital Photography. East Dane Designer Men's Fashion. Fabric Sewing, Quilting & Knitting. Goodreads Book reviews & recommendations. IMDb Movies, TV & Celebrities. IMDbPro Get Info Entertainment Professionals Need. Junglee.com Shop Online in India. Kindle Direct Publishing Indie Digital Publishing Made Easy. Prime Now FREE 2-Hour Delivery on Everyday Items. Prime Photos Unlimited Photo Storage Free With Prime. Shopbop Designer Fashion Brands. TenMarks.com Math Activities for Kids & Schools. Warehouse Deals Open-Box Discounts. Whole Foods Market America’s Healthiest Grocery Store. Withoutabox Submit to Film Festivals. Woot! Deals and Shenanigans. Zappos Shoes & Clothing. Souq.com Shop Online in the Middle East. Subscribe with Amazon Discover & try subscription services. Conditions of Use Privacy Notice Interest-Based Ads © 1996-2018, Amazon.com, Inc. 
Home › Alcatel › Pop 4S Alcatel Pop 4S - Specifications. Most recent comparisons including Alcatel Pop 4S List of the latest comparisons made by the website visitors, which include Alcatel Pop 4S Last viewed devices List of mobile devices, whose specifications have been recently viewed.. Width Height Thickness Weight Write a review. Specifications Display Camera CPU Battery Prices 1. Dimensions : 76.8 x 152 x 7.99 mm Weight : 145 g SoC : MediaTek Helio P10 (MT6755M) CPU : 4x 1.8 GHz ARM Cortex-A53, 4x 1.0 GHz ARM Cortex-A53, Cores : 8 GPU : ARM Mali-T860 MP2, 550 MHz, Cores : 2 RAM : 2 GB, 933 MHz Storage : 16 GB Memory cards : microSD, microSDHC Display : 5.5 in, IPS, 1080 x 1920 pixels, 24 bit Battery : 2960 mAh, Li-Ion OS : Android 6.0 Marshmallow Camera : 4160 x 3120 pixels, 1920 x 1080 pixels, 30 fps SIM card : Micro-SIM, Nano-SIM Wi-Fi : b, g, n, Wi-Fi Hotspot USB : 2.0, Micro USB Bluetooth : 4.2 Positioning : GPS, A-GPS. Brand and model Information about the brand, model and model alias (if any) of a specific device. Brand Alcatel Model Pop 4S Model alias 5095B 5095I 5095K 5095Y Design Information about the dimensions and weight of the device, shown in different measurement units. Width 76.8 mm (millimeters) 7.68 cm (centimeters) 0.25 ft (feet) 3.02 in (inches) Height 152 mm (millimeters) 15.2 cm (centimeters) 0.5 ft (feet) 5.98 in (inches) Thickness 7.99 mm (millimeters) 0.8 cm (centimeters) 0.03 ft (feet) 0.31 in (inches) Weight 145 g (grams) 0.32 lbs (pounds) 5.11 oz (ounces) Volume 93.27 cm³ (cubic centimeters) 5.66 in³ (cubic inches) Colors Silver Body materials Plastic SIM card The Subscriber Identity Module (SIM) is used in mobile devices for storing data authenticating the subscribers of mobile services. SIM card type Micro-SIM (3FF - third form factor, since 2003, 15.00 x 12.00 x 0.76 mm) Nano-SIM (4FF - fourth form factor, since 2012, 12.30 x 8.80 x 0.67 mm) Number of SIM cards 2 Networks A mobile (cellular) network is a radio system, which allows a large number of mobile devices to communicate with each other. GSM GSM 850 MHz GSM 900 MHz GSM 1800 MHz GSM 1900 MHz UMTS UMTS 850 MHz UMTS 900 MHz UMTS 1900 MHz UMTS 2100 MHz LTE LTE 800 MHz LTE 900 MHz LTE 1800 MHz LTE 2100 MHz LTE 2600 MHz LTE 700 MHz (B28) Mobile network technologies and bandwidth Communication between devices within mobile networks is realized via various generations of network technologies, which provide different bandwidth. Mobile network technologies UMTS (384 kbit/s ) EDGE GPRS HSPA+ (HSUPA 5.76 Mbit/s , HSDPA 42 Mbit/s ) LTE Cat 6 (51.0 Mbit/s , 301.5 Mbit/s ) Operating system Operating system is the system software, which manages and controls the functioning of the hardware components of the device. Operating system (OS) Android 6.0 Marshmallow System on Chip (SoC) A system on a chip (SoC) includes into a single chip some of the main hardware components of the mobile device. SoC MediaTek Helio P10 (MT6755M) Process technology 28 nm (nanometers) CPU 4x 1.8 GHz ARM Cortex-A53, 4x 1.0 GHz ARM Cortex-A53 CPU bits 64 bit Instruction set ARMv8-A Level 1 cache memory (L1) 256 KB + 256 KB (kilobytes) Level 2 cache memory (L2) 2048 KB (kilobytes) 2 MB (megabytes) CPU cores 8 CPU frequency 1800 MHz (megahertz) GPU ARM Mali-T860 MP2 GPU cores 2 GPU frequency 550 MHz (megahertz) RAM capacity 2 GB (gigabytes) RAM type LPDDR3 RAM channels Single channel RAM frequency 933 MHz (megahertz) Storage Every mobile device has a built-in storage (internal memory) with a fixed capacity. Storage 16 GB (gigabytes) Memory cards Memory cards are used in mobile devices for expanding their external storage capacity. Types microSD microSDHC Display The display of a mobile device is characterized by its technology, resolution, pixel density, diagonal length, color depth, etc. Type/technology IPS Diagonal size 5.5 in (inches) 139.7 mm (millimeters) 13.97 cm (centimeters) Width 2.7 in (inches) 68.49 mm (millimeters) 6.85 cm (centimeters) Height 4.79 in (inches) 121.76 mm (millimeters) 12.18 cm (centimeters) Aspect ratio 1.778:1 16:9 Resolution 1080 x 1920 pixels Pixel density 401 ppi (pixels per inch) 157 ppcm (pixels per centimeter) Color depth 24 bit 16777216 colors Display area 71.67 % (percent) Other features Capacitive Multi-touch Full Lamination Technology Sensors Different sensors measure different physical quantities and convert them into signals recognizable by the mobile device. Sensors Proximity Light Accelerometer Compass Fingerprint Hall Primary camera The primary camera of the mobile device is usually placed at its back and is used for taking photos and recording videos. Sensor type CMOS (complementary metal-oxide semiconductor) Sensor size 4.69 x 3.52 mm (millimeters) 0.23 in (inches) Pixel size 1.127 µm (micrometers) 0.001127 mm (millimeters) Crop factor 7.38 Aperture f/2.2 Focal length 3.5 mm (millimeters) 25.82 mm (millimeters) *(35 mm / full frame) Flash type LED Image resolution 4160 x 3120 pixels 12.98 MP (megapixels) Video resolution 1920 x 1080 pixels 2.07 MP (megapixels) Video FPS 30 fps (frames per second) Features Autofocus Continuous shooting Digital zoom Geotagging Panorama HDR Touch focus Face detection White balance settings ISO settings Exposure compensation Scene mode Phase detection Secondary camera Secondary cameras are placed above the screen of the device and are usually used for video calls, gesture recognition, etc. Image resolution 2560 x 1920 pixels 4.92 MP (megapixels) Wide-angle lens - 84.4° Audio Information about the type of speakers and the audio technologies supported by the device. Speaker Loudspeaker Earpiece HAC (M3) - Hearing Aid Compatibility Radio The radio in a mobile device is a built-in FM radio receiver. Radio Yes RDS Tracking/Positioning Information about the positioning and navigation technologies supported by the device. Tracking/Positioning GPS A-GPS Wi-Fi Wi-Fi is a technology that provides wireless data connections between various devices within a short range. Wi-Fi 802.11b (IEEE 802.11b-1999) 802.11g (IEEE 802.11g-2003) 802.11n (IEEE 802.11n-2009) Wi-Fi Hotspot Bluetooth Bluetooth is a standard for secure wireless data transfer between different types of devices over short distances. Version 4.2 Features A2DP (Advanced Audio Distribution Profile) USB The Universal Serial Bus (USB) is an industry standard that allows different electronic devices to exchange data. Connector type Micro USB Version 2.0 Features Charging Mass storage Headphone jack The headphone jack is an audio phone connector, a.k.a. The most widely used one in mobile devices is the 3.5 mm headphone jack. Headphone jack Yes Connectivity Information about other important connectivity technologies supported by the devices. Connectivity Computer sync OTA sync Tethering NFC Browser A web browser is a software application for accessing, fetching, displaying and navigating through information on the World Wide Web. Browser HTML HTML5 CSS 3 Audio file formats/codecs Mobile devices support various audio file formats and codecs, which respectively store and code/decode digital audio data. Audio file formats/codecs AAC (Advanced Audio Coding) AMR / AMR-NB / GSM-AMR (Adaptive Multi-Rate, .amr, .3ga) eAAC+ / aacPlus v2 / HE-AAC v2 FLAC (Free Lossless Audio Codec, .flac) MIDI MP3 (MPEG-2 Audio Layer II, .mp3) OGG (.ogg, .ogv, .oga, .ogx, .spx, .opus) WMA (Windows Media Audio, .wma) WAV (Waveform Audio File Format, .wav, .wave) Video file formats/codecs Mobile devices support various video file formats and codecs, which respectively store and code/decode digital video data. Video file formats/codecs 3GPP (3rd Generation Partnership Project, .3gp) AVI (Audio Video Interleaved, .avi) H.263 H.264 / MPEG-4 Part 10 / AVC video MPEG-4 Xvid Battery The batteries of mobile devices differ in capacity and technology. They provide the electrical charge needed for the functioning of the devices. Capacity 2960 mAh (milliampere-hours) Type Li-Ion 2G talk time 18 h (hours) 1080 min (minutes) 0.8 days 2G stand-by time 300 h (hours) 18000 min (minutes) 12.5 days 3G talk time 18 h (hours) 1080 min (minutes) 0.8 days 3G stand-by time 300 h (hours) 18000 min (minutes) 12.5 days Features Fast charging Non-removable. Brand name of the company that manufactures the device.. Аlternative names, under which the model is known.. the horizontal side of the device when it is used in its standard orientation.. the vertical side of the device when it is used in its standard orientation.. Information about the thickness/depth of the device in different measurement units.. Information about the weight of the device in different measurement units.. Estimated volume of the device, calculated from the dimensions provided by the manufacturer. Applies for devices in the form of a rectangular parallelepiped.. Information about the colors, in which the device is available in the market.. Materials used in the fabrication of the device's body.. Information about the type and size (form factor) of the SIM card used in the device.. Information about the number of SIM cards, supported by the device.. GSM (Global System for Mobile Communications) was developed to replace the analog cellular network (1G), therefore it is referred to as a 2G mobile network. It has been improved with the addition of General Packet Radio Services (GPRS) and later via the Enhanced Data rates for GSM Evolution (EDGE) technology.. UMTS stands for Universal Mobile Telecommunications System. Based on the GSM standard, it is deemed as a 3G mobile network standard. It has been developed by the 3GPP and its major advantage is the provision of greater bandwidth and spectral efficiency, due to the W-CDMA technology.. LTE is deemed to be the fourth generation (4G) of mobile communications technology. It has been developed by the 3GPP based on the GSM/EDGE and UMTS/HSPA technologies in order to increase the speed and capacity of wireless data networks. A further development of the technology is called LTE Advanced.. There are several network technologies that enhance the performance of mobile networks mainly by increased data bandwidth. Information about the communication technologies supported by the device and their respective uplink and downlink bandwidth.. Information about the operating system used by the device as well as its version.. The SoC integrates different hardware components such as the CPU, GPU, memory, peripherals, interfaces, etc., as well as software for their functioning.. Information about the process technology used in manufacturing the chip. The value in nanometers represents half the distance between elements that make up the CPU.. CPU is the Central Processing Unit or the processor of a mobile device. Its main function is to interpret and execute instructions contained in software applications.. The CPU bits are determined by the bit-size of the processor registers, address buses and data buses. 64-bit CPUs provide better performance than 32-bit ones, which on their part perform better than 16-bit processors.. The instruction set architecture (ISA) is a set of commands used by the software to manage the CPU's work. Information about the set of instructions the processor can execute.. The cache memory is used by the processor in order to shorten the time needed to access data and instructions that a frequently used. The L1 (level 1) cache memory has a small volume, but operates faster than the RAM and the rest cache memory levels. If the processor does not find the data needed in L1, it continues to look for it in the L2 cache memory. In some processors the search in L1 and L2 is simultaneous.. The L2 (level 2) cache memory is slower than L1, but has a larger capacity, instead, which allows it to cache more data. Just like L1, it is much faster than the system memory (RAM). If the CPU does not find the data needed in L2, it proceeds to look for them in the L3 cache memory (if there is such) or in the RAM.. A CPU core is the processor unit, which executes software instructions. Presently, besides single-core processors, there are dual-core, quad-core, hexa-core and so on multi-core processors. They increase the performance of the device allowing the execution of multiple instructions in parallel.. The frequency of the processor describes its clock rate in cycles per second. It is measured in Megahertz (MHz) or Gigahertz (GHz).. GPU is a graphical processing unit, which handles computation for 2D/3D graphics applications. In mobile devices GPU is usually utilized by games, UI, video playback, etc. GPU can also perform computation in applications traditionally handled by the CPU.. Similar to the CPU, the GPU consists of processing units called cores. They handle the computation of graphics in various applications.. The frequency is the clock rate of the graphic processor (GPU), which is measured in Megahertz (MHz) or Gigahertz (GHz).. RAM (Random-Access Memory) is used by the operating system and all installed applications. Data in the RAM is lost after the device is turned off or restarted.. Information about the type of RAM used by the device.. Information about the number of RAM channels integrated in the SoC. More channels mean higher data transfer rates.. RAM frequency relates directly to the rate of reading/writing from/in the RAM memory.. Information about the capacity of the built-in storage of the device. Sometimes one and the same model may is offered in variants with different internal storage capacity.. The various types of memory cards are characterized by different sizes and capacity. Information about the supported types of memory cards.. One of the main characteristics of the display is its type/technology, on which depends its performance.. In mobile devices display size is represented by the length of its diagonal measured in inches.. The ratio between the long and the short side of the display. The display resolution shows the number of pixels on the horizontal and vertical side of the screen. The higher the resolution is, the greater the detail of the displayed content.. Information about the number of pixels per centimeter (ppcm) or per inch (ppi) of the display. The higher the pixel density, the more detailed and clearer is the information displayed on the screen.. The color depth of the display is also known as bit depth. It shows the number of bits used for the color components of one pixel. Information about the maximum number of colors the screen can display.. The estimated percentage of the screen area from the device's front area.. Information about other functions and features of the display.. Sensors vary in type and purpose. They increase the overall functionality of the device, in which they are integrated.. Digital cameras use image sensors for taking photos. The sensor characteristics are some of the main factors determining the quality of the camera integrated in the mobile device.. Information about the dimensions of the image sensor used in the device. Usually cameras with larger sensors and less pixel density tend to provide better image quality despite the lower resolution.. A smaller pixel size allows the image sensor to use more pixels thus providing better image resolution. On the other hand, this may negatively impact noise levels and decrease image quality at high ISO settings.. Crop factor is the ratio of the dimensions of a full frame camera's sensor (36 x 24 mm, which equals the frame size of a 35 mm film) and the dimensions of the image sensor of the device. The number shown is the ratio between the diagonals of a full frame sensor (43.3 mm) and the device sensor.. Aperture (f-stop number) indicates the size of the lens diaphragm opening, which controls the amount of light reaching the image sensor. The lower the f-stop number, the larger the diaphragm opening is.. Focal length is the distance in millimeters from the focal point of the image sensor to the optical center of the lens. A focal length, which results in the same field of view on a full-frame (35 mm) camera, is also provided.. Cameras of mobile devices use mainly a LED or a Xenon flash. The LED flash has a softer burst of light and in contrast to the much brighter Xenon flash, is used for recording videos as well.. One of the main characteristics of the cameras of mobile devices is their resolution, which shows the number of pixels on the horizontal and vertical dimensions of the image.. Information about the maximum resolution available for shooting a video with the device.. Information about the maximum number of frames per second (fps), supported by the device while recording a video at maximum resolution. Some of the main standard frame rates for recording and playing video are 24p, 25p, 30p, 60p.. Information about additional software and hardware features of the privamery camera, which improve its overall performance.. Information about the maximum image resolution of the secondary camera. Often, the resolution of the secondary camera is lower than the one of the primary camera.. The loudspeaker is a device, which reproduces various sounds such as ring tones, alarms, music, voice calls, etc. Information about the type of speakers the device uses.. Information whether the device has an FM radio receiver or not.. The tracking/positioning service is provided by various satellite navigation systems, which track the autonomous geo-spatial positioning of the device that supports them. The most common satellite navigation systems are the GPS and the GLONASS. There are also non-satellite technologies for locating mobile devices such as the Enhanced Observed Time Difference, Enhanced 911, GSM Cell ID.. Wi-Fi communication between devices is realized via the IEEE 802.11 standards. Some devices have the possibility to serve as Wi-Fi Hotspots by providing internet access for other nearby devices. Wi-Fi Direct (Wi-Fi P2P) is another useful standard that allows devices to communicate with each other without the need for wireless access point (WAP).. The technology has several versions, which improve the connection speed, range, connectivity and discoverability of the devices. Information about the Bluetooth version of the device.. Bluetooth uses various profiles and protocols related to faster exchange of data, energy saving, better device discoverability, etc. Some of those supported by the device are listed here.. There are several USB connector types: the Standard one, the Mini and Micro connectors, On-The-Go connectors, etc. Type of the USB connector used by the device.. There are several versions of the Universal Serial Bus (USB) standard: USB 1.0 (1996), the USB 2.0 (2000), the USB 3.0 (2008), etc. With each following version the rate of data transfer is increased.. Тhe USB interface in mobile devices may be used for different purposes such as battery charging, using the device as a mass storage, host, etc.. Information whether the device is equipped with a 3.5 mm audio jack.. Information about some of the most widely used connectivity technologies supported by the device.. Information about some of the features and standards supported by the browser of the device.. List of some of the most common audio file formats and codecs supported standardly by the device.. List of some of the most common video file formats and codecs supported standardly by the device.. The capacity of a battery shows the maximum charge, which it can store, measured in mili-Ampere hours.. The battery type is determined by its structure and more specifically, by the chemicals used in it. There are different battery types and some of the most commonly used in mobile devices are the lithium-ion (Li-Ion) and the lithium-ion polymer battery (Li-Polymer).. 2G talk time is the time period a battery charge will last, if one is constantly talking on the phone in a 2G cellular network.. 2G stand-by time is the longest time a battery charge will last, if the device is not used but is constantly connected to the 2G cellular network.. 3G talk time is the time period a battery charge will last, if one is constantly talking on the phone in a 3G cellular network.. 3G stand-by time is the longest time a battery charge will last, if the device is not used but is constantly connected to the 3G mobile network.. Information about some additional features of the device's battery.. Provide information about, which of the published data you want to be edited as well as a reliable source, which confirms the accuracy of the information you suggest *. Enter the characters from the image: *. Dimensions : 76.8 x 152 x 7.99 mm Weight : 145 g SoC : MediaTek Helio P10 (MT6755M) CPU : 4x 1.8 GHz ARM Cortex-A53, 4x 1.0 GHz ARM Cortex-A53, Cores : 8 GPU : ARM Mali-T860 MP2, 550 MHz RAM : 2 GB, 933 MHz Storage : 16 GB Display : 5.5 in, IPS, 1080 x 1920 pixels, 24 bit Battery : 2960 mAh, Li-Ion OS : Android 6.0 Marshmallow Camera : 4160 x 3120 pixels, 1920 x 1080 pixels, 30 fps. The information on this website is provided on "as is, as available basis" without warranty of any kind. DeviceSpecifications is not responsible for any omissions, inaccuracies or other errors in the information it publishes. All warranties with respect to this information are disclaimed. Reproduction of any part of this website in its entirety or partially or in any form or medium without prior written permission is prohibited. The trademarks, marques and logos of the manufacturers of devices, software, hardware, etc. are the property of their respective owners.. 
Select the department you want to search in. Sign in Your Account Try Prime Your Lists Basket. Your Amazon.co.uk Today's Deals Gift Cards & Top Up Sell Help. Amazon.co.uk Today's Deals Warehouse Deals Outlet Subscribe & Save Vouchers Amazon Family Amazon Prime Amazon Pantry Prime Video Prime Student Mobile Apps Amazon Pickup Locations Amazon Assistant. 1-16 of 35 results for "alcatel pop 4s". See all results for alcatel pop 4s .. Alcatel POP 4 UK SIM-Free Smartphone. Only 3 left in stock - order soon.. Alcatel G5095-3BNOSPG Tempered Glass Screen Protector of POP 4S. Only 3 left in stock - order soon.. Product Features Compatible with Alcatel POP 4S. Alcatel G5095-3AALAFG View-Flip Cover for Pop 4S - Black. 2Ticks Anti-Slip Elastic Tablet Cell Phone Finger Grip Ring Holder Selfie Strap - Black For Alcatel POP 4s. LUSHENG Case for Alcatel Pop 4S,Dual-layer Premium PU Leather Skin Bookstyle Flip Case Folio Protective Wallet Cover Campanula Owl Embossed Shell with Folding Kickstand Feature - Blue. Smart Watch Bracelet Pedometer Calorie Counter Fitness Activity Tracker for Outdoor Walking / Running / Cycling for Alcatel POP 4, POP 4+, POP 4S, Shine Lite & U5 - by DURAGADGET. Alcatel Pop 4S (5.5") - Adjustable Sports Armband Holder Case Cover for Running Jogging Cycling Gym by S-Tech Automotive. Alcatel POP 4s Universal PU Leather Top Belt Clip Holster Holder Hip Bag Case Cover. Alcatel POP Star PU Leather Wallet Case Cover Stand New Book Case Stand View For Alcatel PU Leather Book Case. Alcatel One Touch Pop 4S 5.5" Case,Alcatel One Touch Pop 4S 5.5" Cover,[Retro Vintage] Slim PU Leather Wallet Case Purse Protective Cover for Alcatel One Touch Pop 4S 5.5",BONROY® Premium Folio Case with Stand Card Holders Slot [Magnetic Closure] Flip Book Case For Alcatel One Touch Pop 4S 5.5" - Purple. Alcatel Pop 4S Car Charger MicroUSB Tangle Proof In Car Charger with LED Indicator and Overload Protection. alcatel Pop 4S Jack Male to Male M/M Flat Audio Cable Plug Stereo AUX Cord for PC iPod MP3 CAR ( Purple ). Universal Beach Bag / Waterproof raincover / Snow Case for Alcatel Pop 4S 16 GB, Transparent protection against dust, sand, rain Protector for Hiking Outdoor swimming. Fone-Case Alcatel Pop 4s (Light Grey) Wireless Bluetooth Beanie Hat with Stereo Headphones Headset Speaker Hands-Free Buit-In and Touchscreen Gloves with 3 Fingers Silver Coated Nylon Fibre Tips. 4 Stars & Up & Up. 3 Stars & Up & Up. 2 Stars & Up & Up. 1 Star & Up & Up. Cell Phone Portable Power Bank Chargers. Prime members enjoy fast & free shipping, unlimited streaming of movies and TV shows with Prime Video and many more exclusive benefits.. There's a problem loading this menu at the moment.. Careers About Us UK Modern Slavery Statement Sell on Amazon Sell on Amazon Business Associates Programme Fulfilment by Amazon Advertise Your Products Independently Publish with Us Amazon Pay Become an Amazon Vendor › See all Amazon Platinum Mastercard Amazon Classic Mastercard Amazon Money Store Gift Cards Amazon Currency Converter Payment Methods Help Shop with Points Top Up Your Account Track Packages or View Orders Delivery Rates & Policies Amazon Prime Returns & Replacements Manage Your Content and Devices Amazon Mobile App Amazon Assistant Help. Australia Brazil Canada China France Germany India Italy Japan Mexico Netherlands Spain United States. Amazon Music Stream millions of songs. AbeBooks Books, art & collectables. ACX Audiobook Publishing Made Easy. Amazon Web Services Scalable Cloud Computing Services. Audible Download Audio Books. Book Depository Books With Free Delivery Worldwide. DPReview Digital Photography. Goodreads Book reviews & recommendations. IMDb Movies, TV & Celebrities. Junglee.com Shop Online in India. Kindle Direct Publishing Indie Digital Publishing Made Easy. Prime Now 2-Hour Delivery on Everyday Essentials. Shopbop Designer Fashion Brands. Yoyo.com A Happy Place To Shop For Toys. Souq.com Shop Online in the Middle East. Warehouse Deals Deep Discounts Open-Box Products. Amazon Business Service for business customers. Whole Foods Market We Believe in Real Food. Conditions of Use & Sale Privacy Notice Cookies & Internet Advertising © 1996-2018, Amazon.com, Inc. 
Our new search experience requires JavaScript to be enabled. Please enable JavaScript on your browser , then try again .. All Categories Antiques Art Baby Books Business & Industrial Cameras & Photo Cell Phones & Accessories Clothing, Shoes & Accessories Coins & Paper Money Collectibles Computers/Tablets & Networking Consumer Electronics Crafts Dolls & Bears DVDs & Movies eBay Motors Entertainment Memorabilia Gift Cards & Coupons Health & Beauty Home & Garden Jewelry & Watches Music Musical Instruments & Gear Pet Supplies Pottery & Glass Real Estate Specialty Services Sporting Goods Sports Mem, Cards & Fan Shop Stamps Tickets & Experiences Toys & Hobbies Travel Video Games & Consoles Everything Else. Hi ( Sign in to bid or buy) Daily Deals Gift Cards Help & Contact Sell. Summary Recently Viewed Bids/Offers Watch List Purchase History Selling Saved Searches Saved Sellers Messages. Refine your search for alcatel pop 4s case. All Listings - Current page. results for alcatel pop 4s case. Save alcatel pop 4s case to get e-mail alerts and updates on your eBay Feed.. Unfollow alcatel pop 4s case to stop getting updates on your eBay Feed.. You'll receive email and Feed alerts when new items arrive. Afghanistan - AFG Albania - ALB Algeria - DZA American Samoa - ASM Andorra - AND Angola - AGO Anguilla - AIA Antigua and Barbuda - ATG Argentina - ARG Armenia - ARM Aruba - ABW Australia - AUS Austria - AUT Azerbaijan Republic - AZE Bahamas - BHS Bahrain - BHR Bangladesh - BGD Barbados - BRB Belarus - BLR Belgium - BEL Belize - BLZ Benin - BEN Bermuda - BMU Bhutan - BTN Bolivia - BOL Bosnia and Herzegovina - BIH Botswana - BWA Brazil - BRA British Virgin Islands - VGB Brunei Darussalam - BRN Bulgaria - BGR Burkina Faso - BFA Burma - MMR Burundi - BDI Cambodia - KHM Cameroon - CMR Canada - CAN Cape Verde Islands - CPV Cayman Islands - CYM Central African Republic - CAF Chad - TCD Chile - CHL China - CHN Colombia - COL Comoros - COM Congo, Democratic Republic of the - COD Congo, Republic of the - COG Cook Islands - COK Costa Rica - CRI Cote d Ivoire (Ivory Coast) - CIV Croatia, Republic of - HRV Cyprus - CYP Czech Republic - CZE Denmark - DNK Djibouti - DJI Dominica - DMA Dominican Republic - DOM Ecuador - ECU Egypt - EGY El Salvador - SLV Equatorial Guinea - GNQ Eritrea - ERI Estonia - EST Ethiopia - ETH Falkland Islands (Islas Malvinas) - FLK Fiji - FJI Finland - FIN France - FRA French Guiana - GUF French Polynesia - PYF Gabon Republic - GAB Gambia - GMB Georgia - GEO Germany - DEU Ghana - GHA Gibraltar - GIB Greece - GRC Greenland - GRL Grenada - GRD Guadeloupe - GLP Guam - GUM Guatemala - GTM Guernsey - GGY Guinea - GIN Guinea-Bissau - GNB Guyana - GUY Haiti - HTI Honduras - HND Hong Kong - HKG Hungary - HUN Iceland - ISL India - IND Indonesia - IDN Ireland - IRL Israel - ISR Italy - ITA Jamaica - JAM Japan - JPN Jersey - JEY Jordan - JOR Kazakhstan - KAZ Kenya - KEN Kiribati - KIR Korea, South - KOR Kuwait - KWT Kyrgyzstan - KGZ Laos - LAO Latvia - LVA Lebanon - LBN Liechtenstein - LIE Lithuania - LTU Luxembourg - LUX Macau - MAC Macedonia - MKD Madagascar - MDG Malawi - MWI Malaysia - MYS Maldives - MDV Mali - MLI Malta - MLT Marshall Islands - MHL Martinique - MTQ Mauritania - MRT Mauritius - MUS Mayotte - MYT Mexico - MEX Micronesia - FSM Moldova - MDA Monaco - MCO Mongolia - MNG Montenegro - MNE Montserrat - MSR Morocco - MAR Mozambique - MOZ Namibia - NAM Nauru - NRU Nepal - NPL Netherlands - NLD Netherlands Antilles - ANT New Caledonia - NCL New Zealand - NZL Nicaragua - NIC Niger - NER Nigeria - NGA Niue - NIU Norway - NOR Oman - OMN Pakistan - PAK Palau - PLW Panama - PAN Papua New Guinea - PNG Paraguay - PRY Peru - PER Philippines - PHL Poland - POL Portugal - PRT Puerto Rico - PRI Qatar - QAT Reunion - REU Romania - ROU Russian Federation - RUS Rwanda - RWA Saint Helena - SHN Saint Kitts-Nevis - KNA Saint Lucia - LCA Saint Pierre and Miquelon - SPM Saint Vincent and the Grenadines - VCT San Marino - SMR Saudi Arabia - SAU Senegal - SEN Serbia - SRB Seychelles - SYC Sierra Leone - SLE Singapore - SGP Slovakia - SVK Slovenia - SVN Solomon Islands - SLB Somalia - SOM South Africa - ZAF Spain - ESP Sri Lanka - LKA Suriname - SUR Swaziland - SWZ Sweden - SWE Switzerland - CHE Taiwan - TWN Tajikistan - TJK Tanzania - TZA Thailand - THA Togo - TGO Tonga - TON Trinidad and Tobago - TTO Tunisia - TUN Turkey - TUR Turkmenistan - TKM Turks and Caicos Islands - TCA Tuvalu - TUV Uganda - UGA Ukraine - UKR United Arab Emirates - ARE United Kingdom - UK United States - USA Uruguay - URU Uzbekistan - UZB Vanuatu - VUT Vatican City State - VAT Venezuela - VEN Vietnam - VNM Virgin Islands (U.S) - VIR Wallis and Futuna - WLF Western Sahara - ESH Western Samoa - WSM Yemen - YEM Zambia - ZMB Zimbabwe - ZWE. Hybrid Rugged Armor Shockproof Case Stand Cover For Alcatel One Touch Pop 4S. For Alcatel One Touch Pop 4S 5.5 OT-5051 505 Halloween Soft Case Cover Night. Neoprene TPU Rubber Slim Gel Silicone Back Case Cover For Alcatel Sony Samsung. For Alcatel One Touch Pop 4S 5.5 OT-5051 Halloween Soft Case Cover Ghost Mask. For Alcatel One Touch Pixi 4 Plus Power POP 4 Plus 4S Leopard Flip Case Cover. Classic Cartoon Patterned Silicone Soft TPU Rubber Case Cover For Alcatel Sony. Armor Shockproof Kickstand Case Cover For Alcatel One Touch Pop 4 4s 4+ Plus. For Alcatel Sony TPU Soft Silicone Gel Rubber Back Protector Case Cover Skin. For Alcatel One Touch Pop 4S 5.5 OT-5051 505 Halloween Soft TPU Case Cover Witch. Fashion For Alcatel Wallet Money Flip Leather Stand TPU Soft Protect Case Cover. Stylish Rubber Silicone Soft TPU Back Protector Case Cover Skin For Alcatel Sony. Matte Retro Frosted Leather Flip Wallet Card Clip Soft Stand Protect Cover Case. Luxury Leather Wallet Cover Skin Book Flip Stand Case For Alcatel Series Phone. Vertical Flip PU Leather Card Slot Case Stand Cover Wallet For Apple Alcatel. Deluxe Flip Leather Matte Wallet Pouch Card Clip Slot Protect Skin Case Cover. For Alcatel One Touch POP 4S Kickstand Case Hybrid Shockproof TPU Hard Cover. Shocksock Neoprene Pouch Soft Case For Alcatel Various Models. Luxury Matte Wallet Card Slot Photo Frame Flip Leather Stand TPU Skin Case Cover. Wallet Case PU Leather Cases For Alcatel Flip Cell Phone Shell Back Cover Bag. Rugged Armor Hybrid Kickstand Protective Cover For Alcatel One Touch POP 4S Case. Cute Painting Pattern Rubber Silicone TPU Soft Case Cover Skin For Alcatel Sony. For Alcatel Pop 4S Leather Flip Card Wallet Case Cover Stand Magnet Pouch Black. Shockproof Rugged Hybrid Armor Case Kickstand Cover For Alcatel POP 4S 4 S 5095K. 150+ Model Clear Patterned Rubber TPU Skin Silicone Back Protector Case Cover. For Huawei Alcatel Lenovo Stand Wallet Flip Leather TPU Matte Skin Case Cover. For Alcatel series Hybrid Rugged Armor Shockproof Hard Case Kickstand Cover. More than 150 Phone Model Clear Soft TPU Rubber Silicone Back Case Cover Skin. For ALCATEL ONE TOUCH POP 4S Shockproof Grenade Grip Rugged Defender Armor Case. Flip Leather Stand Card Holder Wallet Phone Soft Rubber Case Cover For Alcatel. PU Leather Belt Clip Pouch Loop Hip Carry Case Universal Holder For Acer Archos. For Alcatel POP 4S Soft TPU Matte Gel skin Case cover. Bling Rhinestone cases For Alcatel Wallet PU Leather Cover Filp Stand Phone Bag. Fashion Magnetic Wallet Holder flip case cover For Alcatel Mobile Phone. For Alcatel Photo Frame Stand Pouch Leather Flip Wallet Card Holder Case Cover. For Alcatel Cell Phones Soft Pudding TPU Gel Silicone Back Cover Case Protector. 1x Cute Patterns Litchi Smooth Skin Vertical Flip Case Cover For Alcatel Phone. For Alcatel One Touch Pop 4S Magnetic Card Wallet PU Leather Case Stand Cover. Purple Luxury Vertical Flip PU Leather Card Photo Slot Case Fashion Skin Wallet. For Alcatel Models Luxury Wallet Flip PU Leather Card Slot Case Stand Skin Cover. Classic Magnetic Wallet Holder flip case cover For Alcatel Mobile Phone. Horizontal PU Leather Belt Clip Pouch Loop Hip Carry Case Strong Holder For Acer. Patterned Ultra Slim Rubber Soft TPU Silicone Back Case Cover For Nokia Lenovo. Dog Wolf Panda Wallet Kickstand Flip Case cover For Alcatel One Touch Phone. #5 NEW Cartoon Flower Leather slots wallet pouch bag cover case with 2 straps E. Purple Luxury Vertical Flip PU Leather Card Photo Slot Case Fashion Skin Wallet. For Alcatel series Hybrid Rugged Armor Shockproof Hard Case Kickstand Cover. 2-in-1 hybrid protective case for Alcatel phones stand armor shockproof cover. New Quality Red Luxury Flip PU Leather Card Slot Case Stand Cover Fashion Wallet. New Crystal Grain Vertical Magnetic flip case cover for Various Cell Phone. For Alcatel Pixi 4(5inch) wallet phone case strap dreamcatcher patterns cover. Pixi 4 Pop 4 4+ 4s Idol 4 4s 5 A5 LED A3 A7 XL U5 etc. eBay determines this price through a machine learned model of the product's sale prices within the last 90 days.. eBay determines trending price through a machine learned model of the product’s sale prices within the last 90 days. "New" refers to a brand-new, unused, unopened, undamaged item, and "Used" refers to an item that has been used previously.. Top Rated Plus Sellers with highest buyer ratings Returns, money back Ships in a business day with tracking Learn More. Top Rated Plus Sellers with highest buyer ratings Returns, money back Ships in a business day with tracking Learn More. Cell Phones, Smart Watches & Accessories. Cell Phone Cases, Covers & Skins. $ Enter minimum price to $ Enter maximum price. Please enter a minimum and/or maximum price before continuing.. Site Map Copyright © 1995-2018 eBay Inc. Accessibility , User Agreement , Privacy , Cookies and AdChoice Norton Secured - powered by Verisign. Number of bids and bid amounts may be slightly out of date. See each listing for international shipping options and costs.. 
Products Smartphones Alcatel Android Apple Archos ASUS Bargain Deals BlackBerry Cat Doro Dual SIM Google Honor HTC Smartphones Huawei Kodak Land Rover Lenovo LG Motorola Nokia Nuu Mobile OnePlus Panasonic Toughpad Planet Computers Razer Rugged Phones Samsung Sony Toughphone Waterproof Phones Wileyfox Windows Phone Zebra Refurbished Phones Motorola Nokia Samsung Gaming Microsoft Xbox Nintendo Sony Playstation Tablets Apple Archos Cat Kodak Lenovo Linx Motorola Samsung Accessories Acer Alcatel Apple BlackBerry Brodit CAT Doro General Google Honor HP HTC Huawei Jabra Kodak Land Rover Lenovo LG Memory Microsoft Motorola Motorola Solutions Nokia Panasonic Samsung Sony Wileyfox Zebra Lifestyle Android Auto & Apple CarPlay Dash Cams Drones Fitness Gadgets & Fun Headphones & Hands Free Mobile Gaming Smart Home Smart Watches Speakers WiFi Dongles Memory Smart Wearables Fitness Wristbands Smart Watches Clearance / Special Offers Cables and Chargers Cases Miscellaneous Items Screen Protectors Information Contact Us About Us Delivery Information Returns Terms and Conditions International Customers. Alcatel Android Apple Archos ASUS Bargain Deals BlackBerry Cat Doro Dual SIM Google Honor HTC Smartphones Huawei Kodak Land Rover Lenovo LG Motorola Nokia Nuu Mobile OnePlus Panasonic Toughpad Planet Computers Razer Rugged Phones Samsung Sony Toughphone Waterproof Phones Wileyfox Windows Phone Zebra. Nokia 301 - Black - EE Locked - GRADE A. Motorola Moto G 4G - Black - EE Locked - GRADE A. Samsung Galaxy Tab S 8.4 - White - 4G - Unlocked - Grade A. Apple Archos Cat Kodak Lenovo Linx Motorola Samsung. The Latest Range of Smartphone, Mobile Technology & Mobile Phone Accessories. Acer Alcatel Apple BlackBerry Brodit CAT Doro General Google Honor HP HTC Huawei Jabra Kodak Land Rover Lenovo LG Memory Microsoft Motorola Motorola Solutions Nokia Panasonic Samsung Sony Wileyfox Zebra. Olixar Multi-Length Charge & Sync USB Type-C to Type-A Cables. Android Auto & Apple CarPlay Dash Cams Drones Fitness Gadgets & Fun Headphones & Hands Free Mobile Gaming Smart Home Smart Watches Speakers WiFi Dongles. Alcatel Pop 4S (SIM Free / UK). SIM Free / Unlocked UK stock. Reasons to buy the Alcatel Pop 4S. Fully updated Android 6.0 Marshmallow - new power-saving & security features. Large 5.5" display-View more on screen and do more with less scrolling all in full HD resolution. 16GB memory - Internal storage for apps and files. MicroSD card slot - Expand your storage options and carry even more with you. 13-megapixel camera - Snap great pictures even in low light thanks to dual-tone flash and f/2.0 aperture. 5-megapixel front camera - Get more in that shot with an 84-degree viewing angle. 4G connectivity - Stay connected and online almost anywhere (subject co-signal and data plan). Alcatel Pop 4S (UK SIM Free specification). Be the first to write a review!. Friendly staff based in the UK. Active on socail media including Facebook, Twitter, YouTube, Instagram & Google. With over 20 years of trading behind us, we can boast a large customer base ranging from individual consumers through to large corporate and government organisations here in the UK and internationally.. Whether you are looking for a case, a cable or a number of smartphones for your staff, just some of the reasons to chosoe Clove are:. See what existing customers think of us. CLICK HERE to see our Trusted Shops rating or to find out more, view our About Us page.. If you have any questions then please call us on 44 (0)1202 552936 or email sales@clove.co.uk.. The competitor must be located in the UK. The item must be the same specification & colour. The item must be originally intended to be sold in the same sales region (UK). The competitor must have the product in stock. Full web address of other item:. We are committed to giving you the best prices possible so if you find an identical product elsewhere then fill out our form and let us know.. We will always try to match a competitors price but cannot guarantee that we will be able to.. To qualify for a price match:. Any item we price match will include delivery costs. For any further details please call us on +44(0)1202 552936. WHY CHOOSE US. If consuming media like photos and videos is a big part of your life, or if you do a lot of on-screen reading or document editing a smartphone with a big screen can make all the difference.. The Pop 4S delivers big screen performance at a price often associated with the small screen.. You could suggest the Pop 4S is cheap for what you get but it does not look, feel or perform like a budget phone.. At Clove Technology we provide only UK SIM free specification models of the Alcatel Pop 4S. These are delivered factory unlocked for use on any UK or EU network.. For 3G and 4G/LTE connectivity outside of Europe, please check the frequency specifications and your local operator for compatibility.. The Pop 4S from Alcatel has been announced in a wide range of colour and material finishes including hairline brushed metal, wood and leather. The UK SIM free model available from Clove is the 16GB model with the hairline brushed metal finish in Dark Grey.. You might use a smartphone for business or pleasure or a bit of both. Whatever your reasons for using the Pop 4S from Alcatel offer a fantastic value package.. On the face of it, the Pop 4 has that typical gloss black smartphone look to it, but the sides and back of the handset are finished in a smart, stylish and premium look and feeling hairline brushed aluminium that easily outclasses a lot of the competition.. The internal hardware and screen make for a solid performing device, which you interact with through the large, 5.5” display.. Sporting a full HD resolution images, video and even text look great.. You experience lots of detail, which is particularly noticeable if you intend to use the Pop 4S for media like video playback, be those you stream via 4G, WiFi or access from the internal 16GB of memory found on the phone.. The 13-megapixel camera with f/2.0 aperture and dual-tone LED flash will allow you to capture photos with more detail than many other similarly priced phones. Even low light shots will come out well.. If you like to record videos of those special moments or what goes on in your life then the Pop 4s is perfect for this as it records video at 1080p. Because video can eat into a lot of memory, there is the option of inserting a microSD card into the phone to expand the memory and a number of files you can store on the go.. The built-in 2960mAh should power most through at least 1 full working day, if not longer. Included fast charging technology allows for a full charge in just 100 minutes.. Running Google’s Android 6 Op[rating System you get out of the box access to Google Services and thousands of applications on the Play Store.. Whether you need to navigate from London to Brighton, write a document or do some research whilst on the train, you have the option with the Pop 4S.. At just 150g and 8mm thin, the Pop 4S is a mobile phone that offers performance and specification that surpass its price.. Make/Model Mediatek MT6755M Octa-core (Quad 1.8 GHz & Quad 1.0 GHz). Resolution 1080 x 1920 (~401 ppi). Other Full Lamination, 16.7m color display, Capacitive screen, 5 point touch with gesture. Frequencies 850 / 900 / 1800 / 1900 MHz. Frequencies 850 / 900 / 1900 / 2100 MHz. Frequencies LTE bands 1(2100), 3(1800), 7(2600), 8(900), 20(800), 28(700). Video Out Yes, wireless via Miracast / Google Cast. Flash Phase detection autofocus & dual-LED flash. Other Phase detection autofocus 0.3s, Sensor size 1/3.06, Aperture f/2.0 HDR, EIS, QR code scanner, geo-tagging, touch focus, face detection, panorama, 1080P @30fps. Type 5 MP with LED flash. Formats MP3 / AAC / WAV / Flac player. Dimensions 152 x 77 x 7.9 mm (5.98 x 3.03 x 0.31 in). Other Charging time 100 minutes, Fast charging,. To ensure we do not get spammed by robots filling in this form, please would you type in the largest number from this list - 11, 38, 7, 79, 46. Call us on +44 (0)1202 552936 | Email us at sales@clove.co.uk. © Copyright Design and Content Clove Technology. © Copyright Coding and Touch E-commerce platform from Online Retailing. This item has been added to your basket.. This item has been added to your compare list.. 
Home › Alcatel › Pop 4S Alcatel Pop 4S - Battery. Last viewed devices List of mobile devices, whose specifications have been recently viewed.. Width Height Thickness Weight Write a review. Specifications Display Camera CPU Battery Prices 1. Dimensions : 76.8 x 152 x 7.99 mm Weight : 145 g SoC : MediaTek Helio P10 (MT6755M) CPU : 4x 1.8 GHz ARM Cortex-A53, 4x 1.0 GHz ARM Cortex-A53, Cores : 8 GPU : ARM Mali-T860 MP2, 550 MHz, Cores : 2 RAM : 2 GB, 933 MHz Storage : 16 GB Memory cards : microSD, microSDHC Display : 5.5 in, IPS, 1080 x 1920 pixels, 24 bit Battery : 2960 mAh, Li-Ion OS : Android 6.0 Marshmallow Camera : 4160 x 3120 pixels, 1920 x 1080 pixels, 30 fps SIM card : Micro-SIM, Nano-SIM Wi-Fi : b, g, n, Wi-Fi Hotspot USB : 2.0, Micro USB Bluetooth : 4.2 Positioning : GPS, A-GPS. Battery capacity, other Alcatel models Capacity of the battery of Alcatel Pop 4S and details about other Alcatel models with the same or similar capacity. Battery life, 2G talk time, other Alcatel models Number of hours delivered by the battery of Alcatel Pop 4S in 2G talk time and information about other Alcatel models with the same or similar talk time. Battery life, 2G stand-by time, other Alcatel models Number of hours delivered by the battery of Alcatel Pop 4S in 2G stand-by time and details about other Alcatel models with the same or similar stand-by time. Battery life, 3G talk time, other Alcatel models Number of hours delivered by the battery of Alcatel Pop 4S in 3G talk time and information about other Alcatel models with the same or similar talk time. Battery life, 3G stand-by time, other Alcatel models Number of hours delivered by the battery of Alcatel Pop 4S in 3G stand-by time and details about other Alcatel models with the same or similar stand-by time. Battery capacity, models from other brands Capacity of the battery of Alcatel Pop 4S and information about models from other brands with the same or similar battery capacity. Battery life, 2G talk time, models from other brands Number of hours delivered by the battery of Alcatel Pop 4S in 2G talk time and details about models from other brands with the same or similar talk time. Battery life, 2G stand-by time, models from other brands Number of hours delivered by the battery of Alcatel Pop 4S in 2G stand-by time and information about models from other brands with the same or similar stand-by time. Battery life, 3G talk time, models from other brands Number of hours delivered by the battery of Alcatel Pop 4S in 3G talk time and details about models from other brands with the same or similar talk time. Battery life, 3G stand-by time, models from other brands Number of hours delivered by the battery of Alcatel Pop 4S in 3G stand-by time and information about models from other brands with the same or similar stand-by time.. 2800 mAh (Li-Polymer) 2820 mAh (Li-Polymer) 2820 mAh (Li-Polymer) 2840 mAh (Li-Ion) 2850 mAh (Li-Polymer) 2910 mAh (Li-Polymer) 2910 mAh (Li-Polymer) 2910 mAh (Li-Ion) 2960 mAh (Li-Ion) 3000 mAh (Li-Polymer) 3000 mAh (Li-Polymer) 3000 mAh (Li-Polymer) 3000 mAh (Li-Polymer) 3000 mAh (Li-Polymer) 3000 mAh (Li-Ion) 3000 mAh (Li-Polymer) 3000 mAh (Li-Polymer). Alcatel OneTouch Pixi 3 (7) 3G. Alcatel OneTouch Pop 3 (5.5) 3G. 16 h (1800 mAh, Li-Ion) 16 h (1800 mAh, Li-Ion) 16 h (1800 mAh, Li-Ion) 17 h (2000 mAh, Li-Polymer) 17 h (2000 mAh, Li-Ion) 18 h (4000 mAh, Li-Polymer) 18 h (2500 mAh, Li-Polymer) 18 h (2500 mAh, Li-Ion) 18 h (2960 mAh, Li-Ion) 19 h (3200 mAh, Li-Ion) 20 h (3100 mAh, Li-Polymer) 20 h (3000 mAh, Li-Polymer) 20 h (2620 mAh, Li-Polymer) 20 h (3400 mAh, Li-Ion) 20 h (1700 mAh, Li-Ion) 20 h (2000 mAh) 20 h (1700 mAh, Li-Ion). 256 h (1000 mAh, Li-Ion) 270 h (1780 mAh, Li-Ion) 280 h (1500 mAh, Li-Ion) 280 h (1400 mAh, Li-Ion) 300 h (3000 mAh, Li-Polymer) 300 h (1450 mAh, Li-Ion) 300 h (3240 mAh, Li-Ion) 300 h (1300 mAh, Li-Ion) 300 h (2960 mAh, Li-Ion) 312 h (2500 mAh, Li-Polymer) 320 h (2000 mAh, Li-Ion) 320 h (2580 mAh, Li-Ion) 336 h (2500 mAh, Li-Polymer) 360 h (2500 mAh, Li-Ion) 380 h (1300 mAh, Li-Ion) 384 h (2800 mAh, Li-Polymer) 396 h (1400 mAh, Li-Ion). 17 h (4000 mAh, Li-Polymer) 17 h (2000 mAh, Li-Polymer) 18 h (4600 mAh, Li-Ion) 18 h (2850 mAh, Li-Polymer) 18 h (2500 mAh, Li-Polymer) 18 h (3400 mAh, Li-Ion) 18 h (2500 mAh, Li-Ion) 18 h (3000 mAh, Li-Ion) 18 h (2960 mAh, Li-Ion) 19 h (3200 mAh, Li-Ion) 20 h (3100 mAh, Li-Polymer) 20 h (2050 mAh, Li-Polymer) 20 h (3000 mAh, Li-Polymer) 20 h (2620 mAh, Li-Polymer) 23 h (3400 mAh, Li-Ion) 26 h (2460 mAh, Li-Polymer) 27 h (4000 mAh, Li-Polymer). Alcatel OneTouch Pop 2 (5) Premium. 280 h (1500 mAh, Li-Ion) 280 h (1500 mAh, Li-Ion) 286 h (1300 mAh, Li-Ion) 300 h (3000 mAh, Li-Polymer) 300 h (1450 mAh, Li-Ion) 300 h (1400 mAh, Li-Ion) 300 h (1300 mAh, Li-Ion) 300 h (1400 mAh, Li-Ion) 300 h (2960 mAh, Li-Ion) 305 h (1800 mAh, Li-Ion) 312 h (2500 mAh, Li-Polymer) 320 h (2580 mAh, Li-Ion) 325 h (1300 mAh, Li-Ion) 325 h (1300 mAh, Li-Ion) 325 h (1300 mAh, Li-Ion) 325 h (1300 mAh, Li-Ion) 325 h (1650 mAh, Li-Ion). 2950 mAh (Li-Ion) 2950 mAh (Li-Polymer) 2950 mAh (Li-Polymer) 2950 mAh (Li-Polymer) 2950 mAh (Li-Polymer) 2955 mAh (Li-Polymer) 2955 mAh (Li-Ion) 2960 mAh (Li-Polymer) 2960 mAh (Li-Ion) 2960 mAh (Li-Polymer) 2970 mAh (Li-Polymer) 2970 mAh (Li-Ion) 2970 mAh (Li-Polymer) 2970 mAh (Li-Polymer) 2970 mAh (Li-Polymer) 2980 mAh (Li-Polymer) 2980 mAh (Li-Polymer). 18 h (2300 mAh, Li-Ion) 18 h (2070 mAh, Li-Ion) 18 h (3500 mAh, Li-Ion) 18 h (2000 mAh, Li-Ion) 18 h (3000 mAh, Li-Ion) 18 h (4200 mAh, Li-Ion) 18 h (4050 mAh, Li-Polymer) 18 h (2100 mAh, Li-Ion) 18 h (2960 mAh, Li-Ion) 18 h (3200 mAh, Li-Polymer) 18 h (3000 mAh, Li-Polymer) 18 h (3150 mAh, Li-Polymer) 18 h (3150 mAh, Li-Polymer) 18 h (3150 mAh, Li-Polymer) 18 h (2800 mAh, Li-Polymer) 18 h (2000 mAh, Li-Polymer) 18 h (1800 mAh, Li-Ion). 300 h (2540 mAh, Li-Ion) 300 h (3000 mAh, Li-Polymer) 300 h (2910 mAh, Li-Ion) 300 h (3200 mAh, Li-Ion) 300 h (3800 mAh, Li-Ion) 300 h (3500 mAh, Li-Ion) 300 h (3000 mAh, Li-Polymer) 300 h (3000 mAh, Li-Ion) 300 h (2960 mAh, Li-Ion) 300 h (1230 mAh, Li-Ion) 300 h (1230 mAh, Li-Ion) 300 h (2800 mAh, Li-Polymer) 300 h (3000 mAh, Li-Polymer) 300 h (2500 mAh, Li-Ion) 300 h (3000 mAh, Li-Polymer) 300 h (2800 mAh, Li-Ion) 300 h (2900 mAh, Li-Polymer). 18 h (2070 mAh, Li-Ion) 18 h (3500 mAh, Li-Ion) 18 h (2000 mAh, Li-Ion) 18 h (3000 mAh, Li-Ion) 18 h (2300 mAh, Li-Polymer) 18 h (4200 mAh, Li-Ion) 18 h (4000 mAh, Li-Polymer) 18 h (4050 mAh, Li-Polymer) 18 h (2960 mAh, Li-Ion) 18 h (2800 mAh, Li-Polymer) 18 h (2500 mAh, Li-Ion) 18 h (4100 mAh, Li-Polymer) 18 h (4100 mAh, Li-Polymer) 18 h (4100 mAh, Li-Polymer) 18 h (4100 mAh, Li-Polymer) 18 h (3000 mAh, Li-Polymer) 18 h (3000 mAh, Li-Ion). Xiaomi Redmi Note 4X High Version. 300 h (3000 mAh, Li-Ion) 300 h (2540 mAh, Li-Ion) 300 h (3000 mAh, Li-Polymer) 300 h (3200 mAh, Li-Ion) 300 h (3800 mAh, Li-Ion) 300 h (3500 mAh, Li-Ion) 300 h (3000 mAh, Li-Polymer) 300 h (2300 mAh, Li-Ion) 300 h (2960 mAh, Li-Ion) 300 h (1230 mAh, Li-Ion) 300 h (1230 mAh, Li-Ion) 300 h (3500 mAh, Li-Polymer) 300 h (2800 mAh, Li-Polymer) 300 h (2300 mAh, Li-Ion) 300 h (1800 mAh, Li-Ion) 300 h (3000 mAh, Li-Polymer) 300 h (2500 mAh, Li-Ion). Dimensions : 76.8 x 152 x 7.99 mm Weight : 145 g SoC : MediaTek Helio P10 (MT6755M) CPU : 4x 1.8 GHz ARM Cortex-A53, 4x 1.0 GHz ARM Cortex-A53, Cores : 8 GPU : ARM Mali-T860 MP2, 550 MHz RAM : 2 GB, 933 MHz Storage : 16 GB Display : 5.5 in, IPS, 1080 x 1920 pixels, 24 bit Battery : 2960 mAh, Li-Ion OS : Android 6.0 Marshmallow Camera : 4160 x 3120 pixels, 1920 x 1080 pixels, 30 fps. The information on this website is provided on "as is, as available basis" without warranty of any kind. DeviceSpecifications is not responsible for any omissions, inaccuracies or other errors in the information it publishes. All warranties with respect to this information are disclaimed. Reproduction of any part of this website in its entirety or partially or in any form or medium without prior written permission is prohibited. The trademarks, marques and logos of the manufacturers of devices, software, hardware, etc. are the property of their respective owners.. 
FREE SHIPPING TO THE UNITED STATES. Skinomi TechSkin™ for Alcatel POP 4s. Home // Shop By Category // Cell Phones // Alcatel Cell Phones // Alcatel POP 4s. Skinomi.com provides Alcatel POP 4s accessories and protective solutions. Our arsenal of protective films offer a durable alternative to bulky Alcatel POP 4s hard cases. These films include Alcatel POP 4s Screen Protectors and Alcatel POP 4s Skin Protectors. TechSkin is the best solution for maximum scratch protection for your device. It is the toughest scratch protection film in the world made of the same material used to protect luxury cars, military aircrafts and NASA space shuttles. TechSkin has the ability to resist some of the highest level of abrasion combined with "self healing" capabilities. This advancement in protection technology will keep your Alcatel POP 4s looking new and stunning. Skinomi prides itself as a provider of top quality products that entail impeccable customer service. We are committed to exceed our customers expectations with our product innovation, fast order processing, and unrivaled support. Through constant research and development, our team is dedicated in bringing you the best Alcatel POP 4s Screen Protector and Alcatel POP 4s Skin Protector in the market.. itemId=sk24466-alcatel-pop-4s-phone-screen-protector|~|priceRange=1|~|color=|~|size=|~|orderable=T|~|call-to-order=|~|call-for-price=|~|hasOptions=F|~|isOrganic=F|~|isNew=F|~|bestseller=|~|name=Alcatel POP 4s TechSkin Screen Protector|~|brand=|~|rating=0|~|ratingCount=0|~|price=9.95|~|priceReg=9.95|~|priceSale=|~|image=https://sep.yimg.com/ay/yhst-38148694942392/alcatel-pop-4s-techskin-screen-protector-42.gif Alcatel POP 4s TechSkin Screen Protector. itemId=sk24467-alcatel-pop-4s-phone-skin-protector|~|priceRange=1|~|color=|~|size=|~|orderable=T|~|call-to-order=|~|call-for-price=|~|hasOptions=F|~|isOrganic=F|~|isNew=F|~|bestseller=|~|name=Alcatel POP 4s TechSkin Full Body Skin Protector|~|brand=|~|rating=0|~|ratingCount=0|~|price=15.95|~|priceReg=15.95|~|priceSale=|~|image=https://sep.yimg.com/ay/yhst-38148694942392/alcatel-pop-4s-techskin-full-body-skin-protector-42.gif Alcatel POP 4s TechSkin Full Body Skin Protector. itemId=sk24468-alcatel-pop-4s-phone-black-carbon-fiber-skin|~|priceRange=1|~|color=|~|size=|~|orderable=T|~|call-to-order=|~|call-for-price=|~|hasOptions=F|~|isOrganic=F|~|isNew=F|~|bestseller=|~|name=Alcatel POP 4s Black Carbon Fiber Skin Protector|~|brand=|~|rating=0|~|ratingCount=0|~|price=15.95|~|priceReg=15.95|~|priceSale=|~|image=https://sep.yimg.com/ay/yhst-38148694942392/alcatel-pop-4s-black-carbon-fiber-skin-protector-42.gif Alcatel POP 4s Black Carbon Fiber Skin Protector. itemId=sk24469-alcatel-pop-4s-phone-silver-carbon-fiber-skin|~|priceRange=1|~|color=|~|size=|~|orderable=T|~|call-to-order=|~|call-for-price=|~|hasOptions=F|~|isOrganic=F|~|isNew=F|~|bestseller=|~|name=Alcatel POP 4s Silver Carbon Fiber Skin Protector|~|brand=|~|rating=0|~|ratingCount=0|~|price=15.95|~|priceReg=15.95|~|priceSale=|~|image=https://sep.yimg.com/ay/yhst-38148694942392/alcatel-pop-4s-silver-carbon-fiber-skin-protector-42.gif Alcatel POP 4s Silver Carbon Fiber Skin Protector. itemId=sk24470-alcatel-pop-4s-phone-gold-carbon-fiber-skin|~|priceRange=1|~|color=|~|size=|~|orderable=T|~|call-to-order=|~|call-for-price=|~|hasOptions=F|~|isOrganic=F|~|isNew=F|~|bestseller=|~|name=Alcatel POP 4s Gold Carbon Fiber Skin Protector|~|brand=|~|rating=0|~|ratingCount=0|~|price=15.95|~|priceReg=15.95|~|priceSale=|~|image=https://sep.yimg.com/ay/yhst-38148694942392/alcatel-pop-4s-gold-carbon-fiber-skin-protector-42.gif Alcatel POP 4s Gold Carbon Fiber Skin Protector. itemId=sk24471-alcatel-pop-4s-phone-pink-carbon-fiber-skin|~|priceRange=1|~|color=|~|size=|~|orderable=T|~|call-to-order=|~|call-for-price=|~|hasOptions=F|~|isOrganic=F|~|isNew=F|~|bestseller=|~|name=Alcatel POP 4s Pink Carbon Fiber Skin Protector|~|brand=|~|rating=0|~|ratingCount=0|~|price=15.95|~|priceReg=15.95|~|priceSale=|~|image=https://sep.yimg.com/ay/yhst-38148694942392/alcatel-pop-4s-pink-carbon-fiber-skin-protector-42.gif Alcatel POP 4s Pink Carbon Fiber Skin Protector. itemId=sk24472-alcatel-pop-4s-phone-dark-wood-skin|~|priceRange=1|~|color=|~|size=|~|orderable=T|~|call-to-order=|~|call-for-price=|~|hasOptions=F|~|isOrganic=F|~|isNew=F|~|bestseller=|~|name=Alcatel POP 4s Dark Wood Skin Protector|~|brand=|~|rating=0|~|ratingCount=0|~|price=15.95|~|priceReg=15.95|~|priceSale=|~|image=https://sep.yimg.com/ay/yhst-38148694942392/alcatel-pop-4s-dark-wood-skin-protector-42.gif Alcatel POP 4s Dark Wood Skin Protector. itemId=sk24473-alcatel-pop-4s-phone-light-wood-skin|~|priceRange=1|~|color=|~|size=|~|orderable=T|~|call-to-order=|~|call-for-price=|~|hasOptions=F|~|isOrganic=F|~|isNew=F|~|bestseller=|~|name=Alcatel POP 4s Light Wood Skin Protector|~|brand=|~|rating=0|~|ratingCount=0|~|price=15.95|~|priceReg=15.95|~|priceSale=|~|image=https://sep.yimg.com/ay/yhst-38148694942392/alcatel-pop-4s-light-wood-skin-protector-42.gif Alcatel POP 4s Light Wood Skin Protector. itemId=sk24474-alcatel-pop-4s-phone-brushed-steel-skin|~|priceRange=1|~|color=|~|size=|~|orderable=T|~|call-to-order=|~|call-for-price=|~|hasOptions=F|~|isOrganic=F|~|isNew=F|~|bestseller=|~|name=Alcatel POP 4s Brushed Steel Skin Protector|~|brand=|~|rating=0|~|ratingCount=0|~|price=15.95|~|priceReg=15.95|~|priceSale=|~|image=https://sep.yimg.com/ay/yhst-38148694942392/alcatel-pop-4s-brushed-steel-skin-protector-42.gif Alcatel POP 4s Brushed Steel Skin Protector. itemId=sk24475-alcatel-pop-4s-phone-brushed-aluminum-skin|~|priceRange=1|~|color=|~|size=|~|orderable=T|~|call-to-order=|~|call-for-price=|~|hasOptions=F|~|isOrganic=F|~|isNew=F|~|bestseller=|~|name=Alcatel POP 4s Brushed Aluminum Skin Protector|~|brand=|~|rating=0|~|ratingCount=0|~|price=15.95|~|priceReg=15.95|~|priceSale=|~|image=https://sep.yimg.com/ay/yhst-38148694942392/alcatel-pop-4s-brushed-aluminum-skin-protector-42.gif Alcatel POP 4s Brushed Aluminum Skin Protector. itemId=sk24466-matte-alcatel-pop-4s-phone-screen-protector|~|priceRange=1|~|color=|~|size=|~|orderable=T|~|call-to-order=|~|call-for-price=|~|hasOptions=F|~|isOrganic=F|~|isNew=F|~|bestseller=|~|name=Alcatel POP 4s MatteSkin Screen Protector|~|brand=|~|rating=0|~|ratingCount=0|~|price=9.95|~|priceReg=9.95|~|priceSale=|~|image=https://sep.yimg.com/ay/yhst-38148694942392/alcatel-pop-4s-matteskin-screen-protector-42.gif Alcatel POP 4s MatteSkin Screen Protector. itemId=sk24467-matte-alcatel-pop-4s-phone-skin-protector|~|priceRange=1|~|color=|~|size=|~|orderable=T|~|call-to-order=|~|call-for-price=|~|hasOptions=F|~|isOrganic=F|~|isNew=F|~|bestseller=|~|name=Alcatel POP 4s MatteSkin Full Body Skin Protector|~|brand=|~|rating=0|~|ratingCount=0|~|price=15.95|~|priceReg=15.95|~|priceSale=|~|image=https://sep.yimg.com/ay/yhst-38148694942392/alcatel-pop-4s-matteskin-full-body-skin-protector-42.gif Alcatel POP 4s MatteSkin Full Body Skin Protector. Our Latest Designs: Nokia Lumia 635/630 , LG G2 Mini , Samsung Gear Live , LG G Watch , Pantech Vybe , Alacatel OneTouch POP 7 , Samsung Galaxy Tab S 10.5 , Samsung Galaxy Tab S 8.4 , OnePlus One , Microsoft Surface Pro 3 , Kyocera Hydro Icon. Cell Phones Tablets & E-Readers MP3 Players Gaming Devices Wrist Watches Digital Cameras GPS Laptops Mice & Keyboards Miscellaneous Devices Carbon Fiber Skins Natural Wood Skins Brushed Metal Skins TECH GLASS iPhone X Google Pixel 2 Google Pixel 2 XL Galaxy S8 Plus (S8+) Galaxy S8 Fire 7 (2017, Kids Edition Compatible) Nintendo Switch ZTE Quartz (SmartWatch) HTC U11 Fitbit Blaze LG G6 Apple iPhone 7 Plus Fitbit Charge 2 Garmin Vivoactive HR iPad Pro 12.9 (2017) Fitbit Alta HR Apple iPad (9.7",2017) Samsung Gear S3 Frontier (SM-R760,46mm) LG V20 Samsung Galaxy S7 Blackberry KEYone BlackBerry DTEK50 Apple Watch 42mm Series 2 Apple Watch Series 2 38mm OnePlus 5 Galaxy J7 (2017, US Version) Moto Z2 Play Samsung Galaxy J5 (2017) Huawei Watch 2 Sport Garmin Fenix 5x. Please Select Acer Aiptek Airo Wireless Altek Amazon Alcatel Apple Archos Arnova Asus Audiovox Barnes And Noble BenQ Siemens BlackBerry Canon Casio Cisco Creative Cricket Danger Hiptop Dell DigiLife D-Link DoCoMo Epson Eten Flip Fujifilm Garmin GE General Mobile Gigabyte Gigaware Glofiish Handspring Hasselblad Helio HP HTC Huawei iFOE i-Mate INQ JVC Kobo Kodak Konica Kyocera Latte Leica Lenovo LG Magellan Microsoft Mio Motorola MSI Nikon Nintendo Nokia O2 Olympus Openmoko Orange Palm Panasonic PanDigital Pantech Pentax Pocket PC Polaroid Qwest Ricoh Samsung Sanyo Saygus Sealife Sharp Siemens SK Telesys Sky Slacker Sony Sony Ericsson Terrestar Toshiba UTStarcom Velocity Micro Vertu Verzo ViewBook ViewSonic Vizio Uncategorized ZTE. Join Our Mailing List & Stay Up-to-Date. Get Exclusive Offers & New Product Updates.. Website design by Solid Cactus. 
Valor is for cell phone accessories WHOLESALE only. TUFF Cosmic Space Candy Skin Covers. Full Coverage Tempered Glass Screen Protectors. 3D Curved Soft Edge Carbon Fiber Tempered Glass Screen Protector. Genuine Leather D'Lux MyJacket Wallets (phone). Anion Car Charger with Air Purifier. Plastic Packaging with built-in Insert Card. Plastic Frames with 3D Jewelry and Crystals. Moto XT1650M (Z Force Droid Edition). Contact Us Frequently. Asked Questions Return Policy RMA Request. per Page 60 per Page 120 per Page 180 per Page 240 per Page 300 per Page. Anion Car Charger with Air Purifier (4). Anion Car Charger with Air Purifier. Duo Heads Connector Data Cable (1). Toggle this switch to include or excluse universal products to update search result.. It may take a short while to refresh, please wait. Anion Car Charger with Air Purifier. Black Pattern/Black Liner MyJacket wallet (with card slot)(84A) -WP. Universal Black MyJacket Wallet (271) (with Package). Universal Black MyJacket Wallet (271) (w.... Universal Black MyJacket Wallet (with Wrist Lanyard) (021) (with Package). Universal Black MyJacket Wallet (with Wr.... Black MyJacket Wallet (281) (No Package). Black MyJacket Wallet (281) (No Package). Universal Black MyJacket Wallet (291) (No Package). Universal Black MyJacket Wallet (291) (N.... Universal Black Crocodile-Embossed Genuine Leather MyJacket Wallet Pouch (PR131) (with Package). Black/Gray Textured Horizontal Pouch Large12 (2907) (NO Package). Horizontal Pouch with Card Slot (M402) -NP. Horizontal Pouch with Card Slot (M402) -.... Vertical Pouch Universal Black Sport Armband (261) (NO Package). Vertical Pouch Universal Black Sport Arm.... Vertical Pouch Universal Hot Pink Sport Armband(262) (NO Package). Vertical Pouch Universal Hot Pink Sport .... Vertical Pouch Universal Baby Blue Sport Armband (263) (NO Package). Vertical Pouch Universal Baby Blue Sport.... Vertical Pouch Universal Pink Sport Armband (264) (NO Package). Vertical Pouch Universal Pink Sport Armb.... Vertical Pouch Universal Light Green Sport Armband (265) (NO Package). Vertical Pouch Universal Light Green Spo.... Vertical Pouch Universal Purple Sport Armband (267) (NO Package). Vertical Pouch Universal Purple Sport Ar.... Vertical Pouch Universal Gray Sport Armband (268) (NO Package). Vertical Pouch Universal Gray Sport Armb.... Vertical Pouch Universal Black Sport Armband (291) -NP. Vertical Pouch Universal Black Sport Arm.... Vertical Pouch Universal Baby Blue Sport Armband (293) -NP. Vertical Pouch Universal Baby Blue Sport.... Vertical Pouch Universal Black/Black Sport Advanced Armband (351) (with Package). Vertical Pouch Universal Hot Pink/Black Sport Advanced Armband (352) (with Package). Vertical Pouch Universal Hot Pink/Black .... Vertical Pouch Universal Green/Black Sport Advanced Armband (353) (with Package). Vertical Pouch Universal Black Sport Armband (with Adjustable Armband)(461) -NP. Vertical Pouch Universal Black Sport Arm.... Vertical Pouch Universal Hot Pink Sport Armband (with Adjustable Armband)(463) -NP. Vertical Pouch Universal Hot Pink Sport .... Vertical Pouch Universal Blue Sport Armband (with Adjustable Armband)(465) -NP. Vertical Pouch Universal Blue Sport Armb.... Black Sports Activity Waist Pack Pocket Belt. Black Sports Activity Waist Pack Pocket .... Hot Pink Sports Activity Waist Pack Pocket Belt. Hot Pink Sports Activity Waist Pack Pock.... Sky Blue Sports Activity Waist Pack Pocket Belt. Sky Blue Sports Activity Waist Pack Pock.... Red Sports Activity Waist Pack Pocket Belt. Red Sports Activity Waist Pack Pocket Be.... Black Sports Activity Waist Pack Pocket Belt. Black Sports Activity Waist Pack Pocket .... Khaki Sports Activity Waist Pack Pocket Belt. Khaki Sports Activity Waist Pack Pocket .... ACU Sports Activity Waist Pack Pocket Belt. ACU Sports Activity Waist Pack Pocket Be.... Jungle camo Sports Activity Waist Pack Pocket Belt. Jungle camo Sports Activity Waist Pack P.... Desert camo Sports Activity Waist Pack Pocket Belt. Desert camo Sports Activity Waist Pack P.... Valor Communication 18071 Arenth Ave., City of Industry, CA 91748 (877) 369-2088 Toll Free (626) 581-8085 Office (626) 581-3775 Fax. Get exclusive offers, and be the first to hear about our new products and more!. Customer Service Contact Us Frequently Asked Questions Return Policy RMA Request. About Valor About Us Career Opportunities Legal. Terms of Use Privacy Policy. All other trademarks not owned by. that appear on this site are the property of their respective owners.. 
Categories Trending News en de es it pl tr fr br ru id nl da sv. Alcatel Pop 4S: 92 facts and highlights. Meizu Pro 7 Plus 64GB: 10 x 2.6GHz. Sony Xperia Z5 Premium Dual: 806ppi. The bigger the screen size is, the better the user experience.. Nokia 808 Pureview: 16 & 13MP. Sony Xperia XZ Premium: 2160 x 3840px. Blu Vivo X: 20 & 8MP. The device has a standard memory slot (such as an SD or micro SD card slot) so that you can either extend the internal storage with affordable memory modules or you can retrieve data, such as photographs, easily from a memory card.. The device has a display with three full subpixels per pixel, resulting in a sharp and crisp picture. Pixels in some displays (like AMOLED) share one subpixel to preserve space. This can result in a less crisp, slightly blurred image.. The battery is removable and can be replaced by the user if broken.. It can transfer files, music, photos via USB, no need to install additional software.. It works as an FM radio with included headsets. Allows you to view in ultra-high definition.. Alcatel Pop 4S (Android 6.0 Marshmallow). Apple iPhone X 64GB: 2160 x 60fps. IPS (In-Plane Switching) is a technology used for LCDs. It was designed to overcome the main limitations of normal TFTs TN-matrices: relatively slow response times, small viewing angles and low quality color reproduction.. NFC (near field communication) allows a device to perform simple wireless transactions.. A dual-tone flash has LED lights with different color temperatures, delivering a better color balance to photos and videos.. With a wider aperture the sensor can capture more light, helping to avoid blur by enabling a faster shutter speed. It also provides a shallow depth of field, allowing you to blur the background to focus attention on the subject.. The device has a fingerprint scanner which identifies the user.. Samsung Galaxy Note 8 (Qualcomm Snapdragon 835) 256GB. Samsung Galaxy S7 edge (Exynos 8890 Octa). Samsung Galaxy Note 8 (Qualcomm Snapdragon 835) 256GB. Samsung Galaxy S7 edge (Exynos 8890 Octa). This page is currently only available in English.. Imprint Privacy Policy Jobs Terms and Conditions. Versus.com is a data-driven comparison platform where you can compare anything, from cars to smartphones or cities. Versus currently comprises 7 million product comparisons and covers the latest technology news.. 
News Review Phones Xiaomi Huawei Meizu nubia OnePlus OPPO vivo ZTE All Giveaway Deals Shop Forums. Brand: Alcatel Category: Mobiles. Processor Octa-core Mediatek MT6755M. Camera 13 MP + 5 MP. Operating System Android 6.0 (Marshmallow). The overall rating is based on review by our editors. 0.0 0.0 1. Design 5 / 10. Display 6 / 10. Camera 5 / 10. Features 5 / 10. Connectivity 6 / 10. Usability 6 / 10. Performance 5 / 10. Battery 6 / 10. Type Design Type called form factor refers to a mobile phone's size, shape, and style as well as the layout and position of major components of phone. There are three major form factors seen in mobile phones => bar phones, folding phones and sliding phones.. 152 x 77 x 7.9 mm. Display Type Display Technology => A number of display technologies and types used in mobile phones => TFT (Thin Film Transistor), IPS (In-Place Switching), OLED (Organic Light Emitting Diode), AMOLED (Active-Matrix Organic Light-Emitting Diode), Super AMOLED (an even advanced version of AMOLED), Resistive Touchscreen (Resistive touchscreens contain two layer of conductive material with a very small gap between them which acts as a resistance), Capacitive Touchsceen (Capacitive touchscreen technology consists of a layer of glass coated with a transparent conductor). Display Colors Display Colors is refers to the number of different shades of colors that the screen is capable of displaying => 64K colors, 256K colors and 16 million colors, Obviously 16M is highest available range of colors and better than others.. Pixel Density Pixel Density (PPI) is refers to the concentration of pixels on a particular display, measured in pixels per inch (ppi). Pixel density is calculated by dividing the diagonal pixel resolution of a display by its diagonal size, higher pixel density better display quality.. RAM (Memory) RAM (Random Access Memory) is a type of computer memory that can be accessed randomly, any byte of memory can be accessed without touching the preceding bytes that allows information to be stored and accessed quickly from random locations. RAM is the most common type of memory found in computer systems, smartphones, tablets and other electronic devices.. Internal Storage Internal Storage is a data storage space (flash memory) mostly used in smartphones, tablets and other electronic devices where operating system, apps, music, photos, videos, files and other user data Is stored.. Memory Card Slot Memory Card Slot is a special slot for inserting a memory card. Memory cards allow you to expand the phone's built-in memory, A memory card (sometimes called a flash memory card or a storage card) is a small storage medium used to store data such as text, pictures, audio, and video, for use on small, portable or remote computing devices such as mobile phones, mp3 players, digital cameras.. Sensors Sensors are electronic components that detects and responds to some type of input from the physical environment. The specific input could be light, heat, motion, moisture, pressure and location, The output is generally a signal that is converted to use in computing systems, a location sensor, such as a GPS receiver is able to detect current location of your electronic device.. Fingerprint (front-mounted), accelerometer, proximity/ gyro, compass (optional). Operating System OS => Every computer system run on a base software called Operating System (OS). Operating System controls all basic operations of the computer (such as smartphone, PDAs, tablet computers and other handheld devices). The Operating System allows the user to install and run third party applications (apps), apps are used to add new functionality to the device.. Rear Camera Camera is able to capture photographs and usually videos, The most important characteristics of a camera are the resolution (measured in megapixels), lens focus type (fixed or automatic), higher megapixel cameras are known to capture higher quality photos, but not always a good measurement of the photos quality.. Flash Flash Light => There is commonly two types of flash lights are used in camera mobile phones, LED Flash (LED flash offers lower power consumption with drive circuitry that takes up very little room, LEDs can be strobed faster than any other light source), Xenon Flash (xenon flash produces an extremely intense full-spectrum white light for a very short duration). SIM SIM (Subscriber Identity Module) is a small card that contains mobile network subscriber's account information. This allows the phone using the card to attach to a mobile network. The SIM card is most commonly associated with GSM and UMTS mobile networks. Moving a SIM card from one phone to another allows a subscriber to switch mobile phones without having to contact their mobile network carrier. SIM cards can also be used by a phone to store limited amounts of data, such as phone numbers and text messages.. Wi-fi Wi-Fi is a popular wireless networking technology using radio waves to provide high-speed network connections that allows devices to communicate without cords or cables, Wi-Fi is increasingly becoming the preferred mode of internet connectivity all over the world.. GPS GPS The Global Positioning System is a satellite-based radio navigation system, GPS permits users to determine their position, velocity and the time 24 hours a day, in all weather, anywhere in the world, In order to locate your position, your device or GPS receiver must have a clear view of the sky.. NFC NFC (Near field communication) is a set of standards for smartphones and similar devices to establish peer-to-peer radio communications with each other by touching them together or bringing them into proximity, usually no more than a few inches.. HSPA 42.2/5.76 Mbps, LTE Cat4 150/50 Mbps or LTE Cat6 300/50 Mbps. Alcatel Pop 4S - REVIEWS Be the first to add a Review Your Name * Your Email * Review Title * Review Text * Rate this Product Design: What do you feel about Design and build quality of this device? Display: Screen size, image quality (brightness, colors, contrast, etc), visibility in sun light, angles of view and touchscreen. Camera: Usability of Camera interface, image and video quality in different light conditions and environment. Features: What do you feel about the features of this device, is these enough for you in everyday life? Connectivity: Bluetooth, Wi-fi connectivity, data trnasfer speed, internet browsing and interfaces. Usability: What do you feel about usability and speed of UI (user interface), messaging, calling, contacts management, call history, notifications and internet browsing? Performance: Is this device perform good while watching videos, playing games, taking snapshots, browsing internet and navigate through other applications? Battery: What about battery life, while calling, listening music, watching videos, playing games and doing other tasks. Average Rating 6 / 10 based on your selection. Please post a user review only if you have / had this product.. Alcatel U5 0 Reviews View specs →. Alcatel A5 LED 0 Reviews View specs →. Alcatel 3C 0 Reviews View specs →. Alcatel POP 7 LTE 0 Reviews View specs →. Alcatel Pop 3 (5.5) 0 Reviews View specs →. Alcatel A3 0 Reviews View specs →. New Arrivals LG X300 LG X Power 2 ZTE Tempo Go ZTE Blade V9 Vita (Rumored) Nokia 8 Sirocco (Rumored) Samsung Galaxy S9 Exynos (Rumored). News Review Phones Giveaway Deals Shop Forums. 
GSM 850 / 900 / 1800 / 1900 - SIM 1 & SIM 2 (dual-SIM model only). HSDPA 850 / 900 / 1900 / 2100. HSDPA 850 / 900 / 1700(AWS) / 1900 / 2100 - 5056M. HSPA 42.2/5.76 Mbps, LTE Cat4 150/50 Mbps. 151 x 77 x 8 mm (5.94 x 3.03 x 0.31 in). Single SIM (Micro-SIM) or Dual SIM (Micro-SIM, dual stand-by). IPS LCD capacitive touchscreen, 16M colors. 5.5 inches, 83.4 cm 2 (~71.7% screen-to-body ratio). 720 x 1280 pixels, 16:9 ratio (~267 ppi density). microSD, up to 32 GB (dedicated slot). 8 MP, f/2.0, autofocus, LED flash. Wi-Fi 802.11 b/g/n, Wi-Fi Direct, hotspot. SMS(threaded view), MMS, Email, Push Email, IM. Up to 525 h (2G) / Up to 500 h (3G). Up to 18 h (2G) / Up to 15 h (3G). We can not guarantee that the information on this page is 100% correct. alcatel Pop 4+ - user opinions and reviews. I bought it as a cheapie to mount semi-permanently in my car. It is used mainly as a music source via DAC and for GPS/SatNav duties. It has proven capable and reliable in this setting. I have also used it as a regular mobile for short periods, .... Bought it about end of 2016 and within 4 months the screen started drawing lines. It never fell down or got wet. Not a phone to recommend from my personal experience..... i have found using the default file manager kills the battery if you give it permission only way i have found DONT Use it just install another file manager doing a factory reset will fix it. as well you get spammed with adds pretty crap for a default.... Samsung Apple Nokia Sony LG HTC Motorola Huawei Microsoft Lenovo Xiaomi Google Acer Asus Oppo OnePlus Meizu BlackBerry Alcatel ZTE Toshiba Vodafone Energizer XOLO Lava Micromax BLU Gionee vivo LeEco Panasonic HP YU verykool Maxwest Plum. Idol 4 and 4s, Plus 10, POP4, POP4+, and POP4S. alcatel Pop 4 alcatel Pixi 4 (6) alcatel A3 alcatel Pop 4S alcatel A3 XL Huawei Y5 (2017). alcatel 3x alcatel 3 alcatel 1x alcatel 5 alcatel 3v alcatel Pixi 4 (5). 
Nuevos Alcatel Pop 4, toda la información de la nueva gama de entrada de Alcatel. Recibe un email al día con nuestros artículos:. Compartir Nuevos Alcatel Pop 4, toda la información de la nueva gama de entrada de Alcatel. Actualización [15/04/16]: Alcatel informa que el Pop 4 y Pop 4+ llegarán a España a finales del próximo mes de mayo por un precio recomendado de 129€ y 149€ respectivamente. El Alcatel Pop 4S saldrá a la venta mucho más tarde, a partir de septiembre.. Los nuevos Idol 4 e Idol 4S no son las únicas novedades de Alcatel para este MWC 2016 que abre sus puertas hoy lunes, su popular serie Alcatel Pop también se renueva con el lanzamiento de tres nuevos dispositivos de gama de entrada .. Para este 2016 el fabricante Alcatel - propiedad de la multinacional china TCL Corporation - lanzará los nuevos Pop 4, Pop 4+ y Pop 4S a lo largo de este año para volver a conquistar al público más joven que quiere tener por muy poco dinero un smartphone.. Comenzamos por el Alcatel Pop 4 , su móvil de entrada más básico. Cuenta con una pantalla de 5 pulgadas HD IPS (1280 x 720), procesador de cuatro núcleos Snapdragon 210 a 1,1 GHz, 1 GB de RAM y 8 GB de memoria interna expandible con tarjeta microSD de hasta 32 GB.. Su cámara trasera es de 8 megapíxeles con flash con grabación HD y su cámara frontal de 5 megapíxeles gran angular (84,4°) con flash frontal. Cuenta con conectividad 4G LTE Cat 4, WiFi N, Bluetooth 4.0, GPS, giroscopio, radio FM y una batería de 2.500 mAh. Sus medidas son de 140.7 x 71.4 x 7.99 mm.. El Alcatel Pop 4+ es el modelo phablet del Pop 4 en el que comparte la mayoría de sus especificaciones. Las diferencias las encontramos en su pantalla de 5,5 pulgadas también HD, en sus 1,5 GB de RAM, 16 GB de memoria interna ampliable y en sus dimensiones de 151 x 77 x 7.99 mm.. El Alcatel Pop 4S mejora las características del Pop 4+ para dar un salto en calidad de pantalla, potencia y funcionalidades. El Alcatel Pop 4S pasa a montar una pantalla de 5,5 pulgadas FHD IPS (1920 x 1080), procesador de ocho núcleos MediaTek MT6755M (4 x 1,8 GHz + 4 x 1,0 GHz), 2 GB de RAM y 16 GB de memoria interna ampiables con tarjetas microSD de hasta 64 GB.. Sus cámaras pasan a ser de 13 megapíxeles con doble flash LED, enfoque rápido (0,3s) con un sensor de 1/3.06, apertura de f/2.0 y grabación de vídeo Full HD, y para la frontal de 5 megapíxeles con flash frontal y gran angular (84.4°).. Cuenta con 4G LTE Cat 6, WiFi N, Bluetooth 4.2, GPS, lector de huellas , carga rápida, radio FM y una batería de 2.960 mAh. Sus dimensiones son de 152 x 76.8 x 7.99 mm.. La nueva serie Alcatel Pop 4 saldrá al mercado con Android 6.0 Marshmallow. El Alcatel Pop 4 y Pop 4+ llegarán a España a finales del próximo mes de mayo por un precio recomendado de 129€ y 149€ respectivamente. El Alcatel Pop 4S saldrá a la venta mucho más tarde, a partir de septiembre.. Compartir Nuevos Alcatel Pop 4, toda la información de la nueva gama de entrada de Alcatel. Móviles Android Tablets Aplicaciones Android Tutoriales Foto y vídeo Juegos Android Samsung Filtraciones Ofertas Cazando gangas Android 8.0 Oreo MWC 2018. Recibe un email al día con los artículos de Xataka Android:. Xataka Android Respuestas Xataka. Xataka Xataka Móvil Genbeta Vidaextra Applesfera Genbeta Dev. Móviles, tablets, aplicaciones, videojuegos, fotografía, domótica... Xataka Xataka Móvil Xataka Foto Xataka Android Xataka Smart Home Xataka Windows Xataka Ciencia Applesfera Vida Extra Genbeta Genbeta Dev Magnet Compradiccion Xataka eSports. Moda, belleza, estilo, salud, fitness, familia, gastronomía, decoración, famosos... Trendencias Trendencias Belleza Trendencias Hombre Directo al Paladar Bebés y Más Vitónica Decoesfera. Coches, competición, motos, vehículos eléctricos, híbridos... Televisión, series, cine, estrenos, viajes, literatura... Finanzas, mundo de la empresa, autónomos, fiscalidad, administración, recursos humanos... El Blog Salmón Pymes y Autónomos. Xataka México Motorpasión México Directo Al Paladar México. Publicaciones para otras marcas y partners... Circula Seguro Circula Seguro PT Nobbot Happing Magazine Sage Experience Optimismo Digital En Naranja Bloggin Zenith Tecnología de tú a tú Mi Mundo Philips Blog Lenovo Muy Saludable de Sanitas Zona Coca-Cola Bluemagazine Seguros de tú a tú Corriente Eléctrica eSports Unlocked by Orange Cervezas Alhambra Mahou Rentabilibar Inget by acer. Un paseo por el stand de Android en el MWC 2018: Google Assistant, Lens, helados de Oreo y más. Ulefone T2 Pro y Ulefone X: nuevo gama media chino con chip MediaTek Helio 70 y pantalla a lo iPhone X. Xperia XZ2, comparativa: así queda frente a la gama alta Android. Sony Xperia XZ2 y XZ2 Compact, primeras impresiones: buenos cambios, tiempos difíciles. Del Galaxy S6 al Galaxy S9: así ha evolucionado la gama alta de Samsung en los últimos años. Samsung Galaxy S9 y S9+, primeras impresiones: ‘plus’ ya no sólo significa más grande, también significa mejor. ZTE Blade V9: un gama media con pantalla 18:9, cuerpo de cristal y reconocimiento facial. Nokia 7 Plus, comparativa: así queda frente a la gama media más premium. Nokia 7+, nuevo Nokia 6, Nokia 1 y Nokia 8 Sirocco: así queda el catálogo finlandés en 2018. Huawei MediaPad M5, la renovación de su tablet más potente ahora en dos tamaños. Huawei MediaPad M5, primeras impresiones: tablet con precio de gama media y aspiraciones de gama alta. Alcatel Series 5, toma de contacto: reconocimiento facial y diseño asimétrico para diferenciarse en la gama media. en Xataka Nueve apps esenciales para madres y padres primerizos. LG V30S ThinQ vs LG V30: éstas son todas sus diferencias. Alcatel 1X: el primer smartphone Android Go llega con Oreo y pantalla 18:9 por 100 euros. Xiaomi abre su tienda en Barcelona: un catálogo enorme que se amplía con los Redmi 5, 5 Plus, Mi TV y nuevos accesorios. "Si saltas muy rápido, la caída puede ser también rápida", Michael Pan, CEO de Honor Europa sobre Xiaomi. NOKIA 8110 4G BANANA, de nuevo RETRONOSTALGIA ahora con 4G. SONY XPERIA XZ2: LO HEMOS PROBADO. Un CAMBIO de DISEÑO muy esperado. Samsung Galaxy S9 y S9+: LOS HEMOS PROBADO. Móviles Android Tablets Aplicaciones Android Tutoriales Foto y vídeo Juegos Android Samsung Filtraciones Ofertas Cazando gangas Android 8.0 Oreo MWC 2018. Xataka Xataka Móvil Xataka Foto Xataka Android Xataka Smart Home Xataka Windows Xataka Ciencia Applesfera Vida Extra Genbeta Genbeta Dev Magnet Compradiccion Xataka eSports. Trendencias Trendencias Belleza Trendencias Hombre Directo al Paladar Bebés y Más Vitónica Decoesfera. El Blog Salmón Pymes y Autónomos. Nobbot Tecnología de tú a tú Blog Lenovo eSports Unlocked by Orange Inget by acer. Mi Mundo Philips Muy Saludable de Sanitas Coca-Cola Journey España Coca-Cola Journey México Coca-Cola Journey Portugal Zona Coca-Cola Cervezas Alhambra Mahou Rentabilibar. Circula Seguro Circula Seguro PT Corriente Eléctrica. En Naranja Sage Experience Bloggin Zenith Seguros de tú a tú. 
Slim bodies and fully laminated black crystal displays. Reader comments Load old comments. Alcatel POP 4, POP 4+ and POP 4S Bring Android 6.0 Marshmallow to the Masses. Alcatel POP 4 series (7 Images). Decent specs for entry-level and mid-range segment. Alcatel is going for the affordable segment of the market with three new devices announced at Mobile World Congress 2016: POP 4, POP 4+ and POP 4S.. All three are said to feature “slim body and fully laminated black crystal,” but the most interesting thing about them is that they bring some nifty features to the masses.. First of all, they will ship with Android 6.0 Marshmallow operating system right out of the box. Sadly, Alcatel hasn't yet confirmed when exactly these smartphones will hit shelves and for how much.. Until more details on pricing and availability are shared, let's take a look at what these devices have to offer regarding specs.. Alcatel POP 4 comes with a standard 5-inch HD (720p) display on the outside while on in the inside there's a 1.1GHz quad-core Qualcomm Snapdragon 210 processor, 1GB of RAM and 8GB of storage that can be expanded up to 32GB via microSD card slot.. At the back, the phone packs an 8-megapixel photo snapper with LED flash, whereas in the front there's a secondary LED-assisted 5-megapixel selfie camera. The phone is powered by a 2,500 mAh battery and includes LTE support.. Next in line, the POP 4+ sports a slightly larger 5.5-inch capacitive touchscreen display that supports the same HD (720p) resolution. However, the smartphone comes equipped with a 1.1GHz quad-core Qualcomm Snapdragon 210 processor and 1.5GB RAM.. It also includes 16GB of storage expandable up to 32GB via microSD card slot. The same 8-megapixel camera is featured on the back, along with a secondary 5-megapixel camera in the front with LED flash.. The POP 4+ is powered by a similar 2,500 mAh battery and includes 4G LTE support as well. As many of you have probably noticed, it's got the same specs of the Alcatel POP, but in a larger body.. The last of the trio of affordable smartphones, Alcatel POP 4S has a 5.5-inch display with full HD (1080p) resolution. It comes with a much better 13-megapixel rear-facing camera with phase detection autofocus, dual-tone LED flash and f/2.0 aperture.. There's also a secondary 5-megapixel selfie snapper in the front. On the inside, the POP 4S packs a 1.8GHz octa-core MediaTek Helio P10 processor, coupled with 2GB of RAM and 16GB of internal memory, which can be expanded up to 64GB via microSD card slot.. Unlike the other two Alcatel smartphones , the POP 4S embeds a fingerprint scanner and a larger 2,960 mAh battery with quick charging technology. It also supports faster LTE Cat.6 speeds.. # MWC 2016 # Alcatel POP 4 # Alcatel IDOL 4 # Alcatel POP 4S # Alcatel OneTouch. Alcatel Announces IDOL 4 and IDOL 4S High-End Phones, Drops OneTouch Logo. Alcatel OneTouch Idol Pro 4 with Windows 10 Mobile Could Be Unveiled at MWC 2016. Alcatel OneTouch Fierce XL with Windows 10 Mobile Lands at T-Mobile USA. Alcatel OneTouch Fierce XL with Windows 10 Mobile Coming on February 10. Huawei’s New Matebook X Pro Makes Apple’s MacBook Looks So Old. Windows Phones Show Up on Microsoft’s Website Out of Nowhere. Samsung’s Attempt to Make Fun of iPhone X Gets Zero Laughs. Full Windows 10 (ARM) Finally Up and Running on Windows Phone. The Year of Notch: Huawei P20 to Copy Controversial iPhone X Feature. Apple Drops Windows XP Support for iTunes Store. Lenovo Unveils Yoga 730, Yoga 530 Windows 10 Convertibles. Nokia Launches Nokia 8 Sirocco, Android One Phone with iPhone X Price Tag. CellMapper APK: Updated February 26th, 08:24 GMT. PlayMemories Mobile APK: Updated February 26th, 08:14 GMT. Lyft Driver APK: Updated February 26th, 08:04 GMT. PEN.UP APK: Updated February 26th, 07:58 GMT. Boomerang TV APK: Updated February 26th, 07:56 GMT. BlackBerry Hub+ Services APK: Updated February 26th, 07:54 GMT. MileIQ APK: Updated February 26th, 07:49 GMT. Google Will Add 30 New Languages to Google Assistant, Deeper Phone Integration. Softpedia® and the Softpedia® logo are registered trademarks of SoftNews NET SRL. 
