more ... more .... more ... more .... MEMORY: 8 GB + MicroSD. Too little RAM memory (1 GB RAM). Low pixel density screen (233 ppi). The Alcatel Pixi 4 (4) features 4-inch WVGA display, 1.3GHz quad-core processor, 1GB of RAM and 8 gigs of internal expandable memory. There is 5 megapixel camera on the back, as well as 2 megapixel front shooter. The phone is powered by 1500mAh battery and runs Android 6.0 Marshmallow.. Dimensions: 4.78 x 2.54 x 0.38 inches (121.3 x 64.4 x 9.7 mm). Colors: Black, Gold, Gray, Pink, Orange, Yellow, Green, Blue, Red, White. Resolution: 480 x 800 pixels. Features: Ambient light sensor, Proximity sensor. Pixel density - The pixel density of a display represents the number of pixels over an area of one inch. It’s measured in “pixels per inch”, or ppi. The higher the number, the more detailed and good-looking the display is.. Technology - There are two main screen technologies currently used in phones and tablets: LCD and AMOLED. The former usually features a light source and liquid crystals, while the latter is based on organic light-emitting diodes. Newer LCD variations like IPS-LCD and Super-LCD allow for very accurate color reproduction and very wide viewing angles, where no significant image quality loss is observed. Current AMOLED screens differ in such a way that they can exhibit much more saturated colors (sometimes too much) and incredibly high contrast levels, which is due to black color being completely black in AMOLED displays.. Screen-to-body ratio - Shows what part of the frontal area of a phone its screen occupies.. Software Features: Digital zoom, Geo tagging. Shooting Modes: High Dynamic Range mode (HDR), Panorama. System chip - Most modern handsets use an advanced chip that includes many of the device’s hardware modules like the processor, Wi-Fi, Bluetooth and sometimes even the wireless radio. This field shows what particular system chip (or System-on-a-Chip) is used in the phone.. Processor - The processor is the main computing component of a phone and is a major factor when it comes to the overall speed of the device. Some more powerful smartphones use dual-core and quad-core processors designed to deliver greater performance.. Graphics processor - The graphics processor is important for the smooth operation of the system and especially in games and other applications that may involve complex graphics and animations.. System memory - System memory, or RAM memory is the type of memory that the device uses to temporarily store data from the OS or currently-running apps. The more RAM available to the device, the better the performance will be when multiple or heavier programs are running.. Built-in storage - Bigger storage capacity allows you to keep more content saved onto your device, such as more applications, photos or video. Games and video content typically take up the biggest amount of storage space.. Storage expansion - Some handsets allow you to expand their storage capacity by using a memory expansion card – most often microSD. Expansion memory is mostly suitable for media storage, such as photo, video or music content.. Talk time: 10.00 hours the average is 20 h (1229 min). Stand-by time: 21.7 days (520 hours) the average is 21 days (502 h). Talk time (3G): 7.40 hours the average is 19 h (1147 min). Stand-by time (3G): 20.8 days (500 hours) the average is 25 days (590 h). Capacity - The bigger, the better! However, battery capacity is not the only factor that has an effect on battery life. Those include the chipset in use, the software running on the device, as well as the consumer's unique usage pattern.. Filter by: Album, Artist, Genre, Playlists. Features: Album art cover, Background playback. Cellular GSM: 850, 900, 1800, 1900 MHz. UMTS: 850, 900, 1900, 2100 MHz. Data: HSDPA+ (4G) 21.1 Mbit/s, HSUPA 5.76 Mbit/s. Notifications: Haptic feedback, Music ringtones (MP3), Polyphonic ringtones, Vibration, Flight mode, Silent mode, Speakerphone. Other features: Voice dialing, Voice commands, Voice recording. Features: Mass storage device, USB charging. Other: Tethering, Computer sync, OTA sync. Positioning - This field shows the positioning systems supported by the device. The most common types are GPS and A-GPS.. GPS - This is one of the most widespread global positioning technologies, developed and maintained by the U.S. It uses satellites in order to detect your location. A-GPS - A-GPS stands for Assisted GPS and is the industry standard for positioning and navigation. “Assisted” means that it can use local wireless networks, in addition to satellites, for quicker and more precise localization.. Availability Officially announced: 04 Jan 2016. To see the full specifications with in-depth details click here.. We list only the specs that are different than the main variant. System memory - System memory, or RAM memory is the type of memory that the device uses to temporarily store data from the OS or currently-running apps. The more RAM available to the device, the better the performance will be when multiple or heavier programs are running.. Built-in storage - Bigger storage capacity allows you to keep more content saved onto your device, such as more applications, photos or video. Games and video content typically take up the biggest amount of storage space.. Despite our efforts to provide full and correct Alcatel Pixi 4 (4) specifications, there is always a possibility of making a mistake. If you see any wrong or incomplete data, please LET US KNOW .. If you are interested in using our specs commercially, check out our Phone specs database licensing page.. Gear S4 may come with a blood pressure monitor, Samsung patent reveals. Google Pay launches today, but its most important feature is not here yet. Galaxy S9 and S9+ previewed in glorious detail with full specs and release date. Galaxy S9 and S9+ price and release date on Verizon, AT&T, T-Mobile and Best Buy. The Samsung Galaxy S9 and S9+ have game-changing cameras with variable aperture and 960fps slow-mo video recording. The Big Barcelona Camera Comparison: iPhone X vs Pixel 2 XL vs Note 8. Samsung Galaxy S9 and S9+ rumor review: Specs, design, features, price and release date. Sony presents Xperia XZ2 and XZ2 Compact: new design and Snapdragon 845. Galaxy S9 Exynos edition gets benchmarked against rivals!. Galaxy S9 first camera comparison vs iPhone X, V30, S8. Samsung Galaxy S9 & S9+ hands-on. MWC 2018: top smartphones to expect. Best smartphone you can buy in 2018. Allo is a quality app, but Google isn't giving it a real chance. All content (phone reviews, news, specs, info), design and layouts are Copyright 2001-2018 phoneArena.com. Reproduction in whole or in part or in any form or medium without written permission is prohibited! Privacy. 
Select the department you want to search in. Sign in Account & Lists Sign in Account & Lists Orders Try Prime Cart. Your Amazon.com Today's Deals Gift Cards Registry Sell Help Disability Customer Support. 1-16 of over 1,000 results for "Alcatel Pixi 4 (4)". Smoke Silicone TPU Case for Alcatel Pixi 4 (6" LTE / 4G Version) by Cbus Wireless. Product Features Fits the Alcatel Pixi 4 (6-inch) LTE / 4G device only.. Alcatel Pixi 4 6-Inch LTE Unlocked Smartphone with 1 GB RAM, 8 GB ROM, U.S. $94.95 (6 used &amp new offers). 6-inch IPS display, the Alcatel Pixy 4 (6”) LTE brightens your life .... New Touch Screen Digitizer Glass Replacement For Alcatel One Touch Pixi 4 (6) OT-8050 8050G 8050D Black US. Only 5 left in stock - order soon.. Product Features Special For Alcatel One Touch Pixi 4 (6) OT-8050 8050G 8050D Black. [3-PACK]- Mr Shield For Alcatel Pixi 4 (6" 6.0 Inch) LTE 4G 3G [Tempered Glass] Screen Protector [0.3mm Ultra Thin 9H Hardness 2.5D Round Edge] with Lifetime Replacement Warranty. Only 9 left in stock - order soon.. Screen Protector compatible with Alcatel Pixi 4 (6" 6.0 Inch) LTE 4G 3G .... [2-Pack] Supershieldz for Alcatel Pixi 4 (6") LTE (5098S) Tempered Glass Screen Protector, Anti-Scratch, Anti-Fingerprint, Bubble Free, Lifetime Replacement Warranty. Alcatel Pixi 4 6 inch 4G LTE/ Pixi Theatre Case, NEXTKIN PU Leather Dual Wallet Folio TPU Cover, 2 Large inner Pockets Double flap Privacy, 9 Card Slots Holder Snap Button & Wrist Strap - Purple. Compatible with Alcatel Pixi 4 6 inch 4G LTE/ Pixi Theatre .... Alcatel Pixi 4 6 inch 4G LTE Case, [Invisible Armor] Transluscent, Anti Slip Matte Finish, Drop Protection TPU Rubber Bumper Case/ Back Cover. Alcatel Pixi 4 5(4G) Case,Skmy [High Definition Clear Screen Protector] Shockproof Impact Protection Tough Rugged Dual Layer Protective Case Cover with Kickstand for Alcatel Pixi 4 5"(4G) Black). Only 17 left in stock - order soon.. only Prefect design for Alcatel Pixi 4 (5 inch) 4G 5045I ,NOT fit for .... Alcatel PIXI 4 (6") LTE case,KuGi Alcatel PIXI 4 (6") LTE case ultra-thin MX style PU Cover + TPU Back Wallet stand Case For Alcatel PIXI 4 (6") LTE smartphone(Black). Only 6 left in stock - order soon.. Exlusive design for Alcatel PIXI 4 (6") LTE smartphone,only fit for .... Alcatel Pixi 4 6 inch (3G Version) Case, Skmy Soft TPU Case Crystal Transparent Slim Anti Slip Case Back Protector Cover Shockproof (matee black). Only 15 left in stock - order soon.. ONLY ONLY perfect for Alcatel Pixi 4 6.0 inch (3G Version) ,NOT NOT 6. Alcatel 5017O-2AWZUS1-R OneTouch Pixi 3 4GB - Black. Only 2 left in stock - order soon.. to your busy lifestyle with the Alcatel onetouch Pixi 3 Smartphone. Alcatel Pixi Bond / Pixi Avion / Ideal 4G LTE / Dawn / Streak / Acquire Case, SOGA [Smart Defender Series] Shockproof Slim Hybrid Grid Armor Case - Black Teal / Black. Only 8 left in stock - order soon.. Alcatel Ideal 4G LTE / Alcatel Pixi Avion 4G LTE / Alcatel Pixi Bond. Alcatel PIXI 4 6.0 inches(3G) Case, Customerfirst - Heavy Duty Hybrid Armor Dual Layer Kickstand Belt Clip Holster Combo Rugged Case for Alcatel PIXI 4 6.0 inches(3G) + Free Keychain (Simple Black). This case is fit for Alcatel One Touch Pixi 4 6.0 inch (3G) OT-8050D .... [5-PACK] Mr Shield For Alcatel Pixi 4 (6" 6.0 Inch) LTE 4G 3G Anti-glare [Matte] Screen Protector with Lifetime Replacement Warranty. Only 6 left in stock - order soon.. Matte) Screen Protector fit for Alcatel Pixi 4 (6" 6.0 Inch) LTE 4G 3G .... Alcatel Pixi 4 6 inch (3G Version) Case, Skmy Soft TPU Case Crystal Transparent Slim Anti Slip Case Back Protector Cover Shockproof (matte clear). Only 17 left in stock - order soon.. ONLY ONLY perfect for Alcatel Pixi 4 6.0 inch (3G Version) ,NOT NOT 6. Alcatel Pixi 4 6 inch 4G LTE/ Pixi Theatre Case, FINCIBO Flexible TPU Silicone Soft Gel Skin Protector Cover Case, Black. Only 1 left in stock - order soon.. made specifically for: Alcatel Pixi 4 6 inch 4G LTE/ Pixi Theatre .... All customers get FREE Shipping on orders over $25 shipped by Amazon. Cell Phone Cases, Holsters & Clips. 4 Stars & Up & Up. 3 Stars & Up & Up. 2 Stars & Up & Up. 1 Star & Up & Up. There's a problem loading this menu right now.. Get fast, free shipping with Amazon Prime. Prime members enjoy FREE Two-Day Shipping and exclusive access to music, movies, TV shows, original audio series, and Kindle books.. Careers About Amazon Investor Relations Amazon Devices. Sell on Amazon Sell Your Services on Amazon Sell on Amazon Business Sell Your Apps on Amazon Become an Affiliate Advertise Your Products Self-Publish with Us › See all. Amazon Rewards Visa Signature Cards Amazon.com Store Card Amazon.com Corporate Credit Line Shop with Points Credit Card Marketplace Reload Your Balance Amazon Currency Converter. Your Account Your Orders Shipping Rates & Policies Amazon Prime Returns & Replacements Manage Your Content and Devices Amazon Assistant Help. Amazon Music Stream millions of songs. Amazon Drive Cloud storage from Amazon. 6pm Score deals on fashion brands. AbeBooks Books, art & collectibles. ACX Audiobook Publishing Made Easy. Alexa Actionable Analytics for the Web. Amazon Business Everything For Your Business. AmazonFresh Groceries & More Right To Your Door. AmazonGlobal Ship Orders Internationally. Home Services Handpicked Pros Happiness Guarantee. Amazon Inspire Digital Educational Resources. Amazon Rapids Fun stories for kids on the go. Amazon Restaurants Food delivery from local restaurants. Amazon Video Direct Video Distribution Made Easy. Amazon Web Services Scalable Cloud Computing Services. Audible Download Audio Books. AudiobookStand Discount Audiobooks on Disc. Book Depository Books With Free Delivery Worldwide. Box Office Mojo Find Movie Box Office Data. ComiXology Thousands of Digital Comics. CreateSpace Indie Print Publishing Made Easy. DPReview Digital Photography. East Dane Designer Men's Fashion. Fabric Sewing, Quilting & Knitting. Goodreads Book reviews & recommendations. IMDb Movies, TV & Celebrities. IMDbPro Get Info Entertainment Professionals Need. Junglee.com Shop Online in India. Kindle Direct Publishing Indie Digital Publishing Made Easy. Prime Now FREE 2-Hour Delivery on Everyday Items. Prime Photos Unlimited Photo Storage Free With Prime. Shopbop Designer Fashion Brands. TenMarks.com Math Activities for Kids & Schools. Warehouse Deals Open-Box Discounts. Whole Foods Market America’s Healthiest Grocery Store. Withoutabox Submit to Film Festivals. Woot! Deals and Shenanigans. Zappos Shoes & Clothing. Souq.com Shop Online in the Middle East. Subscribe with Amazon Discover & try subscription services. Conditions of Use Privacy Notice Interest-Based Ads © 1996-2018, Amazon.com, Inc. 
Ver todos los videos en YouTube. Características técnicas Alcatel Pixi 4 (4). Alcatel Pixi 4 (4): Características y especificaciones. El Alcatel Pixi 4 (4) cuenta con una pantalla WVGA de 4 pulgadas, procesador quad-core a 1.3GHz, cámara de 5 MP o 2 MP dependiendo de la región, radio FM y conectividad 3G.. Reviews de usuarios del Alcatel Pixi 4 (4). No hay experiencias de usuarios del Alcatel Pixi 4 (4). Cámara de baja resolución (5MP) Baja densidad de pixels (233ppi). Alcatel Pixi 4 (4) características avanzadas. Mas opiniones del Alcatel Pixi 4 (4). Opina sobre el Alcatel Pixi 4 (4). GSM 850 / 900 / 1800 / 1900 - HSDPA 900 / 2100 o HSDPA 850 / 900 / 1900 / 2100. 121.3 x 64.4 x 9.7 mm. 480 x 800 pixels, 4.0 pulgadas. - Sensor acelerómetro para auto rotación. - Conector de audio 3.5 mm. Entradas y campos prácticamente ilimitados, Foto de llamada. - 4GB almacenamiento interno, 512MB RAM / 8GB almacenamiento interno, 1GB RAM. - Procesador Mediatek MT6580M quad-core 1.3GHz. SMS, MMS, Email, Push Mail, IM. 5 MP o 2 MP, flash LED, HDR, geo-tagging, video 1080p@30fps, cámara frontal VGA o 2 MP. - 3G HSDPA 21Mbps / HSUPA 5.76Mbps. - Wi-Fi 802.11 b/g/n; Wi-Fi Direct. - Visor de documentos (Word, Excel, PowerPoint, PDF). Hasta 520 h (2G) / Hasta 500 h (3G). Hasta 10 h (2G) / Hasta 7 h (3G). Funciones clave Alcatel Pixi 4 (4). Opiniones y Comentarios Alcatel Pixi 4 (4). Hay 12 opiniones del Alcatel Pixi 4 (4) .. movil basico solo para llamar y whatsapp y poco mas es mediocre en todo pero por el precio para tener whatsap sirbe la bateria no dura mucho como lpo metas a internet y videos. Buenas tardes una pregunta yo me compre un alcatel pixi 4 era de 8gb y se bajo a 5gb xq sera gracias..... Hace poco compre el alcatel pixi 4 4 y no se por que no quiere leer una memoria sd, me urge ponerle una memoria ya que al descargarle 6 aplicaciones ya de una vez me grita que no tiene espacio. Se calienta muy rápido la parte de atrás ayudenme a solucionarlo no corro aplicaciones pesadas para que ese sea el motivo. Y adicional se traba mucho y dura poco la batería. Acabo de comprar un Alcatel Pixi 4 de 4 pulgadas y su parte trasera se calienta además que la batería baja de un 100 % a un 50% de forma rápida aun estando inactivo. Será problemas del celular?.Que me recomiendan?. no reproduce videos , como lo hago. Solo quiero saber si mi equipo tiene conección de HML. Por favor para poder conectar con mi televisión.. No me lee la micro SD. quien me podría decir cuánto tiempo real le dura la carga ? en uso con las redes sociales ?. Lo acabó de comprar y se me presento él problema q cuando me llaman él tacto no funciona y no logro responder las llamadas y tampoco salen las llamadas cuando intento realizarlas y cuando me llaman me dicen q sale como fuera de red me dice q tienen malo él mmi y no entiendo como componerlo. Ver todas las Opiniones del Alcatel Pixi 4 (4) - Total de opiniones de usuarios: 12. Tu experiencia o preguntas sobre el Alcatel Pixi 4 (4). - Sé preciso en la pregunta sobre el Alcatel Pixi 4 (4). - Cuenta tus experiencias positivas y negativas. - No insultes, ni uses palabras groseras, si es así probablemente tu opinión se elimine. - Recuerda que smartGSM NO vende móviles ni celulares. Tu opinión vale! Recomienda (o no!) al Alcatel Pixi 4 (4) a otros usuarios. Alcatel Idol 4S con Windows 10. Sony presenta dos nuevos flagships con nuevo lenguaje de diseño: los esperados Sony Xperia XZ2 y Xperia XZ2 Compact. Una alternativa más confiable para desbloquear la pantalla del Samsung Galaxy S9/S9+: Intelligent Scan. Dos propuestas de mediana a baja gama de ZTE: Blade V9 y Blade V9 VITA, dos modelos con ligeras diferencias. Podría ocurrir que se repitan en otro lado, pero las cámaras del Samsung Galaxy S9/S9+ son algo único. Presentación oficial: el Samsung Galaxy S9/S9+ no viene con muchas sorpresas, pero igualmente deslumbra. SmartGSM es una de las comunidades de habla hispana más grandes sobre teléfonos celulares. Fundado en el 2004, smartGSM cubre todas las noticias y novedades sobre telefonía móvil y provee características de teléfonos celulares, smartphones, tablets y wearables. smartGSM cuenta con una comunidad de usuarios que reflejan sus experiencias, opiniones y críticas sobre teléfonos celulares y tablets.. Las especificaciones de los celulares son a título informativo y pueden variar. smartGSM no se responsabiliza del uso de las mismas.. Copyright © 2004 - 2018 smart-gsm.com. 
more ... more .... more ... more .... Dimensions 4.78 x 2.54 x 0.38 inches (121.3 x 64.4 x 9.7 mm). Colors Black, Gold, Gray, Pink, Orange, Yellow, Green, Blue, Red, White. Resolution 480 x 800 pixels. Features Ambient light sensor, Proximity sensor. Pixel density - The pixel density of a display represents the number of pixels over an area of one inch. It’s measured in “pixels per inch”, or ppi. The higher the number, the more detailed and good-looking the display is.. Technology - There are two main screen technologies currently used in phones and tablets: LCD and AMOLED. The former usually features a light source and liquid crystals, while the latter is based on organic light-emitting diodes. Newer LCD variations like IPS-LCD and Super-LCD allow for very accurate color reproduction and very wide viewing angles, where no significant image quality loss is observed. Current AMOLED screens differ in such a way that they can exhibit much more saturated colors (sometimes too much) and incredibly high contrast levels, which is due to black color being completely black in AMOLED displays.. Screen-to-body ratio - Shows what part of the frontal area of a phone its screen occupies.. Software Features Digital zoom, Geo tagging. Shooting Modes High Dynamic Range mode (HDR), Panorama. Camcorder 1920x1080 (1080p HD) (30 fps). System chip - Most modern handsets use an advanced chip that includes many of the device’s hardware modules like the processor, Wi-Fi, Bluetooth and sometimes even the wireless radio. This field shows what particular system chip (or System-on-a-Chip) is used in the phone.. Processor - The processor is the main computing component of a phone and is a major factor when it comes to the overall speed of the device. Some more powerful smartphones use dual-core and quad-core processors designed to deliver greater performance.. Graphics processor - The graphics processor is important for the smooth operation of the system and especially in games and other applications that may involve complex graphics and animations.. System memory - System memory, or RAM memory is the type of memory that the device uses to temporarily store data from the OS or currently-running apps. The more RAM available to the device, the better the performance will be when multiple or heavier programs are running.. Built-in storage - Bigger storage capacity allows you to keep more content saved onto your device, such as more applications, photos or video. Games and video content typically take up the biggest amount of storage space.. Storage expansion - Some handsets allow you to expand their storage capacity by using a memory expansion card – most often microSD. Expansion memory is mostly suitable for media storage, such as photo, video or music content.. Talk time 10.00 hours the average is 20 h (1229 min). Stand-by time 21.7 days (520 hours) the average is 21 days (502 h). Talk time (3G) 7.40 hours the average is 19 h (1147 min). Stand-by time (3G) 20.8 days (500 hours) the average is 25 days (590 h). Capacity - The bigger, the better! However, battery capacity is not the only factor that has an effect on battery life. Those include the chipset in use, the software running on the device, as well as the consumer's unique usage pattern.. Filter by Album, Artist, Genre, Playlists. Features Album art cover, Background playback. GSM 850, 900, 1800, 1900 MHz. UMTS 850, 900, 1900, 2100 MHz. Data HSDPA+ (4G) 21.1 Mbit/s, HSUPA 5.76 Mbit/s. Notifications Haptic feedback, Music ringtones (MP3), Polyphonic ringtones, Vibration, Flight mode, Silent mode, Speakerphone. Other features Voice dialing, Voice commands, Voice recording. Features Mass storage device, USB charging. Other Tethering, Computer sync, OTA sync. Positioning - This field shows the positioning systems supported by the device. The most common types are GPS and A-GPS.. GPS - This is one of the most widespread global positioning technologies, developed and maintained by the U.S. It uses satellites in order to detect your location. A-GPS - A-GPS stands for Assisted GPS and is the industry standard for positioning and navigation. “Assisted” means that it can use local wireless networks, in addition to satellites, for quicker and more precise localization.. To see the full specifications with in-depth details click here.. Samsung Galaxy A8 (2018) Review 6.5. Sony Xperia XA2 and Xperia XA2 Ultra Review 7.8. Huawei Mate 10 Lite Review 8. Jabra Elite 65t wireless earphones Review 8.5. Samsung Galaxy Note 3 vs Samsung Galaxy Note 2. LG V30 Review 8.8. The Samsung Galaxy S9 and S9+ have game-changing cameras with variable aperture and 960fps slow-mo video recording. The Big Barcelona Camera Comparison: iPhone X vs Pixel 2 XL vs Note 8. Samsung Galaxy S9 and S9+ rumor review: Specs, design, features, price and release date. Sony presents Xperia XZ2 and XZ2 Compact: new design and Snapdragon 845. Galaxy S9 Exynos edition gets benchmarked against rivals!. Galaxy S9 first camera comparison vs iPhone X, V30, S8. Samsung Galaxy S9 & S9+ hands-on. MWC 2018: top smartphones to expect. Best smartphone you can buy in 2018. Allo is a quality app, but Google isn't giving it a real chance. All content (phone reviews, news, specs, info), design and layouts are Copyright 2001-2018 phoneArena.com. Reproduction in whole or in part or in any form or medium without written permission is prohibited! Privacy. 
By browsing the EE site, you're agreeing to the use of cookies which help improve your online experience.. Learn more about how we use Cookies. CHOOSE WHICH TYPE OF BUSINESS YOU ARE:. I am a sole trader or business with up to 100 employees. I am a business with more than 100 employees. I am a sole trader or business with up to 100 employees. I am a business with more than 100 employees. Got a phone, tablet or 4GEE WiFi device? Add it to My EE and manage everything in one place.. Got home broadband? Add it to My EE and manage everything in one place.. Move to EE pay as you go. Pay as you go phone packs. Pay as you go packs & add-ons. I am a sole trader or business with up to 100 employees. I am a business with more than 100 employees. Usually dispatched within 1 day, to you or your local EE store.. Usually dispatched within 1 day, to you or your local EE store.. Best for talk, text & data. Renews every 30 days. Open multiple apps instantly, and browse the internet with no lags thanks to the powerful Quad Core processor, giving you a smooth, seamless experience.. Create more memorable moments using the Pixi’s 3MP camera and 1.3MP front camera with Selfie Flash for super selfies.. And the latest 6.0 Marshmallow operating system makes Android simpler to use than ever before – so uploading your pics is quick and easy.. The Pixi 4's 1500mAh battery gives you an impressive 7.4 hours of talk time. And it packs 4GB of internal storage that can be expanded up to 32GB with a microSD card.. Find help, information and advice on joining EE. From welcome information to how to keep your number and transfer your contacts, it's all there.. Join the EE Community to find advice and support from our customers and experts - it only takes a minute to register.. Find out how to set up your EE device for roaming abroad and how much it will cost.. If you need assistance to set up or use your EE device, we have a range of interactive tools and step-by-step guides to help you get the most out of it.. Delivery of your device is completely free and, when you buy online, you can choose to have your order delivered to any UK address or any EE store where our fully trained advisors can help you get set up and transfer your photos and contacts free of charge.. When your order is dispatched, DPD will notify you of your 1-hour delivery time slot. You can then change the day it is delivered or choose from over 2500 local DPD Pickup shops if your allocated timings or selected address are no longer convenient.. Once you’ve got your device, you get a 14-day cooling off period and, if you do want to return it, we’ll refund any payments, cancel your contract or refund any unused pay as you go credit (terms and conditions apply).. This affordable smartphone features a pocket-friendly slim design, 3MP front camera and 1.3MP rear camera, and the latest Android 6.0 Marshmallow software.. Best for talk, text & data. Get a big allowance of data, minutes and texts every 30 days.. Table of Talk and text packs packs. For the talkers and texters: Get more minutes and texts for your money with these packs.. More Whatsapp, Facebook and Skype than calling and texting? Get a big data allowance for a great price.. Need help understanding data? Use our data calculator. Buy three monthly packs of minutes, texts or data in a row to get a Free Boost. Unlock a new level of data every three months to get an extra 500MB, then 1GB, then 1.5GB and so on.. The longer you stay, the more data you get. That's more data for Snapchat stories, group chats and those all-important Insta selfies.. What you'll get with an EE pay as you go SIM. 4G in more places than any other network. We've just switched on superfast 4G in even more places. Got a 4G phone? Enjoy superfast 4GEE at no extra cost on all our packs. If you run out of data simply buy more or wait for your pack to start again. Boost your allowances for free every 3 months, again and again and again. Simply use your credit to buy a pack to suit the way you use your phone, whether that’s for calling and texting, posting on Facebook or streaming music, or for a bit of everything.. Depending on the pack you choose, it will last for 7 or 30 day and will automatically renew after this time is up.. All you need to do is remember to top up to keep getting great value.. If you use up any of your pack allowances early you can buy extra minutes, texts or data at any time to keep you going until your next pack starts.. Simply call 150 or visit My EE. Find out more about our add-ons .. You can buy roaming and international calling add-ons by calling 150 or logging into My EE.. How do I keep my existing number?. If you’re moving from Orange or T-Mobile, simply order your SIM from our dedicated. Once you insert your SIM we’ll automatically move your number and any remaining credit across.. If you’re moving to us from another network, don’t worry – there’s a simple process all network providers follow to make things easy for everyone. Call your old network to say you’re leaving and they’ll give you a special code called a Port Authorisation Code (PAC) that you’ll need to give us when you receive your new EE SIM through the post or in store.. Please be aware number transfers are not processed on Bank Holidays. Read more useful information on keeping your number .. Will the SIM fit my device?. Yes – our multi SIMs are designed to fit any device, just pop out the size to fit yours.. You will need to top up to ensure you have enough credit to pay for your next pack. You can do this in a number of ways:. 1) Download the My EE app to take care of things like topping up and checking your usage allowances. 2) Call 150 and choose top up from the options. 3) Use the E top up card included with your SIM to top up at more than 100,000 shops across the country. View other ways to top up .. What happens if I use up my pack allowances early?. If you use up any of your allowances, you can start a new pack early. Check you have enough credit and then text NOW to 150. We’ll remove your current pack and replace it with a new one.. If you regularly use up your pack allowances early you may want to switch to a bigger pack. To do this just log in to My EE, click Pack and add-ons in the menu, and under Next pack , click CHANGE.. Pay As You Go Packs : Packs automatically recur. If pack cannot recur because you haven’t topped up, we’ll try taking payment for 90 days. You can opt out at any time.. Minutes and texts are from the UK to UK mobiles and UK landline starting with 01, 02 and 03 (excl. Jersey Guernsey & Isle of Man). Out of allowance calls to these numbers cost 30p/min. Calls to 084, 087, 09 & 118 numbers are not included; you’ll be charged EE’s Access Charge of 44p/min plus the applicable service charge. If you call a 070 you’ll be charged up to 75p/min. See ee.co.uk for our Price Guide for a detailed list of service charges & more info on charges outside of your allowance. If you don’t call, text or top-up every 180 days you will be disconnected and you’ll lose any credit on your account. Free Boosts: You must have bought at least 12 Packs (7-day subscription) or 3 Packs (30-day subscription). Boosts last the duration of your Pack and don’t roll over. You cannot accrue Boosts for 7-day and 30-day subscriptions simultaneously. Boost must be selected within 60 days of notification of eligibility and will be added when you purchase your next pack. If you move between 7-day and 30-day packs, you will lose any Boosts accrued.. If you move to the £5 Pack from any other pack or from the £5 Pack to a different Pack you will lose any Boosts accrued.. Want to buy a phone and just add some credit? No problem - you can choose your pack later in My EE. Please choose a top up amount to get started.. the Orange website (opens in a new tab/window). the T-Mobile website (opens in a new tab/window). 
Call FREE 0800 049 6250. All pay as you go phones. SIM free phones with SIM offers. The following items have been added to the basket:. By using this site, you agree we can set and use cookies.. For more details about cookies and how to disable them,. To view this video, please install the latest version of Adobe Flash Player.. Enter place or postcode to view stock in store. UH OH ! We're sorry, We are unable to find stores for your postcode.. Looking for Pay as you go. "This compact smartphone features a bright 4-inch display and capable camera with front-facing flash for great selfies.". “Expect bright selfies with the front-facing flash and a great mobile experience courtesy of the world’s most popular operating system, Android.”. Discover more about the Pixi 4. The slim-line design – less than 10mm – means the Pixi 4 is super light and fits easily in the palm.. At just 4-inches, you won’t have any trouble flicking through all your favourite photos and apps with just one hand.. Check out the Pixi 4’s two cameras. The Pixi 4 has a powerful front-facing flash, flooding all your selfies with white light, no matter where you are.. You can be sure that all your videos will look great, with the rear camera letting you film in Full HD resolution.. Find out more about the tech inside the Pixi 4. The Pixi 4 has a 1.3GHz quad-core processor on board to make sure you won’t be slowed down by apps and games on the go.. There’s 4GB of internal storage on board as standard, but if you think that mightn’t be enough room for all your stuff, you can add a microSD card of up to 32GB for even more space.. 121.3 x 64.4 x 9.7 mm. Alcatel Pixi 4 (4) Reviews - page 2. Alcatel Pixi 4 (4) is rated. Rated 1 out of. Really is worst phone I've ever possesed. Rated 4 out of. Had this phone for a few months now and happy to say it does what I want. No problems at all but I only use it for phone calls, Fitbit and What’s App plus 2 simple games. Rated 1 out of. when I purchased this phone, the sales assistant at staines branch was more interested in what else was going on than serving me so failed to tell me the storage is rubbish, it is so slow it's unbelievable, the battery doesn't last and basically this phone is not even suitable for a childs first phone,, it is the worst I have ever had and I will never recommend it to anyone. Rated 5 out of. It's an amazing cheap phone it has the latest apps is well, it's best for kids to bring the phone to school. But it's a shame it only has 4gb.. If you find cheper deal than ours,We'll match it and pay your first monthly bill.. If you find better trade in price when getting any new smartphones, we will bring it and give you. We offer FREE next day delivery with a 1 hour timeslot,so you wont wait in all day.. Pin Point will help you compare your needs to 1000s deal to find the one that right for you.. We have the widest range of networks on the high streets so you can compare more deals. Your default store Remove. terms and condition for notify me goes here e.g Your email will. only be used to stiffly you when the product is back in stock.. If you find cheper deal than ours,We'll match it. and pay your first monthly bill.. If you find better trade in price when getting any new. smartphones, we will bring it and give you � 20. We offer FREE next day delivery with a 1 hour. timeslot,so you wont wait in all day.. Pin Point will help you compare your needs to. 1000s deal to find the one that right for you.. We have the widest range of networks on the high. streets so you can compare more deals. Monday - Friday: 8am - 10pm. The Carphone Warehouse Ltd is authorised and regulated by the Financial Conduct Authority. Registered Office: 1 Portal Way, London W3 6RS, Registered in England No. 
We use cookies and similar technologies (“cookies”) to help give you the best experience on our site and to show you relevant advertising. If you continue to use this site, we’ll assume that you’re happy to receive all cookies.. We use cookies and similar technologies (“cookies”) to help give you the best experience on our site and to show you relevant advertising. If you continue to use this site, we’ll assume that you’re happy to receive all cookies.. Small Screen TVs (19" to 26"). Medium Screen TVs (27'' to 38''). Large Screen TVs (39'' to 49''). Extra Large Screen TVs (50'' and above). Tesco Mobile Pay As You Go Phones. Smart Speakers & Multi Room Speakers. Sat Nav, GPS & Fitness Trackers. Small Screen TVs (19" to 26"). Medium Screen TVs (27'' to 38''). Large Screen TVs (39'' to 49''). Extra Large Screen TVs (50'' and above). Sideboards, Display Cabinets & Console Tables. Sideboards, Display Cabinets & Console Tables. See All Garden & Conservatory Furniture. See All Garden Buildings & Storage Structures. See All BBQs, Charcoal & Patio Heaters. See All Fence Panels, Fencing & Landscaping. Lawn Mowers & Garden Power Tools. See All Lawn Mowers & Garden Power Tools. See All Garden Hand Tools & Wheelbarrows. See All Planting, Growing & Watering. See All Outdoor Lighting & Décor. See All Pets Wildlife & Care. Trend: Jeans And A Nice Top. See All Women's Shoes & Sandals. See All Women's Nightwear & Slippers. See All Men's Shoes & Accessories. 2 for £25 on Selected Chinos. 2 for £25 on Selected Oxford Shirts. 2 for £8 on Selected T-Shirts. Baby & Kids' Clothing & Shoes. See All Baby & Kids' Clothing & Shoes. See All Baby Clothing & Shoes. See All Boys' Clothing & Shoes. See All Girls' Clothing & Shoes. Baby Monitors, Stair Gates & Safety. See All Nursery Furniture & Bedding. See All Car Seats & Baby Travel. See All Baby & Toddler Toys. Baby Monitors, Stair Gates & Safety. See All Baby Monitors, Stair Gates & Safety. Star Wars Action Figures & Playsets. All Fancy Dress & Pretend Play. All Toy Cars, Trains & Planes. See All Fitness Equipment & Machinery. See All Car, Motoring & Travel. See All Car Roof Boxes & Bars. See All Gift Wrap & Greeting Cards. Tesco Clubcard collect 1 point for every £1 you spend. Free deliveries for a month. Tesco Mobile Alcatel Pixi 4 4" Black. Make sure you're there to give Mum her perfect present from Tesco direct. Slim and compact, premium design Fast 3G+ connectivity Dual cameras, supported by Polaroid software. All our customers get Home From Home automatically from 15 June 2017. You don't need to do anything, just use your phone as normal.. Requires the phone to be activated and topped up. Clubcard number to be registered to pay as you go account by calling 282. For more details please refer to tescomobile.com. All Tesco Mobile pay as you go phones are set up on our Rocket Packs tariff. Our Rocket Packs tariff is perfect if you love using 4G data on your phone. Your top-ups buy superb value monthly Rocket Packs of 4G data, minutes and texts. On Rocket Packs tariff , your first top-up will turn into your first Rocket Pack of data, minutes and texts. For example, if you top-up £10, your top-up will buy you a £10 Rocket Pack. Rocket Packs last for a month and renew automatically at the end of the month, if you've got enough credit. If you prefer just talking and texting , you can change to our Triple Credit tariff before you top-up. More info on Rocket Packs and how to change tariff. At just 10mm thick and weighing less than 150g, the Alcatel OneTouch PIXI 4 (4) is a pocket-friendly smartphone that fits comfortably in the palm of your hand. Its colour 4-inch WVGA display delivers an impressive video viewing experience and is great for viewing multiple windows.. For budding photographers, there is a 3-megapixel camera with flash and a 1.3-megapixel front-facing camera – ideal for video chats and selfie shots. With fun, creative Polaroid software, the PIXI 4 (4) gives you the tools to design your own photo collages and add borders, text and effects to your images.. PIXI 4 (4) runs on Android and is powered by a 1.3GHz quad-core processor with 512MB RAM and 4GB of internal storage. Internal memory can be expanded to 32GB by adding a MicroSD card. Housed inside the PIXI 4 (4) is a 1500mAh battery, which gives you a standby time of around 500 hours and a talk time of up to 7 hours.. Battery, USB Charger, Micro USB Cable, Quick User Guide. Could we improve this page? Please tell us. Take a look at our buying guide. We have a range of purchase credit cards to choose from. Brought to you by Tesco Bank.. Free deliveries for a month - Start your Free Trial. Tesco Partners - Our guarantee to you. Find out more about shopping with our Tesco Partners - protected by the Tesco Partner Guarantee. View all Pay as you go Phones. View search results for Alcatel Pay as you go Phones. Not found what you're looking for?. © Tesco.com 2018 All Rights Reserved. 
The next video is starting stop. Alcatel Pixi 4 (4") - Unboxing [HD]. Want to watch this again later?. Sign in to add this video to a playlist.. Sign in to report inappropriate content.. Sign in to make your opinion count.. Sign in to make your opinion count.. The interactive transcript could not be loaded.. Rating is available when the video has been rented.. This feature is not available right now. Open multiple apps instantly, and browse the internet with no lags thanks to the powerful Quad Core processor, giving you a smooth, seamless experience. Create more memorable moments using the Pixi’s 3MP camera and 1.3MP front camera with Selfie Flash for super selfies. And the latest 6.0 Marshmallow operating system makes Android simpler to use than ever before – so uploading your pics is quick and easy.. When autoplay is enabled, a suggested video will automatically play next.. Alcatel Pixi 4 Unboxing - Android for cheap!. smartphone review - Alcatel Pixi 4 unboxing and review. Alcatel Pixi 4 - Unboxing + Review + Camera test. Alcatel PIXI 4 - Unboxing & First Look!. The Super Smartphone You've Never Heard Of.... Alcatel PIXI 4 (4) - levný mobil, který nezklame. 5 Cool Gadgets You Can Buy Now On Amazon. INSERT SIM & Memory SD Card Alcatel PIXI 4 | How to. Top 5 Best smartphones with unique features. ALCATEL Pixi 4 INSERT SIM & SD / Micro SIM and Micro SD Card Slot. Unboxing of Alcatel Pixi 4 - The Super budget phone!. Alcatel Pixi 4 (5) Unboxing and Hands on - First Boot. A $20 Fully Functional Smartphone? Walmart Family Mobile Alcatel PIXI 4 Review. 10 SIMPLE LIFE HACKS WITH SMARTPHONE. how to remove google account on alcatel pixi 4 (5) 5010x 5010d android 6. Sign in to add this to Watch Later. 
The next video is starting stop. Alcatel Pixi 4 (4"), Review, análisis y características en español.. Want to watch this again later?. Sign in to add this video to a playlist.. Sign in to report inappropriate content.. Sign in to make your opinion count.. Sign in to make your opinion count.. The interactive transcript could not be loaded.. Rating is available when the video has been rented.. This feature is not available right now. Alcatel Pixi 4 (4"), Review, análisis y características en español. Todo lo que debes de saber sobre este smartphone de Alcatel! ¿Qué es SmartLTE? Somos un canal auténtico dedicado a ayudar a gente como tu con Reviews, análisis y vídeos acerca de tecnología actualmente! Suscribete a SmartLTE!! https://goo.gl/hQPp4C Facebook: https://goo.gl/yngYDA Ask fm: https://goo.gl/3fopiM Si te gustó recuerda visitar nuestro canal y suscribirte!: https://goo.gl/FRMSSE Gracias por todo smartianos! Recuerden comentar que les pareció :). When autoplay is enabled, a suggested video will automatically play next.. Alcatel Pixi 4 Unboxing - Android for cheap!. Review Alcatel Pixi 4 de 4 Pulgadas. Alcatel Pixi 4 (5.5) - Review en Español/Pantalla HD a un super precio. Alcatel Pixi 4 (4") - Unboxing [HD]. Alcatel Pixi 4 (5) - Review en español. Unboxing Alcatel Pixi 4 de 4 Pulgadas. Alcatel Pixi 4 | Caracteristicas y Novedades | 2017. Alcatel Pixi 4 phones go from really big to really little. Alcatel Pixi 4 6'' - Submarino.com. CES 2016: Alcatel OneTouch Pixi 4 Lineup Hands On. Alcatel Pixi 4 (4) colors 8gb. 4 Trucos que harán que tu vida sea más fácil. Alcatel Pixi 4 Colors - Unboxing e Impressões. 4 Stands for Cell Phone Easy - DIY | JuanTu3. Sign in to add this to Watch Later. 
Step 2/4 > Select your current Network. Unlock your Alcatel Pixi 4 (4) with Unlock Code. Request a Alcatel Pixi 4 (4) unlock code and we will send you the code by email along with a set of instructions on how to use it. In most cases you only need to insert the SIM card you want to use and the cell phone will prompt for the unlock code („SIM Network Unlock PIN”). If your phone does not ask for one and there is no input field where to enter the unlock code, please contact our customer support before starting the ordering process. Feel free to get in touch with us, we will gladly respond you within less than 12 hours on any question about how to unlock Alcatel Pixi 4 (4).. Pick the country your Alcatel Pixi 4 (4) is locked to. Attention! Pick the Current Network your device is locked to, NOT the network you want to use. Easy instructions on how to Unlock Alcatel Pixi 4 (4). Why should I order a Alcatel Pixi 4 (4) unlock code?. Easily migrate to another service provider. Get more money if you sell your phone. Safest method to unlock your phone. Here at UnlockRadar.com it's so easy to unlock Alcatel devices, you don't even need technical skills to do it. As easy as dialing a phone number. Read this step-by-step guide, meant to walk you through the process:. Select the country and the service provider your phone is locked to, then check the price.. Send us the IMEI of your phone and proceed to checkout. To find the IMEI number, type *#06# on your device keyboard.. Enter your name, a valid email address and complete the order. A confirmation email will be sent to you after we receive the payment.. We will send the unlock code on your email. Usually it's a 8 or 16 digit number, but in some cases it may be a complete set of codes. You only need the first one, the NCK.. Insert the SIM card of another network operator and enter the code you received from us. With an unlocked phone you have the huge advantage of easily changing your network provider and being able to choose a better plan to suit your needs.. You can save hundreds of dollars when traveling abroad if you have an unlocked phone. Just buy a local SIM card and start making calls at local rates, avoiding roaming charges.. Unlocked phones tend to have higher resale prices than locked phones, and you can easily sell your unlocked device internationally.. IMEI unlock is the safest way to unlock your device, because it uses genuine unlock codes from the manufacturer. No software, no opening your phone's case, no warranty void.. Before you order a Alcatel Pixi 4 (4) unlock code, make sure you follow our requirements checklist:. Be certain that your phone is locked. Try to insert a SIM from a different network and wait for the phone to ask for the unlock. If it doesn't prompt for the code, and you can make a regular call, than your phone is NOT SIM locked.. Be certain that your phone is NOT stolen or blacklisted.. Be certain that your phone is NOT hard locked. If you tried too many times to unlock it before, your handset may be locked forever.. Make sure to give us the correct IMEI and to select the original country and network, NOT the one you want to use.. We will NOT be able to refund your money if our service fails to unlock your device for any of the reasons mentioned before.. By more than 486 happy customers. After losing several days trying to follow various tutorials on Youtube about how to unlock my phone, I decided then to buy the code. Very good price and quick service. Got my code and instructions how to unlock Alcatel Pixi 4 (4). It did take a bit longer then they said it would, but they clearly noticed me about it so that seems fine to me.. Good timing, affordable and great service, I'll keep coming back.... I got my Alcatel Pixi 4 (4) unlock code very quickly. It was so easy to unlock my phone. A well recommended company I would recommend it to all my friends. Mark Tzerhfu     . Remy Dent     . Catherine Grace     . Jane Miller     . Francisco Soria     . 7 days a week, 24 hours a day. 
Select the department you want to search in. Sign in Your Account Try Prime Your Lists Basket. Your Amazon.co.uk Today's Deals Gift Cards & Top Up Sell Help. Amazon.co.uk Today's Deals Warehouse Deals Outlet Subscribe & Save Vouchers Amazon Family Amazon Prime Amazon Pantry Prime Video Prime Student Mobile Apps Amazon Pickup Locations Amazon Assistant. 1-16 of over 50,000 results for "Alcatel Pixi 4 (4)". Alcatel Pixi 4 4GB 4" SIM-Free Smartphone in Black. Only 7 left in stock - order soon.. Alcatel Pixi 4 4.0" Tempered Glass Screen Protector Guard Anti Scratch, 100 % Real Glass, HD Transparent, Shatter Proof, 9H Hardness, Bubble Free 0.3mm Thick (Pixi 4 4 Glass). Alcatel Pixi 4 (5) 4G 5045X mobile phone case cover luxury PU lather magnetic book flip Wallet case for Alcatel Pixi 4 5 inch 4G 5045X Alcatel Pixi 4 5" 4G 5045X (Black book case). Product Features Alcatel Pixi 4 5 inch 4G 5045X Fast UK & EU Dispatch. Alcatel Pixi 4 4-Inch SIM-Free Smartphone - Rose Gold. Only 2 left in stock - order soon.. (Black) Alcatel Pixi 4 (7) [7 inch ] Case [Stand Cover] for Alcatel Pixi 4 (7) [7 inch ] Tablet PC Case Cover [Stand Cover] Durable Synthetic PU Leather 360 Roatating cover Case [Stand Cover] with 4 springs by i- Tronixs. Ii -Tronixs store for more alcatel Pixi 4 (7) Tablet (alcatel Pixi 4 .... Alcatel Pixi 4 4.0" 4 inch Leather TPU Case Cover for Alcatel Pixi 4 4.0" 4 inch wallet Card Slot Magnetic Protective Stand Case (Black Book Case) (Pixi 4 4 Black bk). from high quality material; Perfectly fit for Alcatel Pixi 4 4.0-inch .... (Purple) Alcatel Pixi 4 (7) [7 inch ] Case [Stand Cover] for Alcatel Pixi 4 (7) [7 inch ] Tablet PC Case Cover [Stand Cover] Durable Synthetic PU Leather 360 Roatating cover Case [Stand Cover] with 4 springs by i- Tronixs. Ii -Tronixs store for more alcatel Pixi 4 (7) Tablet (alcatel Pixi 4 .... Alcatel Pixi 4 (4.0 Inch) 3G 4034X - Premium Leather Flip Wallet Book Card Case Cover Pouch with Screen Protector, Microfibre Polishing Cloth and Touch Stylus (Black). Product Features Suitable For Only Alcatel Pixi 4 (4) 3G 4034X. GENUINE ALCATEL® TLI015M1 BATTERY FOR ONE TOUCH PIXI 4 4.0 / 4034/ 4034D 1500mAh. (Blue) Alcatel Pixi 4 (7) [7 inch ] Case [Stand Cover] for Alcatel Pixi 4 (7) [7 inch ] Tablet PC Case Cover [Stand Cover] Durable Synthetic PU Leather 360 Roatating cover Case [Stand Cover] with 4 springs by i- Tronixs. Ii -Tronixs store for more alcatel Pixi 4 (7) Tablet (alcatel Pixi 4 .... Alcatel Pixi 4 (4.0 Inch) 3G 4034X - Heavy Duty Tough Rugged Shockproof Bumper Armour Hybrid Kickstand Hard Case Cover with Screen Protector, Microfibre Polishing Cloth and Touch Stylus (Blue). Alcatel Pixi 4 (4.0 Inch) 3G 4034X - Slim fitted design with stand. Alcatel One Touch Pixi 4 (5.0 inch) (3G) - Tempered Glass Screen Protector Anti Scratch HD Transparent Shatter Proof 9H Hardness Guard Film 0.3mm. Product Features Specifically designed for Alcatel One Touch Pixi 4 (5 inch) 3G. Alcatel Onetouch Pixi 4 7" inch Teblet SCREEN PROTECTOR, GENUINE TEMPERED GLASS SCREEN PROTECTOR,Cover 9H TEMPERED GLASS Anti-Smash for Your Tablet Ultra Clear ( Pack of 1) Bubble-Free 9H TEMPERED GLASS Anti-Scratch Shatter-Proof by i-Tronixs Clear ( Pack of 1). vodafone smart tab mini 7 / ALCATEL pixi 4 7 Case,Mama Mouth PU Leather Folio 2-folding Stand Cover for 7" vodafone smart tab mini 7 / ALCATEL pixi 4 7 Android Tablet 2016,Black. 7" vodafone smart tab mini 7 / ALCATEL pixi 4 7 Android Tablet 2016 .... Alcatel Pixi 4 (4) mobile phone case cover luxury PU lather magnetic book flip Wallet case for (Pixi 4 4 blue butterfly bk). Gr8value Plus Limited Alcatel Pixi 4 (4) case Wallet Flip Cover Premium .... Xylo Micro USB Mains Phone Charger For Alcatel Pixi 4 (6) / Pixi 4 (5) / Pixi 4 (4) / Pixi 3 (4) / Pixi 3 (4.5).. 4 Stars & Up & Up. 3 Stars & Up & Up. 2 Stars & Up & Up. 1 Star & Up & Up. Prime members enjoy fast & free shipping, unlimited streaming of movies and TV shows with Prime Video and many more exclusive benefits.. There's a problem loading this menu at the moment.. Careers About Us UK Modern Slavery Statement Sell on Amazon Sell on Amazon Business Associates Programme Fulfilment by Amazon Advertise Your Products Independently Publish with Us Amazon Pay Become an Amazon Vendor › See all Amazon Platinum Mastercard Amazon Classic Mastercard Amazon Money Store Gift Cards Amazon Currency Converter Payment Methods Help Shop with Points Top Up Your Account Track Packages or View Orders Delivery Rates & Policies Amazon Prime Returns & Replacements Manage Your Content and Devices Amazon Mobile App Amazon Assistant Help. Australia Brazil Canada China France Germany India Italy Japan Mexico Netherlands Spain United States. Amazon Music Stream millions of songs. AbeBooks Books, art & collectables. ACX Audiobook Publishing Made Easy. Amazon Web Services Scalable Cloud Computing Services. Audible Download Audio Books. Book Depository Books With Free Delivery Worldwide. DPReview Digital Photography. Goodreads Book reviews & recommendations. IMDb Movies, TV & Celebrities. Junglee.com Shop Online in India. Kindle Direct Publishing Indie Digital Publishing Made Easy. Prime Now 2-Hour Delivery on Everyday Essentials. Shopbop Designer Fashion Brands. Yoyo.com A Happy Place To Shop For Toys. Souq.com Shop Online in the Middle East. Warehouse Deals Deep Discounts Open-Box Products. Amazon Business Service for business customers. Whole Foods Market We Believe in Real Food. Conditions of Use & Sale Privacy Notice Cookies & Internet Advertising © 1996-2018, Amazon.com, Inc. 
Select the department you want to search in. Sign in Your Account Try Prime Your Lists Basket. Your Amazon.co.uk Today's Deals Gift Cards & Top Up Sell Help. Electronics Best Sellers Deals Phones & Accessories TVs & Home Cinema Camera & Photo Audio & HiFi Computers & Accessories Wearable Technology Accessories Car Electronics. view or change your orders in Your Account. see our delivery rates and policies. thinking of returning an item ? (See our Returns Policy ). still have questions? Visit our Help Pages. Alcatel Pixi 4 4GB 4" SIM.... has been added to your Basket. 1-Click ordering is not available for this item.. Please enter a valid UK postcode.. Please enter a valid UK postcode.. Dispatching to a British Forces Post Office? Change your region to 'UK - BFPO’ below:. Alcatel Pixi 4 4GB 4" SIM-Free Smartphone in Black. & FREE Delivery in the UK. Sold by MACnificent and Fulfilled by Amazon .. Fulfilment by Amazon (FBA) is a service Amazon offers sellers that lets them store their products in Amazon's warehouses, and Amazon directly does the picking, packing, shipping and customer service on these items. Something Amazon hopes you'll especially enjoy: FBA items are eligible for and for Amazon Prime just as if they were Amazon items.. If you're a seller, you can increase your sales significantly by using Fulfilment by Amazon. Note: This item is eligible for click and collect. Pick up your parcel at a time and place that suits you. Choose from over 13,000 locations across the UK. Prime members get unlimited deliveries at no additional cost. How to order to an Amazon Pickup Location?. and add it to your address book. Dispatch to this address when you check out. Fast 3G+ connectivity , Internal Memory 4GB. Dual cameras, supported by Polaroid software. What you need to know – This product has an IMEI that uniquely identifies it. When we dispatch your order, we will scan the IMEI and add it to the order history. Where the item is not received, Amazon may register the IMEI with loss and theft databases to help prevent any fraudulent use or reselling of the item. This information is shared in accordance with the Amazon.co.uk Privacy Notice. There is no action required from you and the IMEI will only be used for this purpose.. These items are dispatched from and sold by different sellers. This item: Alcatel Pixi 4 4GB 4" SIM-Free Smartphone in Black £39.99. Sold by MACnificent and sent from Amazon Fulfillment.. FREE Delivery in the UK. Mobile Phones (Black) £2.15. Sent from and sold by Gr8ValuePlus Ltd.. Alcatel Pixi 4 (4.0) 4 inch Premium Tempered Glass Screen Protect Tempered Glass Mobile Phone Screen… £1.99. Sent from and sold by Gr8ValuePlus Ltd.. This shopping feature will continue to load items. In order to navigate out of this carousel please use your heading shortcut key to navigate to the next or previous heading.. Customers who bought this item also bought. Page 1 of 1 Start over Page 1 of 1. Alcatel Pixi 4 (4.0) 4 inch Premium Tempered Glass Screen Protect Tempered Glass Mobile Phone Screen Protectors Alcatel Pixi 4 (4.0) (Pixi 4 4 Glass). Alcatel Pixi 4 (4") 3G Case, FoneExpert® Heavy Duty ShockProof Rugged Impact Armor Hybrid Kickstand Protective Bag Cover Case For Alcatel Pixi 4 (4") 3G. Alcatel Pixi Phone Case PU Leather Flip Wallet Case Cover Pouch Wallet Flip Cover Premium Leather Black Wallet Premium Pu Leather Case (Alcatel Pixi 4 4 inch, Pixi 4 4" Purple Book Case). 32nd Book Wallet PU Leather Flip Case Cover For Alcatel Pixi 4 (4.0), Design With Card Slot and Magnetic Closure - Black. Alcatel Pixi 4 (4") 3G Case, FoneExpert® Heavy Duty ShockProof Rugged Impact Armor Hybrid Kickstand Protective Bag Cover Case For Alcatel Pixi 4 (4") 3G. Also check our best rated Smart Phone reviews. Instantly receive a £10 Amazon.co.uk Gift Card if you’re approved for the Amazon Platinum Mastercard with Instant Spend. Credit offered by NewDay Ltd, over 18s only, subject to status. 7.7 x 15.1 x 0.8 cm. 6.3 x 1.1 x 11.53 cm. 7.3 x 1 x 15.1 cm. 0.9 x 6.4 x 12.4 cm. quad_core_processor; GPS; radio; camera; front_camera; face_detection; flash; touchscreen; usb; e-mail; mp3_ringtones; stereo_jack_connector; wifi. camera; dual_core_processor; e-mail; front_camera; internet; radio; touchscreen; usb; wifi. dual_core_processor; touchscreen; camera; front_camera; flash; mp3_ringtones; stereo_jack_connector; e-mail. 3G; 4G; GSM; Edge; GPRS; HSDPA; Bluetooth; WiFi. 3G; Bluetooth; Edge; GPRS; GSM; WiFi. Alcatel Pixi 4 4GB 4" SIM-Free Smartphone in Black. Alcatel POP 4 UK SIM-Free Smartphone. TTsims M5 SMART - 3.5 inch Android Smart Phone - Dual Camera - 3G Dual 2 Sim Cards at the same time - HVGA Wifi 1Ghz Processor Dual Core - Unlocked (USB charger, Blue). Alcatel Pixi 3 4.5-Inch SIM-Free Smartphone - Black. Alcatel Pixi 4 (5) NFC UK SIM-Free Smartphone - Black. STK Storm 2e Pluz UK SIM-Free Dual-Sim 3G 8GB Smartphone Includes Phone Case and Installed Screen Protector – Black. Find answers in product info, Q&As, reviews. Please make sure that you've entered a valid question. You can edit your question or post anyway.. Don't see what you're looking for?. There was a problem completing your request. Please try your search again later.. Batteries 1 Lithium ion batteries required. Date first available at Amazon.co.uk: 9 Jun. 4,893 in Electronics & Photo ( See Top 100 in Electronics & Photo ). Electronics & Photo > Phones > Mobile Phones & Communication > Mobile Phones & Smartphones > SIM-Free Mobile Phones & Smartphones. Would you like to tell us about a lower price ?. At just 10mm thick and weighing less than 150g, the Alcatel OneTouch PIXI 4 (4) is a pocket-friendly smartphone that fits comfortably in the palm of your hand. Its colour 4-inch WVGA display delivers an impressive video viewing experience and is great for viewing multiple windows. For budding photographers, there is a 3-megapixel camera with flash and a 1.3-megapixel front-facing camera - ideal for video chats and selfie shots. With fun, creative Polaroid software, the PIXI 4 (4) gives you the tools to design your own photo collages and add borders, text and effects to your images. PIXI 4 (4) runs on Android and is powered by a 1.3GHz quad-core processor with 512MB RAM and 4GB of internal storage. Internal memory can be expanded to 32GB by adding a MicroSD card. Housed inside the PIXI 4 (4) is a 1500mAh battery, which gives you a standby time of around 500 hours and a talk time of up to 7 hours. IN THE BOX: Battery, USB Charger, Micro USB Cable, Quick User Guide. What do customers buy after viewing this item?. Smart First 7 Pay As You Go Smartphone (Locked to Vodafone Network) - Black. £ 15 00 Amazon Prime. Alcatel Pixi 4 (4.0) 4 inch Premium Tempered Glass Screen Protect Tempered Glass Mobile Phone Screen Protectors Alcatel Pixi 4 (4.0) (Pixi 4 4 Glass). 5 star 42% 4 star 12% 3 star 10% 2 star 10% 1 star 26%. Share your thoughts with other customers. There was a problem filtering reviews right now. 5.0 out of 5 stars Great Bargain. Great little phone, considering the cheap price so far have yet to see the difference between this & a phone that cost a few hundred pounds? Easy to navigate , good battery lifetime , volume levels are good, additional apps simple to download.. Was this review helpful to you?. 4.0 out of 5 stars Great value phone. It's good for a first phone. Does the basics nd can use the internet nd download apps. Camera isn't great but it's great for my daughter's first phone. Was this review helpful to you?. 1.0 out of 5 stars I have now returned 2 of these phones, they .... I have now returned 2 of these phones, they both failed after about 1 week. The first one a Christmas present no longer switched on but the battery got very hot when on charge. The second one no longer switches on but the battery stayed cold. I know this is a cheap phone but you do not expect them to only work for a few days.. Was this review helpful to you?. 3.0 out of 5 stars Disappointed with this as it's so much slower than its .... I bought this as a second phone. I had already had an identical phone with a well-known provider on a Contract and wanted a back up to use with a sim deal with a different provider. My contract phone works a dream. Disappointed with this as it's so much slower than its identical model I use on a contract. I bought it because I was pleased with with my contract phone and how it worked. When I press google a tesco mobile page cones up every time even though I've never visited it. Iit came unlocked and does work with my SIM. D Don't understand why its slow as it has less apos installed than its contract buddy.. Was this review helpful to you?. 2.0 out of 5 stars This phone has 512 MB of RAM! Real RAM .... This phone has 512 MB of RAM! Real RAM available to use is 496 MB of RAM. Please note that Android OS uses 480 MB of RAM. This phone can not download Google Play Updates and perform update of any application over 10 MB of size.If you need the phone to only make an call and send SMS it is OK! Please note it will lag when sending SMS, it is not very responsive. I would strongly advise buy an android with at least 1 GB of RAM.. Was this review helpful to you?. 5.0 out of 5 stars Great little phone.. Great little phone for the price I bought it for my uncle who isn't into technology but needed a good phone to replace his trusty samsung flip phone which was showing its age to say the least. The UI is very easy to use which was important for me as I mentioned previously hes not into technology and didn't want something flash or overcomplicated.The phone is a great size and will give you everything you need in a phone especially if you install a microsd card for expanded storage. Performance is good, no freezing or anything of that sort so far, but to be honest he's not installed any non oem apps as he only really uses if for calls & texting. Overall great little phone well worth the price which is great value if your looking for something simple to use.. Was this review helpful to you?. 2.0 out of 5 stars ... the bottom right of the screen which is really annoying... Stopped showing the correct time unless I restart phone at least 3 times a day and now the screen has started flickering in the bottom right of the screen which is really annoying... Was this review helpful to you?. 5.0 out of 5 stars Superb little smart phone no bloatware nice screen size and good pocket .... Superb little smart phone no bloatware nice screen size and good pocket size am sick of smart phones as big as my face. Up and running out of the box with my giffgaff sim you will have to configure APN for mobile data .. took a couple of minutes at most, all settings on giffgaff site. Superb wi-fi connection and has all the functions of the market leaders ... Its spot on for a £30.00 fone and faster than my lads Samsung J3. Battery is surprising, on day two with 76% and no battery saver apps installed.. Was this review helpful to you?. Order came quickly and phone works well. 4.0 out of 5 stars Four Stars. I am astounded how anyone cold make a phone this bad. Its hit and miss if it will turn on or not, the response to any inputs whether touch screen or button is hit an... 1.0 out of 5 stars Unbelievably bad.. Not really responsive screen, very basic mobile phone. 2.0 out of 5 stars Two Stars. 5.0 out of 5 stars Five Stars. This is a fair enough starter smart phone. Like others who have got this sim free are slightly disappointed as after a couple of days of use it slows right down with all of the... 3.0 out of 5 stars Good, not great.. 1.0 out of 5 stars One Star. Yep - this phone is pathetic. The hardware seems to be OK but the proprietary software, especially "Joy Launcher" is a disaster, rendering the phone... 1.0 out of 5 stars Useless. After a few software updates it becomes unusable. Barely has room for one extra app. Budget phones used to be much better quality!. 1.0 out of 5 stars Avoid avoid avoid. 3.0 out of 5 stars Three Stars. This phone isn't great, it's really slow and the battery doesn't even last a day. But it's cheap and if you're looking for a cheap phone to take away with you for a short... 3.0 out of 5 stars This phone isn't great, it's really slow and the battery doesn't even .... See and discover other items: alcatel pixi 4 , android mobile phone , android smart phones , mobile phone , dual sim smartphone , dual sim android smartphone. Prime members enjoy fast & free shipping, unlimited streaming of movies and TV shows with Prime Video and many more exclusive benefits.. There's a problem loading this menu at the moment.. Careers About Us UK Modern Slavery Statement Sell on Amazon Sell on Amazon Business Associates Programme Fulfilment by Amazon Advertise Your Products Independently Publish with Us Amazon Pay Become an Amazon Vendor › See all Amazon Platinum Mastercard Amazon Classic Mastercard Amazon Money Store Gift Cards Amazon Currency Converter Payment Methods Help Shop with Points Top Up Your Account Track Packages or View Orders Delivery Rates & Policies Amazon Prime Returns & Replacements Manage Your Content and Devices Amazon Mobile App Amazon Assistant Help. Australia Brazil Canada China France Germany India Italy Japan Mexico Netherlands Spain United States. Amazon Music Stream millions of songs. AbeBooks Books, art & collectables. ACX Audiobook Publishing Made Easy. Amazon Web Services Scalable Cloud Computing Services. Audible Download Audio Books. Book Depository Books With Free Delivery Worldwide. DPReview Digital Photography. Goodreads Book reviews & recommendations. IMDb Movies, TV & Celebrities. Junglee.com Shop Online in India. Kindle Direct Publishing Indie Digital Publishing Made Easy. Prime Now 2-Hour Delivery on Everyday Essentials. Shopbop Designer Fashion Brands. Yoyo.com A Happy Place To Shop For Toys. Souq.com Shop Online in the Middle East. Warehouse Deals Deep Discounts Open-Box Products. Amazon Business Service for business customers. Whole Foods Market We Believe in Real Food. Conditions of Use & Sale Privacy Notice Cookies & Internet Advertising © 1996-2018, Amazon.com, Inc. 
Our new search experience requires JavaScript to be enabled. Please enable JavaScript on your browser , then try again .. All Categories Antiques Art Baby Books Business & Industrial Cameras & Photo Cell Phones & Accessories Clothing, Shoes & Accessories Coins & Paper Money Collectibles Computers/Tablets & Networking Consumer Electronics Crafts Dolls & Bears DVDs & Movies eBay Motors Entertainment Memorabilia Gift Cards & Coupons Health & Beauty Home & Garden Jewelry & Watches Music Musical Instruments & Gear Pet Supplies Pottery & Glass Real Estate Specialty Services Sporting Goods Sports Mem, Cards & Fan Shop Stamps Tickets & Experiences Toys & Hobbies Travel Video Games & Consoles Everything Else. Hi ( Sign in to bid or buy) Daily Deals Gift Cards Help & Contact Sell. Summary Recently Viewed Bids/Offers Watch List Purchase History Selling Saved Searches Saved Sellers Messages. Refine your search for alcatel pixi 4 4.0. All Listings - Current page. results for alcatel pixi 4 4.0. Save alcatel pixi 4 4.0 to get e-mail alerts and updates on your eBay Feed.. Unfollow alcatel pixi 4 4.0 to stop getting updates on your eBay Feed.. You'll receive email and Feed alerts when new items arrive. Afghanistan - AFG Albania - ALB Algeria - DZA American Samoa - ASM Andorra - AND Angola - AGO Anguilla - AIA Antigua and Barbuda - ATG Argentina - ARG Armenia - ARM Aruba - ABW Australia - AUS Austria - AUT Azerbaijan Republic - AZE Bahamas - BHS Bahrain - BHR Bangladesh - BGD Barbados - BRB Belarus - BLR Belgium - BEL Belize - BLZ Benin - BEN Bermuda - BMU Bhutan - BTN Bolivia - BOL Bosnia and Herzegovina - BIH Botswana - BWA Brazil - BRA British Virgin Islands - VGB Brunei Darussalam - BRN Bulgaria - BGR Burkina Faso - BFA Burma - MMR Burundi - BDI Cambodia - KHM Cameroon - CMR Canada - CAN Cape Verde Islands - CPV Cayman Islands - CYM Central African Republic - CAF Chad - TCD Chile - CHL China - CHN Colombia - COL Comoros - COM Congo, Democratic Republic of the - COD Congo, Republic of the - COG Cook Islands - COK Costa Rica - CRI Cote d Ivoire (Ivory Coast) - CIV Croatia, Republic of - HRV Cyprus - CYP Czech Republic - CZE Denmark - DNK Djibouti - DJI Dominica - DMA Dominican Republic - DOM Ecuador - ECU Egypt - EGY El Salvador - SLV Equatorial Guinea - GNQ Eritrea - ERI Estonia - EST Ethiopia - ETH Falkland Islands (Islas Malvinas) - FLK Fiji - FJI Finland - FIN France - FRA French Guiana - GUF French Polynesia - PYF Gabon Republic - GAB Gambia - GMB Georgia - GEO Germany - DEU Ghana - GHA Gibraltar - GIB Greece - GRC Greenland - GRL Grenada - GRD Guadeloupe - GLP Guam - GUM Guatemala - GTM Guernsey - GGY Guinea - GIN Guinea-Bissau - GNB Guyana - GUY Haiti - HTI Honduras - HND Hong Kong - HKG Hungary - HUN Iceland - ISL India - IND Indonesia - IDN Ireland - IRL Israel - ISR Italy - ITA Jamaica - JAM Japan - JPN Jersey - JEY Jordan - JOR Kazakhstan - KAZ Kenya - KEN Kiribati - KIR Korea, South - KOR Kuwait - KWT Kyrgyzstan - KGZ Laos - LAO Latvia - LVA Lebanon - LBN Liechtenstein - LIE Lithuania - LTU Luxembourg - LUX Macau - MAC Macedonia - MKD Madagascar - MDG Malawi - MWI Malaysia - MYS Maldives - MDV Mali - MLI Malta - MLT Marshall Islands - MHL Martinique - MTQ Mauritania - MRT Mauritius - MUS Mayotte - MYT Mexico - MEX Micronesia - FSM Moldova - MDA Monaco - MCO Mongolia - MNG Montenegro - MNE Montserrat - MSR Morocco - MAR Mozambique - MOZ Namibia - NAM Nauru - NRU Nepal - NPL Netherlands - NLD Netherlands Antilles - ANT New Caledonia - NCL New Zealand - NZL Nicaragua - NIC Niger - NER Nigeria - NGA Niue - NIU Norway - NOR Oman - OMN Pakistan - PAK Palau - PLW Panama - PAN Papua New Guinea - PNG Paraguay - PRY Peru - PER Philippines - PHL Poland - POL Portugal - PRT Puerto Rico - PRI Qatar - QAT Reunion - REU Romania - ROU Russian Federation - RUS Rwanda - RWA Saint Helena - SHN Saint Kitts-Nevis - KNA Saint Lucia - LCA Saint Pierre and Miquelon - SPM Saint Vincent and the Grenadines - VCT San Marino - SMR Saudi Arabia - SAU Senegal - SEN Serbia - SRB Seychelles - SYC Sierra Leone - SLE Singapore - SGP Slovakia - SVK Slovenia - SVN Solomon Islands - SLB Somalia - SOM South Africa - ZAF Spain - ESP Sri Lanka - LKA Suriname - SUR Swaziland - SWZ Sweden - SWE Switzerland - CHE Taiwan - TWN Tajikistan - TJK Tanzania - TZA Thailand - THA Togo - TGO Tonga - TON Trinidad and Tobago - TTO Tunisia - TUN Turkey - TUR Turkmenistan - TKM Turks and Caicos Islands - TCA Tuvalu - TUV Uganda - UGA Ukraine - UKR United Arab Emirates - ARE United Kingdom - UK United States - USA Uruguay - URU Uzbekistan - UZB Vanuatu - VUT Vatican City State - VAT Venezuela - VEN Vietnam - VNM Virgin Islands (U.S) - VIR Wallis and Futuna - WLF Western Sahara - ESH Western Samoa - WSM Yemen - YEM Zambia - ZMB Zimbabwe - ZWE. Transparen Thin Clear Cover Skin Soft TPU Silicone Case For Alcatel Pixi 4 4.0. Retro Wallet Leather Flip Case For Alcatel One Touch Pop C7 Idol 3 POP 3 Pixi 4. 9H Tempered Glass Film Screen Protector For Alcatel Pixi 4 3.5" 4.0" 5.0" 6.0". Cute PU Leather Wallet Bag Case Cover For Alcatel One Touch Pixi 3 Pixi 4 3.5-6". For Alcatel One Touch Pixi 4 4.0 OT4034 4034D 4034A 4034E Soft TPU Cover Case. Tempered Glass Film Screen Protector For Alcatel Pixi 4 3.5" 4.0" 5.0" 5.5" 6.0. For Alcatel One Touch Pixi 4 4.0 OT4034 4034D 4034A Soft Gel Ring Case Cover. For Alcatel One Touch Pixi 4 4.0 Palace PU Leather Buckle Case Cover Flip Wallet. For Alcatel One Touch Pixi 4 4.0 OT4034 4034D Wallet Bag Flip Case Cover Angry. For Alcatel One Touch 4034D Pixi 4 4.0 Wild Crocodile PU Leather Cover Case Flip. New OEM Original Alcatel Onetouch Pixi 4 4.0 OT-4034A OT-4034 TLi015M1 Battery. For Alcatel One Touch Pixi 3 4 3.5 4.0 4.5 5.0 3G 4G U5 Leopard Flip Case Cover. For Alcatel One Touch PIXI 4 4.0" Flip Cover Case Stand Leather PU Card Wallet. Anti-Scratch Screen Protector Tempered Glass Film Protection Cover For Alcatel. For Alcatel One Touch Pixi 4 4.0 OT4034 4034D 4034A 4034E Soft TPU Case Cover. For Alcatel One Touch Pixi 4 4.0 OT4034 4034D 4034A 4034E Soft TPU Cover Case. Alcatel One Touch Pixi 3 / 4 Wallet Case Mobile Phone Flip Cover + Free Stylus. Android Phone Pouch Case For Alcatel Pixi 4 4.0 4034. For ALCATEL One Touch PIXI 3 (4.0") 4013D Genuine Leather Case Cover,4 Colors. For Alcatel One Touch 4034D Pixi 4 4.0 Retro Litchi Grain PU Leather Case Cover. TPU Silicone Cell Phone Protector Cover For Alcatel Pixi 4(4) 4.0 " Flip Case. For Alcatel One Touch Pixi 4 4.0 OT4034 Retro Crocodile Flip Case Cover Wallet. For Alcatel One Touch 4034D Pixi 4 4.0 Crazy Horse PU Leather Cover Case Flip. Sports Bluetooth 4.0 Earphones For alcatel Pixi 2 3 (3.5) (4) (4.5) Cell Phone. For Alcatel One Touch 4034D Pixi 4 4.0 Retro Weave Knit Leather Flip Case Cover. For Alcatel One Touch 4034D Pixi 4 4.0 Crazy Horse PU Leather Flip Case Cover. Good Crocodile Pattern Leather Wallet Phone Case Cover For Alcatel Pixi 4 4.0. For Alcatel One Touch 4034D Pixi 4 4.0 Flip Cover Case Retro Fabric Cloth Stand. For Alcatel One Touch 4034D Pixi 4 4.0 Case Cover Flip Crazy Horse PU Leather. For Alcatel One Touch 4034D Pixi 4 4.0 Retro PU Leather Flip Case Cover Stand. Cell Phone Case Protective in Black For Alcatel OneTouch Pixi 4(4.0 ") @ COFI. Flip Wallet PU Leather Case For Alcatel Cover Coque Phone Bag Cases Card Holders. For Alcatel One Touch Pixi 4 4.0 OT4034 3D Punk Style Rugged Case Cover Flip. Good Crocodile Pattern Leather Wallet Phone Case Cover For Alcatel PIXI 4 (4.0). Banksy Inspired Girl Release Red Balloon Flip Wallet Case Cover. Touch Screen Digitizer Replacement For Alcatel One Touch Pixi 4 4.0 4034. Stylish For Alcatel TPU Soft Rubber Slim Gel Silicone Bumper Skin Case Cover. Fahion Rubber Silicone TPU Cartoon Soft Patterned Case Cover Ptotect For Alcate. 150+ Model Clear Patterned Rubber TPU Skin Silicone Back Protector Case Cover. Patterned Ultra Slim Rubber Soft TPU Silicone Back Case Cover For Nokia Lenovo. For Alcate Cartoon Silicone Customized Fashion Rubber Soft TPU Back Case Cover. Luxury Leather Wallet Cover Skin Book Flip Stand Case For Alcatel Series Phone. Super Flexible Clear TPU Soft Silicone Gel Rubber Slim Case Cover For Alcatel. For Alcatel Silicone Gel Case Soft Gel TPU Rubber Back Protective Cover Skin. Bling Rhinestone cases For Alcatel Wallet PU Leather Cover Filp Stand Phone Bag. Rubber Silicone Protective Soft Luxury Fashion TPU Case Cover For BQ LG Alcatel. Hybrid Cartoon Pattern Rubber Soft TPU Silicone Case Cover Skin For Asus Huawei. Patterned Rubber Soft Silicone TPU Gel Fashion Back Case Cover For BQ LG Alcatel. New Womens Colorful Painted TPU Rubber Soft Silicone Case Cover Skin For Alcatel. Cute Scenery Soft Silicone Protective TPU Case Cover Back Skin For BQ LG Alcatel. 150+ Model Patterned Slim Rubber Silicone TPU Soft Protective Back Case Cover. Patterned Rubber Silicone Soft TPU Case Back Skin Cover For Asus Huawei Samsung. Painting Cases Patterned TPU Rubber Soft Gel Skin Silicone Back Cover 150+ Model. Available For: PIXI 3 4''/4.5''/5'',OneTouch POP Star. Pixi 4 Pop 4 4+ 4s Idol 4 4s 5 A5 LED A3 A7 XL U5 etc. eBay determines this price through a machine learned model of the product's sale prices within the last 90 days.. eBay determines trending price through a machine learned model of the product’s sale prices within the last 90 days. "New" refers to a brand-new, unused, unopened, undamaged item, and "Used" refers to an item that has been used previously.. Top Rated Plus Sellers with highest buyer ratings Returns, money back Ships in a business day with tracking Learn More. Top Rated Plus Sellers with highest buyer ratings Returns, money back Ships in a business day with tracking Learn More. Cell Phones, Smart Watches & Accessories. Cell Phone Cases, Covers & Skins. $ Enter minimum price to $ Enter maximum price. Please enter a minimum and/or maximum price before continuing.. Site Map Copyright © 1995-2018 eBay Inc. Accessibility , User Agreement , Privacy , Cookies and AdChoice Norton Secured - powered by Verisign. Amounts shown in italicized text are for items listed in currency other than U.S. dollars and are approximate conversions to U.S. dollars based upon Bloomberg's conversion rates. For more recent exchange rates, please use the Universal Currency Converter. Number of bids and bid amounts may be slightly out of date. See each listing for international shipping options and costs.. 
Select the department you want to search in. Sign in Account & Lists Sign in Account & Lists Orders Try Prime Cart. Your Amazon.com Today's Deals Gift Cards Registry Sell Help Disability Customer Support. 33-48 of 634 results for "protector alcatel pixi 4 4,5". Reiko Wallet Case for Alcatel Onetouch Pixi 3, 4G, 4.5" - Retail Packaging - Green. Order now and we'll deliver when available.. Exactly fits Alcatel One touch pixel 3, 4G ( 4.5 "), US carrier: AT&T .... ALCATEL Pixi 4 (4.5")Case, Phonelicious [SLIM] Hybrid Bling Rhinestone Hard Sparkle Protector Phone Case Tpu Skin Cover, Screen Protector+ Stylus (BLUE BLING). Only 7 left in stock - order soon.. 10% off purchase of 2 items See Details. Product Features Designed to fit ALCATEL Pixi 4 ( 4.5 '). For Alcatel One Touch Pixi Avion Case LTE / Pixi 4 ( 4.5 ) Case / Alcatel Pixi Bond Case Silicone Rugged Phone Cover Kick Stand LuxGuard Holster + Screen Protector + Stylus (Rainbow Bubble). One Touch Pixi Avion Case LTE / Alcatel Pixi Bond A573VC / Pixi 4 ( 4.5 .... ALCATEL Pixi 4 (4.5") Case, Phonelicious ALCATEL Pixi 4 (4.5") [Slim Fit] [Lightweight] [Shock Proof] Hybrid Hard Protector Cover [See Through] TPU + Screen Protector + Stylus (CLEAR PCTPU). Only 12 left in stock - order soon.. 10% off purchase of 2 items See Details. Product Features Designed to fit ALCATEL Pixi 4 ( 4.5 "). BoxWave Alcatel PIXI 3 (4.5) 4G ClearTouch Anti-Glare Screen Protector (2-Pack) - Alcatel PIXI 3 (4.5) 4G Anti-Glare, Anti-Fingerprint Matte Film Skin to Shield Against Scratches. Phone Case for Walmart Family Mobile Alcatel PIXI 4 (4.5") Prepaid Smartphone, Alcatel PIXI 4 (4.5") Case, Tempered Glass Screen Protector + Metallic Brush Design Dual Layer Cover Case (Pink). Only 4 left in stock - order soon.. Reiko Wallet Case for Alcatel Onetouch Pixi 3, 4G, 4.5" - Retail Packaging - Red. Only 3 left in stock - order soon.. Exactly fits Alcatel One touch pixel 3, 4G ( 4.5 "), US carrier: AT&T .... For Alcatel One Touch Pixi Avion / Pixi Bond / Pixi 4 (4.5) / Streak / Dawn / Ideal / Acquire Case + Tempered Glass / Slim Dual Layer KomBatGuard Phone Cover (Soccer Fire). Reiko Wallet Case for Alcatel Onetouch Pixi 3, 4G, 4.5" - Retail Packaging - Navy. Only 2 left in stock - order soon.. Exactly fits Alcatel One touch pixel 3, 4G ( 4.5 "), US carrier: AT&T .... For Alcatel One Touch Pixi Avion Case LTE / Pixi 4 ( 4.5 ) Case / Alcatel Pixi Bond Case Armor Hybrid Silicone Phone Cover Kick Stand LuxGuard Holster Combo Pack (Black/Black). One Touch Pixi Avion Case LTE / Alcatel Pixi Bond A573VC / Pixi 4 ( 4.5 .... (4-Pack) EZGuardZ Screen Protector for Alcatel OneTouch Pixi 3 4.5 (Ultra Clear). For Alcatel One Touch Pixi Avion Case LTE / Pixi 4 ( 4.5 ) Case / Alcatel Pixi Bond Case Armor Hybrid Silicone Phone Cover Kick Stand LuxGuard Holster Combo Pack (Mad Dog/Black). One Touch Pixi Avion Case LTE / Alcatel Pixi Bond A573VC / Pixi 4 ( 4.5 .... For Alcatel One Touch Pixi Avion Case LTE / Pixi 4 ( 4.5 ) Case / Alcatel Pixi Bond Case Silicone Rugged Phone Cover Kick Stand LuxGuard Holster + Screen Protector + Stylus (Blue Dragon Black). One Touch Pixi Avion Case LTE / Alcatel Pixi Bond A573VC / Pixi 4 ( 4.5 .... For Alcatel One Touch Pixi Avion Case LTE / Pixi 4 ( 4.5 ) Case / Alcatel Pixi Bond Case Silicone Rugged Phone Cover Kick Stand LuxGuard Holster + Screen Protector + Stylus (Orange Koi Fish). One Touch Pixi Avion Case LTE / Alcatel Pixi Bond A573VC / Pixi 4 ( 4.5 .... Alcatel OneTouch Pixi 4 (4.5”) Case, SOGA [Astro Guard Series] Hybrid Armor Cover Protector Case for Alcatel One Touch Pixi 4 (4.5”) - Black Heart / Black. Product Features Design perfectly to fit the Alcatel OneTouch Pixi 4 ( 4.5 ”). For Alcatel One Touch Pixi Avion / Pixi Bond / Pixi 4 (4.5) / Streak / Dawn / Ideal / Acquire Case + Tempered Glass / Slim Dual Layer KomBatGuard Phone Cover (American US Flag). Alcatel One Touch Pixi Avion / Pixi Bond / Pixi 4 ( 4.5 ) / Streak / Dawn .... 4 Stars & Up & Up. 3 Stars & Up & Up. 2 Stars & Up & Up. 1 Star & Up & Up. All customers get FREE Shipping on orders over $25 shipped by Amazon. Cell Phone Cases, Holsters & Clips. There's a problem loading this menu right now.. Get fast, free shipping with Amazon Prime. Prime members enjoy FREE Two-Day Shipping and exclusive access to music, movies, TV shows, original audio series, and Kindle books.. Careers About Amazon Investor Relations Amazon Devices. Sell on Amazon Sell Your Services on Amazon Sell on Amazon Business Sell Your Apps on Amazon Become an Affiliate Advertise Your Products Self-Publish with Us › See all. Amazon Rewards Visa Signature Cards Amazon.com Store Card Amazon.com Corporate Credit Line Shop with Points Credit Card Marketplace Reload Your Balance Amazon Currency Converter. Your Account Your Orders Shipping Rates & Policies Amazon Prime Returns & Replacements Manage Your Content and Devices Amazon Assistant Help. Amazon Music Stream millions of songs. Amazon Drive Cloud storage from Amazon. 6pm Score deals on fashion brands. AbeBooks Books, art & collectibles. ACX Audiobook Publishing Made Easy. Alexa Actionable Analytics for the Web. Amazon Business Everything For Your Business. AmazonFresh Groceries & More Right To Your Door. AmazonGlobal Ship Orders Internationally. Home Services Handpicked Pros Happiness Guarantee. Amazon Inspire Digital Educational Resources. Amazon Rapids Fun stories for kids on the go. Amazon Restaurants Food delivery from local restaurants. Amazon Video Direct Video Distribution Made Easy. Amazon Web Services Scalable Cloud Computing Services. Audible Download Audio Books. AudiobookStand Discount Audiobooks on Disc. Book Depository Books With Free Delivery Worldwide. Box Office Mojo Find Movie Box Office Data. ComiXology Thousands of Digital Comics. CreateSpace Indie Print Publishing Made Easy. DPReview Digital Photography. East Dane Designer Men's Fashion. Fabric Sewing, Quilting & Knitting. Goodreads Book reviews & recommendations. IMDb Movies, TV & Celebrities. IMDbPro Get Info Entertainment Professionals Need. Junglee.com Shop Online in India. Kindle Direct Publishing Indie Digital Publishing Made Easy. Prime Now FREE 2-Hour Delivery on Everyday Items. Prime Photos Unlimited Photo Storage Free With Prime. Shopbop Designer Fashion Brands. TenMarks.com Math Activities for Kids & Schools. Warehouse Deals Open-Box Discounts. Whole Foods Market America’s Healthiest Grocery Store. Withoutabox Submit to Film Festivals. Woot! Deals and Shenanigans. Zappos Shoes & Clothing. Souq.com Shop Online in the Middle East. Subscribe with Amazon Discover & try subscription services. Conditions of Use Privacy Notice Interest-Based Ads © 1996-2018, Amazon.com, Inc. 
We use cookies to provide you with a better service. Carry on browsing if you agree with our cookie policy and find out how to manage cookies .. Your browser does not have JavaScript enabled and therefore may not display all features of this and other websites.. Samsung Galaxy Tab A 2016 10.1. Move from Pay As You Go to Pay Monthly. 4G, O2 Wifi, our network and more. Bill and phone help, O2 Gurus and more. Your bill, account, top up, upgrade. Get the app for exclusive offers. The Pixi4 4" lets you do more. Take pictures in low light, change the cover to suit your mood or share your selfies with Google Photos.. Also available on Pay As You Go. Only available on Pay As You Go. Free delivery via Royal Mail within three working days. Order by midnight for free next working day delivery. This item wasn't added to your basket. Order now and collect in store. Get cash for your old device. Find out more about O2 Recycle.. Already an O2 customer? Sign in to upgrade. Find deals on devices for your company at O2 Business Shop. Check for stock in your nearest store?. See when you can collect this device from your nearest store.. Check delivery page in checkout for more details. Remove the item(s) below to collect the rest of your order {{store.collectSoonAvailabilityMessage}}. At the end of the checkout process, you can book an O2 Guru to help you set up your phone.. You'll need to confirm your click and collect selection at check-out.. Easy to personalise with changeable covers. Take great photos, even in low light. Your phone goes everywhere with you, so it has to look as good as you do. That's why you can personalise your Pixi4 4" with interchangeable covers. So choose your favourite colour, or switch it up every day to keep it fresh. Take perfect selfies, wherever you are. Whether you're singing along at a gig, partying all night at a club or just tucked up in bed watching TV, you can always get the perfect shot. The Pixi4 4" has a flash on the front camera, so your selfies will still look great, even in the dark. And you can get creative with your snaps, with Polaroid software that lets you add effects and make collages.. If you're after a phone that fits neatly in your pocket but is still packed with features, then the Pixi4 4" is for you. You can get browsing or chatting online, all on a phone you can manage with one hand. So it's perfect if you're looking for your first smartphone. And it's even got smart power saving functions, to keep you online for up to 25% longer.. Back your pictures up to Google Photos and you can relax knowing you'll never lose them. You can use Google Photos across your phone, tablet and laptop, so no more hefty email attachments for you. Plus it's unlimited and won't cost you a thing.. Why doesn't this phone come with a charger?. O2 is working to try and reduce waste. And as 70% of people already have a USB charger at home, we've decided to not include one with your phone. If you do need a charger you can add one after choosing your tariff. O2 does not make money from selling the charger separately.. 4GB ROM + 512MB RAM (4034X). Buy the device you want online, and pick it up from your local store. If it's in stock you can collect it the same day, and could even get it in minutes. Collection times could vary depending on stock and staff availability in your chosen store. Check opening times for Christmas collection.. Get exclusive tickets, offers and experiences.. Priority is your VIP pass to all sorts of exclusive treats. From a free coffee every Tuesday to discounts at your favourite restaurants. Try getting tickets to that gig 48 hours before your friends. And then there's your chance to win once-in-a-lifetime experiences.. It's all on Priority and it's only on O2.. Manage your account 24/7 with My O2.. Keep an eye on your bills, data usage and more, plus add Bolt Ons when you need them - wherever you are. You can also make payments and top up your credit as well as manage your upgrades.. We've also got a free app that highlights who you call and text the most by syncing with your contacts.. Get cash for your old phone - we won't be beaten on price.. or visit an O2 store. We've already given our customers over £150 million since we launched in 2009.. If you see a better recycle deal within seven days of your order, we'll match that price.. Open to everyone, no matter what network you're on.. You can send your device to us for free. And we'll pay you the day we get it.. **Text messaging not available on iPads. Each year O2 Refresh Airtime Plan/Pay Monthly tariffs will be adjusted on your April bill by the Retail Price Index (RPI) rate of inflation announced in the preceding February. Includes 24 month Airtime Plan on our Pay Monthly Mobile Agreement and options to pay for your devices on a consumer credit agreement or pay cash upfront. Subject to status, credit check, and payment by Direct Debit. Credit provided by Telefónica UK Limited trading as ‘O2’, 260 Bath Road, Slough, Berks SL1 4DX. In relation to consumer credit, Telefónica UK Limited is authorised and regulated by the Financial Conduct Authority (Reference Number 718822). Terms apply, visit o2.co.uk/termsandconditions .. Upgrade when you want to with O2 Refresh. O2 Refresh separates your Device Plan from your Airtime Plan so you can just pay off the cost of your device when you want to upgrade.. In relation to consumer credit, Telefónica UK Limited is authorised and regulated by the Financial Conduct Authority (Reference Number 718822). 
Our new search experience requires JavaScript to be enabled. Please enable JavaScript on your browser , then try again .. All Categories Antiques Art Baby Books Business & Industrial Cameras & Photo Cell Phones & Accessories Clothing, Shoes & Accessories Coins & Paper Money Collectibles Computers/Tablets & Networking Consumer Electronics Crafts Dolls & Bears DVDs & Movies eBay Motors Entertainment Memorabilia Gift Cards & Coupons Health & Beauty Home & Garden Jewelry & Watches Music Musical Instruments & Gear Pet Supplies Pottery & Glass Real Estate Specialty Services Sporting Goods Sports Mem, Cards & Fan Shop Stamps Tickets & Experiences Toys & Hobbies Travel Video Games & Consoles Everything Else. Hi ( Sign in to bid or buy) Daily Deals Gift Cards Help & Contact Sell. Summary Recently Viewed Bids/Offers Watch List Purchase History Selling Saved Searches Saved Sellers Messages. Refine your search for phone case for alcatel pixi 4 4.5. All Listings - Current page. Quickly compare offers in our new grouped view. results for phone case for alcatel pixi 4 4.5. Save phone case for alcatel pixi 4 4.5 to get e-mail alerts and updates on your eBay Feed.. Unfollow phone case for alcatel pixi 4 4.5 to stop getting updates on your eBay Feed.. You'll receive email and Feed alerts when new items arrive. Afghanistan - AFG Albania - ALB Algeria - DZA American Samoa - ASM Andorra - AND Angola - AGO Anguilla - AIA Antigua and Barbuda - ATG Argentina - ARG Armenia - ARM Aruba - ABW Australia - AUS Austria - AUT Azerbaijan Republic - AZE Bahamas - BHS Bahrain - BHR Bangladesh - BGD Barbados - BRB Belarus - BLR Belgium - BEL Belize - BLZ Benin - BEN Bermuda - BMU Bhutan - BTN Bolivia - BOL Bosnia and Herzegovina - BIH Botswana - BWA Brazil - BRA British Virgin Islands - VGB Brunei Darussalam - BRN Bulgaria - BGR Burkina Faso - BFA Burma - MMR Burundi - BDI Cambodia - KHM Cameroon - CMR Canada - CAN Cape Verde Islands - CPV Cayman Islands - CYM Central African Republic - CAF Chad - TCD Chile - CHL China - CHN Colombia - COL Comoros - COM Congo, Democratic Republic of the - COD Congo, Republic of the - COG Cook Islands - COK Costa Rica - CRI Cote d Ivoire (Ivory Coast) - CIV Croatia, Republic of - HRV Cyprus - CYP Czech Republic - CZE Denmark - DNK Djibouti - DJI Dominica - DMA Dominican Republic - DOM Ecuador - ECU Egypt - EGY El Salvador - SLV Equatorial Guinea - GNQ Eritrea - ERI Estonia - EST Ethiopia - ETH Falkland Islands (Islas Malvinas) - FLK Fiji - FJI Finland - FIN France - FRA French Guiana - GUF French Polynesia - PYF Gabon Republic - GAB Gambia - GMB Georgia - GEO Germany - DEU Ghana - GHA Gibraltar - GIB Greece - GRC Greenland - GRL Grenada - GRD Guadeloupe - GLP Guam - GUM Guatemala - GTM Guernsey - GGY Guinea - GIN Guinea-Bissau - GNB Guyana - GUY Haiti - HTI Honduras - HND Hong Kong - HKG Hungary - HUN Iceland - ISL India - IND Indonesia - IDN Ireland - IRL Israel - ISR Italy - ITA Jamaica - JAM Japan - JPN Jersey - JEY Jordan - JOR Kazakhstan - KAZ Kenya - KEN Kiribati - KIR Korea, South - KOR Kuwait - KWT Kyrgyzstan - KGZ Laos - LAO Latvia - LVA Lebanon - LBN Liechtenstein - LIE Lithuania - LTU Luxembourg - LUX Macau - MAC Macedonia - MKD Madagascar - MDG Malawi - MWI Malaysia - MYS Maldives - MDV Mali - MLI Malta - MLT Marshall Islands - MHL Martinique - MTQ Mauritania - MRT Mauritius - MUS Mayotte - MYT Mexico - MEX Micronesia - FSM Moldova - MDA Monaco - MCO Mongolia - MNG Montenegro - MNE Montserrat - MSR Morocco - MAR Mozambique - MOZ Namibia - NAM Nauru - NRU Nepal - NPL Netherlands - NLD Netherlands Antilles - ANT New Caledonia - NCL New Zealand - NZL Nicaragua - NIC Niger - NER Nigeria - NGA Niue - NIU Norway - NOR Oman - OMN Pakistan - PAK Palau - PLW Panama - PAN Papua New Guinea - PNG Paraguay - PRY Peru - PER Philippines - PHL Poland - POL Portugal - PRT Puerto Rico - PRI Qatar - QAT Reunion - REU Romania - ROU Russian Federation - RUS Rwanda - RWA Saint Helena - SHN Saint Kitts-Nevis - KNA Saint Lucia - LCA Saint Pierre and Miquelon - SPM Saint Vincent and the Grenadines - VCT San Marino - SMR Saudi Arabia - SAU Senegal - SEN Serbia - SRB Seychelles - SYC Sierra Leone - SLE Singapore - SGP Slovakia - SVK Slovenia - SVN Solomon Islands - SLB Somalia - SOM South Africa - ZAF Spain - ESP Sri Lanka - LKA Suriname - SUR Swaziland - SWZ Sweden - SWE Switzerland - CHE Taiwan - TWN Tajikistan - TJK Tanzania - TZA Thailand - THA Togo - TGO Tonga - TON Trinidad and Tobago - TTO Tunisia - TUN Turkey - TUR Turkmenistan - TKM Turks and Caicos Islands - TCA Tuvalu - TUV Uganda - UGA Ukraine - UKR United Arab Emirates - ARE United Kingdom - UK United States - USA Uruguay - URU Uzbekistan - UZB Vanuatu - VUT Vatican City State - VAT Venezuela - VEN Vietnam - VNM Virgin Islands (U.S) - VIR Wallis and Futuna - WLF Western Sahara - ESH Western Samoa - WSM Yemen - YEM Zambia - ZMB Zimbabwe - ZWE. phone case for alcatel pixi 4 4.5 :. For Alcatel PIXI 4 (4.5") Hybrid Chrome Hard Case Brushed Metal Phone Cover. Cute PU Leather Wallet Bag Case Cover For Alcatel One Touch Pixi 3 Pixi 4 3.5-6". For ALCATEL PIXI 4 (4.5") Rugged Hybrid Holster Clip Case Phone Rugged Cover. For Alcatel Pixi 4 (4.5") Hybrid Kickstand Hard Skin Case Rugged Phone Cover. Luxury Black Leather Wallet Phone Case Cover For Various Alcatel Models. Bling Glitter Lip Quicksand goblet Soft Back Phone Dynamic Liquid Case & strap B. Men's Tactical Holster Molle Hip Waist Purse Zipper Phone Case Belt Pouch Bag. For Alcatel Leather Phone Case Bling Crystal Rhinestone Diamond Wallet Cover TYR. Custom-made Glitter Jewelled Bling Crystal Diamonds Soft Phone back Case Cover B. Luxury PU Leather Flip Bling Diamond Wallet Case Girls' Phone Cover & 2 straps X. Fashion Magnetic Wallet Holder flip case cover For Alcatel Mobile Phone. For 4"-6" inch Mobile Phone Waterproof Pouch Shoulder Bag Swiming Dry Case Cover. Dynamic Liquid Glitter Quicksand Soft TPU Phone Back Case Cover & neck strap #1. Bling love heart Ring Holder Glitter Quicksand Soft Phone Case Cover & strap 2. New Magnetic Leather Removable Wallet Flip Phone Case Cover For Alcatel Pixi4. STUFF4 Phone Case for Alcatel Smartphone/Arm our/Armor/Prot ective Cover. STUFF4 Phone Case for Alcatel Smartphone/Abs tract Ombre/Protecti ve Cover. STUFF4 Phone Case for Alcatel Smartphone/The Animals/Protec tive Cover. STUFF4 Phone Case for Alcatel Smartphone/Pur ple Fashion/Protec tive Cover. STUFF4 Phone Case for Alcatel Smartphone/Cam ouflage Army Navy/Protectiv e Cover. 2 new & refurbished from $7.98. STUFF4 Phone Case for Alcatel Smartphone/Dog Breeds/Protect ive Cover. 2 new & refurbished from $7.98. STUFF4 Phone Case for Alcatel Smartphone/Nai l Polish/Make Up/Protective Cover. STUFF4 Phone Case for Alcatel Smartphone/Car bon Fibre Effect/Pattern /Cover. STUFF4 Phone Case for Alcatel Smartphone/Ani mal Stitch Effect/Protect ive Cover. STUFF4 Phone Case for Alcatel Smartphone/Spa ce/Cosmos/Prot ective Cover. 3D Cartoon Minnie Mickey New Wallet Flip PU Leather Phone Case Cover For Alcatel. For Alcatel Leather Phone Case Bling Crystal Rhinestone Diamond Wallet Cover TY. Soft Silicone 3D Squishy bear Fundas back Case Phone Cover for Google Alcatel. Bling Glitter Quicksand Hourglass Soft Back Phone Dynamic Cover Case & strap B. STUFF4 Phone Case for Alcatel Smartphone/Vid eo Games Console/Protec tive Cover. 2 new & refurbished from $7.98. STUFF4 Phone Case for Alcatel Smartphone/VW Camper Van/Protective Cover. 2 new & refurbished from $7.98. STUFF4 Phone Case for Alcatel Smartphone/Mon o Zoo Animals/Protec tive Cover. 2 new & refurbished from $7.98. STUFF4 Phone Case for Alcatel Smartphone/Sym metry Pattern/Protec tive Cover. STUFF4 Phone Case for Alcatel Smartphone/Hen na Tattoo/Protect ive Cover. STUFF4 Phone Case for Alcatel Smartphone/Flo ral Garden Flowers/Protec tive Cover. STUFF4 Phone Case for Alcatel Smartphone/Cut e Kawaii/Protect ive Cover. STUFF4 Phone Case for Alcatel Smartphone/Eur opean Flag/Protectiv e Cover. STUFF4 Phone Case for Alcatel Smartphone/Sun set Scenery/Protec tive Cover. STUFF4 Phone Case for Alcatel Smartphone/Col ours/Protectiv e Cover. 2 new & refurbished from $7.98. STUFF4 Phone Case for Alcatel Smartphone/Mar ble Rock Granite Effect/Cover. STUFF4 Phone Case for Alcatel Smartphone/Cam era/Protective Cover. STUFF4 Phone Case for Alcatel Smartphone/Gui tar/Protective Cover. STUFF4 Phone Case for Alcatel Smartphone/Ani mal Fur Effect/Pattern /Cover. STUFF4 Phone Case for Alcatel Smartphone/Pol ka Dot Pattern/Protec tive Cover. STUFF4 Phone Case for Alcatel Smartphone/Leo pard Animal Skin/Print/Cov er. STUFF4 Phone Case for Alcatel Smartphone/Foo tball Nations/Protec tive Cover. STUFF4 Phone Case for Alcatel Smartphone/Mon sters/Protecti ve Cover. 2 new & refurbished from $7.98. STUFF4 Phone Case for Alcatel Smartphone/Gam er/Xbox One/Protective Cover. eBay determines this price through a machine learned model of the product's sale prices within the last 90 days.. eBay determines trending price through a machine learned model of the product’s sale prices within the last 90 days. "New" refers to a brand-new, unused, unopened, undamaged item, and "Used" refers to an item that has been used previously.. Top Rated Plus Sellers with highest buyer ratings Returns, money back Ships in a business day with tracking Learn More. Top Rated Plus Sellers with highest buyer ratings Returns, money back Ships in a business day with tracking Learn More. Cell Phones, Smart Watches & Accessories. Cell Phone Cases, Covers & Skins. $ Enter minimum price to $ Enter maximum price. Please enter a minimum and/or maximum price before continuing.. Site Map Copyright © 1995-2018 eBay Inc. Accessibility , User Agreement , Privacy , Cookies and AdChoice Norton Secured - powered by Verisign. Number of bids and bid amounts may be slightly out of date. See each listing for international shipping options and costs.. 
4,008,428 deals compared today!. Samsung Galaxy S9 Plus Coral Blue. Samsung Galaxy S9 Plus Midnight Black. Samsung Galaxy S9 Plus Lilac Purple. Please refresh page for latest deals. If you are wondering how people are getting on with their Alcatel Pixi 4 4 then have a quick read of these user reviews and ratings.. If you already own a Alcatel. Pixi 4 4 then please help others by leaving a quick rating and review below.. Have you used the Alcatel Pixi 4 4? Please take a moment to send us your review. This will help others decide if it is their ideal phone.. Alcatel lifts the lid on new PIXI 3 smartphones – ‘compatible’ with Firefox OS, Windows Phone, and Android!. Alcatel OneTouch has just lifted the lid on an affordable series of smartphones called the “PIXI 3” series. Entry-level smartphones are a dime a dozen these days, so what makes this series so special? What edge do they have over everybody else? The smartphones are “compatible” with Mozilla’s Firefox OS, Microsoft’s Windows Phone, and Google’s […]. Alcatel lifts the lid on OneTouch Watch – runs mystery OS. It looks like Alcatel OneTouch wants to slug it out in the smatwatch market, as the company has just lifted the lid on the OneTouch Watch. Press release: WATCH: ALCATEL ONETOUCH Unveils a Full Line of Premium-Design Smartwatches — Affordable and for All Uses Slim, premium smartwatches that offer different styles to suit everyone Packed […]. Here’s the complete list of Android One partners. Google has just lifted the lid on three entry-level smartphones under its new Android One program. These are the Karbonn Sparkle V, Spice Android One Dream UNO Mi-498, and Micromax Canvas A1, meaning Karbonn, Spice, and Micromax are Google’s partners under the program. Now we know that there are more manufacturers who have signed up […]. Mozilla Firefox OS expanding in Europe. Mozilla has just announced that its Firefox OS (operating system that runs the Alcatel Onetouch) will be expanding in Europe. Expansion in Europe Deutsche Telekom will be the first operator to sell the new ALCATEL ONETOUCH Fire E phones, available in Germany this week through congstar. In the coming months, Deutsche Telekom will also launch […]. LTE Alcatel OneTouch (OT) POP S3 is Cheapest 4G Android Smart Phone. Looking to give the hugely popular Motorola MOTO G a run for its money, EE have released the new 4G enabled Alcatel One Touch POP S3 smart phone which offers the same 5 mega pixel camera and the same speed quad-core 1.2GHz processor but at a cheaper price! Alcatel OT POP S3 – Cheapest 4G […]. Our price comparison service is free to use, we fund our service by being compensated by our retail partners for successful purchases.. Data for our comparison service is supplied by our retail partners and updated every two hours, please always check the deal information on the retailers website for any changes between updates before placing your order.. 
Home › Alcatel › Pixi 4 (4) Alcatel Pixi 4 (4) - Specifications. Most recent comparisons including Alcatel Pixi 4 (4) List of the latest comparisons made by the website visitors, which include Alcatel Pixi 4 (4) Last viewed devices List of mobile devices, whose specifications have been recently viewed.. Width Height Thickness Weight Write a review. Specifications Display Camera CPU Battery SAR. Dimensions : 64.4 x 121.3 x 9.7 mm Weight : 110 g SoC : MediaTek MT6580M CPU : ARM Cortex-A7, 1300 MHz, Cores : 4 GPU : ARM Mali-400 MP2, 416 MHz, Cores : 2 RAM : 512 MB, 1 GB, 533 MHz Storage : 4 GB, 8 GB Memory cards : microSD, microSDHC Display : 4 in, TFT, 480 x 800 pixels, 24 bit Battery : 1500 mAh, Li-Ion OS : Android 6.0 Marshmallow Camera : 2592 x 1944 pixels, 1920 x 1080 pixels, 30 fps SIM card : Micro-SIM Wi-Fi : b, g, n, Wi-Fi Hotspot, Wi-Fi Direct USB : 2.0, Micro USB Bluetooth : 4.0 Positioning : GPS, A-GPS. Brand and model Information about the brand, model and model alias (if any) of a specific device. Brand Alcatel Model Pixi 4 (4) Model alias 4034D 4034X Design Information about the dimensions and weight of the device, shown in different measurement units. Width 64.4 mm (millimeters) 6.44 cm (centimeters) 0.21 ft (feet) 2.54 in (inches) Height 121.3 mm (millimeters) 12.13 cm (centimeters) 0.4 ft (feet) 4.78 in (inches) Thickness 9.7 mm (millimeters) 0.97 cm (centimeters) 0.03 ft (feet) 0.38 in (inches) Weight 110 g (grams) 0.24 lbs (pounds) 3.88 oz (ounces) Volume 75.77 cm³ (cubic centimeters) 4.6 in³ (cubic inches) Colors Black White Silver Red Pink Orange Yellow Blue Green Gold Gray Body materials Plastic SIM card The Subscriber Identity Module (SIM) is used in mobile devices for storing data authenticating the subscribers of mobile services. SIM card type Micro-SIM (3FF - third form factor, since 2003, 15.00 x 12.00 x 0.76 mm) Number of SIM cards 1 Features Dual SIM optional (A variant of the model with two SIM card slots is available) Networks A mobile (cellular) network is a radio system, which allows a large number of mobile devices to communicate with each other. GSM GSM 850 MHz GSM 900 MHz GSM 1800 MHz GSM 1900 MHz UMTS UMTS 850 MHz UMTS 900 MHz UMTS 1900 MHz UMTS 2100 MHz Mobile network technologies and bandwidth Communication between devices within mobile networks is realized via various generations of network technologies, which provide different bandwidth. Mobile network technologies UMTS (384 kbit/s ) EDGE GPRS HSPA+ (HSUPA 5.76 Mbit/s , HSDPA 21 Mbit/s ) Operating system Operating system is the system software, which manages and controls the functioning of the hardware components of the device. Operating system (OS) Android 6.0 Marshmallow System on Chip (SoC) A system on a chip (SoC) includes into a single chip some of the main hardware components of the mobile device. SoC MediaTek MT6580M Process technology 28 nm (nanometers) CPU ARM Cortex-A7 CPU bits 32 bit Instruction set ARMv7 Level 1 cache memory (L1) 32 KB + 32 KB (kilobytes) Level 2 cache memory (L2) 512 KB (kilobytes) 0.5 MB (megabytes) CPU cores 4 CPU frequency 1300 MHz (megahertz) GPU ARM Mali-400 MP2 GPU cores 2 GPU frequency 416 MHz (megahertz) RAM capacity 512 MB (megabytes) 1 GB (gigabytes) RAM type LPDDR3 RAM channels Single channel RAM frequency 533 MHz (megahertz) Storage Every mobile device has a built-in storage (internal memory) with a fixed capacity. Storage 4 GB (gigabytes) 8 GB (gigabytes) Memory cards Memory cards are used in mobile devices for expanding their external storage capacity. Types microSD microSDHC Display The display of a mobile device is characterized by its technology, resolution, pixel density, diagonal length, color depth, etc. Type/technology TFT Diagonal size 4 in (inches) 101.6 mm (millimeters) 10.16 cm (centimeters) Width 2.06 in (inches) 52.27 mm (millimeters) 5.23 cm (centimeters) Height 3.43 in (inches) 87.12 mm (millimeters) 8.71 cm (centimeters) Aspect ratio 1.667:1 5:3 Resolution 480 x 800 pixels Pixel density 233 ppi (pixels per inch) 91 ppcm (pixels per centimeter) Color depth 24 bit 16777216 colors Display area 58.49 % (percent) Other features Capacitive Multi-touch Sensors Different sensors measure different physical quantities and convert them into signals recognizable by the mobile device. Sensors Accelerometer Primary camera The primary camera of the mobile device is usually placed at its back and is used for taking photos and recording videos. Sensor type CMOS (complementary metal-oxide semiconductor) Flash type LED Image resolution 2592 x 1944 pixels 5.04 MP (megapixels) Video resolution 1920 x 1080 pixels 2.07 MP (megapixels) Video FPS 30 fps (frames per second) Features Geotagging Panorama HDR 2 MP - market dependent Secondary camera Secondary cameras are placed above the screen of the device and are usually used for video calls, gesture recognition, etc. Flash type LED Image resolution 1600 x 1200 pixels 1.92 MP (megapixels) 0.3 MP - market dependent Audio Information about the type of speakers and the audio technologies supported by the device. Speaker Loudspeaker Earpiece Radio The radio in a mobile device is a built-in FM radio receiver. Radio Yes RDS Tracking/Positioning Information about the positioning and navigation technologies supported by the device. Tracking/Positioning GPS A-GPS Wi-Fi Wi-Fi is a technology that provides wireless data connections between various devices within a short range. Wi-Fi 802.11b (IEEE 802.11b-1999) 802.11g (IEEE 802.11g-2003) 802.11n (IEEE 802.11n-2009) Wi-Fi Hotspot Wi-Fi Direct Bluetooth Bluetooth is a standard for secure wireless data transfer between different types of devices over short distances. Version 4.0 Features A2DP (Advanced Audio Distribution Profile) USB The Universal Serial Bus (USB) is an industry standard that allows different electronic devices to exchange data. Connector type Micro USB Version 2.0 Features Charging Mass storage Headphone jack The headphone jack is an audio phone connector, a.k.a. The most widely used one in mobile devices is the 3.5 mm headphone jack. Headphone jack Yes Connectivity Information about other important connectivity technologies supported by the devices. Connectivity Computer sync OTA sync Tethering Browser A web browser is a software application for accessing, fetching, displaying and navigating through information on the World Wide Web. Browser HTML HTML5 CSS 3 Audio file formats/codecs Mobile devices support various audio file formats and codecs, which respectively store and code/decode digital audio data. Audio file formats/codecs AAC (Advanced Audio Coding) eAAC+ / aacPlus v2 / HE-AAC v2 MIDI MP3 (MPEG-2 Audio Layer II, .mp3) WMA (Windows Media Audio, .wma) WAV (Waveform Audio File Format, .wav, .wave) Video file formats/codecs Mobile devices support various video file formats and codecs, which respectively store and code/decode digital video data. Video file formats/codecs 3GPP (3rd Generation Partnership Project, .3gp) AVI (Audio Video Interleaved, .avi) H.263 H.264 / MPEG-4 Part 10 / AVC video MPEG-4 VP8 Battery The batteries of mobile devices differ in capacity and technology. They provide the electrical charge needed for the functioning of the devices. Capacity 1500 mAh (milliampere-hours) Type Li-Ion 2G talk time 10 h (hours) 600 min (minutes) 0.4 days 2G stand-by time 520 h (hours) 31200 min (minutes) 21.7 days 3G talk time 8 h (hours) 480 min (minutes) 0.3 days 3G stand-by time 500 h (hours) 30000 min (minutes) 20.8 days Features Removable Specific Absorption Rate (SAR) The SAR rating shows the amount of electromagnetic radiation absorbed by the human body when using a mobile device, expressed in W/kg. Head SAR (EU) 0.917 W/kg (watts per kilogram) Body SAR (EU) 0.793 W/kg (watts per kilogram). Brand name of the company that manufactures the device.. Аlternative names, under which the model is known.. the horizontal side of the device when it is used in its standard orientation.. the vertical side of the device when it is used in its standard orientation.. Information about the thickness/depth of the device in different measurement units.. Information about the weight of the device in different measurement units.. Estimated volume of the device, calculated from the dimensions provided by the manufacturer. Applies for devices in the form of a rectangular parallelepiped.. Information about the colors, in which the device is available in the market.. Materials used in the fabrication of the device's body.. Information about the type and size (form factor) of the SIM card used in the device.. Information about the number of SIM cards, supported by the device.. Information about some specific features related to the SIM card(s) of the device.. GSM (Global System for Mobile Communications) was developed to replace the analog cellular network (1G), therefore it is referred to as a 2G mobile network. It has been improved with the addition of General Packet Radio Services (GPRS) and later via the Enhanced Data rates for GSM Evolution (EDGE) technology.. UMTS stands for Universal Mobile Telecommunications System. Based on the GSM standard, it is deemed as a 3G mobile network standard. It has been developed by the 3GPP and its major advantage is the provision of greater bandwidth and spectral efficiency, due to the W-CDMA technology.. There are several network technologies that enhance the performance of mobile networks mainly by increased data bandwidth. Information about the communication technologies supported by the device and their respective uplink and downlink bandwidth.. Information about the operating system used by the device as well as its version.. The SoC integrates different hardware components such as the CPU, GPU, memory, peripherals, interfaces, etc., as well as software for their functioning.. Information about the process technology used in manufacturing the chip. The value in nanometers represents half the distance between elements that make up the CPU.. CPU is the Central Processing Unit or the processor of a mobile device. Its main function is to interpret and execute instructions contained in software applications.. The CPU bits are determined by the bit-size of the processor registers, address buses and data buses. 64-bit CPUs provide better performance than 32-bit ones, which on their part perform better than 16-bit processors.. The instruction set architecture (ISA) is a set of commands used by the software to manage the CPU's work. Information about the set of instructions the processor can execute.. The cache memory is used by the processor in order to shorten the time needed to access data and instructions that a frequently used. The L1 (level 1) cache memory has a small volume, but operates faster than the RAM and the rest cache memory levels. If the processor does not find the data needed in L1, it continues to look for it in the L2 cache memory. In some processors the search in L1 and L2 is simultaneous.. The L2 (level 2) cache memory is slower than L1, but has a larger capacity, instead, which allows it to cache more data. Just like L1, it is much faster than the system memory (RAM). If the CPU does not find the data needed in L2, it proceeds to look for them in the L3 cache memory (if there is such) or in the RAM.. A CPU core is the processor unit, which executes software instructions. Presently, besides single-core processors, there are dual-core, quad-core, hexa-core and so on multi-core processors. They increase the performance of the device allowing the execution of multiple instructions in parallel.. The frequency of the processor describes its clock rate in cycles per second. It is measured in Megahertz (MHz) or Gigahertz (GHz).. GPU is a graphical processing unit, which handles computation for 2D/3D graphics applications. In mobile devices GPU is usually utilized by games, UI, video playback, etc. GPU can also perform computation in applications traditionally handled by the CPU.. Similar to the CPU, the GPU consists of processing units called cores. They handle the computation of graphics in various applications.. The frequency is the clock rate of the graphic processor (GPU), which is measured in Megahertz (MHz) or Gigahertz (GHz).. RAM (Random-Access Memory) is used by the operating system and all installed applications. Data in the RAM is lost after the device is turned off or restarted.. Information about the type of RAM used by the device.. Information about the number of RAM channels integrated in the SoC. More channels mean higher data transfer rates.. RAM frequency relates directly to the rate of reading/writing from/in the RAM memory.. Information about the capacity of the built-in storage of the device. Sometimes one and the same model may is offered in variants with different internal storage capacity.. The various types of memory cards are characterized by different sizes and capacity. Information about the supported types of memory cards.. One of the main characteristics of the display is its type/technology, on which depends its performance.. In mobile devices display size is represented by the length of its diagonal measured in inches.. The ratio between the long and the short side of the display. The display resolution shows the number of pixels on the horizontal and vertical side of the screen. The higher the resolution is, the greater the detail of the displayed content.. Information about the number of pixels per centimeter (ppcm) or per inch (ppi) of the display. The higher the pixel density, the more detailed and clearer is the information displayed on the screen.. The color depth of the display is also known as bit depth. It shows the number of bits used for the color components of one pixel. Information about the maximum number of colors the screen can display.. The estimated percentage of the screen area from the device's front area.. Information about other functions and features of the display.. Sensors vary in type and purpose. They increase the overall functionality of the device, in which they are integrated.. Digital cameras use image sensors for taking photos. The sensor characteristics are some of the main factors determining the quality of the camera integrated in the mobile device.. Cameras of mobile devices use mainly a LED or a Xenon flash. The LED flash has a softer burst of light and in contrast to the much brighter Xenon flash, is used for recording videos as well.. One of the main characteristics of the cameras of mobile devices is their resolution, which shows the number of pixels on the horizontal and vertical dimensions of the image.. Information about the maximum resolution available for shooting a video with the device.. Information about the maximum number of frames per second (fps), supported by the device while recording a video at maximum resolution. Some of the main standard frame rates for recording and playing video are 24p, 25p, 30p, 60p.. Information about additional software and hardware features of the privamery camera, which improve its overall performance.. Cameras of mobile devices use mainly a LED or a Xenon flash. The LED flash has a softer burst of light and in contrast to the much brighter Xenon flash, is used for recording videos as well.. Information about the maximum image resolution of the secondary camera. Often, the resolution of the secondary camera is lower than the one of the primary camera.. The loudspeaker is a device, which reproduces various sounds such as ring tones, alarms, music, voice calls, etc. Information about the type of speakers the device uses.. Information whether the device has an FM radio receiver or not.. The tracking/positioning service is provided by various satellite navigation systems, which track the autonomous geo-spatial positioning of the device that supports them. The most common satellite navigation systems are the GPS and the GLONASS. There are also non-satellite technologies for locating mobile devices such as the Enhanced Observed Time Difference, Enhanced 911, GSM Cell ID.. Wi-Fi communication between devices is realized via the IEEE 802.11 standards. Some devices have the possibility to serve as Wi-Fi Hotspots by providing internet access for other nearby devices. Wi-Fi Direct (Wi-Fi P2P) is another useful standard that allows devices to communicate with each other without the need for wireless access point (WAP).. The technology has several versions, which improve the connection speed, range, connectivity and discoverability of the devices. Information about the Bluetooth version of the device.. Bluetooth uses various profiles and protocols related to faster exchange of data, energy saving, better device discoverability, etc. Some of those supported by the device are listed here.. There are several USB connector types: the Standard one, the Mini and Micro connectors, On-The-Go connectors, etc. Type of the USB connector used by the device.. There are several versions of the Universal Serial Bus (USB) standard: USB 1.0 (1996), the USB 2.0 (2000), the USB 3.0 (2008), etc. With each following version the rate of data transfer is increased.. Тhe USB interface in mobile devices may be used for different purposes such as battery charging, using the device as a mass storage, host, etc.. Information whether the device is equipped with a 3.5 mm audio jack.. Information about some of the most widely used connectivity technologies supported by the device.. Information about some of the features and standards supported by the browser of the device.. List of some of the most common audio file formats and codecs supported standardly by the device.. List of some of the most common video file formats and codecs supported standardly by the device.. The capacity of a battery shows the maximum charge, which it can store, measured in mili-Ampere hours.. The battery type is determined by its structure and more specifically, by the chemicals used in it. There are different battery types and some of the most commonly used in mobile devices are the lithium-ion (Li-Ion) and the lithium-ion polymer battery (Li-Polymer).. 2G talk time is the time period a battery charge will last, if one is constantly talking on the phone in a 2G cellular network.. 2G stand-by time is the longest time a battery charge will last, if the device is not used but is constantly connected to the 2G cellular network.. 3G talk time is the time period a battery charge will last, if one is constantly talking on the phone in a 3G cellular network.. 3G stand-by time is the longest time a battery charge will last, if the device is not used but is constantly connected to the 3G mobile network.. Information about some additional features of the device's battery.. The SAR head rating shows the highest level of exposure to electromagnetic radiation measured when the device is held next to the ear in a talk position. In Europe, the SAR limit for hand-held mobile devices is set to 2 W/kg per 10 g of tissue. This standard is specified by the CENELEC, complies with the IEC standards and follows the ICNIRP Guidelines 1998.. This SAR rating shows the highest level of exposure to electromagnetic radiation measured when the device is placed at the hip level. The top SAR value for mobile devices used in Europe is limited to 2 W/kg per 10 g of tissue. This standard follows the ICNIRP Guidelines 1998 as well as the IEC standards and is determined by the CENELEC.. Provide information about, which of the published data you want to be edited as well as a reliable source, which confirms the accuracy of the information you suggest *. Enter the characters from the image: *. Dimensions : 64.4 x 121.3 x 9.7 mm Weight : 110 g SoC : MediaTek MT6580M CPU : ARM Cortex-A7, 1300 MHz, Cores : 4 GPU : ARM Mali-400 MP2, 416 MHz RAM : 512 MB, 1 GB, 533 MHz Storage : 4 GB, 8 GB Display : 4 in, TFT, 480 x 800 pixels, 24 bit Battery : 1500 mAh, Li-Ion OS : Android 6.0 Marshmallow Camera : 2592 x 1944 pixels, 1920 x 1080 pixels, 30 fps. The information on this website is provided on "as is, as available basis" without warranty of any kind. DeviceSpecifications is not responsible for any omissions, inaccuracies or other errors in the information it publishes. All warranties with respect to this information are disclaimed. Reproduction of any part of this website in its entirety or partially or in any form or medium without prior written permission is prohibited. The trademarks, marques and logos of the manufacturers of devices, software, hardware, etc. are the property of their respective owners.. 
Home All Brands Top 10 Mobile Phones Latest News Latest Mobiles Phones Upcoming Mobiles Phones Model Finder Technology Blog. Alcatel Pixi 4 (4) - Review, Video Review, Unboxing Demo. Mobile Network Support and Band Device Body Design and Display Device Hardware and Operating System Device Photography and Video Memory and Entertainment Features Internet and Data Communication Inside Alcatel Pixi 4 (4) Box (Box Contents) Alcatel One Touch PIXI 4 (4) Handset Battery 1500 mAh Charger 3.5 mm Headset USB Data Cable Quick User Guide Warrant Card. Alcatel Pixi 4 (4) was officially announced in January 2016, Device released in May 2016 Alcatel Pixi 4 (4) made under One Touch.. Alcatel Pixi 4 (4) have Micro-SIM Card Slots,Alcatel Pixi 4 (4) support all GSM Based network providers. Alcatel Pixi 4 (4) mobile device support 2G Band Frequency at GSM 850,GSM 900,GSM 1800,GSM 1900 and Hight Speed 3G Network Band at HSDPA 850,HSDPA 900,HSDPA 1900,HSDPA 2100,comes with network handling support with Network settings and work offline with flight Mode.. Alcatel Pixi 4 (4) is a Candybar, Touch device and it have device dimension with 121 x 64 x 10 mm, Exactly 121.3 x 64.4 x 9.7 mm. Phone weight including the Battery 146g, (Unofficial). Alcatel Pixi 4 (4) display enhanced with TFT capacitive touchscreen capable to display 16M Colors at ~233 ppi Pixel Density. Display Resolution of this phone is 480 x 800 pixels (WVGA) compact with the 4 Inch display with Mode.Device has Loudspeaker to amplify music playback and tones,. Alcatel Pixi 4 (4) equipped for Android 6.0 (Marshmallow) Operating System, Device hardware empoweredby MediaTek, MT6580M Chipsetand Quad Core Processor, Cortex-A57 Processor handle manipulate tasks,at the speed of 1.3 GHz.device have 1 GB, And 512 MB RAM RAM.Alcatel Pixi 4 (4) have internal storage 8 GB,4 GB.memory can upgrade Upto 32 GB with MicroSD.Alcatel Pixi 4 (4) have 5.0 MP Cameraand there is no Camera Flashand 2.0 MP Secondary front Camera.. Alcatel Pixi 4 (4) 5.0 MP and Photo output come at 5.0 MP, 2592 x 1944 Pixels (Optional 2MP) Resolution in size camera help us to catch our favorite movements at Photographs and Videos Medium quality.Photo as includes date tagging and GPS based Geo Tagging.VideoVideo Recording at 1080p 30 FPSquality. Camera has powerful Digital Zoom digital zoom help us to focus objects very clear. Autofocus,Touch focus,Self timer,Face Detection,Smile detection,Scene Modes,HDR,Face Beauty features also help us to take more precious photos for our daily use.Camera has powerful With digital zoom help us to focus objects very clear. Alcatel Pixi 4 (4) have secondary front camera With and takes high quality photos as well Enhanced Camera features like TV Output helps to connect our device directly through LED, LCD TV through Alcatel Pixi 4 (4).Alcatel Pixi 4 (4) have Sweep Panorama to take pictures around you.. Alcatel Pixi 4 (4) Supports major auto Formats WAV,AAC,AMR,MP3,M4A,WMA,MIDI,FLAC,APE,OGG,AAC+,MP2 and video Formats 3GP,MP4,xVID,AVI,MKV,H.264,H.263, device haveMini headphone headphone jackAlcatel Pixi 4 (4) have internal storage 8 GB,4 GB help to storage enough data of music and video files.expendable memory can upgrade Upto 32 GB with MicroSD Memory Card.Alcatel Pixi 4 (4) supports Stereo FM Radio along with FM Recording feature.Device have the power to playback musics Up to 12 Hrs through standard Media Player.able to play videos Up to 3 Hrs. Alcatel Pixi 4 (4) Supports 2G Transfersand 3G TransfersData Transfer with GPRS and with EDGE.Data communication speed through HSUPA 5.76 Mbps,HSDPA 21 Mbps,HSPA plus,Data connection also through Wi-Fi 802.11 b/g/n, Wi-Fi Direct.Wi-Fi supports dual band Hotspot support to share internet connection through Alcatel Pixi 4 (4). Device support to browse web pages through with Android Browser, which supports you to browse HTML,HTML5 web pages.browser also supports Adobe Flash. Personal data transfers through Bluetooth 4.0, With A2DP Device comes with Google Maps which helps to view mapsand locate our location through GPS Tracking help us for Navigation or Direction. Device supports messaging features SMS,MMS,Email,Push Mail,IM,Hangouts.. » Full Specifications » User Opinions & Review » Compare » Pictures » 360° View » Related Phones » Review » Related News » User Manual » Photo Quality » Video Quality Tweet Popularity and Rating Rate this Mobile Phone Design. 0 1 2 3 4 5 Features. 0 1 2 3 4 5 Performance. 0 1 2 3 4 5. Categories » 4G VoLTE Mobiles » Apple iOS Mobiles » Android 4G » Dual Camera Phone » Dual Sim Mobiles » Android Smartphone » Dual OS Smartphone » Android Dual Sim » Android One » Android CDMA » Tablet » Android Tablet » Windows 4G » Windows Mobiles » Windows Tablet » Smartphone » CDMA Phone » GSM & CDMA Phone » Dual OS Tablets » Dual SIM Qwerty » Ubuntu Tablet » Ubuntu Mobiles » Basic Dual Sim » Basic Phone » Qwerty Phones » Touch & Type » Triple Sim Mobile » Slide phones » Android Camera Top Brands » Samsung » Apple » Nokia » Google » Lenovo » Motorola » BlackBerry » Huawei » HTC » Alcatel » OnePlus » LG » Asus » Xiaomi » ZTE » Micromax » Oppo » Karbonn » Vivo » Acer » Intex » BLU » Gionee » Vodafone » Lava » All Brands. LG V30S+ ThinQ LG V30S ThinQ ZTE Blade V9 Vita Nokia 7 Plus Nokia 8 Sirocco Nokia 1 Samsung Galaxy S9+ SM-G965 Samsung Galaxy S9 SM-G960. LG V30S+ ThinQ LG V30S ThinQ ZTE Blade V9 Vita Nokia 7 Plus. Alcatel Pixi 4 (4) Announced February 2018, weight 158g, 6” OLED Capacitive Touch Screen, 16 MP Camera, Bluetooth 5.0,Wi-Fi Price in February 2018 View Full Specifications | Unboxing Pictures | Manual Download | 360 View. Alcatel Pixi 4 (4) Announced February 2018, weight 158g, 6” OLED Capacitive Touch Screen, 16 MP Camera, Bluetooth 5.0,Wi-Fi Price in February 2018 View Full Specifications | Unboxing Pictures | Manual Download | 360 View. Alcatel Pixi 4 (4) Announced February 2018, weight 145g, 5.45” IPS LCD Capacitive TouchScreen, 13 MP Camera, Bluetooth 4.1,Wi-Fi Price in February 2018 View Full Specifications | Unboxing Pictures | Manual Download | 360 View. Alcatel Pixi 4 (4) Announced February 2018, weight 155g, 6” IPS LCD Capacitive TouchScreen, 12 MP Camera, Bluetooth 5.0,Wi-Fi Price in February 2018 View Full Specifications | Unboxing Pictures | Manual Download | 360 View. » Specifications » 360° View » Pictures » Photo Quality. Home | Privacy Policy. 
Hi! Get more out of Walmart.com. Stretch your tax refund FREE Grocery Pickup See All Departments. Reorder Items Pickup Today Track Order Your Account Store Finder. Shop Electronics Smart Home Wearable Tech Cameras & Camcorders Walmart for Business Video Games. Shop all TV & Video TVs DVD & Blu-ray Players Home Audio & Theater TV Accessories. Shop all Cell Phones Straight Talk Phones Unlocked Phones Contract Phones No-Contract Phones Prepaid Minutes & Data Cases & Accessories. Shop all iPad & Tablets iPad Windows Tablets Android Tablets Accessories. Shop all Computers Laptops Desktops PC Gaming Printers & Supplies Networking Software Monitors Accessories. Shop all Auto Electronics GPS & Navigation. Shop all Portable Audio iPod & MP3 Players Headphones Speakers & Docks. Shop all Office Supplies Office Electronics School Supplies. Star Wars Marvel: Avengers Musical Instruments Computer Software. Shop all Movies & TV 2-Day Shipping Action & Adventure Blu-ray Discs Boxed Sets Children & Family Instawatch Movie DVDs New Releases Preorders TV Shows. Shop all Music 2-Day Shipping Music Gift Cards Country Music Soundtracks Vinyl New Releases Pop R&B / Soul Rock Top 100 CDs. Shop all Books Deals in books Preorders New Releases Biographies & Memoirs Children's Books Christian Books & Bibles Cookbooks, Food & Wine Comics & Graphic Novels Crafts & Hobbies Humor Literature & Fiction Health and Wellness Teen & Young Adult. Shop all Shop By Room Living Room Bedroom Bathroom Dining Room Kitchen Kids' Room Teens' Room Patio Entryway Office. Shop all Shop By Category Appliances Bath Bedding Furniture Home Decor Kids’ Bedding Kids’ Furniture Kitchen & Dining Lighting Mattresses Patio & Garden Rugs Storage & Organization Vacuums & Floor Care Window Coverings. Shop all Brand Shops KitchenAid Better Homes and Gardens The Pioneer Woman Mainstays. Shop all Specialty Shops Home Gift Guide Back to College Shop by Style. Shop All Home Improvement Bathroom Renovations Kitchen Renovations Water Purification Generators Garage & Storage. Shop all Air Quality Dehumidifiers Humidifiers. Shop all Tools Power Tools Hand Tools. Shop all Heating & Cooling Heaters Fireplaces Stoves. Shop all Paint Interior & Exterior Paint Ladders. Shop all Patio & Garden Patio Furniture Patio & Outdoor Decor Sheds & Outdoor Storage Outdoor Shade Grills & Outdoor Cooking Outdoor Heating Swimming Pools Hot Tubs & Saunas. Shop all Garden Center Outdoor Power Equipment Landscaping Pots & Planters. Shop all Industrial & Scientific Janitorial & Sanitation Supplies Food Service Equipment. Shop All Clothing Intimates & Sleepwear All Shoes Boys' Girls' Swim Shop Spring Fashion Activewear Shop School Uniforms Precious Metals Bags & Accessories Luggage Sleepwear Shop Premium Beauty Fashion Brands Clearance & More. Shop all Women's Women's Plus Juniors' Maternity Women's Shoes. Shop all Jewelry Wedding & Engagement Watches Fine Jewelry Fashion Jewelry Personalized Jewelry. Shop all Men's Men's Big & Tall Young Men's Men's Shoes Men's Jewelry. Shop all Baby & Toddlers' Baby Girl Baby Boy Toddler Girl Toddler Boy Baby & Kids' Shoes. Shop All Baby Baby Deals Parent's Choice Britax Premium Brands Restock Shop Baby Registry Baby Box Strollers Car Seats Baby & Toddler Clothing. Shop all Diapering & Potty Diapers Wipes Diaper Bags. Shop all Feeding Breast Feeding Bottle Feeding Baby Formula Baby Food Toddler Feeding Bibs & Burp Cloths. Shop all Nursery & Décor Cribs Furniture Bedding Décor. Shop all Toddler Room Furniture Bedding. Shop all Play & Travel Gear Playstations & Walkers Playards Swings Carriers & Wraps Baby & Toddler Toys. Shop all Health & Safety Bath Baby Gates Baby Monitors Baby Care. Toys Savings Musical Instruments Boys' Toys Girls' Toys Xbox One X Retro Gaming. Shop all Toys Action Figures Dolls & Dollhouses Cars, Drones & RC LEGO & Building Sets Pretend Play Arts & Crafts Electronics for Kids Learning Toys Nerf & Blasters Stuffed Animals & Plush Games & Puzzles. Shop all Bikes & Ride-Ons Kids' Bikes Ride-On Toys Hoverboards. Shop all Outdoor Play Swing Sets Trampolines. Shop all Shop by Age Preschool 5-7 8-11 12+. Shop all Video Games Virtual Reality New Releases PlayStation 4 Xbox One Nintendo Switch Accessories Digital Gaming Nintendo 3DS / 2DS Nintendo Wii U / Wii PlayStation VR Preorders Used Games. Restock Shop Fresh Flowers Meal Kits & Specialty Food Boxes Grocery Pickup & Delivery. Shop all Shop All Food Coffee Beverages Snacks & Cookies Breakfast & Cereal Meals Condiments Pasta Candy & Gum Soups Canned Goods Emergency Food Baking Center International Food. Shop all Household Essentials Laundry Room Kitchen Bathroom Paper & Plastic Cleaning Supplies Air Fresheners Batteries Pest Control As Seen On TV Light Bulbs. Shop all Shop All Pets Cats Dogs Fish Small Animals Birds Equine Reptiles. Shop all Clearance & Rollbacks Food Household Essentials Pets. Shop all Beauty Makeup Skin Care Fragrances Beauty Tools Hair Care Premium Beauty. Shop all Brands We Love Flower Culturelle OralB Braun ReliOn. Shop all Personal Care Feminine Care Incontinence. Shop all Shave Electric Shavers Razors. Shop all Oral Care Electric Toothbrushes Water Flossers. Shop all Bath & Body Lotions Body Wash. Shop all Vision Center Prescription Eyewear Contact Lenses. Shop all Health Medicine Cabinet Cold, Cough and Flu Digestive Health Home Health Care Diabetes Management. Shop all Wellness Supplements Protein & Fitness Weight Management Aromatherapy. Shop all Pharmacy Refill Prescriptions Transfer Prescriptions. Shop All Sports Outdoor Sports Emergency Prep Ozark Trail Hunting Trampolines Game Room Basketball Sports Fanshop. Shop all Camping Tents Airbeds Canopies & Shelters. Shop all Fishing Rod & Reel Combos. Shop all Boats & Water Sports Canoes, Kayaks & Boats. Shop all Recreation Bikes Lawn Games Air Soft Air Guns Golf. Shop all Team Sports Baseball & Softball Football. Shop all Exercise & Fitness Boxing Mixed Martial Arts. Shop all Exercise Machines Treadmills Bikes Ellipticals Home Gyms. Shop all Strength and Weight Training Fitness Accessories Ab & Core Toners. Shop All Auto Tires Batteries & Accessories Diagnostic Tools Auto Paint & Accessories Auto Interior Auto Exterior Windshield Wipers Motorcycles & ATVs RV Parts & Accessories Auto Detailing & Car Care Auto Services. Shop all Oils & Fluids Motor Oil Antifreeze & Coolants Transmission, Brake, & Steering Fluids. Shop all Automotive Tools & Equipment Car Battery Chargers & Accessories. Shop all Auto Electronics Car DVD & Video Car Stereos Car Speakers & Subwoofers Power Inverters Dash Cams. Shop all Auto Body Repair Auto Repair Tools. Shop all Auto Replacement Parts Oil Filters Engine Air Filters Spark Plugs Brake Parts. Shop all Photo Center Available Same Day Blankets Calendars Canvas & Wall Art Cards & Invitations Home Decor & Gifts Jewelry & Clothing Mugs Office Phone Cases Photo Books Pillows Posters Prints. Shop all Personalized Shop Easter Rollbacks & Clearance Wedding Invitations Wedding Sweepstakes Graduation Home Decor Clothing & Accessories Bedding & Bath Kitchen & Dining Kids Character Shop. Shop all Personalized Jewelry Rings Necklaces Class Rings. Shop all Gift Cards Mail a Gift Card Email a Gift Card Specialty Gift Cards Check Card Balances Corporate Gift Card Program. Shop all Gift Registry Baby Registry Wedding Registry Lists. Craft Tips & Ideas Costumes & Dress Up Party Ideas & Recipes Christmas Decor Savings Birthday Shop Wedding Shop Valentine's Day Plush. Shop all Arts, Crafts & Sewing Art & Drawing Supplies Beading & Jewelry Crafting Die Cutting Machines Sewing Fabric Scrapbooking Supplies Artificial Plants & Flowers Knitting & Crochet Yarn Craft Furniture & Storage. Shop all Party & Occasions Baking & Pastry Supplies Balloons Cards & Invitations Disposable Tableware Giftwrap & Supplies Party Decorations Party Favors Pinatas. Shop all Party Themes Themed Party Sets Anniversary Baby Shower Halloween Christmas Decor. Stretch your tax refund FREE Grocery Pickup Electronics & Office Movies, Music & Books Home, Furniture & Appliances Home Improvement & Patio Clothing, Shoes & Jewelry Baby & Toddler Toys & Video Games Food, Household & Pets Pharmacy, Health & Beauty Sports, Fitness & Outdoors Auto & Tires Photo & Personalized Shop Sewing, Crafts & Party Supplies See All Departments. Baby Registry Wedding Registry Classroom Supplies. TV & Video TVs DVD & Blu-ray Players Home Audio & Theater TV Accessories. Cell Phones Straight Talk Phones Unlocked Phones Contract Phones No-Contract Phones Prepaid Minutes & Data Cases & Accessories. iPad & Tablets iPad Windows Tablets Android Tablets Accessories. Computers Laptops Desktops PC Gaming Printers & Supplies Networking Software Monitors Accessories. Portable Audio iPod & MP3 Players Headphones Speakers & Docks. Office Supplies Office Electronics School Supplies. Movies & TV 2-Day Shipping Action & Adventure Blu-ray Discs Boxed Sets Children & Family Instawatch Movie DVDs New Releases Preorders TV Shows. Music 2-Day Shipping Music Gift Cards Country Music Soundtracks Vinyl New Releases Pop R&B / Soul Rock Top 100 CDs. Books Deals in books Preorders New Releases Biographies & Memoirs Children's Books Christian Books & Bibles Cookbooks, Food & Wine Comics & Graphic Novels Crafts & Hobbies Humor Literature & Fiction Health and Wellness Teen & Young Adult. Shop By Room Living Room Bedroom Bathroom Dining Room Kitchen Kids' Room Teens' Room Patio Entryway Office. Shop By Category Appliances Bath Bedding Furniture Home Decor Kids’ Bedding Kids’ Furniture Kitchen & Dining Lighting Mattresses Patio & Garden Rugs Storage & Organization Vacuums & Floor Care Window Coverings. Brand Shops KitchenAid Better Homes and Gardens The Pioneer Woman Mainstays. Specialty Shops Home Gift Guide Back to College Shop by Style. Industrial & Scientific Janitorial & Sanitation Supplies Food Service Equipment. Heating & Cooling Heaters Fireplaces Stoves. Paint Interior & Exterior Paint Ladders. Patio & Garden Patio Furniture Patio & Outdoor Decor Sheds & Outdoor Storage Outdoor Shade Grills & Outdoor Cooking Outdoor Heating Swimming Pools Hot Tubs & Saunas. Garden Center Outdoor Power Equipment Landscaping Pots & Planters. Women's Women's Plus Juniors' Maternity Women's Shoes. Jewelry Wedding & Engagement Watches Fine Jewelry Fashion Jewelry Personalized Jewelry. Men's Men's Big & Tall Young Men's Men's Shoes Men's Jewelry. Baby & Toddlers' Baby Girl Baby Boy Toddler Girl Toddler Boy Baby & Kids' Shoes. Diapering & Potty Diapers Wipes Diaper Bags. Feeding Breast Feeding Bottle Feeding Baby Formula Baby Food Toddler Feeding Bibs & Burp Cloths. Nursery & Décor Cribs Furniture Bedding Décor. Play & Travel Gear Playstations & Walkers Playards Swings Carriers & Wraps Baby & Toddler Toys. Health & Safety Bath Baby Gates Baby Monitors Baby Care. Toys Action Figures Dolls & Dollhouses Cars, Drones & RC LEGO & Building Sets Pretend Play Arts & Crafts Electronics for Kids Learning Toys Nerf & Blasters Stuffed Animals & Plush Games & Puzzles. Bikes & Ride-Ons Kids' Bikes Ride-On Toys Hoverboards. Shop by Age Preschool 5-7 8-11 12+. Video Games Virtual Reality New Releases PlayStation 4 Xbox One Nintendo Switch Accessories Digital Gaming Nintendo 3DS / 2DS Nintendo Wii U / Wii PlayStation VR Preorders Used Games. Shop All Food Coffee Beverages Snacks & Cookies Breakfast & Cereal Meals Condiments Pasta Candy & Gum Soups Canned Goods Emergency Food Baking Center International Food. Household Essentials Laundry Room Kitchen Bathroom Paper & Plastic Cleaning Supplies Air Fresheners Batteries Pest Control As Seen On TV Light Bulbs. Meal Kits & Specialty Food Boxes. Shop All Pets Cats Dogs Fish Small Animals Birds Equine Reptiles. Clearance & Rollbacks Food Household Essentials Pets. Beauty Makeup Skin Care Fragrances Beauty Tools Hair Care Premium Beauty. Brands We Love Flower Culturelle OralB Braun ReliOn. Oral Care Electric Toothbrushes Water Flossers. Bath & Body Lotions Body Wash. Vision Center Prescription Eyewear Contact Lenses. Health Medicine Cabinet Cold, Cough and Flu Digestive Health Home Health Care Diabetes Management. Wellness Supplements Protein & Fitness Weight Management Aromatherapy. Camping Tents Airbeds Canopies & Shelters. Fishing Rod & Reel Combos. Boats & Water Sports Canoes, Kayaks & Boats. Recreation Bikes Lawn Games Air Soft Air Guns Golf. Team Sports Baseball & Softball Football. Exercise & Fitness Boxing Mixed Martial Arts. Exercise Machines Treadmills Bikes Ellipticals Home Gyms. Strength and Weight Training Fitness Accessories Ab & Core Toners. Oils & Fluids Motor Oil Antifreeze & Coolants Transmission, Brake, & Steering Fluids. Automotive Tools & Equipment Car Battery Chargers & Accessories. Auto Electronics Car DVD & Video Car Stereos Car Speakers & Subwoofers Power Inverters Dash Cams. Auto Body Repair Auto Repair Tools. Auto Replacement Parts Oil Filters Engine Air Filters Spark Plugs Brake Parts. Photo Center Available Same Day Blankets Calendars Canvas & Wall Art Cards & Invitations Home Decor & Gifts Jewelry & Clothing Mugs Office Phone Cases Photo Books Pillows Posters Prints. Personalized Shop Easter Rollbacks & Clearance Wedding Invitations Wedding Sweepstakes Graduation Home Decor Clothing & Accessories Bedding & Bath Kitchen & Dining Kids Character Shop. Personalized Jewelry Rings Necklaces Class Rings. Gift Cards Mail a Gift Card Email a Gift Card Specialty Gift Cards Check Card Balances Corporate Gift Card Program. Gift Registry Baby Registry Wedding Registry Lists. Arts, Crafts & Sewing Art & Drawing Supplies Beading & Jewelry Crafting Die Cutting Machines Sewing Fabric Scrapbooking Supplies Artificial Plants & Flowers Knitting & Crochet Yarn Craft Furniture & Storage. Party & Occasions Baking & Pastry Supplies Balloons Cards & Invitations Disposable Tableware Giftwrap & Supplies Party Decorations Party Favors Pinatas. Party Themes Themed Party Sets Anniversary Baby Shower Halloween Christmas Decor. All Departments Auto & Tires Baby Beauty Books Cell Phones Clothing Electronics Food. Gifts & Registry Health Home Home Improvement Household Essentials Jewelry Movies Music Office. Party & Occasions Patio & Garden Pets Pharmacy Photo Center Sports & Outdoors Toys Video Games. FREE Grocery Pickup FREE 2-Day Shipping Shop smart with our app Get your flu shot today Stretch your tax refund. FREE Grocery Pickup FREE 2-Day Shipping Shop smart with our app Get your flu shot today Stretch your tax refund. Pickup Today Grocery Pickup Weekly Ads Credit Card Track Order. Cell Phones Accessories Cases & Protectors. Phone Case for Walmart Family Mobile Alcatel PIXI 4 (4.5" Display) / Alcatel Ideal Gophone / Verizon Alcatel Dawn / Alcatel Streak ( Cricket ) Rugged Cover Wide (Wide Stand Black-Black Corner). Average rating: out of 5 stars, based on reviews Write a review ratings. This button opens a dialog that displays additional images for this product with the option to zoom in or out.. *Compatible Model for Pixi-4 (4.5" Display) (Not for Pixi-4 5.0" 6.0" Display). *Protection- double protection, inner soft silicon cushion provide extra security and outer hard shell PC plastic to against impact, bump and falls.. Tell us if something is incorrect. Sold & shipped by Allbest4u inc. Ship to 94066 See shipping options. Free pickup not available from this seller Choose a store Free pickup not available from this seller. 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12. Ship to 94066 See shipping options. Free pickup not available from this seller Choose a store Free pickup not available from this seller. Tell us if something is incorrect. *Compatible Model for Pixi-4 (4.5" Display) (Not for Pixi-4 5.0" 6.0" Display). *Protection- double protection, inner soft silicon cushion provide extra security and outer hard shell PC plastic to against impact, bump and falls.. Get specific details about this product from customers who own it.. Be the first to review this item!. Average rating: 0 out of 5 stars, based on reviews. See any care plans, options and policies that may be associated with this product.. Electrode, Comp-276504472, DC-prod-dfw7, ENV-prod-a, PROF-PROD, VER-21.17.3-rc-1, SHA-c37438843926f3cccffc1b3ed5e62a5a7012bec8, CID-. Help Feedback MoneyCenter Privacy & Security CA Privacy Rights Terms of Use. See All Services Walmart MoneyCenter Walmart Credit Card Product Care Plans Walmart Pay. About Walmart.com Corporate Suppliers Sell on Walmart.com Careers @WalmartLabs The Walmart Digital Museum. Terms of Use About Our Ads Affiliate Program CA Privacy Rights Privacy & Security. Returns Policy Product Recalls Int’l Customers Tax Exempt Program Contact Us Feedback Store Pickup. Electronics Toys Video Games Home Products Clothing Sports & Outdoors Baby Products. 
Samsung Galaxy S9 OnePlus 5T Huawei Mate 10 Google Pixel 2 OnePlus 5. LG K10 (2018) Samsung Galaxy S9 Elephone S8 HTC U11 Eyes Honor 9 Lite. Samsung Galaxy S9 OnePlus 5T Huawei Mate 10 Google Pixel 2 OnePlus 5. Buy and sell gently used phones. Alcatel One Touch Pixi 4 - [GENERAL][ROOT][RECOVERY] by kirito9. Android General Android Q&A, Help & Troubleshooting Android Software and Hacking General [Developers Only] Android Software Development Miscellaneous Android Development. Xposed Framework Modules Android Themes Android Apps and Games Android Developer Previews. 23 Pixi 4 ROMs DISCLAIMER:. phone and using custom … 23 For now this will be where. different models … 18 Alcatel Pixi 4 (4)(5)(5.5)(6)Unlock Bootloader, Root & TWRP 3.0.2-0 13 [GUIDE] Root Alcatel OneTouch Pixi 4 (5'') 5045x So here's the … 10 [Resurrection Remix][N] [7.1.1] [MT6735] Pixi 4 (5) 4G (5045) DISCLAIMER:. 2 (quote) I had. I guess not and you're welcome. apparently doesn't … 1 (quote). there any custom … 1 (quote)Typically, the only. The XDA App is the fastest way to access the forums on mobile.. One-Handed Mode replicates the useful iOS "Reachability" feature without root.. Labs is an independent app store that gives developers full control over their work.. The ultimate, most complete theming solution for Android.. The best way to get cutting edge news about your device!. Xiaomi Redmi Note 5 and Redmi Note 5 Pro Forums Are Now Open for Posting. Unofficial LineageOS 15.1 brings Android 8.1 Oreo Go Edition to First Generation Android One Devices. Take Control of your Phone’s Rotation with “Rotation” Orientation Manager. Customize Samsung Experience 9.0 and Android Oreo on the Samsung Galaxy S8/S8+ with this Xposed Module. MX Player is Recruiting Users for a New Private Beta Testing Program. Dreaming Battery is a Minimalist Screensaver for Displaying your Battery Level. Having troubles with your Ad Blocker? This app adds a Quick Settings tile for easy Ad Block toggling. alcatel , mediatek , pixi4 , recovery , roms , root , tcl. Guest Quick Reply (no urls or BBcode). The following errors occurred with your submission. Alcatel One Touch Pixi 4 - [GENERAL][ROOT][RECOVERY]. By kirito9 , Recognized Contributor on 10th May 2016, 11:21 PM. Firstly and foremost this is a follow on from this thread and would likely not have happened if not for the helpful users there:. Alcatel One Touch Pixi 3 Official Thread [ROOT][RECOVERY][ROMS]. Here are the different phone variant specs: 3.5", 4", 6", 7" screen sizes: http://www.gsmarena.com/results.php3...alcatel+Pixi+4. All feature a Mediatek CPU and Android Marshmallow except the 3.5" which comes with Lollipop, and are more technically branded as a TCL phone (the current chinese owner of the Alcatel brand). Root and custom recovery have been achieved on the 3.5" 4017x model, the recovery image is attached, note ADB does not work in recovery, but there is a file manager. NOTE #1: PLEASE PLEASE MAKE A BACKUP OF YOUR ROM USING EITHER A CUSTOM RECOVERY OR MIRACLE BOX TOOL BEFORE DOING ANYTHING TO YOUR DEVICE. IT ISN'T POSSIBLE FOR ME TO HAVE ALL THESE DEVICES WITH THEIR BACKUPS AVAILABLE WHEN YOU MESS UP!!. NOTE #2: While SPFT is not fully compatible with our device in the way we would want it, it does detect our scatter file and you can flash images etc. BUT DO NOT FORMAT YOUR DEVICE UNDER NO CIRCUMSTANCES WHATSOEVER. REGARDLESS OF WHAT YOU SEE ON THE INTERNET DO NOT FORMAT YOUR DEVICE USING SPFT. IF YOU DO I WON'T BE SO WILLING TO HELP YOU. NOTE #3: THERE SEEMS TO BE AN ISSUE WHEN UNLOCKING THE BOOTLOADER FOR THE 4034N AND 4034X MODELS OF THE PIXI 4 (4). Warning: Current Pixi 4 (4) 4034N will softbrick if you unlock the flash .. The Following 25 Users Say Thank You to kirito9 For This Useful Post: [ View ]. 999qwerty666 (8th August 2016) , Boombastical (3rd December 2016) , dr.mnemonix (27th June 2016) , fattheman (9th March 2017) , imgo (7th July 2016) , JulienD33 (18th March 2017) , KevinFontenele (10th May 2017) , kirito9 (11th May 2016) , Klima1123 (17th August 2017) , mat584 (12th June 2016) , matt4321 (16th March 2017) , miki_maus_srb (13th December 2017) , Mohamed El IDRISSI (27th January 2017) , nashj1975 (15th July 2017) , natlegal2 (20th September 2016) , noobuser98 (2nd October 2016) , Rascaball (25th March 2017) , RiceydDr0id (8th December 2016) , Rodrigo Krauser (22nd September 2016) , RohmanRohim (13th September 2017) , svn.wieg (7th November 2016) , ViAlexSt (8th August 2017) , Wagner Wolf (15th January 2017) , ZonaRMR (13th February 2017) , _Eagle_ (14th March 2017). Honor 9 Lite and Huawei P Smart Kernel Sources have been released >. [Results are in] Honor Let the XDA Community Decide Which Intelligent Scenes Will be Added to their AI Camera >. Vote for the Next Honor AI Camera Recognition Scene >. Join Date: Joined: Oct 2013. For now this will be where I post info about the different models for the Pixi 4 devices and link them to their respective posts. This will be edited over time of course so stay tuned. Once I get a way to make a backup and be able to restore that backup I will add that here. Root- Kingroot (PC or apk will work) or here. Alcatel OT Pixi 4-4 (4034) (3G MODEL). Root- phh's superuser | Chainfire's SuperSU. Recovery- TWRP 3.x | CTR-6.6. Alcatel OT Pixi 4 Plus Power (5023). Root- phh's superuser | Chainfire's SuperSU. Alcatel OT Pixi 4-5 (5045) (4G) MT6735. Recovery - CTR 6.6 | TWRP 3.0.2-0 | TWRP 3.0.3-0 thanks varior1719@4pda. Alcatel OT Pixi 4-5 (5010) (3G MODEL). Root- phh's superuser | Chainfire's SuperSU | Modded SuperSU thanks @ ZonaRMR. Recovery- TWRP 3.x | CTR 6.6. Alcatel OT Pixi 4-7 3G (9003). Alcatel OT Pixi 4-7 Wifi (8063). Root- Here (don't forget to say thanks to @ dashu42332. Mediatek Preloader Drivers Win 10 32 & 64 bit. [TUTORIAL]How to setup SP_Flash_Tool_Linux (MTK/MediaTek Soc). How to repair a boot loop issue (Pixi 4 5" 5010) thanks @ gandul. Should be able to work for the Pixi 4 4" (4034), only change the recovery. All the devs and modders and contributors..too much to mention. The Following 23 Users Say Thank You to kirito9 For This Useful Post: [ View ]. ClaimConsultantsllc (21st July 2017) , Diack3 (24th November 2017) , dr.mnemonix (27th June 2016) , fattheman (9th March 2017) , Itachi879 (16th December 2016) , JulienD33 (18th March 2017) , Junior_M45 (23rd November 2016) , KevinFontenele (10th May 2017) , kirito9 (11th May 2016) , matt4321 (16th March 2017) , Mike0505 (11th July 2017) , nauj27 (4th December 2017) , Nedkoff (4th January 2018) , noobuser98 (2nd October 2016) , Rascaball (25th March 2017) , sweet khan (15th June 2017) , Zer0Bytes_ (6th April 2017) , TheGeekSaint (15th April 2017) , ViAlexSt (8th August 2017) , Wagner Wolf (15th January 2017) , Xpaco449 (4th October 2017) , ZonaRMR (13th February 2017) , _Eagle_ (14th March 2017). Join Date: Joined: Oct 2013. Rooting your phone and using custom Recoveries and ROM's have risks and may result in bricking your device, and has nothing to do with Google or the device manufacturers. In case of any mishap I am not responsible if you brick/ruin your phone in any way. Basic computer skills are required and minimal knowledge about the phone and phone utilities also. Make sure that whatever you do, you are doing it at your own responsibility. Be careful how you use these SPFT ROMs, they can sometimes cause more problems than solving because of model numbers. SPFT ROMs - Pixi 4 (3.5) | Pixi 4 (4) 3G (4034G) | Pixi 4 (5) 3G (5010D) | Pixi 4 (5) 4G (5045D) | Pixi 4 (6) (8050G) (8050E) 8050D. TWRP Backups - Pixi 4 (3.5) | Pixi 4 (4) 3G | Pixi 4 (4.5) 4G | Pixi 4 (5) 3G (5010D) | Pixi 4 (5) 4G | Pixi 4 (6). Stock ROMs - Pixi 4 (3.5) | Pixi 4 (4) 3G | Pixi 4 (5) 4G | Pixi 4 (5) 3G (5010G) | Pixi 4 (5) 4G | Pixi 4 (6). CyanogenMod 12.1 - Pixi 4 (3.5) | Pixi 4 (6). CyanogenMod 13 - Pixi 4 (3.5) | Pixi 4 (4) 3G | Pixi 4 (5) 4G | Pixi 4 (5) 3G , CM13v2 *New Build* | Pixi 4 (5) 4G | Pixi 4 (6). AOSP - Pixi 4 (4) 3G | Pixi 4 (4.5) 4G | Pixi 4 (5) 3G | Pixi 4 (5) 4G | Pixi 4 (6). Resurrection Remix - Pixi 4 (4) 3G | Pixi 4 (4.5) 4G | Pixi 4 (5) 3G | Pixi 4 (5) 4G | Pixi 4 (6). Ported Stock ROMs - Pixi 4 (4) 3G | Pixi 4 (4.5) 4G | Pixi 4 (5) 3G | Pixi 4 (5) 4G | Pixi 4 (6). Mokee - Pixi 4 (4) 3G | Pixi 4 (4.5) 4G | Pixi 4 (5) 3G | Pixi 4 (5) 4G | Pixi 4 (6). Note: If you do not see your device highlighted, it means the ROM is not there......yet .. The Following 23 Users Say Thank You to kirito9 For This Useful Post: [ View ]. 1554M (10th January 2018) , A1deparagon (18th April 2017) , Autocriminal (26th September 2017) , BoC4RDi (15th August 2017) , Diack3 (24th November 2017) , herzeleid26 (9th December 2017) , Hnk1 (13th July 2017) , jkvanrossum.nl (14th January 2018) , JulienD33 (18th March 2017) , karov_mm (22nd March 2017) , Machi007 (29th August 2017) , matt4321 (16th March 2017) , Mike0505 (11th July 2017) , paktam13 (16th April 2017) , Rascaball (1st April 2017) , Samuel araujo (3rd January 2017) , UlisesCNF (1st March 2017) , ViAlexSt (8th August 2017) , Wagner Wolf (15th January 2017) , Yumnizabir (21st July 2017) , ziadmz99 (8th February 2017) , ZonaRMR (13th February 2017) , _Eagle_ (14th March 2017). Join Date: Joined: Jun 2011. Hi, thanks for signing up to provide your feedback. Im guessing your saying it didnt work ? Did you make a rom backup first, can you provide that to us ? If not can you revert, and make one ?. Join Date: Joined: Jun 2016. First, the System App Managerapp (by flaki). then I worked with System Cleaner ROOT application. They have been integrated into the updates. Removed Google Photos, Google Books, and the like. After the mobile phone is restored. When checking for updates to Google Play crashes. And again in the WiFi list.. Join Date: Joined: Jun 2016. Just got a Pixi 4 (4), it works pretty well. The Following User Says Thank You to mat584 For This Useful Post: [ View ]. Join Date: Joined: Jun 2016. How to root Pixi 4 (4) on marshmallow. I also have the Pixi 4 (4) on marshmallow 6.0 and it is a good smartphone (quadcore 1.3ghz 1g RAM 8g ROM ....) I really want the root. Join Date: Joined: Jan 2012. My Devices: HTC One (M8). Now i rooted my tcl alcatel 8050D with kingroot and no restore all works playstore too. The Following User Says Thank You to kevios12 For This Useful Post: [ View ]. Join Date: Joined: Jul 2016. Is there a stock/rooted/custom rom for this variant? Having a tough time with a boot loop issue after changing the boot animation. Was able to root with kingroot successfully. I got a little to explorative. Was finally able to get into recovery but factory reset did not resolve the issue. Its an alcatel one touch pop7 lte/4g. Join Date: Joined: Jul 2016. It works in pixi 4 6 8050e?. Join Date: Joined: Oct 2013. This is for MTK devices only. Sent from my 4032A using Tapatalk. Originally Posted by Lucas Ribeiro-BR. It works in pixi 4 6 8050e?. Posting Quick Reply - Please Wait. Top Threads in Android General by ThreadRank. [Guide][SC8830/SC7731/SC9830]Custom ROMs Porting Guide for Spreadtrum phones.. [PORT] [8.0+] Dolby Atmos™ for Oreo 20180220 [Standard/Unity]. AdBlocker Quick Settings Tile [AppFactory apk and Tasker XML]. [GUIDE] How-to Use WireGuard on Android and Ubuntu. BLUBOO S1 - Development & Support. [APP][4.4.2+] ROLO -Contact Manager That Works Like a Personal CRM. Alcatel One Touch Pixi 4 - [GENERAL][ROOT][RECOVERY] by kirito9. ---- XDA 2013 Beta - 1024. XDA Developers was founded by developers, for developers. It is now a valuable resource for people who want to make the most of their mobile devices, from customizing the look and feel to adding new functionality. Are you a developer? | Terms of Service. 
Our offer Community Help My giffgaff. Phones iPhone Samsung Sony Huawei Nokia Compare phones Marketplace Pre-owned phones Sell my phone Our plans SIM-only plans Find my data plan Order a free SIM Activate your SIM Prices UK rates International calling Roaming Earn Payback. Community Announcements Service updates Welcome & join Help & support giffgaff gameplan Tips & guides Contribute General discussion Personal profile Preferences Private messages Blog Mobile news giffgaff news Phone reviews App reviews Phone unlocking Just for fun Labs Submit an idea Browse ideas How it works. Getting started Order your first SIM Activate your SIM Unlock your phone Transfer your number Network & coverage Plans & top-up Our plans Manage your plan Top-up credit Top-up vouchers Using your phone abroad Your phone Voicemail Internet settings SIM swap Lost or stolen PAC code Unblock my SIM Self-help FAQ Ask the community Ask a giffgaff agent Agent messages. My account My profile and settings My payments My loans Setup wizard Share the love My Payback My recruits Order more SIMs giffgaff banners Log in Buy a goodybag Top up Not you? Log out. My giffgaff Buy a goodybag Top up My account Share the love. Our offer Phones Marketplace SIM-only plans Order a free SIM Activate your SIM UK rates International calling Roaming. Help Self-help Ask the community Ask a giffgaff agent. Phones Alcatel Alcatel Pixi 4 4". If you don't have an active giffgaff SIM you’ll need to buy a minimum £10 goodybag with this phone. You can cancel your goodybag anytime.. Be the first one to write a review.. Member review Alcatel Pixi 4 4". Ask our friendly and helpful community members to find out more about this, or any other phone.. Alcatel Pixi 4 4" 3G at a glance 4" screen 1.3GHz quad-core processor 3MP camera Android M 4GB expandable up to 32GB 1500mAh battery. Alcatel Pixi 4 4" 3G overview Slim and compact, premium design Selfie light and HD video Smooth performance. The Pixi 4 is super light, weighs only 150g and it’s only 10mm thick. A soft matt finish makes Pixi 4 the perfect pocket-friendly choice that feels great in your hands.. Capture any moment with ease using the versatile front-facing camera. And record videos in full 1080p HD from the main camera.. Enjoy a fast and smooth performance. A 1.3 GHz quad-core processor ensures that you won't be slowed down by apps and games. 4GB, MicroSD expandable up to 32GB. 3MP photos with flash, Fix focus, HDR, Camera & Video zoom, Photo editor, Photo live filters, Panorama, Geo tag. Micro USB 2.0 Wi-Fi 802.11b/g/n, Wi-Fi direct, Bluetooth 4.0. From initial setup to updating software, using features to security - follow these links to help you get started with your phone.. Internet & MMS settings A guide to Android Best Android Apps How to customise Android How to set up voicemail. Get to know your phone inside and out, from the latest apps to handy features, directly from other giffgaff members.. Have a problem with your phone and don't know how to fix it? Fear not. Check out the links and FAQs below to find the solution:. How to save battery life Texts and voicemail not working How to boost your mobile signal. giffgaff runs on the O2 network. Countries included as part of the EU and selected destinations. 
Alcatel Pixi 4 (4) Price in the Philippines and Specification. Pocket friendly 4-inch, 16M color display capacitive multi-touch phone with thirteen colors to choose from.. 4 inches, 480 x 800 pixels. 2G, 3G, 4GB, 8GB, 0.5GB, 1GB ... * Prices updated on Feb 26, 2018. * The prices listed have been converted from USD to PHP based on exchange rates of Feb 23, 2018.. Model :4GB 0.5GB Brandnew sealed we accept trade incswap limited stock only. Model :4GB 0.5GB Brandnew sealed we accept trade incswap limited stock only. Free shipping or from P55...., 5-10 business days for ... Free shipping or from P55...., 5-10 business days for ... Alcatel Pixi 4 (4) Price in the Philippines Starts from P2,999. The lowest price of Alcatel Pixi 4 (4) is P2,999 at Tere Cellphone & Accessories, which is 70% less than the cost of Pixi 4 (4) at Lazada (P9,890).. This smartphone is available in 4GB, 8GB storage variants.. The latest price of Alcatel Pixi 4 (4) was updated on Feb 26, 2018, 13:05.. Video of Alcatel Pixi 4 (4). Alcatel Pixi 4 (4") - Unboxing [HD]. Specs of Alcatel Pixi 4 (4). , Stand-by Up to 520 h (2G) / Up to 500 h (3G). , Talk time Up to 10 h (2G) / Up to 7 h 20 min (3G). , HSDPA 850 / 900 / 1900 / 2100. 0.3 MP (VGA) or 2 MP. 121.3 x 64.4 x 9.7 mm. , (4.78 x 2.54 x 0.38 in). Reviews of Alcatel Pixi 4 (4). User Review : 3 Reviews. Pag bagao ang phone maganda talaga gamitin pero sa akin mga buwan na rin ang maganda sa kanya kasi kahit hindi ... Ayos pa rin yung phone na to sakin hanggang ngayon, mahigit isang taon na rin to sakin. Mas nauna pang masira yung ... Matagal na rin ito sa akin ang phone na ito gusto ko siya kasi maliit lang ang dali lang malagay sa pocket ko ... Write a review on this product. Read more reviews on this product. Forum of Alcatel Pixi 4 (4). hello sa lahat pwede bang mag tanong hindi ko kasi ma update ang facebook ko sa phone na ito palaging sabi cant update facebook may memory micro sd card naman ito.. Last updated : Feb 6, 2018. Replies of This topic : 1 Replies. Naghahanap ako ng pang normal usage, pero at least gusto ko makapag laro ng Clash Royale and Clash of Clans, pwede ba to?. Last updated : Jul 28, 2017. Replies of This topic : 2 Replies. Have a pleasant afternoon to you guys, I wanna know the batteries of this Alcatel Pixi 4 (4inch) performance? Thank you very much to you.. Last updated : Jul 28, 2017. Replies of This topic : 1 Replies. anu poh sa tingin nyo mas okay sa dalawa?.. Last updated : Jul 28, 2017. Replies of This topic : 1 Replies. Start a topic on this product. View the forum on this product. Compared to Alcatel Pixi 4 (4). 5 inches, FWVGA (854 x 480). 2G, 3G, 4G (LTE), 8GB, 1GB. 5.5 inches, 1080 x 1920 p... 2G, 3G, 4G (LTE), 16GB, 3... 4.0 inches, WVGA (800 x 480). 2G, 3G, 4G (LTE), 8GB, 1GB. Alcatel One Touch Pop 3 (5.5). Most viewed ranking for Alcatel Mobile Phones. View Mode: PC | Mobile. Please be aware that we cannot guarantee that all the information shown, such as prices, specs, images, etc. Prices and stock availability for each shop are always changing. If you are considering making a purchase, please refer to the merchant's page to ensure that you have the most up-to-date information. In order to use this website and its services, users must consent to and abide by the Terms of Use. By accessing or using any area of this website, you hereby agree to be legally bound and abide by the Terms.. Copyright © Priceprice.com All rights reserved. (Produced by kakaku.com that is Japan's No.1 Comparison Website). 
Ask us anything about your device. Please call us on 0345 301 4455 or 4455 from your Tesco Mobile. To save you having to tell us what you've done on this site, please enter your Tesco Mobile phone number below and we will pick up where you've left off.. 
