GSM 850 / 900 / 1800 / 1900. 152 x 78.3 x 9.9 mm (5.98 x 3.08 x 0.39 in). IPS LCD capacitive touchscreen, 16M colors. 5.5 inches, 83.4 cm 2 (~70.1% screen-to-body ratio). 720 x 1280 pixels, 16:9 ratio (~267 ppi density). microSD, up to 32 GB (dedicated slot). Geo-tagging, touch focus, face detection, HDR, panorama. Wi-Fi 802.11 b/g/n, Wi-Fi Direct, hotspot. SMS(threaded view), MMS, Email, Push Mail, IM. We can not guarantee that the information on this page is 100% correct. alcatel Pixi 4 Plus Power - user opinions and reviews. You get lot more then u pay. Little heavier and bulky then average mobile size. LCD is just OK but not bad. How long does it take to fully charge?. good for back up phone nothing more...if you travel a lot these is most have. Samsung Apple Nokia Sony LG HTC Motorola Huawei Microsoft Lenovo Xiaomi Google Acer Asus Oppo OnePlus Meizu BlackBerry Alcatel ZTE Toshiba Vodafone Energizer XOLO Lava Micromax BLU Gionee vivo LeEco Panasonic HP YU verykool Maxwest Plum. alcatel Pixi 4 (6) Nokia 2 alcatel U5 alcatel Pixi 4 (5) Motorola Moto C Plus Motorola Moto C. alcatel 3x alcatel 3 alcatel 1x alcatel 5 alcatel 3v alcatel Pixi 4 (5). 
more ... more .... more ... more .... MEMORY: 8 GB + MicroSD. Release date: Oct 1, 2016. Too little RAM memory (1 GB RAM). Low pixel density screen (267 ppi). The Alcatel Pixi 4 Plus Power is interesting because it's got a very generous 5,000 mAh battery inside which can keep the device alive for up to 2.7 days on a single charge (presumably under normal usage conditions), and should be good enough for up to 14 hours of video streaming. The battery features some sort of quick charging technology, and can act as a power bank so you can charge other devices via microUSB. Impressive battery aside, the Alcatel Pixi 4 Plus Power offers modest features, including a 5.5-inch display with 720 x 1280 pixels, 1 GB of RAM, and 8 GB of expandable storage space. There's no LTE connectivity, but you get dual SIM support.. Alcatel Pixi 4 Plus Power manual. Dimensions: 5.98 x 3.08 x 0.39 inches (152 x 78.3 x 9.9 mm). Weight: 7.13 oz (202 g) the average is 5.6 oz (159 g). Colors: Black, Orange, Green, Blue, White. Resolution: 720 x 1280 pixels. Features: Ambient light sensor, Proximity sensor. Pixel density - The pixel density of a display represents the number of pixels over an area of one inch. It’s measured in “pixels per inch”, or ppi. The higher the number, the more detailed and good-looking the display is.. Technology - There are two main screen technologies currently used in phones and tablets: LCD and AMOLED. The former usually features a light source and liquid crystals, while the latter is based on organic light-emitting diodes. Newer LCD variations like IPS-LCD and Super-LCD allow for very accurate color reproduction and very wide viewing angles, where no significant image quality loss is observed. Current AMOLED screens differ in such a way that they can exhibit much more saturated colors (sometimes too much) and incredibly high contrast levels, which is due to black color being completely black in AMOLED displays.. Screen-to-body ratio - Shows what part of the frontal area of a phone its screen occupies.. Software Features: Self-timer, Digital zoom, Geo tagging. Settings: Exposure compensation, ISO control, White balance presets. Shooting Modes: High Dynamic Range mode (HDR), Panorama. Features: Time-lapse video, Digital image stabilization, Video calling, Video sharing. Graphics processor - The graphics processor is important for the smooth operation of the system and especially in games and other applications that may involve complex graphics and animations.. System memory - System memory, or RAM memory is the type of memory that the device uses to temporarily store data from the OS or currently-running apps. The more RAM available to the device, the better the performance will be when multiple or heavier programs are running.. Built-in storage - Bigger storage capacity allows you to keep more content saved onto your device, such as more applications, photos or video. Games and video content typically take up the biggest amount of storage space.. Storage expansion - Some handsets allow you to expand their storage capacity by using a memory expansion card – most often microSD. Expansion memory is mostly suitable for media storage, such as photo, video or music content.. Capacity - The bigger, the better! However, battery capacity is not the only factor that has an effect on battery life. Those include the chipset in use, the software running on the device, as well as the consumer's unique usage pattern.. Filter by: Album, Artist, Genre, Playlists. Features: Album art cover, Background playback. Cellular GSM: 850, 900, 1800, 1900 MHz. Data: HSDPA+ (4G) 21.1 Mbit/s, HSUPA 5.76 Mbit/s. Other features: Voice dialing, Voice commands, Voice recording. Features: Mass storage device, USB charging. Other: Tethering, Computer sync, OTA sync. Positioning - This field shows the positioning systems supported by the device. The most common types are GPS and A-GPS.. GPS - This is one of the most widespread global positioning technologies, developed and maintained by the U.S. It uses satellites in order to detect your location. A-GPS - A-GPS stands for Assisted GPS and is the industry standard for positioning and navigation. “Assisted” means that it can use local wireless networks, in addition to satellites, for quicker and more precise localization.. Availability Officially announced: 26 Sep 2016. To see the full specifications with in-depth details click here.. Despite our efforts to provide full and correct Alcatel Pixi 4 Plus Power specifications, there is always a possibility of making a mistake. If you see any wrong or incomplete data, please LET US KNOW .. If you are interested in using our specs commercially, check out our Phone specs database licensing page.. Gear S4 may come with a blood pressure monitor, Samsung patent reveals. Google Pay launches today, but its most important feature is not here yet. Galaxy S9 and S9+ previewed in glorious detail with full specs and release date. Galaxy S9 and S9+ price and release date on Verizon, AT&T, T-Mobile and Best Buy. The Samsung Galaxy S9 and S9+ have game-changing cameras with variable aperture and 960fps slow-mo video recording. The Big Barcelona Camera Comparison: iPhone X vs Pixel 2 XL vs Note 8. Samsung Galaxy S9 and S9+ rumor review: Specs, design, features, price and release date. Sony presents Xperia XZ2 and XZ2 Compact: new design and Snapdragon 845. Galaxy S9 Exynos edition gets benchmarked against rivals!. Galaxy S9 first camera comparison vs iPhone X, V30, S8. Samsung Galaxy S9 & S9+ hands-on. MWC 2018: top smartphones to expect. Best smartphone you can buy in 2018. Allo is a quality app, but Google isn't giving it a real chance. All content (phone reviews, news, specs, info), design and layouts are Copyright 2001-2018 phoneArena.com. Reproduction in whole or in part or in any form or medium without written permission is prohibited! Privacy. 
Home Shop MWC News Reviews Features Opinions Videos The Gadgets 360 Show Cell Guru Prime Tech Smartphone Reviews Tech and Gadget Reviews How-To Videos Video Game Reviews and Features Top Lists by Gadgets 360 Unboxing and Hands-On Videos Podcasts Compare Mobiles Phone Finder DEALS. Mobiles Tablets Apps Gaming Cameras PC/Laptops AUDIO/VIDEO How To Telecom Science INDIA INTERNET SOCIAL MEDIA WEARABLES हिंदी. Acer Adcom Alcatel Apple Archos Asus BlackBerry Blu Celkon Coolpad Datawind Fly Gionee HTC Huawei iBall iBerry Idea InFocus Intex iVoomi Jivi Karbonn Lava LeEco Lenovo LG Lyf Maxx Mobile Meizu Micromax Microsoft Motorola MTS Nokia Obi Oppo Panasonic Philips Ringing Bells Samsung Sony Spice Swipe Videocon Vivo Wickedleak Xiaomi Xolo Yu Zen Ziox Zopo ZTE. Home Mobiles Phone Finder Alcatel Pixi 4 Plus Power. Alcatel Pixi 4 Plus Power. SPECIFICATIONS USER REVIEWS NEWS. Share on Facebook Tweet Share Share Email Reddit. Alcatel Pixi 4 Plus Power smartphone was launched in September 2016. The phone comes with a 5.50-inch touchscreen display with a resolution of 720 pixels by 1280 pixels. It comes with 1GB of RAM. The phone packs 8GB of internal storage that can be expanded up to 32GB via a microSD card. As far as the cameras are concerned, the Alcatel Pixi 4 Plus Power packs a 13-megapixel primary camera on the rear and a 5-megapixel front shooter for selfies. The Alcatel Pixi 4 Plus Power runs Android 6.0 and is powered by a 5000mAh non removable battery. It measures 152.00 x 78.30 x 9.90 (height x width x thickness) and weigh 202.00 grams. The Alcatel Pixi 4 Plus Power is a dual SIM (GSM and GSM) smartphone that accepts Micro-SIM and Micro-SIM. Connectivity options include Wi-Fi, GPS, Bluetooth and 3G. Sensors on the phone include Proximity sensor, Accelerometer and Ambient light sensor.. Alcatel Pixi 4 Plus Power With 13-Megapixel Camera, 5000mAh Battery Goes Official. More Alcatel mobiles Alcatel mobiles price in India. Alcatel Pixi 4 Plus Power detailed specifications. Release date September 2016 Form factor Touchscreen Dimensions (mm) 152.00 x 78.30 x 9.90 Weight (g) 202.00 Battery capacity (mAh) 5000 Removable battery No Colours White, Black. Screen size (inches) 5.50 Touchscreen Yes Resolution 720x1280 pixels. RAM 1GB Internal storage 8GB Expandable storage Yes Expandable storage type microSD Expandable storage up to (GB) 32. Rear camera 13-megapixel Rear Flash Yes Front camera 5-megapixel Front Flash Yes. Wi-Fi Yes Wi-Fi standards supported 802.11 b/g/n GPS Yes Bluetooth Yes, v 4.00 NFC No Infrared No USB OTG No Headphones 3.5mm FM No Number of SIMs 2 SIM 1 SIM Type Micro-SIM GSM/CDMA GSM 3G Yes 4G/ LTE No Supports 4G in India (Band 40) No SIM 2 SIM Type Micro-SIM GSM/CDMA GSM 3G Yes 4G/ LTE No Supports 4G in India (Band 40) No. Compass/ Magnetometer No Proximity sensor Yes Accelerometer Yes Ambient light sensor Yes Gyroscope No Barometer No Temperature sensor No. Error or missing information? Please let us know. User ratings and reviews for Alcatel Pixi 4 Plus Power. 0 Out of 5. 5 Star 4 Star 3 Star 2 Star 1 Star. Alcatel Pixi 4 Plus Power With 13-Megapixel Camera, 5000mAh Battery Goes Official. Alcatel 5 Alcatel 3V Alcatel 3X Alcatel 3 Alcatel 1X Alcatel 3C Alcatel A7 XL Alcatel A7 Alcatel Idol 5 Alcatel Idol 5S Alcatel U5 HD Alcatel Idol 4 Pro Alcatel A30 Plus Alcatel Idol 5S Alcatel A50 Alcatel Flash Alcatel U5 Alcatel A5 LED Alcatel A3 Alcatel A3 XL Alcatel Idol 4S (Windows 10) Alcatel Pixi 4 (5) Alcatel XL Alcatel Shine Lite Alcatel X1 Alcatel Pop Star Alcatel Pop 4S Alcatel Pop 4+ Alcatel Pop 4. Alcatel Pixi 4 Plus Power Comparison. Alcatel Pixi 4 Plus Power vs. Huawei Y360 Alcatel Pixi 4 Plus Power vs. Samsung Galaxy J7 Prime vs. Motorola Moto E3 Power vs. Micromax Unite 4 Pro Alcatel Pixi 4 Plus Power vs. Microsoft Lumia 650 Alcatel Pixi 4 Plus Power vs. Micromax Unite 4 Pro Alcatel Pixi 4 Plus Power vs. Huawei Y300 Alcatel Pixi 4 Plus Power vs. Coolpad Note 3 Lite Coolpad Note 5 vs. Alcatel Pixi 4 Plus Power Alcatel Pixi 4 Plus Power vs. Motorola Moto Z Force Coolpad Note 5 vs. Alcatel Pixi 4 Plus Power vs. Samsung Galaxy J7 2016 Alcatel Pixi 4 Plus Power vs. Nokia 7 Plus Is an Android One Phone With Dual Rear Cameras, Zeiss Optics Samsung Galaxy S9, Galaxy S9+ With Improved Cameras, AR Emoji Launched Samsung Galaxy S9, Galaxy S9+ Pre-Orders Now Open in India Nokia 7 Plus vs Nokia 7 Sony Xperia XZ2, Xperia XZ2 Compact With 18:9 Displays Launched at MWC Nokia 8110 4G Is a 'Slider' Feature Phone With Google, Facebook Apps OnePlus 5, OnePlus 5T HD Content Streaming Issue Fixed, With a Catch Sony Unveils Xperia Ear Duo to Answer Apple AirPods, Samsung Gear IconX Mi MIX 2S With Snapdragon 845 Confirmed by Xiaomi; Launching on March 27 Vodafone to Offer 4.5GB Data Per Day for 28 Days at Rs. Samsung phones price list Lyf phones price list Micromax phones price list Sony phones price list Htc phones price list Lenovo phones price list Intex phones price list Lava phones price list Apple phones price list Nokia phones price list Xolo phones price list Lg phones price list Vivo phones price list Oppo phones price list Gionee phones price list Motorola phones price list Blackberry phones price list Xiaomi phones price list. Sitemaps Archives Advertise About Us Feedback Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions Complaint Redressal Careers Contact Us RSS Ethics Alcatel Pixi 4 Plus Power in Hindi. © Copyright Red Pixels Ventures Limited 2018. Subject Comments. 
The next video is starting stop. Want to watch this again later?. Sign in to add this video to a playlist.. Sign in to report inappropriate content.. Sign in to make your opinion count.. Sign in to make your opinion count.. Rating is available when the video has been rented.. This feature is not available right now. Još jedan budžetski telefon stiže nam na test od kompanije Alcatel: najbitnija karakteristika ovog telefona svakako je sjajna baterija od 5000 mAh ali i nešto drugačiji dizajn Pročitajte kompletan test uređaja na: http://bit.ly/2tIpSHT Pretplati se na Benchmark Youtube kanal: http://bit.ly/1XkAkMF ------------------------------­­-----------------------------­-­-------------------------- Prati nas na: Web: http://www.benchmark.rs Facebook: https://www.facebook.com/benchrs Twitter: https://twitter.com/benchrs ------------------------------­------------------------------­----------------------------. When autoplay is enabled, a suggested video will automatically play next.. Обзор Alcatel pixi 4 Plus Power 5023f. Alcatel pixi 4 plus power unboxing from lazada. Распаковка Alcatel Pixi 4 Plus Power 5023F / Unboxing Alcatel Pixi 4 Plus Power 5023F. Alcatel pixi 4 plus power unboxing. Alcatel Pixi 4 Plus Power || Super Powerful 13MP Camera 2016. HARD RESET Alcatel PIXI 4 | How to | Restore. Alcatel Pixi 4 Plus Good Performance & A Humongous Battery for Cheap Review. Alcatel Pixi 4 Plus Power | Unboxing and Rewiew. INSERT SIM & Memory SD Card Alcatel PIXI 4 | How to. Alcatel Pixi 4 Plus Power With 13 Megapixel Camera, 5000mAh Battery. SCREENSHOT Alcatel PIXI 4 | How to | Tips and tricks. Alcatel Pixi 4 Plus Power Full Specification Details in Hindi. Alcatel Pixi 4 (5.5) - Review en Español/Pantalla HD a un super precio. Alcatel Pixi 4 Plus Power Commercial. Alcatel Pixi 4 Plus Power 4G LTE Smartphone Hands On Unboxing Review. Introducing Alcatel PIXI 4 PLUS POWER. Alcatel Pixi 4 6" Unboxing And First Impressions. Sign in to add this to Watch Later. 
Home Shop MWC News Reviews Features Opinions Videos The Gadgets 360 Show Cell Guru Prime Tech Smartphone Reviews Tech and Gadget Reviews How-To Videos Video Game Reviews and Features Top Lists by Gadgets 360 Unboxing and Hands-On Videos Podcasts Compare Mobiles Phone Finder DEALS. Mobiles Tablets Apps Gaming Cameras PC/Laptops AUDIO/VIDEO How To Telecom Science INDIA INTERNET SOCIAL MEDIA WEARABLES हिंदी. Home Mobiles Mobiles News. Alcatel Pixi 4 Plus Power With 13-Megapixel Camera, 5000mAh Battery Goes Official. Shubham Verma , 27 September 2016. Share on Facebook Tweet Share Share Email Reddit Comment. Pixi 4 Plus Power houses a 13-megapixel rear camera with flash. It has a massive 5000mAh battery with a support to charge other phones. There are no details on the price yet. In order to strengthen its Pixi range of smartphones, Alcatel has unveiled a new smartphone to the series. Called the Alcatel Pixi 4 Plus Power, the biggest highlight of the smartphone is its 5000mAh battery and the ability to double as a power bank for other smartphones. The Pixi 4 Plus Power is available in Black and White colours with interchangeable back panels of the following colours - Blue, Green, Orange, White, and Black. The price and availability details are not known yet.. The dual-SIM (Micro+Micro) card supporting Pixi 4 Plus Power runs on Android 6.0 Marshmallow. The smartphone sports a 5.5-inch HD (720x1280) IPS display. The company has not specified the processor on the smartphone, or even the number of cores. The Pixi 4 Plus Power has two snappers - at the back is a 13-megapixel shooter with a flash, while at the front is a 5-megapixel camera also with a flash module. The camera app comes with 16 preloaded filters and 13 colourful borders. The smartphone bears 8GB of inbuilt storage that is expandable via microSD card (up to 32GB).. As we mentioned, the Pixi 4 Plus Power bears a massive 5000mAh battery that is rated to last up to 2.7 days without a charge, as claimed by Alcatel. That said, the smartphone can deliver 22 hours of Wi-Fi browsing, 14 hours of video streaming, and 5 days of continuous music playback. Adding to its amazing battery, the Pixi 4 Plus Power can double as a power bank to another phone with a Micro-USB cable. The company also claims that the full-charge battery of the smartphone can charge a tablet with nearly 2850mAh battery capacity and a smartphone 1.3 times with a battery capacity of 2000mAh.. The connectivity options in the smartphone include 3G, GPRS/EDGE, Wi-Fi (802.11 b/g/n), Wi-Fi Direct, Bluetooth v4.0, GPS, and Micro-USB 2.0. The Pixi 4 Plus Power also houses Arkamys optimised speakers for a better audio experience. It measures 152x78.3x9.9mm and weighs in 202 grams.. For the latest smartphone launches by Samsung, Nokia, Sony, Asus, and other MWC 2018 announcements, visit our MWC hub .. Alcatel Pixi 4 Plus Power With 13-Megapixel Camera, 5000mAh Battery Goes Official. More Alcatel mobiles Alcatel mobiles price in India. Further reading: Alcatel , Alcatel Pixi 4 Plus Power Specifications , Android , Mobiles. Facebook Ordered to Delete WhatsApp User Data by German Regulator. Telegram Allows You to Make Gif Images and More; Now Supports Android 7.0 Nougat. Alcatel Pixi 4 Plus Power With 13-Megapixel Camera, 5000mAh Battery Goes Official. Samsung Galaxy S9 और Galaxy S9+ स्मार्टफोन लॉन्च. Nokia 1 एंड्रॉयड गो स्मार्टफोन हुआ लॉन्च. LG V30S ThinQ के साथ MWC 2018 में एलजी ने दी दस्तक. Samsung Galaxy S9, Galaxy S9+ Launched: What's New?. Why Game of Thrones Creators Writing Star Wars Might Be a Bad, Bad Idea. Design by User Feedback? The Customer Isn't Always Right. PS4 Is a Best-Seller but Here Are 4 Reasons It's Far From Perfect. This Is When the New Nokia Phones Will Launch in India Final Fantasy XV to Get New Episodes Until 2019 Vivo Unveils Concept Phone With Half-Screen Fingerprint Scanning at MWC Metal Gear Survive Has a Hidden Message, This Is What It Could Mean Canon EOS 1500D, EOS 3000D Entry-Level DSLRs Launched in India BSNL Partners Nokia for Rollout of 4G VoLTE Services Sony Unveils Xperia Ear Duo to Answer Apple AirPods, Samsung Gear IconX Sony Xperia XZ2, Xperia XZ2 Compact With 18:9 Displays Launched at MWC Mi MIX 2S With Snapdragon 845 Confirmed by Xiaomi; Launching on March 27 Huawei Launches Windows Laptop and Android Tablet at MWC 2018. Nokia 7 Plus Is an Android One Phone With Dual Rear Cameras, Zeiss Optics Samsung Galaxy S9, Galaxy S9+ With Improved Cameras, AR Emoji Launched Samsung Galaxy S9, Galaxy S9+ Pre-Orders Now Open in India Nokia 7 Plus vs Nokia 7 Sony Xperia XZ2, Xperia XZ2 Compact With 18:9 Displays Launched at MWC Nokia 8110 4G Is a 'Slider' Feature Phone With Google, Facebook Apps OnePlus 5, OnePlus 5T HD Content Streaming Issue Fixed, With a Catch Sony Unveils Xperia Ear Duo to Answer Apple AirPods, Samsung Gear IconX Mi MIX 2S With Snapdragon 845 Confirmed by Xiaomi; Launching on March 27 Vodafone to Offer 4.5GB Data Per Day for 28 Days at Rs. Sitemaps Archives Advertise About Us Feedback Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions Complaint Redressal Careers Contact Us RSS Ethics Gadgets Hindi. © Copyright Red Pixels Ventures Limited 2018. 
Alcatel Pixi 4 Plus Power Price in the Philippines and Specification. A 5.5-inches HD phablet sized device with 5000 mAh large battery capacity is named Pixi 4 Plus Power.. 5.5 inches, HD (1280 x 720). * Prices updated on Feb 26, 2018. * The prices listed have been converted from USD to PHP based on exchange rates of Feb 23, 2018.. Brandnew sealed we accept trade in swap limited stock only. Brandnew sealed we accept trade in swap limited stock only. depends on the location, 2-3 days. Free shipping or from P55...., 5-10 business days for ... Free shipping or from P55...., 5-10 business days for ... Alcatel Pixi 4 Plus Power Price in the Philippines Starts from P5,400. The lowest price of Alcatel Pixi 4 Plus Power is P5,400 at Taiyen General Merchandise, Ame Czarrief Cellphone Shop and Tere Cellphone & Accessories, which is 45% less than the cost of Pixi 4 Plus Power at Lazada (P9,890).. The latest price of Alcatel Pixi 4 Plus Power was updated on Feb 26, 2018, 13:04.. Video of Alcatel Pixi 4 Plus Power. Official Alcatel Pixi 4 Plus Power Commercial. Specs of Alcatel Pixi 4 Plus Power. Micro SIM, Dual SIM, Dual Standby. , 2.7 days without a charge. , 5 days non stop music. GSM 850 / 900 / 1800 / 1900. 3G HSPA+: 21Mbps downlink, 5.76Mbps uplink. WiFi, Hotspot/Tethering, GPS, Bluetooth, Image Stabilization, Flash. 152 x 78.3 x 9.9 mm. Reviews of Alcatel Pixi 4 Plus Power. User Review : 1 Reviews. Marami ang nag sasabi sa akin na hindi daw maganda ang alcatel pero ito yung phone kon nagyon maganda naman ... Write a review on this product. Read more reviews on this product. Forum of Alcatel Pixi 4 Plus Power. Let's post your questions on this product. You might receive fruitful information from others.. Compared to Alcatel Pixi 4 Plus Power. LG Optimus G Pro 2 D838 16GB. 5 inches, FWVGA (854 x 480). 2G, 3G, 4G (LTE), 8GB, 1GB. 5.5 inches, 1080 x 1920 p... 2G, 3G, 4G (LTE), 16GB, 3... 4.0 inches, WVGA (800 x 480). 2G, 3G, 4G (LTE), 8GB, 1GB. Alcatel One Touch Pop 3 (5.5). Most viewed ranking for Alcatel Mobile Phones. View Mode: PC | Mobile. Please be aware that we cannot guarantee that all the information shown, such as prices, specs, images, etc. Prices and stock availability for each shop are always changing. If you are considering making a purchase, please refer to the merchant's page to ensure that you have the most up-to-date information. In order to use this website and its services, users must consent to and abide by the Terms of Use. By accessing or using any area of this website, you hereby agree to be legally bound and abide by the Terms.. Copyright © Priceprice.com All rights reserved. (Produced by kakaku.com that is Japan's No.1 Comparison Website). 
Page of. Manual will be automatically added to "My Manuals". Manuals Brands Alcatel Manuals Cell Phone PIXI4 PLUS POWER Manual Alcatel PIXI4 PLUS POWER Manual. Related Manuals for Alcatel PIXI4 PLUS POWER. Cell Phone Alcatel onetouch pixi7 I216X Quick Start Manual. Cell Phone Alcatel Pixi3 4009D User Manual. Cell Phone Alcatel Pixi3 4009X Quick Start Manual. Cell Phone Alcatel onetouch pixi 7 Get Started. Cell Phone Alcatel onetouch pixi 7 User Manual. Cell Phone Alcatel PIXI3 8079 Quick Start Manual. Cell Phone Alcatel Pixi4 User Manual. Cell Phone Alcatel PIXI4 User Manual. Cell Phone Alcatel Pixi 4 User Manual. Cell Phone Alcatel OnTouch Pop S3 Manual. Cell Phone Alcatel POP C1 Quick Start Manual. Cell Phone Alcatel POP D3 User Manual. Cell Phone Alcatel ONE TOUCH P310A Quick Start Manual. Cell Phone Alcatel onetouch Pop A520L Nova LTE Quick Start Manual. Cell Phone Alcatel OneTouch Pop 8 LTE User Manual. Summary of Contents for Alcatel PIXI4 PLUS POWER. Page 26: Calendar & Alarm Clock & Calculator. Page 30: Connecting To Bluetooth Devices. Page 31: Connecting To A Computer Via Usb. Page 32: Sharing Your Phone's Mobile Data Connection. This manual describes OS Android M for: Table of Contents • PIXI4 PLUS POWER (5023E, 5023F) Help Refer to the following resources to get more FAQ, software, and service Safety and use ....................4 information. Regulatory information ................14 To learn about Do this General information ................... Connecting to virtual private networks ..........61 11.2 FOTA Upgrade ..................94 Multimedia applications ..............63 12 Accessories ..................95 Camera ......................63 13 Warranty....................96 Gallery ......................67 14 Troubleshooting .................. 98 Music ......................70 15 Specifications ..................104 Others ....................71 Files ......................71 Sound Recorder ..................71 Radio ......................72 User Centre ....................73 User Care ....................77.... To avoid hearing impairment, pick up the call before holding your phone to your ear. Also move the handset away from your ear while using the “hands-free” Safety and use ..........mode because the amplified volume might cause hearing damage. Do not let children use the phone and/or play with the telephone and accessories without supervision.. • BATTERY: Parents should monitor their children’s use of video games or other features that incorporate flashing lights on the phones. All persons should discontinue Following new air regulation, the battery of your product is not charged. Please use and consult a doctor if any of the following symptoms occur: convulsion, charge it first.. 5V 2A charger compared to a 5V 550mA charger. The highest SAR values under the ICNIRP guidelines for this device model are: All battery figures are based on Alcatel’s internal lab testing and smartphone usage profile*. Individual results may vary according to conditions and usage.. (iv) the sensitivity of the personal data processed. For more information you can go to www.alcatel-mobile.com You can access, review and edit your personal information at any time by Additional information about electromagnetic fields and public health are logging into your user account, visiting your user profile or by contacting us available on the following site: http:/ /www.who.int/peh-emf.. You may download the source codes from http:/ /sourceforge.net/projects/ alcatel/files/. The provision of the source code is free of charge from internet. We hereby point out that the end user warranty for infringement IPR is solely limited to the EU.. The following approvals and notices apply in specific regions as noted.. We recommend that you note the number the first time you use your telephone by entering *#06# and keep it in a •. It may be requested by the police or your operator if your telephone is stolen.. Disclaimer Your mobile ..........There may be certain differences between the user manual description and the phone’s operation, depending on the software release of your telephone or specific operator services. TCL Communication shall not be held legally responsible for such differences, if any, nor for their potential consequences, which responsibility shall be borne Keys and connectors by the operator exclusively.. Touch to switch between individual app activities and documents. 1.2.1 Set up Inserting or removing the SIM/microSD card Home key A micro-SIM card is required to make phone calls and use mobile networks. From any application or screen, touch to return to the Home screen. you have a SIM card, insert it before setting up the phone.. Home screen Long press Touching the Home key always takes you to your main Home screen, and you can personalise all your Home screens by adding your favourite apps, shortcuts To enter the available options for an item, long press the item. For example, and widgets to them.. 1.3.2 Status bar From the status bar, you can see both phone status (on the right side) and notification information (on the left side). Notification panel Drag down the status bar to view notifications and drag down again to open the Quick settings panel.. 1.3.6 Widgets and recently-used applications To unlock the phone screen Press the Power key once to light up the screen, slide to draw the unlock Consult widgets pattern you have created or enter your PIN or password to unlock the screen. Long press an empty area on the Home screen, then touch WIDGETS to display If you have chosen Swipe as the screen lock, swipe the lock icon upward to all widgets.. 1.3.7 Volume adjustment Text input ..........Using the volume key Press the Volume key to adjust the volume. To activate the vibrate mode, press the Volume down key until the phone vibrates. Press the Volume down key Using the Onscreen Keyboard once more to activate the Don't disturb mode.. Text editing Call, Call log and Contacts ....You can edit the texts you entered. Long press the text you want to edit. Drag the tabs to change the highlighted selection. The following options will show: SELECT ALL, CUT, COPY, and SHARE. 3.1.1 Making a call To make a call when the phone is on, go to the Home screen and touch the.... Enter the number you want from the dial pad or select a contact from Call log To mute incoming calls, press the Volume up/down key. or Contacts by touching tabs, then touch to place the call. 3.1.3 Calling your voicemail The number you entered can be saved to Contacts by touching the Create new contact icon or the Add to a contact icon.... 3.1.6 Call settings End the current call. Touch and select Settings from Phone screen, the following options are available: Touch once to activate the speaker during the current call. Touch this icon again to deactivate the speaker. Display options • Sort by To set the contacts display by First name or Last name. Touch once to mute the current call.. Call log Delete contacts Long press the contact you want to delete untill the contact photo turns to You can open your call history by touching from the Phone screen. , then touch and select Delete. Touch a contact or number for further operations. The contact you have deleted will also be removed from other applications on the phone or web the next time you synchronise your You can view detailed information of a call, redial or call back to a contact or.... This choice is only available when the contact has more than one number. When finished, touch the 3.3.4 Use Quick contact for Android icon to save Touch a contact to open Quick contact for Android, then you can touch the number to make a call, or touch to send a message.. 3.3.5 Importing, exporting and sharing contacts 3.3.8 Synchronising contacts in multiple accounts From the Contacts screen, touch to open the options menu, touch Import/ Contacts, data or other information can be synchronised from multiple Export, then choose to import/export contacts from/to your accounts, SIM accounts, depending on the applications installed on your phone.. Sending a text message Messaging ......... Enter the name or mobile phone number of the recipient on the recipients bar or touch to add recipients, then touch the content bar to enter the text of the message. When finished, touch to send the text message.. Attach options: Open options menu •. Pictures Open Gallery or File Manager to select a picture as an attachment •. Capture picture Open the Camera to make a new picture to attach View other slides •. Videos Open Gallery or File manager to select a video as an attachment •. Capture video Open the Camcorder to record a new video to attach.. Adjust message settings Multimedia Message (MMS) •. Group messaging When enabled, you will be able to send a single In the message list screen, touch and select Settings. Request delivery Will request a delivery report for each multimedia report message you send.. General Calendar & Alarm clock & Calculator •. Message font size Select a message font size. Delete old messages Will delete old messages when maximum number of stored messages is reached. Text message limit Touch to set the number of text messages to be Use Calendar to keep track of important meetings, appointments, etc.. 5.1.3 To delete or edit an event Schedule view Day view •. Touch an event to open its details screen, then touch to edit the event, 3-day view or touch or DELETE to delete. Week view 5.1.4 Event reminder Month view If a reminder is set for an event, the upcoming event icon will appear on the Status bar as a notification when the reminder time arrives.. 5.2.3 Countdown To adjust alarm settings Touch from the Alarms screen. The following options will be available under From the Time screen, touch to enter the Countdown screen. Settings: Touch the digits to set the countdown time. Type the time in hour, minute and second number sequence.. Calculator ..............Getting connected ........To solve mathematical problems with Calculator, touch the Application tab from the Home screen, then touch Calculator. Your phone can connect to the Internet using either GPRS/EDGE/3G or Wi-Fi. There are two panels available: Basic calculation and Scientific calculation. Connecting to the Internet To switch between panels, select one of the following two ways: •. Swipe the basic calculation screen to the left to open the scientific calculation.. Wi-Fi is on: 1 Touch on the Quick settings bar to get to Settings. You are recommended to use ALCATEL Bluetooth headsets, which have been tested and proved compatible with your phone. Touch Wi-Fi, then touch and select Advanced.. To make your phone more recognisable, you can change your phone's name To disconnect/unpair from a Bluetooth device which is visible to others. Touch after the device name you want to unpair. Sharing your phone's mobile data connection To rename or secure your portable hotspot When a Portable Wi-Fi hotspot is activated, you can change the name of your You can share your phone's mobile data connection with a single computer via phone's Wi-Fi network (SSID) and secure its Wi-Fi network.. To connect/disconnect to a VPN Multimedia applications To connect to a VPN: on the Quick settings bar to get to Settings. VPNs you have added are listed; touch the VPN you want to connect with. Your mobile phone is fitted with a Camera for taking photos and shooting 4.. HDR Touch HDR on the top middle of the screen to turn on HDR (high-dynamic range) function. The screen acts as the viewfinder. First position the object or landscape in the HDR photos can capture a greater range of viewfinder, touch to take the picture which will be automatically saved.. Camera Gallery ................Touch switches to turn on or off Shutter sound, Zero shutter delay, anti- shake, Face detection, Smile shot, and Auto scene detection when taking a Gallery acts as a media player for you to view photos and play videos. Share the picture Phone Editor Go back Open options menu Edit the picture Touch in the full-screen picture view to edit a picture through Phone Editor Set effects such as Punch, Vintage, B/W, Bleach, etc. Crop, Straighten, Rotate, Mirror or Draw the picture.. You can play music files stored on your phone or microSD card. Music files can be downloaded from your computer to the phone or microSD card using a USB cable. Files ................To play your music, touch Music from the Home screen. You will find four categories in which all songs are classified: Artists, Albums, Songs, and Playlists.. Save channel Touch to save current channel. Your phone is equipped with a radio with RDS functionality. Scan channels Scan for all channels available. application as a traditional radio with saved channels or with visual information related to the radio programme displayed if you turn to stations that offer •. Edit name Edit the channel name.. Allows you to back up contact entries so that you don't have to worry about losing, breaking, switching phones or changing service providers. Messages Frees you from painstakingly inputting text on the keypads. All of your Google apps are preinstalled on your phone to improve work efficiency and messages are easily accessible and well-organised.. 4 Enter the subject and the content of the message. Delete all contents 5 Touch icon and select Attach file to add an attachment. 6 Finally, touch the icon to send. 7 If you do not want to send the mail out right away, you can touch the icon and then Save draft or touch the Back key to save a copy.. Maps Hangouts Google Maps offers satellite imagery, street maps, 360° panoramic views of Google Hangouts is a communication platform developed by Google which streets, real-time traffic conditions, and route planning for traveling by foot, includes instant messaging, video chat, SMS and VOIP features. You should add car, or public transportation.. If you do not need to transmit data on mobile networks, turn off Data enabled to avoid significant charges for data use on local operator mobile networks, Settings ......... particularly if you do not have a mobile data agreement. Set mobile data limit To go to Settings, touch the Application tab from the Home screen, then Touch the switch.... 10.1.7 More\VPN 10.2 Device A mobile virtual private network (mobile VPN or mVPN) provides mobile 10.2.1 Display devices with access to network resources and software applications on their home network, when they connect via other wireless or wired networks. In this menu, you can customise your screen brightness, wallpaper, phone sleep Mobile VPNs are used in environments where workers need to keep application time, font size, etc.. You can also view the battery usage data since your last full charge. General Slide to adjust volume for media, alarm, ringtone, also shows your battery status and how long it can still be used before your next etc.. Encrypt phone Trusted credentials Requires a numeric PIN, pattern, or password to decrypt your phone each time Touch to display trusted CA certificates. Clear credentials Set up SIM card lock Touch to remove all certificates. Choose a SIM card you want to configure if your phone have two. Trusted agents Turn on Lock SIM card switch to lock the SIM card with PIN code.. 10.3.6 Backup & reset Language Select the language and the region you want. Back up my data Spell checker Turn on the switch to back up your phone’s settings and other application data to Google servers, with your Google account. If you replace your phone, Turn on the switch to enable the system to show suggested words.. When you are unable to power on your phone, there is another way to perform TalkBack a factory data reset by using hardware keys. Press the Volume up key and the Touch to turn on/off TalkBack. With TalkBack on, your device provides spoken Power key at same time until the screen lights up.. 10.4.6 About phone Speak passwords Turn on the switch to speak passwords while typing. This contains information ranging from Legal information, Model number, Android version, Baseband version, Kernel version, Build number to those Accessibility shortcut listed below: Turn on the switch to enable quick activating for accessibility features.. You can use Mobile Upgrade tool or FOTA Upgrade tool to update your The latest generation of ALCATEL mobile phones offers a built-in handsfree phone's software. feature that allows you to use the telephone from a distance, placed on a table for example.. 5) Inclement weather, lightning, fire, humidity, infiltration of liquids or foods, chemical products, download of files, crash, high voltage, corrosion, Warranty ..........oxidation… Your phone will not be repaired in case labels or serial numbers (IMEI) have been removed or altered. Your phone is warranted against any defect or malfunctioning which may occur in conditions of normal use during the warranty period of twelve (12) months There are no express warranties, whether written, oral or implied, other than.... My phone can't charge properly •. Use Factory data reset and Mobile Upgrade tool to perform phone formatting •. Make sure you are using an ALCATEL battery and the charger from the box. or software upgrading (to reset factory data, hold down the Power key and •. Make sure that your battery is not completely discharged;.... Make sure the chip on your SIM card is not damaged or scratched. Make sure the service of your SIM card is available. Make sure this feature does not require an ALCATEL accessory. Unable to make outgoing calls When I select a number from my contacts, the number can't be dialled •. Make sure you have dialled a valid number and have touched Call.. SIM card PIN locked The phone will become warm following prolonged calls, game playing, internet surfing or running other complex applications. Contact your network operator to obtain the PUK code (Personal Unblocking Key). This heating is a normal consequence of the CPU handling excessive data. Ending above actions will make your phone return to normal temperatures.. Video supported H.263, H.264 AVC, MPEG-4 SP Specifications ........formats Battery •. Capacity: 5000mAh Processor MT6580+1.3GHz Quad core Expansion Slot microSD™ memory card Platform Android™ M (Availability of microSD card depends on market) Memory 8GB ROM +1GB RAM Special Features •. ALCATEL is a trademark of Alcatel-Lucent and is used under license by TCL Communication Ltd. © Copyright 2016 TCL Communication Ltd All rights reserved TCL Communication Ltd reserves the right to alter material or technical specification without prior notice. All "Signature" ringtones embedded in this phone have been composed,.... By pressing 'print' button you will print only current page. To print the manual completely, please, download it.. Don't show me this message again.. Our app is now available on Google Play. Don't have an account? Sign up!. 
alcatel Pixi 4 Plus Power - user opinions and reviews. Pages: 1 2 3 4 ». You get lot more then u pay. Little heavier and bulky then average mobile size. LCD is just OK but not bad. How long does it take to fully charge?. good for back up phone nothing more...if you travel a lot these is most have. just want to ask if this phone is good in video calls like skype even at night... the camera is worse, i suggest not to buy this phone. MAHAYYI, 03 Jun 2017 hi everyone, i want to know how to take screenshots on this device. press power+volume down in a seconds... Er, 01 Aug 2017 This phone is a punishment for all those who have decided not to take any of the Samsung's mod... more still i am sure, not to buy any of samsung phones. most of those craps are working in background and sucks all the internet.. This phone is a punishment for all those who have decided not to take any of the Samsung's models ... It's basically impossible to set different sounds for 2 sim cards, the camera has distortion and looks more like 5 Mpix, and of course ,it installs all data in internal memory although it's set up differently , without the possibility of moving instaled programs to sd card ... These are the first impressions, who knows what surprises I can expect these days. So good 7 months with it, no issues. The camera performance more than expected. surpriseduser, 28 Feb 2017 oh dear.......lasts 3 days with heavy use.... my note 5 only holds for four to five hours.... Hpw long does it take toget fully charhed from zero percent...heard it has fast chrge???. I m using this phone few days, i can say that the battery is powerful. Anonymous, 26 May 2017 Hiii i want to buy this phone tomorrow but i want to ask you about its camera, is it good or bad? Good. MAHAYYI, 03 Jun 2017 hi everyone, i want to know how to take screenshots on this device. Download DU recorder from play store and you are ready to go. MAHAYYI, 03 Jun 2017 hi everyone, i want to know how to take screenshots on this device. To take screen shot press power button and low volume button together for like two seconds .. 12 hours of nonstop browsing on 3G for less than 100 dollars maaaad!! No much hanging , more than ok camera. Thank God i bought it, cant really find a fault at that price. Indie gal, 13 Jun 2017 Hi, somewhere in the manual I saw something about 4G. Is this a 4G phone or not? Don't have 4G but for the price everything else is more than good. Have use it for a month, battery 10 hours of continuous browsing, camera good even at night, screen good. Hi, somewhere in the manual I saw something about 4G. Is this a 4G phone or not?. Speaker is perfect, i downloaded MX player that doubles volume. Nearly perfect phone for its price. Anonymous, 26 May 2017 Hiii i want to buy this phone tomorrow but i want to ask you about its camera, is it good or bad? Bad.... Pages: 1 2 3 4 ». Total of 65 user reviews and opinions for alcatel Pixi 4 Plus Power .. Samsung Apple Nokia Sony LG HTC Motorola Huawei Microsoft Lenovo Xiaomi Google Acer Asus Oppo OnePlus Meizu BlackBerry Alcatel ZTE Toshiba Vodafone Energizer XOLO Lava Micromax BLU Gionee vivo LeEco Panasonic HP YU verykool Maxwest Plum. alcatel Pixi 4 (6) Nokia 2 alcatel U5 alcatel Pixi 4 (5) Motorola Moto C Plus Motorola Moto C. alcatel 3x alcatel 3 alcatel 1x alcatel 5 alcatel 3v alcatel Pixi 4 (5). 
Ovaj sajt ne možete videti u pretraživaču koji koristite. Instalirajte noviju verziju svog pretraživača ili probajte da pristupite sa nekim od ponuđenih verzija.. Košarkaški savez Srbije KK Crvena zvezda mts FK Partizan FK Crvena zvezda FK Radnički Niš KK Partizan VK Crvena zvezda Odbojkaški klub Vojvodina. Potrebna mi je pomoć u segmentu:. Potrebna mi je pomoć u segmentu:. UNESITE BROJ TELEFONA NA KOJI SE ODNOSI VAŠE PITANJE:. Svi agenti su trenutno zauzeti, molimo Vas da pokušate ponovo.. Došlo je do greške, e-mail nije poslat. Vaša poruka je poslata, odgovor ćete dobiti na navedenu e-mail adresu.. Vaša poruka je poslata, prvi slobodan agent će Vam odgovoriti u najkraćem roku.. Molimo Vas da ostavite poruku, odgovor će biti poslat na navedenu e-mail adresu.. Da li vam je potrebna pomoć?. Samsung Galaxy S9 i S9+ rezervacija. iPhone 8 i iPhone 8 Plus. Promo – postpejd linija uz Box. Kupite telefon i pre isteka ugovora. Sjajan poklon – Sony bežični zvučnik. mts poklanja - 100 GB mesečno!. mts televizija – 6 meseci besplatno. Promo – mts TV GO i TV na više uređaja. TV5 Monde specijal – Dan zaljubljenih. Minimax - specijalno za sve mališane!. ALCATEL PIXI 4 PLUS POWER DS. Kupovina na rate bez kamate putem mts računa. Sadržaj prodajnog paketa: telefon integrisana baterija punjač sa DATA kablom - microUSB to microUSB (Charge out Cable) slušalice sa mikrofonom uputstvo na srpskom garancija. Plaćanje uređaja pouzećem ili putem mts računa. Plaćanje uređaja na rate putem računa mts-a. Uz sve Miks i Super tarife dobijate duplo više MB tokom trajanja cele ugovorne obaveze. Novi korisnici tarifa Miks XL Plus, Miks XXL, Super i Super Plus mogu da koriste minute ka svima iz mesečne naknade i za pozive ka fiksnim i mobilnim mrežama m:tel Crna Gora i m:tel Republika Srpska. Takođe, poruke iz mesečne naknade se mogu koristiti za komunikaciju ka navedenim mrežama. Ovo se ne odnosi na pozive i poruke ka brojevima korisnika koji su izvršili prenos broja u mrežu m:tel Crna Gora, odnosno m:tel Republika Srpska. Maloprodajna cena uređaja iznosi 21.000,00 din.. Plaćanje uređaja pouzećem ili putem računa mts-a. Plaćanje uređaja na rate putem računa mts-a. Uz sve Miks i Super tarife dobijate duplo više MB tokom trajanja cele ugovorne obaveze. Novi korisnici tarifa Miks XL Plus, Miks XXL, Super i Super Plus mogu da koriste minute ka svima iz mesečne naknade i za pozive ka fiksnim i mobilnim mrežama m:tel Crna Gora i m:tel Republika Srpska. Takođe, poruke iz mesečne naknade se mogu koristiti za komunikaciju ka navedenim mrežama. Ovo se ne odnosi na pozive i poruke ka brojevima korisnika koji su izvršili prenos broja u mrežu m:tel Crna Gora, odnosno m:tel Republika Srpska. Maloprodajna cena uređaja iznosi 21.000,00 din.. Veličina 152 x 78.3 x 9.9 mm. Tip sim kartice Dual SIM / Micro SIM. Eksterna Podržava microSD do 32 GB. ALCATEL PIXI 4 PLUS POWER DS. Ovaj telefon ima ekran od 5.5 inča, procesor Quad Core 1.3 GHz. Ima 1 GB RAM i 16 GB interne memorije. Ima glavnu kameru od 13 MP, dok pomoćna kamera iznosi 5 MP. Dimenzije ovog telefona su 152 x 78.3 x 9.9 mm, dok mu je masa 197 grama. Telefon podržava dve SIM kartice i ima slot za dve Micro-SIM kartice.. Telekom Srbija | Telekom Srbija Takovska 2, 11000 Beograd, Srbija | 0800100100 | info@telekom.rs , mtsinfo@telekom.rs. 
Phone / Pixi 4 Plus Power. Display : 5.5 inch HD IPS LCD. Pixi 4 Plus Power - Specs. Display Technology => A number of display technologies and types used in mobile phones => TFT (Thin Film Transistor), IPS (In-Place Switching), OLED (Organic Light Emitting Diode), AMOLED (Active-Matrix Organic Light-Emitting Diode), Super AMOLED (an even advanced version of AMOLED), Resistive Touchscreen (Resistive touchscreens contain two layer of conductive material with a very small gap between them which acts as a resistance), Capacitive Touchsceen (Capacitive touchscreen technology consists of a layer of glass coated with a transparent conductor). RAM (Random Access Memory) is a type of computer memory that can be accessed randomly, any byte of memory can be accessed without touching the preceding bytes that allows information to be stored and accessed quickly from random locations. RAM is the most common type of memory found in computer systems, smartphones, tablets and other electronic devices. Internal Storage is a data storage space (flash memory) mostly used in smartphones, tablets and other electronic devices where operating system, apps, music, photos, videos, files and other user data Is stored. Flash Light => There is commonly two types of flash lights are used in camera mobile phones, LED Flash (LED flash offers lower power consumption with drive circuitry that takes up very little room, LEDs can be strobed faster than any other light source), Xenon Flash (xenon flash produces an extremely intense full-spectrum white light for a very short duration). GPS The Global Positioning System is a satellite-based radio navigation system, GPS permits users to determine their position, velocity and the time 24 hours a day, in all weather, anywhere in the world, In order to locate your position, your device or GPS receiver must have a clear view of the sky. Bluetooth is a wireless communications technology for exchanging data between mobile phones, headsets, computers and other network devices over short distances without wires, Bluetooth technology was primarily designed to support simple wireless networking of personal consumer devices. Infrared connectivity is an old wireless technology used to connect two electronic devices. It uses a beam of infrared light to transmit information and so requires direct line of sight and operates only at close range. NFC (Near field communication) is a set of standards for smartphones and similar devices to establish peer-to-peer radio communications with each other by touching them together or bringing them into proximity, usually no more than a few inches. Wireless Charging (Inductive Charging) uses an electromagnetic field to transfer energy between two objects. This is usually done with a charging station. Energy is sent through an inductive coupling to an electrical device, which can then use that energy to charge batteries or run the device. Pixi 4 Plus Power - Reviews. Be the first to add a Review. 6 / 10 based on your selection. Please post a user review only if you have / had this product.. Pixi 4 Plus Power - Photos. Nova Launcher: Feature-rich and fully customizable Android experience. Rei Padla - November 2, 2017. The Nova Launcher is already an old, five-year-old app. It has since developed from being a simple app launcher on Android ICS adding custom.... Google Pixel 2 and Pixel 2 XL Review. Samsung Galaxy Note 8 Review: keeping the flame alive. This small Bluetooth speaker is both rugged and water-resistant [DEALS]. Going on a hiking expedition in the great outdoors? Now you can take your favorite music tracks.... © 2008 - 2018 Android Community. 
Početna Testovi Testovi mobilnih uređaja Testovi mobilnih telefona Test: Alcatel Pixi 4 Plus Power. Test: Alcatel Pixi 4 Plus Power. U nižim kategorijama uređaja, gotovo da je nemoguće navesti proizvođača koji ima širu ponudu od Alcatel-a. Serije Pixi (3, 4, 6), Pop i A, svaka sa po nekoliko modela u ponudi, sve se mogu svrstati u one sa pristupačnijim uređajima. Ipak, među svim tim modelima koji "ciljaju" nezahtevniji deo korisnika smartfona, nekako se nijedan nije izdvajao po onom jednom parametru koji je čak i toj grupi kupaca bitan - naravno, mislimo na autonomiju.. Bilo je tu modela čije baterije su bile velike, ali Alcatel kao da je odlučio da tržištu podari smartfon koji neće imati sjajne karakteristike da se njima pohvali - ali će na polju baterije biti nenadmašan. I tako, Pixi 4 Plus Power je pred nama.. Već prvi pogled na specifikacije ovog telefona jasno govori da on neće ni pokušati da ponudi nešto više od osnovne funkcionalnosti u Android svetu, ali je i cena koja ga prati prilično usaglašena sa time. Samim tim, njegovo pozicioniranje potpuno je smisleno: kupaca koje mambo-džambo opcije telefona i vrhunski hardver ne zanimaju uvek ima, i uvek će biti, a dobre su šanse da njima Plus Power baš dobro "legne", posebno ako nisu skloni čestom traženju utičnice.. Iz našeg ugla, čak se može reći da je testiranje ovog modela predstavljalo i manji izazov: nije uvek najlakše biti objektivan kada se u šake smesti jedan skromni radnik, nakon što su njima prodefilovali "zmajevi" poput P10 Plus ili U11 - tim pre, pažljivo smo pristupili razmatranju mogućnosti ovog modela, te na narednim stranicama možete videti do kojih smo zaključaka došli.. Pakovanje Pixi 4 Plus Power modela relativno je standardno u smislu sadržaja, uz par prijatnih iznenađenja. Već grafika na kutiji sugeriše koji će biti najveći adut telefona u njoj (mada to svi njegovi kupci verovatno unapred i znaju), a zaštitna folija preko ekrana pre svega ističe kapacitet baterije i visoka očekivanja od nje. Zadnji poklopac telefona se inicijalno ne nalazi na njemu, tako da se baterija može videti. Potvrđujemo – ogromna je, ali (možda malo i iznenađujuće), nije izmenjiva.. Pored nje, u prostoru koji će poklopac pokriti, vidimo i da Plus Power nema sad već rasprostranjeni kombo-slot (za dve SIM kartice, ili po jednu SIM i microSD), nego klasična dva slota za SIM kartice i jedan odvojeni za memorijsku. Pohvale za Alcatel na ovom potezu.. U kutiji zatičemo i slušalice, što zaista nije česta pojava kod modela ove cenovne kategorije, ali jeste trend koji Alcatel verno održava, bez obzira na kategoriju uređaja. Strujni adapter i USB-kabl se podrazumevaju, kao i uputstva za korišćenje, ali imamo i još jedan neuobičajen komad opreme: radi se o kablu za dopunjavanje drugih telefona iz baterije Pixi 4 Plus Power modela. Praktično, on može da se ponaša kao Power bank, i zgodni kablić omogućuje upotrebu ove opcije bez komplikacija.. Pominjani poklopac baterije je vrlo interesantan. U potpunosti je izrađen od plastike, ali tekstura na njemu je sačinjena od mnoštva kružića, sve manjih kako se približava najvećem, u kome se nalazi logo proizvođača. Usled površine ovakve konstrukcije, telefon vrlo stabilno leži u ruci i nema bojazni od ispadanja, iako se radi o relativno velikom i teškom uređaju, imajući u vidu dimenzije od 152 x 78.3 x 9.9 milimetara, i čak 202 grama težine. Štaviše, uzevši u obzir dijagonalu ekrana i kapacitet baterije koju poseduje, možemo reći da je ovaj uređaj i razumno kompaktan, odnosno solidne ergonomije.. Da dizajn ne bude potpuno generički, pored pomenute teksture leđa telefona, brinu se i crveni detalji na pojedinim mestima na kućištu. Naš testni uređaj je crn: na modelima drugih boja, ovi detalji su, logično, drugačijih boja, ali uvek u maniru koji ističe kontrast, i čini pojavu telefona interesantnijom i energičnijom. Konkretno, kad pričamo o crvenim detaljima na našem primerku, iznad ekrana naveden je kapacitet baterije, uokviren u poligon oblika baterije, modul kamere je okružen crvenim okvirom, kao i otvor za zvučnike i hardverski tasteri, Power i Volume.. Pomenuti dugmići nalaze se sa desne strane telefona, dok levo nema posebnih sadržaja. Sa donje strane su samo mikrofon i USB-port, kao i udubljenje u plastici, zamišljeno da se tu smesti nokat, prilikom otvaranja zadnjeg poklopca. Njegovo skidanje je prilično teško: ovome doprinosi veliki broj "žabica" koje drže poklopac na svom mestu, i čine to vrlo čvrsto. Uostalom, generalno je kvalitet izrade vrlo dobar, iako je plastika jedini korišćeni materijal (ne računajući staklo ekrana), i telefon deluje izdržljivo i prilično moćno.. Gornja strana telefona krije 3.5mm ulaz za slušalice, a od korisnih detalja valja pomenuti i LED-blic prednje kamere, i to prigodno "ušuškan" ispod zaštitnog stakla prednje strane. On, naravno, prati prednju kameru, a pored nje, iznad ekrana vidimo i zvučnik sa razgovore, koji tokom istih ume da dosegne i priličnu glasnoću, kao i par senzora. Ispod ekrana su samo kapacitivni Back, Home i Recents tasteri, iscrtani tako da se vide na crnoj površini, ali bez pozadinskog osvetljenja. Dakle, sve je učinjeno ne bi li se autonomija produžila koliko god je moguće, mada se nakon ove "inspekcije" spoljašnjosti ovog uređaja da primetiti da mu i izrada spada u jače strane, a i dizajn ima zanimljivih detalja.. U cenovnoj klasi u kojoj se nalazi Pixi 4 Plus Power nikad se ne može očekivati da uređaj poseduje osobito snažan hardver - retko čak i prosečan. Pa ipak, mislimo da je u ovom slučaju Alcatel otišao malo predaleko, "podarivši" svom modelu hardver koji je na ivici prihvatljivosti. Ako je stari, 32-bitni MediaTek MT6580 čipset donekle i za razumeti, usled svoje štedljivosti - 1 GB radne memorije ipak ne možemo da "oprostimo", imajući u vidu da to utiče na bilo kakav iole ozbiljniji vid multitaskinga na ovom telefonu.. 5.5 inča. 152 x 78.3 x 9.9 mm. Pritom, i sam četvorojezgarni procesor je downclock-ovan na 1.3 GHz (sa 1.5 GHz u standardnoj verziji), dok o performansama Mali-400 grafike nećemo ni trošiti reči. Od starta druženja sa ovim telefonom, bilo nam je jasno da je njegov fokus na nenadmašnoj autonomiji, ali sa ogromnim kapacitetom baterije, ona bi bila svakako fantastična i da hardver nije maksimalno ograničen.. Svega 24 hiljade poena u AnTuTu testu nismo videli oko godinu dana (a i tada smo kritikovali taj rezultat), dok GeekBench test pokazuje i skromnije brojke. Ipak, ne bi to ni bilo toliko važno da je Pixi u radu pokazao bar neku "inicijativu" - ali nije. Mnoge akcije smo po dva puta pokušavali da pokrenemo, misleći da prvi pokušaj nije uspeo, a zapravo jeste, samo mu je trebalo vremena... Dakle, odziv je slab, odnosno uređaj vidno "laguje". Pored toga, samo izvršavanje komandi traje dugo, mada je to i očekivano, a i animacije prilikom tranzicija između različitih delova interfejsa su vidno usporene, ne bi li se donekle zamaskirala nemoć hardvera da pruži bolje od ovoga... Ponavljamo još jednom - razumemo pozicioniranje ovog telefona, ali i sa tim u vidu, imamo utisak da bismo ga mogli preporučiti samo vrlo strpljivim osobama, odnosno onima kojima performanse BAŠ nimalo nisu važne.. Nakon odeljka o hardveru telefona, i vidno slabog utiska koji je ostavio na polju performansi, teško je očekivati da softver može u ovoj klasi da donese nešto što bi dijametralno okrenulo stavove i "rasteralo oblake" u ovoj ne-baš-sjajnoj situaciji. Ipak, verujemo da je korisnički interfejs ovog uređaja još i koliko-toliko zaslužan za korektno ponašanje telefona u pojedinim scenarijima, kada i uspeva da zadovolji potrebe korisnika pristojnim reakcijama.. Osnovni razlog za to leži u činjenici da se radi o gotovo "čistoj" Android 6.0 Marshmallow izvedbi, sa tek ponekim izmenama u interfejsu, i svakako minimalnim opterećenjem za čipset. Kako Alcatel ne očekuje da će ovaj uređaj uzimati korisnici koji žele neke posebne opcije u softveru, nego pre rudimentarne stavke koje su tu kroz već nekoliko verzija Androida - ništa posebno ni ne zatičemo kako u App Drawer-u, tako i među podešavanjima.. Quick Settings ima opciju podešavanja starih, dobrih audio profila (Vibrate, No Sound i slično), uz aktuelne Do Not Disturb varijante, dok je jedina neuobičajena stavka u meniju Settings-a u Lock Screen odeljku, i predstavlja podešavanja za Functions. U pitanju su prigodne prečice na Lockscreen-u, koje korisnik neizbežno često susreće pošto Pixi 4 Plus Power nema senzor otiska prsta, te nije moguće odmah dospeti na glavni ekran iz stanja ugašenog displeja. Među zanimljivijim opcijama za prečice su Take a Selfie, Turn Flashlight On/Off, Start Sound Recording, Add Event (u kalendaru) i slične. Dakle, u pitanju je koristan alat kada hitro treba delati.. Pomenuli bismo i da bloatware-a nema mnogo, mada su pojedine sistemske aplikacije zaista suvišne. Recimo, User Care i AntiVirus su svakako mogle da se ne nađu na telefonu, a i Gallery je donekle višak, imajući u vidu da je tu i Google Photos - duple aplikacije nikad nisu u modi, a posebno ne na uređaju koji poseduje tek 8 GB interne memorije. Uz to, Battery Master aplikacija, sa svojim dodatnim savetima i opcijama za produženje autonomije, je još samo jedan dokaz koliko je Alcatel želeo da izvuče maksimum iz svoje ogromne baterije u ovom modelu.. Alcatel je na Pixi 4 Plus Power ugradio HD displej IPS tehnologije. Iako 720p rezolucija na 5.5 dijagonali rezultuje sa tek 267 ppi, ne možemo reći da nam oštrina prikaza slike na ovom modelu smeta. Sadržaji se jasno vide u tom smislu, i slika ne deluje "iskrzano". Međutim, ostale karakteristike ekrana ipak potvrđuju da se radi o budžetskom rešenju.. Pre svega, refleksivnost je vanredno visoka i upotreba telefona u momentima izloženosti sunčevim zracima je gotovo nemoguća, i pored dobrog maksimalnog osvetljenja ekrana (preko 500 nita). Uz to, reprodukcija boja je prilično slaba: globalno gledano, sve boje izgledaju izbledelo i umrtvljeno, a posebno se to odražava na jarke boje, imajući u vidu da je prikaz pomeren ka hladnijem delu spektra. Za posledicu imamo i to da bela boja deluje plavičasto.. Čim se slajder za podešavanje nivoa osvetljenja "gurne" u gornju polovinu skale, crna boja "prelazi" u malo jače tamno sivu, mada se slično dešava i prilikom nešto izraženijeg naginjanja telefona u neku od strana. Dakle, iako je displej IPS tipa, uglovi gledanja bi mogli biti bolji, iako se ovde ne radi o ozbiljnoj zamerci, jer do distorzije prikaza dolazi tek u ekstremnim situacijama, koje će u svakodnevnom korišćenju biti retke. Sličan zaključak možemo doneti i kao globalnu ocenu ovog displeja: dosta toga ne radi na najbolji mogući način, ali će ipak nezahtevnim korisnicima na podosta prostora prikazati ono što žele da vide i "teraju" dalje.. Više puta kroz tekst smo isticali na koje je sve načine Alcatel tim inženjera pokušao da pomogne iovako ogromnoj bateriji Pixi 4 Plus Power modela da ostvari i još bolju autonomiju. Sada, kada najzad pričamo i o njoj, moramo priznati da im je uspelo da proizvedu nešto prilično impozantno. 5.000 miliamperčasova bi verovatno svakako omogućilo ovom smartfonu da bude među najboljima na ovom polju, ali sa još tolikim oprimizacijama potrošnje - rođeno je čudovište.. Uređaje uglavnom testiramo tako što im istrošimo bateriju na "potezu" jedne obdanice, prateći koliko je vremena ekran bio upaljen u tom periodu od nekih 15, 16 sati, držeći se sličnog šablona upotrebe. Pa ipak, ponekad se desi da ne možemo neki uređaj da "ubijemo" do uveče, i on otkine i deo drugog dana dok ne napravimo screenshot-ove koji prikazuju autonomiju. Sa modelom sa ovog testa, več posle par sati je bilo jasno da će biti teško istrošiti mu bateriju i tokom dva puna dana. Tako je i bilo: "mučenje" je potrajalo do u drugu noć, i kada je napokon došao blizu izdisaja, Pixi je pokazivao oko 9.5h aktivnog ekrana, na dakle period od nekih 40ak sati aktivne upotrebe! Zaista impresivno.. Kada se koristi samo za reprodukciju videa, Plus Power dobacuje do sjajnih 14h (tako tvrde u Alcatel-u, a mi zaista verujemo), a šta tek reći za impresivnih 22h WiFi web-surfovanja... I ne samo da je autonomija fenomenalna, nego imamo i dodatke koji podižu opšti utisak o upotrebljivosti uređaja: tu su tehnologija za brzo punjenje (a kod ovakvog kapaciteta baterije, više je nego dobrodošla), kao i Out-Charging kabl, dakle za punjenje drugih uređaja iz baterije Alcatel-a, koji tada poprima ulogu Power bank uređaja.. Punjenje telefona se od skoro prazne baterije do 100% izvodi za nekih 2h, što je za njen kapacitet odlično, a jednako brzo se odvija i punjenje druge naprave kada Pixi 4 Plus Power nju dopunjava. Praktično, možemo ga proglasiti idealnim saputnikom za putovanja, mada će njegova genijalna autonomija jednako obradovati i one koji prosto ne vole da traže utičnicu često.... Oprečne informacije o modulu kamere na različitim (zvaničnim) sajtovima tj. u brošurama, jedno vreme su nas "bacale u rebus", da bismo na kraju zaključili o čemu se konkretno radi. Naime, senzor glavne kamere Pixi 4 Plus Power može imati 8 ili 13 MP, u zavisnosti od tržišta, s tim da je na našem dostupan model veće rezolucije. Ipak, i pored toga, kamera daje rezultate skromnog kvaliteta, što je, uostalom, bilo i u nivou naših očekivanja.. Pre nego što malo detaljnije prokomentarišemo fotografije i video snimke, par reči o aplikaciji. U gornjoj "traci", nalaze se prečice do podešavanja i odabira filtera, kao i prekidači za HDR, blic i prelazak na prednju kameru. Video se pristupa preko zasebne komande odmah uz okidač fotografija, i snimak kreće odmah nakon izdavanja naredbe. "Svajpovanjem" na glavnom ekranu, prelazi se u neki drugi modul rada kamere, poput Panorame ili Polaroida. Dodaćemo i to da se "njuškanjem" po podešavanjima može naći i širok izbor efekata koji se mogu primeniti na fotografije, koje je zatim prigodnim softverskim alatom moguće i izmeniti odmah nakon načinjavanja.. Pa ipak, sumnjamo da će mnogi pokušavati da naprave išta posebno kamerom ovog Alcatel modela. Jednostavno, fotografije dobijene njom najčešće nisu za pohvalu: detalja nema baš mnogo, za razliku od šuma u oblastima ujednačene boje, dok je sama reprodukcija boja vrlo čudna. Pored toga što je uglavnom daleko od idealne, dešava se i da na istoj slici pojedini delovi kadra dobiju jedan tretman (recimo, zasićeniji prikaz), dok drugi prođu obratno.... Uz to, dinamički opseg je prilično loš, i posebno u senkama detalji budu pojedeni totalno. Pa ipak, nikako ne preporučujemo korišćenje HDR moda, pošto on praktično samo "posvetli" ceo kadar u istoj meri, kvalitativno ništa ne donoseći slici. Dakle, nema mnogo pozitivnih utisaka, ali ne shvatite nas pogrešno - svesni smo cene ovog uređaja, koji ume doduše da proizvede i respektabilnu "fotku", a viđali smo svakako i slabiji kvalitet fotografija (pa i na skupljim smartfonima).. Fotografije načinjene prednjom kamerom muče slični problemi kao i one od zadnje, uz naravno još manje detalja i zamućeniji prikaz, usled fiksnog fokusa. Pa ipak, postoji i dobra vest, a ogleda se u prisustvu LED-blica s prednje strane, koji omogućuje da selfiji u noćnim izlascima ispadnu kud-i-kamo bolje.. Što se video snimaka tiče, i njih prate nedostaci svojstveni fotografijama glavne kamere, uz napomenu da EIS ne obavlja posao stabilizacije snimka kako bismo hteli, pa i pored stabilnog frejmrejta koji slabašni hardver nekako obezbeđuje - video snimke savetujemo tek kao pribežište u situacijama krajnje nužde.. Ukoliko po strani ostavimo performanse ovog telefona, Pixi 4 Plus Power one "obične" radnje obavlja vrlo dobro. Da, 4G ne postoji na ovom telefonu, ali je prijem signala odličan i zvuk prilikom razgovora je za pohvalu. Uostalom, i stražnji, glavni zvučnik ume da bude vrlo glasan, dok i sam kvalitet zvuka prevazilazi klasu zahvaljujući optimizaciji od strane Arkamys tima, sa kojim je Alcatel sarađivao na ovom uređaju.. Izdržljivost i kvalitet izrade su primerni, autonomiju ne možemo dovoljno da nahvalimo, a i cena je prilično korektna. Osim toga, pošto može da radi kao power bank, gotovo da je idealan poklon za blisku osobu, makar iz najsebičnijih razloga.... Praktično, da imamo tu nešto jači hardver i, posledično, bolje performanse i utiske u radu, ovaj uređaj bi svakako izazivao i dosta skuplje, odnosno verujemo da bi i sam bio u već značajno višoj cenovnoj kategoriji. Kako, međutim, Alcatel veruje da je dovoljno kupaca kojima su performanse manje bitne od stavki pobrojanih u prethodnom pasusu, mesta za uspeh Pixi 4 Plus Power modela svakako ima. Da li će ga zaista i ostvariti - pokazaće vreme, a mi ćemo pratiti kako se odvija njegov tržišni nastup, odnosno u kojoj meri je proizvođač “pogodio” sa ovim telefonom, kakav se zaista ne sreće svakog dana.... - Autonomija bez premca u svim klasama - Dobar kvalitet izrade - Interesantan dizajn - Cena. - Slab hardver - Bledunjav ekran - Kamera - Performanse i odziv u radu. Mobilni telefon na test ustupio Alcatel.. ''Ne znam šta ste vi testirali, ali uzeo sam ovaj telefon klincu i radi sasvim dobro. Radi bolje od svih onih Tesla kineza, iako ima samo 1GB RAM. Međutim ono što sam primetio je da je moja verzija sa 16GB interne memorije i ima drugačiji firmver'' Ne znam gde ti nađe taj od 16GB kada su svi 8 Sto se tiče ličnog testa uzeo sam ga juče. Telefon je bio napunjenosti 52% radio je sa tom napunjenosti baterije nonstop 14 sati i baterija je bila na 0% Koristio sam za slikanje 4 fotografije 8 mp i 4 13 mp, zatim sve je islo preko web i kucnog wifi sa druge mreže. instalacija app sa gplay i sa drugih iyvora, slustanje radija preko slušalica 1.5h, SD karticu UHD micro sd sam ubacio i testirao prenos na nju što jedan član dole navede kao manu kartica radi s tim da preuyme sve na nju i treba se u inicijalnom meniju kada se formatira odabrati stavku 2 da preuyima na sebe i sve ce ići na nju i sa nje. Od ostalih stvari koristio sam iptv player pro i odgledao 4 m3u tv kanala ukupno nekih 10 minuta. preko web nisam ni izlazio na surf samo se spojio na viber, skype i pogledao mailove. Sve u svemu 14 sati i nije malo za sa 52% na 0% mada kao sto autor teksta rece sa 100% bi verovatno bilo 12-14h reprodukcije video zapisa mozda malo nižih od 1080 ako bi samo to na njemu radilo. A surfovanja 22h možda samo to sa wifi od provajdera a ne kačenjem na mrežni wifi sa drugog provajdera ustanu gde se stalno konektuje i troši takođe bateriju. Sada je na punjenju pa kada bude 100% pun testiraćemo novi mix pa možda dodam opis.. Pozdrav zanima me jedna informacija ako mi mozete pomoci?? Zanima me dali kod nas negde u srbiji moze da se uzmu ledja za pomenuti telefon. Znaci zanimam me samo plasticna zadnja ledja ne guma. Ako znate gde moze da sme uzme bicu vam zahvalan... Ne znam šta ste vi testirali, ali uzeo sam ovaj telefon klincu i radi sasvim dobro. Radi bolje od svih onih Tesla kineza, iako ima samo 1GB RAM. Međutim ono što sam primetio je da je moja verzija sa 16GB interne memorije i ima drugačiji firmver. Takođe, moj rezultat u Antutu je 26000 poena. I primetio sam da je RAM memorija brža za nekih 500 poena u odnosu na većinu Kineza. Naravno da nije za neke zahtevne igre, niti za neku zahtevnu poslovnu upotrebu, ali osnovne aplikacije tipa FB, Instagram, Chrome, VIber, Whatsapp otvara bez ikakvog čekanja, lagovanja i slično. Recimo memory management mu je drastično bolji od Tesle 3.1 Lite koja ima isti hardver, deluje kao da je Alcatel duplo brži. Naravno da će da se uspori kada otvorite nekoliko aplikacija odjednom, ali ovaj telefon nije namenjen da se takmiči sa skupljim modelima. Sasvim je korektno pogođen za klince i korisnike kojima treba android sa velikim ekranom, odličnom baterijom i solidnom brzinom za osnovne aplikacije koje svi koriste. Potrudio sam se da ga maltretiram pošteno i uopšte nema slab odziv u radu, čak sam se iznenadio da je sistem fluidniji nego na Nokiji 3 sličnih specifikacija, samo sa 2GB RAM. Praktično nema razlike, osim ako ne otvorite 10 aplikacija odjednom. Sa ocenama za ekran i kameru se slažem. Na dobrom svetlu kamera je upotrebljiva i to je to. Ekran je slabijeg kontrasta, mada moj nema taj plavičasti ton, ali ipak su boje blede i na jakom suncu je potreban veći napor da bi se nešto razaznalo.. Kome ne smeta - da se ne moze podesiti zvuk zvona za svaku sim karticu posebno, - da iako podesite instalaciju aplikacija na sd karticu one idu na internu bez mogucnosti vracanja na sd, - blaga izoblicenja na slikama i sporadican gubitak ostrine - dubine, - nerealna cena ... u tom slucaju je telefon sasvim ok.... Prvo da kažem da vam je test realan. Moja žena ga je uzela preko operatera pre 10tak dana. Ja sam joj to izabrao (savetovao) jer stvarno nije zahtevan korisnik, to znači, web surf, viber, fejs... i poneka igrica tipa colour switch. Obzirom da je sa prošlim telefonom muku mučila sa čestim punjenjem rešio sam da to zauvek zaboravi, i gle čuda. Sa njenim režimom korišćenja telefon nije punila 5 (PET) dana i tada mu je ostalo oko 20% i ona nije htela više da ga muči :-D Zvuk odličan na zvučniku i spikerfonu, signal takođe. Kamere odrađuju posao malo bolje sa aplikacijom "A Better Camera". ima senzor za osvetljenje što mnogo skuplji modeli (kao što sam imao J7) nemaju a i le diodu za propuštene pozive ili poruke. Jako smo zadovoljni jer sam se dobro upoznao šta kupujemo tako da se nismo razočarali. Ja ga svaki dan nešto čačnem i proveravam na koliko je baterija jer mi je neverovatno kako drži, eto za ovih 10 dana još nije 2x punjen kao da mu se još povećala autonomija nakon samo jednog punjenja možda je u pitanju neka vrsta formiranja punog kapaciteta baterije... Inače ovakav klot sistem bi trebalo u svaki telefon ugraditi pa nek korisnici stavljaju šta im stvarno treba jer mi je stvarno neverovatno da android 6.0 u opšte radi sa 1gb rama. Toliko od mene, opšti utisak pozitivan i topla preporuka svima koji znaju tačno šta traže od smartfona. MWC uživo: Alcatel predstavio serije telefona 1, 3 i 5 (video). MWC 2018: Alcatel 1X je budžetski telefon sa Android Oreo (Go Edition) softverom. MWC 2018: Stiže Alcatel 3 serija sa cenom ispod 200 evra. Alcatel nam daje nagoveštaj Alcatel 5, 3v i 1x telefona. Alcatel 5 se pojavio u promo materijalu (video). Moguće cene i specifikacije Alcatel 5 i 3V telefona. Alcatel 3C već u zvaničnoj ponudi na tržištu. Alcatel 3V - specifikacije i renderi. Copyright © Benchmark™ 1999 - 2018. 
ENGLISH  MENU. You can manage your notification subscription by clicking on the icon. You are Blocked.Please unblock to get news alerts. Click Here to know more.. Also available in: हिन्दी ಕನ್ನಡ മലയാളം தமிழ் తెలుగు বাংলা ગુજરાતી. News Mobile Telecom Wearables Home-Entertainment Apps Laptop Camera Tablet Gaming. Reviews Mobiles Wearables Home-Entertainment Apps Laptops/PC Tablets. How-To Tips and Tricks Mobile Feature Wearable Feature Home-Entertainment Feature Social Media Feature Apps Feature. Gallery Mobiles Concepts Laptops Reviews Wearables Tablets. Videos Reviews How-to First Impression Unboxing Interviews Features. New Devices Search Mobiles Search Laptops Recent Launches Upcoming Mobiles Compare Mobiles Top 10 Mobiles. Key Specs Overview Complete Specs Competitors Videos News. Alcatel Pixi 4 Plus Power Upcoming. Facebook Twitter Google Plus. Market Status: Coming Soon | Launch Date in India: September 2016 |. 8MP Primary Camera, 5 MP Front Camera. 5.5 inches 720 x 1280 pixels. Alcatel Pixi 4 Plus Power Details. Alcatel Pixi 4 Plus Power comes with a 5.5 inches Capacitive Touchscreen. display with a screen resolution of 720 x 1280 pixels. The smartphone makes use of an Quad Core Processor 1 GB RAM and 8 GB Storage default memory capacity. This storage can be expanded up to another up to 32 GB. with the help of a microSD.. For imaging, the Alcatel Pixi 4 Plus Power sports a 8 MP Camera with Yes, Geo Tagging, HDR.. Up front, the smartphone from Alcatel makes use of a 5 MP Camera selfie camera.. The connectivity aspects on board the Alcatel Pixi 4 Plus Power includes Yes, Wi-Fi 802.11 b/g/n, Wi-Fi Direct, hotspot, Yes, v4.0 with A2DP, Yes, microUSB v2.0, Yes, with A-GPS. The Alcatel Pixi 4 Plus Power gets the power from a Li-Ion 5000 mAh battery.. The Alcatel Pixi 4 Plus Power runs Android OS, v6.0 (Marshmallow).. The smartphone is priced at Rs. Alcatel Pixi 4 Plus Power Specifications. GENERAL Operating System Android OS, v6.0 (Marshmallow) Device type Smart Phone Sim Dual Sim ANNOUNCED Status Coming Soon Global Release Date September 2016 Indian Release Date September 2016 BODY Dimensions 152 x 78.3 x 9.9 mm Weight 202 g DISPLAY Screen size 5.5 inches Form Factor Touch Screen resolution 720 x 1280 pixels Touchscreen Capacitive Touchscreen Technology (Display Type) IPS LCD PROCESSOR CPU Quad Core Processor STORAGE Internal Storage 8 GB Storage RAM 1 GB RAM External Storage up to 32 GB Card Slot microSD Phonebook Yes Messaging SMS, MMS, Email, Push Email, IM Call Records Yes CAMERA Primary camera 8 MP Camera Front Camera 5 MP Camera Video Recording Yes Camera Features Geo Tagging, HDR MULTIMEDIA Audio Player MP3, AMR, MIDI, APE, AAC, AAC+, FLAC Video Player MP4, H.264, H.263, WMV Games Yes FM Radio Yes Speakers Yes Audio Jack 3.5mm Audio Jack BATTERY Type Li-Ion 5000 mAh battery Stand by NA Talk time NA CONNECTIVITY GPRS Yes Edge Yes WLAN Yes, Wi-Fi 802.11 b/g/n, Wi-Fi Direct, hotspot Bluetooth Yes, v4.0 with A2DP Infrared Port NA USB Yes, microUSB v2.0 GPS Facility Yes, with A-GPS Browser HTML5 3G Speed HSPA 21.1/5.76 Mbps NETWORK SUPPORT 3G HSDPA 900 / 2100 MHz 2G GSM 850 / 900 / 1800 / 1900 MHz 4G NA. Alcatel Pixi 4 Plus Power Competitors. 4 GB 12MP. Samsung Galaxy On7 Prime (64GB - 4GB RAM). 4 GB 13MP. 3 GB 13MP. Samsung Galaxy J7 Nxt (32GB - 3GB RAM). 3 GB 13MP. &lt;div id=&quot;vt-video-player&quot;&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;script type=&quot;text/javascript&quot;&gt;window.__ventunoplayer = window.__ventunoplayer||[];window.__ventunoplayer.push({video_key: &quot;ODYwOTQ0fHwxMDA2fHwwfHx8fHx8&quot;, title: &quot;OnePlus 5 vs Honor 8 Pro vs Nubia M2 Which has the best dual-camera setup ! - GIZBOT&quot;, show_title: &quot;true&quot;, holder_id: &quot;vt-video-player&quot;, player_type: &quot;vp&quot;, width:&quot;100%&quot; , ratio:&quot;4:3&quot;});&lt;/script&gt;&lt;script type=&quot;text/javascript&quot;&gt;var vtn_ply_script = document.createElement(&quot;script&quot;);vtn_ply_script.type = &quot;text/javascript&quot;;vtn_ply_script.async = true;vtn_ply_script.src = &quot;https://pl.ventunotech.com/plugins/cntplayer/ventunoSmartPlayer.js&quot;;var vtn_add_script = document.getElementsByTagName(&quot;head&quot;)[0];vtn_add_script.appendChild(vtn_ply_script);&lt;/script&gt;. Latest Alcatel Pixi 4 Plus Power NEWS. Upcoming Upcoming Upcoming Upcoming Upcoming. Rate Alcatel Pixi 4 Plus Power. About Us | Terms of Service | Privacy Policy | RSS | Contact Us | Site Feedback | Sitemap. © Greynium Information Technologies Pvt. Stay updated with latest technology news & gadget reviews - Gizbot. You have already selected 4 products. 
Home All Brands Top 10 Mobile Phones Latest News Latest Mobiles Phones Upcoming Mobiles Phones Model Finder Technology Blog. Alcatel Pixi 4 Plus Power - Review, Video Review, Unboxing Demo. Mobile Network Support and Band Device Body Design and Display Device Hardware and Operating System Device Photography and Video Memory and Entertainment Features Internet and Data Communication Inside Alcatel Pixi 4 Plus Power Box (Box Contents) Alcatel PIXI 4 Plus Power Handset Battery 5000 mAh Charger 3.5 mm Headset USB Data Cable Quick User Guide Warrant Card. Alcatel Pixi 4 Plus Power was officially announced in September 2016, Device released in October 2016. Alcatel Pixi 4 Plus Power have Dual Card Slots,Alcatel Pixi 4 Plus Power support all GSM Based network providers. Alcatel Pixi 4 Plus Power mobile device support 2G Band Frequency at GSM 850,GSM 900,GSM 1800,GSM 1900 and Hight Speed 3G Network Band at HSDPA 850,HSDPA 900,HSDPA 1900,HSDPA 2100,comes with network handling support with Network settings and work offline with flight Mode.. Alcatel Pixi 4 Plus Power is a Phablet device and it have device dimension with 152 x 79 x 9 mm, Exactly 152 x 78.3 x 9.9 mm. Phone weight including the Battery 195g. Alcatel Pixi 4 Plus Power display enhanced with IPS LCD Capacitive TouchScreen capable to display 16M Colors at ~267 ppi Pixel Density. Display Resolution of this phone is 720 x 1280 pixels (HD) compact with the 5.5 Inch display with Mode.Device has Loudspeaker to amplify music playback and tones,. Alcatel Pixi 4 Plus Power equipped for Android 6.0 (Marshmallow) Operating System, Device hardware empoweredby MediaTek, MT6580 Chipsetand Quad Core Processor Processor handle manipulate tasks,at the speed of 1.3 GHz.device have 1 GB RAM.Alcatel Pixi 4 Plus Power have internal storage 8 GB.memory can upgrade Upto 32 GB with MicroSD.Alcatel Pixi 4 Plus Power have 8.0 MP Cameraand there is no Camera Flashand 5.0 MP Secondary front Camera.. Alcatel Pixi 4 Plus Power 8.0 MP and Photo output come at 8.0 MP, 3264 x 2448 Pixels Resolution in size camera help us to catch our favorite movements at Photographs and Videos high quality.Photo as includes date tagging and GPS based Geo Tagging.VideoVideo Recording at 720P 30FPSquality. Camera has powerful Digital Zoom digital zoom help us to focus objects very clear. Autofocus,Touch focus,Self timer,Face Detection,Smile detection,Video Stabilisation,HDR,Face Beauty,Voice Capture,Gesture Shot, Polaroid Camera features also help us to take more precious photos for our daily use.Camera has powerful digital zoom help us to focus objects very clear. Alcatel Pixi 4 Plus Power have secondary front camera and takes high quality photos as well Enhanced Camera features like TV Output helps to connect our device directly through LED, LCD TV through Alcatel Pixi 4 Plus Power.Alcatel Pixi 4 Plus Power have Sweep Panorama to take pictures around you.. Alcatel Pixi 4 Plus Power Supports major auto Formats WAV,AAC,AMR,MP3,M4A,WMA,MIDI,FLAC,APE,OGG,AAC+,eAAC+,MP2 and video Formats 3GP,MP4,xVID,AVI,DivX,MKV,H.264,H.263, device haveMini headphone headphone jackAlcatel Pixi 4 Plus Power have internal storage 8 GB help to storage enough data of music and video files.expendable memory can upgrade Upto 32 GB with MicroSD Memory Card.Alcatel Pixi 4 Plus Power supports Stereo FM Radio along with FM Recording feature.Device have the power to playback musics Up to 120 Hrs through standard Media Player.able to play videos 15 Hrs, Up to 14 hrs. Alcatel Pixi 4 Plus Power Supports 2G Transfersand 3G TransfersData Transfer with GPRS and with EDGE.Data communication speed through HSUPA 5.76 Mbps,HSDPA 21 Mbps,HSPA plus,Data connection also through Wi-Fi 802.11 b/g/n, Wi-Fi Direct.Wi-Fi supports dual band Hotspot support to share internet connection through Alcatel Pixi 4 Plus Power. Device support to browse web pages through with Google Chrome Browser, which supports you to browse HTML,HTML5 web pages.browser also supports Adobe Flash. Personal data transfers through Bluetooth 4.0, With A2DP Device comes with Google Maps which helps to view mapsand locate our location through GPS Tracking help us for Navigation or Direction. Device supports messaging features SMS,MMS,Email,Push Mail,IM,Hangouts.. » Full Specifications » User Opinions & Review » Compare » Pictures » 360° View » Related Phones » Review » Related News » User Manual » Photo Quality » Video Quality Tweet Popularity and Rating Rate this Mobile Phone Design. 0 1 2 3 4 5 Features. 0 1 2 3 4 5 Performance. 0 1 2 3 4 5. Categories » 4G VoLTE Mobiles » Apple iOS Mobiles » Android 4G » Dual Camera Phone » Dual Sim Mobiles » Android Smartphone » Dual OS Smartphone » Android Dual Sim » Android One » Android CDMA » Tablet » Android Tablet » Windows 4G » Windows Mobiles » Windows Tablet » Smartphone » CDMA Phone » GSM & CDMA Phone » Dual OS Tablets » Dual SIM Qwerty » Ubuntu Tablet » Ubuntu Mobiles » Basic Dual Sim » Basic Phone » Qwerty Phones » Touch & Type » Triple Sim Mobile » Slide phones » Android Camera Top Brands » Samsung » Apple » Nokia » Google » Lenovo » Motorola » BlackBerry » Huawei » HTC » Alcatel » OnePlus » LG » Asus » Xiaomi » ZTE » Micromax » Oppo » Karbonn » Vivo » Acer » Intex » BLU » Gionee » Vodafone » Lava » All Brands. LG V30S+ ThinQ LG V30S ThinQ ZTE Blade V9 Vita Nokia 7 Plus Nokia 8 Sirocco Nokia 1 Samsung Galaxy S9+ SM-G965 Samsung Galaxy S9 SM-G960. LG V30S+ ThinQ LG V30S ThinQ ZTE Blade V9 Vita Nokia 7 Plus. Alcatel Pixi 4 Plus Power Announced February 2018, weight 158g, 6” OLED Capacitive Touch Screen, 16 MP Camera, Bluetooth 5.0,Wi-Fi Price in February 2018 View Full Specifications | Unboxing Pictures | Manual Download | 360 View. Alcatel Pixi 4 Plus Power Announced February 2018, weight 158g, 6” OLED Capacitive Touch Screen, 16 MP Camera, Bluetooth 5.0,Wi-Fi Price in February 2018 View Full Specifications | Unboxing Pictures | Manual Download | 360 View. Alcatel Pixi 4 Plus Power Announced February 2018, weight 145g, 5.45” IPS LCD Capacitive TouchScreen, 13 MP Camera, Bluetooth 4.1,Wi-Fi Price in February 2018 View Full Specifications | Unboxing Pictures | Manual Download | 360 View. Alcatel Pixi 4 Plus Power Announced February 2018, weight 155g, 6” IPS LCD Capacitive TouchScreen, 12 MP Camera, Bluetooth 5.0,Wi-Fi Price in February 2018 View Full Specifications | Unboxing Pictures | Manual Download | 360 View. » Specifications » 360° View » Pictures » Photo Quality. Home | Privacy Policy. 
You don't have permission to access /specifications/alcatel-pixi-4-plus-power/. 
are now inclusive of VAT Details. All orders of 200.00 SAR or more on fulfilled by Souq items across any product category qualify for FREE shipping.. Changed your mind, you can return your product and get a full refund.. Pay for your order in cash at the moment the shipment is delivered to your doorstep. UAE Egypt Saudi Kuwait. Let us wish you a happy birthday!. Make sure to buy your groceries and daily needs. Let us wish you a happy birthday!. Let us wish you a happy birthday!. Day 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 28 29 30 31. Year 1999 1998 1997 1996 1995 1994 1993 1992 1991 1990 1989 1988 1987 1986 1985 1984 1983 1982 1981 1980 1979 1978 1977 1976 1975 1974 1973 1972 1971 1970 1969 1968 1967 1966 1965 1964 1963 1962 1961 1960 1959 1958 1957 1956 1955 1954 1953 1952 1951 1950 1949 1948 1947 1946 1945 1944 1943 1942 1941 1940 1939 1938 1937 1936 1935 1934 1933 1932 1931 1930 1929 1928 1927 1926 1925 1924 1923 1922 1921 1920 1919 1918 1917 1916 1915 1914 1913 1912 1911 1910 1909 1908 1907 1906 1905. Please fill in a complete birthday. Shop All Categories Supermarket Mobiles & Tablets Electronics Home & Furniture Baby & Toys Beauty & Perfumes Sports Automotive Brands. New Arrivals Women Men Kids Arabian Wear Sport Watches Featured Brands Outlet. Womens Clothing Shoes Jewelry Sunglasess Bags Watches. Mens Clothing Shoes Accessories Watches Wallets Sunglasess. Sports Women sports wear Men sportswear Women athlatic shoes Men athlatic shoes. Clothing Dresses Tops Pants Sportswear Lingerie Skirts Jackets & Coats Ethnic Wear Jeans Sleepwear Swimwear Abaya Hoodies. Bags Totes & Hobos Cross Body Bags Backpacks Duffle bags & sets Wallets. Shoes Athletic Casual shoes Heels Wedges Flats Slippers Sandals Boots. Watches Causal Watches Dress Watches Sport Watches Watch sets Jewelry Necklaces Earrings Bracelets & Charms Jewelry Sets Rings Socks Pendants. Eyewear Sunglasses Contact Lenses Optical Frames Aviator Wayfarer Cat Eye. Top Brands juicy couture fendi Burgi Ichi Quiz Ray-ban Tommy Hilfiger Guess Nine west DKNY Zeneve london Swarovski Michael Kors. Clothing Shirts T-shirts Polos Pants Shorts Sportswear Swimwear Boxers & Breifs Innerwear Sleepwear Jackets and Coats Hoodies and Jerseys Traditional wear. Shoes Athletic Casual Slippers Boots Sneakers. Eyewear Sunglasses Optical Frames Aviator Wayfarer Sport sunglasses. Watches Casual Watches Dress Watches Sport Watches Watch set Mens accessories Belts Cufflinks Socks Jewelry for Men Pens Hats and Caps. Bags & Wallets Backpacks Wallets Messenger bags. Top Brands Fred Perry Tommy Hilfiger Calvin klein Diesel Ray-ban Oakley Carrera Guess Lacoste JBW Casio Tissot. Top Brands Nike Reebok Skechers Puma adidas Anta Li-ning Peak N-18 Converse Timberland Fila. Women's sportswear Sports Tops Sports Tops Training Clothing Running Clothing Shop All Women's sport shoes Running shoes walking shoes Training shoes Fitness shoes Shop All. Men's sportswear Sport Tops Sports Pants & Shorts Sports Jackets Training Clothing Running Clothing Shop All Men's Sport shoes Running shoes walking shoes Training shoes Shop All. Top Brands JBW Casio Swarovski Emporio Armani Stuhrling Diesel Citizen Esprit Puma T5 DKNY Tommy Hilfiger Megir Burberry Fossil. Watches for men Casual Watches Dress Watches Sport Watches Watch set Trendy watches Chronograph Watches Automatic watches Bellow 99 SR Shop All. Watches for women Causal Watches Dress Watches Nightlife Watches Sport Watches Watch set Trendy watches Japanese watches Chronograph Watches Automatic watches Bellow 99 SR Shop All. Top Brands JBW Casio Swarovski Emporio Armani Micheal Kors Tommy Hilfiger Guess Zeneve London Ray ban Oakley Nike Reebok Calvin Klein Pandora. Women Clothing Guess Forever 21 BooHoo Jollychic GAP Women Shoes Aldo Missguided Michael Kors. Bags and wallets Michael kors Guess Tommy Hilfiger Coach Lauren By Ralph Lauren Zeneve London Levi's Dockers Steve madden. Jewelry and Acc Swarovski Emporio Armani MG Pandora Calvin Kline Tommy Hilfiger Sportswear Nike Reebok Skechers Puma Adidas Anta. Men Clothing Tommy Hilfiger Fred Perry Hugo Boss Polo Ralph Lauren Diesel VINSON Men Shoes Polo Ralph Lauren Fred Perry Timberland Clarks Jack and Jones. Watches JBW Casio Swarovski Emporio Armani Stuhrling Diesel Citizen Eyewear Ray Ban Oakley Coach Vogue Arnette. Beverages Food Cupboard Personal Care Home Care Baby World Pet World. Breakfast Biscuits Cereals Coffee Tea Powder Drinks Jams, Spreads & Honey Evaporated and Powder Milk Dairy Products. Cooking Products Syrup Creams & Entremets Flours & Surgar. Rice & Pulses Rice Pastas and Noodle. Spices & Condiments Oil & Ghee Vinegars & Dressings Condiments Salt, Pepper & Spices. Can Food Canned Fish Canned Vegetables. Personal Care Soap Shower Gel Deodorants & Antiperspirants Toothpaste & Mouthwash Toothbrush & Floss Hand Sanitizers Cotton Foot Care Feminine Hygiene Adult Diapers. Skin Care Face Care Body Care Sunscreen & tanning products. Hair Care Shampoos & Conditionners Hair coloration Hair Fixation. Men Grooming Men Deodorants & Antipersperants Shaving Gels, Foams & After Shaves Razors & Blades Condoms. Laundry Detergent Bleach Fabric Softener Stain Remover. Cleaning Supplies Dishwashing detergents All-purpose Cleaners Kitchen Cleaners Bathroom Cleaners Glass, floor & Surface Cleaners Cleaning tools (sponges, wipes, scouring pads). Paper & Plastic products Paper Towels & Napkins Toilet Paper Facial Tissue Disposable Food Storage Bags Cling Film & Aluminium Foil Trash Bags. Air Freshners Scented Candles & Oils Car Freshners. Diapers & Wipes pampers Huggies Sanita NUNU baby joy Pigeon. Baby Bath & Skin Care NUNU Pigeon Sebamed Dettol. New Arrival Honor 9 Lite Ctroniq Wiz 5 Plus Innjoo Fire 4 pro Huawei P Smart Figo HTC U11 Plus Samsung Galaxy A8 Plus Samsung Galaxy Note FE Samsung Galaxy A5 2017 Oppo A57 Oppo F5 Oppo F5 Youth. Mobiles Apple Samsung Honor Xiaomi Huawei Sony Innjoo Alcatel Shop All Best Mobiles Deals. Tablets Apple Samsung E-Readers Wifi + 3G/4G Tablet Accessories Shop All. Accessories Xiaomi Accessories Smartwatches Headsets Cases and Screen Protectors Powerbanks and Chargers Bluetooth Devices Virtual Reality Devices Shop All. TV, Audio & Video, Gaming LEDs & LCDs Home Theaters Speakers & Docks Headphones & Headsets Audio & Video players Gaming consoles Video Games TV Accessories Audio Accessories Gaming Accessories Shop All. Cameras Action Cameras DSLR & Mirrorless Point & Shoot Video & professional cameras Instant cameras Lenses & Flashes Surveillance & Security systems Camera Accessories Shop All. Computers & Laptops Desktops Laptops Covers, Cases & Bags Hard disk & software Printers, scanners & projectors Office Electronic Office Stationary & equipment Peripherals & Accessories PC Gaming Shop All. Small Appliances Food Preparation Vacuum & Steam Cleaner Irons Juice Extractors Coffee & Tea Makers Power Tools Shop all. Large Appliances Air Conditioners Refrigerators Washing Machines Ovens and Ranges Dish Washers Microwaves Water Dispensers Shop All. Musical instrument Drums & Percussions Acoustic String Instruments Electric String instruments Keyboards and Pianos Brass & woodwind instruments DJ & Karaoke equipment Amplifiers & Mixers Shop All. Furniture & Décor cabinets storage and organization office furniture Chairs & Sofa Tables Carpets & Rugs lamps & Lighting bean bags & Inflatables Wall Papers Drawings & Paintings Clocks Antique & Coins Mirrors. Bedding & Bath Accessories Comforter Set Compressed Set Bed Sheet Duvet Covers Kids Bedding Pillows Bath Accessories Towels, Mats & Robes. Kitchen & Dining Cookware Bakeware kitchen utensils Tableware Cutlery Dinnerware Drinkware All kitchen and dining. DIY & Hobbies Hand tools Power tools sewing machines Measuring & Leveling Paint supplies Batteries & Flash lights. Baby Diaper Feeding Baby Bath & Skincare Baby Safety & Health Baby Toys Shop All Baby gear Car Seat Baby strollers Baby beds Travel system Baby chair Shop All. Toys Remote control Figures Arts crafts Block Girls toys Shop All Outdoor Play Play house Swimming pool Outdoor play Ride on Shop All. Brands Pampers Huggies Graco Maxi Cosi Babyjoy Chicco Bestway Evenflo Bambi Intex Lego Little tikes Baby love. Perfumes Mens Fragrances Womens Fragrances Luxury Perfume Oud and Oriental Perfume Body Sprays Fragrance Gift Sets All Fragrances. Makeup Eyes Lips Face Nail Polish Sets and Palettes Beauty Tools Accessories All Makeup. Personal Care Hair Care Skin Care Oral Care Health Care Nail Care Bath&Body Beauty Gift Sets. Exercise & Fitness Yoga & Pilates Cardio Training Equipment Strength Training Equipment Performance & GPS trackers Weights & resistance bands Fitness accessories Individual sports Cycling Climbing Fishing Golf Swimming & Diving Boxing, Wrestling & MMA. Racquet Sports Tennis Table Tennis Badminton Squash Team Sports Football Basketball Volleyball Cricket. Women's sportswear Sports Tops Sports Tops Training Clothing Running Clothing Shop All Women's sport shoes Running shoes walking shoes Training shoes Fitness shoes Shop All. Men's sportswear Sport Tops Sports Pants & Shorts Sports Jackets Training Clothing Running Clothing Shop All Men's Sport shoes Running shoes walking shoes Training shoes Fitness shoes Shop All. Car Care Protection Air freshner Vacum & cleaning products Car polishing product Lubricant & adhesive Engine treatment product Car services & protection. GPS Navigation System GPS Accessories GPS Tracker Car Multimedia Car Video system Car Audio system Car Camera system. Car parts & tools Car Tools Spare parts Car Devices. Tires & wheels Tires Tire tools & product. Car Accessories Interier Accessories Exterior Accessories. Brands ArmorAll Auto Star Black & Decker Garmin Goodyear Hyundai Kraftwerk Roadmaster Sonar STP Turtle Sony 3M. (Eligible for FREE Shipping ). & Up ( 73 ). & Up ( 102 ). & Up ( 108 ). & Up ( 109 ). Alcatel PIXI4 Plus Power Dual SIM - 16GB, 1GB RAM, 3G, Wifi, White/Red. Alcatel PIXI4 Plus Power Dual SIM - 8GB, 1GB RAM, 3G, Wifi, Black/Red. Alcatel Pop 4 Plus 5056D 5.5 inch Dark Gray 16GB Dual Sim LTE. Alcatel PIXI 4 - 5 Inch, 8GB, 3G, Wifi, Silver. Alcatel PIXI 4 - 4 Inch, 8GB, 3G, Wifi, Rose. Alcatel PIXI 4 Plus Power Lychee Pattern Phone Case Black. Model : alcatel pixi 4 plus power. Mobile Accessory Type : cases & covers. Alcatel PIXI 4 Plus Power Lychee Pattern Phone Case Red. Model : alcatel pixi 4 plus power. Mobile Accessory Type : cases & covers. Alcatel Pixi 4 (7) Tablet - 7 Inch, 8GB, 1GB RAM, WiFi, Black. Alcatel Pixi 4 (7) Tablet - 7 Inch, 16GB, 1GB RAM, 3G, Grey. Alcatel Pixi 4 7 Tablet - 7 Inch, 8 GB, 3G, WiFi, Black. Screen Size : 7 - 7.9 inch. Alcatel Pixi 4 (7) Tablet - 7 Inch, 16GB, 1GB RAM, 3G, White. Alcatel Pixi 4 7 Tablet - 7 Inch, 8 GB, 3G, WiFi, White. Screen Size : 7 - 7.9 inch. Alcatel Pixi 4 (7) Tablet - 7 Inch, 8GB, 1GB RAM, WiFi, White. Promate Travel Charger, Universal 6.8A Portable Heavy Duty Wall AC Power Plus with 4 USB Charging Port and US, EU, EU, AU Worldwide Plug Adapter for Smartphones, Tablets, PowerHub-4 Black. Duracell Plus Power Type AA Alkaline Batteries, pack of 4. Promate Travel Charger, Universal 6.8A Portable Heavy Duty Wall AC Power Plus with 4 USB Charging Port and US, EU, EU, AU Worldwide Plug Adapter for Smartphones, Tablets, PowerHub-4 White. DC Power Supply Phone Current Test Cable for Apple iPhone 7 7 Plus 6 5S 5C 5 4S 4 Repair Tools. Mobile Accessory Type : maintenance set. Sense 4 Plus 10400mAH Power Bank By Romoss. Number of Charging Ports : 2. Power Bank Station Portable battery Charger ROMOSS 13000mAh iPhone 6, 6 plus, Samsung Galaxy Note 4. Proda Portable Ultra Slim 30000mAh Mobile Power bank with four USB charging port for Samsung Galaxy S8 Plus in White. Number of Charging Ports : 4. ROMOSS Sense 4 Plus 10400mAh External Battery Pack Power Bank with LCD Digital Display - White. Number of Charging Ports : 2. ROMOSS Sense 4 Plus 10400mAh Power Bank white color. Number of Charging Ports : 2. ALCATEL ONE TOUCH LINK 4G plus. Alcatel Pixi 3 (8) EMEA Tablet - 8 Inch, 4GB, 3G, Black. Screen Size : 8 - 8.9 inch. Anker PowerCore Plus 13400 Recharges 2X Faster than Normal Portable Chargers with 4.8A Output. USB Charger Anker 27W 4-Port USB Wall Charger PowerPort 4 Lite with Interchangeable UK and EU Plugs for iPhone 7 / 6 / 6 Plus / 7 Plus, iPad Air 2 / mini 3, Galaxy Note 3 and More. Promate Power Bank, High Capacity 15000mAh Portable Travel Charger with Dual USB Port 4.2A Output and Over-Heat Protection for Samsung S8 / S8+, iPhone 7 / 7 Plus, HTC, Tag-15 Silver. Number of Charging Ports : 2. Anker PowerLine Lightning Cable for iPhone 6s/6Plus/5s/5,iPad mini 4/3/2, iPad Pro/Air 2, White, 6ft. Promate Power Bank, High Capacity 15000mAh Portable Travel Charger with Dual USB Port 4.2A Output and Over-Heat Protection for Samsung S8 / S8+, iPhone 7 / 7 Plus, HTC, Tag-15 Black. Number of Charging Ports : 2. Anker Quick Charge 3.0 63W 5-Port USB Wall Charger, PowerPort Speed 5 for Galaxy S7 / S6 / Edge / Plus, Note 5 / 4 and PowerIQ for iPhone 7 / 6s / Plus, iPad Pro / Air 2 / mini, LG, Nexus, HTC More. This item is currently out of stock. Order now, only 0 left in stock!. Have a question or an issue? We are here to help. Popular Searches White Friday IPhone 8 IPhone 7 Samsung Mobiles TVs Shoes Watches Perfumes Laptop Lenovo. My Account Log In / Register My Shopping Cart My Orders My Addresses Wish Lists Account Settings Account Summary Intellectual Property Brand and Copyright Owners Marketplace Sellers. Selling on Souq.com Sell on souq.com How It Works Selling Policies Seller Terms and Conditions Fulfilled by Souq FAQs Buying on Souq.com How to Buy Return Policy Advertise with us Help. About Us Media Center Careers Privacy Policy Terms and Conditions Affiliate Program. 
Pdevice.com: Review, Specification, Price, Compare, Tech News & Details of Mobile Phone and Electronics Gadget Online. How to check that all the Device Drivers are installed properly…. How to select your Mouse Primary Button Left or Right in…. How to Managed Bluetooth Device (Turned on and Off) on Your…. How to Uninstall, Installed Driver from Windows 10 PC using Device…. Alcatel Pixi 4 Plus Power Smartphone Full Specification. Processor (Clock) : Quad-Core 1.3GHz ARM Cortex-A7. Screen (Size & Type) : 5.5 inches HD display. Camera Overview : 8 Megapixels / 5 Megapixels. OS Version : Android 6.0 Marshmallow. The product overall rating and highlights is based on review by our technical experts. All ratings have been selected out of 10.. Body & Design (look and feel). Model – Pixi 4 Plus Power. CPU – Quad-Core 1.3GHz ARM Cortex-A7. Camera -8 Megapixels with LED and AF Rear Camera | 5 Megapixel Front camera. External Memory Support up to 32GB. Display – Screen size 5.5 inches HD (1280 x 720 Pixels). Battery – Removable 5,000 mAh Lithium-Ion. SIM – Dual SIM (Micro + Micro). Sensors – Proximity Sensor, Accelerometer, Ambient Light. Operating System – Android 6.0 Marshmallow. Dimensions – 152 x 78.3 x 9.9 mm. More Feature – Plastic Body Design, HSUPA 5.76 Mbps, HSDPA 21 Mbps, HSPA plus, Power Bank Mode, Power Saving Mode, Arkamys Audio Technology, 3G Smartphone.. Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window). Each device built on different configuration and platform or operating so here we have divided the devices on their operating system such as Android, Windows, iOS etc. Device brand including their model number,. The initial public announcement by a company or brand for its upcoming gadgets or device with few or full information till its release date.. The release date is the date in which a release was made available through some sort of distribution mechanism. For example, this may be via a online or offline retail store, being published as a available to sale on a website or distributed to industry insiders. the device is available in the market, upcoming device or the company or brand have close the productivity of gadgets. Design Type is a combination of smartphone's size, style, dimensions, weight, color, layout. Mainly there are three types of form factors seen in mobile phones and other computing devices such as bar phones, folding phones, and sliding phones. height, width, and length of the computing device measures in mm, cm. 152 x 78.3 x 9.9 mm. Display Technology => There are number of display technology available for computing devices such as TFT (Thin Film Transistor), IPS (In-Place Switching), OLED (Organic Light Emitting Diode), AMOLED (Active-Matrix Organic Light-Emitting Diode), Super AMOLED (an advanced version of AMOLED) and there are two types of touchscreen displays Resistive Touchscreen (Resistive touchscreens not only works with human skin but also with stylus pen) and Capacitive Touchscreen (only work with human skin). Display size of each computing device is measured diagonally in inches, cm, or mm. Display Colors refer to the number of different shades of colors that the device screen is capable of displaying mostly there is three display color - 64K colors, 256K colors and 16 million colors used and 16M is the highest available range of colors and better than others.16M display color used in more advanced computing device such as Smartphone , Tablet or Gaming console while the 256K or 64K colors are used for basic handset and entry level computing devices.. Information about the number of pixels per inch of the device screen. The higher the pixels density of any device, the more detailed and clearer content (Image, Video,Graphics, etc) will be shown on the display. Display Protection => is must have feature for all computing device, especially in Smartphone segment there is different-different technology for protecting the display from scratches, drops, water, dust, and bumps of everyday use.Most common display protection technology are corning gorilla glass, Tempered glass, Scratch resistant glass, Full lamination technology, OGS, and More. So whenever you buy a new device you should always consider the smartphone having display protection feature.. Display supports various kind of features such as Contrast ratio, NTSC, 2.5D curved glass, OLED, AMOLED and more features. Some device comes with second display feature along with primary display, usually found in mobile phone. Screen to Body Ratio shows the total number of area covered by the gadget display, if the % is higher it's good for users.. 1280 x 720 Pixels, 24 bit color depth. Supported Camera Type in the device, dual or single camera. Primary Camera is usually placed on the back side of Smartphone to capture photos and videos. The main attribute of camera are the resolution (measured in Megapixels), lens focus type (automatic or manual). High megapixels mobile can take higher quality pictures and videos but it does not always the quality parameter as there are other factors also responsible for high-quality picture so we can't predict the camera quality by just looking at its megapixels. Good Camera plays important role for any Gadgets it comes with many features such as Autofocus, Continuous shooting, Digital image stabilization, Digital zoom, Face detection, Geotagging, HDR ISO settings, Panorama, Scene mode, Self-timer, Touch focus, White balance settings, PDAF etc. Flash Light => Flashlight are very important in camera for enhancing the picture quality in low-light condition.LED Flash and Xenon Flash are two most common flashlights are used in mobile phones.LED flashlight provides lower power consumption with drive circuitry which takes up little room and can be strobed faster than any other light Source while the Xenon Flash offers an extremely intense full-spectrum white light for a very short duration. secondary camera or front camera in the device like selfies camera in Smartphone, the user can click his own photo using this camera. Dual Camera Set UP (One Front + One Back). Chipset is the main part of any computing device such as Mobile, Laptop, Smartwatch, Camera, Tablet etc each one runs on a chipset or SoC which includes CPU, GPU, and Cache memory.Chipset is integrated circuit designed to perform some specific task and popular devices come with more advanced chipset which can perform many different tasks according to their design and programming capabilities. CPU Central Processing Unit or processors,its main function is to interpret and execute instructions in the computing device .Mostly we measure CPU capacity in GHz or MHz with the number of the core such as 2-core, 4-core, 8-core, 10-core etc.Always look for high-power processor first whenever you will purchase a new device. Number of Cores for processor on the device. GPU Stands for Graphics Processing Unit is a single-chip processor designed to rapidly rapid mathematical calculations, primarily for the purpose of rendering images, This includes things such as lighting effects, object transformations, and 3D motion and it is also responsible for high-performance gaming graphics a good GPU always have such kind of power to control the gaming graphics.The common GPU for mobile devices are Qualcomm Adreno, Intel HD graphics, PowerVR, ARM-Mlai etc. RAM (Random Access Memory) is a type of computer memory that can be accessed randomly, and used by Operating system and installed application in the computing device data in the RAM temporarily stored means it will be lost whenever the device is turn off or restarted. Internal Storage also known as secondary memory or ROM is a data storage space (flash memory) mostly used in smartphones, tablets and other electronic devices where operating system, apps, music, photos, videos, files and other content stored.There two types of internal memory expansion expandable and non-expandable. External Memory Card Slot is a special slot for inserting a memory card. Memory cards allow you to expand the phone's internal storage, A memory card is a small storage memory used to store content such as text, pictures, audio, and video, for use on small, portable or remote computing devices such as mobile phones, mp3 players, digital cameras. Sensors are electronic components which increased the functionality of any computing device in which they are embedded sensors detects and responds to some type of input from the physical environment. Each mobile device works on the wireless network and these networks are divided into different category such as 2G, 3G, 4G further they are subdivided into the category like GSM, UMTS, LTE on different bands. 2G stands for the second-generation wireless telephone network.It works on Standard like GSM, D-AMPS, PDC.2G Networks supports Digital voice services and slow data transmission (2.5G (GPRS) or 2.75G (EDGE) ) but these networks are faster than analog (1G) systems. 3G stands for the third generation wireless telephone network in compare of 2G it supports faster data speed, always-on data access, better voice transmission capacity.UMTS,WCDMA, Ev-Do are the main standard of 3G technology. 4G stands for the fourth generation of wireless telephone network it is more efficient and faster in terms of data rate, voice transmission and it is very different technology in compare of 3G.The most common standard are LTE (Long Term Evolution) and Mobile WiMAX. SIM stands for Subscriber Identity Module which securely stores subscriber's information such as phone numbers and text messages. Users can easily switch SIM card from one mobile set to another. SIM card is responsible for communication among several mobile devices using different kinds of networks such as GSM, UMTS, LTE etc. Smartphone comes with Single SIM or Dual SIM slot.. GSM / UMTS / LTE. GSM : 850 / 900/1800/1900 MHz. UMTS : 850 / 900 / 1900 / 2100 MHz. OS => Operating System responsible for all basic operations of the device ( smartphone, PDAs, tablet computers, drones, smartwatch and other handheld devices). The Operating System manages and controls the functions of the hardware components of the computing device. There are numbers of OS such as Android, Windows, iOS, BlackBerry and more. UI or user interface (f human–machine interaction) of a device is the look and feel of the on-screen menu system. How it works, its color scheme, how it responds to button presses, all of these things are part of the user interface. Facebook its no 1 popular free social networking site which allows users to create a free account and adds your friends or family in your social list to chat with them, upload photos, videos, video chat and send messages via the internet and keep in touch with friends,Each Smartphone supports Facebook app. Youtube is a popular free video-sharing website, Youtube is the largest video sharing site in the world, Millions of users around the world have created accounts on the site that allow them to upload videos that anyone can watch. Twitter is global microblogging social media website, you can use twitter application on your smartphone, tablet. Microblogging is a broadcast medium that exists in the form of blogging. A microblog differs from a traditional blog in that its content is typically smaller in both actual and aggregated file size. Google Maps, Google Apps, Notes, Chrome, Gmail. Multimedia Features (Audio, Video and Images). Which type of audio playback supported by the device as there are number of audio format such as WAV, AAC, AMR, MP3, WMA, MIDI, FLAC, etc. FM is a VHF broadcasting technology which uses frequency modulation (FM) to transfer sound over the broadcasting radio. Alert types are types of sound which notify the users when someone sends notifications like a phone call, message, email etc. Yes Support WAV, AAC+, AC3, OGG, FLAC, MIDI, WMA, MP3, AMR, AAC, eAAC+. Yes Support 3GP, MP4, xVID, AVI, DivX, MKV, H.264, H.263. Yes with 3.5mm Audio Out Port. Wi-Fi is a popular wireless networking technology which provides wireless data connection between various device using radio waves it uses the IEEE 802.11 stands for communication. USB required for transfer or sync the data from one computing device to another such as from Smartphone to computer. Bluetooth is wireless communications technology for exchanging data between mobile phones, headsets, personal computers and other network devices over brief distances without wiring, Bluetooth technology was mostly designed to support simple wireless networking of personal consumer devices. There are different-different types of Bluetooth Profile (A2DP, HID, LE etc) available in each device for exchanging different content within a short distance.. GPS Stands for Global Positioning System is a satellite-based radio navigation technology using it users can track their position, velocity and the time 24 hours a day, in all weather, anywhere in the world, the most common GPS technology are GPS and the GLONASS. NFC stands for Near field communication is a set of short-range wireless communication standards for smartphones and similar computing devices to establish peer-to-peer (P2P) radio communications with each other by touching them together.It works on smaller range around 10cm. HDMI Stands for (High-Definition Multimedia Interface) most commonly used for. transferring video data and digital audio data from a HDMI- device (Smartphone, Tablet, Laptop) to a compatible computer monitor, video projector, digital television, or digital audio device. Infrared (IR) connectivity is an old wireless technology which uses an infrared light to transfer information between two electronic devices over short-range. Micro USB v2.0, With OTG, Charging and Mass Storage Function. GPRS GPRS stands for General Packet Radio Service it is also known as GSM-IP is global system mobile communications internet protocol which works in 2G and 3G cellular networks.It provides data speed up to 40 kbps which enable mobile devices to access the internet at a Similar speed of dial-up modem and it is used for wireless data transfer like sharing pictures, text, video or browse the internet via mobile phone connection. EDGE (Enhanced Data Rate for GSM Environment) also known as also known as Enhanced GPRS or EGPRS is a wireless network technology generally considered the next step in the 2G network offers data transfer rates up to four times faster than ordinary GSM networks, Generally, EDGE is used for the purpose of wireless data transfer, such as sharing pictures and videos or browsing the Internet via a mobile phone connection. Data Speed supports by any computing device such as Smartphone, Tablet, Computer, Laptop etc mostly it measured in Mbps (Mega bit per second).A good device always supports faster data speed. Web Browser => used to access information on the world wide web such as text, image, video, audio here we have listed some of the common browsers supported by the device.. HSUPA 5.76 Mbps, HSDPA 21 Mbps, HSPA plus. Google Chrome, Support WAP, HTML, HTML5 Browsers. SMS (Short Messaging Service) is a text messaging service through which users can send text messages up to 160-224 characters to mobile devices such as cell phone, smartphone, and PDAs. MMS stands for Multimedia Messaging Service and it is used for sending multimedia message from one device to another device such as audio clips, video clips, images, text.. Email Email Stands for Electronic mail which used for sending and storing message it just like sending a physical letter.The user can send text messages, images, and other attachments to the recipient using the internet. You can create your account with Gmail, Yahoo, Hotmail or any other without any cost and its necessary to receive any message over internet and email address is unique to each user. IM stands for Instant Messaging is an exchange of text messages through a software application in real time, it enable users to create a kind of private chat room (for example Yahoo! Messenger and Apple's iChat ) with another user in order to communicate in real time over the Internet.. SMS, MMS, Email, Push Mail, IM, Hangouts. Battery Type => The battery is most important part of any electronics device and they powered by different-different kind of battery such as there are basically four types of cell phone batteries Lithium Polymer, Lithium Ion, Nickel Metal Hydride and Nickel Cadmium. Battery Capacity which measure typically in Amp-hr which tells users that how much of the charge stored by the battery. The battery capacity represents the maximum amount of power that can be run any computing device under certain conditions. A good battery always provides consistent power but it also depends on the quality of device, processor, and design. Standby Time is the longest time a phone can remain in the power during single battery charge while the device will not be in active use but constantly connected to the GSM network.. Talk Time is the total time a battery can power a phone under perfect conditions, talk time requires more power and much shorter than standby time. Music play time of the device in hours. The capacity of battery to play video on device. Package Contents: What Accessories is included with this device when you Buy This item from Store,. What is inside the package box.. Alcatel Pixi 4 Plus Power Handset. User Reviews and Discussion about Gadget. i love feature and bttery 5000 mah. look like battery is so good but tother sopecs is hell. Body & Design (look and feel):. is this price is good for this device or not. 6 / 10 based on your selection. Our aim is to provide real and precise reviews of gadget. The overall rating is based on 4 reviews by users.. Body & Design (look and feel). 1- Write Your Review only in appropriate language. 2- Try to give your review based on hands on experience and it should be true. 2- Do not forget to write good and bad things about device you used. Please not that each user review reflects the opinion of it's respectful author. Alcatel Pixi 4 Plus Power Smartphone Full Specification. Posted on September 25, 2016 at 11:09 am. Wow exciting, Alcatel Pixi 4 Plus Power Smartphone with 5000 mah big size Battery that's great to hear from brand. I will surely buy this phone. Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window). Body & Design (look and feel). Alcatel Pixi 4 Plus Power Smartphone Full Specification. Posted on September 25, 2016 at 10:56 am. 32-bit chip hell, it will not give that much of performance, what you expecting, because all it can handle few instruction at once, should have at least 64-bit cpu, it help to extend performance and quality usage of device. Alcatel pixi 4 plus power not that much good but battery is awesome and other feature is soo boring.. Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window). Body & Design (look and feel). Alcatel Pixi 4 Plus Power Smartphone Full Specification. Posted on September 25, 2016 at 10:52 am. My phone sleep from my hand to backyard, and still safe, very sweet and hard body device.. Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window). Body & Design (look and feel). Alcatel Pixi 4 Plus Power Smartphone Full Specification. Posted on September 25, 2016 at 10:50 am. Is there any technology to annealing the device while charging and use for heavy work. can i annexation some device cover without any issue. Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window). Body & Design (look and feel). Please post a user review only if you have / had this product.. You May Be Interested in Other Models from Alcatel. Alcatel OneTouch Pixi First Smartphone Full Specification. Alcatel Pixi 4 (7) Tablet Full Specification. Alcatel Pixi 4 (4 – Inch) Smartphone Full Specification. Alcatel Flash (2017) Smartphone Full Specification. Gadgets Finder – Search Gadget Here. Up to 50% Off On Mobile Phone. Sony Xperia XZ2 Smartphone Full Specification. Huawei MediaPad M5 8 Tablet Full Specification. Huawei MediaPad M5 8 Wi-Fi Tablet Full Specification. Huawei MediaPad M5 10 Pro Wi-Fi Tablet Full Specification. Huawei MediaPad M5 10 Wi-Fi Tablet Full Specification. Alcatel 1T 10 Tablet Full Specification. LG Signature Edition Smartphone Full Specification. Samsung Galaxy S8 G950K Smartphone Full Specification. Samsung Galaxy S8 G950FD Dual SIM Smartphone Full Specification. Samsung Galaxy S9 Exynos Smartphone Full Specification. Google Pixel XL Smartphone Full Specification. Samsung Galaxy S8 G9500 Smartphone Full Specification. LG V30S ThinQ vs LG V30S+ ThinQ Comparison. ZTE Tempo Go vs ZTE Blade V9 Vita Comparison. Alcatel 1X vs Alcatel 1C Comparison. Alcatel 1X vs Alcatel 3X Comparison. MGCOOL Band 3 Companion App Helps You to Carve More. Samsung Galaxy J7 Neo Smartphone Full Specification. JGAURORA A5 Updated Large Printing Size 3D Printer Just for $359.99 – GearBest Coupon. VOYO i7 Notebook with i7 6500U, 8GB RAM Just for $599.32, Flat $40 GearBest Promo Code. Xiaomi YI 4K+ Action Camera 60fps 120Mbps Only for $249.99, Geekbuying Coupon Code. XDUOO Nano D3 Lossless Music MP3 HiFi Music Player GearBest $6.91 Promo Code. Xiaomi Mi 6 Smartphone with 5.2 inch Display, MIUI 8, Snapdragon 835 Chip Just for $409, GearBest Coupon Code. HBQ – I7 TWS Bluetooth Stereo Double Headsets HD Call for $15.39, GearBest Coupon Code. News 357 How to 252 Samsung 65 Coupons & Deals 63 Xiaomi 39 Apple 36 LG 35 Huawei 35. We Suggest You The Best Smartphone with Great Features. Brand Name (specific brand gadget you want). www.pdevice.com is one of the most useful and informative website where you will get tech news, gadget info such as review and specification, price, compare, site about Smartphone,Tablets, Laptops, smartwatch, vr headset tech specs and lot more about electronics gadgets all around the globe. We provide you with the latest information about electronics gadgets , tips and tricks about gadgets .. © Copyright © 2018 - www.pdevice.com. 
Cost-effective Cheaper More expensive Performance Camera Battery Smaller Larger. Kimovil shows stores that deliver to your country. Convert prices to your local currency. Add devices to your profile, rate and comment on your smartphones.. Add it if you love it and would like to have it in your hands. Add it if you love it and would like to have it in your hands. Add it if you currently use it or you manage it... Now you are using it .... It would be a great help if you could take 2 minutes to comment on this smartphone. Add it if you currently use it or you manage it... Add it if you had it and gave it away, sold it or it died.... It would be a great help if you could take 2 minutes to comment on this smartphone. Add it if you had it and gave it away, sold it or it died.... 1 £ 82 € 93 $ 115 R$ 373 zł 390 руб 6,490 ₹ 7,444 Not available. About Alcatel Pixi 4 Plus Power. Finding the best price for the Alcatel Pixi 4 Plus Power 5023F is no easy task. Here you will find where to buy the Alcatel Pixi 4 Plus Power 5023F at the best price. Prices are continuously tracked in over 140 stores so that you can find a reputable dealer with the best price. November 2017, 3 months ago. 78.3 mm x 152.0 mm x 9.9 mm. 720 x 1280 px. Pixels per inch differentiable less than 40 cm away. - More smartphones with MediaTek MT6580 processor. - More smartphones with 1GB RAM memory. 21.122 Overall performance better than 29% of devices. GB (Capacity with the OS (depends on the brand and ROM version): 6-7 GB). - More smartphones with 8GB of internal storage. 1454 Songs , 3200 Photos and 114 Videos. These are the default features of this smartphone. Most of these features can be achieved with a more advanced camera application, so do not worry if you are missing something like a timer, smile detection, filters, etc.. Dual SIM Dual Standby (Micro SIM + Micro SIM). SIM cards (MiniSIM) can be cut to MicroSIM, MicroSIM can be cut to NanoSIM and a SIM can even be cut to a NanoSIM (although not recommended). Download this SIM Cutting Template and forget about having to ask your operator for a new SIM.... A2DP (Advanced Audio Distribution Profile). The European Union sets a limit of 2 W/kg averaged over 10 grams of tissue.. - More smartphones with Android 6.0 Marshmallow operating system. Alcatel Pixi 4 Plus Power 5023F. Alcatel Pixi 4 Plus Power 5023F. Xiaomi Redmi Note 4 3GB 64GB. Alcatel Pixi 4 Plus Power 5023F. Samsung Galaxy S4 mini I9195 LTE 8GB. Alcatel Pixi 4 Plus Power 5023F. Alcatel Pixi 4 Plus Power 5023F. Doogee Shoot 2 2GB 16GB. The information on this web site is not guaranteed. Kimovil is not responsible for inaccuracies, omissions or any other error in the information. Any warranties regarding this information are disclaimed. Total or partial reproduction of this site is prohibited in any manner without prior written permission. The trademarks, logos and device manufacturers, software, etc. are the property of their respective owners.. Coupons Buying Guide Help Contact Facebook Twitter About Us Terms & Conditions Privacy Cookies. How is the exchange rate calculated?. Email (Optional) We will notify you when it is OK. Email (Optional) We will notify you when it is OK. Add devices to your profile, rate and comment on your smartphones.. There are unanswered questions about the mobile devices you use, please help us by answering them!. 
Alcatel’s Pixi 4 Plus Power certainly lives up to its billing with a huge 5,000mAh battery. Alcatel already has more than a few phones already out in the wild, but that does not mean the company will rest on its laurels for the rest of 2016, since it recently unveiled the Pixi 4 Plus Power .. Positioned as the latest addition to the Pixi 4 family of phones and a tablet, the Pixi 4 Plus Power’s main attraction is its huge 5,000mAh battery, which promises to deliver 22 hours of Wi-Fi browsing, 14 hours of video streaming, and five days of non-stop music listening.. These numbers are somewhat arbitrary, since most folks use their phones for multiple use-cases, but the bottom line seems to be that the 5,000mAh battery will keep the Pixi 4 Plus Power’s lights on for quite some time.. battery is so large that it doubles as a portable power bank, allowing you to charge other devices using a Micro USB to Micro USB cable. Finally, when combined with its power-saving mode, the Pixi 4 Plus Power promises to deliver almost three days of use.. It helps the battery when the rest of the phone. is best described as non-demanding, and we are looking at a 5.5-inch, 1,280 x 720 resolution display, with. an unknown processor and 1GB RAM powering the Pixi 4 Plus Power. As for native storage, 8GB is on deck, with even less actually available to use, but the MicroSD card slot does provide some storage relief.. Elsewhere, a 5-megapixel camera sits on the front, while a 13MP sensor can be found. Finally, even though the Pixi 4 Plus Power brings dual-SIM card support, neither slot will support 4G LTE, since the phone tops out at 3G.. There are a few unknowns, however, such as. the processor that powers the phone, how much. the phone costs, and when it will be available. Regardless, all signs point to the Pixi 4 Plus Power falling squarely in the low- to mid-range, so do not expect to pay anywhere close to an arm and a leg for it.. 5 Tips for saving battery life in your PlayStation 4 controller. The best cheap phones you can buy. The best portable chargers for quickly juicing your device. Dell Inspiron 13 5000 2-in-1 review. Best iPhone 7 battery cases to keep your phone above 20 percent. The Samsung Galaxy S9 is finally here: Here's everything you need to know. Dog whisperer alert: this AKC affiliated smart collar helps you stay in touch. The best portable chargers for quickly juicing your device. Blink XT One Camera System review. Add Us To Your Social Channels. Digital Trends helps readers keep tabs on the fast-paced world of tech with all the latest news, fun product reviews, insightful editorials, and one-of-a-kind sneak peeks. 
The Alcatel Pixi 4 Plus Power with 5,000mAh battery is what Pokémon GO dreams are made of. 5.5-inch HD IPS 1280 x 720p. Dimensions: 152 x 78.3 x 9.9mm 202g. Connectivity: 3G HSPA+: 21Mbps downlink, 5.76Mbps uplink. Dual SIM Dual Standby + TF card. After recently launching the Idol 4S ( you can check out our full review here ), Alcatel is showing no signs of slowing down. Today, the company posted on their website a colorful new Android device dubbed the Alcatel Pixi 4 Plus Power. The phone looks to be going head-to-head against other affordably priced endurance-focused smartphones like the $300 Blu Energy XL.. However, where the Blu Energy XL offers a premium aluminum build, the Pixi 4 Plus Power — and its massive 5,000mAh battery — seem to be going for a more youthful, colorful look. The phone features an array of brightly colored back covers and to ensure you never forget about the 2-day battery life the phone is allegedly capable of, a matching “5,000mAh” banding can be found on the front.. Unfortunately, it seems that’s where the fun ends. On paper, the specs are on the (very) low-end, with a 5.5-inch 720p display, 8GB of internal storage, 1GB of RAM, and a complete lack of 4G LTE. But hey, you can always use it as a smart power bank to juice up your other devices. Other hardware specs include the following:. Although pricing and availability isn’t mentioned anywhere on the site, we’re guessing it will extremely affordably priced (especially considering the low-end hardware). Still, if you’re looking for a budget smartphone exclusively for playing Pokemon Go (because you wont be able to install much else on it), you could certainly do a whole lot worse.. New trio from Alcatel coming at MWC. Alcatel Idol 5 is a Cricket Wireless exclusive. Alcatel unveils the 6-inch A3 XL with Android Nougat. DEAL: Get the Alcatel Idol 4 for $100. android Best of Phandroid. stars Popular this Week launch. more_vert Google I/O 2018 registrations now open. close You can now register for Google I/O 2018 to the tune of over $1K. After making the announcement last month, Google I/O 2018 registration has officially opened. General Admission tickets are priced at $1,150, while Student Admission is priced at $375.. more_vert Android Go to be shown at MWC. close Google to introduce Android Go phones at MWC. We haven’t heard much about Android Go since the announcement. Several Google apps have received the “Go” treatment in that time. Google is finally ready to show off some Android Go devices at MWC next week.. more_vert Google says they're NOT bringing "Dark mode" to Android. close Google says they are definitely NOT bringing “Dark mode” to Android [NOOOOOOO!]. After news that Google was adding a Dark mode to a future Android release, Google has chimed and confirmed that this is NOT happening anytime soon. more_vert Google looking into abnormal Pixel 2 / 2 XL battery drain bug. close Google says they’re looking into Pixel 2 / 2 XL battery drain bug, here’s a possible quick fix. After users began reporting abnormal battery drain on the Pixel 2 and 2 XL, Google says they’re now looking into the issue.. close ARCore 1.0 arrives with new capabilities in Google Lens. gle today announced the public availability of ARCore 1.0. The new development kit allows developers to easily create rich AR experiences with the power of Google’s vision engine behind them.. more_vert Google Assistant to get 30 languages. close Google Assistant will have over 30 languages by year end. Google says the new languages will cover 95% of all Android users. But what’s even cooler than that is a new feature that will allow Assistant to detect languages.. more_vert Google app adds screenshot tools. close Google app adds built-in screenshot-editing tools. Now that it has been almost a year, Google is finally ready to make the feature available to everyone. Version 7.21 of the app adds editing tools for screenshots.. more_vert HTC lays off US team. close HTC lays off a large portion of its US team. HTC has laid off a majority of the US team. These are people that work exclusively in the US market. The only employees remaining in the US office are those that work for HTC Global.. more_vert Huawei P20 leaked photos show small bezels, no volume buttons. close Huawei P20 leaked photos show beautifully small bezels, volume buttons strangely absent. Huawei P20 leaked photos show us beautifully small bezels. Oddly missing is the rumored three camera setup and complete lack of a volume buttons.. more_vert Google Pay is officially rolling out today. close Farewell, Android Pay and Google Wallet: Google Pay is officially here. Google Pay is officially rolling out starting today and will soon replace Google Wallet and Android Pay.. Terms of Service | Privacy Policy | Android is a trademark of Google Inc. | © Phandroid.com, 2007-2018. 
The next video is starting stop. Want to watch this again later?. Sign in to add this video to a playlist.. Sign in to report inappropriate content.. Sign in to make your opinion count.. Sign in to make your opinion count.. Rating is available when the video has been rented.. This feature is not available right now. Alcatel Pixi 4 Plus Power REVIEW DEVICE SPECIFICATION 개요 기능 수프 / 概要特徴スープ/ 概述特点汤/समीक्षा युक्ति विशिष्टता खासियत REVIEW GAMES SOFTWARE ANDROID / ОБЗОР ПРОГРАММ ИГР АНДРОИД https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list... REVIEW SMARTPHON TABLET LAPTOP GADGETS DEVICES / ОБЗОР СМАРТФОНОВ ПЛАНШЕТОВ НОУТБУКОВ ГАДЖЕТОВ ДЕВАЙСОВ https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list.... Comments are disabled for this video.. When autoplay is enabled, a suggested video will automatically play next.. Alcatel pixi 4 plus power unboxing. Обзор Alcatel pixi 4 Plus Power 5023f. Alcatel pixi 4 plus power unboxing from lazada. Alcatel Pixi 4 Plus Power With 13 Megapixel Camera, 5000mAh Battery. Распаковка Alcatel Pixi 4 Plus Power 5023F / Unboxing Alcatel Pixi 4 Plus Power 5023F. HARD RESET Alcatel PIXI 4 | How to | Restore. Alcatel Launched Pixi 4 Plus Power Smartphone with 5000 mAh Battery Detail in [Hindi/Urdu]. Alcatel Pixi 4 Plus Good Performance & A Humongous Battery for Cheap Review. Alcatel Pixi 4 Plus Power Full Specification Details in Hindi. Alcatel Pixi 4 (5) Unboxing and Hands on - First Boot. Alcatel Pixi 4 Unboxing - Android for cheap!. Alcatel Pixi 4 Plus Power 4G LTE Smartphone Hands On Unboxing Review. Alcatel Pixi 4 Plus in Pakistan -A Minute Review. Introducing Alcatel PIXI 4 PLUS POWER. Alcatel Pixi 4 Plus Power || Super Powerful 13MP Camera 2016. Alcatel Pixi 4 (6") LTE Unboxing & Initial Setup (Official Video). Alcatel Pop 4 Plus unboxing and hands-on review. Sign in to add this to Watch Later. 
Recent Posts Wireless Sony Xperia Ear Duo headset starts at $280 with Dual Listening support ‘Extended’ Sony Xperia XZ2 and XZ2 Compact feature new designs, Snapdragon 845 power Lenovo 500e and 300e Chromebooks are now available with advanced Touch and Pen features Lenovo unveils Yoga 730 with Alexa and Cortana, Flex 14 with Active Pen included Huawei MateBook X Pro: The ‘Pro’ is for progress (Video) Recent Comments Anonymous on CES 2018 will not be graced by FCC chairman Ajit Pai Anonymous on Pixel 2 XL does not charge at full 18W allowed by adapter Anonymous on iPhone 8 and iPhone X cases made by Apple will allow for wireless charging Anonymous on Apple Store in China had just two customers in line for iPhone 8 Anonymous on Galaxy S8 will feature software navigation buttons and launch March 29 Archives February 2018 January 2018 December 2017 November 2017 October 2017 September 2017 August 2017 July 2017 June 2017 May 2017 April 2017 March 2017 February 2017 January 2017 December 2016 November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 June 2015 May 2015 April 2015 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 October 2014 September 2014 August 2014 July 2014 June 2014 May 2014 April 2014 March 2014 February 2014 January 2014 December 2013 November 2013 October 2013 September 2013 August 2013 July 2013 June 2013 May 2013 April 2013 March 2013 February 2013 January 2013 December 2012 November 2012 October 2012 September 2012 August 2012 July 2012 June 2012 May 2012 April 2012 March 2012 February 2012 January 2012 December 2011 November 2011 October 2011 September 2011 August 2011 July 2011 June 2011 May 2011 April 2011 March 2011 February 2011 January 2011 December 2010 November 2010 October 2010 September 2010 August 2010 July 2010 June 2010 May 2010 April 2010 March 2010 February 2010 January 2010 December 2009 November 2009 October 2009 September 2009 August 2009 July 2009 June 2009 May 2009 April 2009 March 2009 February 2009 January 2009 December 2008 November 2008 October 2008 September 2008 August 2008 July 2008 June 2008 May 2008 April 2008 March 2008 February 2008 January 2008 December 2007 November 2007 October 2007 September 2007 August 2007 July 2007 June 2007 May 2007 April 2007 March 2007 February 2007 January 2007 December 2006 November 2006 October 2006 September 2006 August 2006 July 2006 June 2006 May 2006 April 2006 March 2006 February 2006 January 2006 December 2005 November 2005 October 2005 September 2005 August 2005 July 2005 June 2005 May 2005 April 2005 March 2005 February 2005 January 2005 December 2004 November 2004 October 2004 September 2004 August 2004 July 2004 June 2004 May 2004 April 2004 March 2004 February 2004 January 2004 December 2003 November 2003 October 2003 September 2003 August 2003 July 2003 June 2003 May 2003 April 2003 March 2003 February 2003 January 2003 December 2002 November 2002 October 2002 September 2002 August 2002 July 2002 June 2002 May 2002 April 2002 March 2002 February 2002 January 2002 December 2001 November 2001 October 2001 September 2001 August 2001 July 2001 June 2001 May 2001 April 2001 March 2001 February 2001 January 2001 December 2000 November 2000 October 2000 August 2000 July 2000 June 2000 May 2000 Categories Accessories Android BlackBerry Interview iOS Other OS Phones Reviews Security & Privacy Tablets Uncategorized Wearables Windows Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org. Reviews Editorials Videos Podcast Deals Pocketnow en Español. Reviews Editorials Videos Podcast Deals Pocketnow en Español. Alcatel Pixi 4 Plus Power keeps you rolling way too long in developing markets. Jules Wang September 26, 2016 1:41 pm. Let’s be frank: there are quite a few options for phones with a 5 amp-hour battery. It’s a sweet spot as a number and it’s also where you could pull through a good chunk of a second or maybe even a third day. The price and specification compromise also seems fitting at this precipice.. So, what does the Alcatel Pixi 4 Plus Power bring to 3G markets? Maybe a cool-looking dot-matrix design on the back and nice color combinations.. Real talk, though — this isn’t much different from what we’ve seen before. We’re dealing with a 5.5-inch 720p screen, an unnamed processor, 1GB of RAM with 8GB of storage and microSD support up to 32GB. There’s a 13-megapixel rear camera and a 5-megapixel front-facing sensor with flash on both sides. Connectivity-wise, the best you’ll get is HSPA+, though there are two SIM slots. Wi-Fi b/g/n and Bluetooth 4.0 are also here.. The massiveness of the 5,000mAh battery takes the Pixi up near 10mm thick and to a weighty 202 grams. Such a battery and its associated hardware allow for it to be used for up to 2.7 days, charge other devices and quickly charge as well.. No word on pricing and availability just yet, but as a word of marketing psychology, that logo probably would do better with the word “Pixi” being smaller and the words “Plus” and “Power” being larger. Source: Alcatel Via: PhoneArena. Alcatel , battery pack , Budget , extended battery , News , Pixi 4 Plus Power , Specs. Alcatel , battery pack , Budget , extended battery , News , Pixi 4 Plus Power , Specs. Jules Wang is News Editor for Pocketnow and one of the hosts of the Pocketnow Weekly Podcast. He came onto the team in 2014 as an intern editing and producing videos and the podcast while he was studying journalism at Emerson College. He graduated the year after and entered into his current position at Pocketnow, full-time.. Check out our MWC 2018 coverage!. Wireless Sony Xperia Ear Duo headset starts at $280 with Dual Listening support. ‘Extended’ Sony Xperia XZ2 and XZ2 Compact feature new designs, Snapdragon 845 power. Lenovo 500e and 300e Chromebooks are now available with advanced Touch and Pen features. Lenovo unveils Yoga 730 with Alexa and Cortana, Flex 14 with Active Pen included. 56% off this sturdy, transparent iPhone X case. Shock-proof bluetooth speakers with battery life of 30 hours! — 33% off. Pay what you want for this Python learning bundle. Prolong long-term battery life of your smartphone with this Qi wireless charger. No breaks for Huawei or HTC | #PNWeekly 292. Death, lawsuits and the OnePlus X2 | #PNWeekly 291. 5G crisis, 10GB RAM, Huawei P20 potentials | #PNWeekly 290. Why do Sony Xperia phones still exist? “The next paradigm shift.”. Tim Cook: $999 is “value price” for iPhone X because of EIPs and “discounts”. Panay: Surface Pro 5? How about “meaningful change” with your “Surface Pro Next.... Huawei MateBook X Pro: The ‘Pro’ is for progress (Video). Huawei MediaPad M5 & M5 Pro Hands-On (Video). LG V30S+ ThinQ Hands-On: “Dat name, tho!” (Video). About Us Contact Us Tip Us Terms and Conditions Privacy Policy. All rights reserved, Hagshama Keebali Investments Two General Partnership. Pocketnow.com - Smartphone, Tablet, and Wearable reviews, videos, editorials, and news. 
All orders of 100.00 AED or more on fulfilled by Souq items across any product category qualify for FREE shipping.. Changed your mind, you can return your product and get a full refund.. Pay for your order in cash at the moment the shipment is delivered to your doorstep. UAE Egypt Saudi Kuwait. Let us wish you a happy birthday!. Make sure to buy your groceries and daily needs. Let us wish you a happy birthday!. Let us wish you a happy birthday!. Day 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 28 29 30 31. Year 1999 1998 1997 1996 1995 1994 1993 1992 1991 1990 1989 1988 1987 1986 1985 1984 1983 1982 1981 1980 1979 1978 1977 1976 1975 1974 1973 1972 1971 1970 1969 1968 1967 1966 1965 1964 1963 1962 1961 1960 1959 1958 1957 1956 1955 1954 1953 1952 1951 1950 1949 1948 1947 1946 1945 1944 1943 1942 1941 1940 1939 1938 1937 1936 1935 1934 1933 1932 1931 1930 1929 1928 1927 1926 1925 1924 1923 1922 1921 1920 1919 1918 1917 1916 1915 1914 1913 1912 1911 1910 1909 1908 1907 1906 1905. Please fill in a complete birthday. All Categories Supermarket Electronics Mobiles & Tablets Baby & Toys Home & Kitchen Perfumes & Beauty Sports & Fitness Automotive Brand Stores Books. New Arrivals Women Men Kids Sports Watches & Jewelry Bags Eyewear Collections International Store Top Brands Outlet Amazon Global Store. Women Clothing Footwear Bags & Wallets Watches Sunglasses & Frames Jewelry. Men Clothing Footwear Bags & Wallets Watches Sunglasses & Frames. Sports Men Sportswear Men Athletic Shoes Women Sportswear Women Athletic Shoes. Clothing Dresses Jumpsuits Tops T-shirts Jeans Pants Sportswear Swimwear Lingerie Sleepwear Skirts Jackets & Coats Arabian Wear. Bags & Accessories Totes & Hobos Cross Body Bags Clutches & Evening Bags Backpacks Wallets. Shoes Athletic Casual & Sneakers Heels Wedges Flats Sandal & Slippers Boots. Watches Fashion Watches Luxury Watches Watch Organizers Leather Bands Stainless Steel Jewelry Necklaces & Pendants Earrings Bracelets Jewelry Sets Charms Rings Fine Jewelry. Eyewear Sunglasses Optical Frames Contact Lenses Aviator Wayfarer Cat Eye Clubmaster. Top Brands adidas Aldo Call It Spring Forever 21 Guess Michael Kors Missguided Nike Only Puma Lacoste Koton Vero Moda. Clothing Shirts Polos T-shirts Jeans Trousers Sportswear Shorts Swimwear Underwear Sleepwear Jackets, Coats & Hoodies. Bags Backpacks Wallets Messenger bags Belts Hats & Caps Cufflinks Jewelry. Shoes Athletic Casual & Sneakers Sandals Slippers Boots. Eyewear Sunglasses Optical Frames Contact Lenses Aviator Wayfarer Round Rimless. Watches Fashion Watches Luxury Watches Watch Organizers Leather Bands Stainless Steel Band. Top Brands Brave Soul Call It Spring Forever 21 Fred Perry Hugo Boss Jack & Jones Lacoste Levi's Original Penguin Polo Ralph Lauren Skechers Timberland Tommy Hilfiger U.S. Women | Sportswear Tops & Tees Bottoms Bras and Vests Running Clothing Training Clothing Shop All Women | Sport Shoes Running shoes Walking shoes Training shoes Shop All. Men | Sportswear Tops & Tees Bottoms Sports Jackets Training Clothing Running Clothing Shop All Men | Sport Shoes Running shoes Walking shoes Training shoes Shop All. Top Brands adidas Nike Skechers Puma New Balance Under Armour Asics Anta Columbia Converse Mizuno Vans Shop All. Women Clothing Only Vero Moda Tommy Hilfiger Glamorous Forever 21 Tally Weijl Quiz Clothing Guess Juicy Couture Brave Soul Ichi OVS. Women Shoes Nike Skechers Reebok Puma Aldo Nine West Guess Coach Missguided Truffle Shellys London Emu Michael Kors. Women Accessories Tory Burch DKNY Fossil Marc By Marc Jacobs Kenneth Cole XOXO Esprit Gucci Nine West Akribos XXIV Just Cavalli Lauren by Ralph Lauren. Polo Assn Jack & Jones Timberland Ralph Lauren Tommy Hilfiger Santa Monica Polo Club Brave Soul Tokyo Laundry Bellfield Gant Guess Diesel Hugo Boss. Men Shoes Nike Timberland Reebok Skechers Puma Aldo Jack & Jones New Balance Converse Vans Call It Spring adidas Asics. Men Accessories Emporio Armani Oakley JBW Tommy Hilfiger Fossil Daniel Wellington Puma Diesel Polaroid Tissot Michael Kors Tumi Levi's. Food & Beverages Dairy Products Beauty Homecare Baby World Pet World. Breakfast Breakfast Cereal Oats & Granola Jams, Spreads & Honey Pastas and Noodles. Snacks Chips & Crisps Biscuits & Cookies Nuts & Seeds Dates Confectionery Chocolate & Candy. Cooking Soup Rice & Pulses Spices & Condiments Packaged Meals Organic Food. Beverages Water Juices Sodas Energy Drinks Tea Coffee Milk. Hair Care Hair Dyes Hair Treatment Shampoos Conditioners. Skin Care Body Lotions Face Creams Anti Aging Wet Wipes. Personal Care Soap & Shower Gel Mouth Wash Toothbrushes Toothpaste Deodorants Feminine Hygiene. Laundry Detergent Fabric Softener Liquid Powder. Cleaning Supplies Dish Cleaners Bathroom Cleaners Multi Purpose Cleaners Air Fresheners. Paper & Plastic Trash Bags Tissue Disposable Napkins Disposable Cups. Small Appliances Blenders & Mixers Juice Extractors Food Preparation Vacuum Cleaners Coffee Machines View All Large Appliances Refrigerators Washing Machines Ovens & Ranges Air Conditioners Microwaves View All. Laptops Macbooks Gaming Laptops All In Ones | Desktops 2 in 1 Laptops Below AED 1,999 View All Accessories Hard Disks Routers Printers Monitors USB Drives View All. Televisions LED 4K UHD Smart TV Below AED 1,499 55" Full HD View All Home Audio/Video Speakers Home Theatres Projectors Headphones TV Accessories View All. Video Games Playstation 4 Xbox One Nintendo Switch Latest Games Gaming Accessories View All Cameras Action Cameras DSLRs Point & Shoot Lenses & Flash Accessories View All. Accessories Headsets Smartwatches Powerbanks Cables & Chargers Fitness Trackers View All Cases & Covers For iPhone 8 For Samsung S8 Below AED 59 For Xiaomi For iPhone 7 View All. Tablets iPads Samsung Microsoft Surface Lenovo Innjoo View All Shop By Price Below AED 299 AED 300 - 599 AED 600 - 999 AED 1000 - 1999 Above AED 2000 View All. Mobiles Samsung iPhones OnePlus Xiaomi Motorola Sony Nokia Huawei HTC BlackBerry ASUS Honor LG View All. Trending Samsung S8 iPhone X iPhone 8 Samsung Note 8 Honor 9 Lite View All Only On Souq OnePlus 5T ASUS Zenfone 2 Motorola G5 Plus BLU Vivo 6 Infinix S2 Pro View All. Baby & Toddler Diapering Baby Food Feeding Bath & Skin Care Baby Health & Safety Baby Toys & Accessories Nursery Clothing, Shoes & Accessories Shop All Buying Guide. Baby Gear Prams & Strollers Car Seats & Boosters Travel Systems Bouncers, Rockers, Swings Monitors & Gates Walkers High Chairs Playards Shop All. Toys & Games LEGO, Building & Blocks Electronic & RC Toys Action Figures Arts & Crafts Cards, Games & Puzzles Educational Toys Stuffed Toys Dolls & Dolls houses Dress Up & Pretend Play Board Games Party Supplies Shop All. Sports & Outdoor Play Playhouses , Tables & Slides Swing Sets & Climbers Trampolines & Accessories Swimming Pools & Water Toys Bikes, Scooters & Ride Ons Sandboxes & Beach Toys Blaster Toys Bounce Houses & Ball Pits. Video Games Playstation 4 Xbox One Nintendo Switch Latest Games Gaming Accessories View All. Furniture Bedroom Living Room Kitchen & Dining Room Home Office Home Entertainment Bean Bags Décor Wallpaper & Decals Clocks Paintings/Posters Candles & Holders Curtains & Slipcovers Garden Décor. Kitchen & Dining Cookware Dinnerware Bakeware Cutlery Glassware & Drinkware Serveware Kitchen Tools Do it Yourself Measuring & Layout Tools Hand Tools Power Tools Hardware Electrical. Outdoor Trolley Suitcases & Bags Packing & Bags Accessories Lawn & Garden Outdoor Living Grills & Outdoor Cooking Home Accents & Other Crafts Bean Bags Lightings Rugs, Carpets & Mats Decorative Cushions Clocks Sewing & Acessories Coins & Stamps Collections. Bed Comforters & Duvet Sets Bedspreads & Bedding Sheets Blankets & Throws Pillows Mattress & Toppers Bath Towels Tubs, Sinks & Taps Toilets & Urinals Pets Pet Food Pet Supplies Shop All. Perfumes & Fragrances Women Men New Arrivals Arabic Perfumes Fragrance Gift Sets Perfume Buying Guide Health Dietary Supplements Vitamins & Minerals Sport Nutrition Personal Scales Blood Pressure Monitors Small Medical Equipments. Makeup Eyes Lips Face Nails Palettes & Sets Beauty Tools & Brushes Hair Hair Straightners Hair Curlers Hair Dryers Oils, Serums & Treatments Wigs Hair Accessories. Personal Care Women Hair Removal Dental Care Skin Care Massagers Bath & Body Body Support & Slimming Men's Grooming Electric Shavers Trimmers Hair Clippers Beard & Mustache Care Hair Loss Treatment. Brand Stores Luxury Beauty L'Oreal Paris Maybelline Philips Braun Oral-B Scholl Veet. Cardio Training Treadmills Exercise Bikes Rowing Machines Aerobic Steppers Exercise Ropes Fitness Trackers Ab Machines Air walkers Gym Massager Sports Fashion Footwear Clothing Accessories. Strength & Weights Home Gym Dumbbells Medicine Balls Kettlebells & Barbells Multi-Function Benches Yoga Mats Gym Gloves Gym Balls Gym Belts. Outdoor Golf Skiing Water Sports Cycling Running Camping Camping Tents Accessories Lights Camping Bed. Team Sports Football Volleyball Basketball Tennis Cricket Squash Table Tennis Badminton Leisure Sports/Games Billiard Fishing Games. Brands Everlast Body Sculpture Nike Adidas Yonex Top Skyland Wilson Aqua Sphere Waterrower Marshall fitness Nordictrack Life Top TA Sports. Car Care & Protection Air fresheners & Purifiers Car Covers Car Cleaning Tools Car polishing product Vacuum Cleaners Vehicle Fluids & Lubricants Car Multimedia Car Video system Car Audio system Car Audio & Video Tools Woofers & Amplifiers Car Bluetooth Kit Car Camera system. GPS devices Navigation System Portable Navigators In-Dash Navigators Handheld Navigators GPS Accessories GPS Receiver Car Parts & tools Car Parts Car Error Reader Car Lightings Car Air Filters Car Maintainence Car Tools. Car Accessories Interiors Accessories Exterior Accessories Car Key & Keychains Tires & wheels Compressors & Tire inflators Tire tools & product Motorcycle Parts. Top Brands Garmin Sony Clayton Boschmann JVC JBL Turtle Wax American Breeze Armor All Jabra Kenwood. Order with FREE Shipping by Souq.com. All orders of 100.00 AED or more of eligible items across any product category qualify for FREE Shipping.. This program is available only to UAE residents.. What items are eligible for FREE Shipping? The Items that are packed, fulfilled and shipped by Souq.com, which can be identified by the fulfilled by souq badge.. With FREE Shipping, your order will be delivered within the estimated shipping speed available after you checkout.. To place an order online, do the following:. 1- Add at least 100.00 AED of eligible items (in which case all other eligible items in the order also ship free) to your Shopping Cart. 2- To find eligible for FREE Shipping offers, Here are two quick and easy ways:. - Look for products with fulfilled by Souq badge in search results and detail pages. - When you search for products, select “Eligible for FREE Shipping on fulfilled by Souq filter from the left side of the search results page. - Not using search? Look for products with fulfilled by Souq badge.. Any item with fulfilled by Souq badge on the product detail page that is fulfilled and shipped by Souq is eligible and contributes to your free shipping order minimum.. For more information, go to About FREE Shipping by Souq .. Alcatel Pixi 4 Plus Power Dual Sim 3G with 5000mAh battery Black. Alcatel Pixi 4 Plus Power Dual Sim 3G with 5000mAh battery Black. Stored, Packed and Shipped by Souq.com. 1 Year Warranty +Free!. Warranty for 1 year for free More Details. Warranty for 1 year for free More Details. (2) more offers starting from. Ship to Dubai ( Change city ) Get it Tomorrow. (2) more offers starting from 303.45 AED. Thank you for rating! Write a full review. Brand Alcatel Operating System Type Android Storage Capacity 8 GB SIM Dual SIM. Brand Alcatel Operating System Type Android Storage Capacity 8 GB SIM Dual SIM Mobile Phone Type Smartphone Networking type 3G Model Number 5023E Item EAN 2724336932924 Audio 3.5 mm Audio Jack Display Screen Size 5.1 - 5.5 Inch Display Display Size (Inch) __NO_VALUE__ Connectivity NFC Camera Front Flash Color Color Black Power Management Fast Charge. Display Memory Weight Camera Battery Features. 5.5‘’ HD IPS 1280 x 720p 5 point capacitive touch screen. 8GB ROM, 1GB RAM Micro SD up to 32GB. 13* Mpxl rear / 5* Mpxl front Front/rear flash. Polaroid camera Video stabilization (EIS ) Arkamys optimized speakers Power saving mode Powerbank function Fast. Display Memory Weight Camera Battery Features BATTERY－THE POWER IS YOURS POWER BANK－COME TO THE RESCUE CAMERA－SEIZE THE MOMENT. 5.5‘’ HD IPS 1280 x 720p 5 point capacitive touch screen. 8GB ROM, 1GB RAM Micro SD up to 32GB. 13* Mpxl rear / 5* Mpxl front Front/rear flash. Polaroid camera Video stabilization (EIS ) Arkamys optimized speakers Power saving mode Powerbank function Fast charging. Do more, play more and talk more, the massive 5,000mAh battery can handle it. You can even take it to the next level with the power-saving mode to last. With so much power, you can afford to help those in need.PIXI4 PLUS POWER can actually double as a power bank, allowing you to charge up your friends’ devices when they start running low. Because with great power, comes great responsibility.. Capture incredible, share-worthy shots every time with the awesome 8 Mpxl rear camera. Even late night selfies come in bright and clear thanks to the front flash. Once you’ve got your shot, perfect it with the exclusive built in photo editing tools.. Mpxl rear camera & front flash*. 30 ratings. of users recommend this product to a friend. Thank you for rating! Write a full review. What's not so good about this product:. What's not so good about this product:. What's not so good about this product:. This is very good mobile set in this price... IF YOU LOOKING FOR A POWERFUL SMARTPHONE , YOU SHOULD DEFINITELY BUY THIS PHONE.. POWERFUL BATTERY WHICH CAN CHARGE ANOTHER PHONE TOO. Solid battery performance and excellent interface for the money. Battery is gooo I mean very good. Camera is good but can be better. I recommend to all persons looking for a nyce phone ....... You only have 4 gb left because android and othe applications takes the rest of the space. Please verify your mobile number to complete your checkout. We will send you an SMS containing a verification code. Please double check your mobile number and click on "Send Verification Code" .. We sent your verification code by SMS to +. Enter the code below and hit Verify. + 971. I didn't receive my verification code. Your Mobile number has been verified!. Have a question or an issue? We are here to help. Popular Searches White Friday Samsung S9 | S9+ Samsung Apple IPhone Souq Fashion Souq SuperMarket AmazonBasics Home & Kitchen Sports & Fitness Baby & Toys. My Account Log In / Register My Shopping Cart My Orders My Addresses Wish Lists Account Settings Account Summary Intellectual Property Brand and Copyright Owners Marketplace Sellers. Selling on Souq.com Sell on souq.com How It Works Selling Policies Seller Terms and Conditions Fulfilled by Souq FAQs Buying on Souq.com How to Buy Easy Payment Plans Return Policy Advertise with us Help. About Us Media Center Careers Privacy Policy Terms and Conditions Affiliate Program Helpbit Services. 
GSMchoice: 305 brands. A D V E R T I S E M E N T. Samsung Huawei LG Nokia Alcatel ZTE Prestigio Sony Asus BLU Motorola Lenovo HTC Sharp Coolpad Xiaomi Sony Ericsson Fly i-mobile Oppo Apple Intex Honor Panasonic Vivo Doogee myPhone Micromax Kyocera Wiko. Data Gallery Tests News Pictures Opinions Questions To your site. Alcatel 1C Alcatel 1X Alcatel 3 Alcatel 3C Alcatel 3C Dual SIM Alcatel 3V Alcatel 3X Alcatel 5 Alcatel 1030 Alcatel 1030D Alcatel 1060 Alcatel 1060D Alcatel 2004 Alcatel 2005 Alcatel 2005D Alcatel 2010 Alcatel 2010D Alcatel 2045 Alcatel 2051 Alcatel 3040 Alcatel 3040D Alcatel A3 Alcatel A3 Plus 3G Alcatel A3 XL Alcatel A3 XL Dual SIM Alcatel A5 LED Alcatel A7 Alcatel A7 XL Alcatel A30 Alcatel A30 Fierce Alcatel A30 Plus Alcatel A50 Alcatel A 341i Alcatel C60 Alcatel Cameox Alcatel Crystal Alcatel Duet App! Alcatel E100 Flip Alcatel E260 Alcatel ELLE Glamphone Alcatel ELLE No3 Alcatel Flash Alcatel Flash Plus 2 Alcatel Idol 4 Alcatel Idol 4 Pro Alcatel Idol 4S Alcatel Idol 4S Windows Alcatel Idol 5 Alcatel Idol 5S Alcatel Idol 5S 6060X Alcatel Mandarina Duck Alcatel Mandarina Duck Moon Alcatel Miss Sixty Alcatel MSX10 Miss Sixty Alcatel One Touch 2000 Alcatel One Touch 2001 Alcatel One Touch 2012 Alcatel One Touch 2012 Dual SIM Alcatel One Touch 3020 Alcatel One Touch 4033D Alcatel One Touch 5036D Alcatel One Touch Chrome Alcatel One Touch Club db Alcatel One Touch Club Plus Alcatel One Touch Conquest Alcatel One Touch Duet Dream Alcatel One Touch Elevate Alcatel One Touch Evolve Alcatel One Touch Fierce Alcatel One Touch Fierce XL Alcatel One Touch Fire Alcatel One Touch Fire C Alcatel One Touch Fire E Alcatel One Touch Fire S Alcatel One Touch Flash Alcatel One Touch Flash 2 Alcatel One Touch Flash Plus Alcatel One Touch Go Play Alcatel One Touch Hero Alcatel One Touch Hero 2 Alcatel One Touch Hero 2+ Alcatel One Touch Hero 2C Alcatel One Touch Hero 8 Alcatel One Touch Hero Dual SIM Alcatel One Touch Idol Alcatel One Touch Idol 2 Alcatel One Touch Idol 2 Dual Alcatel One Touch Idol 2 mini Alcatel One Touch Idol 2 mini Dual Alcatel One Touch Idol 2 mini S Alcatel One Touch Idol 2S Alcatel One Touch Idol 3 Alcatel One Touch Idol 3 4.7 Alcatel One Touch Idol 3 4.7 Dual SIM Alcatel One Touch Idol 3 Dual SIM Alcatel One Touch Idol Alpha Alcatel One Touch Idol Mini Alcatel One Touch Idol Mini Dual Alcatel One Touch Idol S Alcatel One Touch Idol Ultra Alcatel One Touch Idol X Alcatel One Touch Idol X+ Alcatel One Touch Idol X Dual SIM Alcatel One Touch M'Pop Alcatel One Touch Pixi Alcatel One Touch Pixi 3 4003A Alcatel One Touch Pixi 3 4008A Alcatel One Touch Pixi 3 4009A Alcatel One Touch Pixi 3 4009D Alcatel One Touch Pixi 3 4009E Alcatel One Touch Pixi 3 4009F Alcatel One Touch Pixi 3 4009M Alcatel One Touch Pixi 3 4009X Alcatel One Touch Pixi 3 4013D Alcatel One Touch Pixi 3 4013E Alcatel One Touch Pixi 3 4013J Alcatel One Touch Pixi 3 4013K Alcatel One Touch Pixi 3 4013M Alcatel One Touch Pixi 3 4013X Alcatel One Touch Pixi 3 4014X Alcatel One Touch Pixi 3 4022D Alcatel One Touch Pixi 3 4022X Alcatel One Touch Pixi 3 4023A Alcatel One Touch Pixi 3 4023D Alcatel One Touch Pixi 3 4023X Alcatel One Touch Pixi 3 4050A Alcatel One Touch Pixi 3 4050D Alcatel One Touch Pixi 3 4050J Alcatel One Touch Pixi 3 4050X Alcatel One Touch Pixi 7 Alcatel One Touch Pixi First Alcatel One Touch Pop 2 4.5 Alcatel One Touch Pop 2 4.5 Dual SIM Alcatel One Touch Pop 3 5 Alcatel One Touch Pop 3 5 Dual SIM Alcatel One Touch Pop 7S Alcatel One Touch Pop Astro Alcatel One Touch Pop C1 Alcatel One Touch Pop C1 Dual Alcatel One Touch Pop C2 Alcatel One Touch Pop C2 Dual SIM Alcatel One Touch Pop C3 Alcatel One Touch Pop C5 Alcatel One Touch Pop C7 Alcatel One Touch Pop C7 Dual Alcatel One Touch Pop C9 Alcatel One Touch Pop D1 Alcatel One Touch Pop D3 Alcatel One Touch Pop D5 Alcatel One Touch Pop Icon Alcatel One Touch Pop S3 Alcatel One Touch Pop S7 Alcatel One Touch Pop S9 Alcatel One Touch Pop Star 3G Alcatel One Touch Pop Star 4G Alcatel One Touch Pop Up Alcatel One Touch S'Pop Alcatel One Touch S'Pop Dual Alcatel One Touch S'Pop Hello Kitty Alcatel One Touch Scribe HD Alcatel One Touch Snap Alcatel One Touch Snap 7025D Alcatel One Touch Snap LTE Alcatel One Touch Star Alcatel One Touch Star 6010D Alcatel One Touch T'Pop Alcatel One Touch View Alcatel One Touch X'Pop Alcatel Orange Rise 30 Alcatel Orange Roya Alcatel OT-838 Alcatel OT-903D Alcatel OT-C507 Alcatel OT-C550 Alcatel OT-C551 Alcatel OT-C552 Alcatel OT-C555 Alcatel OT-C560 Alcatel OT-C630 Alcatel OT-C635 Alcatel OT-C651 Alcatel OT-C652 Alcatel OT-C656 Alcatel OT-C701 Alcatel OT-C707 Alcatel OT-C717 Alcatel OT-C750 Alcatel OT-C825 Alcatel OT-C850 Alcatel OT-E100 Alcatel OT-E101 Alcatel OT-E105 Alcatel OT-E157 Alcatel OT-E158 Alcatel OT-E159 Alcatel OT-E201 Alcatel OT-E205 Alcatel OT-E206A Alcatel OT-E207 Alcatel OT-E220 Alcatel OT-E221 Alcatel OT-E225 Alcatel OT-E227 Alcatel OT-E230 Alcatel OT-E252 Alcatel OT-E256 Alcatel OT-E257 Alcatel OT-E259 Alcatel OT-E265 Alcatel OT-E801 Alcatel OT-E805 Alcatel OT-S107 Alcatel OT-S120 Alcatel OT-S121A Alcatel OT-S210 Alcatel OT-S211 Alcatel OT-S215A Alcatel OT-S218 Alcatel OT-S319 Alcatel OT-S320 Alcatel OT-S321A Alcatel OT-S520 Alcatel OT-S521A Alcatel OT-S621 Alcatel OT-S850 Alcatel OT-S853 Alcatel OT-S920 Alcatel OT-S988w Alcatel OT-T10 Alcatel OT-T70 Alcatel OT-T520 Alcatel OT-V212 Alcatel OT-V270 Alcatel OT-V570 Alcatel OT-V670 Alcatel OT-V770 Alcatel OT 102 Alcatel OT 103 Alcatel OT 105 Alcatel OT 106 Alcatel OT 108 Alcatel OT 109 Alcatel OT 111 Alcatel OT 112 Alcatel OT 113 Alcatel OT 117 Alcatel OT 153 Alcatel OT 155 Alcatel OT 156 Alcatel OT 202 Alcatel OT 203 Alcatel OT 203E Alcatel OT 206 Alcatel OT 208 Alcatel OT 209 Alcatel OT 213 Alcatel OT 216 Alcatel OT 217 Alcatel OT 222 Alcatel OT 223 Alcatel OT 228 Alcatel OT 230D Alcatel OT 232 Alcatel OT 255 Alcatel OT 255D Alcatel OT 280 Alcatel OT 282 Alcatel OT 292 Alcatel OT 300 Alcatel OT 301 Alcatel OT 302 Alcatel OT 303 Alcatel OT 305 Alcatel OT 306 Alcatel OT 308 Alcatel OT 311 Alcatel OT 318D Alcatel OT 320 Alcatel OT 330 Alcatel OT 331 Alcatel OT 332 Alcatel OT 355 Alcatel OT 355A Alcatel OT 358 Alcatel OT 360A Alcatel OT 361 Alcatel OT 363 Alcatel OT 380 Alcatel OT 383 Alcatel OT 385 Alcatel OT 501 Alcatel OT 505 Alcatel OT 506 Alcatel OT 508A Alcatel OT 511 Alcatel OT 512 Alcatel OT 525 Alcatel OT 526 Alcatel OT 531 Alcatel OT 535 Alcatel OT 536 Alcatel OT 556 Alcatel OT 557 Alcatel OT 565 Alcatel OT 565a Alcatel OT 585 Alcatel OT 585D Alcatel OT 595D Alcatel OT 600 Alcatel OT 602 Alcatel OT 602D Alcatel OT 606 Alcatel OT 660 Alcatel OT 665 Alcatel OT 668 Alcatel OT 690 Alcatel OT 700 Alcatel OT 701 Alcatel OT 706 Alcatel OT 707 Alcatel OT 708 Alcatel OT 710 Alcatel OT 710D Alcatel OT 715 Alcatel OT 720 Tribe Alcatel OT 720D Alcatel OT 735 Alcatel OT 735i Alcatel OT 756 Alcatel OT 757 Alcatel OT 767 Alcatel OT 799 Alcatel OT 800 Alcatel OT 802 Alcatel OT 803 Alcatel OT 806 Alcatel OT 807 Alcatel OT 808 Alcatel OT 810 Alcatel OT 813 Alcatel OT 813D Alcatel OT 815D Alcatel OT 818 Alcatel OT 818D Alcatel OT 819 Alcatel OT 828 Alcatel OT 835 Alcatel OT 870 Alcatel OT 880 Alcatel OT 888 Alcatel OT 890 Alcatel OT 891 Soul Alcatel OT 900 Alcatel OT 902 Alcatel OT 905 Alcatel OT 906 Alcatel OT 907D Alcatel OT 907N Alcatel OT 908 Alcatel OT 909 Alcatel OT 910 Alcatel OT 915 Alcatel OT 916 Alcatel OT 916D Alcatel OT 918 Alcatel OT 918 Hello Kitty Alcatel OT 918D Alcatel OT 922 Alcatel OT 978 Alcatel OT 980 Alcatel OT 983 Alcatel OT 985 Alcatel OT 985D Alcatel OT 986 Alcatel OT 990 Alcatel OT 991 Play Alcatel OT 991 Smart Alcatel OT 991D Smart Alcatel OT 992D Alcatel OT 993 Alcatel OT 993D Alcatel OT 995 Alcatel OT 997 Alcatel OT 997D Alcatel OT 4010D Alcatel OT 5020D Alcatel OT 5035D Alcatel OT 6030D Alcatel OT EVO7 Alcatel OT Pocket Alcatel OT Pro Alcatel OT Sport Alcatel OT View db @ Alcatel Pixi 3 4.5 4027A Alcatel Pixi 3 4.5 4027D Alcatel Pixi 3 4.5 4027N Alcatel Pixi 3 4.5 4027X Alcatel Pixi 3 4.5 4028A Alcatel Pixi 3 4.5 5017A Alcatel Pixi 3 4.5 5017D Alcatel Pixi 3 4.5 5017E Alcatel Pixi 3 4.5 5017X Alcatel Pixi 3 8.0 3G Alcatel Pixi 4 3.5 Alcatel Pixi 4 3.5 Dual SIM Alcatel Pixi 4 4.0 Alcatel Pixi 4 4.0 Dual SIM Alcatel Pixi 4 5.0 5010D Alcatel Pixi 4 5.0 5010E Alcatel Pixi 4 5.0 5010G Alcatel Pixi 4 5.0 5010X Alcatel Pixi 4 5.0 5045A Alcatel Pixi 4 5.0 5045D Alcatel Pixi 4 5.0 5045J Alcatel Pixi 4 5.0 5045X Alcatel Pixi 4 5.5 5012F Alcatel Pixi 4 5.5 5012G Alcatel Pixi 4 5.5 5048A Alcatel Pixi 4 5.5 5048T Alcatel Pixi 4 5.5 5048U Alcatel Pixi 4 6.0 Alcatel Pixi 4 6.0 3G Alcatel Pixi 4 6.0 3G Dual SIM Alcatel Pixi 4 6.0 Dual SIM Alcatel Pixi 4 7.0 Alcatel Pixi 4 7.0 3G Alcatel Pixi 4 7.0 WiFi Alcatel Pixi 4 Plus Power Dual SIM Alcatel Pixi Theatre Alcatel Pop 4 Alcatel Pop 4+ Alcatel Pop 4S Alcatel Pop 7 LTE Alcatel Pulsemix Alcatel Shine Lite Alcatel Sparq Alcatel T-Mobile Move Alcatel TRU Alcatel U5 Alcatel U5 HD Alcatel U50 Alcatel V607A Alcatel Venture Alcatel Verso Alcatel Vodafone 354 Alcatel Vodafone 355 Alcatel Vodafone 555 Alcatel Vodafone Smart II Alcatel Vodafone Smart III Alcatel Vodafone Smart mini Alcatel X1 Alcatel XG1. Alcatel Pixi 4 Plus Power Dual SIM. Dimensions (W x H x D). 152.00 x 78.30 x 9.90 mm. Color / IPS TFT 16M colors 720 x 1280 px. Audio: 120 h Video: 14 h. microSD, microSDHC (up to 32 GB). MediaTek MT6580 Processor clock: 1.30 GHz Number of cores: 4. GPU: ARM Mali-400 MP2 500 MHz. A D V E R T I S E M E N T. AAC, AAC+, AMR, APE, OGG, WAV, eAAC+. If you want to add standard information about this phone to your site please - click here !. News about Alcatel Pixi 4 Plus Power Dual SIM. 26.09.2016 Alcatel Pixi 4 Plus Power: a budget phone with a great battery. Another model from a large family Alcatel Pixi 4 appeared in India. This time it is Alcatel Pixi 4 Plus Power , which distinguishing feature is a capacious battery. A D V E R T I S E M E N T. Popularity chart of Alcatel Pixi 4 Plus Power Dual SIM. We do our best to present the proper and current information on this page. However, in case of finding any error in the data above please. Alcatel Pixi 4 Plus Power Dual SIM. I purchased this phone yesterday 04-11-2017 at Jarir Bookstore, (A popular place to buy phones in Saudi Arabia). The price was equal to US$92, which seemed fantastic. I had just sold my Google Pixel XL and needed a temp phone to use until I could decide on my next flagship purchase. I purchased this phone because of the great price, dual sim, and 5000 Mah battery. The purchase was a bit concerning as the phone only does 3G and not LTE. However, considering I am on wifi most of the time it would not really bother me. The setup was a normal easy Android startup that included 30 minutes worth of updates. Now after a day of use I can say it is no speed demon but does the job fine in all areas. I may actually keep this phone and stop wasting money on a flagship model every 90 days!. .158.88.162 | 12 Apr 2017, 08:04. © 2005 - 2018 PIK Sp. MWC18: Samsung finally reveals the premiere flagships ». MWC18: HMD Global and a lot of new Nokias – including the iconic “banana” ». MWC18: LG presents the LG V30S ThinQ model with artificial intelligence ». MWC18: Three series of Alcatel smartphones - the first launch in Barcelona ». MWC18: Huawei, a genius laptop and multimedia tablets ». Samsung Galaxy S9/S9+ Unpacked - where and how to watch? All Rights Reserved by PIK Sp. Your IP 162.158.179.32 Engine & layout by InterData. 
Nikon D3400 + 18-55mm VR AF-P. Bright Star Data Kabal Jeans Luxury Micro Usb Bst-mc001 Blue. Bright Star VR BOX 3D NAOCARE+JOYSTICK BST0307078. 3G Mis Wired Usb 7d Lighting Gaming Mt-q6. Bright Star TABLET +TASTATURA 8" BST0409006. Sandisk Memory Micro Sd 16gb 48mb/s Ultra Android Class 10 Uhs-i+adapter. Huawei Mobile A1 Band Bluetooth narukvica. Nillkin Adapter micro USB na type C. Sony PS4 1TB Slim + Star Wars BFII LE Siva. Xwave Fidget Spinner X Wave 03 Triangle Svetlo. Nikon D3400 + 18-55mm VR AF-P. Bright Star Data Kabal Jeans Luxury Micro Usb Bst-mc001 Blue. Bright Star VR BOX 3D NAOCARE+JOYSTICK BST0307078. 3G Mis Wired Usb 7d Lighting Gaming Mt-q6. Bright Star TABLET +TASTATURA 8" BST0409006. Sandisk Memory Micro Sd 16gb 48mb/s Ultra Android Class 10 Uhs-i+adapter. Huawei Mobile A1 Band Bluetooth narukvica. Nillkin Adapter micro USB na type C. Sony PS4 1TB Slim + Star Wars BFII LE Siva. Xwave Fidget Spinner X Wave 03 Triangle Svetlo. Alcatel Pixi 4 Plus Power Volcano Black. Alcatel Pixi 4 Plus Power Volcano Black. Кupi za 15999 00 din. Štediš do 15998 00 din. Alcatel Pixi 4 Plus Power Volcano Black. 24 Мeseci Neograničeno 4399 00 din Cena sa uređajem. 10 GB Neograničeno 1 00 din Cena za gotovinu. Alcatel Pixi 4 Plus Power Volcano Black. 152 x 78.3 x 9.9 mm. Micro USB kabal, Micro USB to Micro USB kabal za punjenje drugog telefona, Slušalice. Potrebno je da se registrujete kao korisnik , da bi dodali recenziju ili da ocenite proizvod.. 15999 00 din Bez pretplate. 1 00 din Sa pretplatom. 15999 00 din Bez pretplate. 1 00 din Sa pretplatom. 15999 00 din Bez pretplate. 1 00 din Sa pretplatom. 16899 00 din Bez pretplate. 1 00 din Sa pretplatom. 16999 00 din Bez pretplate. 1 00 din Sa pretplatom. 16999 00 din Bez pretplate. 1 00 din Sa pretplatom. Kako biste vršili poređenje posetite stranicu drugog uređaja i kliknite na dugme "Uporedi", ili isto dugme u prikazu proizvoda u kategoriji. To compare, please open another product's page and press the button "Compare". Uputstvo za kupovinu za registrovane korisnike. Uputstvo za kupovinu za neregistrovane korisnike. Коristeći ovaj sajt, Vi prihvatate оve uslove .. Veb dizajn i programiranje Studio 77 i Studio Х. 
Select the department you want to search in. Sign in Account & Lists Sign in Account & Lists Orders Try Prime Cart. Your Amazon.com Today's Deals Gift Cards Registry Sell Help Disability Customer Support. Cell Phones & Accessories Carrier Phones Unlocked Phones Prime Exclusive Phones Accessories Cases Wearable Technology Best Sellers Deals Trade-In All Electronics. Turn on 1-Click ordering for this browser. Please enter a valid US zip code.. Please enter a valid US zip code.. Shipping to a APO/FPO/DPO? Please add the address to your address book. Make sure you include the unit and box numbers (if assigned).. Pixi 4 Plus Power case, Alcatel Pixi 4 Plus Power Wallet Case, SOGA [Pocketbook Series] PU Leather Folio Flip Wallet Case for Alcatel Pixi 4 Plus Power - Black Butterfly Heart. This item at this price, sold by Amazon.com, is currently reserved exclusively for Prime members. Prime free trial and invitee customers: We will automatically apply an Amazon.com Gift Card to your Gift Card Balance in the amount equal to the Prime exclusive discount after you become a paid Prime member. If you cancel your paid Prime membership or return the qualifying smartphone within the first 3 months of your paid Prime membership, we may void your Gift Card or charge you in the amount of the Gift Card. Terms and Conditions apply.. Ships from and sold by SogaWireless .. Wallet Case - Black Butterfly Heart. Design perfectly to fit the Alcatel Pixi 4 Plus Power. Case / Cover is made of faux PU leather with magnetic flip feature. Built in card slots and a pocket for money or small papers. Perfectly designed to access all ports on your phone with the case on. SOGA branded products have 90 day warranty included. This shopping feature will continue to load items. In order to navigate out of this carousel please use your heading shortcut key to navigate to the next or previous heading.. Customers who viewed this item also viewed. Page 1 of 1 Start over Page 1 of 1. NextKin Case For Alcatel Pixi 4 6 inch 4G LTE/ Pixi Theatre, PU Leather Dual Wallet Folio TPU Cover, 2 Large inner Pockets Double flap Privacy, 9 Card Slots Holder Snap Button & Wrist Strap - Black. Alcatel Pixi 4 6 inch 4G LTE/ Pixi Theatre Case, NEXTKIN PU Leather Dual Wallet Folio TPU Cover, 2 Large inner Pockets Double flap Privacy, 9 Card Slots Holder Snap Button & Wrist Strap - Purple. Alcatel Pixi Theatre Case With TJS Tempered Glass Screen Protector, Dual Layer Hybrid Shockproof Resist Rugged Case Cover Metallic Brush Finish Hard Inner Layer For Alcatel Pixi Theatre (Black). Alcatel Pixi Theatre case, Luckiefind Hybrid Dual Layer Brushed Case with Stylus Pen & Screen Protector Accessories (Brush Black). Alcatel Pixi Theatre case, Luckiefind Hybrid Dual Layer Brushed Case with Stylus Pen & Screen Protector Accessories (Brush Blue). For Alcatel Pixi Theatre Case + Tempered Glass Screen Protector / Slim Dual Layer Brushed Texture Armor Hybrid TPU Combat Phone Cover (Teal/Pink). This shopping feature will continue to load items. In order to navigate out of this carousel please use your heading shortcut key to navigate to the next or previous heading.. Page 1 of 1 Start over Page 1 of 1. Galaxy J7 Case, Samsung Galaxy J7 Wallet Case, SOGA [Pocketbook Series] PU Leather Magnetic Flip Design Wallet Case for Samsung Galaxy J7 (2015) - Black Butterfly Heart. LG X Power 2 Case, LG Fiesta LTE Case, K10 Power Case, LS7 Case, LG X Charge Case, SOGA [Pocketbook Series] Leather Folio Flip Wallet Case for LG X Power 2, LG Fiesta LTE - Pink Butterfly. LG Stylo 2 Plus Case, LG Stylus 2 Plus Wallet Case, SOGA [Pocketbook Series] PU Leather Magnetic Flip Design Wallet Case for LG Stylo 2 Plus / Stylus 2 Plus - Black Butterfly Heart. LG Sunset Case, SOGA [Pocketbook Series] PU Leather Folio Flip Wallet Case for LG Sunset (L33L) - Luxury Black. ZTE Max Duo LTE / Imperial Max / Kirk Case, SOGA [Pocketbook Series] PU Leather Magnetic Flip Design Wallet Case for ZTE Max Duo 4G LTE / Imperial Max / Kirk - Pink Butterfly. LG Treasure Case, LG Treasure LTE Wallet Case, SOGA [Pocketbook Series] PU Leather Folio Flip Wallet Case LG Treasure LTE (L51AL L52VL) - Green Butterfly. Find answers in product info, Q&As, reviews. Please make sure that you are posting in the form of a question.. Don't see what you're looking for?. There was a problem completing your request. Please try your search again later.. Wallet Case - Black Butterfly Heart. Purple Double Flap Wallet Snap Button & Strap. Alcatel Pixi 4 6 inch 4G LTE/ Pixi Theatre. Pixi 4 Plus Power case, Alcatel Pixi 4 Plus Power Wallet Case, SOGA [Pocketbook Series] PU Leather Folio Flip Wallet Case for Alcatel Pixi 4 Plus Power - Black Butterfly Heart. Alcatel Pixi 4 6 inch 4G LTE/ Pixi Theatre Case, NEXTKIN PU Leather Dual Wallet Folio TPU Cover, 2 Large inner Pockets Double flap Privacy, 9 Card Slots Holder Snap Button & Wrist Strap - Purple. Alcatel Pixi Theatre Case With TJS Tempered Glass Screen Protector, Dual Layer Hybrid Shockproof Resist Rugged Case Cover Metallic Brush Finish Hard Inner Layer For Alcatel Pixi Theatre (Black). Alcatel Pixi Theatre case, Luckiefind Hybrid Dual Layer Brushed Case with Stylus Pen & Screen Protector Accessories (Brush Black). For Alcatel Pixi Theatre Case + Tempered Glass Screen Protector / Slim Dual Layer Brushed Texture Armor Hybrid TPU Combat Phone Cover (Teal/Pink). Alcatel Pixi Theatre OT-5098O Case, Slim Armor Hybrid Cover [Scratch/Dust Proof] Defender Dual Layer Shockproof Protection Case (VGC Black). Color: Wallet Case - Black Butterfly Heart. This wallet pouch case is easy to use, yet secure and convenience. Inside the wallet pouch itself, there is a hard TPU (Thermoplastic Polyurethane) housing made to fit the phone snugly.. Color: Wallet Case - Black Butterfly Heart. 6.1 x 3.1 x 0.5 inches. 2.08 ounces ( View shipping rates and policies ). #982,415 in Cell Phones & Accessories ( See Top 100 in Cell Phones & Accessories ). #476,931 in Cell Phones & Accessories > Cases > Cases. If you are a seller for this product, would you like to suggest updates through seller support ?. Would you like to tell us about a lower price ?. 5 star 100% 4 star 4 star (0%) 0% 3 star 3 star (0%) 0% 2 star 2 star (0%) 0% 1 star 1 star (0%) 0%. Share your thoughts with other customers. There was a problem filtering reviews right now. 5.0 out of 5 stars Five Stars. Color: Wallet Case - Black Butterfly Heart | Verified Purchase. liked it, but it was the wrong one for my phone. 0 Comment | Was this review helpful to you?. There's a problem loading this menu right now.. Get fast, free shipping with Amazon Prime. Prime members enjoy FREE Two-Day Shipping and exclusive access to music, movies, TV shows, original audio series, and Kindle books.. Careers About Amazon Investor Relations Amazon Devices. Sell on Amazon Sell Your Services on Amazon Sell on Amazon Business Sell Your Apps on Amazon Become an Affiliate Advertise Your Products Self-Publish with Us › See all. Amazon Rewards Visa Signature Cards Amazon.com Store Card Amazon.com Corporate Credit Line Shop with Points Credit Card Marketplace Reload Your Balance Amazon Currency Converter. Your Account Your Orders Shipping Rates & Policies Amazon Prime Returns & Replacements Manage Your Content and Devices Amazon Assistant Help. Amazon Music Stream millions of songs. Amazon Drive Cloud storage from Amazon. 6pm Score deals on fashion brands. AbeBooks Books, art & collectibles. ACX Audiobook Publishing Made Easy. Alexa Actionable Analytics for the Web. Amazon Business Everything For Your Business. AmazonFresh Groceries & More Right To Your Door. AmazonGlobal Ship Orders Internationally. Home Services Handpicked Pros Happiness Guarantee. Amazon Inspire Digital Educational Resources. Amazon Rapids Fun stories for kids on the go. Amazon Restaurants Food delivery from local restaurants. Amazon Video Direct Video Distribution Made Easy. Amazon Web Services Scalable Cloud Computing Services. Audible Download Audio Books. AudiobookStand Discount Audiobooks on Disc. Book Depository Books With Free Delivery Worldwide. Box Office Mojo Find Movie Box Office Data. ComiXology Thousands of Digital Comics. CreateSpace Indie Print Publishing Made Easy. DPReview Digital Photography. East Dane Designer Men's Fashion. Fabric Sewing, Quilting & Knitting. Goodreads Book reviews & recommendations. IMDb Movies, TV & Celebrities. IMDbPro Get Info Entertainment Professionals Need. Junglee.com Shop Online in India. Kindle Direct Publishing Indie Digital Publishing Made Easy. Prime Now FREE 2-Hour Delivery on Everyday Items. Prime Photos Unlimited Photo Storage Free With Prime. Shopbop Designer Fashion Brands. TenMarks.com Math Activities for Kids & Schools. Warehouse Deals Open-Box Discounts. Whole Foods Market America’s Healthiest Grocery Store. Withoutabox Submit to Film Festivals. Woot! Deals and Shenanigans. Zappos Shoes & Clothing. Souq.com Shop Online in the Middle East. Subscribe with Amazon Discover & try subscription services. Conditions of Use Privacy Notice Interest-Based Ads © 1996-2018, Amazon.com, Inc. 
