GSM 850 / 900 / 1800 / 1900. LTE band 1(2100), 3(1800), 7(2600), 8(900), 20(800). 209 x 124.9 x 8.3 mm (8.23 x 4.92 x 0.33 in). IPS LCD capacitive touchscreen, 16M colors. 8.0 inches, 185.6 cm 2 (~71.1% screen-to-body ratio). 800 x 1280 pixels, 16:10 ratio (~189 ppi density). microSD, up to 32 GB (dedicated slot). Wi-Fi 802.11 b/g/n, Wi-Fi Direct, hotspot. SMS(threaded view), MMS, Email, Push Mail, IM. We can not guarantee that the information on this page is 100% correct. alcatel Pixi 3 (8) LTE - user opinions and reviews. I bought a pixi3(8)lte but this is android!!!why?. We bought this phone for several months. But - and this is not a disadvantage but specifications must remember. Samsung Apple Nokia Sony LG HTC Motorola Huawei Microsoft Lenovo Xiaomi Google Acer Asus Oppo OnePlus Meizu BlackBerry Alcatel ZTE Toshiba Vodafone Energizer XOLO Lava Micromax BLU Gionee vivo LeEco Panasonic HP YU verykool Maxwest Plum. alcatel Pixi 3 (8) LTE reviews. Hands-on of Alcatel Pixi 3 (8), Fierce XL, and more. Samsung Galaxy Tab A 7.0 (2016) alcatel Pixi 3 (8) 3G alcatel Pixi 3 (10) Apple iPad Pro 12.9 (2017) alcatel Fierce XL (Windows). alcatel 3x alcatel 3 alcatel 1x alcatel 5 alcatel 3v alcatel Pixi 4 (5). 
Alcatel Pixi 3 (8) LTE Specs. Alcatel Pixi 3 (8) LTE Specifications. DIMENSION: 209 x 124.9 x 8.3 mm. Alcatel Pixi 3 (8) LTE Windows Tablet was launched in February 2016. It is running on the Qualcomm MSM8909 Snapdragon 210 processor with Adreno 304 GPU. The phone has 1 GB RAM and 8 GB of internal storage which is expandable using microSD, up to 32 GB.. The Alcatel Pixi 3 (8) LTE has a 8.0 inches WXGA, 800 x 1280 pixels IPS display with a pixel density of 189 ppi. Coming to cameras, it has a 5 MP rear camera and a 2 MP front camera for selfies. It has a microUSB port for data syncing and charging. There is a accelerometer sensor present on the Alcatel Pixi 3 (8) LTE. It is a single SIM smartphone with support for 4G LTE, Wi-Fi, Bluetooth and GPS too.. The Alcatel Pixi 3 (8) LTE runs on Microsoft Windows 10 and all this is powered by a 4060 mAh battery. It measures 209 x 124.9 x 8.3 mm (height x width x thickness).. Alcatel Pixi 3 (8) LTE Detailed Specifications. 209 x 124.9 x 8.3 mm (8.23 x 4.92 x 0.33 in). GSM 850 / 900 / 1800 / 1900. LTE band 1(2100), 3(1800), 7(2600), 8(900), 20(800). Quad-core 1.3 GHz Cortex-A7, Qualcomm MSM8909 Snapdragon 210 [Browse Similar]. Adreno 304 [Browse Similar]. 1 GB [Browse Similar]. 5 MP, [Browse Similar]. 2 MP [Similar]. Wi-Fi 802.11 b/g/n, Wi-Fi Direct, hotspot. Nokia 6 gets an Android One edition at MWC 2018, runs Oreo out of the box. Huawei MateBook X Pro comes with a 13.9-inch FullView Touchscreen display and a wonky camera design. Samsung Galaxy Tab 3 7.0 Lite. Copyright © PhoneBunch | Advertise | Contact Us | Terms of Use. 
alcatel Pixi 3 (8) LTE - user opinions and reviews. I bought a pixi3(8)lte but this is android!!!why?. We bought this phone for several months. But - and this is not a disadvantage but specifications must remember. Battery and charging well and touch also. But when i read the user manual and found it belonging to the company tirelessTCL when the phone owned by Alcatel. Dimilio, 17 Jul 2016 Does anybody know where ca I buy this device? I was wondering the same thing!. I've been desperately trying to buy this for almost half a year,. but nobody sells it anywhere in the world!. They've probably sold zero units! - Then they complain it doesn't sell!. Or better yet: make a new model with 10" FHD, SD 617, 3GB, 32GB+SD. Does anybody know where ca I buy this device?. I am not so much satisfied since it lags a little. front cam seems like "out of focus". lollypop needs at least 2gb ram to run smoothly.. got this device from o2 recently absolutely love it just cant even put it down would highly reccomend. I have this device and I am very pleased with it, I have been waiting for the right tablet to come along that was exactly what I was looking for and the fact it has everything I needed plus phone capabilities was a bonus for me! The only downside for me was the memory size purely because I have a young baby and I am finding myself taking a lot of video recording of his development which the videos have taken alot of my 8gb memory, the cameras front and rear are very good it is also lightweight and easy to use! I love everything about this device and I have to say I am very hard to please where the perfect device is concerned lol yeah I love it so much my mobile phone is no longer used because this is an all round good device!! &#128153; &#128536;. I think it is android, because this good tablet for COC but it is not.. cherry bloom, 03 Feb 2016 looking forward to have this device Yes me too I am probably gonna buy it to replace my 2,5 year old tablet.. looking forward to have this device. Only if I can use it as a phone. There is another device similar to this one, Alcatel Onetouch Pixi 3 (8) (8070) with specs:. 1.3GHz Quad-core ARM Cortex-A7 CPU. Android 5.0.1 OS, almost pure aosp with some apps preinstalled (not usless, like evernote, full gapps, es file explorer, some others). I would like to make full review but I dont kow how :D. This might very well be my next tablet. OS Windows is Growing up and of course, it's better than Android at less.... You get OS updates directly from Microsoft with Windows 10 mobile. Android is like PCs preinstalled with spywares, malwares, and different UI from the OEMs with no timely updates.. Total of 16 user reviews and opinions for alcatel Pixi 3 (8) LTE .. Samsung Apple Nokia Sony LG HTC Motorola Huawei Microsoft Lenovo Xiaomi Google Acer Asus Oppo OnePlus Meizu BlackBerry Alcatel ZTE Toshiba Vodafone Energizer XOLO Lava Micromax BLU Gionee vivo LeEco Panasonic HP YU verykool Maxwest Plum. alcatel Pixi 3 (8) LTE reviews. Hands-on of Alcatel Pixi 3 (8), Fierce XL, and more. Samsung Galaxy Tab A 7.0 (2016) alcatel Pixi 3 (8) 3G alcatel Pixi 3 (10) Apple iPad Pro 12.9 (2017) alcatel Fierce XL (Windows). alcatel 3x alcatel 3 alcatel 1x alcatel 5 alcatel 3v alcatel Pixi 4 (5). 
Step 2/4 > Select your current Network. Unlock your Alcatel Pixi 3 (8) LTE with Unlock Code. Request a Alcatel Pixi 3 (8) LTE unlock code and we will send you the code by email along with a set of instructions on how to use it. In most cases you only need to insert the SIM card you want to use and the cell phone will prompt for the unlock code („SIM Network Unlock PIN”). If your phone does not ask for one and there is no input field where to enter the unlock code, please contact our customer support before starting the ordering process. Feel free to get in touch with us, we will gladly respond you within less than 12 hours on any question about how to unlock Alcatel Pixi 3 (8) LTE.. Pick the country your Alcatel Pixi 3 (8) LTE is locked to. Attention! Pick the Current Network your device is locked to, NOT the network you want to use. Easy instructions on how to Unlock Alcatel Pixi 3 (8) LTE. Why should I order a Alcatel Pixi 3 (8) LTE unlock code?. Easily migrate to another service provider. Get more money if you sell your phone. Safest method to unlock your phone. Here at UnlockRadar.com it's so easy to unlock Alcatel devices, you don't even need technical skills to do it. As easy as dialing a phone number. Read this step-by-step guide, meant to walk you through the process:. Select the country and the service provider your phone is locked to, then check the price.. Send us the IMEI of your phone and proceed to checkout. To find the IMEI number, type *#06# on your device keyboard.. Enter your name, a valid email address and complete the order. A confirmation email will be sent to you after we receive the payment.. We will send the unlock code on your email. Usually it's a 8 or 16 digit number, but in some cases it may be a complete set of codes. You only need the first one, the NCK.. Insert the SIM card of another network operator and enter the code you received from us. With an unlocked phone you have the huge advantage of easily changing your network provider and being able to choose a better plan to suit your needs.. You can save hundreds of dollars when traveling abroad if you have an unlocked phone. Just buy a local SIM card and start making calls at local rates, avoiding roaming charges.. Unlocked phones tend to have higher resale prices than locked phones, and you can easily sell your unlocked device internationally.. IMEI unlock is the safest way to unlock your device, because it uses genuine unlock codes from the manufacturer. No software, no opening your phone's case, no warranty void.. Before you order a Alcatel Pixi 3 (8) LTE unlock code, make sure you follow our requirements checklist:. Be certain that your phone is locked. Try to insert a SIM from a different network and wait for the phone to ask for the unlock. If it doesn't prompt for the code, and you can make a regular call, than your phone is NOT SIM locked.. Be certain that your phone is NOT stolen or blacklisted.. Be certain that your phone is NOT hard locked. If you tried too many times to unlock it before, your handset may be locked forever.. Make sure to give us the correct IMEI and to select the original country and network, NOT the one you want to use.. We will NOT be able to refund your money if our service fails to unlock your device for any of the reasons mentioned before.. By more than 486 happy customers. After losing several days trying to follow various tutorials on Youtube about how to unlock my phone, I decided then to buy the code. Very good price and quick service. Got my code and instructions how to unlock Alcatel Pixi 3 (8) LTE. It did take a bit longer then they said it would, but they clearly noticed me about it so that seems fine to me.. Good timing, affordable and great service, I'll keep coming back.... I got my Alcatel Pixi 3 (8) LTE unlock code very quickly. It was so easy to unlock my phone. A well recommended company I would recommend it to all my friends. Mark Tzerhfu     . Remy Dent     . Catherine Grace     . Jane Miller     . Francisco Soria     . 7 days a week, 24 hours a day. 
You don't have permission to access /specifications/alcatel-pixi-3-8-lte/. 
Home All Brands Top 10 Mobile Phones Latest News Latest Mobiles Phones Upcoming Mobiles Phones Model Finder Technology Blog. Alcatel Pixi 3 (8) LTE - Review, Video Review, Unboxing Demo. Mobile Network Support and Band Device Body Design and Display Device Hardware and Operating System Device Photography and Video Memory and Entertainment Features Internet and Data Communication Inside Alcatel Pixi 3 (8) LTE Box (Box Contents) Alcatel One Touch Pixi 3 (8) 4G Tablet Battery 4060 mAh Charger USB Data Cable User Manual Warranty Card. Alcatel Pixi 3 (8) LTE was officially announced in January 2016, Device released in March 2016 Alcatel Pixi 3 (8) LTE made under One Touch.. Alcatel Pixi 3 (8) LTE have Micro-SIM Card Slots,Alcatel Pixi 3 (8) LTE support all GSM Based network providers. Alcatel Pixi 3 (8) LTE mobile device support 2G Band Frequency at GSM 850,GSM 900,GSM 1800,GSM 1900 and Hight Speed 3G Network Band at HSDPA 850,HSDPA 900,HSDPA 1900,HSDPA 2100,Alcatel Pixi 3 (8) LTE also support LTE based 4G Networks Support at Frequency level LTE 2100,LTE 800,LTE 1800,LTE 2600,LTE 900,comes with network handling support with Network settings and work offline with flight Mode.. Alcatel Pixi 3 (8) LTE is a Tablet device and it have device dimension with 210 x 123 x 8 mm, Exactly 209 x 124.9 x 8.3 mm. Phone weight including the Battery 370g, Unofficial. Alcatel Pixi 3 (8) LTE display enhanced with IPS LCD Capacitive TouchScreen capable to display 16M Colors at ~189 ppi Pixel Density. Display Resolution of this phone is 1280 x 800 pixels (WXGA) compact with the 8 Inch display with Mode.Device has Loudspeaker to amplify music playback and tones,. Alcatel Pixi 3 (8) LTE equipped for Windows 10 Operating System, Device hardware empoweredby Qualcomm Snapdragon 210, MSM8909 Chipsetand Quad Core Processor Processor handle manipulate tasks,at the speed of 1.3 GHz.device have 1 GB RAM.Alcatel Pixi 3 (8) LTE have internal storage 8 GB.memory can upgrade Upto 32 GB with MicroSD.Alcatel Pixi 3 (8) LTE have 5.0 MP Cameraand with enhanced nigh vision No Flash Light.and 2.0 MP Secondary front Camera.. Alcatel Pixi 3 (8) LTE 5.0 MP and Photo output come at 5.0 MP, 2592 x 1944 Pixels Resolution in size camera help us to catch our favorite movements at Photographs and Videos Medium quality.Photo as includes date tagging and GPS based Geo Tagging.VideoVideo Recording at 1080p 30 FPSquality. Camera has powerful Digital Zoom digital zoom help us to focus objects very clear. Autofocus,Touch focus,Self timer,Face Detection,Smile detection,HDR,Face Beauty features also help us to take more precious photos for our daily use.Camera has powerful With digital zoom help us to focus objects very clear. Alcatel Pixi 3 (8) LTE have secondary front camera With and takes high quality photos as well Enhanced Camera features like TV Output helps to connect our device directly through LED, LCD TV through Alcatel Pixi 3 (8) LTE.Alcatel Pixi 3 (8) LTE have Sweep Panorama to take pictures around you.. Alcatel Pixi 3 (8) LTE Supports major auto Formats WAV,AAC,AMR,MP3,WMA,MIDI,FLAC,OGG,AAC+,eAAC+ and video Formats 3GP,MP4,FLV,xVID,AVI,DivX,MKV,H.264,H.263, device haveMini headphone headphone jackAlcatel Pixi 3 (8) LTE have internal storage 8 GB help to storage enough data of music and video files.expendable memory can upgrade Upto 32 GB with MicroSD Memory Card.Alcatel Pixi 3 (8) LTE supports Stereo FM Radio along with FM Recording feature.Device have the power to playback musics Up to 24 Hrs through standard Media Player.able to play videos Up to 6 Hrs. Alcatel Pixi 3 (8) LTE Supports 2G Transfersand 3G TransfersData Transfer with GPRS and with EDGE.Data communication speed through LTE 50 Mbps,HSPA plus,LTE CAT4 150 Mbps DL,Data connection also through Wi-Fi 802.11 b/g/n, WiFi Direct.Wi-Fi supports dual band Hotspot support to share internet connection through Alcatel Pixi 3 (8) LTE. Device support to browse web pages through with Microsoft Edge, which supports you to browse HTML,HTML5 web pages.browser also supports Adobe Flash. Personal data transfers through Bluetooth 4.1 Device comes with With which helps to view mapsand locate our location through GPS Tracking help us for Navigation or Direction. Device supports messaging features SMS,MMS,Email,Push Mail,IM,Hangouts.. » Full Specifications » User Opinions & Review » Compare » Pictures » 360° View » Related Phones » Review » Related News » User Manual » Photo Quality » Video Quality Tweet Popularity and Rating Rate this Mobile Phone Design. 0 1 2 3 4 5 Features. 0 1 2 3 4 5 Performance. 0 1 2 3 4 5. Categories » 4G VoLTE Mobiles » Apple iOS Mobiles » Android 4G » Dual Camera Phone » Dual Sim Mobiles » Android Smartphone » Dual OS Smartphone » Android Dual Sim » Android One » Android CDMA » Tablet » Android Tablet » Windows 4G » Windows Mobiles » Windows Tablet » Smartphone » CDMA Phone » GSM & CDMA Phone » Dual OS Tablets » Dual SIM Qwerty » Ubuntu Tablet » Ubuntu Mobiles » Basic Dual Sim » Basic Phone » Qwerty Phones » Touch & Type » Triple Sim Mobile » Slide phones » Android Camera Top Brands » Samsung » Apple » Nokia » Google » Lenovo » Motorola » BlackBerry » Huawei » Alcatel » HTC » OnePlus » LG » Asus » Xiaomi » ZTE » Micromax » Oppo » Karbonn » Vivo » Acer » Intex » BLU » Gionee » Vodafone » Prestigio » All Brands. LG V30S+ ThinQ LG V30S ThinQ ZTE Blade V9 Vita Nokia 7 Plus Nokia 8 Sirocco Nokia 1 Samsung Galaxy S9+ SM-G965 Samsung Galaxy S9 SM-G960. LG V30S+ ThinQ LG V30S ThinQ ZTE Blade V9 Vita Nokia 7 Plus. Alcatel Pixi 3 (8) LTE Announced February 2018, weight 158g, 6” OLED Capacitive Touch Screen, 16 MP Camera, Bluetooth 5.0,Wi-Fi Price in February 2018 View Full Specifications | Unboxing Pictures | Manual Download | 360 View. Alcatel Pixi 3 (8) LTE Announced February 2018, weight 158g, 6” OLED Capacitive Touch Screen, 16 MP Camera, Bluetooth 5.0,Wi-Fi Price in February 2018 View Full Specifications | Unboxing Pictures | Manual Download | 360 View. Alcatel Pixi 3 (8) LTE Announced February 2018, weight 145g, 5.45” IPS LCD Capacitive TouchScreen, 13 MP Camera, Bluetooth 4.1,Wi-Fi Price in February 2018 View Full Specifications | Unboxing Pictures | Manual Download | 360 View. Alcatel Pixi 3 (8) LTE Announced February 2018, weight 155g, 6” IPS LCD Capacitive TouchScreen, 12 MP Camera, Bluetooth 5.0,Wi-Fi Price in February 2018 View Full Specifications | Unboxing Pictures | Manual Download | 360 View. » Specifications » 360° View » Pictures » Photo Quality. Home | Privacy Policy. 
Log in and comment. Ya casi estamos listos! Defina un nombre de usuario y una contraseña.. Especificaciones Noticias Comentarios Aviso de precio Comparar Fondos de pantalla. ¡Hola, estamos contratando! Si eres un redactor, desarrollador o diseñador web únete a nosotros!. Alcatel Pixi 3 8 LTE. Inscríbase para ser notificado cuando este dispositivo esté disponible.. El Alcatel Pixi 3 8 LTE es un tablet Touchscreen mediano, ideal para quien no tiene muchas exigencias mas se virve de un buen display touchscreen. Las funciones oferecidas por el Alcatel Pixi 3 8 LTE son más o menos las mismas oferecidas en otros dispositivos avanzados, comezando con la conectividad Wi-fi y GPS. Tiene lector multimedia y bluetooth. Enfatizamos la memoria interna de 8 GB con la posibilidad de expansión. La transferencia de datos y navegación web son previstas por la red UMTS , mas no soporta tecnologías más recientes, tales como HSDPA. Sorprendente es su pantalla Touchscreen de 8 pulgadas, un verdadero record que coloca este Alcatel en el tope de su categoría. La resolución también es alta: 1280x800 pixeles. Cámara de 5 megapixeles que permite al Alcatel Pixi 3 8 LTE tirar fotos de alta calidad con una resolución de 2592x1944 pixeles. Muy fino, 8.3 milímetros, lo que hace al Alcatel Pixi 3 8 LTE realmente bueno para el transporte.. Sistema Operativo Lanzamiento Antena Dimensiones Peso RATING Hardware - Display - Camera - Performance NETWORK Gsm Dual Sim Sim Card HARDWARE Chipset CPU 64 Bit GPU RAM Memoria Memoria Expansible DISPLAY Pulgadas Resolución Densidad en Pixeles Tipo Touchscreen Multitouch Colores CAMERA Megapixeles Resolución Flash HDR Cámara Secundaria VIDEO Resolución de Grabación FPS de Grabacioón Grabacioón Con Sonido Estereo CONNECTIVITY Wi-Fi Bluetooth USB NFC GPS DATA TRANSFER GPRS EDGE UMTS HSDPA HSUPA HSPA+ LTE Velocidad Máxima De Descarga Velocidad Máxima De Subida SENSORS Acelerómetro Giroscopio FEATURES Reproductor De Música Reproductor De Vídeo Radio FM Tv Salida de TV Navegador Reproductor Flash Vibración Altavoz Tonos Tonos Personalizados Otro BATTERY Tipo Amperios. Microsoft Windows 10 2016/1 Integrated 209 x 124.9 x 8.3 mm 340 grams 5.5 / 10 5 / 10 5.6 / 10 4.9 / 10 Quad Band (850/900/1800/1900) Micro Cortex-A7 Qualcomm Snapdragon 210 MSM8909 1.3 GHz Quad Core Adreno 304 1 GB 8 GB Up to 32 GB Micro SD 8 800 x 1280 pixel 189 ppi IPS LCD Capacitive 16 milhões 5 Mp 2592 x 1944 pixel 2 Mp Full HD 30 fps 802.11b/g/n 4.1 com A2DP Micro USB 2.0 A-GPS - - MP4/H.263/H.264 Html/HTML5 Polifonic SNS integration Wi-Fi Direct Wi-Fi hotspot Litio 3240 Mah. Por favor ayúdenos a mejorar, avísenos si ve un error!. Las mejores ofertas para Alcatel Pixi 3 8 LTE. Inscríbase y le notificaremos cuando hayan ofertas. Conoce al Alcatel Pixi 3, un celular que llega con tres sistemas operativos. Energizer presenta un smartphone con batería de 4,500 mAh. Energizer, la compañía conocida por sus baterías, presentó un nuevo teléfono inteligente, que al menos en papel parece un dispositivo bastante bueno. La empresa ha estado produciendo teléfonos por un tiempo, o. IFA 2017: Dell presenta ordenadores portátiles y de escritorio gaming más nuevos monitores. La fabricante de ordenadores también hizo su paso por la alfombra roja en el IFA y presentó buenas opciones para el área gaming. Usuarios reportan nuevo problema en el iPhone X. Siguen los problemas para Apple y en esta oportunidad algunas unidades de los iPhone X están presentando un extraño sobrecalentamiento. El Xiaomi Redmi Note 5 finalmente se lanzaría en el Q2 de este año y con cámaras duales. Desde fines del años recién pasado que hemos ido conociendo detalles del próximo Xiaomi Redmi Note 5 y ahora hay posible fecha de lanzamiento, aunque no es tan cercana. Alcatel Pixi 3 8 LTE. 
USA (+1) 224 204 2112 | UK (+44) 020 3868 0383 | hello@tablet2cases.com. Free shipping on orders above $40. It appears that your cart is currently empty!. Cooper Bounce Strap Drop Proof Rugged Case w/ Shoulder Strap, Hand Strap & Kickstand. Mujjo Moulded Edge Leather Wallet case for Apple iPhone 8/7. The OneTouch Pixi 3 (8) is a cheap and cheerful Windows tablet which I'd be happy to use for the basics, but for anything more complicated it's likely to struggle. Aimed more at emerging markets where customers can't afford both a phone and a tablet, the Pixi 3 (8) could be a viable option, but in more developed markets it'll be a much more difficult sell.. Cooper Infinite Elite Universal Folio for 7-8'' & 9-10.1'' Tablets. Cooper Voda Mini Universal Waterproof Sleeve for 6-8'' Tablets. DiCAPac WP-T7/WP-T10 Floating IPX8 Waterproof Case with Hand Strap for 7-8''/9-10.1'' Tablets. Cooper Envelope Universal Business Sleeve for iPad & 7-8'' / 9-10.1'' / 11-13'' Tablets. iBallz Universal Rugged Case for 7-8'' / 9-10.1'' Tablets. Cooper Patriot Universal Portfolio Case for 7-8'' & 9-10.1'' Tablets. Reboon Booncover Universal Folio Case /w Velcro Pads for 6-11'' Tablets. Joyroom Suitcase D100 6800mAh Portable Power Bank for Tablets & Smartphones. Joyroom Iron Series D106 10000mAh Portable Power Bank for Tablets & Smartphones. Cooper B1 Mini Wireless Bluetooth Keyboard for Tablets & Mobile Devices. Cooper Rotating 360 Universal Portfolio Case for 7-8'', 9-10.1'' Tablets. Cooper Optimus Universal Folding Bluetooth Keyboard for Tablets and Smartphones. Mujjo Winter Touchscreen Gloves for Tablets and Smartphones. Cooper Cases Pedestal Universal 5'' - 7'' Tablet Metal Stand. Cooper Cases Enterprise Universal Wireless Bluetooth Keyboard. Cooper Touchpad Executive Bluetooth Keyboard Folio for Alcatel Pixi 3 (8) LTE. Cooper Foldertab Executive Portfolio for Alcatel Pixi 3 (8) LTE. Cooper Infinite Executive Bluetooth Keyboard Folio for Alcatel Pixi 3 (8) LTE. Cooper Magic Carry Folio with Shoulder Strap for Alcatel Pixi 3 (8) LTE. Cooper Backlight Executive Bluetooth Keyboard Folio for Alcatel Pixi 3 (8) LTE. Cooper Infinite S360 Rotating Folio for Alcatel Pixi 3 (8) LTE. Cooper Magic Carry II PRO Shoulder Strap Folio for Alcatel Pixi 3 (8) LTE. Cooper Diplomat Rotating Portfolio Case for Alcatel Pixi 3 (8) LTE. Cooper Infinite Folio Case for Alcatel Pixi 3 (8) LTE. Cooper Aurora Bluetooth LED Backlit Keyboard for Alcatel Pixi 3 (8) LTE. Cooper Magic Wand Bluetooth Keyboard & Remote for Alcatel Pixi 3 (8) LTE. Bluelounge Bonobo Apple iPad / 8-9.7" Tablet Sleeve. Sign up for sales, new releases & 10% discount. Tablet2Cases Limited - Office 4, 10/F, Kwan Chart Tower,. is added to your shopping cart.. is added to your wish list.. 
Float this Topic for Current User. All community This category This board Knowledge base Users. Auto-suggest helps you quickly narrow down your search results by suggesting possible matches as you type.. I know asking Sprint anything about future devices is like whistling in a hurricane butI'll have a go. Is there anywayin [inappropriate word removed] that Sprint will get the Alcatel Pixi 3 (8) LTE Windows phablet?????. Please remember that all messages must abide by the Community Guidelines. Please help us to keep our Community a positive. Be sure to read our Rules & Guidelines and if you have any concerns. message to @Seawolf or @A11ey, and we'll check it out!. If you are like me and love to read about all the recently published. firmware updates (Hey, most of my TV shows are on winter... Em_Will_I_Am in Buzz About Wireless. SOLUTION: "No Hot Spot or WiFi calling icon". Symptoms The toggle for Hot Spot is nowhere to be found in Settings. buddy of mine has an S8+ and I confirmed that his ... seawolf in Phones & Devices. 
Find a Store for Local Pricing and Availability. Alcatel Pixi 3 (8) LTE Cell Phone Chargers. Cell phones today are more than just a way to talk to other people – they’re practically all-in-one electronic devices. You likely use your phone to send text messages, listen to music, and play games on a daily basis, to name just a few. All of these activities have one thing in common: they quickly drain your phone’s battery. Batteries Plus Bulbs can help you keep your phone charged and ready to go with our selection of Alcatel Pixi 3 (8) LTE chargers.. 1 - 4 of 4 | View. Power up any USB based device. Plug in for instant power or recharge of your device. 2.6Ah Portable Battery Charger Alcatel Pixi 3 (8) LTE Cell Phone. 4 LED status indicator lights show you how much power remains. Approximately 9 hours of additional battery life. 2.2Ah Black Portable Battery Charger Alcatel Pixi 3 (8) LTE Cell Phone. Four LED status indicator lights show you how much power remains. Approximately 9 hours of additional battery life. 2.2Ah Blue Portable Battery Charger Alcatel Pixi 3 (8) LTE Cell Phone. Back up power for any device using a USB power cord. Provides up to 7 hours of runtime. External Battery Pack Charger Alcatel Pixi 3 (8) LTE Cell Phone. Chemistry: Nickel Cadmium, Nickel Metal Hydride. We stock AC, DC, and USB Chargers for your Alcatel Pixi 3 (8) LTE cell phone so that you can keep your phone going no matter where you are. Use your DC charger to power your phone through your car during a long commute, then switch to the USB you keep on your desk at work. Stuck in an airport? Keep a spare AC charger to plug into any standard 110-120VAC wall outlet. Thanks to our versatile selection, you never have to fear a dead cell phone battery again.. Chargers are a phone’s best friend, but occasionally you’ll find yourself somewhere where you’re completely unable to charge your phone. Batteries Plus Bulbs has you covered there, too. We’ve got portable battery packs that can provide emergency power to your Alcatel Pixi 3 (8) LTE phone in a pinch.. We strive to provide the best price available on BatteriesPlus.com and in our stores. Store pricing may vary from the price advertised on BatteriesPlus.com. Fees may apply for recycling, environmental disposal, and/or labor/installation.. All registered trademarks are the property of their respective owners. Duracell is a registered trademark of Duracell U.S. 
Select the department you want to search in. Sign in Account & Lists Sign in Account & Lists Orders Try Prime Cart. Your Amazon.com Today's Deals Gift Cards Registry Sell Help Disability Customer Support. Cell Phones & Accessories Carrier Phones Unlocked Phones Prime Exclusive Phones Accessories Cases Wearable Technology Best Sellers Deals Trade-In All Electronics. Only 20 left in stock - order soon.. Turn on 1-Click ordering for this browser. Please enter a valid US zip code.. Please enter a valid US zip code.. Shipping to a APO/FPO/DPO? Please add the address to your address book. Make sure you include the unit and box numbers (if assigned).. Alcatel Pixi 3 (8) LTE 8" Tablet Case, UniGrip PRO Edition - By Cush Cases (Navy Blue). Be the first to review this item. This item at this price, sold by Amazon.com, is currently reserved exclusively for Prime members. Prime free trial and invitee customers: We will automatically apply an Amazon.com Gift Card to your Gift Card Balance in the amount equal to the Prime exclusive discount after you become a paid Prime member. If you cancel your paid Prime membership or return the qualifying smartphone within the first 3 months of your paid Prime membership, we may void your Gift Card or charge you in the amount of the Gift Card. Terms and Conditions apply.. Only 20 left in stock - order soon.. Ships from and sold by Derma Pad .. Unigrip case for the Alcatel Pixi 3 (8) LTE Tablet. Premium PU Leather Case with hand strap, 3 card holders and SD card holder!. Made of top of the line workmanship. Protects your tablet from ugly scratches, scuffs, dust and dirt.. Direct access to most ports and buttons without removing it from the case. This case DOES NOT have access to back camera of tablet. This protects the camera lens from scratches/dust/cracks and fingerprints.. Built In landscape stand for viewing movies or video calls. Hand strap allows you to easily hold tablet with one hand and use device with the other.. Elastic band keeps case securely closed with Anti Slip Silicone Clamps to keep tablet in place! Available in 8 Colors!. Shop the latest computer accessories and gadgets from today's brightest startups on Amazon Launchpad. This shopping feature will continue to load items. In order to navigate out of this carousel please use your heading shortcut key to navigate to the next or previous heading.. Page 1 of 1 Start over Page 1 of 1. BeePole Samsung Galaxy Tab S3 SM-T820/SM-T825 Tab S2 T810 9.7 Inch Case with Multi Angle Support Xband Enhanced Hand Strap - PU Leather Tablet Cover with Magnetic Auto Wake/Sleep Feature (Black). Alcatel OneTouch PIXI 7 Tablet Case, UniGrip Edition - By Cush Cases (Black). Galaxy Tab A 7.0 Case, [Multi-angle Stand] Ultra Slim Lightweight Folding PU Case Stand Cover for Samsung Galaxy Tab A 7.0 Tablet 2016 Release / SM-T280 / SM-T285. AT&T Trek HD (9020A) 8" Tablet Case, UniGrip PRO Edition - By Cush Cases (Black). Nuvision TM800A620M 8" Tablet Case - 8" UniGrip PRO Edition - By Cush Cases (LIGHT BLUE). Nextbook Ares 8A 8 Inch Tablet Case - 8" UniGrip PRO Edition - By Cush Cases (RED). Your cost could be $0.00 instead of $16.95 ! Get a $50 Amazon.com Gift Card instantly upon approval for the Amazon Rewards Visa Card. Find answers in product info, Q&As, reviews. Please make sure that you are posting in the form of a question.. Don't see what you're looking for?. There was a problem completing your request. Please try your search again later.. Unigrip case for the Lenovo Alcatel Pixi 3 (8) LTE Tablet. Premium PU Leather Case with hand strap, 3 card holders and SIM card holder! Made of top of the line workmanship. Protects your tablet from ugly scratches, scuffs, dust and dirt. Direct access to most ports and buttons without removing it from the case. This case DOES NOT have access to back camera of tablet. This protects the camera lens from scratches/dust/cracks and fingerprints. Built In landscape stand for viewing movies or video calls. Hand strap allows you to easily hold tablet with one hand and use device with the other. Elastic band keeps case securely closed with Anti Slip Silicone Clamps to keep tablet in place! Available in 8 Colors!. Be the first to review this item. Product Warranty: For warranty information about this product, please click here. If you are a seller for this product, would you like to suggest updates through seller support ?. Would you like to tell us about a lower price ?. There are no customer reviews yet.. 5 star 5 star (0%) 0% 4 star 4 star (0%) 0% 3 star 3 star (0%) 0% 2 star 2 star (0%) 0% 1 star 1 star (0%) 0%. Share your thoughts with other customers. There's a problem loading this menu right now.. Get fast, free shipping with Amazon Prime. Prime members enjoy FREE Two-Day Shipping and exclusive access to music, movies, TV shows, original audio series, and Kindle books.. Careers About Amazon Investor Relations Amazon Devices. Sell on Amazon Sell Your Services on Amazon Sell on Amazon Business Sell Your Apps on Amazon Become an Affiliate Advertise Your Products Self-Publish with Us › See all. Amazon Rewards Visa Signature Cards Amazon.com Store Card Amazon.com Corporate Credit Line Shop with Points Credit Card Marketplace Reload Your Balance Amazon Currency Converter. Your Account Your Orders Shipping Rates & Policies Amazon Prime Returns & Replacements Manage Your Content and Devices Amazon Assistant Help. Amazon Music Stream millions of songs. Amazon Drive Cloud storage from Amazon. 6pm Score deals on fashion brands. AbeBooks Books, art & collectibles. ACX Audiobook Publishing Made Easy. Alexa Actionable Analytics for the Web. Amazon Business Everything For Your Business. AmazonFresh Groceries & More Right To Your Door. AmazonGlobal Ship Orders Internationally. Home Services Handpicked Pros Happiness Guarantee. Amazon Inspire Digital Educational Resources. Amazon Rapids Fun stories for kids on the go. Amazon Restaurants Food delivery from local restaurants. Amazon Video Direct Video Distribution Made Easy. Amazon Web Services Scalable Cloud Computing Services. Audible Download Audio Books. AudiobookStand Discount Audiobooks on Disc. Book Depository Books With Free Delivery Worldwide. Box Office Mojo Find Movie Box Office Data. ComiXology Thousands of Digital Comics. CreateSpace Indie Print Publishing Made Easy. DPReview Digital Photography. East Dane Designer Men's Fashion. Fabric Sewing, Quilting & Knitting. Goodreads Book reviews & recommendations. IMDb Movies, TV & Celebrities. IMDbPro Get Info Entertainment Professionals Need. Junglee.com Shop Online in India. Kindle Direct Publishing Indie Digital Publishing Made Easy. Prime Now FREE 2-Hour Delivery on Everyday Items. Prime Photos Unlimited Photo Storage Free With Prime. Shopbop Designer Fashion Brands. TenMarks.com Math Activities for Kids & Schools. Warehouse Deals Open-Box Discounts. Whole Foods Market America’s Healthiest Grocery Store. Withoutabox Submit to Film Festivals. Woot! Deals and Shenanigans. Zappos Shoes & Clothing. Souq.com Shop Online in the Middle East. Subscribe with Amazon Discover & try subscription services. Conditions of Use Privacy Notice Interest-Based Ads © 1996-2018, Amazon.com, Inc. 
ARY News Live Geo News Express News Ten Sports Makkah Live. Mobile Prices Alcatel Alcatel Pixi 3 (8) LTE. Alcatel Pixi 3 (8) LTE Price in Pakistan, Spec & Reviews. Alcatel brings you an amazing phone that is smart from every aspect. The Alcatel Pixi 3 (8) (LTE) is a Micro SIM integrated phone that comes with amaz ... Network Technology GSM / HSPA / LTE 2G bands GSM 850 / 900 / 1800 / 1900 3G bands HSDPA 900 / 2100 4G bands LTE band 1(2100), 3(1800), 7(2600), 8(900), 20(800) Speed HSPA, LTE GPRS Yes EDGE Yes Launch Announced 2016, February Status Available Body Dimensions 209 x 124.9 x 8.3 mm (8.23 x 4.92 x 0.33 in) Weight - SIM Micro-SIM Display Type IPS LCD capacitive touchscreen, 16M colors Size 8.0 inches (~71.1% screen-to-body ratio) Resolution 800 x 1280 pixels (~189 ppi pixel density) Multitouch Yes, up to 5 fingers Platform OS Microsoft Windows 10 Chipset Qualcomm MSM8909 Snapdragon 210 CPU Quad-core 1.3 GHz Cortex-A7 GPU Adreno 304 Memory Card slot microSD, up to 32 GB (dedicated slot) Internal 8 GB, 1 GB RAM Camera Primary 5 MP Features Yes Video [email. protected] Secondary 2 MP Sound Alert types MP3 ringtones Loudspeaker Yes 3.5mm jack Yes Comms WLAN Wi-Fi 802.11 b/g/n, Wi-Fi Direct, hotspot Bluetooth v4.1 GPS Yes, with A-GPS Radio No USB microUSB v2.0 Features Sensors Accelerometer Messaging SMS(threaded view), MMS, Email, Push Mail, IM Browser HTML Java No - MP3/AAC/WAV player - MP4/H.264 player - Document viewer - Photo/video editor Battery Non-removable Li-Ion 4060 mAh battery. Alcatel Pixi 3 (8) LTE Price in Pakistan, Spec & Reviews. Alcatel brings you an amazing phone that is smart from every aspect. The Alcatel Pixi 3 (8) (LTE) is a Micro SIM integrated phone that comes with amazing display of 8 inches IPS LCD screen and resolution of 800 x 1280 pixels. Alcatel Pixi 3 (8) (LTE) is running on Microsoft Windows 10 OS and that makes it pretty fast and accurate giving you smooth performance on the platform of Windows. This tablet is equipped with 1 GB RAM, and 8 GB built in memory. The micro SD card support can extend the space in the phone up to 32 GB. You can stock all your clicked photos using 5 mega pixel back camera or even the group selfies from your 2 megapixel front snapper. As the name suggests, the Alcatel Pixi 3 (8) (LTE) is equipped with the faster LTE technology that allows you to browse internet with a flash speed and live stream a match as you wish. MP3 ringtones are there inside the phone along with 3.5 mm jack and loud speaker facility. A 4060mAh battery of Alcatel Pixi 3 (8) (LTE) is helpful in keeping the lights of the device on for longer time. You can chit chat with your friends or watch a video for hours. Access the Alcatel Pixi 3 (8) (LTE) price in Pakistan if you are interested in making a buying decision.. full specification & features like front and back camera, battery life, internal. and external memory ram mobile color and other features, also read. reviews, watch video and large front and back images.. Get all the latest updates of. price in Pakistan, Karachi, Lahore, Islamabad and other cities in Pakistan.. TPU Thin Backcover For Ipho .. Bamboo USB Mini Fan - Blue. Smart Case for Huawei P9 Lite. Bundle of VR Box 2.0, Remot .. 360 Rotate Leather Case For .. 
The next video is starting stop. Unlock Alcatel Pixi 3 (8) LTE. Want to watch this again later?. Sign in to add this video to a playlist.. Sign in to report inappropriate content.. Sign in to make your opinion count.. Sign in to make your opinion count.. Rating is available when the video has been rented.. This feature is not available right now. Unlock any device for free: mobilephoneunlockingsoftware.com. When autoplay is enabled, a suggested video will automatically play next.. How To Unlock Alcatel OneTouch Pixi 3 tablet 8inch (9005 and 9005x) by unlock code.. Hard Reset Alcatel Pixi 3 9002X, factory settings , unlock pattern. Step By Step easy bypass google account verification ANDROID with out OTG cable--HD. FRP ALCATEL - Bypass google all Alcatel. ALCATEL PIXI 3 (4.5) FRP BYPASS - Google Account Lock Bypass - Simple & Easy. How to Enter Fastboot Mode in ALCATEL One Touch Pixi 3 (8) WiFi. Hard Reset ALCATEL One Touch Pixi 3 - Bypass Pattern Lock by Factory Mode. Unlock Alcatel OneTouch Pop3, Pop 4, Pixi 3, Pixi 4, LUME, Streak, Allura, IDEAL, Flint, D1, D3, D5.. Meet Alcatel's 7- and 8-inch OneTouch Pixi 3 tablets. UNBOXING AND REVIEW OF ALCATEL ONETOUCH PIXI 3 8". Alcatel One Touch Pop C3 4033X - How to unlock pattern lock by hard reset. Easy way to Root Samsung Galaxy Note 3 Neo (Any Version). Alcatel FRP bypass 6.0.1/7.0 new method 2017. ByPass Factory Reset Protection on Android FRP with no OTG, no ROOT, no Cable. Alcatel One Touch Pixi 3 hard reset. Amazon Fire Tablet 7, HD 8 and HD 10 Review. Top 5 Ways to use USB OTG - Android. All New Fire HD 8 Tablet 2016 Review. Unboxing - Alcatel Onetouch Pixi 3 (8) - Tekniikkaparkki.fi. Alcatel OneTouch Pixi 3 hands-on: affordable 4G tablets. Sign in to add this to Watch Later. 
Cookies Help Us Optimize Your Experience. It is also used for Stats, Social Media & For Quality Assurance.By Continuing To Our,Site You Accept This.. Samsung Europe Samsung USA & CANADA Samsung Australia. We Notify Every Status Of Your Order From 1st Step To Final Step Until Its Ready & Delivered To You. PLEASE REMEMBER FREE CODES OR UNTESTED CODES MAY HARDLOCK YOUR PHONE PERMANENTLY, SO JUDGE YOURSELF!!. USE SEARCH TO FIND YOUR MODEL OR LET US KNOW. Sim Network Unlock Pin-Sim ME Unlock Code-NCK-SPCK-Sim Key-Network Provider Code For Alcatel-HTC-LG. Sim Network Unlock Pin-NP Code-Network Subset Key For Motorola. Sim Network Unlock Pin For Sony Xperia. Sim Network Pin-Provider Pin-Subprovider Pin-Defreeze-Unfreeze Code For Samsung. Sim Network Unlock Pin-MEP Code For Blackberry. Sim Service Provider Unlock Code For Various Mobile Brands. WORLDWIDE ANY NETWORKS FOR ANY HELP WE ARE HERE 24/7 : [email. » Alcatel Pixi 3 (8) LTE Unlock Code / Network Key. We Maintain Highest Level To Ensure Right On Time Delivery. During Processing, We Notify Every Update From First To Last Until The Codes Are Delivered To You. Please Do Not Order For The Following Networks: Boost Mobile USA & Australia, Telcel Mexico, Sprint,Verizon & Tracfone USA.. Mobile Internet 5G Is Coming Soon? Or Just A Rumor?. Unlocking Instructions & Hard Reset Guideline For Mobiles?. Australia Networks 3 Hutchison Australia Crazy Johns Australia Virgin Australia Vodafone Australia HelloMobile RewardMobile ThinkMobile Telstra Unlock Code Boost Mobile TeleChoice Optus Unlock Code Amaysim Commander iPrimus JeeneeMobile SouthernPhone Startel Yatango Mobile. Canada Networks Bell Mobility Network Code Fido Network Code Koodo Network Code Rogers Network Code SaskTel Network Code Solo Mobile Network Code Telus Network Code Virgin Network Code. France Networks Bouygues Unlock Code Free Mobile Transatel Mobile Orange France Network SFR Unlock Code. Ireland Networks 3 (Three) Ireland Network Code O2 Ireland Network Code Vodafone Ireland Network Code. Portugal Networks TMN (MEO) Network Code Vodafone Portugal Optimus (NOS) Unlock Code. Romania Networks Orange Network Unlock Vodafone Romania Network. Spain Networks Movistar Spain Network Orange Spain Network Vodafone Spain Network Yoigo Spain Network. Sweden Networks 3 (Hutchison) Network Unlock Tele2 Network Unlock Telenor Network Unlock Telia Network Unlock. Switzerland Networks Salt / Orange Network Code Sunrise Network Code Swisscom Network Code. UK Networks Argos Mobile Store ASDA Mobile Store Carphone Warehouse Co-Operative Phone Currys Store UK Digital Phone EE UK Networks Giffgaff Mobile Lebara Mobile Sainsburys Mobile Store Shebang Mobile Talk Mobile TalkTalk Mobile Coral Unlock Code O2 Unlock Code Orange UK Unlock Code Tesco Unlock Code T-Mobile Unlock Code Three(3) Unlock Code Virgin Unlock Code Vodafone Unlocking. USA Networks Cable & Wireless Network Consumer Cellular Network MetroPCS Network Unlock T-Mobile USA Network US Cellular AT&T Network Code Sprint Unlock Code. Alcatel Pixi 3 (8) LTE Unlock Code / Network Key. 100% Guaranteed Or Else 100% Moneyback. We First Confirm, Then We Provide Unlock Code. All Our Codes Are Tested Before Delivery & 100% Guaranteed To Work.. We Need Only 1 Try, Our Code Will Unlock Your Phone In 1st Attempt.100% Guaranteed, So Give Us A Try!!. UK Verified Paypal Account, So Transaction Is Safe. "NEVER TRY FREE OR CHEAP CODES AS THERE IS 100% RISK OF GETTING HARD LOCKED, A HARD LOCKED PHONE CAN NEVER BE UNLOCKED BY CODES.YOUR PHONE IS PRECIOUS SO PLEASE HANDLE WITH CARE.". We Are Ranking No.1 In Trustpilot For The Category Of Mobile Unlocking Since Year 2014-2016, Based On The Reviews Of Happy Customers.TrustPilot Is A Reputed European Review Company, So Trust Us Blindly.. Product Code: Alcatel Pixi 3 (8) LTE. Delivery Time: Average 6 Hours. Never Try Free Or Un-Tested Codes. It Is Noticed That Often People Hardlock Their Phone Just For Not Taking Right Service. A Hardlocked Device Can't Be Unlocked Again By Codes. Why us? Only Because "We Prefer To Give Up With Honor, Rather Than Win by Cheating". You Always Get A Straight Solution From Us Before & After.. Your Phone Warranty Will Not Be Void.. Unlock Codes & Free Instruction Will Be E-mailed, Doesn't Matter Where You Are, You Get It In Your Mailbox.. Our Codes Are Safe, No Physical Damage To The Phone At All.. It Will Not Get Re-locked After Software Update Or Resetting.. What Is The Meaning Of Network Unlocking?. What Is An Unlock Code or Network Lock Code?. After you power on with a different network simcard and you get a message "SIM Card Not Accepted." Or “SIM CARD NOT REGISTERED ON NETWORK” then it means your phone is network locked.To get released from this bindings and using your phone on any sim is called network unlocking.. What Makes Us Different? Is Unlock Codes For Alcatel Secured To Use & Will It Really Work?. Yes, definately its working code and 100% safe to use. In most cases we found that its been delayed to unlock from the carrier and the rate is extremely high. Thus we are here to help to solve the issue.. How To understand Whether Alcatel Is Network Locked?. IF YOU TURN ON YOUR PHONE & GET THE FOLLOWING MESSAGE THEN IT IS CONFIRMED THAT YOUR PHONE IS NETWORK / FACTORY LOCKED:. ENTER "NETWORK KEY (NCK) / SIM UNLOCK PIN / SIM ME CODE" or "SERVICE PROVIDER KEY / SPCK / SIM KEY".. What is IMEI & Where Can It Be Found On My Alcatel handset?. IMEI stands for International Mobile Equipment Identity, it is an unique international serial number only made for your phone to identify, you can find it by dialing *#06# in your dial pad. You can also find it at the back label under the battery.. How To Get IMEI Number Of Your Phone By Dialing *#06# (Click To Watch Video)?:. How To Hard Reset Any Alcatel Android Phone Before Entering Network Unlock Code / To Remove Forgotten Password ?. Very pleased Trust these people Amazing. Awesome service and communication! Got it unlocked within the time frame that was given. Order was filled promptly and the unlock code worked!. I had been searching the net and Amazon and Ebay for an unlocking service, and when I did reviews, I realised that you didn't know who were con men as most were. Luckily I found trustpilot and this company. It took 35 hours to get code, they had poor communication with me apart from computer generated PayPal messages, I started to panic and sent three emails and then heard from them with the code which worked great and no issues at all. So I did think it was a con site as no communication but it worked out great, would recommend to anyone. Just don't be in a rush, give yourself a couple of days to receive your code.. Thank you for your honest opinion. We did receive your emails but on our system your email address was flagged as spam, the reason our emails were just bounced back. It is not your fault, our email management software are very secured so that no spam emails are sent from our end. Anyways we still apologize for the inconvenience that may have caused. We always try to maintain a proper communication with our customers. And the delay caused only because models, manufacturer, country, network are all the factors we have to check before we proceed and the communication between end server to the main server takes time. This is not the case for other models and networks. Samsung models minimum processing time varies form 6-72 hours, whereas models like HTC, Alcatel, LG takes only few hours. However we respect each and every suggestions our customer have and we will try to serve better in future. I needed to unlock my Sony Xperia Z5. I found this website and sent my payment of £18 and was told to allow 3-4 working days for my unlock code.. I got the code under 24 hrs later and it worked first time. So happy, thank you to everyone at guaranteed unlock. I will be sure to recommend you to everyone.. Я разместил заказ, через час со мной связались, уточнили детали. Через четыре часа я плучил требуеые мне кода и точную инструкцию как пользоваться.Все подошло, телефон работает!. I recently used this company to unlock an old Nokia 6700 Classic. As I couldn't unlock the phone, GuaranteedUnlock refunded me within 12 hours of receiving my email. No quibbles - no fuss, just great customer service.. Our Alcatel Pixi 3 (8) LTE Unlock Code Is. WE DELIVER UNLOCK CODES UNDER SPECIAL SUPERVISION!!!. Group Of Engineers Who Have Worked In Different Reputed Mobile Companies.. We Act By Providing Network Unlock Codes / Sim Unlocking Pin. To Our Customers Worldwide From Our Own Datacentres.. INCASE UNLOCK CODES NOT ACCEPTED BY YOUR PHONE OR UNSUCCESSFUL, WE WILL REFUND YOU IMMEDIATELY.. We Can Be Reached Live Between 9AM and 7PM (GMT),. Even Offline E-mail Code Delivery & Support Provided 24/7.. What Unlocking Service Provided For Alcatel Pixi 3 (8) LTE?. unlocks your phone to be used worldwide on any GSM Carrier.. Just provide us your IMEI thats all you need to get your unlock code in your email. ITS A PERMANENT & LIFE TIME UNLOCKING WITHOUT HARMING HANDSET WARRANTY OR SOFTWARES, NO NEED TO REPEAT THE CODE.. Want Unlock Codes For Alcatel Pixi 3 (8) LTE? What Are The Level Of Network Code. A) Sim Network Unlock Pin / Network Key. How to Unlock Alcatel Pixi 3 (8) LTE Phone? / How To Order Your SIM Unlock Code For Your Alcatel Pixi 3 (8) LTE Mobile?. 1) IMEI-Dial *#06# to get 15 digit IMEI.. ID- You will find it under the battery printed on the sticker. 2) Locked Network- Your Phone currently locked to.. 3) Comment-If you want to place any special note to us.. 4) MAKE PAYMENT & WAIT FOR THE CODE.. How To Enter Network Unlock Codes In Alcatel Pixi 3 (8) LTE ? /. Alcatel Pixi 3 (8) LTE Unlocking Instruction:. Power On your phone with a different Network Simcard... It will either ask to enter Network key or Sim Network Unlock Pin / NCK Code / SIM ME Lock Code.. or It will either ask to enter. Service provider key / SPCK CODE./. Code will accept smoothly and after Network unlock Successful phone will start normally.. How to Hard Reset Alcatel Pixi 3 (8) LTE? or Alcatel Pixi 3 (8) LTE Factory Reset. Power ON at a time with * # and power button.. If you get any message press ok.. Hold volume UP+ Power on/off key at the same time to power on again.. If you get any option select Factory Reset to Confirm. (Prepare a backup before you do it.). Alternative Software Reset / Factory Reset for Alcatel Pixi 3 (8) LTE:. Secret Codes For Alcatel Pixi 3 (8) LTE:. DIAL 000000* to Enter Engineering Menu. DIAL ###847# Reset To Factory Default.. Payment & Shipping Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions. Our Unlock Codes Are 100% Guaranteed To Work. Copyright © 2007-2016, Guaranteedunlock.com-We Do What We Say!!, All Rights Reserved.. 
News Review Phones Xiaomi Huawei Meizu nubia OnePlus OPPO vivo ZTE All Giveaway Deals Shop Forums. Brand: Alcatel Category: Mobiles. Processor Quad-core Snapdragon 210. Camera 5 MP + 2 MP. Operating System Microsoft Windows 10. The overall rating is based on review by our editors. .0 0.0 1. Design 5 / 10. Display 6 / 10. Camera 5 / 10. Features 5 / 10. Connectivity 6 / 10. Usability 6 / 10. Performance 5 / 10. Battery 6 / 10. Alcatel Pixi 3 (8) LTE - SPECIFICATIONS. Type Design Type called form factor refers to a mobile phone's size, shape, and style as well as the layout and position of major components of phone. There are three major form factors seen in mobile phones => bar phones, folding phones and sliding phones.. 209 x 124.9 x 8.3 mm. Display Type Display Technology => A number of display technologies and types used in mobile phones => TFT (Thin Film Transistor), IPS (In-Place Switching), OLED (Organic Light Emitting Diode), AMOLED (Active-Matrix Organic Light-Emitting Diode), Super AMOLED (an even advanced version of AMOLED), Resistive Touchscreen (Resistive touchscreens contain two layer of conductive material with a very small gap between them which acts as a resistance), Capacitive Touchsceen (Capacitive touchscreen technology consists of a layer of glass coated with a transparent conductor). Display Colors Display Colors is refers to the number of different shades of colors that the screen is capable of displaying => 64K colors, 256K colors and 16 million colors, Obviously 16M is highest available range of colors and better than others.. Pixel Density Pixel Density (PPI) is refers to the concentration of pixels on a particular display, measured in pixels per inch (ppi). Pixel density is calculated by dividing the diagonal pixel resolution of a display by its diagonal size, higher pixel density better display quality.. GPU GPU (Graphics Processing Unit) is a single-chip processor designed to rapidly manipulate and alter memory to accelerate the creation of images in a frame buffer intended for output to a display, This includes things such as lighting effects, object transformations, and 3D motion.. RAM (Memory) RAM (Random Access Memory) is a type of computer memory that can be accessed randomly, any byte of memory can be accessed without touching the preceding bytes that allows information to be stored and accessed quickly from random locations. RAM is the most common type of memory found in computer systems, smartphones, tablets and other electronic devices.. Internal Storage Internal Storage is a data storage space (flash memory) mostly used in smartphones, tablets and other electronic devices where operating system, apps, music, photos, videos, files and other user data Is stored.. Memory Card Slot Memory Card Slot is a special slot for inserting a memory card. Memory cards allow you to expand the phone's built-in memory, A memory card (sometimes called a flash memory card or a storage card) is a small storage medium used to store data such as text, pictures, audio, and video, for use on small, portable or remote computing devices such as mobile phones, mp3 players, digital cameras.. Sensors Sensors are electronic components that detects and responds to some type of input from the physical environment. The specific input could be light, heat, motion, moisture, pressure and location, The output is generally a signal that is converted to use in computing systems, a location sensor, such as a GPS receiver is able to detect current location of your electronic device.. Operating System OS => Every computer system run on a base software called Operating System (OS). Operating System controls all basic operations of the computer (such as smartphone, PDAs, tablet computers and other handheld devices). The Operating System allows the user to install and run third party applications (apps), apps are used to add new functionality to the device.. Rear Camera Camera is able to capture photographs and usually videos, The most important characteristics of a camera are the resolution (measured in megapixels), lens focus type (fixed or automatic), higher megapixel cameras are known to capture higher quality photos, but not always a good measurement of the photos quality.. SIM SIM (Subscriber Identity Module) is a small card that contains mobile network subscriber's account information. This allows the phone using the card to attach to a mobile network. The SIM card is most commonly associated with GSM and UMTS mobile networks. Moving a SIM card from one phone to another allows a subscriber to switch mobile phones without having to contact their mobile network carrier. SIM cards can also be used by a phone to store limited amounts of data, such as phone numbers and text messages.. Wi-fi Wi-Fi is a popular wireless networking technology using radio waves to provide high-speed network connections that allows devices to communicate without cords or cables, Wi-Fi is increasingly becoming the preferred mode of internet connectivity all over the world.. GPS GPS The Global Positioning System is a satellite-based radio navigation system, GPS permits users to determine their position, velocity and the time 24 hours a day, in all weather, anywhere in the world, In order to locate your position, your device or GPS receiver must have a clear view of the sky.. NFC NFC (Near field communication) is a set of standards for smartphones and similar devices to establish peer-to-peer radio communications with each other by touching them together or bringing them into proximity, usually no more than a few inches.. Alcatel Pixi 3 (8) LTE - REVIEWS Be the first to add a Review Your Name * Your Email * Review Title * Review Text * Rate this Product Design: What do you feel about Design and build quality of this device? Display: Screen size, image quality (brightness, colors, contrast, etc), visibility in sun light, angles of view and touchscreen. Camera: Usability of Camera interface, image and video quality in different light conditions and environment. Features: What do you feel about the features of this device, is these enough for you in everyday life? Connectivity: Bluetooth, Wi-fi connectivity, data trnasfer speed, internet browsing and interfaces. Usability: What do you feel about usability and speed of UI (user interface), messaging, calling, contacts management, call history, notifications and internet browsing? Performance: Is this device perform good while watching videos, playing games, taking snapshots, browsing internet and navigate through other applications? Battery: What about battery life, while calling, listening music, watching videos, playing games and doing other tasks. Average Rating 6 / 10 based on your selection. Please post a user review only if you have / had this product.. Alcatel U50 0 Reviews View specs →. Alcatel 1X 0 Reviews View specs →. Alcatel A7 XL 0 Reviews View specs →. Alcatel Idol 5 0 Reviews View specs →. Alcatel Plus 12 0 Reviews View specs →. Alcatel Pulsemix 0 Reviews View specs →. New Arrivals LG X300 LG X Power 2 ZTE Tempo Go ZTE Blade V9 Vita (Rumored) Nokia 8 Sirocco (Rumored) Samsung Galaxy S9 Exynos (Rumored). News Review Phones Giveaway Deals Shop Forums. 
Home City Guide Gadgets Mobile Phones Biz Directory Vehicles Media Appliances Sports more…. Laptops Tablets Digital Cameras Games Tv. Mobile Packages Nokia Mobiles Samsung Mobiles Apple Mobiles LG Mobiles HTC Mobiles Huawei Mobiles QMobile Motorola Mobiles Oppo Mobiles Infinix Mobiles. Celebrities Movies Television Live TV Channels. Air Conditioners Generators Refrigerators Grocery Items Kitchen Appliances. Recipes Health Names Videos. microSD, up to 32 GB (dedicated slot). 800 x 1280 pixels (~189 ppi pixel density). IPS LCD capacitive touchscreen, 16M colors. 209 x 124.9 x 8.3 mm (8.23 x 4.92 x 0.33 in). Wi-Fi 802.11 b/g/n, Wi-Fi Direct, hotspot. SMS(threaded view), MMS, Email, Push Mail, IM. Alcatel Pixi 3 (8) LTE is a brand new mobile phone in Pakistan. The phone has an excellent outlook. It is available in different attractive colours. The size of this phone gives lavish look when held in hand. It has an extensive memory of 8Gb with expandable memory as well. The picture quality of the phone is amazing. Its large 8-inch screen makes it the best choice. Alcatel Pixi 3 (8) LTE in Pakistan is 15,000 Rs.. If you are looking for Alcatel Pixi 3 (8) LTE specs, features, pictures, and videos then you can find them here. You can also find the public opinions and buyer reviews of Alcatel Pixi 3 (8) LTE here.. There are no user reviews for this listing.. Already have an account? Log in now. You will be able to upload media right after you submit your review.. Latest Reviews No entries were found. 3G Mobile Phones 4G Mobile Phones Camera Mobile Phones Dual Sim Mobile Phones Memory Card Mobile Phones Micro Sim Mobile Phones Nano Sim Mobile Phones Single Sim Mobile Phones Wireless LAN Mobile Phones Upcoming Mobile Phones Selfie Mobile Phones Dual Core Mobile Phones Quad Core Mobile Phones Octa Core Mobile Phones 1GB RAM Mobile Phones 2GB RAM Mobile Phones 3GB RAM Mobile Phones 4GB RAM Mobile Phones. Recent Blogs Actor Sridevi Dies At Age 54 In Dubai PSL 2018 Points Table – Current Team Standings & Rankings HBL PSL 2018 Official Anthem Song ”Dil Se Jaan Laga De”. Contact Us Privacy Policy Terms of Use. Home City Guide Media Mobile Prices Mobile Packages Gadgets Appliances Vehicles Names Health Biz Directory Sports Recipes Videos. 
Danske kroner (DKK) Euro (EUR) Norsk krone (NOK) Pound (GBP) Svensk krona (SEK) USD (USD). Français Dansk Italiano English Svenska Bokmål Español Deutsch. Cart 0 Product Products (empty). To be determined Shipping. Product successfully added to your shopping cart. There are 0 items in your cart. There is 1 item in your cart.. Continue shopping Proceed to checkout. > Alcatel > Alcatel Pixi 3 (8) LTE. Delivery Legal Notice About us Secured Payment Our stores. Antitheft Backpack With USB And Audio Outputs. Antitheft Backpack With USB And Audio.... 39,95 € -50% 79,90 €. All accessories for Alcatel Pixi 3 (8) LTE at cheap prices are available, in stock and ready to be shipped.. Sort by -- Price: Lowest first Price: Highest first Product Name: A to Z Product Name: Z to A In stock Reference: Lowest first Reference: Highest first. Showing 1 - 20 of 20 items. 18,95 € In Stock. Quick Charge Fast Charger Alcatel Pixi 3... High quality fast charger for Alcatel Pixi 3 (8) LTE, cable included. Add to cart More. 18,95 € In Stock. USB Car Charger For Alcatel Pixi 3 (8) LTE In Stock. High quality USB car charger for Alcatel Pixi 3 (8) LTE, charge your device in your car when you're on the move with the QuickCharge charger.. Add to cart More. 10,95 € In Stock. USB Cable Alcatel Pixi 3 (8) LTE In Stock. High quality USB cable for Alcatel Pixi 3 (8) LTE, cable for quick charge and fast data transfer.. Add to cart More. 12,95 € In Stock. Micro USB To USB Type C Cable For Alcatel... to USB-C reversible cable for Alcatel Pixi 3 (8) LTE, compliant with European standards, this usb-c cable is of superior quality.. Add to cart More. 14,95 € In Stock. Gorilla Glass Screen Protector For Alcatel... High quality Gorilla glass screen protector for Alcatel Pixi 3 (8) LTE, shock absorbant, anti scratch, this is a must have protector for your device.. Add to cart More. 49,95 € In Stock. Extra Slim 20000mAh Portable Battery For... Very thin and light external 20000mAh portable battery for Alcatel Pixi 3 (8) LTE. Flat portable battery, convenient and easy to carry.. Add to cart More. 12,95 € In Stock. Selfie Stick For Alcatel Pixi 3 (8) LTE In Stock. High quality bluetooth selfie stick for Alcatel Pixi 3 (8) LTE, convenient, practical and good quality, can be extended up to 120cm.. Add to cart More. 14,95 € In Stock. 3 USB Car Lighter Adapter Charger For... Very powerful 7.2A 3usb car lighter charger adapter compatible with your Alcatel Pixi 3 (8) LTE, you can charge 3 tablets at the same time. Add to cart More. 16,95 € In Stock. 4.8A Double USB Charger For Alcatel Pixi 3... High quality, powerful 4.8a double usb home charger for Alcatel Pixi 3 (8) LTE, charge your devices quickly with this powerful charger. Add to cart More. 12,95 € In Stock. Magnetic ventilation car holder for Alcatel Pixi 3 (8) LTE, very small, useful and stable, this is the best car accessory for your Alcatel Pixi 3 (8) LTE.. Add to cart More. 14,95 € In Stock. Adjustable Running Belt For Alcatel Pixi 3... Excellent running belt for Alcatel Pixi 3 (8) LTE,. Add to cart More. 18,95 € In Stock. 360 Bike Mount Holder For Alcatel Pixi 3... 360 degree bike mount holder for. Alcatel Pixi 3 (8) LTE, lightweight, stable, easy and fast release system, perfect accessory for your bicycle, free shipping.. Add to cart More. 18,95 € In Stock. Waterproof Case For Alcatel Pixi 3 (8) LTE In Stock. High quality Alcatel Pixi 3 (8) LTE waterproof cover, bring your device underwater and take pictures while diving, depth 66ft. Add to cart More. 18,95 € In Stock. Earphone With Microphone For Alcatel Pixi... Very high quality earphone for Alcatel Pixi 3 (8) LTE with microphone, volume buttons pick-up button. Add to cart More. 12,95 € In Stock. Armband For Alcatel Pixi 3 (8) LTE In Stock. Excellent splashproof sport armband for Alcatel Pixi 3 (8) LTE, aesthetic, practical and good quality.. Add to cart More. 19,95 € In Stock. Intra-Auricular earphones with microphone for Alcatel Pixi 3 (8) LTE, ideal for doing sport, very convenient.. Add to cart More. 29,95 € In Stock. Headphone For Alcatel Pixi 3 (8) LTE In Stock. Headphone for Alcatel Pixi 3 (8) LTE, very high audio quality, this headphone is compatible with your Alcatel Pixi 3 (8) LTE. Add to cart More. 14,95 € In Stock. Alcatel Pixi 3 (8) LTE High Speed MicroSD... Increase the memory of your Alcatel Pixi 3 (8) LTE with this high speed memory card, micro sd available in 16gb, 32gb, 64gb, 128gb, 256gb. Add to cart More. 12,95 € In Stock. Complete Disassembly Kit For Alcatel Pixi... Complete disassembly kit for Alcatel Pixi 3 (8) LTE, screwdriver with 31 heads. Perfect kit to disassemble your Alcatel Pixi 3 (8) LTE. Add to cart More. 6,95 € In Stock. Dual Audio Jack Splitter Adapter For... Gold plated dual stereo audio jack splitter for. Alcatel Pixi 3 (8) LTE, plug two sets of earphones with one port only.. Add to cart More. Showing 1 - 20 of 20 items. Facebook Twitter RSS Youtube Google Plus Pinterest Vimeo Instagram Follow us Categories Information New products Best sellers Contact us Delivery Legal Notice About us Secured Payment Articles If you have any question do not hesitate to contact us: contact@jagek.com My account. Acer Acer Iconia A1-830 Acer Iconia One 7 B1-750 Acer Iconia Talk S Acer Jade Primo Acer Liquid E600 Acer Liquid Jade Acer Liquid Jade 2 Acer Liquid Jade Z Acer Liquid M220 Acer Liquid M320 Acer Liquid X1 Acer Liquid X2 Acer Liquid Z5 Acer Liquid Z6 Acer Liquid Z6 Plus Acer Liquid Z6E Acer Liquid Z200 Acer Liquid Z320 Acer Liquid Z410 Acer Liquid Z500 Acer Liquid Z520 Acer Liquid Z530S Acer Liquid Z630 Acer Liquid Z630S Acer Liquid Zest Acer Liquid Zest Plus Acer Z330 Acer Z530 Alcatel Alcatel A3 Alcatel A3 XL Alcatel A5 LED Alcatel A7 Alcatel A7 XL Alcatel Fierce 4 Alcatel Fierce XL Alcatel Flash (2017) Alcatel Flash Plus 2 Alcatel Idol 4 Alcatel Idol 4s Alcatel Idol 5 Alcatel Idol 5s Alcatel Idol 5s USA Alcatel One Touch Fierce 2 Alcatel One Touch Flash 2 Alcatel One Touch Go Play Alcatel One Touch Idol 2 Mini Alcatel One Touch Idol 2 Mini S Alcatel One Touch Idol 2S Alcatel One Touch Idol 3 4.7 Alcatel One Touch Idol 3 5.5 Alcatel One Touch Pixi 2 Alcatel One Touch Pixi 2 4.5 Alcatel One Touch Pixi 3 4 Alcatel One Touch Pixi 8 Alcatel OneTouch Pop 2 4.5 Alcatel OneTouch Pop 3 5 Alcatel One Touch Pop 3 5.5 Alcatel One Touch Pop 7 Alcatel One Touch Pop 8 Alcatel One Touch Pop C2 Alcatel One Touch Pop D1 Alcatel One Touch Pop D3 Alcatel One Touch Pop D5 Alcatel One Touch Pop Icon Alcatel Pixi 3 (7) Alcatel Pixi 3 (8) LTE Alcatel Pixi 4 (3.5) Alcatel Pixi 4 (4) Alcatel Pixi 4 (6) Alcatel Pixi 4 Plus Power Alcatel Pixi 4-5 Alcatel Pop 4 Alcatel Pop 4S Alcatel Pop 7 LTE Alcatel Pop Star LTE Alcatel Pulsemix Alcatel Shine Lite Alcatel U5 Alcatel U5 HD Alcatel X1 Altice Altice Staraddict 6 Altice Starxtrem 6 Amazon Amazon Fire Phone Apple iPad Pro 9.7 iPad Pro 12.9 iPhone 5 iPhone 5c iPhone 5s iPhone 6 iPhone 6 Plus iPhone 6s iPhone 6s plus iPhone 7 iPhone 7 Plus iPhone 8 iPhone 8 Plus iPhone X Archos Archos 35 Titanum Archos 40 Cesium Archos 40 Power Archos 40d Titanium Archos 45 Helium 4G Archos 45 Neon Archos 45b Helium 4g Archos 45b Neon Archos 50 Cobalt Archos 50 Diamond Archos 50 Helium 4G Archos 50 Helium Plus Archos 50 Oxygen Archos 50 Oxygen Plus Archos 50 Platinum Archos 50 Platinum 4G Archos 50 Power Archos 50 Saphir Archos 50b Helium 4G Archos 50b Neon Archos 50B Oxygen Archos 50c Helium 4G Archos 50d Helium 4G Archos 50e Helium Archos 50e Neon Archos 50f Helium Archos 50F Neon Archos 52 Platinum Archos 55 Cobalt Plus Archos 55 Diamond Selfie Archos 55 Graphite Archos 55 Helium 4 Seasons Archos 55 Helium Plus Archos 55 Helium Ultra Archos 55b Cobalt Archos 55b Cobalt Lite Archos 55b Platinum Archos 59 Xenon Archos 60 Platinum Archos 62 Xenon Archos 64 Xenon Archos 70b Xenon Archos 101 Saphir Archos 101b Oxygen Archos 101c Helium Archos 101c Xenon Archos Access 40 3G Archos Access 45 4G Archos Core 55 4G Archos Diamond 2 Plus Archos Diamond Alpha Archos Diamond Gamma Archos Diamond Omega Archos Diamond Plus Archos Diamond S Archos F28 Archos Sense 50DC Archos Sense 47X Archos Sense 50X Archos Sense 55DC Archos Sense 55S Asus Asus Fonepad 7 FE375CXG ASUS Fonepad 7 ME372CG Asus Live G500TG Asus ZenFone 2 (ZE550ML) Asus ZenFone 2 (ZE551ML) Asus Zenfone 2 Laser ZE500KL Asus Zenfone 2 Laser ZE550KL Asus Zenfone 2 Laser ZE551KL Asus Zenfone 2 Laser ZE600KL Asus Zenfone 2 ZE500CL Asus Zenfone 2E Asus Zenfone 3 Deluxe 5.5 ZS550KL Asus Zenfone 3 Deluxe ZS570KL Asus Zenfone 3 Laser ZC551KL Asus Zenfone 3 Max ZC520TL Asus Zenfone 3 Max ZC553KL Asus Zenfone 3 Ultra ZU680KL Asus Zenfone 3 ZE520KL Asus Zenfone 3 ZE552KL Asus Zenfone 3 Zoom ZE553KL Asus ZenFone 3s Max (ZC521TL) Asus Zenfone 4 Max ZC520KL Asus Zenfone 4 Max ZC554KL Asus Zenfone 4 Max Plus ZC554KL Asus Zenfone 4 Max Pro ZC554KL Asus Zenfone 4 Pro ZS551KL Asus Zenfone 4 Selfie ZD553KL Asus Zenfone 4 Selfie Pro ZD552KL Asus Zenfone 4 ZE554KL Asus Zenfone 5 A502CG Asus Zenfone AR ZS571KL Asus ZenFone C (ZC451CG) Asus Zenfone Go T500 Asus Zenfone Go ZB450KL Asus Zenfone Go ZB452KG Asus Zenfone Go ZB500KL Asus Zenfone Go ZB551KL Asus Zenfone Go ZB552KL Asus Zenfone Go ZB690KG Asus Zenfone Go ZC451TG Asus Zenfone Go ZC500TG Asus Zenfone Max Plus M1 Asus Zenfone Max ZC550KL (2016) Asus Zenfone Pegasus 3 Asus Zenfone Pegasus 3s Asus Zenfone Selfie ZD551KL Asus ZenFone Zoom Asus Zenfone Zoom ZX550 Asus Zenfone Zoom ZX551ML Asus Zenpad 3 8.0 Z581KL Asus Zenpad 3S 10 Z500M Asus ZenPad 8.0 Z380KL Asus ZenPad C 7.0 Asus Zenpad Z8s ZT582KL Asus Zenpad Z10 ZT500KL BlackBerry BlackBerry Aurora BlackBerry Classic BlackBerry DTEK50 BlackBerry DTEK60 Blackberry KeyOne BlackBerry Leap BlackBerry Mercury Blackberry Motion BlackBerry Neon Blackberry Passport BlackBerry Priv BlackBerry Z3 BLU BLU Energy XL BLU Life One X BLU Vivo Air LTE BLU Win HD LTE BQ Aquaris BQ Aquaris E5 BQ Aquaris M4.5 BQ Aquaris M5 BQ Aquaris M5.5 BQ Aquaris U Plus BQ Aquaris X5 BQ Aquaris X5 Plus Coolpad Coolpad Cool M7 Coolpad Cool Play 6 Coolpad Cool S1 Coolpad Mega Coolpad Mega 3 Coolpad Modena 2 Coolpad Note 3 Coolpad Note 3 Lite Coolpad Note 3s Coolpad Note 5 Coolpad Torino Coolpad Torino S Cubot Cubot Dinosaur Cubot Echo Cubot Manito Cubot Max Cubot Note Plus Cubot P9 Cubot S350 Cubot X15 Cubot X16 Cubot X16s Cubot X17 Essential Essential PH-1 Gionee Gionee A1 Gionee A1 Plus Gionee Elife S5.1 Gionee Elife S6 Gionee M7 Power Gionee M2017 Gionee Marathon M5 Gionee Marathon M5 Lite Gionee Marathon M5 Mini Gionee Marathon M6 Gionee Marathon M6 Plus Gionee S8 Google Google Pixel Google Pixel 2 Google Pixel 2 XL Google Pixel XL HTC HTC 10 HTC 10 Evo HTC Butterfly 2 HTC Butterfly 3 HTC Desire 320 HTC Desire 510 HTC Desire 516 HTC Desire 526G Plus HTC Desire 530 HTC Desire 530 Remix HTC Desire 620 HTC Desire 620 dual sim HTC Desire 620G dual sim HTC Desire 626 HTC Desire 628 HTC Desire 630 HTC Desire 650 HTC Desire 728 dual sim HTC Desire 816G HTC Desire 820 HTC Desire 825 HTC Desire 826 HTC Desire 828 Dual SIM HTC Desire 830 HTC Desire Eye HTC Nexus 9 HTC One A9 HTC One E9 Plus HTC One M8 HTC One M8 Eye HTC One M9 HTC One M9 Prime Camera HTC One M9s HTC One M10 HTC One S9 HTC One X9 HTC One X10 HTC U Play HTC U Ultra HTC U11 HTC U11 Eyes HTC U11 Life HTC U11 Plus Huawei Huawei Ascend G7 Huawei Ascend G620s Huawei Ascend GX1 Huawei Ascend Mate 7 Huawei Ascend Y540 Huawei Ascend Y600 Huawei Enjoy 5 Huawei Enjoy 5s Huawei Enjoy 6 Huawei Enjoy 6s Huawei Enjoy 7 Plus Huawei G7 Plus Huawei G8 Huawei GR3 Huawei GR5 Huawei Honor 4A Huawei Honor 4c Huawei Honor 4x Huawei Honor 5c Huawei Honor 5x Huawei Honor 6 Huawei Honor 6 Plus Huawei Honor 6A Huawei Honor 6C Pro Huawei Honor 6X Huawei Honor 6X Pro Huawei Honor 7 Huawei Honor 7i Huawei Honor 7X Huawei Honor 8 Huawei Honor 8 Pro Huawei Honor 9 Huawei Honor 9 Lite Huawei Honor Bee Huawei Honor Holly Huawei Honor Holly 2 Plus Huawei Honor Magic Huawei Honor Note 8 Huawei Honor V8 Max Huawei Honor V9 Huawei Honor V9 Play Huawei Honor View 10 Huawei Honor X2 Huawei Maimang 5 Huawei Mate 8 Huawei Mate 9 Huawei Mate 9 Lite Huawei Mate 9 Porsche Design Huawei Mate 9 Pro Huawei Mate 10 Huawei Mate 10 Lite Huawei Mate 10 Porsche Design Huawei Mate 10 Pro Huawei Mate S Huawei MediaPad T3 8.0 Huawei MediaPad X2 Huawei Nexus 6P Huawei Nova Huawei Nova 2 Huawei Nova 2i Huawei Nova 2 Plus Huawei Nova 2s Huawei Nova Plus Huawei P8 Huawei P8 Lite Huawei P8 Lite (2017) Huawei P8 Max Huawei P9 Huawei P9 Lite Huawei P9 Plus Huawei P10 Huawei P10 Lite Huawei P10 Plus Huawei P Smart Huawei Shot X Huawei Y3 Huawei Y3 (2017) Huawei Y3II Huawei Y5 Huawei Y5II Huawei Y5 (2017) Huawei Y6II Compact Huawei Y6 2017 Huawei Y7 Huawei Y7 Prime Huawei Y635 Leagoo Leagoo T1 Plus Leagoo T5 LeEco LeEco Le S3 LeEco Le 2 LeEco Le 2 Pro LeEco Le Max 2 LeEco Le Pro 3 AI Edition LeEco Le Pro3 LeEco Le Pro3 Elite Lenovo Lenovo A Plus Lenovo A616 Lenovo A816 4G Lenovo A6000 Lenovo A6000 Plus Lenovo A6600 Lenovo A6600 Plus Lenovo A7000 Lenovo A7000 Turbo Lenovo B Lenovo K3 Note Lenovo K5 Lenovo K5 Note Lenovo K5 Plus Lenovo K6 Lenovo K6 Power Lenovo K8 Note Lenovo K8 Plus Lenovo K80m Lenovo Lemon K3 Lenovo P2 Lenovo P780 Lenovo Phab Plus Lenovo Phab 2 Plus Lenovo S856 Lenovo Sisley S90 Lenovo Tab 3 8 Lenovo Tab 3 8 Plus Lenovo Vibe C Lenovo Vibe C2 Lenovo Vibe P1 Turbo Lenovo Vibe Shot Lenovo Vibe X2 Lenovo Vibe X3 Lite Lenovo Vibe Z2 Pro Lenovo ZUK Edge Lenovo ZUK Z2 Lenovo ZUK Z2 Pro LG LG Aristo 2 LG Bello II LG Class LG Class 4G LG F60 LG G Pad 8.3 LG G Pad III 10.1 FHD LG G Pad X 8.0 LG G Pro Lite Dual LG G Stylo LG G Vista LG G2 Lite LG G3 Stylus LG G4 LG G4 Stylus LG G5 LG G5 SE LG G6 LG G Pad IV 8.0 FHD LG K3 LG K4 LG K4 (2017) LG K5 LG K7 LG K7 (2017) LG K8 LG K8 (2017) LG K10 LG K10 (2017) LG L Bello LG L Fino LG L Prime LG L60 LG L60 Dual LG Lancet LG Leon LG Magna LG Nexus 5x LG Q6 LG Q8 LG Ray LG Spirit LG Stylo 2 LG Stylus 2 LG Stylus 2 Plus LG Tribute LG V10 LG V20 LG V30 LG X5 LG X Cam LG X Mach LG X Max LG X Power LG X Power 2 LG X Screen LG X Skin LG X Style LG X Venture Meizu Meizu E2 Meizu M1 Metal Meizu M1 Note Meizu M2 Note Meizu M3 Meizu M3 Max Meizu M3 Note Meizu M3e Meizu M5 Meizu M5s Meizu M6 Note Meizu M6s Meizu MX3 Meizu MX4 Meizu MX4 Pro Meizu MX5 Meizu MX6 Meizu Pro 6 Meizu Pro 6 Plus Meizu Pro 7 Meizu Pro 7 Plus Microsoft Microsoft Lumia 430 Dual SIM Microsoft Lumia 435 Microsoft Lumia 532 Microsoft Lumia 535 Microsoft Lumia 540 Microsoft Lumia 550 Microsoft Lumia 640 LTE Microsoft Lumia 640 XL LTE Microsoft Lumia 650 Microsoft Surface 3 10 Microsoft Surface Pro 3 Microsoft Surface Pro 4 Motorola Motorola Droid Turbo Motorola Moto C Motorola Moto C Plus Motorola Moto E (3rd gen) Motorola Moto E3 Motorola Moto E3 Power Motorola Moto E4 Motorola Moto E4 Plus Motorola Moto G (3rd gen) Motorola Moto G 4G Motorola Moto G4 Motorola Moto G4 Play Motorola Moto G4 Plus Motorola Moto G5 Motorola Moto G5 Plus Motorola Moto G5S Motorola Moto G5S Plus Motorola Moto M Motorola Moto X4 Motorola Moto X Force Motorola Moto Z Motorola Moto Z Force Motorola Moto Z2 Force Motorola Moto Z Play Motorola Moto Z2 Play Motorola Nexus 6 Motorola X Play Motorola X Pure Edition Motorola X Style Nokia Nokia 2 Nokia 3 Nokia 5 Nokia 6 Nokia 6 2018 Nokia 7 Nokia 8 Nokia Lumia 730 Nokia Lumia 730 Dual SIM Nokia N1 Nokia N8 OnePlus OnePlus 3 OnePlus 3T OnePlus 5 OnePlus 5T OnePlus Two OnePlus X Oppo Oppo A33 Oppo A37 Oppo A57 Oppo A59 Oppo A71 2018 Oppo A77 Oppo F1 Oppo F1 Plus Oppo F1s Oppo F3 Oppo F3 Plus Oppo F5 Oppo R7 Oppo R7 Plus Oppo R7s Oppo R9 Plus Oppo R9s Oppo R9s Plus Oppo R11 Oppo R11 Plus Oppo R11s Oppo R11s Plus Orange Orange Dive 71 Orange Dive 72 Orange Gova Orange Neva 80 Orange Nura Orange Nura 2 Orange Reyo Orange Rise Orange Rise 31 Orange Rise 52 Orange Rono Orange Roya Orange SoshPhone 3 Panasonic Panasonic P55 Max Razer Razer Phone Samsung Samsung Galaxy A3 Samsung A3 (2016) Samsung Galaxy A3 (2017) Samsung Galaxy A5 Samsung Galaxy A5 (2016) Samsung Galaxy A5 (2017) Samsung Galaxy A7 Samsung Galaxy A7 (2016) Samsung Galaxy A7 (2017) Samsung Galaxy A8 Samsung Galaxy A8 (2016) Samsung Galaxy A8 2018 Samsung Galaxy A8 Plus 2018 Samsung Galaxy A9 Samsung Galaxy A9 (2016) Samsung Galaxy C5 Samsung Galaxy C5 Pro Samsung Galaxy C7 (2017) Samsung Galaxy C7 Pro Samsung Galaxy C9 Pro Samsung Galaxy E5 Samsung Galaxy E7 Samsung Galaxy Grand Max Samsung Galaxy Grand Neo Plus Samsung Galaxy Grand Plus Samsung Galaxy Grand Prime Samsung Galaxy Grand Prime Plus Samsung Galaxy J Max Samsung Galaxy J1 Samsung Galaxy J1 (2016) Samsung Galaxy J1 Mini Prime Samsung Galaxy J2 Samsung Galaxy J2 (2016) Samsung Galaxy J2 2017 Samsung Galaxy J2 Prime Samsung Galaxy J2 Pro (2016) Samsung Galaxy J2 Pro 2018 Samsung Galaxy J3 Samsung Galaxy J3 (2016) Samsung Galaxy J3 (2017) Samsung Galaxy J3 Emerge Samsung Galaxy J3 Pro Samsung Galaxy J5 Samsung Galaxy J5 (2016) Samsung Galaxy J5 (2017) Samsung Galaxy J5 Prime Samsung Galaxy J7 (2016) Samsung Galaxy J7 (2017) Samsung Galaxy J7 Max Samsung Galaxy J7 Prime Samsung Galaxy J7 Pro Samsung Galaxy J7 V Samsung Galaxy Note 7 Samsung Galaxy Note 8 Samsung Galaxy Note Fan Edition Samsung Galaxy On5 Samsung Galaxy On5 Pro Samsung Galaxy On7 Samsung Galaxy On7 (2016) Samsung Galaxy On7 Pro Samsung Galaxy On8 Samsung Galaxy S6 Samsung Galaxy S6 Edge Samsung Galaxy S6 Edge Plus Samsung Galaxy S7 Samsung Galaxy S7 Active Samsung Galaxy S7 Edge Samsung Galaxy S8 Samsung Galaxy S8 Active Samsung Galaxy S8 Plus Samsung Galaxy Tab 4 Active Samsung Galaxy Tab A 8.0 (2017) Samsung Galaxy Tab Active 2 Samsung Galaxy Tab Pro 8.4 Samsung Galaxy Tab S2 8 Samsung Galaxy Tab S2 9.7 Samsung Galaxy Tab S3 9.7 Samsung Galaxy Xcover 4 Samsung Z2 Samsung Z3 Samsung Z3 Corporate Edition Samsung Z4 Sharp Sharp Aquos S2 Sony Sony Xperia C4 Sony Xperia C5 Ultra Sony Xperia E3 Sony Xperia E4 Sony Xperia E4g Dual Sony Xperia E5 Sony Xperia L1 Sony Xperia L2 Sony Xperia M2 Aqua Sony Xperia M4 Aqua Sony Xperia M4 Aqua Dual Sony Xperia M5 Sony Xperia M5 Dual Sony Xperia R1 Plus Sony Xperia T3 Sony Xperia X Sony Xperia X Compact Sony Xperia XA Sony Xperia XA Dual Sony Xperia XA Ultra Sony Xperia XA1 Sony Xperia XA1 Plus Sony Xperia XA1 Ultra Sony Xperia XA2 Sony Xperia XA2 Ultra Sony Xperia XZ Sony Xperia XZ1 Sony Xperia XZ1 Compact Sony Xperia XZ Premium Sony Xperia XZs Sony Xperia Z3 Compact Sony Xperia Z3 Plus Sony Xperia Z3v Sony Xperia Z5 Sony Xperia Z5 Compact Sony Xperia Z5 Premium Vivo Vivo V3 Vivo V3 Max Vivo V5 Vivo V5 Lite Vivo V5 Plus Vivo V5s Vivo V7 Plus Vivo X7 Vivo X7 Plus Vivo X9 Vivo X9 Plus Vivo X9s Vivo X9s Plus Vivo X20 Vivo X20 Plus Vivo Xplay 6 Vivo Y25 Vivo Y55s Vivo Y67 Vivo Y69 Vodafone Vodafone Smart 4 Mini Vodafone Smart N8 Vodafone Smart Platinum 7 Vodafone Smart Prime 7 Vodafone Smart Speed 6 Vodafone Smart Tab 4 Vodafone Smart Tab 4G Vodafone Smart Ultra 6 Vodafone Smart Ultra 7 Wiko Wiko Birdy 4G Wiko Fever 4G Wiko Harry Wiko Highway 4G Wiko Highway Pure Wiko Highway Signs Wiko Highway Star 4G Wiko Jerry Wiko Jerry Max Wiko Jimmy Wiko K-Kool Wiko Lenny 3 Wiko Lenny 3 Max (2017) Wiko Lenny 4 Wiko Lenny 4 Plus Wiko Pulp 4G Wiko Pulp Fab 4G Wiko Rainbow 4G Wiko Rainbow Jam Wiko Rainbow Jam 4G Wiko Rainbow Lite Wiko Rainbow Up Wiko Rainbow Up 4G Wiko Ridge 4G Wiko Ridge Fab 4G Wiko Robby Wiko Selfy Wiko Selfy 4G Rubby Wiko Slide Wiko Sunny Wiko Sunny 2 Wiko Sunny 2 Plus Wiko Sunset 2 Wiko Tommy Wiko Tommy 2 Wiko Tommy 2 Plus Wiko U Feel Wiko U Feel Go Wiko U Feel Lite Wiko UPulse Wiko UPulse Lite Wiko View Wiko View Prime Wiko View XL Wiko Wim Wiko Wim Lite Wileyfox Wileyfox Spark Wileyfox Spark X Wileyfox Swift 2 Wileyfox Swift 2 Plus Wileyfox Swift 2 X Xiaomi Xiaomi Mi 4c Xiaomi Mi 4s Xiaomi Mi 5 Xiaomi Mi 5c Xiaomi Mi 5s Xiaomi Mi 5X Xiaomi Mi 6 Xiaomi Mi A1 (5X) Xiaomi Mi Max Xiaomi Mi Max 2 Xiaomi Mi Mix Xiaomi Mi Mix 2 Xiaomi Mi Note Xiaomi Mi Note 3 Xiaomi Mi Note Pro Xiaomi Mi Pad 3 Xiaomi Redmi 2 Xiaomi Redmi 3s Xiaomi Redmi 3s Prime Xiaomi Redmi 3x Xiaomi Redmi 4 (4X) Xiaomi Redmi 4 Prime Xiaomi Redmi 5 Xiaomi Redmi 5a Xiaomi Redmi 5 Plus Xiaomi Redmi Note Xiaomi Redmi Note 3 Xiaomi Redmi Note 4 Xiaomi Redmi Note 5 Xiaomi Redmi Note 5 Pro Xiaomi Redmi Note 5A Xiaomi Redmi Note 5A Prime Xiaomi Redmi Pro Xiaomi Redmi Y1 Xiaomi Redmi Y1 Lite Xiaomi Umi Touch Xiaomi Wileyfox Swift ZTE ZTE Avid Plus ZTE Axon ZTE Axon 7 ZTE Axon 7 Max ZTE Axon 7 mini ZTE Axon 7s ZTE Axon Elite ZTE Axon M ZTE Axon Max ZTE Blade A2 Plus ZTE Blade A452 ZTE Blade A512 ZTE Blade A520 ZTE Blade A601 ZTE Blade A610 ZTE Blade Force ZTE Blade V Plus ZTE Blade V6 ZTE Blade V7 ZTE Blade V7 Lite ZTE Blade V7 Max ZTE Blade V7 Plus ZTE Blade V8 ZTE Blade V8 Lite ZTE Blade V8 Mini ZTE Blade V8 Pro ZTE Blade Z Max ZTE Grand X 3 ZTE Grand X 4 ZTE Grand X Max 2 ZTE Grand X View 2 ZTE Nubia M2 Play ZTE Nubia My Prague ZTE Nubia N1 ZTE Nubia N1 Lite ZTE Nubia N2 ZTE Nubia Z9 ZTE Nubia Z9 Max ZTE Nubia Z9 Mini ZTE Nubia Z11 Max ZTE Nubia Z11 Mini ZTE Nubia Z11 Mini S ZTE Nubia Z17 ZTE Nubia Z17S ZTE Nubia Z17 Lite ZTE Nubia Z17 Mini ZTE Nubia Z17 Mini S ZTE Tempo X ZTE Warp 7 ZTE Zmax ZTE Zmax Pro ZTE Blade A6 ZenAttitude. My orders My credit slips My addresses My personal info. Store Information JAGEK Email: contact@jagek.com. 
Home All Brands Top 10 Mobile Phones Latest News Latest Mobiles Phones Upcoming Mobiles Phones Model Finder Technology Blog. Alcatel Pixi 3 (8) LTE Full Specifications. Alcatel Pixi 3 (8) LTE (Full Device Specifications) Also Known as Alcatel One Touch Pixi 3 (8) 4G Tablet.. » Specifications » 360° View » Pictures » Photo Quality. Alcatel Pixi 3 (8) LTE Officially Announced :. White , Gold , Gray Price : --- 8.1 out of 10. : ( 41 Ratings). Alcatel Pixi 3 (8) LTE Release March 2016, weight 370g, 8” IPS LCD Capacitive TouchScreen , 5.0 MP Camera, Bluetooth 4.1,Wi-Fi Price in February 2018. GSM 850 , GSM 900 , GSM 1800 , GSM 1900 GSM 3G Bands :. HSDPA 850 , HSDPA 900 , HSDPA 1900 , HSDPA 2100 GSM 4G Bands :. LTE 2100 , LTE 800 , LTE 1800 , LTE 2600 , LTE 900 Operating System :. Qualcomm Snapdragon 210 , MSM8909 Processor :. Quad Core Processor Processor Speed :. 1 GB Memory Card Slot :. 210 x 123 x 8 mm , Exactly 209 x 124.9 x 8.3 mm Weight :. Accelerometer , G-Sensor Torch Light :. Volume , Power Device Security :. Device Password Lock , Slide Lock , PIN code Lock. IPS LCD Capacitive TouchScreen Display Colors :. 16M Colors Pixel density range :. 125 to 200 ppi , (~189 ppi Pixel Density) Screen Resolution :. 1280 x 800 pixels (WXGA) Display Size :. 8 Inch Screen To Body Ratio :. 71 to 80 Percent , (~71.1% screen-to-body-ratio) Multi Touch Support :. Unlimited Ringtone or Alert Type :. Vibration , MP3 ringtones , WAV. 5.0 MP , 2592 x 1944 Pixels Camera Flash LED :. 2.0 MP Front Camera Flash :. With 1080p 3G or Video Call :. Autofocus , Touch focus , Self timer , Face Detection , Smile detection , HDR , Face Beauty. WAV , AAC+ , OGG , FLAC , MIDI , WMA , MP3 , AMR , AAC , eAAC+ Video Format :. 3GP , MP4 , FLV , xVID , AVI , DivX , MKV , H.264 , H.263 3.5mm Headphone Jack :. LTE 50 Mbps , HSPA plus , LTE CAT4 150 Mbps DL Browser Name :. HTML , HTML5 WiFi Support :. Wi-Fi 802.11 b/g/n , WiFi Direct Hot Spot :. microUSB 2.0 NFC (Near Field Communication) :. Calculator , To-do list , World clock , OneNote , Microsoft Apps Java Support :. SMS , MMS , Email , Push Mail , IM , Hangouts GPS Tracking :. Li-Ion 4060 mAh Quick Charge :. 280 Hrs , Unofficial Talk Time :. 7 Hrs , Unofficial Music Playback :. Up to 24 Hrs Video Playback :. Single Sim Card Slot With Voice Call Support Social Networking Services And Apps Pattern Finish Back Cover Voice Assistant. Alcatel One Touch Pixi 3 (8) 4G Tablet Battery 4060 mAh Charger USB Data Cable User Manual Warranty Card. » Full Specifications » User Opinions & Review » Compare » Pictures » 360° View » Related Phones » Review » Related News » User Manual » Photo Quality » Video Quality Tweet Popularity and Rating Rate this Mobile Phone Design. 0 1 2 3 4 5 Features. 0 1 2 3 4 5 Performance. 0 1 2 3 4 5. Categories » 4G VoLTE Mobiles » Apple iOS Mobiles » Android 4G » Dual Camera Phone » Dual Sim Mobiles » Android Smartphone » Dual OS Smartphone » Android Dual Sim » Android One » Android CDMA » Tablet » Android Tablet » Windows 4G » Windows Mobiles » Windows Tablet » Smartphone » CDMA Phone » GSM & CDMA Phone » Dual OS Tablets » Dual SIM Qwerty » Ubuntu Tablet » Ubuntu Mobiles » Basic Dual Sim » Basic Phone » Qwerty Phones » Touch & Type » Triple Sim Mobile » Slide phones » Android Camera Top Brands » Samsung » Apple » Nokia » Google » Lenovo » Motorola » BlackBerry » Huawei » HTC » Alcatel » OnePlus » LG » Asus » Xiaomi » ZTE » Micromax » Oppo » Karbonn » Vivo » Acer » Intex » BLU » Gionee » Vodafone » Lava » All Brands. LG V30S+ ThinQ LG V30S ThinQ ZTE Blade V9 Vita Nokia 7 Plus Nokia 8 Sirocco Nokia 1 Samsung Galaxy S9+ SM-G965 Samsung Galaxy S9 SM-G960. LG V30S+ ThinQ LG V30S ThinQ ZTE Blade V9 Vita Nokia 7 Plus. Alcatel Pixi 3 (8) LTE Announced February 2018, weight 158g, 6” OLED Capacitive Touch Screen, 16 MP Camera, Bluetooth 5.0,Wi-Fi Price in February 2018 View Full Specifications | Unboxing Pictures | Manual Download | 360 View. Alcatel Pixi 3 (8) LTE Announced February 2018, weight 158g, 6” OLED Capacitive Touch Screen, 16 MP Camera, Bluetooth 5.0,Wi-Fi Price in February 2018 View Full Specifications | Unboxing Pictures | Manual Download | 360 View. Alcatel Pixi 3 (8) LTE Announced February 2018, weight 145g, 5.45” IPS LCD Capacitive TouchScreen, 13 MP Camera, Bluetooth 4.1,Wi-Fi Price in February 2018 View Full Specifications | Unboxing Pictures | Manual Download | 360 View. Alcatel Pixi 3 (8) LTE Announced February 2018, weight 155g, 6” IPS LCD Capacitive TouchScreen, 12 MP Camera, Bluetooth 5.0,Wi-Fi Price in February 2018 View Full Specifications | Unboxing Pictures | Manual Download | 360 View. Home | Privacy Policy. 
GSM 850 / 900 / 1800 / 1900. LTE band 1(2100), 3(1800), 7(2600), 8(900), 20(800). 209 x 124.9 x 8.3 mm (8.23 x 4.92 x 0.33 in). IPS LCD capacitive touchscreen, 16M colors. 800 x 1280 pixels, 189 ppi. microSD, up to 32 GB (dedicated slot). Wi-Fi 802.11 b/g/n, Wi-Fi Direct, hotspot. MP3/AAC/WAV player , MP4/H.264 player , Document viewer , Photo/video editor. Disclaimer: Latest and New Mobiles, Smartphones and Cell Phones Price List / Prices are updated regularly from New Zealand's Local Mobile Phone market. We are trying to provided best possible Mobile Phone prices in New Zealand and detailed Specifications, but we cannot guarantee all information's are 100% correct. The latest launched Cell Phones are priced on the basis of international offerings without including shipment costs and taxes.. © Copyrights by CMobilePrice 2017. 
You may compare phones just by entering nexus s vs iphone 4 OR desire vs wildfire vs desire hd in the search input. Home > Phones > Alcatel > Pixi 3 (8) LTE. Add Alcatel Pixi 3 (8) LTE to comparison. N/A (Not rated yet). MP3, AAC, WAV. MP4, H.264. Added on 08/12/2016 , last updated 08/12/2016. Please contact us in case you spot any incorrect details of Alcatel Pixi 3 (8) LTE.. N/A (Not rated yet). N/A (Not rated yet). N/A (Not rated yet). N/A (Not rated yet). 8.0 (based on 2 votes). 6.0 (based on 2 votes). 8.0 (based on 1 vote). 4.0 (based on 3 votes). 8.0 (based on 4 votes). 8.0 (based on 4 votes). 
GSM 850 / 900 / 1800 / 1900. LTE band 1(2100), 3(1800), 7(2600), 8(900), 20(800). 209 x 124.9 x 8.3 mm (8.23 x 4.92 x 0.33 in). IPS LCD capacitive touchscreen, 16M colors. 800 x 1280 pixels, 189 ppi. microSD, up to 32 GB (dedicated slot). Wi-Fi 802.11 b/g/n, Wi-Fi Direct, hotspot. MP3/AAC/WAV player , MP4/H.264 player , Document viewer , Photo/video editor. Disclaimer: Latest and New Mobiles, Smartphones and Cell Phones Price List / Prices are updated regularly from USA's Local Mobile Phone market. We are trying to provided best possible Mobile Phone prices in USA and detailed Specifications, but we cannot guarantee all information's are 100% correct. The latest launched Cell Phones are priced on the basis of international offerings without including shipment costs and taxes.. © Copyrights by CMobilePrice 2017. 
Lg G Pad II 8.3 Lte. Lg G Pad II 10.1 Lte. Lg G Pad II 8.0 Lte. Lenovo Yoga Tab 4 10 Plus. Aggiornamento Lollipop 5.1.1 Nexus 4 e 5. Microsoft Lumia 950 XL Dual Sim. Alcatel One Touch Pixi First 3 (10). Alcatel One Touch Pop Star 4G LTE. SMARTPHONE BLOCCATO SU MESSAGGIO "QUESTO DISPOSITIVO È STATO REIMPOSTATO. PER PROSEGUIRE, ACCEDI A UN ACCOUNT GOOGLE GIÀ SINCRONIZZATO CON IL DISPOSITIVO". Il telefono che avete davanti è per caso stato rubato ? Certamente no, almeno si spera. Allora perchè quando si ripristina il suo sistema .... SMARTPHONE ASUS ZENFONE LIVE ZB501KL - RECENSIONE CARATTERISTICHE PREZZO. Ecco un telefono davvero economico ma comunque della serie Zenfone della Asus. presentato a Febbraio 2017 ma in uscita a Marzo 2017. SMARTPHONE HUAWEI Y5 II - RECENSIONE CARATTERISTICHE PREZZO. La Huawei non pensa a fare soltanto smartphone di alto livello ma pensa anche agli utenti che vogliono spendere poco o comunque non posson.... COME RISOLVERE IL PROBLEMA DELLA MEMORIA INSUFFICIENTE SU SMARTPHONE. "Ma come posso sistemare il problema della memoria Ram che non basta mai sul mio smartphone Samsung, LG, Sony, Zte, Huawei, Alcatel A.... SMARTPHONE HUAWEI Y7 PRIME - RECENSIONE CARATTERISTICHE PREZZO. Bene siamo qui a parlare di un altro smartphone Huawei intressante sia per quanto concerne il suo hardware che per quanto riguarda la sua .... SMARTPHONE MEIZU MX4 PRO - RECENSIONE CARATTERISTI... SMARTPHONE SAMSUNG GALAXY S7 EDGE - RECENSIONE CAR... SMARTPHONE SAMSUNG GALAXY S7 - RECENSIONE CARATTER... SMARTPHONE MEIZU M2 NOTE - RECENSIONE CARATTERISTI... SMARTPHONE LENOVO K5 NOTE - RECENSIONE CARATTERIST... SMARTPHONE HUAWEI HONOR HOLLY 2 PLUS - RECENSIONE ... TABLET SAMSUNG GALAXY TAB E 8.0 - RECENSIONE CARAT... SMARTPHONE MEIZU MX5 - RECENSIONE CARATTERISTICHE ... SMARTPHONE MEIZU PRO 5 - RECENSIONE CARATTERISTICH... SMARTPHONE MEIZU M1 METAL - RECENSIONE CARATTERIST... SMARTPHONE ZTE NUBIA PRAGUE S - RECENSIONE CARATTE... SMARTPHONE ZTE GRAND X3 - RECENSIONE CARATTERISTIC... SMARTPHONE ZTE AVID PLUS - RECENSIONE CARATTERISTI... SMARTPHONE ALCATEL FIERCE XL (WINDOWS) - RECENSION... SMARTPHONE ASUS LIVE G500TG - RECENSIONE CARATTERI... SMARTPHONE SAMSUNG GALAXY J1 (2016) - RECENSIONE C... SMARTPHONE LENOVO LEMON 3 - RECENSIONE CARATTERIST... SMARTPHONE MEIZU M2 - RECENSIONE CARATTERISTICHE P... TABLET ALCATEL PIXI 3 (8) LTE - RECENSIONE CARATTE... SMARTPHONE LENOVO VIBE S1 LITE - RECENSIONE CARATT... SMARTPHONE LENOVO K4 NOTE - RECENSIONE CARATTERIST... TABLET ALCATEL PIXI 3 (8) LTE - RECENSIONE CARATTERISTICHE PREZZO. Schermo da 8" IPS LCD (1280×800 pixel). Wi-Fi 802.11 b/g/n, Wi-Fi Direct, hotspot. Batteria da 4060 mAh (Li-Ion) rimovibile. FOTO 1 - ALCATEL PIXI 3 (8) LTE. Prezzo consigliato al momento dell'uscita : 159,00 (8 giga). Siti consigliati per l'acquisto : AMAZON - MEDIAWORLD - EBAY - PIXMANIA. Per eventuali altre info sull'oggetto : Sito ALCATEL ITALIA. A Febbraio 2016 Alcatel ha deciso di immettere sul mercato diversi modelli di smartphone e tablet della serie Pixi. Oggi parliamo del modello Alcatel Pixi 3 (8) LTE ma sono usciti anche i modelli Pixi 4 (3.5), Pixi 4 (4), Pixi 4 (6), Pixi 4 (7). Qual è la differenza tra questi smartphone ? Una differenza importante è nei pollici dello schermo. Ma il modello Alcatel Pixi 3 (8) LTE quanto costa, dove poterlo comrpare, acquistare online in tutta sicurezza e messo a confronto con modelli passati di Alcatel come Idol 3 , Pop Astro e Flash Plus vince la sfida oppure no ? Lo schermo da quanti pollici è e quale risoluzione raggiunge ? Voi che ne pensate, che giudizi ed opinioni vi siete fatti ? Le due fotocamere che risoluzione raggiungono e da quanti megapixel sono ed è presente una micro sd ? È un mono sim o nano sim e lo schermo è IPS LCD o Amoled ? Quale sistema operativo monta, Android o Windows 10 ? Quanti giga di memoria Ram possiede e quanti giga di memoria interna ? È possibile inserire una micro sim oppure una nano sim ? La batteria quanto è potente ? Vediamo di capire le sue features con una review completa, una recensione completa sul tablet A lcatel Pixi 3 (8) LTE con caratteristiche hardware e software, scheda e specifiche tecniche, immagini in anteprima e prezzo finale al pubblico italiano .. CARATTERISTICHE - ALCATEL PIXI 3 (8) LTE. Questo Alcatel può essere acquistato anche in versione dual sim oltre che mono sim e può montare micro sim. Predisposto ovviamente, come si evince dal nome, per la rete LTE ed anche per GSM e HSPA, ha uno schermo di ben 8 pollici con tecnologia IPS LCD e risoluzione di 1280x800 pixel mentre il valore di pixel density è piuttosto bassino e cioè 189 ppi. Buono il multitouch anche se può essere usato soltanto fino a 5 dita in contemporanea e non sembra essere presente alcuna protezione per lo schermo. Il sistema operativo qui montato non è Android ma Windows in versione 10. Il chipset che ritroviamo è un chipset Qualcomm MSM8909 Snapdragon 210 affiancato da un processore quad-core con una potenza di calcolo di 1.3 GHz e di tipo Cortex-A7 mentre la sua scheda grafica è una classica Adreno 304 che sfrutta benissimo i 16 milioni di colori a disposizione per uno schermo comunque non eccezionale in termini di visuale. La memoria Ram è da 1 giga mentre quella interna da soli 8 giga potendo anche essere espansa perchè è possibile inserire una micro sd da 32 gigabyte come capienza massima. La scheda wlan è una Wi-Fi 802.11 b/g/n, con funzioni di Wi-Fi Direct ed hotspot ma non è dual band e quindi non lavora sulle frequenze da 5 GHz. Come sensori siamo davvero scarsi perchè è presente soltanto un accelerometro mentre sono presenti un sistema gps di tipo A-GPS ed un Bluetooth in versione 4.1. Nessun supporto a Java e mancanza di un browser HTML5 fanno cadere la qualità di questo tablet della Alcatel che si sperava fosse migliore guardandolo dall'esterno. Possiede un ingresso di tipo micro usb 2.0, un lettore interno per l'apertura di documenti, un editor di foto e video ed un player multimediale predefinito che apre formati audio e video tra i più diffusi tra cui mp3, wav, aac come file audio ed mp4, h.264 come file video. Le fotocamere sono da 5 e 2 megapixel e possono registrare video fino a 1080p. La batteria non è rimovibile ed è non molto potente perchè non dimentichiamoci che siamo di fronte ad un tablet e non ad uno smartphone. La sua potenza infatti è di 4060 mAh ed è stata costruita con tecnologia che utilizza le celle agli ioni di Litio. Non ci è dato sapere quanto possa durare una batteria così poco potente ma siamo sicuri che essendo un tablet con sim, la sua durata in uso chiamata con connessione 3G attiva non possa andare oltre le 15 ore mentre in uso stand by ma con connessione dati 3G attiva forse arriverà a durare circa un 150 - 200 ore.. SPECIFICHE - ALCATEL PIXI 3 (8) LTE. FOTO 2 - ALCATEL PIXI 3 (8) LTE. SCHEDA DI VALUTAZIONE - ALCATEL PIXI 3 (8) LTE. Giudizio del team : il prezzo non è esagerato anche perchè, ricordiamolo, siamo di fronte ad un tablet e non ad uno smartphone. Certo la sua memoria Ram da solo 1 giga e quella interna da soli 8 giga ma comunque espandibile, non sono eccezionali e nemmeno il suo schermo che nonostante la grandezza di 8 pollici non si vede in maniera molto chiara e limpida ed il valore di pixel density lo dimostra. Anche le due fotocamere non sono granchè, senza sistema di autofocus, con risoluzioni massime molto basse e con la mancanza di diverse features che su altri tablet ritroviamo. Pochi sensori, batteria poco potente che non giustifichiamo dato che stiamo parlando di un tablet con possibilità di inserimento di sim, addirittura di doppia sim. Certamente delusi quindi da questo Alcatel Pixi 3 (8) LTE , che è interessante perlomeno per il suo sistema operativo che questa volta non è Android ma Windows 10 ma bisogna poi vedere quanto fluente sarà questo O.S. della Microsoft su un chipset Qualcomm tra i più mediocri comandato da un processore non eccezionale.. Segnalate eventuali problemi di questo modello e necessità di assistenza così da poter trovare soluzione grazie all'intervento di altri utenti e visitatori del blog.. Ricevi le news in e-mail : Iscriviti al Feed Rss. caratteristiche alcatel pixi 3 (8) lte. modello smartphone alcatel pixi 3 (8) lte. prezzo alcatel pixi 3 (8) lte. » TABLET ALCATEL PIXI 3 (8) LTE - RECENSIONE CARATTERISTICHE PREZZO. Ricevi le news in e-mail :. SMARTPHONE E TABLET ANDROID | Powered by Blogger - Cookies e Privacy. Design by FThemes | Blogger Theme by Lasantha - PremiumBloggerTemplates.com | NewBloggerThemes.com. 
Alcatel Pixi 3 (8) LTE Price In United Kingdom , And Full Specifications. Rating: 0 / 5. Retail Price of alcatel pixi 3 (8) lte in United Kingdom is £ 74. 209 x 124.9 x 8.3 mm (8.23 x 4.92 x 0.33 in). GSM 850 / 900 / 1800 / 1900. LTE band 1(2100), 3(1800), 7(2600), 8(900), 20(800). Wi-Fi 802.11 b/g/n, Wi-Fi Direct, hotspot. User Comments to "Alcatel Pixi 3 (8) LTE". Read All User Comments Post Your Opinion. Any stock for Alcatel Pixi 3 (8) LTE In Hong Kong. We need windows 10 mobile tablet for development.. Best Price of Alcatel Pixi 3 (8) LTE in United Kingdom is GBP 74 (US$100) , All Prices updated on daily bases from the local market shops/Showrooms or price list provided by the main dealers of Alcatel in GBR we are trying to deliver possible best Price of Alcatel Pixi 3 (8) LTE in United Kingdom and Full specifications, But we can’t grantee the Price and Specifications are 100% correct on this page (human error is possible). All prices mentioned on this page are in GBP and valid all over the United Kingdom including London Slight deviations are expected, you can check detailed specifications and price online on mobile57 before making a decision to buy Alcatel Pixi 3 (8) LTE from online store or local shops.. If you find any error in rates or specs or have any suggestion to makes better this website please send us a massage by contact us page.. Disclaimer: We are trying to provid latest Mobile Phone prices in United Kingdom and Specs, but we cannot guarantee. The latest launched Cell Phones are priced on the basis of international offerings without including shipment costs and taxes.. © Copyrights by Mobile57 2011 to 2018. 
Mobiles Tablets Wearables Applications Games Themes Wallpapers Videos. Alcatel Pixi 3 (8) LTE vs Samsung Galaxy Tab A 7.0 (2016). Alcatel Pixi 3 (8) LTE vs Samsung Galaxy Tab A 7.0 (2016). Samsung Galaxy Tab A 7.0 (2016). Samsung Galaxy Tab A 7.0 (2016). Body Form Factor Candybar, Touchscreen, Tablet PC Candybar, Touchscreen, Tablet PC Dimensions 209 x 124.9 x 8.3 mm (8.23 x 4.92 x 0.33 in) 186.9 x 108.8 x 8.7 mm (7.36 x 4.28 x 0.34 in) Weight - 283 g (9.98 oz) Build Plastic body Colors Smoky Grey, Soft Gold, White Pearl White, Metallic Black SIM Micro-SIM Micro-SIM Display Type IPS LCD capacitive touchscreen, 16M colors IPS LCD capacitive touchscreen, 16M colors Size 800 x 1280 pixels, 16:10 ratio (~189 ppi density) 8.0 inches, 185.6 cm 2 (~71.1% screen-to-body ratio) 800 x 1280 pixels, 16:10 ratio (~216 ppi density) 7.0 inches, 142.1 cm 2 (~69.9% screen-to-body ratio) Multitouch Yes, up to 5 fingers Yes Network 2G Network GSM 850 / 900 / 1800 / 1900 GSM 850 / 900 / 1800 / 1900 3G Network HSDPA 900 / 2100 HSDPA 850 / 900 / 1900 / 2100 4G Network LTE band 1(2100), 3(1800), 7(2600), 8(900), 20(800) LTE band 1(2100), 3(1800), 5(850), 7(2600), 8(900), 20(800). Notifications Alert Types MP3 ringtones MP3, WAV ringtones Speaker Phone Yes Yes Memory Internal 8 GB ROM, 1 GB RAM 8 GB ROM, 1.5 GB RAM Card Slot microSD, up to 32 GB (dedicated slot) microSD, up to 256 GB (dedicated slot) Connectivity GPRS Yes Yes EDGE Yes Yes Speed HSPA, LTE HSPA, LTE Cat4 150/50 Mbps WLAN Wi-Fi 802.11 b/g/n, Wi-Fi Direct, hotspot Wi-Fi 802.11 b/g/n, WiFi Direct, hotspot Bluetooth 4.1, A2DP, LE 4.0, A2DP USB microUSB 2.0 microUSB 2.0 GPS Yes, with A-GPS Yes, with A-GPS, GLONASS. Camera Primary 5 MP 5 MP, f/2.2, autofocus Camera Features Yes Geo-tagging, touch focus, panorama Video 1080p@30fps 720p@30fps Secondary 2 MP 2 MP, f/2.2 Multimedia Audio Format Support MP3/AAC/WAV MP3/WAV/eAAC+/Flac Video Format Support MP4/H.264 MP4/H.264 Software Operating System (OS) Microsoft Windows 10 Android OS, v5.1.1 (Lollipop) Browser HTML HTML5 Organizer Yes Yes Messaging SMS(threaded view), MMS, Email, Push Mail, IM Email, Push Mail, IM Hardware Chipset Qualcomm MSM8909 Snapdragon 210 Qualcomm MSM8916 Snapdragon 410 Spreadtrum SC9830 CPU Quad-core 1.3 GHz Cortex-A7 Quad-core 1.3 GHz Cortex-A53 Quad-core 1.5 GHz Cortex-A7 GPU Adreno 304 Adreno 306 Mali-400MP2 Sensors Accelerometer Accelerometer Side / Additional Keys Volume keys, Power/Lock key Volume keys, Power/Lock key Audio Jack 3.5 mm 3.5 mm Battery Battery Type Non-removable Li-Ion 4060 mAh battery Non-removable Li-Ion 4000 mAh battery Talk Time Up to 11 h (multimedia) Music Play Up to 100 h Additional Features Features Document viewer Photo/video editor Photo/video editor Document viewer SAR EU 0.64 W/kg (head) 0.85 W/kg (body). Compare Alcatel Pixi 3 (8) LTE With Similar Mobile Phones. Samsung LG Sony HTC Huawei Nokia BlackBerry Apple Motorola Google Asus Panasonic HP Lenovo Dell Oppo Xiaomi OnePlus vivo Acer Alcatel QMobile ZTE Meizu Gionee Micromax XOLO Lava BLU Karbonn Celkon Coolpad LeEco Essential Razer. All Manufacturers Android One Phones 3G Mobile Phones 4G Mobile Phones Rumored Phones SMS Screensavers Reviews Mobile Phone Prices Picture Messages. [Select Manufacturer] Samsung LG Sony HTC Huawei Nokia BlackBerry Apple Motorola Google Asus Panasonic HP Lenovo Dell Oppo Xiaomi OnePlus vivo Acer Alcatel QMobile ZTE Meizu Gionee Micromax XOLO Lava BLU Karbonn Celkon Coolpad LeEco Essential Razer. Privacy Policy Terms of Use Sitemap Contact Us Copyrights © 2018 mobilesmspk. 
Mobiles alcatel Alcatel Pixi 3 (8) LTE. Processor: Qualcomm MSM8909 Snapdragon 210 Camera: 5 MP Storage: 8 GB, 1 GB RAM Wifi: Wi-Fi 802.11 B/g/n, Wi-Fi Direct, Hotspot OS: Microsoft Windows 10 Battery: Non-removable Li-Ion 4060 MAh Battery. Price of Alcatel Pixi 3 (8) LTE. Alcatel One Touch PIXI 3, Tablet 7 inch, Android 4.4.2, 8 GB, 1 GB RAM, Wi Fi, Bluetooth, Dual core, D. Min Order 350 for FREE Shipment. Alcatel Tablet Pixi 3 9022X 1 GB RAM 8 GB Memory 4G 8" White. Min Order 1000 for FREE Shipment. Alcatel Pixi 3 (8) LTE Graph. Reviews & Comments on Alcatel Pixi 3 (8) LTE. NEWSLETTER & FREE SHIPPING for First Shopping. Upcoming Top 10 Mobile Phones 2017 UAE. Apple iPhone 7 Price in Dubai. Â© 2018 PriceDeals.com All rights reserved.. 
Hi ( Sign in to bid or buy) Daily Deals Gift Cards Help & Contact Sell. Summary Recently Viewed Bids/Offers Watch List Purchase History Selling Saved Searches Saved Sellers Messages. More chances to get what you want Feedback on our suggestions. For 7" 10.1" Tablet PC 360° Rotating Universal Leather Stand Case Cover + Stylus. 360° Rotating Universal Leather Stand Case Cover For 7" ~ 10.1" inch Tablet PC Q. 2018 For 10-10.1" Tablet Bluetooth Keyboard Rotate Universal Leather Cover Case. 2018 For 10-10.1" Tablet Bluetooth Keyboard Rotate Universal Leather Cover Case. Butterfly Universal Leather Stand Case Cover Fr 7" 7.9" 8" 9.7" 10" 10.1" Tablet. For 7" 7.9" 8" 10" 10.1" Tablets PC iPad Universal Flip Leather Stand Case Cover. For 7" 7.9" 8" 10" 10.1" Tablets PC iPad Universal Flip Leather Stand Case Cover. For 7" 7.9" 8" 10" 10.1" Tablets PC iPad Universal Flip Leather Stand Case Cover. For 7" 7.9" 8" 10" 10.1" Tablets PC iPad Universal Flip Leather Stand Case Cover. For 7" 7.9" 8" 10" 10.1" Tablets PC iPad Universal Flip Leather Stand Case Cover. Universal Folio Leather Stand Case Cover For 7" 8" 9.7" 10" 10.1" Tablet+Stylus. PU Leather Micro USB Keyboard Stand Cover Case for 7" 8" 10.1" Android Tablets. Similar sponsored items Feedback on our suggestions. New For Acer Iconia 7" 8" 10.1" Tablet Micro USB Keyboard PU Leather Case Cover. Kids Universal PU Leather Buckle Cover Case Stand For Various 7/8/10.1" Tablets. 7/10.1 inch Universal Leather Case Cover with Micro USB Keyboard For Tablet PC. Universal USB Keyboard PU Leather Folio Case Cover For Android Tablet 7" 8" 10.1. 7 Inch PU Leather Tablet Case with Micro USB Keyboard Stand Cover for Tablets. Stand Leather Bluetooth Touch Keyboard Case Cover For Lenovo 7" 8" 10.1" Tablet. Detachable Universal Bluetooth Keyboard Case Stand Cover For 7" 10.1" Tablet PC. PU Leather case Cover For Alcatel OneTouch POP 7 7.0 inch Universal Tablet. For Asus 7" 8" 10.1" Tablet PU Leather Stand Case Cover with Micro USB Keyboard. For Samsung Galaxy Tablet 7" 8" 9.7" 10.1" Micro USB Keyboard Leather Case Cover. Universal Leather Case Cover with Micro USB Keyboard For Tablet PC BK 7"/10.1". Premium PU Leather Stand Case Cover For Samsung Galaxy Tab A 7" 8" 9.7" 10.1". For Alcatel OneTouch Pixi 7" 8" 10.1" Tablet Leather Stand Keyboard Case Cover. Photos not available for this variation. Mouse over to Zoom - Click to enlarge. For Alcatel OneTouch Pixi 7" 8" 10.1" Tablet Leather Stand Keyboard Case Cover. Share on Facebook - opens in a new window or tab. Share on Twitter - opens in a new window or tab. Share on Pinterest - opens in a new window or tab. Ships in a business day with tracking. - opens in a new window or tab Learn more. bestseller2018 has no other items for sale.. Alcatel Pixi 3 (8) LTE 8". Alcatel Pixi 3 (8) 3G 8". Alcatel Pixi 3 (7) 3G 7". Alcatel Pixi 3 (7) LTE 7". Other 7" Tablet W/ Micro USB. Other 9-10.1" Tablet W/ Micro .... Please enter a quantity of $qty_dummy$ or less. Please enter a quantity of 1. Purchases are limited to $qty_dummy$ per buyer. Please enter quantity of 1 or more. Choose quantity that is less than $qty_dummy1$ or equal to $qty_dummy$. You can only choose quantity that is equal to $qty_dummy$. Approximately US $8.37 (including shipping). See details about international shipping here. help icon for Shipping - opens a layer. Items shipping internationally may be subject to customs processing depending on the item's declared value.. Sellers set the item's declared value and must comply with customs declaration laws.. Buyers may be subject to additional charges for customs clearance.. Visit eBay's page on international trade .. help icon for Shipping - opens a layer. This amount includes applicable customs duties, taxes, brokerage and other fees. This amount is subject to change until you make payment. For additional information, see the Global Shipping Program terms and conditions - opens in a new window or tab. This amount includes applicable customs duties, taxes, brokerage and other fees. This amount is subject to change until you make payment. If you reside in an EU member state besides UK, import VAT on this purchase is not recoverable. For additional information, see the Global Shipping Program terms and conditions - opens in a new window or tab. No additional import charges on delivery. Seller ships within 1 day after receiving cleared payment - opens in a new window or tab. help icon for Estimated delivery date - opens a layer. Estimated Delivery within 11-35 business days. Estimated delivery dates - opens in a new window or tab include seller's handling time, origin ZIP Code, destination ZIP Code and time of acceptance and will depend on shipping service selected and receipt of cleared payment - opens in a new window or tab. Delivery times may vary, especially during peak periods.. Please note the delivery estimate is greater than 10 business days.. Any international shipping and import charges are paid in part to Pitney Bowes Inc. Learn More - opens in a new window or tab. International shipping and import charges paid to Pitney Bowes Inc. Learn More - opens in a new window or tab. Any international shipping and import charges are paid in part to Pitney Bowes Inc. Learn More - opens in a new window or tab. International shipping paid to Pitney Bowes Inc. Learn More - opens in a new window or tab. Any international shipping is paid in part to Pitney Bowes Inc. Learn More - opens in a new window or tab. Covered by eBay Money Back Guarantee. See details - opens in a new window or tab. Get the item you ordered or get your money back. Covers your purchase price and original shipping.. Report item - opens in a new window or tab. Seller assumes all responsibility for this listing.. 1 x Free stylus(Stylus color is random). New: A brand-new, unused, unopened, undamaged item in its original packaging (where packaging is. Packaging should be the same as what is found in a retail store, unless the item is handmade or was packaged by the manufacturer in non-retail packaging, such as an unprinted box or plastic bag. See the seller's listing for full details. See all condition definitions - opens in a new window or tab. Cell Phones & Accessories Apple iPad Tablet Accs Samsung Tablet Accs Other Brand Tablet Accessories Universal Tablet Accessories Consumer Electronics Clothes & Hat & Accessories MacBook / Laptop Accessories LED Lights Smart Watch Band & Acces Phone Camera Lens Home & Garden Nintendo Switch Acces Car Motors Motorcycle Acces Business & Industrial. I provide invoices with VAT separately displayed.. Please note your shipping address must match your PAYPAL address, once you complete the checkout process we will not be able to amend or cancel the order. If you want to change the shipping address please change it before making the payment as we can not change the shipping address later, we will not be able to check your messages on order notes regarding address change or other information.. If you are happy with the item or have any problem,please feel free to contact us and we will resolve your problem, please Don't leave us the negative feedback without send the message, thanks for your support.. Terms and conditions of the sale. After receiving the item, contact seller within. Return for full refund accepted within 14 days of orders if unopened.. If you need refund, only item's listing price is refundable. Buyer is responsible for shipping cost incurred shipping products back.. Buyers have to pay for the return cost and we will pay the cost for resend。. Seller assumes all responsibility for this listing.. This item will ship to Singapore , but the seller has not specified shipping options. Contact the seller - opens in a new window or tab and request a shipping method to your location.. Please enter a valid ZIP Code.. Excludes: Africa, Cambodia, Hong Kong, Laos, Macau, Taiwan, Bolivia, Colombia, Ecuador, Falkland Islands (Islas Malvinas), French Guiana, Guyana, Paraguay, Peru, Suriname, Uruguay, Venezuela, Bermuda, Greenland, Mexico, Saint Pierre and Miquelon, Bahrain, Iraq, Jordan, Lebanon, Oman, Qatar, Yemen, Afghanistan, Bangladesh, Bhutan, China, Georgia, Kyrgyzstan, Maldives, Mongolia, Nepal, Pakistan, American Samoa, Cook Islands, French Polynesia, Guam, Kiribati, Marshall Islands, Micronesia, Nauru, New Caledonia, Niue, Palau, Papua New Guinea, Solomon Islands, Tonga, Tuvalu, Vanuatu, Wallis and Futuna, Western Samoa, Albania, Andorra, Austria, Belarus, Bosnia and Herzegovina, Germany, Gibraltar, Guernsey, Iceland, Ireland, Italy, Jersey, Liechtenstein, Luxembourg, Macedonia, Moldova, Monaco, Montenegro, San Marino, Serbia, Svalbard and Jan Mayen, Switzerland, Vatican City State, Anguilla, Antigua and Barbuda, Aruba, Bahamas, Barbados, Belize, British Virgin Islands, Cayman Islands, Costa Rica, Dominica, Dominican Republic, El Salvador, Grenada, Guadeloupe, Guatemala, Haiti, Honduras, Jamaica, Martinique, Montserrat, Netherlands Antilles, Nicaragua, Panama, Saint Kitts-Nevis, Saint Lucia, Saint Vincent and the Grenadines, Trinidad and Tobago, Turks and Caicos Islands, Virgin Islands (U.S.), PO Box. No additional import charges at delivery!. This item will be shipped through the Global Shipping Program and includes international tracking. Learn more - opens in a new window or tab. Please enter a number less than or equal to 1,757.. Please enter a valid ZIP Code.. Please enter 5 or 9 numbers for the ZIP Code.. Economy Shipping (Economy Shipping from China/Hong Kong/Taiwan to worldwide (11 to 35 business days)). Seller ships within 1 day after receiving cleared payment - opens in a new window or tab .. Estimated Delivery within 11-35 business days. * Estimated delivery dates - opens in a new window or tab include seller's handling time, origin ZIP Code, destination ZIP Code and time of acceptance and will depend on shipping service selected and receipt of cleared payment - opens in a new window or tab. Delivery times may vary, especially during peak periods.. Will usually ship within 1 business day of receiving cleared payment - opens in a new window or tab .. Immediate payment required for this item. Immediate payment of GBP 5.99 is required.. This is a private listing and your identity will not be disclosed to anyone except the seller.. How to Customize an iPad Mini Case ,. How to Buy an HP Tablet Keyboard. ALCATEL ONETOUCH Tablets & eBook Readers ,. Synthetic Leather Tablet & EBook Cases, Covers & Keyboard Folios Archos 8 ,. 7" Tablet and eBook Cases, Covers & Keyboard Folios ,. rooCASE Leather Tablet & EBook Cases, Covers & Keyboard Folios Nexus 10 ,. Leather Tablet & EBook Cases, Covers & Keyboard Folios Nexus 10. Site Map Copyright © 1995-2018 eBay Inc. Accessibility , User Agreement , Privacy , Cookies and AdChoice Norton Secured - powered by Verisign. 
Suppliers who can match your search.. Customer who searched alcatel pixi 8 also searched:. pixie market , genmu pixy , elf pixie ,. back case for alcatel ot4007x pixi ot4007x pixi , clear case for alcatel ot4007x pixi , pixie purple backpack , alcatel pixi , case for alcatel 4007 pixi , nespresso pixi. Hybrid case for alcatel pixi 4 5.0 4g shockproof kickstand tup cover for alcatel one touch pixi 4 OT5045 case. Stand tpu case for alcatel one touch pixi 4 (6) capa de celular for alcatel pixi 4 mobile phone accessories case. Silicone Hard Case Para for Alcatel Pixi 4 5.0 case shockproof kickstand phone cover caso. hybrid case,tpu case,travel adapter,power bank,produce mould. Hybrid Case For Alcatel Pixi 4 5.0. | Shockproof Case For Alcatel Pixi 4 Ot5045. | For Alcatel Pixi 4 Case. | Case For Alcatel One Touch Pixi 4 (6). | Capa De Celular For Alcatel Pixi 4. Phone accossories PU leather flip wallet stand cover case for Alcatel Pixi 3( 8 ) LTE----laudtec. ultra slim PU leather phone cover flip case back cover for Alcatel Pixi 3( 8 ) LTE, for Alcatel Pixi 3( 8 ) LTE case-----laudtec. Classics flip case stand wallet phone cover PU leather case for Alcatel Pixi 3( 8 ) LTE -----laudtec. mobile phone leather case,tempered glass screen protector,tempered glass film,mobile phone cases,cellphone cases. Flip Case For Alcatel Pixi 3(8) Lte. | Flipcover Leather Case For Alcatel Pixi 3(8) Lte. | Flip Cover Case For Alcatel Pixi 3(8) Lte. | Flip Cover For Alcatel Pixi 3(8) Lte. | Flip Covercase For Alcatel Pixi 3(8) Lte. Guangzhou Danhui Plastic Electronics Co., Ltd.. tyre liness pc tpu case for alcatel one touch pixi 4 6.0,square stand cover for alcatel pixi 4. tyre lines pc tpu case for alcatel one touch pixi 4,square stand cover for alcatel pixi 4 4.0. cellphone plastic case,cellphone tpu case,phone silicone case,combo case. | Case For Alcatel One Touch Pixi 4 6.0. | Tyre Liness Pc Tpu Case. | Cover For Alcatel Pixi 4 4.0. | Case For Alcatel One Touch Pixi 4. Anti Proof strong conner TPU case for Alcatel Pixi 4 OT-5045X 8 colors. | 5045x Phone Cover Supplier. Guangzhou Langyue Plastic Products Co., Ltd.. universal 2 double phone bag case pouch sleeve for Alcatel one touch flash for pixi pop star fierce 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10. Bumper back cell mobile phone case for Alcatel A3 XL one touch pop 3 4 pixi 4 (5.0), print mobile phone cases with card holder. universal carrying 2 double phone bag case pouch for Alcatel one touch flash for pixi pop star fierce 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9. Mobilephone case,phone cover,cell phone accessory,cell phone shell,Phone Protection Case. | For Alcatel Flash 2 Case. | Case Cover For Alcatel One Touch Pop C9 7047d. | Shockproof Case For Alcatel A3 Xl. | For Alcatel Pop 3 4 Case. hybrid case for Alcatel pixi 4 6.0 3G cover for Alcatel pixi 4 6.0 3G original case for Alcatel pixi 4 6.0 3G. hybrid case for Alcatel PIXI 4 5.0 OT5045 cover for Alcatel PIXI 4 5.0 OT5045 original case for Alcatel pixi 4 5.0 OT 5045. Original Case For Alcatel Pixi 4 6.0 3g. | Hybrid Case For Alcatel Pixi 4 6.0 3g. | Cover For Alcatel Pixi 4 6.0 3g. | Original Case For Alcatel Pixi 4 5.0. | Hybrid Case For Alcatel Ot 5045. Guangzhou Youyue Electronic Technology Co., Ltd.. For ALCATEL PIXI 8 FPC8004-1 touch screen digitizer. For alcatel pixi 8 FPC8004-1 lcd screen display replacement. For Alcatel OneTouch Pixi 8 9005X touch screen digitizer replacement. Tablet PC touch,Tablet PC LCD,MobilePhone touch,Mobile Phone LCD,Other accessories. | For Alcatel Pixi 8 Touch. | Alcatel Pixi 8 Lcd. | Alcatel Pixi 8 Display. anti glare screen protector for Alcatel Pixi 8. shatterproof screen protector for Alcatel Pixi 8. LCD/LED Screen Protector,3D Curved Tempered glass screen protector,Tempered glass screen guard,TPU mobile screen protector,screen protective film. | Mobile Screen Guard Supplier. | Japanese Blue Film Supplier. | Shatterproof Screen Protector For Htc Nexus 9. | Anti-glare Screen Protectors Supplier. Shenzhen Malchi Link Electronics Co., Ltd.. 8 " 80701-0D5502A 80701-0E5502A Alcatel PIXI 3 9005X 3G VETRO Capacitive Touch Screen Panel Digitizer Sensor Replacement Parts. 8 " 80701-0D5502A 80701-0E5502A Alcatel PIXI 3 9005X 3G VETRO Capacitive Touch Screen Panel Digitizer Sensor Replacement Parts. Tablet PC accessories,Mobile phone accessories,tablet PC Module,Mobile Phone Module,Digitizer open module. Touch Screen Digitizer Alcate Pixi 3. | Touch Panel 80701-0e5502a Supplier. | 80701-0d5502a Digitizer Glass Sensor. NEW Replacement 3240mAh Battery TLP032BD For Alcatel One Touch Pixi 8 Pop 7. TLp025DC NEW Battery For Alcatel One Touch Pixi 3 8 4 6.0 7.0 OT 8050. Battery Bank,Phone accessories,phone spare part,lcd assembly,Phone battery. | Battery For Alcatel Pop 7. | Battery For Alcatel Supplier. | Battery For Alcatel Idol 3. Haven't found the right supplier yet ?. Want product and industry knowledge for "alcatel pi..." ?. Trade Alerts are FREE updates on topics such as trending hot products, buying requests and supplier information - sent directly to your email inbox!. Alibaba.com Site: International - Español - Português - Deutsch - Français - Italiano - हिंदी - Pусский - 한국어 - 日本語 - اللغة العربية - ภาษาไทย - Türk - Nederlands - tiếng Việt - Indonesian - עברית. - Law Enforcement Compliance Guide. 
Home How it works Testimonials FAQ Help Code entry instructions Troubleshooting Contact. Facebook Instagram YouTube. Language |. Home How it works Testimonials FAQ Help Code entry instructions Troubleshooting Contact. Alcatel One Touch Fierce 2 - Unlock App. Alcatel Pop Star LTE - Unlock App. Alcatel Idol 5 - Unlock App. Alcatel Pixi 3 (5.5) LTE - Unlock App. Alcatel Pixi 4 (4) - Unlock App. Alcatel Idol 4S - Unlock App. Alcatel Flash (2017) - Unlock App. Alcatel A5 LED - Unlock App. Alcatel One Touch Idol X+ - Unlock App. Alcatel U5 HD - Unlock App. Alcatel One Touch Fierce 2 - Unlock Code. Alcatel Pixi 4 Plus Power - Unlock App. Alcatel One Touch Pixi 2 - Unlock Code. Alcatel One Touch Fierce 2 - Unlock App. Alcatel Idol 5 - Unlock App. Alcatel Pixi 3 (5.5) LTE - Unlock App. 1 2 3 4 5 6 > >|. Showing 1 to 50 of 282 (6 Pages). Quick links Blog About us Terms and conditions Apply for a refund FREE phone unlock. Support FAQ Check order status Code entry instructions Troubleshooting. Thank you for your message - we'll get back to you as quickly as possible!. Aenean eu tristique See all features. Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetur adipiscing elit. 
Select the department you want to search in. Sign in Account & Lists Sign in Account & Lists Orders Try Prime Cart. Your Amazon.com Today's Deals Gift Cards Registry Sell Help Disability Customer Support. Cell Phones & Accessories Carrier Phones Unlocked Phones Prime Exclusive Phones Accessories Cases Wearable Technology Best Sellers Deals Trade-In All Electronics. 1-Click ordering is not available for this item.. Please enter a valid US zip code.. Please enter a valid US zip code.. Shipping to a APO/FPO/DPO? Please add the address to your address book. Make sure you include the unit and box numbers (if assigned).. ONX3 Alcatel Pixi 3 (8) LTE (Pink) Mobile Phone Universal Camera Lens 3 in 1 Kit Wide Angle Lens + Fisheye Lens + Macro Lens with Clip-on 180 Degree For Both Android and iOS Devices. Be the first to review this item. This item at this price, sold by Amazon.com, is currently reserved exclusively for Prime members. Prime free trial and invitee customers: We will automatically apply an Amazon.com Gift Card to your Gift Card Balance in the amount equal to the Prime exclusive discount after you become a paid Prime member. If you cancel your paid Prime membership or return the qualifying smartphone within the first 3 months of your paid Prime membership, we may void your Gift Card or charge you in the amount of the Gift Card. Terms and Conditions apply.. Ships from and sold by ONX-3 .. WHAT ARE YOU BUYING - 3 different lenses, fisheye + macro and wide lenses which give you a lot of different shooting option with your mobile.. WHY ARE YOU BUYING THIS SPECIFIC KIT - High Quality: Made of upgraded high-class glass & top-grade aluminum. Portable and detachable, easy to install, remove. Let your trip much easier with this lens, and you take high quality photo with your devices at any time(no harm to your phone).. HOW/WHEN ARE YOU GETTING IT - We aim to dispatch your item and have it with you within days of ordering. You item is sent via a national carrier and is packaged in a protective envelope/bag to arrive undamaged and unopened.. WHY BUY FROM US - All these listings are sold and listed by ONX3. We are not a small re-seller like many others. As a client of ONX3 you will be given an account manager who you can call upon on a direct number on the invoice. We provide returns label with our items. If you are unhappy and dont have time to email or call, write a small note on the invoice we send to you and resend back in the same packaging we sent the item in.. MORE DETAILS - Stylish, compact, lightweight design fits easily into any pocket or bag. General Fisheye Lens : 180 degree of the scene can be captured by Fisheye lens, which takes you into a stunning fantastic world.. Find the latest gadgets from today's brightest startups on Amazon Launchpad. Your cost could be $0.00 instead of $5.99 ! Get a $50 Amazon.com Gift Card instantly upon approval for the Amazon Rewards Visa Card. Find answers in product info, Q&As, reviews. Please make sure that you are posting in the form of a question.. Don't see what you're looking for?. There was a problem completing your request. Please try your search again later.. Improve your phone photos: In the kit you have 3 different lenses, fisheye, macro and wide lenses which give you a lot of different shooting option with your mobile. Furthermore the universal lens clip can be used with a lot of different phones or tablets like iPhone, Samsung Galaxy, iPad and many more. The Fisheye lens offers you a wide hemispherical image. The Macro lens is used for taking extreme close-up pictures of very small objects. The Wide-angle lens projects a substantially larger image circle than would be typical for a standard design lens of the same focal length. Enjoy a fantastic world! 3 in 1 Lens Kit includes: 1.Macro lens for taking clear photos of small objects; 2.Wide-angle lens for larger range of scenery shooting; 3.180 Degree supreme fisheye lens allows you to capture rounded images instead of square ones.. Be the first to review this item. If you are a seller for this product, would you like to suggest updates through seller support ?. Would you like to tell us about a lower price ?. There are no customer reviews yet.. 5 star 5 star (0%) 0% 4 star 4 star (0%) 0% 3 star 3 star (0%) 0% 2 star 2 star (0%) 0% 1 star 1 star (0%) 0%. Share your thoughts with other customers. There's a problem loading this menu right now.. Get fast, free shipping with Amazon Prime. Prime members enjoy FREE Two-Day Shipping and exclusive access to music, movies, TV shows, original audio series, and Kindle books.. Careers About Amazon Investor Relations Amazon Devices. Sell on Amazon Sell Your Services on Amazon Sell on Amazon Business Sell Your Apps on Amazon Become an Affiliate Advertise Your Products Self-Publish with Us › See all. Amazon Rewards Visa Signature Cards Amazon.com Store Card Amazon.com Corporate Credit Line Shop with Points Credit Card Marketplace Reload Your Balance Amazon Currency Converter. Your Account Your Orders Shipping Rates & Policies Amazon Prime Returns & Replacements Manage Your Content and Devices Amazon Assistant Help. Amazon Music Stream millions of songs. Amazon Drive Cloud storage from Amazon. 6pm Score deals on fashion brands. AbeBooks Books, art & collectibles. ACX Audiobook Publishing Made Easy. Alexa Actionable Analytics for the Web. Amazon Business Everything For Your Business. AmazonFresh Groceries & More Right To Your Door. AmazonGlobal Ship Orders Internationally. Home Services Handpicked Pros Happiness Guarantee. Amazon Inspire Digital Educational Resources. Amazon Rapids Fun stories for kids on the go. Amazon Restaurants Food delivery from local restaurants. Amazon Video Direct Video Distribution Made Easy. Amazon Web Services Scalable Cloud Computing Services. Audible Download Audio Books. AudiobookStand Discount Audiobooks on Disc. Book Depository Books With Free Delivery Worldwide. Box Office Mojo Find Movie Box Office Data. ComiXology Thousands of Digital Comics. CreateSpace Indie Print Publishing Made Easy. DPReview Digital Photography. East Dane Designer Men's Fashion. Fabric Sewing, Quilting & Knitting. Goodreads Book reviews & recommendations. IMDb Movies, TV & Celebrities. IMDbPro Get Info Entertainment Professionals Need. Junglee.com Shop Online in India. Kindle Direct Publishing Indie Digital Publishing Made Easy. Prime Now FREE 2-Hour Delivery on Everyday Items. Prime Photos Unlimited Photo Storage Free With Prime. Shopbop Designer Fashion Brands. TenMarks.com Math Activities for Kids & Schools. Warehouse Deals Open-Box Discounts. Whole Foods Market America’s Healthiest Grocery Store. Withoutabox Submit to Film Festivals. Woot! Deals and Shenanigans. Zappos Shoes & Clothing. Souq.com Shop Online in the Middle East. Subscribe with Amazon Discover & try subscription services. Conditions of Use Privacy Notice Interest-Based Ads © 1996-2018, Amazon.com, Inc. 
COOKIES: Our site uses cookies. To find out what cookies we use and why we use them click here. If you carry on using our site we will assume you consent to us using cookies in this way.. The IMEI number is a 15 digit serial number unique to every mobile phone.. Depending on your model it may be located on the back of your phone or on the SIM tray.. You can make your mobile display it's IMEI number by typing the following on the keypad:. If your mobile displays more than 15 digits or is separated by symbols, please enter only the first 15 digits.. Check for a label or printed text on the back of the phone or under the cover.. Eject the SIM and it should be printed on the SIM tray.. Enter *#06# on the keypad to display the IMEI number.. Click here for full Handset Terms & Conditions. Click here for full Handset Terms & Conditions. Click here for full Handset Terms & Conditions. If you have a mixture of working and Damaged/Faulty or locked and unlocked, please add them as separate items.. Cheque are issued and posted First Class the day we receive your order. The cheque will be made payable to the name on your account unless otherwise specified. It can be banked into any UK bank that you have an account with.. BACS bank transfer is issued the day we receive your order. The payment will take up to 48 hours to clear. It can transferred into any UK bank that you have an account with.. If you are using Google software on your device you must remove the device from your Google Account before sending it to us. Read how to remove your device from Google Account.. Need Help? Call on 020 7404 6440 or email [email. For all questions about orders or general enquiries please contact:. 
