Asus Zenfone Go ZB452KG - user opinions and reviews. Pages: 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 ». don't buy this phone it sucks i have one i give it to my mom since i have a new phone but the touchscreen sucks and when you put a tempered glass the screen turns black what a shame also the camera won't focus properly it's a crappy phone. Anak Permata, 30 Dec 2017 How about the speaker it's loud and not noisy .I would like to use it while I working,I don't... more I can describe it as averagely loud but not sharp. Bass/Drum sound (unless Heavy Metal or Techno songs) not heard much if you're 1.5 - 2 meters away. If you're used to phone with better speaker you might be disappointed. talkiess, 29 Nov 2017 Here is my updated review after using it almost 1.5 years.. more How about the speaker it's loud and not noisy .I would like to use it while I working,I don't like to use headphones. This phone has a lot of problem. talkiess, 11 Jul 2016 I already used it for 1 month for calls, social media and some internet surfing. more Here is my updated review after using it almost 1.5 years. The only problem was using Firefox prior Quantum (ver. 56 and below) always forced close. (Fyi: I never install games on my phone). For low end smartphone, the UI is super responsive. It's can be handle with one hand pretty easily due to curvy at back. WiFi Tethering is good but with HSDPA speed don't expect much for streaming 1080p. Battery can still hold more the 1 day from full charged with Whatsapp, Blackberry (job requirement), Twitter, browsing using Chrome and/or Firefox and Spotify-ing regularly. Camera is horrible both front and back. For 2010's era mobile phone it should be better. Unlike other phone, this phone need clean screen and non-sweaty hands but you will used to it eventually. Here's a tip: Wipe your fingertip before using this phone, doesn't need super clean just to make it dry. Power button on top and volume button at back, was a big deal when first month using it. Heavy and thick, bulky inside pocket. Stock keyboard little bit small as I stated on my previous review. Switch to GBoard as it can adjust height. First of all this is a very cheap, even for low end smartphone. But, for the price, performance (except camera), and build quality it is best for your buck. I've planned to use it as my 2nd phone for another 2-3 years.. This device is okay but the camera are not perfect. The front camera for selfie not very good.. Asus new user, 17 May 2017 I wastedvmy money to buy this phone , I thought that buying Asus phone instead of Samsung phon... more You are blaming asus because you expect more with this super cheap and the cheapest type of asus mobile phone?how funny.go buy Samsung j1 you will find it not good too although it more pricey...u should save your money and get their flagship Asus Zenfone 3 and 4 are beast enough with decent price.. just bought it for my mum..work smooth for internet and youtube surfing and basic stuff..camera not that nice but i dont complain. overall light weight and fine budget phone for basic user. Anonymous, 17 Jun 2017 Using this phone for around 3 months. As a budget phone it is good enough to give power to you... This Phone Has A Good Keyboard No Typo At All Lol. Using this phone for around 3 months. As a budget phone it is good enough to give power to your daily tasks. Front camera & back camera has a lot of noise. (Though noise reduces when using the volume button as shutter). If you select high res, you'll get lower fps & If you want high fps, you have to select low res. When the phone starts playing multiple video at the same time or loads multiple gif at a time it becomes hot and restarts. (Suppose after visiting a few xvideos page where the thumbnail keeps changing). The display is not full black. Gives me the feel of a mirror. I use fb, youtube, whatsapp, chrome, brain focus all the time. The UI is very good and not laggy at all. The phone feels very slim to hand instead of the specs saying its around 11mm. Nothing more to say, Just an awesome budget phone.. new, 29 Mar 2017 is there a double tap to wake and sleep?thanks yes it has. look for the setting of touch gesture :). I wastedvmy money to buy this phone , I thought that buying Asus phone instead of Samsung phone would be great , the camera is very bad but if you used another camera app like camera fv-5 it will be a little bit better , I just want to know how this camera is 5mp !!! It seems like VGA !! , and speaker sound is very pure and nice but not too loud , screen is good , battery life is good , performance is great with multitasking and games. Just don't buy it if you need good camera and loud speaker sound. I'm so sad cause I bought this bad phone and I will not buy Asus products in the future anymore .... i have samsung j1 ace neo 2016..and go 4.5 cant beat it...this is budget phone..so it may have few weak side..so stop complaining and save ur money for better phone.... This phone is great i have no problem with this phone, long battery life, camera is good good for gaming *casual games* good for text and calls. But the problem is the speaker the speakr sucks so bad.. is there a double tap to wake and sleep?thanks. The phone is okay but only according to its price. Please stop giving negative feedbacks thus share what's the good side of this phone. Pages: 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 ». Total of 144 user reviews and opinions for Asus Zenfone Go ZB452KG .. Samsung Apple Nokia Sony LG HTC Motorola Huawei Microsoft Lenovo Xiaomi Google Acer Asus Oppo OnePlus Meizu BlackBerry Alcatel ZTE Toshiba Vodafone Energizer XOLO Lava Micromax BLU Gionee vivo LeEco Panasonic HP YU verykool Maxwest Plum. Asus Zenfone Go ZB500KL Motorola Moto C Asus Zenfone C ZC451CG Samsung Galaxy J1 mini prime Asus Zenfone Go ZB450KL Asus Zenfone Live ZB501KL. Asus Zenfone 3 Max ZC520TL Asus Zenfone 2 ZE551ML Asus Zenfone Max Plus (M1) Asus Zenfone 5 (2018) Asus Zenfone 5 A500CG (2014) Asus Zenfone 3 ZE552KL. 
ASUS ZenFone Go ZB452KG Price in the Philippines and Specification. ASUS ZenFone Go ZB452KG is a 4.5inch (854 x 480) of display, 8GB of storage, 8MP or 5MP of main camera.. * Prices updated on Feb 26, 2018. * The prices listed have been converted from USD to PHP based on exchange rates of Feb 23, 2018.. 1-year official manufacturer warranty in the Philippines. 1--year official manufacturer warranty in the Philippines. [VGA/5MP], 1-year official manufacturer warranty in the Philippines. [VGA/5MP], 1-year official manufacturer warranty in the Philippines. [2MP/8MP], 1--year official manufacturer warranty in the Philippines. [2MP/8MP], 1--year official manufacturer warranty in the Philippines. [2MP/8MP], 1--year official manufacturer warranty in the Philippines. ASUS ZenFone Go ZB452KG (8GB/1GB) P3,295. ASUS ZenFone Go ZB452KG Price in the Philippines Starts from P3,295. The lowest price of ASUS ZenFone Go ZB452KG is P3,295 at argomall, which is 6% less than the cost of ZenFone Go ZB452KG at argomall (P3,495).. The latest price of ASUS ZenFone Go ZB452KG was updated on Jan 16, 2018, 09:04.. Video of ASUS ZenFone Go ZB452KG. Review Asus ZenFone Go ZB452KG (unboxing, design, review, camera). ASUS ZENFONE GO (ZB452KG)- UNBOXING AND REVIEW (@5299 only). Specs of ASUS ZenFone Go ZB452KG. Micro SIM, Dual SIM, Dual Standby. MicroSD card (up to 64 GB). HSPA+: UL 21 / DL 5.76 Mbps. 136.5 x 66.7 x 3.6 ~ 11.2 mm. ASUS Zenfone Go ZB452KG celebrates the colors of life. Tech enthusiasts in the Philippines have just another reason to be amazed as ASUS has presented the Zenfone Go ZB452KG. This smartphone has been designed for everyone with user-friendly interface and several exciting features. Most importantly, it comes with an affordable price tag that everybody can opt for.. Zenfone Go ZB452KG is another dedication of ASUS in bringing out the best of modern smartphone companionship. Graced with a simple yet elegant design, this model truly defines simplicity and affordability.. Like every smartphone in the Zenfone series, this model combines the beauty of Zen design language with a high level of engineering and craftsmanship. With a seamless UI, users are left with an intuitive and pleasant smartphone using experience as never before.. ASUS just knows how to create the perfect balance of beauty and strength. The build quality of this Zenfone Go is a great example to this as it exemplifies the harmony of sophistication and simplicity.. The design that ASUS puts in every smartphone is worthy of great appreciation. The incredibility of the design of this Zenfone Go has been recognised globally as this model has won the 2015 iF Design Award.. Ergonomics is what this phone is surrounded with. Its rear panel has an ergonomic arc design that feels most comfortable in the hands. To enhance its utility, a physical key has been featured on the rear panel which can be used to adjust volume and snap selfies.. The best thing about this Zenfone Go is its multiple color options. With several colors to choose from, users can select any shade which matches their personality and lifestyle. The options are Glamour Red, Lemon Yellow, Silver Blue, Sheer Gold, Pearl White, Charcoal Black and Glacier Gray.. Besides its camera setup of 5 or 8 MP rear and 0.3 or 2 MP front, ASUS has presented PixelMaster in this phone. This clever feature makes all the photos that you have captured beautiful and effortless. PixelMaster includes simple to use tools that make every photos professional.. As this PixelMaster ensures advanced image processing algorithms by pixel merging technology, light sensitivity of the Low Light mode increases up to 400%. Photographs captured in this Zenfone Go have a rich color contrast which portrays realistic highlights and shadows.. Zenfone Go surely doesn't back down on performance as a Qualcomm MSM8212 Snapdragon 200 SoC have been used. This chipset has a quad-core configuration of Cortex-A7 processors clocked at 1.2 GHz. Coming on par with this chipset is 1 GB RAM and Adreno 302 GPU.. Powered is backed by a Li-Ion 2070 mAh removable battery which provides promising standby. Although no fast charging feature are found in most high-end models, the battery capacity makes it possible for users to get an adequate charge in short time.. ASUS is a Taiwanese electronics and computer hardware company that operates on a multinational level. Besides being an OEM manufacturer, the company also deals in PCs, laptops, smartphones, tablet PCs, motherboard, networking equipment, wearables, computer peripherals, optical storage and servers.. It might come as a surprise to many of us but the tech scenario in the Philippines is just booming. The South-east Asian country has gained repute for itself to be one of the leading source of talents and tech startups.. One recent survey holds that almost 30 tech startups have emerged from the country. It's because of the rapidly growing scope that tech companies like ASUS want a fair market share in the Philippines.. Reviews of ASUS ZenFone Go ZB452KG. User Review : 4 Reviews. i am using this phone for years now and i love to used this one what i like the most is that i like the design and ... this type of smartphone was so good and I like it much cause the design and display was so elegant and I ... Iniyakan ko talaga ang mama ko paralang bilhan niya ako ng smartphone na ASUS Zenfone Go ZB452KG kasi ang mura ... Write a review on this product. Read more reviews on this product. Forum of ASUS ZenFone Go ZB452KG. How much po shipping fee pa surigao coty?. Last updated : Oct 30, 2017. Replies of This topic : 2 Replies. Sa SM Fairview po Ba meron pa?. Last updated : Oct 25, 2017. Replies of This topic : 1 Replies. meron kaya nito sa sm north?. Last updated : Oct 17, 2017. Replies of This topic : 2 Replies. Ask lang po hindi po ba lag to sa mga ios/moba game.?. Last updated : Jul 26, 2017. Replies of This topic : 5 Replies. maganda po ba front cam nyan?. Last updated : May 14, 2017. Replies of This topic : 2 Replies. Start a topic on this product. View the forum on this product. Compared to ASUS ZenFone Go ZB452KG. 5.5 inches, 1080 x 1920 p... 2G, 3G, 4G (LTE), 16GB, 32GB. 5.7 inches, 2160 x 1080 p... 2G, 3G, 4G (LTE), 16GB, 3... 5.2 inches, 720 x 1280 pi... 2G, 3G, 4G (LTE), 32GB, 3GB. 2G, 3G, 4G (LTE), 16GB, 8.... 5.50 inches, 1080 x 1920 ... 2G, 3G, 4G (LTE), 16GB, 32GB. ASUS ZenFone 4 Max Pro ZC554KL. Most viewed ranking for ASUS Mobile Phones. View Mode: PC | Mobile. Please be aware that we cannot guarantee that all the information shown, such as prices, specs, images, etc. Prices and stock availability for each shop are always changing. If you are considering making a purchase, please refer to the merchant's page to ensure that you have the most up-to-date information. In order to use this website and its services, users must consent to and abide by the Terms of Use. By accessing or using any area of this website, you hereby agree to be legally bound and abide by the Terms.. Copyright © Priceprice.com All rights reserved. (Produced by kakaku.com that is Japan's No.1 Comparison Website). 
Our new search experience requires JavaScript to be enabled. Please enable JavaScript on your browser , then try again .. All Categories Antiques Art Baby Books Business & Industrial Cameras & Photo Cell Phones & Accessories Clothing, Shoes & Accessories Coins & Paper Money Collectibles Computers/Tablets & Networking Consumer Electronics Crafts Dolls & Bears DVDs & Movies eBay Motors Entertainment Memorabilia Gift Cards & Coupons Health & Beauty Home & Garden Jewelry & Watches Music Musical Instruments & Gear Pet Supplies Pottery & Glass Real Estate Specialty Services Sporting Goods Sports Mem, Cards & Fan Shop Stamps Tickets & Experiences Toys & Hobbies Travel Video Games & Consoles Everything Else. Hi ( Sign in to bid or buy) Daily Deals Gift Cards Help & Contact Sell. Summary Recently Viewed Bids/Offers Watch List Purchase History Selling Saved Searches Saved Sellers Messages. Refine your search for asus zenfone go zb452kg. All Listings - Current page. results for asus zenfone go zb452kg. Save asus zenfone go zb452kg to get e-mail alerts and updates on your eBay Feed.. Unfollow asus zenfone go zb452kg to stop getting updates on your eBay Feed.. You'll receive email and Feed alerts when new items arrive. Afghanistan - AFG Albania - ALB Algeria - DZA American Samoa - ASM Andorra - AND Angola - AGO Anguilla - AIA Antigua and Barbuda - ATG Argentina - ARG Armenia - ARM Aruba - ABW Australia - AUS Austria - AUT Azerbaijan Republic - AZE Bahamas - BHS Bahrain - BHR Bangladesh - BGD Barbados - BRB Belarus - BLR Belgium - BEL Belize - BLZ Benin - BEN Bermuda - BMU Bhutan - BTN Bolivia - BOL Bosnia and Herzegovina - BIH Botswana - BWA Brazil - BRA British Virgin Islands - VGB Brunei Darussalam - BRN Bulgaria - BGR Burkina Faso - BFA Burma - MMR Burundi - BDI Cambodia - KHM Cameroon - CMR Canada - CAN Cape Verde Islands - CPV Cayman Islands - CYM Central African Republic - CAF Chad - TCD Chile - CHL China - CHN Colombia - COL Comoros - COM Congo, Democratic Republic of the - COD Congo, Republic of the - COG Cook Islands - COK Costa Rica - CRI Cote d Ivoire (Ivory Coast) - CIV Croatia, Republic of - HRV Cyprus - CYP Czech Republic - CZE Denmark - DNK Djibouti - DJI Dominica - DMA Dominican Republic - DOM Ecuador - ECU Egypt - EGY El Salvador - SLV Equatorial Guinea - GNQ Eritrea - ERI Estonia - EST Ethiopia - ETH Falkland Islands (Islas Malvinas) - FLK Fiji - FJI Finland - FIN France - FRA French Guiana - GUF French Polynesia - PYF Gabon Republic - GAB Gambia - GMB Georgia - GEO Germany - DEU Ghana - GHA Gibraltar - GIB Greece - GRC Greenland - GRL Grenada - GRD Guadeloupe - GLP Guam - GUM Guatemala - GTM Guernsey - GGY Guinea - GIN Guinea-Bissau - GNB Guyana - GUY Haiti - HTI Honduras - HND Hong Kong - HKG Hungary - HUN Iceland - ISL India - IND Indonesia - IDN Ireland - IRL Israel - ISR Italy - ITA Jamaica - JAM Japan - JPN Jersey - JEY Jordan - JOR Kazakhstan - KAZ Kenya - KEN Kiribati - KIR Korea, South - KOR Kuwait - KWT Kyrgyzstan - KGZ Laos - LAO Latvia - LVA Lebanon - LBN Liechtenstein - LIE Lithuania - LTU Luxembourg - LUX Macau - MAC Macedonia - MKD Madagascar - MDG Malawi - MWI Malaysia - MYS Maldives - MDV Mali - MLI Malta - MLT Marshall Islands - MHL Martinique - MTQ Mauritania - MRT Mauritius - MUS Mayotte - MYT Mexico - MEX Micronesia - FSM Moldova - MDA Monaco - MCO Mongolia - MNG Montenegro - MNE Montserrat - MSR Morocco - MAR Mozambique - MOZ Namibia - NAM Nauru - NRU Nepal - NPL Netherlands - NLD Netherlands Antilles - ANT New Caledonia - NCL New Zealand - NZL Nicaragua - NIC Niger - NER Nigeria - NGA Niue - NIU Norway - NOR Oman - OMN Pakistan - PAK Palau - PLW Panama - PAN Papua New Guinea - PNG Paraguay - PRY Peru - PER Philippines - PHL Poland - POL Portugal - PRT Puerto Rico - PRI Qatar - QAT Reunion - REU Romania - ROU Russian Federation - RUS Rwanda - RWA Saint Helena - SHN Saint Kitts-Nevis - KNA Saint Lucia - LCA Saint Pierre and Miquelon - SPM Saint Vincent and the Grenadines - VCT San Marino - SMR Saudi Arabia - SAU Senegal - SEN Serbia - SRB Seychelles - SYC Sierra Leone - SLE Singapore - SGP Slovakia - SVK Slovenia - SVN Solomon Islands - SLB Somalia - SOM South Africa - ZAF Spain - ESP Sri Lanka - LKA Suriname - SUR Swaziland - SWZ Sweden - SWE Switzerland - CHE Taiwan - TWN Tajikistan - TJK Tanzania - TZA Thailand - THA Togo - TGO Tonga - TON Trinidad and Tobago - TTO Tunisia - TUN Turkey - TUR Turkmenistan - TKM Turks and Caicos Islands - TCA Tuvalu - TUV Uganda - UGA Ukraine - UKR United Arab Emirates - ARE United Kingdom - UK United States - USA Uruguay - URU Uzbekistan - UZB Vanuatu - VUT Vatican City State - VAT Venezuela - VEN Vietnam - VNM Virgin Islands (U.S) - VIR Wallis and Futuna - WLF Western Sahara - ESH Western Samoa - WSM Yemen - YEM Zambia - ZMB Zimbabwe - ZWE. For Asus Zenfone Luxury Aluminum Metal Frame Mirror PC Back Cover Phone Case. Premium Tempered Glass LCD Screen Protector Film for Asus Zenfone 2 ZE551ML 5.5". Fashion Ultra Thin Slim PC Hard Matte Protector Back Case Cover For ASUS Series. Asus Zenfone Go 4.5 ZB452KG Case Soft Slim Fit Clear TPU Protection Back Cover. Fashion Soft Protective Cover Rubber TPU Skin Case For Asus Zenfone Go ZB452KG. For Asus Zenfone GO ZB452KG Eagle Flag Tower Wolf Heart Hard Cover Case. Real Tempered Glass LCD Screen Protector For Asus Zenfone Live ZB501KL 3 GO 5.0. Slim Clear Crystal Soft TPU Gel Case Cover Skin For Asus Zenfone Go ZB452KG 4.5". For Asus Zenfone Go ZB452KG 4.5" Hard Case Cover Stars Rose Angry Eye Cat Snake. For Asus Zenfone Go Live G500TG TV ZB551KL ZB452KG Zoom Leopard Flip Case Cover. For Asus Zenfone Go ZB452KG 2X Glass Film Batman Superman Mask Hard Case Cover. 3D Soft Case Cover Handmade Luxury Bling Jewelled Rhinestone Diamond Crystal #2. For ASUS Zenfone Phones Vintage Croco PU Leather Cover Hard Matte Back Slim Case. Soft Silicone 3D Squishy bear Fundas back Case Phone Cover for ASUS. New fashion Cartoon Flower Leather slots wallet pouch case skin cover #4 L. Ultra Thin Rubber Soft TPU Silicon TPU Embrossed Protective Case Cover For Asus. For ASUS ZenFone Crocodile Pattern Slim Leather Skin Case Hard Shockproof Cover. For ASUS Zenfone Serious Magnetic PU Leather Wallet Stand Card Case Cover Skins. Dynamic Liquid Glitter Quicksand Soft TPU Rubber Back Case Cover & neck strap #N. Luxury Flip Stand PU Leather Cover Wallet Case for Asus ZenFone 2 3 4 G0 Phone. For Asus ZenFone 2 3 4 GO Phone Luxury Flip Stand PU Leather Cover Wallet Case. Unique Slim Hard Protective Case Leather Skin Shockproof Cover For ASUS ZenFone. Fashion Stand Flip PU Leather Wallet Case Cover For Asus Zenfone Go ZB452KG 4.5. Wireless Bluetooth Earbud Headset For Asus Zenfone Go ZB452KG ZB500KL Cell Phone. Dual Port USB Car Charger For Asus Zenfone Go ZB452KG 6 A600CG Cell Phone. For Asus ZenFone 2 3 4 GO Phone Luxury Flip Stand PU Leather Cover Wallet Case. For ASUS Zenfone GO ZB452KG Oracle Bone Vein PU Leather Flip Wallet Case Cover. For ASUS Zenfone GO ZB452KG Diamond Vein PU Leather Flip Wallet Case Cover. For ASUS Zenfone GO ZB452KG Luxury Silk Vein PU Leather Flip Wallet Case Cover. For ASUS Zenfone GO ZB452KG Lafite Vein PU Leather Flip Wallet Case Cover. For ASUS Zenfone GO ZB452KG Wood Grain PU Leather Flip Wallet Case Cover. For Asus Zenfone Go TV ZB551KL ZB452KG Snap On Rubberized Matte hard case cover. For ASUS Zenfone Go ZB551KL ZB452KG Crystal Clear hard case back cover. For Asus Zenfone GO ZB452KG Hard Case Cover Flag Tower Wolf Eagle Heart. For Asus Zenfone Go ZB452KG Luxury Crocodile Snake PU Leather Hard Case Cover. For Asus Zenfone Go ZB452KG 4.5" Hard Case Cover Tower Animal Insect Cartoon. For Asus Zenfone Go ZB452KG 4.5" Halloween Hard Ring Stand Case Cover Mask Bat. For Asus Zenfone Go ZB452KG 4.5" Luxury Palace Flower PU Leather Case Cover Flip. Magnetic Flip Stand Card Wallet PU Leather Case Cover for Asus Zenfone Phones. For Asus Zenfone Go TV ZB551KL ZB452KG TPU matte Gel skin case cover. For Asus Zenfone Go ZB452KG Glass Film Hard Cover Case Batman Mask Superman. For ASUS Zenfone GO ZB452KG Suture Silk PU Leather Flip Wallet Case Cover. For ASUS Zenfone GO ZB452KG Bling Glittery PU Leather Flip Wallet Case Cover. Owl UK USA Stand Wallet Leather Flip Case Cover For Asus ZC520TL ZB551KL ZC500TG. Magnetic Wallet PU Leather Case Flip Cover For ASUS ZenFone 2 3 4 5 6 Go Live EB. Tempered Glass Screen Protector Protective Film For Asus ZenFone Selfie ZB500KL. For Asus Zenfone Go ZB452KG 4.5" Metal Mirror Bumper Framd Case Cover Armor Gold. For Asus Zenfone Go ZB452KG Tempered Glass Film Hard Ring Kickstand Cover Case. Shine Bling Clear Crystal Gems Diamonds Back TPU soft shell Case Cover Skin #B23. Retro Card Slots Wallet Case for Asus ZenFone 2 Laser ZE500KL Selfie ZD551KL. For Asus Zenfone Go ZB452KG 4.5" Crazy Horse PU Leather Case Cover Flip Wallet. For Asus Zenfone Go ZB452KG 4.5 Halloween Hard Case Cover Ghost Mask Bat Pumpkin. Fashion Diamonds Crystal Handmade Rhinestone Jewelled Flower Phone Case Cover V. 0.26mm 9H Tempered Glass Film for Asus Zenfone 2 5.5". eBay determines this price through a machine learned model of the product's sale prices within the last 90 days.. eBay determines trending price through a machine learned model of the product’s sale prices within the last 90 days. "New" refers to a brand-new, unused, unopened, undamaged item, and "Used" refers to an item that has been used previously.. Top Rated Plus Sellers with highest buyer ratings Returns, money back Ships in a business day with tracking Learn More. Top Rated Plus Sellers with highest buyer ratings Returns, money back Ships in a business day with tracking Learn More. Cell Phones, Smart Watches & Accessories. Cell Phone Cases, Covers & Skins. $ Enter minimum price to $ Enter maximum price. Please enter a minimum and/or maximum price before continuing.. Site Map Copyright © 1995-2018 eBay Inc. Accessibility , User Agreement , Privacy , Cookies and AdChoice Norton Secured - powered by Verisign. Amounts shown in italicized text are for items listed in currency other than U.S. dollars and are approximate conversions to U.S. dollars based upon Bloomberg's conversion rates. For more recent exchange rates, please use the Universal Currency Converter. Number of bids and bid amounts may be slightly out of date. See each listing for international shipping options and costs.. 
Asus Zenfone Go ZB452KG Price in Malaysia & Specs. Asus Zenfone Go ZB452KG Price in Malaysia & Specs. Last Update: Feb 26, 2018. [ Compare Specs ]. Top 3 Offers for Asus Zenfone Go ZB452KG See All Offers >>. Asus Zenfone Go ZB452KG 8GB (Blue). Asus Zenfone Go ZB452KG 4.5" 8GB (Red). Asus Zenfone Go ZB452KG 4.5" 8GB (Black). Network Bands: 2G & 3G. SIM: Dual SIM (Micro-SIM, dual stand-by). Weight: 125 g (4.41 oz). OS: Android OS, v5.1 (Lollipop). CPU: Quad-core 1.2 GHz Cortex-A7. Chipset: Qualcomm MSM8212 Snapdragon 200. Internal: 8 GB, 1 GB RAM. External Memory: microSD, up to 64 GB (dedicated slot). Battery: Removable Li-Po 2070 mAh battery. Colors: Lemon Yellow, Charcoal Black, Pearl White, Glacier Gray, Sheer Gold, Glamour Red, Silver Blue. 3G Speed: HSPA 21.1/5.76 Mbps. Wi-Fi: Wi-Fi 802.11 b/g/n, Wi-Fi Direct, hotspot. GPS: Yes, with A-GPS, GLONASS, BDS. Messaging: SMS(threaded view), MMS, Email, Push Email, IM. Primary: 5 MP or 8 MP, f/2.0, autofocus, LED flash. Secondary: VGA, f/2.8 or 2 MP, f/2.4. Feature: Geo-tagging, touch focus, face detection, HDR, panorama. IPS LCD capacitive touchscreen, 16M colors. 4.5 inches (~61.3% screen-to-body ratio) 480 x 854 pixels (~218 ppi pixel density). Alert Types: Vibration; MP3, WAV ringtones. The latest Asus Zenfone Go ZB452KG price in Malaysia market is range from RM 300.. The Asus Zenfone Go ZB452KG is powered by a Quad-core 1.2 GHz Cortex-A7 CPU processor with 1 GB RAM. The device also has 8 GB internal storage + microSD (up to 64 GB (dedicated slot)) and a 4.5-inch IPS LCD capacitive touchscreen (480 x 854 pixels, 218 ppi) display. It has a 8MP rear camera and supports Wifi, GPS and 3G. It packs in a Removable Li-Po 2070 mAh battery at 11.2mm device thickness and weight 125g, running on Android OS, v5.1 (Lollipop).. *Features and specifications are subject to change without prior notification.. Asus Zenfone Go ZB452KG , Asus Zenfone Go ZB452KG Malaysia , Asus Zenfone Go ZB452KG Malaysia price , Asus Zenfone Go ZB452KG specs , Asus Zenfone Go ZB452KG review , Asus Zenfone Go ZB452KG features , Asus Zenfone Go ZB452KG Malaysia release date , Asus Zenfone Go ZB452KG Malaysia launch , Asus Zenfone Go ZB452KG announce. Samsung Galaxy S9 and S9+ official 1 March 2018 pre-order details revealed. New Hotlink Postpaid Flex revealed and allows you to customize your own Unlimited bundles, starting at RM30. MWC 2018: Nokia bursts out five brand new smartphones with a starting price of ~RM333 (updated). New Huawei P20 and P20 Plus image render leaked, as well as P20 Pro tech-specs. Last Updated: Feb 26, 2018. Last Updated: Feb 26, 2018. Last Updated: Feb 26, 2018. Last Updated: Feb 26, 2018. Huawei Mate 10 Pro is now world's first AI-driven smartphone to drive a car. Sony Xperia XZ2 and XZ2 Compact leak with a new 3D glass back design, coming to MWC with Qualcomm Snapdragon 845?. MWC 2018: Nokia bursts out five brand new smartphones with a starting price of ~RM333 (updated). Asus Zenfone 4 Max Pro ZC554KL. Asus Zenfone Go ZB452KG 8GB (Blue). Asus Zenfone Go ZB452KG 4.5" 8GB (Red). Asus Zenfone Go ZB452KG 4.5" 8GB (Black). Asus Zenfone Go ZB452KG best price in Malaysia and relevant gadgets. Get the Samsung Galaxy J3, OPPO F5 or the Huawei Nova 2i from only RM88 from Celcom. ASUS ZenFone 5 ZE620KL with 6.2-inch full view display + notch spotted live? [Update] tech specs too. All Samsung Galaxy S9 and S9+ tech specs, features and pricing (from ~RM4399) leaked? [Update] hands-on pics!. Sony Xperia XA2 Ultra review - A selfie phone for premium users. Another 5 days until the ASUS ZenFone 5 series unveil at MWC 2018. 
The next video is starting stop. ASUS ZENFONE GO (ZB452KG)- UNBOXING AND REVIEW (@5299 only). Want to watch this again later?. Sign in to add this video to a playlist.. Sign in to report inappropriate content.. Sign in to make your opinion count.. Sign in to make your opinion count.. The interactive transcript could not be loaded.. Rating is available when the video has been rented.. This feature is not available right now. Buy Now From Flipkart http://fkrt.it/oV3UEuuuuN In this video i will be showing you the unboxing for the asus zenfone go (ZB452KG) which was reeleased in april at Rs5299 only /- i have also done a short review for this phone and also its camera. -~-~~-~~~-~~-~- Please watch: "How To Hack Any Android Apps to get Free In-App Purchases | How to Remove Google Ads From Apps" https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0RONp... When autoplay is enabled, a suggested video will automatically play next.. Review Asus ZenFone Go ZB452KG (unboxing, design, review, camera). Unboxing # 1: ASUS Zenfone Go (ZB452KG). unbox & first impression ASUS ZENFONE GO ZB500KL. Asus Zenfone GO (ZB551KL) - Review. Unboxing asus zenfone go zb452kg indonesia,android sejutaan yang lumayan. AnTuTu test - Asus ZenFone Go vs Samsung Galaxy E5 vs Sony Xperia E4. How to Update Android Marshmallow 6.0.1 in Asus Zenfone Phones. 10 SIMPLE LIFE HACKS WITH SMARTPHONE. The Super Smartphone You've Never Heard Of.... Asus Zenfone Go 4.5 2nd Gen - Unboxing review. Asus Zenfone Max Screen Scratch Test Gorilla Glass 4. Hard Reset Asus Zenfone Go X014D. Zenfone Go : ZB452KG ISP Video. UNBOXING - Zenfone Go (2016) ZB452KG - ID. Review ASUS ZENFONE GO 2 - ZC500TG - Bahasa Indonesia - PART 1. Asus ZenFone Go (ZC500TG) Unboxing & First Look. ZenFone Go 4.5 (ZB452KG) Full Specification and Features. ROOT ASUS ZENFONE GO Z00VD. Asus Zenfone 3 - Unboxing & First Look! (4K). Sign in to add this to Watch Later. 
You don't have permission to access /specifications/asus-zenfone-go-zb452kg/. 
Home › Asus › Zenfone Go ZB452KG Asus Zenfone Go ZB452KG - Specifications. Most recent comparisons including Asus Zenfone Go ZB452KG List of the latest comparisons made by the website visitors, which include Asus Zenfone Go ZB452KG Last viewed devices List of mobile devices, whose specifications have been recently viewed.. Width Height Thickness Weight Write a review. Specifications Display Camera CPU Battery Prices 1. Dimensions : 66.7 x 136.5 x 11.2 mm Weight : 125 g SoC : Qualcomm Snapdragon 200 MSM8212 CPU : ARM Cortex-A7, 1200 MHz, Cores : 4 GPU : Qualcomm Adreno 302 RAM : 1 GB Storage : 8 GB Memory cards : microSD, microSDHC, microSDXC Display : 4.5 in, TFT, 480 x 854 pixels, 24 bit Battery : 2070 mAh, Li-Polymer OS : Android 5.1 Lollipop Camera : 3264 x 2448 pixels, 1280 x 720 pixels, 30 fps SIM card : Micro-SIM Wi-Fi : b, g, n, Wi-Fi Hotspot, Wi-Fi Direct USB : 2.0, Micro USB Bluetooth : 4.0 Positioning : GPS, A-GPS, GLONASS, BeiDou. Brand and model Information about the brand, model and model alias (if any) of a specific device. Brand Asus Model Zenfone Go ZB452KG Model alias ZB452KG Design Information about the dimensions and weight of the device, shown in different measurement units. Width 66.7 mm (millimeters) 6.67 cm (centimeters) 0.22 ft (feet) 2.63 in (inches) Height 136.5 mm (millimeters) 13.65 cm (centimeters) 0.45 ft (feet) 5.37 in (inches) Thickness 11.2 mm (millimeters) 1.12 cm (centimeters) 0.04 ft (feet) 0.44 in (inches) Weight 125 g (grams) 0.28 lbs (pounds) 4.41 oz (ounces) Volume 101.97 cm³ (cubic centimeters) 6.19 in³ (cubic inches) Colors Black White Blue Gray Gold Red Yellow Body materials Plastic SIM card The Subscriber Identity Module (SIM) is used in mobile devices for storing data authenticating the subscribers of mobile services. SIM card type Micro-SIM (3FF - third form factor, since 2003, 15.00 x 12.00 x 0.76 mm) Number of SIM cards 2 SIM1 - 2G; 3G SIM2 - 2G; 3G Networks A mobile (cellular) network is a radio system, which allows a large number of mobile devices to communicate with each other. GSM GSM 850 MHz GSM 900 MHz GSM 1800 MHz GSM 1900 MHz UMTS UMTS 800 MHz UMTS 850 MHz UMTS 900 MHz UMTS 1900 MHz UMTS 2100 MHz Mobile network technologies and bandwidth Communication between devices within mobile networks is realized via various generations of network technologies, which provide different bandwidth. Mobile network technologies UMTS (384 kbit/s ) EDGE GPRS Class 12 (32-48 kbit/s , 32-48 kbit/s ) HSPA+ Operating system Operating system is the system software, which manages and controls the functioning of the hardware components of the device. Operating system (OS) Android 5.1 Lollipop User interface (UI) ZenUI System on Chip (SoC) A system on a chip (SoC) includes into a single chip some of the main hardware components of the mobile device. SoC Qualcomm Snapdragon 200 MSM8212 Process technology 28 nm (nanometers) CPU ARM Cortex-A7 CPU bits 32 bit Instruction set ARMv7 Level 2 cache memory (L2) 1024 KB (kilobytes) 1 MB (megabytes) CPU cores 4 CPU frequency 1200 MHz (megahertz) GPU Qualcomm Adreno 302 RAM capacity 1 GB (gigabytes) Storage Every mobile device has a built-in storage (internal memory) with a fixed capacity. Storage 8 GB (gigabytes) Memory cards Memory cards are used in mobile devices for expanding their external storage capacity. Types microSD microSDHC microSDXC Display The display of a mobile device is characterized by its technology, resolution, pixel density, diagonal length, color depth, etc. Type/technology TFT Diagonal size 4.5 in (inches) 114.3 mm (millimeters) 11.43 cm (centimeters) Width 2.2 in (inches) 56 mm (millimeters) 5.6 cm (centimeters) Height 3.92 in (inches) 99.64 mm (millimeters) 9.96 cm (centimeters) Aspect ratio 1.779:1 Resolution 480 x 854 pixels Pixel density 218 ppi (pixels per inch) 85 ppcm (pixels per centimeter) Color depth 24 bit 16777216 colors Display area 61.49 % (percent) Other features Capacitive Multi-touch Scratch resistant Sensors Different sensors measure different physical quantities and convert them into signals recognizable by the mobile device. Sensors Proximity Light Accelerometer Compass Primary camera The primary camera of the mobile device is usually placed at its back and is used for taking photos and recording videos. Sensor type CMOS (complementary metal-oxide semiconductor) Aperture f/2.0 Flash type LED Image resolution 3264 x 2448 pixels 7.99 MP (megapixels) Video resolution 1280 x 720 pixels 0.92 MP (megapixels) Video FPS 30 fps (frames per second) Features Autofocus Continuous shooting Digital zoom Geotagging Panorama HDR Touch focus Face detection White balance settings ISO settings Exposure compensation Self-timer Scene mode 5 MP - market dependent Secondary camera Secondary cameras are placed above the screen of the device and are usually used for video calls, gesture recognition, etc. Aperture f/2.4 Image resolution 1600 x 1200 pixels 1.92 MP (megapixels) 0.3 MP - market dependent Audio Information about the type of speakers and the audio technologies supported by the device. Speaker Loudspeaker Earpiece Radio The radio in a mobile device is a built-in FM radio receiver. Radio Yes Tracking/Positioning Information about the positioning and navigation technologies supported by the device. Tracking/Positioning GPS A-GPS GLONASS BeiDou Wi-Fi Wi-Fi is a technology that provides wireless data connections between various devices within a short range. Wi-Fi 802.11b (IEEE 802.11b-1999) 802.11g (IEEE 802.11g-2003) 802.11n (IEEE 802.11n-2009) Wi-Fi Hotspot Wi-Fi Direct Bluetooth Bluetooth is a standard for secure wireless data transfer between different types of devices over short distances. Version 4.0 Features A2DP (Advanced Audio Distribution Profile) EDR (Enhanced Data Rate) USB The Universal Serial Bus (USB) is an industry standard that allows different electronic devices to exchange data. Connector type Micro USB Version 2.0 Features Charging Mass storage Headphone jack The headphone jack is an audio phone connector, a.k.a. The most widely used one in mobile devices is the 3.5 mm headphone jack. Headphone jack Yes Connectivity Information about other important connectivity technologies supported by the devices. Connectivity Computer sync OTA sync Tethering Browser A web browser is a software application for accessing, fetching, displaying and navigating through information on the World Wide Web. Browser HTML HTML5 CSS 3 Audio file formats/codecs Mobile devices support various audio file formats and codecs, which respectively store and code/decode digital audio data. Audio file formats/codecs AAC (Advanced Audio Coding) AMR / AMR-NB / GSM-AMR (Adaptive Multi-Rate, .amr, .3ga) eAAC+ / aacPlus v2 / HE-AAC v2 FLAC (Free Lossless Audio Codec, .flac) MIDI MP3 (MPEG-2 Audio Layer II, .mp3) OGG (.ogg, .ogv, .oga, .ogx, .spx, .opus) WMA (Windows Media Audio, .wma) WAV (Waveform Audio File Format, .wav, .wave) Video file formats/codecs Mobile devices support various video file formats and codecs, which respectively store and code/decode digital video data. Video file formats/codecs 3GPP (3rd Generation Partnership Project, .3gp) AVI (Audio Video Interleaved, .avi) MPEG-4 Xvid Battery The batteries of mobile devices differ in capacity and technology. They provide the electrical charge needed for the functioning of the devices. Capacity 2070 mAh (milliampere-hours) Type Li-Polymer. Brand name of the company that manufactures the device.. Аlternative names, under which the model is known.. the horizontal side of the device when it is used in its standard orientation.. the vertical side of the device when it is used in its standard orientation.. Information about the thickness/depth of the device in different measurement units.. Information about the weight of the device in different measurement units.. Estimated volume of the device, calculated from the dimensions provided by the manufacturer. Applies for devices in the form of a rectangular parallelepiped.. Information about the colors, in which the device is available in the market.. Materials used in the fabrication of the device's body.. Information about the type and size (form factor) of the SIM card used in the device.. Information about the number of SIM cards, supported by the device.. GSM (Global System for Mobile Communications) was developed to replace the analog cellular network (1G), therefore it is referred to as a 2G mobile network. It has been improved with the addition of General Packet Radio Services (GPRS) and later via the Enhanced Data rates for GSM Evolution (EDGE) technology.. UMTS stands for Universal Mobile Telecommunications System. Based on the GSM standard, it is deemed as a 3G mobile network standard. It has been developed by the 3GPP and its major advantage is the provision of greater bandwidth and spectral efficiency, due to the W-CDMA technology.. There are several network technologies that enhance the performance of mobile networks mainly by increased data bandwidth. Information about the communication technologies supported by the device and their respective uplink and downlink bandwidth.. Information about the operating system used by the device as well as its version.. Name and version of the user interface (UI) used by the operating system (OS).. The SoC integrates different hardware components such as the CPU, GPU, memory, peripherals, interfaces, etc., as well as software for their functioning.. Information about the process technology used in manufacturing the chip. The value in nanometers represents half the distance between elements that make up the CPU.. CPU is the Central Processing Unit or the processor of a mobile device. Its main function is to interpret and execute instructions contained in software applications.. The CPU bits are determined by the bit-size of the processor registers, address buses and data buses. 64-bit CPUs provide better performance than 32-bit ones, which on their part perform better than 16-bit processors.. The instruction set architecture (ISA) is a set of commands used by the software to manage the CPU's work. Information about the set of instructions the processor can execute.. The L2 (level 2) cache memory is slower than L1, but has a larger capacity, instead, which allows it to cache more data. Just like L1, it is much faster than the system memory (RAM). If the CPU does not find the data needed in L2, it proceeds to look for them in the L3 cache memory (if there is such) or in the RAM.. A CPU core is the processor unit, which executes software instructions. Presently, besides single-core processors, there are dual-core, quad-core, hexa-core and so on multi-core processors. They increase the performance of the device allowing the execution of multiple instructions in parallel.. The frequency of the processor describes its clock rate in cycles per second. It is measured in Megahertz (MHz) or Gigahertz (GHz).. GPU is a graphical processing unit, which handles computation for 2D/3D graphics applications. In mobile devices GPU is usually utilized by games, UI, video playback, etc. GPU can also perform computation in applications traditionally handled by the CPU.. RAM (Random-Access Memory) is used by the operating system and all installed applications. Data in the RAM is lost after the device is turned off or restarted.. Information about the capacity of the built-in storage of the device. Sometimes one and the same model may is offered in variants with different internal storage capacity.. The various types of memory cards are characterized by different sizes and capacity. Information about the supported types of memory cards.. One of the main characteristics of the display is its type/technology, on which depends its performance.. In mobile devices display size is represented by the length of its diagonal measured in inches.. The ratio between the long and the short side of the display. The display resolution shows the number of pixels on the horizontal and vertical side of the screen. The higher the resolution is, the greater the detail of the displayed content.. Information about the number of pixels per centimeter (ppcm) or per inch (ppi) of the display. The higher the pixel density, the more detailed and clearer is the information displayed on the screen.. The color depth of the display is also known as bit depth. It shows the number of bits used for the color components of one pixel. Information about the maximum number of colors the screen can display.. The estimated percentage of the screen area from the device's front area.. Information about other functions and features of the display.. Sensors vary in type and purpose. They increase the overall functionality of the device, in which they are integrated.. Digital cameras use image sensors for taking photos. The sensor characteristics are some of the main factors determining the quality of the camera integrated in the mobile device.. Aperture (f-stop number) indicates the size of the lens diaphragm opening, which controls the amount of light reaching the image sensor. The lower the f-stop number, the larger the diaphragm opening is.. Cameras of mobile devices use mainly a LED or a Xenon flash. The LED flash has a softer burst of light and in contrast to the much brighter Xenon flash, is used for recording videos as well.. One of the main characteristics of the cameras of mobile devices is their resolution, which shows the number of pixels on the horizontal and vertical dimensions of the image.. Information about the maximum resolution available for shooting a video with the device.. Information about the maximum number of frames per second (fps), supported by the device while recording a video at maximum resolution. Some of the main standard frame rates for recording and playing video are 24p, 25p, 30p, 60p.. Information about additional software and hardware features of the privamery camera, which improve its overall performance.. Aperture (f-stop number) indicates the size of the lens diaphragm opening, which controls the amount of light reaching the image sensor. The lower the f-stop number, the larger the diaphragm opening is.. Information about the maximum image resolution of the secondary camera. Often, the resolution of the secondary camera is lower than the one of the primary camera.. The loudspeaker is a device, which reproduces various sounds such as ring tones, alarms, music, voice calls, etc. Information about the type of speakers the device uses.. Information whether the device has an FM radio receiver or not.. The tracking/positioning service is provided by various satellite navigation systems, which track the autonomous geo-spatial positioning of the device that supports them. The most common satellite navigation systems are the GPS and the GLONASS. There are also non-satellite technologies for locating mobile devices such as the Enhanced Observed Time Difference, Enhanced 911, GSM Cell ID.. Wi-Fi communication between devices is realized via the IEEE 802.11 standards. Some devices have the possibility to serve as Wi-Fi Hotspots by providing internet access for other nearby devices. Wi-Fi Direct (Wi-Fi P2P) is another useful standard that allows devices to communicate with each other without the need for wireless access point (WAP).. The technology has several versions, which improve the connection speed, range, connectivity and discoverability of the devices. Information about the Bluetooth version of the device.. Bluetooth uses various profiles and protocols related to faster exchange of data, energy saving, better device discoverability, etc. Some of those supported by the device are listed here.. There are several USB connector types: the Standard one, the Mini and Micro connectors, On-The-Go connectors, etc. Type of the USB connector used by the device.. There are several versions of the Universal Serial Bus (USB) standard: USB 1.0 (1996), the USB 2.0 (2000), the USB 3.0 (2008), etc. With each following version the rate of data transfer is increased.. Тhe USB interface in mobile devices may be used for different purposes such as battery charging, using the device as a mass storage, host, etc.. Information whether the device is equipped with a 3.5 mm audio jack.. Information about some of the most widely used connectivity technologies supported by the device.. Information about some of the features and standards supported by the browser of the device.. List of some of the most common audio file formats and codecs supported standardly by the device.. List of some of the most common video file formats and codecs supported standardly by the device.. The capacity of a battery shows the maximum charge, which it can store, measured in mili-Ampere hours.. The battery type is determined by its structure and more specifically, by the chemicals used in it. There are different battery types and some of the most commonly used in mobile devices are the lithium-ion (Li-Ion) and the lithium-ion polymer battery (Li-Polymer).. Provide information about, which of the published data you want to be edited as well as a reliable source, which confirms the accuracy of the information you suggest *. Enter the characters from the image: *. Dimensions : 66.7 x 136.5 x 11.2 mm Weight : 125 g SoC : Qualcomm Snapdragon 200 MSM8212 CPU : ARM Cortex-A7, 1200 MHz, Cores : 4 GPU : Qualcomm Adreno 302 RAM : 1 GB Storage : 8 GB Display : 4.5 in, TFT, 480 x 854 pixels, 24 bit Battery : 2070 mAh, Li-Polymer OS : Android 5.1 Lollipop Camera : 3264 x 2448 pixels, 1280 x 720 pixels, 30 fps. The information on this website is provided on "as is, as available basis" without warranty of any kind. DeviceSpecifications is not responsible for any omissions, inaccuracies or other errors in the information it publishes. All warranties with respect to this information are disclaimed. Reproduction of any part of this website in its entirety or partially or in any form or medium without prior written permission is prohibited. The trademarks, marques and logos of the manufacturers of devices, software, hardware, etc. are the property of their respective owners.. 
Find a Store for Local Pricing and Availability. Asus ZenFone Go ZB452KG Cell Phone Chargers. Cell phones today are more than just a way to talk to other people – they’re practically all-in-one electronic devices. You likely use your phone to send text messages, listen to music, and play games on a daily basis, to name just a few. All of these activities have one thing in common: they quickly drain your phone’s battery. Batteries Plus Bulbs can help you keep your phone charged and ready to go with our selection of Asus ZenFone Go ZB452KG chargers.. Related Products for "Asus ZenFone Go ZB452KG Cell Phone Chargers". 1 - 7 of 7 | View. Plugs into any standard wall outlet (110V). 3 foot micro USB connector cord included. 2 USB ports (1 amp & 2.1 amp). Black Micro USB Charger For Asus ZenFone Go ZB452KG Cell Phone. Ideal for charging Android phones and tablets. Connect your PC peripherals such as hard drives, printers, and more. Black Micro USB Cable for Asus ZenFone Go ZB452KG Cell Phone. 3 foot Micro-USB to USB cord. 3 amp DC with two USB ports: one 2.1 amp and one 1 amp output. DC Micro-USB Charger for Asus ZenFone Go ZB452KG Cell Phone. Black Keychain Micro-USB Charge Cable for Asus ZenFone Go ZB452KG Cell Phone. Very durable and flexible 5 inch cable. Green USB to Micro-USB 5 Inch Charge Cable for Asus ZenFone Go ZB452KG Cell Phone. Green Keychain Micro-USB Charge Cable for Asus ZenFone Go ZB452KG Cell Phone. Back up power for any device using a USB power cord. Provides up to 7 hours of runtime. External Battery Pack Charger Asus ZenFone Go ZB452KG Cell Phone. Chemistry: Nickel Cadmium, Nickel Metal Hydride. We stock AC, DC, and USB Chargers for your Asus ZenFone Go ZB452KG cell phone so that you can keep your phone going no matter where you are. Use your DC charger to power your phone through your car during a long commute, then switch to the USB you keep on your desk at work. Stuck in an airport? Keep a spare AC charger to plug into any standard 110-120VAC wall outlet. Thanks to our versatile selection, you never have to fear a dead cell phone battery again.. Chargers are a phone’s best friend, but occasionally you’ll find yourself somewhere where you’re completely unable to charge your phone. Batteries Plus Bulbs has you covered there, too. We’ve got portable battery packs that can provide emergency power to your Asus ZenFone Go ZB452KG phone in a pinch.. We strive to provide the best price available on BatteriesPlus.com and in our stores. Store pricing may vary from the price advertised on BatteriesPlus.com. Fees may apply for recycling, environmental disposal, and/or labor/installation.. All registered trademarks are the property of their respective owners. Duracell is a registered trademark of Duracell U.S. 
Dialcom - Mobile Phone Price In Sri Lanka. Mon - Sat : 09.30 am - 07.30pm | sun : 09.30 am - 04.30 pm (KOLLUPITIYA). LKR 0.00 LKR 11,900. GSM 850 / 900 / 1800 / 1900 - SIM 1 & SIM 2. HSDPA 850 / 900 / 1900 / 2100. 136.5 x 66.7 x 11.2 mm (5.37 x 2.63 x 0.44 in). IPS LCD capacitive touchscreen, 16M colors. 480 x 854 pixels (~218 ppi pixel density). microSD, up to 64 GB (dedicated slot). 5 MP or 8 MP, f/2.0, autofocus, LED flash. Geo-tagging, touch focus, face detection, HDR, panorama. VGA, f/2.8 or 2 MP, f/2.4. Wi-Fi 802.11 b/g/n, Wi-Fi Direct, hotspot. SMS(threaded view), MMS, Email, Push Email, IM. Lemon Yellow, Charcoal Black, Pearl White, Glacier Gray, Sheer Gold, Glamour Red, Silver Blue. Disclaimer - We can not guarantee that the information on this page is 100% correct. If you think that any information for the current phone is wrong or missing, please contact us .. Dialcom © 1999 - All rights Reserved. Please fill in the required information below and click on Order button.. 
Hi ( Sign in to bid or buy) Daily Deals Gift Cards Help & Contact Sell. Summary Recently Viewed Bids/Offers Watch List Purchase History Selling Saved Searches Saved Sellers Messages. People who viewed this item also viewed. For Asus Zenfone Go ZB452KG X014D LCD Display + Touch Screen Digitizer Assembly. New Black Asus Zenfone Go ZB452KG Touch Digitizer Glass+LCD Display Assembly. 5" Asus ZenFone Go ZB500KG X00BD LCD Display Touch Screen Digitizer Assembly #88. LCD Touch Screen Digitizer Full Assembly 4.5" For Asus ZenFone Go ZB452KG X014D. Perfect Full LCD Touch Screen Display Assembly For Asus ZenFone Go ZB452KG X014D. 4.5" Asus Zenfone GO ZB452KG Touch Digitizer Glass+Lcd Display Assembly. Photos not available for this variation. Mouse over to Zoom - Click to enlarge. 4.5" Asus Zenfone GO ZB452KG Touch Digitizer Glass+Lcd Display Assembly. Share on Facebook - opens in a new window or tab. Share on Twitter - opens in a new window or tab. Share on Pinterest - opens in a new window or tab. Ships in a business day with tracking. - opens in a new window or tab Learn more. focus*part has no other items for sale.. Please enter a quantity of $qty_dummy$ or less. Please enter a quantity of 1. Purchases are limited to $qty_dummy$ per buyer. Please enter quantity of 1 or more. Choose quantity that is less than $qty_dummy1$ or equal to $qty_dummy$. You can only choose quantity that is equal to $qty_dummy$. Approximately US $22.22 (including shipping). See details about international shipping here. help icon for Shipping - opens a layer. Items shipping internationally may be subject to customs processing depending on the item's declared value.. Sellers set the item's declared value and must comply with customs declaration laws.. Buyers may be subject to additional charges for customs clearance.. Visit eBay's page on international trade .. help icon for Shipping - opens a layer. This amount includes applicable customs duties, taxes, brokerage and other fees. This amount is subject to change until you make payment. For additional information, see the Global Shipping Program terms and conditions - opens in a new window or tab. This amount includes applicable customs duties, taxes, brokerage and other fees. This amount is subject to change until you make payment. If you reside in an EU member state besides UK, import VAT on this purchase is not recoverable. For additional information, see the Global Shipping Program terms and conditions - opens in a new window or tab. No additional import charges on delivery. Seller ships within 1 day after receiving cleared payment - opens in a new window or tab. help icon for Estimated delivery date - opens a layer. Estimated delivery dates - opens in a new window or tab include seller's handling time, origin ZIP Code, destination ZIP Code and time of acceptance and will depend on shipping service selected and receipt of cleared payment - opens in a new window or tab. Delivery times may vary, especially during peak periods.. Please note the delivery estimate is greater than 10 business days.. Any international shipping and import charges are paid in part to Pitney Bowes Inc. Learn More - opens in a new window or tab. International shipping and import charges paid to Pitney Bowes Inc. Learn More - opens in a new window or tab. Any international shipping and import charges are paid in part to Pitney Bowes Inc. Learn More - opens in a new window or tab. International shipping paid to Pitney Bowes Inc. Learn More - opens in a new window or tab. Any international shipping is paid in part to Pitney Bowes Inc. Learn More - opens in a new window or tab. Covered by eBay Money Back Guarantee. See details - opens in a new window or tab. Get the item you ordered or get your money back. Covers your purchase price and original shipping.. Report item - opens in a new window or tab. Seller assumes all responsibility for this listing.. Touch Digiziter + Lcd Display Assembly. New: A brand-new, unused, unopened, undamaged item in its original packaging (where packaging is. Packaging should be the same as what is found in a retail store, unless the item is handmade or was packaged by the manufacturer in non-retail packaging, such as an unprinted box or plastic bag. See the seller's listing for full details. See all condition definitions - opens in a new window or tab. Seller assumes all responsibility for this listing.. This item will ship to Singapore , but the seller has not specified shipping options. Contact the seller - opens in a new window or tab and request a shipping method to your location.. Please enter a valid ZIP Code.. Excludes: Africa, Central America and Caribbean, South America, Albania, Andorra, Austria, Belarus, Cyprus, Gibraltar, Guernsey, Iceland, Jersey, Liechtenstein, Moldova, Monaco, Montenegro, San Marino, Serbia, Svalbard and Jan Mayen, Vatican City State, Brunei Darussalam, Cambodia, Indonesia, Laos, Macau, Philippines, Taiwan, Vietnam, Bermuda, Greenland, Mexico, Saint Pierre and Miquelon, Bahrain, Iraq, Jordan, Kuwait, Lebanon, Oman, Qatar, Turkey, United Arab Emirates, Yemen, Afghanistan, Armenia, Azerbaijan Republic, Bangladesh, Bhutan, China, Georgia, India, Kazakhstan, Kyrgyzstan, Maldives, Mongolia, Nepal, Pakistan, Tajikistan, Turkmenistan, Uzbekistan, American Samoa, Cook Islands, Fiji, French Polynesia, Guam, Kiribati, Marshall Islands, Micronesia, Nauru, New Caledonia, New Zealand, Niue, Palau, Papua New Guinea, Solomon Islands, Tonga, Tuvalu, Vanuatu, Wallis and Futuna, Western Samoa. No additional import charges at delivery!. This item will be shipped through the Global Shipping Program and includes international tracking. Learn more - opens in a new window or tab. Please enter a number less than or equal to 19.. Please enter a valid ZIP Code.. Please enter 5 or 9 numbers for the ZIP Code.. Economy Shipping (Economy Shipping from China/Hong Kong/Taiwan to worldwide (11 to 35 business days)). Seller ships within 1 day after receiving cleared payment - opens in a new window or tab .. Standard Shipping (Standard Shipping from China/Hong Kong/Taiwan to worldwide (7 to 19 business days)). Seller ships within 1 day after receiving cleared payment - opens in a new window or tab .. * Estimated delivery dates - opens in a new window or tab include seller's handling time, origin ZIP Code, destination ZIP Code and time of acceptance and will depend on shipping service selected and receipt of cleared payment - opens in a new window or tab. Delivery times may vary, especially during peak periods.. Will usually ship within 1 business day of receiving cleared payment - opens in a new window or tab .. After receiving the item, contact seller within. 1.Return is accepted.If this item is defective or DOA. 2.Delivery fees will not be refunded. 3.Unused/unopened merchandise will be fully credited.Open box merchandise is subject to a 30% Restocking fee. Immediate payment required for this item. Immediate payment of GBP 15.90 is required.. This is a private listing and your identity will not be disclosed to anyone except the seller.. LCD Screens for ASUS ZenFone 5 ,. Screen Digitizers for ASUS ZenFone 5 ,. Screen Digitizers for ASUS ZenFone 4 ,. LCD Screens for ASUS ZenFone 4 ,. Unbranded/Generic LCD Screens for ASUS ZenFone 5 ,. Unbranded/Generic LCD Screens for ASUS ZenFone 4. Site Map Copyright © 1995-2018 eBay Inc. Accessibility , User Agreement , Privacy , Cookies and AdChoice Norton Secured - powered by Verisign. 
Samsung Galaxy S9 OnePlus 5T Huawei Mate 10 Google Pixel 2 OnePlus 5. LG K10 (2018) Samsung Galaxy S9 Elephone S8 HTC U11 Eyes Honor 9 Lite. Samsung Galaxy S9 OnePlus 5T Huawei Mate 10 Google Pixel 2 OnePlus 5. Buy and sell gently used phones. Asus Zenfone Go Questions & Answers. Unbrick ASUS ZENFONE GO (ZB452KG) by gambit2042. Asus Zenfone Go Questions & Answers Asus Zenfone Go Real Life Review Asus Zenfone Go Guides, News, & Discussion Asus Zenfone Go ROMs, Kernels, Recoveries, & Other Development Asus Zenfone Go Themes, Apps, and Mods. Samsung Galaxy S9 and Galaxy S9+ are Official: Specifications, Features, Prices, and Availability. LineageOS 15.1 Feature List Overview with Screenshots and Video. LineageOS 15.1 based on Android 8.1 Oreo has been officially announced. The Best Weather App is on Sale, Get Today Weather for $2.49. Exclusive: the Xiaomi Mi Max 3 is coming with Wireless Charging and Possibly an Iris Scanner. Xiaomi Redmi Note 5 and Redmi Note 5 Pro Forums Are Now Open for Posting. Unofficial LineageOS 15.1 brings Android 8.1 Oreo Go Edition to First Generation Android One Devices. Take Control of your Phone’s Rotation with “Rotation” Orientation Manager. Customize Samsung Experience 9.0 and Android Oreo on the Samsung Galaxy S8/S8+ with this Xposed Module. MX Player is Recruiting Users for a New Private Beta Testing Program. Dreaming Battery is a Minimalist Screensaver for Displaying your Battery Level. Having troubles with your Ad Blocker? This app adds a Quick Settings tile for easy Ad Block toggling. Guest Quick Reply (no urls or BBcode). The following errors occurred with your submission. By gambit2042 , Junior Member on 17th June 2016, 04:42 PM. First i want to apologize for my english and if i made a mistake posting a new thread. I own an ASUS Zenfone GO (ZB452KG) and i tried to root it, now it's bricked it. The phone it opens and get stuck on the bootloader. The device is seen by fastboot, but i can't flash anything, it get stuck on writting... The original firmware for device don't contain recovery.img, only boot.img, any suggestion to flash a recovery to use adb sideload to unbrick my phone?. Honor 8 Pro and Honor 9 Now Officially Receiving the Android Oreo Update >. Honor 8 Pro and Honor 9 receive AOSP Android Oreo ROMs thanks to Project Treble >. [Results are in] Honor Let the XDA Community Decide Which Intelligent Scenes Will be Added to their AI Camera >. Join Date: Joined: Nov 2015. Join Date: Joined: Nov 2015. Join Date: Joined: Sep 2015. My Devices: Xiaomi Redmi 2 , Samsung Galaxy J5 , Xiaomi Redmi Note 4. Hello , see here for your Problem ;. If you still wanna root then , see here. Join Date: Joined: Sep 2016. Join Date: Joined: Nov 2015. thank you for your help, but my model is an MSM device, not a processor powerd by intel. Join Date: Joined: Mar 2016. Search guides by chipset here https://boycracked.com/flashing/. Sent from my Redmi Note 2 using Tapatalk. Join Date: Joined: Oct 2016. Asus ZB452KG on Qualcomm HS-USB QDLoader 9008. Does anyone know if this phone can be revived through QPST Software, is powered by a MSM8212 Snapdragon 200, i searched the raw firmware for this phone, but no success.. Join Date: Joined: Nov 2016. asus zenfone go x014d can't enter to recovery mode. hello, anyone who can help me,. i use asus zenfone go x014d, i try to flash twrp recovery via rashr aplication from playstore, and then my phone can't enter to twrp or stock recovery again, only asus logo that shown,. but my phon still can booting to OS normaly. i have try to flash my recovery with adb tool and put command "adb devices" it show my device,. boot i can't flash my phone with adb because i never get to enter recovery, fastboot, or bootloader mode, because it always only asus logo that shown. Join Date: Joined: Feb 2016. Sorry for the thread bumping, but I was wondering if it would be possible to root this device (ZB452KG) at the moment. I found ASUS official firmware in case of brick, but I don't know if it would be useful: https://www.asus.com/support/Downloa...vNxiwct6Y7/32/. I have not found any ROM for the devide, but it would be possible to adapt some of the Zenfone 2 to this one?. Join Date: Joined: Aug 2013. My Devices: Asus Zenfone 2 Laser. I have the same problem and still not ok until now.. Posting Quick Reply - Please Wait. Top Threads in Asus Zenfone Go Questions & Answers by ThreadRank. [PORT] [WATCHFACES] Stock Watchfaces from Various OEMs. Android Wear Software and Hacking General. [All Devices] Xiaomi Firmware Updater V2 [Auto Updated Weekly!]. Android Software and Hacking General [Developers Only]. Star Wars Wallpapers from the OnePlus 5T Star Wars Edition (Download). [APP][ROOT] Pixel Launcher Mods - Icon Packs & more for the STOCK Pixel Launcher. [ROM] [ 8.0.0 ] Official madOS - Oukitel K6000 Plus [MT6750]. [MOD] Low-RAM Property Patcher for Android. Android Software and Hacking General [Developers Only]. Android Software and Hacking General [Developers Only]. Asus Zenfone Go Questions & Answers. Unbrick ASUS ZENFONE GO (ZB452KG) by gambit2042. ---- XDA 2013 Beta - 1024. XDA Developers was founded by developers, for developers. It is now a valuable resource for people who want to make the most of their mobile devices, from customizing the look and feel to adding new functionality. Are you a developer? | Terms of Service. 
Cost-effective Cheaper More expensive Performance Camera Battery Smaller Larger. Kimovil shows stores that deliver to your country. Convert prices to your local currency. Add devices to your profile, rate and comment on your smartphones.. Add it if you love it and would like to have it in your hands. Add it if you love it and would like to have it in your hands. Add it if you currently use it or you manage it... Now you are using it .... It would be a great help if you could take 2 minutes to comment on this smartphone. Add it if you currently use it or you manage it... Add it if you had it and gave it away, sold it or it died.... It would be a great help if you could take 2 minutes to comment on this smartphone. Add it if you had it and gave it away, sold it or it died.... Asus Zenfone Go ZB452KG calculated battery life is. How long does the battery last on Asus Zenfone Go ZB452KG ?. 66.7 mm x 136.5 mm x 11.2 mm. ARM Cortex-A7 Qualcomm Snapdragon 200 MSM8212. The information on this web site is not guaranteed. Kimovil is not responsible for inaccuracies, omissions or any other error in the information. Any warranties regarding this information are disclaimed. Total or partial reproduction of this site is prohibited in any manner without prior written permission. The trademarks, logos and device manufacturers, software, etc. are the property of their respective owners.. Coupons Buying Guide Help Contact Facebook Twitter About Us Terms & Conditions Privacy Cookies. How is the exchange rate calculated?. Add devices to your profile, rate and comment on your smartphones.. There are unanswered questions about the mobile devices you use, please help us by answering them!. 
The world's most prestigious laptop, enhanced. ASUS ROG Strix GeForce® GTX 1080 outshines the competition. Dukungan Format BDXL, Penyimpanan Data Maksimum hingga 128GB. ASUS punya laptop tepat sesuai kebutuhan Anda. Sebuah keajaiban dalam pengerjaan dan rekayasa yang menggabungkan keindahan Zen, tampilan yang tajam, dual SIM dual standby, dan UI yang mulus dan intuitif, dirancang untuk menjadi teman terbaik Anda. Review: ASUS Zenfone Go ZB452KG, Tampil Trendi Harga Terjangkau (ThePonsel). Review ASUS Zenfone Go, Smartphone Entry Level Dengan Fitur Melimpah (Review1st). Asus Zenfone Go ZB452KG Menjadikan Anak Muda Tetap Gaul Meski Budget Terbatas (Markas Tekno). Review: ASUS Zenfone Go (ZB452KG), Smartphone Ceria Untuk Berbagai Kepribadian (Serbagadget). Asus Zenfone Go ZB452KG Masuk Indonesia, Ini Harga & Spesifikasinya (Tuxlin). Desain menakjubkan hadir dengan penghargaan bergengsi. Dengan inovasi dan keunggulannya, ZenFone Go diakui secara global untuk desain produk yang luar biasa dan berhasil membawa pulang 2015 iF Design Award.. Zen, keseimbangan antara keindahan dan kekuatan. Zen berarti keseimbangan antara keindahan dan kekuatan. Ia memperkenalkan nilai-nilai baru untuk meningkatkan pengalaman pengguna dalam cara yang baru, dirancang dengan memperhatikan bahwa gaya hidup, teknologi, dan pikiran adalah satu. ZenFone Go memperlihatkan harmoni yang sempurna dari kesederhanaan dan kecanggihan dengan keanggunan karya dan pengerjaan yang rinci.. Desain ergonomis dengan kontrol yang intuitif. ZenFone Go memiliki ketajaman kontrol yang sangat intuitif, menggabungkan tombol bagian belakang sebagai bagian dari desain ergonomis. Anda dapat melakukan selfie dan mengontrol volume dengan lebih alami. Bentuk baru yang elegan ini membuat ZenFone Go menjadi terasa nyaman untuk dipegang.. Warna cerah untuk gaya unik Anda. Tersedia dalam banyak pilihan warna dengan dua material premium yang dapat menyesuaikan dengan pilihan ASUS ZenUI memungkinkan Anda untuk melakukan personalisasi terhadap smartphone Anda sehingga dapat mencerminkan suasana hati dan kepribadian Anda. Anda dapat memilih warna Charcoal Black, Pearl White, Glamour Red, dan Lemon Yellow atau juga warna metalik hairline yaitu Sheer Gold, Glacier Gray, dan Silver Blue. Manjakan diri Anda dengan berbagai warna!. ZenFone Go memiliki PixelMaster, teknologi eksklusif ASUS yang selalu menangkap gambar terbaik dalam setiap skenario. Para ahli berhasil menciptakan sebuah alat sederhana yakni ZenFone Go yang dapat mengubah Anda menjadi ahli dalam fotografi - dan PixelMaster akan selalu menjadi asisten Anda dimanapun!. Lihat apa yang orang lain tidak bisa lihat. Melalui kombinasi teknologi pixel-merging pada PixelMaster, yang menggabungkan empat pixel yang berdekatan menjadi satu, dan algoritma image-processing, ZenFone Go Low Light mode meningkatkan sensitivitas cahaya hingga 400%. Ini juga meningkatkan pengurangan kebisingan dan meningkatkan kontras warna agar lebih jelas dan sorotan cahaya rendah yang lebih terang tanpa flash.. Mengatur kecerahan dengan backlight (HDR) mode. PixelMaster’s backlight (HDR) mode menggunakan teknologi ASUS Pixel Enhancing untuk menggabungkan beberapa gambar berurutan yang memperluas jangkauan dinamis dan meningkatkan kecerahan. Dengan teknologi kami yang unik, secara otomatis meningkatkan kontras warna dan detail untuk memastikan foto-foto untuk terlihat sempurna dengan highlight realistis dan bayangan - setiap saat.. Mempercantik diri secara real time. Ubah kamera depan ZenFone Go ke beautification mode untuk membuat Anda dan teman Anda terlihat lebih menawan. Mode ini secara halus menyeimbangkan fitur wajah, melembutkan tones, dan menghapus noda - semua secara real time.. ZenFone Go memilik fitur Dual SIM sehingga Anda cukup menggunakan satu perangkat untuk kerja dan kehidupan pribadi Anda. Desain antena milik ZenFone Go memberikan performa yang fantastis, bahkan di daerah yang kurang sinyal sehingga Anda tidak akan kehilangan panggilan. Ia juga menjaga kestabilan baterai saat mencari sinyal sehingga waktu standby menjadi lebih lama.. Pengalaman ZenUI yang Lebih Sederhana, Lebih Pintar, dan Lebih Personal. ASUS ZenUI memiliki lebih dari 1.000 fitur yang meningkatkan tampilan antarmuka standar Android Anda. Anda akan menikmati pengalaman lebih sederhana dan lebih cerdas, dengan layout baru yang bergaya yang dapat memperluas ruang putih untuk desain bersih, menempatkan informasi yang Anda butuhkan di depan dan tengah. ZenUI terbaru hadir lebih sederhana, brilian, dan indah. Ia tahu akan kebutuhan Anda, mengungkapkan pikiran Anda, dan menjadi bagian tak terpisahkan dari hidup Anda.. Do more, more easily, with ZenUI. Double-tap di mana saja pada layar dan secara instan akan mengaktifkan ZenFone Go, atau membuatnya kembali ke keadaan sleep — sealami mungkin dalam gerakan yang cepat!. Pilih tema Anda dari serangkaian tema unik yang tersedia. Gunakan foto dan gambar Anda sendiri untuk membuat kolase dan montase yang indah.. Terhubung ke dunia menakjubkan dengan berbagi kenangan Anda yang luar biasa.. Nikmati Free 100GB Google Drive Storage!. ZenFone Go Anda memiliki Free Google Drive Storage sebesar 100GB selama 2 tahun. Anda bisa menyimpan banyak hal dan mengaksesnya dengan mudah dan cepat dimanapun Anda berada. Ambil penawaran ini di aplikasi Google Drive sebelum 1 April 2018.. Beri Aksesoris untuk ZenFone Go Anda. Kami telah membuat berbagai macam aksesoris pintar untuk ZenFone Go. Pilih aksesoris Anda dan tampilkan gaya Anda!. Spesifikasi yang tertera dapat berubah sewaktu-waktu tanpa pemberitahuan. Silahkan hubungi toko/dealer terdekat untuk informasi lebih lanjut. Produk tidak tersedia di semua negara. Warna PCB dan versi paket software dapat berubah sewaktu-waktu tanpa pemberitahuan.. Merk dan nama produk yang tersebut merupakan hak cipta dari masing-masing perusahaan terkait.. Garansi, Call Center & Service Center. Senin - Jumat : 9:30 - 17:00. Indonesia / Bahasa Indonesia. Terms of Use Notice Kebijakan Privasi. 
Samsung Galaxy Tab Active 2 HD Wallpapers Download. Samsung Galaxy J7 Core HD Wallpapers Download. Huawei Y6 Pro 2017 HD Wallpapers Download. Yavuz on How To Port Samsung Galaxy S8 Plus ROM on Lenovo K6 Note? Aguinaldo on BLU R1 Plus Android Oreo 8.0 Update Jivan on Update Micromax Q391 Canvas Doodle 4 On Android Marshmallow Jivan on Update Micromax Q391 Canvas Doodle 4 On Android Marshmallow Rakesh on Samsung Z2 Android Marshmallow 6.0.1 Update. Asus Zenfone Go ZB452KG Android Marshmallow 6.0.1 Update. Comments Off on Asus Zenfone Go ZB452KG Android Marshmallow 6.0.1 Update 79. Update Your Asus Zenfone Go ZB452KG on latest Android M and make the most out of every TAP. Android Marshmallow Exclusive Features For Asus Zenfone Go ZB452KG. Android 6.0.1 Brings The Best Web Experience. Less Battery Consumption & Quicker Recharge. An Elegant App Menu That You’ve Always Wanted. Gaming Like Never Before – That’s Something You Can’t Ignore. How to install Android Marshmallow on Asus Zenfone Go ZB452KG without rooting. If you are looking to upgrade your amazing Asus Zenfone Go ZB452KG on Android Marshmallow 6.0.1 then we’ve got a solution for ya…. Google has finally released one of the most successful and technically enhanced Android M for Asus Zenfone Go ZB452KG. Also known as Android Marshmallow 6.0, it is one of the most brilliant OS for your smart device. A very high tech operating systems loaded with tons of new features is now easily accessible.. You can easily upgrade Asus Zenfone Go ZB452KG on Android Marshmallow 6.0 or 6.0.1 with few simple taps. There are various rooting methods available that consume a lot of time and your cellphone may get damaged if not done properly.. But you will be happy to know that you can update Asus Zenfone Go ZB452KG on Android M without following the complicated rooting method. We have a brilliant Android 6.0 and 6.1 solutions for you that will make your smart gadget look like the most amazing device. No root or custom rom needed, follow simple steps and update your device on a latest Google operating system.. Android 6.0.1 has changed the world of technology by introducing some of the interesting features that people were looking for. All of the previous irritating bugs have been fixed and now you can enjoy an enhanced UI with most convenient and user-friendly features.. Google has improved the way your Asus Zenfone Go ZB452KG browses the web. Now you can enjoy an enhanced web browsing experience where there will be no crashes and hangs. Heating issues while browsing the web have also been solved and Android M 6.0 will also help you to surf the websites quicker than ever.. All websites optimized for smartphones are now in ease access where you have the freedom to surf unlimited websites on your fingertips. Online video playing and browsing shopping websites is now more than a fun. Also, after the successful upgrade you will not feel any need to free download android launchers for your smart device.. Needless to say, Google’s top priority to release Android Marshmallow upgrade for Asus Zenfone Go ZB452KG was to improve the device’s speed and performance. There were a lot of heating and hanging issues previously in old versions that have been fixed now with the release of Android 6.0.1. So, after updating your Asus Zenfone Go ZB452KG to Android M you will experience an increase in the device’s speed and touch response. Using android widgets is also a fun thing after the new OS upgrade.. Asus Zenfone Go ZB452KG users mostly complain about its battery timing because like most of the other smartphones its battery does not survive for more than a day or two. Thanks to their brilliant enhancements, Google has now optimized their Android Marshmallow OS for batter battery performance.. Google’s cutting edge technology experts have introduced a way for your Asus Zenfone Go ZB452KG to survive for a longer time by reducing its battery consumption. Android M also allows your cellphone to recharge quicker than before, which means, you will save penalty of time with Asus Zenfone Go ZB452KG Android Marshmallow upgrade.. In addition to this, you will enjoy more standby time thanks to Android 6.0.1 update that will keep your mobile device healthier and stronger. All in all, you’re going to enjoy. One of the most significant changes on Android M for Asus Zenfone Go ZB452KG is the fact that Google has given a whole new look to the app menu which looks more appealing and eye-catching. It is nowhere closer to any other version of android including Lollipop, KitKat, Jellybean and others.. Interesting setting menu, icons, app menu and more, this is something that will make you feel good. So for the beauty lovers, Asus Zenfone Go ZB452KG Android Marshmallow update is worth installing. You will truly enjoy every tap on your device after the successful upgrade.. Download free android apps for your smart device.. After successful Android 6.0.1 Marshmallow update without rooting, your device will look more classy and smart. All types of HD android wallpapers and android live wallpapers will make your smart device’s screen look like something more attractive, stylish and good looking.. Another good thing about HD screen of Asus Zenfone Go ZB452KG is the fact that you do not have to install any type of custom rom for more attraction, look and appeal. Simply follow our provided solution and you will be good.. Yes, gaming experience has been improved and you will enjoy all types of heavy games on your Asus Zenfone Go ZB452KG with Android M upgrade. If you are a great gaming lover and can’t live without playing some action, adventure or racing games on your smart device, then you must consider installing 6.0.1 update.. It will give you a smooth gaming experience with less battery consumption and better playing interface. So install the OS now and play games like never before. You can also switch between the games and other apps conveniently.. Download free android games for your smart device .. We have one of the simplest solutions for you where you will save penalty of time by installing android 6.0 on Asus Zenfone Go ZB452KG. Originally this upgrade takes hours and most probably you will lose your files and data. So to avoid big loss we have a very simple solution. No need to root your precious device. Save time, money and avoid big loss by installing a very simple APK file that will transform your device into a good looking Android Marshmallow user interface.. For the devices that you simply cannot upgrade to Android Marshmallow 6.0.1 Google has released official Google Now Launcher that will transform your ordinary looking old version into the latest android 6.0 UI.. Simply visit and download this 15MB APK file on your device and install it with few taps.. After you’ve downloaded and installed this launcher you will see a true Android Marshmallow UI on your Asus Zenfone Go ZB452KG. You can also download free android themes but after the update you’ll only be able to use the Google’s default theme.. Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window). Top 5 Best Oppo F5 Keyboards Apps. Top 5 Best Huawei Nova 2i Keyboards Apps. Top 5 Best Gionee S11 Keyboards Apps. Top 5 Best Nokia 5 Keyboards Apps. Top 5 Best LG K7i Keyboards Apps. Top 5 Best ZTE Nubia NX595J Keyboards Apps. 1 2 3 4 5 6 7. 8 9 10 11 12 13 14. 15 16 17 18 19 20 21. 22 23 24 25 26 27 28. © Copyright 2018 A9droid. This site is protected by wp-copyrightpro.com. 
All orders of 250.00 EGP or more on fulfilled by Souq items across any product category qualify for FREE shipping.. Changed your mind, you can return your product and get a full refund.. Pay for your order in cash at the moment the shipment is delivered to your doorstep. UAE Egypt Saudi Kuwait. Let us wish you a happy birthday!. Make sure to buy your groceries and daily needs. Let us wish you a happy birthday!. Let us wish you a happy birthday!. Day 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 28 29 30 31. Year 1999 1998 1997 1996 1995 1994 1993 1992 1991 1990 1989 1988 1987 1986 1985 1984 1983 1982 1981 1980 1979 1978 1977 1976 1975 1974 1973 1972 1971 1970 1969 1968 1967 1966 1965 1964 1963 1962 1961 1960 1959 1958 1957 1956 1955 1954 1953 1952 1951 1950 1949 1948 1947 1946 1945 1944 1943 1942 1941 1940 1939 1938 1937 1936 1935 1934 1933 1932 1931 1930 1929 1928 1927 1926 1925 1924 1923 1922 1921 1920 1919 1918 1917 1916 1915 1914 1913 1912 1911 1910 1909 1908 1907 1906 1905. Please fill in a complete birthday. All Categories Supermarket Mobiles & Electronics Home Health & Beauty Moms & Babies Lifestyle Brand Stores. Clothing Shirts Polos T-shirts Jeans & Pants Shorts Swimwear Underwear Sleepwear Jackets, Coats & Hoodies. Bags & Accessories Backpacks Wallets Messenger bags Belts Hats & Caps Cufflinks Jewelry & Accessories Socks. Shoes Athletic Sneakers Loafers & Moccasian Slippers Boots. Eyewear Sunglasses Optical Frames Aviator Wayfarer Watches Casual Watches Stainless Steel Watches Leather Watches Shop All. Top Brands Casio Citizen Tommy Hilfiger U.S. Fossil Hollister Invicta Polo Ralph Lauren Calvin Klein Swatch Tissot. Featured Brands Ravin Andora Town Team Cottonil Solo Trojan Men's Club Activ Dockland Izo Robert Wood Rimini West Coast. Clothing Dresses Jumpsuits Tops Jeans & Pants Leggings Skirts Swimwear Lingerie Sleepwear Cardigans & Kimonos Jackets & Coats. Bags & Accessories Totes & Hobos Cross Body Bags Clutches Backpacks Wallets. Shoes Athletic Sneakers Wedges Ballerina Sandal & Slippers Boots Shop All. Watches Casual Watches Stainless Steel Watches Leather Watches Luxury Watches Below 199 EGP Shop All Jewelry Earrings Bracelets Jewelry Sets Rings. Eyewear Sunglasses Optical Frames Contact Lenses Aviator Fashion Sunglasses Shop All. Featured Brands Ravin Andora Dejavu Walkies Belle Fabulous Casio Nile Deeda Giro Calvin Klein Michael Kors. Beverages Food Cupboard Personal Care Home Care Babies World Men Care Pet Centre. Water Sodas Tea Coffee Dairy Products. Nuts Biscuits Rice Pasta Pulses & Grains Cooking Ingredients. Canned Food & Soups Chocolates Candies Cereals Jam, Honey & Spreadable. Hair Care Shampoos & Conditioners Hair Styling & Treatment Hair Coloring Oral Care Bath & Body Care Deodorants & Antiperspirants. Men's Grooming Women Shave & Hair Removal Feminie Care Skin Care Face Care Bath & Body Sunscreen & Tanning Products. Laundry Cleaning Supplies Dishwashing & Kitchen Cleaners Home Cleaning. Paper & Plastic Paper Products Wipes Air Freshners. Baby Food Diapers Bath & Skin Care. ُMen's Grooming Shavers & Blades Deodorants & Antiperspirants Hair Care Shower Gels & Lotions Sexual Health. New Arrivals Samsung Galaxy Note8 Infinix Hot5 | Hot5 Lite Mi Redmi Note 4x. Popular Mobiles Iphone 6|7 Samsung S8|8+ Huawei P9|P10 Mi Redmi note Infinix S2. Shop by Price Below 1,000 EGP 1,000 - 2,000 EGP 2,000 - 3,000 EGP 3,000 - 5,000 EGP 5,000 - 6,000 EGP 6,000 - 7,000 EGP 7,000 - 9,000 EGP 9,000 - 11,000 EGP 11,000 EGP & Above Shop All Mobiles. Tablets 7 - 7.9 Inch 8 - 8.9 Inch 9 - 9.9 Inch 10 Inch & Above. Shop by Brands Ipads Samsung Galaxy tab Lenovo Tab innjoo Alcatel Huawei Shop All Tablets. Accessories Covers & Cases Screen Protectors Cables Chargers Powerbanks Headsets Memory Cards Smartwatches VR Gadgets Bluetooth speakers Shop All Accessories. Shop by Brand Samsung Apple Huawei infinix Xiaomi Lenovo Sony HTC TECNO LG Innjoo Nokia Motorola. Televisions Best Offers Smart TVs Full HD TVs 32 - 39 inch 40 - 49 inch Shop All. Laptops & Notebook Best Offers Gaming Laptops Personal Use laptops Business Laptops Desktop PCs Shop All. Computer Parts Monitors Motherboards CPUs & Processors Video Cards Memory Modules (RAM) Shop All. Games Consoles Video Games Accessories Skins & Decals VR Gadgets Shop All. TVs Accessories Satellite Receivers Wall Mount Remote Control Cables & Adapters Projectors Shop All. Laptop Accessories Bags & Carry Cases USB Flash Drives Keyboards Mouses Laptops Chargers Shop All. Computer Accessories Printers Ink Cartridges Router Software UPS Shop All. Cameras Digital Cameras Electronic Flashes Interchangeable Lenses Camera Bags Camera Accessories Shop All. large Appliances Air Conditioner Washing Machines Refrigerators & Freezers Cookers Heaters Water Dispenser Shop All. Kitchen Appliances Kitchen Appliances Food Preparation Deep Fryers Microwaves & Grills Kettles, Juciers & Coffee Makers Blender & Mixers Shop All. Home Appliances & Decor Fans, Heaters & Air Treatment Rugs & Carpets Floor Care & Vaccums Irons & Garment Steamers Chair & Bean Bags Shop All. Cooking & Dining Cookware Bakeware Kitchen Tools & Utensils Drinkware Tableware Kitchen Storage Shop All. Tools & Gardening Gardening Decoration Safety and Work Wear Outdoor Play & Sporting Goods Hand & Power Tools Inflatable & Small Furniture Pets Needs Shop All. Stores E-futurehome Arion Samsung Kiriazi Fresh. Perfumes & Fragrances Men's Perfumes Women's Perfumes Kid's Perfumes Gift Sets Body Splash & Mist Shop All. Health & Personal Care Men's Grooming Small Medical Equipments Hair Electronics Health & Personal care Dental Care Body Massagers. Makeup Eyes Face Lips Nail Polish Makeup Brushes Beauty Tools And Accessories. Hair, Body & Skin Care Hair Treatments Shampoo & Conditioners Hair Loss Treatment Skin Care Shaving & Hair Removal Foot Care Bath & Body. Diapering Pampers Fine Molfix Huggies Baby Joy. Nursing & feeding Bottles Electrical Feeding Tools soothers & teethers feeding tools. Baby Gear Strollers Car Seats Bouncers & swings Cribs & cots Chairs Walkers Travel sets. Bathing & skin care Bathing Skin care. Baby & Toddler Toys Baby Clothing & Shoes Baby Food New Mommy. Sports Sports Equipments Sporting Gear Sports wear Sports Tech. Automotive Car care Car accessories Spare parts Oil & lubricants. Office Supplies Writing Organization Paper products Equipments Arts and hobbies School supplies Educational supplies Office Furniture & presentation. Toys Construction and blocks Educational Art and crafts Board and card games Dolls and doll sets Remote Controlled & tracks Musical toys Figures and action toys Party supplies beach fun Out doors Ride on. Order with FREE Shipping by Souq.com. All orders of 250.00 EGP or more of eligible items across any product category qualify for FREE Shipping.. This program is available only to Egypt residents.. What items are eligible for FREE Shipping? The Items that are packed, fulfilled and shipped by Souq.com, which can be identified by the fulfilled by souq badge.. With FREE Shipping, your order will be delivered within the estimated shipping speed available after you checkout.. To place an order online, do the following:. 1- Add at least 250.00 EGP of eligible items (in which case all other eligible items in the order also ship free) to your Shopping Cart. 2- To find eligible for FREE Shipping offers, Here are two quick and easy ways:. - Look for products with fulfilled by Souq badge in search results and detail pages. - When you search for products, select “Eligible for FREE Shipping on fulfilled by Souq filter from the left side of the search results page. - Not using search? Look for products with fulfilled by Souq badge.. Any item with fulfilled by Souq badge on the product detail page that is fulfilled and shipped by Souq is eligible and contributes to your free shipping order minimum.. For more information, go to About FREE Shipping by Souq .. Asus ZenFone Go ZB452KG Dual Sim - 8GB, 1GB RAM, 3G, WiFi, Pearl White. Asus ZenFone Go ZB452KG Dual Sim - 8GB, 1GB RAM, 3G, WiFi, Pearl White. The Asus ZenFone Go ZB452KG Dual SIM smartphone features cutting edge hardware components and compresses them into a 125g lightweight build to give you an optimized Android Lollipop 5.1 OS experience. The OS is renowned for its innovative features that increase your productivity. Furthermore, the ZenUI layer of the device gives you a smarter user interface. Ship to Cairo ( Change city ) Delivered within Saturday, Mar 3 - Monday, Mar 5 to Cairo. Asus ZenFone Go ZB452KG Dual Sim - 8GB, 1GB RAM, 3.... Sports Running Armband Case Cover Holder for iPhon... Xiaomi Mi Band 2 with OLED Screen and Heart Rate M... Thank you for rating! Write a full review. Brand Asus Operating System Type Android Storage Capacity 8 GB RAM Memory 1 GB. Brand Asus Operating System Type Android Storage Capacity 8 GB RAM Memory 1 GB Wireless Connections SIM Dual SIM Product weight 125 g Mobile Phone Type Smartphone Networking type 3G CPU Quad Core Model Number ZB452KG Multi SIM Card Battery Capacity in mAh 2000 - 3000 mAH UPC-A 889349456132 Item EAN 2724332856613 Audio 3.5 mm Audio Jack Display Screen Size 4.1 - 5 Inch Display Display Size (Inch) Connectivity Bluetooth version v4.0 Connectivity Bluetooth Connectivity 3G Connectivity NFC Camera Front Flash Color Color White Power Management Fast Charge Technical Information Operating System Version Android 5.1. The Asus ZenFone Go ZB452KG Dual SIM smartphone features cutting edge hardware components and compresses them into a 125g lightweight build to give you an optimized Android Lollipop 5.1 OS experience. The OS is renowned for its innovative features that increase your productivity.. The Asus ZenFone Go ZB452KG Dual SIM smartphone features cutting edge hardware components and compresses them into a 125g lightweight build to give you an optimized Android Lollipop 5.1 OS experience. The OS is renowned for its innovative features that increase your productivity. Furthermore, the ZenUI layer of the device gives you a smarter user interface. The device draws its performance from a 1.2GHz Cortex A7 Quad Core processor that can take on multiple applications at the same time without taking a toll on system’s responsiveness. The 1GB RAM module further enhances this capability and lets you open multiple windows in a mobile browser and surf the Web without facing any glitch. The Adreno 302 GPU increases FPS rate and provides you with glitch free visuals. Save loads of images on the 8GB internal storage of the mobile. You can save a whole lot more of your personal data by installing an external memory card via mobile’s microSD card slot. Indulge in an immersive multimedia experience with the 4.5inch display of the device. This dual SIM phone supports the 3G band for high speed mobile communication. The Asus ZenFone Go ZB452KG Dual SIM smartphone dons a pearl white finish and incorporates a 2070mAh battery that allows you to play games and watch videos for hours on end.. This Asus dual SIM Android has a highly intuitive control layout. As a part of the new Ergonomic Arc design, the mobile incorporates a physical rear key. This Asus ZenFone 2 smartphone makes it feel completely natural to snap selfies and adjust the volume. The elegant new shape feels extremely comfortable and secure to hold.. This Asus Android dual SIM mobile features two SIM cards slots in one device that allows you to keep your personal and business contacts separate. The advanced antenna design of the ZenFone Go provides fantastic performance, even in areas with weak signal quality. The device also conserves power while searching for a signal that significantly increases standby time.. Featuring more than 1000 features that improve upon the stock Android interface, the ASUS ZenUI of the device allows you to enjoy simpler and smarter mobile computing. The stylish layout of the UI expands white space for a cleaner design and places the information you need front and centre. Double tap anywhere on the display for waking the device or putting it to sleep.. 16 ratings. of users recommend this product to a friend. Thank you for rating! Write a full review. What's not so good about this product:. What's not so good about this product:. لا توجد سماعة فري هاند مع الموبايل/كثير التهنيج و احيانا بطئ جدا/الجهاز يغلق احيانا و يعيد التشغيل من نفسك / يقوم بعمل تحديثات من نفسه / غير عملي بالمرة للأسف قرار شرائي له خاطئ ..... جيد جدا بالنسبة لسعرة التعامل ممتاز التغليف جيد المعاملة مع مندوب الشحن ترقى الى اكثر من ممتازة ..شكرا سوق. كما بالوصف جميل انيق ورائع وبسعر مناسب جيد جدا بالنسبة لسعرة. Please verify your mobile number to complete your checkout. We will send you an SMS containing a verification code. Please double check your mobile number and click on "Send Verification Code" .. We sent your verification code by SMS to +. Enter the code below and hit Verify. + 20. I didn't receive my verification code. Your Mobile number has been verified!. Have a question or an issue? We are here to help. Popular Searches White Friday IPhone 6 IPhone 7 Samsung Galaxy S6 Mobile Shop Huawei GR5 Oneplus 3 IPhone 6S Infinix Zero 3 Abayas. My Account Log In / Register My Shopping Cart My Orders My Addresses Wish Lists Account Settings Account Summary Intellectual Property Brand and Copyright Owners Marketplace Sellers. Selling on Souq.com Sell on souq.com How It Works Selling Policies Seller Terms and Conditions Fulfilled by Souq FAQs Buying on Souq.com How to Buy Return Policy Advertise with us Help. About Us Media Center Careers Privacy Policy Terms and Conditions Affiliate Program. 
All orders of 250.00 EGP or more on fulfilled by Souq items across any product category qualify for FREE shipping.. Changed your mind, you can return your product and get a full refund.. Pay for your order in cash at the moment the shipment is delivered to your doorstep. UAE Egypt Saudi Kuwait. Let us wish you a happy birthday!. Make sure to buy your groceries and daily needs. Let us wish you a happy birthday!. Let us wish you a happy birthday!. Day 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 28 29 30 31. Year 1999 1998 1997 1996 1995 1994 1993 1992 1991 1990 1989 1988 1987 1986 1985 1984 1983 1982 1981 1980 1979 1978 1977 1976 1975 1974 1973 1972 1971 1970 1969 1968 1967 1966 1965 1964 1963 1962 1961 1960 1959 1958 1957 1956 1955 1954 1953 1952 1951 1950 1949 1948 1947 1946 1945 1944 1943 1942 1941 1940 1939 1938 1937 1936 1935 1934 1933 1932 1931 1930 1929 1928 1927 1926 1925 1924 1923 1922 1921 1920 1919 1918 1917 1916 1915 1914 1913 1912 1911 1910 1909 1908 1907 1906 1905. Please fill in a complete birthday. All Categories Supermarket Mobiles & Electronics Home Health & Beauty Moms & Babies Lifestyle Brand Stores. Clothing Shirts Polos T-shirts Jeans & Pants Shorts Swimwear Underwear Sleepwear Jackets, Coats & Hoodies. Bags & Accessories Backpacks Wallets Messenger bags Belts Hats & Caps Cufflinks Jewelry & Accessories Socks. Shoes Athletic Sneakers Loafers & Moccasian Slippers Boots. Eyewear Sunglasses Optical Frames Aviator Wayfarer Watches Casual Watches Stainless Steel Watches Leather Watches Shop All. Top Brands Casio Citizen Tommy Hilfiger U.S. Fossil Hollister Invicta Polo Ralph Lauren Calvin Klein Swatch Tissot. Featured Brands Ravin Andora Town Team Cottonil Solo Trojan Men's Club Activ Dockland Izo Robert Wood Rimini West Coast. Clothing Dresses Jumpsuits Tops Jeans & Pants Leggings Skirts Swimwear Lingerie Sleepwear Cardigans & Kimonos Jackets & Coats. Bags & Accessories Totes & Hobos Cross Body Bags Clutches Backpacks Wallets. Shoes Athletic Sneakers Wedges Ballerina Sandal & Slippers Boots Shop All. Watches Casual Watches Stainless Steel Watches Leather Watches Luxury Watches Below 199 EGP Shop All Jewelry Earrings Bracelets Jewelry Sets Rings. Eyewear Sunglasses Optical Frames Contact Lenses Aviator Fashion Sunglasses Shop All. Featured Brands Ravin Andora Dejavu Walkies Belle Fabulous Casio Nile Deeda Giro Calvin Klein Michael Kors. Beverages Food Cupboard Personal Care Home Care Babies World Men Care Pet Centre. Water Sodas Tea Coffee Dairy Products. Nuts Biscuits Rice Pasta Pulses & Grains Cooking Ingredients. Canned Food & Soups Chocolates Candies Cereals Jam, Honey & Spreadable. Hair Care Shampoos & Conditioners Hair Styling & Treatment Hair Coloring Oral Care Bath & Body Care Deodorants & Antiperspirants. Men's Grooming Women Shave & Hair Removal Feminie Care Skin Care Face Care Bath & Body Sunscreen & Tanning Products. Laundry Cleaning Supplies Dishwashing & Kitchen Cleaners Home Cleaning. Paper & Plastic Paper Products Wipes Air Freshners. Baby Food Diapers Bath & Skin Care. ُMen's Grooming Shavers & Blades Deodorants & Antiperspirants Hair Care Shower Gels & Lotions Sexual Health. New Arrivals Samsung Galaxy Note8 Infinix Hot5 | Hot5 Lite Mi Redmi Note 4x. Popular Mobiles Iphone 6|7 Samsung S8|8+ Huawei P9|P10 Mi Redmi note Infinix S2. Shop by Price Below 1,000 EGP 1,000 - 2,000 EGP 2,000 - 3,000 EGP 3,000 - 5,000 EGP 5,000 - 6,000 EGP 6,000 - 7,000 EGP 7,000 - 9,000 EGP 9,000 - 11,000 EGP 11,000 EGP & Above Shop All Mobiles. Tablets 7 - 7.9 Inch 8 - 8.9 Inch 9 - 9.9 Inch 10 Inch & Above. Shop by Brands Ipads Samsung Galaxy tab Lenovo Tab innjoo Alcatel Huawei Shop All Tablets. Accessories Covers & Cases Screen Protectors Cables Chargers Powerbanks Headsets Memory Cards Smartwatches VR Gadgets Bluetooth speakers Shop All Accessories. Shop by Brand Samsung Apple Huawei infinix Xiaomi Lenovo Sony HTC TECNO LG Innjoo Nokia Motorola. Televisions Best Offers Smart TVs Full HD TVs 32 - 39 inch 40 - 49 inch Shop All. Laptops & Notebook Best Offers Gaming Laptops Personal Use laptops Business Laptops Desktop PCs Shop All. Computer Parts Monitors Motherboards CPUs & Processors Video Cards Memory Modules (RAM) Shop All. Games Consoles Video Games Accessories Skins & Decals VR Gadgets Shop All. TVs Accessories Satellite Receivers Wall Mount Remote Control Cables & Adapters Projectors Shop All. Laptop Accessories Bags & Carry Cases USB Flash Drives Keyboards Mouses Laptops Chargers Shop All. Computer Accessories Printers Ink Cartridges Router Software UPS Shop All. Cameras Digital Cameras Electronic Flashes Interchangeable Lenses Camera Bags Camera Accessories Shop All. large Appliances Air Conditioner Washing Machines Refrigerators & Freezers Cookers Heaters Water Dispenser Shop All. Kitchen Appliances Kitchen Appliances Food Preparation Deep Fryers Microwaves & Grills Kettles, Juciers & Coffee Makers Blender & Mixers Shop All. Home Appliances & Decor Fans, Heaters & Air Treatment Rugs & Carpets Floor Care & Vaccums Irons & Garment Steamers Chair & Bean Bags Shop All. Cooking & Dining Cookware Bakeware Kitchen Tools & Utensils Drinkware Tableware Kitchen Storage Shop All. Tools & Gardening Gardening Decoration Safety and Work Wear Outdoor Play & Sporting Goods Hand & Power Tools Inflatable & Small Furniture Pets Needs Shop All. Stores E-futurehome Arion Samsung Kiriazi Fresh. Perfumes & Fragrances Men's Perfumes Women's Perfumes Kid's Perfumes Gift Sets Body Splash & Mist Shop All. Health & Personal Care Men's Grooming Small Medical Equipments Hair Electronics Health & Personal care Dental Care Body Massagers. Makeup Eyes Face Lips Nail Polish Makeup Brushes Beauty Tools And Accessories. Hair, Body & Skin Care Hair Treatments Shampoo & Conditioners Hair Loss Treatment Skin Care Shaving & Hair Removal Foot Care Bath & Body. Diapering Pampers Fine Molfix Huggies Baby Joy. Nursing & feeding Bottles Electrical Feeding Tools soothers & teethers feeding tools. Baby Gear Strollers Car Seats Bouncers & swings Cribs & cots Chairs Walkers Travel sets. Bathing & skin care Bathing Skin care. Baby & Toddler Toys Baby Clothing & Shoes Baby Food New Mommy. Sports Sports Equipments Sporting Gear Sports wear Sports Tech. Automotive Car care Car accessories Spare parts Oil & lubricants. Office Supplies Writing Organization Paper products Equipments Arts and hobbies School supplies Educational supplies Office Furniture & presentation. Toys Construction and blocks Educational Art and crafts Board and card games Dolls and doll sets Remote Controlled & tracks Musical toys Figures and action toys Party supplies beach fun Out doors Ride on. Order with FREE Shipping by Souq.com. All orders of 250.00 EGP or more of eligible items across any product category qualify for FREE Shipping.. This program is available only to Egypt residents.. What items are eligible for FREE Shipping? The Items that are packed, fulfilled and shipped by Souq.com, which can be identified by the fulfilled by souq badge.. With FREE Shipping, your order will be delivered within the estimated shipping speed available after you checkout.. To place an order online, do the following:. 1- Add at least 250.00 EGP of eligible items (in which case all other eligible items in the order also ship free) to your Shopping Cart. 2- To find eligible for FREE Shipping offers, Here are two quick and easy ways:. - Look for products with fulfilled by Souq badge in search results and detail pages. - When you search for products, select “Eligible for FREE Shipping on fulfilled by Souq filter from the left side of the search results page. - Not using search? Look for products with fulfilled by Souq badge.. Any item with fulfilled by Souq badge on the product detail page that is fulfilled and shipped by Souq is eligible and contributes to your free shipping order minimum.. For more information, go to About FREE Shipping by Souq .. Asus ZenFone Go ZB452KG Dual Sim - 8GB, 1GB RAM, 3G, WiFi, Charcoal Black. Asus ZenFone Go ZB452KG Dual Sim - 8GB, 1GB RAM, 3G, WiFi, Charcoal Black. The Asus ZenFone Go ZB452KG Dual SIM smartphone has brought home the 2015 iF Design Award, thanks to its chic, stylish, and 125g lightweight design. Powered by a 1.2GHz Cortex A7 Quad Core processor, the device can take on some of the most demanding applications without breaking a sweat and offers a seamless user interface. The CPU teams up with a 1GB RAM module that gives .... (2) more offers starting from. Ship to Cairo ( Change city ) Delivered within Saturday, Mar 3 - Monday, Mar 5 to Cairo. (2) more offers starting from 1,049.00 EGP. Asus ZenFone Go ZB452KG Dual Sim - 8GB, 1GB RAM, 3.... Sports Running Armband Case Cover Holder for iPhon... Xiaomi Mi Band 2 with OLED Screen and Heart Rate M... Thank you for rating! Write a full review. Brand ASUS Operating System Type Android Storage Capacity 8 GB RAM Memory 1 GB. Brand ASUS Operating System Type Android Storage Capacity 8 GB RAM Memory 1 GB Wireless Connections SIM Dual SIM Product weight 125 g Mobile Phone Type Smartphone Networking type 3G CPU Quad Core Model Number ZB452KG Multi SIM Card Battery Capacity in mAh 2000 - 3000 mAH UPC-A 889349456125 Item EAN 2724332856590 Audio 3.5 mm Audio Jack Display Screen Size 4.1 - 4.5 Inch Display Display Size (Inch) __NO_VALUE__ Connectivity Bluetooth version v4.0 Connectivity Bluetooth Connectivity 3G Connectivity NFC Camera Front Flash Color Color Black Power Management Fast Charge Technical Information Operating System Version Android 5.1. The Asus ZenFone Go ZB452KG Dual SIM smartphone has brought home the 2015 iF Design Award, thanks to its chic, stylish, and 125g lightweight design. Powered by a 1.2GHz Cortex A7 Quad Core processor, the device can take on some of the most demanding applications without breaking a. The Asus ZenFone Go ZB452KG Dual SIM smartphone has brought home the 2015 iF Design Award, thanks to its chic, stylish, and 125g lightweight design. Powered by a 1.2GHz Cortex A7 Quad Core processor, the device can take on some of the most demanding applications without breaking a sweat and offers a seamless user interface. The CPU teams up with a 1GB RAM module that gives you smoother multitasking and an optimized Android Lollipop 5.1 OS experience. The Adreno 302 GPU increases the FPS rate and provides you with glitch free visuals. The 8GB internal storage offers sufficient space to install a multitude of apps from Google Play Store. You can save a whole lot more of your personal data by installing an external memory card via mobile’s microSD card slot. The 4.5inch display of the device produces stunning visual quality. This dual SIM phone supports the 3G band for high speed mobile communication. Available in a charcoal black finish, the Asus ZenFone Go ZB452KG Dual SIM 4G smartphone packs a 2070mAh battery that offers an extended uptime.. This Asus dual SIM Android has a highly intuitive control layout. As a part of the new Ergonomic Arc design, the mobile incorporates a physical rear key. This Asus ZenFone 2 smartphone makes it feel completely natural to snap selfies and adjust the volume. The elegant new shape feels extremely comfortable and secure to hold.. This Asus Android dual SIM mobile features two SIM cards slots in one device that allows you to keep your personal and business contacts separate. The advanced antenna design of the ZenFone Go provides fantastic performance, even in areas with weak signal quality. The device also conserves power while searching for a signal that significantly increases standby time.. Featuring more than 1000 features that improve upon the stock Android interface, the ASUS ZenUI of the device allows you to enjoy simpler and smarter mobile computing. The stylish layout of the UI expands white space for a cleaner design and places the information you need front and centre. Double tap anywhere on the display for waking the device or putting it to sleep.. 83 ratings. of users recommend this product to a friend. Thank you for rating! Write a full review. What's not so good about this product:. What's not so good about this product:. Good Device good performance everything is good price performance, duarble.. friends its a good mobile compare to price than other. u cant get this type of feature in this price. compare to price its a good mobile. Please verify your mobile number to complete your checkout. We will send you an SMS containing a verification code. Please double check your mobile number and click on "Send Verification Code" .. We sent your verification code by SMS to +. Enter the code below and hit Verify. + 20. I didn't receive my verification code. Your Mobile number has been verified!. Have a question or an issue? We are here to help. Popular Searches White Friday IPhone 6 IPhone 7 Samsung Galaxy S6 Mobile Shop Huawei GR5 Oneplus 3 IPhone 6S Infinix Zero 3 Abayas. My Account Log In / Register My Shopping Cart My Orders My Addresses Wish Lists Account Settings Account Summary Intellectual Property Brand and Copyright Owners Marketplace Sellers. Selling on Souq.com Sell on souq.com How It Works Selling Policies Seller Terms and Conditions Fulfilled by Souq FAQs Buying on Souq.com How to Buy Return Policy Advertise with us Help. About Us Media Center Careers Privacy Policy Terms and Conditions Affiliate Program. 
Home › Asus › Zenfone Go ZB452KG Asus Zenfone Go ZB452KG - Width. Last viewed devices List of mobile devices, whose specifications have been recently viewed.. Specifications Display Camera CPU Battery Prices 1. Width Height Thickness Weight Write a review. Dimensions : 66.7 x 136.5 x 11.2 mm Weight : 125 g SoC : Qualcomm Snapdragon 200 MSM8212 CPU : ARM Cortex-A7, 1200 MHz, Cores : 4 GPU : Qualcomm Adreno 302 RAM : 1 GB Storage : 8 GB Memory cards : microSD, microSDHC, microSDXC Display : 4.5 in, TFT, 480 x 854 pixels, 24 bit Battery : 2070 mAh, Li-Polymer OS : Android 5.1 Lollipop Camera : 3264 x 2448 pixels, 1280 x 720 pixels, 30 fps SIM card : Micro-SIM Wi-Fi : b, g, n, Wi-Fi Hotspot, Wi-Fi Direct USB : 2.0, Micro USB Bluetooth : 4.0 Positioning : GPS, A-GPS, GLONASS, BeiDou. Device width, other Asus models Width of Asus Zenfone Go ZB452KG in different measurement units and information about other Asus models with the same or similar width. Device width, models from other brands Width of Asus Zenfone Go ZB452KG in different measurement units and information about models from other brands with the same or similar width.. 39.8 mm (0.13 ft, 1.57 in) 61.44 mm (0.2 ft, 2.42 in) 61.44 mm (0.2 ft, 2.42 in) 65.59 mm (0.22 ft, 2.58 in) 66.2 mm (0.22 ft, 2.61 in) 66.7 mm (0.22 ft, 2.63 in) 66.7 mm (0.22 ft, 2.63 in) 66.7 mm (0.22 ft, 2.63 in) 67 mm (0.22 ft, 2.64 in) 67 mm (0.22 ft, 2.64 in) 67.9 mm (0.22 ft, 2.67 in) 69.7 mm (0.23 ft, 2.74 in) 70.85 mm (0.23 ft, 2.79 in) 71 mm (0.23 ft, 2.8 in) 71 mm (0.23 ft, 2.8 in) 71.26 mm (0.23 ft, 2.81 in) 71.4 mm (0.23 ft, 2.81 in) 71.5 mm (0.23 ft, 2.81 in) 71.5 mm (0.23 ft, 2.81 in) 71.5 mm (0.23 ft, 2.81 in) 71.5 mm (0.23 ft, 2.81 in) 71.6 mm (0.23 ft, 2.82 in) 71.6 mm (0.23 ft, 2.82 in) 71.74 mm (0.24 ft, 2.82 in). 66.7 mm (0.22 ft, 2.63 in) 66.7 mm (0.22 ft, 2.63 in) 66.7 mm (0.22 ft, 2.63 in) 66.7 mm (0.22 ft, 2.63 in) 66.7 mm (0.22 ft, 2.63 in) 66.7 mm (0.22 ft, 2.63 in) 66.7 mm (0.22 ft, 2.63 in) 66.7 mm (0.22 ft, 2.63 in) 66.7 mm (0.22 ft, 2.63 in) 66.7 mm (0.22 ft, 2.63 in) 66.7 mm (0.22 ft, 2.63 in) 66.7 mm (0.22 ft, 2.63 in) 66.7 mm (0.22 ft, 2.63 in) 66.7 mm (0.22 ft, 2.63 in) 66.7 mm (0.22 ft, 2.63 in) 66.7 mm (0.22 ft, 2.63 in) 66.7 mm (0.22 ft, 2.63 in) 66.8 mm (0.22 ft, 2.63 in) 66.8 mm (0.22 ft, 2.63 in) 66.8 mm (0.22 ft, 2.63 in) 66.8 mm (0.22 ft, 2.63 in) 66.8 mm (0.22 ft, 2.63 in) 66.8 mm (0.22 ft, 2.63 in) 66.8 mm (0.22 ft, 2.63 in) 66.8 mm (0.22 ft, 2.63 in) 66.8 mm (0.22 ft, 2.63 in) 66.8 mm (0.22 ft, 2.63 in) 66.8 mm (0.22 ft, 2.63 in) 66.8 mm (0.22 ft, 2.63 in) 66.8 mm (0.22 ft, 2.63 in) 66.8 mm (0.22 ft, 2.63 in) 66.8 mm (0.22 ft, 2.63 in) 66.8 mm (0.22 ft, 2.63 in). Dimensions : 66.7 x 136.5 x 11.2 mm Weight : 125 g SoC : Qualcomm Snapdragon 200 MSM8212 CPU : ARM Cortex-A7, 1200 MHz, Cores : 4 GPU : Qualcomm Adreno 302 RAM : 1 GB Storage : 8 GB Display : 4.5 in, TFT, 480 x 854 pixels, 24 bit Battery : 2070 mAh, Li-Polymer OS : Android 5.1 Lollipop Camera : 3264 x 2448 pixels, 1280 x 720 pixels, 30 fps. The information on this website is provided on "as is, as available basis" without warranty of any kind. DeviceSpecifications is not responsible for any omissions, inaccuracies or other errors in the information it publishes. All warranties with respect to this information are disclaimed. Reproduction of any part of this website in its entirety or partially or in any form or medium without prior written permission is prohibited. The trademarks, marques and logos of the manufacturers of devices, software, hardware, etc. are the property of their respective owners.. 
Please login to use speed navigation no account? Register Now. ZenFone Reviews Laptop Reviews Developer Club 2017 Photo Contest Essence Photo All Photos 2016 Photo Contest 2015 Photo Contest Fan Chat Hot News Dr.Zen* Beta Testing* ZenFone Laptop ZenTalk ZenFone Service Laptop Service New Event Winners Application ZenMarket Announcement Activity Updates Release Notes ZenFone 4 ZenFone 3 ZenFone 2 ZenFone ZenPad ZenWatch Zen Peripherals Idea for Next Best Answer Fan Share Fanography Fan Chat Dr.Zen Beta Testing Hot News! Fun Event! Release Notes ZenFone 3 ZenFone 2 ZenFone ZenPad/FonePad PadFone Zen Peripherals 2017 Photo Contest Fan Share FanOgraphy Fan Tips Dr. Zen Area ZenMarket ZenFone ZenTalk ZenFone 2 ZenFone Official Release Fun Event! Release Notes ZenFone4 ZenFone AR ZenFone3 ZenFone2 ZenFone PadFone Watch 2017 Photo Contest ZenPhoto Usap Tayo Dr. Zen Beta Testing ZenFone ZenUI Accessory ZenTalk ZenFone ZenWatch ZenUI. Official Discussion Forum FanZone FAQ 2017 Photo Contest. ASUS ZenTalk Forum » Forum › Discussion › ZenFone Go › ZenFone Go › Zenfone go 4.5 X014d boot loop issue. Zenfone go 4.5 X014d boot loop issue. Good day sr and ma'am can you help me because. my phone force stop and when i boot it up it stuck in Asus logo. What should i do? please help me. Hi, is this the asus zenfone go (ZB452KG)?. Alternative or easy way to fix a bootloop(stuck on asus logo)on zenfone go. Notes: this solutions is not a 100% guarantee can fix the bootloop of your phone, and its not applicable to the other ASUS ZenFone. Incase of error encountered(Installation aborted/error) just re-download the firmwarezip file. You must have a good internet connections. You must have a microsd cards/external storage. First, download the firmware zip file to other phone/pc desktop, yeah you cannot use your phone cause of the bootloop. Goto this link(Asus portal) www.asus.com/ph/Phone/ZenFone-Go-ZB452KG/HelpDesk_Download then Select OS for android and maximize the "firmware" and choose the preferred firmware file/version. Choose the same version of your current system firmware version or higher version much better (you can see the system firmware version of your phone by going to recovery mode). Then tap the "Global' highlight, then download it. If the firmware downloaded successfully, place the firmware file on your microsd card and insert it to the phone. Go to recovery mode(search it at google)>choose apply update from sdcards>choose the firmware you copied earlier>then wait for process completed. If the installation completed choose reboot system firmware. The asus logo loading will take upto 7-8mins so be patient.. tatanong ko lang po kung anong pwede kong gawin kasi yung zenfone go ko ay di ko magamit kasi may lumalabas na no command ginawa ko na po yung wipe data/factory reset tapos nirestore ko na po after nun.. tapos nag restart lang po ulit.. napanood ko po sa youtube yung ganun na case may lumabas sa kanila na welcome pero yung akin ay nag restart lang.. nka ilan try po ako nun pero yung last na ginawa ko ulit ay black na po ung screen..ano po pwede ko gawin? pls help nman po.. thanks wait ko po ang reply nyo.. Ayaw padin "E: failed to verify whole-file signature" "E: signature verification failed" "installation aborted.. Tan Lee posted on 2016/10/19 23:29. Hi, is this the asus zenfone go (ZB452KG)?. Can you give us a screenshot of the device's screen when the error occurs? The details on what is causing the error is important to know what the problem is.. Sorry sr for late upload, that is what happen when i flash the latest update that i download in your official website, lease sr help me.. i just bought my asus zenfone go 4.5 ZB452KG but problem is i cant update some ZenUi services like music and the like or its outdated...and if im gonna update it says the version of the device is not compatible pls...some one tell me what to do..... It's seems that your ZenFone Go wasn't able to recognize the firmware file so we suggest that you bring your phone to the nearest service center for a proper diagnosis and for them to repair it immediately. Please visit the link below for the list of service centers within your area. You need to login first Login | Register Now. About Asus Zenfone Go X014D model. asus zenfone go 5 x014d tdak bisa wipe data dan flash recovery. BOOTLOOP/BRICKED? SEE HOW TO SOLVE THE ISSUE. Zenfone Go bootloop, Lock oem, no recovery. [share] [KUMPULAN FIRMWERE ASUS ZENFONE SELFIE]. 
All orders of 100.00 AED or more on fulfilled by Souq items across any product category qualify for FREE shipping.. Changed your mind, you can return your product and get a full refund.. Pay for your order in cash at the moment the shipment is delivered to your doorstep. UAE Egypt Saudi Kuwait. Let us wish you a happy birthday!. Make sure to buy your groceries and daily needs. Let us wish you a happy birthday!. Let us wish you a happy birthday!. Day 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 28 29 30 31. Year 1999 1998 1997 1996 1995 1994 1993 1992 1991 1990 1989 1988 1987 1986 1985 1984 1983 1982 1981 1980 1979 1978 1977 1976 1975 1974 1973 1972 1971 1970 1969 1968 1967 1966 1965 1964 1963 1962 1961 1960 1959 1958 1957 1956 1955 1954 1953 1952 1951 1950 1949 1948 1947 1946 1945 1944 1943 1942 1941 1940 1939 1938 1937 1936 1935 1934 1933 1932 1931 1930 1929 1928 1927 1926 1925 1924 1923 1922 1921 1920 1919 1918 1917 1916 1915 1914 1913 1912 1911 1910 1909 1908 1907 1906 1905. Please fill in a complete birthday. All Categories Supermarket Electronics Mobiles & Tablets Baby & Toys Home & Kitchen Perfumes & Beauty Sports & Fitness Automotive Brand Stores Books. New Arrivals Women Men Kids Sports Watches & Jewelry Bags Eyewear Collections International Store Top Brands Outlet Amazon Global Store. Women Clothing Footwear Bags & Wallets Watches Sunglasses & Frames Jewelry. Men Clothing Footwear Bags & Wallets Watches Sunglasses & Frames. Sports Men Sportswear Men Athletic Shoes Women Sportswear Women Athletic Shoes. Clothing Dresses Jumpsuits Tops T-shirts Jeans Pants Sportswear Swimwear Lingerie Sleepwear Skirts Jackets & Coats Arabian Wear. Bags & Accessories Totes & Hobos Cross Body Bags Clutches & Evening Bags Backpacks Wallets. Shoes Athletic Casual & Sneakers Heels Wedges Flats Sandal & Slippers Boots. Watches Fashion Watches Luxury Watches Watch Organizers Leather Bands Stainless Steel Jewelry Necklaces & Pendants Earrings Bracelets Jewelry Sets Charms Rings Fine Jewelry. Eyewear Sunglasses Optical Frames Contact Lenses Aviator Wayfarer Cat Eye Clubmaster. Top Brands adidas Aldo Call It Spring Forever 21 Guess Michael Kors Missguided Nike Only Puma Lacoste Koton Vero Moda. Clothing Shirts Polos T-shirts Jeans Trousers Sportswear Shorts Swimwear Underwear Sleepwear Jackets, Coats & Hoodies. Bags Backpacks Wallets Messenger bags Belts Hats & Caps Cufflinks Jewelry. Shoes Athletic Casual & Sneakers Sandals Slippers Boots. Eyewear Sunglasses Optical Frames Contact Lenses Aviator Wayfarer Round Rimless. Watches Fashion Watches Luxury Watches Watch Organizers Leather Bands Stainless Steel Band. Top Brands Brave Soul Call It Spring Forever 21 Fred Perry Hugo Boss Jack & Jones Lacoste Levi's Original Penguin Polo Ralph Lauren Skechers Timberland Tommy Hilfiger U.S. Women | Sportswear Tops & Tees Bottoms Bras and Vests Running Clothing Training Clothing Shop All Women | Sport Shoes Running shoes Walking shoes Training shoes Shop All. Men | Sportswear Tops & Tees Bottoms Sports Jackets Training Clothing Running Clothing Shop All Men | Sport Shoes Running shoes Walking shoes Training shoes Shop All. Top Brands adidas Nike Skechers Puma New Balance Under Armour Asics Anta Columbia Converse Mizuno Vans Shop All. Women Clothing Only Vero Moda Tommy Hilfiger Glamorous Forever 21 Tally Weijl Quiz Clothing Guess Juicy Couture Brave Soul Ichi OVS. Women Shoes Nike Skechers Reebok Puma Aldo Nine West Guess Coach Missguided Truffle Shellys London Emu Michael Kors. Women Accessories Tory Burch DKNY Fossil Marc By Marc Jacobs Kenneth Cole XOXO Esprit Gucci Nine West Akribos XXIV Just Cavalli Lauren by Ralph Lauren. Polo Assn Jack & Jones Timberland Ralph Lauren Tommy Hilfiger Santa Monica Polo Club Brave Soul Tokyo Laundry Bellfield Gant Guess Diesel Hugo Boss. Men Shoes Nike Timberland Reebok Skechers Puma Aldo Jack & Jones New Balance Converse Vans Call It Spring adidas Asics. Men Accessories Emporio Armani Oakley JBW Tommy Hilfiger Fossil Daniel Wellington Puma Diesel Polaroid Tissot Michael Kors Tumi Levi's. Food & Beverages Dairy Products Beauty Homecare Baby World Pet World. Breakfast Breakfast Cereal Oats & Granola Jams, Spreads & Honey Pastas and Noodles. Snacks Chips & Crisps Biscuits & Cookies Nuts & Seeds Dates Confectionery Chocolate & Candy. Cooking Soup Rice & Pulses Spices & Condiments Packaged Meals Organic Food. Beverages Water Juices Sodas Energy Drinks Tea Coffee Milk. Hair Care Hair Dyes Hair Treatment Shampoos Conditioners. Skin Care Body Lotions Face Creams Anti Aging Wet Wipes. Personal Care Soap & Shower Gel Mouth Wash Toothbrushes Toothpaste Deodorants Feminine Hygiene. Laundry Detergent Fabric Softener Liquid Powder. Cleaning Supplies Dish Cleaners Bathroom Cleaners Multi Purpose Cleaners Air Fresheners. Paper & Plastic Trash Bags Tissue Disposable Napkins Disposable Cups. Small Appliances Blenders & Mixers Juice Extractors Food Preparation Vacuum Cleaners Coffee Machines View All Large Appliances Refrigerators Washing Machines Ovens & Ranges Air Conditioners Microwaves View All. Laptops Macbooks Gaming Laptops All In Ones | Desktops 2 in 1 Laptops Below AED 1,999 View All Accessories Hard Disks Routers Printers Monitors USB Drives View All. Televisions LED 4K UHD Smart TV Below AED 1,499 55" Full HD View All Home Audio/Video Speakers Home Theatres Projectors Headphones TV Accessories View All. Video Games Playstation 4 Xbox One Nintendo Switch Latest Games Gaming Accessories View All Cameras Action Cameras DSLRs Point & Shoot Lenses & Flash Accessories View All. Accessories Headsets Smartwatches Powerbanks Cables & Chargers Fitness Trackers View All Cases & Covers For iPhone 8 For Samsung S8 Below AED 59 For Xiaomi For iPhone 7 View All. Tablets iPads Samsung Microsoft Surface Lenovo Innjoo View All Shop By Price Below AED 299 AED 300 - 599 AED 600 - 999 AED 1000 - 1999 Above AED 2000 View All. Mobiles Samsung iPhones OnePlus Xiaomi Motorola Sony Nokia Huawei HTC BlackBerry ASUS Honor LG View All. Trending Samsung S8 iPhone X iPhone 8 Samsung Note 8 Honor 9 Lite View All Only On Souq OnePlus 5T ASUS Zenfone 2 Motorola G5 Plus BLU Vivo 6 Infinix S2 Pro View All. Baby & Toddler Diapering Baby Food Feeding Bath & Skin Care Baby Health & Safety Baby Toys & Accessories Nursery Clothing, Shoes & Accessories Shop All Buying Guide. Baby Gear Prams & Strollers Car Seats & Boosters Travel Systems Bouncers, Rockers, Swings Monitors & Gates Walkers High Chairs Playards Shop All. Toys & Games LEGO, Building & Blocks Electronic & RC Toys Action Figures Arts & Crafts Cards, Games & Puzzles Educational Toys Stuffed Toys Dolls & Dolls houses Dress Up & Pretend Play Board Games Party Supplies Shop All. Sports & Outdoor Play Playhouses , Tables & Slides Swing Sets & Climbers Trampolines & Accessories Swimming Pools & Water Toys Bikes, Scooters & Ride Ons Sandboxes & Beach Toys Blaster Toys Bounce Houses & Ball Pits. Video Games Playstation 4 Xbox One Nintendo Switch Latest Games Gaming Accessories View All. Furniture Bedroom Living Room Kitchen & Dining Room Home Office Home Entertainment Bean Bags Décor Wallpaper & Decals Clocks Paintings/Posters Candles & Holders Curtains & Slipcovers Garden Décor. Kitchen & Dining Cookware Dinnerware Bakeware Cutlery Glassware & Drinkware Serveware Kitchen Tools Do it Yourself Measuring & Layout Tools Hand Tools Power Tools Hardware Electrical. Outdoor Trolley Suitcases & Bags Packing & Bags Accessories Lawn & Garden Outdoor Living Grills & Outdoor Cooking Home Accents & Other Crafts Bean Bags Lightings Rugs, Carpets & Mats Decorative Cushions Clocks Sewing & Acessories Coins & Stamps Collections. Bed Comforters & Duvet Sets Bedspreads & Bedding Sheets Blankets & Throws Pillows Mattress & Toppers Bath Towels Tubs, Sinks & Taps Toilets & Urinals Pets Pet Food Pet Supplies Shop All. Perfumes & Fragrances Women Men New Arrivals Arabic Perfumes Fragrance Gift Sets Perfume Buying Guide Health Dietary Supplements Vitamins & Minerals Sport Nutrition Personal Scales Blood Pressure Monitors Small Medical Equipments. Makeup Eyes Lips Face Nails Palettes & Sets Beauty Tools & Brushes Hair Hair Straightners Hair Curlers Hair Dryers Oils, Serums & Treatments Wigs Hair Accessories. Personal Care Women Hair Removal Dental Care Skin Care Massagers Bath & Body Body Support & Slimming Men's Grooming Electric Shavers Trimmers Hair Clippers Beard & Mustache Care Hair Loss Treatment. Brand Stores Luxury Beauty L'Oreal Paris Maybelline Philips Braun Oral-B Scholl Veet. Cardio Training Treadmills Exercise Bikes Rowing Machines Aerobic Steppers Exercise Ropes Fitness Trackers Ab Machines Air walkers Gym Massager Sports Fashion Footwear Clothing Accessories. Strength & Weights Home Gym Dumbbells Medicine Balls Kettlebells & Barbells Multi-Function Benches Yoga Mats Gym Gloves Gym Balls Gym Belts. Outdoor Golf Skiing Water Sports Cycling Running Camping Camping Tents Accessories Lights Camping Bed. Team Sports Football Volleyball Basketball Tennis Cricket Squash Table Tennis Badminton Leisure Sports/Games Billiard Fishing Games. Brands Everlast Body Sculpture Nike Adidas Yonex Top Skyland Wilson Aqua Sphere Waterrower Marshall fitness Nordictrack Life Top TA Sports. Car Care & Protection Air fresheners & Purifiers Car Covers Car Cleaning Tools Car polishing product Vacuum Cleaners Vehicle Fluids & Lubricants Car Multimedia Car Video system Car Audio system Car Audio & Video Tools Woofers & Amplifiers Car Bluetooth Kit Car Camera system. GPS devices Navigation System Portable Navigators In-Dash Navigators Handheld Navigators GPS Accessories GPS Receiver Car Parts & tools Car Parts Car Error Reader Car Lightings Car Air Filters Car Maintainence Car Tools. Car Accessories Interiors Accessories Exterior Accessories Car Key & Keychains Tires & wheels Compressors & Tire inflators Tire tools & product Motorcycle Parts. Top Brands Garmin Sony Clayton Boschmann JVC JBL Turtle Wax American Breeze Armor All Jabra Kenwood. Order with FREE Shipping by Souq.com. All orders of 100.00 AED or more of eligible items across any product category qualify for FREE Shipping.. This program is available only to UAE residents.. What items are eligible for FREE Shipping? The Items that are packed, fulfilled and shipped by Souq.com, which can be identified by the fulfilled by souq badge.. With FREE Shipping, your order will be delivered within the estimated shipping speed available after you checkout.. To place an order online, do the following:. 1- Add at least 100.00 AED of eligible items (in which case all other eligible items in the order also ship free) to your Shopping Cart. 2- To find eligible for FREE Shipping offers, Here are two quick and easy ways:. - Look for products with fulfilled by Souq badge in search results and detail pages. - When you search for products, select “Eligible for FREE Shipping on fulfilled by Souq filter from the left side of the search results page. - Not using search? Look for products with fulfilled by Souq badge.. Any item with fulfilled by Souq badge on the product detail page that is fulfilled and shipped by Souq is eligible and contributes to your free shipping order minimum.. For more information, go to About FREE Shipping by Souq .. Asus ZenFone Go ZB452KG Dual Sim - 8GB, 1GB RAM, 3G, WiFi, Charcoal Black. Asus ZenFone Go ZB452KG Dual Sim - 8GB, 1GB RAM, 3G, WiFi, Charcoal Black. Stored, Packed and Shipped by Souq.com. 1 Year Warranty +Free!. Warranty for 1 year for free More Details. Warranty for 1 year for free More Details. 1 Year Warranty + Damage Protection +11.00 AED. 1 years warranty with accidental damage protection from liquid spill and cracked screens More Details. 1 years warranty with accidental damage protection from liquid spill and cracked screens More Details. 2 Years Warranty +11.00 AED. 2 years warranty, one year free + year extended More Details. 2 years warranty, one year free + year extended More Details. 2 Years Warranty + Damage Protection +14.00 AED. 2 years warranty including accidental damage protection against water spills and cracked screen More Details. 2 years warranty including accidental damage protection against water spills and cracked screen More Details. (2) more offers starting from. Ship to Dubai ( Change city ) Want it TODAY? Order before 3 PM Select Same Day Delivery on checkout.. (2) more offers starting from 229.01 AED. Asus ZenFone Go ZB452KG Dual Sim - 8GB, 1GB RAM, 3.... Romoss Solo 5 10000 mAh Powerbank - White. Sony Sound Monitoring Over The Ear Headset [Black,... Sports Running Armband Case Cover Holder for iPhon... Wired Remote Shutter Extendable Handheld Selfie St... Bluedio T2 Plus Hurricane Series Wireless Bluetoot... Asus Zen Watch 2 - 1.63 Inch, Blue Leather Strap, ... Anker PowerDrive Quick Charge 3.0 Anker 42W 2-Port... Xiaomi Mi Band 2 with OLED Screen and Heart Rate M... Thank you for rating! Write a full review. Brand ASUS Operating System Type Android Storage Capacity 8 GB RAM Memory 1 GB. Brand ASUS Operating System Type Android Storage Capacity 8 GB RAM Memory 1 GB Wireless Connections SIM Dual SIM Product weight 125 g Mobile Phone Type Smartphone Networking type 3G CPU Quad Core Model Number ZB452KG Multi SIM Card Battery Capacity in mAh 2000 - 3000 mAH UPC-A 889349456125 Item EAN 2724332856590 Audio 3.5 mm Audio Jack Display Screen Size 4.1 - 4.5 Inch Display Display Size (Inch) __NO_VALUE__ Connectivity Bluetooth version v4.0 Connectivity Bluetooth Connectivity 3G Connectivity NFC Camera Front Flash Color Color Black Power Management Fast Charge Technical Information Operating System Version Android 5.1. The Asus ZenFone Go ZB452KG Dual SIM smartphone has brought home the 2015 iF Design Award, thanks to its chic, stylish, and 125g lightweight design. Powered by a 1.2GHz Cortex A7 Quad Core processor, the device can take on some of the most demanding applications without breaking a. The Asus ZenFone Go ZB452KG Dual SIM smartphone has brought home the 2015 iF Design Award, thanks to its chic, stylish, and 125g lightweight design. Powered by a 1.2GHz Cortex A7 Quad Core processor, the device can take on some of the most demanding applications without breaking a sweat and offers a seamless user interface. The CPU teams up with a 1GB RAM module that gives you smoother multitasking and an optimized Android Lollipop 5.1 OS experience. The Adreno 302 GPU increases the FPS rate and provides you with glitch free visuals. The 8GB internal storage offers sufficient space to install a multitude of apps from Google Play Store. You can save a whole lot more of your personal data by installing an external memory card via mobile’s microSD card slot. The 4.5inch display of the device produces stunning visual quality. This dual SIM phone supports the 3G band for high speed mobile communication. Available in a charcoal black finish, the Asus ZenFone Go ZB452KG Dual SIM 4G smartphone packs a 2070mAh battery that offers an extended uptime.. This Asus dual SIM Android has a highly intuitive control layout. As a part of the new Ergonomic Arc design, the mobile incorporates a physical rear key. This Asus ZenFone 2 smartphone makes it feel completely natural to snap selfies and adjust the volume. The elegant new shape feels extremely comfortable and secure to hold.. This Asus Android dual SIM mobile features two SIM cards slots in one device that allows you to keep your personal and business contacts separate. The advanced antenna design of the ZenFone Go provides fantastic performance, even in areas with weak signal quality. The device also conserves power while searching for a signal that significantly increases standby time.. Featuring more than 1000 features that improve upon the stock Android interface, the ASUS ZenUI of the device allows you to enjoy simpler and smarter mobile computing. The stylish layout of the UI expands white space for a cleaner design and places the information you need front and centre. Double tap anywhere on the display for waking the device or putting it to sleep.. 83 ratings. of users recommend this product to a friend. Thank you for rating! Write a full review. What's not so good about this product:. What's not so good about this product:. Good Device good performance everything is good price performance, duarble.. friends its a good mobile compare to price than other. u cant get this type of feature in this price. compare to price its a good mobile. Please verify your mobile number to complete your checkout. We will send you an SMS containing a verification code. Please double check your mobile number and click on "Send Verification Code" .. We sent your verification code by SMS to +. Enter the code below and hit Verify. + 971. I didn't receive my verification code. Your Mobile number has been verified!. Have a question or an issue? We are here to help. Popular Searches White Friday Samsung S9 | S9+ Samsung Apple IPhone Souq Fashion Souq SuperMarket AmazonBasics Home & Kitchen Sports & Fitness Baby & Toys. My Account Log In / Register My Shopping Cart My Orders My Addresses Wish Lists Account Settings Account Summary Intellectual Property Brand and Copyright Owners Marketplace Sellers. Selling on Souq.com Sell on souq.com How It Works Selling Policies Seller Terms and Conditions Fulfilled by Souq FAQs Buying on Souq.com How to Buy Easy Payment Plans Return Policy Advertise with us Help. About Us Media Center Careers Privacy Policy Terms and Conditions Affiliate Program Helpbit Services. 
ASUS ZenFone Go ‏ZB452KG mobile phone overview, ASUS ZenFone Go ‏ZB452KG prices and specifications.. ASUS ZenFone Go ‏ZB452KG mob. org » Mobile phones catalogue » ASUS. Select brand Apple Fly HTC LG Motorola Nokia Samsung Sony-Ericsson Alcatel BenQ-Siemens Mobiado Philips Sagem Vertu 3Q 4Good Acer AEG AGGRESSOR AIEK Ainol AirOn AKMobile AllView Amazon AMOI Ampe AnexTEK ANYCOOL AnyDATA Archos Ark Assistant ASTRO ASUS Audiovox bb-mobile BBK BELLFORT Benefon BenQ Bird BlackBerry Blackview Bliss BLU Bluboo Borton Bosch BQ BRAVIS Caterpillar Changhong Cherry Mobile CHUWI Colorfly Conquest Contixo Coolpad CROWN Cube Cubot Daewoo Dboiz DELL DESTEN DEXP Digma Discovery Dmobo DNS Donod DOOGEE Doro Phoneeasy Dunobil E-ten ECOO Effire EKEN Elari Elenberg Elephone Emol Emote Energy Sistem eNOL Eplutus Ergo Ericsson ESTAR Etuline EVOLVEO Evromedia Explay Ferguson FLYCAT FREETEL Fujitsu Fujitsu-Siemens G-Plus Garmin Garmin Asus Gazer General Mobile GEO-MOBILE GEOFOX Getac Giga GigaByte Gigaset Ginza Ginzzu Gionee Globex GOCLEVER GoldStar GoldVish Google Gresso Grundig GSmart Gtran Haier Highscreen Hisense Hitachi HOLLEY COMMUNICATIONS HOMTOM HP Huawei Hugerock Hyundai i-Mate i-Mobile iBall IconBit IEI iKids Impression iNew INFINIX InFocus Innos Innostream INTEX Aqua iOcean IQM Irbis iRu Irulu IUNI Jeka Jiayu Jinga JOA Telecom Jolla Just5 Karbonn Kata Kazam KENEKSI Kenned KENXINDA Kiano KingSing KINGZONE Konka KREZ Krome Kruger&Matz Kyocera Lark Lava Leagoo Lenco Lenovo LeTV LEXAND Luckystar Luxpad Magic Manta MaxCom Maxon Maxvi Mediacom MEDION Meizu Micromax Microsoft MicroXperts MIJUE Mitac Mito Mitsubishi Mlais Modecom MTS MyPhone MyTab MyWigo NEC Neffos NeoNode Newgen Newman NO.1 Nomi NOUS NTT NVIDIA O2 OINOM Onda OnePlus OPlus Oppo ORRO ORSiO OUKITEL Overmax Oysters Palm Panasonic Pantech Pantech-Curitel Perfeo Phicomm PiPO Pixus Plark PlayPad PocketBook Point of View Porsche Premier Prestigio PULWIN Qmobile Qtek Qumo RangerFone Reellex RITZVIVA Roadmax Rolsen Rover PC RoverPad RugGear Runbo S-TELL Sanyo Seals Seekwood Sendo Senseit SerteC Sewon Sharp Siemens Sigma mobile Siswoo Sitronics SK Skylink SkyTiger Skyvox Smartisan SMS Technology Australia SoftBank Song Sonim Sony Soutec Stark SUGAR Supra Synertek T-Mobile Teclast Tel.me. Tele2 TELEFUNKEN Tengda Tesla TeXet ThL Tonino Lamborghini Toplux Torex Torson Toshi Toshiba TrekStar Turbo TurboKids TurboPad TwinMOS Ubiquam Uhans Ulefone UMI Venso Verico Vernee VERSIYA VERTEX Videocon ViewSonic Viking VK Corporation Vkworld Voxtel Watchtech Wexler Wiko Wileyfox Withus X-Digital Xcute xDevice Xiaomi XOLO Yarvik YEZZ Yota Zakang Zetta Zopo ZTE ZUK Билайн МегаФон. Select model E600 Fonepad 7 Fonepad 7 FE170CG Fonepad 7 FE171CG Fonepad 8 FE380CG Fonepad 8 FE380CXG Fonepad ME372CL Fonepad Note 6 16Gb J101 J102 J103 J121 J202 J206 J208 Live ‏G500TG M303 M310 M530w M930 MeMO Pad 10 ME102A MeMO Pad 7 ME170C MeMO Pad 7 ME176CX MeMO Pad 7 ME375CL MeMO Pad 7 ME572C MeMO Pad 7 ME572CL MeMO Pad 7 ME70C MeMO Pad 8 ME581CL MeMO Pad FHD 10 ME302C MeMO Pad FHD 10 ME302KL MeMO Pad HD 7 Nexus 7 2012 Nexus 7 2013 P320 P505 P525 P527 P535 P550 P552w P565 P750 P835 PadFone PadFone 2 A68 PadFone E 16Gb PadFone mini 4.3 Pegasus P526 The New Padfone Infinity 64Gb Transformer Book Transformer Book T100CHI Transformer Book T100HA Transformer Book T100TAL dock Transformer Book T100TA dock Transformer Book T101HA Transformer Book T200TA dock Transformer Pad Infinity TF700KL Transformer Pad Infinity TF701T dock Transformer Pad TF103C Transformer Pad TF103CE Transformer Pad TF103CG Transformer Pad TF103CG dock Transformer Pad TF103CX Transformer Pad TF103C dock Transformer Pad TF303CL dock Transformer Pad TF303CL LTE V55 V66 V75 V80 V90 VivoTab 8 VivoTab Note 8 ZenFone 2 ZenFone 2 Deluxe ZenFone 2 Deluxe SE ZenFone 2 Laser ZE500KG Zenfone 2 Laser ZE500KL ZenFone 2 Laser ZE550KL ZenFone 2 Laser ZE551KL ZenFone 2 Laser ZE600KL Zenfone 2 Laser ZE601KL Zenfone 2 Lazer ZE500KL ZenFone 2 Max ZC550KL ZenFone 2 ZE551ML Zenfone 3 ZenFone 3s Max ZenFone 3 Deluxe ZenFone 3 Deluxe ZS550KL ZenFone 3 Deluxe ZS570KL ZenFone 3 Laser ZC551KL ZenFone 3 Max ‏ZC520TL ZenFone 3 Max ZC553KL ZenFone 3 Ultra ZenFone 3 ZE520KL ZenFone 3 Zoom ZE553KL Zenfone 4 Zenfone 4 A450CG ZenFone 4 Deluxe ZenFone 4 Max ZenFone 4 Ultra Zenfone 5 8Gb Zenfone 5 Lite Zenfone 5 LTE Zenfone 6 8Gb ZenFone AR ZS571KL ZenFone C ZenFone Go ZenFone Go TV ZenFone Go ‏ZB452KG ZenFone Go ZB500KG ZenFone Go ZB551KL ZenFone Go ZB552KL ZenFone Go ZB690KG ZenFone Live ZenFone Live Dual Sim ZenFone Max Plus ZenFone Max ZC550KL ZenFone Selfie ZenFone Zoom ZenFone Zoom ZX551ML ZenPad 10 Z300CG ZenPad 10 Z300CL ZenPad 10 Z300CNG ZenPad 10 Z300CNL ZenPad 10 Z300M ZenPad 10 Z301ML ZenPad 10 Z500KL ZenPad 3 ZenPad 3S ZenPad 7.0 Z170C ZenPad 7.0 Z370C ZenPad 7.0 Z370KL ZenPad 8.0 Z380CX ZenPad 8.0 Z380KL ZenPad 8.0 Z380M ZenPad 8.0 Z581KL ZenPad 8 Z380KNL ZenPad C 7.0 Z170CG ZenPad S 8.0. All for ASUS ZenFone Go ‏ZB452KG. ASUS ZenFone Go ‏ZB452KG phone. Wallpapers for ASUS ZenFone Go ‏ZB452KG. Games for ASUS ZenFone Go ‏ZB452KG. Android games for ASUS ZenFone Go ‏ZB452KG. Live wallpapers for ASUS ZenFone Go ‏ZB452KG. Games for ASUS ZenFone Go ‏ZB452KG. Ringtones for ASUS ZenFone Go ‏ZB452KG. Themes for ASUS ZenFone Go ‏ZB452KG. HTC LG Samsung Motorola Fly Sony-Ericsson Apple Nokia. Mobiado Vertu BenQ-Siemens Sagem Alcatel Philips. BRAVIS Digma Energy Sistem KREZ Kata Oppo OnePlus RugGear Wexler Impression Xiaomi SUGAR Cubot UMI DOOGEE BQ iOcean iNew KENEKSI Karbonn GSmart Jinga DNS Ginzzu Maxvi ThL Sigma mobile OPlus Torex Elephone DEXP Zopo KingSing InFocus Jolla 3Q 4Good AEG AGGRESSOR AIEK Ainol AirOn AKMobile AllView Amazon Ampe AnexTEK ANYCOOL AnyDATA Archos Ark Assistant ASTRO Audiovox bb-mobile Билайн BELLFORT Benefon Blackview Bliss BLU Bluboo Borton Caterpillar Cherry Mobile CHUWI Colorfly Conquest Contixo Coolpad CROWN Cube Dboiz DESTEN Discovery Dmobo Donod Doro Phoneeasy Dunobil ECOO Effire EKEN Elari Elenberg Emote eNOL Eplutus Ergo ESTAR Etuline EVOLVEO Evromedia Explay Ferguson FLYCAT FREETEL Fujitsu G-Plus Garmin Garmin Asus Gazer General Mobile GEO-MOBILE GEOFOX Getac Gigaset Gionee Globex GOCLEVER GoldStar GoldVish Google Gresso Gtran Highscreen HOMTOM Hugerock i-Mate i-Mobile iBall IconBit IEI iKids INFINIX Innos INTEX Aqua IQM Irbis iRu Irulu IUNI Jeka Jiayu JOA Telecom Just5 Kazam Kenned KENXINDA Kiano KINGZONE Krome Kruger&Matz Lark Lava Leagoo Lenco LeTV LEXAND Luckystar Luxpad Magic Manta MaxCom Mediacom MEDION МегаФон Micromax MicroXperts MIJUE Mito Mlais Modecom MTS MyPhone MyTab MyWigo NEC Neffos NeoNode Newgen Newman NO.1 Nomi NOUS NTT NVIDIA O2 OINOM Onda ORRO ORSiO OUKITEL Overmax Oysters Palm Perfeo Phicomm PiPO Pixus Plark PlayPad PocketBook Point of View Premier Prestigio PULWIN Qmobile Qtek Qumo RangerFone Reellex RITZVIVA Roadmax Rolsen Rover PC RoverPad Runbo S-TELL Seals Seekwood Sendo Senseit SerteC Sewon Siswoo Sitronics SK Skylink SkyTiger Skyvox Smartisan SMS Technology Australia Song Sonim Stark Supra Synertek T-Mobile Teclast Tel.me. Tele2 TELEFUNKEN Tengda Tesla TeXet Tonino Lamborghini Torson Toshi TrekStar Turbo TurboKids TurboPad TwinMOS Ubiquam Uhans Ulefone Venso Verico Vernee VERSIYA VERTEX Videocon Viking VK Corporation Vkworld Voxtel Wiko Wileyfox Withus X-Digital Xcute xDevice XOLO Yarvik YEZZ Yota Zakang Zetta ZUK Sanyo Mitsubishi Toshiba ZTE Kyocera Innostream ViewSonic Porsche E-ten Huawei Watchtech ASUS HOLLEY COMMUNICATIONS Soutec Bosch AMOI Sharp Daewoo Toplux Acer Fujitsu-Siemens Konka Microsoft HP DELL Giga GigaByte Hitachi BenQ Emol Panasonic Grundig BBK Pantech-Curitel Pantech Hisense Haier Ericsson Hyundai Mitac Sony Maxon Lenovo Siemens SoftBank Ginza Changhong Meizu Bird BlackBerry. You can not compare more 50 models. First you have to remove one of the already added phones.. Touch monochrome display Resolution: 480x854 pixels Screen size: 4.5 inch.. Please, select version of your platform. Why do I need to select the version of my platform?. To select compatible games for your device, we need to know the version of your platform.. How to find out the version of my platform?. ASUS ZenFone Go ‏ZB452KG overview, full specifications and prices.. 
Looks like you really like Pricena! To continue browsing we need to make sure you are human :) Just check the box below and you're good to go.. If this doesn't work, please get in touch with us on info[at]pricena.com.. 
Categories Trending News en de es it pl tr fr br ru id nl da sv. Asus Zenfone Go (ZB452KG): 93 facts and highlights. Meizu Pro 7 Plus 64GB: 10 x 2.6GHz. Sony Xperia Z5 Premium Dual: 806ppi. The bigger the screen size is, the better the user experience.. Nokia 808 Pureview: 16 & 13MP. Sony Xperia XZ Premium: 2160 x 3840px. Blu Vivo X: 20 & 8MP. The device has a standard memory slot (such as an SD or micro SD card slot) so that you can either extend the internal storage with affordable memory modules or you can retrieve data, such as photographs, easily from a memory card.. The device has a display with three full subpixels per pixel, resulting in a sharp and crisp picture. Pixels in some displays (like AMOLED) share one subpixel to preserve space. This can result in a less crisp, slightly blurred image.. The battery is removable and can be replaced by the user if broken.. It can transfer files, music, photos via USB, no need to install additional software.. It works as an FM radio with included headsets. Allows you to view in ultra-high definition.. Asus Zenfone Go (ZB452KG) (Android 5.1 Lollipop). IPS (In-Plane Switching) is a technology used for LCDs. It was designed to overcome the main limitations of normal TFTs TN-matrices: relatively slow response times, small viewing angles and low quality color reproduction.. With a wider aperture the sensor can capture more light, helping to avoid blur by enabling a faster shutter speed. It also provides a shallow depth of field, allowing you to blur the background to focus attention on the subject.. The web browser has automatic word wrap when zooming, the user can easily read long lines without scrolling horizontally.. Asus Zenfone Go (ZB452KG) (Android 5.1 Lollipop). Asus Zenfone Go (ZB452KG) (Android 5.1 Lollipop). Samsung Galaxy Note 8 (Qualcomm Snapdragon 835) 256GB. Samsung Galaxy S7 edge (Exynos 8890 Octa). Samsung Galaxy Note 8 (Qualcomm Snapdragon 835) 256GB. Samsung Galaxy S7 edge (Exynos 8890 Octa). This page is currently only available in English.. Imprint Privacy Policy Jobs Terms and Conditions. Versus.com is a data-driven comparison platform where you can compare anything, from cars to smartphones or cities. Versus currently comprises 7 million product comparisons and covers the latest technology news.. 
The next video is starting stop. Asus Zenfone GO (ZB551KL) - Review. Want to watch this again later?. Sign in to add this video to a playlist.. Sign in to report inappropriate content.. Sign in to make your opinion count.. Sign in to make your opinion count.. Rating is available when the video has been rented.. This feature is not available right now. vvvvvvvvvv READ HERE vvvvvvvvv Subscribe!: https://www.youtube.com/channel/UClLC... Buy Here Asus Zenfone Go (ZB551KL) http://www.fotodigit.it/scheda_prodot... OTHER INFORMATIONS -Accelerometer -Hall -Burst Mode -Geotagging -Pano Mode -HDR -Face Detection -ISO Settings -Scene Mode -BeiDou -SAR Head (EU): 0.418 W/kg | SAR Body (EU) 0.423 W/kg Informations taken to: http://www.devicespecifications.com/en. When autoplay is enabled, a suggested video will automatically play next.. Asus Zenfone 4 (Dual Camera | Snapdragon 630 | 5.5" FHD) - Unboxing & Hands On!. ASUS Zenfone GO ZB552KL: Review and Unboxing. ZB551KL Review Asus Zenfone Go 5,5 inch. Asus Zenfone Max Screen Scratch Test Gorilla Glass 4. Hard Reset Asus Zenfone Go X014D. Asus Zenfone GO ZB 551KL Screen Replacement. AnTuTu test - Asus ZenFone Go vs Samsung Galaxy E5 vs Sony Xperia E4. ASUS Zenfone Go [Análise] - TecMundo. Top 5 Best ASUS Smartphone in 2017. unbox & first impression ASUS ZENFONE GO ZB500KL. Asus Zenfone Go India Hands on Review, Camera and Features. The Super Smartphone You've Never Heard Of.... How to disassemble 📱 Asus ZenFone Go ZB551KL Take apart Tutorial. Top 8 Best BUDGET Phones 2017. Review Asus ZenFone Go ZB452KG (unboxing, design, review, camera). Sign in to add this to Watch Later. 
Home Smartphone Android Harga Asus Zenfone Go ZB452KG Mei 2017, Andalkan Kamera 8 MP Performa.... Smartphone Android Brands Asus Berita Utama. Harga Asus Zenfone Go ZB452KG Mei 2017, Andalkan Kamera 8 MP Performa Handal. GSM 850 / 900 / 1800 / 1900. HSDPA 800 / 850 / 900 / 1900 / 2100. 136.5 x 66.7 x 11.2 mm. 480 x 854 pixels (~218 ppi pixel density). Wi-Fi 802.11 b/g/n, Wi-Fi Direct, hotspot. 8 MP, 3264 x 2448 pixels, Autofocus, Led Flash. Continuous shooting, Digital zoom, Geotagging, Panorama, HDR, Touch focus, Face detection, White balance settings, ISO settings Exposure, compensation, Self-timer, Scene mode, 5 MP – market dependent,. 8 MP, 1600 x 1200 pixels. SMS (threaded view), MMS, Email, Push Email, IM. Black, White, Blue, Gray, Gold, Red, Yellow. OKETEKNO.COM – Harga Asus Zenfone Go ZB452KG Terbaru dan Spesifikasi Lengkap, Produsen smartphone dari vendor Taiwan yakni Asus kembali merilis smartphone terbaru bertajuk Asus Zenfone Go ZB452KG yang masuk dalam seri Asus Zenfone Go namun dengan layar 4.5 inchi. Smartphone ini membawa peningkatan pada beberapa sektor jika dibandingkan pendahulunya yakni pada processor dan bekalan kamera yang dimiliki. Harga Asus Zenfone Go ZB452KG sendiri akan dilepas meyasak kalangan menengah kebawah dengan banderolan harga terjangkau.. Sejatinya spesifikasi Asus Zenfone Go ZB452KG ini mirip dengan Asus Zenfone Go ZC4551TG hanya saja untuk Asus Zenfone Go ZB452KG yang dirilis pada April 2016 ini menawarkan processor yang lebih mumpuni dan juga resolusi kamera yag lebih handal. Meskipun demikian banderolan harga yang ditawarkan tetap terjangkau dimana ponsel cerdas ini telah melenggang di Malaysia. Simak ulasan spesifikasi Asus Zenfone Go ZB452KG dan harga terbarunya dibawah ini.. Review Spesifikasi Asus Zenfone Go ZB452KG. Smartphone ini hadir dengan menawarkan jaringan 2G GSM dan 3G HSDPA dengan akses internet yang kencang berkecepatan hingga HSPA+ yang memang kencang. Selain itu, Asus Zenfone Go ZB452KG juga didukung dengan konektivitas Wi-Fi dan juga Hotspot untuk kebutuhan selancar dunia maya di area hotspot serta untuk kebutuhan tethering. Sayangnya peningkatan spesifikasi Asus Zenfone Go ZB452KG tidak didukung dengan hadirnya jaringan 4G LTE sehingga pengguna tidak dapat merasakan kenangnya akses internet LTE. Meskipun demikian banderolan harga terjangkau Asus Zenfone Go ZB452KG juga telah didukung dengan GPS navigasi, Browser, Bluetooth dan juga port microUSB dengan dukungan fitur Dual SIM Micro.. Untuk urusan layar, Asus Zenfone Go ZB452KG memang masih menggunakan layar seluas 4.5 inchi yang masih menggunakan panel TFT capacitive touhcscreen dengan kedalaman warna mencapai 16 juta warna. Layar tersebut menghasilkan tampilan yang bening dan jernih serta natural siap memanjakan mata pengguna. Resolusi layar Asus Zenfone Go ZB452KG sendiri masih menggunakan 480 x 854 pixels dengan kepadatan layar mencapai 218 ppi per inchinya. Kelebihan Asus Zenfone Go ZB452KG telah menawarkan lapisan anti gores Scratch resistant yang menjadikan bodinya tahan gores dan benturan ringan.. Untuk dimensi yang dimiliki Asus Zenfone Go ZB452KG sendiri menawarkan ukuran yang pas dalam genggaman serta nyaman saat digunakan. Bodi Asus Zenfone Go ZB452KG mencapai 136.5 x 66.7 mm dengan ketebalan hingga 11.2 mm yang memang jauh dari kesan ramping. Menariknya seelain nyaman dalam genggaman bodi Asus Zenfone Go ZB452KG juga ringan dengan bobot hanya 125 gram saja. Empat bodinya juga dibuat membulat dimana masih menggunakan material polikarbonat yang tersedia dalam warna hitam, kuning, merah, gold, biru, abu-abu dan putih.. Usungan antarmuka yang dimiliki Asus Zenfone Go ZB452KG sendiri hadir dengan dukungan antarmuka Zen UI yang menawan. Apalagi sistem pengoperasian yang dijalankan dalam Asus Zenfone Go ZB452KG ini menggunakan sistem operasi Android OS v5.1 Lollipop yang kaya akan fitur terbaru. Masih sama dengan pendahulunya, Asus Zenfone Go ZB452KG hadir dengan menawarkan kapasitas internal sebesar 8 GB yang dapat diperluas dengan kartu microSD hingga kapasitas mencapai 64 GB yang lebih luas dan lapang sehingga pengguna dapat lebih leluasa dalam hal penyimpanan file.. Dapur pacu yang ditanamkan dalam Asus Zenfone Go ZB452KG sendiri hadir dengan menawarkan performa yang handal dan mumpuni dimana dipersenjatai oleh processor yang lebih unggul dibandngkan Asus Zenfone Go ZC4551TG. Didalamnya tertanam processor Quad-core Cortex-A5 dengan top speed 1.2 GHz yang diusung oleh chipset Qualcomm MSM8625Q Snapdragon 200. Processor tersebut akan didampingi dengan RAM 1 GB sehingga menghasilkan kinerja dan performa yang lebih responsif. Dan untuk visual grafis Asus Zenfone Go ZB452KG sendiri hadir dengan membawakan chip grafis Adreno 302 dengan suguhan menawan saat digunakan bermain game.. Ketangguhan Asus Zenfone Go ZB452KG juga dapat dilihat dari spesifikasi kameranya yang telah ditingkatkan dibandingkan pendahulunya. Terdapat kamera belakang beresolusi 8 MP yang telah didukung dengan fitur Autofocus, Led Flash yang menghasilkan gambar jernih dan tajam. Selain itu dari kamera utama Asus Zenfone Go ZB452KG juga dapat digunakan untuk merekam video dengan kualitas HD [email. Sementara bagi para pecinta selfie akan dimanjakan dengan kamera depan beresolusi 2 MP yang mampu mendukung kebutuhan selfie dan video call.. Baterai yang ditanamkan dalam Asus Zenfone Go ZB452KG sendiri berkapasitas pas-pasan dmana membawa baterai Li-Po dengan daya 2070 mAh. Meskipun demikian baterai tersebut mampu digunakan hingga seharian dan memiliki aktu standby lumayan lama. Cek update harga Asus Zenfone Go ZB452KG dan ketersediaannya dibawah ini.. Harga Asus Zenfone Go ZB452KG Baru : Rp. Harga Asus Zenfone Go ZB452KG Bekas : Rp –. Spesifikasi yang dibawa oleh Asus Zenfone Go ZB452KG terbilang cukup mumpuni mesipun membawa kekurangan belum dilengkapi dengan jaringan 4G LTE. Asus Zenfone Go ZB452KG sendiri telah dirilis bahkan telah dipasarkan di Malaysia. Harga Asus Zenfone Go ZB452KG terbaru sekitar Rp 1.099.000 saja yang disediakan dengan pilihan warna Black, White, Blue, Gray, Gold, Red, Yellow.. Demikian informasi terkait harga Asus Zenfone Go ZB452KG terbaru dan spesifikasi lengkap yang dapat saya sampaikan untuk kali ini. Semoga saja ulasan harga diatas dapat bermanfaat dan membantu anda yang mencari referensi mengenai smartphone Asus terbaru dengan hargga murmer.. Baca Juga Daftar Harga HP Asus Terbaru. TAGS Android Asus Asus Zenfone Go ZB452KG Smartphone. Previous article Rumor Motorola Moto X4 Play, Harga dan Spesifikasi Usung CPU Octa-core RAM 4GB Stylish. Next article Harga ZTE Jasper LTE dan Spesifikasi, Smartphone LTE MurMer Desain Compact CPU Quad-core. adalah penulis junior yang masih banyak belajar untuk berbagi informasi seputar teknologi dengan pembaca semuanya :). Harga ZTE Blade V9 Vita dan Spesifikasi, Versi Murah dengan Layar Penuh Dual Kamera. Harga Nokia 1 Android Go dan Spesifikasi, Smartphone Oreo 4G LTE Hanya Sejutaan. Untuk Jaga Privasi, Begini Cara Internetan Tersembunyi di Android!. LEAVE A REPLY Cancel reply. You have entered an incorrect email address!. Please enter your email address here. Harga ZTE Blade V9 Vita dan Spesifikasi, Versi Murah dengan Layar Penuh Dual Kamera. rieya - Feb 26, 2018. Harga Nokia 1 Android Go dan Spesifikasi, Smartphone Oreo 4G LTE Hanya Sejutaan. rieya - Feb 26, 2018. Untuk Jaga Privasi, Begini Cara Internetan Tersembunyi di Android!. Dean - Feb 26, 2018. Rilis Akhir Maret 2018, Apa Kejutan dari Xiaomi Mi Mix 2S?. Vivo Apex, Smartphone Full Screen Bakal Rilis di MWC 2018?. Resmi, Inilah Spesifikasi ZTE Blade V9 dan V9 Vita!. Terungkap! Ini Dia Hasil Benchmark Samsung Galaxy S9 vs iPhone X!. ZTE Tempo Go, Smartphone Android Go Pertama ZTE Pesaing Nokia 1!. Canggihnya Dual Aperture Pada Kamera Samsung Galaxy S9, Seperti Apa?. Keren, Samsung Bagi-bagi Galaxy S9 dan Galaxy S9+ ke Ribuan Penonton!. Wah, Xiaomi Mi Max 3 Akan Dibekali Pemindai Retina dan Pengisian Nirkabel!. Smartphone Petualang Land Rover Explore, Spek Tangguh Tahan Banting!. Write CSS OR LESS and hit save. 
All orders of 100.00 AED or more on fulfilled by Souq items across any product category qualify for FREE shipping.. Changed your mind, you can return your product and get a full refund.. Pay for your order in cash at the moment the shipment is delivered to your doorstep. UAE Egypt Saudi Kuwait. Let us wish you a happy birthday!. Make sure to buy your groceries and daily needs. Let us wish you a happy birthday!. Let us wish you a happy birthday!. Day 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 28 29 30 31. Year 1999 1998 1997 1996 1995 1994 1993 1992 1991 1990 1989 1988 1987 1986 1985 1984 1983 1982 1981 1980 1979 1978 1977 1976 1975 1974 1973 1972 1971 1970 1969 1968 1967 1966 1965 1964 1963 1962 1961 1960 1959 1958 1957 1956 1955 1954 1953 1952 1951 1950 1949 1948 1947 1946 1945 1944 1943 1942 1941 1940 1939 1938 1937 1936 1935 1934 1933 1932 1931 1930 1929 1928 1927 1926 1925 1924 1923 1922 1921 1920 1919 1918 1917 1916 1915 1914 1913 1912 1911 1910 1909 1908 1907 1906 1905. Please fill in a complete birthday. All Categories Supermarket Electronics Mobiles & Tablets Baby & Toys Home & Kitchen Perfumes & Beauty Sports & Fitness Automotive Brand Stores Books. New Arrivals Women Men Kids Sports Watches & Jewelry Bags Eyewear Collections International Store Top Brands Outlet Amazon Global Store. Women Clothing Footwear Bags & Wallets Watches Sunglasses & Frames Jewelry. Men Clothing Footwear Bags & Wallets Watches Sunglasses & Frames. Sports Men Sportswear Men Athletic Shoes Women Sportswear Women Athletic Shoes. Clothing Dresses Jumpsuits Tops T-shirts Jeans Pants Sportswear Swimwear Lingerie Sleepwear Skirts Jackets & Coats Arabian Wear. Bags & Accessories Totes & Hobos Cross Body Bags Clutches & Evening Bags Backpacks Wallets. Shoes Athletic Casual & Sneakers Heels Wedges Flats Sandal & Slippers Boots. Watches Fashion Watches Luxury Watches Watch Organizers Leather Bands Stainless Steel Jewelry Necklaces & Pendants Earrings Bracelets Jewelry Sets Charms Rings Fine Jewelry. Eyewear Sunglasses Optical Frames Contact Lenses Aviator Wayfarer Cat Eye Clubmaster. Top Brands adidas Aldo Call It Spring Forever 21 Guess Michael Kors Missguided Nike Only Puma Lacoste Koton Vero Moda. Clothing Shirts Polos T-shirts Jeans Trousers Sportswear Shorts Swimwear Underwear Sleepwear Jackets, Coats & Hoodies. Bags Backpacks Wallets Messenger bags Belts Hats & Caps Cufflinks Jewelry. Shoes Athletic Casual & Sneakers Sandals Slippers Boots. Eyewear Sunglasses Optical Frames Contact Lenses Aviator Wayfarer Round Rimless. Watches Fashion Watches Luxury Watches Watch Organizers Leather Bands Stainless Steel Band. Top Brands Brave Soul Call It Spring Forever 21 Fred Perry Hugo Boss Jack & Jones Lacoste Levi's Original Penguin Polo Ralph Lauren Skechers Timberland Tommy Hilfiger U.S. Women | Sportswear Tops & Tees Bottoms Bras and Vests Running Clothing Training Clothing Shop All Women | Sport Shoes Running shoes Walking shoes Training shoes Shop All. Men | Sportswear Tops & Tees Bottoms Sports Jackets Training Clothing Running Clothing Shop All Men | Sport Shoes Running shoes Walking shoes Training shoes Shop All. Top Brands adidas Nike Skechers Puma New Balance Under Armour Asics Anta Columbia Converse Mizuno Vans Shop All. Women Clothing Only Vero Moda Tommy Hilfiger Glamorous Forever 21 Tally Weijl Quiz Clothing Guess Juicy Couture Brave Soul Ichi OVS. Women Shoes Nike Skechers Reebok Puma Aldo Nine West Guess Coach Missguided Truffle Shellys London Emu Michael Kors. Women Accessories Tory Burch DKNY Fossil Marc By Marc Jacobs Kenneth Cole XOXO Esprit Gucci Nine West Akribos XXIV Just Cavalli Lauren by Ralph Lauren. Polo Assn Jack & Jones Timberland Ralph Lauren Tommy Hilfiger Santa Monica Polo Club Brave Soul Tokyo Laundry Bellfield Gant Guess Diesel Hugo Boss. Men Shoes Nike Timberland Reebok Skechers Puma Aldo Jack & Jones New Balance Converse Vans Call It Spring adidas Asics. Men Accessories Emporio Armani Oakley JBW Tommy Hilfiger Fossil Daniel Wellington Puma Diesel Polaroid Tissot Michael Kors Tumi Levi's. Food & Beverages Dairy Products Beauty Homecare Baby World Pet World. Breakfast Breakfast Cereal Oats & Granola Jams, Spreads & Honey Pastas and Noodles. Snacks Chips & Crisps Biscuits & Cookies Nuts & Seeds Dates Confectionery Chocolate & Candy. Cooking Soup Rice & Pulses Spices & Condiments Packaged Meals Organic Food. Beverages Water Juices Sodas Energy Drinks Tea Coffee Milk. Hair Care Hair Dyes Hair Treatment Shampoos Conditioners. Skin Care Body Lotions Face Creams Anti Aging Wet Wipes. Personal Care Soap & Shower Gel Mouth Wash Toothbrushes Toothpaste Deodorants Feminine Hygiene. Laundry Detergent Fabric Softener Liquid Powder. Cleaning Supplies Dish Cleaners Bathroom Cleaners Multi Purpose Cleaners Air Fresheners. Paper & Plastic Trash Bags Tissue Disposable Napkins Disposable Cups. Small Appliances Blenders & Mixers Juice Extractors Food Preparation Vacuum Cleaners Coffee Machines View All Large Appliances Refrigerators Washing Machines Ovens & Ranges Air Conditioners Microwaves View All. Laptops Macbooks Gaming Laptops All In Ones | Desktops 2 in 1 Laptops Below AED 1,999 View All Accessories Hard Disks Routers Printers Monitors USB Drives View All. Televisions LED 4K UHD Smart TV Below AED 1,499 55" Full HD View All Home Audio/Video Speakers Home Theatres Projectors Headphones TV Accessories View All. Video Games Playstation 4 Xbox One Nintendo Switch Latest Games Gaming Accessories View All Cameras Action Cameras DSLRs Point & Shoot Lenses & Flash Accessories View All. Accessories Headsets Smartwatches Powerbanks Cables & Chargers Fitness Trackers View All Cases & Covers For iPhone 8 For Samsung S8 Below AED 59 For Xiaomi For iPhone 7 View All. Tablets iPads Samsung Microsoft Surface Lenovo Innjoo View All Shop By Price Below AED 299 AED 300 - 599 AED 600 - 999 AED 1000 - 1999 Above AED 2000 View All. Mobiles Samsung iPhones OnePlus Xiaomi Motorola Sony Nokia Huawei HTC BlackBerry ASUS Honor LG View All. Trending Samsung S8 iPhone X iPhone 8 Samsung Note 8 Honor 9 Lite View All Only On Souq OnePlus 5T ASUS Zenfone 2 Motorola G5 Plus BLU Vivo 6 Infinix S2 Pro View All. Baby & Toddler Diapering Baby Food Feeding Bath & Skin Care Baby Health & Safety Baby Toys & Accessories Nursery Clothing, Shoes & Accessories Shop All Buying Guide. Baby Gear Prams & Strollers Car Seats & Boosters Travel Systems Bouncers, Rockers, Swings Monitors & Gates Walkers High Chairs Playards Shop All. Toys & Games LEGO, Building & Blocks Electronic & RC Toys Action Figures Arts & Crafts Cards, Games & Puzzles Educational Toys Stuffed Toys Dolls & Dolls houses Dress Up & Pretend Play Board Games Party Supplies Shop All. Sports & Outdoor Play Playhouses , Tables & Slides Swing Sets & Climbers Trampolines & Accessories Swimming Pools & Water Toys Bikes, Scooters & Ride Ons Sandboxes & Beach Toys Blaster Toys Bounce Houses & Ball Pits. Video Games Playstation 4 Xbox One Nintendo Switch Latest Games Gaming Accessories View All. Furniture Bedroom Living Room Kitchen & Dining Room Home Office Home Entertainment Bean Bags Décor Wallpaper & Decals Clocks Paintings/Posters Candles & Holders Curtains & Slipcovers Garden Décor. Kitchen & Dining Cookware Dinnerware Bakeware Cutlery Glassware & Drinkware Serveware Kitchen Tools Do it Yourself Measuring & Layout Tools Hand Tools Power Tools Hardware Electrical. Outdoor Trolley Suitcases & Bags Packing & Bags Accessories Lawn & Garden Outdoor Living Grills & Outdoor Cooking Home Accents & Other Crafts Bean Bags Lightings Rugs, Carpets & Mats Decorative Cushions Clocks Sewing & Acessories Coins & Stamps Collections. Bed Comforters & Duvet Sets Bedspreads & Bedding Sheets Blankets & Throws Pillows Mattress & Toppers Bath Towels Tubs, Sinks & Taps Toilets & Urinals Pets Pet Food Pet Supplies Shop All. Perfumes & Fragrances Women Men New Arrivals Arabic Perfumes Fragrance Gift Sets Perfume Buying Guide Health Dietary Supplements Vitamins & Minerals Sport Nutrition Personal Scales Blood Pressure Monitors Small Medical Equipments. Makeup Eyes Lips Face Nails Palettes & Sets Beauty Tools & Brushes Hair Hair Straightners Hair Curlers Hair Dryers Oils, Serums & Treatments Wigs Hair Accessories. Personal Care Women Hair Removal Dental Care Skin Care Massagers Bath & Body Body Support & Slimming Men's Grooming Electric Shavers Trimmers Hair Clippers Beard & Mustache Care Hair Loss Treatment. Brand Stores Luxury Beauty L'Oreal Paris Maybelline Philips Braun Oral-B Scholl Veet. Cardio Training Treadmills Exercise Bikes Rowing Machines Aerobic Steppers Exercise Ropes Fitness Trackers Ab Machines Air walkers Gym Massager Sports Fashion Footwear Clothing Accessories. Strength & Weights Home Gym Dumbbells Medicine Balls Kettlebells & Barbells Multi-Function Benches Yoga Mats Gym Gloves Gym Balls Gym Belts. Outdoor Golf Skiing Water Sports Cycling Running Camping Camping Tents Accessories Lights Camping Bed. Team Sports Football Volleyball Basketball Tennis Cricket Squash Table Tennis Badminton Leisure Sports/Games Billiard Fishing Games. Brands Everlast Body Sculpture Nike Adidas Yonex Top Skyland Wilson Aqua Sphere Waterrower Marshall fitness Nordictrack Life Top TA Sports. Car Care & Protection Air fresheners & Purifiers Car Covers Car Cleaning Tools Car polishing product Vacuum Cleaners Vehicle Fluids & Lubricants Car Multimedia Car Video system Car Audio system Car Audio & Video Tools Woofers & Amplifiers Car Bluetooth Kit Car Camera system. GPS devices Navigation System Portable Navigators In-Dash Navigators Handheld Navigators GPS Accessories GPS Receiver Car Parts & tools Car Parts Car Error Reader Car Lightings Car Air Filters Car Maintainence Car Tools. Car Accessories Interiors Accessories Exterior Accessories Car Key & Keychains Tires & wheels Compressors & Tire inflators Tire tools & product Motorcycle Parts. Top Brands Garmin Sony Clayton Boschmann JVC JBL Turtle Wax American Breeze Armor All Jabra Kenwood. Order with FREE Shipping by Souq.com. All orders of 100.00 AED or more of eligible items across any product category qualify for FREE Shipping.. This program is available only to UAE residents.. What items are eligible for FREE Shipping? The Items that are packed, fulfilled and shipped by Souq.com, which can be identified by the fulfilled by souq badge.. With FREE Shipping, your order will be delivered within the estimated shipping speed available after you checkout.. To place an order online, do the following:. 1- Add at least 100.00 AED of eligible items (in which case all other eligible items in the order also ship free) to your Shopping Cart. 2- To find eligible for FREE Shipping offers, Here are two quick and easy ways:. - Look for products with fulfilled by Souq badge in search results and detail pages. - When you search for products, select “Eligible for FREE Shipping on fulfilled by Souq filter from the left side of the search results page. - Not using search? Look for products with fulfilled by Souq badge.. Any item with fulfilled by Souq badge on the product detail page that is fulfilled and shipped by Souq is eligible and contributes to your free shipping order minimum.. For more information, go to About FREE Shipping by Souq .. Asus ZenFone Go ZB452KG Dual Sim - 8GB, 1GB RAM, 3G, WiFi, Silver Blue. Asus ZenFone Go ZB452KG Dual Sim - 8GB, 1GB RAM, 3G, WiFi, Silver Blue. Stored, Packed and Shipped by Souq.com. 1 Year Warranty +Free!. Warranty for 1 year for free More Details. Warranty for 1 year for free More Details. 1 Year Warranty + Damage Protection +11.00 AED. 1 years warranty with accidental damage protection from liquid spill and cracked screens More Details. 1 years warranty with accidental damage protection from liquid spill and cracked screens More Details. 2 Years Warranty +11.00 AED. 2 years warranty, one year free + year extended More Details. 2 years warranty, one year free + year extended More Details. 2 Years Warranty + Damage Protection +14.00 AED. 2 years warranty including accidental damage protection against water spills and cracked screen More Details. 2 years warranty including accidental damage protection against water spills and cracked screen More Details. (1) more offer starting from. Ship to Dubai ( Change city ) Want it TODAY? Order before 3 PM Select Same Day Delivery on checkout.. (1) more offer starting from 229.01 AED. Asus ZenFone Go ZB452KG Dual Sim - 8GB, 1GB RAM, 3.... Romoss Solo 5 10000 mAh Powerbank - White. Sony Sound Monitoring Over The Ear Headset [Black,... Sports Running Armband Case Cover Holder for iPhon... Wired Remote Shutter Extendable Handheld Selfie St... Bluedio T2 Plus Hurricane Series Wireless Bluetoot... Asus Zen Watch 2 - 1.63 Inch, Blue Leather Strap, ... Anker PowerDrive Quick Charge 3.0 Anker 42W 2-Port... Xiaomi Mi Band 2 with OLED Screen and Heart Rate M... Thank you for rating! Write a full review. Brand ASUS Operating System Type Android Storage Capacity 8 GB RAM Memory 1 GB. Brand ASUS Operating System Type Android Storage Capacity 8 GB RAM Memory 1 GB Wireless Connections Product weight 125 g Mobile Phone Type Smartphone CPU Quad Core Model Number ZB452KG Multi SIM Card Battery Capacity in mAh 2000 - 3000 mAH Item EAN 2724332856651 Audio 3.5 mm Audio Jack Display Screen Size 4.1 - 4.5 Inch Display Display Size (Inch) __NO_VALUE__ Connectivity Bluetooth version v4.0 Connectivity Bluetooth Connectivity 3G Connectivity NFC Camera Front Flash Color Color Blue Power Management Fast Charge Technical Information Operating System Version Android 5.1. The Asus ZenFone Go ZB452KG Dual SIM smartphone is a marvel of craftsmanship and engineering. The device flaunts a 4.5inch display that produces stunning visuals. It allows you to mount two SIM cards with dual standby. The device supports 3G band that allows it transmit and receive. The Asus ZenFone Go ZB452KG Dual SIM smartphone is a marvel of craftsmanship and engineering. The device flaunts a 4.5inch display that produces stunning visuals. It allows you to mount two SIM cards with dual standby. The device supports 3G band that allows it transmit and receive data at high speed. It runs on an Android Lollipop 5.1 operating system that is renowned for its innovative software elements. The ZenUI, which can be seen as an added layer of the OS, provides you with more than 1000 features and offers simpler and smarter user interface. The device is fueled by a 1.2GHz Cortex A7 Quad Core processor that is capable of handling some of the most demanding applications without generating excessive heat. The 1GB RAM module allows you to open multiple windows in a mobile browser and surf the Web without facing any glitch. The 4.5inch display of the phone backed by Adreno 302 GPU, produces staggering visual quality. Save loads of images on the 8GB internal storage of the mobile. Available in a proprietary Silver Blue finish, the Asus ZenFone Go ZB452KG Dual SIM smartphone incorporates a 2070mAh battery that offers an extended talk time and standby time.. This Asus dual SIM Android has a highly intuitive control layout. As a part of the new Ergonomic Arc design, the mobile incorporates a physical rear key. This Asus ZenFone 2 smartphone makes it feel completely natural to snap selfies and adjust the volume. The elegant new shape feels extremely comfortable and secure to hold.. This Asus Android dual SIM mobile features two SIM cards slots in one device that allows you to keep your personal and business contacts separate. The advanced antenna design of the ZenFone Go provides fantastic performance, even in areas with weak signal quality. The device also conserves power while searching for a signal that significantly increases standby time.. Featuring more than 1000 features that improve upon the stock Android interface, the ASUS ZenUI of the device allows you to enjoy simpler and smarter mobile computing. The stylish layout of the UI expands white space for a cleaner design and places the information you need front and centre. Double tap anywhere on the display for waking the device or putting it to sleep.. 2 ratings. Thank you for rating! Write a full review. What's not so good about this product:. الشاشة الوانها تعبانة و صوت ضعيف جبت. الشاشة الوانها باهتة و صوت ضعيف و شاشة حجم صغير .. Please verify your mobile number to complete your checkout. We will send you an SMS containing a verification code. Please double check your mobile number and click on "Send Verification Code" .. We sent your verification code by SMS to +. Enter the code below and hit Verify. + 971. I didn't receive my verification code. Your Mobile number has been verified!. Have a question or an issue? We are here to help. Popular Searches White Friday Samsung S9 | S9+ Samsung Apple IPhone Souq Fashion Souq SuperMarket AmazonBasics Home & Kitchen Sports & Fitness Baby & Toys. My Account Log In / Register My Shopping Cart My Orders My Addresses Wish Lists Account Settings Account Summary Intellectual Property Brand and Copyright Owners Marketplace Sellers. Selling on Souq.com Sell on souq.com How It Works Selling Policies Seller Terms and Conditions Fulfilled by Souq FAQs Buying on Souq.com How to Buy Easy Payment Plans Return Policy Advertise with us Help. About Us Media Center Careers Privacy Policy Terms and Conditions Affiliate Program Helpbit Services. 
Largest Gadget Discovery Site in India. OnePlus 5T Xiaomi Redmi 5A Apple iPhone X Honor 7X Oppo F5. Asus Zenfone Go 4.5 ZB452KG Price in India. Updated on: Feb 26, 2018. Market status: Available in India. A big name in computers, the Taiwanese brand made an entry in the smartphone segment in 2014. It is known for its popular Zenfone series.. Asus has more than 200 service locations in India.. Toll Free Number: 1800 2090 365. Overview Prices User Reviews Specs competitors Q&A. Asus Zenfone Go 4.5 ZB452KG details Read more. Affordable Good rear camera 3G connectivity. The Asus Zenfone Go 4.5 ZB452KG is a decent choice with compact dimensions, decent rear camera and good set of connectivity options. The main drawback is the average battery backup and performance. If you are in the market for a smartphone with limited budget, then the Zenfone Go can be a choice.. The Asus Zenfone Go 4.5 ZB452KG carries a small 4.5-inch TFT display with a pixel density of 218ppi. The phone is wrapped in an 11.2mm thick outfit which weighs 122.5 grams and is available in black, gold and yellow colours. All the processes are taken care of with the help of a 32-bit 1.2GHz quad-core processor which is further coupled with 1GB RAM and Adreno 302 GPU. The phone sails on Android v5.1 Lollipop OS.. The Asus Zenfone Go 4.5 ZB452KG is furnished with a 5MP rear camera with LED flash, CMOS image sensor, digital zoom and f 2.0 aperture for a decent photography experience. Selfie lovers would be disappointed with the VGA front camera. The rear camera comes with a wide range of features including exposure compensation, ISO control, Continuous shooting, HDR, face detection, tap to focus etc. The Asus Zenfone Go 4.5 ZB452KG is equipped with 8GB internal storage which can be expanded up to 64GB by using external MicroSD card.. The smartphone is armed with connectivity features such as 3G, Wi-Fi, Bluetooth, A-GPS with Glonass and Micro USB connectivity. It comes with a 2,070 li-po battery which is just average considering the features.. Asus Zenfone Go 4.5 ZB452KG PRICE IN INDIA. Asus Zenfone Go 4.5 ZB452KG price in India starts from Rs. The lowest price of Asus Zenfone Go 4.5 ZB452KG is Rs. The latest price of this phone is updated on Feb 26, 2018.. Extra 5% off with Axis Bank Buzz Credit Card Apply for Credit Card @ BankBazaar». First time mobile buyers, Get Extra 10% off on your next purchase on select fashion products. Extra 5% off with Axis Bank Buzz Credit Card. Extra 5% off with Axis Bank Buzz Credit Card Apply for Credit Card @ BankBazaar» .. First time mobile buyers, Get Extra 10% off on your next purchase on select fashion products.. Sorry, we could not find any store with selected criteria.. Disclaimer: The price & specs shown may be different from actual. Please confirm on the retailer site before purchasing. Extra 5% off with Axis Bank Buzz Credit Card Apply for Credit Card @ BankBazaar». First time mobile buyers, Get Extra 10% off on your next purchase on select fashion products. Apply for a credit card on bankbazaar.com, and get free Amazon vouchers worth Rs. Performance ▾. Group: 4 - 6 K Phones Based on specs, benchmarks & expert ratings. See Best Performance Phones in 4 - 6 K. 4 - 6 K Phones All Phones. Display ▾. Group: 4 - 6 K Phones Based on specs, benchmarks & expert ratings. See Phones with Best Display in 4 - 6 K. 4 - 6 K Phones All Phones. Camera ▾. Rear Camera compared to. Group: 4 - 6 K Phones Based on specs, benchmarks & expert ratings. See Best Rear Camera Phones in 4 - 6 K. 4 - 6 K Phones All Phones. Battery ▾. Group: 4 - 6 K Phones Based on specs, benchmarks & expert ratings. See Phones with Best Battery Life in 4 - 6 K. 4 - 6 K Phones All Phones. Available Voice Calling 8 GB + 64 GB Expandable Dual SIM: Micro + Micro No Fingerprint sensor FM Radio. Top 10 mobile phones in India. Mobile Phones in range of 5000 to 10000. Review talking about - Read all Great camera Reviews. Asus Zenfone Go 4.5 ZB452KG User Reviews. BASED ON 2,342 RATING(S). 02 Jul 2016 By Anik Sardar On flipkart.com. The phone is not as it is supposed to be. Camera is written 8 MP but seems to be a 5 MP,nI can tell this because I had a Asus Zenfone 5 which has a 8 MP camera. The same brand and the same specification but camera quality is far from to say different.. 02 Jan 2016 By Sandeepan Goswami On flipkart.com. Google drive free 100 GB for 2 years and Asus web-storage 5 GB lifetime.. 8 GB Internal (5GB+ free user space) and Expandable up to 64 GB.. 5 MP Back Camera is very good, even in low light, has bright powerful LED FLASH (26000+ Lumen) , can record videos at FullHD (1920 x 1080 @ 30p ) with .mp4 as extension @ .H263(old) /16:9 /avg 17-20 fps/ aac audio/ 128kbps /L+R /48khz.. Sound from speakers is crystal clear. Micro Sims for new generation trends.. 2-pin USB port re-attachable adapter and 2.5 ft cable.. Customized Interface, Zen UI 2.0 which has many rich features...I love it.. Can record RADIO (Live) in .3gpp format @acc format/ 128kbps/ L+R/ 44.1khz.Negatives:. Front Camera is just ...MAY BE GOOD IN DAY TIME OUTSIDE.. No Headphone with box pack, required for Radio.. FWVGA display (NORMAL) with 217ppi is just little bad to qHD as it was possible for ASUS to use one here.(personal feel as I was using Mote E qHD (GORILLA GLASS 3)).. No accessories yet to buy for, like protective h9 glass, cover, etc.Flipkart should write:. model no in full ( ZC451TG1A023IN / ASUS_Z00SD ).. Asus Zenfone Go 4.5 ZB452KG Specifications. 4 - 6 K Phones all phones. 4G: Not Available, 3G: Available, 2G: Available Fingerprint Sensor. Group: 4 - 6 K Phones Based on specs, benchmarks & expert ratings See Slimmest Phones in 4 - 6 K. 4 - 6 K Phones All Phones. Group: 4 - 6 K Phones Based on specs, benchmarks & expert ratings See Lightest Phones in 4 - 6 K. 4 - 6 K Phones All Phones. 4.5 inches (11.43 cm) Screen Resolution. 480 x 854 pixels Pixel Density. Capacitive Touchscreen, Multi-touch Screen to Body Ratio. Group: 4 - 6 K Phones Based on specs, benchmarks & expert ratings See Phones with Best Display in 4 - 6 K. 4 - 6 K Phones All Phones. Pixel Density compared to. Group: 4 - 6 K Phones Based on specs, benchmarks & expert ratings See Phones with Sharpest Screen in 4 - 6 K. 4 - 6 K Phones All Phones. Quad core, 1.2 GHz, Cortex A7. Group: 4 - 6 K Phones Based on specs, benchmarks & expert ratings See Best Performance Phones in 4 - 6 K. 4 - 6 K Phones All Phones. Group: 4 - 6 K Phones Based on specs, benchmarks & expert ratings See Phones with Best Processor in 4 - 6 K. 4 - 6 K Phones All Phones. Quad core, 1.2 GHz, Cortex A7, Chipset: Qualcomm MSM8212 Snapdragon 200. Quad core, 1.2 GHz, Cortex A7, Chipset: Spreadtrum SC7731. Octa core, 1.2 GHz, Cortex A53, Chipset: Mediatek MT6752. Group: 4 - 6 K Phones Based on specs, benchmarks & expert ratings See Phones with Highest RAM in 4 - 6 K. 4 - 6 K Phones All Phones. Group: 4 - 6 K Phones Based on specs, benchmarks & expert ratings See Phones with Best Storage in 4 - 6 K. 4 - 6 K Phones All Phones. Internal Memory compared to. Group: 4 - 6 K Phones Based on specs, benchmarks & expert ratings See Phones with Highest Internal Memory in 4 - 6 K. 4 - 6 K Phones All Phones. Exposure compensation, ISO control Shooting Modes. Continuos Shooting, High Dynamic Range mode (HDR) Camera Features. Digital Zoom, Auto Flash, Face detection, Touch to focus. Rear Camera compared to. Group: 4 - 6 K Phones Based on specs, benchmarks & expert ratings See Best Rear Camera Phones in 4 - 6 K. 4 - 6 K Phones All Phones. Main Camera compared to. Group: 4 - 6 K Phones Based on specs, benchmarks & expert ratings See Phones with Best Main Camera in 4 - 6 K. 4 - 6 K Phones All Phones. Front Camera compared to. Group: 4 - 6 K Phones Based on specs, benchmarks & expert ratings See Phones with Highest Front Camera Resolution in 4 - 6 K. 4 - 6 K Phones All Phones. Group: 4 - 6 K Phones Based on specs, benchmarks & expert ratings See Phones with Best Battery Life in 4 - 6 K. 4 - 6 K Phones All Phones. SIM1: Micro, SIM2: Micro Network Support. 3G, 2G SIM 1 SIM 2 Wi-Fi. UMTS 1900 / 2100 / 850 / 900 MHz. GSM 1800 / 1900 / 850 / 900 MHz. HSDPA 21 Mbit/s ↓, HSUPA 5.76 Mbit/s ↑. UMTS 1900 / 2100 / 850 / 900 MHz. GSM 1800 / 1900 / 850 / 900 MHz. Light sensor, Proximity sensor, Accelerometer, Compass. Disclaimer: The price & specs shown may be different from actual. Please confirm on the retailer site before purchasing. Competitors for Asus Zenfone Go 4.5 ZB452KG. Show only Android Asus Phablet Dual SIM Camera 2 MP & above. I don't want to see this. Higher primary camera resolution: 8 MP vs 5 MP. More expandable memory: 128 GB vs 64 GB. Higher secondary camera resolution: 2 MP vs 0.3 MP. OS: Android Screen size: 4.5 inches RAM: 1 GB Battery capacity: 2070 mAH SIM card slots: 2 Pixel density: 218 ppi Internal Memory: 8 GB Thickness: 11.2 mm 137 people viewed together 275 people compared together. Quad core 1.0 GHz vs Quad core 1.2 GHz. More weight: 135 grams vs 122.5 grams. I don't want to see this. Quad core 1.5 GHz vs Quad core 1.2 GHz. Higher pixel density: 233 ppi vs 218 ppi. More expandable memory: 128 GB vs 64 GB. RAM: 1 GB Primary camera: 5 MP SIM card slots: 2 Internal Memory: 8 GB 168 people compared together. Lesser thickness: 10.8 mm vs 11.2 mm. Smaller screen : 4 inches vs 4.5 inches. Lower battery capacity: 1500 mAH vs 2070 mAH. More weight: 127 grams vs 122.5 grams. I don't want to see this. Larger screen: 5 inches vs 4.5 inches. Quad core 1.4 GHz vs Quad core 1.2 GHz. More RAM: 2 GB vs 1 GB. OS: Android SIM card slots: 2 71 people compared together. Higher primary camera resolution: 13 MP vs 5 MP. Higher battery capacity: 3120 mAH vs 2070 mAH. Higher pixel density: 294 ppi vs 218 ppi. More internal memory: 16 GB vs 8 GB. More expandable memory: 128 GB vs 64 GB. Higher secondary camera resolution: 5 MP vs 0.3 MP. Lesser thickness: 8.5 mm vs 11.2 mm. More weight: 131.5 grams vs 122.5 grams. I don't want to see this. Larger screen: 5 inches vs 4.5 inches. More RAM: 2 GB vs 1 GB. Higher primary camera resolution: 8 MP vs 5 MP. OS: Android SIM card slots: 2 114 people compared together. Higher battery capacity: 3500 mAH vs 2070 mAH. Higher pixel density: 294 ppi vs 218 ppi. More internal memory: 16 GB vs 8 GB. Higher secondary camera resolution: 5 MP vs 0.3 MP. Lesser thickness: 9.5 mm vs 11.2 mm. Quad core 1.0 GHz vs Quad core 1.2 GHz. Lesser expandable memory: 32 GB vs 64 GB. More weight: 153.5 grams vs 122.5 grams. I don't want to see this. Larger screen: 5 inches vs 4.5 inches. Octa core 1.4 GHz vs Quad core 1.2 GHz. More RAM: 2 GB vs 1 GB. OS: Android SIM card slots: 2 135 people compared together. Higher primary camera resolution: 13 MP vs 5 MP. Higher battery capacity: 2750 mAH vs 2070 mAH. Higher pixel density: 294 ppi vs 218 ppi. More internal memory: 16 GB vs 8 GB. Higher secondary camera resolution: 5 MP vs 0.3 MP. Lesser thickness: 8.2 mm vs 11.2 mm. Lesser expandable memory: 32 GB vs 64 GB. More weight: 150 grams vs 122.5 grams. I don't want to see this. Larger screen: 4.7 inches vs 4.5 inches. More RAM: 2 GB vs 1 GB. Higher primary camera resolution: 8 MP vs 5 MP. Quad core 1.2 GHz SIM card slots: 2 Internal Memory: 8 GB 111 people compared together. Higher pixel density: 312 ppi vs 218 ppi. Higher secondary camera resolution: 2 MP vs 0.3 MP. Lesser thickness: 8.3 mm vs 11.2 mm. Lower battery capacity: 2000 mAH vs 2070 mAH. Lesser expandable memory: 32 GB vs 64 GB. More weight: 128 grams vs 122.5 grams. Questions and Answers View all FAQs about Asus Zenfone Go 4.5 ZB452KG. Please write your question as a complete sentence while asking a new question. Write Your Question as a complete sentence, then press Ask a Question. Be the first one to ask a question? Ask a Question. People who viewed Asus Zenfone Go 4.5 ZB452KG also viewed. Asus Zenfone Go 5.0 LTE T500. Subscribe for top stories, new launches & expert reviews!. Home | Privacy | Sitemap | About Us | Contact Us | Visitor Agreement | Terms & Conditions |. News & Reviews | हिंदी न्यूज़. 
Samsung Galaxy S9 OnePlus 5T Huawei Mate 10 Google Pixel 2 OnePlus 5. LG K10 (2018) Samsung Galaxy S9 Elephone S8 HTC U11 Eyes Honor 9 Lite. Samsung Galaxy S9 OnePlus 5T Huawei Mate 10 Google Pixel 2 OnePlus 5. Buy and sell gently used phones. Asus Zenfone Go Questions & Answers. Asus zenfone go ZB452KG (asus X014D) by eladuke. Asus Zenfone Go Questions & Answers Asus Zenfone Go Real Life Review Asus Zenfone Go Guides, News, & Discussion Asus Zenfone Go ROMs, Kernels, Recoveries, & Other Development Asus Zenfone Go Themes, Apps, and Mods. Xiaomi Redmi Note 5 and Redmi Note 5 Pro Forums Are Now Open for Posting. Unofficial LineageOS 15.1 brings Android 8.1 Oreo Go Edition to First Generation Android One Devices. Take Control of your Phone’s Rotation with “Rotation” Orientation Manager. Customize Samsung Experience 9.0 and Android Oreo on the Samsung Galaxy S8/S8+ with this Xposed Module. MX Player is Recruiting Users for a New Private Beta Testing Program. Dreaming Battery is a Minimalist Screensaver for Displaying your Battery Level. Having troubles with your Ad Blocker? This app adds a Quick Settings tile for easy Ad Block toggling. Guest Quick Reply (no urls or BBcode). The following errors occurred with your submission. Asus zenfone go ZB452KG (asus X014D). By eladuke , Junior Member on 19th December 2016, 03:51 PM. Can any one post a custom ROM for asus X014D or any custom recovery pls. Honor 8 Pro and Honor 9 receive AOSP Android Oreo ROMs thanks to Project Treble >. Honor 8 Pro and Honor 9 Now Officially Receiving the Android Oreo Update >. Honor 9 Lite and Huawei P Smart Kernel Sources have been released >. Posting Quick Reply - Please Wait. Top Threads in Asus Zenfone Go Questions & Answers by ThreadRank. [ROM] MIUI 9 beta ROM 7.8.14 for all Xiaomi devices [Download links). [APP] Pay Enabler (Android Pay on Oreo outside US/UK). Android Wear Software and Hacking General. [APP][ROOT] Pixel Launcher Mods - Icon Packs & more for the STOCK Pixel Launcher. [All ROMs] Ultimate BuildProp Tweaks HUB MOD | Performance Booster. Android Software and Hacking General [Developers Only]. [APP][5.0+] SABS - Simple Adblocker for Samsung (KNOX front end). [ROM] [ 8.1.0 ] Official madOS - Vernee Apollo Lite & X [MT6797]. [APP][PORT]LineageOS 15.1 Trebuchet (Laucher) for any ROM. Asus Zenfone Go Questions & Answers. Asus zenfone go ZB452KG (asus X014D) by eladuke. ---- XDA 2013 Beta - 1024. XDA Developers was founded by developers, for developers. It is now a valuable resource for people who want to make the most of their mobile devices, from customizing the look and feel to adding new functionality. Are you a developer? | Terms of Service. 
