GSM / CDMA / HSPA / EVDO / LTE. GSM 850 / 900 / 1800 / 1900. HSDPA 850 / 900 / 1900 / 2100. HSPA 42.2/5.76 Mbps, LTE Cat4 150/50 Mbps, EV-DO Rev.A 3.1 Mbps. 131 x 72.4 x 10.2 mm (5.16 x 2.85 x 0.40 in). IPS LCD, capacitive touchscreen, 16M colors. 3.5 inches, 39.5 cm 2 (~41.7% screen-to-body ratio). 720 x 720 pixels, 1:1 ratio (~291 ppi density). microSD, up to 256 GB (dedicated slot). - Active noise cancellation with dedicated mic. SMS, MMS, Email, Push Email, IM, BBM 6. We can not guarantee that the information on this page is 100% correct. BlackBerry Classic Non Camera - user opinions and reviews. I wasnt aware there was one with a camera, this version doesn't need to exist lol. There is a version of this phone that has a camera which doesn't actually cost more... So yeah, Macduff has a point.. I disagree, this phone was made as a homage to older blackberry devices. whole it would have been better if it had a camera, it has decent specs for what ts worth. Samsung Apple Nokia Sony LG HTC Motorola Huawei Microsoft Lenovo Xiaomi Google Acer Asus Oppo OnePlus Meizu BlackBerry Alcatel ZTE Toshiba Vodafone Energizer XOLO Lava Micromax BLU Gionee vivo LeEco Panasonic HP YU verykool Maxwest Plum. BlackBerry Classic BlackBerry Passport BlackBerry Q10 BlackBerry 9720 Nokia C3. BlackBerry Z10 BlackBerry Priv BlackBerry Motion BlackBerry Keyone BlackBerry Passport BlackBerry Z3. 
Enter the characters you see below. Sorry, we just need to make sure you're not a robot. For best results, please make sure your browser is accepting cookies.. Type the characters you see in this image:. 
National Accessibility Customer Service Skip to Main Content. Use arrow keys to access sub-menus and sub-menu links, this may require a mode change. In the meantime, explore some of our products and services:. Browse a selection of Phones, Devices & Plans. Note: Not all devices and plans are available for purchase at this alternate site. 
National Accessibility Customer Service Skip to Main Content. Use arrow keys to access sub-menus and sub-menu links, this may require a mode change. In the meantime, explore some of our products and services:. Browse a selection of Phones, Devices & Plans. Note: Not all devices and plans are available for purchase at this alternate site. 
Home Shop MWC News Reviews Features Opinions Videos The Gadgets 360 Show Cell Guru Prime Tech Smartphone Reviews Tech and Gadget Reviews How-To Videos Video Game Reviews and Features Top Lists by Gadgets 360 Unboxing and Hands-On Videos Podcasts Compare Mobiles Phone Finder DEALS. Mobiles Tablets Apps Gaming Cameras PC/Laptops AUDIO/VIDEO How To Telecom Science INDIA INTERNET SOCIAL MEDIA WEARABLES हिंदी. Acer Adcom Alcatel Apple Archos Asus BlackBerry Blu Celkon Coolpad Datawind Fly Gionee HTC Huawei iBall iBerry Idea InFocus Intex iVoomi Jivi Karbonn Lava LeEco Lenovo LG Lyf Maxx Mobile Meizu Micromax Microsoft Motorola MTS Nokia Obi Oppo Panasonic Philips Ringing Bells Samsung Sony Spice Swipe Videocon Vivo Wickedleak Xiaomi Xolo Yu Zen Ziox Zopo ZTE. Home Mobiles Phone Finder BlackBerry Classic Non Camera. SPECIFICATIONS USER REVIEWS NEWS. Share on Facebook Tweet Share Share Email Reddit. BlackBerry Classic Non Camera smartphone was launched in February 2015. The phone comes with a 3.50-inch touchscreen display with a resolution of 720 pixels by 1280 pixels at a PPI of 291 pixels per inch. The BlackBerry Classic Non Camera is powered by 1.5GHz dual-core Qualcomm Snapdragon S4 (MSM8960) processor and it comes with 2GB of RAM. The phone packs 16GB of internal storage that can be expanded up to 128GB via a microSD card. As far as the cameras are concerned, the BlackBerry Classic Non Camera packs a No primary camera on the rear The BlackBerry Classic Non Camera runs BlackBerry OS 10.3.1 and is powered by a 2500mAh non removable battery. It measures 131.00 x 72.40 x 10.20 (height x width x thickness) and weigh 178.00 grams. The BlackBerry Classic Non Camera is a single SIM (GSM) smartphone that accepts a Micro-SIM. Connectivity options include Wi-Fi, GPS, Bluetooth and 4G. Sensors on the phone include Proximity sensor, Accelerometer, Ambient light sensor and Gyroscope.. BlackBerry Classic Non Camera QWERTY Phone Launched. More BlackBerry mobiles BlackBerry mobiles price in India. BlackBerry Classic Non Camera detailed specifications. Release date February 2015 Form factor Touchscreen Dimensions (mm) 131.00 x 72.40 x 10.20 Weight (g) 178.00 Battery capacity (mAh) 2500 Removable battery No Colours Black. Screen size (inches) 3.50 Touchscreen Yes Resolution 720x1280 pixels Pixels per inch (PPI) 291. Processor 1.5GHz dual-core Processor make Qualcomm Snapdragon S4 (MSM8960) RAM 2GB Internal storage 16GB Expandable storage Yes Expandable storage type microSD Expandable storage up to (GB) 128. Rear camera No Front camera No. Wi-Fi Yes GPS Yes Bluetooth Yes NFC No Infrared No USB OTG No Headphones 3.5mm FM No Number of SIMs 1 SIM 1 SIM Type Micro-SIM GSM/CDMA GSM 3G No 4G/ LTE Yes Supports 4G in India (Band 40) No. Compass/ Magnetometer No Proximity sensor Yes Accelerometer Yes Ambient light sensor Yes Gyroscope Yes Barometer No Temperature sensor No. Error or missing information? Please let us know. User ratings and reviews for BlackBerry Classic Non Camera. 0 Out of 5. 5 Star 4 Star 3 Star 2 Star 1 Star. BlackBerry Classic Non Camera QWERTY Phone Launched. BlackBerry Motion BlackBerry Aurora BlackBerry KEYone BlackBerry DTEK60 BlackBerry DTEK50 BlackBerry Priv BlackBerry Porsche Design P9983 Graphite BlackBerry Leap BlackBerry Classic BlackBerry Passport BlackBerry Porsche Design P9983 BlackBerry Z3 BlackBerry Porsche Design P9982 BlackBerry Z30 BlackBerry 9720 BlackBerry Q5 BlackBerry Q10 BlackBerry Z10 BlackBerry Torch 9860 BlackBerry Torch 9810 BlackBerry Torch 9800 BlackBerry Style 9670 BlackBerry Porsche Design P9981 BlackBerry Curve 9380 BlackBerry Curve 9360 BlackBerry Curve 9350 BlackBerry Curve 9320 BlackBerry Curve 9220 BlackBerry Curve 8900. Blackberry Classic Non Camera Blackberry Dtek50 vs. Blackberry Classic Non Camera Samsung Galaxy A7 2016 vs. Blackberry Classic Non Camera Vivo X7 Plus vs. Blackberry Classic Non Camera Blackberry Classic Non Camera vs. Blackberry Z10 Sony Xperia X Performance Dual vs. Samsung Galaxy A3 2016 vs. Blackberry Classic Non Camera Samsung Galaxy S6 Edge vs. Blackberry Classic Non Camera vs. Blackberry Q10 Blackberry Classic Non Camera vs. Blackberry Z3 Lenovo A7000 vs. Blackberry Classic Non Camera Blackberry Classic Non Camera vs. Nokia 7 Plus Is an Android One Phone With Dual Rear Cameras, Zeiss Optics Samsung Galaxy S9, Galaxy S9+ With Improved Cameras, AR Emoji Launched Samsung Galaxy S9, Galaxy S9+ Pre-Orders Now Open in India Nokia 7 Plus vs Nokia 7 Nokia 8110 4G Is a 'Slider' Feature Phone With Google, Facebook Apps Sony Unveils Xperia Ear Duo to Answer Apple AirPods, Samsung Gear IconX This Is When the New Nokia Phones Will Launch in India OnePlus 5, OnePlus 5T HD Content Streaming Issue Fixed, With a Catch Vodafone to Offer 4.5GB Data Per Day for 28 Days at Rs. 799: Report Sony Xperia XZ2, Xperia XZ2 Compact With 18:9 Displays Launched at MWC. Samsung phones price list Lyf phones price list Micromax phones price list Sony phones price list Htc phones price list Lenovo phones price list Intex phones price list Lava phones price list Apple phones price list Nokia phones price list Xolo phones price list Lg phones price list Vivo phones price list Oppo phones price list Gionee phones price list Motorola phones price list Blackberry phones price list Xiaomi phones price list. Sitemaps Archives Advertise About Us Feedback Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions Complaint Redressal Careers Contact Us RSS Ethics BlackBerry Classic Non Camera in Hindi. © Copyright Red Pixels Ventures Limited 2018. Subject Comments. 
Select the department you want to search in. Sign in Account & Lists Sign in Account & Lists Orders Try Prime Cart. Your Amazon.com Today's Deals Gift Cards Registry Sell Help Disability Customer Support. BlackBerry Classic Non-Camera, Black 16GB (Verizon Wireless). 5 star 47% 4 star 15% 3 star 11% 2 star 7% 1 star 20%. BlackBerry Classic Non-Camera, Black 16GB (Verizon Wireless). Service Provider: verizon | Color: Black | Size: No Camera | Change. This page works best with JavaScript. Disabling it will result in some disabled or missing features. You can still see all customer reviews for the product.. See all 34 positive reviews ›. 4.0 out of 5 stars Old Friend With Improvments. By Bassetbob on April 11, 2017. A real keyboard, touchscreen, lots of notifications, wireless charging, SD card slot all that without without being monster sized. The only thing I would like if it had the google play store, also there is some kind of bug in the software that prevents the phone from displaying the charging LED. Mine came in a generic box with and a BB usb cable with a BB charging adapter. Verizon seems to be still supporting this phone I'm running 4G LTE on it.. See all 21 critical reviews ›. 2.0 out of 5 stars Bare bones cell phone. By Amazon Customer on July 13, 2017. This phone appears used with scratches and no written product information. My last BLackBerry had a CD of User Tools, a setup guide booklet, and Verizon Global Support Card. Why are these important items missing?. Top rated Most recent Top rated. All reviewers Verified purchase only All reviewers All stars 5 star only 4 star only 3 star only 2 star only 1 star only All positive All critical All stars All formats Service Provider: verizon | Color: Black | Size: No Camera All formats Text, image, video Image and video reviews only Text, image, video. There was a problem filtering reviews right now. 4.0 out of 5 stars Old Friend With Improvments. By Bassetbob on April 11, 2017. Service Provider: verizon | Color: Black | Size: With Camera | Verified Purchase. A real keyboard, touchscreen, lots of notifications, wireless charging, SD card slot all that without without being monster sized. The only thing I would like if it had the google play store, also there is some kind of bug in the software that prevents the phone from displaying the charging LED. Mine came in a generic box with and a BB usb cable with a BB charging adapter. Verizon seems to be still supporting this phone I'm running 4G LTE on it.. Was this review helpful to you?. Talk about why you like this review, or ask a question.. Paste the product's web address below:. Only products offered on Amazon can be linked.. In the text of your review, you can link directly to any product offered on Amazon.com. To insert a product link, follow these steps:. Find the product you want to reference on Amazon.com. Copy the web address of the product. Paste the web address in the box. Selecting the item displayed will insert text that looks like this:. When your review is displayed on Amazon.com, this text will be transformed into a hyperlink, like so: Hamlet (The Pelican Shakespeare). You are limited to 10 product links in your review, and your link text may not be longer than 256 characters.. Please write at least one word. You must be in good standing in the Amazon community to post.. Your message will not be posted. Please see our guidelines regarding objectionable content.. You must purchase at least one item from Amazon to post a comment. A problem occurred while submitting your comment. There was a problem loading comments right now. 5.0 out of 5 stars Beautiful business phone.. Service Provider: verizon | Color: Black | Size: With Camera | Verified Purchase. If you like classic BlackBerrys, you'll love the BlackBerry Classic! Great for phone calls, great for texting, great organizer, not a phone for heavy social media or gaming.. Was this review helpful to you?. Talk about why you like this review, or ask a question.. Paste the product's web address below:. Only products offered on Amazon can be linked.. In the text of your review, you can link directly to any product offered on Amazon.com. To insert a product link, follow these steps:. Find the product you want to reference on Amazon.com. Copy the web address of the product. Paste the web address in the box. Selecting the item displayed will insert text that looks like this:. When your review is displayed on Amazon.com, this text will be transformed into a hyperlink, like so: Hamlet (The Pelican Shakespeare). You are limited to 10 product links in your review, and your link text may not be longer than 256 characters.. Please write at least one word. You must be in good standing in the Amazon community to post.. Your message will not be posted. Please see our guidelines regarding objectionable content.. You must purchase at least one item from Amazon to post a comment. A problem occurred while submitting your comment. There was a problem loading comments right now. 5.0 out of 5 stars Great phone, came as expected no scratches or anything. By lizk on May 4, 2017. Service Provider: verizon | Color: Black | Size: No Camera | Verified Purchase. I needed a phone for work (DoD employee) and this phone saved the day! I swap SIM cards between this and my new Galaxy S8+ with Verizon network. Great phone, came as expected no scratches or anything. I've dropped it quite a bit, the thing is pretty darn strong.. Was this review helpful to you?. Talk about why you like this review, or ask a question.. Paste the product's web address below:. Only products offered on Amazon can be linked.. In the text of your review, you can link directly to any product offered on Amazon.com. To insert a product link, follow these steps:. Find the product you want to reference on Amazon.com. Copy the web address of the product. Paste the web address in the box. Selecting the item displayed will insert text that looks like this:. When your review is displayed on Amazon.com, this text will be transformed into a hyperlink, like so: Hamlet (The Pelican Shakespeare). You are limited to 10 product links in your review, and your link text may not be longer than 256 characters.. Please write at least one word. You must be in good standing in the Amazon community to post.. Your message will not be posted. Please see our guidelines regarding objectionable content.. You must purchase at least one item from Amazon to post a comment. A problem occurred while submitting your comment. There was a problem loading comments right now. 5.0 out of 5 stars What is old is new!. By seabat on December 23, 2017. Service Provider: verizon | Color: Black | Size: With Camera | Verified Purchase. You've made my day, after many disappointing text messages The item has arrived before Christmas. Couldn't be any happier and my wife will be excited with her new phone to replace her flip phone unit.. Was this review helpful to you?. Talk about why you like this review, or ask a question.. Paste the product's web address below:. Only products offered on Amazon can be linked.. In the text of your review, you can link directly to any product offered on Amazon.com. To insert a product link, follow these steps:. Find the product you want to reference on Amazon.com. Copy the web address of the product. Paste the web address in the box. Selecting the item displayed will insert text that looks like this:. When your review is displayed on Amazon.com, this text will be transformed into a hyperlink, like so: Hamlet (The Pelican Shakespeare). You are limited to 10 product links in your review, and your link text may not be longer than 256 characters.. Please write at least one word. You must be in good standing in the Amazon community to post.. Your message will not be posted. Please see our guidelines regarding objectionable content.. You must purchase at least one item from Amazon to post a comment. A problem occurred while submitting your comment. There was a problem loading comments right now. 5.0 out of 5 stars Five Stars. By Joe on October 10, 2016. Service Provider: verizon | Color: Black | Size: With Camera | Verified Purchase. Was this review helpful to you?. Talk about why you like this review, or ask a question.. Paste the product's web address below:. Only products offered on Amazon can be linked.. In the text of your review, you can link directly to any product offered on Amazon.com. To insert a product link, follow these steps:. Find the product you want to reference on Amazon.com. Copy the web address of the product. Paste the web address in the box. Selecting the item displayed will insert text that looks like this:. When your review is displayed on Amazon.com, this text will be transformed into a hyperlink, like so: Hamlet (The Pelican Shakespeare). You are limited to 10 product links in your review, and your link text may not be longer than 256 characters.. Please write at least one word. You must be in good standing in the Amazon community to post.. Your message will not be posted. Please see our guidelines regarding objectionable content.. You must purchase at least one item from Amazon to post a comment. A problem occurred while submitting your comment. There was a problem loading comments right now. 2.0 out of 5 stars Bare bones cell phone. By Amazon Customer on July 13, 2017. Service Provider: verizon | Color: Black | Size: With Camera | Verified Purchase. This phone appears used with scratches and no written product information. My last BLackBerry had a CD of User Tools, a setup guide booklet, and Verizon Global Support Card. Why are these important items missing?. Was this review helpful to you?. Talk about why you like this review, or ask a question.. Paste the product's web address below:. Only products offered on Amazon can be linked.. In the text of your review, you can link directly to any product offered on Amazon.com. To insert a product link, follow these steps:. Find the product you want to reference on Amazon.com. Copy the web address of the product. Paste the web address in the box. Selecting the item displayed will insert text that looks like this:. When your review is displayed on Amazon.com, this text will be transformed into a hyperlink, like so: Hamlet (The Pelican Shakespeare). You are limited to 10 product links in your review, and your link text may not be longer than 256 characters.. Please write at least one word. You must be in good standing in the Amazon community to post.. Your message will not be posted. Please see our guidelines regarding objectionable content.. You must purchase at least one item from Amazon to post a comment. A problem occurred while submitting your comment. There was a problem loading comments right now. 5.0 out of 5 stars Five Stars. By Donatello on May 26, 2017. Service Provider: verizon | Color: Black | Size: With Camera | Verified Purchase. Came in great condition and is satisfying everything I ordered it for.. Was this review helpful to you?. Talk about why you like this review, or ask a question.. Paste the product's web address below:. Only products offered on Amazon can be linked.. In the text of your review, you can link directly to any product offered on Amazon.com. To insert a product link, follow these steps:. Find the product you want to reference on Amazon.com. Copy the web address of the product. Paste the web address in the box. Selecting the item displayed will insert text that looks like this:. When your review is displayed on Amazon.com, this text will be transformed into a hyperlink, like so: Hamlet (The Pelican Shakespeare). You are limited to 10 product links in your review, and your link text may not be longer than 256 characters.. Please write at least one word. You must be in good standing in the Amazon community to post.. Your message will not be posted. Please see our guidelines regarding objectionable content.. You must purchase at least one item from Amazon to post a comment. A problem occurred while submitting your comment. There was a problem loading comments right now. 4.0 out of 5 stars Indeed "classic" BlackBerry, but very dificient in apps.. By Philip Mannino on October 24, 2017. Service Provider: verizon | Color: Black | Size: With Camera | Verified Purchase. It is a great BlackBerry phone because it indeed has the "classic" features that I love about BlackBerry. However, the non-availability of apps is very disappointing.. 2 2 comments | Was this review helpful to you?. Talk about why you like this review, or ask a question.. Paste the product's web address below:. Only products offered on Amazon can be linked.. In the text of your review, you can link directly to any product offered on Amazon.com. To insert a product link, follow these steps:. Find the product you want to reference on Amazon.com. Copy the web address of the product. Paste the web address in the box. Selecting the item displayed will insert text that looks like this:. When your review is displayed on Amazon.com, this text will be transformed into a hyperlink, like so: Hamlet (The Pelican Shakespeare). You are limited to 10 product links in your review, and your link text may not be longer than 256 characters.. Please write at least one word. You must be in good standing in the Amazon community to post.. Your message will not be posted. Please see our guidelines regarding objectionable content.. You must purchase at least one item from Amazon to post a comment. A problem occurred while submitting your comment. There was a problem loading comments right now. 5.0 out of 5 stars awesome. By Kyle Speg on August 29, 2015. Service Provider: verizon | Color: Black | Size: No Camera | Verified Purchase. IT DOES NOT HAVE A CAMERA. It does not have a camera. There, was that enough? Now, the review: I love it. It's the best phone I've ever had. It's so versatile and has so many functions. Best phone for a business or industrial setting. Probably gonna have it for a while.. Was this review helpful to you?. Talk about why you like this review, or ask a question.. Paste the product's web address below:. Only products offered on Amazon can be linked.. In the text of your review, you can link directly to any product offered on Amazon.com. To insert a product link, follow these steps:. Find the product you want to reference on Amazon.com. Copy the web address of the product. Paste the web address in the box. Selecting the item displayed will insert text that looks like this:. When your review is displayed on Amazon.com, this text will be transformed into a hyperlink, like so: Hamlet (The Pelican Shakespeare). You are limited to 10 product links in your review, and your link text may not be longer than 256 characters.. Please write at least one word. You must be in good standing in the Amazon community to post.. Your message will not be posted. Please see our guidelines regarding objectionable content.. You must purchase at least one item from Amazon to post a comment. A problem occurred while submitting your comment. There was a problem loading comments right now. 5.0 out of 5 stars :). By Lessue on July 11, 2017. Service Provider: verizon | Color: Black | Size: With Camera | Verified Purchase. Was this review helpful to you?. Talk about why you like this review, or ask a question.. Paste the product's web address below:. Only products offered on Amazon can be linked.. In the text of your review, you can link directly to any product offered on Amazon.com. To insert a product link, follow these steps:. Find the product you want to reference on Amazon.com. Copy the web address of the product. Paste the web address in the box. Selecting the item displayed will insert text that looks like this:. When your review is displayed on Amazon.com, this text will be transformed into a hyperlink, like so: Hamlet (The Pelican Shakespeare). You are limited to 10 product links in your review, and your link text may not be longer than 256 characters.. Please write at least one word. You must be in good standing in the Amazon community to post.. Your message will not be posted. Please see our guidelines regarding objectionable content.. You must purchase at least one item from Amazon to post a comment. A problem occurred while submitting your comment. There was a problem loading comments right now. ← Previous 1 2 3 4 ... Questions? Get fast answers from reviewers. Please make sure that you are posting in the form of a question.. BlackBerry Classic Factory Unlocked Cellphone, Black. 3.9 out of 5 stars 542. BlackBerry Q10, Black 16GB (Verizon Wireless). 3.7 out of 5 stars 63. 4.1 out of 5 stars 38. BlackBerry Classic Factory Unlocked Black SQC100-4. 3.5 out of 5 stars 46. Blackberry Q10 Unlocked Cellphone, 16GB, Black. 3.8 out of 5 stars 779. Need customer service? Click here. ‹ See all details for BlackBerry Classic Non-Camera, Black 16GB (Verizon Wireless). There's a problem loading this menu right now.. Get fast, free shipping with Amazon Prime. Prime members enjoy FREE Two-Day Shipping and exclusive access to music, movies, TV shows, original audio series, and Kindle books.. Careers About Amazon Investor Relations Amazon Devices. Sell on Amazon Sell Your Services on Amazon Sell on Amazon Business Sell Your Apps on Amazon Become an Affiliate Advertise Your Products Self-Publish with Us › See all. Amazon Rewards Visa Signature Cards Amazon.com Store Card Amazon.com Corporate Credit Line Shop with Points Credit Card Marketplace Reload Your Balance Amazon Currency Converter. Your Account Your Orders Shipping Rates & Policies Amazon Prime Returns & Replacements Manage Your Content and Devices Amazon Assistant Help. Amazon Music Stream millions of songs. Amazon Drive Cloud storage from Amazon. 6pm Score deals on fashion brands. AbeBooks Books, art & collectibles. ACX Audiobook Publishing Made Easy. Alexa Actionable Analytics for the Web. Amazon Business Everything For Your Business. AmazonFresh Groceries & More Right To Your Door. AmazonGlobal Ship Orders Internationally. Home Services Handpicked Pros Happiness Guarantee. Amazon Inspire Digital Educational Resources. Amazon Rapids Fun stories for kids on the go. Amazon Restaurants Food delivery from local restaurants. Amazon Video Direct Video Distribution Made Easy. Amazon Web Services Scalable Cloud Computing Services. Audible Download Audio Books. AudiobookStand Discount Audiobooks on Disc. Book Depository Books With Free Delivery Worldwide. Box Office Mojo Find Movie Box Office Data. ComiXology Thousands of Digital Comics. CreateSpace Indie Print Publishing Made Easy. DPReview Digital Photography. East Dane Designer Men's Fashion. Fabric Sewing, Quilting & Knitting. Goodreads Book reviews & recommendations. IMDb Movies, TV & Celebrities. IMDbPro Get Info Entertainment Professionals Need. Junglee.com Shop Online in India. Kindle Direct Publishing Indie Digital Publishing Made Easy. Prime Now FREE 2-Hour Delivery on Everyday Items. Prime Photos Unlimited Photo Storage Free With Prime. Shopbop Designer Fashion Brands. TenMarks.com Math Activities for Kids & Schools. Warehouse Deals Open-Box Discounts. Whole Foods Market America’s Healthiest Grocery Store. Withoutabox Submit to Film Festivals. Woot! Deals and Shenanigans. Zappos Shoes & Clothing. Souq.com Shop Online in the Middle East. Subscribe with Amazon Discover & try subscription services. Conditions of Use Privacy Notice Interest-Based Ads © 1996-2018, Amazon.com, Inc. 
Our new search experience requires JavaScript to be enabled. Please enable JavaScript on your browser , then try again .. All Categories Antiques Art Baby Books Business & Industrial Cameras & Photo Cell Phones & Accessories Clothing, Shoes & Accessories Coins & Paper Money Collectibles Computers/Tablets & Networking Consumer Electronics Crafts Dolls & Bears DVDs & Movies eBay Motors Entertainment Memorabilia Gift Cards & Coupons Health & Beauty Home & Garden Jewelry & Watches Music Musical Instruments & Gear Pet Supplies Pottery & Glass Real Estate Specialty Services Sporting Goods Sports Mem, Cards & Fan Shop Stamps Tickets & Experiences Toys & Hobbies Travel Video Games & Consoles Everything Else. Hi ( Sign in to bid or buy) Daily Deals Gift Cards Help & Contact Sell. Summary Recently Viewed Bids/Offers Watch List Purchase History Selling Saved Searches Saved Sellers Messages. Refine your search for BlackBerry Classic Non Camera. All Listings - Current page. results for BlackBerry Classic Non Camera. Save BlackBerry Classic Non Camera to get e-mail alerts and updates on your eBay Feed.. Unfollow BlackBerry Classic Non Camera to stop getting updates on your eBay Feed.. You'll receive email and Feed alerts when new items arrive. Afghanistan - AFG Albania - ALB Algeria - DZA American Samoa - ASM Andorra - AND Angola - AGO Anguilla - AIA Antigua and Barbuda - ATG Argentina - ARG Armenia - ARM Aruba - ABW Australia - AUS Austria - AUT Azerbaijan Republic - AZE Bahamas - BHS Bahrain - BHR Bangladesh - BGD Barbados - BRB Belarus - BLR Belgium - BEL Belize - BLZ Benin - BEN Bermuda - BMU Bhutan - BTN Bolivia - BOL Bosnia and Herzegovina - BIH Botswana - BWA Brazil - BRA British Virgin Islands - VGB Brunei Darussalam - BRN Bulgaria - BGR Burkina Faso - BFA Burma - MMR Burundi - BDI Cambodia - KHM Cameroon - CMR Canada - CAN Cape Verde Islands - CPV Cayman Islands - CYM Central African Republic - CAF Chad - TCD Chile - CHL China - CHN Colombia - COL Comoros - COM Congo, Democratic Republic of the - COD Congo, Republic of the - COG Cook Islands - COK Costa Rica - CRI Cote d Ivoire (Ivory Coast) - CIV Croatia, Republic of - HRV Cyprus - CYP Czech Republic - CZE Denmark - DNK Djibouti - DJI Dominica - DMA Dominican Republic - DOM Ecuador - ECU Egypt - EGY El Salvador - SLV Equatorial Guinea - GNQ Eritrea - ERI Estonia - EST Ethiopia - ETH Falkland Islands (Islas Malvinas) - FLK Fiji - FJI Finland - FIN France - FRA French Guiana - GUF French Polynesia - PYF Gabon Republic - GAB Gambia - GMB Georgia - GEO Germany - DEU Ghana - GHA Gibraltar - GIB Greece - GRC Greenland - GRL Grenada - GRD Guadeloupe - GLP Guam - GUM Guatemala - GTM Guernsey - GGY Guinea - GIN Guinea-Bissau - GNB Guyana - GUY Haiti - HTI Honduras - HND Hong Kong - HKG Hungary - HUN Iceland - ISL India - IND Indonesia - IDN Ireland - IRL Israel - ISR Italy - ITA Jamaica - JAM Japan - JPN Jersey - JEY Jordan - JOR Kazakhstan - KAZ Kenya - KEN Kiribati - KIR Korea, South - KOR Kuwait - KWT Kyrgyzstan - KGZ Laos - LAO Latvia - LVA Lebanon - LBN Liechtenstein - LIE Lithuania - LTU Luxembourg - LUX Macau - MAC Macedonia - MKD Madagascar - MDG Malawi - MWI Malaysia - MYS Maldives - MDV Mali - MLI Malta - MLT Marshall Islands - MHL Martinique - MTQ Mauritania - MRT Mauritius - MUS Mayotte - MYT Mexico - MEX Micronesia - FSM Moldova - MDA Monaco - MCO Mongolia - MNG Montenegro - MNE Montserrat - MSR Morocco - MAR Mozambique - MOZ Namibia - NAM Nauru - NRU Nepal - NPL Netherlands - NLD Netherlands Antilles - ANT New Caledonia - NCL New Zealand - NZL Nicaragua - NIC Niger - NER Nigeria - NGA Niue - NIU Norway - NOR Oman - OMN Pakistan - PAK Palau - PLW Panama - PAN Papua New Guinea - PNG Paraguay - PRY Peru - PER Philippines - PHL Poland - POL Portugal - PRT Puerto Rico - PRI Qatar - QAT Reunion - REU Romania - ROU Russian Federation - RUS Rwanda - RWA Saint Helena - SHN Saint Kitts-Nevis - KNA Saint Lucia - LCA Saint Pierre and Miquelon - SPM Saint Vincent and the Grenadines - VCT San Marino - SMR Saudi Arabia - SAU Senegal - SEN Serbia - SRB Seychelles - SYC Sierra Leone - SLE Singapore - SGP Slovakia - SVK Slovenia - SVN Solomon Islands - SLB Somalia - SOM South Africa - ZAF Spain - ESP Sri Lanka - LKA Suriname - SUR Swaziland - SWZ Sweden - SWE Switzerland - CHE Taiwan - TWN Tajikistan - TJK Tanzania - TZA Thailand - THA Togo - TGO Tonga - TON Trinidad and Tobago - TTO Tunisia - TUN Turkey - TUR Turkmenistan - TKM Turks and Caicos Islands - TCA Tuvalu - TUV Uganda - UGA Ukraine - UKR United Arab Emirates - ARE United Kingdom - UK United States - USA Uruguay - URU Uzbekistan - UZB Vanuatu - VUT Vatican City State - VAT Venezuela - VEN Vietnam - VNM Virgin Islands (U.S) - VIR Wallis and Futuna - WLF Western Sahara - ESH Western Samoa - WSM Yemen - YEM Zambia - ZMB Zimbabwe - ZWE. For BlackBerry Classic Q20, Classic Non Camera Gel TPU Silicone Case Cover Skin. For BlackBerry Classic Q20, Classic Non Camera,Black TPU Gel Case Cover Skin. BlackBerry Classic Non Camera [QTY: 1] 8GB Micro SD Memory Card Flash TF Storage. BlackBerry Classic Non Camera [QTY: 1] 8GB Micro SD Memory Card Flash TF Storage. BlackBerry Classic Non Camera 128GB Micro SDXC up to 48MB/s with Adapter U150. BlackBerry Classic Non Camera 32GB Micro SD Memory Card SDHC Ultra Class 1 U104. 2 new & refurbished from $36.39. BlackBerry Classic Non Camera 32GB Micro SD Memory Card Ultra Class 10 SDH U1AC. 2 new & refurbished from $32.69. BlackBerry Classic Non Camera 8GB microSD High Capacity (microSDHC) Card - U169. 4 new & refurbished from $20.09. BlackBerry Classic Non Camera Sony 8GB Class 10 Micro SDHC R40 Memory Card U1F1. BlackBerry Classic Non Camera Micro SD Card Reader USB Adapter Up to 32GB U17E. 2 new & refurbished from $5.59. BlackBerry Classic Non Camera 8GB Micro SD Memory Card Flash TF Storage Ca U1E5. 4 new & refurbished from $20.89. BlackBerry Classic Non Camera Kingston Digital Multi-Kit/Mobi lity Kit 8 GB U1B2. 2 new & refurbished from $19.89. BlackBerry Classic Non Camera Ultra 8GB UHI-I/Class 10 Micro SDHC Memory C U1BA. 2 new & refurbished from $17.19. BlackBerry Classic Non Camera [QTY: 1] 8GB Micro SD Memory Card Flash TF Storage. BlackBerry Classic Non Camera Card Reader HM-LM180D01-Z- 19 Micro SD Card R U1A7. For BlackBerry Classic Q20, Classic Non Camera TPU Gel Case Cover Skin. Unicorn Belt Clip Holster Bag Hook Loop Pouch PU Leather Case For BlackBerry. BlackBerry Classic Non Camera [QTY: 1] 8GB Micro SD Memory Card Flash TF Storage. TPU Gel Case Cover Skin For BlackBerry Classic Q20, Classic Non Camera. Business Style Mens Waist Bag Pouch Belt Hook Loop Bags For BlackBerry Phone Bag. Soft Elastic Neoprene Shock Absorbing Sleeve Pouch Case Cover For BlackBerry. BlackBerry Classic Non Camera [QTY: 1] 8GB Micro SD Memory Card Flash TF Storage. For Apple iPhone:Genuine Blackberry Stereo Handsfree Headset/Headph ones Earphone. Deco Wristlet Wallet PVC Case w/ Free Hand Strap for Acer, Archos, Blu, Celkon. Pocket Cell phone Carry Case Waterproof Bag Shockproof Cover for BlackBerry. Multi Colored Premium Organized Tablet Sleeve Case w/ Extra Pocket -9.1" Device. 32GB micro SD (Class 10) Flash Memory Card High Speed for Cell Phone Smartphone. BLACKBERRY Classic Non Camera BRAND NEW Premium HOME Charger adapter + USB Cable. Sports Gym Fitness Armband Case & Handsfree For BlackBerry Classic Non Camera. Waterproof Protection Wallet Carry Case Bag Cover for BlackBerry Cell Phone. Used Blackberry Classic Non-Camera 16GB Unlocked Verizon Phone includes extras. 7 new & refurbished from $119.55. New Leather Stand Flip Wallet Cover Case For Various BlackBerry Models + Strap. Black Flip Cover Stand Wallet Leather Case For Various BlackBerry SmartPhones. Micro USB Charging Data Sync Charger Cable For BlackBerry Classic Non Camera. 1M 3.5mm Jack Aux Cable Audio Lead Car Phone For BlackBerry Classic Non Camera. Leather Wallet Stand Magnetic Flip Case Cover For Various BlackBerry SmartPhones. BlackBerry Classic Non Camera 32GB Micro SD Memory Card SDHC Ultra Class 1 U1F5. 2 new & refurbished from $36.39. BlackBerry Classic Non Camera 32GB Micro SD Memory Card Ultra Class 10 SDH U1AB. 2 new & refurbished from $32.69. BlackBerry Classic Non Camera 8GB microSD High Capacity (microSDHC) Card - U10D. 4 new & refurbished from $20.09. BlackBerry Classic Non Camera 8GB Micro SD Memory Card Flash TF Storage Ca U195. 4 new & refurbished from $20.89. BlackBerry Classic Non Camera Kingston Digital Multi-Kit/Mobi lity Kit 8 GB U194. 2 new & refurbished from $19.89. BlackBerry Classic Non Camera Ultra 8GB UHI-I/Class 10 Micro SDHC Memory C U1AE. 2 new & refurbished from $17.19. BlackBerry Classic Non Camera Micro SD Card Reader USB Adapter Up to 32GB U1F8. 2 new & refurbished from $5.59. Genuine Blackberry Stereo Handsfree Headset/Headph ones Sound Isolating Earphones. New 3D Unicorn PU Leather Phone Bag Belt Loop Hook Case Pouch For BlackBerry. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. eBay determines this price through a machine learned model of the product's sale prices within the last 90 days.. eBay determines trending price through a machine learned model of the product’s sale prices within the last 90 days. "New" refers to a brand-new, unused, unopened, undamaged item, and "Used" refers to an item that has been used previously.. Top Rated Plus Sellers with highest buyer ratings Returns, money back Ships in a business day with tracking Learn More. Top Rated Plus Sellers with highest buyer ratings Returns, money back Ships in a business day with tracking Learn More. Cell Phones, Smart Watches & Accessories. Cell Phone Cases, Covers & Skins. $ Enter minimum price to $ Enter maximum price. Please enter a minimum and/or maximum price before continuing.. Site Map Copyright © 1995-2018 eBay Inc. Accessibility , User Agreement , Privacy , Cookies and AdChoice Norton Secured - powered by Verisign. Number of bids and bid amounts may be slightly out of date. See each listing for international shipping options and costs.. 
BlackBerry Classic Non Camera Now Available For Pre-Order At Verizon. 28 February 2015, 7:17 am EST By Anu Passary Tech Times. carrier Verizon may have begun offering the BlackBerry Classic, but customers have another surprise in store for them: a non-camera variant of the smartphone.. 26, Verizon's variant of the BlackBerry Classic went up for pre-order on the network carrier's site, but the listing of a special non-camera variant of the new smartphone was unexpected.. The BlackBerry Classic Non Camera is likely targeted at people who are prohibited from using mobile phones that have a camera at work as part of company policies. Therefore, business users and employees who want a smartphone with nifty features and don't want to compromise on that account have the perfect answer in the BlackBerry Classic Non Camera.. The BlackBerry Classic Non Camera does not have both front-facing and rear-facing cameras unlike its BlackBerry Classic model. The rest of the features are all the same.. "The BlackBerry Classic Non Camera features a physical keyboard and familiar navigation keys, with the power of the BlackBerry 10 operating system," stated Verizon.. The BlackBerry Classic Non Camera sports a 3.5-inch HD LCD screen with 720 x 720 pixels resolution (294 ppi). The smartphone also touts a touchscreen with the latest Corning Gorilla Glass 3.. Under the hood, the device houses a Qualcomm MSM 8960 processor, which is clocked at 1.5 GHz. The BlackBerry Classic Non Camera will have 2GB of RAM and 16GB of on-board memory. Users will have the option to expand the memory up to 128GB via a microSD card.. The new BlackBerry smartphone runs on the company's BlackBerry 10.3.1 OS. The BlackBerry Classic Non Camera does not have the 8MP primary camera found on sibling BlackBerry Classic. It, however, has the same 2,515 mAH battery that can support 17.2 hours of usage on GSM.. Since the BlackBerry Classic Non Camera has the camera missing, one would think that this smartphone would be priced cheaper than its sibling, but it is not. The BlackBerry Classic Non Camera and BlackBerry Classic are priced the same and cost $99.99 on a two-year contract with Verizon.. Purchasing the smartphone outright will cost $399.99. The BlackBerry Classic Non Camera can be pre-ordered. It will start shipping from Mar. BlackBerry , BlackBerry Classic Non Camera , Verizon Wireless. Â© 2018 Tech Times, All rights reserved. Entropia Universe And ComPetâs Unique Cross Connectivity Allows Players To Trade Pets Across Platforms: A Closer Look. Players of Entropia Universe can exchange pets for Project Entropia Dollars, or PED, from another game called ComPet.. Love Tech Times? Let's Keep in Touch!. Sign up for our email newsletter today. Tech Times' biggest stories, delivered to your inbox.. By clicking on 'Submit' button above, you confirm that you accept Tech Times Terms & Conditions. Scientists Created New Form Of Light With Potential Use In Quantum Computing. Parents Are Feeding Their Kids Bleach To 'Cure' Autism, What Is MMS?. Should You Drink Alcohol To Live Longer? Studies Show Risks Of Booze May Outweigh Benefits.. Astrophysicists Discover Ultramassive Black Holes In Far-Off Galaxies. A Woman's Bloated Stomach Turned Out To Be Surgical Sponges Left Inside Her For Several Years. Drinking Alcohol Helps Better Than Exercise If You Want To Live Past 90 Years Old. Astronomers Use Improved Hubble Telescope To Measure Expansion Rate Of The Universe. Eating Yogurt Linked To Lower Cardiovascular Disease Risk In Individuals With High Blood Pressure. Lunar Missions Reveal Moon May Have Widespread Water. Most Popular Antidepressant Among Least Effective In Treating Depression. New Google AI Can Detect Cardiovascular Diseases Using Retinal Scans. Drinking Acidic Fruit Tea Can Damage Your Teeth, Scientists Say. What Will Happen When Humans Make Contact With Aliens? Physicist Michio Kaku Says It Depends. The Amazon Rainforest Is At A Tipping Point, Research Finds. Tech Science Health Culture Reviews Features Videos Archives. About Us | Contact Us | Content Licensing | Terms & Conditions | Privacy Policy | Media Kit | BrandSpin. 
more ... more .... more ... more .... BlackBerry Classic Non Camera can be pre-ordered now from Verizon. BlackBerry Classic Non Camera can be pre-ordered now from Verizon. posted by Alan F.. Tags :. Verizon - Verizon + BlackBerry - BlackBerry +. For corporations who are fearful of pictures being taken of secret projects, giving employees a smartphone to use contains a risk. But there is a currently offered model that will soon be available without a rear or front-facing camera. That model is the BlackBerry Classic. Available from Verizon , the camera-less version of the handset is actually called the BlackBerry Classic Non Camera. Outside of the missing cameras, the specs remain the same including a 3.5-inch screen with a resolution of 720 x 720. A dual-core Qualcomm Snapdragon S4 MSM8960 CPU is under the hood and the handset is equipped with 2GB of RAM and 16GB of native storage. Need more memory? A 128GB microSD slot is available for such matters. A 2515mAh battery keeps the lights on and BlackBerry 10.3.1 is pre-installed. That means BlackBerry Assistant comes with the unit right out of the box. The BlackBerry Classic Non Camera can be pre-ordered from Verizon (click on the sourcelink) for $99.99 with a signed two-year pact. That includes a $50 mail-in rebate that expires after March 16th. The phone won't ship until March 31st, 2015. source: Verizon via mobiletelefon.ru ( translated ). The BlackBerry Non Camera launches via Verizon on March 31st. Sony Xperia XZ2 impressions: Gone with the old, in with the new. Samsung Galaxy S9 and S9+ hands-on: Worthy of celebrity hands. BlackBerry Priv, Passport, Classic and other models no longer available from BlackBerry in the U.S. BlackBerry confirms that the BlackBerry Classic is no longer being manufactured. From now to January 5th, buy a new BlackBerry and get a free sync pod and case (Priv included). BlackBerry Black Friday sale chops up to 20% off selected phones until December 1st. T-Mobile promotion seeks BlackBerry users wanting to switch to the Un-carrier. BlackBerry expected to post a small loss for fiscal Q2; company's operations valued at under $300M. (Posts: 450; Member since: 23 Oct 2014). posted on 26 Feb 2015, 12:44. I like the design of this phone and the price is good. If blackberry had gone the Android way, they would have been a very successful brand .. They should kill their pride and start using Android, pride only hurts, never helps.. (Posts: 17813; Member since: 28 May 2014). posted on 26 Feb 2015, 14:12. Really? BlackBerry would be a "successful" brand if they had gone Android?. So what's HTC's excuse as of late? Or Sony's? How about Motorola, which hasn't been profitable with its Android-only tactic lately? Or Samsung, which now has falling profits?. Obviously, Android is not always the answer. And it's not "pride" that has BlackBerry still using their own OS, it's the fact that it's the most secure OS out today, which is exactly what BlackBerry's target audience desires and NEEDS.. (Posts: 156; Member since: 03 Mar 2015). posted on 03 Mar 2015, 05:19. Only a fool look into failure company like Sony or HTC. Why not look up at XiaoMi, Huawei, ZTE, Oppo, Coolpad, Lenovo.. (Posts: 17813; Member since: 28 May 2014). posted on 03 Mar 2015, 08:16. in response to #72 Hide. Yeah, I know it's you, troll.. posted on 26 Feb 2015, 17:13. I think the part with not having a camera will hurt it the most. (Posts: 17813; Member since: 28 May 2014). posted on 26 Feb 2015, 17:22. If you READ THE ARTICLE, you will see why this version is sans camera. It's made for a specific market.. posted on 26 Feb 2015, 19:27. in response to #24 Hide. Don't get your panties in a twist.. (Posts: 17813; Member since: 28 May 2014). posted on 27 Feb 2015, 02:10. in response to #36 Hide. I fixed your post for you.. posted on 27 Feb 2015, 10:19. in response to #43 Hide. Nobody needs you to fix their comment. (Posts: 17813; Member since: 28 May 2014). posted on 27 Feb 2015, 15:17. in response to #49 Hide. "Damn! Must you always point out when I'm trolling?". posted on 28 Feb 2015, 20:48. in response to #59 Hide. (Posts: 17813; Member since: 28 May 2014). posted on 28 Feb 2015, 21:07. in response to #63 Hide. "I have no witty comeback, so I'll just say something lame.". I fixed your post for you.. (Posts: 2339; Member since: 23 Jan 2014). posted on 26 Feb 2015, 17:23. This is a niche product and it's not meant for general consumption. There are still companies that don't allow camera phones inside their buildings. At least with this phone, you're able to bring it inside the building because even flip phones have cameras.. posted on 26 Feb 2015, 19:27. in response to #26 Hide. I know Amazon warehouse employees aren't permitted to bring cameras into the building. Some warehouses and factories are the same way.. (Posts: 1158; Member since: 27 May 2012). posted on 26 Feb 2015, 12:48. I am still having a new BlackBerry Bold 9000 Non-camera... (Posts: 167; Member since: 25 Aug 2014). posted on 26 Feb 2015, 13:45. Why is a 2015 smartphone without a camera awesome? Who will buy this lol? Blackberry is just sad now and this is coming from a man who still uses his Blackberry Curve 8520 on occasion.. (Posts: 201; Member since: 17 Mar 2014). posted on 26 Feb 2015, 13:54. "For corporations who are fearful of pictures being taken of secret projects.." I think those corporations would buy some.. (Posts: 1158; Member since: 27 May 2012). posted on 26 Feb 2015, 14:09. Bold 9000 is a very remarkable phones and one of the best BB phones. There are many many places in the world where phones having camera are prohibited to use (In the middle east for example). In this case, most of people tends to buy Nokia's basic phones. I guess they wish they could use a smartphone in their work, but because of its camera, they can't. So, having a smartphone in these places is awesome.. (Posts: 167; Member since: 25 Aug 2014). posted on 26 Feb 2015, 13:44. Two year contract, no camera, and still $99.00. I think the Passport is an ok phone, but this is just garbage in every way. Please tell me how this is an effective phone? Why the hell does it not have a camera? Even the worst feature phones have a camera and cost under $50 without a contract.. (Posts: 2; Member since: 26 Feb 2015). posted on 26 Feb 2015, 13:58. They even tell you in the article why this would be desired. My company doesn't allow cameras and this is something they will look into.. (Posts: 17813; Member since: 28 May 2014). posted on 26 Feb 2015, 14:01. Perhaps you should actually READ THE ARTICLE, hell, even the FIRST SENTENCE, and then MAYBE you will understand why this phone doesn't have a camera. Or is it that reading comprehension just isn't your strong suit?. (Posts: 167; Member since: 25 Aug 2014). posted on 26 Feb 2015, 14:57. Cortana and Dragon software read and type for me.. (Posts: 17813; Member since: 28 May 2014). posted on 26 Feb 2015, 15:25. in response to #13 Hide. There, I fixed your post for you.. (Posts: 167; Member since: 25 Aug 2014). posted on 26 Feb 2015, 15:29. in response to #15 Hide. You secretly want my Lumia 1520, but you are stuck with a Passport. I will remember this and we are no longer friends.. (Posts: 17813; Member since: 28 May 2014). posted on 26 Feb 2015, 15:43. in response to #17 Hide. The Passport kills the Lumia 1520 in every way except the camera. But I will give you an "A" for comedy relief.. (Posts: 167; Member since: 25 Aug 2014). posted on 26 Feb 2015, 16:49. in response to #18 Hide. (Posts: 17813; Member since: 28 May 2014). posted on 26 Feb 2015, 17:09. in response to #19 Hide. There is absolutely nothing wrong with the way I posted it. I'm a "grammar cop", remember? You're the illiterate one. Speaking of grammar cop: There should be periods at the end of your sentences. (Posts: 167; Member since: 25 Aug 2014). posted on 26 Feb 2015, 23:03. in response to #20 Hide. Jeopardy asks this every year under the category, "Commonly butchered expressions." Trolling aside, I win! If you think you're right post a source.. (Posts: 17813; Member since: 28 May 2014). posted on 27 Feb 2015, 02:09. in response to #41 Hide. No, you're wrong and you're illiterate. You don't like to read and write, remember?. There is no trolling aside with you, you just troll. If you think you're right, YOU post a source. (Posts: 167; Member since: 25 Aug 2014). posted on 27 Feb 2015, 06:25. in response to #42 Hide. Want to comment? Please login or register .. BlackBerry Classic Non Camera can be pre-ordered now from Verizon. BlackBerry Classic Non Camera can be pre-ordered now from Verizon. Gear S4 may come with a blood pressure monitor, Samsung patent reveals. Google Pay launches today, but its most important feature is not here yet. Galaxy S9 and S9+ previewed in glorious detail with full specs and release date. Galaxy S9 and S9+ price and release date on Verizon, AT&T, T-Mobile and Best Buy. The Samsung Galaxy S9 and S9+ have game-changing cameras with variable aperture and 960fps slow-mo video recording. The Big Barcelona Camera Comparison: iPhone X vs Pixel 2 XL vs Note 8. Samsung Galaxy S9 and S9+ rumor review: Specs, design, features, price and release date. Sony presents Xperia XZ2 and XZ2 Compact: new design and Snapdragon 845. Galaxy S9 Exynos edition gets benchmarked against rivals!. Galaxy S9 first camera comparison vs iPhone X, V30, S8. Samsung Galaxy S9 & S9+ hands-on. MWC 2018: top smartphones to expect. Best smartphone you can buy in 2018. Allo is a quality app, but Google isn't giving it a real chance. All content (phone reviews, news, specs, info), design and layouts are Copyright 2001-2018 phoneArena.com. Reproduction in whole or in part or in any form or medium without written permission is prohibited! Privacy. 
BlackBerry Classic Non Camera - user opinions and reviews. Pages: 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 ». Macbeth, 29 Nov 2017 There is a version of this phone that has a camera which doesn't actually cost more... more I wasnt aware there was one with a camera, this version doesn't need to exist lol. Lady Macbeth, 28 Nov 2017 I disagree, this phone was made as a homage to older blackberry devices. more There is a version of this phone that has a camera which doesn't actually cost more... So yeah, Macduff has a point.. Macduff, 20 Nov 2017 There was no reason BlackBerry should have made this phone... I disagree, this phone was made as a homage to older blackberry devices. whole it would have been better if it had a camera, it has decent specs for what ts worth. There was no reason BlackBerry should have made this phone.... you can use NONCAMERA iphone it's high price but has iOS ... they can i think iran but ask them first because your country is blocked in US. masoud, 01 Jun 2017 i,m looking a phone with no camera thats great .where can i buy this phone in tehran Iran. Salam , you can't find it easily it's for Verizon. maybe buy it in canada,usa,internet shop. you have to know how unlocking phone "it cost dollars" SO you can use it in your country. i don't know about in phone in europe. or do they sell it unlock ?. i,m looking a phone with no camera thats great .where can i buy this phone in tehran Iran.. jt, 14 Mar 2016 i want to install my own language keyboard (Tamil) is it possible in this Phone? No camera's actually practical for some. I know my friend worked somewhere in DC where if your phone had a camera you had to send it in to be removed.. can we have whatsapp in this model? Is it available in india?. Silver Spoon, 12 Sep 2016 or, be a photographer, pro or amateur, carrying your DSLR everywhere with a nifty fifty, and j... But i need it for business and the camera mean a lot (shot documents for eg) And a 8mpx camera is good enough for less quality (but not so less) product shots, for share on your social pages. But my dsrl is always present of course. Kindly advise me where to purchase this model. Looking forward for your response the soonest. Aadrian, 27 Apr 2016 Realize that maybe some people want a smartphone but because circumstances cannot carry a phon... more or, be a photographer, pro or amateur, carrying your DSLR everywhere with a nifty fifty, and just prefer to shoot photos on a microSD card then transfer then than insulting yourself with facebook-tier webcam garbage. I picked the BB 8820 in 2007 because back then it was like, the last phone without a mandatory webcam on the back. now, i'm with the Q10 and never really found a point of having a camera on a professional-targeted phone. if you're the kind of guy posting snapshits on facebook/tumblr, you deserve an iphone.. Where to buy this phone at UAE or Europe?. Good for people working on the rigs in UAE. Aadrian, 27 Apr 2016 Realize that maybe some people want a smartphone but because circumstances cannot carry a phon... more Or maybe a money printing facility...a very restrained market after all..but I guess it could be one!. DealBreaker, 02 Mar 2016 They should make one without display too,that would be just for real productive business orien... more Realize that maybe some people want a smartphone but because circumstances cannot carry a phone with a camera?? Like when you work in a prison, or in military buildings, etc etc. Well, here it is, one without a camera. Because there's nothing else out there.. DealBreaker, 02 Mar 2016 They should make one without display too,that would be just for real productive business orien... more U read my mind bruh. Pages: 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 ». Total of 121 user reviews and opinions for BlackBerry Classic Non Camera .. Samsung Apple Nokia Sony LG HTC Motorola Huawei Microsoft Lenovo Xiaomi Google Acer Asus Oppo OnePlus Meizu BlackBerry Alcatel ZTE Toshiba Vodafone Energizer XOLO Lava Micromax BLU Gionee vivo LeEco Panasonic HP YU verykool Maxwest Plum. BlackBerry Classic BlackBerry Passport BlackBerry Q10 BlackBerry 9720 Nokia C3. BlackBerry Z10 BlackBerry Priv BlackBerry Motion BlackBerry Keyone BlackBerry Passport BlackBerry Z3. 
Community Home Verizon Community Verizon Community Homepage Explore Topics People Content Announcements. Explore Search Sign In / Register Register 0 Sign In. Error: You don't have JavaScript enabled. This tool uses JavaScript and much of it will not work correctly without it enabled. Please turn JavaScript back on and reload this page.. Topics > BlackBerry > Blackberry Classic > > Discussions. You can not post a blank message. Please type your message and try again.. Latest reply on Apr 3, 2015 10:05 AM by Verizon Wireless Customer Support. Is the Blackberry Classic non-camera version unlocked?. fredietan Dec 16, 2015 9:34 AM. Tags: none ( add ). Is the no contract blackberry classic non camera an unlocked version?. This content has been marked as final.. Show 1 reply. Re: Blackberry Classic non camera - unlocked version?. ( in response to fredietan ). Like Show 0 Likes (0). fredietan, making sure that the phone you want has all the features you need is very important. The BlackBerry Classic - non camera version is indeed unlocked for global use. This way you can use it with a local provider if you travel abroad. NicandroN_VZW Follow us on Twitter @VZWSupport If my response answered your question please click the �Correct Answer� button under my response. This ensures others can benefit from our conversation. Thanks in advance for your help with this!. Home | Top of page. Verizon Wireless Community Software Version: 8.0.3.1 , revision: 20160414082626.1619a91.release_8.0.3.x. 
Community Home Verizon Community Verizon Community Homepage Explore Topics People Content Announcements. Explore Search Sign In / Register Register 0 Sign In. Error: You don't have JavaScript enabled. This tool uses JavaScript and much of it will not work correctly without it enabled. Please turn JavaScript back on and reload this page.. Choose a layout and drag widgets onto your Overview Page to customize it. Widgets placed on the page below can be configured by selecting the symbol.. OK Don't show me this again.. Topics > BlackBerry >. I want to: Ask a question View all contributors View all questions View all answered questions. More Overview Activity Content People Subtopics More Actions About Share. Sign In to follow, share, and participate in this community.. Not a member? Join Now!. This bar offers a list of solutions. If your solution is not available, click “Ask it” to create a post (login required).. ringtone cant be set-already paid for it!Blackberry classic. Tried to shut down but phone never shut down and is stuck on the red verizon screen. Can I add my work e-mail to my device?. Can I talk on phone while hotspot is on?. updated to 10.3.3.1463 last night on its own and now will not sync with my mazda 3 (2016). updated to 10.3.3.1463 last night on its own and now will not sync with my mazda 3 (2016). Can I get a BlackBerry classic thru VZW?. Why Can't I Recieve Group Text Messages?. Since this past Sunday, April 11, I have needed to charge my phone twice a day, down from every 2 days. Since upgrading to BB Classic from my beloved BB Curve, I can no longer send texts when I am in certain areas.. Phone drops down to 1X from 4G.. Does the backup Assistant run on the Blackberry Classic? If not, how do I transfer contacts from my old iPhone 5S with Backup Assistant installed?. How do I delete unwanted contacts. How do I remove the verizon cloud completely from my phone?. sim card won't activate - "Network locked". How do I get my text messages to display properly?. Is the Blackberry Classic non-camera version unlocked?. Can I use my device as a mobile hotspot?. Phone stopped ringing and cannot even set it to vibrate. Have done all the trouble shooting recommended but still not working. Get a feed of this content. Home | Top of page. Verizon Wireless Community Software Version: 8.0.3.1 , revision: 20160414082626.1619a91.release_8.0.3.x. 
Select the department you want to search in. Sign in Your Orders Try Prime Your Lists Cart. Your Amazon.in Today's Deals Amazon Pay Sell Customer Service. Electronics Best Sellers Amazon Exclusives Mobiles & Accessories Computers & Accessories Televisions & Home Entertainment Audio Cameras & Accessories Musical Instruments Office & Stationery Buying Guides. We don't know when or if this item will be back in stock.. Available in Bangalore, Mumbai, Chennai, Hyderabad. We don't know when or if this item will be back in stock.. More buying choices for BlackBerry Classic Non-Camera, Black 16GB. This shopping feature will continue to load items. In order to navigate out of this carousel please use your heading shortcut key to navigate to the next or previous heading.. Customers who viewed this item also viewed. Page 1 of 1 Start over Page 1 of 1. BlackBerry Classic (16GB, 2GB RAM) Black. Blackberry Q10 Black 16GB Factory Unlocked, International Version - 4G / LTE 3, 7, 8, 20 (1800 / 2600 / 900 / 800 MHz). Brand New BlackBerry CLASSIC Q20 ( White Colour ) Seal Pack. Find answers in product info, Q&As, reviews. Please make sure that you've entered a valid question. You can edit your question or post anyway.. Don't see what you're looking for?. There was a problem completing your request. Please try your search again later.. What other items do customers buy after viewing this item?. Kushwaha Premium Tempered Glass Screen Protector HD Quality for BlackBerry Classic Q20. product is with Seller Warranty of 1 year, Liquid and Physical damage would not be covered. BlackBerry Classic Non-Camera, Black 16GB Mobile Phone Information. Product Dimensions 7.2 x 1 x 13.1 cm. Batteries: 1 Lithium ion batteries required. Device interface - primary Touch screen/stylus pen. Phone Talk Time 1032 Minutes. Phone Standby Time (with data) 365 Hours. #60,180 in Electronics ( See top 100 ). Electronics > Mobiles & Tablets > Smartphones & Basic Mobiles > Smartphones. Date First Available 17 April 2017. Would you like to tell us about a lower price ? If you are a seller for this product, would you like to suggest updates through seller support ?. 5 star 40% 4 star 20% 3 star 3 star (0%) 0% 2 star 2 star (0%) 0% 1 star 40%. Share your thoughts with other customers. There was a problem filtering reviews right now. 1.0 out of 5 stars Its funny that there is high price for non camera phone. You have to put in low price as there is no camera... Its funny that there is high price for non camera phone. Was this review helpful to you?. 5.0 out of 5 stars Five Stars. Work with vodafon indian sim card?. 0 Comment | Was this review helpful to you?. 5.0 out of 5 stars Not for everyone but great if you need it.. It is for people whose company does not allow camera phones. I hope people understand this and this is for people who really need a non camera smartphone.. Was this review helpful to you?. 4.0 out of 5 stars Read this please. At this cost you can buy the blackberry priv And people who will buy this are in for a crazy ride as it doesn't even have a camera. Was this review helpful to you?. 1.0 out of 5 stars One Star. seriously? you can actually buy One Plus 3t for the same price !. Was this review helpful to you?. Would you like to see more reviews about this item?. Go to Amazon.com to see all 55 reviews. Unlimited FREE fast delivery, video streaming & more. Prime members enjoy FREE One-Day and Two-Day delivery on eligible items, unlimited video streaming, exclusive access to top deals & more.. About Us Careers Press Releases Amazon Cares Gift a Smile Facebook Twitter Instagram Sell on Amazon Become an Affiliate Fulfilment by Amazon Advertise Your Products Amazon Pay on Merchants Your Account Returns Centre 100% Purchase Protection Amazon Assistant Help. Australia Brazil Canada China France Germany Italy Japan Mexico Netherlands Spain United Kingdom United States. AbeBooks Books, art & collectibles. Amazon Web Services Scalable Cloud Computing Services. Audible Download Audio Books. DPReview Digital Photography. IMDb Movies, TV & Celebrities. Junglee.com Shop Online in India. Look.com Kids' Clothing & Shoes. Shopbop Designer Fashion Brands. Amazon Business Everything For Your Business. Souq.com Shop Online in the Middle East. Amazon Now 2-Hour Delivery on Everyday Items. Conditions of Use & Sale Privacy Notice Interest-Based Ads © 1996-2018, Amazon.com, Inc. 
The next video is starting stop. BlackBerry Classic Non Camera Mobile Specification and Features. Want to watch this again later?. Sign in to add this video to a playlist.. Sign in to report inappropriate content.. Sign in to make your opinion count.. Sign in to make your opinion count.. Rating is available when the video has been rented.. This feature is not available right now. BlackBerry Classic Non Camera smartphone with 3.50-inch 720x1280 display powered by 1.5GHz processor alongside 2GB RAM GENERAL Release date February 2015 Form factor Touchscreen Battery capacity (mAh) 2500 Removable battery No Colours Black SAR value NA DISPLAY Screen size (inches) 3.50 Touchscreen Yes Touchscreen type Capacitive Resolution 720x1280 pixels Colours 16M HARDWARE Processor 1.5GHz dual-core Processor make Qualcomm Snapdragon S4 (MSM8960) RAM 2GB Internal storage 16GB Expandable storage Yes Expandable storage type microSD Expandable storage up to (GB) 128 CAMERA Rear camera No Flash No Front camera No SOFTWARE Operating System BlackBerry OS 10.3.1 Java support Yes Browser supports Flash Yes CONNECTIVITY Wi-Fi Yes Wi-Fi standards supported NA GPS Yes Bluetooth Yes NFC No Infrared No DLNA No Wi-Fi Direct No MHL Out No HDMI No Headphones 3.5mm FM No USB Micro-USB Charging via Micro-USB Yes Proprietary charging connector No Proprietary data connector No SIM Type Micro-SIM GSM/ CDMA GSM 3G No SENSORS Compass/ Magnetometer No Proximity sensor Yes Accelerometer Yes Ambient light sensor Yes Gyroscope Yes Barometer No Temperature sensor No. When autoplay is enabled, a suggested video will automatically play next.. BlackBerry Classic Unboxing & first impressions. BlackBerry Bold 9930 Review Part 1. BlackBerry Priv Review: An Imperfect Union. Nokia 3310 new with 41 Megapixel camera and Windows Phone 8. BlackBerry Priv: In-depth First Few Days. BlackBerry Classic review - The best BlackBerry in years. BlackBerry Classic Review: The Very Best of Yesterday. Blackberry Classic Unboxing & Full Review: Hands-on Features, Camera Test, Samples, vs. Blackberry Classic Hands on Long Review, Camera, Features and Software Overview. first unboxing (Dupad F1 non camera smartphone). Sign in to add this to Watch Later. 
You can track the status of any item in your orders by entering. your email address and either your Order ID (PS #) or Item ID (SR #) .. Your PS/SR Number can be found in any emails received from BuyBackWorld.. Sell Your Blackberry Classic Non Camera Verizon. Sell Your Blackberry Classic Non Camera Verizon. What condition is your product in?. Does not power on or has. Normal signs of everyday use, but 100% Functional. Your item is used, but has very light signs of use. Brand New In Box SEALED and has never been used. Your device is in this condition if ANY of the following are true:. Broken or cracked LCD screen or glass. Missing buttons (power, home, ringer, volume). Broken or cracked hardware (charging ports, casing, etc.). Bad ESN / IMEI and is not clear for activation by a new user. Your device is in this condition if ANY of the following are true:. Does not power on or has signs of liquid damage. cracked LCD screen or glass Functional defects or issues (i.e. malfunctioning touch screen, defective mic or speaker, etc). buttons (power, home, ringer, volume, etc). Broken or cracked hardware (charging ports, casing, etc.). and is not clear for activation by a new user. Please Note : Any device found to be reported as. lost or stolen is not eligible for trade-in and will be immediately turned over to local law enforcement so it cannot be returned to you. Please Note : We do not accept any cell phone that is. missing critical components such as an LCD screen, digitizer, motherboard, or logic board. If your phone is found to be missing any of these. necessary parts, it will be recycled responsibly and no payment will be issued.. Your device is in this condition if ALL of the following are true:. is 100% functional with some cosmetic defects and normal signs of wear. Your device has no cracks or missing buttons (power, home, ringer, and/or volume) Clear. for activation by a new user Please Note : Any device found to be reported as. lost or stolen is not eligible for trade-in. Your device is in this condition if ALL of the following are true:. with some very minor cosmetic signs of wear. Your device has no cracks or defective /. missing buttons (power, home, ringer, and/or volume) Clear. for activation by a new user Please Note : Any device found to be reported as. lost or stolen is not eligible for trade-in. Your device is in this condition if ALL of the following are true:. Brand new in the original factory sealed box. All plastics must still be intact. Phone must never have been taken out of the box. Perfect display with no dust under the screen. No defects or cosmetic wear whatsoever Clear. for activation by a new user Please Note : Any device found to be reported as. lost or stolen is not eligible for trade-in. Why Should I Sell to BuyBackWorld?. We wipe all personal data from your device to Department of Defense standards so your security is never compromised and your privacy is ensured.. Praise by Forbes, The New York Times, PCWorld, and others has made BuyBackWorld one of the largest electronics buyback platforms online.. How To Unlock Your AT&T iPhone For FREE. Unlocking your AT&T iPhone 4, iPhone 4S, 5, 6 or 6 Plus is FAST, EASY and FREE!. All you need to do is follow the simple instructions below:. Visit the Official AT&T Request a Device Unlock Form. Fill in the appropriate information where indicated on the form.. Once the form is complete, click Submit - That's it!. Why are we paying more for unlocked iPhones?. An iPhone device which is locked to AT&T will only work domestically on the AT&T network. Unlocking the device allows your device to work on any network, which makes the device worth more, allowing us to pass that extra value on to you, our customers.. HOW DOES BUYBACKWORLD QUICK PAY™ WORK?. What is BuyBackWorld Quick Pay™ ?. BuyBackWorld Quick Pay™ is next day payment for your item through check or PayPal. This means your payment is processed the next business day after we receive your item Monday through Friday. Normal payment processing time is one week from when we receive your item so BuyBackWorld Quick Pay™ is basically expedited processing for your item to get you paid quicker.. PLEASE NOTE: If your item is received on a Friday, your payment will be processed on the following Monday.. Why do I get less money with BuyBackWorld Quick Pay™ ?. Since we expedite your order to be paid the next day, there are additional costs involved in processing your item. We understand this option is not for everyone, but rest assured whether you choose our traditional payment time or our expedited payment time, you are still receiving a great value for your old products either way. Think about it like paying an additional fee to receive expedited shipping when you purchase something online. Quicker shipping comes at an increased cost and so does quicker processing of your item.. How do I get paid with BuyBackWorld Quick Pay™ ?. You still get paid through your preferred payment method of check or PayPal when you choose BuyBackWorld Quick Pay™ , but we expedite the processing time of your item. Instead of issuing payment one week after we receive your item, payment is issued the next business day.. PLEASE NOTE : If you choose to be paid via check, it still might take anywhere from 3-10 business days to reach you once we mail it. Unfortunately, we cannot control USPS transit times, we can only make sure we process your payment on the next business day after your item is received.. THINGS TO KEEP IN MIND TO ENSURE A SPEEDY INSPECTION PROCESS. Choose Your Correct Model : Make sure you choose the correct model for your item. A wrong model will result in a Revised Offer and slow down your processing time.. Choose Your Correct Condition : Accurately describing the condition of your item will allow our QC Team to pass your item without sending you a Revised Offer. If your device has something wrong with it, we won’t be able to pay you the fully functioning price.. Remove Passcodes / Activation Locks : Please make sure your item is factory reset and is NOT password protected or linked to any of your accounts such as iCloud , Samsung Reactivation , or Android Activation Lock .. Clear for Activation : If you are sending in a mobile device such as a cellphone or tablet with a mobile connection, please make sure your device is clear for activation on your respective carrier. This means your account does not have any unpaid bills and your item is NOT reported lost or stolen.. If you have any additional questions, please do not hesitate to email us at [email. Sell Your Blackberry Classic Non Camera Verizon for Cash. You can quickly select your Blackberry Classic Non Camera Verizon using our search bar or step by step method so that you receive an accurate Instant Quote. Remember, our goal is to make selling your Blackberry Classic Non Camera Verizon the quickest, easiest way to sell and trade-in online. We provide free shipping on all orders, pay quickly and your Instant Quote Value is good for 30 days. BuyBackWorld.com buys your used, old, broken and unwanted Blackberry Classic Non Camera Verizon. To sell your Blackberry Classic Non Camera Verizon for cash, simply tell us a little more about your device above and then checkout to get paid.. Emails submitted to BuyBackWorld are subject to our Privacy Policy. © Copyright 2009-2018, Dreven Holdings Group Inc. All Rights Reserved All brands and Trademarks found on www.buybackworld.com are property of their respective owners.. BuyBackWorld.com respects and values your privacy. This Privacy Policy details how the BuyBackWorld.com website (hereinafter referred to as “BuyBackWorld”, “us” or “we”) treats the information that is gathered about you when you use or register on the BuyBackWorld website, www.BuyBackWorld.com (hereinafter referred to as the “Site”). By registering on BuyBackWorld.com, you expressly consent to the collection, use, disclosure and storage of such information as set forth in this Privacy Policy.. BuyBackWorld uses cookies solely for internal recordkeeping, external statistics about our users as a whole and aggregating data about the traffic on the Site. If you would prefer not to have cookies on your computer, you can block by selecting that option on your computer and/or internet browser. The Site gathers IP addresses from all visitors to the Site and may use this information in a variety of ways including, but not limited to, research purposes.. When you sign up on the Site to receive email announcements, send an email to BuyBackWorld and/or register as a member, BuyBackWorld may require that you provide certain personally identifiable information which may include, but is not necessarily limited to:. BuyBackWorld may also request other personally identifiable information, which you may choose whether or not to provide which is treated in the same manner as all other personally identifiable information under this privacy policy.. We do not knowingly collect any personally identifiable information from anyone under the age of 13 on the Site. If we are informed that personally identifiable information has been collected from a person under the age of 13, we will immediately remove the personally identifiable information that may have been inadvertently collected by BuyBackWorld.com. If a legal guardian of a minor under the age of 18 requests the removal of personally identifiable information collected from that minor, we will immediately remove said information.. BuyBackWorld will use the personally identifiable information that it collects about you to contact you in response to consumer-initiated inquiries, to provide the services to you that you request, to alert you to changes in services or features, and to provide you with requested information regarding BuyBackWorld or our services. You will also receive emails regarding special offers, updates, etc. if you have checked the box during your registration indicating that you would like to receive this information.. BuyBackWorld reserves the right to release current or past user information:. (a) In the event that we believe that the Site is being or has been used to commit unlawful acts;. (b Upon receipt of a properly authorized and authenticated governmental request for information;. (c) In response to a subpoena or a court order,. (d) To comply with relevant laws;. (e )In response to an investigation of fraud or other wrongdoing regarding a specific consumer;. (f) In an effort to safeguard the person or property of a BuyBackWorld employee or a third party; or. (g) If BuyBackWorld is sold or acquired.. Moreover, you hereby consent to disclosure of any record or communication to any third party when BuyBackWorld, in its sole discretion, determines the disclosure to be appropriate including, without limitation, sharing your e-mail address with other third parties for suppression purposes in compliance with the CAN-SPAM Act of 2003, as amended from time to time. If you no longer wish to receive emails from us which you have not specifically initiated, you may opt-out of receiving these communications by following the instructions contained in the applicable e-mail. BuyBackWorld processes all unsubscribe requests in a prompt fashion.. By using the Site and providing BuyBackWorld with data, you understand and agree that due to the international dimension of the Internet, BuyBackWorld may use the data collected in the course of our relationship as set forth in this Privacy Policy or in other communications with you, including the transmission of information outside your resident jurisdiction. In addition, you acknowledge that your personally identifiable information and other data may be stored on servers located in the United States or in other international locations. By providing us with your information, you consent to the transfer and storage of such information.. BuyBackWorld may direct you to third party websites. Those websites are not affiliated with BuyBackWorld and their privacy policies may differ from BuyBackWorld’s privacy policy. BuyBackWorld is in no way responsible for the privacy policies or treatment of information from third party websites and strongly encourages you to review the privacy policies of every website you visit to determine what information they collect and how such information is handled by that website.. We may use third-party advertising companies to serve ads when you visit our website. These companies may use information (not including your name, address, email address, or telephone number) about your visits to this and other websites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services of interest to you. If you would like more information about this practice and to know your choices about not having this information used by these companies.. We are serious about the security of your personal information. We limit access to your personally identifiable information to those individuals (i.e., our employees and agents) who we reasonably believe need to have access to that information to provide products or services to you or in order to do their jobs.. Your personally identifiable information is stored on our servers located in the United States. BuyBackWorld treats your data as an asset that must be protected and use many tools (encryption, passwords, physical security, etc.) to protect your personal information against unauthorized access and disclosure. Although BuyBackWorld does not release your personally identifiable information to the public and BuyBackWorld makes a reasonable good faith effort to store your personally identifiable information in a secure operating environment, we cannot guarantee 100% security of such information due to factors beyond our control.. If you have any questions about our privacy policy or wish to review, or revise the personally identifiable information that BuyBackWorld has collected about you, you may send a written request to:. BuyBackWorld may take reasonable steps to confirm your identity prior to supplying any personally identifiable information to you in order to prevent identity theft.. Acceptance of and Changes to this Privacy Policy:. By using BuyBackWorld, you hereby agree to this Privacy Policy in its entirety. BuyBackWorld reserves the right, in its sole discretion, to change, modify, add and/or remove portions of this Privacy Policy at any time.. All Privacy Policy changes will take effect immediately upon their posting on the Site. Please check this page ULR at http://www.buybackworld.com/privacy-policy periodically for any changes. Your continued use of the Site and/or failure to opt-out of emails sent to you following the posting of changes to this Privacy Policy constitutes your acceptance of any and all changes.. GET $10 OFF YOUR FIRST ORDER. BuyBackWorld is busy building the best online destination to purchase certified pre-owned iPhones, iPads, iPods and other smartphones along with discounted gift cards to your favorite stores.. Every order comes standard with FREE Shipping and a no questions asked 30 Day Return Policy.. Sign Up now to receive an email update once our site is officially live and we'll send you a FREE $10 OFF Promo Code to use on your first purchase!. The device is still "Active" on your account. The account associated with the device has an outstanding balance. The device has been reported as lost or stolen. The ESN (Electronic Serial Number) is a serial number unique to each and every CDMA phone. A CDMA phone typically does not have a SIM Card and is usually Verizon, Sprint, Virgin Mobile, Boost Mobile, Metro PCS, Cricket or Alltel.. An ESN may NOT be clear for activation by a new user for the following reasons:. An ESN can also be referred to as an MEID (Mobile Equipment Identifier). This number is tied to a carrier and helps record the activity and status of the device.. Prior to our inspection, we will check to ensure that the ESN has been deactivated. If the ESN is not clear for activation, we will notify you via email and hold the item for 5 days. We will ask you to contact your wireless service provider and clear any issues that are causing your item's ESN to be active so that we can pay you the full amount.. Unfortunately, if you are unable to clear your ESN for activation, we will consider your phone to be in "Poor" condition, since it is only worth its value in parts and cannot be activated by a new user.. Verizon phones can now be checked through their " Activate Phone or Device " page.. The IMEI (International Mobile Equipment Identity) number is a 15 digit serial number unique to each and every GSM phone. A GSM phone has a SIM Card and is usually AT&T or T-Mobile.. You will usually find it printed on a sticker on the back of your cell phone or on the SIM tray of most Apple iPhones.. Alternatively you can have your mobile display its IMEI number by typing the following on the keypad: *#06#. If your handset displays more than 15 digits or is separated by symbols, please enter the first 15 digits only.. Still need help? Email us at [email. Selling your item to BuyBackWorld is as easy as…. Type what you're selling into the search bar. Selecting your Item's brand and model. When you sell your devices, shipping is always FREE to BuyBackWorld. You can choose to print your own pre-paid label at home or we'll even send you a BuyBackWorld Shipping Kit directly to your front door. Once you've received our shipping kit or printed your own labels, simply pack your items up and bring them to your local Post Office or drop them in any blue mailbox. Your shipment is fully tracked at every step of the way and we'll let you know as soon as we receive it.. Shipping Kits for iPads, MacBooks and Larger Devices. Shipping Kits for Phones, MP3 Playes and Smaller Devices. The best part of selling your device is getting paid!. We offer the most options in the world - you can choose to be paid via check, PayPal, Direct Deposit, PrePaid Debit Card or a BuyBackWorld.com Gift Card which includes an extra 5% to spend in our store. This is your money so choose how you want to receive it.. We know time is money so we pay quick and issue payment within two business days of inspection. Once your device is received, we check that your order is complete and your items match the condition you described. If everything matches up, we make payment within two days of inspection.. Free shipping label and padded envelope. Free bubble wrap protection packs to keep your items safe. One you complete your online sales order, we'll send you a FREE shipping kit within 24 hours. The pack can take 3-5 business days to reach you.. One you complete your online sales order, we'll email you a FREE shipping label and Packing Slip. Simply print your labels, affix them to any box, and drop your package into any mailbox or bring it to your nearest Post Office.. The items you will need to print are:. 
Our new search experience requires JavaScript to be enabled. Please enable JavaScript on your browser , then try again .. All Categories Antiques Art Baby Books Business & Industrial Cameras & Photo Cell Phones & Accessories Clothing, Shoes & Accessories Coins & Paper Money Collectibles Computers/Tablets & Networking Consumer Electronics Crafts Dolls & Bears DVDs & Movies eBay Motors Entertainment Memorabilia Gift Cards & Coupons Health & Beauty Home & Garden Jewelry & Watches Music Musical Instruments & Gear Pet Supplies Pottery & Glass Real Estate Specialty Services Sporting Goods Sports Mem, Cards & Fan Shop Stamps Tickets & Experiences Toys & Hobbies Travel Video Games & Consoles Everything Else. Hi ( Sign in to bid or buy) Daily Deals Gift Cards Help & Contact Sell. Summary Recently Viewed Bids/Offers Watch List Purchase History Selling Saved Searches Saved Sellers Messages. blackberry no camera non camera phone blackberry 9780 blackberry 9000 no camera blackberry 9930 no camera phone google nexus one unlocked iphone. All Listings - Current page. results for blackberry non camera. Save blackberry non camera to get e-mail alerts and updates on your eBay Feed.. Unfollow blackberry non camera to stop getting updates on your eBay Feed.. You'll receive email and Feed alerts when new items arrive. Afghanistan - AFG Albania - ALB Algeria - DZA American Samoa - ASM Andorra - AND Angola - AGO Anguilla - AIA Antigua and Barbuda - ATG Argentina - ARG Armenia - ARM Aruba - ABW Australia - AUS Austria - AUT Azerbaijan Republic - AZE Bahamas - BHS Bahrain - BHR Bangladesh - BGD Barbados - BRB Belarus - BLR Belgium - BEL Belize - BLZ Benin - BEN Bermuda - BMU Bhutan - BTN Bolivia - BOL Bosnia and Herzegovina - BIH Botswana - BWA Brazil - BRA British Virgin Islands - VGB Brunei Darussalam - BRN Bulgaria - BGR Burkina Faso - BFA Burma - MMR Burundi - BDI Cambodia - KHM Cameroon - CMR Canada - CAN Cape Verde Islands - CPV Cayman Islands - CYM Central African Republic - CAF Chad - TCD Chile - CHL China - CHN Colombia - COL Comoros - COM Congo, Democratic Republic of the - COD Congo, Republic of the - COG Cook Islands - COK Costa Rica - CRI Cote d Ivoire (Ivory Coast) - CIV Croatia, Republic of - HRV Cyprus - CYP Czech Republic - CZE Denmark - DNK Djibouti - DJI Dominica - DMA Dominican Republic - DOM Ecuador - ECU Egypt - EGY El Salvador - SLV Equatorial Guinea - GNQ Eritrea - ERI Estonia - EST Ethiopia - ETH Falkland Islands (Islas Malvinas) - FLK Fiji - FJI Finland - FIN France - FRA French Guiana - GUF French Polynesia - PYF Gabon Republic - GAB Gambia - GMB Georgia - GEO Germany - DEU Ghana - GHA Gibraltar - GIB Greece - GRC Greenland - GRL Grenada - GRD Guadeloupe - GLP Guam - GUM Guatemala - GTM Guernsey - GGY Guinea - GIN Guinea-Bissau - GNB Guyana - GUY Haiti - HTI Honduras - HND Hong Kong - HKG Hungary - HUN Iceland - ISL India - IND Indonesia - IDN Ireland - IRL Israel - ISR Italy - ITA Jamaica - JAM Japan - JPN Jersey - JEY Jordan - JOR Kazakhstan - KAZ Kenya - KEN Kiribati - KIR Korea, South - KOR Kuwait - KWT Kyrgyzstan - KGZ Laos - LAO Latvia - LVA Lebanon - LBN Liechtenstein - LIE Lithuania - LTU Luxembourg - LUX Macau - MAC Macedonia - MKD Madagascar - MDG Malawi - MWI Malaysia - MYS Maldives - MDV Mali - MLI Malta - MLT Marshall Islands - MHL Martinique - MTQ Mauritania - MRT Mauritius - MUS Mayotte - MYT Mexico - MEX Micronesia - FSM Moldova - MDA Monaco - MCO Mongolia - MNG Montenegro - MNE Montserrat - MSR Morocco - MAR Mozambique - MOZ Namibia - NAM Nauru - NRU Nepal - NPL Netherlands - NLD Netherlands Antilles - ANT New Caledonia - NCL New Zealand - NZL Nicaragua - NIC Niger - NER Nigeria - NGA Niue - NIU Norway - NOR Oman - OMN Pakistan - PAK Palau - PLW Panama - PAN Papua New Guinea - PNG Paraguay - PRY Peru - PER Philippines - PHL Poland - POL Portugal - PRT Puerto Rico - PRI Qatar - QAT Reunion - REU Romania - ROU Russian Federation - RUS Rwanda - RWA Saint Helena - SHN Saint Kitts-Nevis - KNA Saint Lucia - LCA Saint Pierre and Miquelon - SPM Saint Vincent and the Grenadines - VCT San Marino - SMR Saudi Arabia - SAU Senegal - SEN Serbia - SRB Seychelles - SYC Sierra Leone - SLE Singapore - SGP Slovakia - SVK Slovenia - SVN Solomon Islands - SLB Somalia - SOM South Africa - ZAF Spain - ESP Sri Lanka - LKA Suriname - SUR Swaziland - SWZ Sweden - SWE Switzerland - CHE Taiwan - TWN Tajikistan - TJK Tanzania - TZA Thailand - THA Togo - TGO Tonga - TON Trinidad and Tobago - TTO Tunisia - TUN Turkey - TUR Turkmenistan - TKM Turks and Caicos Islands - TCA Tuvalu - TUV Uganda - UGA Ukraine - UKR United Arab Emirates - ARE United Kingdom - UK United States - USA Uruguay - URU Uzbekistan - UZB Vanuatu - VUT Vatican City State - VAT Venezuela - VEN Vietnam - VNM Virgin Islands (U.S) - VIR Wallis and Futuna - WLF Western Sahara - ESH Western Samoa - WSM Yemen - YEM Zambia - ZMB Zimbabwe - ZWE. Blackberry Cassic Non Camera Unlocked Mobile Phone *VGC*＋Warranty !. For BlackBerry Classic Q20, Classic Non Camera Gel TPU Silicone Case Cover Skin. BlackBerry Classic Non Camera [QTY: 1] 8GB Micro SD Memory Card Flash TF Storage. BlackBerry Classic Non Camera [QTY: 1] 8GB Micro SD Memory Card Flash TF Storage. BlackBerry Classic Non Camera [QTY: 1] 8GB Micro SD Memory Card Flash TF Storage. For BlackBerry Classic Q20, Classic Non Camera,Black TPU Gel Case Cover Skin. BlackBerry Classic Non Camera [QTY: 1] 8GB Micro SD Memory Card Flash TF Storage. BlackBerry Classic Non Camera [QTY: 1] 8GB Micro SD Memory Card Flash TF Storage. BlackBerry Classic Non Camera 8GB microSD High Capacity (microSDHC) Card - U169. 4 new & refurbished from $20.09. BlackBerry Classic Non Camera Micro SD Card Reader USB Adapter Up to 32GB U17E. 2 new & refurbished from $5.59. BlackBerry Classic Non Camera 128GB Micro SDXC up to 48MB/s with Adapter U150. BlackBerry Classic Non Camera 32GB Micro SD Memory Card SDHC Ultra Class 1 U104. 2 new & refurbished from $36.39. BlackBerry Classic Non Camera 32GB Micro SD Memory Card Ultra Class 10 SDH U1AC. 2 new & refurbished from $32.69. BlackBerry Classic Non Camera Sony 8GB Class 10 Micro SDHC R40 Memory Card U1F1. BlackBerry Classic Non Camera Kingston Digital Multi-Kit/Mobi lity Kit 8 GB U194. 2 new & refurbished from $19.89. BlackBerry Classic Non Camera 8GB Micro SD Memory Card Flash TF Storage Ca U1E5. 4 new & refurbished from $20.89. BlackBerry Classic Non Camera Ultra 8GB UHI-I/Class 10 Micro SDHC Memory C U1BA. 2 new & refurbished from $17.19. BlackBerry Classic Non Camera Card Reader HM-LM180D01-Z- 19 Micro SD Card R U1A7. Unicorn Belt Clip Holster Bag Hook Loop Pouch PU Leather Case For BlackBerry. Soft Elastic Neoprene Shock Absorbing Sleeve Pouch Case Cover For BlackBerry. TPU Gel Case Cover Skin For BlackBerry Classic Q20, Classic Non Camera. For BlackBerry Classic Q20, Classic Non Camera TPU Gel Case Cover Skin. Business Style Mens Waist Bag Pouch Belt Hook Loop Bags For BlackBerry Phone Bag. For Apple iPhone:Genuine Blackberry Stereo Handsfree Headset/Headph ones Earphone. New 3D Unicorn PU Leather Phone Bag Belt Loop Hook Case Pouch For BlackBerry. Deco Wristlet Wallet PVC Case w/ Free Hand Strap for Acer, Archos, Blu, Celkon. Multi Colored Premium Organized Tablet Sleeve Case w/ Extra Pocket -9.1" Device. Pocket Cell phone Carry Case Waterproof Bag Shockproof Cover for BlackBerry. 32GB micro SD (Class 10) Flash Memory Card High Speed for Cell Phone Smartphone. BLACKBERRY Classic Non Camera BRAND NEW Premium HOME Charger adapter + USB Cable. Sports Gym Fitness Armband Case & Handsfree For BlackBerry Classic Non Camera. 5 NON CAMERA BlackBerry Bold 9900 - 8GB -Black (AT&T) 3/4G,TOUCH SCREEN,WIFI,GP S. Waterproof Protection Wallet Carry Case Bag Cover for BlackBerry Cell Phone. Used Blackberry Classic Non-Camera 16GB Unlocked Verizon Phone includes extras. 7 new & refurbished from $119.55. New Leather Stand Flip Wallet Cover Case For Various BlackBerry Models + Strap. Black Flip Cover Stand Wallet Leather Case For Various BlackBerry SmartPhones. Micro USB Charging Data Sync Charger Cable For BlackBerry Classic Non Camera. 1M 3.5mm Jack Aux Cable Audio Lead Car Phone For BlackBerry Classic Non Camera. Leather Wallet Stand Magnetic Flip Case Cover For Various BlackBerry SmartPhones. BlackBerry Classic Non Camera 8GB microSD High Capacity (microSDHC) Card - U10D. 4 new & refurbished from $20.09. BlackBerry Classic Non Camera Kingston Digital Multi-Kit/Mobi lity Kit 8 GB U1B2. 2 new & refurbished from $19.89. BlackBerry Classic Non Camera 32GB Micro SD Memory Card SDHC Ultra Class 1 U1F5. 2 new & refurbished from $36.39. BlackBerry Classic Non Camera 32GB Micro SD Memory Card Ultra Class 10 SDH U1AB. 2 new & refurbished from $32.69. BlackBerry Classic Non Camera 8GB Micro SD Memory Card Flash TF Storage Ca U195. 4 new & refurbished from $20.89. BlackBerry Classic Non Camera Ultra 8GB UHI-I/Class 10 Micro SDHC Memory C U1AE. 2 new & refurbished from $17.19. BlackBerry Classic Non Camera Micro SD Card Reader USB Adapter Up to 32GB U1F8. 2 new & refurbished from $5.59. Genuine Blackberry Stereo Handsfree Headset/Headph ones Sound Isolating Earphones. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. eBay determines this price through a machine learned model of the product's sale prices within the last 90 days.. eBay determines trending price through a machine learned model of the product’s sale prices within the last 90 days. "New" refers to a brand-new, unused, unopened, undamaged item, and "Used" refers to an item that has been used previously.. Top Rated Plus Sellers with highest buyer ratings Returns, money back Ships in a business day with tracking Learn More. Top Rated Plus Sellers with highest buyer ratings Returns, money back Ships in a business day with tracking Learn More. Cell Phones, Smart Watches & Accessories. Cell Phone Cases, Covers & Skins. $ Enter minimum price to $ Enter maximum price. Please enter a minimum and/or maximum price before continuing.. Site Map Copyright © 1995-2018 eBay Inc. Accessibility , User Agreement , Privacy , Cookies and AdChoice Norton Secured - powered by Verisign. Amounts shown in italicized text are for items listed in currency other than U.S. dollars and are approximate conversions to U.S. dollars based upon Bloomberg's conversion rates. For more recent exchange rates, please use the Universal Currency Converter. Number of bids and bid amounts may be slightly out of date. See each listing for international shipping options and costs.. 
Find latest Reviews, ratings, Unboxing, Mobile phone launches, Cameras, gadgets, technology news updates. Compare popular Android, iphone, tablets, gadgets, tech and know prices, specifications, features, pros, cons, reviews.. Home Review and Unboxing Products Specs Mobile Phones Compare Mobiles Cameras Android Computer Telecom Check find Fix Errors Tutorial Tips & Tricks Best Top Build Pc Definition. Search for reviews, tech news, gadgets, tutorials, mobiles phones, how to, check find, Tips, Tricks. Home Blackberry Mobiles Specifications Blackberry Classic Non Camera. BlackBerry Classic Non Camera fb g+ Tweet Linked-in Comments. BUY NOW About Full name BlackBerry Classic Non Camera Manufacturer BlackBerry Model Classic Non Camera Type Smartphone Price in India RS.27499 Launch Release Date March, 2015. BlackBerry Classic Non Camera Specifications 3.5-inch display, at 290 ppi / dpi (pixels per inch) 1.5GHz 2-core processor 2GB RAM 16GB internal memory 0 Megapixel main camera 2500 -mAh battery BlackBerry 10.3.1. BlackBerry Classic Non Camera Price Full technical specifications pros cons info, key features, VS, Root, Hard reset, screenshots, user manual drivers, Buying price, product detail - Know Review Tips. Model : Classic Non Camera Smartphone Released on March, 2015.. Price Price in India 27499 INR Price in USA (USD) $ 416 in UK £ 269 GBP MRP in Canadian Dollar 549 CAD in Australia 585 AUD in EURO 371 EUR BUY FROM BlackBerry Classic Non Camera Features Network Technology GSM/ CDMA/ HSPA/ EVDO/ LTE Frequency Bands GSM 850 / 900 / 1800 / 1900; WCDMA 900 / 2100; CDMA2000 1xEV-DO ; LTE band 4(1700/2100), 13(700) Speed 4G GPRS Yes, Class 12 EDGE Yes Karbonn A15+ launched for INR 5890, powered by 1.3GHz dual core LeEco Le Pro 3 X720 Body Dimensions 131 x 72.4 x 10.2 mm Weight 178 grams SIM Nano-SIM Display Type Capacitive Size 3.5 inches Resolution 720 x 720 pixels Touch Yes Protection Corning Gorilla Glass 3 Platform OS BlackBerry Soft Version 10.3.1 Chipset CPU Dual-core 1.5 GHz Krait GPU Memory Expandable up to 128GB Internal / ROM 16GB RAM 2GB Camera Rear Camera No Features No Video Recording No Front Camera No Sound / Video Fm Radio Yes Loudspeaker Yes 3.5mm jack Yes Video playback Full HD Connectivity WLAN Wi-Fi 802.11 a/ b/g/n Bluetooth v4.0, A2DP GPS Yes, with A-GPS USB microUSB v2.0 USB OTG na Other NFC Sensors Sensors Accelerometer, gyro, proximity, compass SAR Battery Battery Non-removable Li-Ion 2500 mAh Stand-by Up to 384h (3G) Talk time Up to 22h (3G) Colors Colors Black Accessories in the Box Wall Adapter, USB Data cable, Earphones, Warrant Card, User Manual, Documentation Pros and Cons Advantages Ram, Connectivity, Display Disadvantages Camera, Main Rivals VS Blackberry Passport, HTC One M8, Nexus 6, Meizu MX5, Sony Xperia Z5, Asus ZenFone 2 Laser ZE550KL / ZE500KL, HTC One M9, Nexus 5, BlackBerry Z30, HTC Desire Eye, Motorola Moto X Play 2015 , Sony Xperia Z3, Apple iPhone 5s, Samsung Galaxy Grand Prime 4G SM-G531, Moto X 2nd gen, Lenovo K3 Note, Gionee Elife E8, Blackberry Passport, ZTE Nubia Z9, Samsung Galaxy S4, Sony Xperia Z3, Xiaomi Redmi Note 2 Prime, iBerry Auxus Prime P8000, Lenovo K3 Note, Nokia Lumia 1520, ZTE Zmax, Asus Zenfone 2, ZTE Axon Pro, SM Galaxy S6 Edge+, LG G4 , Note 4, Meizu M2, Note 5 Edge, Samsung Galaxy S5, HTC Desire 826, Droid Maxx, Galaxy Note 5, Moto X Style, Samsung Galaxy S6 Edge, Oppo Find 7, Asus Zenfone 2 ZE551ML, OnePlus One, Note 4, Axon Lux, Apple iPhone 6 Plus, Xiaomi Mi4, Huawei Honor 6 Plus,BB Q10, Oneplus 2, LG G3. BlackBerry Classic Non Camera MRP in INR / dollars / Prijs Prix preço цена rega: Republic of the, Congo, Netherlands Antilles, Latvia, Saint Vincent and the Grenadines, Micronesia, Maldives, Uganda, Mauritania, Guatemala, Cyprus, Somalia, South, Liechtenstein, Honduras, Philippines, Papua New-Guinea, New Zealand, Mongolia, Lesotho, Bahamas, Senegal, Bulgaria, Curacao, Slovenia, Canada, Sudan, Rwanda, Kazakhstan, Tajikistan, Djibouti, Tanzania, Belize, Iceland, Turkey, United Arab Emirates, Dominican Republic, Madagascar, precio Spain, Burundi, Chad, Guinea-Bissau, Aruba, Gabon, Guinea, Uzbekistan, Sri Lanka, Fiji, Ghana, Cuba, Costa Rica, Kosovo, Israel, Saudi Arabia, Portugal, Morocco, Korea, Japan, Hungary, El Salvador, Preis Germany, Trinidad and Tobago, Central African Republic, Saint Kitts and Nevis, Belgium, North Korea, Azerbaijan, Tonga, Yemen, Iraq, Comoros, Oman, Lebanon, Nigeria, Cape Verde, Laos, Poland, cena Czech Republic, The Georgia, Ukraine, Estonia, San Marino, Suriname, Zambia, Harga in Indonesia, Australia, Thailand, Austria, Bangladesh, Venezuela, Malaysia, Andorra, Eritrea, Grenada, Norway, prezzo in Italy, Peru, Nepal, Liberia, Armenia, Finland, Colombia, Palestinian Territories, Qatar, Palau, Saint Lucia, Paraguay, South Korea, Nauru, Antigua and Barbuda, Haiti, Equatorial Guinea, Moldova, Togo, Mali, Pakistan, Syria, Russia, Namibia, Belarus, South Africa, Hong Kong, South Sudan, Jamaica, Malawi, Chile, Barbados, Taiwan, Dominica, Egypt, Sint Maarten, Korea, Panama, Iran, Botswana, Guyana, Monaco, North, The Bahrain, Timor-Leste, Tuvalu, Ethiopia, Vanuatu, Nicaragua, United Kingdom, Angola, Burma, Mauritius, Serbia, Argentina, Romania, Congo, Slovakia, France, Singapore, Bolivia, Niger, Uruguay, Brunei, Lithuania, Gambia, Sao Tome and Principe, Jordan, Seychelles, Malta, Sierra Leone, Holy See, Vietnam, India, Macedonia, Luxembourg, Croatia, Bosnia and Herzegovina, Marshall Islands, Netherlands, Ireland, Democratic Republic of the, Burkina Faso, Greece, Kiribati, Ecuador, Algeria, Mexico, Macau, Kuwait, Solomon Islands, Switzerland, China, Denmark, Cambodia, Brazil, Swaziland, East Timor (see Timor-Leste), Benin,Chennai Delhi Bangalore Kolkata Hyderabad UP Pune Mumbai Albania, Cameroon, Tunisia, Samoa, Sweden, Cote d-Ivoire, Libya, Turkmenistan, Kyrgyzstan, Mozambique, Kenya, Montenegro, Bhutan and Zimbabwe. Related Articles Sony Xperia E3 D2203 BQ Aquaris M4.5 BLU Studio M HD S110U Micromax Canvas Tab P650. How to take Screenshot in BlackBerry Classic Non Camera photos, images phone, Unlock for free via Hard reset Factory reset, root. Buy Classic Non Camera cases, Flip covers, tempered glass screen protector from sale and check pictures, latest offers updates available for lowest price best buy online top internet deals, discount cashback from Amazon India, Snapdeal, USA, Tesco Ebay, BestBuy, Argos, Walmart, Kogan, Amazon UK , Staples, flipkart, Shopclues, Aliexpress, Alibaba, Overstock, Newegg, JB Hi-Fi, etc. Drivers and Guide or Instruction / User Manual. Know APN NET settings details for 2G / 4G / 3G / GPRS, know complete technical specifications and contract mobile phone plans. Solve fix cellphones errors stuck on logo, slow running, lag issues, crashing, tech Tips to make it run faster (speed optimization).. CATEGORIES BlackBerry Mobiles Specifications. TAGS 4G BlackBerry BlackBerry Classic Dual core. BlackBerry Leap BlackBerry Passport BlackBerry Priv BlackBerry DTEK50 Neon BlackBerry Porsche Design P’9983 Asus Zenfone Go 5 LTE T500 Wiko Ridge M539 Oppo R7s. Post Your Opinion Cancel reply. Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *. Notify me of follow-up comments by email.. Notify me of new posts by email.. BlackBerry Porsche Design P’9983 Gionee Elife S5.1 Pro. Apple Samsung Alcatel Asus BLU BQ Celkon Coolpad Gionee HTC Huawei iBall InFocus Intex Karbonn Lava Lenovo LG Meizu Micromax Microsoft Motorola MyPHONE Nokia Oneplus Oppo Panasonic SONY Spice Videocon Wickedleak Xiaomi Xolo YU Zopo ZTE. Xiaomi Redmi Note 5 Pro Xiaomi Mi Note 3 Xiaomi Mi Mix 2 Huawei Honor 7X BND-L21. BlitzWolf BW-F4 xBass Bluetooth Speaker Review and unboxing. Twitter Facebook YouTube Google + plus. Samsung Galaxy J1 Ace SM-J110H/DD YU Yunique YU4711 Samsung Galaxy J7 SM-J700F Samsung Galaxy J5 SM-J500F Micromax Canvas 5 E481. TOP BEST ANDROID Phone with 4G LTE under 5000 RS / $100 USD Best Android Phones Under 15000 RS / $250 USD Best Android Phones with 3G RAM Under RS 15000 / $250 Best Android Phones under 25000 RS or $400 USD. How to Switch / Change 2G to 3G 4G LTE only Network mode in Android Phone How to Configure Internet APN Settings on any Android phone How to Remove or Add Google Gmail Account on Android Phone How to Clear App Data, Cache, Defaults and Force stop in Android phone. Copyright © 2013 - 2018 KnowReviewTip.com is a Property of MSEOZ .. ALL rights reserved | Know Review Tips About | Advertise | Contact | Privacy Policy and Disclaimer. Share on facebook status Share on Google Plus Share as Tweet Share on Linkedin Business profile. 
Phone and Gadgets Price in Africa. Price in Local Stores and Online. CPU : Dual-core 1.5 GHz Krait. OS : BlackBerry OS 10.3.1. BlackBerry Classic Non Camera in Ghana is selling at around Ghc1,300–Ghc1,500. BlackBerry Classic Non Camera in Nigeria is selling at around ₦72,000– ₦74,000. is selling at around Ksh36,000– Ksh38,000. Facebook Google+ StumbleUpon Twitter Email Print. Share the post "BlackBerry Classic Non Camera". BlackBerry Classic Non Camera - Price in Local Stores and Online. BlackBerry Classic Non Camera - Specs. 131 x 72.4 x 10.2 mm. GSM 850 / 900 / 1800 / 1900. HSDPA 850 / 900 / 1900 / 2100. SIM (Subscriber Identity Module) is a small card that contains mobile network subscriber's account information. This allows the phone using the card to attach to a mobile network. The SIM card is most commonly associated with GSM and UMTS mobile networks. Moving a SIM card from one phone to another allows a subscriber to switch mobile phones without having to contact their mobile network carrier. SIM cards can also be used by a phone to store limited amounts of data, such as phone numbers and text messages.. Display Technology => A number of display technologies and types used in mobile phones => TFT (Thin Film Transistor), IPS (In-Place Switching), OLED (Organic Light Emitting Diode), AMOLED (Active-Matrix Organic Light-Emitting Diode), Super AMOLED (an even advanced version of AMOLED), Resistive Touchscreen (Resistive touchscreens contain two layer of conductive material with a very small gap between them which acts as a resistance), Capacitive Touchsceen (Capacitive touchscreen technology consists of a layer of glass coated with a transparent conductor). Display Colors is refers to the number of different shades of colors that the screen is capable of displaying => 64K colors, 256K colors and 16 million colors, Obviously 16M is highest available range of colors and better than others.. Pixel Density (PPI) is refers to the concentration of pixels on a particular display, measured in pixels per inch (ppi). Pixel density is calculated by dividing the diagonal pixel resolution of a display by its diagonal size, higher pixel density better display quality.. Display Protection => Gorilla Glass is a special alkali-aluminosilicate glass shield with exceptional damage resistance that helps protect mobile displays from scratches, drops, and bumps of everyday use, It is always better to go for a smartphone with Gorilla Glass for that added protection and peace of mind.. OS => Every computer system run on a base software called Operating System (OS). Operating System controls all basic operations of the computer (such as smartphone, PDAs, tablet computers and other handheld devices). The Operating System allows the user to install and run third party applications (apps), apps are used to add new functionality to the device.. Java for Mobile Devices is a set of technologies that let developers deliver applications and services to all types of mobile handsets, ranging from price efficient feature-phones to the latest smartphones. Java is currently running on over 3 billion phones worldwide, and growing. It offers unrivaled potential for the distribution and monetization of mobile applications.. Facebook is a popular free social networking website that allows registered users to create profiles, upload photos and video, send messages and keep in touch with friends, family and colleagues. The site is available in 37 different languages.. Youtube is a popular free video-sharing website, Youtube is the largest video sharing site in the world, Millions of users around the world have created accounts on the site that allow them to upload videos that anyone can watch.. CPU (Central Processing Unit) mostly known as processors, CPU processes instructions in order to carry out certain functions that make your device operate properly. Processors are often described as the brain of computers, smartphones and tablets, Smartphones and tablets rely on processors to carry out their every task, Processors are an incredibly important factor in selecting any type of computing device, including your smartphone.. RAM (Random Access Memory) is a type of computer memory that can be accessed randomly, any byte of memory can be accessed without touching the preceding bytes that allows information to be stored and accessed quickly from random locations. RAM is the most common type of memory found in computer systems, smartphones, tablets and other electronic devices.. Internal Storage is a data storage space (flash memory) mostly used in smartphones, tablets and other electronic devices where operating system, apps, music, photos, videos, files and other user data Is stored.. Memory Card Slot is a special slot for inserting a memory card. Memory cards allow you to expand the phone's built-in memory, A memory card (sometimes called a flash memory card or a storage card) is a small storage medium used to store data such as text, pictures, audio, and video, for use on small, portable or remote computing devices such as mobile phones, mp3 players, digital cameras.. Sensors are electronic components that detects and responds to some type of input from the physical environment. The specific input could be light, heat, motion, moisture, pressure and location, The output is generally a signal that is converted to use in computing systems, a location sensor, such as a GPS receiver is able to detect current location of your electronic device.. Bluetooth is a wireless communications technology for exchanging data between mobile phones, headsets, computers and other network devices over short distances without wires, Bluetooth technology was primarily designed to support simple wireless networking of personal consumer devices.. Infrared connectivity is an old wireless technology used to connect two electronic devices. It uses a beam of infrared light to transmit information and so requires direct line of sight and operates only at close range.. Wi-Fi is a popular wireless networking technology using radio waves to provide high-speed network connections that allows devices to communicate without cords or cables, Wi-Fi is increasingly becoming the preferred mode of internet connectivity all over the world.. GPS The Global Positioning System is a satellite-based radio navigation system, GPS permits users to determine their position, velocity and the time 24 hours a day, in all weather, anywhere in the world, In order to locate your position, your device or GPS receiver must have a clear view of the sky.. NFC (Near field communication) is a set of standards for smartphones and similar devices to establish peer-to-peer radio communications with each other by touching them together or bringing them into proximity, usually no more than a few inches.. HDMI (High-Definition Multimedia Interface) is a compact audio/video interface for transferring uncompressed video data and compressed or uncompressed digital audio data from a HDMI-compliant source device to a compatible computer monitor, video projector, digital television, or digital audio device.. GPRS (General Packet Radio Service) is a packet oriented mobile data service on the 2G and 3G cellular communication system's global system for mobile communications (GSM), Generally, GPRS is used for the purpose of wireless data transfer, such as sharing pictures and videos or browsing the Internet via a mobile phone connection.. EDGE (Enhanced Data GSM Environment) is a wireless network technology generally considered the next step in the 2G network offers data transfer rates up to four times faster than ordinary GSM networks, Generally, EDGE is used for the purpose of wireless data transfer, such as sharing pictures and videos or browsing the Internet via a mobile phone connection.. HSPA 42.2/5.76 Mbps, LTE Cat4 150/50 Mbps, EV-DO Rev.A 3.1 Mbps. Web Browser => a web browser is a software application used to locate, retrieve and display content on the World Wide Web, including Web pages, images, video and other files, The primary function of a web browser is to render HTML, the code used to design or markup webpages.. SMS (Short Messaging Service) is a text messaging service component of phone, Web, or mobile communication systems. It uses standardized communications protocols to allow mobile phone devices to exchange short text messages over the networks.. MMS (Multimedia Messaging Service) is a standard way to send messages that include multimedia content (audio clips, video clips and images) to and from mobile phones over wireless networks using the WAP protocol.. Email (Electronic Mail) is a system for receiving, sending, and storing electronic messages, Similar to a letter, email is text messages that may contain files, images, or other attachments sent via the internet to a recipient by using applications and software prograps. An email address is required to receive email, and that address is unique to the user.. IM (Instant Messaging) is an exchange of text messages through a software application, it enable you to create a kind of private chat room with another individual in order to communicate in real time over the Internet.. Battery Type => Cell phones run on various kinds of batteries depending on the manufacturer, phone size or shape and features. There are basically four types of cell phone batteries => Lithium Polymer, Lithium Ion, Nickel Metal Hydride and Nickel Cadmium.. Battery Capacity is a measure (typically in Amp-hr) of the charge stored by the battery, and is determined by the mass of active material contained in the battery. The battery capacity represents the maximum amount of energy that can be extracted from the battery under certain conditions.. Standby Time is the total amount of time that you can leave your is fully charged, turned on and ready to send and receive calls or data transmissions before completely discharging the battery.. Talk Time is the longest time that a single battery charge will last when you are constantly talking on the phone under perfect conditions, Ambient temperature and highly dependent on the cellular network environment such as the distance to the closest cell network tower.. TECNO Mobile set to unveil the Camon CX in Nairobi Kenya on March 23 After 3 Months Of Use, Here’s How A Jet Black iPhone Without Case Looks Like Busy 4G Rolls Out New, Exciting Offer for the New Year Nokia 6 Pure Android Smartphone Launched Samsung Galaxy S8 Is Rumored To Have A Feature You’ll Never See On iPhone MTN And Tigo Lead New Mobile Data Subscriptions in Ghana Happy New Year! Here are 5 Benefits of Rooting Your Android Phone Tigo outdoors “itel and Fero” Smartphones with Free WhatsApp and Youtube You Can Now Borrow Airtime Data From Glo and Pay Later Hello Nigeria, Kudi App is Your Financial ChatBot. Online and Offline Gadgets/Electronics Shopping in AFRICA. At ePriceAfrica.com , we help you decide "What to Buy" & "Where to Buy". Visit us regularly to get latest mobile phone, tablets, laptops, cameras, smart watches price in Ghana, Nigeria, Kenya and other african countries.. About Us | Brands | Find and Compare | Privacy Policy | Terms and Condition | Contact Us. 2018 - ePriceAfrica | Founded by OLAMOSH | OLAMOSH Web Services. 
All Smart Gadgets and VR Headsets are Here. Blog Brands Apple iPhone iPhone X iPhone 8 Plus iPhone 8 iPhone 7 Plus iPhone 7 IPhone SE iPhone 6S Plus iPhone 6S iPhone 6 Plus iPhone 6 iPhone 5S iPhone 5C iPhone 5 iPhone 4S iPhone 4 iPhone 3GS iPhone 3G iPhone 1st generation iPad iPad Pro 10.5 iPad Pro 12.9 iPad 9.7 iPad Pro 9.7 iPad Pro iPad Mini 4 iPad Air 2 iPad Mini 3 iPad Air iPad Mini 2 iPad Mini iPad 4th generation iPad 3rd generation iPad 2nd generation iPad 1st generation iPod Touch 6th generation 5th generation 4th generation 3rd generation 2nd generation 1st generation Apple Watch Watch Nike+ Series 3 Watch Edition Series 3 Watch Series 3 Watch Nike+ Watch Edition Series 2 Watch Series 2 Watch Series 1 Watch Sport Watch Edition Watch Samsung Smartphones 2018 2017 2016 2015 2014 Other years Tablets Watches Fitness Wristband Samsung VR/AR Headsets Asus Smartphones 2017 2016 2015 Tablets Watches Asus VR Headsets Acer Smartphones 2016 2015 Tablets Acer VR Headsets Amazon Tablets Google Smartphones Pixel 2 XL Pixel 2 Pixel XL Pixel Tablets Pixel C Nexus Smartphones Nexus Tablets Google VR Headsets BlackBerry Smartphones Motion Aurora Keyone DTEK60 DTEK50 Priv Leap Classic Non Camera Porsche Design P’9983 Passport Classic Porsche Design P’9982 Z30 9720 Tablets HTC Smartphones 2018 2017 2016 2015 Other years Tablets HTC VR Headsets LG Smartphones 2018 2017 2016 2015 Other years Tablets Watches LG VR Headsets Huawei Smartphones 2017 2016 2015 Tablets Watches Huawei VR Headsets Lenovo Smartphones 2017 2016 2015 Tablets Lenovo VR/AR Headsets Meizu Smartphones 2018 2017 2016 2015 2014 Other years Microsoft Smartphones 2016 2015 Surface Tablets Microsoft MR Headsets Motorola Smartphones 2017 2016 2015 2014 Watches Nokia Smartphones Sharp Smartphones Sony Smartphones 2018 2017 2016 2015 Tablets Watches Sony VR Headsets OnePlus Smartphones OnePlus 5T OnePlus 5 OnePlus 3T OnePlus 3 OnePlus X OnePlus 2 OnePlus One OnePlus 3 Oppo Smartphones 2018 2017 2016 2015 Xiaomi Smartphones 2018 2017 2016 2015 2014 Tablets Fitness Wristband Xiaomi VR Headsets ZTE Smartphones 2018 2017 2016 2015 Tablets Watches ZTE VR Headsets Other brands Cat Essential Kodak Kyocera Land Rover Marshall Panasonic Razer Yota Phone Screens by Type IGZO A-SI AMOLED OLED IPS LCD IPS LCD TFT Other by Size Less than 3.0 From 5.0 to 6.0 From 3.0 to 4.0 6.0 or more From 4.0 to 5.0 Tablet Screens by Type IPS LCD IPS LCD TFT by Size From 7.0 to 8.0 From 8.0 to 9.0 From 9.0 to 10.0 From 10.0 to 11.0 From 12.0 to 13.0 From 13.0 to 14.0 14.0 or more Watch Screens by Type AMOLED IPS LCD OLED P-OLED Super AMOLED TFT VR/AR Headsets Brands Acer Asus Canon Carl Zeiss Dell Google HP HTC Intel Lenovo LG Magic Leap Microsoft Panasonic Razer Samsung Sony Starbreeze Oculus Qualcomm Vuzix Other brands AR Headsets MR Headsets VR Headsets Tethered Self-contained Smartphone Headsets Smart Glasses Game field VR Virtual Mobile Theater. ← BlackBerry Porsche Design P9983 Screen Specifications BlackBerry Leap Screen Specifications →. BlackBerry Classic Non Camera Screen Specifications. January 13, 2016 December 14, 2017 Alice Lang 0 Comments BlackBerry , BlackBerry Classic , BlackBerry Classic Non Camera , Classic , Classic Non Camera. BlackBerry Classic Non Camera screen detailed specifications*. Below a list of detailed specifications of BlackBerry Classic Non Camera screen: Type IPS LCD Number of colors 16,777,216-color Diagonal Size (inches) 3.5 inches (41.7% screen-to-body ratio) Size (mm/in) D (89 mm), H (63 mm), W (63 mm) Aspect ratio 1:1 Pixels Per Inch (PPI) 294 Color depth 24 – bit Resolution. 720 × 720 px Contrast ratio n/a Pixel size. n/a Backlight type LED Luminance n/a Multitouch Yes Protection Corning Gorilla Glass 3 Other features of the BlackBerry Classic Non Camera: Photos & Media of BlackBerry Classic Non Camera You might like it:. BlackBerry Classic Here you can take a look at all. products Also, you can check and compare all BlackBerry smartphones Here. The BlackBerry Classic Non Camera screen has a 3.5-inch size with resolution 720 × 720 px. The Aspect ratio of a screen is 1:1. The pixel density is equal to 294 pixels per inch (PPI). screen based on IPS LCD technology and able to reproduce 16,777,216 colors with the color of depth – 24 bits. The screen is covered by Corning Gorilla Glass 3 protection glass.. H (2.5 in), W (2.5 in). – CPU Dual-core 1.5 GHz Krait – OS BlackBerry OS 10.3.1. Internal 16 GB – Expandable microSD, up to 256 GB – RAM 2GB. – Non-removable Li-Ion 2500 mAh battery – Standby Up to 384 h (3G) – Talk time Up to 22 h (3G). – Dimensions 131 x 72.4 x 10.2 mm (5.16 x 2.85 x 0.40 in) – Weight 178 g (6.28 oz) – Keyboard. On this page used media resources of. SizeScreens.com can not guarantee that all screen tech specs of this device are 100% correct. All information is provided for reference only.. Language Select Language العربية 繁體中文 Nederlands English Français Deutsch हिन्दी Italiano 日本語 한국어 Português Русский Español ไทย Türkçe Latest Samsung Galaxy S9+ Screen Specifications February 25, 2018 Samsung Galaxy S9 Screen Specifications February 25, 2018 Nokia 1 Screen Specifications February 25, 2018 Cat S61 Screen Specifications February 24, 2018 LG K10 2018 Screen Specifications February 24, 2018 LG K8 2018 Screen Specifications February 24, 2018 Land Rover Explore Screen Specifications February 24, 2018 ZTE Tempo Go Screen Specifications February 24, 2018 Qualcomm Snapdragon 845 VR Specifications February 23, 2018 Xiaomi Redmi Note 5 Pro Screen Specifications February 14, 2018. SizeScreens will help you find the detailed specification of smartphone screens, VR headsets, tablets, and smartwatches. For any inquiries, please Contact Us Privacy Policy Learn More. 
Home Brands Top List Feature List Contact Compare Phones. SORT RESULTS BY DATE NAME PRICE. BlackBerry Classic Non Camera Dimension 131x72.4x10.2mm (5.16x2.85x0.4") Weight 178gr (6.28oz) Form Factor Candy Bar Material Colors Metal Frame Display Resolution 720x720px Display Size 63x63mm (2.48x2.48") ~291PPI Display Diagonal 3.5" Display Type 16M TFT Secondary Display Resolution Input QWERTY Keyboard Capacitive Touchscreen Talk Time 22 hours Standby Time 16 days OS BlackBerry OS Java MIDP 2.1 Vibration Available Ringtone Chipset Qualcomm MSM8960 Snapdragon S4 Processor 2 Cores @ 1.5GHz Qualcomm Krait GPU Adreno 225 Ram 2GB Internal Memory 16GB External Memory microSD Camera Resolution Camera Flash Camera Lens Optical Zoom Front Camera Second Front Camera Front Camera Flash Other Functionalities Digital Compass Accelerometer Gesture Control Light Sensor Proximity Sensor Speaker Mono Battery Capacity 2500mAh Battery Type Non-removable Battery WIMAX WiFi Wi-Fi 802.11 a/b/g/n UPnP NFC NFC USB v2.0 Bluetooth v4.0 Positioning System Integrated GPS TV Receiver TV Out Slim Port Audio Output 3.5mm Jack Radio FM Ethernet Infrared Network Compatibility GSM 1800, 1900, 850, 900 UMTS 900, 850, 2100, 1900 HSPA 900, 850, 2100, 1900 CDMA 800, 1900 LTE 700, 1700/2100(4) SIM Cards Nano PTT HSCSD GPRS Available EDGE Available AMPS CDMA2000 1xEV-DO 1xEV-DO Price Range. BlackBerry Classic has been teased and leaked numerous times before and the veil surrounding the future of BlackBerry has been finally lifted. The manufacturer is returning to its roots bringing back the classic QWERTY keyboard, the iconic square trackpad and the traditional hardware controls... Enter the BlackBerry Classic, an old-school ‘berry that employs an iconic design. BlackBerry Classic Non Camera vs LG Optimus F6 D505. BlackBerry Classic Non Camera vs Samsung Galaxy S4 Zoom SM-C1010. BlackBerry Classic Non Camera vs HTC Desire 610 Asia. FIND / COMPARE PHONES BRANDS Apple HTC LG Motorola Nokia Samsung Sony All Brands TOP LISTS Fastest CPU Slimmest Cell Phones More OTHER SECTIONS Feature List. We cannot guarantee the validity of information found here. Global United States United Kingdom India Türkish Arabic Spanish Portuguese Tablet Website. 
You may compare phones just by entering nexus s vs iphone 4 OR desire vs wildfire vs desire hd in the search input. Home > Phones > BlackBerry > Classic Non Camera. Add BlackBerry Classic Non Camera to comparison. 7.0 (based on 2 votes and 0 review ). MP3, eAAC+, WMA, WAV, FLAC. MP4, DivX, XviD, H.264, WMV. Added on 05/12/2016 , last updated 05/12/2016. Please contact us in case you spot any incorrect details of BlackBerry Classic Non Camera.. 4.4 (based on 12 votes). 8.0 (based on 1 vote). 8.0 (based on 1 vote). 8.0 (based on 1 vote). HTC Desire 526G+ 16GB Dual SIM. 8.0 (based on 1 vote). HTC Desire 526G+ 8GB Dual SIM. N/A (Not rated yet). N/A (Not rated yet). 8.0 (based on 1 vote). N/A (Not rated yet). 6.1 (based on 80 votes). 
Home Brands Top List Feature List Contact Compare Phones. SORT RESULTS BY DATE NAME PRICE. BlackBerry Classic Non Camera Dimension 131x72.4x10.2mm (5.16x2.85x0.4") Weight 178gr (6.28oz) Form Factor Candy Bar Material Colors Metal Frame Display Resolution 720x720px Display Size 63x63mm (2.48x2.48") ~291PPI Display Diagonal 3.5" Display Type 16M TFT Secondary Display Resolution Input QWERTY Keyboard Capacitive Touchscreen Talk Time 22 hours Standby Time 16 days OS BlackBerry OS Java MIDP 2.1 Vibration Available Ringtone Chipset Qualcomm MSM8960 Snapdragon S4 Processor 2 Cores @ 1.5GHz Qualcomm Krait GPU Adreno 225 Ram 2GB Internal Memory 16GB External Memory microSD Camera Resolution Camera Flash Camera Lens Optical Zoom Front Camera Second Front Camera Front Camera Flash Other Functionalities Digital Compass Accelerometer Gesture Control Light Sensor Proximity Sensor Speaker Mono Battery Capacity 2500mAh Battery Type Non-removable Battery WIMAX WiFi Wi-Fi 802.11 a/b/g/n UPnP NFC NFC USB v2.0 Bluetooth v4.0 Positioning System Integrated GPS TV Receiver TV Out Slim Port Audio Output 3.5mm Jack Radio FM Ethernet Infrared Network Compatibility GSM 1800, 1900, 850, 900 UMTS 900, 850, 2100, 1900 HSPA 900, 850, 2100, 1900 CDMA 800, 1900 LTE 700, 1700/2100(4) SIM Cards Nano PTT HSCSD GPRS Available EDGE Available AMPS CDMA2000 1xEV-DO 1xEV-DO GSM 1900 / GSM 850 / UMTS 850 / UMTS 1900 / HSDPA 850 / HSDPA 1900 / LTE 700 GSM 1900 / UMTS 1900 / HSDPA 1900 LTE 700 Price Range. This phone is not compatible with any US GSM operator.. BlackBerry Classic has been teased and leaked numerous times before and the veil surrounding the future of BlackBerry has been finally lifted. The manufacturer is returning to its roots bringing back the classic QWERTY keyboard, the iconic square trackpad and the traditional hardware controls... Enter the BlackBerry Classic, an old-school ‘berry that employs an iconic design. BlackBerry Classic Non Camera vs LG Optimus F6 D505. BlackBerry Classic Non Camera vs Samsung Galaxy S4 Zoom SM-C1010. BlackBerry Classic Non Camera vs HTC Desire 610 Asia. FIND / COMPARE PHONES BRANDS Apple HTC LG Motorola Nokia Samsung Sony All Brands TOP LISTS Fastest CPU Slimmest Cell Phones More OTHER SECTIONS Feature List. We cannot guarantee the validity of information found here. Global United States United Kingdom India Türkish Arabic Spanish Portuguese Tablet Website. 
Home Shop MWC News Reviews Features Opinions Videos The Gadgets 360 Show Cell Guru Prime Tech Smartphone Reviews Tech and Gadget Reviews How-To Videos Video Game Reviews and Features Top Lists by Gadgets 360 Unboxing and Hands-On Videos Podcasts Compare Mobiles Phone Finder DEALS. Mobiles Tablets Apps Gaming Cameras PC/Laptops AUDIO/VIDEO How To Telecom Science INDIA INTERNET SOCIAL MEDIA WEARABLES हिंदी. Home Mobiles Mobiles News. BlackBerry Classic Non Camera QWERTY Phone Launched. Ketan Pratap , 27 February 2015. Share on Facebook Tweet Share Share Email Reddit Comment. BlackBerry has launched a non-camera variant of the Classic QWERTY smartphone exclusively for the Verizon Wireless mobile carrier. The handset might be a great option for some users who are not allowed to carry a smartphones with cameras to office due to the potential risk of leaking documents.. The BlackBerry Classic Non Camera is now available to pre-order at Verizon starting at $99.99 (approximately Rs. 6,200) with a two-year contract while is also available unlocked at $399.99 (approximately Rs. The original BlackBerry Classic smartphone was unveiled globally in December and was priced at $499 (roughly Rs. Both the camera and non-camera models of the BlackBerry Classic smartphone feature identical specifications except that the latter doesn't include cameras - rear and front.. The BlackBerry Classic ( Review | Pictures ) QWERTY smartphone features a 3.5-inch display with a screen resolution of 720x720 pixels offering a pixel density of 294ppi.. The smartphone is powered by a 1.5GHz Qualcomm Snapdragon S4 Plus (MSM8960) processor alongside 2GB of RAM. It comes with 16GB built-in storage, which is further expandable via microSD card (up to 128GB). The BlackBerry Classic Non Camera is powered by BlackBerry OS 10.3.1 , which was rolled out earlier this month.. The handset includes Wi-Fi, 4G LTE, GPRS/ EDGE, GPS/ A-GPS, Glonass, Bluetooth, and NFC connectivity options. It packs accelerometer, magnetometer, gyroscope, proximity, ambient light, and hall sensors.. Unlike the global variant that packs 2515mAh battery, the BlackBerry Classic QWERTY smartphone launched exclusively at Verizon includes 2500mAh non-removable battery.. Much like other BlackBerry 10 OS smartphones, the BlackBerry Classic comes preloaded with BlackBerry Hub, BlackBerry Assistant, Dropbox, Adobe Reader, Evernote, BlackBerry Blend, BBM, BlackBerry World, Amazon Appstore, Facebook, Twitter, LinkedIn, Foursquare, and YouTube.. For the latest smartphone launches by Samsung, Nokia, Sony, Asus, and other MWC 2018 announcements, visit our MWC hub .. BlackBerry Classic Non Camera QWERTY Phone Launched. More BlackBerry mobiles BlackBerry mobiles price in India. Further reading: BlackBerry , BlackBerry Classic , BlackBerry Classic Non Camera , BlackBerry Classic Non Camera Price , BlackBerry Classic Non Camera Specifications , BlackBerry Mobiles , Mobiles , QWERTY Mobiles. Ketan Pratap Email Ketan. Ketan Pratap covers daily news and rumours at Gadgets 360. He attended IIMC (Indian Institute of Mass Communication), majoring in English Journalism. Google Buys .app Top-Level Domain for $25 Million. Salora Arya Z3 With 5-Inch Display, Octa-Core SoC Launched at Rs. BlackBerry Classic Non Camera QWERTY Phone Launched. Samsung Galaxy S9 और Galaxy S9+ स्मार्टफोन लॉन्च. Nokia 1 एंड्रॉयड गो स्मार्टफोन हुआ लॉन्च. LG V30S ThinQ के साथ MWC 2018 में एलजी ने दी दस्तक. Samsung Galaxy S9, Galaxy S9+ Launched: What's New?. Why Game of Thrones Creators Writing Star Wars Might Be a Bad, Bad Idea. Design by User Feedback? The Customer Isn't Always Right. PS4 Is a Best-Seller but Here Are 4 Reasons It's Far From Perfect. This Is When the New Nokia Phones Will Launch in India Final Fantasy XV to Get New Episodes Until 2019 Vivo Unveils Concept Phone With Half-Screen Fingerprint Scanning at MWC Metal Gear Survive Has a Hidden Message, This Is What It Could Mean Canon EOS 1500D, EOS 3000D Entry-Level DSLRs Launched in India BSNL Partners Nokia for Rollout of 4G VoLTE Services Sony Unveils Xperia Ear Duo to Answer Apple AirPods, Samsung Gear IconX Sony Xperia XZ2, Xperia XZ2 Compact With 18:9 Displays Launched at MWC Mi MIX 2S With Snapdragon 845 Confirmed by Xiaomi; Launching on March 27 Huawei Launches Windows Laptop and Android Tablet at MWC 2018. Nokia 7 Plus Is an Android One Phone With Dual Rear Cameras, Zeiss Optics Samsung Galaxy S9, Galaxy S9+ With Improved Cameras, AR Emoji Launched Samsung Galaxy S9, Galaxy S9+ Pre-Orders Now Open in India Nokia 7 Plus vs Nokia 7 Nokia 8110 4G Is a 'Slider' Feature Phone With Google, Facebook Apps Sony Unveils Xperia Ear Duo to Answer Apple AirPods, Samsung Gear IconX This Is When the New Nokia Phones Will Launch in India OnePlus 5, OnePlus 5T HD Content Streaming Issue Fixed, With a Catch Vodafone to Offer 4.5GB Data Per Day for 28 Days at Rs. 799: Report Sony Xperia XZ2, Xperia XZ2 Compact With 18:9 Displays Launched at MWC. Sitemaps Archives Advertise About Us Feedback Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions Complaint Redressal Careers Contact Us RSS Ethics Gadgets Hindi. © Copyright Red Pixels Ventures Limited 2018. Fields marked with * are mandatory. 
ENGLISH  MENU. You can manage your notification subscription by clicking on the icon. You are Blocked.Please unblock to get news alerts. Click Here to know more.. Also available in: हिन्दी ಕನ್ನಡ മലയാളം தமிழ் తెలుగు বাংলা ગુજરાતી. News Mobile Telecom Wearables Home-Entertainment Apps Laptop Camera Tablet Gaming. Reviews Mobiles Wearables Home-Entertainment Apps Laptops/PC Tablets. How-To Tips and Tricks Mobile Feature Wearable Feature Home-Entertainment Feature Social Media Feature Apps Feature. Gallery Mobiles Concepts Laptops Reviews Wearables Tablets. Videos Reviews How-to First Impression Unboxing Interviews Features. New Devices Search Mobiles Search Laptops Recent Launches Upcoming Mobiles Compare Mobiles Top 10 Mobiles. BlackBerry Classic Non Camera QWERTY Smartphone Goes Official. BlackBerry Classic Non Camera QWERTY Smartphone Goes Official. Published: Friday, February 27, 2015, 19:45 [IST]. BlackBerry today launched a non-camera version of the BlackBerry Classic in the US. The handset might come handy for some users who are not authorized to carry a smartphone with cameras to office.. The BlackBerry Classic Non Camera is now available to pre-order at Verizon starting at $99.99 (Rs. 6,200) with a two-year contract while users can opt for an unlocked version at just $399.99 (Rs. Both handsets are identical in terms of the design and specifications.. Lenovo P90 First Look: Here's a Monster Smartphone With 4000mAh Battery. The BlackBerry Classic comes with a 3.5-inch square shaped screen and has a full keyboard. It also comes with an 8-megapixel rear-facing camera on the back, and a 2-megapixel front-facing shooter for video conferencing.. Under the hood a 1.5GHz Snapdragon dual-core processor coupled with 2GB of RAM, 16GB of internal memory and microSD card support (up to 128GB) is placed. Unlike other BlackBerry handsets, the Classic's battery is non-removable. It has a 2515 mAh battery, BlackBerry says it will provide up to 17.2 hours of GSM talk time.. The Classic is an LTE-enabled phone. The device also supports NFC and Wi-Fi connectivity. It runs on the BlackBerry 10.3.1 OS, Similar to the BlackBerry Passport.. In other news, an all-new full touch handset from BlackBerry has apparently been leaked online. The much-awaited Rio will reportedly feature a 5-inch 720p HD display, a dual-core 1.5GHz processor, 2GB of RAM, an 8-megapixel rear camera, a 2-megapixel front-facing camera, and 16GB of storage with microSD support. If reports are to be believed, then the BlackBerry Rio will replace the BlackBerry Z3 - the company's cheapest full touch phone.. <center><iframe width="100%" height="417" src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/1CklkmQQT_I" frameborder="0" allowfullscreen></iframe></center>. Gizbot Stay updated with latest technology news & gadget reviews. blackberry | blackberry classic non camera | verizon | news | smartphones. Story first published: Friday, February 27, 2015, 19:45 [IST]. Other articles published on Feb 27, 2015. Oppo had filed patents for iPhone X-like design back in January 2017 Xiaomi Mi 5 and Mi Mix likely to get Android Oreo soon Xiaomi Redmi Note 5 Pro Review: Is it the best mid-range smartphone?. DELIVERED TO YOUR INBOX FOR FREE. বাংলা ગુજરાતી हिन्दी ಕನ್ನಡ മലയാളം தமிழ் తెలుగు. News Gear Tablet Laptop Mobile Gadgets Features How-To Gadget Finder. Filmibeat Boldsky Drivespark Goodreturns Native Planet Careerindia Clickin. About Us | Terms of Service | Privacy Policy | RSS | Contact Us | Site Feedback | Sitemap. © Greynium Information Technologies Pvt. Stay updated with latest technology news & gadget reviews - Gizbot. 
All 4G Non Camera Smartphones Phones Without Camera Smartphone.. Buy Online All Non Camera Phones 4G Android Non Camera Smartphones Cameraless Smartphone Non Camera Phone No Camera Phones Smartphone Without Camera Phone Cell Features Review Price.. Non Camera Smartphones Features Photos Images Reviews Prices. Buy Blackberry Classic 4G Non Camera Smartphone Features Review Price.. Amazon Purchase Link - Buy Phone Online Now.. Blackberry Classic Non Camera Smartphone is a 4G touchscreen phone with qwerty keypad and optical trackpad. It uses a 16M colors capacitive 3.5 inches touchscreen with multitouch feature and screen resolution of 720 x 1280 pixels giving 291 ppi pixel density. The phone screen is well protected by Corning Gorilla Glass 3. The mobile dimensions are 131 x 72.4 x 10.2 mm weighing just 178 grams and use a nano sim card for telecommunication. The cameraless BB smartphone has got internal phone memory of 16 GB with 2 GB RAM and supports up to 128 GB memory using a external microSD card in the slot. The phone supports loudspeaker, 3.5mm audio jack and Vibration, MP3 and WAV ringtones for message notifications and call alerts. The phone supports Java MIDP 2.1, SMS, MMS, Email, Push Email, IM, BBM 6, Whatsapp and Hike for email and chat communication, HTML5 browser for internet surfing and accelerometer, gyro, proximity, compass smartphone sensors. The phone doesn’t come with camera either front or rear and hence no video recording is possible with this phone. The phone uses a Non-removable Li-Ion 2500 mAh battery which gives a talktime of up to 22 hours and standby time of up to 384 hours. The phone comes in market in only black color. The sales packed box contents include handset, headset, battery, electric charger, USB data cable, user manual and warranty card.. Explore Blackberry BB Classic Non Camera Smartphone Latest Features, Model Specifications, Preview, Images, Photos, Comments, Details, Review and Price in India. The phone supports SMS, MMS, GPRS, EDGE, Wi-Fi 802.11 a/b/g/n, dual-band, hotspot, Bluetooth v4.0, A2DP, EDR, LE, GPS with A-GPS, Near field communication NFC, FM radio, slim port microUSB v2.0, MP3, WMA, WAV, eAAC+, FlAC player, DivX, XviD, MP4, WMV, H.264 player.. Also check Blackberry BB 8820 Non Camera Phone Features, Specifications, Images, Photos, Comments, Details, Review and Price in India. The phone runs on 2G frequency of GSM 850 / 900 / 1800 / 1900 and CDMA 800 / 1900. The phone supports 3G band of HSDPA 850 / 900 / 1900 / 2100 and CDMA2000 1xEV-DO. The phone supports 4G frequency of LTE band 4(1700/2100), 13(700) with speed of HSPA 42.2/5.76 Mbps, LTE Cat4 150/50 Mbps, EV-DO Rev.A 3.1 Mbps. The phone has built-in document viewer application and photo video editor app. The no camera blackberry classic smartphone runs on BlackBerry OS 10.3.1 with Dual-core 1.5 GHz Krait CPU.. Check BB Blackberry Classic Video Review. Features and Specifications of Blackberry Classic Cameraless Phone.. GSM 850 / 900 / 1800 / 1900.. HSDPA 850 / 900 / 1900 / 2100.. Length x Width x Thickness. 131 mm x 72.4 mm x 10.2 mm.. 16 GB storage with 2 GB RAM.. microSD card up to 128 GB.. Qwerty Keyboard + Optical Trackpad.. SMS & MMS supported.. 16M Colors Capacitive Touchscreen.. 720 x 1280 pixels resolution.. Corning Gorilla Glass 3.. Battery Type & Capacity. Non-removable Li-Ion 2500 mAh.. WLan WiFi connectivity speed. Bluetooth v4.0, A2DP, EDR, LE. Java MIDP 2.1 supported.. GPS supported with A-GPS.. Yes, 3.5mm AV jack available.. Email & Instant Messaging. Push Email, IM, BBM 6, WhatsApp.. Dual-core 1.5 GHz Krait CPU.. MP3, WMA, WAV, eAAC+, FlAC player, DivX, XviD, MP4, WMV, H.264 player.. Phone, Headset, Battery, USB cable & User Manual.. We bring you information on all latest non camera smartphones. If you appreciate our team's work effort, you can make donations on below PayPal ID to support & keep us going. DONATION'S ACCEPTED ON BELOW PAYPAL ID !!!. Buy Online Now - Non Camera Phones. Buy Nokia 207 3G Non Camera Phone Specs Features Review Price.. Nokia 207 is a 3.5G Non Camera Smartphone with GPRS EDGE internet & Java feature enabled. The camera less Nokia 207 Smartphone works at .... Non Camera Smartphone : Buy 3G Android Dupad Story Captain Review Price.. Dupad Story Captain non camera smartphone with GPS facility comes with 5.5 inch IPS HD multi point capacitive touch screen and IP65 water.... Buy Blackberry Classic 4G Non Camera Smartphone Features Review Price.. Blackberry Classic Non Camera Smartphone is a 4G touchscreen phone with qwerty keypad and optical trackpad. It uses a 16M colors capacitive .... Buy iNO 2 Dual Sim Android Smartphone Without Camera Review Price.. iNO 2 is a 4.3 inch Android Smartphone without Camera with Active Dual Sim and Android 4.2 Jelly Bean OS. The phone dimension are 125 x 65 x.... Disclaimer :- We cannot guarantee that the information on this page is 100% correct. Kindly check phone specifications with mobile company before purchasing.. 
are now inclusive of VAT Details. All orders of 100.00 AED or more on fulfilled by Souq items across any product category qualify for FREE shipping.. Changed your mind, you can return your product and get a full refund.. Pay for your order in cash at the moment the shipment is delivered to your doorstep. UAE Egypt Saudi Kuwait. Let us wish you a happy birthday!. Make sure to buy your groceries and daily needs. Let us wish you a happy birthday!. Let us wish you a happy birthday!. Day 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 28 29 30 31. Year 1999 1998 1997 1996 1995 1994 1993 1992 1991 1990 1989 1988 1987 1986 1985 1984 1983 1982 1981 1980 1979 1978 1977 1976 1975 1974 1973 1972 1971 1970 1969 1968 1967 1966 1965 1964 1963 1962 1961 1960 1959 1958 1957 1956 1955 1954 1953 1952 1951 1950 1949 1948 1947 1946 1945 1944 1943 1942 1941 1940 1939 1938 1937 1936 1935 1934 1933 1932 1931 1930 1929 1928 1927 1926 1925 1924 1923 1922 1921 1920 1919 1918 1917 1916 1915 1914 1913 1912 1911 1910 1909 1908 1907 1906 1905. Please fill in a complete birthday. All Categories Supermarket Electronics Mobiles & Tablets Baby & Toys Home & Kitchen Perfumes & Beauty Sports & Fitness Automotive Brand Stores Books. New Arrivals Women Men Kids Sports Watches & Jewelry Bags Eyewear Collections International Store Top Brands Outlet Amazon Global Store. Women Clothing Footwear Bags & Wallets Watches Sunglasses & Frames Jewelry. Men Clothing Footwear Bags & Wallets Watches Sunglasses & Frames. Sports Men Sportswear Men Athletic Shoes Women Sportswear Women Athletic Shoes. Clothing Dresses Jumpsuits Tops T-shirts Jeans Pants Sportswear Swimwear Lingerie Sleepwear Skirts Jackets & Coats Arabian Wear. Bags & Accessories Totes & Hobos Cross Body Bags Clutches & Evening Bags Backpacks Wallets. Shoes Athletic Casual & Sneakers Heels Wedges Flats Sandal & Slippers Boots. Watches Fashion Watches Luxury Watches Watch Organizers Leather Bands Stainless Steel Jewelry Necklaces & Pendants Earrings Bracelets Jewelry Sets Charms Rings Fine Jewelry. Eyewear Sunglasses Optical Frames Contact Lenses Aviator Wayfarer Cat Eye Clubmaster. Top Brands adidas Aldo Call It Spring Forever 21 Guess Michael Kors Missguided Nike Only Puma Lacoste Koton Vero Moda. Clothing Shirts Polos T-shirts Jeans Trousers Sportswear Shorts Swimwear Underwear Sleepwear Jackets, Coats & Hoodies. Bags Backpacks Wallets Messenger bags Belts Hats & Caps Cufflinks Jewelry. Shoes Athletic Casual & Sneakers Sandals Slippers Boots. Eyewear Sunglasses Optical Frames Contact Lenses Aviator Wayfarer Round Rimless. Watches Fashion Watches Luxury Watches Watch Organizers Leather Bands Stainless Steel Band. Top Brands Brave Soul Call It Spring Forever 21 Fred Perry Hugo Boss Jack & Jones Lacoste Levi's Original Penguin Polo Ralph Lauren Skechers Timberland Tommy Hilfiger U.S. Women | Sportswear Tops & Tees Bottoms Bras and Vests Running Clothing Training Clothing Shop All Women | Sport Shoes Running shoes Walking shoes Training shoes Shop All. Men | Sportswear Tops & Tees Bottoms Sports Jackets Training Clothing Running Clothing Shop All Men | Sport Shoes Running shoes Walking shoes Training shoes Shop All. Top Brands adidas Nike Skechers Puma New Balance Under Armour Asics Anta Columbia Converse Mizuno Vans Shop All. Women Clothing Only Vero Moda Tommy Hilfiger Glamorous Forever 21 Tally Weijl Quiz Clothing Guess Juicy Couture Brave Soul Ichi OVS. Women Shoes Nike Skechers Reebok Puma Aldo Nine West Guess Coach Missguided Truffle Shellys London Emu Michael Kors. Women Accessories Tory Burch DKNY Fossil Marc By Marc Jacobs Kenneth Cole XOXO Esprit Gucci Nine West Akribos XXIV Just Cavalli Lauren by Ralph Lauren. Polo Assn Jack & Jones Timberland Ralph Lauren Tommy Hilfiger Santa Monica Polo Club Brave Soul Tokyo Laundry Bellfield Gant Guess Diesel Hugo Boss. Men Shoes Nike Timberland Reebok Skechers Puma Aldo Jack & Jones New Balance Converse Vans Call It Spring adidas Asics. Men Accessories Emporio Armani Oakley JBW Tommy Hilfiger Fossil Daniel Wellington Puma Diesel Polaroid Tissot Michael Kors Tumi Levi's. Food & Beverages Dairy Products Beauty Homecare Baby World Pet World. Breakfast Breakfast Cereal Oats & Granola Jams, Spreads & Honey Pastas and Noodles. Snacks Chips & Crisps Biscuits & Cookies Nuts & Seeds Dates Confectionery Chocolate & Candy. Cooking Soup Rice & Pulses Spices & Condiments Packaged Meals Organic Food. Beverages Water Juices Sodas Energy Drinks Tea Coffee Milk. Hair Care Hair Dyes Hair Treatment Shampoos Conditioners. Skin Care Body Lotions Face Creams Anti Aging Wet Wipes. Personal Care Soap & Shower Gel Mouth Wash Toothbrushes Toothpaste Deodorants Feminine Hygiene. Laundry Detergent Fabric Softener Liquid Powder. Cleaning Supplies Dish Cleaners Bathroom Cleaners Multi Purpose Cleaners Air Fresheners. Paper & Plastic Trash Bags Tissue Disposable Napkins Disposable Cups. Small Appliances Blenders & Mixers Juice Extractors Food Preparation Vacuum Cleaners Coffee Machines View All Large Appliances Refrigerators Washing Machines Ovens & Ranges Air Conditioners Microwaves View All. Laptops Macbooks Gaming Laptops All In Ones | Desktops 2 in 1 Laptops Below AED 1,999 View All Accessories Hard Disks Routers Printers Monitors USB Drives View All. Televisions LED 4K UHD Smart TV Below AED 1,499 55" Full HD View All Home Audio/Video Speakers Home Theatres Projectors Headphones TV Accessories View All. Video Games Playstation 4 Xbox One Nintendo Switch Latest Games Gaming Accessories View All Cameras Action Cameras DSLRs Point & Shoot Lenses & Flash Accessories View All. Accessories Headsets Smartwatches Powerbanks Cables & Chargers Fitness Trackers View All Cases & Covers For iPhone 8 For Samsung S8 Below AED 59 For Xiaomi For iPhone 7 View All. Tablets iPads Samsung Microsoft Surface Lenovo Innjoo View All Shop By Price Below AED 299 AED 300 - 599 AED 600 - 999 AED 1000 - 1999 Above AED 2000 View All. Mobiles Samsung iPhones OnePlus Xiaomi Motorola Sony Nokia Huawei HTC BlackBerry ASUS Honor LG View All. Trending Samsung S8 iPhone X iPhone 8 Samsung Note 8 Honor 9 Lite View All Only On Souq OnePlus 5T ASUS Zenfone 2 Motorola G5 Plus BLU Vivo 6 Infinix S2 Pro View All. Baby & Toddler Diapering Baby Food Feeding Bath & Skin Care Baby Health & Safety Baby Toys & Accessories Nursery Clothing, Shoes & Accessories Shop All Buying Guide. Baby Gear Prams & Strollers Car Seats & Boosters Travel Systems Bouncers, Rockers, Swings Monitors & Gates Walkers High Chairs Playards Shop All. Toys & Games LEGO, Building & Blocks Electronic & RC Toys Action Figures Arts & Crafts Cards, Games & Puzzles Educational Toys Stuffed Toys Dolls & Dolls houses Dress Up & Pretend Play Board Games Party Supplies Shop All. Sports & Outdoor Play Playhouses , Tables & Slides Swing Sets & Climbers Trampolines & Accessories Swimming Pools & Water Toys Bikes, Scooters & Ride Ons Sandboxes & Beach Toys Blaster Toys Bounce Houses & Ball Pits. Video Games Playstation 4 Xbox One Nintendo Switch Latest Games Gaming Accessories View All. Furniture Bedroom Living Room Kitchen & Dining Room Home Office Home Entertainment Bean Bags Décor Wallpaper & Decals Clocks Paintings/Posters Candles & Holders Curtains & Slipcovers Garden Décor. Kitchen & Dining Cookware Dinnerware Bakeware Cutlery Glassware & Drinkware Serveware Kitchen Tools Do it Yourself Measuring & Layout Tools Hand Tools Power Tools Hardware Electrical. Outdoor Trolley Suitcases & Bags Packing & Bags Accessories Lawn & Garden Outdoor Living Grills & Outdoor Cooking Home Accents & Other Crafts Bean Bags Lightings Rugs, Carpets & Mats Decorative Cushions Clocks Sewing & Acessories Coins & Stamps Collections. Bed Comforters & Duvet Sets Bedspreads & Bedding Sheets Blankets & Throws Pillows Mattress & Toppers Bath Towels Tubs, Sinks & Taps Toilets & Urinals Pets Pet Food Pet Supplies Shop All. Perfumes & Fragrances Women Men New Arrivals Arabic Perfumes Fragrance Gift Sets Perfume Buying Guide Health Dietary Supplements Vitamins & Minerals Sport Nutrition Personal Scales Blood Pressure Monitors Small Medical Equipments. Makeup Eyes Lips Face Nails Palettes & Sets Beauty Tools & Brushes Hair Hair Straightners Hair Curlers Hair Dryers Oils, Serums & Treatments Wigs Hair Accessories. Personal Care Women Hair Removal Dental Care Skin Care Massagers Bath & Body Body Support & Slimming Men's Grooming Electric Shavers Trimmers Hair Clippers Beard & Mustache Care Hair Loss Treatment. Brand Stores Luxury Beauty L'Oreal Paris Maybelline Philips Braun Oral-B Scholl Veet. Cardio Training Treadmills Exercise Bikes Rowing Machines Aerobic Steppers Exercise Ropes Fitness Trackers Ab Machines Air walkers Gym Massager Sports Fashion Footwear Clothing Accessories. Strength & Weights Home Gym Dumbbells Medicine Balls Kettlebells & Barbells Multi-Function Benches Yoga Mats Gym Gloves Gym Balls Gym Belts. Outdoor Golf Skiing Water Sports Cycling Running Camping Camping Tents Accessories Lights Camping Bed. Team Sports Football Volleyball Basketball Tennis Cricket Squash Table Tennis Badminton Leisure Sports/Games Billiard Fishing Games. Brands Everlast Body Sculpture Nike Adidas Yonex Top Skyland Wilson Aqua Sphere Waterrower Marshall fitness Nordictrack Life Top TA Sports. Car Care & Protection Air fresheners & Purifiers Car Covers Car Cleaning Tools Car polishing product Vacuum Cleaners Vehicle Fluids & Lubricants Car Multimedia Car Video system Car Audio system Car Audio & Video Tools Woofers & Amplifiers Car Bluetooth Kit Car Camera system. GPS devices Navigation System Portable Navigators In-Dash Navigators Handheld Navigators GPS Accessories GPS Receiver Car Parts & tools Car Parts Car Error Reader Car Lightings Car Air Filters Car Maintainence Car Tools. Car Accessories Interiors Accessories Exterior Accessories Car Key & Keychains Tires & wheels Compressors & Tire inflators Tire tools & product Motorcycle Parts. Top Brands Garmin Sony Clayton Boschmann JVC JBL Turtle Wax American Breeze Armor All Jabra Kenwood. (Eligible for FREE Shipping ). & Up ( 109 ). & Up ( 223 ). & Up ( 236 ). & Up ( 238 ). HOTWAV COSMOS V20 SMART PHONE, 4G, 3GB RAM, 32GB STORAGE, 13.0 MP CAMERA, GOLD. OUKITEL U13 5.5 Inch 3GB RAM 64GB ROM Dual Camera 13MP+8MP 4G Smart Phone Full Metal Body Octa Core Android 6.0 EU Plug Grey. DOOGEE Y6C 5.5 inch Smart Phone Dual Camera 4G Android 6.0 Dual SIM RAM 2GB ROM 16GB EU Plug Gold. DOOGEE X5pro 5.0 Inch 4G Smart Phone Dual Camera Dual SIM RAM 2GB ROM 16GB Android 5.1 EU Plug White. DOOGEE X5pro 5.0 Inch 4G Smart Phone Dual Camera Dual SIM RAM 2GB ROM 16GB Android 5.1 UK Plug Black. UHANS A101 5.0 Inch Dual SIM Card Smart Phone Dual Camera Android 6.0 1GB RAM 8GB Rom Black UK Plug. OUKITEL U15pro 5.5 Inch Smart Phone Dual Camera 13MP+2MP Octa Core 3GB RAM 32GB ROM Android 6.0 UK plug Gray. DOOGEE X5pro 5.0 Inch 4G Smart Phone Dual Camera Dual SIM RAM 2GB ROM 16GB Android 5.1 EU Plug Black. OUKITEL U15pro 5.5 Inch Smart Phone Dual Camera 13MP+2MP Octa Core 3GB RAM 32GB ROM Android 6.0 EU plug Rose Golde. Nomu S20 5.0 inch Quad Core 3G RAM 32G ROM Dual Camera Splash 4G Smart Phone EU Plug Grey. HOMTOMHT 17Pro 5.5 Inch Smart Phone Dual Sim Dual Camera 8MP ROM16GB RAM2GB Android 6.0 Fast Charging Golden. DOOGEE X5pro 5.0 Inch 4G Smart Phone Dual Camera Dual SIM RAM 2GB ROM 16GB Android 5.1 UK Plug White. HOTWAV IP7 SMART PHONE, 4G, 3GB RAM, 32GB STORAGE, 13.0MP CAMERA, (BLACK). OUKITEL U15pro 5.5 Inch Smart Phone Dual Camera 13MP Octa Core 3GB RAM 32GB ROM Android 6.0 UK plug Rose Gold. TTsims M5 SMART - 3.5 inch Android Smart Phone - Dual Camera - 3G Dual 2 Sim Cards at the same time - HVGA Wifi 1Ghz Processor Dual Core - Black. TTsims M5 SMART - 3.5 inch Android Smart Phone - Dual Camera - 3G Dual 2 Sim Cards at the same time - HVGA Wifi 1Ghz Processor Dual Core - Blue. BlackBerry Classic Non Camera - HDMI HDTV Cable for Blackberry Smart Phone. 3 in 1 Universal Clip Lens Fish, Eye Macro, Wide Angle Camera for Smart Phones. Mobile Accessory Type : mobile phone lens. Smart Phone Watch with SIM Card and Memory Card (Bluetooth, Pedometer, Anti-loss, Camera)-White. Smart Phone Watch with SIM Card and Memory Card (Bluetooth, Pedometer, Anti-loss, Camera)-Black. Slim Watch Mobile phone Touchscreen ( SIM, Camera, Phonecall Funtion, WhatsApp). 3 in 1 Universal Clip Lens Fish, Eye Macro, Wide Angle Camera for Apple iPad iPhone 4S 5 5S HTC Samsung Xperia Lenovo LG Blackberry and other Smart phone. Mobile Accessory Type : mobile phone lens. Smart Phone Watch with SIM Card and Memory Card (Bluetooth, Pedometer, Anti-loss, Camera)-Black. gt08 Smart Phone Watch with SIM Card and Memory Card (Bluetooth, Pedometer, Anti-loss, Camera)-Black. DZ09 Bluetooth Smart Watch Single SIM Phone with Dialer Camera Sleep Monitor. Smart Phone Watch with SIM Card and Memory Card (Bluetooth, Pedometer, Anti-loss, Camera)-Brown. Smart Watch Phone With Camera,Bluetooth, Memory card and SIM Slot (Silver/Black). Fantime SW08 Smart Phone Watch with SIM Card (Pedometer, Anti-loss, Camera) - Black. 3 in 1 Universal Clip Lens Fish Eye Macro Wide Angle Camera for Apple iPad iPhone 4S 5 5S HTC Samsung Xperia Lenovo LG Blackberry and other Smart phone - Silver. Mobile Accessory Type : mobile phone lens. Black A1 Bluetooth WristWatch Sport Pedometer With SIM Camera Smartwatch For Android/IOS Phone. Previous 1 2 3 4 5 Next. This item is currently out of stock. Order now, only 0 left in stock!. Have a question or an issue? We are here to help. Popular Searches White Friday Samsung S9 | S9+ Samsung Apple IPhone Souq Fashion Souq SuperMarket AmazonBasics Home & Kitchen Sports & Fitness Baby & Toys. My Account Log In / Register My Shopping Cart My Orders My Addresses Wish Lists Account Settings Account Summary Intellectual Property Brand and Copyright Owners Marketplace Sellers. Selling on Souq.com Sell on souq.com How It Works Selling Policies Seller Terms and Conditions Fulfilled by Souq FAQs Buying on Souq.com How to Buy Easy Payment Plans Return Policy Advertise with us Help. About Us Media Center Careers Privacy Policy Terms and Conditions Affiliate Program Helpbit Services. 
Home Technology Company Directory Share your news Membership. Mobile Channel Reviews. Blackberry Classic Non Camera: an expensive no camera feature. We all have heard how the race to give the consumers the best camera smartphone is heating up, but it seems that Blackberry is going the reverse way by coming out with the Blackberry Classic Non Camera. Who in their right frame of mind would want a smartphone with no camera?. Apparently there is a market for business users especially who are dealing with sensitive information or materials all day long and in their line of work, no camera should be made available at all times. That would include a smartphone with no camera onboard. We do know that Blackberry are very strong with business people by offering full QWERTY keyboard and by coming out with the Classic Non Camera; it is a whole different ball game altogether now. You mean like seriously? That is a very niche market that is trying to be explored by Blackberry and the smartphone certainly is not cheap by any means whatsoever.. The economics of scale would put off others from even venturing into the market, but not Blackberry. It could be a bold move or an unwise move, but let’s just say that they don’t have any competitor for a smartphone without a camera. How many of us out there are business users where our employers do not allow us any form of camera in our workplace? I Don’t think the number is significant enough at all.. Enough about the background and let’s move on to what the Classic Non Camera is all about. Classic means, in this case, is that Blackberry is going back to its original roots of yesteryears especially with the full QWERTY keyboard that is very rare this day and age. Even the other look and feel of the smartphone is reminiscence of the good old days when Blackberry is highly regarded, and there wasn’t Android or Apple out there in the market.. Sporting a 3.5-inch capacitive touchscreen with 720 x 720 pixels or ~291 ppi pixel density, it is indeed just like your typical Blackberry from few years back. At least now it does keep up with technology by having the Corning Gorilla Glass 3 to further protect your investment.. Performance-wise, the Classic Non Camera is powered by a Dual-core 1.5 GHz Krait processor and 2GB RAM. Honestly, I don’t think the processor is good enough as it will struggle all the way. The 2GB does help but it is still kind of limited by the low-end processor.. With 16GB of available storage and the support for expansion in the form of a microSD slot that accepts 128GB max, there’s finally some good news. But I wonder in what circumstances will you be using up that much space?. Then we have the BlackBerry OS 10.3.1 which will be inside the smartphone. Of course there won’t be as many apps like those found on Apple or Android marketplace, so your choices are pretty much limited.. Finally, the Classic Non Camera will be getting a non-removable Li-Ion 2500 mAh battery that technically can power up the device for a day or two in between charging.. The interesting about this Blackberry Classic Non Camera is that it is also priced as the same with its other model that is equipped with the Blackberry Classic with 8MP primary camera and 2MP secondary camera. Does it even make sense to you? I would have thought that by stripping out certain aspects would have at least costs cheaper right? Well, unless you are the targeted audience that doesn’t allow you to have a camera in your workplace, and then you shouldn’t bother looking at this smartphone.. The Blackberry Classic Non Camera is currently available for $399 USD and is only available in black.. Eza Ezamie Category: Team WhaTech Company profile: Tech junkie by profession and passionate about anything from the&nbsp;digital world, movies, games and reading. He loves writing and hopes you enjoy his writing as much as he does.. Eza,&nbsp;is also known as Don in the virtual world, but don’t him me wrong, he's not a mafia type he's really a nice chap and a devout family guy.. Your banner here? WhaTech Pro +. Meizu E3: 5.99-inch with Fullview display and dual 20MP+12MP primary camera. Motorola Moto G6 Plus: here comes the big brother. Top 5 reasons why you should turn your website into a mobile app. Top AI-based technologies that evolve in 2018. SEO Tips For A Successful Mobile App. Industry 4.0 is a Cloudy Topic. What you can learn from Internet guru Mary Meeker. Good Technology Redefines the Mobile Business Experience. How about Google Earth for the Underworld?. Tips for a fresher in Android app development. Twitter draws on Facebook, mobile applications to display links in the form of cards. FlipHTML5 flipbook creator is the ultimate solution to turn PDFs into flipbooks. Why developers vote Python as the best application programming language?. Promatics Technologies Website: www.promaticsindia.com Hyperlink InfoSystem Website: www.hyperlinkinfosystem.com Finoit Technologies Website: www.finoit.com Openxcell Website: www.openxcell.com AppInventiv Technologies Website: appinventiv.com Fluper Ltd Website: www.fluper.com RapidOps Website: www.rapidops.com Rapidsoft Technologies Website: www.rapidsofttechnologies.com Innofied Solution Website: www.innofied.com Prismetric Technologies Website: www.prismetric.com Recommended Mobile App Developers. Isomorphic Software Website: www.smartclient.com PUB HTML5 Website: pubhtml5.com AnyFlip Website: anyflip.com Recommended Software Developers. CombiTel whate.ch/CombiTel Category: IPTV Company profile: We are a specialist IPTV systems integrator focusing on service providers and enterprises. CombiTel offers unmatched value to its clients based on its unique mix of skills and many years of experience in both Telecommunications and Broadcasting. We have a proven track record and happy customers in Australia and New Zealand.. WhaTech www.whatech.com About WhaTech Membership About WhaTech About WhaTech Content Marketing Contact Us Privacy Policy Refund and Guarantee Terms of Sevice. Mobile App Developers Business Intelligence Web Developers Indian Mobile Developers Cloud Computing Suppliers Market Research Companies. Blog News Reviews Archive Press Release Companies. Market Research Reports News Mobile Phone News and Reviews Mobile App Development News Web Design and Development News Hotel Managment Solutions News Information Technology Market News Energy and Renewables Market News Internet of things IoT News All Categories Newsmaker Market Research News Newsmaker Pro. Each week we explore the latest models and deliver. 
