512MB RAM storage, microSD card slot. 109 x 60 x 13.9 mm (4.29 x 2.36 x 0.55 in). 2.46 inches, 18.7 cm 2 (~28.7% screen-to-body ratio). 320 x 240 pixels, 4:3 ratio (~163 ppi density). microSD, up to 32 GB (dedicated slot). 512 MB RAM, 512 MB ROM. SMS, MMS, Email, Push Email, IM. Up to 4 h 30 min. This is not a GSM device, it will not work on any GSM network worldwide.. We can not guarantee that the information on this page is 100% correct. BlackBerry Curve 3G 9330 - user opinions and reviews. Can we change 3G to 4G?. I think you should try deleting the app and re install it again. Samsung Apple Nokia Sony LG HTC Motorola Huawei Microsoft Lenovo Xiaomi Google Acer Asus Oppo OnePlus Meizu BlackBerry Alcatel ZTE Toshiba Vodafone Energizer XOLO Lava Micromax BLU Gionee vivo LeEco Panasonic HP YU verykool Maxwest Plum. BlackBerry Curve 3G 9300 BlackBerry Bold 9780 BlackBerry Curve 8530 BlackBerry Curve 9360 Nokia 9300 BlackBerry Curve 9220. BlackBerry Z10 BlackBerry Priv BlackBerry Motion BlackBerry Keyone BlackBerry Passport BlackBerry Z3. 
CNET también está disponible en español.. BlackBerry Curve 3G 9330 review:. The Good The RIM BlackBerry Curve 3G 9330 has a responsive optical touch pad, a slim profile, external media keys, Wi-Fi, stereo Bluetooth, GPS, EV-DO, and a 2-megapixel camera. The Bad The BlackBerry Curve 3G 9330 is not too different from the Curve 8530 aside from a few cosmetic changes. The Bottom Line Despite its entry-level status, the RIM BlackBerry Curve 3G 9330 is a decent smartphone for the price.. Visit manufacturer site for details.. The RIM BlackBerry Curve 3G 9330 for Verizon Wireless isn't very different at all from its predecessor, the Curve 8530. Indeed, the only changes seem to be cosmetic, and even then the changes are slight. You still have the media keys on the top, the familiar QWERTY keyboard, and the optical touchpad, with only a minor shift in details. The Curve 3G 9330 is identical to its GSM cousin, the BlackBerry Curve 3G 9300 for T-Mobile , so we'll point you to that review for the full design lowdown.. Because it doesn't have a whole lot of new features, the Curve 3G 9330 is billed as an entry-level smartphone. And luckily for us, it has a price to match. The Verizon version of the BlackBerry Curve 3G 9330 is available for only $29.99 with a new two-year service agreement.. The RIM BlackBerry Curve 3G 9330 comes with BlackBerry OS 5 but RIM and Verizon have promised that it will be upgradable to BlackBerry OS 6. The new OS promises quite a number of improvements like a revamped home screen, universal search, easier access to messaging, a new Webkit browser, and more.. The Curve 3G 9330 has the usual phone features like voice dialing, conference calling, speed dialing, a speakerphone, vibrate mode, and of course text and multimedia messaging. Instant-messaging options include BlackBerry Messenger, AIM, ICQ, Yahoo, and Windows Live. Continuing the RIM legacy of strong e-mail features, the Curve 3G 9330 can sync with your company's BlackBerry Enterprise server in addition to other e-mail systems like Microsoft Exchange, IBM Lotus Domino, and your own POP3 or IMAP accounts.. Other features include GPS/A-GPS with VZ Navigator support, EV-DO Rev., Wi-Fi (802.11 b/g), and stereo Bluetooth. You can use the GPS with other location-based apps and for geotagging photos. Mobile professionals will appreciate the calendar, a memo pad, document viewers for Microsoft Office, Corel WordPerfect, PDF documents, and more. The phone has 512MB of flash memory, and there's also a MicroSD card slot that can accept up to 16GB cards.. The Verizon version of the phone comes with a few Verizon-specific apps. They include V Cast Music with Rhapsody, Verizon's music store, and V Cast Video, Verizon's video streaming service. You also get visual voice mail, but you do have to pay a $4.99 monthly fee for it. Other apps included with the phone are VZW Tones, Verizon's ringtone store, and Bing. There are also a few games like BrickBreaker, Texas Hold Em, Word Mole, Sudoku, and Klondike. If you want more apps, you can get them from the BlackBerry App World.. As for multimedia, the Curve 3G 9330 has a music player with support for MP3, WMA, AAC, and MIDI file formats, plus there's a video player with MPEG4, WMV, H.263 and H.264 support. The 2-megapixel camera is similar to the one on the Curve 3G 9300, and the photo quality is just as mediocre.. Best Phones for 2018. See All. Samsung’s king of phones is excellent, but you'll pay a pretty penny for stylus privileges.. A radical redesign that's nearly all screen includes a new cutting-edge facial recognition.... LG just gave Samsung a run for the money.. But we're still waiting on the Siri-like AI.. The Pixel 2's superb camera makes it worth a look.. This week on CNET News. Homeland Security's tall order: A hacker-free election. 'Annihilation' director wove memory into a dream-like movie. Dogecoin: The joke cryptocurrency that was too real for its own good. Discuss BlackBerry Curve 3G 9330. Be respectful, keep it clean and stay on topic. We delete comments that violate our policy , which we encourage you to read. Discussion threads can be closed at any time at our discretion.. CNET may earn fees when you click through to a partner site.. 
https:/ / www.phonescoop.com/ phones/ phone.php? p=2930. 320 x 240 pixels 160 ppi. 1150 mAh LiIon Removable Talk: 4.5 hours max. 325 MB available to user Expandable via memory card. 2+ megapixel fixed-focus Video: Yes. 4.29 x 2.36 x 0.55 in. 109 x 60 x 14 mm. Rating: M4, T4 (very tele-coil compatible). Supported Profiles: HSP 1.1, HFP 1.5, OPP , PBA , DUN , A2DP 1.2, AVRC 1.3, MAP version 2.1+ EDR. Find a mistake or omission? Submit a Correction. This minor update to the Curve 8530 has more memory, making it upgradeable to BlackBerry OS software version 6. Otherwise it's identical, featuring 2 megapixel camera with video capture, GPS navigation, Wi-Fi, music player, stereo Bluetooth, 3.5mm headphone jack, and memory card slot.. 850 MHz / band 5 / BC0. 1900 MHz / band 2 / BC1. Subscribe to updates on this phone with RSS. Review: Coolpad Revvl Plus for T-Mobile. The Revvl Plus is an affordable Android slab that delivers an enormous screen at a reasonable price point. Stand-out features include a dual-camera system for capturing bokeh-style portraits, and a fingerprint reader for security. Here is Phone Scoop's in-depth report.. Review: Tech 21 Evo Check Case for Pixel 2 XL. Tech 21's latest accessory for the Google Pixel 2 XL is the Evo Check, a three-layer case that provides protection for drops up to three meters. We put this case to the test to see if it's worth your hard-earned dollars.. Review: IK Multimedia iRig Pro I/O for iPhone. The iRig Pro I/O is a compact audio interface that lets musicians, singers, and podcasters connect their instruments or microphones to Apple iPhones, iPads, and Macs. It takes all the best features of the larger iRig Pro Duo and boils them down to the most essential tools in a highly portable package.. Review: ZTE Avid 4 for MetroPCS. ZTE's latest low-cost handset for MetroPCS offers entry-level specs and performance. It includes a 5-inch screen, 8-megapixel camera, and Android 7 Nougat. MetroPCS customers can score this handset for next to nothing, but there might be better options. Here is Phone Scoop's in-depth review.. Review: Kingston DataTraveler Duo Bolt for iPhone. The Kingston DataTraveler Duo Bolt is a small thumb drive that plugs into the bottom of your iPhone and saves all your photos and videos. If you're looking for a quick way to free up space on your iOS device, the DataTraveler Duo Bolt is ideal in certain situations.. Hands On with the Samsung Galaxy S9 and S9+. Samsung's new flagship handsets, the Galaxy S9 and S9+, are here and they offer lots to be excited about. Samsung took the wining design of last year's phones and upped the ante with improvements to the chassis, cameras, and software.. Review: Speck Presidio Ultra Case for iPhone X. Speck's newest case for the Apple iPhone X, the Presidio Ultra, is a three-piece kit that includes a base case, an extra bumper, and a rugged holster. If you need hardcore protection with a little bit of flexibility throughout the day, the Presidio Ultra is an interesting entry.. Subscribe to Phone Scoop News with RSS. Subscribe to Phone Scoop on YouTube. All content Copyright 2001-2018 Phone Factor, LLC. Content on this site may not be copied or republished without formal permission.. By registering, you agree to our Terms of Use. We value your privacy and will never share your email address. 
more ... more .... more ... more .... View all photos (24). Discontinued: Verizon , Sprint , U.S. Click to read the full review. Based on 8 User reviews. Does not support automatic screen brightness. Too little RAM memory (0.5 GB RAM). Low pixel density screen (167 ppi). RIM BlackBerry Curve 3G 9330 is the CDMA version of RIM BlackBerry Curve 3G 9300. It comes with a QVGA display, 2MP camera, GPS and microSDHC card slot.. RIM BlackBerry Curve 3G for Sprint Review RIM BlackBerry Curve 3G for Verizon Wireless Review BlackBerry Curve 3G 9330 manual. Dimensions: 4.29 x 2.36 x 0.55 inches (109 x 60 x 14 mm). Weight: 3.70 oz (105 g) the average is 5.6 oz (159 g). Features: Full keyboard, Optical Mouse (Touchpad). Resolution: 320 x 240 pixels. Pixel density - The pixel density of a display represents the number of pixels over an area of one inch. It’s measured in “pixels per inch”, or ppi. The higher the number, the more detailed and good-looking the display is.. Technology - There are two main screen technologies currently used in phones and tablets: LCD and AMOLED. The former usually features a light source and liquid crystals, while the latter is based on organic light-emitting diodes. Newer LCD variations like IPS-LCD and Super-LCD allow for very accurate color reproduction and very wide viewing angles, where no significant image quality loss is observed. Current AMOLED screens differ in such a way that they can exhibit much more saturated colors (sometimes too much) and incredibly high contrast levels, which is due to black color being completely black in AMOLED displays.. Screen-to-body ratio - Shows what part of the frontal area of a phone its screen occupies.. 0.5 GB RAM / 512 MB ROM. System memory - System memory, or RAM memory is the type of memory that the device uses to temporarily store data from the OS or currently-running apps. The more RAM available to the device, the better the performance will be when multiple or heavier programs are running.. Storage expansion - Some handsets allow you to expand their storage capacity by using a memory expansion card – most often microSD. Expansion memory is mostly suitable for media storage, such as photo, video or music content.. Talk time: 4.50 hours the average is 20 h (1229 min). Stand-by time: 10.5 days (252 hours) the average is 21 days (502 h). Capacity - The bigger, the better! However, battery capacity is not the only factor that has an effect on battery life. Those include the chipset in use, the software running on the device, as well as the consumer's unique usage pattern.. CDMA - Code Division Multiple Access. A technique of multiplexing, also called spread spectrum, in which analog signals are converted into digital form for transmission. For each communication channel, the signals are encoded in a sequence known to the transmitter and the receiver for that channel. The foremost application is digital cellular phone technology from QUALCOMM that operates in the 800MHz band and 1.9GHz PCS band. CDMA phones are noted for their excellent call quality and long battery life.. Phone features Notifications: Service lights, Music ringtones (MP3), Polyphonic ringtones (32 voices), Vibration, Flight mode, Silent mode, Speakerphone. Other features: Voice dialing, Voice commands, Voice recording. Other: Tethering, Computer sync, OTA sync. Positioning - This field shows the positioning systems supported by the device. The most common types are GPS and A-GPS.. GPS - This is one of the most widespread global positioning technologies, developed and maintained by the U.S. It uses satellites in order to detect your location. A-GPS - A-GPS stands for Assisted GPS and is the industry standard for positioning and navigation. “Assisted” means that it can use local wireless networks, in addition to satellites, for quicker and more precise localization.. Availability Officially announced: 14 Sep 2010. To see the full specifications with in-depth details click here.. Despite our efforts to provide full and correct BlackBerry Curve 3G 9330 specifications, there is always a possibility of making a mistake. If you see any wrong or incomplete data, please LET US KNOW .. If you are interested in using our specs commercially, check out our Phone specs database licensing page.. Costco puts BlackBerry up for sale; AT&T's BlackBerry Bold 9900 just $49.99 on contract. Verizon giving out gift card for qualifying smartphone purchase with trade-in. All BlackBerry Curve 3G smartphones are selling for a dollar through Best Buy. BlackBerry Curve 3G now in fuchsia at Verizon. BlackBerry Curve 3G now on sale through Sprint for $49.99 on-contract. The Samsung Galaxy S9 and S9+ have game-changing cameras with variable aperture and 960fps slow-mo video recording. The Big Barcelona Camera Comparison: iPhone X vs Pixel 2 XL vs Note 8. Samsung Galaxy S9 and S9+ rumor review: Specs, design, features, price and release date. Sony presents Xperia XZ2 and XZ2 Compact: new design and Snapdragon 845. Galaxy S9 Exynos edition gets benchmarked against rivals!. Galaxy S9 first camera comparison vs iPhone X, V30, S8. Samsung Galaxy S9 & S9+ hands-on. MWC 2018: top smartphones to expect. Best smartphone you can buy in 2018. Allo is a quality app, but Google isn't giving it a real chance. All content (phone reviews, news, specs, info), design and layouts are Copyright 2001-2018 phoneArena.com. Reproduction in whole or in part or in any form or medium without written permission is prohibited! Privacy. 
Community Home Verizon Community Verizon Community Homepage Explore Topics People Content Announcements. Explore Search Sign In / Register Register 0 Sign In. Error: You don't have JavaScript enabled. This tool uses JavaScript and much of it will not work correctly without it enabled. Please turn JavaScript back on and reload this page.. Topics > BlackBerry > Curve > > Discussions. You can not post a blank message. Please type your message and try again.. Latest reply on Sep 27, 2010 3:16 PM by Ambreezy. gdgs001 Sep 25, 2010 5:25 PM. Tags: none ( add ). when is the blackberry curve 3g 9330 for sale to the public for verizon?. This content has been marked as final.. Show 1 reply. ( in response to gdgs001 ). Like Show 0 Likes (0). I have read your post and understand your concern for the release of the Blackberry Curve 3G 9330. At this time there is no release information but once we have the information we will be happy to pass it along. You can also go to Contact Us and sign up for Email Notifications at which you can receive information and new release from Verizon Wireless.. Home | Top of page. Verizon Wireless Community Software Version: 8.0.3.1 , revision: 20160414082626.1619a91.release_8.0.3.x. 
Our new search experience requires JavaScript to be enabled. Please enable JavaScript on your browser , then try again .. All Categories Antiques Art Baby Books Business & Industrial Cameras & Photo Cell Phones & Accessories Clothing, Shoes & Accessories Coins & Paper Money Collectibles Computers/Tablets & Networking Consumer Electronics Crafts Dolls & Bears DVDs & Movies eBay Motors Entertainment Memorabilia Gift Cards & Coupons Health & Beauty Home & Garden Jewelry & Watches Music Musical Instruments & Gear Pet Supplies Pottery & Glass Real Estate Specialty Services Sporting Goods Sports Mem, Cards & Fan Shop Stamps Tickets & Experiences Toys & Hobbies Travel Video Games & Consoles Everything Else. Hi ( Sign in to bid or buy) Daily Deals Gift Cards Help & Contact Sell. Summary Recently Viewed Bids/Offers Watch List Purchase History Selling Saved Searches Saved Sellers Messages. blackberry curve 3g 9330 verizon blackberry curve 3g 9330 sprint blackberry curve 3g 9330 case blackberry bold 9780 blackberry curve 9330. All Listings - Current page. Quickly compare offers in our new grouped view. results for BlackBerry Curve 3G 9330. Save BlackBerry Curve 3G 9330 to get e-mail alerts and updates on your eBay Feed.. Unfollow BlackBerry Curve 3G 9330 to stop getting updates on your eBay Feed.. You'll receive email and Feed alerts when new items arrive. Afghanistan - AFG Albania - ALB Algeria - DZA American Samoa - ASM Andorra - AND Angola - AGO Anguilla - AIA Antigua and Barbuda - ATG Argentina - ARG Armenia - ARM Aruba - ABW Australia - AUS Austria - AUT Azerbaijan Republic - AZE Bahamas - BHS Bahrain - BHR Bangladesh - BGD Barbados - BRB Belarus - BLR Belgium - BEL Belize - BLZ Benin - BEN Bermuda - BMU Bhutan - BTN Bolivia - BOL Bosnia and Herzegovina - BIH Botswana - BWA Brazil - BRA British Virgin Islands - VGB Brunei Darussalam - BRN Bulgaria - BGR Burkina Faso - BFA Burma - MMR Burundi - BDI Cambodia - KHM Cameroon - CMR Canada - CAN Cape Verde Islands - CPV Cayman Islands - CYM Central African Republic - CAF Chad - TCD Chile - CHL China - CHN Colombia - COL Comoros - COM Congo, Democratic Republic of the - COD Congo, Republic of the - COG Cook Islands - COK Costa Rica - CRI Cote d Ivoire (Ivory Coast) - CIV Croatia, Republic of - HRV Cyprus - CYP Czech Republic - CZE Denmark - DNK Djibouti - DJI Dominica - DMA Dominican Republic - DOM Ecuador - ECU Egypt - EGY El Salvador - SLV Equatorial Guinea - GNQ Eritrea - ERI Estonia - EST Ethiopia - ETH Falkland Islands (Islas Malvinas) - FLK Fiji - FJI Finland - FIN France - FRA French Guiana - GUF French Polynesia - PYF Gabon Republic - GAB Gambia - GMB Georgia - GEO Germany - DEU Ghana - GHA Gibraltar - GIB Greece - GRC Greenland - GRL Grenada - GRD Guadeloupe - GLP Guam - GUM Guatemala - GTM Guernsey - GGY Guinea - GIN Guinea-Bissau - GNB Guyana - GUY Haiti - HTI Honduras - HND Hong Kong - HKG Hungary - HUN Iceland - ISL India - IND Indonesia - IDN Ireland - IRL Israel - ISR Italy - ITA Jamaica - JAM Japan - JPN Jersey - JEY Jordan - JOR Kazakhstan - KAZ Kenya - KEN Kiribati - KIR Korea, South - KOR Kuwait - KWT Kyrgyzstan - KGZ Laos - LAO Latvia - LVA Lebanon - LBN Liechtenstein - LIE Lithuania - LTU Luxembourg - LUX Macau - MAC Macedonia - MKD Madagascar - MDG Malawi - MWI Malaysia - MYS Maldives - MDV Mali - MLI Malta - MLT Marshall Islands - MHL Martinique - MTQ Mauritania - MRT Mauritius - MUS Mayotte - MYT Mexico - MEX Micronesia - FSM Moldova - MDA Monaco - MCO Mongolia - MNG Montenegro - MNE Montserrat - MSR Morocco - MAR Mozambique - MOZ Namibia - NAM Nauru - NRU Nepal - NPL Netherlands - NLD Netherlands Antilles - ANT New Caledonia - NCL New Zealand - NZL Nicaragua - NIC Niger - NER Nigeria - NGA Niue - NIU Norway - NOR Oman - OMN Pakistan - PAK Palau - PLW Panama - PAN Papua New Guinea - PNG Paraguay - PRY Peru - PER Philippines - PHL Poland - POL Portugal - PRT Puerto Rico - PRI Qatar - QAT Reunion - REU Romania - ROU Russian Federation - RUS Rwanda - RWA Saint Helena - SHN Saint Kitts-Nevis - KNA Saint Lucia - LCA Saint Pierre and Miquelon - SPM Saint Vincent and the Grenadines - VCT San Marino - SMR Saudi Arabia - SAU Senegal - SEN Serbia - SRB Seychelles - SYC Sierra Leone - SLE Singapore - SGP Slovakia - SVK Slovenia - SVN Solomon Islands - SLB Somalia - SOM South Africa - ZAF Spain - ESP Sri Lanka - LKA Suriname - SUR Swaziland - SWZ Sweden - SWE Switzerland - CHE Taiwan - TWN Tajikistan - TJK Tanzania - TZA Thailand - THA Togo - TGO Tonga - TON Trinidad and Tobago - TTO Tunisia - TUN Turkey - TUR Turkmenistan - TKM Turks and Caicos Islands - TCA Tuvalu - TUV Uganda - UGA Ukraine - UKR United Arab Emirates - ARE United Kingdom - UK United States - USA Uruguay - URU Uzbekistan - UZB Vanuatu - VUT Vatican City State - VAT Venezuela - VEN Vietnam - VNM Virgin Islands (U.S) - VIR Wallis and Futuna - WLF Western Sahara - ESH Western Samoa - WSM Yemen - YEM Zambia - ZMB Zimbabwe - ZWE. Blackberry Curve 3G 9330 - Black (Verizon) Smartphone VERIZON. Blackberry Curve 3G 9330 Unlocked Mobile Phone *VGC*＋Warranty !. Blackberry Curve 3G 9330 Black (Verizon) Smartphone Cell Phone. Blackberry Curve 3G 9330 Black Smartphone Cell Phone. BlackBerry Curve 9330 3G -Fuchsia Clean ESN (Verizon) #6681. Blackberry Curve 3G 9330 - (Verizon) Smartphone GOOD CONDITION. Sprint Blackberry Curve 3G 9330 Smartphone, Excellent Condition. Cell Phone Verizon Blackberry Curve 3G 9330 **CLEAN IMEI / ESN**. Blackberry Curve 3G 9330 - Purple (Sprint) Smartphone Cell Phone *r*. 3 new & refurbished from $39.59. BlackBerry 9300 9330 8520 3G Curve Battery Door Back Housing Cover Black OEM. For BlackBerry Curve 8520/8530/9300 3G/9330 3G Clear Hard Rubberized Case Cover. BlackBerry 9300 9330 8520 3G Curve Battery Door Back Housing Cover White OEM. BlackBerry Curve 9330 2 Cell Phone For Verizon Silver/Black. Original OEM Blackberry Curve 8520 8530 Curve 3G 9300 9330 Battery C-S2 1150mAh. BlackBerry 9300 9330 8520 3G Curve Battery Door Back Housing Cover Red OEM. For Blackberry Curve 8520 8530 9300 9330 3G Extended Life Battery+Door 1800MAH. OEM BlackBerry Curve 8520, 8530, 9300, 9330 Curve 3G, Embossed Skin Case - Kando. Blackberry Pouch Curve 8520 8530 8500 Curve 3G 9300 9330 Solid White Orange OEM. BlackBerry Curve 3G 9330 Battery Door Cover (Black). BlackBerry 9330 Curve 3G Cell Phone Memory Card 8GB microSDHC Memory Card with. OEM BlackBerry Curve 8520, 8530, 9300, 9330 Curve 3G, Embossed Skin Case - Kando. Women’s Cell Phone Case, Smartphone Wallet Clutch Wristlet Bella w/ Strap. Women's Luxury Wallet Wrist Strap Bag Purse Case for Smartphone Cell Phone. Pink Soft Silicone Case Cover Skin for BlackBerry Curve 8520 8530 3G 9330 9300. For Blackberry Cell Phones Vertical Leather Holster fits w/ Thin Snap Case on. OEM OTTERBOX IMPACT RUBBER SKIN CASE COVER FOR BLACKBERRY BB CURVE 3G 9330 9300. QUAD Grip Universal Smartphone Desk Mount Holder [Flexible Long Wire]. OEM Verizon BlackBerry Curve 3G 9330 Double Cover Case (Pink / White) (Bulk Pack. QUAD Grip Universal Lazy Bed Desktop Mount Holder For Smart Cell Phone. For Apple iPhone:Genuine Blackberry Stereo Handsfree Headset/Headph ones Earphone. BLACKBERRY CURVE 9300 9330 OEM REPLACEMENT LCD LENS DISPLAY GLASS SCREEN REPAIR. 5 new & refurbished from $3.99. BLACKBERRY CURVE 9300 9330 OEM STANDARD BATTERY DOOR REPLACEMENT NEW BACK COVER. 5 new & refurbished from $4.99. For Blackberry Curve 3G 9300 9330 8530 Eco Sound Wireless Bluetooth Headset. Large Rugged Canvas Case Holster fits w/ Otterbox on for Verizon BlackBerry Phon. Large Leather Case Holster fits w/ Otterbox on Verizon BlackBerry Phones. Leather Belt Clip Case Pouch Cover Verizon BlackBerry Phones. AC Adapter for BlackBerry Curve 8530 Smartphone Curve 3G 9330 Power Supply Cord. For Blackberry Cell Phones Velcro Closure Rugged Canvas Belt Clip Case Holster. For Blackberry Cell Phones Large Leather Case Holster fits w/ Otterbox on. STYLISH PREMIUM LEATHER POUCH CASE FOR BLACKBERRY PHONES COVER WITH BELT CLIP. BLACK AUXILIARY CABLE CORD for BLACKBERRY PHONES - JACK 3.5mm CAR AUDIO AUX WIRE. 75 new & refurbished from $4.75. HEAVY DUTY EXPLORER RUGGED POUCH CASE for BLACKBERRY PHONE COVER METAL BELT CLIP. TRAVEL HOME WALL CHARGER FOR BLACKBERRY PHONES - AC POWER ADAPTER CORD NEW. Black Leather Case Holster fits w/ silicone case on For Blackberry Cell Phones. Premium Car Charger Micro USB Adapter w/ Smart IC Chip for RIM Blackberry. For Blackberry Cell Phones Vertical Leather Belt Clip Case Pouch Cover Holster. Micro USB Charger Adapter For Camera Smartphone Wireless Waterproof Cell Phone. Leather Sideways Belt Clip Case Pouch Cover Holster For Blackberry Cell Phones. Heavy Duty Home Travel Wall Charger for BlackBerry Cell Phones ALL CARRIERS NEW!. 3 ft 3.5mm Aux Stereo Audio Flat Cable Cord Male to Male For Cell Phones. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. 1800mAh~ BRAND NEW~~BATTERY DOOR INCLUDED ~~FREE SHIP. Customs services and international tracking provided. BRAND NEW RETAIL PACK~FREE USA SHIPPING~OEM GUARANTEE. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. eBay determines this price through a machine learned model of the product's sale prices within the last 90 days.. eBay determines trending price through a machine learned model of the product’s sale prices within the last 90 days. "New" refers to a brand-new, unused, unopened, undamaged item, and "Used" refers to an item that has been used previously.. Top Rated Plus Sellers with highest buyer ratings Returns, money back Ships in a business day with tracking Learn More. Top Rated Plus Sellers with highest buyer ratings Returns, money back Ships in a business day with tracking Learn More. Cell Phones, Smart Watches & Accessories. Cell Phone Cases, Covers & Skins. $ Enter minimum price to $ Enter maximum price. Please enter a minimum and/or maximum price before continuing.. Site Map Copyright © 1995-2018 eBay Inc. Accessibility , User Agreement , Privacy , Cookies and AdChoice Norton Secured - powered by Verisign. Amounts shown in italicized text are for items listed in currency other than U.S. dollars and are approximate conversions to U.S. dollars based upon Bloomberg's conversion rates. For more recent exchange rates, please use the Universal Currency Converter. Number of bids and bid amounts may be slightly out of date. See each listing for international shipping options and costs.. 
Select the department you want to search in. Sign in Account & Lists Sign in Account & Lists Orders Try Prime Cart. Your Amazon.com Today's Deals Gift Cards Registry Sell Help Disability Customer Support. Cell Phones & Accessories Carrier Phones Unlocked Phones Prime Exclusive Phones Accessories Cases Wearable Technology Best Sellers Deals Trade-In All Electronics. BlackBerry Curve 3G 9330 Phone, Grey (Sprint). Available from these sellers .. 2.4-inch 3G-enabled LCD display, affordable BlackBerry in gray for accessing all your e-mail and messaging plus fast Web browsing and data downloads. 3G speeds via Sprint Mobile Broadband Network; Sprint TV enabled; GPS turn-by-turn directions via Sprint Navigation. Wi-Fi networking; Bluetooth stereo music; microSD expansion to 32 GB; 2-megapixel camera/camcorder; easy access to social networking. Up to 4.5 hours of talk time, up to 252 hours (10.5 days) of standby time; released in September, 2010. What's in the Box: handset, 2 GB microSD memory card, rechargeable battery, microUSB charger, wired stereo headset, USB cable, quick start guide. 3G-enabled, affordable BlackBerry in gray for accessing all your e-mail and messaging plus fast Web browsing and data downloads. 3G speeds via Sprint Mobile Broadband Network; Sprint TV enabled; GPS turn-by-turn directions via Sprint Navigation. Wi-Fi networking; Bluetooth stereo music; microSD expansion to 32 GB; 2-megapixel camera/camcorder; easy access to social networking. Up to 4.5 hours of talk time, up to 252 hours (10.5 days) of standby time; released in September, 2010. What's in the Box: handset, 2 GB microSD memory card, rechargeable battery, microUSB charger, wired stereo headset, USB cable, quick start guide. This shopping feature will continue to load items. In order to navigate out of this carousel please use your heading shortcut key to navigate to the next or previous heading.. Customers who viewed this item also viewed. Page 1 of 1 Start over Page 1 of 1. NEW Sprint BlackBerry Curve 9350 No Contract 3G WiFi 5MP Camera Black Smartphone. Sprint CDMA Blackberry Curve 8530 (Black). This shopping feature will continue to load items. In order to navigate out of this carousel please use your heading shortcut key to navigate to the next or previous heading.. Page 1 of 1 Start over Page 1 of 1. Samsung Admire Prepaid Android Phone, Grey (MetroPCS). Samsung Galaxy Exhibit 4G (T-Mobile), t679. Motorola Droid 2 Global Winter White (Verizon) A956 Smartphone. Samsung Galaxy S II Skyrocket 4G Android Phone, Black (AT&T). Samsung Dart Prepaid Android Phone (T-Mobile). Samsung Galaxy Exhibit White (Metro PCS). Get a $75.00 statement credit after first Amazon.com purchase made with new Discover it® card within 3 months. Find answers in product info, Q&As, reviews. Please make sure that you are posting in the form of a question.. Don't see what you're looking for?. There was a problem completing your request. Please try your search again later.. Balance your busy life at work and home with the BlackBerry Curve 3G (see larger image ). Staying Connected With BlackBerry's push e-mail technology, your e-mail will find you without having to initiate a connection. BlackBerry devices are designed to remain on and continuously connected to the wireless network, notifying you as new e-mail arrives. In addition to the text, you can also receive and view attachments in a wide range of popular file formats, including Microsoft Office, Corel WordPerfect, and Adobe PDF. Key Features Fast 3G connectivity thanks to Sprint's EV-DO, Rev 0 network GPS using Sprint Navigation for turn by turn directions, and points of interest searches Ready for BlackBerry OS 6 (currently runs BlackBerry OS 5) Support for BlackBerry App World featuring a broad and growing catalog of third-party mobile applications developed specifically for BlackBerry smartphones. Categories include travel, productivity, entertainment, games, social networking and sharing, news and weather, and more. 2.4-inch LCD screen (320 x 240 pixels, 65K colors) Full QWERTY keyboard Navigation trackpad 2-megapixel fixed focus camera with video capture capabilities Multi-format digital audio and video player with compatibility for MP3, WMA 9 Pro, AAC+/eAAC+, MPEG4, H.263, H.264, and more. Wi-Fi networking (802.11b/g) Bluetooth connectivity (version 2.1) includes profiles for communication headset, hands-free car kits, and the A2DP Bluetooth profile--enabling you to wirelessly stream your music to a pair of compatible Bluetooth stereo headphones or speaker dock. Included 2 GB microSD card with support for optional cards up to 32 GB. Full messaging capabilities including SMS text, MMS picture/video and IM instant messaging Easy access to social networking BlackBerry Browser for accessing Web sites. Organizer tools including calendar, task list, memo pad, and calculator Airplane mode allows you to listen to music while the cellular connectivity is turned off Integrated hands-free, full duplex speakerphone Voice-activated dialing capabilities 3.5mm headset jack Password protection and keyboard lock Sprint Services Broadband-like 3G network: Supporting the EV-DO Rev. A high-speed data standard, this phone enables you to download and stream high-quality video, straight onto your phone. Where coverage is available, EV-DO Rev. A connectivity provides average download speeds ranging from 400 to 700 Kbps, with peak rates up to 2 Mbps. Sprint TV enabled: With Sprint TV, you can make your cell phone your always-on source for news, weather, sports and more. This comprehensive video service combines high-quality streaming audio and video from channels including the NFL Network, ABC, The Weather Channel, Fox Sports, E!, CNN, The Discovery Channel, and more. Sprint Music Store enabled: The Sprint Music Store enables you to buy, download, and then jam out wherever you are with new songs or old favorites. Offering a growing selection of more than 1.6 million songs, the store provides you two copies of each song--one for the phone and another for the PC, as well as the ability to burn songs to a CD using Windows Media Player. Save your songs to a memory card with a capacity that's right for you. GPS capable with Sprint Navigation: This GPS-enabled phone provides optional access to Sprint Navigation for driving directions on your mobile phone--by voice and onscreen. Along the way, turn-by-turn directions will be announced in a clear voice and displayed on your phone. For example, Sprint Navigation will say, "Go 1.2 miles and turn right on Elm Street." As you approach the turn, you will hear, "Turn right on Elm Street." Sprint Navigation also provides proactive traffic alerts with one click re-routing. And it's easy to find restaurants, banks, cafes, hotels and more from over 10 million points of interest across the U.S. Stay Sporty with Sprint: With NASCAR Sprint Cup Mobile, instantly connect to the NASCAR information you want, when you want it. Follow NASCAR action from practice to race day with real-time leaderboard and alerts. Get exclusive access to your favorite NASCAR Sprint Cup Series driver with real-time driver stats, breaking news and more. Live in-car audio, race radio, NASCAR on SPEED and other audio/video only available on select phones. Equipped with e-mail service, Web browsing, a trackpad interface and a full QWERTY keyboard this mobile phone lets you stay in touch with friends and family and enjoy multiple entertainment options on the go. Slim and affordable like its predecessor, the BlackBerry Curve 3G 9330 for Sprint is a great choice for those who need to be connected to work, friends and family while on the go. The easily pocketable Curve 3G features a comfortable full-QWERTY keyboard for fast, accurate typing, optical trackpad for fluid navigation, and dedicated media keys so you can easily access your tunes while on the go.. You'll be able to access BlackBerry App World to download applications from a broad and growing catalog of third-party mobile applications developed specifically for BlackBerry smartphones, including games, entertainment, social networking and sharing, news and weather, productivity and more. The BlackBerry Curve 3G runs the BlackBerry OS 5, but it's ready for upgrading to BlackBerry OS 6.. In addition to fast 3G speeds from Sprint's high-speed EV-DO network, you'll enjoy GPS navigation capabilities for accessing the optional Sprint Navigation turn-by-turn direction service and Sprint TV's video-on-demand with full-motion video and vivid sound (see more details on optional services below ). The Curve 3G 9330 is also a great choice for a cellular audio player, with access to the Sprint Music Store for over-the-air downloads.. You'll enjoy all the communication and connectivity features you've come to expect from a BlackBerry phone--including e-mail served up by the BlackBerry Internet Service and a full menu of messaging options (SMS, MMS, and IM). The Curve 3G 9330 also provides Wi-Fi networking (802.11b/g) for accessing home and business networks as well as hotspots on the go.. Other features include a 2-megapixel camera/camcorder, included 2 GB microSD memory card (with optional expansion up to 32 GB), Bluetooth 2.1 connectivity for hands-free devices and stereo music streaming, visual voicemail for easier access and response to voicemails, and up to 4.5 hours of talk time.. Browse the web with the integrated, full-featured browser, which quickly and efficiently displays HTML pages as well as enables you to set up RSS feeds to stay connected to up-to-the-minute news and blog posts. And keep up with your contacts using a variety of instant message (IM) networks, including the integrated Blackberry Messenger as well as downloadable clients for Google Talk, Yahoo! Messenger, and Lotus Sametime.. For corporate users, this BlackBerry device delivers all the enterprise e-mail and messaging capabilities you've come to expect. It's supported on the BlackBerry Internet Service, giving you access to up to 8 work or personal e-mail accounts (including most popular ISP e-mail accounts), as well as BlackBerry Enterprise Server, enabling advanced security and IT administration within IBM Lotus Domino, Microsoft Exchange and Novell GroupWise environments.. The BlackBerry Curve 3G 9330 weighs 3.7 ounces and measures 4.3 x 2.4 x 0.55 inches. Its 1150 mAh lithium-ion battery is rated at up to 4.5 hours of talk time, and up to 252 hours (10.5 days) of standby time. It runs on the 800/1900 CDMA/EV-DO Rev. BlackBerry Curve 3G 9330 handset, 2 GB microSD memory card, rechargeable battery, microUSB charger, wired stereo headset, USB cable, quick start guide. To access, just text "NASCAR" to 7777 on your Sprint phone or visit the Sprint Digital Lounge to download NASCAR Sprint Cup Mobile (standard text messaging and data rates apply).. This phone also provides access to Sprint Football Live--free for any phone with a data plan. You'll be able to follow all the live play-by-play action with the Live Game Center for both pro and college football games, as well as stay on top of the pro football draft with a Live Draft Tracker and in-depth analysis and bios on nearly 500 top prospects. Access by texting "FOOTBALL" to 7777 on the handset to download Sprint Football Live from Sprint Digital Lounge (standard text messaging and data rates apply).. 4.3 x 2.4 x 0.6 inches ; 3.68 ounces. Domestic Shipping: Item can be shipped within U.S. International Shipping: This item is not eligible for international shipping. #115,605 in Cell Phones & Accessories ( See Top 100 in Cell Phones & Accessories ). Cell Phones & Accessories > Carrier Cell Phones. Product Warranty: For warranty information about this product, please click here. Would you like to tell us about a lower price ?. 5 star 5 star (0%) 0% 4 star 67% 3 star 3 star (0%) 0% 2 star 33% 1 star 1 star (0%) 0%. Share your thoughts with other customers. There was a problem filtering reviews right now. 2.0 out of 5 stars I CAN'T GET EMAIL ON THIS PHONE.. I CAN'T GET EMAIL ON THIS PHONE.. THE RINGER TURNS IT'S SELF OFF, I'VE PUT IT ON RING AND VIBRATE, BUT IF IT'S NOT IN MY POCKET I DON'T KNOW WHEN I AM GETTING A CALL..I HAVE TAKEN IT TO THE SPRINT STORE, AND IT'S JUST NOT FIXABLE BY THEM... Was this review helpful to you?. 4.0 out of 5 stars Nothing Groundbreaking, Its Reliable, But Missing OS6. I picked up the Blackberry Curve 3G 9330 at my local RadioShack for FREE and walked away with a nice phone at a very reasonable price. The BB Curve 3G has retained everything from the previous Curve models, but now includes 3G which is a must for any phone these days. To offer EDGE is a complete INSULT! It's like someone saying that they still use dial up to access the internet. It still has the same web browser with the ability to zoom in & out with ease. However, a better browser has sadly been missing in action for all BB models since the rise of the iPhone and Android devices that pop up left and right just about every other day. I can safely say that this browser is also one of the best, but it does lack behind the competition. However, the BB excels when it comes to email. Emails are received instantly on BB devices while Android and Apple require that users to hit refresh after accessing their email icon before receiving emails. Of course, the trade off is that the emails don't arrive in full HTML format the way they would appear on a comp screen - another unfortunate trade off. The new BB Curve has chrome colored edges to give it a more high-end fashion feel though it still retains its inexpensive plastic feel which can be a plus or a negative for some. The device is also extremely light weight. Everyone must remember that the Curve series is now known as the entry level line to RIMMs smartphone's. This means that users are subjected to a lower screen resolution that doesn't exactly look the most vibrant or sharpest. Colors just don't pop and the screen looks like a cartoon every time I look at it. Despite this fact, it still plays videos very well. You can load any video to the device's memory card and it will play very fluidly. Sadly, this device doesn't come with BB OS 6 installed. It does state clearly that its OS 6 ready as soon as the software is ready to be released (Hopefully Soon). I am sure by now everyone is sick and tired of the OS 5 and ready to move on. The BB Bold 9700 has been out for about one year and it's practically the same price as this model and most places carry the BB Bold 9700 for free, so I'd recommend going with a higher end model over this. The BB Curve 3G might be aiming for the tweens on a limited budget, but nothing changes the required data plan which ends up making the monthly bill the same despite having a different model device. Pros: Nice price for new smartphone users (Free in most places) Nice fashion colors that only the CURVE series has 3.5 MM headjack Nice form factor New OS (Currently OS 5, but for OS 6 to arrive soon) Excellent call quality Decent Web browser Mini SD up to 32GB Use your songs as ringers 3G Internet Speeds Wi-Fi Personal Email (Up to 10 accounts can be added) IM BB Meesenger BB App World Full HTML Web Browser (Sometimes) Excellent Multimedia Player (Accepts every format possible) Crystal clear screen for playing videos Includes 2 chargers (Wall Charger & USB charger) Includes ear phones Cons: For long time BB users, this device is really just a cosmetic upgrade thats still missing the OS6 Software update Micro USB (No more Mini USB) Camera is only 2.0MP and it should 8.0MP with HD recording capability No Flash on the camera Feels like a plastic toy Poor screen resolution Non RIMM Consumer Changes Mind! Good entry level smartphones for new users who want to save without paying the high price. However, Verizon has pricey data and text messenging plans which are a requirement. It's hard to justify the plan prices for such an average entry level device when Sprint and TMobile offer unlimited everything for only thirty dollars a month. With Verizon, thirty bucks only gets you data and nothing else.. Was this review helpful to you?. 4.0 out of 5 stars What the Curve should have been to begin with!!!!. I just replaced my Curve 8530 with the Curve 3g 9330. What an improvement! Although it didn't come out of the box with OS6, it was a free and easy to do upgrade online to get it. Now you can scroll through screens like the touch screen phones do. Visual Voicemail is a huge bonus with OS6. The only things that would have made this phone better are if the camera was upgraded to at least 3.2mp with flash and if the built in memory was over 512mb. At 1gb RAM and a 5mp camera, this phone would have raised the bar on the best of the standard/basic smartphones. But so many software features were upgraded that it was easy to overlook the camera detail. The RAM was doubled from the last Curve anyway so there was an improvement. Was this review helpful to you?. See and discover other items: blackberry phone , blackberry phones , wifi plans , wireless broadband internet , qwerty keyboard phone blackberry. There's a problem loading this menu right now.. Get fast, free shipping with Amazon Prime. Prime members enjoy FREE Two-Day Shipping and exclusive access to music, movies, TV shows, original audio series, and Kindle books.. Careers About Amazon Investor Relations Amazon Devices. Sell on Amazon Sell Your Services on Amazon Sell on Amazon Business Sell Your Apps on Amazon Become an Affiliate Advertise Your Products Self-Publish with Us › See all. Amazon Rewards Visa Signature Cards Amazon.com Store Card Amazon.com Corporate Credit Line Shop with Points Credit Card Marketplace Reload Your Balance Amazon Currency Converter. Your Account Your Orders Shipping Rates & Policies Amazon Prime Returns & Replacements Manage Your Content and Devices Amazon Assistant Help. Amazon Music Stream millions of songs. Amazon Drive Cloud storage from Amazon. 6pm Score deals on fashion brands. AbeBooks Books, art & collectibles. ACX Audiobook Publishing Made Easy. Alexa Actionable Analytics for the Web. Amazon Business Everything For Your Business. AmazonFresh Groceries & More Right To Your Door. AmazonGlobal Ship Orders Internationally. Home Services Handpicked Pros Happiness Guarantee. Amazon Inspire Digital Educational Resources. Amazon Rapids Fun stories for kids on the go. Amazon Restaurants Food delivery from local restaurants. Amazon Video Direct Video Distribution Made Easy. Amazon Web Services Scalable Cloud Computing Services. Audible Download Audio Books. AudiobookStand Discount Audiobooks on Disc. Book Depository Books With Free Delivery Worldwide. Box Office Mojo Find Movie Box Office Data. ComiXology Thousands of Digital Comics. CreateSpace Indie Print Publishing Made Easy. DPReview Digital Photography. East Dane Designer Men's Fashion. Fabric Sewing, Quilting & Knitting. Goodreads Book reviews & recommendations. IMDb Movies, TV & Celebrities. IMDbPro Get Info Entertainment Professionals Need. Junglee.com Shop Online in India. Kindle Direct Publishing Indie Digital Publishing Made Easy. Prime Now FREE 2-Hour Delivery on Everyday Items. Prime Photos Unlimited Photo Storage Free With Prime. Shopbop Designer Fashion Brands. TenMarks.com Math Activities for Kids & Schools. Warehouse Deals Open-Box Discounts. Whole Foods Market America’s Healthiest Grocery Store. Withoutabox Submit to Film Festivals. Woot! Deals and Shenanigans. Zappos Shoes & Clothing. Souq.com Shop Online in the Middle East. Subscribe with Amazon Discover & try subscription services. Conditions of Use Privacy Notice Interest-Based Ads © 1996-2018, Amazon.com, Inc. 
Home > BlackBerry Reviews > BlackBerry Curve 3G 9330. What's hot: Solidly built, attractive BlackBerry that's extremely affordable.. What's not: Low resolution display and camera.. Reviewed September 23, 2010 by Lisa Gade, Editor. It was the best of times and the worst of times for the BlackBerry Curve line. With the Curve 3G RIM has made a solid, attractive and keenly affordable entry tier BlackBerry smartphone that's OS 6-ready, but alas it doesn't yet ship with OS 6. So you open the box, and if you're a BlackBerry veteran, you see that same old OS that's tried and true but dull as used steel wool. We really wonder why RIM and the carriers didn't hold off until they were ready to ship the Curve 3G with OS 6.0, which would have generated a lot more excitement about this otherwise very decent base model BlackBerry. We can only assume that they wanted a new product on the shelves for the September back to work and back to school season, regardless of OS version. Fortunately, we got our hands on OS 6 for the Verizon version of the Curve 3G, so we can give you a taste of what's to come when RIM releases the official upgrade (we assume this fall).. The Curve 3G is a traditional non-touchscreen BlackBerry smartphone that's packed with the usual push email goodness and social networking aplenty. It has an excellent hardware QWERTY keyboard that's a joy to type on, a compact design that fits easily in the pocket, a QVGA display, 2 megapixel camera, WiFi, Bluetooth and a GPS. To our tastes it looks less budget and plasticky than the outgoing Curve; in fact it looks like a quality 'Berry that matches the build quality and visual appeal of the higher end Curve 8900 .. The 9330 has the usual BlackBerry Curve style 35 key QWERTY keyboard. Some folks prefer the Curve keyboard while others fancy the Bold keyboard, but either way, these are some of the best compact QWERTY keyboards on the market. The now standard optical d-pad is just slightly raised and is easy to access. As always, you can set the trackpad speed to suit your style. The calling, menu and back buttons are mechanical rather than touch sensitive and they live under the gloss panel above the keyboard. Their feel is identical to the Torch buttons, and the only thing we wish RIM had added were separator lines to make it easier to sense button location via tactile feedback (we suppose that would have broken the fluid lines-- even a BlackBerry can be vain).. The sides and back are rubbery and rugged, and the modern Curve multimedia playback controls dominate the top edge. The battery cover is likewise rubbery and patterned, making it easier to grip the phone. That panel is easy to remove but stays firmly in place with no wiggles or creaks. The microSD card slot is located under the battery door, but you need not remove the battery to insert a card. The phone supports SDHC high capacity cards, but no card is included. There are convenience keys on the right side and left side. These are assigned to voice command and the camera (you can change these to any application you wish).. The BlackBerry Curve 3G on Verizon has middle of the road reception in terms of signal. It holds calls reliably and we had no problems with drops. Call quality is very good, with clear voice and reasonable noise reduction. The phone works with Bluetooth headsets, car kits and stereo headsets. There's a 3.5mm stereo jack for wired headsets and the usual rubber-covered volume buttons on the right side. The Curve 3G 9330 ships with Nuance Voice Command, an excellent voice command package. Verizon includes Visual Voicemail and as always, the BlackBerry supports speed dial via the QWERTY keyboard.. The web browser is the usual pitiful BlackBerry OS 5 affair. It's less boggled by Javascript than older BlackBerry models and most desktop sites render decently but slowly. You'll use the optical nav pad to move around the page and press the nav pad to zoom in and select links. We were more impressed with the OS 6 Webkit web browser once we upgraded the phone, though it's not as fast as on the BlackBerry Torch. Our OS 6 isn't final release, and we're sure RIM will continue to fine tune it before and after it's available to the public.. Other Goodies: Multimedia, Camera and GPS. The Curve 3G has both music and video players that are decent (and will be improved in OS 6). We're particularly fond of the hardware multimedia playback controls on top of the phone. With a large microSD card, the Curve can keep you entertained for hours. What we don't like is the small QVGA display. That resolution is so old school, and icons and text don't look great. Granted, text is larger and thus more readable than the Curve 8900 with its tiny display and higher resolution, but it's time to put QVGA and tiny LCDs to bed. The display is bright and reasonably colorful, and the ambient light sensor works well to match brightness to the environment.. The camera utilizes a fixed focus lens and there's no flash-- this is no shutterbug's camera phone. But it does take fairly sharp, well exposed shots outdoors and in brightly lit indoor settings. The video camera can shoot up to QVGA resolution and there's a standard MMS resolution option. Remember, this is a budget BlackBerry, so you won't get high specs and features; but that said, the camera isn't too bad.. VZ Navigator is on board for maps and spoken directions. The service costs $10/month (there are shorter use plans available), and it worked reliably in our tests. Other location-based applications can use the GPS too.. Here's our video review of the BlackBerry Curve 3G 9330 on Verizon:. BlackBerry OS 6 on the Curve 3G 9330 Video Review. The Curve 9300 family is upgradable to OS 6.0, and that new OS should be available by the end of 2010. It's one of the Curve 3G's strongest selling points for BlackBerry owners looking to upgrade their phone. The new OS brings a more modern and simple user interface to BlackBerry smartphones and it has a capable Webkit-based web browser that puts it on par with other smartphone platforms. RIM has also improved the music and video players and greatly simplified phone settings. As of this writing, the BlackBerry Torch is the only phone shipping with OS 6, and we compare the Torch with the Curve 3G running OS 6. The new OS is easy to navigate even without a touch screen, though we do find the home screen easier to use with touch. Once you've used OS 6, it's hard to go back, and we think you'll like it just as much as we do.. The BlackBerry Curve 3G 9330 on Verizon is a solid entry level BlackBerry with better than average looks for a Curve and a wonderfully low price. While the specs won't send you to the upgrade hotline if you're a current Curve user, the phone is better looking and faster than the last gen Curve on Verizon. More importantly, it's upgradable to BlackBerry OS 6, and for you 'Berry addicts, that is worth the price of the upgrade.. Price: $29.99 with a 2 year contract after rebates. Websites: www.blackberry.com , www.verizonwireless.com. Display: 2.46" color display, resolution:. This is not a touch screen.. Claimed talk time: up to 4.5 hours.. Performance: 624 MHz processor. 256 MB built-in RAM, 512 megs flash ROM.. Phone: CDMA dual band digital with 3G EV-DO Rev.. Camera: 2 MP with fixed focus lens and 5x digital zoom. Can take photos and shoot video.. in speaker, mic and 3.5mm standard stereo headphone. Bluetooth profiles: headset, handsfree, A2DP stereo, serial port, phone book access and DUN.. Software: BlackBerry OS 5.. 
BlackBerry Curve 3G 9330 3G - Fuchsia (Verizon Wireless). Blackberry Curve 3G 9330 - charcoal gray (Verizon Wireless). Speakerphone, call timer, conference call, vibrating alert. WMA, Ogg Vorbis, AMR, MP3, FLAC, AAC-LC, AAC +, eAAC+. microSDHC - up to 32 GB. Up to 19 days (GSM), Up to 14.5 Days (WCDMA). Talk (CDMA): up to 270 min Standby (CDMA): up to 252 hrs Playback (music): up to 15 hrs. BlackBerry Curve 3G 9330 3G - Fuchsia (Verizon Wireless). Visit manufacturer site for details.. CNET earns fees when you click these offers.. Best Phones for 2018. See All. Samsung’s king of phones is excellent, but you'll pay a pretty penny for stylus privileges.. A radical redesign that's nearly all screen includes a new cutting-edge facial recognition.... LG just gave Samsung a run for the money.. But we're still waiting on the Siri-like AI.. The Pixel 2's superb camera makes it worth a look.. CNET may earn fees when you click through to a partner site.. 
National Accessibility Customer Service Skip to Main Content. Use arrow keys to access sub-menus and sub-menu links, this may require a mode change. In the meantime, explore some of our products and services:. Browse a selection of Phones, Devices & Plans. Note: Not all devices and plans are available for purchase at this alternate site. 
more ... more .... more ... more .... BlackBerry Curve 3G 9330 vs BlackBerry Curve 8520 Size compare. Device type Smart phone Smart phone. Dimensions 4.29 x 2.36 x 0.55 inches (109 x 60 x 14 mm) 4.29 x 2.36 x 0.55 inches (109 x 60 x 13.9 mm). Weight 3.70 oz (105 g) the average is 5.6 oz (159 g) 3.74 oz (106 g) the average is 5.6 oz (159 g). Features Full keyboard, Optical Mouse (Touchpad) Full keyboard. Physical size 2.4 inches 2.6 inches. Resolution 320 x 240 pixels 320 x 240 pixels. Pixel density - The pixel density of a display represents the number of pixels over an area of one inch. It’s measured in “pixels per inch”, or ppi. The higher the number, the more detailed and good-looking the display is.. Technology - There are two main screen technologies currently used in phones and tablets: LCD and AMOLED. The former usually features a light source and liquid crystals, while the latter is based on organic light-emitting diodes. Newer LCD variations like IPS-LCD and Super-LCD allow for very accurate color reproduction and very wide viewing angles, where no significant image quality loss is observed. Current AMOLED screens differ in such a way that they can exhibit much more saturated colors (sometimes too much) and incredibly high contrast levels, which is due to black color being completely black in AMOLED displays.. Screen-to-body ratio - Shows what part of the frontal area of a phone its screen occupies.. Software Features Digital zoom Digital zoom. 0.5 GB RAM / 512 MB ROM 0.1 GB RAM / 256 MB ROM. Processor - The processor is the main computing component of a phone and is a major factor when it comes to the overall speed of the device. Some more powerful smartphones use dual-core and quad-core processors designed to deliver greater performance.. System memory - System memory, or RAM memory is the type of memory that the device uses to temporarily store data from the OS or currently-running apps. The more RAM available to the device, the better the performance will be when multiple or heavier programs are running.. Storage expansion - Some handsets allow you to expand their storage capacity by using a memory expansion card – most often microSD. Expansion memory is mostly suitable for media storage, such as photo, video or music content.. Talk time 4.50 hours the average is 20 h (1229 min) 4.50 hours the average is 20 h (1229 min). Stand-by time 10.5 days (252 hours) the average is 21 days (502 h) 17.0 days (408 hours) the average is 21 days (502 h). Capacity - The bigger, the better! However, battery capacity is not the only factor that has an effect on battery life. Those include the chipset in use, the software running on the device, as well as the consumer's unique usage pattern.. CDMA - Code Division Multiple Access. A technique of multiplexing, also called spread spectrum, in which analog signals are converted into digital form for transmission. For each communication channel, the signals are encoded in a sequence known to the transmitter and the receiver for that channel. The foremost application is digital cellular phone technology from QUALCOMM that operates in the 800MHz band and 1.9GHz PCS band. CDMA phones are noted for their excellent call quality and long battery life.. Notifications Service lights, Music ringtones (MP3), Polyphonic ringtones (32 voices), Vibration, Flight mode, Silent mode, Speakerphone Service lights, Music ringtones (MP3), Vibration, Phone profiles, Speakerphone. Other features Voice dialing, Voice commands, Voice recording Voice dialing, Voice commands, Voice recording. Wi-Fi 802.11 b, g 802.11 b, g. Other Tethering, Computer sync, OTA sync UMA (Wi-Fi Calling), Computer sync. Positioning - This field shows the positioning systems supported by the device. The most common types are GPS and A-GPS.. GPS - This is one of the most widespread global positioning technologies, developed and maintained by the U.S. It uses satellites in order to detect your location. A-GPS - A-GPS stands for Assisted GPS and is the industry standard for positioning and navigation. “Assisted” means that it can use local wireless networks, in addition to satellites, for quicker and more precise localization.. FCC ID value: L6ARCG40GW link. FCC approval - The Federal Communications Commission (FCC) is an independent United States government agency, directly responsible to Congress. The FCC was established by the Communications Act of 1934 and is charged with regulating interstate and international communications by radio, television, wire, satellite and cable. The FCC's jurisdiction covers the 50 states, the District of Columbia, and U.S. Every wireless phone device that is sold in the U.S. has to be tested and approved for sale by the FCC.. Date approved - Shows the date when the particular phone is approved by the Federal Communications Commission. FCC measured SAR - Working closely with federal health and safety agencies, such as the Food and Drug Administration (FDA), the FCC has adopted limits for safe exposure to radiofrequency (RF) energy. These limits are given in terms of a unit referred to as the Specific Absorption Rate (SAR), which is a measure of the amount of radio frequency energy absorbed by the body when using a mobile phone. The FCC requires cell phone manufacturers to ensure that their phones comply with these objective limits for safe exposure. Any cell phone at or below these SAR levels (that is, any phone legally sold in the U.S.) is a "safe" phone, as measured by these standards. The FCC limit for public exposure from cellular telephones is an SAR level of 1.6 watts per kilogram (1.6 W/kg).. To see the full specifications with in-depth details click here.. Samsung Galaxy A8 (2018) Review 6.5. Sony Xperia XA2 and Xperia XA2 Ultra Review 7.8. Huawei Mate 10 Lite Review 8. Jabra Elite 65t wireless earphones Review 8.5. Samsung Galaxy Note 3 vs Samsung Galaxy Note 2. LG V30 Review 8.8. The Samsung Galaxy S9 and S9+ have game-changing cameras with variable aperture and 960fps slow-mo video recording. The Big Barcelona Camera Comparison: iPhone X vs Pixel 2 XL vs Note 8. Samsung Galaxy S9 and S9+ rumor review: Specs, design, features, price and release date. Sony presents Xperia XZ2 and XZ2 Compact: new design and Snapdragon 845. Galaxy S9 Exynos edition gets benchmarked against rivals!. Galaxy S9 first camera comparison vs iPhone X, V30, S8. Samsung Galaxy S9 & S9+ hands-on. MWC 2018: top smartphones to expect. Best smartphone you can buy in 2018. Allo is a quality app, but Google isn't giving it a real chance. All content (phone reviews, news, specs, info), design and layouts are Copyright 2001-2018 phoneArena.com. Reproduction in whole or in part or in any form or medium without written permission is prohibited! Privacy. 
Submitted by Adam Zeis on Fri, 03/08/2013 - 21:28. BlackBerry Curve 3G RSS Feed All BlackBerry Curve 3G Pages BlackBerry Curve 3G Help BlackBerry Curve 3G News BlackBerry Curve 3G Forum BlackBerry Curve 3G Features & Specs BlackBerry Curve 3G Review Free Ringtones Free Wallpapers. Model Curve 9300 Screen Resolution 320x240 Announced 14 Sep 2010 Released 14 Sep 2010. Looking back: History shows BlackBerry is no Henry Ford. By Adam Zeis 37 comments. A few weeks back we ran a poll asking. what color options you'd want to see for BlackBerry 10 devices. While a good number of you said you'd want to see many color options, most people simply want black and white. - "You can have it in any color, as long as it's.... Pink BlackBerry Curve 9300 exclusive to Phones 4 U. By DJ Reyes 30 comments. I am not particularly a fan of the color pink when it comes to gadgets ... or sports gear for that matter. I've always hated when I go to a "ladies" section on sports websites, only to find that it just means they have the gear pink -- Not really my style. Of course for others, pink is all they.... Official OS 6.0.0.723 for the BlackBerry Torch 9800, Curve 9300 and Pearl 9100/9105. By Adam Zeis 26 comments. A few new official OS' rocking the interwebs for the BlackBerry Torch 9800, Curve 9300 and Pearl 3G users. OS 6.0.0.723 is now available for download for all these devices. If you're looking to update you device, grab the appropriate OS from the link below, then hit the forums to let us know.... Official OS 6.0.0.706 for the BlackBerry Curve 3G 9330 and Style 9670 from Sprint. By Adam Zeis 13 comments. Sprint has officially releases OS 6.0.0.706 for the BlackBerry Curve 3G 9330 and Style 9670 today. If you're sporting a one of these devices from Sprint, it's been a while since we've had an official update, so grab this one and give it a spin. Not many reports in yet on what's new and good, so.... Verizon offers up BlackBerry Curve 3G online with $10 social messaging plan. By Adam Zeis 21 comments. Verizon is offering up a pretty sweet online-only deal for social messaging junkies. You can pick up a brand new Blackberry Curve 3G (9330) on a 2-year contract for just $49.99 (after $50 instant rebate) bundled with their $10 social messaging plan. The discounted plan isn't an all out.... Official OS 6.0.0.666 for the BlackBerry Bold 9700, Bold 9780, Curve 9300 and Torch 9800 now available from SmarTone-Vodafone. By Adam Zeis 121 comments. Wow - that's a lot of 6's. While we're not the biggest fan of the numbering on this OS - a new OS is a new OS, right?. SmarTone-Vodafone has released OS 6.0.0.666 for the BlackBerry Bold 9700,Bold 9780, Torch 9800 and Curve 9300. Nothing in yet on what's new with this one, but if you're rolling.... O2 UK releases OS 6.0.0.600 for BlackBerry Torch 9800, Bold 9780 and Curve 9300. By DJ Reyes 5 comments. BlackBerry OS 6.0.0.600 has already been leaked for some time for the BlackBerry Torch, BlackBerry Bold 9870 and BlackBerry Curve 3G models. We then started to see carriers slowly started to release official versions. The next carrier to release 6.0.0.600 is O2 UK. So if you're an O2 customer.... Leaked OS 6.0.0.600 for the BlackBerry Curve 9300. By Adam Zeis 7 comments. Looks like the BlackBerry Curve 9300 users get some Friday lovin' as well. We have leaked OS 6.0.0.600 ready for the taking. Again, hot off the presses so be sure to drop a comment if you do install. Let us know the good, bad and ugly for this guy. Pop out those USB cables and get on it!. White BlackBerry Curve 3G heading to Phones4u UK. By Yousif Abdullah 1 comment. If black is not your style or you wish to follow in CrackBerry Kevin's footsteps, then you might be interested to hear that the BlackBerry Curve 3G is heading to Phones4u in the UK, in white. Alongside the smoky violet and pink models, the exclusive white model is a definitive choice for those.... Official OS 6.0.0.546 for the Curve 3G 9300 from du. By Adam Zeis 4 comments. Another new OS for the Curve 3G 9300 owners today. This one comes as OS 6.0.0.546 from du. It looks to be a good one so far, so if you have the time them fire up App Loader and get it installed. If you're unsure you can always wait on some more reports before you make your decision. Koodo BlackBerry Curve 3G drops to $200 no-contract. By Bla1ze 20 comments. We like deals -- we especially like deal that involve folks being able to pick up a brand new BlackBerry device on the cheap, and Koodoo is joining the ranks, if only for a limited time -- of people we like offering good deals. That's right, if you find yourself needing a new BlackBerry device.... Leaked OS 6.0.0.534 for the BlackBerry Curve 3G 9300. By Bla1ze 11 comments. Another leaked OS for you all from the forums, this time the BlackBerry Curve 3G 9300 gets the love. As usual, be careful when updating your device and be sure to make a backup before loading this one up. *OS Disclaimer - Please Read: Keep in mind this is NOT an official.... 1 2 3 4 5 next › last ». Looking back: History shows BlackBerry is no Henry Ford. Pink BlackBerry Curve 9300 exclusive to Phones 4 U. Official OS 6.0.0.723 for the BlackBerry Torch 9800, Curve 9300 and Pearl 9100/9105. Official OS 6.0.0.706 for the BlackBerry Curve 3G 9330 and Style 9670 from Sprint. Verizon offers up BlackBerry Curve 3G online with $10 social messaging plan. Official OS 6.0.0.666 for the BlackBerry Bold 9700, Bold 9780, Curve 9300 and Torch 9800 now available from SmarTone-Vodafone. O2 UK releases OS 6.0.0.600 for BlackBerry Torch 9800, Bold 9780 and Curve 9300. Leaked OS 6.0.0.600 for the BlackBerry Curve 9300. White BlackBerry Curve 3G heading to Phones4u UK. Official OS 6.0.0.546 for the Curve 3G 9300 from du. 9 replies | Last reply 1 day ago. 9 replies | Last reply 1 day ago. 19 replies | Last reply 2 months ago. BBM.Associating BBM with your Blackberry ID. 3 replies | Last reply 1 year ago. 3 replies | Last reply 1 year ago. Recovered curve 3g but out of date bb world. 6 replies | Last reply 1 year ago. Looking back: History shows BlackBerry is no Henry Ford. Pink BlackBerry Curve 9300 exclusive to Phones 4 U. Official OS 6.0.0.723 for the BlackBerry Torch 9800, Curve 9300 and Pearl 9100/9105. Official OS 6.0.0.706 for the BlackBerry Curve 3G 9330 and Style 9670 from Sprint. Verizon offers up BlackBerry Curve 3G online with $10 social messaging plan. The BlackBerry Curve 9300 was a refresh on the Curve 8500 series. LIke its predecessor, the BlackBerry Curve 9300 was geared very specifically at an entry-level audience. The BlackBerry Curve 3G 9300 was released September 2010.. Next up → BlackBerry Style 9670. Careers: Writer | Dev. 
Home Shop MWC News Reviews Features Opinions Videos The Gadgets 360 Show Cell Guru Prime Tech Smartphone Reviews Tech and Gadget Reviews How-To Videos Video Game Reviews and Features Top Lists by Gadgets 360 Unboxing and Hands-On Videos Podcasts Compare Mobiles Phone Finder DEALS. Mobiles Tablets Apps Gaming Cameras PC/Laptops AUDIO/VIDEO How To Telecom Science INDIA INTERNET SOCIAL MEDIA WEARABLES हिंदी. Acer Adcom Alcatel Apple Archos Asus BlackBerry Blu Celkon Coolpad Datawind Fly Gionee HTC Huawei iBall iBerry Idea InFocus Intex iVoomi Jivi Karbonn Lava LeEco Lenovo LG Lyf Maxx Mobile Meizu Micromax Microsoft Motorola MTS Nokia Obi Oppo Panasonic Philips Ringing Bells Samsung Sony Spice Swipe Videocon Vivo Wickedleak Xiaomi Xolo Yu Zen Ziox Zopo ZTE. Home Mobiles Phone Finder BlackBerry Curve 3G 9330. Share on Facebook Tweet Share Share Email Reddit. BlackBerry Curve 3G 9330 smartphone was launched in September 2010. The phone comes with a 2.46-inch display with a resolution of 240 pixels by 320 pixels at a PPI of 163 pixels per inch. It comes with 512MB of RAM. The phone packs 512MB of internal storage that can be expanded up to 32GB via a microSD card. As far as the cameras are concerned, the BlackBerry Curve 3G 9330 packs a 2-megapixel primary camera on the rear The BlackBerry Curve 3G 9330 runs BlackBerry OS 5 and is powered by a 1150mAh removable battery. It measures 109.00 x 60.00 x 13.90 (height x width x thickness) and weigh 106.00 grams. The BlackBerry Curve 3G 9330 is a single SIM (CDMA) smartphone that accepts a Regular-SIM. Connectivity options include Wi-Fi, GPS, Bluetooth and 3G. Sensors on the phone include Ambient light sensor.. BlackBerry Curve 3G 9330 detailed specifications. Release date September 2010 Form factor Bar Dimensions (mm) 109.00 x 60.00 x 13.90 Weight (g) 106.00 Battery capacity (mAh) 1150 Removable battery Yes Colours Black. Screen size (inches) 2.46 Touchscreen No Resolution 240x320 pixels Pixels per inch (PPI) 163. RAM 512MB Internal storage 512MB Expandable storage Yes Expandable storage type microSD Expandable storage up to (GB) 32. Rear camera 2-megapixel Rear Flash No Front camera No. Wi-Fi Yes GPS Yes Bluetooth Yes, v 2.10 NFC No Infrared No USB OTG No Headphones 3.5mm FM No Number of SIMs 1 SIM 1 SIM Type Regular GSM/CDMA CDMA 3G Yes 4G/ LTE No Supports 4G in India (Band 40) No. Compass/ Magnetometer No Proximity sensor No Accelerometer No Ambient light sensor Yes Gyroscope No Barometer No Temperature sensor No. Error or missing information? Please let us know. User ratings and reviews for BlackBerry Curve 3G 9330. 0 Out of 5. 5 Star 4 Star 3 Star 2 Star 1 Star. BlackBerry Motion BlackBerry Aurora BlackBerry KEYone BlackBerry DTEK60 BlackBerry DTEK50 BlackBerry Priv BlackBerry Porsche Design P9983 Graphite BlackBerry Leap BlackBerry Classic Non Camera BlackBerry Classic BlackBerry Passport BlackBerry Porsche Design P9983 BlackBerry Z3 BlackBerry Porsche Design P9982 BlackBerry Z30 BlackBerry 9720 BlackBerry Q5 BlackBerry Q10 BlackBerry Z10 BlackBerry Torch 9860 BlackBerry Torch 9810 BlackBerry Torch 9800 BlackBerry Style 9670 BlackBerry Porsche Design P9981 BlackBerry Curve 9380 BlackBerry Curve 9360 BlackBerry Curve 9350 BlackBerry Curve 9320 BlackBerry Curve 9220 BlackBerry Curve 8900. Nokia 8 Dual Sim vs. Blackberry Curve 3g 9330 Blackberry Curve 9350 vs. Blackberry Curve 3g 9330 Samsung Galaxy Star Pro vs. Blackberry Curve 3g 9330 Alcatel One Touch Pop C1 vs. Blackberry Curve 3g 9330 Intex Aqua Octa vs. Blackberry Curve 3g 9330 Blackberry Z3 vs. Blackberry Curve 3g 9330 Asus Zenfone 4 A400cg vs. Blackberry Curve 3g 9330 Sony Xperia T2 Ultra Dual vs. Blackberry Curve 3g 9330 Videocon A53 vs. Blackberry Curve 3g 9330 Blackberry Curve 3g 9330 vs. Nokia 7 Plus Is an Android One Phone With Dual Rear Cameras, Zeiss Optics Samsung Galaxy S9, Galaxy S9+ With Improved Cameras, AR Emoji Launched Samsung Galaxy S9, Galaxy S9+ Pre-Orders Now Open in India Nokia 7 Plus vs Nokia 7 Sony Xperia XZ2, Xperia XZ2 Compact With 18:9 Displays Launched at MWC Nokia 8110 4G Is a 'Slider' Feature Phone With Google, Facebook Apps OnePlus 5, OnePlus 5T HD Content Streaming Issue Fixed, With a Catch Sony Unveils Xperia Ear Duo to Answer Apple AirPods, Samsung Gear IconX Mi MIX 2S With Snapdragon 845 Confirmed by Xiaomi; Launching on March 27 Vodafone to Offer 4.5GB Data Per Day for 28 Days at Rs. Samsung phones price list Lyf phones price list Micromax phones price list Sony phones price list Htc phones price list Lenovo phones price list Intex phones price list Lava phones price list Apple phones price list Nokia phones price list Xolo phones price list Lg phones price list Vivo phones price list Oppo phones price list Gionee phones price list Motorola phones price list Blackberry phones price list Xiaomi phones price list. Sitemaps Archives Advertise About Us Feedback Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions Complaint Redressal Careers Contact Us RSS Ethics BlackBerry Curve 3G 9330 in Hindi. © Copyright Red Pixels Ventures Limited 2018. Subject Comments. 
How to Block a Number on Any Phone. How to Build Your Smart Home. How to Create an Anonymous Email Account. How to Save Money on Your Cell Phone Plan. How to Set Up Two-Factor Authentication. How to Set Up and Configure Your Wireless Router. Tips Every Amazon Addict Should Know. Hard Drives, Storage, Networking & Backup. Back Antivirus, Safety & Security. Back Browsers & Operating Systems. Best HR Software & Management Systems. Best Self-Service Business Intelligence (BI) Tools. Best Social Media Management & Analytics Tools. Back Cameras & Photo/Video Editing. Best Video Editing Software for Enthusiasts. Best Samsung Galaxy S8 and S8+ Cases. Best Samsung Galaxy Note 8 Cases. Best MacBook Air Cases and Sleeves. Back Smart Home & Wearables. Back Hard Drives, Storage, Networking & Backup. Back Keyboards, Mice, Monitors & Speakers. Back Shows, Events & Holiday. Back TVs & Streaming Media. Best Managed WordPress Web Hosting Services. Best Small Business Web Hosting Services. BlackBerry Curve 3G 9330 (Verizon Wireless). The BlackBerry Curve 3G 9330 is a minor spec bump designed to make the popular Curve ready for the new OS 6. BlackBerry Curve 3G 9330 (Verizon Wireless). Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. blog comments powered by Disqus. PCMag reviews products independently , but we may earn affiliate commissions from buying links on this page.. App selection still behind the competition.. The BlackBerry Curve 3G 9330 is a minor spec bump designed to make the popular Curve ready for the new OS 6.. Preview: The new BlackBerry Curve 3G 9330 is almost exactly the same as the previous Curve 8530, with one critical change: a new 512MB RAM chip that makes the device ready for a BlackBerry 6 upgrade.. The new BlackBerry 6 OS brings a much better Web browser, better media features, and potentially better third-party apps to the BlackBerry line. To see how it runs on another non-touch-screen BlackBerry, check out our review of Sprint's BlackBerry Style 9670 ($99.99, 3.5 stars). The upgrade isn't ready yet, but various BlackBerry forums have shown leaked versions of the code, so we're confident it will come pretty soon. For now, though, the 9330 looks and behaves almost exactly like its predecessor (although the new model comes in a striking fuschia color.). As this is such a minor change from the previous model, we're not fully reviewing or rating this product. Instead, please check out our review of the Verizon BlackBerry Curve 8530 (free, 3.5 stars). Even though the 8530 is currently free with contract, we'd strongly recommend paying the $50 more for the new model so that you don't get left behind as the BlackBerry world moves to the new OS.. BlackBerry Curve 3G 9330 (Verizon Wireless). Bottom Line: The BlackBerry Curve 3G 9330 is a minor spec bump designed to make the popular Curve ready for the new OS 6.. RIM BlackBerry Curve 9310 (Boost Mobile). RIM BlackBerry Curve 9310 (Verizon Wireless). RIM BlackBerry Curve 9370 (Verizon Wireless). PCMag.com's lead mobile analyst, Sascha Segan, has reviewed hundreds of smartphones, tablets and other gadgets in more than 13 years with PCMag. He's the head of our Fastest Mobile Networks project, hosts our One Cool Thing daily Web show, and writes opinions on tech and society.. Segan is also a multiple award-winning travel writer. Hands On With Lenovo's Flex 14 and Yoga 730. Hands On With Lenovo's New Chromebooks. Carriers Tout Galaxy S9 Prices, Speeds. Hands On With the LG V30S+ ThinQ. PCMag reviews products independently , but we may earn affiliate commissions from buying links on this page.. Get Our Best Stories! Email Sign Up. Subscribe to What's New Now. This newsletter may contain advertising, deals, or affiliate links. Subscribing to a newsletter indicates your consent to our Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. You may unsubscribe from the newsletters at any time.. Tech on a Budget: 35 Gift Ideas Under $20. 28 Hidden iOS 11 Tips You Need to Know. 13 Must-Have Tech Gifts Under $50. 10 Games Every Nintendo Switch Player Needs. TV Shows to Watch if You Love 'Stranger Things'. How to Master iOS 11's New Control Center. How to Play DVDs in Windows 10. How to Stop Blue Light From Disturbing Your Sleep. PC, PC Magazine and PC PCMag.com are among the federally registered trademarks of Ziff Davis, LLC and may not be used by third parties without explicit permission.. We have updated our PRIVACY POLICY and encourage you to read it by clicking here .. 
(Redirected from BlackBerry Curve 9300 ). Curve 8300 Series [ edit ]. Curve 8500 Series [ edit ]. Curve 9300 3G [ edit ]. BlackBerry 7 series [ edit ]. Blackberry Curve 9220/9310/9320/9321 [ edit ]. BlackBerry Curve 9350/9360/9370 [ edit ]. Blackberry Curve 9380 Series [ edit ]. 8300, 8310, 8320, 8330, and 8350i. 320 × 240 px [8] [9]. 480 × 360 px , [10] 2.4" (built on 100. 320 × 240 px [11] [12] [13] [14]. Bluetooth 2.0 + A2DP [16] [17] [18] [19] [20] [21]. Bluetooth 2.1 + A2DP [22] [23] [24]. May 10, 2007 [nb 2] [26] [27]. BlackBerry 7 series [ edit ]. 480 x 360 px , [33] [34] 2.4" (built on 100. 480 x 360 px, 3.2" (built on 140. 320 x 240 pixels, 2.4", (built on 150. Bluetooth 2.1 + A2DP [22] [23] [24]. This article includes a list of related items that share the same name (or similar names). If an internal link incorrectly led you here, you may wish to change the link to point directly to the intended article.. This article may require cleanup to meet Wikipedia's quality standards. No cleanup reason has been specified. Please help improve this article if you can. (May 2011) ( Learn how and when to remove this template message ). BlackBerry Curve is a brand of professional smartphones that have been manufactured by BlackBerry Ltd since 2007.. 1.1 Curve 8300 Series. 1.3 Curve 8500 Series. 1.4 Curve 9300 3G. 2 BlackBerry 7 series. 2.1 Blackberry Curve 9220/9310/9320/9321. 2.2 BlackBerry Curve 9350/9360/9370. 2.3 Blackberry Curve 9380 Series. 3.2 BlackBerry 7 series. The BlackBerry Curve brand was introduced on May 3, 2007 with OS version 4.5 [1] with the Curve 8300 series. The Curve brand continued the "consumer-oriented" philosophy of the BlackBerry Pearl and 8800 series, including multimedia features and a built-in camera. As is customary for BlackBerry devices, the 8300 series consists of several models offered by different wireless providers, supporting that provider's network along with specific services.. In total, 5 variants were released; 8300, 8310, 8320, 8330 and 8350i. The 8300, 8310, and 8320 are able to support North American and European GSM technologies. Later in 2007, the 8310 was launched with GPS. At the end of 2007, Research in Motion announced the 8320 featuring Wi-Fi but lacking a GPS receiver.. In early 2008, which is Verizon Wireless and Research in Motion the first CDMA Curve, the Curve 8330. This phone also featured upgraded memory as well and GPS. MHz range for CDMA2000 and 1xEV-DO. It was also the first Curve to have video recording at 240 x 176 resolution in 3GP format.. The 8350i was the last of the 8300 series to come out, which supported the 800/900. MHz iDEN and Push-to-Talk. It had 128 MB of memory and weighed 135g.. CNET 's Bonnie Cha gave the Curve an "Excellent" rating. However, she found the Curve 8300's lack of 3G and Wi-Fi disappointing. Also disappointing was the phone's lack of video-recording capabilities. Call quality was determined to be subpar and calls sounded hollow on the Curve 8300. [3] While the 8300 as originally released lacked Video Recording and Voice Note Recording, these functions have been provided with the Blackberry OS 4.5 release.. The Blackberry 8900 was released in early 2009 with OS version 5.0 as a quad-band GSM/GPRS/EDGE phone and named the Curve 8900. The device is an upgrade over the older 8300 model, with the most significant differences being a 3.2-megapixel camera, a micro-USB port, Wi-Fi, and an upgraded operating system.. The initial release was in February 2009 on T-Mobile but was later released on AT&T as well. This phone is known as Blackberry Javelin in Asia. @ China Mobile versions were released the 8910 in 2010 and 2011 the 8980. The 8910 is identical except for the removal of wifi to comply with Chinese regulations at the time. [4] The 8980 design is radically different from the 8900 or 8910; its design cues are virtually identical to the Blackberry Bold 9700/9780/9788 series but lacking 3G capabilities; the 8980's keyboard is the typical Curve "chicklet".. While not as positive as other BlackBerry phones, the reviews of the Curve 8900 were mostly positive with praise for the improvements made over previous models but was criticized for the lack of 3G and a relatively slow processor. The 8900 was also praised for its new, stylish and confident look.. BlackBerry Curve 8520 Track Pad. The BlackBerry Curve 8500 series was announced in July 2009 and released the following August with OS version 5.0. This series continued Research in Motion's developing "consumer-oriented" philosophy of the BlackBerry Pearl and Curve 8300 series smartphones with the inclusion of additional multimedia features. It was also the first blackberry to introduce the new trackpad vs the trackball in previous models. A CDMA version was released as the Curve 8530.. The BlackBerry Curve 3G 9300, with original OS version 6.0, is a mid-range smartphone developed by Research in Motion and was the first Curve device to function on 3G networks. The 9300, and its CDMA counterpart, the Curve 9330, also contained some minor improvements over the 8500 series including a faster processor and the ability to upgrade the OS to BlackBerry 6. [5] The BlackBerry Curve 9300 series also continued with the dedicated media keys on the top first introduced with the BlackBerry Curve 8500 Series. The Curve 9300 was released on Rogers Wireless in Canada on Aug 4, 2010.. This series of BlackBerry Curves are low end models developed mainly for developing economies and budget conscious BlackBerry consumers. They are stripped down versions of the mid-range Curve 9350/60/70 series, with a lower resolution screen, lower camera resolution and thicker design but a bigger battery. Unique features include a dedicated BBM convenience key and FM Receiver. The 9320 and 9321 is the 3G GSM variety and was released in May 2012. The 9310 is the CDMA variety was released July 2012. The 9220 is a 2G GSM and was launched first in India April 19, 2012. All phones run on Blackberry OS. There is No Java Support on BlackBerry Curve 9320. The Curve 9350/9360/9370 are mid-range models in the Curve series announced in August 2011 and released September 2011 with OS version 7.1. The Curve 9350 series has a slimmer, lighter-weight design with improved technical specifications over the Curve 9300 series and also runs BlackBerry OS 7.1. The 9370 is a CDMA/GSM World Edition, the 9360 is a 3G GSM/HSPA+ variant, and the 9350 is a CDMA only variant. The series of phones includes a 5-megapixel camera with an LED flash and uses an 800mhz single core processor.. All the phones include NFC , Wi-Fi Calling and FM radio with the OS 7.1 upgrade. The 9370 has more eMMC memory than its siblings at 1. GB as compared to 512 MB. A 4G version was available with select carriers eventually. The Curve 9380, announced in November 2011, is the first Curve with a touchscreen instead of a physical keyboard. The phone is an entry-level counterpart to the Torch 9860 , which is similarly an all-touchscreen phone without physical keyboard.. TechRadar gave the Curve 9380 three out of five stars, complimenting its affordability, the quality of its screen, its design for being more comfortable and not as fragile as other smartphones, and the improvements in the 7.0 operating system. However, reviewers also felt the device felt unstable, its social networking integration was of inconsistent quality, the implementation the Blackberry OS on a touchscreen device wasn't as elegant or mature as other smartphone platforms, and concluded that the phone "[isn't the] best option in its price range." [7]. The following tables highlight features of the different models.. ^ The BlackBerry Curve 8300, 8310 and 8320 use a 2G GSM network. The 8330 uses a CDMA network, while the 8350i uses an iDEN network. ^ The BlackBerry Curve 8350i was released about a year and a half later on December 15th, 2008.. ^ RIM Introduces the BlackBerry Curve Smartphone [ permanent dead link ]. ^ http://reviews.cnet.com/smartphones/rim-blackberry-curve-8300/4505-6452_7-32434383.html CNET Review for BlackBerry Curve 8300. ^ 8900 Curve at BlackBerry.com Archived August 12, 2010, at the Wayback Machine. ^ a b "BlackBerry Curve 3G". Retrieved 18 May 2011. ^ Curve 9370 supports 4G connectivity. ^ "BlackBerry Curve 9380 review". ^ "BlackBerry Curve 8300". Retrieved 18 May 2011. ^ "BlackBerry Curve 8330". Retrieved 18 May 2011. ^ "BlackBerry Curve 8900". Retrieved 18 May 2011. ^ "BlackBerry Curve 8520". Retrieved 18 May 2011. ^ "BlackBerry Curve 8530". Retrieved 18 May 2011. ^ "BlackBerry Curve 3G 9300". Retrieved 18 May 2011. ^ "BlackBerry Curve 3G 9330". Retrieved 18 May 2011. ^ a b c d e f g "T-Mobile BlackBerry Curve 8900 Smartphone Review". Retrieved 19 May 2011. ^ "BlackBerry Curve 8300 - Full phone specifications". Retrieved 24 May 2011. ^ "BlackBerry Curve 8310 - Full phone specifications". Retrieved 24 May 2011. ^ "BlackBerry Curve 8330 - Full phone specifications". Retrieved 24 May 2011. ^ "BlackBerry Curve 8320 - Full phone specifications". Retrieved 24 May 2011. ^ "BlackBerry Curve 8900 - Full phone specifications". Retrieved 24 May 2011. ^ a b "BlackBerry - Curve 8500 Specs - BlackBerry North America". Archived from the original on 2010-02-09. ^ a b "BlackBerry Curve 9300 - Full phone specifications". Retrieved 24 May 2011. ^ a b "BlackBerry Curve 9330 - Full phone specifications". Retrieved 24 May 2011. ^ a b c d e f g "BlackBerry Curve 9350/9360/9370 Specs". Retrieved 27 August 2011. ^ "BlackBerry Curve 8520 Features and Specifications". Retrieved 19 May 2011. ^ "BlackBerry Curve 83xx". Retrieved 18 May 2011. ^ "BlackBerry Curve 8350i". Retrieved 18 May 2011. ^ "BlackBerry Curve 8900". Archived from the original on 14 June 2011. Retrieved 18 May 2011. ^ "BlackBerry Curve 8520". Retrieved 18 May 2011. ^ "BlackBerry Curve 8530". Retrieved 18 May 2011. ^ "BlackBerry - Phone - BlackBerry Curve 8900". Retrieved 23 May 2011. ^ "BlackBerry - Curve 9300 Phone - New BlackBerry Curve 3G Smartphones". Retrieved 23 May 2011. ^ "BlackBerry Curve 9350". Retrieved 27 August 2011. ^ "BlackBerry Curve 9370". Retrieved 27 August 2011. ^ "Full Phone Specifications of BlackBerry Curve 9320". Retrieved 9 May 2012 .. Chen (CEO and Executive Chair). Categories : Set indices BlackBerry BlackBerry Limited mobile phones Mobile phones with an integrated hardware keyboard. Hidden categories: All articles with dead external links Articles with dead external links from November 2016 Articles with permanently dead external links Webarchive template wayback links Articles needing cleanup from May 2011 All pages needing cleanup Cleanup tagged articles without a reason field from May 2011 Wikipedia pages needing cleanup from May 2011 All set index articles. Not logged in Talk Contributions Create account Log in. Main page Contents Featured content Current events Random article Donate to Wikipedia Wikipedia store. Help About Wikipedia Community portal Recent changes Contact page. What links here Related changes Upload file Special pages Permanent link Page information Wikidata item Cite this page. Create a book Download as PDF Printable version. This page was last edited on 10 November 2017, at 07:54. Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License ;. By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc. 
Sell Your BlackBerry Curve 3G 9330 (Verizon). What condition is your product in?. Your phone is Damaged condition if any of these are true:. • it does not power on. • it has a cracked screen or body. • it is not 100% functional. NOTE: If your phone is cracked in half, bent or missing parts, it may be subject to receiving a revised offer. Your phone is Good condition if it:. • is fully functional, including all buttons and ports. • has no cracks on the screen or body. Your phone is Flawless condition if it:. • appears to be new out of the box. • has absolutely no scratches, scuffs or other marks. An accurate evaluation makes the process go faster. If our buyers think your BlackBerry Curve 3G 9330 (Verizon) is in better or worse condition than you state, they'll send you a revised offer.. Damaged prices vary based on whether your device powers on. Best match is based on price offered and reviews. No value can be offered for your device at this time. If you weren't looking to sell your BlackBerry Curve 3G 9330 (Verizon) you can still find the cell phone of your choice, by starting your search here to sell cell phones. The Most Money For The Least Effort. Sign up to receive email updates.. 6 6 8 , 5 0 7. Devices Saved from Landfills. $ 4 6 , 9 5 7 , 0 1 6. Dollars Earned by Our Customers. 
Our new search experience requires JavaScript to be enabled. Please enable JavaScript on your browser , then try again .. All Categories Antiques Art Baby Books Business & Industrial Cameras & Photo Cell Phones & Accessories Clothing, Shoes & Accessories Coins & Paper Money Collectibles Computers/Tablets & Networking Consumer Electronics Crafts Dolls & Bears DVDs & Movies eBay Motors Entertainment Memorabilia Gift Cards & Coupons Health & Beauty Home & Garden Jewelry & Watches Music Musical Instruments & Gear Pet Supplies Pottery & Glass Real Estate Specialty Services Sporting Goods Sports Mem, Cards & Fan Shop Stamps Tickets & Experiences Toys & Hobbies Travel Video Games & Consoles Everything Else. Hi ( Sign in to bid or buy) Daily Deals Gift Cards Help & Contact Sell. Summary Recently Viewed Bids/Offers Watch List Purchase History Selling Saved Searches Saved Sellers Messages. All Listings - Current page. Quickly compare offers in our new grouped view. results for verizon blackberry curve 3g 9330. Save verizon blackberry curve 3g 9330 to get e-mail alerts and updates on your eBay Feed.. Unfollow verizon blackberry curve 3g 9330 to stop getting updates on your eBay Feed.. You'll receive email and Feed alerts when new items arrive. Afghanistan - AFG Albania - ALB Algeria - DZA American Samoa - ASM Andorra - AND Angola - AGO Anguilla - AIA Antigua and Barbuda - ATG Argentina - ARG Armenia - ARM Aruba - ABW Australia - AUS Austria - AUT Azerbaijan Republic - AZE Bahamas - BHS Bahrain - BHR Bangladesh - BGD Barbados - BRB Belarus - BLR Belgium - BEL Belize - BLZ Benin - BEN Bermuda - BMU Bhutan - BTN Bolivia - BOL Bosnia and Herzegovina - BIH Botswana - BWA Brazil - BRA British Virgin Islands - VGB Brunei Darussalam - BRN Bulgaria - BGR Burkina Faso - BFA Burma - MMR Burundi - BDI Cambodia - KHM Cameroon - CMR Canada - CAN Cape Verde Islands - CPV Cayman Islands - CYM Central African Republic - CAF Chad - TCD Chile - CHL China - CHN Colombia - COL Comoros - COM Congo, Democratic Republic of the - COD Congo, Republic of the - COG Cook Islands - COK Costa Rica - CRI Cote d Ivoire (Ivory Coast) - CIV Croatia, Republic of - HRV Cyprus - CYP Czech Republic - CZE Denmark - DNK Djibouti - DJI Dominica - DMA Dominican Republic - DOM Ecuador - ECU Egypt - EGY El Salvador - SLV Equatorial Guinea - GNQ Eritrea - ERI Estonia - EST Ethiopia - ETH Falkland Islands (Islas Malvinas) - FLK Fiji - FJI Finland - FIN France - FRA French Guiana - GUF French Polynesia - PYF Gabon Republic - GAB Gambia - GMB Georgia - GEO Germany - DEU Ghana - GHA Gibraltar - GIB Greece - GRC Greenland - GRL Grenada - GRD Guadeloupe - GLP Guam - GUM Guatemala - GTM Guernsey - GGY Guinea - GIN Guinea-Bissau - GNB Guyana - GUY Haiti - HTI Honduras - HND Hong Kong - HKG Hungary - HUN Iceland - ISL India - IND Indonesia - IDN Ireland - IRL Israel - ISR Italy - ITA Jamaica - JAM Japan - JPN Jersey - JEY Jordan - JOR Kazakhstan - KAZ Kenya - KEN Kiribati - KIR Korea, South - KOR Kuwait - KWT Kyrgyzstan - KGZ Laos - LAO Latvia - LVA Lebanon - LBN Liechtenstein - LIE Lithuania - LTU Luxembourg - LUX Macau - MAC Macedonia - MKD Madagascar - MDG Malawi - MWI Malaysia - MYS Maldives - MDV Mali - MLI Malta - MLT Marshall Islands - MHL Martinique - MTQ Mauritania - MRT Mauritius - MUS Mayotte - MYT Mexico - MEX Micronesia - FSM Moldova - MDA Monaco - MCO Mongolia - MNG Montenegro - MNE Montserrat - MSR Morocco - MAR Mozambique - MOZ Namibia - NAM Nauru - NRU Nepal - NPL Netherlands - NLD Netherlands Antilles - ANT New Caledonia - NCL New Zealand - NZL Nicaragua - NIC Niger - NER Nigeria - NGA Niue - NIU Norway - NOR Oman - OMN Pakistan - PAK Palau - PLW Panama - PAN Papua New Guinea - PNG Paraguay - PRY Peru - PER Philippines - PHL Poland - POL Portugal - PRT Puerto Rico - PRI Qatar - QAT Reunion - REU Romania - ROU Russian Federation - RUS Rwanda - RWA Saint Helena - SHN Saint Kitts-Nevis - KNA Saint Lucia - LCA Saint Pierre and Miquelon - SPM Saint Vincent and the Grenadines - VCT San Marino - SMR Saudi Arabia - SAU Senegal - SEN Serbia - SRB Seychelles - SYC Sierra Leone - SLE Singapore - SGP Slovakia - SVK Slovenia - SVN Solomon Islands - SLB Somalia - SOM South Africa - ZAF Spain - ESP Sri Lanka - LKA Suriname - SUR Swaziland - SWZ Sweden - SWE Switzerland - CHE Taiwan - TWN Tajikistan - TJK Tanzania - TZA Thailand - THA Togo - TGO Tonga - TON Trinidad and Tobago - TTO Tunisia - TUN Turkey - TUR Turkmenistan - TKM Turks and Caicos Islands - TCA Tuvalu - TUV Uganda - UGA Ukraine - UKR United Arab Emirates - ARE United Kingdom - UK United States - USA Uruguay - URU Uzbekistan - UZB Vanuatu - VUT Vatican City State - VAT Venezuela - VEN Vietnam - VNM Virgin Islands (U.S) - VIR Wallis and Futuna - WLF Western Sahara - ESH Western Samoa - WSM Yemen - YEM Zambia - ZMB Zimbabwe - ZWE. verizon blackberry curve 3g 9330 :. Blackberry Curve 3G 9330 - Black (Verizon) Smartphone VERIZON. Cell Phone Verizon Blackberry Curve 3G 9330 **CLEAN IMEI / ESN**. Blackberry Curve 3G 9330 Black (Verizon) Smartphone Cell Phone. BlackBerry Curve 9330 3G -Fuchsia Clean ESN (Verizon) #6681. Blackberry Curve 3G 9330 - (Verizon) Smartphone GOOD CONDITION. OEM Verizon BlackBerry Curve 3G 9330 Double Cover Case (Pink / White) (Bulk Pack. BlackBerry Curve 9330 2 Cell Phone For Verizon Silver/Black. BLACKBERRY CURVE 9300 9330 OEM REPLACEMENT LCD LENS DISPLAY GLASS SCREEN REPAIR. 5 new & refurbished from $3.99. BLACKBERRY CURVE 9300 9330 OEM STANDARD BATTERY DOOR REPLACEMENT NEW BACK COVER. 5 new & refurbished from $4.99. Leather Belt Clip Case Pouch Cover Verizon BlackBerry Phones. Large Rugged Canvas Case Holster fits w/ Otterbox on for Verizon BlackBerry Phon. Large Leather Case Holster fits w/ Otterbox on Verizon BlackBerry Phones. OEM HANDS-FREE HEADSET WIRED EARPHONES HEADPHONES EARBUDS for BLACKBERRY PHONES. 55 new & refurbished from $6.99. OEM Verizon Double Cover Case for BlackBerry Curve 3G 9330 (Pink / White) (Bulk. OEM Verizon Snap-On Case for BlackBerry 8520, 8530, 9300, Curve 3G 9330 (Pattern. OEM Verizon Dual Cover Case for BlackBerry Curve 3G (Black / Clear) (Bulk Packag. 3ft Flat Micro USB Cable Charger Sync Power Wire Data Link Fast Charging D2M. 23 new & refurbished from $6.98. Pink 3ft USB Cable Rapid Charger Sync Power Wire Cord N3G. 199 new & refurbished from $6.98. Black Short USB Cable Rapid Charger Sync Power Wire Micro-USB Data Cord L8K. 81 new & refurbished from $7.98. Black Short USB Cable Rapid Charge Power Wire Sync Cord B1O. 199 new & refurbished from $6.98. Green 3ft USB Fast Rapid Charge Power Wire Sync Micro-USB Data Cord Q4O. 85 new & refurbished from $6.98. Yellow 3ft Micro USB Cable Rapid Charger Sync Power Wire Data Transfer Cord P1B. 85 new & refurbished from $6.98. Black 6ft Long USB Cable Rapid Charge Power Wire Sync Cord G1J. 75 new & refurbished from $6.98. Black Micro USB Cable Rapid Charge Power Cord Data Sync Link Wire Micro-USB W1X. 92 new & refurbished from $5.99. White OEM USB Cable Rapid Fast Charger Support Sync Power Wire Micro-USB W9X. 91 new & refurbished from $5.99. Extra Short USB Cable Charger Sync Power Wire Flat Cord MicroUSB G4J. 77 new & refurbished from $6.98. Extra Short USB Cable Charger Sync Power Wire Flat Data Transfer Cord White P3B. 42 new & refurbished from $6.98. Retractable Micro-USB Cable Charge Sync Power Wire Data Transfer Cord White W6X. 39 new & refurbished from $6.98. Green 3ft USB Cable Rapid Charge Power Wire Sync Cord M6N. 200 new & refurbished from $6.98. 3-in-1 USB Cable Mini Micro 30-Pin Charger Sync Wire Data Power Cord J4Q. 3ft USB Cable Rapid Fast Charger Support Sync Power Wire Micro-USB Data Cord L1K. 29 new & refurbished from $6.98. Green 6ft Long USB Cable Charge Power Wire Sync Data Transfer Cord Micro-USB N4G. 92 new & refurbished from $6.98. Blue 3ft USB Cable Rapid Charge Power Wire Sync Cord M1N. 200 new & refurbished from $6.98. Red 3ft USB Cable Rapid Fast Charger Sync Power Wire Micro-USB Data Cord E5L. 98 new & refurbished from $6.98. Red 3ft Flat USB Cable Rapid Charge Power Wire Sync Data Cord Micro-USB B3O. 96 new & refurbished from $6.98. Purple 3ft Micro USB Cable Rapid Charge Power Wire Sync Data Transfer Cord Q3O. 83 new & refurbished from $6.98. Purple 3ft Micro-USB Cable Rapid Charge Support Power Wire Sync Data Cord B7O. 86 new & refurbished from $6.98. Blue 3ft Flat Micro USB Cable Charger Sync Power Wire Data Link Cord A4B. 91 new & refurbished from $6.98. 2-in-1 6ft Long USB Cable Rapid Charger Sync Power Wire Tangle Free Flat J7Q. 121 new & refurbished from $8.98. 3ft Flat Micro USB Cable Charger Sync Power Wire Data Link Fast Charging A3B. 21 new & refurbished from $6.98. White Short 1ft Micro-USB Cable Rapid Charger Sync Power Wire A1B. 199 new & refurbished from $5.99. Black Braided USB Cable Rapid Charger Sync Power Wire Micro-USB Data Cord J1Q. 85 new & refurbished from $6.98. OEM USB Cable Rapid Charger Sync Power Wire Micro-USB Data Transfer Cord Q1O. 119 new & refurbished from $5.99. Premium Black 10ft USB Cable Rapid Charge Power Wire Sync Cord W5X. 102 new & refurbished from $8.98. 9ft Long USB Cable Rapid Charger Sync Power Wire Micro-USB Cord Fast Charge L7K. 61 new & refurbished from $8.98. Purple Braided USB Cable Rapid Charger Sync Power Wire Micro-USB Flat P9B. 92 new & refurbished from $8.98. Red Flat Micro-USB Cable Glowing Light Data Charge Wire Sync Power Cord 3ft E4L. White 3ft USB Cable Rapid Charge Power Wire Sync Data Cord L7K. 83 new & refurbished from $5.99. 3ft Flat USB Cable Rapid Charge Power Wire Sync Data Transfer Cord Micro-USB N1G. 25 new & refurbished from $6.98. Braided 6ft USB Cable Rapid Charge Wire Sync Micro-USB Data Sync Cord R2W. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. eBay determines this price through a machine learned model of the product's sale prices within the last 90 days.. eBay determines trending price through a machine learned model of the product’s sale prices within the last 90 days. "New" refers to a brand-new, unused, unopened, undamaged item, and "Used" refers to an item that has been used previously.. Top Rated Plus Sellers with highest buyer ratings Returns, money back Ships in a business day with tracking Learn More. Top Rated Plus Sellers with highest buyer ratings Returns, money back Ships in a business day with tracking Learn More. Cell Phones, Smart Watches & Accessories. Cell Phone Cases, Covers & Skins. Wholesale Cell Phone Cases, Covers & Skins. $ Enter minimum price to $ Enter maximum price. Please enter a minimum and/or maximum price before continuing.. Site Map Copyright © 1995-2018 eBay Inc. Accessibility , User Agreement , Privacy , Cookies and AdChoice Norton Secured - powered by Verisign. Number of bids and bid amounts may be slightly out of date. See each listing for international shipping options and costs.. 
Community Home Verizon Community Verizon Community Homepage Explore Topics People Content Announcements. Explore Search Sign In / Register Register 0 Sign In. Error: You don't have JavaScript enabled. This tool uses JavaScript and much of it will not work correctly without it enabled. Please turn JavaScript back on and reload this page.. Topics > BlackBerry > Curve > > Discussions. You can not post a blank message. Please type your message and try again.. Latest reply on Sep 25, 2010 5:49 PM by StreetDocRN. gdgs001 Sep 25, 2010 5:20 PM. Tags: none ( add ). When is this phone for sale to the public for verizon?. This content has been marked as final.. Show 1 reply. ( in response to gdgs001 ). Like Show 0 Likes (0). The new Curve 3G 9330 is for sale now for business or industry users.. No announcement has been made for an official date for release of this device to the public as of yet.. Home | Top of page. Verizon Wireless Community Software Version: 8.0.3.1 , revision: 20160414082626.1619a91.release_8.0.3.x. 
https:/ / www.phonescoop.com/ phones/ user_reviews.php? phone=2930. Phone Scoop Review User Reviews Average Ratings. Sep 20, 2010 by Eric M. Zeman Research In Motion refreshed the Curve line with the 9330 Curve 3G, which is offered by Verizon Wireless. The Curve 3G has a better keyboard, but the same display and camera as its predecessors. Please log in to post a review.. May 28, 2011 by Kristyn4839. I have had every phone under the sun (android, iPhone) and I keep coming back to Blackberry. It's not that I didn't like those phones I just think BB does what it should as a smartphone. I don't need hundreds of thousands of apps, I don't need to play games, I just want email, IM, and of course what it was meant to be... The BB 9330 is all of these things and while it may feel cheap compared to other phones the price tag is cheap as well. If you want a phone that can "do everything" this phone is not for you. If you want a solid BB that can do what it was made for this is a good choice. Pros: physical keyboard (not touch screen) email, IM, BBM and the phone reception is good. Cons: I'm used to OS 5 so the OS 6 is a little hard to get used to. If you just want a basic smartphone this is a good choice.. Log In to rate this review or report it as inappropriate.. Mar 2, 2011 by tgc1980. I'm no stranger to BlackBerry phones. My favorite of all time is the BlackBerry Bold 9700 that T-Mobile has. I've had to replace this phone already in the first week. I understand that lemons can happen with any phone, any carrier, but it's still annoying. Anyway, here's my review: Cons: Freezes like no other. Had to re-boot it in order for it to charge. The reception on this one is worse than the previous one. Pros: It still has the same things that any hardcore BlackBerry user would love (push e-mail, easy-to-use key pad, BlackBerry Messenger, etc....) It came with all that I need (minus holster). I don't see what's so different about it. If this doesn't work out, I'm gonna see what I can do to get a 9650 Bold (I'm with Sprint, now). We'll see how this one works.. Log In to rate this review or report it as inappropriate.. Jan 27, 2011 by Davo03. Just upgraded to OS 6 and it made this phone that much better! Love the battery life as well as the size and feel of the phone. Its not bulky and the rubberized back makes it easy to hold on to. This phone was great with OS 5 but with OS 6 the browser as well as many other aspects of the phone are better! I reccomend.. Log In to rate this review or report it as inappropriate.. Nov 13, 2010 by mellowlen62. After living the Android life for 11 months (and I love Android), I switched back to the faithful, friendly, easy BB. Didn't realize how much I missed a real keyboard. Small, compact, but powerful enough-the internet is fast, the Facebook app is far better than Android's, call quality is excellent (again better than droid), and the calendar/messaging/email is just perfect. I have a few "must have" games - and although the Appworld isn't android, I don't use or need all of those gazillion apps. I thought BB's battery life was bad, then I experienced android. Another reason I'm glad I switched back. Going 24-36 hours on ONE charge suddenly seems amazing..haha. The phone just works and works flawlessly. I'm getting tired of keeping up with technology and I just want something that does everything I need. Oh, and the $15 data plan on Verizon? Set it up on wifi virtually all the time and you're good to go with this phone.. Log In to rate this review or report it as inappropriate.. Nov 5, 2010 by RShackGuy. BlackBerry has been leading the smart phone market for years. The curve series is taking smart phones in a new direction though. These new curve series phones are great entry level smart devices capable of nearly everything their bigger brothers are (BB Tour and Bold) but with a more suitable price tag and size for the rest of us! Pros include a decent camera, switching from the track ball to the touch pad, and the classic ever wonderful BB keypad. It's a pleasure to text and e-mail on! It's got a universal 1/8"(3.5mm) headphone jack and a standard micro USB charger/data port. Ruberized back and sides make it comfortable to hold and slip resistant. Now this series is capable of 3G speeds too? There's nothing to stop it!. Log In to rate this review or report it as inappropriate.. Oct 29, 2010 by narn3049. I used this phone at the Verizon Store. It works excellently and is an awesome phone. However the trackpad is a little hard to get used to. Log In to rate this review or report it as inappropriate.. Oct 18, 2010 by randyalejandro. just got this phone about 2 weeks ago and overall I am satisfied. It's not as big or heavy as some of the other Blackberry devices out there, but that what I like about it. It's lightweight, and the rubberized back makes it easy to grip and hold on to. Basically it does what I want my black berry to do, which is emails, I.M. Keys on the keyboard are a little on the small side, but after a little practice I have gotten use to it, although it may not be for those with wide or big fingers. Call quality = good Camera = decent music player = don't use so can't comment. Battery = pretty decent not great.but I can usually get through most of the day without recharging and this is with heavy email, I.M. If you looking for a basic blackberry for calls, emails, text and BB Instant Messaging, you should be pretty satisfied. Log In to rate this review or report it as inappropriate.. Have a question about this phone? Ask in the Forum ›. Subscribe to reviews of this phone with RSS. Review: WeBoost Drive Sleek In-Car Signal Booster. WeBoost's Drive Sleek in-vehicle signal booster amplifies wireless signals inside your car. If you're a mobile professional or road trip fanatic and need better wireless performance when behind the wheel, the WeBoost can help.. Review: Speck Presidio Ultra Case for iPhone X. Speck's newest case for the Apple iPhone X, the Presidio Ultra, is a three-piece kit that includes a base case, an extra bumper, and a rugged holster. If you need hardcore protection with a little bit of flexibility throughout the day, the Presidio Ultra is an interesting entry.. Review: Tech 21 Evo Check Case for Pixel 2 XL. Tech 21's latest accessory for the Google Pixel 2 XL is the Evo Check, a three-layer case that provides protection for drops up to three meters. We put this case to the test to see if it's worth your hard-earned dollars.. Review: Coolpad Revvl Plus for T-Mobile. The Revvl Plus is an affordable Android slab that delivers an enormous screen at a reasonable price point. Stand-out features include a dual-camera system for capturing bokeh-style portraits, and a fingerprint reader for security. Here is Phone Scoop's in-depth report.. Hands On with the Samsung Galaxy S9 and S9+. Samsung's new flagship handsets, the Galaxy S9 and S9+, are here and they offer lots to be excited about. Samsung took the wining design of last year's phones and upped the ante with improvements to the chassis, cameras, and software.. Review: ZTE Avid 4 for MetroPCS. ZTE's latest low-cost handset for MetroPCS offers entry-level specs and performance. It includes a 5-inch screen, 8-megapixel camera, and Android 7 Nougat. MetroPCS customers can score this handset for next to nothing, but there might be better options. Here is Phone Scoop's in-depth review.. Review: Kingston DataTraveler Duo Bolt for iPhone. The Kingston DataTraveler Duo Bolt is a small thumb drive that plugs into the bottom of your iPhone and saves all your photos and videos. If you're looking for a quick way to free up space on your iOS device, the DataTraveler Duo Bolt is ideal in certain situations.. Review: IK Multimedia iRig Pro I/O for iPhone. The iRig Pro I/O is a compact audio interface that lets musicians, singers, and podcasters connect their instruments or microphones to Apple iPhones, iPads, and Macs. It takes all the best features of the larger iRig Pro Duo and boils them down to the most essential tools in a highly portable package.. Subscribe to Phone Scoop News with RSS. Subscribe to Phone Scoop on YouTube. All content Copyright 2001-2018 Phone Factor, LLC. Content on this site may not be copied or republished without formal permission.. By registering, you agree to our Terms of Use. We value your privacy and will never share your email address. 
BlackBerry Curve 3G 9330 - user opinions and reviews. 512MB RAM storage, microSD card slot. Pages: 1 2 3 … 10 11 ». Can we change 3G to 4G?. anvik, 15 Sep 2013 I want 2 know y I can't use facebook in my bberry. All the time data plan dose't sopport but o... more I think you should try deleting the app and re install it again. bubbbajoe, 06 Feb 2015 is it ok for music storage and play? yes it is. Vikash sharma, 26 Nov 2015 Is their hotspot available in this phone blackberry9330 yes it has the feature to use wifi. Anonymous, 21 Jan 2016 Plz tell me how to change the cdma number in this mobile Dial *611 and follow the instructions.. Plz tell me how to change the cdma number in this mobile. Mj, 24 Jun 2013 Ime nomber Is their hotspot available in this phone blackberry9330. I love the music control at the top of the chasing, I can hear any favorite music with the head phones, the music control seem like portable music player there is play, ffwd, rewind & stop button..... the body of the phone tears up in a year time due to which i cant use the piece. can i get a new body of the same otherwise phone is very good to use.. hagt, 08 Feb 2015 can anyone tell the fully exact of this mobile I bought last year May'14 & hv bn using 6-7 hrs in a day ! The fully loaded set with gd quality of voice & net operations as per connectivity !Battery back-up poor but its bcse of CS-2 battery !. can anyone tell the fully exact of this mobile. is it ok for music storage and play?. will this mobile works with mts sim??. i dont know where to put my sim. hey hey, 14 Jan 2014 Well, I think its a great little phone for teens! :) this phone is working properly for reliance CDMA sim?. No CDMA sim slot, but works in CDMA network without sim.. Need to contact Reliance Webworld I want sim slot tata indicom. Well, I think its a great little phone for teens! :). Chandnee, 18 Nov 2013 Does it also downloads viber,wechat,line,instagram and other appss? Nno. rohan, 17 Dec 2013 does this mobile comes with cdma sim slot? can anyone tell me plz Hi. No CDMA sim slot, but works in CDMA network without sim. does this mobile comes with cdma sim slot? can anyone tell me plz. Pages: 1 2 3 … 10 11 ». Total of 201 user reviews and opinions for BlackBerry Curve 3G 9330 .. Samsung Apple Nokia Sony LG HTC Motorola Huawei Microsoft Lenovo Xiaomi Google Acer Asus Oppo OnePlus Meizu BlackBerry Alcatel ZTE Toshiba Vodafone Energizer XOLO Lava Micromax BLU Gionee vivo LeEco Panasonic HP YU verykool Maxwest Plum. BlackBerry Curve 3G 9300 BlackBerry Bold 9780 BlackBerry Curve 8530 BlackBerry Curve 9360 Nokia 9300 BlackBerry Curve 9220. BlackBerry Z10 BlackBerry Priv BlackBerry Motion BlackBerry Keyone BlackBerry Passport BlackBerry Z3. 
All WhatsApp News, Downloads, Reviews and more!. 6 April, 2015 9 April, 2015. WhatsApp » WhatsApp Blackberry » Blackberry Curve 3G 9330. Download WhatsApp Now for the Blackberry Curve 3G 9330. Everybody would like to have this phone: The Blackberry Curve 3G 9330. Especially for our loyal visitors, we took a look to this device. You can read the results of our analysis in this post. Everywhere and always in touch with your friends and family! Send Free WhatsApp messages via your smartphone. It is possible now, but how does it work? WhatsApp Download for the Blackberry Curve 3G 9330 is the best available solution! It is free, convenient and lots of people worldwide already use the App. In this post you can read all you need to know about WhatsApp for Blackberry Curve 3G 9330. Reviews, useful links and a special download tutorial for your device.. By default, BlackBerry OS 5.0 is preinstalled on the Blackberry Curve 3G 9330. It is very easy to update the firmware to BlackBerry OS 6.0. This ensures you to use WhatsApp in a safe way. Thanks to this up to date software, you are able to use WhatsApp, anywhere you want! The Blackberry Curve 3G 9330 has an internal memory of 512MB. This can even be expanded to 32GB. This means plenty of space for the download of WhatsApp, and for the storage of photos, videos and other media. The 512MB RAM ensures that the device becomes not slow when you use multiple Apps. These specs are not bad, right? Would you like to use WhatsApp for the Blackberry Curve 3G 9330 ?. The Blackberry Curve 3G 9330 is not the most recent device This smartphone was introduced in September 2010. This device was very striking because of its 320 x 240 pixels (~163 ppi pixel density) display. Also the 2 MP, 1600 x 1200 pixels camera and video feature is extremely nice. Other nice (WhatsApp related) features are: A-GPS, BlackBerry Maps, 65K colors TFT display.. Are you convinced about this App and do you want to start using WhatsApp immediately? Start your unique Free WhatsApp Download for the Blackberry Curve 3G 9330 right now! For Blackberry users, the Download of WhatsApp is very easy. You don’t need to be an advanced smartphone user. This certainly applies to the Blackberry Curve 3G 9330. First, search for the BB App World on your Phone. Open this App and use the search icon to find the WhatsApp Messenger Application. You can recognize this App by the green logo with a phone in it. When you have selected the WhatsApp Messenger Inc App, you can directly start the download and installation. Therefore you need only about 7MB free memory. We know from own experience that the WhatsApp Download for the Blackberry Curve 3G 9330 can be quite difficult. Is the information on this page not clear for you? And do you want to read more about WhatsApp for your OS? That is possible! On the Blackberry page we have tried to answer the most common questions. If you want to know more specs and details of other phone you can read our reviews about. 2.9 (58.67%) 15 votes. The test results of WhatsApp for Blackberry Curve 3G 9330 are finally there!. WhatsAppDownloadCenter.com wrote a review of WhatsApp for the Blackberry Curve 3G 9330. But the App does not wok well on every device. Below you can read more about how the Blackberry Curve 3G 9330 scores on a number of crucial points. br> About the OS of this device WhatsApp is not suitable for any operating system. Since this device runs on Blackberry, this is not a problem for you. You can download the App directly via the App World of Blackberry. This phone was launched in September 2010 and offers you a very stable operating system: namely BlackBerry OS 5.0. Thanks to this operating system, the download and install of Apps goes easier than ever before.. What about the quality of the screen, the (internal) storage and the photo/video camera for WhatsApp? An important plus of the Blackberry Curve 3G 9330 is the fabulous display to read all your WhatsApp Messages. Unfortunately, the internal memory of 512MB is not really impressive. It is enough for the download of WhatsApp, but it might be not enough for the storage of other media. In addition to receiving pictures and movies, you also want to take photos and videos by yourself. That works more than fine since the Blackberry Curve 3G 9330 is equipped with a fantastic 2 MP, 1600 x 1200 pixels camera! You are facing a funny or strange situation? Directly shoot a video and share it with your WhatsApp contacts. That is no problem thanks to this amazing video camera. Thanks to the 512MB RAM, you have just enough memory and speed to send all your WhatsApp messages in a smooth way. Sending voice messages is also very funny to do.. In short: This device has many advantages but also some weak points. The price is quite high for a moderate smartphone. However, when you just use WhatsApp it has barely disadvantages. Altogether, this is a great phone with plenty of opportunities to get the most out of WhatsApp. Now we know all about the specs, advantages and disadvantages of this device, we truly advise you to download WhatsApp today!. My interest goes to everything that has to do with mobile phones. Since the creation of WhatsApp, I am involved in the development of this site were we try to provide you as WhatsApp users the best and correct download information.. 1 April, 2015 Adrian Guilman. 7 April, 2015 Adrian Guilman. 9 February, 2015 Adrian Guilman. WhatsApp updates from the previous period. Download WhatsApp 2.13.11 available for Nokia Asha. Quick Reply and 3D touch in WhatsApp 2.12.8 for iOS. WhatsApp now has 900 million active users. Download the App for your device. Get in contact with your friends. Send them messenges, photo's and video's. Use the best messenger ever developed. The installation of the app is free in the appstores. You can get additional services like smiley's, wallpapers, sounds and more. Check this by clicking on our promotional banners.. We want to bring you the latest news and updates about this app. We would also love to help you with any thing that has to do with the WhatsApp Download proces. We deliver high quality support via our community. The information is written with the greatest care and always double checked. We are not responsible for errors or problems that arise after using our guides or recommendations.. If you want you can read more about us and our team of writers. You can also contact us , view our sitemap and read the privacy policy .. © Copyright 2017 – All Rights Reserved. WhatsApp Download Center is an independent site and delivers high quality WhatsApp information and extra mobile content downloads. “WhatsApp” is owned by WhatsApp Inc.. Archos 45 Helium 4G Nokia 6730 classic HTC MAX 4G. Do you use an Android smartphone or tablet like Samsung or HTC ? We wrote a lot of information about downloading and installing WhatsApp via the google playstore on our WhatsApp Android page.. Are you the proud owner of an iPhone and want to install the WhatsApp application on your device? On our page WhatsApp iPhone explains how you can download it via iTunes or the Apple Appstore.. We know here are still many users who are looking for complete information about the download process for devices that need the WhatsApp Windows phone and WhatsApp Symbian version of the app.. Blackberry also support the use of the WhatsApp application for their devices. We have collected all the useful information about AppWorld and updates about WhatsApp blackberry .. 2.9 (58.67%) 15 votes. 
The next video is starting stop. RIM BlackBerry Curve 3G 9330 for Verizon Wireless Review. Want to watch this again later?. Sign in to add this video to a playlist.. Sign in to report inappropriate content.. Sign in to make your opinion count.. Sign in to make your opinion count.. The interactive transcript could not be loaded.. Rating is available when the video has been rented.. This feature is not available right now. PhoneArena reviews the RIM BlackBerry Curve 3G 9330 for Verizon Wireless. It has been two years since Verizon introduced its BlackBerry Curve 8330 smartphone, which was then followed by the Curve 8530, so we're glad to see a newer model has made its way out; the BlackBerry Curve 3G 9330. This new Curve model closely resembles its predecessor... For more details, check out our full review: http://www.phonearena.com/htmls/RIM-B.... When autoplay is enabled, a suggested video will automatically play next.. Blackberry Curve 3G 9300 9330 Housing Change Guide. BlackBerry Curve 9300 Install Sim Card and Battery. BlackBerry OS 6 on the Curve 3G. BlackBerry Curve 3G 9330 on Verizon video review. BlackBerry Curve 3G Unboxing & Review. RIM BlackBerry Curve 3G for T-Mobile Review. T-Mobile BlackBerry Curve 3G video tour. Blackberry Curve 8520 Screen Repair / Replace / Change a Broken LCD. How to Fix Blackberry Curve 9330 9300 Replace Screen LCD. Disassembly tutorial for BlackBerry Curve 3G 9300/9330. RIM BlackBerry Curve 3G 9310 Review. BlackBerry Z10 vs iPhone 5 - Full In-Depth Comparison. BlackBerry Curve 3G 9300 Review RIM. Sign in to add this to Watch Later. 
How to Block a Number on Any Phone. How to Build Your Smart Home. How to Create an Anonymous Email Account. How to Save Money on Your Cell Phone Plan. How to Set Up Two-Factor Authentication. How to Set Up and Configure Your Wireless Router. Tips Every Amazon Addict Should Know. Hard Drives, Storage, Networking & Backup. Back Antivirus, Safety & Security. Back Browsers & Operating Systems. Best HR Software & Management Systems. Best Self-Service Business Intelligence (BI) Tools. Best Social Media Management & Analytics Tools. Back Cameras & Photo/Video Editing. Best Video Editing Software for Enthusiasts. Best Samsung Galaxy S8 and S8+ Cases. Best Samsung Galaxy Note 8 Cases. Best MacBook Air Cases and Sleeves. Back Smart Home & Wearables. Back Hard Drives, Storage, Networking & Backup. Back Keyboards, Mice, Monitors & Speakers. Back Shows, Events & Holiday. Back TVs & Streaming Media. Best Managed WordPress Web Hosting Services. Best Small Business Web Hosting Services. The BlackBerry Curve 3G 9330 is a minor spec bump designed to make the popular Curve ready for the new OS 6. Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. blog comments powered by Disqus. PCMag reviews products independently , but we may earn affiliate commissions from buying links on this page.. App selection still behind the competition.. The BlackBerry Curve 3G 9330 is a minor spec bump designed to make the popular Curve ready for the new OS 6.. Preview: The new BlackBerry Curve 3G 9330 is almost exactly the same as the previous Curve 8530, with one critical change: a new 512MB RAM chip that makes the device ready for a BlackBerry 6 upgrade.. The new BlackBerry 6 OS brings a much better Web browser, better media features, and potentially better third-party apps to the BlackBerry line. To see how it runs on another non-touch-screen BlackBerry, check out our review of Sprint's BlackBerry Style 9670 ($99.99, 3.5 stars). The upgrade isn't ready yet, but various BlackBerry forums have shown leaked versions of the code, so we're confident it will come pretty soon. For now, though, the 9330 looks and behaves almost exactly like its predecessor.. As this is such a minor change from the previous model, we're not fully reviewing or rating this product. Instead, please check out our review of the two BlackBerry 8530s that Sprint sells: the postpaid BlackBerry Curve 8530 (Sprint) ($49.99, 3.5 stars) and the prepaid BlackBerry Curve 8530 (Virgin Mobile) ($249.99, 3.5 stars). If you're considering these devices, we recommend buying the 9330 rather than the 8530 as BlackBerry 6 will improve the experience all around.. Bottom Line: The BlackBerry Curve 3G 9330 is a minor spec bump designed to make the popular Curve ready for the new OS 6.. RIM BlackBerry Curve 9310 (Boost Mobile). RIM BlackBerry Curve 9310 (Verizon Wireless). RIM BlackBerry Curve 9370 (Verizon Wireless). BlackBerry Curve 3G 9330 (Verizon Wireless). BlackBerry Curve 3G 9330 (Verizon Wireless). PCMag.com's lead mobile analyst, Sascha Segan, has reviewed hundreds of smartphones, tablets and other gadgets in more than 13 years with PCMag. He's the head of our Fastest Mobile Networks project, hosts our One Cool Thing daily Web show, and writes opinions on tech and society.. Segan is also a multiple award-winning travel writer. Hands On With Lenovo's Flex 14 and Yoga 730. Hands On With Lenovo's New Chromebooks. Carriers Tout Galaxy S9 Prices, Speeds. Hands On With the LG V30S+ ThinQ. PCMag reviews products independently , but we may earn affiliate commissions from buying links on this page.. Get Our Best Stories! Email Sign Up. Subscribe to What's New Now. This newsletter may contain advertising, deals, or affiliate links. Subscribing to a newsletter indicates your consent to our Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. You may unsubscribe from the newsletters at any time.. Tech on a Budget: 35 Gift Ideas Under $20. 28 Hidden iOS 11 Tips You Need to Know. 13 Must-Have Tech Gifts Under $50. 10 Games Every Nintendo Switch Player Needs. TV Shows to Watch if You Love 'Stranger Things'. How to Master iOS 11's New Control Center. How to Play DVDs in Windows 10. How to Stop Blue Light From Disturbing Your Sleep. PC, PC Magazine and PC PCMag.com are among the federally registered trademarks of Ziff Davis, LLC and may not be used by third parties without explicit permission.. We have updated our PRIVACY POLICY and encourage you to read it by clicking here .. 
Blackberry Curve 3g 9330 NOT 3G. Float this Topic for Current User. All community This category This board Knowledge base Users. Auto-suggest helps you quickly narrow down your search results by suggesting possible matches as you type.. Blackberry Curve 3g 9330 NOT 3G. Blackberry Curve 3g 9330 NOT 3G. I have a blackberry Curve 3G 9330. It sais I do have 3G in My area, But It dosen't say 3G on the top of my phone Like it Should. NEXTEL tower right behind my house, Can i not get service off of the nextel tower? I mean Sprint did BUY out Nextel. So I don't see why sprint phone's can't run off of the Nextel tower's. I went to wal mart and they have a phone area in their now and I asw the exact same phone from Verizon and it has the 3G status. Why release a 3G phone if their's no 3G service? I just updated my phone to OS 6.0, Could that be a problem?. Tags: 3g 9330 blackberry blackberry_curve_3g_smartphone blackberry_curve_8330_smartphone curve. Re: Blackberry Curve 3g 9330 NOT 3G. Unfortunately, Sprint and Nextel run on different networks, and the 9330 is not compatible with the Nextel network.. You can check your coverage for Sprint 3G at http://coverage.sprint.com/. Product Ambassador, long time Sprint employee. Re: Blackberry Curve 3g 9330 NOT 3G. Their is a sprint tower RIGHT BEHIND my appartment complex, How comesprint has not converted/added sprint to the tower?. Re: Blackberry Curve 3g 9330 NOT 3G. I exchange my Samsung Transform for the BB Curve and has yet to recieve 3G on either.... Experience with my Transform which says it has video chatting capabilities... and i see sprint likes to lie about there phones as well... I updated to the BB 6 system as well and if i still dont get 3g with a better system than that sucks as well seeing that the Torch has 3G. Re: Blackberry Curve 3g 9330 NOT 3G. Its because blackberries on sprint don't have 3g. basically the "1XEV" is the equivalent to 3g. Not sure about Verizon, but from what I have learned is that CDMA networks don't have an actual "3g".. Re: Blackberry Curve 3g 9330 NOT 3G. They show the pictures with it and a few folks i work with have 3g displayed on there phones... Re: Blackberry Curve 3g 9330 NOT 3G. 1xEV stands for the Sprint EVDO network.. That's the CDMA standard for 3G.. ATT and T-Mobile use GSM, so their 3G network is UTMS or HSPDA.. Lotsa acronyms, but in a nuthshell, EV == 3G.. Regardless of what the icons say, is your phone doing what you need it to?. If so, use it and enjoy it.. If not, please start a new thread and describe what you are trying to do and what your phone does, or does not, do.. Product Ambassador, long time Sprint employee. Re: Blackberry Curve 3g 9330 NOT 3G. I recently replaced my old bb 9630 with the bb 9330---the browsing on the 9330 takes forever as do downloads--there seems to be no difference whether I use wifi or internet (any browser). What's going on?? I dont call this an upgrade but rather a downgrade!!!. Blackberry Curve 3g 9330 NOT 3G. EV does NOT equal 3G, man. I had a BlackBerry Storm 2 with Verizon, and not only did it specifically SAY 3G for the most part (it's now stuck at 1x since I no longer have service with the Evil Empire), it ran at a pretty FAST pace for the most part as well. I *JUST* picked up a Curve 9330 yesterday as a stand-in for my BlackBerry Style that comes in on Wednesday. This thing is a SLOW AND WEAK PIECE OF JUNK COMPARED TO THE STORM 2. Not only does it NOT function at 3G speeds, I can't even look at videos on Youtube from home because they're VERY choppy!! I know this much, when I DO get my Style, the service had better improve DRAMATICALLY...else I'm gonna bow out of this trial period with a quickness and just bide my time until I can afford a phone on a carrier that DOESN'T SUCK. (In all honesty, this crappy service is EXACTLY why I didn't want to deal with Sprint in the first place...but it was the only carrier that I didn't have to put down a deposit for!). Re: Blackberry Curve 3g 9330 NOT 3G. Sorry you're having issues though :/. Re: Blackberry Curve 3g 9330 NOT 3G. All would be better if it would just say 3G in the notification area where IT SHOULD SAY 3G.. It sais "3g blackberry" So it should say when it is in 3G service areas.. Blackberry Curve 3g 9330 NOT 3G. New Blackberry phones display 3G at the top of the phone.. There may be a software update in the future that will change the OSD to show 3G instead of 1XEV on the 9330...but 1XEV and 3G on Sprint are pretty much equivalent.. This is a PUBLIC ARCHIVE board, all artciles are read only.. Please click here to search the Active Community .. 
Step 2/4 > Select your current Network. Unlock your BlackBerry Curve 3G 9330 with Unlock Code. Request a BlackBerry Curve 3G 9330 unlock code and we will send you the code by email along with a set of instructions on how to use it. In most cases you only need to insert the SIM card you want to use and the cell phone will prompt for the unlock code („SIM Network Unlock PIN”). If your phone does not ask for one and there is no input field where to enter the unlock code, please contact our customer support before starting the ordering process. Feel free to get in touch with us, we will gladly respond you within less than 12 hours on any question about how to unlock BlackBerry Curve 3G 9330.. Pick the country your BlackBerry Curve 3G 9330 is locked to. Attention! Pick the Current Network your device is locked to, NOT the network you want to use. Easy instructions on how to Unlock BlackBerry Curve 3G 9330. Why should I order a BlackBerry Curve 3G 9330 unlock code?. Easily migrate to another service provider. Get more money if you sell your phone. Safest method to unlock your phone. Here at UnlockRadar.com it's so easy to unlock BlackBerry devices, you don't even need technical skills to do it. As easy as dialing a phone number. Read this step-by-step guide, meant to walk you through the process:. Select the country and the service provider your phone is locked to, then check the price.. Send us the IMEI of your phone and proceed to checkout. To find the IMEI number, type *#06# on your device keyboard.. Enter your name, a valid email address and complete the order. A confirmation email will be sent to you after we receive the payment.. We will send the unlock code on your email. Usually it's a 8 or 16 digit number, but in some cases it may be a complete set of codes. You only need the first one, the NCK.. Insert the SIM card of another network operator and enter the code you received from us. With an unlocked phone you have the huge advantage of easily changing your network provider and being able to choose a better plan to suit your needs.. You can save hundreds of dollars when traveling abroad if you have an unlocked phone. Just buy a local SIM card and start making calls at local rates, avoiding roaming charges.. Unlocked phones tend to have higher resale prices than locked phones, and you can easily sell your unlocked device internationally.. IMEI unlock is the safest way to unlock your device, because it uses genuine unlock codes from the manufacturer. No software, no opening your phone's case, no warranty void.. Before you order a BlackBerry Curve 3G 9330 unlock code, make sure you follow our requirements checklist:. Be certain that your phone is locked. Try to insert a SIM from a different network and wait for the phone to ask for the unlock. If it doesn't prompt for the code, and you can make a regular call, than your phone is NOT SIM locked.. Be certain that your phone is NOT stolen or blacklisted.. Be certain that your phone is NOT hard locked. If you tried too many times to unlock it before, your handset may be locked forever.. Make sure to give us the correct IMEI and to select the original country and network, NOT the one you want to use.. We will NOT be able to refund your money if our service fails to unlock your device for any of the reasons mentioned before.. By more than 486 happy customers. After losing several days trying to follow various tutorials on Youtube about how to unlock my phone, I decided then to buy the code. Very good price and quick service. Got my code and instructions how to unlock BlackBerry Curve 3G 9330. It did take a bit longer then they said it would, but they clearly noticed me about it so that seems fine to me.. Good timing, affordable and great service, I'll keep coming back.... I got my BlackBerry Curve 3G 9330 unlock code very quickly. It was so easy to unlock my phone. A well recommended company I would recommend it to all my friends. Mark Tzerhfu     . Remy Dent     . Catherine Grace     . Jane Miller     . Francisco Soria     . 7 days a week, 24 hours a day. 
The next video is starting stop. BlackBerry Curve 3G 9330 on Verizon video review. Want to watch this again later?. Sign in to add this video to a playlist.. Sign in to report inappropriate content.. Sign in to make your opinion count.. Sign in to make your opinion count.. The interactive transcript could not be loaded.. Rating is available when the video has been rented.. This feature is not available right now. A video review of RIM's latest Curve, the BlackBerry Curve 3G 9330 on Verizon. Check out our full review of this BlackBerry at: http://www.mobiletechreview.com/phone... This sturdy and affordable Curve is the classiest looking low end RIM smartphone we've seen in a while. It runs BlackBerry OS 5 but will be upgradable to OS 6. It has a QVGA display, optical trackpad, EV-DO, a 2 megapixel camera, GPS and RIM's excellent QWERTY keyboard and messaging services.. When autoplay is enabled, a suggested video will automatically play next.. RIM BlackBerry Curve 3G 9330 for Verizon Wireless Review. NEW Blackberry Curve 3G 9330 Smartphone From Verizon Wireless Unboxing+ First Boot Up!!!. T-Mobile BlackBerry Curve 3G video tour. RIM BlackBerry Curve 3G for T-Mobile Review. BlackBerry OS 6 on the Curve 3G. BlackBerry Curve 3G 9300 Review RIM. RIM BlackBerry Curve 3G for Sprint Review. RIM BlackBerry Curve 3G 9330 Sample Video. Apple iPhone 6 Plus vs BlackBerry Z30 and Z3. Blackberry Curve 3G 9300 9330 Housing Change Guide. BlackBerry Curve 3G for Verizon Wireless Review. BlackBerry Curve 3G Unboxing & Review. Blackberry Curve 9300/3G Running Blackberry OS 6 - LIFEHACKERPRODUCTION. BlackBerry Curve 9300 Install Sim Card and Battery. Sign in to add this to Watch Later. 
National Accessibility Customer Service Skip to Main Content. Use arrow keys to access sub-menus and sub-menu links, this may require a mode change. In the meantime, explore some of our products and services:. Browse a selection of Phones, Devices & Plans. Note: Not all devices and plans are available for purchase at this alternate site. 
Find the Best Cell Phone and Plan for You. PhoneDog's innovative comparison tool can help you save on cell phones and plans. Find the best phone and plan for you today with PhoneDog!. Compare Phones and Plans Compare Cell Phones. Trending: iPhone 8. f g+ t yt. Technology: CDMA Announced Carrier: Verizon Release Date: In the coming weeks. The BlackBerry Curve 3G 9330 offers a 35-key full QWERTY, dedicated media keys, 512 MB Flash memory, WiFi, and support for BlackBerry App World.. 3G Verizon Wireless BlackBerry Curve 3G 9330 Charcoal. Products mentioned BlackBerry Curve 3G 9330 Charcoal. Previous Article Sprint BlackBerry Curve 3G coming on Sept. Next Article BlackBerry Curve 3G hitting Verizon on September 16th for $29.99. Don't forget to VOTE! Each week, PhoneDog Fans vote for their #1 smartphone in the Official Smartphone Rankings. Vote now and contribute to the industry's most relevant weekly ranking charts.. Verizon launching V CAST app store on its Android devices Verizon Samsung Galaxy Tab leaked, announcement coming Thursday DROID Incredible switching to SLCD displays later this month iPad App Review: NCIS. Select the amount of total data you need for the entire plan.. For example, if you need 2 lines with 1 GB of data each, you would select 2 GB of data with the data slider below.. - Any - 0 5KB 50MB 30MB 100MB 125MB 150MB 200MB 250MB 300MB 334MB 350MB 375MB 400MB 500MB 600MB 625MB 700MB 800MB 834MB 900MB 938MB 1GB 1.2GB 1.5GB 1.6GB 2GB 2.03GB 2.5GB 3GB 3.7GB 4GB 5GB 6GB 6.1GB 7GB 7.3GB 8GB 8.5GB 9GB 10GB 11GB 12GB 13GB 14GB 15GB 16GB 18GB 20GB 22GB 23GB 24GB 25GB 30GB 32GB 35GB 40GB 50GB 60GB 80GB 85GB 100GB 120GB 150GB 200GB Unlimited. BLU Vivo X Review: BLU's Most Appealing Smartphone Yet!. 4 days 15 hours ago. Android 8.0 Oreo on the OnePlus 5T. 5 days 13 hours ago. 1 week 12 hours ago. The OnePlus 5T Competitor You Haven't Heard About. 1 week 3 days ago. People's Choice Expert's Choice. OFFICIAL SMARTPHONE RANKINGS Please Login/Register to Vote. OFFICIAL SMARTPHONE RANKINGS Please Login/Register to Vote. OFFICIAL SMARTPHONE RANKINGS Please Login/Register to Vote. OFFICIAL SMARTPHONE RANKINGS Please Login/Register to Vote. OFFICIAL SMARTPHONE RANKINGS Please Login/Register to Vote. BLU S1 Review: BLU's First CDMA Smartphone!. This Week's "People's Choice Rankings" Best Smartphone. OFFICIAL SMARTPHONE RANKINGS Please Login/Register to Vote. OFFICIAL SMARTPHONE RANKINGS Please Login/Register to Vote. OFFICIAL SMARTPHONE RANKINGS Please Login/Register to Vote. OFFICIAL SMARTPHONE RANKINGS Please Login/Register to Vote. OFFICIAL SMARTPHONE RANKINGS Please Login/Register to Vote. Recent news from our top carriers:. Samsung Galaxy S9 and S9+ pricing. T-Mobile wins awards for 4G LTE. Samsung Galaxy S9 and S9+ pricing. Sprint says its 5G network will. T-Mobile wins awards for 4G LTE. Samsung Galaxy S9 and S9+ pricing. T-Mobile wins awards for 4G LTE. Samsung Galaxy S9 and S9+ pricing. Google Pixel 2 XL gets $400. Verizon Galaxy Note 8 gets $200. PHONEDOG PHONEDOG MEDIA FAMILY Phonedog - Cell Phone News TmoNews - The Unofficial T-Mobile Blog AndroidAndMe - Everything Android. PhoneDog Media is home to PhoneDog, Android & Me, TmoNews, and TodaysiPhone. The network receives 2.5 million unique visitors and 10 million pageviews each month, along with a combined three million video views on YouTube.. While the name is jovial, the PhoneDog Media network offers up a wealth of written and video content to help readers make important decisions about mobile technology.. Established in 2001, PhoneDog Media is a privately owned and operated company.. Company Home Privacy Policy Term of Use Contact About Us Sitemap In-Depth Reviews. Reproduction without explicit permission is prohibited. 
