Into Blu About Us Blu News BLu Social Products Windows Phones Android Phones Feature Phones Contact Location Sales Contact Support Service Software Updates Takeback program R1 HD Support. Into Blu About Us Blu News BLu Social Products Windows Phones Android Phones Feature Phones Contact Location Sales Contact Support Service Software Updates Takeback program R1 HD Support. Introducing the new R1 PLUS. Plus means so much more! With the new R1 PLUS, we have made several improvements in display, camera, battery, design, and memory in order to bring the best value smartphone to the market today.. Introducing the new R1 PLUS. Plus means so much more! With the new R1 PLUS, there is better display, camera, battery, design, and memory.. The R1 PLUSâs battery cover was designed and machined out of aircraft grade aluminum. BLU has once again raised the bar of material technology and aesthetic quality with its design of the R1 PLUS .. The BLU R1 PLUS infuses both design and technology elements into an incredible package. Crafted with the highest grade materials such as curved glass touch panel, as well as a metal trim for the middle housing, giving the BLU R1 PLUS both a sophisticated look and excellent feel. Crafted with the highest grade materials such as curved glass touch panel, as well as a metal trim for the middle housing. Powered by MediaTek 6737 1.3GHz quad-core processor and a quicker Mali-T720 GPU. Available in 32GB/16GB internal memory and 3GB/2GB of RAM, the R1 PLUS has all the storage capacity you will need. Expandable storage up to 64GB if more space is needed.. A bigger and better display, the R1 PLUS has a stunning 5.5â inch HD display with a curved on-cell glass panel.. Incorporating the highest grade material such as curved glass touch panel ensures excellent feedback and feel, as well as a gorgeous look.. The R1 PLUS was designed with Corning Gorilla Glass 3 on front touch panel, providing your device with an extra layer of armor to protect it from cracks and scratches.. Corning Gorilla Glass 3 withstands drops up to 2Xâs better than competing glass designs.. Curved Glass Display & Corning Gorilla Glass 3. Featuring an improved 13 Megapixel main camera with LED Flash along with 5 Megapixel front selfie camera with LED Flash, the R1 PLUS offers the fully optimized experience.. If you find yourself in low lit area, use the front flash to get the best exposure. With the built in LED flash on the front and back, you can take pictures in a dark environment with ease.. The R1 PLUS provides you with hours of enjoyment. You will not have the problem of running out of juice with the 4,000mAh battery. Boasting a 30 day stand by time with 2-3 days of usage without charge, the R1 PLUS will make sure you never run out of battery.. Stay connected with friends and family while traveling across the country with speeds of up to 10x faster than 3G. The R1 PLUS comes with 3G 850/1700/1900/2100, 4G LTE 2/4/7/12/17 so you can have coverage across the entire United States with all different carriers.. Exchanging SIM cards from one phone to another. Carry two phones in your pocket. The BLU R1 PLUS has dual-SIM capabilities that allows you to have two phone numbers on one device. By having two SIM slots in your mobile device, you do not have to worry about:. Stay connected with speeds of up to 10px faster than 3G.. 2G: 850/900/1800/1900 3G: 850/1700/1900/2100 4G LTE: 2/4/7/12/17. MediaTek 6737 | 64-Bit 1.3GHz Quad Core Mali-T720. 32GB/16GB Internal Memory 3GB/2GB RAM MicroSD up to 64B. 5.5â HD Curved Glass Display BLU Infinite (IPS) Technology. 13MP Main 3265x2449 pixels 5MP Front with LED Flash HD 1080p Video @30fps. Bluetooth 4.0 WiFi, Hotspot Micro USB v2.0. 
Select the department you want to search in. Sign in Account & Lists Sign in Account & Lists Orders Try Prime Cart. Your Amazon.com Today's Deals Gift Cards Registry Sell Help Disability Customer Support. 1-16 of 137 results for "BLU R1 Plus". See all results for BLU R1 Plus .. BLU R1 Plus - 4G LTE Unlocked Smartphone - 32GB + 3GB RAM -Black. Trade-in eligible for an Amazon gift card. qualifying 2017 BLU Smartphone for ... 3 Protection, plus an 13 MP Main .... BLU R2 PLUS – 4G LTE 5.5” Full HD Unlocked Smartphone – 32GB + 3GB RAM -Black. In stock on February 28, 2018. R2 Plus is designed and engineered with the highest grade material. BLU R1 HD Cell Phone 16GB - Black. 4G LTE plus GSM unlocked for your favorite compatible carrier or for .... BLU R2 - 4G LTE Unlocked Smartphone - 16GB + 2GB RAM -Black. $98.99 (5 used &amp new offers). Purchase any qualifying 2017 BLU Smartphone for your chance to win a .... BLU R1 Plus 16GB 4G LTE Unlocked Smartphone - Black (Certified Refurbished). BLU R1 Plus 16GB 4G LTE Unlocked GSM Smartphone - Black. Trade-in eligible for an Amazon gift card. 4G LTE Plus GSM Unlocked for your favorite compatible carrier or for .... BLU R1 PLUS - ArmorFlex Case + Screen Protector – Black/Black. Only 10 left in stock - order soon.. Product Features Designed specifically for the BLU R1 Plus. BLU LIFE ONE X2 - 4G LTE Unlocked Smartphone - 64GB+4GB RAM - Grey. $112.96 (17 used &amp new offers). Trade-in eligible for an Amazon gift card. BLU R1 PLUS - ArmorFlex Case + Screen Protector – White/Gold. Product Features Designed specifically for the BLU R1 Plus. BLU R2 - 4G LTE Unlocked Smartphone - 32GB + 3GB RAM -Black. Purchase any qualifying 2017 BLU Smartphone for your chance to win a .... BLU R1 HD - 16 GB - Black - Prime Exclusive - with Lockscreen Offers & Ads. BLU Studio XL 2 - 6.0" 4G LTE GSM Unlocked Smartphone - 4,900mAh Battery -Black. $79.99 (17 used &amp new offers). Trade-in eligible for an Amazon gift card. BLU R1 HD Case, POETIC Revolution Series [Premium Rugged][Shock Absorption & Dust Resistant][Heavy Duty] Complete Protection Hybrid Case w/ Built-In Screen Protector for BLU R1 HD (2016) Black. $7.95 (3 used &amp new offers). BLU R1 Plus R0071UU 32GB Unlocked GSM LTE Quad-Core Phone w/ 13MP Camera - Black (Certified Refurbished). Only 5 left in stock - order soon.. BLU R2 - 4G LTE Unlocked Smartphone - 16GB + 2GB RAM -Gold. Purchase any qualifying 2017 BLU Smartphone for your chance to win a .... BLU R1 Plus case,SLMY(TM) [Shock Absorption] Drop Protection Hybrid Dual Layer Armor Protective Case Cover for BLU R1 Plus-Black. All customers get FREE Shipping on orders over $25 shipped by Amazon. Cell Phone Car Cradles & Mounts. 4 Stars & Up & Up. 3 Stars & Up & Up. 2 Stars & Up & Up. 1 Star & Up & Up. There's a problem loading this menu right now.. Get fast, free shipping with Amazon Prime. Prime members enjoy FREE Two-Day Shipping and exclusive access to music, movies, TV shows, original audio series, and Kindle books.. Careers About Amazon Investor Relations Amazon Devices. Sell on Amazon Sell Your Services on Amazon Sell on Amazon Business Sell Your Apps on Amazon Become an Affiliate Advertise Your Products Self-Publish with Us › See all. Amazon Rewards Visa Signature Cards Amazon.com Store Card Amazon.com Corporate Credit Line Shop with Points Credit Card Marketplace Reload Your Balance Amazon Currency Converter. Your Account Your Orders Shipping Rates & Policies Amazon Prime Returns & Replacements Manage Your Content and Devices Amazon Assistant Help. Amazon Music Stream millions of songs. Amazon Drive Cloud storage from Amazon. 6pm Score deals on fashion brands. AbeBooks Books, art & collectibles. ACX Audiobook Publishing Made Easy. Alexa Actionable Analytics for the Web. Amazon Business Everything For Your Business. AmazonFresh Groceries & More Right To Your Door. AmazonGlobal Ship Orders Internationally. Home Services Handpicked Pros Happiness Guarantee. Amazon Inspire Digital Educational Resources. Amazon Rapids Fun stories for kids on the go. Amazon Restaurants Food delivery from local restaurants. Amazon Video Direct Video Distribution Made Easy. Amazon Web Services Scalable Cloud Computing Services. Audible Download Audio Books. AudiobookStand Discount Audiobooks on Disc. Book Depository Books With Free Delivery Worldwide. Box Office Mojo Find Movie Box Office Data. ComiXology Thousands of Digital Comics. CreateSpace Indie Print Publishing Made Easy. DPReview Digital Photography. East Dane Designer Men's Fashion. Fabric Sewing, Quilting & Knitting. Goodreads Book reviews & recommendations. IMDb Movies, TV & Celebrities. IMDbPro Get Info Entertainment Professionals Need. Junglee.com Shop Online in India. Kindle Direct Publishing Indie Digital Publishing Made Easy. Prime Now FREE 2-Hour Delivery on Everyday Items. Prime Photos Unlimited Photo Storage Free With Prime. Shopbop Designer Fashion Brands. TenMarks.com Math Activities for Kids & Schools. Warehouse Deals Open-Box Discounts. Whole Foods Market America’s Healthiest Grocery Store. Withoutabox Submit to Film Festivals. Woot! Deals and Shenanigans. Zappos Shoes & Clothing. Souq.com Shop Online in the Middle East. Subscribe with Amazon Discover & try subscription services. Conditions of Use Privacy Notice Interest-Based Ads © 1996-2018, Amazon.com, Inc. 
The source for Tech Buying Advice. More Car Tech. Tech deals, prizes and latest news. The most affordable Android phone we've ever tested. The Blu R1 Plus is the 2017 sequel to one of the cheapest Android phones on Amazon, and it’s back: faster, sturdier and longer lasting than before. At $159 it has a completely adequate HD display, metal finish and long battery life. Just don’t expect 3D games to perform well or have it run the latest version of Android anytime soon. This is a true budget phone for the sub-$200 crowd.. Doesn’t work on Verizon or Sprint. $159 through stores like Amazon; briefly $109 on sale at launch Works on GSM carriers: AT&T, T-Mobile and Cricket Wireless It won’t work on CDMA networks: Verizon and Sprint Mostly metal finish for under $200 is impressive Thicker and heavier than other budget phones No fingerprint sensor and poor speaker placement Its big 5.5-inch HD display looks great for such a cheap phone Gorilla Glass 3 can be reflective, but provides good protection Lacks the double tap screen-waking feature a part of other Androids One of the cheapest tickets to the Android ecosystem But it runs Android Marshmallow, not Android Nougat Lacks split-screen multitasking and battery-saving perks Faster than last year’s Blu R1 HD and much more RAM 32GB of storage expandable with 64GB microSD card Graphic chip can’t handle 3D games very well at all Call quality and rear-facing speaker is satisfactory 13MP cameras take surprising good photos in ample light Both the front and the back cameras have an LED flash Struggles in low-light and missing optical image stabilization Monster-sized 4,000mAh battery can last almost two days Mostly drains from idle use, which an Android update could fix No Quick Charge: takes 2 hours and 25 minutes to fully recharge You're on a budget You're a traveler You need a temporary holdover phone You're a casual phone user You want the best phone You're a gamer Competition Moto G5 Plus Also see: Best cheap phone in the US 2017. The Blu R1 Plus is an incredibly cheap phone and the latest proof you don't need to spend much more than $100 to get a basic unlocked smartphone in the US, where it's primarily available.. It's an Android phone that costs 1/8th the price of the stellar Samsung Galaxy S8 Plus we just reviewed, and it also has a similar fraction of the convincing features.. That's an okay compromise for someone looking for a 4G LTE smartphone the boasts a 5.5-inch HD display, Android 6.0 Marshmallow and, most importantly, nearly two day battery life.. It's an improvement over last year’s Amazon-exclusive Blu R1 HD in every way. It has a mostly metal design, faster quad-core chipset, 32GB of internal storage and 3GB of RAM.. 1/8th the price of the Samsung Galaxy S8 Plus. In fact, we were able to write this entire review on the phone in Google Docs, run almost every app we tried in the Google Play Store and summon Google Assistant to ask it questions.. Don't expect steady 3D game frame rates or app multitasking. You're not going to get good enough performance for either of those at this price. It’s also missing a fingerprint sensor.. The Blu R1 does come with a number of accessories right inside the box, including a case and micro SIM card adapters. It adds just a little more to this best value pick.. Its features won't wow you, but everything you get for the price just may.. The Blu R1 Plus is one of the cheapest Android phones you can buy in the US, even if it costs more than the Blu R1 HD. Its major specs bump adds a little to the bottom line.. There's a flash sale on Saturday. It costs $159, though there was a big discount on launch day: it was $50 off the normal $159 price for 24 hours, making it a $109 deal at Amazon and Best Buy.. That makes its biggest rivals the 5.2-inch Moto G5 Plus at $184 (or $229 without Amazon ads) and the Boost Mobile-exclusive 6-inch ZTE Max XL at $130.. Blu R1 Plus's advantage is it doesn’t have Amazon lockscreen ads and comes unlocked for use on GSM carriers like AT&T, T-Mobile and Cricket Wireless.. The Blu R1 Plus is surprisingly well-built for a sub-$200 smartphone. You can’t tell the difference between it and more expensive budget Android phones at first blush.. Blu upgrades its phone with an aluminum finish on the battery cover. It has an aluminum finish to its back cover, slightly rounded glass edges protecting the screen, and a silver metal frame outlining everything. Plastic is limited to the the top and bottom for housing antennas.. No, this design doesn’t stand out, but that’s entirely the point. It’s meant to look like an expensive phone twice its price. It blends in well until you look closer.. What are the differences? For one, it’s thicker and heavier than trendier budget smartphones, with a sloped back measuring 10.5mm at its peak. You can take off the back cover to insert a microSD card for extra storage (up to 64GB on top of the internal 32GB) and micro SIM cards – plural. This is a great dual-SIM phone for travelers.. Thicker than more expensive phones, but still reasonable. Just because you can peel away the back cover doesn’t automatically mean you can swap out the battery. It’s sealed into the back of the phone. Other curious design decisions were made: the headphone jack is at the top, the micro USB port is offset on the bottom and the speaker grille consists of six tiny holes in the back cover.. None of these drawbacks are deal breakers at this price. However, we did miss being able to unlock our phone with a fingerprint sensor during our tests. You’ll find a fingerprint sensor on the similarly priced ZTE Max XL, but it’s a big plastic phone. Basically, at this price, you can have either a metal finish or a fingerprint sensor – not both.. Blu R1 Plus boasts a big and colorful 5.5-inch LCD display that looks great for everyday use. Its 720p resolution is still considered HD, and that’s perfectly fine for a $159 phone.. The 720p HD display looks just fine for everyday use. Yes, you can make out individual pixels if you really stare intently at the screen, but it’s not a distraction. It just means this phone display is never going to be able to handle VR gaming.. What most matters here is the screen gets just bright enough to use outdoors, even if its brightness slider falls short of where we’d like it to be on a sunny day. We did experience glare from the Gorilla Glass 3 in direct sunlight, but its protection proved to be a boon for us. Our review phone did a sudden faceplant when we were photographing it in the wild. It survived the minor fall without a scratch.. It's colorful and distracts you from that gaudy Blu logo. Missing is a better power-on method besides hitting the small power button on the side frame. ‘Double tap the screen to wake’ is popular on slightly pricier Android phones.. We also wish the bezel was a bit thinner and the Blu logo wasn’t tattooed across the bottom chin of the phone (it’s already emblazoned on the back). But 720p on such a cheap phone? That’s not a problem. It looked good enough whenever we watched YouTube videos and played back our personal video recordings on the display.. Blu R1 Plus runs Android 6.0 Marshmallow, which means it’s a step behind other phones that come preinstalled with Android 7.0 Nougat. And Android O will debut later this year.. It runs Android 6.0 Marshmallow, not Android Nougat. The important thing is, at $159, this is among the cheapest tickets into the Android ecosystem. It’s stable, uses a fantastic Google-developed interface and runs all of the Play Store apps.. This is stock basically Android, from the Google keyboard to the notification shade. It remains unchanged outside of seven preloaded apps, mostly from Blu’s Amazon partnership.. Just don’t expect a big update to Android Nougat or Android O soon. Phones this inexpensive are often overlooked when it comes to updates. So far, no Blu phone runs Android Nougat.. What are you missing in the Nougat update? Google added split-screen multitasking, improved idle battery life and refined the pull-down notifications shade to make it easier to sift through.. This phone’s ability to handle split-screen multitasking is suspect, though it could have used the battery life perk when the phone is idle. Fingers crossed the update will come eventually.. Even though the Blu R1 Plus is a rather basic Android smartphone, it has a meaningful specs bump over last year’s Blu R1 HD. You’ll have much smoother performance with this phone.. It has a faster 1.3GHz quad-core MediaTek 6737 chipset, a healthy 3GB of RAM, and 32GB of internal storage. You can always add 64GB of extra space via the microSD card slot, too.. Keep your micro USB cables – this isn't a USB-C phone. Blu deviates from the popular Qualcomm Snapdragon chipset we see in today’s Android phones for a lower-end MediaTek chip. It can handle basic tasks fine and keeps the phone cheap.. We’re really impressed that, at this price, we’re getting 3GB of RAM (up from 1GB on the Blu R1 HD) and 32GB of internal storage (up from last year’s 8GB or 16GB options).. You’re just not going to be able to run 3D games with this chipset. Its Mali-T720 graphics processor just can’t keep up with the frame rates of any racing. It turns into a slow-motion event.. We also found call quality via the earpiece and mic to be merely satisfactory, just like the back-facing speaker – all sound a bit too tinny. The sound differences between this and a more expensive phone are noticeable, but fair for the price.. Considering its rock-bottom price, the Blu R1 Plus camera can take a surprisingly good photo. Even if it’s soft on detail, it’s able to capture the vividness and color of a bright sunny day.. Both this 13MP rear camera and the 5MP front camera have LED flash. It has a 13MP rear camera and a 5MP front-facing selfie camera. Both have single LED flash and there are several modes in the default camera app to capture the right scene.. Modes include Normal, Pro (manual), Face Beauty, Panorama, HDR, Night, Sports and the truly bizarre but ultimately fun Scene Frame. Ever wanted to take a photo inside a car side mirror or a painter's canvas? That’s what this mode does.. Image 1 of 9 Main camera photos. We were able to snap several outdoor photos that gave us nicely saturated colors. It’s not going to compare to the new Samsung Galaxy S8 or an iPhone 7 , but it’s close enough outside.. Scene Frame mode is strange, but fun. Again, it’s soft on detail and textures, but better once you disable the now-somehow-popular beauty mode filters. Scene frame works best in selfie mode.. Image 1 of 3 Front-facing selfie camera (ample light). Image 2 of 3 Front-facing selfie camera (medium light). Image 3 of 3 Front-facing selfie camera (low light). Where the Blu R1 Plus camera struggles is indoors in low-light situations. It also has trouble, at times, with autofocus. It results in either grainy or blurry photos whether or not you have a steady hand to make up for the lack of optical image stabilization (OIS).. Video can be shot at 720p (which makes sense given the screen playback is in 720p) and it’s also missing OIS. Videos look okay, albeit a little dark, and the app always wants to default back to 480p.. We liked the fact that you can fip between the two cameras with an easy swipe down on the screen, but we sorely miss having a timelapse mode. No sunset hyperlapse test this time.. The Blu R1 Plus battery life lasted us just shy of two days thanks to its monster battery capacity. It’s 4,000mAh size is larger than most of today’s flagship Android phones.. What’s more, in addition to that impressive 4,000mAh capacity, the phone’s 720p HD display pays off because it burns a lot less pixels. That’s why it was still alive at the day-and-a-half mark.. Our official battery life test showed that it burned through 14% of its battery running a looped 90 minute HD video, leaving us with 86% left. Its screen isn’t the big battery life concern.. The reason we’d like to see this phone transition from Android Marshmallow to Android Nougat is it may fix the phone’s biggest battery hog: phone idle time. Google’s latest update is supposed to help idle battery life drain. Overnight, it dropped 7% of a full battery over the course of eight hours. That could be significantly improved on a phone like this.. At this price you’re also not getting Quick Charge benefits and the reversible USB-C standard. The latter is a cost-savings if you have many spare micro USB cables lying around.. Blu R1 Plus gained 14% of its battery every 15 minutes for the first hour, but slowed the charge back to 100%. In total, it took 2 hours and 25 minutes to fully charge this phone. It’s a bit slow, but this is also a big, hulking battery.. Someone who can’t afford the latest and greatest smartphone upgrade.. Travelers who need a capable, GSM phone that’s unlocked and dual-SIM for travel outside of the US.. That clumsy person (totally not you) who needs a temporary holdover phone because they broke their expensive Apple or Samsung and has to run out the clock on y̶o̶u̶r̶ their contract before an upgrade.. Anyone who doesn’t care about phones that much, but wants to graduate from a flip phone or any feature phone to something new without splurging. Alternatively a son or daughter may gift this to a flip phone-carrying parent.. This phone isn’t going to win you over if your budget can stretch to a mid-range $400 phone. it'a a no frills phone, right down to the fact that there’s no fingerprint sensor.. Blu's new phone can’t do intense 3D gaming or app multitasking, so gamers who demand performance won't find it from this budget phone.. Moto G5 Plus is our current favorite Android phone of 2017, and that’s also thanks to its affordable $184 starting price exclusive to Amazon Prime members. How does it compare to the slightly cheaper Blu R1 Plus? The entry-level configuration has 32GB of storage (tie), 2GB of RAM (Blu wins), a 2.0 GHz Qualcomm Snapdragon 625 chip (Moto wins), a 5.2-inch Full HD screen (tie – smaller screen, but 1080p), and a 12MP dual pixel camera (Moto wins). The battery capacity is a smaller 3,000mAh, but it has fast charging (so another tie), and you’re paying more (Blu wins). Of course, the phone you really want is the Moto G5 Plus with 64GB of storage + 4GB RAM that’s $239. That’s way better, but considerably more costly.. Full review: Moto G5 Plus. You can unsubscribe at any time and we'll never share your details without your permission.. Get the best tech deals, reviews, product advice, competitions, unmissable tech news and more!. 1 Samsung Galaxy S9 release date, price, news and features. 2 Samsung Galaxy S9 launch: as it happened. 3 Samsung Galaxy S9 live stream: how to watch today's big launch event. 4 How to watch Arsenal v Man City live stream online for the Carabao Cup final NOW. 5 MWC 2018: All the latest news from the show. 2 Samsung Galaxy S9 Plus review. 3 Samsung Galaxy S9 release date, price, news and features. 4 Samsung Galaxy S9 launch: as it happened. 5 BlackBerry: 'we understand we are not for everyone' but 'we're here to stay'. TechRadar is part of Future plc, an international media group and leading digital publisher. England and Wales company registration number 2008885.. 
GSM 850 / 900 / 1800 / 1900 - SIM 1 & SIM 2. HSDPA 850 / 1700(AWS) / 1900 / 2100. LTE band 2(1900), 4(1700/2100), 7(2600), 12(700), 17(700). HSPA 42.2/11.5 Mbps, LTE Cat4 150/50 Mbps. 153 x 76.6 x 10.5 mm (6.02 x 3.02 x 0.41 in). IPS LCD capacitive touchscreen, 16M colors. 5.5 inches, 83.4 cm 2 (~71.2% screen-to-body ratio). 720 x 1280 pixels, 16:9 ratio (~267 ppi density). 32 GB, 3 GB RAM or 16 GB, 2 GB RAM. 13 MP (f/2.0, 1/4", 1.12 µm), phase detection autofocus, LED flash. Geo-tagging, touch focus, face detection, panorama, HDR. Wi-Fi 802.11 b/g/n, Wi-Fi Direct, hotspot. SMS(threaded view), MMS, Email, Push Email, IM. Up to 750 h (2G) / Up to 650 h (3G). Up to 30 h (2G) / Up to 22 h (3G). We can not guarantee that the information on this page is 100% correct. BLU R1 Plus - user opinions and reviews. I put the Sim card from my old Blu phone in this new one and the new one does not recognize the Sim card!! Any ideas out there?. This phone is AMAZING for the price. It's super fast with 3GB RAM. This is my first 6.0 Android Marshmallow device and I find the interface seamless. 4000mAh battery is some of the best life you'll find on a phone, even in higher price price ranges I.... what do you mean with that??? im asking because your statement makes no sense to me.. Samsung Apple Nokia Sony LG HTC Motorola Huawei Microsoft Lenovo Xiaomi Google Acer Asus Oppo OnePlus Meizu BlackBerry Alcatel ZTE Toshiba Vodafone Energizer XOLO Lava Micromax BLU Gionee vivo LeEco Panasonic HP YU verykool Maxwest Plum. BLU R2 Plus BLU R1 HD BLU R2 LTE BLU Studio XL2 ZTE Zmax Pro BLU Life One X3. BLU Vivo X BLU Vivo 8 BLU Vivo One BLU Vivo XL BLU Vivo 5 BLU Life One X3. 
How to Block a Number on Any Phone. How to Build Your Smart Home. How to Create an Anonymous Email Account. How to Save Money on Your Cell Phone Plan. How to Set Up Two-Factor Authentication. How to Set Up and Configure Your Wireless Router. Tips Every Amazon Addict Should Know. Hard Drives, Storage, Networking & Backup. Back Antivirus, Safety & Security. Back Browsers & Operating Systems. Best HR Software & Management Systems. Best Self-Service Business Intelligence (BI) Tools. Best Social Media Management & Analytics Tools. Back Cameras & Photo/Video Editing. Best Video Editing Software for Enthusiasts. Best Samsung Galaxy S8 and S8+ Cases. Best Samsung Galaxy Note 8 Cases. Best MacBook Air Cases and Sleeves. Back Smart Home & Wearables. Back Hard Drives, Storage, Networking & Backup. Back Keyboards, Mice, Monitors & Speakers. Back Shows, Events & Holiday. Back TVs & Streaming Media. Best Managed WordPress Web Hosting Services. Best Small Business Web Hosting Services. The Blu R1 Plus is an affordable unlocked phone with a sturdy build and a bright HD display, but performance issues and merely average battery life put it behind competitors. Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. blog comments powered by Disqus. PCMag reviews products independently , but we may earn affiliate commissions from buying links on this page.. View All 7 Photos in Gallery. Expandable storage and dual SIM slots.. The Blu R1 Plus is an affordable unlocked phone with a sturdy build and a bright HD display, but performance issues and merely average battery life put it behind competitors.. Don't let the name fool you: The Blu R1 Plus isn't the successor to last year's Amazon Prime-subsidized R1 HD, one of our favorite low-cost unlocked phones. At $159.99 the R1 Plus is still quite affordable, but it's a much larger phone with a bright HD display and a sturdy build. Unfortunately, we encountered some performance issues in testing, there's no fingerprint sensor, and battery life is only decent. You'll get better performance for a similar price elsewhere, including Blu's own Life One X2.. The R1 Plus is practically identical to the Life One X2 in both look and feel —i t's only size that sets it apart. At 6.0 by 3.0 by 0.4 inches (HWD) and 6.7 ounces, the Plus is a hefty slab compared with the X2 (5.8 by 2.9 by 0.4 inches, 5.9 ounces). Using it with one hand is a challenge due to the large top and bottom bezel and overall thickness.. View All 7 Photos in Gallery. A clicky volume rocker and power button are on the right, an off-center micro USB charging port is on the bottom, and a 3.5mm headphone jack is up top. As mentioned, the back cover is removable, requiring quite a bit of force to pry off. Underneath you have access to a pair of SIM card slots. There's also a microSD card slot that worked fine with a 256GB card. The 4,000mAh battery is sealed in. There's no fingerprint sensor like you get with the X2. But the overall build quality is sturdy and though the back cover is removable, there's no flex or creak.. The front of the phone is home to a 5.5-inch, 1,280-by-720 IPS display. It's a bright panel with good viewing angles and rich colors, but resolution is on the low side for the size. It works out to 267 pixels per inch, which isn't as sharp as the 5.2-inch, 1080p Life One X2 (424ppi). Text and graphics are reasonably crisp, but close inspection will reveal some pixelation. Outdoor visibility is decent, but not quite enough to overcome direct sunlight.. As with all Blu phones, the R1 Plus is unlocked and will only work on GSM carriers. It supports LTE band 2/4/7/12/17, giving it solid network connectivity when we tested it on AT&T in midtown Manhattan. The phone recorded a top download speed of 15.4Mbps, on par with other AT&T phones we've tested recently. Other connectivity protocols include Wi-Fi on the 2.4GHz band and Bluetooth 4.0. There's no NFC, a standard omission on more affordable phones.. Transmissions were understandable, but there's some garbling along with background hiss. Earpiece volume was also on the low side and noise cancellation didn't do well with traffic noises. The R1 Plus is powered by a Mediatek MT6737 processor clocked at 1.3GHz. It's an entry-level chipset that scored 27,155 on the AnTuTu benchmark, a measure of overall system performance. That's lower than the R1 HD (31,847) and the One X2 (43,984). It's no surprise that the more expensive Moto G5 Plus (63,845) leaves all three phones in the dust with its Qualcomm Snapdragon 625 processor.. There's 3GB of RAM, which allows for a decent amount of multitasking. We didn't have a problem running multiple apps in the background, but during the course of testing the Plus was plagued by persistent issues with touch-screen latency. Pulling down the notification shade required multiple attempts, tapping menu options didn't always register, and scrolling between apps caused significant stuttering. It was most noticeable when playing GTA: San Andrea — attempting to drive was like trying to wade through a lake of molasses.. See How We Test Cell Phones. Battery life is just average, which is disappointing considering the phone's 4,000mAh cell. The Plus clocked 5 hours, 25 mins in our rundown test, in which we stream full-screen video over LTE at maximum brightness. You'll get longer use out of the One X2 (6 hours, 16 minutes) and the Moto G5 Plus (7 hours, 35 minutes). There's a 13-megapixel rear camera sensor that takes solid photos outdoors. Most pictures we took in well-lit conditions had a good amount of detail. But images can get noisy, mostly around the edges. Autoexposure also had a habit of kicking in at inopportune moments, sometimes making sunny days look dark and dreary. Almost every shot we took indoors, including several under the controlled lighting in our photo test lab, ended up blurry. There are manual controls, but despite tweaking shutter speed, focus, ISO, and white balance, we weren't able to see much improvement. The phone records 720p video at a jittery 30fps. The 5-megapixel front-facing camera is decent for selfies.. Like the rest of Blu's phones, the R1 Plus still runs Android 6.0.1 Marshmallow, a nearly two-year-old version of the OS, and we wouldn't count on any future updates. The upside is that Blu's touch on Android is light. There are really no changes to speak of and the UI is largely identical to stock.. You'll find some minor bloatware, including six preinstalled apps from Amazon. None of them can be deleted, but they don't take up too much space. Out of 32GB of total storage, you have 22.65GB available, allowing for a fair amount of more apps, photos, and video. You can always use a microSD card if you need more.. The $160 Blu R1 Plus is affordable, but beyond that, it just doesn't have much to offer. The phone is outmatched in nearly all regards by the Life One X2, which we think is well worth the extra $40 for its sharper display, faster processor, fingerprint sensor, and superior battery life. If you want to spend less, the R1 HD doesn't offer any marked improvements, but it's available for just a third of the price in its Prime-subsidized iteration. And i f you have a higher budget, the Moto G5 Plus will get you the greatest gains in hardware, not to mention current Android software. It's a great balance of price and performance, and our Editors' Choice.. Bottom Line: The Blu R1 Plus is an affordable unlocked phone with a sturdy build and a bright HD display, but performance issues and merely average battery life put it behind competitors.. Ajay Kumar is PCMag's Analyst obsessed with all things mobile. Ajay reviews phones, tablets, accessories, and just about any other gadget that can be carried around with you. In his spare time he games on the rig he built himself, collects Nintendo amiibos, and tries his hand at publishing a novel. Hands On: Alcatel Series 5, 3, 1 Phones, 1T Tablets, Linkzone Hotspots. Skyroam Tips $99 4G Roaming Subscription Service. PCMag reviews products independently , but we may earn affiliate commissions from buying links on this page.. Get Our Best Stories! Email Sign Up. Subscribe to What's New Now. This newsletter may contain advertising, deals, or affiliate links. Subscribing to a newsletter indicates your consent to our Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. You may unsubscribe from the newsletters at any time.. Tech on a Budget: 35 Gift Ideas Under $20. 28 Hidden iOS 11 Tips You Need to Know. 13 Must-Have Tech Gifts Under $50. 10 Games Every Nintendo Switch Player Needs. TV Shows to Watch if You Love 'Stranger Things'. How to Master iOS 11's New Control Center. How to Play DVDs in Windows 10. How to Stop Blue Light From Disturbing Your Sleep. PC, PC Magazine and PC PCMag.com are among the federally registered trademarks of Ziff Davis, LLC and may not be used by third parties without explicit permission.. We have updated our PRIVACY POLICY and encourage you to read it by clicking here .. 
more ... more .... more ... more .... MEMORY: 32 GB + MicroSD. Low pixel density screen (267 ppi). The BLU R1 Plus is powered by a 64-bit, quad-core MediaTek MTK6737 processor, further featuring 3 GB of RAM, 32 GB of internal memory, and microSD card support. Also on board are dual SIM support, a 5 MP front-facing camera, and a 13 MP rear camera (both cameras have LED flashes). Sadly, the phone runs Android 6.0 Marshmallow, instead of the newer and better Android 7 Nougat.. Dimensions: 6.02 x 3.02 x 0.41 inches (153 x 76.6 x 10.5 mm). Weight: 6.74 oz (191 g) the average is 5.6 oz (159 g). Resolution: 720 x 1280 pixels. Features: Scratch-resistant glass (Corning Gorilla Glass 3), Ambient light sensor, Proximity sensor. Pixel density - The pixel density of a display represents the number of pixels over an area of one inch. It’s measured in “pixels per inch”, or ppi. The higher the number, the more detailed and good-looking the display is.. Technology - There are two main screen technologies currently used in phones and tablets: LCD and AMOLED. The former usually features a light source and liquid crystals, while the latter is based on organic light-emitting diodes. Newer LCD variations like IPS-LCD and Super-LCD allow for very accurate color reproduction and very wide viewing angles, where no significant image quality loss is observed. Current AMOLED screens differ in such a way that they can exhibit much more saturated colors (sometimes too much) and incredibly high contrast levels, which is due to black color being completely black in AMOLED displays.. Screen-to-body ratio - Shows what part of the frontal area of a phone its screen occupies.. Software Features: Touch to focus, Face detection, Geo tagging. Features: High Dynamic Range mode (HDR), Video calling, Video sharing. Aperture size - The aperture of a camera is the opening through which light travels before it reaches the camera sensor. The smaller the number is, the bigger this opening is, allowing for more light to pass.. Camera sensor size - A bigger camera sensor is able to capture more light, and thus produce better photos.. Pixel size - The size of an individual pixel on a camera's sensor. Quad-core, 1100 MHz, ARM Cortex-A53, 64-bit, 28 nm. System chip - Most modern handsets use an advanced chip that includes many of the device’s hardware modules like the processor, Wi-Fi, Bluetooth and sometimes even the wireless radio. This field shows what particular system chip (or System-on-a-Chip) is used in the phone.. Processor - The processor is the main computing component of a phone and is a major factor when it comes to the overall speed of the device. Some more powerful smartphones use dual-core and quad-core processors designed to deliver greater performance.. Graphics processor - The graphics processor is important for the smooth operation of the system and especially in games and other applications that may involve complex graphics and animations.. System memory - System memory, or RAM memory is the type of memory that the device uses to temporarily store data from the OS or currently-running apps. The more RAM available to the device, the better the performance will be when multiple or heavier programs are running.. Built-in storage - Bigger storage capacity allows you to keep more content saved onto your device, such as more applications, photos or video. Games and video content typically take up the biggest amount of storage space.. Storage expansion - Some handsets allow you to expand their storage capacity by using a memory expansion card – most often microSD. Expansion memory is mostly suitable for media storage, such as photo, video or music content.. Talk time: 30.00 hours the average is 20 h (1229 min). Stand-by time: 31.2 days (750 hours) the average is 21 days (502 h). Talk time (3G): 22.00 hours the average is 19 h (1147 min). Stand-by time (3G): 27.1 days (650 hours) the average is 25 days (590 h). Capacity - The bigger, the better! However, battery capacity is not the only factor that has an effect on battery life. Those include the chipset in use, the software running on the device, as well as the consumer's unique usage pattern.. Multimedia Screen mirroring: Wireless screen share. Filter by: Album, Artist, Genre, Playlists. Features: Album art cover, Background playback. Cellular GSM: 850, 900, 1800, 1900 MHz. UMTS: 850, 1700/2100, 1900, 2100 MHz. LTE (FDD): Bands 2, 4, 7, 12, 17. Other features: Voice dialing, Voice commands, Voice recording. Features: Mass storage device, USB charging. Other: Tethering, Computer sync, OTA sync. Positioning - This field shows the positioning systems supported by the device. The most common types are GPS and A-GPS.. GPS - This is one of the most widespread global positioning technologies, developed and maintained by the U.S. It uses satellites in order to detect your location. A-GPS - A-GPS stands for Assisted GPS and is the industry standard for positioning and navigation. “Assisted” means that it can use local wireless networks, in addition to satellites, for quicker and more precise localization.. Availability Officially announced: 28 Apr 2017. FCC approval - The Federal Communications Commission (FCC) is an independent United States government agency, directly responsible to Congress. The FCC was established by the Communications Act of 1934 and is charged with regulating interstate and international communications by radio, television, wire, satellite and cable. The FCC's jurisdiction covers the 50 states, the District of Columbia, and U.S. Every wireless phone device that is sold in the U.S. has to be tested and approved for sale by the FCC.. Date approved - Shows the date when the particular phone is approved by the Federal Communications Commission. FCC ID value - Shows the FCC Identifying value of the particular phone. FCC measured SAR - Working closely with federal health and safety agencies, such as the Food and Drug Administration (FDA), the FCC has adopted limits for safe exposure to radiofrequency (RF) energy. These limits are given in terms of a unit referred to as the Specific Absorption Rate (SAR), which is a measure of the amount of radio frequency energy absorbed by the body when using a mobile phone. The FCC requires cell phone manufacturers to ensure that their phones comply with these objective limits for safe exposure. Any cell phone at or below these SAR levels (that is, any phone legally sold in the U.S.) is a "safe" phone, as measured by these standards. The FCC limit for public exposure from cellular telephones is an SAR level of 1.6 watts per kilogram (1.6 W/kg).. To see the full specifications with in-depth details click here.. We list only the specs that are different than the main variant. System memory - System memory, or RAM memory is the type of memory that the device uses to temporarily store data from the OS or currently-running apps. The more RAM available to the device, the better the performance will be when multiple or heavier programs are running.. Built-in storage - Bigger storage capacity allows you to keep more content saved onto your device, such as more applications, photos or video. Games and video content typically take up the biggest amount of storage space.. Despite our efforts to provide full and correct BLU R1 Plus specifications, there is always a possibility of making a mistake. If you see any wrong or incomplete data, please LET US KNOW .. If you are interested in using our specs commercially, check out our Phone specs database licensing page.. $160 Buy. Only hours remain for you to buy the BLU R1 Plus for $109.99 from Amazon or Best Buy. Affordable BLU R1 Plus packs a large battery, old version of Android. BLU R1 Plus checks through FCC with plenty of images in tow. The Samsung Galaxy S9 and S9+ have game-changing cameras with variable aperture and 960fps slow-mo video recording. The Big Barcelona Camera Comparison: iPhone X vs Pixel 2 XL vs Note 8. Samsung Galaxy S9 and S9+ rumor review: Specs, design, features, price and release date. Sony presents Xperia XZ2 and XZ2 Compact: new design and Snapdragon 845. Galaxy S9 Exynos edition gets benchmarked against rivals!. Galaxy S9 first camera comparison vs iPhone X, V30, S8. Samsung Galaxy S9 & S9+ hands-on. MWC 2018: top smartphones to expect. Best smartphone you can buy in 2018. Allo is a quality app, but Google isn't giving it a real chance. All content (phone reviews, news, specs, info), design and layouts are Copyright 2001-2018 phoneArena.com. Reproduction in whole or in part or in any form or medium without written permission is prohibited! Privacy. 
http:/ / www.phonescoop.com/ articles/ article.php? a=19047. Blu is back with another Android handset for U.S. consumers who prefer the unlocked life. The Blu R1 Plus packs a big screen and an even bigger battery. You can opt to use the phone on AT&T or T-Mobile, with support for up to two phone numbers thanks to dual SIM card slots. If you're in the market for a network-flexible smartphone, the R1 Plus handles the basics. Here is Phone Scoop's in-depth review.. Blu sells inexpensive, unlocked smartphones directly to consumers, generally via online outlets such as Amazon.com. The R1 Plus is a bigger, badder version of the R1 HD thanks to a larger display and higher capacity battery. If you're in the market for an unlocked Android handset with a big screen, the R1 Plus is one of many options.. Blu is in a bit of a design rut. Nearly every phone the company has announced in recent months bears a similar (nee, identical) appearance. The front features 2.5D curved glass, while the rear panel is defined by a gray metal plate, gray plastic end caps, and chrome accents. It's a fine look, but Blu is quickly losing any sense of individuality with this recycled design language.. A large slab of black glass forms the R1 Plus' front surface. The glass is curved very slightly along all four edges, which helps the in-hand feel. The rear of the phone is maybe 80% metal and 20% plastic. Chrome accents run from side-to-side across the top and bottom edges and separate the metal portion of the rear panel from the plastic ends. The gray of the metal is mismatched when compared to the gray of the plastic, but this seems to be a theme on Blu's phones. Like many contemporary Blu handsets, the R1 Plus has a conservative appearance that could almost be called classy.. The 5.5-inch screen necessitates a rather large footprint. The R1 Plus is a big phone, there's no other way to describe it. It's more than 6 inches tall, more than 3 inches wide, and a whopping 0.43 inches (10.5mm) thick. Blu did curve the rear panel where it reaches the side edges and this helps push the phone into your palm a bit. People with smaller hands may not be comfortable using the R1 Plus. The size, thickness, and the weight make it the R1 Plus a brick in your pocket. It'll fit in your pants, but you'll always know it's there.. Materials are on par with other Blu phones, but fall short of similarly-priced handsets from Samsung, LG, Motorola and others. The glass front feels fine and is firmly mounted to a thin plastic frame. I'm not in love with the way Blu glued the rear panels to the outer plastic frame. Like many Blu phones, the chrome bands are grooved and have sharp edges to them that cut against your skin. The materials may not be the best ever, but the R1 Plus does appear to be assembled tightly and all the seams are tight.. I always like to see a solid, seamless piece of black glass on phones. The display and bezels disappear into one another with the screen is off. It's quite easy to pick out the user-facing LED flash and user-facing camera. Blu opted for on-screen buttons to interact with the Android operating system, so the only other visible design element on the phone's face is the chrome Blu logo, which is painted along the chin.. The screen lock key and volume toggle are on the right. The screen lock button is more of a nub and measures only a couple millimeters in length. Thankfully it has a ribbed textured to it and a sharp profile. The volume toggle is rather thin, but its length helps a lot. The buttons are a cinch to find without looking. The 3.5mm headphone jack is on top and the microUSB port is on the bottom.. I do like the shape of the R1's rear panel. Like many other Blu handsets, the R1 is at its thickest along the central vertical axis and it tapers towards the sides.. Some may be pleased to learn the entire rear panel lifts off. Removing the panel provides access to the SIM and microSD memory card slots underneath. Clasps hold the panel on pretty tightly and it takes some effort to pry loose. The R1 Pls supports two micro (3FF) SIM cards. (That's odd, as the newer nano (4FF) size is now more common.) The R1 Plus' battery is concealed within the phone's chassis and cannot be removed.. I've grown weary of Blu's tired-and-blue design aesthetic. Maybe I'm being too hard on the company, but the R1 HD is nearly indistinguishable from a half dozen other Blu handsets. Toss in the platter-like dimensions and below-par materials and you have an uninspired smartphone in your hands.. A 5.5-inch display is hiding beneath the massive glass plate on the R1 Plus's face. It offers only 720p HD resolution, which is a bit light in the pixel department. During my tests, I found the screen to be adequate for everyday activities, including email, social networking, gaming, and music listening. You can still enjoy YouTube and other standard video content on the large canvas, but the R1 is no VR machine. The 720p resolution provides just enough to keep the on-screen elements looking smooth and free of pixelated edges.. The LCD panel is quite bright. I had no trouble using the phone indoors and out, but the screen's auto-brightness tool wasn't quite up to the task. You'll likely have to manage brightness manually when stepping outdoors. Viewing angles are pretty good, as I noticed only minimal brightness loss when tilting the phone side to side.. The R1 has a decent screen for the price point.. The Blu R1 Plus may support two SIM cards, but its LTE support is rather weak. It covers Bands 2, 4, 7, 12, and 17, which makes it compatible with the core LTE frequencies of AT&T and T-Mobile, but leaves it lacking some of the newer bands. I took the R1 Plus for a run on both AT&T and T-Mobile's networks and can't say I came away too impressed. The phone performed below average on both networks. In general, it remained attached to LTE 4G, though I saw it drop down to HSPA 3G fairly often in weak coverage areas. Branded carrier phones are more apt to stay on 4G nearly 100% of the time.. The R1 Plus was able to make calls on both networks, but inconsistently. Calls connected on the first dial on AT&T, but often required two attempts on T-Mobile's network. The R1 dropped calls regularly, including at highway speeds. Data speeds were closer to 3G than 4G. The R1 could handle email, social networking, and similar tasks, but streaming media over the network was mired with buffering and frequent pauses. The R1 can connect to AT&T and T-Mobile, but the experience leaves a lot to be desired.. The R1 Plus is acceptable for making phone calls, but not by much. The earpiece delivers enough volume for use in and around your home or office, but it's more or less inaudible anywhere else. I found I needed to keep the volume set up all the way at all times. Voice clarity is middling at best. About half the calls I made were pretty good, but the rest were riddled with nasty distortion. If you're a T-Mobile subscriber, the R1 HD supports VoLTE and HD Voice. Connecting through HD Voice provides a significant boost in call quality. People I spoke to through the R1 Plus said I sounded just okay.. The speakerphone actually pushes out a lot of sound and is mostly free of any distortion. I had no trouble hearing speakerphone calls at home, in the car, or walking around town. Music, ringers, and alerts can all be set to crazy loud volumes. The vibrate alert is quite good.. If there's one killer reason to by the R1 Plus, it's battery life. The 4,000 mAh battery provides two days of life no matter how you use the phone. A week of testing consistently proved the R1 Plus was capable of pushing from breakfast one day to bedtime the next with power to spare.. The only battery-saver tool aboard (which you won't need at all) is the native Android app.. The phone does not support rapid nor wireless charging.. The R1 Plus's Bluetooth radio worked okay. Pairing and connecting was generally not a problem. The R1 managed to hold onto my car's hands-free system, but had trouble with a pair of Bluetooth headphones. Calls I made via the hands-free connection were just barely acceptable. Music sounded pretty thin and tinny even when streamed to a really good speaker.. The phone's GPS radio performed as expected. It was able to find me in just a few seconds and resolved my location to within about 25 feet. It didn't exhibit any lag nor speed issues when used as a real-time navigation device.. The R1 Plus doesn't have NFC. Blu's latest unlocked smartphone for the U.S. market is the Life One X3.. Blu R1 Plus Includes 5.5-Inch Screen, 4,000mAh Battery. Blu today announced the R1 Plus, an update to the R1 HD. The Plus builds on the R1 HD's foundation with a larger 5.5-inch 720p HD screen with curved edges and Gorilla Glass 3.. Review: Blu Life One X2 Mini. This inexpensive, unlocked Android smartphone is smaller than its predecessor and yet better in many ways. The Blu Life One X2 Mini is a fine little phone for those who prefer or need to change networks often.. Blu is selling the Vivo 5 directly to consumers unlocked. This Android device is slim, attractive, and made from good materials.. Blu's latest Android smartphone is the inexpensive Life One X2. It offers a premium metal-and-glass appearance paired with mid-range specs and performance.. 3 GB RAM 4,000 mAh battery. Memory Card Slot, Headphone Jack (3.5mm). Subscribe to news & reviews with RSS. Review: WeBoost Drive Sleek In-Car Signal Booster. WeBoost's Drive Sleek in-vehicle signal booster amplifies wireless signals inside your car. If you're a mobile professional or road trip fanatic and need better wireless performance when behind the wheel, the WeBoost can help.. Review: Speck Presidio Ultra Case for iPhone X. Speck's newest case for the Apple iPhone X, the Presidio Ultra, is a three-piece kit that includes a base case, an extra bumper, and a rugged holster. If you need hardcore protection with a little bit of flexibility throughout the day, the Presidio Ultra is an interesting entry.. Review: IK Multimedia iRig Pro I/O for iPhone. The iRig Pro I/O is a compact audio interface that lets musicians, singers, and podcasters connect their instruments or microphones to Apple iPhones, iPads, and Macs. It takes all the best features of the larger iRig Pro Duo and boils them down to the most essential tools in a highly portable package.. Review: Tech 21 Evo Check Case for Pixel 2 XL. Tech 21's latest accessory for the Google Pixel 2 XL is the Evo Check, a three-layer case that provides protection for drops up to three meters. We put this case to the test to see if it's worth your hard-earned dollars.. Review: Kingston DataTraveler Duo Bolt for iPhone. The Kingston DataTraveler Duo Bolt is a small thumb drive that plugs into the bottom of your iPhone and saves all your photos and videos. If you're looking for a quick way to free up space on your iOS device, the DataTraveler Duo Bolt is ideal in certain situations.. Review: Coolpad Revvl Plus for T-Mobile. The Revvl Plus is an affordable Android slab that delivers an enormous screen at a reasonable price point. Stand-out features include a dual-camera system for capturing bokeh-style portraits, and a fingerprint reader for security. Here is Phone Scoop's in-depth report.. Hands On with the Samsung Galaxy S9 and S9+. Samsung's new flagship handsets, the Galaxy S9 and S9+, are here and they offer lots to be excited about. Samsung took the wining design of last year's phones and upped the ante with improvements to the chassis, cameras, and software.. Review: ZTE Avid 4 for MetroPCS. ZTE's latest low-cost handset for MetroPCS offers entry-level specs and performance. It includes a 5-inch screen, 8-megapixel camera, and Android 7 Nougat. MetroPCS customers can score this handset for next to nothing, but there might be better options. Here is Phone Scoop's in-depth review.. Subscribe to Phone Scoop News with RSS. Subscribe to Phone Scoop on YouTube. All content Copyright 2001-2018 Phone Factor, LLC. Content on this site may not be copied or republished without formal permission.. By registering, you agree to our Terms of Use. We value your privacy and will never share your email address. 
The next video is starting stop. Want to watch this again later?. Sign in to add this video to a playlist.. Sign in to report inappropriate content.. Sign in to make your opinion count.. Sign in to make your opinion count.. The interactive transcript could not be loaded.. Rating is available when the video has been rented.. This feature is not available right now. Lisa Gade reviews the affordable, unlocked BLU R1 Plus Android smartphone. The $160 BLU R1 Plus runs Android 6.0 Marshmallow with a promised upgrade to Android 7 Nougat. It has 4G LTE and is unlocked for use with AT&T, T-Mobile and other GSM carriers (it’s not compatible with Verizon and Sprint). Inside it has a 1.3GHz MediaTek 6737 quad core CPU with 3GB RAM and 32 GB storage plus a microSD card slot. The phone has a 5.5” Gorilla Glass 3 display, a 4,000 mAh battery, a 13MP rear camera and 5MP front camera. It’s available from Amazon, Best Buy and other electronics retailers in the US.. When autoplay is enabled, a suggested video will automatically play next.. Blu R1 Plus Review - $159 Low Cost Android Smartphone with 5.5" Screen. BLU R1 HD Review: A $100 smartphone that packs a punch!. Blu Vivo 5R Unboxing and First Impressions - $200. Blu R1 Plus - In Depth Review - Release is on APRIL 29th!!. $50 Smartphone Review: BLU R1 HD by Amazon. This Blu Life One X2 Android Phone is ONLY $150!. BLU R2 LTE (16 + 2GB) | Unboxing & First Impressions. Blu R1 Plus Update - Multitouch Issues Fixed?. Here's Why the 2017 Ford GT Is Worth $500,000. HTC 10 Revisited: One Year Later. BLU R1 HD How to Hard Reset with buttons via Android System Recovery. Samsung's CES 2018 event in under 12 minutes. Alcatel A30 vs BLU R1 HD: Best Budget Smartphones Under $100. Sign in to add this to Watch Later. 
BLU R1 PLUS Budget Phone Review – Good But Is It Good Enough?. Android , Pocketables , Reviews. MediaTek 6737 1.3 GHz Quad Core. BLU is no stranger to us at Pocketables. The Miami-based company makes its living selling unlocked phones through outlets like Amazon and Best Buy. Their hallmark is making budget-friendly phones that provide value with their build quality and materials. They are continuing this tradition with the $160 BLU R1 PLUS. It’s a budget phone and a follow-up to last year’s BLU R1 HD, a decent phone which can be had for as little as $59 from Amazon. The R1 PLUS is unlocked and ready for use on any GSM carrier.. The R1 PLUS is no flagship phone. It doesn’t rise to the level of the Moto G5 Plus or even BLU’s Life One X2 Mini. But it is actually a decent phone. It’s rocking a 5.5 inch 1280×720 LCD screen. That resolution isn’t super but it is surprisingly OK even though it rings in at only 267 ppi. The glass covering the LCD is slightly curved/rounded at the edges. The back of the phone is covered by a removable metal shell. It’s nicely rounded and feels really good in the hand. Continuing the round theme, all four corners are rounded off. There are no sharp edges to dig into your palm. The power button and volume rocker are both on the right side of the phone and are very easily distinguishable. They’re satisfyingly clicky with just the right amount of travel and resistance.. The phone is available in one color right now – gunmetal grey. There’s really nothing outstanding about the look of the phone but the overall effect of the rounded edges everywhere and the marriage of metal and glass is pleasing. The phone is slightly thick at 10.5 mm but not alarmingly so. Much of that thickness is due to the massive 4,000 mAh battery. I was initially surprised at how much I liked the look of the phone but after showing it around a bit I’ve found that others like it too.. The R1 PLUS is powered by a MediaTek 6737 quad-core CPU running at 1.3 GHz and a Mali T720 GPU. It has 3 GB RAM and 32 GB internal storage which is a pleasant surprise. The phone is running a very vanilla build of Android 6.0. It’s really nice to see phones like this dialing back on the OS customization. Just don’t ever expect to see an update for this phone. It’ll likely sit at 6.0 for its entire lifespan.. As with just about every recent MediaTek phone I’ve used, performance is good for day-to-day tasks like messaging and browsing. Things fall apart a bit when you turn your hand to gaming, however. This is definitely no beast of a phone. It scored 1606 on the Geekbench 4 multi-core CPU benchmark test and 954 on the GPU test. That puts it somewhere in Galaxy S4 or Nexus 5 territory. That’s not horrible for what this phone costs you but you need to know going in that it isn’t a powerhouse device.. The screen and processor sacrifices pay dividends when it comes to battery life. The R1 PLUS seems to last forever. I get 2 days of use out of the phone easily. There just aren’t that many pixels to push and one area that MediaTek does thrive is power efficiency. Add to that the massive 4,000 mAh battery and you’ve got a confluence of circumstances lend themselves to excellent battery life.. There’s not too much to say about the camera. The main camera has a 13 MP sensor and the front is 5 MP. The front camera does have an LED flash which is a nicety. Photos are only average in good lighting and poor in low-light situations. The camera sometimes has a difficult time focusing resulting in really blurry shots. Pictures tend to look a little washed-out. It’ll do fine for most Facebook, Instagram, and Snapchat pics but don’t count on anything spectacular.. Value is an area where BLU typically excels. As usual, they include everything that you’ll need to get started enjoying your phone. The R1 PLUS is packaged with a screen protector, TPU case, charger and micro-USB cable, SIM adapter (the phone accepts micro SIMs), and guitar pick for opening the back. The phone is priced low, too, at only $160. The thing is, though, that the excellent BLU Life ONE X2 Mini can be had for only $20 more. The Life ONE X2 Mini has better specs across the board (except for battery size and screen size) with a Full HD screen, fingerprint reader, Qualcomm CPU, Quick Charge 3.0, etc. Unless you are really strapped for cash, I just can’t see choosing the R1 PLUS over the Life One X2 Mini. Maybe it would make more sense to price this phone at $140 to provide a little differentiation.. I actually like the BLU R1 PLUS. I think it’s a fine phone for buyers on a budget or for children and teens. I thought I’d hate the relatively low-res screen but in practical usage it didn’t bother me at all. I think at this point people buying sub $200 phones should have properly set expectations. You won’t get a phone that rivals the Galaxy S8 or iPhone 7 but there is some value to be had. For $160 you get a decent phone that will last all day and more. Yet, it’s hard to recommend this phone over something like the $180 Life ONE X2 Mini unless you just must have that larger screen and bigger battery or just don’t want to spend any more than necessary.. I'm a long-time tech and gadget enthusiast that currently uses Android, Windows 10 Mobile, and iOS devices. I'm always interested in ways to improve my family's life with new devices and services, though my beautiful wife might just say I'm addicted to playing with gadgets.. Jabra Speak 710 speakerphone/wireless speaker review. Eyedro Wireless Home Electricity Monitor review. iClever Bluetooth Speaker BTS05 – review. Check Out This Disney Parks Exclusive OtterBox Case. Huawei Mate 10 Pro review, a week in. [DEAL] The BLU VIVO X is On Sale for $199 for a Limited Time. Get a grip on your games with Gamevice. Talking to your kids about Meltdown and Spectre. Post was not sent - check your email addresses!. Email check failed, please try again. Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.. 
The next video is starting stop. Want to watch this again later?. Sign in to add this video to a playlist.. Sign in to report inappropriate content.. Sign in to make your opinion count.. Sign in to make your opinion count.. The interactive transcript could not be loaded.. Rating is available when the video has been rented.. This feature is not available right now. The R1 Plus is the latest budget-friendly smartphone from BLU. For $160 off-contract, it features a 5.5" HD display, MediaTek 6737 processor with 3GB RAM, 32GB storage, 13MP rear- and 8MP front-facing selfie camera with LED flash, 4G LTE and Android 6.0 Marshmallow. Will the R1 PLUS be your next smartphone? BLU R1 Plus on Amazon: http://amzn.to/2oCKrDv Check out Beau HD's personal channel: http://goo.gl/E5iM4N PhoneDog: http://www.PhoneDog.com Twitter: http://twitter.com/PhoneDog Facebook: https://www.facebook.com/phonedog Google Plus: https://plus.google.com/+phonedog Instagram: http://instagram.com/phonedog. When autoplay is enabled, a suggested video will automatically play next.. BLU R2 LTE (16 + 2GB) | Unboxing & First Impressions. The MOST Underrated Android Phone // BLU Pure XR. Blu R1 Plus Review - $159 Low Cost Android Smartphone with 5.5" Screen. The Super Smartphone You've Never Heard Of.... The Android Phone Everyone Should Buy! - BLU VIVO 5. Blu R1 Plus - In Depth Review - Release is on APRIL 29th!!. BLU R1 HD Review: A $100 smartphone that packs a punch!. OnePlus 5T - Why I HATE THIS PHONE!. How to Learn Faster with the Feynman Technique (Example Included). ▶️ BLU R1 Plus | First Look. $50 Smartphone Review: BLU R1 HD by Amazon. Average North Korean vs the Average South Korean - People Comparison. BLU Life Max Unboxing and First Impressions. When an Amateur Challenges a ​Chess Grandmaster. BLU R1 HD How to remove replace back cover & install SIM Card, insert Memory Card. Unboxing The Mind Bending Wallpaper TV.... DON'T Buy The Samsung Galaxy Note 8. Sign in to add this to Watch Later. 
Our new search experience requires JavaScript to be enabled. Please enable JavaScript on your browser , then try again .. All Categories Antiques Art Baby Books Business & Industrial Cameras & Photo Cell Phones & Accessories Clothing, Shoes & Accessories Coins & Paper Money Collectibles Computers/Tablets & Networking Consumer Electronics Crafts Dolls & Bears DVDs & Movies eBay Motors Entertainment Memorabilia Gift Cards & Coupons Health & Beauty Home & Garden Jewelry & Watches Music Musical Instruments & Gear Pet Supplies Pottery & Glass Real Estate Specialty Services Sporting Goods Sports Mem, Cards & Fan Shop Stamps Tickets & Experiences Toys & Hobbies Travel Video Games & Consoles Everything Else. Hi ( Sign in to bid or buy) Daily Deals Gift Cards Help & Contact Sell. Summary Recently Viewed Bids/Offers Watch List Purchase History Selling Saved Searches Saved Sellers Messages. Refine your search for BLU R1 Plus. All Listings - Current page. results for BLU R1 Plus. Save BLU R1 Plus to get e-mail alerts and updates on your eBay Feed.. Unfollow BLU R1 Plus to stop getting updates on your eBay Feed.. You'll receive email and Feed alerts when new items arrive. Afghanistan - AFG Albania - ALB Algeria - DZA American Samoa - ASM Andorra - AND Angola - AGO Anguilla - AIA Antigua and Barbuda - ATG Argentina - ARG Armenia - ARM Aruba - ABW Australia - AUS Austria - AUT Azerbaijan Republic - AZE Bahamas - BHS Bahrain - BHR Bangladesh - BGD Barbados - BRB Belarus - BLR Belgium - BEL Belize - BLZ Benin - BEN Bermuda - BMU Bhutan - BTN Bolivia - BOL Bosnia and Herzegovina - BIH Botswana - BWA Brazil - BRA British Virgin Islands - VGB Brunei Darussalam - BRN Bulgaria - BGR Burkina Faso - BFA Burma - MMR Burundi - BDI Cambodia - KHM Cameroon - CMR Canada - CAN Cape Verde Islands - CPV Cayman Islands - CYM Central African Republic - CAF Chad - TCD Chile - CHL China - CHN Colombia - COL Comoros - COM Congo, Democratic Republic of the - COD Congo, Republic of the - COG Cook Islands - COK Costa Rica - CRI Cote d Ivoire (Ivory Coast) - CIV Croatia, Republic of - HRV Cyprus - CYP Czech Republic - CZE Denmark - DNK Djibouti - DJI Dominica - DMA Dominican Republic - DOM Ecuador - ECU Egypt - EGY El Salvador - SLV Equatorial Guinea - GNQ Eritrea - ERI Estonia - EST Ethiopia - ETH Falkland Islands (Islas Malvinas) - FLK Fiji - FJI Finland - FIN France - FRA French Guiana - GUF French Polynesia - PYF Gabon Republic - GAB Gambia - GMB Georgia - GEO Germany - DEU Ghana - GHA Gibraltar - GIB Greece - GRC Greenland - GRL Grenada - GRD Guadeloupe - GLP Guam - GUM Guatemala - GTM Guernsey - GGY Guinea - GIN Guinea-Bissau - GNB Guyana - GUY Haiti - HTI Honduras - HND Hong Kong - HKG Hungary - HUN Iceland - ISL India - IND Indonesia - IDN Ireland - IRL Israel - ISR Italy - ITA Jamaica - JAM Japan - JPN Jersey - JEY Jordan - JOR Kazakhstan - KAZ Kenya - KEN Kiribati - KIR Korea, South - KOR Kuwait - KWT Kyrgyzstan - KGZ Laos - LAO Latvia - LVA Lebanon - LBN Liechtenstein - LIE Lithuania - LTU Luxembourg - LUX Macau - MAC Macedonia - MKD Madagascar - MDG Malawi - MWI Malaysia - MYS Maldives - MDV Mali - MLI Malta - MLT Marshall Islands - MHL Martinique - MTQ Mauritania - MRT Mauritius - MUS Mayotte - MYT Mexico - MEX Micronesia - FSM Moldova - MDA Monaco - MCO Mongolia - MNG Montenegro - MNE Montserrat - MSR Morocco - MAR Mozambique - MOZ Namibia - NAM Nauru - NRU Nepal - NPL Netherlands - NLD Netherlands Antilles - ANT New Caledonia - NCL New Zealand - NZL Nicaragua - NIC Niger - NER Nigeria - NGA Niue - NIU Norway - NOR Oman - OMN Pakistan - PAK Palau - PLW Panama - PAN Papua New Guinea - PNG Paraguay - PRY Peru - PER Philippines - PHL Poland - POL Portugal - PRT Puerto Rico - PRI Qatar - QAT Reunion - REU Romania - ROU Russian Federation - RUS Rwanda - RWA Saint Helena - SHN Saint Kitts-Nevis - KNA Saint Lucia - LCA Saint Pierre and Miquelon - SPM Saint Vincent and the Grenadines - VCT San Marino - SMR Saudi Arabia - SAU Senegal - SEN Serbia - SRB Seychelles - SYC Sierra Leone - SLE Singapore - SGP Slovakia - SVK Slovenia - SVN Solomon Islands - SLB Somalia - SOM South Africa - ZAF Spain - ESP Sri Lanka - LKA Suriname - SUR Swaziland - SWZ Sweden - SWE Switzerland - CHE Taiwan - TWN Tajikistan - TJK Tanzania - TZA Thailand - THA Togo - TGO Tonga - TON Trinidad and Tobago - TTO Tunisia - TUN Turkey - TUR Turkmenistan - TKM Turks and Caicos Islands - TCA Tuvalu - TUV Uganda - UGA Ukraine - UKR United Arab Emirates - ARE United Kingdom - UK United States - USA Uruguay - URU Uzbekistan - UZB Vanuatu - VUT Vatican City State - VAT Venezuela - VEN Vietnam - VNM Virgin Islands (U.S) - VIR Wallis and Futuna - WLF Western Sahara - ESH Western Samoa - WSM Yemen - YEM Zambia - ZMB Zimbabwe - ZWE. BLU R1 Plus - 4G LTE Unlocked Smartphone - 32GB + 3GB RAM -Black. BLU R1 Plus R0051UU 16GB Unlocked GSM LTE Quad-Core Phone w/ 13MP Camera - Black. 3 new & refurbished from $89.95. BLU R1 Plus - 4G LTE Unlocked Smartphone - 32GB + 3GB RAM - Black. BLU R1 Plus 16GB 4G LTE Unlocked GSM Smartphone - Black. BLU R1 Plus R0051UU 16GB Unlocked GSM LTE Quad-Core Phone w/ 13MP Camera - Black. BLU R1 Plus 32GB 3GB Ram Unlocked GSM Smartphone 4G LTE 5.5" Dual Sim Black NEW. 3 new & refurbished from $109.95. Blu R1 Plus (Unknown Carrier) Clean ESN. BLU R1 Plus - 4G LTE Unlocked Smartphone - 32GB + 3GB RAM -Black. BLU R1 Plus R0071UU 32GB Unlocked GSM LTE Quad-Core Phone w/ 13MP Camera - Black. 3 new & refurbished from $109.95. BLU R1 Plus - 4G LTE Unlocked Smartphone - 32GB + 3GB RAM -Black. BLU R1 Plus (Unknown Carrier) Clean ESN. BLU R1 Plus 16GB 4G LTE Unlocked GSM Smartphone - Gray. BLU R1 Plus 16GB 4G LTE Unlocked GSM Smartphone - Gray. BLU R1 HD Android Smartphone Dual Sim MicroSD Support 4G LTE GSM Plus Unlocked. BLU R1 Plus R0051UU 16GB Unlocked GSM LTE Quad-Core Phone w/ 13MP Camera - Black. 3 new & refurbished from $89.95. BLU R1 Plus R0071UU Unluck Cell Phone. BLU R1 Plus 16GB 4G LTE Unlocked GSM Smartphone - Black. 3 new & refurbished from $89.95. BLU R1 Plus 16GB 4G LTE Unlocked GSM Smartphone - Black. 3 new & refurbished from $89.95. BLU R1 Plus 16GB 4G LTE Unlocked GSM Smartphone - Black. 3 new & refurbished from $89.95. BLU R1 Plus R0071UU 32GB Unlocked GSM LTE Quad-Core Phone w/ 13MP Camera - Black. 3 new & refurbished from $109.95. BLU R1 HD R0010UU - 16GB - Black (Unlocked) Smartphone. BLU R1 HD 16GB Black Dual SIM. BLU R1 HD SMARTPHONE, 16GB Black (cracked screen) PARTS ONLY. BLU R1 HD Cell Phone 16GB - Black, GSM, Unlocked, Dual Sim, Android Smartphone. BLU R1 HD 16GB 4G LTE 5.0" HD R0031UU Unlocked GSM Dual SIM Smartphone Black. BLU R1 HD R0011uu 5" Smartphone 8GB GSM Unlocked Dual SIM Android -Black- NEW. BLU R1 HD (16GB, 2GB RAM) 5.0" 4G LTE Dual Sim UNLOCKED. Blu R2 3G Unlocked Android Cell Phone GSM Dual SIM 3G Smartphone 8GB +1GB RAM. BLU R1 HD R0010UU - 16GB - Black (Unlocked) Smartphone USED. BLU R2 PLUS 4G LTE 5.5 Full HD Unlocked Smartphone 32GB + 3GB RAM -Black New. (BROKEN) BLU R1 HD SMARTPHONE, 16GB Black. BLU R1 HD R0030UU 16 GB Black Dual SIM Smartphone Unlocked Smart Cellphone. BLU R1 HD R0031uu 5" Smartphone 16GB GSM Unlocked Dual SIM Android -Black- NEW. Original Smartphone BLU R1 HD 8 GB Black Best Android 6 Unlocked Camera 5MP New. BLU R1 HD Cell Phone 16GB - Black Standard Version - GSM Without Offers & Ads. BLU R1 HD (16GB, 2GB RAM) 5.0" 4G LTE Dual Sim Android 6.0 UNLOCKED R0031U BLACK. BLU R1 HD 16GB Black 4G Lockscreen Without Offers & Ads Android Dual Sim Android. Cell Phone R1 HD 16 GB Storage Plus 2 GB RAM 1.3 GHz Quad Core 4G LTE Dual SIM. BLU R1 HD SMARTPHONE, 16GB Black (cracked screen). BLU R1 HD Cell Phone 16GB - Black Standard Version - Without Offers & Ads. BLU R1 HD (16GB, 2GB RAM) 5.0" 4G LTE Dual Sim,1YEAR BLU COMPANY WARRANTY-BLACK. OpenBox BLU R1 HD - 16 GB - Black - Prime Exclusive - with Lockscreen Offers &. BLU R1 HD - 16GB - Black (Unlocked) Shattered screen, parts only. BLU R1 HD (16GB, 2GB RAM) 5.0" 4G LTE Dual Sim Android 6.0 UNLOCKED brand new. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Authorized Dealer, 30-Day Money Back Guaranteed. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Authorized Dealer, 30-Day Money Back Guaranteed. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Authorized Dealer, 30-Day Money Back Guaranteed. Customs services and international tracking provided. Authorized Dealer, 30-Day Money Back Guaranteed. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. eBay determines this price through a machine learned model of the product's sale prices within the last 90 days.. eBay determines trending price through a machine learned model of the product’s sale prices within the last 90 days. "New" refers to a brand-new, unused, unopened, undamaged item, and "Used" refers to an item that has been used previously.. Top Rated Plus Sellers with highest buyer ratings Returns, money back Ships in a business day with tracking Learn More. Top Rated Plus Sellers with highest buyer ratings Returns, money back Ships in a business day with tracking Learn More. Not finding what you're looking for? Save BLU R1 Plus to get e-mail alerts and updates on your eBay Feed.. $ Enter minimum price to $ Enter maximum price. Please enter a minimum and/or maximum price before continuing.. Site Map Copyright © 1995-2018 eBay Inc. Accessibility , User Agreement , Privacy , Cookies and AdChoice Norton Secured - powered by Verisign. Number of bids and bid amounts may be slightly out of date. See each listing for international shipping options and costs.. 
more ... more .... more ... more .... BLU R1 Plus checks through FCC with plenty of images in tow. BLU R1 Plus checks through FCC with plenty of images in tow. posted by Ben R.. Tags :. BLU , for those who may be unfamiliar, is an American firm that produces affordable smartphones. Though based in the United States, its handsets are manufactured in China and for the most part, are rebrands of devices previously rolled out by Chinese companies like Gionee. Not too long ago, the BLU R1 HD was released. with quite a decent feature set for its $99 price tag, which was cheaper still for Amazon Prime members willing to deal with personalized ads on the lock screen. R1 Plus has checked through the FCC, and Amazon could once again be a significant part of the bargain.. The FCC application includes many pictures of the device and its manual, the latter of which reveals a home screen with an abundance of Amazon apps. After the not-too-successful Fire Phone , Amazon still appears keen to have its say in the smartphone industry, and the collaboration with BLU ensures that its apps and services can still reach the mainstream.. It's not certain if the BLU R1 Plus will be exclusive to Amazon, but it does look that way. It'll apparently get a 5-inch 720p display and a MediaTek MT6737V. -- slightly more powerful and efficient than the MT6735 chip of the R1 HD. The Plus model looks set to pack a monstrous 4100 mAh battery -- a marked advance on the 2500 mAh juice pack of the R1 HD -- as well as dual SIM slots and a microUSB port. And, yes, there'll apparently be a 3.5 mm jack.. By the look of things, owners can expect the likes of Amazon Shopping, Drive, Kindle, Music, Video, Photo and Alexa on board. That's quite a lot of potential bloatware, but the price will surely be the clincher. As aforementioned, the BLU R1 HD dropped at around a hundred bucks, but Prime members get an ad-supported experience for as low as $49.99. Even in this day and age, that's a very cheap smartphone.. Since the Plus version includes a minor processor hike and generous battery bump, it's likely the cost will be higher than that of the R1 HD. No specific pricing or availability info is available as yet, but we'll be sure to pass the finer details on as they emerge.. source: FCC via Liliputing , AndroidHeadlines. Sony Xperia XZ2 impressions: Gone with the old, in with the new. Samsung Galaxy S9 and S9+ hands-on: Worthy of celebrity hands. BLU R1 Plus Compare. Affordable BLU R1 Plus packs a large battery, old version of Android. (Posts: 2252; Member since: 06 May 2009). posted on 24 Oct 2016, 23:41. The R1 HD has been out of stock for a week or more. Pretty cool to see an upgraded version already!. (Posts: 18; Member since: 14 Sep 2015). posted on 15 Nov 2016, 12:08. got an email from amazon about a security issue with the R1 HD. now the phones been called out explicitly in this article about chinese software that's sending data back to china. guess we know why the phone is so cheap, and it ain't the ads!. Want to comment? Please login or register .. BLU R1 Plus checks through FCC with plenty of images in tow. BLU R1 Plus checks through FCC with plenty of images in tow. Gear S4 may come with a blood pressure monitor, Samsung patent reveals. Google Pay launches today, but its most important feature is not here yet. Galaxy S9 and S9+ previewed in glorious detail with full specs and release date. Galaxy S9 and S9+ price and release date on Verizon, AT&T, T-Mobile and Best Buy. The Samsung Galaxy S9 and S9+ have game-changing cameras with variable aperture and 960fps slow-mo video recording. The Big Barcelona Camera Comparison: iPhone X vs Pixel 2 XL vs Note 8. Samsung Galaxy S9 and S9+ rumor review: Specs, design, features, price and release date. Sony presents Xperia XZ2 and XZ2 Compact: new design and Snapdragon 845. Galaxy S9 Exynos edition gets benchmarked against rivals!. Galaxy S9 first camera comparison vs iPhone X, V30, S8. Samsung Galaxy S9 & S9+ hands-on. MWC 2018: top smartphones to expect. Best smartphone you can buy in 2018. Allo is a quality app, but Google isn't giving it a real chance. All content (phone reviews, news, specs, info), design and layouts are Copyright 2001-2018 phoneArena.com. Reproduction in whole or in part or in any form or medium without written permission is prohibited! Privacy. 
Home Shop MWC News Reviews Features Opinions Videos The Gadgets 360 Show Cell Guru Prime Tech Smartphone Reviews Tech and Gadget Reviews How-To Videos Video Game Reviews and Features Top Lists by Gadgets 360 Unboxing and Hands-On Videos Podcasts Compare Mobiles Phone Finder DEALS. Mobiles Tablets Apps Gaming Cameras PC/Laptops AUDIO/VIDEO How To Telecom Science INDIA INTERNET SOCIAL MEDIA WEARABLES हिंदी. Acer Adcom Alcatel Apple Archos Asus BlackBerry Blu Celkon Coolpad Datawind Fly Gionee HTC Huawei iBall iBerry Idea InFocus Intex iVoomi Jivi Karbonn Lava LeEco Lenovo LG Lyf Maxx Mobile Meizu Micromax Microsoft Motorola MTS Nokia Obi Oppo Panasonic Philips Ringing Bells Samsung Sony Spice Swipe Videocon Vivo Wickedleak Xiaomi Xolo Yu Zen Ziox Zopo ZTE. Home Mobiles Phone Finder Blu R1 Plus. SPECIFICATIONS USER REVIEWS NEWS. Share on Facebook Tweet Share Share Email Reddit. Blu R1 Plus The phone comes with a 5.50-inch touchscreen display The Blu R1 Plus is powered by 1.3GHz quad-core Mediatek 6737 processor and it comes with 2GB of RAM. The phone packs 16GB of internal storage that can be expanded up to 32GB via a microSD card. As far as the cameras are concerned, the Blu R1 Plus packs a 13-megapixel primary camera on the rear and a 8-megapixel front shooter for selfies. The Blu R1 Plus runs Android 6.0 and is powered by a 4000mAh non removable battery. It measures 153.00 x 76.60 x 10.50 (height x width x thickness) and weigh 190.00 grams. The Blu R1 Plus is a dual SIM (GSM and GSM). Connectivity options include Wi-Fi, GPS, Bluetooth, 3G and 4G. Sensors on the phone include Proximity sensor, Accelerometer and Ambient light sensor.. Blu R1 Plus With 4000mAh Battery, 13-Megapixel Camera Launched. More Blu mobiles Blu mobiles price in India. Dimensions (mm) 153.00 x 76.60 x 10.50 Weight (g) 190.00 Battery capacity (mAh) 4000 Removable battery No. Screen size (inches) 5.50 Touchscreen Yes. Processor 1.3GHz quad-core Processor make Mediatek 6737 RAM 2GB Internal storage 16GB Expandable storage Yes Expandable storage type microSD Expandable storage up to (GB) 32. Rear camera 13-megapixel Rear Flash LED Front camera 8-megapixel Front Flash LED. Wi-Fi Yes GPS Yes Bluetooth Yes, v 4.20 NFC No Infrared No USB OTG No Headphones 3.5mm FM No Number of SIMs 2 SIM 1 GSM/CDMA GSM 3G Yes 4G/ LTE Yes Supports 4G in India (Band 40) No SIM 2 GSM/CDMA GSM 3G Yes 4G/ LTE Yes Supports 4G in India (Band 40) No. Compass/ Magnetometer No Proximity sensor Yes Accelerometer Yes Ambient light sensor Yes Gyroscope No Barometer No Temperature sensor No. Error or missing information? Please let us know. User ratings and reviews for Blu R1 Plus. 0 Out of 5. 5 Star 4 Star 3 Star 2 Star 1 Star. Blu R1 Plus With 4000mAh Battery, 13-Megapixel Camera Launched. Blu Vivo X Blu Vivo 8L Blu S1 Blu Advance A5 Plus Blu Advance A5 Blu Vivo 8 Blu Life Max Blu Life One X2 Blu Vivo 5R Blu Pure XR Blu Energy XL Blu Tank 2 Blu Diva II Blu Life Mark Blu Vivo XL Blu Vivo 5 Blu Energy X Blu Studio Energy 2 Blu Pure XL Blu Vivo Air LTE Blu Win JR LTE Blu Win HD LTE. Sony Xperia Z5 Compact Blu R1 Plus vs. Zte Nubia N1 Blu R1 Plus vs. Samsung Galaxy S5 Plus Blu R1 Plus vs. Nokia 515 Blu R1 Plus vs. Xiaomi Redmi Note 3 Blu R1 Plus vs. Samsung Galaxy C5 Pro Alcatel U5 Hd vs. Blu R1 Plus Alcatel Idol 5s vs. Blu R1 Plus Blu R1 Plus vs. Zte Nubia Z17 Mini Blu R1 Plus vs. Creative Muvo 10, Muvo 20, Woof. The sly world of spy cameras. Nokia 7 Plus Is an Android One Phone With Dual Rear Cameras, Zeiss Optics Samsung Galaxy S9, Galaxy S9+ Pre-Orders Now Open in India Nokia 7 Plus vs Nokia 7 Samsung Galaxy S9, Galaxy S9+ With Improved Cameras, AR Emoji Launched Nokia 8110 4G Is a 'Slider' Feature Phone With Google, Facebook Apps Mi MIX 2S With Snapdragon 845 Confirmed by Xiaomi; Launching on March 27 OnePlus 5, OnePlus 5T HD Content Streaming Issue Fixed, With a Catch Vodafone to Offer 4.5GB Data Per Day for 28 Days at Rs. 799: Report Vivo Unveils Concept Phone With Half-Screen Fingerprint Scanning at MWC Samsung Galaxy S9 vs Galaxy S8 vs Galaxy Note 8. Samsung phones price list Lyf phones price list Micromax phones price list Sony phones price list Htc phones price list Lenovo phones price list Intex phones price list Lava phones price list Apple phones price list Nokia phones price list Xolo phones price list Lg phones price list Vivo phones price list Oppo phones price list Gionee phones price list Motorola phones price list Blackberry phones price list Xiaomi phones price list. Sitemaps Archives Advertise About Us Feedback Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions Complaint Redressal Careers Contact Us RSS Ethics Blu R1 Plus in Hindi. © Copyright Red Pixels Ventures Limited 2018. Subject Comments. 
Sony Xperia XZ2 and Xperia XZ2 Compact go live with new…. LG V30S ThinQ arrives with an AI-powered camera, more RAM and…. Alcatel 3 Series will be offered in three variants. ZTE USA debuts Tempo Go as first Android Go phone for…. HUAWEI announces a 5G endpoint for telecom carries and the MediaPad…. All Accessory Reviews App Reviews Hardware Reviews Smartphone Reviews. UHANS Max 2 review: A mega-phablet that won’t break the bank. Seven astrology apps for those who want to know what fate…. Blu Vivo X review: Can you get a flagship experience for…. Seven self-help and motivation apps to channel your inner peace. Tricks, tips, and tweaks: 10 things every Pixel 2 absolutely must…. Five Android Oreo features you can install on any Android phone. Five ways to beef up your Instagram privacy. Nine tips & tricks to master Google Keep. How to disable personalized ads on Android. Moto E4 Plus vs BLU R1 Plus (Affordable Smartphone Showdown). Looking to buy an affordable phone? Check out these two models. Motorola just unveiled the wallet-friendly Moto E4 and Moto E4 Plus just a few days ago. If you’ve been thinking of purchasing an affordable phone this summer, the Moto E4 lineup has probably already caught your attention.. But there are plenty of other worthy alternatives out there that won’t break the bank. Like the BLU R1 Plus which is currently available on Amazon. And in this article, we’ll compare the two models to see which phone offers the best value for money.. The Moto E4 Plus looks very much like the previous models Motorola announced this year. The phone sports a metal design and includes a physical home button reminiscent of the Moto G5, which also doubles as a fingerprint scanner. The product offers a 5.5-inch display with 720p resolution. The giant speaker slits of the earlier Moto E3 models have been removed.. When it comes to the BLU R1 Plus, the device is housed in a metal cover powder coated to ensure a better handheld feel. The device features a removable rear cover, but note that the battery is not removable.. Like the Moto E4 Plus, the BLU R1 Plus includes a 5.5-inch panel with 1280 x 720 resolution and Gorilla Glass 3 protection.. The Moto E4 Plus is powered by a newer Snapdragon 427 processor which is a quad-core SoC carrying four 1.4GHz Cortex A53 cores (in markets outside the use the E4 Plus will be powered by MediaTek MTK6737M). The phone also includes 2GB of RAM and 16GB/32GB of internal storage with the possibility to expand via a microSD card slot up to 128GB.. The BLU R1 Plus, on the other hand, includes 1.3GHz quad-core MediaTek 6737 processor that works in concert with 3GB of RAM and 32GB of internal storage. A microSD card slot is also available, but you’ll only be able to increase memory capacity up to 64GB. With 3GB of RAM onboard and a fairly decent MediaTek processor, the BLU R1 Plus can handle most daily tasks without problems.. We’ll have to wait and see how well the Moto E4 Plus can handle tasks with only 2GB of RAM available, but Android and processor optimizations will surely help.. Budget devices don’t often impress on the photography front, but the Moto E4 Plus does bundle a nice 13-megapixel main camera with f/2.0 aperture, autofocus and LED flash, as well as a 5-megapixel selfie snapper with f/2.2 and LED flash.. As for the BLU R1 Plus includes a 13-megapixel camera located on the back with f/2.2 and a 5-megapixel secondary shooter. In our review of the BLU R1 Plus , we found the main camera produced decent results. Sure images shot in lower light scenarios turned up looking a bit more granny and colors would seem over-saturated at times, but given that this is a budget device you shouldn’t expect to take Pixel-like photos with it.. The recently unveiled Moto E4 Plus runs Android 7.1 Nougat out of the box, while the BLU R1 Plus ships with the older Android 6.0.1 Marshmallow pre-installed.. The newer software on the Moto E4 Plus means improved battery efficiency, Google Assistant support and much more. Also, The E4 Plus takes advantage of the nifty one-button Nav gesture control we detailed in our Moto G5 Plus review .. Despite offering an older version of Android, the BLU phone features a pretty stock experience without including huge amounts of bloatware. Still, you’ll stumble upon a fair share of pre-installed Amazon apps like Amazon Kindle, Amazon Music , Audible, Amazon Photos, Amazon Apps & Games and Amazon Video.. One of the main selling points of the Moto E4 Plus is that it comes equipped with a huge non-removable 5,000 mAh battery and Motorola promises it will last you 2 whole days on a single charge.. The BLU R1 Plus also relies on a pretty hefty battery of 4,000 mAh capacity. In our review, we found the powerhouse is capable of sustaining far more than a day’s use.. You can currently purchase the BLU R1 Plus for $159.99 a pop from Amazon. As for the Moto E4 Plus, the device is going to become available for purchase towards the end of the month for $179.99.. So for $20 extra you’ll be able to get a phone with newer software onboard (Android 7.1.1 Nougat) and a bigger battery, but don’t forget the BLU R1 Plus includes 3GB of RAM.. TAGS 720p Android 6.0.1 Marshmallow Android 7.1.1 Nougat BLU R1 Plus budget MediaTek 6737 Moto E4 Plus motorola Snapdragon 427. Previous article Google might be working on its own chips, recent hire indicates. Next article Most Popular Ringtones Free offers a small collection of average ringtones, nothing more (Review). A slight synesthesiac with a love for words. Follower of all tech trends, daydreamer and art enthusiast. Seven astrology apps for those who want to know what fate has in store. Have a moment to spare? Try these quick and casual games. This $29 bundle is your ultimate JavaScript training companion. Tricks, tips, and tweaks: 10 things every Pixel 2 absolutely must.... The Pixel 2 is one of the best phones you can buy today. Not just for the hardware, but because of the incredible amount of power in Android 8.0 Oreo. Let us help you customize the experience to your exact liking!. Sony Xperia XZ2 and Xperia XZ2 Compact go live with new.... Sony launches a new pair of flagships with refined design, 18:9 aspect ratio and the powerful Snapdragon 845 processor under the hood.. LG V30S ThinQ arrives with an AI-powered camera, more RAM and.... Alcatel 3 Series will be offered in three variants. Tricks, tips, and tweaks: 10 things every Pixel 2 absolutely must know. Five Android Oreo features you can install on any Android phone. Follow us on Instagram @androidguys. Stop missing deadlines and grab a lifetime license of Aeon Timeline.... Isn't it time you start acting responsibly? Pick up a lifetime license to Aeon Timeline 2 and you'll be better organized and ready to hit deadlines and goals in a timely manner. Save 60% through our store today!. Charge up your phone with a sophisticated looking marble wireless Qi.... Seven astrology apps for those who want to know what fate.... Pay as little as you want to learn Python with our.... Pick up a lifetime 2TB Zoolz cloud storage plan for $50. Tricks, tips, and tweaks: 10 things every Pixel 2 absolutely must know. Five Android Oreo features you can install on any Android phone. Five ways to beef up your Instagram privacy. Now in our tenth year, AndroidGuys loves to provide readers with the latest news and rumors as well as reviews, opinion pieces, and tools to get more from your Android.. 
https:/ / www.phonescoop.com/ phones/ phone.php? p=5466. 720 x 1280 pixels 267 ppi. 4000 mAh LiPolymer Non-removable Talk: 22 hours max. 1.3 GHz MediaTek MT6737 quad-core 3 GB RAM also available with 2 GB. 32 GB raw hardware 25 GB available to user Expandable via memory card also available with 16 GB. 13+ megapixel auto-focus, LED flash panorama, HDR , night mode, manual mode Video: 720p HD. 5 megapixel LED flash. 6.02 x 3.03 x 0.43 in. 153 x 77 x 10.9 mm. Supported Profiles: HSP 1.2, HFP 1.6, OPP , PBA , A2DP 1.2, AVRC 1.5, HID , PAN , SAP 1.1, MAP version 4.2. BLU R1 Plus product page ». Find a mistake or omission? Submit a Correction. This update to the R1 HD sports a larger (5.5") screen, 13-megapixel camera, more memory, and a huge 4,000 mAh battery. Other key features include selfie flash, HD Voice, memory card slot, and 3.5mm audio jack.. This phone is not currently available from any major U.S. It is compatible with some U.S. networks, and may be available from third-party dealers or smaller, regional carriers.. LTE 2 / 4 / 7 / 12 / 17. WCDMA 1 / 2 / 4 / 5. GSM 850 / 900 / 1800 / 1900. IMT-E (Canada, South America, Europe, Asia). band 1 (I) / 2100 MHz. IMT (Europe, Asia, Africa, Oceania, Brazil, India, Israel). band 2 (II) / 1900 MHz. band 4 (IV) / 1700 MHz. band 5 (V) / 850 MHz. Subscribe to updates on this phone with RSS. Review: Kingston DataTraveler Duo Bolt for iPhone. The Kingston DataTraveler Duo Bolt is a small thumb drive that plugs into the bottom of your iPhone and saves all your photos and videos. If you're looking for a quick way to free up space on your iOS device, the DataTraveler Duo Bolt is ideal in certain situations.. Review: Speck Presidio Ultra Case for iPhone X. Speck's newest case for the Apple iPhone X, the Presidio Ultra, is a three-piece kit that includes a base case, an extra bumper, and a rugged holster. If you need hardcore protection with a little bit of flexibility throughout the day, the Presidio Ultra is an interesting entry.. Review: ZTE Avid 4 for MetroPCS. ZTE's latest low-cost handset for MetroPCS offers entry-level specs and performance. It includes a 5-inch screen, 8-megapixel camera, and Android 7 Nougat. MetroPCS customers can score this handset for next to nothing, but there might be better options. Here is Phone Scoop's in-depth review.. Review: Tech 21 Evo Check Case for Pixel 2 XL. Tech 21's latest accessory for the Google Pixel 2 XL is the Evo Check, a three-layer case that provides protection for drops up to three meters. We put this case to the test to see if it's worth your hard-earned dollars.. Review: IK Multimedia iRig Pro I/O for iPhone. The iRig Pro I/O is a compact audio interface that lets musicians, singers, and podcasters connect their instruments or microphones to Apple iPhones, iPads, and Macs. It takes all the best features of the larger iRig Pro Duo and boils them down to the most essential tools in a highly portable package.. Hands On with the Samsung Galaxy S9 and S9+. Samsung's new flagship handsets, the Galaxy S9 and S9+, are here and they offer lots to be excited about. Samsung took the wining design of last year's phones and upped the ante with improvements to the chassis, cameras, and software.. Review: Coolpad Revvl Plus for T-Mobile. The Revvl Plus is an affordable Android slab that delivers an enormous screen at a reasonable price point. Stand-out features include a dual-camera system for capturing bokeh-style portraits, and a fingerprint reader for security. Here is Phone Scoop's in-depth report.. Review: WeBoost Drive Sleek In-Car Signal Booster. WeBoost's Drive Sleek in-vehicle signal booster amplifies wireless signals inside your car. If you're a mobile professional or road trip fanatic and need better wireless performance when behind the wheel, the WeBoost can help.. Subscribe to Phone Scoop News with RSS. Subscribe to Phone Scoop on YouTube. All content Copyright 2001-2018 Phone Factor, LLC. Content on this site may not be copied or republished without formal permission.. By registering, you agree to our Terms of Use. We value your privacy and will never share your email address. 
Compare Cell Phone Plans Prepaid Plans Reviews Carrier Reviews Cell Phone Reviews Guides & Advice Get out of contract How much data do I need? 15 Ways to Lower Your Bill All Articles & Guides Discuss Q&A Forum. Compare Credit Cards All Cards Rewards Cash Back Travel Balance Transfer Low Interest Zero Percent Business Student Secured. Mobile Cell Phones Tablets e-Readers Bluetooth Headsets USB Car Chargers USB Charging Stations FM Transmitters Battery Packs Bluetooth Trackers AUDIO / VIDEO Airplay Speakers Bluetooth Speakers Smart Speakers Bluetooth Headphones Headphones Media Streamers. CAMERAS Action Cameras 360 Degree Cameras WEARABLES Smartwatches Fitness Trackers. Community Join (Free Membership) Login About Us Informr Score Newsletter. The BLU R1 Plus currently has an Informr score of 6.3 out of 10.. This score is based on our evaluation of 4. sources including reviews from users and the web's most trusted critics.. The $160 Blu R1 Plus is affordable, but beyond that, it just doesn't have much to offer. The phone is outmatched in nearly all regards by the Life One X2, which we think is well worth the extra $40 for its sharper display, faster processor, fingerprint sensor, and superior battery life.. If you want a no-frills smartphone at an affordable price, the $159.99 Blu R1 Plus deserves consideration, thanks to its better-than-average battery life and decent rear camera. You will have to use the phone on a GSM-based carrier, however, and you'll need to live with less-than-peppy performance a.... If all you want is an unlocked phone with a big screen and killer battery life, then perhaps you'll be happy with the R1 Plus. I generally want more from my phone, which is why I find the R1 Plus hard to recommend.. The Blu R1 Plus is the 2017 sequel to one of the cheapest Android phones on Amazon, and it’s back: faster, sturdier and longer lasting than before. At $159 (or $109 on sale at launch) it has a completely adequate HD display, metal finish and long battery life. BLU released the R1 Plus on April 27, 2017.. Where can I download the R1 Plus manual?. We've got you covered! Download a free PDF copy of the BLU R1 Plus user manual here .. How long is the warranty period?. BLU backs up the R1 Plus with a 1 Year parts & labour warranty.. Where can should I go for support, replacement or repairs?. If your R1 Plus has problems and is still within its warranty period, you could contact BLU support or the retailer you purchased the phone from. You'll find BLU's contact information here. If your phone is off warranty and needs repair for a physical problem such as a broken screen or bad battery, you should visit an authorized service centre or a local phone repair shop. You can also connect with others in The Informr Community Forum to find and share answers to questions.. 1 Where to download user manual for BLU R1 Plus?. Maybe one of your friends will find this review helpful? Please help us spread the word.. The BLU R1 Plus's screen size is 5.5 inches with 720 x 1280 pixels resolution.. There is a MediaTek MTK6737 Quad core 1.3 GHz processor (CPU).. The phone runs on the Android 6.0 Marshmallow operating system (OS).. You can take photos or capture video with the phone's onboard 13+ megapixel camera.. There is also a secondary front facing camera with 5+ megapixels resolution.. An external, MicroSD, MicroSDHC, microSDXC (up to 64 GB) expansion slot is available for increased storage capacity.. The phone is powered by a Lithium-Ion (Li-Ion), 4000 mAh battery. BLU 's performance ratings are 31.3 days standby time, 1800 minutes.. MediaTek MTK6737 Quad core 1.3 GHz. Head: 0.95 W/kg Body: 1.41 W/kg. Dimensions [H x W x D]. 15.3 x 7.7 x 1.0 cm (6 x 3 x 0.4 in). Ambient Light, Proximity, Motion / Accelerometer. Capacitive touch screen, Corning Gorilla Glass 3. MicroSD, MicroSDHC, microSDXC (up to 64 GB). Auto focus, Effects, Geotagging, Multi-shot, Night mode, Panorama, Self-timer. 3GP / 3GPP, H.264 / AVC, MPEG-4. Full HD (1920 x 1080 pixels), 30 fps. MIDI, MP3, MP4, eAAC+, AAC+, AAC, WMA, WAV, M4A. 3GP / 3GPP, H.264 / AVC, MPEG-4. Also available in 32 GB storage with 3 GB RAM.. Manual (PDF) BLU R1 Plus Reviews Where to buy BLU R1 Plus. GSM: 850/900/1800/1900 MHz. UMTS: 850/1700/1900/2100 MHz. LTE: 1700/1900/700/2100 /2600 MHz Data: GPRS, EDGE, HSUPA, HSPA+, LTE. Help inform others by sharing your experience with BLU R1 Plus. An affordable unlocked phone with a sturdy build and a bright HD display. The $160 Blu R1 Plus is affordable, but beyond that, it just doesn't have much to offer. The phone is outmatched in nearly all regards by the Life One X2, which we think is well worth the extra $40 for its sharper display, faster processor, fingerprint sensor, and superior battery life.. The $160 Blu R1 Plus is affordable, but beyond that, it just doesn't have much to offer. The phone is outmatched in nearly all regards by the Life One X2, which we think is well worth the extra $40 for its sharper display, faster processor, fingerprint sensor, and superior battery life.. An affordable phone with the basic features. If you want a no-frills smartphone at an affordable price, the $159.99 Blu R1 Plus deserves consideration, thanks to its better-than-average battery life and decent rear camera. You will have to use the phone on a GSM-based carrier, however, and you'll need to live with less-than-peppy performance and a not-as-vibrant display.. If you want a no-frills smartphone at an affordable price, the $159.99 Blu R1 Plus deserves consideration, thanks to its better-than-average battery life and decent rear camera. You will have to use the phone on a GSM-based carrier, however, and you'll need to live with less-than-peppy performance and a not-as-vibrant display.. A mediocre handset with only a few truly redeeming qualities. If all you want is an unlocked phone with a big screen and killer battery life, then perhaps you'll be happy with the R1 Plus. I generally want more from my phone, which is why I find the R1 Plus hard to recommend.. If all you want is an unlocked phone with a big screen and killer battery life, then perhaps you'll be happy with the R1 Plus. I generally want more from my phone, which is why I find the R1 Plus hard to recommend.. One of the most affordable Android phones we've ever tested. The Blu R1 Plus is the 2017 sequel to one of the cheapest Android phones on Amazon, and it’s back: faster, sturdier and longer lasting than before. At $159 (or $109 on sale at launch) it has a completely adequate HD display, metal finish and long battery life. The Blu R1 Plus is the 2017 sequel to one of the cheapest Android phones on Amazon, and it’s back: faster, sturdier and longer lasting than before. At $159 (or $109 on sale at launch) it has a completely adequate HD display, metal finish and long battery life. Just don’t expect 3D games to perform well or have it run the latest version of Android anytime soon. This is a true budget phone for the sub-$200 crowd.. Darn, there are no reviews yet for. Be the first to write a review .. BLU R1 Plus Smartphone REVIEW - 4K. BLU R1 Plus Unboxing & First Impressions. Budget phone w/best Battery life: Blu R1 Plus. Oppo A77 Vs BLU R1 Plus 2017 HD Camera Full Smartphone Official Spec On Review. BLU R1 Plus vs Motorola Moto G5 Plus. BLU R1 Plus vs Samsung Galaxy J7 V. Blu R1 Plus With 4000mAh Battery, 13 Megapixel Camera Launched. It's a Good BUDGET DEVICE & It's Going to get Better. About Us Contact Advertise Privacy Terms. We want you to know that The Informr is an independent resource. you with the most accurate information and keep things up to date, prices and terms of products. We encourage you to always do your own research and double check the. Using the information on this site is at your own risk and without warranty.. You should also know that in some cases, we may receive compensation when you click on links or. purchase through links on this site. This is at no extra cost to you. business and keep the service free for everyone. 
Home Shop MWC News Reviews Features Opinions Videos The Gadgets 360 Show Cell Guru Prime Tech Smartphone Reviews Tech and Gadget Reviews How-To Videos Video Game Reviews and Features Top Lists by Gadgets 360 Unboxing and Hands-On Videos Podcasts Compare Mobiles Phone Finder DEALS. Mobiles Tablets Apps Gaming Cameras PC/Laptops AUDIO/VIDEO How To Telecom Science INDIA INTERNET SOCIAL MEDIA WEARABLES हिंदी. Home Mobiles Mobiles News. Blu R1 Plus With 4000mAh Battery, 13-Megapixel Camera Launched. Shekhar Thakran , 28 April 2017. Share on Facebook Tweet Share Share Email Reddit Comment. The company is offering $50 off on phone for limited time. The phone runs Android 6.0 Android Marshmallow out-of-box. It sports 5.5-inch HD display with Gorilla Glass 3 protection. Smartphone manufacturer Blu has launched its new R1 Plus smartphone with 4G LTE connectivity in the US and the smartphone has already been made available by the company on via online retailers including Amazon and Best Buy in the country. The Blu R1 Plus comes with an impressive 4000mAh battery to keep it running through the length of the day and the company is also offering a $50 (roughly Rs. 3,200) discount on smartphone as part of 24-hour launch deal.. The dual-SIM Blu R1 Plus runs Android 6.0 Marshmallow out-of-the-box and sports a 5.5-inch HD (720x1280 pixels) display with curved OnCell Glass and Gorilla Glass 3 protection. The device is powered by a 1.3GHz Mediatek 6737 SoC and as we mentioned earlier it will be offered in two RAM/ storage variants by the company.. While the 32GB/3GB of RAM variant is available on Amazon at $159.99 (roughly Rs.10,300), the 16GB/2GB of RAM variant has been priced at $140 (roughy Rs. 9,000) and has already been sold out from Best Buy. The storage on the smartphone is expandable via microSD card (up to 64GB).. In terms of optics, Blu R1 Plus comes with a 13-megapixel rear camera with LED flash. At front, we have an 8-megapixel camera for taking selfies, again with LED flash support. The smartphone measures 153x76.6x10.5mm and weighs 190 grams. As we mentioned before, it houses a 4000mAh battery. Apart from 4G LTE connectivity, the connectivity options offered by the Blu R1 Plus include Wi-Fi, Bluetooth 4.0, and Micro-USB 2.0.. Affiliate links may be automatically generated - see our ethics statement for details.. For the latest smartphone launches by Samsung, Nokia, Sony, Asus, and other MWC 2018 announcements, visit our MWC hub .. Blu R1 Plus With 4000mAh Battery, 13-Megapixel Camera Launched. More Blu mobiles Blu mobiles price in India. Further reading: Android , Blu , Blu R1 Plus Launch , Blu Smartphone Launch , Mobiles. HTC U Is a 'Squeezable Phone', Teaser Video Shows Ahead of May 16 Launch. Blu R1 Plus With 4000mAh Battery, 13-Megapixel Camera Launched. Samsung Galaxy S9 और Galaxy S9+ स्मार्टफोन लॉन्च. Nokia 1 एंड्रॉयड गो स्मार्टफोन हुआ लॉन्च. LG V30S ThinQ के साथ MWC 2018 में एलजी ने दी दस्तक. Samsung Galaxy S9, Galaxy S9+ Launched: What's New?. Why Game of Thrones Creators Writing Star Wars Might Be a Bad, Bad Idea. Design by User Feedback? The Customer Isn't Always Right. PS4 Is a Best-Seller but Here Are 4 Reasons It's Far From Perfect. Airtel Joins Global Alliance for In-Flight Data Connectivity This Is When the New Nokia Phones Will Launch in India Final Fantasy XV to Get New Episodes Until 2019 Vivo Unveils Concept Phone With Half-Screen Fingerprint Scanning at MWC Metal Gear Survive Has a Hidden Message, This Is What It Could Mean Canon EOS 1500D, EOS 3000D Entry-Level DSLRs Launched in India BSNL Partners Nokia for Rollout of 4G VoLTE Services Sony Unveils Xperia Ear Duo to Answer Apple AirPods, Samsung Gear IconX Sony Xperia XZ2, Xperia XZ2 Compact With 18:9 Displays Launched at MWC Mi MIX 2S With Snapdragon 845 Confirmed by Xiaomi; Launching on March 27. Nokia 7 Plus Is an Android One Phone With Dual Rear Cameras, Zeiss Optics Samsung Galaxy S9, Galaxy S9+ Pre-Orders Now Open in India Nokia 7 Plus vs Nokia 7 Samsung Galaxy S9, Galaxy S9+ With Improved Cameras, AR Emoji Launched Nokia 8110 4G Is a 'Slider' Feature Phone With Google, Facebook Apps Mi MIX 2S With Snapdragon 845 Confirmed by Xiaomi; Launching on March 27 OnePlus 5, OnePlus 5T HD Content Streaming Issue Fixed, With a Catch Vodafone to Offer 4.5GB Data Per Day for 28 Days at Rs. 799: Report Vivo Unveils Concept Phone With Half-Screen Fingerprint Scanning at MWC Canon EOS 1500D, EOS 3000D Entry-Level DSLRs Launched in India. Sitemaps Archives Advertise About Us Feedback Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions Complaint Redressal Careers Contact Us RSS Ethics Gadgets Hindi. © Copyright Red Pixels Ventures Limited 2018. 
Find the Best Cell Phone and Plan for You. PhoneDog's innovative comparison tool can help you save on cell phones and plans. Find the best phone and plan for you today with PhoneDog!. Compare Phones and Plans Compare Cell Phones. Trending: iPhone 8. f g+ t yt. Last year, BLU made a big splash in the low-end budget smartphone market with the release of its R1 HD smartphone. It’s a device that was priced at just about $60 with Amazon’s Offers and Ads available via the lock screen. The smartphone we have in front of us today is the latest member to join the R1 family. It’s called the R1 Plus and it offers a ton of competitive features for a relatively low off-contract price of about $160. However, BLU is offering a 24-hour sale that will knock off $50 from the price, bringing it down to just $109 off-contract; the price of the older R1 HD without Offers and Ads.. The R1 Plus has an aluminum metal housing that feels cool to the touch and premium. The back is removable, providing access to dual SIM card slots and a microSD card slot for expandable storage. Unfortunately though, you cannot remove the battery. The Power Sleep On/Off button is a bit small for my liking but it does have some texture to it to help your fingers locate it.. If you’re coming from the R1 HD, this device feels considerably more chunky in the hands. But that is because of the massive 4,000 mAh battery that is hiding under the hood. One of the main reasons why you should buy this smartphone is for that massive battery.. Up front is a 5.5-inch HD display that has pretty decent viewing angles and brightness. It’s far from being the sharpest display I’ve ever seen but it’s what you can expect given the overall price of less than $200. With LG and Samsung’s significantly trimming down the bezels of their flagship smartphones, the separation between high-end and low-end in smartphones has never been more apparent. As you can see here, the R1 Plus has thick bezels around the display. There is no fingerprint scanner found on this device. So if that’s a dealbreaker for you, I recommend something like the $130 BLU Life Max.. The software is Android 6.0 Marshmallow. However, I have been told Android 7.0 is in the works and it’s actually in its final testing and will be released very soon. I wish it shipped with the phone but it’s still good to see that it will be coming in a future update very soon. I do consider myself a fan of the skin found running on top of Marshmallow because of how similar it is to stock Android. You get those nice, big Google Now launcher-esque icons, you get an app drawer, Google Search bar and quick settings where you’d expect to find them in the notification panel. The settings drawer and overview tray are also very similar to stock Android where you’ll see BLU’s footprint is with the pre-installed BLU apps.. There is a lot of Amazon bloatware and instead of Chrome on the home screen, the Opera browser is there by default. Of course, you can completely change the look and feel of the launcher and Chrome is pre-installed. It’s just not on the lock screen. The Google Play Store has a ton of different apps that you can use to customize the look and feel of your Android device.. In terms of performance, the R1 Plus isn’t a speed beast but it’s no slouch. It does take considerably longer to load content than a mid-tier or flagship smartphone but it does so without any sort of hiccups or stuttering. You may wait a few seconds longer for apps to load up for the first time but content will load up fairly smoothly most of the time. The model I have features a MediaTek 6737 quad-core processor with 3GB of RAM and 32GB of storage. I’d recommend this configuration over the model with 16GB storage and 2GB of RAM.. The Plus has a 13-megapixel camera sensor on the rear with a 5-megapixel selfie camera, you can take some pretty good images with the rear-facing sensor. But the vast majority of the images I captured were either over-exposed or slightly under-exposed actually, which is a little bit unusual to see. With that said, images were fairly crisp and vibrant.. The front-facing sensor is able to capture some nice wide images. What’s neat is that there’s a front-facing flash so you can capture selfies in a wide range of lighting conditions.. The speaker on the rear can get very loud but it’s quite tinny and the placement isn’t ideal. The battery life might be the strongest area of this phone. Under the hood lies the massive 4,000 mAh super battery that we mentioned earlier and it should easily last you a full day of moderate to heavy usage or two days with a little usage.. So BLU has a lot of great devices for those on a budget and the R1 Plus is no exception. For $160 off-contract, it could absolutely be worth it for you, depending on what you want in a smartphone. If you want a device with excellent battery life and a premium build construction, then by all means, look into the R1 Plus. If you want a sub $200 smartphone with a fingerprint scanner, maybe check out the $130 BLU Life Max. BLU has a lot of great options for you and so does other manufacturers like Motorola or Lenovo and Alcatel.. BLU is currently offering a killer deal, which will bring the cost of the R1 Plus down to $110 off-contract. If you’re interested in that deal, here’s a link to check it out. It only lasts 24 hours so you’ve got to act quick if you’re at all thinking about picking up this phone.. Videos Android Review BLU R1 Plus BLU. Previous Article Top 10 Android Apps of April 2017!. Don't forget to VOTE! Each week, PhoneDog Fans vote for their #1 smartphone in the Official Smartphone Rankings. Vote now and contribute to the industry's most relevant weekly ranking charts.. Top 10 Android Apps of April 2017! Top 10 iOS Apps of April 2017! Best Tech of April 2017! What's On My Galaxy S8+. Select the amount of total data you need for the entire plan.. For example, if you need 2 lines with 1 GB of data each, you would select 2 GB of data with the data slider below.. - Any - 0 5KB 50MB 30MB 100MB 125MB 150MB 200MB 250MB 300MB 334MB 350MB 375MB 400MB 500MB 600MB 625MB 700MB 800MB 834MB 900MB 938MB 1GB 1.2GB 1.5GB 1.6GB 2GB 2.03GB 2.5GB 3GB 3.7GB 4GB 5GB 6GB 6.1GB 7GB 7.3GB 8GB 8.5GB 9GB 10GB 11GB 12GB 13GB 14GB 15GB 16GB 18GB 20GB 22GB 23GB 24GB 25GB 30GB 32GB 35GB 40GB 50GB 60GB 80GB 85GB 100GB 120GB 150GB 200GB Unlimited. BLU Vivo X Review: BLU's Most Appealing Smartphone Yet!. 4 days 16 hours ago. Android 8.0 Oreo on the OnePlus 5T. 5 days 14 hours ago. 1 week 13 hours ago. The OnePlus 5T Competitor You Haven't Heard About. 1 week 3 days ago. People's Choice Expert's Choice. OFFICIAL SMARTPHONE RANKINGS Please Login/Register to Vote. OFFICIAL SMARTPHONE RANKINGS Please Login/Register to Vote. OFFICIAL SMARTPHONE RANKINGS Please Login/Register to Vote. OFFICIAL SMARTPHONE RANKINGS Please Login/Register to Vote. OFFICIAL SMARTPHONE RANKINGS Please Login/Register to Vote. BLU S1 Review: BLU's First CDMA Smartphone!. This Week's "People's Choice Rankings" Best Smartphone. OFFICIAL SMARTPHONE RANKINGS Please Login/Register to Vote. OFFICIAL SMARTPHONE RANKINGS Please Login/Register to Vote. OFFICIAL SMARTPHONE RANKINGS Please Login/Register to Vote. OFFICIAL SMARTPHONE RANKINGS Please Login/Register to Vote. OFFICIAL SMARTPHONE RANKINGS Please Login/Register to Vote. Recent news from our top carriers:. Samsung Galaxy S9 and S9+ pricing. T-Mobile wins awards for 4G LTE. Samsung Galaxy S9 and S9+ pricing. Sprint says its 5G network will. T-Mobile wins awards for 4G LTE. Samsung Galaxy S9 and S9+ pricing. T-Mobile wins awards for 4G LTE. Samsung Galaxy S9 and S9+ pricing. Google Pixel 2 XL gets $400. Verizon Galaxy Note 8 gets $200. PHONEDOG PHONEDOG MEDIA FAMILY Phonedog - Cell Phone News TmoNews - The Unofficial T-Mobile Blog AndroidAndMe - Everything Android. PhoneDog Media is home to PhoneDog, Android & Me, TmoNews, and TodaysiPhone. The network receives 2.5 million unique visitors and 10 million pageviews each month, along with a combined three million video views on YouTube.. While the name is jovial, the PhoneDog Media network offers up a wealth of written and video content to help readers make important decisions about mobile technology.. Established in 2001, PhoneDog Media is a privately owned and operated company.. Company Home Privacy Policy Term of Use Contact About Us Sitemap In-Depth Reviews. Reproduction without explicit permission is prohibited. 
Hi! Get more out of Walmart.com. Stretch your tax refund FREE Grocery Pickup See All Departments. Reorder Items Pickup Today Track Order Your Account Store Finder. Shop Electronics Smart Home Wearable Tech Cameras & Camcorders Walmart for Business Video Games. Shop all TV & Video TVs DVD & Blu-ray Players Home Audio & Theater TV Accessories. Shop all Cell Phones Straight Talk Phones Unlocked Phones Contract Phones No-Contract Phones Prepaid Minutes & Data Cases & Accessories. Shop all iPad & Tablets iPad Windows Tablets Android Tablets Accessories. Shop all Computers Laptops Desktops PC Gaming Printers & Supplies Networking Software Monitors Accessories. Shop all Auto Electronics GPS & Navigation. Shop all Portable Audio iPod & MP3 Players Headphones Speakers & Docks. Shop all Office Supplies Office Electronics School Supplies. Star Wars Marvel: Avengers Musical Instruments Computer Software. Shop all Movies & TV 2-Day Shipping Action & Adventure Blu-ray Discs Boxed Sets Children & Family Instawatch Movie DVDs New Releases Preorders TV Shows. Shop all Music 2-Day Shipping Music Gift Cards Country Music Soundtracks Vinyl New Releases Pop R&B / Soul Rock Top 100 CDs. Shop all Books Deals in books Preorders New Releases Biographies & Memoirs Children's Books Christian Books & Bibles Cookbooks, Food & Wine Comics & Graphic Novels Crafts & Hobbies Humor Literature & Fiction Health and Wellness Teen & Young Adult. Shop all Shop By Room Living Room Bedroom Bathroom Dining Room Kitchen Kids' Room Teens' Room Patio Entryway Office. Shop all Shop By Category Appliances Bath Bedding Furniture Home Decor Kids’ Bedding Kids’ Furniture Kitchen & Dining Lighting Mattresses Patio & Garden Rugs Storage & Organization Vacuums & Floor Care Window Coverings. Shop all Brand Shops KitchenAid Better Homes and Gardens The Pioneer Woman Mainstays. Shop all Specialty Shops Home Gift Guide Back to College Shop by Style. Shop All Home Improvement Bathroom Renovations Kitchen Renovations Water Purification Generators Garage & Storage. Shop all Air Quality Dehumidifiers Humidifiers. Shop all Tools Power Tools Hand Tools. Shop all Heating & Cooling Heaters Fireplaces Stoves. Shop all Paint Interior & Exterior Paint Ladders. Shop all Patio & Garden Patio Furniture Patio & Outdoor Decor Sheds & Outdoor Storage Outdoor Shade Grills & Outdoor Cooking Outdoor Heating Swimming Pools Hot Tubs & Saunas. Shop all Garden Center Outdoor Power Equipment Landscaping Pots & Planters. Shop all Industrial & Scientific Janitorial & Sanitation Supplies Food Service Equipment. Shop All Clothing Intimates & Sleepwear All Shoes Boys' Girls' Swim Shop Spring Fashion Activewear Shop School Uniforms Precious Metals Bags & Accessories Luggage Sleepwear Shop Premium Beauty Fashion Brands Clearance & More. Shop all Women's Women's Plus Juniors' Maternity Women's Shoes. Shop all Jewelry Wedding & Engagement Watches Fine Jewelry Fashion Jewelry Personalized Jewelry. Shop all Men's Men's Big & Tall Young Men's Men's Shoes Men's Jewelry. Shop all Baby & Toddlers' Baby Girl Baby Boy Toddler Girl Toddler Boy Baby & Kids' Shoes. Shop All Baby Baby Deals Parent's Choice Britax Premium Brands Restock Shop Baby Registry Baby Box Strollers Car Seats Baby & Toddler Clothing. Shop all Diapering & Potty Diapers Wipes Diaper Bags. Shop all Feeding Breast Feeding Bottle Feeding Baby Formula Baby Food Toddler Feeding Bibs & Burp Cloths. Shop all Nursery & Décor Cribs Furniture Bedding Décor. Shop all Toddler Room Furniture Bedding. Shop all Play & Travel Gear Playstations & Walkers Playards Swings Carriers & Wraps Baby & Toddler Toys. Shop all Health & Safety Bath Baby Gates Baby Monitors Baby Care. Toys Savings Musical Instruments Boys' Toys Girls' Toys Xbox One X Retro Gaming. Shop all Toys Action Figures Dolls & Dollhouses Cars, Drones & RC LEGO & Building Sets Pretend Play Arts & Crafts Electronics for Kids Learning Toys Nerf & Blasters Stuffed Animals & Plush Games & Puzzles. Shop all Bikes & Ride-Ons Kids' Bikes Ride-On Toys Hoverboards. Shop all Outdoor Play Swing Sets Trampolines. Shop all Shop by Age Preschool 5-7 8-11 12+. Shop all Video Games Virtual Reality New Releases PlayStation 4 Xbox One Nintendo Switch Accessories Digital Gaming Nintendo 3DS / 2DS Nintendo Wii U / Wii PlayStation VR Preorders Used Games. Restock Shop Fresh Flowers Meal Kits & Specialty Food Boxes Grocery Pickup & Delivery. Shop all Shop All Food Coffee Beverages Snacks & Cookies Breakfast & Cereal Meals Condiments Pasta Candy & Gum Soups Canned Goods Emergency Food Baking Center International Food. Shop all Household Essentials Laundry Room Kitchen Bathroom Paper & Plastic Cleaning Supplies Air Fresheners Batteries Pest Control As Seen On TV Light Bulbs. Shop all Shop All Pets Cats Dogs Fish Small Animals Birds Equine Reptiles. Shop all Clearance & Rollbacks Food Household Essentials Pets. Shop all Beauty Makeup Skin Care Fragrances Beauty Tools Hair Care Premium Beauty. Shop all Brands We Love Flower Culturelle OralB Braun ReliOn. Shop all Personal Care Feminine Care Incontinence. Shop all Shave Electric Shavers Razors. Shop all Oral Care Electric Toothbrushes Water Flossers. Shop all Bath & Body Lotions Body Wash. Shop all Vision Center Prescription Eyewear Contact Lenses. Shop all Health Medicine Cabinet Cold, Cough and Flu Digestive Health Home Health Care Diabetes Management. Shop all Wellness Supplements Protein & Fitness Weight Management Aromatherapy. Shop all Pharmacy Refill Prescriptions Transfer Prescriptions. Shop All Sports Outdoor Sports Emergency Prep Ozark Trail Hunting Trampolines Game Room Basketball Sports Fanshop. Shop all Camping Tents Airbeds Canopies & Shelters. Shop all Fishing Rod & Reel Combos. Shop all Boats & Water Sports Canoes, Kayaks & Boats. Shop all Recreation Bikes Lawn Games Air Soft Air Guns Golf. Shop all Team Sports Baseball & Softball Football. Shop all Exercise & Fitness Boxing Mixed Martial Arts. Shop all Exercise Machines Treadmills Bikes Ellipticals Home Gyms. Shop all Strength and Weight Training Fitness Accessories Ab & Core Toners. Shop All Auto Tires Batteries & Accessories Diagnostic Tools Auto Paint & Accessories Auto Interior Auto Exterior Windshield Wipers Motorcycles & ATVs RV Parts & Accessories Auto Detailing & Car Care Auto Services. Shop all Oils & Fluids Motor Oil Antifreeze & Coolants Transmission, Brake, & Steering Fluids. Shop all Automotive Tools & Equipment Car Battery Chargers & Accessories. Shop all Auto Electronics Car DVD & Video Car Stereos Car Speakers & Subwoofers Power Inverters Dash Cams. Shop all Auto Body Repair Auto Repair Tools. Shop all Auto Replacement Parts Oil Filters Engine Air Filters Spark Plugs Brake Parts. Shop all Photo Center Available Same Day Blankets Calendars Canvas & Wall Art Cards & Invitations Home Decor & Gifts Jewelry & Clothing Mugs Office Phone Cases Photo Books Pillows Posters Prints. Shop all Personalized Shop Easter Rollbacks & Clearance Wedding Invitations Wedding Sweepstakes Graduation Home Decor Clothing & Accessories Bedding & Bath Kitchen & Dining Kids Character Shop. Shop all Personalized Jewelry Rings Necklaces Class Rings. Shop all Gift Cards Mail a Gift Card Email a Gift Card Specialty Gift Cards Check Card Balances Corporate Gift Card Program. Shop all Gift Registry Baby Registry Wedding Registry Lists. Craft Tips & Ideas Costumes & Dress Up Party Ideas & Recipes Christmas Decor Savings Birthday Shop Wedding Shop Valentine's Day Plush. Shop all Arts, Crafts & Sewing Art & Drawing Supplies Beading & Jewelry Crafting Die Cutting Machines Sewing Fabric Scrapbooking Supplies Artificial Plants & Flowers Knitting & Crochet Yarn Craft Furniture & Storage. Shop all Party & Occasions Baking & Pastry Supplies Balloons Cards & Invitations Disposable Tableware Giftwrap & Supplies Party Decorations Party Favors Pinatas. Shop all Party Themes Themed Party Sets Anniversary Baby Shower Halloween Christmas Decor. Stretch your tax refund FREE Grocery Pickup Electronics & Office Movies, Music & Books Home, Furniture & Appliances Home Improvement & Patio Clothing, Shoes & Jewelry Baby & Toddler Toys & Video Games Food, Household & Pets Pharmacy, Health & Beauty Sports, Fitness & Outdoors Auto & Tires Photo & Personalized Shop Sewing, Crafts & Party Supplies See All Departments. Baby Registry Wedding Registry Classroom Supplies. TV & Video TVs DVD & Blu-ray Players Home Audio & Theater TV Accessories. Cell Phones Straight Talk Phones Unlocked Phones Contract Phones No-Contract Phones Prepaid Minutes & Data Cases & Accessories. iPad & Tablets iPad Windows Tablets Android Tablets Accessories. Computers Laptops Desktops PC Gaming Printers & Supplies Networking Software Monitors Accessories. Portable Audio iPod & MP3 Players Headphones Speakers & Docks. Office Supplies Office Electronics School Supplies. Movies & TV 2-Day Shipping Action & Adventure Blu-ray Discs Boxed Sets Children & Family Instawatch Movie DVDs New Releases Preorders TV Shows. Music 2-Day Shipping Music Gift Cards Country Music Soundtracks Vinyl New Releases Pop R&B / Soul Rock Top 100 CDs. Books Deals in books Preorders New Releases Biographies & Memoirs Children's Books Christian Books & Bibles Cookbooks, Food & Wine Comics & Graphic Novels Crafts & Hobbies Humor Literature & Fiction Health and Wellness Teen & Young Adult. Shop By Room Living Room Bedroom Bathroom Dining Room Kitchen Kids' Room Teens' Room Patio Entryway Office. Shop By Category Appliances Bath Bedding Furniture Home Decor Kids’ Bedding Kids’ Furniture Kitchen & Dining Lighting Mattresses Patio & Garden Rugs Storage & Organization Vacuums & Floor Care Window Coverings. Brand Shops KitchenAid Better Homes and Gardens The Pioneer Woman Mainstays. Specialty Shops Home Gift Guide Back to College Shop by Style. Industrial & Scientific Janitorial & Sanitation Supplies Food Service Equipment. Heating & Cooling Heaters Fireplaces Stoves. Paint Interior & Exterior Paint Ladders. Patio & Garden Patio Furniture Patio & Outdoor Decor Sheds & Outdoor Storage Outdoor Shade Grills & Outdoor Cooking Outdoor Heating Swimming Pools Hot Tubs & Saunas. Garden Center Outdoor Power Equipment Landscaping Pots & Planters. Women's Women's Plus Juniors' Maternity Women's Shoes. Jewelry Wedding & Engagement Watches Fine Jewelry Fashion Jewelry Personalized Jewelry. Men's Men's Big & Tall Young Men's Men's Shoes Men's Jewelry. Baby & Toddlers' Baby Girl Baby Boy Toddler Girl Toddler Boy Baby & Kids' Shoes. Diapering & Potty Diapers Wipes Diaper Bags. Feeding Breast Feeding Bottle Feeding Baby Formula Baby Food Toddler Feeding Bibs & Burp Cloths. Nursery & Décor Cribs Furniture Bedding Décor. Play & Travel Gear Playstations & Walkers Playards Swings Carriers & Wraps Baby & Toddler Toys. Health & Safety Bath Baby Gates Baby Monitors Baby Care. Toys Action Figures Dolls & Dollhouses Cars, Drones & RC LEGO & Building Sets Pretend Play Arts & Crafts Electronics for Kids Learning Toys Nerf & Blasters Stuffed Animals & Plush Games & Puzzles. Bikes & Ride-Ons Kids' Bikes Ride-On Toys Hoverboards. Shop by Age Preschool 5-7 8-11 12+. Video Games Virtual Reality New Releases PlayStation 4 Xbox One Nintendo Switch Accessories Digital Gaming Nintendo 3DS / 2DS Nintendo Wii U / Wii PlayStation VR Preorders Used Games. Shop All Food Coffee Beverages Snacks & Cookies Breakfast & Cereal Meals Condiments Pasta Candy & Gum Soups Canned Goods Emergency Food Baking Center International Food. Household Essentials Laundry Room Kitchen Bathroom Paper & Plastic Cleaning Supplies Air Fresheners Batteries Pest Control As Seen On TV Light Bulbs. Meal Kits & Specialty Food Boxes. Shop All Pets Cats Dogs Fish Small Animals Birds Equine Reptiles. Clearance & Rollbacks Food Household Essentials Pets. Beauty Makeup Skin Care Fragrances Beauty Tools Hair Care Premium Beauty. Brands We Love Flower Culturelle OralB Braun ReliOn. Oral Care Electric Toothbrushes Water Flossers. Bath & Body Lotions Body Wash. Vision Center Prescription Eyewear Contact Lenses. Health Medicine Cabinet Cold, Cough and Flu Digestive Health Home Health Care Diabetes Management. Wellness Supplements Protein & Fitness Weight Management Aromatherapy. Camping Tents Airbeds Canopies & Shelters. Fishing Rod & Reel Combos. Boats & Water Sports Canoes, Kayaks & Boats. Recreation Bikes Lawn Games Air Soft Air Guns Golf. Team Sports Baseball & Softball Football. Exercise & Fitness Boxing Mixed Martial Arts. Exercise Machines Treadmills Bikes Ellipticals Home Gyms. Strength and Weight Training Fitness Accessories Ab & Core Toners. Oils & Fluids Motor Oil Antifreeze & Coolants Transmission, Brake, & Steering Fluids. Automotive Tools & Equipment Car Battery Chargers & Accessories. Auto Electronics Car DVD & Video Car Stereos Car Speakers & Subwoofers Power Inverters Dash Cams. Auto Body Repair Auto Repair Tools. Auto Replacement Parts Oil Filters Engine Air Filters Spark Plugs Brake Parts. Photo Center Available Same Day Blankets Calendars Canvas & Wall Art Cards & Invitations Home Decor & Gifts Jewelry & Clothing Mugs Office Phone Cases Photo Books Pillows Posters Prints. Personalized Shop Easter Rollbacks & Clearance Wedding Invitations Wedding Sweepstakes Graduation Home Decor Clothing & Accessories Bedding & Bath Kitchen & Dining Kids Character Shop. Personalized Jewelry Rings Necklaces Class Rings. Gift Cards Mail a Gift Card Email a Gift Card Specialty Gift Cards Check Card Balances Corporate Gift Card Program. Gift Registry Baby Registry Wedding Registry Lists. Arts, Crafts & Sewing Art & Drawing Supplies Beading & Jewelry Crafting Die Cutting Machines Sewing Fabric Scrapbooking Supplies Artificial Plants & Flowers Knitting & Crochet Yarn Craft Furniture & Storage. Party & Occasions Baking & Pastry Supplies Balloons Cards & Invitations Disposable Tableware Giftwrap & Supplies Party Decorations Party Favors Pinatas. Party Themes Themed Party Sets Anniversary Baby Shower Halloween Christmas Decor. All Departments Auto & Tires Baby Beauty Books Cell Phones Clothing Electronics Food. Gifts & Registry Health Home Home Improvement Household Essentials Jewelry Movies Music Office. Party & Occasions Patio & Garden Pets Pharmacy Photo Center Sports & Outdoors Toys Video Games. FREE Grocery Pickup FREE 2-Day Shipping Shop smart with our app Get your flu shot today Stretch your tax refund. FREE Grocery Pickup FREE 2-Day Shipping Shop smart with our app Get your flu shot today Stretch your tax refund. Pickup Today Grocery Pickup Weekly Ads Credit Card Track Order. BLU R1 Plus R0071UU 32GB Unlocked GSM LTE Quad-Core Phone w/ 13MP Camera - Black. Average rating: out of 5 stars, based on reviews Write a review ratings. This button opens a dialog that displays additional images for this product with the option to zoom in or out.. 5.5" HD Curved Glass Display Android v6.0 Marshmallow, Chipset: MediaTek 6737, Processor: Quad-Core 1.3 GHz 13 MP Main Camera + 5 MP Front Camera. Tell us if something is incorrect. 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12. Tell us if something is incorrect. 5.5" HD Curved Glass Display Android v6.0 Marshmallow, Chipset: MediaTek 6737, Processor: Quad-Core 1.3 GHz 13 MP Main Camera + 5 MP Front Camera. Get specific details about this product from customers who own it.. Be the first to review this item!. Average rating: 0 out of 5 stars, based on reviews. See any care plans, options and policies that may be associated with this product.. Electrode, Comp-283025190, DC-prod-dfw7, ENV-prod-a, PROF-PROD, VER-21.17.3-rc-1, SHA-c37438843926f3cccffc1b3ed5e62a5a7012bec8, CID-. Help Feedback MoneyCenter Privacy & Security CA Privacy Rights Terms of Use. See All Services Walmart MoneyCenter Walmart Credit Card Product Care Plans Walmart Pay. About Walmart.com Corporate Suppliers Sell on Walmart.com Careers @WalmartLabs The Walmart Digital Museum. Terms of Use About Our Ads Affiliate Program CA Privacy Rights Privacy & Security. Returns Policy Product Recalls Int’l Customers Tax Exempt Program Contact Us Feedback Store Pickup. Electronics Toys Video Games Home Products Clothing Sports & Outdoors Baby Products. 
You don't have permission to access /specifications/blu-r1-plus/. 
FREE SHIPPING TO THE UNITED STATES. Skinomi TechSkin™ for BLU R1 Plus. Home // Shop By Category // Cell Phones // BLU // BLU R1 Plus. Skinomi.com provides BLU R1 Plus accessories and protective solutions. Our arsenal of protective films offer a durable alternative to bulky BLU R1 Plus hard cases. These films include BLU R1 Plus Screen Protectors and BLU R1 Plus Skin Protectors. TechSkin is the best solution for maximum scratch protection for your device. It is the toughest scratch protection film in the world made of the same material used to protect luxury cars, military aircrafts and NASA space shuttles. TechSkin has the ability to resist some of the highest level of abrasion combined with "self healing" capabilities. This advancement in protection technology will keep your BLU R1 Plus looking new and stunning. Skinomi prides itself as a provider of top quality products that entail impeccable customer service. We are committed to exceed our customers' expectations with our product innovation, fast order processing, and unrivaled support. Through constant research and development, our team is dedicated in bringing you the best BLU R1 Plus Screen Protector and BLU R1 Plus Skin Protector in the market.. itemId=sk28188-r1-plus-phone-screen-protector|~|priceRange=1|~|color=|~|size=|~|orderable=T|~|call-to-order=|~|call-for-price=|~|hasOptions=F|~|isOrganic=F|~|isNew=F|~|bestseller=|~|name=BLU R1 Plus TechSkin Screen Protector|~|brand=|~|rating=0|~|ratingCount=0|~|price=9.95|~|priceReg=9.95|~|priceSale=|~|image=https://sep.yimg.com/ay/yhst-38148694942392/blu-r1-plus-techskin-screen-protector-3.gif BLU R1 Plus TechSkin Screen Protector. itemId=sk28189-r1-plus-phone-skin-protector|~|priceRange=1|~|color=|~|size=|~|orderable=T|~|call-to-order=|~|call-for-price=|~|hasOptions=F|~|isOrganic=F|~|isNew=F|~|bestseller=|~|name=BLU R1 Plus TechSkin Full Body Skin Protector|~|brand=|~|rating=0|~|ratingCount=0|~|price=15.95|~|priceReg=15.95|~|priceSale=|~|image=https://sep.yimg.com/ay/yhst-38148694942392/blu-r1-plus-techskin-full-body-skin-protector-20.gif BLU R1 Plus TechSkin Full Body Skin Protector. itemId=sk28190-r1-plus-phone-black-carbon-protector|~|priceRange=1|~|color=|~|size=|~|orderable=T|~|call-to-order=|~|call-for-price=|~|hasOptions=F|~|isOrganic=F|~|isNew=F|~|bestseller=|~|name=BLU R1 Plus TechSkin Black Carbon Fiber Skin|~|brand=|~|rating=0|~|ratingCount=0|~|price=15.95|~|priceReg=15.95|~|priceSale=|~|image=https://sep.yimg.com/ay/yhst-38148694942392/blu-r1-plus-techskin-black-carbon-fiber-skin-20.gif BLU R1 Plus TechSkin Black Carbon Fiber Skin. itemId=sk28191-r1-plus-phone-silver-carbon-protector|~|priceRange=1|~|color=|~|size=|~|orderable=T|~|call-to-order=|~|call-for-price=|~|hasOptions=F|~|isOrganic=F|~|isNew=F|~|bestseller=|~|name=BLU R1 Plus TechSkin Silver Carbon Fiber Skin|~|brand=|~|rating=0|~|ratingCount=0|~|price=15.95|~|priceReg=15.95|~|priceSale=|~|image=https://sep.yimg.com/ay/yhst-38148694942392/blu-r1-plus-techskin-silver-carbon-fiber-skin-20.gif BLU R1 Plus TechSkin Silver Carbon Fiber Skin. itemId=sk28192-r1-plus-phone-gold-carbon-protector|~|priceRange=1|~|color=|~|size=|~|orderable=T|~|call-to-order=|~|call-for-price=|~|hasOptions=F|~|isOrganic=F|~|isNew=F|~|bestseller=|~|name=BLU R1 Plus TechSkin Gold Carbon Fiber Skin|~|brand=|~|rating=0|~|ratingCount=0|~|price=15.95|~|priceReg=15.95|~|priceSale=|~|image=https://sep.yimg.com/ay/yhst-38148694942392/blu-r1-plus-techskin-gold-carbon-fiber-skin-20.gif BLU R1 Plus TechSkin Gold Carbon Fiber Skin. itemId=sk28193-r1-plus-phone-pink-carbon-protector|~|priceRange=1|~|color=|~|size=|~|orderable=T|~|call-to-order=|~|call-for-price=|~|hasOptions=F|~|isOrganic=F|~|isNew=F|~|bestseller=|~|name=BLU R1 Plus TechSkin Pink Carbon Fiber Skin|~|brand=|~|rating=0|~|ratingCount=0|~|price=15.95|~|priceReg=15.95|~|priceSale=|~|image=https://sep.yimg.com/ay/yhst-38148694942392/blu-r1-plus-techskin-pink-carbon-fiber-skin-20.gif BLU R1 Plus TechSkin Pink Carbon Fiber Skin. itemId=sk28194-r1-plus-phone-dark-wood-protector|~|priceRange=1|~|color=|~|size=|~|orderable=T|~|call-to-order=|~|call-for-price=|~|hasOptions=F|~|isOrganic=F|~|isNew=F|~|bestseller=|~|name=BLU R1 Plus TechSkin Dark Wood Skin|~|brand=|~|rating=0|~|ratingCount=0|~|price=15.95|~|priceReg=15.95|~|priceSale=|~|image=https://sep.yimg.com/ay/yhst-38148694942392/blu-r1-plus-techskin-dark-wood-skin-20.gif BLU R1 Plus TechSkin Dark Wood Skin. itemId=sk28195-r1-plus-phone-light-wood-protector|~|priceRange=1|~|color=|~|size=|~|orderable=T|~|call-to-order=|~|call-for-price=|~|hasOptions=F|~|isOrganic=F|~|isNew=F|~|bestseller=|~|name=BLU R1 Plus TechSkin Light Wood Skin|~|brand=|~|rating=0|~|ratingCount=0|~|price=15.95|~|priceReg=15.95|~|priceSale=|~|image=https://sep.yimg.com/ay/yhst-38148694942392/blu-r1-plus-techskin-light-wood-skin-20.gif BLU R1 Plus TechSkin Light Wood Skin. itemId=sk28196-r1-plus-phone-brushed-steel-protector|~|priceRange=1|~|color=|~|size=|~|orderable=T|~|call-to-order=|~|call-for-price=|~|hasOptions=F|~|isOrganic=F|~|isNew=F|~|bestseller=|~|name=BLU R1 Plus TechSkin Brushed Steel Skin|~|brand=|~|rating=0|~|ratingCount=0|~|price=15.95|~|priceReg=15.95|~|priceSale=|~|image=https://sep.yimg.com/ay/yhst-38148694942392/blu-r1-plus-techskin-brushed-steel-skin-20.gif BLU R1 Plus TechSkin Brushed Steel Skin. itemId=sk28197-r1-plus-phone-brushed-aluminum-protector|~|priceRange=1|~|color=|~|size=|~|orderable=T|~|call-to-order=|~|call-for-price=|~|hasOptions=F|~|isOrganic=F|~|isNew=F|~|bestseller=|~|name=BLU R1 Plus TechSkin Brushed Aluminum Skin|~|brand=|~|rating=0|~|ratingCount=0|~|price=15.95|~|priceReg=15.95|~|priceSale=|~|image=https://sep.yimg.com/ay/yhst-38148694942392/blu-r1-plus-techskin-brushed-aluminum-skin-20.gif BLU R1 Plus TechSkin Brushed Aluminum Skin. itemId=sk28188-matte-r1-plus-phone-screen-protector|~|priceRange=1|~|color=|~|size=|~|orderable=T|~|call-to-order=|~|call-for-price=|~|hasOptions=F|~|isOrganic=F|~|isNew=F|~|bestseller=|~|name=BLU R1 Plus MatteSkin Screen Protector|~|brand=|~|rating=0|~|ratingCount=0|~|price=9.95|~|priceReg=9.95|~|priceSale=|~|image=https://sep.yimg.com/ay/yhst-38148694942392/blu-r1-plus-matteskin-screen-protector-3.gif BLU R1 Plus MatteSkin Screen Protector. itemId=sk28189-matte-r1-plus-phone-skin-protector|~|priceRange=1|~|color=|~|size=|~|orderable=T|~|call-to-order=|~|call-for-price=|~|hasOptions=F|~|isOrganic=F|~|isNew=F|~|bestseller=|~|name=BLU R1 Plus MatteSkin Full Body Skin Protector|~|brand=|~|rating=0|~|ratingCount=0|~|price=15.95|~|priceReg=15.95|~|priceSale=|~|image=https://sep.yimg.com/ay/yhst-38148694942392/blu-r1-plus-matteskin-full-body-skin-protector-20.gif BLU R1 Plus MatteSkin Full Body Skin Protector. Our Latest Designs: Nokia Lumia 635/630 , LG G2 Mini , Samsung Gear Live , LG G Watch , Pantech Vybe , Alacatel OneTouch POP 7 , Samsung Galaxy Tab S 10.5 , Samsung Galaxy Tab S 8.4 , OnePlus One , Microsoft Surface Pro 3 , Kyocera Hydro Icon. Cell Phones Tablets & E-Readers MP3 Players Gaming Devices Wrist Watches Digital Cameras GPS Laptops Mice & Keyboards Miscellaneous Devices Carbon Fiber Skins Natural Wood Skins Brushed Metal Skins TECH GLASS iPhone X Google Pixel 2 Google Pixel 2 XL Galaxy S8 Plus (S8+) Galaxy S8 Fire 7 (2017, Kids Edition Compatible) Nintendo Switch ZTE Quartz (SmartWatch) HTC U11 Fitbit Blaze LG G6 Apple iPhone 7 Plus Fitbit Charge 2 Garmin Vivoactive HR iPad Pro 12.9 (2017) Fitbit Alta HR Apple iPad (9.7",2017) Samsung Gear S3 Frontier (SM-R760,46mm) LG V20 Samsung Galaxy S7 Blackberry KEYone BlackBerry DTEK50 Apple Watch 42mm Series 2 Apple Watch Series 2 38mm OnePlus 5 Galaxy J7 (2017, US Version) Moto Z2 Play Samsung Galaxy J5 (2017) Huawei Watch 2 Sport Garmin Fenix 5x. Please Select Acer Aiptek Airo Wireless Altek Amazon Alcatel Apple Archos Arnova Asus Audiovox Barnes And Noble BenQ Siemens BlackBerry Canon Casio Cisco Creative Cricket Danger Hiptop Dell DigiLife D-Link DoCoMo Epson Eten Flip Fujifilm Garmin GE General Mobile Gigabyte Gigaware Glofiish Handspring Hasselblad Helio HP HTC Huawei iFOE i-Mate INQ JVC Kobo Kodak Konica Kyocera Latte Leica Lenovo LG Magellan Microsoft Mio Motorola MSI Nikon Nintendo Nokia O2 Olympus Openmoko Orange Palm Panasonic PanDigital Pantech Pentax Pocket PC Polaroid Qwest Ricoh Samsung Sanyo Saygus Sealife Sharp Siemens SK Telesys Sky Slacker Sony Sony Ericsson Terrestar Toshiba UTStarcom Velocity Micro Vertu Verzo ViewBook ViewSonic Vizio Uncategorized ZTE. Join Our Mailing List & Stay Up-to-Date. Get Exclusive Offers & New Product Updates.. Website design by Solid Cactus. 
Unofficial T-Mobile Blog, News, Videos, Articles and more. Call T-Mobile at (888) 652-1428. You are here: Home > BLU R1 Plus is an unlocked Android phone with a 4000mAh battery. BLU R1 Plus is an unlocked Android phone with a 4000mAh battery. After launching the R1 HD late last year, BLU today announced a successor for that device.. The BLU R1 Plus is an updated version of the R1 HD, with several upgraded specs. For example, the R1 Plus features a 13-megapixel rear camera with LED flash, while the R1 HD has an 8-megapixel camera. The R1 Plus also features an upgraded MediaTek 6737 processor, 3GB of RAM, and 32GB of storage, all of which are upgrades over the R1 HD.. Other features of the BLU R1 Plus include a larger 5.5-inch 1280×720 display, a 5-megapixel camera with wide angle lens, a much beefier 4000mAh battery, FM radio, and Android 6.0 Marshmallow. BLU does say that an upgrade to Android 7.0 is planned .. Also of note is that the BLU R1 Plus comes with T-Mobile VoLTE support out of the box, which is a feature that was added to the R1 HD post-launch. However, the BLU R1 Plus does not support T-Mobile Wi-Fi Calling.. The BLU R1 Plus is priced at $159.99 and is available from Amazon. Best Buy was selling the device, too, but appears to be sold out as of publication. Also of note is that BLU says that starting on April 29, the R1 Plus will be available with a $50 instant rebate for 24 hours, bringing its price down to $109.99.. BLU’s R1 Plus offers some nice upgrades over the R1 HD, and with its 4000mAh battery, it should get some pretty good battery life. The lack of Wi-Fi Calling and having Android 6.0 pre-loaded instead of Android 7.0 are both disappointments, but at least an upgrade to Nougat is in BLU’s plans.. To get a closer look at the BLU R1 Plus, you can check out its Amazon product page at the link below.. Tags: Android , BLU , BLU Products , BLU R1 Plus. Editorial Director of News and Content for PhoneDog Media. Can be found on Twitter at @alw .. View all posts by Alex Wagner →. ← Samsung Galaxy J3 Prime arrives at T-Mobile and MetroPCS. T-Mobile Galaxy S6 edge+ to get Android 7.0 Nougat update next week →. Can confirm it’s a nice phone (even with the Amazon advertising – I don’t know if the plus will have that as an option.). Had the R1 HD twice thru Amazon and returned both because even after the software update to enable VoLTE, both phones would drop 4G LTE signal during a phone call and immediately return to 4G LTE after the phone call was over. I spoke to numerous Blu CSR’s and they all told me the same thing about the R1 HD not having the hardware to support VoLTE, which in turn irritated me and motioned me to ask then why in your software update description does it say this update will enable T-mobile’s Band 12 and VoLTE? They tell me to call back later because they don’t have an answer for me. Never again will I purchase another Blu product. Sticking with Samsung products for T-mobile.. The CS agent didn’t know what he was talking about. The phone was just waiting on an update, and the update did finally come. VoLTE is pretty much 100% a software thing, it doesn’t require special hardware.. Ok I still had the problem of my LTE signal dropping during phone calls after I did the software update for two Blu R1 HD units.. Oh I’m not saying the update fixed everything (hell, they released a new update yesterday that was supposed to fix T-Mobile VoLTE issues), but I am saying that was the CS agent told you was garbage.. I’m pretty happy with my R1 HD. It drops calls in the same place a previous phone of mine drops calls but is otherwise pretty solid. I can’t comment on whether it is especially good with LTE because I have nothing to compare it to, but hopefully yesterday’s update has improved things a little.. didn’t mean to sound like I was apprehensive towards you and I am sorry for that.. New update rolled out today to actually fix the VoLTE issue and update the Android security to April 2017.. Thanks for the info, but I am happy with my Samsung Galaxy S8 and J7.. So is the sd820… Quad core isn’t that bad. I think I’ll get this tomorrow to tide me over until the OnePlus 5 comes out or the Pixel 2, my Nexus 4 is showing it’s age bad, I’ve had it for 4.5 years now, ugh!. I discontinue working hard at shopritte and after that currently I am generating $75-$97 each and every hour. How? Now I am working on-line! My occupation did not make me satisfied consequently I thought to take an opportunity on something new…after just 4 years it wasn’t simple to discontinue my day job but now I couldn’t be more delighted.>>> OKNO.UK/r/279Dp. - Any - 3G|4G U301 USB Modem Acer Aspire One Netbook Acer Liquid M220 Airave 2.5 Plus Alcatel 510A Alcatel 768 Alcatel 871A GoPhone Alcatel A392G Alcatel Fling Alcatel One Touch 991 Alcatel One Touch Evolve Alcatel OneTouch Conquest Alcatel OneTouch Elevate Alcatel OneTouch Evolve 2 ALCATEL ONETOUCH Fierce Alcatel OneTouch Fierce 2 Alcatel Onetouch Idol 3 (4.7") Alcatel Onetouch Idol 3 (5.5") Alcatel OneTouch Pop 7 Alcatel OneTouch Pop Icon Alcatel OneTouch Pop Mega Alcatel OneTouch Pop Star LTE Alcatel OneTouch Retro ALCATEL OneTouch Sonic LTE Alcatel Pop C9 Alcatel Pop D3 Alcatel Venture Amazon Fire Phone Anna Sui Mobile by Samsung Apple iPad 2 16GB Apple iPad 2 32GB Apple iPad 2 64GB Apple iPad Air Apple iPad Air 2 Apple iPad Mini Apple iPad mini 2 Apple iPad Mini 3 Apple iPad mini 4 Apple iPad mini with Retina Display Apple iPad Pro Apple iPad with Retina Display Apple iPhone 16 GB Apple iPhone 3G 16 GB Apple iPhone 3G 8 GB Apple iPhone 3G S 32 GB Apple iPhone 3GS Apple iPhone 4 Apple iPhone 4S Apple iPhone 5 Apple iPhone 5c Apple iPhone 5s Apple iPhone 6 Apple iPhone 6 Plus Apple iPhone 6s Apple iPhone 6s Plus ASUS MeMO Pad 7 LTE ASUS MeMO Pad FHD 10 LTE ASUS PadFone X mini ASUS ZenFone 2 ASUS ZenWatch 2 AT&T Avail 2 AT&T F160 AT&T Impulse 4G AT&T Mobile Hotspot Elevate 4G AT&T Mobile Hotspot MiFi 2372 AT&T Quickfire AT&T Radiant GoPhone AT&T Unite AT&T Unite Pro AT&T USBConnect 900 AT&T USBConnect Adrenaline AT&T USBConnect Force 4G AT&T USBConnect Mercury AT&T USBConnect Momentum 4G AT&T USBConnect Shockwave AT&T USBConnect Turbo AT&T USBConnect Velocity AT&T Z222 GoPhone AT&T Z331 AT&T Z998 GoPhone Audiovox CDM-8940 Audiovox PC5740 EVDO PC Card Audiovox VI600 Audiovox XV6600 Betsey Johnson Mobile by Samsung Big Button Flip Alcatel A392G BlackBerry 7130e BlackBerry 7250 BlackBerry 7290 BlackBerry 8703e BlackBerry 8820 BlackBerry Bold BlackBerry Bold 9650 BlackBerry Bold 9700 BlackBerry Bold 9780 BlackBerry Bold 9900 BlackBerry Bold 9930 BlackBerry Classic BlackBerry Curve 3G BlackBerry Curve 3G 9300 BlackBerry Curve 8320 BlackBerry Curve 8330 BlackBerry Curve 8350i BlackBerry Curve 8520 BlackBerry Curve 8530 BlackBerry Curve 8900 BlackBerry Curve 9310 BlackBerry Curve 9315 BlackBerry Curve 9330 BlackBerry Curve 9350 BlackBerry Curve 9360 BlackBerry Curve 9370 BlackBerry Leap BlackBerry Passport BlackBerry Pearl BlackBerry Pearl 3G BlackBerry Pearl 8110 BlackBerry Pearl 8120 BlackBerry Pearl 8130 BlackBerry Pearl Flip 8220 BlackBerry Pearl Flip 8230 BlackBerry Priv BlackBerry Q10 BlackBerry Storm BlackBerry Storm2 BlackBerry Style BlackBerry Torch 9800 BlackBerry Torch 9810 BlackBerry Torch 9850 BlackBerry Torch 9860 BlackBerry Tour BlackBerry Z10 BlackBerry Z30 Blackphone 2 BLU Advance 4.0 BLU Dash 5.0+ BLU Life View BLU Neo 4.5 BLU Studio 5.0 BLU Studio 5.0 C BLU Studio 5.0 II BLU Studio 5.0 II BLU Studio 5.0C BLU Studio 6.0 HD BLU Studio C Mini BLU Studio Energy BLU Studio Mini LTE BLU Studio Selfie LTE Boost MAX by ZTE Boost Warp 4G by ZTE Brigadier by Kyocera Casio EXILIM Casio G'zOne Boulder CASIO G'zONE Ravine 2 (Non-Camera) Casio GzOne Brigade Casio GzOne Commando Casio GzOne Ravine Casio GzOne Ravine 2 Casio GzOne Rock CAT B15Q CAT S40 Compaq Mini 110c-1048NR Coolpad Arise Coolpad Flo Coolpad Quattro 4G Dell Inspiron 14z Laptop Dell Inspiron Mini 10 with T-Mobile webConnect Dell Inspiron Mini 1012 Dell Streak 7 Diane Von Furstenberg Mobile by Samsung DROID 2 by Motorola DROID 2 Global by Motorola DROID 3 by Motorola DROID 4 by Motorola DROID BIONIC 4G by Motorola DROID by Motorola DROID CHARGE by Samsung Droid DNA by HTC DROID ERIS by HTC DROID INCREDIBLE 2 by HTC DROID Incredible 4G LTE by HTC DROID INCREDIBLE by HTC DROID Pro by Motorola DROID R2 D2 by Motorola DROID RAZR by Motorola DROID RAZR by Motorola 16GB DROID RAZR HD by Motorola DROID RAZR M by Motorola DROID RAZR MAXX by Motorola DROID RAZR MAXX HD by Motorola DROID Turbo DROID X by Motorola DROID X2 by Motorola Enact by LG Ericsson c905a Ericsson Equinox Ericsson TM506 Ericsson Vivaz Ericsson W350 Ericsson W518a Ericsson w760a Ericsson Z750a Firefly Fivespot Global Ready Franklin Wireless U680 USB Galaxy Nexus by Samsung Garmin Garminfone Garmin nuvifone G60 Gateway LT2016u Netbook Google Nexus 4 Google Nexus 5 Google Nexus 6 Google Nexus 9 Google Pixel C HP iPAQ Glisten HP Mini 110 Netbook HP Mini 110-1050NR HP Mini 1151NR Netbook HP Mini 210-1076NR Netbook HP Mini 311-1037NR Netbook HP Veer 4G HTC 8XT HTC Amaze HTC Aria HTC Arrive HTC Desire HTC Desire 510 HTC Desire 526 HTC Desire 610 HTC Desire 612 HTC Desire 626 HTC Desire 626s HTC Desire 816 HTC Desire 826 HTC Desire EYE HTC Droid DNA HTC EVO 3D HTC EVO 4G HTC EVO 4G LTE HTC EVO Design 4G HTC EVO Shift 4G HTC EVO View 4G HTC First HTC Freestyle HTC FUZE HTC HD 7 HTC HD2 HTC HD7S HTC Hero HTC Imagio HTC Inspire 4G HTC Jetstream HTC Merge HTC Mogul Pocket PC 6800 HTC One HTC One (E8) HTC One (M8) HTC One (M8) For Windows HTC One A9 HTC One M9 HTC One Max HTC One mini HTC One remix HTC One S HTC One SV HTC One V HTC One X HTC One X+ HTC Ozone HTC PPC6800 HTC Pure HTC Radar HTC Rezound HTC Rhyme HTC S621 Excalibur HTC S630 Cavalier HTC Sensation HTC Snap HTC Status HTC Surround HTC Thunderbolt HTC Tilt 2 HTC Titan HTC Titan II HTC Touch HTC Touch Diamond HTC Touch Pro HTC Touch Pro 2 HTC Trophy HTC Vivid HTC Wildfire S Huawei Activa 4G Huawei Ascend HUAWEI Ascend II Huawei Ascend Mate 2 Huawei Ascend Plus Huawei Ascend W1 Huawei Ascend Y Huawei EC168 Huawei Glory Huawei H210C Huawei H215G Huawei H866C Huawei Honor 6 Plus Huawei Inspira Huawei M735 Huawei M835 Huawei Mate S Huawei Nexus 6P Huawei P8 lite Huawei Pal Huawei Pinnacle Huawei Premia 4G Huawei SnapTo Huawei Summit Huawei U8651T Prism Huawei Union Huawei Valiant Huawei Verge Huawei Vitria Huawei Watch Jolla Tablet KIN One KIN Two Kyocera 126C Kyocera 323 Kyocera Brigadier Kyocera Brio Kyocera Coast Kyocera Contact Kyocera DuraCore Kyocera DuraForce Kyocera DuraMax Kyocera DuraPlus Kyocera DuraShock Kyocera DuraXT Kyocera DuraXV Kyocera E1000 Kyocera E1100 Neo Kyocera E2000 Kyocera Echo Kyocera Event Kyocera Hydro Kyocera Hydro Edge Kyocera Hydro Elite Kyocera Hydro Icon Kyocera Hydro Vibe Kyocera Hydro Wave Kyocera Hydro XTRM Kyocera K132 Kyocera Kona Kyocera Loft Kyocera Milano Kyocera Presto Kyocera Rise Kyocera SE47 Slider Kyocera Torino Kyocera Torque Kyocera TorqueXT Kyocera Verve LG 221C LG 101 LG 1500 LG 220C LG 231C LG 235C LG 236C LG 320G LG 400G LG 450 LG 500G LG 505C LG 511C LG 600G LG 620G LG 800G LG 900G LG A340 LG A380 LG Access LTE LG Accolade LG Ally LG Arena LG Aspire LG AX155 LG AX300 LG AX310 LG AX565 LG AX8600 LG Banter LG Beacon LG CF360 LG Chocolate 3 LG Chocolate Touch LG Chocolate VX8550 LG Chocolate White LG Clout LG Connect 4G LG Cosmos LG Cosmos 2 LG Cosmos 3 LG Cosmos Touch LG Dare LG Decoy LG dLite LG Doubleplay LG Enact LG Encore LG Enlighten LG enV Touch LG enV VX11000 LG enV VX9900 LG enV2 LG enV3 LG Escape LG Esteem LG Exalt LG eXpo LG Extravert LG Extravert 2 LG Fathom LG G Flex LG G Flex 2 LG G Pad 10.1 LTE LG G Pad 10.1 LTE LG G Pad 7.0 LTE LG G Pad 7.0 LTE LG G Pad 8.3 LG G Pad F7.0 LG G Stylo LG G Vista LG G Vista 2 LG G2 LG G3 LG G3 Vigor LG G4 LG Glance LG Glimmer LG Google Nexus 4 LG GS170 LG GU295 LG INCITE LG Intuition LG Invision LG L35G SIM4 LG Lancet LG Leon LTE LG Lotus LG Lotus Elite LG Lucid 2 LG Lucid 3 LG Lucky LG LX150 LG LX160 LG LX290 LG LX350 LG LX370 LG LX400 LG LX550 LG Mach LG Marquee LG Migo LG Motion 4G LG Muziq LX570 LG Neon LG Neon II LG Nexus 5X LG Nitro HD LG Octane LG Optimus Black LG Optimus Dynamic LG Optimus Dynamic II LG Optimus Elite LG Optimus Exceed LG Optimus Exceed 2 LG Optimus Extreme LG Optimus F3 LG Optimus F3Q LG Optimus F6 LG Optimus F7 LG Optimus Fuel LG Optimus G LG Optimus G Pro LG Optimus L70 LG Optimus L9 LG Optimus L90 LG Optimus Logic LG Optimus M LG Optimus M+ LG Optimus Net LG Optimus One P500 LG Optimus Q LG Optimus S LG Optimus SHOWTIME LG Optimus T LG Optimus Ultimate LG Optimus Zip LG Optimus Zone LG Optimus Zone 2 LG Phoenix LG PM-225 LG Prime LG Quantum LG Realm LG Remarq LG Revere LG Revere 2 LG Revere 3 LG Revolution LG Rhythm LG Rumor LG Rumor 2 LG Rumor Reflex LG Rumor Reflex S LG Rumor Touch LG Scoop LG Sentio LG Shine CU720 LG Shine II LG Spirit 4G LG Sunrise LG Swift LG Thrill LG Transpyre LG Tribute LG Tribute 2 LG Tritan LG Ultimate 2 LG UX145 LG UX260 LG UX280 LG UX300 LG UX380 LG UX565 LG UX830 LG V10 LG Venice LG Versa LG VI-125 LG VI-5225 LG Viper LG VL600 4G USB Modem LG Volt LG Volt 2 LG Vortex LG Vu CU915 LG Vu CU920 LG Vu Plus LG VX3100 LG VX3300 LG VX3400 LG VX3450 LG VX3450L LG VX4400 LG VX4500 LG VX5200 LG VX5400 LG VX5500 LG VX7000 LG VX8000 LG VX8300 LG VX8350 LG VX8360 LG VX8600 LG VX9800 LG Watch Urbane LG Xenon LG Xpression LG Xpression 2 LG100C LG200C LG225 LG300G LG400G LG501C LG620G LG900G Lucid 3 by LG Lucid by LG Microsoft Lumia 535 Microsoft Lumia 550 Microsoft Lumia 640 Microsoft Lumia 640 XL Microsoft Lumia 950 Microsoft Lumia 950 XL MiFi 2200 Mobile Hotspot MiFi 3G/4G Mobile Hotspot MiFi 500 LTE by Novatel Wireless Moto 360 (2nd Gen) 42mm Moto 360 (2nd Gen) 46mm Moto 360 Sport Motorola 408 Motorola A1200 Ming Motorola A630 Motorola ACTV Motorola Admiral Motorola Adventure V750 Motorola Atrix 2 Motorola Atrix 4G Motorola Atrix HD Motorola Backflip Motorola Bali Motorola Barrage Motorola Bravo Motorola Brute i680 Motorola Brute i686 Motorola Buzz ic502 Motorola C139 Motorola C168i Motorola Charm Motorola Citrus Motorola CLIQ Motorola CLIQ 2 Motorola CLIQ XT Motorola Clutch i465 Motorola Clutch i475 Motorola Debut i856 Motorola Defy Motorola Defy XT Motorola Devour Motorola Droid Bionic Motorola DROID MAXX Motorola DROID Maxx 2 Motorola DROID Mini Motorola DROID Turbo 2 Motorola DROID Ultra Motorola Droid XYBoard 10.1 Motorola Droid XYBoard 8.2 Motorola E815 Motorola EM326g Motorola EM330 Motorola Entice Motorola Evoke Motorola EX124G Motorola EX431G Motorola Flipout Motorola Flipside Motorola Gallo i296 Motorola Hint Motorola Hint QA30 Motorola i1 Motorola i412 Motorola i530b Motorola i530y Motorola i570 Motorola i576 Motorola i605 Motorola i710 Motorola i776 Motorola i830 Motorola i880 Motorola i886 Motorola i890 Motorola Karma QA1 Motorola Krave ZN4 Motorola KRZR K1 Motorola KRZR K1m Motorola L2 Motorola L6 Motorola Luge Motorola Moto E (1st Gen) Motorola Moto E (2nd Gen) Motorola Moto G Motorola Moto G (3rd Gen) Motorola Moto X Motorola Moto X (2014) Motorola Moto X Play Motorola Moto X Style (Pure Edition) Motorola MOTORAZR maxx Ve Motorola MOTORAZR VE20 Motorola PEBL Motorola PHOTON 4G Motorola Photon Q Motorola Q9 Global Motorola Q9c Motorola Q9m Motorola Rambler Motorola Rapture VU30 Motorola RAZR V3 Motorola RAZR V3 Dolce & Gabbana Motorola RAZR V3c Motorola RAZR V3c Motorola RAZR V3i/ V3t/ V3r Motorola RAZR V3m Motorola RAZR V3xx Motorola RAZR2 V9m Motorola Renegade V950 Motorola Renew Motorola Rival Motorola RIZR Z3 Motorola RIZR Z6c Motorola ROKR Motorola ROKR E8 Motorola ROKR U9 Motorola ROKR Z6 Motorola SLVR L7c Motorola Stature i9 Motorola T722i Motorola Theory Motorola Titanium Motorola Triumph Motorola Tundra Motorola V120e Motorola V171 Motorola V180 Motorola V190 Motorola V195 Motorola V220 Motorola V235 Motorola V260 Motorola V325 Motorola V360 Motorola V551 Motorola V600 Motorola V60s Motorola V710 Motorola VE465 Motorola VU204 Motorola W315 Motorola W375g Motorola W380 Motorola W385 Motorola W408g Motorola W409G Motorola W418G Motorola W490 Motorola W755 Motorola XOOM Motorola XOOM 4G LTE Motorola XPRT Motorola Z9 Motorola Zine ZN5 myTouch 4G NEC Terrain Netgear 341U USB Modem Netgear Mingle Mobile Hotspot Netgear Zing Nexbit Robin Nexus S 4G Nexus S from Google Nokia 1208 Nokia 1600 Nokia 1616 Nokia 1661 Nokia 1680 Nokia 2320 Nokia 2330 Nokia 2600 Nokia 2605 Mirage Nokia 2610 Nokia 2630 Nokia 2660 Nokia 2680 Nokia 2720 Nokia 2760 Nokia 3220 Nokia 3555 Nokia 3588i Nokia 3660 Nokia 3711 Nokia 5130 Nokia 5230 Nuron Nokia 5310 XpressMusic Nokia 5610 Nokia 6010 Nokia 6015i Nokia 6030 Nokia 6085 Nokia 6101 Nokia 6102i Nokia 6133 Nokia 6165i Nokia 6205 Nokia 6215i Nokia 6236i Nokia 6263 Nokia 6301 Nokia 6315i Nokia 6350 Nokia 6555 Nokia 6650 Nokia 6800 Nokia 7205 Intrigue Nokia 7510 Nokia 7705 Twist Nokia Astound Nokia C3 Nokia E71 Nokia E71x Nokia E73 Mode Nokia Lumia 1020 Nokia Lumia 1520 Nokia Lumia 2520 Nokia Lumia 520 Nokia Lumia 521 Nokia Lumia 530 Nokia Lumia 625 Nokia Lumia 635 Nokia Lumia 710 Nokia Lumia 810 Nokia Lumia 820 Nokia Lumia 822 Nokia Lumia 830 Nokia Lumia 900 Nokia Lumia 920 Nokia Lumia 925 Nokia Lumia 928 Nokia Lumia Icon Nokia Mural Nokia N1 Nokia N73 Nokia N75 Nokia N95 8GB Nokia NGage Nokia Surge Nokia Twist 7705 Nokia VI-3155 Nokia X2 Novatel EX720 ExpressCard Novatel Merlin C777 Novatel Merlin S620 Novatel MiFi 2200 Novatel MiFi 5580 Novatel Ovation U727 Novatel Ovation U760 Novatel PC770 PCmCIA Novatel S720 Novatel U760 Novatel USB1000 Global Modem Novatel V620 EVDO PC Card Novatel V640 PC/Mac USB Broadband Card Novatel V740 PC/Mac Wireless Broadband Card OnePlus 2 OnePlus One OnePlus X Option Quicksilver USB Modem Overdrive 3G 4G Mobile Hotspot Overdrive Pro 3G/4G Hotspot Palm Centro Palm M500 Palm Pixi Palm Pixi Plus Palm Pre Palm Pre 2 Palm Pre Plus Palm Pro Palm Pro Palm Treo 650 Palm Treo 700p Palm Treo 700w Palm Treo 700wx Palm Treo 755p Palm Treo 800w Palm Treo Pro Pantech Breakout Pantech Breeze Pantech Breeze II Pantech Breeze III Pantech Burst Pantech C120 Pantech C300 Pantech C3b Pantech C610 Pantech Caper Pantech Crossover Pantech Crux Pantech Ease Pantech Hotshot Pantech Impact Pantech Jest 2 Pantech Laser Pantech Link Pantech Link II Pantech Marauder Pantech Matrix Pantech Matrix Pro Pantech Perception Pantech PN-820 Pantech Pocket Pantech Pursuit Pantech Pursuit II Pantech Renue Pantech Reveal Pantech Slate Pantech Swift Pantech UML290 4G USB Modem Pantech UML295 LTE USB Modem PCD Chaser Phone Connect 3 Plum Might Z513 Que 4.5 Que 5.0 REEF RIM BlackBerry 6710 RIM BlackBerry 7100t RIM BlackBerry 7105t RIM BlackBerry 7130e RIM BlackBerry 7230 RIM BlackBerry 8700g Rugged CAT S50 S275G Samsung 4G Mobile Hotspot LC11 Samsung A107 Samsung A117 Samsung A127 Samsung A137 Samsung A167 Samsung A187 Samsung A197 Samsung A237 Samsung A580 Samsung A630 Samsung A637 Samsung A650 Samsung A670 Samsung A777 Samsung A870 Samsung A890 Samsung A930 Samsung A950 Samsung A970 Samsung A990 Samsung Access Samsung Ace i325 Samsung Admire Samsung Alias 2 Samsung Array Samsung ATIV Odyssey Samsung ATIV S Neo Samsung ATIV SE Samsung Beat Samsung Behold Samsung Behold II Samsung BlackJack i607 Samsung BlackJack II i617 Samsung Brightside Samsung Captivate Samsung Captivate Glide Samsung Comeback Samsung Conquer 4G Samsung Continuum Samsung Contour 2 Samsung Convoy Samsung Convoy 2 Samsung Convoy 3 Samsung Craft Samsung D415 Samsung D900 Samsung Dart Samsung Delve Samsung DoubleTime Samsung E105 Samsung E315 Samsung E335 Samsung E635 Samsung E715 Samsung Entro Samsung Epic Samsung Epix Samsung Eternity Samsung Eternity II Samsung Evergreen Samsung Exclaim Samsung Exhibit 4G Samsung Exhibit II 4G Samsung Factor Samsung Fascinate Samsung Flight Samsung Flight II Samsung FlipShot SCH-U900 Samsung Focus Samsung Focus 2 Samsung Focus Flash Samsung Focus S Samsung Freeform Samsung Freeform II Samsung Freeform III Samsung Freeform M Samsung Galaxy Ace Samsung Galaxy Ace 4 LTE Samsung Galaxy Ace Style Samsung Galaxy Admire 4G Samsung Galaxy Alpha Samsung Galaxy Appeal Samsung Galaxy Attain 4G Samsung Galaxy Avant Samsung Galaxy Centura Samsung Galaxy Core Prime Samsung Galaxy Discover Samsung Galaxy Exhibit Samsung Galaxy Exhilarate Samsung Galaxy Express GoPhone Samsung Galaxy Grand Prime Samsung Galaxy Indulge Samsung Galaxy J1 LTE Samsung Galaxy Light Samsung Galaxy Mega 2 Samsung Galaxy Mega 6.3 Samsung Galaxy Note Samsung Galaxy Note 10.1 Samsung Galaxy Note 3 Samsung Galaxy Note 4 Samsung Galaxy Note 5 Samsung Galaxy Note Edge Samsung Galaxy Note II Samsung Galaxy Note Pro Samsung Galaxy Precedent Samsung Galaxy Prevail Samsung Galaxy Prevail 2 Samsung Galaxy Proclaim Samsung Galaxy Reverb Samsung Galaxy Ring Samsung Galaxy Rugby Pro Samsung Galaxy Rush Samsung Galaxy S 4 zoom Samsung Galaxy S 4G Samsung Galaxy S Blaze Samsung Galaxy S II Samsung Galaxy S II Skyrocket Samsung Galaxy S III Samsung Galaxy S III Mini Samsung Galaxy S Lightray 4G Samsung Galaxy S Relay 4G Samsung Galaxy S4 Samsung Galaxy S4 Active Samsung Galaxy S4 Mini Samsung Galaxy S5 Samsung Galaxy S5 Active Samsung Galaxy S5 mini Samsung Galaxy S5 Sport Samsung Galaxy S6 Samsung Galaxy S6 Active Samsung Galaxy S6 Edge Samsung Galaxy S6 edge+ Samsung Galaxy Stardust Samsung Galaxy Stellar Samsung Galaxy Stratosphere II Samsung Galaxy Tab Samsung Galaxy Tab 2 Samsung Galaxy Tab 3 Samsung Galaxy Tab 4 Samsung Galaxy Tab 4 10.1 Samsung Galaxy Tab 4 8.0 Samsung Galaxy Tab 4G - 16GB Samsung Galaxy Tab 4G - 32GB Samsung Galaxy Tab S Samsung Galaxy Tab S 10.5 Samsung Galaxy Tab S 10.5 Samsung Galaxy Tab S 8.4 Samsung Galaxy Tab S2 9.7 Samsung Galaxy Victory 4G LTE Samsung Galaxy View Samsung Gear 2 Samsung Gear S2 Samsung Gleam U700 Samsung Glyde Samsung GO Netbook Samsung Gravity Samsung Gravity 2 Samsung Gravity 3 Samsung Gravity Q Samsung Gravity SMART Samsung Gravity T Samsung Gravity TXT Samsung Gusto Samsung Gusto 2 Samsung Gusto 3 Samsung Haven Samsung Highlight Samsung Highnote Samsung Hue II Samsung Illusion Samsung Impression Samsung Infuse 4G Samsung Instinct Samsung Instinct HD Samsung Instinct S30 Samsung Intensity Samsung Intensity II Samsung Intensity III Samsung Intercept Samsung Intrepid Samsung IP-830 Samsung IP-A790 Samsung Jack Samsung Juke U470 Samsung Katalyst T739 Samsung Knack U310 Samsung M220 Samsung M240 Samsung M300 Samsung M320 Samsung M330 Samsung M360 Samsung M370 Samsung M400 Samsung M500 Samsung M510 Samsung M520 Samsung M610 Samsung Magnet Samsung Matrix Samsung Memoir Samsung MM-A920 Samsung Moment Samsung Muse Samsung MyShot Samsung Mysto Samsung Mythic Samsung Omnia Samsung Omnia II Samsung PM-A740 Samsung Precedent Samsung Propel Samsung Propel Pro Samsung R225m Samsung R335C Samsung R375C Samsung R451C Samsung R455C Samsung R610 Samsung Rant Samsung Reality Samsung Reclaim Samsung Renown Samsung Replenish Samsung Restore Samsung Rogue Samsung Rugby Samsung Rugby 4 Samsung Rugby II Samsung Rugby Smart Samsung S275G Samsung S380C Samsung S390G Samsung S425G Samsung Saga Samsung SCH-i600 Samsung SCH-i730 Samsung SCH-U340 Samsung SCH-U540 Samsung SCH-U620 Samsung SCH-U740 Samsung Seek Samsung SGH-T199 Samsung Smiley Samsung Smooth Samsung Solstice Samsung Solstice II Samsung SP-i600 Samsung Spex r210 Samsung SPH-i700 Samsung Stratosphere Samsung Stripe T329 Samsung Strive Samsung Sunburst Samsung Sway Samsung T109 Samsung T119 Samsung T139 Samsung T159 Samsung T201G Samsung T209 Samsung T219 Samsung T229 Samsung T239 Samsung T249 Samsung t259 Samsung T309 Samsung T319 Samsung T339 Samsung T349 Samsung T369 Samsung T401G Samsung T404G Samsung T439 Samsung T509 Samsung T519 Trace Samsung T528G Samsung T609 Samsung T619 Samsung T629 Samsung T639 Samsung t659 Samsung T719 Samsung T809 Samsung T819 Samsung Trance Samsung Transform Samsung Transform Ultra Samsung Trender Samsung U430 Samsung U450 Samsung U550 Samsung Upstage M620 Samsung VI660 Samsung Vibrant Samsung X427M Samsung X495 Samsung Z400 Samsung Z700 Samsung Zeal Sanyo 7050 Sanyo 8400 Sanyo Incognito Sanyo Innuendo Sanyo Innuendo by Kyocera Sanyo Katana Sanyo Katana DLX Sanyo Katana Eclipse Sanyo Katana Eclipse X Sanyo Katana II Sanyo Katana LX Sanyo M1 Sanyo MM-8300 Sanyo PRO-200 Sanyo PRO-700 Sanyo S1 Sanyo SCP-2400 Sanyo SCP-2700 Sanyo SCP-3100 Sanyo SCP-3200 Sanyo SCP-3810 Sanyo Taho by Kyocera Sanyo Vero by Kyocera Sanyo Zio Saygus V2 Sharp Aquos Crystal Sharp FX Sharp FX PLUS Siemens CF62T Sierra 598 USB Modem Sierra USB Lightning 305 Sierra Wireless 4G LTE Tri-Fi Hotspot Sierra Wireless AC595 PCMCIA Wireless Card Sierra Wireless AC595U USB PC/Mac Card Sierra Wireless AC597 ExpressCard PC/Mac Card Sierra Wireless AirCard 402 Sierra Wireless Compass 597 USB Modem SKY 4.0 Sky 5.0L Sonim XP STRIKE Sonim XP6 Sony C1904 Xperia M Sony Ericsson Equinox Sony Ericsson GC79 Cellular and WiFi PC Card Sony Ericsson GC89 PCMCIA PC Cell WiFi Card Sony Ericsson J220a Sony Ericsson K550 Sony Ericsson T290a Sony Ericsson T610 Sony Ericsson TM506 Sony Ericsson W580i Sony Ericsson W810i Sony Ericsson Xperia PLAY Sony Ericsson Z300 Sony Ericsson Z310a Sony Ericsson Z750a Sony Ericsson Z780 Sony Xperia E3 Sony Xperia E4 Sony Xperia M Sony Xperia M4 Aqua Sony Xperia PLAY 4G Sony Xperia T3 LTE Sony Xperia X10 Sony Xperia Z Sony Xperia Z1S Sony Xperia Z2 Sony Xperia Z3 Sony Xperia Z3 Compact Sony Xperia Z3+ Sony Xperia Z3v Sony Xperia Z4 Sony Xperia Z4 Tablet Sony Xperia Z4v Sony Xperia Z5 Sony Xperia Z5 Compact Sony Xperia Z5 Premium Spectrum 2 by LG Spectrum by LG Sprint 3G 4G U600 USB Modem Sprint 3G/4G Plug-in Connect USB Sprint 3G|4G USB 250U Sprint Flash Sprint Force Sprint LivePro Sprint Phone Connect 2 Sprint Plug-in-Connect Trimode Sprint Pocket WiFi Sprint PPC 6700 Sprint Vital Sprint WeGo T-Mobile 4G LTE HotSpot Z915 T-Mobile 4G Mobile Hotspot T-Mobile 665 T-Mobile 768 T-Mobile Comet T-Mobile Concord T-Mobile Concord II T-Mobile Dash T-Mobile Dash 3G T-Mobile G-Slate with Google T-Mobile G1 T-Mobile G2 T-Mobile G2x T-Mobile Jet 2.0 4G Stick T-Mobile MDA T-Mobile myTouch T-Mobile myTouch 3G T-Mobile myTouch 3G Slide T-Mobile myTouch 4G T-Mobile myTouch 4G Slide T-Mobile myTouch by LG T-Mobile myTouch Q T-Mobile myTouch Q by LG T-Mobile Prism T-Mobile Prism II T-Mobile Rocket 3.0 4G Laptop T-Mobile SDA T-Mobile Shadow T-Mobile Sidekick T-Mobile Sidekick 3 T-Mobile Sidekick 4G T-Mobile Sidekick iD T-Mobile Sidekick II T-Mobile Sidekick LX T-Mobile Sidekick Slide T-Mobile Sonic 4G T-Mobile Sparq T-Mobile Sparq II T-Mobile Tap T-Mobile webConnect Jet USB T-Mobile webConnect USB T-Mobile Wing Turing Phone UNIMAX MAXBravo Unimax MXE-675 UT Starcom PC-5740 UTStarcom Blitz UTStarcom CDM-8945 UTStarcom CDM-8975 UTStarcom Coupe UTStarcom PC5750 PCMCIA PC Broadband Card UTStarcom SMT5800 UTStarcom UM150 USB Modem UTStarcom UM175 USB UTStarcom XV6800 Pocket PC Verizon 4G LTE Broadband Router with Voice Verizon 4G LTE MiFi 4510L Verizon 4G LTE USB Modem 551L Verizon 4G LTE USB Modem UML295 Verizon AD3700 Global USB Verizon Adamant Verizon Blitz Verizon CDM8950 Verizon CDM8975 Verizon Ellipsis 8 Verizon Ellipsis Jetpack MHS800L Verizon Escapade Verizon GzOne Boulder Verizon Jetpack 4G LTE Mobile Hotspot - MiFi 4620L Verizon Jetpack 4G LTE Mobile Hotspot - MiFi 5510L Verizon Jetpack 4G LTE Mobile Hotspot - MiFi MHS291L Verizon Jetpack 4G LTE Mobile Hotspot 890L Verizon Jetpack 4G LTE Mobile Hotspot MHS291L Verizon Jetpack MiFi 4620LE 4G LTE Verizon Jetpack MiFi 5510L 4G LTE Mobile Hotspot Verizon Jetpack MiFi 6620L Verizon Razzle Verizon SMT5800 Verizon UM175 USB Data Modem Verizon UMW190 Global USB Verizon USB760 Modem Verizon VX6900 Verizon Wireless Fivespot Global Ready 3G Mobile Hotspot Verizon Wireless Home Phone Connect Verizon Wireless Salute Verizon Wireless Turbine 7.0 Verizon Wireless USB551L Virgin Mobile Awe webConnect Rocket HSPA+ Windows Phone 8S Windows Phone 8X Xperia ion by Sony YotaPhone 2 ZTE Anthem 4G ZTE Aspect ZTE Avid 4G ZTE Axon Pro ZTE Boost Max+ ZTE Compel ZTE Concord II ZTE Force ZTE Fury ZTE Grand S3 ZTE Grand X Max+ ZTE Illustra ZTE Majesty ZTE Maven ZTE Merit ZTE Midnight ZTE Nubia 5S Mini ZTE Optik ZTE Overture 2 ZTE Prestige ZTE Quartz ZTE Rapido LTE ZTE Savvy ZTE Score M ZTE Solar ZTE Speed ZTE Supreme ZTE Unico LTE ZTE Valet ZTE Vital ZTE Warp ZTE Warp Elite ZTE Warp Sequent ZTE Warp Sync ZTE Whirl ZTE Z432 ZTE Z667 ZTE Zephyr ZTE Zinger ZTE ZMAX ZTE ZMAX 2 AT&T GoPhone $30 Monthly Plan for Smartphones AT&T GoPhone $40 Monthly Plan for Smartphones AT&T GoPhone $45 Smartphone Monthly Plan with Data AT&T GoPhone $60 Smartphone Monthly Plan with Data AT&T Mobile Share 10GB AT&T Mobile Share 15GB AT&T Mobile Share 1GB AT&T Mobile Share 20GB AT&T Mobile Share 2GB AT&T Mobile Share 300MB AT&T Mobile Share 40GB AT&T Mobile Share 4GB AT&T Mobile Share 50GB AT&T Mobile Share 6GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 10GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 15GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 1GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 20GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 25GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 2GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 300MB AT&T Mobile Share Value 30GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 3GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 40GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 50GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 5GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 60GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 6GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 7GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 8GB Boost Mobile BlackBerry Monthly Unlimited Boost Mobile Data Boost Boost Mobile Monthly Unlimited Plan with Shrinking Payments Boost Mobile Monthly Unlimited Select Boost Mobile Monthly Unlimited with Growing Data CREDO Mobile 10GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 15GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 1GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 2GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 3GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 4GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 6GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 8GB Shared Data Plan FreedomPop Unlimited Talk & Text 1GB FreedomPop Unlimited Talk & Text 500MB GIV Mobile The 20 Plan GIV Mobile The 25 Plan GIV Mobile The 30 Plan GIV Mobile The 40 Plan GIV Mobile The 60 Plan MetroPCS $40 Unlimited Talk, Text and Data MetroPCS $50 Unlimited Talk, Text and Data MetroPCS $60 Unlimited Talk, Text and Data Net10 Unlimited Talk, Text, Data Net10 Unlimited Talk, Text, Data Family (2+ Lines) Republic Refund Plan with 0.5 GB Republic Refund Plan with 1 GB Republic Refund Plan with 2 GB Republic Refund Plan with 3 GB Republic Refund Plan with 4 GB Republic Refund Plan with 5 GB Republic Wireless $10 Plan Republic Wireless $25 Plan Republic Wireless $40 Plan Republic Wireless $5 Plan (WiFi Only) Republic Wireless Base Plan ROK Mobile Ultimate Unlimited Scratch Wireless Free Plan Scratch Wireless Free Plan + $1.99 Voice Pass Scratch Wireless Free Plan + $14.99 Voice Pass Scratch Wireless Free Plan + $6.99 Voice Pass Solavei Prepaid Unlimited Sprint $60 Unlimited Plan Sprint All-In Wireless Smartphone + Unlimited Sprint Family Share Pack 10GB Sprint Family Share Pack 12GB Sprint Family Share Pack 16GB Sprint Family Share Pack 1GB Sprint Family Share Pack 20GB Sprint Family Share Pack 2GB Sprint Family Share Pack 32GB Sprint Family Share Pack 40GB Sprint Family Share Pack 4GB Sprint Family Share Pack 60GB Sprint Family Share Pack 8GB Sprint Prepaid $60 Unlimited Talk, Text & Data Sprint Prepaid Unlimited Voice and Texting Sprint Simply Unlimited Plan for iPhone 6 & iPhone 6 Plus Sprint Unlimited My All-In Sprint Unlimited My Way Sprint Unlimited My Way Family Straight Talk All You Need Straight Talk Unlimited T-Mobile Simple Choice T-Mobile Simple Choice Family (Includes 2+ Lines) T-Mobile Simple Starter Plan T-Mobile Simply Prepaid T-Mobile Unlimited Talk and Text T-Mobile Unlimited Web and Text TextNow Wireless Grande Plan TextNow Wireless Quattro Plan TextNow Wireless Tall Plan TextNow Wireless Venti Plan The Verizon Plan - 100GB The Verizon Plan - 20GB The Verizon Plan - 25GB The Verizon Plan - 30GB The Verizon Plan - 40GB The Verizon Plan - 50GB The Verizon Plan - 60GB The Verizon Plan - 80GB The Verizon Plan - L The Verizon Plan - M The Verizon Plan - S The Verizon Plan - XL The Verizon Plan - XXL Ting L Plan Ting M Plan Ting S Plan Ting XL Plan TracFone 120 Minutes Pay As You Go Plan TracFone 200 Minutes Pay As You Go Plan TracFone 450 Minutes Pay As You Go Plan US Mobile 100 Mins Talk US Mobile 1000 Mins Talk US Mobile 2000 Mins Talk US Mobile 250 Mins Talk US Mobile 500 Mins Talk Verizon 100GB More Everything Verizon 10GB More Everything Verizon 14GB More Everything Verizon 15GB More Everything Verizon 16GB More Everything Verizon 20GB More Everything Verizon 2GB More Everything Verizon 30GB More Everything Verizon 40GB More Everything Verizon 4GB More Everything Verizon 500MB More Everything Verizon 50GB More Everything Verizon 60GB More Everything Verizon 80GB More Everything Verizon 8GB More Everything Verizon Prepaid Smartphone Plan Verizon Wireless Smartphone Single Line Plan Virgin Mobile payLo 1500 Talk & Text Virgin Mobile payLo 400 Minutes Virgin Mobile payLo Unlimited Talk & Text Virgin Mobile Unlimited + International + Extra Virgin Mobile Unlimited + More Data Virgin Mobile Unlimited Everything + International. Select the amount of total data you need for the entire plan.. For example, if you need 2 lines with 1 GB of data each, you would select 2 GB of data with the data slider below.. - Any - 0 5KB 50MB 30MB 100MB 150MB 200MB 250MB 300MB 400MB 500MB 600MB 700MB 800MB 900MB 1GB 1.5GB 2GB 2.5GB 3GB 4GB 5GB 6GB 7GB 8GB 10GB 12GB 14GB 15GB 16GB 18GB 20GB 25GB 30GB 32GB 35GB 40GB 50GB 60GB 80GB 100GB 120GB Unlimited. Android Data Featured News/Articles Rate plans Rumors Site announcements Software updates T-mobile Promotions Tablet Tips and Tricks Upcoming Phones Upcoming Services Windows Phone. PhoneDog Huawei MediaPad M5 tablets official with high-res screens, Android 8.0 Oreo HMD Global shows off five Nokia phones at MWC 2018 Samsung Galaxy S9 and S9+ pricing and deals for US carriers announced Samsung Galaxy S9 and S9+ feature Snapdragon 845, stereo speakers As flagship prices rise, are you considering more affordable options? ZTE Tempo Go is an Android Go phone that's coming to the US ZTE Blade V9 debuts with dual rear cameras and Android 8.1 Oreo. Huawei intros a trio of premium Android Amazon now offering discounts on Fire HMD Global to launch high-end Nokia ZTE Blade V9 now official as well as Alcatel T1 7 and T1 10 are new Android. PhoneDog is one of the largest and most popular interactive mobile news and reviews resource that attracts a community of more than 2.5 million unique visitors each month. The site may have a "cute" name, but it offers up serious editorial content and video reviews that users rely on to make important decisions about their next mobile purchases.. PhoneDog - Cell phone news. Android And Me - Google & Android. TmoNews - The Unofficial T-Mobile Blog. Reproduction without explicit permission is prohibited. 
BLU R1 Plus - user opinions and reviews. I put the Sim card from my old Blu phone in this new one and the new one does not recognize the Sim card!! Any ideas out there?. This phone is AMAZING for the price. It's super fast with 3GB RAM. This is my first 6.0 Android Marshmallow device and I find the interface seamless. 4000mAh battery is some of the best life you'll find on a phone, even in higher price price ranges I have found. DolphR, 27 Jun 2017 Phone too good for you what do you mean with that??? im asking because your statement makes no sense to me.. I've owned this phone for a month now and I haven't had any problems with it. Just like the r1 hd which I also had no problems with even though it was only 16gb I myself think that for mediatek phones the blu r1 hd and r1 plus are great phones for their prices. Speedy Gun-Sales, 17 Jun 2017 can you please tell me in terms of speed, and performance if this phone worth the hard earn cash? Phone too good for you. Ancient Minister, 20 Jun 2017 I own the phone. Works as a normal flagship would in terms of speed. what about the battery performance, it last more than 6 hours screen on time?. Works as a normal flagship would in terms of speed.. can you please tell me in terms of speed, and performance if this phone worth the hard earn cash?. SHAZAMM, 18 May 2017 yh all cheap Blu phones got that problem once it got the screen protector on yes, me too, shall i remove this plastic and avoid this problem, how about mms if i send text pic,are u okay?. Alex, 11 May 2017 Lots of bad reviews on Amazon about multitouch issues with this phone... With the last update, last with, the multitouch problem is OK.. Alex, 11 May 2017 Lots of bad reviews on Amazon about multitouch issues with this phone... yh all cheap Blu phones got that problem once it got the screen protector on. nicerat, 06 May 2017 Blu team has already announced that the Nougat update will be soon, you shout buy it! im not buying anything with nougat "planned" until they actually do it x.x. Lots of bad reviews on Amazon about multitouch issues with this phone.... I'm waiting to get pay to buy this phone, is the best phone out there right now, the Motorola moto g5 is $300 and is to much for me, now $160 for the 32Gb and 3RAM is good.. Blu team has already announced that the Nougat update will be soon, you shout buy it!. I mean, if the update gets up im probably going to buy it beacuse is one of the cheapest devices with gyroscope and 3 gb ram, but update through.. Total of 16 user reviews and opinions for BLU R1 Plus .. Samsung Apple Nokia Sony LG HTC Motorola Huawei Microsoft Lenovo Xiaomi Google Acer Asus Oppo OnePlus Meizu BlackBerry Alcatel ZTE Toshiba Vodafone Energizer XOLO Lava Micromax BLU Gionee vivo LeEco Panasonic HP YU verykool Maxwest Plum. BLU R2 Plus BLU R1 HD BLU R2 LTE BLU Studio XL2 ZTE Zmax Pro BLU Life One X3. BLU Vivo X BLU Vivo 8 BLU Vivo One BLU Vivo XL BLU Vivo 5 BLU Life One X3. 
Site Selections: Account Login, Store Selection, Cart Information. You are currently browsing the products available on our web store. If you would like to choose a store location, please do so below.. CA - Orange County/Tustin CO - Denver/Denver Tech Center GA - Greater Atlanta/Duluth GA - Greater Atlanta/Marietta IL - Chicagoland/Central IL - Chicagoland/Westmont KS - Kansas City/Overland Park MA - Boston/Cambridge MD - Beltway/Rockville MD - Baltimore/Towson MI - Detroit/Madison Heights MN - Twin Cities/St. Louis/Brentwood NJ - North Jersey / Paterson NY - Long Island/Westbury NY - Brooklyn/Gowanus Expy NY - Queens / Flushing NY - Westchester County/Yonkers OH - Central Ohio/Columbus OH - Northeast Ohio/Mayfield Heights OH - Cincinnati/Sharonville PA - Philadelphia/St. Davids TX - Houston TX - Dallas Metroplex/Richardson VA - Northern Virginia/Fairfax Micro Center Web Store. Refurbished Deals options - 6 groups of items - 20 total selections. Clearance options - 2 groups of items - 19 total selections. Hot Ad Deals options - 6 groups of items - 22 total selections. Computers options - 5 groups of items - 22 total selections. Shop Refurbished Systems with full 90 day warranties!. Apple options - 7 groups of items - 16 total selections. Computer Parts options - 10 groups of items - 36 total selections. Save on GeForce 10 Series video cards!. Electronics options - 12 groups of items - 56 total selections. Networking options - 6 groups of items - 26 total selections. Accessories options - 10 groups of items - 52 total selections. Software & Gaming options - 7 groups of items - 37 total selections. Service & Repair options - 3 groups of items - 15 total selections. Help options - 5 groups of items - 21 total selections. > Cell/Cordless Phones & Accessories. BLU R1 Plus Unlocked Smartphone - Black; 5.5" Display; 3GB RAM/32GB Storage; 1.3GHz Quad-Core CPU; 4G LTE GSM. Please select your store CA - Orange County/Tustin CO - Denver/Denver Tech Center GA - Greater Atlanta/Duluth GA - Greater Atlanta/Marietta IL - Chicagoland/Central IL - Chicagoland/Westmont KS - Kansas City/Overland Park MA - Boston/Cambridge MD - Beltway/Rockville MD - Baltimore/Towson MI - Detroit/Madison Heights MN - Twin Cities/St. Louis/Brentwood NJ - North Jersey / Paterson NY - Long Island/Westbury NY - Brooklyn/Gowanus Expy NY - Queens / Flushing NY - Westchester County/Yonkers OH - Central Ohio/Columbus OH - Northeast Ohio/Mayfield Heights OH - Cincinnati/Sharonville PA - Philadelphia/St. Davids TX - Houston TX - Dallas Metroplex/Richardson VA - Northern Virginia/Fairfax Micro Center Web Store ▾. 5.5" Display 3GB RAM/32GB Storage 1.3GHz Quad-Core CPU 4G LTE GSM Android 6.0 Marshmallow OS. The BLU R1 Plus infuses both design and technology elements into an incredible package. Crafted with the highest grade materials such as curved glass touch panel: as well as a metal trim for the middle housing: giving the BLU R1 Plus both a sophisticated look and excellent feel. Powered by a new and improved MediaTek 6737 1.3GHz Quad-Core Processor and a quicker Mali-T720 GPU. This will not only ensure great performance: but will enhance battery efficiency: the R1 Plus also has all the storage capacity you will need, with Expandable storage up to 64GB if more space is needed. A bigger and better display, the R1 Plus has a stunning 5.5" inch HD display with a curved on-cell glass panel. It will definitely provide vivid graphics and life like colors. All your favorite movies and video games will come to life on your display. The R1 Plus was designed with Corning Gorilla Glass 3 on front touch panel, providing your device with an extra layer or armor to protect it from cracks and scratches. The R1 Plus provides you with hours of enjoyment. You will not have the problem of running out of juice with the 4:000 mAh Battery. Boasting a 30 day standby time with 2-3 days of usage without charge: the R1 Plus will make sure you never run out of battery.. R1 Plus Smartphone; Power Adapter; Case; Screen Protector; User Manual; Charging Cable. HP Sprocket Photo Printer Sub Group 0. Micro Center 14 Day Return Policy. be credited to the credit card or debit card account used. We guarantee your satisfaction on every product we sell with a full refund — and you won’t even need a receipt.* We want you to be satisfied with your Micro Center purchase. However, if you need help or need to return an item, we’re here for you!. If an item you have purchased from us is not working as expected, please visit one of our in-store Knowledge Experts for free help, where they can solve your problem or even exchange the item for a product that better suits your needs.. If you need to return an item, simply bring it back to any Micro Center store for a full refund or exchange.. *If you are a Micro Center Insider or if you have provided us with validated contact information (name, address, email address), you won’t even need your receipt.. Desktop / notebook computers, tablets, processors, motherboards, digital cameras, camcorders and projectors, 3D printers, and CD/DVD duplicators may be returned within 15 daysof purchase. All other products may be returned within 30 days of purchase. Merchandise must be in new condition, with original carton/UPC, and all packaging/accessories/materials. If you need to return software, a game or a movie, remember that you may not retain any copies — it’s not legal, and it’s not nice. Wireless phones and devices may be returned within 14 days of purchase. When returning a wireless phone or device with a plan, you are responsible for ensuring that your service is cancelled with the carrier. If you don’t cancel your service, you may incur additional charges from your carrier. All carrier charges are your responsibility.. As a service to our customers, Micro Center offers free in-store technical support. Stop in any of our store locations during regular business hours, and our expert staff will answer your computer questions or help you with issues regarding:. If you need help with products purchased from Micro Center, please contact one of our knowledgeable tech support reps using the information below, or visit our tech support website for additional options and helpful information. Tech Support emails are answered within 24 hours. Free assistance is available for the first 90 days on new purchases, excluding internal hardware installations or networking support. Your invoice reference number will be required for free assistance. We accept the following credit cards: Micro Center VISA® credit card with WorldPoints® Rewards; VISA; MasterCard; American Express; Novus/Discover. Learn more about our exclusive Priority Care Program. You'll have access to our in-house Technical Support team of certified technology professionals trained to assist you on a variety of computer related support issues.. May be returned within 14 days of purchase*. + Create a New Wish List. As an email subscriber, you'll have premier access to our best offers, exclusive deals and more.. We guarantee your satisfaction on every product we sell with a full refund - no receipt needed if you have a Micro Center Insider Account.. We're your trusted local service and repair professionals. Work with the latest in computer and digital technology. Search the Micro Center Job Access site to review our latest openings.. 
Our new search experience requires JavaScript to be enabled. Please enable JavaScript on your browser , then try again .. All Categories Antiques Art Baby Books Business & Industrial Cameras & Photo Cell Phones & Accessories Clothing, Shoes & Accessories Coins & Paper Money Collectibles Computers/Tablets & Networking Consumer Electronics Crafts Dolls & Bears DVDs & Movies eBay Motors Entertainment Memorabilia Gift Cards & Coupons Health & Beauty Home & Garden Jewelry & Watches Music Musical Instruments & Gear Pet Supplies Pottery & Glass Real Estate Specialty Services Sporting Goods Sports Mem, Cards & Fan Shop Stamps Tickets & Experiences Toys & Hobbies Travel Video Games & Consoles Everything Else. Hi ( Sign in to bid or buy) Daily Deals Gift Cards Help & Contact Sell. Summary Recently Viewed Bids/Offers Watch List Purchase History Selling Saved Searches Saved Sellers Messages. Refine your search for blu r1. All Listings - Current page. Save blu r1 to get e-mail alerts and updates on your eBay Feed.. Unfollow blu r1 to stop getting updates on your eBay Feed.. You'll receive email and Feed alerts when new items arrive. Afghanistan - AFG Albania - ALB Algeria - DZA American Samoa - ASM Andorra - AND Angola - AGO Anguilla - AIA Antigua and Barbuda - ATG Argentina - ARG Armenia - ARM Aruba - ABW Australia - AUS Austria - AUT Azerbaijan Republic - AZE Bahamas - BHS Bahrain - BHR Bangladesh - BGD Barbados - BRB Belarus - BLR Belgium - BEL Belize - BLZ Benin - BEN Bermuda - BMU Bhutan - BTN Bolivia - BOL Bosnia and Herzegovina - BIH Botswana - BWA Brazil - BRA British Virgin Islands - VGB Brunei Darussalam - BRN Bulgaria - BGR Burkina Faso - BFA Burma - MMR Burundi - BDI Cambodia - KHM Cameroon - CMR Canada - CAN Cape Verde Islands - CPV Cayman Islands - CYM Central African Republic - CAF Chad - TCD Chile - CHL China - CHN Colombia - COL Comoros - COM Congo, Democratic Republic of the - COD Congo, Republic of the - COG Cook Islands - COK Costa Rica - CRI Cote d Ivoire (Ivory Coast) - CIV Croatia, Republic of - HRV Cyprus - CYP Czech Republic - CZE Denmark - DNK Djibouti - DJI Dominica - DMA Dominican Republic - DOM Ecuador - ECU Egypt - EGY El Salvador - SLV Equatorial Guinea - GNQ Eritrea - ERI Estonia - EST Ethiopia - ETH Falkland Islands (Islas Malvinas) - FLK Fiji - FJI Finland - FIN France - FRA French Guiana - GUF French Polynesia - PYF Gabon Republic - GAB Gambia - GMB Georgia - GEO Germany - DEU Ghana - GHA Gibraltar - GIB Greece - GRC Greenland - GRL Grenada - GRD Guadeloupe - GLP Guam - GUM Guatemala - GTM Guernsey - GGY Guinea - GIN Guinea-Bissau - GNB Guyana - GUY Haiti - HTI Honduras - HND Hong Kong - HKG Hungary - HUN Iceland - ISL India - IND Indonesia - IDN Ireland - IRL Israel - ISR Italy - ITA Jamaica - JAM Japan - JPN Jersey - JEY Jordan - JOR Kazakhstan - KAZ Kenya - KEN Kiribati - KIR Korea, South - KOR Kuwait - KWT Kyrgyzstan - KGZ Laos - LAO Latvia - LVA Lebanon - LBN Liechtenstein - LIE Lithuania - LTU Luxembourg - LUX Macau - MAC Macedonia - MKD Madagascar - MDG Malawi - MWI Malaysia - MYS Maldives - MDV Mali - MLI Malta - MLT Marshall Islands - MHL Martinique - MTQ Mauritania - MRT Mauritius - MUS Mayotte - MYT Mexico - MEX Micronesia - FSM Moldova - MDA Monaco - MCO Mongolia - MNG Montenegro - MNE Montserrat - MSR Morocco - MAR Mozambique - MOZ Namibia - NAM Nauru - NRU Nepal - NPL Netherlands - NLD Netherlands Antilles - ANT New Caledonia - NCL New Zealand - NZL Nicaragua - NIC Niger - NER Nigeria - NGA Niue - NIU Norway - NOR Oman - OMN Pakistan - PAK Palau - PLW Panama - PAN Papua New Guinea - PNG Paraguay - PRY Peru - PER Philippines - PHL Poland - POL Portugal - PRT Puerto Rico - PRI Qatar - QAT Reunion - REU Romania - ROU Russian Federation - RUS Rwanda - RWA Saint Helena - SHN Saint Kitts-Nevis - KNA Saint Lucia - LCA Saint Pierre and Miquelon - SPM Saint Vincent and the Grenadines - VCT San Marino - SMR Saudi Arabia - SAU Senegal - SEN Serbia - SRB Seychelles - SYC Sierra Leone - SLE Singapore - SGP Slovakia - SVK Slovenia - SVN Solomon Islands - SLB Somalia - SOM South Africa - ZAF Spain - ESP Sri Lanka - LKA Suriname - SUR Swaziland - SWZ Sweden - SWE Switzerland - CHE Taiwan - TWN Tajikistan - TJK Tanzania - TZA Thailand - THA Togo - TGO Tonga - TON Trinidad and Tobago - TTO Tunisia - TUN Turkey - TUR Turkmenistan - TKM Turks and Caicos Islands - TCA Tuvalu - TUV Uganda - UGA Ukraine - UKR United Arab Emirates - ARE United Kingdom - UK United States - USA Uruguay - URU Uzbekistan - UZB Vanuatu - VUT Vatican City State - VAT Venezuela - VEN Vietnam - VNM Virgin Islands (U.S) - VIR Wallis and Futuna - WLF Western Sahara - ESH Western Samoa - WSM Yemen - YEM Zambia - ZMB Zimbabwe - ZWE. BLU R1 HD R0030UU 16 GB Black Dual SIM Smartphone Unlocked Smart Cellphone. BLU R1 HD Cell Phone 16GB - Black Standard Version - Without Offers & Ads. 9 new & refurbished from $113.31. BLU R1 Plus R0071UU 32GB Unlocked GSM LTE Quad-Core Phone w/ 13MP Camera - Black. 3 new & refurbished from $109.95. BLU R1 Plus 16GB 4G LTE Unlocked GSM Smartphone - Black. BLU R1 Plus 16GB 4G LTE Unlocked GSM Smartphone - Gray. BLU R1 HD SMARTPHONE, 16GB Black (cracked screen) PARTS ONLY. BLU R1 HD R0010UU - 16GB - Black (Unlocked) Smartphone. BLU R1 Plus R0051UU 16GB Unlocked GSM LTE Quad-Core Phone w/ 13MP Camera - Black. 3 new & refurbished from $89.95. BLU R1 HD - 16GB - Black (Unlocked) Shattered screen, parts only. BLU R1 HD R0011uu 5" Smartphone 8GB GSM Unlocked Dual SIM Android -Black- NEW. 5 new & refurbished from $79.95. BLU R1 Plus 16GB 4G LTE Unlocked GSM Smartphone - Gray. BLU R1 HD 16GB Black Dual SIM. BLU R1 HD AMAZON EDITION, DECENT CONDITION, BROKEN GLASS A1-8. BLU R1 Plus 16GB 4G LTE Unlocked GSM Smartphone - Gray. BLU R1 HD Android Smartphone Dual Sim MicroSD Support 4G LTE GSM Plus Unlocked. BLU R1 HD Cell Phone 16GB - Black. BLU R1 HD R0031uu 5" Smartphone 16GB GSM Unlocked Dual SIM Android -Black- NEW. BLU R1 HD 16GB 4G LTE 5.0" HD R0031UU Unlocked GSM Dual SIM Smartphone Black. 2 new & refurbished from $132.37. BLU R1 HD Android Smartphone Dual Sim MicroSD Support 4G LTE GSM Plus Unlocked. BLU R1 HD Cracked Screen works but screen lock with pin, smart phone R0010UU. BLU R1 HD Cell Phone 16GB - Black Standard Version - GSM Without Offers & Ads. 9 new & refurbished from $113.31. BLU R1 Plus R0071UU Unluck Cell Phone. BLU R1 HD R0010UU - 16GB - Black (Unlocked) Smartphone USED. BLU R1 Plus 16GB 4G LTE Unlocked GSM Smartphone - Black. Brand New BLU R1 Plus - 4G LTE Unlocked Smartphone - 32GB + 3GB RAM -Black. BLU R1 HD SMARTPHONE, 16GB Black (cracked screen). BLU R1 Plus - 4G LTE Unlocked Smartphone - 32GB + 3GB RAM -Black. BLU R1 HD Smartphone Android Prime Exclusive Lockscreen Offers Ads Unlocked Cell. 4 new & refurbished from $129.85. (BROKEN) BLU R1 HD SMARTPHONE, 16GB Black. BLU R1 HD Cell Phone 16GB - Black. 9 new & refurbished from $113.31. BLU R1 HD 16 GB Black 4G Lockscreen Offers & Ads Android Dual Sim Android 6.0 Ma. 2 new & refurbished from $132.37. Unlocked Android BLU R1 5" HD 8 GB - Black - 8 MP Main Camera 1.3 GHz Quad-Core. BLU R1 HD (16GB, 2GB RAM) 5.0" 4G LTE Dual Sim UNLOCKED. BLU R1 HD (16GB, 2GB RAM) 5.0" 4G LTE Dual Sim Android 6.0 UNLOCKED R0031U BLACK. BLU R1 Plus R0051UU 16GB Unlocked GSM LTE Quad-Core Phone w/ 13MP Camera - Black. 3 new & refurbished from $89.95. BLU R1 Plus 32GB 3GB Ram Unlocked GSM Smartphone 4G LTE 5.5" Dual Sim Black NEW. 3 new & refurbished from $109.95. BLU R1 Plus - 4G LTE Unlocked Smartphone - 32GB + 3GB RAM - Black. OpenBox BLU R1 HD - 16 GB - Black - Prime Exclusive - with Lockscreen Offers &. BLU R1 HD - 8 GB - Black. BLU R1 HD Cell Phone 16GB - Black. BLU R1 HD (16GB, 2GB RAM) 5.0" 4G LTE, GSM Unlocked,1Year BLU Warranty-BLACK. 3 new & refurbished from $109.99. Blu R1 Plus (Unknown Carrier) Clean ESN. BLU R1 Plus - 4G LTE Unlocked Smartphone - 32GB + 3GB RAM -Black. BLU R1 Plus - 4G LTE Unlocked Smartphone - 32GB + 3GB RAM -Black. BLU R1 HD - 8 GB - Black Standard Version - Without Offers & Ads. BLU R1 Plus (Unknown Carrier) Clean ESN. BLU R1 HD Cell Phone 16GB - Black. BLU R1 HD Cell Phone 16GB - Black. 9 new & refurbished from $113.31. BLU R1 HD (16GB, 2GB RAM) 5.0" 4G LTE Dual Sim Android 6.0 UNLOCKED brand new. 3 new & refurbished from $109.99. BLU R1 HD Cell Phone 16GB - Black, GSM, Unlocked, Dual Sim, Android Smartphone. BLU R1 HD - 8 GB - Black - Prime Exclusive - with Lockscreen Offers & Ads. BLU R1 HD LTE Cell Phone 16GB - Black R0031uu. 9 new & refurbished from $113.31. BLU Bold - Unlocked for any carrierModel R1 HD, R003UU. BLU R1 HD (16GB, 2GB RAM) 5.0" 4G LTE Dual Sim Android 6.0 UNLOCKED R0031U BLACK. BLU R1 Plus R0071UU 32GB Unlocked GSM LTE Quad-Core Phone w/ 13MP Camera - Black. 3 new & refurbished from $109.95. BLU R1 Plus 16GB 4G LTE Unlocked GSM Smartphone - Black. 3 new & refurbished from $89.95. BLU R1 Plus 16GB 4G LTE Unlocked GSM Smartphone - Black. 3 new & refurbished from $89.95. Original Smartphone BLU R1 HD 8 GB Black Best Android 6 Unlocked Camera 5MP New. 5 new & refurbished from $79.95. r1 hd cell phone 16gb - black. BLU R1 Plus R0071UU 32GB Unlocked GSM LTE Quad-Core Phone w/ 13MP Camera - Black. Customs services and international tracking provided. Authorized Dealer, 30-Day Money Back Guaranteed. Customs services and international tracking provided. Authorized Dealer, 30-Day Money Back Guaranteed. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Authorized Dealer, 30-Day Money Back Guaranteed. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Authorized Dealer, 30-Day Money Back Guaranteed. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Authorized Dealer, 30-Day Money Back Guaranteed. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. eBay determines this price through a machine learned model of the product's sale prices within the last 90 days.. eBay determines trending price through a machine learned model of the product’s sale prices within the last 90 days. "New" refers to a brand-new, unused, unopened, undamaged item, and "Used" refers to an item that has been used previously.. Top Rated Plus Sellers with highest buyer ratings Returns, money back Ships in a business day with tracking Learn More. Top Rated Plus Sellers with highest buyer ratings Returns, money back Ships in a business day with tracking Learn More. $ Enter minimum price to $ Enter maximum price. Please enter a minimum and/or maximum price before continuing.. Site Map Copyright © 1995-2018 eBay Inc. Accessibility , User Agreement , Privacy , Cookies and AdChoice Norton Secured - powered by Verisign. Number of bids and bid amounts may be slightly out of date. See each listing for international shipping options and costs.. 
