Sony Xperia XZ2 and Xperia XZ2 Compact go live with new…. LG V30S ThinQ arrives with an AI-powered camera, more RAM and…. Alcatel 3 Series will be offered in three variants. ZTE USA debuts Tempo Go as first Android Go phone for…. HUAWEI announces a 5G endpoint for telecom carries and the MediaPad…. All Accessory Reviews App Reviews Hardware Reviews Smartphone Reviews. UHANS Max 2 review: A mega-phablet that won’t break the bank. Seven astrology apps for those who want to know what fate…. Blu Vivo X review: Can you get a flagship experience for…. Seven self-help and motivation apps to channel your inner peace. Tricks, tips, and tweaks: 10 things every Pixel 2 absolutely must…. Five Android Oreo features you can install on any Android phone. Five ways to beef up your Instagram privacy. Nine tips & tricks to master Google Keep. How to disable personalized ads on Android. Blu Vivo XL2 review- What does $150 get you in 2017?. 13MP main camera, 8MP front-facing camera. 4G LTE, (2/4/7/12/17), 4G HSPA+ (850/1700/1900/2100). No app drawer leads to a mess. American phone manufacturer Blu is back with another budget friendly device to entice those customers looking for a great unlocked option. The Vivo XL2 is the successor to the popular Vivo XL, which was released one year ago in January of 2016. This year Blu has given us an improved model that builds on the strengths of the Vivo XL and takes some chances with its software that will make users either love it or hate it.. There’s very little offensive about the Blu Vivo XL2. The front of the phone looks like pretty much every other device out there right now with small bezels and hardware keys. The hardware keys, however, are hard to pinpoint unless in optimal lighting conditions. I tend to think this is a design choice by Blu, rather than an accident. The keys blend in (silver logos on a gold body) and don’t shift the focus away from the screen. Blu went the opposite route as Samsung’s super bright and in your face hardware keys.. The bottom of the device houses a microphone and an off-center microUSB port. It’s been awhile since I’ve seen an offset USB port or a microUSB port so I was not expecting either on a phone released in 2017, but here we are. The left side of the device holds the SIM/microSD card hybrid slot. You can use either one SIM and a microSD card or two SIM cards at the same time. The right side of the device houses the power and volume rocker, and I must say the buttons are pleasingly responsive.. I really wish it didn’t need to be pointed out as a feature, but yes, Blu did include a 3.5mm headphone jack on the top of the device. Apple and Motorola have changed expectations for the mobile landscape by leaving out the headphone jack in their 2016 flagships and now I think we’ll see more companies following this worrying trend. Next to the headphone jack is an infrared blaster, which was a nice surprise.. My biggest gripe in the first few days of testing it out is the back of the phone. The slippery plastic rear cover doesn’t look or feel good. It’s a slippery fingerprint magnet that reminds me of phones released in 2013 or 2014. It will hold up well against drops and falls I’m sure, but Blu could have made another choice here while still keeping costs down.. The Vivo XL2 has a 5.5″ 720p display covered by Gorilla Glass 3. At a PPI (pixels-per-inch) of 267, it sits at the low end of recent smartphone releases, even budget devices like the Vivo XL2. Text can get a bit blurry if you’re zoomed in and very close to the device, but for every day viewing it’s fine. It’s by no means going against the best from Samsung or LG, but for a device being sold at a quarter of the price of those devices, you’re going to have to make some sacrifices.. I’m not overly impressed with the peak brightness. Indoors you’re probably fine, but once you step out into a sunny. partly sunny day, you’re going to be in trouble. In addition to the low max brightness, the display tends to shift towards a red temperature which is pretty unique, but entirely unwelcome. Whites and blues feel… off while reds, oranges, and yellows feel overexposed. Fortunately, if you care about color shifting, the display doesn’t shift too much when viewed at an angle.. Must like the rest of the device, the display isn’t offensive. It wouldn’t force me to buy another device, but it’s not stunning to look at either. The low resolution of the display will keep battery life reasonable and if you’re just looking at YouTube videos and pictures on social media, the coloring shouldn’t bother you too much.. Blu has made some interesting design choices with the Vivo XL2. While most of the stock Android apps remain and are the defaults (the exception being Opera instead of Chrome), we see some heavy changes in places like the lockscreen.. There are a ton of quick toggles on the left side of the lockscreen that slide out to quickly enter you into things like clickbait articles, a search bar, top stories, a media player, RSS feed, quick settings (like WiFi, audio settings, Bluetooth, a Selfie mode, and flashlight), weather, lockscreen games, and live wallpapers. The slide to unlock button can also be slide one of four ways to open up mail, camera, favorite apps, or go directly to the home screen.. The lockscreen isn’t an unwelcome choice, but it is a far departure from what you’d normally expect from an Android device. The settings app, however, is what you’d expect to see on most devices – but with a fresh coat of paint. Your list of settings are all here and in the places you’d expect. Scrolling through the list setting up the settings on the phone was a comfortable experience.. The Vivo XL2 ships with a “Carefree” launcher that is heavily customized from stock Android. Even core features like quick toggles are different- they’re brought up from a swipe up from the bottom of the display instead of living in the notification panel. The notification panel only houses notifications with no real customization.. One major feature that is noticeably absent is the app drawer on the Carefree launcher. A quick download of Nova or a launcher of your choice quickly fixes that. in 2017, removing the app drawer is a really dumb idea. I can see what Blu tried to do with its software here. Customizing it to what it believes the younger crowd will want isn’t entirely silly, but I believe that a better strategy would have been to stick with Stock Android and provide a low-cost alternative to the expensive Pixel devices. Nothing Blu did in the software is too much of a selling feature and I feel like it could have put its resources in better areas.. The Blu Vivo XL2 features a 13MP main camera and an 8MP front-facing camera. phase detection autofocus but I found that it didn’t seem to matter much.. Action shots routinely came out blurry and the action was generally missed by a slower-than-optimal shutter when using HDR mode. The HDR mode was almost a must as pictures regularly came out under exposed in low-light situations. Decently lit scenes led to shots suitable for social media uploading, but not much else.. The main camera is fine for a phone at this price point, but more expensive phones have. Blu has done a lot right here. The Vivo XL2’s solid body and small bezels will blend into the crowd of much more expensive phones. The battery cover on the back of the phone was my most disliked part of the physical design, but honestly, it’s fine. I don’t love it, but it keeps costs down enough for Blu to offer this at a pretty competitive price and it should stand up fine to falls.. We say it all the time, but cheap phones are getting better every day. The Vivo XL2 is another excellent example of that. The phone is more than the sum of its parts because it brings together some good ideas. I’m not in love with the software, but I can see how some would be. It offers some smart ideas that aren’t for me, but increase the functionality of the phone.. The launcher, in my opinion, is a big gamble. It’s the most used part of the software and Blu made some big changes from other phones it has released in recent years. I may sound a bit like a broken record, but I do believe Stock Android offers the simplicity and functionality that should be the standard on phones. Now, don’t get me wrong- I do like some launchers that ship on phones from other OEMs (OnePlus, Samsung, and Sony notably), but I just don’t know if this is the way Blu should go in the future.. The camera is good enough for your everyday Facebook and Instagram pictures, but it’s otherwise a bit of a disappointment. I thought we had come further with camera technology than to have such a disappointing experience in 2017 with a smartphone camera, but maybe Blu can fix it with an update down the road. The camera app that ships with the device is perfectly fine, it’s just the results from the processing of those pictures that leaves a little to be desired.. If you have a kid looking for their first smartphone, a parent looking to upgrade from a flip phone, or you just want a backup then I think this phone is a great choice. It won’t replace anyone’s daily driver if they’ve already had a smartphone, but it’s a great starter phone.. You can grab the Blu Vivo XL2 on Amazon for $149.99 however, when the device launches on January 25th, Blu will knock $50 off, bringing the price to just $99.99 from 11 AM until 5 PM.. TAGS blu budget phone cheap smartphone vio vivo xl 2. Previous article Samsung Galaxy S8 cases video leak compares them to the Galaxy S7, Note7. Next article Be very careful which VPN app you choose. Matt is an avid sports and technology fan and Managing Editor for AndroidGuys.com. You can get in touch with him by email at [email. UHANS Max 2 review: A mega-phablet that won’t break the bank. Blu Vivo X review: Can you get a flagship experience for under $250?. ASUS, Project Tango, and what could have been (ASUS ZenFone AR Review). Please put photo examples from the camera in next review!. Tricks, tips, and tweaks: 10 things every Pixel 2 absolutely must.... The Pixel 2 is one of the best phones you can buy today. Not just for the hardware, but because of the incredible amount of power in Android 8.0 Oreo. Let us help you customize the experience to your exact liking!. Sony Xperia XZ2 and Xperia XZ2 Compact go live with new.... Sony launches a new pair of flagships with refined design, 18:9 aspect ratio and the powerful Snapdragon 845 processor under the hood.. LG V30S ThinQ arrives with an AI-powered camera, more RAM and.... Alcatel 3 Series will be offered in three variants. Tricks, tips, and tweaks: 10 things every Pixel 2 absolutely must know. Five Android Oreo features you can install on any Android phone. Follow us on Instagram @androidguys. Stop missing deadlines and grab a lifetime license of Aeon Timeline.... Isn't it time you start acting responsibly? Pick up a lifetime license to Aeon Timeline 2 and you'll be better organized and ready to hit deadlines and goals in a timely manner. Save 60% through our store today!. Charge up your phone with a sophisticated looking marble wireless Qi.... Seven astrology apps for those who want to know what fate.... Pay as little as you want to learn Python with our.... Pick up a lifetime 2TB Zoolz cloud storage plan for $50. Tricks, tips, and tweaks: 10 things every Pixel 2 absolutely must know. Five Android Oreo features you can install on any Android phone. Five ways to beef up your Instagram privacy. Now in our tenth year, AndroidGuys loves to provide readers with the latest news and rumors as well as reviews, opinion pieces, and tools to get more from your Android.. 
GSM 850 / 900 / 1800 / 1900 - SIM 1 & SIM 2. HSDPA 850 / 1700(AWS) / 1900 / 2100. HSDPA 900 / 1900 / 2100. LTE band 2(1900), 4(1700/2100), 7(2600), 12(700), 17(700) - V0070UU. LTE band 1(2100), 3(1800), 7(2600), 8(900), 20(800), 38(2600), 39(1900), 40(2300), 41(2500) - V0070EE. HSPA 42.2/11.5 Mbps, LTE Cat4 150/50 Mbps. 154 x 76.6 x 9.2 mm (6.06 x 3.02 x 0.36 in). IPS LCD capacitive touchscreen, 16M colors. 5.5 inches, 83.4 cm 2 (~70.7% screen-to-body ratio). 720 x 1280 pixels, 16:9 ratio (~267 ppi density). 13 MP, phase detection autofocus, LED flash. Geo-tagging, touch focus, face detection, panorama, HDR. Wi-Fi 802.11 b/g/n, Wi-Fi Direct, hotspot. SMS(threaded view), MMS, Email, Push Email, IM. Up to 750 h (2G) / Up to 650 h (3G). Up to 29 h (2G) / Up to 19 h (3G). We can not guarantee that the information on this page is 100% correct. BLU Vivo XL2 - user opinions and reviews. I was having problems with my XL2 going to home screen and was about to trash the thing but I upgraded to Android 7.0 from 6.0 and no problems since. I hope this works for you.. I have the same problem and I live in Asia. Do you know what should we do?. It is happening the same to mine. I have followed all instructions for Hard Reset already and nothing changed. Blu is asking me to send it to Miami for repair at my own cost (even though it is under warranty, I just bought it 8 months ago) and they a.... Samsung Apple Nokia Sony LG HTC Motorola Huawei Microsoft Lenovo Xiaomi Google Acer Asus Oppo OnePlus Meizu BlackBerry Alcatel ZTE Toshiba Vodafone Energizer XOLO Lava Micromax BLU Gionee vivo LeEco Panasonic HP YU verykool Maxwest Plum. BLU Vivo 5R BLU Studio XL2 BLU Vivo 8 BLU R2 LTE BLU Vivo XL BLU Life One X3. BLU Vivo X BLU Vivo 8 BLU Vivo One BLU Vivo XL BLU Vivo 5 BLU Life One X3. 
Select the department you want to search in. Sign in Account & Lists Sign in Account & Lists Orders Try Prime Cart. Your Amazon.com Today's Deals Gift Cards Registry Sell Help Disability Customer Support. Cell Phones & Accessories Carrier Phones Unlocked Phones Prime Exclusive Phones Accessories Cases Wearable Technology Best Sellers Deals Trade-In All Electronics. has been added to your Cart. Add a Carrier SIM Card for Service Activation:. T-Mobile SIM Starter Kit with Adapter. Cricket BYOD 2.0 Wireless 3-in-1 SIM Card Kit - Pr... 1-Click ordering is not available for this item.. Please enter a valid US zip code.. Please enter a valid US zip code.. Shipping to a APO/FPO/DPO? Please add the address to your address book. Make sure you include the unit and box numbers (if assigned).. Comment: Item will come in original packaging. Fulfillment by Amazon (FBA) is a service we offer sellers that lets them store their products in Amazon's fulfillment centers, and we directly pack, ship, and provide customer service for these products. Something we hope you'll especially enjoy: FBA items qualify for FREE Shipping and Amazon Prime.. If you're a seller, Fulfillment by Amazon can help you increase your sales. learn more about Fulfillment by Amazon. 1-Click ordering is not available for this item.. & FREE Shipping on eligible orders. & FREE Shipping on eligible orders. 1-Year Unlocked Cell Phone Accidental Protection Plan. Coverage for drops, spills and product malfunctions. Free shipping on all repairs with $25 deductible. Cancel anytime, full refund in the first 30 days. SquareTrade Protection Plans are only valid for new products purchased at Amazon within the last 30 days. BLU VIVO XL2 - 5.5" 4G LTE GSM Unlocked Smartphone - 32GB+3GB RAM -Gold. This item at this price, sold by Amazon.com, is currently reserved exclusively for Prime members. Prime free trial and invitee customers: We will automatically apply an Amazon.com Gift Card to your Gift Card Balance in the amount equal to the Prime exclusive discount after you become a paid Prime member. If you cancel your paid Prime membership or return the qualifying smartphone within the first 3 months of your paid Prime membership, we may void your Gift Card or charge you in the amount of the Gift Card. Terms and Conditions apply.. Ships from and sold by Amazon.com.. Aesthetically engraved Micro pattern followed by electrolyzed paint particle to achieved a metallic sunburst effect, captivating 5.5”HD display with IPS technology + Corning Gorilla glass 3. 13MP Autofocus Main Camera with flash + 8MP front Camera; built in 3,150Mah battery quick charge, get 100% battery in a lighting speed of 2.5 hours.. 32GB Internal memory 3GB RAM Micro SD up to 64GB, MediaTek 1.4GHz Quad core processor with GPU Mali-T720. 4G LTE, (2/4/7/12/17), 4G HSPA+ (850/1700/1900/2100). GSM Quad band: US compatibility Nationwide on all GSM Networks including AT&T, T-Mobile, Cricket, MetroPCS, Straight Talk, and others. Purchase any qualifying 2017 BLU Smartphone for your chance to win a trip of a lifetime! See below for more details. These items are shipped from and sold by different sellers. This item: BLU VIVO XL2 - 5.5" 4G LTE GSM Unlocked Smartphone - 32GB+3GB RAM -Gold $148.99. Ships from and sold by Amazon.com.. [Pack of 2] BLU VIVO XL2 Maximum Protection Screen Protector, Gzerma Shatter-Proof Easy Installation… $6.99. Sold by Gzerma and ships from Amazon Fulfillment.. FREE Shipping on orders over $25. IVSO BLU Vivo XL 2 Case - [View Window] [Stand View] [Full Range Protection] Ultra-thin Super Magic… $9.90. Sold by Vostrostone US and ships from Amazon Fulfillment.. FREE Shipping on orders over $25. This shopping feature will continue to load items. In order to navigate out of this carousel please use your heading shortcut key to navigate to the next or previous heading.. Customers who viewed this item also viewed. Page 1 of 1 Start over Page 1 of 1. BLU LIFE ONE X2 - 4G LTE Unlocked Smartphone -64GB+4GB RAM -Rose Gold. BLU Studio XL 2 - 6.0" 4G LTE GSM Unlocked Smartphone - 4,900mAh Battery -Gold. BLU VIVO 5 Smartphone -5.5" 4G LTE GSM Unlocked - 32GB +3GB RAM - Gold. BLU VIVO 5R Refresh Smartphone - 5.5-Inch Display 4G LTE GSM Unlocked, GOLD. BLU VIVO 5 Smartphone -5.5" 4G LTE GSM Unlocked - 32GB +3GB RAM - Silver. IVSO BLU Vivo XL 2 Case - [View Window] [Stand View] [Full Range Protection] Ultra-thin Super Magic Folio Stand Case for BLU Vivo XL 2 / BLU Vivo XL2 Phone(Gold). This shopping feature will continue to load items. In order to navigate out of this carousel please use your heading shortcut key to navigate to the next or previous heading.. Customers who bought this item also bought. Page 1 of 1 Start over Page 1 of 1. [Pack of 2] BLU VIVO XL2 Maximum Protection Screen Protector, Gzerma Shatter-Proof Easy Installation Bubble Free Protective Film for BLU VIVO XL2 5.5" Smartphone. IVSO BLU Vivo XL 2 Case - [View Window] [Stand View] [Full Range Protection] Ultra-thin Super Magic Folio Stand Case for BLU Vivo XL 2 / BLU Vivo XL2 Phone(Gold). BLU Vivo XL2 case,SLMY(TM)[Shock Absorption] Drop Protection Hybrid Dual Layer Armor Protective Case Cover for BLU Vivo XL2-Rose Gold. Blu Vivo XL2 V0070UU Cellphone Case, Tough Hybrid Armor Shockproof Dual Layer Drop Protection Case Cover Case (VGC Gold). BLU Vivo XL2 case,SLMY(TM)[Shock Absorption] Drop Protection Hybrid Dual Layer Armor Protective Case Cover for BLU Vivo XL2-Black. [2-Pack] Supershieldz for BLU VIVO XL2 / XL 2 Tempered Glass Screen Protector, (0.3mm) Anti-Scratch, Anti-Fingerprint, Bubble Free, Lifetime Replacement Warranty. Find answers in product info, Q&As, reviews. Please make sure that you are posting in the form of a question.. Don't see what you're looking for?. There was a problem completing your request. Please try your search again later.. Engraved micro pattern onto the battery cover followed by electrolyzed paint particle to achieve a metallic sunburst effect that is both eye catching and aesthetically pleasing. The curved glass display compliments the already premium finished smartphone. Captivating 5.5” HD display with BLU Infinite View (IPS) display will provide an impressive view from any angle.. Incorporating the highest-grade material curved glass touch panel with color match finish ensures excellent feedback and feel, as well as a gorgeous look.. Corning Gorilla Glass 3 provides Native Damage Resistance protection, which offers an extra layer of armor to protect it from scratches and cracks.. With its large built-in 3,150 mAh battery, the Vivo XL2 can handle all the tasks that you throw at it daily. With state of the art hardware and software, the battery will last you up to 30% more than the Vivo XL. Also, there is Quick Charge capability that will fully charge the battery in a lightning speed of 2.5 hours.. With its MediaTek 6737T chipset and 1.5GHz Quad Core processor, watch all your favorite fast paced movies and never miss a beat with the lightning fast Mali-T720 GPU.. BLU Valencia CF VIP Experience Global Giveaway. Purchase any 2017 BLU Smartphone for your chance to win a trip of a lifetime!. Three grand prize winners and a guest each gets an all-expense paid trip to Valencia, Spain for 5 days. You and your guest will also get to attend the Valencia CF vs Real Madrid game while enjoying the match from BLU’s VIP BOX plus a meet & greet with Valencia players in Mestalla Stadium on January 28th 2018!. Camera performance has been perfected with several software enhancements and features including HDF, Mood Photo, Panorama, Smart Scene and more. A 13MP main camera with f2.0 Aperture, 4P lens and phase Detection Auto Focus (PDAF) that captures focus in three tenth of a second. In the front is a 8MP wide-angle camera, for quality selfie experience, and software features such as Face Beautification. Record life’s most important moments at 1080p HD video resolution.. 0.3 x 6.1 x 3 in. 0.2 x 6.1 x 2.9 in. 0.4 x 6 x 3 in. 0.3 x 6.4 x 3.2 in. 0.3 x 5.9 x 2.9 in. 0.2 x 6 x 2.9 in. BLU VIVO XL2 - 5.5" 4G LTE GSM Unlocked Smartphone - 32GB+3GB RAM -Gold. BLU LIFE ONE X2 - 4G LTE Unlocked Smartphone -64GB+4GB RAM -Rose Gold. BLU R2 PLUS – 4G LTE 5.5” Full HD Unlocked Smartphone – 32GB + 3GB RAM -Black. BLU Studio XL 2 - 6.0" 4G LTE GSM Unlocked Smartphone - 4,900mAh Battery -Gold. BLU VIVO 5R Refresh Smartphone - 5.5-Inch Display 4G LTE GSM Unlocked, GOLD. BLU PURE XR Smartphone - 4G LTE GSM Unlocked - 64GB +4GB RAM - Gold. The vivo XL 2 features a stunning design and State of the art tooling technology which engraves a micro pattern onto the battery Cover, Followed by electrolyzed paint particle to achieve a metallic Sunburst effect that is both Eye catching and aesthetically pleasing to the user. The beautiful crafted curved glass display compliments the already premium finished smartphone. 6.1 x 0.3 x 3 inches. 1 pounds ( View shipping rates and policies ). #10,861 in Cell Phones & Accessories ( See Top 100 in Cell Phones & Accessories ). #184 in Cell Phones & Accessories > Unlocked Cell Phones. Product Warranty: For warranty information about this product, please. If you are a seller for this product, would you like to suggest updates through seller support ?. Would you like to tell us about a lower price ?. 5 star 45% 4 star 15% 3 star 11% 2 star 9% 1 star 20%. Share your thoughts with other customers. There was a problem filtering reviews right now. 5.0 out of 5 stars ABOUT FREAKING TIME!!!! UPDATED POST!!. Over the years, I've tried maybe 6 Blu phones. All of them looked amazing, but we laggy to the point it drove me nuts and if take them back. I just got the Vivo XL2 and I'm absolutely happy with this phone. It's freaking stylish as usual, but it has tons of bells and whistles like a more expensive phone, and so far it works amazingly well. I can't believe how nice this phone is for the price. And ignore the 64 gig SD card limitation. It took my 128 gig no problem at all. LOVE MY NEW PHONE!!! If Blu keeps this up, I'll keep buying Blu. I've had it for a week now and I still love it. I failed to mention that this has quick charge, and comes with a case and arrives with a screen protector on the phone, with no bubbles or junk under the film. It also comes with an extra screen protector. I can't say how much I love this phone for the price paid. Was this review helpful to you?. 5.0 out of 5 stars Open Honest Review. People love to get a new phone and, while riding that new tech high, get on Amazon and shout "BEST PHONE EVER" when obviously it's not. Here is my open honest list view of the Pros and Cons of this phone. Pros: Price: Even at the suggested retail of 149 usd, this phone out performs the price tag Build quality: Built like a 700 usd flagship device. Manages to look both beautiful & professional Call quality : Perfect, which means it does what a phone is supposed to do Screen: at 720p its NOT as nice as an iPhone or Pixel, but it does look amazing on the 5.5 inch screen Antenna: Most forgotten feature of reviews... This phone has service in the basement of the hospital I work at, on both on Tmobile AND AT&T. Having duel Sims, I decided to put in both my personal and work sim cards in the phone. The Sony Xperia M5 Ultra I had before this got zero service for most parts of the basement. This Vivo XL2 has at least 2 bars of 4g lte service through out the entire basement. Same sim cards, same Radio bands supported, and yet only this phone gets signal. Sound: loud and crisp, even with a back firing speaker. I'd prefer a front facing speaker, but oh well. Camera, both front and back: Great cameras for 149 usd.... So comparing the pictures to your iPhone or Galaxy s6 or Pixel pictures your gonna be disappointed most of the time. However, snap a pic in good lighting, share it to Facebook or Instagram, and you would be surprised how nice they look. Battery: true 5 and 1/2 hours of screen-on time which is absolutely amazing. However, though they claim its quick charging, it's really not. 2 hours to fully charge from 25% isn't standard quick charge, it's actually "not slow" charging at best.. Not many phones have it anymore, but it's nice to be able to mess with the TVs at the hospital. It's entertaining changing the channel from Fox News to MSNBC, or vice versa, just to watch the brainwashed receptionists mind explode when someone actually disagrees with their world view. CONS: Skin/software: Though its running Android 6.01 you'd be hard pressed to notice. The skin Blu decided to use makes it look and feel like a bunch of 16 year old kids tweaked it to something they thought looked "cool". Easy fix, use Nova or Google Now launcher and all is forgiven. Can't use duel sim and a MicroSD card at the same time. Though the memory and ram upgrade (32gbs and 3gbs respectively) are more than enough for me, adding a 64 gb card will mean only using one sim card. As one slot is for a card or a sim.... It's not just this phone, but this is the one Im reviewing. Can't use a lot of the new instant pay service without one. Though at the 119 usd I paid for it, I can't complain to much. It's basically a phone on par with most flagship devices at a 1/4 of the price. I always buy unlocked carrier free versions of the phones I use as my daily driver. The Vivo XL2 is without a doubt the best value I have ever gotten in a cell phone. Is it the best phone ever?? Of course not. Even Blu themselves sell better all around devices. HOWEVER, the XL2 may indeed be the best 149 dollar smart phone available as of March 2017.. Was this review helpful to you?. 1.0 out of 5 stars Update - don't waste your money! A pretty solid four stars. Update seven months in: I've had to go from four stars to just one. The phone worked well for about six months, though the shiny slippery back is very annoying. But for the last month the phone has been almost unusable, and today it's become basically a brick. People who call me say they get busy signals. It will be normal, and then suddenly the app I'm using closes and the screen quickly flips through all the pages and then freezes on the add widget page. This happens when I'm just sitting there reading a Kindle book, typing a reply to a text, or browsing the web. The phone will also suddenly refuse to accept input on the touch screen, or will shut down the keyboard when I'm typing. I'll get a text, try to answer it, and the phone will shut down. It's like it's gone insane or something. I've tried everything, factory reset, all the updates, and even tried to get help from BLU. All of my attempts to contact them were ignored. Now I have to go out and try yet again to buy another phone! I've had it with BLU and no longer recommend it. I expect to get more than six months out of a phone!!! In the box : phone, charger, wall adapter, headphones, screen protector, and silicone case. Phone also had a screen protector already installed. This is my third BLU phone. I'm disappointed that this one has a sealed battery, and if you do need two SIM cards, you can't use a SD card. There are only two slots, instead of three. The fancy back that they make sound so awesome is anything but; it's not even really blue or shiny except in the brightest sunlight, and the surface is so slippery that the phone is hard to hold on to, and takes every opportunity to slide off the arm of the chair, the desktop, the nightstand, the dashboard, or anywhere else you might want to set it down. It also has a few more quirks than my other BLUs and was a little cranky over getting my favorite apps customized. As much as the phone is an obvious attempt at an iphone clone, it doesn't seem to have as good an antenna as the iphone. Meetings in an interior room in a large building mean I have no signal but I can hear coworkers phones getting texts. That's not a huge deal for me as those meetings are only once a month and otherwise the signal is pretty reliable, and I didn't pay anywhere near $600 for the name brand. On the plus side, it does have plenty of onboard memory and readily connected with my net10 SIM card. Apps work quickly, music sounds pretty good, and calls are clear. Just make sure you order a nice case when you order the phone, otherwise you'll be dropping the phone all the time, and the case that comes with it is an ugly whitish color that is just repulsive. A cautionary tale: My first BLU phone was the Life XL and I was very happy with it, all the utility of a $600 samsung or apple product at a fraction of the price. Easy to set up and worked very well with my net10 account. I"d still be using it if I hadn't dropped it on cement and made the display go all wonky. The phone still worked just fine, but the screen was too blurry to live with. So I ordered an identical Life XL. Unfortunately that one came loaded with spyware. I filed a complaint with the seller, tojostore, but they refused to respond until I left bad feedback. Then they quickly refunded my money without even asking for the phone back, so they know they were guilty. Lesson learned, always buy just from Amazon, and immediately run a malware checker before putting any contacts or other personal information on the phone!. Was this review helpful to you?. 1.0 out of 5 stars Spyware still. Come on Blu get it together!. Still has a security issue,waiting on Blu to respond 3 different malware detection apps,found stuff. Update: sent Blu screenshots of the all the stuff my spyware detection apps found stilllllll waiting for a response. (Update) 3-17-17 received email back from Blu they said their working on a update to fix the data breach, they better, this app Data ghost or data clone has super user permissions and can do whatever the heck it wants. I'm done with Blu forever This BS app even tryed to hide what it's doing. Was this review helpful to you?. 5.0 out of 5 stars Five Stars. It worked fine for a few months and after that the touch screen started to do whatever it wanted. 1.0 out of 5 stars Big touchscreen and bluetooth issues. 4.0 out of 5 stars Four Stars. Decent phone for on the cheap side, but after 3 months, the phone has a glitch, turns itself off, shuts down whatever you're doing on it, I can't send it back due to it being... 3.0 out of 5 stars Decent phone for on the cheap side, but after .... 4.0 out of 5 stars Four Stars. 5.0 out of 5 stars Five Stars. Love this phone which is exactly like a Samsung right down to the toughness of the case, gorilla glass and inner software. 5.0 out of 5 stars A Great Smartphone!!. It didn't hold up at all. I had problems getting it to charge for a while and now it won't charge or turn on, I bought a new charger and still not able to charge the phone. 1.0 out of 5 stars Phone will not charge. This phone started acting up in less of a month of purchase.. almost immediately the volume started to mess up. It was on the highest volume and I could not hear anything.. 1.0 out of 5 stars Almost immediately stopped functioning properly. 5.0 out of 5 stars Five Stars. Amazon Giveaway allows you to run promotional giveaways in order to create buzz, reward your audience, and attract new followers and customers. This item: BLU VIVO XL2 - 5.5" 4G LTE GSM Unlocked Smartphone - 32GB+3GB RAM -Gold. This shopping feature will continue to load items. In order to navigate out of this carousel please use your heading shortcut key to navigate to the next or previous heading.. Page 1 of 1 Start over Page 1 of 1. BLU Life One X3 – 4G LTE Unlocked Smartphone with 5,000mAh Monster Battery -Black. BLU LIFE ONE X2 - 4G LTE Unlocked Smartphone -64GB+4GB RAM -Rose Gold. BLU VIVO 8L - 5.3" 4G LTE Smartphone -32GB + 3GB RAM –Black. BLU Studio Selfie 3 -GSM Unlocked Smartphone -Gold. BLU Life Max - 5.5" 4G LTE GSM Unlocked - 16GB+2GB RAM w/ Fingerprint Sensor, 3700 mAh Battery -Blue. BLU Advance 4.0 L3 -Unlocked Dual Sim Smartphone -Grey. See and discover other items: iphone 4 pattern , vivo phones , google cell phone , 4g mobile , micro sim , cricket wireless. There's a problem loading this menu right now.. Get fast, free shipping with Amazon Prime. Prime members enjoy FREE Two-Day Shipping and exclusive access to music, movies, TV shows, original audio series, and Kindle books.. Careers About Amazon Investor Relations Amazon Devices. Sell on Amazon Sell Your Services on Amazon Sell on Amazon Business Sell Your Apps on Amazon Become an Affiliate Advertise Your Products Self-Publish with Us › See all. Amazon Rewards Visa Signature Cards Amazon.com Store Card Amazon.com Corporate Credit Line Shop with Points Credit Card Marketplace Reload Your Balance Amazon Currency Converter. Your Account Your Orders Shipping Rates & Policies Amazon Prime Returns & Replacements Manage Your Content and Devices Amazon Assistant Help. Amazon Music Stream millions of songs. Amazon Drive Cloud storage from Amazon. 6pm Score deals on fashion brands. AbeBooks Books, art & collectibles. ACX Audiobook Publishing Made Easy. Alexa Actionable Analytics for the Web. Amazon Business Everything For Your Business. AmazonFresh Groceries & More Right To Your Door. AmazonGlobal Ship Orders Internationally. Home Services Handpicked Pros Happiness Guarantee. Amazon Inspire Digital Educational Resources. Amazon Rapids Fun stories for kids on the go. Amazon Restaurants Food delivery from local restaurants. Amazon Video Direct Video Distribution Made Easy. Amazon Web Services Scalable Cloud Computing Services. Audible Download Audio Books. AudiobookStand Discount Audiobooks on Disc. Book Depository Books With Free Delivery Worldwide. Box Office Mojo Find Movie Box Office Data. ComiXology Thousands of Digital Comics. CreateSpace Indie Print Publishing Made Easy. DPReview Digital Photography. East Dane Designer Men's Fashion. Fabric Sewing, Quilting & Knitting. Goodreads Book reviews & recommendations. IMDb Movies, TV & Celebrities. IMDbPro Get Info Entertainment Professionals Need. Junglee.com Shop Online in India. Kindle Direct Publishing Indie Digital Publishing Made Easy. Prime Now FREE 2-Hour Delivery on Everyday Items. Prime Photos Unlimited Photo Storage Free With Prime. Shopbop Designer Fashion Brands. TenMarks.com Math Activities for Kids & Schools. Warehouse Deals Open-Box Discounts. Whole Foods Market America’s Healthiest Grocery Store. Withoutabox Submit to Film Festivals. Woot! Deals and Shenanigans. Zappos Shoes & Clothing. Souq.com Shop Online in the Middle East. Subscribe with Amazon Discover & try subscription services. Conditions of Use Privacy Notice Interest-Based Ads © 1996-2018, Amazon.com, Inc. 
Hi ( Sign in to bid or buy) Daily Deals Gift Cards Help & Contact Sell. Summary Recently Viewed Bids/Offers Watch List Purchase History Selling Saved Searches Saved Sellers Messages. eBay > Cell Phones & Accessories > Cell Phones & Smartphones. blu Vivo Xl2 - 5.5" 4g LTE GSM Unlocked Smartphone Gold for Parts Only. 4.7 average based on 6 product ratings. Get it by Mon, Mar 5 - Wed, Mar 14 from Jamaica, New York • New condition • Returns accepted - 30 days money back • Almost gone. 32GB Internal memory 3GB RAM Micro SD up to 64GB. Dual SIM Unlocked Android GSM Smartphone. World Wide compatible with most GSM Carriers that use SIM Cards. Factory Unlocked - can be used worldwide with most GSM carriers .. ( 22355 ) 99.1% Positive feedback. item 1 BLU VIVO XL 2 4G LTE (32GB) 5.5" 3GB RAM Android Dual SIM GSM Unlocked V0070U - BLU VIVO XL 2 4G LTE (32GB) 5.5" 3GB RAM Android Dual SIM GSM Unlocked V0070U. item 2 BLU Vivo XL2 5.5" 4G LTE GSM Unlocked Smartphone with 32GB+3GB RAM - BLU Vivo XL2 5.5" 4G LTE GSM Unlocked Smartphone with 32GB+3GB RAM. item 3 BLU VIVO XL2 - 5.5" 4G LTE GSM Unlocked Smartphone - 32GB+3GB RAM -Gold - BLU VIVO XL2 - 5.5" 4G LTE GSM Unlocked Smartphone - 32GB+3GB RAM -Gold. item 4 BLU VIVO XL 2 4G LTE (32GB) 5.5" 3GB RAM Android Dual SIM GSM Unlocked V0070UU - BLU VIVO XL 2 4G LTE (32GB) 5.5" 3GB RAM Android Dual SIM GSM Unlocked V0070UU. 3G Data Capable, Dual SIM, Bluetooth Enabled, Global Ready, 4G Data Capable, Touchscreen, Internet Browser, Music Player, Speakerphone, Accelerometer, Wi-Fi Capable, Fingerprint Sensor, QWERTY Keyboard, Front Camera, Geotagging, GPS, network unlocked, Network Unlocked,Global Ready,Touchscreen,Speakerphone, Network Unlocked,3G Data Capable,5G Data Capable,Global Ready, 3GB RAM - microSD Up to 64GB WLAN: Wi-Fi 8, 720 x 1280 pixel resolution (~267ppi pixel denisty, 5.5-inch IPS LCD Capacitive Touchscreen, Face Detection, Geo-tagging, HDR + 8 Megapixel Front Camera; Video Capture: 108, LED Flash, Panorama, Touch Focus, USB Host , Wi-Fi Direct, f/2.0 aperture, hotspot; Bluetooth: v4.0; GPS: Yes, with A-GPS; Radio: FM Radio; USB: microUSB v2.0, 8MP Frontal Camera, 3 g. by baxelsson Sep 13, 2017. The phone does everything I need from a phone...... Verified purchase: Yes | Condition: Pre-owned. by mauidawn1 Jun 24, 2017. Good deal my wife loves it😀. Verified purchase: Yes | Condition: Pre-owned. Current slide {CURRENT_SLIDE} of {TOTAL_SLIDES}- Explore Buying Guides. What's the Difference Between GSM and CDMA Cell Phones?. How to Choose a Touch Watch to Pair With Your Smartphone. How to Buy a Used Samsung S4 on eBay. The Pros and Cons of the Samsung Galaxy S5. 5 Tips for Buying an HTC Desire. How to Unlock the iPhone 4. Best Selling in Cell Phones & Smartphones. Trending price is based on prices over last 90 days.. Current slide {CURRENT_SLIDE} of {TOTAL_SLIDES}- Best Selling in Cell Phones & Smartphones. Samsung Galaxy S7 SM-G930 - 32GB - Black Onyx (Verizon) Smartphone. $306.99 New $99.95 Used. Samsung Galaxy S7 SM-G930 - 32GB - Gold Platinum (Verizon) Smartphone. $299.99 New $139.99 Used. Samsung Galaxy S8 SM-G950U - 64GB - Midnight Black (Unlocked) Smartphone. $569.00 New $389.99 Used. Samsung Galaxy S6 SM-G920V - 32GB - White Pearl (Verizon) Smartphone. $199.99 New $104.99 Used. Samsung Galaxy S5 SM-G900A - 16GB - Charcoal Black (AT&T) Smartphone. $139.99 New $71.95 Used. Samsung Galaxy S5 SM-G900A - 16GB - Shimmery White (AT&T) Smartphone. $129.99 New $60.00 Used. Samsung Galaxy S8+ SM-G955 - 64GB - Midnight Black (Unlocked) Smartphone. $606.15 New $340.00 Used. Save on Cell Phones & Smartphones. Trending price is based on prices over last 90 days.. Current slide {CURRENT_SLIDE} of {TOTAL_SLIDES}- Save on Cell Phones & Smartphones. Samsung Galaxy S7 G930V 4G LTE 32GB 4RAM 5.1" HD 12MP Android Unlocked Phone NEW. New Samsung Galaxy S7 SM-G930 - 32GB - Gold Platinum (Verizon) Smartphone. Samsung Galaxy S6 SM-G920V - 32GB - White Pearl (Verizon) Smartphone Unlocked. "NEW" Samsung Galaxy S5 SM-G900A AT&T Unlocked 16GB Phone Shadow - all Colors. Inbox New Samsung Galaxy S5 SM-G900A - 16GB Shimmery White - AT&T - GSM Unlocked. Samsung Galaxy S8 Unlocked 64GB - US Version (Midnight Black) - US Warranty. Current slide {CURRENT_SLIDE} of {TOTAL_SLIDES}- You may also like. Unlocked BLU Vivo 5 Bar Cell Phones & Smartphones. Unlocked Craft BLU Vivo 5 Cell Phones & Smartphones. Android BLU Vivo 5 Unlocked Cell Phones & Smartphones. Cell Phone & Smartphone Parts for BLU Vivo 5. Unlocked 32GB BLU Vivo 5 Cell Phones & Smartphones. iPhone 5 A1428 (GSM Only) Unlocked Cell Phones & Smartphones. This item doesn't belong on this page.. Site Map Copyright © 1995-2018 eBay Inc. Accessibility , User Agreement , Privacy , Cookies and AdChoice Norton Secured - powered by Verisign. 
more ... more .... more ... more .... MEMORY: 32 GB + MicroSD. View all photos (6). Low pixel density screen (267 ppi). The Vivo XL2 sports a 5.5-inch 720p display and has a micro pattern on the back - creating "a metallic sunburst effect." Powered by a quad-core MediaTek processor, the phone further offers DTS surround sound, 3 GB of RAM, 32 GB of expandable storage space, and a 3150 mAh battery. There's a 13 MP camera on the back of the new Vivo, plus an 8 MP selfie camera on the front.. Dimensions: 6.08 x 3.02 x 0.36 inches (154.4 x 76.6 x 9.2 mm). Weight: 6.17 oz (175 g) the average is 5.6 oz (159 g). Resolution: 720 x 1280 pixels. Features: Scratch-resistant glass (Corning Gorilla Glass 3), Ambient light sensor, Proximity sensor. Pixel density - The pixel density of a display represents the number of pixels over an area of one inch. It’s measured in “pixels per inch”, or ppi. The higher the number, the more detailed and good-looking the display is.. Technology - There are two main screen technologies currently used in phones and tablets: LCD and AMOLED. The former usually features a light source and liquid crystals, while the latter is based on organic light-emitting diodes. Newer LCD variations like IPS-LCD and Super-LCD allow for very accurate color reproduction and very wide viewing angles, where no significant image quality loss is observed. Current AMOLED screens differ in such a way that they can exhibit much more saturated colors (sometimes too much) and incredibly high contrast levels, which is due to black color being completely black in AMOLED displays.. Screen-to-body ratio - Shows what part of the frontal area of a phone its screen occupies.. Software Features: Touch to focus, Face detection, Geo tagging. Shooting Modes: High Dynamic Range mode (HDR), Night mode, Scenes. Features: Time-lapse video, Video calling, Video sharing. Aperture size - The aperture of a camera is the opening through which light travels before it reaches the camera sensor. The smaller the number is, the bigger this opening is, allowing for more light to pass.. Quad-core, 1400 MHz, ARM Cortex-A53, 64-bit. System chip - Most modern handsets use an advanced chip that includes many of the device’s hardware modules like the processor, Wi-Fi, Bluetooth and sometimes even the wireless radio. This field shows what particular system chip (or System-on-a-Chip) is used in the phone.. Processor - The processor is the main computing component of a phone and is a major factor when it comes to the overall speed of the device. Some more powerful smartphones use dual-core and quad-core processors designed to deliver greater performance.. Graphics processor - The graphics processor is important for the smooth operation of the system and especially in games and other applications that may involve complex graphics and animations.. System memory - System memory, or RAM memory is the type of memory that the device uses to temporarily store data from the OS or currently-running apps. The more RAM available to the device, the better the performance will be when multiple or heavier programs are running.. Built-in storage - Bigger storage capacity allows you to keep more content saved onto your device, such as more applications, photos or video. Games and video content typically take up the biggest amount of storage space.. Storage expansion - Some handsets allow you to expand their storage capacity by using a memory expansion card – most often microSD. Expansion memory is mostly suitable for media storage, such as photo, video or music content.. Talk time: 29.00 hours the average is 20 h (1229 min). Stand-by time: 31.2 days (750 hours) the average is 21 days (502 h). Talk time (3G): 19.00 hours the average is 19 h (1147 min). Stand-by time (3G): 27.1 days (650 hours) the average is 25 days (590 h). Capacity - The bigger, the better! However, battery capacity is not the only factor that has an effect on battery life. Those include the chipset in use, the software running on the device, as well as the consumer's unique usage pattern.. Multimedia Screen mirroring: Wireless screen share. Filter by: Album, Artist, Genre, Playlists. Features: Album art cover, Background playback. Cellular GSM: 850, 900, 1800, 1900 MHz. UMTS: 850, 1700/2100, 1900, 2100 MHz. LTE (FDD): Bands 2, 4, 7, 12, 17. LTE (TDD): Bands 38, 39, 40, 41. Data: LTE Cat 4 (150/50 Mbit/s), HSDPA+ (4G) 42.2 Mbit/s, HSUPA, UMTS. Other features: Voice dialing, Voice commands, Voice recording. Features: Mass storage device, USB charging. Other: Tethering, Computer sync, OTA sync. Positioning - This field shows the positioning systems supported by the device. The most common types are GPS and A-GPS.. GPS - This is one of the most widespread global positioning technologies, developed and maintained by the U.S. It uses satellites in order to detect your location. A-GPS - A-GPS stands for Assisted GPS and is the industry standard for positioning and navigation. “Assisted” means that it can use local wireless networks, in addition to satellites, for quicker and more precise localization.. To see the full specifications with in-depth details click here.. Despite our efforts to provide full and correct BLU Vivo XL2 specifications, there is always a possibility of making a mistake. If you see any wrong or incomplete data, please LET US KNOW .. If you are interested in using our specs commercially, check out our Phone specs database licensing page.. $145 Buy. Gear S4 may come with a blood pressure monitor, Samsung patent reveals. Google Pay launches today, but its most important feature is not here yet. Galaxy S9 and S9+ previewed in glorious detail with full specs and release date. Galaxy S9 and S9+ price and release date on Verizon, AT&T, T-Mobile and Best Buy. The Samsung Galaxy S9 and S9+ have game-changing cameras with variable aperture and 960fps slow-mo video recording. The Big Barcelona Camera Comparison: iPhone X vs Pixel 2 XL vs Note 8. Samsung Galaxy S9 and S9+ rumor review: Specs, design, features, price and release date. Sony presents Xperia XZ2 and XZ2 Compact: new design and Snapdragon 845. Galaxy S9 Exynos edition gets benchmarked against rivals!. Galaxy S9 first camera comparison vs iPhone X, V30, S8. Samsung Galaxy S9 & S9+ hands-on. MWC 2018: top smartphones to expect. Best smartphone you can buy in 2018. Allo is a quality app, but Google isn't giving it a real chance. All content (phone reviews, news, specs, info), design and layouts are Copyright 2001-2018 phoneArena.com. Reproduction in whole or in part or in any form or medium without written permission is prohibited! Privacy. 
Compare Cell Phone Plans Prepaid Plans Reviews Carrier Reviews Cell Phone Reviews Guides & Advice Get out of contract How much data do I need? 15 Ways to Lower Your Bill All Articles & Guides Discuss Q&A Forum. Compare Credit Cards All Cards Rewards Cash Back Travel Balance Transfer Low Interest Zero Percent Business Student Secured. Mobile Cell Phones Tablets e-Readers Bluetooth Headsets USB Car Chargers USB Charging Stations FM Transmitters Battery Packs Bluetooth Trackers AUDIO / VIDEO Airplay Speakers Bluetooth Speakers Smart Speakers Bluetooth Headphones Headphones Media Streamers. CAMERAS Action Cameras 360 Degree Cameras WEARABLES Smartwatches Fitness Trackers. Community Join (Free Membership) Login About Us Informr Score Newsletter. BLU released the Vivo XL2 on January 25, 2017.. Where can I download the Vivo XL2 manual?. We've got you covered! Download a free PDF copy of the BLU Vivo XL2 user manual here .. How long is the warranty period?. BLU backs up the Vivo XL2 with a 1 Year parts & labour warranty.. Where can should I go for support, replacement or repairs?. If your Vivo XL2 has problems and is still within its warranty period, you could contact BLU support or the retailer you purchased the phone from. You'll find BLU's contact information here. If your phone is off warranty and needs repair for a physical problem such as a broken screen or bad battery, you should visit an authorized service centre or a local phone repair shop. You can also connect with others in The Informr Community Forum to find and share answers to questions.. 1 How to get warranty service for my BLU Vivo XL2?. 1 Why won't BLU Vivo XL2 connect to Bluetooth?. Maybe one of your friends will find this review helpful? Please help us spread the word.. The BLU Vivo XL2's screen size is 5.5 inches with 720 x 1280 pixels resolution.. There is a MediaTek MT6737T Quad core 1.4 GHz processor (CPU).. The phone runs on the Android 6.0 Marshmallow operating system (OS).. You can take photos or capture video with the phone's onboard 13+ megapixel camera.. There is also a secondary front facing camera with 8+ megapixels resolution.. An external, MicroSD, MicroSDHC, microSDXC (up to 64 GB) expansion slot is available for increased storage capacity.. The phone is powered by a Lithium-Ion (Li-Ion), 3150 mAh battery. BLU 's performance ratings are 31.3 days standby time, 1740 minutes.. MediaTek MT6737T Quad core 1.4 GHz. Data Cable, Headphones, Manual, USB Power Adapter. Dimensions [H x W x D]. 15.4 x 7.7 x 0.9 cm (6.1 x 3 x 0.4 in). Ambient Light, Proximity, Motion / Accelerometer. Capacitive touch screen, Corning Gorilla Glass 3, Curved glass. MicroSD, MicroSDHC, microSDXC (up to 64 GB). Auto focus, Effects, Geotagging, Multi-shot, Panorama, Self-timer, HDR. 3GP / 3GPP, H.264 / AVC, MPEG-4. Full HD (1920 x 1080 pixels), 30 fps. MIDI, MP3, MP4, eAAC+, AAC+, AAC, WMA, WAV, M4A. 3GP / 3GPP, H.264 / AVC, MPEG-4. Manual (PDF) Where to buy BLU Vivo XL2. GSM: 850/900/1800/1900 MHz. UMTS: 850/1700/1900/2100 MHz. LTE: 1700/1900/700/2100 /2600 MHz Data: GPRS, EDGE, HSUPA, HSPA+, LTE. Help inform others by sharing your experience with BLU Vivo XL2. Darn, there are no reviews yet for. Be the first to write a review .. BLU Vivo XL2 Unboxing and First Impressions. BLU VIVO XL2 Unboxing & First Impressions. BLU Vivo XL2 | Full Specification, Features and Price. New BLU VIVO XL2: Unboxing, First Impressions and Specifications Review - Hands-on!. How to Install Android Nougat on BLU Vivo XL2 (Android 7.1.1/CM14.1). Blu Vivo XL2 Unboxing and First impressions Live Stream. BLU VIVO XL2 Review - 5.5" 4G LTE GSM Unlocked Smartphone. BLU Vivo XL2 Unboxing and First Impressions. About Us Contact Advertise Privacy Terms. We want you to know that The Informr is an independent resource. you with the most accurate information and keep things up to date, prices and terms of products. We encourage you to always do your own research and double check the. Using the information on this site is at your own risk and without warranty.. You should also know that in some cases, we may receive compensation when you click on links or. purchase through links on this site. This is at no extra cost to you. business and keep the service free for everyone. 
Hi! Get more out of Walmart.com. Stretch your tax refund FREE Grocery Pickup See All Departments. Reorder Items Pickup Today Track Order Your Account Your Local Store Store Finder. Shop Electronics Smart Home Wearable Tech Cameras & Camcorders Walmart for Business Video Games. Shop all TV & Video TVs DVD & Blu-ray Players Home Audio & Theater TV Accessories. Shop all Cell Phones Straight Talk Phones Unlocked Phones Contract Phones No-Contract Phones Prepaid Minutes & Data Cases & Accessories. Shop all iPad & Tablets iPad Windows Tablets Android Tablets Accessories. Shop all Computers Laptops Desktops PC Gaming Printers & Supplies Networking Software Monitors Accessories. Shop all Auto Electronics GPS & Navigation. Shop all Portable Audio iPod & MP3 Players Headphones Speakers & Docks. Shop all Office Supplies Office Electronics School Supplies. Star Wars Marvel: Avengers Musical Instruments Computer Software. Shop all Movies & TV 2-Day Shipping Action & Adventure Blu-ray Discs Boxed Sets Children & Family Instawatch Movie DVDs New Releases Preorders TV Shows. Shop all Music 2-Day Shipping Music Gift Cards Country Music Soundtracks Vinyl New Releases Pop R&B / Soul Rock Top 100 CDs. Shop all Books Deals in books Preorders New Releases Biographies & Memoirs Children's Books Christian Books & Bibles Cookbooks, Food & Wine Comics & Graphic Novels Crafts & Hobbies Humor Literature & Fiction Health and Wellness Teen & Young Adult. Shop all Shop By Room Living Room Bedroom Bathroom Dining Room Kitchen Kids' Room Teens' Room Patio Entryway Office. Shop all Shop By Category Appliances Bath Bedding Furniture Home Decor Kids’ Bedding Kids’ Furniture Kitchen & Dining Lighting Mattresses Patio & Garden Rugs Storage & Organization Vacuums & Floor Care Window Coverings. Shop all Brand Shops KitchenAid Better Homes and Gardens The Pioneer Woman Mainstays. Shop all Specialty Shops Home Gift Guide Back to College Shop by Style. Shop All Home Improvement Bathroom Renovations Kitchen Renovations Water Purification Generators Garage & Storage. Shop all Air Quality Dehumidifiers Humidifiers. Shop all Tools Power Tools Hand Tools. Shop all Heating & Cooling Heaters Fireplaces Stoves. Shop all Paint Interior & Exterior Paint Ladders. Shop all Patio & Garden Patio Furniture Patio & Outdoor Decor Sheds & Outdoor Storage Outdoor Shade Grills & Outdoor Cooking Outdoor Heating Swimming Pools Hot Tubs & Saunas. Shop all Garden Center Outdoor Power Equipment Landscaping Pots & Planters. Shop all Industrial & Scientific Janitorial & Sanitation Supplies Food Service Equipment. Shop All Clothing Intimates & Sleepwear All Shoes Boys' Girls' Swim Shop Spring Fashion Activewear Shop School Uniforms Precious Metals Bags & Accessories Luggage Sleepwear Shop Premium Beauty Fashion Brands Clearance & More. Shop all Women's Women's Plus Juniors' Maternity Women's Shoes. Shop all Jewelry Wedding & Engagement Watches Fine Jewelry Fashion Jewelry Personalized Jewelry. Shop all Men's Men's Big & Tall Young Men's Men's Shoes Men's Jewelry. Shop all Baby & Toddlers' Baby Girl Baby Boy Toddler Girl Toddler Boy Baby & Kids' Shoes. Shop All Baby Baby Deals Parent's Choice Britax Premium Brands Restock Shop Baby Registry Baby Box Strollers Car Seats Baby & Toddler Clothing. Shop all Diapering & Potty Diapers Wipes Diaper Bags. Shop all Feeding Breast Feeding Bottle Feeding Baby Formula Baby Food Toddler Feeding Bibs & Burp Cloths. Shop all Nursery & Décor Cribs Furniture Bedding Décor. Shop all Toddler Room Furniture Bedding. Shop all Play & Travel Gear Playstations & Walkers Playards Swings Carriers & Wraps Baby & Toddler Toys. Shop all Health & Safety Bath Baby Gates Baby Monitors Baby Care. Toys Savings Musical Instruments Boys' Toys Girls' Toys Xbox One X Retro Gaming. Shop all Toys Action Figures Dolls & Dollhouses Cars, Drones & RC LEGO & Building Sets Pretend Play Arts & Crafts Electronics for Kids Learning Toys Nerf & Blasters Stuffed Animals & Plush Games & Puzzles. Shop all Bikes & Ride-Ons Kids' Bikes Ride-On Toys Hoverboards. Shop all Outdoor Play Swing Sets Trampolines. Shop all Shop by Age Preschool 5-7 8-11 12+. Shop all Video Games Virtual Reality New Releases PlayStation 4 Xbox One Nintendo Switch Accessories Digital Gaming Nintendo 3DS / 2DS Nintendo Wii U / Wii PlayStation VR Preorders Used Games. Restock Shop Fresh Flowers Meal Kits & Specialty Food Boxes Grocery Pickup & Delivery. Shop all Shop All Food Coffee Beverages Snacks & Cookies Breakfast & Cereal Meals Condiments Pasta Candy & Gum Soups Canned Goods Emergency Food Baking Center International Food. Shop all Household Essentials Laundry Room Kitchen Bathroom Paper & Plastic Cleaning Supplies Air Fresheners Batteries Pest Control As Seen On TV Light Bulbs. Shop all Shop All Pets Cats Dogs Fish Small Animals Birds Equine Reptiles. Shop all Clearance & Rollbacks Food Household Essentials Pets. Shop all Beauty Makeup Skin Care Fragrances Beauty Tools Hair Care Premium Beauty. Shop all Brands We Love Flower Culturelle OralB Braun ReliOn. Shop all Personal Care Feminine Care Incontinence. Shop all Shave Electric Shavers Razors. Shop all Oral Care Electric Toothbrushes Water Flossers. Shop all Bath & Body Lotions Body Wash. Shop all Vision Center Prescription Eyewear Contact Lenses. Shop all Health Medicine Cabinet Cold, Cough and Flu Digestive Health Home Health Care Diabetes Management. Shop all Wellness Supplements Protein & Fitness Weight Management Aromatherapy. Shop all Pharmacy Refill Prescriptions Transfer Prescriptions. Shop All Sports Outdoor Sports Emergency Prep Ozark Trail Hunting Trampolines Game Room Basketball Sports Fanshop. Shop all Camping Tents Airbeds Canopies & Shelters. Shop all Fishing Rod & Reel Combos. Shop all Boats & Water Sports Canoes, Kayaks & Boats. Shop all Recreation Bikes Lawn Games Air Soft Air Guns Golf. Shop all Team Sports Baseball & Softball Football. Shop all Exercise & Fitness Boxing Mixed Martial Arts. Shop all Exercise Machines Treadmills Bikes Ellipticals Home Gyms. Shop all Strength and Weight Training Fitness Accessories Ab & Core Toners. Shop All Auto Tires Batteries & Accessories Diagnostic Tools Auto Paint & Accessories Auto Interior Auto Exterior Windshield Wipers Motorcycles & ATVs RV Parts & Accessories Auto Detailing & Car Care Auto Services. Shop all Oils & Fluids Motor Oil Antifreeze & Coolants Transmission, Brake, & Steering Fluids. Shop all Automotive Tools & Equipment Car Battery Chargers & Accessories. Shop all Auto Electronics Car DVD & Video Car Stereos Car Speakers & Subwoofers Power Inverters Dash Cams. Shop all Auto Body Repair Auto Repair Tools. Shop all Auto Replacement Parts Oil Filters Engine Air Filters Spark Plugs Brake Parts. Shop all Photo Center Available Same Day Blankets Calendars Canvas & Wall Art Cards & Invitations Home Decor & Gifts Jewelry & Clothing Mugs Office Phone Cases Photo Books Pillows Posters Prints. Shop all Personalized Shop Easter Rollbacks & Clearance Wedding Invitations Wedding Sweepstakes Graduation Home Decor Clothing & Accessories Bedding & Bath Kitchen & Dining Kids Character Shop. Shop all Personalized Jewelry Rings Necklaces Class Rings. Shop all Gift Cards Mail a Gift Card Email a Gift Card Specialty Gift Cards Check Card Balances Corporate Gift Card Program. Shop all Gift Registry Baby Registry Wedding Registry Lists. Craft Tips & Ideas Costumes & Dress Up Party Ideas & Recipes Christmas Decor Savings Birthday Shop Wedding Shop Valentine's Day Plush. Shop all Arts, Crafts & Sewing Art & Drawing Supplies Beading & Jewelry Crafting Die Cutting Machines Sewing Fabric Scrapbooking Supplies Artificial Plants & Flowers Knitting & Crochet Yarn Craft Furniture & Storage. Shop all Party & Occasions Baking & Pastry Supplies Balloons Cards & Invitations Disposable Tableware Giftwrap & Supplies Party Decorations Party Favors Pinatas. Shop all Party Themes Themed Party Sets Anniversary Baby Shower Halloween Christmas Decor. Stretch your tax refund FREE Grocery Pickup Electronics & Office Movies, Music & Books Home, Furniture & Appliances Home Improvement & Patio Clothing, Shoes & Jewelry Baby & Toddler Toys & Video Games Food, Household & Pets Pharmacy, Health & Beauty Sports, Fitness & Outdoors Auto & Tires Photo & Personalized Shop Sewing, Crafts & Party Supplies See All Departments. Baby Registry Wedding Registry Classroom Supplies. TV & Video TVs DVD & Blu-ray Players Home Audio & Theater TV Accessories. Cell Phones Straight Talk Phones Unlocked Phones Contract Phones No-Contract Phones Prepaid Minutes & Data Cases & Accessories. iPad & Tablets iPad Windows Tablets Android Tablets Accessories. Computers Laptops Desktops PC Gaming Printers & Supplies Networking Software Monitors Accessories. Portable Audio iPod & MP3 Players Headphones Speakers & Docks. Office Supplies Office Electronics School Supplies. Movies & TV 2-Day Shipping Action & Adventure Blu-ray Discs Boxed Sets Children & Family Instawatch Movie DVDs New Releases Preorders TV Shows. Music 2-Day Shipping Music Gift Cards Country Music Soundtracks Vinyl New Releases Pop R&B / Soul Rock Top 100 CDs. Books Deals in books Preorders New Releases Biographies & Memoirs Children's Books Christian Books & Bibles Cookbooks, Food & Wine Comics & Graphic Novels Crafts & Hobbies Humor Literature & Fiction Health and Wellness Teen & Young Adult. Shop By Room Living Room Bedroom Bathroom Dining Room Kitchen Kids' Room Teens' Room Patio Entryway Office. Shop By Category Appliances Bath Bedding Furniture Home Decor Kids’ Bedding Kids’ Furniture Kitchen & Dining Lighting Mattresses Patio & Garden Rugs Storage & Organization Vacuums & Floor Care Window Coverings. Brand Shops KitchenAid Better Homes and Gardens The Pioneer Woman Mainstays. Specialty Shops Home Gift Guide Back to College Shop by Style. Industrial & Scientific Janitorial & Sanitation Supplies Food Service Equipment. Heating & Cooling Heaters Fireplaces Stoves. Paint Interior & Exterior Paint Ladders. Patio & Garden Patio Furniture Patio & Outdoor Decor Sheds & Outdoor Storage Outdoor Shade Grills & Outdoor Cooking Outdoor Heating Swimming Pools Hot Tubs & Saunas. Garden Center Outdoor Power Equipment Landscaping Pots & Planters. Women's Women's Plus Juniors' Maternity Women's Shoes. Jewelry Wedding & Engagement Watches Fine Jewelry Fashion Jewelry Personalized Jewelry. Men's Men's Big & Tall Young Men's Men's Shoes Men's Jewelry. Baby & Toddlers' Baby Girl Baby Boy Toddler Girl Toddler Boy Baby & Kids' Shoes. Diapering & Potty Diapers Wipes Diaper Bags. Feeding Breast Feeding Bottle Feeding Baby Formula Baby Food Toddler Feeding Bibs & Burp Cloths. Nursery & Décor Cribs Furniture Bedding Décor. Play & Travel Gear Playstations & Walkers Playards Swings Carriers & Wraps Baby & Toddler Toys. Health & Safety Bath Baby Gates Baby Monitors Baby Care. Toys Action Figures Dolls & Dollhouses Cars, Drones & RC LEGO & Building Sets Pretend Play Arts & Crafts Electronics for Kids Learning Toys Nerf & Blasters Stuffed Animals & Plush Games & Puzzles. Bikes & Ride-Ons Kids' Bikes Ride-On Toys Hoverboards. Shop by Age Preschool 5-7 8-11 12+. Video Games Virtual Reality New Releases PlayStation 4 Xbox One Nintendo Switch Accessories Digital Gaming Nintendo 3DS / 2DS Nintendo Wii U / Wii PlayStation VR Preorders Used Games. Shop All Food Coffee Beverages Snacks & Cookies Breakfast & Cereal Meals Condiments Pasta Candy & Gum Soups Canned Goods Emergency Food Baking Center International Food. Household Essentials Laundry Room Kitchen Bathroom Paper & Plastic Cleaning Supplies Air Fresheners Batteries Pest Control As Seen On TV Light Bulbs. Meal Kits & Specialty Food Boxes. Shop All Pets Cats Dogs Fish Small Animals Birds Equine Reptiles. Clearance & Rollbacks Food Household Essentials Pets. Beauty Makeup Skin Care Fragrances Beauty Tools Hair Care Premium Beauty. Brands We Love Flower Culturelle OralB Braun ReliOn. Oral Care Electric Toothbrushes Water Flossers. Bath & Body Lotions Body Wash. Vision Center Prescription Eyewear Contact Lenses. Health Medicine Cabinet Cold, Cough and Flu Digestive Health Home Health Care Diabetes Management. Wellness Supplements Protein & Fitness Weight Management Aromatherapy. Camping Tents Airbeds Canopies & Shelters. Fishing Rod & Reel Combos. Boats & Water Sports Canoes, Kayaks & Boats. Recreation Bikes Lawn Games Air Soft Air Guns Golf. Team Sports Baseball & Softball Football. Exercise & Fitness Boxing Mixed Martial Arts. Exercise Machines Treadmills Bikes Ellipticals Home Gyms. Strength and Weight Training Fitness Accessories Ab & Core Toners. Oils & Fluids Motor Oil Antifreeze & Coolants Transmission, Brake, & Steering Fluids. Automotive Tools & Equipment Car Battery Chargers & Accessories. Auto Electronics Car DVD & Video Car Stereos Car Speakers & Subwoofers Power Inverters Dash Cams. Auto Body Repair Auto Repair Tools. Auto Replacement Parts Oil Filters Engine Air Filters Spark Plugs Brake Parts. Photo Center Available Same Day Blankets Calendars Canvas & Wall Art Cards & Invitations Home Decor & Gifts Jewelry & Clothing Mugs Office Phone Cases Photo Books Pillows Posters Prints. Personalized Shop Easter Rollbacks & Clearance Wedding Invitations Wedding Sweepstakes Graduation Home Decor Clothing & Accessories Bedding & Bath Kitchen & Dining Kids Character Shop. Personalized Jewelry Rings Necklaces Class Rings. Gift Cards Mail a Gift Card Email a Gift Card Specialty Gift Cards Check Card Balances Corporate Gift Card Program. Gift Registry Baby Registry Wedding Registry Lists. Arts, Crafts & Sewing Art & Drawing Supplies Beading & Jewelry Crafting Die Cutting Machines Sewing Fabric Scrapbooking Supplies Artificial Plants & Flowers Knitting & Crochet Yarn Craft Furniture & Storage. Party & Occasions Baking & Pastry Supplies Balloons Cards & Invitations Disposable Tableware Giftwrap & Supplies Party Decorations Party Favors Pinatas. Party Themes Themed Party Sets Anniversary Baby Shower Halloween Christmas Decor. All Departments Auto & Tires Baby Beauty Books Cell Phones Clothing Electronics Food. Gifts & Registry Health Home Home Improvement Household Essentials Jewelry Movies Music Office. Party & Occasions Patio & Garden Pets Pharmacy Photo Center Sports & Outdoors Toys Video Games. FREE Grocery Pickup FREE 2-Day Shipping Shop smart with our app Get your flu shot today Stretch your tax refund. FREE Grocery Pickup FREE 2-Day Shipping Shop smart with our app Get your flu shot today Stretch your tax refund. Pickup Today Grocery Pickup Weekly Ads Credit Card Track Order Help. Cell Phones No-Contract Phones & Plans Shop Phones by Operating System Android. BLU Vivo XL2 V0070UU 32GB Unlocked GSM LTE Quad-Core Dual-SIM Phone - Gold. Average rating: out of 5 stars, based on reviews Write a review ratings. This button opens a dialog that displays additional images for this product with the option to zoom in or out.. Blu V0070uugld Vivo Xl 2 Smartphone [gold]. Tell us if something is incorrect. 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12. Tell us if something is incorrect. Blu V0070uugld Vivo Xl 2 Smartphone [gold]. Get specific details about this product from customers who own it.. Be the first to review this item!. Average rating: 0 out of 5 stars, based on reviews. See any care plans, options and policies that may be associated with this product.. Electrode, Comp-283796757, DC-prod-dfw5, ENV-prod-a, PROF-PROD, VER-21.17.3-rc-1, SHA-c37438843926f3cccffc1b3ed5e62a5a7012bec8, CID-. Help Feedback MoneyCenter Privacy & Security CA Privacy Rights Terms of Use. See All Services Walmart MoneyCenter Walmart Credit Card Product Care Plans Walmart Pay. About Walmart.com Corporate Suppliers Sell on Walmart.com Careers @WalmartLabs The Walmart Digital Museum. Terms of Use About Our Ads Affiliate Program CA Privacy Rights Privacy & Security. Returns Policy Product Recalls Int’l Customers Tax Exempt Program Contact Us Feedback Store Pickup. Electronics Toys Video Games Home Products Clothing Sports & Outdoors Baby Products. 
more ... more .... more ... more .... Blu Vivo XL2 launches today for just $99.99 (limited time offer). Blu Vivo XL2 launches today for just $99.99 (limited time offer). by Florin Troaca. Tags :. Blu today released a brand new Android smartphone: the Vivo XL2 , which was first spotted last month. Succeeding the original Vivo XL from last year, the Blu Vivo XL2 is a pretty large handset with rather modest features (but definitely not bad for its price point). The Vivo XL2 sports a 5.5-inch 720p display and has a micro pattern on the back - creating "a metallic sunburst effect." Powered by a quad-core MediaTek processor, the phone further offers DTS surround sound, 3 GB of RAM, 32 GB of expandable storage space, and a 3150 mAh battery. There's a 13 MP camera on the back of the new Vivo, plus an 8 MP selfie camera on the front. The not so great thing about the handset is that it runs Android 6.0 Marshmallow, and it's not clear if it's going to be updated to Android 7 Nougat. The Blu Vivo XL2 can be bought unlocked from Amazon for $149.99, being available in two color variants: blue and gold. For a limited time, starting today at 11 a.m. EST, the phone will cost only $99.99. Do note that the Vivo XL2 is a GSM/LTE device , meaning it will work on AT&T, T-Mobile and other GSM/LTE networks, but it can't be used on Verizon , Sprint, or US Cellular. sources: Amazon , Blu (Twitter). Sony Xperia XZ2 impressions: Gone with the old, in with the new. Samsung Galaxy S9 and S9+ hands-on: Worthy of celebrity hands. Sony presents Xperia XZ2 and XZ2 Compact: new design and Snapdragon 845. Galaxy S9+ vs Pixel 2 XL. Samsung Galaxy S9 & S9+ hands-on. The Galaxy S9 and S9+ are official!. (Posts: 853; Member since: 13 Mar 2016). posted on 25 Jan 2017, 10:24. Blue vivo xl: 5.5" 720p amoleld, octa core mediatek and the specs are mostly the same. I never get this company but that's what happens when u rebrand devices. Simply never know what to expect.. (Posts: 97; Member since: 20 Jan 2017). posted on 25 Jan 2017, 10:56. The ips screen is definitely a question mark but an octa-core is not necessarily better than a quad-core, in some cases they're actually worse. The 1.5mhz 6837t is actually the successor of the 1.3 mhz 6735 and does about 10k better on an antutu score... My issue is no finger scanner. But there will sure to be more Blu phones to come in a short while, much like last year at this time.... (Posts: 281; Member since: 10 Apr 2013). posted on 25 Jan 2017, 16:42. The flash sale sold out in less than 15 minutes.. Want to comment? Please login or register .. Blu Vivo XL2 launches today for just $99.99 (limited time offer). Blu Vivo XL2 launches today for just $99.99 (limited time offer). Gear S4 may come with a blood pressure monitor, Samsung patent reveals. Google Pay launches today, but its most important feature is not here yet. Galaxy S9 and S9+ previewed in glorious detail with full specs and release date. Galaxy S9 and S9+ price and release date on Verizon, AT&T, T-Mobile and Best Buy. The Samsung Galaxy S9 and S9+ have game-changing cameras with variable aperture and 960fps slow-mo video recording. The Big Barcelona Camera Comparison: iPhone X vs Pixel 2 XL vs Note 8. Samsung Galaxy S9 and S9+ rumor review: Specs, design, features, price and release date. Sony presents Xperia XZ2 and XZ2 Compact: new design and Snapdragon 845. Galaxy S9 Exynos edition gets benchmarked against rivals!. Galaxy S9 first camera comparison vs iPhone X, V30, S8. Samsung Galaxy S9 & S9+ hands-on. MWC 2018: top smartphones to expect. Best smartphone you can buy in 2018. Allo is a quality app, but Google isn't giving it a real chance. All content (phone reviews, news, specs, info), design and layouts are Copyright 2001-2018 phoneArena.com. Reproduction in whole or in part or in any form or medium without written permission is prohibited! Privacy. 
Blu unveils its shiny-gold midrange smartphone, the Vivo XL2. If Blu’s Life Max did not provide the processing oomph you might need from a smartphone and you would like your wallet to not cry in the process, the recently unveiled Vivo XL2. The first thing you will notice about the Vivo XL2 is how flashy the phone looks. an engraved micro pattern onto the battery cover, followed by “electrolyzed” paint particles that help give the phone a. The phone is an all-plastic affair, however, so keep that in mind if you want to rock the XL2 without a case.. Our tour of the exterior continues with the 5.5-inch, 1,280 x 720 resolution display, with an 8-megapixel wide-angle selfie shooter above it and a 13MP sensor around back. Corning’s Gorilla Glass 3 covers the display, so while it might not be the latest and greatest from the glass manufacturer, it should handle scratches just fine.. Under the hood, MediaTek’s 1.4GHz quad-core MT6737T chipset and 3GB RAM power the phone, while the 3,150mAh battery is about average for a phone this size. Thanks to the XL2’s quick charge capability, the battery goes from zero to 30 percent in half an hour, while a full charge takes two hours. It is unknown whether these speeds are limited to the charger that comes in the box, so keep that in mind if you want to top the phone up with a separate adapter.. The Vivo XL2’s 32GB of built-in storage is enough for most folks, but the MicroSD card slot takes up to 64GB cards in the event that it might not be enough. Finally, the phone runs Android 6.0 Marshmallow out of the box, with no indication as to whether there will be an update to Android 7.0 Nougat down the line.. Vivo X20 Plus UD is first phone to launch with an in-display fingerprint sensor. The Vivo Xplay7 could be an absolute monster of an Android phone. Get fit on a budget with the Vivo app and its army of personal trainers. The Samsung Galaxy S9 is finally here: Here's everything you need to know. Flexible LCDs will be available from Japan Display as soon as next year. The best portable chargers for quickly juicing your device. Head in the clouds: The complete noob’s guide to ecigs and vaping. Add Us To Your Social Channels. Digital Trends helps readers keep tabs on the fast-paced world of tech with all the latest news, fun product reviews, insightful editorials, and one-of-a-kind sneak peeks. 
Select the department you want to search in. Sign in Account & Lists Sign in Account & Lists Orders Try Prime Cart. Your Amazon.com Today's Deals Gift Cards Registry Sell Help Disability Customer Support. BLU VIVO XL2 - 5.5" 4G LTE GSM Unlocked Smartphone - 32GB+3GB RAM... 5 star 45% 4 star 15% 3 star 11% 2 star 9% 1 star 20%. BLU VIVO XL2 - 5.5" 4G LTE GSM Unlocked Smartphone - 32GB+3GB RAM -Gold. Price: $148.99 + Free shipping with Amazon Prime. This page works best with JavaScript. Disabling it will result in some disabled or missing features. You can still see all customer reviews for the product.. See all 450 positive reviews ›. 5.0 out of 5 stars ABOUT FREAKING TIME!!!! UPDATED POST!!. By MovieMan on February 20, 2017. Over the years, I've tried maybe 6 Blu phones. All of them looked amazing, but we laggy to the point it drove me nuts and if take them back. I just got the Vivo XL2 and I'm absolutely happy with this phone. It's freaking stylish as usual, but it has tons of bells and whistles like a more expensive phone, and so far it works amazingly well. I can't believe how nice this phone is for the price. And ignore the 64 gig SD card limitation. It took my 128 gig no problem at all. LOVE MY NEW PHONE!!! If Blu keeps this up, I'll keep buying Blu. I've had it for a week now and I still love it. I failed to mention that this has quick charge, and comes with a case and arrives with a screen protector on the phone, with no bubbles or junk under the film. It also comes with an extra screen protector. I can't say how much I love this phone for the price paid. See all 295 critical reviews ›. 1.0 out of 5 stars Update - don't waste your money! A pretty solid four stars. By CaptainJaneway on May 30, 2017. Update seven months in: I've had to go from four stars to just one. The phone worked well for about six months, though the shiny slippery back is very annoying. But for the last month the phone has been almost unusable, and today it's become basically a brick. People who call me say they get busy signals. It will be normal, and then suddenly the app I'm using closes and the screen quickly flips through all the pages and then freezes on the add widget page. This happens when I'm just sitting there reading a Kindle book, typing a reply to a text, or browsing the web. The phone will also suddenly refuse to accept input on the touch screen, or will shut down the keyboard when I'm typing. I'll get a text, try to answer it, and the phone will shut down. It's like it's gone insane or something. I've tried everything, factory reset, all the updates, and even tried to get help from BLU. All of my attempts to contact them were ignored. Now I have to go out and try yet again to buy another phone! I've had it with BLU and no longer recommend it. I expect to get more than six months out of a phone!!! In the box : phone, charger, wall adapter, headphones, screen protector, and silicone case. Phone also had a screen protector already installed. This is my third BLU phone. I'm disappointed that this one has a sealed battery, and if you do need two SIM cards, you can't use a SD card. There are only two slots, instead of three. The fancy back that they make sound so awesome is anything but; it's not even really blue or shiny except in the brightest sunlight, and the surface is so slippery that the phone is hard to hold on to, and takes every opportunity to slide off the arm of the chair, the desktop, the nightstand, the dashboard, or anywhere else you might want to set it down. It also has a few more quirks than my other BLUs and was a little cranky over getting my favorite apps customized. As much as the phone is an obvious attempt at an iphone clone, it doesn't seem to have as good an antenna as the iphone. Meetings in an interior room in a large building mean I have no signal but I can hear coworkers phones getting texts. That's not a huge deal for me as those meetings are only once a month and otherwise the signal is pretty reliable, and I didn't pay anywhere near $600 for the name brand. On the plus side, it does have plenty of onboard memory and readily connected with my net10 SIM card. Apps work quickly, music sounds pretty good, and calls are clear. Just make sure you order a nice case when you order the phone, otherwise you'll be dropping the phone all the time, and the case that comes with it is an ugly whitish color that is just repulsive. A cautionary tale: My first BLU phone was the Life XL and I was very happy with it, all the utility of a $600 samsung or apple product at a fraction of the price. Easy to set up and worked very well with my net10 account. I"d still be using it if I hadn't dropped it on cement and made the display go all wonky. The phone still worked just fine, but the screen was too blurry to live with. So I ordered an identical Life XL. Unfortunately that one came loaded with spyware. I filed a complaint with the seller, tojostore, but they refused to respond until I left bad feedback. Then they quickly refunded my money without even asking for the phone back, so they know they were guilty. Lesson learned, always buy just from Amazon, and immediately run a malware checker before putting any contacts or other personal information on the phone!. Top rated Most recent Top rated. All reviewers Verified purchase only All reviewers All stars 5 star only 4 star only 3 star only 2 star only 1 star only All positive All critical All stars All formats Color: Gold All formats Text, image, video Image and video reviews only Text, image, video. There was a problem filtering reviews right now. 5.0 out of 5 stars ABOUT FREAKING TIME!!!! UPDATED POST!!. By MovieMan on February 20, 2017. Over the years, I've tried maybe 6 Blu phones. All of them looked amazing, but we laggy to the point it drove me nuts and if take them back. I just got the Vivo XL2 and I'm absolutely happy with this phone. It's freaking stylish as usual, but it has tons of bells and whistles like a more expensive phone, and so far it works amazingly well. I can't believe how nice this phone is for the price. And ignore the 64 gig SD card limitation. It took my 128 gig no problem at all. LOVE MY NEW PHONE!!! If Blu keeps this up, I'll keep buying Blu. I've had it for a week now and I still love it. I failed to mention that this has quick charge, and comes with a case and arrives with a screen protector on the phone, with no bubbles or junk under the film. It also comes with an extra screen protector. I can't say how much I love this phone for the price paid. Was this review helpful to you?. Talk about why you like this review, or ask a question.. Paste the product's web address below:. Only products offered on Amazon can be linked.. In the text of your review, you can link directly to any product offered on Amazon.com. To insert a product link, follow these steps:. Find the product you want to reference on Amazon.com. Copy the web address of the product. Paste the web address in the box. Selecting the item displayed will insert text that looks like this:. When your review is displayed on Amazon.com, this text will be transformed into a hyperlink, like so: Hamlet (The Pelican Shakespeare). You are limited to 10 product links in your review, and your link text may not be longer than 256 characters.. Please write at least one word. You must be in good standing in the Amazon community to post.. Your message will not be posted. Please see our guidelines regarding objectionable content.. You must purchase at least one item from Amazon to post a comment. A problem occurred while submitting your comment. There was a problem loading comments right now. 5.0 out of 5 stars Open Honest Review. By Lori Sherwood on March 7, 2017. People love to get a new phone and, while riding that new tech high, get on Amazon and shout "BEST PHONE EVER" when obviously it's not. Here is my open honest list view of the Pros and Cons of this phone. Pros: Price: Even at the suggested retail of 149 usd, this phone out performs the price tag Build quality: Built like a 700 usd flagship device. Manages to look both beautiful & professional Call quality : Perfect, which means it does what a phone is supposed to do Screen: at 720p its NOT as nice as an iPhone or Pixel, but it does look amazing on the 5.5 inch screen Antenna: Most forgotten feature of reviews... This phone has service in the basement of the hospital I work at, on both on Tmobile AND AT&T. Having duel Sims, I decided to put in both my personal and work sim cards in the phone. The Sony Xperia M5 Ultra I had before this got zero service for most parts of the basement. This Vivo XL2 has at least 2 bars of 4g lte service through out the entire basement. Same sim cards, same Radio bands supported, and yet only this phone gets signal. Sound: loud and crisp, even with a back firing speaker. I'd prefer a front facing speaker, but oh well. Camera, both front and back: Great cameras for 149 usd.... So comparing the pictures to your iPhone or Galaxy s6 or Pixel pictures your gonna be disappointed most of the time. However, snap a pic in good lighting, share it to Facebook or Instagram, and you would be surprised how nice they look. Battery: true 5 and 1/2 hours of screen-on time which is absolutely amazing. However, though they claim its quick charging, it's really not. 2 hours to fully charge from 25% isn't standard quick charge, it's actually "not slow" charging at best.. Not many phones have it anymore, but it's nice to be able to mess with the TVs at the hospital. It's entertaining changing the channel from Fox News to MSNBC, or vice versa, just to watch the brainwashed receptionists mind explode when someone actually disagrees with their world view. CONS: Skin/software: Though its running Android 6.01 you'd be hard pressed to notice. The skin Blu decided to use makes it look and feel like a bunch of 16 year old kids tweaked it to something they thought looked "cool". Easy fix, use Nova or Google Now launcher and all is forgiven. Can't use duel sim and a MicroSD card at the same time. Though the memory and ram upgrade (32gbs and 3gbs respectively) are more than enough for me, adding a 64 gb card will mean only using one sim card. As one slot is for a card or a sim.... It's not just this phone, but this is the one Im reviewing. Can't use a lot of the new instant pay service without one. Though at the 119 usd I paid for it, I can't complain to much. It's basically a phone on par with most flagship devices at a 1/4 of the price. I always buy unlocked carrier free versions of the phones I use as my daily driver. The Vivo XL2 is without a doubt the best value I have ever gotten in a cell phone. Is it the best phone ever?? Of course not. Even Blu themselves sell better all around devices. HOWEVER, the XL2 may indeed be the best 149 dollar smart phone available as of March 2017.. Was this review helpful to you?. Talk about why you like this review, or ask a question.. Paste the product's web address below:. Only products offered on Amazon can be linked.. In the text of your review, you can link directly to any product offered on Amazon.com. To insert a product link, follow these steps:. Find the product you want to reference on Amazon.com. Copy the web address of the product. Paste the web address in the box. Selecting the item displayed will insert text that looks like this:. When your review is displayed on Amazon.com, this text will be transformed into a hyperlink, like so: Hamlet (The Pelican Shakespeare). You are limited to 10 product links in your review, and your link text may not be longer than 256 characters.. Please write at least one word. You must be in good standing in the Amazon community to post.. Your message will not be posted. Please see our guidelines regarding objectionable content.. You must purchase at least one item from Amazon to post a comment. A problem occurred while submitting your comment. There was a problem loading comments right now. 1.0 out of 5 stars Update - don't waste your money! A pretty solid four stars. By CaptainJaneway on May 30, 2017. Update seven months in: I've had to go from four stars to just one. The phone worked well for about six months, though the shiny slippery back is very annoying. But for the last month the phone has been almost unusable, and today it's become basically a brick. People who call me say they get busy signals. It will be normal, and then suddenly the app I'm using closes and the screen quickly flips through all the pages and then freezes on the add widget page. This happens when I'm just sitting there reading a Kindle book, typing a reply to a text, or browsing the web. The phone will also suddenly refuse to accept input on the touch screen, or will shut down the keyboard when I'm typing. I'll get a text, try to answer it, and the phone will shut down. It's like it's gone insane or something. I've tried everything, factory reset, all the updates, and even tried to get help from BLU. All of my attempts to contact them were ignored. Now I have to go out and try yet again to buy another phone! I've had it with BLU and no longer recommend it. I expect to get more than six months out of a phone!!! In the box : phone, charger, wall adapter, headphones, screen protector, and silicone case. Phone also had a screen protector already installed. This is my third BLU phone. I'm disappointed that this one has a sealed battery, and if you do need two SIM cards, you can't use a SD card. There are only two slots, instead of three. The fancy back that they make sound so awesome is anything but; it's not even really blue or shiny except in the brightest sunlight, and the surface is so slippery that the phone is hard to hold on to, and takes every opportunity to slide off the arm of the chair, the desktop, the nightstand, the dashboard, or anywhere else you might want to set it down. It also has a few more quirks than my other BLUs and was a little cranky over getting my favorite apps customized. As much as the phone is an obvious attempt at an iphone clone, it doesn't seem to have as good an antenna as the iphone. Meetings in an interior room in a large building mean I have no signal but I can hear coworkers phones getting texts. That's not a huge deal for me as those meetings are only once a month and otherwise the signal is pretty reliable, and I didn't pay anywhere near $600 for the name brand. On the plus side, it does have plenty of onboard memory and readily connected with my net10 SIM card. Apps work quickly, music sounds pretty good, and calls are clear. Just make sure you order a nice case when you order the phone, otherwise you'll be dropping the phone all the time, and the case that comes with it is an ugly whitish color that is just repulsive. A cautionary tale: My first BLU phone was the Life XL and I was very happy with it, all the utility of a $600 samsung or apple product at a fraction of the price. Easy to set up and worked very well with my net10 account. I"d still be using it if I hadn't dropped it on cement and made the display go all wonky. The phone still worked just fine, but the screen was too blurry to live with. So I ordered an identical Life XL. Unfortunately that one came loaded with spyware. I filed a complaint with the seller, tojostore, but they refused to respond until I left bad feedback. Then they quickly refunded my money without even asking for the phone back, so they know they were guilty. Lesson learned, always buy just from Amazon, and immediately run a malware checker before putting any contacts or other personal information on the phone!. Was this review helpful to you?. Talk about why you like this review, or ask a question.. Paste the product's web address below:. Only products offered on Amazon can be linked.. In the text of your review, you can link directly to any product offered on Amazon.com. To insert a product link, follow these steps:. Find the product you want to reference on Amazon.com. Copy the web address of the product. Paste the web address in the box. Selecting the item displayed will insert text that looks like this:. When your review is displayed on Amazon.com, this text will be transformed into a hyperlink, like so: Hamlet (The Pelican Shakespeare). You are limited to 10 product links in your review, and your link text may not be longer than 256 characters.. Please write at least one word. You must be in good standing in the Amazon community to post.. Your message will not be posted. Please see our guidelines regarding objectionable content.. You must purchase at least one item from Amazon to post a comment. A problem occurred while submitting your comment. There was a problem loading comments right now. 1.0 out of 5 stars Spyware still. Come on Blu get it together!. By Amazon Customer on March 3, 2017. Still has a security issue,waiting on Blu to respond 3 different malware detection apps,found stuff. Update: sent Blu screenshots of the all the stuff my spyware detection apps found stilllllll waiting for a response. (Update) 3-17-17 received email back from Blu they said their working on a update to fix the data breach, they better, this app Data ghost or data clone has super user permissions and can do whatever the heck it wants. I'm done with Blu forever This BS app even tryed to hide what it's doing. Was this review helpful to you?. Talk about why you like this review, or ask a question.. Paste the product's web address below:. Only products offered on Amazon can be linked.. In the text of your review, you can link directly to any product offered on Amazon.com. To insert a product link, follow these steps:. Find the product you want to reference on Amazon.com. Copy the web address of the product. Paste the web address in the box. Selecting the item displayed will insert text that looks like this:. When your review is displayed on Amazon.com, this text will be transformed into a hyperlink, like so: Hamlet (The Pelican Shakespeare). You are limited to 10 product links in your review, and your link text may not be longer than 256 characters.. Please write at least one word. You must be in good standing in the Amazon community to post.. Your message will not be posted. Please see our guidelines regarding objectionable content.. You must purchase at least one item from Amazon to post a comment. A problem occurred while submitting your comment. There was a problem loading comments right now. 2.0 out of 5 stars Nice phone and Price, but was does the warranty give you?. Okay, I got the phone yesterday (4/4/2017) and was amazed by the stuff that comes with it for the price! Ear buds, phone cover, screen protector, USB 2.0 cord and charger.. It's a nice and sleek looking phone. Has Android 6.0 Marshmallow with it. But I didn't get long enough time to play with it. Why is that? The metal bracket on the SIM card tray fell off! So I contacted Blu about it. Provided them the info they requested and included a picture showing what I was discussing. In case they were not sure. I was told that cause this happened. It was void of warranty! And then told I need to pay to have it repaired! Not even 24 hours old and I need to pay to get it fixed! WTF?!? Then they told me why not just contact Amazon to get a replacement! At least when contacting Amazon, they immediately fixed the issue and shipped out a new phone and took the old one back! But still hard to believe this company refused to fix the issue. Would not believe that their product could have a manufacturer error on it! Something like this, the metal piece coming off the sim card tray should not void the warranty. After all, people need to use it to pull out the sim card to gain access to the memory card one is using also if they want to replace that with a new and better one! I like how the phone looks and the stuff it comes with. But I can not comment on how it is as a device. Maybe when I get the other one I will update this review. So please be warned when buying! It's a shame this company did this! UPDATE! Had it for many months. But I am pissed off with the few updates they did. It was to add spam and spyware! And you can’t remove it! Also still has the Security issues! And was to.d back in April that they would have update to Nougat. And still being told it’s coming! It’s now 2018 and still no update! Just more spam and bloatware to slow it down!. Was this review helpful to you?. Talk about why you like this review, or ask a question.. Paste the product's web address below:. Only products offered on Amazon can be linked.. In the text of your review, you can link directly to any product offered on Amazon.com. To insert a product link, follow these steps:. Find the product you want to reference on Amazon.com. Copy the web address of the product. Paste the web address in the box. Selecting the item displayed will insert text that looks like this:. When your review is displayed on Amazon.com, this text will be transformed into a hyperlink, like so: Hamlet (The Pelican Shakespeare). You are limited to 10 product links in your review, and your link text may not be longer than 256 characters.. Please write at least one word. You must be in good standing in the Amazon community to post.. Your message will not be posted. Please see our guidelines regarding objectionable content.. You must purchase at least one item from Amazon to post a comment. A problem occurred while submitting your comment. There was a problem loading comments right now. 1.0 out of 5 stars Good looking quick phone but don't drop it. By I AM UNICRON on March 26, 2017. The os and speed is ok but do not drop it! I bought this phone for my wife a week ago and my she was carrying it in her hand and bumped the car door and it fell around 2-3 feet to the ground and the screen shattered it was really disappointing for a phone with "gorilla glass 3" the phone is nice looking and pretty quick but if you drop your phone a lot then this isn't the phone for you. it took one drop in my case to become a paper weight. Was this review helpful to you?. Talk about why you like this review, or ask a question.. Paste the product's web address below:. Only products offered on Amazon can be linked.. In the text of your review, you can link directly to any product offered on Amazon.com. To insert a product link, follow these steps:. Find the product you want to reference on Amazon.com. Copy the web address of the product. Paste the web address in the box. Selecting the item displayed will insert text that looks like this:. When your review is displayed on Amazon.com, this text will be transformed into a hyperlink, like so: Hamlet (The Pelican Shakespeare). You are limited to 10 product links in your review, and your link text may not be longer than 256 characters.. Please write at least one word. You must be in good standing in the Amazon community to post.. Your message will not be posted. Please see our guidelines regarding objectionable content.. You must purchase at least one item from Amazon to post a comment. A problem occurred while submitting your comment. There was a problem loading comments right now. 5.0 out of 5 stars Excellent!. By BlvkRosè89 on September 29, 2017. Got it today as described It's very nice, runs smoothly can play games smoothly takes excellent pictures (at least to me it does). The sound quality is perfect, video playback is good it's fast and the storage is not bad just perfect for me. For the people who said that they couldn't see the symmetry on the back of the phone as it was showed/described in the picture I'mma say this...LIES...if you hold it up at an angle literally don't have too, but you clearly can see it. The last and only #1 CON about this phone is yea, its true...that you are not able to use your sd/memory card if you're using 2 sims (the standard sim and or the micro/nano sim) MEANING you won't be able to use sd/memory card if you're using BOTH. For me only using 1 sim (3-in-1sim) i can say it's possible this phone does have dual sim so therefore in other words if you're using 2 sim cards you won't be able to your sd/memory card, BUT if you're using 1 not 2 but only 1 SIM (which is the standard size sim) then yes you ARE able to use your sd/memory card. This is through my knowledge and what I've experienced using BLU Vivo XL2.. Was this review helpful to you?. Talk about why you like this review, or ask a question.. Paste the product's web address below:. Only products offered on Amazon can be linked.. In the text of your review, you can link directly to any product offered on Amazon.com. To insert a product link, follow these steps:. Find the product you want to reference on Amazon.com. Copy the web address of the product. Paste the web address in the box. Selecting the item displayed will insert text that looks like this:. When your review is displayed on Amazon.com, this text will be transformed into a hyperlink, like so: Hamlet (The Pelican Shakespeare). You are limited to 10 product links in your review, and your link text may not be longer than 256 characters.. Please write at least one word. You must be in good standing in the Amazon community to post.. Your message will not be posted. Please see our guidelines regarding objectionable content.. You must purchase at least one item from Amazon to post a comment. A problem occurred while submitting your comment. There was a problem loading comments right now. 5.0 out of 5 stars Love this phone. Has everything I need but as of now it will not charge w/o holding the charging plug down with a book. It is now 3 months old. Just filed the warranty today, after figuring out how to get an invoice to send in to BLU from Amazon. So just go to Amazon and copy and paste to do this. My last one only lasted 6 months, due to moisture collecting on the inside screen and the screen went blank. Very frustrating to hear text messages read aloud from the "Read it to me app" and not being able to respond! Just waiting to hear what they intend on doing for my now broke phone, via phone call or email. It still charges haphazardly, with a dictionary holding down the charging plug into the charging port. This is a new frustration to deal with but I never lose hope. I love this phone and will probably stay with blu as long as they correct this problem VERY soon! You really get a good bang for the buck and I really use my phone a lot. But I am lost without my phone.. Was this review helpful to you?. Talk about why you like this review, or ask a question.. Paste the product's web address below:. Only products offered on Amazon can be linked.. In the text of your review, you can link directly to any product offered on Amazon.com. To insert a product link, follow these steps:. Find the product you want to reference on Amazon.com. Copy the web address of the product. Paste the web address in the box. Selecting the item displayed will insert text that looks like this:. When your review is displayed on Amazon.com, this text will be transformed into a hyperlink, like so: Hamlet (The Pelican Shakespeare). You are limited to 10 product links in your review, and your link text may not be longer than 256 characters.. Please write at least one word. You must be in good standing in the Amazon community to post.. Your message will not be posted. Please see our guidelines regarding objectionable content.. You must purchase at least one item from Amazon to post a comment. A problem occurred while submitting your comment. There was a problem loading comments right now. 5.0 out of 5 stars Good evening I have had the Blu VIVO XL2 for .... By George on September 20, 2017. Good evening I have had the Blu VIVO XL2 for almost three weeks now and I must agree with most of the people on here that this phone is great and for all those who are complaining. this is my third Blu phone in the last 7 years and each phone that I have brought from Amazon was better then the one before. I have owned all the phones from Iphone all the way down to the G-1. it takes a little time to get around and learn it but its fun doing it. and you can buy a AMOR CASE WITH KICK STAND. but as of 9/20/2017 this phone is one of the best buys you can get for your money, Up date It's now the 27rh of September and my Vivo XL2 is working just Beautifully. Has been dropped and with the Amor case didn't have to worry one second. Camera is great and a whole lot of fun. Fast operating I read that the earbuds were no good. Man who ever said is deaf the ear buds sound just great great bass and really high highs. And the mid-range isn't a joke at all. Doesn't stall or slow down at all. And I charge my about every fourteen hours and for those who think that's to Soo. Your nuts I'm on my phone all day long with no breaks. Bottom line you can't get a better phone then this for the price. Thank you BLU for another great one. Was this review helpful to you?. Talk about why you like this review, or ask a question.. Paste the product's web address below:. Only products offered on Amazon can be linked.. In the text of your review, you can link directly to any product offered on Amazon.com. To insert a product link, follow these steps:. Find the product you want to reference on Amazon.com. Copy the web address of the product. Paste the web address in the box. Selecting the item displayed will insert text that looks like this:. When your review is displayed on Amazon.com, this text will be transformed into a hyperlink, like so: Hamlet (The Pelican Shakespeare). You are limited to 10 product links in your review, and your link text may not be longer than 256 characters.. Please write at least one word. You must be in good standing in the Amazon community to post.. Your message will not be posted. Please see our guidelines regarding objectionable content.. You must purchase at least one item from Amazon to post a comment. A problem occurred while submitting your comment. There was a problem loading comments right now. 1.0 out of 5 stars Something has gone wrong. By Lisa on November 12, 2017. Loving this so far...lots of space and working great for me....I have only had it for several days now. My last Blu phone is still working and I had it for 3 years so I am hoping I get better results from this one. I just wanted a newer model. 2018-01-20 Updated review I have had this phone lest than 2 months and I seems to have shut down on me. A wireless update was done last night and from then the phone started to malfunction.....it was working great up to that point. I am so annoyed right now.....who is going to refund me or give me a new phone?.....it costs too much money to send this back from Barbados. I cannot access anything in the phone, make any calls or receive any.....it would not even power off but all I am seeing is a black screen with an orange line surrounding it nothing else......so frustrated....I paid over $400BDS for this phone. My last Blu phone lasted over 3years and is still working but I gave it away.....what am I to do now.. Was this review helpful to you?. Talk about why you like this review, or ask a question.. Paste the product's web address below:. Only products offered on Amazon can be linked.. In the text of your review, you can link directly to any product offered on Amazon.com. To insert a product link, follow these steps:. Find the product you want to reference on Amazon.com. Copy the web address of the product. Paste the web address in the box. Selecting the item displayed will insert text that looks like this:. When your review is displayed on Amazon.com, this text will be transformed into a hyperlink, like so: Hamlet (The Pelican Shakespeare). You are limited to 10 product links in your review, and your link text may not be longer than 256 characters.. Please write at least one word. You must be in good standing in the Amazon community to post.. Your message will not be posted. Please see our guidelines regarding objectionable content.. You must purchase at least one item from Amazon to post a comment. A problem occurred while submitting your comment. There was a problem loading comments right now. ← Previous 1 2 3 4 ... Questions? Get fast answers from reviewers. Please make sure that you are posting in the form of a question.. BLU LIFE ONE X2 - 4G LTE Unlocked Smartphone -64GB+4GB RAM -Rose Gold. 3.2 out of 5 stars 1,523. BLU Studio XL 2 - 6.0" 4G LTE GSM Unlocked Smartphone - 4,900mAh Battery -Gold. 3.3 out of 5 stars 803. BLU VIVO 5 Smartphone -5.5" 4G LTE GSM Unlocked - 32GB +3GB RAM - Gold. 3.4 out of 5 stars 1,238. BLU Vivo XL Smartphone - 5.5" 4G LTE - GSM Unlocked - Solid Gold. 3.3 out of 5 stars 1,702. BLU VIVO 5R Refresh Smartphone - 5.5-Inch Display 4G LTE GSM Unlocked, GOLD. 3.5 out of 5 stars 503. Need customer service? Click here. ‹ See all details for BLU VIVO XL2 - 5.5" 4G LTE GSM Unlocked Smartphone - 32GB+3GB RAM.... There's a problem loading this menu right now.. Get fast, free shipping with Amazon Prime. Prime members enjoy FREE Two-Day Shipping and exclusive access to music, movies, TV shows, original audio series, and Kindle books.. Careers About Amazon Investor Relations Amazon Devices. Sell on Amazon Sell Your Services on Amazon Sell on Amazon Business Sell Your Apps on Amazon Become an Affiliate Advertise Your Products Self-Publish with Us › See all. Amazon Rewards Visa Signature Cards Amazon.com Store Card Amazon.com Corporate Credit Line Shop with Points Credit Card Marketplace Reload Your Balance Amazon Currency Converter. Your Account Your Orders Shipping Rates & Policies Amazon Prime Returns & Replacements Manage Your Content and Devices Amazon Assistant Help. Amazon Music Stream millions of songs. Amazon Drive Cloud storage from Amazon. 6pm Score deals on fashion brands. AbeBooks Books, art & collectibles. ACX Audiobook Publishing Made Easy. Alexa Actionable Analytics for the Web. Amazon Business Everything For Your Business. AmazonFresh Groceries & More Right To Your Door. AmazonGlobal Ship Orders Internationally. Home Services Handpicked Pros Happiness Guarantee. Amazon Inspire Digital Educational Resources. Amazon Rapids Fun stories for kids on the go. Amazon Restaurants Food delivery from local restaurants. Amazon Video Direct Video Distribution Made Easy. Amazon Web Services Scalable Cloud Computing Services. Audible Download Audio Books. AudiobookStand Discount Audiobooks on Disc. Book Depository Books With Free Delivery Worldwide. Box Office Mojo Find Movie Box Office Data. ComiXology Thousands of Digital Comics. CreateSpace Indie Print Publishing Made Easy. DPReview Digital Photography. East Dane Designer Men's Fashion. Fabric Sewing, Quilting & Knitting. Goodreads Book reviews & recommendations. IMDb Movies, TV & Celebrities. IMDbPro Get Info Entertainment Professionals Need. Junglee.com Shop Online in India. Kindle Direct Publishing Indie Digital Publishing Made Easy. Prime Now FREE 2-Hour Delivery on Everyday Items. Prime Photos Unlimited Photo Storage Free With Prime. Shopbop Designer Fashion Brands. TenMarks.com Math Activities for Kids & Schools. Warehouse Deals Open-Box Discounts. Whole Foods Market America’s Healthiest Grocery Store. Withoutabox Submit to Film Festivals. Woot! Deals and Shenanigans. Zappos Shoes & Clothing. Souq.com Shop Online in the Middle East. Subscribe with Amazon Discover & try subscription services. Conditions of Use Privacy Notice Interest-Based Ads © 1996-2018, Amazon.com, Inc. 
Select the department you want to search in. Sign in Account & Lists Sign in Account & Lists Orders Try Prime Cart. Your Amazon.com Today's Deals Gift Cards Registry Sell Help Disability Customer Support. Cell Phones & Accessories Carrier Phones Unlocked Phones Prime Exclusive Phones Accessories Cases Wearable Technology Best Sellers Deals Trade-In All Electronics. has been added to your Cart. Add a Carrier SIM Card for Service Activation:. T-Mobile SIM Starter Kit with Adapter. Cricket BYOD 2.0 Wireless 3-in-1 SIM Card Kit - Pr... 1-Click ordering is not available for this item.. Please enter a valid US zip code.. Please enter a valid US zip code.. Shipping to a APO/FPO/DPO? Please add the address to your address book. Make sure you include the unit and box numbers (if assigned).. Comment: Item will come repackaged.. Fulfillment by Amazon (FBA) is a service we offer sellers that lets them store their products in Amazon's fulfillment centers, and we directly pack, ship, and provide customer service for these products. Something we hope you'll especially enjoy: FBA items qualify for FREE Shipping and Amazon Prime.. If you're a seller, Fulfillment by Amazon can help you increase your sales. learn more about Fulfillment by Amazon. 1-Click ordering is not available for this item.. & FREE Shipping on eligible orders. & FREE Shipping on eligible orders. 1-Year Unlocked Cell Phone Accidental Protection Plan. Coverage for drops, spills and product malfunctions. Free shipping on all repairs with $25 deductible. Cancel anytime, full refund in the first 30 days. SquareTrade Protection Plans are only valid for new products purchased at Amazon within the last 30 days. BLU VIVO XL2 - 5.5" 4G LTE GSM Unlocked Smartphone - 32GB+3GB RAM -Blue. This item at this price, sold by Amazon.com, is currently reserved exclusively for Prime members. Prime free trial and invitee customers: We will automatically apply an Amazon.com Gift Card to your Gift Card Balance in the amount equal to the Prime exclusive discount after you become a paid Prime member. If you cancel your paid Prime membership or return the qualifying smartphone within the first 3 months of your paid Prime membership, we may void your Gift Card or charge you in the amount of the Gift Card. Terms and Conditions apply.. Ships from and sold by Amazon.com.. Aesthetically engraved Micro pattern followed by electrolyzed paint particle to achieved a metallic sunburst effect, captivating 5.5”HD display with IPS technology + Corning Gorilla glass 3. 32GB Internal memory 3GB RAM Micro SD up to 64GB. 13MP Autofocus Main Camera with flash + 8MP front Camera. Cortex 1.4GHz Quad core processor with GPU Mali-T720; built in 3,150Mah battery quick charge, get 100% battery in a lighting speed of 2.5 hours.. 4G LTE, (2/4/7/12/17), 4G HSPA+ (850/1700/1900/2100). GSM Quad band: US compatibility Nationwide on all GSM Networks including AT&T, T-Mobile, Cricket, MetroPCS, Straight Talk, and others. These items are shipped from and sold by different sellers. This item: BLU VIVO XL2 - 5.5" 4G LTE GSM Unlocked Smartphone - 32GB+3GB RAM -Blue $146.99. Ships from and sold by Amazon.com.. BLU Vivo XL2 case,SLMY(TM)[Shock Absorption] Drop Protection Hybrid Dual Layer Armor Protective Case… $7.99. FREE Shipping on orders over $25. [Pack of 2] BLU VIVO XL2 Maximum Protection Screen Protector, Gzerma Shatter-Proof Easy Installation… $6.99. Sold by Gzerma and ships from Amazon Fulfillment.. FREE Shipping on orders over $25. This shopping feature will continue to load items. In order to navigate out of this carousel please use your heading shortcut key to navigate to the next or previous heading.. Customers who viewed this item also viewed. Page 1 of 1 Start over Page 1 of 1. BLU LIFE ONE X2 - 4G LTE Unlocked Smartphone -64GB+4GB RAM -Rose Gold. BLU VIVO 8L - 5.3" 4G LTE Smartphone -32GB + 3GB RAM –Black. BLU PURE XR Smartphone - 4G LTE GSM Unlocked - 64GB +4GB RAM - Grey. BLU VIVO 5R Refresh Smartphone - 5.5-Inch Display 4G LTE GSM Unlocked, GREY. BLU VIVO 5R Refresh Smartphone - 5.5-Inch Display 4G LTE GSM Unlocked, GOLD. BLU Life ONE X2 Mini - 5.0" Unlocked Smartphone -4G LTE - 64GB + 4GB RAM -Rose Gold. This shopping feature will continue to load items. In order to navigate out of this carousel please use your heading shortcut key to navigate to the next or previous heading.. Customers who bought this item also bought. Page 1 of 1 Start over Page 1 of 1. BLU Vivo XL2 case,SLMY(TM)[Shock Absorption] Drop Protection Hybrid Dual Layer Armor Protective Case Cover for BLU Vivo XL2-Black. [Pack of 2] BLU VIVO XL2 Maximum Protection Screen Protector, Gzerma Shatter-Proof Easy Installation Bubble Free Protective Film for BLU VIVO XL2 5.5" Smartphone. Blu Vivo XL2 KICKSTAND Case / Blu Vivo XL 2 Case / Vivo XL2 Case (V0070UU) Cellphone Case, Tough Hybrid Armor Shockproof Dual Layer Drop Protection KICKSTAND Case Cover Case (HD Black on Black). [2-Pack] Supershieldz for BLU VIVO XL2 / XL 2 Tempered Glass Screen Protector, (0.3mm) Anti-Scratch, Anti-Fingerprint, Bubble Free, Lifetime Replacement Warranty. BLU Vivo XL2 case,SLMY(TM)[Shock Absorption] Drop Protection Hybrid Dual Layer Armor Protective Case Cover for BLU Vivo XL2-Rose Gold. BLU VIVO XL2 Case, [Anti Scratch][Drop Proof][Shock Absorption][Hybrid] TPU + PC Case for BLU VIVO XL2 V0070UU (Black). Find answers in product info, Q&As, reviews. Please make sure that you are posting in the form of a question.. Don't see what you're looking for?. There was a problem completing your request. Please try your search again later.. Engraved micro pattern onto the battery cover followed by electrolyzed paint particle to achieve a metallic sunburst effect that is both eye catching and aesthetically pleasing. The curved glass display compliments the already premium finished smartphone. Captivating 5.5” HD display with BLU Infinite View (IPS) display will provide an impressive view from any angle.. Incorporating the highest-grade material curved glass touch panel with color match finish ensures excellent feedback and feel, as well as a gorgeous look.. Corning Gorilla Glass 3 provides Native Damage Resistance protection, which offers an extra layer of armor to protect it from scratches and cracks.. With its large built-in 3,150 mAh battery, the Vivo XL2 can handle all the tasks that you throw at it daily. With state of the art hardware and software, the battery will last you up to 30% more than the Vivo XL. Also, there is Quick Charge capability that will fully charge the battery in a lightning speed of 2.5 hours.. With its MediaTek 6737T chipset and 1.5GHz Quad Core processor, watch all your favorite fast paced movies and never miss a beat with the lightning fast Mali-T720 GPU.. BLU Valencia CF VIP Experience Global Giveaway. Purchase any 2017 BLU Smartphone for your chance to win a trip of a lifetime!. Three grand prize winners and a guest each gets an all-expense paid trip to Valencia, Spain for 5 days. You and your guest will also get to attend the Valencia CF vs Real Madrid game while enjoying the match from BLU’s VIP BOX plus a meet & greet with Valencia players in Mestalla Stadium on January 28th 2018!. Camera performance has been perfected with several software enhancements and features including HDF, Mood Photo, Panorama, Smart Scene and more. A 13MP main camera with f2.0 Aperture, 4P lens and phase Detection Auto Focus (PDAF) that captures focus in three tenth of a second. In the front is a 8MP wide-angle camera, for quality selfie experience, and software features such as Face Beautification. Record life’s most important moments at 1080p HD video resolution.. 0.3 x 6.1 x 3 in. 0.2 x 6.1 x 2.9 in. 0.3 x 5.9 x 2.9 in. 0.3 x 6.4 x 3.2 in. 0.4 x 6 x 3 in. 0.4 x 5.9 x 2.9 in. BLU VIVO XL2 - 5.5" 4G LTE GSM Unlocked Smartphone - 32GB+3GB RAM -Blue. BLU LIFE ONE X2 - 4G LTE Unlocked Smartphone -64GB+4GB RAM -Rose Gold. BLU VIVO 5R Refresh Smartphone - 5.5-Inch Display 4G LTE GSM Unlocked, GOLD. BLU Studio XL 2 - 6.0" 4G LTE GSM Unlocked Smartphone - 4,900mAh Battery -Gold. BLU R2 PLUS – 4G LTE 5.5” Full HD Unlocked Smartphone – 32GB + 3GB RAM -Black. BLU R1 Plus - 4G LTE Unlocked Smartphone - 32GB + 3GB RAM -Black. The vivo XL 2 features a stunning design and State of the art tooling technology which engraves a micro pattern onto the battery Cover, Followed by electrolyzed paint particle to achieve a metallic Sunburst effect that is both Eye catching and aesthetically pleasing to the user. The beautiful crafted curved glass display compliments the already premium finished smartphone. 6.1 x 0.3 x 3 inches. 1.05 pounds ( View shipping rates and policies ). #9,758 in Cell Phones & Accessories ( See Top 100 in Cell Phones & Accessories ). #162 in Cell Phones & Accessories > Unlocked Cell Phones. Product Warranty: For warranty information about this product, please. If you are a seller for this product, would you like to suggest updates through seller support ?. Would you like to tell us about a lower price ?. 5 star 45% 4 star 15% 3 star 11% 2 star 9% 1 star 20%. Share your thoughts with other customers. There was a problem filtering reviews right now. 5.0 out of 5 stars ABOUT FREAKING TIME!!!! UPDATED POST!!. Over the years, I've tried maybe 6 Blu phones. All of them looked amazing, but we laggy to the point it drove me nuts and if take them back. I just got the Vivo XL2 and I'm absolutely happy with this phone. It's freaking stylish as usual, but it has tons of bells and whistles like a more expensive phone, and so far it works amazingly well. I can't believe how nice this phone is for the price. And ignore the 64 gig SD card limitation. It took my 128 gig no problem at all. LOVE MY NEW PHONE!!! If Blu keeps this up, I'll keep buying Blu. I've had it for a week now and I still love it. I failed to mention that this has quick charge, and comes with a case and arrives with a screen protector on the phone, with no bubbles or junk under the film. It also comes with an extra screen protector. I can't say how much I love this phone for the price paid. Was this review helpful to you?. 5.0 out of 5 stars Open Honest Review. People love to get a new phone and, while riding that new tech high, get on Amazon and shout "BEST PHONE EVER" when obviously it's not. Here is my open honest list view of the Pros and Cons of this phone. Pros: Price: Even at the suggested retail of 149 usd, this phone out performs the price tag Build quality: Built like a 700 usd flagship device. Manages to look both beautiful & professional Call quality : Perfect, which means it does what a phone is supposed to do Screen: at 720p its NOT as nice as an iPhone or Pixel, but it does look amazing on the 5.5 inch screen Antenna: Most forgotten feature of reviews... This phone has service in the basement of the hospital I work at, on both on Tmobile AND AT&T. Having duel Sims, I decided to put in both my personal and work sim cards in the phone. The Sony Xperia M5 Ultra I had before this got zero service for most parts of the basement. This Vivo XL2 has at least 2 bars of 4g lte service through out the entire basement. Same sim cards, same Radio bands supported, and yet only this phone gets signal. Sound: loud and crisp, even with a back firing speaker. I'd prefer a front facing speaker, but oh well. Camera, both front and back: Great cameras for 149 usd.... So comparing the pictures to your iPhone or Galaxy s6 or Pixel pictures your gonna be disappointed most of the time. However, snap a pic in good lighting, share it to Facebook or Instagram, and you would be surprised how nice they look. Battery: true 5 and 1/2 hours of screen-on time which is absolutely amazing. However, though they claim its quick charging, it's really not. 2 hours to fully charge from 25% isn't standard quick charge, it's actually "not slow" charging at best.. Not many phones have it anymore, but it's nice to be able to mess with the TVs at the hospital. It's entertaining changing the channel from Fox News to MSNBC, or vice versa, just to watch the brainwashed receptionists mind explode when someone actually disagrees with their world view. CONS: Skin/software: Though its running Android 6.01 you'd be hard pressed to notice. The skin Blu decided to use makes it look and feel like a bunch of 16 year old kids tweaked it to something they thought looked "cool". Easy fix, use Nova or Google Now launcher and all is forgiven. Can't use duel sim and a MicroSD card at the same time. Though the memory and ram upgrade (32gbs and 3gbs respectively) are more than enough for me, adding a 64 gb card will mean only using one sim card. As one slot is for a card or a sim.... It's not just this phone, but this is the one Im reviewing. Can't use a lot of the new instant pay service without one. Though at the 119 usd I paid for it, I can't complain to much. It's basically a phone on par with most flagship devices at a 1/4 of the price. I always buy unlocked carrier free versions of the phones I use as my daily driver. The Vivo XL2 is without a doubt the best value I have ever gotten in a cell phone. Is it the best phone ever?? Of course not. Even Blu themselves sell better all around devices. HOWEVER, the XL2 may indeed be the best 149 dollar smart phone available as of March 2017.. Was this review helpful to you?. 1.0 out of 5 stars Update - don't waste your money! A pretty solid four stars. Update seven months in: I've had to go from four stars to just one. The phone worked well for about six months, though the shiny slippery back is very annoying. But for the last month the phone has been almost unusable, and today it's become basically a brick. People who call me say they get busy signals. It will be normal, and then suddenly the app I'm using closes and the screen quickly flips through all the pages and then freezes on the add widget page. This happens when I'm just sitting there reading a Kindle book, typing a reply to a text, or browsing the web. The phone will also suddenly refuse to accept input on the touch screen, or will shut down the keyboard when I'm typing. I'll get a text, try to answer it, and the phone will shut down. It's like it's gone insane or something. I've tried everything, factory reset, all the updates, and even tried to get help from BLU. All of my attempts to contact them were ignored. Now I have to go out and try yet again to buy another phone! I've had it with BLU and no longer recommend it. I expect to get more than six months out of a phone!!! In the box : phone, charger, wall adapter, headphones, screen protector, and silicone case. Phone also had a screen protector already installed. This is my third BLU phone. I'm disappointed that this one has a sealed battery, and if you do need two SIM cards, you can't use a SD card. There are only two slots, instead of three. The fancy back that they make sound so awesome is anything but; it's not even really blue or shiny except in the brightest sunlight, and the surface is so slippery that the phone is hard to hold on to, and takes every opportunity to slide off the arm of the chair, the desktop, the nightstand, the dashboard, or anywhere else you might want to set it down. It also has a few more quirks than my other BLUs and was a little cranky over getting my favorite apps customized. As much as the phone is an obvious attempt at an iphone clone, it doesn't seem to have as good an antenna as the iphone. Meetings in an interior room in a large building mean I have no signal but I can hear coworkers phones getting texts. That's not a huge deal for me as those meetings are only once a month and otherwise the signal is pretty reliable, and I didn't pay anywhere near $600 for the name brand. On the plus side, it does have plenty of onboard memory and readily connected with my net10 SIM card. Apps work quickly, music sounds pretty good, and calls are clear. Just make sure you order a nice case when you order the phone, otherwise you'll be dropping the phone all the time, and the case that comes with it is an ugly whitish color that is just repulsive. A cautionary tale: My first BLU phone was the Life XL and I was very happy with it, all the utility of a $600 samsung or apple product at a fraction of the price. Easy to set up and worked very well with my net10 account. I"d still be using it if I hadn't dropped it on cement and made the display go all wonky. The phone still worked just fine, but the screen was too blurry to live with. So I ordered an identical Life XL. Unfortunately that one came loaded with spyware. I filed a complaint with the seller, tojostore, but they refused to respond until I left bad feedback. Then they quickly refunded my money without even asking for the phone back, so they know they were guilty. Lesson learned, always buy just from Amazon, and immediately run a malware checker before putting any contacts or other personal information on the phone!. Was this review helpful to you?. 1.0 out of 5 stars Spyware still. Come on Blu get it together!. Still has a security issue,waiting on Blu to respond 3 different malware detection apps,found stuff. Update: sent Blu screenshots of the all the stuff my spyware detection apps found stilllllll waiting for a response. (Update) 3-17-17 received email back from Blu they said their working on a update to fix the data breach, they better, this app Data ghost or data clone has super user permissions and can do whatever the heck it wants. I'm done with Blu forever This BS app even tryed to hide what it's doing. Was this review helpful to you?. 5.0 out of 5 stars Five Stars. It worked fine for a few months and after that the touch screen started to do whatever it wanted. 1.0 out of 5 stars Big touchscreen and bluetooth issues. 4.0 out of 5 stars Four Stars. Decent phone for on the cheap side, but after 3 months, the phone has a glitch, turns itself off, shuts down whatever you're doing on it, I can't send it back due to it being... 3.0 out of 5 stars Decent phone for on the cheap side, but after .... 4.0 out of 5 stars Four Stars. 5.0 out of 5 stars Five Stars. Love this phone which is exactly like a Samsung right down to the toughness of the case, gorilla glass and inner software. 5.0 out of 5 stars A Great Smartphone!!. It didn't hold up at all. I had problems getting it to charge for a while and now it won't charge or turn on, I bought a new charger and still not able to charge the phone. 1.0 out of 5 stars Phone will not charge. This phone started acting up in less of a month of purchase.. almost immediately the volume started to mess up. It was on the highest volume and I could not hear anything.. 1.0 out of 5 stars Almost immediately stopped functioning properly. 5.0 out of 5 stars Five Stars. Amazon Giveaway allows you to run promotional giveaways in order to create buzz, reward your audience, and attract new followers and customers. This item: BLU VIVO XL2 - 5.5" 4G LTE GSM Unlocked Smartphone - 32GB+3GB RAM -Blue. What other items do customers buy after viewing this item?. BLU Life One X3 – 4G LTE Unlocked Smartphone with 5,000mAh Monster Battery -Black. BLU LIFE ONE X2 - 4G LTE Unlocked Smartphone -64GB+4GB RAM -Rose Gold. BLU VIVO 8L - 5.3" 4G LTE Smartphone -32GB + 3GB RAM –Black. BLU VIVO 5 Smartphone -5.5" 4G LTE GSM Unlocked - 32GB +3GB RAM - Silver. See and discover other items: vivo mobile , google phone accessories , android straight talk phones , cricket lte phones , Vivo Mobile Phones , straight talk phone cards. There's a problem loading this menu right now.. Get fast, free shipping with Amazon Prime. Prime members enjoy FREE Two-Day Shipping and exclusive access to music, movies, TV shows, original audio series, and Kindle books.. Careers About Amazon Investor Relations Amazon Devices. Sell on Amazon Sell Your Services on Amazon Sell on Amazon Business Sell Your Apps on Amazon Become an Affiliate Advertise Your Products Self-Publish with Us › See all. Amazon Rewards Visa Signature Cards Amazon.com Store Card Amazon.com Corporate Credit Line Shop with Points Credit Card Marketplace Reload Your Balance Amazon Currency Converter. Your Account Your Orders Shipping Rates & Policies Amazon Prime Returns & Replacements Manage Your Content and Devices Amazon Assistant Help. Amazon Music Stream millions of songs. Amazon Drive Cloud storage from Amazon. 6pm Score deals on fashion brands. AbeBooks Books, art & collectibles. ACX Audiobook Publishing Made Easy. Alexa Actionable Analytics for the Web. Amazon Business Everything For Your Business. AmazonFresh Groceries & More Right To Your Door. AmazonGlobal Ship Orders Internationally. Home Services Handpicked Pros Happiness Guarantee. Amazon Inspire Digital Educational Resources. Amazon Rapids Fun stories for kids on the go. Amazon Restaurants Food delivery from local restaurants. Amazon Video Direct Video Distribution Made Easy. Amazon Web Services Scalable Cloud Computing Services. Audible Download Audio Books. AudiobookStand Discount Audiobooks on Disc. Book Depository Books With Free Delivery Worldwide. Box Office Mojo Find Movie Box Office Data. ComiXology Thousands of Digital Comics. CreateSpace Indie Print Publishing Made Easy. DPReview Digital Photography. East Dane Designer Men's Fashion. Fabric Sewing, Quilting & Knitting. Goodreads Book reviews & recommendations. IMDb Movies, TV & Celebrities. IMDbPro Get Info Entertainment Professionals Need. Junglee.com Shop Online in India. Kindle Direct Publishing Indie Digital Publishing Made Easy. Prime Now FREE 2-Hour Delivery on Everyday Items. Prime Photos Unlimited Photo Storage Free With Prime. Shopbop Designer Fashion Brands. TenMarks.com Math Activities for Kids & Schools. Warehouse Deals Open-Box Discounts. Whole Foods Market America’s Healthiest Grocery Store. Withoutabox Submit to Film Festivals. Woot! Deals and Shenanigans. Zappos Shoes & Clothing. Souq.com Shop Online in the Middle East. Subscribe with Amazon Discover & try subscription services. Conditions of Use Privacy Notice Interest-Based Ads © 1996-2018, Amazon.com, Inc. 
The next video is starting stop. BLU Vivo XL2 Unboxing and First Impressions. Want to watch this again later?. Sign in to add this video to a playlist.. Sign in to report inappropriate content.. Sign in to make your opinion count.. Sign in to make your opinion count.. The interactive transcript could not be loaded.. Rating is available when the video has been rented.. This feature is not available right now. BLU has officially launched its latest budget smartphone, the Vivo XL2. It features a 5.5-inch 1280x720 display with Corning Gorilla Glass 3, quad-core MediaTek 6737T processor with 3GB RAM, 13MP rear camera, 8MP selfie camera, 32GB internal storage, 4G LTE, 3150mAh battery with quick charging and a premium sunburst mirror pattern design. For $150 off-contract, do you think the Vivo XL2 is worth it? BLU Vivo XL2 on Amazon ($50 off for a limited time): http://amzn.to/2jY5ihh BLU Life Max: http://amzn.to/2jQ9CwE Note: The $50-off deal will begin at 11:00am EST and will last for only 6 hours. Check out Beau HD's personal channel: http://goo.gl/E5iM4N PhoneDog: http://www.PhoneDog.com Twitter: http://twitter.com/PhoneDog Facebook: https://www.facebook.com/phonedog Google Plus: https://plus.google.com/+phonedog Instagram: http://instagram.com/phonedog. When autoplay is enabled, a suggested video will automatically play next.. The MOST Underrated Android Phone // BLU Pure XR. The Super Smartphone You've Never Heard Of.... The Android Phone Everyone Should Buy! - BLU VIVO 5. Blu Vivo 6 Unboxing and Hands-on Review. Blu Vivo XL - The Golden Budget Android Phone!. Top 8 Best BUDGET Phones 2017. Blu Vivo 5R Unboxing and First Impressions - $200. BLU Vivo XL2 📲 Smartphone Unboxing /first impressions. Average North Korean vs the Average South Korean - People Comparison. BLU VIVO XL2 Diseño y Rendimiento en Gama Media. How to Learn Faster with the Feynman Technique (Example Included). BLU Vivo 5 vs Samsung Galaxy S7 Edge, What Does $500 More Get You?. BLU R2 LTE (16 + 2GB) | Unboxing & First Impressions. LG 38-inch Curved UltraWide Monitor: Unboxing & Review. $50 Smartphone Review: BLU R1 HD by Amazon. BLU Life Max Unboxing and First Impressions. Sign in to add this to Watch Later. 
Hi! Get more out of Walmart.com. Stretch your tax refund FREE Grocery Pickup See All Departments. Reorder Items Pickup Today Track Order Your Account Store Finder. Shop Electronics Smart Home Wearable Tech Cameras & Camcorders Walmart for Business Video Games. Shop all TV & Video TVs DVD & Blu-ray Players Home Audio & Theater TV Accessories. Shop all Cell Phones Straight Talk Phones Unlocked Phones Contract Phones No-Contract Phones Prepaid Minutes & Data Cases & Accessories. Shop all iPad & Tablets iPad Windows Tablets Android Tablets Accessories. Shop all Computers Laptops Desktops PC Gaming Printers & Supplies Networking Software Monitors Accessories. Shop all Auto Electronics GPS & Navigation. Shop all Portable Audio iPod & MP3 Players Headphones Speakers & Docks. Shop all Office Supplies Office Electronics School Supplies. Star Wars Marvel: Avengers Musical Instruments Computer Software. Shop all Movies & TV 2-Day Shipping Action & Adventure Blu-ray Discs Boxed Sets Children & Family Instawatch Movie DVDs New Releases Preorders TV Shows. Shop all Music 2-Day Shipping Music Gift Cards Country Music Soundtracks Vinyl New Releases Pop R&B / Soul Rock Top 100 CDs. Shop all Books Deals in books Preorders New Releases Biographies & Memoirs Children's Books Christian Books & Bibles Cookbooks, Food & Wine Comics & Graphic Novels Crafts & Hobbies Humor Literature & Fiction Health and Wellness Teen & Young Adult. Shop all Shop By Room Living Room Bedroom Bathroom Dining Room Kitchen Kids' Room Teens' Room Patio Entryway Office. Shop all Shop By Category Appliances Bath Bedding Furniture Home Decor Kids’ Bedding Kids’ Furniture Kitchen & Dining Lighting Mattresses Patio & Garden Rugs Storage & Organization Vacuums & Floor Care Window Coverings. Shop all Brand Shops KitchenAid Better Homes and Gardens The Pioneer Woman Mainstays. Shop all Specialty Shops Home Gift Guide Back to College Shop by Style. Shop All Home Improvement Bathroom Renovations Kitchen Renovations Water Purification Generators Garage & Storage. Shop all Air Quality Dehumidifiers Humidifiers. Shop all Tools Power Tools Hand Tools. Shop all Heating & Cooling Heaters Fireplaces Stoves. Shop all Paint Interior & Exterior Paint Ladders. Shop all Patio & Garden Patio Furniture Patio & Outdoor Decor Sheds & Outdoor Storage Outdoor Shade Grills & Outdoor Cooking Outdoor Heating Swimming Pools Hot Tubs & Saunas. Shop all Garden Center Outdoor Power Equipment Landscaping Pots & Planters. Shop all Industrial & Scientific Janitorial & Sanitation Supplies Food Service Equipment. Shop All Clothing Intimates & Sleepwear All Shoes Boys' Girls' Swim Shop Spring Fashion Activewear Shop School Uniforms Precious Metals Bags & Accessories Luggage Sleepwear Shop Premium Beauty Fashion Brands Clearance & More. Shop all Women's Women's Plus Juniors' Maternity Women's Shoes. Shop all Jewelry Wedding & Engagement Watches Fine Jewelry Fashion Jewelry Personalized Jewelry. Shop all Men's Men's Big & Tall Young Men's Men's Shoes Men's Jewelry. Shop all Baby & Toddlers' Baby Girl Baby Boy Toddler Girl Toddler Boy Baby & Kids' Shoes. Shop All Baby Baby Deals Parent's Choice Britax Premium Brands Restock Shop Baby Registry Baby Box Strollers Car Seats Baby & Toddler Clothing. Shop all Diapering & Potty Diapers Wipes Diaper Bags. Shop all Feeding Breast Feeding Bottle Feeding Baby Formula Baby Food Toddler Feeding Bibs & Burp Cloths. Shop all Nursery & Décor Cribs Furniture Bedding Décor. Shop all Toddler Room Furniture Bedding. Shop all Play & Travel Gear Playstations & Walkers Playards Swings Carriers & Wraps Baby & Toddler Toys. Shop all Health & Safety Bath Baby Gates Baby Monitors Baby Care. Toys Savings Musical Instruments Boys' Toys Girls' Toys Xbox One X Retro Gaming. Shop all Toys Action Figures Dolls & Dollhouses Cars, Drones & RC LEGO & Building Sets Pretend Play Arts & Crafts Electronics for Kids Learning Toys Nerf & Blasters Stuffed Animals & Plush Games & Puzzles. Shop all Bikes & Ride-Ons Kids' Bikes Ride-On Toys Hoverboards. Shop all Outdoor Play Swing Sets Trampolines. Shop all Shop by Age Preschool 5-7 8-11 12+. Shop all Video Games Virtual Reality New Releases PlayStation 4 Xbox One Nintendo Switch Accessories Digital Gaming Nintendo 3DS / 2DS Nintendo Wii U / Wii PlayStation VR Preorders Used Games. Restock Shop Fresh Flowers Meal Kits & Specialty Food Boxes Grocery Pickup & Delivery. Shop all Shop All Food Coffee Beverages Snacks & Cookies Breakfast & Cereal Meals Condiments Pasta Candy & Gum Soups Canned Goods Emergency Food Baking Center International Food. Shop all Household Essentials Laundry Room Kitchen Bathroom Paper & Plastic Cleaning Supplies Air Fresheners Batteries Pest Control As Seen On TV Light Bulbs. Shop all Shop All Pets Cats Dogs Fish Small Animals Birds Equine Reptiles. Shop all Clearance & Rollbacks Food Household Essentials Pets. Shop all Beauty Makeup Skin Care Fragrances Beauty Tools Hair Care Premium Beauty. Shop all Brands We Love Flower Culturelle OralB Braun ReliOn. Shop all Personal Care Feminine Care Incontinence. Shop all Shave Electric Shavers Razors. Shop all Oral Care Electric Toothbrushes Water Flossers. Shop all Bath & Body Lotions Body Wash. Shop all Vision Center Prescription Eyewear Contact Lenses. Shop all Health Medicine Cabinet Cold, Cough and Flu Digestive Health Home Health Care Diabetes Management. Shop all Wellness Supplements Protein & Fitness Weight Management Aromatherapy. Shop all Pharmacy Refill Prescriptions Transfer Prescriptions. Shop All Sports Outdoor Sports Emergency Prep Ozark Trail Hunting Trampolines Game Room Basketball Sports Fanshop. Shop all Camping Tents Airbeds Canopies & Shelters. Shop all Fishing Rod & Reel Combos. Shop all Boats & Water Sports Canoes, Kayaks & Boats. Shop all Recreation Bikes Lawn Games Air Soft Air Guns Golf. Shop all Team Sports Baseball & Softball Football. Shop all Exercise & Fitness Boxing Mixed Martial Arts. Shop all Exercise Machines Treadmills Bikes Ellipticals Home Gyms. Shop all Strength and Weight Training Fitness Accessories Ab & Core Toners. Shop All Auto Tires Batteries & Accessories Diagnostic Tools Auto Paint & Accessories Auto Interior Auto Exterior Windshield Wipers Motorcycles & ATVs RV Parts & Accessories Auto Detailing & Car Care Auto Services. Shop all Oils & Fluids Motor Oil Antifreeze & Coolants Transmission, Brake, & Steering Fluids. Shop all Automotive Tools & Equipment Car Battery Chargers & Accessories. Shop all Auto Electronics Car DVD & Video Car Stereos Car Speakers & Subwoofers Power Inverters Dash Cams. Shop all Auto Body Repair Auto Repair Tools. Shop all Auto Replacement Parts Oil Filters Engine Air Filters Spark Plugs Brake Parts. Shop all Photo Center Available Same Day Blankets Calendars Canvas & Wall Art Cards & Invitations Home Decor & Gifts Jewelry & Clothing Mugs Office Phone Cases Photo Books Pillows Posters Prints. Shop all Personalized Shop Easter Rollbacks & Clearance Wedding Invitations Wedding Sweepstakes Graduation Home Decor Clothing & Accessories Bedding & Bath Kitchen & Dining Kids Character Shop. Shop all Personalized Jewelry Rings Necklaces Class Rings. Shop all Gift Cards Mail a Gift Card Email a Gift Card Specialty Gift Cards Check Card Balances Corporate Gift Card Program. Shop all Gift Registry Baby Registry Wedding Registry Lists. Craft Tips & Ideas Costumes & Dress Up Party Ideas & Recipes Christmas Decor Savings Birthday Shop Wedding Shop Valentine's Day Plush. Shop all Arts, Crafts & Sewing Art & Drawing Supplies Beading & Jewelry Crafting Die Cutting Machines Sewing Fabric Scrapbooking Supplies Artificial Plants & Flowers Knitting & Crochet Yarn Craft Furniture & Storage. Shop all Party & Occasions Baking & Pastry Supplies Balloons Cards & Invitations Disposable Tableware Giftwrap & Supplies Party Decorations Party Favors Pinatas. Shop all Party Themes Themed Party Sets Anniversary Baby Shower Halloween Christmas Decor. Stretch your tax refund FREE Grocery Pickup Electronics & Office Movies, Music & Books Home, Furniture & Appliances Home Improvement & Patio Clothing, Shoes & Jewelry Baby & Toddler Toys & Video Games Food, Household & Pets Pharmacy, Health & Beauty Sports, Fitness & Outdoors Auto & Tires Photo & Personalized Shop Sewing, Crafts & Party Supplies See All Departments. Baby Registry Wedding Registry Classroom Supplies. TV & Video TVs DVD & Blu-ray Players Home Audio & Theater TV Accessories. Cell Phones Straight Talk Phones Unlocked Phones Contract Phones No-Contract Phones Prepaid Minutes & Data Cases & Accessories. iPad & Tablets iPad Windows Tablets Android Tablets Accessories. Computers Laptops Desktops PC Gaming Printers & Supplies Networking Software Monitors Accessories. Portable Audio iPod & MP3 Players Headphones Speakers & Docks. Office Supplies Office Electronics School Supplies. Movies & TV 2-Day Shipping Action & Adventure Blu-ray Discs Boxed Sets Children & Family Instawatch Movie DVDs New Releases Preorders TV Shows. Music 2-Day Shipping Music Gift Cards Country Music Soundtracks Vinyl New Releases Pop R&B / Soul Rock Top 100 CDs. Books Deals in books Preorders New Releases Biographies & Memoirs Children's Books Christian Books & Bibles Cookbooks, Food & Wine Comics & Graphic Novels Crafts & Hobbies Humor Literature & Fiction Health and Wellness Teen & Young Adult. Shop By Room Living Room Bedroom Bathroom Dining Room Kitchen Kids' Room Teens' Room Patio Entryway Office. Shop By Category Appliances Bath Bedding Furniture Home Decor Kids’ Bedding Kids’ Furniture Kitchen & Dining Lighting Mattresses Patio & Garden Rugs Storage & Organization Vacuums & Floor Care Window Coverings. Brand Shops KitchenAid Better Homes and Gardens The Pioneer Woman Mainstays. Specialty Shops Home Gift Guide Back to College Shop by Style. Industrial & Scientific Janitorial & Sanitation Supplies Food Service Equipment. Heating & Cooling Heaters Fireplaces Stoves. Paint Interior & Exterior Paint Ladders. Patio & Garden Patio Furniture Patio & Outdoor Decor Sheds & Outdoor Storage Outdoor Shade Grills & Outdoor Cooking Outdoor Heating Swimming Pools Hot Tubs & Saunas. Garden Center Outdoor Power Equipment Landscaping Pots & Planters. Women's Women's Plus Juniors' Maternity Women's Shoes. Jewelry Wedding & Engagement Watches Fine Jewelry Fashion Jewelry Personalized Jewelry. Men's Men's Big & Tall Young Men's Men's Shoes Men's Jewelry. Baby & Toddlers' Baby Girl Baby Boy Toddler Girl Toddler Boy Baby & Kids' Shoes. Diapering & Potty Diapers Wipes Diaper Bags. Feeding Breast Feeding Bottle Feeding Baby Formula Baby Food Toddler Feeding Bibs & Burp Cloths. Nursery & Décor Cribs Furniture Bedding Décor. Play & Travel Gear Playstations & Walkers Playards Swings Carriers & Wraps Baby & Toddler Toys. Health & Safety Bath Baby Gates Baby Monitors Baby Care. Toys Action Figures Dolls & Dollhouses Cars, Drones & RC LEGO & Building Sets Pretend Play Arts & Crafts Electronics for Kids Learning Toys Nerf & Blasters Stuffed Animals & Plush Games & Puzzles. Bikes & Ride-Ons Kids' Bikes Ride-On Toys Hoverboards. Shop by Age Preschool 5-7 8-11 12+. Video Games Virtual Reality New Releases PlayStation 4 Xbox One Nintendo Switch Accessories Digital Gaming Nintendo 3DS / 2DS Nintendo Wii U / Wii PlayStation VR Preorders Used Games. Shop All Food Coffee Beverages Snacks & Cookies Breakfast & Cereal Meals Condiments Pasta Candy & Gum Soups Canned Goods Emergency Food Baking Center International Food. Household Essentials Laundry Room Kitchen Bathroom Paper & Plastic Cleaning Supplies Air Fresheners Batteries Pest Control As Seen On TV Light Bulbs. Meal Kits & Specialty Food Boxes. Shop All Pets Cats Dogs Fish Small Animals Birds Equine Reptiles. Clearance & Rollbacks Food Household Essentials Pets. Beauty Makeup Skin Care Fragrances Beauty Tools Hair Care Premium Beauty. Brands We Love Flower Culturelle OralB Braun ReliOn. Oral Care Electric Toothbrushes Water Flossers. Bath & Body Lotions Body Wash. Vision Center Prescription Eyewear Contact Lenses. Health Medicine Cabinet Cold, Cough and Flu Digestive Health Home Health Care Diabetes Management. Wellness Supplements Protein & Fitness Weight Management Aromatherapy. Camping Tents Airbeds Canopies & Shelters. Fishing Rod & Reel Combos. Boats & Water Sports Canoes, Kayaks & Boats. Recreation Bikes Lawn Games Air Soft Air Guns Golf. Team Sports Baseball & Softball Football. Exercise & Fitness Boxing Mixed Martial Arts. Exercise Machines Treadmills Bikes Ellipticals Home Gyms. Strength and Weight Training Fitness Accessories Ab & Core Toners. Oils & Fluids Motor Oil Antifreeze & Coolants Transmission, Brake, & Steering Fluids. Automotive Tools & Equipment Car Battery Chargers & Accessories. Auto Electronics Car DVD & Video Car Stereos Car Speakers & Subwoofers Power Inverters Dash Cams. Auto Body Repair Auto Repair Tools. Auto Replacement Parts Oil Filters Engine Air Filters Spark Plugs Brake Parts. Photo Center Available Same Day Blankets Calendars Canvas & Wall Art Cards & Invitations Home Decor & Gifts Jewelry & Clothing Mugs Office Phone Cases Photo Books Pillows Posters Prints. Personalized Shop Easter Rollbacks & Clearance Wedding Invitations Wedding Sweepstakes Graduation Home Decor Clothing & Accessories Bedding & Bath Kitchen & Dining Kids Character Shop. Personalized Jewelry Rings Necklaces Class Rings. Gift Cards Mail a Gift Card Email a Gift Card Specialty Gift Cards Check Card Balances Corporate Gift Card Program. Gift Registry Baby Registry Wedding Registry Lists. Arts, Crafts & Sewing Art & Drawing Supplies Beading & Jewelry Crafting Die Cutting Machines Sewing Fabric Scrapbooking Supplies Artificial Plants & Flowers Knitting & Crochet Yarn Craft Furniture & Storage. Party & Occasions Baking & Pastry Supplies Balloons Cards & Invitations Disposable Tableware Giftwrap & Supplies Party Decorations Party Favors Pinatas. Party Themes Themed Party Sets Anniversary Baby Shower Halloween Christmas Decor. All Departments Auto & Tires Baby Beauty Books Cell Phones Clothing Electronics Food. Gifts & Registry Health Home Home Improvement Household Essentials Jewelry Movies Music Office. Party & Occasions Patio & Garden Pets Pharmacy Photo Center Sports & Outdoors Toys Video Games. FREE Grocery Pickup FREE 2-Day Shipping Shop smart with our app Get your flu shot today Stretch your tax refund. FREE Grocery Pickup FREE 2-Day Shipping Shop smart with our app Get your flu shot today Stretch your tax refund. Pickup Today Grocery Pickup Weekly Ads Credit Card Track Order. Cell Phones Accessories Cases & Protectors. Blu Vivo XL2 Case / Blu Vivo XL 2 Case / Vivo XL2 Case (V0070UU) Wallet Cellphone Case, PU Leather [Card Slot][Flip][Wallet][Cash pocket] Case Cover (WC Black). Average rating: out of 5 stars, based on reviews Write a review ratings. This button opens a dialog that displays additional images for this product with the option to zoom in or out.. For BLU Vivo XL2 / / BLU Vivo XL 2 / BLU Vivo XL2 V0070UU. All Ports and Bottoms Easily Accessible. Protecting your phone from Scratches, fingerprints, dust,abrasions etc. Made of durable high-grade environment-friendly material. Anti-slip grip with a soft,more comfortab. Tell us if something is incorrect. This item is no longer available. We're unable to show you buying options for this item.. Tell us if something is incorrect. For BLU Vivo XL2 / / BLU Vivo XL 2 / BLU Vivo XL2 V0070UU. All Ports and Bottoms Easily Accessible. Protecting your phone from Scratches, fingerprints, dust,abrasions etc. Made of durable high-grade environment-friendly material. Anti-slip grip with a soft,more comfortab. Get specific details about this product from customers who own it.. Be the first to review this item!. Average rating: 0 out of 5 stars, based on reviews. See any care plans, options and policies that may be associated with this product.. Electrode, Comp-283036217, DC-prod-dfw8, ENV-prod-a, PROF-PROD, VER-21.17.3-rc-1, SHA-c37438843926f3cccffc1b3ed5e62a5a7012bec8, CID-. Help Feedback MoneyCenter Privacy & Security CA Privacy Rights Terms of Use. See All Services Walmart MoneyCenter Walmart Credit Card Product Care Plans Walmart Pay. About Walmart.com Corporate Suppliers Sell on Walmart.com Careers @WalmartLabs The Walmart Digital Museum. Terms of Use About Our Ads Affiliate Program CA Privacy Rights Privacy & Security. Returns Policy Product Recalls Int’l Customers Tax Exempt Program Contact Us Feedback Store Pickup. Electronics Toys Video Games Home Products Clothing Sports & Outdoors Baby Products. 
Our new search experience requires JavaScript to be enabled. Please enable JavaScript on your browser , then try again .. All Categories Antiques Art Baby Books Business & Industrial Cameras & Photo Cell Phones & Accessories Clothing, Shoes & Accessories Coins & Paper Money Collectibles Computers/Tablets & Networking Consumer Electronics Crafts Dolls & Bears DVDs & Movies eBay Motors Entertainment Memorabilia Gift Cards & Coupons Health & Beauty Home & Garden Jewelry & Watches Music Musical Instruments & Gear Pet Supplies Pottery & Glass Real Estate Specialty Services Sporting Goods Sports Mem, Cards & Fan Shop Stamps Tickets & Experiences Toys & Hobbies Travel Video Games & Consoles Everything Else. Hi ( Sign in to bid or buy) Daily Deals Gift Cards Help & Contact Sell. Summary Recently Viewed Bids/Offers Watch List Purchase History Selling Saved Searches Saved Sellers Messages. Refine your search for blu vivo xl2. All Listings - Current page. results for blu vivo xl2. Save blu vivo xl2 to get e-mail alerts and updates on your eBay Feed.. Unfollow blu vivo xl2 to stop getting updates on your eBay Feed.. You'll receive email and Feed alerts when new items arrive. Afghanistan - AFG Albania - ALB Algeria - DZA American Samoa - ASM Andorra - AND Angola - AGO Anguilla - AIA Antigua and Barbuda - ATG Argentina - ARG Armenia - ARM Aruba - ABW Australia - AUS Austria - AUT Azerbaijan Republic - AZE Bahamas - BHS Bahrain - BHR Bangladesh - BGD Barbados - BRB Belarus - BLR Belgium - BEL Belize - BLZ Benin - BEN Bermuda - BMU Bhutan - BTN Bolivia - BOL Bosnia and Herzegovina - BIH Botswana - BWA Brazil - BRA British Virgin Islands - VGB Brunei Darussalam - BRN Bulgaria - BGR Burkina Faso - BFA Burma - MMR Burundi - BDI Cambodia - KHM Cameroon - CMR Canada - CAN Cape Verde Islands - CPV Cayman Islands - CYM Central African Republic - CAF Chad - TCD Chile - CHL China - CHN Colombia - COL Comoros - COM Congo, Democratic Republic of the - COD Congo, Republic of the - COG Cook Islands - COK Costa Rica - CRI Cote d Ivoire (Ivory Coast) - CIV Croatia, Republic of - HRV Cyprus - CYP Czech Republic - CZE Denmark - DNK Djibouti - DJI Dominica - DMA Dominican Republic - DOM Ecuador - ECU Egypt - EGY El Salvador - SLV Equatorial Guinea - GNQ Eritrea - ERI Estonia - EST Ethiopia - ETH Falkland Islands (Islas Malvinas) - FLK Fiji - FJI Finland - FIN France - FRA French Guiana - GUF French Polynesia - PYF Gabon Republic - GAB Gambia - GMB Georgia - GEO Germany - DEU Ghana - GHA Gibraltar - GIB Greece - GRC Greenland - GRL Grenada - GRD Guadeloupe - GLP Guam - GUM Guatemala - GTM Guernsey - GGY Guinea - GIN Guinea-Bissau - GNB Guyana - GUY Haiti - HTI Honduras - HND Hong Kong - HKG Hungary - HUN Iceland - ISL India - IND Indonesia - IDN Ireland - IRL Israel - ISR Italy - ITA Jamaica - JAM Japan - JPN Jersey - JEY Jordan - JOR Kazakhstan - KAZ Kenya - KEN Kiribati - KIR Korea, South - KOR Kuwait - KWT Kyrgyzstan - KGZ Laos - LAO Latvia - LVA Lebanon - LBN Liechtenstein - LIE Lithuania - LTU Luxembourg - LUX Macau - MAC Macedonia - MKD Madagascar - MDG Malawi - MWI Malaysia - MYS Maldives - MDV Mali - MLI Malta - MLT Marshall Islands - MHL Martinique - MTQ Mauritania - MRT Mauritius - MUS Mayotte - MYT Mexico - MEX Micronesia - FSM Moldova - MDA Monaco - MCO Mongolia - MNG Montenegro - MNE Montserrat - MSR Morocco - MAR Mozambique - MOZ Namibia - NAM Nauru - NRU Nepal - NPL Netherlands - NLD Netherlands Antilles - ANT New Caledonia - NCL New Zealand - NZL Nicaragua - NIC Niger - NER Nigeria - NGA Niue - NIU Norway - NOR Oman - OMN Pakistan - PAK Palau - PLW Panama - PAN Papua New Guinea - PNG Paraguay - PRY Peru - PER Philippines - PHL Poland - POL Portugal - PRT Puerto Rico - PRI Qatar - QAT Reunion - REU Romania - ROU Russian Federation - RUS Rwanda - RWA Saint Helena - SHN Saint Kitts-Nevis - KNA Saint Lucia - LCA Saint Pierre and Miquelon - SPM Saint Vincent and the Grenadines - VCT San Marino - SMR Saudi Arabia - SAU Senegal - SEN Serbia - SRB Seychelles - SYC Sierra Leone - SLE Singapore - SGP Slovakia - SVK Slovenia - SVN Solomon Islands - SLB Somalia - SOM South Africa - ZAF Spain - ESP Sri Lanka - LKA Suriname - SUR Swaziland - SWZ Sweden - SWE Switzerland - CHE Taiwan - TWN Tajikistan - TJK Tanzania - TZA Thailand - THA Togo - TGO Tonga - TON Trinidad and Tobago - TTO Tunisia - TUN Turkey - TUR Turkmenistan - TKM Turks and Caicos Islands - TCA Tuvalu - TUV Uganda - UGA Ukraine - UKR United Arab Emirates - ARE United Kingdom - UK United States - USA Uruguay - URU Uzbekistan - UZB Vanuatu - VUT Vatican City State - VAT Venezuela - VEN Vietnam - VNM Virgin Islands (U.S) - VIR Wallis and Futuna - WLF Western Sahara - ESH Western Samoa - WSM Yemen - YEM Zambia - ZMB Zimbabwe - ZWE. BLU VIVO XL2 - 5.5" 4G LTE GSM Unlocked Smartphone - 32GB+3GB RAM -Gold Gold. 5 new & refurbished from $177.33. BLU VIVO XL 2 4G LTE (32GB) 5.5" 3GB RAM Android Dual SIM GSM Unlocked V0070U. 4 new & refurbished from $149.99. Original New BLU VIVO XL2 5.5" 4G LTE GSM Unlocked Smartphone 32GB+3GB RAM Gold. BLU Vivo XL2 V0070UU 32GB Unlocked GSM LTE Quad-Core Dual-SIM Phone. BLU Vivo XL2 V0070UU 32GB Unlocked GSM LTE Quad-Core Dual-SIM Phone - Dark Blue. BLU VIVO XL2 - 5.5" 4G LTE GSM Unlocked Smartphone - 32GB+3GB RAM -Blue. BLU Vivo XL2 V0070UU 32GB Unlocked GSM LTE Quad-Core Dual-SIM Phone - Dark Blue. 6 new & refurbished from $149.95. BLU VIVO XL2 - 5.5" 4G LTE GSM Unlocked Smartphone - 32GB+3GB RAM -Blue ... BLU VIVO XL2 - 5.5" 4G LTE GSM Unlocked Smartphone - 32GB+3GB RAM -Gold. 5 new & refurbished from $177.33. BLU VIVO XL 2 4G LTE (32GB) 5.5" 3GB RAM Android Dual SIM GSM Unlocked V0070U. BLU VIVO XL2 , 5.5" LTE,GSM Unlocked PHONE,32GB+3GB RAM,1YEAR BLU WARRANTY, GOLD. BLU VIVO XL2 , 5.5" LTE,GSM Unlocked PHONE,32GB+3GB RAM,1YEAR BLU WARRANTY, GOLD. BLU VIVO XL2 - 5.5 4G LTE GSM Unlocked Smartphone - 32GB+3GB RAM -Blue. 6 new & refurbished from $149.95. BLU Vivo XL2 5.5" 4G LTE GSM Unlocked Smartphone with 32GB+3GB RAM. 4 new & refurbished from $149.99. BLU VIVO XL2 - 5.5" 4G LTE GSM Unlocked Smartphone - 32GB+3GB RAM -Gold Gold. 5 new & refurbished from $177.33. BLU VIVO XL2 - 5.5" 4G LTE GSM Unlocked Smartphone - 32GB+3GB RAM -Blue Blue. 6 new & refurbished from $149.95. BLU Vivo XL 2 5.5" V0070uu Cell Phone 13MP 32GB Unlocked Dual SIM Android GOLD. BLU VIVO XL2 - 5.5" 4G LTE GSM Unlocked Smartphone - 32GB+3GB RAM -Gold. 4 new & refurbished from $149.99. BLU VIVO XL2 , 5.5",4G LTE,GSM Unlocked PHONE,32GB+3GB RAM,1YEAR BLU WARRANTY. BLU Vivo XL 2 5.5" V0070uu Cell Phone 13MP 32GB Unlocked Dual SIM DARK BLUE. BLU VIVO XL2 , 5.5",LTE,GSM UNLOCKED BRAND NEW,32GB,1YEAR BLU WARRANTY-BLUE. BLU VIVO XL2 , 5.5",LTE,GSM UNLOCKED BRAND NEW,32GB,1YEAR BLU WARRANTY- GOLD. BLU VIVO XL2 - 5.5" 4G LTE GSM Unlocked Smartphone - 32GB+3GB RAM -Gold. BLU VIVO XL2 - 5.5" 4G LTE GSM Unlocked Smartphone - 32GB+3GB RAM -Gold Gold. BLU VIVO XL 2 4G LTE (32GB) 5.5" 3GB RAM Android Dual SIM GSM Unlocked V0070UU. 4 new & refurbished from $149.99. Blu Vivo XL2 GSM Unlocked Smartphone Gold. New BLU VIVO XL2 - V0070UU - 32GB - Unlocked GSM - Dual SIM - Gold. 6 new & refurbished from $149.95. Blu Vivo XL 2 Gold unlocked 32gb. BLU VIVO XL 2 4G LTE (32GB) 5.5" 3GB RAM Android Dual SIM GSM Unlocked V0070U. BLU Vivo XL2 V0070UU 32GB Unlocked GSM LTE Quad-Core Dual-SIM Phone. 6 new & refurbished from $149.95. BLU VIVO XL2 - 5.5" 4G LTE GSM Unlocked Smartphone - 32GB+3GB RAM ... 5 new & refurbished from $177.33. BLU VIVO XL2 - 5.5" 4G LTE GSM Unlocked Smartphone - 32GB+3GB RAM -Blue Blue. Customs services and international tracking provided. Ships Fast - Retail BOX - 1 Year warranty - BRAND NEW. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Authorized Dealer, 30-Day Money Back Guaranteed. Authorized Dealer, 30-Day Money Back Guaranteed. Customs services and international tracking provided. Authorized Dealer, 30-Day Money Back Guaranteed. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. BLU NEW MODEL - 1 Year Warranty USA Fast Shipping. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. 4G LTE B2/4/7/12/17 & 3G 850/900/1800/1900. BLU NEW MODEL - 1 Year Warranty USA Fast Shipping. Customs services and international tracking provided. Authorized Dealer, 30-Day Money Back Guaranteed. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. eBay determines this price through a machine learned model of the product's sale prices within the last 90 days.. eBay determines trending price through a machine learned model of the product’s sale prices within the last 90 days. "New" refers to a brand-new, unused, unopened, undamaged item, and "Used" refers to an item that has been used previously.. Top Rated Plus Sellers with highest buyer ratings Returns, money back Ships in a business day with tracking Learn More. Top Rated Plus Sellers with highest buyer ratings Returns, money back Ships in a business day with tracking Learn More. $ Enter minimum price to $ Enter maximum price. Please enter a minimum and/or maximum price before continuing.. Site Map Copyright © 1995-2018 eBay Inc. Accessibility , User Agreement , Privacy , Cookies and AdChoice Norton Secured - powered by Verisign. Number of bids and bid amounts may be slightly out of date. See each listing for international shipping options and costs.. 
The next video is starting stop. Want to watch this again later?. Sign in to add this video to a playlist.. Sign in to report inappropriate content.. Sign in to make your opinion count.. Sign in to make your opinion count.. The interactive transcript could not be loaded.. Rating is available when the video has been rented.. This feature is not available right now. Vivo XL 2 is a uniquely crafted one-a-kind device. For display it is covered with a liquid like smooth curved Corning Gorilla Glass 3 glass touch panel that is gorgeous and provides a great user experience. The New BLU Vivo XL2 has added significant improvements in technology. Now available with double the internal memory, 32GB paired with 3GB RAM and an upgraded Wide-Angle 8.0 Megapixel Sensor front camera and main camera sensor of 13 Megapixel, built-in 3,150 mAh battery with quick charge. Get the VIVO XL2 for $149.99 on Amazon.com : https://www.amazon.com/dp/B01N0TJZ3T/ Music: Adventures - A Himitsu - SoundCloud (No Copyright Music). When autoplay is enabled, a suggested video will automatically play next.. BLU Vivo XL2 Unboxing and First Impressions. BLU VIVO XL2 Unboxing & First Impressions. TOP 5 SMARTPHONES Under $200 ◈ 2018 ◈. BLU Vivo XL2 📲 Smartphone Unboxing /first impressions. The Super Smartphone You've Never Heard Of.... Vivo X9 Unboxing With Detailed First Look (English). Blu Vivo 6 Unboxing and Hands-on Review. BLU VIVO 5 Best Mid-Range Android Phone of 2016?. Battle of the Budget Phones Vivo XL Vs Vivo 5. BLU Vivo 5 vs Samsung Galaxy S7 Edge, What Does $500 More Get You?. BLU Studio XL 2 smart phone: Lotta bang for the buck!. Razer Phone Unboxing - My New Daily Driver?. Blu Studio XL2 First 24 Hours.... Worlds Slimmest Phone "Micromax canvas sliver 5 "unboxing. Sign in to add this to Watch Later. 
Apple iPad Mini 1 / 2 / 3. Apple iPad 4th 3rd 2nd Generation. 1 - 2 - 3 - 4. Clear Crystal Hard Phone Transparent Stand Desktop Smartphone Holder for BLU Vivo XL2. Clear Crystal Hard Phone Transparent Stand Desktop Smartphone Holder for BLU Vivo XL2. Clear Crystal Hard Phone Transparent Stand Desktop Smartphone Holder for BLU Vivo XL2. 2 Amp Charging Wall Travel Charger Adapter - Baby Blue for BLU Vivo XL2. 2 Amp Charging Wall Travel Charger Adapter - Light Pink for BLU Vivo XL2. 2 Amp Charging Wall Travel Charger Adapter - Neon Green for BLU Vivo XL2. 2 Amp Charging Wall Travel Charger Adapter - Orange for BLU Vivo XL2. 2 Amp Charging Wall Travel Charger Adapter - Purple for BLU Vivo XL2. 2 Amp Charging Wall Travel Charger Adapter - Red for BLU Vivo XL2. Car Charger Dual 2-Port USB Adapter 2A - Black for BLU Vivo XL2. Car Charger Dual 2-Port USB Adapter 2A - Blue for BLU Vivo XL2. Car Charger Dual 2-Port USB Adapter 2A - Red for BLU Vivo XL2. Car Charger Dual 2-Port USB Adapter 2A - White for BLU Vivo XL2. Car Charger Dual 2-Port USB Adapter 2A - Yellow for BLU Vivo XL2. Car Charger Dual 2-Port USB Adapter 2A - Baby Blue for BLU Vivo XL2. Car Charger Dual 2-Port USB Adapter 2A - Black for BLU Vivo XL2. Car Charger Dual 2-Port USB Adapter 2A - Orange for BLU Vivo XL2. Car Charger Dual 2-Port USB Adapter 2A - Pink for BLU Vivo XL2. Car Charger Dual 2-Port USB Adapter 2A - Red for BLU Vivo XL2. Car Charger Dual 2-Port USB Adapter 2A - White for BLU Vivo XL2. Car Charger Dual 2-Port USB Adapter 2A - Baby Blue for BLU Vivo XL2. Car Charger Dual 2-Port USB Adapter 2A - Black for BLU Vivo XL2. Car Charger Dual 2-Port USB Adapter 2A - Purple for BLU Vivo XL2. Car Charger Dual 2-Port USB Adapter 2A - White for BLU Vivo XL2. Car Charger Dual 2-Port USB Adapter 2A - Yellow for BLU Vivo XL2. Car Charger 2-Port Metal 2A USB Adapter - Blue for BLU Vivo XL2. Car Charger 2-Port Metal 2A USB Adapter - Green for BLU Vivo XL2. Car Charger 2-Port Metal 2A USB Adapter - Pink for BLU Vivo XL2. Car Charger 2-Port Metal 2A USB Adapter - Silver for BLU Vivo XL2. Car Charger 3-Port USB Adapter 2A - Silver for BLU Vivo XL2. Wall Charger 3-Port USB Adapter 3A - Black for BLU Vivo XL2. Wall Charger 3-Port USB Adapter 3A - Pink for BLU Vivo XL2. 3.1 Amp Wall Travel Charger with 4 USB Ports for BLU Vivo XL2. Black Dual 2 Port USB Car Charger Adapter for BLU Vivo XL2. Car Charger (1.0A) Black for BLU Vivo XL2. Car Charger (1.0A) White for BLU Vivo XL2. Wall Travel Charger (1.0A) White for BLU Vivo XL2. Car Charger Adapter Dual USB Output 3.1A Rapid Charging - Blue for BLU Vivo XL2. Car Charger Adapter Dual USB Output 3.1A Rapid Charging - Electric Pink for BLU Vivo XL2. Car Charger Adapter Dual USB Output 3.1A Rapid Charging - Green for BLU Vivo XL2. Black/Black Car Charger Adapter Dual USB Output 3.1A for BLU Vivo XL2. Car Charger Adapter Dual USB Output 3.1A - Black/Gray for BLU Vivo XL2. Car Charger Adapter Dual USB Output 3.1A - Black/Red for BLU Vivo XL2. Car Charger Adapter Dual USB Output 3.1A - White/Black for BLU Vivo XL2. Car Charger Adapter Dual USB Output 3.1A - White/Gray for BLU Vivo XL2. Car Charger Adapter Dual USB Output 3.1A - White/Red for BLU Vivo XL2. Car Charger Anion with Air Purifier Dual USB Output 3.1A - Black/Gray for BLU Vivo XL2. Car Charger Anion with Air Purifier Dual USB Output 3.1A - Black/Red for BLU Vivo XL2. Car Charger Anion with Air Purifier Dual USB Output 3.1A - White/Gray for BLU Vivo XL2. Car Charger Anion with Air Purifier Dual USB Output 3.1A - White/Red for BLU Vivo XL2. Car Charger Adapter Dual USB Output 2.1A Black for BLU Vivo XL2. Car Charger Adapter Dual USB Output 2.1A White for BLU Vivo XL2. Travel Wall Charger Dual USB Output 2.1A Rapid Charging Black for BLU Vivo XL2. Travel Wall Charger Dual USB Output 2.1A Rapid Charging Blue for BLU Vivo XL2. Travel Wall Charger Dual USB Output 2.1A Rapid Charging Green for BLU Vivo XL2. Travel Wall Charger Dual USB Output 2.1A Rapid Charging Pink for BLU Vivo XL2. Travel Wall Charger Dual USB Output 2.1A Rapid Charging White for BLU Vivo XL2. Car Charger Adapter Travel Charger Adapter for BLU Vivo XL2. 2-in-1 Dual USB Car Travel Charger Black for BLU Vivo XL2. 2-in-1 Dual USB Car Travel Charger White for BLU Vivo XL2. 5 USB Ports Desktop Home Wall Charger 8A Fast Rapid Charging for BLU Vivo XL2. Black 5 USB Ports Car Charger 6A for BLU Vivo XL2. Cellet Square 3.5mm Flat Wire Stereo Hands Free Ear Buds Earphones Headphones - Black/Pink for BLU Vivo XL2. RUIX by Cellet Premium Bluetooth V4.1 Wireless Tangle-Free Earphones Earbuds - Black for BLU Vivo XL2. RUIX by Cellet Premium Bluetooth V4.1 Wireless Tangle-Free Earphones Earbuds - White for BLU Vivo XL2. Cellet 3.5mm Stereo Neckband Earhook Hands Free Headset Headphones with Microphone On & Off Switch - Black for BLU Vivo XL2. Cellet 3.5mm Stereo Neckband Earhook Hands Free Headset Headphones with Microphone On & Off Switch - Blue for BLU Vivo XL2. Cellet 3.5mm Stereo Neckband Earhook Hands Free Headset Headphones with Microphone On & Off Switch - Green for BLU Vivo XL2. Cellet 3.5mm Stereo Neckband Earhook Hands Free Headset Headphones with Microphone On & Off Switch - Pink for BLU Vivo XL2. Cellet 3.5mm Stereo Neckband Earhook Hands Free Headset Headphones with Microphone On & Off Switch - Red for BLU Vivo XL2. Cellet Mini Bluetooth V3.0 Mono Wireless Headset Hands Free - Black for BLU Vivo XL2. Cellet Mini Bluetooth V3.0 Mono Wireless Headset Hands Free - White for BLU Vivo XL2. Cellet Ultra-Compact Bluetooth V4.1 Mono Hands-Free Headset - Black for BLU Vivo XL2. Cellet Ultra-Compact Bluetooth V4.1 Mono Hands-Free Headset - White for BLU Vivo XL2. Cellet Plus RACER Bluetooth V3.0 Earphones Headphones Earbuds for Sports Gym Running Jogging - Black for BLU Vivo XL2. Cellet 3.5mm Hands Free Stereo Earphones Earbuds with Microphone - Black for BLU Vivo XL2. Cellet 3.5mm Hands Free Stereo Earphones Earbuds with Microphone - White for BLU Vivo XL2. Cellet Black ENCORE 3.5mm Stereo Hands Free Rubberized Earbuds Headphones for BLU Vivo XL2. Cellet Black ENCORE 3.5mm Stereo Hands Free Rubberized Earbuds Headphones for BLU Vivo XL2. Cellet 3.5mm Hands Free Earpiece Mono Single Headset Wired for BLU Vivo XL2. Cellet 3.5mm Hands Free Stereo Headset Earbuds Headphones With Built-in Microphone - Black for BLU Vivo XL2. Cellet 3.5mm Hands-Free Stereo In-Ear Headphones with Microphone & Multifunction Remote - Gold for BLU Vivo XL2. Cellet 3.5mm Slim Headset Wired Single Mono with Boom Microphone for BLU Vivo XL2. Cellet Dynamic Driver 3.5mm Stereo Hands Free Earpiece Headphones for BLU Vivo XL2. Cellet Hands-Free Headset On-Ear Mono Single Headphone 3.5mm with Boom Microphone for BLU Vivo XL2. Cellet Hexagon 3.5mm Flat Wire Stereo Hands-Free Headset Headphones Earbuds for BLU Vivo XL2. Cellet Mono 3.5mm Hands-Free Headset with Boom Microphone and Inline Control for BLU Vivo XL2. 3.5mm AUX Car Audio Cassette Tape Adapter Transmitters for MP3 IPod CD MD iPhone for BLU Vivo XL2. Cellet Black Earpiece Headphone Mini Headset Hard Pouch Carrying Case Sleeve for BLU Vivo XL2. Wireless Hands-Free Bluetooth Car Kit - Answer Incoming Calls & Stream Music for BLU Vivo XL2. Cellet 3 in 1 Stylus Pen Cleaning Cloth Mini Kickstand Black for BLU Vivo XL2. Cellet 3 in 1 Stylus Pen Cleaning Cloth Mini Kickstand Blue for BLU Vivo XL2. Cellet 3 in 1 Stylus Pen Cleaning Cloth Mini Kickstand Hot Pink for BLU Vivo XL2. Cellet 3 in 1 Stylus Pen Cleaning Cloth Mini Kickstand Purple for BLU Vivo XL2. Cellet 3 in 1 Stylus Pen Cleaning Cloth Mini Kickstand Red for BLU Vivo XL2. 5600mAh USB External Battery Power Bank Pack Charger Cable - Hot Pink for BLU Vivo XL2. 5600mAh USB External Battery Power Bank Pack Charger Cable - Pink for BLU Vivo XL2. 5600mAh USB External Battery Power Bank Pack Charger Cable - Red for BLU Vivo XL2. Cellet 6 FT Gold Plated 3.5mm Male to Female Audio Extension Cable for BLU Vivo XL2. Cellet Black Retractable 3.5mm to 3.5mm Input Stereo Car Audio Cable Aux Cord for BLU Vivo XL2. USB Bendable Silicone Soft Bright Light Green for BLU Vivo XL2. USB Bendable Silicone Soft Bright Light Orange for BLU Vivo XL2. Retractable Aux Auxiliary Cable (3FT) Black for BLU Vivo XL2. Retractable Aux Auxiliary Cable (3FT) White for BLU Vivo XL2. Flat Auxiliary Aux Cable (3FT) Blue for BLU Vivo XL2. Flat Auxiliary Aux Cable (3FT) Purple for BLU Vivo XL2. Solid Auxiliary Aux Cable (3FT) Baby Blue for BLU Vivo XL2. Solid Auxiliary Aux Cable (3FT) Green for BLU Vivo XL2. Solid Auxiliary Aux Cable (3FT) Pink for BLU Vivo XL2. Solid Auxiliary Aux Cable (3FT) White for BLU Vivo XL2. Rope Braided Aux Auxiliary Cable Cord 3.5mm - 3FT Black for BLU Vivo XL2. Rope Braided Aux Auxiliary Cable Cord 3.5mm - 3FT Green for BLU Vivo XL2. Rope Braided Aux Auxiliary Cable Cord 3.5mm - 3FT Orange for BLU Vivo XL2. Rope Braided Aux Auxiliary Cable Cord 3.5mm - 3FT Red for BLU Vivo XL2. Rope Braided Aux Auxiliary Cable Cord 3.5mm - 3FT White for BLU Vivo XL2. Rope Braided Aux Auxiliary Cable Cord 3.5mm - 3FT Yellow for BLU Vivo XL2. Premium MYBAT Black Bluetooth Wireless Handsfree Headset Headphone Mono for BLU Vivo XL2. Premium MYBAT Black Bluetooth Wireless Handsfree Headset Headphone Mono for BLU Vivo XL2. Premium MYBAT Sleek Bluetooth Wireless Handsfree Headset Headphone Mono for BLU Vivo XL2. Premium MYBAT White Bluetooth Wireless Handsfree Headset Headphone Mono for BLU Vivo XL2. 3.5mm Stereo Audio Aux Noodle Cable Plug 3FT Black for BLU Vivo XL2. 3.5mm Stereo Audio Aux Noodle Cable Plug 3FT White for BLU Vivo XL2. Selfie Stick Bluetooth Shutter Handheld Monopod Extendable Universal Mount Purple for BLU Vivo XL2. Selfie Stick Bluetooth Shutter Handheld Monopod Extendable Universal Mount White for BLU Vivo XL2. 3.5mm Headphone Y Splitter Black for BLU Vivo XL2. White Car Vehicle USB Charger Adapter for BLU Vivo XL2. Wired Black Selfie Stick for BLU Vivo XL2. Monopod Selfie Stick with Built-in Wireless Remote Control for BLU Vivo XL2. Wireless Selfie Stick with Bluetooth Shutter Control - Red for BLU Vivo XL2. Black Wireless Mobile Phone Monopod Selfie Stick with Shutter Control for BLU Vivo XL2. Universal International Travel Plug AC Adapter for BLU Vivo XL2. Stereo Handsfree Headset 3.5mm Earphones Headphones With Mic - Black for BLU Vivo XL2. Stereo Handsfree Headset 3.5mm Earphones Headphones - Black for BLU Vivo XL2. Stereo Handsfree Headset 3.5mm Earphones Headphones - Black for BLU Vivo XL2. Stereo Handsfree Headset 3.5mm Earphones Headphones - Black for BLU Vivo XL2. Stereo Handsfree Headset 3.5mm Earphones Headphones - Black for BLU Vivo XL2. Stereo Handsfree Headset 3.5mm Earphones Headphones - Black for BLU Vivo XL2. Stereo Handsfree Headset 3.5mm Earphones Headphones - Black Noodle for BLU Vivo XL2. Stereo Handsfree Headset 3.5mm Earphones Headphones - Black/Blue for BLU Vivo XL2. Stereo Handsfree Headset 3.5mm Earphones Headphones - Black/Red for BLU Vivo XL2. Stereo Handsfree Headset 3.5mm Earphones Headphones - Black/White for BLU Vivo XL2. Stereo Handsfree Headset 3.5mm Earphones Headphones - Blue for BLU Vivo XL2. Stereo Handsfree Headset 3.5mm Earphones Headphones - Hot Pink for BLU Vivo XL2. Stereo Handsfree Headset 3.5mm Earphones Headphones - Light Purple for BLU Vivo XL2. Stereo Handsfree Headset 3.5mm Earphones Headphones - Red for BLU Vivo XL2. Stereo Handsfree Headset 3.5mm Earphones Headphones - Sky Blue for BLU Vivo XL2. Stereo Handsfree Headset 3.5mm Earphones Headphones - White for BLU Vivo XL2. Stereo Handsfree Headset 3.5mm Earphones Headphones - White for BLU Vivo XL2. Stereo Handsfree Headset 3.5mm Earphones Headphones - White for BLU Vivo XL2. Stereo Handsfree Headset 3.5mm Earphones Headphones - White for BLU Vivo XL2. Stereo Handsfree Headset 3.5mm Earphones Headphones - White Braided for BLU Vivo XL2. Stereo Handsfree Headset 3.5mm Earphones Headphones - White Noodle for BLU Vivo XL2. 3.5mm Mono Single Earbud Earphone With Mic - Black for BLU Vivo XL2. Stereo Handsfree Headset 3.5mm Earphones Headphones - Black for BLU Vivo XL2. Cellet 3.5mm to 3.5mm Stereo Audio Cable With Built In Microphone & on/off Switch for BLU Vivo XL2. Pink Diamond Bling Stereo Headphones Earphones Earbuds With Volume Control 3.5mm for BLU Vivo XL2. Rose Gold Stereo Headphones Earphones Earbuds With Volume Control 3.5mm for BLU Vivo XL2. Rose Gold Stereo Headphones Earphones Earbuds With Volume Control 3.5mm New for BLU Vivo XL2. Rose Gold Stereo Metal Headphones Earphones Earbuds With Volume Control 3.5mm for BLU Vivo XL2. Universal Black Metal Stereo Handsfree Headphones Earbuds for BLU Vivo XL2. Universal Black Metal Stereo Handsfree Headphones Earbuds for BLU Vivo XL2. Universal Black Metal Stereo Handsfree Headphones Earbuds for BLU Vivo XL2. Universal Black Metal Stereo Handsfree Headphones Earbuds for BLU Vivo XL2. Universal Black Stereo Handsfree Headphones Earbuds with Slingshot Cable for BLU Vivo XL2. Universal iPhone Red Stereo Handsfree Headphones Earbuds for BLU Vivo XL2. Universal Silver Metal Stereo Handsfree Headphones Earbuds for BLU Vivo XL2. Universal White Metal Stereo Handsfree Headphones Earbuds for BLU Vivo XL2. Universal White Metal Stereo Handsfree Headphones Earbuds for BLU Vivo XL2. Universal White Metal Stereo Handsfree Headphones Earbuds for BLU Vivo XL2. Universal White Metal Stereo Handsfree Headphones Earbuds for BLU Vivo XL2. Universal White Metal Stereo Handsfree Headphones Earbuds for BLU Vivo XL2. Universal White Noodle Stereo Handsfree Headphones Earbuds for BLU Vivo XL2. Universal White Stereo Handsfree Headphones Earbuds for BLU Vivo XL2. White Stereo Metal Headphones Earphones Earbuds With Volume Control 3.5mm for BLU Vivo XL2. Wireless Bluetooth Neckband Stereo Headphones Earbuds Premium MYBAT Black for BLU Vivo XL2. Wireless Bluetooth Neckband Stereo Headphones Earbuds Premium MYBAT Black for BLU Vivo XL2. Wireless Bluetooth Neckband Stereo Headphones Earbuds Premium MYBAT Black Red for BLU Vivo XL2. Wireless Bluetooth Neckband Stereo Headphones Earbuds Premium MYBAT White for BLU Vivo XL2. Wireless Bluetooth Neckband Stereo Headphones Earbuds White Premium MYBAT for BLU Vivo XL2. Wireless Bluetooth Neckband Stereo Headphones Earbuds With Volume Rocker Black for BLU Vivo XL2. Wireless Bluetooth Neckband Stereo Headphones Earbuds With Volume Rocker White for BLU Vivo XL2. Travel Organizer Handbag Purse Bag - Brown for BLU Vivo XL2. Travel Organizer Handbag Purse Bag - Gray for BLU Vivo XL2. Universal Wire Cord Organizer Clips for BLU Vivo XL2. 2-Pack Stereo Headset Earbuds 3.5mm Headphones Black for BLU Vivo XL2. 3-Pack Black Metal Stylus Pens for BLU Vivo XL2. Universal Steel Chair Phone Stand Desktop Novelty Holder - Blue for BLU Vivo XL2. Universal Steel Chair Phone Stand Desktop Novelty Holder - Gray for BLU Vivo XL2. Universal Steel Chair Phone Stand Desktop Novelty Holder - Hot Pink for BLU Vivo XL2. Universal Steel Chair Phone Stand Desktop Novelty Holder - Silver for BLU Vivo XL2. Black Mini Stylus Pen with Dust Cap For Cell Phones Smartphones Tablets for BLU Vivo XL2. Stylus Pen Black for BLU Vivo XL2. Stylus Pen Black for BLU Vivo XL2. Stylus Pen Black for BLU Vivo XL2. Stylus Pen Pink for BLU Vivo XL2. Stylus Pen Plug Black for BLU Vivo XL2. Stylus Pen Plug Hot Pink for BLU Vivo XL2. Stylus Pen Silver Black for BLU Vivo XL2. Stylus Pen with Dust Cap Black for BLU Vivo XL2. Stylus Pen with Dust Cap Black for BLU Vivo XL2. 1 - 2 - 3 - 4. CellPhoneCases.com 20555 Devonshire St Unit 233 Chatsworth, CA 91311. 
Select the department you want to search in. Sign in Your Account Try Prime Wish List Cart. Your Store Deals Store Gift Cards Sell Help. Cell Phones & Accessories Electronics Best Sellers Cases & Covers Chargers Accessories. Unlocked Cell Phones No Contract Cell Phones Deals. 3 used & new from CDN$ 151.91. BLU VIVO XL2 - 5.5" 4G LTE GSM Unlocked Smartphone - 32GB+3GB RAM -Blue. Available from these sellers .. Aesthetically engraved Micro pattern followed by electrolyzed paint particle to achieved a metallic sunburst effect, captivating 5.5"Hd display with IPS technology Plus Corning Gorilla glass 3. 32GB Internal memory 3GB RAM Micro SD up to 64GB. 13MP Autofocus Main Camera with flash Plus 8MP front Camera. MediaTek 1.5GHz Quad core processor with GPU Mali-T720; built in 3,150Mah battery quick charge, get 100-Percent battery in a lighting speed of 2.5 hours.. 4G LTE, (2/4/7/12/17), 4G HSPA Plus (850/1700/1900/2100). GSM Quad band: US compatibility Nationwide on all GSM Networks including AT and T, T-Mobile, Cricket, MetroPCS, Straight Talk, and others. This shopping feature will continue to load items. In order to navigate out of this carousel, please use your heading shortcut key to navigate to the next or previous heading.. Customers who bought this item also bought. Page 1 of 1 Start over Page 1 of 1. IVSO BLU Vivo XL 2 Case - [View Window] [Stand View] [Full Range Protection] Ultra-thin Super Magic High Quality Folio Stand Case for BLU Vivo XL 2 / BLU Vivo XL2 Phone(Black). BLU VIVO XL 2 Leather Wallet Case + Screen Protector, Gzerma Lightweight PU Leather Stand View Feature with Card Slots Cover and Shatter-proof Protective Film for BLU VIVO XL2 - 5.5" 4G LTE Smartphone (Black). [Pack of 2] BLU VIVO XL2 Maximum Protection Screen Protector, Gzerma Shatter-Proof Easy Installation Bubble Free Protective Film for BLU VIVO XL 2 5.5" Smartphone. Blu Vivo XL2, Cellphone Case, Tough Hybrid Armor Shockproof Dual Layer Drop Protection Case Cover Case (VGC Black). IVSO BLU Vivo XL 2 Case - Premium PU Leather + TPU with Pockets for ID, Credit Cards for BLU Vivo XL 2 / BLU Vivo XL2 Phone(Black). 3 offers from CDN$ 10.99. Blu Vivo XL2, Cellphone Case, Tough Hybrid Armor Shockproof Dual Layer Drop Protection Case Cover Case (VGC Blue). Product Dimensions 15.5 x 0.8 x 7.6 cm. Batteries: 1 Lithium ion batteries required. Electronics > Cell Phones & Accessories > Unlocked Cell Phones & Smartphones. Would you like to tell us about a lower price ?. This shopping feature will continue to load items. In order to navigate out of this carousel, please use your heading shortcut key to navigate to the next or previous heading.. Customers who viewed this item also viewed. Page 1 of 1 Start over Page 1 of 1. BLU Life One X2-4G LTE Unlocked Smartphone-64GB Plus 4GB Ram-Rose Gold (Canada Compatible). BLU Vivo XL Smartphone-5.5-Inch 4G LTE-GSM Unlocked, Midnight Blue (Canada Compatible). 5 offers from CDN$ 113.04. BLU Energy X 2-Factory Unlocked Phone, Retail Packaging, Black (Canada Compatible). BLU R1 Plus, Smartphone 32GB + 3GB RAM -Black. BLU VIVO 8L - 5.3" 4G LTE Smartphone -32GB + 3GB RAM –Black. BLU Vivo XL Smartphone-5.5-Inch 4G LTE-GSM Unlocked, Solid Gold (Canada Compatible). Find answers in product info, Q&As, reviews. Please make sure that you've entered a valid question. You can edit your question or post anyway.. Don't see what you're looking for?. There was a problem completing your request. Please try your search again later.. Engraved micro pattern onto the battery cover followed by electrolyzed paint particle to achieve a metallic sunburst effect that is both eye catching and aesthetically pleasing. The curved glass display compliments the already premium finished smartphone. Engraved micro pattern onto the battery cover followed by electrolyzed paint particle to achieve a metallic sunburst effect that is both eye catching and aesthetically pleasing. The curved glass display compliments the already premium finished smartphone. Multitasking is now a breeze with the built in 3GB RAM. Ample amount of space to allocate your pictures, music and videos on the 32GB internal memory. An optional Micro SD slot will offer the user even more space up to an extra 64GB.Captivating 5.5” HD display with BLU Infinite View (IPS) display will provide an impressive view from any angle. Incorporating the highest-grade material curved glass touch panel with color match finish ensures excellent feedback and feel, as well as a gorgeous look. Corning Gorilla Glass 3 provides Native Damage Resistance protection, which offers an extra layer of armor to protect it from scratches and cracks.. Engraved micro pattern onto the battery cover followed by electrolyzed paint particle to achieve a metallic sunburst effect that is both eye catching and aesthetically pleasing. The curved glass display compliments the already premium finished smartphone. Captivating 5.5” HD display with BLU Infinite View (IPS) display will provide an impressive view from any angle.. Incorporating the highest-grade material curved glass touch panel with color match finish ensures excellent feedback and feel, as well as a gorgeous look.. Corning Gorilla Glass 3 provides Native Damage Resistance protection, which offers an extra layer of armor to protect it from scratches and cracks.. With its large built-in 3,150 mAh battery, the Vivo XL2 can handle all the tasks that you throw at it daily. With state of the art hardware and software, the battery will last you up to 30% more than the Vivo XL. Also, there is Quick Charge capability that will fully charge the battery in a lightning speed of 2.5 hours.. With its MediaTek 6737T chipset and 1.5GHz Quad Core processor, watch all your favorite fast paced movies and never miss a beat with the lightning fast Mali-T720 GPU.. BLU Valencia CF VIP Experience Global Giveaway. Purchase any 2017 BLU Smartphone for your chance to win a trip of a lifetime!. Three grand prize winners and a guest each gets an all-expense paid trip to Valencia, Spain for 5 days. You and your guest will also get to attend the Valencia CF vs Real Madrid game while enjoying the match from BLU’s VIP BOX plus a meet & greet with Valencia players in Mestalla Stadium on January 28th 2018!. Camera performance has been perfected with several software enhancements and features including HDF, Mood Photo, Panorama, Smart Scene and more. A 13MP main camera with f2.0 Aperture, 4P lens and phase Detection Auto Focus (PDAF) that captures focus in three tenth of a second. In the front is a 8MP wide-angle camera, for quality selfie experience, and software features such as Face Beautification. Record life’s most important moments at 1080p HD video resolution.. 5 star 44% 4 star 24% 3 star 5% 2 star 8% 1 star 19%. Share your thoughts with other customers. There was a problem filtering reviews right now. 1.0 out of 5 stars ... phone was purchased on September this year and worked fine until November. Style Name: Blue | Verified Purchase. The phone was purchased on September this year and worked fine until November, started to fail any WI-fi connection, contacted Blu customer service and they suggested a factory reset which was a pain to do, and took me 1 day to set back all my accounts on the phone. After the factory reset started again failing to connect to any wi-fi and also not connecting to any of my 3 blue tooth devices. Only works fine if I reboot the phone, but then it will fail connection again. I do have freedom mobile provider and is fine with using my data, I have shaw cable internet at home and they change my modem, but still not connecting to wi-fi. Now after so much trouble and contacting Blu, they want me to send the phone back (i don't have a backup phone) and it would take 7-10 weeks for the technicians to check it out. I am not recommending this phone, is a piece of crap.. Was this review helpful to you?. 5.0 out of 5 stars Excellent quality phone. Manufacturer does NOT slow down its phones.. Style Name: Gold | Verified Purchase. Powerful phone, good capacity and large screen. Apple zombies mistake it for some gold looking iphone (as if that mattered!) Regardless, the phone is awesome and, unlike that apple garbage, it is actually upgradeable. The battery is easy to swap and you can upgrade the storage with a micro sd card. oh and BLU doesn't slow down its phones. Was this review helpful to you?. 4.0 out of 5 stars So good, I ordered a 2nd one.. Style Name: Blue | Verified Purchase. I bought this phone, as a replacement for a Blu Energy X 2 that I had bought a month before. I have been using this phone for only about 8 days as of now, and I can say I am very impressed. What I like; Battery life; 3150mah battery easily lasts all day. Even while gaming, and bluetooth connected to a watch, headphones, and pokemon go plus. Screen: Not super HD, but the picture is still crisp and clean. The lower resolution also helps with maintaining a good battery life. Dual sim: I am planning a road trip soon through the states, the dual sim will come in handy in allowing me to pop in an american sim card! While I am not using the dual sim, I have a 64gb sd card in its place! 96gb storage on a phone is amazing! Infrared: I didnt notice this when I ordered it, but this phone comes standard with an infrared transmitter, and an app allowing you to instantly select your model of TV/stereo/android box, whatever, and its instantly programmed so you can use your phone as a universal remote! What I don't like: Bluetooth- weak connections, get disconnects often, and very short range. Unlock - at least once a day, the phone will not unlock. The buttons do absolutely nothing, causing me to have to do a reset to get it back up and running.. Probably a firmware issue that will be resolved, but should be aware. Comes with the phone, a case, screen protector, charger, cable, and headphones in box. This phone is definitly worth the money. So much so, I just ordered my wife one as well. Was this review helpful to you?. 5.0 out of 5 stars The cameras are really good, the phone is fast. Style Name: Gold | Verified Purchase. Broke my old phone, found this one. The cameras are really good, the phone is fast, and easy to use, looks very high end. The screen is fantastic brilliant and sharp. Okay, update...after using the phone for a while...i still like it. the issue is this..I dropped the phone, heard the ominous sound that we all know. screen protector held it all together i can still use it. The problem is that of the 46 repair places i visited or called do not fix this brand. Or have not heard of it. alas i start the search for a new one. Was this review helpful to you?. 1.0 out of 5 stars I am sorry, I bought it. Style Name: Blue | Verified Purchase. I use the phone a few times a week. I do not need much from it. It faild to recognize my mini SD card. You have a choice: two SIM cards or SIM plus SD. There are only two slots to connect, not three. As usual, all the junk software is nailed forever. And the useful one is very hard to get. This thing finally had destroyed my 64 GB SD card in a very bizarre way. PC could not read it after cell phone. I brought some advanced software for formatting. And it is 26 GB now instead of 64. Unbelievable! It seems to me, the phone software prevents connection to PC intentionally. I am not that fluent in English to describe my feelings. 0 Comment | Was this review helpful to you?. 5.0 out of 5 stars A phone you will love using at a bargain price ! Buy with confidence.. Style Name: Gold | Verified Purchase. So i have been an iphone user since the first iphone came out. I purchased this phone as a secondary phone since it comes unlocked and works everywhere. So far, withing 2 months of use i can say this phone is almost perfect. It looks like a high end phone for very little money. Only thing i am having a hard time with coming from Iphones is the camera quality. I find it is not as clear as the higher tier phones but then again the price difference is insane.. Was this review helpful to you?. 2.0 out of 5 stars The wifi lack of capability killed the deal for me. Style Name: Blue | Verified Purchase. I was excited to get the phone and try it out. The keyboard was great, the amount of room was great, the extras that came with it was awesome. it was dropping out all throughout my home and then at the university it was dropping out, or connected and it took a LONG time for the data to be sent back and forth. Even when I tried to go on Amazon with the phone it wasn't connecting properly so I had to go back on data. I did wait for the system update to happen and it appeared to work better for a very short period. I would be willing to give this company a chance again but I need to be able to use my phone. There is no point on the extra ram if the pages move slower than my old phone anyway.. Was this review helpful to you?. 3.0 out of 5 stars Was great at first but many issues now. Style Name: Gold | Verified Purchase. When I first got this phone I loved it but then I start experiencing echoes during phone calls and conversations being repeated while still on the call. I then contacted Amazon for an exchange and received it in no time, now the replacement phone is having it's own issues. The picture I've attached is from an incoming phone call on Sept 1 and it's now the morning of Sept 2 and its still stuck on my screen. Also the camera quality on the replacement phone is terrible, the pictures comes out grainy and fuzzy as if it's not focused, I didn't have these problems with the first phone.. Was this review helpful to you?. Want to see more reviews on this item?. Go to Amazon.com to see all 745 reviews. 5.0 out of 5 stars Five Stars. I bought this last year and still work very well. No issues until even with periodical updates.. 5.0 out of 5 stars Five Stars. after all the updates, Phone didn't work anymore. I was able to receive call without any issue but when calling out, they can hear me clearly but I cannot hear anything. 1.0 out of 5 stars Didn't work the same after the updates.. Very disappointed with this one and have to return it.. 1.0 out of 5 stars One Star. 4.0 out of 5 stars Good value. I purchased this phone for my wife 7 months ago at a great price. Unfortunately even though I got it at a great price, I've been regretting the purchase. 2.0 out of 5 stars Got it at an excellent price, but I regret getting it. 5.0 out of 5 stars Top des top. 5.0 out of 5 stars Five Stars. The first one sent had a glitchy screen. The second one worked for a few days before it started having problems. 1.0 out of 5 stars Looks nice but it's garbage. Awesome and they just updated to nougat! Ill never buy another brand of smart phone very pleased even if it craps out like some claim it costs nothing to replace also blu has an... 5.0 out of 5 stars Awesome and they just updated to nougat. Unlimited FREE Two-Day Shipping, no minimum threshold and more.. Prime members enjoy Free Two-Day Shipping, Free Same-Day or One-Day Delivery to select areas, Prime Video, Prime Music, and more.. Careers Amazon and Our Planet Investor Relations Press Releases Sell on Amazon Amazon Associates Advertise Your Products Independently Publish with Us Amazon.ca Rewards Visa Cardmembers Shop with Points Credit Card Marketplace Reload Your Balance Amazon Currency Converter Gift Cards Amazon Cash Shipping Rates & Policies Amazon Prime Returns Are Easy Manage your Content and Devices Customer Service. Amazon Music Stream millions of songs. Amazon Web Services Scalable Cloud Computing Services. Book Depository Books With Free Delivery Worldwide. Goodreads Book reviews & recommendations. IMDb Movies, TV & Celebrities. Shopbop Designer Fashion Brands. Warehouse Deals Open-Box Discounts. Whole Foods Market We Believe in Real Food. Conditions of Use Privacy Notice Interest-Based Ads © 2008-2018, Amazon.com, Inc. 
We are unable to process your last request.. Rest assured we are working diligently to resolve this issue. If you would like to place an order by phone or speak with one of our Customer Service representatives please contact us:. Copyright © 2012 by Office Depot, Inc. 
Unofficial T-Mobile Blog, News, Videos, Articles and more. Call T-Mobile at (888) 652-1428. You are here: Home > BLU Vivo XL2 launches with 5.5-inch display and $149.99 price tag. BLU Vivo XL2 launches with 5.5-inch display and $149.99 price tag. BLU today introduced its latest affordable Android smartphone, the Vivo XL2.. BLU Vivo XL2 features a 5.5-inch 1280×720 display and 8-megapixel camera on its face, and a 13-megapixel camera with flash on its backside. Inside the Vivo XL2 lives a quad-core MediaTek 6736T processor paired with 3GB of RAM, 32GB of storage, a microSD slot, dual SIM slots, and a 3150mAh battery with quick charging support.. When it comes to cellular connectivity, the Vivo XL2 includes GSM 850/900/1800/1900MHz, HSPA 850/1700/1900/2100MHz, and 4G LTE bands 2/4/7/12/17. BLU tells me that the Vivo XL2 supports band 12 LTE and VoLTE on T-Mobile, but that Wi-Fi Calling is not supported.. Finally, BLU has preloaded the Vivo XL2 with Android 6.0 Marshmallow. The company explained to me that while it wants to upgrade the Vivo XL2 to Android 7.0 Nougat, there’s currently no timeframe for that release.. The unlocked BLU Vivo XL2 is now available from Amazon for $149.99 in blue and gold color options.. While not quite as low-cost as some of BLU’s other phones, the Vivo XL2 is pretty easy on the wallet for large screen Android phone with decent specs. The lack of Wi-Fi Calling and Nougat is disappointing, but if you’re just looking for a big Android phone on a budget, the Vivo XL2 might be an option to consider. You can see it in action in the unboxing video below.. Sources: BLU , Amazon. Tags: Android , BLU , BLU Products , BLU Vivo XL2. Editorial Director of News and Content for PhoneDog Media. Can be found on Twitter at @alw .. View all posts by Alex Wagner →. ← T-Mobile sweetens AT&T switcher deal with free year of Hulu service. T-Mobile deploys permanent LTE network upgrades in Houston ahead of Super Bowl LI →. My mother in law has the BLU R1 HD 16GB ($60 Amazon version) and it has received several updates so far including VoLTE for TMo.. You won’t be married long….Get her a real phone. Haha, her HTC One M8 screen is broken so she’s using that BLU for now, it’s been an OK phone, nothing special.. That deal was this morning and is now dead, back to $149.99.. If I cant win this phone in a cereal box I’m not interested!. The spyware gets updated but not the operating system.. That would be a fail in my office with no Wi-Fi.. - Any - 3G|4G U301 USB Modem Acer Aspire One Netbook Acer Liquid M220 Airave 2.5 Plus Alcatel 510A Alcatel 768 Alcatel 871A GoPhone Alcatel A392G Alcatel Fling Alcatel One Touch 991 Alcatel One Touch Evolve Alcatel OneTouch Conquest Alcatel OneTouch Elevate Alcatel OneTouch Evolve 2 ALCATEL ONETOUCH Fierce Alcatel OneTouch Fierce 2 Alcatel Onetouch Idol 3 (4.7") Alcatel Onetouch Idol 3 (5.5") Alcatel OneTouch Pop 7 Alcatel OneTouch Pop Icon Alcatel OneTouch Pop Mega Alcatel OneTouch Pop Star LTE Alcatel OneTouch Retro ALCATEL OneTouch Sonic LTE Alcatel Pop C9 Alcatel Pop D3 Alcatel Venture Amazon Fire Phone Anna Sui Mobile by Samsung Apple iPad 2 16GB Apple iPad 2 32GB Apple iPad 2 64GB Apple iPad Air Apple iPad Air 2 Apple iPad Mini Apple iPad mini 2 Apple iPad Mini 3 Apple iPad mini 4 Apple iPad mini with Retina Display Apple iPad Pro Apple iPad with Retina Display Apple iPhone 16 GB Apple iPhone 3G 16 GB Apple iPhone 3G 8 GB Apple iPhone 3G S 32 GB Apple iPhone 3GS Apple iPhone 4 Apple iPhone 4S Apple iPhone 5 Apple iPhone 5c Apple iPhone 5s Apple iPhone 6 Apple iPhone 6 Plus Apple iPhone 6s Apple iPhone 6s Plus ASUS MeMO Pad 7 LTE ASUS MeMO Pad FHD 10 LTE ASUS PadFone X mini ASUS ZenFone 2 ASUS ZenWatch 2 AT&T Avail 2 AT&T F160 AT&T Impulse 4G AT&T Mobile Hotspot Elevate 4G AT&T Mobile Hotspot MiFi 2372 AT&T Quickfire AT&T Radiant GoPhone AT&T Unite AT&T Unite Pro AT&T USBConnect 900 AT&T USBConnect Adrenaline AT&T USBConnect Force 4G AT&T USBConnect Mercury AT&T USBConnect Momentum 4G AT&T USBConnect Shockwave AT&T USBConnect Turbo AT&T USBConnect Velocity AT&T Z222 GoPhone AT&T Z331 AT&T Z998 GoPhone Audiovox CDM-8940 Audiovox PC5740 EVDO PC Card Audiovox VI600 Audiovox XV6600 Betsey Johnson Mobile by Samsung Big Button Flip Alcatel A392G BlackBerry 7130e BlackBerry 7250 BlackBerry 7290 BlackBerry 8703e BlackBerry 8820 BlackBerry Bold BlackBerry Bold 9650 BlackBerry Bold 9700 BlackBerry Bold 9780 BlackBerry Bold 9900 BlackBerry Bold 9930 BlackBerry Classic BlackBerry Curve 3G BlackBerry Curve 3G 9300 BlackBerry Curve 8320 BlackBerry Curve 8330 BlackBerry Curve 8350i BlackBerry Curve 8520 BlackBerry Curve 8530 BlackBerry Curve 8900 BlackBerry Curve 9310 BlackBerry Curve 9315 BlackBerry Curve 9330 BlackBerry Curve 9350 BlackBerry Curve 9360 BlackBerry Curve 9370 BlackBerry Leap BlackBerry Passport BlackBerry Pearl BlackBerry Pearl 3G BlackBerry Pearl 8110 BlackBerry Pearl 8120 BlackBerry Pearl 8130 BlackBerry Pearl Flip 8220 BlackBerry Pearl Flip 8230 BlackBerry Priv BlackBerry Q10 BlackBerry Storm BlackBerry Storm2 BlackBerry Style BlackBerry Torch 9800 BlackBerry Torch 9810 BlackBerry Torch 9850 BlackBerry Torch 9860 BlackBerry Tour BlackBerry Z10 BlackBerry Z30 Blackphone 2 BLU Advance 4.0 BLU Dash 5.0+ BLU Life View BLU Neo 4.5 BLU Studio 5.0 BLU Studio 5.0 C BLU Studio 5.0 II BLU Studio 5.0 II BLU Studio 5.0C BLU Studio 6.0 HD BLU Studio C Mini BLU Studio Energy BLU Studio Mini LTE BLU Studio Selfie LTE Boost MAX by ZTE Boost Warp 4G by ZTE Brigadier by Kyocera Casio EXILIM Casio G'zOne Boulder CASIO G'zONE Ravine 2 (Non-Camera) Casio GzOne Brigade Casio GzOne Commando Casio GzOne Ravine Casio GzOne Ravine 2 Casio GzOne Rock CAT B15Q CAT S40 Compaq Mini 110c-1048NR Coolpad Arise Coolpad Flo Coolpad Quattro 4G Dell Inspiron 14z Laptop Dell Inspiron Mini 10 with T-Mobile webConnect Dell Inspiron Mini 1012 Dell Streak 7 Diane Von Furstenberg Mobile by Samsung DROID 2 by Motorola DROID 2 Global by Motorola DROID 3 by Motorola DROID 4 by Motorola DROID BIONIC 4G by Motorola DROID by Motorola DROID CHARGE by Samsung Droid DNA by HTC DROID ERIS by HTC DROID INCREDIBLE 2 by HTC DROID Incredible 4G LTE by HTC DROID INCREDIBLE by HTC DROID Pro by Motorola DROID R2 D2 by Motorola DROID RAZR by Motorola DROID RAZR by Motorola 16GB DROID RAZR HD by Motorola DROID RAZR M by Motorola DROID RAZR MAXX by Motorola DROID RAZR MAXX HD by Motorola DROID Turbo DROID X by Motorola DROID X2 by Motorola Enact by LG Ericsson c905a Ericsson Equinox Ericsson TM506 Ericsson Vivaz Ericsson W350 Ericsson W518a Ericsson w760a Ericsson Z750a Firefly Fivespot Global Ready Franklin Wireless U680 USB Galaxy Nexus by Samsung Garmin Garminfone Garmin nuvifone G60 Gateway LT2016u Netbook Google Nexus 4 Google Nexus 5 Google Nexus 6 Google Nexus 9 Google Pixel C HP iPAQ Glisten HP Mini 110 Netbook HP Mini 110-1050NR HP Mini 1151NR Netbook HP Mini 210-1076NR Netbook HP Mini 311-1037NR Netbook HP Veer 4G HTC 8XT HTC Amaze HTC Aria HTC Arrive HTC Desire HTC Desire 510 HTC Desire 526 HTC Desire 610 HTC Desire 612 HTC Desire 626 HTC Desire 626s HTC Desire 816 HTC Desire 826 HTC Desire EYE HTC Droid DNA HTC EVO 3D HTC EVO 4G HTC EVO 4G LTE HTC EVO Design 4G HTC EVO Shift 4G HTC EVO View 4G HTC First HTC Freestyle HTC FUZE HTC HD 7 HTC HD2 HTC HD7S HTC Hero HTC Imagio HTC Inspire 4G HTC Jetstream HTC Merge HTC Mogul Pocket PC 6800 HTC One HTC One (E8) HTC One (M8) HTC One (M8) For Windows HTC One A9 HTC One M9 HTC One Max HTC One mini HTC One remix HTC One S HTC One SV HTC One V HTC One X HTC One X+ HTC Ozone HTC PPC6800 HTC Pure HTC Radar HTC Rezound HTC Rhyme HTC S621 Excalibur HTC S630 Cavalier HTC Sensation HTC Snap HTC Status HTC Surround HTC Thunderbolt HTC Tilt 2 HTC Titan HTC Titan II HTC Touch HTC Touch Diamond HTC Touch Pro HTC Touch Pro 2 HTC Trophy HTC Vivid HTC Wildfire S Huawei Activa 4G Huawei Ascend HUAWEI Ascend II Huawei Ascend Mate 2 Huawei Ascend Plus Huawei Ascend W1 Huawei Ascend Y Huawei EC168 Huawei Glory Huawei H210C Huawei H215G Huawei H866C Huawei Honor 6 Plus Huawei Inspira Huawei M735 Huawei M835 Huawei Mate S Huawei Nexus 6P Huawei P8 lite Huawei Pal Huawei Pinnacle Huawei Premia 4G Huawei SnapTo Huawei Summit Huawei U8651T Prism Huawei Union Huawei Valiant Huawei Verge Huawei Vitria Huawei Watch Jolla Tablet KIN One KIN Two Kyocera 126C Kyocera 323 Kyocera Brigadier Kyocera Brio Kyocera Coast Kyocera Contact Kyocera DuraCore Kyocera DuraForce Kyocera DuraMax Kyocera DuraPlus Kyocera DuraShock Kyocera DuraXT Kyocera DuraXV Kyocera E1000 Kyocera E1100 Neo Kyocera E2000 Kyocera Echo Kyocera Event Kyocera Hydro Kyocera Hydro Edge Kyocera Hydro Elite Kyocera Hydro Icon Kyocera Hydro Vibe Kyocera Hydro Wave Kyocera Hydro XTRM Kyocera K132 Kyocera Kona Kyocera Loft Kyocera Milano Kyocera Presto Kyocera Rise Kyocera SE47 Slider Kyocera Torino Kyocera Torque Kyocera TorqueXT Kyocera Verve LG 221C LG 101 LG 1500 LG 220C LG 231C LG 235C LG 236C LG 320G LG 400G LG 450 LG 500G LG 505C LG 511C LG 600G LG 620G LG 800G LG 900G LG A340 LG A380 LG Access LTE LG Accolade LG Ally LG Arena LG Aspire LG AX155 LG AX300 LG AX310 LG AX565 LG AX8600 LG Banter LG Beacon LG CF360 LG Chocolate 3 LG Chocolate Touch LG Chocolate VX8550 LG Chocolate White LG Clout LG Connect 4G LG Cosmos LG Cosmos 2 LG Cosmos 3 LG Cosmos Touch LG Dare LG Decoy LG dLite LG Doubleplay LG Enact LG Encore LG Enlighten LG enV Touch LG enV VX11000 LG enV VX9900 LG enV2 LG enV3 LG Escape LG Esteem LG Exalt LG eXpo LG Extravert LG Extravert 2 LG Fathom LG G Flex LG G Flex 2 LG G Pad 10.1 LTE LG G Pad 10.1 LTE LG G Pad 7.0 LTE LG G Pad 7.0 LTE LG G Pad 8.3 LG G Pad F7.0 LG G Stylo LG G Vista LG G Vista 2 LG G2 LG G3 LG G3 Vigor LG G4 LG Glance LG Glimmer LG Google Nexus 4 LG GS170 LG GU295 LG INCITE LG Intuition LG Invision LG L35G SIM4 LG Lancet LG Leon LTE LG Lotus LG Lotus Elite LG Lucid 2 LG Lucid 3 LG Lucky LG LX150 LG LX160 LG LX290 LG LX350 LG LX370 LG LX400 LG LX550 LG Mach LG Marquee LG Migo LG Motion 4G LG Muziq LX570 LG Neon LG Neon II LG Nexus 5X LG Nitro HD LG Octane LG Optimus Black LG Optimus Dynamic LG Optimus Dynamic II LG Optimus Elite LG Optimus Exceed LG Optimus Exceed 2 LG Optimus Extreme LG Optimus F3 LG Optimus F3Q LG Optimus F6 LG Optimus F7 LG Optimus Fuel LG Optimus G LG Optimus G Pro LG Optimus L70 LG Optimus L9 LG Optimus L90 LG Optimus Logic LG Optimus M LG Optimus M+ LG Optimus Net LG Optimus One P500 LG Optimus Q LG Optimus S LG Optimus SHOWTIME LG Optimus T LG Optimus Ultimate LG Optimus Zip LG Optimus Zone LG Optimus Zone 2 LG Phoenix LG PM-225 LG Prime LG Quantum LG Realm LG Remarq LG Revere LG Revere 2 LG Revere 3 LG Revolution LG Rhythm LG Rumor LG Rumor 2 LG Rumor Reflex LG Rumor Reflex S LG Rumor Touch LG Scoop LG Sentio LG Shine CU720 LG Shine II LG Spirit 4G LG Sunrise LG Swift LG Thrill LG Transpyre LG Tribute LG Tribute 2 LG Tritan LG Ultimate 2 LG UX145 LG UX260 LG UX280 LG UX300 LG UX380 LG UX565 LG UX830 LG V10 LG Venice LG Versa LG VI-125 LG VI-5225 LG Viper LG VL600 4G USB Modem LG Volt LG Volt 2 LG Vortex LG Vu CU915 LG Vu CU920 LG Vu Plus LG VX3100 LG VX3300 LG VX3400 LG VX3450 LG VX3450L LG VX4400 LG VX4500 LG VX5200 LG VX5400 LG VX5500 LG VX7000 LG VX8000 LG VX8300 LG VX8350 LG VX8360 LG VX8600 LG VX9800 LG Watch Urbane LG Xenon LG Xpression LG Xpression 2 LG100C LG200C LG225 LG300G LG400G LG501C LG620G LG900G Lucid 3 by LG Lucid by LG Microsoft Lumia 535 Microsoft Lumia 550 Microsoft Lumia 640 Microsoft Lumia 640 XL Microsoft Lumia 950 Microsoft Lumia 950 XL MiFi 2200 Mobile Hotspot MiFi 3G/4G Mobile Hotspot MiFi 500 LTE by Novatel Wireless Moto 360 (2nd Gen) 42mm Moto 360 (2nd Gen) 46mm Moto 360 Sport Motorola 408 Motorola A1200 Ming Motorola A630 Motorola ACTV Motorola Admiral Motorola Adventure V750 Motorola Atrix 2 Motorola Atrix 4G Motorola Atrix HD Motorola Backflip Motorola Bali Motorola Barrage Motorola Bravo Motorola Brute i680 Motorola Brute i686 Motorola Buzz ic502 Motorola C139 Motorola C168i Motorola Charm Motorola Citrus Motorola CLIQ Motorola CLIQ 2 Motorola CLIQ XT Motorola Clutch i465 Motorola Clutch i475 Motorola Debut i856 Motorola Defy Motorola Defy XT Motorola Devour Motorola Droid Bionic Motorola DROID MAXX Motorola DROID Maxx 2 Motorola DROID Mini Motorola DROID Turbo 2 Motorola DROID Ultra Motorola Droid XYBoard 10.1 Motorola Droid XYBoard 8.2 Motorola E815 Motorola EM326g Motorola EM330 Motorola Entice Motorola Evoke Motorola EX124G Motorola EX431G Motorola Flipout Motorola Flipside Motorola Gallo i296 Motorola Hint Motorola Hint QA30 Motorola i1 Motorola i412 Motorola i530b Motorola i530y Motorola i570 Motorola i576 Motorola i605 Motorola i710 Motorola i776 Motorola i830 Motorola i880 Motorola i886 Motorola i890 Motorola Karma QA1 Motorola Krave ZN4 Motorola KRZR K1 Motorola KRZR K1m Motorola L2 Motorola L6 Motorola Luge Motorola Moto E (1st Gen) Motorola Moto E (2nd Gen) Motorola Moto G Motorola Moto G (3rd Gen) Motorola Moto X Motorola Moto X (2014) Motorola Moto X Play Motorola Moto X Style (Pure Edition) Motorola MOTORAZR maxx Ve Motorola MOTORAZR VE20 Motorola PEBL Motorola PHOTON 4G Motorola Photon Q Motorola Q9 Global Motorola Q9c Motorola Q9m Motorola Rambler Motorola Rapture VU30 Motorola RAZR V3 Motorola RAZR V3 Dolce & Gabbana Motorola RAZR V3c Motorola RAZR V3c Motorola RAZR V3i/ V3t/ V3r Motorola RAZR V3m Motorola RAZR V3xx Motorola RAZR2 V9m Motorola Renegade V950 Motorola Renew Motorola Rival Motorola RIZR Z3 Motorola RIZR Z6c Motorola ROKR Motorola ROKR E8 Motorola ROKR U9 Motorola ROKR Z6 Motorola SLVR L7c Motorola Stature i9 Motorola T722i Motorola Theory Motorola Titanium Motorola Triumph Motorola Tundra Motorola V120e Motorola V171 Motorola V180 Motorola V190 Motorola V195 Motorola V220 Motorola V235 Motorola V260 Motorola V325 Motorola V360 Motorola V551 Motorola V600 Motorola V60s Motorola V710 Motorola VE465 Motorola VU204 Motorola W315 Motorola W375g Motorola W380 Motorola W385 Motorola W408g Motorola W409G Motorola W418G Motorola W490 Motorola W755 Motorola XOOM Motorola XOOM 4G LTE Motorola XPRT Motorola Z9 Motorola Zine ZN5 myTouch 4G NEC Terrain Netgear 341U USB Modem Netgear Mingle Mobile Hotspot Netgear Zing Nexbit Robin Nexus S 4G Nexus S from Google Nokia 1208 Nokia 1600 Nokia 1616 Nokia 1661 Nokia 1680 Nokia 2320 Nokia 2330 Nokia 2600 Nokia 2605 Mirage Nokia 2610 Nokia 2630 Nokia 2660 Nokia 2680 Nokia 2720 Nokia 2760 Nokia 3220 Nokia 3555 Nokia 3588i Nokia 3660 Nokia 3711 Nokia 5130 Nokia 5230 Nuron Nokia 5310 XpressMusic Nokia 5610 Nokia 6010 Nokia 6015i Nokia 6030 Nokia 6085 Nokia 6101 Nokia 6102i Nokia 6133 Nokia 6165i Nokia 6205 Nokia 6215i Nokia 6236i Nokia 6263 Nokia 6301 Nokia 6315i Nokia 6350 Nokia 6555 Nokia 6650 Nokia 6800 Nokia 7205 Intrigue Nokia 7510 Nokia 7705 Twist Nokia Astound Nokia C3 Nokia E71 Nokia E71x Nokia E73 Mode Nokia Lumia 1020 Nokia Lumia 1520 Nokia Lumia 2520 Nokia Lumia 520 Nokia Lumia 521 Nokia Lumia 530 Nokia Lumia 625 Nokia Lumia 635 Nokia Lumia 710 Nokia Lumia 810 Nokia Lumia 820 Nokia Lumia 822 Nokia Lumia 830 Nokia Lumia 900 Nokia Lumia 920 Nokia Lumia 925 Nokia Lumia 928 Nokia Lumia Icon Nokia Mural Nokia N1 Nokia N73 Nokia N75 Nokia N95 8GB Nokia NGage Nokia Surge Nokia Twist 7705 Nokia VI-3155 Nokia X2 Novatel EX720 ExpressCard Novatel Merlin C777 Novatel Merlin S620 Novatel MiFi 2200 Novatel MiFi 5580 Novatel Ovation U727 Novatel Ovation U760 Novatel PC770 PCmCIA Novatel S720 Novatel U760 Novatel USB1000 Global Modem Novatel V620 EVDO PC Card Novatel V640 PC/Mac USB Broadband Card Novatel V740 PC/Mac Wireless Broadband Card OnePlus 2 OnePlus One OnePlus X Option Quicksilver USB Modem Overdrive 3G 4G Mobile Hotspot Overdrive Pro 3G/4G Hotspot Palm Centro Palm M500 Palm Pixi Palm Pixi Plus Palm Pre Palm Pre 2 Palm Pre Plus Palm Pro Palm Pro Palm Treo 650 Palm Treo 700p Palm Treo 700w Palm Treo 700wx Palm Treo 755p Palm Treo 800w Palm Treo Pro Pantech Breakout Pantech Breeze Pantech Breeze II Pantech Breeze III Pantech Burst Pantech C120 Pantech C300 Pantech C3b Pantech C610 Pantech Caper Pantech Crossover Pantech Crux Pantech Ease Pantech Hotshot Pantech Impact Pantech Jest 2 Pantech Laser Pantech Link Pantech Link II Pantech Marauder Pantech Matrix Pantech Matrix Pro Pantech Perception Pantech PN-820 Pantech Pocket Pantech Pursuit Pantech Pursuit II Pantech Renue Pantech Reveal Pantech Slate Pantech Swift Pantech UML290 4G USB Modem Pantech UML295 LTE USB Modem PCD Chaser Phone Connect 3 Plum Might Z513 Que 4.5 Que 5.0 REEF RIM BlackBerry 6710 RIM BlackBerry 7100t RIM BlackBerry 7105t RIM BlackBerry 7130e RIM BlackBerry 7230 RIM BlackBerry 8700g Rugged CAT S50 S275G Samsung 4G Mobile Hotspot LC11 Samsung A107 Samsung A117 Samsung A127 Samsung A137 Samsung A167 Samsung A187 Samsung A197 Samsung A237 Samsung A580 Samsung A630 Samsung A637 Samsung A650 Samsung A670 Samsung A777 Samsung A870 Samsung A890 Samsung A930 Samsung A950 Samsung A970 Samsung A990 Samsung Access Samsung Ace i325 Samsung Admire Samsung Alias 2 Samsung Array Samsung ATIV Odyssey Samsung ATIV S Neo Samsung ATIV SE Samsung Beat Samsung Behold Samsung Behold II Samsung BlackJack i607 Samsung BlackJack II i617 Samsung Brightside Samsung Captivate Samsung Captivate Glide Samsung Comeback Samsung Conquer 4G Samsung Continuum Samsung Contour 2 Samsung Convoy Samsung Convoy 2 Samsung Convoy 3 Samsung Craft Samsung D415 Samsung D900 Samsung Dart Samsung Delve Samsung DoubleTime Samsung E105 Samsung E315 Samsung E335 Samsung E635 Samsung E715 Samsung Entro Samsung Epic Samsung Epix Samsung Eternity Samsung Eternity II Samsung Evergreen Samsung Exclaim Samsung Exhibit 4G Samsung Exhibit II 4G Samsung Factor Samsung Fascinate Samsung Flight Samsung Flight II Samsung FlipShot SCH-U900 Samsung Focus Samsung Focus 2 Samsung Focus Flash Samsung Focus S Samsung Freeform Samsung Freeform II Samsung Freeform III Samsung Freeform M Samsung Galaxy Ace Samsung Galaxy Ace 4 LTE Samsung Galaxy Ace Style Samsung Galaxy Admire 4G Samsung Galaxy Alpha Samsung Galaxy Appeal Samsung Galaxy Attain 4G Samsung Galaxy Avant Samsung Galaxy Centura Samsung Galaxy Core Prime Samsung Galaxy Discover Samsung Galaxy Exhibit Samsung Galaxy Exhilarate Samsung Galaxy Express GoPhone Samsung Galaxy Grand Prime Samsung Galaxy Indulge Samsung Galaxy J1 LTE Samsung Galaxy Light Samsung Galaxy Mega 2 Samsung Galaxy Mega 6.3 Samsung Galaxy Note Samsung Galaxy Note 10.1 Samsung Galaxy Note 3 Samsung Galaxy Note 4 Samsung Galaxy Note 5 Samsung Galaxy Note Edge Samsung Galaxy Note II Samsung Galaxy Note Pro Samsung Galaxy Precedent Samsung Galaxy Prevail Samsung Galaxy Prevail 2 Samsung Galaxy Proclaim Samsung Galaxy Reverb Samsung Galaxy Ring Samsung Galaxy Rugby Pro Samsung Galaxy Rush Samsung Galaxy S 4 zoom Samsung Galaxy S 4G Samsung Galaxy S Blaze Samsung Galaxy S II Samsung Galaxy S II Skyrocket Samsung Galaxy S III Samsung Galaxy S III Mini Samsung Galaxy S Lightray 4G Samsung Galaxy S Relay 4G Samsung Galaxy S4 Samsung Galaxy S4 Active Samsung Galaxy S4 Mini Samsung Galaxy S5 Samsung Galaxy S5 Active Samsung Galaxy S5 mini Samsung Galaxy S5 Sport Samsung Galaxy S6 Samsung Galaxy S6 Active Samsung Galaxy S6 Edge Samsung Galaxy S6 edge+ Samsung Galaxy Stardust Samsung Galaxy Stellar Samsung Galaxy Stratosphere II Samsung Galaxy Tab Samsung Galaxy Tab 2 Samsung Galaxy Tab 3 Samsung Galaxy Tab 4 Samsung Galaxy Tab 4 10.1 Samsung Galaxy Tab 4 8.0 Samsung Galaxy Tab 4G - 16GB Samsung Galaxy Tab 4G - 32GB Samsung Galaxy Tab S Samsung Galaxy Tab S 10.5 Samsung Galaxy Tab S 10.5 Samsung Galaxy Tab S 8.4 Samsung Galaxy Tab S2 9.7 Samsung Galaxy Victory 4G LTE Samsung Galaxy View Samsung Gear 2 Samsung Gear S2 Samsung Gleam U700 Samsung Glyde Samsung GO Netbook Samsung Gravity Samsung Gravity 2 Samsung Gravity 3 Samsung Gravity Q Samsung Gravity SMART Samsung Gravity T Samsung Gravity TXT Samsung Gusto Samsung Gusto 2 Samsung Gusto 3 Samsung Haven Samsung Highlight Samsung Highnote Samsung Hue II Samsung Illusion Samsung Impression Samsung Infuse 4G Samsung Instinct Samsung Instinct HD Samsung Instinct S30 Samsung Intensity Samsung Intensity II Samsung Intensity III Samsung Intercept Samsung Intrepid Samsung IP-830 Samsung IP-A790 Samsung Jack Samsung Juke U470 Samsung Katalyst T739 Samsung Knack U310 Samsung M220 Samsung M240 Samsung M300 Samsung M320 Samsung M330 Samsung M360 Samsung M370 Samsung M400 Samsung M500 Samsung M510 Samsung M520 Samsung M610 Samsung Magnet Samsung Matrix Samsung Memoir Samsung MM-A920 Samsung Moment Samsung Muse Samsung MyShot Samsung Mysto Samsung Mythic Samsung Omnia Samsung Omnia II Samsung PM-A740 Samsung Precedent Samsung Propel Samsung Propel Pro Samsung R225m Samsung R335C Samsung R375C Samsung R451C Samsung R455C Samsung R610 Samsung Rant Samsung Reality Samsung Reclaim Samsung Renown Samsung Replenish Samsung Restore Samsung Rogue Samsung Rugby Samsung Rugby 4 Samsung Rugby II Samsung Rugby Smart Samsung S275G Samsung S380C Samsung S390G Samsung S425G Samsung Saga Samsung SCH-i600 Samsung SCH-i730 Samsung SCH-U340 Samsung SCH-U540 Samsung SCH-U620 Samsung SCH-U740 Samsung Seek Samsung SGH-T199 Samsung Smiley Samsung Smooth Samsung Solstice Samsung Solstice II Samsung SP-i600 Samsung Spex r210 Samsung SPH-i700 Samsung Stratosphere Samsung Stripe T329 Samsung Strive Samsung Sunburst Samsung Sway Samsung T109 Samsung T119 Samsung T139 Samsung T159 Samsung T201G Samsung T209 Samsung T219 Samsung T229 Samsung T239 Samsung T249 Samsung t259 Samsung T309 Samsung T319 Samsung T339 Samsung T349 Samsung T369 Samsung T401G Samsung T404G Samsung T439 Samsung T509 Samsung T519 Trace Samsung T528G Samsung T609 Samsung T619 Samsung T629 Samsung T639 Samsung t659 Samsung T719 Samsung T809 Samsung T819 Samsung Trance Samsung Transform Samsung Transform Ultra Samsung Trender Samsung U430 Samsung U450 Samsung U550 Samsung Upstage M620 Samsung VI660 Samsung Vibrant Samsung X427M Samsung X495 Samsung Z400 Samsung Z700 Samsung Zeal Sanyo 7050 Sanyo 8400 Sanyo Incognito Sanyo Innuendo Sanyo Innuendo by Kyocera Sanyo Katana Sanyo Katana DLX Sanyo Katana Eclipse Sanyo Katana Eclipse X Sanyo Katana II Sanyo Katana LX Sanyo M1 Sanyo MM-8300 Sanyo PRO-200 Sanyo PRO-700 Sanyo S1 Sanyo SCP-2400 Sanyo SCP-2700 Sanyo SCP-3100 Sanyo SCP-3200 Sanyo SCP-3810 Sanyo Taho by Kyocera Sanyo Vero by Kyocera Sanyo Zio Saygus V2 Sharp Aquos Crystal Sharp FX Sharp FX PLUS Siemens CF62T Sierra 598 USB Modem Sierra USB Lightning 305 Sierra Wireless 4G LTE Tri-Fi Hotspot Sierra Wireless AC595 PCMCIA Wireless Card Sierra Wireless AC595U USB PC/Mac Card Sierra Wireless AC597 ExpressCard PC/Mac Card Sierra Wireless AirCard 402 Sierra Wireless Compass 597 USB Modem SKY 4.0 Sky 5.0L Sonim XP STRIKE Sonim XP6 Sony C1904 Xperia M Sony Ericsson Equinox Sony Ericsson GC79 Cellular and WiFi PC Card Sony Ericsson GC89 PCMCIA PC Cell WiFi Card Sony Ericsson J220a Sony Ericsson K550 Sony Ericsson T290a Sony Ericsson T610 Sony Ericsson TM506 Sony Ericsson W580i Sony Ericsson W810i Sony Ericsson Xperia PLAY Sony Ericsson Z300 Sony Ericsson Z310a Sony Ericsson Z750a Sony Ericsson Z780 Sony Xperia E3 Sony Xperia E4 Sony Xperia M Sony Xperia M4 Aqua Sony Xperia PLAY 4G Sony Xperia T3 LTE Sony Xperia X10 Sony Xperia Z Sony Xperia Z1S Sony Xperia Z2 Sony Xperia Z3 Sony Xperia Z3 Compact Sony Xperia Z3+ Sony Xperia Z3v Sony Xperia Z4 Sony Xperia Z4 Tablet Sony Xperia Z4v Sony Xperia Z5 Sony Xperia Z5 Compact Sony Xperia Z5 Premium Spectrum 2 by LG Spectrum by LG Sprint 3G 4G U600 USB Modem Sprint 3G/4G Plug-in Connect USB Sprint 3G|4G USB 250U Sprint Flash Sprint Force Sprint LivePro Sprint Phone Connect 2 Sprint Plug-in-Connect Trimode Sprint Pocket WiFi Sprint PPC 6700 Sprint Vital Sprint WeGo T-Mobile 4G LTE HotSpot Z915 T-Mobile 4G Mobile Hotspot T-Mobile 665 T-Mobile 768 T-Mobile Comet T-Mobile Concord T-Mobile Concord II T-Mobile Dash T-Mobile Dash 3G T-Mobile G-Slate with Google T-Mobile G1 T-Mobile G2 T-Mobile G2x T-Mobile Jet 2.0 4G Stick T-Mobile MDA T-Mobile myTouch T-Mobile myTouch 3G T-Mobile myTouch 3G Slide T-Mobile myTouch 4G T-Mobile myTouch 4G Slide T-Mobile myTouch by LG T-Mobile myTouch Q T-Mobile myTouch Q by LG T-Mobile Prism T-Mobile Prism II T-Mobile Rocket 3.0 4G Laptop T-Mobile SDA T-Mobile Shadow T-Mobile Sidekick T-Mobile Sidekick 3 T-Mobile Sidekick 4G T-Mobile Sidekick iD T-Mobile Sidekick II T-Mobile Sidekick LX T-Mobile Sidekick Slide T-Mobile Sonic 4G T-Mobile Sparq T-Mobile Sparq II T-Mobile Tap T-Mobile webConnect Jet USB T-Mobile webConnect USB T-Mobile Wing Turing Phone UNIMAX MAXBravo Unimax MXE-675 UT Starcom PC-5740 UTStarcom Blitz UTStarcom CDM-8945 UTStarcom CDM-8975 UTStarcom Coupe UTStarcom PC5750 PCMCIA PC Broadband Card UTStarcom SMT5800 UTStarcom UM150 USB Modem UTStarcom UM175 USB UTStarcom XV6800 Pocket PC Verizon 4G LTE Broadband Router with Voice Verizon 4G LTE MiFi 4510L Verizon 4G LTE USB Modem 551L Verizon 4G LTE USB Modem UML295 Verizon AD3700 Global USB Verizon Adamant Verizon Blitz Verizon CDM8950 Verizon CDM8975 Verizon Ellipsis 8 Verizon Ellipsis Jetpack MHS800L Verizon Escapade Verizon GzOne Boulder Verizon Jetpack 4G LTE Mobile Hotspot - MiFi 4620L Verizon Jetpack 4G LTE Mobile Hotspot - MiFi 5510L Verizon Jetpack 4G LTE Mobile Hotspot - MiFi MHS291L Verizon Jetpack 4G LTE Mobile Hotspot 890L Verizon Jetpack 4G LTE Mobile Hotspot MHS291L Verizon Jetpack MiFi 4620LE 4G LTE Verizon Jetpack MiFi 5510L 4G LTE Mobile Hotspot Verizon Jetpack MiFi 6620L Verizon Razzle Verizon SMT5800 Verizon UM175 USB Data Modem Verizon UMW190 Global USB Verizon USB760 Modem Verizon VX6900 Verizon Wireless Fivespot Global Ready 3G Mobile Hotspot Verizon Wireless Home Phone Connect Verizon Wireless Salute Verizon Wireless Turbine 7.0 Verizon Wireless USB551L Virgin Mobile Awe webConnect Rocket HSPA+ Windows Phone 8S Windows Phone 8X Xperia ion by Sony YotaPhone 2 ZTE Anthem 4G ZTE Aspect ZTE Avid 4G ZTE Axon Pro ZTE Boost Max+ ZTE Compel ZTE Concord II ZTE Force ZTE Fury ZTE Grand S3 ZTE Grand X Max+ ZTE Illustra ZTE Majesty ZTE Maven ZTE Merit ZTE Midnight ZTE Nubia 5S Mini ZTE Optik ZTE Overture 2 ZTE Prestige ZTE Quartz ZTE Rapido LTE ZTE Savvy ZTE Score M ZTE Solar ZTE Speed ZTE Supreme ZTE Unico LTE ZTE Valet ZTE Vital ZTE Warp ZTE Warp Elite ZTE Warp Sequent ZTE Warp Sync ZTE Whirl ZTE Z432 ZTE Z667 ZTE Zephyr ZTE Zinger ZTE ZMAX ZTE ZMAX 2 AT&T GoPhone $30 Monthly Plan for Smartphones AT&T GoPhone $40 Monthly Plan for Smartphones AT&T GoPhone $45 Smartphone Monthly Plan with Data AT&T GoPhone $60 Smartphone Monthly Plan with Data AT&T Mobile Share 10GB AT&T Mobile Share 15GB AT&T Mobile Share 1GB AT&T Mobile Share 20GB AT&T Mobile Share 2GB AT&T Mobile Share 300MB AT&T Mobile Share 40GB AT&T Mobile Share 4GB AT&T Mobile Share 50GB AT&T Mobile Share 6GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 10GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 15GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 1GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 20GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 25GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 2GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 300MB AT&T Mobile Share Value 30GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 3GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 40GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 50GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 5GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 60GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 6GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 7GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 8GB Boost Mobile BlackBerry Monthly Unlimited Boost Mobile Data Boost Boost Mobile Monthly Unlimited Plan with Shrinking Payments Boost Mobile Monthly Unlimited Select Boost Mobile Monthly Unlimited with Growing Data CREDO Mobile 10GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 15GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 1GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 2GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 3GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 4GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 6GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 8GB Shared Data Plan FreedomPop Unlimited Talk & Text 1GB FreedomPop Unlimited Talk & Text 500MB GIV Mobile The 20 Plan GIV Mobile The 25 Plan GIV Mobile The 30 Plan GIV Mobile The 40 Plan GIV Mobile The 60 Plan MetroPCS $40 Unlimited Talk, Text and Data MetroPCS $50 Unlimited Talk, Text and Data MetroPCS $60 Unlimited Talk, Text and Data Net10 Unlimited Talk, Text, Data Net10 Unlimited Talk, Text, Data Family (2+ Lines) Republic Refund Plan with 0.5 GB Republic Refund Plan with 1 GB Republic Refund Plan with 2 GB Republic Refund Plan with 3 GB Republic Refund Plan with 4 GB Republic Refund Plan with 5 GB Republic Wireless $10 Plan Republic Wireless $25 Plan Republic Wireless $40 Plan Republic Wireless $5 Plan (WiFi Only) Republic Wireless Base Plan ROK Mobile Ultimate Unlimited Scratch Wireless Free Plan Scratch Wireless Free Plan + $1.99 Voice Pass Scratch Wireless Free Plan + $14.99 Voice Pass Scratch Wireless Free Plan + $6.99 Voice Pass Solavei Prepaid Unlimited Sprint $60 Unlimited Plan Sprint All-In Wireless Smartphone + Unlimited Sprint Family Share Pack 10GB Sprint Family Share Pack 12GB Sprint Family Share Pack 16GB Sprint Family Share Pack 1GB Sprint Family Share Pack 20GB Sprint Family Share Pack 2GB Sprint Family Share Pack 32GB Sprint Family Share Pack 40GB Sprint Family Share Pack 4GB Sprint Family Share Pack 60GB Sprint Family Share Pack 8GB Sprint Prepaid $60 Unlimited Talk, Text & Data Sprint Prepaid Unlimited Voice and Texting Sprint Simply Unlimited Plan for iPhone 6 & iPhone 6 Plus Sprint Unlimited My All-In Sprint Unlimited My Way Sprint Unlimited My Way Family Straight Talk All You Need Straight Talk Unlimited T-Mobile Simple Choice T-Mobile Simple Choice Family (Includes 2+ Lines) T-Mobile Simple Starter Plan T-Mobile Simply Prepaid T-Mobile Unlimited Talk and Text T-Mobile Unlimited Web and Text TextNow Wireless Grande Plan TextNow Wireless Quattro Plan TextNow Wireless Tall Plan TextNow Wireless Venti Plan The Verizon Plan - 100GB The Verizon Plan - 20GB The Verizon Plan - 25GB The Verizon Plan - 30GB The Verizon Plan - 40GB The Verizon Plan - 50GB The Verizon Plan - 60GB The Verizon Plan - 80GB The Verizon Plan - L The Verizon Plan - M The Verizon Plan - S The Verizon Plan - XL The Verizon Plan - XXL Ting L Plan Ting M Plan Ting S Plan Ting XL Plan TracFone 120 Minutes Pay As You Go Plan TracFone 200 Minutes Pay As You Go Plan TracFone 450 Minutes Pay As You Go Plan US Mobile 100 Mins Talk US Mobile 1000 Mins Talk US Mobile 2000 Mins Talk US Mobile 250 Mins Talk US Mobile 500 Mins Talk Verizon 100GB More Everything Verizon 10GB More Everything Verizon 14GB More Everything Verizon 15GB More Everything Verizon 16GB More Everything Verizon 20GB More Everything Verizon 2GB More Everything Verizon 30GB More Everything Verizon 40GB More Everything Verizon 4GB More Everything Verizon 500MB More Everything Verizon 50GB More Everything Verizon 60GB More Everything Verizon 80GB More Everything Verizon 8GB More Everything Verizon Prepaid Smartphone Plan Verizon Wireless Smartphone Single Line Plan Virgin Mobile payLo 1500 Talk & Text Virgin Mobile payLo 400 Minutes Virgin Mobile payLo Unlimited Talk & Text Virgin Mobile Unlimited + International + Extra Virgin Mobile Unlimited + More Data Virgin Mobile Unlimited Everything + International. Select the amount of total data you need for the entire plan.. For example, if you need 2 lines with 1 GB of data each, you would select 2 GB of data with the data slider below.. - Any - 0 5KB 50MB 30MB 100MB 150MB 200MB 250MB 300MB 400MB 500MB 600MB 700MB 800MB 900MB 1GB 1.5GB 2GB 2.5GB 3GB 4GB 5GB 6GB 7GB 8GB 10GB 12GB 14GB 15GB 16GB 18GB 20GB 25GB 30GB 32GB 35GB 40GB 50GB 60GB 80GB 100GB 120GB Unlimited. Android Data Featured News/Articles Rate plans Rumors Site announcements Software updates T-mobile Promotions Tablet Tips and Tricks Upcoming Phones Upcoming Services Windows Phone. PhoneDog Huawei MediaPad M5 tablets official with high-res screens, Android 8.0 Oreo HMD Global shows off five Nokia phones at MWC 2018 Samsung Galaxy S9 and S9+ pricing and deals for US carriers announced Samsung Galaxy S9 and S9+ feature Snapdragon 845, stereo speakers As flagship prices rise, are you considering more affordable options? ZTE Tempo Go is an Android Go phone that's coming to the US ZTE Blade V9 debuts with dual rear cameras and Android 8.1 Oreo. Huawei intros a trio of premium Android Amazon now offering discounts on Fire HMD Global to launch high-end Nokia ZTE Blade V9 now official as well as Alcatel T1 7 and T1 10 are new Android. PhoneDog is one of the largest and most popular interactive mobile news and reviews resource that attracts a community of more than 2.5 million unique visitors each month. The site may have a "cute" name, but it offers up serious editorial content and video reviews that users rely on to make important decisions about their next mobile purchases.. PhoneDog - Cell phone news. Android And Me - Google & Android. TmoNews - The Unofficial T-Mobile Blog. Reproduction without explicit permission is prohibited. 
BLU Vivo XL2 - blue - 4G LTE - 32 GB - GSM - smartphone. BLU Vivo XL2 - blue - 4G LTE - 32 GB - GSM - smartphone. BLU Vivo XL2 - blue - 4G LTE - 32 GB - GSM - smartphone. Speakerphone, voice control, call timer, conference call, flight mode, voice dialing, vibrating alert. Rear-facing camera, front-facing camera, FM radio, audio player, voice recorder. Corning Gorilla Glass 3 (scratch resistant glass). microSDXC - up to 64 GB. USB Type-C - 24 pin USB-C Headphones - mini-phone 3.5 mm. BLU Vivo XL2 - blue - 4G LTE - 32 GB - GSM - smartphone. CNET earns fees when you click these offers.. CNET may earn fees when you click through to a partner site.. 
GSM 850 / 900 / 1800 / 1900 - SIM 1 & SIM 2. HSDPA 850 / 1700(AWS) / 1900 / 2100. LTE band 2(1900), 4(1700/2100), 7(2600), 12(700), 17(700). HSPA 42.2/11.5 Mbps, LTE Cat4 150/50 Mbps. 155.3 x 76.7 x 7.5 mm (6.11 x 3.02 x 0.30 in). 5.5 inches, 83.4 cm 2 (~70.0% screen-to-body ratio). 720 x 1280 pixels, 16:9 ratio (~267 ppi density). Android 5.1 (Lollipop), planned upgrade to 6.0 (Marshmallow). 13 MP, phase detection autofocus, LED flash. Geo-tagging, touch focus, face detection, panorama, HDR. SMS(threaded view), MMS, Email, Push Email, IM. Up to 725 h (2G) / Up to 625 h (3G). Up to 26 h (2G) / Up to 16 h (3G). We can not guarantee that the information on this page is 100% correct. BLU Vivo XL - user opinions and reviews. Greetings all, I'm using Blu Vivo XL & since two months now I've been unable to use the phone for calls and other mobile functionaries, I wiped the phone using hand hard reset method & I ended up having an invalid imei, please help me guys on.... Hey I really hope this is the fix - I'm on my second Blu Vivo XL - first one lasted about a year, kept it going for 18 months even with the charging problem (loose connection, type C, phone with removable battery). New phone is exactly 2 weeks home a.... Same problem for me also.. Samsung Apple Nokia Sony LG HTC Motorola Huawei Microsoft Lenovo Xiaomi Google Acer Asus Oppo OnePlus Meizu BlackBerry Alcatel ZTE Toshiba Vodafone Energizer XOLO Lava Micromax BLU Gionee vivo LeEco Panasonic HP YU verykool Maxwest Plum. BLU Vivo XL2 BLU Grand XL LTE BLU Life One X (2016) BLU Vivo X Samsung Galaxy S5 BLU Studio Max. BLU Vivo X BLU Vivo 8 BLU Vivo One BLU Vivo XL BLU Vivo 5 BLU Life One X3. 
Home Account Sign out Sign up Log in. Specs Prices Reviews Q+A. From - To. Blu Vivo XL2 - Reviews, Prices, Specs and Alternatives. $146.99 View deals. Compare Blu Vivo XL2 with: Samsung Galaxy Note 4 Lg X Power Honor 7X. 0-100 scale indicating how frequently people buy the product online. Aesthetically engraved Micro pattern followed by electrolyzed paint particle to achieved a metallic sunburst effect, captivating 5.5"HD display with IPS technology + Corning Gorilla glass 3 32GB Internal memory 3GB RAM Micro SD up to 64GB 13MP Autofocus Main Camera with flash + 8MP front Camera Cortex 1.4GHz Quad core processor with GPU Mali-T720; built in 3,150Mah battery quick charge, get 100% battery in a lighting speed of 2.5 hours. 4G LTE, (2/4/7/12/17), 4G HSPA+ (850/1700/1900/2100). GSM Quad band: US compatibility Nationwide on all GSM Networks including AT&T, T-Mobile, Cricket, MetroPCS, Straight Talk, and others Read more. Mouse over a color for a picture. Show weights for other variations 499 grams - Blue 454 grams 386 grams - Gold. Show dimensions for other variations 15 cm x 7.6 mm x 7.6 cm - Blue 16 cm x 7.9 cm x 7.6 mm 15 cm x 7.6 mm x 7.6 cm - Gold. 15 cm x 7.6 mm x 7.6 cm. Mouse over a model for a picture. V0070UU BLUE V0070UU GOLD. Samsung Galaxy Grand Prime DUOS 8GB. Key features Aesthetically engraved Micro pattern Electrolyzed paint particle Metallic sunburst effect 5.5"HD display with IPS technology Corning Gorilla glass 3 32GB Internal memory 3GB RAM Micro SD up to 64GB 13MP Autofocus Main Camera with flash 8MP front Camera Cortex 1.4GHz Quad core processor with GPU Mali-T720 Built in 3,150Mah battery 4G LTE 4G HSPA+ GSM Quad band. Blu Vivo XL2 is a very popular and one of the cheaper options. It's in the top 3 bestselling smartphones and has dozens of popular alternatives in the same price range, such as Motorola Moto G 16GB or BLU Life One X .. Blu Vivo XL2 is $24.99 less expensive than an average smartphone ($171.98).. Reviews from real customers who bought the product on Amazon. Loading customer reviews Retailer didn't disclose reviews for this item. Click here to view reviews on retailer's website Show price options, delivery options and more details for Blu Vivo XL2. There are 5 questions about Smartphones. what is the best phone in high cam quality. Related: Lg Q6 , Iphone 8 Plus , Smartphones | Submitted by anonymous 50 days ago. Answer question I have this question too. Be the first one to reply?. My Alcatel px4 uses too much electricity?. Related: Alcatel A30 Plus , Samsung Galaxy S7 32GB , Smartphones | Submitted by David 142 days ago. Answer question I have this question too. Be the first one to reply?. I am down to the wire on which phone to buy for amazon prime, I like the Moto G5 or Honor 8, any suggestions?. Related: Moto G Plus 5th Gen , Huawei Honor 8 , Smartphones | Submitted by anonymous 229 days ago. Answer question I have this question too. Be the first one to reply?. Is the Blu Vivo 5 compatible with Motorola Bluetooth hands free 325. Related: BLU VIVO 5 32GB , Smartphones | Submitted by anonymous 261 days ago. Answer question I have this question too. Be the first one to reply?. I just paid through ebay a purchase. Of Samsung Galaxy S6 SM-G920T - 32GB - Black (T-Mobile). It is still locked and am seeking to know. To unlock it and use in Zambia FSM lines.. Related: Smartphones | Submitted by anonymous 347 days ago. Answer question I have this question too. Be the first one to reply?. Blu Vivo XL2 vs Blu R1 Plus Blu Vivo XL2 vs LG G4 32GB. 6 Surprising Recipes You Can Make in a Slow Cooker. Top 4 Pressure Cookers to Save Time and Space. Top Qualities of a Good Espresso Machine. Go to Amazon Reviews Hide Amazon Reviews. This website displays data from third party public sources. We do not endorse or disapprove of any products presented here. The data presented is for information purposes only. All Trademarks and Copyrights belong to their respective owners. This website is an Amazon Affiliate.. Home page | Contact. us | Privacy. policy | Terms. use | Disclaimer | About. × Close Modal title. Join the community! ×. Already have an account? Log in. Don't have an account? Sign up. 
Samsung Galaxy S9 OnePlus 5T Huawei Mate 10 Google Pixel 2 OnePlus 5. LG K10 (2018) Samsung Galaxy S9 Elephone S8 HTC U11 Eyes Honor 9 Lite. Samsung Galaxy S9 OnePlus 5T Huawei Mate 10 Google Pixel 2 OnePlus 5. Buy and sell gently used phones. Blu vivo XL2 by narff24. Android Q&A, Help & Troubleshooting Android General Android Software and Hacking General [Developers Only] Android Software Development Miscellaneous Android Development. Xposed Framework Modules Android Themes Android Apps and Games Android Developer Previews. The XDA App is the fastest way to access the forums on mobile.. One-Handed Mode replicates the useful iOS "Reachability" feature without root.. Labs is an independent app store that gives developers full control over their work.. The ultimate, most complete theming solution for Android.. The best way to get cutting edge news about your device!. Guest Quick Reply (no urls or BBcode). The following errors occurred with your submission. By narff24 , Junior Member on 5th April 2017, 10:53 PM. Hi, i have just bought the new blu vivo xl2, and i want to know if this cellphone it can be rooted, i already try with kingo root PC Version but i was unlucky.. Honor 8 Pro and Honor 9 receive AOSP Android Oreo ROMs thanks to Project Treble >. Vote for the Next Honor AI Camera Recognition Scene >. How the Kirin 970 Uses AI to Take Better Photos >. Join Date: Joined: Aug 2015. My Devices: Samsung Galaxy S II I9100. There is a video tutorial here. Anyway the phone is new, so don't worry, soon it will be more supported like the vivo XL. Hi, i have just bought the new blu vivo xl2, and i want to know if this cellphone it can be rooted, i already try with kingo root PC Version but i was unlucky.. The Following User Says Thank You to MigoMujahid For This Useful Post: [ View ]. Join Date: Joined: Apr 2017. My Devices: Blu Vivo XL. I alredy try it but is spam, also with kingoroot APK with no luck, i think i need to be patience cuz is new. There is a video tutorial here. Anyway the phone is new, so don't worry, soon it will be more supported like the vivo XL. Join Date: Joined: Jul 2009. I tried some method given on Youtube or on the web but most of them lead to spam. I like the phone but hate interface and wanted to use some Android interface.. Join Date: Joined: Nov 2010. My Devices: Nexus 7 (2013) , LG G3 , Asus ZenFone 2. You know you can use ANY launcher you desire. And, if you don't like Start, you can disable it. Personally, I have disabled Start and use Nova launcher.. I tried some method given on Youtube or on the web but most of them lead to spam. I like the phone but hate interface and wanted to use some Android interface.. Join Date: Joined: Jul 2009. King Root adds so much adware and Spam to your phone and then finally says it is not supported. I will try disabling Start and using some other launcher if it gives me my real Android look.. I rooted and made a guide. Vivo XL2 TWRP 3.0 and Root. Hi, i have just bought the new blu vivo xl2, and i want to know if this cellphone it can be rooted, i already try with kingo root PC Version but i was unlucky.. Join Date: Joined: Dec 2016. Dears devs i have qmobile j7 pro i found its clone of blu vivo xl2 found twrp and root procedures on xda but cant find any custom rom any help please....... Posting Quick Reply - Please Wait. Top Threads in Android Q&A, Help & Troubleshooting by ThreadRank. [APP] themeGalaxy DIY for Samsung Galaxy Note/S/J/C/A [THEME MAKER] [NO-ROOT]. [TOOL] Unlock bootloader in ASUS ZenPad 3S 10 Z500M (P027). [TUT] How to convert system.new.dat.br to system.new.dat. Android Software and Hacking General [Developers Only]. Doogee S60 All in One Thread (Firmware, Recovery, ROOT, Xposed). [ROM] [ 8.0.0 ] Official madOS - Oukitel K6000 Plus [MT6750]. Blu vivo XL2 by narff24. ---- XDA 2013 Beta - 1024. XDA Developers was founded by developers, for developers. It is now a valuable resource for people who want to make the most of their mobile devices, from customizing the look and feel to adding new functionality. Are you a developer? | Terms of Service. 
Looks like your cart is empty. Get quick access to guides, parts, and answers for your devices. This page hasn't yet been categorized. Our admins will be around to organize this content soon!. This wiki does not have a summary. This wiki page is a stub. Help iFixit by adding information to it!. Why does my BLU vivo XL2 keep exiting applications?. Is it possible to replace the battery?. Latest update to 7.0 came with phonecall and YouTube issue. How can I clear the icons on my home screen?. Past 24 Hours: 1. Past 7 Days: 20. Past 30 Days: 91. 2018 iFixit – Licensed under Creative Commons – Privacy Policy. It's time to speak out for your right to repair. We have a chance to guarantee our right to repair electronic. equipment—like smartphones, computers, and even farm equipment. chance to protect local repair jobs—the corner mom-and-pop repair shops that. keep getting squeezed out by manufacturers.. Join the cause and tell your state representative to support Right to Repair. Tell them you believe repair should be fair, affordable, and accessible. Stand up for your right to repair!. 
The best way to stay connected to the Android pulse. Our main newsletter is the Android Weekly which is sent every Sunday and contains all the top Android news, reviews and features from the past week.. The best way to stay connected to the Android pulse.. 100% Privacy, No Spam Policy: We value privacy and your email address will be 100% secure. We hate spam just like you do and will never send you too much email, nor will we ever share your information with anyone.. BLU’s new $150 Vivo XL2 announced with a 5.5-inch display, 13MP camera. by Jimmy Westenberg January 25, 2017. Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus.. BLU , the Florida-based smartphone manufacturer, has made a name for itself over the years for creating high-quality, budget-friendly devices. of our favorite smartphones from the company, the. Vivo XL , has been rumored to launch ever since December of last year, and now that day has finally come.. The new BLU Vivo XL2 might not seem like a huge upgrade from the Vivo XL, though there are a few key features you’ll want to note. For starters, the design seems to have received a big update this year, with the device now featuring a new micro pattern engraving with a metallic finish, which gives off a glass-like transparent coat. It certainly looks a lot better than the Vivo XL, in our opinion.. The device sports a 5.5-inch IPS LCD display with a resolution of 1280 x 720, which is. a notable move from the AMOLED display that appeared in the XL. We told you in our full review that we really enjoyed the AMOLED panel on the XL, so we’re hoping this new device can offer up punchy and saturated colors, too.. Under the hood, you’ll find a 1.4GHz quad-core. MediaTek MT6737T processor, 3GB of RAM, 32GB of on-board storage and microSD expansion up to 64GB. Last year’s model only came with 2GB of RAM and 16GB of storage, so it’s nice to see that bump up this time around. In addition, the XL2 comes with a wide-angle 8MP front camera (compared to last year’s 5MP shooter), as well as a 13MP main sensor with PDAF and improvements in aperture, autofocus and more.. The XL2’s battery might have the same capacity as the XL (3,150mAh), but BLU says it’ll be able to last you up to 30% more than last year’s model.. The 5V/2A Quick Charger will charge the XL2 to 50% in just 30 minutes, and can get you 2 hours of talk time in just 10 minutes of charging time.. Perhaps the only downside to the XL2’s spec sheet is that it’s running Android 6.0 Marshmallow out of the box. Android 7.0 Nougat started rolling out to Nexus devices way back in August of 2016 – over five months ago – so it’s unfortunate to see a brand-spanking-new Android device launch with an old version of Android.. At this point, it's a shame to see new Marshmallow-powered devices released in 2017. You can purchase the BLU Vivo XL2 from Amazon for just $150 , which is certainly a decent price for a phone of this caliber. If you can get past the lack of Nougat on this device, we’d certainly recommend checking it out at the Amazon link below.. Please enter a valid email address. Android Authority APP Get it on. Your source for all things Android!. © 2018 Android Authority | All Rights Reserved.. 
We use JavaScript to create the most functional website possible for our customers. JavaScript enables you to fully navigate and make a purchase on our site. If disabled the content or the functionality of the website can be limited or unavailable. Please enable JavaScript in your browser for the best possible experience. Style Edit: New trends and inspiration. hsn card - apply now. hsn card - pay my bill. hsn card - offers. Eat & Drink on the Go. BLU Vivo XL2 5.5" 32GB Unlocked 4G LTE GSM Android Smartphone. You have great taste! This item has sold out.. BLU Vivo XL2 5.5" 32GB Unlocked 4G LTE GSM Android Smartphone. This item is in your Favorites. You will receive an alert when your item comes back in stock.. We will alert you as soon as your item is back in stock.. IMAN Global Chic Perfect Ponte 360º Slimming Boot-Cut Pant. DG2 by Diane Gilman Virtual Stretch Up-Lifter Boot-Cut Jean. Slinky® Brand Flounce-Sleeve Print Sharkbite Tunic and Pant Set. Grab-It™ Ultra 2-pack of 40" Reaching Grabber Tools. The Vivo XL2's stunning design utilizes state of the art tooling technology that engraved micro pattern onto the battery cover followed by electrolyzed paint particle to achieve a metallic sunburst effect that is both eye catching and aesthetically pleasing to user. The beautifully crafted curved glass display compliments the all ready premium finished smartphone. The Vivo XL2 can handle all your performance demands, with a MediaTek 6737T Chipset and 1.4GHz Quad-Core Processor, you can watch all your favorite fast paced movies and never miss a beat with the lightning fast Mali-T720 GPU. Multitasking is now a breeze with the built in 3GB of RAM. Downloading PowerPoint presentation file, streaming a Netflix movie and shooting out an email all right before boarding a flight is now effortless. Ample amount of space to allocate your pictures, music and videos on the 32GB internal memory. The Vivo XL2's captivating 5.5" HD Display with BLU Infinite View (IPS) display will provide an impressive view from any angle. The high definition display will surely povide a whole new level to how you view pictures and movies on your smartphone. The Vivo XL2 blends technology and design into an incredible package, incorporating the highest-grade meaterial curved glass touch panel with color match finish ensures excellent feedback and feel, as well as a gorgeous look. Camera performance has been perfected with several software enhancements and features including HDF, Mood Photo, Panorama, Smart Scene and more. A 13MP Main Camera with f/2.0 aperture, 4P Lens and Phase Detection Auto Focus (PDAF) that captures focus in three tenth of a second. In the Front is a 8MP wide-angle camera, for quality selfie experience, and software features such as Face Beautification. Record Life's most important moments at 1080p HD Video Resolution. Actual user storage space available is typically less than stated due to preinstalled system software and programs. Unlocked phones are cell phones that are independent and not locked into any carrier's network. They can be activated on any carrier that operates on a corresponding network, either GSM or CDMA.. GSM carriers include AT&T and T-Mobile.. CDMA carriers include Verizon, Sprint, Virgin Mobile and Boost Mobile.. A GSM phone cannot be activated on a CDMA network and vice versa. To begin using an unlocked phone, a carrier must be chosen and, for GSM carriers, a SIM card purchased for that carrier.. This phone does not come with service activated.. This phone does not include promotional minutes.. Terms and conditions for service vary by carrier.. Wi-Fi connectivity requires access to a wireless router. Wi-Fi speeds depend on various factors including the device's distance from the router as well as their compatible wireless protocols (e.g. BLU Vivo XL2 5.5" 32GB Unlocked 4G LTE GSM Android Smartphone. The heart of everything we do.. Apply for the HSN Card and Save $10. Join our email list and save 15%. submit your email address to receive 15% off coupon. Copyright © 2017 /HSN, Inc. HSN and HSN.com are registered trademarks of HSN Holding LLC,. 
