Select the department you want to search in. Sign in Account & Lists Sign in Account & Lists Orders Try Prime Cart. Your Amazon.com Today's Deals Gift Cards Registry Sell Help Disability Customer Support. 1-16 of 33 results for "blu r2 plus". See all results for blu r2 plus .. BLU R2 PLUS – 4G LTE 5.5” Full HD Unlocked Smartphone – 32GB + 3GB RAM -Black. In stock on February 28, 2018. R2 Plus is designed and engineered with the highest grade material. Amazon's Choice for "blu r2 plus". BLU R2 - 4G LTE Unlocked Smartphone - 32GB + 3GB RAM -Black. Purchase any qualifying 2017 BLU Smartphone for your chance to win a .... BLU Life One X3 – 4G LTE Unlocked Smartphone with 5,000mAh Monster Battery -Black. BLU continues to design smartphones with flare and ingenuity, the Life .... BLU R0171WW GOLD R2 - 4G LTE Unlocked Smartphone - 32GB + 3GB RAM -Gold. Purchase any qualifying 2017 BLU Smartphone for your chance to win a .... BLU R2 - 4G LTE Unlocked Smartphone - 16GB + 2GB RAM -Black. $98.99 (5 used &amp new offers). Purchase any qualifying 2017 BLU Smartphone for your chance to win a .... BLU R2 Case , BLU R2 LTE Case ,Shockproof Absorption Anti Scratch Rugged High Impact Hybrid Slim Protector Case For BLU R2 / BLU R2 LTE-BLACK. BLU R0170WW ROSE GOLD R2 - 4G LTE Unlocked Smartphone - 16GB + 2GB RAM -Rose Gold. Purchase any qualifying 2017 BLU Smartphone for your chance to win a .... BLU Studio XL 2 - 6.0" 4G LTE GSM Unlocked Smartphone - 4,900mAh Battery -Black. $79.99 (17 used &amp new offers). Trade-in eligible for an Amazon gift card. BLU LIFE ONE X2 - 4G LTE Unlocked Smartphone -64GB+4GB RAM -Rose Gold. Trade-in eligible for an Amazon gift card. BLU VIVO 8 - 5.5" Full HD, 4G LTE Smartphone -64GB + 4GB RAM -Black. $234.99 (8 used &amp new offers). BLU R2 - 4G LTE Unlocked Smartphone - 16GB + 2GB RAM -Gold. Purchase any qualifying 2017 BLU Smartphone for your chance to win a .... BLU R010P BLACK R2 - 5.2" Unlocked Smartphone - 8GB + 1GB RAM -Black. Only 6 left in stock - order soon.. Purchase any qualifying 2017 BLU Smartphone for your chance to win a .... BLU VIVO X – 6.0” HD+18:9 Display Smartphone with Dual Front and Rear Cameras –Black. In stock on March 2, 2018. BLU R1 Plus - 4G LTE Unlocked Smartphone - 32GB + 3GB RAM -Black. Trade-in eligible for an Amazon gift card. [2 Pack] BLU R2 Screen Protector, PULEN 0.3MM Slim And 9H Hardness Tempered Glass [Anti-Scratch] [Bubble Free] Extreme Hardness with Lifetime Replacement Warranty. BLU V0150UU GOLD VIVO 8 - 5.5" Full HD, 4G LTE Smartphone -64GB + 4GB RAM -Gold. $234.99 (6 used &amp new offers). All customers get FREE Shipping on orders over $25 shipped by Amazon. Cell Phone Cases, Holsters & Clips. 4 Stars & Up & Up. 3 Stars & Up & Up. 2 Stars & Up & Up. 1 Star & Up & Up. There's a problem loading this menu right now.. Get fast, free shipping with Amazon Prime. Prime members enjoy FREE Two-Day Shipping and exclusive access to music, movies, TV shows, original audio series, and Kindle books.. Careers About Amazon Investor Relations Amazon Devices. Sell on Amazon Sell Your Services on Amazon Sell on Amazon Business Sell Your Apps on Amazon Become an Affiliate Advertise Your Products Self-Publish with Us › See all. Amazon Rewards Visa Signature Cards Amazon.com Store Card Amazon.com Corporate Credit Line Shop with Points Credit Card Marketplace Reload Your Balance Amazon Currency Converter. Your Account Your Orders Shipping Rates & Policies Amazon Prime Returns & Replacements Manage Your Content and Devices Amazon Assistant Help. Amazon Music Stream millions of songs. Amazon Drive Cloud storage from Amazon. 6pm Score deals on fashion brands. AbeBooks Books, art & collectibles. ACX Audiobook Publishing Made Easy. Alexa Actionable Analytics for the Web. Amazon Business Everything For Your Business. AmazonFresh Groceries & More Right To Your Door. AmazonGlobal Ship Orders Internationally. Home Services Handpicked Pros Happiness Guarantee. Amazon Inspire Digital Educational Resources. Amazon Rapids Fun stories for kids on the go. Amazon Restaurants Food delivery from local restaurants. Amazon Video Direct Video Distribution Made Easy. Amazon Web Services Scalable Cloud Computing Services. Audible Download Audio Books. AudiobookStand Discount Audiobooks on Disc. Book Depository Books With Free Delivery Worldwide. Box Office Mojo Find Movie Box Office Data. ComiXology Thousands of Digital Comics. CreateSpace Indie Print Publishing Made Easy. DPReview Digital Photography. East Dane Designer Men's Fashion. Fabric Sewing, Quilting & Knitting. Goodreads Book reviews & recommendations. IMDb Movies, TV & Celebrities. IMDbPro Get Info Entertainment Professionals Need. Junglee.com Shop Online in India. Kindle Direct Publishing Indie Digital Publishing Made Easy. Prime Now FREE 2-Hour Delivery on Everyday Items. Prime Photos Unlimited Photo Storage Free With Prime. Shopbop Designer Fashion Brands. TenMarks.com Math Activities for Kids & Schools. Warehouse Deals Open-Box Discounts. Whole Foods Market America’s Healthiest Grocery Store. Withoutabox Submit to Film Festivals. Woot! Deals and Shenanigans. Zappos Shoes & Clothing. Souq.com Shop Online in the Middle East. Subscribe with Amazon Discover & try subscription services. Conditions of Use Privacy Notice Interest-Based Ads © 1996-2018, Amazon.com, Inc. 
R2 Plus is designed and engineered with the highest grade material. Aluminum battery cover adds structure and premium. quality while the curved glass display provide a great user experience. With a Mediatek 6753 chipset providing a 1.3GHz Octa Core processor, the R2 Plus is a powerhouse for performance. Paired with 3G of RAM, we can ensure a quick and fluid user experience.. The R2 Plus is equipped with a 32GB internal memory that offers plenty of space to store all your files. If your on the go, not to worry. All movies, pictures or music are all within reach on your R2 Plus smartphone. Paired with 3GB of RAM, you can run multiple apps smoothly and effortlessly. Need more space? Built in MicroSD slot offers another 64GB of external space.. Who said visual breathtaking images and videos can only be seen at the movies? With a. 1080 x 1920 resolution and 400ppi, the R2 PLUS captures details, eye catching colors, and. exquisite hues on the 5.5â Full HD 1080p screen.. Incorporating the highest grade material such as curved glass touch panel ensures excellent feedback and feel, as well as a gorgeous look.. Photo sessions are now certain to be amazing, with the R2 PLUSâs 13 Megapixel 5P lens main camera with flash, the R2 PLUS provides stunning quality in every shot taken.. Big is an understatement, the R2 Plus boasts a 13 Megapixel Selfie camera with flash. Self- portraits will literally be professionally inspired in every single click. The f2.0 aperture ensures all photos are looking incredible, no matter the low light environment you find yourself in.. No need to stop what youâre doing to charge. The R2 PLUS has a 3,000mAh battery allowing for a 30 day stand by time. Never feel depleted, the R2 PLUS makes running out of battery non existent.. The R2 Plus assures you have total security and convenience with the press of a finger. with ease and peace of mind, while also having quick accessibility to all your important applications and music.. New multi-window support to use apps on screen simultaneously. Better background optimization to minimize RAM use by system and apps. Project Vulkan API, a new 3D rendering API for 3D graphics. With these new enhancements in addition to other features available, users will have many new capabilities.. Globally Connected | Unlocked | Dual Sim. Stay globally connected with friends and family while traveling the world. The R2 PLUS comes with 3G 850/900/1700/1900/2100 & 4G LTE bands 1/2/3/4/7/12/17/28 to ensure you always have access to worldwide carrier coverage while youâre on the go!. 1.3GHz Octa Core | 64 Bit. Content Copyright 2016 © www.BluProducts.com All rights reserved. 
more ... more .... more ... more .... MEMORY: 32 GB + MicroSD. The BLU R2 Plus comes with a 5.5-inch 1080p screen, 1.3 GHz octa-core processor, 3 GB of RAM, 32 GB of storage and two 13-megapixel shooter with flashes (one on the back and one for selfies).. Dimensions: 6.11 x 3.03 x 0.36 inches (155.3 x 77 x 9.2 mm). Weight: 5.89 oz (167 g) the average is 5.6 oz (159 g). Resolution: 1080 x 1920 pixels. Features: Ambient light sensor, Proximity sensor. Pixel density - The pixel density of a display represents the number of pixels over an area of one inch. It’s measured in “pixels per inch”, or ppi. The higher the number, the more detailed and good-looking the display is.. Screen-to-body ratio - Shows what part of the frontal area of a phone its screen occupies.. Software Features: Touch to focus, Face detection, Digital zoom, Geo tagging. Aperture size - The aperture of a camera is the opening through which light travels before it reaches the camera sensor. The smaller the number is, the bigger this opening is, allowing for more light to pass.. Octa-core, 1300 MHz, ARM Cortex-A53, 64-bit, 28 nm. System chip - Most modern handsets use an advanced chip that includes many of the device’s hardware modules like the processor, Wi-Fi, Bluetooth and sometimes even the wireless radio. This field shows what particular system chip (or System-on-a-Chip) is used in the phone.. Processor - The processor is the main computing component of a phone and is a major factor when it comes to the overall speed of the device. Some more powerful smartphones use dual-core and quad-core processors designed to deliver greater performance.. Graphics processor - The graphics processor is important for the smooth operation of the system and especially in games and other applications that may involve complex graphics and animations.. System memory - System memory, or RAM memory is the type of memory that the device uses to temporarily store data from the OS or currently-running apps. The more RAM available to the device, the better the performance will be when multiple or heavier programs are running.. Built-in storage - Bigger storage capacity allows you to keep more content saved onto your device, such as more applications, photos or video. Games and video content typically take up the biggest amount of storage space.. Storage expansion - Some handsets allow you to expand their storage capacity by using a memory expansion card – most often microSD. Expansion memory is mostly suitable for media storage, such as photo, video or music content.. Capacity - The bigger, the better! However, battery capacity is not the only factor that has an effect on battery life. Those include the chipset in use, the software running on the device, as well as the consumer's unique usage pattern.. Multimedia Screen mirroring: Wireless screen share. Filter by: Album, Artist, Genre, Playlists. Features: Album art cover, Background playback. Cellular GSM: 850, 900, 1800, 1900 MHz. UMTS: 850, 900, 1700/2100, 1900, 2100 MHz. LTE (FDD): Bands 1, 2, 3, 4, 7, 12, 17, 28. Notifications: Haptic feedback, Music ringtones, Flight mode, Silent mode, Speakerphone. Other features: Voice dialing, Voice commands, Voice recording. Features: Mass storage device, USB charging. Other: VoIP, Tethering, Computer sync, OTA sync. Positioning - This field shows the positioning systems supported by the device. The most common types are GPS and A-GPS.. GPS - This is one of the most widespread global positioning technologies, developed and maintained by the U.S. It uses satellites in order to detect your location. A-GPS - A-GPS stands for Assisted GPS and is the industry standard for positioning and navigation. “Assisted” means that it can use local wireless networks, in addition to satellites, for quicker and more precise localization.. Shopping information MSRP price: $ 180. FCC approval - The Federal Communications Commission (FCC) is an independent United States government agency, directly responsible to Congress. The FCC was established by the Communications Act of 1934 and is charged with regulating interstate and international communications by radio, television, wire, satellite and cable. The FCC's jurisdiction covers the 50 states, the District of Columbia, and U.S. Every wireless phone device that is sold in the U.S. has to be tested and approved for sale by the FCC.. Date approved - Shows the date when the particular phone is approved by the Federal Communications Commission. FCC ID value - Shows the FCC Identifying value of the particular phone. FCC measured SAR - Working closely with federal health and safety agencies, such as the Food and Drug Administration (FDA), the FCC has adopted limits for safe exposure to radiofrequency (RF) energy. These limits are given in terms of a unit referred to as the Specific Absorption Rate (SAR), which is a measure of the amount of radio frequency energy absorbed by the body when using a mobile phone. The FCC requires cell phone manufacturers to ensure that their phones comply with these objective limits for safe exposure. Any cell phone at or below these SAR levels (that is, any phone legally sold in the U.S.) is a "safe" phone, as measured by these standards. The FCC limit for public exposure from cellular telephones is an SAR level of 1.6 watts per kilogram (1.6 W/kg).. To see the full specifications with in-depth details click here.. Despite our efforts to provide full and correct BLU R2 Plus specifications, there is always a possibility of making a mistake. If you see any wrong or incomplete data, please LET US KNOW .. If you are interested in using our specs commercially, check out our Phone specs database licensing page.. $130 Buy. The Blu R2 Plus is a new affordable dual SIM phone that's good for selfies. The Samsung Galaxy S9 and S9+ have game-changing cameras with variable aperture and 960fps slow-mo video recording. The Big Barcelona Camera Comparison: iPhone X vs Pixel 2 XL vs Note 8. Samsung Galaxy S9 and S9+ rumor review: Specs, design, features, price and release date. Sony presents Xperia XZ2 and XZ2 Compact: new design and Snapdragon 845. Galaxy S9 Exynos edition gets benchmarked against rivals!. Galaxy S9 first camera comparison vs iPhone X, V30, S8. Samsung Galaxy S9 & S9+ hands-on. MWC 2018: top smartphones to expect. Best smartphone you can buy in 2018. Allo is a quality app, but Google isn't giving it a real chance. All content (phone reviews, news, specs, info), design and layouts are Copyright 2001-2018 phoneArena.com. Reproduction in whole or in part or in any form or medium without written permission is prohibited! Privacy. 
Select the department you want to search in. Sign in Account & Lists Sign in Account & Lists Orders Try Prime Cart. Your Amazon.com Today's Deals Gift Cards Registry Sell Help Disability Customer Support. Cell Phones & Accessories Carrier Phones Unlocked Phones Prime Exclusive Phones Accessories Cases Wearable Technology Best Sellers Deals Trade-In All Electronics. has been added to your Cart. Add a Carrier SIM Card for Service Activation:. T-Mobile SIM Starter Kit with Adapter. Cricket BYOD 2.0 Wireless 3-in-1 SIM Card Kit - Pr... 1-Click ordering is not available for this item.. Please enter a valid US zip code.. Please enter a valid US zip code.. Shipping to a APO/FPO/DPO? Please add the address to your address book. Make sure you include the unit and box numbers (if assigned).. Comment: Item will come in original packaging. Fulfillment by Amazon (FBA) is a service we offer sellers that lets them store their products in Amazon's fulfillment centers, and we directly pack, ship, and provide customer service for these products. Something we hope you'll especially enjoy: FBA items qualify for FREE Shipping and Amazon Prime.. If you're a seller, Fulfillment by Amazon can help you increase your sales. learn more about Fulfillment by Amazon. 1-Click ordering is not available for this item.. & FREE Shipping on eligible orders. 1-Year Unlocked Cell Phone Accidental Protection Plan. Coverage for drops, spills and product malfunctions. Free shipping on all repairs with $25 deductible. Cancel anytime, full refund in the first 30 days. SquareTrade Protection Plans are only valid for new products purchased at Amazon within the last 30 days. BLU R2 - 4G LTE Unlocked Smartphone - 16GB + 2GB RAM -Black. Amazon's Choice recommends highly rated, well-priced products available to ship immediately.. This item at this price, sold by Amazon.com, is currently reserved exclusively for Prime members. Prime free trial and invitee customers: We will automatically apply an Amazon.com Gift Card to your Gift Card Balance in the amount equal to the Prime exclusive discount after you become a paid Prime member. If you cancel your paid Prime membership or return the qualifying smartphone within the first 3 months of your paid Prime membership, we may void your Gift Card or charge you in the amount of the Gift Card. Terms and Conditions apply.. Ships from and sold by Amazon.com.. 5.2 inch HD curved glass display; metal design with fingerprint scanner. 13MP Main Camera with flash + 13MP front Camera with flash. 16GB Internal memory 2GB RAM Micro SD up to 64GB, 1.3GHz Quad core 64 bit Mediatek processor with Mali-T720 GPU. 4G LTE, (1/2/3/4/7/12/17/28Ab), 4G HSPA+ (850/1700/1900/2100). GSM Quad band: US compatibility Nationwide on all GSM Networks including AT&T, T-Mobile, Cricket, MetroPCS, Straight Talk, and others. Purchase any qualifying 2017 BLU Smartphone for your chance to win a trip of a lifetime! See below for more details. These items are shipped from and sold by different sellers. This item: BLU R2 - 4G LTE Unlocked Smartphone - 16GB + 2GB RAM -Black $109.99. Ships from and sold by Amazon.com.. [2 Pack] BLU R2 Screen Protector, PULEN 0.3MM Slim And 9H Hardness Tempered Glass [Anti-Scratch… $8.59. Ships from and sold by Pulen.. This shopping feature will continue to load items. In order to navigate out of this carousel please use your heading shortcut key to navigate to the next or previous heading.. Customers who viewed this item also viewed. Page 1 of 1 Start over Page 1 of 1. BLU R1 Plus - 4G LTE Unlocked Smartphone - 32GB + 3GB RAM -Black. BLU Life Max - 5.5" 4G LTE GSM Unlocked - 16GB+2GB RAM w/ Fingerprint Sensor, 3700 mAh Battery -Blue. BLU R2 - 4G LTE Case,Biaotai[Shock Absorption] Drop Protection Hybrid Dual Layer Armor Protective Case Cover for BLU R2 LTE (Rose Gold). BLU R2 Case , BLU R2 LTE Case ,Shockproof Absorption Anti Scratch Rugged High Impact Hybrid Slim Protector Case For BLU R2 / BLU R2 LTE-BLACK. [2 Pack] BLU R2 Screen Protector, PULEN 0.3MM Slim And 9H Hardness Tempered Glass [Anti-Scratch] [Bubble Free] Extreme Hardness with Lifetime Replacement Warranty. BLU Studio XL 2 - 6.0" 4G LTE GSM Unlocked Smartphone - 4,900mAh Battery -Black. This shopping feature will continue to load items. In order to navigate out of this carousel please use your heading shortcut key to navigate to the next or previous heading.. Customers who bought this item also bought. Page 1 of 1 Start over Page 1 of 1. [2 Pack] BLU R2 Screen Protector, PULEN 0.3MM Slim And 9H Hardness Tempered Glass [Anti-Scratch] [Bubble Free] Extreme Hardness with Lifetime Replacement Warranty. BLU R2 Case , BLU R2 LTE Case ,Shockproof Absorption Anti Scratch Rugged High Impact Hybrid Slim Protector Case For BLU R2 / BLU R2 LTE-BLACK. BLU R2 - 4G LTE Case,Biaotai[Shock Absorption] Drop Protection Hybrid Dual Layer Armor Protective Case Cover for BLU R2 LTE (Rose Gold). [2 Pack] BLU R2 Screen Protector, PULEN Premium Quality Tempered Glass Protective Film 0.33mm Anti-Bubble Shield 9H Hardness Clear Scratch Resist Bubble-free Anti-Fingerprint for BLU R2. BLU R2 Case , BLU R2 LTE Case ,Shockproof Absorption Anti Scratch Rugged High Impact Hybrid Slim Protector Case For BLU R2 / BLU R2 LTE-navy. BLU Advance 5.2 - Unlocked Smartphone - 5.2" Display, 8GB +1GB RAM -Black. Find answers in product info, Q&As, reviews. Please make sure that you are posting in the form of a question.. Don't see what you're looking for?. There was a problem completing your request. Please try your search again later.. 0.3 x 5.9 x 2.9 in. 0.4 x 5.9 x 2.9 in. 0.3 x 6 x 3 in. 0.3 x 6.4 x 3.2 in. 0.3 x 5.7 x 2.8 in. 0.2 x 6.1 x 2.9 in. BLU R2 - 4G LTE Unlocked Smartphone - 16GB + 2GB RAM -Black. BLU R1 Plus - 4G LTE Unlocked Smartphone - 32GB + 3GB RAM -Black. BLU Life Max - 5.5" 4G LTE GSM Unlocked - 16GB+2GB RAM w/ Fingerprint Sensor, 3700 mAh Battery -Blue. BLU Studio XL 2 - 6.0" 4G LTE GSM Unlocked Smartphone - 4,900mAh Battery -Gold. BLU Advance 5.2 - Unlocked Smartphone - 5.2" Display, 8GB +1GB RAM -Black. BLU LIFE ONE X2 - 4G LTE Unlocked Smartphone -64GB+4GB RAM -Rose Gold. Offer Type: R2 -16+2 (4G LTE). The BLU R2 design incorporates premium metal for an incredible look and hand held experience. Curved glass form a super smooth front display that is aesthetically superior. Diamond cut polished chamfer edge on the camera and fingerprint sensor provide top grade details that set the R2 apart from its competitors. Available in Gold, Silver, Rose Gold, and Black.. Offer Type: R2 -16+2 (4G LTE). 5.9 x 0.3 x 2.9 inches. 8.8 ounces ( View shipping rates and policies ). #2,613 in Cell Phones & Accessories ( See Top 100 in Cell Phones & Accessories ). #26 in Cell Phones & Accessories > Unlocked Cell Phones. Manufacturer’s warranty can be requested from customer service. Click here to make a request to customer service.. If you are a seller for this product, would you like to suggest updates through seller support ?. Would you like to tell us about a lower price ?. 5 star 52% 4 star 20% 3 star 10% 2 star 12% 1 star 6%. Share your thoughts with other customers. There was a problem filtering reviews right now. 5.0 out of 5 stars This is a great phone.. Offer Type: R2 -16+2 (4G LTE) | Color: GOLD | Verified Purchase. I had a Moto G4 and the screen was changing by itself. I had to change the brightness often to stop it. I had a Blu R1 for years. I gave the Blu R1 to my daughter who drops it constantly and she has never had a problem. I received the Blu R2 LTE from Amazon today. There are differences between the Blu R2 and the Blu R2 LTE. For example: Camera 8 Megapixel versus 13 Megapixel RAM 1 Gigabyte versus 2 Gigabytes Speed 3G versus 4G LTE Storage 8 Gigabytes versus 16 Gigabytes Price $90 versus $109 Pay the extra $19 and get the Blu R2 LTE. It was packaged great with a case and a screen protector. It has one micro SD and two SIMM slots inside the back aluminum cover. The two SIMMs are for two different phone numbers. The display is great but not real High Definition (768 Pixels). The advantages of a small display 5.2 inches and low resolution display are long battery life and low energy consumption. There are two 13 megapixel cameras and flashes. One camera and flash is on the back and one camera and flash is on the front. Camera resolution is not the determining factor for picture quality. Aperture, focus and image stabilization also determine picture quality. I did not use the front camera. The one speaker located on the back of the phone is loud and there is an electronic boost. The earphone jack and micro USB (Not USB C) are located on the top of the phone and are not centered (Unusual). I do not know if Oreo 8.0 upgrade is included. This is not the phone with the biggest display for $109 but it is the highest quality phone (Best) I have seen for $109. There is also an accelerometer, charge and notification light, and proximity sensor. Mine is Gold it came with a semi-transparent white and frosted silicone case. It looks more expensive than it cost. To improve pictures Camera Anti-shake On (default Off) Also consider Auto Scene Detection On (default Off) Picture Size 8 M (Full Frame) (default 13 M) To increase speed Settings BLU Privacy Help improve BLU products Off (default On) Enhanced Device Support Off (default On). Was this review helpful to you?. 5.0 out of 5 stars It is not as good as my Samsung note 4. Offer Type: R2 -16+2 (4G LTE) | Color: BLACK | Verified Purchase. I bought this phone instead of buying another $600 Samsung phone. It is not as good as my Samsung note 4, but close enough considering it was $500 cheaper. I could buy a new one every year and still save a lot of money.. Was this review helpful to you?. 5.0 out of 5 stars HUGE 5.5" Android 7.0 Smartphone for $129. Offer Type: R2 Plus | Color: Black | Verified Purchase. This Android 7.0 smartphone is HUGE! It's pretty snappy too with 3GB RAM & a 1.3GHz Octa-Core processor. The version I ordered has 32Gb storage with a slot for expandable MicroSD storage. I was able to add a Patriot 256Gb MicroSD card without any problems. As a result, I have my entire music library as well as 100% of all my photos too, walking around in my pocket. As a fairly new device, just released, it's hard to find any accessories but thankfully it arrived with a screen protector and a clear silicone case included; seriously? Who does that? Certainly not Samsung nor Apple...just sayin' The AC adapter/charger is also MicroUSB with some reviewers being a bit disgruntled, but seriously...the phone cost $129 brand new! If the engineers at BLU changed it to the more "techno-geek approved" USB-C, then they'd have to charge more $$$. The single speaker sound is okay, not great but most listeners are going to use 3.5mm earbuds or wireless Bluetooth anyway. When listening to some Hi-Def (.FLAC) files at 24-bit/192KHz, the music sounds awesome. Oh, BTW: APple iPhones can't play Hi-Def files* I managed to score this smartphone as a brand new device on Amazon for $129, arrived in (2) days with FREE AMazon Prime shipping and it was so simple to remove the SIM card from the Apple iPhone SE and slip into the BLU R2 PLus. didn't even have to go to the AT&T store at all.. Was this review helpful to you?. 5.0 out of 5 stars This is not going to sound like a 5 Star rating. Offer Type: R2 Plus | Color: Black | Verified Purchase. This is not going to sound like a 5 Star rating.I have had minor problems from the get go with this device all of which have been taken care of except the SD Card problem.I cannot get a SD card working in my phone.I have tried 3 different cards and none work.I have contacted BLU but have not had a response.I think this is a problem with just my phone and not a project wide problem.The SD card seems loose and slides into the device in a angle.Now having said that this phone has a lot going for it.While it's not an expensive Sammy or a iPhone it is a very nice phone for the average user,Nice display,very good sound,snappy response,the camera is just a little better than average but is Ok for my use with light to medium use the battery will last all day and then some..The best part is you get a lot for just $130.If I do need to return the phone because of the SD card problem it will be for an exchange not a refund.. Was this review helpful to you?. 4.0 out of 5 stars Great phone for price. Offer Type: R2 -16+2 (4G LTE) | Color: GOLD | Verified Purchase. 2nd BLU device (the first is a WiFi only R1) and it does a good job. The R2 is used by a teen and he likes it much better than his 1st smartphone (Samsung Galaxy Core Prime). Its much faster, better camera and that the newer Android is a plus. He says that its fast, plays his games just fine and he is happy with it. The downside is that sometimes when he's taken a picture and wants to send it as a text message, it takes a long time to send the pic (if at all). That might be a whole host of issues that has nothing to do with the phone. The main reason I dropped a star is that for my other teen I bought him a Honor 6X. There is a price difference (I paid $200 for the Honor), but it has been an even better phone. I switched as some of the publicity of BLU having some extra software (not evident on this model) but that made me a bit leery. Regardless, he likes his phone and is pleased with the pretty much stock look of the Android OS.. Was this review helpful to you?. 5.0 out of 5 stars This cell is fantastic for its price. Offer Type: R2 -16+2 (4G LTE) | Color: BLACK | Verified Purchase. I am really surprised by some reviews that some customers have left. This cell is fantastic for its price. For me the quality of the images is correct. There is also the configuration that people have to do before attacking the quality of the photos. A photo is not taken at random, you must know how to place yourself in relation to the light. I give 5 stars to this cell. This phone costs only $ 109! I do not envy an iphone or a samsung that are very expensive. This phone does the same job !!. Was this review helpful to you?. phone is ok but the sound is acceptable.. 4.0 out of 5 stars Four Stars. Does what I need it to do and more. Doesn't have all the super bells and whistles of a major brand but then again I didn't want to fork out a lot... 5.0 out of 5 stars Great phone small price. Will not work with Straight Talk. 2.0 out of 5 stars Two Stars. Had a problem removing the back cover.. 2.0 out of 5 stars Not user friendly. Well I have been a firm believer in Blu phones for the last five years or so. I was excited when reading about this phone and reading the reviews on it. 2.0 out of 5 stars Issues with charging port. slower than my main phone qhich is fixing now. I found a bug on this phone. I know its just cheap one and I should accept their value. 3.0 out of 5 stars bug. My phone arrived yesterday and I could not be happier with it! What I didn't expect in the box was a protective screen cover and outer shell. 5.0 out of 5 stars BLU R2, WHO KNEW??. My HTC M7 started to fail after 5 years so I picked up this Blu R2 and I'm pretty impressed. For the money it's quite the phone. 4.0 out of 5 stars Great phone for a bargain price.. I had a BLU phone for a couple three years that went down and wouldn't power on not a trouble at all seeing that the reason I bought this phone was the price. 5.0 out of 5 stars Awesome phone can't beat it.. My old phone was becoming so out of date that half of the apps I wanted to use were no longer compatible. 5.0 out of 5 stars Is it the best and fastest phone in the world. Amazon Giveaway allows you to run promotional giveaways in order to create buzz, reward your audience, and attract new followers and customers. This item: BLU R2 - 4G LTE Unlocked Smartphone - 16GB + 2GB RAM -Black. What other items do customers buy after viewing this item?. [2 Pack] BLU R2 Screen Protector, PULEN 0.3MM Slim And 9H Hardness Tempered Glass [Anti-Scratch] [Bubble Free] Extreme. BLU R2 - 4G LTE Case,Biaotai[Shock Absorption] Drop Protection Hybrid Dual Layer Armor Protective Case Cover for BLU R2. See and discover other items: Best Rated in Unlocked Cell Phones , gsm iphone , 16gb phones for cricket. There's a problem loading this menu right now.. Get fast, free shipping with Amazon Prime. Prime members enjoy FREE Two-Day Shipping and exclusive access to music, movies, TV shows, original audio series, and Kindle books.. Careers About Amazon Investor Relations Amazon Devices. Sell on Amazon Sell Your Services on Amazon Sell on Amazon Business Sell Your Apps on Amazon Become an Affiliate Advertise Your Products Self-Publish with Us › See all. Amazon Rewards Visa Signature Cards Amazon.com Store Card Amazon.com Corporate Credit Line Shop with Points Credit Card Marketplace Reload Your Balance Amazon Currency Converter. Your Account Your Orders Shipping Rates & Policies Amazon Prime Returns & Replacements Manage Your Content and Devices Amazon Assistant Help. Amazon Music Stream millions of songs. Amazon Drive Cloud storage from Amazon. 6pm Score deals on fashion brands. AbeBooks Books, art & collectibles. ACX Audiobook Publishing Made Easy. Alexa Actionable Analytics for the Web. Amazon Business Everything For Your Business. AmazonFresh Groceries & More Right To Your Door. AmazonGlobal Ship Orders Internationally. Home Services Handpicked Pros Happiness Guarantee. Amazon Inspire Digital Educational Resources. Amazon Rapids Fun stories for kids on the go. Amazon Restaurants Food delivery from local restaurants. Amazon Video Direct Video Distribution Made Easy. Amazon Web Services Scalable Cloud Computing Services. Audible Download Audio Books. AudiobookStand Discount Audiobooks on Disc. Book Depository Books With Free Delivery Worldwide. Box Office Mojo Find Movie Box Office Data. ComiXology Thousands of Digital Comics. CreateSpace Indie Print Publishing Made Easy. DPReview Digital Photography. East Dane Designer Men's Fashion. Fabric Sewing, Quilting & Knitting. Goodreads Book reviews & recommendations. IMDb Movies, TV & Celebrities. IMDbPro Get Info Entertainment Professionals Need. Junglee.com Shop Online in India. Kindle Direct Publishing Indie Digital Publishing Made Easy. Prime Now FREE 2-Hour Delivery on Everyday Items. Prime Photos Unlimited Photo Storage Free With Prime. Shopbop Designer Fashion Brands. TenMarks.com Math Activities for Kids & Schools. Warehouse Deals Open-Box Discounts. Whole Foods Market America’s Healthiest Grocery Store. Withoutabox Submit to Film Festivals. Woot! Deals and Shenanigans. Zappos Shoes & Clothing. Souq.com Shop Online in the Middle East. Subscribe with Amazon Discover & try subscription services. Conditions of Use Privacy Notice Interest-Based Ads © 1996-2018, Amazon.com, Inc. 
Find the Best Cell Phone and Plan for You. PhoneDog's innovative comparison tool can help you save on cell phones and plans. Find the best phone and plan for you today with PhoneDog!. Compare Phones and Plans Compare Cell Phones. Trending: iPhone 8. f g+ t yt. BLU R2 Plus features 5.5-inch screen and 13MP cameras, now available at introductory price. Editorial Director of News and Content. If you're in the market for an affordable Android smartphone, you may want to give BLU's latest offering a look.. The BLU R2 Plus is launching today and. is now available from Amazon in a GSM unlocked form .. It's even got an limited time introductory price. If you'd like to see it in action, you can see our hands-on video with the R2 Plus right here .. When it comes to specs, the BLU R2 Plus runs Android 7.0 on a 5.5-inch 1920x1080 display. There are 13-megapixel cameras on the front and back of the device, and both have LED flashes, too. The rear camera is packing phase detection autofocus as well.. BLU has included a 1.3GHz octa-core MediaTek MT6753 processor with the R2 Plus, and there's also 3GB of RAM, 32GB of storage, and a microSD card slot. Powering the R2 Plus is a 3,000mAh battery, and all of those features are crammed into an aluminum body that's 9.2mm thick.. The BLU R2 Plus features LTE bands 1/2/3/4/7/12/17/28 and it will work on AT&T and T-Mobile in the US.. Previous Article Android Wear 2.9 to bring new unread notification indicator. Next Article Google Files Go app getting expanded SD card support, now works with tablets. Don't forget to VOTE! Each week, PhoneDog Fans vote for their #1 smartphone in the Official Smartphone Rankings. Vote now and contribute to the industry's most relevant weekly ranking charts.. Android Wear 2.9 to bring new unread notification indicator Essential Phone on sale at Amazon Samsung Galaxy S9 and S9+ shown off in new image leak New Verizon deal offers $699 off an iPhone 8, iPhone 8 Plus, or iPhone X when you buy one. Select the amount of total data you need for the entire plan.. For example, if you need 2 lines with 1 GB of data each, you would select 2 GB of data with the data slider below.. - Any - 0 5KB 50MB 30MB 100MB 125MB 150MB 200MB 250MB 300MB 334MB 350MB 375MB 400MB 500MB 600MB 625MB 700MB 800MB 834MB 900MB 938MB 1GB 1.2GB 1.5GB 1.6GB 2GB 2.03GB 2.5GB 3GB 3.7GB 4GB 5GB 6GB 6.1GB 7GB 7.3GB 8GB 8.5GB 9GB 10GB 11GB 12GB 13GB 14GB 15GB 16GB 18GB 20GB 22GB 23GB 24GB 25GB 30GB 32GB 35GB 40GB 50GB 60GB 80GB 85GB 100GB 120GB 150GB 200GB Unlimited. BLU Vivo X Review: BLU's Most Appealing Smartphone Yet!. 4 days 16 hours ago. Android 8.0 Oreo on the OnePlus 5T. 5 days 14 hours ago. 1 week 13 hours ago. The OnePlus 5T Competitor You Haven't Heard About. 1 week 3 days ago. People's Choice Expert's Choice. OFFICIAL SMARTPHONE RANKINGS Please Login/Register to Vote. OFFICIAL SMARTPHONE RANKINGS Please Login/Register to Vote. OFFICIAL SMARTPHONE RANKINGS Please Login/Register to Vote. OFFICIAL SMARTPHONE RANKINGS Please Login/Register to Vote. OFFICIAL SMARTPHONE RANKINGS Please Login/Register to Vote. BLU S1 Review: BLU's First CDMA Smartphone!. This Week's "People's Choice Rankings" Best Smartphone. OFFICIAL SMARTPHONE RANKINGS Please Login/Register to Vote. OFFICIAL SMARTPHONE RANKINGS Please Login/Register to Vote. OFFICIAL SMARTPHONE RANKINGS Please Login/Register to Vote. OFFICIAL SMARTPHONE RANKINGS Please Login/Register to Vote. OFFICIAL SMARTPHONE RANKINGS Please Login/Register to Vote. Recent news from our top carriers:. Samsung Galaxy S9 and S9+ pricing. T-Mobile wins awards for 4G LTE. Samsung Galaxy S9 and S9+ pricing. Sprint says its 5G network will. T-Mobile wins awards for 4G LTE. Samsung Galaxy S9 and S9+ pricing. T-Mobile wins awards for 4G LTE. Samsung Galaxy S9 and S9+ pricing. Google Pixel 2 XL gets $400. Verizon Galaxy Note 8 gets $200. PHONEDOG PHONEDOG MEDIA FAMILY Phonedog - Cell Phone News TmoNews - The Unofficial T-Mobile Blog AndroidAndMe - Everything Android. PhoneDog Media is home to PhoneDog, Android & Me, TmoNews, and TodaysiPhone. The network receives 2.5 million unique visitors and 10 million pageviews each month, along with a combined three million video views on YouTube.. While the name is jovial, the PhoneDog Media network offers up a wealth of written and video content to help readers make important decisions about mobile technology.. Established in 2001, PhoneDog Media is a privately owned and operated company.. Company Home Privacy Policy Term of Use Contact About Us Sitemap In-Depth Reviews. Reproduction without explicit permission is prohibited. 
GSM 850 / 900 / 1800 / 1900 - SIM 1 & SIM 2. HSDPA 850 / 900 / 1700(AWS) / 1900 / 2100. LTE band 1(2100), 2(1900), 3(1800), 4(1700/2100), 7(2600), 12(700), 17(700), 28(700). HSPA 42.2/11.5 Mbps, LTE Cat4 150/50 Mbps. 155.7 x 77 x 9.2 mm (6.13 x 3.03 x 0.36 in). IPS LCD capacitive touchscreen, 16M colors. 5.5 inches, 83.4 cm 2 (~69.6% screen-to-body ratio). 1080 x 1920 pixels, 16:9 ratio (~401 ppi density). 13 MP (f/2.0, 1/3", 1.12 µm), phase detection autofocus, dual-LED dual-tone flash. Geo-tagging, touch focus, face detection, HDR. SMS(threaded view), MMS, Email, Push Email, IM. Up to 725 h (2G) / Up to 625 h (3G). Up to 26 h (2G) / Up to 16 h (3G). We can not guarantee that the information on this page is 100% correct. Samsung Apple Nokia Sony LG HTC Motorola Huawei Microsoft Lenovo Xiaomi Google Acer Asus Oppo OnePlus Meizu BlackBerry Alcatel ZTE Toshiba Vodafone Energizer XOLO Lava Micromax BLU Gionee vivo LeEco Panasonic HP YU verykool Maxwest Plum. BLU Life One X3 BLU R2 LTE BLU R1 Plus BLU R1 HD BLU R2 BLU Vivo 8. BLU Vivo X BLU Vivo 8 BLU Vivo One BLU Vivo XL BLU Vivo 5 BLU Life One X3. 
Sony Xperia XZ2 and Xperia XZ2 Compact go live with new…. LG V30S ThinQ arrives with an AI-powered camera, more RAM and…. Alcatel 3 Series will be offered in three variants. ZTE USA debuts Tempo Go as first Android Go phone for…. HUAWEI announces a 5G endpoint for telecom carries and the MediaPad…. All Accessory Reviews App Reviews Hardware Reviews Smartphone Reviews. UHANS Max 2 review: A mega-phablet that won’t break the bank. Seven astrology apps for those who want to know what fate…. Blu Vivo X review: Can you get a flagship experience for…. Seven self-help and motivation apps to channel your inner peace. Tricks, tips, and tweaks: 10 things every Pixel 2 absolutely must…. Five Android Oreo features you can install on any Android phone. Five ways to beef up your Instagram privacy. Nine tips & tricks to master Google Keep. How to disable personalized ads on Android. Reviews Smartphone Reviews Blu R2 Plus review: The budget line gets a timely and worthwhile refresh. REVIEW OVERVIEW Build Quality Display Performance Software Price Camera Sound SUMMARY. Mediatek 6753 | 1.3GHz Quad Core Processor with Mali-T720. 32GB Internal Storage with microSD (up to 64GB). 5.5-inch 1920 x 1280 pixel display. Arriving roughly eight months after the R1 Plus, Blu’s newest phone, the R2 Plus serves as a worthy update with improvements in a handful of key spots. While it’s not an outright successor with spec change across the board, it’s timely and worth your attention.. As we approach the second anniversary of the. “$50 phone”, the R1 HD , we’ve seen the line evolve a little. It has now become quite clear that this isn’t just an Amazon or Amazon Prime series of devices. In other words, we don’t expect that an “R” model phone will be cheap or offered as an Amazon exclusive.. Even before spending time with the phone we were impressed at the speed at which Blu released a follow-up device. As customers we are conditioned to look for successors roughly once per year. On the other hand, we wondered whether there would be enough “new” here to justify its launch.. Similar to its predecessor, the R1 Plus , the R2 Plus puts the entry level experience squarely in its sites. Specifically, it takes on the likes of Motorola and its G5 Plus. For the 2018 iteration we have a $179.99 price tag ($129.99 at launch) so it’s definitely on the less expensive side of things.. As an unlocked handset , the R1 Plus works with either AT&T or T-Mobile’s networks as well as any of their respective MVNO brands. For those of you living outside of the US, the globally unlocked device works with Orange, Vodafone, and many others. a dual-SIM device which means you can actually pull service from two carriers at once. It’s also a bit of breathing room for when you might travel to another country and need a local SIM card for a short while.. As was the case with its R1 models, Blu has cut the corners in a couple of places, but nothing that gives us pause for concern. The packaging isn’t glamorous but you don’t care about what is on the box so much as to what’s inside.. Getting into the box we find there are no headphones but there is. a microUSB charger, a silicon protective case, and a screen protector. Again, nothing special or noteworthy but they are a nice gesture; most consumers buy these things anyhow.. Whereas the R1 HD was a good 15-18 months behind the curve for low end devices, the R2 Plus continues to close the gap. It builds on things in a few key areas and comprises an all around solid package for those not looking to spend much money.. First time smartphone users may not realize it, or likely even care all that much about the hardware, but these are what you’d get in a mid-range and upper end phone from 2016. Seasoned users coming from a higher end or flagship phone from the last year or two might consider this one more of a sidestep than a step forward.. Those of you who have ever owned, or spent a moderate amount of time, with a flagship phone from the last few years will likely be familiar with the “premium” experience. This is generally comprised of, but not limited to, glass on one or both sides, metal housing, and/or expensive build materials.. Despite Blu’s billing of the sleek metal body housing, the R2 Plus is not a premium device.. You’ve still got a protective shell to remove for access to the SIM card(s) and microSD card slot. On a more positive note, the case itself doesn’t feel as pliable or plastic as what you might have seen in cheaper phones from days gone by. Indeed, the R2 Plus is rather utilitarian by today’s standards and probably won’t draw the admiration of others.. the same 5.5-inch display as its predecessor; however, this time the resolution has been bumped from 1280 x 720 pixels to 1920 x 1080. It’s somewhat noticeable when you compare the two, but it’s hard to truly discern much higher than this. Would a 2K screen be great? Sure, but we like money, too.. The target user will appreciate the display here and text, pictures, and video look just fine for our needs.. We’ve said it many times, but you truly don’t see the differences or where corners are cut as much until you compare it to a pricier or bigger named counterpart. On their own, phones like the R2 Plus are perfectly good for most, especially the buying demographic. Shine a light on them, though, and you can see where someone like Samsung or LG might command a bigger price tag. Blu’s first phone of the year is nothing special on the outside, but it never pretends to be anything more, either.. Whereas last year’s model felt a little thicker than some of the other 5.5-inch phones of the time, this year’s model doesn’t. Perhaps this is due to having a battery that’s 1/4 the capacity: R1 Plus has 4,000mAh, R2 Plus has 3,000mAh. Whatever it is, the phone feels good to hold, even with a smaller, single hand.. The curved display is something we’ve come to expect in phones in 2018 so it was nice to see that present on the Blu R2 Plus. It’s a nice aesthetic choice that rounds off the overall experience and also helps in the event of an accidental drop.. Holding the phone and spending a few minutes taking things in, you don’t get the impression that you have a “no-name” or “off-brand” device. We’ve liked watching Blu evolve over the years; its phones tend to keep pace well with most OEMs and never try to punch above their weight. Suffice it to say, this certainly doesn’t feel cheap or inexpensive.. The model we were sent is black, however you can also purchase the R2 Plus in gold. We suspect it looks a little more polished and eye-catching but that’s not to suggest the black is ugly. The aluminum battery cover has a flat, almost matte finish but it does register fingerprints and oily touches rather easily. Not to worry, though, as it’s easy to clean up.. As for the general configuration of the phone, the volume rocker and power buttons are on the right side of the display. The power button carries over the knurling from its predecessor, as do the volume buttons. It’s very minor, but you can feel it nicely when fumbling for the phone in the dark. feedback and response in line within our expectations.. The headphone jack is found at the top side, toward the left of the phone and the microUSB port. Given the overall packager here we’re okay giving a pass on the charging port, but the placement leaves us scratching our head. For the R3 Plus we expect to see USB Type C.. One of the biggest missing pieces from last generation is present for the 2018 model. Since Android 6.0, the platform has supported fingerprint readers at the OS level. And, while it was not in the R1 Plus, it’s here. We like the added layer of security and verification and certainly recommend using it where possible.. Our review unit was responsive and picked up fingerprints quickly. Surely there’s some chart somewhere that ranks response times and measures them in fractions of a second. Let’s just say that there was never a problem with registering touch and leave it at that.. The rear cover is removable, opening up access to the microSD card slot and dual microSIM card slots. It’s worth noting that the battery is not removable. At 3,000mAh it’s in line with most devices on the market, but it’s actually quite a step down from the R1 Plus.. We tend to charge phones at night out of habit just to be safe; we never really ran into a problem with battery that wasn’t solved with a few (10-15) minutes on the charger.. We were really happy to see that Blu didn’t keep the same type of battery cover that was found on last year’s model. That was truly one of the hardest cases we could get to remove. The R2 Plus is much easier and comes off without much fuss.. Like the R1 Plus, the R2 Plus features a 13-megapixel rear camera but this time we get a slightly better f/2.0 aperture. This was noticeable right away when we started shooting pics in the dreary Ohio winter evenings. The R2 Plus handled indoor and low lighting conditions better and the shutter responded quicker.. Around front we have another 13-megapixel camera, and again the same aperture settings. This is remarkably better than the 5-megapixel selfie camera on the previous edition. Both cameras include an LED flash and a handful of shooting modes.. There’s not a lot happening in the actual camera app so we might suggest downloading something else from the Play Store. It’s okay to get you started, but you will want to spread your wings if you’re looking for additional settings and configurations.. Given the cost of the R2 Plus, we were pleased with the pictures. As we’ve noted in other reviews, a lot of what we do with our photos tends to live in the cloud or are often viewed from mobile devices, it’s really tough to find fault with the quality. A lot of people just throw a filter on a pic, upload to social media, and call it a day. The R2 HD works more than sufficiently.. HDR pictures took a little bit longer to snap and process so keep that in mind when selecting your subject. If you’re shooting still images, nature, or slow moving subjects, it’s fine. But, throw a cat or a child in the mix and you’re not going to keep up very well. Toggle off HDR and grab those sort of shots, just be prepared for lesser quality color, vibrancy, or accuracy.. If you’ve ever read our reviews on Blu, one of things we’ve come to appreciate in its devices is that they’re pretty much unadulterated versions of Android. In most cases this means almost strictly Google apps with a small mix of apps sprinkled in. Other than that, it’s just about the same look and feel that you’d get directly from Google.. The R2 Plus keeps the tradition alive and doesn’t have much at all. Our review unit had Amazon, Prime Video, Opera, and Next Radio.. There’s a full suite of Google apps and services present, too. Titles include Drive, Calendar, Gmail, Messages, Maps, Photos, YouTube, Play Music, Play Movies & TV, and the Play Store.. Interestingly enough, Blu doesn’t offer the same software experience from one phone to the next. Be it tiny changes in what can be configured, the pre-loaded apps, and/or the camera application, it’s always a surprise. By and large, though, Blu does stick to a pretty lean UI and configuration.. runs Android 7.0 Nougat, which is technically only one full version behind what’s available today. We’re seeing quite a few new models running 8.0 Oreo out of the box so it would have been nice to have here. How much does that matter to the target demographic? Probably not as much as it does to fanboys and loyalists.. One feeling we often echo for low-cost devices, or those from Blu, is that you might want to consider the device “as is” when it comes to software. More specifically, you ought not look for Android updates.. In most cases, the users for these sort of phones is not demanding and cares little of the actual version of Android so much as to how it works. And, given that the overall look and feel has not changed drastically in the last generation or two, this works in Blu’s favor. Still, we would have liked to see Android 8.0 Oreo; it’s been available for more than a few months to OEMs.. Android 7.0 means still have some of the latest in protection from Google, plus all of the recent design principles. The stuff in 8.0 is more finely tuned and a little more customizable, sure, but it’s not necessary. Truth be told, it’s still newer than what a lot of current Android users have today.. For what it’s worth, we noticed that this had the Android security patch dated from October 5, 2017. As long as security, malware, and other threats are dealt with in a timely or orderly fashion it shouldn’t prove to be much of an issue.. We didn’t use the R2 Plus as a daily driver as much of our time over the last ten days (post-CES) has been hectic. But, we did throw on a handful of games that we’ve been playing and we did sync up a few of our accounts.. We’re used to having phones with 4GB of memory and a generally more robust set of hardware. Does this make the R2 Plus noticeably slower or laggy? Not for what we threw at it.. The R2 Plus handles typical daily tasks without any issue. Be it browsing Facebook and other social media, Reddit, casual gaming, messaging, and daily tasks, it took things in stride.. Having said that, the R3 Plus will need 4GB RAM if it hopes to catch our eye next generation.. Blu continues to walk the line of affordability and performance, especially along the lower end of the spectrum. The R2 Plus is a solid unit that should work well for its intended uses.. For someone who is just getting into smartphones and doesn’t want to commit to long-term financing or expensive devices, this is a good start.. Likewise, it’s a decent sidestep or “band aid” phone should you have dropped or lost your current phone.. We have no issues with recommending the R2 Plus. There are a few quibbles and questionable choices, but nothing to the point of telling you to avoid the phone. Why is a microUSB charging port on the top of the phone? Why are we still using microUSB? Why doesn’t Blu have the exact same software suite and configuration on all of its phones?. You can purchase the R2 Plus through Amazon for $179.99 starting immediately. As an incentive, you can save $50. At $129.99 this is an really interesting device and one to consider for your GSM needs.. A solid, unlocked phone that works well for AT&T and T-Mobile brands, the Blu phone offers an unadulterated build of Android. Aside from a few questionable decisions, we have no issue in recommending the R2 Plus.. TAGS blu blu r2 plus r2 plus. Previous article This $50 outdoor speaker is extremely durable and doubles as a 7,000mAh power bank. Next article TomTop shaves $350 off the Zhiyun Crane Plus 3 Axis Handheld Gimbal Stabilizer (Promoted Deals). Now in our tenth year, AndroidGuys offers daily news, reviews, editorials, and tutorials. Articles listed under this byline are comprised of those written by current and former employees of AndroidGuys as well as guest contributors and sponsors.. UHANS Max 2 review: A mega-phablet that won’t break the bank. Blu Vivo X review: Can you get a flagship experience for under $250?. ASUS, Project Tango, and what could have been (ASUS ZenFone AR Review). Tricks, tips, and tweaks: 10 things every Pixel 2 absolutely must.... The Pixel 2 is one of the best phones you can buy today. Not just for the hardware, but because of the incredible amount of power in Android 8.0 Oreo. Let us help you customize the experience to your exact liking!. Sony Xperia XZ2 and Xperia XZ2 Compact go live with new.... Sony launches a new pair of flagships with refined design, 18:9 aspect ratio and the powerful Snapdragon 845 processor under the hood.. LG V30S ThinQ arrives with an AI-powered camera, more RAM and.... Alcatel 3 Series will be offered in three variants. Tricks, tips, and tweaks: 10 things every Pixel 2 absolutely must know. Five Android Oreo features you can install on any Android phone. Follow us on Instagram @androidguys. Stop missing deadlines and grab a lifetime license of Aeon Timeline.... Isn't it time you start acting responsibly? Pick up a lifetime license to Aeon Timeline 2 and you'll be better organized and ready to hit deadlines and goals in a timely manner. Save 60% through our store today!. Charge up your phone with a sophisticated looking marble wireless Qi.... Seven astrology apps for those who want to know what fate.... Pay as little as you want to learn Python with our.... Pick up a lifetime 2TB Zoolz cloud storage plan for $50. Tricks, tips, and tweaks: 10 things every Pixel 2 absolutely must know. Five Android Oreo features you can install on any Android phone. Five ways to beef up your Instagram privacy. Now in our tenth year, AndroidGuys loves to provide readers with the latest news and rumors as well as reviews, opinion pieces, and tools to get more from your Android.. 
Likes Followers Followers Followers Followers mobitabspecs Subscribe. TomTop Deals: Sharp Z2 4G smartphone available for $117.99 GearBest Deals: Onda V80 Tablet available for $74.99 TomTop Deals: HOMTOM S8 available for $128.99 GearBest Deals: Xiaomi Mi Note 3 available for $379.99 TomTop Deals: Koolnee K1 Trio smartphone available for $229.99 GearBest Deals: Xiaomi Mi Mix 2 available for $569.99 GearBest Deals: Xiaomi Mi 6 smartphone available for $449.99 GearBest Deals: MSI GL62M 7RD – 223CN Gaming Laptop available for $899.99 GearBest Deals: Vernee X Mobile available for $247.99 TomTop Deals: MX10 Android 7.1.2 TV Box RK3328 4GB / 32GB available for $58.99. Mobitabspecs - Tech Blog with Mobile Phones News and Specifications. News Deals Review Specification Mobiles Tablets Laptops Compare Comparisons. All Apps News Tablet News Mobile News Accessories News. Intex Aqua Lions T1 Lite launched in India for Rs 3899. iLA X AliExpress Tech Discovery Promotions & Will Attend the MWC 2018. Unnamed HTC 2Q5W1 smartphone spotted on GeekBench. Prev Next. All Tablet Deals TomTop Deals Mobile Deals Laptop Deals GearBest Deals Accessories Deal. TomTop Deals: Sharp Z2 4G smartphone available for $117.99. GearBest Deals: Onda V80 Tablet available for $74.99. TomTop Deals: HOMTOM S8 available for $128.99. Prev Next. DesignCap Review- A Free and Effortless Online Poster Maker. Create Beautiful Logo Designs for Your Business With DesignEvo. Review: iSeePassword Windows Password Recovery Pro. Switch To A New Phone And Make The Switch As Easy As It Gets. Prev Next. Home Gadgets Mobiles BLU R2 Plus. Brand: Blu Category: Mobiles. OS : Android OS v7.0. The overall rating is based on review by our experts. 8.3 4.2 1. Display 9 / 10. RAM 8 / 10. Processor 8 / 10. Camera 8 / 10. Connectivity 9 / 10. Battery 8 / 10. Performance 8 / 10. Design 8 / 10. BLU R2 Plus smartphone was launched in Nov-2017. The device comes in Black and Gold colours.. The smartphone features a 5.5-inch IPS LCD multi-touch display with a screen resolution of 1920 x 1080 pixels.. The device has a 1.3GHz Octa-core MediaTek MT6753 processor with Mali T720 GPU and 2GB of RAM. BLU R2 Plus smartphone comes with a 32GB of inbuilt memory which can expandable up to 64GB memory via microSD card expansion.. It runs Android 7.0 Nougat OS and comes with a 3000mAh battery. The device sports a 13MP rear camera with dual LED flash and a 13MP front camera with LED flash as well. It also houses a Fingerprint scanner.. The device connectivity option includes Bluetooth v4.0, Wi-Fi 802.11 b/g/n, GPS, 4G, Dual Sim and micro USB port. The handset measures 155.7 mm x 77 mm x 9.2 mm and weighs 167g.. BLU R2 Plus - Technical Specification. Type Design Type called form factor refers to a mobile phone's size, shape, and style as well as the layout and position of major components of phone. There are three major form factors seen in mobile phones => bar phones, folding phones and sliding phones.. 155.7 mm x 77 mm x 9.2 mm. Display Type Display Technology => A number of display technologies and types used in mobile phones => TFT (Thin Film Transistor), IPS (In-Place Switching), OLED (Organic Light Emitting Diode), AMOLED (Active-Matrix Organic Light-Emitting Diode), Super AMOLED (an even advanced version of AMOLED), Resistive Touchscreen (Resistive touchscreens contain two layer of conductive material with a very small gap between them which acts as a resistance), Capacitive Touchsceen (Capacitive touchscreen technology consists of a layer of glass coated with a transparent conductor). Pixel Density Pixel Density (PPI) is refers to the concentration of pixels on a particular display, measured in pixels per inch (ppi). Pixel density is calculated by dividing the diagonal pixel resolution of a display by its diagonal size, higher pixel density better display quality.. Display Colors Display Colors is refers to the number of different shades of colors that the screen is capable of displaying => 64K colors, 256K colors and 16 million colors, Obviously 16M is highest available range of colors and better than others.. Display Protection Display Protection => Gorilla Glass is a special alkali-aluminosilicate glass shield with exceptional damage resistance that helps protect mobile displays from scratches, drops, and bumps of everyday use, It is always better to go for a smartphone with Gorilla Glass for that added protection and peace of mind.. -~69.5% screen-to-body ratio -2.5D curved glass. GSM 850 / 900 / 1800 / 1900 MHz. GSM 850 / 900 / 1900 / 2100 MHz. SIM SIM (Subscriber Identity Module) is a small card that contains mobile network subscriber's account information. This allows the phone using the card to attach to a mobile network. The SIM card is most commonly associated with GSM and UMTS mobile networks. Moving a SIM card from one phone to another allows a subscriber to switch mobile phones without having to contact their mobile network carrier. SIM cards can also be used by a phone to store limited amounts of data, such as phone numbers and text messages.. Chipset Chipset is a group of integrated circuits designed to perform one or a more dedicated functions, often with real time computing constraints, Popular smartphones are equipped with more advanced embedded chipsets that can do many different tasks depending on their programming.. CPU CPU (Central Processing Unit) mostly known as processors, CPU processes instructions in order to carry out certain functions that make your device operate properly. Processors are often described as the brain of computers, smartphones and tablets, Smartphones and tablets rely on processors to carry out their every task, Processors are an incredibly important factor in selecting any type of computing device, including your smartphone.. GPU GPU (Graphics Processing Unit) is a single-chip processor designed to rapidly manipulate and alter memory to accelerate the creation of images in a frame buffer intended for output to a display, This includes things such as lighting effects, object transformations, and 3D motion.. RAM (Memory) RAM (Random Access Memory) is a type of computer memory that can be accessed randomly, any byte of memory can be accessed without touching the preceding bytes that allows information to be stored and accessed quickly from random locations. RAM is the most common type of memory found in computer systems, smartphones, tablets and other electronic devices.. Internal Storage Internal Storage is a data storage space (flash memory) mostly used in smartphones, tablets and other electronic devices where operating system, apps, music, photos, videos, files and other user data Is stored.. Card Slot Memory Card Slot is a special slot for inserting a memory card. Memory cards allow you to expand the phone's built-in memory, A memory card (sometimes called a flash memory card or a storage card) is a small storage medium used to store data such as text, pictures, audio, and video, for use on small, portable or remote computing devices such as mobile phones, mp3 players, digital cameras.. Dedicated slot Dedicated slot refers to a non-hybrid slot i.e. u can use two sim cards as well as a micro sd memory card at the same time. Sensors Sensors are electronic components that detects and responds to some type of input from the physical environment. The specific input could be light, heat, motion, moisture, pressure and location, The output is generally a signal that is converted to use in computing systems, a location sensor, such as a GPS receiver is able to detect current location of your electronic device.. Accelerometer Proximity Compass Ambient light Fingerprint. Operating System OS => Every computer system run on a base software called Operating System (OS). Operating System controls all basic operations of the computer (such as smartphone, PDAs, tablet computers and other handheld devices). The Operating System allows the user to install and run third party applications (apps), apps are used to add new functionality to the device.. Java Support Java for Mobile Devices is a set of technologies that let developers deliver applications and services to all types of mobile handsets, ranging from price efficient feature-phones to the latest smartphones. Java is currently running on over 3 billion phones worldwide, and growing. It offers unrivaled potential for the distribution and monetization of mobile applications.. Youtube Youtube is a popular free video-sharing website, Youtube is the largest video sharing site in the world, Millions of users around the world have created accounts on the site that allow them to upload videos that anyone can watch.. Facebook Facebook is a popular free social networking website that allows registered users to create profiles, upload photos and video, send messages and keep in touch with friends, family and colleagues. The site is available in 37 different languages.. SMS SMS (Short Messaging Service) is a text messaging service component of phone, Web, or mobile communication systems. It uses standardized communications protocols to allow mobile phone devices to exchange short text messages over the networks.. MMS MMS (Multimedia Messaging Service) is a standard way to send messages that include multimedia content (audio clips, video clips and images) to and from mobile phones over wireless networks using the WAP protocol.. Email Email (Electronic Mail) is a system for receiving, sending, and storing electronic messages, Similar to a letter, email is text messages that may contain files, images, or other attachments sent via the internet to a recipient by using applications and software prograps. An email address is required to receive email, and that address is unique to the user.. IM IM (Instant Messaging) is an exchange of text messages through a software application, it enable you to create a kind of private chat room with another individual in order to communicate in real time over the Internet.. Primary Camera is able to capture photographs and usually videos, The most important characteristics of a camera are the resolution (measured in megapixels), lens focus type (fixed or automatic), higher megapixel cameras are known to capture higher quality photos, but not always a good measurement of the photos quality.. Flash Flash Light => There is commonly two types of flash lights are used in camera mobile phones, LED Flash (LED flash offers lower power consumption with drive circuitry that takes up very little room, LEDs can be strobed faster than any other light source), Xenon Flash (xenon flash produces an extremely intense full-spectrum white light for a very short duration). Geotagging Autofocus HDR Touch focus Face detection Panorama. Bluetooth Bluetooth is a wireless communications technology for exchanging data between mobile phones, headsets, computers and other network devices over short distances without wires, Bluetooth technology was primarily designed to support simple wireless networking of personal consumer devices.. Infrared Infrared connectivity is an old wireless technology used to connect two electronic devices. It uses a beam of infrared light to transmit information and so requires direct line of sight and operates only at close range.. Wi-fi Wi-Fi is a popular wireless networking technology using radio waves to provide high-speed network connections that allows devices to communicate without cords or cables, Wi-Fi is increasingly becoming the preferred mode of internet connectivity all over the world.. GPS GPS The Global Positioning System is a satellite-based radio navigation system, GPS permits users to determine their position, velocity and the time 24 hours a day, in all weather, anywhere in the world, In order to locate your position, your device or GPS receiver must have a clear view of the sky.. NFC NFC (Near field communication) is a set of standards for smartphones and similar devices to establish peer-to-peer radio communications with each other by touching them together or bringing them into proximity, usually no more than a few inches.. Wireless Charging Wireless Charging (Inductive Charging) uses an electromagnetic field to transfer energy between two objects. This is usually done with a charging station. Energy is sent through an inductive coupling to an electrical device, which can then use that energy to charge batteries or run the device.. HDMI HDMI (High-Definition Multimedia Interface) is a compact audio/video interface for transferring uncompressed video data and compressed or uncompressed digital audio data from a HDMI-compliant source device to a compatible computer monitor, video projector, digital television, or digital audio device.. GPRS GPRS (General Packet Radio Service) is a packet oriented mobile data service on the 2G and 3G cellular communication system's global system for mobile communications (GSM), Generally, GPRS is used for the purpose of wireless data transfer, such as sharing pictures and videos or browsing the Internet via a mobile phone connection.. EDGE EDGE (Enhanced Data GSM Environment) is a wireless network technology generally considered the next step in the 2G network offers data transfer rates up to four times faster than ordinary GSM networks, Generally, EDGE is used for the purpose of wireless data transfer, such as sharing pictures and videos or browsing the Internet via a mobile phone connection.. 42.2 Mbps (HSDPA), 5.76 Mbps;(HSUPA), LTE 150/50 Mbps. Web Browser Web Browser => a web browser is a software application used to locate, retrieve and display content on the World Wide Web, including Web pages, images, video and other files, The primary function of a web browser is to render HTML, the code used to design or markup webpages.. 3GP, M4V, H.263, H.264, MOV, AVI, xVID, WMV, FLV, MP4, H.265. Battery Type Battery Type => Cell phones run on various kinds of batteries depending on the manufacturer, phone size or shape and features. There are basically four types of cell phone batteries => Lithium Polymer, Lithium Ion, Nickel Metal Hydride and Nickel Cadmium.. Capacity Battery Capacity is a measure (typically in Amp-hr) of the charge stored by the battery, and is determined by the mass of active material contained in the battery. The battery capacity represents the maximum amount of energy that can be extracted from the battery under certain conditions.. Active noise cancellation with dedicated mic 2. Photo and video editor 4. BLU R2 Plus - Rate this Device Be the first to add a Review Your Name * Your Email * Review Title * Review Text * Rate this Product Display: Screen size, image quality (brightness, colors, contrast, etc), visibility in sun light, angles of view and touchscreen. RAM: Processor: Bluetooth, Wi-fi connectivity, data trnasfer speed, internet browsing and interfaces. Camera: Usability of Camera interface, image and video quality in different light conditions and environment. Connectivity: Bluetooth, Wi-fi connectivity, data trnasfer speed, internet browsing and interfaces. Battery: What about battery life, while calling, listening music, watching videos, playing games and doing other tasks. Performance: Is this device perform good while watching videos, playing games, taking snapshots, browsing internet and navigate through other applications? Design: What do you feel about Design and build quality of this device? Average Rating 6 / 10 based on your selection. Please post a user review only if you have / had this product.. BLU C5 LTE 0 Reviews View specs →. BLU Vivo 8 $259.00 View specs →. Blu Grand Energy Specifications, features 0 Reviews View specs →. BLU R2 LTE 0 Reviews View specs →. BLU Tank Xtreme 5.0 Specifications, features 0 Reviews View specs →. BLU Studio View XL 0 Reviews View specs →. BLU Advance A5 Plus $109.99 View specs →. BLU Advance A5 LTE $109.00 View specs →. BLU Grand XL full specifications, features 0 Reviews View specs →. BLU Vivo One 0 Reviews View specs →. BLU Studio J5 Specifications, features 0 Reviews View specs →. BLU Vivo 8L 0 Reviews View specs →. BLU Studio J8M LTE 0 Reviews View specs →. BLU Studio J1 0 Reviews View specs →. BLU Vivo X 0 Reviews View specs →. BLU Grand M2 0 Reviews View specs →. 13,512 Likes 3,221 Followers 4 Followers 226 Followers 3,166 Followers RSS Subscribe. Intex Aqua Lions T1 Lite launched in India for Rs 3899. iLA X AliExpress Tech Discovery Promotions & Will…. Unnamed HTC 2Q5W1 smartphone spotted on GeekBench. Motorola Moto X4 6GB RAM variant launched in India. Prev Next 1 of 68. Mobile Specifications ZTE Tempo Go $80.00 ZTE Blade V9 Vita Ulefone T2 Pro Samsung Galaxy S9 Plus $839.99 Samsung Galaxy S9 $719.99 Nokia 8110 4G $99.00. Tablet Specifications BQ BQ-8041L Art $121.00 Samsung Galaxy Tab S4 10.5 SM-T835 Samsung Galaxy Tab A 10.1 2018 Samsung Galaxy Tab E 8.0 2018 Huawei Mediapad M5 10 Pro $643.00 Huawei Mediapad M5 10 $468.00. Laptop Specifications Dell XPS 13 9370 XPS9370-7170GLD-PUS Laptop $1,549.00 Dell XPS 13 9370 XPS9370-5156SLV-PUS Laptop $1,299.00 Xiaomi Air 13.3 Intel Core i7 Notebook $976.99 Asus A541UJ7200 Notebook $739.99 Asus A541UV7100 Notebook $609.99 Acer Predator 21 X $8,999.00. Recent Compares Alcatel 3 vs Alcatel 3x vs Alcatel 3v View Comparison → Alcatel 1x vs Alcatel 3v vs Alcatel 3x View Comparison → Nokia 8 Pro vs Nokia 7 Plus View Comparison →. Top Rated Samsung Galaxy S9 Plus $839.99 Samsung Galaxy S9 Active Apple iPhone Xc Apple iPhone X Plus LG Signature Edition $1,800.00 Apple iPhone X $999.00. Brands 10.or 3 360 3 Acer 8 AGM 1 Alcatel 36 Allcall 1 Allview 20 Apple 11 Archos 38 Asus 46 AT&T 1 Blackberry 5 Blackview 24 Blu 45 Bluboo 8 BQ 21 Brandeis 1 Cagabi 2 CAT 5 Celkon 7 Changhong 0 Cherry Mobile 5 Coolpad 24 Cubot 5 Dell 2 DEXP 4 Doogee 16 Doopro 9 Doov 3 EL 1 Elephone 16 Energizer 1 Essential 1 Fly 20 Freetel 2 Geecoo 5 Geotel 1 Gionee 31 Google 4 Gooweel 2 Gretel 1 Hafury 3 Haier 6 Highscreen 3 Hisense 6 HomTom 7 HP 2 HTC 19 Huawei 93 IBall 3 iMAN 0 iNew 1 Infinix 3 Infocus 10 Innjoo 1 Intex 29 itel 4 Ivoomi 10 Jinga 4 Jivi 4 Karbonn 20 Kenxinda 8 Kingzone 1 Kodak 1 Konka 3 Koobee 1 Kyocera 11 Lava 11 Leagoo 12 LeEco 6 Lenovo 14 Lephone 4 LG 53 LYF 3 M-Tech 1 Meitu 3 Meizu 20 Micromax 33 Microsoft 2 Motorola 28 Noa 1 Nokia 25 Nomi 2 Nomu 2 OKWU 2 OnePlus 5 Oppo 28 Oukitel 15 Panasonic 24 Phicomm 3 Philips 10 Phonemax 4 Plum 3 Prestigio 26 Razer 1 Red 1 Runbo 1 Samsung 90 Sansui 1 Senseit 1 Sharp 18 Smartisan 3 Smartron 2 Sony 30 Spice 3 Sugar 10 Swipe 6 Symphony 8 T-Mobile 5 TCL 1 Teclast 1 Tecno 13 Texet 1 THL 1 TP-Link 5 Uhans 7 Ulefone 11 UMI 7 Unihertz 2 Vernee 7 Vertex 3 Vertu 0 Verykool 22 Videocon 5 Vivo 24 Vkworld 4 Vodafone 3 Vphone 1 Walton 2 Wiko 16 Wileyfox 1 Xgody 5 Xiaolajiao 13 Xiaomi 38 Xolo 4 YotaPhone 1 Yu 2 Zen 12 Ziox 6 Zopo 8 ZTE 72. Facebook Join us on Facebook Twitter Join us on Twitter Google+ Join us on Google Instagram Join us on Instagram Pinterest Join us on Pinterest. Mobitabspecs.com is a Tech Blog With Mobiles Tablets Laptops specifications, comparisons, Rumours full information and Resources. Mobiles Tablets Laptops News, Software Reviews, Daily exclusive Deals & Coupons and more.. Laptops 13 Mobiles 1396 Upcoming Mobiles 693 Tablets 101. Home Contact Us Disclaimer Privacy Policy Site Map Comparisons Compare Brands. 
BLU R2 Plus Review – Budget Excellence. Android , BLU , Pocketables , Reviews. MediaTek 6753, octa-core CPU @ 1.3 GHz. Upgrade cycles are stretching as people are starting to figure out what their devices actually cost. And with that awareness, the market for competent mid and low-range phones is expanding. Selling unlocked, wallet friendly, phones for GSM carriers through Amazon. And that’s where today’s subject, the BLU R2 Plus, comes into the picture.. They’re back with another device aimed at the budget conscious smartphone buyer. is a $179 phone that carries a Full HD display, a metal body, and decent internals. Over the last 12-18 months there has been a dramatic upswing in the quality of BLU devices and the R2 Plus continues that trend.. Cheap plastic budget phones are a thing of the past. The R2 Plus is an attractive, if somewhat nondescript, slab phone that is available only in black. The front is covered in all glass that is perfectly rounded at the edges. The back is gently curved aluminum that feels great to hold. I feel like I say this all the time, but budget phones are sure getting good.. There are noticeable bezels above and below the screen. They aren’t quite iPhone 8 level, but they are there. Thankfully, the side bezels are slim. Above the display sits the front camera, an LED flash, and notification light that’s used when charging. Volume and power controls sit on the now-default right side of the device. Volume is controlled by a single rocker which is easily distinguishable from the power button.. The back of the R2 Plus is all aluminum and it feels great. The main camera and flash is centered at the top of the phone, just where they should be. Beneath the camera is a fingerprint reader. The single speaker is rear-facing and located near the bottom edge. That’s not ideal but is certainly understandable on a phone at this price.. That brings me to the one design-related element I really dislike about the R2 Plus. The charging port is located on the top edge of the phone. It’s not even centered but is to the right side. Almost every phone out there puts the charging port where it belongs – dead center along the bottom edge. This is something I could never get used to when testing the R2 Plus as muscle memory just always caused me to try to plug the cable in in the usual spot. It’s not a device killer but it is annoying.. The screen is 5.5 inches and 1920×1080 which lands at 400 PPI. That’s quite good for a sub-$200 device. The screen is an LCD which still isn’t my favorite display tech but it looks fine. BLU’s MiraVision settings utility is back to allow you to customize the display appearance. Everything I said about in in the Life One X3 review applies to the R2 Plus. You can set the screen to Standard, Vivid (my favorite), or a user mode that lets you customize things yourself. The Vivid mode makes things pop a bit and look a little closer to a tuned AMOLED display. I also like to enable dynamic contrast. Overall, it’s a good display made better with the ability to customize it.. The R2 Plus has 3 GB RAM and 32 GB storage with the ability to add an additional 64 GB using microSD. The CPU package is the octa-core MediaTek 6753 with Mali-T720 GPU, the same as in the Life One X3. So, as expected, this device performs just like the Life One X3. Which means it is roughly equivalent to the Nexus 6. And at $179, that’s quite good.. With the same internals driving the R2 Plus, again everything I said about the Life One X3 applies.. Navigating around the device shows it to be smooth and responsive. Apps launch reasonably quickly and I had no problems running my normal complement of apps – Chrome, Newsblur, Allo, Netflix, Amazon, and more. I also want to mention the fingerprint reader. Everyday usage proves the device to be just as capable as the Moto Z2 Play that I loved when I reviewed it last year.. The R2 Plus ships with a 3,000 mAh battery. That’s good, especially with the power-friendly MediaTek chipset. But most users will find it adequate for a day’s worth of usage. I found the need to top off the battery in the evening especially if I’d been using the device heavily.. The R2 Plus is almost 100% vanilla Android 7.0. From the Launcher 3 home screen, to the stock settings menu, and even the standard notification shade with quick actions the R2 Plus is decidedly standard. It helps to ensure that the phone provides the best performance on its limited hardware.. The cameras are good enough for a $179 phone but really aren’t very good. There are twin 13 MP shooters with LED flash on the front and back. There are plenty of customization options including the ability to modify white balance, exposure, electronic image stabilization, and more. See the samples below and you’ll see how it can struggles.. The BLU R2 Plus is an excellent value. At $179 you get a device that can do everything the average smartphone user requires in an attractive, if somewhat plain, package. That BLU includes a TPU case, screen protector, and headphones just solidifies the value proposition for this phone. Performance is good and value is spectacular. Check it out on Amazon if such a device appeals to your needs and budget.. I'm a long-time tech and gadget enthusiast that currently uses Android, Windows 10 Mobile, and iOS devices. I'm always interested in ways to improve my family's life with new devices and services, though my beautiful wife might just say I'm addicted to playing with gadgets.. Jabra Speak 710 speakerphone/wireless speaker review. Eyedro Wireless Home Electricity Monitor review. iClever Bluetooth Speaker BTS05 – review. Check Out This Disney Parks Exclusive OtterBox Case. Huawei Mate 10 Pro review, a week in. [DEAL] The BLU VIVO X is On Sale for $199 for a Limited Time. Get a grip on your games with Gamevice. Talking to your kids about Meltdown and Spectre. Post was not sent - check your email addresses!. Email check failed, please try again. Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.. 
more ... more .... more ... more .... Dimensions 6.11 x 3.03 x 0.36 inches (155.3 x 77 x 9.2 mm). Weight 5.89 oz (167 g) the average is 5.6 oz (159 g). Resolution 1080 x 1920 pixels. Features Ambient light sensor, Proximity sensor. Pixel density - The pixel density of a display represents the number of pixels over an area of one inch. It’s measured in “pixels per inch”, or ppi. The higher the number, the more detailed and good-looking the display is.. Screen-to-body ratio - Shows what part of the frontal area of a phone its screen occupies.. Software Features Touch to focus, Face detection, Digital zoom, Geo tagging. Camcorder 1920x1080 (1080p HD) (30 fps). Aperture size - The aperture of a camera is the opening through which light travels before it reaches the camera sensor. The smaller the number is, the bigger this opening is, allowing for more light to pass.. Octa-core, 1300 MHz, ARM Cortex-A53, 64-bit, 28 nm. System chip - Most modern handsets use an advanced chip that includes many of the device’s hardware modules like the processor, Wi-Fi, Bluetooth and sometimes even the wireless radio. This field shows what particular system chip (or System-on-a-Chip) is used in the phone.. Processor - The processor is the main computing component of a phone and is a major factor when it comes to the overall speed of the device. Some more powerful smartphones use dual-core and quad-core processors designed to deliver greater performance.. Graphics processor - The graphics processor is important for the smooth operation of the system and especially in games and other applications that may involve complex graphics and animations.. System memory - System memory, or RAM memory is the type of memory that the device uses to temporarily store data from the OS or currently-running apps. The more RAM available to the device, the better the performance will be when multiple or heavier programs are running.. Built-in storage - Bigger storage capacity allows you to keep more content saved onto your device, such as more applications, photos or video. Games and video content typically take up the biggest amount of storage space.. Storage expansion - Some handsets allow you to expand their storage capacity by using a memory expansion card – most often microSD. Expansion memory is mostly suitable for media storage, such as photo, video or music content.. Capacity - The bigger, the better! However, battery capacity is not the only factor that has an effect on battery life. Those include the chipset in use, the software running on the device, as well as the consumer's unique usage pattern.. Filter by Album, Artist, Genre, Playlists. Features Album art cover, Background playback. GSM 850, 900, 1800, 1900 MHz. UMTS 850, 900, 1700/2100, 1900, 2100 MHz. LTE (FDD) Bands 1, 2, 3, 4, 7, 12, 17, 28. Notifications Haptic feedback, Music ringtones, Flight mode, Silent mode, Speakerphone. Other features Voice dialing, Voice commands, Voice recording. Features Mass storage device, USB charging. Other VoIP, Tethering, Computer sync, OTA sync. Positioning - This field shows the positioning systems supported by the device. The most common types are GPS and A-GPS.. GPS - This is one of the most widespread global positioning technologies, developed and maintained by the U.S. It uses satellites in order to detect your location. A-GPS - A-GPS stands for Assisted GPS and is the industry standard for positioning and navigation. “Assisted” means that it can use local wireless networks, in addition to satellites, for quicker and more precise localization.. FCC ID value: YHLBLUR2PLUS link. FCC approval - The Federal Communications Commission (FCC) is an independent United States government agency, directly responsible to Congress. The FCC was established by the Communications Act of 1934 and is charged with regulating interstate and international communications by radio, television, wire, satellite and cable. The FCC's jurisdiction covers the 50 states, the District of Columbia, and U.S. Every wireless phone device that is sold in the U.S. has to be tested and approved for sale by the FCC.. Date approved - Shows the date when the particular phone is approved by the Federal Communications Commission. FCC measured SAR - Working closely with federal health and safety agencies, such as the Food and Drug Administration (FDA), the FCC has adopted limits for safe exposure to radiofrequency (RF) energy. These limits are given in terms of a unit referred to as the Specific Absorption Rate (SAR), which is a measure of the amount of radio frequency energy absorbed by the body when using a mobile phone. The FCC requires cell phone manufacturers to ensure that their phones comply with these objective limits for safe exposure. Any cell phone at or below these SAR levels (that is, any phone legally sold in the U.S.) is a "safe" phone, as measured by these standards. The FCC limit for public exposure from cellular telephones is an SAR level of 1.6 watts per kilogram (1.6 W/kg).. To see the full specifications with in-depth details click here.. $130 Buy. Samsung Galaxy A8 (2018) Review 6.5. Sony Xperia XA2 and Xperia XA2 Ultra Review 7.8. Huawei Mate 10 Lite Review 8. Jabra Elite 65t wireless earphones Review 8.5. Samsung Galaxy Note 3 vs Samsung Galaxy Note 2. LG V30 Review 8.8. The Samsung Galaxy S9 and S9+ have game-changing cameras with variable aperture and 960fps slow-mo video recording. The Big Barcelona Camera Comparison: iPhone X vs Pixel 2 XL vs Note 8. Samsung Galaxy S9 and S9+ rumor review: Specs, design, features, price and release date. Sony presents Xperia XZ2 and XZ2 Compact: new design and Snapdragon 845. Galaxy S9 Exynos edition gets benchmarked against rivals!. Galaxy S9 first camera comparison vs iPhone X, V30, S8. Samsung Galaxy S9 & S9+ hands-on. MWC 2018: top smartphones to expect. Best smartphone you can buy in 2018. Allo is a quality app, but Google isn't giving it a real chance. All content (phone reviews, news, specs, info), design and layouts are Copyright 2001-2018 phoneArena.com. Reproduction in whole or in part or in any form or medium without written permission is prohibited! Privacy. 
GSM 850 / 900 / 1800 / 1900 - SIM 1 & SIM 2. HSDPA 850 / 900 / 1700(AWS) / 1900 / 2100. LTE band 1(2100), 3(1800), 7(2600), 20(800) - R0150EE. LTE band 1(2100), 2(1900), 3(1800), 4(1700/2100), 7(2600), 12(700), 17(700), 28(700) - R0170WW. HSPA 42.2/11.5 Mbps, LTE Cat4 150/50 Mbps. 150.3 x 74.3 x 9.6 mm (5.92 x 2.93 x 0.38 in). IPS LCD capacitive touchscreen, 16M colors. 5.2 inches, 74.5 cm 2 (~66.8% screen-to-body ratio). 720 x 1280 pixels, 16:9 ratio (~282 ppi density). 32 GB, 3 GB RAM or 16 GB, 2 GB RAM. SMS(threaded view), MMS, Email, Push Email, IM. Up to 725 h (2G) / Up to 625 h (3G). Up to 26 h (2G) / Up to 16 h (3G). We can not guarantee that the information on this page is 100% correct. BLU R2 LTE - user opinions and reviews. It would help if you would put your comparison into layman's terms because not everybody plays games. because its camera final picture resolution is at 720 Pixels I had a BLU, specifically the STUDIO 5.0 HD and its final picture resolution was better was 1080 Pixels, that means a clear image and better resolution, see is not the megapixels for the ca.... How is 13MP not good enough resolution?. Samsung Apple Nokia Sony LG HTC Motorola Huawei Microsoft Lenovo Xiaomi Google Acer Asus Oppo OnePlus Meizu BlackBerry Alcatel ZTE Toshiba Vodafone Energizer XOLO Lava Micromax BLU Gionee vivo LeEco Panasonic HP YU verykool Maxwest Plum. BLU R2 Plus BLU R1 HD BLU R2 BLU Life One X3 BLU Vivo XL2 BLU S1. BLU Vivo X BLU Vivo 8 BLU Vivo One BLU Vivo XL BLU Vivo 5 BLU Life One X3. 
155.7 x 77 x 9.2 mm. Android OS v7.0 ( Nougat ). 13 MP 4160 x 3120 px autofocus. 850 / 900 / 1800 / 1900. DroidChart.com / Smartphones / BLU / BLU R2 Plus (2017). 5.5 inches 1080 x 1920 px. The detailed specifications, photos and introductory video of the BLU R2 Plus (R0190WW). The list of the competitors most often compared to the BLU R2 Plus smartphone.. The BLU R2 Plus (R0190WW) smartphone released in 2017. It is powered by Mediatek MT6753 chipset, 3 GB of RAM and 32 GB of internal storage.. The BLU R2 Plus runs on Android OS v7.0 (Nougat) out of the box. It comes with a Li-Po 3000 mAh, non-removable battery. It features a 5.5 inches IPS display with 1080 x 1920 px resolution. The IPS technology is one of the most leading LCD technologies in the world.. The BLU R2 Plus runs on Android OS v7.0 (Nougat) out of the box, but the R2 Plus's firmware can be upgraded to a newer version of OS.. Screen size is measured in inches, diagonally from corner to corner. The 5.5 inches IPS capacitive touch screen with 1080 x 1920 px resolution is multitouch capable.. The smartphone's memory (3 GB) cannot be expanded, but the storage (32 GB) can be expanded with a microSD card.. The camera of the BLU R2 Plus is equipped with autofocus. Autofocus is a camera feature that fine-tunes the focus of the camera, it is a nice feature of this smartphone.. R2 Plus is 3G and 4G capable. This smartphone has a built-in GPS receiver. GPS is a satellite based navigation system that allows the determination of the exact geographical location on Earth. This BLU smartphone has FM radio receiver.. The Li-Po 3000 mAh, non-removable battery gives the smartphone a good battery backup.. The smartphone sensors measure physical quantities and transmit them to the application processor. The phones's accelerometer is a built-in electronic component that measures tilt and motion. A fingerprint sensor is one of the easiest and most secure ways to protect your smartphone. The proximity sensor detects when a user is holding the phone near their face during a call and turns off the display to prevent keypad presses and battery consumption from the display. The R2 Plus has Dual SIM capability, which means that you can insert two different SIM cards and use them both from one phone.. Compare BLU R2 Plus to other smartphones. The specifications above are based on the official data published by the manufacturer, but we also take user reviews into consideration. If you found an error or something lacking in the specifications above for the BLU R2 Plus, then don’t hesitate and signal the problem to us.. According to our statistics, the BLU R2 Plus smartphone was most often compared on our site with the following smartphones.. Compare BLU R2 Plus to other smartphones. If there’s information about the BLU R2 Plus that you would like to see on this site, then write to our webmaster@droidchart.com address.. 
Sony Xperia XZ2 and Xperia XZ2 Compact go live with new…. LG V30S ThinQ arrives with an AI-powered camera, more RAM and…. Alcatel 3 Series will be offered in three variants. ZTE USA debuts Tempo Go as first Android Go phone for…. HUAWEI announces a 5G endpoint for telecom carries and the MediaPad…. All Accessory Reviews App Reviews Hardware Reviews Smartphone Reviews. UHANS Max 2 review: A mega-phablet that won’t break the bank. Seven astrology apps for those who want to know what fate…. Blu Vivo X review: Can you get a flagship experience for…. Seven self-help and motivation apps to channel your inner peace. Tricks, tips, and tweaks: 10 things every Pixel 2 absolutely must…. Five Android Oreo features you can install on any Android phone. Five ways to beef up your Instagram privacy. Nine tips & tricks to master Google Keep. How to disable personalized ads on Android. Reviews Smartphone Reviews Blu R1 Plus review: A refreshed approach to the budget handset. REVIEW OVERVIEW Build Quality Display Performance Software Price Camera Sound SUMMARY. Mediatek 6737 | 1.3GHz Quad Core Processor with Mali-T720. 32GB Internal Storage with microSD (up to 64GB). 5.5-inch 720 x 1280 pixel display. 4G LTE: 2/4/7/17 (12 will be available over-the-air). After having launched its “$50 phone”, the R1 HD last summer, Blu is back with a new take on its entry-level handset experience. Remember the unlocked one that was sold to Amazon Prime customers for the price of a decent steak dinner? Indeed, the R1 Plus is a slightly refreshed version of the device but with a little more where it counts.. Before diving into the review we should make a distinction. As Blu tells us, customers should not equate the R1 branding with Amazon or Amazon Prime .. While they may be offered through the online retailer, they are not exclusive. Moreover, the company promises more models in the R1 family in due time. With that said, look for this particular phone to hit Amazon as soon as tomorrow, April 29.. This time around we’re looking at a price tag of around $159 without any incentives or Amazon deals.. In other words, about $50 higher than the standard cost of its forebear. As a bonus for early adopters, Blu is selling the R1 Plus at a $50 discount through both Amazon and Best Buy. It’s a 24 hour deal, but you can get it for only $109.99 if you act fast!. As an unlocked handset , the R1 Plus works with either AT&T or T-Mobile’s networks as well as any of their respective MVNO brands. It’s a dual-SIM device which means you can actually pull service from two carriers at once. It’s also a bit of breathing room for when you might travel to another country and need a local SIM card for a short while.. As was the case with its predecessor, the R1 HD, Blu has trimmed things along the edges. You have to do something to keep prices ultra-low, right? Again we find things get started at the box itself; it feels like about half the quality of cardboard material as you’d find in a pricey flagship device. Does it matter in the end? Hardly, but you gotta start somewhere.. Getting into the box we find there are no headphones but there is. This time around we do get a silicon protective case as well as a screen protector. Both are probably worth about $15-$20 in total, but it’s a nice gesture and something most customers look to buy anyhow. You’ll also get a SIM card removal tool and what looks to be a guitar pick. This is the tool you will use to get into your phone to replace the SIM card or insert a microSD card. Whereas the R1 HD might have included hardware that was two years behind the top tier of high-end phones, the R1 Plus closes the gap somewhat. Given the refresh comes less than one year, Blu has done a good job of squeezing better specs into the experience without increasing the price all that much.. First time smartphone users won’t realize it, but these are roughly the same specs that powered key phones from 2015. If you’re moving from an existing, non-flagship device, you might consider this a sidestep.. Those of you who have spent time with a flagship phone or one built with more premium materials, you will feel the difference in quality. It’s not a “cheap” experience, but it doesn’t have anything that comes across as remarkable. The R1 Plus , like its predecessor, errs on the side of inexpensive where it could have easily gone more generic. But, if you are the type who hopes other people take a second glance at your device, this is not the one for you.. The R1 Plus offers up a 5.5-inch display with a. It’s technically HD, though not the same as 1080p and certainly nowhere near the 2K stuff in most higher end phones. This likely matters little in the overall scheme of things for the target demographic and works just fine for text, images, and games.. As often is the case with device like those from Blu and other low-cost unlocked phone makers, it’s only when you compare them to what else is on the market that you see shortcomings and key differences. While they are more than adequate for what they set out to do, there are certainly reasons why another, larger brand can ask for more.. outdoors settings, the R1 Plus works just fine. The 5.5-inch feels little thicker than others available today; the curved back and slightly wider bezels give it just enough to make it feel like a bulkier. The Gorilla Glass 3 carries over from the last model and gives it moderate protection against scuffs, scratches, and minor drops. With Corning now offering a 5th generation of its glass we might have like for Gorilla Glass 4, but, again… costs.. Holding the R1 Plus, one doesn’t immediately feel like they are holding a budget device of $100-$150. Generally speaking, the device is solid, constructed decently enough, and looks to hold up over the long haul.. Like the R1 HD, the phone is housed in a metal cover to protect the battery; a powder coat finish and chamfered decorative stripe give it a nice aesthetic touch. decent grip and the texture doesn’t attract oils or fingerprints. The silver version reminds of darker HTC phones.. As for the configuration of the phone, the volume rocker and power buttons are on the right side of the display. The power button now has some knurling on it to help differentiate it from the volume. feedback and response in line within our expectations.. The headphone jack is found at the top side, toward the left of the phone while the microUSB port. is at the bottom and further to the left.. The rear cover is removable, opening up access to the microSD card slot and dual microSIM card slots. It’s worth noting that the battery is not removable. At 4,000mAh it’s much improved over the R1 Plus and gave us far more than a day’s use. We tend to charge at night out of habit, but we imagine that more basic users could stretch two days out of a full battery.. Speaking of the rear cover, this was one the absolute hardest cases we’ve ever removed from a phone. Were it not for the “guitar pick” plastic piece we could not get into the phone. You’ll start with a small spot on the right side of the display and pull the entire back. It looks much easier than it truly is and we worry about users in the wild who might want to drop in a SIM when traveling. Or, swapping a microSD card out. rear camera with a f/2.2 aperture and a. Both cameras offer up LED flashes to help users capture better shots in lower lighting conditions. On paper they’re right about the middle of the pack, edging toward the low end. In practice, though, we were surprised by the results.. Given the cost of the phone, we were happy with the pictures. And, when you consider that a lot of our photos are viewed on mobile devices or as status updates, it works even better. Even the default settings gave us images that we’d be happy sharing without any post-processing or editing.. HDR pictures took a little bit longer to snap and process than we might have liked, but that could be a result of coming directly from a much pricier phone. We found still life shots to work great, but don’t try to grab an HDR shot of your puppy or Junior’s home run swing. You’ll get blurred results where it counts.. You can see from the embedded gallery that photos generally come out decently enough for casual users. via Snapseed or another tool and you’ll end up with have photos that look great on social media.. To be sure, lower light scenarios will give you grainy results, especially when zoomed in; color could come out a bit over-saturated at times. But, there’s nothing here that alarmed us or gave us pause. It took us about 30 pictures before we realized the limitations of the R1 Plus’s camera. We’ve become fond of doing some tweaking with apps and the pics here can be adjusted to our liking.. As for the camera app itself, there are a number of options for shooting, including panoramic, night, face beauty, sports, and professional. Each works well in their respective intended situations, but the auto is where we suspect you’ll play most often. There’s also a Scene Frame mode which basically puts your photo inside of a setting. Examples include a side rear view mirror of a car, a painter’s canvas, a window.. If there’s one thing we’ve come to appreciate in Blu, it’s that it doesn’t spend time messing with a custom version of Android. Essentially a stock build, this doesn’t come across as having any particular agenda. To us, there’s few things worse in smartphones than a bunch of carrier-branded apps that we rarely use.. The same goes for the R1 Plus.. While this one doesn’t come loaded with a host of random apps, games, or services, it does come with its share of Amazon titles. Our review unit had Amazon, Amazon Kindle, Amazon Music, Audible, Amazon Photos, Amazon Apps & Games, and Amazon Video. Other than that, we have Opera (and Chrome) for web browsing, and a standard video player.. There’s a full suite of Google apps and services present, too. Titles include Drive, Calendar, Gmail, Hangouts, Messenger, Maps, Photos, YouTube, Play Music, Play Movies & TV, and the Play Store.. runs Android 6.0 Marshmallow, which is technically only one version behind what’s available today. Android 7.0 Nougat is offered on most new models and it’s not immediately clear when this phone will see it.. Blu, in its press release for the phone, pledges the 7.0 update.. To us, if you’re looking to snag a phone for $100-$150, you might want to consider it an almost “as is” device. This doesn’t mean you have a burner, or a disposable phone, but you’ll want to know going in that official software support could end. before you’re done with the phone. This isn’t exactly exclusive to Blu, of course, so don’t let that color your impression of this model.. The 6.0 means you’ve got some of the latest in protection from Google, plus all of the recent design principles. It also means you can conceivably run many of the apps and games on the market. Many, but not all; the hardware might place limitations on what you plan to do.. We wager that the target audience doesn’t even know what to expect in terms of software updates, version numbers, etc. First-time buyers and casual users aren’t going to concern themselves with the various releases.. For what it’s worth, we noticed that this had the Android security patch dated from October 5, 2016. That’s a little concerning to us and we hope to see something else pushed before long. Android, as a platform, doesn’t look and function all that different over the last few releases, but security, malware, and other threats could cause problems.. Using the R1 Plus as a daily driver proved somewhat challenging for us only because we’ve been toting around much pricier and more powerful phones. We did hand it off to more casual users, and those who are currently carrying phones that are a good 1-2 years old; they typically had no qualms or problems.. As we see it, 3GB memory is where things start. Sure, there are 2GB models on the market, and likely more to come, but we don’t recommend going that low. Processors have moved pretty quickly over the last few years and Android optimization helps, but there’s no such thing as too much memory.. The R1 Plus handles typical daily tasks without any problems. Be it browsing the web, pounding out emails and messages, social media, or games, the phone hopped in and out of apps with no major stutters.. It’s difficult to take issue with a smartphone that runs $100-$150, especially one that is unlocked and capable of Volte and HD Voice support (T-Mobile users only). And, when you get an unadulterated version of Android, support for two SIM cards, and a two-day battery, it’s even harder.. Blu does a great job of balancing low cost with “cheap” build materials. is a solid “every man” phone for someone who is just getting into smartphones.. Broke your expensive flagship? This one can replace that for the time being.. Need a device that your kids can take to after school events or sleepovers? Mom tired of her old smartphone with the 3.5-inch or 4-inch screen? You get the point.. Blu has become one of our favorite unlocked smartphone makers, particularly because they’re US-based. But, the pressure is on, and there are dozens of companies fighting it out in this space. With some getting more popular in the US, it’s harder than ever to stand out. Does the Blu R1 Plus stand out? Not necessarily. That doesn’t mean there’s anything wrong with it, though.. We understand that going with microUSB was probably cheaper for Blu than opting for the new-emerging standard in the USB Type C. With that said, we expect that anything that arrives in the second half of 2017 should have that as the charging port. And, considering Blu has used it in some of its other models, we feel it’s time to draw the hard line.. Although Android 6.0 supports fingerprint scanners at the platform level, this phone does not have one. It took some getting used to for us as most of what we test or use on a daily basis has one. As we move into Android 0 and perhaps an 8.0 release, it’s time to make this standard, too. Blu employs them in most of their phones. It’s time for the whole industry to adopt it at all levels.. If you’re the type of person who is cost-conscious and/or doesn’t need much from your phone, we have no reservations with recommending Blu. We’d like to see some more current software (security patches, at least), but, as is, it’s worth $150.. You can purchase the R1 Plus through both Amazon and Best Buy starting immediately. As an incentive, you can save $50. At $110 this is one hell of a package.. As a refresh to last year's wallet-friendly "$50 phone", this one pushes things forward in a number of places. It's not the most glamorous device and it's missing a few of today's standards, but you can't beat its price. We're always a fan of stock Android devices with unlocked carrier support; who can hate on saving a few bucks?. TAGS blu BLU R1 Plus r1 plus. Previous article Is your Samsung Galaxy S8 restarting randomly? You’re not the only one. Next article Ulefone Power 2 benchmarks tip performance for budget-friendly handset. Now in our tenth year, AndroidGuys offers daily news, reviews, editorials, and tutorials. Articles listed under this byline are comprised of those written by current and former employees of AndroidGuys as well as guest contributors and sponsors.. UHANS Max 2 review: A mega-phablet that won’t break the bank. Blu Vivo X review: Can you get a flagship experience for under $250?. ASUS, Project Tango, and what could have been (ASUS ZenFone AR Review). Pingback: Portable Bluetooth Speakers – Benefits And Uses | shamepuffin49julio's blog (). Tricks, tips, and tweaks: 10 things every Pixel 2 absolutely must.... The Pixel 2 is one of the best phones you can buy today. Not just for the hardware, but because of the incredible amount of power in Android 8.0 Oreo. Let us help you customize the experience to your exact liking!. Sony Xperia XZ2 and Xperia XZ2 Compact go live with new.... Sony launches a new pair of flagships with refined design, 18:9 aspect ratio and the powerful Snapdragon 845 processor under the hood.. LG V30S ThinQ arrives with an AI-powered camera, more RAM and.... Alcatel 3 Series will be offered in three variants. Tricks, tips, and tweaks: 10 things every Pixel 2 absolutely must know. Five Android Oreo features you can install on any Android phone. Follow us on Instagram @androidguys. Stop missing deadlines and grab a lifetime license of Aeon Timeline.... Isn't it time you start acting responsibly? Pick up a lifetime license to Aeon Timeline 2 and you'll be better organized and ready to hit deadlines and goals in a timely manner. Save 60% through our store today!. Charge up your phone with a sophisticated looking marble wireless Qi.... Seven astrology apps for those who want to know what fate.... Pay as little as you want to learn Python with our.... Pick up a lifetime 2TB Zoolz cloud storage plan for $50. Tricks, tips, and tweaks: 10 things every Pixel 2 absolutely must know. Five Android Oreo features you can install on any Android phone. Five ways to beef up your Instagram privacy. Now in our tenth year, AndroidGuys loves to provide readers with the latest news and rumors as well as reviews, opinion pieces, and tools to get more from your Android.. 
The next video is starting stop. Want to watch this again later?. Sign in to add this video to a playlist.. Sign in to report inappropriate content.. Sign in to make your opinion count.. Sign in to make your opinion count.. Rating is available when the video has been rented.. This feature is not available right now. DEVICE CHARACTERISTICS SPECIFICATION DEVICE REVIEW NEW SMARTPHONES NOTEBOOK TABLETS UNBOXING UNPACKING Apple Samsung Sony LG Microsoft Blackberry HTC Motorola Nokia Xiaomi Meizu Huawei ZTE LeEco OnePlus Axon ZTE ECOO Elephone HomTom Doogee Honor Huawei IUNI Gionee Meilan (Meizu) Nubia ZTE Trunk Elephone Vivo Oppo BBK Wileyfox Fly YU Micromax Zuk Lenovo ASUS Alcatel Elephone Jiayu Lenovo Micromax Smartisan UMI ZOPO Doogee InFocus Oukitel TCL THL Vernee 3Q 4Good Assistant bb-Mobile BQ Dexp DNS Digma Ergo Explay Fly Globus GPS Highscreen Iconbit iRu Keneksi KREZ Lexand NOMI Oysters Pixus Prestigio ASBIS QUMO Ritmix Ross and Moor Senseit Stark Tesla, RoverPad Texet Vertex Wexler xDevice Zifro Yotaphone SIM Card Support Network Band GSM 2G Bands GSM 3G Bands GSM 4G Bands Operating System OS Version Chipset CPU GPU Memory Internal Memory RAM Size Memory Card Slot Memory Support Body & Design Screen & Display Display Type Screen Protection Display Pixel density range Screen Resolution Display Size Camera & Features Primary Camera Camera Flash LED Front Camera Front Camera Flash Geo-Tagging Hd Video-Recording 3G or Video Call Camera Zoom TV Output Video Quality Panorama Camera Features Data Connectivity & Internet GPRS EDGE Data Speed WiFi Support WiFi Direct Hot Spot Bluetooth Support USB-Support USB OTG Support NFC Battery & Power Usage Battery Model Quick Charge Wireless Charge Stand-by Time Talk Time Music Playback Video Playback. Comments are disabled for this video.. When autoplay is enabled, a suggested video will automatically play next.. Blu R2 Plus - 48 Hr. Impressions - Available for $130 for a limited time!. BLU R2 LTE (16 + 2GB) | Unboxing & First Impressions. BLU R2: Best Budget Smart Phone?. The Super Smartphone You've Never Heard Of.... BLU R2 LTE Unboxing | Especificaciones. The Android Phone Everyone Should Buy! - BLU VIVO 5. BLU R2 LTE Speed Test: Which Is Faster?. The MOST Underrated Android Phone // BLU Pure XR. BLU launches R2 smartphone lineup with bigger screen and battery. The BLU R2 & R2 LTE:Specs. BLU Life Max Unboxing and First Impressions. BLU R2 - 4G LTE Review Unlocked Smartphone - 16GB + 2GB RAM -Black. Say Goodbye to the BLU R2 LTE.... Sign in to add this to Watch Later. 
Find the Best Cell Phone and Plan for You. PhoneDog's innovative comparison tool can help you save on cell phones and plans. Find the best phone and plan for you today with PhoneDog!. Compare Phones and Plans Compare Cell Phones. Trending: iPhone 8. f g+ t yt. The BLU R2 Plus doesn't excel in any one particular area like some of BLU's other devices. Instead, it offers all-around competitive specifications for the price.. Some of the R2 Plus's specs include a 5.5-inch FHD display, MediaTek octa-core processor with 3GB of RAM, 13-megapixel rear and 13-megapixel front cameras, 3,000mAh battery, fingerprint scanner, and Android 7.0 Nougat. How do you like BLU's newest smartphone?. (Note: There's a limited time launch deal of $50 off, bringing the price down to $129.99.). Videos Android Review BLU R2 Plus BLU. Previous Article Why AirPods are still the best. Next Article Razer Phone Review: Two Months Later. Don't forget to VOTE! Each week, PhoneDog Fans vote for their #1 smartphone in the Official Smartphone Rankings. Vote now and contribute to the industry's most relevant weekly ranking charts.. Why AirPods are still the best Top 10 iOS Apps of January 2018! Google Home Max Unboxing Top 10 Android Apps of January 2018!. Select the amount of total data you need for the entire plan.. For example, if you need 2 lines with 1 GB of data each, you would select 2 GB of data with the data slider below.. - Any - 0 5KB 50MB 30MB 100MB 125MB 150MB 200MB 250MB 300MB 334MB 350MB 375MB 400MB 500MB 600MB 625MB 700MB 800MB 834MB 900MB 938MB 1GB 1.2GB 1.5GB 1.6GB 2GB 2.03GB 2.5GB 3GB 3.7GB 4GB 5GB 6GB 6.1GB 7GB 7.3GB 8GB 8.5GB 9GB 10GB 11GB 12GB 13GB 14GB 15GB 16GB 18GB 20GB 22GB 23GB 24GB 25GB 30GB 32GB 35GB 40GB 50GB 60GB 80GB 85GB 100GB 120GB 150GB 200GB Unlimited. BLU Vivo X Review: BLU's Most Appealing Smartphone Yet!. 4 days 16 hours ago. Android 8.0 Oreo on the OnePlus 5T. 5 days 14 hours ago. 1 week 13 hours ago. The OnePlus 5T Competitor You Haven't Heard About. 1 week 3 days ago. People's Choice Expert's Choice. OFFICIAL SMARTPHONE RANKINGS Please Login/Register to Vote. OFFICIAL SMARTPHONE RANKINGS Please Login/Register to Vote. OFFICIAL SMARTPHONE RANKINGS Please Login/Register to Vote. OFFICIAL SMARTPHONE RANKINGS Please Login/Register to Vote. OFFICIAL SMARTPHONE RANKINGS Please Login/Register to Vote. BLU S1 Review: BLU's First CDMA Smartphone!. This Week's "People's Choice Rankings" Best Smartphone. OFFICIAL SMARTPHONE RANKINGS Please Login/Register to Vote. OFFICIAL SMARTPHONE RANKINGS Please Login/Register to Vote. OFFICIAL SMARTPHONE RANKINGS Please Login/Register to Vote. OFFICIAL SMARTPHONE RANKINGS Please Login/Register to Vote. OFFICIAL SMARTPHONE RANKINGS Please Login/Register to Vote. Recent news from our top carriers:. Samsung Galaxy S9 and S9+ pricing. T-Mobile wins awards for 4G LTE. Samsung Galaxy S9 and S9+ pricing. Sprint says its 5G network will. T-Mobile wins awards for 4G LTE. Samsung Galaxy S9 and S9+ pricing. T-Mobile wins awards for 4G LTE. Samsung Galaxy S9 and S9+ pricing. Google Pixel 2 XL gets $400. Verizon Galaxy Note 8 gets $200. PHONEDOG PHONEDOG MEDIA FAMILY Phonedog - Cell Phone News TmoNews - The Unofficial T-Mobile Blog AndroidAndMe - Everything Android. PhoneDog Media is home to PhoneDog, Android & Me, TmoNews, and TodaysiPhone. The network receives 2.5 million unique visitors and 10 million pageviews each month, along with a combined three million video views on YouTube.. While the name is jovial, the PhoneDog Media network offers up a wealth of written and video content to help readers make important decisions about mobile technology.. Established in 2001, PhoneDog Media is a privately owned and operated company.. Company Home Privacy Policy Term of Use Contact About Us Sitemap In-Depth Reviews. Reproduction without explicit permission is prohibited. 
Home All Brands Top 10 Mobile Phones Latest News Latest Mobiles Phones Upcoming Mobiles Phones Model Finder Technology Blog. BLU R2 Plus (Full Device Specifications) Also Known as BLU R2+.. » Specifications » 360° View » Pictures » Photo Quality. BLU R2 Plus Officially Announced :. Black , Gold Price : --- 10 out of 10. : ( 72 Ratings). BLU R2 Plus Release November 2017, weight 167g, 5.5” IPS LCD Capacitive TouchScreen , 13 MP Camera, Bluetooth 4.0,Wi-Fi Price in February 2018. GSM 850 , GSM 900 , GSM 1800 , GSM 1900 GSM 3G Bands :. HSDPA 850 , HSDPA 900 , HSDPA 1700 , HSDPA 1900 , HSDPA 2100 GSM 4G Bands :. LTE 700 , LTE 2100 , LTE 1800 , LTE 2600 , LTE 1700 , LTE 1900 Operating System :. Octa Core Processor Processor Speed :. 3 GB Memory Card Slot :. 155 x 77 x 10 mm , Exactly 155.7 x 77 x 9.2 mm Slim/Thin :. 9 mm , (9.2 mm Thick) Weight :. Accelerometer , Ambient Light , Proximity Sensor , Fingerprint Dedicated Keys :. Volume , Power , Fingerprint Key Device Security :. Device Password Lock , Device Pattern Lock , Slide Lock , PIN code Lock , Fingerprint Unlock. IPS LCD Capacitive TouchScreen Screen Protection :. Scratch Resistant , 2.5D Curved Glass Display Colors :. 16M Colors Pixel density range :. 400 to 500 ppi , (~401 ppi Pixel Density) Screen Resolution :. 1080 x 1920 pixels (Full HD) Display Size :. 5.5 Inch Screen To Body Ratio :. 61 to 70 Percent , (~69.5% screen-to-body-ratio) Multi Touch Support :. Yes Ringtone or Alert Type :. Vibration , MP3 ringtones , WAV. 13 MP , 4128 x 3096 Pixels Camera Flash LED :. Dual-LED Flash , (Dual Color Flash) Front Camera :. 13 MP , (F2.0 Aperture) Front Camera Flash :. With Dual LED Flash , (Dual Color Flash) Geo-Tagging :. With 1080p 3G or Video Call :. With Wireless Connection Video Quality :. Autofocus , Touch focus , Face Detection , Smile detection , HDR , Face Beauty , Voice Capture , Gesture Shot , Low Light Mode , F2.0 Aperture. WAV , AAC , AMR , MP3 , WMA , MIDI , FLAC , OGG Video Format :. 3GP , H.264 , MKV , DivX , AVI , xVID , WMV , FLV , MP4 , H.263 3.5mm Headphone Jack :. LTE 50 Mbps , HSPA plus , LTE CAT4 150 Mbps DL Browser Name :. Google Chrome Browser WiFi Support :. Wi-Fi 802.11 b/g/n , WiFi Direct Hot Spot :. microUSB 2.0 NFC (Near Field Communication) :. Calculator , Notes , To-do list , Blu Help, Google Apps, VAS Apps. SMS , MMS , Email , Push Mail , IM , Hangouts GPS Tracking :. Li-Po 3000 mAh Quick Charge :. 270 Hrs , (Unofficial) Talk Time :. 12 Hrs , (Unofficial) Music Playback :. Up to 25 Hrs Video Playback :. Dual Sim(Dual Standby) Aluminum Metal Body Design Sandstone Pattern Finish Back Compatible With Carrier Networks Split Screen Social Networking Services & Apps Rounded Edges. BLU R2 Plus Handset Battery 3000 mAh Charger Micro USB Data Cable Quick User Guide Screen Protector Protective Case. » Full Specifications » User Opinions & Review » Compare » Pictures » 360° View » Related Phones » Review » Related News » User Manual » Photo Quality » Video Quality Tweet Popularity and Rating Rate this Mobile Phone Design. 0 1 2 3 4 5 Features. 0 1 2 3 4 5 Performance. 0 1 2 3 4 5. Categories » 4G VoLTE Mobiles » Apple iOS Mobiles » Android 4G » Dual Camera Phone » Dual Sim Mobiles » Android Smartphone » Dual OS Smartphone » Android Dual Sim » Android One » Android CDMA » Tablet » Android Tablet » Windows 4G » Windows Mobiles » Windows Tablet » Smartphone » CDMA Phone » GSM & CDMA Phone » Dual OS Tablets » Dual SIM Qwerty » Ubuntu Tablet » Ubuntu Mobiles » Basic Dual Sim » Basic Phone » Qwerty Phones » Touch & Type » Triple Sim Mobile » Slide phones » Android Camera Top Brands » Samsung » Apple » Nokia » Google » Lenovo » Motorola » BlackBerry » Huawei » HTC » Alcatel » OnePlus » LG » Asus » Xiaomi » ZTE » Micromax » Oppo » Karbonn » Vivo » Acer » Intex » BLU » Gionee » Vodafone » Lava » All Brands. LG V30S+ ThinQ LG V30S ThinQ ZTE Blade V9 Vita Nokia 7 Plus Nokia 8 Sirocco Nokia 1 Samsung Galaxy S9+ SM-G965 Samsung Galaxy S9 SM-G960. LG V30S+ ThinQ LG V30S ThinQ ZTE Blade V9 Vita Nokia 7 Plus. BLU R2 Plus Announced February 2018, weight 158g, 6” OLED Capacitive Touch Screen, 16 MP Camera, Bluetooth 5.0,Wi-Fi Price in February 2018 View Full Specifications | Unboxing Pictures | Manual Download | 360 View. BLU R2 Plus Announced February 2018, weight 158g, 6” OLED Capacitive Touch Screen, 16 MP Camera, Bluetooth 5.0,Wi-Fi Price in February 2018 View Full Specifications | Unboxing Pictures | Manual Download | 360 View. BLU R2 Plus Announced February 2018, weight 145g, 5.45” IPS LCD Capacitive TouchScreen, 13 MP Camera, Bluetooth 4.1,Wi-Fi Price in February 2018 View Full Specifications | Unboxing Pictures | Manual Download | 360 View. BLU R2 Plus Announced February 2018, weight 155g, 6” IPS LCD Capacitive TouchScreen, 12 MP Camera, Bluetooth 5.0,Wi-Fi Price in February 2018 View Full Specifications | Unboxing Pictures | Manual Download | 360 View. Home | Privacy Policy. 
Home › BLU › R2 Plus BLU R2 Plus - Specifications. Most recent comparisons including BLU R2 Plus List of the latest comparisons made by the website visitors, which include BLU R2 Plus Last viewed devices List of mobile devices, whose specifications have been recently viewed.. Width Height Thickness Weight Write a review. Specifications Display Camera CPU Battery SAR Prices 2. Dimensions : 77 x 155.7 x 9.2 mm Weight : 167 g SoC : MediaTek MT6753 CPU : ARM Cortex-A53, 1300 MHz, Cores : 8 GPU : ARM Mali-T720 MP3, 450 MHz, Cores : 3 RAM : 3 GB, 666 MHz Storage : 32 GB Memory cards : microSD, microSDHC, microSDXC Display : 5.5 in, IPS, 1080 x 1920 pixels, 24 bit Battery : 3000 mAh, Li-Polymer OS : Android 7.0 Nougat Camera : 4160 x 3120 pixels, 1920 x 1080 pixels, 30 fps SIM card : Micro-SIM Wi-Fi : a, b, g, n, Wi-Fi Hotspot USB : 2.0, Micro USB Bluetooth : 4.0 Positioning : GPS, A-GPS. Brand and model Information about the brand, model and model alias (if any) of a specific device. Brand BLU Model R2 Plus Model alias R2Plus R2+ R0190WW Design Information about the dimensions and weight of the device, shown in different measurement units. Width 77 mm (millimeters) 7.7 cm (centimeters) 0.25 ft (feet) 3.03 in (inches) Height 155.7 mm (millimeters) 15.57 cm (centimeters) 0.51 ft (feet) 6.13 in (inches) Thickness 9.2 mm (millimeters) 0.92 cm (centimeters) 0.03 ft (feet) 0.36 in (inches) Weight 167 g (grams) 0.37 lbs (pounds) 5.89 oz (ounces) Volume 110.3 cm³ (cubic centimeters) 6.7 in³ (cubic inches) Colors Black Gold Body materials Plastic Aluminium alloy SIM card The Subscriber Identity Module (SIM) is used in mobile devices for storing data authenticating the subscribers of mobile services. SIM card type Micro-SIM (3FF - third form factor, since 2003, 15.00 x 12.00 x 0.76 mm) Number of SIM cards 2 Features Dual SIM stand-by (Both cards are active. When one is busy, the other is not active) Networks A mobile (cellular) network is a radio system, which allows a large number of mobile devices to communicate with each other. GSM GSM 850 MHz GSM 900 MHz GSM 1800 MHz GSM 1900 MHz UMTS UMTS 850 MHz UMTS 900 MHz UMTS 1700/2100 MHz UMTS 1900 MHz UMTS 2100 MHz LTE LTE 700 MHz Class 17 LTE 1700/2100 MHz LTE 1800 MHz LTE 1900 MHz LTE 2100 MHz LTE 2600 MHz LTE 700 MHz (B12) LTE 700 MHz (B28) Mobile network technologies and bandwidth Communication between devices within mobile networks is realized via various generations of network technologies, which provide different bandwidth. Mobile network technologies UMTS (384 kbit/s ) EDGE GPRS HSPA+ LTE Cat 4 (51.0 Mbit/s , 150.8 Mbit/s ) Operating system Operating system is the system software, which manages and controls the functioning of the hardware components of the device. Operating system (OS) Android 7.0 Nougat System on Chip (SoC) A system on a chip (SoC) includes into a single chip some of the main hardware components of the mobile device. SoC MediaTek MT6753 Process technology 28 nm (nanometers) CPU ARM Cortex-A53 CPU bits 64 bit Instruction set ARMv8-A Level 1 cache memory (L1) 32 KB + 32 KB (kilobytes) Level 2 cache memory (L2) 512 KB (kilobytes) 0.5 MB (megabytes) CPU cores 8 CPU frequency 1300 MHz (megahertz) GPU ARM Mali-T720 MP3 GPU cores 3 GPU frequency 450 MHz (megahertz) RAM capacity 3 GB (gigabytes) RAM type LPDDR3 RAM channels Single channel RAM frequency 666 MHz (megahertz) Storage Every mobile device has a built-in storage (internal memory) with a fixed capacity. Storage 32 GB (gigabytes) Memory cards Memory cards are used in mobile devices for expanding their external storage capacity. Types microSD microSDHC microSDXC Display The display of a mobile device is characterized by its technology, resolution, pixel density, diagonal length, color depth, etc. Type/technology IPS Diagonal size 5.5 in (inches) 139.7 mm (millimeters) 13.97 cm (centimeters) Width 2.7 in (inches) 68.49 mm (millimeters) 6.85 cm (centimeters) Height 4.79 in (inches) 121.76 mm (millimeters) 12.18 cm (centimeters) Aspect ratio 1.778:1 16:9 Resolution 1080 x 1920 pixels Pixel density 401 ppi (pixels per inch) 157 ppcm (pixels per centimeter) Color depth 24 bit 16777216 colors Display area 69.78 % (percent) Other features Capacitive Multi-touch Scratch resistant 2.5D curved glass screen Sensors Different sensors measure different physical quantities and convert them into signals recognizable by the mobile device. Sensors Proximity Light Accelerometer Fingerprint Primary camera The primary camera of the mobile device is usually placed at its back and is used for taking photos and recording videos. Sensor type CMOS (complementary metal-oxide semiconductor) Aperture f/2.0 Flash type Dual LED Image resolution 4160 x 3120 pixels 12.98 MP (megapixels) Video resolution 1920 x 1080 pixels 2.07 MP (megapixels) Video FPS 30 fps (frames per second) Features Autofocus Continuous shooting Digital zoom Geotagging Panorama HDR Touch focus Face detection White balance settings ISO settings Exposure compensation Self-timer Scene mode Phase detection 5-element lens Secondary camera Secondary cameras are placed above the screen of the device and are usually used for video calls, gesture recognition, etc. Sensor type CMOS (complementary metal-oxide semiconductor) Aperture f/2.0 Flash type Dual LED Image resolution 4160 x 3120 pixels 12.98 MP (megapixels) Video resolution 1920 x 1080 pixels 2.07 MP (megapixels) Video FPS 30 fps (frames per second) Audio Information about the type of speakers and the audio technologies supported by the device. Speaker Loudspeaker Earpiece Radio The radio in a mobile device is a built-in FM radio receiver. Radio Yes Tracking/Positioning Information about the positioning and navigation technologies supported by the device. Tracking/Positioning GPS A-GPS Wi-Fi Wi-Fi is a technology that provides wireless data connections between various devices within a short range. Wi-Fi 802.11a (IEEE 802.11a-1999) 802.11b (IEEE 802.11b-1999) 802.11g (IEEE 802.11g-2003) 802.11n (IEEE 802.11n-2009) Wi-Fi Hotspot Bluetooth Bluetooth is a standard for secure wireless data transfer between different types of devices over short distances. Version 4.0 Features A2DP (Advanced Audio Distribution Profile) USB The Universal Serial Bus (USB) is an industry standard that allows different electronic devices to exchange data. Connector type Micro USB Version 2.0 Features Charging Mass storage Headphone jack The headphone jack is an audio phone connector, a.k.a. The most widely used one in mobile devices is the 3.5 mm headphone jack. Headphone jack Yes Connectivity Information about other important connectivity technologies supported by the devices. Connectivity Computer sync OTA sync Tethering Browser A web browser is a software application for accessing, fetching, displaying and navigating through information on the World Wide Web. Browser HTML HTML5 CSS 3 Audio file formats/codecs Mobile devices support various audio file formats and codecs, which respectively store and code/decode digital audio data. Audio file formats/codecs AAC (Advanced Audio Coding) AMR / AMR-NB / GSM-AMR (Adaptive Multi-Rate, .amr, .3ga) AMR-WB (Adaptive Multi-Rate Wideband, .awb) eAAC+ / aacPlus v2 / HE-AAC v2 FLAC (Free Lossless Audio Codec, .flac) MIDI MP3 (MPEG-2 Audio Layer II, .mp3) OGG (.ogg, .ogv, .oga, .ogx, .spx, .opus) WMA (Windows Media Audio, .wma) WAV (Waveform Audio File Format, .wav, .wave) Video file formats/codecs Mobile devices support various video file formats and codecs, which respectively store and code/decode digital video data. Video file formats/codecs 3GPP (3rd Generation Partnership Project, .3gp) AVI (Audio Video Interleaved, .avi) MP4 (MPEG-4 Part 14, .mp4, .m4a, .m4p, .m4b, .m4r, .m4v) Xvid Battery The batteries of mobile devices differ in capacity and technology. They provide the electrical charge needed for the functioning of the devices. Capacity 3000 mAh (milliampere-hours) Type Li-Polymer 2G stand-by time 600 h (hours) 36000 min (minutes) 25 days 3G stand-by time 600 h (hours) 36000 min (minutes) 25 days Charger output power 5 V (volts) / 1.5 A (amps) Features Non-removable Specific Absorption Rate (SAR) The SAR rating shows the amount of electromagnetic radiation absorbed by the human body when using a mobile device, expressed in W/kg. Head SAR (USA) 0.84 W/kg (watts per kilogram) Body SAR (USA) 1.03 W/kg (watts per kilogram). Brand name of the company that manufactures the device.. Аlternative names, under which the model is known.. the horizontal side of the device when it is used in its standard orientation.. the vertical side of the device when it is used in its standard orientation.. Information about the thickness/depth of the device in different measurement units.. Information about the weight of the device in different measurement units.. Estimated volume of the device, calculated from the dimensions provided by the manufacturer. Applies for devices in the form of a rectangular parallelepiped.. Information about the colors, in which the device is available in the market.. Materials used in the fabrication of the device's body.. Information about the type and size (form factor) of the SIM card used in the device.. Information about the number of SIM cards, supported by the device.. Information about some specific features related to the SIM card(s) of the device.. GSM (Global System for Mobile Communications) was developed to replace the analog cellular network (1G), therefore it is referred to as a 2G mobile network. It has been improved with the addition of General Packet Radio Services (GPRS) and later via the Enhanced Data rates for GSM Evolution (EDGE) technology.. UMTS stands for Universal Mobile Telecommunications System. Based on the GSM standard, it is deemed as a 3G mobile network standard. It has been developed by the 3GPP and its major advantage is the provision of greater bandwidth and spectral efficiency, due to the W-CDMA technology.. LTE is deemed to be the fourth generation (4G) of mobile communications technology. It has been developed by the 3GPP based on the GSM/EDGE and UMTS/HSPA technologies in order to increase the speed and capacity of wireless data networks. A further development of the technology is called LTE Advanced.. There are several network technologies that enhance the performance of mobile networks mainly by increased data bandwidth. Information about the communication technologies supported by the device and their respective uplink and downlink bandwidth.. Information about the operating system used by the device as well as its version.. The SoC integrates different hardware components such as the CPU, GPU, memory, peripherals, interfaces, etc., as well as software for their functioning.. Information about the process technology used in manufacturing the chip. The value in nanometers represents half the distance between elements that make up the CPU.. CPU is the Central Processing Unit or the processor of a mobile device. Its main function is to interpret and execute instructions contained in software applications.. The CPU bits are determined by the bit-size of the processor registers, address buses and data buses. 64-bit CPUs provide better performance than 32-bit ones, which on their part perform better than 16-bit processors.. The instruction set architecture (ISA) is a set of commands used by the software to manage the CPU's work. Information about the set of instructions the processor can execute.. The cache memory is used by the processor in order to shorten the time needed to access data and instructions that a frequently used. The L1 (level 1) cache memory has a small volume, but operates faster than the RAM and the rest cache memory levels. If the processor does not find the data needed in L1, it continues to look for it in the L2 cache memory. In some processors the search in L1 and L2 is simultaneous.. The L2 (level 2) cache memory is slower than L1, but has a larger capacity, instead, which allows it to cache more data. Just like L1, it is much faster than the system memory (RAM). If the CPU does not find the data needed in L2, it proceeds to look for them in the L3 cache memory (if there is such) or in the RAM.. A CPU core is the processor unit, which executes software instructions. Presently, besides single-core processors, there are dual-core, quad-core, hexa-core and so on multi-core processors. They increase the performance of the device allowing the execution of multiple instructions in parallel.. The frequency of the processor describes its clock rate in cycles per second. It is measured in Megahertz (MHz) or Gigahertz (GHz).. GPU is a graphical processing unit, which handles computation for 2D/3D graphics applications. In mobile devices GPU is usually utilized by games, UI, video playback, etc. GPU can also perform computation in applications traditionally handled by the CPU.. Similar to the CPU, the GPU consists of processing units called cores. They handle the computation of graphics in various applications.. The frequency is the clock rate of the graphic processor (GPU), which is measured in Megahertz (MHz) or Gigahertz (GHz).. RAM (Random-Access Memory) is used by the operating system and all installed applications. Data in the RAM is lost after the device is turned off or restarted.. Information about the type of RAM used by the device.. Information about the number of RAM channels integrated in the SoC. More channels mean higher data transfer rates.. RAM frequency relates directly to the rate of reading/writing from/in the RAM memory.. Information about the capacity of the built-in storage of the device. Sometimes one and the same model may is offered in variants with different internal storage capacity.. The various types of memory cards are characterized by different sizes and capacity. Information about the supported types of memory cards.. One of the main characteristics of the display is its type/technology, on which depends its performance.. In mobile devices display size is represented by the length of its diagonal measured in inches.. The ratio between the long and the short side of the display. The display resolution shows the number of pixels on the horizontal and vertical side of the screen. The higher the resolution is, the greater the detail of the displayed content.. Information about the number of pixels per centimeter (ppcm) or per inch (ppi) of the display. The higher the pixel density, the more detailed and clearer is the information displayed on the screen.. The color depth of the display is also known as bit depth. It shows the number of bits used for the color components of one pixel. Information about the maximum number of colors the screen can display.. The estimated percentage of the screen area from the device's front area.. Information about other functions and features of the display.. Sensors vary in type and purpose. They increase the overall functionality of the device, in which they are integrated.. Digital cameras use image sensors for taking photos. The sensor characteristics are some of the main factors determining the quality of the camera integrated in the mobile device.. Aperture (f-stop number) indicates the size of the lens diaphragm opening, which controls the amount of light reaching the image sensor. The lower the f-stop number, the larger the diaphragm opening is.. Cameras of mobile devices use mainly a LED or a Xenon flash. The LED flash has a softer burst of light and in contrast to the much brighter Xenon flash, is used for recording videos as well.. One of the main characteristics of the cameras of mobile devices is their resolution, which shows the number of pixels on the horizontal and vertical dimensions of the image.. Information about the maximum resolution available for shooting a video with the device.. Information about the maximum number of frames per second (fps), supported by the device while recording a video at maximum resolution. Some of the main standard frame rates for recording and playing video are 24p, 25p, 30p, 60p.. Information about additional software and hardware features of the privamery camera, which improve its overall performance.. Digital cameras use image sensors for taking photos. The sensor characteristics are some of the main factors determining the quality of the camera integrated in the mobile device.. Aperture (f-stop number) indicates the size of the lens diaphragm opening, which controls the amount of light reaching the image sensor. The lower the f-stop number, the larger the diaphragm opening is.. Cameras of mobile devices use mainly a LED or a Xenon flash. The LED flash has a softer burst of light and in contrast to the much brighter Xenon flash, is used for recording videos as well.. Information about the maximum image resolution of the secondary camera. Often, the resolution of the secondary camera is lower than the one of the primary camera.. Information about the maximum resolution available for shooting a video by the secondary camera.. Information about the maximum number of frames per second (fps), supported by the secondary camera while recording a video at maximum resolution.. The loudspeaker is a device, which reproduces various sounds such as ring tones, alarms, music, voice calls, etc. Information about the type of speakers the device uses.. Information whether the device has an FM radio receiver or not.. The tracking/positioning service is provided by various satellite navigation systems, which track the autonomous geo-spatial positioning of the device that supports them. The most common satellite navigation systems are the GPS and the GLONASS. There are also non-satellite technologies for locating mobile devices such as the Enhanced Observed Time Difference, Enhanced 911, GSM Cell ID.. Wi-Fi communication between devices is realized via the IEEE 802.11 standards. Some devices have the possibility to serve as Wi-Fi Hotspots by providing internet access for other nearby devices. Wi-Fi Direct (Wi-Fi P2P) is another useful standard that allows devices to communicate with each other without the need for wireless access point (WAP).. The technology has several versions, which improve the connection speed, range, connectivity and discoverability of the devices. Information about the Bluetooth version of the device.. Bluetooth uses various profiles and protocols related to faster exchange of data, energy saving, better device discoverability, etc. Some of those supported by the device are listed here.. There are several USB connector types: the Standard one, the Mini and Micro connectors, On-The-Go connectors, etc. Type of the USB connector used by the device.. There are several versions of the Universal Serial Bus (USB) standard: USB 1.0 (1996), the USB 2.0 (2000), the USB 3.0 (2008), etc. With each following version the rate of data transfer is increased.. Тhe USB interface in mobile devices may be used for different purposes such as battery charging, using the device as a mass storage, host, etc.. Information whether the device is equipped with a 3.5 mm audio jack.. Information about some of the most widely used connectivity technologies supported by the device.. Information about some of the features and standards supported by the browser of the device.. List of some of the most common audio file formats and codecs supported standardly by the device.. List of some of the most common video file formats and codecs supported standardly by the device.. The capacity of a battery shows the maximum charge, which it can store, measured in mili-Ampere hours.. The battery type is determined by its structure and more specifically, by the chemicals used in it. There are different battery types and some of the most commonly used in mobile devices are the lithium-ion (Li-Ion) and the lithium-ion polymer battery (Li-Polymer).. 2G stand-by time is the longest time a battery charge will last, if the device is not used but is constantly connected to the 2G cellular network.. 3G stand-by time is the longest time a battery charge will last, if the device is not used but is constantly connected to the 3G mobile network.. Information about the electric current (amperes) and voltage (volts) the charger outputs. The higher power output allows faster charging.. Information about some additional features of the device's battery.. This SAR rating shows the maximum level of exposure to electromagnetic radiation taken when the device is placed next to the ear. The applicable limit for the US is 1.6 W/kg per 1 g of tissue. In the US the FCC tests and sets the SAR limits for all mobile devices, which are controlled by the CTIA.. The SAR body rating shows the maximum level of exposure to electromagnetic radiation when the device is positioned against the body at the hip. The highest SAR value of mobile devices allowed in the US is set to 1.6 W/kg per 1 g of tissue. It is specified by the FCC and the CTIA follows whether the mobile devices comply with this standard.. Provide information about, which of the published data you want to be edited as well as a reliable source, which confirms the accuracy of the information you suggest *. Enter the characters from the image: *. Microsoft Lumia 950 XL Dual SIM. Dimensions : 77 x 155.7 x 9.2 mm Weight : 167 g SoC : MediaTek MT6753 CPU : ARM Cortex-A53, 1300 MHz, Cores : 8 GPU : ARM Mali-T720 MP3, 450 MHz RAM : 3 GB, 666 MHz Storage : 32 GB Display : 5.5 in, IPS, 1080 x 1920 pixels, 24 bit Battery : 3000 mAh, Li-Polymer OS : Android 7.0 Nougat Camera : 4160 x 3120 pixels, 1920 x 1080 pixels, 30 fps. The information on this website is provided on "as is, as available basis" without warranty of any kind. DeviceSpecifications is not responsible for any omissions, inaccuracies or other errors in the information it publishes. All warranties with respect to this information are disclaimed. Reproduction of any part of this website in its entirety or partially or in any form or medium without prior written permission is prohibited. The trademarks, marques and logos of the manufacturers of devices, software, hardware, etc. are the property of their respective owners.. 
Mobiles Tablets Wearables Applications Games Themes Wallpapers Videos. BLU R2 Plus vs BLU R2. BLU R2 Plus vs BLU R2. Body Form Factor Candybar, Touchscreen Candybar, Touchscreen Dimensions 155.7 x 77 x 9.2 mm (6.13 x 3.03 x 0.36 in) 150.3 x 74.3 x 9.6 mm (5.92 x 2.93 x 0.38 in) Weight 167 g (5.89 oz) 156 g (5.50 oz) Colors Black, Gold Black, Gold, Rose Gold, Silver SIM Dual SIM (Micro-SIM) Dual SIM (Micro-SIM) Display Type IPS LCD capacitive touchscreen, 16M colors IPS LCD capacitive touchscreen, 16M colors Size 1080 x 1920 pixels, 16:9 ratio (~401 ppi density) 5.5 inches, 83.4 cm 2 (~69.6% screen-to-body ratio) 720 x 1280 pixels, 16:9 ratio (~282 ppi density) 5.2 inches, 74.5 cm 2 (~66.8% screen-to-body ratio) Multitouch Yes Yes Network 2G Network GSM 850 / 900 / 1800 / 1900 SIM 1 & SIM 2 GSM 850 / 900 / 1800 / 1900 SIM 1 & SIM 2 3G Network HSDPA 850 / 900 / 1700(AWS) / 1900 / 2100 HSDPA 850 / 900 / 1700(AWS) / 1900 / 2100 4G Network LTE band 1(2100), 2(1900), 3(1800), 4(1700/2100), 7(2600), 12(700), 17(700), 28(700). Notifications Alert Types Vibration, MP3, WAV ringtones Vibration, MP3, WAV ringtones Speaker Phone Yes Yes Memory Internal 32 GB ROM, 3 GB RAM 8 GB ROM, 1 GB RAM Card Slot microSD, up to 64 GB microSD, up to 64 GB Connectivity GPRS Yes Yes EDGE Yes Yes Speed HSPA 42.2/11.5 Mbps, LTE Cat4 150/50 Mbps HSPA 21.1/5.76 Mbps WLAN Wi-Fi 802.11 b/g/n, hotspot Wi-Fi 802.11 b/g/n, hotspot Bluetooth 4.0, A2DP 4.0, A2DP USB microUSB 2.0 microUSB 2.0 GPS Yes, with A-GPS Yes, with A-GPS. Camera Primary 13 MP (f/2.0, 1/3", 1.12 µm), phase detection autofocus, dual-LED dual-tone flash 8 MP, dual-LED dual-tone flash Camera Features Geo-tagging, touch focus, face detection, HDR Geo-tagging, touch focus, face detection Video 1080p@30fps 1080p@30fps Secondary 13 MP, dual-LED dual-tone flash 8 MP, dual-LED dual-tone flash Multimedia Audio Format Support MP3/eAAC+/WAV/Flac MP3/eAAC+/WAV/Flac Video Format Support MP4/H.264 MP4/H.264 Radio FM radio FM radio Software Operating System (OS) Android OS, v7.0 (Nougat) Android OS, v7.0 (Nougat) Browser HTML5 HTML5 Organizer Yes Yes Messaging SMS(threaded view), MMS, Email, Push Email, IM SMS(threaded view), MMS, Email, Push Email, IM Hardware Chipset Mediatek MT6753 Mediatek MT6580 CPU Octa-core 1.3 GHz Quad-core 1.3 GHz Cortex-A7 GPU Mali-T720 Mali-400MP2 Sensors Fingerprint (rear-mounted), accelerometer, proximity, compass Fingerprint (rear-mounted), accelerometer, proximity, compass Side / Additional Keys Volume keys, Power/Lock key Volume keys, Power/Lock key Audio Jack 3.5 mm 3.5 mm Battery Battery Type Non-removable Li-Po 3000 mAh battery Non-removable Li-Po 3000 mAh battery Standby Up to 725 h (2G) / Up to 625 h (3G) Up to 725 h (2G) / Up to 625 h (3G) Talk Time Up to 26 h (2G) / Up to 16 h (3G) Up to 26 h (2G) / Up to 16 h (3G) Additional Features Features Document viewer Photo/video editor Document viewer Photo/video editor. Compare BLU R2 Plus With Similar Mobile Phones. Samsung LG Sony HTC Huawei Nokia BlackBerry Apple Motorola Google Asus Panasonic HP Lenovo Dell Oppo Xiaomi OnePlus vivo Acer Alcatel QMobile ZTE Meizu Gionee Micromax XOLO Lava BLU Karbonn Celkon Coolpad LeEco Essential Razer. All Manufacturers Android One Phones 3G Mobile Phones 4G Mobile Phones Rumored Phones SMS Screensavers Reviews Mobile Phone Prices Picture Messages. [Select Manufacturer] Samsung LG Sony HTC Huawei Nokia BlackBerry Apple Motorola Google Asus Panasonic HP Lenovo Dell Oppo Xiaomi OnePlus vivo Acer Alcatel QMobile ZTE Meizu Gionee Micromax XOLO Lava BLU Karbonn Celkon Coolpad LeEco Essential Razer. Privacy Policy Terms of Use Sitemap Contact Us Copyrights © 2018 mobilesmspk. 
Home › BLU › R2 Plus BLU R2 Plus - CPU. Last viewed devices List of mobile devices, whose specifications have been recently viewed.. Width Height Thickness Weight Write a review. Specifications Display Camera CPU Battery SAR Prices 2. Dimensions : 77 x 155.7 x 9.2 mm Weight : 167 g SoC : MediaTek MT6753 CPU : ARM Cortex-A53, 1300 MHz, Cores : 8 GPU : ARM Mali-T720 MP3, 450 MHz, Cores : 3 RAM : 3 GB, 666 MHz Storage : 32 GB Memory cards : microSD, microSDHC, microSDXC Display : 5.5 in, IPS, 1080 x 1920 pixels, 24 bit Battery : 3000 mAh, Li-Polymer OS : Android 7.0 Nougat Camera : 4160 x 3120 pixels, 1920 x 1080 pixels, 30 fps SIM card : Micro-SIM Wi-Fi : a, b, g, n, Wi-Fi Hotspot USB : 2.0, Micro USB Bluetooth : 4.0 Positioning : GPS, A-GPS. CPU frequency, other BLU models Clock rate of the processor of BLU R2 Plus and information about other BLU models that have the same or similar CPU frequency. CPU frequency, models from other brands Clock rate of the processor of BLU R2 Plus and information about models from other brands with the same or similar CPU frequency.. 1300 MHz (MediaTek MT6753, Cores: 8) 1300 MHz (MediaTek MT6582, Cores: 4) 1300 MHz (MediaTek MT6582, Cores: 4) 1300 MHz (Cores: 4) 1300 MHz (MediaTek MT6572, Cores: 2) 1300 MHz (MediaTek MT6580, Cores: 4) 1300 MHz (MediaTek MT6580, Cores: 4) 1300 MHz (MediaTek MT6580, Cores: 4) 1300 MHz (MediaTek MT6580, Cores: 4) 1300 MHz (MediaTek MT6580, Cores: 4) 1300 MHz (MediaTek MT6580, Cores: 4) 1300 MHz (MediaTek MT6753, Cores: 8) 1300 MHz (MediaTek MT6735, Cores: 4) 1300 MHz (MediaTek MT6737, Cores: 4) 1300 MHz (MediaTek MT6580, Cores: 4) 1300 MHz (MediaTek MT6737, Cores: 4) 1300 MHz (MediaTek MT6753, Cores: 8) 1300 MHz (MediaTek MT6582, Cores: 4) 1300 MHz (MediaTek MT6582, Cores: 4) 1300 MHz (MediaTek MT6582, Cores: 4) 1300 MHz (MediaTek MT6572, Cores: 2) 1300 MHz (MediaTek MT6582, Cores: 4) 1300 MHz (MediaTek MT6582, Cores: 4) 1300 MHz (MediaTek MT6571, Cores: 2) 1300 MHz (MediaTek MT6572, Cores: 2) 1300 MHz (MediaTek MT6582M, Cores: 4) 1300 MHz (MediaTek MT6582M, Cores: 4) 1300 MHz (MediaTek MT6582, Cores: 4) 1300 MHz (Cores: 4) 1300 MHz (MediaTek MT6582M, Cores: 4) 1300 MHz (MediaTek MT6582, Cores: 4) 1300 MHz (MediaTek MT6572, Cores: 2) 1300 MHz (MediaTek MT8382, Cores: 4). 1300 MHz (MediaTek MT6580, Cores: 4) 1300 MHz (MediaTek MT8382, Cores: 4) 1300 MHz (MediaTek MT8127, Cores: 4) 1300 MHz (MediaTek MT6582, Cores: 4) 1300 MHz (MediaTek MT6735, Cores: 4) 1300 MHz (MediaTek MT6735, Cores: 4) 1300 MHz (MediaTek MT6735, Cores: 4) 1300 MHz (MediaTek MT6735, Cores: 4) 1300 MHz (MediaTek MT6580, Cores: 4) 1300 MHz (MediaTek MT6582, Cores: 4) 1300 MHz (MediaTek MT6582, Cores: 4) 1300 MHz (MediaTek MT6592M, Cores: 8) 1300 MHz (MediaTek MT6582, Cores: 4) 1300 MHz (MediaTek MT6582, Cores: 4) 1300 MHz (MediaTek MT6580, Cores: 4) 1300 MHz (MediaTek MT6753, Cores: 8) 1300 MHz (MediaTek MT6753, Cores: 8) 1300 MHz (MediaTek MT6580, Cores: 4) 1300 MHz (MediaTek MT6582M, Cores: 4) 1300 MHz (MediaTek MT6580, Cores: 4) 1300 MHz (MediaTek MT6572A, Cores: 2) 1300 MHz (MediaTek MT6753, Cores: 8) 1300 MHz (MediaTek MT6580A, Cores: 4) 1300 MHz (MediaTek MT6580, Cores: 4) 1300 MHz (Spreadtrum SC7731G, Cores: 4) 1300 MHz (MediaTek MT6753, Cores: 8) 1300 MHz (Spreadtrum SC7731G, Cores: 4) 1300 MHz (MediaTek MT6580, Cores: 4) 1300 MHz (MediaTek MT6580, Cores: 4) 1300 MHz (MediaTek MT6580, Cores: 4) 1300 MHz (MediaTek MT6582, Cores: 4) 1300 MHz (MediaTek MT6580, Cores: 4) 1300 MHz (MediaTek MT6580A, Cores: 4). Dimensions : 77 x 155.7 x 9.2 mm Weight : 167 g SoC : MediaTek MT6753 CPU : ARM Cortex-A53, 1300 MHz, Cores : 8 GPU : ARM Mali-T720 MP3, 450 MHz RAM : 3 GB, 666 MHz Storage : 32 GB Display : 5.5 in, IPS, 1080 x 1920 pixels, 24 bit Battery : 3000 mAh, Li-Polymer OS : Android 7.0 Nougat Camera : 4160 x 3120 pixels, 1920 x 1080 pixels, 30 fps. The information on this website is provided on "as is, as available basis" without warranty of any kind. DeviceSpecifications is not responsible for any omissions, inaccuracies or other errors in the information it publishes. All warranties with respect to this information are disclaimed. Reproduction of any part of this website in its entirety or partially or in any form or medium without prior written permission is prohibited. The trademarks, marques and logos of the manufacturers of devices, software, hardware, etc. are the property of their respective owners.. 
Jan 25 AT 3:08 PM. BLU R2 Plus features front and rear 13MP cameras, available today at limited time introductory price. Editorial Director of News and Content for PhoneDog Media. Can be followed on Twitter at @alw. Tagged # BLU # BLU Products # BLU R2 Plus. BLU is prolific in the affordable Android smartphone market, and today the company introduced its latest offering.. The BLU R2 Plus is now official. It’s packing a 5.5-inch 1920×1080 display with 13-megapixel camera and LED flash above it for all of your selfie needs, and around back there’s a second 13-megapixel camera with LED flash and phase detection autofocus. A fingerprint reader rests below the rear camera.. Inside the BLU R2 Plus’s aluminum shell is a 1.3GHz octa-core MediaTek MT6753 processor paired with 3GB of RAM, 32GB of storage, and a microSD card slot for adding more storage. There’s also a 3,000mAh battery for powering the whole package.. BLU has equipped the R2 Plus with 4G LTE bands 1/2/3/4/7/12/17/28, and the phone works with GSM operators like AT&T and T-Mobile in the US. The R2 Plus is sold unlocked.. If all that sounds good to you, then you can buy the BLU R2 Plus right now from Amazon. In fact, the Android 7.0-powered device is being discounted right now, with BLU opting to sell it at a cheaper introductory price for a limited time.. What do you think of BLU’s latest Android smartphone?. Source: BLU R2 Plus (Amazon). - Any - 3G|4G U301 USB Modem Acer Aspire One Netbook Acer Liquid M220 Airave 2.5 Plus Alcatel 510A Alcatel 768 Alcatel 871A GoPhone Alcatel A392G Alcatel Fling Alcatel One Touch 991 Alcatel One Touch Evolve Alcatel OneTouch Conquest Alcatel OneTouch Elevate Alcatel OneTouch Evolve 2 ALCATEL ONETOUCH Fierce Alcatel OneTouch Fierce 2 Alcatel Onetouch Idol 3 (4.7") Alcatel Onetouch Idol 3 (5.5") Alcatel OneTouch Pop 7 Alcatel OneTouch Pop Icon Alcatel OneTouch Pop Mega Alcatel OneTouch Pop Star LTE Alcatel OneTouch Retro ALCATEL OneTouch Sonic LTE Alcatel Pop C9 Alcatel Pop D3 Alcatel Venture Amazon Fire Phone Anna Sui Mobile by Samsung Apple iPad 2 16GB Apple iPad 2 32GB Apple iPad 2 64GB Apple iPad Air Apple iPad Air 2 Apple iPad Mini Apple iPad mini 2 Apple iPad Mini 3 Apple iPad mini 4 Apple iPad mini with Retina Display Apple iPad Pro Apple iPad with Retina Display Apple iPhone 16 GB Apple iPhone 3G 16 GB Apple iPhone 3G 8 GB Apple iPhone 3G S 32 GB Apple iPhone 3GS Apple iPhone 4 Apple iPhone 4S Apple iPhone 5 Apple iPhone 5c Apple iPhone 5s Apple iPhone 6 Apple iPhone 6 Plus Apple iPhone 6s Apple iPhone 6s Plus ASUS MeMO Pad 7 LTE ASUS MeMO Pad FHD 10 LTE ASUS PadFone X mini ASUS ZenFone 2 ASUS ZenWatch 2 AT&T Avail 2 AT&T F160 AT&T Impulse 4G AT&T Mobile Hotspot Elevate 4G AT&T Mobile Hotspot MiFi 2372 AT&T Quickfire AT&T Radiant GoPhone AT&T Unite AT&T Unite Pro AT&T USBConnect 900 AT&T USBConnect Adrenaline AT&T USBConnect Force 4G AT&T USBConnect Mercury AT&T USBConnect Momentum 4G AT&T USBConnect Shockwave AT&T USBConnect Turbo AT&T USBConnect Velocity AT&T Z222 GoPhone AT&T Z331 AT&T Z998 GoPhone Audiovox CDM-8940 Audiovox PC5740 EVDO PC Card Audiovox VI600 Audiovox XV6600 Betsey Johnson Mobile by Samsung Big Button Flip Alcatel A392G BlackBerry 7130e BlackBerry 7250 BlackBerry 7290 BlackBerry 8703e BlackBerry 8820 BlackBerry Bold BlackBerry Bold 9650 BlackBerry Bold 9700 BlackBerry Bold 9780 BlackBerry Bold 9900 BlackBerry Bold 9930 BlackBerry Classic BlackBerry Curve 3G BlackBerry Curve 3G 9300 BlackBerry Curve 8320 BlackBerry Curve 8330 BlackBerry Curve 8350i BlackBerry Curve 8520 BlackBerry Curve 8530 BlackBerry Curve 8900 BlackBerry Curve 9310 BlackBerry Curve 9315 BlackBerry Curve 9330 BlackBerry Curve 9350 BlackBerry Curve 9360 BlackBerry Curve 9370 BlackBerry Leap BlackBerry Passport BlackBerry Pearl BlackBerry Pearl 3G BlackBerry Pearl 8110 BlackBerry Pearl 8120 BlackBerry Pearl 8130 BlackBerry Pearl Flip 8220 BlackBerry Pearl Flip 8230 BlackBerry Priv BlackBerry Q10 BlackBerry Storm BlackBerry Storm2 BlackBerry Style BlackBerry Torch 9800 BlackBerry Torch 9810 BlackBerry Torch 9850 BlackBerry Torch 9860 BlackBerry Tour BlackBerry Z10 BlackBerry Z30 Blackphone 2 BLU Advance 4.0 BLU Dash 5.0+ BLU Life View BLU Neo 4.5 BLU Studio 5.0 BLU Studio 5.0 C BLU Studio 5.0 II BLU Studio 5.0 II BLU Studio 5.0C BLU Studio 6.0 HD BLU Studio C Mini BLU Studio Energy BLU Studio Mini LTE BLU Studio Selfie LTE Boost MAX by ZTE Boost Warp 4G by ZTE Brigadier by Kyocera Casio EXILIM Casio G'zOne Boulder CASIO G'zONE Ravine 2 (Non-Camera) Casio GzOne Brigade Casio GzOne Commando Casio GzOne Ravine Casio GzOne Ravine 2 Casio GzOne Rock CAT B15Q CAT S40 Compaq Mini 110c-1048NR Coolpad Arise Coolpad Flo Coolpad Quattro 4G Dell Inspiron 14z Laptop Dell Inspiron Mini 10 with T-Mobile webConnect Dell Inspiron Mini 1012 Dell Streak 7 Diane Von Furstenberg Mobile by Samsung DROID 2 by Motorola DROID 2 Global by Motorola DROID 3 by Motorola DROID 4 by Motorola DROID BIONIC 4G by Motorola DROID by Motorola DROID CHARGE by Samsung Droid DNA by HTC DROID ERIS by HTC DROID INCREDIBLE 2 by HTC DROID Incredible 4G LTE by HTC DROID INCREDIBLE by HTC DROID Pro by Motorola DROID R2 D2 by Motorola DROID RAZR by Motorola DROID RAZR by Motorola 16GB DROID RAZR HD by Motorola DROID RAZR M by Motorola DROID RAZR MAXX by Motorola DROID RAZR MAXX HD by Motorola DROID Turbo DROID X by Motorola DROID X2 by Motorola Enact by LG Ericsson c905a Ericsson Equinox Ericsson TM506 Ericsson Vivaz Ericsson W350 Ericsson W518a Ericsson w760a Ericsson Z750a Firefly Fivespot Global Ready Franklin Wireless U680 USB Galaxy Nexus by Samsung Garmin Garminfone Garmin nuvifone G60 Gateway LT2016u Netbook Google Nexus 4 Google Nexus 5 Google Nexus 6 Google Nexus 9 Google Pixel C HP iPAQ Glisten HP Mini 110 Netbook HP Mini 110-1050NR HP Mini 1151NR Netbook HP Mini 210-1076NR Netbook HP Mini 311-1037NR Netbook HP Veer 4G HTC 8XT HTC Amaze HTC Aria HTC Arrive HTC Desire HTC Desire 510 HTC Desire 526 HTC Desire 610 HTC Desire 612 HTC Desire 626 HTC Desire 626s HTC Desire 816 HTC Desire 826 HTC Desire EYE HTC Droid DNA HTC EVO 3D HTC EVO 4G HTC EVO 4G LTE HTC EVO Design 4G HTC EVO Shift 4G HTC EVO View 4G HTC First HTC Freestyle HTC FUZE HTC HD 7 HTC HD2 HTC HD7S HTC Hero HTC Imagio HTC Inspire 4G HTC Jetstream HTC Merge HTC Mogul Pocket PC 6800 HTC One HTC One (E8) HTC One (M8) HTC One (M8) For Windows HTC One A9 HTC One M9 HTC One Max HTC One mini HTC One remix HTC One S HTC One SV HTC One V HTC One X HTC One X+ HTC Ozone HTC PPC6800 HTC Pure HTC Radar HTC Rezound HTC Rhyme HTC S621 Excalibur HTC S630 Cavalier HTC Sensation HTC Snap HTC Status HTC Surround HTC Thunderbolt HTC Tilt 2 HTC Titan HTC Titan II HTC Touch HTC Touch Diamond HTC Touch Pro HTC Touch Pro 2 HTC Trophy HTC Vivid HTC Wildfire S Huawei Activa 4G Huawei Ascend HUAWEI Ascend II Huawei Ascend Mate 2 Huawei Ascend Plus Huawei Ascend W1 Huawei Ascend Y Huawei EC168 Huawei Glory Huawei H210C Huawei H215G Huawei H866C Huawei Honor 6 Plus Huawei Inspira Huawei M735 Huawei M835 Huawei Mate S Huawei Nexus 6P Huawei P8 lite Huawei Pal Huawei Pinnacle Huawei Premia 4G Huawei SnapTo Huawei Summit Huawei U8651T Prism Huawei Union Huawei Valiant Huawei Verge Huawei Vitria Huawei Watch Jolla Tablet KIN One KIN Two Kyocera 126C Kyocera 323 Kyocera Brigadier Kyocera Brio Kyocera Coast Kyocera Contact Kyocera DuraCore Kyocera DuraForce Kyocera DuraMax Kyocera DuraPlus Kyocera DuraShock Kyocera DuraXT Kyocera DuraXV Kyocera E1000 Kyocera E1100 Neo Kyocera E2000 Kyocera Echo Kyocera Event Kyocera Hydro Kyocera Hydro Edge Kyocera Hydro Elite Kyocera Hydro Icon Kyocera Hydro Vibe Kyocera Hydro Wave Kyocera Hydro XTRM Kyocera K132 Kyocera Kona Kyocera Loft Kyocera Milano Kyocera Presto Kyocera Rise Kyocera SE47 Slider Kyocera Torino Kyocera Torque Kyocera TorqueXT Kyocera Verve LG 221C LG 101 LG 1500 LG 220C LG 231C LG 235C LG 236C LG 320G LG 400G LG 450 LG 500G LG 505C LG 511C LG 600G LG 620G LG 800G LG 900G LG A340 LG A380 LG Access LTE LG Accolade LG Ally LG Arena LG Aspire LG AX155 LG AX300 LG AX310 LG AX565 LG AX8600 LG Banter LG Beacon LG CF360 LG Chocolate 3 LG Chocolate Touch LG Chocolate VX8550 LG Chocolate White LG Clout LG Connect 4G LG Cosmos LG Cosmos 2 LG Cosmos 3 LG Cosmos Touch LG Dare LG Decoy LG dLite LG Doubleplay LG Enact LG Encore LG Enlighten LG enV Touch LG enV VX11000 LG enV VX9900 LG enV2 LG enV3 LG Escape LG Esteem LG Exalt LG eXpo LG Extravert LG Extravert 2 LG Fathom LG G Flex LG G Flex 2 LG G Pad 10.1 LTE LG G Pad 10.1 LTE LG G Pad 7.0 LTE LG G Pad 7.0 LTE LG G Pad 8.3 LG G Pad F7.0 LG G Stylo LG G Vista LG G Vista 2 LG G2 LG G3 LG G3 Vigor LG G4 LG Glance LG Glimmer LG Google Nexus 4 LG GS170 LG GU295 LG INCITE LG Intuition LG Invision LG L35G SIM4 LG Lancet LG Leon LTE LG Lotus LG Lotus Elite LG Lucid 2 LG Lucid 3 LG Lucky LG LX150 LG LX160 LG LX290 LG LX350 LG LX370 LG LX400 LG LX550 LG Mach LG Marquee LG Migo LG Motion 4G LG Muziq LX570 LG Neon LG Neon II LG Nexus 5X LG Nitro HD LG Octane LG Optimus Black LG Optimus Dynamic LG Optimus Dynamic II LG Optimus Elite LG Optimus Exceed LG Optimus Exceed 2 LG Optimus Extreme LG Optimus F3 LG Optimus F3Q LG Optimus F6 LG Optimus F7 LG Optimus Fuel LG Optimus G LG Optimus G Pro LG Optimus L70 LG Optimus L9 LG Optimus L90 LG Optimus Logic LG Optimus M LG Optimus M+ LG Optimus Net LG Optimus One P500 LG Optimus Q LG Optimus S LG Optimus SHOWTIME LG Optimus T LG Optimus Ultimate LG Optimus Zip LG Optimus Zone LG Optimus Zone 2 LG Phoenix LG PM-225 LG Prime LG Quantum LG Realm LG Remarq LG Revere LG Revere 2 LG Revere 3 LG Revolution LG Rhythm LG Rumor LG Rumor 2 LG Rumor Reflex LG Rumor Reflex S LG Rumor Touch LG Scoop LG Sentio LG Shine CU720 LG Shine II LG Spirit 4G LG Sunrise LG Swift LG Thrill LG Transpyre LG Tribute LG Tribute 2 LG Tritan LG Ultimate 2 LG UX145 LG UX260 LG UX280 LG UX300 LG UX380 LG UX565 LG UX830 LG V10 LG Venice LG Versa LG VI-125 LG VI-5225 LG Viper LG VL600 4G USB Modem LG Volt LG Volt 2 LG Vortex LG Vu CU915 LG Vu CU920 LG Vu Plus LG VX3100 LG VX3300 LG VX3400 LG VX3450 LG VX3450L LG VX4400 LG VX4500 LG VX5200 LG VX5400 LG VX5500 LG VX7000 LG VX8000 LG VX8300 LG VX8350 LG VX8360 LG VX8600 LG VX9800 LG Watch Urbane LG Xenon LG Xpression LG Xpression 2 LG100C LG200C LG225 LG300G LG400G LG501C LG620G LG900G Lucid 3 by LG Lucid by LG Microsoft Lumia 535 Microsoft Lumia 550 Microsoft Lumia 640 Microsoft Lumia 640 XL Microsoft Lumia 950 Microsoft Lumia 950 XL MiFi 2200 Mobile Hotspot MiFi 3G/4G Mobile Hotspot MiFi 500 LTE by Novatel Wireless Moto 360 (2nd Gen) 42mm Moto 360 (2nd Gen) 46mm Moto 360 Sport Motorola 408 Motorola A1200 Ming Motorola A630 Motorola ACTV Motorola Admiral Motorola Adventure V750 Motorola Atrix 2 Motorola Atrix 4G Motorola Atrix HD Motorola Backflip Motorola Bali Motorola Barrage Motorola Bravo Motorola Brute i680 Motorola Brute i686 Motorola Buzz ic502 Motorola C139 Motorola C168i Motorola Charm Motorola Citrus Motorola CLIQ Motorola CLIQ 2 Motorola CLIQ XT Motorola Clutch i465 Motorola Clutch i475 Motorola Debut i856 Motorola Defy Motorola Defy XT Motorola Devour Motorola Droid Bionic Motorola DROID MAXX Motorola DROID Maxx 2 Motorola DROID Mini Motorola DROID Turbo 2 Motorola DROID Ultra Motorola Droid XYBoard 10.1 Motorola Droid XYBoard 8.2 Motorola E815 Motorola EM326g Motorola EM330 Motorola Entice Motorola Evoke Motorola EX124G Motorola EX431G Motorola Flipout Motorola Flipside Motorola Gallo i296 Motorola Hint Motorola Hint QA30 Motorola i1 Motorola i412 Motorola i530b Motorola i530y Motorola i570 Motorola i576 Motorola i605 Motorola i710 Motorola i776 Motorola i830 Motorola i880 Motorola i886 Motorola i890 Motorola Karma QA1 Motorola Krave ZN4 Motorola KRZR K1 Motorola KRZR K1m Motorola L2 Motorola L6 Motorola Luge Motorola Moto E (1st Gen) Motorola Moto E (2nd Gen) Motorola Moto G Motorola Moto G (3rd Gen) Motorola Moto X Motorola Moto X (2014) Motorola Moto X Play Motorola Moto X Style (Pure Edition) Motorola MOTORAZR maxx Ve Motorola MOTORAZR VE20 Motorola PEBL Motorola PHOTON 4G Motorola Photon Q Motorola Q9 Global Motorola Q9c Motorola Q9m Motorola Rambler Motorola Rapture VU30 Motorola RAZR V3 Motorola RAZR V3 Dolce & Gabbana Motorola RAZR V3c Motorola RAZR V3c Motorola RAZR V3i/ V3t/ V3r Motorola RAZR V3m Motorola RAZR V3xx Motorola RAZR2 V9m Motorola Renegade V950 Motorola Renew Motorola Rival Motorola RIZR Z3 Motorola RIZR Z6c Motorola ROKR Motorola ROKR E8 Motorola ROKR U9 Motorola ROKR Z6 Motorola SLVR L7c Motorola Stature i9 Motorola T722i Motorola Theory Motorola Titanium Motorola Triumph Motorola Tundra Motorola V120e Motorola V171 Motorola V180 Motorola V190 Motorola V195 Motorola V220 Motorola V235 Motorola V260 Motorola V325 Motorola V360 Motorola V551 Motorola V600 Motorola V60s Motorola V710 Motorola VE465 Motorola VU204 Motorola W315 Motorola W375g Motorola W380 Motorola W385 Motorola W408g Motorola W409G Motorola W418G Motorola W490 Motorola W755 Motorola XOOM Motorola XOOM 4G LTE Motorola XPRT Motorola Z9 Motorola Zine ZN5 myTouch 4G NEC Terrain Netgear 341U USB Modem Netgear Mingle Mobile Hotspot Netgear Zing Nexbit Robin Nexus S 4G Nexus S from Google Nokia 1208 Nokia 1600 Nokia 1616 Nokia 1661 Nokia 1680 Nokia 2320 Nokia 2330 Nokia 2600 Nokia 2605 Mirage Nokia 2610 Nokia 2630 Nokia 2660 Nokia 2680 Nokia 2720 Nokia 2760 Nokia 3220 Nokia 3555 Nokia 3588i Nokia 3660 Nokia 3711 Nokia 5130 Nokia 5230 Nuron Nokia 5310 XpressMusic Nokia 5610 Nokia 6010 Nokia 6015i Nokia 6030 Nokia 6085 Nokia 6101 Nokia 6102i Nokia 6133 Nokia 6165i Nokia 6205 Nokia 6215i Nokia 6236i Nokia 6263 Nokia 6301 Nokia 6315i Nokia 6350 Nokia 6555 Nokia 6650 Nokia 6800 Nokia 7205 Intrigue Nokia 7510 Nokia 7705 Twist Nokia Astound Nokia C3 Nokia E71 Nokia E71x Nokia E73 Mode Nokia Lumia 1020 Nokia Lumia 1520 Nokia Lumia 2520 Nokia Lumia 520 Nokia Lumia 521 Nokia Lumia 530 Nokia Lumia 625 Nokia Lumia 635 Nokia Lumia 710 Nokia Lumia 810 Nokia Lumia 820 Nokia Lumia 822 Nokia Lumia 830 Nokia Lumia 900 Nokia Lumia 920 Nokia Lumia 925 Nokia Lumia 928 Nokia Lumia Icon Nokia Mural Nokia N1 Nokia N73 Nokia N75 Nokia N95 8GB Nokia NGage Nokia Surge Nokia Twist 7705 Nokia VI-3155 Nokia X2 Novatel EX720 ExpressCard Novatel Merlin C777 Novatel Merlin S620 Novatel MiFi 2200 Novatel MiFi 5580 Novatel Ovation U727 Novatel Ovation U760 Novatel PC770 PCmCIA Novatel S720 Novatel U760 Novatel USB1000 Global Modem Novatel V620 EVDO PC Card Novatel V640 PC/Mac USB Broadband Card Novatel V740 PC/Mac Wireless Broadband Card OnePlus 2 OnePlus One OnePlus X Option Quicksilver USB Modem Overdrive 3G 4G Mobile Hotspot Overdrive Pro 3G/4G Hotspot Palm Centro Palm M500 Palm Pixi Palm Pixi Plus Palm Pre Palm Pre 2 Palm Pre Plus Palm Pro Palm Pro Palm Treo 650 Palm Treo 700p Palm Treo 700w Palm Treo 700wx Palm Treo 755p Palm Treo 800w Palm Treo Pro Pantech Breakout Pantech Breeze Pantech Breeze II Pantech Breeze III Pantech Burst Pantech C120 Pantech C300 Pantech C3b Pantech C610 Pantech Caper Pantech Crossover Pantech Crux Pantech Ease Pantech Hotshot Pantech Impact Pantech Jest 2 Pantech Laser Pantech Link Pantech Link II Pantech Marauder Pantech Matrix Pantech Matrix Pro Pantech Perception Pantech PN-820 Pantech Pocket Pantech Pursuit Pantech Pursuit II Pantech Renue Pantech Reveal Pantech Slate Pantech Swift Pantech UML290 4G USB Modem Pantech UML295 LTE USB Modem PCD Chaser Phone Connect 3 Plum Might Z513 Que 4.5 Que 5.0 REEF RIM BlackBerry 6710 RIM BlackBerry 7100t RIM BlackBerry 7105t RIM BlackBerry 7130e RIM BlackBerry 7230 RIM BlackBerry 8700g Rugged CAT S50 S275G Samsung 4G Mobile Hotspot LC11 Samsung A107 Samsung A117 Samsung A127 Samsung A137 Samsung A167 Samsung A187 Samsung A197 Samsung A237 Samsung A580 Samsung A630 Samsung A637 Samsung A650 Samsung A670 Samsung A777 Samsung A870 Samsung A890 Samsung A930 Samsung A950 Samsung A970 Samsung A990 Samsung Access Samsung Ace i325 Samsung Admire Samsung Alias 2 Samsung Array Samsung ATIV Odyssey Samsung ATIV S Neo Samsung ATIV SE Samsung Beat Samsung Behold Samsung Behold II Samsung BlackJack i607 Samsung BlackJack II i617 Samsung Brightside Samsung Captivate Samsung Captivate Glide Samsung Comeback Samsung Conquer 4G Samsung Continuum Samsung Contour 2 Samsung Convoy Samsung Convoy 2 Samsung Convoy 3 Samsung Craft Samsung D415 Samsung D900 Samsung Dart Samsung Delve Samsung DoubleTime Samsung E105 Samsung E315 Samsung E335 Samsung E635 Samsung E715 Samsung Entro Samsung Epic Samsung Epix Samsung Eternity Samsung Eternity II Samsung Evergreen Samsung Exclaim Samsung Exhibit 4G Samsung Exhibit II 4G Samsung Factor Samsung Fascinate Samsung Flight Samsung Flight II Samsung FlipShot SCH-U900 Samsung Focus Samsung Focus 2 Samsung Focus Flash Samsung Focus S Samsung Freeform Samsung Freeform II Samsung Freeform III Samsung Freeform M Samsung Galaxy Ace Samsung Galaxy Ace 4 LTE Samsung Galaxy Ace Style Samsung Galaxy Admire 4G Samsung Galaxy Alpha Samsung Galaxy Appeal Samsung Galaxy Attain 4G Samsung Galaxy Avant Samsung Galaxy Centura Samsung Galaxy Core Prime Samsung Galaxy Discover Samsung Galaxy Exhibit Samsung Galaxy Exhilarate Samsung Galaxy Express GoPhone Samsung Galaxy Grand Prime Samsung Galaxy Indulge Samsung Galaxy J1 LTE Samsung Galaxy Light Samsung Galaxy Mega 2 Samsung Galaxy Mega 6.3 Samsung Galaxy Note Samsung Galaxy Note 10.1 Samsung Galaxy Note 3 Samsung Galaxy Note 4 Samsung Galaxy Note 5 Samsung Galaxy Note Edge Samsung Galaxy Note II Samsung Galaxy Note Pro Samsung Galaxy Precedent Samsung Galaxy Prevail Samsung Galaxy Prevail 2 Samsung Galaxy Proclaim Samsung Galaxy Reverb Samsung Galaxy Ring Samsung Galaxy Rugby Pro Samsung Galaxy Rush Samsung Galaxy S 4 zoom Samsung Galaxy S 4G Samsung Galaxy S Blaze Samsung Galaxy S II Samsung Galaxy S II Skyrocket Samsung Galaxy S III Samsung Galaxy S III Mini Samsung Galaxy S Lightray 4G Samsung Galaxy S Relay 4G Samsung Galaxy S4 Samsung Galaxy S4 Active Samsung Galaxy S4 Mini Samsung Galaxy S5 Samsung Galaxy S5 Active Samsung Galaxy S5 mini Samsung Galaxy S5 Sport Samsung Galaxy S6 Samsung Galaxy S6 Active Samsung Galaxy S6 Edge Samsung Galaxy S6 edge+ Samsung Galaxy Stardust Samsung Galaxy Stellar Samsung Galaxy Stratosphere II Samsung Galaxy Tab Samsung Galaxy Tab 2 Samsung Galaxy Tab 3 Samsung Galaxy Tab 4 Samsung Galaxy Tab 4 10.1 Samsung Galaxy Tab 4 8.0 Samsung Galaxy Tab 4G - 16GB Samsung Galaxy Tab 4G - 32GB Samsung Galaxy Tab S Samsung Galaxy Tab S 10.5 Samsung Galaxy Tab S 10.5 Samsung Galaxy Tab S 8.4 Samsung Galaxy Tab S2 9.7 Samsung Galaxy Victory 4G LTE Samsung Galaxy View Samsung Gear 2 Samsung Gear S2 Samsung Gleam U700 Samsung Glyde Samsung GO Netbook Samsung Gravity Samsung Gravity 2 Samsung Gravity 3 Samsung Gravity Q Samsung Gravity SMART Samsung Gravity T Samsung Gravity TXT Samsung Gusto Samsung Gusto 2 Samsung Gusto 3 Samsung Haven Samsung Highlight Samsung Highnote Samsung Hue II Samsung Illusion Samsung Impression Samsung Infuse 4G Samsung Instinct Samsung Instinct HD Samsung Instinct S30 Samsung Intensity Samsung Intensity II Samsung Intensity III Samsung Intercept Samsung Intrepid Samsung IP-830 Samsung IP-A790 Samsung Jack Samsung Juke U470 Samsung Katalyst T739 Samsung Knack U310 Samsung M220 Samsung M240 Samsung M300 Samsung M320 Samsung M330 Samsung M360 Samsung M370 Samsung M400 Samsung M500 Samsung M510 Samsung M520 Samsung M610 Samsung Magnet Samsung Matrix Samsung Memoir Samsung MM-A920 Samsung Moment Samsung Muse Samsung MyShot Samsung Mysto Samsung Mythic Samsung Omnia Samsung Omnia II Samsung PM-A740 Samsung Precedent Samsung Propel Samsung Propel Pro Samsung R225m Samsung R335C Samsung R375C Samsung R451C Samsung R455C Samsung R610 Samsung Rant Samsung Reality Samsung Reclaim Samsung Renown Samsung Replenish Samsung Restore Samsung Rogue Samsung Rugby Samsung Rugby 4 Samsung Rugby II Samsung Rugby Smart Samsung S275G Samsung S380C Samsung S390G Samsung S425G Samsung Saga Samsung SCH-i600 Samsung SCH-i730 Samsung SCH-U340 Samsung SCH-U540 Samsung SCH-U620 Samsung SCH-U740 Samsung Seek Samsung SGH-T199 Samsung Smiley Samsung Smooth Samsung Solstice Samsung Solstice II Samsung SP-i600 Samsung Spex r210 Samsung SPH-i700 Samsung Stratosphere Samsung Stripe T329 Samsung Strive Samsung Sunburst Samsung Sway Samsung T109 Samsung T119 Samsung T139 Samsung T159 Samsung T201G Samsung T209 Samsung T219 Samsung T229 Samsung T239 Samsung T249 Samsung t259 Samsung T309 Samsung T319 Samsung T339 Samsung T349 Samsung T369 Samsung T401G Samsung T404G Samsung T439 Samsung T509 Samsung T519 Trace Samsung T528G Samsung T609 Samsung T619 Samsung T629 Samsung T639 Samsung t659 Samsung T719 Samsung T809 Samsung T819 Samsung Trance Samsung Transform Samsung Transform Ultra Samsung Trender Samsung U430 Samsung U450 Samsung U550 Samsung Upstage M620 Samsung VI660 Samsung Vibrant Samsung X427M Samsung X495 Samsung Z400 Samsung Z700 Samsung Zeal Sanyo 7050 Sanyo 8400 Sanyo Incognito Sanyo Innuendo Sanyo Innuendo by Kyocera Sanyo Katana Sanyo Katana DLX Sanyo Katana Eclipse Sanyo Katana Eclipse X Sanyo Katana II Sanyo Katana LX Sanyo M1 Sanyo MM-8300 Sanyo PRO-200 Sanyo PRO-700 Sanyo S1 Sanyo SCP-2400 Sanyo SCP-2700 Sanyo SCP-3100 Sanyo SCP-3200 Sanyo SCP-3810 Sanyo Taho by Kyocera Sanyo Vero by Kyocera Sanyo Zio Saygus V2 Sharp Aquos Crystal Sharp FX Sharp FX PLUS Siemens CF62T Sierra 598 USB Modem Sierra USB Lightning 305 Sierra Wireless 4G LTE Tri-Fi Hotspot Sierra Wireless AC595 PCMCIA Wireless Card Sierra Wireless AC595U USB PC/Mac Card Sierra Wireless AC597 ExpressCard PC/Mac Card Sierra Wireless AirCard 402 Sierra Wireless Compass 597 USB Modem SKY 4.0 Sky 5.0L Sonim XP STRIKE Sonim XP6 Sony C1904 Xperia M Sony Ericsson Equinox Sony Ericsson GC79 Cellular and WiFi PC Card Sony Ericsson GC89 PCMCIA PC Cell WiFi Card Sony Ericsson J220a Sony Ericsson K550 Sony Ericsson T290a Sony Ericsson T610 Sony Ericsson TM506 Sony Ericsson W580i Sony Ericsson W810i Sony Ericsson Xperia PLAY Sony Ericsson Z300 Sony Ericsson Z310a Sony Ericsson Z750a Sony Ericsson Z780 Sony Xperia E3 Sony Xperia E4 Sony Xperia M Sony Xperia M4 Aqua Sony Xperia PLAY 4G Sony Xperia T3 LTE Sony Xperia X10 Sony Xperia Z Sony Xperia Z1S Sony Xperia Z2 Sony Xperia Z3 Sony Xperia Z3 Compact Sony Xperia Z3+ Sony Xperia Z3v Sony Xperia Z4 Sony Xperia Z4 Tablet Sony Xperia Z4v Sony Xperia Z5 Sony Xperia Z5 Compact Sony Xperia Z5 Premium Spectrum 2 by LG Spectrum by LG Sprint 3G 4G U600 USB Modem Sprint 3G/4G Plug-in Connect USB Sprint 3G|4G USB 250U Sprint Flash Sprint Force Sprint LivePro Sprint Phone Connect 2 Sprint Plug-in-Connect Trimode Sprint Pocket WiFi Sprint PPC 6700 Sprint Vital Sprint WeGo T-Mobile 4G LTE HotSpot Z915 T-Mobile 4G Mobile Hotspot T-Mobile 665 T-Mobile 768 T-Mobile Comet T-Mobile Concord T-Mobile Concord II T-Mobile Dash T-Mobile Dash 3G T-Mobile G-Slate with Google T-Mobile G1 T-Mobile G2 T-Mobile G2x T-Mobile Jet 2.0 4G Stick T-Mobile MDA T-Mobile myTouch T-Mobile myTouch 3G T-Mobile myTouch 3G Slide T-Mobile myTouch 4G T-Mobile myTouch 4G Slide T-Mobile myTouch by LG T-Mobile myTouch Q T-Mobile myTouch Q by LG T-Mobile Prism T-Mobile Prism II T-Mobile Rocket 3.0 4G Laptop T-Mobile SDA T-Mobile Shadow T-Mobile Sidekick T-Mobile Sidekick 3 T-Mobile Sidekick 4G T-Mobile Sidekick iD T-Mobile Sidekick II T-Mobile Sidekick LX T-Mobile Sidekick Slide T-Mobile Sonic 4G T-Mobile Sparq T-Mobile Sparq II T-Mobile Tap T-Mobile webConnect Jet USB T-Mobile webConnect USB T-Mobile Wing Turing Phone UNIMAX MAXBravo Unimax MXE-675 UT Starcom PC-5740 UTStarcom Blitz UTStarcom CDM-8945 UTStarcom CDM-8975 UTStarcom Coupe UTStarcom PC5750 PCMCIA PC Broadband Card UTStarcom SMT5800 UTStarcom UM150 USB Modem UTStarcom UM175 USB UTStarcom XV6800 Pocket PC Verizon 4G LTE Broadband Router with Voice Verizon 4G LTE MiFi 4510L Verizon 4G LTE USB Modem 551L Verizon 4G LTE USB Modem UML295 Verizon AD3700 Global USB Verizon Adamant Verizon Blitz Verizon CDM8950 Verizon CDM8975 Verizon Ellipsis 8 Verizon Ellipsis Jetpack MHS800L Verizon Escapade Verizon GzOne Boulder Verizon Jetpack 4G LTE Mobile Hotspot - MiFi 4620L Verizon Jetpack 4G LTE Mobile Hotspot - MiFi 5510L Verizon Jetpack 4G LTE Mobile Hotspot - MiFi MHS291L Verizon Jetpack 4G LTE Mobile Hotspot 890L Verizon Jetpack 4G LTE Mobile Hotspot MHS291L Verizon Jetpack MiFi 4620LE 4G LTE Verizon Jetpack MiFi 5510L 4G LTE Mobile Hotspot Verizon Jetpack MiFi 6620L Verizon Razzle Verizon SMT5800 Verizon UM175 USB Data Modem Verizon UMW190 Global USB Verizon USB760 Modem Verizon VX6900 Verizon Wireless Fivespot Global Ready 3G Mobile Hotspot Verizon Wireless Home Phone Connect Verizon Wireless Salute Verizon Wireless Turbine 7.0 Verizon Wireless USB551L Virgin Mobile Awe webConnect Rocket HSPA+ Windows Phone 8S Windows Phone 8X Xperia ion by Sony YotaPhone 2 ZTE Anthem 4G ZTE Aspect ZTE Avid 4G ZTE Axon Pro ZTE Boost Max+ ZTE Compel ZTE Concord II ZTE Force ZTE Fury ZTE Grand S3 ZTE Grand X Max+ ZTE Illustra ZTE Majesty ZTE Maven ZTE Merit ZTE Midnight ZTE Nubia 5S Mini ZTE Optik ZTE Overture 2 ZTE Prestige ZTE Quartz ZTE Rapido LTE ZTE Savvy ZTE Score M ZTE Solar ZTE Speed ZTE Supreme ZTE Unico LTE ZTE Valet ZTE Vital ZTE Warp ZTE Warp Elite ZTE Warp Sequent ZTE Warp Sync ZTE Whirl ZTE Z432 ZTE Z667 ZTE Zephyr ZTE Zinger ZTE ZMAX ZTE ZMAX 2 AT&T GoPhone $30 Monthly Plan for Smartphones AT&T GoPhone $40 Monthly Plan for Smartphones AT&T GoPhone $45 Smartphone Monthly Plan with Data AT&T GoPhone $60 Smartphone Monthly Plan with Data AT&T Mobile Share 10GB AT&T Mobile Share 15GB AT&T Mobile Share 1GB AT&T Mobile Share 20GB AT&T Mobile Share 2GB AT&T Mobile Share 300MB AT&T Mobile Share 40GB AT&T Mobile Share 4GB AT&T Mobile Share 50GB AT&T Mobile Share 6GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 10GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 15GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 1GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 20GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 25GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 2GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 300MB AT&T Mobile Share Value 30GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 3GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 40GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 50GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 5GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 60GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 6GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 7GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 8GB Boost Mobile BlackBerry Monthly Unlimited Boost Mobile Data Boost Boost Mobile Monthly Unlimited Plan with Shrinking Payments Boost Mobile Monthly Unlimited Select Boost Mobile Monthly Unlimited with Growing Data CREDO Mobile 10GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 15GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 1GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 2GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 3GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 4GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 6GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 8GB Shared Data Plan FreedomPop Unlimited Talk & Text 1GB FreedomPop Unlimited Talk & Text 500MB GIV Mobile The 20 Plan GIV Mobile The 25 Plan GIV Mobile The 30 Plan GIV Mobile The 40 Plan GIV Mobile The 60 Plan MetroPCS $40 Unlimited Talk, Text and Data MetroPCS $50 Unlimited Talk, Text and Data MetroPCS $60 Unlimited Talk, Text and Data Net10 Unlimited Talk, Text, Data Net10 Unlimited Talk, Text, Data Family (2+ Lines) Republic Refund Plan with 0.5 GB Republic Refund Plan with 1 GB Republic Refund Plan with 2 GB Republic Refund Plan with 3 GB Republic Refund Plan with 4 GB Republic Refund Plan with 5 GB Republic Wireless $10 Plan Republic Wireless $25 Plan Republic Wireless $40 Plan Republic Wireless $5 Plan (WiFi Only) Republic Wireless Base Plan ROK Mobile Ultimate Unlimited Scratch Wireless Free Plan Scratch Wireless Free Plan + $1.99 Voice Pass Scratch Wireless Free Plan + $14.99 Voice Pass Scratch Wireless Free Plan + $6.99 Voice Pass Solavei Prepaid Unlimited Sprint $60 Unlimited Plan Sprint All-In Wireless Smartphone + Unlimited Sprint Family Share Pack 10GB Sprint Family Share Pack 12GB Sprint Family Share Pack 16GB Sprint Family Share Pack 1GB Sprint Family Share Pack 20GB Sprint Family Share Pack 2GB Sprint Family Share Pack 32GB Sprint Family Share Pack 40GB Sprint Family Share Pack 4GB Sprint Family Share Pack 60GB Sprint Family Share Pack 8GB Sprint Prepaid $60 Unlimited Talk, Text & Data Sprint Prepaid Unlimited Voice and Texting Sprint Simply Unlimited Plan for iPhone 6 & iPhone 6 Plus Sprint Unlimited My All-In Sprint Unlimited My Way Sprint Unlimited My Way Family Straight Talk All You Need Straight Talk Unlimited T-Mobile Simple Choice T-Mobile Simple Choice Family (Includes 2+ Lines) T-Mobile Simple Starter Plan T-Mobile Simply Prepaid T-Mobile Unlimited Talk and Text T-Mobile Unlimited Web and Text TextNow Wireless Grande Plan TextNow Wireless Quattro Plan TextNow Wireless Tall Plan TextNow Wireless Venti Plan The Verizon Plan - 100GB The Verizon Plan - 20GB The Verizon Plan - 25GB The Verizon Plan - 30GB The Verizon Plan - 40GB The Verizon Plan - 50GB The Verizon Plan - 60GB The Verizon Plan - 80GB The Verizon Plan - L The Verizon Plan - M The Verizon Plan - S The Verizon Plan - XL The Verizon Plan - XXL Ting L Plan Ting M Plan Ting S Plan Ting XL Plan TracFone 120 Minutes Pay As You Go Plan TracFone 200 Minutes Pay As You Go Plan TracFone 450 Minutes Pay As You Go Plan US Mobile 100 Mins Talk US Mobile 1000 Mins Talk US Mobile 2000 Mins Talk US Mobile 250 Mins Talk US Mobile 500 Mins Talk Verizon 100GB More Everything Verizon 10GB More Everything Verizon 14GB More Everything Verizon 15GB More Everything Verizon 16GB More Everything Verizon 20GB More Everything Verizon 2GB More Everything Verizon 30GB More Everything Verizon 40GB More Everything Verizon 4GB More Everything Verizon 500MB More Everything Verizon 50GB More Everything Verizon 60GB More Everything Verizon 80GB More Everything Verizon 8GB More Everything Verizon Prepaid Smartphone Plan Verizon Wireless Smartphone Single Line Plan Virgin Mobile payLo 1500 Talk & Text Virgin Mobile payLo 400 Minutes Virgin Mobile payLo Unlimited Talk & Text Virgin Mobile Unlimited + International + Extra Virgin Mobile Unlimited + More Data Virgin Mobile Unlimited Everything + International. Select the amount of total data you need for the entire plan.. For example, if you need 2 lines with 1 GB of data each, you would select 2 GB of data with the data slider below.. - Any - 0 5KB 50MB 30MB 100MB 150MB 200MB 250MB 300MB 400MB 500MB 600MB 700MB 800MB 900MB 1GB 1.5GB 2GB 2.5GB 3GB 4GB 5GB 6GB 7GB 8GB 10GB 12GB 14GB 15GB 16GB 18GB 20GB 25GB 30GB 32GB 35GB 40GB 50GB 60GB 80GB 100GB 120GB Unlimited. 1 Verizon wraps up LTE rollout; plans all-VoIP phone launch for late 2014 gigaom.com. 0 Cloudsweeper tells you how much your Gmail is worth to a hacker geek.com. 0 Google Lat Long: Google Earth 7.1 for Android and iOS, now with Street View google-latlong.blogspot.com. 0 Pink Floyd: Pandora’s Internet radio royalty ripoff usatoday.com. Register | Lost your password?. A password will be e-mailed to you.. Log in | Lost your password?. 
BLU R2 Plus The easiest way to keep your BLU R2 Plus safe against chafes, dirt, dust, grime and everyday wear damage is by using an IQ Shield protector. Each protector is precisely designed for your BLU R2 Plus to make certain that all of the required openings are incorporated to keep your device fully operational. The high quality protective film also features a protective UV layer that prevents the protector from turning yellow, allowing it to remain crystal clear. Each protector is invisible to the naked eye and the smooth surface makes it give the impression as if no protector is installed. Each protector can be easily installed and removed just as easily without ever leaving any residue or marks that will damage your device. Included with every IQ Shield protector pack for the BLU R2 Plus is an installation squeegee, a microfiber cleansing cloth, a protector for your device, and a set of detailed instructions to assist you through your installation. All IQ Shield protectors are backed by a lifetime warranty that will replace your protector free of charge should it ever wear or need to be replaced.. BLU R2 Plus LiQuid Shield Screen Protector. BLU R2 Plus LiQuid Shield Full Body Skin Protector. BLU R2 Plus Matte Screen Protector. BLU R2 Plus Matte Full Body Skin Protector. Amazon Apple BlackBerry HTC Huawei Google Kyocera LG Motorola Nokia Samsung Sony ZTE OTHER BRANDS. Amazon E-Books Amazon Phones Amazon Tablets Amazon Set-Top Boxes Amazon Speakers. Apple Laptops Apple mp3 Players Apple Phones Apple Tablets Apple Miscellaneous Apple Watches. HTC Phones HTC Tablets HTC Watches. Huawei Phones Huawei Tablets Huawei Watches. Google Laptops Google Phones Google Tablets Google Misc. LG Phones LG Tablets LG Watches LG Laptops. Motorola Phones Motorola Tablets Motorola Watches. Nokia Phones Nokia Tablets Nokia Watches. Samsung Cameras Samsung Laptops Samsung mp3 Players Samsung Phones Samsung Tablets Samsung Watches Samsung 3D Glasses. Sony Cameras Sony E-Books Sony Laptops Sony Phones Sony Tablets Sony Watches Sony PlayStation Sony PlayStation Portable. ZTE Phones ZTE Tablets ZTE Watches. 
we're sorry, but you appear to be a bot and we've seen too many requests. we enforce a hard speed limit on requests that appear to come. if you are not a bot but are spoofing one via your browser's user agent. string: please change your user agent string to avoid seeing this message. please wait 5 second(s) and try again.. as a reminder to developers, we recommend that clients make no. request every two seconds to avoid seeing this message.. 
Welcome, visitor! [ Register | Login ]. Post ROM Home Categories Gapps & APK & Tools & Tuto Contact us Donate. * Search Rom - Gapps-Tools-Tuto - OTHERS ACER Advan Alcatel Allview Archos Asus Avvio Azumi Blackview Blu BLUBOO Cherry Mobile Condor COOLPAD. CUBOT DEXP DOOGEE Elephone Evercoss FLY GFIVE GIONEE HAIER HDC Hisense HTC HUAWEI InnJoo Intex JIAYU Karbonn. Landvo LAVA Leagoo LeEco LENOVO LG M-Horse Meizu MICROMAX MOTOROLA OPPO ORRO Oukitel Prestigio QMobile Real 1:1 SAMSUNG. SONY ERICSSON Spreadtrum Symphony TCL THL Ulefone Umidigi Verykool VIVO Vkworld Walton X-BO XIAOMI XOLO XTOUCH ZOPO ZTE. Home » Blu » BLU R2 Plus. Title: BLU R2 Plus Listed: 02/06/2018 2:15 pm ROM Version: ROM Android 7.0. You must be logged for ROM download.. Overall Rating : 2. Listed by: hanuma50 Member Since: 04/23/2013 Private Message: Contact Me. ROM Mobile BLU R2 Plus (R0190WW) – ROM Android 7.0. No Rooted Language support : Multilang. Install ROM : - Unpack FlashTools, and Click on Flash_tool.exe - Select "scatter-Loading" and search MT6753_Android_scatter.txt in ROM - Wait file to be added into Flash Tool - Select "Download Only" or if upgrade "Firmware upgrade" - Turn off your phone, remove the battery (if the battery is removable) and replace it after some seconds (and don't turn on the phone). - Press “Download” button to start - and connect your phone into the computer via USB data cable. - The process will start and a red progress bar will appear after color purple, yellow. - And green circles display - Finish ! - You can now safely disconnect your phone and turn it on.. ※Please make a backup of your device before installing or updating ROM. You must be logged in to post a comment.. 
FREE SHIPPING TO THE UNITED STATES. Skinomi TechSkin™ for BLU R2 Plus. Home // Shop By Category // Cell Phones // BLU // BLU R2 Plus. Skinomi.com provides BLU R2 Plus accessories and protective solutions. Our arsenal of protective films offer a durable alternative to bulky BLU R2 Plus hard cases. These films include BLU R2 Plus Screen Protectors and BLU R2 Plus Skin Protectors. TechSkin is the best solution for maximum scratch protection for your device. It is the toughest scratch protection film in the world made of the same material used to protect luxury cars, military aircrafts and NASA space shuttles. TechSkin has the ability to resist some of the highest level of abrasion combined with "self healing" capabilities. This advancement in protection technology will keep your BLU R2 Plus looking new and stunning. Skinomi prides itself as a provider of top quality products that entail impeccable customer service. We are committed to exceed our customers' expectations with our product innovation, fast order processing, and unrivaled support. Through constant research and development, our team is dedicated in bringing you the best BLU R2 Plus Screen Protector and BLU R2 Plus Skin Protector in the market.. itemId=sk32698-r2-plus-phone-screen-protector|~|priceRange=1|~|color=|~|size=|~|orderable=T|~|call-to-order=|~|call-for-price=|~|hasOptions=F|~|isOrganic=F|~|isNew=F|~|bestseller=|~|name=BLU R2 Plus TechSkin Screen Protector|~|brand=|~|rating=0|~|ratingCount=0|~|price=7.85|~|priceReg=7.85|~|priceSale=|~|image=https://sep.yimg.com/ay/yhst-38148694942392/blu-r2-plus-techskin-screen-protector-20.gif BLU R2 Plus TechSkin Screen Protector. itemId=sk32699-r2-plus-phone-skin-protector|~|priceRange=1|~|color=|~|size=|~|orderable=T|~|call-to-order=|~|call-for-price=|~|hasOptions=F|~|isOrganic=F|~|isNew=F|~|bestseller=|~|name=BLU R2 Plus TechSkin Full Body Skin Protector|~|brand=|~|rating=0|~|ratingCount=0|~|price=15.95|~|priceReg=15.95|~|priceSale=|~|image=https://sep.yimg.com/ay/yhst-38148694942392/blu-r2-plus-techskin-full-body-skin-protector-36.gif BLU R2 Plus TechSkin Full Body Skin Protector. itemId=sk32700-r2-plus-phone-black-carbon-protector|~|priceRange=1|~|color=|~|size=|~|orderable=T|~|call-to-order=|~|call-for-price=|~|hasOptions=F|~|isOrganic=F|~|isNew=F|~|bestseller=|~|name=BLU R2 Plus TechSkin Black Carbon Fiber Skin|~|brand=|~|rating=0|~|ratingCount=0|~|price=15.95|~|priceReg=15.95|~|priceSale=|~|image=https://sep.yimg.com/ay/yhst-38148694942392/blu-r2-plus-techskin-black-carbon-fiber-skin-36.gif BLU R2 Plus TechSkin Black Carbon Fiber Skin. itemId=sk32701-r2-plus-phone-silver-carbon-protector|~|priceRange=1|~|color=|~|size=|~|orderable=T|~|call-to-order=|~|call-for-price=|~|hasOptions=F|~|isOrganic=F|~|isNew=F|~|bestseller=|~|name=BLU R2 Plus TechSkin Silver Carbon Fiber Skin|~|brand=|~|rating=0|~|ratingCount=0|~|price=15.95|~|priceReg=15.95|~|priceSale=|~|image=https://sep.yimg.com/ay/yhst-38148694942392/blu-r2-plus-techskin-silver-carbon-fiber-skin-36.gif BLU R2 Plus TechSkin Silver Carbon Fiber Skin. itemId=sk32702-r2-plus-phone-gold-carbon-protector|~|priceRange=1|~|color=|~|size=|~|orderable=T|~|call-to-order=|~|call-for-price=|~|hasOptions=F|~|isOrganic=F|~|isNew=F|~|bestseller=|~|name=BLU R2 Plus TechSkin Gold Carbon Fiber Skin|~|brand=|~|rating=0|~|ratingCount=0|~|price=15.95|~|priceReg=15.95|~|priceSale=|~|image=https://sep.yimg.com/ay/yhst-38148694942392/blu-r2-plus-techskin-gold-carbon-fiber-skin-36.gif BLU R2 Plus TechSkin Gold Carbon Fiber Skin. itemId=sk32703-r2-plus-phone-pink-carbon-protector|~|priceRange=1|~|color=|~|size=|~|orderable=T|~|call-to-order=|~|call-for-price=|~|hasOptions=F|~|isOrganic=F|~|isNew=F|~|bestseller=|~|name=BLU R2 Plus TechSkin Pink Carbon Fiber Skin|~|brand=|~|rating=0|~|ratingCount=0|~|price=15.95|~|priceReg=15.95|~|priceSale=|~|image=https://sep.yimg.com/ay/yhst-38148694942392/blu-r2-plus-techskin-pink-carbon-fiber-skin-36.gif BLU R2 Plus TechSkin Pink Carbon Fiber Skin. itemId=sk32704-r2-plus-phone-dark-wood-protector|~|priceRange=1|~|color=|~|size=|~|orderable=T|~|call-to-order=|~|call-for-price=|~|hasOptions=F|~|isOrganic=F|~|isNew=F|~|bestseller=|~|name=BLU R2 Plus TechSkin Dark Wood Skin|~|brand=|~|rating=0|~|ratingCount=0|~|price=15.95|~|priceReg=15.95|~|priceSale=|~|image=https://sep.yimg.com/ay/yhst-38148694942392/blu-r2-plus-techskin-dark-wood-skin-36.gif BLU R2 Plus TechSkin Dark Wood Skin. itemId=sk32705-r2-plus-phone-light-wood-protector|~|priceRange=1|~|color=|~|size=|~|orderable=T|~|call-to-order=|~|call-for-price=|~|hasOptions=F|~|isOrganic=F|~|isNew=F|~|bestseller=|~|name=BLU R2 Plus TechSkin Light Wood Skin|~|brand=|~|rating=0|~|ratingCount=0|~|price=15.95|~|priceReg=15.95|~|priceSale=|~|image=https://sep.yimg.com/ay/yhst-38148694942392/blu-r2-plus-techskin-light-wood-skin-36.gif BLU R2 Plus TechSkin Light Wood Skin. itemId=sk32706-r2-plus-phone-brushed-steel-protector|~|priceRange=1|~|color=|~|size=|~|orderable=T|~|call-to-order=|~|call-for-price=|~|hasOptions=F|~|isOrganic=F|~|isNew=F|~|bestseller=|~|name=BLU R2 Plus TechSkin Brushed Steel Skin|~|brand=|~|rating=0|~|ratingCount=0|~|price=15.95|~|priceReg=15.95|~|priceSale=|~|image=https://sep.yimg.com/ay/yhst-38148694942392/blu-r2-plus-techskin-brushed-steel-skin-36.gif BLU R2 Plus TechSkin Brushed Steel Skin. itemId=sk32707-r2-plus-phone-brushed-aluminum-protector|~|priceRange=1|~|color=|~|size=|~|orderable=T|~|call-to-order=|~|call-for-price=|~|hasOptions=F|~|isOrganic=F|~|isNew=F|~|bestseller=|~|name=BLU R2 Plus TechSkin Brushed Aluminum Skin|~|brand=|~|rating=0|~|ratingCount=0|~|price=15.95|~|priceReg=15.95|~|priceSale=|~|image=https://sep.yimg.com/ay/yhst-38148694942392/blu-r2-plus-techskin-brushed-aluminum-skin-36.gif BLU R2 Plus TechSkin Brushed Aluminum Skin. itemId=sk32698-matte-r2-plus-phone-screen-protector|~|priceRange=1|~|color=|~|size=|~|orderable=T|~|call-to-order=|~|call-for-price=|~|hasOptions=F|~|isOrganic=F|~|isNew=F|~|bestseller=|~|name=BLU R2 Plus MatteSkin Screen Protector|~|brand=|~|rating=0|~|ratingCount=0|~|price=7.85|~|priceReg=7.85|~|priceSale=|~|image=https://sep.yimg.com/ay/yhst-38148694942392/blu-r2-plus-matteskin-screen-protector-20.gif BLU R2 Plus MatteSkin Screen Protector. itemId=sk32699-matte-r2-plus-phone-skin-protector|~|priceRange=1|~|color=|~|size=|~|orderable=T|~|call-to-order=|~|call-for-price=|~|hasOptions=F|~|isOrganic=F|~|isNew=F|~|bestseller=|~|name=BLU R2 Plus MatteSkin Full Body Skin Protector|~|brand=|~|rating=0|~|ratingCount=0|~|price=15.95|~|priceReg=15.95|~|priceSale=|~|image=https://sep.yimg.com/ay/yhst-38148694942392/blu-r2-plus-matteskin-full-body-skin-protector-30.gif BLU R2 Plus MatteSkin Full Body Skin Protector. Our Latest Designs: Nokia Lumia 635/630 , LG G2 Mini , Samsung Gear Live , LG G Watch , Pantech Vybe , Alacatel OneTouch POP 7 , Samsung Galaxy Tab S 10.5 , Samsung Galaxy Tab S 8.4 , OnePlus One , Microsoft Surface Pro 3 , Kyocera Hydro Icon. Cell Phones Tablets & E-Readers MP3 Players Gaming Devices Wrist Watches Digital Cameras GPS Laptops Mice & Keyboards Miscellaneous Devices Carbon Fiber Skins Natural Wood Skins Brushed Metal Skins TECH GLASS iPhone X Google Pixel 2 Google Pixel 2 XL Galaxy S8 Plus (S8+) Galaxy S8 Fire 7 (2017, Kids Edition Compatible) Nintendo Switch ZTE Quartz (SmartWatch) HTC U11 Fitbit Blaze LG G6 Apple iPhone 7 Plus Fitbit Charge 2 Garmin Vivoactive HR iPad Pro 12.9 (2017) Fitbit Alta HR Apple iPad (9.7",2017) Samsung Gear S3 Frontier (SM-R760,46mm) LG V20 Samsung Galaxy S7 Blackberry KEYone BlackBerry DTEK50 Apple Watch 42mm Series 2 Apple Watch Series 2 38mm OnePlus 5 Galaxy J7 (2017, US Version) Moto Z2 Play Samsung Galaxy J5 (2017) Huawei Watch 2 Sport Garmin Fenix 5x. Please Select Acer Aiptek Airo Wireless Altek Amazon Alcatel Apple Archos Arnova Asus Audiovox Barnes And Noble BenQ Siemens BlackBerry Canon Casio Cisco Creative Cricket Danger Hiptop Dell DigiLife D-Link DoCoMo Epson Eten Flip Fujifilm Garmin GE General Mobile Gigabyte Gigaware Glofiish Handspring Hasselblad Helio HP HTC Huawei iFOE i-Mate INQ JVC Kobo Kodak Konica Kyocera Latte Leica Lenovo LG Magellan Microsoft Mio Motorola MSI Nikon Nintendo Nokia O2 Olympus Openmoko Orange Palm Panasonic PanDigital Pantech Pentax Pocket PC Polaroid Qwest Ricoh Samsung Sanyo Saygus Sealife Sharp Siemens SK Telesys Sky Slacker Sony Sony Ericsson Terrestar Toshiba UTStarcom Velocity Micro Vertu Verzo ViewBook ViewSonic Vizio Uncategorized ZTE. Join Our Mailing List & Stay Up-to-Date. Get Exclusive Offers & New Product Updates.. Website design by Solid Cactus. 
OPPO Claim Centers in Pakistan – OFFICIAL. Sony Xperia Official Stores in Pakistan. Sony to launch Xperia XA2, XA2 Ultra, and Xperia L2 in Pakistan. Huawei Honor 9 Lite Review, Features, Price & Specs. Huawei Honor 5C Pro Review, Price, Specs & Features. OPPO Claim Centers in Pakistan – OFFICIAL. Sony Xperia Official Stores in Pakistan. Sony to launch Xperia XA2, XA2 Ultra, and Xperia L2 in Pakistan. Huawei Honor 9 Lite Review, Features, Price & Specs. Huawei Honor 5C Pro Review, Price, Specs & Features. Mobiles / BLU R2 Plus. CPU : Octa-core 1.3 GHz. Camera : Dual 13/13 MP. OS : Android 7.0 (Nougat). BLU R2 Plus - Price and Specification. BLU R2 Plus, BLU R2+, BLU R0190WW. Design Type called form factor refers to a mobile phone's size, shape, and style as well as the layout and position of major components of phone. There are three major form factors seen in mobile phones => bar phones, folding phones and sliding phones. 155.7 x 77 x 9.2 mm. SIM (Subscriber Identity Module) is a small card that contains mobile network subscriber's account information. This allows the phone using the card to attach to a mobile network. The SIM card is most commonly associated with GSM and UMTS mobile networks. Moving a SIM card from one phone to another allows a subscriber to switch mobile phones without having to contact their mobile network carrier. SIM cards can also be used by a phone to store limited amounts of data, such as phone numbers and text messages. Yes, GSM 850 / 900 / 1800 / 1900. Yes, HSDPA 850 / 900 / 1900 / 2100. Display Technology => A number of display technologies and types used in mobile phones => TFT (Thin Film Transistor), IPS (In-Place Switching), OLED (Organic Light Emitting Diode), AMOLED (Active-Matrix Organic Light-Emitting Diode), Super AMOLED (an even advanced version of AMOLED), Resistive Touchscreen (Resistive touchscreens contain two layer of conductive material with a very small gap between them which acts as a resistance), Capacitive Touchsceen (Capacitive touchscreen technology consists of a layer of glass coated with a transparent conductor). Display Colors is refers to the number of different shades of colors that the screen is capable of displaying => 64K colors, 256K colors and 16 million colors, Obviously 16M is highest available range of colors and better than others. Pixel Density (PPI) is refers to the concentration of pixels on a particular display, measured in pixels per inch (ppi). Pixel density is calculated by dividing the diagonal pixel resolution of a display by its diagonal size, higher pixel density better display quality. Display Protection => Gorilla Glass is a special alkali-aluminosilicate glass shield with exceptional damage resistance that helps protect mobile displays from scratches, drops, and bumps of everyday use, It is always better to go for a smartphone with Gorilla Glass for that added protection and peace of mind.. Camera is able to capture photographs and usually videos, The most important characteristics of a camera are the resolution (measured in megapixels), lens focus type (fixed or automatic), higher megapixel cameras are known to capture higher quality photos, but not always a good measurement of the photos quality. Flash Light => There is commonly two types of flash lights are used in camera mobile phones, LED Flash (LED flash offers lower power consumption with drive circuitry that takes up very little room, LEDs can be strobed faster than any other light source), Xenon Flash (xenon flash produces an extremely intense full-spectrum white light for a very short duration). Phase detection autofocus, dual-LED dual-tone flash, Geo-tagging, touch focus, face detection, HDR. OS => Every computer system run on a base software called Operating System (OS). Operating System controls all basic operations of the computer (such as smartphone, PDAs, tablet computers and other handheld devices). The Operating System allows the user to install and run third party applications (apps), apps are used to add new functionality to the device. Java for Mobile Devices is a set of technologies that let developers deliver applications and services to all types of mobile handsets, ranging from price efficient feature-phones to the latest smartphones. Java is currently running on over 3 billion phones worldwide, and growing. It offers unrivaled potential for the distribution and monetization of mobile applications. Youtube is a popular free video-sharing website, Youtube is the largest video sharing site in the world, Millions of users around the world have created accounts on the site that allow them to upload videos that anyone can watch. Facebook is a popular free social networking website that allows registered users to create profiles, upload photos and video, send messages and keep in touch with friends, family and colleagues. The site is available in 37 different languages.. Chipset is a group of integrated circuits designed to perform one or a more dedicated functions, often with real time computing constraints, Popular smartphones are equipped with more advanced embedded chipsets that can do many different tasks depending on their programming. CPU (Central Processing Unit) mostly known as processors, CPU processes instructions in order to carry out certain functions that make your device operate properly. Processors are often described as the brain of computers, smartphones and tablets, Smartphones and tablets rely on processors to carry out their every task, Processors are an incredibly important factor in selecting any type of computing device, including your smartphone. GPU (Graphics Processing Unit) is a single-chip processor designed to rapidly manipulate and alter memory to accelerate the creation of images in a frame buffer intended for output to a display, This includes things such as lighting effects, object transformations, and 3D motion. RAM (Random Access Memory) is a type of computer memory that can be accessed randomly, any byte of memory can be accessed without touching the preceding bytes that allows information to be stored and accessed quickly from random locations. RAM is the most common type of memory found in computer systems, smartphones, tablets and other electronic devices. Internal Storage is a data storage space (flash memory) mostly used in smartphones, tablets and other electronic devices where operating system, apps, music, photos, videos, files and other user data Is stored. Memory Card Slot is a special slot for inserting a memory card. Memory cards allow you to expand the phone's built-in memory, A memory card (sometimes called a flash memory card or a storage card) is a small storage medium used to store data such as text, pictures, audio, and video, for use on small, portable or remote computing devices such as mobile phones, mp3 players, digital cameras. Sensors are electronic components that detects and responds to some type of input from the physical environment. The specific input could be light, heat, motion, moisture, pressure and location, The output is generally a signal that is converted to use in computing systems, a location sensor, such as a GPS receiver is able to detect current location of your electronic device.. Bluetooth is a wireless communications technology for exchanging data between mobile phones, headsets, computers and other network devices over short distances without wires, Bluetooth technology was primarily designed to support simple wireless networking of personal consumer devices. Infrared connectivity is an old wireless technology used to connect two electronic devices. It uses a beam of infrared light to transmit information and so requires direct line of sight and operates only at close range. Wi-Fi is a popular wireless networking technology using radio waves to provide high-speed network connections that allows devices to communicate without cords or cables, Wi-Fi is increasingly becoming the preferred mode of internet connectivity all over the world. GPS The Global Positioning System is a satellite-based radio navigation system, GPS permits users to determine their position, velocity and the time 24 hours a day, in all weather, anywhere in the world, In order to locate your position, your device or GPS receiver must have a clear view of the sky. NFC (Near field communication) is a set of standards for smartphones and similar devices to establish peer-to-peer radio communications with each other by touching them together or bringing them into proximity, usually no more than a few inches. HDMI (High-Definition Multimedia Interface) is a compact audio/video interface for transferring uncompressed video data and compressed or uncompressed digital audio data from a HDMI-compliant source device to a compatible computer monitor, video projector, digital television, or digital audio device. Wireless Charging (Inductive Charging) uses an electromagnetic field to transfer energy between two objects. This is usually done with a charging station. Energy is sent through an inductive coupling to an electrical device, which can then use that energy to charge batteries or run the device. GPRS (General Packet Radio Service) is a packet oriented mobile data service on the 2G and 3G cellular communication system's global system for mobile communications (GSM), Generally, GPRS is used for the purpose of wireless data transfer, such as sharing pictures and videos or browsing the Internet via a mobile phone connection. EDGE (Enhanced Data GSM Environment) is a wireless network technology generally considered the next step in the 2G network offers data transfer rates up to four times faster than ordinary GSM networks, Generally, EDGE is used for the purpose of wireless data transfer, such as sharing pictures and videos or browsing the Internet via a mobile phone connection. Web Browser => a web browser is a software application used to locate, retrieve and display content on the World Wide Web, including Web pages, images, video and other files, The primary function of a web browser is to render HTML, the code used to design or markup webpages.. HSPA 42.2/11.5 Mbps, LTE Cat4 150/50 Mbps. SMS (Short Messaging Service) is a text messaging service component of phone, Web, or mobile communication systems. It uses standardized communications protocols to allow mobile phone devices to exchange short text messages over the networks. MMS (Multimedia Messaging Service) is a standard way to send messages that include multimedia content (audio clips, video clips and images) to and from mobile phones over wireless networks using the WAP protocol. Email (Electronic Mail) is a system for receiving, sending, and storing electronic messages, Similar to a letter, email is text messages that may contain files, images, or other attachments sent via the internet to a recipient by using applications and software prograps. An email address is required to receive email, and that address is unique to the user. IM (Instant Messaging) is an exchange of text messages through a software application, it enable you to create a kind of private chat room with another individual in order to communicate in real time over the Internet.. Battery Type => Cell phones run on various kinds of batteries depending on the manufacturer, phone size or shape and features. There are basically four types of cell phone batteries => Lithium Polymer, Lithium Ion, Nickel Metal Hydride and Nickel Cadmium. Battery Capacity is a measure (typically in Amp-hr) of the charge stored by the battery, and is determined by the mass of active material contained in the battery. The battery capacity represents the maximum amount of energy that can be extracted from the battery under certain conditions. The overall rating is based on the review by our experts.. Be the first to add a Review. What do you feel about Design and build quality of this device?. Screen size, image quality (brightness, colors, contrast, etc), visibility in sun light, angles of view and touchscreen. Usability of Camera interface, image and video quality in different light conditions and environment. Music and video players, playback quality, speaker sound and handsfree options. What do you feel about the features of this device, is these enough for you in everyday life?. Bluetooth, Wi-fi connectivity, data trnasfer speed, internet browsing and interfaces. When you call someone, what is the voice quality you hear or vice versa, is speakerphone working good during calls. What do you feel about usability and speed of UI (user interface), messaging, calling, contacts management, call history, notifications and internet browsing?. Is this device perform good while watching videos, playing games, taking snapshots, browsing internet and navigate through other applications?. What about battery life, while calling, listening music, watching videos, playing games and doing other tasks. 6 / 10 based on your selection. Please post a user review only if you have / had this product.. We provide you with the latest news, reviews, comparison, price and videos straight from the mobile world.. OPPO Claim Centers in Pakistan – OFFICIAL. Sony Xperia Official Stores in Pakistan. Sony to launch Xperia XA2, XA2 Ultra, and Xperia L2 in.... POPULAR CATEGORY News 313 Local 276 Global 235 Trending 223 Social 46 Reviews 8. OPPO Claim Centers in Pakistan – OFFICIAL. 
The next video is starting stop. Unsubscribe from DUD /De Unieke Dagen?. Want to watch this again later?. Sign in to add this video to a playlist.. Sign in to report inappropriate content.. Sign in to make your opinion count.. Sign in to make your opinion count.. Rating is available when the video has been rented.. This feature is not available right now. NETWORKTechnologyGSM / HSPA / LTELAUNCHAnnounced2017, JulyStatusAvailable. Released 2017, JulyBODYDimensions150.3 x 74.3 x 9.6 mm (5.92 x 2.93 x 0.38 in)Weight156 g (5.50 oz)SIMDual SIM (Micro-SIM)DISPLAYTypeIPS LCD capacitive touchscreen, 16M colorsSize5.2 inches, 74.5 cm2. (~66.8% screen-to-body ratio)Resolution720 x 1280 pixels, 16:9 ratio (~282 ppi density)MultitouchYesPLATFORMOSAndroid 7.0 (Nougat)ChipsetMediatek MT6737CPUQuad-core 1.3 GHz Cortex-A53GPUMali-T720MEMORYCard slotmicroSD, up to 64 GBInternal16 GB, 2 GB RAM or 32 GB, 3 RAMCAMERAPrimary13 MP, dual-LED (dual tone) flashFeaturesGeo-tagging, touch focus, face detectionVideo720p@30fpsSecondary13 MP, dual-LED (dual tone) flashSOUNDAlert typesVibration; MP3, WAV ringtonesLoudspeakerYes3.5mm jackYesCOMMSWLANWi-Fi 802.11 b/g/n, hotspotBluetooth4.0, A2DPGPSYes, with A-GPSRadioFM radioUSBmicroUSB 2.0FEATURESSensorsFingerprint (rear-mounted), accelerometer, proximity, compassMessagingSMS(threaded view), MMS, Email, Push Email, IMBrowserHTML5JavaNo. - MP4/H.264 player - MP3/eAAC+/WAV/Flac player - Document viewer - Photo/video editorBATTERY. Non-removable Li-Po 3000 mAh batteryStand-byUp to 725 h (2G) / Up to 625 h (3G)Talk timeUp to 26 h (2G) / Up to 16 h (3G)MISCColorsBlack, Gold, Rose Gold, Silver Blu bold like us. Creative Commons Attribution license (reuse allowed). When autoplay is enabled, a suggested video will automatically play next.. BLU R2 LTE (16 + 2GB) | Unboxing & First Impressions. BLU R2 LTE Unboxing | Especificaciones. BLU Life One X2 Mini Review. BLU R2 LTE Speed Test: Which Is Faster?. Blu R2 Plus - 48 Hr. Impressions - Available for $130 for a limited time!. The BLU R2 & R2 LTE:Specs. BLU R2 - 4G LTE Review Unlocked Smartphone - 16GB + 2GB RAM -Black. BLU S1 - Unboxing And Review $129. Is a $60 Smartphone Worth It?. BLU Vivo XL2 Unboxing and First Impressions. BLU Life Max Unboxing and First Impressions. BLU S1 - new mobile | Android smartphone | Full specifications or features,review.. Sign in to add this to Watch Later. 
MENU NEW PHONES 2018 BEST PHONES NETWORKS PHONES BY CATEGORY PHONE CHOOSER. Most Popular The Best Phones In 2018 New And Upcoming 2018 Phones in Pictures Don't choose the wrong phone: Let us find your 3 best phones By Mobile Network AT&T Sprint T-Mobile Verizon Wireless All U.S. Networks Canada Networks UK Networks Cell Phones Samsung LG HTC Smartphones BLU Sony Google Nokia Motorola BlackBerry Alcatel ZTE Apple (iPhone) Kyocera Huawei Lenovo Micromax Oppo Acer Asus (+) Much more brands... 7 Additional Pictures Pros And Cons Best Phones As Of February 2018 (12 Categories) See New BLU Phones 2018 In Pictures. Key Specs Processing features 8-core 1.3GHz MediaTek 6753 with 3GB of RAM Display details 1920 x 1080 (400DPI) 5.5-inch screen Imaging 13-megapixel main / 13-megapixel selfie / 1920 x 1080-pixel camcorder Release date Oct 31, 2017 Camera Details Camera Resolution 13-megapixel Camera flash LED Camera Optics 5P lens Max Video Resolution 1920 x 1080 px Video frames per second 30 SELFIE CAMERA Selfie Cam Resolution 13-megapixel Selfie flash LED Aperture f/2.0 Display Display size 5.5 inches Display dots per inch 400 DPI Display Resolution 1920 x 1080 px Display's superficy 12.93 square inches Display's superficy (metric) 328.42 square mm Display finish Curved glass Display total pixels 2073600 Performance Operating System Android 7.0 Nougat Processor MediaTek 6753 CPU Cores 8 CPU architecture 64-bit Processor Speed 1.3GHz RAM 3GB Graphic Processor (GPU) Mali-T720 Physical Features Weight (grams) 167 g Thickness (metric) 9.2 mm Width (metric) 77 mm Height (metric) 155.3 mm Grams per cubic cm 0.15 g/cu cm Available colors Black Gold Included Accessories Protective case Screen protector Connectivity Base technology GSM (850/900/1800/1900MHz) 3G Networks 3G (850/900/1700/1900/2100MHz) 4G Networks LTE (1/2/3/4/7/12/17/28) SIM card type Micro SIM (Dual) Wi-Fi Yes Bluetooth Technology 4.0 USB class Micro USB v2.0 Mobile hotspot Yes Storage Memory Memory 32GB Memory Expansion microSD Expansion Limit up to 64GB Battery Life Stand-by Time 720 hours (30 days) Battery Power 3000mAh mAh per gram 18 mAh/g mAh per mm thick 326 mAh/mm of thickness mAh per display square in. General Specs Sequel to BLU R1 Plus Manufacture product ID BLU R0190WW Other features Security features Encrypted Quick Access UPC code 848958033653 (Black; UPC for Gold unspecified as of review) Fingerprint detector Yes Finish Aluminum battery cover. This octa-core smartphone sports a large 6.01-inch Full Optic AMOLED display with a relatively-rare (as of its release) 18:9 aspect ratio and high-class color gamut support (sRGB/DCI-P3), and it comes with a hefty 128GB internal memory, probably to make up for its lack of an external memory card slot. Besides, it also sports one of the highest-resolution dual-rear-camera setups: a 16-megapixel primary camera accompanied by a 20-megapixel secondary cam.. While the R2 Plus awkwardly drops from its predecessor's 4000mAh power cap to 3000mAh, specs like a 13-megapixel LED-flash selfie cam and a 3GB RAM make it rather hard to overlook. Discover more of its pros and cons here. View all the recent and upcoming BLU phones.. You Should Also Check These Out:. * Specifications cannot be guaranteed accurate. Do a confirmation of the key specs before making a final choice. Cell phone makers do not always detail all their phone's functions, making it difficult for us to guess whether or not a specific cell phone has a specific function. If you spotted an inaccuracy in this description, please let us know as soon as possible.. Don't Be Selfish & Let Others Know... * Prices shown are only indicative. They were recently fetched by our system and may have changed meanwhile.. 
Blu R2 Plus Dual SIM LTE. MetroPCS Communications AT&T Mobility T-Mobile USA. MediaTek MT6753, 2015, 64 bit, octa-core, 28 nm, ARM Mali-T720 GPU. GSM850 , GSM900 , GSM1800 , GSM1900 , UMTS2100 (B1) , UMTS1900 (B2) , UMTS1700/2100 (B4) , UMTS850 (B5) , UMTS900 (B8) , LTE2100 (B1) , LTE1900 (B2) , LTE1800 (B3) , LTE1700/2100 (B4) , LTE2600 (B7) , LTE700 (B12) , LTE700 (B17) , LTE700 (B28). GPRS , EDGE , UMTS , HSUPA , HSUPA 11.5 , HSDPA , HSDPA 7.2 , HSPA+ 21.1 , DC-HSDPA 42.2 , LTE , LTE 50/25 , LTE 75/25 , LTE 100/50 , LTE 150/50. ANC , Speakerphone , Vibrate , Voice speaker , Voice transmission. TransFlash , microSD , microSDHC. USB charging , USB OTG 1.0. 802.11b , 802.11g , 802.11n. Simultaneous GPS , Geotagging , A-GPS , QuickGPS. HDR photo , Touch focus , Macro mode , Panorama Photo , Face detection , Face tagging. Face detection , Face tagging , Face retouch. Fingerprint sensor , Light sensor , Prox. Expand datasheet | Add to compare. Available at overseas Electronics - www.welectronics.com. New Google Android 7.0 (Nougat), MediaTek MT6737, 2.00 GiB RAM, 16.0 GB ROM, 720x1280, 5.2 inch, 13.0 MP cam, 13.0 MP sec. cam, 3000 mAh | All details | Add to compare. Blu R2 Dual SIM LTE EU 16GB R0150EE. New Google Android 7.0 (Nougat), MediaTek MT6737, 3.00 GiB RAM, 32.0 GB ROM, 720x1280, 5.2 inch, 13.0 MP cam, 13.0 MP sec. cam, 3000 mAh | All details | Add to compare. Blu R2 Global Dual SIM LTE 32GB R0170WW. New Google Android 7.0 (Nougat), MediaTek MT6753, 3.00 GiB RAM, 32.0 GB ROM, 1080x1920, 5.5 inch, 13.0 MP cam, 13.0 MP sec. cam, 5000 mAh | All details | Add to compare. Blu Life One X3 Dual SIM LTE. Google Android 7.0 (Nougat), MediaTek MT6753, 3.00 GiB RAM, 32.0 GB ROM, 720x1280, 5.3 inch, 13.0 MP cam, 20.0 MP sec. cam, 4000 mAh | All details | Add to compare. Blu Vivo 8L Dual SIM LTE. Google Android 7.0 (Nougat), MediaTek MT6750, 2.00 GiB RAM, 16.0 GB ROM, 720x1280, 5.2 inch, 12.8 MP cam, 5.0 MP sec. cam, 2800 mAh | All details | Add to compare. Blu S1 Dual SIM TD-LTE-A S0320WW. New Google Android 7.1.1 (Nougat), MediaTek MT6739, 2.00 GiB RAM, 16.0 GB ROM, 720x144, 5.5 inch, 12.0 MP cam, 8.0 MP sec. cam, 3000 mAh | All details | Add to compare. Blu V0270WW Vivo ONE Dual SIM LTE. Google Android 7.0 (Nougat), MediaTek MT6580, 1.00 GiB RAM, 8.0 GB ROM, 480x854, 5.2 inch, 5.0 MP cam, 5.0 MP sec. cam, 2600 mAh | All details | Add to compare. Blu Grand M2 Dual SIM LTE G190EQ / G190Q. New Google Android 7.0 (Nougat), MediaTek MT6737, 1.00 GiB RAM, 8.0 GB ROM, 480x854, 5 inch, 5.0 MP cam, 5.0 MP sec. cam, 2000 mAh | All details | Add to compare. Blu D0090WW Dash L5 LTE Dual SIM. New Google Android 7.0 (Nougat), MediaTek MT6737, 1.00 GiB RAM, 8.0 GB ROM, 480x800, 4 inch, 5.0 MP cam, 1.9 MP sec. cam, 1700 mAh | All details | Add to compare. Blu D0050UU Dash L4 LTE Dual SIM. Google Android 7.0 (Nougat), MediaTek MT6737, 1.00 GiB RAM, 8.0 GB ROM, 720x1280, 5.5 inch, 8.0 MP cam, 5.0 MP sec. cam, 2500 mAh | All details | Add to compare. Blu S0350WW Studio J8 LTE Dual SIM 8GB. Google Android 7.0 (Nougat), MediaTek MT6737, 2.00 GiB RAM, 16.0 GB ROM, 720x1280, 5.5 inch, 8.0 MP cam, 5.0 MP sec. cam, 2500 mAh | All details | Add to compare. Blu S0350WW Studio J8 LTE Dual SIM 16GB. Google Android 7.0 (Nougat), MediaTek MT6755 (Helio P10), 4.00 GiB RAM, 64.0 GB ROM, 1080x1920, 5.5 inch, 12.8 MP cam, 16.0 MP sec. cam, 4010 mAh | All details | Add to compare. Blu Vivo 8 Dual SIM LTE. Google Android 7.0 (Nougat), MediaTek MT6737T, 2.00 GiB RAM, 16.0 GB ROM, 720x1280, 5 inch, 8.0 MP cam, 5.0 MP sec. cam, 4300 mAh | All details | Add to compare. Blu Tank Xtreme Pro Dual SIM LTE T0010UU. Google Android 7.0 (Nougat), MediaTek MT6737, 1.00 GiB RAM, 8.0 GB ROM, 720x1280, 5 inch, 8.0 MP cam, 5.0 MP sec. cam, 2400 mAh | All details | Add to compare. Use the following link to refer to this datasheet:. Did you notice a typo on this datasheet? Click here to report and we will fix it.. You are here: Device Specs \ Blu R2 Plus Dual SIM LTE. Jump to top | Database Licensing | Contact | Banner & Text Link Advertising | Help | Sitemap | Privacy Policy (c) 2006 -2018 PhoneDB. | phonedb.net | pdadb.net | smartphonedb.net | smartphonedb.com | tabletdb.net | Phone Database Engine v3.0.00 (Sept 2016). 
