Sony Xperia XZ2 and Xperia XZ2 Compact go live with new…. LG V30S ThinQ arrives with an AI-powered camera, more RAM and…. Alcatel 3 Series will be offered in three variants. ZTE USA debuts Tempo Go as first Android Go phone for…. HUAWEI announces a 5G endpoint for telecom carries and the MediaPad…. All Accessory Reviews App Reviews Hardware Reviews Smartphone Reviews. UHANS Max 2 review: A mega-phablet that won’t break the bank. Seven astrology apps for those who want to know what fate…. Blu Vivo X review: Can you get a flagship experience for…. Seven self-help and motivation apps to channel your inner peace. Tricks, tips, and tweaks: 10 things every Pixel 2 absolutely must…. Five Android Oreo features you can install on any Android phone. Five ways to beef up your Instagram privacy. Nine tips & tricks to master Google Keep. How to disable personalized ads on Android. REVIEW OVERVIEW Design & Ergonomics Display Battery Life & Charging Camera Quality Sound Quality Performance Overall Value SUMMARY. The Vivo 8 showed up in this nice little box and as a collector of neat boxes for electronic devices, I was pleased. The BLU Vivo 8 features a soft gold metal back plate that looks great from any angle. While the overall design won’t turn any heads it will feel comfortable in most hands. Pressing the recent apps button brings up your apps and current memory usage which I found very informative. 154.3 mm x 76.5 mm x 8.3 mm. 13 Megapixel With AF and Dual-LED Flash. 16 Megapixel Front Camera with LED Flash. LTE CAT 6, USB-PC File Transfer, OTA Sync, Tethering, 802.11 b/g/n/ac Wi-Fi. Proximity, Accelerometer, Compass, Ambient Light, Front Fingerprint. microSD Card Slot, Micro USB Charge Port, 3.5mm Audio/Headphone Port, Power Button, Volume Up/Down, Microphone, Speakers. Metal Body Design, LTE Cat 6 300 Mbps Download, 50 Mbps Upload, PC File Transfer, 2.5D Curved Glass Screen, 802.11 Wi-Fi,. Bluetooth, GPS, OTA Sync, OTG Support, Tethering, Noise Cancellation, Hi-Fi Sound, Ergonomic Shell, Quick Charge Technology, 2A Charger. While some may consider the Vivo 8 a large smartphone, a child can easily use this device. The Vivo 8 has a vivid LCD screen that’s perfect for outdoor use on those bright, sunny days. The dual speakers at the bottom of the Vivo 8 get plenty loud and remain clear at any volume. The inclusion of two also prevents muffled sound from accidental blocking while holding the device. BLU is one of the most prevalent smartphone manufacturers on the planet right now. While most of the devices BLU creates are quite niche and not big-time sellers, there’s enough variety to cover all types of customer needs. Vivo line is generally considered among the premium lineup even though the specs and price aren’t in the same ballpark as Samsung’s, LG’s, HTC’s or Sony’s best smartphones.. BLU is targeting the budget-conscious consumer with the new Vivo 8 – customers that may be considering the Motorola G5 Plus or OnePlus Five. This device is launching at $299 USD but will be available at the promo price of $199 USD from August 31 to Septemer 1, 2017 on Amazon. This price point makes the Vivo 8 extremely competitive in the ever-growing budget market, but the overall design and specs make it a top consideration for anyone looking for a new unlocked phone.. Inside the box, BLU includes the Vivo 8 smartphone, earbud headphones, a power adapter, a micro-USB charging/data cable, a silicon protective case, a plastic screen protector, sim ejection tool, quick start guide and. Upon removing the phone from the box I was pleased with the overall feel of the Vivo 8. It’s not overly heavy or obtuse and feels balanced in the hand. While holding the Vivo 8 I felt as though the metal backing. was quite slippery and I immediately worried about dropping it. Thankfully BLU includes a silicon case that adds protection and some additional grip.. After just a few moments I had the Vivo 8 booted and completely set up – or so I thought. Once at the home-screen, I was completely lost. I’ve played with a lot of Android devices and my home-screen never looked quite like this. After a few minutes of tinkering, I discovered that BLU employs a unique overlay to the stock Android OS that lay hidden somewhere below this monstrosity of a UI.. Quick settings and toggles are at the bottom and accessed by swiping up. Notifications are still found by swiping down and look slightly different than stock Android, but are still completely functional. It all felt foreign at first glance with the strange icons, a wonky launcher and flip-flopped quick menus. Thankfully, this is Android and I was able to install a new launcher and icon pack as well as disable some basic BLU add-ons that were more annoying than helpful.. Any Android user can and will find the widgets, apps, features and particular settings that he or she likes – and I appreciated that BLU did not go overboard with some of the OS specific settings and overlays. This was a minor inconvenience but honestly my biggest gripe with the entire Vivo 8 experience.. After logging into my email, social media sites, and general user accounts, I felt at home on the Vivo 8. I have used Samsung Galaxy devices as my daily drivers for years now but felt that the Vivo 8 could do anything I needed when it came to daily smartphone tasks. The front-mounted fingerprint reader is super snappy and unlocks the Vivo 8 from the lock screen as well as sleep mode – major kudos here!. Applications downloaded super fast and installed within moments. While connected to my home network I ran a few different speed tests that gave me some mixed results but speeds were always sufficient for browsing and downloading. I never felt as though the Vivo 8 was having a hard time with my requests and I rarely noticed the device stutter while loading content. The Vivo 8 easily flips between open applications, the camera app, and music and video players without so much of a hitch.. After a few hours of heavy use I found that the battery was hefty enough to easily get me through the day. The impressive 4010mAh battery really packed a punch without adding too much weight to the device. Coupled with the 1080p LCD screen, the embedded battery could easily push me through two days of general use.. BLU crammed the Vivo 8 with impressive specs in all the key areas such as a large, vivid screen, a hefty battery, a functional camera and a fast and accurate fingerprint reader. While there is no water resistance, ultra high-res screen, or top of the line cameras, the Vivo 8 still rocks a ton of RAM and storage as wells as an eight-core processor. The Vivo 8 feels like an “everyman’s” smartphone.. I ran the BLU Vivo 8 through a multitude of benchmarks to see how the processor performed in simulated tests. Overall, I was impressed at some of the capabilities of the Vivo 8–especially with overall processing, but when comparing scores I determined that a lot of these numbers were close to half of what premium phones were capable of–at least on paper.. Benchmarks are great for getting an idea of how capable the internals of a device is, but to fully understand actual real-world performance I put the Vivo 8 to the test by using a variety of everyday applications.. Web-browsing through Chrome as well as applications like Facebook, Twitter and Instagram were quick to load and scrolled smoothly and with little interruption. Applications downloaded and installed quickly and sometimes rivaled high-end devices like the Galaxy S8 + and iPhone 7. I was impressed at the basic processing capabilities of the Vivo 8 from the moment I started using the device.. The Vivo 8 [left] has a similar screen and external design when compared to an iPhone 7 Plus [right] yet operates more like a specced down Galaxy S8 + [center] I also tried a host of photo editing utilities, office software, and productivity apps. I found that the display on the Vivo 8 was very responsive while editing photos and typing up long-worded text documents and emails. Adobe Photoshop was quick to render photo effects and WPS Office ran great while editing standard office documents. I did some head-to-head tests with a Samsung Galaxy S8 + and discovered that the Galaxy phone was anywhere from a few milliseconds to a maximum of three seconds faster than the Vivo 8 when it came to loading larger applications.. Next up I wanted to put the Vivo 8 through the paces with some “high-end” Android gaming. I loaded up some of the most demanding games like Need for Speed No Limits, Asphalt 8: Airborne, Temple Run 2, Assassin’s Creed Pirates and Bullet Force.. Every game I played performed perfectly fine. Some had slightly lower frame rates or lesser effects when compared to other, more expensive devices, but all games were 100% playable. I don’t know if this is a testament to the capabilities of the Vivo 8 or more to the scalability of Android applications–but the fact remains–the Vivo 8 is a perfectly capable gaming smartphone.. After about 10-15 minutes of gaming, I felt that the Vivo 8 had become quite warm, but never so much that I was concerned about the temperature and no games crashed or displayed errors from extensive gaming sessions. In fact, I’ve used other devices that felt much hotter over a shorter amount of time.. The BLU Vivo 8 has a 16MP selfie cam that faces forward and a 13MP rear-facing shooter. Both cameras take decent shots in well-lit environments but struggle in low light. A large amount of grain is evident in any outdoor shot taken after dusk. HDR modes can assist as usual, but also take a super steady hand or tripod to pull off effectively.. Click here to see some BLU Vivo 8 sample photos. The Vivo 8 does not feature optical image stabilization nor an optical zoom. The f/2.0 lens does include autofocus as well as touch-to-focus capabilities as well as face detection and the typical geotagging feature of practically every smartphone today. While not overly impressed by the quality of the photos I shot, I still found the camera to be one of the better shooters on a device in this price range.. Listening to music on a smartphone is never a great experience. It’ll do for those times where you don’t have access to a Bluetooth speaker or headphones but is obviously not recommended. With that in mind, the Vivo 8 still does a decent job of providing a legitimate aural experience. At the bottom of the device, you’ll find dual speakers that are loud and clear. As a bonus, the earpiece at the top also outputs sound while playing music, games or video with sound. By using all speakers available the Vivo 8 gets plenty loud and rivals flagships from other manufacturers.. Video content on the Vivo 8 is sharp and accurate. I was impressed by the viewing angles on the 5.5-inch screen and never experienced any color wash-out. With a large screen and great viewing angles, the Vivo 8 is perfect for sharing photos or video content with friends and family at social gatherings.. BLU has created a smartphone that can hang with the big boys at a fraction of the price. While it lacks in high-end 3D processing and overall camera capabilities, the BLU Vivo 8 can do virtually anything else an $800 premium phone can do. If you need a GSM phone and don’t need the best camera or gaming prowess, the Vivo 8 has a great design with solid specs at a great price.. BLU has included a plethora of usable features and software functions that make the Vivo 8 a great device for everyday use.. The BLU Vivo 8 is an admirable alternative to the high-priced premium phones that so many users gravitate towards. While it lacks tech such as an infinity display, dual rear cameras, waterproofing or retina scanner, the Vivo 8 is still a smartphone worth considering at a much more affordable price.. You can pick up the BLU VIVO 8 on Amazon for only $199.99, a $100 discount, until September 2, 2017.. The Vivo 8 from BLU is the perfect budget phone for users that just want to use a smartphone for the simple things in life. Web-browsing, Facebook, Twitter, and Instagram, as well as some basic gaming, can all be done with ease on the Vivo 8. The value here is off the charts when you consider the price for the overall performance.. TAGS Android android 7.0 blu blu vivo 8 budget dual-sim nougat Smartphone vivo 8. Previous article Nest launches Thermostat E. Next article Google has already started working on Android P. frequent photo-taker and promoter of fun.. UHANS Max 2 review: A mega-phablet that won’t break the bank. Blu Vivo X review: Can you get a flagship experience for under $250?. ASUS, Project Tango, and what could have been (ASUS ZenFone AR Review). Pingback: BLU Vivo 8 (review) | AndroidGuys - How to Smartphone (). Tricks, tips, and tweaks: 10 things every Pixel 2 absolutely must.... The Pixel 2 is one of the best phones you can buy today. Not just for the hardware, but because of the incredible amount of power in Android 8.0 Oreo. Let us help you customize the experience to your exact liking!. Sony Xperia XZ2 and Xperia XZ2 Compact go live with new.... Sony launches a new pair of flagships with refined design, 18:9 aspect ratio and the powerful Snapdragon 845 processor under the hood.. LG V30S ThinQ arrives with an AI-powered camera, more RAM and.... Alcatel 3 Series will be offered in three variants. Tricks, tips, and tweaks: 10 things every Pixel 2 absolutely must know. Five Android Oreo features you can install on any Android phone. Follow us on Instagram @androidguys. Stop missing deadlines and grab a lifetime license of Aeon Timeline.... Isn't it time you start acting responsibly? Pick up a lifetime license to Aeon Timeline 2 and you'll be better organized and ready to hit deadlines and goals in a timely manner. Save 60% through our store today!. Charge up your phone with a sophisticated looking marble wireless Qi.... Seven astrology apps for those who want to know what fate.... Pay as little as you want to learn Python with our.... Pick up a lifetime 2TB Zoolz cloud storage plan for $50. Tricks, tips, and tweaks: 10 things every Pixel 2 absolutely must know. Five Android Oreo features you can install on any Android phone. Five ways to beef up your Instagram privacy. Now in our tenth year, AndroidGuys loves to provide readers with the latest news and rumors as well as reviews, opinion pieces, and tools to get more from your Android.. 
GSM 850 / 900 / 1800 / 1900 - SIM 1 & SIM 2. HSDPA 850 / 1700(AWS) / 1900 / 2100. LTE band 2(1900), 4(1700/2100), 7(2600), 12(700), 17(700). LTE band 1(2100), 2(1900), 3(1800), 4(1700/2100), 5(850), 7(2600), 28(700). HSPA 42.2/11.5 Mbps, LTE-A (2CA) Cat6 300/50 Mbps. 154.5 x 76.5 x 8.3 mm (6.08 x 3.01 x 0.33 in). IPS LCD capacitive touchscreen, 16M colors. 5.5 inches, 83.4 cm 2 (~70.6% screen-to-body ratio). 1080 x 1920 pixels, 16:9 ratio (~401 ppi density). Octa-core (4x2.0 GHz Cortex-A53 & 4x1.0 GHz Cortex-A53). 13 MP (f/2.0, 1/3", 1.12 µm), phase detection autofocus, LED flash. Geo-tagging, touch focus, face detection, HDR. - Active noise cancellation with dedicated mic. Wi-Fi 802.11 b/g/n/ac, Wi-Fi Direct, hotspot. Fingerprint (front-mounted), accelerometer, gyro, proximity, compass. SMS(threaded view), MMS, Email, Push Email, IM. Up to 750 h (2G) / Up to 700 h (3G). Up to 28 h (2G) / Up to 22 h (3G). We can not guarantee that the information on this page is 100% correct. BLU Vivo 8 - user opinions and reviews. When is blu ever going to make another phone that records in 4k? It's been years and they've only made 1 that could.... I don't think so.Umidigi have very good products with great price.Ulefone have good cheap devices like Dod..Only Blubo have bad quality phones.. This brand is not well known. However, it does what Xiaomi, OnePlus, BQ does, among others, which is to make good devices with good specifications at cheap prices, don't do like Doogee, Bluboo, UMiDigi, Ulefone, which the only good thing are their pr.... Samsung Apple Nokia Sony LG HTC Motorola Huawei Microsoft Lenovo Xiaomi Google Acer Asus Oppo OnePlus Meizu BlackBerry Alcatel ZTE Toshiba Vodafone Energizer XOLO Lava Micromax BLU Gionee vivo LeEco Panasonic HP YU verykool Maxwest Plum. BLU Life One X3 BLU Vivo X BLU Pure XR Huawei Honor 7X Xiaomi Redmi Note 4 Motorola Moto G5 Plus. BLU Vivo X BLU Vivo 8 BLU Vivo One BLU Vivo XL BLU Vivo 5 BLU Life One X3. 
Select the department you want to search in. Sign in Account & Lists Sign in Account & Lists Orders Try Prime Cart. Your Amazon.com Today's Deals Gift Cards Registry Sell Help Disability Customer Support. Cell Phones & Accessories Carrier Phones Unlocked Phones Prime Exclusive Phones Accessories Cases Wearable Technology Best Sellers Deals Trade-In All Electronics. has been added to your Cart. Add a Carrier SIM Card for Service Activation:. T-Mobile SIM Starter Kit with Adapter. Cricket BYOD 2.0 Wireless 3-in-1 SIM Card Kit - Pr... 1-Click ordering is not available for this item.. Please enter a valid US zip code.. Please enter a valid US zip code.. Shipping to a APO/FPO/DPO? Please add the address to your address book. Make sure you include the unit and box numbers (if assigned).. & FREE Shipping on eligible orders. & FREE Shipping on eligible orders. 1-Year Unlocked Cell Phone Accidental Protection Plan. Coverage for drops, spills and product malfunctions. Free shipping on all repairs with $49 deductible. Cancel anytime, full refund in the first 30 days. SquareTrade Protection Plans are only valid for new products purchased at Amazon within the last 30 days. BLU VIVO 8 - 5.5" Full HD, 4G LTE Smartphone -64GB + 4GB RAM -Black. for " blu vivo 8 ". Amazon's Choice recommends highly rated, well-priced products available to ship immediately.. This item at this price, sold by Amazon.com, is currently reserved exclusively for Prime members. Prime free trial and invitee customers: We will automatically apply an Amazon.com Gift Card to your Gift Card Balance in the amount equal to the Prime exclusive discount after you become a paid Prime member. If you cancel your paid Prime membership or return the qualifying smartphone within the first 3 months of your paid Prime membership, we may void your Gift Card or charge you in the amount of the Gift Card. Terms and Conditions apply.. Sold by Open Group Wireless and Fulfilled by Amazon .. Fulfillment by Amazon (FBA) is a service we offer sellers that lets them store their products in Amazon's fulfillment centers, and we directly pack, ship, and provide customer service for these products. Something we hope you'll especially enjoy: FBA items qualify for FREE Shipping and Amazon Prime.. If you're a seller, Fulfillment by Amazon can help you increase your sales. learn more about Fulfillment by Amazon. 5.5" full HD 1080P display with curved Corning Gorilla glass 3; body design made out of 87% metal with fingerprint sensor. Ultra quick 9V/2a charger with long lasting 4, 010 mAh battery. 13MP Sony IMX258 Main Camera with flash and 16MP selfie Camera with flash. MediaTek 6755 Helio P10 2.0 Octa core processor, 64GB Internal memory 4GB RAM. Purchase any qualifying 2017 BLU Smartphone for your chance to win a trip of a lifetime! See below for more details. One of these items ships sooner than the other. This item: BLU VIVO 8 - 5.5" Full HD, 4G LTE Smartphone -64GB + 4GB RAM -Black $248.99. Sold by Open Group Wireless and ships from Amazon Fulfillment.. Blu Vivo 8 Case, ZLDECO Ultra Slim Shock Proof Matte Hard Skin Case Cover Protect for Blu Vivo 8 5.5… $9.95. Only 13 left in stock - order soon.. Sold by Hi5Gadget ZLDECO and ships from Amazon Fulfillment.. FREE Shipping on orders over $25. This shopping feature will continue to load items. In order to navigate out of this carousel please use your heading shortcut key to navigate to the next or previous heading.. Customers who viewed this item also viewed. Page 1 of 1 Start over Page 1 of 1. BLU Life One X3 – 4G LTE Unlocked Smartphone with 5,000mAh Monster Battery -Black. BLU VIVO 8L - 5.3" 4G LTE Smartphone -32GB + 3GB RAM –Black. BLU R2 PLUS – 4G LTE 5.5” Full HD Unlocked Smartphone – 32GB + 3GB RAM -Black. BLU PURE XR Smartphone - 4G LTE GSM Unlocked - 64GB +4GB RAM - Grey. BLU PURE XR Smartphone - 4G LTE GSM Unlocked - 64GB +4GB RAM - Gold. BLU VIVO X – 6.0” HD+18:9 Display Smartphone with Dual Front and Rear Cameras –Black. This shopping feature will continue to load items. In order to navigate out of this carousel please use your heading shortcut key to navigate to the next or previous heading.. Customers who bought this item also bought. Page 1 of 1 Start over Page 1 of 1. Blu Vivo 8 Case, ZLDECO Ultra Slim Shock Proof Matte Hard Skin Case Cover Protect for Blu Vivo 8 5.5 Smartphone (Black). BLU VIVO 8 V0150UU Case,Biaotai[Shock Absorption] Drop Protection Hybrid Dual Layer Armor Protective Case Cover for BLU VIVO 8 V0150UU (Black). BLU VIVO 8 case, KuGi BLU VIVO 8 case, ultra-thin BW style PU Cover + TPU Back stand Case For BLU VIVO 8 smartphone(Black). BLU Vivo 8 case,SLMY [Shock Absorption] Drop Protection Hybrid Dual Layer Armor Protective Case Cover for BLU Vivo 8-Black. BLU VIVO 8 Screen protector, KuGi BLU VIVO 8 Screen protector, 9H Hardness HD clear Tempered Glass Screen Protector for BLU VIVO 8 smartphone(Clear). BLU VIVO 8 Screen protector, KuGi BLU VIVO 8 Screen protector, 9H Hardness HD clear Tempered Glass Screen Protector for BLU VIVO 8 smartphone(2 Pack). Find answers in product info, Q&As, reviews. Please make sure that you are posting in the form of a question.. Don't see what you're looking for?. There was a problem completing your request. Please try your search again later.. The VIVO 8, crafted with precise engineering for a top tier smartphone. The VIVO 8 has an 87% metal to body ratio and it is structurally reliable without compromise to design. Color matched curved glass form a super smooth front display that is aesthetically superior.. The VIVO 8 provides unparalleled performance with it’s MediaTek Helio P10 chipset and a 2.0GHz Octa Core processor. Paired with blazing 4GB of RAM, there is nothing this smartphone cannot handle.. The VIVO 8 is equipped with a generous 64GB internal memory that offers plenty of space to download and store all your favorite music, video and pictures. Additionally, the VIVO 8 comes with a built in MicroSD card slot that allow for an extra 64GB of space.. The VIVO 8 provides a visual experience like no other. A gorgeous 5.5” Full HD In-Cell display with an explosive 1080 x 1920 resolution and 401ppi, pictures are transformed into stunning images and cinema like video quality. High contrast and vivid saturation ensures that whatever is displayed will be perfect.. Those moments you definitely want to capture in all their glory will be caught effortlessly with the new VIVO 8. With a 13 megapixel main camera equipped with a state of the art SONY IMX 258 sensor, working in tandem with a 16MP selfie camera. Each and every memorable image or video will be cherished forever.. Blu Valencia CF VIP Experience Global Giveaway Purchase any 2017 BLU Smartphone. Purchase any 2017 BLU Smartphone for your chance to win a trip of a lifetime!. Three grand prize winners and a guest each gets an all-expense paid trip to Valencia, Spain for 5 days. You and your guest will also get to attend the Valencia CF vs Real Madrid game while enjoying the match from BLU’s VIP Box plus a meet & greet with Valencia players in Mestalla Stadium on January 28th 2018!. GSM | HSPA+42 Mbps | LTE. GSM I HSPA+42Mbps I 4G LTE up to 150Mbps. 3G HSPA+ 42Mbps | 4G LTE Cat 4. GSM | HSPA+42Mbps I 4G LTE up to 300Mbps. GSM | 4G LTE Cat 4 up to 150Mbps. GSM | HSPA+42 Mbps | LTE. 64GB | 4GB RAM - 16GB | 2GB RAM. 151.9 x 74.6 x 6.9 mm | 142g. 154.3 x 75.6 x 8.15mm | 161g. 154.3 x 74.9 x 7mm | 147.2g. 148 x72.4 x 9.5mm I 166g. 154.5 x 76.5 x 8.3mm | 180g. 0.3 x 6 x 2.9 in. 0.3 x 5.7 x 2.8 in. 0.4 x 6 x 3 in. 0.2 x 6 x 2.9 in. 0.2 x 6.1 x 2.9 in. 0.3 x 6.1 x 3 in. BLU VIVO 8 - 5.5" Full HD, 4G LTE Smartphone -64GB + 4GB RAM -Black. BLU Advance 5.2 - Unlocked Smartphone - 5.2" Display, 8GB +1GB RAM -Black. BLU R2 PLUS – 4G LTE 5.5” Full HD Unlocked Smartphone – 32GB + 3GB RAM -Black. BLU PURE XR Smartphone - 4G LTE GSM Unlocked - 64GB +4GB RAM - Gold. BLU LIFE ONE X2 - 4G LTE Unlocked Smartphone -64GB+4GB RAM -Rose Gold. BLU VIVO XL2 - 5.5" 4G LTE GSM Unlocked Smartphone - 32GB+3GB RAM -Blue. The vivo 8 is the composition of the use of metal housing along with precise engineering for a top Tier smartphone. With an 87% metal to body ration, the vivo 8 is structurally reliable Without compromise to design. Color matched curved glass form a super smooth front display that is aesthetically superior. 6 x 0.3 x 2.9 inches. 1.1 pounds ( View shipping rates and policies ). #12,248 in Cell Phones & Accessories ( See Top 100 in Cell Phones & Accessories ). #227 in Cell Phones & Accessories > Unlocked Cell Phones. Product Warranty: For warranty information about this product, please click here. If you are a seller for this product, would you like to suggest updates through seller support ?. Would you like to tell us about a lower price ?. 5 star 53% 4 star 20% 3 star 7% 2 star 7% 1 star 13%. Share your thoughts with other customers. There was a problem filtering reviews right now. 5.0 out of 5 stars The best budget flagship for those that don't want a moto. FiNaL UpDaTe after almost 5 of usage.. this phone is a budget beast. Beautiful crisp lcd full 1080p hd display. Big 4010 mah battery and a mediatek p10 that's a lil bit snappier than a snapdragon 625. I use this thing pretty heavily on a daily basis and it performs wonderfuly. After a full day of usage my battery is usually still above 50percent and the ultra quick charge is pretty fast. I've even dropped it on hardwood a few times and it didn't phase it. This phone originally came out as the Gionee A1 and then Blu rebranded it as the Vivo 8 in the U.S.. Was this review helpful to you?. 4.0 out of 5 stars Awesome phone! Apps keep crashing.. After messing around with the phone for a day I can say you're getting iPhone/S7 quality for 1/4 of the price. The front 16 megapixel camera is awesome, sensor and a very bright flash. The rear 13 megapixel Sony camera is better than my 16 megapixel Blu Life One X2. At 4gb of ram it's super fast, I can run YouTube and scroll through Facebook without any lag. Putting right next to a iPhone 7 you would think this is a better phone, the metal backing is crazy nice, I bought the gold version so it stands out. The 64gb storage is also a nice touch from the old 32 gigs from the vivo 6. The smart gestures come in handy. Overall I give this phone a 10/10. UPDATE So after a week with the phone, the clock app keeps crashing. I tried to clear all data and cache on the app, i also reverted the clock version to its original state and sometimes crashed when i try to delete a alarm. I'd appreciate it if Blu can fix the problem soon.. Was this review helpful to you?. 4.0 out of 5 stars and it has a nice feel in my hands. Blu Vivo 8, This is an impressive telephone. I purchased this phone less than one month ago, but prior to the purchase I checked the online reviews from Amazon and Youtube. Many reviews talked about phone start up speed and camera quality, but I will provide you with a few additional details that I hope will help. The phone was shipped with a clear plastic case, screen protector, corded hands free earplug/mic and a charger. The appearance of the VIVO 8 is slick, and it has a nice feel in my hands. The phone has a finger print sensor at the bottom and it works extremely well, however for me the sensor would be better if it were placed on the backside below the camera flash. This phone shoots amazingly clear video and has the stability of a flagship phone. The camera takes great pictures pictures in lighed situations. The pictures taken in darker settings faile to gather enough light to provide the detail I would like to have seen. The phone does not have a tremendous amount of bloatware pre-installed and some can be uninstalled. I live a an area where cal quality is really tested and this phone has a stronger signal than some of the previous phones I have used. This is not to say that the phone doesn't have its share of signal strength problems in my area. The VIVO 8 has impressive startup time with its 4 GB of RAM. The only improvements that BLU reallys needs to work on for this phone would be a slight improvement in the speaker sound quality. This is not to say that the sound is weak or poor, it would be nice if they added dual front facing speakers to go with the incredible video quality that can be seen on the screen. The battery life was also impressive lsting for more than one day during the short time I have had this phone. The rapid charge does a great job of giving the VIVO 8 a rapid charge in a short time. This is a good price for someone looking for the look and feel of a high end phone without paying the highend phone pricing. I compared this phone with the One Plus 3T and with the exception of a very sight difference in startup speed and the better quality of the One Plus lowlight camera shots these small areas could not justify the price difference for me. It would be nice if the phone had some degree of waterproofing in case you get caught in a rainstorm. The Bottom line for you may differ from me, but in my opinion it is a good buy at this price point. Hope you find this review helpful and please don't hestitate to ask questions about something that I may have missed.. Was this review helpful to you?. 5.0 out of 5 stars Great Phone and a great Value for the price!. At the current pricing of $249 I am very pleased. I Had the BLU Life One X2 it was fine for 9 months but started spazzing out randomly typing letters and selecting buttons.... so i ordered this rather than a second of the X2... after the order i realized that a hard reset solved the issue, but i decided to Try this VIVO 8. As soon as i unpacked it and felt it in my hand, i noticed it had a very solid feel, substantial. case feels nice radiused corners and smooth curves, almost heavy compared to the X2 once i transferred my apps and data and all else it seemed nice.... However i was a little disappointed mostly with the Android 7 Nougat, specifically i was accustomed to the Phone interface which on marshmallow had a tab for Favorites on my phone's favorites list which had colored squares that acted as a one touch speed dial for my most frequent contacts. Long story short it is gone ... but there is a widget that will let you select which contacts you want and do the same feature so now i open the widget on my home page and there is my list of contacts in color squares, and one touch i make my call... so i am now happy with that, if only i could edit which color is assigned to my contacts. I am well pleased with this model. the quality seems vice it feels substantial as i said, the visual quality of the screen is top notch for me... there seems no lag time on any processing I dont game so not sure about that. the speakers crank out louder than any other phone i have had... as for the battery life i run it on the medium setting of battery conservation and literally had 2 days of normal use before it ran down the battery. 64 gigs of space is awesome but most all of my stuff was already on my 64gig micro SD card so i havent used the local drive much yet. I am real happy with this phone. and I feel a true Bargain at $249, when compared to other phones that run 2 - 3 times more MONEY. it would be nice if this phone could step up to a 129 GB micro SD but ... all in all cant go wrong with this little gem ================================================================================ EDIT ======================================================================== So Nearly 5 months down the road this phone is still every bit the phone i reviewed. of course with photos and 7103 songs on the SD card i am running out of my 64 GB micro SD and wishing i had 128Gb storage... other than that as with any electronic system i had to reboot a few times when it got a little despondent or cranky but a reboot is all the discipline it took to get it back in to proper behavior. I couldnt be happier, often i am still going through 2 days between charges, if i use it heavy and it gets low, that charger it came with is a super charging monster and in 30 - 45 minutes i have enough to get through the day... I still love this Phone and all the other stuff i was able to get with the money i didnt spend on a more expensive elite phone with a fancy reputation.. Was this review helpful to you?. The phone will blow you away The camera is clear the memory is amazing. This device is one of the best BLU devices I've ever had I HIGHLY recommend this.. 5.0 out of 5 stars An AMAZING PHONE. It was open when I got it. The plastic tray that holds the phone was cracked. 1.0 out of 5 stars Did not receive new product. I have used the Blu life one X, Life one X 2, Blu XR. The Blu vivo 8 is the best of the bunch for the price. The phone is fast, well designed, and the screen is awesome. 4.0 out of 5 stars Awesome Phoone..one minor nitpick "no indicator light". Bought two of these phones and both continue to function properly. Have had great success with the Blu line of phones.. 5.0 out of 5 stars Great value on a great product.. TL;DR: Decent phone with bugs and issues. I've owned the Blu Vivo 8 since it's official launch on Amazon, and throughout the year/months of owning this phone I'd like... 3.0 out of 5 stars Bugs/Concerns. 5.0 out of 5 stars Five Stars. This phone started with 5 stars but then after a few days I realized that I want getting all of my text messages. 3.0 out of 5 stars Needs work. It functions very well in many Avenues however it does not appear that the camera is upgraded it all from the Blu Vivo 5. 4.0 out of 5 stars It seems to not go as wide as I would like nor as telephoto as expected however as an alternative .... My Google Nexus 6 finally bit the dust and I was a little nervous about getting this phone but it is SUCH a great phone. 5.0 out of 5 stars Great photos, fast phone, amazing price. 3.5mm jack stopped working after 2 months of usage. 3.0 out of 5 stars Three Stars. This shopping feature will continue to load items. In order to navigate out of this carousel please use your heading shortcut key to navigate to the next or previous heading.. Page 1 of 1 Start over Page 1 of 1. BLU VIVO X – 6.0” HD+18:9 Display Smartphone with Dual Front and Rear Cameras –Black. BLU Life One X3 – 4G LTE Unlocked Smartphone with 5,000mAh Monster Battery -Black. BLU VIVO 8L - 5.3" 4G LTE Smartphone -32GB + 3GB RAM –Black. BLU R1 Plus - 4G LTE Unlocked Smartphone - 32GB + 3GB RAM -Black. BLU Advance 4.0 L3 -Unlocked Dual Sim Smartphone -Grey. BLU Life ONE X2 Mini - 5.0" Unlocked Smartphone -4G LTE - 64GB + 4GB RAM -Grey. See and discover other items: cricket cell smartphone , att cell phone smartphone , selfie accessories. There's a problem loading this menu right now.. Get fast, free shipping with Amazon Prime. Prime members enjoy FREE Two-Day Shipping and exclusive access to music, movies, TV shows, original audio series, and Kindle books.. Careers About Amazon Investor Relations Amazon Devices. Sell on Amazon Sell Your Services on Amazon Sell on Amazon Business Sell Your Apps on Amazon Become an Affiliate Advertise Your Products Self-Publish with Us › See all. Amazon Rewards Visa Signature Cards Amazon.com Store Card Amazon.com Corporate Credit Line Shop with Points Credit Card Marketplace Reload Your Balance Amazon Currency Converter. Your Account Your Orders Shipping Rates & Policies Amazon Prime Returns & Replacements Manage Your Content and Devices Amazon Assistant Help. Amazon Music Stream millions of songs. Amazon Drive Cloud storage from Amazon. 6pm Score deals on fashion brands. AbeBooks Books, art & collectibles. ACX Audiobook Publishing Made Easy. Alexa Actionable Analytics for the Web. Amazon Business Everything For Your Business. AmazonFresh Groceries & More Right To Your Door. AmazonGlobal Ship Orders Internationally. Home Services Handpicked Pros Happiness Guarantee. Amazon Inspire Digital Educational Resources. Amazon Rapids Fun stories for kids on the go. Amazon Restaurants Food delivery from local restaurants. Amazon Video Direct Video Distribution Made Easy. Amazon Web Services Scalable Cloud Computing Services. Audible Download Audio Books. AudiobookStand Discount Audiobooks on Disc. Book Depository Books With Free Delivery Worldwide. Box Office Mojo Find Movie Box Office Data. ComiXology Thousands of Digital Comics. CreateSpace Indie Print Publishing Made Easy. DPReview Digital Photography. East Dane Designer Men's Fashion. Fabric Sewing, Quilting & Knitting. Goodreads Book reviews & recommendations. IMDb Movies, TV & Celebrities. IMDbPro Get Info Entertainment Professionals Need. Junglee.com Shop Online in India. Kindle Direct Publishing Indie Digital Publishing Made Easy. Prime Now FREE 2-Hour Delivery on Everyday Items. Prime Photos Unlimited Photo Storage Free With Prime. Shopbop Designer Fashion Brands. TenMarks.com Math Activities for Kids & Schools. Warehouse Deals Open-Box Discounts. Whole Foods Market America’s Healthiest Grocery Store. Withoutabox Submit to Film Festivals. Woot! Deals and Shenanigans. Zappos Shoes & Clothing. Souq.com Shop Online in the Middle East. Subscribe with Amazon Discover & try subscription services. Conditions of Use Privacy Notice Interest-Based Ads © 1996-2018, Amazon.com, Inc. 
more ... more .... more ... more .... Dimensions 6.08 x 3.01 x 0.33 inches (154.5 x 76.5 x 8.3 mm). Weight 6.35 oz (180 g) the average is 5.6 oz (159 g). Resolution 1080 x 1920 pixels. Features Scratch-resistant glass (Corning Gorilla Glass 3), Ambient light sensor, Proximity sensor. Pixel density - The pixel density of a display represents the number of pixels over an area of one inch. It’s measured in “pixels per inch”, or ppi. The higher the number, the more detailed and good-looking the display is.. Technology - There are two main screen technologies currently used in phones and tablets: LCD and AMOLED. The former usually features a light source and liquid crystals, while the latter is based on organic light-emitting diodes. Newer LCD variations like IPS-LCD and Super-LCD allow for very accurate color reproduction and very wide viewing angles, where no significant image quality loss is observed. Current AMOLED screens differ in such a way that they can exhibit much more saturated colors (sometimes too much) and incredibly high contrast levels, which is due to black color being completely black in AMOLED displays.. Screen-to-body ratio - Shows what part of the frontal area of a phone its screen occupies.. Software Features Touch to focus, Face detection, Self-timer, Digital zoom, Geo tagging. Shooting Modes High Dynamic Range mode (HDR). Camcorder 1920x1080 (1080p HD) (30 fps). Aperture size - The aperture of a camera is the opening through which light travels before it reaches the camera sensor. The smaller the number is, the bigger this opening is, allowing for more light to pass.. Camera sensor size - A bigger camera sensor is able to capture more light, and thus produce better photos.. Pixel size - The size of an individual pixel on a camera's sensor. Octa-core, 2000 MHz, ARM Cortex-A53, 64-bit, 28 nm. System chip - Most modern handsets use an advanced chip that includes many of the device’s hardware modules like the processor, Wi-Fi, Bluetooth and sometimes even the wireless radio. This field shows what particular system chip (or System-on-a-Chip) is used in the phone.. Processor - The processor is the main computing component of a phone and is a major factor when it comes to the overall speed of the device. Some more powerful smartphones use dual-core and quad-core processors designed to deliver greater performance.. Graphics processor - The graphics processor is important for the smooth operation of the system and especially in games and other applications that may involve complex graphics and animations.. System memory - System memory, or RAM memory is the type of memory that the device uses to temporarily store data from the OS or currently-running apps. The more RAM available to the device, the better the performance will be when multiple or heavier programs are running.. Built-in storage - Bigger storage capacity allows you to keep more content saved onto your device, such as more applications, photos or video. Games and video content typically take up the biggest amount of storage space.. Storage expansion - Some handsets allow you to expand their storage capacity by using a memory expansion card – most often microSD. Expansion memory is mostly suitable for media storage, such as photo, video or music content.. Talk time 48.00 hours the average is 20 h (1229 min). Stand-by time 20.0 days (480 hours) the average is 21 days (502 h). Capacity - The bigger, the better! However, battery capacity is not the only factor that has an effect on battery life. Those include the chipset in use, the software running on the device, as well as the consumer's unique usage pattern.. Filter by Album, Artist, Genre, Playlists. Features Album art cover, Background playback. GSM 850, 900, 1800, 1900 MHz. UMTS 850, 1700/2100, 1900, 2100 MHz. LTE (FDD) Bands 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 7, 28. Other features Voice dialing, Voice commands, Voice recording. Wi-Fi 802.11 b, g, n, dual-band. Features Mass storage device, USB charging. Other VoIP, Tethering, Computer sync, OTA sync. Positioning - This field shows the positioning systems supported by the device. The most common types are GPS and A-GPS.. GPS - This is one of the most widespread global positioning technologies, developed and maintained by the U.S. It uses satellites in order to detect your location. A-GPS - A-GPS stands for Assisted GPS and is the industry standard for positioning and navigation. “Assisted” means that it can use local wireless networks, in addition to satellites, for quicker and more precise localization.. To see the full specifications with in-depth details click here.. $180 Buy. Samsung Galaxy A8 (2018) Review 6.5. Sony Xperia XA2 and Xperia XA2 Ultra Review 7.8. Huawei Mate 10 Lite Review 8. Jabra Elite 65t wireless earphones Review 8.5. Samsung Galaxy Note 3 vs Samsung Galaxy Note 2. LG V30 Review 8.8. The Samsung Galaxy S9 and S9+ have game-changing cameras with variable aperture and 960fps slow-mo video recording. The Big Barcelona Camera Comparison: iPhone X vs Pixel 2 XL vs Note 8. Samsung Galaxy S9 and S9+ rumor review: Specs, design, features, price and release date. Sony presents Xperia XZ2 and XZ2 Compact: new design and Snapdragon 845. Galaxy S9 Exynos edition gets benchmarked against rivals!. Galaxy S9 first camera comparison vs iPhone X, V30, S8. Samsung Galaxy S9 & S9+ hands-on. MWC 2018: top smartphones to expect. Best smartphone you can buy in 2018. Allo is a quality app, but Google isn't giving it a real chance. All content (phone reviews, news, specs, info), design and layouts are Copyright 2001-2018 phoneArena.com. Reproduction in whole or in part or in any form or medium without written permission is prohibited! Privacy. 
Select the department you want to search in. Sign in Account & Lists Sign in Account & Lists Orders Try Prime Cart. Your Amazon.com Today's Deals Gift Cards Registry Sell Help Disability Customer Support. 1-16 of 415 results for "blu vivo 8". See all results for blu vivo 8 .. Amazon's Choice for "blu vivo 8". BLU VIVO 8 - 5.5" Full HD, 4G LTE Smartphone -64GB + 4GB RAM -Black. $234.99 (8 used &amp new offers). Purchase any qualifying 2017 BLU Smartphone for your chance to win a .... BLU V0150UU GOLD VIVO 8 - 5.5" Full HD, 4G LTE Smartphone -64GB + 4GB RAM -Gold. $234.99 (6 used &amp new offers). Purchase any qualifying 2017 BLU Smartphone for your chance to win a .... BLU VIVO X – 6.0” HD+18:9 Display Smartphone with Dual Front and Rear Cameras –Black. In stock on March 2, 2018. selfie Camera - 20MP Sony IMX376+ 8MP 120 degree wide angle with flash .... BLU VIVO 8L - 5.3" 4G LTE Smartphone -32GB + 3GB RAM –Black. metal housing concept, the VIVO 8L uses 90% metal to body ratio to .... BLU Life One X3 – 4G LTE Unlocked Smartphone with 5,000mAh Monster Battery -Black. BLU VIVO XL2 - 5.5" 4G LTE GSM Unlocked Smartphone - 32GB+3GB RAM -Gold. $100.80 (16 used &amp new offers). flash + 8MP front Camera ... any qualifying 2017 BLU Smartphone for your .... BLU VIVO XL2 - 5.5" 4G LTE GSM Unlocked Smartphone - 32GB+3GB RAM -Blue. $96.89 (19 used &amp new offers). Product Features 13MP Autofocus Main Camera with flash + 8MP front Camera. BLU LIFE ONE X2 - 4G LTE Unlocked Smartphone -64GB+4GB RAM -Rose Gold. Trade-in eligible for an Amazon gift card. BLU R2 PLUS – 4G LTE 5.5” Full HD Unlocked Smartphone – 32GB + 3GB RAM -Black. In stock on February 28, 2018. BLU R2 - 4G LTE Unlocked Smartphone - 32GB + 3GB RAM -Black. Blu Vivo 8 Case, ZLDECO Ultra Slim Shock Proof Matte Hard Skin Case Cover Protect for Blu Vivo 8 5.5 Smartphone (Black). Only 13 left in stock - order soon.. Honor 7X - 18:9 screen ratio, 5.93" full-view display. Unlocked Smartphone, Blue (US Warranty). Only 4 left in stock - order soon.. $189.89 (9 used &amp new offers). BLU R2 - 4G LTE Unlocked Smartphone - 16GB + 2GB RAM -Black. $98.99 (5 used &amp new offers). BLU Studio XL 2 - 6.0" 4G LTE GSM Unlocked Smartphone - 4,900mAh Battery -Gold. $89.95 (17 used &amp new offers). Trade-in eligible for an Amazon gift card. BLU LIFE ONE X2 - 4G LTE Unlocked Smartphone - 64GB+4GB RAM - Grey. $112.96 (17 used &amp new offers). Trade-in eligible for an Amazon gift card. BLU Studio XL 2 - 6.0" 4G LTE GSM Unlocked Smartphone - 4,900mAh Battery -Black. $79.99 (17 used &amp new offers). Trade-in eligible for an Amazon gift card. All customers get FREE Shipping on orders over $25 shipped by Amazon. Cell Phone Cases, Holsters & Clips. 4 Stars & Up & Up. 3 Stars & Up & Up. 2 Stars & Up & Up. 1 Star & Up & Up. There's a problem loading this menu right now.. Get fast, free shipping with Amazon Prime. Prime members enjoy FREE Two-Day Shipping and exclusive access to music, movies, TV shows, original audio series, and Kindle books.. Careers About Amazon Investor Relations Amazon Devices. Sell on Amazon Sell Your Services on Amazon Sell on Amazon Business Sell Your Apps on Amazon Become an Affiliate Advertise Your Products Self-Publish with Us › See all. Amazon Rewards Visa Signature Cards Amazon.com Store Card Amazon.com Corporate Credit Line Shop with Points Credit Card Marketplace Reload Your Balance Amazon Currency Converter. Your Account Your Orders Shipping Rates & Policies Amazon Prime Returns & Replacements Manage Your Content and Devices Amazon Assistant Help. Amazon Music Stream millions of songs. Amazon Drive Cloud storage from Amazon. 6pm Score deals on fashion brands. AbeBooks Books, art & collectibles. ACX Audiobook Publishing Made Easy. Alexa Actionable Analytics for the Web. Amazon Business Everything For Your Business. AmazonFresh Groceries & More Right To Your Door. AmazonGlobal Ship Orders Internationally. Home Services Handpicked Pros Happiness Guarantee. Amazon Inspire Digital Educational Resources. Amazon Rapids Fun stories for kids on the go. Amazon Restaurants Food delivery from local restaurants. Amazon Video Direct Video Distribution Made Easy. Amazon Web Services Scalable Cloud Computing Services. Audible Download Audio Books. AudiobookStand Discount Audiobooks on Disc. Book Depository Books With Free Delivery Worldwide. Box Office Mojo Find Movie Box Office Data. ComiXology Thousands of Digital Comics. CreateSpace Indie Print Publishing Made Easy. DPReview Digital Photography. East Dane Designer Men's Fashion. Fabric Sewing, Quilting & Knitting. Goodreads Book reviews & recommendations. IMDb Movies, TV & Celebrities. IMDbPro Get Info Entertainment Professionals Need. Junglee.com Shop Online in India. Kindle Direct Publishing Indie Digital Publishing Made Easy. Prime Now FREE 2-Hour Delivery on Everyday Items. Prime Photos Unlimited Photo Storage Free With Prime. Shopbop Designer Fashion Brands. TenMarks.com Math Activities for Kids & Schools. Warehouse Deals Open-Box Discounts. Whole Foods Market America’s Healthiest Grocery Store. Withoutabox Submit to Film Festivals. Woot! Deals and Shenanigans. Zappos Shoes & Clothing. Souq.com Shop Online in the Middle East. Subscribe with Amazon Discover & try subscription services. Conditions of Use Privacy Notice Interest-Based Ads © 1996-2018, Amazon.com, Inc. 
Find the Best Cell Phone and Plan for You. PhoneDog's innovative comparison tool can help you save on cell phones and plans. Find the best phone and plan for you today with PhoneDog!. Compare Phones and Plans Compare Cell Phones. Trending: iPhone 8. f g+ t yt. The Vivo 8 is the latest smartphone from BLU. It’s a $300 smartphone that looks to one up the Moto G5 Plus. For a limited time, the Vivo 8 will be available for $199 on Amazon.. The build quality of the Vivo 8 is topnotch. When you pick it up for the first time, you will immediately notice the smooth metal construction that is oh so cool to the touch. The sides are rounded ever so slightly to help it fit more comfortably in your hands as well. Taking a look around the device, we’ll find a dual SIM card slot with support for a microSD card for expandable storage on the left hand side. There’s a power/sleep button and volume rocker on the right hand side. The headphone jack is up top, micro USB port and speaker grilles on the bottom.. Up front, we’ll find a 5.5-inch 1080p LCD display that has good brightness and color vibrancy. The display is probably not going to wow you, especially if you’re coming from an older flagship smartphone from the likes of Samsung or LG. But it gets the job done. I would have liked to seen an AMOLED panel with slightly thinner bezels though. The fingerprint scanner works extremely well and it unlocks the phone fast. It’s on the front of the phone, underneath the display for easy access. And the physical button it is fused to feels nice and sturdy and tactile. This button is flanked by a back and overview capacitive touch navigation buttons.. The software is the most confusing area of this phone as it runs Android Nougat out of the box but it features a heavy skin on top of it that I’m just not a fan of. The notification drawer and quick settings are split up into two separate areas and there doesn’t appear to be an option to enable an app drawer so all of your apps will be placed on the home screen by default.. There are some gestures you can turn on and off to expand functionality. You could swipe down anywhere on the home screen to lower down the notification panel for example. There are also themes to choose from to spice this home screen up but I found myself quickly changing the launcher after setting up this smartphone. And I do want to note that out of the box, there will be several BLU applications pre-installed as well as some third party apps like Beacon Flashlight, Alarm Clock For Me, Z Camera, Z Gallery, Final Fantasy, and DFNDR. These are non BLU apps that can thankfully be removed.. As for performance, it’s very strong for the price of this handset. Under the hood lies a 2GHz Octa-Core processor with 4GB of RAM. I was able to take advantage of Nougat’s multi-tasking feature with very little lag. BLU has included a 13-megapixel Sony IMX 258 camera sensor with an f/2.0 aperture on the rear and there is a 16-megapixel front-facing camera sensor. As is the case with most smartphone camera sensors, the results will vary on lighting conditions, outdoor images with plenty of sunlight will look great and detail will be well-preserved, thanks to the high megapixel count. Low light photos can come out a little bit noisy. Overall, the sensor doesn’t have all the bells and whistles other flagships offer but for the price, I think it does a pretty fair job.. Arguably, the most underrated feature of this smartphone is the battery. The Vivo 8 features a 4,010 mAh battery with support for fast-charging. I’m disappointed to see the micro USB connector gets 2017 and every phone should have a USB-C port but I’m glad to be able to fill this phone up from empty to full in less than two hours. You really shouldn’t have a problem getting through a full day of moderate to heavy usage on this phone, which is something I can’t really say for a lot of smartphones today.. There are two speaker grilles on the bottom of the phone but audio is only blasted out via the right speaker. BLU is using Max’s Audio Technology to enhance the sound. It gets loud but clarity is so-so at higher volumes.. If you’re looking for a budget smartphone that values battery life above all else, you should seriously look into the Vivo 8. It’s quite the steal if you can pick it up for $200 from Amazon’s sale. However, if you’re on the fence about the Vivo 8 and Moto G5 Plus, you don’t need an exceptionally large battery to get you through the day and would value a device with a larger manufacturer like Motorola, who will continue to push updates to its devices for years to come, then I’m leaning towards the Moto G5 Plus.. Videos Android Review Vivo 8 BLU. Previous Article LG V30 First Look. Next Article Android 8.0 Oreo on Google Pixel XL. Don't forget to VOTE! Each week, PhoneDog Fans vote for their #1 smartphone in the Official Smartphone Rankings. Vote now and contribute to the industry's most relevant weekly ranking charts.. LG V30 First Look Top 10 iOS Apps of August 2017! Top 10 Android Apps of August 2017! LG V20 vs LG V30: The Key Differences You Need To Know. Select the amount of total data you need for the entire plan.. For example, if you need 2 lines with 1 GB of data each, you would select 2 GB of data with the data slider below.. - Any - 0 5KB 50MB 30MB 100MB 125MB 150MB 200MB 250MB 300MB 334MB 350MB 375MB 400MB 500MB 600MB 625MB 700MB 800MB 834MB 900MB 938MB 1GB 1.2GB 1.5GB 1.6GB 2GB 2.03GB 2.5GB 3GB 3.7GB 4GB 5GB 6GB 6.1GB 7GB 7.3GB 8GB 8.5GB 9GB 10GB 11GB 12GB 13GB 14GB 15GB 16GB 18GB 20GB 22GB 23GB 24GB 25GB 30GB 32GB 35GB 40GB 50GB 60GB 80GB 85GB 100GB 120GB 150GB 200GB Unlimited. BLU Vivo X Review: BLU's Most Appealing Smartphone Yet!. 4 days 16 hours ago. Android 8.0 Oreo on the OnePlus 5T. 5 days 14 hours ago. 1 week 13 hours ago. The OnePlus 5T Competitor You Haven't Heard About. 1 week 3 days ago. People's Choice Expert's Choice. OFFICIAL SMARTPHONE RANKINGS Please Login/Register to Vote. OFFICIAL SMARTPHONE RANKINGS Please Login/Register to Vote. OFFICIAL SMARTPHONE RANKINGS Please Login/Register to Vote. OFFICIAL SMARTPHONE RANKINGS Please Login/Register to Vote. OFFICIAL SMARTPHONE RANKINGS Please Login/Register to Vote. BLU S1 Review: BLU's First CDMA Smartphone!. This Week's "People's Choice Rankings" Best Smartphone. OFFICIAL SMARTPHONE RANKINGS Please Login/Register to Vote. OFFICIAL SMARTPHONE RANKINGS Please Login/Register to Vote. OFFICIAL SMARTPHONE RANKINGS Please Login/Register to Vote. OFFICIAL SMARTPHONE RANKINGS Please Login/Register to Vote. OFFICIAL SMARTPHONE RANKINGS Please Login/Register to Vote. Recent news from our top carriers:. Samsung Galaxy S9 and S9+ pricing. T-Mobile wins awards for 4G LTE. Samsung Galaxy S9 and S9+ pricing. Sprint says its 5G network will. T-Mobile wins awards for 4G LTE. Samsung Galaxy S9 and S9+ pricing. T-Mobile wins awards for 4G LTE. Samsung Galaxy S9 and S9+ pricing. Google Pixel 2 XL gets $400. Verizon Galaxy Note 8 gets $200. PHONEDOG PHONEDOG MEDIA FAMILY Phonedog - Cell Phone News TmoNews - The Unofficial T-Mobile Blog AndroidAndMe - Everything Android. PhoneDog Media is home to PhoneDog, Android & Me, TmoNews, and TodaysiPhone. The network receives 2.5 million unique visitors and 10 million pageviews each month, along with a combined three million video views on YouTube.. While the name is jovial, the PhoneDog Media network offers up a wealth of written and video content to help readers make important decisions about mobile technology.. Established in 2001, PhoneDog Media is a privately owned and operated company.. Company Home Privacy Policy Term of Use Contact About Us Sitemap In-Depth Reviews. Reproduction without explicit permission is prohibited. 
Home Shop MWC News Reviews Features Opinions Videos The Gadgets 360 Show Cell Guru Prime Tech Smartphone Reviews Tech and Gadget Reviews How-To Videos Video Game Reviews and Features Top Lists by Gadgets 360 Unboxing and Hands-On Videos Podcasts Compare Mobiles Phone Finder DEALS. Mobiles Tablets Apps Gaming Cameras PC/Laptops AUDIO/VIDEO How To Telecom Science INDIA INTERNET SOCIAL MEDIA WEARABLES हिंदी. Acer Adcom Alcatel Apple Archos Asus BlackBerry Blu Celkon Coolpad Datawind Fly Gionee HTC Huawei iBall iBerry Idea InFocus Intex iVoomi Jivi Karbonn Lava LeEco Lenovo LG Lyf Maxx Mobile Meizu Micromax Microsoft Motorola MTS Nokia Obi Oppo Panasonic Philips Ringing Bells Samsung Sony Spice Swipe Videocon Vivo Wickedleak Xiaomi Xolo Yu Zen Ziox Zopo ZTE. Home Mobiles Phone Finder Blu Vivo 8. Share on Facebook Tweet Share Share Email Reddit. Blu Vivo 8 smartphone was launched in August 2017. The phone comes with a 5.50-inch touchscreen display with a resolution of 1080 pixels by 1920 pixels. The Blu Vivo 8 is powered by 2GHz octa-core MediaTek Helio P10 processor and it comes with 4GB of RAM. The phone packs 64GB of internal storage that can be expanded up to 64GB via a microSD card. As far as the cameras are concerned, the Blu Vivo 8 packs a 13-megapixel primary camera on the rear and a 16-megapixel front shooter for selfies. The Blu Vivo 8 runs Android 7.0 and is powered by a 4010mAh non removable battery. It measures 154.50 x 76.50 x 8.30 (height x width x thickness) and weigh 180.00 grams. The Blu Vivo 8 is a single SIM (GSM). Connectivity options include Wi-Fi, GPS, Bluetooth, FM, 3G and 4G. Sensors on the phone include Proximity sensor, Accelerometer and Ambient light sensor.. Release date August 2017 Form factor Touchscreen Dimensions (mm) 154.50 x 76.50 x 8.30 Weight (g) 180.00 Battery capacity (mAh) 4010 Removable battery No Colours Black, Gold. Screen size (inches) 5.50 Touchscreen Yes Resolution 1080x1920 pixels. Processor 2GHz octa-core Processor make MediaTek Helio P10 RAM 4GB Internal storage 64GB Expandable storage Yes Expandable storage type microSD Expandable storage up to (GB) 64. Rear camera 13-megapixel Front camera 16-megapixel. Wi-Fi Yes Wi-Fi standards supported 802.11 b/g/n GPS Yes Bluetooth Yes NFC No Infrared No USB OTG No FM Yes Number of SIMs 1 SIM 1 GSM/CDMA GSM 3G Yes 4G/ LTE Yes Supports 4G in India (Band 40) No. Compass/ Magnetometer No Proximity sensor Yes Accelerometer Yes Ambient light sensor Yes Gyroscope No Barometer No Temperature sensor No. Error or missing information? Please let us know. User ratings and reviews for Blu Vivo 8. 0 Out of 5. 5 Star 4 Star 3 Star 2 Star 1 Star. Blu Vivo X Blu Vivo 8L Blu S1 Blu Advance A5 Plus Blu Advance A5 Blu R1 Plus Blu Life Max Blu Life One X2 Blu Vivo 5R Blu Pure XR Blu Energy XL Blu Tank 2 Blu Diva II Blu Life Mark Blu Vivo XL Blu Vivo 5 Blu Energy X Blu Studio Energy 2 Blu Pure XL Blu Vivo Air LTE Blu Win JR LTE Blu Win HD LTE. Blu Vivo 8 Vivo V7 vs. Blu Vivo 8 Blu Vivo 8 vs. Samsung Galaxy S8 Blu Vivo 8 vs. Samsung Galaxy Note 5 vs. Apple iPhone 5C Blu Vivo 8 vs. Motorola Moto G5s Plus vs. Motorola Moto Z2 Play Blu Vivo 8 vs. Htc Desire 10 Pro Xiaomi Mi A1 vs. Blu Vivo 8 Blu Vivo 8 vs. Apple iPhone 8 Blu Vivo 8 vs. Motorola Moto G5s Blu Vivo 8 vs. Creative Muvo 10, Muvo 20, Woof. The sly world of spy cameras. Nokia 7 Plus Is an Android One Phone With Dual Rear Cameras, Zeiss Optics Samsung Galaxy S9, Galaxy S9+ Pre-Orders Now Open in India Nokia 7 Plus vs Nokia 7 Samsung Galaxy S9, Galaxy S9+ With Improved Cameras, AR Emoji Launched Nokia 8110 4G Is a 'Slider' Feature Phone With Google, Facebook Apps Mi MIX 2S With Snapdragon 845 Confirmed by Xiaomi; Launching on March 27 OnePlus 5, OnePlus 5T HD Content Streaming Issue Fixed, With a Catch Vodafone to Offer 4.5GB Data Per Day for 28 Days at Rs. 799: Report Vivo Unveils Concept Phone With Half-Screen Fingerprint Scanning at MWC Samsung Galaxy S9 vs Galaxy S8 vs Galaxy Note 8. Samsung phones price list Lyf phones price list Micromax phones price list Sony phones price list Htc phones price list Lenovo phones price list Intex phones price list Lava phones price list Apple phones price list Nokia phones price list Xolo phones price list Lg phones price list Vivo phones price list Oppo phones price list Gionee phones price list Motorola phones price list Blackberry phones price list Xiaomi phones price list. Sitemaps Archives Advertise About Us Feedback Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions Complaint Redressal Careers Contact Us RSS Ethics Blu Vivo 8 in Hindi. © Copyright Red Pixels Ventures Limited 2018. Subject Comments. 
Android News VIEW MORE Google Pixel HTC Huawei Lenovo LG Motorola Nokia OnePlus Samsung Sony Android Auto Android India News Android Wear Android Pay Android Tablets Best Android Phones Android TV Android Updates Amazon Google News VIEW MORE Google Assistant Google Maps Google Photos Google Hangouts Google Play Google Translate Google Voice Google fi Google Nexus Google Chromebook Google Drive Google Home Google Pixel Google Nexus Tech News VIEW MORE VR Artificial Intelligence Home Automation Self Driving Car Robot Vacuum 5G News IOT Samsung News VIEW MORE Samsung Pay Samsung Gear Samsung Tablets Samsung Phones Samsung Galaxy S8 Samsung Galaxy S7 Samsung Galaxy S6 Samsung Galaxy S5 Samsung Galaxy S4 Samsung Galaxy S3 Samsung Galaxy Note 3 News Samsung Galaxy Note 4 Samsung Galaxy Note 5 News Samsung Galaxy Note 8 News Samsung Galaxy S9 5G News Smart Home MWC Reviews Tech Deals More Shop Best Cell Phone Deals Advertise About Staff Privacy Policy Contact Reviews Giveaways News Tips Deals Join Our Team. UK Carriers Reveal Sony Xperia XZ2 Availability Details – MWC 2018. Sony Highlights Xperia XZ2 Selling Points On Video – MWC 2018. Huawei CEO: Only “Three To Four” Phone Vendors Can Survive – MWC 2018. Samsung Galaxy S9 & S9 Plus Pre-Bookings Now Open In India. Samsung Galaxy S9 Sensor May Come To Other Android Phones – MWC 2018. Hands-On With Lenovo’s Education-Focused Chromebooks – MWC 2018. Lenovo Showcases 100e, 300e & 500e Chromebooks – MWC 2018. Touchpad Pinch-To-Zoom Support Coming To All Chromebooks. YouTube’s Hollywood Investments To Stay Flat By 2020: Report. DeepMind & VA Team Up With Hopes Of Fighting Kidney Problems. Samsung Galaxy S9 Sensor May Come To Other Android Phones – MWC 2018. Qualcomm’s mmWave 5G Demo Achieves 1.4Gbps Download Speeds – MWC 2018. Samsung Chief Seeks “Complete Confidence” In Foldable Phones – MWC 2018. Micron Debuts New 3D NAND Memory Chips For Android Flagships – MWC 2018. Accelleran Announces New Small Cells, Other 5G Solutions – MWC 2018. Samsung Galaxy S9 & S9 Plus Pre-Bookings Now Open In India. Samsung Galaxy S9 Sensor May Come To Other Android Phones – MWC 2018. Samsung Chief Seeks “Complete Confidence” In Foldable Phones – MWC 2018. Samsung Galaxy S9 Music Playback Times Significantly Boosted – MWC 2018. Win A Samsung Galaxy S9 With AndroidHeadlines – International Giveaway. Best Fitness Trackers Buyers Guide – February 2018. Best $300 Rugged Phone Review – CAT vs Blackview. UK Carriers Reveal Sony Xperia XZ2 Availability Details – MWC 2018. Win A Samsung Galaxy S9 With AndroidHeadlines – International Giveaway. How To: Reinstall Pre-Redesign Snapchat App On Android. Best Portable Battery Packs For Huawei Mate 10 Pro – February 2018. Android News Close Android Android Auto Android India News Android News Android Pay Android Phones Best Android Phones Android Tablets Android TV NVIDIA SHIELD Android Updates Android Wear Amazon Close Amazon Amazon Alexa Amazon Kindle Apps Close Apps Android Developer Android Games App Reviews Best Apps & games Facebook Instagram Netflix Snapchat Spotify Twitter Uber Whatsapp Youtube ASUS Close ASUS Asus Phones Best Cell Phone Deals BlackBerry Close BlackBerry Blackberry Phones Carriers Close Carriers AT&T Sprint T-Mobile Verizon Chinese Smartphones Close Chinese Smartphones Bluboo Doogee Elephone Gionee Honor Leeco Oukitel Meizu Oppo UMIDIGI Gift Guide Giveaways Google Close Google Google News Google Apps Google Assistant Google Car Google Chrome Google Chromebook Google Chromecast Google Drive Google fi Google Hangouts Google Home Google Maps Google Nexus Google Photos Google Pixel Google Play Google Play Music Google Play Services Google Translate Google Voice HTC Close HTC HTC Phones Huawei Close Huawei Huawei Phones Lenovo Close Lenovo Lenovo Phones LG Close LG LG Phones LG Smartwatch LG Tablets Mobile Events Close Mobile Events Awards CES Google IO IFA Mobile World Congress Motorola Close Motorola Motorola Phones Motorola Smartwatches Nokia Close Nokia Nokia Phones Nokia 6 OnePlus Close OnePlus OnePlus Phones OnePlus One OnePlus 2 OnePlus X OnePlus 3 OnePlus 5 Phone Comparisons Reviews Samsung Close Samsung Samsung Pay Samsung Phones Samsung Galaxy Note 3 News Samsung Galaxy Note 4 Samsung Galaxy Note 5 News Samsung Galaxy Note 8 News Samsung Galaxy S3 Samsung Galaxy S4 Samsung Galaxy S5 Samsung Galaxy S6 Samsung Galaxy S7 Samsung Galaxy S8 Samsung Galaxy S9 News Samsung Gear Samsung Tablets Smartwatches Close Smartwatches Best Smartwatches Sony Close Sony Sony Phones Tech News Close Tech News 5G News Artificial Intelligence IOT Home Automation Self Driving Car Robot Vacuum VR Various Smartphones Close ZTE Blu Wearables Xiaomi Close Xiaomi Xiaomi Phones Special Features News Tips Contact Join Our Team. Android News Android Android Auto Android India News Android News Android Pay Android Phones Best Android Phones Android Tablets Android TV NVIDIA SHIELD Android Updates Android Wear Amazon Amazon Amazon Alexa Amazon Kindle Apps Apps Android Developer Android Games App Reviews Best Apps & games Facebook Instagram Netflix Snapchat Spotify Twitter Uber Whatsapp Youtube ASUS ASUS Asus Phones Best Cell Phone Deals BlackBerry BlackBerry Blackberry Phones Carriers Carriers AT&T Sprint T-Mobile Verizon Chinese Smartphones Chinese Smartphones Bluboo Doogee Elephone Gionee Honor Leeco Oukitel Meizu Oppo UMIDIGI Gift Guide Giveaways Google Google Google News Google Apps Google Assistant Google Car Google Chrome Google Chromebook Google Chromecast Google Drive Google fi Google Hangouts Google Home Google Maps Google Nexus Google Photos Google Pixel Google Play Google Play Music Google Play Services Google Translate Google Voice HTC HTC HTC Phones Huawei Huawei Huawei Phones Lenovo Lenovo Lenovo Phones LG LG LG Phones LG Smartwatch LG Tablets Mobile Events Mobile Events Awards CES Google IO IFA Mobile World Congress Motorola Motorola Motorola Phones Motorola Smartwatches Nokia Nokia Nokia Phones Nokia 6 OnePlus OnePlus OnePlus Phones OnePlus One OnePlus 2 OnePlus X OnePlus 3 OnePlus 5 Phone Comparisons Reviews Samsung Samsung Samsung Pay Samsung Phones Samsung Galaxy Note 3 News Samsung Galaxy Note 4 Samsung Galaxy Note 5 News Samsung Galaxy Note 8 News Samsung Galaxy S3 Samsung Galaxy S4 Samsung Galaxy S5 Samsung Galaxy S6 Samsung Galaxy S7 Samsung Galaxy S8 Samsung Galaxy S9 News Samsung Gear Samsung Tablets Smartwatches Smartwatches Best Smartwatches Sony Sony Sony Phones Tech News Tech News 5G News Artificial Intelligence IOT Home Automation Self Driving Car Robot Vacuum VR Various Smartphones ZTE Blu Wearables Xiaomi Xiaomi Xiaomi Phones Special Features News Tips Contact Join Our Team. Win A Samsung Galaxy S9 With AndroidHeadlines – International Giveaway Win A OnePlus 5T Bundle With OnePlus & AndroidHeadlines – International Giveaway. Deal: Amazon Fire TV Stick With Alexa Voice Remote For $30 – 02/25/18 Best Samsung Galaxy S9 & S9 Plus Accessories – February 2018 GearBest Deal: 6GB RAM Xiaomi Mi 6 For $379.99 W/Coupon GearBest Deal: 8GB RAM OnePlus 5T For $629.99 W/Coupon Electronics Deals – Feb. 23, 2018: Amazon, Dell, Google Pixel & More. UK Carriers Reveal Sony Xperia XZ2 Availability Details – MWC 2018 Sony Highlights Xperia XZ2 Selling Points On Video – MWC 2018 Huawei CEO: Only “Three To Four” Phone Vendors Can Survive – MWC 2018. Samsung Galaxy S9 & S9 Plus Pre-Bookings Now Open In India Samsung Galaxy S9 Sensor May Come To Other Android Phones – MWC 2018 Samsung Chief Seeks “Complete Confidence” In Foldable Phones – MWC 2018. Cubot X18 Plus Review – A Slim Budget Device That Performs Best $300 Rugged Phone Review – CAT vs Blackview Blackview BV9000 Pro Review – Rugged, Fast, Built to Last. Samsung Galaxy S9 Sensor May Come To Other Android Phones – MWC 2018 Qualcomm’s mmWave 5G Demo Achieves 1.4Gbps Download Speeds – MWC 2018 Samsung Chief Seeks “Complete Confidence” In Foldable Phones – MWC 2018. Best Portable Battery Packs For Huawei Mate 10 Pro – February 2018 Best Sony Xperia XZ1 Accessories – February 2018 Best Bluetooth Wireless Headphones – February 2018. Best Android Apps – February 2018 Best Android Apps — Language Learning — February 2018 Best Android Apps — Pets — February 2018 Best Android Apps — Valentine’s Day — February 2018. BLU VIVO 8 Review: A Surprisingly Good Camera For Under $300. September 5, 2017 - Written By Justin Diaz. BLU’s VIVO 8 wow’s users with more functions for less cost, displaying it’s still possible to get a great device for not a lot of money.. BLU might be well-known recently for the issues it had with a few of its older phones concerning software and personal data, but there’s certainly more to BLU, the Miami, FL-based smartphone brand, than just those issues. In fact, BLU’s new phones like the VIVO 8 are aiming to please consumers in more ways than one. The VIVO 8 is BLU’s latest offering, and it comes sporting some rather decent hardware, it has a polished design, and a general good feel to it when it comes to the build quality. Best of all, since BLU is based out of Miami this is a phone which works in the U.S. without any issues, and it’s unlocked so it will work elsewhere outside of the U.S. I was even able to use Project Fi with this device, so that was a plus. Let’s dig deeper into this review of BLU’s new phone and see what it has to offer.. Win A OnePlus 5T Bundle With OnePlus & AndroidHeadlines – International Giveaway/ Contest, Enter Today!. The BLU VIVO 8 was just released this past week, so it should come as no surprise that it has some new hardware and an overall well-rounded set of specifications, though this isn’t a major powerhouse so consumers shouldn’t expect the hardware to be on par with top-tier flagships like the recently launched Galaxy Note 8 and newly announced LG V30. Still, the phone has held up well over the past week or so for us.. The VIVO 8 is working with a 5.5-inch Full HD screen, which is protected by Gorilla Glass 3. It’s powered by the MediaTek Helio P10 processor, which is definitely a mid-range processor, but that likely wouldn’t have been hard to pick up on considering the retail price of the phone is $299. The Helio P10 is paired up with 4GB of RAM and 64GB of internal storage, which is also expandable via microSD card if you need it. For the cameras, the VIVO 8 is working with a single rear camera sporting a 13-megapixel Sony IMX258 sensor complete with LED Flash, f/2.0 aperture, ⅓ inch sensor size, real-time HDR, and phase detection autofocus as well as laser autofocus. The front camera meanwhile is a 16-megapixel selfie camera also with an f/2,0 aperture and a front flash with both bright and soft flash features to ensure you get better lighting that’s fit for the job.. The VIVO 8 doesn’t have Quick Charge 3.0 or anything like that, but BLU is boasting an “ultra-quick” 9V/2a charger for the device, which should be handy seeing as the battery is pretty large at 4,010mAh. The size of the battery will also help as it won’t drain as fast thanks to the larger capacity. The VIVO 8 is dual SIM if you need to use two SIM cards, with one SIM slot being nano size while the other is fit for a micro SIM. It’s also got a fingerprint sensor on the front for unlocking the device, but unfortunately this is all it does as there is no NFC, which means no mobile payments. For charging it uses a micro USB port, and it’s running on Android 7.0 Nougat, albeit with BLU’s custom UI on top, which, was a bit weird at first and took some getting used to.. BLU has packed the VIVO 8’s box with a few goodies which is always nice to see when you purchase a new device, especially when that device is something that doesn’t cost more than few hundred dollars. Inside the box along with the phone you’ll find a clear silicone case, a screen protector (there’s also one already applied to the display), an OTG cable, a set of earbuds, and of course the micro USB charging cable and wall adapter. Definitely a nice little collection of extras for a device at this price range, giving it some extra value.. BLU hails its VIVO line as one of its most stylish, and it definitely is a stylish phone. That said, there are phones out there with better designs, so if aesthetics is the most important factor to you then you’ll want to consider that. The VIVO 8 comes in two different colors, Black and Gold, with a Black front on the Black model and a White front on the Gold model. BLU has used 3D glass for the display so it has slight curves just at the edges, and the left and right edges offer some pretty minimal bezels, with more substantially sized bezels for the top and bottom parts of the front panel. The bottom bezel holds the fingerprint sensor as well as two capacitive keys, and the top bezels is where you’ll obviously find the earpiece, as well as the front camera, front flash, and ambient light sensors. Both the speaker and charging port are bottom-mounted, with power and volume buttons on the right, and the SIM card tray on the left. There is also a 3.5mm audio port included here so you can plug in those earbuds that came with it, and of course on the back you’ll have the rear camera sensor and flash in the middle.. For the most part the VIVO 8 is designed pretty simply. It’s minimalist and pretty well polished, it feels good in the hand when holding it, and it just feels like a solid device. While it’s not necessarily built to be a rugged phone, should you accidentally drop it will likely be fine and it doesn’t feel cheap or poorly made, so those are both noticeable benefits worth mentioning.. This is a Full HD display, while the resolution may not be high enough for some consumers, the screen is nice as it gets plenty bright, picture quality is sharp, and the digitizer under the screen is very responsive. The colors on the screen also don’t seem too washed out or oversaturated, but the nice part is that if you feel like the color of the display is a bit off, you can simply adjust the tone by going to display settings and changing the LCD effect. Neutral is what is enabled by default, but there are also options for cool color and warm color. This is a pretty common feature on a lot of the phones coming out of China, though it is missing the option to adjust the tone manually as here there are just three predefined options.. One thing I always seem to struggle with is how high or low to set my screen brightness. I usually settle on just a little above the lowest setting unless I’m outdoors and need it to be up higher, but I am constantly changing it regardless. The VIVO 8 has a few brightness settings to help with this like adaptive brightness, which is available on virtually every smartphone running on Android, and there is also an option called Economical Backlight, which is aimed at helping you save battery power. This was on by default as well and it does seem to help extend the battery life, so it’s definitely recommended to keep it on as the screen still was able to look plenty bright with it enabled. Overall, nice display but nothing earth shattering. It looks good, functions as intended, and it’s bright when you need it bright.. The VIVO 8 is a mid-range smartphone so I expected it to perform like a mid-range smartphone. It certainly did but it was still a smooth experience for the most part. Running multiple apps wasn’t an issue for me nor was playing games. The VIVO 8 seemed to glide along without stuttering or lagging during my time with it, and this is always refreshing to see if you use your device more than just a little bit. Whenever I opened up Never Gone to play it, which is a side-scrolling action RPG beat em up style of game, with gorgeous graphics mind you, everything ran fine even after extended play, and the device never felt like it was getting too hot to the touch to where I had to put it down. That said it did get a bit warm from time to time but never to the point where it was really uncomfortable.. The only thing I seemed to have any performance issues with were the capactive keys. These do not respond well to touch, and I’m not entirely sure if this was intended or not as they will respond to pressure. You simply have to press a little harder on either key to get them to operate as opposed to simply touching them like you would most other phones that still use capacitive keys. This wouldn’t really be an issue if this was an intended design choice, except for the fact that I was never used to having pressure sensitive keys, so I would often find myself going to use one of them and remember that I needed to give it a little pressure. Also worth mentioning is that it felt like I had to press these keys exceedingly hard, harder than I should have. There’s also the possibility that they simply don’t work as well as they’re supposed to. In any case, it was an unpleasant experience with the device performance that BLU might have been better off not implementing, and instead choosing to use on-screen navigation keys.. With a 4,010mAh battery inside expect it to last a while. It’s not going to be your three-day phone that doesn’t need a charge for that amount of time, but it certainly has no problem running for a full 24 hours and then some. This isn’t to say you can use it continuously for 24 hours of course, but it will definitely last you from the time that you get up to the time that you go to sleep.. When we put the BLU VIVO 8 through the PCMark battery test it lasted about 7 hours before it was finished and needed to be recharged. It’s also worth keeping in mind that this particular test stops when the battery hits around 15-20 percent, so it wasn’t completely dead after that time. The exact time was 6 hours and 47 minutes, and during our time of use naturally it got about 6 hours and 15 minutes of screen on time before we plugged it in. I thought it might be a little bit higher with a 4,010mAh battery, but there are definitely things on the phone to help the battery life last longer too so if you’re finding it is coming up a little short, playing with the battery saving settings is a good place to start if you’re looking for ways to extend its life.. The VIVO 8 is a mid-range device so it shouldn’t be expected to hold high scores that match up with this year’s top flagships, but the device does do pretty well for its tier and in everyday use it holds up pretty well. We ran it through three different benchmark tests to see how it stacks up, and this included 3DMark for graphics, as well as Geekbench 4 and AnTuTu. If you’re interested in seeing the results from those you can view them in the gallery just below.. As mentioned in the beginning of this review the BLU VIVO 8 is a phone made in the U.S. and so it works in the U.S. It’s an unlocked device, meaning it can be used with T-Mobile and AT&T, as well as other GSM carriers. When using this phone for its voice calling capabilities, phone calls I was told sounded rather clear with no issues with quality regarding the sound of my voice, and it seemed to operate just fine on mobile data when I was using it for browsing the web, social media, and watching videos or streaming music. Using my Project Fi SIM card I wasn’t sure if things would work completely or not, if at all, but I didn’t have any real issues and I was able to get 4G LTE in most or all places I could get it with my Pixel. For the supported network frequencies, you can view the list below.. 4G LTE: Bands 2, 4, 7, 12, and 17. The fingerprint sensor on this device may not be usable for mobile payments, but it does still do more than unlock the device thanks to a swipe gesture that BLU designed for it. This can be enabled in settings, and when you have it turned on swiping either to the left or to the right will bring up the edge bar feature, and place it on the side of the display that sits in the direction you swiped. As far as the fingerprint sensor actually reading my fingerprint, it worked well and didn’t really have troubles recognizing the print I put into the device, and it seemed to unlock pretty quickly too. It might not be the fastest fingerprint sensor on the market but it’s plenty quick and it functioned as intended.. The BLU VIVO 8 is working with a single bottom-firing speaker. While the sound is pretty decent thanks to having the Maxx Audio technology, having just one speaker and having the placement of it on the bottom can make it a little bit easier to cover up when you hold the phone in landscape mode and this makes the sound a little muffled at times, though not entirely in my experience. On the flip side if you hold it right the sound ends up amplified a little bit instead as it gets a little louder from cupping your hand, so as long as your hand isn’t sitting directly on top of the speaker then the audio is actually really good. This might prove to be a little bit of an annoyance for some users though, so it’s something to keep in mind. All that aside the audio is quite loud and though at higher volumes it can get a bit tinny it’s really not bad at all. For those who do use phone speakers for audio when watching videos, listening to music, or playing games, you shouldn’t be disappointed, and for anyone else who wants a little bit better of an audio experience you can always plug in headphones or connect a pair, or connect a Bluetooth speaker.. BLU’s software is like many other OEMs in the sense that it comes with its own design and user interface style on top of the Android software, but not in the sense that it looks or feels like UIs from other brands. It has a look and feel that seems unique and all its own. Part of this uniqueness is also the features and functionality though and not just the way that it looks, but the design is definitely going to be a big part of it. For starters, the VIVO 8 doesn’t have an app drawer which means all of your installed apps end up on the home screen, and once a page fills up a new home screen page is created to accommodate more apps. This is very much like what you’ll find with a lot of Chinese brand Android smartphones, and it’s not typically what I’m personally used to so I wasn’t fond of it. That said it wasn’t hard to become familiar with it.. Design aside BLU’s software has quite a few different perks and various features that you won’t find in other software, namely stock software, and despite the different home screen style the extra features might be enough to entice people. For example, the VIVO 8 has a feature where you can swipe to the left or right on the fingerprint sensor to bring up the Edge Bar, and this essentially acts as a bar full of quick shortcuts that allow you faster access to a number of apps of your choosing. This can be for adding extra apps that you can’t fit on your main home screen or if you simply want to keep the main home screen free this can be a way for you to quickly get to those apps without having to scroll to the page where they normally reside. One aspect of the UI that I found strange was that BLU decided to split up the notification shade and quick settings panels. The notification shade is still accessible by dragging down from the top of the display, but the quick settings have been moved to the bottom edge. So instead of dragging down again on the notification shade, you drag up from the bottom of the screen. This took me a little while to get used to because there has never been another phone that I’ve used which implemented this feature.. The VIVO 8 also has a suspend button which looks like a little dot that sits off to the edge of the display. When tapped, it opens up a handful of functions, each with their own button, including a button that takes you back to the home screen, a back button, a lock button, and a button which shrinks the screen down to a more manageable size for use with one hand. If you want to hide the suspend button but not turn it off completely it’s possible to do this just by long pressing on it which will make it retreat to the notification shade. This is a persistent notification so you can go back to it any time and tap on it again and it’ll open it back up to being visible on the edge of the display. The phone also features a number of smart gestures like Smart Dial, Smart Answer, Black Screen Gestures, Smart Bright Screen and more. Overall the software experience was a little unfamiliar at first but it wasn’t too far removed from standard Android software, and the device is running Nougat so you get all of the benefits that most other Nougat devices have as well. When it comes down to it the software is just fine even if it doesn’t look or feel like stock Android, and some might actually prefer what BLU has done with the software here.. The camera on the VIVO 8 is actually quite packed full of features, including HDR and Auto HDR, a panorama mode, a Slow Motion Video recording mode, and even a Pro Mode which lets you adjust things like ISO, White Balance, Shutter Speed, Exposure Compensation and more. For a phone that costs just about $300 at retail, BLU has given consumers quite a lot to work with when it comes to the main camera on the VIVO 8, which is not only surprising considering its cost but a nice refreshing change of pace as phones at this price usually don’t have this many extras.. All told there are 17 different modes for the camera. From the viewfinder screen you’ll find the video mode, the Face Beauty mode, the normal Photo mode, the Panorama mode, and the Professional mode. On the left side of the UI you’ll see a little button made up of four colored squares, and this is the menu for the other modes which includes a Translation mode, a Card Scanner mode, Mood Photo, Time-Lapse, Smart Scene, PicNote, Night, Slow Motion (video), GIF, and there’s even another button for Professional mode here. Modes aside, when it comes to the actual camera quality of the device the pictures came out pretty detailed with good color reproduction and sharp, crisp details. Nothing seemed too washed out or oversaturated with color, and things like zoom and focus seemed to operate rather quickly which made taking pictures a lot easier than some of the devices I’ve used in this price range. It was a pretty good camera experience and one that would actually probably surprise a few users, while making a majority of consumers happy. Granted this may not be the best smartphone camera on the market but it does a pretty good job and it’s one that I wouldn’t be disappointed with if it was the camera I was using on my daily driver. All in all BLU has done a good job with the camera and it’s a point which deserves to be celebrated.. Unlocked and works in the U.S. Gesture on the fingerprint sensor for opening up a quick shortcut/quick launch bar. Good build quality and nice design. Capacitive keys instead of software keys, which seemed to be more pressure sensitive or just weren’t working properly.. BLU may have had a little bit of a bad rep because of a couple of their older phones having issues with a particular software that was installed on them, but the VIVO 8 is actually a great little device which comes in at a good price point and is an especially good value for what you’re getting. This is something that all consumers who are looking for a good smartphone and are looking to keep the price around $300 should consider.. Should you buy the BLU VIVO 8?. The BLU VIVO 8 is a good phone with plenty of features to make it interesting, functional, and it’s stylish. Plus it works in the U.S. on GSM networks and it supports 4G LTE, and I was even able to use my Project Fi SIM card in it which means you should have no issues getting it to work with any GSM carriers in the U.S. Unless you want something with the most high-powered specs out there, this is a pretty decent phone that is capable of doing what many consumers will need, and it won’t cost a lot, and it has a good main camera and a good front-facing camera. If you aren’t worried about the lack of NFC and mobile payments, this is worth considering as. BLU’s VIVO 8 wow’s users with more functions for less cost, displaying it’s still possible to get a great device for not a lot of money.. Chrome 61 Stable Hits Desktop Focused On Security Fixes. Google Adds Greek Language Support To Gboard For Android. Blu , Reviews , Various Smartphones. Samsung Announces AI, AR-Focused Galaxy S9 & S9 Plus – MWC 2.... MWC 2018’s most notable announcement has just taken place with Samsung hosting its event and introducing its latest flagship smartphone, the Samsung Galaxy S9. This is the first major smartphone to come through from Samsung in 2018 and akin to recent Galaxy S launches, Samsung has unveiled two models: the standard Galaxy S9 and the […]. Mobile World Congress 2018 Press Day Wrap Up: All You Need T.... Mobile World Congress 2018 officially starts tomorrow for when they open the show floor up to attendees at the conference center, but today was the press day full of conferences from some of the biggest manufacturers like Nokia and Samsung, with those two being the most notable. Nokia of course revealed some pretty big details […]. Speck Has Eight Cases For Samsung’s New Galaxy S9 Devices –.... Speck has now announced its own protective cases for the brand new Samsung Galaxy S9 and Galaxy S9 Plus, which were revealed today at MWC 2018 in Barcelona. There are 8 cases in total in the new lineup. Those range in price from around $39.95 to just shy of $60 and there are several designs […]. T-Mobile Left Customer Session Vulnerable Again In December. T-Mobile apparently suffered the effects of a previously unreported vulnerability several months ago which would have allowed hackers to log into the site as any one of the company’s subscribers. In fact, the bug was reportedly noted back on December 19 and, according to a statement released by the service provider, was fixed within hours […]. Video: Samsung Galaxy S9 and S9 Plus Hands On – MWC 2018. The Samsung Galaxy S9 and Galaxy S9 Plus are both finally official, and they bring lots of new stuff to the table. Spec wise both are running the latest Snapdragon 845 chipset in the US or the Exynos 9810 internationally, and both feature at least 64GB of internal storage with microSD card support. Win A Samsung Galaxy S9 With AndroidHeadlines – International Giveaway. Samsung Exec Quiet About Galaxy X, Reaffirms Bixby Speaker. Samsung’s Galaxy S9 and Galaxy S9 Plus launch appear to have gone off without a hitch but when asked about the company’s long-rumored folding smartphone – tentatively, the Galaxy X – the company is reportedly still not talking, according to CEO DJ Koh who responded to questions about the device during the launch at MWC […]. Vodafone UK Opens Galaxy S9 & Galaxy S9 Plus Pre-Orders – MW.... The newly unveiled Samsung Galaxy S9 and Galaxy S9 Plus are officially up for pre-order at a growing number of carriers and Vodafone in the UK is another provider which joins that list. Perhaps the most anticipated flagship to be shown at this year’s MWC 2018 event, the devices will be available in three distinct […]. Hands On With The Samsung Galaxy S9 Plus – MWC 2018. Along with the Galaxy S9, Samsung also debuted the Galaxy S9 Plus at Mobile World Congress today, in Barcelona. We got a change to experience it in their “Experience Zone” after the show, and it’s a mighty fine piece of hardware. It is actually a bit more different from its smaller brother this year, other […]. Deal: Amazon Fire TV Stick With Alexa Voice Remote For $30 –.... Amazon’ Fire TV Stick is one of the better media streaming devices if you want something that gives you access to just about all your favorite movies and TV shows, as it connects you to a world of content from popular services and lets you stream that content right on the TV or monitor that […]. EE Opens Samsung Galaxy S9 & S9 Plus UK Pre-Orders. EE has now confirmed it is already accepting pre-orders for the Samsung Galaxy S9 and S9 Plus in the UK. Along with that confirmation EE has provided basic pricing details which vary depending on the plan chosen. For example, those looking to take advantage of EE’s “Essential”plan (4GB data, unlimited talk and text) can pick […]. Mobile World Congress 2018 Press Day Wrap Up: All You Need To Know. Hands On With The Samsung Galaxy S9 – MWC 2018. Samsung just took the wraps off of two new smartphones, here at Mobile World Congress. Which include the Galaxy S9 and Galaxy S9 Plus. Surprisingly, there is a lot more in terms of differences this year, than just the screen sizes. The smaller, Galaxy S9, has just one camera on the backside. O2 Galaxy S9 & Galaxy S9 Plus Pre-Orders Go Live – MWC 2018.... O2 Galaxy S9 and Galaxy S9 Plus pre-orders have gone live, and are currently ready for those looking to place their orders as soon as possible. O2 says the pre-orders are available online but it doesn’t state that they’re not available in O2 retail stores, so anyone looking to place those orders in person may […]. Sprint Confirms March 16 Galaxy S9 & Galaxy S9 Plus Launch –.... Sprint is set to officially launch the Galaxy S9 on March 16 alongside the Galaxy S9 Plus, Samsung’s newest phones which it just unveiled today during Mobile World Congress at the Galaxy Unpacked press conference. The Galaxy S9 and Galaxy S9 Plus were originally thought to be coming to market as Samsung’s most expensive phones […]. Video: T-Mobile Unboxes Samsung Galaxy S9 On The “Moon”. T-Mobile Product Marketing official Desmond Smith is back with his series of extreme smartphone unboxing videos but is doing things a bit differently for Samsung’s Galaxy S9 and Galaxy S9 Plus. While the setting of his latest unboxing is still unconventional, it’s far less adrenaline-inducing than the environments featured in previous installments of his long-running […]. Samsung Galaxy S9 & S9 Plus Compatible With 2017 Gear VR – M.... Samsung held its MWC 2018 event today where the Galaxy S9 and S9 Plus were both formally announced. The event focused quite heavily on the camera features on offer with these phones, and at both the hardware and software levels. What was largely absent from the event, however, was any detailed talk on virtual reality […]. Video: Samsung Galaxy S9 and S9 Plus Hands On – MWC 2018. Best Samsung Galaxy S9 & S9 Plus Accessories – February 2018.... The Samsung Galaxy S9 and Galaxy S9 Plus are now official and available for pre-order. It’ll be arriving shortly, and now is the time to go ahead and pick up some accessories for your new smartphone. Whether that be a new case, a screen protector, maybe some headphones or even a car mount. Motorola’s New Ad Seems Like Subtle Dig At Competing OEMs. At just 16-seconds in length, Motorola’s latest brand advertisement appears to make no qualms about what the company sees as a common issue in the mobile industry. In fact, it could easily be seen as an indirect dig at some of the Lenovo-owned company’s larger competitors, such as Samsung or Apple. Samsung Outs SmartThings App For Galaxy S9 – MWC 2018. Major OEM Samsung is not only announcing the Galaxy S9 and Galaxy S9 Plus today, but also a new version of the dedicated SmartThings app that will release alongside the new flagships and allow them to act in full capacity as users’ IoT hubs. Along with being able to use all the features of the […]. Samsung Galaxy S9 Boasts ‘Refined’ Screen, ‘Cinematic’ Audio.... Samsung has revealed how its recently announced Galaxy S9 lineup improves upon the Infinity Display that debuted with last year’s Galaxy S8 series. The South Korean company’s latest flagships improve upon their predecessors in a number of areas, with the. camera and AI features being the main focus. Galaxy S9 Camera Features Better Slow-Mo, Bixby Integration. Samsung is kicking off its time at this year’s Mobile World Congress by outing the Galaxy S9 and Galaxy S9 Plus in a series of focused looks at different aspects of the phone, and the camera in particular brings a ton of new features and improvements, such as Super Slow-Mo and deeper integration with the […]. Hands On With The Samsung Galaxy S9 Plus – MWC 2018. Galaxy S9 Combines Iris & Face Scanning, Simplifies Security.... With Samsung’s Galaxy S9 and Galaxy S9 Plus now officially revealed at MWC 2018, the company has continued the rollout of related product information, specifically highlighting the security features of the two flagships. The firm has unsurprisingly continued to bolster and improve the implementation of its already well-known Knox feature for enterprise and personal users […]. Samsung Galaxy S9 Starts At $960 CAD Unlocked In Canada. The unlocked variant of the Galaxy S9 will start at $960 CAD in Canada, whereas the Galaxy S9 Plus will be priced at $1,100 CAD.. Consumers looking to acquire the new devices on a contract will be met with an upfront fee of $249 CAD for the Galaxy S9 and $379 CAD for the Galaxy […]. Galaxy S9 & Galaxy S9 Plus Come To Xfinity Mobile March 16 –.... The Samsung Galaxy S9 and Galaxy S9 Plus will come to Xfinity Mobile on March 16 just as with the other carriers in the U.S. and with Samsung’s own online store. Xfinity Mobile customers will be able to get up to $450 off the price of either phone when utilizing a coupe of promotions that […]. Samsung Shares Insights Into 9 New Galaxy S9 Features – MWC.... Tying in with its MWC 2018 reveal of the new Samsung Galaxy S9 and Galaxy S9 Plus, Samsung has now released a new set of hands-on videos showing off 9 of those flagships’ best features. Those, of course, include an overview of the overall design refinements made on top of the Galaxy S8 and Galaxy […]. Qualcomm Snapdragon 845 Powers Samsung Galaxy S9 US Models –.... Qualcomm’s Snapdragon 845 chip is set to power the U.S. variants of the Galaxy S9 and Galaxy S9 Plus, the chipmaker confirmed Sunday, shortly after Samsung officially announced its latest Android flagships. Gigabit LTE and UHD Premium video recording boasted by the newly unveiled devices are directly enabled by the Snapdragon 845, Qualcomm claims. Hands On With The Samsung Galaxy S9 – MWC 2018. AT&T To Launch Galaxy S9, Galaxy S9 Plus March 16 From $790.... AT&T is set to launch the Galaxy S9 and Galaxy S9 Plus on March 16 from $790, which will be the cost of the Galaxy S9, while the Galaxy S9 Plus will be quite a bit more for a retail cost of $915. As to exact pricing, AT&T will be offering both phones on the […]. Samsung Galaxy S9, S9 Plus US Availability & Pricing – MWC 2.... The Samsung Galaxy S9 and S9 Plus are now official having been introduced by Samsung today during the company’s MWC 2018 event. Along with the announcement, Samsung has provided some details regarding general – specific to US consumers – pricing and availability. For example, and while prices will vary somewhat if purchased through a carrier, […]. Galaxy S9 & Galaxy S9 Plus Come To Verizon March 16 – MWC 20.... The Samsung Galaxy S9 and Galaxy S9 Plus come to Verizon Wireless on March 16, which is just a few short weeks away. Samsung officially announced the two new phones, its latest flagships, at its Galaxy Unpacked press conference today during Mobile World Congress, showcasing the latest and greatest that it has to offer and […]. T-Mobile Galaxy S9 Hits March 16, Pre-Orders Start March 2 –.... T-Mobile’s Samsung Galaxy S9 and Galaxy S9 Plus will launch on March 16 with pre-orders beginning on march 2, following Samsung’s official announcement of the device today at its Galaxy Unpacked event during Mobile World Congress 2018. The carrier will sell three of the four colors that Samsung has produced including the Midnight Black, Coral […]. Samsung Galaxy S9 Boasts AR Emoji, Better Biometrics & More.... Samsung on Sunday officially announced the Galaxy S9 and Galaxy S9 Plus following months of anticipation and rumors, having revealed its most capable Android flagships to date. Beyond boasting about their raw processing power, the South Korean phone maker also spent a lot of time talking about various special features of its new series, and […]. Best Samsung Galaxy S9 & S9 Plus Accessories – February 2018. Galaxy S9 & S9 Plus Available Globally Starting March 16 – M.... Samsung had introduced its new flagship smartphones, the Galaxy S9 and Galaxy S9 Plus, earlier today, and along with the announcement itself, the company shared some availability info for the two phones. It was announced that the Galaxy S9 and Galaxy S9 Plus will go on sale on March 16 in ‘select markets’, while no […]. Samsung Galaxy S9 Camera Has Record-Wide & Variable Aperture.... Samsung on Sunday announced its latest Android flagships following much anticipation, having unveiled them in the form of the Galaxy S9 and Galaxy S9 Plus at the latest iteration of Mobile World Congress in Barcelona, Spain. While the smartphones are arguably offering incremental upgrades over their predecessors in most aspects, they are promising to deliver […]. Specs: Samsung Galaxy S9 Plus – MWC 2018. The Samsung Galaxy S9 and Galaxy S9 Plus were announced earlier today in Barcelona, we’ve already talked about both of those phones, and took a closer look at the Galaxy S9’s specs, so it’s time to do the same for the Galaxy S9 Plus. Before we start talking about specs, though, it’s worth noting that […]. Samsung Galaxy S9 Messages App Uses Tenor GIF Search Engine.... The default Samsung Messages app pre-installed on the newly announced Galaxy S9 and Galaxy S9 Plus will feature native support for GIF search engine Tenor, the two companies said Sunday. The same feature will also be distributed to other Samsung-made devices once it debuts on the Galaxy S9 lineup, with Tenor confirming the rollout will […]. Specs: Samsung Galaxy S9 – MWC 2018. Samsung introduced its new flagship smartphones today,. the Galaxy S9 and Galaxy S9 Plus, and despite the fact they look almost identical, they do ship with somewhat different spec sheets, so we’re here to take a closer look at what the Galaxy S9 has to offer in that regard. The Galaxy S9 and Galaxy S9 Plus […]. Samsung Galaxy S9, S9 Plus US Availability & Pricing – MWC 2018. Samsung Galaxy S9 Uses Galaxy S8 Battery More Efficiently –.... Samsung announced the latest additions to its Android flagship portfolio, having unveiled them in the form of the Galaxy S9 and Galaxy S9 Plus earlier today. The two devices sport the same Infinity Display AMOLED panels as their predecessors and are similar in terms of their overall physical footprint, thus also featuring Li-Ion batteries similar […]. Nokia Commits Most Future Smartphones To Android One – MWC 2.... Nokia is committing most future smartphones to Android One according to the company, which just announced the changes for its smartphone lineups going forward at Mobile World Congress 2018 during its press conference. Worth noting is that it will have some phones that will be part of the Android Go program as well, but save […]. Nokia 6 (2018) With Android One & Nokia 8110 4G Now Official.... HMD Global took to this year’s iteration of Mobile World Congress to announce five new devices, including a revised version of the Nokia 6 (2018) which originally launched in China early last month. The new model that’s now coming to the West is being released as part of Google’s Android One program meant to showcase […]. Nokia 8 Sirocco Android One Smartphone Announced With SD835.... HMD Global announced five smartphones during its MWC 2018 press conference, and one of those smartphones is the Nokia 8 Sirocco. This handset has been leaking for quite some time now, and the Nokia 8 Sirocco is actually both the most powerful and most expensive device HMD announced today. This is one of two Nokia-branded, […]. ZTE Showcases 5G Phone Prototype Supporting 1.2Gbps Speeds –.... ZTE arrived at the latest iteration of Mobile World Congress to announce a plethora of new products and showcase multiple hi-tech solutions, including its prototype of a 5G-ready smartphone. While the company already managed to break the gigabit mark last year, its latest invention supports download speeds of up to 1.2Gbps, with ZTE describing it […]. Galaxy S9 & S9 Plus Available Globally Starting March 16 – MWC 2018. Get your app reviewd by our editorial staff. Let us know your insider tip. 
more ... more .... more ... more .... MEMORY: 64 GB + MicroSD. View all photos (6). Lots of RAM (4 GB RAM). The BLU Vivo 8 comes with a 5.5-inch 1080p, 2 GHz octa-core processor, 4 GB of RAM, 64 GB of storage (expandable via microSD card), a 13-megapixel rear shooter and a 16 megapixel selfie unit, both with flashes.. Dimensions: 6.08 x 3.01 x 0.33 inches (154.5 x 76.5 x 8.3 mm). Weight: 6.35 oz (180 g) the average is 5.6 oz (159 g). Resolution: 1080 x 1920 pixels. Features: Scratch-resistant glass (Corning Gorilla Glass 3), Ambient light sensor, Proximity sensor. Pixel density - The pixel density of a display represents the number of pixels over an area of one inch. It’s measured in “pixels per inch”, or ppi. The higher the number, the more detailed and good-looking the display is.. Technology - There are two main screen technologies currently used in phones and tablets: LCD and AMOLED. The former usually features a light source and liquid crystals, while the latter is based on organic light-emitting diodes. Newer LCD variations like IPS-LCD and Super-LCD allow for very accurate color reproduction and very wide viewing angles, where no significant image quality loss is observed. Current AMOLED screens differ in such a way that they can exhibit much more saturated colors (sometimes too much) and incredibly high contrast levels, which is due to black color being completely black in AMOLED displays.. Screen-to-body ratio - Shows what part of the frontal area of a phone its screen occupies.. Software Features: Touch to focus, Face detection, Self-timer, Digital zoom, Geo tagging. Shooting Modes: High Dynamic Range mode (HDR). Aperture size - The aperture of a camera is the opening through which light travels before it reaches the camera sensor. The smaller the number is, the bigger this opening is, allowing for more light to pass.. Camera sensor size - A bigger camera sensor is able to capture more light, and thus produce better photos.. Pixel size - The size of an individual pixel on a camera's sensor. Octa-core, 2000 MHz, ARM Cortex-A53, 64-bit, 28 nm. System chip - Most modern handsets use an advanced chip that includes many of the device’s hardware modules like the processor, Wi-Fi, Bluetooth and sometimes even the wireless radio. This field shows what particular system chip (or System-on-a-Chip) is used in the phone.. Processor - The processor is the main computing component of a phone and is a major factor when it comes to the overall speed of the device. Some more powerful smartphones use dual-core and quad-core processors designed to deliver greater performance.. Graphics processor - The graphics processor is important for the smooth operation of the system and especially in games and other applications that may involve complex graphics and animations.. System memory - System memory, or RAM memory is the type of memory that the device uses to temporarily store data from the OS or currently-running apps. The more RAM available to the device, the better the performance will be when multiple or heavier programs are running.. Built-in storage - Bigger storage capacity allows you to keep more content saved onto your device, such as more applications, photos or video. Games and video content typically take up the biggest amount of storage space.. Storage expansion - Some handsets allow you to expand their storage capacity by using a memory expansion card – most often microSD. Expansion memory is mostly suitable for media storage, such as photo, video or music content.. Talk time: 48.00 hours the average is 20 h (1229 min). Stand-by time: 20.0 days (480 hours) the average is 21 days (502 h). Capacity - The bigger, the better! However, battery capacity is not the only factor that has an effect on battery life. Those include the chipset in use, the software running on the device, as well as the consumer's unique usage pattern.. Multimedia Screen mirroring: Wireless screen share. Filter by: Album, Artist, Genre, Playlists. Features: Album art cover, Background playback. Cellular GSM: 850, 900, 1800, 1900 MHz. UMTS: 850, 1700/2100, 1900, 2100 MHz. LTE (FDD): Bands 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 7, 28. Other features: Voice dialing, Voice commands, Voice recording. Features: Mass storage device, USB charging. Other: VoIP, Tethering, Computer sync, OTA sync. Positioning - This field shows the positioning systems supported by the device. The most common types are GPS and A-GPS.. GPS - This is one of the most widespread global positioning technologies, developed and maintained by the U.S. It uses satellites in order to detect your location. A-GPS - A-GPS stands for Assisted GPS and is the industry standard for positioning and navigation. “Assisted” means that it can use local wireless networks, in addition to satellites, for quicker and more precise localization.. Availability Officially announced: 30 Aug 2017. To see the full specifications with in-depth details click here.. Despite our efforts to provide full and correct BLU Vivo 8 specifications, there is always a possibility of making a mistake. If you see any wrong or incomplete data, please LET US KNOW .. If you are interested in using our specs commercially, check out our Phone specs database licensing page.. $180 Buy. Gear S4 may come with a blood pressure monitor, Samsung patent reveals. Google Pay launches today, but its most important feature is not here yet. Galaxy S9 and S9+ previewed in glorious detail with full specs and release date. Galaxy S9 and S9+ price and release date on Verizon, AT&T, T-Mobile and Best Buy. The Samsung Galaxy S9 and S9+ have game-changing cameras with variable aperture and 960fps slow-mo video recording. The Big Barcelona Camera Comparison: iPhone X vs Pixel 2 XL vs Note 8. Samsung Galaxy S9 and S9+ rumor review: Specs, design, features, price and release date. Sony presents Xperia XZ2 and XZ2 Compact: new design and Snapdragon 845. Galaxy S9 Exynos edition gets benchmarked against rivals!. Galaxy S9 first camera comparison vs iPhone X, V30, S8. Samsung Galaxy S9 & S9+ hands-on. MWC 2018: top smartphones to expect. Best smartphone you can buy in 2018. Allo is a quality app, but Google isn't giving it a real chance. All content (phone reviews, news, specs, info), design and layouts are Copyright 2001-2018 phoneArena.com. Reproduction in whole or in part or in any form or medium without written permission is prohibited! Privacy. 
Submit a Tip / Contact Us. Blu Vivo 8: Android 7.0 Nougat, fingerprint scanner, and a 4,010 mAh battery for just. Facebook Twitter Google Pinterest LinkedIn Reddit. Blu’s been making affordable Android phones for a few years now, and following a misstep with Amazon earlier this month , the company has announced its latest smartphone — the Blu Vivo 8. The Vivo 8 won’t knock your socks off, but the features and specs it offers are quite impressive for its price.. The Vivo 8 features a 5.5-inch 1920 x 1080 Full HD display. The screen is covered with Corning Gorilla Glass 3, and directly below it is where you’ll find the phone’s front-facing fingerprint scanner. The Vivo 8’s body is made out of 87% metal, and while that remaining 13% is plastic, the phone should still feel quite premium in the hand.. The back of the Vivo 8 is home to a 13MP Sony IMX258 camera with an f/2.0 aperture, whereas the front-facing camera offers a resolution of 16MP with its own flash. You won’t find any dual-camera systems here, but for a phone at this price, we really wouldn’t expect one.. Packed inside of the Blu Vivo 8 is a MediaTek Helio P10 octa-core processor clocked at 2.0GHz, 4GB of RAM for smooth multitasking, 64GB of internal storage that can be expanded with a microSD card up to an additional 64GB, and a large 4,010 mAh battery that will likely offer enough power for more than a single day’s use.. Other features include Android 7.0 Nougat, FM radio support via NextRadio, Bluetooth 4.0, 4G LTE support on GSM networks, and microUSB rather than the newer USB Type-C.. The Blu Vivo 8 comes in both Black and Gold colors, and although the retail price of $299.99 is already quite fair, you’ll be able to purchase the phone for just $199.99 starting on August 31 through 11:59 PM EST on September 1.. If you’re interested in the Blu Vivo 8, you can check it out and purchase it on Amazon here.. Check out 9to5Google on YouTube for more news:. Joe has been a writer and occasional video producer for 9to5Google since July 2017. Follow him on Twitter @JoeMaring1 and send all emails to joe@9to5mac.com.. Samsung Galaxy S9: Here's what you probably missed. Sony Xperia XZ2, XZ2 Compact are redesigned flagships w.... Zolo Mojo Review: Google Home Mini gets a sound upgrade. 'Reply' creates smart replies in your notifications. blog comments powered by Disqus. 
Sony Xperia XZ2 and Xperia XZ2 Compact go live with new…. LG V30S ThinQ arrives with an AI-powered camera, more RAM and…. Alcatel 3 Series will be offered in three variants. ZTE USA debuts Tempo Go as first Android Go phone for…. HUAWEI announces a 5G endpoint for telecom carries and the MediaPad…. All Accessory Reviews App Reviews Hardware Reviews Smartphone Reviews. UHANS Max 2 review: A mega-phablet that won’t break the bank. Seven astrology apps for those who want to know what fate…. Blu Vivo X review: Can you get a flagship experience for…. Seven self-help and motivation apps to channel your inner peace. Tricks, tips, and tweaks: 10 things every Pixel 2 absolutely must…. Five Android Oreo features you can install on any Android phone. Five ways to beef up your Instagram privacy. Nine tips & tricks to master Google Keep. How to disable personalized ads on Android. Reviews Smartphone Reviews BLU VIVO 8L Smartphone Review. Two levels of power saving modes for even more battery life. Just a couple months ago we took a look at the BLU VIVO 8 , which garnered our praise for performing so well at. BLU has been in the budget smartphone game for quite some time now and it definitely shows. Coupled with the fact that you can readily pick one up at Amazon or even in Best Buy stores, its phones are. of our top recommendations if you prefer more humble Android smartphone offerings.. you still found the $299 price of the. VIVO 8 a bit much, BLU is throwing another option now into the mix. The company sent us its newly launched little brother, the VIVO 8L. Let’s see if it can maintain the same bang-for-the-buck awesomeness.. It’s immediately apparent that the VIVO 8L is a sibling of the 8.. This cheaper variant fortunately maintains the metal uni-body casing that the original had. In-hand, you get that cold metal feeling along with a smooth, premium finish. our dark gray (almost black) model hides them well.. The fingerprint scanner works flawlessly and is notably quick to respond. It continually scans – you don’t have to wake the phone first.. On the bottom, you’ll find a back-firing external speaker, headphone jack, and microUSB charging port (quick charge supported). An unexpected change happened with the fingerprint scanner.. BLU moved it from the front to the back, like many manufacturers today are opting for. It’s circular and is placed right under the rear camera. the sensor matches exactly with the metal surrounding, but your finger can easily find it. In our opinion, the phone looks much cleaner with this change. The front still has capacitive navigation buttons, but. with Google’s icons for Recent Apps, Home, and Back.. It’s nice that BLU pre-installs a screen protector on the display. its curved glass design leaves the screen exposed and vulnerable. You won’t want to set it face down without a screen protector, even with its Gorilla Glass 3 protection. It sure does look pretty though!. Like on the VIVO 8 (and most budget phones), the 8L is powered by a MediaTek chipset. It has a slightly down-clocked version of MediaTek’s 67XX series – a. 1.3GHz MT6753 versus the 2.0GHz MT6755 chipset on the VIVO 8. But it’s still an octa-core processor with 64-bit support. RAM is also slightly knocked at still a capable 3GB.. As imagined, these minimal changes do end up being little consequence in real-world use. Navigation throughout the VIVO 8L is. as responsive as we would want. We weren’t at all left wishing for more horsepower. Sure, it’s not going to quite fly like top-end Android flagships, but it’s really not far off. Probably the most crucial downgrade was the drop from 64GB to 32GB of internal storage. But fortunately, microSD expansion is still supported (up to 64GB).. One of the best things is that the battery capacity was barely touched from the VIVO 8 – reduced only by 10mAh. Coupled with the VIVO 8L’s reduced power components, we achieved some worthy battery life stats. The 8L can easily last through a day, and. Battery life is probably the biggest win of the VIVO 8L.. The screen size of the VIVO 8L gets a slight drop to 5.3″. The resolution is also knocked to 720P, but the impact from the VIVO 8 is minimal due to the size reduction. No, this is not going to come close to the sharpness of top-end Androids, but it’s no way a fuzzy mess. The screen setup is decent and certainly. This is an IPS LCD panel, so you won’t get the color pop and clear viewing angles that OLED panels provide. That said, the image quality is preserved at even extreme viewing angles, with only a slight brightness shift. The best thing about this panel is that it gets notably bright. Around 50% brightness was plenty for us in most situations, and outdoor visibility in sunshine is respectable.. The VIVO 8L manages to retain the same primary camera as its bigger brother – the 13MP Sony IMX258 sensor. We found this camera to perform decently in our VIVO 8 review, but nothing to necessarily write home about. It’s important to know that it lacks optically image stabilization that is now common in higher-end phones. Its f/2.0 lens aperture is respectable, and Auto HDR is on-board to help with those tricky lightning situations.. Check out some of our camera samples:. In well-lit situations, the quality of our shots very good for this price range. Detail from the 16MP capture can. be clearly seen from macro to landscape shots. Indoors in lower light, things can. quickly become noisy, as well as over-highlighting or over-darkening in higher dynamic range situations – things expected for a mid-range smartphone camera (considering the. VIVO 8L is priced more towards the low-end).. We must mention that BLU upgraded the front camera. We thought a 16MP capture resolution was already considerable on the VIVO 8; now there’s a whopping 20MP selfie shooter there. The front camera has 7MP more than the main camera. Apparently BLU is really serious about selfies. And that spec sure does translate to great image quality.. Even high-end Androids (with their measly 5MP or 8MP cameras) won’t compare in regard to detail captured.. BLU nicely stays up to date with Android’s on-goings. On the VIVO 8L, we’re looking at Android 7.0 (Nougat) build. We like that BLU’s software tweaks aren’t heavy. The UI still largely looks like stock Android. The Recent Apps carousel and app drawer, for instance, look pure. The split-screen multitasking function also works like it does on stock. There is some app bloat pre-installed, but we like that BLU uses Google apps were applicable.. However, the UI changes that BLU did make are almost all questionable. One of our biggest gripes was with the notification drop-down. The Quick Settings menu seems to be completely removed. We made a bunch of attempts to try to get it to display and failed. There’s absolutely no reason to do this. every time we simply want to adjust the brightness, we need to dig into the Settings menu. And speaking of which, BLU’s custom Settings menu layout is a mess. Why not just keep things the way they are in stock Android, especially when it adds no value to change it? We also don’t know why. Nougat’s up/down swipe in the Home screen to access the app drawer was reverted back to a button.. Features tab of the Settings menu. Not all the tweaks are bad though. BLU’s addition of some useful gestures is generous, such as double tap to wake and or the ability to draw a pattern on the screen while it’s off to activate a function. Also, there’s an extra tab in the Settings called “Features” that provide shortcuts to the phone’s useful abilities. One of these is the two-tier power saving modes.. To sum it up, the BLU VIVO 8L certainly does maintain the line’s bang-for-the-buck superiority. It even improves on it a couple ways, with slightly better battery life results and an upgraded front camera. Our only gripes considering the low price of this phone is the unnecessary software tweaks to the Android OS, though it’s not severe. We can easily recommend the VIVO 8L at a retail of $200.. And for its launch, BLU is for limited time knocking $50 off when purchasing from Amazon. The VIVO 8L is no doubt a bargain at $150.. TAGS affordable blu budget VIVO 8L. Previous article Google Lens is rolling out to the Pixel and Pixel XL in Photos app. Next article How do they compare: ZTE Axon M vs Axon 7. Josh Noriega likes tech so much that he writes about it. Follow him on Twitter (@joshnor713) or Google+ (+JoshNoriega).. UHANS Max 2 review: A mega-phablet that won’t break the bank. Blu Vivo X review: Can you get a flagship experience for under $250?. ASUS, Project Tango, and what could have been (ASUS ZenFone AR Review). Pingback: BLU VIVO 8L Smartphone Review – PhoneHeadline.com/ (). Tricks, tips, and tweaks: 10 things every Pixel 2 absolutely must.... The Pixel 2 is one of the best phones you can buy today. Not just for the hardware, but because of the incredible amount of power in Android 8.0 Oreo. Let us help you customize the experience to your exact liking!. Sony Xperia XZ2 and Xperia XZ2 Compact go live with new.... Sony launches a new pair of flagships with refined design, 18:9 aspect ratio and the powerful Snapdragon 845 processor under the hood.. LG V30S ThinQ arrives with an AI-powered camera, more RAM and.... Alcatel 3 Series will be offered in three variants. Tricks, tips, and tweaks: 10 things every Pixel 2 absolutely must know. Five Android Oreo features you can install on any Android phone. Follow us on Instagram @androidguys. Stop missing deadlines and grab a lifetime license of Aeon Timeline.... Isn't it time you start acting responsibly? Pick up a lifetime license to Aeon Timeline 2 and you'll be better organized and ready to hit deadlines and goals in a timely manner. Save 60% through our store today!. Charge up your phone with a sophisticated looking marble wireless Qi.... Seven astrology apps for those who want to know what fate.... Pay as little as you want to learn Python with our.... Pick up a lifetime 2TB Zoolz cloud storage plan for $50. Tricks, tips, and tweaks: 10 things every Pixel 2 absolutely must know. Five Android Oreo features you can install on any Android phone. Five ways to beef up your Instagram privacy. Now in our tenth year, AndroidGuys loves to provide readers with the latest news and rumors as well as reviews, opinion pieces, and tools to get more from your Android.. 
Search Search Skip to Navigation Skip to Market Summary Skip to Main Content Skip to Related Content. Watchlists My Portfolio My Screeners Markets Industries Personal Finance Technology Originals Events. Markets open in 2 hrs 36 mins. S&P Futures 2,759.50 Dow Futures 25,473.00 Nasdaq Futures 6,928.75 Russell 2000 1,549.19 Crude Oil 63.52 Gold 1,340.60 Silver 16.64 EUR/USD 1.23. + 10.75 ( + 0.39% ). + 159.00 ( + 0.63% ). + 19.00 ( + 0.27% ). + 19.20 ( + 1.25% ). + 10.30 ( + 0.77% ). + 0.16 ( + 0.95% ). + 0.00 ( + 0.36% ). Subscribe to Yahoo Finance's Morning Brief Newsletter. Top headlines and a preview of the day ahead.. BLU Products Announces Its Latest Flagship, the BLU VIVO 8, the Newest Member of the Stylish VIVO Series. Panorama Selfie to capture beautiful backgrounds Bright and Soft Front Flash for better low-light selfies Group Selfie Mode to make sure you don't miss anyone Enhanced Face Beautification Software Magic Focus, which allows you to choose the focus point after shooting Slow Motion Video Recording Face Beautification Software for Video and Picture Sharp and Responsive Display (Impeccable viewing experience) Android 7.0 Nougat Ultra Quick Fingerprint Sensor Maxx Audio Sound Enhancement Split Screen Multi-tasking Smart Gestures Extreme Power Saving Mode. BLU Products, the market leader in unlocked devices in. the United States , announced today the launch of the BLU VIVO 8, its latest flagship smartphone powered by MediaTek's premium chipset MediaTek Helio P10, a 64-bit True Octa-core™ LTE smartphone SoC designed for both high performance and power efficiency. The BLU VIVO 8 features a 5.5-inch Full HD display with curved Corning Gorilla Glass, ultra-fast Fingerprint Sensor, and superior camera performance.. The BLU VIVO 8 combines state-of-the-art CNC machine technology of polished aluminum battery cover with minimal plastic for a premium smartphone design that is both functional and beautiful to look at. With an 87.5% metal to body housing ratio, it can withstand the daily wear and tear with ease. Along with built-in fingerprint sensor and curved Corning Gorilla Glass 3 display, the BLU VIVO 8's sets the flagship standard for all competitors to envy.. BLU Products is offering a limited time promotion of the new VIVO 8 for 48 hours with an immediate. off its $299.99 MSRP which will be available on Amazon.com, starting. August 31 st ending September 1 st 11:59pm EST .. Customers who wish to purchase the BLU VIVO 8 can visit the following link: https://www.amazon.com/dp/B0731THWVC. "The BLU VIVO 8 offers a premium smartphone with flagship specifications at an incredible price," said Samuel Ohev-Zion, CEO. "It provides a superior camera experience to anyone who does not want to spend over $500 on a smartphone. Captivating Camera- Memories in a Snap. The BLU VIVO 8 boasts a 16 megapixel Super Selfie camera sensor featuring advanced technologies, F/2.0 aperture, and 1/3 inch sensor with 5P lens which provides more clarity and capture impeccable selfies.. The main camera boasts a 13 megapixel equipped with a Sony IMX258 sensor camera featuring advanced technologies, F/2.0 aperture, 1/3 inch sensor with 5P lens, real-time HDR, and Phase Detection Autofocus (PDAF) with Laser Focus for twice the focus rate and accuracy.. The BLU VIVO 8's 5.5-inch Full HD (1920 x 1080) 401 ppi display elevates the smartphone's visual experience to a new level with stunning graphics and life-like colors that seem to jump off the screen, protected by curved Corning Gorilla Glass 3.. The BLU VIVO 8 comes with a super 4,010mAh battery with an Ultra-Fast 18W fast charging capability that will charge your phone to 100% in less than 90 minutes by using specialized dual charging chip technology.. Powerful and Power Efficient MediaTek Processor:. 8 is powered by the 64-bit MediaTek Helio P10 2.0GHz Octa-core processor and offers a seamless user experience, with the power to run multiple apps simultaneously, quickly browse the web, or enjoy smooth rendering of graphics for just about any game all while maximizing power efficiency.. (GSM/GPRS/EDGE) 850/1800/1900 MHz, (4G HSPA+ 42Mbps) 850/1700/1900/2100MHz, (4G LTE Cat 6 Up to 300Mbps) FDD 2/4/7/12/17 (V0150UU). (GSM/GPRS/EDGE) 850/1800/1900 MHz, (4G HSPA+ 42Mbps) 850/1700/1900/2100MHz, (4G LTE Cat 6 Up to 300Mbps) FDD 1/2/3/4/5/7/28 (V0150LL). Display: Curved 5.5-inch Full HD 1080x1920, 401 ppi, Corning Gorilla Glass 3. Processor: MediaTek Helio P10 MT6755, 2.0GHz Octa-core Cortex-A53 with. Camera: Rear – 13.0 megapixel with 5P Lens, Laser Focus, Phase Detection Autofocus, LED Flash, (1.12mm pixel size, 1/3 inch sensor, 2.0mm aperture) HD 1080p@30fps video recording Front – 16.0 megapixel, Wide Angle, LED Flash, (1.12mm pixel size, 1/3 inch sensor, 2.0mm aperture) HD 1080p@30fps video recording. Connectivity: Wi-Fi a/b/g/n, GPS, Bluetooth v4.0, Hotspot, NextRadio, Micro-USB. Memory: 4GB RAM and 64GB Internal Memory, MicroSD expandable up to 64GB. Dimensions: 154.5 x 76.5 x 8.3 mm I 180g. Battery: Non Removable Li-Polymer 4,010 mAh. BLU Products Contact: Carmen Gonzalez , Marketing Director cgonzalez@bluproducts.com. View original content with multimedia: http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/blu-products-announces-its-latest-flagship-the-blu-vivo-8-the-newest-member-of-the-stylish-vivo-series-300511295.html. Huawei launches new tablet in flagship phone hiatus. Brand new Lenovo Yoga laptops have two voice assistants, Cortana and Alexa. XZ1 Compact: What a difference a year makes. Galaxy S9 specs: Full specifications for Samsung’s Galaxy S9 and S9+. Big-screen Nokia 7 Plus featuring Android One announced at Mobile World Congress. Here's Why I Plan to Take Social Security at 62. The Weinstein Company to file for bankruptcy. Silicon Valley is so expensive that even Facebook and Apple employees can't afford to live near the office. India's Bollywood legend Sridevi dies at 54 of cardiac arrest. 4 undocumented immigrants share their American startup stories. Hawaiian Airlines Will Buy Boeing's 787-9 Dreamliner, and It Makes No Sense. Air Force Cancels $7B JSTARS Program Over Boeing, Northrop Objections. Yahoo Finance answers: Is the stock market corrupt?. The problem with today’s driverless car technology is the drivers. Warren Buffett is still learning new investing lessons. Cuban-American businessman who helped build the internet now defends it. Social Security Forfeiture: What Are the 2018 Income Limits?. General Electric to restate two years of earnings. Toyota, Hyundai recall about 110,000 vehicles. Morning Brief: Trump tax cuts led to $29B gain for Buffett's Berkshire. What I hope to hear from Fed Chair Powell this week. Goldman Says Stocks May Dive 25% If 10-Year Yield Hits 4.5%. Netflix Suffering from Its Own Success. 3 Reasons Traditional IRAs Are Better Than Roth IRAs. GoBee Bike throws in the towel in France. 'Emperor' stocks soar in China as Xi cleared for indefinite reign. Exclusive: Essar Oil seeks loans from traders as banks fear Russian links. China paves way for Xi Jinping to remain leader for years. Buffett says 'terrible mistake' for long-term investors to be in bonds. 
The next video is starting stop. Want to watch this again later?. Sign in to add this video to a playlist.. Sign in to report inappropriate content.. Sign in to make your opinion count.. Sign in to make your opinion count.. The interactive transcript could not be loaded.. Rating is available when the video has been rented.. This feature is not available right now. The Vivo 8 is the latest smartphone from BLU. For $299 off-contract, it rivals the Moto G5 Plus head-on with specs like a 5.5-inch 1080p display, octa-core processor with 4GB RAM, 13-megapixel rear-facing camera sensor, 16-megapixel front-facing camera sensor with LED flash, 4,010mAh battery and Android 7.0 Nougat. How do you like the Vivo 8? BLU Vivo 8 via Amazon: http://amzn.to/2wh6bHw ($199 DEAL BEGINS 8/31 and ends 9/1) Moto G5 Plus: http://amzn.to/2goJPy8 Check out Beau HD's personal channel: http://goo.gl/E5iM4N PhoneDog: http://www.PhoneDog.com Twitter: http://twitter.com/PhoneDog Facebook: https://www.facebook.com/phonedog Google Plus: https://plus.google.com/+phonedog Instagram: http://instagram.com/phonedog. When autoplay is enabled, a suggested video will automatically play next.. The Super Smartphone You've Never Heard Of.... Moto G5 Plus: Budget Smartphone King?. Vivo V7+ Unboxing and Review: Borderless for less (Vivo V7 Plus). Blu Life One X3 - The $150 Smartphone. The MOST Underrated Android Phone // BLU Pure XR. BLU Vivo 8 - the $250 Phone Worth Buying. 15 Amazing Phone Functions You Had No Idea Existed. BLU VIVO 8 un equipo con hasta 3 días de batería y gran cámara. Essential Phone Unboxing - Is This Your Next Phone?. The Essential Phone Review: Save Your Money!. How to Learn Faster with the Feynman Technique (Example Included). DON'T Buy The Samsung Galaxy Note 8. Average North Korean vs the Average South Korean - People Comparison. Blu Vivo XL Unboxing and Impressions. 10 SIMPLE LIFE HACKS WITH SMARTPHONE. Using A Flip Phone In 2017.... Blu Vivo 6 Unboxing and Hands-on Review. Razer Phone Unboxing - My New Daily Driver?. Sign in to add this to Watch Later. 
Hi ( Sign in to bid or buy) Daily Deals Gift Cards Help & Contact Sell. Summary Recently Viewed Bids/Offers Watch List Purchase History Selling Saved Searches Saved Sellers Messages. eBay > Cell Phones & Accessories > Cell Phones & Smartphones. Blu Vivo 8 -5.5" Smartphone 4G 64GB - Black. 5.0 average based on 1 product rating. Get it by Mon, Mar 5 - Wed, Mar 14 from Jamaica, New York • New condition • Returns accepted - 30 days money back • 3 viewed per hour. The vivo 8 is the composition of the use of metal housing along with precise engineering for a top Tier smartphone. Color matched curved glass form a super smooth front display that is aesthetically superior.. ( 22355 ) 99.1% Positive feedback. item 1 BLU VIVO 8 (64GB) 5.5" 4G LTE Android 7.0 Dual SIM Unlocked V0150U (US Warranty) - BLU VIVO 8 (64GB) 5.5" 4G LTE Android 7.0 Dual SIM Unlocked V0150U (US Warranty). item 2 BLU VIVO 8 - 5.5" Full HD, 4G LTE Smartphone -64GB + 4GB RAM -Black... 2DAY SHIP - BLU VIVO 8 - 5.5" Full HD, 4G LTE Smartphone -64GB + 4GB RAM -Black... item 3 BLU VIVO 8 - 5.5" Full HD, 4G LTE Smartphone -64GB + 4GB RAM -Black - BLU VIVO 8 - 5.5" Full HD, 4G LTE Smartphone -64GB + 4GB RAM -Black. item 4 BLU VIVO 8 - 5.5 Full HD, 4G LTE Smartphone -64GB + 4GB RAM -Black - BLU VIVO 8 - 5.5 Full HD, 4G LTE Smartphone -64GB + 4GB RAM -Black. item 5 "BLU VIVO 8 5.5"" Smartphone GSM 64GB Unlocked 13MP Dual Sim Android V0150UU ... - "BLU VIVO 8 5.5"" Smartphone GSM 64GB Unlocked 13MP Dual Sim Android V0150UU .... Product Information The Blu Vivo 8 is equipped with 4GB of RAM for fast booting and processing. With 64GB of internal storage capacity, there is no shortage of space to file away files and media. The storage space is also expandable via MicroSD. An Octa-core processor ensures performance is snappy, while LTE capability accelerates Internet speed. Its 13MP back camera makes it possible to capture memories with amazing clarity and detail.. Global Ready, Speakerphone, Dual SIM, 3G Data Capable, 4G Data Capable, Bluetooth Enabled, Touchscreen, Internet Browser, Music Player, Wi-Fi Capable, Accelerometer, Air Gesture, QWERTY Keyboard, Dual Rear Cameras, Fingerprint Sensor, GPS, network unlocked, Network Unlocked,Global Ready,Touchscreen,Speakerphone, 3 g. by jdrailey Feb 10, 2018. Ordered this and received it in under 48 hours, fantastic. Verified purchase: Yes | Condition: New. Current slide {CURRENT_SLIDE} of {TOTAL_SLIDES}- Explore Buying Guides. How to Choose a Touch Watch to Pair With Your Smartphone. How to Buy a Used Samsung S4 on eBay. The Pros and Cons of the Samsung Galaxy S5. 5 Tips for Buying an HTC Desire. How to Unlock the iPhone 4. How to Unlock the iPhone 5. Best Selling in Cell Phones & Smartphones. Trending price is based on prices over last 90 days.. Current slide {CURRENT_SLIDE} of {TOTAL_SLIDES}- Best Selling in Cell Phones & Smartphones. Samsung Galaxy S7 SM-G930 - 32GB - Black Onyx (Verizon) Smartphone. $306.99 New $99.95 Used. Samsung Galaxy S7 SM-G930 - 32GB - Gold Platinum (Verizon) Smartphone. $299.99 New $139.99 Used. Samsung Galaxy S8 SM-G950U - 64GB - Midnight Black (Unlocked) Smartphone. $569.00 New $389.99 Used. Samsung Galaxy S6 SM-G920V - 32GB - White Pearl (Verizon) Smartphone. $199.99 New $104.99 Used. Samsung Galaxy S5 SM-G900A - 16GB - Charcoal Black (AT&T) Smartphone. $139.99 New $71.95 Used. Samsung Galaxy S5 SM-G900A - 16GB - Shimmery White (AT&T) Smartphone. $129.99 New $60.00 Used. Samsung Galaxy S8+ SM-G955 - 64GB - Midnight Black (Unlocked) Smartphone. $606.15 New $340.00 Used. Save on Cell Phones & Smartphones. Trending price is based on prices over last 90 days.. Current slide {CURRENT_SLIDE} of {TOTAL_SLIDES}- Save on Cell Phones & Smartphones. Samsung Galaxy S7 G930V 4G LTE 32GB 4RAM 5.1" HD 12MP Android Unlocked Phone NEW. New Samsung Galaxy S7 SM-G930 - 32GB - Gold Platinum (Verizon) Smartphone. Samsung Galaxy S6 SM-G920V - 32GB - White Pearl (Verizon) Smartphone Unlocked. "NEW" Samsung Galaxy S5 SM-G900A AT&T Unlocked 16GB Phone Shadow - all Colors. Inbox New Samsung Galaxy S5 SM-G900A - 16GB Shimmery White - AT&T - GSM Unlocked. Samsung Galaxy S8 Unlocked 64GB - US Version (Midnight Black) - US Warranty. Current slide {CURRENT_SLIDE} of {TOTAL_SLIDES}- You may also like. Cell Phone & Smartphone Parts for BLU Vivo 5. Bar BLU Vivo 5 Cell Phones & Smartphones. Android BLU Vivo 5 Cell Phones & Smartphones. Smartphones BLU Vivo 5 without Contract. 32GB BLU Vivo 5 Cell Phones & Smartphones. This item doesn't belong on this page.. Site Map Copyright © 1995-2018 eBay Inc. Accessibility , User Agreement , Privacy , Cookies and AdChoice Norton Secured - powered by Verisign. 
Largest Gadget Discovery Site in India. OnePlus 5T Xiaomi Redmi 5A Apple iPhone X Honor 7X Oppo F5. BLU Vivo 8 is yet to be launched. Here are similar products that are available in store. BLU Vivo 8 Price in India. Updated on: Feb 26, 2018. Release Date: Jun 14, 2018 (Expected). BLU Vivo 8 details Read more. Stylish looks Massive storage Strong configuration Fabulous cameras Outstanding battery backup. The BLU VIVO 8 is a nice looking smartphone which provides high-level photography. It consists an ample amount of inbuilt memory where you can save a lot of songs, images, videos etc. The phone is armed with two magnificent snappers which capture great shots. With the powerful configuration and an outstanding battery backup, the phablet provides a seamless performance for long hours. Overall, if you looking for a good smartphone the BLU VIVO 8 is worth buying.. A powerful smartphone with quick charging support. The BLU Vivo 8 flaunts a Full HD IPS LCD display having a screen size of 5.5-inch with a pixel density of 401ppi. The smartphone comes with two different colors and has a metal body, It measures around 154.3 x 76.5 x 8.3mm and the display is protected by a Corning Gorilla Glass v3. A responsive fingerprint sensor is added at the front of the handset for better security purpose.. The performance of the system is managed by a 2GHz Cortex A53 octa-core processor seated upon MediaTek MT6755 chipset and a 4GB RAM which are present under the hood. These two are aided by a Mali-T860 MP2 GPU. The BLU Vivo 8 boots on Android v7.0 (Nougat) operating system.. The VIVO 8 houses a 4,010mAh battery with a 20 day standby time and 2 days of usage without the necessity of charging. With the super (18W = 9V/2A) charging power, the phone will be fully charged in less than 2 hours. The smartphone offers a lot of connectivity options such as - 4G, Wi-Fi, mobile hotspot, Bluetooth, GPS, and micro USB.. With a 16MP selfie camera plus LED Flash, the VIVO 8 takes the selfie to the next level. It consists a 5P lens setup along with an F2.0 aperture and with those, the snapper can capture images in the low light environment without a problem. A 13MP (F2.0) rear facing camera with an Exmor-RS CMOS Sensor captures good quality pictures and also shoot high definition videos with auto flash and face detection mode. On the storage ground, the device houses a 64GB internal storage which can be upgraded by inserting up to 64GB memory card into the micro USB slot.. BLU Vivo 8 price in india. BLU Vivo 8 price in India is expected to be Rs. BLU Vivo 8 Expected to be launched on Jun 14, 2018.. Apply for a credit card on bankbazaar.com, and get free Amazon vouchers worth Rs. Octa core (2 GHz, Quad Core + 1 GHz, Quad core). Performance ▾. Group: 12 - 18 K Phones Based on specs, benchmarks & expert ratings. See Best Performance Phones in 12 - 18 K. 12 - 18 K Phones All Phones. Display ▾. Group: 12 - 18 K Phones Based on specs, benchmarks & expert ratings. See Phones with Best Display in 12 - 18 K. 12 - 18 K Phones All Phones. Camera ▾. Rear Camera compared to. Group: 12 - 18 K Phones Based on specs, benchmarks & expert ratings. See Best Rear Camera Phones in 12 - 18 K. 12 - 18 K Phones All Phones. Battery ▾. Group: 12 - 18 K Phones Based on specs, benchmarks & expert ratings. See Phones with Best Battery Life in 12 - 18 K. 12 - 18 K Phones All Phones. Does not support Indian bands 64 GB + 64 GB Expandable Dual SIM: Micro + Nano Fingerprint sensor Gorilla Glass 3. BLU Vivo 8 is yet to be launched. Here are similar products that are available in store. Mobile Phones in range of 10000 to 15000. Mobile with 4GB RAM and 4000mAh Battery. 12 - 18 K Phones all phones. 4G: Available (doesn't support Indian bands) 3G: Available, 2G: Available Fingerprint Sensor. Group: 12 - 18 K Phones Based on specs, benchmarks & expert ratings See Slimmest Phones in 12 - 18 K. 12 - 18 K Phones All Phones. Group: 12 - 18 K Phones Based on specs, benchmarks & expert ratings See Lightest Phones in 12 - 18 K. 12 - 18 K Phones All Phones. 5.5 inches (13.97 cm) Screen Resolution. Full HD (1080 x 1920 pixels) Pixel Density. Corning Gorilla Glass v3 Touch Screen. Capacitive Touchscreen, Multi-touch Screen to Body Ratio. Group: 12 - 18 K Phones Based on specs, benchmarks & expert ratings See Phones with Best Display in 12 - 18 K. 12 - 18 K Phones All Phones. Pixel Density compared to. Group: 12 - 18 K Phones Based on specs, benchmarks & expert ratings See Phones with Sharpest Screen in 12 - 18 K. 12 - 18 K Phones All Phones. Octa core (2 GHz, Quad core, Cortex A53 + 1 GHz, Quad core, Cortex A53). Group: 12 - 18 K Phones Based on specs, benchmarks & expert ratings See Best Performance Phones in 12 - 18 K. 12 - 18 K Phones All Phones. Group: 12 - 18 K Phones Based on specs, benchmarks & expert ratings See Phones with Best Processor in 12 - 18 K. 12 - 18 K Phones All Phones. Quad core, 2 GHz, Cortex A53 + Quad core, 1 GHz Cortex A53, Chipset: MediaTek MT6755. Octa core, 1.3 GHz, Cortex A53, Chipset: Mediatek MT6753. Quad core, 2.3 GHz, Cortex A72 + Quad core, 1.8 GHz Cortex A53, Chipset: HiSilicon KIRIN950. Group: 12 - 18 K Phones Based on specs, benchmarks & expert ratings See Phones with Highest RAM in 12 - 18 K. 12 - 18 K Phones All Phones. Group: 12 - 18 K Phones Based on specs, benchmarks & expert ratings See Phones with Best Storage in 12 - 18 K. 12 - 18 K Phones All Phones. Internal Memory compared to. Group: 12 - 18 K Phones Based on specs, benchmarks & expert ratings See Phones with Highest Internal Memory in 12 - 18 K. 12 - 18 K Phones All Phones. Continuos Shooting, High Dynamic Range mode (HDR) Camera Features. Digital Zoom, Auto Flash, Face detection, Touch to focus Video Recording. Rear Camera compared to. Group: 12 - 18 K Phones Based on specs, benchmarks & expert ratings See Best Rear Camera Phones in 12 - 18 K. 12 - 18 K Phones All Phones. Main Camera compared to. Group: 12 - 18 K Phones Based on specs, benchmarks & expert ratings See Phones with Best Main Camera in 12 - 18 K. 12 - 18 K Phones All Phones. Front Camera compared to. Group: 12 - 18 K Phones Based on specs, benchmarks & expert ratings See Phones with Highest Front Camera Resolution in 12 - 18 K. 12 - 18 K Phones All Phones. Group: 12 - 18 K Phones Based on specs, benchmarks & expert ratings See Phones with Best Battery Life in 12 - 18 K. 12 - 18 K Phones All Phones. SIM1: Micro, SIM2: Nano Network Support. 4G (doesn't support Indian bands), 3G, 2G SIM 1 SIM 2 Wi-Fi. Wi-Fi 802.11, a/b/g/n/n 5GHz Wi-Fi Features. FD-LTE 2100(band 1) / 1800(band 3) / 2600(band 7) / 1900(band 2) / 1700(band 4) / 850(band 5). UMTS 1700 / 1900 / 2100 / 850 MHz. GSM 1800 / 1900 / 850 MHz. GSM 1800 / 1900 / 850 MHz. Light sensor, Proximity sensor, Accelerometer, Compass, Gyroscope. Disclaimer: The price & specs shown may be different from actual. Please confirm on the retailer site before purchasing. Show only Android BLU Phablet Dual SIM Camera 2 MP & above Camera 5 MP & above Camera 8 MP & above Camera 12 MP & above. I don't want to see this. Octa core 1.4 GHz vs Quad core 2.0 GHz. Higher primary camera resolution: 16 MP vs 13 MP. Higher pixel density: 424 ppi vs 401 ppi. OS: Android RAM: 4 GB SIM card slots: 2 66 people compared together. More expandable memory: 128 GB vs 64 GB. Lesser thickness: 8.2 mm vs 8.3 mm. Lesser weight: 157 grams vs 180 grams. Smaller screen : 5.2 inches vs 5.5 inches. Lower battery capacity: 3000 mAH vs 4010 mAH. Lesser internal memory: 32 GB vs 64 GB. Lower secondary camera resolution: 5 MP vs 16 MP. I don't want to see this. More expandable memory: 256 GB vs 64 GB. More thickness: 8.5 mm vs 8.3 mm. More weight: 182 grams vs 180 grams. OS: Android Screen size: 5.5 inches Processor:. Quad core 2.0 GHz RAM: 4 GB Primary camera: 13 MP Battery capacity: 4010 mAH SIM card slots: 2 Pixel density: 401 ppi Internal Memory: 64 GB 77 people compared together. I don't want to see this. Octa core 2.0 GHz vs Quad core 2.0 GHz. More expandable memory: 128 GB vs 64 GB. Lesser thickness: 8 mm vs 8.3 mm. OS: Android Screen size: 5.5 inches RAM: 4 GB Primary camera: 13 MP SIM card slots: 2 Pixel density: 401 ppi Internal Memory: 64 GB 55 people compared together. Lesser weight: 168 grams vs 180 grams. Lower battery capacity: 3000 mAH vs 4010 mAH. Lower secondary camera resolution: 8 MP vs 16 MP. I don't want to see this. Octa core 2.2 GHz vs Quad core 2.0 GHz. More expandable memory: 128 GB vs 64 GB. Lesser weight: 175 grams vs 180 grams. OS: Android Screen size: 5.5 inches RAM: 4 GB Primary camera: 13 MP SIM card slots: 2 Pixel density: 401 ppi Internal Memory: 64 GB 46 people compared together. Lower battery capacity: 4000 mAH vs 4010 mAH. More thickness: 8.5 mm vs 8.3 mm. I don't want to see this. Octa core 2.0 GHz vs Quad core 2.0 GHz. Higher battery capacity: 4100 mAH vs 4010 mAH. More expandable memory: 128 GB vs 64 GB. OS: Android Screen size: 5.5 inches RAM: 4 GB Primary camera: 13 MP SIM card slots: 2 Pixel density: 401 ppi Internal Memory: 64 GB 71 people compared together. Lesser weight: 165 grams vs 180 grams. Lower secondary camera resolution: 5 MP vs 16 MP. More thickness: 8.4 mm vs 8.3 mm. I don't want to see this. Octa core 1.4 GHz vs Quad core 2.0 GHz. Higher primary camera resolution: 16 MP vs 13 MP. More expandable memory: 128 GB vs 64 GB. OS: Android Screen size: 5.5 inches SIM card slots: 2 Pixel density: 401 ppi 30 people compared together. Lesser thickness: 7.8 mm vs 8.3 mm. Lesser weight: 169 grams vs 180 grams. Lesser RAM: 3 GB vs 4 GB. Lower battery capacity: 3000 mAH vs 4010 mAH. Lesser internal memory: 32 GB vs 64 GB. Lower secondary camera resolution: 8 MP vs 16 MP. Questions and Answers View all FAQs about BLU Vivo 8. Please write your question as a complete sentence while asking a new question. Write Your Question as a complete sentence, then press Ask a Question. Be the first one to ask a question? Ask a Question. Subscribe for top stories, new launches & expert reviews!. Home | Privacy | Sitemap | About Us | Contact Us | Visitor Agreement | Terms & Conditions |. News & Reviews | हिंदी न्यूज़. 
The next video is starting stop. Want to watch this again later?. Sign in to add this video to a playlist.. Sign in to report inappropriate content.. Sign in to make your opinion count.. Sign in to make your opinion count.. Rating is available when the video has been rented.. This feature is not available right now. The VIVO 8 has a gorgeous 5.5” Full HD Curved Display with an explosive 1080 x 1920 resolution. Capture every moment by using the VIVO 8’s 13MP Camera and take non-stop selfies with its 16 MP Super Selfie camera with flash. It also offers plenty of space to store all your pictures, videos, and music with its generous 64GB internal memory and paired with 4GB of RAM to flawlessly run multiple apps. The VIVO 8 will make running out of battery a thing of the past with its long lasting 4,010 mAh battery with Ultra Quick Charge. The VIVO 8 comes with Android Nougat 7.0 Get it today on Amazon.con for $299.99 https://www.amazon.com/dp/B0731THWVC. When autoplay is enabled, a suggested video will automatically play next.. BLU Vivo 8 - the $250 Phone Worth Buying. Unlock your Boldness with the new BLU Vivo XL. BLU Vivo 8 Hands On Experience and Initial Impressions. BLU Vivo 8 (4GB RAM, 64GB Storage, 4010mAH Battery) Full Specifications & Price!!. BLU VIVO 8 un equipo con hasta 3 días de batería y gran cámara. Blu Vivo 8 Tips Tricks and Hidden Features. Best iPhone Clone: Blu Vivo mini unboxing and impressions!. Sony Best 5 Smartphone in 2018. vivo 8 and vivo 8 plus flagship | vivo v8 & vivo v8 + upcoming | vivo v8 plus bazel less phone 2018. Blu ViVo 8: 3 Day battery life. iCloud Unlock iPhone✔️ iCloud Activation Lock !!! 💯% Success Method✅🙀. BLU VIVO 8L - SIM Card/SD Card Installation Guide. Blu Vivo 8 Unboxing and First Impression. Sign in to add this to Watch Later. 
GSM 850 / 900 / 1800 / 1900. HSDPA 850 / 1900 - D940a. HSDPA 850 / 2100 - D940i. 137 x 70 x 6.9 mm (5.39 x 2.76 x 0.27 in). Super AMOLED capacitive touchscreen, 16M colors. 4.8 inches, 63.5 cm 2 (~66.2% screen-to-body ratio). 720 x 1280 pixels, 16:9 ratio (~306 ppi density). Geo-tagging, touch focus, face/smile detection, HDR. SMS(threaded view), MMS, Email, Push Email, IM. Up to 790 h (2G) / Up to 590 h (3G). Up to 22 h (2G) / Up to 12 h (3G). We can not guarantee that the information on this page is 100% correct. BLU Vivo 4.8 HD - user opinions and reviews. My sim card wont fit back into sim card slot.. i have a blu vivo 4.8 hd its started freezing and seized working. i have have tried it to get it repaired and failed. it is a good phone but to buy spares it very expensive' these phone now its a toy for my son.. I bout a vivo air phone 3 months ago but it's given a lot of head ache. Now can't have access on any of the programmes in the phone let alone to make calls or receive them. Any icon I clicked a square box will show on that icon and it will not ope.... Samsung Apple Nokia Sony LG HTC Motorola Huawei Microsoft Lenovo Xiaomi Google Acer Asus Oppo OnePlus Meizu BlackBerry Alcatel ZTE Toshiba Vodafone Energizer XOLO Lava Micromax BLU Gionee vivo LeEco Panasonic HP YU verykool Maxwest Plum. BLU Vivo X BLU Vivo 8 BLU Vivo One BLU Vivo XL BLU Vivo 5 BLU Life One X3. 
Likes Followers Followers Followers Followers mobitabspecs Subscribe. TomTop Deals: Sharp Z2 4G smartphone available for $117.99 GearBest Deals: Onda V80 Tablet available for $74.99 TomTop Deals: HOMTOM S8 available for $128.99 GearBest Deals: Xiaomi Mi Note 3 available for $379.99 TomTop Deals: Koolnee K1 Trio smartphone available for $229.99 GearBest Deals: Xiaomi Mi Mix 2 available for $569.99 GearBest Deals: Xiaomi Mi 6 smartphone available for $449.99 GearBest Deals: MSI GL62M 7RD – 223CN Gaming Laptop available for $899.99 GearBest Deals: Vernee X Mobile available for $247.99 TomTop Deals: MX10 Android 7.1.2 TV Box RK3328 4GB / 32GB available for $58.99. Mobitabspecs - Tech Blog with Mobile Phones News and Specifications. News Deals Review Specification Mobiles Tablets Laptops Compare Comparisons. All Apps News Tablet News Mobile News Accessories News. Intex Aqua Lions T1 Lite launched in India for Rs 3899. iLA X AliExpress Tech Discovery Promotions & Will Attend the MWC 2018. Unnamed HTC 2Q5W1 smartphone spotted on GeekBench. Prev Next. All Tablet Deals TomTop Deals Mobile Deals Laptop Deals GearBest Deals Accessories Deal. TomTop Deals: Sharp Z2 4G smartphone available for $117.99. GearBest Deals: Onda V80 Tablet available for $74.99. TomTop Deals: HOMTOM S8 available for $128.99. Prev Next. DesignCap Review- A Free and Effortless Online Poster Maker. Create Beautiful Logo Designs for Your Business With DesignEvo. Review: iSeePassword Windows Password Recovery Pro. Switch To A New Phone And Make The Switch As Easy As It Gets. Prev Next. Home Gadgets Mobiles BLU Vivo 8. $259.00 Brand: Blu Category: Mobiles. CPU : 2.0 GHz Octa-core. Rear Camera : 13 MP. Phone Memory : 64 GB. OS : Android OS v7.0. The overall rating is based on review by our experts. 8.4 4.2 1. Display 9 / 10. RAM 8 / 10. Processor 8 / 10. Camera 8 / 10. Connectivity 9 / 10. Battery 8 / 10. Performance 9 / 10. Design 8 / 10. BLU Vivo 8 smartphone was launched in July-2017. The smartphone comes with Black and Gold colours and is priced at $259.. It has a 5.5-inch IPS LCD multi-touch display with a screen resolution of 1920 x 1080 pixels and 401 PPI. The screen is protected by a Corning Gorilla Glass with 2.5D curved glass.. The device is powered by a 2.0GHz octa-core MediaTek MT6755 Helio P10 processor with 4GB of RAM and Mali T860 MP2 GPU. The BLU Vivo 8 comes with 64GB inbuilt memory and expands 64GB storage via microSD card slot.. The device runs an Android 7.0 Nougat OS and backed by a 4010 mAH battery with fast battery charging technology support.. The smartphone sports a 13MP rear camera with Dual LED flash and a 16MP front camera with LED flash as well.. BLU Vivo 8 - Technical Specification. Type Design Type called form factor refers to a mobile phone's size, shape, and style as well as the layout and position of major components of phone. There are three major form factors seen in mobile phones => bar phones, folding phones and sliding phones.. 154.3 mm x 76.5 mm x 8.3 mm. Display Type Display Technology => A number of display technologies and types used in mobile phones => TFT (Thin Film Transistor), IPS (In-Place Switching), OLED (Organic Light Emitting Diode), AMOLED (Active-Matrix Organic Light-Emitting Diode), Super AMOLED (an even advanced version of AMOLED), Resistive Touchscreen (Resistive touchscreens contain two layer of conductive material with a very small gap between them which acts as a resistance), Capacitive Touchsceen (Capacitive touchscreen technology consists of a layer of glass coated with a transparent conductor). Pixel Density Pixel Density (PPI) is refers to the concentration of pixels on a particular display, measured in pixels per inch (ppi). Pixel density is calculated by dividing the diagonal pixel resolution of a display by its diagonal size, higher pixel density better display quality.. Display Colors Display Colors is refers to the number of different shades of colors that the screen is capable of displaying => 64K colors, 256K colors and 16 million colors, Obviously 16M is highest available range of colors and better than others.. Display Protection Display Protection => Gorilla Glass is a special alkali-aluminosilicate glass shield with exceptional damage resistance that helps protect mobile displays from scratches, drops, and bumps of everyday use, It is always better to go for a smartphone with Gorilla Glass for that added protection and peace of mind.. -2.5D curved glass, Corning Gorilla Glass. GSM 850 / 900 / 1800 / 1900 MHz. GSM 850 / 900 / 1900 / 2100 MHz. SIM SIM (Subscriber Identity Module) is a small card that contains mobile network subscriber's account information. This allows the phone using the card to attach to a mobile network. The SIM card is most commonly associated with GSM and UMTS mobile networks. Moving a SIM card from one phone to another allows a subscriber to switch mobile phones without having to contact their mobile network carrier. SIM cards can also be used by a phone to store limited amounts of data, such as phone numbers and text messages.. Chipset Chipset is a group of integrated circuits designed to perform one or a more dedicated functions, often with real time computing constraints, Popular smartphones are equipped with more advanced embedded chipsets that can do many different tasks depending on their programming.. CPU CPU (Central Processing Unit) mostly known as processors, CPU processes instructions in order to carry out certain functions that make your device operate properly. Processors are often described as the brain of computers, smartphones and tablets, Smartphones and tablets rely on processors to carry out their every task, Processors are an incredibly important factor in selecting any type of computing device, including your smartphone.. GPU GPU (Graphics Processing Unit) is a single-chip processor designed to rapidly manipulate and alter memory to accelerate the creation of images in a frame buffer intended for output to a display, This includes things such as lighting effects, object transformations, and 3D motion.. RAM (Memory) RAM (Random Access Memory) is a type of computer memory that can be accessed randomly, any byte of memory can be accessed without touching the preceding bytes that allows information to be stored and accessed quickly from random locations. RAM is the most common type of memory found in computer systems, smartphones, tablets and other electronic devices.. Internal Storage Internal Storage is a data storage space (flash memory) mostly used in smartphones, tablets and other electronic devices where operating system, apps, music, photos, videos, files and other user data Is stored.. Card Slot Memory Card Slot is a special slot for inserting a memory card. Memory cards allow you to expand the phone's built-in memory, A memory card (sometimes called a flash memory card or a storage card) is a small storage medium used to store data such as text, pictures, audio, and video, for use on small, portable or remote computing devices such as mobile phones, mp3 players, digital cameras.. Dedicated slot Dedicated slot refers to a non-hybrid slot i.e. u can use two sim cards as well as a micro sd memory card at the same time. Sensors Sensors are electronic components that detects and responds to some type of input from the physical environment. The specific input could be light, heat, motion, moisture, pressure and location, The output is generally a signal that is converted to use in computing systems, a location sensor, such as a GPS receiver is able to detect current location of your electronic device.. Accelerometer Proximity Compass Fingerprint Ambient light. Operating System OS => Every computer system run on a base software called Operating System (OS). Operating System controls all basic operations of the computer (such as smartphone, PDAs, tablet computers and other handheld devices). The Operating System allows the user to install and run third party applications (apps), apps are used to add new functionality to the device.. Java Support Java for Mobile Devices is a set of technologies that let developers deliver applications and services to all types of mobile handsets, ranging from price efficient feature-phones to the latest smartphones. Java is currently running on over 3 billion phones worldwide, and growing. It offers unrivaled potential for the distribution and monetization of mobile applications.. Youtube Youtube is a popular free video-sharing website, Youtube is the largest video sharing site in the world, Millions of users around the world have created accounts on the site that allow them to upload videos that anyone can watch.. Facebook Facebook is a popular free social networking website that allows registered users to create profiles, upload photos and video, send messages and keep in touch with friends, family and colleagues. The site is available in 37 different languages.. SMS SMS (Short Messaging Service) is a text messaging service component of phone, Web, or mobile communication systems. It uses standardized communications protocols to allow mobile phone devices to exchange short text messages over the networks.. MMS MMS (Multimedia Messaging Service) is a standard way to send messages that include multimedia content (audio clips, video clips and images) to and from mobile phones over wireless networks using the WAP protocol.. Email Email (Electronic Mail) is a system for receiving, sending, and storing electronic messages, Similar to a letter, email is text messages that may contain files, images, or other attachments sent via the internet to a recipient by using applications and software prograps. An email address is required to receive email, and that address is unique to the user.. IM IM (Instant Messaging) is an exchange of text messages through a software application, it enable you to create a kind of private chat room with another individual in order to communicate in real time over the Internet.. Primary Camera is able to capture photographs and usually videos, The most important characteristics of a camera are the resolution (measured in megapixels), lens focus type (fixed or automatic), higher megapixel cameras are known to capture higher quality photos, but not always a good measurement of the photos quality.. Flash Flash Light => There is commonly two types of flash lights are used in camera mobile phones, LED Flash (LED flash offers lower power consumption with drive circuitry that takes up very little room, LEDs can be strobed faster than any other light source), Xenon Flash (xenon flash produces an extremely intense full-spectrum white light for a very short duration). Geotagging Autofocus PADF sensor Face detection Face beauty HDR Self-timer. Bluetooth Bluetooth is a wireless communications technology for exchanging data between mobile phones, headsets, computers and other network devices over short distances without wires, Bluetooth technology was primarily designed to support simple wireless networking of personal consumer devices.. Infrared Infrared connectivity is an old wireless technology used to connect two electronic devices. It uses a beam of infrared light to transmit information and so requires direct line of sight and operates only at close range.. Wi-fi Wi-Fi is a popular wireless networking technology using radio waves to provide high-speed network connections that allows devices to communicate without cords or cables, Wi-Fi is increasingly becoming the preferred mode of internet connectivity all over the world.. GPS GPS The Global Positioning System is a satellite-based radio navigation system, GPS permits users to determine their position, velocity and the time 24 hours a day, in all weather, anywhere in the world, In order to locate your position, your device or GPS receiver must have a clear view of the sky.. NFC NFC (Near field communication) is a set of standards for smartphones and similar devices to establish peer-to-peer radio communications with each other by touching them together or bringing them into proximity, usually no more than a few inches.. Wireless Charging Wireless Charging (Inductive Charging) uses an electromagnetic field to transfer energy between two objects. This is usually done with a charging station. Energy is sent through an inductive coupling to an electrical device, which can then use that energy to charge batteries or run the device.. HDMI HDMI (High-Definition Multimedia Interface) is a compact audio/video interface for transferring uncompressed video data and compressed or uncompressed digital audio data from a HDMI-compliant source device to a compatible computer monitor, video projector, digital television, or digital audio device.. GPRS GPRS (General Packet Radio Service) is a packet oriented mobile data service on the 2G and 3G cellular communication system's global system for mobile communications (GSM), Generally, GPRS is used for the purpose of wireless data transfer, such as sharing pictures and videos or browsing the Internet via a mobile phone connection.. EDGE EDGE (Enhanced Data GSM Environment) is a wireless network technology generally considered the next step in the 2G network offers data transfer rates up to four times faster than ordinary GSM networks, Generally, EDGE is used for the purpose of wireless data transfer, such as sharing pictures and videos or browsing the Internet via a mobile phone connection.. Web Browser Web Browser => a web browser is a software application used to locate, retrieve and display content on the World Wide Web, including Web pages, images, video and other files, The primary function of a web browser is to render HTML, the code used to design or markup webpages.. 3GP, M4V, H.263, H.264, MOV, AVI, xVID, WMV, FLV, MP4, H.265. Battery Type Battery Type => Cell phones run on various kinds of batteries depending on the manufacturer, phone size or shape and features. There are basically four types of cell phone batteries => Lithium Polymer, Lithium Ion, Nickel Metal Hydride and Nickel Cadmium.. Capacity Battery Capacity is a measure (typically in Amp-hr) of the charge stored by the battery, and is determined by the mass of active material contained in the battery. The battery capacity represents the maximum amount of energy that can be extracted from the battery under certain conditions.. Active noise cancellation with dedicated mic 2. Photo and video editor 4. BLU Vivo 8 - Rate this Device Be the first to add a Review Your Name * Your Email * Review Title * Review Text * Rate this Product Display: Screen size, image quality (brightness, colors, contrast, etc), visibility in sun light, angles of view and touchscreen. RAM: Processor: Bluetooth, Wi-fi connectivity, data trnasfer speed, internet browsing and interfaces. Camera: Usability of Camera interface, image and video quality in different light conditions and environment. Connectivity: Bluetooth, Wi-fi connectivity, data trnasfer speed, internet browsing and interfaces. Battery: What about battery life, while calling, listening music, watching videos, playing games and doing other tasks. Performance: Is this device perform good while watching videos, playing games, taking snapshots, browsing internet and navigate through other applications? Design: What do you feel about Design and build quality of this device? Average Rating 6 / 10 based on your selection. Please post a user review only if you have / had this product.. BLU C5 LTE 0 Reviews View specs →. BLU Studio J8 0 Reviews View specs →. BLU Life One X3 0 Reviews View specs →. BLU Pure View $199.99 View specs →. BLU Grand M2 LTE 0 Reviews View specs →. BLU Grand XL LTE 0 Reviews View specs →. BLU Touchbook M7 Pro 0 Reviews View specs →. BLU Grand Mini 0 Reviews View specs →. BLU Advance 5.0 Pro $64.99 View specs →. BLU Dash L5 LTE 0 Reviews View specs →. BLU Studio J8M LTE 0 Reviews View specs →. BLU R2 Plus 0 Reviews View specs →. BLU Advance A5 Plus $109.99 View specs →. BLU R2 0 Reviews View specs →. BLU R2 LTE 0 Reviews View specs →. BLU Grand M Specifications, features 0 Reviews View specs →. 13,512 Likes 3,221 Followers 4 Followers 226 Followers 3,166 Followers RSS Subscribe. Intex Aqua Lions T1 Lite launched in India for Rs 3899. iLA X AliExpress Tech Discovery Promotions & Will…. Unnamed HTC 2Q5W1 smartphone spotted on GeekBench. Motorola Moto X4 6GB RAM variant launched in India. Prev Next 1 of 68. Mobile Specifications ZTE Tempo Go $80.00 ZTE Blade V9 Vita Ulefone T2 Pro Samsung Galaxy S9 Plus $839.99 Samsung Galaxy S9 $719.99 Nokia 8110 4G $99.00. Tablet Specifications BQ BQ-8041L Art $121.00 Samsung Galaxy Tab S4 10.5 SM-T835 Samsung Galaxy Tab A 10.1 2018 Samsung Galaxy Tab E 8.0 2018 Huawei Mediapad M5 10 Pro $643.00 Huawei Mediapad M5 10 $468.00. Laptop Specifications Dell XPS 13 9370 XPS9370-7170GLD-PUS Laptop $1,549.00 Dell XPS 13 9370 XPS9370-5156SLV-PUS Laptop $1,299.00 Xiaomi Air 13.3 Intel Core i7 Notebook $976.99 Asus A541UJ7200 Notebook $739.99 Asus A541UV7100 Notebook $609.99 Acer Predator 21 X $8,999.00. Recent Compares Alcatel 3 vs Alcatel 3x vs Alcatel 3v View Comparison → Alcatel 1x vs Alcatel 3v vs Alcatel 3x View Comparison → Nokia 8 Pro vs Nokia 7 Plus View Comparison →. Top Rated Samsung Galaxy S9 Active Samsung Galaxy S9 Plus $839.99 Apple iPhone Xc Apple iPhone X Plus LG Signature Edition $1,800.00 Apple iPhone 8 Plus full Specification, features. Brands 10.or 3 360 3 Acer 8 AGM 1 Alcatel 36 Allcall 1 Allview 20 Apple 11 Archos 38 Asus 46 AT&T 1 Blackberry 5 Blackview 24 Blu 45 Bluboo 8 BQ 21 Brandeis 1 Cagabi 2 CAT 5 Celkon 7 Changhong 0 Cherry Mobile 5 Coolpad 24 Cubot 5 Dell 2 DEXP 4 Doogee 16 Doopro 9 Doov 3 EL 1 Elephone 16 Energizer 1 Essential 1 Fly 20 Freetel 2 Geecoo 5 Geotel 1 Gionee 31 Google 4 Gooweel 2 Gretel 1 Hafury 3 Haier 6 Highscreen 3 Hisense 6 HomTom 7 HP 2 HTC 19 Huawei 93 IBall 3 iMAN 0 iNew 1 Infinix 3 Infocus 10 Innjoo 1 Intex 29 itel 4 Ivoomi 10 Jinga 4 Jivi 4 Karbonn 20 Kenxinda 8 Kingzone 1 Kodak 1 Konka 3 Koobee 1 Kyocera 11 Lava 11 Leagoo 12 LeEco 6 Lenovo 14 Lephone 4 LG 53 LYF 3 M-Tech 1 Meitu 3 Meizu 20 Micromax 33 Microsoft 2 Motorola 28 Noa 1 Nokia 25 Nomi 2 Nomu 2 OKWU 2 OnePlus 5 Oppo 28 Oukitel 15 Panasonic 24 Phicomm 3 Philips 10 Phonemax 4 Plum 3 Prestigio 26 Razer 1 Red 1 Runbo 1 Samsung 90 Sansui 1 Senseit 1 Sharp 18 Smartisan 3 Smartron 2 Sony 30 Spice 3 Sugar 10 Swipe 6 Symphony 8 T-Mobile 5 TCL 1 Teclast 1 Tecno 13 Texet 1 THL 1 TP-Link 5 Uhans 7 Ulefone 11 UMI 7 Unihertz 2 Vernee 7 Vertex 3 Vertu 0 Verykool 22 Videocon 5 Vivo 24 Vkworld 4 Vodafone 3 Vphone 1 Walton 2 Wiko 16 Wileyfox 1 Xgody 5 Xiaolajiao 13 Xiaomi 38 Xolo 4 YotaPhone 1 Yu 2 Zen 12 Ziox 6 Zopo 8 ZTE 72. Facebook Join us on Facebook Twitter Join us on Twitter Google+ Join us on Google Instagram Join us on Instagram Pinterest Join us on Pinterest. Mobitabspecs.com is a Tech Blog With Mobiles Tablets Laptops specifications, comparisons, Rumours full information and Resources. Mobiles Tablets Laptops News, Software Reviews, Daily exclusive Deals & Coupons and more.. Laptops 13 Mobiles 1396 Upcoming Mobiles 693 Tablets 101. Home Contact Us Disclaimer Privacy Policy Site Map Comparisons Compare Brands. 
Home All Brands Top 10 Mobile Phones Latest News Latest Mobiles Phones Upcoming Mobiles Phones Model Finder Technology Blog. BLU Vivo 8 (Full Device Specifications). » Specifications » 360° View » Pictures » Photo Quality. BLU Vivo 8 Officially Announced :. Black , Gold Price : US$ 259, Rs 13715 9.1 out of 10. : ( 66 Ratings). BLU Vivo 8 Release July 2017, weight 180g, 5.5” IPS LCD Capacitive TouchScreen , 13 MP Camera, Bluetooth 4.1,Wi-Fi Price in February 2018. GSM 850 , GSM 900 , GSM 1800 , GSM 1900 GSM 3G Bands :. HSDPA 850 , HSDPA 1700 , HSDPA 1900 , HSDPA 2100 GSM 4G Bands :. LTE 700 , LTE 1700 , LTE 1900 , (VOLTE) Operating System :. MediaTek , MT6755 Helio P10 Processor :. Octa Core Processor Processor Speed :. 4 GB Memory Card Slot :. 155 x 75 x 8 mm , Exactly 154.3 x 76.5 x 8.3 mm Slim/Thin :. 8 mm , (8.3 mm Thin) Weight :. Accelerometer , Ambient Light , Compass , Proximity Sensor , Fingerprint Dedicated Keys :. Volume , Power , Fingerprint Key Device Security :. Device Password Lock , Device Pattern Lock , Slide Lock , PIN code Lock , Fingerprint Unlock. IPS LCD Capacitive TouchScreen , (In-Cell Touch) Screen Protection :. Corning Gorilla Glass , Version 3, 2.5D Curved Glass Display Colors :. 16M Colors Pixel density range :. 400 to 500 ppi , (~401 ppi Pixel Density) Screen Resolution :. 1080 x 1920 pixels (Full HD) Display Size :. 5.5 Inch Screen To Body Ratio :. 71 to 80 Percent , (~70.5% screen-to-body-ratio) Multi Touch Support :. Yes Ringtone or Alert Type :. Vibration , MP3 ringtones , MIDI , WAV. 13 MP , 4128 x 3096 Pixels Camera Flash LED :. 16 MP Front Camera Flash :. Yes , (LED Flash) Geo-Tagging :. With Wireless Connection Video Quality :. Autofocus , PDAF Sensor , Gesture Shot , Voice Capture , Face Beauty , HDR , Smile detection , Face Detection , Touch focus , Low Light Mode , F2.0 Aperture,Sony IMX258 Sensor,Time-Lapse,PicNote,Professional Mode. Yes , (Bottom Speakers) Audio Format :. WAV , AAC+ , OGG , FLAC , MIDI , WMA , MP3 , AMR , AAC , eAAC+ Video Format :. 3GP , H.264 , MKV , DivX , AVI , xVID , WMV , FLV , MP4 , H.263 3.5mm Headphone Jack :. HSDPA 42 Mbps , HSPA plus , LTE Browser Name :. Google Chrome Browser WiFi Support :. Wi-Fi 802.11 b/g/n , WiFi Direct Map Support :. microUSB 2.0 USB OTG Support :. Yes NFC (Near Field Communication) :. Calculator , Notes , To-do list , Google Apps, Amazon App Store, Blu Help. SMS , MMS , Email , Push Mail , IM , Hangouts GPS Tracking :. Li-Po 4010 mAh Quick Charge :. Yes , (9V/2A Quick Charge) Wireless Charge :. 340 Hrs , (Unofficial) Talk Time :. 16 Hrs , (Unofficial) Music Playback :. Up to 40 Hrs Video Playback :. Dual Sim(Dual Standby) 87% Metal Body Design Sandstone Pattern Finish Back MAXX AUDIO By Waves Noise Cancellation USA Carrier Network Support Rounded Edges. BLU Vivo 8 Handset Battery 4010 mAh Detachable Charger USB Data Cable 3.5 mm Stereo Headset User Manual Warranty Card Silicon Back Case Screen Protector. » Full Specifications » User Opinions & Review » Compare » Pictures » 360° View » Related Phones » Review » Related News » User Manual » Photo Quality » Video Quality Tweet Popularity and Rating Rate this Mobile Phone Design. 0 1 2 3 4 5 Features. 0 1 2 3 4 5 Performance. 0 1 2 3 4 5. Categories » 4G VoLTE Mobiles » Apple iOS Mobiles » Android 4G » Dual Camera Phone » Dual Sim Mobiles » Android Smartphone » Dual OS Smartphone » Android Dual Sim » Android One » Android CDMA » Tablet » Android Tablet » Windows 4G » Windows Mobiles » Windows Tablet » Smartphone » CDMA Phone » GSM & CDMA Phone » Dual OS Tablets » Dual SIM Qwerty » Ubuntu Tablet » Ubuntu Mobiles » Basic Dual Sim » Basic Phone » Qwerty Phones » Touch & Type » Triple Sim Mobile » Slide phones » Android Camera Top Brands » Samsung » Apple » Nokia » Google » Lenovo » Motorola » BlackBerry » Huawei » HTC » Alcatel » OnePlus » LG » Asus » Xiaomi » ZTE » Micromax » Oppo » Karbonn » Vivo » Acer » Intex » BLU » Gionee » Vodafone » Lava » All Brands. LG V30S+ ThinQ LG V30S ThinQ ZTE Blade V9 Vita Nokia 7 Plus Nokia 8 Sirocco Nokia 1 Samsung Galaxy S9+ SM-G965 Samsung Galaxy S9 SM-G960. LG V30S+ ThinQ LG V30S ThinQ ZTE Blade V9 Vita Nokia 7 Plus. BLU Vivo 8 Announced February 2018, weight 158g, 6” OLED Capacitive Touch Screen, 16 MP Camera, Bluetooth 5.0,Wi-Fi Price in February 2018 View Full Specifications | Unboxing Pictures | Manual Download | 360 View. BLU Vivo 8 Announced February 2018, weight 158g, 6” OLED Capacitive Touch Screen, 16 MP Camera, Bluetooth 5.0,Wi-Fi Price in February 2018 View Full Specifications | Unboxing Pictures | Manual Download | 360 View. BLU Vivo 8 Announced February 2018, weight 145g, 5.45” IPS LCD Capacitive TouchScreen, 13 MP Camera, Bluetooth 4.1,Wi-Fi Price in February 2018 View Full Specifications | Unboxing Pictures | Manual Download | 360 View. BLU Vivo 8 Announced February 2018, weight 155g, 6” IPS LCD Capacitive TouchScreen, 12 MP Camera, Bluetooth 5.0,Wi-Fi Price in February 2018 View Full Specifications | Unboxing Pictures | Manual Download | 360 View. Home | Privacy Policy. 
ENGLISH  MENU. You can manage your notification subscription by clicking on the icon. You are Blocked.Please unblock to get news alerts. Click Here to know more.. Also available in: हिन्दी ಕನ್ನಡ മലയാളം தமிழ் తెలుగు বাংলা ગુજરાતી. News Mobile Telecom Wearables Home-Entertainment Apps Laptop Camera Tablet Gaming. Reviews Mobiles Wearables Home-Entertainment Apps Laptops/PC Tablets. How-To Tips and Tricks Mobile Feature Wearable Feature Home-Entertainment Feature Social Media Feature Apps Feature. Gallery Mobiles Concepts Laptops Reviews Wearables Tablets. Videos Reviews How-to First Impression Unboxing Interviews Features. New Devices Search Mobiles Search Laptops Recent Launches Upcoming Mobiles Compare Mobiles Top 10 Mobiles. Key Specs Overview Images Complete Specs Competitors News. BLU Vivo 8 Upcoming. Facebook Twitter Google Plus. Market Status: Coming Soon | Launch Date in India: 2017, Coming Soon |. 13MP Primary Camera, 16 MP Front Camera. 5.5 inches 1080 x 1920 pixels. Octa core, 2.0 GHz, Cortex A53. Gorilla Glass OTG Supported. BLU Vivo 8 comes with a 5.5 inches Capacitive Touchscreen. display with a screen resolution of 1080 x 1920 pixels. The smartphone makes use of an Octa core, 2.0 GHz, Cortex A53, MediaTek MT6755 that is coupled with Mali-T860 MP2 GPU,. 4 GB RAM and 64 GB Storage default memory capacity. This storage can be expanded up to another up to 64 GB. with the help of a microSD Card.. For imaging, the BLU Vivo 8 sports a 13 MP Camera with 1080p@30fps, GeoTagging, HDR, Continuos Shooting.. Up front, the smartphone from BLU makes use of a 16 MP Camera with LED Flash selfie camera.. The connectivity aspects on board the BLU Vivo 8 includes Wi-Fi 802.11 b/g/n, hotspot, v4.0, A2DP, microUSB v2.0, with A-GPS support. The BLU Vivo 8 gets the power from a Non-removable Li-Ion 4010 mAh battery.. The BLU Vivo 8 runs Android OS, v7.0 (Nougat).. BLU Vivo 8 comes packed with a series of sensors, like Fingerprint Sensor, Quick Charging.. The smartphone is priced at Rs. GENERAL Operating System Android OS, v7.0 (Nougat) Device type Smart Phone Sim Dual Sim (Micro + Nano) ANNOUNCED Status Coming Soon Global Release Date August 2017 Indian Release Date 2017, Coming Soon BODY Dimensions 154.5 x 76.5 x 8.3 mm Weight 180 g DISPLAY Screen size 5.5 inches Form Factor Touch Screen resolution 1080 x 1920 pixels Touchscreen Capacitive Touchscreen Technology (Display Type) IPS LCD PROCESSOR CPU Octa core, 2.0 GHz, Cortex A53 GPU Mali-T860 MP2 Chipset MediaTek MT6755 STORAGE Internal Storage 64 GB Storage RAM 4 GB RAM External Storage up to 64 GB Card Slot microSD Card Phonebook Yes Messaging Yes Call Records Yes CAMERA Primary camera 13 MP Camera Front Camera 16 MP Camera with LED Flash Video Recording 1080p@30fps Camera Features GeoTagging, HDR, Continuos Shooting MULTIMEDIA Audio Player MP3, AAC, WMA, WAV Video Player MP4, H.263, H.264, WMV, XviD, DivX Games Yes FM Radio Yes Speakers Yes Audio Jack 3.5mm Audio Jack BATTERY Type Non-removable Li-Ion 4010 mAh battery Stand by Up to 750 hrs Talk time Up to 28 hrs CONNECTIVITY GPRS Yes Edge Yes WLAN Wi-Fi 802.11 b/g/n, hotspot Bluetooth v4.0, A2DP USB microUSB v2.0 GPS Facility with A-GPS support Browser HTML5 3G Speed HSPA, LTE NETWORK SUPPORT 3G HSDPA 850 / 1900 / 2100 MHz 2G GSM 850 / 900 / 1800 / 1900 MHz 4G VoLTE OTHER FEATURES Sensors Fingerprint Sensor, Quick Charging. 4 GB 12MP. Samsung Galaxy On7 Prime (64GB - 4GB RAM). 4 GB 13MP. 3 GB 13MP. Honor 9 Lite (64GB - 4GB RAM). 4 GB 13MP. BLU launches Vivo 8L with 20MP selfie camera and 4,000mAh battery unit October 25, 2017. BLU, an American company headquartered in Miami has announced a new selfie-centered smartphone for masses. Dubbed as Vivo 8L, which might confuse some consumers for name similarities with Chinese tech giant Vivo, is a mid-range smartphone with a 20MP front-facing camera.. BLU R1 Plus (32GB - 3GB RAM). BLU R1 Plus (16GB - 2GB RAM). Upcoming Upcoming Upcoming Upcoming Upcoming. About Us | Terms of Service | Privacy Policy | RSS | Contact Us | Site Feedback | Sitemap. © Greynium Information Technologies Pvt. Stay updated with latest technology news & gadget reviews - Gizbot. You have already selected 4 products. 
Ver todos los videos en YouTube. BLU Vivo 8: Características y especificaciones. El BLU Vivo 8 es un smartphone Android con una pantalla HD de 5.5 pulgadas, procesador Helio P10 octa-core, 4GB de RAM, 64GB de almacenamiento interno, cámara principal de 13 MP con PDAF, cámara frontal de 16 MP con flash LED, batería de 4010 mAh y corre Android 7.0 Nougat.. BLU Vivo 8 Características principales. Android 7.0 es el sistema operativo del BLU Vivo 8. , que en cuanto a dimensiones tiene un perfil de 8.3 mm. y un peso de 180 g.. En cuanto a sus características técnicas , el BLU Vivo 8 tiene una pantalla de 5.5" con una resolución de 1080 x 1920 pixels.. Dentro del BLU Vivo 8 encontramos un procesador Helio P10 2GHz, acompañado de 4GB de memoria RAM.. También cuenta con 64GB de almacenamiento. y la memoria interna puede ser ampliada vía microSD. La cámara trasera del BLU Vivo 8 tiene una resolución de 13 MP. , y la energía es provista por una batería de 4010 mAh. .El BLU Vivo 8 también tiene Radio FM. Pantalla 5.5", 1080 x 1920 pixels Procesador Helio P10 2GHz 4GB RAM. 64GB, microSD Cámara: 13 MP. OS: Android 7.0 Perfil: 8.3 mm Peso: 180 g. Reviews de usuarios del BLU Vivo 8. basado en 1 experiencias. Flash LED frontal Cámara frontal de alta resolución (16MP) Muy buena densidad de pixels (401ppi) Amplia memoria RAM (4GB). BLU Vivo 8 características avanzadas. Mas opiniones del BLU Vivo 8. Opina sobre el BLU Vivo 8. GSM 850 / 900 / 1800 / 1900 (SIM 1 & SIM 2) - HSDPA 850 / 1700(AWS) / 1900 / 2100 -. - LTE 2(1900), 4(1700/2100), 7(2600), 12(700), 17(700) ó LTE 1(2100), 2(1900), 3(1800), 4(1700/2100), 5(850), 7(2600), 28(700). 154.5 x 76.5 x 8.3 mm. LCD IPS touchscreen capacitivo, 16M colores. 1080 x 1920 pixels, 5.5 pulgadas. - Sensor acelerómetro para auto rotación. - Sensor de proximidad para auto apagado. - Conector de audio 3.5 mm. Entradas y campos prácticamente ilimitados, Foto de llamada. - 4GB RAM, 64GB almacenamiento interno. - Procesador Mediatek MT6755 Helio P10 octa-core 2GHz, GPU Mali-T860. SMS, MMS, Email, Push Mail, IM. 13 MP, autofocus por detección de fase, flash LED, geo-tagging, foco táctil, detección de rostro y sonrisa, video 1080p@30fps, cámara frontal 16 MP, flash LED. - Wi-Fi 802.11 b/g/n/ac; Wi-Fi Direct. - 3G HSDPA 42Mbps / HSUPA 11Mbps. - Cancelación activa de ruido con micrófono dedicado. Hasta 750 h (2G) / Hasta 700 h (3G). Hasta 28 h (2G) / Hasta 22 h (3G). Opiniones y Comentarios BLU Vivo 8. Hay 4 opiniones del BLU Vivo 8 .. Hola, tengo el aparato hace 20 dias. Tengo un problema con las llamadas entrantes. Todas las llamadas de contactos que no estan en favoritos no sale sonido alguno. Ahora si modifico el volumen del audio y despues pruebo nuevamente ahi suena. Pero luego de un rato vuelve a pasar lo mismo. Parece ser algun conflicto de Soft. Tengo un Vivo 8 y en verdad estoy muy conforme, pero me ha aparecido un problema que me está molestando mucho. Cada vez en mayor cantidad...Es un virus o un defecto del celular?. Ver todas las Opiniones del BLU Vivo 8 - Total de opiniones de usuarios: 4. Tu experiencia o preguntas sobre el BLU Vivo 8. - Sé preciso en la pregunta sobre el BLU Vivo 8. - Cuenta tus experiencias positivas y negativas. - No insultes, ni uses palabras groseras, si es así probablemente tu opinión se elimine. - Recuerda que smartGSM NO vende móviles ni celulares. Tu opinión vale! Recomienda (o no!) al BLU Vivo 8 a otros usuarios. El nuevo BLU Vivo 8L tiene una envidiable batería de 4000mAh. Sony presenta dos nuevos flagships con nuevo lenguaje de diseño: los esperados Sony Xperia XZ2 y Xperia XZ2 Compact. Una alternativa más confiable para desbloquear la pantalla del Samsung Galaxy S9/S9+: Intelligent Scan. Dos propuestas de mediana a baja gama de ZTE: Blade V9 y Blade V9 VITA, dos modelos con ligeras diferencias. Podría ocurrir que se repitan en otro lado, pero las cámaras del Samsung Galaxy S9/S9+ son algo único. Presentación oficial: el Samsung Galaxy S9/S9+ no viene con muchas sorpresas, pero igualmente deslumbra. SmartGSM es una de las comunidades de habla hispana más grandes sobre teléfonos celulares. Fundado en el 2004, smartGSM cubre todas las noticias y novedades sobre telefonía móvil y provee características de teléfonos celulares, smartphones, tablets y wearables. smartGSM cuenta con una comunidad de usuarios que reflejan sus experiencias, opiniones y críticas sobre teléfonos celulares y tablets.. Las especificaciones de los celulares son a título informativo y pueden variar. smartGSM no se responsabiliza del uso de las mismas.. Copyright © 2004 - 2018 smart-gsm.com. 
BLU Vivo 8 The easiest way to keep your BLU Vivo 8 safe against chafes, dirt, dust, grime and everyday wear damage is by using an IQ Shield protector. Each protector is precisely designed for your BLU Vivo 8 to make certain that all of the required openings are incorporated to keep your device fully operational. The high quality protective film also features a protective UV layer that prevents the protector from turning yellow, allowing it to remain crystal clear. Each protector is invisible to the naked eye and the smooth surface makes it give the impression as if no protector is installed. Each protector can be easily installed and removed just as easily without ever leaving any residue or marks that will damage your device. Included with every IQ Shield protector pack for the BLU Vivo 8 is an installation squeegee, a microfiber cleansing cloth, a protector for your device, and a set of detailed instructions to assist you through your installation. All IQ Shield protectors are backed by a lifetime warranty that will replace your protector free of charge should it ever wear or need to be replaced.. BLU Vivo 8 LiQuid Shield Screen Protector. BLU Vivo 8 LiQuid Shield Full Body Skin Protector. BLU Vivo 8 Matte Screen Protector. BLU Vivo 8 Matte Full Body Skin Protector. Amazon Apple BlackBerry HTC Huawei Google Kyocera LG Motorola Nokia Samsung Sony ZTE OTHER BRANDS. Amazon E-Books Amazon Phones Amazon Tablets Amazon Set-Top Boxes Amazon Speakers. Apple Laptops Apple mp3 Players Apple Phones Apple Tablets Apple Miscellaneous Apple Watches. HTC Phones HTC Tablets HTC Watches. Huawei Phones Huawei Tablets Huawei Watches. Google Laptops Google Phones Google Tablets Google Misc. LG Phones LG Tablets LG Watches LG Laptops. Motorola Phones Motorola Tablets Motorola Watches. Nokia Phones Nokia Tablets Nokia Watches. Samsung Cameras Samsung Laptops Samsung mp3 Players Samsung Phones Samsung Tablets Samsung Watches Samsung 3D Glasses. Sony Cameras Sony E-Books Sony Laptops Sony Phones Sony Tablets Sony Watches Sony PlayStation Sony PlayStation Portable. ZTE Phones ZTE Tablets ZTE Watches. 
Menu Login Sign Up. Find the Best Cell Phone and Plan for You. Wirefly helps you save on cell phones and plans by offering innovative comparison tools so consumers can make educated choices. Compare Phones and Plans Compare Cell Phones. How Much Data Do I Need. Wirefly helps you save on Internet service by offering innovative comparison tools to compare Internet providers in your area.. Compare Internet by ZIP Code Compare Internet & TV Bundles Compare Business Internet. Test your current internet connection with our speed test and see what services your provider can handle. Find out your download speed, upload speed, latency, and more.. Test Your Internet Speed Internet Speed Test. Compare Cell Phones > BLU. Purchase with a plan or or. Motorola RAZR V3 Dolce & Gabbana. DROID RAZR MAXX HD by Motorola. The BLU Vivo 8L is a 4G LTE smartphone with a 5.3-inch display with 720x1280 resolution and 277ppi. From within, the phone runs on a 1.3GHz Octa-Core MediaTek MT6753 processor with 2GB of RAM. There is an internal storage of a 32GB and a microSD card slot for up to 64GB memory expansion. On the back of the phone is an 13-megapixel rear-facing camera with 1080p HD video main shooter with 1080pHD video recording and a 20-megapixel. camera can be found in front of the device. The device also includes a non-removable 4,000mAh battery, Dual SIM, and a fingerprint scanner. Upon release, the phone runs Android 7.0 Nougat OS.. Looks like there are no reviews yet, be the first to write one now.. Sort by Oldest Latest Negative Positive. Plans Unlocked Specs Media Reviews Deals. - Any - 0 5KB 50MB 30MB 100MB 125MB 150MB 200MB 250MB 300MB 334MB 350MB 375MB 400MB 500MB 600MB 625MB 700MB 800MB 834MB 900MB 938MB 1GB 1.2GB 1.5GB 1.6GB 2GB 2.03GB 2.5GB 3GB 3.7GB 4GB 5GB 6GB 6.1GB 7GB 7.3GB 8GB 8.5GB 9GB 10GB 11GB 12GB 13GB 14GB 15GB 16GB 18GB 20GB 22GB 23GB 24GB 25GB 30GB 32GB 35GB 40GB 50GB 60GB 80GB 85GB 100GB 120GB 150GB 200GB Unlimited. - Any - AT&T Atlantis Telecom Boost Mobile Cricket SpeedTalk Mobile BOOM Mobile CREDO Mobile GIV Mobile MetroPCS Net10 Pix Wireless Project Fi Pure TalkUSA Red Pocket Mobile ROK Mobile Republic Wireless Sprint Straight Talk Ting T-Mobile TextNow Tello Teltik TPO Mobile Twigby US Mobile Verizon Wireless Virgin Mobile. - Any - Monthly/No Contract Prepaid. Sort by: Price Carrier Minutes Data. Our review of BLU's new $200 off-contract smartphone.. Expert Review User reviews. There doesn't appear to be any current deals for this device. Use the search bar above to search for more deals. Google Lens lands on other non.... Google: Over 40 phone and carr.... Galaxy S9 could hit stores on.... LG to announce new models of K.... Report: Verizon is tops in App.... Apple rolls out fix for messag.... Can An iPhone Get a Virus?. How To Spot A Good Android Phone. How To Transfer Contacts To A New C.... iPhone Stuck on Apple Logo and How.... The 5 Best Bitcoin Wallets for iPho.... Find the Best Cell Phone and Plan for You. Wirefly helps you save on cell phones and plans by offering innovative comparison tools so consumers can make educated choices. Find The Best TV and Internet Providers For You. Paying too much for Internet or TV service? Use our tool to compare Internet providers, TV providers, and bundled services.. ZTE Blade Vantage Android One Moto X4 ZTE Axon M Razer Phone LG 328BG HTC U11 Life BlackBerry Motion Alcatel OneTouch Flint ZTE Z232 TL T-Mobile REVVL Plus. Wirefly Is America's Most Trusted Source For All Cell Phones, Plans, TV, and Internet Deals. Wirefly offers great deals on a large selection of smartphones, cell phones, tablets, mobile hotspots, and other wireless devices for the nation's most popular carriers. Use Wirefly’s innovative cell phone and plan comparison tools to ensure you are getting the best deal on the market. Shop with confidence knowing that Wirefly wants to help you find the best prices on cell phones, cell phone plans, TV, and Internet service.. Privacy Policy | Term of Use | Contact | About Us. WireFly.com © 2018 All Rights Reserved. 
BLU VIVO 8 Review – Good, Not Great, But Almost. Android , Pocketables , Reviews. BLU is back with another mid-range phone. This time it is the VIVO 8 , a 5.5″ 1080p device that’s brimming with metal and glass. It’s a phone that sort of looks like an iPhone and feels like a premium phone but only costs $300. How does it stack up ata that price? Read on to find out.. The VIVO 8 is very much an iPhone-inspired device. The gold unit we received for review is reminiscent of the iPhone 6 and forward line. It’s got a white chin-happy face with a recessed home button below the screen. The backplate is curved metal with rounded sides. If you’ve ever used a modern HTC or Apple device then you’ll instantly feel at home with the VIVO 8. It’s nice to look at and hold, if somewhat uninspired.. The volume rocker and power buttons sit along the right side of the device (where every good phone has them) and they are satisfyingly clicky. There’s a microUSB port along the bottom. I wish the device supported USB Type C. Hopefully the next generation VIVO will. The left side of the phone sports the dual-sim/microSD combo tray.. One thing that is really interesting on the VIVO 8 are the back and app-switcher buttons. They are capacitive buttons that flank the home button, which isn’t unusual, but they are just dots. There’s no iconography to tell you what function they perform and they are very difficult to see. When I first started using the VIVO 8 I though for sure that this would be a problem but it really isn’t. I found myself just using the buttons and not thinking about them. And not having symbols drawn on the face of the phone makes it look just that much more sleek.. Overall, there’s a pleasing effect to the VIVO 8’s look and feel. Everything is rounded, cool to the touch, and quite comfortable.. The VIVO 8 hits the sweet spot for me with its 5.5″ 1080p screen. That’s just the right combo of size and pixel density (400 ppi) for a handheld display. You get a pixel-rich screen without sacrificing battery life like you would on a 2k screen. It’s an LCD and, while I prefer AMOLED, it does look great. There are software features to adjust the color temperature of the screen (cool, warm, neutral) but I found the default neutral setting to be just right. There’s really nothing to dislike about the VIVO 8’s display.. Mid-range devices are really coming into their own and the VIVO 8 is no exception. MediaTek Helio P10 6755 SoC that has eight A53 cores supporting up to 2.0 GHz. The COU is paired with 4 GB RAM which seems like plenty in 2017. Navigating around the OS and in apps is smooth and buttery. There’s really nothing to tell you that this phone didn’t cost $700 or more.. The phone scores a 3020 in the Geekbench 4 CPU benchmark which places it in the performance range of the Note 4 and Nexus 6P. The GPU scored 1946 which is right in line with the Galaxy S6.. Anecdotally, I had no problems using the phone to play GPU intense games. Games loaded quickly and appeared to run at their full fidelity. This is an area where I expected to ding the device just based on my previous experience with MediaTek hardware. I was pleasantly surprised to find that the phone holds its own.. The fingerprint reader that’s included is fast and accurate. It’s really a bit or a surprise how good it is. I do wish it had some of the gesture features found on the newer Motorola phones but, as far as it goes, it is excellent.. The battery in the VIVO 8 is huge at 4010 mAh. Combined with the efficient MediaTek CPU and 1080p screen there’s more than enough juice to last through 24 hours and beyond. There isn’t too much else to say here (especially since I lost out on my GSAM BAttery Monitor stats :( ) other than the phone will last a long time.. The main camera on the VIVO 8 is middling, for sure. It’s a 12 MP shooter that performs fine for most applications. Moving from shot to shot is snappy and there are plenty of features like time lapse, barcode scanning, GIF capture, slow motion, and more. As usual with this class device, it suffers a bit in lower-light situations. But you can take good pictures with it and for most users it will be fine as an everyday camera.. Interestingly, the front camera has a higher resolution at 16 MP. It’s pretty good as far as front cameras go. It has a real flash, which is a nice feature for the selfie-obsessed. It also has all of the same software features as the rear camera.. As with many BLU devices, the on-device software is the biggest pain point. It’s not that it is a bad experience, per se, it’s just that there are some bad decisions made occassionally. The phone ships with Android 7.0 and the July 2017 security patch. That’s good, but don’t expect to ever see an update for this phone. That’s just the expectation for BLU phones.. What really kills me is the notification segregation. The OS tries to do some intelligent sorting of notifications by showing “important” notifications and hiding “other” ones. I hate this kind of thing. The thing is, the OS doesn’t know what is important to me. I typically tailor notifications myself using in-app or OS settings. I can see some benefit here for some users. We all have that friend or relative that has dozens of notifications in the notification tray because they don’t know how or don’t care to clear them out. But for someone like me, this is super annoying.. Another knock on the software set is the obnoxious launcher. It’s a launcher with no app drawer and, by default, almost all of the apps are grouped into folders like “Productivity” and “System”. Good luck figuring out where pre-installed apps are. Fortunately, there are dozens of replacement launchers available in the Play Store to solve this problem.. Normally on an Android device you’d access this by swiping down from the top of the screen. On the VIVO 8 it’s accessed by swiping up from the bottom of the screen – just like an iPhone. It works fine but it’s just too much of a me-too decision for me and is different from almost any Android device you’ll have used in the past.. BLU is positioning this phone against the Moto G5 Plus. In some ways it exceeds the Motorola device – screen size, base storage, battery. In others it falls short – software, fingerprint reader gestures (FTW!), updates. It’s definitely a device to consider if you are looking to spend mid-range money on a phone. It checks off most of the boxes for a normal user – fingerprint reader, large screen, plenty of RAM, plenty of storage, iPhone-like design. Would I choose it over the Moto G5 Plus? Probably not but I’m a bit of a Moto fan-boy. If you like the look and feel of Apple and Samsung devices but don’t want to spend what Samsung and Apple charge then I think you’ll love this phone. It’s available for $299 from Amazon in either gold or black. I'm a long-time tech and gadget enthusiast that currently uses Android, Windows 10 Mobile, and iOS devices. I'm always interested in ways to improve my family's life with new devices and services, though my beautiful wife might just say I'm addicted to playing with gadgets.. Jabra Speak 710 speakerphone/wireless speaker review. Eyedro Wireless Home Electricity Monitor review. iClever Bluetooth Speaker BTS05 – review. Check Out This Disney Parks Exclusive OtterBox Case. Huawei Mate 10 Pro review, a week in. [DEAL] The BLU VIVO X is On Sale for $199 for a Limited Time. Get a grip on your games with Gamevice. Talking to your kids about Meltdown and Spectre. Post was not sent - check your email addresses!. Email check failed, please try again. Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.. 
Home Account Sign out Sign up Log in. Specs Prices Reviews Q+A. From - To. Comparing BLU VIVO 8L and Blu Vivo XL2. $179.99 View deals. $146.99 View deals. 0-100 scale indicating how frequently people buy the product online. 5.3"HD Curved Corning Gorilla Glass 3 Display; 90% metal body with Fingerprint Sensor 13MP Sony IMX258 Main Camera with Flash + 20MP Super Selfie Camera with Flash 32GB of Internal Memory 3GB RAM Micro SD up to 64GB, MediaTek 6753 1.3GHz Octa Core processor 64 Bit with Mali-T720 GPU 4,000mAh Super Battery with Quick Charge; Android Nougat 7.0 4G LTE, (1/2/3/4/7/12/17/28), 3G HSPA+ (850/900/1700/1900/2100): US compatibility Nationwide on all GSM Networks including AT&T, T-Mobile, Cricket, MetroPCS, Straight Talk, and others. Aesthetically engraved Micro pattern followed by electrolyzed paint particle to achieved a metallic sunburst effect, captivating 5.5"HD display with IPS technology + Corning Gorilla glass 3 32GB Internal memory 3GB RAM Micro SD up to 64GB 13MP Autofocus Main Camera with flash + 8MP front Camera Cortex 1.4GHz Quad core processor with GPU Mali-T720; built in 3,150Mah battery quick charge, get 100% battery in a lighting speed of 2.5 hours. 4G LTE, (2/4/7/12/17), 4G HSPA+ (850/1700/1900/2100). GSM Quad band: US compatibility Nationwide on all GSM Networks including AT&T, T-Mobile, Cricket, MetroPCS, Straight Talk, and others Read more. Mouse over a color for a picture. no data Know this info? Contribute!. Show weights for other variations 499 grams - Blue 454 grams 386 grams - Gold. 15 cm x 7.6 mm x 7.4 cm. Show dimensions for other variations 15 cm x 7.6 mm x 7.6 cm - Blue 16 cm x 7.9 cm x 7.6 mm 15 cm x 7.6 mm x 7.6 cm - Gold. 15 cm x 7.6 mm x 7.6 cm. no data Know this info? Contribute!. Mouse over a model for a picture. V0070UU BLUE V0070UU GOLD. Samsung Galaxy Grand Prime DUOS 8GB. Key features 5.3"HD Curved Corning Gorilla Glass 3 Display 90% metal body with Fingerprint Sensor 13MP Sony IMX258 Main Camera with Flash 20MP Super Selfie Camera with Flash 32GB of Internal Memory 3GB RAM Micro SD up to 64GB MediaTek 6753 1.3GHz Octa Core processor 64 Bit with Mali-T720 GPU 4,000mAh Super Battery with Quick Charge; Android Nougat 7.0 4G LTE. BLU VIVO 8L is a very popular option in the middle of the smartphones price range. It's in the top 3 bestselling smartphones and has dozens of popular alternatives in the same price range, such as Samsung Galaxy Note 3 32GB or Apple iPhone 4 Verizon .. BLU VIVO 8L is $8.10 more expensive than an average smartphone ($171.98).. Key features Aesthetically engraved Micro pattern Electrolyzed paint particle Metallic sunburst effect 5.5"HD display with IPS technology Corning Gorilla glass 3 32GB Internal memory 3GB RAM Micro SD up to 64GB 13MP Autofocus Main Camera with flash 8MP front Camera Cortex 1.4GHz Quad core processor with GPU Mali-T720 Built in 3,150Mah battery 4G LTE 4G HSPA+ GSM Quad band. Blu Vivo XL2 is a very popular and one of the cheaper options. It's in the top 3 bestselling smartphones and has dozens of popular alternatives in the same price range, such as Motorola Moto G 16GB or BLU Life One X .. Blu Vivo XL2 is $24.99 less expensive than an average smartphone ($171.98).. Reviews from real customers who bought the product on Amazon. Loading customer reviews Retailer didn't disclose reviews for this item. Click here to view reviews on retailer's website Show price options, delivery options and more details for BLU VIVO 8L. Loading customer reviews Retailer didn't disclose reviews for this item. Click here to view reviews on retailer's website Show price options, delivery options and more details for Blu Vivo XL2. There are 5 questions about Smartphones. what is the best phone in high cam quality. Related: Lg Q6 , Iphone 8 Plus , Smartphones | Submitted by anonymous 50 days ago. Answer question I have this question too. Be the first one to reply?. My Alcatel px4 uses too much electricity?. Related: Alcatel A30 Plus , Samsung Galaxy S7 32GB , Smartphones | Submitted by David 142 days ago. Answer question I have this question too. Be the first one to reply?. I am down to the wire on which phone to buy for amazon prime, I like the Moto G5 or Honor 8, any suggestions?. Related: Moto G Plus 5th Gen , Huawei Honor 8 , Smartphones | Submitted by anonymous 229 days ago. Answer question I have this question too. Be the first one to reply?. Is the Blu Vivo 5 compatible with Motorola Bluetooth hands free 325. Related: BLU VIVO 5 32GB , Smartphones | Submitted by anonymous 261 days ago. Answer question I have this question too. Be the first one to reply?. I just paid through ebay a purchase. Of Samsung Galaxy S6 SM-G920T - 32GB - Black (T-Mobile). It is still locked and am seeking to know. To unlock it and use in Zambia FSM lines.. Related: Smartphones | Submitted by anonymous 347 days ago. Answer question I have this question too. Be the first one to reply?. BLU VIVO 8L vs Blu Vivo 8 BLU VIVO 8L vs Samsung Galaxy J7 2016. Blu Vivo XL2 vs Blu R1 Plus Blu Vivo XL2 vs LG G4 32GB. 6 Surprising Recipes You Can Make in a Slow Cooker. Top 4 Pressure Cookers to Save Time and Space. Top Qualities of a Good Espresso Machine. Go to Amazon Reviews Hide Amazon Reviews. This website displays data from third party public sources. We do not endorse or disapprove of any products presented here. The data presented is for information purposes only. All Trademarks and Copyrights belong to their respective owners. This website is an Amazon Affiliate.. Home page | Contact. us | Privacy. policy | Terms. use | Disclaimer | About. × Close Modal title. Join the community! ×. Already have an account? Log in. Don't have an account? Sign up. 
Find the Best Cell Phone and Plan for You. PhoneDog's innovative comparison tool can help you save on cell phones and plans. Find the best phone and plan for you today with PhoneDog!. Compare Phones and Plans Compare Cell Phones. Trending: iPhone 8. f g+ t yt. BLU Vivo 8 official, will be on sale for $199.99 for a limited time. Editorial Director of News and Content. BLU has launched its newest Android smartphone, and for a limited time, you can get it for $100 off its regular price.. The BLU Vivo 8 is now available from Amazon. Normally the Vivo 8 is priced at $299.99, but from August 31st through September 1st at 11:59 pm EST, you can get one for $199.99. The Vivo 8 is available in Black and Gold color options.. When it comes to specs, the BLU Vivo 8 is packing a 5.5-inch 1920x1080 display, 13-megapixel rear camera with Sony IMX258 lens, and a 16-megapixel front-facing camera with LED flash. There’s also a fingerprint reader on the front of the phone, below the display.. Inside the Vivo 8 lives an octa-core MediaTek Helio P10 processor that’s paired with 4GB of RAM and 64GB of storage. There’s a microSD slot if you need more storage, as well as dual SIM slots. Powering this whole package is a 4,010mAh battery. On the software side, it’s running Android 7.0 Nougat.. BLU’s Vivo 8 is sold unlocked and includes support for LTE bands 2, 4, 7, 12, and 17, which means that it should work on AT&T and T-Mobile in the U.S.. The BLU Vivo 8 looks like a respectable mid-range device, especially at its $199.99 sale price. That offer will only be available for 48 hours, though, so if you’re interested in the Vivo 8, you may want to jump on BLU’s $100 off deal.. Previous Article LG V30 announced with 18:9 FullVision display, dual cameras. Next Article T-Mobile may kick off Galaxy Note 8 BOGO deal on September 1st. Don't forget to VOTE! Each week, PhoneDog Fans vote for their #1 smartphone in the Official Smartphone Rankings. Vote now and contribute to the industry's most relevant weekly ranking charts.. LG V30 announced with 18:9 FullVision display, dual cameras Sony introduces new Xperia XZ1 and XZ1 Compact Sony debuts mid-range Xperia XA1 Plus with large battery and impressive camera BlackBerry KEYone Black Edition official with 4GB of RAM and 64GB of storage. Select the amount of total data you need for the entire plan.. For example, if you need 2 lines with 1 GB of data each, you would select 2 GB of data with the data slider below.. - Any - 0 5KB 50MB 30MB 100MB 125MB 150MB 200MB 250MB 300MB 334MB 350MB 375MB 400MB 500MB 600MB 625MB 700MB 800MB 834MB 900MB 938MB 1GB 1.2GB 1.5GB 1.6GB 2GB 2.03GB 2.5GB 3GB 3.7GB 4GB 5GB 6GB 6.1GB 7GB 7.3GB 8GB 8.5GB 9GB 10GB 11GB 12GB 13GB 14GB 15GB 16GB 18GB 20GB 22GB 23GB 24GB 25GB 30GB 32GB 35GB 40GB 50GB 60GB 80GB 85GB 100GB 120GB 150GB 200GB Unlimited. BLU Vivo X Review: BLU's Most Appealing Smartphone Yet!. 4 days 16 hours ago. Android 8.0 Oreo on the OnePlus 5T. 5 days 14 hours ago. 1 week 13 hours ago. The OnePlus 5T Competitor You Haven't Heard About. 1 week 3 days ago. People's Choice Expert's Choice. OFFICIAL SMARTPHONE RANKINGS Please Login/Register to Vote. OFFICIAL SMARTPHONE RANKINGS Please Login/Register to Vote. OFFICIAL SMARTPHONE RANKINGS Please Login/Register to Vote. OFFICIAL SMARTPHONE RANKINGS Please Login/Register to Vote. OFFICIAL SMARTPHONE RANKINGS Please Login/Register to Vote. BLU S1 Review: BLU's First CDMA Smartphone!. This Week's "People's Choice Rankings" Best Smartphone. OFFICIAL SMARTPHONE RANKINGS Please Login/Register to Vote. OFFICIAL SMARTPHONE RANKINGS Please Login/Register to Vote. OFFICIAL SMARTPHONE RANKINGS Please Login/Register to Vote. OFFICIAL SMARTPHONE RANKINGS Please Login/Register to Vote. OFFICIAL SMARTPHONE RANKINGS Please Login/Register to Vote. Recent news from our top carriers:. Samsung Galaxy S9 and S9+ pricing. T-Mobile wins awards for 4G LTE. Samsung Galaxy S9 and S9+ pricing. Sprint says its 5G network will. T-Mobile wins awards for 4G LTE. Samsung Galaxy S9 and S9+ pricing. T-Mobile wins awards for 4G LTE. Samsung Galaxy S9 and S9+ pricing. Google Pixel 2 XL gets $400. Verizon Galaxy Note 8 gets $200. PHONEDOG PHONEDOG MEDIA FAMILY Phonedog - Cell Phone News TmoNews - The Unofficial T-Mobile Blog AndroidAndMe - Everything Android. PhoneDog Media is home to PhoneDog, Android & Me, TmoNews, and TodaysiPhone. The network receives 2.5 million unique visitors and 10 million pageviews each month, along with a combined three million video views on YouTube.. While the name is jovial, the PhoneDog Media network offers up a wealth of written and video content to help readers make important decisions about mobile technology.. Established in 2001, PhoneDog Media is a privately owned and operated company.. Company Home Privacy Policy Term of Use Contact About Us Sitemap In-Depth Reviews. Reproduction without explicit permission is prohibited. 
Home Shop MWC News Reviews Features Opinions Videos The Gadgets 360 Show Cell Guru Prime Tech Smartphone Reviews Tech and Gadget Reviews How-To Videos Video Game Reviews and Features Top Lists by Gadgets 360 Unboxing and Hands-On Videos Podcasts Compare Mobiles Phone Finder DEALS. Mobiles Tablets Apps Gaming Cameras PC/Laptops AUDIO/VIDEO How To Telecom Science INDIA INTERNET SOCIAL MEDIA WEARABLES हिंदी. Acer Adcom Alcatel Apple Archos Asus BlackBerry Blu Celkon Coolpad Datawind Fly Gionee HTC Huawei iBall iBerry Idea InFocus Intex iVoomi Jivi Karbonn Lava LeEco Lenovo LG Lyf Maxx Mobile Meizu Micromax Microsoft Motorola MTS Nokia Obi Oppo Panasonic Philips Ringing Bells Samsung Sony Spice Swipe Videocon Vivo Wickedleak Xiaomi Xolo Yu Zen Ziox Zopo ZTE. Home Mobiles Phone Finder Blu Vivo 8L. Share on Facebook Tweet Share Share Email Reddit. Blu Vivo 8L smartphone was launched in October 2017. The phone comes with a 5.30-inch touchscreen display with a resolution of 720 pixels by 1280 pixels at a PPI of 277 pixels per inch. The Blu Vivo 8L is powered by 1.3GHz octa-core MediaTek 6753 processor and it comes with 3GB of RAM. The phone packs 32GB of internal storage that can be expanded up to 64GB via a microSD card. As far as the cameras are concerned, the Blu Vivo 8L packs a 13-megapixel primary camera on the rear and a 20-megapixel front shooter for selfies. The Blu Vivo 8L runs Android 7.0 and is powered by a 4000mAh non removable battery. It measures 150.50 x 74.40 x 8.00 (height x width x thickness) and weigh 161.00 grams. The Blu Vivo 8L is a single SIM (GSM) smartphone that accepts a Nano-SIM. Connectivity options include Wi-Fi, GPS, Bluetooth, USB OTG, 3G and 4G. Sensors on the phone include Compass Magnetometer, Proximity sensor, Accelerometer, Ambient light sensor and Gyroscope.. Release date October 2017 Form factor Touchscreen Dimensions (mm) 150.50 x 74.40 x 8.00 Weight (g) 161.00 Battery capacity (mAh) 4000 Removable battery No Colours Black. Screen size (inches) 5.30 Touchscreen Yes Resolution 720x1280 pixels Pixels per inch (PPI) 277. Processor 1.3GHz octa-core Processor make MediaTek 6753 RAM 3GB Internal storage 32GB Expandable storage Yes Expandable storage type microSD Expandable storage up to (GB) 64. Rear camera 13-megapixel Rear Flash Yes Front camera 20-megapixel Front Flash Yes. Wi-Fi Yes GPS Yes Bluetooth Yes NFC No Infrared No USB OTG Yes Headphones 3.5mm FM No Number of SIMs 1 SIM 1 SIM Type Nano-SIM GSM/CDMA GSM 3G Yes 4G/ LTE Yes Supports 4G in India (Band 40) No. Compass/ Magnetometer Yes Proximity sensor Yes Accelerometer Yes Ambient light sensor Yes Gyroscope Yes Barometer No Temperature sensor No. Error or missing information? Please let us know. User ratings and reviews for Blu Vivo 8L. 4 Out of 5. 5 Star 4 Star 1 3 Star 2 Star 1 Star. Blu Vivo X Blu S1 Blu Advance A5 Plus Blu Advance A5 Blu Vivo 8 Blu R1 Plus Blu Life Max Blu Life One X2 Blu Vivo 5R Blu Pure XR Blu Energy XL Blu Tank 2 Blu Diva II Blu Life Mark Blu Vivo XL Blu Vivo 5 Blu Energy X Blu Studio Energy 2 Blu Pure XL Blu Vivo Air LTE Blu Win JR LTE Blu Win HD LTE. Blu Vivo 8 Blu Vivo 8l vs. Motorola Moto E4 Plus vs. Motorola Moto G4 Plus Blu Vivo 8l vs. Zte Blade X Max vs. Motorola Moto G5 Plus Blu Vivo 8l vs. Vivo Y69 Oppo F5 Youth vs. Vivo V7 Oppo F5 vs. Lenovo K8 Blu Vivo 8l vs. Google Pixel 2 Vivo Y75 vs. Vivo X20 Blu Vivo 8l vs. Xiaomi Redmi 4 Prime Blu Vivo 8l vs. Creative Muvo 10, Muvo 20, Woof. The sly world of spy cameras. Nokia 7 Plus Is an Android One Phone With Dual Rear Cameras, Zeiss Optics Samsung Galaxy S9, Galaxy S9+ Pre-Orders Now Open in India Nokia 7 Plus vs Nokia 7 Samsung Galaxy S9, Galaxy S9+ With Improved Cameras, AR Emoji Launched Nokia 8110 4G Is a 'Slider' Feature Phone With Google, Facebook Apps Mi MIX 2S With Snapdragon 845 Confirmed by Xiaomi; Launching on March 27 OnePlus 5, OnePlus 5T HD Content Streaming Issue Fixed, With a Catch Vodafone to Offer 4.5GB Data Per Day for 28 Days at Rs. 799: Report Vivo Unveils Concept Phone With Half-Screen Fingerprint Scanning at MWC Samsung Galaxy S9 vs Galaxy S8 vs Galaxy Note 8. Samsung phones price list Lyf phones price list Micromax phones price list Sony phones price list Htc phones price list Lenovo phones price list Intex phones price list Lava phones price list Apple phones price list Nokia phones price list Xolo phones price list Lg phones price list Vivo phones price list Oppo phones price list Gionee phones price list Motorola phones price list Blackberry phones price list Xiaomi phones price list. Sitemaps Archives Advertise About Us Feedback Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions Complaint Redressal Careers Contact Us RSS Ethics Blu Vivo 8L in Hindi. © Copyright Red Pixels Ventures Limited 2018. Subject Comments. 
Home Account Sign out Sign up Log in. Specs Prices Reviews Q+A. From - To. Comparing ASUS ZenFone 4 Max and Blu Vivo 8. $169 View deals. $248.99 View deals. ASUS ZenFone 4 Max The Asus ZenFone 4 Max is Asus's entry into the budget smartphone market. It's main selling point is its battery life supposedly able to last all day long. Under the $200 mark, it seems like a more af... ASUS ZenFone 4 Max Read full review Hide full review. Review by Review Finder 0 0. Pros Cheap Sturdy build quality Wide angle camera (which is fun) Good hardware for the price Solid value for money. Cons Bland design Software can get a bit clunky Display is bright but mediocre. The Asus ZenFone 4 Max is Asus's entry into the budget smartphone market. It's main selling point is its battery life supposedly able to last all day long. Under the $200 mark, it seems like a more affordable option, and is a good phone for the more spartan of us.. While its metal and plastic build is very sturdy, its design looks a bit dated and is reminiscent of a slab of metal and glass, not having anything to make it stand out. With big bezels, a fingerprint sensor/home button and mirrored capacitive navigation keys, its as plain as it gets.. With 3GB of RAM, 32 Gb of storage, and a Snapdragon 430 cpu, its decent hardware for the proce. Its an Android phone that has dual (8mp front, 13MP back) cameras and a massive, 5.5-inch bright (720p) display. It sports a dual SIM and is LTE compatible with all providers. Its big gun is its 5,000mAh battery that lasts for up to 15 hours and is the longest lasting to date apart from the good old Nokia 5110's we had in high school.. 0-100 scale indicating how frequently people buy the product online. 5000 mAh battery with Triple slots (Unlocked Dual SIM standby (nano Sims)) and Micro SD card support up to 256GB 5.5-Inch HD (1280 x 720) display and 400 nits brightness for easy viewing Qualcomm Snapdragon 430 Octa-core with 3GB of RAM, 32GB of storage 8MP front camera and dual rear camera with 13MP/5MP (latter one with 120 Degree wide angle view) and fingerprint sensor camera activation Compatible with GSM Networks including AT&T, T-Mobile, Straight Talk, Walmart Family Mobile, MetroPCS, Simple Mobile, Brightspot, Net10, h20 Wireless, and Cricket Wireless. This device is not compatible with CDMA Networks such as: Verizon, Sprint, and US Cellular Read more. 5.5" full HD 1080P display with curved Corning Gorilla glass 3; body design made out of 87% metal with fingerprint sensor. Ultra quick 9V/2a charger with long lasting 4, 010 mAh battery 13MP Sony IMX258 Main Camera with flash and 16MP selfie Camera with flash MediaTek 6755 Helio P10 2.0 Octa core processor, 64GB Internal memory 4GB RAM Purchase any qualifying 2017 BLU Smartphone for your chance to win a trip of a lifetime! See below for more details Read more. Mouse over a color for a picture. Show weights for other variations 181 grams - Black, 32GB 136 grams - Black, 16GB 136 grams - Midnight Black, 64GB. Show weights for other variations 227 grams - GOLD 227 grams - BLACK. Show dimensions for other variations 15 x 7.6 x 1 cm - Black, 32GB 15 cm x 7.4 cm x 7.6 mm - Black, 16GB 15 cm x 7.6 cm x 7.6 mm - Midnight Black, 64GB. 15 cm x 7.4 cm x 7.6 mm. Show dimensions for other variations 15 cm x 7.6 mm x 7.4 cm - GOLD 15 cm x 7.6 mm x 7.4 cm - BLACK. 15 cm x 7.6 mm x 7.4 cm. no data Know this info? Contribute!. Mouse over a model for a picture. ZC554KL-S430-3G32G-BK ZC520KL-S425-2G16G-BK ZE554KL-S630-4G64G-BK. V0150UU GOLD V0150UU BLACK. Samsung Galaxy Grand Prime DUOS 8GB. Key features 5000 mAh battery Micro SD card support up to 256GB 5.5-Inch HD 1280 x 720 400 nits brightnes Qualcomm Snapdragon 430 Octa-core 3GB of RAM 32GB of storage 8MP front camera Ual rear camera with 13MP/5MP 120 Degree wide angle view Fingerprint sensor camera activation. ASUS ZenFone 4 Max is a very popular option in the middle of the smartphones price range. It's in the top 3 bestselling smartphones and has dozens of popular alternatives in the same price range, such as Apple iPhone 5c 8GB or Leeco Le S3 .. ASUS ZenFone 4 Max was released last year in November. There are a couple newer smartphones on the market. ASUS ZenFone 4 Max is $2.98 cheaper than the average smartphone ($171.98).. Key features 5.5" full HD 1080P display Curved Corning Gorilla glass 3 Body design made out of 87% metal with fingerprint sensor Ultra quick 9V/2a charger with long lasting 4, 010 mAh battery 13MP Sony IMX258 Main Camera with flash 16MP selfie Camera with flash MediaTek 6755 Helio P10 2.0 Octa core processor 64GB Internal memory 4GB RAM. Blu Vivo 8 is a very popular and one of the more expensive options. It's in the top 3 bestselling smartphones and has dozens of popular alternatives in the same price range, such as Samsung Galaxy J7 Pro or Samsung Galaxy S6 .. Blu Vivo 8 was released last year in August. There are more than 5 newer smartphones on the market. Blu Vivo 8 is $77.10 more expensive than an average smartphone ($171.98).. Reviews from real customers who bought the product on Amazon. Loading customer reviews Retailer didn't disclose reviews for this item. Click here to view reviews on retailer's website Show price options, delivery options and more details for ASUS ZenFone 4 Max. Loading customer reviews Retailer didn't disclose reviews for this item. Click here to view reviews on retailer's website Show price options, delivery options and more details for Blu Vivo 8. There are 5 questions about Smartphones. what is the best phone in high cam quality. Related: Lg Q6 , Iphone 8 Plus , Smartphones | Submitted by anonymous 50 days ago. Answer question I have this question too. Be the first one to reply?. My Alcatel px4 uses too much electricity?. Related: Alcatel A30 Plus , Samsung Galaxy S7 32GB , Smartphones | Submitted by David 142 days ago. Answer question I have this question too. Be the first one to reply?. I am down to the wire on which phone to buy for amazon prime, I like the Moto G5 or Honor 8, any suggestions?. Related: Moto G Plus 5th Gen , Huawei Honor 8 , Smartphones | Submitted by anonymous 229 days ago. Answer question I have this question too. Be the first one to reply?. Is the Blu Vivo 5 compatible with Motorola Bluetooth hands free 325. Related: BLU VIVO 5 32GB , Smartphones | Submitted by anonymous 261 days ago. Answer question I have this question too. Be the first one to reply?. I just paid through ebay a purchase. Of Samsung Galaxy S6 SM-G920T - 32GB - Black (T-Mobile). It is still locked and am seeking to know. To unlock it and use in Zambia FSM lines.. Related: Smartphones | Submitted by anonymous 347 days ago. Answer question I have this question too. Be the first one to reply?. ASUS ZenFone 4 Max vs Samsung Galaxy S8 ASUS ZenFone 4 Max vs Moto G Plus 5th Gen. Blu Vivo 8 vs BLU VIVO 8L Blu Vivo 8 vs iPhone 6 Plus. 6 Surprising Recipes You Can Make in a Slow Cooker. Top 4 Pressure Cookers to Save Time and Space. Top Qualities of a Good Espresso Machine. Go to Amazon Reviews Hide Amazon Reviews. This website displays data from third party public sources. We do not endorse or disapprove of any products presented here. The data presented is for information purposes only. All Trademarks and Copyrights belong to their respective owners. This website is an Amazon Affiliate.. Home page | Contact. us | Privacy. policy | Terms. use | Disclaimer | About. × Close Modal title. Join the community! ×. Already have an account? Log in. Don't have an account? Sign up. 
Fecha de lanzamiento Julio de 2017. Sistema operativo Android 7.0 Nougat. Tamaño 5.5 pulgadas 20 Resolución 1080 x 1920 px Densidad 401 ppi (pixeles por pulgada) 42. Primaria 13 MP 116 (4160 x 3120 px) Secundaria 16 MP 3 (4608 x 3456 px). Capacidad 4010 mAh 38. SoC MediaTek Helio P10 (MT6755) Memoria RAM 4 GB 3 Almacenamiento interno 64 GB 3. Material constructivo Materiales utilizados en la construcción del dispositivo. Micro-SIM (3FF - third form factor, since 2003, 15.00 x 12.00 x 0.76 mm) Nano-SIM / microSD. LTE 800 MHz LTE 900 MHz LTE 1800 MHz LTE 2100 MHz LTE 2600 MHz LTE-TDD 1900 MHz (B39) LTE-TDD 2300 MHz (B40) LTE-TDD 2500 MHz (B41). UMTS 900 MHz UMTS 1900 MHz UMTS 2100 MHz. GSM 850 MHz GSM 900 MHz GSM 1800 MHz GSM 1900 MHz. UMTS (384 kbit/s ) EDGE GPRS HSPA+ (HSUPA 11 Mbit/s , HSDPA 42 Mbit/s ) LTE Cat 6 (51.0 Mbit/s , 301.5 Mbit/s ). SoC System-on-a-chip o SoC (sistema en chip, también referido como system-on-chip). 4x 2.0 GHz ARM Cortex-A53, 4x 1.2 GHz ARM Cortex-A53. Memoria caché de nivel 1 (L1). 256 KB + 256 KB (kilobytes). Memoria caché de nivel 2 (L2). Almacenamiento interno Algunos modelos de dispositivos pueden ofrecer diferentes cantidades de memoria interna. 5 V (volts) / 2 A (amps). Área de la pantalla Porcentaje del área frontal total del dispositivo ocupado por la pantalla. Proporción Relación existente entre el alto y el ancho del dispositivo. Capacitiva Multitáctil Resistente a arañazos Corning Gorilla Glass 3 Pantalla con vidrio curvo (2.5D). Foco automático Disparador continuo Zoom digital Geo-etiquetado Permite almacenar en las fotos tomadas su ubicación geográfica. Panorama HDR Foto táctil Detector de rostros White balance settings ISO settings Exposure compensation Temporizador Scene mode Phase detection Laser autofocus. 802.11b (IEEE 802.11b-1999) 802.11g (IEEE 802.11g-2003) 802.11n (IEEE 802.11n-2009) Wi-Fi Hotspot Wi-Fi Direct. Carga de batería Almacenamiento masivo On-The-Go. Sincronización con la computadora OTA sync Anclaje a red (tethering). AAC (Advanced Audio Coding) AAC+ / aacPlus / HE-AAC v1 AMR / AMR-NB / GSM-AMR (Adaptive Multi-Rate, .amr, .3ga) AMR-WB (Adaptive Multi-Rate Wideband, .awb) eAAC+ / aacPlus v2 / HE-AAC v2 FLAC (Free Lossless Audio Codec, .flac) MIDI MP3 (MPEG-2 Audio Layer II, .mp3) OGG (.ogg, .ogv, .oga, .ogx, .spx, .opus) WMA (Windows Media Audio, .wma) WAV (Waveform Audio File Format, .wav, .wave). 3GPP (3rd Generation Partnership Project, .3gp) AVI (Audio Video Interleaved, .avi) DivX (.avi, .divx, .mkv) Flash Video (.flv, .f4v, .f4p, .f4a, .f4b) H.263 H.264 / MPEG-4 Part 10 / AVC video MKV (Matroska Multimedia Container, .mkv .mk3d .mka .mks) MP4 (MPEG-4 Part 14, .mp4, .m4a, .m4p, .m4b, .m4r, .m4v) WebM Xvid. La información en este sitio web se proporciona "tal cual como base disponible", sin garantía de ningún tipo. DE CARACTERISTICAS no se hace responsable de las omisiones, imprecisiones u otros errores en la información que publica. Todas las garantías con respecto a esta información se renuncia. Está prohibida la reproducción de cualquier parte de esta página web en su totalidad o en parte o en cualquier forma o medio sin el consentimiento previo por escrito. Las marcas registradas, marcas y logotipos de los fabricantes de dispositivos, software, hardware, etc. son propiedad de sus respectivos dueños.. 
