more ... more .... more ... more .... MEMORY: 16 GB + MicroSD. Low pixel density screen (267 ppi). The BLU Studio J8 LTE comes with a 5.5-inch 720p display, 1.3 GHz quad-core chip, 2(1) GB of RAM, 16(8)GB of storage, 8-megapixel main camera and a 5-megapixel selfie unit on the front.. Dimensions: 6.13 x 3.06 x 0.35 inches (155.7 x 77.6 x 8.9 mm). Weight: 6.46 oz (183 g) the average is 5.6 oz (159 g). Resolution: 720 x 1280 pixels. Features: Ambient light sensor, Proximity sensor. Pixel density - The pixel density of a display represents the number of pixels over an area of one inch. It’s measured in “pixels per inch”, or ppi. The higher the number, the more detailed and good-looking the display is.. Technology - There are two main screen technologies currently used in phones and tablets: LCD and AMOLED. The former usually features a light source and liquid crystals, while the latter is based on organic light-emitting diodes. Newer LCD variations like IPS-LCD and Super-LCD allow for very accurate color reproduction and very wide viewing angles, where no significant image quality loss is observed. Current AMOLED screens differ in such a way that they can exhibit much more saturated colors (sometimes too much) and incredibly high contrast levels, which is due to black color being completely black in AMOLED displays.. Screen-to-body ratio - Shows what part of the frontal area of a phone its screen occupies.. Quad-core, 1300 MHz, ARM Cortex-A53, 64-bit, 28 nm. System chip - Most modern handsets use an advanced chip that includes many of the device’s hardware modules like the processor, Wi-Fi, Bluetooth and sometimes even the wireless radio. This field shows what particular system chip (or System-on-a-Chip) is used in the phone.. Processor - The processor is the main computing component of a phone and is a major factor when it comes to the overall speed of the device. Some more powerful smartphones use dual-core and quad-core processors designed to deliver greater performance.. Graphics processor - The graphics processor is important for the smooth operation of the system and especially in games and other applications that may involve complex graphics and animations.. System memory - System memory, or RAM memory is the type of memory that the device uses to temporarily store data from the OS or currently-running apps. The more RAM available to the device, the better the performance will be when multiple or heavier programs are running.. Built-in storage - Bigger storage capacity allows you to keep more content saved onto your device, such as more applications, photos or video. Games and video content typically take up the biggest amount of storage space.. Storage expansion - Some handsets allow you to expand their storage capacity by using a memory expansion card – most often microSD. Expansion memory is mostly suitable for media storage, such as photo, video or music content.. Capacity - The bigger, the better! However, battery capacity is not the only factor that has an effect on battery life. Those include the chipset in use, the software running on the device, as well as the consumer's unique usage pattern.. Multimedia Screen mirroring: Wireless screen share. Filter by: Album, Artist, Genre, Playlists. Features: Album art cover, Background playback. Cellular GSM: 850, 900, 1800, 1900 MHz. LTE (FDD): Bands 1, 2, 3, 4, 7, 12, 17, 28. Data: HSDPA+ (4G) 42.2 Mbit/s, HSPA, HSUPA. Other features: Voice dialing, Voice commands, Voice recording. Features: Mass storage device, USB charging. Other: VoIP, Tethering, Computer sync, OTA sync. Positioning - This field shows the positioning systems supported by the device. The most common types are GPS and A-GPS.. GPS - This is one of the most widespread global positioning technologies, developed and maintained by the U.S. It uses satellites in order to detect your location. A-GPS - A-GPS stands for Assisted GPS and is the industry standard for positioning and navigation. “Assisted” means that it can use local wireless networks, in addition to satellites, for quicker and more precise localization.. To see the full specifications with in-depth details click here.. We list only the specs that are different than the main variant. BLU Studio J8 LTE (1GB of RAM). System memory - System memory, or RAM memory is the type of memory that the device uses to temporarily store data from the OS or currently-running apps. The more RAM available to the device, the better the performance will be when multiple or heavier programs are running.. Built-in storage - Bigger storage capacity allows you to keep more content saved onto your device, such as more applications, photos or video. Games and video content typically take up the biggest amount of storage space.. Despite our efforts to provide full and correct BLU Studio J8 LTE specifications, there is always a possibility of making a mistake. If you see any wrong or incomplete data, please LET US KNOW .. If you are interested in using our specs commercially, check out our Phone specs database licensing page.. $100 Buy. Gear S4 may come with a blood pressure monitor, Samsung patent reveals. Google Pay launches today, but its most important feature is not here yet. Galaxy S9 and S9+ previewed in glorious detail with full specs and release date. Galaxy S9 and S9+ price and release date on Verizon, AT&T, T-Mobile and Best Buy. The Samsung Galaxy S9 and S9+ have game-changing cameras with variable aperture and 960fps slow-mo video recording. The Big Barcelona Camera Comparison: iPhone X vs Pixel 2 XL vs Note 8. Samsung Galaxy S9 and S9+ rumor review: Specs, design, features, price and release date. Sony presents Xperia XZ2 and XZ2 Compact: new design and Snapdragon 845. Galaxy S9 Exynos edition gets benchmarked against rivals!. Galaxy S9 first camera comparison vs iPhone X, V30, S8. Samsung Galaxy S9 & S9+ hands-on. MWC 2018: top smartphones to expect. Best smartphone you can buy in 2018. Allo is a quality app, but Google isn't giving it a real chance. All content (phone reviews, news, specs, info), design and layouts are Copyright 2001-2018 phoneArena.com. Reproduction in whole or in part or in any form or medium without written permission is prohibited! Privacy. 
You don't have permission to access /specifications/blu-studio-j8-lte/. 
OPPO Claim Centers in Pakistan – OFFICIAL. Sony Xperia Official Stores in Pakistan. Sony to launch Xperia XA2, XA2 Ultra, and Xperia L2 in Pakistan. Huawei Honor 9 Lite Review, Features, Price & Specs. Huawei Honor 5C Pro Review, Price, Specs & Features. OPPO Claim Centers in Pakistan – OFFICIAL. Sony Xperia Official Stores in Pakistan. Sony to launch Xperia XA2, XA2 Ultra, and Xperia L2 in Pakistan. Huawei Honor 9 Lite Review, Features, Price & Specs. Huawei Honor 5C Pro Review, Price, Specs & Features. Mobiles / BLU Studio J8 LTE. CPU : Quad-core 1.3 GHz. OS : Android 7.0 (Nougat). BLU Studio J8 LTE - Price and Specification. BLU Studio J8 LTE, Stodio J8 4G. Design Type called form factor refers to a mobile phone's size, shape, and style as well as the layout and position of major components of phone. There are three major form factors seen in mobile phones => bar phones, folding phones and sliding phones. 155.7 x 77.6 x 8.9 mm. SIM (Subscriber Identity Module) is a small card that contains mobile network subscriber's account information. This allows the phone using the card to attach to a mobile network. The SIM card is most commonly associated with GSM and UMTS mobile networks. Moving a SIM card from one phone to another allows a subscriber to switch mobile phones without having to contact their mobile network carrier. SIM cards can also be used by a phone to store limited amounts of data, such as phone numbers and text messages. Yes, GSM 850 / 900 / 1800 / 1900. Yes, HSDPA 850 / 900 / 1900 / 2100. Display Technology => A number of display technologies and types used in mobile phones => TFT (Thin Film Transistor), IPS (In-Place Switching), OLED (Organic Light Emitting Diode), AMOLED (Active-Matrix Organic Light-Emitting Diode), Super AMOLED (an even advanced version of AMOLED), Resistive Touchscreen (Resistive touchscreens contain two layer of conductive material with a very small gap between them which acts as a resistance), Capacitive Touchsceen (Capacitive touchscreen technology consists of a layer of glass coated with a transparent conductor). Display Colors is refers to the number of different shades of colors that the screen is capable of displaying => 64K colors, 256K colors and 16 million colors, Obviously 16M is highest available range of colors and better than others. Pixel Density (PPI) is refers to the concentration of pixels on a particular display, measured in pixels per inch (ppi). Pixel density is calculated by dividing the diagonal pixel resolution of a display by its diagonal size, higher pixel density better display quality. Display Protection => Gorilla Glass is a special alkali-aluminosilicate glass shield with exceptional damage resistance that helps protect mobile displays from scratches, drops, and bumps of everyday use, It is always better to go for a smartphone with Gorilla Glass for that added protection and peace of mind.. Camera is able to capture photographs and usually videos, The most important characteristics of a camera are the resolution (measured in megapixels), lens focus type (fixed or automatic), higher megapixel cameras are known to capture higher quality photos, but not always a good measurement of the photos quality. Flash Light => There is commonly two types of flash lights are used in camera mobile phones, LED Flash (LED flash offers lower power consumption with drive circuitry that takes up very little room, LEDs can be strobed faster than any other light source), Xenon Flash (xenon flash produces an extremely intense full-spectrum white light for a very short duration). OS => Every computer system run on a base software called Operating System (OS). Operating System controls all basic operations of the computer (such as smartphone, PDAs, tablet computers and other handheld devices). The Operating System allows the user to install and run third party applications (apps), apps are used to add new functionality to the device. Java for Mobile Devices is a set of technologies that let developers deliver applications and services to all types of mobile handsets, ranging from price efficient feature-phones to the latest smartphones. Java is currently running on over 3 billion phones worldwide, and growing. It offers unrivaled potential for the distribution and monetization of mobile applications. Youtube is a popular free video-sharing website, Youtube is the largest video sharing site in the world, Millions of users around the world have created accounts on the site that allow them to upload videos that anyone can watch. Facebook is a popular free social networking website that allows registered users to create profiles, upload photos and video, send messages and keep in touch with friends, family and colleagues. The site is available in 37 different languages.. Chipset is a group of integrated circuits designed to perform one or a more dedicated functions, often with real time computing constraints, Popular smartphones are equipped with more advanced embedded chipsets that can do many different tasks depending on their programming. CPU (Central Processing Unit) mostly known as processors, CPU processes instructions in order to carry out certain functions that make your device operate properly. Processors are often described as the brain of computers, smartphones and tablets, Smartphones and tablets rely on processors to carry out their every task, Processors are an incredibly important factor in selecting any type of computing device, including your smartphone. GPU (Graphics Processing Unit) is a single-chip processor designed to rapidly manipulate and alter memory to accelerate the creation of images in a frame buffer intended for output to a display, This includes things such as lighting effects, object transformations, and 3D motion. RAM (Random Access Memory) is a type of computer memory that can be accessed randomly, any byte of memory can be accessed without touching the preceding bytes that allows information to be stored and accessed quickly from random locations. RAM is the most common type of memory found in computer systems, smartphones, tablets and other electronic devices. Internal Storage is a data storage space (flash memory) mostly used in smartphones, tablets and other electronic devices where operating system, apps, music, photos, videos, files and other user data Is stored. Memory Card Slot is a special slot for inserting a memory card. Memory cards allow you to expand the phone's built-in memory, A memory card (sometimes called a flash memory card or a storage card) is a small storage medium used to store data such as text, pictures, audio, and video, for use on small, portable or remote computing devices such as mobile phones, mp3 players, digital cameras. Sensors are electronic components that detects and responds to some type of input from the physical environment. The specific input could be light, heat, motion, moisture, pressure and location, The output is generally a signal that is converted to use in computing systems, a location sensor, such as a GPS receiver is able to detect current location of your electronic device.. Bluetooth is a wireless communications technology for exchanging data between mobile phones, headsets, computers and other network devices over short distances without wires, Bluetooth technology was primarily designed to support simple wireless networking of personal consumer devices. Infrared connectivity is an old wireless technology used to connect two electronic devices. It uses a beam of infrared light to transmit information and so requires direct line of sight and operates only at close range. Wi-Fi is a popular wireless networking technology using radio waves to provide high-speed network connections that allows devices to communicate without cords or cables, Wi-Fi is increasingly becoming the preferred mode of internet connectivity all over the world. GPS The Global Positioning System is a satellite-based radio navigation system, GPS permits users to determine their position, velocity and the time 24 hours a day, in all weather, anywhere in the world, In order to locate your position, your device or GPS receiver must have a clear view of the sky. NFC (Near field communication) is a set of standards for smartphones and similar devices to establish peer-to-peer radio communications with each other by touching them together or bringing them into proximity, usually no more than a few inches. HDMI (High-Definition Multimedia Interface) is a compact audio/video interface for transferring uncompressed video data and compressed or uncompressed digital audio data from a HDMI-compliant source device to a compatible computer monitor, video projector, digital television, or digital audio device. Wireless Charging (Inductive Charging) uses an electromagnetic field to transfer energy between two objects. This is usually done with a charging station. Energy is sent through an inductive coupling to an electrical device, which can then use that energy to charge batteries or run the device. GPRS (General Packet Radio Service) is a packet oriented mobile data service on the 2G and 3G cellular communication system's global system for mobile communications (GSM), Generally, GPRS is used for the purpose of wireless data transfer, such as sharing pictures and videos or browsing the Internet via a mobile phone connection. EDGE (Enhanced Data GSM Environment) is a wireless network technology generally considered the next step in the 2G network offers data transfer rates up to four times faster than ordinary GSM networks, Generally, EDGE is used for the purpose of wireless data transfer, such as sharing pictures and videos or browsing the Internet via a mobile phone connection. Web Browser => a web browser is a software application used to locate, retrieve and display content on the World Wide Web, including Web pages, images, video and other files, The primary function of a web browser is to render HTML, the code used to design or markup webpages.. HSPA 42.2/11.5 Mbps, LTE Cat4 150/50 Mbps. SMS (Short Messaging Service) is a text messaging service component of phone, Web, or mobile communication systems. It uses standardized communications protocols to allow mobile phone devices to exchange short text messages over the networks. MMS (Multimedia Messaging Service) is a standard way to send messages that include multimedia content (audio clips, video clips and images) to and from mobile phones over wireless networks using the WAP protocol. Email (Electronic Mail) is a system for receiving, sending, and storing electronic messages, Similar to a letter, email is text messages that may contain files, images, or other attachments sent via the internet to a recipient by using applications and software prograps. An email address is required to receive email, and that address is unique to the user. IM (Instant Messaging) is an exchange of text messages through a software application, it enable you to create a kind of private chat room with another individual in order to communicate in real time over the Internet.. Battery Type => Cell phones run on various kinds of batteries depending on the manufacturer, phone size or shape and features. There are basically four types of cell phone batteries => Lithium Polymer, Lithium Ion, Nickel Metal Hydride and Nickel Cadmium. Battery Capacity is a measure (typically in Amp-hr) of the charge stored by the battery, and is determined by the mass of active material contained in the battery. The battery capacity represents the maximum amount of energy that can be extracted from the battery under certain conditions. The overall rating is based on the review by our experts.. BLU Studio J8 LTE - Reviews. Be the first to add a Review. What do you feel about Design and build quality of this device?. Screen size, image quality (brightness, colors, contrast, etc), visibility in sun light, angles of view and touchscreen. Usability of Camera interface, image and video quality in different light conditions and environment. Music and video players, playback quality, speaker sound and handsfree options. What do you feel about the features of this device, is these enough for you in everyday life?. Bluetooth, Wi-fi connectivity, data trnasfer speed, internet browsing and interfaces. When you call someone, what is the voice quality you hear or vice versa, is speakerphone working good during calls. What do you feel about usability and speed of UI (user interface), messaging, calling, contacts management, call history, notifications and internet browsing?. Is this device perform good while watching videos, playing games, taking snapshots, browsing internet and navigate through other applications?. What about battery life, while calling, listening music, watching videos, playing games and doing other tasks. 6 / 10 based on your selection. Please post a user review only if you have / had this product.. We provide you with the latest news, reviews, comparison, price and videos straight from the mobile world.. OPPO Claim Centers in Pakistan – OFFICIAL. Sony Xperia Official Stores in Pakistan. Sony to launch Xperia XA2, XA2 Ultra, and Xperia L2 in.... POPULAR CATEGORY News 313 Local 276 Global 235 Trending 223 Social 46 Reviews 8. OPPO Claim Centers in Pakistan – OFFICIAL. 
Home All Brands Top 10 Mobile Phones Latest News Latest Mobiles Phones Upcoming Mobiles Phones Model Finder Technology Blog. BLU Studio J8 LTE Full Specifications. BLU Studio J8 LTE (Full Device Specifications) Also Known as BLU Studio J8 4G.. » Specifications » 360° View » Pictures » Photo Quality. BLU Studio J8 LTE Officially Announced :. Black , Gold , Silver , Rose Gold Price : --- 10 out of 10. : ( 70 Ratings). BLU Studio J8 LTE Release August 2017, weight 183g, 5.5” IPS LCD Capacitive TouchScreen , 8.0 MP Camera, Bluetooth 4.0,Wi-Fi Price in February 2018. GSM 850 , GSM 900 , GSM 1800 , GSM 1900 GSM 3G Bands :. HSDPA 850 , HSDPA 900 , HSDPA 1700 , HSDPA 1900 , HSDPA 2100 GSM 4G Bands :. LTE 700 , LTE 2100 , LTE 1800 , LTE 1700 , LTE 1900 Operating System :. Quad Core Processor Processor Speed :. 8 GB , 16 GB RAM Size :. 1 GB , 2 GB Memory Card Slot :. 155 x 77 x 10 mm , Exactly 155.7 x 77.6 x 8.9 mm Slim/Thin :. 8 mm , (8.9 mm Thin) Weight :. Accelerometer , Ambient Light , Proximity Sensor , Fingerprint Dedicated Keys :. Volume , Power , Fingerprint Key Device Security :. Device Password Lock , Device Pattern Lock , Slide Lock , Fingerprint Unlock. IPS LCD Capacitive TouchScreen Screen Protection :. Scratch Resistant , 2.5D Curved Glass Display Colors :. 16M Colors Pixel density range :. 201 to 275 ppi , (~267 ppi Pixel Density) Screen Resolution :. 720 x 1280 pixels (HD) Display Size :. 5.5 Inch Screen To Body Ratio :. 61 to 70 Percent , (~69% screen-to-body-ratio) Multi Touch Support :. Yes Ringtone or Alert Type :. Vibration , MP3 ringtones , WAV. 8.0 MP , 3264 x 2448 Pixels Camera Flash LED :. 5.0 MP Front Camera Flash :. Yes , (Single LED Flash) Geo-Tagging :. With 1080p 3G or Video Call :. With Wireless Connection Video Quality :. Autofocus , Touch focus , Face Detection , Smile detection , HDR , Face Beauty , Gesture Shot , Low Light Mode. WAV , AAC , AMR , MP3 , WMA , MIDI , FLAC , OGG Video Format :. 3GP , MP4 , FLV , WMV , AVI , DivX , MKV , H.264 , H.263 3.5mm Headphone Jack :. HSDPA 21 Mbps , HSPA plus Browser Name :. Google Chrome Browser WiFi Support :. Wi-Fi 802.11 b/g/n , WiFi Direct Hot Spot :. microUSB 2.0 NFC (Near Field Communication) :. Calculator , Notes , To-do list , Blu Help, Google Apps, VAS Apps. SMS , MMS , Email , Push Mail , IM , Hangouts GPS Tracking :. Li-Ion 2500 mAh Quick Charge :. 220 Hrs , (Unofficial) Talk Time :. 6 Hrs , (Unofficial) Music Playback :. Up to 12 Hrs Video Playback :. Dual Sim(Dual Standby) Aluminum Metal Body Design Sandstone Pattern Finish Back Carriers Network Support Multi-Window Mode Social Networking Services & Apps Rounded Edges. BLU Studio J8 LTE Handset Battery 2500 mAh Charger Micro USB Data Cable 3.5mm Headset Quick User Guide Screen Protector Silicon Case. » Full Specifications » User Opinions & Review » Compare » Pictures » 360° View » Related Phones » Review » Related News » User Manual » Photo Quality » Video Quality Tweet Popularity and Rating Rate this Mobile Phone Design. 0 1 2 3 4 5 Features. 0 1 2 3 4 5 Performance. 0 1 2 3 4 5. Categories » 4G VoLTE Mobiles » Apple iOS Mobiles » Android 4G » Dual Camera Phone » Dual Sim Mobiles » Android Smartphone » Dual OS Smartphone » Android Dual Sim » Android One » Android CDMA » Tablet » Android Tablet » Windows 4G » Windows Mobiles » Windows Tablet » Smartphone » CDMA Phone » GSM & CDMA Phone » Dual OS Tablets » Dual SIM Qwerty » Ubuntu Tablet » Ubuntu Mobiles » Basic Dual Sim » Basic Phone » Qwerty Phones » Touch & Type » Triple Sim Mobile » Slide phones » Android Camera Top Brands » Samsung » Apple » Nokia » Google » Lenovo » Motorola » BlackBerry » Huawei » HTC » Alcatel » OnePlus » LG » Asus » Xiaomi » ZTE » Micromax » Oppo » Karbonn » Vivo » Acer » Intex » BLU » Gionee » Vodafone » Lava » All Brands. LG V30S+ ThinQ LG V30S ThinQ ZTE Blade V9 Vita Nokia 7 Plus Nokia 8 Sirocco Nokia 1 Samsung Galaxy S9+ SM-G965 Samsung Galaxy S9 SM-G960. LG V30S+ ThinQ LG V30S ThinQ ZTE Blade V9 Vita Nokia 7 Plus. BLU Studio J8 LTE Announced February 2018, weight 158g, 6” OLED Capacitive Touch Screen, 16 MP Camera, Bluetooth 5.0,Wi-Fi Price in February 2018 View Full Specifications | Unboxing Pictures | Manual Download | 360 View. BLU Studio J8 LTE Announced February 2018, weight 158g, 6” OLED Capacitive Touch Screen, 16 MP Camera, Bluetooth 5.0,Wi-Fi Price in February 2018 View Full Specifications | Unboxing Pictures | Manual Download | 360 View. BLU Studio J8 LTE Announced February 2018, weight 145g, 5.45” IPS LCD Capacitive TouchScreen, 13 MP Camera, Bluetooth 4.1,Wi-Fi Price in February 2018 View Full Specifications | Unboxing Pictures | Manual Download | 360 View. BLU Studio J8 LTE Announced February 2018, weight 155g, 6” IPS LCD Capacitive TouchScreen, 12 MP Camera, Bluetooth 5.0,Wi-Fi Price in February 2018 View Full Specifications | Unboxing Pictures | Manual Download | 360 View. Home | Privacy Policy. 
Hi ( Sign in to bid or buy) Daily Deals Gift Cards Help & Contact Sell. Summary Recently Viewed Bids/Offers Watch List Purchase History Selling Saved Searches Saved Sellers Messages. People who viewed this item also viewed. BLU Studio J8 LTE S0351WW 16GB Unlocked GSM Dual-SIM Phone w/ 8MP Camera - Black. BLU Studio J8 S650P 3G 8GB Unlocked GSM Dual-SIM Phone w/ 8MP Camera. BLU Studio J8 S650P 3G 8GB Unlocked GSM Dual-SIM Phone w/ 8MP Camera. BLU Studio Selfie LTE Unlocked Cell Phone 4G LTE Android Dual SIM Smartphone. XGODY 5.5" Unlocked 4G Mobile Cell Phone Dual Sim Quad Core Android Smartphone. BLU Studio J8 LTE Android Cell Phone Unlocked Dual SIM GSM Smartphone. Photos not available for this variation. Mouse over to Zoom - Click to enlarge. Upgrading? Sell it, don't trade it. BLU Studio J8 LTE Android Cell Phone Unlocked Dual SIM GSM Smartphone. Share on Facebook - opens in a new window or tab. Share on Twitter - opens in a new window or tab. Share on Pinterest - opens in a new window or tab. Ships in a business day with tracking. - opens in a new window or tab Learn more. tojo0308 has no other items for sale.. Please enter a quantity of $qty_dummy$ or less. Please enter a quantity of 1. Purchases are limited to $qty_dummy$ per buyer. Please enter quantity of 1 or more. Choose quantity that is less than $qty_dummy1$ or equal to $qty_dummy$. You can only choose quantity that is equal to $qty_dummy$. May not ship to Singapore. Read item description or contact seller for shipping options. help icon for Shipping - opens a layer. This amount includes applicable customs duties, taxes, brokerage and other fees. This amount is subject to change until you make payment. For additional information, see the Global Shipping Program terms and conditions - opens in a new window or tab. This amount includes applicable customs duties, taxes, brokerage and other fees. This amount is subject to change until you make payment. If you reside in an EU member state besides UK, import VAT on this purchase is not recoverable. For additional information, see the Global Shipping Program terms and conditions - opens in a new window or tab. No additional import charges on delivery. 6 months to pay on $99+.. Apply Now - opens in a new window or tab. See terms - opens in a new window or tab. An error occurred, please try again.. Any international shipping is paid in part to Pitney Bowes Inc. Learn More - opens in a new window or tab. International shipping and import charges paid to Pitney Bowes Inc. Learn More - opens in a new window or tab. Any international shipping and import charges are paid in part to Pitney Bowes Inc. Learn More - opens in a new window or tab. International shipping paid to Pitney Bowes Inc. Learn More - opens in a new window or tab. Any international shipping is paid in part to Pitney Bowes Inc. Learn More - opens in a new window or tab. Covered by eBay Money Back Guarantee. See details - opens in a new window or tab. Get the item you ordered or get your money back. Covers your purchase price and original shipping.. Report item - opens in a new window or tab. Seller assumes all responsibility for this listing.. New: A brand-new, unused, unopened, undamaged item in its original packaging (where packaging is. Packaging should be the same as what is found in a retail store, unless the item is handmade or was packaged by the manufacturer in non-retail packaging, such as an unprinted box or plastic bag. See the seller's listing for full details. See all condition definitions - opens in a new window or tab. Seller assumes all responsibility for this listing.. The seller has not specified a shipping method to Singapore. Contact the seller - opens in a new window or tab and request shipping to your location.. Please enter a valid ZIP Code.. Item location: Miami, Florida, United States. No additional import charges at delivery!. This item will be shipped through the Global Shipping Program and includes international tracking. Learn more - opens in a new window or tab. Please enter a number less than or equal to 6.. Please enter a valid ZIP Code.. Please enter 5 or 9 numbers for the ZIP Code.. Will usually ship within 1 business day of receiving cleared payment - opens in a new window or tab .. Seller charges sales tax for items shipped to: FL (7.0%).. After receiving the item, contact seller within. Pay for your purchases when it's right for you. Choose PayPal Credit to pay all at once or enjoy the flexibility of paying over time with special financing offers.. For example, if your purchase qualifies, you could enjoy No Payments + No Interest if paid in full in 6 months on $99+.. Interest will be charged on your account from the posting date (which is usually within a few days after the purchase date) if the purchase balance is not paid in full within the promotional period. See terms - opens in a new window or tab. Other offers may be available from time to time.. The lender for PayPal Credit accounts is Comenity Capital Bank.. Immediate payment required for this item. Immediate payment of US $109.97 is required.. What’s the Difference Between iOS and Android? ,. How to Buy a Bar Phone on eBay ,. What's the Difference Between GSM and CDMA Cell Phones? ,. How to Choose a Touch Watch to Pair With Your Smartphone ,. How to Choose an Android Phone ,. How to Choose a Touch Watch to Pair With Your Android ,. Which Samsung Galaxy Phone Is Right for You? ,. How to Buy Prepaid Cell Phones on eBay ,. How to Activate a Verizon Phone. Elephone Android Dual SIM Cell Phones & Smartphones ,. Apple Android Dual SIM Cell Phones & Smartphones ,. Android Dual Core Unlocked Cell Phones & Smartphones ,. blu Android Dual SIM 8.0 - 11.9MP Cell Phones & Smartphones ,. blu Android Bar Quad Core Dual SIM Cell Phones & Smartphones ,. blu Dual SIM Prepaid Cell Phones & Smartphones. Site Map Copyright © 1995-2018 eBay Inc. Accessibility , User Agreement , Privacy , Cookies and AdChoice Norton Secured - powered by Verisign. 
Straight Talk Internet and MMS APN Settings for BLU Studio J8 LTE Straight Talk Internet and MMS settings Straight Talk further settings to try for BLU Studio J8 LTE BLU Studio J8 LTE compatibility with Straight Talk Compatibility disclaimer APN settings available for BLU Studio J8 LTE in United States BLU Studio J8 LTE Post Reply Internet and MMS settings for other phone models. Acer Alcatel Apple Asus BlackBerry BLU Coolpad CSL Dell Fujitsu Garmin GeeksPhone General Mobile Gigabyte Gionee Google Highscreen HKC HP HTC Huawei i-Mobile INQ Intex Kyocera Sanyo Lava Lenovo LG Meizu Micromax Microsoft Motorola myPhone NEC Nexian Nokia OnePlus Oppo Ouku Panasonic Pantech Qigi Samsung Sony Sony Ericsson Toshiba UMi Vivo Xiaomi XOLO YU ZTE. BLU Studio J8 LTE Straight Talk Internet and MMS. The APN settings for Straight Talk may vary with the host network (AT&T/T-Mobile). First try below settings and then try alternative Straight Talk configurations .To configure your BLU Studio J8 LTE to use Straight Talk Internet and MMS in United States follow below steps.. If these settings do not work, please try the below Straight Talk alternative APN configurations .. Go to Settings More / Mobile networks Access Point Names. Press ➕ on right top corner.. APN PPP phone number: Not set. Do not change the default values set by device for all blank fields above.. Not successful? Check APN settings configuration guide for United States. Leave feedback or ask a question.... Replace above values in your Studio J8 LTE with values in each setting below for Straight Talk alternative settings that could be compatible with your device.. ☄ Straight Talk APN settings alternation 1 for Studio J8 LTE - Straight Talk for AT&T APN type blank Authentication type None APN protocol IPv4. Show more alternative settings for Straight Talk.... BLU Studio J8 LTE is compatible with below network frequencies of Straight Talk .. 2G GSM 1900 MHz, 850 MHz* 3G HSDPA 850 MHz, 1700 MHz, 2100 MHz, 1900 MHz* 4G LTE ⚡ Band 12 700 MHz, Band 17 700 MHz, Band 4 1700/2100 MHz, Band 2 1900 MHz*. *These frequencies of Straight Talk may not have countrywide coverage for BLU Studio J8 LTE.. Explain BLU Studio J8 LTE compatibility with Straight Talk.... BLU Studio J8 LTE variants and supported network frequencies.... Straight Talk Internet and MMS settings for BLU Studio J8 LTE. AT&T Internet and MMS settings for BLU Studio J8 LTE. H2O Wireless Internet settings for BLU Studio J8 LTE. H2O Wireless MMS settings for BLU Studio J8 LTE. T-Mobile Internet and MMS settings for BLU Studio J8 LTE. MetroPCS Internet and MMS settings for BLU Studio J8 LTE. Consumer Cellular Internet settings for BLU Studio J8 LTE. Consumer Cellular MMS settings for BLU Studio J8 LTE. Viaero Internet settings for BLU Studio J8 LTE. Viaero MMS settings for BLU Studio J8 LTE. Cricket Internet and MMS settings for BLU Studio J8 LTE. iWireless Internet settings for BLU Studio J8 LTE. iWireless MMS settings for BLU Studio J8 LTE. LycaMobile Internet and MMS settings for BLU Studio J8 LTE. Union Wireless Internet settings for BLU Studio J8 LTE. Union Wireless MMS settings for BLU Studio J8 LTE. West Central Wireless Internet settings for BLU Studio J8 LTE. West Central Wireless MMS settings for BLU Studio J8 LTE. CTExcel Internet settings for BLU Studio J8 LTE. CTExcel MMS settings for BLU Studio J8 LTE. Verizon Internet and MMS settings for BLU Studio J8 LTE. TracFone Internet and MMS settings for BLU Studio J8 LTE. Simple Mobile Internet and MMS settings for BLU Studio J8 LTE. Project Fi Internet and MMS settings for BLU Studio J8 LTE. GCI Internet settings for BLU Studio J8 LTE. GCI MMS settings for BLU Studio J8 LTE. Net 10 Internet and MMS settings for BLU Studio J8 LTE. Ultra Mobile Internet and MMS settings for BLU Studio J8 LTE. Walmart Family Mobile Internet and MMS settings for BLU Studio J8 LTE. GoSmart Mobile Internet and MMS settings for BLU Studio J8 LTE. Centennial Wireless Internet settings for BLU Studio J8 LTE. Ting Internet and MMS settings for BLU Studio J8 LTE. US Mobile Internet and MMS settings for BLU Studio J8 LTE. ZIP SIM Internet and MMS settings for BLU Studio J8 LTE. AirVoice Internet and MMS settings for BLU Studio J8 LTE. Black Wireless Internet and MMS settings for BLU Studio J8 LTE. Red Pocket Mobile Internet and MMS settings for BLU Studio J8 LTE. Cingular Internet and MMS settings for BLU Studio J8 LTE. Tempo Telecom Internet and MMS settings for BLU Studio J8 LTE. UVA Mobile Internet and MMS settings for BLU Studio J8 LTE. Jolt Mobile Internet settings for BLU Studio J8 LTE. Boom Mobile Internet and MMS settings for BLU Studio J8 LTE. Telcel America Internet and MMS settings for BLU Studio J8 LTE. Pure Talk Internet and MMS settings for BLU Studio J8 LTE. Cincinnati Bell Internet settings for BLU Studio J8 LTE. easyGO Internet and MMS settings for BLU Studio J8 LTE. US Cellular Internet and MMS settings for BLU Studio J8 LTE. Defence Mobile Internet and MMS settings for BLU Studio J8 LTE. Zing PCS Internet and MMS settings for BLU Studio J8 LTE. Univision Mobile Internet and MMS settings for BLU Studio J8 LTE. Page Plus Cellular Internet and MMS settings for BLU Studio J8 LTE. good2GO Mobile Internet and MMS settings for BLU Studio J8 LTE. GoPhone Internet and MMS settings for BLU Studio J8 LTE. SpeedTalk Mobile Internet and MMS settings for BLU Studio J8 LTE. Pix Wireless Internet and MMS settings for BLU Studio J8 LTE. Cellular Abroad Internet settings for BLU Studio J8 LTE. Liberty Wireless Internet and MMS settings for BLU Studio J8 LTE. Total Wireless Internet and MMS settings for BLU Studio J8 LTE. C Spire Internet and MMS settings for BLU Studio J8 LTE. TPO Mobile Internet and MMS settings for BLU Studio J8 LTE. CREDO Mobile Internet and MMS settings for BLU Studio J8 LTE. ROK Mobile Internet and MMS settings for BLU Studio J8 LTE. Technologies supported 2G, 3G, 4G LTE Mobile data HSPA 42.2/11.5 Mbps, LTE Cat4 150/50 Mbps Browser HTML5 SIM Dual SIM (Nano-SIM/ Micro-SIM) WLAN Wi-Fi 802.11 b/g/n, Wi-Fi Direct, hotspot Bluetooth 4.1, A2DP, LE GPS A-GPS Operating System Android 7.0 (Nougat) Screen 16M colors - IPS LCD capacitive touchscreen (5.5 inches) 720x1280 Processor Quad-core 1.3 GHz Cortex-A53 RAM 1 GB Internal memory 8 GB Micro SD 64 GB Camera 8 MP Front camera 5 MP. See all specifications for BLU Studio J8 LTE. Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. BLU Studio J8 LTE is not your phone?. © 2013-2018 Gishan Networks This work is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivs 3.0 Unported License. Black Wireless Internet and MMS settings. Boom Mobile Internet and MMS settings. Boost Mobile Internet and MMS settings. C Spire Internet and MMS settings. Cingular Internet and MMS settings. CREDO Mobile Internet and MMS settings. Defence Mobile Internet and MMS settings. good2GO Mobile Internet and MMS settings. GoSmart Mobile Internet and MMS settings. Liberty Wireless Internet and MMS settings. Net 10 Internet and MMS settings. Page Plus Cellular Internet and MMS settings. Pix Wireless Internet and MMS settings. Project Fi Internet and MMS settings. Pure Talk Internet and MMS settings. Red Pocket Mobile Internet and MMS settings. RingPlus Mobile Internet and MMS settings. ROK Mobile Internet and MMS settings. Simple Mobile Internet and MMS settings. SpeedTalk Mobile Internet and MMS settings. Straight Talk Internet and MMS settings. Telcel America Internet and MMS settings. Tempo Telecom Internet and MMS settings. Total Wireless Internet and MMS settings. TPO Mobile Internet and MMS settings. Ultra Mobile Internet and MMS settings. Univision Mobile Internet and MMS settings. US Cellular Internet and MMS settings. US Mobile Internet and MMS settings. UVA Mobile Internet and MMS settings. Virgin Mobile Internet and MMS settings. Walmart Family Mobile Internet and MMS settings. Zing PCS Internet and MMS settings. ZIP SIM Internet and MMS settings. 
Home › BLU › Studio J8 LTE BLU Studio J8 LTE - Specifications. Most recent comparisons including BLU Studio J8 LTE List of the latest comparisons made by the website visitors, which include BLU Studio J8 LTE Last viewed devices List of mobile devices, whose specifications have been recently viewed.. Width Height Thickness Weight Write a review. Specifications Display Camera CPU Battery SAR Prices 1. Dimensions : 77.6 x 155.7 x 8.9 mm Weight : 183 g SoC : MediaTek MT6737 CPU : ARM Cortex-A53, 1300 MHz, Cores : 4 GPU : ARM Mali-T720 MP1, 600 MHz, Cores : 1 RAM : 1 GB, 2 GB, 640 MHz Storage : 8 GB, 16 GB Memory cards : microSD, microSDHC, microSDXC Display : 5.5 in, IPS, 720 x 1280 pixels, 24 bit Battery : 2500 mAh, Li-Polymer OS : Android 7.0 Nougat Camera : 3264 x 2448 pixels, 1920 x 1080 pixels, 30 fps SIM card : Micro-SIM Wi-Fi : b, g, n, Wi-Fi Hotspot USB : 2.0, Micro USB Bluetooth : 4.0 Positioning : GPS, A-GPS. Brand and model Information about the brand, model and model alias (if any) of a specific device. Brand BLU Model Studio J8 LTE Design Information about the dimensions and weight of the device, shown in different measurement units. Width 77.6 mm (millimeters) 7.76 cm (centimeters) 0.25 ft (feet) 3.06 in (inches) Height 155.7 mm (millimeters) 15.57 cm (centimeters) 0.51 ft (feet) 6.13 in (inches) Thickness 8.9 mm (millimeters) 0.89 cm (centimeters) 0.03 ft (feet) 0.35 in (inches) Weight 183 g (grams) 0.4 lbs (pounds) 6.46 oz (ounces) Volume 107.53 cm³ (cubic centimeters) 6.53 in³ (cubic inches) Colors Gold Silver Rose-gold Black Body materials Aluminium alloy Plastic SIM card The Subscriber Identity Module (SIM) is used in mobile devices for storing data authenticating the subscribers of mobile services. SIM card type Micro-SIM (3FF - third form factor, since 2003, 15.00 x 12.00 x 0.76 mm) Number of SIM cards 2 Features Dual SIM stand-by (Both cards are active. When one is busy, the other is not active) Networks A mobile (cellular) network is a radio system, which allows a large number of mobile devices to communicate with each other. GSM GSM 850 MHz GSM 900 MHz GSM 1800 MHz GSM 1900 MHz UMTS UMTS 850 MHz UMTS 900 MHz UMTS 1700/2100 MHz UMTS 1900 MHz UMTS 2100 MHz LTE LTE 700 MHz Class 17 LTE 1700/2100 MHz LTE 1800 MHz LTE 1900 MHz LTE 2100 MHz LTE 2600 MHz LTE 700 MHz (B12) LTE 700 MHz (B28) Mobile network technologies and bandwidth Communication between devices within mobile networks is realized via various generations of network technologies, which provide different bandwidth. Mobile network technologies UMTS (384 kbit/s ) EDGE GPRS HSPA+ (HSUPA 5.76 Mbit/s , HSDPA 42 Mbit/s ) Operating system Operating system is the system software, which manages and controls the functioning of the hardware components of the device. Operating system (OS) Android 7.0 Nougat System on Chip (SoC) A system on a chip (SoC) includes into a single chip some of the main hardware components of the mobile device. SoC MediaTek MT6737 Process technology 28 nm (nanometers) CPU ARM Cortex-A53 CPU bits 64 bit Instruction set ARMv8-A Level 1 cache memory (L1) 32 KB + 32 KB (kilobytes) Level 2 cache memory (L2) 512 KB (kilobytes) 0.5 MB (megabytes) CPU cores 4 CPU frequency 1300 MHz (megahertz) GPU ARM Mali-T720 MP1 GPU cores 1 GPU frequency 600 MHz (megahertz) RAM capacity 1 GB (gigabytes) 2 GB (gigabytes) RAM type LPDDR3 RAM channels Single channel RAM frequency 640 MHz (megahertz) Storage Every mobile device has a built-in storage (internal memory) with a fixed capacity. Storage 8 GB (gigabytes) 16 GB (gigabytes) Memory cards Memory cards are used in mobile devices for expanding their external storage capacity. Types microSD microSDHC microSDXC Display The display of a mobile device is characterized by its technology, resolution, pixel density, diagonal length, color depth, etc. Type/technology IPS Diagonal size 5.5 in (inches) 139.7 mm (millimeters) 13.97 cm (centimeters) Width 2.7 in (inches) 68.49 mm (millimeters) 6.85 cm (centimeters) Height 4.79 in (inches) 121.76 mm (millimeters) 12.18 cm (centimeters) Aspect ratio 1.778:1 16:9 Resolution 720 x 1280 pixels Pixel density 267 ppi (pixels per inch) 104 ppcm (pixels per centimeter) Color depth 24 bit 16777216 colors Display area 69.24 % (percent) Other features Capacitive Multi-touch 2.5D curved glass screen Sensors Different sensors measure different physical quantities and convert them into signals recognizable by the mobile device. Sensors Proximity Light Accelerometer Fingerprint Primary camera The primary camera of the mobile device is usually placed at its back and is used for taking photos and recording videos. Sensor type CMOS (complementary metal-oxide semiconductor) Aperture f/2.0 Flash type LED Image resolution 3264 x 2448 pixels 7.99 MP (megapixels) Video resolution 1920 x 1080 pixels 2.07 MP (megapixels) Video FPS 30 fps (frames per second) Features Autofocus Continuous shooting Digital zoom Geotagging Panorama HDR Touch focus Face detection White balance settings ISO settings Exposure compensation Self-timer Scene mode Secondary camera Secondary cameras are placed above the screen of the device and are usually used for video calls, gesture recognition, etc. Flash type LED Image resolution 2560 x 1920 pixels 4.92 MP (megapixels) Video resolution 640 x 480 pixels 0.31 MP (megapixels) Video FPS 30 fps (frames per second) Audio Information about the type of speakers and the audio technologies supported by the device. Speaker Loudspeaker Earpiece Radio The radio in a mobile device is a built-in FM radio receiver. Radio Yes Tracking/Positioning Information about the positioning and navigation technologies supported by the device. Tracking/Positioning GPS A-GPS Wi-Fi Wi-Fi is a technology that provides wireless data connections between various devices within a short range. Wi-Fi 802.11b (IEEE 802.11b-1999) 802.11g (IEEE 802.11g-2003) 802.11n (IEEE 802.11n-2009) Wi-Fi Hotspot Bluetooth Bluetooth is a standard for secure wireless data transfer between different types of devices over short distances. Version 4.0 Features A2DP (Advanced Audio Distribution Profile) USB The Universal Serial Bus (USB) is an industry standard that allows different electronic devices to exchange data. Connector type Micro USB Version 2.0 Features Charging Mass storage Headphone jack The headphone jack is an audio phone connector, a.k.a. The most widely used one in mobile devices is the 3.5 mm headphone jack. Headphone jack Yes Connectivity Information about other important connectivity technologies supported by the devices. Connectivity Computer sync OTA sync Tethering Browser A web browser is a software application for accessing, fetching, displaying and navigating through information on the World Wide Web. Browser HTML HTML5 CSS 3 Audio file formats/codecs Mobile devices support various audio file formats and codecs, which respectively store and code/decode digital audio data. Audio file formats/codecs AAC (Advanced Audio Coding) AMR / AMR-NB / GSM-AMR (Adaptive Multi-Rate, .amr, .3ga) eAAC+ / aacPlus v2 / HE-AAC v2 FLAC (Free Lossless Audio Codec, .flac) MIDI MP3 (MPEG-2 Audio Layer II, .mp3) OGG (.ogg, .ogv, .oga, .ogx, .spx, .opus) WMA (Windows Media Audio, .wma) WAV (Waveform Audio File Format, .wav, .wave) Video file formats/codecs Mobile devices support various video file formats and codecs, which respectively store and code/decode digital video data. Video file formats/codecs 3GPP (3rd Generation Partnership Project, .3gp) AVI (Audio Video Interleaved, .avi) H.263 H.264 / MPEG-4 Part 10 / AVC video MP4 (MPEG-4 Part 14, .mp4, .m4a, .m4p, .m4b, .m4r, .m4v) Xvid Battery The batteries of mobile devices differ in capacity and technology. They provide the electrical charge needed for the functioning of the devices. Capacity 2500 mAh (milliampere-hours) Type Li-Polymer Charger output power 5 V (volts) / 1 A (amps) Features Non-removable Specific Absorption Rate (SAR) The SAR rating shows the amount of electromagnetic radiation absorbed by the human body when using a mobile device, expressed in W/kg. Head SAR (USA) 0.49 W/kg (watts per kilogram) Body SAR (USA) 0.6 W/kg (watts per kilogram). Brand name of the company that manufactures the device.. the horizontal side of the device when it is used in its standard orientation.. the vertical side of the device when it is used in its standard orientation.. Information about the thickness/depth of the device in different measurement units.. Information about the weight of the device in different measurement units.. Estimated volume of the device, calculated from the dimensions provided by the manufacturer. Applies for devices in the form of a rectangular parallelepiped.. Information about the colors, in which the device is available in the market.. Materials used in the fabrication of the device's body.. Information about the type and size (form factor) of the SIM card used in the device.. Information about the number of SIM cards, supported by the device.. Information about some specific features related to the SIM card(s) of the device.. GSM (Global System for Mobile Communications) was developed to replace the analog cellular network (1G), therefore it is referred to as a 2G mobile network. It has been improved with the addition of General Packet Radio Services (GPRS) and later via the Enhanced Data rates for GSM Evolution (EDGE) technology.. UMTS stands for Universal Mobile Telecommunications System. Based on the GSM standard, it is deemed as a 3G mobile network standard. It has been developed by the 3GPP and its major advantage is the provision of greater bandwidth and spectral efficiency, due to the W-CDMA technology.. LTE is deemed to be the fourth generation (4G) of mobile communications technology. It has been developed by the 3GPP based on the GSM/EDGE and UMTS/HSPA technologies in order to increase the speed and capacity of wireless data networks. A further development of the technology is called LTE Advanced.. There are several network technologies that enhance the performance of mobile networks mainly by increased data bandwidth. Information about the communication technologies supported by the device and their respective uplink and downlink bandwidth.. Information about the operating system used by the device as well as its version.. The SoC integrates different hardware components such as the CPU, GPU, memory, peripherals, interfaces, etc., as well as software for their functioning.. Information about the process technology used in manufacturing the chip. The value in nanometers represents half the distance between elements that make up the CPU.. CPU is the Central Processing Unit or the processor of a mobile device. Its main function is to interpret and execute instructions contained in software applications.. The CPU bits are determined by the bit-size of the processor registers, address buses and data buses. 64-bit CPUs provide better performance than 32-bit ones, which on their part perform better than 16-bit processors.. The instruction set architecture (ISA) is a set of commands used by the software to manage the CPU's work. Information about the set of instructions the processor can execute.. The cache memory is used by the processor in order to shorten the time needed to access data and instructions that a frequently used. The L1 (level 1) cache memory has a small volume, but operates faster than the RAM and the rest cache memory levels. If the processor does not find the data needed in L1, it continues to look for it in the L2 cache memory. In some processors the search in L1 and L2 is simultaneous.. The L2 (level 2) cache memory is slower than L1, but has a larger capacity, instead, which allows it to cache more data. Just like L1, it is much faster than the system memory (RAM). If the CPU does not find the data needed in L2, it proceeds to look for them in the L3 cache memory (if there is such) or in the RAM.. A CPU core is the processor unit, which executes software instructions. Presently, besides single-core processors, there are dual-core, quad-core, hexa-core and so on multi-core processors. They increase the performance of the device allowing the execution of multiple instructions in parallel.. The frequency of the processor describes its clock rate in cycles per second. It is measured in Megahertz (MHz) or Gigahertz (GHz).. GPU is a graphical processing unit, which handles computation for 2D/3D graphics applications. In mobile devices GPU is usually utilized by games, UI, video playback, etc. GPU can also perform computation in applications traditionally handled by the CPU.. Similar to the CPU, the GPU consists of processing units called cores. They handle the computation of graphics in various applications.. The frequency is the clock rate of the graphic processor (GPU), which is measured in Megahertz (MHz) or Gigahertz (GHz).. RAM (Random-Access Memory) is used by the operating system and all installed applications. Data in the RAM is lost after the device is turned off or restarted.. Information about the type of RAM used by the device.. Information about the number of RAM channels integrated in the SoC. More channels mean higher data transfer rates.. RAM frequency relates directly to the rate of reading/writing from/in the RAM memory.. Information about the capacity of the built-in storage of the device. Sometimes one and the same model may is offered in variants with different internal storage capacity.. The various types of memory cards are characterized by different sizes and capacity. Information about the supported types of memory cards.. One of the main characteristics of the display is its type/technology, on which depends its performance.. In mobile devices display size is represented by the length of its diagonal measured in inches.. The ratio between the long and the short side of the display. The display resolution shows the number of pixels on the horizontal and vertical side of the screen. The higher the resolution is, the greater the detail of the displayed content.. Information about the number of pixels per centimeter (ppcm) or per inch (ppi) of the display. The higher the pixel density, the more detailed and clearer is the information displayed on the screen.. The color depth of the display is also known as bit depth. It shows the number of bits used for the color components of one pixel. Information about the maximum number of colors the screen can display.. The estimated percentage of the screen area from the device's front area.. Information about other functions and features of the display.. Sensors vary in type and purpose. They increase the overall functionality of the device, in which they are integrated.. Digital cameras use image sensors for taking photos. The sensor characteristics are some of the main factors determining the quality of the camera integrated in the mobile device.. Aperture (f-stop number) indicates the size of the lens diaphragm opening, which controls the amount of light reaching the image sensor. The lower the f-stop number, the larger the diaphragm opening is.. Cameras of mobile devices use mainly a LED or a Xenon flash. The LED flash has a softer burst of light and in contrast to the much brighter Xenon flash, is used for recording videos as well.. One of the main characteristics of the cameras of mobile devices is their resolution, which shows the number of pixels on the horizontal and vertical dimensions of the image.. Information about the maximum resolution available for shooting a video with the device.. Information about the maximum number of frames per second (fps), supported by the device while recording a video at maximum resolution. Some of the main standard frame rates for recording and playing video are 24p, 25p, 30p, 60p.. Information about additional software and hardware features of the privamery camera, which improve its overall performance.. Cameras of mobile devices use mainly a LED or a Xenon flash. The LED flash has a softer burst of light and in contrast to the much brighter Xenon flash, is used for recording videos as well.. Information about the maximum image resolution of the secondary camera. Often, the resolution of the secondary camera is lower than the one of the primary camera.. Information about the maximum resolution available for shooting a video by the secondary camera.. Information about the maximum number of frames per second (fps), supported by the secondary camera while recording a video at maximum resolution.. The loudspeaker is a device, which reproduces various sounds such as ring tones, alarms, music, voice calls, etc. Information about the type of speakers the device uses.. Information whether the device has an FM radio receiver or not.. The tracking/positioning service is provided by various satellite navigation systems, which track the autonomous geo-spatial positioning of the device that supports them. The most common satellite navigation systems are the GPS and the GLONASS. There are also non-satellite technologies for locating mobile devices such as the Enhanced Observed Time Difference, Enhanced 911, GSM Cell ID.. Wi-Fi communication between devices is realized via the IEEE 802.11 standards. Some devices have the possibility to serve as Wi-Fi Hotspots by providing internet access for other nearby devices. Wi-Fi Direct (Wi-Fi P2P) is another useful standard that allows devices to communicate with each other without the need for wireless access point (WAP).. The technology has several versions, which improve the connection speed, range, connectivity and discoverability of the devices. Information about the Bluetooth version of the device.. Bluetooth uses various profiles and protocols related to faster exchange of data, energy saving, better device discoverability, etc. Some of those supported by the device are listed here.. There are several USB connector types: the Standard one, the Mini and Micro connectors, On-The-Go connectors, etc. Type of the USB connector used by the device.. There are several versions of the Universal Serial Bus (USB) standard: USB 1.0 (1996), the USB 2.0 (2000), the USB 3.0 (2008), etc. With each following version the rate of data transfer is increased.. Тhe USB interface in mobile devices may be used for different purposes such as battery charging, using the device as a mass storage, host, etc.. Information whether the device is equipped with a 3.5 mm audio jack.. Information about some of the most widely used connectivity technologies supported by the device.. Information about some of the features and standards supported by the browser of the device.. List of some of the most common audio file formats and codecs supported standardly by the device.. List of some of the most common video file formats and codecs supported standardly by the device.. The capacity of a battery shows the maximum charge, which it can store, measured in mili-Ampere hours.. The battery type is determined by its structure and more specifically, by the chemicals used in it. There are different battery types and some of the most commonly used in mobile devices are the lithium-ion (Li-Ion) and the lithium-ion polymer battery (Li-Polymer).. Information about the electric current (amperes) and voltage (volts) the charger outputs. The higher power output allows faster charging.. Information about some additional features of the device's battery.. This SAR rating shows the maximum level of exposure to electromagnetic radiation taken when the device is placed next to the ear. The applicable limit for the US is 1.6 W/kg per 1 g of tissue. In the US the FCC tests and sets the SAR limits for all mobile devices, which are controlled by the CTIA.. The SAR body rating shows the maximum level of exposure to electromagnetic radiation when the device is positioned against the body at the hip. The highest SAR value of mobile devices allowed in the US is set to 1.6 W/kg per 1 g of tissue. It is specified by the FCC and the CTIA follows whether the mobile devices comply with this standard.. Provide information about, which of the published data you want to be edited as well as a reliable source, which confirms the accuracy of the information you suggest *. Enter the characters from the image: *. Dimensions : 77.6 x 155.7 x 8.9 mm Weight : 183 g SoC : MediaTek MT6737 CPU : ARM Cortex-A53, 1300 MHz, Cores : 4 GPU : ARM Mali-T720 MP1, 600 MHz RAM : 1 GB, 2 GB, 640 MHz Storage : 8 GB, 16 GB Display : 5.5 in, IPS, 720 x 1280 pixels, 24 bit Battery : 2500 mAh, Li-Polymer OS : Android 7.0 Nougat Camera : 3264 x 2448 pixels, 1920 x 1080 pixels, 30 fps. The information on this website is provided on "as is, as available basis" without warranty of any kind. DeviceSpecifications is not responsible for any omissions, inaccuracies or other errors in the information it publishes. All warranties with respect to this information are disclaimed. Reproduction of any part of this website in its entirety or partially or in any form or medium without prior written permission is prohibited. The trademarks, marques and logos of the manufacturers of devices, software, hardware, etc. are the property of their respective owners.. 
The video you have requested is not available.. The next video is starting stop. Sign in to add this to Watch Later. 
Apple BlackBerry BLU Coolpad Gionee Google HTC Huawei Karbonn Lenovo LG Micromax Motorola Nokia OPPO Oneplus Samsung Sony Vivo Panasonic Xiaomi Xolo. APPLE COOLPAD GIONEE INTEX HTC LENOVO KARBON VIVO LEECO XOLO NOKIA LG ASUS BLACKBERRY SONY LAVA OPPO PANASONIC SAMSUNG XIAOMI HUAWEI GOOGLE ONEPLUS MOTOROLA MICROMAX BLU. If you liked this Product, then please subscribe to our site for Online Mobile Shopping. You can also find us on Facebook and Instagram .. Compare Vivo V7 vs Vivo V7 Plus February 25, 2018 Compare Oneplus 5T vs Apple iPhone X February 24, 2018 Compare Apple iPhone 8 Plus vs Samsung Galaxy S8 Plus February 24, 2018 Compare Xperia XA2 Ultra vs Xperia XA2 February 23, 2018 Compare Redmi Note 5 pro vs Redmi Note 5 February 17, 2018. Home » Products » Phones » BLU » BLU Studio J8 LTE. Related Mobile Phones BLU R2 Plus $ 105.00 Add to cart BLU C5 LTE $ 80.00 Add to cart BLU Grand 5.5 HD II $ 90.00 Add to cart BLU Life One X3 $ 215.00 Add to cart. BLU Studio J8 LTE Add to cart. 1 GB RAM 8 GB ROM 5.5-inch. OS 8 MP Rear Camera 5 MP Front Camera 1.3 GHz Processor 2500 mAh Battery. Description BLU Studio J8 LTE price and Specifications. BLU Studio J8 LTE Smartphone comes with 5.5- inch IPS LCD capacitive touchscreen display. It comes with 1 GB of RAM and the phone packs an 8 GB internal storage.. BLU Studio J8 LTE Features an 8 MP Primary camera and 5 MP front camera.. Model Name Studio J8 LTE Release date July 2017 Color Black, Rose Gold, Gold, Silver SIM Type Dual Touchscreen Yes Hybrid Sim Slot No OTG Compatible No Dimensions (mm) 155.7 x 77.6 x 8.9 weight (g) 183 Removable Battery No Battery Capacity 2500 mAh Battery. Display Size 5.5 inch Resolution 1280 x 720 pixels Resolution Type HD Display Type IPS LCD. Processor Type Mediatek MT6580 Processor core Quad- Core Processor Clock Speed 1.3 GHz Expandable Storage 64 GB Internal storage 8 GB RAM 1 GB Expandable storage type MicroSD. Rear camera 8 MP Flash Yes Front camera 5 MP. 4G/LTE Yes WI-Fi Yes Wi-Fi version 802.11b/g/n GPS Yes Bluetooth Yes Bluetooth Version 4.1 Audio Jack 3.5 mm Wi-Fi Hotspot Yes SIM Type Nano SIM & Micro SIM Infrared No NFC No. Fingerprint Yes Accelerometer Yes Proximity Yes Compass No Gyroscope No Barometer No. Price in India Expected Price: Rs.8,200 approx Price in USD Expected Price: $110 approx. Galaxy S9 Plus $ 1,150.00 Galaxy S9 $ 1,000.00 LG K8 (2018) $ 130.00 LG K10 Alpha (2018) $ 130.00 LG K10 Plus (2018) $ 180.00. Apple iPhone X Apple iPhone 8 Plus Vivo X20 Plus UD Galaxy A8 (2018). 
Shop by Compare Blog Deals Coupons. Mobile & Tablets Mobile Accessories Laptops & Peripherals TV & Entertainment Home And Kitchen Appliances Camera, DSLR & Accessories Automotive Books. Mobiles Samsung Mobiles Apple iPhones OnePlus Mobiles Xiaomi Mobiles. Phone Finder Upcoming Mobiles Top 10 Mobile Phones Selfie Mobiles. 6GB RAM Mobiles Dual Camera Mobiles 4G Mobiles Octa core Mobiles. Tablets Samsung Tabs Apple iPads Lenovo Tabs Micromax Tabs. Upcoming Tablets Android Tablets Latest Tablets Budget Tablets. Calling Facility Tablets Wifi Tablets 4G Tablets 7 Inch Tablets. Mobile Accessories Smartwatches Fitness Bands MicroSD Cards Power Banks VR Headsets Headphones And Headsets Headphones Bluetooth Headsets Wired Headsets. Car Mobile And Accessories Car Chargers Car Speakers GPS Navigation Devices Feature Samsung Memory Cards HP Memory Cards Syska Power Banks PNY Power Banks. Trending Sandisk Memory Cards Transcend Memory Cards Kingston Memory Cards Xiaomi Power Banks Ambrane Power Banks Intex Power Banks Behind the neck Headphones Wireless Headphones Clip on Headphones. Laptops Dell Laptops HP Laptops Lenovo Laptops Apple Laptops Asus Laptops All Laptops Desktop & Components CPU Desktops. Storage & Memory Pen Drives MicroSD Cards External Hard Disks Internal Hard Drives Printers & Inks Single Function Printers Multi-Function Printers Scanners Toners. Accessories Monitors Mouses Keyboards Headphones Computer Headsets Speakers Webcams Projectors Routers. By Brands Samsung Televisions LG Televisions Sony Televisions Videocon Televisions Vu Televisions Micromax Televisions Onida Televisions Panasonic Televisions All LED And LCD TVs. By Features 3D TVs Curved TVs Smart TVs 32 inch TVs 40 inch TVs 50 inch TVs 55 inch TVs LED TVs Full HD TVs. Music & Home Theaters DVD/Blueray Players MP3 Players Home Theaters Bluetooth Speakers Sony Home Theaters LG Home Theaters. Home Appliances Television Washing Machines Air Conditioners Geysers Vacuum Cleaners Air Coolers Fans Inverters/stabilizers. Kitchen Appliances Refrigerators Microwave Ovens Mixer/Grinder/Juicers Food Processors Electric Kettles Induction Cook Tops Sandwich Makers Popup Toasters Hand Blenders Electric Cookers. Small Home Appliances Irons Air Purifiers Emergency Lights Landline Phones UPS Sensor Security Sewing Machines. Cameras & DSLRs DSLR Cameras Point & Shoot Cameras Sports & Action Cameras Instant Camera Camcorders Canon DSLR Cameras Nikon DSLR Cameras Sony DSLR Cameras. Cameras By Brands Nikon Point & Shoot Cameras Canon Point & Shoot Cameras Sony Point & Shoot Cameras GoPro Sports & Action Cameras Fujifilm Instant Cameras Panasonic Camcorder. Camera Accessories Camera Lenses Camera Filters Camera Flashes Camera Lens Hoods Tripods Reflectors Camera Lens Caps Camera Flash Brackets Flash Shoe Adapters. Car Accessories Car SubWoofers Car FM Modulators Car Amplifiers Car Air Purifiers Car Body Covers Dent Removers Car Polishes Car Seat Covers Vehicle Antennas. Car Spare Parts Car Batteries Door Handles Gear Knobs Cabin Filters Fuel Filters Wheel Bearings Underseat Storages Engine Mounts Car Silencers. Bike Accessories Helmets Helmet Locks Two Wheeler Batteries Bike Foot Rests Handle Bars Bike Exhausts Bike Mirrors Clutch Levers Vehicle Horns. Books by Categories Academic Action & Adventure Biographies & True Accounts Business, Investing & Management Children's Books Comics & Manga Computing & Internet Crime, Thriller & Mystery Health & Personal Development Fantasy & Science Fiction. Books by Authors Books by Chetan Bhagat Books by Rashmi Bansal Books by J K Rowling Books by Dan Brown Books by Ruskin Bond Books by R S Aggarwal Books by Amish Tripathi Books by Shobaa De Books by Khushwant Singh Books by Paulo Coelho. Mobiles Tablets Laptops Smartwatches Fitness Bands DSLR Cameras Televisions Refrigerators Washing Mcns Air Conditioners Microwave Ovens. Specs Key Features Reviews Q & A's Local Dealers Compare. By Blu Mobiles | Market Status: Upcoming. Not available, Search on Flipkart.com. Not available, Search on Flipkart.com. Blu Studio J8 LTE runs on Android, Marshmallow 6.0. It has a 5 Inch Full HD display. The Phone is powered by a 1.3 GHz Quad Core Processor with 1 GB RAM. The device comes with a Front 2 MP camera and Rear 5 MP camera with an LED flash. It comes with 8GB of built-in storage which can further be expanded using a microSD, up to 64 GB. Connectivity includes Dual SIM , 4G LTE. The Device has a non-removable Li-ion 2300 mAh battery .. 5% Instant Discount On Using Credit/Debit Card Apply for credit card now ». Blu Studio J8 LTE is yet to be launched. Here are similar products that are available in store.. Lenovo Vibe K5 Plus 2GB RAM. Xiaomi Redmi Note 4 3GB RAM + 32GB. Lenovo Vibe K5 Plus 3GB RAM. Lenovo Vibe K5 Note 4GB RAM. Find dealers & shops for Blu Studio J8 LTE mobile phone in your City:. -- Select City -- Agra Ahmedabad Ajmer Alappuzha Alwar Amritsar Aurangabad Bangalore Bharatpur Bhavnagar Bhikaner Bhopal Bhubaneshwar Calangute Chandigarh Chennai Chittaurgarh Coimbatore Cuttack Dalhousie Dehradun Delhi Diu-island Ernakulam Faridabad Gangtok Gaya Ghaziabad Gurgaon Guwahati Gwalior Haridwar Hyderabad Imphal Indore Jabalpur Jaipur Jaisalmer Jalandhar Jamshedpur Jodhpur Junagadh Kanpur Kanyakumari Khajuraho Kochi Kodaikanal Kolkata Kota Kottayam Kovalam Lucknow Ludhiana Madurai Manali Mangalore Margao Mathura Mumbai Mussoorie Mysore Nagpur Nainital Nashik Ooty Orchha Panaji Patna Pondicherry Porbandar Portblair Pune Puri Rajkot Rameswaram Ranchi Sanchi Secunderabad Shimla Surat Thanjavur Thiruchchirapalli Thrissur Tirumala Udaipur Vadodara Varanasi Vasco da gama Vijayawada. Group: 4,000 to 5,000. Full Specifications of Blu Studio J8 LTE. Screen Size 5 inches Screen Resolution 1280 x 720 pixels Pixel Density 294 PPI Display Type IPS LCD. Rear Camera Resolution 5 MP Front Camera Resolution 2 MP Video Recording Yes Camera Features Autofocus, Flash, Touch Focus, Digital Zoom. SIM Card Slots Dual SIM SIM Card Type SIM 1: Micro-SIM SIM2: Micro-SIM Bluetooth Yes, v4.0 3.5 mm Jack Yes. Internal Storage 8 GB Card Slot/Expandable microSD, up to 64 GB Other 8GB Storage. Battery Capacity 2300 mAh Battery Type Li-ion. Brand Blu Chipset MediaTek, MT6735 Processor 1.3 GHz Quad Core Processor RAM 1GB RAM GPU Mali T720. Operating System Android OS Version Android, Marshmallow 6.0 Weight 148 grams Dimensions 142.8 x 73 x 9.5 mm. 4G Yes, 800 / 1800 / 1900 / 2100 / 2600 MHz LTE 3G Yes, 850 / 900 / 1900 / 2100 MHz HSDPA 2G Yes, GSM 850 / 900 / 1800 / 1900 Wi-Fi Yes, Wi-Fi 802.11 b/g/n, hotspot GPS Yes, A-GPS GPRS Yes EDGE Yes Radio Yes. Sensors Accelerometer,Proximity USB Connectivity Micro USB 2.0. Disclaimer: We cannot guarantee the information is 100% accurate. Report a problem on this page. Key Specifications Review of Blu Studio J8 LTE Quite Big Screen - 5 inches Reading, browsing internet and watching videos is more pleasing experience on a bigger screen. Sharp Screen - 294 PPI Higher Resolution indicates sharp display images, videos and text look more vivid and clear. IPS LCD In-Plane Switching Liquid Crystal Display (IPS LCD) Offers more sharpness, shows more realistic looking Images, Displays More Natural Colours and performs better in Bright sunlight as compared to LCD Displays. 1.3 GHz Quad Core Processor More cores result in better multitasking. More tasks can be processed in parallel without slowing down the User Interface. Lots Of RAM - 1 GB More RAM means faster loading of apps and smoother execution of multiple tasks simultaneously. Mali T720 Graphics Processing Unit enables smooth processing of 3D Games and HD Videos. It also shares the load of processors and saves battery. Has Dual SIM Multiple SIM Phones allow you to use multiple sims at the same time without the need to carry multiple mobile phones. 5 MP Rear Camera Average Resolution camera that capture less vibrant images without focusing much on details. 2 MP Front Camera Average Resolution camera that capture less vibrant selfies, low quality videocalling without focusing much on details. Has Flash For Camera With Flash Bright Selfies / Pics can be captured even in low light. Has Autofocus For Camera With Autofocus, the camera of the mobile is able to focus on the subject automatically. Heavy Weight - 148g Holding Heavy weight mobile phones for long time will make your arms tired. Limited Storage Capacity - 8 GB Less internal storage may limit installation of more apps, storing songs, images, videos, etc. Supports Memory Card - microSD, up to 64 GB Having no Memory cards restricts extra storage capacity. You cannot store more songs, photos and videos. Low Battery Life - 2300 mAh Lower Battery Life causes quick battery drain & results in frequent charging. The Battery life also depends on screen size, processor, OS, personal useage and other factors. Supports 4G 4G connection provides internet access upto 100 Mbps. Get more download speed and a faster browsing experience. You can send voice calls and messages. It supports all features of 3G, 2G conncetivity. Supports 3G 3G Enabled Handsets give you more download speed and a faster internet experience. 3G enables fast internet access, high speed downloads and access to lot other internet features. Supports 2G With 2G connectivity option you can get all cellular features but stay limited to basic internet facilities. Supports WiFi Connect to wifi hotspots in your area or other devices to your mobile. Supports GPS GPS help you to track your current location. get directions to a place or any destination using apps like Google Maps. Have A FM Radio Allows you to listen Music, songs, etc from Radio stations even while travelling. Supports Bluetooth You can wirelessly listen to music and calls using bluetooth headsets or even share data. Has 3.5mm Headphone Jack 3.5mm Jack enables you to connect to large number of other devices such as speakers, headphones etc.... Expected Price of Blu Studio J8 LTE in India is Rs. 4,599.00, updated on 26th February 2018. Write a Review on Blu Studio J8 LTE. Heading* Summary* Rating*. (Your rating: 0 / 5). Nokia 207 Coolpad Cool 1 3GB RAM Coolpad Cool 1 4GB RAM Xiaomi Redmi Note 4 3GB RAM + 32GB Good One G7 Reach Allure Subor S5 Lenovo Vibe K5 Plus 3GB RAM Lenovo K6 Power Samsung Galaxy J2 (2017) Vphone S8 ZTE ZMax Pro Itel Wish it1512. Blu Studio J8 LTE Questions & Answers. 7 Tips to Deal with Blurry Vision Caused by Smartphones and Laptops Motorola Sphere+ Bluetooth Speaker with Bluetooth Headphones Launched in India Skullcandy Hesh 3 Bluetooth Headphones Review JBL Boombox Bluetooth Speaker Now Available in the Indian Market Motorola Sonic Play Series Bluetooth Speakers Launched in India Top 7 Dual Camera Smartphones in India for Beautiful Blur Effect. 5.5 inches 10 MP Camera 1 RAM 2600 mAh. 2.4 inches 0 RAM 1020 mAh. 5.5 inches 13 MP Camera 3 RAM 4000 mAh. Xiaomi Redmi Note 4 3GB RAM + 32GB. 5.5 inches 13 MP Camera 3 RAM 4100 mAh. 4 inches 2 MP Camera 512 RAM 1750 mAh. 4.7 inches 5 MP Camera 1 RAM 2000 mAh. Comments on Blu Studio J8 LTE mobile phone. Blu Studio J8 LTE mobile price. × Get instant notification when available Blu Studio J8 LTE. Get Real-Time Price, latest launches, top stories & best deals right in your inbox.. -- Problem/Feedback -- Customer feedback Price is different than price on external website Incorrect product specifications Item does not match external website There are insufficient details to make a buying decision Other. Get access to your Wishlist and more.. Keep items you love on a watchlist.. Write Your Reviews & Win Daily Prizes!. Be first to know about great offers and save.. *Pricekart.com will not share any personal information with any third party at any time. LOGIN or SIGN UP. Mobile | Tablet | Home & Kitchen Appliances | TV & Entertainment | Camera, DSLR & Accessories | Automotive | Books. Samsung Mobiles Price | Vivo Mobiles Price | OPPO Mobiles Price | Xiaomi Mobiles Price | Karbonn Mobiles Price | Itel Mobiles Price | Intex Mobiles Price. Upcoming Mobiles | Waterproof Mobiles Price | Top 10 Mobiles Price | 4g Mobiles Price | Big Battery Mobiles | Mobiles Below 10000. About Us | Extension | Privacy | Terms & Conditions | Blog | Contact Us | Merchants. Made in India by. 
The next video is starting stop. BLU Studio J8 Review - 4G LTE Unlocked Smartphone - Gold. Want to watch this again later?. Sign in to add this video to a playlist.. Sign in to report inappropriate content.. Sign in to make your opinion count.. Sign in to make your opinion count.. The interactive transcript could not be loaded.. Rating is available when the video has been rented.. This feature is not available right now. BLU Studio J8 - 4G LTE Unlocked Smartphone -16GB +2GB RAM -Gold Unlocked Dual SIM smartphone, Android 7.0 nougat 5.5” HD curved glass display with BLU infinite view (IPS) technology, One touch fingerprint sensor 8MP Main Camera with flash + 5MP front Camera with flash 16GB Internal memory 2GB RAM Micro SD up to 64GB; Mediatek 6737 1.3GHz Quad core processor with mali-720 GPU 4G LTE(1/2/3/4/7/12/17/28) 3G(850/900/1700/1900/2100): US Compatibility Nationwide on all GSM Networks including AT&T, T-Mobile, Cricket, MetroPCS, Straight Talk, and others Product description Color:GOLD BLU has once again pushed the Envelope when it comes to creativity. Designed with a electrolyzed metal housing paired with a smooth Liquid like curved touch panel display. The Studio J8 focused on superior user experience with a clean form factor wrapped around a generous 5.5” HD display. Product information Color:GOLD Product Dimensions 6.1 x 0.3 x 3 inches Item Weight 8 ounces Shipping Weight 8 ounces (View shipping rates and policies) ASIN B074QQ81YK Item model number S0351WW GOLD Batteries 1 Lithium ion batteries required. When autoplay is enabled, a suggested video will automatically play next.. The Best Phone Under $90 BLU J8 Unboxing & impressions!!. Blu Studio J8 Aluminio y lector de huellas en un Android económico. BLU Studio J8, its features, 2 GB of RAM and 16 GB of ROM. The Best Phone Under $90: BLU Studio J8 Review!. BLU R1 HD How to remove replace back cover & install SIM Card, insert Memory Card. Does It Suck? - $60 Android Phone. The MOST Underrated Android Phone // BLU Pure XR. Cheap BLU Studio XL 2 4G LTE Unlocked 6 inch Smartphone -$128. BLU STUDIO MEGA, STUDIO G MAX, & STUDIO G2 HD REVIEW. BLU R2 LTE (16 + 2GB) | Unboxing & First Impressions. BLU R2 LTE Speed Test: Which Is Faster?. BLU PURE XR Smartphone Review - 4G LTE GSM Unlocked. BLU Life Max Unboxing and First Impressions. Apple - Manufacturing Process Mac Pro [Making Of]. How to remove the battery on BLU Life View. Sign in to add this to Watch Later. 
BLU Studio J8 LTE vs Uhans i8 Pro. Compare BLU Studio J8 LTE and Uhans i8 Pro. LTE frequency band 1(2100), 2(1900), 3(1800), 4(1700/2100), 7(2600), 12(700), 17(700), 28(700). LTE frequency band 1(2100), 3(1800), 7(2600), 8(900), 18(800). LTE, Cat4, 150 Mbps download, 50 Mbps upload. LTE, Cat7, 301 Mbps download, 102 Mbps upload. 2.5D curved glass screen, GFF full lamination. Quad-core 1.3 GHz ARM Cortex-A53. Autofocus, continuous shooting, digital zoom, geotagging, panorama, HDR, touch focus, face detection, white balance settings, ISO settings, exposure compensation, self-timer, scene-mode. Compare BLU Studio J8 LTE vs Uhans i8. Compare BLU Studio J8 LTE vs ZTE Blade V8 Pro. Compare BLU Studio J8 LTE vs Samsung Galaxy J7 Max. Compare BLU Studio J8 LTE vs Doogee BL12000. Compare BLU Studio J8 LTE vs alcatel A3 XL. Compare BLU Studio J8 LTE vs Samsung Galaxy J7 Pro. Compare BLU Studio J8 LTE vs Gionee M7. Compare BLU Studio J8 LTE vs Ulefone Armor 2S. Uhans i8 Pro vs Elephone Z1 comparison. Uhans i8 Pro vs BLU Studio J8 comparison. Uhans i8 Pro vs Jinga A502 comparison. Uhans i8 Pro vs Fly cirrus 11 comparison. Uhans i8 Pro vs Jinga Fresh comparison. Uhans i8 Pro vs Ginzzu S5001 comparison. Uhans i8 Pro vs BLU Touchbook M7 Pro comparison. Uhans i8 Pro vs Jinga Fresh 4G comparison. 
GSMchoice: 305 brands. A D V E R T I S E M E N T. Samsung Huawei LG Nokia Alcatel ZTE Sony Prestigio Asus Lenovo BLU Motorola HTC Sharp Coolpad Xiaomi Sony Ericsson Doogee Fly Oppo Honor i-mobile Intex Apple myPhone Panasonic Vivo Wiko Kyocera Micromax. Data Gallery Tests News Pictures Opinions Questions To your site. BLU 5.0 HD LTE BLU Advance 4.0 BLU Advance 4.0 L BLU Advance 4.0 L2 BLU Advance 4.0 L3 BLU Advance 4.0 M BLU Advance 4.5 BLU Advance A5 BLU Advance A5 LTE BLU Advance A5 Plus LTE BLU Amour BLU Brilliant T400 BLU Brilliant T410 BLU C5 BLU C5 LTE BLU Click T300 BLU Click T310 BLU Cubo Q300 BLU Cubo Q310 BLU Dash BLU Dash 3.5 D160 BLU Dash 3.5 D170 BLU Dash 3.5 D171a BLU Dash 3.5 II BLU Dash 4.0 D270a BLU Dash 4.0 D270i BLU Dash 4.0 D271a BLU Dash 4.0 D271i BLU Dash 4.5 BLU Dash 4.5 D310a BLU Dash 4.5 D310i BLU Dash 5.0 D410a BLU Dash 5.0 D410i BLU Dash 5.0+ BLU Dash 5.5 BLU Dash C Music BLU Dash G BLU Dash JR 3G BLU Dash Jr 4.0 K BLU Dash JR D140 BLU Dash JR D142 BLU Dash JR K BLU Dash JR TV BLU Dash L BLU Dash L2 BLU Dash L3 BLU Dash L3 8G BLU Dash L4 LTE BLU Dash L5 LTE BLU Dash M BLU Dash M2 BLU Dash Music 4.0 D272a BLU Dash Music 4.0 D272i BLU Dash Music JR BLU Dash X BLU Dash X2 BLU Dash XL BLU Dash X LTE BLU Dash X Plus BLU Dash X Plus LTE BLU Deco BLU Deejay T200 BLU Deejay T210 BLU Diamond M BLU Disco2Go II BLU Diva BLU Diva X BLU Dual SIM Lite BLU Energy Diamond BLU Energy Diamond Mini BLU Energy JR BLU Energy M BLU Energy X BLU Energy X 2 BLU Energy XL BLU Energy X LTE BLU Energy X Plus BLU Energy X Plus 2 BLU Ez2Go BLU Flash BLU Gol BLU Grand 5.5 HD BLU Grand 5.5 HD II BLU Grand Energy BLU Grand M BLU Grand M2 BLU Grand M2 LTE BLU Grand Max BLU Grand Mini BLU Grand X BLU Grand XL BLU Grand XL LTE BLU Grand X LTE BLU Janet BLU Janet L BLU Jenny II BLU Jenny T162 BLU Jenny T172 BLU Jenny TV 2.8 BLU Kick BLU Life 8 BLU Life 8 XL BLU Life Mark BLU Life Max BLU Life One BLU Life One LTE BLU Life One M BLU Life One X BLU Life One X2 BLU Life One X2 Mini BLU Life One X3 BLU Life One X 2016 BLU Life One XL BLU Life Play BLU Life Play 2 BLU Life Play mini BLU Life Play S BLU Life Play X BLU Life Pro BLU Life Pure BLU Life Pure mini BLU Life Pure XL BLU Life View BLU Life X8 BLU Life XL 3G BLU Life XL 4G BLU Magic 2 BLU Neo 3.5 BLU Neo 4.5 BLU Neo Energy Mini BLU Neo S220 BLU Neo S230 BLU Neo X BLU Neo X2 BLU Neo XL BLU Neo X LTE BLU Neo X Mini BLU Neo X Plus BLU Neo XT S280 BLU Neo XT S290 BLU Pure View BLU Pure XL BLU Pure XR BLU Quattro 4.5 BLU Quattro 4.5 HD BLU Quattro 5.7 HD BLU R1 HD BLU R1 Plus BLU R2 BLU R2 LTE BLU R2 Plus BLU S1 BLU Samba BLU Samba Mini Q200 BLU Samba Mini Q210 BLU Samba W BLU Selfie BLU Slim TV BLU Smart BLU Spark BLU Speed Q400 BLU Speed Q410 BLU Sport 4.5 BLU Star 4.5 BLU Star 4.5 Design Edition BLU Studio 5.0 BLU Studio 5.0 C BLU Studio 5.0 CE BLU Studio 5.0 C HD BLU Studio 5.0 HD LTE BLU Studio 5.0 II BLU Studio 5.0 K BLU Studio 5.0 LTE BLU Studio 5.0 S BLU Studio 5.0 S II BLU Studio 5.3 D500 BLU Studio 5.3 D510 BLU Studio 5.3 S BLU Studio 5.5 BLU Studio 5.5 C BLU Studio 5.5 HD BLU Studio 5.5 K BLU Studio 5.5S BLU Studio 6.0 HD BLU Studio 6.0 LTE BLU Studio 7.0 BLU Studio 7.0 II BLU Studio 7.0 LTE BLU Studio C BLU Studio C 5+5 BLU Studio C 5+5 LTE BLU Studio C 8+8 BLU Studio C 8+8 LTE BLU Studio C HD BLU Studio C mini BLU Studio C Super Camera BLU Studio Energy BLU Studio Energy 2 BLU Studio G BLU Studio G2 BLU Studio G2 HD BLU Studio G3 BLU Studio G HD BLU Studio G HD LTE BLU Studio G LTE BLU Studio G Max BLU Studio G Mini BLU Studio G Plus BLU Studio G Plus HD BLU Studio J1 BLU Studio J5 BLU Studio J8 BLU Studio J8 LTE BLU Studio J8M LTE BLU Studio Max BLU Studio Mega BLU Studio M HD BLU Studio Mini LTE BLU Studio M LTE BLU Studio One BLU Studio One Plus BLU Studio Pro BLU Studio Selfie BLU Studio Selfie 2 BLU Studio Selfie 3 BLU Studio Selfie LTE BLU Studio Touch BLU Studio View XL BLU Studio X 5 BLU Studio X 6 BLU Studio X8 HD BLU Studio XL BLU Studio XL 2 BLU Studio XL LTE BLU Studio X Mini BLU Studio X Plus BLU Studo J2 BLU Tango BLU Tank 4.5 BLU Tank T180 BLU Tank T190 BLU Tank Xtreme 2.4 BLU Tank Xtreme 4.0 BLU Tank Xtreme 5.0 BLU Tank Xtreme Pro BLU Tattoo BLU Tattoo TV BLU Texting2Go BLU TV2Go BLU TV2Go Lite BLU Vida1 BLU Vivo 4.3 BLU Vivo 4.8 HD D940a BLU Vivo 4.8 HD D940i BLU Vivo 5 BLU Vivo 5 Mini BLU Vivo 5R BLU Vivo 6 BLU Vivo 8 BLU Vivo 8L BLU Vivo Air BLU Vivo Air LTE BLU Vivo IV BLU Vivo One BLU Vivo Selfie BLU Vivo X BLU Vivo XL BLU Vivo XL 2 BLU Win HD BLU Win HD LTE BLU Win JR BLU Win JR LTE BLU Z3 BLU Zoey BLU Zoey 2.4 3G BLU Zoey 3G BLU Zoey II. FDD LTE: 700, 1700, 1800, 1900, 2100, 2600. Dimensions (W x H x D). 155.70 x 77.60 x 8.90 mm. Color / IPS TFT 16M colors 720 x 1280 px. microSD, microSDHC, microSDXC (up to 64 GB). MediaTek MT6737 Processor clock: 1.30 GHz Number of cores: 4. GPU: ARM Mali-T720 MP2 @650 MHz. A D V E R T I S E M E N T. MPEG4, H.263, H.264 - 30 fps. If you want to add standard information about this phone to your site please - click here !. A D V E R T I S E M E N T. Popularity chart of BLU Studio J8 LTE. We do our best to present the proper and current information on this page. However, in case of finding any error in the data above please. Sorry, there are no opinions yet.. © 2005 - 2018 PIK Sp. MWC18: Samsung finally reveals the premiere flagships ». MWC18: HMD Global and a lot of new Nokias – including the iconic “banana” ». MWC18: LG presents the LG V30S ThinQ model with artificial intelligence ». MWC18: Three series of Alcatel smartphones - the first launch in Barcelona ». MWC18: Huawei, a genius laptop and multimedia tablets ». Samsung Galaxy S9/S9+ Unpacked - where and how to watch? All Rights Reserved by PIK Sp. Your IP 162.158.179.32 Engine & layout by InterData. 
