GSM 850 / 900 / 1800 / 1900 - SIM 1 & SIM 2. HSDPA 850 / 900 / 1700 / 1900 / 2100 - S750P. 144.1 x 72.8 x 9.9 mm (5.67 x 2.87 x 0.39 in). IPS LCD capacitive touchscreen, 16M colors. 5.0 inches, 68.9 cm 2 (~65.7% screen-to-body ratio). 720 x 1280 pixels, 16:9 ratio (~294 ppi density). Dual: 8 MP + 2 MP, dual-LED flash. SMS(threaded view), MMS, Email, Push Email, IM. Up to 650 h (2G) / Up to 550 h (3G). Up to 24 h (2G) / Up to 12 h (3G). We can not guarantee that the information on this page is 100% correct. BLU Studio Pro - user opinions and reviews. well, there is options for high demanding customers, and also remember this phone can be used for standard tasks as some customers just need whatsapp texting, light facebook usage and of course navigation for web sites, with 1GB of RAM it will be goo.... such as decadent but yes, the device will be good for some one trying to get a dual cam phone but at a very very low price, more than 100$ will be too much for this handset.. some may wonder why this device have such a low spec set up. well that is the only way to provide in the market a device with some features like dual camera and selfie-LED flash at a low price.. Samsung Apple Nokia Sony LG HTC Motorola Huawei Microsoft Lenovo Xiaomi Google Acer Asus Oppo OnePlus Meizu BlackBerry Alcatel ZTE Toshiba Vodafone Energizer XOLO Lava Micromax BLU Gionee vivo LeEco Panasonic HP YU verykool Maxwest Plum. Nokia 2 BLU Grand M2 BLU Studio G Mini BLU Studio G3. BLU Vivo X BLU Vivo 8 BLU Vivo One BLU Vivo XL BLU Vivo 5 BLU Life One X3. 
Select the department you want to search in. Sign in Account & Lists Sign in Account & Lists Orders Try Prime Cart. Your Amazon.com Today's Deals Gift Cards Registry Sell Help Disability Customer Support. 1-16 of 303 results for "BLU Studio Pro". See all results for BLU Studio Pro .. BLU Studio Pro S750p 5.0" Smartphone 8GB GSM Unlocked Dual SIM 8MP Android - Black. photographic experience, the STUDIO PRO takes pictures to another .... BLU Studio Studio Pro Unlocked Android Phone - 5.0" Screen - 8GB - Grey. Only 18 left in stock - order soon.. The STUDIO PRO provides a superb high definition experience on its 5. BLU Studio J8 - 4G LTE Unlocked Smartphone -8GB +1GB RAM -Gold. Only 1 left in stock - order soon.. 5” HD curved glass display with BLU infinite view (IPS) technology .... BLU Studio J8 - 5.5" HD Unlocked Smartphone -8GB +1GB RAM -Black. 5” HD curved glass display with BLU infinite view (IPS) technology .... BLU Studio J8 - 4G LTE Unlocked Smartphone -8GB +1GB RAM -Silver. Only 9 left in stock - order soon.. 5” HD curved glass display with BLU infinite view (IPS) technology .... BLU Studio J8 - 4G LTE Unlocked Smartphone -8GB +1GB RAM -Rose Gold. 5” HD curved glass display with BLU infinite view (IPS) technology .... BLU Studio J8 - 4G LTE Unlocked Smartphone -16GB +2GB RAM -Gold. Only 17 left in stock - order soon.. 5” HD curved glass display with BLU infinite view (IPS) technology .... BLU Studio J8 - 5.5" HD Unlocked Smartphone -8GB +1GB RAM -Rose Gold. Only 7 left in stock - order soon.. 5” HD curved glass display with BLU infinite view (IPS) technology .... BLU Studio J8 LTE - 5.5" 4G Unlocked Smartphone - 16GB+2GB RAM with Fingerprint Sensor -Black. Only 15 left in stock - order soon.. $89.00 (7 used &amp new offers). 5” HD curved glass display with BLU infinite view (IPS) technology .... BLU Studio J8 - 5.5" HD Unlocked Smartphone -8GB +1GB RAM -Silver. 5” HD curved glass display with BLU infinite view (IPS) technology .... BLU Studio J8 - 5.5" HD Unlocked Smartphone -8GB +1GB RAM -Gold. 5” HD curved glass display with BLU infinite view (IPS) technology .... Micro USB Android Charger Cable Short 3ft for BLU Studio X8 HD, Samsung Galaxy S6 S7 Edge, Note 4 5, LG, HTC, Moto, Tablet - black. Tab S/ Tab 4 4/ Tab 3 Lite/ Note Pro / Tab Pro/ Note - LG Lancet, Leon .... BLU Studio J8 - 4G LTE Unlocked Smartphone -8GB +1GB RAM -Black. 5” HD curved glass display with BLU infinite view (IPS) technology .... BLU Studio Pro 5.0" Screen Smartphone Unlocked Dual SIM Android (Rose Gold). Only 16 left in stock - order soon.. Jikkyo Powerful Pro Yakyuu 2013 [Japan Import]. Only 1 left in stock - order soon.. $8.34 (58 used &amp new offers). VanGoddy Carry All "H" Wallet with Cell Phone Compartment Suitable for Up to 6.5in Smartphones. Aurora BLU R1 R1 Plus BLU Studio Selfie BLU Life One X2 Mini .... All customers get FREE Shipping on orders over $25 shipped by Amazon. 4 Stars & Up & Up. 3 Stars & Up & Up. 2 Stars & Up & Up. 1 Star & Up & Up. There's a problem loading this menu right now.. Get fast, free shipping with Amazon Prime. Prime members enjoy FREE Two-Day Shipping and exclusive access to music, movies, TV shows, original audio series, and Kindle books.. Careers About Amazon Investor Relations Amazon Devices. Sell on Amazon Sell Your Services on Amazon Sell on Amazon Business Sell Your Apps on Amazon Become an Affiliate Advertise Your Products Self-Publish with Us › See all. Amazon Rewards Visa Signature Cards Amazon.com Store Card Amazon.com Corporate Credit Line Shop with Points Credit Card Marketplace Reload Your Balance Amazon Currency Converter. Your Account Your Orders Shipping Rates & Policies Amazon Prime Returns & Replacements Manage Your Content and Devices Amazon Assistant Help. Amazon Music Stream millions of songs. Amazon Drive Cloud storage from Amazon. 6pm Score deals on fashion brands. AbeBooks Books, art & collectibles. ACX Audiobook Publishing Made Easy. Alexa Actionable Analytics for the Web. Amazon Business Everything For Your Business. AmazonFresh Groceries & More Right To Your Door. AmazonGlobal Ship Orders Internationally. Home Services Handpicked Pros Happiness Guarantee. Amazon Inspire Digital Educational Resources. Amazon Rapids Fun stories for kids on the go. Amazon Restaurants Food delivery from local restaurants. Amazon Video Direct Video Distribution Made Easy. Amazon Web Services Scalable Cloud Computing Services. Audible Download Audio Books. AudiobookStand Discount Audiobooks on Disc. Book Depository Books With Free Delivery Worldwide. Box Office Mojo Find Movie Box Office Data. ComiXology Thousands of Digital Comics. CreateSpace Indie Print Publishing Made Easy. DPReview Digital Photography. East Dane Designer Men's Fashion. Fabric Sewing, Quilting & Knitting. Goodreads Book reviews & recommendations. IMDb Movies, TV & Celebrities. IMDbPro Get Info Entertainment Professionals Need. Junglee.com Shop Online in India. Kindle Direct Publishing Indie Digital Publishing Made Easy. Prime Now FREE 2-Hour Delivery on Everyday Items. Prime Photos Unlimited Photo Storage Free With Prime. Shopbop Designer Fashion Brands. TenMarks.com Math Activities for Kids & Schools. Warehouse Deals Open-Box Discounts. Whole Foods Market America’s Healthiest Grocery Store. Withoutabox Submit to Film Festivals. Woot! Deals and Shenanigans. Zappos Shoes & Clothing. Souq.com Shop Online in the Middle East. Subscribe with Amazon Discover & try subscription services. Conditions of Use Privacy Notice Interest-Based Ads © 1996-2018, Amazon.com, Inc. 
Likes Followers Followers Followers Followers mobitabspecs Subscribe. TomTop Deals: Sharp Z2 4G smartphone available for $117.99 GearBest Deals: Onda V80 Tablet available for $74.99 TomTop Deals: HOMTOM S8 available for $128.99 GearBest Deals: Xiaomi Mi Note 3 available for $379.99 TomTop Deals: Koolnee K1 Trio smartphone available for $229.99 GearBest Deals: Xiaomi Mi Mix 2 available for $569.99 GearBest Deals: Xiaomi Mi 6 smartphone available for $449.99 GearBest Deals: MSI GL62M 7RD – 223CN Gaming Laptop available for $899.99 GearBest Deals: Vernee X Mobile available for $247.99 TomTop Deals: MX10 Android 7.1.2 TV Box RK3328 4GB / 32GB available for $58.99. Mobitabspecs - Tech Blog with Mobile Phones News and Specifications. News Deals Review Specification Mobiles Tablets Laptops Compare Comparisons. All Apps News Tablet News Mobile News Accessories News. Intex Aqua Lions T1 Lite launched in India for Rs 3899. iLA X AliExpress Tech Discovery Promotions & Will Attend the MWC 2018. Unnamed HTC 2Q5W1 smartphone spotted on GeekBench. Prev Next. All Tablet Deals TomTop Deals Mobile Deals Laptop Deals GearBest Deals Accessories Deal. TomTop Deals: Sharp Z2 4G smartphone available for $117.99. GearBest Deals: Onda V80 Tablet available for $74.99. TomTop Deals: HOMTOM S8 available for $128.99. Prev Next. DesignCap Review- A Free and Effortless Online Poster Maker. Create Beautiful Logo Designs for Your Business With DesignEvo. Review: iSeePassword Windows Password Recovery Pro. Switch To A New Phone And Make The Switch As Easy As It Gets. Prev Next. Home Gadgets Mobiles BLU Studio Pro. Brand: Blu Category: Mobiles. CPU : 1.3GHz Quad Core. OS : Android OS v7.0. The overall rating is based on review by our experts. 7.3 3.7 1. Display 8 / 10. RAM 6 / 10. Processor 6 / 10. Camera 8 / 10. Connectivity 8 / 10. Battery 7 / 10. Performance 8 / 10. Design 8 / 10. The BLU Studio Pro smartphone was launched in Aug-2017 and comes in Black, Gold, Gray and Rose colors.. The smartphone features a 5-inch IPS LCD multi-touch display with a resolution of 1280 x 720 pixels.. It is powered by a 1.3GHz quad-core MediaTek MT6580 processor with 1GB of RAM and Mali 400 GPU. The device offers an 8GB of internal memory and expands 64GB via microSD card.. The smartphone comes with an 8MP+2MP. dual rear camera with dual LED flash and a 5MP front camera with LED flash as well. The rear camera supports for FHD video recording.. It runs an Android 7.0 Nougat OS and is backed by a 2000 mAH battery.. On the connectivity front, the device supports Bluetooth, Wi-Fi, 3G, Dual Sim, GPS, 3.5mm audio jack and a micro USB port.. BLU Studio Pro - Technical Specification. Type Design Type called form factor refers to a mobile phone's size, shape, and style as well as the layout and position of major components of phone. There are three major form factors seen in mobile phones => bar phones, folding phones and sliding phones.. 144.1 mm x 72.8 mm x 9.9 mm. Black Gold Gray Rose. Display Type Display Technology => A number of display technologies and types used in mobile phones => TFT (Thin Film Transistor), IPS (In-Place Switching), OLED (Organic Light Emitting Diode), AMOLED (Active-Matrix Organic Light-Emitting Diode), Super AMOLED (an even advanced version of AMOLED), Resistive Touchscreen (Resistive touchscreens contain two layer of conductive material with a very small gap between them which acts as a resistance), Capacitive Touchsceen (Capacitive touchscreen technology consists of a layer of glass coated with a transparent conductor). Pixel Density Pixel Density (PPI) is refers to the concentration of pixels on a particular display, measured in pixels per inch (ppi). Pixel density is calculated by dividing the diagonal pixel resolution of a display by its diagonal size, higher pixel density better display quality.. Display Colors Display Colors is refers to the number of different shades of colors that the screen is capable of displaying => 64K colors, 256K colors and 16 million colors, Obviously 16M is highest available range of colors and better than others.. Display Protection Display Protection => Gorilla Glass is a special alkali-aluminosilicate glass shield with exceptional damage resistance that helps protect mobile displays from scratches, drops, and bumps of everyday use, It is always better to go for a smartphone with Gorilla Glass for that added protection and peace of mind.. GSM 850 / 900 / 1800 / 1900 MHz. GSM 850 / 900 / 1900 / 2100 MHz. SIM SIM (Subscriber Identity Module) is a small card that contains mobile network subscriber's account information. This allows the phone using the card to attach to a mobile network. The SIM card is most commonly associated with GSM and UMTS mobile networks. Moving a SIM card from one phone to another allows a subscriber to switch mobile phones without having to contact their mobile network carrier. SIM cards can also be used by a phone to store limited amounts of data, such as phone numbers and text messages.. Chipset Chipset is a group of integrated circuits designed to perform one or a more dedicated functions, often with real time computing constraints, Popular smartphones are equipped with more advanced embedded chipsets that can do many different tasks depending on their programming.. CPU CPU (Central Processing Unit) mostly known as processors, CPU processes instructions in order to carry out certain functions that make your device operate properly. Processors are often described as the brain of computers, smartphones and tablets, Smartphones and tablets rely on processors to carry out their every task, Processors are an incredibly important factor in selecting any type of computing device, including your smartphone.. GPU GPU (Graphics Processing Unit) is a single-chip processor designed to rapidly manipulate and alter memory to accelerate the creation of images in a frame buffer intended for output to a display, This includes things such as lighting effects, object transformations, and 3D motion.. RAM (Memory) RAM (Random Access Memory) is a type of computer memory that can be accessed randomly, any byte of memory can be accessed without touching the preceding bytes that allows information to be stored and accessed quickly from random locations. RAM is the most common type of memory found in computer systems, smartphones, tablets and other electronic devices.. Internal Storage Internal Storage is a data storage space (flash memory) mostly used in smartphones, tablets and other electronic devices where operating system, apps, music, photos, videos, files and other user data Is stored.. Card Slot Memory Card Slot is a special slot for inserting a memory card. Memory cards allow you to expand the phone's built-in memory, A memory card (sometimes called a flash memory card or a storage card) is a small storage medium used to store data such as text, pictures, audio, and video, for use on small, portable or remote computing devices such as mobile phones, mp3 players, digital cameras.. Sensors Sensors are electronic components that detects and responds to some type of input from the physical environment. The specific input could be light, heat, motion, moisture, pressure and location, The output is generally a signal that is converted to use in computing systems, a location sensor, such as a GPS receiver is able to detect current location of your electronic device.. Accelerometer Proximity Ambient light. Operating System OS => Every computer system run on a base software called Operating System (OS). Operating System controls all basic operations of the computer (such as smartphone, PDAs, tablet computers and other handheld devices). The Operating System allows the user to install and run third party applications (apps), apps are used to add new functionality to the device.. Java Support Java for Mobile Devices is a set of technologies that let developers deliver applications and services to all types of mobile handsets, ranging from price efficient feature-phones to the latest smartphones. Java is currently running on over 3 billion phones worldwide, and growing. It offers unrivaled potential for the distribution and monetization of mobile applications.. Youtube Youtube is a popular free video-sharing website, Youtube is the largest video sharing site in the world, Millions of users around the world have created accounts on the site that allow them to upload videos that anyone can watch.. Facebook Facebook is a popular free social networking website that allows registered users to create profiles, upload photos and video, send messages and keep in touch with friends, family and colleagues. The site is available in 37 different languages.. SMS SMS (Short Messaging Service) is a text messaging service component of phone, Web, or mobile communication systems. It uses standardized communications protocols to allow mobile phone devices to exchange short text messages over the networks.. MMS MMS (Multimedia Messaging Service) is a standard way to send messages that include multimedia content (audio clips, video clips and images) to and from mobile phones over wireless networks using the WAP protocol.. Email Email (Electronic Mail) is a system for receiving, sending, and storing electronic messages, Similar to a letter, email is text messages that may contain files, images, or other attachments sent via the internet to a recipient by using applications and software prograps. An email address is required to receive email, and that address is unique to the user.. IM IM (Instant Messaging) is an exchange of text messages through a software application, it enable you to create a kind of private chat room with another individual in order to communicate in real time over the Internet.. Primary Camera is able to capture photographs and usually videos, The most important characteristics of a camera are the resolution (measured in megapixels), lens focus type (fixed or automatic), higher megapixel cameras are known to capture higher quality photos, but not always a good measurement of the photos quality.. Flash Flash Light => There is commonly two types of flash lights are used in camera mobile phones, LED Flash (LED flash offers lower power consumption with drive circuitry that takes up very little room, LEDs can be strobed faster than any other light source), Xenon Flash (xenon flash produces an extremely intense full-spectrum white light for a very short duration). Geotagging Autofocus HDR Touch focus Face detection Panoroma. Bluetooth Bluetooth is a wireless communications technology for exchanging data between mobile phones, headsets, computers and other network devices over short distances without wires, Bluetooth technology was primarily designed to support simple wireless networking of personal consumer devices.. Infrared Infrared connectivity is an old wireless technology used to connect two electronic devices. It uses a beam of infrared light to transmit information and so requires direct line of sight and operates only at close range.. Wi-fi Wi-Fi is a popular wireless networking technology using radio waves to provide high-speed network connections that allows devices to communicate without cords or cables, Wi-Fi is increasingly becoming the preferred mode of internet connectivity all over the world.. GPS GPS The Global Positioning System is a satellite-based radio navigation system, GPS permits users to determine their position, velocity and the time 24 hours a day, in all weather, anywhere in the world, In order to locate your position, your device or GPS receiver must have a clear view of the sky.. NFC NFC (Near field communication) is a set of standards for smartphones and similar devices to establish peer-to-peer radio communications with each other by touching them together or bringing them into proximity, usually no more than a few inches.. Wireless Charging Wireless Charging (Inductive Charging) uses an electromagnetic field to transfer energy between two objects. This is usually done with a charging station. Energy is sent through an inductive coupling to an electrical device, which can then use that energy to charge batteries or run the device.. HDMI HDMI (High-Definition Multimedia Interface) is a compact audio/video interface for transferring uncompressed video data and compressed or uncompressed digital audio data from a HDMI-compliant source device to a compatible computer monitor, video projector, digital television, or digital audio device.. GPRS GPRS (General Packet Radio Service) is a packet oriented mobile data service on the 2G and 3G cellular communication system's global system for mobile communications (GSM), Generally, GPRS is used for the purpose of wireless data transfer, such as sharing pictures and videos or browsing the Internet via a mobile phone connection.. EDGE EDGE (Enhanced Data GSM Environment) is a wireless network technology generally considered the next step in the 2G network offers data transfer rates up to four times faster than ordinary GSM networks, Generally, EDGE is used for the purpose of wireless data transfer, such as sharing pictures and videos or browsing the Internet via a mobile phone connection.. Web Browser Web Browser => a web browser is a software application used to locate, retrieve and display content on the World Wide Web, including Web pages, images, video and other files, The primary function of a web browser is to render HTML, the code used to design or markup webpages.. 3GP, M4V, H.263, H.264, MOV, AVI, xVID, WMV, FLV, MP4, H.265. Battery Type Battery Type => Cell phones run on various kinds of batteries depending on the manufacturer, phone size or shape and features. There are basically four types of cell phone batteries => Lithium Polymer, Lithium Ion, Nickel Metal Hydride and Nickel Cadmium.. Capacity Battery Capacity is a measure (typically in Amp-hr) of the charge stored by the battery, and is determined by the mass of active material contained in the battery. The battery capacity represents the maximum amount of energy that can be extracted from the battery under certain conditions.. Active noise cancellation with dedicated mic 2. BLU Studio Pro - Rate this Device Be the first to add a Review Your Name * Your Email * Review Title * Review Text * Rate this Product Display: Screen size, image quality (brightness, colors, contrast, etc), visibility in sun light, angles of view and touchscreen. RAM: Processor: Bluetooth, Wi-fi connectivity, data trnasfer speed, internet browsing and interfaces. Camera: Usability of Camera interface, image and video quality in different light conditions and environment. Connectivity: Bluetooth, Wi-fi connectivity, data trnasfer speed, internet browsing and interfaces. Battery: What about battery life, while calling, listening music, watching videos, playing games and doing other tasks. Performance: Is this device perform good while watching videos, playing games, taking snapshots, browsing internet and navigate through other applications? Design: What do you feel about Design and build quality of this device? Average Rating 6 / 10 based on your selection. Please post a user review only if you have / had this product.. BLU Grand M2 0 Reviews View specs →. BLU Advance A5 Plus LTE $134.00 View specs →. BLU Advance A5 Plus $109.99 View specs →. BLU Studio G3 0 Reviews View specs →. BLU R2 LTE 0 Reviews View specs →. BLU Life One X3 0 Reviews View specs →. BLU Touchbook M7 Pro 0 Reviews View specs →. BLU Tank Xtreme 5.0 Specifications, features 0 Reviews View specs →. BLU Studio J8M LTE 0 Reviews View specs →. Blu Vivo XL2 mobile Specifications, ratings 0 Reviews View specs →. BLU C5 LTE 0 Reviews View specs →. BLU Dash L5 LTE 0 Reviews View specs →. BLU Dash L3 full specifications, features 0 Reviews View specs →. BLU Grand M Specifications, features 0 Reviews View specs →. BLU C5 0 Reviews View specs →. BLU Studio J2 full specifications, features 0 Reviews View specs →. 13,512 Likes 3,221 Followers 4 Followers 226 Followers 3,166 Followers RSS Subscribe. Intex Aqua Lions T1 Lite launched in India for Rs 3899. iLA X AliExpress Tech Discovery Promotions & Will…. Unnamed HTC 2Q5W1 smartphone spotted on GeekBench. Motorola Moto X4 6GB RAM variant launched in India. Prev Next 1 of 68. Mobile Specifications ZTE Tempo Go $80.00 ZTE Blade V9 Vita Ulefone T2 Pro Samsung Galaxy S9 Plus $839.99 Samsung Galaxy S9 $719.99 Nokia 8110 4G $99.00. Tablet Specifications BQ BQ-8041L Art $121.00 Samsung Galaxy Tab S4 10.5 SM-T835 Samsung Galaxy Tab A 10.1 2018 Samsung Galaxy Tab E 8.0 2018 Huawei Mediapad M5 10 Pro $643.00 Huawei Mediapad M5 10 $468.00. Laptop Specifications Dell XPS 13 9370 XPS9370-7170GLD-PUS Laptop $1,549.00 Dell XPS 13 9370 XPS9370-5156SLV-PUS Laptop $1,299.00 Xiaomi Air 13.3 Intel Core i7 Notebook $976.99 Asus A541UJ7200 Notebook $739.99 Asus A541UV7100 Notebook $609.99 Acer Predator 21 X $8,999.00. Recent Compares Alcatel 3 vs Alcatel 3x vs Alcatel 3v View Comparison → Alcatel 1x vs Alcatel 3v vs Alcatel 3x View Comparison → Nokia 8 Pro vs Nokia 7 Plus View Comparison →. Top Rated Samsung Galaxy S9 Plus $839.99 Samsung Galaxy S9 Active Apple iPhone Xc Apple iPhone X Plus LG Signature Edition $1,800.00 Apple iPhone X $999.00. Brands 10.or 3 360 3 Acer 8 AGM 1 Alcatel 36 Allcall 1 Allview 20 Apple 11 Archos 38 Asus 46 AT&T 1 Blackberry 5 Blackview 24 Blu 45 Bluboo 8 BQ 21 Brandeis 1 Cagabi 2 CAT 5 Celkon 7 Changhong 0 Cherry Mobile 5 Coolpad 24 Cubot 5 Dell 2 DEXP 4 Doogee 16 Doopro 9 Doov 3 EL 1 Elephone 16 Energizer 1 Essential 1 Fly 20 Freetel 2 Geecoo 5 Geotel 1 Gionee 31 Google 4 Gooweel 2 Gretel 1 Hafury 3 Haier 6 Highscreen 3 Hisense 6 HomTom 7 HP 2 HTC 19 Huawei 93 IBall 3 iMAN 0 iNew 1 Infinix 3 Infocus 10 Innjoo 1 Intex 29 itel 4 Ivoomi 10 Jinga 4 Jivi 4 Karbonn 20 Kenxinda 8 Kingzone 1 Kodak 1 Konka 3 Koobee 1 Kyocera 11 Lava 11 Leagoo 12 LeEco 6 Lenovo 14 Lephone 4 LG 53 LYF 3 M-Tech 1 Meitu 3 Meizu 20 Micromax 33 Microsoft 2 Motorola 28 Noa 1 Nokia 25 Nomi 2 Nomu 2 OKWU 2 OnePlus 5 Oppo 28 Oukitel 15 Panasonic 24 Phicomm 3 Philips 10 Phonemax 4 Plum 3 Prestigio 26 Razer 1 Red 1 Runbo 1 Samsung 90 Sansui 1 Senseit 1 Sharp 18 Smartisan 3 Smartron 2 Sony 30 Spice 3 Sugar 10 Swipe 6 Symphony 8 T-Mobile 5 TCL 1 Teclast 1 Tecno 13 Texet 1 THL 1 TP-Link 5 Uhans 7 Ulefone 11 UMI 7 Unihertz 2 Vernee 7 Vertex 3 Vertu 0 Verykool 22 Videocon 5 Vivo 24 Vkworld 4 Vodafone 3 Vphone 1 Walton 2 Wiko 16 Wileyfox 1 Xgody 5 Xiaolajiao 13 Xiaomi 38 Xolo 4 YotaPhone 1 Yu 2 Zen 12 Ziox 6 Zopo 8 ZTE 72. Facebook Join us on Facebook Twitter Join us on Twitter Google+ Join us on Google Instagram Join us on Instagram Pinterest Join us on Pinterest. Mobitabspecs.com is a Tech Blog With Mobiles Tablets Laptops specifications, comparisons, Rumours full information and Resources. Mobiles Tablets Laptops News, Software Reviews, Daily exclusive Deals & Coupons and more.. Laptops 13 Mobiles 1396 Upcoming Mobiles 693 Tablets 101. Home Contact Us Disclaimer Privacy Policy Site Map Comparisons Compare Brands. 
more ... more .... more ... more .... Dimensions 5.67 x 2.87 x 0.39 inches (144.1 x 72.8 x 9.9 mm). Weight 5.33 oz (151 g) the average is 5.6 oz (159 g). Resolution 720 x 1280 pixels. Features Ambient light sensor, Proximity sensor. Pixel density - The pixel density of a display represents the number of pixels over an area of one inch. It’s measured in “pixels per inch”, or ppi. The higher the number, the more detailed and good-looking the display is.. Screen-to-body ratio - Shows what part of the frontal area of a phone its screen occupies.. Camcorder 1920x1080 (1080p HD) (30 fps). Quad-core, 1300 MHz, ARM Cortex-A7, 32-bit, 28 nm. System chip - Most modern handsets use an advanced chip that includes many of the device’s hardware modules like the processor, Wi-Fi, Bluetooth and sometimes even the wireless radio. This field shows what particular system chip (or System-on-a-Chip) is used in the phone.. Processor - The processor is the main computing component of a phone and is a major factor when it comes to the overall speed of the device. Some more powerful smartphones use dual-core and quad-core processors designed to deliver greater performance.. Graphics processor - The graphics processor is important for the smooth operation of the system and especially in games and other applications that may involve complex graphics and animations.. System memory - System memory, or RAM memory is the type of memory that the device uses to temporarily store data from the OS or currently-running apps. The more RAM available to the device, the better the performance will be when multiple or heavier programs are running.. Built-in storage - Bigger storage capacity allows you to keep more content saved onto your device, such as more applications, photos or video. Games and video content typically take up the biggest amount of storage space.. Storage expansion - Some handsets allow you to expand their storage capacity by using a memory expansion card – most often microSD. Expansion memory is mostly suitable for media storage, such as photo, video or music content.. Capacity - The bigger, the better! However, battery capacity is not the only factor that has an effect on battery life. Those include the chipset in use, the software running on the device, as well as the consumer's unique usage pattern.. Filter by Album, Artist, Genre, Playlists. Features Album art cover, Background playback. GSM 850, 900, 1800, 1900 MHz. UMTS 850, 900, 1700/2100, 1900, 2100 MHz. Data HSDPA+ (4G) 21.1 Mbit/s, HSPA, HSUPA, UMTS. Other features Voice dialing, Voice commands, Voice recording. Features Mass storage device, USB charging. Other VoIP, Tethering, Computer sync, OTA sync. Positioning - This field shows the positioning systems supported by the device. The most common types are GPS and A-GPS.. GPS - This is one of the most widespread global positioning technologies, developed and maintained by the U.S. It uses satellites in order to detect your location. A-GPS - A-GPS stands for Assisted GPS and is the industry standard for positioning and navigation. “Assisted” means that it can use local wireless networks, in addition to satellites, for quicker and more precise localization.. To see the full specifications with in-depth details click here.. Samsung Galaxy A8 (2018) Review 6.5. Sony Xperia XA2 and Xperia XA2 Ultra Review 7.8. Huawei Mate 10 Lite Review 8. Jabra Elite 65t wireless earphones Review 8.5. Samsung Galaxy Note 3 vs Samsung Galaxy Note 2. LG V30 Review 8.8. The Samsung Galaxy S9 and S9+ have game-changing cameras with variable aperture and 960fps slow-mo video recording. The Big Barcelona Camera Comparison: iPhone X vs Pixel 2 XL vs Note 8. Samsung Galaxy S9 and S9+ rumor review: Specs, design, features, price and release date. Sony presents Xperia XZ2 and XZ2 Compact: new design and Snapdragon 845. Galaxy S9 Exynos edition gets benchmarked against rivals!. Galaxy S9 first camera comparison vs iPhone X, V30, S8. Samsung Galaxy S9 & S9+ hands-on. MWC 2018: top smartphones to expect. Best smartphone you can buy in 2018. Allo is a quality app, but Google isn't giving it a real chance. All content (phone reviews, news, specs, info), design and layouts are Copyright 2001-2018 phoneArena.com. Reproduction in whole or in part or in any form or medium without written permission is prohibited! Privacy. 
more ... more .... more ... more .... MEMORY: 8 GB + MicroSD. Too little RAM memory (1 GB RAM). Low pixel density screen (294 ppi). The Blu Studio Pro Comes with a 5-inch 720p display, 1 GB of RAM, 8 GB of storage (microSD card slot is also present). The phone comes with a dual camera setup on the back with an 8-megapixel main sensor backed by a 2-megapixel unit and for the selfies there is a 5-megapixel snapper with flash.. Dimensions: 5.67 x 2.87 x 0.39 inches (144.1 x 72.8 x 9.9 mm). Weight: 5.33 oz (151 g) the average is 5.6 oz (159 g). Resolution: 720 x 1280 pixels. Features: Ambient light sensor, Proximity sensor. Pixel density - The pixel density of a display represents the number of pixels over an area of one inch. It’s measured in “pixels per inch”, or ppi. The higher the number, the more detailed and good-looking the display is.. Screen-to-body ratio - Shows what part of the frontal area of a phone its screen occupies.. Quad-core, 1300 MHz, ARM Cortex-A7, 32-bit, 28 nm. System chip - Most modern handsets use an advanced chip that includes many of the device’s hardware modules like the processor, Wi-Fi, Bluetooth and sometimes even the wireless radio. This field shows what particular system chip (or System-on-a-Chip) is used in the phone.. Processor - The processor is the main computing component of a phone and is a major factor when it comes to the overall speed of the device. Some more powerful smartphones use dual-core and quad-core processors designed to deliver greater performance.. Graphics processor - The graphics processor is important for the smooth operation of the system and especially in games and other applications that may involve complex graphics and animations.. System memory - System memory, or RAM memory is the type of memory that the device uses to temporarily store data from the OS or currently-running apps. The more RAM available to the device, the better the performance will be when multiple or heavier programs are running.. Built-in storage - Bigger storage capacity allows you to keep more content saved onto your device, such as more applications, photos or video. Games and video content typically take up the biggest amount of storage space.. Storage expansion - Some handsets allow you to expand their storage capacity by using a memory expansion card – most often microSD. Expansion memory is mostly suitable for media storage, such as photo, video or music content.. Capacity - The bigger, the better! However, battery capacity is not the only factor that has an effect on battery life. Those include the chipset in use, the software running on the device, as well as the consumer's unique usage pattern.. Multimedia Screen mirroring: Wireless screen share. Filter by: Album, Artist, Genre, Playlists. Features: Album art cover, Background playback. Cellular GSM: 850, 900, 1800, 1900 MHz. UMTS: 850, 900, 1700/2100, 1900, 2100 MHz. Data: HSDPA+ (4G) 21.1 Mbit/s, HSPA, HSUPA, UMTS. Other features: Voice dialing, Voice commands, Voice recording. Features: Mass storage device, USB charging. Other: VoIP, Tethering, Computer sync, OTA sync. Positioning - This field shows the positioning systems supported by the device. The most common types are GPS and A-GPS.. GPS - This is one of the most widespread global positioning technologies, developed and maintained by the U.S. It uses satellites in order to detect your location. A-GPS - A-GPS stands for Assisted GPS and is the industry standard for positioning and navigation. “Assisted” means that it can use local wireless networks, in addition to satellites, for quicker and more precise localization.. To see the full specifications with in-depth details click here.. Despite our efforts to provide full and correct BLU Studio Pro specifications, there is always a possibility of making a mistake. If you see any wrong or incomplete data, please LET US KNOW .. If you are interested in using our specs commercially, check out our Phone specs database licensing page.. Gear S4 may come with a blood pressure monitor, Samsung patent reveals. Google Pay launches today, but its most important feature is not here yet. Galaxy S9 and S9+ previewed in glorious detail with full specs and release date. Galaxy S9 and S9+ price and release date on Verizon, AT&T, T-Mobile and Best Buy. The Samsung Galaxy S9 and S9+ have game-changing cameras with variable aperture and 960fps slow-mo video recording. The Big Barcelona Camera Comparison: iPhone X vs Pixel 2 XL vs Note 8. Samsung Galaxy S9 and S9+ rumor review: Specs, design, features, price and release date. Sony presents Xperia XZ2 and XZ2 Compact: new design and Snapdragon 845. Galaxy S9 Exynos edition gets benchmarked against rivals!. Galaxy S9 first camera comparison vs iPhone X, V30, S8. Samsung Galaxy S9 & S9+ hands-on. MWC 2018: top smartphones to expect. Best smartphone you can buy in 2018. Allo is a quality app, but Google isn't giving it a real chance. All content (phone reviews, news, specs, info), design and layouts are Copyright 2001-2018 phoneArena.com. Reproduction in whole or in part or in any form or medium without written permission is prohibited! Privacy. 
Home All Brands Top 10 Mobile Phones Latest News Latest Mobiles Phones Upcoming Mobiles Phones Model Finder Technology Blog. BLU Studio Pro (Full Device Specifications). » Specifications » 360° View » Pictures » Photo Quality. BLU Studio Pro Officially Announced :. Black , Gold , Gray , Rose Gold Price : --- 10 out of 10. : ( 70 Ratings). BLU Studio Pro Release September 2017, weight 151g, 5” IPS LCD Capacitive TouchScreen , 8.0 MP Camera, Bluetooth 4.1,Wi-Fi Price in February 2018. GSM 850 , GSM 900 , GSM 1800 , GSM 1900 GSM 3G Bands :. HSDPA 850 , HSDPA 900 , HSDPA 1700 , HSDPA 1900 , HSDPA 2100 Operating System :. Quad Core Processor Processor Speed :. 1 GB Memory Card Slot :. 144 x 74 x 10 mm , Exactly 144.1 x 72.8 x 9.9 mm Slim/Thin :. 9 mm , (9.9 mm Thick) Weight :. Accelerometer , Ambient Light , Proximity Sensor Dedicated Keys :. Volume , Power Device Security :. Device Password Lock , Device Pattern Lock , Slide Lock , PIN code Lock. IPS LCD Capacitive TouchScreen Screen Protection :. Scratch Resistant , 2.5D Curved Glass Display Colors :. 16M Colors Pixel density range :. 276 to 300 ppi , (~294 ppi Pixel Density) Screen Resolution :. 720 x 1280 pixels (HD) Display Size :. 5 Inch Screen To Body Ratio :. 61 to 70 Percent , (~65.7% screen-to-body-ratio) Multi Touch Support :. Yes Ringtone or Alert Type :. Vibration , MP3 ringtones , WAV. 8.0 MP , + 2 MP (Dual Cameras) Camera Flash LED :. 5.0 MP Front Camera Flash :. Yes , (Single LED Flash) Geo-Tagging :. With 1080p 3G or Video Call :. With Wireless Connection Video Quality :. Autofocus , Touch focus , Face Detection , Smile detection , HDR , Face Beauty , Gesture Shot , Low Light Mode , Bokeh Mode, Blur Mode,. WAV , AAC , AMR , MP3 , WMA , MIDI , FLAC , OGG Video Format :. 3GP , H.264 , MKV , MOV , DivX , AVI , WMV , FLV , MP4 , H.263 3.5mm Headphone Jack :. HSDPA 21 Mbps , HSPA plus Browser Name :. Google Chrome Browser WiFi Support :. Wi-Fi 802.11 b/g/n , WiFi Direct Hot Spot :. microUSB 2.0 NFC (Near Field Communication) :. Calculator , Notes , To-do list , Blu Help, Google Apps, VAS Apps. SMS , MMS , Email , Push Mail , IM , Hangouts GPS Tracking :. Li-Ion 2000 mAh Quick Charge :. 190 Hrs , (Unofficial) Talk Time :. 5 Hrs , (Unofficial) Music Playback :. Up to 7 Hrs Video Playback :. Dual Sim(Dual Standby) Aluminum Metal Back Cover Sandstone Pattern Finish Back Diamond Cut Polished Chamfer Edge Carriers Network Support Multi-Window Mode Rounded Edges. BLU Studio Pro Handset Battery 2000 mAh Charger Micro USB Data Cable 3.5mm Headset Quick User Guide Screen Protector Silicon Case. » Full Specifications » User Opinions & Review » Compare » Pictures » 360° View » Related Phones » Review » Related News » User Manual » Photo Quality » Video Quality Tweet Popularity and Rating Rate this Mobile Phone Design. 0 1 2 3 4 5 Features. 0 1 2 3 4 5 Performance. 0 1 2 3 4 5. Categories » 4G VoLTE Mobiles » Apple iOS Mobiles » Android 4G » Dual Camera Phone » Dual Sim Mobiles » Android Smartphone » Dual OS Smartphone » Android Dual Sim » Android One » Android CDMA » Tablet » Android Tablet » Windows 4G » Windows Mobiles » Windows Tablet » Smartphone » CDMA Phone » GSM & CDMA Phone » Dual OS Tablets » Dual SIM Qwerty » Ubuntu Tablet » Ubuntu Mobiles » Basic Dual Sim » Basic Phone » Qwerty Phones » Touch & Type » Triple Sim Mobile » Slide phones » Android Camera Top Brands » Samsung » Apple » Nokia » Google » Lenovo » Motorola » BlackBerry » Huawei » HTC » Alcatel » OnePlus » LG » Asus » Xiaomi » ZTE » Micromax » Oppo » Karbonn » Vivo » Acer » Intex » BLU » Gionee » Vodafone » Lava » All Brands. LG V30S+ ThinQ LG V30S ThinQ ZTE Blade V9 Vita Nokia 7 Plus Nokia 8 Sirocco Nokia 1 Samsung Galaxy S9+ SM-G965 Samsung Galaxy S9 SM-G960. LG V30S+ ThinQ LG V30S ThinQ ZTE Blade V9 Vita Nokia 7 Plus. BLU Studio Pro Announced February 2018, weight 158g, 6” OLED Capacitive Touch Screen, 16 MP Camera, Bluetooth 5.0,Wi-Fi Price in February 2018 View Full Specifications | Unboxing Pictures | Manual Download | 360 View. BLU Studio Pro Announced February 2018, weight 158g, 6” OLED Capacitive Touch Screen, 16 MP Camera, Bluetooth 5.0,Wi-Fi Price in February 2018 View Full Specifications | Unboxing Pictures | Manual Download | 360 View. BLU Studio Pro Announced February 2018, weight 145g, 5.45” IPS LCD Capacitive TouchScreen, 13 MP Camera, Bluetooth 4.1,Wi-Fi Price in February 2018 View Full Specifications | Unboxing Pictures | Manual Download | 360 View. BLU Studio Pro Announced February 2018, weight 155g, 6” IPS LCD Capacitive TouchScreen, 12 MP Camera, Bluetooth 5.0,Wi-Fi Price in February 2018 View Full Specifications | Unboxing Pictures | Manual Download | 360 View. Home | Privacy Policy. 
BLU Studio Pro The easiest way to keep your BLU Studio Pro safe against chafes, dirt, dust, grime and everyday wear damage is by using an IQ Shield protector. Each protector is precisely designed for your BLU Studio Pro to make certain that all of the required openings are incorporated to keep your device fully operational. The high quality protective film also features a protective UV layer that prevents the protector from turning yellow, allowing it to remain crystal clear. Each protector is invisible to the naked eye and the smooth surface makes it give the impression as if no protector is installed. Each protector can be easily installed and removed just as easily without ever leaving any residue or marks that will damage your device. Included with every IQ Shield protector pack for the BLU Studio Pro is an installation squeegee, a microfiber cleansing cloth, a protector for your device, and a set of detailed instructions to assist you through your installation. All IQ Shield protectors are backed by a lifetime warranty that will replace your protector free of charge should it ever wear or need to be replaced.. BLU Studio Pro LiQuid Shield Screen Protector. BLU Studio Pro LiQuid Shield Full Body Skin Protector. BLU Studio Pro Matte Screen Protector. BLU Studio Pro Matte Full Body Skin Protector. Amazon Apple BlackBerry HTC Huawei Google Kyocera LG Motorola Nokia Samsung Sony ZTE OTHER BRANDS. Amazon E-Books Amazon Phones Amazon Tablets Amazon Set-Top Boxes Amazon Speakers. Apple Laptops Apple mp3 Players Apple Phones Apple Tablets Apple Miscellaneous Apple Watches. HTC Phones HTC Tablets HTC Watches. Huawei Phones Huawei Tablets Huawei Watches. Google Laptops Google Phones Google Tablets Google Misc. LG Phones LG Tablets LG Watches LG Laptops. Motorola Phones Motorola Tablets Motorola Watches. Nokia Phones Nokia Tablets Nokia Watches. Samsung Cameras Samsung Laptops Samsung mp3 Players Samsung Phones Samsung Tablets Samsung Watches Samsung 3D Glasses. Sony Cameras Sony E-Books Sony Laptops Sony Phones Sony Tablets Sony Watches Sony PlayStation Sony PlayStation Portable. ZTE Phones ZTE Tablets ZTE Watches. 
Ver todos los videos en YouTube. BLU Studio Pro: Características y especificaciones. El BLU Studio Pro posee una pantalla HD de 5 pulgadas, procesador quad-core con 1GB de RAM y 8GB de almacenamiento expandible, cámara dual de 8 MP + 2 MP, batería de 2000 mAh y corre Android 7.0 Nougat.. BLU Studio Pro Características principales. Android 7.0 es el sistema operativo del BLU Studio Pro. , que en cuanto a dimensiones tiene un perfil de 9.9 mm. y un peso de 151 g.. En cuanto a sus características técnicas , el BLU Studio Pro tiene una pantalla de 5" con una resolución de 720 x 1280 pixels.. Dentro del BLU Studio Pro encontramos un procesador Mediatek MT6580 1.3GHz, acompañado de 1GB de memoria RAM.. También cuenta con 8GB de almacenamiento. y la memoria interna puede ser ampliada vía microSD. La cámara trasera del BLU Studio Pro tiene una resolución de Dual, 8MP+2MP. , y la energía es provista por una batería de 2000 mAh. .El BLU Studio Pro también tiene Radio FM. Pantalla 5", 720 x 1280 pixels Procesador Mediatek MT6580 1.3GHz 1GB RAM. 8GB, microSD Cámara: Dual, 8MP+2MP. OS: Android 7.0 Perfil: 9.9 mm Peso: 151 g. Reviews de usuarios del BLU Studio Pro. No hay experiencias de usuarios del BLU Studio Pro. BLU Studio Pro características avanzadas. Opina sobre el BLU Studio Pro. - GSM 850 / 900 / 1800 / 1900 (SIM 1 & SIM 2) - HSDPA 850 / 900 / 1700 / 1900 / 2100. 144.1 x 72.8 x 9.9 mm. LCD IPS touchscreen capacitivo, 16M colores. 720 x 1280 pixels, 5.0 pulgadas. - Sensor acelerómetro para auto rotación. - Conector de audio 3.5 mm. Entradas y campos prácticamente ilimitados, Foto de llamada. - 1GB RAM, 8GB almacenamiento interno. - Procesador Mediatek MT6580 quad-core 1.3GHz, GPU Mali-400. SMS, MMS, Email, Push Mail, IM. Dual, 8 MP + 2 MP, flash LED dual, geo-tagging, foco táctil, detección de rostro, video 1080p@30fps, cámara frontal 5 MP, flash LED. - Wi-Fi 802.11 b/g/n; Wi-Fi Direct. - 3G HSDPA 21Mbps / HSUPA 5.76Mbps. Hasta 650 h (2G) / Hasta 550 h (3G). Hasta 24 h (2G) / Hasta 12 h (3G). Opiniones y Comentarios BLU Studio Pro. No hay opiniones para el BLU Studio Pro. Sé el primero en dejar una opinión sobre el BLU Studio Pro .. Tu experiencia o preguntas sobre el BLU Studio Pro. - Sé preciso en la pregunta sobre el BLU Studio Pro. - Cuenta tus experiencias positivas y negativas. - No insultes, ni uses palabras groseras, si es así probablemente tu opinión se elimine. - Recuerda que smartGSM NO vende móviles ni celulares. Tu opinión vale! Recomienda (o no!) al BLU Studio Pro a otros usuarios. Sony presenta dos nuevos flagships con nuevo lenguaje de diseño: los esperados Sony Xperia XZ2 y Xperia XZ2 Compact. Una alternativa más confiable para desbloquear la pantalla del Samsung Galaxy S9/S9+: Intelligent Scan. Dos propuestas de mediana a baja gama de ZTE: Blade V9 y Blade V9 VITA, dos modelos con ligeras diferencias. Podría ocurrir que se repitan en otro lado, pero las cámaras del Samsung Galaxy S9/S9+ son algo único. Presentación oficial: el Samsung Galaxy S9/S9+ no viene con muchas sorpresas, pero igualmente deslumbra. SmartGSM es una de las comunidades de habla hispana más grandes sobre teléfonos celulares. Fundado en el 2004, smartGSM cubre todas las noticias y novedades sobre telefonía móvil y provee características de teléfonos celulares, smartphones, tablets y wearables. smartGSM cuenta con una comunidad de usuarios que reflejan sus experiencias, opiniones y críticas sobre teléfonos celulares y tablets.. Las especificaciones de los celulares son a título informativo y pueden variar. smartGSM no se responsabiliza del uso de las mismas.. Copyright © 2004 - 2018 smart-gsm.com. 
Hi ( Sign in to bid or buy) Daily Deals Gift Cards Help & Contact Sell. Summary Recently Viewed Bids/Offers Watch List Purchase History Selling Saved Searches Saved Sellers Messages. People who viewed this item also viewed. Unlocked Dual SIM Smartphone 5 Inch Display, 4G LTE GSM, Android6.0, Octa-Core. Android6.0 Octa Core 4G+2G 4G GSM WiFi Bluetooth Dual SIM Dual Camera Smartphone. BLU Grand X LTE (8GB) 5.0" 4G Dual SIM Factory Unlocked Android 7.0 G0010WW NEW. BLU Studio View XL S790Q 16GB Unlocked GSM Dual-SIM 13MP Phone - Silver. BLU Studio Mega 8GB 6.0" Android 7.0 Dual SIM GSM Factory Unlocked Smartphone. BLU Studio Studio Pro Unlocked Cell Phone Android V.7.0(Nougat) 5.0" Screen-8GB. Photos not available for this variation. Mouse over to Zoom - Click to enlarge. Upgrading? Sell it, don't trade it. BLU Studio Studio Pro Unlocked Cell Phone Android V.7.0(Nougat) 5.0" Screen-8GB. Share on Facebook - opens in a new window or tab. Share on Twitter - opens in a new window or tab. Share on Pinterest - opens in a new window or tab. Ships in a business day with tracking. - opens in a new window or tab Learn more. tojo0308 has no other items for sale.. Please enter a quantity of $qty_dummy$ or less. Please enter a quantity of 1. Purchases are limited to $qty_dummy$ per buyer. Please enter quantity of 1 or more. Choose quantity that is less than $qty_dummy1$ or equal to $qty_dummy$. You can only choose quantity that is equal to $qty_dummy$. May not ship to Singapore. Read item description or contact seller for shipping options. help icon for Shipping - opens a layer. This amount includes applicable customs duties, taxes, brokerage and other fees. This amount is subject to change until you make payment. For additional information, see the Global Shipping Program terms and conditions - opens in a new window or tab. This amount includes applicable customs duties, taxes, brokerage and other fees. This amount is subject to change until you make payment. If you reside in an EU member state besides UK, import VAT on this purchase is not recoverable. For additional information, see the Global Shipping Program terms and conditions - opens in a new window or tab. No additional import charges on delivery. Apply Now - opens in a new window or tab. See terms - opens in a new window or tab. An error occurred, please try again.. Any international shipping is paid in part to Pitney Bowes Inc. Learn More - opens in a new window or tab. International shipping and import charges paid to Pitney Bowes Inc. Learn More - opens in a new window or tab. Any international shipping and import charges are paid in part to Pitney Bowes Inc. Learn More - opens in a new window or tab. International shipping paid to Pitney Bowes Inc. Learn More - opens in a new window or tab. Any international shipping is paid in part to Pitney Bowes Inc. Learn More - opens in a new window or tab. Covered by eBay Money Back Guarantee. See details - opens in a new window or tab. Get the item you ordered or get your money back. Covers your purchase price and original shipping.. Report item - opens in a new window or tab. Seller assumes all responsibility for this listing.. 3G Data Capable, 4G Data Capable, Dual SIM. New: A brand-new, unused, unopened, undamaged item in its original packaging (where packaging is. Packaging should be the same as what is found in a retail store, unless the item is handmade or was packaged by the manufacturer in non-retail packaging, such as an unprinted box or plastic bag. See the seller's listing for full details. See all condition definitions - opens in a new window or tab. Seller assumes all responsibility for this listing.. The seller has not specified a shipping method to Singapore. Contact the seller - opens in a new window or tab and request shipping to your location.. Please enter a valid ZIP Code.. Item location: Miami, Florida, United States. No additional import charges at delivery!. This item will be shipped through the Global Shipping Program and includes international tracking. Learn more - opens in a new window or tab. Please enter a number less than or equal to 8.. Please enter a valid ZIP Code.. Please enter 5 or 9 numbers for the ZIP Code.. Will usually ship within 1 business day of receiving cleared payment - opens in a new window or tab .. Seller charges sales tax for items shipped to: FL (7.0%).. After receiving the item, contact seller within. Pay for your purchases when it's right for you. Choose PayPal Credit to pay all at once or enjoy the flexibility of paying over time with special financing offers.. For example, if your purchase qualifies, you could enjoy No Payments + No Interest if paid in full in 6 months on $99+.. Interest will be charged on your account from the posting date (which is usually within a few days after the purchase date) if the purchase balance is not paid in full within the promotional period. See terms - opens in a new window or tab. Other offers may be available from time to time.. The lender for PayPal Credit accounts is Comenity Capital Bank.. Immediate payment required for this item. Immediate payment of US $79.87 is required.. What’s the Difference Between iOS and Android? ,. How to Buy a Bar Phone on eBay ,. What's the Difference Between GSM and CDMA Cell Phones? ,. Samsung Galaxy S5 Buying Guide ,. How to Choose an Android Phone ,. The Pros and Cons of the Samsung Galaxy S5 ,. How to Choose a Touch Watch to Pair With Your Android. Android BLU Studio 5.5 Unlocked Cell Phones & Smartphones ,. Unlocked BLU Studio XL Android Cell Phones & Smartphones ,. Android BLU Studio 6.0 Unlocked Cell Phones & Smartphones ,. Android BLU Studio 5.0 Unlocked Cell Phones & Smartphones ,. Unlocked 8GB BLU Studio 5.0 Cell Phones & Smartphones ,. Android BLU Studio 7.0 Unlocked Cell Phones & Smartphones. Site Map Copyright © 1995-2018 eBay Inc. Accessibility , User Agreement , Privacy , Cookies and AdChoice Norton Secured - powered by Verisign. 
Hi! Get more out of Walmart.com. Stretch your tax refund FREE Grocery Pickup See All Departments. Reorder Items Pickup Today Track Order Your Account Your Local Store Store Finder. Shop Electronics Smart Home Wearable Tech Cameras & Camcorders Walmart for Business Video Games. Shop all TV & Video TVs DVD & Blu-ray Players Home Audio & Theater TV Accessories. Shop all Cell Phones Straight Talk Phones Unlocked Phones Contract Phones No-Contract Phones Prepaid Minutes & Data Cases & Accessories. Shop all iPad & Tablets iPad Windows Tablets Android Tablets Accessories. Shop all Computers Laptops Desktops PC Gaming Printers & Supplies Networking Software Monitors Accessories. Shop all Auto Electronics GPS & Navigation. Shop all Portable Audio iPod & MP3 Players Headphones Speakers & Docks. Shop all Office Supplies Office Electronics School Supplies. Star Wars Marvel: Avengers Musical Instruments Computer Software. Shop all Movies & TV 2-Day Shipping Action & Adventure Blu-ray Discs Boxed Sets Children & Family Instawatch Movie DVDs New Releases Preorders TV Shows. Shop all Music 2-Day Shipping Music Gift Cards Country Music Soundtracks Vinyl New Releases Pop R&B / Soul Rock Top 100 CDs. Shop all Books Deals in books Preorders New Releases Biographies & Memoirs Children's Books Christian Books & Bibles Cookbooks, Food & Wine Comics & Graphic Novels Crafts & Hobbies Humor Literature & Fiction Health and Wellness Teen & Young Adult. Shop all Shop By Room Living Room Bedroom Bathroom Dining Room Kitchen Kids' Room Teens' Room Patio Entryway Office. Shop all Shop By Category Appliances Bath Bedding Furniture Home Decor Kids’ Bedding Kids’ Furniture Kitchen & Dining Lighting Mattresses Patio & Garden Rugs Storage & Organization Vacuums & Floor Care Window Coverings. Shop all Brand Shops KitchenAid Better Homes and Gardens The Pioneer Woman Mainstays. Shop all Specialty Shops Home Gift Guide Back to College Shop by Style. Shop All Home Improvement Bathroom Renovations Kitchen Renovations Water Purification Generators Garage & Storage. Shop all Air Quality Dehumidifiers Humidifiers. Shop all Tools Power Tools Hand Tools. Shop all Heating & Cooling Heaters Fireplaces Stoves. Shop all Paint Interior & Exterior Paint Ladders. Shop all Patio & Garden Patio Furniture Patio & Outdoor Decor Sheds & Outdoor Storage Outdoor Shade Grills & Outdoor Cooking Outdoor Heating Swimming Pools Hot Tubs & Saunas. Shop all Garden Center Outdoor Power Equipment Landscaping Pots & Planters. Shop all Industrial & Scientific Janitorial & Sanitation Supplies Food Service Equipment. Shop All Clothing Intimates & Sleepwear All Shoes Boys' Girls' Swim Shop Spring Fashion Activewear Shop School Uniforms Precious Metals Bags & Accessories Luggage Sleepwear Shop Premium Beauty Fashion Brands Clearance & More. Shop all Women's Women's Plus Juniors' Maternity Women's Shoes. Shop all Jewelry Wedding & Engagement Watches Fine Jewelry Fashion Jewelry Personalized Jewelry. Shop all Men's Men's Big & Tall Young Men's Men's Shoes Men's Jewelry. Shop all Baby & Toddlers' Baby Girl Baby Boy Toddler Girl Toddler Boy Baby & Kids' Shoes. Shop All Baby Baby Deals Parent's Choice Britax Premium Brands Restock Shop Baby Registry Baby Box Strollers Car Seats Baby & Toddler Clothing. Shop all Diapering & Potty Diapers Wipes Diaper Bags. Shop all Feeding Breast Feeding Bottle Feeding Baby Formula Baby Food Toddler Feeding Bibs & Burp Cloths. Shop all Nursery & Décor Cribs Furniture Bedding Décor. Shop all Toddler Room Furniture Bedding. Shop all Play & Travel Gear Playstations & Walkers Playards Swings Carriers & Wraps Baby & Toddler Toys. Shop all Health & Safety Bath Baby Gates Baby Monitors Baby Care. Toys Savings Musical Instruments Boys' Toys Girls' Toys Xbox One X Retro Gaming. Shop all Toys Action Figures Dolls & Dollhouses Cars, Drones & RC LEGO & Building Sets Pretend Play Arts & Crafts Electronics for Kids Learning Toys Nerf & Blasters Stuffed Animals & Plush Games & Puzzles. Shop all Bikes & Ride-Ons Kids' Bikes Ride-On Toys Hoverboards. Shop all Outdoor Play Swing Sets Trampolines. Shop all Shop by Age Preschool 5-7 8-11 12+. Shop all Video Games Virtual Reality New Releases PlayStation 4 Xbox One Nintendo Switch Accessories Digital Gaming Nintendo 3DS / 2DS Nintendo Wii U / Wii PlayStation VR Preorders Used Games. Restock Shop Fresh Flowers Meal Kits & Specialty Food Boxes Grocery Pickup & Delivery. Shop all Shop All Food Coffee Beverages Snacks & Cookies Breakfast & Cereal Meals Condiments Pasta Candy & Gum Soups Canned Goods Emergency Food Baking Center International Food. Shop all Household Essentials Laundry Room Kitchen Bathroom Paper & Plastic Cleaning Supplies Air Fresheners Batteries Pest Control As Seen On TV Light Bulbs. Shop all Shop All Pets Cats Dogs Fish Small Animals Birds Equine Reptiles. Shop all Clearance & Rollbacks Food Household Essentials Pets. Shop all Beauty Makeup Skin Care Fragrances Beauty Tools Hair Care Premium Beauty. Shop all Brands We Love Flower Culturelle OralB Braun ReliOn. Shop all Personal Care Feminine Care Incontinence. Shop all Shave Electric Shavers Razors. Shop all Oral Care Electric Toothbrushes Water Flossers. Shop all Bath & Body Lotions Body Wash. Shop all Vision Center Prescription Eyewear Contact Lenses. Shop all Health Medicine Cabinet Cold, Cough and Flu Digestive Health Home Health Care Diabetes Management. Shop all Wellness Supplements Protein & Fitness Weight Management Aromatherapy. Shop all Pharmacy Refill Prescriptions Transfer Prescriptions. Shop All Sports Outdoor Sports Emergency Prep Ozark Trail Hunting Trampolines Game Room Basketball Sports Fanshop. Shop all Camping Tents Airbeds Canopies & Shelters. Shop all Fishing Rod & Reel Combos. Shop all Boats & Water Sports Canoes, Kayaks & Boats. Shop all Recreation Bikes Lawn Games Air Soft Air Guns Golf. Shop all Team Sports Baseball & Softball Football. Shop all Exercise & Fitness Boxing Mixed Martial Arts. Shop all Exercise Machines Treadmills Bikes Ellipticals Home Gyms. Shop all Strength and Weight Training Fitness Accessories Ab & Core Toners. Shop All Auto Tires Batteries & Accessories Diagnostic Tools Auto Paint & Accessories Auto Interior Auto Exterior Windshield Wipers Motorcycles & ATVs RV Parts & Accessories Auto Detailing & Car Care Auto Services. Shop all Oils & Fluids Motor Oil Antifreeze & Coolants Transmission, Brake, & Steering Fluids. Shop all Automotive Tools & Equipment Car Battery Chargers & Accessories. Shop all Auto Electronics Car DVD & Video Car Stereos Car Speakers & Subwoofers Power Inverters Dash Cams. Shop all Auto Body Repair Auto Repair Tools. Shop all Auto Replacement Parts Oil Filters Engine Air Filters Spark Plugs Brake Parts. Shop all Photo Center Available Same Day Blankets Calendars Canvas & Wall Art Cards & Invitations Home Decor & Gifts Jewelry & Clothing Mugs Office Phone Cases Photo Books Pillows Posters Prints. Shop all Personalized Shop Easter Rollbacks & Clearance Wedding Invitations Wedding Sweepstakes Graduation Home Decor Clothing & Accessories Bedding & Bath Kitchen & Dining Kids Character Shop. Shop all Personalized Jewelry Rings Necklaces Class Rings. Shop all Gift Cards Mail a Gift Card Email a Gift Card Specialty Gift Cards Check Card Balances Corporate Gift Card Program. Shop all Gift Registry Baby Registry Wedding Registry Lists. Craft Tips & Ideas Costumes & Dress Up Party Ideas & Recipes Christmas Decor Savings Birthday Shop Wedding Shop Valentine's Day Plush. Shop all Arts, Crafts & Sewing Art & Drawing Supplies Beading & Jewelry Crafting Die Cutting Machines Sewing Fabric Scrapbooking Supplies Artificial Plants & Flowers Knitting & Crochet Yarn Craft Furniture & Storage. Shop all Party & Occasions Baking & Pastry Supplies Balloons Cards & Invitations Disposable Tableware Giftwrap & Supplies Party Decorations Party Favors Pinatas. Shop all Party Themes Themed Party Sets Anniversary Baby Shower Halloween Christmas Decor. Stretch your tax refund FREE Grocery Pickup Electronics & Office Movies, Music & Books Home, Furniture & Appliances Home Improvement & Patio Clothing, Shoes & Jewelry Baby & Toddler Toys & Video Games Food, Household & Pets Pharmacy, Health & Beauty Sports, Fitness & Outdoors Auto & Tires Photo & Personalized Shop Sewing, Crafts & Party Supplies See All Departments. Baby Registry Wedding Registry Classroom Supplies. TV & Video TVs DVD & Blu-ray Players Home Audio & Theater TV Accessories. Cell Phones Straight Talk Phones Unlocked Phones Contract Phones No-Contract Phones Prepaid Minutes & Data Cases & Accessories. iPad & Tablets iPad Windows Tablets Android Tablets Accessories. Computers Laptops Desktops PC Gaming Printers & Supplies Networking Software Monitors Accessories. Portable Audio iPod & MP3 Players Headphones Speakers & Docks. Office Supplies Office Electronics School Supplies. Movies & TV 2-Day Shipping Action & Adventure Blu-ray Discs Boxed Sets Children & Family Instawatch Movie DVDs New Releases Preorders TV Shows. Music 2-Day Shipping Music Gift Cards Country Music Soundtracks Vinyl New Releases Pop R&B / Soul Rock Top 100 CDs. Books Deals in books Preorders New Releases Biographies & Memoirs Children's Books Christian Books & Bibles Cookbooks, Food & Wine Comics & Graphic Novels Crafts & Hobbies Humor Literature & Fiction Health and Wellness Teen & Young Adult. Shop By Room Living Room Bedroom Bathroom Dining Room Kitchen Kids' Room Teens' Room Patio Entryway Office. Shop By Category Appliances Bath Bedding Furniture Home Decor Kids’ Bedding Kids’ Furniture Kitchen & Dining Lighting Mattresses Patio & Garden Rugs Storage & Organization Vacuums & Floor Care Window Coverings. Brand Shops KitchenAid Better Homes and Gardens The Pioneer Woman Mainstays. Specialty Shops Home Gift Guide Back to College Shop by Style. Industrial & Scientific Janitorial & Sanitation Supplies Food Service Equipment. Heating & Cooling Heaters Fireplaces Stoves. Paint Interior & Exterior Paint Ladders. Patio & Garden Patio Furniture Patio & Outdoor Decor Sheds & Outdoor Storage Outdoor Shade Grills & Outdoor Cooking Outdoor Heating Swimming Pools Hot Tubs & Saunas. Garden Center Outdoor Power Equipment Landscaping Pots & Planters. Women's Women's Plus Juniors' Maternity Women's Shoes. Jewelry Wedding & Engagement Watches Fine Jewelry Fashion Jewelry Personalized Jewelry. Men's Men's Big & Tall Young Men's Men's Shoes Men's Jewelry. Baby & Toddlers' Baby Girl Baby Boy Toddler Girl Toddler Boy Baby & Kids' Shoes. Diapering & Potty Diapers Wipes Diaper Bags. Feeding Breast Feeding Bottle Feeding Baby Formula Baby Food Toddler Feeding Bibs & Burp Cloths. Nursery & Décor Cribs Furniture Bedding Décor. Play & Travel Gear Playstations & Walkers Playards Swings Carriers & Wraps Baby & Toddler Toys. Health & Safety Bath Baby Gates Baby Monitors Baby Care. Toys Action Figures Dolls & Dollhouses Cars, Drones & RC LEGO & Building Sets Pretend Play Arts & Crafts Electronics for Kids Learning Toys Nerf & Blasters Stuffed Animals & Plush Games & Puzzles. Bikes & Ride-Ons Kids' Bikes Ride-On Toys Hoverboards. Shop by Age Preschool 5-7 8-11 12+. Video Games Virtual Reality New Releases PlayStation 4 Xbox One Nintendo Switch Accessories Digital Gaming Nintendo 3DS / 2DS Nintendo Wii U / Wii PlayStation VR Preorders Used Games. Shop All Food Coffee Beverages Snacks & Cookies Breakfast & Cereal Meals Condiments Pasta Candy & Gum Soups Canned Goods Emergency Food Baking Center International Food. Household Essentials Laundry Room Kitchen Bathroom Paper & Plastic Cleaning Supplies Air Fresheners Batteries Pest Control As Seen On TV Light Bulbs. Meal Kits & Specialty Food Boxes. Shop All Pets Cats Dogs Fish Small Animals Birds Equine Reptiles. Clearance & Rollbacks Food Household Essentials Pets. Beauty Makeup Skin Care Fragrances Beauty Tools Hair Care Premium Beauty. Brands We Love Flower Culturelle OralB Braun ReliOn. Oral Care Electric Toothbrushes Water Flossers. Bath & Body Lotions Body Wash. Vision Center Prescription Eyewear Contact Lenses. Health Medicine Cabinet Cold, Cough and Flu Digestive Health Home Health Care Diabetes Management. Wellness Supplements Protein & Fitness Weight Management Aromatherapy. Camping Tents Airbeds Canopies & Shelters. Fishing Rod & Reel Combos. Boats & Water Sports Canoes, Kayaks & Boats. Recreation Bikes Lawn Games Air Soft Air Guns Golf. Team Sports Baseball & Softball Football. Exercise & Fitness Boxing Mixed Martial Arts. Exercise Machines Treadmills Bikes Ellipticals Home Gyms. Strength and Weight Training Fitness Accessories Ab & Core Toners. Oils & Fluids Motor Oil Antifreeze & Coolants Transmission, Brake, & Steering Fluids. Automotive Tools & Equipment Car Battery Chargers & Accessories. Auto Electronics Car DVD & Video Car Stereos Car Speakers & Subwoofers Power Inverters Dash Cams. Auto Body Repair Auto Repair Tools. Auto Replacement Parts Oil Filters Engine Air Filters Spark Plugs Brake Parts. Photo Center Available Same Day Blankets Calendars Canvas & Wall Art Cards & Invitations Home Decor & Gifts Jewelry & Clothing Mugs Office Phone Cases Photo Books Pillows Posters Prints. Personalized Shop Easter Rollbacks & Clearance Wedding Invitations Wedding Sweepstakes Graduation Home Decor Clothing & Accessories Bedding & Bath Kitchen & Dining Kids Character Shop. Personalized Jewelry Rings Necklaces Class Rings. Gift Cards Mail a Gift Card Email a Gift Card Specialty Gift Cards Check Card Balances Corporate Gift Card Program. Gift Registry Baby Registry Wedding Registry Lists. Arts, Crafts & Sewing Art & Drawing Supplies Beading & Jewelry Crafting Die Cutting Machines Sewing Fabric Scrapbooking Supplies Artificial Plants & Flowers Knitting & Crochet Yarn Craft Furniture & Storage. Party & Occasions Baking & Pastry Supplies Balloons Cards & Invitations Disposable Tableware Giftwrap & Supplies Party Decorations Party Favors Pinatas. Party Themes Themed Party Sets Anniversary Baby Shower Halloween Christmas Decor. All Departments Auto & Tires Baby Beauty Books Cell Phones Clothing Electronics Food. Gifts & Registry Health Home Home Improvement Household Essentials Jewelry Movies Music Office. Party & Occasions Patio & Garden Pets Pharmacy Photo Center Sports & Outdoors Toys Video Games. FREE Grocery Pickup FREE 2-Day Shipping Shop smart with our app Get your flu shot today Stretch your tax refund. FREE Grocery Pickup FREE 2-Day Shipping Shop smart with our app Get your flu shot today Stretch your tax refund. Pickup Today Grocery Pickup Weekly Ads Credit Card Track Order Help. Cell Phones Shop Phones by Operating System Android. BLU Studio Pro 5.0" Smartphone 8GB GSM Unlocked Dual SIM 8MP Android S750p Black. Average rating: out of 5 stars, based on reviews Write a review ratings. This button opens a dialog that displays additional images for this product with the option to zoom in or out.. BLU Studio Pro 5.0" Smartphone 8GB GSM Unlocked Dual SIM 8MP Android S750p Black. Tell us if something is incorrect. 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12. Tell us if something is incorrect. BLU Studio Pro 5.0" Smartphone 8GB GSM Unlocked Dual SIM 8MP Android S750p Black. Get specific details about this product from customers who own it.. Be the first to review this item!. Average rating: 0 out of 5 stars, based on reviews. See any care plans, options and policies that may be associated with this product.. Electrode, Comp-283873861, DC-prod-dfw6, ENV-prod-a, PROF-PROD, VER-21.17.3-rc-1, SHA-c37438843926f3cccffc1b3ed5e62a5a7012bec8, CID-. Help Feedback MoneyCenter Privacy & Security CA Privacy Rights Terms of Use. See All Services Walmart MoneyCenter Walmart Credit Card Product Care Plans Walmart Pay. About Walmart.com Corporate Suppliers Sell on Walmart.com Careers @WalmartLabs The Walmart Digital Museum. Terms of Use About Our Ads Affiliate Program CA Privacy Rights Privacy & Security. Returns Policy Product Recalls Int’l Customers Tax Exempt Program Contact Us Feedback Store Pickup. Electronics Toys Video Games Home Products Clothing Sports & Outdoors Baby Products. 
FREE SHIPPING TO THE UNITED STATES. Skinomi TechSkin™ for BLU Studio Pro. Home // Shop By Category // Cell Phones // BLU // BLU Studio Pro. Skinomi.com provides BLU Studio Pro accessories and protective solutions. Our arsenal of protective films offer a durable alternative to bulky BLU Studio Pro hard cases. These films include BLU Studio Pro Screen Protectors and BLU Studio Pro Skin Protectors. TechSkin is the best solution for maximum scratch protection for your device. It is the toughest scratch protection film in the world made of the same material used to protect luxury cars, military aircrafts and NASA space shuttles. TechSkin has the ability to resist some of the highest level of abrasion combined with "self healing" capabilities. This advancement in protection technology will keep your BLU Studio Pro looking new and stunning. Skinomi prides itself as a provider of top quality products that entail impeccable customer service. We are committed to exceed our customers' expectations with our product innovation, fast order processing, and unrivaled support. Through constant research and development, our team is dedicated in bringing you the best BLU Studio Pro Screen Protector and BLU Studio Pro Skin Protector in the market.. itemId=sk32118-studio-pro-phone-screen-protector|~|priceRange=1|~|color=|~|size=|~|orderable=T|~|call-to-order=|~|call-for-price=|~|hasOptions=F|~|isOrganic=F|~|isNew=F|~|bestseller=|~|name=BLU Studio Pro TechSkin Screen Protector|~|brand=|~|rating=0|~|ratingCount=0|~|price=7.85|~|priceReg=7.85|~|priceSale=|~|image=https://sep.yimg.com/ay/yhst-38148694942392/blu-studio-pro-techskin-screen-protector-20.gif BLU Studio Pro TechSkin Screen Protector. itemId=sk32119-studio-pro-phone-skin-protector|~|priceRange=1|~|color=|~|size=|~|orderable=T|~|call-to-order=|~|call-for-price=|~|hasOptions=F|~|isOrganic=F|~|isNew=F|~|bestseller=|~|name=BLU Studio Pro TechSkin Full Body Skin Protector|~|brand=|~|rating=0|~|ratingCount=0|~|price=15.95|~|priceReg=15.95|~|priceSale=|~|image=https://sep.yimg.com/ay/yhst-38148694942392/blu-studio-pro-techskin-full-body-skin-protector-24.gif BLU Studio Pro TechSkin Full Body Skin Protector. itemId=sk32120-studio-pro-phone-black-carbon-protector|~|priceRange=1|~|color=|~|size=|~|orderable=T|~|call-to-order=|~|call-for-price=|~|hasOptions=F|~|isOrganic=F|~|isNew=F|~|bestseller=|~|name=BLU Studio Pro TechSkin Black Carbon Fiber Skin|~|brand=|~|rating=0|~|ratingCount=0|~|price=15.95|~|priceReg=15.95|~|priceSale=|~|image=https://sep.yimg.com/ay/yhst-38148694942392/blu-studio-pro-techskin-black-carbon-fiber-skin-24.gif BLU Studio Pro TechSkin Black Carbon Fiber Skin. itemId=sk32121-studio-pro-phone-silver-carbon-protector|~|priceRange=1|~|color=|~|size=|~|orderable=T|~|call-to-order=|~|call-for-price=|~|hasOptions=F|~|isOrganic=F|~|isNew=F|~|bestseller=|~|name=BLU Studio Pro TechSkin Silver Carbon Fiber Skin|~|brand=|~|rating=0|~|ratingCount=0|~|price=15.95|~|priceReg=15.95|~|priceSale=|~|image=https://sep.yimg.com/ay/yhst-38148694942392/blu-studio-pro-techskin-silver-carbon-fiber-skin-24.gif BLU Studio Pro TechSkin Silver Carbon Fiber Skin. itemId=sk32122-studio-pro-phone-gold-carbon-protector|~|priceRange=1|~|color=|~|size=|~|orderable=T|~|call-to-order=|~|call-for-price=|~|hasOptions=F|~|isOrganic=F|~|isNew=F|~|bestseller=|~|name=BLU Studio Pro TechSkin Gold Carbon Fiber Skin|~|brand=|~|rating=0|~|ratingCount=0|~|price=15.95|~|priceReg=15.95|~|priceSale=|~|image=https://sep.yimg.com/ay/yhst-38148694942392/blu-studio-pro-techskin-gold-carbon-fiber-skin-24.gif BLU Studio Pro TechSkin Gold Carbon Fiber Skin. itemId=sk32123-studio-pro-phone-pink-carbon-protector|~|priceRange=1|~|color=|~|size=|~|orderable=T|~|call-to-order=|~|call-for-price=|~|hasOptions=F|~|isOrganic=F|~|isNew=F|~|bestseller=|~|name=BLU Studio Pro TechSkin Pink Carbon Fiber Skin|~|brand=|~|rating=0|~|ratingCount=0|~|price=15.95|~|priceReg=15.95|~|priceSale=|~|image=https://sep.yimg.com/ay/yhst-38148694942392/blu-studio-pro-techskin-pink-carbon-fiber-skin-24.gif BLU Studio Pro TechSkin Pink Carbon Fiber Skin. itemId=sk32124-studio-pro-phone-dark-wood-protector|~|priceRange=1|~|color=|~|size=|~|orderable=T|~|call-to-order=|~|call-for-price=|~|hasOptions=F|~|isOrganic=F|~|isNew=F|~|bestseller=|~|name=BLU Studio Pro TechSkin Dark Wood Skin|~|brand=|~|rating=0|~|ratingCount=0|~|price=15.95|~|priceReg=15.95|~|priceSale=|~|image=https://sep.yimg.com/ay/yhst-38148694942392/blu-studio-pro-techskin-dark-wood-skin-24.gif BLU Studio Pro TechSkin Dark Wood Skin. itemId=sk32125-studio-pro-phone-light-wood-protector|~|priceRange=1|~|color=|~|size=|~|orderable=T|~|call-to-order=|~|call-for-price=|~|hasOptions=F|~|isOrganic=F|~|isNew=F|~|bestseller=|~|name=BLU Studio Pro TechSkin Light Wood Skin|~|brand=|~|rating=0|~|ratingCount=0|~|price=15.95|~|priceReg=15.95|~|priceSale=|~|image=https://sep.yimg.com/ay/yhst-38148694942392/blu-studio-pro-techskin-light-wood-skin-24.gif BLU Studio Pro TechSkin Light Wood Skin. itemId=sk32126-studio-pro-phone-brushed-steel-protector|~|priceRange=1|~|color=|~|size=|~|orderable=T|~|call-to-order=|~|call-for-price=|~|hasOptions=F|~|isOrganic=F|~|isNew=F|~|bestseller=|~|name=BLU Studio Pro TechSkin Brushed Steel Skin|~|brand=|~|rating=0|~|ratingCount=0|~|price=15.95|~|priceReg=15.95|~|priceSale=|~|image=https://sep.yimg.com/ay/yhst-38148694942392/blu-studio-pro-techskin-brushed-steel-skin-24.gif BLU Studio Pro TechSkin Brushed Steel Skin. itemId=sk32127-studio-pro-phone-brushed-aluminum-protector|~|priceRange=1|~|color=|~|size=|~|orderable=T|~|call-to-order=|~|call-for-price=|~|hasOptions=F|~|isOrganic=F|~|isNew=F|~|bestseller=|~|name=BLU Studio Pro TechSkin Brushed Aluminum Skin|~|brand=|~|rating=0|~|ratingCount=0|~|price=15.95|~|priceReg=15.95|~|priceSale=|~|image=https://sep.yimg.com/ay/yhst-38148694942392/blu-studio-pro-techskin-brushed-aluminum-skin-24.gif BLU Studio Pro TechSkin Brushed Aluminum Skin. itemId=sk32118-matte-studio-pro-phone-screen-protector|~|priceRange=1|~|color=|~|size=|~|orderable=T|~|call-to-order=|~|call-for-price=|~|hasOptions=F|~|isOrganic=F|~|isNew=F|~|bestseller=|~|name=BLU Studio Pro MatteSkin Screen Protector|~|brand=|~|rating=0|~|ratingCount=0|~|price=7.85|~|priceReg=7.85|~|priceSale=|~|image=https://sep.yimg.com/ay/yhst-38148694942392/blu-studio-pro-matteskin-screen-protector-20.gif BLU Studio Pro MatteSkin Screen Protector. itemId=sk32119-matte-studio-pro-phone-skin-protector|~|priceRange=1|~|color=|~|size=|~|orderable=T|~|call-to-order=|~|call-for-price=|~|hasOptions=F|~|isOrganic=F|~|isNew=F|~|bestseller=|~|name=BLU Studio Pro MatteSkin Full Body Skin Protector|~|brand=|~|rating=0|~|ratingCount=0|~|price=15.95|~|priceReg=15.95|~|priceSale=|~|image=https://sep.yimg.com/ay/yhst-38148694942392/blu-studio-pro-matteskin-full-body-skin-protector-24.gif BLU Studio Pro MatteSkin Full Body Skin Protector. Our Latest Designs: Nokia Lumia 635/630 , LG G2 Mini , Samsung Gear Live , LG G Watch , Pantech Vybe , Alacatel OneTouch POP 7 , Samsung Galaxy Tab S 10.5 , Samsung Galaxy Tab S 8.4 , OnePlus One , Microsoft Surface Pro 3 , Kyocera Hydro Icon. Cell Phones Tablets & E-Readers MP3 Players Gaming Devices Wrist Watches Digital Cameras GPS Laptops Mice & Keyboards Miscellaneous Devices Carbon Fiber Skins Natural Wood Skins Brushed Metal Skins TECH GLASS iPhone X Google Pixel 2 Google Pixel 2 XL Galaxy S8 Plus (S8+) Galaxy S8 Fire 7 (2017, Kids Edition Compatible) Nintendo Switch ZTE Quartz (SmartWatch) HTC U11 Fitbit Blaze LG G6 Apple iPhone 7 Plus Fitbit Charge 2 Garmin Vivoactive HR iPad Pro 12.9 (2017) Fitbit Alta HR Apple iPad (9.7",2017) Samsung Gear S3 Frontier (SM-R760,46mm) LG V20 Samsung Galaxy S7 Blackberry KEYone BlackBerry DTEK50 Apple Watch 42mm Series 2 Apple Watch Series 2 38mm OnePlus 5 Galaxy J7 (2017, US Version) Moto Z2 Play Samsung Galaxy J5 (2017) Huawei Watch 2 Sport Garmin Fenix 5x. Please Select Acer Aiptek Airo Wireless Altek Amazon Alcatel Apple Archos Arnova Asus Audiovox Barnes And Noble BenQ Siemens BlackBerry Canon Casio Cisco Creative Cricket Danger Hiptop Dell DigiLife D-Link DoCoMo Epson Eten Flip Fujifilm Garmin GE General Mobile Gigabyte Gigaware Glofiish Handspring Hasselblad Helio HP HTC Huawei iFOE i-Mate INQ JVC Kobo Kodak Konica Kyocera Latte Leica Lenovo LG Magellan Microsoft Mio Motorola MSI Nikon Nintendo Nokia O2 Olympus Openmoko Orange Palm Panasonic PanDigital Pantech Pentax Pocket PC Polaroid Qwest Ricoh Samsung Sanyo Saygus Sealife Sharp Siemens SK Telesys Sky Slacker Sony Sony Ericsson Terrestar Toshiba UTStarcom Velocity Micro Vertu Verzo ViewBook ViewSonic Vizio Uncategorized ZTE. Join Our Mailing List & Stay Up-to-Date. Get Exclusive Offers & New Product Updates.. Website design by Solid Cactus. 
≡ Menu News Mobiles Android Apps Android Games Stock Wallpapers. BLU Studio Pro with Dual Camera Announced | Specs and Price. Home » News » BLU Studio Pro with Dual Camera Announced | Specs and Price. Ashish Mobiles 1 Sep , 2017 Popularity:. BLU Studio Pro Specifications General Dimension 144.1 x 72.8 x 9.9 mm Weight 151 grams OS Android 7.0 Nougat Colors Black, Gold, Gray, Rose Gold Price NA Network & Connectivity SIM 2 3G Yes 4G No Wifi Wi-Fi 802.11 a/b/g/n Bluetooth Yes, v4.1 GPS Yes USB Yes NFC No Display Size 5.0 inches Type IPS Resolution 1280 x 720 pixels Hardware Chipset MediaTek MT6580 Processor 1.3GHz Quad-Core GPU Mali 400 RAM 1GB Internal Memory 8GB External Memory Yes, up to 64GB Camera Primary 8MP+2MP Dual Flash Yes Features Auto-Focus, HDR Secondary 5MP Battery Type Li-Ion Capacity 2000mAh Other Features Extra Features FM Radio, Fast Charging Memory – The memory status of BLU studio pro is. fascinating as its internal storage is 8 GB with RAM size of 1 GB. It also has a card slot that supports microSD card up to 64GB. Body & Design – The body weight of the handset is 151g with dedicated keys like power, volume, fingerprint key and with device security like device pattern lock, device password, slide lock, face unlock and fingerprint unlock. Screen & Display – The display type is IPS LCD capacitive touch screen and scratch resistance, 2.5D curved glass. The display is 16.7M colors with a screen resolution of 720 x 1280 pixels (HD). The display size is 5 inch with scratch protection. Camera Features – It has a primary camera with 8.0MP+2MP (Dual camera) with face detection, autofocus, touch focus, smile detection, Gesture shot, Face beauty, HRD, low light mode, bokeh mode, blur mode, etc. On the front, it has a 5MP selfie camera. Data connectivity – The phone supports HSDPA 21 Mbps, HSPA plus with Bluetooth version v4.1, Wi-Fi 802.11 b/g/n and hotspot. Battery – BLU Studio Pro is equipped with a 2000mAh which has support for fast charging. Other features – Include Dual SIM, Aluminum metal back cover, Sandstone pattern finish back, Diamond cut polished chamfer edge, Carrier network support and Multi window mode. BLU Products, a mobile manufacturing company from Florida, has announced their new smartphone known as BLU Studio Pro, which is expected to be available in September this year. This BLU Studio Pro contains new & latest feature like 5.0 inch IPS LCD capacitive touch screen, 8.0 MP camera, Bluetooth v4.1 with Wi-Fi and much more. BLU Studio Pro is available in Black, Golden, Grey and Rose Gold color.. The price of new BLU Studio Pro is yet to be announced but it is expected to be under $150. The phone supports dual SIM with 3G network. Unfortunately, the phone does not support 4G bands. The operating system in which it works is Android and the version of operating system is Android 7.1 (Nougat). The BLU Studio Pro series will be powered by a Quad core processor which is clocked at 1.3 GHz. The graphics are handled by Mali 400 GPU.. Some latest features of BLU studio pro are:. Zen Admire Sense Launched in India | Specs and Price. BLU Studio Pro is an average entry level phone with decent specs and a powerful 8MP dual camera. To know its availability and price tag, stay tuned with us.. Share on Facebook Share on Twitter. Previous article: Moto X4 with 12MP Dual Camera Launched | Price and Specifications. Next article: Download LG V30 Stock Wallpapers | QuadHD Resolution. Download Harry Potter: Hogwarts Mystery .... HTC R Series 2018 Monstrous with 16GB RA .... Aqua Jewel 2 Launched in India for ₹ 5 .... Notify of new replies to this comment - (on). Notify of new replies to this comment - (off). Notify of new replies to this comment - (on). Notify of new replies to this comment - (off). new follow-up comments new replies to my comments. Download Harry Potter: Hogwarts Mystery 1.1.0 APK. Download Pokemon GO 0.89.1 APK for Android | Latest Version. Download WhatsApp 2.18.64 APK | 2018 Update | New Version. Download Ludo STAR 2018 (New) APK | Latest Version. [SOLVED] Failed to Establish Connection to the Server. Samsung Galaxy Beam 3 Specifications, Price and Features. Nokia 10 Max with 8GB RAM and Android 8.0 | Specifications and Price. Sony Xperia Edge Premium Specifications and Price | Sony’s 2017 Flagship. Categories Android Apps (9) Android Games (17) Mobiles (90) News (99) Stock Wallpapers (36) Uncategorized (2). 
BLU Studio Pro - user opinions and reviews. 13131313, 01 Sep 2017 such as decadent but yes, the device will be good for some one trying to get a dual cam phone ... more well, there is options for high demanding customers, and also remember this phone can be used for standard tasks as some customers just need whatsapp texting, light facebook usage and of course navigation for web sites, with 1GB of RAM it will be good enough if customer is only focused in light tasking. only concern is the battery, lets see how it will be its behavior over 7.0 nougat layout.. such as decadent but yes, the device will be good for some one trying to get a dual cam phone but at a very very low price, more than 100$ will be too much for this handset.. some may wonder why this device have such a low spec set up. well that is the only way to provide in the market a device with some features like dual camera and selfie-LED flash at a low price.. Total of 3 user reviews and opinions for BLU Studio Pro .. Samsung Apple Nokia Sony LG HTC Motorola Huawei Microsoft Lenovo Xiaomi Google Acer Asus Oppo OnePlus Meizu BlackBerry Alcatel ZTE Toshiba Vodafone Energizer XOLO Lava Micromax BLU Gionee vivo LeEco Panasonic HP YU verykool Maxwest Plum. Nokia 2 BLU Grand M2 BLU Studio G Mini BLU Studio G3. BLU Vivo X BLU Vivo 8 BLU Vivo One BLU Vivo XL BLU Vivo 5 BLU Life One X3. 
Select the department you want to search in. Sign in Account & Lists Sign in Account & Lists Orders Try Prime Cart. Your Amazon.com Today's Deals Gift Cards Registry Sell Help Disability Customer Support. Cell Phones & Accessories Carrier Phones Unlocked Phones Prime Exclusive Phones Accessories Cases Wearable Technology Best Sellers Deals Trade-In All Electronics. Only 18 left in stock - order soon.. Sold by Open Group Wireless. Turn on 1-Click ordering for this browser. Please enter a valid US zip code.. Please enter a valid US zip code.. Shipping to a APO/FPO/DPO? Please add the address to your address book. Make sure you include the unit and box numbers (if assigned).. BLU Studio Studio Pro Unlocked Android Phone - 5.0" Screen - 8GB - Grey. Be the first to review this item. This item at this price, sold by Amazon.com, is currently reserved exclusively for Prime members. Prime free trial and invitee customers: We will automatically apply an Amazon.com Gift Card to your Gift Card Balance in the amount equal to the Prime exclusive discount after you become a paid Prime member. If you cancel your paid Prime membership or return the qualifying smartphone within the first 3 months of your paid Prime membership, we may void your Gift Card or charge you in the amount of the Gift Card. Terms and Conditions apply.. Only 18 left in stock - order soon.. Ships from and sold by Open Group Wireless .. Factory Unlocked Dual Sim Smartphone, with Android V 7.0 (Nougat). 5.0"Screen Display, Dual Camera 8 MP + 2 MP, dual-LED flash, 5 MP, LED flash. Internal 8GB | 1GB RAM,Quad-core 1.3 GHz Cortex-A7,GPU Mali-400 , Micro SD up to 64 GB. Support Dual SIM (Micro-SIM),GSM /HSPA ,2G bands GSM 850/900/1800/1900 - SIM 1 & SIM 2, 3G bands HSDPA 850 / 900 / 1700 / 1900 / 2100. US Compatibility Nationwide on all GSM Networks including AT&T, T-Mobile, Cricket, Metro PCS, Straight Talk, Pure Talk USA and others Compatible World-Wide with GSM Carriers. Will NOT Work with CDMA Carriers Such as Verizon, Sprint, Boost, Etc.. This shopping feature will continue to load items. In order to navigate out of this carousel please use your heading shortcut key to navigate to the next or previous heading.. Customers who viewed this item also viewed. Page 1 of 1 Start over Page 1 of 1. BLU Advance 5.0 Pro -Unlocked Dual Sim Smartphone - 8GB + 1GB RAM - Gold. BLU Advance 5.0 Pro -Unlocked Dual Sim Smartphone - 8GB + 1GB RAM - Black. BLU Advance 5.2 - Unlocked Smartphone - 5.2" Display, 8GB +1GB RAM -Black. BLU Advance A4 -Unlocked Dual Sim Smartphone -Black. BLU Advance A5 -Unlocked Dual Sim Smartphone -Black. BLU Studio X8 HD - 5.0" GSM Unlocked Smartphone -White. Find answers in product info, Q&As, reviews. Please make sure that you are posting in the form of a question.. Don't see what you're looking for?. There was a problem completing your request. Please try your search again later.. 0.3 x 5.7 x 2.8 in. 0.3 x 5.7 x 2.8 in. 0.3 x 6.1 x 3 in. 0.45 x 4.9 x 2.61 in. BLU Studio Studio Pro Unlocked Android Phone - 5.0" Screen - 8GB - Grey. BLU Advance 5.2 - Unlocked Smartphone - 5.2" Display, 8GB +1GB RAM -Black. BLU Studio X8 HD - 5.0" GSM Unlocked Smartphone -White. BLU Studio J8 - 5.5" HD Unlocked Smartphone -8GB +1GB RAM -Black. BLU Advance 4.0 L3 -Unlocked Dual Sim Smartphone -Gold. The STUDIO PRO provides a superb high definition experience on its 5.0” HD display. With 720 x 1280 resolution and 294ppi, the STUDIO PRO will give you cinematic quality every time you view your favorite movies or play those action packed games,Crafted for a smooth form factor that is easily held for photographic experience, the STUDIO PRO takes pictures to another level. Design detail such as a diamond cut polished chamfer edge on the camera to compliment the already superior metal housing,The STUDIO PRO utilizes state of the art material such as aluminum on the battery cover which provides structural integrity, while also raising the bar on the aesthetic quality. Pushing the design to a higher level that few succeed in,With a 6580 MediaTek chipset, 1.3GHz Quad Core processor, the STUDIO PRO provides seamless efficiency. The STUDIO PRO has 8GB of Internal memory for all your storage needs. If you require additional storage, the STUDIO PRO is expandable up to 64GB with built in MicroSD card slot,The STUDIO PRO has dual rear cameras to completely change the game when it comes to taking pictures. With dual cameras you will notice an incredible improvement to all your picture quality, not only enhancing the sharpness but also making colors brighter in the process. BLU once again engineers a smartphone to the caliber of professional grade.With a 5MP front selfie camera with built in LED flash you can capture your most prized group or self portraits under any environment. The STUDIO PRO will provide clear and pristine picture quality in any environment with its built in flash.. #1,276,478 in Cell Phones & Accessories ( See Top 100 in Cell Phones & Accessories ). #14,962 in Cell Phones & Accessories > Unlocked Cell Phones. Be the first to review this item. Product Warranty: For warranty information about this product, please click here. If you are a seller for this product, would you like to suggest updates through seller support ?. Would you like to tell us about a lower price ?. There are no customer reviews yet.. 5 star 5 star (0%) 0% 4 star 4 star (0%) 0% 3 star 3 star (0%) 0% 2 star 2 star (0%) 0% 1 star 1 star (0%) 0%. Share your thoughts with other customers. There's a problem loading this menu right now.. Get fast, free shipping with Amazon Prime. Prime members enjoy FREE Two-Day Shipping and exclusive access to music, movies, TV shows, original audio series, and Kindle books.. Careers About Amazon Investor Relations Amazon Devices. Sell on Amazon Sell Your Services on Amazon Sell on Amazon Business Sell Your Apps on Amazon Become an Affiliate Advertise Your Products Self-Publish with Us › See all. Amazon Rewards Visa Signature Cards Amazon.com Store Card Amazon.com Corporate Credit Line Shop with Points Credit Card Marketplace Reload Your Balance Amazon Currency Converter. Your Account Your Orders Shipping Rates & Policies Amazon Prime Returns & Replacements Manage Your Content and Devices Amazon Assistant Help. Amazon Music Stream millions of songs. Amazon Drive Cloud storage from Amazon. 6pm Score deals on fashion brands. AbeBooks Books, art & collectibles. ACX Audiobook Publishing Made Easy. Alexa Actionable Analytics for the Web. Amazon Business Everything For Your Business. AmazonFresh Groceries & More Right To Your Door. AmazonGlobal Ship Orders Internationally. Home Services Handpicked Pros Happiness Guarantee. Amazon Inspire Digital Educational Resources. Amazon Rapids Fun stories for kids on the go. Amazon Restaurants Food delivery from local restaurants. Amazon Video Direct Video Distribution Made Easy. Amazon Web Services Scalable Cloud Computing Services. Audible Download Audio Books. AudiobookStand Discount Audiobooks on Disc. Book Depository Books With Free Delivery Worldwide. Box Office Mojo Find Movie Box Office Data. ComiXology Thousands of Digital Comics. CreateSpace Indie Print Publishing Made Easy. DPReview Digital Photography. East Dane Designer Men's Fashion. Fabric Sewing, Quilting & Knitting. Goodreads Book reviews & recommendations. IMDb Movies, TV & Celebrities. IMDbPro Get Info Entertainment Professionals Need. Junglee.com Shop Online in India. Kindle Direct Publishing Indie Digital Publishing Made Easy. Prime Now FREE 2-Hour Delivery on Everyday Items. Prime Photos Unlimited Photo Storage Free With Prime. Shopbop Designer Fashion Brands. TenMarks.com Math Activities for Kids & Schools. Warehouse Deals Open-Box Discounts. Whole Foods Market America’s Healthiest Grocery Store. Withoutabox Submit to Film Festivals. Woot! Deals and Shenanigans. Zappos Shoes & Clothing. Souq.com Shop Online in the Middle East. Subscribe with Amazon Discover & try subscription services. Conditions of Use Privacy Notice Interest-Based Ads © 1996-2018, Amazon.com, Inc. 
Hi ( Sign in to bid or buy) Daily Deals Gift Cards Help & Contact Sell. Summary Recently Viewed Bids/Offers Watch List Purchase History Selling Saved Searches Saved Sellers Messages. People who viewed this item also viewed. XGODY Unlocked Smartphone 5.5" Quad Core Android 5.1 Cell Phone 2SIM 3G/GSM 8GB. BLU Studio J5 Unlocked Android Cell phone (8GB) GSM 5.0" 4G LTE Smartphone. XGODY Unlocked 5.5‘’ Android 5.1 Quad Core 2SIM Cell Phone Smartphone 3G/GSM. 5.0" Smartphone Unlocked Quad Core Dual SIM 1+16GB 3G/GSM Android 5.1 Cell Phone. BLU Studio Pro Unlocked Android Cell Phone GSM Smartphone 8 GB 5.0'' Screen. BLU Studio Pro Unlocked Android Cell Phone GSM Smartphone 8 GB 5.0'' Screen. Photos not available for this variation. Mouse over to Zoom - Click to enlarge. Upgrading? Sell it, don't trade it. BLU Studio Pro Unlocked Android Cell Phone GSM Smartphone 8 GB 5.0'' Screen. Share on Facebook - opens in a new window or tab. Share on Twitter - opens in a new window or tab. Share on Pinterest - opens in a new window or tab. Ships in a business day with tracking. - opens in a new window or tab Learn more. toxic3005 has no other items for sale.. Please enter a quantity of $qty_dummy$ or less. Please enter a quantity of 1. Purchases are limited to $qty_dummy$ per buyer. Please enter quantity of 1 or more. Choose quantity that is less than $qty_dummy1$ or equal to $qty_dummy$. You can only choose quantity that is equal to $qty_dummy$. help icon for Shipping - opens a layer. This amount includes seller specified US shipping charges as well as applicable international shipping, handling, and other fees. This amount is subject to change until you make payment. For additional information, see the Global Shipping Program terms and conditions - opens in a new window or tab. United States and many other countries. help icon for Shipping - opens a layer. This amount includes applicable customs duties, taxes, brokerage and other fees. This amount is subject to change until you make payment. For additional information, see the Global Shipping Program terms and conditions - opens in a new window or tab. This amount includes applicable customs duties, taxes, brokerage and other fees. This amount is subject to change until you make payment. If you reside in an EU member state besides UK, import VAT on this purchase is not recoverable. For additional information, see the Global Shipping Program terms and conditions - opens in a new window or tab. No additional import charges on delivery. help icon for Estimated delivery date - opens a layer. Estimated delivery dates - opens in a new window or tab include seller's handling time, origin ZIP Code, destination ZIP Code and time of acceptance and will depend on shipping service selected and receipt of cleared payment - opens in a new window or tab. Delivery times may vary, especially during peak periods.. Apply Now - opens in a new window or tab. See terms - opens in a new window or tab. An error occurred, please try again.. Any international shipping and import charges are paid in part to Pitney Bowes Inc. Learn More - opens in a new window or tab. International shipping and import charges paid to Pitney Bowes Inc. Learn More - opens in a new window or tab. Any international shipping and import charges are paid in part to Pitney Bowes Inc. Learn More - opens in a new window or tab. International shipping paid to Pitney Bowes Inc. Learn More - opens in a new window or tab. Any international shipping is paid in part to Pitney Bowes Inc. Learn More - opens in a new window or tab. Covered by eBay Money Back Guarantee. See details - opens in a new window or tab. Get the item you ordered or get your money back. Covers your purchase price and original shipping.. Report item - opens in a new window or tab. Seller assumes all responsibility for this listing.. 3G Data Capable, 4G Data Capable, Dual SIM. New: A brand-new, unused, unopened, undamaged item in its original packaging (where packaging is. Packaging should be the same as what is found in a retail store, unless the item is handmade or was packaged by the manufacturer in non-retail packaging, such as an unprinted box or plastic bag. See the seller's listing for full details. See all condition definitions - opens in a new window or tab. Seller assumes all responsibility for this listing.. This item will ship to Singapore , but the seller has not specified shipping options. Contact the seller - opens in a new window or tab and request a shipping method to your location.. Please enter a valid ZIP Code.. Item location: Miami, Florida, United States. Shipping to: United States, United Kingdom, Bulgaria, Lithuania, Sweden, Germany, Mexico, Singapore, Brazil, Dominican Republic, Saint Kitts-Nevis, Guernsey, Jersey. No additional import charges at delivery!. This item will be shipped through the Global Shipping Program and includes international tracking. Learn more - opens in a new window or tab. Please enter a number less than or equal to 4.. Please enter a valid ZIP Code.. Please enter 5 or 9 numbers for the ZIP Code.. * Estimated delivery dates - opens in a new window or tab include seller's handling time, origin ZIP Code, destination ZIP Code and time of acceptance and will depend on shipping service selected and receipt of cleared payment - opens in a new window or tab. Delivery times may vary, especially during peak periods.. Will usually ship within 1 business day of receiving cleared payment - opens in a new window or tab .. Seller charges sales tax for items shipped to: FL*(7.0%).. * Tax applies to subtotal + S&H for these states only. After receiving the item, contact seller within. Pay for your purchases when it's right for you. Choose PayPal Credit to pay all at once or enjoy the flexibility of paying over time with special financing offers.. For example, if your purchase qualifies, you could enjoy No Payments + No Interest if paid in full in 6 months on $99+.. Interest will be charged on your account from the posting date (which is usually within a few days after the purchase date) if the purchase balance is not paid in full within the promotional period. See terms - opens in a new window or tab. Other offers may be available from time to time.. The lender for PayPal Credit accounts is Comenity Capital Bank.. Immediate payment required for this item. Immediate payment of US $83.97 is required.. What’s the Difference Between iOS and Android? ,. How to Buy a Bar Phone on eBay ,. What's the Difference Between GSM and CDMA Cell Phones? ,. Samsung Galaxy S5 Buying Guide ,. How to Choose a Touch Watch to Pair With Your Smartphone ,. How to Choose an Android Phone ,. The Pros and Cons of the Samsung Galaxy S5. blu Android Unlocked Cell Phones & Smartphones ,. Android BLU Studio 7.0 Unlocked Cell Phones & Smartphones ,. Android BLU Studio 5.0 Unlocked Cell Phones & Smartphones ,. Android BLU Studio 6.0 Unlocked Cell Phones & Smartphones ,. Android BLU Studio 5.5 Unlocked Cell Phones & Smartphones ,. Unlocked BLU Studio XL Android Cell Phones & Smartphones. Site Map Copyright © 1995-2018 eBay Inc. Accessibility , User Agreement , Privacy , Cookies and AdChoice Norton Secured - powered by Verisign. 
Welcome, visitor! [ Register | Login ]. Post ROM Home Categories Gapps & APK & Tools & Tuto Contact us Donate. * Search Rom - Gapps-Tools-Tuto - OTHERS ACER Advan Alcatel Allview Archos Asus Avvio Azumi Blackview Blu BLUBOO Cherry Mobile Condor COOLPAD. CUBOT DEXP DOOGEE Elephone Evercoss FLY GFIVE GIONEE HAIER HDC Hisense HTC HUAWEI InnJoo Intex JIAYU Karbonn. Landvo LAVA Leagoo LeEco LENOVO LG M-Horse Meizu MICROMAX MOTOROLA OPPO ORRO Oukitel Prestigio QMobile Real 1:1 SAMSUNG. SONY ERICSSON Spreadtrum Symphony TCL THL Ulefone Umidigi Verykool VIVO Vkworld Walton X-BO XIAOMI XOLO XTOUCH ZOPO ZTE. Home » Blu » BLU Studio Pro. Title: BLU Studio Pro Listed: 11/03/2017 2:08 pm ROM Version: ROM Android 7.0. You must be logged for ROM download.. Overall Rating : 0. Listed by: hanuma50 Member Since: 04/23/2013 Private Message: Contact Me. BLU Studio Pro – ROM Android 7.0. No Rooted Language support : Multilang. Install ROM : - Unpack FlashTools, and Click on Flash_tool.exe - Select "scatter-Loading" and search MT6580_Android_scatter.txt in ROM - Wait file to be added into Flash Tool - Select "Download Only" or if upgrade "Firmware upgrade" - Turn off your phone, remove the battery (if the battery is removable) and replace it after some seconds (and don't turn on the phone). - Press “Download” button to start - and connect your phone into the computer via USB data cable. - The process will start and a red progress bar will appear after color purple, yellow. - And green circles display - Finish ! - You can now safely disconnect your phone and turn it on.. ※Please make a backup of your device before installing or updating ROM. You must be logged in to post a comment.. 
You don't have permission to access /specifications/blu-studio-pro/. 
144.1 x 72.8 x 9.9 mm. Android OS v7.0 ( Nougat ). 8 MP 3264 x 2448 px autofocus. 850 / 900 / 1800 / 1900. DroidChart.com / Smartphones / BLU / BLU Studio Pro (2017). 5 inches 720 x 1280 px. The detailed specifications, photos and introductory video of the BLU Studio Pro (S750P). The list of the competitors most often compared to the BLU Studio Pro smartphone.. The BLU Studio Pro (S750P) smartphone released in 2017. It is powered by Mediatek MT6580 chipset, 1 GB of RAM and 8 GB of internal storage.. The BLU Studio Pro runs on Android OS v7.0 (Nougat) out of the box. It comes with a Li-Po 2000 mAh, non-removable battery. It features a 5 inches IPS display with 720 x 1280 px resolution. The IPS technology is one of the most leading LCD technologies in the world.. The BLU Studio Pro runs on Android OS v7.0 (Nougat) out of the box, but the Studio Pro's firmware can be upgraded to a newer version of OS.. Screen size is measured in inches, diagonally from corner to corner. The 5 inches IPS capacitive touch screen with 720 x 1280 px resolution is multitouch capable.. The smartphone's memory (1 GB) cannot be expanded, but the storage (8 GB) can be expanded with a microSD card.. The camera of the BLU Studio Pro is equipped with autofocus. Autofocus is a camera feature that fine-tunes the focus of the camera, it is a nice feature of this smartphone.. This smartphone has a built-in GPS receiver. GPS is a satellite based navigation system that allows the determination of the exact geographical location on Earth. This BLU smartphone has FM radio receiver.. The Li-Po 2000 mAh, non-removable battery gives the smartphone a good battery backup.. The smartphone sensors measure physical quantities and transmit them to the application processor. The phones's accelerometer is a built-in electronic component that measures tilt and motion. The proximity sensor detects when a user is holding the phone near their face during a call and turns off the display to prevent keypad presses and battery consumption from the display. The Studio Pro has Dual SIM capability, which means that you can insert two different SIM cards and use them both from one phone.. Compare BLU Studio Pro to other smartphones. The specifications above are based on the official data published by the manufacturer, but we also take user reviews into consideration. If you found an error or something lacking in the specifications above for the BLU Studio Pro, then don’t hesitate and signal the problem to us.. According to our statistics, the BLU Studio Pro smartphone was most often compared on our site with the following smartphones.. Compare BLU Studio Pro to other smartphones. If there’s information about the BLU Studio Pro that you would like to see on this site, then write to our webmaster@droidchart.com address.. 
OPPO Claim Centers in Pakistan – OFFICIAL. Sony Xperia Official Stores in Pakistan. Sony to launch Xperia XA2, XA2 Ultra, and Xperia L2 in Pakistan. Huawei Honor 9 Lite Review, Features, Price & Specs. Huawei Honor 5C Pro Review, Price, Specs & Features. OPPO Claim Centers in Pakistan – OFFICIAL. Sony Xperia Official Stores in Pakistan. Sony to launch Xperia XA2, XA2 Ultra, and Xperia L2 in Pakistan. Huawei Honor 9 Lite Review, Features, Price & Specs. Huawei Honor 5C Pro Review, Price, Specs & Features. Mobiles / BLU Studio Pro. CPU : Quad-core 1.3 GHz. Camera : Dual 8MP and 2MP / 5MP. OS : Android 7.0 (Nougat). BLU Studio Pro - Price and Specification. Design Type called form factor refers to a mobile phone's size, shape, and style as well as the layout and position of major components of phone. There are three major form factors seen in mobile phones => bar phones, folding phones and sliding phones. 144.1 x 72.8 x 9.9 mm. SIM (Subscriber Identity Module) is a small card that contains mobile network subscriber's account information. This allows the phone using the card to attach to a mobile network. The SIM card is most commonly associated with GSM and UMTS mobile networks. Moving a SIM card from one phone to another allows a subscriber to switch mobile phones without having to contact their mobile network carrier. SIM cards can also be used by a phone to store limited amounts of data, such as phone numbers and text messages. Yes, GSM 850 / 900 / 1800 / 1900. Yes, HSDPA 850 / 900 / 1900 / 2100. Display Technology => A number of display technologies and types used in mobile phones => TFT (Thin Film Transistor), IPS (In-Place Switching), OLED (Organic Light Emitting Diode), AMOLED (Active-Matrix Organic Light-Emitting Diode), Super AMOLED (an even advanced version of AMOLED), Resistive Touchscreen (Resistive touchscreens contain two layer of conductive material with a very small gap between them which acts as a resistance), Capacitive Touchsceen (Capacitive touchscreen technology consists of a layer of glass coated with a transparent conductor). Display Colors is refers to the number of different shades of colors that the screen is capable of displaying => 64K colors, 256K colors and 16 million colors, Obviously 16M is highest available range of colors and better than others. Pixel Density (PPI) is refers to the concentration of pixels on a particular display, measured in pixels per inch (ppi). Pixel density is calculated by dividing the diagonal pixel resolution of a display by its diagonal size, higher pixel density better display quality. Display Protection => Gorilla Glass is a special alkali-aluminosilicate glass shield with exceptional damage resistance that helps protect mobile displays from scratches, drops, and bumps of everyday use, It is always better to go for a smartphone with Gorilla Glass for that added protection and peace of mind.. Camera is able to capture photographs and usually videos, The most important characteristics of a camera are the resolution (measured in megapixels), lens focus type (fixed or automatic), higher megapixel cameras are known to capture higher quality photos, but not always a good measurement of the photos quality. Flash Light => There is commonly two types of flash lights are used in camera mobile phones, LED Flash (LED flash offers lower power consumption with drive circuitry that takes up very little room, LEDs can be strobed faster than any other light source), Xenon Flash (xenon flash produces an extremely intense full-spectrum white light for a very short duration). OS => Every computer system run on a base software called Operating System (OS). Operating System controls all basic operations of the computer (such as smartphone, PDAs, tablet computers and other handheld devices). The Operating System allows the user to install and run third party applications (apps), apps are used to add new functionality to the device. Java for Mobile Devices is a set of technologies that let developers deliver applications and services to all types of mobile handsets, ranging from price efficient feature-phones to the latest smartphones. Java is currently running on over 3 billion phones worldwide, and growing. It offers unrivaled potential for the distribution and monetization of mobile applications. Youtube is a popular free video-sharing website, Youtube is the largest video sharing site in the world, Millions of users around the world have created accounts on the site that allow them to upload videos that anyone can watch. Facebook is a popular free social networking website that allows registered users to create profiles, upload photos and video, send messages and keep in touch with friends, family and colleagues. The site is available in 37 different languages.. Chipset is a group of integrated circuits designed to perform one or a more dedicated functions, often with real time computing constraints, Popular smartphones are equipped with more advanced embedded chipsets that can do many different tasks depending on their programming. CPU (Central Processing Unit) mostly known as processors, CPU processes instructions in order to carry out certain functions that make your device operate properly. Processors are often described as the brain of computers, smartphones and tablets, Smartphones and tablets rely on processors to carry out their every task, Processors are an incredibly important factor in selecting any type of computing device, including your smartphone. GPU (Graphics Processing Unit) is a single-chip processor designed to rapidly manipulate and alter memory to accelerate the creation of images in a frame buffer intended for output to a display, This includes things such as lighting effects, object transformations, and 3D motion. RAM (Random Access Memory) is a type of computer memory that can be accessed randomly, any byte of memory can be accessed without touching the preceding bytes that allows information to be stored and accessed quickly from random locations. RAM is the most common type of memory found in computer systems, smartphones, tablets and other electronic devices. Internal Storage is a data storage space (flash memory) mostly used in smartphones, tablets and other electronic devices where operating system, apps, music, photos, videos, files and other user data Is stored. Memory Card Slot is a special slot for inserting a memory card. Memory cards allow you to expand the phone's built-in memory, A memory card (sometimes called a flash memory card or a storage card) is a small storage medium used to store data such as text, pictures, audio, and video, for use on small, portable or remote computing devices such as mobile phones, mp3 players, digital cameras. Sensors are electronic components that detects and responds to some type of input from the physical environment. The specific input could be light, heat, motion, moisture, pressure and location, The output is generally a signal that is converted to use in computing systems, a location sensor, such as a GPS receiver is able to detect current location of your electronic device.. Bluetooth is a wireless communications technology for exchanging data between mobile phones, headsets, computers and other network devices over short distances without wires, Bluetooth technology was primarily designed to support simple wireless networking of personal consumer devices. Infrared connectivity is an old wireless technology used to connect two electronic devices. It uses a beam of infrared light to transmit information and so requires direct line of sight and operates only at close range. Wi-Fi is a popular wireless networking technology using radio waves to provide high-speed network connections that allows devices to communicate without cords or cables, Wi-Fi is increasingly becoming the preferred mode of internet connectivity all over the world. GPS The Global Positioning System is a satellite-based radio navigation system, GPS permits users to determine their position, velocity and the time 24 hours a day, in all weather, anywhere in the world, In order to locate your position, your device or GPS receiver must have a clear view of the sky. NFC (Near field communication) is a set of standards for smartphones and similar devices to establish peer-to-peer radio communications with each other by touching them together or bringing them into proximity, usually no more than a few inches. HDMI (High-Definition Multimedia Interface) is a compact audio/video interface for transferring uncompressed video data and compressed or uncompressed digital audio data from a HDMI-compliant source device to a compatible computer monitor, video projector, digital television, or digital audio device. Wireless Charging (Inductive Charging) uses an electromagnetic field to transfer energy between two objects. This is usually done with a charging station. Energy is sent through an inductive coupling to an electrical device, which can then use that energy to charge batteries or run the device. GPRS (General Packet Radio Service) is a packet oriented mobile data service on the 2G and 3G cellular communication system's global system for mobile communications (GSM), Generally, GPRS is used for the purpose of wireless data transfer, such as sharing pictures and videos or browsing the Internet via a mobile phone connection. EDGE (Enhanced Data GSM Environment) is a wireless network technology generally considered the next step in the 2G network offers data transfer rates up to four times faster than ordinary GSM networks, Generally, EDGE is used for the purpose of wireless data transfer, such as sharing pictures and videos or browsing the Internet via a mobile phone connection. Web Browser => a web browser is a software application used to locate, retrieve and display content on the World Wide Web, including Web pages, images, video and other files, The primary function of a web browser is to render HTML, the code used to design or markup webpages.. SMS (Short Messaging Service) is a text messaging service component of phone, Web, or mobile communication systems. It uses standardized communications protocols to allow mobile phone devices to exchange short text messages over the networks. MMS (Multimedia Messaging Service) is a standard way to send messages that include multimedia content (audio clips, video clips and images) to and from mobile phones over wireless networks using the WAP protocol. Email (Electronic Mail) is a system for receiving, sending, and storing electronic messages, Similar to a letter, email is text messages that may contain files, images, or other attachments sent via the internet to a recipient by using applications and software prograps. An email address is required to receive email, and that address is unique to the user. IM (Instant Messaging) is an exchange of text messages through a software application, it enable you to create a kind of private chat room with another individual in order to communicate in real time over the Internet.. Battery Type => Cell phones run on various kinds of batteries depending on the manufacturer, phone size or shape and features. There are basically four types of cell phone batteries => Lithium Polymer, Lithium Ion, Nickel Metal Hydride and Nickel Cadmium. Battery Capacity is a measure (typically in Amp-hr) of the charge stored by the battery, and is determined by the mass of active material contained in the battery. The battery capacity represents the maximum amount of energy that can be extracted from the battery under certain conditions. The overall rating is based on the review by our experts.. Be the first to add a Review. What do you feel about Design and build quality of this device?. Screen size, image quality (brightness, colors, contrast, etc), visibility in sun light, angles of view and touchscreen. Usability of Camera interface, image and video quality in different light conditions and environment. Music and video players, playback quality, speaker sound and handsfree options. What do you feel about the features of this device, is these enough for you in everyday life?. Bluetooth, Wi-fi connectivity, data trnasfer speed, internet browsing and interfaces. When you call someone, what is the voice quality you hear or vice versa, is speakerphone working good during calls. What do you feel about usability and speed of UI (user interface), messaging, calling, contacts management, call history, notifications and internet browsing?. Is this device perform good while watching videos, playing games, taking snapshots, browsing internet and navigate through other applications?. What about battery life, while calling, listening music, watching videos, playing games and doing other tasks. 6 / 10 based on your selection. Please post a user review only if you have / had this product.. We provide you with the latest news, reviews, comparison, price and videos straight from the mobile world.. OPPO Claim Centers in Pakistan – OFFICIAL. Sony Xperia Official Stores in Pakistan. Sony to launch Xperia XA2, XA2 Ultra, and Xperia L2 in.... POPULAR CATEGORY News 313 Local 276 Global 235 Trending 223 Social 46 Reviews 8. OPPO Claim Centers in Pakistan – OFFICIAL. 
Home › BLU › Studio Pro BLU Studio Pro - Specifications. Most recent comparisons including BLU Studio Pro List of the latest comparisons made by the website visitors, which include BLU Studio Pro Last viewed devices List of mobile devices, whose specifications have been recently viewed.. Width Height Thickness Weight Write a review. Specifications Display Camera CPU Battery SAR Prices 1. Dimensions : 72.8 x 144.1 x 9.9 mm Weight : 151 g SoC : MediaTek MT6580 CPU : ARM Cortex-A7, 1300 MHz, Cores : 4 GPU : ARM Mali-400 MP2, Cores : 2 RAM : 1 GB, 533 MHz Storage : 8 GB Memory cards : microSD, microSDHC, microSDXC Display : 5 in, IPS, 720 x 1280 pixels, 24 bit Battery : 2000 mAh, Li-Polymer OS : Android 7.0 Nougat Camera : 3264 x 2448 pixels, 1920 x 1080 pixels, 30 fps SIM card : Micro-SIM Wi-Fi : b, g, n, Wi-Fi Hotspot USB : 2.0, Micro USB Bluetooth : 4.0 Positioning : GPS, A-GPS. Brand and model Information about the brand, model and model alias (if any) of a specific device. Brand BLU Model Studio Pro Model alias S750P Design Information about the dimensions and weight of the device, shown in different measurement units. Width 72.8 mm (millimeters) 7.28 cm (centimeters) 0.24 ft (feet) 2.87 in (inches) Height 144.1 mm (millimeters) 14.41 cm (centimeters) 0.47 ft (feet) 5.67 in (inches) Thickness 9.9 mm (millimeters) 0.99 cm (centimeters) 0.03 ft (feet) 0.39 in (inches) Weight 151 g (grams) 0.33 lbs (pounds) 5.33 oz (ounces) Volume 103.86 cm³ (cubic centimeters) 6.31 in³ (cubic inches) Colors Gold Rose-gold Black Gray Body materials Plastic Aluminium alloy SIM card The Subscriber Identity Module (SIM) is used in mobile devices for storing data authenticating the subscribers of mobile services. SIM card type Micro-SIM (3FF - third form factor, since 2003, 15.00 x 12.00 x 0.76 mm) Number of SIM cards 2 Features Dual SIM stand-by (Both cards are active. When one is busy, the other is not active) Networks A mobile (cellular) network is a radio system, which allows a large number of mobile devices to communicate with each other. GSM GSM 850 MHz GSM 900 MHz GSM 1800 MHz GSM 1900 MHz UMTS UMTS 850 MHz UMTS 900 MHz UMTS 1700/2100 MHz UMTS 1900 MHz UMTS 2100 MHz Mobile network technologies and bandwidth Communication between devices within mobile networks is realized via various generations of network technologies, which provide different bandwidth. Mobile network technologies UMTS (384 kbit/s ) EDGE GPRS HSPA+ (HSUPA 5.76 Mbit/s , HSDPA 21 Mbit/s ) Operating system Operating system is the system software, which manages and controls the functioning of the hardware components of the device. Operating system (OS) Android 7.0 Nougat System on Chip (SoC) A system on a chip (SoC) includes into a single chip some of the main hardware components of the mobile device. SoC MediaTek MT6580 Process technology 28 nm (nanometers) CPU ARM Cortex-A7 CPU bits 32 bit Instruction set ARMv7 Level 1 cache memory (L1) 32 KB + 32 KB (kilobytes) Level 2 cache memory (L2) 512 KB (kilobytes) 0.5 MB (megabytes) CPU cores 4 CPU frequency 1300 MHz (megahertz) GPU ARM Mali-400 MP2 GPU cores 2 RAM capacity 1 GB (gigabytes) RAM channels Single channel RAM frequency 533 MHz (megahertz) Storage Every mobile device has a built-in storage (internal memory) with a fixed capacity. Storage 8 GB (gigabytes) Memory cards Memory cards are used in mobile devices for expanding their external storage capacity. Types microSD microSDHC microSDXC Display The display of a mobile device is characterized by its technology, resolution, pixel density, diagonal length, color depth, etc. Type/technology IPS Diagonal size 5 in (inches) 127 mm (millimeters) 12.7 cm (centimeters) Width 2.45 in (inches) 62.26 mm (millimeters) 6.23 cm (centimeters) Height 4.36 in (inches) 110.69 mm (millimeters) 11.07 cm (centimeters) Aspect ratio 1.778:1 16:9 Resolution 720 x 1280 pixels Pixel density 294 ppi (pixels per inch) 115 ppcm (pixels per centimeter) Color depth 24 bit 16777216 colors Display area 65.91 % (percent) Other features Capacitive Multi-touch Sensors Different sensors measure different physical quantities and convert them into signals recognizable by the mobile device. Sensors Proximity Light Accelerometer Primary camera The primary camera of the mobile device is usually placed at its back and is used for taking photos and recording videos. Sensor type CMOS (complementary metal-oxide semiconductor) Aperture f/2.0 Flash type Dual LED Image resolution 3264 x 2448 pixels 7.99 MP (megapixels) Video resolution 1920 x 1080 pixels 2.07 MP (megapixels) Video FPS 30 fps (frames per second) Features Autofocus Continuous shooting Digital zoom Geotagging Panorama HDR Touch focus Face detection White balance settings ISO settings Exposure compensation Self-timer Scene mode Secondary rear camera - 2 MP Secondary camera Secondary cameras are placed above the screen of the device and are usually used for video calls, gesture recognition, etc. Flash type LED Image resolution 2560 x 1920 pixels 4.92 MP (megapixels) Video resolution 640 x 480 pixels 0.31 MP (megapixels) Video FPS 30 fps (frames per second) Audio Information about the type of speakers and the audio technologies supported by the device. Speaker Loudspeaker Earpiece Radio The radio in a mobile device is a built-in FM radio receiver. Radio Yes Tracking/Positioning Information about the positioning and navigation technologies supported by the device. Tracking/Positioning GPS A-GPS Wi-Fi Wi-Fi is a technology that provides wireless data connections between various devices within a short range. Wi-Fi 802.11b (IEEE 802.11b-1999) 802.11g (IEEE 802.11g-2003) 802.11n (IEEE 802.11n-2009) Wi-Fi Hotspot Bluetooth Bluetooth is a standard for secure wireless data transfer between different types of devices over short distances. Version 4.0 Features A2DP (Advanced Audio Distribution Profile) USB The Universal Serial Bus (USB) is an industry standard that allows different electronic devices to exchange data. Connector type Micro USB Version 2.0 Features Charging Mass storage Headphone jack The headphone jack is an audio phone connector, a.k.a. The most widely used one in mobile devices is the 3.5 mm headphone jack. Headphone jack Yes Connectivity Information about other important connectivity technologies supported by the devices. Connectivity Computer sync OTA sync Tethering Browser A web browser is a software application for accessing, fetching, displaying and navigating through information on the World Wide Web. Browser HTML HTML5 CSS 3 Audio file formats/codecs Mobile devices support various audio file formats and codecs, which respectively store and code/decode digital audio data. Audio file formats/codecs AAC (Advanced Audio Coding) AMR / AMR-NB / GSM-AMR (Adaptive Multi-Rate, .amr, .3ga) eAAC+ / aacPlus v2 / HE-AAC v2 FLAC (Free Lossless Audio Codec, .flac) MIDI MP3 (MPEG-2 Audio Layer II, .mp3) OGG (.ogg, .ogv, .oga, .ogx, .spx, .opus) WMA (Windows Media Audio, .wma) WAV (Waveform Audio File Format, .wav, .wave) Video file formats/codecs Mobile devices support various video file formats and codecs, which respectively store and code/decode digital video data. Video file formats/codecs 3GPP (3rd Generation Partnership Project, .3gp) AVI (Audio Video Interleaved, .avi) H.263 H.264 / MPEG-4 Part 10 / AVC video MP4 (MPEG-4 Part 14, .mp4, .m4a, .m4p, .m4b, .m4r, .m4v) Xvid Battery The batteries of mobile devices differ in capacity and technology. They provide the electrical charge needed for the functioning of the devices. Capacity 2000 mAh (milliampere-hours) Type Li-Polymer Charger output power 5 V (volts) / 1 A (amps) Features Non-removable Specific Absorption Rate (SAR) The SAR rating shows the amount of electromagnetic radiation absorbed by the human body when using a mobile device, expressed in W/kg. Head SAR (USA) 0.64 W/kg (watts per kilogram) Body SAR (USA) 1.42 W/kg (watts per kilogram). Brand name of the company that manufactures the device.. Аlternative names, under which the model is known.. the horizontal side of the device when it is used in its standard orientation.. the vertical side of the device when it is used in its standard orientation.. Information about the thickness/depth of the device in different measurement units.. Information about the weight of the device in different measurement units.. Estimated volume of the device, calculated from the dimensions provided by the manufacturer. Applies for devices in the form of a rectangular parallelepiped.. Information about the colors, in which the device is available in the market.. Materials used in the fabrication of the device's body.. Information about the type and size (form factor) of the SIM card used in the device.. Information about the number of SIM cards, supported by the device.. Information about some specific features related to the SIM card(s) of the device.. GSM (Global System for Mobile Communications) was developed to replace the analog cellular network (1G), therefore it is referred to as a 2G mobile network. It has been improved with the addition of General Packet Radio Services (GPRS) and later via the Enhanced Data rates for GSM Evolution (EDGE) technology.. UMTS stands for Universal Mobile Telecommunications System. Based on the GSM standard, it is deemed as a 3G mobile network standard. It has been developed by the 3GPP and its major advantage is the provision of greater bandwidth and spectral efficiency, due to the W-CDMA technology.. There are several network technologies that enhance the performance of mobile networks mainly by increased data bandwidth. Information about the communication technologies supported by the device and their respective uplink and downlink bandwidth.. Information about the operating system used by the device as well as its version.. The SoC integrates different hardware components such as the CPU, GPU, memory, peripherals, interfaces, etc., as well as software for their functioning.. Information about the process technology used in manufacturing the chip. The value in nanometers represents half the distance between elements that make up the CPU.. CPU is the Central Processing Unit or the processor of a mobile device. Its main function is to interpret and execute instructions contained in software applications.. The CPU bits are determined by the bit-size of the processor registers, address buses and data buses. 64-bit CPUs provide better performance than 32-bit ones, which on their part perform better than 16-bit processors.. The instruction set architecture (ISA) is a set of commands used by the software to manage the CPU's work. Information about the set of instructions the processor can execute.. The cache memory is used by the processor in order to shorten the time needed to access data and instructions that a frequently used. The L1 (level 1) cache memory has a small volume, but operates faster than the RAM and the rest cache memory levels. If the processor does not find the data needed in L1, it continues to look for it in the L2 cache memory. In some processors the search in L1 and L2 is simultaneous.. The L2 (level 2) cache memory is slower than L1, but has a larger capacity, instead, which allows it to cache more data. Just like L1, it is much faster than the system memory (RAM). If the CPU does not find the data needed in L2, it proceeds to look for them in the L3 cache memory (if there is such) or in the RAM.. A CPU core is the processor unit, which executes software instructions. Presently, besides single-core processors, there are dual-core, quad-core, hexa-core and so on multi-core processors. They increase the performance of the device allowing the execution of multiple instructions in parallel.. The frequency of the processor describes its clock rate in cycles per second. It is measured in Megahertz (MHz) or Gigahertz (GHz).. GPU is a graphical processing unit, which handles computation for 2D/3D graphics applications. In mobile devices GPU is usually utilized by games, UI, video playback, etc. GPU can also perform computation in applications traditionally handled by the CPU.. Similar to the CPU, the GPU consists of processing units called cores. They handle the computation of graphics in various applications.. RAM (Random-Access Memory) is used by the operating system and all installed applications. Data in the RAM is lost after the device is turned off or restarted.. Information about the number of RAM channels integrated in the SoC. More channels mean higher data transfer rates.. RAM frequency relates directly to the rate of reading/writing from/in the RAM memory.. Information about the capacity of the built-in storage of the device. Sometimes one and the same model may is offered in variants with different internal storage capacity.. The various types of memory cards are characterized by different sizes and capacity. Information about the supported types of memory cards.. One of the main characteristics of the display is its type/technology, on which depends its performance.. In mobile devices display size is represented by the length of its diagonal measured in inches.. The ratio between the long and the short side of the display. The display resolution shows the number of pixels on the horizontal and vertical side of the screen. The higher the resolution is, the greater the detail of the displayed content.. Information about the number of pixels per centimeter (ppcm) or per inch (ppi) of the display. The higher the pixel density, the more detailed and clearer is the information displayed on the screen.. The color depth of the display is also known as bit depth. It shows the number of bits used for the color components of one pixel. Information about the maximum number of colors the screen can display.. The estimated percentage of the screen area from the device's front area.. Information about other functions and features of the display.. Sensors vary in type and purpose. They increase the overall functionality of the device, in which they are integrated.. Digital cameras use image sensors for taking photos. The sensor characteristics are some of the main factors determining the quality of the camera integrated in the mobile device.. Aperture (f-stop number) indicates the size of the lens diaphragm opening, which controls the amount of light reaching the image sensor. The lower the f-stop number, the larger the diaphragm opening is.. Cameras of mobile devices use mainly a LED or a Xenon flash. The LED flash has a softer burst of light and in contrast to the much brighter Xenon flash, is used for recording videos as well.. One of the main characteristics of the cameras of mobile devices is their resolution, which shows the number of pixels on the horizontal and vertical dimensions of the image.. Information about the maximum resolution available for shooting a video with the device.. Information about the maximum number of frames per second (fps), supported by the device while recording a video at maximum resolution. Some of the main standard frame rates for recording and playing video are 24p, 25p, 30p, 60p.. Information about additional software and hardware features of the privamery camera, which improve its overall performance.. Cameras of mobile devices use mainly a LED or a Xenon flash. The LED flash has a softer burst of light and in contrast to the much brighter Xenon flash, is used for recording videos as well.. Information about the maximum image resolution of the secondary camera. Often, the resolution of the secondary camera is lower than the one of the primary camera.. Information about the maximum resolution available for shooting a video by the secondary camera.. Information about the maximum number of frames per second (fps), supported by the secondary camera while recording a video at maximum resolution.. The loudspeaker is a device, which reproduces various sounds such as ring tones, alarms, music, voice calls, etc. Information about the type of speakers the device uses.. Information whether the device has an FM radio receiver or not.. The tracking/positioning service is provided by various satellite navigation systems, which track the autonomous geo-spatial positioning of the device that supports them. The most common satellite navigation systems are the GPS and the GLONASS. There are also non-satellite technologies for locating mobile devices such as the Enhanced Observed Time Difference, Enhanced 911, GSM Cell ID.. Wi-Fi communication between devices is realized via the IEEE 802.11 standards. Some devices have the possibility to serve as Wi-Fi Hotspots by providing internet access for other nearby devices. Wi-Fi Direct (Wi-Fi P2P) is another useful standard that allows devices to communicate with each other without the need for wireless access point (WAP).. The technology has several versions, which improve the connection speed, range, connectivity and discoverability of the devices. Information about the Bluetooth version of the device.. Bluetooth uses various profiles and protocols related to faster exchange of data, energy saving, better device discoverability, etc. Some of those supported by the device are listed here.. There are several USB connector types: the Standard one, the Mini and Micro connectors, On-The-Go connectors, etc. Type of the USB connector used by the device.. There are several versions of the Universal Serial Bus (USB) standard: USB 1.0 (1996), the USB 2.0 (2000), the USB 3.0 (2008), etc. With each following version the rate of data transfer is increased.. Тhe USB interface in mobile devices may be used for different purposes such as battery charging, using the device as a mass storage, host, etc.. Information whether the device is equipped with a 3.5 mm audio jack.. Information about some of the most widely used connectivity technologies supported by the device.. Information about some of the features and standards supported by the browser of the device.. List of some of the most common audio file formats and codecs supported standardly by the device.. List of some of the most common video file formats and codecs supported standardly by the device.. The capacity of a battery shows the maximum charge, which it can store, measured in mili-Ampere hours.. The battery type is determined by its structure and more specifically, by the chemicals used in it. There are different battery types and some of the most commonly used in mobile devices are the lithium-ion (Li-Ion) and the lithium-ion polymer battery (Li-Polymer).. Information about the electric current (amperes) and voltage (volts) the charger outputs. The higher power output allows faster charging.. Information about some additional features of the device's battery.. This SAR rating shows the maximum level of exposure to electromagnetic radiation taken when the device is placed next to the ear. The applicable limit for the US is 1.6 W/kg per 1 g of tissue. In the US the FCC tests and sets the SAR limits for all mobile devices, which are controlled by the CTIA.. The SAR body rating shows the maximum level of exposure to electromagnetic radiation when the device is positioned against the body at the hip. The highest SAR value of mobile devices allowed in the US is set to 1.6 W/kg per 1 g of tissue. It is specified by the FCC and the CTIA follows whether the mobile devices comply with this standard.. Provide information about, which of the published data you want to be edited as well as a reliable source, which confirms the accuracy of the information you suggest *. Enter the characters from the image: *. Dimensions : 72.8 x 144.1 x 9.9 mm Weight : 151 g SoC : MediaTek MT6580 CPU : ARM Cortex-A7, 1300 MHz, Cores : 4 GPU : ARM Mali-400 MP2 RAM : 1 GB, 533 MHz Storage : 8 GB Display : 5 in, IPS, 720 x 1280 pixels, 24 bit Battery : 2000 mAh, Li-Polymer OS : Android 7.0 Nougat Camera : 3264 x 2448 pixels, 1920 x 1080 pixels, 30 fps. The information on this website is provided on "as is, as available basis" without warranty of any kind. DeviceSpecifications is not responsible for any omissions, inaccuracies or other errors in the information it publishes. All warranties with respect to this information are disclaimed. Reproduction of any part of this website in its entirety or partially or in any form or medium without prior written permission is prohibited. The trademarks, marques and logos of the manufacturers of devices, software, hardware, etc. are the property of their respective owners.. 
MENU NEW PHONES 2018 BEST PHONES NETWORKS PHONES BY CATEGORY PHONE CHOOSER. Most Popular The Best Phones In 2018 New And Upcoming 2018 Phones in Pictures Don't choose the wrong phone: Let us find your 3 best phones By Mobile Network AT&T Sprint T-Mobile Verizon Wireless All U.S. Networks Canada Networks UK Networks Cell Phones Samsung LG HTC Smartphones BLU Sony Google Nokia Motorola BlackBerry Alcatel ZTE Apple (iPhone) Kyocera Huawei Lenovo Micromax Oppo Acer Asus (+) Much more brands... 7 Additional Pictures Pros And Cons Review Best Phones As Of February 2018 (12 Categories) See New BLU Phones 2018 In Pictures. 45 Important BLU Studio Pro Specs. Key Specs Processing features quad-core 1.3GHz MediaTek 6580 (RAM: 1GB) Display details 1280 x 720 5-inch display Imaging Main/back: 8-megapixel + 2-megapixel , Frontal (Selfies): 5-megapixel , Video: 1920 x 1080-pixel resolution (30 frames per second) Release date Jul 31, 2017 Camera Details Camera Resolution 8-megapixel + 2-megapixel Camera flash Dual LED Camera Options Bokeh Mode Max Video Resolution 1920 x 1080 px Video frames per second 30 SELFIE CAMERA Selfie Cam Resolution 5-megapixel Selfie flash LED Display Display size 5 inches Display dots per inch 294 DPI Display Resolution 1280 x 720 px Display's superficy 10.68 square inches Display's superficy (metric) 271.27 square mm Display total pixels 921600 Processing Power Operating System Android 7.0 Nougat Processor MediaTek 6580 CPU Cores 4 Processor Speed 1.3GHz RAM 1GB Graphic Processor (GPU) Mali-400 Physical Features Weight (grams) 151 g Thickness (metric) 9.9 mm Width (metric) 72.8 mm Height (metric) 144.1 mm Grams per cubic cm 0.15 g/cu cm Available colors Black Gray Rose Gold Gold Included Accessories Screen protector Silicone case Earphones Connectivity 3G Networks 3G (850/900/1700/1900/2100MHz), HSPA+ SIM card type Micro SIM (Dual) Bluetooth Technology 4.1 USB class Micro USB v2.0 Mobile hotspot Yes Storage Memory Memory 8GB Memory Expansion microSD Expansion Limit up to 64GB Battery Life Battery Power 2000mAh mAh per gram 13 mAh/g mAh per mm thick 202 mAh/mm of thickness mAh per display square in. General Specs Manufacture product ID S750P Other features UPC code 848958031840 (Black), 848958031857 (Gray), 848958031871 (Gold), 848958031864 (Rose Gold) Finish Diamond-cut polished metal chamfer, Aluminum housing. the Studio Pro, by BLU is one of the slowest-running 2017 Androids, relying on a 1.3GHz dual-core-only processor and an almost-insignificant 512MB RAM.. Also known as: BLU Pro Studio.. Though suffering from a 1GB-only RAM, the BLU Studio Pro manages to squeeze a dual-camera system (8-megapixel+ 2-megapixel) into its specs. We list down its other pros and cons in this technical evaluation. See all the recent BLU phones.. You Should Also Be Interested In These:. * We cannot guarantee that these specs are accurate. We urge you to do a confirmation of the key specs before making a final choice. Cell phone manufacturers sometimes omit certain functions, making it difficult for us to guess whether or not a specific cell phone has a specific function. If you find an error in this list of features, please let us know as soon as possible.. Don't Be Selfish & Let Others Know... * Prices shown are only indicative. They were recently fetched by our system and may have changed meanwhile.. 
Fecha de lanzamiento Septiembre de 2017. Sistema operativo Android 7.0 Nougat. Tamaño 5 pulgadas 594 Resolución 720 x 1280 px Densidad 294 ppi (pixeles por pulgada) 67. Primaria 8 MP 391 (3264 x 2448 px) Secundaria 5 MP 209 (2560 x 1920 px). Capacidad 2000 mAh 151. SoC Mediatek MT6580 Memoria RAM 1 GB 250 Almacenamiento interno 8 GB 7. Material constructivo Materiales utilizados en la construcción del dispositivo. Micro-SIM (3FF - third form factor, since 2003, 15.00 x 12.00 x 0.76 mm). Doble SIM en reposo (cuando una esté ocupada la otra no estará activa). UMTS 850 MHz UMTS 900 MHz UMTS 1700/2100 MHz UMTS 1900 MHz UMTS 2100 MHz. GSM 850 MHz GSM 900 MHz GSM 1800 MHz GSM 1900 MHz. UMTS (384 kbit/s ) EDGE GPRS HSPA+ (HSUPA 5.76 Mbit/s , HSDPA 21 Mbit/s ). SoC System-on-a-chip o SoC (sistema en chip, también referido como system-on-chip). Memoria caché de nivel 1 (L1). 32 KB + 32 KB (kilobytes). Memoria caché de nivel 2 (L2). Almacenamiento interno Algunos modelos de dispositivos pueden ofrecer diferentes cantidades de memoria interna. 5 V (volts) / 1 A (amps). Área de la pantalla Porcentaje del área frontal total del dispositivo ocupado por la pantalla. Proporción Relación existente entre el alto y el ancho del dispositivo. Foco automático Disparador continuo Zoom digital Geo-etiquetado Permite almacenar en las fotos tomadas su ubicación geográfica. Panorama HDR Foto táctil Detector de rostros White balance settings ISO settings Exposure compensation Temporizador Scene mode Secondary rear camera - 2 MP. 802.11b (IEEE 802.11b-1999) 802.11g (IEEE 802.11g-2003) 802.11n (IEEE 802.11n-2009) Wi-Fi Hotspot. Sincronización con la computadora OTA sync Anclaje a red (tethering). AAC (Advanced Audio Coding) AMR / AMR-NB / GSM-AMR (Adaptive Multi-Rate, .amr, .3ga) eAAC+ / aacPlus v2 / HE-AAC v2 FLAC (Free Lossless Audio Codec, .flac) MIDI MP3 (MPEG-2 Audio Layer II, .mp3) OGG (.ogg, .ogv, .oga, .ogx, .spx, .opus) WMA (Windows Media Audio, .wma) WAV (Waveform Audio File Format, .wav, .wave). 3GPP (3rd Generation Partnership Project, .3gp) AVI (Audio Video Interleaved, .avi) H.263 H.264 / MPEG-4 Part 10 / AVC video MP4 (MPEG-4 Part 14, .mp4, .m4a, .m4p, .m4b, .m4r, .m4v) Xvid. La información en este sitio web se proporciona "tal cual como base disponible", sin garantía de ningún tipo. DE CARACTERISTICAS no se hace responsable de las omisiones, imprecisiones u otros errores en la información que publica. Todas las garantías con respecto a esta información se renuncia. Está prohibida la reproducción de cualquier parte de esta página web en su totalidad o en parte o en cualquier forma o medio sin el consentimiento previo por escrito. Las marcas registradas, marcas y logotipos de los fabricantes de dispositivos, software, hardware, etc. son propiedad de sus respectivos dueños.. 
Compare Articles Tech News Reviews Comparisons Deals Mr. Phone Picks Featured Stories Phone Leaks All Popular Brands Latest Phones Phone Finder Top Categories Events Videos. Devices see all Articles see all. Home Brands BLU BLU Studio Pro. 319 Views Add to Compare. 144.1 x 72.8 x 9.9 mm. Privacy About us Sitemap Editorial Team Follow us:. 
BLU Studio Pro LiQuid Shield Screen Protector. BLU Studio Pro LiQuid Shield Screen Protector. BLU Studio Pro BLU Studio Pro LiQuid Shield Screen Protector We are constantly coming up with new ways to keep our electronic devices protected. While our IQ Shield is designed specifically for flat screen surfaces, weve also engineered a film that is able to completely cover your entire BLU Studio Pro! Our IQ Shield film is pliable, allowing it to wrap itself against round edges and corners, but tough and highly durable to withstand physical wear and tear. Virtually invisible to the naked eye, our IQ Shield film also utilizes four layers of coating: a UV protective coating to prevent the film from yellowing, a thermoplastic urethane layer for transparency and elasticity, a tough protective liner and an advanced adhesive bottom layer. Each IQ Shield is specifically designed for particular devices, and are tested thoroughly to provide you the perfect fit. Flexible and extremely tough film thats able to fit round edges and corners Constructed with four thin layers of high-quality protection Completely invisible to the naked eye Utilizes a UV protective layer to eliminate any yellowing Tough, durable protective liner Advanced adhesive that creates a strong bond between the film and your device Wont leave any sticky adhesive on your device Included in package: BLU Studio Pro LIQuid Shield Screen Protector Microfiber Cloth Installation Solution Installation Squeegee Installation instructions LIFETIME REPLACEMENT: If you have received a defective product or if the film has become permanently damaged over time, we will happily send you a brand new IQ Shield screen protector or full body skin. Please note that the IQ Shield Lifetime Replacement does not cover items that have been mishandled or damaged through installation errors. That includes imperfections like air bubbles, dust, dirt or fingerprints getting caught underneath the film, improper alignment and stretching of the film. We encourage all customers to read our instructions thoroughly before installing your IQ Shield on your device. For more information, please visit the FAQ. DISCLAIMER: Exposing excessive amounts of water or other liquids may cause harm to your device. IQ Shield will not be responsible for damage caused to your device due to excessive use of liquids or improper installation. LIQuid Shield™ BLU Studio Pro Screen Protector. Item # IQ32118 Regular Price $7.85 Quantity. We are constantly coming up with new ways to keep our electronic devices protected. While our IQ Shield is designed specifically for flat screen surfaces, weve also engineered a film that is able to completely cover your entire BLU Studio Pro! Our IQ Shield film is pliable, allowing it to wrap itself against round edges and corners, but tough and highly durable to withstand physical wear and tear. Virtually invisible to the naked eye, our IQ Shield film also utilizes four layers of coating: a UV protective coating to prevent the film from yellowing, a thermoplastic urethane layer for transparency and elasticity, a tough protective liner and an advanced adhesive bottom layer. Each IQ Shield is specifically designed for particular devices, and are tested thoroughly to provide you the perfect fit. Flexible and extremely tough film thats able to fit round edges and corners Constructed with four thin layers of high-quality protection Completely invisible to the naked eye Utilizes a UV protective layer to eliminate any yellowing Tough, durable protective liner Advanced adhesive that creates a strong bond between the film and your device Wont leave any sticky adhesive on your device Included in package: BLU Studio Pro LIQuid Shield Screen Protector Microfiber Cloth Installation Solution Installation Squeegee Installation instructions LIFETIME REPLACEMENT: If you have received a defective product or if the film has become permanently damaged over time, we will happily send you a brand new IQ Shield screen protector or full body skin. Please note that the IQ Shield Lifetime Replacement does not cover items that have been mishandled or damaged through installation errors. That includes imperfections like air bubbles, dust, dirt or fingerprints getting caught underneath the film, improper alignment and stretching of the film. We encourage all customers to read our instructions thoroughly before installing your IQ Shield on your device. For more information, please visit the FAQ. DISCLAIMER: Exposing excessive amounts of water or other liquids may cause harm to your device. IQ Shield will not be responsible for damage caused to your device due to excessive use of liquids or improper installation.. BLU Studio Pro LiQuid Shield Screen Protector BLU Studio Pro LiQuid Shield Full Body Skin Protector BLU Studio Pro Matte Screen Protector BLU Studio Pro Matte Full Body Skin Protector. Amazon Apple BlackBerry HTC Huawei Google Kyocera LG Motorola Nokia Samsung Sony ZTE OTHER BRANDS. Amazon E-Books Amazon Phones Amazon Tablets Amazon Set-Top Boxes Amazon Speakers. Apple Laptops Apple mp3 Players Apple Phones Apple Tablets Apple Miscellaneous Apple Watches. HTC Phones HTC Tablets HTC Watches. Huawei Phones Huawei Tablets Huawei Watches. Google Laptops Google Phones Google Tablets Google Misc. LG Phones LG Tablets LG Watches LG Laptops. Motorola Phones Motorola Tablets Motorola Watches. Nokia Phones Nokia Tablets Nokia Watches. Samsung Cameras Samsung Laptops Samsung mp3 Players Samsung Phones Samsung Tablets Samsung Watches Samsung 3D Glasses. Sony Cameras Sony E-Books Sony Laptops Sony Phones Sony Tablets Sony Watches Sony PlayStation Sony PlayStation Portable. ZTE Phones ZTE Tablets ZTE Watches. 
Technology News & Reviews For Smart Phones, Tablets, Laptops, T.v – TECHTOYREVIEWS smart phone review, tablets review, laptop review and latest news from techtoyreviews. Smartphones Apple Asus Blu Blackberry HTC Huawei LG Lenovo Motorola Nokia Samsung Sony Xiaomi Tablet Asus Apple Dell Lenovo Samsung Sony Laptop Acer Asus Dell HP Lenovo Cameras Canon Fujifilm Nikon Leica Olympus Panasonic Sony TVs/Displays LG Panasonic Samsung Sony Accessories App/Game Reviews Contact us Privacy Policy About Us. Breaking News RC Quadcopter Deals: Hubsan X4 H107D Drone Quadcopter For just $48.99 Best Camera Gimbal Deals: Zhiyun Crane V2 3-Axis Gimbal Stabilizer at just $399 Flash Sales With FeiyuTech Vimble c Gimbal Stabilizer for just $99.99 Deals: Dodocool N300 Wireless Range Extender at $11.99 with our Coupon Flash Sale: Xiaomi Wifi Amplifier 2 Wireless Repeater Only at $7.99. Home » Smartphones » Blu » Blu Studio Pro With Dual Rear Cameras and Android Nougat Announced. Blu Studio Pro With Dual Rear Cameras and Android Nougat Announced. Ankeet Solanki September 2, 2017 Leave a comment. Blu Studio Pro Dual Camera Blu Studio Pro Design Blu Studio Pro Specifications. Blu Studio Pro, the company’s first dual rear camera smartphone, has been launched in USA. It is now listed on the company’s official website with full specifications, but we will still have to wait for its price. Blu in the past year has lost out to dealing with allegations of preloading spyware on its devices more than once in as 12-month span. The company has refuted the most recent claim, calling it a “false alarm” and to make a comeback, it will look to change its game and introduce some premium features to its budget to mid-range lineup, and perhaps a dual rear camera setup is one way to do that.. The biggest highlight of the Blu Studio Pro is its dual rear camera setup. The smartphone is the first of the Blu Studio series, one of the camera sensors is tasked with focus and the other is tasked with capturing depth of field information. The dual camera mode is enabled by default on the smartphone, and enables other modes like Bokeh Mode. It also captures video in FullHD (1080p) resolution at 30fps.. Deal: $100 Discount for Blu Vivo 8 Selfie Phone ). On the front, the Blu Studio Pro sports 5-megapixel camera, with a soft selfie flash module to capture clear and bright self-portraits and video calling.. Blu is also touting the Studio Pro’s design, and it is claimed to be crafted for a smooth form factor that is easily held for a photographic experience. It has a diamond cut polished chamfer edge on the camera to compliment the already superior metal housing. It features AI aluminum metal back panel that boasting a strength of the device.. The Android 7.0 Nougat -based Blu Studio Pro bears a 5.0-inch HD (720 x 1280 pixels) IPS LCD display. It is powered by a MediaTek 6580 quad-core processor clocked at 1.3GHz coupled with Mali-400 GPU and 1GB of RAM. It bears 8GB of inbuilt storage, and users can expand it via microSD card up to 64GB in a dual-SIM card configuration.. Connectivity options include 3G HSPA +, Wi-Fi 802.11ac, Bluetooth 4.1, 3.5mm audio jack, and USB 2.0. It sports a 2000mAh battery, the device measures 144.1 x 72.8 x 9.9mm and weighs in at 151 grams.. Share Facebook Twitter Google + LinkedIn Pinterest. Tags Android 7 Android Nougat BLU Blu Studio Pro Blu Studio Pro Design Blu Studio Pro Dual Camera Blu Studio Pro Specifications Dual Camera Studio Pro. He is physically challenged, but strong enough to survive in this tough world. He started this blog as a hobby to show his affection for gadgets, but over the time this hobby became professional. And now he is working as a full-time blogger, but in free time he loves watching movies and games. PayPal donation for TechToyReviews will be appreciated.. Previous Deal: $100 Discount for Blu Vivo 8 Selfie Phone With 16MP Front Camera, Android Nougat. Next NBA 2K18: Neighborhood Experience Unveiled. Sony Xperia XZ2 Compact With 5.0-inch Full HD+ HDR display, SD 845 Launched at MWC 2018. Sony Xperia XZ2 With 5.7-inch Full HD+ HDR display, SD 845 Announced at MWC 2018. ZTE Temp Go With Android Go Official at MWC 2018: Price and Specifications. Nokia 8110 4G Feature Phone Official at MWC 2018: Price, and Specifications. HMD Global at the MWC 2018 announced the new feature phone called Nokia 8110 4G …. Leave a Reply Cancel reply. Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *. Sony Xperia XA2 Ultra Factory Unlocked Phone - 6"... Sale Sony Xperia XA2 Factory Unlocked Phone - 5.2"... Sale Sony Xperia L2 Factory Unlocked Phone - 5.5Inch... ASUS ZenFone Max, 5.7” LTE Unlocked Smartphone,... Huawei Mate SE Factory Unlocked Phone - 5.93Inch... Sale BLU VIVO X – 6.0” HD+18:9 Display Smartphone... BLU Pure View Factory Unlocked Phone - 5.7" Screen... Honor 7X - 18:9 screen ratio, 5.93" full-view... Best Car GPS Deals: Android-Powered Car GPS Navigation System at just $105 posted on February 22, 2018 | under Accessories Deals: LG Q6 Will be Available With Discounts in Amazon’s Daily Deal posted on February 22, 2018 | under LG , Smartphones Nokia 7 Plus Official at MWC 2018: Price, and Specifications posted on February 26, 2018 | under Nokia , Smartphones Blu Grand M2 With 5MP Rear and Front Camera Now Available in UK for £59.99 posted on February 20, 2018 | under Blu , Smartphones Blu Vivo X Price in UK, Specifications, and Availability posted on February 20, 2018 | under Blu , Smartphones Optoma UHD300X 4K HDR Projector With DLP, Priced at £1500 posted on February 21, 2018 | under Accessories Burnout Paradise Remastered is Now Available for Pre-Order on Amazon posted on February 21, 2018 | under App Reviews Archos Citee Connect: World’s First Android Electric Scooter posted on February 21, 2018 | under Accessories Sony Xperia XZ2 and Xperia XZ2 Compact: New Features and Prices posted on February 21, 2018 | under Smartphones , Sony Wharfedale DS-2 Bluetooth Speakers Announced posted on February 21, 2018 | under Accessories. Canon EOS M50 Mirrorless Camera With 4K Video, 24.1MP Sensor Announced: Price and Availability Sony Xperia Ear Duo Wireless Headphones Announced at MWC 2018 2-Pack Wi-Fi enabled Smart Plug With Echo Alexa Support Gets Discounted Sony Xperia XZ2 Compact With 5.0-inch Full HD+ HDR display, SD 845 Launched at MWC 2018 Sony Xperia XZ2 With 5.7-inch Full HD+ HDR display, SD 845 Announced at MWC 2018. Reviews for Smartphone, Tablets and Laptops from Techtoyreviews © 2017. 
Shopping Cart: Your Cart is currently empty. Shopping Cart: Your Cart is currently empty. BLU Grand 5.5 HD II G210Q. BLU Studio J8 LTE 16GB S0351ww. BLU Grand XL LTE G0030ww 8GB. BLU Studio J8 LTE 8GB S0350ww. BLU Grand XL LTE G0031ww 16GB. BLU Life One X2 L0091uu 64GB. BLU Life ONE X2 Mini L0130uu. BLU Life One X2 L0090uu 16GB. Lexar Media USB Card Reader for Memory Stick (RW012001). BLU Energy X Plus 2 E150q. BLU Dash X Plus LTE D0030uu. BLU Studio G HD LTE S0250uu. BLU ArmorFlex Case for Studio X D750U or D750L. for exclusive phone reviews and un-boxing videos. 
Apple BlackBerry BLU Coolpad Gionee Google HTC Huawei Karbonn Lenovo LG Micromax Motorola Nokia OPPO Oneplus Samsung Sony Vivo Panasonic Xiaomi Xolo. APPLE COOLPAD GIONEE INTEX HTC LENOVO KARBON VIVO LEECO XOLO NOKIA LG ASUS BLACKBERRY SONY LAVA OPPO PANASONIC SAMSUNG XIAOMI HUAWEI GOOGLE ONEPLUS MOTOROLA MICROMAX BLU. If you liked this Product, then please subscribe to our site for Online Mobile Shopping. You can also find us on Facebook and Instagram .. Compare Vivo V7 vs Vivo V7 Plus February 25, 2018 Compare Oneplus 5T vs Apple iPhone X February 24, 2018 Compare Apple iPhone 8 Plus vs Samsung Galaxy S8 Plus February 24, 2018 Compare Xperia XA2 Ultra vs Xperia XA2 February 23, 2018 Compare Redmi Note 5 pro vs Redmi Note 5 February 17, 2018. Home » Products » Phones » BLU » BLU Studio Pro. Related Mobile Phones BLU Life One X3 $ 215.00 Add to cart BLU C5 $ 70.00 Add to cart BLU Studio G Mini $ 60.00 Add to cart BLU Studio J8 $ 60.00 Add to cart. BLU Studio Pro Add to cart. 1 GB RAM 8 GB ROM 5.0-inch. OS 8+2 MP Rear Camera 5 MP Front Camera 1.3 GHz Processor 2000 mAh Battery. Description BLU Studio Pro price and Specifications. Smartphone comes with 5.0- inch IPS LCD capacitive touchscreen display. It comes with 1 GB of RAM and the phone packs an 8 GB internal storage.. BLU Studio Pro Features an 8 MP + 2 MP Primary camera and 5 MP front camera.. Model Name Studio Pro Release date August 2017 Color Black, Rose Gold, Gold, Grey SIM Type Dual Touchscreen Yes Hybrid Sim Slot No OTG Compatible No Dimensions (mm) 144.1 x 72.8 x 9.9 weight (g) 151 Removable Battery No Battery Capacity 2000 mAh Battery. Display Size 5.0 inch Resolution 1280 x 720 pixels Resolution Type HD Display Type IPS LCD. Processor Type Mediatek MT6580 Processor core Quad- Core Processor Clock Speed 1.3 GHz Expandable Storage 64 GB Internal storage 8 GB RAM 1 GB Expandable storage type MicroSD. Rear camera 8 MP + 2 MP Flash Yes Front camera 5 MP. 4G/LTE No WI-Fi Yes Wi-Fi version 802.11b/g/n GPS Yes Bluetooth Yes Bluetooth Version 4.2 Audio Jack 3.5 mm Wi-Fi Hotspot Yes SIM Type Micro SIM Infrared No NFC No. Price in India Expected Price: Rs.4,500 approx Price in USD Expected Price: $60 approx. Galaxy S9 Plus $ 1,150.00 Galaxy S9 $ 1,000.00 LG K8 (2018) $ 130.00 LG K10 Alpha (2018) $ 130.00 LG K10 Plus (2018) $ 180.00. Apple iPhone X Apple iPhone 8 Plus Vivo X20 Plus UD Galaxy A8 (2018). 
BLU Studio Pro Price in USA. BLU Studio Pro Price in USA. The Retail Price of BLU Studio Pro is USD 70. Check the Most updated Price of BLU Studio Pro Price in USA and detail Specifications, features and compare BLU Studio Pro Prices Features and Detail Specs with upto 3 Products. BLU Studio Pro Specs and Features. GSM 850 / 900 / 1800 / 1900 - SIM 1 & SIM 2. HSDPA 850 / 1700(AWS) / 1900 / 2100. 144.1 x 72.8 x 9.9 mm. IPS LCD capacitive touchscreen, 16M colors. 720 x 1280 pixels, 294 ppi pixel density. MP4/H.264 player , MP3/WAV/eAAC+ player , Photo/video editor , Document viewer. Best Price of BLU Studio Pro in USA is USD 70 as of February 26, 2018. The Latest BLU Studio Pro Price in USA updated on daily bases from the local market shops/Showrooms and price list provided by the dealers of BLU in USA we are trying to delivering possible best and Cheap Price/offers or deals of BLU Studio Pro in USA and Full Specs, but we are can’t grantee the information are 100% correct(human error is possible), All prices mentioned are in USD and USD and valid all over the USA including New York, California, Texas Slight deviations are expected.. For Suggestions, Feedback or fond any error in rates or specs Please Send an Email .. Disclaimer: Latest and New Mobiles, Smartphones and Cell Phones Price List / Prices are updated regularly from USA's Local Mobile Phone market. We are trying to provided best possible Mobile Phone prices in USA and detailed Specifications, but we cannot guarantee all information's are 100% correct. The latest launched Cell Phones are priced on the basis of international offerings without including shipment costs and taxes.. © Copyrights by CMobilePrice 2017. 
