Select the department you want to search in. Sign in Account & Lists Sign in Account & Lists Orders Try Prime Cart. Your Amazon.com Today's Deals Gift Cards Registry Sell Help Disability Customer Support. 1-16 of 17 results for "blu studio j1". See all results for blu studio j1 .. BLU Studio J1 (8GB) 4.0" Smartphone - GSM Factory Unlocked (US Warranty) Blue. Only 6 left in stock - order soon.. on the battery cover, the STUDIO J1 provides a great paint free .... BLU Studio J1 (8GB) 4.0" Smartphone - GSM Factory Unlocked (US Warranty) Black. Only 13 left in stock - order soon.. BLU's Studio J1 is all about Great Design, with a special matte and .... BLU Studio J1 (8GB) 4.0" Smartphone - GSM Factory Unlocked (US Warranty) (White). Only 8 left in stock - order soon.. on the battery cover, the STUDIO J1 provides a great paint free .... Bluetooth Headphones, bluetooth Headphones Sport Wireless Earbuds In-Ear Stereo Earphones with Mic Suitable For BLU STUDIO J1, BLU STUDIO SELFIE 3, BLU STUDIO SELFIE LTE, BLU STUDIO J2. by WAM BLU Bluetooth Headphones. Winning Eleven Playmaker 2009 [Japan Import]. $9.45 (36 used &amp new offers). VanGoddy Carry All "H" Wallet with Cell Phone Compartment Suitable for Up to 6.5in Smartphones. Aurora BLU R1 R1 Plus BLU Studio Selfie BLU Life One X2 Mini .... Jikkyou Powerful Major League 2 Wii [Japan Import]. $11.62 (59 used &amp new offers). beatmania IIDX 16 Empress + Premium Best [Japan Import]. Only 10 left in stock - order soon.. $114.24 (56 used &amp new offers). Darksiders: Shinpan no Toki [Japan Import]. $10.00 (45 used &amp new offers). Castlevania: Lords of Shadow [Japan Import]. $9.00 (44 used &amp new offers). Jikkyou Powerful Pro Yakyuu Wii Ketteiban [Japan Import]. $25.61 (28 used &amp new offers). Winning Eleven Playmaker 2012 [Japan Import]. Only 1 left in stock - order soon.. $17.45 (49 used &amp new offers). GTI Club World: City Race [Japan Import]. $41.99 (53 used &amp new offers). World Soccer Winning Eleven 2010 [Japan Import]. Only 1 left in stock - order soon.. $4.00 (45 used &amp new offers). Jikkyou Powerful Pro Yakyuu Next [Japan Import]. Only 1 left in stock - order soon.. $34.53 (43 used &amp new offers). Jikkyou Powerful Pro Yakyuu 15 [Japan Import]. Only 10 left in stock - order soon.. $33.42 (35 used &amp new offers). All customers get FREE Shipping on orders over $25 shipped by Amazon. Cell Phone Cases, Holsters & Clips. 4 Stars & Up & Up. 3 Stars & Up & Up. 2 Stars & Up & Up. 1 Star & Up & Up. There's a problem loading this menu right now.. Get fast, free shipping with Amazon Prime. Prime members enjoy FREE Two-Day Shipping and exclusive access to music, movies, TV shows, original audio series, and Kindle books.. Careers About Amazon Investor Relations Amazon Devices. Sell on Amazon Sell Your Services on Amazon Sell on Amazon Business Sell Your Apps on Amazon Become an Affiliate Advertise Your Products Self-Publish with Us › See all. Amazon Rewards Visa Signature Cards Amazon.com Store Card Amazon.com Corporate Credit Line Shop with Points Credit Card Marketplace Reload Your Balance Amazon Currency Converter. Your Account Your Orders Shipping Rates & Policies Amazon Prime Returns & Replacements Manage Your Content and Devices Amazon Assistant Help. Amazon Music Stream millions of songs. Amazon Drive Cloud storage from Amazon. 6pm Score deals on fashion brands. AbeBooks Books, art & collectibles. ACX Audiobook Publishing Made Easy. Alexa Actionable Analytics for the Web. Amazon Business Everything For Your Business. AmazonFresh Groceries & More Right To Your Door. AmazonGlobal Ship Orders Internationally. Home Services Handpicked Pros Happiness Guarantee. Amazon Inspire Digital Educational Resources. Amazon Rapids Fun stories for kids on the go. Amazon Restaurants Food delivery from local restaurants. Amazon Video Direct Video Distribution Made Easy. Amazon Web Services Scalable Cloud Computing Services. Audible Download Audio Books. AudiobookStand Discount Audiobooks on Disc. Book Depository Books With Free Delivery Worldwide. Box Office Mojo Find Movie Box Office Data. ComiXology Thousands of Digital Comics. CreateSpace Indie Print Publishing Made Easy. DPReview Digital Photography. East Dane Designer Men's Fashion. Fabric Sewing, Quilting & Knitting. Goodreads Book reviews & recommendations. IMDb Movies, TV & Celebrities. IMDbPro Get Info Entertainment Professionals Need. Junglee.com Shop Online in India. Kindle Direct Publishing Indie Digital Publishing Made Easy. Prime Now FREE 2-Hour Delivery on Everyday Items. Prime Photos Unlimited Photo Storage Free With Prime. Shopbop Designer Fashion Brands. TenMarks.com Math Activities for Kids & Schools. Warehouse Deals Open-Box Discounts. Whole Foods Market America’s Healthiest Grocery Store. Withoutabox Submit to Film Festivals. Woot! Deals and Shenanigans. Zappos Shoes & Clothing. Souq.com Shop Online in the Middle East. Subscribe with Amazon Discover & try subscription services. Conditions of Use Privacy Notice Interest-Based Ads © 1996-2018, Amazon.com, Inc. 
GSM 850 / 900 / 1800 / 1900 - SIM 1 & SIM 2. HSDPA 850 / 1700(AWS) / 1900 / 2100. 121.5 x 62.5 x 10.3 mm (4.78 x 2.46 x 0.41 in). IPS LCD capacitive touchscreen, 16M colors. 4.0 inches, 45.5 cm 2 (~60.0% screen-to-body ratio). 480 x 800 pixels, 5:3 ratio (~233 ppi density). SMS(threaded view), MMS, Email, Push Email, IM. Up to 450 h (2G) / Up to 400 h (3G). Up to 17 h (2G) / Up to 13 h (3G). We can not guarantee that the information on this page is 100% correct. BLU Studio J1 - user opinions and reviews. Why is this phone made? It has only 512MB RAM and it is slow. Looks like phone from 2012 but with new hardware. Samsung Apple Nokia Sony LG HTC Motorola Huawei Microsoft Lenovo Xiaomi Google Acer Asus Oppo OnePlus Meizu BlackBerry Alcatel ZTE Toshiba Vodafone Energizer XOLO Lava Micromax BLU Gionee vivo LeEco Panasonic HP YU verykool Maxwest Plum. BLU Advance 4.0 L3 BLU Advance 4.0 M BLU Vivo 5 Mini BLU Studio J2 BLU Studio G Mini BLU Studio X8 HD. BLU Vivo X BLU Vivo 8 BLU Vivo One BLU Vivo XL BLU Vivo 5 BLU Life One X3. 
Hi! Get more out of Walmart.com. Stretch your tax refund FREE Grocery Pickup See All Departments. Reorder Items Pickup Today Track Order Your Account Store Finder. Shop Electronics Smart Home Wearable Tech Cameras & Camcorders Walmart for Business Video Games. Shop all TV & Video TVs DVD & Blu-ray Players Home Audio & Theater TV Accessories. Shop all Cell Phones Straight Talk Phones Unlocked Phones Contract Phones No-Contract Phones Prepaid Minutes & Data Cases & Accessories. Shop all iPad & Tablets iPad Windows Tablets Android Tablets Accessories. Shop all Computers Laptops Desktops PC Gaming Printers & Supplies Networking Software Monitors Accessories. Shop all Auto Electronics GPS & Navigation. Shop all Portable Audio iPod & MP3 Players Headphones Speakers & Docks. Shop all Office Supplies Office Electronics School Supplies. Star Wars Marvel: Avengers Musical Instruments Computer Software. Shop all Movies & TV 2-Day Shipping Action & Adventure Blu-ray Discs Boxed Sets Children & Family Instawatch Movie DVDs New Releases Preorders TV Shows. Shop all Music 2-Day Shipping Music Gift Cards Country Music Soundtracks Vinyl New Releases Pop R&B / Soul Rock Top 100 CDs. Shop all Books Deals in books Preorders New Releases Biographies & Memoirs Children's Books Christian Books & Bibles Cookbooks, Food & Wine Comics & Graphic Novels Crafts & Hobbies Humor Literature & Fiction Health and Wellness Teen & Young Adult. Shop all Shop By Room Living Room Bedroom Bathroom Dining Room Kitchen Kids' Room Teens' Room Patio Entryway Office. Shop all Shop By Category Appliances Bath Bedding Furniture Home Decor Kids’ Bedding Kids’ Furniture Kitchen & Dining Lighting Mattresses Patio & Garden Rugs Storage & Organization Vacuums & Floor Care Window Coverings. Shop all Brand Shops KitchenAid Better Homes and Gardens The Pioneer Woman Mainstays. Shop all Specialty Shops Home Gift Guide Back to College Shop by Style. Shop All Home Improvement Bathroom Renovations Kitchen Renovations Water Purification Generators Garage & Storage. Shop all Air Quality Dehumidifiers Humidifiers. Shop all Tools Power Tools Hand Tools. Shop all Heating & Cooling Heaters Fireplaces Stoves. Shop all Paint Interior & Exterior Paint Ladders. Shop all Patio & Garden Patio Furniture Patio & Outdoor Decor Sheds & Outdoor Storage Outdoor Shade Grills & Outdoor Cooking Outdoor Heating Swimming Pools Hot Tubs & Saunas. Shop all Garden Center Outdoor Power Equipment Landscaping Pots & Planters. Shop all Industrial & Scientific Janitorial & Sanitation Supplies Food Service Equipment. Shop All Clothing Intimates & Sleepwear All Shoes Boys' Girls' Swim Shop Spring Fashion Activewear Shop School Uniforms Precious Metals Bags & Accessories Luggage Sleepwear Shop Premium Beauty Fashion Brands Clearance & More. Shop all Women's Women's Plus Juniors' Maternity Women's Shoes. Shop all Jewelry Wedding & Engagement Watches Fine Jewelry Fashion Jewelry Personalized Jewelry. Shop all Men's Men's Big & Tall Young Men's Men's Shoes Men's Jewelry. Shop all Baby & Toddlers' Baby Girl Baby Boy Toddler Girl Toddler Boy Baby & Kids' Shoes. Shop All Baby Baby Deals Parent's Choice Britax Premium Brands Restock Shop Baby Registry Baby Box Strollers Car Seats Baby & Toddler Clothing. Shop all Diapering & Potty Diapers Wipes Diaper Bags. Shop all Feeding Breast Feeding Bottle Feeding Baby Formula Baby Food Toddler Feeding Bibs & Burp Cloths. Shop all Nursery & Décor Cribs Furniture Bedding Décor. Shop all Toddler Room Furniture Bedding. Shop all Play & Travel Gear Playstations & Walkers Playards Swings Carriers & Wraps Baby & Toddler Toys. Shop all Health & Safety Bath Baby Gates Baby Monitors Baby Care. Toys Savings Musical Instruments Boys' Toys Girls' Toys Xbox One X Retro Gaming. Shop all Toys Action Figures Dolls & Dollhouses Cars, Drones & RC LEGO & Building Sets Pretend Play Arts & Crafts Electronics for Kids Learning Toys Nerf & Blasters Stuffed Animals & Plush Games & Puzzles. Shop all Bikes & Ride-Ons Kids' Bikes Ride-On Toys Hoverboards. Shop all Outdoor Play Swing Sets Trampolines. Shop all Shop by Age Preschool 5-7 8-11 12+. Shop all Video Games Virtual Reality New Releases PlayStation 4 Xbox One Nintendo Switch Accessories Digital Gaming Nintendo 3DS / 2DS Nintendo Wii U / Wii PlayStation VR Preorders Used Games. Restock Shop Fresh Flowers Meal Kits & Specialty Food Boxes Grocery Pickup & Delivery. Shop all Shop All Food Coffee Beverages Snacks & Cookies Breakfast & Cereal Meals Condiments Pasta Candy & Gum Soups Canned Goods Emergency Food Baking Center International Food. Shop all Household Essentials Laundry Room Kitchen Bathroom Paper & Plastic Cleaning Supplies Air Fresheners Batteries Pest Control As Seen On TV Light Bulbs. Shop all Shop All Pets Cats Dogs Fish Small Animals Birds Equine Reptiles. Shop all Clearance & Rollbacks Food Household Essentials Pets. Shop all Beauty Makeup Skin Care Fragrances Beauty Tools Hair Care Premium Beauty. Shop all Brands We Love Flower Culturelle OralB Braun ReliOn. Shop all Personal Care Feminine Care Incontinence. Shop all Shave Electric Shavers Razors. Shop all Oral Care Electric Toothbrushes Water Flossers. Shop all Bath & Body Lotions Body Wash. Shop all Vision Center Prescription Eyewear Contact Lenses. Shop all Health Medicine Cabinet Cold, Cough and Flu Digestive Health Home Health Care Diabetes Management. Shop all Wellness Supplements Protein & Fitness Weight Management Aromatherapy. Shop all Pharmacy Refill Prescriptions Transfer Prescriptions. Shop All Sports Outdoor Sports Emergency Prep Ozark Trail Hunting Trampolines Game Room Basketball Sports Fanshop. Shop all Camping Tents Airbeds Canopies & Shelters. Shop all Fishing Rod & Reel Combos. Shop all Boats & Water Sports Canoes, Kayaks & Boats. Shop all Recreation Bikes Lawn Games Air Soft Air Guns Golf. Shop all Team Sports Baseball & Softball Football. Shop all Exercise & Fitness Boxing Mixed Martial Arts. Shop all Exercise Machines Treadmills Bikes Ellipticals Home Gyms. Shop all Strength and Weight Training Fitness Accessories Ab & Core Toners. Shop All Auto Tires Batteries & Accessories Diagnostic Tools Auto Paint & Accessories Auto Interior Auto Exterior Windshield Wipers Motorcycles & ATVs RV Parts & Accessories Auto Detailing & Car Care Auto Services. Shop all Oils & Fluids Motor Oil Antifreeze & Coolants Transmission, Brake, & Steering Fluids. Shop all Automotive Tools & Equipment Car Battery Chargers & Accessories. Shop all Auto Electronics Car DVD & Video Car Stereos Car Speakers & Subwoofers Power Inverters Dash Cams. Shop all Auto Body Repair Auto Repair Tools. Shop all Auto Replacement Parts Oil Filters Engine Air Filters Spark Plugs Brake Parts. Shop all Photo Center Available Same Day Blankets Calendars Canvas & Wall Art Cards & Invitations Home Decor & Gifts Jewelry & Clothing Mugs Office Phone Cases Photo Books Pillows Posters Prints. Shop all Personalized Shop Easter Rollbacks & Clearance Wedding Invitations Wedding Sweepstakes Graduation Home Decor Clothing & Accessories Bedding & Bath Kitchen & Dining Kids Character Shop. Shop all Personalized Jewelry Rings Necklaces Class Rings. Shop all Gift Cards Mail a Gift Card Email a Gift Card Specialty Gift Cards Check Card Balances Corporate Gift Card Program. Shop all Gift Registry Baby Registry Wedding Registry Lists. Craft Tips & Ideas Costumes & Dress Up Party Ideas & Recipes Christmas Decor Savings Birthday Shop Wedding Shop Valentine's Day Plush. Shop all Arts, Crafts & Sewing Art & Drawing Supplies Beading & Jewelry Crafting Die Cutting Machines Sewing Fabric Scrapbooking Supplies Artificial Plants & Flowers Knitting & Crochet Yarn Craft Furniture & Storage. Shop all Party & Occasions Baking & Pastry Supplies Balloons Cards & Invitations Disposable Tableware Giftwrap & Supplies Party Decorations Party Favors Pinatas. Shop all Party Themes Themed Party Sets Anniversary Baby Shower Halloween Christmas Decor. Stretch your tax refund FREE Grocery Pickup Electronics & Office Movies, Music & Books Home, Furniture & Appliances Home Improvement & Patio Clothing, Shoes & Jewelry Baby & Toddler Toys & Video Games Food, Household & Pets Pharmacy, Health & Beauty Sports, Fitness & Outdoors Auto & Tires Photo & Personalized Shop Sewing, Crafts & Party Supplies See All Departments. Baby Registry Wedding Registry Classroom Supplies. TV & Video TVs DVD & Blu-ray Players Home Audio & Theater TV Accessories. Cell Phones Straight Talk Phones Unlocked Phones Contract Phones No-Contract Phones Prepaid Minutes & Data Cases & Accessories. iPad & Tablets iPad Windows Tablets Android Tablets Accessories. Computers Laptops Desktops PC Gaming Printers & Supplies Networking Software Monitors Accessories. Portable Audio iPod & MP3 Players Headphones Speakers & Docks. Office Supplies Office Electronics School Supplies. Movies & TV 2-Day Shipping Action & Adventure Blu-ray Discs Boxed Sets Children & Family Instawatch Movie DVDs New Releases Preorders TV Shows. Music 2-Day Shipping Music Gift Cards Country Music Soundtracks Vinyl New Releases Pop R&B / Soul Rock Top 100 CDs. Books Deals in books Preorders New Releases Biographies & Memoirs Children's Books Christian Books & Bibles Cookbooks, Food & Wine Comics & Graphic Novels Crafts & Hobbies Humor Literature & Fiction Health and Wellness Teen & Young Adult. Shop By Room Living Room Bedroom Bathroom Dining Room Kitchen Kids' Room Teens' Room Patio Entryway Office. Shop By Category Appliances Bath Bedding Furniture Home Decor Kids’ Bedding Kids’ Furniture Kitchen & Dining Lighting Mattresses Patio & Garden Rugs Storage & Organization Vacuums & Floor Care Window Coverings. Brand Shops KitchenAid Better Homes and Gardens The Pioneer Woman Mainstays. Specialty Shops Home Gift Guide Back to College Shop by Style. Industrial & Scientific Janitorial & Sanitation Supplies Food Service Equipment. Heating & Cooling Heaters Fireplaces Stoves. Paint Interior & Exterior Paint Ladders. Patio & Garden Patio Furniture Patio & Outdoor Decor Sheds & Outdoor Storage Outdoor Shade Grills & Outdoor Cooking Outdoor Heating Swimming Pools Hot Tubs & Saunas. Garden Center Outdoor Power Equipment Landscaping Pots & Planters. Women's Women's Plus Juniors' Maternity Women's Shoes. Jewelry Wedding & Engagement Watches Fine Jewelry Fashion Jewelry Personalized Jewelry. Men's Men's Big & Tall Young Men's Men's Shoes Men's Jewelry. Baby & Toddlers' Baby Girl Baby Boy Toddler Girl Toddler Boy Baby & Kids' Shoes. Diapering & Potty Diapers Wipes Diaper Bags. Feeding Breast Feeding Bottle Feeding Baby Formula Baby Food Toddler Feeding Bibs & Burp Cloths. Nursery & Décor Cribs Furniture Bedding Décor. Play & Travel Gear Playstations & Walkers Playards Swings Carriers & Wraps Baby & Toddler Toys. Health & Safety Bath Baby Gates Baby Monitors Baby Care. Toys Action Figures Dolls & Dollhouses Cars, Drones & RC LEGO & Building Sets Pretend Play Arts & Crafts Electronics for Kids Learning Toys Nerf & Blasters Stuffed Animals & Plush Games & Puzzles. Bikes & Ride-Ons Kids' Bikes Ride-On Toys Hoverboards. Shop by Age Preschool 5-7 8-11 12+. Video Games Virtual Reality New Releases PlayStation 4 Xbox One Nintendo Switch Accessories Digital Gaming Nintendo 3DS / 2DS Nintendo Wii U / Wii PlayStation VR Preorders Used Games. Shop All Food Coffee Beverages Snacks & Cookies Breakfast & Cereal Meals Condiments Pasta Candy & Gum Soups Canned Goods Emergency Food Baking Center International Food. Household Essentials Laundry Room Kitchen Bathroom Paper & Plastic Cleaning Supplies Air Fresheners Batteries Pest Control As Seen On TV Light Bulbs. Meal Kits & Specialty Food Boxes. Shop All Pets Cats Dogs Fish Small Animals Birds Equine Reptiles. Clearance & Rollbacks Food Household Essentials Pets. Beauty Makeup Skin Care Fragrances Beauty Tools Hair Care Premium Beauty. Brands We Love Flower Culturelle OralB Braun ReliOn. Oral Care Electric Toothbrushes Water Flossers. Bath & Body Lotions Body Wash. Vision Center Prescription Eyewear Contact Lenses. Health Medicine Cabinet Cold, Cough and Flu Digestive Health Home Health Care Diabetes Management. Wellness Supplements Protein & Fitness Weight Management Aromatherapy. Camping Tents Airbeds Canopies & Shelters. Fishing Rod & Reel Combos. Boats & Water Sports Canoes, Kayaks & Boats. Recreation Bikes Lawn Games Air Soft Air Guns Golf. Team Sports Baseball & Softball Football. Exercise & Fitness Boxing Mixed Martial Arts. Exercise Machines Treadmills Bikes Ellipticals Home Gyms. Strength and Weight Training Fitness Accessories Ab & Core Toners. Oils & Fluids Motor Oil Antifreeze & Coolants Transmission, Brake, & Steering Fluids. Automotive Tools & Equipment Car Battery Chargers & Accessories. Auto Electronics Car DVD & Video Car Stereos Car Speakers & Subwoofers Power Inverters Dash Cams. Auto Body Repair Auto Repair Tools. Auto Replacement Parts Oil Filters Engine Air Filters Spark Plugs Brake Parts. Photo Center Available Same Day Blankets Calendars Canvas & Wall Art Cards & Invitations Home Decor & Gifts Jewelry & Clothing Mugs Office Phone Cases Photo Books Pillows Posters Prints. Personalized Shop Easter Rollbacks & Clearance Wedding Invitations Wedding Sweepstakes Graduation Home Decor Clothing & Accessories Bedding & Bath Kitchen & Dining Kids Character Shop. Personalized Jewelry Rings Necklaces Class Rings. Gift Cards Mail a Gift Card Email a Gift Card Specialty Gift Cards Check Card Balances Corporate Gift Card Program. Gift Registry Baby Registry Wedding Registry Lists. Arts, Crafts & Sewing Art & Drawing Supplies Beading & Jewelry Crafting Die Cutting Machines Sewing Fabric Scrapbooking Supplies Artificial Plants & Flowers Knitting & Crochet Yarn Craft Furniture & Storage. Party & Occasions Baking & Pastry Supplies Balloons Cards & Invitations Disposable Tableware Giftwrap & Supplies Party Decorations Party Favors Pinatas. Party Themes Themed Party Sets Anniversary Baby Shower Halloween Christmas Decor. All Departments Auto & Tires Baby Beauty Books Cell Phones Clothing Electronics Food. Gifts & Registry Health Home Home Improvement Household Essentials Jewelry Movies Music Office. Party & Occasions Patio & Garden Pets Pharmacy Photo Center Sports & Outdoors Toys Video Games. FREE Grocery Pickup FREE 2-Day Shipping Shop smart with our app Get your flu shot today Stretch your tax refund. FREE Grocery Pickup FREE 2-Day Shipping Shop smart with our app Get your flu shot today Stretch your tax refund. Pickup Today Grocery Pickup Weekly Ads Credit Card Track Order. Cell Phones Shop Phones by Operating System Android. BLU Studio J1 S050Q Unlocked GSM Phone - Black. Average rating: 1 out of 5 stars, based on 1 reviews 1 reviews ratings. This button opens a dialog that displays additional images for this product with the option to zoom in or out.. BLU Studio J1 Smartphone 4.0" GSM 8GB Dual Sim 5MP Factory Unlocked S050q Black. Tell us if something is incorrect. Sold & shipped by Walmart. See arrival and pickup dates for your area.. Enter ZIP code or city, state. Cover drops, spills & cracked screens with a Care Plan. Protect your purchase with a care plan. Cover drops, spills, cracked screens, and more. Plus, get set up and connected with access to 30 days of Soluto Premium Tech Help. Add 2-Year Mobile Phone Protection $ 9. 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12. See arrival and pickup dates for your area.. Enter ZIP code or city, state. Sold & Shipped by OG Wireless. Tell us if something is incorrect. Gifting note: Ships in the manufacturer's original packaging, which may reveal the contents.. BLU Studio J1 Smartphone 4.0" GSM 8GB Dual Sim 5MP Factory Unlocked S050q Black. Get specific details about this product from customers who own it.. Average rating: 1 out of 5 stars, based on reviews. relevancy helpful submission-desc submission-asc rating-desc rating-asc. Average rating: 1 out of 5 stars, based on reviews. If phone is turned on,even if isn't used, it each hour for 20% is discharged.. In 5 hours discharged completely.. Yes (0) No (0) Report. 1-1 of 1 reviews. See any care plans, options and policies that may be associated with this product.. Electrode, Comp-283036253, DC-prod-dfw8, ENV-prod-a, PROF-PROD, VER-21.17.3-rc-1, SHA-c37438843926f3cccffc1b3ed5e62a5a7012bec8, CID-. Help Feedback MoneyCenter Privacy & Security CA Privacy Rights Terms of Use. See All Services Walmart MoneyCenter Walmart Credit Card Product Care Plans Walmart Pay. About Walmart.com Corporate Suppliers Sell on Walmart.com Careers @WalmartLabs The Walmart Digital Museum. Terms of Use About Our Ads Affiliate Program CA Privacy Rights Privacy & Security. Returns Policy Product Recalls Int’l Customers Tax Exempt Program Contact Us Feedback Store Pickup. Electronics Toys Video Games Home Products Clothing Sports & Outdoors Baby Products. 
Ver todos los videos en YouTube. BLU Studio J1: Características y especificaciones. El BLU Studio J1 es un simple smartphone Android Marshmallow con una pantalla WVGA de 4 pulgadas, chip dual-core, 512MB de RAM, 8GB de almacenamiento, cámaras de 5 MP y 2 MP y batería de 1350 mAh.. BLU Studio J1 Características principales. Android 6.0 es el sistema operativo del BLU Studio J1. , que en cuanto a dimensiones tiene un perfil de 10.3 mm. y un peso de 135 g.. En cuanto a sus características técnicas , el BLU Studio J1 tiene una pantalla de 4" con una resolución de 480 x 800 pixels.. Dentro del BLU Studio J1 encontramos un procesador Mediatek MT6570 1.3GHz, acompañado de 512MB de memoria RAM.. También cuenta con 8GB de almacenamiento. y la memoria interna puede ser ampliada vía microSD. La cámara trasera del BLU Studio J1 tiene una resolución de 5 MP. , y la energía es provista por una batería de 1350 mAh. .El BLU Studio J1 también tiene Radio FM. Pantalla 4", 480 x 800 pixels Procesador Mediatek MT6570 1.3GHz 512MB RAM. 8GB, microSD Cámara: 5 MP. OS: Android 6.0 Perfil: 10.3 mm Peso: 135 g. Reviews de usuarios del BLU Studio J1. No hay experiencias de usuarios del BLU Studio J1. BLU Studio J1 características avanzadas. Opina sobre el BLU Studio J1. GSM 850 / 900 / 1800 / 1900 (SIM 1 & SIM 2) - HSDPA 850 / 1700(AWS) / 1900 / 2100. 121.5 x 62.5 x 10.3 mm. 480 x 800 pixels, 4.0 pulgadas. - Sensor acelerómetro para auto rotación. - Conector de audio 3.5 mm. Entradas y campos prácticamente ilimitados, Foto de llamada. - 8GB almacenamiento interno, 512MB RAM. - Procesador Mediatek MT6570 dual-core 1.3GHz, GPU Mali-400. SMS, MMS, Email, Push Mail, IM. 5 MP, flash LED, geo-tagging, detección de rostro y sonrisa, video 720p@30fps, cámara frontal 2 MP, flash LED. - 3G HSDPA 21Mbps / HSUPA 5.76Mbps. - Wi-Fi 802.11 b/g/n; Wi-Fi Direct. Hasta 450 h (2G) / Hasta 400 h (3G). Hasta 17 h (2G) / Hasta 13 h (3G). Opiniones y Comentarios BLU Studio J1. No hay opiniones para el BLU Studio J1. Sé el primero en dejar una opinión sobre el BLU Studio J1 .. Tu experiencia o preguntas sobre el BLU Studio J1. - Sé preciso en la pregunta sobre el BLU Studio J1. - Cuenta tus experiencias positivas y negativas. - No insultes, ni uses palabras groseras, si es así probablemente tu opinión se elimine. - Recuerda que smartGSM NO vende móviles ni celulares. Tu opinión vale! Recomienda (o no!) al BLU Studio J1 a otros usuarios. Sony presenta dos nuevos flagships con nuevo lenguaje de diseño: los esperados Sony Xperia XZ2 y Xperia XZ2 Compact. Una alternativa más confiable para desbloquear la pantalla del Samsung Galaxy S9/S9+: Intelligent Scan. Dos propuestas de mediana a baja gama de ZTE: Blade V9 y Blade V9 VITA, dos modelos con ligeras diferencias. Podría ocurrir que se repitan en otro lado, pero las cámaras del Samsung Galaxy S9/S9+ son algo único. Presentación oficial: el Samsung Galaxy S9/S9+ no viene con muchas sorpresas, pero igualmente deslumbra. SmartGSM es una de las comunidades de habla hispana más grandes sobre teléfonos celulares. Fundado en el 2004, smartGSM cubre todas las noticias y novedades sobre telefonía móvil y provee características de teléfonos celulares, smartphones, tablets y wearables. smartGSM cuenta con una comunidad de usuarios que reflejan sus experiencias, opiniones y críticas sobre teléfonos celulares y tablets.. Las especificaciones de los celulares son a título informativo y pueden variar. smartGSM no se responsabiliza del uso de las mismas.. Copyright © 2004 - 2018 smart-gsm.com. 
Hi ( Sign in to bid or buy) Daily Deals Gift Cards Help & Contact Sell. Summary Recently Viewed Bids/Offers Watch List Purchase History Selling Saved Searches Saved Sellers Messages. People who viewed this item also viewed. 5''Inch Android 5.1 Quad Core 2G+8G 4G GSM WiFi Bluetooth Dual SIM Smart phone. NEW Smooth Amigo Feature Phone UNLOCKED GSM MP3/MP4 Music Player DUAL SIM RADIO. 5 Inch Android 5.1 Octa Core Smartphone 4G+2G 3G GSM WiFi Bluetooth Dual SIM. BLU Zoey Flex Z130 1.8" Cell Phone Flip VGA Unlocked Dual SIM NEW. Android6.0 Octa Core 4G+2G 4G GSM WiFi Bluetooth Dual SIM Dual Camera Smartphone. EXTRA 5% OFF WHEN YOU BUY 2 OR MORE. BLU Studio J1 S050Q Android 6.0 Dual Sim Unlocked GSM Phone 8GB 5MP 4" HD New. Photos not available for this variation. Mouse over to Zoom - Click to enlarge. Upgrading? Sell it, don't trade it. BLU Studio J1 S050Q Android 6.0 Dual Sim Unlocked GSM Phone 8GB 5MP 4" HD New. ORIGINAL BLU PRODUCTS | FAST DELIVERT | 1 YEAR WARRANTY. Share on Facebook - opens in a new window or tab. Share on Twitter - opens in a new window or tab. Share on Pinterest - opens in a new window or tab. Ships in a business day with tracking. - opens in a new window or tab Learn more. ditech_store has no other items for sale.. Please enter a quantity of $qty_dummy$ or less. Please enter a quantity of 1. Purchases are limited to $qty_dummy$ per buyer. Please enter quantity of 1 or more. Choose quantity that is less than $qty_dummy1$ or equal to $qty_dummy$. You can only choose quantity that is equal to $qty_dummy$. Does not ship to Singapore. United States and many other countries. help icon for Shipping - opens a layer. This amount includes applicable customs duties, taxes, brokerage and other fees. This amount is subject to change until you make payment. For additional information, see the Global Shipping Program terms and conditions - opens in a new window or tab. This amount includes applicable customs duties, taxes, brokerage and other fees. This amount is subject to change until you make payment. If you reside in an EU member state besides UK, import VAT on this purchase is not recoverable. For additional information, see the Global Shipping Program terms and conditions - opens in a new window or tab. No additional import charges on delivery. Apply Now - opens in a new window or tab. See terms - opens in a new window or tab. An error occurred, please try again.. Any international shipping is paid in part to Pitney Bowes Inc. Learn More - opens in a new window or tab. International shipping and import charges paid to Pitney Bowes Inc. Learn More - opens in a new window or tab. Any international shipping and import charges are paid in part to Pitney Bowes Inc. Learn More - opens in a new window or tab. International shipping paid to Pitney Bowes Inc. Learn More - opens in a new window or tab. Any international shipping is paid in part to Pitney Bowes Inc. Learn More - opens in a new window or tab. Covered by eBay Money Back Guarantee. See details - opens in a new window or tab. Get the item you ordered or get your money back. Covers your purchase price and original shipping.. Add to cart to save with this special offer. If you Buy It Now, you'll only be purchasing this item. If you'd like to get the additional items you've selected to qualify for this offer, close this window and add these items to your cart.. Report item - opens in a new window or tab. Seller assumes all responsibility for this listing.. 3G Data Capable, Bluetooth Enabled, Dual SIM, Front Camera, Global Ready, GPS, Internet Browser, Music Player, Speakerphone, Touchscreen, Wi-Fi Capable. New: A brand-new, unused, unopened, undamaged item in its original packaging (where packaging is. Packaging should be the same as what is found in a retail store, unless the item is handmade or was packaged by the manufacturer in non-retail packaging, such as an unprinted box or plastic bag. See the seller's listing for full details. See all condition definitions - opens in a new window or tab. Samsung Apple BLU Products Huawei LG Sky Devices Casio Cell Phones Accessories Open Box Products Wholesale Accessories Control Remotes Digital Cameras Headphones/E arphones Home Appliances Mp3 / Radios FM / Boomboxes Personal Care Webcams Other. Seller assumes all responsibility for this listing.. The seller has not specified a shipping method to Singapore. Contact the seller - opens in a new window or tab and request shipping to your location.. Please enter a valid ZIP Code.. Item location: Miami, Florida, United States. Shipping to: United States, United Kingdom, Germany, Brazil, Bulgaria, Lithuania, Sweden, Dominican Republic, Saint Kitts-Nevis, Guernsey, Jersey. Excludes: US Protectorates, APO/FPO, PO Box, Afghanistan, Armenia, Azerbaijan Republic, Bangladesh, Bhutan, Georgia, India, Japan, Kazakhstan, Korea, South, Kyrgyzstan, Maldives, Mongolia, Nepal, Pakistan, Russian Federation, Sri Lanka, Tajikistan, Turkmenistan, Uzbekistan, Brunei Darussalam, Cambodia, Indonesia, Laos, Macau, Malaysia, Singapore, Taiwan, Thailand, Vietnam, Albania, Andorra, Belarus, Belgium, Bosnia and Herzegovina, Croatia, Republic of, Cyprus, Czech Republic, Denmark, Estonia, Finland, Gibraltar, Greece, Hungary, Iceland, Ireland, Latvia, Liechtenstein, Luxembourg, Macedonia, Malta, Moldova, Monaco, Montenegro, Netherlands, Norway, Poland, San Marino, Serbia, Slovakia, Slovenia, Svalbard and Jan Mayen, Switzerland, Ukraine, Algeria, Angola, Benin, Botswana, Burkina Faso, Burundi, Cameroon, Cape Verde Islands, Central African Republic, Chad, Comoros, Congo, Democratic Republic of the, Congo, Republic of the, Côte d'Ivoire (Ivory Coast), Djibouti, Egypt, Equatorial Guinea, Eritrea, Ethiopia, Gabon Republic, Gambia, Ghana, Guinea, Guinea-Bissau, Kenya, Lesotho, Liberia, Libya, Madagascar, Malawi, Mali, Mauritania, Mauritius, Mayotte, Morocco, Mozambique, Namibia, Niger, Nigeria, Reunion, Rwanda, Saint Helena, Senegal, Seychelles, Sierra Leone, Somalia, Swaziland, Tanzania, Togo, Tunisia, Uganda, Western Sahara, Zambia, Zimbabwe, Falkland Islands (Islas Malvinas), Venezuela, Bermuda, Greenland, Saint Pierre and Miquelon, Anguilla, Antigua and Barbuda, Belize, British Virgin Islands, Cayman Islands, Grenada, Guadeloupe, Haiti, Martinique, Montserrat, Netherlands Antilles, Saint Lucia, Saint Vincent and the Grenadines, Turks and Caicos Islands, Oceania, Bahrain, Iraq, Jordan, Kuwait, Lebanon, Oman, Qatar, Saudi Arabia, Turkey, United Arab Emirates, Yemen. No additional import charges at delivery!. This item will be shipped through the Global Shipping Program and includes international tracking. Learn more - opens in a new window or tab. Please enter a number less than or equal to 22.. Please enter a valid ZIP Code.. Please enter 5 or 9 numbers for the ZIP Code.. This item does not ship to Singapore. After receiving the item, contact seller within. You will have the possibility to return the product within 30 days after the delivery date “only if the product was defective”.. Defective/Dead items will be fully refunded or replaced after matching the serial number/IMEI with the one in our records.. If you need to return an item, please check twice to confirm the item does not work and send us a message using the eBay system. Please let us know first the detailed problem in order that both of us can try to fix the issue before decide to return.. If you will return a phone, please assure that the phone returned back to us comes without any customer code / password / Fingerprint Passwords or any customer lock. In the case of an Iphone, please verify that any ICLOUD information is taken off completely from the device. You can desactivate the icloud directly on the device or through icloud.com - 40% restocking Fee will be apply if the phone is returned back with this information until the correct information is provided to unlock the device.. If you want to return the item without defective, 20% of original selling price will be charged for returned item as re-stocking fee to cover eCommerce platform fees, final value and any other product fees.. Non Defective items: must be new never used and unopened for a refund.. In the unlikely event that the item is damaged during shipping, please report that to us on the same day of the delivery date. Goods must be unopened and unused for a refund! If your item is defective you MUST notify us within 2 days of receipt. Items that will not be notified after 2 days will not be replaced! Defective items will be credited only after matching the serial number of the product to the serial number on the box and the one in our records. We are aware of all fraud cases and have all the items details in our records.. We only accept the return with all original package. Save the original box and packing materials. They are specially designed to protect your unit during transit. If the unit is not shipped in the original shipping box for repairs, the repaired unit will be returned in other packaging and the customer will be charged additional fees. The Refund will be processed after we receive the returned item and verify its status. We reserve the right to charge extra fees if item returned is damaged or intentionally abused.. Damages caused by wear and tear (ie: Damaged Screen, Scratches, Water Damage, etc.), improper packing or shipping by the buyer are not covered by the Seller’s warranty. Warranty covers only manufacturing defects, NO man-made sabotage.. Enjoy your products and thanks very much for buy with us!. Pay for your purchases when it's right for you. Choose PayPal Credit to pay all at once or enjoy the flexibility of paying over time with special financing offers.. For example, if your purchase qualifies, you could enjoy No Payments + No Interest if paid in full in 6 months on $99+.. Interest will be charged on your account from the posting date (which is usually within a few days after the purchase date) if the purchase balance is not paid in full within the promotional period. See terms - opens in a new window or tab. Other offers may be available from time to time.. The lender for PayPal Credit accounts is Comenity Capital Bank.. Immediate payment required for this item. Immediate payment of US $46.90 is required.. Feedback on ditech_store from others who bought this item. Items was shipped on time receive good m. What’s the Difference Between iOS and Android? ,. How to Buy a Bar Phone on eBay ,. Comparing iPhones: The Ultimate Buyer’s Guide ,. What's the Difference Between GSM and CDMA Cell Phones? ,. Samsung Galaxy S5 Buying Guide ,. How to Choose an Android Phone ,. How to Buy a Used Samsung S4 on eBay ,. The Pros and Cons of the Samsung Galaxy S5. HTC Evo 4G Android Dual SIM 8GB Cell Phones & Smartphones ,. ASUS Android Dual SIM 8GB Cell Phones & Smartphones ,. Lenovo Bar Android Dual SIM 8GB Cell Phones & Smartphones ,. DOOGEE Bar Android Dual SIM 8GB Cell Phones & Smartphones ,. Landvo Android Dual SIM 8GB Cell Phones & Smartphones ,. thl Android Dual SIM 8GB Cell Phones & Smartphones. Site Map Copyright © 1995-2018 eBay Inc. Accessibility , User Agreement , Privacy , Cookies and AdChoice Norton Secured - powered by Verisign. 
OPPO Claim Centers in Pakistan – OFFICIAL. Sony Xperia Official Stores in Pakistan. Sony to launch Xperia XA2, XA2 Ultra, and Xperia L2 in Pakistan. Huawei Honor 9 Lite Review, Features, Price & Specs. Huawei Honor 5C Pro Review, Price, Specs & Features. OPPO Claim Centers in Pakistan – OFFICIAL. Sony Xperia Official Stores in Pakistan. Sony to launch Xperia XA2, XA2 Ultra, and Xperia L2 in Pakistan. Huawei Honor 9 Lite Review, Features, Price & Specs. Huawei Honor 5C Pro Review, Price, Specs & Features. Mobiles / BLU Studio J1. CPU : Dual-core 1.3 GHz. OS : Android 6.0 (Marshmallow). BLU Studio J1 - Price and Specification. Design Type called form factor refers to a mobile phone's size, shape, and style as well as the layout and position of major components of phone. There are three major form factors seen in mobile phones => bar phones, folding phones and sliding phones. 121.5 x 62.5 x 10.3 mm. SIM (Subscriber Identity Module) is a small card that contains mobile network subscriber's account information. This allows the phone using the card to attach to a mobile network. The SIM card is most commonly associated with GSM and UMTS mobile networks. Moving a SIM card from one phone to another allows a subscriber to switch mobile phones without having to contact their mobile network carrier. SIM cards can also be used by a phone to store limited amounts of data, such as phone numbers and text messages. Yes, GSM 850 / 900 / 1800 / 1900. Yes, HSDPA 850 / 900 / 1900 / 2100. Display Technology => A number of display technologies and types used in mobile phones => TFT (Thin Film Transistor), IPS (In-Place Switching), OLED (Organic Light Emitting Diode), AMOLED (Active-Matrix Organic Light-Emitting Diode), Super AMOLED (an even advanced version of AMOLED), Resistive Touchscreen (Resistive touchscreens contain two layer of conductive material with a very small gap between them which acts as a resistance), Capacitive Touchsceen (Capacitive touchscreen technology consists of a layer of glass coated with a transparent conductor). Display Colors is refers to the number of different shades of colors that the screen is capable of displaying => 64K colors, 256K colors and 16 million colors, Obviously 16M is highest available range of colors and better than others. Pixel Density (PPI) is refers to the concentration of pixels on a particular display, measured in pixels per inch (ppi). Pixel density is calculated by dividing the diagonal pixel resolution of a display by its diagonal size, higher pixel density better display quality. Camera is able to capture photographs and usually videos, The most important characteristics of a camera are the resolution (measured in megapixels), lens focus type (fixed or automatic), higher megapixel cameras are known to capture higher quality photos, but not always a good measurement of the photos quality. Flash Light => There is commonly two types of flash lights are used in camera mobile phones, LED Flash (LED flash offers lower power consumption with drive circuitry that takes up very little room, LEDs can be strobed faster than any other light source), Xenon Flash (xenon flash produces an extremely intense full-spectrum white light for a very short duration). OS => Every computer system run on a base software called Operating System (OS). Operating System controls all basic operations of the computer (such as smartphone, PDAs, tablet computers and other handheld devices). The Operating System allows the user to install and run third party applications (apps), apps are used to add new functionality to the device. Java for Mobile Devices is a set of technologies that let developers deliver applications and services to all types of mobile handsets, ranging from price efficient feature-phones to the latest smartphones. Java is currently running on over 3 billion phones worldwide, and growing. It offers unrivaled potential for the distribution and monetization of mobile applications. Youtube is a popular free video-sharing website, Youtube is the largest video sharing site in the world, Millions of users around the world have created accounts on the site that allow them to upload videos that anyone can watch. Facebook is a popular free social networking website that allows registered users to create profiles, upload photos and video, send messages and keep in touch with friends, family and colleagues. The site is available in 37 different languages.. Chipset is a group of integrated circuits designed to perform one or a more dedicated functions, often with real time computing constraints, Popular smartphones are equipped with more advanced embedded chipsets that can do many different tasks depending on their programming. CPU (Central Processing Unit) mostly known as processors, CPU processes instructions in order to carry out certain functions that make your device operate properly. Processors are often described as the brain of computers, smartphones and tablets, Smartphones and tablets rely on processors to carry out their every task, Processors are an incredibly important factor in selecting any type of computing device, including your smartphone. GPU (Graphics Processing Unit) is a single-chip processor designed to rapidly manipulate and alter memory to accelerate the creation of images in a frame buffer intended for output to a display, This includes things such as lighting effects, object transformations, and 3D motion. RAM (Random Access Memory) is a type of computer memory that can be accessed randomly, any byte of memory can be accessed without touching the preceding bytes that allows information to be stored and accessed quickly from random locations. RAM is the most common type of memory found in computer systems, smartphones, tablets and other electronic devices. Internal Storage is a data storage space (flash memory) mostly used in smartphones, tablets and other electronic devices where operating system, apps, music, photos, videos, files and other user data Is stored. Memory Card Slot is a special slot for inserting a memory card. Memory cards allow you to expand the phone's built-in memory, A memory card (sometimes called a flash memory card or a storage card) is a small storage medium used to store data such as text, pictures, audio, and video, for use on small, portable or remote computing devices such as mobile phones, mp3 players, digital cameras. Sensors are electronic components that detects and responds to some type of input from the physical environment. The specific input could be light, heat, motion, moisture, pressure and location, The output is generally a signal that is converted to use in computing systems, a location sensor, such as a GPS receiver is able to detect current location of your electronic device.. Bluetooth is a wireless communications technology for exchanging data between mobile phones, headsets, computers and other network devices over short distances without wires, Bluetooth technology was primarily designed to support simple wireless networking of personal consumer devices. Infrared connectivity is an old wireless technology used to connect two electronic devices. It uses a beam of infrared light to transmit information and so requires direct line of sight and operates only at close range. Wi-Fi is a popular wireless networking technology using radio waves to provide high-speed network connections that allows devices to communicate without cords or cables, Wi-Fi is increasingly becoming the preferred mode of internet connectivity all over the world. GPS The Global Positioning System is a satellite-based radio navigation system, GPS permits users to determine their position, velocity and the time 24 hours a day, in all weather, anywhere in the world, In order to locate your position, your device or GPS receiver must have a clear view of the sky. NFC (Near field communication) is a set of standards for smartphones and similar devices to establish peer-to-peer radio communications with each other by touching them together or bringing them into proximity, usually no more than a few inches. HDMI (High-Definition Multimedia Interface) is a compact audio/video interface for transferring uncompressed video data and compressed or uncompressed digital audio data from a HDMI-compliant source device to a compatible computer monitor, video projector, digital television, or digital audio device. Wireless Charging (Inductive Charging) uses an electromagnetic field to transfer energy between two objects. This is usually done with a charging station. Energy is sent through an inductive coupling to an electrical device, which can then use that energy to charge batteries or run the device. GPRS (General Packet Radio Service) is a packet oriented mobile data service on the 2G and 3G cellular communication system's global system for mobile communications (GSM), Generally, GPRS is used for the purpose of wireless data transfer, such as sharing pictures and videos or browsing the Internet via a mobile phone connection. EDGE (Enhanced Data GSM Environment) is a wireless network technology generally considered the next step in the 2G network offers data transfer rates up to four times faster than ordinary GSM networks, Generally, EDGE is used for the purpose of wireless data transfer, such as sharing pictures and videos or browsing the Internet via a mobile phone connection. Web Browser => a web browser is a software application used to locate, retrieve and display content on the World Wide Web, including Web pages, images, video and other files, The primary function of a web browser is to render HTML, the code used to design or markup webpages.. SMS (Short Messaging Service) is a text messaging service component of phone, Web, or mobile communication systems. It uses standardized communications protocols to allow mobile phone devices to exchange short text messages over the networks. MMS (Multimedia Messaging Service) is a standard way to send messages that include multimedia content (audio clips, video clips and images) to and from mobile phones over wireless networks using the WAP protocol. Email (Electronic Mail) is a system for receiving, sending, and storing electronic messages, Similar to a letter, email is text messages that may contain files, images, or other attachments sent via the internet to a recipient by using applications and software prograps. An email address is required to receive email, and that address is unique to the user. IM (Instant Messaging) is an exchange of text messages through a software application, it enable you to create a kind of private chat room with another individual in order to communicate in real time over the Internet.. Battery Type => Cell phones run on various kinds of batteries depending on the manufacturer, phone size or shape and features. There are basically four types of cell phone batteries => Lithium Polymer, Lithium Ion, Nickel Metal Hydride and Nickel Cadmium. Battery Capacity is a measure (typically in Amp-hr) of the charge stored by the battery, and is determined by the mass of active material contained in the battery. The battery capacity represents the maximum amount of energy that can be extracted from the battery under certain conditions. The overall rating is based on the review by our experts.. Be the first to add a Review. What do you feel about Design and build quality of this device?. Screen size, image quality (brightness, colors, contrast, etc), visibility in sun light, angles of view and touchscreen. Usability of Camera interface, image and video quality in different light conditions and environment. Music and video players, playback quality, speaker sound and handsfree options. What do you feel about the features of this device, is these enough for you in everyday life?. Bluetooth, Wi-fi connectivity, data trnasfer speed, internet browsing and interfaces. When you call someone, what is the voice quality you hear or vice versa, is speakerphone working good during calls. What do you feel about usability and speed of UI (user interface), messaging, calling, contacts management, call history, notifications and internet browsing?. Is this device perform good while watching videos, playing games, taking snapshots, browsing internet and navigate through other applications?. What about battery life, while calling, listening music, watching videos, playing games and doing other tasks. 6 / 10 based on your selection. Please post a user review only if you have / had this product.. We provide you with the latest news, reviews, comparison, price and videos straight from the mobile world.. OPPO Claim Centers in Pakistan – OFFICIAL. Sony Xperia Official Stores in Pakistan. Sony to launch Xperia XA2, XA2 Ultra, and Xperia L2 in.... POPULAR CATEGORY News 313 Local 276 Global 235 Trending 223 Social 46 Reviews 8. OPPO Claim Centers in Pakistan – OFFICIAL. 
more ... more .... more ... more .... MEMORY: 8 GB + MicroSD. Too little RAM memory (0.5 GB RAM). Low pixel density screen (233 ppi). The BLU Studio J1 comes with a 4-inch display, 1.3 GHz dual-core processor, 512 MB of RAM, 8 GB of storage and a 5-megapixel camera.. Dimensions: 4.78 x 2.46 x 0.41 inches (121.5 x 62.5 x 10.3 mm). Weight: 4.76 oz (135 g) the average is 5.6 oz (159 g). Resolution: 480 x 800 pixels. Features: Ambient light sensor, Proximity sensor. Pixel density - The pixel density of a display represents the number of pixels over an area of one inch. It’s measured in “pixels per inch”, or ppi. The higher the number, the more detailed and good-looking the display is.. Screen-to-body ratio - Shows what part of the frontal area of a phone its screen occupies.. Dual-core, 1300 MHz, ARM Cortex-A7, 32-bit. System chip - Most modern handsets use an advanced chip that includes many of the device’s hardware modules like the processor, Wi-Fi, Bluetooth and sometimes even the wireless radio. This field shows what particular system chip (or System-on-a-Chip) is used in the phone.. Processor - The processor is the main computing component of a phone and is a major factor when it comes to the overall speed of the device. Some more powerful smartphones use dual-core and quad-core processors designed to deliver greater performance.. Graphics processor - The graphics processor is important for the smooth operation of the system and especially in games and other applications that may involve complex graphics and animations.. System memory - System memory, or RAM memory is the type of memory that the device uses to temporarily store data from the OS or currently-running apps. The more RAM available to the device, the better the performance will be when multiple or heavier programs are running.. Built-in storage - Bigger storage capacity allows you to keep more content saved onto your device, such as more applications, photos or video. Games and video content typically take up the biggest amount of storage space.. Storage expansion - Some handsets allow you to expand their storage capacity by using a memory expansion card – most often microSD. Expansion memory is mostly suitable for media storage, such as photo, video or music content.. Capacity - The bigger, the better! However, battery capacity is not the only factor that has an effect on battery life. Those include the chipset in use, the software running on the device, as well as the consumer's unique usage pattern.. Multimedia Screen mirroring: Wireless screen share. Filter by: Album, Artist, Genre, Playlists. Features: Album art cover, Background playback. Cellular GSM: 850, 900, 1800, 1900 MHz. UMTS: 850, 1700/2100, 1900, 2100 MHz. Other features: Voice dialing, Voice commands, Voice recording. Features: Mass storage device, USB charging. Other: VoIP, Tethering, Computer sync, OTA sync. Positioning - This field shows the positioning systems supported by the device. The most common types are GPS and A-GPS.. GPS - This is one of the most widespread global positioning technologies, developed and maintained by the U.S. It uses satellites in order to detect your location. A-GPS - A-GPS stands for Assisted GPS and is the industry standard for positioning and navigation. “Assisted” means that it can use local wireless networks, in addition to satellites, for quicker and more precise localization.. To see the full specifications with in-depth details click here.. Despite our efforts to provide full and correct BLU Studio J1 specifications, there is always a possibility of making a mistake. If you see any wrong or incomplete data, please LET US KNOW .. If you are interested in using our specs commercially, check out our Phone specs database licensing page.. Gear S4 may come with a blood pressure monitor, Samsung patent reveals. Google Pay launches today, but its most important feature is not here yet. Galaxy S9 and S9+ previewed in glorious detail with full specs and release date. Galaxy S9 and S9+ price and release date on Verizon, AT&T, T-Mobile and Best Buy. The Samsung Galaxy S9 and S9+ have game-changing cameras with variable aperture and 960fps slow-mo video recording. The Big Barcelona Camera Comparison: iPhone X vs Pixel 2 XL vs Note 8. Samsung Galaxy S9 and S9+ rumor review: Specs, design, features, price and release date. Sony presents Xperia XZ2 and XZ2 Compact: new design and Snapdragon 845. Galaxy S9 Exynos edition gets benchmarked against rivals!. Galaxy S9 first camera comparison vs iPhone X, V30, S8. Samsung Galaxy S9 & S9+ hands-on. MWC 2018: top smartphones to expect. Best smartphone you can buy in 2018. Allo is a quality app, but Google isn't giving it a real chance. All content (phone reviews, news, specs, info), design and layouts are Copyright 2001-2018 phoneArena.com. Reproduction in whole or in part or in any form or medium without written permission is prohibited! Privacy. 
Likes Followers Followers Followers Followers mobitabspecs Subscribe. TomTop Deals: Sharp Z2 4G smartphone available for $117.99 GearBest Deals: Onda V80 Tablet available for $74.99 TomTop Deals: HOMTOM S8 available for $128.99 GearBest Deals: Xiaomi Mi Note 3 available for $379.99 TomTop Deals: Koolnee K1 Trio smartphone available for $229.99 GearBest Deals: Xiaomi Mi Mix 2 available for $569.99 GearBest Deals: Xiaomi Mi 6 smartphone available for $449.99 GearBest Deals: MSI GL62M 7RD – 223CN Gaming Laptop available for $899.99 GearBest Deals: Vernee X Mobile available for $247.99 TomTop Deals: MX10 Android 7.1.2 TV Box RK3328 4GB / 32GB available for $58.99. Mobitabspecs - Tech Blog with Mobile Phones News and Specifications. News Deals Review Specification Mobiles Tablets Laptops Compare Comparisons. All Apps News Tablet News Mobile News Accessories News. Intex Aqua Lions T1 Lite launched in India for Rs 3899. iLA X AliExpress Tech Discovery Promotions & Will Attend the MWC 2018. Unnamed HTC 2Q5W1 smartphone spotted on GeekBench. Prev Next. All Tablet Deals TomTop Deals Mobile Deals Laptop Deals GearBest Deals Accessories Deal. TomTop Deals: Sharp Z2 4G smartphone available for $117.99. GearBest Deals: Onda V80 Tablet available for $74.99. TomTop Deals: HOMTOM S8 available for $128.99. Prev Next. DesignCap Review- A Free and Effortless Online Poster Maker. Create Beautiful Logo Designs for Your Business With DesignEvo. Review: iSeePassword Windows Password Recovery Pro. Switch To A New Phone And Make The Switch As Easy As It Gets. Prev Next. Home Gadgets Mobiles Upcoming Mobiles BLU Studio J1. Brand: Blu Category: Mobiles. CPU : 1.3 GHz Dual core. Rear Camera : 5 MP. Phone Memory : 8 GB. OS : Android OS v6.0. Key Specs: 4 inch LCD multi-touch display 800 x 480 pixels resolution 233 PPI, 16M color 3G Network Support Dual SIM 512 MB of RAM 1.3 GHz Dual Core processor 3 MP rear camera with LED flash 2 MP selfie camera with LED flash 8 GB Internal Memory 64 GB External Memory via microSD Bluetooth v4.1 GPS/ A-GPS Wi-fi 802.11 b/g/n Android 6.0 OS 1350mAh battery. BLU Studio J1 - Technical Specification. Type Design Type called form factor refers to a mobile phone's size, shape, and style as well as the layout and position of major components of phone. There are three major form factors seen in mobile phones => bar phones, folding phones and sliding phones.. 121.5 mm x 62.5 mm x 10.3 mm. Display Type Display Technology => A number of display technologies and types used in mobile phones => TFT (Thin Film Transistor), IPS (In-Place Switching), OLED (Organic Light Emitting Diode), AMOLED (Active-Matrix Organic Light-Emitting Diode), Super AMOLED (an even advanced version of AMOLED), Resistive Touchscreen (Resistive touchscreens contain two layer of conductive material with a very small gap between them which acts as a resistance), Capacitive Touchsceen (Capacitive touchscreen technology consists of a layer of glass coated with a transparent conductor). Pixel Density Pixel Density (PPI) is refers to the concentration of pixels on a particular display, measured in pixels per inch (ppi). Pixel density is calculated by dividing the diagonal pixel resolution of a display by its diagonal size, higher pixel density better display quality.. Display Colors Display Colors is refers to the number of different shades of colors that the screen is capable of displaying => 64K colors, 256K colors and 16 million colors, Obviously 16M is highest available range of colors and better than others.. Display Protection Display Protection => Gorilla Glass is a special alkali-aluminosilicate glass shield with exceptional damage resistance that helps protect mobile displays from scratches, drops, and bumps of everyday use, It is always better to go for a smartphone with Gorilla Glass for that added protection and peace of mind.. GSM 850 / 900 / 1800 / 1900 MHz. GSM 850 / 900 / 1900 / 2100 MHz. SIM SIM (Subscriber Identity Module) is a small card that contains mobile network subscriber's account information. This allows the phone using the card to attach to a mobile network. The SIM card is most commonly associated with GSM and UMTS mobile networks. Moving a SIM card from one phone to another allows a subscriber to switch mobile phones without having to contact their mobile network carrier. SIM cards can also be used by a phone to store limited amounts of data, such as phone numbers and text messages.. Chipset Chipset is a group of integrated circuits designed to perform one or a more dedicated functions, often with real time computing constraints, Popular smartphones are equipped with more advanced embedded chipsets that can do many different tasks depending on their programming.. CPU CPU (Central Processing Unit) mostly known as processors, CPU processes instructions in order to carry out certain functions that make your device operate properly. Processors are often described as the brain of computers, smartphones and tablets, Smartphones and tablets rely on processors to carry out their every task, Processors are an incredibly important factor in selecting any type of computing device, including your smartphone.. GPU GPU (Graphics Processing Unit) is a single-chip processor designed to rapidly manipulate and alter memory to accelerate the creation of images in a frame buffer intended for output to a display, This includes things such as lighting effects, object transformations, and 3D motion.. RAM (Memory) RAM (Random Access Memory) is a type of computer memory that can be accessed randomly, any byte of memory can be accessed without touching the preceding bytes that allows information to be stored and accessed quickly from random locations. RAM is the most common type of memory found in computer systems, smartphones, tablets and other electronic devices.. Internal Storage Internal Storage is a data storage space (flash memory) mostly used in smartphones, tablets and other electronic devices where operating system, apps, music, photos, videos, files and other user data Is stored.. Card Slot Memory Card Slot is a special slot for inserting a memory card. Memory cards allow you to expand the phone's built-in memory, A memory card (sometimes called a flash memory card or a storage card) is a small storage medium used to store data such as text, pictures, audio, and video, for use on small, portable or remote computing devices such as mobile phones, mp3 players, digital cameras.. Sensors Sensors are electronic components that detects and responds to some type of input from the physical environment. The specific input could be light, heat, motion, moisture, pressure and location, The output is generally a signal that is converted to use in computing systems, a location sensor, such as a GPS receiver is able to detect current location of your electronic device.. Operating System OS => Every computer system run on a base software called Operating System (OS). Operating System controls all basic operations of the computer (such as smartphone, PDAs, tablet computers and other handheld devices). The Operating System allows the user to install and run third party applications (apps), apps are used to add new functionality to the device.. Java Support Java for Mobile Devices is a set of technologies that let developers deliver applications and services to all types of mobile handsets, ranging from price efficient feature-phones to the latest smartphones. Java is currently running on over 3 billion phones worldwide, and growing. It offers unrivaled potential for the distribution and monetization of mobile applications.. Youtube Youtube is a popular free video-sharing website, Youtube is the largest video sharing site in the world, Millions of users around the world have created accounts on the site that allow them to upload videos that anyone can watch.. Facebook Facebook is a popular free social networking website that allows registered users to create profiles, upload photos and video, send messages and keep in touch with friends, family and colleagues. The site is available in 37 different languages.. SMS SMS (Short Messaging Service) is a text messaging service component of phone, Web, or mobile communication systems. It uses standardized communications protocols to allow mobile phone devices to exchange short text messages over the networks.. MMS MMS (Multimedia Messaging Service) is a standard way to send messages that include multimedia content (audio clips, video clips and images) to and from mobile phones over wireless networks using the WAP protocol.. Email Email (Electronic Mail) is a system for receiving, sending, and storing electronic messages, Similar to a letter, email is text messages that may contain files, images, or other attachments sent via the internet to a recipient by using applications and software prograps. An email address is required to receive email, and that address is unique to the user.. IM IM (Instant Messaging) is an exchange of text messages through a software application, it enable you to create a kind of private chat room with another individual in order to communicate in real time over the Internet.. Primary Camera is able to capture photographs and usually videos, The most important characteristics of a camera are the resolution (measured in megapixels), lens focus type (fixed or automatic), higher megapixel cameras are known to capture higher quality photos, but not always a good measurement of the photos quality.. Flash Flash Light => There is commonly two types of flash lights are used in camera mobile phones, LED Flash (LED flash offers lower power consumption with drive circuitry that takes up very little room, LEDs can be strobed faster than any other light source), Xenon Flash (xenon flash produces an extremely intense full-spectrum white light for a very short duration). Geotagging Autofocus Face detection Face beauty. Bluetooth Bluetooth is a wireless communications technology for exchanging data between mobile phones, headsets, computers and other network devices over short distances without wires, Bluetooth technology was primarily designed to support simple wireless networking of personal consumer devices.. Infrared Infrared connectivity is an old wireless technology used to connect two electronic devices. It uses a beam of infrared light to transmit information and so requires direct line of sight and operates only at close range.. Wi-fi Wi-Fi is a popular wireless networking technology using radio waves to provide high-speed network connections that allows devices to communicate without cords or cables, Wi-Fi is increasingly becoming the preferred mode of internet connectivity all over the world.. GPS GPS The Global Positioning System is a satellite-based radio navigation system, GPS permits users to determine their position, velocity and the time 24 hours a day, in all weather, anywhere in the world, In order to locate your position, your device or GPS receiver must have a clear view of the sky.. NFC NFC (Near field communication) is a set of standards for smartphones and similar devices to establish peer-to-peer radio communications with each other by touching them together or bringing them into proximity, usually no more than a few inches.. Wireless Charging Wireless Charging (Inductive Charging) uses an electromagnetic field to transfer energy between two objects. This is usually done with a charging station. Energy is sent through an inductive coupling to an electrical device, which can then use that energy to charge batteries or run the device.. HDMI HDMI (High-Definition Multimedia Interface) is a compact audio/video interface for transferring uncompressed video data and compressed or uncompressed digital audio data from a HDMI-compliant source device to a compatible computer monitor, video projector, digital television, or digital audio device.. GPRS GPRS (General Packet Radio Service) is a packet oriented mobile data service on the 2G and 3G cellular communication system's global system for mobile communications (GSM), Generally, GPRS is used for the purpose of wireless data transfer, such as sharing pictures and videos or browsing the Internet via a mobile phone connection.. EDGE EDGE (Enhanced Data GSM Environment) is a wireless network technology generally considered the next step in the 2G network offers data transfer rates up to four times faster than ordinary GSM networks, Generally, EDGE is used for the purpose of wireless data transfer, such as sharing pictures and videos or browsing the Internet via a mobile phone connection.. Web Browser Web Browser => a web browser is a software application used to locate, retrieve and display content on the World Wide Web, including Web pages, images, video and other files, The primary function of a web browser is to render HTML, the code used to design or markup webpages.. 3GP, M4V, H.263, H.264, MOV, AVI, xVID, WMV, FLV, MP4, H.265. Battery Type Battery Type => Cell phones run on various kinds of batteries depending on the manufacturer, phone size or shape and features. There are basically four types of cell phone batteries => Lithium Polymer, Lithium Ion, Nickel Metal Hydride and Nickel Cadmium.. Capacity Battery Capacity is a measure (typically in Amp-hr) of the charge stored by the battery, and is determined by the mass of active material contained in the battery. The battery capacity represents the maximum amount of energy that can be extracted from the battery under certain conditions.. Active noise cancellation with dedicated mic 2. BLU Studio J1 - Rate this Device Be the first to add a Review Your Name * Your Email * Review Title * Review Text * Rate this Product Display: Screen size, image quality (brightness, colors, contrast, etc), visibility in sun light, angles of view and touchscreen. RAM: Processor: Bluetooth, Wi-fi connectivity, data trnasfer speed, internet browsing and interfaces. Camera: Usability of Camera interface, image and video quality in different light conditions and environment. Connectivity: Bluetooth, Wi-fi connectivity, data trnasfer speed, internet browsing and interfaces. Battery: What about battery life, while calling, listening music, watching videos, playing games and doing other tasks. Performance: Is this device perform good while watching videos, playing games, taking snapshots, browsing internet and navigate through other applications? Design: What do you feel about Design and build quality of this device? Average Rating 6 / 10 based on your selection. Please post a user review only if you have / had this product.. BLU Advance 5.0 Pro $64.99 View specs →. BLU Grand Max full Specifications, features 0 Reviews View specs →. BLU Dash L3 full specifications, features 0 Reviews View specs →. BLU Grand 5.5 HD II 0 Reviews View specs →. BLU C5 0 Reviews View specs →. BLU Studio J2 full specifications, features 0 Reviews View specs →. BLU Pure View $199.99 View specs →. BLU Advance A5 Full Specifications and Features $89.99 View specs →. BLU Advance A5 Plus $109.99 View specs →. BLU Grand XL LTE 0 Reviews View specs →. Blu Vivo XL2 mobile Specifications, ratings 0 Reviews View specs →. BLU Grand XL full specifications, features 0 Reviews View specs →. BLU Grand M Specifications, features 0 Reviews View specs →. BLU Advance A5 LTE $109.00 View specs →. BLU Vivo 8L 0 Reviews View specs →. BLU Vivo One 0 Reviews View specs →. 13,512 Likes 3,221 Followers 4 Followers 226 Followers 3,166 Followers RSS Subscribe. Intex Aqua Lions T1 Lite launched in India for Rs 3899. iLA X AliExpress Tech Discovery Promotions & Will…. Unnamed HTC 2Q5W1 smartphone spotted on GeekBench. Motorola Moto X4 6GB RAM variant launched in India. Prev Next 1 of 68. Mobile Specifications ZTE Tempo Go $80.00 ZTE Blade V9 Vita Ulefone T2 Pro Samsung Galaxy S9 Plus $839.99 Samsung Galaxy S9 $719.99 Nokia 8110 4G $99.00. Tablet Specifications BQ BQ-8041L Art $121.00 Samsung Galaxy Tab S4 10.5 SM-T835 Samsung Galaxy Tab A 10.1 2018 Samsung Galaxy Tab E 8.0 2018 Huawei Mediapad M5 10 Pro $643.00 Huawei Mediapad M5 10 $468.00. Laptop Specifications Dell XPS 13 9370 XPS9370-7170GLD-PUS Laptop $1,549.00 Dell XPS 13 9370 XPS9370-5156SLV-PUS Laptop $1,299.00 Xiaomi Air 13.3 Intel Core i7 Notebook $976.99 Asus A541UJ7200 Notebook $739.99 Asus A541UV7100 Notebook $609.99 Acer Predator 21 X $8,999.00. Recent Compares Alcatel 3 vs Alcatel 3x vs Alcatel 3v View Comparison → Alcatel 1x vs Alcatel 3v vs Alcatel 3x View Comparison → Nokia 8 Pro vs Nokia 7 Plus View Comparison →. Top Rated Samsung Galaxy S9 Active Samsung Galaxy S9 Plus $839.99 Apple iPhone Xc Apple iPhone X Plus LG Signature Edition $1,800.00 Google Pixel XL2 full specifications and features. Brands 10.or 3 360 3 Acer 8 AGM 1 Alcatel 36 Allcall 1 Allview 20 Apple 11 Archos 38 Asus 46 AT&T 1 Blackberry 5 Blackview 24 Blu 45 Bluboo 8 BQ 21 Brandeis 1 Cagabi 2 CAT 5 Celkon 7 Changhong 0 Cherry Mobile 5 Coolpad 24 Cubot 5 Dell 2 DEXP 4 Doogee 16 Doopro 9 Doov 3 EL 1 Elephone 16 Energizer 1 Essential 1 Fly 20 Freetel 2 Geecoo 5 Geotel 1 Gionee 31 Google 4 Gooweel 2 Gretel 1 Hafury 3 Haier 6 Highscreen 3 Hisense 6 HomTom 7 HP 2 HTC 19 Huawei 93 IBall 3 iMAN 0 iNew 1 Infinix 3 Infocus 10 Innjoo 1 Intex 29 itel 4 Ivoomi 10 Jinga 4 Jivi 4 Karbonn 20 Kenxinda 8 Kingzone 1 Kodak 1 Konka 3 Koobee 1 Kyocera 11 Lava 11 Leagoo 12 LeEco 6 Lenovo 14 Lephone 4 LG 53 LYF 3 M-Tech 1 Meitu 3 Meizu 20 Micromax 33 Microsoft 2 Motorola 28 Noa 1 Nokia 25 Nomi 2 Nomu 2 OKWU 2 OnePlus 5 Oppo 28 Oukitel 15 Panasonic 24 Phicomm 3 Philips 10 Phonemax 4 Plum 3 Prestigio 26 Razer 1 Red 1 Runbo 1 Samsung 90 Sansui 1 Senseit 1 Sharp 18 Smartisan 3 Smartron 2 Sony 30 Spice 3 Sugar 10 Swipe 6 Symphony 8 T-Mobile 5 TCL 1 Teclast 1 Tecno 13 Texet 1 THL 1 TP-Link 5 Uhans 7 Ulefone 11 UMI 7 Unihertz 2 Vernee 7 Vertex 3 Vertu 0 Verykool 22 Videocon 5 Vivo 24 Vkworld 4 Vodafone 3 Vphone 1 Walton 2 Wiko 16 Wileyfox 1 Xgody 5 Xiaolajiao 13 Xiaomi 38 Xolo 4 YotaPhone 1 Yu 2 Zen 12 Ziox 6 Zopo 8 ZTE 72. Facebook Join us on Facebook Twitter Join us on Twitter Google+ Join us on Google Instagram Join us on Instagram Pinterest Join us on Pinterest. Mobitabspecs.com is a Tech Blog With Mobiles Tablets Laptops specifications, comparisons, Rumours full information and Resources. Mobiles Tablets Laptops News, Software Reviews, Daily exclusive Deals & Coupons and more.. Laptops 13 Mobiles 1396 Upcoming Mobiles 693 Tablets 101. Home Contact Us Disclaimer Privacy Policy Site Map Comparisons Compare Brands. 
Select the department you want to search in. Sign in Account & Lists Sign in Account & Lists Orders Try Prime Cart. Your Amazon.com Today's Deals Gift Cards Registry Sell Help Disability Customer Support. 1-16 of 17 results for "BLU Studio J1". See all results for BLU Studio J1 .. BLU Studio J1 (8GB) 4.0" Smartphone - GSM Factory Unlocked (US Warranty) Blue. Only 6 left in stock - order soon.. on the battery cover, the STUDIO J1 provides a great paint free .... BLU Studio J1 (8GB) 4.0" Smartphone - GSM Factory Unlocked (US Warranty) Black. Only 13 left in stock - order soon.. BLU's Studio J1 is all about Great Design, with a special matte and .... BLU Studio J1 (8GB) 4.0" Smartphone - GSM Factory Unlocked (US Warranty) (White). Only 8 left in stock - order soon.. on the battery cover, the STUDIO J1 provides a great paint free .... Bluetooth Headphones, bluetooth Headphones Sport Wireless Earbuds In-Ear Stereo Earphones with Mic Suitable For BLU STUDIO J1, BLU STUDIO SELFIE 3, BLU STUDIO SELFIE LTE, BLU STUDIO J2. by WAM BLU Bluetooth Headphones. Winning Eleven Playmaker 2009 [Japan Import]. $9.45 (36 used &amp new offers). VanGoddy Carry All "H" Wallet with Cell Phone Compartment Suitable for Up to 6.5in Smartphones. Aurora BLU R1 R1 Plus BLU Studio Selfie BLU Life One X2 Mini .... Jikkyou Powerful Major League 2 Wii [Japan Import]. $11.62 (59 used &amp new offers). beatmania IIDX 16 Empress + Premium Best [Japan Import]. Only 10 left in stock - order soon.. $114.24 (56 used &amp new offers). Darksiders: Shinpan no Toki [Japan Import]. $10.00 (45 used &amp new offers). Castlevania: Lords of Shadow [Japan Import]. $9.00 (44 used &amp new offers). Jikkyou Powerful Pro Yakyuu Wii Ketteiban [Japan Import]. $25.61 (28 used &amp new offers). Winning Eleven Playmaker 2012 [Japan Import]. Only 1 left in stock - order soon.. $17.45 (49 used &amp new offers). GTI Club World: City Race [Japan Import]. $41.99 (53 used &amp new offers). World Soccer Winning Eleven 2010 [Japan Import]. Only 1 left in stock - order soon.. $4.00 (45 used &amp new offers). Jikkyou Powerful Pro Yakyuu Next [Japan Import]. Only 1 left in stock - order soon.. $34.53 (43 used &amp new offers). Jikkyou Powerful Pro Yakyuu 15 [Japan Import]. Only 10 left in stock - order soon.. $33.42 (35 used &amp new offers). All customers get FREE Shipping on orders over $25 shipped by Amazon. Cell Phone Cases, Holsters & Clips. 4 Stars & Up & Up. 3 Stars & Up & Up. 2 Stars & Up & Up. 1 Star & Up & Up. There's a problem loading this menu right now.. Get fast, free shipping with Amazon Prime. Prime members enjoy FREE Two-Day Shipping and exclusive access to music, movies, TV shows, original audio series, and Kindle books.. Careers About Amazon Investor Relations Amazon Devices. Sell on Amazon Sell Your Services on Amazon Sell on Amazon Business Sell Your Apps on Amazon Become an Affiliate Advertise Your Products Self-Publish with Us › See all. Amazon Rewards Visa Signature Cards Amazon.com Store Card Amazon.com Corporate Credit Line Shop with Points Credit Card Marketplace Reload Your Balance Amazon Currency Converter. Your Account Your Orders Shipping Rates & Policies Amazon Prime Returns & Replacements Manage Your Content and Devices Amazon Assistant Help. Amazon Music Stream millions of songs. Amazon Drive Cloud storage from Amazon. 6pm Score deals on fashion brands. AbeBooks Books, art & collectibles. ACX Audiobook Publishing Made Easy. Alexa Actionable Analytics for the Web. Amazon Business Everything For Your Business. AmazonFresh Groceries & More Right To Your Door. AmazonGlobal Ship Orders Internationally. Home Services Handpicked Pros Happiness Guarantee. Amazon Inspire Digital Educational Resources. Amazon Rapids Fun stories for kids on the go. Amazon Restaurants Food delivery from local restaurants. Amazon Video Direct Video Distribution Made Easy. Amazon Web Services Scalable Cloud Computing Services. Audible Download Audio Books. AudiobookStand Discount Audiobooks on Disc. Book Depository Books With Free Delivery Worldwide. Box Office Mojo Find Movie Box Office Data. ComiXology Thousands of Digital Comics. CreateSpace Indie Print Publishing Made Easy. DPReview Digital Photography. East Dane Designer Men's Fashion. Fabric Sewing, Quilting & Knitting. Goodreads Book reviews & recommendations. IMDb Movies, TV & Celebrities. IMDbPro Get Info Entertainment Professionals Need. Junglee.com Shop Online in India. Kindle Direct Publishing Indie Digital Publishing Made Easy. Prime Now FREE 2-Hour Delivery on Everyday Items. Prime Photos Unlimited Photo Storage Free With Prime. Shopbop Designer Fashion Brands. TenMarks.com Math Activities for Kids & Schools. Warehouse Deals Open-Box Discounts. Whole Foods Market America’s Healthiest Grocery Store. Withoutabox Submit to Film Festivals. Woot! Deals and Shenanigans. Zappos Shoes & Clothing. Souq.com Shop Online in the Middle East. Subscribe with Amazon Discover & try subscription services. Conditions of Use Privacy Notice Interest-Based Ads © 1996-2018, Amazon.com, Inc. 
121.5 x 62.5 x 10.3 mm. Android OS v6.0 ( Marshmallow ). 5 MP 2592 x 1944 px autofocus. 850 / 900 / 1800 / 1900. DroidChart.com / Smartphones / BLU / BLU Studio J1 (2017). 4 inches 480 x 800 px. The detailed specifications, photos and introductory video of the BLU Studio J1 (S050Q). The list of the competitors most often compared to the BLU Studio J1 smartphone.. The BLU Studio J1 (S050Q) smartphone released in 2017. It is powered by Mediatek MT6570 chipset, 512 MB of RAM and 8 GB of internal storage.. The BLU Studio J1 runs on Android OS v6.0 (Marshmallow) out of the box. It comes with a Li-Ion 1350 mAh battery. It features a 4 inches TFT display with 480 x 800 px resolution. A thin-film-transistor (TFT) LCD display is a variant of a liquid-crystal display (LCD).. The BLU Studio J1 runs on Android OS v6.0 (Marshmallow) out of the box, but the Studio J1's firmware can be upgraded to a newer version of OS.. Screen size is measured in inches, diagonally from corner to corner. The 4 inches TFT capacitive touch screen with 480 x 800 px resolution is multitouch capable.. The smartphone's memory (512 MB) cannot be expanded, but the storage (8 GB) can be expanded with a microSD card.. The camera of the BLU Studio J1 is equipped with autofocus. Autofocus is a camera feature that fine-tunes the focus of the camera, it is a nice feature of this smartphone.. This smartphone has a built-in GPS receiver. GPS is a satellite based navigation system that allows the determination of the exact geographical location on Earth. This BLU smartphone has FM radio receiver.. The Li-Ion 1350 mAh battery gives the smartphone a good battery backup. This is a low maintenance battery. No periodic discharge is needed and charging can be done at random.. The smartphone sensors measure physical quantities and transmit them to the application processor. The phones's accelerometer is a built-in electronic component that measures tilt and motion. The Studio J1 has Dual SIM capability, which means that you can insert two different SIM cards and use them both from one phone.. Compare BLU Studio J1 to other smartphones. The specifications above are based on the official data published by the manufacturer, but we also take user reviews into consideration. If you found an error or something lacking in the specifications above for the BLU Studio J1, then don’t hesitate and signal the problem to us.. According to our statistics, the BLU Studio J1 smartphone was most often compared on our site with the following smartphones.. Compare BLU Studio J1 to other smartphones. If there’s information about the BLU Studio J1 that you would like to see on this site, then write to our webmaster@droidchart.com address.. 
We are unable to process your last request.. Rest assured we are working diligently to resolve this issue. If you would like to place an order by phone or speak with one of our Customer Service representatives please contact us:. Copyright © 2012 by Office Depot, Inc. 
Pdevice.com: Review, Specification, Price, Compare, Tech News & Details of Mobile Phone and Electronics Gadget Online. How to check that all the Device Drivers are installed properly…. How to select your Mouse Primary Button Left or Right in…. How to Managed Bluetooth Device (Turned on and Off) on Your…. How to Uninstall, Installed Driver from Windows 10 PC using Device…. BLU Studio J1 Smartphone Full Specification. Processor (Clock) : Dual Core 1.3GHz ARM Cortex A7. Screen (Size & Type) : 4.0 inches IPS, WVGA. Camera Overview : 5 Megapixels / 2 Megapixels. OS Version : Android 6.0 Marshmallow. The product overall rating and highlights is based on review by our technical experts. All ratings have been selected out of 10.. Body & Design (look and feel). Device Type – Android 3G Smartphone. CPU – Dual Core 1.3GHz ARM Cortex A7. GPU – ARM Mali-400 MP2, 512 MHz, 2-Cores. Camera – 2 Megapixels with LED and AF Rear Camera | 2 Megapixel Front Camera with LED Flash. Memory – RAM- 512MB | ROM 8GB External Memory Supports Up to 64GB. Display – Screen size 4.0 inches LCD WVGA Display (480 x 800 Pixels) 24-bit. Battery – Removable 1,350 mAh Lithium-Ion. SIM – Dual SIM (Micro+ Micro), Dual Standby. Sensors – Proximity Sensor, Accelerometer. Color – Black, Blue, White. Operating System – Android 6.0 Marshmallow. I/O Interface – 2x Micro SIM Card Slot, microSD/TF Card Slot, Micro USB Port, Audio Out Port, Power Button, Volume Button, Microphone, Speaker. Dimensions – 121.5 mm x 62.5 mm x 10.3 mm. Weight – 135 Grams (With Battery). More Feature – Ceramic Body Design HSUPA 5.76 Mbps Upload, HSDPA 21 Mbps Download, Computer Sync, Dual SIM Support, OTA Sync, Tethering, FM Radio, U.S Carriers Network Support, Dotted Pattern Finish Back Cover, Rounded Edges.. Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window). Each device built on different configuration and platform or operating so here we have divided the devices on their operating system such as Android, Windows, iOS etc. Device brand including their model number,. The initial public announcement by a company or brand for its upcoming gadgets or device with few or full information till its release date.. The release date is the date in which a release was made available through some sort of distribution mechanism. For example, this may be via a online or offline retail store, being published as a available to sale on a website or distributed to industry insiders. the device is available in the market, upcoming device or the company or brand have close the productivity of gadgets. Design Type is a combination of smartphone's size, style, dimensions, weight, color, layout. Mainly there are three types of form factors seen in mobile phones and other computing devices such as bar phones, folding phones, and sliding phones. height, width, and length of the computing device measures in mm, cm. 121.5 mm x 62.5 mm x 10.3 mm. Display Technology => There are number of display technology available for computing devices such as TFT (Thin Film Transistor), IPS (In-Place Switching), OLED (Organic Light Emitting Diode), AMOLED (Active-Matrix Organic Light-Emitting Diode), Super AMOLED (an advanced version of AMOLED) and there are two types of touchscreen displays Resistive Touchscreen (Resistive touchscreens not only works with human skin but also with stylus pen) and Capacitive Touchscreen (only work with human skin). Display size of each computing device is measured diagonally in inches, cm, or mm. Display Colors refer to the number of different shades of colors that the device screen is capable of displaying mostly there is three display color - 64K colors, 256K colors and 16 million colors used and 16M is the highest available range of colors and better than others.16M display color used in more advanced computing device such as Smartphone , Tablet or Gaming console while the 256K or 64K colors are used for basic handset and entry level computing devices.. Information about the number of pixels per inch of the device screen. The higher the pixels density of any device, the more detailed and clearer content (Image, Video,Graphics, etc) will be shown on the display. Display Protection => is must have feature for all computing device, especially in Smartphone segment there is different-different technology for protecting the display from scratches, drops, water, dust, and bumps of everyday use.Most common display protection technology are corning gorilla glass, Tempered glass, Scratch resistant glass, Full lamination technology, OGS, and More. So whenever you buy a new device you should always consider the smartphone having display protection feature.. Display supports various kind of features such as Contrast ratio, NTSC, 2.5D curved glass, OLED, AMOLED and more features. Some device comes with second display feature along with primary display, usually found in mobile phone. Screen to Body Ratio shows the total number of area covered by the gadget display, if the % is higher it's good for users.. 480 x 800 Pixels, 24 bit color depth. ~ 233 PPI Pixel Per Inch. Supported Camera Type in the device, dual or single camera. Primary Camera is usually placed on the back side of Smartphone to capture photos and videos. The main attribute of camera are the resolution (measured in Megapixels), lens focus type (automatic or manual). High megapixels mobile can take higher quality pictures and videos but it does not always the quality parameter as there are other factors also responsible for high-quality picture so we can't predict the camera quality by just looking at its megapixels. Good Camera plays important role for any Gadgets it comes with many features such as Autofocus, Continuous shooting, Digital image stabilization, Digital zoom, Face detection, Geotagging, HDR ISO settings, Panorama, Scene mode, Self-timer, Touch focus, White balance settings, PDAF etc. Flash Light => Flashlight are very important in camera for enhancing the picture quality in low-light condition.LED Flash and Xenon Flash are two most common flashlights are used in mobile phones.LED flashlight provides lower power consumption with drive circuitry which takes up little room and can be strobed faster than any other light Source while the Xenon Flash offers an extremely intense full-spectrum white light for a very short duration. secondary camera or front camera in the device like selfies camera in Smartphone, the user can click his own photo using this camera. Dual Camera Set UP (One Front + One Back). Chipset is the main part of any computing device such as Mobile, Laptop, Smartwatch, Camera, Tablet etc each one runs on a chipset or SoC which includes CPU, GPU, and Cache memory.Chipset is integrated circuit designed to perform some specific task and popular devices come with more advanced chipset which can perform many different tasks according to their design and programming capabilities. CPU Central Processing Unit or processors,its main function is to interpret and execute instructions in the computing device .Mostly we measure CPU capacity in GHz or MHz with the number of the core such as 2-core, 4-core, 8-core, 10-core etc.Always look for high-power processor first whenever you will purchase a new device. Number of Cores for processor on the device. GPU Stands for Graphics Processing Unit is a single-chip processor designed to rapidly rapid mathematical calculations, primarily for the purpose of rendering images, This includes things such as lighting effects, object transformations, and 3D motion and it is also responsible for high-performance gaming graphics a good GPU always have such kind of power to control the gaming graphics.The common GPU for mobile devices are Qualcomm Adreno, Intel HD graphics, PowerVR, ARM-Mlai etc. RAM (Random Access Memory) is a type of computer memory that can be accessed randomly, and used by Operating system and installed application in the computing device data in the RAM temporarily stored means it will be lost whenever the device is turn off or restarted. Internal Storage also known as secondary memory or ROM is a data storage space (flash memory) mostly used in smartphones, tablets and other electronic devices where operating system, apps, music, photos, videos, files and other content stored.There two types of internal memory expansion expandable and non-expandable. Cache Memory is also known as CPU memory having large cache memory improve the performance of the device.Cache memory is categorized as levels such as Level 1 (L1) cache, Level 2 (L2) cache, and Level 3 (L3) cache. External Memory Card Slot is a special slot for inserting a memory card. Memory cards allow you to expand the phone's internal storage, A memory card is a small storage memory used to store content such as text, pictures, audio, and video, for use on small, portable or remote computing devices such as mobile phones, mp3 players, digital cameras. Sensors are electronic components which increased the functionality of any computing device in which they are embedded sensors detects and responds to some type of input from the physical environment. Dual Core 1.3GHz ARM Cortex A7. ARM Mali-400 MP2, 512 MHz, 2-Cores. 32 Kb + 32 Kb (L1 Cache Memory), 512 Kb (L2 Cache Memory). Yes Support External Memory Up to 64GB. Each mobile device works on the wireless network and these networks are divided into different category such as 2G, 3G, 4G further they are subdivided into the category like GSM, UMTS, LTE on different bands. 2G stands for the second-generation wireless telephone network.It works on Standard like GSM, D-AMPS, PDC.2G Networks supports Digital voice services and slow data transmission (2.5G (GPRS) or 2.75G (EDGE) ) but these networks are faster than analog (1G) systems. 3G stands for the third generation wireless telephone network in compare of 2G it supports faster data speed, always-on data access, better voice transmission capacity.UMTS,WCDMA, Ev-Do are the main standard of 3G technology. 4G stands for the fourth generation of wireless telephone network it is more efficient and faster in terms of data rate, voice transmission and it is very different technology in compare of 3G.The most common standard are LTE (Long Term Evolution) and Mobile WiMAX. SIM stands for Subscriber Identity Module which securely stores subscriber's information such as phone numbers and text messages. Users can easily switch SIM card from one mobile set to another. SIM card is responsible for communication among several mobile devices using different kinds of networks such as GSM, UMTS, LTE etc. Smartphone comes with Single SIM or Dual SIM slot.. GSM : 850 / 900 / 1800 / 1900 MHz. UMTS : 850 / 1700 / 1900 / 2100 MHz. OS => Operating System responsible for all basic operations of the device ( smartphone, PDAs, tablet computers, drones, smartwatch and other handheld devices). The Operating System manages and controls the functions of the hardware components of the computing device. There are numbers of OS such as Android, Windows, iOS, BlackBerry and more. UI or user interface (f human–machine interaction) of a device is the look and feel of the on-screen menu system. How it works, its color scheme, how it responds to button presses, all of these things are part of the user interface. Facebook its no 1 popular free social networking site which allows users to create a free account and adds your friends or family in your social list to chat with them, upload photos, videos, video chat and send messages via the internet and keep in touch with friends,Each Smartphone supports Facebook app. Youtube is a popular free video-sharing website, Youtube is the largest video sharing site in the world, Millions of users around the world have created accounts on the site that allow them to upload videos that anyone can watch. Twitter is global microblogging social media website, you can use twitter application on your smartphone, tablet. Microblogging is a broadcast medium that exists in the form of blogging. A microblog differs from a traditional blog in that its content is typically smaller in both actual and aggregated file size. Gmail, Google Play Store, Google Maps, Flashlight, Clock, Calendar, Calculator, World Clock, Blu Help, Sound Recorder. Multimedia Features (Audio, Video and Images). Which type of audio playback supported by the device as there are number of audio format such as WAV, AAC, AMR, MP3, WMA, MIDI, FLAC, etc. FM is a VHF broadcasting technology which uses frequency modulation (FM) to transfer sound over the broadcasting radio. Alert types are types of sound which notify the users when someone sends notifications like a phone call, message, email etc. Yes Support WAV, AAC, AMR, MP3, WMA, MIDI, FLAC, OGG. Yes Support 3GP, MP4, xVID, AVI, MKV, H.264, H.263. Yes Support BMP, GIF, JPEG, PNG. Yes With 3.5 mm Audio Jack Support. Wi-Fi is a popular wireless networking technology which provides wireless data connection between various device using radio waves it uses the IEEE 802.11 stands for communication. USB required for transfer or sync the data from one computing device to another such as from Smartphone to computer. Bluetooth is wireless communications technology for exchanging data between mobile phones, headsets, personal computers and other network devices over brief distances without wiring, Bluetooth technology was mostly designed to support simple wireless networking of personal consumer devices. There are different-different types of Bluetooth Profile (A2DP, HID, LE etc) available in each device for exchanging different content within a short distance.. GPS Stands for Global Positioning System is a satellite-based radio navigation technology using it users can track their position, velocity and the time 24 hours a day, in all weather, anywhere in the world, the most common GPS technology are GPS and the GLONASS. NFC stands for Near field communication is a set of short-range wireless communication standards for smartphones and similar computing devices to establish peer-to-peer (P2P) radio communications with each other by touching them together.It works on smaller range around 10cm. HDMI Stands for (High-Definition Multimedia Interface) most commonly used for. transferring video data and digital audio data from a HDMI- device (Smartphone, Tablet, Laptop) to a compatible computer monitor, video projector, digital television, or digital audio device. Infrared (IR) connectivity is an old wireless technology which uses an infrared light to transfer information between two electronic devices over short-range. Wi-Fi 802.11 b/g/n, Wi-Fi HotSpot, Wi-Fi Direct. Micro USBv2.0 With Charging and Mass Storage Function. Yes Bluetooth v4.1 with A2DP Profile. GPRS GPRS stands for General Packet Radio Service it is also known as GSM-IP is global system mobile communications internet protocol which works in 2G and 3G cellular networks.It provides data speed up to 40 kbps which enable mobile devices to access the internet at a Similar speed of dial-up modem and it is used for wireless data transfer like sharing pictures, text, video or browse the internet via mobile phone connection. EDGE (Enhanced Data Rate for GSM Environment) also known as also known as Enhanced GPRS or EGPRS is a wireless network technology generally considered the next step in the 2G network offers data transfer rates up to four times faster than ordinary GSM networks, Generally, EDGE is used for the purpose of wireless data transfer, such as sharing pictures and videos or browsing the Internet via a mobile phone connection. Data Speed supports by any computing device such as Smartphone, Tablet, Computer, Laptop etc mostly it measured in Mbps (Mega bit per second).A good device always supports faster data speed. Web Browser => used to access information on the world wide web such as text, image, video, audio here we have listed some of the common browsers supported by the device.. HSUPA 5.76 Mbps Upload, HSDPA 21 Mbps Download. Google Chrome, Opera Mini, Support WAP, HTML, HTML5 Browsers. SMS (Short Messaging Service) is a text messaging service through which users can send text messages up to 160-224 characters to mobile devices such as cell phone, smartphone, and PDAs. MMS stands for Multimedia Messaging Service and it is used for sending multimedia message from one device to another device such as audio clips, video clips, images, text.. Email Email Stands for Electronic mail which used for sending and storing message it just like sending a physical letter.The user can send text messages, images, and other attachments to the recipient using the internet. You can create your account with Gmail, Yahoo, Hotmail or any other without any cost and its necessary to receive any message over internet and email address is unique to each user. IM stands for Instant Messaging is an exchange of text messages through a software application in real time, it enable users to create a kind of private chat room (for example Yahoo! Messenger and Apple's iChat ) with another user in order to communicate in real time over the Internet.. SMS, MMS, Email, Push Mail, IM, Hangouts. Battery Type => The battery is most important part of any electronics device and they powered by different-different kind of battery such as there are basically four types of cell phone batteries Lithium Polymer, Lithium Ion, Nickel Metal Hydride and Nickel Cadmium. Battery Capacity which measure typically in Amp-hr which tells users that how much of the charge stored by the battery. The battery capacity represents the maximum amount of power that can be run any computing device under certain conditions. A good battery always provides consistent power but it also depends on the quality of device, processor, and design. Standby Time is the longest time a phone can remain in the power during single battery charge while the device will not be in active use but constantly connected to the GSM network.. Talk Time is the total time a battery can power a phone under perfect conditions, talk time requires more power and much shorter than standby time. Music play time of the device in hours. The capacity of battery to play video on device. Time interval between charging a battery from 0 to 100%. Package Contents: What Accessories is included with this device when you Buy This item from Store,. What is inside the package box.. User Reviews and Discussion about Gadget. Be the first to add a Review. Body & Design (look and feel):. is this price is good for this device or not. 6 / 10 based on your selection. Please post a user review only if you have / had this product.. You May Be Interested in Other Models from BLU. BLU Studio XL LTE Smartphone Full Specification. BLU Studio X8 HD Smartphone Full Specification. BLU Advance A5 LTE Smartphone Full Specification. BLU Energy Diamond Mini Smartphone Full Specification. BLU Dash L4 LTE Smartphone Full Specification. BLU Neo X LTE Smartphone Full Specification. Gadgets Finder – Search Gadget Here. Up to 50% Off On Mobile Phone. Sony Xperia XZ2 Smartphone Full Specification. Huawei MediaPad M5 8 Tablet Full Specification. Huawei MediaPad M5 8 Wi-Fi Tablet Full Specification. Huawei MediaPad M5 10 Pro Wi-Fi Tablet Full Specification. Huawei MediaPad M5 10 Wi-Fi Tablet Full Specification. Alcatel 1T 10 Tablet Full Specification. LG Signature Edition Smartphone Full Specification. Samsung Galaxy S9 Exynos Smartphone Full Specification. Samsung Galaxy S8 G950K Smartphone Full Specification. Samsung Galaxy S8 G950FD Dual SIM Smartphone Full Specification. Google Pixel XL Smartphone Full Specification. Samsung Galaxy S8 G9500 Smartphone Full Specification. LG V30S ThinQ vs LG V30S+ ThinQ Comparison. ZTE Tempo Go vs ZTE Blade V9 Vita Comparison. Alcatel 1X vs Alcatel 1C Comparison. Alcatel 1X vs Alcatel 3X Comparison. MGCOOL Band 3 Companion App Helps You to Carve More. Samsung Galaxy J7 Neo Smartphone Full Specification. JGAURORA A5 Updated Large Printing Size 3D Printer Just for $359.99 – GearBest Coupon. VOYO i7 Notebook with i7 6500U, 8GB RAM Just for $599.32, Flat $40 GearBest Promo Code. Xiaomi YI 4K+ Action Camera 60fps 120Mbps Only for $249.99, Geekbuying Coupon Code. XDUOO Nano D3 Lossless Music MP3 HiFi Music Player GearBest $6.91 Promo Code. Xiaomi Mi 6 Smartphone with 5.2 inch Display, MIUI 8, Snapdragon 835 Chip Just for $409, GearBest Coupon Code. HBQ – I7 TWS Bluetooth Stereo Double Headsets HD Call for $15.39, GearBest Coupon Code. News 357 How to 252 Samsung 65 Coupons & Deals 63 Xiaomi 39 Apple 36 LG 35 Huawei 35. We Suggest You The Best Smartphone with Great Features. Brand Name (specific brand gadget you want). www.pdevice.com is one of the most useful and informative website where you will get tech news, gadget info such as review and specification, price, compare, site about Smartphone,Tablets, Laptops, smartwatch, vr headset tech specs and lot more about electronics gadgets all around the globe. We provide you with the latest information about electronics gadgets , tips and tricks about gadgets .. © Copyright © 2018 - www.pdevice.com. 
Select the department you want to search in. Sign in Account & Lists Sign in Account & Lists Orders Try Prime Cart. Your Amazon.com Today's Deals Gift Cards Registry Sell Help Disability Customer Support. Cell Phones & Accessories Carrier Phones Unlocked Phones Prime Exclusive Phones Accessories Cases Wearable Technology Best Sellers Deals Trade-In All Electronics. Only 13 left in stock - order soon.. Turn on 1-Click ordering for this browser. Please enter a valid US zip code.. Please enter a valid US zip code.. Shipping to a APO/FPO/DPO? Please add the address to your address book. Make sure you include the unit and box numbers (if assigned).. BLU Studio J1 (8GB) 4.0" Smartphone - GSM Factory Unlocked (US Warranty) Black. This item at this price, sold by Amazon.com, is currently reserved exclusively for Prime members. Prime free trial and invitee customers: We will automatically apply an Amazon.com Gift Card to your Gift Card Balance in the amount equal to the Prime exclusive discount after you become a paid Prime member. If you cancel your paid Prime membership or return the qualifying smartphone within the first 3 months of your paid Prime membership, we may void your Gift Card or charge you in the amount of the Gift Card. Terms and Conditions apply.. Only 13 left in stock - order soon.. Ships from and sold by BREED .. 4.0-inch IPS LCD Capacitive Touchscreen, 480 x 800 pixel resolution. Internal Memory: 8GB, 512MB RAM - microSD Up to 64GB. 5 Megapixel Camera with LED Flash, Touch Focus, Face Detection + 2 Megapixel Front Camera with LED Flash. Removable Lithium Polymer 1350 mAh Battery. This shopping feature will continue to load items. In order to navigate out of this carousel please use your heading shortcut key to navigate to the next or previous heading.. Customers who viewed this item also viewed. Page 1 of 1 Start over Page 1 of 1. BLU Studio X8 HD - 5.0" GSM Unlocked Smartphone -White. BLU Advance A4 -Unlocked Dual Sim Smartphone -Black. BLU Advance 5.2 - Unlocked Smartphone - 5.2" Display, 8GB +1GB RAM -Black. BLU Advance A5 -Unlocked Dual Sim Smartphone -Black. BLU Advance 5.0 Pro -Unlocked Dual Sim Smartphone - 8GB + 1GB RAM - Black. BLU Advance 4.0 L3 -Unlocked Dual Sim Smartphone -Rose Gold. What other items do customers buy after viewing this item?. BLU Studio X8 HD - 5.0" GSM Unlocked Smartphone -White. This shopping feature will continue to load items. In order to navigate out of this carousel please use your heading shortcut key to navigate to the next or previous heading.. Customers who bought this item also bought. Page 1 of 1 Start over Page 1 of 1. BLU Advance A4 -Unlocked Dual Sim Smartphone -Black. Find answers in product info, Q&As, reviews. Please make sure that you are posting in the form of a question.. Don't see what you're looking for?. There was a problem completing your request. Please try your search again later.. 2.46 x 4.78 x 0.41 in. 0.3 x 5.7 x 2.8 in. 0.3 x 5.7 x 2.8 in. 0.45 x 4.9 x 2.61 in. 0.43 x 5.26 x 2.59 in. 0.37 x 5.38 x 2.78 in. BLU Studio J1 (8GB) 4.0" Smartphone - GSM Factory Unlocked (US Warranty) Black. BLU Studio X8 HD - 5.0" GSM Unlocked Smartphone -White. BLU Advance 5.2 - Unlocked Smartphone - 5.2" Display, 8GB +1GB RAM -Black. BLU Advance 4.0 L3 -Unlocked Dual Sim Smartphone -Rose Gold. Blu vivo 5 Mini - 4.0" Smartphone Factory unlocked, Aluminum design, Silver. RCA M1 4.0 Unlocked Cell Phone, Dual SIM, 5MP Camera, Android 4.4, 1.3GHz (White). BLU's Studio J1 is all about Great Design, with a special matte and polished finished effect on the battery cover, the Studio J1 provides a great paint free design finish. A near perfect compact shape ensures great hand held experience. Enjoy the Studio J1's vividly stunning 4.0" Display and experience your visual experience like no other. Watch the most recent online movies with excellent display quality. Powered by a MediaTek 6570 1.3 GHz Dual-Core Processor, the Studio J1 will assure all your multitasking needs are running smoothly at all times. The Studio J1 has 8GB of internal memory for all your music, photos, and movies. If you should need additional storage, the J1 is expandable up to 64GB with a built in MicroSD slot. With a 5MP main camera working in tandem with a 2MP front camera, all your key moments will be captured in all there luster. With built in LED Flash on both front and main camera, all imahges will be gorgeous even in low lit environments.. 4.8 x 2.5 x 0.4 inches. 15 ounces ( View shipping rates and policies ). #524,574 in Cell Phones & Accessories ( See Top 100 in Cell Phones & Accessories ). #8,342 in Cell Phones & Accessories > Unlocked Cell Phones. Product Warranty: For warranty information about this product, please click here. If you are a seller for this product, would you like to suggest updates through seller support ?. Would you like to tell us about a lower price ?. 5 star 67% 4 star 4 star (0%) 0% 3 star 3 star (0%) 0% 2 star 2 star (0%) 0% 1 star 33%. Share your thoughts with other customers. There was a problem filtering reviews right now. 1.0 out of 5 stars Very slow and cheap quality phone. Very slow and freezes all time. Please, do not waste your money buying this phone. I gave to my 4 year old as a toy phone. She played on the phone for 30 mins aND gave it back, because it's slow.. 0 Comment | Was this review helpful to you?. 5.0 out of 5 stars Excellent basic phone.. Don't overload it with many apps and it will work fine. Remember it is a basic phone. You are not buying an iPhone so don't expect it to load it with a lot of apps and fly like a plane. For a basic phone, it is very good.. Was this review helpful to you?. 5.0 out of 5 stars Five Stars. 0 Comment | Was this review helpful to you?. There's a problem loading this menu right now.. Get fast, free shipping with Amazon Prime. Prime members enjoy FREE Two-Day Shipping and exclusive access to music, movies, TV shows, original audio series, and Kindle books.. Careers About Amazon Investor Relations Amazon Devices. Sell on Amazon Sell Your Services on Amazon Sell on Amazon Business Sell Your Apps on Amazon Become an Affiliate Advertise Your Products Self-Publish with Us › See all. Amazon Rewards Visa Signature Cards Amazon.com Store Card Amazon.com Corporate Credit Line Shop with Points Credit Card Marketplace Reload Your Balance Amazon Currency Converter. Your Account Your Orders Shipping Rates & Policies Amazon Prime Returns & Replacements Manage Your Content and Devices Amazon Assistant Help. Amazon Music Stream millions of songs. Amazon Drive Cloud storage from Amazon. 6pm Score deals on fashion brands. AbeBooks Books, art & collectibles. ACX Audiobook Publishing Made Easy. Alexa Actionable Analytics for the Web. Amazon Business Everything For Your Business. AmazonFresh Groceries & More Right To Your Door. AmazonGlobal Ship Orders Internationally. Home Services Handpicked Pros Happiness Guarantee. Amazon Inspire Digital Educational Resources. Amazon Rapids Fun stories for kids on the go. Amazon Restaurants Food delivery from local restaurants. Amazon Video Direct Video Distribution Made Easy. Amazon Web Services Scalable Cloud Computing Services. Audible Download Audio Books. AudiobookStand Discount Audiobooks on Disc. Book Depository Books With Free Delivery Worldwide. Box Office Mojo Find Movie Box Office Data. ComiXology Thousands of Digital Comics. CreateSpace Indie Print Publishing Made Easy. DPReview Digital Photography. East Dane Designer Men's Fashion. Fabric Sewing, Quilting & Knitting. Goodreads Book reviews & recommendations. IMDb Movies, TV & Celebrities. IMDbPro Get Info Entertainment Professionals Need. Junglee.com Shop Online in India. Kindle Direct Publishing Indie Digital Publishing Made Easy. Prime Now FREE 2-Hour Delivery on Everyday Items. Prime Photos Unlimited Photo Storage Free With Prime. Shopbop Designer Fashion Brands. TenMarks.com Math Activities for Kids & Schools. Warehouse Deals Open-Box Discounts. Whole Foods Market America’s Healthiest Grocery Store. Withoutabox Submit to Film Festivals. Woot! Deals and Shenanigans. Zappos Shoes & Clothing. Souq.com Shop Online in the Middle East. Subscribe with Amazon Discover & try subscription services. Conditions of Use Privacy Notice Interest-Based Ads © 1996-2018, Amazon.com, Inc. 
Hi ( Sign in to bid or buy) Daily Deals Gift Cards Help & Contact Sell. Summary Recently Viewed Bids/Offers Watch List Purchase History Selling Saved Searches Saved Sellers Messages. This item is out of stock.. People who viewed this item also viewed. 5''Inch Android 5.1 Quad Core 2G+8G 4G GSM WiFi Bluetooth Dual SIM Smart phone. Android6.0 Octa Core 4G+2G 4G GSM WiFi Bluetooth Dual SIM Dual Camera Smartphone. Unlocked Dual SIM Smartphone 5 Inch Display, 4G LTE GSM, Android6.0, Octa-Core. 5.0''Inch Android 5.1 Octa-Core 3G+32G 4G/GSM WiFi Bluetooth Dual SIM Smartphone. 5''Ultrathin Android 5.1 Quad-Core 2G 8G 4G/GSM WiFi Bluetooth Dual Smart Phone. SAVE $5 FOR EVERY 3 ITEMS YOU BUY. BLU Studio J1 (8GB) 4.0" Android 6.0, 4G Dual SIM Unlocked Phone GSM S050Q. Photos not available for this variation. Mouse over to Zoom - Click to enlarge. Upgrading? Sell it, don't trade it. BLU Studio J1 (8GB) 4.0" Android 6.0, 4G Dual SIM Unlocked Phone GSM S050Q. 1 Year Warranty - FREE Fast Shipping. Share on Facebook - opens in a new window or tab. Share on Twitter - opens in a new window or tab. Share on Pinterest - opens in a new window or tab. Ships in a business day with tracking. - opens in a new window or tab Learn more. thepriceboss has no other items for sale.. Please enter a quantity of $qty_dummy$ or less. Please enter a quantity of 1. Purchases are limited to $qty_dummy$ per buyer. Please enter quantity of 1 or more. Choose quantity that is less than $qty_dummy1$ or equal to $qty_dummy$. You can only choose quantity that is equal to $qty_dummy$. Does not ship to Singapore. United States and many other countries. help icon for Shipping - opens a layer. This amount includes applicable customs duties, taxes, brokerage and other fees. This amount is subject to change until you make payment. For additional information, see the Global Shipping Program terms and conditions - opens in a new window or tab. This amount includes applicable customs duties, taxes, brokerage and other fees. This amount is subject to change until you make payment. If you reside in an EU member state besides UK, import VAT on this purchase is not recoverable. For additional information, see the Global Shipping Program terms and conditions - opens in a new window or tab. No additional import charges on delivery. Any international shipping is paid in part to Pitney Bowes Inc. Learn More - opens in a new window or tab. International shipping and import charges paid to Pitney Bowes Inc. Learn More - opens in a new window or tab. Any international shipping and import charges are paid in part to Pitney Bowes Inc. Learn More - opens in a new window or tab. International shipping paid to Pitney Bowes Inc. Learn More - opens in a new window or tab. Any international shipping is paid in part to Pitney Bowes Inc. Learn More - opens in a new window or tab. Covered by eBay Money Back Guarantee. See details - opens in a new window or tab. Get the item you ordered or get your money back. Covers your purchase price and original shipping.. Add to cart to save with this special offer. If you Buy It Now, you'll only be purchasing this item. If you'd like to get the additional items you've selected to qualify for this offer, close this window and add these items to your cart.. Report item - opens in a new window or tab. Seller assumes all responsibility for this listing.. 3G Data Capable, 4G Data Capable, Bluetooth Enabled, Dual SIM, Global Ready, GPS, Internet Browser, Music Player, Speakerphone, Touchscreen. New: A brand-new, unused, unopened, undamaged item in its original packaging (where packaging is. Packaging should be the same as what is found in a retail store, unless the item is handmade or was packaged by the manufacturer in non-retail packaging, such as an unprinted box or plastic bag. See the seller's listing for full details. See all condition definitions - opens in a new window or tab. Blu Products Blu Batteries Samsung Nokia Apple Accessories Cases Sky Devices Motorola Prepaid SIM Plans LG Blackberry Sony Xiaomi Other. Seller assumes all responsibility for this listing.. The seller has not specified a shipping method to Singapore. Contact the seller - opens in a new window or tab and request shipping to your location.. Please enter a valid ZIP Code.. Item location: Miami, Florida, United States. Shipping to: United States, United Kingdom, Bulgaria, Sweden, Germany, Brazil, Dominican Republic, Saint Kitts-Nevis. Excludes: Bahrain, Iraq, Jordan, Kuwait, Lebanon, Oman, Qatar, Turkey, Yemen, Albania, Andorra, Austria, Belarus, Belgium, Bosnia and Herzegovina, Cyprus, Gibraltar, Guernsey, Hungary, Italy, Jersey, Latvia, Liechtenstein, Lithuania, Macedonia, Malta, Moldova, Monaco, San Marino, Serbia, Slovakia, Slovenia, Svalbard and Jan Mayen, Ukraine, Vatican City State, Brunei Darussalam, Cambodia, Laos, Macau, Malaysia, Singapore, Thailand, Vietnam. No additional import charges at delivery!. This item will be shipped through the Global Shipping Program and includes international tracking. Learn more - opens in a new window or tab. Please enter a number less than or equal to 0.. Please enter a valid ZIP Code.. Please enter 5 or 9 numbers for the ZIP Code.. This item does not ship to Singapore. Seller charges sales tax for items shipped to: FL(7.0%).. After receiving the item, contact seller within. Immediate payment required for this item. Immediate payment of US $46.80 is required.. Feedback on thepriceboss from others who bought this item. Seller shipped very fast, USPS was slow. Excellent customer service, excellent communication with potential buyers. Delivery before time, attached to the description, good product. What’s the Difference Between iOS and Android? ,. How to Buy a Bar Phone on eBay ,. Comparing iPhones: The Ultimate Buyer’s Guide ,. What's the Difference Between GSM and CDMA Cell Phones? ,. Samsung Galaxy S5 Buying Guide ,. How to Choose an Android Phone ,. How to Buy a Used Samsung S4 on eBay ,. The Pros and Cons of the Samsung Galaxy S5. HTC Evo 4G Android Dual SIM 8GB Cell Phones & Smartphones ,. HTC Evo 4G Dual SIM 8GB Bar Cell Phones & Smartphones ,. ASUS Android Dual SIM 8GB Cell Phones & Smartphones ,. HTC Evo 4G Dual SIM 8GB Cell Phones & Smartphones ,. Landvo Android Dual SIM 8GB Cell Phones & Smartphones ,. DOOGEE Bar Android Dual SIM 8GB Cell Phones & Smartphones. Site Map Copyright © 1995-2018 eBay Inc. Accessibility , User Agreement , Privacy , Cookies and AdChoice Norton Secured - powered by Verisign. 
Samsung Apple Nokia Sony LG HTC Motorola Huawei Microsoft Lenovo Xiaomi Google Acer Asus Oppo OnePlus Meizu BlackBerry Alcatel ZTE Toshiba Vodafone Energizer XOLO Lava Micromax BLU Gionee vivo LeEco Panasonic HP YU verykool Maxwest Plum. BLU Advance 4.0 L3 BLU Advance 4.0 M BLU Vivo 5 Mini BLU Studio J2 BLU Studio G Mini BLU Studio X8 HD. 
GSMchoice: 305 brands. A D V E R T I S E M E N T. Samsung Huawei LG Nokia Alcatel ZTE Sony Prestigio Asus Lenovo BLU Motorola HTC Sharp Coolpad Xiaomi Sony Ericsson Doogee Fly Oppo Honor i-mobile Intex Apple myPhone Panasonic Vivo Wiko Kyocera Micromax. Data Gallery Tests News Pictures Opinions Questions To your site. BLU 5.0 HD LTE BLU Advance 4.0 BLU Advance 4.0 L BLU Advance 4.0 L2 BLU Advance 4.0 L3 BLU Advance 4.0 M BLU Advance 4.5 BLU Advance A5 BLU Advance A5 LTE BLU Advance A5 Plus LTE BLU Amour BLU Brilliant T400 BLU Brilliant T410 BLU C5 BLU C5 LTE BLU Click T300 BLU Click T310 BLU Cubo Q300 BLU Cubo Q310 BLU Dash BLU Dash 3.5 D160 BLU Dash 3.5 D170 BLU Dash 3.5 D171a BLU Dash 3.5 II BLU Dash 4.0 D270a BLU Dash 4.0 D270i BLU Dash 4.0 D271a BLU Dash 4.0 D271i BLU Dash 4.5 BLU Dash 4.5 D310a BLU Dash 4.5 D310i BLU Dash 5.0 D410a BLU Dash 5.0 D410i BLU Dash 5.0+ BLU Dash 5.5 BLU Dash C Music BLU Dash G BLU Dash JR 3G BLU Dash Jr 4.0 K BLU Dash JR D140 BLU Dash JR D142 BLU Dash JR K BLU Dash JR TV BLU Dash L BLU Dash L2 BLU Dash L3 BLU Dash L3 8G BLU Dash L4 LTE BLU Dash L5 LTE BLU Dash M BLU Dash M2 BLU Dash Music 4.0 D272a BLU Dash Music 4.0 D272i BLU Dash Music JR BLU Dash X BLU Dash X2 BLU Dash XL BLU Dash X LTE BLU Dash X Plus BLU Dash X Plus LTE BLU Deco BLU Deejay T200 BLU Deejay T210 BLU Diamond M BLU Disco2Go II BLU Diva BLU Diva X BLU Dual SIM Lite BLU Energy Diamond BLU Energy Diamond Mini BLU Energy JR BLU Energy M BLU Energy X BLU Energy X 2 BLU Energy XL BLU Energy X LTE BLU Energy X Plus BLU Energy X Plus 2 BLU Ez2Go BLU Flash BLU Gol BLU Grand 5.5 HD BLU Grand 5.5 HD II BLU Grand Energy BLU Grand M BLU Grand M2 BLU Grand M2 LTE BLU Grand Max BLU Grand Mini BLU Grand X BLU Grand XL BLU Grand XL LTE BLU Grand X LTE BLU Janet BLU Janet L BLU Jenny II BLU Jenny T162 BLU Jenny T172 BLU Jenny TV 2.8 BLU Kick BLU Life 8 BLU Life 8 XL BLU Life Mark BLU Life Max BLU Life One BLU Life One LTE BLU Life One M BLU Life One X BLU Life One X2 BLU Life One X2 Mini BLU Life One X3 BLU Life One X 2016 BLU Life One XL BLU Life Play BLU Life Play 2 BLU Life Play mini BLU Life Play S BLU Life Play X BLU Life Pro BLU Life Pure BLU Life Pure mini BLU Life Pure XL BLU Life View BLU Life X8 BLU Life XL 3G BLU Life XL 4G BLU Magic 2 BLU Neo 3.5 BLU Neo 4.5 BLU Neo Energy Mini BLU Neo S220 BLU Neo S230 BLU Neo X BLU Neo X2 BLU Neo XL BLU Neo X LTE BLU Neo X Mini BLU Neo X Plus BLU Neo XT S280 BLU Neo XT S290 BLU Pure View BLU Pure XL BLU Pure XR BLU Quattro 4.5 BLU Quattro 4.5 HD BLU Quattro 5.7 HD BLU R1 HD BLU R1 Plus BLU R2 BLU R2 LTE BLU R2 Plus BLU S1 BLU Samba BLU Samba Mini Q200 BLU Samba Mini Q210 BLU Samba W BLU Selfie BLU Slim TV BLU Smart BLU Spark BLU Speed Q400 BLU Speed Q410 BLU Sport 4.5 BLU Star 4.5 BLU Star 4.5 Design Edition BLU Studio 5.0 BLU Studio 5.0 C BLU Studio 5.0 CE BLU Studio 5.0 C HD BLU Studio 5.0 HD LTE BLU Studio 5.0 II BLU Studio 5.0 K BLU Studio 5.0 LTE BLU Studio 5.0 S BLU Studio 5.0 S II BLU Studio 5.3 D500 BLU Studio 5.3 D510 BLU Studio 5.3 S BLU Studio 5.5 BLU Studio 5.5 C BLU Studio 5.5 HD BLU Studio 5.5 K BLU Studio 5.5S BLU Studio 6.0 HD BLU Studio 6.0 LTE BLU Studio 7.0 BLU Studio 7.0 II BLU Studio 7.0 LTE BLU Studio C BLU Studio C 5+5 BLU Studio C 5+5 LTE BLU Studio C 8+8 BLU Studio C 8+8 LTE BLU Studio C HD BLU Studio C mini BLU Studio C Super Camera BLU Studio Energy BLU Studio Energy 2 BLU Studio G BLU Studio G2 BLU Studio G2 HD BLU Studio G3 BLU Studio G HD BLU Studio G HD LTE BLU Studio G LTE BLU Studio G Max BLU Studio G Mini BLU Studio G Plus BLU Studio G Plus HD BLU Studio J1 BLU Studio J5 BLU Studio J8 BLU Studio J8 LTE BLU Studio J8M LTE BLU Studio Max BLU Studio Mega BLU Studio M HD BLU Studio Mini LTE BLU Studio M LTE BLU Studio One BLU Studio One Plus BLU Studio Pro BLU Studio Selfie BLU Studio Selfie 2 BLU Studio Selfie 3 BLU Studio Selfie LTE BLU Studio Touch BLU Studio View XL BLU Studio X 5 BLU Studio X 6 BLU Studio X8 HD BLU Studio XL BLU Studio XL 2 BLU Studio XL LTE BLU Studio X Mini BLU Studio X Plus BLU Studo J2 BLU Tango BLU Tank 4.5 BLU Tank T180 BLU Tank T190 BLU Tank Xtreme 2.4 BLU Tank Xtreme 4.0 BLU Tank Xtreme 5.0 BLU Tank Xtreme Pro BLU Tattoo BLU Tattoo TV BLU Texting2Go BLU TV2Go BLU TV2Go Lite BLU Vida1 BLU Vivo 4.3 BLU Vivo 4.8 HD D940a BLU Vivo 4.8 HD D940i BLU Vivo 5 BLU Vivo 5 Mini BLU Vivo 5R BLU Vivo 6 BLU Vivo 8 BLU Vivo 8L BLU Vivo Air BLU Vivo Air LTE BLU Vivo IV BLU Vivo One BLU Vivo Selfie BLU Vivo X BLU Vivo XL BLU Vivo XL 2 BLU Win HD BLU Win HD LTE BLU Win JR BLU Win JR LTE BLU Z3 BLU Zoey BLU Zoey 2.4 3G BLU Zoey 3G BLU Zoey II. Dimensions (W x H x D). 121.50 x 62.50 x 10.30 mm. Color / TFT 16M colors 480 x 800 px. microSD, microSDHC, microSDXC (up to 64 GB). MediaTek MT6570 Processor clock: 1.30 GHz Number of cores: 2. A D V E R T I S E M E N T. If you want to add standard information about this phone to your site please - click here !. A D V E R T I S E M E N T. Popularity chart of BLU Studio J1. We do our best to present the proper and current information on this page. However, in case of finding any error in the data above please. Sorry, there are no opinions yet.. © 2005 - 2018 PIK Sp. MWC18: Samsung finally reveals the premiere flagships ». MWC18: HMD Global and a lot of new Nokias – including the iconic “banana” ». MWC18: LG presents the LG V30S ThinQ model with artificial intelligence ». MWC18: Three series of Alcatel smartphones - the first launch in Barcelona ». MWC18: Huawei, a genius laptop and multimedia tablets ». Samsung Galaxy S9/S9+ Unpacked - where and how to watch? All Rights Reserved by PIK Sp. Your IP 162.158.179.32 Engine & layout by InterData. 
Home All Brands Top 10 Mobile Phones Latest News Latest Mobiles Phones Upcoming Mobiles Phones Model Finder Technology Blog. BLU Studio J1 (Full Device Specifications). » Specifications » 360° View » Pictures » Photo Quality. BLU Studio J1 Officially Announced :. Blue , Black , White Price : --- 8.6 out of 10. : ( 56 Ratings). BLU Studio J1 Release June 2017, weight 135g, 4” LCD capacitive touchscreen , 5.0 MP Camera, Bluetooth 4.1,Wi-Fi Price in February 2018. GSM 850 , GSM 900 , GSM 1800 , GSM 1900 GSM 3G Bands :. HSDPA 850 , HSDPA 1700 , HSDPA 1900 , HSDPA 2100 Operating System :. Dual Core Processor Processor Speed :. 512 MB Memory Card Slot :. 121 x 62 x 10 mm , Exactly 121.5 x 62.5 x 10.3 mm Slim/Thin :. 10 mm , (10.3 mm Thick) Weight :. Accelerometer , Proximity Sensor Dedicated Keys :. Volume , Power Device Security :. Device Password Lock , Device Pattern Lock , Slide Lock , PIN code Lock. LCD capacitive touchscreen Display Colors :. 16M Colors Pixel density range :. 201 to 275 ppi , (~233 ppi Pixel Density) Screen Resolution :. 480 x 800 pixels (WVGA) Display Size :. 4 Inch Screen To Body Ratio :. 51 to 60 Percent , (~59.9% screen-to-body-ratio) Multi Touch Support :. Vibration , MP3 ringtones , WAV. 5.0 MP , 2592 x 1944 Pixels Camera Flash LED :. 2.0 MP Front Camera Flash :. Yes , (LED Flash) Geo-Tagging :. With 480p 3G or Video Call :. With Wireless Connection Video Quality :. Autofocus , Touch focus , Self timer , Face Detection , Smile detection , HDR , Face Beauty. WAV , AAC , AMR , MP3 , WMA , MIDI , FLAC , OGG Video Format :. 3GP , MP4 , xVID , AVI , MKV , H.264 , H.263 3.5mm Headphone Jack :. HSUPA 5.76 Mbps , HSDPA 21 Mbps , HSPA plus Browser Name :. HTML , HTML5 WiFi Support :. Wi-Fi 802.11 b/g/n , WiFi Direct Hot Spot :. microUSB 2.0 NFC (Near Field Communication) :. Calculator , Notes , To-do list , Blu Help, Google Apps, VAS Apps. SMS , MMS , Email , Push Mail , IM , Hangouts GPS Tracking :. Li-Ion 1350 mAh Quick Charge :. 150 Hrs , (Unofficial) Talk Time :. 4 Hrs , (Unofficial) Music Playback :. Dual Sim(Dual Standby) Social Networking Services & Apps Ceramic Body Design Dotted Pattern Finish Back U.S Carriers Network Support Rounded Edges. BLU Studio J1 Handset Battery 1350 mAh Charger Micro USB Data Cable User Guide Warranty Card Screen Protector Silicon Case. » Full Specifications » User Opinions & Review » Compare » Pictures » 360° View » Related Phones » Review » Related News » User Manual » Photo Quality » Video Quality Tweet Popularity and Rating Rate this Mobile Phone Design. 0 1 2 3 4 5 Features. 0 1 2 3 4 5 Performance. 0 1 2 3 4 5. Categories » 4G VoLTE Mobiles » Apple iOS Mobiles » Android 4G » Dual Camera Phone » Dual Sim Mobiles » Android Smartphone » Dual OS Smartphone » Android Dual Sim » Android One » Android CDMA » Tablet » Android Tablet » Windows 4G » Windows Mobiles » Windows Tablet » Smartphone » CDMA Phone » GSM & CDMA Phone » Dual OS Tablets » Dual SIM Qwerty » Ubuntu Tablet » Ubuntu Mobiles » Basic Dual Sim » Basic Phone » Qwerty Phones » Touch & Type » Triple Sim Mobile » Slide phones » Android Camera Top Brands » Samsung » Apple » Nokia » Google » Lenovo » Motorola » BlackBerry » Huawei » HTC » Alcatel » OnePlus » LG » Asus » Xiaomi » ZTE » Micromax » Oppo » Karbonn » Vivo » Acer » Intex » BLU » Gionee » Vodafone » Lava » All Brands. LG V30S+ ThinQ LG V30S ThinQ ZTE Blade V9 Vita Nokia 7 Plus Nokia 8 Sirocco Nokia 1 Samsung Galaxy S9+ SM-G965 Samsung Galaxy S9 SM-G960. LG V30S+ ThinQ LG V30S ThinQ ZTE Blade V9 Vita Nokia 7 Plus. BLU Studio J1 Announced February 2018, weight 158g, 6” OLED Capacitive Touch Screen, 16 MP Camera, Bluetooth 5.0,Wi-Fi Price in February 2018 View Full Specifications | Unboxing Pictures | Manual Download | 360 View. BLU Studio J1 Announced February 2018, weight 158g, 6” OLED Capacitive Touch Screen, 16 MP Camera, Bluetooth 5.0,Wi-Fi Price in February 2018 View Full Specifications | Unboxing Pictures | Manual Download | 360 View. BLU Studio J1 Announced February 2018, weight 145g, 5.45” IPS LCD Capacitive TouchScreen, 13 MP Camera, Bluetooth 4.1,Wi-Fi Price in February 2018 View Full Specifications | Unboxing Pictures | Manual Download | 360 View. BLU Studio J1 Announced February 2018, weight 155g, 6” IPS LCD Capacitive TouchScreen, 12 MP Camera, Bluetooth 5.0,Wi-Fi Price in February 2018 View Full Specifications | Unboxing Pictures | Manual Download | 360 View. Home | Privacy Policy. 
A password will be e-mailed to you.. Smartphone / BLU Studio J1. OS : Android 6.0 Marshmallow. Primary Camera : 5 MP. 62.5 x 121.5 x 10.3 mm. TFT LCD Capacitive touchscreen, 16M colors. 400 x 800 pixels, 233 ppi. Autofocus, Continuous shooting, Digital zoom, Geotagging, Panorama, HDR, Touch focus, Face detection, White balance settings, ISO settings, Exposure compensation, Self-timer, Scene mode. We Can Not Ensure That There Information On This Page Is Accurate Information.. The overall rating is based on review by our experts. BLU Studio J1 Full Smartphone Specifications. BLU Studio J1 - User Reviews and Comments. Sorry, reviews are closed for this product.. © All content , design and layouts are Copyright 2015-2016 Technogoplay.com. 
We are unable to process your last request.. Rest assured we are working diligently to resolve this issue. If you would like to place an order by phone or speak with one of our Customer Service representatives please contact us:. Copyright © 2012 by Office Depot, Inc. 
Previous product APPLE iPHONE 6 PLUS 16GB GO.... Next product BLU DASH L3 BLACK .... Availability: Log in to see availability. Be the first to review this product. 8GB + microSD up to 64GB. 8GB + microSD up to 64GB. Only registered users can write reviews. Rush Star Wireless is a wireless master agent, distributor and phone wholesaler, providing industry-leading service to meet and exceed our distribution partners and vendors needs. With over 20 years of wireless experience, Rush Star leverages long-lasting, solid relationships to deliver first class products and services to our distribution.. Copyright © 2018 Rush Star Wireless, Inc.. 
BLU Studio J1 The easiest way to keep your BLU Studio J1 safe against chafes, dirt, dust, grime and everyday wear damage is by using an IQ Shield protector. Each protector is precisely designed for your BLU Studio J1 to make certain that all of the required openings are incorporated to keep your device fully operational. The high quality protective film also features a protective UV layer that prevents the protector from turning yellow, allowing it to remain crystal clear. Each protector is invisible to the naked eye and the smooth surface makes it give the impression as if no protector is installed. Each protector can be easily installed and removed just as easily without ever leaving any residue or marks that will damage your device. Included with every IQ Shield protector pack for the BLU Studio J1 is an installation squeegee, a microfiber cleansing cloth, a protector for your device, and a set of detailed instructions to assist you through your installation. All IQ Shield protectors are backed by a lifetime warranty that will replace your protector free of charge should it ever wear or need to be replaced.. BLU Studio J1 LiQuid Shield Screen Protector. BLU Studio J1 LiQuid Shield Full Body Skin Protector. BLU Studio J1 Matte Screen Protector. BLU Studio J1 Matte Full Body Skin Protector. Amazon Apple BlackBerry HTC Huawei Google Kyocera LG Motorola Nokia Samsung Sony ZTE OTHER BRANDS. Amazon E-Books Amazon Phones Amazon Tablets Amazon Set-Top Boxes Amazon Speakers. Apple Laptops Apple mp3 Players Apple Phones Apple Tablets Apple Miscellaneous Apple Watches. HTC Phones HTC Tablets HTC Watches. Huawei Phones Huawei Tablets Huawei Watches. Google Laptops Google Phones Google Tablets Google Misc. LG Phones LG Tablets LG Watches LG Laptops. Motorola Phones Motorola Tablets Motorola Watches. Nokia Phones Nokia Tablets Nokia Watches. Samsung Cameras Samsung Laptops Samsung mp3 Players Samsung Phones Samsung Tablets Samsung Watches Samsung 3D Glasses. Sony Cameras Sony E-Books Sony Laptops Sony Phones Sony Tablets Sony Watches Sony PlayStation Sony PlayStation Portable. ZTE Phones ZTE Tablets ZTE Watches. 
July 26, 2017 | Filed in: Android .. Press and hold Volume UP key and Power key for a few seconds. Release power key when Blue logo appears on the screen. Keep pressing Volume Up key until Recovery mode menu appears. Use Volume Down key to select Menu. Use Volume Up key to Confirm. In Recovery Mode, use Volume Down key to select wipe data / factory reset. Press Volume Up key to confirm. Use Volume Down key to select Yes — delete all user data. Press Volume Up key to confirm. Use Volume Down key to select Reboot system now. Press Volume Up key to confirm. How to enter BLU Studio J1 S050Q Recovery Mode, Hard reset (Wipe), Soft reset and Remove forgotten Pattern Unlock. We can do it with 2 ways by pressing combinations of external hardware keys and from Settings menu.. Recovery Mode BLU Studio J1 S050Q. Hard reset BLU Studio J1 S050Q using External Keys ( remove your forgotten pattern unlock ). Warning! If you perform a hard reset, make sure to back up important data. The data can not be recovered after perform a hard reset. If you forgot your unlock pattern, It will remove your forgotten pattern unlock.. Related Posts: BLU Studio Energy D810L BLU Studio 5.0 HD LTE BLU Studio 5.0 BLU Studio 5.0 S II D572a Blu Studio Energy 2. Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Reddit (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) More. Click to share on Pocket (Opens in new window). Tags: BLU Studio J1 S050Q , factory reset , hard reset , master reset , recovery mode , soft reset. « BLU Studio Selfie 3 S630Q. BLU Tank Xtreme Pro T0010UU ». How to root Samsung Galaxy Tab S2 8.0 SM-T715 Android 7.0 Nougat. How to root Samsung Galaxy Tab S2 8.0 SM-T715Y Android 7.0 Nougat. How to root Samsung Galaxy Tab S2 SM-T719Y Android 7.0 Nougat. How to Root Samsung Galaxy Tab S2 9.7 SM-T815Y Android 7.0 Nougat. How to root Samsung Galaxy Tab S2 9.7 LTE SM-T817W Android 7.0 Nougat. Fix Boot Loop After Update Samsung Android Firmwares. How to Root Samsung Galaxy J7 Pro SM-J730G Android 7.0 Nougat. Update Samsung Galaxy J7 Pro SM-J730G to Android 7 Nougat. Update Samsung Galaxy J7 SM-J730GM Android 7 Nougat. How to Fix Custom Binary blocked by FRP Lock J7 SM-J710FN (2016). TWRP: How to Root Samsung Galaxy J7 Pro SM-J730G Android 7.0 Nougat. Android Recovery Mode, Hard Reset, Firmware Update, Rooting. Enter your email address to subscribe to this blog and receive notifications of new posts by email.. 
FREE SHIPPING TO THE UNITED STATES. Skinomi TechSkin™ for BLU Studio J1. Home // Shop By Category // Cell Phones // BLU // BLU Studio J1. Skinomi.com provides BLU Studio J1 accessories and protective solutions. Our arsenal of protective films offer a durable alternative to bulky BLU Studio J1 hard cases. These films include BLU Studio J1 Screen Protectors and BLU Studio J1 Skin Protectors. TechSkin is the best solution for maximum scratch protection for your device. It is the toughest scratch protection film in the world made of the same material used to protect luxury cars, military aircrafts and NASA space shuttles. TechSkin has the ability to resist some of the highest level of abrasion combined with "self healing" capabilities. This advancement in protection technology will keep your BLU Studio J1 looking new and stunning. Skinomi prides itself as a provider of top quality products that entail impeccable customer service. We are committed to exceed our customers' expectations with our product innovation, fast order processing, and unrivaled support. Through constant research and development, our team is dedicated in bringing you the best BLU Studio J1 Screen Protector and BLU Studio J1 Skin Protector in the market.. itemId=sk31428-studio-j1-phone-screen-protector|~|priceRange=1|~|color=|~|size=|~|orderable=T|~|call-to-order=|~|call-for-price=|~|hasOptions=F|~|isOrganic=F|~|isNew=F|~|bestseller=|~|name=BLU Studio J1 TechSkin Screen Protector|~|brand=|~|rating=0|~|ratingCount=0|~|price=7.85|~|priceReg=7.85|~|priceSale=|~|image=https://sep.yimg.com/ay/yhst-38148694942392/blu-studio-j1-techskin-screen-protector-24.gif BLU Studio J1 TechSkin Screen Protector. itemId=sk31429-studio-j1-phone-skin-protector|~|priceRange=1|~|color=|~|size=|~|orderable=T|~|call-to-order=|~|call-for-price=|~|hasOptions=F|~|isOrganic=F|~|isNew=F|~|bestseller=|~|name=BLU Studio J1 TechSkin Full Body Skin Protector|~|brand=|~|rating=0|~|ratingCount=0|~|price=15.95|~|priceReg=15.95|~|priceSale=|~|image=https://sep.yimg.com/ay/yhst-38148694942392/blu-studio-j1-techskin-full-body-skin-protector-24.gif BLU Studio J1 TechSkin Full Body Skin Protector. itemId=sk31430-studio-j1-phone-black-carbon-protector|~|priceRange=1|~|color=|~|size=|~|orderable=T|~|call-to-order=|~|call-for-price=|~|hasOptions=F|~|isOrganic=F|~|isNew=F|~|bestseller=|~|name=BLU Studio J1 TechSkin Black Carbon Fiber Skin|~|brand=|~|rating=0|~|ratingCount=0|~|price=15.95|~|priceReg=15.95|~|priceSale=|~|image=https://sep.yimg.com/ay/yhst-38148694942392/blu-studio-j1-techskin-black-carbon-fiber-skin-24.gif BLU Studio J1 TechSkin Black Carbon Fiber Skin. itemId=sk31431-studio-j1-phone-silver-carbon-protector|~|priceRange=1|~|color=|~|size=|~|orderable=T|~|call-to-order=|~|call-for-price=|~|hasOptions=F|~|isOrganic=F|~|isNew=F|~|bestseller=|~|name=BLU Studio J1 TechSkin Silver Carbon Fiber Skin|~|brand=|~|rating=0|~|ratingCount=0|~|price=15.95|~|priceReg=15.95|~|priceSale=|~|image=https://sep.yimg.com/ay/yhst-38148694942392/blu-studio-j1-techskin-silver-carbon-fiber-skin-24.gif BLU Studio J1 TechSkin Silver Carbon Fiber Skin. itemId=sk31432-studio-j1-phone-gold-carbon-protector|~|priceRange=1|~|color=|~|size=|~|orderable=T|~|call-to-order=|~|call-for-price=|~|hasOptions=F|~|isOrganic=F|~|isNew=F|~|bestseller=|~|name=BLU Studio J1 TechSkin Gold Carbon Fiber Skin|~|brand=|~|rating=0|~|ratingCount=0|~|price=15.95|~|priceReg=15.95|~|priceSale=|~|image=https://sep.yimg.com/ay/yhst-38148694942392/blu-studio-j1-techskin-gold-carbon-fiber-skin-24.gif BLU Studio J1 TechSkin Gold Carbon Fiber Skin. itemId=sk31433-studio-j1-phone-pink-carbon-protector|~|priceRange=1|~|color=|~|size=|~|orderable=T|~|call-to-order=|~|call-for-price=|~|hasOptions=F|~|isOrganic=F|~|isNew=F|~|bestseller=|~|name=BLU Studio J1 TechSkin Pink Carbon Fiber Skin|~|brand=|~|rating=0|~|ratingCount=0|~|price=15.95|~|priceReg=15.95|~|priceSale=|~|image=https://sep.yimg.com/ay/yhst-38148694942392/blu-studio-j1-techskin-pink-carbon-fiber-skin-24.gif BLU Studio J1 TechSkin Pink Carbon Fiber Skin. itemId=sk31434-studio-j1-phone-dark-wood-protector|~|priceRange=1|~|color=|~|size=|~|orderable=T|~|call-to-order=|~|call-for-price=|~|hasOptions=F|~|isOrganic=F|~|isNew=F|~|bestseller=|~|name=BLU Studio J1 TechSkin Dark Wood Skin|~|brand=|~|rating=0|~|ratingCount=0|~|price=15.95|~|priceReg=15.95|~|priceSale=|~|image=https://sep.yimg.com/ay/yhst-38148694942392/blu-studio-j1-techskin-dark-wood-skin-24.gif BLU Studio J1 TechSkin Dark Wood Skin. itemId=sk31435-studio-j1-phone-light-wood-protector|~|priceRange=1|~|color=|~|size=|~|orderable=T|~|call-to-order=|~|call-for-price=|~|hasOptions=F|~|isOrganic=F|~|isNew=F|~|bestseller=|~|name=BLU Studio J1 TechSkin Light Wood Skin|~|brand=|~|rating=0|~|ratingCount=0|~|price=15.95|~|priceReg=15.95|~|priceSale=|~|image=https://sep.yimg.com/ay/yhst-38148694942392/blu-studio-j1-techskin-light-wood-skin-24.gif BLU Studio J1 TechSkin Light Wood Skin. itemId=sk31436-studio-j1-phone-brushed-steel-protector|~|priceRange=1|~|color=|~|size=|~|orderable=T|~|call-to-order=|~|call-for-price=|~|hasOptions=F|~|isOrganic=F|~|isNew=F|~|bestseller=|~|name=BLU Studio J1 TechSkin Brushed Steel Skin|~|brand=|~|rating=0|~|ratingCount=0|~|price=15.95|~|priceReg=15.95|~|priceSale=|~|image=https://sep.yimg.com/ay/yhst-38148694942392/blu-studio-j1-techskin-brushed-steel-skin-24.gif BLU Studio J1 TechSkin Brushed Steel Skin. itemId=sk31437-studio-j1-phone-brushed-aluminum-protector|~|priceRange=1|~|color=|~|size=|~|orderable=T|~|call-to-order=|~|call-for-price=|~|hasOptions=F|~|isOrganic=F|~|isNew=F|~|bestseller=|~|name=BLU Studio J1 TechSkin Brushed Aluminum Skin|~|brand=|~|rating=0|~|ratingCount=0|~|price=15.95|~|priceReg=15.95|~|priceSale=|~|image=https://sep.yimg.com/ay/yhst-38148694942392/blu-studio-j1-techskin-brushed-aluminum-skin-24.gif BLU Studio J1 TechSkin Brushed Aluminum Skin. itemId=sk31428-matte-studio-j1-phone-screen-protector|~|priceRange=1|~|color=|~|size=|~|orderable=T|~|call-to-order=|~|call-for-price=|~|hasOptions=F|~|isOrganic=F|~|isNew=F|~|bestseller=|~|name=BLU Studio J1 MatteSkin Screen Protector|~|brand=|~|rating=0|~|ratingCount=0|~|price=7.85|~|priceReg=7.85|~|priceSale=|~|image=https://sep.yimg.com/ay/yhst-38148694942392/blu-studio-j1-matteskin-screen-protector-24.gif BLU Studio J1 MatteSkin Screen Protector. itemId=sk31429-matte-studio-j1-phone-skin-protector|~|priceRange=1|~|color=|~|size=|~|orderable=T|~|call-to-order=|~|call-for-price=|~|hasOptions=F|~|isOrganic=F|~|isNew=F|~|bestseller=|~|name=BLU Studio J1 MatteSkin Full Body Skin Protector|~|brand=|~|rating=0|~|ratingCount=0|~|price=15.95|~|priceReg=15.95|~|priceSale=|~|image=https://sep.yimg.com/ay/yhst-38148694942392/blu-studio-j1-matteskin-full-body-skin-protector-24.gif BLU Studio J1 MatteSkin Full Body Skin Protector. Our Latest Designs: Nokia Lumia 635/630 , LG G2 Mini , Samsung Gear Live , LG G Watch , Pantech Vybe , Alacatel OneTouch POP 7 , Samsung Galaxy Tab S 10.5 , Samsung Galaxy Tab S 8.4 , OnePlus One , Microsoft Surface Pro 3 , Kyocera Hydro Icon. Cell Phones Tablets & E-Readers MP3 Players Gaming Devices Wrist Watches Digital Cameras GPS Laptops Mice & Keyboards Miscellaneous Devices Carbon Fiber Skins Natural Wood Skins Brushed Metal Skins TECH GLASS iPhone X Google Pixel 2 Google Pixel 2 XL Galaxy S8 Plus (S8+) Galaxy S8 Fire 7 (2017, Kids Edition Compatible) Nintendo Switch ZTE Quartz (SmartWatch) HTC U11 Fitbit Blaze LG G6 Apple iPhone 7 Plus Fitbit Charge 2 Garmin Vivoactive HR iPad Pro 12.9 (2017) Fitbit Alta HR Apple iPad (9.7",2017) Samsung Gear S3 Frontier (SM-R760,46mm) LG V20 Samsung Galaxy S7 Blackberry KEYone BlackBerry DTEK50 Apple Watch 42mm Series 2 Apple Watch Series 2 38mm OnePlus 5 Galaxy J7 (2017, US Version) Moto Z2 Play Samsung Galaxy J5 (2017) Huawei Watch 2 Sport Garmin Fenix 5x. Please Select Acer Aiptek Airo Wireless Altek Amazon Alcatel Apple Archos Arnova Asus Audiovox Barnes And Noble BenQ Siemens BlackBerry Canon Casio Cisco Creative Cricket Danger Hiptop Dell DigiLife D-Link DoCoMo Epson Eten Flip Fujifilm Garmin GE General Mobile Gigabyte Gigaware Glofiish Handspring Hasselblad Helio HP HTC Huawei iFOE i-Mate INQ JVC Kobo Kodak Konica Kyocera Latte Leica Lenovo LG Magellan Microsoft Mio Motorola MSI Nikon Nintendo Nokia O2 Olympus Openmoko Orange Palm Panasonic PanDigital Pantech Pentax Pocket PC Polaroid Qwest Ricoh Samsung Sanyo Saygus Sealife Sharp Siemens SK Telesys Sky Slacker Sony Sony Ericsson Terrestar Toshiba UTStarcom Velocity Micro Vertu Verzo ViewBook ViewSonic Vizio Uncategorized ZTE. Join Our Mailing List & Stay Up-to-Date. Get Exclusive Offers & New Product Updates.. Website design by Solid Cactus. 
Home › BLU › Studio J2 BLU Studio J2 - CPU. Last viewed devices List of mobile devices, whose specifications have been recently viewed.. Width Height Thickness Weight Write a review. Specifications Display Camera CPU Battery SAR Prices 1. Dimensions : 72.9 x 144.9 x 10.4 mm Weight : 143 g SoC : MediaTek MT6570 CPU : ARM Cortex-A7, 1300 MHz, Cores : 2 GPU : ARM Mali-400 MP1, Cores : 1 RAM : 512 MB Storage : 8 GB Memory cards : microSD, microSDHC, microSDXC Display : 5 in, IPS, 480 x 854 pixels, 24 bit Battery : 2000 mAh, Li-Ion OS : Android 6.0 Marshmallow Camera : 2592 x 1944 pixels, 1280 x 720 pixels, 30 fps SIM card : Micro-SIM Wi-Fi : b, g, n, Wi-Fi Hotspot USB : 2.0, Micro USB Bluetooth : 4.0 Positioning : GPS, A-GPS. CPU frequency, other BLU models Clock rate of the processor of BLU Studio J2 and information about other BLU models that have the same or similar CPU frequency. CPU frequency, models from other brands Clock rate of the processor of BLU Studio J2 and information about models from other brands with the same or similar CPU frequency.. 1300 MHz (MediaTek MT6582, Cores: 4) 1300 MHz (MediaTek MT6582, Cores: 4) 1300 MHz (MediaTek MT6580, Cores: 4) 1300 MHz (MediaTek MT6582, Cores: 4) 1300 MHz (MediaTek MT6582, Cores: 4) 1300 MHz (MediaTek MT6735, Cores: 4) 1300 MHz (MediaTek MT6582, Cores: 4) 1300 MHz (MediaTek MT6580, Cores: 4) 1300 MHz (MediaTek MT6580, Cores: 4) 1300 MHz (MediaTek MT6570, Cores: 2) 1300 MHz (MediaTek MT6580, Cores: 4) 1300 MHz (MediaTek MT6580, Cores: 4) 1300 MHz (MediaTek MT6580, Cores: 4) 1300 MHz (MediaTek MT6580, Cores: 4) 1300 MHz (MediaTek MT6580, Cores: 4) 1300 MHz (MediaTek MT6570, Cores: 2) 1300 MHz (MediaTek MT6570, Cores: 2) 1300 MHz (MediaTek MT6580, Cores: 4) 1300 MHz (MediaTek MT6737, Cores: 4) 1300 MHz (MediaTek MT6737, Cores: 4) 1300 MHz (MediaTek MT6580, Cores: 4) 1300 MHz (MediaTek MT6753, Cores: 8) 1300 MHz (MediaTek MT6580, Cores: 4) 1300 MHz (MediaTek MT6735, Cores: 4) 1300 MHz (MediaTek MT6753, Cores: 8) 1300 MHz (MediaTek MT6580, Cores: 4) 1300 MHz (MediaTek MT6580, Cores: 4) 1300 MHz (MediaTek MT6580, Cores: 4) 1300 MHz (MediaTek MT6580, Cores: 4) 1300 MHz (MediaTek MT6580, Cores: 4) 1300 MHz (MediaTek MT6582, Cores: 4) 1300 MHz (MediaTek MT6582, Cores: 4) 1300 MHz (MediaTek MT6580, Cores: 4). BLU Studio C 5 + 5. 1300 MHz (MediaTek MT6582, Cores: 4) 1300 MHz (MediaTek MT6582, Cores: 4) 1300 MHz (MediaTek MT6582, Cores: 4) 1300 MHz (MediaTek MT6572, Cores: 2) 1300 MHz (MediaTek MT6735, Cores: 4) 1300 MHz (MediaTek MT6735, Cores: 4) 1300 MHz (MediaTek MT6580, Cores: 4) 1300 MHz (MediaTek MT6572AW, Cores: 2) 1300 MHz (MediaTek MT6572, Cores: 2) 1300 MHz (MediaTek MT6570, Cores: 2) 1300 MHz (MediaTek MT6570, Cores: 2) 1300 MHz (Spreadtrum SC9832, Cores: 4) 1300 MHz (MediaTek MT6572, Cores: 2) 1300 MHz (MediaTek MT6735, Cores: 4) 1300 MHz (MediaTek MT6735, Cores: 4) 1300 MHz (MediaTek MT6582, Cores: 4) 1300 MHz (MediaTek MT6570, Cores: 2) 1300 MHz (MediaTek MT6580, Cores: 4) 1300 MHz (MediaTek MT6572, Cores: 2) 1300 MHz (MediaTek MT6572, Cores: 2) 1300 MHz (Nvidia Tegra 3 T30L, Cores: 4) 1300 MHz (MediaTek MT8783, Cores: 8) 1300 MHz (Cores: 4) 1300 MHz (MediaTek MT6737, Cores: 4) 1300 MHz (MediaTek MT8783, Cores: 8) 1300 MHz (MediaTek MT6737, Cores: 4) 1300 MHz (MediaTek MT8321, Cores: 4) 1300 MHz (MediaTek MT6580, Cores: 4) 1300 MHz (MediaTek MT6735A, Cores: 4) 1300 MHz (MediaTek MT6737, Cores: 4) 1300 MHz (MediaTek MT6753, Cores: 8) 1300 MHz (MediaTek MT6737, Cores: 4) 1300 MHz (MediaTek MT6572M, Cores: 2). Dimensions : 72.9 x 144.9 x 10.4 mm Weight : 143 g SoC : MediaTek MT6570 CPU : ARM Cortex-A7, 1300 MHz, Cores : 2 GPU : ARM Mali-400 MP1 RAM : 512 MB Storage : 8 GB Display : 5 in, IPS, 480 x 854 pixels, 24 bit Battery : 2000 mAh, Li-Ion OS : Android 6.0 Marshmallow Camera : 2592 x 1944 pixels, 1280 x 720 pixels, 30 fps. The information on this website is provided on "as is, as available basis" without warranty of any kind. DeviceSpecifications is not responsible for any omissions, inaccuracies or other errors in the information it publishes. All warranties with respect to this information are disclaimed. Reproduction of any part of this website in its entirety or partially or in any form or medium without prior written permission is prohibited. The trademarks, marques and logos of the manufacturers of devices, software, hardware, etc. are the property of their respective owners.. 
The next video is starting stop. Want to watch this again later?. Sign in to add this video to a playlist.. Sign in to report inappropriate content.. Sign in to make your opinion count.. Sign in to make your opinion count.. Rating is available when the video has been rented.. This feature is not available right now. If you like this video, please like and subscribe. When autoplay is enabled, a suggested video will automatically play next.. Best iPhone Clone: Blu Vivo mini unboxing and impressions!. Easy Way To Bypass Google Account Verification (New). BLU - Remove Google Account Protection / FRP - Security patch 2015-12-01. BLU - Remove Google Account Protection / FRP - Done in March 2017. Does It Suck? - $60 Android Phone. BLU Grand M Unboxing | Budget Smartphone. Blu Vivo Mini 5 Android Smartphone (Review). how to remove google account samsung galaxy J1 mini j105b j105h. BLU Studio C 5.0-Inch Android Smartphone with Lollipop Unboxing and First Impressions!. BLU DASH M google account bypass.. The MOST Underrated Android Phone // BLU Pure XR. REVIEW: Blu Advance 4.0 L2 - Unlocked Android 6.0 ($40). BLU VIVO 5 Mini In-depth Review. Samsung Galaxy J1 Unboxing and First Impressions!. BLU Grand M Review | Budget Smartphone. Sign in to add this to Watch Later. 
BLU Studio J1 Price In Jamaica , And Full Specifications. Rating: 0 / 5. Retail Price of blu studio j1 in Jamaica is JM$ 6,200. 121.5 x 62.5 x 10.3 mm (4.78 x 2.46 x 0.41 in). IPS LCD capacitive touchscreen, 16M colors. Up to 17 h (2G) / Up to 13 h (3G). GSM 850 / 900 / 1800 / 1900 - SIM 1 & SIM 2. HSDPA 850 / 1700(AWS) / 1900 / 2100. Read All User Comments Post Your Opinion. Best Price of BLU Studio J1 in Jamaica is Jamaican Dollar 6,200 (US$50) , All Prices updated on daily bases from the local market shops/Showrooms or price list provided by the main dealers of BLU in JAM we are trying to deliver possible best Price of BLU Studio J1 in Jamaica and Full specifications, But we can’t grantee the Price and Specifications are 100% correct on this page (human error is possible). All prices mentioned on this page are in Jamaican Dollar and valid all over the Jamaica including New Kingston, Kingston, Spanish Town Slight deviations are expected, you can check detailed specifications and price online on mobile57 before making a decision to buy BLU Studio J1 from online store or local shops.. If you find any error in rates or specs or have any suggestion to makes better this website please send us a massage by contact us page.. Disclaimer: We are trying to provid latest Mobile Phone prices in Jamaica and Specs, but we cannot guarantee. The latest launched Cell Phones are priced on the basis of international offerings without including shipment costs and taxes.. © Copyrights by Mobile57 2011 to 2018. 
The video you have requested is not available.. The next video is starting stop. Sign in to add this to Watch Later. 
