The BLU R2 LTE design incorporates premium metal for an incredible look and hand held experience. Curved glass form a super smooth front display that is aesthetically superior. Diamond cut polished chamfer edge on the camera and fingerprint sensor provide top grade details that set the R2 LTE apart from its competitors.. Available in Gold, Silver, Rose Gold and Black. The BLU R2 LTE utilizes state of the art material such as aluminum on the battery cover which provides structural integrity. While also raising the bar on the aesthetic quality. Pushing the design to a higher level that few succeed in.. Powered by a new and improved MediaTek 6737 1.3GHz quad core processor and a quicker Mali-T720 GPU. The R2 LTE provides great performance and enhanced battery life. Available with a 32GB/16GB internal memory and 3GB/2GB of RAM, the R2 LTE provides a flawless user experience. Expandable storage up to 64GB with a built in MicroSD card slot.. The BLU R2 LTE provides a visual experience like no other. A gorgeous 5.2â HD display with an explosive 720 x 1280 resolution and 282ppi , pictures are transformed into stunning images and cinema like video quality. High contrast and vivid saturation ensures that whatever is displayed will be perfect.. Incorporating the highest grade material such as curved glass touch panel ensures excellent feedback and feel, as well as a gorgeous look.. Featuring an amazing 13 Megapixel main camera with LED flash along with an equally impressive 13 Megapixel front selfie camera with LED flash, the BLU R2 LTE offers user a camera user experience like no other.. With a massive 13MP selfie camera plus LED Flash, the BLU R2 LTE takes selfie to the next level. With a f2.0 aperture, you can capture images in low light environment without a hitch. Friends and family will surely be impressed when you share those bestie moments.. Hours of enjoyment provided with BLU R2âs generous 3,000mAh battery. With a 30 day stand by time and 2 days of usage without the necessity of charging, the R2 LTE will make running out of battery a thing of the past.. The BLU R2 LTE assures you have total security and convenience with the press of a finger. Unlock your smartphone with ease and peace of mind, while also having quick accessibility to all your important applications and music.. New multi-window support to use apps on screen simultaneously. Better background optimization to minimize RAM use by system and apps. Project Vulkan API, a new 3D rendering API for 3D graphics. With these new enhancements in addition to other features available, users will have many new capabilities.. Stay globally connected with friends and family while traveling the world. The R2 LTE comes with 3G 850/900/1700/1900/2100 & 4G LTE bands 1/3/7/20 or 1/2/3/4/7/12/17/28 to ensure you always have access to worldwide carrier coverage while youâre on the go!. 1.3GHz Quad Core | 64 Bit. HD 720 x 1280 - 282ppi. Content Copyright 2016 © www.BluProducts.com All rights reserved. 
GSM 850 / 900 / 1800 / 1900 - SIM 1 & SIM 2. HSDPA 850 / 900 / 1700(AWS) / 1900 / 2100. 150.3 x 74.3 x 9.6 mm (5.92 x 2.93 x 0.38 in). IPS LCD capacitive touchscreen, 16M colors. 5.2 inches, 74.5 cm 2 (~66.8% screen-to-body ratio). 720 x 1280 pixels, 16:9 ratio (~282 ppi density). SMS(threaded view), MMS, Email, Push Email, IM. Up to 725 h (2G) / Up to 625 h (3G). Up to 26 h (2G) / Up to 16 h (3G). We can not guarantee that the information on this page is 100% correct. Samsung Apple Nokia Sony LG HTC Motorola Huawei Microsoft Lenovo Xiaomi Google Acer Asus Oppo OnePlus Meizu BlackBerry Alcatel ZTE Toshiba Vodafone Energizer XOLO Lava Micromax BLU Gionee vivo LeEco Panasonic HP YU verykool Maxwest Plum. BLU R2 LTE BLU R2 Plus BLU R1 HD BLU Life One X3 BLU S1 Samsung I9300 Galaxy S III. BLU Vivo X BLU Vivo 8 BLU Vivo One BLU Vivo XL BLU Vivo 5 BLU Life One X3. 
more ... more .... more ... more .... MEMORY: 8 GB + MicroSD. View all photos (6). Too little RAM memory (1 GB RAM). Low pixel density screen (282 ppi). The BLU R2 comes with a 1.3-GHz quad-core processor, 5.2-inch 720p display, 1 GB of RAM, 8 GB of storage and two 8-megapixel cameras.. Dimensions: 5.92 x 2.93 x 0.38 inches (150.3 x 74.3 x 9.6 mm). Weight: 5.50 oz (156 g) the average is 5.6 oz (159 g). Resolution: 720 x 1280 pixels. Features: Ambient light sensor, Proximity sensor. Pixel density - The pixel density of a display represents the number of pixels over an area of one inch. It’s measured in “pixels per inch”, or ppi. The higher the number, the more detailed and good-looking the display is.. Screen-to-body ratio - Shows what part of the frontal area of a phone its screen occupies.. Aperture size - The aperture of a camera is the opening through which light travels before it reaches the camera sensor. The smaller the number is, the bigger this opening is, allowing for more light to pass.. Quad-core, 1300 MHz, ARM Cortex-A7, 32-bit, 28 nm. System chip - Most modern handsets use an advanced chip that includes many of the device’s hardware modules like the processor, Wi-Fi, Bluetooth and sometimes even the wireless radio. This field shows what particular system chip (or System-on-a-Chip) is used in the phone.. Processor - The processor is the main computing component of a phone and is a major factor when it comes to the overall speed of the device. Some more powerful smartphones use dual-core and quad-core processors designed to deliver greater performance.. Graphics processor - The graphics processor is important for the smooth operation of the system and especially in games and other applications that may involve complex graphics and animations.. System memory - System memory, or RAM memory is the type of memory that the device uses to temporarily store data from the OS or currently-running apps. The more RAM available to the device, the better the performance will be when multiple or heavier programs are running.. Built-in storage - Bigger storage capacity allows you to keep more content saved onto your device, such as more applications, photos or video. Games and video content typically take up the biggest amount of storage space.. Storage expansion - Some handsets allow you to expand their storage capacity by using a memory expansion card – most often microSD. Expansion memory is mostly suitable for media storage, such as photo, video or music content.. Capacity - The bigger, the better! However, battery capacity is not the only factor that has an effect on battery life. Those include the chipset in use, the software running on the device, as well as the consumer's unique usage pattern.. Multimedia Screen mirroring: Wireless screen share. Filter by: Album, Artist, Genre, Playlists. Features: Album art cover, Background playback. Cellular GSM: 850, 900, 1800, 1900 MHz. UMTS: 850, 900, 1700/2100, 1900, 2100 MHz. Other features: Voice dialing, Voice commands, Voice recording. Features: Mass storage device, USB charging. Other: VoIP, Tethering, Computer sync, OTA sync. Positioning - This field shows the positioning systems supported by the device. The most common types are GPS and A-GPS.. GPS - This is one of the most widespread global positioning technologies, developed and maintained by the U.S. It uses satellites in order to detect your location. A-GPS - A-GPS stands for Assisted GPS and is the industry standard for positioning and navigation. “Assisted” means that it can use local wireless networks, in addition to satellites, for quicker and more precise localization.. FCC approval - The Federal Communications Commission (FCC) is an independent United States government agency, directly responsible to Congress. The FCC was established by the Communications Act of 1934 and is charged with regulating interstate and international communications by radio, television, wire, satellite and cable. The FCC's jurisdiction covers the 50 states, the District of Columbia, and U.S. Every wireless phone device that is sold in the U.S. has to be tested and approved for sale by the FCC.. Date approved - Shows the date when the particular phone is approved by the Federal Communications Commission. FCC ID value - Shows the FCC Identifying value of the particular phone. FCC measured SAR - Working closely with federal health and safety agencies, such as the Food and Drug Administration (FDA), the FCC has adopted limits for safe exposure to radiofrequency (RF) energy. These limits are given in terms of a unit referred to as the Specific Absorption Rate (SAR), which is a measure of the amount of radio frequency energy absorbed by the body when using a mobile phone. The FCC requires cell phone manufacturers to ensure that their phones comply with these objective limits for safe exposure. Any cell phone at or below these SAR levels (that is, any phone legally sold in the U.S.) is a "safe" phone, as measured by these standards. The FCC limit for public exposure from cellular telephones is an SAR level of 1.6 watts per kilogram (1.6 W/kg).. To see the full specifications with in-depth details click here.. Despite our efforts to provide full and correct BLU R2 specifications, there is always a possibility of making a mistake. If you see any wrong or incomplete data, please LET US KNOW .. If you are interested in using our specs commercially, check out our Phone specs database licensing page.. $84 Buy. Gear S4 may come with a blood pressure monitor, Samsung patent reveals. Google Pay launches today, but its most important feature is not here yet. Galaxy S9 and S9+ previewed in glorious detail with full specs and release date. Galaxy S9 and S9+ price and release date on Verizon, AT&T, T-Mobile and Best Buy. The Samsung Galaxy S9 and S9+ have game-changing cameras with variable aperture and 960fps slow-mo video recording. The Big Barcelona Camera Comparison: iPhone X vs Pixel 2 XL vs Note 8. Samsung Galaxy S9 and S9+ rumor review: Specs, design, features, price and release date. Sony presents Xperia XZ2 and XZ2 Compact: new design and Snapdragon 845. Galaxy S9 Exynos edition gets benchmarked against rivals!. Galaxy S9 first camera comparison vs iPhone X, V30, S8. Samsung Galaxy S9 & S9+ hands-on. MWC 2018: top smartphones to expect. Best smartphone you can buy in 2018. Allo is a quality app, but Google isn't giving it a real chance. All content (phone reviews, news, specs, info), design and layouts are Copyright 2001-2018 phoneArena.com. Reproduction in whole or in part or in any form or medium without written permission is prohibited! Privacy. 
Hi ( Sign in to bid or buy) Daily Deals Gift Cards Help & Contact Sell. Summary Recently Viewed Bids/Offers Watch List Purchase History Selling Saved Searches Saved Sellers Messages. People who viewed this item also viewed. XGODY Unlocked 4G LTE 5.5" HD 13MP 2+16GB Smartphone GPS Android 7.0 Cell Phone. BLU R2 LTE R0170WW 16GB Unlocked GSM 4G LTE Phone w/ 13MP Camera. BLU R2 LTE R0170WW 16GB Unlocked GSM 4G LTE Phone w/ 13MP Camera - Silver. Lenovo Phab 2 GSM Unlocked Dual SIM Smartphone Grey 6.4" 32GB 3GB Ram LTE. Blu R2 3G Unlocked Android Cell Phone GSM Dual SIM 3G Smartphone 8GB +1GB RAM. BLU R2 - 4G LTE Unlocked Android Cell Phone GSM Smartphone - 32 GB + 3GB RAM. Photos not available for this variation. Mouse over to Zoom - Click to enlarge. Upgrading? Sell it, don't trade it. BLU R2 - 4G LTE Unlocked Android Cell Phone GSM Smartphone - 32 GB + 3GB RAM. Share on Facebook - opens in a new window or tab. Share on Twitter - opens in a new window or tab. Share on Pinterest - opens in a new window or tab. Ships in a business day with tracking. - opens in a new window or tab Learn more. tojo0308 has no other items for sale.. Please enter a quantity of $qty_dummy$ or less. Please enter a quantity of 1. Purchases are limited to $qty_dummy$ per buyer. Please enter quantity of 1 or more. Choose quantity that is less than $qty_dummy1$ or equal to $qty_dummy$. You can only choose quantity that is equal to $qty_dummy$. help icon for Shipping - opens a layer. This amount includes seller specified US shipping charges as well as applicable international shipping, handling, and other fees. This amount is subject to change until you make payment. For additional information, see the Global Shipping Program terms and conditions - opens in a new window or tab. United States and many other countries. help icon for Shipping - opens a layer. This amount includes applicable customs duties, taxes, brokerage and other fees. This amount is subject to change until you make payment. For additional information, see the Global Shipping Program terms and conditions - opens in a new window or tab. This amount includes applicable customs duties, taxes, brokerage and other fees. This amount is subject to change until you make payment. If you reside in an EU member state besides UK, import VAT on this purchase is not recoverable. For additional information, see the Global Shipping Program terms and conditions - opens in a new window or tab. No additional import charges on delivery. help icon for Estimated delivery date - opens a layer. Estimated delivery dates - opens in a new window or tab include seller's handling time, origin ZIP Code, destination ZIP Code and time of acceptance and will depend on shipping service selected and receipt of cleared payment - opens in a new window or tab. Delivery times may vary, especially during peak periods.. 6 months to pay on $99+.. Apply Now - opens in a new window or tab. See terms - opens in a new window or tab. An error occurred, please try again.. Any international shipping and import charges are paid in part to Pitney Bowes Inc. Learn More - opens in a new window or tab. International shipping and import charges paid to Pitney Bowes Inc. Learn More - opens in a new window or tab. Any international shipping and import charges are paid in part to Pitney Bowes Inc. Learn More - opens in a new window or tab. International shipping paid to Pitney Bowes Inc. Learn More - opens in a new window or tab. Any international shipping is paid in part to Pitney Bowes Inc. Learn More - opens in a new window or tab. Covered by eBay Money Back Guarantee. See details - opens in a new window or tab. Get the item you ordered or get your money back. Covers your purchase price and original shipping.. Report item - opens in a new window or tab. Seller assumes all responsibility for this listing.. 3G Data Capable, 4G Data Capable, Dual SIM. New: A brand-new, unused, unopened, undamaged item in its original packaging (where packaging is. Packaging should be the same as what is found in a retail store, unless the item is handmade or was packaged by the manufacturer in non-retail packaging, such as an unprinted box or plastic bag. See the seller's listing for full details. See all condition definitions - opens in a new window or tab. Seller assumes all responsibility for this listing.. This item will ship to Singapore , but the seller has not specified shipping options. Contact the seller - opens in a new window or tab and request a shipping method to your location.. Please enter a valid ZIP Code.. Item location: Miami, Florida, United States. Shipping to: United States, Canada, United Kingdom, Denmark, Romania, Slovakia, Bulgaria, Czech Republic, Finland, Hungary, Latvia, Lithuania, Malta, Estonia, Australia, Cyprus, Slovenia, Sweden, Korea, South, Indonesia, Taiwan, South Africa, Thailand, Belgium, Hong Kong, Ireland, Netherlands, Poland, Germany, Austria, Israel, Mexico, New Zealand, Philippines, Singapore, Switzerland, Norway, United Arab Emirates, Qatar, Kuwait, Bahrain, Croatia, Republic of, Brazil, Costa Rica, Dominican Republic, Antigua and Barbuda, Aruba, Belize, Dominica, Grenada, Saint Kitts-Nevis, Saint Lucia, Montserrat, Turks and Caicos Islands, Barbados, Bangladesh, Bermuda, Brunei Darussalam, Bolivia, Ecuador, Egypt, French Guiana, Guernsey, Gibraltar, Guadeloupe, Iceland, Jersey, Jordan, Cambodia, Cayman Islands, Liechtenstein, Sri Lanka, Luxembourg, Monaco, Macau, Martinique, Maldives, Nicaragua, Oman, Peru, Pakistan, Paraguay, Reunion. No additional import charges at delivery!. This item will be shipped through the Global Shipping Program and includes international tracking. Learn more - opens in a new window or tab. Please enter a number less than or equal to 4.. Please enter a valid ZIP Code.. Please enter 5 or 9 numbers for the ZIP Code.. * Estimated delivery dates - opens in a new window or tab include seller's handling time, origin ZIP Code, destination ZIP Code and time of acceptance and will depend on shipping service selected and receipt of cleared payment - opens in a new window or tab. Delivery times may vary, especially during peak periods.. Will usually ship within 1 business day of receiving cleared payment - opens in a new window or tab .. Seller charges sales tax for items shipped to: FL (7.0%).. After receiving the item, contact seller within. Pay for your purchases when it's right for you. Choose PayPal Credit to pay all at once or enjoy the flexibility of paying over time with special financing offers.. For example, if your purchase qualifies, you could enjoy No Payments + No Interest if paid in full in 6 months on $99+.. Interest will be charged on your account from the posting date (which is usually within a few days after the purchase date) if the purchase balance is not paid in full within the promotional period. See terms - opens in a new window or tab. Other offers may be available from time to time.. The lender for PayPal Credit accounts is Comenity Capital Bank.. Immediate payment required for this item. Immediate payment of US $148.97 is required.. What’s the Difference Between iOS and Android? ,. How to Buy a Bar Phone on eBay ,. What's the Difference Between GSM and CDMA Cell Phones? ,. How to Choose a Touch Watch to Pair With Your Smartphone ,. How to Choose an Android Phone ,. How to Buy a Used Samsung S4 on eBay ,. How to Choose a Touch Watch to Pair With Your Android ,. Which Samsung Galaxy Phone Is Right for You?. Site Map Copyright © 1995-2018 eBay Inc. Accessibility , User Agreement , Privacy , Cookies and AdChoice Norton Secured - powered by Verisign. 
Hi ( Sign in to bid or buy) Daily Deals Gift Cards Help & Contact Sell. Summary Recently Viewed Bids/Offers Watch List Purchase History Selling Saved Searches Saved Sellers Messages. eBay > Cell Phones & Accessories > Cell Phones & Smartphones. blu R2 - 4g LTE Unlocked Android Cell Phone GSM Smartphone - 16 GB 2gb RAM Gold. More items related to this product. item 1 BLU Studio XL 2 LTE (16GB) 6.0" HD, 4G 13MP Dual SIM Android UNLOCKED S0270U - BLU Studio XL 2 LTE (16GB) 6.0" HD, 4G 13MP Dual SIM Android UNLOCKED S0270U. item 2 BLU Life ONE X2 Mini - 5.0" Unlocked Android Smartphone -4G LTE - 64GB + 4GB RAM - BLU Life ONE X2 Mini - 5.0" Unlocked Android Smartphone -4G LTE - 64GB + 4GB RAM. item 3 BLU Studio J8 LTE - 5.5" Display 4G Unlocked Android GSM Smartphone-16GB+2GB RAM - BLU Studio J8 LTE - 5.5" Display 4G Unlocked Android GSM Smartphone-16GB+2GB RAM. item 4 XGODY 6 Unlocked Smartphone 16GB For AT&T Straight Talk Android Cell Phone 4Core - XGODY 6 Unlocked Smartphone 16GB For AT&T Straight Talk Android Cell Phone 4Core. item 5 BLU Life Max 5.5" L0110UU Smartphone 16GB GSM Unlocked 4G LTE Android Blue NEW - BLU Life Max 5.5" L0110UU Smartphone 16GB GSM Unlocked 4G LTE Android Blue NEW. item 6 NEW BLU Studio XL2 ROSE GOLD 16GB GSM/HSPA/LTE Android Smartphone 4G QuaDCore 6" - NEW BLU Studio XL2 ROSE GOLD 16GB GSM/HSPA/LTE Android Smartphone 4G QuaDCore 6". item 7 XGODY Unlocked 4G LTE 5.5" HD 13MP 2+16GB Smartphone GPS Android 7.0 Cell Phone - XGODY Unlocked 4G LTE 5.5" HD 13MP 2+16GB Smartphone GPS Android 7.0 Cell Phone. item 8 BLU VIVO XL 2 4G LTE (32GB) 5.5" 3GB RAM Android Dual SIM GSM Unlocked V0070U - BLU VIVO XL 2 4G LTE (32GB) 5.5" 3GB RAM Android Dual SIM GSM Unlocked V0070U. Best Selling in Cell Phones & Smartphones. Trending price is based on prices over last 90 days.. Current slide {CURRENT_SLIDE} of {TOTAL_SLIDES}- Best Selling in Cell Phones & Smartphones. Samsung Galaxy S7 SM-G930 - 32GB - Black Onyx (Verizon) Smartphone. $306.99 New $99.95 Used. Samsung Galaxy S7 SM-G930 - 32GB - Gold Platinum (Verizon) Smartphone. $299.99 New $139.99 Used. Samsung Galaxy S8 SM-G950U - 64GB - Midnight Black (Unlocked) Smartphone. $569.00 New $389.99 Used. Samsung Galaxy S6 SM-G920V - 32GB - White Pearl (Verizon) Smartphone. $199.99 New $104.99 Used. Samsung Galaxy S5 SM-G900A - 16GB - Charcoal Black (AT&T) Smartphone. $139.99 New $71.95 Used. Samsung Galaxy S5 SM-G900A - 16GB - Shimmery White (AT&T) Smartphone. $129.99 New $60.00 Used. Samsung Galaxy S8+ SM-G955 - 64GB - Midnight Black (Unlocked) Smartphone. $606.15 New $340.00 Used. Save on Cell Phones & Smartphones. Trending price is based on prices over last 90 days.. Current slide {CURRENT_SLIDE} of {TOTAL_SLIDES}- Save on Cell Phones & Smartphones. Samsung Galaxy S7 G930V 4G LTE 32GB 4RAM 5.1" HD 12MP Android Unlocked Phone NEW. New Samsung Galaxy S7 SM-G930 - 32GB - Gold Platinum (Verizon) Smartphone. Samsung Galaxy S6 SM-G920V - 32GB - White Pearl (Verizon) Smartphone Unlocked. "NEW" Samsung Galaxy S5 SM-G900A AT&T Unlocked 16GB Phone Shadow - all Colors. Inbox New Samsung Galaxy S5 SM-G900A - 16GB Shimmery White - AT&T - GSM Unlocked. Samsung Galaxy S8 Unlocked 64GB - US Version (Midnight Black) - US Warranty. Current slide {CURRENT_SLIDE} of {TOTAL_SLIDES}- You may also like. Unlocked Android 2GB Cell Phones & Smartphones. HTC Evo 4G LTE Android Cell Phones & Smartphones. Android HTC Evo 4G LTE Cell Phones & Smartphones. blu Android Unlocked Cell Phones & Smartphones. HTC Droid Incredible 4G LTE Android Cell Phones & Smartphones. HTC Evo 4G LTE AT&T Android Cell Phones & Smartphones. 3G Data Capable, 4G Data Capable, Fingerprint Sensor, Bluetooth Enabled, Dual SIM, 3 g. Current slide {CURRENT_SLIDE} of {TOTAL_SLIDES}- Explore Buying Guides. What’s the Difference Between iOS and Android?. How to Buy a Bar Phone on eBay. What's the Difference Between GSM and CDMA Cell Phones?. How to Choose a Touch Watch to Pair With Your Smartphone. How to Choose an Android Phone. How to Buy a Used Samsung S4 on eBay. How to Choose a Touch Watch to Pair With Your Android. Which Samsung Galaxy Phone Is Right for You?. This item doesn't belong on this page.. Site Map Copyright © 1995-2018 eBay Inc. Accessibility , User Agreement , Privacy , Cookies and AdChoice Norton Secured - powered by Verisign. 
Home Account Sign out Sign up Log in. Specs Prices Reviews Q+A. From - To. Blu R2 - Reviews, Prices, Specs and Alternatives. $79.99 View deals. Compare Blu R2 with: Samsung Galaxy Note 4 Lg X Power Honor 7X. 0-100 scale indicating how frequently people buy the product online. 5.2 inch HD curved glass display; metal design with fingerprint scanner 13MP Main Camera with flash + 13MP front Camera with flash 16GB Internal memory 2GB RAM Micro SD up to 64GB, 1.3GHz Quad core 64 bit Mediatek processor with Mali-T720 GPU 4G LTE, (1/2/3/4/7/12/17/28Ab), 4G HSPA+ (850/1700/1900/2100). GSM Quad band: US compatibility Nationwide on all GSM Networks including AT&T, T-Mobile, Cricket, MetroPCS, Straight Talk, and others Purchase any qualifying 2017 BLU Smartphone for your chance to win a trip of a lifetime! See below for more details Read more. Mouse over a color for a picture. Show weights for other variations 227 grams - GOLD, R2 -16+2 (4G LTE) 227 grams - ROSE GOLD, R2 -16+2 (4G LTE) 227 grams - ROSE GOLD, R2 (3G) 227 grams - SILVER, R2 -16+2 (4G LTE) 227 grams - SILVER, R2 (3G) 227 grams - GOLD, R2 -32 +3 (4G LTE) 227 grams - BLACK, R2 -32 +3 (4G LTE) 399 grams - Black, R2 Plus. Show dimensions for other variations 15 cm x 7.6 mm x 7.4 cm - GOLD, R2 -16+2 (4G LTE) 15 cm x 7.6 mm x 7.4 cm - ROSE GOLD, R2 -16+2 (4G LTE) 15 cm x 7.6 mm x 7.4 cm - BLACK, R2 -16+2 (4G LTE) 15 cm x 7.6 mm x 7.4 cm - ROSE GOLD, R2 (3G) 15 cm x 7.6 mm x 7.4 cm - SILVER, R2 -16+2 (4G LTE) 15 cm x 7.6 mm x 7.4 cm - SILVER, R2 (3G) 15 cm x 7.6 mm x 7.4 cm - GOLD, R2 (3G) 15 cm x 7.6 mm x 7.4 cm - BLACK, R2 (3G) 15 cm x 7.6 mm x 7.4 cm - GOLD, R2 -32 +3 (4G LTE) 15 cm x 7.6 mm x 7.4 cm - BLACK, R2 -32 +3 (4G LTE) 15 x 1 x 7.6 cm - Black, R2 Plus. 15 cm x 7.6 mm x 7.4 cm. Mouse over a model for a picture. R010P GOLD R010P BLACK R0170WW GOLD R010P SILVER R0171WW GOLD R0170WW BLACK R0171WW BLACK R0190WW BLACK Show 4 more models. R0170WW SILVER R010P ROSE GOLD R0170WW ROSE GOLD R010P Bmc,.a,a/LACK. Samsung Galaxy Grand Prime DUOS 8GB. Key features 5.2" HD curved glass display Metal design Fingerprint scanner 13MP Main Camera with flash 13MP front Camera with flash 32GB/ 16GB/ 8 GB Internal memory 3 GB/ 2GB/ 1GB RAM Micro SD up to 64GB 1.3GHz Quad core 64 bit Mediatek processor Mali-T720 GPU 4G LTE, 4G HSPA+ GSM Quad band. Blu R2 is a very popular option at the bottom of the price range. It's in the top 3 bestselling smartphones and has dozens of popular alternatives in the same price range, such as BLU Studio Selfie or Blu Studio Selfie 3 .. Blu R2 is $91.99 cheaper than the average smartphone ($171.98).. Reviews from real customers who bought the product on Amazon. Loading customer reviews Retailer didn't disclose reviews for this item. Click here to view reviews on retailer's website Show price options, delivery options and more details for Blu R2. There are 5 questions about Smartphones. what is the best phone in high cam quality. Related: Lg Q6 , Iphone 8 Plus , Smartphones | Submitted by anonymous 50 days ago. Answer question I have this question too. Be the first one to reply?. My Alcatel px4 uses too much electricity?. Related: Alcatel A30 Plus , Samsung Galaxy S7 32GB , Smartphones | Submitted by David 142 days ago. Answer question I have this question too. Be the first one to reply?. I am down to the wire on which phone to buy for amazon prime, I like the Moto G5 or Honor 8, any suggestions?. Related: Moto G Plus 5th Gen , Huawei Honor 8 , Smartphones | Submitted by anonymous 229 days ago. Answer question I have this question too. Be the first one to reply?. Is the Blu Vivo 5 compatible with Motorola Bluetooth hands free 325. Related: BLU VIVO 5 32GB , Smartphones | Submitted by anonymous 261 days ago. Answer question I have this question too. Be the first one to reply?. I just paid through ebay a purchase. Of Samsung Galaxy S6 SM-G920T - 32GB - Black (T-Mobile). It is still locked and am seeking to know. To unlock it and use in Zambia FSM lines.. Related: Smartphones | Submitted by anonymous 347 days ago. Answer question I have this question too. Be the first one to reply?. Blu R2 vs BLU VIVO 8L Blu R2 vs Nokia 2. 6 Surprising Recipes You Can Make in a Slow Cooker. Top 4 Pressure Cookers to Save Time and Space. Top Qualities of a Good Espresso Machine. Go to Amazon Reviews Hide Amazon Reviews. This website displays data from third party public sources. We do not endorse or disapprove of any products presented here. The data presented is for information purposes only. All Trademarks and Copyrights belong to their respective owners. This website is an Amazon Affiliate.. Home page | Contact. us | Privacy. policy | Terms. use | Disclaimer | About. × Close Modal title. Join the community! ×. Already have an account? Log in. Don't have an account? Sign up. 
Select the department you want to search in. Sign in Account & Lists Sign in Account & Lists Orders Try Prime Cart. Your Amazon.com Today's Deals Gift Cards Registry Sell Help Disability Customer Support. Cell Phones & Accessories Carrier Phones Unlocked Phones Prime Exclusive Phones Accessories Cases Wearable Technology Best Sellers Deals Trade-In All Electronics. BLU R1 HD - 8 GB - Black. has been added to your Cart. Add a Carrier SIM Card for Service Activation:. T-Mobile SIM Starter Kit with Adapter. Cricket BYOD 2.0 Wireless 3-in-1 SIM Card Kit - Pr... Turn on 1-Click ordering for this browser. Please enter a valid US zip code.. Please enter a valid US zip code.. Shipping to a APO/FPO/DPO? Please add the address to your address book. Make sure you include the unit and box numbers (if assigned).. & FREE Shipping on eligible orders. 1-Year Unlocked Cell Phone Accidental Protection Plan. Coverage for drops, spills and product malfunctions. Free shipping on all repairs with $25 deductible. Cancel anytime, full refund in the first 30 days. SquareTrade Protection Plans are only valid for new products purchased at Amazon within the last 30 days. BLU R1 HD - 8 GB - Black. This item at this price, sold by Amazon.com, is currently reserved exclusively for Prime members. Prime free trial and invitee customers: We will automatically apply an Amazon.com Gift Card to your Gift Card Balance in the amount equal to the Prime exclusive discount after you become a paid Prime member. If you cancel your paid Prime membership or return the qualifying smartphone within the first 3 months of your paid Prime membership, we may void your Gift Card or charge you in the amount of the Gift Card. Terms and Conditions apply.. Sold by Open Group Wireless and Fulfilled by Amazon .. Fulfillment by Amazon (FBA) is a service we offer sellers that lets them store their products in Amazon's fulfillment centers, and we directly pack, ship, and provide customer service for these products. Something we hope you'll especially enjoy: FBA items qualify for FREE Shipping and Amazon Prime.. If you're a seller, Fulfillment by Amazon can help you increase your sales. learn more about Fulfillment by Amazon. Standard Version - Without Offers & Ads. Standard Version - Without Offers & Ads .... Standard Version - Without Offers & Ads. 8 GB Storage + 1 GB RAM. 8 GB Storage + 1 GB RAM. 16 GB Storage + 1 GB RAM. 16 GB Storage + 2 GB RAM. No Voice/Text and Partial Data Connection. Device Compatibility with United States Carriers. The table below provides detailed information about the BLU R1 HD - 8 GB - Black compatibility with the corresponding carrier network.. Fast 1.3 GHz quad-core MediaTek 6735 ARM Cortex processor with 8 GB Internal memory, 1 GB RAM and supports 2.4GHz wifi band. Enjoy the best of Google Android 6.0 Marshmallow, including Google Maps, Gmail, Play Store, and more. Dual SIM and MicroSD support for up to 64 GB of expandable storage. Stunning 5" HD display with curved Gorilla Glass 3 protection, plus an 8 MP main camera and 5 MP selfie camera that includes a front-facing LED flash. 4G LTE plus GSM unlocked for your favorite compatible carrier or for international travel (including AT&T, T-Mobile; not compatible with Verizon or Sprint). These items are shipped from and sold by different sellers. This item: BLU R1 HD - 8 GB - Black $79.99. Sold by Open Group Wireless and ships from Amazon Fulfillment.. BLU R1 HD ArmorFlex Case + Screen Protector – Black/Black $9.99. Ships from and sold by Amazon.com.. FREE Shipping on orders over $25. This shopping feature will continue to load items. In order to navigate out of this carousel please use your heading shortcut key to navigate to the next or previous heading.. Customers who viewed this item also viewed. Page 1 of 1 Start over Page 1 of 1. BLU Advance 5.2 - Unlocked Smartphone - 5.2" Display, 8GB +1GB RAM -Black. BLU R2 - 4G LTE Unlocked Smartphone - 16GB + 2GB RAM -Black. BLU Studio X8 HD - 5.0" GSM Unlocked Smartphone -White. BLU R010P BLACK R2 - 5.2" Unlocked Smartphone - 8GB + 1GB RAM -Black. BLU R2 - 4G LTE Unlocked Smartphone - 32GB + 3GB RAM -Black. BLU R1 Plus - 4G LTE Unlocked Smartphone - 32GB + 3GB RAM -Black. This shopping feature will continue to load items. In order to navigate out of this carousel please use your heading shortcut key to navigate to the next or previous heading.. Customers who bought this item also bought. Page 1 of 1 Start over Page 1 of 1. BLU R1 HD ArmorFlex Case + Screen Protector – Black/Black. BLU R1 HD Case, OMOTON High Impact Resistant Fully Protective Dual Layer Case with [Soft TPU Interior] [Durable PC Exterior] [Fashion Design], Black. BLU R1 HD Case, POETIC Revolution Series [Premium Rugged][Shock Absorption & Dust Resistant][Heavy Duty] Complete Protection Hybrid Case w/ Built-In Screen Protector for BLU R1 HD (2016) Black. QIBOX BLU-01 HD Screen Protector Anti-shock (Fits better and More Durable than Tempered Glass) Nanoshield HD Clear Shatterproof Protector for HD Phone Anti-bubble. BLU R1 HD Case, OMOTON High Impact Resistant Fully Protective Dual Layer Case with [Soft TPU Interior] [Durable PC Exterior] [Fashion Design], Silver. BLU R1 HD Case, OMOTON High Impact Resistant Fully Protective Dual Layer Case with [Soft TPU Interior] [Durable PC Exterior] [Fashion Design], Light Green. Find answers in product info, Q&As, reviews. Please make sure that you are posting in the form of a question.. Don't see what you're looking for?. There was a problem completing your request. Please try your search again later.. 5.0 inch HD Curved Display + On-Cell Touch Panel. The BLU R1 HD display will give you an immersive view from every angle. The curved display elevates the smartphone’s visual experience to a new level of stunning graphics and life-like colors that seem to jump of the screen. A vivid screen, 1280 x 720 pixels result in a 294 ppi combined with over 420 nit display will make this smartphone perfect for you.. Corning Gorilla Glass 3 will give your smartphone an extra layer of protection against scratches, cracks and breakage.. The BLU R1 HD blends technology and design into an incredible package. Incorporating the highest-grade material such as a curved glass touch panel ensures excellent sensory feedback and feel, as well as a gorgeous look. A metal trim runs the perimeter of the middle housing for a sophisticated finish. State of the art paint technology coats the battery cover in a super smooth finish that ensures the back cover is soft to the touch and provides a great hand held experience.. Rest assured that with the main 8 Megapixel Autofocus camera, f2.0 aperture, and 4P Lens all your pictures will be as perfect as you expect them to be. Record up to 1080p HD videos for lasting memory.. For selfies, you can trust the 5 Megapixel wide-angle front camera for premium shots. The built in BLU Final Touch Software will enhance your eyes, slim your face and smooth your skin. With the built in LED flash on the front and back, you can take pictures in a dark environment with ease.. Need for Speed with 4G LTE. Stay connected with speeds of up to 10x faster than 3G. No matter where you are in the country you’ll always have the fastest internet access.. BLU R1 HD supports with 4G LTE bands 2(1900MHz), 4(1700 MHz), 7(2600 MHz), Band 12(700MHz), and 17(2100MHz) and 3G bands 850/1700/1900/2100.. The MediaTek 6735 1.3GHz Quad-Core processor works simultaneously with 2GB of RAM, so that you get an impeccable experience each and every time you use your BLU R1 HD. To store your movies, music, and pictures you have 16GB of internal storage expandable up to 64GB via Micro SD card.. Whether it is a personal number and a business number or a personal number and an international sim, The BLU R1 HD has dual sim capabilities that allow you to have two phone numbers in one device. Use your smartphone with any GSM network provider worldwide, an unlocked phone gives you freedom to easily switch to any cellular carrier with better rates or service.. The best of Amazon on Android. Popular pre-installed Amazon apps allow quick access to your content, order history, wish list, shipment updates, and more. Plus, shop a personalized selection of daily deals right from the home screen.. A single sign-on experience provides Prime members with instant access to tens of thousands of movies and TV episodes with Prime Video, over one million songs with Prime Music, unlimited photo storage and backup, free 2-day shipping, and more.. Discover More with Lockscreen Offers and Ads. Personalized deals and product recommendations appear on the phone’s lockscreen while providing full access to personal notifications.. An unlocked phone is a device that is not bound to any carrier or plan. It allows you to choose your phone first and your carrier second. Upon selecting a plan, simply insert the carrier's SIM card into the phone and you're ready to go. If you decide you want to change carriers down the road or want to take an international trip, it's as simple as replacing your existing SIM card with a new SIM and activating your new plan.. What are the benefits of an unlocked phone?. Freedom: Choose the carrier with the best service or price. If you find a better deal later, you have the ability to change to a different carrier.. Travel: Take your phone internationally and use the carrier of your choice. It's as easy as inserting an active SIM card.. Selection: Choose the phone with the features you want, whether or not your carrier sells it, and get more service options without a contract.. How do I set up my unlocked phone?. The first thing you’ll need is a SIM card for your desired carrier. When activated, the SIM card will let your phone connect to your carrier’s network. If you decide to upgrade to a newer unlocked phone in the future, you can easily remove the SIM card from your old phone and put it in your new phone—just make sure you get the right size of SIM card (nano, micro, or standard) for your phone. If you want to use your phone while traveling internationally, you can easily buy a SIM card for a carrier that operates where you’re traveling. As long as it’s activated, you can just swap SIM cards when you arrive at your destination.. Offer Type: Standard Version - Without Offers & Ads. Size: 8 GB Storage + 1 GB RAM. Introducing R1 HD, the newest member of the BLU smartphone family. The new R1 HD promises performance, power, and style.. Offer Type: Standard Version - Without Offers & Ads. Size: 8 GB Storage + 1 GB RAM. 5.7 x 0.3 x 2.8 inches. 9.6 ounces ( View shipping rates and policies ). For warranty information about this product, please. If you are a seller for this product, would you like to suggest updates through seller support ?. Would you like to tell us about a lower price ?. 5 star 53% 4 star 17% 3 star 9% 2 star 6% 1 star 15%. Share your thoughts with other customers. There was a problem filtering reviews right now. 4.0 out of 5 stars BEST BANG FOR YOUR BUCK !!!!!. Offer Type: Standard Version - Without Offers & Ads - for B01 | Size: 16 GB Storage + 1 GB RAM | Verified Purchase. I received the BLU R1 HD - 16 GB – Black yesterday in the mail. I was too excited to receive it and for $ 60, I did not expect much out of it. As I opened the package, I found a nice looking box in the package. It was nicely sealed and well packaged. I opened the tab and could not wait to get my hands on this amazing product. As I opened the package, the phone was nicely wrapped in a bag with a screen protector on top to protect the screen from scratching. After I took the protective cover from the phone, I found an amazing looking screen the fitted in my hand nicely. The curved screen is often found in high-end phone but I was surprised to find in a phone under $60. Once I got my hands on the phone, I was looking for the battery to put it in and get it started. However, I could not find the battery. It turns out that the battery is built in and it is non-replaceable battery. But that’s ok, for $ 60, still not a bad bargain. I turned the phone on and it took about 10 minutes for set-up and update the phone. After that, I put my sim in and I made couple of phone calls. It has duel sim card slot and one micro SD card slot ( The maximum accepted is 64GB). The sound quality was very good. I tried the speaker phone and it was loud as well. After that I downloaded couple of games to try. I was blown away with the speed of processer. What was more impressive is that it stands by its name HD. That’s how the picture quality was. After that, I jumped on Amazon videos and started watching movies. Again, the clarity of the picture was outstanding. Another benefit of this phone is that because it is BLU-Amazon partnered phone, you can download Amazon Prime Videos on the phone when you have Wi-Fi so you can watch it offline when you have no internet connection. To me, it’s a plus benefit. Now comes the part of actually putting the phone to the LTE test. It did stand up to the LTE test. It downloads and uploads in a zoom. The down side to the phone is that the phone camera quality lacks a little. However, for $ 60 it is to be expected. Another reason this phone receives four stars from me is that the manual is very poorly written. In the packaging there is no headphones like other manufacturers do. But again, for $ 60 it’s a great phone. Not advanced as other but very well designed and easy to use phone. THE PROS OF THE PHONE PRICE ( WHEN COMPARED TO OTHERS) 1.3 GHz Quad Core Processer QUALITY 5.0 “ CURVED SCREEN & RESOLUTION 4G LTE UNDER $ 60 (FOR PRIME MEMBERS) ANDROID 6.0 (LATEST VERSION UPON RELEASE OF THIS PHONE) 2 GB RAM EXPANDABLE MEMORY (UP TO 64 GB) CONS OF THIS PHONE POOR PACKAGING ( not bad but could have been better comming from Amazon) POOR MANUAL NO HEADPHONES REAR CAMERA (ONLY 8 MP) FRONT CAMERA (5MP) In short… this is the best phone you can buy under $ 60 (for Prime Members) I AM A NEW REVIEWER THAT HAS ACTUALLY PAID FOR THE PHONE AND HAVE NOT RECEIVED THE PRODUCT FOR FREE. THEREFORE YOU CAN TRUST MY REVIEW AS I HAVE NOTHING TO GAIN OUT OF IT. THANK YOU FOR TAKING TIME TO READ MY REVIEW.. Was this review helpful to you?. 4.0 out of 5 stars Awesome Phone for the Price, and in General!. Offer Type: Standard Version - Without Offers & Ads - for B01 | Size: 16 GB Storage + 1 GB RAM | Verified Purchase. I've had this device for about a week now. If there is anything that comes up that I don't like after a month I will update the review. ***Usage*** The main thing that's missing in all reviews is how the people are using their device. This device is actually being used as my daily driver. I upgraded from an ever aging galaxy s3 which was rooted with cm 12. ***Hardware*** I know I know this does not come with a snapdragon 820 or 4 GB of RAM. Is it as fast as a galaxy s7, or a One Plus 3? No. But this costs sixty dollars where as the One Plus 3 costs $400, the s7 costing about $650. In fact if you look up on YouTube this device vs Galaxy S7 speed test, the S7 is barely faster. With my usage the hardware is just fine. I've had little to no lag. The 2GB of ram can keep about 5 apps open. And 16 GB of storage is more than enough for me. However, there is a micro SD card slot if 16 GB just isn't enough. The screen is better than my s3 screen. It is a 720p IPS panel. This pannel seems like a very good 720p pannel. Viewing angels are great, and colors seem good enough to me. The pannel is also protected in Gorilla Glass 3 which should offer enough protection for most people. Finally, the build quality is awesome for this phone. I know people will hate me for this but the build quality is better than a Galaxy S5 (However the Galaxy S6, S7, and One Plus 3 all have better build quality). The S5 has plastic edges, this has metal edges. The S5 also has a plastic back. This is an A+ in build quality for the price. And a B+ in build quality for any price. All in all the hardware for the Blu R1 HD is superb. I'm a geek and I have no problem what so ever with the speed of this phone. If you do basic stuff like Facebook, Instagram, Web Browsing, Music Listening, YouTube, and even games like Candy Crush or Temple Run this phone will do very well. Even more demanding games will do okay. However if you want the best performance, fastest game playing device, this is not for you. Instead look at a One Plus 3, Galaxy S7, or an iPhone 6s. ***Cameras**** The cameras on this phone are not any where close to as good as an S7, S6, S5, or S4. I would say the back camera does a little bit better than my Galaxy S3. The camera also shoots way fast. I would say the Back camera can snap a picture about as fast as the Galaxy S5 does. The front camera in my opinion is equal to the S5 front camera. And it even has front facing flash so low light quality should be better than the S5 on the front camera. All in all for the price point the camera is excellent, and in general the cameras are okay. I'd give an A+ for the price point, and a B- in general. I will include some sample shots in the pictures section. ***Speakers*** My biggest complaint about this phone is indeed the speakers. Yes it is a budget phone. No I don't expect these speaker to have good mids, lows, and good bass. However I do expect the speakers to be loud enough. Most YouTube videos require you to turn the volume all the way up just to barely here what the person is saying. If you watch movies these should be just fine if you like turning the volume up all the way. In this price range I would give the speakers a B-, and in general a C. ***Wifi, Cell Service, and Bluetooth*** The wifi is great on this phone. I seem to get the same signal strength out of this device as my mom's S7 does. However on our 100mbps fiber to the home network the S7 would get almost always 110mbps. Where as the Blu R1 HD would get about 37mbps download. The Blu also does not support the 5GHZ band.As for cell service, the Blu worked wonderful on AT&T's network. Cell strength was always the same as the S7. The Blu scored on average 61 mbps on AT&T's LTe network. I have yet to test my mom's S7. However, in the future I will update this review with the results of my mom's S7. Bluetooth was just like any other device. I could go about 15 feet away from my Bluetooth speaker before music started to get choppy. Bluetooth streaming was also smooth with little delay. All in all for sixty dollars; connection wise this phone gets an A+. And in general a B- (because of the wifi speeds). ***Call Quality**** Call Quality is just like a flagship from 2012. There is no Voice over LTE. And there isn't even support for Wi-Fi Calling. However, calls were always loud enough, and sounded just the same as my Galaxy S3. I also received no dropped calls. All in all for the price point, call Quality is an A-. ***Software*** The software on the Blu R1 HD is nearly stock Android. The only differences I could see was that Blu does not use the Google Now Launcher. And there are some extra display, and sound settings. There is also a separate Gallery app. And the camera UI is tweaked. The software always runs smooth, and is very fast and fluid. There is also no bloatware, except for the Google apps.If you get the Amazon Prime version, you will also have Amazon's apps preinstalled.You will also have ads on the lock screen which I personally do not mind at all. I have no complaints about the software, and I'd wish all budget phonrakers would take the Stock Android software approach. ***Updates*** Many people say BLU does not have a good history for updating their devices. This is true; however, I've already received two software updates in the two weeks I've had this phone. ***Final Verdict*** In my opinion there is no better phone you can get at this price point. If you don't do a lot of heavy gaming this phone is a much better choice than forking out $650 plus for an S7. I would also only buy the 16GB and 2GB RAM model if only because in this day and age that is the minimum. ****FINAL Updates**** Okay I know it's been a long time. But I need to update this review. If only because there were a few issuee that pushed me to buy a flagship after 6 months (Galaxy Note 5). At first, Bluetooth was just fine, as stated above in my first review. However, now my Bluetooth is always failing to connect. The only way to fix this is turning Bluetooth off, and then restarting the phone. The second issue I just could not stand was how quiet the rear firing speaker is. It is very very quiet to the point where you will need an external audio source. The final issue I have is the spyware that was found on the phone. The spyware would sentd various data to a company in China. However, BLU did push out an update to fix this. Speaking of updates, before switching to the Note 5, I had received about 6 updates. All of which were only a month behind Google's current monthly security patch. I also forgot to mention in my original review about the battery life. From my memory battery life was great for the price point. It had even better battery life than my Note 5 I have right now. With brightness turned up 25% most of the time I got around 4 hours of screen on time on average. Thanks for all the up votes everyone!. Was this review helpful to you?. 1.0 out of 5 stars Buyer BEWARE. Offer Type: Standard Version - Without Offers & Ads - for B01 | Size: 16 GB Storage + 1 GB RAM | Verified Purchase. Like several other reviews, after a couple of months of use, the phone messed up. Used this phone for 2 months and suddenly it can't read my SIM card. The SIM card has been checked at my provider, and it works fine. So we sent it back to BLU for repair. Repairs take 20 days, and you have to pay shipping to send the phone back. We received the phone back today and guess what - it still can't read my SIM card. Be careful when buying this phone. It seems to work great for a couple of months, then the problems start.. Was this review helpful to you?. Replacement for my last one, and works just as well as some flagships I've used.. 5.0 out of 5 stars Great budget phone. 3.0 out of 5 stars good price.. 5.0 out of 5 stars Five Stars. I bought two and they are great basic smartphones, but one mysteriously died after less than two months. Hoping the other one lasts a lot longer.. 3.0 out of 5 stars I bought two and they are great basic smartphones. 5.0 out of 5 stars Five Stars. It's Okay as a basic phone DON"T plan on much more... EVERY time I try to use an sd card as system memory it works for about two weeks and then the apps on it start to... 3.0 out of 5 stars Just use it as a backup... ---> 8+ Months Later Still 5+ Stars! Yes WoW - EvErYtHiNg - Battery is amazing (2+days w/med. use) - Great looking Screen! - Quickly does everything! Read more. 5.0 out of 5 stars ***** 5 ***** Stars -Every Day- ***YesEveryDay!***. 5.0 out of 5 stars Five Stars. This is such a great little phone! It's the best $60 phone you could ever hope to buy. The price has gone up since I bought it, but it's still worth the money.. 5.0 out of 5 stars Terrific value. battery died and will not recharge or power up anymore after 7 months. It's a non-removable battery, so that means you can't even buy a replacement battery.. 1.0 out of 5 stars Battery dies after 7 months. What other items do customers buy after viewing this item?. BLU Advance 5.2 - Unlocked Smartphone - 5.2" Display, 8GB +1GB RAM -Black. BLU R2 - 4G LTE Unlocked Smartphone - 16GB + 2GB RAM -Black. BLU Studio X8 HD - 5.0" GSM Unlocked Smartphone -White. BLU R2 PLUS – 4G LTE 5.5” Full HD Unlocked Smartphone – 32GB + 3GB RAM -Black. See and discover other items: blu selfie unlocked , micro sim phone unlocked , selfie flash , tmobile compatible phones , unlocked sprint cell phone , dual sim mobiles with 4g. There's a problem loading this menu right now.. Get fast, free shipping with Amazon Prime. Prime members enjoy FREE Two-Day Shipping and exclusive access to music, movies, TV shows, original audio series, and Kindle books.. Careers About Amazon Investor Relations Amazon Devices. Sell on Amazon Sell Your Services on Amazon Sell on Amazon Business Sell Your Apps on Amazon Become an Affiliate Advertise Your Products Self-Publish with Us › See all. Amazon Rewards Visa Signature Cards Amazon.com Store Card Amazon.com Corporate Credit Line Shop with Points Credit Card Marketplace Reload Your Balance Amazon Currency Converter. Your Account Your Orders Shipping Rates & Policies Amazon Prime Returns & Replacements Manage Your Content and Devices Amazon Assistant Help. Amazon Music Stream millions of songs. Amazon Drive Cloud storage from Amazon. 6pm Score deals on fashion brands. AbeBooks Books, art & collectibles. ACX Audiobook Publishing Made Easy. Alexa Actionable Analytics for the Web. Amazon Business Everything For Your Business. AmazonFresh Groceries & More Right To Your Door. AmazonGlobal Ship Orders Internationally. Home Services Handpicked Pros Happiness Guarantee. Amazon Inspire Digital Educational Resources. Amazon Rapids Fun stories for kids on the go. Amazon Restaurants Food delivery from local restaurants. Amazon Video Direct Video Distribution Made Easy. Amazon Web Services Scalable Cloud Computing Services. Audible Download Audio Books. AudiobookStand Discount Audiobooks on Disc. Book Depository Books With Free Delivery Worldwide. Box Office Mojo Find Movie Box Office Data. ComiXology Thousands of Digital Comics. CreateSpace Indie Print Publishing Made Easy. DPReview Digital Photography. East Dane Designer Men's Fashion. Fabric Sewing, Quilting & Knitting. Goodreads Book reviews & recommendations. IMDb Movies, TV & Celebrities. IMDbPro Get Info Entertainment Professionals Need. Junglee.com Shop Online in India. Kindle Direct Publishing Indie Digital Publishing Made Easy. Prime Now FREE 2-Hour Delivery on Everyday Items. Prime Photos Unlimited Photo Storage Free With Prime. Shopbop Designer Fashion Brands. TenMarks.com Math Activities for Kids & Schools. Warehouse Deals Open-Box Discounts. Whole Foods Market America’s Healthiest Grocery Store. Withoutabox Submit to Film Festivals. Woot! Deals and Shenanigans. Zappos Shoes & Clothing. Souq.com Shop Online in the Middle East. Subscribe with Amazon Discover & try subscription services. Conditions of Use Privacy Notice Interest-Based Ads © 1996-2018, Amazon.com, Inc. 
Home All Brands Top 10 Mobile Phones Latest News Latest Mobiles Phones Upcoming Mobiles Phones Model Finder Technology Blog. BLU R2 - Review, Video Review, Unboxing Demo. Mobile Network Support and Band Device Body Design and Display Device Hardware and Operating System Device Photography and Video Memory and Entertainment Features Internet and Data Communication Inside BLU R2 Box (Box Contents) BLU R2 Handset Battery 3000 mAh Charger Micro USB Data Cable Quick User Guide Screen Protector Protective Case Sim Removal Pin. BLU R2 was officially announced in July 2017, Device released in July 2017. BLU R2 have Dual Card Slots,BLU R2 support all GSM Based network providers. BLU R2 mobile device support 2G Band Frequency at GSM 850,GSM 900,GSM 1800,GSM 1900 and Hight Speed 3G Network Band at HSDPA 850,HSDPA 900,HSDPA 1700,HSDPA 1900,HSDPA 2100,comes with network handling support with Network settings and work offline with flight Mode.. BLU R2 is a Full touch Bar device and it have device dimension with 150 x 76 x 9 mm, Exactly 150.3 x 74.3 x 9.6 mm. Phone weight including the Battery 156g. Phone gave a dedicated Volume,Power,Fingerprint Key. BLU R2 display enhanced with IPS LCD Capacitive TouchScreen capable to display 16M Colors at ~282 ppi Pixel Density Touch screen with Multi Touch Support optimized by. Display Resolution of this phone is 720 x 1280 pixels (HD) compact with the 5.2 Inch display with Mode.Device has Loudspeaker to amplify music playback and tones,. BLU R2 equipped for Android 7.0 (Nougat) Operating System, Device hardware empoweredby MediaTek, MT6580 Chipsetand Quad Core Processor Processor handle manipulate tasks,at the speed of 1.3 GHz.device have 1 GB RAM.BLU R2 have internal storage 8 GB.memory can upgrade Upto 64 GB with MicroSD.BLU R2 have 8.0 MP Cameraand there is no Camera Flashand 8.0 MP Secondary front Camera.. BLU R2 8.0 MP and Photo output come at 8.0 MP, 3264 x 2448 Pixels Resolution in size camera help us to catch our favorite movements at Photographs and Videos high quality.Photo as includes date tagging and GPS based Geo Tagging.VideoVideo Recording at 1080p 30 FPSquality. Camera has powerful Digital Zoom digital zoom help us to focus objects very clear. Autofocus,Touch focus,Face Detection,Smile detection,HDR,Face Beauty,Voice Capture,Gesture Shot,Low Light Mode, F2.0 Aperture features also help us to take more precious photos for our daily use.Camera has powerful digital zoom help us to focus objects very clear. BLU R2 have secondary front camera and takes high quality photos as well Enhanced Camera features like TV Output helps to connect our device directly through LED, LCD TV through BLU R2.BLU R2 have Sweep Panorama to take pictures around you.. BLU R2 Supports major auto Formats WAV,AAC,AMR,MP3,WMA,MIDI,FLAC,OGG and video Formats 3GP,MP4,FLV,WMV,xVID,AVI,DivX,MKV,H.264,H.263, device haveMini headphone headphone jackBLU R2 have internal storage 8 GB help to storage enough data of music and video files.expendable memory can upgrade Upto 64 GB with MicroSD Memory Card.BLU R2 supports Stereo FM Radio along with FM Recording feature.Device have the power to playback musics Up to 20 Hrs through standard Media Player.able to play videos Up to 6 Hrs. BLU R2 Supports 2G Transfersand 3G TransfersData Transfer with GPRS and with EDGE.Data communication speed through HSPA plus,Data connection also through Wi-Fi 802.11 b/g/n, WiFi Direct.Wi-Fi supports dual band Hotspot support to share internet connection through BLU R2. Device support to browse web pages through with Google Chrome Browser, which supports you to browse web pages.browser also supports Adobe Flash. Personal data transfers through Bluetooth 4.0 Device comes with which helps to view mapsand locate our location through GPS Tracking help us for Navigation or Direction. Device supports messaging features SMS,MMS,Email,Push Mail,IM,Hangouts.. » Full Specifications » User Opinions & Review » Compare » Pictures » 360° View » Related Phones » Review » Related News » User Manual » Photo Quality » Video Quality Tweet Popularity and Rating Rate this Mobile Phone Design. 0 1 2 3 4 5 Features. 0 1 2 3 4 5 Performance. 0 1 2 3 4 5. Categories » 4G VoLTE Mobiles » Apple iOS Mobiles » Android 4G » Dual Camera Phone » Dual Sim Mobiles » Android Smartphone » Dual OS Smartphone » Android Dual Sim » Android One » Android CDMA » Tablet » Android Tablet » Windows 4G » Windows Mobiles » Windows Tablet » Smartphone » CDMA Phone » GSM & CDMA Phone » Dual OS Tablets » Dual SIM Qwerty » Ubuntu Tablet » Ubuntu Mobiles » Basic Dual Sim » Basic Phone » Qwerty Phones » Touch & Type » Triple Sim Mobile » Slide phones » Android Camera Top Brands » Samsung » Apple » Nokia » Google » Lenovo » Motorola » BlackBerry » Huawei » HTC » Alcatel » OnePlus » LG » Asus » Xiaomi » ZTE » Micromax » Oppo » Karbonn » Vivo » Acer » Intex » BLU » Gionee » Vodafone » Lava » All Brands. LG V30S+ ThinQ LG V30S ThinQ ZTE Blade V9 Vita Nokia 7 Plus Nokia 8 Sirocco Nokia 1 Samsung Galaxy S9+ SM-G965 Samsung Galaxy S9 SM-G960. LG V30S+ ThinQ LG V30S ThinQ ZTE Blade V9 Vita Nokia 7 Plus. BLU R2 Announced February 2018, weight 158g, 6” OLED Capacitive Touch Screen, 16 MP Camera, Bluetooth 5.0,Wi-Fi Price in February 2018 View Full Specifications | Unboxing Pictures | Manual Download | 360 View. BLU R2 Announced February 2018, weight 158g, 6” OLED Capacitive Touch Screen, 16 MP Camera, Bluetooth 5.0,Wi-Fi Price in February 2018 View Full Specifications | Unboxing Pictures | Manual Download | 360 View. BLU R2 Announced February 2018, weight 145g, 5.45” IPS LCD Capacitive TouchScreen, 13 MP Camera, Bluetooth 4.1,Wi-Fi Price in February 2018 View Full Specifications | Unboxing Pictures | Manual Download | 360 View. BLU R2 Announced February 2018, weight 155g, 6” IPS LCD Capacitive TouchScreen, 12 MP Camera, Bluetooth 5.0,Wi-Fi Price in February 2018 View Full Specifications | Unboxing Pictures | Manual Download | 360 View. » Specifications » 360° View » Pictures » Photo Quality. Home | Privacy Policy. 
Home Account Sign out Sign up Log in. Specs Prices Reviews Q+A. From - To. Comparing Blu R2 and BLU VIVO 8L. $79.99 View deals. $179.99 View deals. 0-100 scale indicating how frequently people buy the product online. 5.2 inch HD curved glass display; metal design with fingerprint scanner 13MP Main Camera with flash + 13MP front Camera with flash 16GB Internal memory 2GB RAM Micro SD up to 64GB, 1.3GHz Quad core 64 bit Mediatek processor with Mali-T720 GPU 4G LTE, (1/2/3/4/7/12/17/28Ab), 4G HSPA+ (850/1700/1900/2100). GSM Quad band: US compatibility Nationwide on all GSM Networks including AT&T, T-Mobile, Cricket, MetroPCS, Straight Talk, and others Purchase any qualifying 2017 BLU Smartphone for your chance to win a trip of a lifetime! See below for more details Read more. 5.3"HD Curved Corning Gorilla Glass 3 Display; 90% metal body with Fingerprint Sensor 13MP Sony IMX258 Main Camera with Flash + 20MP Super Selfie Camera with Flash 32GB of Internal Memory 3GB RAM Micro SD up to 64GB, MediaTek 6753 1.3GHz Octa Core processor 64 Bit with Mali-T720 GPU 4,000mAh Super Battery with Quick Charge; Android Nougat 7.0 4G LTE, (1/2/3/4/7/12/17/28), 3G HSPA+ (850/900/1700/1900/2100): US compatibility Nationwide on all GSM Networks including AT&T, T-Mobile, Cricket, MetroPCS, Straight Talk, and others. Mouse over a color for a picture. Show weights for other variations 227 grams - GOLD, R2 -16+2 (4G LTE) 227 grams - ROSE GOLD, R2 -16+2 (4G LTE) 227 grams - ROSE GOLD, R2 (3G) 227 grams - SILVER, R2 -16+2 (4G LTE) 227 grams - SILVER, R2 (3G) 227 grams - GOLD, R2 -32 +3 (4G LTE) 227 grams - BLACK, R2 -32 +3 (4G LTE) 399 grams - Black, R2 Plus. no data Know this info? Contribute!. Show dimensions for other variations 15 cm x 7.6 mm x 7.4 cm - GOLD, R2 -16+2 (4G LTE) 15 cm x 7.6 mm x 7.4 cm - ROSE GOLD, R2 -16+2 (4G LTE) 15 cm x 7.6 mm x 7.4 cm - BLACK, R2 -16+2 (4G LTE) 15 cm x 7.6 mm x 7.4 cm - ROSE GOLD, R2 (3G) 15 cm x 7.6 mm x 7.4 cm - SILVER, R2 -16+2 (4G LTE) 15 cm x 7.6 mm x 7.4 cm - SILVER, R2 (3G) 15 cm x 7.6 mm x 7.4 cm - GOLD, R2 (3G) 15 cm x 7.6 mm x 7.4 cm - BLACK, R2 (3G) 15 cm x 7.6 mm x 7.4 cm - GOLD, R2 -32 +3 (4G LTE) 15 cm x 7.6 mm x 7.4 cm - BLACK, R2 -32 +3 (4G LTE) 15 x 1 x 7.6 cm - Black, R2 Plus. 15 cm x 7.6 mm x 7.4 cm. 15 cm x 7.6 mm x 7.4 cm. no data Know this info? Contribute!. Mouse over a model for a picture. R010P GOLD R010P BLACK R0170WW GOLD R010P SILVER R0171WW GOLD R0170WW BLACK R0171WW BLACK R0190WW BLACK Show 4 more models. R0170WW SILVER R010P ROSE GOLD R0170WW ROSE GOLD R010P Bmc,.a,a/LACK. Samsung Galaxy Grand Prime DUOS 8GB. Key features 5.2" HD curved glass display Metal design Fingerprint scanner 13MP Main Camera with flash 13MP front Camera with flash 32GB/ 16GB/ 8 GB Internal memory 3 GB/ 2GB/ 1GB RAM Micro SD up to 64GB 1.3GHz Quad core 64 bit Mediatek processor Mali-T720 GPU 4G LTE, 4G HSPA+ GSM Quad band. Blu R2 is a very popular option at the bottom of the price range. It's in the top 3 bestselling smartphones and has dozens of popular alternatives in the same price range, such as BLU Studio Selfie or Blu Studio Selfie 3 .. Blu R2 is $91.99 cheaper than the average smartphone ($171.98).. Key features 5.3"HD Curved Corning Gorilla Glass 3 Display 90% metal body with Fingerprint Sensor 13MP Sony IMX258 Main Camera with Flash 20MP Super Selfie Camera with Flash 32GB of Internal Memory 3GB RAM Micro SD up to 64GB MediaTek 6753 1.3GHz Octa Core processor 64 Bit with Mali-T720 GPU 4,000mAh Super Battery with Quick Charge; Android Nougat 7.0 4G LTE. BLU VIVO 8L is a very popular option in the middle of the smartphones price range. It's in the top 3 bestselling smartphones and has dozens of popular alternatives in the same price range, such as Samsung Galaxy Note 3 32GB or Apple iPhone 4 Verizon .. BLU VIVO 8L is $8.10 more expensive than an average smartphone ($171.98).. Reviews from real customers who bought the product on Amazon. Loading customer reviews Retailer didn't disclose reviews for this item. Click here to view reviews on retailer's website Show price options, delivery options and more details for Blu R2. Loading customer reviews Retailer didn't disclose reviews for this item. Click here to view reviews on retailer's website Show price options, delivery options and more details for BLU VIVO 8L. There are 5 questions about Smartphones. what is the best phone in high cam quality. Related: Lg Q6 , Iphone 8 Plus , Smartphones | Submitted by anonymous 50 days ago. Answer question I have this question too. Be the first one to reply?. My Alcatel px4 uses too much electricity?. Related: Alcatel A30 Plus , Samsung Galaxy S7 32GB , Smartphones | Submitted by David 142 days ago. Answer question I have this question too. Be the first one to reply?. I am down to the wire on which phone to buy for amazon prime, I like the Moto G5 or Honor 8, any suggestions?. Related: Moto G Plus 5th Gen , Huawei Honor 8 , Smartphones | Submitted by anonymous 229 days ago. Answer question I have this question too. Be the first one to reply?. Is the Blu Vivo 5 compatible with Motorola Bluetooth hands free 325. Related: BLU VIVO 5 32GB , Smartphones | Submitted by anonymous 261 days ago. Answer question I have this question too. Be the first one to reply?. I just paid through ebay a purchase. Of Samsung Galaxy S6 SM-G920T - 32GB - Black (T-Mobile). It is still locked and am seeking to know. To unlock it and use in Zambia FSM lines.. Related: Smartphones | Submitted by anonymous 347 days ago. Answer question I have this question too. Be the first one to reply?. Blu R2 vs Nokia 2 Blu R2 vs Asus ZenFone 3 Deluxe. BLU VIVO 8L vs Blu Vivo 8 BLU VIVO 8L vs Samsung Galaxy J7 2016. 6 Surprising Recipes You Can Make in a Slow Cooker. Top 4 Pressure Cookers to Save Time and Space. Top Qualities of a Good Espresso Machine. Go to Amazon Reviews Hide Amazon Reviews. This website displays data from third party public sources. We do not endorse or disapprove of any products presented here. The data presented is for information purposes only. All Trademarks and Copyrights belong to their respective owners. This website is an Amazon Affiliate.. Home page | Contact. us | Privacy. policy | Terms. use | Disclaimer | About. × Close Modal title. Join the community! ×. Already have an account? Log in. Don't have an account? Sign up. 
Likes Followers Followers Followers Followers mobitabspecs Subscribe. TomTop Deals: Sharp Z2 4G smartphone available for $117.99 GearBest Deals: Onda V80 Tablet available for $74.99 TomTop Deals: HOMTOM S8 available for $128.99 GearBest Deals: Xiaomi Mi Note 3 available for $379.99 TomTop Deals: Koolnee K1 Trio smartphone available for $229.99 GearBest Deals: Xiaomi Mi Mix 2 available for $569.99 GearBest Deals: Xiaomi Mi 6 smartphone available for $449.99 GearBest Deals: MSI GL62M 7RD – 223CN Gaming Laptop available for $899.99 GearBest Deals: Vernee X Mobile available for $247.99 TomTop Deals: MX10 Android 7.1.2 TV Box RK3328 4GB / 32GB available for $58.99. Mobitabspecs - Tech Blog with Mobile Phones News and Specifications. News Deals Review Specification Mobiles Tablets Laptops Compare Comparisons. All Apps News Tablet News Mobile News Accessories News. Intex Aqua Lions T1 Lite launched in India for Rs 3899. iLA X AliExpress Tech Discovery Promotions & Will Attend the MWC 2018. Unnamed HTC 2Q5W1 smartphone spotted on GeekBench. Prev Next. All Tablet Deals TomTop Deals Mobile Deals Laptop Deals GearBest Deals Accessories Deal. TomTop Deals: Sharp Z2 4G smartphone available for $117.99. GearBest Deals: Onda V80 Tablet available for $74.99. TomTop Deals: HOMTOM S8 available for $128.99. Prev Next. DesignCap Review- A Free and Effortless Online Poster Maker. Create Beautiful Logo Designs for Your Business With DesignEvo. Review: iSeePassword Windows Password Recovery Pro. Switch To A New Phone And Make The Switch As Easy As It Gets. Prev Next. Home Gadgets Mobiles Upcoming Mobiles BLU R2. Brand: Blu Category: Mobiles. RAM : 2 GB/ 3 GB. CPU : Octa-core or Quad-core. Rear Camera : 8 MP. Phone Memory : 16 GB/ 32 GB. OS : Android OS v7.0. Key Specifications: 5-inch LCD multi-touch display 1280 x 720 pixels resolution 294 PPI, 16M color 4G Network Support Dual SIM 2 GB of RAM Quad-core Core processor 8 MP rear camera with LED flash 5 MP selfie camera with LED flash 16GB/ 32GB Internal Memory 64 GB External Memory via microSD Bluetooth v4.0 GPS/ A-GPS Wi-fi 802.11 b/g/n Android 7.0 Nougat OS 3000mAh battery. BLU R2 was expected to launch in July-2017 and it is spotted at the FCC website. The FCC listing does not give us full details of the smartphone.. The FCC confirmed that the R2 features a 5-inch Display, 3000 mAh battery and Fingerprint scanner (Rear mounted).. Type Design Type called form factor refers to a mobile phone's size, shape, and style as well as the layout and position of major components of phone. There are three major form factors seen in mobile phones => bar phones, folding phones and sliding phones.. Display Type Display Technology => A number of display technologies and types used in mobile phones => TFT (Thin Film Transistor), IPS (In-Place Switching), OLED (Organic Light Emitting Diode), AMOLED (Active-Matrix Organic Light-Emitting Diode), Super AMOLED (an even advanced version of AMOLED), Resistive Touchscreen (Resistive touchscreens contain two layer of conductive material with a very small gap between them which acts as a resistance), Capacitive Touchsceen (Capacitive touchscreen technology consists of a layer of glass coated with a transparent conductor). Pixel Density Pixel Density (PPI) is refers to the concentration of pixels on a particular display, measured in pixels per inch (ppi). Pixel density is calculated by dividing the diagonal pixel resolution of a display by its diagonal size, higher pixel density better display quality.. Display Colors Display Colors is refers to the number of different shades of colors that the screen is capable of displaying => 64K colors, 256K colors and 16 million colors, Obviously 16M is highest available range of colors and better than others.. Display Protection Display Protection => Gorilla Glass is a special alkali-aluminosilicate glass shield with exceptional damage resistance that helps protect mobile displays from scratches, drops, and bumps of everyday use, It is always better to go for a smartphone with Gorilla Glass for that added protection and peace of mind.. -2.5D curved glass -Scratch resistant. GSM 850 / 900 / 1800 / 1900 MHz. GSM 850 / 900 / 1900 / 2100 MHz. SIM SIM (Subscriber Identity Module) is a small card that contains mobile network subscriber's account information. This allows the phone using the card to attach to a mobile network. The SIM card is most commonly associated with GSM and UMTS mobile networks. Moving a SIM card from one phone to another allows a subscriber to switch mobile phones without having to contact their mobile network carrier. SIM cards can also be used by a phone to store limited amounts of data, such as phone numbers and text messages.. Chipset Chipset is a group of integrated circuits designed to perform one or a more dedicated functions, often with real time computing constraints, Popular smartphones are equipped with more advanced embedded chipsets that can do many different tasks depending on their programming.. CPU CPU (Central Processing Unit) mostly known as processors, CPU processes instructions in order to carry out certain functions that make your device operate properly. Processors are often described as the brain of computers, smartphones and tablets, Smartphones and tablets rely on processors to carry out their every task, Processors are an incredibly important factor in selecting any type of computing device, including your smartphone.. GPU GPU (Graphics Processing Unit) is a single-chip processor designed to rapidly manipulate and alter memory to accelerate the creation of images in a frame buffer intended for output to a display, This includes things such as lighting effects, object transformations, and 3D motion.. RAM (Memory) RAM (Random Access Memory) is a type of computer memory that can be accessed randomly, any byte of memory can be accessed without touching the preceding bytes that allows information to be stored and accessed quickly from random locations. RAM is the most common type of memory found in computer systems, smartphones, tablets and other electronic devices.. Internal Storage Internal Storage is a data storage space (flash memory) mostly used in smartphones, tablets and other electronic devices where operating system, apps, music, photos, videos, files and other user data Is stored.. Card Slot Memory Card Slot is a special slot for inserting a memory card. Memory cards allow you to expand the phone's built-in memory, A memory card (sometimes called a flash memory card or a storage card) is a small storage medium used to store data such as text, pictures, audio, and video, for use on small, portable or remote computing devices such as mobile phones, mp3 players, digital cameras.. Sensors Sensors are electronic components that detects and responds to some type of input from the physical environment. The specific input could be light, heat, motion, moisture, pressure and location, The output is generally a signal that is converted to use in computing systems, a location sensor, such as a GPS receiver is able to detect current location of your electronic device.. Operating System OS => Every computer system run on a base software called Operating System (OS). Operating System controls all basic operations of the computer (such as smartphone, PDAs, tablet computers and other handheld devices). The Operating System allows the user to install and run third party applications (apps), apps are used to add new functionality to the device.. Java Support Java for Mobile Devices is a set of technologies that let developers deliver applications and services to all types of mobile handsets, ranging from price efficient feature-phones to the latest smartphones. Java is currently running on over 3 billion phones worldwide, and growing. It offers unrivaled potential for the distribution and monetization of mobile applications.. Youtube Youtube is a popular free video-sharing website, Youtube is the largest video sharing site in the world, Millions of users around the world have created accounts on the site that allow them to upload videos that anyone can watch.. Facebook Facebook is a popular free social networking website that allows registered users to create profiles, upload photos and video, send messages and keep in touch with friends, family and colleagues. The site is available in 37 different languages.. SMS SMS (Short Messaging Service) is a text messaging service component of phone, Web, or mobile communication systems. It uses standardized communications protocols to allow mobile phone devices to exchange short text messages over the networks.. MMS MMS (Multimedia Messaging Service) is a standard way to send messages that include multimedia content (audio clips, video clips and images) to and from mobile phones over wireless networks using the WAP protocol.. Email Email (Electronic Mail) is a system for receiving, sending, and storing electronic messages, Similar to a letter, email is text messages that may contain files, images, or other attachments sent via the internet to a recipient by using applications and software prograps. An email address is required to receive email, and that address is unique to the user.. IM IM (Instant Messaging) is an exchange of text messages through a software application, it enable you to create a kind of private chat room with another individual in order to communicate in real time over the Internet.. Primary Camera is able to capture photographs and usually videos, The most important characteristics of a camera are the resolution (measured in megapixels), lens focus type (fixed or automatic), higher megapixel cameras are known to capture higher quality photos, but not always a good measurement of the photos quality.. Flash Flash Light => There is commonly two types of flash lights are used in camera mobile phones, LED Flash (LED flash offers lower power consumption with drive circuitry that takes up very little room, LEDs can be strobed faster than any other light source), Xenon Flash (xenon flash produces an extremely intense full-spectrum white light for a very short duration). Geotagging Autofocus Face detection Face beauty HDR Self-timer. Bluetooth Bluetooth is a wireless communications technology for exchanging data between mobile phones, headsets, computers and other network devices over short distances without wires, Bluetooth technology was primarily designed to support simple wireless networking of personal consumer devices.. Infrared Infrared connectivity is an old wireless technology used to connect two electronic devices. It uses a beam of infrared light to transmit information and so requires direct line of sight and operates only at close range.. Wi-fi Wi-Fi is a popular wireless networking technology using radio waves to provide high-speed network connections that allows devices to communicate without cords or cables, Wi-Fi is increasingly becoming the preferred mode of internet connectivity all over the world.. GPS GPS The Global Positioning System is a satellite-based radio navigation system, GPS permits users to determine their position, velocity and the time 24 hours a day, in all weather, anywhere in the world, In order to locate your position, your device or GPS receiver must have a clear view of the sky.. NFC NFC (Near field communication) is a set of standards for smartphones and similar devices to establish peer-to-peer radio communications with each other by touching them together or bringing them into proximity, usually no more than a few inches.. Wireless Charging Wireless Charging (Inductive Charging) uses an electromagnetic field to transfer energy between two objects. This is usually done with a charging station. Energy is sent through an inductive coupling to an electrical device, which can then use that energy to charge batteries or run the device.. HDMI HDMI (High-Definition Multimedia Interface) is a compact audio/video interface for transferring uncompressed video data and compressed or uncompressed digital audio data from a HDMI-compliant source device to a compatible computer monitor, video projector, digital television, or digital audio device.. GPRS GPRS (General Packet Radio Service) is a packet oriented mobile data service on the 2G and 3G cellular communication system's global system for mobile communications (GSM), Generally, GPRS is used for the purpose of wireless data transfer, such as sharing pictures and videos or browsing the Internet via a mobile phone connection.. EDGE EDGE (Enhanced Data GSM Environment) is a wireless network technology generally considered the next step in the 2G network offers data transfer rates up to four times faster than ordinary GSM networks, Generally, EDGE is used for the purpose of wireless data transfer, such as sharing pictures and videos or browsing the Internet via a mobile phone connection.. Web Browser Web Browser => a web browser is a software application used to locate, retrieve and display content on the World Wide Web, including Web pages, images, video and other files, The primary function of a web browser is to render HTML, the code used to design or markup webpages.. 3GP, M4V, H.263, H.264, MOV, AVI, xVID, WMV, FLV, MP4, H.265. Battery Type Battery Type => Cell phones run on various kinds of batteries depending on the manufacturer, phone size or shape and features. There are basically four types of cell phone batteries => Lithium Polymer, Lithium Ion, Nickel Metal Hydride and Nickel Cadmium.. Capacity Battery Capacity is a measure (typically in Amp-hr) of the charge stored by the battery, and is determined by the mass of active material contained in the battery. The battery capacity represents the maximum amount of energy that can be extracted from the battery under certain conditions.. Active noise cancellation with dedicated mic 2. Photo and video editor 4. BLU R2 - Rate this Device Be the first to add a Review Your Name * Your Email * Review Title * Review Text * Rate this Product Display: Screen size, image quality (brightness, colors, contrast, etc), visibility in sun light, angles of view and touchscreen. RAM: Processor: Bluetooth, Wi-fi connectivity, data trnasfer speed, internet browsing and interfaces. Camera: Usability of Camera interface, image and video quality in different light conditions and environment. Connectivity: Bluetooth, Wi-fi connectivity, data trnasfer speed, internet browsing and interfaces. Battery: What about battery life, while calling, listening music, watching videos, playing games and doing other tasks. Performance: Is this device perform good while watching videos, playing games, taking snapshots, browsing internet and navigate through other applications? Design: What do you feel about Design and build quality of this device? Average Rating 6 / 10 based on your selection. Please post a user review only if you have / had this product.. BLU Grand M2 LTE 0 Reviews View specs →. BLU Studio Pro 0 Reviews View specs →. BLU Tank Xtreme 5.0 Specifications, features 0 Reviews View specs →. BLU Studio G3 0 Reviews View specs →. BLU Advance 5.0 Pro $64.99 View specs →. BLU Advance A5 Plus $109.99 View specs →. BLU Advance A5 Full Specifications and Features $89.99 View specs →. BLU R2 LTE 0 Reviews View specs →. BLU Studio View XL 0 Reviews View specs →. BLU Grand XL LTE 0 Reviews View specs →. BLU Vivo 8L 0 Reviews View specs →. BLU Touchbook M7 Pro 0 Reviews View specs →. BLU Dash L3 full specifications, features 0 Reviews View specs →. BLU Grand 5.5 HD II 0 Reviews View specs →. BLU Dash L5 LTE 0 Reviews View specs →. BLU Grand X LTE full specifications and features 0 Reviews View specs →. 13,512 Likes 3,221 Followers 4 Followers 226 Followers 3,166 Followers RSS Subscribe. Intex Aqua Lions T1 Lite launched in India for Rs 3899. iLA X AliExpress Tech Discovery Promotions & Will…. Unnamed HTC 2Q5W1 smartphone spotted on GeekBench. Motorola Moto X4 6GB RAM variant launched in India. Prev Next 1 of 68. Mobile Specifications ZTE Tempo Go $80.00 ZTE Blade V9 Vita Ulefone T2 Pro Samsung Galaxy S9 Plus $839.99 Samsung Galaxy S9 $719.99 Nokia 8110 4G $99.00. Tablet Specifications BQ BQ-8041L Art $121.00 Samsung Galaxy Tab S4 10.5 SM-T835 Samsung Galaxy Tab A 10.1 2018 Samsung Galaxy Tab E 8.0 2018 Huawei Mediapad M5 10 Pro $643.00 Huawei Mediapad M5 10 $468.00. Laptop Specifications Dell XPS 13 9370 XPS9370-7170GLD-PUS Laptop $1,549.00 Dell XPS 13 9370 XPS9370-5156SLV-PUS Laptop $1,299.00 Xiaomi Air 13.3 Intel Core i7 Notebook $976.99 Asus A541UJ7200 Notebook $739.99 Asus A541UV7100 Notebook $609.99 Acer Predator 21 X $8,999.00. Recent Compares Alcatel 3 vs Alcatel 3x vs Alcatel 3v View Comparison → Alcatel 1x vs Alcatel 3v vs Alcatel 3x View Comparison → Nokia 8 Pro vs Nokia 7 Plus View Comparison →. Top Rated Samsung Galaxy S9 Plus $839.99 Samsung Galaxy S9 Active Apple iPhone Xc Apple iPhone X Plus LG Signature Edition $1,800.00 CAT S61. Brands 10.or 3 360 3 Acer 8 AGM 1 Alcatel 36 Allcall 1 Allview 20 Apple 11 Archos 38 Asus 46 AT&T 1 Blackberry 5 Blackview 24 Blu 45 Bluboo 8 BQ 21 Brandeis 1 Cagabi 2 CAT 5 Celkon 7 Changhong 0 Cherry Mobile 5 Coolpad 24 Cubot 5 Dell 2 DEXP 4 Doogee 16 Doopro 9 Doov 3 EL 1 Elephone 16 Energizer 1 Essential 1 Fly 20 Freetel 2 Geecoo 5 Geotel 1 Gionee 31 Google 4 Gooweel 2 Gretel 1 Hafury 3 Haier 6 Highscreen 3 Hisense 6 HomTom 7 HP 2 HTC 19 Huawei 93 IBall 3 iMAN 0 iNew 1 Infinix 3 Infocus 10 Innjoo 1 Intex 29 itel 4 Ivoomi 10 Jinga 4 Jivi 4 Karbonn 20 Kenxinda 8 Kingzone 1 Kodak 1 Konka 3 Koobee 1 Kyocera 11 Lava 11 Leagoo 12 LeEco 6 Lenovo 14 Lephone 4 LG 53 LYF 3 M-Tech 1 Meitu 3 Meizu 20 Micromax 33 Microsoft 2 Motorola 28 Noa 1 Nokia 25 Nomi 2 Nomu 2 OKWU 2 OnePlus 5 Oppo 28 Oukitel 15 Panasonic 24 Phicomm 3 Philips 10 Phonemax 4 Plum 3 Prestigio 26 Razer 1 Red 1 Runbo 1 Samsung 90 Sansui 1 Senseit 1 Sharp 18 Smartisan 3 Smartron 2 Sony 30 Spice 3 Sugar 10 Swipe 6 Symphony 8 T-Mobile 5 TCL 1 Teclast 1 Tecno 13 Texet 1 THL 1 TP-Link 5 Uhans 7 Ulefone 11 UMI 7 Unihertz 2 Vernee 7 Vertex 3 Vertu 0 Verykool 22 Videocon 5 Vivo 24 Vkworld 4 Vodafone 3 Vphone 1 Walton 2 Wiko 16 Wileyfox 1 Xgody 5 Xiaolajiao 13 Xiaomi 38 Xolo 4 YotaPhone 1 Yu 2 Zen 12 Ziox 6 Zopo 8 ZTE 72. Facebook Join us on Facebook Twitter Join us on Twitter Google+ Join us on Google Instagram Join us on Instagram Pinterest Join us on Pinterest. Mobitabspecs.com is a Tech Blog With Mobiles Tablets Laptops specifications, comparisons, Rumours full information and Resources. Mobiles Tablets Laptops News, Software Reviews, Daily exclusive Deals & Coupons and more.. Laptops 13 Mobiles 1396 Upcoming Mobiles 693 Tablets 101. Home Contact Us Disclaimer Privacy Policy Site Map Comparisons Compare Brands. 
Hi! Get more out of Walmart.com. Stretch your tax refund FREE Grocery Pickup See All Departments. Reorder Items Pickup Today Track Order Your Account Store Finder. Shop Electronics Smart Home Wearable Tech Cameras & Camcorders Walmart for Business Video Games. Shop all TV & Video TVs DVD & Blu-ray Players Home Audio & Theater TV Accessories. Shop all Cell Phones Straight Talk Phones Unlocked Phones Contract Phones No-Contract Phones Prepaid Minutes & Data Cases & Accessories. Shop all iPad & Tablets iPad Windows Tablets Android Tablets Accessories. Shop all Computers Laptops Desktops PC Gaming Printers & Supplies Networking Software Monitors Accessories. Shop all Auto Electronics GPS & Navigation. Shop all Portable Audio iPod & MP3 Players Headphones Speakers & Docks. Shop all Office Supplies Office Electronics School Supplies. Star Wars Marvel: Avengers Musical Instruments Computer Software. Shop all Movies & TV 2-Day Shipping Action & Adventure Blu-ray Discs Boxed Sets Children & Family Instawatch Movie DVDs New Releases Preorders TV Shows. Shop all Music 2-Day Shipping Music Gift Cards Country Music Soundtracks Vinyl New Releases Pop R&B / Soul Rock Top 100 CDs. Shop all Books Deals in books Preorders New Releases Biographies & Memoirs Children's Books Christian Books & Bibles Cookbooks, Food & Wine Comics & Graphic Novels Crafts & Hobbies Humor Literature & Fiction Health and Wellness Teen & Young Adult. Shop all Shop By Room Living Room Bedroom Bathroom Dining Room Kitchen Kids' Room Teens' Room Patio Entryway Office. Shop all Shop By Category Appliances Bath Bedding Furniture Home Decor Kids’ Bedding Kids’ Furniture Kitchen & Dining Lighting Mattresses Patio & Garden Rugs Storage & Organization Vacuums & Floor Care Window Coverings. Shop all Brand Shops KitchenAid Better Homes and Gardens The Pioneer Woman Mainstays. Shop all Specialty Shops Home Gift Guide Back to College Shop by Style. Shop All Home Improvement Bathroom Renovations Kitchen Renovations Water Purification Generators Garage & Storage. Shop all Air Quality Dehumidifiers Humidifiers. Shop all Tools Power Tools Hand Tools. Shop all Heating & Cooling Heaters Fireplaces Stoves. Shop all Paint Interior & Exterior Paint Ladders. Shop all Patio & Garden Patio Furniture Patio & Outdoor Decor Sheds & Outdoor Storage Outdoor Shade Grills & Outdoor Cooking Outdoor Heating Swimming Pools Hot Tubs & Saunas. Shop all Garden Center Outdoor Power Equipment Landscaping Pots & Planters. Shop all Industrial & Scientific Janitorial & Sanitation Supplies Food Service Equipment. Shop All Clothing Intimates & Sleepwear All Shoes Boys' Girls' Swim Shop Spring Fashion Activewear Shop School Uniforms Precious Metals Bags & Accessories Luggage Sleepwear Shop Premium Beauty Fashion Brands Clearance & More. Shop all Women's Women's Plus Juniors' Maternity Women's Shoes. Shop all Jewelry Wedding & Engagement Watches Fine Jewelry Fashion Jewelry Personalized Jewelry. Shop all Men's Men's Big & Tall Young Men's Men's Shoes Men's Jewelry. Shop all Baby & Toddlers' Baby Girl Baby Boy Toddler Girl Toddler Boy Baby & Kids' Shoes. Shop All Baby Baby Deals Parent's Choice Britax Premium Brands Restock Shop Baby Registry Baby Box Strollers Car Seats Baby & Toddler Clothing. Shop all Diapering & Potty Diapers Wipes Diaper Bags. Shop all Feeding Breast Feeding Bottle Feeding Baby Formula Baby Food Toddler Feeding Bibs & Burp Cloths. Shop all Nursery & Décor Cribs Furniture Bedding Décor. Shop all Toddler Room Furniture Bedding. Shop all Play & Travel Gear Playstations & Walkers Playards Swings Carriers & Wraps Baby & Toddler Toys. Shop all Health & Safety Bath Baby Gates Baby Monitors Baby Care. Toys Savings Musical Instruments Boys' Toys Girls' Toys Xbox One X Retro Gaming. Shop all Toys Action Figures Dolls & Dollhouses Cars, Drones & RC LEGO & Building Sets Pretend Play Arts & Crafts Electronics for Kids Learning Toys Nerf & Blasters Stuffed Animals & Plush Games & Puzzles. Shop all Bikes & Ride-Ons Kids' Bikes Ride-On Toys Hoverboards. Shop all Outdoor Play Swing Sets Trampolines. Shop all Shop by Age Preschool 5-7 8-11 12+. Shop all Video Games Virtual Reality New Releases PlayStation 4 Xbox One Nintendo Switch Accessories Digital Gaming Nintendo 3DS / 2DS Nintendo Wii U / Wii PlayStation VR Preorders Used Games. Restock Shop Fresh Flowers Meal Kits & Specialty Food Boxes Grocery Pickup & Delivery. Shop all Shop All Food Coffee Beverages Snacks & Cookies Breakfast & Cereal Meals Condiments Pasta Candy & Gum Soups Canned Goods Emergency Food Baking Center International Food. Shop all Household Essentials Laundry Room Kitchen Bathroom Paper & Plastic Cleaning Supplies Air Fresheners Batteries Pest Control As Seen On TV Light Bulbs. Shop all Shop All Pets Cats Dogs Fish Small Animals Birds Equine Reptiles. Shop all Clearance & Rollbacks Food Household Essentials Pets. Shop all Beauty Makeup Skin Care Fragrances Beauty Tools Hair Care Premium Beauty. Shop all Brands We Love Flower Culturelle OralB Braun ReliOn. Shop all Personal Care Feminine Care Incontinence. Shop all Shave Electric Shavers Razors. Shop all Oral Care Electric Toothbrushes Water Flossers. Shop all Bath & Body Lotions Body Wash. Shop all Vision Center Prescription Eyewear Contact Lenses. Shop all Health Medicine Cabinet Cold, Cough and Flu Digestive Health Home Health Care Diabetes Management. Shop all Wellness Supplements Protein & Fitness Weight Management Aromatherapy. Shop all Pharmacy Refill Prescriptions Transfer Prescriptions. Shop All Sports Outdoor Sports Emergency Prep Ozark Trail Hunting Trampolines Game Room Basketball Sports Fanshop. Shop all Camping Tents Airbeds Canopies & Shelters. Shop all Fishing Rod & Reel Combos. Shop all Boats & Water Sports Canoes, Kayaks & Boats. Shop all Recreation Bikes Lawn Games Air Soft Air Guns Golf. Shop all Team Sports Baseball & Softball Football. Shop all Exercise & Fitness Boxing Mixed Martial Arts. Shop all Exercise Machines Treadmills Bikes Ellipticals Home Gyms. Shop all Strength and Weight Training Fitness Accessories Ab & Core Toners. Shop All Auto Tires Batteries & Accessories Diagnostic Tools Auto Paint & Accessories Auto Interior Auto Exterior Windshield Wipers Motorcycles & ATVs RV Parts & Accessories Auto Detailing & Car Care Auto Services. Shop all Oils & Fluids Motor Oil Antifreeze & Coolants Transmission, Brake, & Steering Fluids. Shop all Automotive Tools & Equipment Car Battery Chargers & Accessories. Shop all Auto Electronics Car DVD & Video Car Stereos Car Speakers & Subwoofers Power Inverters Dash Cams. Shop all Auto Body Repair Auto Repair Tools. Shop all Auto Replacement Parts Oil Filters Engine Air Filters Spark Plugs Brake Parts. Shop all Photo Center Available Same Day Blankets Calendars Canvas & Wall Art Cards & Invitations Home Decor & Gifts Jewelry & Clothing Mugs Office Phone Cases Photo Books Pillows Posters Prints. Shop all Personalized Shop Easter Rollbacks & Clearance Wedding Invitations Wedding Sweepstakes Graduation Home Decor Clothing & Accessories Bedding & Bath Kitchen & Dining Kids Character Shop. Shop all Personalized Jewelry Rings Necklaces Class Rings. Shop all Gift Cards Mail a Gift Card Email a Gift Card Specialty Gift Cards Check Card Balances Corporate Gift Card Program. Shop all Gift Registry Baby Registry Wedding Registry Lists. Craft Tips & Ideas Costumes & Dress Up Party Ideas & Recipes Christmas Decor Savings Birthday Shop Wedding Shop Valentine's Day Plush. Shop all Arts, Crafts & Sewing Art & Drawing Supplies Beading & Jewelry Crafting Die Cutting Machines Sewing Fabric Scrapbooking Supplies Artificial Plants & Flowers Knitting & Crochet Yarn Craft Furniture & Storage. Shop all Party & Occasions Baking & Pastry Supplies Balloons Cards & Invitations Disposable Tableware Giftwrap & Supplies Party Decorations Party Favors Pinatas. Shop all Party Themes Themed Party Sets Anniversary Baby Shower Halloween Christmas Decor. Stretch your tax refund FREE Grocery Pickup Electronics & Office Movies, Music & Books Home, Furniture & Appliances Home Improvement & Patio Clothing, Shoes & Jewelry Baby & Toddler Toys & Video Games Food, Household & Pets Pharmacy, Health & Beauty Sports, Fitness & Outdoors Auto & Tires Photo & Personalized Shop Sewing, Crafts & Party Supplies See All Departments. Baby Registry Wedding Registry Classroom Supplies. TV & Video TVs DVD & Blu-ray Players Home Audio & Theater TV Accessories. Cell Phones Straight Talk Phones Unlocked Phones Contract Phones No-Contract Phones Prepaid Minutes & Data Cases & Accessories. iPad & Tablets iPad Windows Tablets Android Tablets Accessories. Computers Laptops Desktops PC Gaming Printers & Supplies Networking Software Monitors Accessories. Portable Audio iPod & MP3 Players Headphones Speakers & Docks. Office Supplies Office Electronics School Supplies. Movies & TV 2-Day Shipping Action & Adventure Blu-ray Discs Boxed Sets Children & Family Instawatch Movie DVDs New Releases Preorders TV Shows. Music 2-Day Shipping Music Gift Cards Country Music Soundtracks Vinyl New Releases Pop R&B / Soul Rock Top 100 CDs. Books Deals in books Preorders New Releases Biographies & Memoirs Children's Books Christian Books & Bibles Cookbooks, Food & Wine Comics & Graphic Novels Crafts & Hobbies Humor Literature & Fiction Health and Wellness Teen & Young Adult. Shop By Room Living Room Bedroom Bathroom Dining Room Kitchen Kids' Room Teens' Room Patio Entryway Office. Shop By Category Appliances Bath Bedding Furniture Home Decor Kids’ Bedding Kids’ Furniture Kitchen & Dining Lighting Mattresses Patio & Garden Rugs Storage & Organization Vacuums & Floor Care Window Coverings. Brand Shops KitchenAid Better Homes and Gardens The Pioneer Woman Mainstays. Specialty Shops Home Gift Guide Back to College Shop by Style. Industrial & Scientific Janitorial & Sanitation Supplies Food Service Equipment. Heating & Cooling Heaters Fireplaces Stoves. Paint Interior & Exterior Paint Ladders. Patio & Garden Patio Furniture Patio & Outdoor Decor Sheds & Outdoor Storage Outdoor Shade Grills & Outdoor Cooking Outdoor Heating Swimming Pools Hot Tubs & Saunas. Garden Center Outdoor Power Equipment Landscaping Pots & Planters. Women's Women's Plus Juniors' Maternity Women's Shoes. Jewelry Wedding & Engagement Watches Fine Jewelry Fashion Jewelry Personalized Jewelry. Men's Men's Big & Tall Young Men's Men's Shoes Men's Jewelry. Baby & Toddlers' Baby Girl Baby Boy Toddler Girl Toddler Boy Baby & Kids' Shoes. Diapering & Potty Diapers Wipes Diaper Bags. Feeding Breast Feeding Bottle Feeding Baby Formula Baby Food Toddler Feeding Bibs & Burp Cloths. Nursery & Décor Cribs Furniture Bedding Décor. Play & Travel Gear Playstations & Walkers Playards Swings Carriers & Wraps Baby & Toddler Toys. Health & Safety Bath Baby Gates Baby Monitors Baby Care. Toys Action Figures Dolls & Dollhouses Cars, Drones & RC LEGO & Building Sets Pretend Play Arts & Crafts Electronics for Kids Learning Toys Nerf & Blasters Stuffed Animals & Plush Games & Puzzles. Bikes & Ride-Ons Kids' Bikes Ride-On Toys Hoverboards. Shop by Age Preschool 5-7 8-11 12+. Video Games Virtual Reality New Releases PlayStation 4 Xbox One Nintendo Switch Accessories Digital Gaming Nintendo 3DS / 2DS Nintendo Wii U / Wii PlayStation VR Preorders Used Games. Shop All Food Coffee Beverages Snacks & Cookies Breakfast & Cereal Meals Condiments Pasta Candy & Gum Soups Canned Goods Emergency Food Baking Center International Food. Household Essentials Laundry Room Kitchen Bathroom Paper & Plastic Cleaning Supplies Air Fresheners Batteries Pest Control As Seen On TV Light Bulbs. Meal Kits & Specialty Food Boxes. Shop All Pets Cats Dogs Fish Small Animals Birds Equine Reptiles. Clearance & Rollbacks Food Household Essentials Pets. Beauty Makeup Skin Care Fragrances Beauty Tools Hair Care Premium Beauty. Brands We Love Flower Culturelle OralB Braun ReliOn. Oral Care Electric Toothbrushes Water Flossers. Bath & Body Lotions Body Wash. Vision Center Prescription Eyewear Contact Lenses. Health Medicine Cabinet Cold, Cough and Flu Digestive Health Home Health Care Diabetes Management. Wellness Supplements Protein & Fitness Weight Management Aromatherapy. Camping Tents Airbeds Canopies & Shelters. Fishing Rod & Reel Combos. Boats & Water Sports Canoes, Kayaks & Boats. Recreation Bikes Lawn Games Air Soft Air Guns Golf. Team Sports Baseball & Softball Football. Exercise & Fitness Boxing Mixed Martial Arts. Exercise Machines Treadmills Bikes Ellipticals Home Gyms. Strength and Weight Training Fitness Accessories Ab & Core Toners. Oils & Fluids Motor Oil Antifreeze & Coolants Transmission, Brake, & Steering Fluids. Automotive Tools & Equipment Car Battery Chargers & Accessories. Auto Electronics Car DVD & Video Car Stereos Car Speakers & Subwoofers Power Inverters Dash Cams. Auto Body Repair Auto Repair Tools. Auto Replacement Parts Oil Filters Engine Air Filters Spark Plugs Brake Parts. Photo Center Available Same Day Blankets Calendars Canvas & Wall Art Cards & Invitations Home Decor & Gifts Jewelry & Clothing Mugs Office Phone Cases Photo Books Pillows Posters Prints. Personalized Shop Easter Rollbacks & Clearance Wedding Invitations Wedding Sweepstakes Graduation Home Decor Clothing & Accessories Bedding & Bath Kitchen & Dining Kids Character Shop. Personalized Jewelry Rings Necklaces Class Rings. Gift Cards Mail a Gift Card Email a Gift Card Specialty Gift Cards Check Card Balances Corporate Gift Card Program. Gift Registry Baby Registry Wedding Registry Lists. Arts, Crafts & Sewing Art & Drawing Supplies Beading & Jewelry Crafting Die Cutting Machines Sewing Fabric Scrapbooking Supplies Artificial Plants & Flowers Knitting & Crochet Yarn Craft Furniture & Storage. Party & Occasions Baking & Pastry Supplies Balloons Cards & Invitations Disposable Tableware Giftwrap & Supplies Party Decorations Party Favors Pinatas. Party Themes Themed Party Sets Anniversary Baby Shower Halloween Christmas Decor. All Departments Auto & Tires Baby Beauty Books Cell Phones Clothing Electronics Food. Gifts & Registry Health Home Home Improvement Household Essentials Jewelry Movies Music Office. Party & Occasions Patio & Garden Pets Pharmacy Photo Center Sports & Outdoors Toys Video Games. FREE Grocery Pickup FREE 2-Day Shipping Shop smart with our app Get your flu shot today Stretch your tax refund. FREE Grocery Pickup FREE 2-Day Shipping Shop smart with our app Get your flu shot today Stretch your tax refund. Pickup Today Grocery Pickup Weekly Ads Credit Card Track Order. BLU R2 LTE R0170WW 16GB Unlocked GSM 4G LTE Phone w/ 13MP Camera - Silver. Average rating: out of 5 stars, based on reviews Write a review ratings. This button opens a dialog that displays additional images for this product with the option to zoom in or out.. Tell us if something is incorrect. 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12. Tell us if something is incorrect. Get specific details about this product from customers who own it.. Be the first to review this item!. Average rating: 0 out of 5 stars, based on reviews. See any care plans, options and policies that may be associated with this product.. Electrode, Comp-276501138, DC-prod-dfw8, ENV-prod-a, PROF-PROD, VER-21.17.3-rc-1, SHA-c37438843926f3cccffc1b3ed5e62a5a7012bec8, CID-. Help Feedback MoneyCenter Privacy & Security CA Privacy Rights Terms of Use. See All Services Walmart MoneyCenter Walmart Credit Card Product Care Plans Walmart Pay. About Walmart.com Corporate Suppliers Sell on Walmart.com Careers @WalmartLabs The Walmart Digital Museum. Terms of Use About Our Ads Affiliate Program CA Privacy Rights Privacy & Security. Returns Policy Product Recalls Int’l Customers Tax Exempt Program Contact Us Feedback Store Pickup. Electronics Toys Video Games Home Products Clothing Sports & Outdoors Baby Products. 
Disclaimer: If you click a merchant link and buy a product or service on their website, we may be paid a fee by the merchant.. Adata Ultimate SU650 3D NAND 2.5" 480GB SSD $98.17. GoPro HERO6 Black 4K@60FPS WiFi Action Camera $349. Nintendo Switch Gaming Console w/ Neon Joy-Con $280.07. Amazon Deal of the Day: Up to 25% off select Thermos products. Amazon Deal of the Day: Up to 30% on select Baby Products. TurboTax Deluxe 2017 State & Federal + eFile Tax Software + Bonus Quicken $45 [Premier $65]. Zinus Memory Foam 12" Green Tea: Queen for $189. Amazon Fire 4K TV Included w/ Prepaid 1 Month of DIRECTV NOW from $35/mo. Up to 80% off Electronics Clippable Coupons. Extra $100 off Select Smartphones (Apple iPhone X, Google Pixel, Galaxy S8+ & More). 30% off ThinkPad X-series & T-series Laptops, 25% off most other ThinkPads. Up to 55% off Laptops, Desktops, and More Presidents Day Sale Extended. Buy One, Get One Smartphones Presidents Day Sale. Extra $50 off select PCs $699.99+. Up to an Extra 18% off select Business Class PCs + Extra 15% off Monitors. Save 35% off select Business Class Latitude, OptiPlex and Precision PCs. BLU R2 5.2" 32GB 4G LTE GSM Unlocked Smartphone $135. BLU R2 5.2" 32GB 4G LTE GSM Unlocked Smartphone $135. — Neal. HD display with IPS technology and. Metal design with fingerprint scanner w/ curved glass. 32GB + expandable w/ Micro SD up to 64GB. Unlocked Dual SIM smartphone; Android 7.0 nougat. Mediatek 1.3GHz Quad core processor +. 13MP rear camera + 13MP selfie front camera. BLU R2 5.2" 32GB 4G LTE GSM Unlocked Smartphone for a low $ 134.99 Free Shipping. This is normally $150 so you save 14% off.. Essential Phone 128GB Unlocked Smartphone $450 [w/ 360 Camera + Case $500]. Razer 64GB 5.7" 2560x1440 120Hz UltraMotion Smartphone w/ 8GB RAM & Stereo Speakers $700. Verizon Wireless President's Day Sale: $100 off iPhone X, Up to $300 Google Pixel 2, Galaxy S8, more. T-Mobile President's Day Sale: Buy One, Get a Second Free on Select LG Phones. Apple iPhone 6 16GB Unlocked Phone (Refurb) + Cable + $10 GC $160. Straight Talk Weekly Deals - Unlimited Data for $55 + 20% off w/ Airtime. Sprint President's Day Sale: FREE Unlimited Data, Talk, and Text for a Year w/ Switch. Google Pixel XL 128GB Unlocked Smartphone (Black) $579.99. ATT Wireless President's Day Sale: BOGO Free Samsung Galaxy S8 or Apple iPhone 8. Freedompop - 1000min, 1000 Texts, 1GB/mo w/ SIM Kit for $49.99/year. 100% FREE FreedomPop Talk, Text & Data + 1GB Bonus w/ $0.01 Sim. Motorola Moto G Plus 5th Gen 5.2" 64GB Unlocked Smartphone w/ 4GB RAM $219.99. Honor 7X 32GB Dual Camera GSM Unlocked Smartphone $200. Motorola Moto Z 5.5" 64GB 4G LTE GSM Unlocked Smartphone $319.95. LG G6+ 128GB Quad-Core 5.7" 2560x1440 Unlocked Smartphone $469.99. FreedomPop 1 Month Talk, Text, & 2GB Data Trial + Bonus 500MB w/ Huawei Union 4G LTE Smartphone $30. FreedomPop FREE 1-Month Trial of Unlimited Talk, Text, 2GB Data & 500MB Bonus + LG Tribute 2 $20. LG V30 6" AMOLED QHD Unlocked GSM + CDMA Smartphone $675. Apple Markdowns on Refurb Apple iPhone 7 & 7 Plus 4G LTE Unlocked Smartphones from $499. Net10 Wireless Deals - 20% off Phone Bundles. If you click a merchant link and buy a product or service on their website, we may be paid a fee by the merchant.. Techbargains.com is among the federally registered trademarks of Ziff Davis, LLC and may not be used by third parties without explicit written permission.. © Copyright 1996 - 2018 Ziff Davis, LLC.. 
FREE SHIPPING TO THE UNITED STATES. Home // Shop By Category // Cell Phones // BLU // BLU R2. Skinomi.com provides BLU R2 accessories and protective solutions. Our arsenal of protective films offer a durable alternative to bulky BLU R2 hard cases. These films include BLU R2 Screen Protectors and BLU R2 Skin Protectors. TechSkin is the best solution for maximum scratch protection for your device. It is the toughest scratch protection film in the world made of the same material used to protect luxury cars, military aircrafts and NASA space shuttles. TechSkin has the ability to resist some of the highest level of abrasion combined with "self healing" capabilities. This advancement in protection technology will keep your BLU R2 looking new and stunning. Skinomi prides itself as a provider of top quality products that entail impeccable customer service. We are committed to exceed our customers' expectations with our product innovation, fast order processing, and unrivaled support. Through constant research and development, our team is dedicated in bringing you the best BLU R2 Screen Protector and BLU R2 Skin Protector in the market.. itemId=sk31468-r2-phone-screen-protector|~|priceRange=1|~|color=|~|size=|~|orderable=T|~|call-to-order=|~|call-for-price=|~|hasOptions=F|~|isOrganic=F|~|isNew=F|~|bestseller=|~|name=BLU R2 TechSkin Screen Protector|~|brand=|~|rating=0|~|ratingCount=0|~|price=7.85|~|priceReg=7.85|~|priceSale=|~|image=https://sep.yimg.com/ay/yhst-38148694942392/blu-r2-techskin-screen-protector-37.gif BLU R2 TechSkin Screen Protector. itemId=sk31469-r2-phone-skin-protector|~|priceRange=1|~|color=|~|size=|~|orderable=T|~|call-to-order=|~|call-for-price=|~|hasOptions=F|~|isOrganic=F|~|isNew=F|~|bestseller=|~|name=BLU R2 TechSkin Full Body Skin Protector|~|brand=|~|rating=0|~|ratingCount=0|~|price=15.95|~|priceReg=15.95|~|priceSale=|~|image=https://sep.yimg.com/ay/yhst-38148694942392/blu-r2-techskin-full-body-skin-protector-41.gif BLU R2 TechSkin Full Body Skin Protector. itemId=sk31470-r2-phone-black-carbon-protector|~|priceRange=1|~|color=|~|size=|~|orderable=T|~|call-to-order=|~|call-for-price=|~|hasOptions=F|~|isOrganic=F|~|isNew=F|~|bestseller=|~|name=BLU R2 TechSkin Black Carbon Fiber Skin|~|brand=|~|rating=0|~|ratingCount=0|~|price=15.95|~|priceReg=15.95|~|priceSale=|~|image=https://sep.yimg.com/ay/yhst-38148694942392/blu-r2-techskin-black-carbon-fiber-skin-41.gif BLU R2 TechSkin Black Carbon Fiber Skin. itemId=sk31471-r2-phone-silver-carbon-protector|~|priceRange=1|~|color=|~|size=|~|orderable=T|~|call-to-order=|~|call-for-price=|~|hasOptions=F|~|isOrganic=F|~|isNew=F|~|bestseller=|~|name=BLU R2 TechSkin Silver Carbon Fiber Skin|~|brand=|~|rating=0|~|ratingCount=0|~|price=15.95|~|priceReg=15.95|~|priceSale=|~|image=https://sep.yimg.com/ay/yhst-38148694942392/blu-r2-techskin-silver-carbon-fiber-skin-41.gif BLU R2 TechSkin Silver Carbon Fiber Skin. itemId=sk31472-r2-phone-gold-carbon-protector|~|priceRange=1|~|color=|~|size=|~|orderable=T|~|call-to-order=|~|call-for-price=|~|hasOptions=F|~|isOrganic=F|~|isNew=F|~|bestseller=|~|name=BLU R2 TechSkin Gold Carbon Fiber Skin|~|brand=|~|rating=0|~|ratingCount=0|~|price=15.95|~|priceReg=15.95|~|priceSale=|~|image=https://sep.yimg.com/ay/yhst-38148694942392/blu-r2-techskin-gold-carbon-fiber-skin-41.gif BLU R2 TechSkin Gold Carbon Fiber Skin. itemId=sk31473-r2-phone-pink-carbon-protector|~|priceRange=1|~|color=|~|size=|~|orderable=T|~|call-to-order=|~|call-for-price=|~|hasOptions=F|~|isOrganic=F|~|isNew=F|~|bestseller=|~|name=BLU R2 TechSkin Pink Carbon Fiber Skin|~|brand=|~|rating=0|~|ratingCount=0|~|price=15.95|~|priceReg=15.95|~|priceSale=|~|image=https://sep.yimg.com/ay/yhst-38148694942392/blu-r2-techskin-pink-carbon-fiber-skin-41.gif BLU R2 TechSkin Pink Carbon Fiber Skin. itemId=sk31474-r2-phone-dark-wood-protector|~|priceRange=1|~|color=|~|size=|~|orderable=T|~|call-to-order=|~|call-for-price=|~|hasOptions=F|~|isOrganic=F|~|isNew=F|~|bestseller=|~|name=BLU R2 TechSkin Dark Wood Skin|~|brand=|~|rating=0|~|ratingCount=0|~|price=15.95|~|priceReg=15.95|~|priceSale=|~|image=https://sep.yimg.com/ay/yhst-38148694942392/blu-r2-techskin-dark-wood-skin-41.gif BLU R2 TechSkin Dark Wood Skin. itemId=sk31475-r2-phone-light-wood-protector|~|priceRange=1|~|color=|~|size=|~|orderable=T|~|call-to-order=|~|call-for-price=|~|hasOptions=F|~|isOrganic=F|~|isNew=F|~|bestseller=|~|name=BLU R2 TechSkin Light Wood Skin|~|brand=|~|rating=0|~|ratingCount=0|~|price=15.95|~|priceReg=15.95|~|priceSale=|~|image=https://sep.yimg.com/ay/yhst-38148694942392/blu-r2-techskin-light-wood-skin-41.gif BLU R2 TechSkin Light Wood Skin. itemId=sk31476-r2-phone-brushed-steel-protector|~|priceRange=1|~|color=|~|size=|~|orderable=T|~|call-to-order=|~|call-for-price=|~|hasOptions=F|~|isOrganic=F|~|isNew=F|~|bestseller=|~|name=BLU R2 TechSkin Brushed Steel Skin|~|brand=|~|rating=0|~|ratingCount=0|~|price=15.95|~|priceReg=15.95|~|priceSale=|~|image=https://sep.yimg.com/ay/yhst-38148694942392/blu-r2-techskin-brushed-steel-skin-41.gif BLU R2 TechSkin Brushed Steel Skin. itemId=sk31477-r2-phone-brushed-aluminum-protector|~|priceRange=1|~|color=|~|size=|~|orderable=T|~|call-to-order=|~|call-for-price=|~|hasOptions=F|~|isOrganic=F|~|isNew=F|~|bestseller=|~|name=BLU R2 TechSkin Brushed Aluminum Skin|~|brand=|~|rating=0|~|ratingCount=0|~|price=15.95|~|priceReg=15.95|~|priceSale=|~|image=https://sep.yimg.com/ay/yhst-38148694942392/blu-r2-techskin-brushed-aluminum-skin-41.gif BLU R2 TechSkin Brushed Aluminum Skin. itemId=sk31468-matte-r2-phone-screen-protector|~|priceRange=1|~|color=|~|size=|~|orderable=T|~|call-to-order=|~|call-for-price=|~|hasOptions=F|~|isOrganic=F|~|isNew=F|~|bestseller=|~|name=BLU R2 MatteSkin Screen Protector|~|brand=|~|rating=0|~|ratingCount=0|~|price=7.85|~|priceReg=7.85|~|priceSale=|~|image=https://sep.yimg.com/ay/yhst-38148694942392/blu-r2-matteskin-screen-protector-37.gif BLU R2 MatteSkin Screen Protector. itemId=sk31469-matte-r2-phone-skin-protector|~|priceRange=1|~|color=|~|size=|~|orderable=T|~|call-to-order=|~|call-for-price=|~|hasOptions=F|~|isOrganic=F|~|isNew=F|~|bestseller=|~|name=BLU R2 MatteSkin Full Body Skin Protector|~|brand=|~|rating=0|~|ratingCount=0|~|price=15.95|~|priceReg=15.95|~|priceSale=|~|image=https://sep.yimg.com/ay/yhst-38148694942392/blu-r2-matteskin-full-body-skin-protector-41.gif BLU R2 MatteSkin Full Body Skin Protector. Our Latest Designs: Nokia Lumia 635/630 , LG G2 Mini , Samsung Gear Live , LG G Watch , Pantech Vybe , Alacatel OneTouch POP 7 , Samsung Galaxy Tab S 10.5 , Samsung Galaxy Tab S 8.4 , OnePlus One , Microsoft Surface Pro 3 , Kyocera Hydro Icon. Cell Phones Tablets & E-Readers MP3 Players Gaming Devices Wrist Watches Digital Cameras GPS Laptops Mice & Keyboards Miscellaneous Devices Carbon Fiber Skins Natural Wood Skins Brushed Metal Skins TECH GLASS iPhone X Google Pixel 2 Google Pixel 2 XL Galaxy S8 Plus (S8+) Galaxy S8 Fire 7 (2017, Kids Edition Compatible) Nintendo Switch ZTE Quartz (SmartWatch) HTC U11 Fitbit Blaze LG G6 Apple iPhone 7 Plus Fitbit Charge 2 Garmin Vivoactive HR iPad Pro 12.9 (2017) Fitbit Alta HR Apple iPad (9.7",2017) Samsung Gear S3 Frontier (SM-R760,46mm) LG V20 Samsung Galaxy S7 Blackberry KEYone BlackBerry DTEK50 Apple Watch 42mm Series 2 Apple Watch Series 2 38mm OnePlus 5 Galaxy J7 (2017, US Version) Moto Z2 Play Samsung Galaxy J5 (2017) Huawei Watch 2 Sport Garmin Fenix 5x. Please Select Acer Aiptek Airo Wireless Altek Amazon Alcatel Apple Archos Arnova Asus Audiovox Barnes And Noble BenQ Siemens BlackBerry Canon Casio Cisco Creative Cricket Danger Hiptop Dell DigiLife D-Link DoCoMo Epson Eten Flip Fujifilm Garmin GE General Mobile Gigabyte Gigaware Glofiish Handspring Hasselblad Helio HP HTC Huawei iFOE i-Mate INQ JVC Kobo Kodak Konica Kyocera Latte Leica Lenovo LG Magellan Microsoft Mio Motorola MSI Nikon Nintendo Nokia O2 Olympus Openmoko Orange Palm Panasonic PanDigital Pantech Pentax Pocket PC Polaroid Qwest Ricoh Samsung Sanyo Saygus Sealife Sharp Siemens SK Telesys Sky Slacker Sony Sony Ericsson Terrestar Toshiba UTStarcom Velocity Micro Vertu Verzo ViewBook ViewSonic Vizio Uncategorized ZTE. Join Our Mailing List & Stay Up-to-Date. Get Exclusive Offers & New Product Updates.. Website design by Solid Cactus. 
Ver todos los videos en YouTube. El BLU R2 posee una pantalla HD de 5.2 pulgadas, procesador quad-core a 1.3GHz con 1GB de RAM y 8GB de almacenamiento interno, cámara principal y frontal de 8 MP, en ambos casos con flash LED dual, lector de huellas, y batería de 3000 mAh.. Android 7.0 es el sistema operativo del BLU R2. , que en cuanto a dimensiones tiene un perfil de 9.6 mm. y un peso de 156 g.. En cuanto a sus características técnicas , el BLU R2 tiene una pantalla de 5.2" con una resolución de 720 x 1280 pixels.. Dentro del BLU R2 encontramos un procesador Mediatek MT6580 1.3GHz, acompañado de 1GB de memoria RAM.. También cuenta con 8GB de almacenamiento. y la memoria interna puede ser ampliada vía microSD. La cámara trasera del BLU R2 tiene una resolución de 8 MP. , y la energía es provista por una batería de 3000 mAh. .El BLU R2 también tiene Radio FM. Pantalla 5.2", 720 x 1280 pixels Procesador Mediatek MT6580 1.3GHz 1GB RAM. 8GB, microSD Cámara: 8 MP. OS: Android 7.0 Perfil: 9.6 mm Peso: 156 g. Reviews de usuarios del BLU R2. No hay experiencias de usuarios del BLU R2. Poca memoria RAM (1GB) Baja densidad de pixels (282ppi). - GSM 850 / 900 / 1800 / 1900 (SIM 1 & SIM 2) - HSDPA 850 / 900 / 1700(AWS) / 1900 / 2100. 150.3 x 74.3 x 9.6 mm. LCD IPS touchscreen capacitivo, 16M colores. 720 x 1280 pixels, 5.2 pulgadas. - Sensor acelerómetro para auto rotación. - Conector de audio 3.5 mm. Entradas y campos prácticamente ilimitados, Foto de llamada. - 1GB RAM, 8GB almacenamiento interno. - Procesador Mediatek MT6580 quad-core 1.3GHz, GPU Mali-400. SMS, MMS, Email, Push Mail, IM. 8 MP, f/2.0, flash LED dual, geo-tagging, foco táctil, detección de rostro y sonrisa, video 1080p@30fps, cámara frontal 8 MP, flash LED dual. - GPS con soporte A-GPS y GLONASS. - Wi-Fi 802.11 b/g/n; Wi-Fi Direct. - 3G HSDPA 42Mbps / HSUPA 11Mbps. Hasta 725 h (2G) / Hasta 625 h (3G). Hasta 26 h (2G) / Hasta 16 h (3G). No hay opiniones para el BLU R2. Sé el primero en dejar una opinión sobre el BLU R2 .. Tu experiencia o preguntas sobre el BLU R2. - Sé preciso en la pregunta sobre el BLU R2. - Cuenta tus experiencias positivas y negativas. - No insultes, ni uses palabras groseras, si es así probablemente tu opinión se elimine. - Recuerda que smartGSM NO vende móviles ni celulares. Tu opinión vale! Recomienda (o no!) al BLU R2 a otros usuarios. Sony presenta dos nuevos flagships con nuevo lenguaje de diseño: los esperados Sony Xperia XZ2 y Xperia XZ2 Compact. Una alternativa más confiable para desbloquear la pantalla del Samsung Galaxy S9/S9+: Intelligent Scan. Dos propuestas de mediana a baja gama de ZTE: Blade V9 y Blade V9 VITA, dos modelos con ligeras diferencias. Podría ocurrir que se repitan en otro lado, pero las cámaras del Samsung Galaxy S9/S9+ son algo único. Presentación oficial: el Samsung Galaxy S9/S9+ no viene con muchas sorpresas, pero igualmente deslumbra. SmartGSM es una de las comunidades de habla hispana más grandes sobre teléfonos celulares. Fundado en el 2004, smartGSM cubre todas las noticias y novedades sobre telefonía móvil y provee características de teléfonos celulares, smartphones, tablets y wearables. smartGSM cuenta con una comunidad de usuarios que reflejan sus experiencias, opiniones y críticas sobre teléfonos celulares y tablets.. Las especificaciones de los celulares son a título informativo y pueden variar. smartGSM no se responsabiliza del uso de las mismas.. Copyright © 2004 - 2018 smart-gsm.com. 
150.3 x 74.3 x 9.6 mm. Android OS v7.0 ( Nougat ). 13 MP 4160 x 3120 px autofocus. 850 / 900 / 1800 / 1900. DroidChart.com / Smartphones / BLU / BLU R2 LTE (2017). 5.2 inches 720 x 1280 px. The detailed specifications, photos and introductory video of the BLU R2 LTE (R2LTE). The list of the competitors most often compared to the BLU R2 LTE smartphone.. The BLU R2 LTE (R2LTE) smartphone released in 2017. It is powered by Mediatek MT6737 chipset, 2 GB of RAM and 16 GB of internal storage.. The BLU R2 LTE runs on Android OS v7.0 (Nougat) out of the box. It comes with a Li-Po 3000 mAh, non-removable battery. It features a 5.2 inches IPS display with 720 x 1280 px resolution. The IPS technology is one of the most leading LCD technologies in the world.. The BLU R2 LTE runs on Android OS v7.0 (Nougat) out of the box, but the R2 LTE's firmware can be upgraded to a newer version of OS.. Screen size is measured in inches, diagonally from corner to corner. The 5.2 inches IPS capacitive touch screen with 720 x 1280 px resolution is multitouch capable.. The smartphone's memory (2 GB) cannot be expanded, but the storage (16 GB) can be expanded with a microSD card.. The camera of the BLU R2 LTE is equipped with autofocus. Autofocus is a camera feature that fine-tunes the focus of the camera, it is a nice feature of this smartphone.. R2 LTE is 3G and 4G capable. This smartphone has a built-in GPS receiver. GPS is a satellite based navigation system that allows the determination of the exact geographical location on Earth. This BLU smartphone has FM radio receiver.. The Li-Po 3000 mAh, non-removable battery gives the smartphone a good battery backup.. The smartphone sensors measure physical quantities and transmit them to the application processor. The phones's accelerometer is a built-in electronic component that measures tilt and motion. A fingerprint sensor is one of the easiest and most secure ways to protect your smartphone. The proximity sensor detects when a user is holding the phone near their face during a call and turns off the display to prevent keypad presses and battery consumption from the display. The R2 LTE has Dual SIM capability, which means that you can insert two different SIM cards and use them both from one phone.. Compare BLU R2 LTE to other smartphones. The specifications above are based on the official data published by the manufacturer, but we also take user reviews into consideration. If you found an error or something lacking in the specifications above for the BLU R2 LTE, then don’t hesitate and signal the problem to us.. According to our statistics, the BLU R2 LTE smartphone was most often compared on our site with the following smartphones.. Compare BLU R2 LTE to other smartphones. If there’s information about the BLU R2 LTE that you would like to see on this site, then write to our webmaster@droidchart.com address.. 
Select the department you want to search in. Sign in Your Account Try Prime Wish List Cart. Your Store Deals Store Gift Cards Sell Help. Cell Phones & Accessories Electronics Best Sellers Cases & Covers Chargers Accessories. Unlocked Cell Phones No Contract Cell Phones Deals. 1-Click ordering is not available for this item.. BLU R2 - 4G LTE Unlocked Smartphone - 16GB + 2GB RAM -Black. Ships from and sold by Amazon.ca.. R2 - 16 + 2 (4G LTE). R2 - 16 + 2 (4G LTE). R2 - 32 + 3 (4G LTE). 5.2 inch HD curved glass display; metal design with fingerprint scanner. 13MP Main Camera with flash + 13MP front Camera with flash. 16GB Internal memory 2GB RAM Micro SD up to 64GB, 1.3GHz Quad core 64 bit Mediatek processor with Mali-T720 GPU. 4G LTE, (1/2/3/4/7/12/17/28Ab), 4G HSPA+ (850/1700/1900/2100). GSM Quad band: US compatibility Nationwide on all GSM Networks including AT&T, T-Mobile, Cricket, MetroPCS, Straight Talk, and others. Purchase any qualifying 2017 BLU Smartphone for your chance to win a trip of a lifetime! See below for more details. This item: BLU R2 - 4G LTE Unlocked Smartphone - 16GB + 2GB RAM -Black CDN$ 124.99. Ships from and sold by Amazon.ca.. SanDisk Ultra 32GB microSDHC UHS-I card with Adapter - 98MB/s U1 A1 - SDSQUAR-032G-GN6MA CDN$ 18.67. Ships from and sold by Amazon.ca.. FREE Shipping on orders over CDN$ 35. Style: R2 - 16 + 2 (4G LTE). Product Dimensions 15 x 0.8 x 7.4 cm. Batteries: 1 Lithium ion batteries required. Whats in the box Device, Charger, quick Guide, USB Cable. Electronics > Cell Phones & Accessories > Unlocked Cell Phones & Smartphones. Date First Available July 20 2017. Would you like to tell us about a lower price ?. This shopping feature will continue to load items. In order to navigate out of this carousel, please use your heading shortcut key to navigate to the next or previous heading.. Customers who viewed this item also viewed. Page 1 of 1 Start over Page 1 of 1. BLU R1 Plus, Smartphone 32GB + 3GB RAM -Black. BLU Advance 5.2 - Unlocked Smartphone - 5.2" Display, 8GB +1GB RAM -Black. 5 offers from CDN$ 113.04. BLU Energy X 2-Factory Unlocked Phone, Retail Packaging, Black (Canada Compatible). BLU Advance A5 Plus LTE - 5.5" 4G LTE -GSM Unlocked Smartphone -Black. 3 offers from CDN$ 151.91. BLU VIVO XL2 - 5.5" 4G LTE GSM Unlocked Smartphone - 32GB+3GB RAM -Blue. BLU VIVO 8L - 5.3" 4G LTE Smartphone -32GB + 3GB RAM –Black. Find answers in product info, Q&As, reviews. Please make sure that you've entered a valid question. You can edit your question or post anyway.. Don't see what you're looking for?. There was a problem completing your request. Please try your search again later.. Style: R2 - 16 + 2 (4G LTE). The BLU R2 design incorporates premium metal for an incredible look and hand held experience. Curved glass form a super smooth front display that is aesthetically superior. Diamond cut polished chamfer edge on the camera and fingerprint sensor provide top grade details that set the R2 apart from its competitors. Available in Gold, Silver, Rose Gold, and Black.. This shopping feature will continue to load items. In order to navigate out of this carousel, please use your heading shortcut key to navigate to the next or previous heading.. Customers who bought this item also bought. Page 1 of 1 Start over Page 1 of 1. SanDisk Ultra 32GB microSDHC UHS-I card with Adapter - 98MB/s U1 A1 - SDSQUAR-032G-GN6MA. BLU S0270UU GOLD Studio XL 2, 6.0" 4G LTE GSM Unlocked Smartphone, Gold. 5 star 50% 4 star 13% 3 star 3 star (0%) 0% 2 star 12% 1 star 25%. Share your thoughts with other customers. There was a problem filtering reviews right now. 2.0 out of 5 stars Poor camera. Style Name: R2 Plus | Colour: Black | Verified Purchase. The second time I purchase a BLU phone. The first one I bought two years ago was excellent, and meets my expectation in every aspect. I don't seem have the same GPS issue with this phone as other user described, and I didn't get to try a a lot with the phone, so I can't speak of the battery, battery standby time seems fine so far though. The deal breaker was the camera. The spec described it's 13 mega, I was expecting an upgrade, however the quality of the picture is even worse than my 8 mega 2 years old BLU phone. I am very upset, and replacing it with another 13 mega BLU model (since 13 mega is the best possible camera option in BLU family), if that one does not work out either, I am afraid I will have to look for another brand.. 0 Comment | Was this review helpful to you?. 1.0 out of 5 stars I was happy using my Blu Studio C Super Camera for 2 .... Style Name: R2 - 16 + 2 (4G LTE) | Colour: Black | Verified Purchase. I was happy using my Blu Studio C Super Camera for 2 years until it is stopped receiving most of the incoming calls. I am with Freedom and in the beginning I thought it is a carrier problem or something need to be adjusted in phone set up but it was the phone hardware itself. I ordered this phone and found the problem still the same which is most of the incoming calls goes straight to voice mail.. Not sure why, but might be incompatibility between Blu phones and Freedom at this time. Moreover, I noticed the screen resolution and response to touch is much lower my 2 years old Studio C Super Camera.. 0 Comment | Was this review helpful to you?. 5.0 out of 5 stars Amazing value for money. Style Name: R2 Plus | Colour: Black | Verified Purchase. Wow, you can't beat this on value for money. Was curious about this and jusy bought to check. I have LG V30 and Samsung S8+. Of course you can't compare this with the flagships, but, this is an amazing value. If you don't want to get into a contract, this would be your choice.. 0 Comment | Was this review helpful to you?. 1.0 out of 5 stars GPS. Style Name: R2 - 16 + 2 (4G LTE) | Colour: Black | Verified Purchase. Cannot use for Android auto, GPS is horrible. If you want using it for Google maps or Waze good luck.. Was this review helpful to you?. 5.0 out of 5 stars Five Stars. Style Name: R2 - 16 + 2 (4G LTE) | Colour: Black | Verified Purchase. 0 Comment | Was this review helpful to you?. 5.0 out of 5 stars Five Stars. Style Name: R2 - 16 + 2 (4G LTE) | Colour: Black | Verified Purchase. Je l'aime beaucoup! Il fonctionne très bien!!. Was this review helpful to you?. 4.0 out of 5 stars great phone for the money. Style Name: R2 - 16 + 2 (4G LTE) | Colour: Black | Verified Purchase. Battery drains a little quickly under heavy use but them so does my $900 iphone.. 0 Comment | Was this review helpful to you?. 5.0 out of 5 stars Soyez sans crainte, c'est un bon téléphone. Style Name: R2 - 16 + 2 (4G LTE) | Colour: Black. Soyez sans crainte, c'est un bon téléphone. Contrairement aux commentaires négatifs sur les photos moi je fais de bonnes photos. En fait il faut savoir faire des photos. L'appareil vous donne plusieurs modes photos, il faut savoir faire le choix approprié. Il ya le mode photo standard et le mode beauty. Pour moi la vitesse est correcte. Je ne sens pas de une réelle différence par rapport aux iphones (4-5s) ou bb z30 que j'utilisais avant. on a aussi un design graphique élégant. Pour le moment c'est un bon téléphone surtout que ça ne coute que 144$!!!. Was this review helpful to you?. Want to see more reviews on this item?. Go to Amazon.com to see all 155 reviews. Unlimited FREE Two-Day Shipping, no minimum threshold and more.. Prime members enjoy Free Two-Day Shipping, Free Same-Day or One-Day Delivery to select areas, Prime Video, Prime Music, and more.. Careers Amazon and Our Planet Investor Relations Press Releases Sell on Amazon Amazon Associates Advertise Your Products Independently Publish with Us Amazon.ca Rewards Visa Cardmembers Shop with Points Credit Card Marketplace Reload Your Balance Amazon Currency Converter Gift Cards Amazon Cash Shipping Rates & Policies Amazon Prime Returns Are Easy Manage your Content and Devices Customer Service. Amazon Music Stream millions of songs. Amazon Web Services Scalable Cloud Computing Services. Book Depository Books With Free Delivery Worldwide. Goodreads Book reviews & recommendations. IMDb Movies, TV & Celebrities. Shopbop Designer Fashion Brands. Warehouse Deals Open-Box Discounts. Whole Foods Market We Believe in Real Food. Conditions of Use Privacy Notice Interest-Based Ads © 2008-2018, Amazon.com, Inc. 
Newegg.com - A great place to buy computers, computer parts, electronics, software, accessories, and DVDs online. With great prices, fast shipping, and top-rated customer service - once you know, you Newegg.. If you are reading this message, Please click this link to reload this page.(Do not use your browser's "Refresh" button). Please email us if you're running the latest version of your browser and you still see this message.. Newegg.com - Computer Parts, Laptops, Electronics, HDTVs, Digital Cameras and More!. TRY NEWEGG PREMIER FOR FREE TODAY!. Free 30-Day Trial when you sign up for a 12-month membership. Free 3-Day-or-sooner expedited shipping on qualifying items.. Add up to four friends to your account so they can enjoy your great Newegg Premier benefits.. Free Returns with No restocking fee. Free shipping on returns and waived restocking fee for qualifying items.. Need quick assistance? Use our private customer service line to help answer any questions or concerns.. Learn More | Sign Up Now. Newegg Mobile Email Deals Daily Deals Marketplace Spotlight Outlet. Shop Exclusive Deals on our Mobile App!. Every week, the Newegg deals team hand-picks intriguing products for you.. Open box, clearance, refurbished and recertified PCs, electronics and more.. STEM Toy & Robot Gift Guide. Are you a startup? Join us.. Search all Computer Systems Components Electronics Gaming Networking Office Solutions Software & Services Automotive & Industrial Home & Tools Health & Sports Apparel & Accessories Hobbies & Toys. CD / DVD / Blu-Ray Media 100007591. DVD, Blu-ray - Movies & TV 100006830. External CD / DVD / Blu-Ray Drives 100007595. Free Shipping for Orders over $25. Items 1-36 of 51. BLU R2 LTE R0170WW 16GB Unlocked GSM 4G LTE Phone w/ 13MP Rear & Front Camera - Rose Gold. Mobile Frequencies: Wi-Fi 802.11 b/g/n, hotspot Main Display Resolution: 720 x 1280 pixels Rear Camera: 13 Megapixel Operating System: Android OS. Model #: R0170WW ROSE GOLD. Return Policy: View Return Policy. BLU R2 3G R010P 8GB Unlocked GSM Android Phone w/ 8 MP Camera - Rose Gold. Operating System: Android Part Number: R010P ROSE GOLD Data transfer: HSPA 21.1/5.76 Mbps Form Factor: Smart Phones. Return Policy: View Return Policy. BLU R2 LTE R0170WW 16GB Unlocked GSM 4G LTE Phone w/ 13MP Camera - Silver. Mobile Frequencies: Wi-Fi 802.11 b/g/n, hotspot Main Display Resolution: 720 x 1280 pixels Rear Camera: 13 Megapixel Operating System: Android v7.0 Nougat. BLU R2 LTE R0171WW 32GB Unlocked GSM 4G LTE Phone w/ 13MP Camera - Black. Mobile Frequencies: Wi-Fi 802.11 b/g/n, hotspot Main Display Resolution: 720 x 1280 pixels Rear Camera: 13 Megapixel Operating System: Android OS. Return Policy: View Return Policy. BLU R2 5.2" Smartphone 8GB GSM Unlocked 8MP Dual SIM Android R010p Black. Operating System: Android Part Number: R010p Black Data transfer: HSPA 21.1/5.76 Mbps Form Factor: Smart Phones. Return Policy: View Return Policy. BLU R2 - 4G LTE Unlocked Smartphone - 16GB + 2GB RAM -Black. Return Policy: View Return Policy. ASRock H81 PRO BTC R2.0 LGA 1150 Intel H81 HDMI SATA 6Gb/s USB 3.0 ATX Intel Motherboard. Memory Standard: DDR3 1600/ 1333/ 1066 Number of Memory Slots: 2×240pin Audio Chipset: Realtek ALC662 Onboard Video Chipset: Supports Intel HD Graphics Built-in Visuals: Intel Quick Sync Video with AVC, MVC (S3D) and MPEG-2 Full HW Encode1, Intel InTru 3D, Intel Clear Video HD Technology, Intel Insider, Intel HD Graphics 4400/4600. Dual Graphics Output: support HDMI and D-Sub ports by independent display controllers. resolution up to 1920x1200 @ 60Hz. resolution up to 1920x1200 @ 60Hz. Supports Auto Lip Sync, Deep Color (12bpc), xvYCC and HBR (High Bit Rate Audio) with HDMI Port (Compliant HDMI monitor is required). Supports Full HD 1080p Blu-ray (BD) playback with HDMI Port. Model #: H81 PRO BTC R2.0. Return Policy: Standard Return Policy. 1-to-3 RGB Splitter Cable by Cooler Master. Type: Cable Splitters Color: Black Specifications: Connector type: 4-pin (12V,G,R,B). Connector withstanding voltage: 300 V (min). Return Policy: Standard Return Policy. ASRock H81TM-ITX R2.0 LGA 1150 Intel H81 HDMI SATA 6Gb/s USB 3.0 Mini ITX Intel Motherboard. Memory Standard: DDR3/DDR3L 1600/1333/1066 Number of Memory Slots: 2×204pin SO-DIMM Audio Chipset: Realtek ALC892 Onboard Video Chipset: Supports Intel HD Graphics Built-in Visuals: Intel Quick Sync Video with AVC, MVC (S3D) and MPEG-2 Full HW Encode1, Intel InTru 3D, Intel Clear Video HD Technology, Intel Insider, Intel HD Graphics 4400/4600. Three graphics output options: HDMI, DVI-I and LVDS**. resolution up to 4K x 2K (4096 x 2304) @ 24Hz. resolution up to 1920 x 1200 @ 60Hz. resolution up to 1920 x 1200 @ 60Hz. Supports Auto Lip Sync, Deep Color (12bpc), xvYCC and HBR (High Bit Rate Audio) with HDMI Port (Compliant HDMI monitor is required). Supports Full HD 1080p Blu-ray (BD) play... Return Policy: Standard Return Policy. Thin mini-ITX, Intel LAN, ASRock Cloud, APP Shop, LVDS. Refurbished: mophie Power Reserve 2.6K (2,600 mAh) 3316B - Blue. Type: Power Bank Compatible Phone Manufacturer: Universal Chemical: Lithium Polymer Dimension: 3.35" x 1.10" x 0.84". Return Policy: View Return Policy. BLU R2 Screen Protector [2-Pack], iLLumiShield Blue Light Screen Protector for BLU R2 HD Shield with Anti-Bubble & Anti-Fingerprint UV-Filter Film. Return Policy: View Return Policy. BLU R2 Plus Screen Protector + Back Cover [2-Pack], ILLUMI AquaShield Full Coverage Back and Front Screen Protector for BLU R2 Plus HD Clear Anti-Bubble Film. Return Policy: View Return Policy. BLU R2 Plus Screen Protector + Full Body , Skinomi? TechSkin Full Coverage Skin + Screen Protector for BLU R2 Plus Front & Back Clear HD Film. Return Policy: View Return Policy. BLU R2 Plus Screen Protector [3-Pack], iLLumiShield Anti-Glare Screen Protector for BLU R2 Plus HD Shield with Anti-Bubble & Anti-Fingerprint Matte Film. Return Policy: View Return Policy. BLU R2 Plus Screen Protector , Skinomi? TechSkin Full Coverage Screen Protector for BLU R2 Plus Clear HD Anti-Bubble Film. Return Policy: View Return Policy. BLU R2 Plus Screen Protector , Skinomi? MatteSkin Full Coverage Screen Protector for BLU R2 Plus Anti-Glare and Bubble-Free Shield. Return Policy: View Return Policy. BLU R2 Screen Protector [2-Pack], ILLUMI AquaShield Full Coverage Screen Protector for BLU R2 HD Clear Anti-Bubble Film. Return Policy: View Return Policy. BLU R2 Plus Screen Protector [2-Pack], ILLUMI AquaShield Full Coverage Screen Protector for BLU R2 Plus HD Clear Anti-Bubble Film. Return Policy: View Return Policy. BLU R2 Screen Protector + Back Cover [2-Pack], ILLUMI AquaShield Full Coverage Back and Front Screen Protector for BLU R2 HD Clear Anti-Bubble Film. Return Policy: View Return Policy. BLU R2 Plus Screen Protector [3-Pack], iLLumiShield Screen Protector for BLU R2 Plus Clear HD Shield with Anti-Bubble & Anti-Fingerprint Film. Return Policy: View Return Policy. BLU R2 Screen Protector [3-Pack], iLLumiShield Screen Protector for BLU R2 Clear HD Shield with Anti-Bubble & Anti-Fingerprint Film. Return Policy: View Return Policy. BLU R2 Plus Screen Protector + Full Body , Skinomi? MatteSkin Full Skin Coverage + Screen Protector for BLU R2 Plus Anti-Glare and Bubble-Free Shield. Return Policy: View Return Policy. BLU R2 Plus Screen Protector [2-Pack], iLLumiShield Blue Light Screen Protector for BLU R2 Plus HD Shield with Anti-Bubble & Anti-Fingerprint UV-Filter Film. Return Policy: View Return Policy. BLU R2 Screen Protector [3-Pack], iLLumiShield Anti-Glare Screen Protector for BLU R2 HD Shield with Anti-Bubble & Anti-Fingerprint Matte Film. Return Policy: View Return Policy. Blu-Ray Player BD-ROM Combo DVDRW Drive CA40N For Dell Alienware X51 X51 R2. Return Policy: View Return Policy. CA40N For Dell Alienware X51 X51 R2 3D Blu-ray Player BD-ROM Combo DVDRW Drive. Return Policy: View Return Policy. Skinomi? TechSkin - BLU R2 Plus Screen Protector + Brushed Steel Full Body Skin / Front & Back Wrap Clear Film / Ultra HD and Anti-Bubble Shield. Return Policy: View Return Policy. Skinomi? TechSkin - BLU R2 Plus Screen Protector + Light Wood Full Body Skin / Front & Back Wrap Clear Film / Ultra HD and Anti-Bubble Shield. Return Policy: View Return Policy. Skinomi? TechSkin - BLU R2 Plus Screen Protector + Dark Wood Full Body Skin / Front & Back Wrap Clear Film / Ultra HD and Anti-Bubble Shield. Return Policy: View Return Policy. Skinomi? TechSkin - BLU R2 Plus Screen Protector + Gold Carbon Fiber Full Body Skin / Front & Back Wrap Clear Film / Ultra HD and Anti-Bubble Shield. Return Policy: View Return Policy. Celicious Impact BLU R2 Plus Anti-Shock Screen Protector. Return Policy: View Return Policy. Dell Alienware 15 17 18 M15x M17x M18x R1 R2 R3 Blu-ray BD-ROM Read/Player Drive. Return Policy: View Return Policy. Skinomi? TechSkin - BLU R2 Plus Screen Protector + Pink Carbon Fiber Full Body Skin / Front & Back Wrap Clear Film / Ultra HD and Anti-Bubble Shield. Return Policy: View Return Policy. Skinomi? TechSkin - BLU R2 Plus Screen Protector + Silver Carbon Fiber Full Body Skin / Front & Back Wrap Clear Film / Ultra HD and Anti-Bubble Shield. Return Policy: View Return Policy. CA40N For Dell Alienware X51 X51 R2 3D Blu-ray Player BD-ROM Combo DVDRW Drive. Return Policy: View Return Policy. Skinomi? TechSkin - BLU R2 Plus Screen Protector + Carbon Fiber Full Body Skin / Front & Back Wrap Clear Film / Ultra HD and Anti-Bubble Shield. Return Policy: View Return Policy. Items 1-36 of 51. Newegg does not process or deliver orders on weekends or holidays. Delivery will be next business day.. Why can’t we show you details of this product?. Some manufacturers place restrictions on how details of their products may be communicated.. How do I find out the price? Add it to your shopping cart Go to checkout, the price will be listed in the Order Summary You can remove the product from your order by clicking the "Edit Shopping Cart" button To keep it, click the "Submit Order" button Why can’t we show you details of this product?. Some manufacturers place restrictions on how details of their products may be communicated.. How do I find out the price? Add it to your shopping cart Go to checkout, the price will be listed in the Order Summary You can remove the product from your order by clicking the "Edit Shopping Cart" button To keep it, click the "Submit Order" button Why can’t we show you details of this product?. Some manufacturers place restrictions on how details of their products may be communicated.. Why can’t we show you details of this product?. Some manufacturers place restrictions on how details of their products may be communicated.. Transparency in Supply Chains Act. 
The next video is starting stop. BLU R2 LTE Unboxing | Especificaciones. Want to watch this again later?. Sign in to add this video to a playlist.. Sign in to report inappropriate content.. Sign in to make your opinion count.. Sign in to make your opinion count.. Rating is available when the video has been rented.. This feature is not available right now. Hola a Tod@s! Link del equipo----- http://amzn.to/2iXWGca Aquí le dejamos el unboxing del BLU R2 el Sucesor del BLU R1, Un terminal de Gama media baja que para el precio que tiene comparado con sus especificaciones esta excelente. When autoplay is enabled, a suggested video will automatically play next.. BLU R2 LTE (16 + 2GB) | Unboxing & First Impressions. BLU R2 LTE Speed Test: Which Is Faster?. BLU R2: Best Budget Smart Phone?. Blu R2 Plus - 48 Hr. Impressions - Available for $130 for a limited time!. The Best Phone Under $90 BLU J8 Unboxing & impressions!!. Mejores celulares BLU de este año (precio, rendimiento y batería). BLU R2 - 4G LTE Review Unlocked Smartphone - 16GB + 2GB RAM -Black. BLU Grand M Unboxing | Budget Smartphone. Say Goodbye to the BLU R2 LTE.... BLU Advance 5.0 Pro Unboxing & Review. BLU R1 HD How to remove replace back cover & install SIM Card, insert Memory Card. Sign in to add this to Watch Later. 
Home All Brands Top 10 Mobile Phones Latest News Latest Mobiles Phones Upcoming Mobiles Phones Model Finder Technology Blog. » Specifications » 360° View » Pictures » Photo Quality. Black , Gold , Silver , Rose Gold Price : US$ 96, Rs 5090 10 out of 10. : ( 70 Ratings). BLU R2 Release July 2017, weight 156g, 5.2” IPS LCD Capacitive TouchScreen , 8.0 MP Camera, Bluetooth 4.0,Wi-Fi Price in February 2018. GSM 850 , GSM 900 , GSM 1800 , GSM 1900 GSM 3G Bands :. HSDPA 850 , HSDPA 900 , HSDPA 1700 , HSDPA 1900 , HSDPA 2100 Operating System :. Quad Core Processor Processor Speed :. 1 GB Memory Card Slot :. 150 x 76 x 9 mm , Exactly 150.3 x 74.3 x 9.6 mm Slim/Thin :. 9 mm , (9.6 mm Thick) Weight :. Accelerometer , Ambient Light , Proximity Sensor , Fingerprint Dedicated Keys :. Volume , Power , Fingerprint Key Device Security :. Device Password Lock , Device Pattern Lock , Slide Lock , PIN code Lock , Fingerprint Unlock. IPS LCD Capacitive TouchScreen Screen Protection :. Scratch Resistant , 2.5D Curved Glass Display Colors :. 16M Colors Pixel density range :. 276 to 300 ppi , (~282 ppi Pixel Density) Screen Resolution :. 720 x 1280 pixels (HD) Display Size :. 5.2 Inch Screen To Body Ratio :. 61 to 70 Percent , (~66.7% screen-to-body-ratio) Multi Touch Support :. Yes Ringtone or Alert Type :. Vibration , MP3 ringtones , WAV. 8.0 MP , 3264 x 2448 Pixels Camera Flash LED :. Dual-LED Flash , (Dual Color Flash) Front Camera :. 8.0 MP Front Camera Flash :. With Dual LED Flash , (Dual Color Flash) Geo-Tagging :. With 1080p 3G or Video Call :. With Wireless Connection Video Quality :. Autofocus , Touch focus , Face Detection , Smile detection , HDR , Face Beauty , Voice Capture , Gesture Shot , Low Light Mode , F2.0 Aperture. WAV , AAC , AMR , MP3 , WMA , MIDI , FLAC , OGG Video Format :. 3GP , H.264 , MKV , DivX , AVI , xVID , WMV , FLV , MP4 , H.263 3.5mm Headphone Jack :. Google Chrome Browser WiFi Support :. Wi-Fi 802.11 b/g/n , WiFi Direct Hot Spot :. microUSB 2.0 NFC (Near Field Communication) :. Calculator , Notes , To-do list , Blu Help, Google Apps, VAS Apps. SMS , MMS , Email , Push Mail , IM , Hangouts GPS Tracking :. Li-Po 3000 mAh Quick Charge :. 270 Hrs , (Unofficial) Talk Time :. 10 Hrs , (Unofficial) Music Playback :. Up to 20 Hrs Video Playback :. Dual Sim(Dual Standby) Social Networking Services & Apps Aluminum Metal Body Design Sandstone Pattern Finish Back Carriers Network Support Multi-Window Rounded Edges. BLU R2 Handset Battery 3000 mAh Charger Micro USB Data Cable Quick User Guide Screen Protector Protective Case Sim Removal Pin. » Full Specifications » User Opinions & Review » Compare » Pictures » 360° View » Related Phones » Review » Related News » User Manual » Photo Quality » Video Quality Tweet Popularity and Rating Rate this Mobile Phone Design. 0 1 2 3 4 5 Features. 0 1 2 3 4 5 Performance. 0 1 2 3 4 5. Categories » 4G VoLTE Mobiles » Apple iOS Mobiles » Android 4G » Dual Camera Phone » Dual Sim Mobiles » Android Smartphone » Dual OS Smartphone » Android Dual Sim » Android One » Android CDMA » Tablet » Android Tablet » Windows 4G » Windows Mobiles » Windows Tablet » Smartphone » CDMA Phone » GSM & CDMA Phone » Dual OS Tablets » Dual SIM Qwerty » Ubuntu Tablet » Ubuntu Mobiles » Basic Dual Sim » Basic Phone » Qwerty Phones » Touch & Type » Triple Sim Mobile » Slide phones » Android Camera Top Brands » Samsung » Apple » Nokia » Google » Lenovo » Motorola » BlackBerry » Huawei » HTC » Alcatel » OnePlus » LG » Asus » Xiaomi » ZTE » Micromax » Oppo » Karbonn » Vivo » Acer » Intex » BLU » Gionee » Vodafone » Lava » All Brands. LG V30S+ ThinQ LG V30S ThinQ ZTE Blade V9 Vita Nokia 7 Plus Nokia 8 Sirocco Nokia 1 Samsung Galaxy S9+ SM-G965 Samsung Galaxy S9 SM-G960. LG V30S+ ThinQ LG V30S ThinQ ZTE Blade V9 Vita Nokia 7 Plus. BLU R2 Announced February 2018, weight 158g, 6” OLED Capacitive Touch Screen, 16 MP Camera, Bluetooth 5.0,Wi-Fi Price in February 2018 View Full Specifications | Unboxing Pictures | Manual Download | 360 View. BLU R2 Announced February 2018, weight 158g, 6” OLED Capacitive Touch Screen, 16 MP Camera, Bluetooth 5.0,Wi-Fi Price in February 2018 View Full Specifications | Unboxing Pictures | Manual Download | 360 View. BLU R2 Announced February 2018, weight 145g, 5.45” IPS LCD Capacitive TouchScreen, 13 MP Camera, Bluetooth 4.1,Wi-Fi Price in February 2018 View Full Specifications | Unboxing Pictures | Manual Download | 360 View. BLU R2 Announced February 2018, weight 155g, 6” IPS LCD Capacitive TouchScreen, 12 MP Camera, Bluetooth 5.0,Wi-Fi Price in February 2018 View Full Specifications | Unboxing Pictures | Manual Download | 360 View. Home | Privacy Policy. 
Android News VIEW MORE Google Pixel HTC Huawei Lenovo LG Motorola Nokia OnePlus Samsung Sony Android Auto Android India News Android Wear Android Pay Android Tablets Best Android Phones Android TV Android Updates Amazon Google News VIEW MORE Google Assistant Google Maps Google Photos Google Hangouts Google Play Google Translate Google Voice Google fi Google Nexus Google Chromebook Google Drive Google Home Google Pixel Google Nexus Tech News VIEW MORE VR Artificial Intelligence Home Automation Self Driving Car Robot Vacuum 5G News IOT Samsung News VIEW MORE Samsung Pay Samsung Gear Samsung Tablets Samsung Phones Samsung Galaxy S8 Samsung Galaxy S7 Samsung Galaxy S6 Samsung Galaxy S5 Samsung Galaxy S4 Samsung Galaxy S3 Samsung Galaxy Note 3 News Samsung Galaxy Note 4 Samsung Galaxy Note 5 News Samsung Galaxy Note 8 News Samsung Galaxy S9 5G News Smart Home MWC Reviews Tech Deals More Shop Best Cell Phone Deals Advertise About Staff Privacy Policy Contact Reviews Giveaways News Tips Deals Join Our Team. UK Carriers Reveal Sony Xperia XZ2 Availability Details – MWC 2018. Sony Highlights Xperia XZ2 Selling Points On Video – MWC 2018. Huawei CEO: Only “Three To Four” Phone Vendors Can Survive – MWC 2018. Samsung Galaxy S9 & S9 Plus Pre-Bookings Now Open In India. Samsung Galaxy S9 Sensor May Come To Other Android Phones – MWC 2018. Hands-On With Lenovo’s Education-Focused Chromebooks – MWC 2018. Lenovo Showcases 100e, 300e & 500e Chromebooks – MWC 2018. Touchpad Pinch-To-Zoom Support Coming To All Chromebooks. YouTube’s Hollywood Investments To Stay Flat By 2020: Report. DeepMind & VA Team Up With Hopes Of Fighting Kidney Problems. Samsung Galaxy S9 Sensor May Come To Other Android Phones – MWC 2018. Qualcomm’s mmWave 5G Demo Achieves 1.4Gbps Download Speeds – MWC 2018. Samsung Chief Seeks “Complete Confidence” In Foldable Phones – MWC 2018. Micron Debuts New 3D NAND Memory Chips For Android Flagships – MWC 2018. Accelleran Announces New Small Cells, Other 5G Solutions – MWC 2018. Samsung Galaxy S9 & S9 Plus Pre-Bookings Now Open In India. Samsung Galaxy S9 Sensor May Come To Other Android Phones – MWC 2018. Samsung Chief Seeks “Complete Confidence” In Foldable Phones – MWC 2018. Samsung Galaxy S9 Music Playback Times Significantly Boosted – MWC 2018. Win A Samsung Galaxy S9 With AndroidHeadlines – International Giveaway. Best Fitness Trackers Buyers Guide – February 2018. Best $300 Rugged Phone Review – CAT vs Blackview. UK Carriers Reveal Sony Xperia XZ2 Availability Details – MWC 2018. Win A Samsung Galaxy S9 With AndroidHeadlines – International Giveaway. How To: Reinstall Pre-Redesign Snapchat App On Android. Best Portable Battery Packs For Huawei Mate 10 Pro – February 2018. Android News Close Android Android Auto Android India News Android News Android Pay Android Phones Best Android Phones Android Tablets Android TV NVIDIA SHIELD Android Updates Android Wear Amazon Close Amazon Amazon Alexa Amazon Kindle Apps Close Apps Android Developer Android Games App Reviews Best Apps & games Facebook Instagram Netflix Snapchat Spotify Twitter Uber Whatsapp Youtube ASUS Close ASUS Asus Phones Best Cell Phone Deals BlackBerry Close BlackBerry Blackberry Phones Carriers Close Carriers AT&T Sprint T-Mobile Verizon Chinese Smartphones Close Chinese Smartphones Bluboo Doogee Elephone Gionee Honor Leeco Oukitel Meizu Oppo UMIDIGI Gift Guide Giveaways Google Close Google Google News Google Apps Google Assistant Google Car Google Chrome Google Chromebook Google Chromecast Google Drive Google fi Google Hangouts Google Home Google Maps Google Nexus Google Photos Google Pixel Google Play Google Play Music Google Play Services Google Translate Google Voice HTC Close HTC HTC Phones Huawei Close Huawei Huawei Phones Lenovo Close Lenovo Lenovo Phones LG Close LG LG Phones LG Smartwatch LG Tablets Mobile Events Close Mobile Events Awards CES Google IO IFA Mobile World Congress Motorola Close Motorola Motorola Phones Motorola Smartwatches Nokia Close Nokia Nokia Phones Nokia 6 OnePlus Close OnePlus OnePlus Phones OnePlus One OnePlus 2 OnePlus X OnePlus 3 OnePlus 5 Phone Comparisons Reviews Samsung Close Samsung Samsung Pay Samsung Phones Samsung Galaxy Note 3 News Samsung Galaxy Note 4 Samsung Galaxy Note 5 News Samsung Galaxy Note 8 News Samsung Galaxy S3 Samsung Galaxy S4 Samsung Galaxy S5 Samsung Galaxy S6 Samsung Galaxy S7 Samsung Galaxy S8 Samsung Galaxy S9 News Samsung Gear Samsung Tablets Smartwatches Close Smartwatches Best Smartwatches Sony Close Sony Sony Phones Tech News Close Tech News 5G News Artificial Intelligence IOT Home Automation Self Driving Car Robot Vacuum VR Various Smartphones Close ZTE Blu Wearables Xiaomi Close Xiaomi Xiaomi Phones Special Features News Tips Contact Join Our Team. Android News Android Android Auto Android India News Android News Android Pay Android Phones Best Android Phones Android Tablets Android TV NVIDIA SHIELD Android Updates Android Wear Amazon Amazon Amazon Alexa Amazon Kindle Apps Apps Android Developer Android Games App Reviews Best Apps & games Facebook Instagram Netflix Snapchat Spotify Twitter Uber Whatsapp Youtube ASUS ASUS Asus Phones Best Cell Phone Deals BlackBerry BlackBerry Blackberry Phones Carriers Carriers AT&T Sprint T-Mobile Verizon Chinese Smartphones Chinese Smartphones Bluboo Doogee Elephone Gionee Honor Leeco Oukitel Meizu Oppo UMIDIGI Gift Guide Giveaways Google Google Google News Google Apps Google Assistant Google Car Google Chrome Google Chromebook Google Chromecast Google Drive Google fi Google Hangouts Google Home Google Maps Google Nexus Google Photos Google Pixel Google Play Google Play Music Google Play Services Google Translate Google Voice HTC HTC HTC Phones Huawei Huawei Huawei Phones Lenovo Lenovo Lenovo Phones LG LG LG Phones LG Smartwatch LG Tablets Mobile Events Mobile Events Awards CES Google IO IFA Mobile World Congress Motorola Motorola Motorola Phones Motorola Smartwatches Nokia Nokia Nokia Phones Nokia 6 OnePlus OnePlus OnePlus Phones OnePlus One OnePlus 2 OnePlus X OnePlus 3 OnePlus 5 Phone Comparisons Reviews Samsung Samsung Samsung Pay Samsung Phones Samsung Galaxy Note 3 News Samsung Galaxy Note 4 Samsung Galaxy Note 5 News Samsung Galaxy Note 8 News Samsung Galaxy S3 Samsung Galaxy S4 Samsung Galaxy S5 Samsung Galaxy S6 Samsung Galaxy S7 Samsung Galaxy S8 Samsung Galaxy S9 News Samsung Gear Samsung Tablets Smartwatches Smartwatches Best Smartwatches Sony Sony Sony Phones Tech News Tech News 5G News Artificial Intelligence IOT Home Automation Self Driving Car Robot Vacuum VR Various Smartphones ZTE Blu Wearables Xiaomi Xiaomi Xiaomi Phones Special Features News Tips Contact Join Our Team. Win A Samsung Galaxy S9 With AndroidHeadlines – International Giveaway Win A OnePlus 5T Bundle With OnePlus & AndroidHeadlines – International Giveaway. Deal: Amazon Fire TV Stick With Alexa Voice Remote For $30 – 02/25/18 Best Samsung Galaxy S9 & S9 Plus Accessories – February 2018 GearBest Deal: 6GB RAM Xiaomi Mi 6 For $379.99 W/Coupon GearBest Deal: 8GB RAM OnePlus 5T For $629.99 W/Coupon Electronics Deals – Feb. 23, 2018: Amazon, Dell, Google Pixel & More. UK Carriers Reveal Sony Xperia XZ2 Availability Details – MWC 2018 Sony Highlights Xperia XZ2 Selling Points On Video – MWC 2018 Huawei CEO: Only “Three To Four” Phone Vendors Can Survive – MWC 2018. Samsung Galaxy S9 & S9 Plus Pre-Bookings Now Open In India Samsung Galaxy S9 Sensor May Come To Other Android Phones – MWC 2018 Samsung Chief Seeks “Complete Confidence” In Foldable Phones – MWC 2018. Cubot X18 Plus Review – A Slim Budget Device That Performs Best $300 Rugged Phone Review – CAT vs Blackview Blackview BV9000 Pro Review – Rugged, Fast, Built to Last. Samsung Galaxy S9 Sensor May Come To Other Android Phones – MWC 2018 Qualcomm’s mmWave 5G Demo Achieves 1.4Gbps Download Speeds – MWC 2018 Samsung Chief Seeks “Complete Confidence” In Foldable Phones – MWC 2018. Best Portable Battery Packs For Huawei Mate 10 Pro – February 2018 Best Sony Xperia XZ1 Accessories – February 2018 Best Bluetooth Wireless Headphones – February 2018. Best Android Apps – February 2018 Best Android Apps — Language Learning — February 2018 Best Android Apps — Pets — February 2018 Best Android Apps — Valentine’s Day — February 2018. BLU Launches Two New Devices, The R2 & R2 LTE. July 25, 2017 - Written By Gursimran Kanwal. BLU has just released two new devices, the R2 and R2 LTE. These devices are successors to the R1. As with many of BLU’s other devices, you can expect relatively low specs for a very reasonable price. Both phones sport the same all metal back and 5.2 inch 720p display with a PPI total of 282. This display is also slightly curved, making both phones look more interesting and appealing. Overall, they are pretty similar, with only some key spec differences.. Starting with the R2, under the hood, you’ll find a 1.3 GHz 64 bit Quad core MediaTek 6580 processor with 1GB of RAM, along with the Mali-T400 GPU for graphics processing. For optics, you get an 8-megapixel f2.0 camera sensor on the back and another 8-megapixel camera sensor with a flash on the front. Both cameras can shoot up to 1080p video at 30 frames per second as well ensuring that you’ll get some decent video recording capabilities for the price. Powering the phone is a large 3,000mAh battery which in theory, should last more than many other smartphones considering the modest specifications. In terms of storage, it comes with a total of only 8GB, but the storage is expandable up to 64GB via MicroSD if you need more room.. Win A OnePlus 5T Bundle With OnePlus & AndroidHeadlines – International Giveaway/ Contest, Enter Today!. Like its name suggests, the R2 LTE supports 4G LTE networks and speeds unlike the R2, but there are more differences than just that. The device is powered by a slightly more powerful 1.3GHz 64 bit Quad core MediaTek 6737 CPU, along with the more capable Mali-T720 GPU for the graphics processing. For memory, you can pick up the device with either 2GB or 3GB of RAM, along with 16GB or 32GB of onboard storage. It also has two 13-megapixel f2.0 cameras (one on the front and one on the back) that can record video at up to 30 frames per second in 720p, with the one on the front also having a dedicated flash. Although the R2 LTE has somewhat better specs, it interestingly can record video at a lower maximum resolution than the otherwise less powerful R2. The device also houses the same 3,000mAh battery as the R2. Both the R2 and R2 LTE come with a fingerprint sensor on the back and Android 7.0 Nougat out of the box, as well as support for two sim cards. Both devices will be available for sale on Amazon, though at the moment they appear to be currently out of stock.. Rugged NOMU S30 mini Smartphone Launches At A Discount. Google SOS Alerts For Search & Maps Offer Help In Crisis. Android News , Android Phones , Blu , Chinese Smartphones. Samsung Announces AI, AR-Focused Galaxy S9 & S9 Plus – MWC 2.... MWC 2018’s most notable announcement has just taken place with Samsung hosting its event and introducing its latest flagship smartphone, the Samsung Galaxy S9. This is the first major smartphone to come through from Samsung in 2018 and akin to recent Galaxy S launches, Samsung has unveiled two models: the standard Galaxy S9 and the […]. Mobile World Congress 2018 Press Day Wrap Up: All You Need T.... Mobile World Congress 2018 officially starts tomorrow for when they open the show floor up to attendees at the conference center, but today was the press day full of conferences from some of the biggest manufacturers like Nokia and Samsung, with those two being the most notable. Nokia of course revealed some pretty big details […]. Speck Has Eight Cases For Samsung’s New Galaxy S9 Devices –.... Speck has now announced its own protective cases for the brand new Samsung Galaxy S9 and Galaxy S9 Plus, which were revealed today at MWC 2018 in Barcelona. There are 8 cases in total in the new lineup. Those range in price from around $39.95 to just shy of $60 and there are several designs […]. T-Mobile Left Customer Session Vulnerable Again In December. T-Mobile apparently suffered the effects of a previously unreported vulnerability several months ago which would have allowed hackers to log into the site as any one of the company’s subscribers. In fact, the bug was reportedly noted back on December 19 and, according to a statement released by the service provider, was fixed within hours […]. Video: Samsung Galaxy S9 and S9 Plus Hands On – MWC 2018. The Samsung Galaxy S9 and Galaxy S9 Plus are both finally official, and they bring lots of new stuff to the table. Spec wise both are running the latest Snapdragon 845 chipset in the US or the Exynos 9810 internationally, and both feature at least 64GB of internal storage with microSD card support. Win A Samsung Galaxy S9 With AndroidHeadlines – International Giveaway. Samsung Exec Quiet About Galaxy X, Reaffirms Bixby Speaker. Samsung’s Galaxy S9 and Galaxy S9 Plus launch appear to have gone off without a hitch but when asked about the company’s long-rumored folding smartphone – tentatively, the Galaxy X – the company is reportedly still not talking, according to CEO DJ Koh who responded to questions about the device during the launch at MWC […]. Vodafone UK Opens Galaxy S9 & Galaxy S9 Plus Pre-Orders – MW.... The newly unveiled Samsung Galaxy S9 and Galaxy S9 Plus are officially up for pre-order at a growing number of carriers and Vodafone in the UK is another provider which joins that list. Perhaps the most anticipated flagship to be shown at this year’s MWC 2018 event, the devices will be available in three distinct […]. Hands On With The Samsung Galaxy S9 Plus – MWC 2018. Along with the Galaxy S9, Samsung also debuted the Galaxy S9 Plus at Mobile World Congress today, in Barcelona. We got a change to experience it in their “Experience Zone” after the show, and it’s a mighty fine piece of hardware. It is actually a bit more different from its smaller brother this year, other […]. Deal: Amazon Fire TV Stick With Alexa Voice Remote For $30 –.... Amazon’ Fire TV Stick is one of the better media streaming devices if you want something that gives you access to just about all your favorite movies and TV shows, as it connects you to a world of content from popular services and lets you stream that content right on the TV or monitor that […]. EE Opens Samsung Galaxy S9 & S9 Plus UK Pre-Orders. EE has now confirmed it is already accepting pre-orders for the Samsung Galaxy S9 and S9 Plus in the UK. Along with that confirmation EE has provided basic pricing details which vary depending on the plan chosen. For example, those looking to take advantage of EE’s “Essential”plan (4GB data, unlimited talk and text) can pick […]. Mobile World Congress 2018 Press Day Wrap Up: All You Need To Know. Hands On With The Samsung Galaxy S9 – MWC 2018. Samsung just took the wraps off of two new smartphones, here at Mobile World Congress. Which include the Galaxy S9 and Galaxy S9 Plus. Surprisingly, there is a lot more in terms of differences this year, than just the screen sizes. The smaller, Galaxy S9, has just one camera on the backside. O2 Galaxy S9 & Galaxy S9 Plus Pre-Orders Go Live – MWC 2018.... O2 Galaxy S9 and Galaxy S9 Plus pre-orders have gone live, and are currently ready for those looking to place their orders as soon as possible. O2 says the pre-orders are available online but it doesn’t state that they’re not available in O2 retail stores, so anyone looking to place those orders in person may […]. Sprint Confirms March 16 Galaxy S9 & Galaxy S9 Plus Launch –.... Sprint is set to officially launch the Galaxy S9 on March 16 alongside the Galaxy S9 Plus, Samsung’s newest phones which it just unveiled today during Mobile World Congress at the Galaxy Unpacked press conference. The Galaxy S9 and Galaxy S9 Plus were originally thought to be coming to market as Samsung’s most expensive phones […]. Video: T-Mobile Unboxes Samsung Galaxy S9 On The “Moon”. T-Mobile Product Marketing official Desmond Smith is back with his series of extreme smartphone unboxing videos but is doing things a bit differently for Samsung’s Galaxy S9 and Galaxy S9 Plus. While the setting of his latest unboxing is still unconventional, it’s far less adrenaline-inducing than the environments featured in previous installments of his long-running […]. Samsung Galaxy S9 & S9 Plus Compatible With 2017 Gear VR – M.... Samsung held its MWC 2018 event today where the Galaxy S9 and S9 Plus were both formally announced. The event focused quite heavily on the camera features on offer with these phones, and at both the hardware and software levels. What was largely absent from the event, however, was any detailed talk on virtual reality […]. Video: Samsung Galaxy S9 and S9 Plus Hands On – MWC 2018. Best Samsung Galaxy S9 & S9 Plus Accessories – February 2018.... The Samsung Galaxy S9 and Galaxy S9 Plus are now official and available for pre-order. It’ll be arriving shortly, and now is the time to go ahead and pick up some accessories for your new smartphone. Whether that be a new case, a screen protector, maybe some headphones or even a car mount. Motorola’s New Ad Seems Like Subtle Dig At Competing OEMs. At just 16-seconds in length, Motorola’s latest brand advertisement appears to make no qualms about what the company sees as a common issue in the mobile industry. In fact, it could easily be seen as an indirect dig at some of the Lenovo-owned company’s larger competitors, such as Samsung or Apple. Samsung Outs SmartThings App For Galaxy S9 – MWC 2018. Major OEM Samsung is not only announcing the Galaxy S9 and Galaxy S9 Plus today, but also a new version of the dedicated SmartThings app that will release alongside the new flagships and allow them to act in full capacity as users’ IoT hubs. Along with being able to use all the features of the […]. Samsung Galaxy S9 Boasts ‘Refined’ Screen, ‘Cinematic’ Audio.... Samsung has revealed how its recently announced Galaxy S9 lineup improves upon the Infinity Display that debuted with last year’s Galaxy S8 series. The South Korean company’s latest flagships improve upon their predecessors in a number of areas, with the. camera and AI features being the main focus. Galaxy S9 Camera Features Better Slow-Mo, Bixby Integration. Samsung is kicking off its time at this year’s Mobile World Congress by outing the Galaxy S9 and Galaxy S9 Plus in a series of focused looks at different aspects of the phone, and the camera in particular brings a ton of new features and improvements, such as Super Slow-Mo and deeper integration with the […]. Hands On With The Samsung Galaxy S9 Plus – MWC 2018. Galaxy S9 Combines Iris & Face Scanning, Simplifies Security.... With Samsung’s Galaxy S9 and Galaxy S9 Plus now officially revealed at MWC 2018, the company has continued the rollout of related product information, specifically highlighting the security features of the two flagships. The firm has unsurprisingly continued to bolster and improve the implementation of its already well-known Knox feature for enterprise and personal users […]. Samsung Galaxy S9 Starts At $960 CAD Unlocked In Canada. The unlocked variant of the Galaxy S9 will start at $960 CAD in Canada, whereas the Galaxy S9 Plus will be priced at $1,100 CAD.. Consumers looking to acquire the new devices on a contract will be met with an upfront fee of $249 CAD for the Galaxy S9 and $379 CAD for the Galaxy […]. Galaxy S9 & Galaxy S9 Plus Come To Xfinity Mobile March 16 –.... The Samsung Galaxy S9 and Galaxy S9 Plus will come to Xfinity Mobile on March 16 just as with the other carriers in the U.S. and with Samsung’s own online store. Xfinity Mobile customers will be able to get up to $450 off the price of either phone when utilizing a coupe of promotions that […]. Samsung Shares Insights Into 9 New Galaxy S9 Features – MWC.... Tying in with its MWC 2018 reveal of the new Samsung Galaxy S9 and Galaxy S9 Plus, Samsung has now released a new set of hands-on videos showing off 9 of those flagships’ best features. Those, of course, include an overview of the overall design refinements made on top of the Galaxy S8 and Galaxy […]. Qualcomm Snapdragon 845 Powers Samsung Galaxy S9 US Models –.... Qualcomm’s Snapdragon 845 chip is set to power the U.S. variants of the Galaxy S9 and Galaxy S9 Plus, the chipmaker confirmed Sunday, shortly after Samsung officially announced its latest Android flagships. Gigabit LTE and UHD Premium video recording boasted by the newly unveiled devices are directly enabled by the Snapdragon 845, Qualcomm claims. Hands On With The Samsung Galaxy S9 – MWC 2018. AT&T To Launch Galaxy S9, Galaxy S9 Plus March 16 From $790.... AT&T is set to launch the Galaxy S9 and Galaxy S9 Plus on March 16 from $790, which will be the cost of the Galaxy S9, while the Galaxy S9 Plus will be quite a bit more for a retail cost of $915. As to exact pricing, AT&T will be offering both phones on the […]. Samsung Galaxy S9, S9 Plus US Availability & Pricing – MWC 2.... The Samsung Galaxy S9 and S9 Plus are now official having been introduced by Samsung today during the company’s MWC 2018 event. Along with the announcement, Samsung has provided some details regarding general – specific to US consumers – pricing and availability. For example, and while prices will vary somewhat if purchased through a carrier, […]. Galaxy S9 & Galaxy S9 Plus Come To Verizon March 16 – MWC 20.... The Samsung Galaxy S9 and Galaxy S9 Plus come to Verizon Wireless on March 16, which is just a few short weeks away. Samsung officially announced the two new phones, its latest flagships, at its Galaxy Unpacked press conference today during Mobile World Congress, showcasing the latest and greatest that it has to offer and […]. T-Mobile Galaxy S9 Hits March 16, Pre-Orders Start March 2 –.... T-Mobile’s Samsung Galaxy S9 and Galaxy S9 Plus will launch on March 16 with pre-orders beginning on march 2, following Samsung’s official announcement of the device today at its Galaxy Unpacked event during Mobile World Congress 2018. The carrier will sell three of the four colors that Samsung has produced including the Midnight Black, Coral […]. Samsung Galaxy S9 Boasts AR Emoji, Better Biometrics & More.... Samsung on Sunday officially announced the Galaxy S9 and Galaxy S9 Plus following months of anticipation and rumors, having revealed its most capable Android flagships to date. Beyond boasting about their raw processing power, the South Korean phone maker also spent a lot of time talking about various special features of its new series, and […]. Best Samsung Galaxy S9 & S9 Plus Accessories – February 2018. Galaxy S9 & S9 Plus Available Globally Starting March 16 – M.... Samsung had introduced its new flagship smartphones, the Galaxy S9 and Galaxy S9 Plus, earlier today, and along with the announcement itself, the company shared some availability info for the two phones. It was announced that the Galaxy S9 and Galaxy S9 Plus will go on sale on March 16 in ‘select markets’, while no […]. Samsung Galaxy S9 Camera Has Record-Wide & Variable Aperture.... Samsung on Sunday announced its latest Android flagships following much anticipation, having unveiled them in the form of the Galaxy S9 and Galaxy S9 Plus at the latest iteration of Mobile World Congress in Barcelona, Spain. While the smartphones are arguably offering incremental upgrades over their predecessors in most aspects, they are promising to deliver […]. Specs: Samsung Galaxy S9 Plus – MWC 2018. The Samsung Galaxy S9 and Galaxy S9 Plus were announced earlier today in Barcelona, we’ve already talked about both of those phones, and took a closer look at the Galaxy S9’s specs, so it’s time to do the same for the Galaxy S9 Plus. Before we start talking about specs, though, it’s worth noting that […]. Samsung Galaxy S9 Messages App Uses Tenor GIF Search Engine.... The default Samsung Messages app pre-installed on the newly announced Galaxy S9 and Galaxy S9 Plus will feature native support for GIF search engine Tenor, the two companies said Sunday. The same feature will also be distributed to other Samsung-made devices once it debuts on the Galaxy S9 lineup, with Tenor confirming the rollout will […]. Specs: Samsung Galaxy S9 – MWC 2018. Samsung introduced its new flagship smartphones today,. the Galaxy S9 and Galaxy S9 Plus, and despite the fact they look almost identical, they do ship with somewhat different spec sheets, so we’re here to take a closer look at what the Galaxy S9 has to offer in that regard. The Galaxy S9 and Galaxy S9 Plus […]. Samsung Galaxy S9, S9 Plus US Availability & Pricing – MWC 2018. Samsung Galaxy S9 Uses Galaxy S8 Battery More Efficiently –.... Samsung announced the latest additions to its Android flagship portfolio, having unveiled them in the form of the Galaxy S9 and Galaxy S9 Plus earlier today. The two devices sport the same Infinity Display AMOLED panels as their predecessors and are similar in terms of their overall physical footprint, thus also featuring Li-Ion batteries similar […]. Nokia Commits Most Future Smartphones To Android One – MWC 2.... Nokia is committing most future smartphones to Android One according to the company, which just announced the changes for its smartphone lineups going forward at Mobile World Congress 2018 during its press conference. Worth noting is that it will have some phones that will be part of the Android Go program as well, but save […]. Nokia 6 (2018) With Android One & Nokia 8110 4G Now Official.... HMD Global took to this year’s iteration of Mobile World Congress to announce five new devices, including a revised version of the Nokia 6 (2018) which originally launched in China early last month. The new model that’s now coming to the West is being released as part of Google’s Android One program meant to showcase […]. Nokia 8 Sirocco Android One Smartphone Announced With SD835.... HMD Global announced five smartphones during its MWC 2018 press conference, and one of those smartphones is the Nokia 8 Sirocco. This handset has been leaking for quite some time now, and the Nokia 8 Sirocco is actually both the most powerful and most expensive device HMD announced today. This is one of two Nokia-branded, […]. ZTE Showcases 5G Phone Prototype Supporting 1.2Gbps Speeds –.... ZTE arrived at the latest iteration of Mobile World Congress to announce a plethora of new products and showcase multiple hi-tech solutions, including its prototype of a 5G-ready smartphone. While the company already managed to break the gigabit mark last year, its latest invention supports download speeds of up to 1.2Gbps, with ZTE describing it […]. Galaxy S9 & S9 Plus Available Globally Starting March 16 – MWC 2018. Get your app reviewd by our editorial staff. Let us know your insider tip. 
