GSM 850 / 900 / 1800 / 1900 - SIM 1 & SIM 2. HSDPA 850 / 900 / 1700(AWS) / 1900 / 2100. 166.2 x 83.9 x 9.5 mm (6.54 x 3.30 x 0.37 in). IPS LCD capacitive touchscreen, 16M colors. 6.0 inches, 99.2 cm 2 (~71.2% screen-to-body ratio). 720 x 1280 pixels, 16:9 ratio (~245 ppi density). 8 MP (1/4"), autofocus, LED flash. Wi-Fi 802.11 b/g/n, Wi-Fi Direct, hotspot. SMS(threaded view), MMS, Email, Push Email, IM. Up to 750 h (2G) / Up to 625 h (3G). Up to 22 h (2G) / Up to 16 h (3G). We can not guarantee that the information on this page is 100% correct. BLU Studio Mega - user opinions and reviews. Does anyone know how to move apps from internal memory to SD card on Blu studio Mega S610p? Having difficulties doing so. Blu phones on a whole are sluggish after a week. The graphics is poor but appearance is good. And also storage gets full easily. For the price, it's an excellent phone. It does get sluggish, especially the keyboard. But again, for the price, you are getting a big bang for the buck. The screen size and quality a.... Samsung Apple Nokia Sony LG HTC Motorola Huawei Microsoft Lenovo Xiaomi Google Acer Asus Oppo OnePlus Meizu BlackBerry Alcatel ZTE Toshiba Vodafone Energizer XOLO Lava Micromax BLU Gionee vivo LeEco Panasonic HP YU verykool Maxwest Plum. BLU Studio XL2 BLU Neo XL Samsung Galaxy Mega 6.3 I9200 BLU Life One X3 Samsung Galaxy Note 4 BLU Grand Max. BLU Vivo X BLU Vivo 8 BLU Vivo One BLU Vivo XL BLU Vivo 5 BLU Life One X3. 
Select the department you want to search in. Sign in Account & Lists Sign in Account & Lists Orders Try Prime Cart. Your Amazon.com Today's Deals Gift Cards Registry Sell Help Disability Customer Support. 1-16 of 358 results for "BLU Studio Mega". See all results for BLU Studio Mega .. BLU Studio Mega (8GB) - 6.0" HD Dual SIM GSM Factory Unlocked Smartphone (Black). Only 14 left in stock - order soon.. $69.99 (9 used &amp new offers). Introducing the New Studio Mega Grand 6” High Definition Display 8 .... BLU Studio Mega (8GB) - 6.0" HD Dual SIM GSM Factory Unlocked Smartphone (Rose Gold). Only 16 left in stock - order soon.. Introducing the New Studio Mega Grand 6” High Definition Display 8 .... BLU Studio XL 2 - 6.0" 4G LTE GSM Unlocked Smartphone - 4,900mAh Battery -Gold. $89.95 (17 used &amp new offers). Trade-in eligible for an Amazon gift card. BLU Studio Mega (8GB) - 6.0" HD Dual SIM GSM Factory Unlocked Smartphone (Gold). Only 4 left in stock - order soon.. Introducing the New Studio Mega Grand 6” High Definition Display 8 .... BLU Studio XL 2 - 6.0" 4G LTE GSM Unlocked Smartphone - 4,900mAh Battery -Black. $79.99 (17 used &amp new offers). Trade-in eligible for an Amazon gift card. Sumaclife 6 Inch Zipper Closure Touch Screen Crossbody Purse Handbag for LG G6 / Stylo 3 Plus / Stylus 3 / X Venture / X Power2 / BLU Studio Mega / R1 Plus / Vivo XL2 / Tank Xtreme 5.0. Charger, 2.1A/5V Universal Dual Port USB 2-Port Plug Wall Charger Plug Power Adapter Fast Charging Cube (3-Pack) White. by D & K Exclusives. S4 S3, Note5/4/3, Galaxy Tab, Google, Nexus, HTC, LG, BLU , Nokia, Sony, .... Hidden Object Adventure MEGA Collection - PC Apr 13, 2010. Only 1 left in stock - order soon.. $3.00 (22 used &amp new offers). Spy Kids Collection 2004 - PC/Mac Feb 24, 2004. Only 1 left in stock - order soon.. $12.99 (8 used &amp new offers). In Spy Kids Mega Mission Zone, you'll help Carmen and Juni find a new .... $17.67 (28 used &amp new offers). Spy Kids: Mega Mission Zone - PC Aug 6, 2002. Only 1 left in stock - order soon.. $0.01 (35 used &amp new offers). $24.67 (30 used &amp new offers). $16.80 (34 used &amp new offers). Super Street Fighter II: The New Challengers [Japan Import]. $37.96 (23 used &amp new offers). Londonian Gothics: Meikyuu no Lolita [Japan Import]. Only 10 left in stock - order soon.. $9.00 (60 used &amp new offers). Dino Land: Choutouryuu Retsuden [Japan Import]. $16.01 (24 used &amp new offers). All customers get FREE Shipping on orders over $25 shipped by Amazon. Cell Phone Cases, Holsters & Clips. 4 Stars & Up & Up. 3 Stars & Up & Up. 2 Stars & Up & Up. 1 Star & Up & Up. There's a problem loading this menu right now.. Get fast, free shipping with Amazon Prime. Prime members enjoy FREE Two-Day Shipping and exclusive access to music, movies, TV shows, original audio series, and Kindle books.. Careers About Amazon Investor Relations Amazon Devices. Sell on Amazon Sell Your Services on Amazon Sell on Amazon Business Sell Your Apps on Amazon Become an Affiliate Advertise Your Products Self-Publish with Us › See all. Amazon Rewards Visa Signature Cards Amazon.com Store Card Amazon.com Corporate Credit Line Shop with Points Credit Card Marketplace Reload Your Balance Amazon Currency Converter. Your Account Your Orders Shipping Rates & Policies Amazon Prime Returns & Replacements Manage Your Content and Devices Amazon Assistant Help. Amazon Music Stream millions of songs. Amazon Drive Cloud storage from Amazon. 6pm Score deals on fashion brands. AbeBooks Books, art & collectibles. ACX Audiobook Publishing Made Easy. Alexa Actionable Analytics for the Web. Amazon Business Everything For Your Business. AmazonFresh Groceries & More Right To Your Door. AmazonGlobal Ship Orders Internationally. Home Services Handpicked Pros Happiness Guarantee. Amazon Inspire Digital Educational Resources. Amazon Rapids Fun stories for kids on the go. Amazon Restaurants Food delivery from local restaurants. Amazon Video Direct Video Distribution Made Easy. Amazon Web Services Scalable Cloud Computing Services. Audible Download Audio Books. AudiobookStand Discount Audiobooks on Disc. Book Depository Books With Free Delivery Worldwide. Box Office Mojo Find Movie Box Office Data. ComiXology Thousands of Digital Comics. CreateSpace Indie Print Publishing Made Easy. DPReview Digital Photography. East Dane Designer Men's Fashion. Fabric Sewing, Quilting & Knitting. Goodreads Book reviews & recommendations. IMDb Movies, TV & Celebrities. IMDbPro Get Info Entertainment Professionals Need. Junglee.com Shop Online in India. Kindle Direct Publishing Indie Digital Publishing Made Easy. Prime Now FREE 2-Hour Delivery on Everyday Items. Prime Photos Unlimited Photo Storage Free With Prime. Shopbop Designer Fashion Brands. TenMarks.com Math Activities for Kids & Schools. Warehouse Deals Open-Box Discounts. Whole Foods Market America’s Healthiest Grocery Store. Withoutabox Submit to Film Festivals. Woot! Deals and Shenanigans. Zappos Shoes & Clothing. Souq.com Shop Online in the Middle East. Subscribe with Amazon Discover & try subscription services. Conditions of Use Privacy Notice Interest-Based Ads © 1996-2018, Amazon.com, Inc. 
Select the department you want to search in. Sign in Account & Lists Sign in Account & Lists Orders Try Prime Cart. Your Amazon.com Today's Deals Gift Cards Registry Sell Help Disability Customer Support. Cell Phones & Accessories Carrier Phones Unlocked Phones Prime Exclusive Phones Accessories Cases Wearable Technology Best Sellers Deals Trade-In All Electronics. BLU Studio Mega (8GB) - 6.... has been added to your Cart. 1-Click ordering is not available for this item.. Please enter a valid US zip code.. Please enter a valid US zip code.. Shipping to a APO/FPO/DPO? Please add the address to your address book. Make sure you include the unit and box numbers (if assigned).. 2-Year Unlocked Cell Phone Accidental Protection Plan. Coverage for drops, spills and product malfunctions. Free shipping on all repairs with $25 deductible. Cancel anytime, full refund in the first 30 days. SquareTrade Protection Plans are only valid for new products purchased at Amazon within the last 30 days. BLU Studio Mega (8GB) - 6.0" HD Dual SIM GSM Factory Unlocked Smartphone (Gold). This item at this price, sold by Amazon.com, is currently reserved exclusively for Prime members. Prime free trial and invitee customers: We will automatically apply an Amazon.com Gift Card to your Gift Card Balance in the amount equal to the Prime exclusive discount after you become a paid Prime member. If you cancel your paid Prime membership or return the qualifying smartphone within the first 3 months of your paid Prime membership, we may void your Gift Card or charge you in the amount of the Gift Card. Terms and Conditions apply.. Only 4 left in stock - order soon.. Sold by Open Group Wireless and Fulfilled by Amazon .. Fulfillment by Amazon (FBA) is a service we offer sellers that lets them store their products in Amazon's fulfillment centers, and we directly pack, ship, and provide customer service for these products. Something we hope you'll especially enjoy: FBA items qualify for FREE Shipping and Amazon Prime.. If you're a seller, Fulfillment by Amazon can help you increase your sales. learn more about Fulfillment by Amazon. Factory Unlocked Dual Sim GSM Smartphone, Android 7.0 Nougat. 6.0” HD display with IPS technology; 8MP Main Camera w/ Flash +5MP Front Camera w/ Flash. 8GB Internal memory 1GB RAM Micro SD up to 64GB, MediaTek 1.3GHz Quad Core Processor with arm Mali-400 GPU. GSM Quad band 4G HSPA+ (850/900/1700/1900/2100): US compatibility Nationwide on all GSM Networks including AT&T, T-Mobile, Cricket, MetroPCS, Straight Talk, Pure Talk USA and others. Will NOT Work with CDMA Carriers Such as Verizon, Sprint, Boost, Etc.. This shopping feature will continue to load items. In order to navigate out of this carousel please use your heading shortcut key to navigate to the next or previous heading.. Customers who viewed this item also viewed. Page 1 of 1 Start over Page 1 of 1. BLU Studio XL 2 - 6.0" 4G LTE GSM Unlocked Smartphone - 4,900mAh Battery -Gold. BLU Studio XL 2 - 6.0" 4G LTE GSM Unlocked Smartphone - 4,900mAh Battery -Black. BLU Studio XL 2 - 6.0" 4G LTE GSM Unlocked Smartphone - 4,900mAh Battery -Rose Gold. BLU Studio Selfie 3 -GSM Unlocked Smartphone -Gold. BLU A190P BLACK Advance A6 -Unlocked Dual Sim Smartphone - 6.0” HD Display - Black. BLU Studio 6.0 HD Smartphone - GSM Unlocked - Black. This shopping feature will continue to load items. In order to navigate out of this carousel please use your heading shortcut key to navigate to the next or previous heading.. Customers who bought this item also bought. Page 1 of 1 Start over Page 1 of 1. [2 Pack] BLU Studio Mega Screen Protector, Tempered Glass Anti-fingerprints Thin 9H Screen Hardness Screen Protector Film For BLU Studio Mega. BLU Studio XL 2 - 6.0" 4G LTE GSM Unlocked Smartphone - 4,900mAh Battery -Gold. BLU A190P BLACK Advance A6 -Unlocked Dual Sim Smartphone - 6.0” HD Display - Black. BLU Studio X8 HD - 5.0" GSM Unlocked Smartphone -White. BLU Studio XL 2 - 6.0" 4G LTE GSM Unlocked Smartphone - 4,900mAh Battery -Black. BLU Studio Mega S610P Case / BLU Advance A6 Case / BLU Studio XL2 Case Tough Hybrid Armor Shock Dual Layer Resistance Proof Case Cover with Kickstand (HD Red on Black). This shopping feature will continue to load items. In order to navigate out of this carousel please use your heading shortcut key to navigate to the next or previous heading.. Page 1 of 1 Start over Page 1 of 1. Samsung Galaxy J7 Prime (32GB) G610F/DS - 5.5" Dual SIM Unlocked Phone with Finger Print Sensor (Gold). Samsung Galaxy J7 Pro (32GB) J730G/DS - 5.5" Full HD Dual SIM Unlocked Phone with Finger Print Sensor (US & Latin 4G LTE) (Pink). Samsung Galaxy J7 Neo (16GB) J701M/DS - 5.5", Android 7.0, Dual SIM Unlocked Smartphone, International Model (Silver). Figo Gravity- 4G LTE GSM Unlocked OctaCore 1.3 GHz 3GB Ram 32GB Storage Android 6 Camera 13MP/5MP Fingerprint Sensor 3000Mah Battery 5.5" HD IPS Display Full Metallic Body (Gray) - 1 Year Warranty. Samsung Galaxy J3 Pro 2017 (16GB) J330G/DS - 5.0" Dual SIM Factory Unlocked Phone (US & Latin 4G LTE) (Gold). Samsung Galaxy S5 Unlocked Gsm Android Phone 4g LTE 16gb - International Version (Copper Gold). Find answers in product info, Q&As, reviews. Please make sure that you are posting in the form of a question.. Don't see what you're looking for?. There was a problem completing your request. Please try your search again later.. 0.35 x 3.27 x 6.5 in. 0.3 x 6.4 x 3.2 in. 4.4 x 8 x 2 in. 0.3 x 5.9 x 2.9 in. 0.3 x 6 x 3 in. 0.3 x 5.9 x 2.9 in. BLU Studio Mega (8GB) - 6.0" HD Dual SIM GSM Factory Unlocked Smartphone (Gold). BLU Studio XL 2 - 6.0" 4G LTE GSM Unlocked Smartphone - 4,900mAh Battery -Gold. BLU Studio 6.0 HD Smartphone - GSM Unlocked - Black. BLU Energy X Plus 2 -GSM Unlocked Smartphone - 4,900mAh Super Battery - Black. BLU Life Max - 5.5" 4G LTE GSM Unlocked - 16GB+2GB RAM w/ Fingerprint Sensor, 3700 mAh Battery -Blue. BLU VIVO 5R Refresh Smartphone - 5.5-Inch Display 4G LTE GSM Unlocked, GOLD. Introducing the New Studio Mega Grand 6” High Definition Display 8 Megapixel Main camera with LED Flash 5 Megapixel Front selfie camera with LED Flash 8GB of Internal Memory and 1GB of RAM Latest And Greatest Android 7.0 Nougat Premium Metal Design. Whats in the Box Phone Charger USB Cable Earphones Screen Protector. 3.3 x 0.3 x 6.5 inches. 8 ounces ( View shipping rates and policies ). #75,160 in Cell Phones & Accessories ( See Top 100 in Cell Phones & Accessories ). #1,514 in Cell Phones & Accessories > Unlocked Cell Phones. Product Warranty: For warranty information about this product, please click here. If you are a seller for this product, would you like to suggest updates through seller support ?. Would you like to tell us about a lower price ?. 5 star 35% 4 star 4% 3 star 13% 2 star 9% 1 star 39%. Share your thoughts with other customers. There was a problem filtering reviews right now. 3.0 out of 5 stars Good for calls, texts, and large screen... I've been using this phone for almost 3 months which has allowed me to note the pros and cons. I chose this phone for the large screen and price without any intention of using any major apps. I've found that this phone is really laggy. It takes an extra second or two for something to register once you press it. I downloaded Twitter and a random game and noticed that any new apps I added slowed the system down, so I deleted most of them. I'm not big on fancy aesthetics but found the icons to look really outdated (see image.) This phone would be ok for someone who just wants to be able to make phone calls, text, and watch videos on a large screen. If you're big on apps and gaming, running lots of programs simultaneously, I would definitely not recommend this phone.. Was this review helpful to you?. 3.0 out of 5 stars Amused. I've been a loyal Blu customer for a few years now and I was excited to finally get the Blu Studio Mega last week - enjoyed it for a few days really was enjoying the android 7.0 nougat however I found that the storage gave me a problem. Its an excellent phone for someone who doesn't download a lot of apps.. Was this review helpful to you?. 2.0 out of 5 stars Soooo slow you will go crazy. Slow operation even with few apps loaded. I got it for the size of the screen and two chips for another phone line. that is OK, and by OK I mean not good, just OK. A cheap phone and this one proves it. I have had three other BLU phones, most were really good, but I broke the screen and they completely stop with that. Not sure if I just want to take it and toss it for another brand.... Was this review helpful to you?. 5.0 out of 5 stars A Great Deal on a Nougat powered smartphone.. The Studio Mega is powered by Android 7 AKA Nougat which can multitask with a split screen. The replaceable battery is a major reason I chose this phone. It lasts almost a full day of I don't surf too much. LTE is lacking which I should have realized. Regular 4G is much too slow.. Was this review helpful to you?. 3.0 out of 5 stars Three Stars. Color: Rose Gold | Verified Purchase. Speaker doesn’t work right have to use earphones sometimes to hear anything.. 0 Comment | Was this review helpful to you?. 1.0 out of 5 stars One Star. I had to get one of my old phones.. Was this review helpful to you?. 2.0 out of 5 stars Two Stars. I love BLU phones, just got a bad one this time. Was this review helpful to you?. 5.0 out of 5 stars Five Stars. Was this review helpful to you?. I hate this phone plz no one buy this phone it's slow, freeze up all the time and things keep popping up on d srceen and it can't work on SD card properly. 1.0 out of 5 stars It keep turning on the Bluetooth on by it self and signal is completely lost at time it stupid just don't buy it.. 5.0 out of 5 stars Five Stars. I’ve purchased BLU phones in the past and I particularly bought this one for my 14 year old. I’ve had the same model in the past. 5.0 out of 5 stars Decent buy. The phone arrived in excellent condition.. 5.0 out of 5 stars Five Stars. They are only nice for a little while then they shut down and never start back up it's happened to all 3 I've had would not reccomend!!!!. 1.0 out of 5 stars Trash. It is not good phone because it slow and sometimes freezes. Is there nobody is using it. 1.0 out of 5 stars One Star. It's More Then Expect I Just Wish It Was Faster And Louder. 4.0 out of 5 stars Four Stars. Worst phone I have ever had. Terrible phone storage, even when I bought the card to get more storage it still only let me have like two apps downloaded at a time. 1.0 out of 5 stars Worst phone I have ever had. What other items do customers buy after viewing this item?. BLU Studio XL 2 - 6.0" 4G LTE GSM Unlocked Smartphone - 4,900mAh Battery -Gold. BLU Studio XL 2 - 6.0" 4G LTE GSM Unlocked Smartphone - 4,900mAh Battery -Black. BLU Studio XL 2 - 6.0" 4G LTE GSM Unlocked Smartphone - 4,900mAh Battery -Rose Gold. BLU Studio Selfie 3 -GSM Unlocked Smartphone -Gold. See and discover other items: android phones the tmobile , cricket cell smartphone. There's a problem loading this menu right now.. Get fast, free shipping with Amazon Prime. Prime members enjoy FREE Two-Day Shipping and exclusive access to music, movies, TV shows, original audio series, and Kindle books.. Careers About Amazon Investor Relations Amazon Devices. Sell on Amazon Sell Your Services on Amazon Sell on Amazon Business Sell Your Apps on Amazon Become an Affiliate Advertise Your Products Self-Publish with Us › See all. Amazon Rewards Visa Signature Cards Amazon.com Store Card Amazon.com Corporate Credit Line Shop with Points Credit Card Marketplace Reload Your Balance Amazon Currency Converter. Your Account Your Orders Shipping Rates & Policies Amazon Prime Returns & Replacements Manage Your Content and Devices Amazon Assistant Help. Amazon Music Stream millions of songs. Amazon Drive Cloud storage from Amazon. 6pm Score deals on fashion brands. AbeBooks Books, art & collectibles. ACX Audiobook Publishing Made Easy. Alexa Actionable Analytics for the Web. Amazon Business Everything For Your Business. AmazonFresh Groceries & More Right To Your Door. AmazonGlobal Ship Orders Internationally. Home Services Handpicked Pros Happiness Guarantee. Amazon Inspire Digital Educational Resources. Amazon Rapids Fun stories for kids on the go. Amazon Restaurants Food delivery from local restaurants. Amazon Video Direct Video Distribution Made Easy. Amazon Web Services Scalable Cloud Computing Services. Audible Download Audio Books. AudiobookStand Discount Audiobooks on Disc. Book Depository Books With Free Delivery Worldwide. Box Office Mojo Find Movie Box Office Data. ComiXology Thousands of Digital Comics. CreateSpace Indie Print Publishing Made Easy. DPReview Digital Photography. East Dane Designer Men's Fashion. Fabric Sewing, Quilting & Knitting. Goodreads Book reviews & recommendations. IMDb Movies, TV & Celebrities. IMDbPro Get Info Entertainment Professionals Need. Junglee.com Shop Online in India. Kindle Direct Publishing Indie Digital Publishing Made Easy. Prime Now FREE 2-Hour Delivery on Everyday Items. Prime Photos Unlimited Photo Storage Free With Prime. Shopbop Designer Fashion Brands. TenMarks.com Math Activities for Kids & Schools. Warehouse Deals Open-Box Discounts. Whole Foods Market America’s Healthiest Grocery Store. Withoutabox Submit to Film Festivals. Woot! Deals and Shenanigans. Zappos Shoes & Clothing. Souq.com Shop Online in the Middle East. Subscribe with Amazon Discover & try subscription services. Conditions of Use Privacy Notice Interest-Based Ads © 1996-2018, Amazon.com, Inc. 
Hi ( Sign in to bid or buy) Daily Deals Gift Cards Help & Contact Sell. Summary Recently Viewed Bids/Offers Watch List Purchase History Selling Saved Searches Saved Sellers Messages. This item is out of stock.. People who viewed this item also viewed. Samsung Galaxy S7 Edge | 32GB | Unlocked | SM-G935V |. BLU Studio Selfie 3 S630p 5" Smartphone 8GB GSM Unlocked Dual Sim 8MP Android. BLU Studio Mega S610P Unlocked GSM Dual-SIM Android 8MP Phone. BLU Studio Mega S610P Unlocked GSM Dual-SIM Android 8MP Phone - Rose Gold. BLU Studio Mega (8GB) 6.0" XL Android 7.0 Dual SIM GSM Factory Unlocked S610P. SAVE $3 FOR EVERY 2 ITEMS YOU BUY. BLU Studio Mega (8GB) 6.0" XL Android 7.0 Dual SIM GSM Factory Unlocked S610P. Photos not available for this variation. Mouse over to Zoom - Click to enlarge. Upgrading? Sell it, don't trade it. BLU Studio Mega (8GB) 6.0" XL Android 7.0 Dual SIM GSM Factory Unlocked S610P. ANDROID 7.0 - 1 Year Warranty - QUANTITY DISCOUNT. Share on Facebook - opens in a new window or tab. Share on Twitter - opens in a new window or tab. Share on Pinterest - opens in a new window or tab. Ships in a business day with tracking. - opens in a new window or tab Learn more. bdsjtech has no other items for sale.. Please enter a quantity of $qty_dummy$ or less. Please enter a quantity of 1. Purchases are limited to $qty_dummy$ per buyer. Please enter quantity of 1 or more. Choose quantity that is less than $qty_dummy1$ or equal to $qty_dummy$. You can only choose quantity that is equal to $qty_dummy$. help icon for Shipping - opens a layer. This amount includes seller specified US shipping charges as well as applicable international shipping, handling, and other fees. This amount is subject to change until you make payment. For additional information, see the Global Shipping Program terms and conditions - opens in a new window or tab. United States and many other countries. help icon for Shipping - opens a layer. This amount includes applicable customs duties, taxes, brokerage and other fees. This amount is subject to change until you make payment. For additional information, see the Global Shipping Program terms and conditions - opens in a new window or tab. This amount includes applicable customs duties, taxes, brokerage and other fees. This amount is subject to change until you make payment. If you reside in an EU member state besides UK, import VAT on this purchase is not recoverable. For additional information, see the Global Shipping Program terms and conditions - opens in a new window or tab. No additional import charges on delivery. help icon for Estimated delivery date - opens a layer. Estimated delivery dates - opens in a new window or tab include seller's handling time, origin ZIP Code, destination ZIP Code and time of acceptance and will depend on shipping service selected and receipt of cleared payment - opens in a new window or tab. Delivery times may vary, especially during peak periods.. Any international shipping and import charges are paid in part to Pitney Bowes Inc. Learn More - opens in a new window or tab. International shipping and import charges paid to Pitney Bowes Inc. Learn More - opens in a new window or tab. Any international shipping and import charges are paid in part to Pitney Bowes Inc. Learn More - opens in a new window or tab. International shipping paid to Pitney Bowes Inc. Learn More - opens in a new window or tab. Any international shipping is paid in part to Pitney Bowes Inc. Learn More - opens in a new window or tab. Covered by eBay Money Back Guarantee. See details - opens in a new window or tab. Get the item you ordered or get your money back. Covers your purchase price and original shipping.. Add to cart to save with this special offer. If you Buy It Now, you'll only be purchasing this item. If you'd like to get the additional items you've selected to qualify for this offer, close this window and add these items to your cart.. Report item - opens in a new window or tab. Seller assumes all responsibility for this listing.. 3G Data Capable, Bluetooth Enabled, Dual SIM, Global Ready, Internet Browser, Music Player, QWERTY Keyboard, Speakerphone, Touchscreen, Wi-Fi Capable. New: A brand-new, unused, unopened, undamaged item in its original packaging (where packaging is. Packaging should be the same as what is found in a retail store, unless the item is handmade or was packaged by the manufacturer in non-retail packaging, such as an unprinted box or plastic bag. See the seller's listing for full details. See all condition definitions - opens in a new window or tab. BLU Phones Gaming Samsung Apple Other. Seller assumes all responsibility for this listing.. This item will ship to Singapore , but the seller has not specified shipping options. Contact the seller - opens in a new window or tab and request a shipping method to your location.. Please enter a valid ZIP Code.. Item location: Jamaica, New York, United States. Shipping to: United States, Canada, United Kingdom, Denmark, Romania, Slovakia, Bulgaria, Czech Republic, Finland, Hungary, Latvia, Lithuania, Malta, Estonia, Australia, Cyprus, Slovenia, Sweden, Korea, South, Indonesia, Taiwan, Thailand, Belgium, Hong Kong, Ireland, Netherlands, Poland, Germany, Austria, Mexico, New Zealand, Philippines, Singapore, Switzerland, Norway, United Arab Emirates, Qatar, Kuwait, Bahrain, Croatia, Republic of, Brazil, Costa Rica, Dominican Republic, Antigua and Barbuda, Aruba, Belize, Dominica, Grenada, Saint Kitts-Nevis, Saint Lucia, Montserrat, Turks and Caicos Islands, Barbados, Bangladesh, Bermuda, Brunei Darussalam, Bolivia, Ecuador, French Guiana, Guernsey, Gibraltar, Guadeloupe, Iceland, Jersey, Jordan, Cambodia, Cayman Islands, Liechtenstein, Sri Lanka, Luxembourg, Monaco, Macau, Martinique, Maldives, Nicaragua, Oman, Peru, Pakistan, Paraguay. No additional import charges at delivery!. This item will be shipped through the Global Shipping Program and includes international tracking. Learn more - opens in a new window or tab. Please enter a number less than or equal to 0.. Please enter a valid ZIP Code.. Please enter 5 or 9 numbers for the ZIP Code.. * Estimated delivery dates - opens in a new window or tab include seller's handling time, origin ZIP Code, destination ZIP Code and time of acceptance and will depend on shipping service selected and receipt of cleared payment - opens in a new window or tab. Delivery times may vary, especially during peak periods.. Will usually ship within 1 business day of receiving cleared payment - opens in a new window or tab .. Seller charges sales tax for items shipped to: NY*(8.875%).. * Tax applies to subtotal + S&H for these states only. After receiving the item, contact seller within. 30 Days return on defective items only. Item must be in same condition as it was sent with box and accessories. International buyers must pay return shipping in any case what so ever. Restocking Fee may apply deemed by Management.. Immediate payment required for this item. Immediate payment of US $103.99 is required.. Feedback on bdsjtech from others who bought this item. not able to display number of emails, WhatsApp messaages received. If there is a product failure, they work with you good to do business with.. exellent seller, good communication, fast shipping!! thanks. What’s the Difference Between iOS and Android? ,. Comparing iPhones: The Ultimate Buyer’s Guide ,. What's the Difference Between GSM and CDMA Cell Phones? ,. Samsung Galaxy S5 Buying Guide ,. How to Choose an Android Phone ,. How to Buy a Used Samsung S4 on eBay ,. The Pros and Cons of the Samsung Galaxy S5 ,. How to Choose a Touch Watch to Pair With Your Android. Unlocked BLU Studio XL Android Cell Phones & Smartphones ,. thl Android Dual SIM 8GB Cell Phones & Smartphones ,. Android Dual SIM 12.0 - 15.9MP 8GB Cell Phones & Smartphones ,. Lenovo Octa Core 8GB Android Cell Phones & Smartphones with Dual SIM ,. DOOGEE Bar Android Dual SIM 8GB Cell Phones & Smartphones. Site Map Copyright © 1995-2018 eBay Inc. Accessibility , User Agreement , Privacy , Cookies and AdChoice Norton Secured - powered by Verisign. 
more ... more .... more ... more .... MEMORY: 8 GB + MicroSD. View all photos (6). Too little RAM memory (1 GB RAM). Low pixel density screen (245 ppi). The BLU Studio Mega comes with a 6-inch 720p display, 1.3 Ghz quad-core processor, 1 GB of RAM, 8 GB of storage, and an 8-megapixel camera.. Dimensions: 6.54 x 3.30 x 0.37 inches (166.2 x 83.9 x 9.5 mm). Weight: 6.91 oz (196 g) the average is 5.6 oz (159 g). Resolution: 720 x 1280 pixels. Features: Ambient light sensor, Proximity sensor. Pixel density - The pixel density of a display represents the number of pixels over an area of one inch. It’s measured in “pixels per inch”, or ppi. The higher the number, the more detailed and good-looking the display is.. Technology - There are two main screen technologies currently used in phones and tablets: LCD and AMOLED. The former usually features a light source and liquid crystals, while the latter is based on organic light-emitting diodes. Newer LCD variations like IPS-LCD and Super-LCD allow for very accurate color reproduction and very wide viewing angles, where no significant image quality loss is observed. Current AMOLED screens differ in such a way that they can exhibit much more saturated colors (sometimes too much) and incredibly high contrast levels, which is due to black color being completely black in AMOLED displays.. Screen-to-body ratio - Shows what part of the frontal area of a phone its screen occupies.. Quad-core, 1300 MHz, ARM Cortex-A7, 32-bit, 28 nm. System chip - Most modern handsets use an advanced chip that includes many of the device’s hardware modules like the processor, Wi-Fi, Bluetooth and sometimes even the wireless radio. This field shows what particular system chip (or System-on-a-Chip) is used in the phone.. Processor - The processor is the main computing component of a phone and is a major factor when it comes to the overall speed of the device. Some more powerful smartphones use dual-core and quad-core processors designed to deliver greater performance.. Graphics processor - The graphics processor is important for the smooth operation of the system and especially in games and other applications that may involve complex graphics and animations.. System memory - System memory, or RAM memory is the type of memory that the device uses to temporarily store data from the OS or currently-running apps. The more RAM available to the device, the better the performance will be when multiple or heavier programs are running.. Built-in storage - Bigger storage capacity allows you to keep more content saved onto your device, such as more applications, photos or video. Games and video content typically take up the biggest amount of storage space.. Storage expansion - Some handsets allow you to expand their storage capacity by using a memory expansion card – most often microSD. Expansion memory is mostly suitable for media storage, such as photo, video or music content.. Capacity - The bigger, the better! However, battery capacity is not the only factor that has an effect on battery life. Those include the chipset in use, the software running on the device, as well as the consumer's unique usage pattern.. Multimedia Screen mirroring: Wireless screen share. Filter by: Album, Artist, Genre, Playlists. Features: Album art cover, Background playback. Cellular GSM: 850, 900, 1800, 1900 MHz. UMTS: 850, 900, 1700/2100, 1900, 2100 MHz. Other features: Voice dialing, Voice commands, Voice recording. Features: Mass storage device, USB charging. Other: VoIP, Tethering, Computer sync, OTA sync. Positioning - This field shows the positioning systems supported by the device. The most common types are GPS and A-GPS.. GPS - This is one of the most widespread global positioning technologies, developed and maintained by the U.S. It uses satellites in order to detect your location. A-GPS - A-GPS stands for Assisted GPS and is the industry standard for positioning and navigation. “Assisted” means that it can use local wireless networks, in addition to satellites, for quicker and more precise localization.. To see the full specifications with in-depth details click here.. Despite our efforts to provide full and correct BLU Studio Mega specifications, there is always a possibility of making a mistake. If you see any wrong or incomplete data, please LET US KNOW .. If you are interested in using our specs commercially, check out our Phone specs database licensing page.. $99 Buy. $105 Buy. Gear S4 may come with a blood pressure monitor, Samsung patent reveals. Google Pay launches today, but its most important feature is not here yet. Galaxy S9 and S9+ previewed in glorious detail with full specs and release date. Galaxy S9 and S9+ price and release date on Verizon, AT&T, T-Mobile and Best Buy. The Samsung Galaxy S9 and S9+ have game-changing cameras with variable aperture and 960fps slow-mo video recording. The Big Barcelona Camera Comparison: iPhone X vs Pixel 2 XL vs Note 8. Samsung Galaxy S9 and S9+ rumor review: Specs, design, features, price and release date. Sony presents Xperia XZ2 and XZ2 Compact: new design and Snapdragon 845. Galaxy S9 Exynos edition gets benchmarked against rivals!. Galaxy S9 first camera comparison vs iPhone X, V30, S8. Samsung Galaxy S9 & S9+ hands-on. MWC 2018: top smartphones to expect. Best smartphone you can buy in 2018. Allo is a quality app, but Google isn't giving it a real chance. All content (phone reviews, news, specs, info), design and layouts are Copyright 2001-2018 phoneArena.com. Reproduction in whole or in part or in any form or medium without written permission is prohibited! Privacy. 
BLU Studio Mega Price In USA , And Full Specifications. Rating: 0 / 5. Retail Price of blu studio mega in USA is $ 70. 166.2 x 83.9 x 9.5 mm (6.54 x 3.30 x 0.37 in). IPS LCD capacitive touchscreen, 16M colors. GSM 850 / 900 / 1800 / 1900 - SIM 1 & SIM 2. HSDPA 850 / 900 / 1700(AWS) / 1900 / 2100. Up to 22 h (2G) / Up to 16 h (3G). Up to 750 h (2G) / Up to 625 h (3G). Wi-Fi 802.11 b/g/n, Wi-Fi Direct, hotspot. Read All User Comments Post Your Opinion. Best Price of BLU Studio Mega in USA is USD 70 (US$70) , All Prices updated on daily bases from the local market shops/Showrooms or price list provided by the main dealers of BLU in USA we are trying to deliver possible best Price of BLU Studio Mega in USA and Full specifications, But we can’t grantee the Price and Specifications are 100% correct on this page (human error is possible). All prices mentioned on this page are in USD and valid all over the USA including New York, California, Texas Slight deviations are expected, you can check detailed specifications and price online on mobile57 before making a decision to buy BLU Studio Mega from online store or local shops.. If you find any error in rates or specs or have any suggestion to makes better this website please send us a massage by contact us page.. Disclaimer: We are trying to provid latest Mobile Phone prices in USA and Specs, but we cannot guarantee. The latest launched Cell Phones are priced on the basis of international offerings without including shipment costs and taxes.. © Copyrights by Mobile57 2011 to 2018. 
BLU Studio Mega - user opinions and reviews. Does anyone know how to move apps from internal memory to SD card on Blu studio Mega S610p? Having difficulties doing so. Blu phones on a whole are sluggish after a week. The graphics is poor but appearance is good. And also storage gets full easily. For the price, it's an excellent phone. It does get sluggish, especially the keyboard. But again, for the price, you are getting a big bang for the buck. The screen size and quality are very good. I do have problems with it identifying and using my micro sd card. I would buy this for the price before I buy a Samsung.. Small battery in such a big Phone but otherwise I'm enjoying it. Total of 4 user reviews and opinions for BLU Studio Mega .. Samsung Apple Nokia Sony LG HTC Motorola Huawei Microsoft Lenovo Xiaomi Google Acer Asus Oppo OnePlus Meizu BlackBerry Alcatel ZTE Toshiba Vodafone Energizer XOLO Lava Micromax BLU Gionee vivo LeEco Panasonic HP YU verykool Maxwest Plum. BLU Studio XL2 BLU Neo XL Samsung Galaxy Mega 6.3 I9200 BLU Life One X3 Samsung Galaxy Note 4 BLU Grand Max. BLU Vivo X BLU Vivo 8 BLU Vivo One BLU Vivo XL BLU Vivo 5 BLU Life One X3. 
Hi! Get more out of Walmart.com. Stretch your tax refund FREE Grocery Pickup See All Departments. Reorder Items Pickup Today Track Order Your Account Store Finder. Shop Electronics Smart Home Wearable Tech Cameras & Camcorders Walmart for Business Video Games. Shop all TV & Video TVs DVD & Blu-ray Players Home Audio & Theater TV Accessories. Shop all Cell Phones Straight Talk Phones Unlocked Phones Contract Phones No-Contract Phones Prepaid Minutes & Data Cases & Accessories. Shop all iPad & Tablets iPad Windows Tablets Android Tablets Accessories. Shop all Computers Laptops Desktops PC Gaming Printers & Supplies Networking Software Monitors Accessories. Shop all Auto Electronics GPS & Navigation. Shop all Portable Audio iPod & MP3 Players Headphones Speakers & Docks. Shop all Office Supplies Office Electronics School Supplies. Star Wars Marvel: Avengers Musical Instruments Computer Software. Shop all Movies & TV 2-Day Shipping Action & Adventure Blu-ray Discs Boxed Sets Children & Family Instawatch Movie DVDs New Releases Preorders TV Shows. Shop all Music 2-Day Shipping Music Gift Cards Country Music Soundtracks Vinyl New Releases Pop R&B / Soul Rock Top 100 CDs. Shop all Books Deals in books Preorders New Releases Biographies & Memoirs Children's Books Christian Books & Bibles Cookbooks, Food & Wine Comics & Graphic Novels Crafts & Hobbies Humor Literature & Fiction Health and Wellness Teen & Young Adult. Shop all Shop By Room Living Room Bedroom Bathroom Dining Room Kitchen Kids' Room Teens' Room Patio Entryway Office. Shop all Shop By Category Appliances Bath Bedding Furniture Home Decor Kids’ Bedding Kids’ Furniture Kitchen & Dining Lighting Mattresses Patio & Garden Rugs Storage & Organization Vacuums & Floor Care Window Coverings. Shop all Brand Shops KitchenAid Better Homes and Gardens The Pioneer Woman Mainstays. Shop all Specialty Shops Home Gift Guide Back to College Shop by Style. Shop All Home Improvement Bathroom Renovations Kitchen Renovations Water Purification Generators Garage & Storage. Shop all Air Quality Dehumidifiers Humidifiers. Shop all Tools Power Tools Hand Tools. Shop all Heating & Cooling Heaters Fireplaces Stoves. Shop all Paint Interior & Exterior Paint Ladders. Shop all Patio & Garden Patio Furniture Patio & Outdoor Decor Sheds & Outdoor Storage Outdoor Shade Grills & Outdoor Cooking Outdoor Heating Swimming Pools Hot Tubs & Saunas. Shop all Garden Center Outdoor Power Equipment Landscaping Pots & Planters. Shop all Industrial & Scientific Janitorial & Sanitation Supplies Food Service Equipment. Shop All Clothing Intimates & Sleepwear All Shoes Boys' Girls' Swim Shop Spring Fashion Activewear Shop School Uniforms Precious Metals Bags & Accessories Luggage Sleepwear Shop Premium Beauty Fashion Brands Clearance & More. Shop all Women's Women's Plus Juniors' Maternity Women's Shoes. Shop all Jewelry Wedding & Engagement Watches Fine Jewelry Fashion Jewelry Personalized Jewelry. Shop all Men's Men's Big & Tall Young Men's Men's Shoes Men's Jewelry. Shop all Baby & Toddlers' Baby Girl Baby Boy Toddler Girl Toddler Boy Baby & Kids' Shoes. Shop All Baby Baby Deals Parent's Choice Britax Premium Brands Restock Shop Baby Registry Baby Box Strollers Car Seats Baby & Toddler Clothing. Shop all Diapering & Potty Diapers Wipes Diaper Bags. Shop all Feeding Breast Feeding Bottle Feeding Baby Formula Baby Food Toddler Feeding Bibs & Burp Cloths. Shop all Nursery & Décor Cribs Furniture Bedding Décor. Shop all Toddler Room Furniture Bedding. Shop all Play & Travel Gear Playstations & Walkers Playards Swings Carriers & Wraps Baby & Toddler Toys. Shop all Health & Safety Bath Baby Gates Baby Monitors Baby Care. Toys Savings Musical Instruments Boys' Toys Girls' Toys Xbox One X Retro Gaming. Shop all Toys Action Figures Dolls & Dollhouses Cars, Drones & RC LEGO & Building Sets Pretend Play Arts & Crafts Electronics for Kids Learning Toys Nerf & Blasters Stuffed Animals & Plush Games & Puzzles. Shop all Bikes & Ride-Ons Kids' Bikes Ride-On Toys Hoverboards. Shop all Outdoor Play Swing Sets Trampolines. Shop all Shop by Age Preschool 5-7 8-11 12+. Shop all Video Games Virtual Reality New Releases PlayStation 4 Xbox One Nintendo Switch Accessories Digital Gaming Nintendo 3DS / 2DS Nintendo Wii U / Wii PlayStation VR Preorders Used Games. Restock Shop Fresh Flowers Meal Kits & Specialty Food Boxes Grocery Pickup & Delivery. Shop all Shop All Food Coffee Beverages Snacks & Cookies Breakfast & Cereal Meals Condiments Pasta Candy & Gum Soups Canned Goods Emergency Food Baking Center International Food. Shop all Household Essentials Laundry Room Kitchen Bathroom Paper & Plastic Cleaning Supplies Air Fresheners Batteries Pest Control As Seen On TV Light Bulbs. Shop all Shop All Pets Cats Dogs Fish Small Animals Birds Equine Reptiles. Shop all Clearance & Rollbacks Food Household Essentials Pets. Shop all Beauty Makeup Skin Care Fragrances Beauty Tools Hair Care Premium Beauty. Shop all Brands We Love Flower Culturelle OralB Braun ReliOn. Shop all Personal Care Feminine Care Incontinence. Shop all Shave Electric Shavers Razors. Shop all Oral Care Electric Toothbrushes Water Flossers. Shop all Bath & Body Lotions Body Wash. Shop all Vision Center Prescription Eyewear Contact Lenses. Shop all Health Medicine Cabinet Cold, Cough and Flu Digestive Health Home Health Care Diabetes Management. Shop all Wellness Supplements Protein & Fitness Weight Management Aromatherapy. Shop all Pharmacy Refill Prescriptions Transfer Prescriptions. Shop All Sports Outdoor Sports Emergency Prep Ozark Trail Hunting Trampolines Game Room Basketball Sports Fanshop. Shop all Camping Tents Airbeds Canopies & Shelters. Shop all Fishing Rod & Reel Combos. Shop all Boats & Water Sports Canoes, Kayaks & Boats. Shop all Recreation Bikes Lawn Games Air Soft Air Guns Golf. Shop all Team Sports Baseball & Softball Football. Shop all Exercise & Fitness Boxing Mixed Martial Arts. Shop all Exercise Machines Treadmills Bikes Ellipticals Home Gyms. Shop all Strength and Weight Training Fitness Accessories Ab & Core Toners. Shop All Auto Tires Batteries & Accessories Diagnostic Tools Auto Paint & Accessories Auto Interior Auto Exterior Windshield Wipers Motorcycles & ATVs RV Parts & Accessories Auto Detailing & Car Care Auto Services. Shop all Oils & Fluids Motor Oil Antifreeze & Coolants Transmission, Brake, & Steering Fluids. Shop all Automotive Tools & Equipment Car Battery Chargers & Accessories. Shop all Auto Electronics Car DVD & Video Car Stereos Car Speakers & Subwoofers Power Inverters Dash Cams. Shop all Auto Body Repair Auto Repair Tools. Shop all Auto Replacement Parts Oil Filters Engine Air Filters Spark Plugs Brake Parts. Shop all Photo Center Available Same Day Blankets Calendars Canvas & Wall Art Cards & Invitations Home Decor & Gifts Jewelry & Clothing Mugs Office Phone Cases Photo Books Pillows Posters Prints. Shop all Personalized Shop Easter Rollbacks & Clearance Wedding Invitations Wedding Sweepstakes Graduation Home Decor Clothing & Accessories Bedding & Bath Kitchen & Dining Kids Character Shop. Shop all Personalized Jewelry Rings Necklaces Class Rings. Shop all Gift Cards Mail a Gift Card Email a Gift Card Specialty Gift Cards Check Card Balances Corporate Gift Card Program. Shop all Gift Registry Baby Registry Wedding Registry Lists. Craft Tips & Ideas Costumes & Dress Up Party Ideas & Recipes Christmas Decor Savings Birthday Shop Wedding Shop Valentine's Day Plush. Shop all Arts, Crafts & Sewing Art & Drawing Supplies Beading & Jewelry Crafting Die Cutting Machines Sewing Fabric Scrapbooking Supplies Artificial Plants & Flowers Knitting & Crochet Yarn Craft Furniture & Storage. Shop all Party & Occasions Baking & Pastry Supplies Balloons Cards & Invitations Disposable Tableware Giftwrap & Supplies Party Decorations Party Favors Pinatas. Shop all Party Themes Themed Party Sets Anniversary Baby Shower Halloween Christmas Decor. Stretch your tax refund FREE Grocery Pickup Electronics & Office Movies, Music & Books Home, Furniture & Appliances Home Improvement & Patio Clothing, Shoes & Jewelry Baby & Toddler Toys & Video Games Food, Household & Pets Pharmacy, Health & Beauty Sports, Fitness & Outdoors Auto & Tires Photo & Personalized Shop Sewing, Crafts & Party Supplies See All Departments. Baby Registry Wedding Registry Classroom Supplies. TV & Video TVs DVD & Blu-ray Players Home Audio & Theater TV Accessories. Cell Phones Straight Talk Phones Unlocked Phones Contract Phones No-Contract Phones Prepaid Minutes & Data Cases & Accessories. iPad & Tablets iPad Windows Tablets Android Tablets Accessories. Computers Laptops Desktops PC Gaming Printers & Supplies Networking Software Monitors Accessories. Portable Audio iPod & MP3 Players Headphones Speakers & Docks. Office Supplies Office Electronics School Supplies. Movies & TV 2-Day Shipping Action & Adventure Blu-ray Discs Boxed Sets Children & Family Instawatch Movie DVDs New Releases Preorders TV Shows. Music 2-Day Shipping Music Gift Cards Country Music Soundtracks Vinyl New Releases Pop R&B / Soul Rock Top 100 CDs. Books Deals in books Preorders New Releases Biographies & Memoirs Children's Books Christian Books & Bibles Cookbooks, Food & Wine Comics & Graphic Novels Crafts & Hobbies Humor Literature & Fiction Health and Wellness Teen & Young Adult. Shop By Room Living Room Bedroom Bathroom Dining Room Kitchen Kids' Room Teens' Room Patio Entryway Office. Shop By Category Appliances Bath Bedding Furniture Home Decor Kids’ Bedding Kids’ Furniture Kitchen & Dining Lighting Mattresses Patio & Garden Rugs Storage & Organization Vacuums & Floor Care Window Coverings. Brand Shops KitchenAid Better Homes and Gardens The Pioneer Woman Mainstays. Specialty Shops Home Gift Guide Back to College Shop by Style. Industrial & Scientific Janitorial & Sanitation Supplies Food Service Equipment. Heating & Cooling Heaters Fireplaces Stoves. Paint Interior & Exterior Paint Ladders. Patio & Garden Patio Furniture Patio & Outdoor Decor Sheds & Outdoor Storage Outdoor Shade Grills & Outdoor Cooking Outdoor Heating Swimming Pools Hot Tubs & Saunas. Garden Center Outdoor Power Equipment Landscaping Pots & Planters. Women's Women's Plus Juniors' Maternity Women's Shoes. Jewelry Wedding & Engagement Watches Fine Jewelry Fashion Jewelry Personalized Jewelry. Men's Men's Big & Tall Young Men's Men's Shoes Men's Jewelry. Baby & Toddlers' Baby Girl Baby Boy Toddler Girl Toddler Boy Baby & Kids' Shoes. Diapering & Potty Diapers Wipes Diaper Bags. Feeding Breast Feeding Bottle Feeding Baby Formula Baby Food Toddler Feeding Bibs & Burp Cloths. Nursery & Décor Cribs Furniture Bedding Décor. Play & Travel Gear Playstations & Walkers Playards Swings Carriers & Wraps Baby & Toddler Toys. Health & Safety Bath Baby Gates Baby Monitors Baby Care. Toys Action Figures Dolls & Dollhouses Cars, Drones & RC LEGO & Building Sets Pretend Play Arts & Crafts Electronics for Kids Learning Toys Nerf & Blasters Stuffed Animals & Plush Games & Puzzles. Bikes & Ride-Ons Kids' Bikes Ride-On Toys Hoverboards. Shop by Age Preschool 5-7 8-11 12+. Video Games Virtual Reality New Releases PlayStation 4 Xbox One Nintendo Switch Accessories Digital Gaming Nintendo 3DS / 2DS Nintendo Wii U / Wii PlayStation VR Preorders Used Games. Shop All Food Coffee Beverages Snacks & Cookies Breakfast & Cereal Meals Condiments Pasta Candy & Gum Soups Canned Goods Emergency Food Baking Center International Food. Household Essentials Laundry Room Kitchen Bathroom Paper & Plastic Cleaning Supplies Air Fresheners Batteries Pest Control As Seen On TV Light Bulbs. Meal Kits & Specialty Food Boxes. Shop All Pets Cats Dogs Fish Small Animals Birds Equine Reptiles. Clearance & Rollbacks Food Household Essentials Pets. Beauty Makeup Skin Care Fragrances Beauty Tools Hair Care Premium Beauty. Brands We Love Flower Culturelle OralB Braun ReliOn. Oral Care Electric Toothbrushes Water Flossers. Bath & Body Lotions Body Wash. Vision Center Prescription Eyewear Contact Lenses. Health Medicine Cabinet Cold, Cough and Flu Digestive Health Home Health Care Diabetes Management. Wellness Supplements Protein & Fitness Weight Management Aromatherapy. Camping Tents Airbeds Canopies & Shelters. Fishing Rod & Reel Combos. Boats & Water Sports Canoes, Kayaks & Boats. Recreation Bikes Lawn Games Air Soft Air Guns Golf. Team Sports Baseball & Softball Football. Exercise & Fitness Boxing Mixed Martial Arts. Exercise Machines Treadmills Bikes Ellipticals Home Gyms. Strength and Weight Training Fitness Accessories Ab & Core Toners. Oils & Fluids Motor Oil Antifreeze & Coolants Transmission, Brake, & Steering Fluids. Automotive Tools & Equipment Car Battery Chargers & Accessories. Auto Electronics Car DVD & Video Car Stereos Car Speakers & Subwoofers Power Inverters Dash Cams. Auto Body Repair Auto Repair Tools. Auto Replacement Parts Oil Filters Engine Air Filters Spark Plugs Brake Parts. Photo Center Available Same Day Blankets Calendars Canvas & Wall Art Cards & Invitations Home Decor & Gifts Jewelry & Clothing Mugs Office Phone Cases Photo Books Pillows Posters Prints. Personalized Shop Easter Rollbacks & Clearance Wedding Invitations Wedding Sweepstakes Graduation Home Decor Clothing & Accessories Bedding & Bath Kitchen & Dining Kids Character Shop. Personalized Jewelry Rings Necklaces Class Rings. Gift Cards Mail a Gift Card Email a Gift Card Specialty Gift Cards Check Card Balances Corporate Gift Card Program. Gift Registry Baby Registry Wedding Registry Lists. Arts, Crafts & Sewing Art & Drawing Supplies Beading & Jewelry Crafting Die Cutting Machines Sewing Fabric Scrapbooking Supplies Artificial Plants & Flowers Knitting & Crochet Yarn Craft Furniture & Storage. Party & Occasions Baking & Pastry Supplies Balloons Cards & Invitations Disposable Tableware Giftwrap & Supplies Party Decorations Party Favors Pinatas. Party Themes Themed Party Sets Anniversary Baby Shower Halloween Christmas Decor. All Departments Auto & Tires Baby Beauty Books Cell Phones Clothing Electronics Food. Gifts & Registry Health Home Home Improvement Household Essentials Jewelry Movies Music Office. Party & Occasions Patio & Garden Pets Pharmacy Photo Center Sports & Outdoors Toys Video Games. FREE Grocery Pickup FREE 2-Day Shipping Shop smart with our app Get your flu shot today Stretch your tax refund. FREE Grocery Pickup FREE 2-Day Shipping Shop smart with our app Get your flu shot today Stretch your tax refund. Pickup Today Grocery Pickup Weekly Ads Credit Card Track Order. Cell Phones Shop Phones by Operating System Android. BLU Studio Mega S610P Unlocked GSM Dual-SIM Android Phone w/ 8MP Camera - Gold. Average rating: 4 out of 5 stars, based on 1 reviews 1 reviews ratings. This button opens a dialog that displays additional images for this product with the option to zoom in or out.. BLU Studio Mega Smartphone 6.0" HD Dual SIM 8GB GSM Factory Unlocked S610p Gold. Tell us if something is incorrect. Sold & shipped by Walmart. Ship to 94066 See shipping options. Cover drops, spills & cracked screens with a Care Plan. Protect your purchase with a care plan. Cover drops, spills, cracked screens, and more. Plus, get set up and connected with access to 30 days of Soluto Premium Tech Help. Add 2-Year Mobile Phone Protection $ 24. 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12. Ship to 94066 See shipping options. Sold & Shipped by OG Wireless. Tell us if something is incorrect. BLU Studio Mega Smartphone 6.0" HD Dual SIM 8GB GSM Factory Unlocked S610p Gold. Get specific details about this product from customers who own it.. Average rating: 4 out of 5 stars, based on reviews. relevancy helpful submission-desc submission-asc rating-desc rating-asc. I'm all about BLU phones! I've bought 3. Average rating: 4 out of 5 stars, based on reviews. Great phone for a great price. I bought one from walmart after hearing 3 different walmart cellular center workers tell me theres no way that phone will work in my area. It I have net10 and bought the BYOP activation kit and got a new sim card that was AT&T compatible. I first called to Transfer my current Net10 number to my new Net10 sim (My old net10 sim wouldn't work in that phone, it was corroded ). A nice man helped me transfer my number to the sim then ran a lot of tests and tried to trouble shoot the issues I was having with my device. Right when I got off the phone with him and was starting to feel sad because my phone wasn't working I started recieving calls and texts! I loved my phone, it worked on the AT&T network and was fast and perfect. It comes with a jelly case, charger, headphones, and a lot of information. The box that the phone comes in is really cool too.. I kept my phone for a very long time and had no real problems except, it didn't seem to recognize my sd card. I had an sd card from a previous phone with lots of pictures, music, and videos. The only way it would recognize the sim was if I formatted the sd. We of course know that means deleting everything so I opted out of doing that. Thinking about just getting a new sd and just formatting it so I can use it for my phone. I had a crazy night for Polar Bear in Carbondale and dropped my phone. It cracked!!! It was still some what functional but I decided to just get another phone because it was only 100 bucks!. This time around I got the Studio M6 LTE. and I kinda miss this one. The M6 LTE is a lot heavier than the regular M6 which kinda sucks for me, pro for you though if you're thinking about getting this device!. I got this M6 for my mom and she loves it!!!!!!. I had a hard time setting it up through Net10 they get on my nerves!!!. I highly suggest this phone if you have Verizon, At&t or straight talk. Even the prepaid companies will work on these phones and that's a huge plus!. DO YOUR RESEARCH before you buy these phones to make sure that they will work in your area. Yes (1) No (0) Report. 1-1 of 1 reviews. See any care plans, options and policies that may be associated with this product.. Electrode, Comp-283036217, DC-prod-dfw8, ENV-prod-a, PROF-PROD, VER-21.17.3-rc-1, SHA-c37438843926f3cccffc1b3ed5e62a5a7012bec8, CID-. Help Feedback MoneyCenter Privacy & Security CA Privacy Rights Terms of Use. See All Services Walmart MoneyCenter Walmart Credit Card Product Care Plans Walmart Pay. About Walmart.com Corporate Suppliers Sell on Walmart.com Careers @WalmartLabs The Walmart Digital Museum. Terms of Use About Our Ads Affiliate Program CA Privacy Rights Privacy & Security. Returns Policy Product Recalls Int’l Customers Tax Exempt Program Contact Us Feedback Store Pickup. Electronics Toys Video Games Home Products Clothing Sports & Outdoors Baby Products. 
Cost-effective Cheaper More expensive Performance Camera Battery Smaller Larger. Kimovil shows stores that deliver to your country. Convert prices to your local currency. Add devices to your profile, rate and comment on your smartphones.. Add it if you love it and would like to have it in your hands. Add it if you love it and would like to have it in your hands. Add it if you currently use it or you manage it... Now you are using it .... It would be a great help if you could take 2 minutes to comment on this smartphone. Add it if you currently use it or you manage it... Add it if you had it and gave it away, sold it or it died.... It would be a great help if you could take 2 minutes to comment on this smartphone. Add it if you had it and gave it away, sold it or it died.... Finding the best price for the BLU Studio Mega is no easy task. Here you will find where to buy the BLU Studio Mega at the best price. Prices are continuously tracked in over 140 stores so that you can find a reputable dealer with the best price. June 2017, 8 months ago. 83.9 mm x 166.2 mm x 9.5 mm. 720 x 1280 px. Pixels per inch differentiable less than 40 cm away. - More smartphones with MediaTek MT6580 processor. - More smartphones with 1GB RAM memory. 21.233 Overall performance better than 30% of devices. GB (Capacity with the OS (depends on the brand and ROM version): 6-7 GB). - More smartphones with 8GB of internal storage. 1454 Songs , 3200 Photos and 114 Videos. These are the default features of this smartphone. Most of these features can be achieved with a more advanced camera application, so do not worry if you are missing something like a timer, smile detection, filters, etc.. B4 (1700/2100 AWS A-F) ,. Dual SIM Dual Standby (Micro SIM + Micro SIM). SIM cards (MiniSIM) can be cut to MicroSIM, MicroSIM can be cut to NanoSIM and a SIM can even be cut to a NanoSIM (although not recommended). Download this SIM Cutting Template and forget about having to ask your operator for a new SIM.... A2DP (Advanced Audio Distribution Profile). The FCC limit is 1.6 W/kg measured in a volume of 1 gram of tissue. - More smartphones with Android 7.0 Nougat operating system. The information on this web site is not guaranteed. Kimovil is not responsible for inaccuracies, omissions or any other error in the information. Any warranties regarding this information are disclaimed. Total or partial reproduction of this site is prohibited in any manner without prior written permission. The trademarks, logos and device manufacturers, software, etc. are the property of their respective owners.. Coupons Buying Guide Help Contact Facebook Twitter About Us Terms & Conditions Privacy Cookies. How is the exchange rate calculated?. Email (Optional) We will notify you when it is OK. Email (Optional) We will notify you when it is OK. Add devices to your profile, rate and comment on your smartphones.. There are unanswered questions about the mobile devices you use, please help us by answering them!. 
Looks like your cart is empty. Get quick access to guides, parts, and answers for your devices. Repair guides and support for phones manufactured by BLU Products.. I dropped this device and now I need a LCD screen replacement.. How much does BLU 8.0 mega phone costs in USA?. Fix Kits starting at $16.99. Past 24 Hours: 0. Past 7 Days: 7. Past 30 Days: 32. 2018 iFixit – Licensed under Creative Commons – Privacy Policy. It's time to speak out for your right to repair. We have a chance to guarantee our right to repair electronic. equipment—like smartphones, computers, and even farm equipment. chance to protect local repair jobs—the corner mom-and-pop repair shops that. keep getting squeezed out by manufacturers.. Join the cause and tell your state representative to support Right to Repair. Tell them you believe repair should be fair, affordable, and accessible. Stand up for your right to repair!. 
166.2 x 83.9 x 9.5 mm. Android OS v7.0 ( Nougat ). 8 MP 3264 x 2448 px autofocus. 850 / 900 / 1800 / 1900. DroidChart.com / Smartphones / BLU / BLU Studio Mega (2017). 6 inches 720 x 1280 px. The detailed specifications, photos and introductory video of the BLU Studio Mega (S610P). The list of the competitors most often compared to the BLU Studio Mega smartphone.. The BLU Studio Mega (S610P) smartphone released in 2017. It is powered by Mediatek MT6580 chipset, 1 GB of RAM and 8 GB of internal storage.. The BLU Studio Mega runs on Android OS v7.0 (Nougat) out of the box. It comes with a Li-Ion 2500 mAh battery. It features a 6 inches IPS display with 720 x 1280 px resolution. The IPS technology is one of the most leading LCD technologies in the world.. The BLU Studio Mega runs on Android OS v7.0 (Nougat) out of the box, but the Studio Mega's firmware can be upgraded to a newer version of OS.. Screen size is measured in inches, diagonally from corner to corner. The 6 inches IPS capacitive touch screen with 720 x 1280 px resolution is multitouch capable.. The smartphone's memory (1 GB) cannot be expanded, but the storage (8 GB) can be expanded with a microSD card.. The camera of the BLU Studio Mega is equipped with autofocus. Autofocus is a camera feature that fine-tunes the focus of the camera, it is a nice feature of this smartphone.. This smartphone has a built-in GPS receiver. GPS is a satellite based navigation system that allows the determination of the exact geographical location on Earth. This BLU smartphone has FM radio receiver.. The Li-Ion 2500 mAh battery gives the smartphone a good battery backup. This is a low maintenance battery. No periodic discharge is needed and charging can be done at random.. The smartphone sensors measure physical quantities and transmit them to the application processor. The phones's accelerometer is a built-in electronic component that measures tilt and motion. The proximity sensor detects when a user is holding the phone near their face during a call and turns off the display to prevent keypad presses and battery consumption from the display. The Studio Mega has Dual SIM capability, which means that you can insert two different SIM cards and use them both from one phone.. Compare BLU Studio Mega to other smartphones. The specifications above are based on the official data published by the manufacturer, but we also take user reviews into consideration. If you found an error or something lacking in the specifications above for the BLU Studio Mega, then don’t hesitate and signal the problem to us.. According to our statistics, the BLU Studio Mega smartphone was most often compared on our site with the following smartphones.. Compare BLU Studio Mega to other smartphones. If there’s information about the BLU Studio Mega that you would like to see on this site, then write to our webmaster@droidchart.com address.. 
Welcome, visitor! [ Register | Login ]. Post ROM Home Categories Gapps & APK & Tools & Tuto Contact us Donate. * Search Rom - Gapps-Tools-Tuto - OTHERS ACER Advan Alcatel Allview Archos Asus Avvio Azumi Blackview Blu BLUBOO Cherry Mobile Condor COOLPAD. CUBOT DEXP DOOGEE Elephone Evercoss FLY GFIVE GIONEE HAIER HDC Hisense HTC HUAWEI InnJoo Intex JIAYU Karbonn. Landvo LAVA Leagoo LeEco LENOVO LG M-Horse Meizu MICROMAX MOTOROLA OPPO ORRO Oukitel Prestigio QMobile Real 1:1 SAMSUNG. SONY ERICSSON Spreadtrum Symphony TCL THL Ulefone Umidigi Verykool VIVO Vkworld Walton X-BO XIAOMI XOLO XTOUCH ZOPO ZTE. Home » Blu » BLU Studio Mega. Title: BLU Studio Mega Listed: 11/17/2017 2:15 pm ROM Version: ROM Android 7.0. You must be logged for ROM download.. Overall Rating : 0. Listed by: hanuma50 Member Since: 04/23/2013 Private Message: Contact Me. No Rooted Language support : Multilang. Install ROM : - Unpack FlashTools, and Click on Flash_tool.exe - Select "scatter-Loading" and search MT6580_Android_scatter.txt in ROM - Wait file to be added into Flash Tool - Select "Download Only" or if upgrade "Firmware upgrade" - Turn off your phone, remove the battery (if the battery is removable) and replace it after some seconds (and don't turn on the phone). - Press “Download” button to start - and connect your phone into the computer via USB data cable. - The process will start and a red progress bar will appear after color purple, yellow. - And green circles display - Finish ! - You can now safely disconnect your phone and turn it on.. ※Please make a backup of your device before installing or updating ROM. You must be logged in to post a comment.. 
The next video is starting stop. Want to watch this again later?. Sign in to add this video to a playlist.. Sign in to report inappropriate content.. Sign in to make your opinion count.. Sign in to make your opinion count.. The interactive transcript could not be loaded.. Rating is available when the video has been rented.. This feature is not available right now. When autoplay is enabled, a suggested video will automatically play next.. BLU STUDIO MEGA Unboxing Video – in Stock at www.welectronics.com. BLU Studio Mega Review (8GB) - 6.0" HD Dual SIM GSM Factory Unlocked Smartphone (Black). BLU STUDIO MEGA, STUDIO G MAX, & STUDIO G2 HD REVIEW. Amazon Fire 7 2017 And Blue Studio XL 2 Budget Devices Both $180. Cheap BLU Studio XL 2 4G LTE Unlocked 6 inch Smartphone -$128. Blu Studio 6.0 HD D651u Unboxing & Review / Side by Side Comparision w/ iPhone 6 Plus. BLU Studio 7.0 II 4G - Unboxing and First Impressions. АМЕРИКАНЕЦ ЗА 4800 РУБ - BLU STUDIO MEGA - bold like us. Blu Studio J8 Aluminio y lector de huellas en un Android económico. Blu Studio Phone How To Enable 3G Data & Check For Available Networks Net 10 Straight Talk. BLU Energy X Plus 2 Unboxing (Ultimate Cheap Ass People Phone ). BLU Studio XL 2 smart phone: Lotta bang for the buck!. How To Set Any Song As Ringtone On Android? Tutorial Video. Sign in to add this to Watch Later. 
OPPO Claim Centers in Pakistan – OFFICIAL. Sony Xperia Official Stores in Pakistan. Sony to launch Xperia XA2, XA2 Ultra, and Xperia L2 in Pakistan. Huawei Honor 9 Lite Review, Features, Price & Specs. Huawei Honor 5C Pro Review, Price, Specs & Features. OPPO Claim Centers in Pakistan – OFFICIAL. Sony Xperia Official Stores in Pakistan. Sony to launch Xperia XA2, XA2 Ultra, and Xperia L2 in Pakistan. Huawei Honor 9 Lite Review, Features, Price & Specs. Huawei Honor 5C Pro Review, Price, Specs & Features. Mobiles / BLU Studio Mega. CPU : Quad-core 1.3 GHz. OS : Android 7.0 (Nougat). BLU Studio Mega - Price and Specification. Design Type called form factor refers to a mobile phone's size, shape, and style as well as the layout and position of major components of phone. There are three major form factors seen in mobile phones => bar phones, folding phones and sliding phones. 166.2 x 83.9 x 9.5 mm. SIM (Subscriber Identity Module) is a small card that contains mobile network subscriber's account information. This allows the phone using the card to attach to a mobile network. The SIM card is most commonly associated with GSM and UMTS mobile networks. Moving a SIM card from one phone to another allows a subscriber to switch mobile phones without having to contact their mobile network carrier. SIM cards can also be used by a phone to store limited amounts of data, such as phone numbers and text messages. Yes, GSM 850 / 900 / 1800 / 1900. Yes, HSDPA 850 / 900 / 1900 / 2100. Display Technology => A number of display technologies and types used in mobile phones => TFT (Thin Film Transistor), IPS (In-Place Switching), OLED (Organic Light Emitting Diode), AMOLED (Active-Matrix Organic Light-Emitting Diode), Super AMOLED (an even advanced version of AMOLED), Resistive Touchscreen (Resistive touchscreens contain two layer of conductive material with a very small gap between them which acts as a resistance), Capacitive Touchsceen (Capacitive touchscreen technology consists of a layer of glass coated with a transparent conductor). Display Colors is refers to the number of different shades of colors that the screen is capable of displaying => 64K colors, 256K colors and 16 million colors, Obviously 16M is highest available range of colors and better than others. Pixel Density (PPI) is refers to the concentration of pixels on a particular display, measured in pixels per inch (ppi). Pixel density is calculated by dividing the diagonal pixel resolution of a display by its diagonal size, higher pixel density better display quality. Camera is able to capture photographs and usually videos, The most important characteristics of a camera are the resolution (measured in megapixels), lens focus type (fixed or automatic), higher megapixel cameras are known to capture higher quality photos, but not always a good measurement of the photos quality. Flash Light => There is commonly two types of flash lights are used in camera mobile phones, LED Flash (LED flash offers lower power consumption with drive circuitry that takes up very little room, LEDs can be strobed faster than any other light source), Xenon Flash (xenon flash produces an extremely intense full-spectrum white light for a very short duration). OS => Every computer system run on a base software called Operating System (OS). Operating System controls all basic operations of the computer (such as smartphone, PDAs, tablet computers and other handheld devices). The Operating System allows the user to install and run third party applications (apps), apps are used to add new functionality to the device. Java for Mobile Devices is a set of technologies that let developers deliver applications and services to all types of mobile handsets, ranging from price efficient feature-phones to the latest smartphones. Java is currently running on over 3 billion phones worldwide, and growing. It offers unrivaled potential for the distribution and monetization of mobile applications. Youtube is a popular free video-sharing website, Youtube is the largest video sharing site in the world, Millions of users around the world have created accounts on the site that allow them to upload videos that anyone can watch. Facebook is a popular free social networking website that allows registered users to create profiles, upload photos and video, send messages and keep in touch with friends, family and colleagues. The site is available in 37 different languages.. Chipset is a group of integrated circuits designed to perform one or a more dedicated functions, often with real time computing constraints, Popular smartphones are equipped with more advanced embedded chipsets that can do many different tasks depending on their programming. CPU (Central Processing Unit) mostly known as processors, CPU processes instructions in order to carry out certain functions that make your device operate properly. Processors are often described as the brain of computers, smartphones and tablets, Smartphones and tablets rely on processors to carry out their every task, Processors are an incredibly important factor in selecting any type of computing device, including your smartphone. GPU (Graphics Processing Unit) is a single-chip processor designed to rapidly manipulate and alter memory to accelerate the creation of images in a frame buffer intended for output to a display, This includes things such as lighting effects, object transformations, and 3D motion. RAM (Random Access Memory) is a type of computer memory that can be accessed randomly, any byte of memory can be accessed without touching the preceding bytes that allows information to be stored and accessed quickly from random locations. RAM is the most common type of memory found in computer systems, smartphones, tablets and other electronic devices. Internal Storage is a data storage space (flash memory) mostly used in smartphones, tablets and other electronic devices where operating system, apps, music, photos, videos, files and other user data Is stored. Memory Card Slot is a special slot for inserting a memory card. Memory cards allow you to expand the phone's built-in memory, A memory card (sometimes called a flash memory card or a storage card) is a small storage medium used to store data such as text, pictures, audio, and video, for use on small, portable or remote computing devices such as mobile phones, mp3 players, digital cameras. Sensors are electronic components that detects and responds to some type of input from the physical environment. The specific input could be light, heat, motion, moisture, pressure and location, The output is generally a signal that is converted to use in computing systems, a location sensor, such as a GPS receiver is able to detect current location of your electronic device.. Bluetooth is a wireless communications technology for exchanging data between mobile phones, headsets, computers and other network devices over short distances without wires, Bluetooth technology was primarily designed to support simple wireless networking of personal consumer devices. Infrared connectivity is an old wireless technology used to connect two electronic devices. It uses a beam of infrared light to transmit information and so requires direct line of sight and operates only at close range. Wi-Fi is a popular wireless networking technology using radio waves to provide high-speed network connections that allows devices to communicate without cords or cables, Wi-Fi is increasingly becoming the preferred mode of internet connectivity all over the world. GPS The Global Positioning System is a satellite-based radio navigation system, GPS permits users to determine their position, velocity and the time 24 hours a day, in all weather, anywhere in the world, In order to locate your position, your device or GPS receiver must have a clear view of the sky. NFC (Near field communication) is a set of standards for smartphones and similar devices to establish peer-to-peer radio communications with each other by touching them together or bringing them into proximity, usually no more than a few inches. HDMI (High-Definition Multimedia Interface) is a compact audio/video interface for transferring uncompressed video data and compressed or uncompressed digital audio data from a HDMI-compliant source device to a compatible computer monitor, video projector, digital television, or digital audio device. Wireless Charging (Inductive Charging) uses an electromagnetic field to transfer energy between two objects. This is usually done with a charging station. Energy is sent through an inductive coupling to an electrical device, which can then use that energy to charge batteries or run the device. GPRS (General Packet Radio Service) is a packet oriented mobile data service on the 2G and 3G cellular communication system's global system for mobile communications (GSM), Generally, GPRS is used for the purpose of wireless data transfer, such as sharing pictures and videos or browsing the Internet via a mobile phone connection. EDGE (Enhanced Data GSM Environment) is a wireless network technology generally considered the next step in the 2G network offers data transfer rates up to four times faster than ordinary GSM networks, Generally, EDGE is used for the purpose of wireless data transfer, such as sharing pictures and videos or browsing the Internet via a mobile phone connection. Web Browser => a web browser is a software application used to locate, retrieve and display content on the World Wide Web, including Web pages, images, video and other files, The primary function of a web browser is to render HTML, the code used to design or markup webpages.. SMS (Short Messaging Service) is a text messaging service component of phone, Web, or mobile communication systems. It uses standardized communications protocols to allow mobile phone devices to exchange short text messages over the networks. MMS (Multimedia Messaging Service) is a standard way to send messages that include multimedia content (audio clips, video clips and images) to and from mobile phones over wireless networks using the WAP protocol. Email (Electronic Mail) is a system for receiving, sending, and storing electronic messages, Similar to a letter, email is text messages that may contain files, images, or other attachments sent via the internet to a recipient by using applications and software prograps. An email address is required to receive email, and that address is unique to the user. IM (Instant Messaging) is an exchange of text messages through a software application, it enable you to create a kind of private chat room with another individual in order to communicate in real time over the Internet.. Battery Type => Cell phones run on various kinds of batteries depending on the manufacturer, phone size or shape and features. There are basically four types of cell phone batteries => Lithium Polymer, Lithium Ion, Nickel Metal Hydride and Nickel Cadmium. Battery Capacity is a measure (typically in Amp-hr) of the charge stored by the battery, and is determined by the mass of active material contained in the battery. The battery capacity represents the maximum amount of energy that can be extracted from the battery under certain conditions. The overall rating is based on the review by our experts.. Be the first to add a Review. What do you feel about Design and build quality of this device?. Screen size, image quality (brightness, colors, contrast, etc), visibility in sun light, angles of view and touchscreen. Usability of Camera interface, image and video quality in different light conditions and environment. Music and video players, playback quality, speaker sound and handsfree options. What do you feel about the features of this device, is these enough for you in everyday life?. Bluetooth, Wi-fi connectivity, data trnasfer speed, internet browsing and interfaces. When you call someone, what is the voice quality you hear or vice versa, is speakerphone working good during calls. What do you feel about usability and speed of UI (user interface), messaging, calling, contacts management, call history, notifications and internet browsing?. Is this device perform good while watching videos, playing games, taking snapshots, browsing internet and navigate through other applications?. What about battery life, while calling, listening music, watching videos, playing games and doing other tasks. 6 / 10 based on your selection. Please post a user review only if you have / had this product.. We provide you with the latest news, reviews, comparison, price and videos straight from the mobile world.. OPPO Claim Centers in Pakistan – OFFICIAL. Sony Xperia Official Stores in Pakistan. Sony to launch Xperia XA2, XA2 Ultra, and Xperia L2 in.... POPULAR CATEGORY News 313 Local 276 Global 235 Trending 223 Social 46 Reviews 8. OPPO Claim Centers in Pakistan – OFFICIAL. 
Home All Brands Top 10 Mobile Phones Latest News Latest Mobiles Phones Upcoming Mobiles Phones Model Finder Technology Blog. BLU Studio Mega (Full Device Specifications). » Specifications » 360° View » Pictures » Photo Quality. BLU Studio Mega Officially Announced :. Black , Gold , Rose Gold Price : --- 6.3 out of 10. : ( 56 Ratings). BLU Studio Mega Release June 2017, weight 196g, 6” IPS LCD Capacitive TouchScreen , 8.0 MP Camera, Bluetooth 4.1,Wi-Fi Price in February 2018. GSM 850 , GSM 900 , GSM 1800 , GSM 1900 GSM 3G Bands :. HSDPA 850 , HSDPA 1700 , HSDPA 1900 , HSDPA 2100 Operating System :. Quad Core Processor Processor Speed :. 1 GB Memory Card Slot :. 166 x 84 x 8 mm , Exactly 166.2 x 83.9 x 9.5 mm Slim/Thin :. 9 mm , (9.5 mm Thin) Weight :. Accelerometer , Ambient Light , Proximity Sensor Dedicated Keys :. Volume , Power Device Security :. Device Password Lock , Device Pattern Lock , Slide Lock , PIN code Lock. IPS LCD Capacitive TouchScreen , (OGS Technology) Display Colors :. 16M Colors Pixel density range :. 201 to 275 ppi , (~245 ppi Pixel Density) Screen Resolution :. 720 x 1280 pixels (HD) Display Size :. 6 Inch Screen To Body Ratio :. 71 to 80 Percent , (~71.1% screen-to-body-ratio) Multi Touch Support :. Yes Ringtone or Alert Type :. Vibration , MP3 ringtones , MIDI , WAV. 8.0 MP , 3264 x 2448 Pixels Camera Flash LED :. 5.0 MP Front Camera Flash :. Yes , (Single LED Flash) Geo-Tagging :. With 1080p 3G or Video Call :. With Wireless Connection Video Quality :. Autofocus , Gesture Shot , Voice Capture , Face Beauty , HDR , Smile detection , Face Detection , Self timer , Touch focus , Low Light Mode. WAV , AAC+ , OGG , FLAC , MIDI , WMA , MP3 , AMR , AAC , eAAC+ Video Format :. 3GP , MP4 , FLV , WMV , xVID , AVI , MKV , H.264 , H.263 3.5mm Headphone Jack :. WAP , HTML , HTML5 WiFi Support :. Wi-Fi 802.11 b/g/n , WiFi Direct Hot Spot :. microUSB 2.0 NFC (Near Field Communication) :. Calculator , Notes , To-do list , Google Apps, BLU Help, Amazon App Store. SMS , MMS , Email , Push Mail , IM , Hangouts GPS Tracking :. Li-Ion 2500 mAh Quick Charge :. 210 Hrs , (Unofficial) Talk Time :. 7 Hrs , (Unofficial) Music Playback :. Up to 12 Hrs Video Playback :. Dual Sim(Dual Standby) Aluminum Metal Body Design Soft & Sandstone Pattern Finish Back Cover Compatible With USA Carrier Networks Social Networkin Services & Apps Rounded Edges. BLU Studio Mega Handset Battery 2500 mAh Detachable Charger Micro USB Cable 3.5 mm Earphone User Manual Warranty Card Screen Protector Protective Case. » Full Specifications » User Opinions & Review » Compare » Pictures » 360° View » Related Phones » Review » Related News » User Manual » Photo Quality » Video Quality Tweet Popularity and Rating Rate this Mobile Phone Design. 0 1 2 3 4 5 Features. 0 1 2 3 4 5 Performance. 0 1 2 3 4 5. Categories » 4G VoLTE Mobiles » Apple iOS Mobiles » Android 4G » Dual Camera Phone » Dual Sim Mobiles » Android Smartphone » Dual OS Smartphone » Android Dual Sim » Android One » Android CDMA » Tablet » Android Tablet » Windows 4G » Windows Mobiles » Windows Tablet » Smartphone » CDMA Phone » GSM & CDMA Phone » Dual OS Tablets » Dual SIM Qwerty » Ubuntu Tablet » Ubuntu Mobiles » Basic Dual Sim » Basic Phone » Qwerty Phones » Touch & Type » Triple Sim Mobile » Slide phones » Android Camera Top Brands » Samsung » Apple » Nokia » Google » Lenovo » Motorola » BlackBerry » Huawei » HTC » Alcatel » OnePlus » LG » Asus » Xiaomi » ZTE » Micromax » Oppo » Karbonn » Vivo » Acer » Intex » BLU » Gionee » Vodafone » Lava » All Brands. LG V30S+ ThinQ LG V30S ThinQ ZTE Blade V9 Vita Nokia 7 Plus Nokia 8 Sirocco Nokia 1 Samsung Galaxy S9+ SM-G965 Samsung Galaxy S9 SM-G960. LG V30S+ ThinQ LG V30S ThinQ ZTE Blade V9 Vita Nokia 7 Plus. BLU Studio Mega Announced February 2018, weight 158g, 6” OLED Capacitive Touch Screen, 16 MP Camera, Bluetooth 5.0,Wi-Fi Price in February 2018 View Full Specifications | Unboxing Pictures | Manual Download | 360 View. BLU Studio Mega Announced February 2018, weight 158g, 6” OLED Capacitive Touch Screen, 16 MP Camera, Bluetooth 5.0,Wi-Fi Price in February 2018 View Full Specifications | Unboxing Pictures | Manual Download | 360 View. BLU Studio Mega Announced February 2018, weight 145g, 5.45” IPS LCD Capacitive TouchScreen, 13 MP Camera, Bluetooth 4.1,Wi-Fi Price in February 2018 View Full Specifications | Unboxing Pictures | Manual Download | 360 View. BLU Studio Mega Announced February 2018, weight 155g, 6” IPS LCD Capacitive TouchScreen, 12 MP Camera, Bluetooth 5.0,Wi-Fi Price in February 2018 View Full Specifications | Unboxing Pictures | Manual Download | 360 View. Home | Privacy Policy. 
FREE SHIPPING TO THE UNITED STATES. Skinomi TechSkin™ for BLU Studio Mega. Home // Shop By Category // Cell Phones // BLU // BLU Studio Mega. Skinomi.com provides BLU Studio Mega accessories and protective solutions. Our arsenal of protective films offer a durable alternative to bulky BLU Studio Mega hard cases. These films include BLU Studio Mega Screen Protectors and BLU Studio Mega Skin Protectors. TechSkin is the best solution for maximum scratch protection for your device. It is the toughest scratch protection film in the world made of the same material used to protect luxury cars, military aircrafts and NASA space shuttles. TechSkin has the ability to resist some of the highest level of abrasion combined with "self healing" capabilities. This advancement in protection technology will keep your BLU Studio Mega looking new and stunning. Skinomi prides itself as a provider of top quality products that entail impeccable customer service. We are committed to exceed our customers' expectations with our product innovation, fast order processing, and unrivaled support. Through constant research and development, our team is dedicated in bringing you the best BLU Studio Mega Screen Protector and BLU Studio Mega Skin Protector in the market.. itemId=sk31328-studio-mega-phone-screen-protector|~|priceRange=1|~|color=|~|size=|~|orderable=T|~|call-to-order=|~|call-for-price=|~|hasOptions=F|~|isOrganic=F|~|isNew=F|~|bestseller=|~|name=BLU Studio Mega TechSkin Screen Protector|~|brand=|~|rating=0|~|ratingCount=0|~|price=7.85|~|priceReg=7.85|~|priceSale=|~|image=https://sep.yimg.com/ay/yhst-38148694942392/blu-studio-mega-techskin-screen-protector-24.gif BLU Studio Mega TechSkin Screen Protector. itemId=sk31329-studio-mega-phone-skin-protector|~|priceRange=1|~|color=|~|size=|~|orderable=T|~|call-to-order=|~|call-for-price=|~|hasOptions=F|~|isOrganic=F|~|isNew=F|~|bestseller=|~|name=BLU Studio Mega TechSkin Full Body Skin Protector|~|brand=|~|rating=0|~|ratingCount=0|~|price=15.95|~|priceReg=15.95|~|priceSale=|~|image=https://sep.yimg.com/ay/yhst-38148694942392/blu-studio-mega-techskin-full-body-skin-protector-36.gif BLU Studio Mega TechSkin Full Body Skin Protector. itemId=sk31330-studio-mega-phone-black-carbon-protector|~|priceRange=1|~|color=|~|size=|~|orderable=T|~|call-to-order=|~|call-for-price=|~|hasOptions=F|~|isOrganic=F|~|isNew=F|~|bestseller=|~|name=BLU Studio Mega TechSkin Black Carbon Fiber Skin|~|brand=|~|rating=0|~|ratingCount=0|~|price=15.95|~|priceReg=15.95|~|priceSale=|~|image=https://sep.yimg.com/ay/yhst-38148694942392/blu-studio-mega-techskin-black-carbon-fiber-skin-36.gif BLU Studio Mega TechSkin Black Carbon Fiber Skin. itemId=sk31331-studio-mega-phone-silver-carbon-protector|~|priceRange=1|~|color=|~|size=|~|orderable=T|~|call-to-order=|~|call-for-price=|~|hasOptions=F|~|isOrganic=F|~|isNew=F|~|bestseller=|~|name=BLU Studio Mega TechSkin Silver Carbon Fiber Skin|~|brand=|~|rating=0|~|ratingCount=0|~|price=15.95|~|priceReg=15.95|~|priceSale=|~|image=https://sep.yimg.com/ay/yhst-38148694942392/blu-studio-mega-techskin-silver-carbon-fiber-skin-36.gif BLU Studio Mega TechSkin Silver Carbon Fiber Skin. itemId=sk31332-studio-mega-phone-gold-carbon-protector|~|priceRange=1|~|color=|~|size=|~|orderable=T|~|call-to-order=|~|call-for-price=|~|hasOptions=F|~|isOrganic=F|~|isNew=F|~|bestseller=|~|name=BLU Studio Mega TechSkin Gold Carbon Fiber Skin|~|brand=|~|rating=0|~|ratingCount=0|~|price=15.95|~|priceReg=15.95|~|priceSale=|~|image=https://sep.yimg.com/ay/yhst-38148694942392/blu-studio-mega-techskin-gold-carbon-fiber-skin-36.gif BLU Studio Mega TechSkin Gold Carbon Fiber Skin. itemId=sk31333-studio-mega-phone-pink-carbon-protector|~|priceRange=1|~|color=|~|size=|~|orderable=T|~|call-to-order=|~|call-for-price=|~|hasOptions=F|~|isOrganic=F|~|isNew=F|~|bestseller=|~|name=BLU Studio Mega TechSkin Pink Carbon Fiber Skin|~|brand=|~|rating=0|~|ratingCount=0|~|price=15.95|~|priceReg=15.95|~|priceSale=|~|image=https://sep.yimg.com/ay/yhst-38148694942392/blu-studio-mega-techskin-pink-carbon-fiber-skin-36.gif BLU Studio Mega TechSkin Pink Carbon Fiber Skin. itemId=sk31334-studio-mega-phone-dark-wood-protector|~|priceRange=1|~|color=|~|size=|~|orderable=T|~|call-to-order=|~|call-for-price=|~|hasOptions=F|~|isOrganic=F|~|isNew=F|~|bestseller=|~|name=BLU Studio Mega TechSkin Dark Wood Skin|~|brand=|~|rating=0|~|ratingCount=0|~|price=15.95|~|priceReg=15.95|~|priceSale=|~|image=https://sep.yimg.com/ay/yhst-38148694942392/blu-studio-mega-techskin-dark-wood-skin-36.gif BLU Studio Mega TechSkin Dark Wood Skin. itemId=sk31335-studio-mega-phone-light-wood-protector|~|priceRange=1|~|color=|~|size=|~|orderable=T|~|call-to-order=|~|call-for-price=|~|hasOptions=F|~|isOrganic=F|~|isNew=F|~|bestseller=|~|name=BLU Studio Mega TechSkin Light Wood Skin|~|brand=|~|rating=0|~|ratingCount=0|~|price=15.95|~|priceReg=15.95|~|priceSale=|~|image=https://sep.yimg.com/ay/yhst-38148694942392/blu-studio-mega-techskin-light-wood-skin-36.gif BLU Studio Mega TechSkin Light Wood Skin. itemId=sk31336-studio-mega-phone-brushed-steel-protector|~|priceRange=1|~|color=|~|size=|~|orderable=T|~|call-to-order=|~|call-for-price=|~|hasOptions=F|~|isOrganic=F|~|isNew=F|~|bestseller=|~|name=BLU Studio Mega TechSkin Brushed Steel Skin|~|brand=|~|rating=0|~|ratingCount=0|~|price=15.95|~|priceReg=15.95|~|priceSale=|~|image=https://sep.yimg.com/ay/yhst-38148694942392/blu-studio-mega-techskin-brushed-steel-skin-36.gif BLU Studio Mega TechSkin Brushed Steel Skin. itemId=sk31337-studio-mega-phone-brushed-aluminum-protector|~|priceRange=1|~|color=|~|size=|~|orderable=T|~|call-to-order=|~|call-for-price=|~|hasOptions=F|~|isOrganic=F|~|isNew=F|~|bestseller=|~|name=BLU Studio Mega TechSkin Brushed Aluminum Skin|~|brand=|~|rating=0|~|ratingCount=0|~|price=15.95|~|priceReg=15.95|~|priceSale=|~|image=https://sep.yimg.com/ay/yhst-38148694942392/blu-studio-mega-techskin-brushed-aluminum-skin-36.gif BLU Studio Mega TechSkin Brushed Aluminum Skin. itemId=sk31328-matte-studio-mega-phone-screen-protector|~|priceRange=1|~|color=|~|size=|~|orderable=T|~|call-to-order=|~|call-for-price=|~|hasOptions=F|~|isOrganic=F|~|isNew=F|~|bestseller=|~|name=BLU Studio Mega MatteSkin Screen Protector|~|brand=|~|rating=0|~|ratingCount=0|~|price=7.85|~|priceReg=7.85|~|priceSale=|~|image=https://sep.yimg.com/ay/yhst-38148694942392/blu-studio-mega-matteskin-screen-protector-24.gif BLU Studio Mega MatteSkin Screen Protector. itemId=sk31329-matte-studio-mega-phone-skin-protector|~|priceRange=1|~|color=|~|size=|~|orderable=T|~|call-to-order=|~|call-for-price=|~|hasOptions=F|~|isOrganic=F|~|isNew=F|~|bestseller=|~|name=BLU Studio Mega MatteSkin Full Body Skin Protector|~|brand=|~|rating=0|~|ratingCount=0|~|price=15.95|~|priceReg=15.95|~|priceSale=|~|image=https://sep.yimg.com/ay/yhst-38148694942392/blu-studio-mega-matteskin-full-body-skin-protector-30.gif BLU Studio Mega MatteSkin Full Body Skin Protector. Our Latest Designs: Nokia Lumia 635/630 , LG G2 Mini , Samsung Gear Live , LG G Watch , Pantech Vybe , Alacatel OneTouch POP 7 , Samsung Galaxy Tab S 10.5 , Samsung Galaxy Tab S 8.4 , OnePlus One , Microsoft Surface Pro 3 , Kyocera Hydro Icon. Cell Phones Tablets & E-Readers MP3 Players Gaming Devices Wrist Watches Digital Cameras GPS Laptops Mice & Keyboards Miscellaneous Devices Carbon Fiber Skins Natural Wood Skins Brushed Metal Skins TECH GLASS iPhone X Google Pixel 2 Google Pixel 2 XL Galaxy S8 Plus (S8+) Galaxy S8 Fire 7 (2017, Kids Edition Compatible) Nintendo Switch ZTE Quartz (SmartWatch) HTC U11 Fitbit Blaze LG G6 Apple iPhone 7 Plus Fitbit Charge 2 Garmin Vivoactive HR iPad Pro 12.9 (2017) Fitbit Alta HR Apple iPad (9.7",2017) Samsung Gear S3 Frontier (SM-R760,46mm) LG V20 Samsung Galaxy S7 Blackberry KEYone BlackBerry DTEK50 Apple Watch 42mm Series 2 Apple Watch Series 2 38mm OnePlus 5 Galaxy J7 (2017, US Version) Moto Z2 Play Samsung Galaxy J5 (2017) Huawei Watch 2 Sport Garmin Fenix 5x. Please Select Acer Aiptek Airo Wireless Altek Amazon Alcatel Apple Archos Arnova Asus Audiovox Barnes And Noble BenQ Siemens BlackBerry Canon Casio Cisco Creative Cricket Danger Hiptop Dell DigiLife D-Link DoCoMo Epson Eten Flip Fujifilm Garmin GE General Mobile Gigabyte Gigaware Glofiish Handspring Hasselblad Helio HP HTC Huawei iFOE i-Mate INQ JVC Kobo Kodak Konica Kyocera Latte Leica Lenovo LG Magellan Microsoft Mio Motorola MSI Nikon Nintendo Nokia O2 Olympus Openmoko Orange Palm Panasonic PanDigital Pantech Pentax Pocket PC Polaroid Qwest Ricoh Samsung Sanyo Saygus Sealife Sharp Siemens SK Telesys Sky Slacker Sony Sony Ericsson Terrestar Toshiba UTStarcom Velocity Micro Vertu Verzo ViewBook ViewSonic Vizio Uncategorized ZTE. Join Our Mailing List & Stay Up-to-Date. Get Exclusive Offers & New Product Updates.. Website design by Solid Cactus. 
more ... more .... more ... more .... BLU Studio Mega vs BLU Grand XL LTE Size compare. Device type Smart phone Smart phone. Dimensions 6.54 x 3.30 x 0.37 inches (166.2 x 83.9 x 9.5 mm) 6.20 x 3.10 x 0.33 inches (157.6 x 78.8 x 8.5 mm). Weight 6.91 oz (196 g) the average is 5.6 oz (159 g) 6.42 oz (182 g) the average is 5.6 oz (159 g). Materials Main body: Aluminum Main body: Aluminum. Colors Black, Gold, Pink Black, Gold, Silver, Pink. Physical size 6.0 inches 5.5 inches. Resolution 720 x 1280 pixels 720 x 1280 pixels. Features Ambient light sensor, Proximity sensor Ambient light sensor, Proximity sensor. Pixel density - The pixel density of a display represents the number of pixels over an area of one inch. It’s measured in “pixels per inch”, or ppi. The higher the number, the more detailed and good-looking the display is.. Technology - There are two main screen technologies currently used in phones and tablets: LCD and AMOLED. The former usually features a light source and liquid crystals, while the latter is based on organic light-emitting diodes. Newer LCD variations like IPS-LCD and Super-LCD allow for very accurate color reproduction and very wide viewing angles, where no significant image quality loss is observed. Current AMOLED screens differ in such a way that they can exhibit much more saturated colors (sometimes too much) and incredibly high contrast levels, which is due to black color being completely black in AMOLED displays.. Screen-to-body ratio - Shows what part of the frontal area of a phone its screen occupies.. Software Features Geo tagging Geo tagging. Camcorder 1920x1080 (1080p HD) (30 fps) Yes. Features Video calling, Video sharing Video calling, Video sharing. Front-facing camera 5 megapixels 8 megapixels. Quad-core, 1300 MHz, ARM Cortex-A7, 32-bit, 28 nm Quad-core, 1300 MHz, ARM Cortex-A53, 64-bit, 28 nm. 1 GB RAM 2 GB RAM. up to 64 GB up to 64 GB. System chip - Most modern handsets use an advanced chip that includes many of the device’s hardware modules like the processor, Wi-Fi, Bluetooth and sometimes even the wireless radio. This field shows what particular system chip (or System-on-a-Chip) is used in the phone.. Processor - The processor is the main computing component of a phone and is a major factor when it comes to the overall speed of the device. Some more powerful smartphones use dual-core and quad-core processors designed to deliver greater performance.. Graphics processor - The graphics processor is important for the smooth operation of the system and especially in games and other applications that may involve complex graphics and animations.. System memory - System memory, or RAM memory is the type of memory that the device uses to temporarily store data from the OS or currently-running apps. The more RAM available to the device, the better the performance will be when multiple or heavier programs are running.. Built-in storage - Bigger storage capacity allows you to keep more content saved onto your device, such as more applications, photos or video. Games and video content typically take up the biggest amount of storage space.. Storage expansion - Some handsets allow you to expand their storage capacity by using a memory expansion card – most often microSD. Expansion memory is mostly suitable for media storage, such as photo, video or music content.. Capacity - The bigger, the better! However, battery capacity is not the only factor that has an effect on battery life. Those include the chipset in use, the software running on the device, as well as the consumer's unique usage pattern.. Screen mirroring Wireless screen share Wireless screen share. Filter by Album, Artist, Genre, Playlists Album, Artist, Genre, Playlists. Features Album art cover, Background playback Album art cover, Background playback. GSM 850, 900, 1800, 1900 MHz 850, 900, 1800, 1900 MHz. UMTS 850, 900, 1700/2100, 1900, 2100 MHz 850, 900, 1700/2100, 1900, 2100 MHz. Bands 1, 2, 3, 4, 7, 12, 17, 28. Other features Voice dialing, Voice commands, Voice recording Voice dialing, Voice commands, Voice recording. Wi-Fi 802.11 b, g, n 802.11 b, g, n. Features Mass storage device, USB charging Mass storage device, USB charging. Navigation Turn-by-turn navigation, Voice navigation Turn-by-turn navigation, Voice navigation. Other VoIP, Tethering, Computer sync, OTA sync VoIP, Tethering, Computer sync, OTA sync. Positioning - This field shows the positioning systems supported by the device. The most common types are GPS and A-GPS.. GPS - This is one of the most widespread global positioning technologies, developed and maintained by the U.S. It uses satellites in order to detect your location. A-GPS - A-GPS stands for Assisted GPS and is the industry standard for positioning and navigation. “Assisted” means that it can use local wireless networks, in addition to satellites, for quicker and more precise localization.. FCC ID value: YHLBLUGDXLLTE link. FCC approval - The Federal Communications Commission (FCC) is an independent United States government agency, directly responsible to Congress. The FCC was established by the Communications Act of 1934 and is charged with regulating interstate and international communications by radio, television, wire, satellite and cable. The FCC's jurisdiction covers the 50 states, the District of Columbia, and U.S. Every wireless phone device that is sold in the U.S. has to be tested and approved for sale by the FCC.. Date approved - Shows the date when the particular phone is approved by the Federal Communications Commission. FCC measured SAR - Working closely with federal health and safety agencies, such as the Food and Drug Administration (FDA), the FCC has adopted limits for safe exposure to radiofrequency (RF) energy. These limits are given in terms of a unit referred to as the Specific Absorption Rate (SAR), which is a measure of the amount of radio frequency energy absorbed by the body when using a mobile phone. The FCC requires cell phone manufacturers to ensure that their phones comply with these objective limits for safe exposure. Any cell phone at or below these SAR levels (that is, any phone legally sold in the U.S.) is a "safe" phone, as measured by these standards. The FCC limit for public exposure from cellular telephones is an SAR level of 1.6 watts per kilogram (1.6 W/kg).. To see the full specifications with in-depth details click here.. $99 Buy. $105 Buy. $90 Buy. Samsung Galaxy A8 (2018) Review 6.5. Sony Xperia XA2 and Xperia XA2 Ultra Review 7.8. Huawei Mate 10 Lite Review 8. Jabra Elite 65t wireless earphones Review 8.5. Samsung Galaxy Note 3 vs Samsung Galaxy Note 2. LG V30 Review 8.8. The Samsung Galaxy S9 and S9+ have game-changing cameras with variable aperture and 960fps slow-mo video recording. The Big Barcelona Camera Comparison: iPhone X vs Pixel 2 XL vs Note 8. Samsung Galaxy S9 and S9+ rumor review: Specs, design, features, price and release date. Sony presents Xperia XZ2 and XZ2 Compact: new design and Snapdragon 845. Galaxy S9 Exynos edition gets benchmarked against rivals!. Galaxy S9 first camera comparison vs iPhone X, V30, S8. Samsung Galaxy S9 & S9+ hands-on. MWC 2018: top smartphones to expect. Best smartphone you can buy in 2018. Allo is a quality app, but Google isn't giving it a real chance. All content (phone reviews, news, specs, info), design and layouts are Copyright 2001-2018 phoneArena.com. Reproduction in whole or in part or in any form or medium without written permission is prohibited! Privacy. 
BLU Studio Mega The easiest way to keep your BLU Studio Mega safe against chafes, dirt, dust, grime and everyday wear damage is by using an IQ Shield protector. Each protector is precisely designed for your BLU Studio Mega to make certain that all of the required openings are incorporated to keep your device fully operational. The high quality protective film also features a protective UV layer that prevents the protector from turning yellow, allowing it to remain crystal clear. Each protector is invisible to the naked eye and the smooth surface makes it give the impression as if no protector is installed. Each protector can be easily installed and removed just as easily without ever leaving any residue or marks that will damage your device. Included with every IQ Shield protector pack for the BLU Studio Mega is an installation squeegee, a microfiber cleansing cloth, a protector for your device, and a set of detailed instructions to assist you through your installation. All IQ Shield protectors are backed by a lifetime warranty that will replace your protector free of charge should it ever wear or need to be replaced.. BLU Studio Mega LiQuid Shield Screen Protector. BLU Studio Mega LiQuid Shield Full Body Skin Protector. BLU Studio Mega Matte Screen Protector. BLU Studio Mega Matte Full Body Skin Protector. Amazon Apple BlackBerry HTC Huawei Google Kyocera LG Motorola Nokia Samsung Sony ZTE OTHER BRANDS. Amazon E-Books Amazon Phones Amazon Tablets Amazon Set-Top Boxes Amazon Speakers. Apple Laptops Apple mp3 Players Apple Phones Apple Tablets Apple Miscellaneous Apple Watches. HTC Phones HTC Tablets HTC Watches. Huawei Phones Huawei Tablets Huawei Watches. Google Laptops Google Phones Google Tablets Google Misc. LG Phones LG Tablets LG Watches LG Laptops. Motorola Phones Motorola Tablets Motorola Watches. Nokia Phones Nokia Tablets Nokia Watches. Samsung Cameras Samsung Laptops Samsung mp3 Players Samsung Phones Samsung Tablets Samsung Watches Samsung 3D Glasses. Sony Cameras Sony E-Books Sony Laptops Sony Phones Sony Tablets Sony Watches Sony PlayStation Sony PlayStation Portable. ZTE Phones ZTE Tablets ZTE Watches. 
GSMchoice: 305 brands. A D V E R T I S E M E N T. Samsung Huawei LG Nokia Alcatel ZTE Sony Prestigio Asus Lenovo BLU Motorola HTC Sharp Coolpad Xiaomi Sony Ericsson Doogee Fly Oppo Honor i-mobile Intex Apple myPhone Panasonic Vivo Wiko Kyocera Micromax. Data Gallery Tests News Pictures Opinions Questions To your site. BLU 5.0 HD LTE BLU Advance 4.0 BLU Advance 4.0 L BLU Advance 4.0 L2 BLU Advance 4.0 L3 BLU Advance 4.0 M BLU Advance 4.5 BLU Advance A5 BLU Advance A5 LTE BLU Advance A5 Plus LTE BLU Amour BLU Brilliant T400 BLU Brilliant T410 BLU C5 BLU C5 LTE BLU Click T300 BLU Click T310 BLU Cubo Q300 BLU Cubo Q310 BLU Dash BLU Dash 3.5 D160 BLU Dash 3.5 D170 BLU Dash 3.5 D171a BLU Dash 3.5 II BLU Dash 4.0 D270a BLU Dash 4.0 D270i BLU Dash 4.0 D271a BLU Dash 4.0 D271i BLU Dash 4.5 BLU Dash 4.5 D310a BLU Dash 4.5 D310i BLU Dash 5.0 D410a BLU Dash 5.0 D410i BLU Dash 5.0+ BLU Dash 5.5 BLU Dash C Music BLU Dash G BLU Dash JR 3G BLU Dash Jr 4.0 K BLU Dash JR D140 BLU Dash JR D142 BLU Dash JR K BLU Dash JR TV BLU Dash L BLU Dash L2 BLU Dash L3 BLU Dash L3 8G BLU Dash L4 LTE BLU Dash L5 LTE BLU Dash M BLU Dash M2 BLU Dash Music 4.0 D272a BLU Dash Music 4.0 D272i BLU Dash Music JR BLU Dash X BLU Dash X2 BLU Dash XL BLU Dash X LTE BLU Dash X Plus BLU Dash X Plus LTE BLU Deco BLU Deejay T200 BLU Deejay T210 BLU Diamond M BLU Disco2Go II BLU Diva BLU Diva X BLU Dual SIM Lite BLU Energy Diamond BLU Energy Diamond Mini BLU Energy JR BLU Energy M BLU Energy X BLU Energy X 2 BLU Energy XL BLU Energy X LTE BLU Energy X Plus BLU Energy X Plus 2 BLU Ez2Go BLU Flash BLU Gol BLU Grand 5.5 HD BLU Grand 5.5 HD II BLU Grand Energy BLU Grand M BLU Grand M2 BLU Grand M2 LTE BLU Grand Max BLU Grand Mini BLU Grand X BLU Grand XL BLU Grand XL LTE BLU Grand X LTE BLU Janet BLU Janet L BLU Jenny II BLU Jenny T162 BLU Jenny T172 BLU Jenny TV 2.8 BLU Kick BLU Life 8 BLU Life 8 XL BLU Life Mark BLU Life Max BLU Life One BLU Life One LTE BLU Life One M BLU Life One X BLU Life One X2 BLU Life One X2 Mini BLU Life One X3 BLU Life One X 2016 BLU Life One XL BLU Life Play BLU Life Play 2 BLU Life Play mini BLU Life Play S BLU Life Play X BLU Life Pro BLU Life Pure BLU Life Pure mini BLU Life Pure XL BLU Life View BLU Life X8 BLU Life XL 3G BLU Life XL 4G BLU Magic 2 BLU Neo 3.5 BLU Neo 4.5 BLU Neo Energy Mini BLU Neo S220 BLU Neo S230 BLU Neo X BLU Neo X2 BLU Neo XL BLU Neo X LTE BLU Neo X Mini BLU Neo X Plus BLU Neo XT S280 BLU Neo XT S290 BLU Pure View BLU Pure XL BLU Pure XR BLU Quattro 4.5 BLU Quattro 4.5 HD BLU Quattro 5.7 HD BLU R1 HD BLU R1 Plus BLU R2 BLU R2 LTE BLU R2 Plus BLU S1 BLU Samba BLU Samba Mini Q200 BLU Samba Mini Q210 BLU Samba W BLU Selfie BLU Slim TV BLU Smart BLU Spark BLU Speed Q400 BLU Speed Q410 BLU Sport 4.5 BLU Star 4.5 BLU Star 4.5 Design Edition BLU Studio 5.0 BLU Studio 5.0 C BLU Studio 5.0 CE BLU Studio 5.0 C HD BLU Studio 5.0 HD LTE BLU Studio 5.0 II BLU Studio 5.0 K BLU Studio 5.0 LTE BLU Studio 5.0 S BLU Studio 5.0 S II BLU Studio 5.3 D500 BLU Studio 5.3 D510 BLU Studio 5.3 S BLU Studio 5.5 BLU Studio 5.5 C BLU Studio 5.5 HD BLU Studio 5.5 K BLU Studio 5.5S BLU Studio 6.0 HD BLU Studio 6.0 LTE BLU Studio 7.0 BLU Studio 7.0 II BLU Studio 7.0 LTE BLU Studio C BLU Studio C 5+5 BLU Studio C 5+5 LTE BLU Studio C 8+8 BLU Studio C 8+8 LTE BLU Studio C HD BLU Studio C mini BLU Studio C Super Camera BLU Studio Energy BLU Studio Energy 2 BLU Studio G BLU Studio G2 BLU Studio G2 HD BLU Studio G3 BLU Studio G HD BLU Studio G HD LTE BLU Studio G LTE BLU Studio G Max BLU Studio G Mini BLU Studio G Plus BLU Studio G Plus HD BLU Studio J1 BLU Studio J5 BLU Studio J8 BLU Studio J8 LTE BLU Studio J8M LTE BLU Studio Max BLU Studio Mega BLU Studio M HD BLU Studio Mini LTE BLU Studio M LTE BLU Studio One BLU Studio One Plus BLU Studio Pro BLU Studio Selfie BLU Studio Selfie 2 BLU Studio Selfie 3 BLU Studio Selfie LTE BLU Studio Touch BLU Studio View XL BLU Studio X 5 BLU Studio X 6 BLU Studio X8 HD BLU Studio XL BLU Studio XL 2 BLU Studio XL LTE BLU Studio X Mini BLU Studio X Plus BLU Studo J2 BLU Tango BLU Tank 4.5 BLU Tank T180 BLU Tank T190 BLU Tank Xtreme 2.4 BLU Tank Xtreme 4.0 BLU Tank Xtreme 5.0 BLU Tank Xtreme Pro BLU Tattoo BLU Tattoo TV BLU Texting2Go BLU TV2Go BLU TV2Go Lite BLU Vida1 BLU Vivo 4.3 BLU Vivo 4.8 HD D940a BLU Vivo 4.8 HD D940i BLU Vivo 5 BLU Vivo 5 Mini BLU Vivo 5R BLU Vivo 6 BLU Vivo 8 BLU Vivo 8L BLU Vivo Air BLU Vivo Air LTE BLU Vivo IV BLU Vivo One BLU Vivo Selfie BLU Vivo X BLU Vivo XL BLU Vivo XL 2 BLU Win HD BLU Win HD LTE BLU Win JR BLU Win JR LTE BLU Z3 BLU Zoey BLU Zoey 2.4 3G BLU Zoey 3G BLU Zoey II. Dimensions (W x H x D). 166.20 x 83.90 x 9.50 mm. Color / IPS TFT 16M colors 720 x 1280 px. microSD, microSDHC, microSDXC (up to 64 GB). MediaTek MT6580 Processor clock: 1.30 GHz Number of cores: 4. GPU: ARM Mali-400 MP2 500 MHz. A D V E R T I S E M E N T. MPEG4, H.263, H.264 - 30 fps. Display made in BLU Infinite View technology.. If you want to add standard information about this phone to your site please - click here !. A D V E R T I S E M E N T. Popularity chart of BLU Studio Mega. We do our best to present the proper and current information on this page. However, in case of finding any error in the data above please. Sorry, there are no opinions yet.. © 2005 - 2018 PIK Sp. MWC18: Samsung finally reveals the premiere flagships ». MWC18: HMD Global and a lot of new Nokias – including the iconic “banana” ». MWC18: LG presents the LG V30S ThinQ model with artificial intelligence ». MWC18: Three series of Alcatel smartphones - the first launch in Barcelona ». MWC18: Huawei, a genius laptop and multimedia tablets ». Samsung Galaxy S9/S9+ Unpacked - where and how to watch? All Rights Reserved by PIK Sp. Your IP 162.158.179.32 Engine & layout by InterData. 
Our new search experience requires JavaScript to be enabled. Please enable JavaScript on your browser , then try again .. All Categories Antiques Art Baby Books Business & Industrial Cameras & Photo Cell Phones & Accessories Clothing, Shoes & Accessories Coins & Paper Money Collectibles Computers/Tablets & Networking Consumer Electronics Crafts Dolls & Bears DVDs & Movies eBay Motors Entertainment Memorabilia Gift Cards & Coupons Health & Beauty Home & Garden Jewelry & Watches Music Musical Instruments & Gear Pet Supplies Pottery & Glass Real Estate Specialty Services Sporting Goods Sports Mem, Cards & Fan Shop Stamps Tickets & Experiences Toys & Hobbies Travel Video Games & Consoles Everything Else. Hi ( Sign in to bid or buy) Daily Deals Gift Cards Help & Contact Sell. Summary Recently Viewed Bids/Offers Watch List Purchase History Selling Saved Searches Saved Sellers Messages. Refine your search for BLU Studio Mega. All Listings - Current page. results for BLU Studio Mega. Save BLU Studio Mega to get e-mail alerts and updates on your eBay Feed.. Unfollow BLU Studio Mega to stop getting updates on your eBay Feed.. You'll receive email and Feed alerts when new items arrive. Afghanistan - AFG Albania - ALB Algeria - DZA American Samoa - ASM Andorra - AND Angola - AGO Anguilla - AIA Antigua and Barbuda - ATG Argentina - ARG Armenia - ARM Aruba - ABW Australia - AUS Austria - AUT Azerbaijan Republic - AZE Bahamas - BHS Bahrain - BHR Bangladesh - BGD Barbados - BRB Belarus - BLR Belgium - BEL Belize - BLZ Benin - BEN Bermuda - BMU Bhutan - BTN Bolivia - BOL Bosnia and Herzegovina - BIH Botswana - BWA Brazil - BRA British Virgin Islands - VGB Brunei Darussalam - BRN Bulgaria - BGR Burkina Faso - BFA Burma - MMR Burundi - BDI Cambodia - KHM Cameroon - CMR Canada - CAN Cape Verde Islands - CPV Cayman Islands - CYM Central African Republic - CAF Chad - TCD Chile - CHL China - CHN Colombia - COL Comoros - COM Congo, Democratic Republic of the - COD Congo, Republic of the - COG Cook Islands - COK Costa Rica - CRI Cote d Ivoire (Ivory Coast) - CIV Croatia, Republic of - HRV Cyprus - CYP Czech Republic - CZE Denmark - DNK Djibouti - DJI Dominica - DMA Dominican Republic - DOM Ecuador - ECU Egypt - EGY El Salvador - SLV Equatorial Guinea - GNQ Eritrea - ERI Estonia - EST Ethiopia - ETH Falkland Islands (Islas Malvinas) - FLK Fiji - FJI Finland - FIN France - FRA French Guiana - GUF French Polynesia - PYF Gabon Republic - GAB Gambia - GMB Georgia - GEO Germany - DEU Ghana - GHA Gibraltar - GIB Greece - GRC Greenland - GRL Grenada - GRD Guadeloupe - GLP Guam - GUM Guatemala - GTM Guernsey - GGY Guinea - GIN Guinea-Bissau - GNB Guyana - GUY Haiti - HTI Honduras - HND Hong Kong - HKG Hungary - HUN Iceland - ISL India - IND Indonesia - IDN Ireland - IRL Israel - ISR Italy - ITA Jamaica - JAM Japan - JPN Jersey - JEY Jordan - JOR Kazakhstan - KAZ Kenya - KEN Kiribati - KIR Korea, South - KOR Kuwait - KWT Kyrgyzstan - KGZ Laos - LAO Latvia - LVA Lebanon - LBN Liechtenstein - LIE Lithuania - LTU Luxembourg - LUX Macau - MAC Macedonia - MKD Madagascar - MDG Malawi - MWI Malaysia - MYS Maldives - MDV Mali - MLI Malta - MLT Marshall Islands - MHL Martinique - MTQ Mauritania - MRT Mauritius - MUS Mayotte - MYT Mexico - MEX Micronesia - FSM Moldova - MDA Monaco - MCO Mongolia - MNG Montenegro - MNE Montserrat - MSR Morocco - MAR Mozambique - MOZ Namibia - NAM Nauru - NRU Nepal - NPL Netherlands - NLD Netherlands Antilles - ANT New Caledonia - NCL New Zealand - NZL Nicaragua - NIC Niger - NER Nigeria - NGA Niue - NIU Norway - NOR Oman - OMN Pakistan - PAK Palau - PLW Panama - PAN Papua New Guinea - PNG Paraguay - PRY Peru - PER Philippines - PHL Poland - POL Portugal - PRT Puerto Rico - PRI Qatar - QAT Reunion - REU Romania - ROU Russian Federation - RUS Rwanda - RWA Saint Helena - SHN Saint Kitts-Nevis - KNA Saint Lucia - LCA Saint Pierre and Miquelon - SPM Saint Vincent and the Grenadines - VCT San Marino - SMR Saudi Arabia - SAU Senegal - SEN Serbia - SRB Seychelles - SYC Sierra Leone - SLE Singapore - SGP Slovakia - SVK Slovenia - SVN Solomon Islands - SLB Somalia - SOM South Africa - ZAF Spain - ESP Sri Lanka - LKA Suriname - SUR Swaziland - SWZ Sweden - SWE Switzerland - CHE Taiwan - TWN Tajikistan - TJK Tanzania - TZA Thailand - THA Togo - TGO Tonga - TON Trinidad and Tobago - TTO Tunisia - TUN Turkey - TUR Turkmenistan - TKM Turks and Caicos Islands - TCA Tuvalu - TUV Uganda - UGA Ukraine - UKR United Arab Emirates - ARE United Kingdom - UK United States - USA Uruguay - URU Uzbekistan - UZB Vanuatu - VUT Vatican City State - VAT Venezuela - VEN Vietnam - VNM Virgin Islands (U.S) - VIR Wallis and Futuna - WLF Western Sahara - ESH Western Samoa - WSM Yemen - YEM Zambia - ZMB Zimbabwe - ZWE. BLU Studio Mega S610P Unlocked GSM Dual-SIM Android 8MP Phone - Rose Gold. 5 new & refurbished from $89.95. BLU Studio Mega 8GB 6.0" Android 7.0 Dual SIM GSM Factory Unlocked Smartphone. BLU Studio Mega Android Smartphone 6.0" HD Dual SIM 8GB GSM Factory Unlocked. BLU Studio Mega S610P Unlocked GSM Dual-SIM Android 8MP Phone - Rose Gold. BLU Studio Mega S610P Unlocked GSM Dual-SIM Android Phone w/ 8MP Camera - Rose. 5 new & refurbished from $89.95. BLU Studio Mega (8GB) 6.0" XL 3G Android 7.0 Dual SIM GSM Factory Unlocked S610P. BLU Studio Mega S610P Unlocked GSM Dual-SIM Android Phone w/ 8MP Camera - Black. 3 new & refurbished from $84.99. BLU Studio Mega(8GB) Android 7.0 Dual SIM GSM Unlocked BLACK, 1YEAR BLU WARRANTY. BLU Studio Mega S610p Smartphone 6.0" HD Dual SIM 8GB GSM Unlocked NEW GOLD. BLU Studio Mega S610p Smartphone 6.0" HD Dual SIM 8GB GSM Unlocked NEW BLACK. New BLU Studio Mega 8GB 6.0" XL M6 Android 7.0 GSM Factory Unlocked S610P Gold. BLU Studio Mega (8GB) 6.0" XL Android 7.0 Dual SIM GSM Factory Unlocked S610P. 3 new & refurbished from $84.99. BLU Studio Mega 6''HD,8GB,Unlo cked GSM Android phone,1YEAR BLU WARRANTY-GOLD. 4 new & refurbished from $89.95. BLU Studio Mega S610p Smartphone 6.0" HD Dual SIM 8GB GSM Unlocked NEW ROSE GOLD. BLU Studio Mega S610P Unlocked GSM Dual-SIM Android 8MP Phone - Rose Gold. BLU Studio Mega S610P Unlocked GSM Dual-SIM Android 8MP Phone. 3 new & refurbished from $84.99. Blu Studio Mega GSM Unlocked Smartphone. BLU Studio Mega(8GB) Android 7.0 Dual SIM GSM Unlocked BLACK, 1YEAR BLU WARRANTY. BLU Studio Mega 6.0" HD XL (8GB) Android 7.0 Nougat Factory Unlocked Phone S610q. 3 new & refurbished from $84.99. BLU Studio Mega S610P Unlocked GSM Dual-SIM Android 8MP Phone - Gold. 5 new & refurbished from $89.95. BLU Studio Mega S610P Unlocked GSM Dual-SIM Android 8MP Phone - Black. 5 new & refurbished from $89.95. BLU Studio Mega S610P 8GB Unlocked GSM Dual-SIM Android 8MP Phone - Gold. 5 new & refurbished from $89.95. BLU Studio Mega 6''HD,8GB,Unlo cked GSM Android phone,1YEAR BLU WARRANTY-ROSEG OLD. 4 new & refurbished from $89.95. BLU Studio Mega 6''HD,8GB,Unlo cked GSM Android phone,1YEAR BLU WARRANTY-BLACK. 4 new & refurbished from $89.95. BLU Studio G2 8GB GSM Unlocked Dual SIM Android Quad Core Smartphone. BLU Studio XL 2 - 6.0" 4G LTE GSM Unlocked Android Dual Sim GSM Smartphone. BLU Studio J8 LTE Android Cell Phone Unlocked Dual SIM GSM Smartphone. BLU Studio 6.0 HD 4GB Simple Wireless Dual-SIM 8MP Quad-Core Smartphone - White. BLU Studio X8 HD GSM 4GB Factory Unlocked Dual SIM Android Smart Phone Black. BLU Studio G2 Android Unlocked Cell Phone Dual SIM GSM Smartphone. Android Blu Studio G2 HD Cell Phone Unlocked GSM Dual SIM Smartphone. BLU Studio X8 HD GSM 4GB Factory Unlocked Dual SIM Smart Phone White. New Android Phone BLU Studio G Max 5.2" Screen Dual SIM smartphone 8 GB, 1GB RAM. **Brand New** BLU Studio G2 HD S550Q Unlocked GSM Dual SIM Phone - Black. NEW BLU Studio XL2 GOLD 16GB GSM/HSPA/LTE Android Smartphone 4G Quad Core 6". Blu Studio G3 Unlocked Android GSM Cell Phone Dual SIM Smartphone. BLU Studio Pro Unlocked Android Cell Phone GSM Smartphone 8 GB 5.0'' Screen. NEW BLU Studio XL2 ROSE GOLD 16GB GSM/HSPA/LTE Android Smartphone 4G QuaDCore 6". Blu Studio J2 Unlocked Dual SIM Smartphone Android Marshmallow GSM Cell Phone. BLU Studio Selfie 3 S630p 5" Smartphone 8GB GSM Unlocked Dual Sim 8MP Android. BLU Studio Selfie LTE Unlocked Cell Phone 4G LTE Android Dual SIM Smartphone. BLU Studio J8 - 5.5" HD Screen Unlocked Android Smartphone -8GB +1GB RAM Phone. Authorized Dealer, 30-Day Money Back Guarantee. Customs services and international tracking provided. Brand New ! Fast Free Shipping! 12 Month Blu Warranty!. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. USA Seller Fast Shipping Unlocked 1 Year Warranty. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Authorized Dealer, 30-Day Money Back Guarantee. Customs services and international tracking provided. Authorized Dealer, 30-Day Money Back Guarantee. Customs services and international tracking provided. Authorized Dealer, 30-Day Money Back Guarantee. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. 24 HR SALE ONLY, BRAND NEW,1 YEAR MANUFACTURE WARRANTY. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. One Year Warranty | Black, Gold. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. eBay determines this price through a machine learned model of the product's sale prices within the last 90 days.. eBay determines trending price through a machine learned model of the product’s sale prices within the last 90 days. "New" refers to a brand-new, unused, unopened, undamaged item, and "Used" refers to an item that has been used previously.. Top Rated Plus Sellers with highest buyer ratings Returns, money back Ships in a business day with tracking Learn More. Top Rated Plus Sellers with highest buyer ratings Returns, money back Ships in a business day with tracking Learn More. $ Enter minimum price to $ Enter maximum price. Please enter a minimum and/or maximum price before continuing.. Site Map Copyright © 1995-2018 eBay Inc. Accessibility , User Agreement , Privacy , Cookies and AdChoice Norton Secured - powered by Verisign. Number of bids and bid amounts may be slightly out of date. See each listing for international shipping options and costs.. 
Ver todos los videos en YouTube. BLU Studio Mega: Características y especificaciones. El BLU Studio Mega cuenta con una enorme pantalla de 6 pulgadas a resolución HD. Potenciado por un procesador quad-core a 1.3GHz con 1GB de RAM y 8 GB de almacenamiento interno, el Studio Mega tiene una cámara posterior de 8 MP y una frontal de 5 MP con flash LED, batería de 2500 mAh y corre Android 7.0 Nougat.. BLU Studio Mega Características principales. Android 7.0 es el sistema operativo del BLU Studio Mega. , que en cuanto a dimensiones tiene un perfil de 9.5 mm. y un peso de 196 g.. En cuanto a sus características técnicas , el BLU Studio Mega tiene una pantalla de 6" con una resolución de 720 x 1280 pixels.. Dentro del BLU Studio Mega encontramos un procesador Mediatek MT6580 1.3GHz, acompañado de 1GB de memoria RAM.. También cuenta con 8GB de almacenamiento. y la memoria interna puede ser ampliada vía microSD. La cámara trasera del BLU Studio Mega tiene una resolución de 8 MP. , y la energía es provista por una batería de 2500 mAh. .El BLU Studio Mega también tiene Radio FM. Pantalla 6", 720 x 1280 pixels Procesador Mediatek MT6580 1.3GHz 1GB RAM. 8GB, microSD Cámara: 8 MP. OS: Android 7.0 Perfil: 9.5 mm Peso: 196 g. Reviews de usuarios del BLU Studio Mega. No hay experiencias de usuarios del BLU Studio Mega. Flash LED frontal Pantalla grande (6.0"). Poca memoria RAM (1GB) Baja densidad de pixels (245ppi). BLU Studio Mega características avanzadas. Opina sobre el BLU Studio Mega. - GSM 850 / 900 / 1800 / 1900 (SIM 1 & SIM 2) - HSDPA 850 / 1700(AWS) / 1900 / 2100. 166.2 x 83.9 x 9.5 mm. LCD IPS touchscreen capacitivo, 16M colores. 720 x 1280 pixels, 6.0 pulgadas. - Sensor acelerómetro para auto rotación. - Conector de audio 3.5 mm. Entradas y campos prácticamente ilimitados, Foto de llamada. - 1GB RAM, 8GB almacenamiento interno. - Procesador Mediatek MT6580 quad-core 1.3GHz, GPU Mali-400. SMS, MMS, Email, Push Mail, IM. 8 MP, autofocus, flash LED, geo-tagging, foco táctil, detección de rostro y sonrisa, video 1080p@30fps, cámara frontal 5 MP, flash LED. - GPS con soporte A-GPS y GLONASS. - Wi-Fi 802.11 b/g/n; Wi-Fi Direct. - 3G HSDPA 42Mbps / HSUPA 11Mbps. Hasta 750 h (2G) / Hasta 625 h (3G). Hasta 22 h (2G) / Hasta 16 h (3G). Opiniones y Comentarios BLU Studio Mega. No hay opiniones para el BLU Studio Mega. Sé el primero en dejar una opinión sobre el BLU Studio Mega .. Tu experiencia o preguntas sobre el BLU Studio Mega. - Sé preciso en la pregunta sobre el BLU Studio Mega. - Cuenta tus experiencias positivas y negativas. - No insultes, ni uses palabras groseras, si es así probablemente tu opinión se elimine. - Recuerda que smartGSM NO vende móviles ni celulares. Tu opinión vale! Recomienda (o no!) al BLU Studio Mega a otros usuarios. Sony presenta dos nuevos flagships con nuevo lenguaje de diseño: los esperados Sony Xperia XZ2 y Xperia XZ2 Compact. Una alternativa más confiable para desbloquear la pantalla del Samsung Galaxy S9/S9+: Intelligent Scan. Dos propuestas de mediana a baja gama de ZTE: Blade V9 y Blade V9 VITA, dos modelos con ligeras diferencias. Podría ocurrir que se repitan en otro lado, pero las cámaras del Samsung Galaxy S9/S9+ son algo único. Presentación oficial: el Samsung Galaxy S9/S9+ no viene con muchas sorpresas, pero igualmente deslumbra. SmartGSM es una de las comunidades de habla hispana más grandes sobre teléfonos celulares. Fundado en el 2004, smartGSM cubre todas las noticias y novedades sobre telefonía móvil y provee características de teléfonos celulares, smartphones, tablets y wearables. smartGSM cuenta con una comunidad de usuarios que reflejan sus experiencias, opiniones y críticas sobre teléfonos celulares y tablets.. Las especificaciones de los celulares son a título informativo y pueden variar. smartGSM no se responsabiliza del uso de las mismas.. Copyright © 2004 - 2018 smart-gsm.com. 
Site Selections: Account Login, Store Selection, Cart Information. You are currently browsing the products available on our web store. If you would like to choose a store location, please do so below.. CA - Orange County/Tustin CO - Denver/Denver Tech Center GA - Greater Atlanta/Duluth GA - Greater Atlanta/Marietta IL - Chicagoland/Central IL - Chicagoland/Westmont KS - Kansas City/Overland Park MA - Boston/Cambridge MD - Beltway/Rockville MD - Baltimore/Towson MI - Detroit/Madison Heights MN - Twin Cities/St. Louis/Brentwood NJ - North Jersey / Paterson NY - Long Island/Westbury NY - Brooklyn/Gowanus Expy NY - Queens / Flushing NY - Westchester County/Yonkers OH - Central Ohio/Columbus OH - Northeast Ohio/Mayfield Heights OH - Cincinnati/Sharonville PA - Philadelphia/St. Davids TX - Houston TX - Dallas Metroplex/Richardson VA - Northern Virginia/Fairfax Micro Center Web Store. Refurbished Deals options - 6 groups of items - 20 total selections. Clearance options - 2 groups of items - 19 total selections. Hot Ad Deals options - 6 groups of items - 22 total selections. Computers options - 5 groups of items - 22 total selections. Shop Refurbished Systems with full 90 day warranties!. Apple options - 7 groups of items - 16 total selections. Computer Parts options - 10 groups of items - 36 total selections. Save on GeForce 10 Series video cards!. Electronics options - 12 groups of items - 56 total selections. Networking options - 6 groups of items - 26 total selections. Accessories options - 10 groups of items - 52 total selections. Software & Gaming options - 7 groups of items - 37 total selections. Service & Repair options - 3 groups of items - 15 total selections. Help options - 5 groups of items - 21 total selections. > Cell/Cordless Phones & Accessories. BLU Studio Mega S610P GSM Smartphone - Black. Usually ships in 5-7 business days. May not be in stock at time of order. Option# 2 - Most Popular!. Check inventory in a different store. Please select your store CA - Orange County/Tustin CO - Denver/Denver Tech Center GA - Greater Atlanta/Duluth GA - Greater Atlanta/Marietta IL - Chicagoland/Central IL - Chicagoland/Westmont KS - Kansas City/Overland Park MA - Boston/Cambridge MD - Beltway/Rockville MD - Baltimore/Towson MI - Detroit/Madison Heights MN - Twin Cities/St. Louis/Brentwood NJ - North Jersey / Paterson NY - Long Island/Westbury NY - Brooklyn/Gowanus Expy NY - Queens / Flushing NY - Westchester County/Yonkers OH - Central Ohio/Columbus OH - Northeast Ohio/Mayfield Heights OH - Cincinnati/Sharonville PA - Philadelphia/St. Davids TX - Houston TX - Dallas Metroplex/Richardson VA - Northern Virginia/Fairfax Micro Center Web Store ▾. Grand 6 High Definition Display 8 Megapixel Main camera with LED Flash 5 Megapixel Front selfie camera with LED Flash 8GB of Internal Memory and 1GB of RAM Latest and Greatest Android 7.0 Nougat Premium Metal Design. Beautifully and precisely wrapped in aluminum, the STUDIO MEGA provides a solid, yet premium looking smartphone that feels great in the palm of your hand. With a smooth metal back cover protecting the battery, the STUDIO MEGA offers an attractive smartphone design concept.. Volume Up/Down On/Off Lock/Unlock. 850MHz 900MHz 1800MHz 1900MHz. Auto Focus Geo Tagging Face Detection Touch to Focus. Album Art Covers Background Playback. Calendar Alarm Calculator Timer. Flight Mode Voice Dialing Call Waiting. Blu Studio Mega Phone, Manual, Charging Cable. Micro Center 14 Day Return Policy. be credited to the credit card or debit card account used. We guarantee your satisfaction on every product we sell with a full refund — and you won’t even need a receipt.* We want you to be satisfied with your Micro Center purchase. However, if you need help or need to return an item, we’re here for you!. If an item you have purchased from us is not working as expected, please visit one of our in-store Knowledge Experts for free help, where they can solve your problem or even exchange the item for a product that better suits your needs.. If you need to return an item, simply bring it back to any Micro Center store for a full refund or exchange.. *If you are a Micro Center Insider or if you have provided us with validated contact information (name, address, email address), you won’t even need your receipt.. Desktop / notebook computers, tablets, processors, motherboards, digital cameras, camcorders and projectors, 3D printers, and CD/DVD duplicators may be returned within 15 daysof purchase. All other products may be returned within 30 days of purchase. Merchandise must be in new condition, with original carton/UPC, and all packaging/accessories/materials. If you need to return software, a game or a movie, remember that you may not retain any copies — it’s not legal, and it’s not nice. Wireless phones and devices may be returned within 14 days of purchase. When returning a wireless phone or device with a plan, you are responsible for ensuring that your service is cancelled with the carrier. If you don’t cancel your service, you may incur additional charges from your carrier. All carrier charges are your responsibility.. As a service to our customers, Micro Center offers free in-store technical support. Stop in any of our store locations during regular business hours, and our expert staff will answer your computer questions or help you with issues regarding:. If you need help with products purchased from Micro Center, please contact one of our knowledgeable tech support reps using the information below, or visit our tech support website for additional options and helpful information. Tech Support emails are answered within 24 hours. Free assistance is available for the first 90 days on new purchases, excluding internal hardware installations or networking support. Your invoice reference number will be required for free assistance. We accept the following credit cards: Micro Center VISA® credit card with WorldPoints® Rewards; VISA; MasterCard; American Express; Novus/Discover. Learn more about our exclusive Priority Care Program. You'll have access to our in-house Technical Support team of certified technology professionals trained to assist you on a variety of computer related support issues.. May be returned within 14 days of purchase*. + Create a New Wish List. As an email subscriber, you'll have premier access to our best offers, exclusive deals and more.. We guarantee your satisfaction on every product we sell with a full refund - no receipt needed if you have a Micro Center Insider Account.. We're your trusted local service and repair professionals. Work with the latest in computer and digital technology. Search the Micro Center Job Access site to review our latest openings.. 
About Phones BLU Studio Mega. Build / Model Number : Studio Mega S610. SIM : Dual SIM (Micro-SIM, dual stand-by). Screen Display : 6.0 inches,. IPS LCD capacitive touchscreen, 720 x 1280 pixels, 16M colors. OS : Android 7.0 (Nougat). CPU : Quad-core 1.3 GHz. Memory : 1 GB RAM,. 8 GB Internal, microSD, up to 64 GB. Rear Camera : 8 MP (1/4″), autofocus, LED flash. Camera Features : Geo-tagging, face detection, touch focus. Front Camera : 5 MP, LED flash. Battery : Non-removable Li-Po 2500 mAh. Colors : Black, Rose Gold, Gold. -We do our best to present correct and up-to-date information on this page, there is always the possibility of admitting mistakes.. Full Specification : Alcatel Pixi 3 (4.5 inches). Full Specification : Acer Liquid C1. Full Specification : Allview 2 Speed Quad. Full Specification Alcatel OneTouch Pixi 4 (3.5 inches). Full Specification : Allview P8 Energy mini. Full Specification : Alcatel POP 10. Full specification : Alcatel OneTouch fierce 4 (5056N). Privacy & Cookies: This site uses cookies. To find out more, as well as how to remove or block these, see here:. Powered by HostBlast & Automatic. 
Fecha de lanzamiento Junio de 2017. Sistema operativo Android 7.0 Nougat. Tamaño 6 pulgadas 242 Resolución 720 x 1280 px Densidad 245 ppi (pixeles por pulgada) 82. Primaria 8 MP 363 (3264 x 2448 px) Secundaria 5 MP 65 (2560 x 1920 px). Capacidad 2500 mAh 119. SoC Mediatek MT6580 Memoria RAM 1 GB 304 Almacenamiento interno 8 GB 7. Material constructivo Materiales utilizados en la construcción del dispositivo. Micro-SIM (3FF - third form factor, since 2003, 15.00 x 12.00 x 0.76 mm). Doble SIM en reposo (cuando una esté ocupada la otra no estará activa). UMTS 850 MHz UMTS 900 MHz UMTS 1700/2100 MHz UMTS 1900 MHz UMTS 2100 MHz. GSM 850 MHz GSM 900 MHz GSM 1800 MHz GSM 1900 MHz. UMTS (384 kbit/s ) EDGE GPRS HSPA+ (HSUPA 5.76 Mbit/s , HSDPA 21 Mbit/s ). SoC System-on-a-chip o SoC (sistema en chip, también referido como system-on-chip). Memoria caché de nivel 1 (L1). 32 KB + 32 KB (kilobytes). Memoria caché de nivel 2 (L2). Almacenamiento interno Algunos modelos de dispositivos pueden ofrecer diferentes cantidades de memoria interna. 5 V (volts) / 1 A (amps). Área de la pantalla Porcentaje del área frontal total del dispositivo ocupado por la pantalla. Proporción Relación existente entre el alto y el ancho del dispositivo. Foco automático Disparador continuo Zoom digital Geo-etiquetado Permite almacenar en las fotos tomadas su ubicación geográfica. Panorama HDR Foto táctil Detector de rostros White balance settings ISO settings Exposure compensation Temporizador Scene mode. 802.11b (IEEE 802.11b-1999) 802.11g (IEEE 802.11g-2003) 802.11n (IEEE 802.11n-2009) Wi-Fi Hotspot. Sincronización con la computadora OTA sync Anclaje a red (tethering). AAC (Advanced Audio Coding) AMR / AMR-NB / GSM-AMR (Adaptive Multi-Rate, .amr, .3ga) eAAC+ / aacPlus v2 / HE-AAC v2 FLAC (Free Lossless Audio Codec, .flac) MIDI MP3 (MPEG-2 Audio Layer II, .mp3) OGG (.ogg, .ogv, .oga, .ogx, .spx, .opus) WMA (Windows Media Audio, .wma) WAV (Waveform Audio File Format, .wav, .wave). 3GPP (3rd Generation Partnership Project, .3gp) AVI (Audio Video Interleaved, .avi) MP4 (MPEG-4 Part 14, .mp4, .m4a, .m4p, .m4b, .m4r, .m4v) Xvid. La información en este sitio web se proporciona "tal cual como base disponible", sin garantía de ningún tipo. DE CARACTERISTICAS no se hace responsable de las omisiones, imprecisiones u otros errores en la información que publica. Todas las garantías con respecto a esta información se renuncia. Está prohibida la reproducción de cualquier parte de esta página web en su totalidad o en parte o en cualquier forma o medio sin el consentimiento previo por escrito. Las marcas registradas, marcas y logotipos de los fabricantes de dispositivos, software, hardware, etc. son propiedad de sus respectivos dueños.. 
Newegg.com - A great place to buy computers, computer parts, electronics, software, accessories, and DVDs online. With great prices, fast shipping, and top-rated customer service - once you know, you Newegg.. If you are reading this message, Please click this link to reload this page.(Do not use your browser's "Refresh" button). Please email us if you're running the latest version of your browser and you still see this message.. Newegg.com - Computer Parts, Laptops, Electronics, HDTVs, Digital Cameras and More!. TRY NEWEGG PREMIER FOR FREE TODAY!. Free 30-Day Trial when you sign up for a 12-month membership. Free 3-Day-or-sooner expedited shipping on qualifying items.. Add up to four friends to your account so they can enjoy your great Newegg Premier benefits.. Free Returns with No restocking fee. Free shipping on returns and waived restocking fee for qualifying items.. Need quick assistance? Use our private customer service line to help answer any questions or concerns.. Learn More | Sign Up Now. Newegg Mobile Email Deals Daily Deals Marketplace Spotlight Outlet. Shop Exclusive Deals on our Mobile App!. Every week, the Newegg deals team hand-picks intriguing products for you.. Open box, clearance, refurbished and recertified PCs, electronics and more.. STEM Toy & Robot Gift Guide. Are you a startup? Join us.. Search all Computer Systems Components Electronics Gaming Networking Office Solutions Software & Services Automotive & Industrial Home & Tools Health & Sports Apparel & Accessories Hobbies & Toys. Open Box: Images shown are from the NEW version of this item and are for reference only. The actual Open Box product may differ in packaging and included accessories, but has been tested to ensure basic functionality.. BLU Studio Mega Smartphone 6.0" HD Dual SIM 8GB GSM Factory Unlocked S610p Black. Sold and Shipped by Newegg. Purchases from these Sellers are generally covered under our Newegg Marketplace Guarantee .. BLU Studio Mega Smartphone 6.0" HD Dual SIM 8GB GSM Factory Unlocked S610p Black. Grand 6” High Definition Display 8 Megapixel Main camera with LED Flash 5 Megapixel Front selfie camera with LED Flash 8GB of Internal Memory and 1GB of RAM Latest and Greatest Android 7.0 Nougat Premium Metal Design. Beautifully and precisely wrapped in aluminum, the STUDIO MEGA provides a solid, yet premium looking smartphone that feels great in the palm of your hand. With a smooth metal back cover protecting the battery, the STUDIO MEGA offers an attractive smartphone design concept.. Model | Brand Blu Network | Technology 3G Display | Main Display Size 6" Configuration | Operating System Android. Return for refund within: non-refundable Return for replacement within: 30 days. This item is covered by Newegg.com's Non-Contract Cell Phone Return Policy .. Through the Newegg EggXpert Review Program, Newegg invites its best reviewers, known as EggXperts, to post opinions about new and pre-release products to help their fellow customers make informed buying decisions. BLU Studio Mega Smartphone 6.0" HD Dual SIM 8GB GSM Factory Unlocked S610p Black. Please enter a valid email address. We won't share your email with anybody. We'll only use your email to contact you. What's your question? ( 0 /500). BLU Studio Mega Smartphone 6.0" HD Dual SIM 8GB GSM Factory Unlocked S610p Black. Please enter a valid email address. We won't share your email with anybody. We'll only use your email to contact you. What's your question? ( 0 /500). Are you an E-Blast Insider ?. Your request will be processed within the next 24 hours.. Please add "promo@e.newegg.com" to your address book to ensure delivery.. Free 3-day-or-less shipping on eligible items, discounts on 2- or 1-day delivery. Free shipping on returns using labels available on our website. This item is eligible for Newegg Premier benefits. Are you a Newegg Premier Member? If not, sign up today and get:. New : This means the product will ship as received by the manufacturer, sealed, with all advertised components, and with the manufacturer warranty. Refurbished : This means the product was tested and repaired as required to meet the standards of the refurbisher, which may or may not be the original manufacturer. Any exceptions to the condition of the item outside the manufacturer’s information should be provided in the listing, up to and including warranty details. Open Box : Newegg only guarantees your receipt of the Open Box product with the purchase of this item. Any accessories MAY OR MAY NOT be included. Newegg will NOT send you any missing accessories, even if it is required to use all of the item’s functions.Open Box items usually do not come with manufacturer or vendor warranty or technical support. However, warranty support may be available if an item was never registered by a previous owner. Please contact the manufacturer to check. Used - Like New : This means that the product has been opened, possibly used but is in perfect condition with no signs of cosmetic or functional defect. Product may includes warranty, and accessories found with the original product. Product may or may not be in the original packaging. Returned items with minor packaging defects fall under this category. Used - Very Good : This means that the product has been opened, may show slight signs of use and cosmetic blemish, and may be missing minor accessories, but remain in excellent condition. Product does not come with warranty unless stated otherwise in product description. Used - Good : This means that the product has been used, may show clear signs of use and may be missing minor accessories, but remain in good condition. Product does not come with warranty unless stated otherwise in product description. Used - Acceptable : This means that the product shows clear signs of use, cosmetic defect, and may be missing minor accessories and manual, but remain in working condition. Product does not come with warranty unless stated otherwise in product description. Functionality issues beyond signs of use should be disclosed in product description.. The following guidelines apply to all product categories unless otherwise indicated within specific categories.. Why can’t we show you details of this product?. Some manufacturers place restrictions on how details of their products may be communicated.. How do I find out the price? Add it to your shopping cart Go to checkout, the price will be listed in the Order Summary You can remove the product from your order by clicking the "Edit Shopping Cart" button To keep it, click the "Submit Order" button Why can’t we show you details of this product?. Some manufacturers place restrictions on how details of their products may be communicated.. Why can’t we show you details of this product?. Some manufacturers place restrictions on how details of their products may be communicated.. How do I find out the price? Add it to your shopping cart Go to checkout, the price will be listed in the Order Summary You can remove the product from your order by clicking the "Edit Shopping Cart" button To keep it, click the "Submit Order" button Why can’t we show you details of this product?. Some manufacturers place restrictions on how details of their products may be communicated.. Transparency in Supply Chains Act. 
You don't have permission to access /specifications/blu-studio-mega/. 
Sign in | Join. BLU STUDIO MEGA -6.0 '' HD Dual SIM Smartphone S610P. If product not as described, you can return it and get full refund or keep the product and get a partial refund agreed with the seller. Shipping Weight : 0.50kg Net Weight : 0.20kg Package Size : 17cm x 8cm x 1cm What's in the box : Handset x1, Battery x 1, Charger x 1, Data cable x 1, Quick guide x 1, Stereo headset, Screen protector x 1, Silicone case x 1. Sat Feb 17 20:45:09 CST 2018. А очень даже ничего за свои деньги.... Tue Feb 13 23:36:59 CST 2018. Tue Feb 06 02:06:33 CST 2018. Быстро разряжается,походу брак,оспорил часть суммы через палку,ну а в целом вроде норм телефон,особенно за пол цены(жалею что не взял 2,на продажу он норм). Tue Jan 30 08:39:52 CST 2018. Упаковка заказа очень хиленькая, но пришло все без повреждений(очень повезло).Телефон отличный, работает без глюков.. Fri Jan 26 20:12:35 CST 2018. хороший качественный товар быстрая доставка рекомендую. Thu Jan 25 21:34:48 CST 2018. Товар хорош , доставка прошла успешно.. Wed Jan 24 21:35:38 CST 2018. Wed Jan 24 21:35:08 CST 2018. Tue Jan 23 15:38:57 CST 2018. Прислали почтой России, просто положив коробку с аппаратом в большой желтый пакет. Из коробки не работает звонилка, и не только у меня, пока не установите альтернативный номеронабиратель, пользоваться вряд ли сможете, а если вдруг смарт для продажи, ну, сами понимаете... Mon Jan 22 22:08:18 CST 2018. Качество, доставка и упаковка на высоком уровне. Disclaimer: While we try to ensure product information is accurate, sellers may occasionally amend product information. Content on this site is for reference purposes, and we recommend that you contact the seller for additional information on the product.. In order to obtain better service, please enter “ My Order ” list, and click “Contact Seller” to question.. Tue Jan 16 05:59:01 CST 2018. Будут ли отдельно в продаже чехлы и защитные стёкла для этой модели,хоть какие нибудь?. Уважаемый клиент, вы можете искать такой тип (чехлы и защитные стекла) в другую страницу товаров. Tue Jan 02 22:40:29 CST 2018. еще будет со скидкой по акции?За 45$. Уважаемый клиент,пока нет соответствующей информации, пожалуйста, обратите внимание на странице товара.Спасибо за поддержку. Mon Dec 25 22:59:33 CST 2017. my order price is not showing 50% discount. Dear customer, you can go to page:http://sale***ybuy***m/act/SQTyJ2N0XUkp5***ml for Discounted products.Thanks. Wed Dec 20 18:14:00 CST 2017. За 90 не серьёзно, столько же стоит xiaomi redmi 4a, которое превосходит значительно по всем параметрам кроме диагонали.. Уважаемый клиент, мы вам сообщить не можем точную дату появления акции. Cледите за нашими новостями и акциями. Wed Dec 20 19:24:39 CST 2017. Why did you finish the sale? Then remove this spoiler from the website! If no 50% discount available anymore!. Dear customer, please pay attention on our news. Seller: Joy Collection. the message and answer detail will be in your account->message. :-) Complete! Be closed after 3 seconds. :-( Failed! Be closed after 3 seconds. We will refund if the item is not as described or is of poor quality.. You will get a full refund if your order does not receive. Pay with popular and secure payment methods. About Joybuy.com (JD.com) Operated by Chinese ecommerce giant JD.com, Joybuy.com offers a wide selection of authentic, high-quality Chinese products at competitive prices and delivers them to customers’ doors in a speedy and dependable manner. JD.com is NASDAQ-listed Company JD.com Inc and has become China's largest retailer in mobile phones, digital products and computers. JD.com sales have surpassed any other platforms’ online and offline sales. Joybuy.com will continue JD.com tradition of supplying high-quality genuine goods, and become the world’s most valuable and reliable online shopping platform.. 
The next video is starting stop. Want to watch this again later?. Sign in to add this video to a playlist.. Sign in to report inappropriate content.. Sign in to make your opinion count.. Sign in to make your opinion count.. Rating is available when the video has been rented.. This feature is not available right now. Check out our website for more information: unlimitedprepay.com Facebook: https://www.facebook.com/Unlimited-Pr... Shop now: http://shopupd.com/product/studio-mega/ Video Editor: Amos Hernandez. When autoplay is enabled, a suggested video will automatically play next.. STUDIO Mega | BLU Store Doral. BLU STUDIO MEGA, STUDIO G MAX, & STUDIO G2 HD REVIEW. BLU Studio Mega Review (8GB) - 6.0" HD Dual SIM GSM Factory Unlocked Smartphone (Black). The Best Phone Under $90 BLU J8 Unboxing & impressions!!. BLU Studio XL 2 smart phone: Lotta bang for the buck!. The Most Requested Smartphone I've NEVER Featured.... The Android Phone Everyone Should Buy! - BLU VIVO 5. BLU STUDIO MEGA Unboxing Video – in Stock at www.welectronics.com. The Super Smartphone You've Never Heard Of.... Blu Studio 7.0 LTE Unboxing: 7 Inch Screen!. BLU Vivo XL2 Unboxing and First Impressions. Cheap BLU Studio XL 2 4G LTE Unlocked 6 inch Smartphone -$128. The MOST Underrated Android Phone // BLU Pure XR. BLU Grand M Unboxing | Budget Smartphone. Blu Studio XL2 Unboxing! 6 inch Screen!!. Sign in to add this to Watch Later. 
