Dit kun je altijd nog aanpassen. Voor je boekenlijstje heb je al een hoop boeken verzameld. En veel andere lezers blij gemaakt.. Helaas past dit boek niet meer in je boekenlijstje. Tijd voor een nieuwe lijst! Die maak je. Gratis bij je thuis vanaf € 19,95. We bezorgen niet op zondag en maandag.. Voor leden en vrienden: 20% korting. Bij eci krijg je korting vanaf 4 aankopen per jaar. Log in om verder te gaan. Blijf op de hoogte van boekennieuws, tips en. Krijg elke dag een scherpe aanbieding. Geen probleem kan gebeuren, vul je e-mail even in dan sturen we een email met een herstel wachtwoord link. waarmee je het wachtwoord opnieuw in kan stellen.. Kan gebeuren! Zodra je het e-mailadres hebt ingevuld en op de knop hebt gedrukt, sturen wen een link naar je inbox.. Hiermee stel je je wachtwoord opnieuw in.. De herstel link is verstuurd naar je inbox.. Regisseur(s): Martha Holmes , Michael Gunton. Vier jaar na het unieke wereldwijde bioscoopsucces van Earth komen de makers van de mooiste natuurdocumentaires ter wereld met een nieuw meesterwerk; ONE LIFE. Begeleid door de stem van Daniel Craig worden we opnieuw meegenomen op reis naar de meest indrukwekkende uithoeken van onze planeet. Door gebruik te maken van de allernieuwste cameratechnieken waren de filmers in staat om ongelofelijke verhalen van natuurlijk gedrag vast te leggen. De slimme jachtmethodes van dolfijnen en jachtluipaarden, maar ook hoe sluw Komodovaranen een waterbuffel door de knieën krijgen. Van de inventiviteit waarmee bruine kapucijnaapjes kokosnoten breken tot de versiertrucs van bultruggen. De film brengt ons van de geboorte tot de creatie van de volgende generatie en dan nog een stap verder. Zo blijkt dat er tussen al dat fascinerende natuurgeweld een rode draad loopt die al het leven - of we nu vleugels, vinnen, acht poten of twee benen hebben - met elkaar verbindt.. We geven korting vanaf je 4e boek in 12 maanden. We geven korting vanaf je 4e boek in 12 maanden. Op werkdagen voor 16:00 uur besteld, volgende dag in huis. Wat vond jij van dit product?. Geef je uitgebreide beoordeling en maak kans op een fantastisch boekenpakket met 3 titels uit de Bestseller top 100.. Vat het product in een paar woorden samen. Geef je mening in je eigen woorden, dat is veel leuker om te lezen. Prijzen kun je beter niet noemen. Noem geen persoonlijke informatie over jezelf of anderen, je beoordeling is door iedereen te zien. Links naar andere leestips? Ja graag! Informatie over andere bedrijven of websites, nee dankje. Tot slot: blijf netjes, want ongepaste taal kunnen we natuurlijk niet plaatsen.. Vink aan om een mailtje te ontvangen wanneer je beoordeling is geplaatst.. Nog even geduld, je beoordeling komt meestal binnen een dag online!. DTS Digital Surround, Dolby Digital 5.1. 190 x 136 x 15 mm. 2 (Europa; Midden Oosten; Japan; Zuid Afrika). 3 (Zuidoost Azië; Zuid-Korea; Taiwan; Hong Kong). Mis niets van onze acties en boekentips. 3 manieren om te kopen bij eci. Laat je inspireren en vind je. Kunnen we je ergens mee helpen?. Open ma-vr 9 - 21 uur en za 10 - 16 uur. 
GSM 850 / 900 / 1800 / 1900 - SIM 1 & SIM 2. HSDPA 850 / 1700(AWS) / 1900 / 2100. LTE band 2(1900), 4(1700/2100), 7(2600), 12(700), 17(700). HSPA 42.2/11.5 Mbps, LTE Cat4 150/50 Mbps. 142 x 69.6 x 8.7 mm (5.59 x 2.74 x 0.34 in). IPS LCD capacitive touchscreen, 16M colors. 5.0 inches, 68.9 cm 2 (~69.7% screen-to-body ratio). 1080 x 1920 pixels, 16:9 ratio (~441 ppi density). 13 MP, phase detection autofocus, LED flash. Geo-tagging, touch focus, face detection, panorama, HDR. - Active noise cancellation with dedicated mic. Wi-Fi 802.11 b/g/n, Wi-Fi Direct, hotspot. SMS(threaded view), MMS, Email, Push Email, IM. Up to 725 h (2G) / Up to 625 h (3G). Up to 26 h (2G) / Up to 16 h (3G). We can not guarantee that the information on this page is 100% correct. BLU Life One X2 Mini - user opinions and reviews. If I had to do this again, I would probably try an ASUS ZenPhone 4gb/64gb. This Blu has too many quirks. My previous HTC 10 may have me spoiled, but if you have a feature as a selling point, I expect it to work fully and not half-a**ed. I assume if you're this happy you are able to use your fingerprint reader to log into apps in addition to just unlocking the phone. If you have figured out the trick, please let the rest of us know.. Of all things, mine doesn't do this. Maybe that's why my stock launcher kept crashing and I had to go third party right away; perhaps it couldn't load ads.. Samsung Apple Nokia Sony LG HTC Motorola Huawei Microsoft Lenovo Xiaomi Google Acer Asus Oppo OnePlus Meizu BlackBerry Alcatel ZTE Toshiba Vodafone Energizer XOLO Lava Micromax BLU Gionee vivo LeEco Panasonic HP YU verykool Maxwest Plum. BLU Life One X3 BLU Life One X2 Wiko U Feel Prime BLU Vivo 8 BLU Vivo 5R Xiaomi Redmi Note 4. BLU Vivo X BLU Vivo 8 BLU Vivo One BLU Vivo XL BLU Vivo 5 BLU Life One X3. 
Select the department you want to search in. Sign in Account & Lists Sign in Account & Lists Orders Try Prime Cart. Your Amazon.com Today's Deals Gift Cards Registry Sell Help Disability Customer Support. Cell Phones & Accessories Carrier Phones Unlocked Phones Prime Exclusive Phones Accessories Cases Wearable Technology Best Sellers Deals Trade-In All Electronics. has been added to your Cart. Add a Carrier SIM Card for Service Activation:. T-Mobile SIM Starter Kit with Adapter. Cricket BYOD 2.0 Wireless 3-in-1 SIM Card Kit - Pr... 1-Click ordering is not available for this item.. Please enter a valid US zip code.. Please enter a valid US zip code.. Shipping to a APO/FPO/DPO? Please add the address to your address book. Make sure you include the unit and box numbers (if assigned).. Comment: Item will come repackaged.. Fulfillment by Amazon (FBA) is a service we offer sellers that lets them store their products in Amazon's fulfillment centers, and we directly pack, ship, and provide customer service for these products. Something we hope you'll especially enjoy: FBA items qualify for FREE Shipping and Amazon Prime.. If you're a seller, Fulfillment by Amazon can help you increase your sales. learn more about Fulfillment by Amazon. 1-Click ordering is not available for this item.. & FREE Shipping on eligible orders. 1-Year Unlocked Cell Phone Accidental Protection Plan. Coverage for drops, spills and product malfunctions. Free shipping on all repairs with $25 deductible. Cancel anytime, full refund in the first 30 days. SquareTrade Protection Plans are only valid for new products purchased at Amazon within the last 30 days. BLU Life ONE X2 Mini - 5.0" Unlocked Smartphone -4G LTE - 64GB + 4GB RAM -Rose Gold. This item at this price, sold by Amazon.com, is currently reserved exclusively for Prime members. Prime free trial and invitee customers: We will automatically apply an Amazon.com Gift Card to your Gift Card Balance in the amount equal to the Prime exclusive discount after you become a paid Prime member. If you cancel your paid Prime membership or return the qualifying smartphone within the first 3 months of your paid Prime membership, we may void your Gift Card or charge you in the amount of the Gift Card. Terms and Conditions apply.. Only 3 left in stock - order soon.. Sold by L4G Store and Fulfilled by Amazon .. Fulfillment by Amazon (FBA) is a service we offer sellers that lets them store their products in Amazon's fulfillment centers, and we directly pack, ship, and provide customer service for these products. Something we hope you'll especially enjoy: FBA items qualify for FREE Shipping and Amazon Prime.. If you're a seller, Fulfillment by Amazon can help you increase your sales. learn more about Fulfillment by Amazon. 5.0” Full HD with Curved Corning Gorilla glass 3; Premium CNC machined aluminum housing and Built in Fingerprint Sensor. 64 GB Internal Memory 4GB RAM Micro SD up to 64GB, Qualcomm Snapdragon 430 1.4GHz Octa Core processor. 13MP PDAF Autofocus Main Camera + 8MP Wide-Angle Front Camera with Flash. 4G LTE, (2/4/7/12/17), 4G HSPA+ (850/1700/1900/2100). GSM Quad band: US compatibility Nationwide on all GSM Networks including AT&T, T-Mobile, Cricket, Metrics, Straight Talk, and others. Purchase any qualifying 2017 BLU Smartphone for your chance to win a trip of a lifetime! See below for more details. One of these items ships sooner than the other. This item: BLU Life ONE X2 Mini - 5.0" Unlocked Smartphone -4G LTE - 64GB + 4GB RAM -Rose Gold $165.00. Only 3 left in stock - order soon.. Sold by L4G Store and ships from Amazon Fulfillment.. [2-Pack] Supershieldz for BLU "Life ONE X2 Mini" Tempered Glass Screen Protector with Lifetime… $6.99. Only 8 left in stock - order soon.. Sold by Supershieldz and ships from Amazon Fulfillment.. FREE Shipping on orders over $25. This shopping feature will continue to load items. In order to navigate out of this carousel please use your heading shortcut key to navigate to the next or previous heading.. Customers who viewed this item also viewed. Page 1 of 1 Start over Page 1 of 1. BLU VIVO 8L - 5.3" 4G LTE Smartphone -32GB + 3GB RAM –Black. BLU PURE XR Smartphone - 4G LTE GSM Unlocked - 64GB +4GB RAM - Grey. BLU LIFE ONE X2 - 4G LTE Unlocked Smartphone - 16GB+2GB RAM - Grey. BLU S1 Factory Unlocked Phone - 5.2" Screen - 16GB - Black (U.S. BLU V0150UU GOLD VIVO 8 - 5.5" Full HD, 4G LTE Smartphone -64GB + 4GB RAM -Gold. BLU VIVO XL2 - 5.5" 4G LTE GSM Unlocked Smartphone - 32GB+3GB RAM -Blue. This shopping feature will continue to load items. In order to navigate out of this carousel please use your heading shortcut key to navigate to the next or previous heading.. Customers who bought this item also bought. Page 1 of 1 Start over Page 1 of 1. [2-Pack] Supershieldz for BLU "Life ONE X2 Mini" Tempered Glass Screen Protector with Lifetime Replacement Warranty. BLU LIFE ONE X2 MINI Case + Screen Protector, Gzerma Soft Shock-Absorbing TPU Durable Protection Ultra Slim Fit Back Cover and Shatter-proof Protective Film for BLU LIFE ONE X2 MINI Smartphone (White). Blu Life One X2 Mini Case witScreen Protector, Gzerma Soft Shock-Absorbing TPU Durable Protection Ultra Slim Fit Back Cover, Shatter-proof Protective Film for BLU LIFE ONE X2 MINI L0130 Phone (Gray). BLU LIFE ONE X2 MINI Case with Phone Holder + Screen Protector, Gzerma Shock-Absorbing TPU Cover with 360 Rotation Kickstand and Shatterproof Protective Film for BLU LIFE ONE X2 MINI (Gray). BLU LIFE ONE X2 MINI Case with Phone Holder + Screen Protector, Gzerma Shock-Absorbing TPU Cover with 360 Rotation Kickstand and Shatterproof Protective Film for BLU LIFE ONE X2 MINI (White). BLU LIFE ONE X2 - 4G LTE Unlocked Smartphone -64GB+4GB RAM -Rose Gold. Find answers in product info, Q&As, reviews. Please make sure that you are posting in the form of a question.. Don't see what you're looking for?. There was a problem completing your request. Please try your search again later.. The LIFE ONE X2 MINI was developed with premium grade materials to provide both artistry and functionality. It’s metal battery cover compliments the beautiful structure and quality.. LIFE ONE X2 Mini’s has a massive 5.0” Full HD display with a resolution of 1080 x 1920 that will surely provide stunning imagery.. The LIFE ONE X2 MINI incorporates Corning Gorilla Glass 3 on the touch panel, giving your device an extra layer of armor to protect it from cracks and scratches.. Do more with a long lasting generous 3,000mAh battery, The LIFE ONE X2 MINI will have plenty of power for all your daily tasks. The battery life on the LIFE ONE X2 MINI will assure your smartphone will always have charge.. The LIFE ONE X2 MINI is powered by a powerful Qualcomm Snapdragon chipset with a 1.4GHz Octa Core processor and a 4GB RAM set up. Store all the data you want with a built in 64GB memory.. BLU Valencia CF VIP Experience Global Giveaway. Purchase any 2017 BLU Smartphone for your chance to win a trip of a lifetime!. Three grand prize winners and a guest each gets an all-expense paid trip to Valencia, Spain for 5 days. You and your guest will also get to attend the Valencia CF vs Real Madrid game while enjoying the match from BLU’s VIP BOX plus a meet & greet with Valencia players in Mestalla Stadium on January 28th 2018!. GSM | HSPA+42 Mbps | LTE. GSM I HSPA+42Mbps I 4G LTE up to 150Mbps. 3G HSPA+ 42Mbps | 4G LTE Cat 4. GSM | HSPA+42Mbps I 4G LTE up to 300Mbps. GSM|4G LTE Cat 4 up to 150Mbps. 4G LTE Cat 4 up to 150Mbps HSPA+ 42 Mbps. 64GB | 4GB RAM - 16GB | 2GB RAM. 1.4GHz Octa Core Qualcomm snapdragon 430. 151.9 x 74.6 x 6.9 mm | 142G. 154.3 x 75.6 x 8.15mm |161g. 154.3 x 74.9 x 7mm |147.2g. 148 x72.4 x 9.5mm I 166g. 0.3 x 5.5 x 2.7 in. 0.2 x 6.1 x 2.9 in. 0.3 x 6.1 x 3 in. 0.2 x 6 x 2.9 in. 0.4 x 6 x 3 in. 0.3 x 5.7 x 2.8 in. BLU Life ONE X2 Mini - 5.0" Unlocked Smartphone -4G LTE - 64GB + 4GB RAM -Rose Gold. BLU LIFE ONE X2 - 4G LTE Unlocked Smartphone -64GB+4GB RAM -Rose Gold. BLU VIVO XL2 - 5.5" 4G LTE GSM Unlocked Smartphone - 32GB+3GB RAM -Blue. BLU PURE XR Smartphone - 4G LTE GSM Unlocked - 64GB +4GB RAM - Gold. BLU R2 PLUS – 4G LTE 5.5” Full HD Unlocked Smartphone – 32GB + 3GB RAM -Black. BLU Advance 5.2 - Unlocked Smartphone - 5.2" Display, 8GB +1GB RAM -Black. The Life One X2 Mini was developed with premium grade materials to provide both artistry and functionality. Its metal battery cover compliments the beautiful structure and quality. Available in Grey, Gold and Rose Gold.. 5.5 x 0.3 x 2.7 inches. 15.2 ounces ( View shipping rates and policies ). #141,238 in Cell Phones & Accessories ( See Top 100 in Cell Phones & Accessories ). #2,672 in Cell Phones & Accessories > Unlocked Cell Phones. Product Warranty: For warranty information about this product, please. If you are a seller for this product, would you like to suggest updates through seller support ?. Would you like to tell us about a lower price ?. 5 star 35% 4 star 13% 3 star 9% 2 star 12% 1 star 31%. Share your thoughts with other customers. There was a problem filtering reviews right now. 4.0 out of 5 stars Beautiful color 1080p HD screen. Just got this phone in yesterday - wanted to give people a thorough review to describe the product. I've attached pictures comparing the phone to an iPhone 6. Screen: Beautiful color 1080p HD screen, makes everything pop. 5 Star Design: This phone feels good in your hand, just the right size - not too big and not too small. 5 Star Processing Speed & Ram: Phone was extremely responsive without any apparent lag. 5 Star Reception: Comparing on T-Mobile to an iPhone 6, this phone has slightly better reception by 1 bar give or take. 5 Star Speakers: Mostly Treble and Mids, you're not getting any low end out of these speakers as I expected. It get's relatively loud and sounds clear. Not a big deal, it's easy to connect to a bluetooth speaker. 4 Star Battery: I've only tested this phone over night, but after 3 hours on the phone setting it up, transferring contacts, and installing apps it only lost 25% charge. I'm estimating this will easily last through a day of medium use. 5 Star Storage: With 64gb internal storage and optional 64gb through a micro sd card, this phone has ample storage space. 5 Star Cameras: This was the most disappointing feature of the phone. There are adequate features on the camera set-up such as dual flash and front facing flash, but that doesn't help with a bad camera. Pictures are not sharp and come out grainy. I was expecting the quality to be lower for the price, but not with this amount of distortion. 2 1/2 Star Overall: For the price, this phone can't be beat. They knocked it out of the park for features and price-point. If only they had better cameras on the phone this would be a true 5 star product. I will update this review if any of the reviewed areas change after a week of use. Hope you find my review helpful.. Was this review helpful to you?. 5.0 out of 5 stars Affordable just got even more Amazing!. I have noticed a lot of people leaving feedback on this device and not being a verified purchaser, you know who you are. Please refrain from doing this because some people actually take your meaningless reviews as a representation of the product itself and that’s incorrect. On to the review This has been an incredible little piece of hardware, before we go any further I must give you an idea of where I am coming from. I started with an original moto x back in 2013 when they first launched (I was actually returning a bigger phone cause I didn’t like the size and I found it cumbersome to use efficiently) and I saw the moto x, well I thought I used the nexus 7 for a while so if its anything like that ill be ok. It was one of the best decisions of my life as I have been using the same phone steady for nearly 4 years with little to no trouble out of it (back when Motorola was owned by themselves/google and they cared a lot about aesthetics and quality in their products. Now trusted Motorola and decided to invest in their product line further by buying my girl a moto g (the original 4.5 inch small one that shook the mobile world) it was as amazing as the moto x and since then we have both kept the same phones, well this year had to be the year that fate would take both our phones, one in a tragic boating accident, and the other in battery failure. I remember back when the smartphone craze began, blue popped out of no where and I thought these look like decent phones for the price so I recommended some to my friends and they were hooked, they love the simple UI (near stock android) and they enjoyed some of the additions. The phones im talking about specifically are the blu life play (first one) and the blu life one x (an incredible deal at the time) the only issue with these were that updates were very scarce. I agree that blu doesn’t update their phones in a timely manner but THEY HAVE PUSHED UPDATES BEFORE so to say they don’t is a lie. The only phone I had ever seen get the update (at least in my own inner circle) was the blu life play and the update really stripped down to more of a bare bones that anything which was really ok. People who buy these phones want simple and practical, people who go out and buy the biggest best thing they can afford are insane if you ask me, it’s a waste of money and you are constantly bouncing from android UI SKIN to android UI SKIN relearning the same android and while that is ok for some, I come from the world where one phone, one ui, last long time, is my way of life as is many other individuals not wanting to sink 1000 dollars into a phone they drop the day after they get it. These can be labeled throw away phones, you can even say they are toys, but this is because they fall in an extremely attractive price range but at the end of the day itd a solid performer if you pay no attention to the price. Now the phone itself, for the money you get 64gig storage, 4 gigs of ram (unbelievable in this price range) a 5 inch 1920 X 1080p screen that is gorgeous, 3000mah battery (confirmed and now updated to be correct on amazon) fairly stock android (it is if you use google now launcher) with the usual nice touches like clear all apps button in task manager, and so on. Android skinned icons and nothing custom (this means a lot to me since I hate most of the skinned version that are released on these so called flagships), solid connectivity with fast zippy wireless and just as quick wifi speed. The QUALCOMM snapdragon 430 is not a flagship SOC, but it performs almost like one on a slime version of android. I have used this phone for about 2 solid days and have had no noticeable slowdowns, and it has done everything better than my moto x 2013, and I mean noticeably better. Internet browsing (most important part of the phone IMOP) is wonderful, it beats out my x easily, and I know they say that core count doesn’t always matter but in this case 8 cores is better than 2. Call quality is great, gorilla glass 3 is a wonderful touch and makes a big difference in the long run (moto x had G3 and I barely have any scratches on it with 4 years of use). Speaker quality was acceptable, love how its downward facing cause now its not behind the phone which was a nice touch. You have the regular microusb which is fine, it works with everything I have and that’s ok but I have noticed over time the usb port get weak or loose and don’t work as well, would have been nice to see usb type c but again, I feel like this is complaining that my 200 dollar Camaro doesn’t have chrome plated wheels. Fast charging works well and Ill accept the microusb port without complaint. I don’t do any real gaming except for the occasional pokemon go but I can say that it works well and about the same performance as my moto x in terms of GPU performance. This is an honest review so there are bound to be some negatives, thankfully there is only one. I have used flagship fingerprint readers before and they worked flawlessly every time, even some none flagship FPS worked well but this one is a bit on the finicky side, it will work most of the time but if you tilt your finger at all then it will not work, I have found a way around this which isn’t much of a solution, if you register your finger thumb whichever multiple times then it will improve the success rate, but this includes tilting and other angles you would use the FPS at with the selected finger, I find this one part a little annoying but again ill overlook it for the price and quality of the rest of the device. Benchmark, I don’t know if this is critical but I will throw it out there if anyone is interested, if not then skip this paragraph. The antutu benchmark gave this phone a rough 45000, whereas the Huawei p9 lite (a friend of ours is a Huawei fanboy lol) got roughly a 60000, now to me that’s about right considering the clock speed and the updated SOC of the Huawei but the p9 is about 100 dollars more expensive so again I cant be disappointed lol. Something weird we noticed though is the connection speed over wireless is greatly better on the one x2 mini than the p9 lite P9 lite 40mb down 15 up Life one x2 mini 120mb down 45 up This was one the same h20 network as I literally switched the cards out and used the same card on both phones. I was sure if this was correct but I thought it was something worth sharing. Overall I give this phone an A++ and recommend it entirely as a daily driver, pokemon goer, road calling master, twitter junky, Instagram addict, etc.. companion that will get u through the day and then some. If anyone has any specific questions about the phone I will be happy to update my review and add that content! ******************************** 3/23/2017 UPDATE **************************************** This is an update in light of recent comments, NO there is no malware on this phone, I even humored Michael in his reply and ran malware bytes, I got a whole lot of nothing and im not surprised, you see Michael blu wasn’t the only one that was affected by this malware you are talking about so to lay blame completely on them is is also incorrect (your welcome) “Blu said that six of its models were affected—the R1 HD, the Energy X Plus 2, Studio Touch, Advance 4.0 L2, Neo XL, and Energy Diamond. These are all low-priced phones—the R1 HD, the phone used by Kryptowire, sells for just $50, while the Energy X Plus 2 costs about $100.” As you can see listed above are all the devices that were affected by this issue, but this is where it gets more interesting. • Aaron Electronics • Aeon Mobile • All Win Tech • Amoi Technology • Archos • AUX • Bird • BLU • Cellon • Coship Mobile • DEWAV Communication • DEXP Digital Experience • Eastaeon Technology • Electronic Technology • Gionee • GOSO • Hisense • Hongyu • Huaqin • Huiye • Inventec Corporation • Konka Group • Lenovo • Logicom • Longcheer • Malata Mobile • Mediatek Helio • Prestigio • Ragentek • RDA Micro • Reallytek • RUIO • Sanmu • Sprocomm • Tinno • Uniscope • VSUN • Water World Technology • Wind Communication • WingTech • Yifang Digital • Zhuhai Quanzhi • ZTE That is a complete list of all the companies that were affected by this same problem so to sit and say we can never trust blu with android ever again is overblown. Blu import select android devices that either work amazingly well and offer a substantial savings or they don’t, in this case it’s definitely the former. Don’t let people who have no idea what they are talking about sway you from buying an amazing product. I was looking forward to the moto g5 this year but to find out that Motorola claims it’s not lucrative to sell the smaller handset in America due to the poor market is mind boggling. I got this phone which has IDENTICAL specs to the moto g5 only differences are that is offers a very plain android experience which can be great in itself. There are also the benefits to having 4gigs of ram and 64gigs of storage on a <$200 device. I have had incredible success with this handset and feel confident that this will continue. It has upped my productivity 3x and I could not be happier with this purchase.. Was this review helpful to you?. 1.0 out of 5 stars Great Value, not so much. 5 months update: Unfortunately I don't feel the same after 5 months. The battery started draining really fast all of a sudden and I had to pay to ship the phone to Blu for repair, leaving me for 10+ days without a phone. The phone came back with lots of scratches on the side and a different color back. Battery worked fine for a couple weeks but now the issue is starting again. Could have been a good phone but you get what you pay for. I will not buy a Blu phone again. I was skeptical because of some of the reviews here but no more. This phone is fast, has plenty of storage and a very nice screen. The phone works with Cricket wireless. I just inserted the SIM card and done. Battery life - no issue whatsoever. I can go a whole day of moderate use without charging. Lock screen adds - haven't had any. I did remove the unnecessary Z-camera and flashlight apps that were pre-installed on the phone and disabled some notifications. The app was not available on the play store but you can get it from the Amazon app store. The Amazon Video app also works and was pre-installed. Fingerprint scanner lagging - I find it pretty responsive and the phone opens up quickly. No issues there and that's a pretty neat function. All in all I find it to be a great replacement to my old phone at less than 1/3 of the cost.. Was this review helpful to you?. NOT a happy camper!! The phone was becoming increasingly less and less stable. Apps were crashing or just not working, and the phone was restarting randomly. 1.0 out of 5 stars NO LONGER: Amazing / Perfect phone - BLU's System Update BROKE my phone! >:(. The phone lockup all the time and app lunches stop working updates will not load.. 1.0 out of 5 stars Lockup. I purchased this phone late December; now I am having software issues. After updating Whatsapp Monday past (12th February) a message came up that My Launcher had stopped. 1.0 out of 5 stars I purchased this phone late December; now I am .... 5.0 out of 5 stars excellent value. BLU Life Mini X2 - This product is useless being gone through all negative reviews I dare to buy one for my Dad because of BLU brand but had problem the moment I started play... 1.0 out of 5 stars "Unfortunately My Launcher has failed" no access to phone. This phone resarts randomly while I'm writing or listening to mantra~ It makes me so angry I am going to see if I can get my iPhone 5 repaired...and I don't like iPhones... 1.0 out of 5 stars Crap ton of restarts.... This phone was my second favorite phone, bit it didn't last too long. I won't spend that kind of money again, for a phone that lasted less than a year.. 4.0 out of 5 stars Didn't even last a year !!! Just stopped working.. Used to work fine, my daughter loved it. However, after an update basic and important apps like Whatsapp have stopped working. 1.0 out of 5 stars Apps will stop working. On paper this is a great phone. 1.0 out of 5 stars Junk software. after 7months of use, the launcher star to crash((stop working)) and a couple of weeks later the whatsapp stop working!!! this is my second blu phone!!!! Read more. 2.0 out of 5 stars APP STOP WORKING!!!!!!!!!. Amazon Giveaway allows you to run promotional giveaways in order to create buzz, reward your audience, and attract new followers and customers. This item: BLU Life ONE X2 Mini - 5.0" Unlocked Smartphone -4G LTE - 64GB + 4GB RAM -Rose Gold. What other items do customers buy after viewing this item?. BLU LIFE ONE X2 - 4G LTE Unlocked Smartphone -64GB+4GB RAM -Rose Gold. BLU Life One X3 – 4G LTE Unlocked Smartphone with 5,000mAh Monster Battery -Black. BLU VIVO 8L - 5.3" 4G LTE Smartphone -32GB + 3GB RAM –Black. BLU Studio Selfie 3 -GSM Unlocked Smartphone -Gold. See and discover other items: 4g lte phones 1700/2100 , 4gb ram phone. There's a problem loading this menu right now.. Get fast, free shipping with Amazon Prime. Prime members enjoy FREE Two-Day Shipping and exclusive access to music, movies, TV shows, original audio series, and Kindle books.. Careers About Amazon Investor Relations Amazon Devices. Sell on Amazon Sell Your Services on Amazon Sell on Amazon Business Sell Your Apps on Amazon Become an Affiliate Advertise Your Products Self-Publish with Us › See all. Amazon Rewards Visa Signature Cards Amazon.com Store Card Amazon.com Corporate Credit Line Shop with Points Credit Card Marketplace Reload Your Balance Amazon Currency Converter. Your Account Your Orders Shipping Rates & Policies Amazon Prime Returns & Replacements Manage Your Content and Devices Amazon Assistant Help. Amazon Music Stream millions of songs. Amazon Drive Cloud storage from Amazon. 6pm Score deals on fashion brands. AbeBooks Books, art & collectibles. ACX Audiobook Publishing Made Easy. Alexa Actionable Analytics for the Web. Amazon Business Everything For Your Business. AmazonFresh Groceries & More Right To Your Door. AmazonGlobal Ship Orders Internationally. Home Services Handpicked Pros Happiness Guarantee. Amazon Inspire Digital Educational Resources. Amazon Rapids Fun stories for kids on the go. Amazon Restaurants Food delivery from local restaurants. Amazon Video Direct Video Distribution Made Easy. Amazon Web Services Scalable Cloud Computing Services. Audible Download Audio Books. AudiobookStand Discount Audiobooks on Disc. Book Depository Books With Free Delivery Worldwide. Box Office Mojo Find Movie Box Office Data. ComiXology Thousands of Digital Comics. CreateSpace Indie Print Publishing Made Easy. DPReview Digital Photography. East Dane Designer Men's Fashion. Fabric Sewing, Quilting & Knitting. Goodreads Book reviews & recommendations. IMDb Movies, TV & Celebrities. IMDbPro Get Info Entertainment Professionals Need. Junglee.com Shop Online in India. Kindle Direct Publishing Indie Digital Publishing Made Easy. Prime Now FREE 2-Hour Delivery on Everyday Items. Prime Photos Unlimited Photo Storage Free With Prime. Shopbop Designer Fashion Brands. TenMarks.com Math Activities for Kids & Schools. Warehouse Deals Open-Box Discounts. Whole Foods Market America’s Healthiest Grocery Store. Withoutabox Submit to Film Festivals. Woot! Deals and Shenanigans. Zappos Shoes & Clothing. Souq.com Shop Online in the Middle East. Subscribe with Amazon Discover & try subscription services. Conditions of Use Privacy Notice Interest-Based Ads © 1996-2018, Amazon.com, Inc. 
How to Block a Number on Any Phone. How to Build Your Smart Home. How to Create an Anonymous Email Account. How to Save Money on Your Cell Phone Plan. How to Set Up Two-Factor Authentication. How to Set Up and Configure Your Wireless Router. Tips Every Amazon Addict Should Know. Hard Drives, Storage, Networking & Backup. Back Antivirus, Safety & Security. Back Browsers & Operating Systems. Best HR Software & Management Systems. Best Self-Service Business Intelligence (BI) Tools. Best Social Media Management & Analytics Tools. Back Cameras & Photo/Video Editing. Best Video Editing Software for Enthusiasts. Best Samsung Galaxy S8 and S8+ Cases. Best Samsung Galaxy Note 8 Cases. Best MacBook Air Cases and Sleeves. Back Smart Home & Wearables. Back Hard Drives, Storage, Networking & Backup. Back Keyboards, Mice, Monitors & Speakers. Back Shows, Events & Holiday. Back TVs & Streaming Media. Best Managed WordPress Web Hosting Services. Best Small Business Web Hosting Services. The Blu Life One X2 Mini is a compact unlocked phone with a nice build and solid performance, but its slightly larger sibling offers better battery life. A (Very) Small Difference in Design. Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. blog comments powered by Disqus. PCMag reviews products independently , but we may earn affiliate commissions from buying links on this page.. View All 7 Photos in Gallery. Expandable storage doubles as dual-SIM slot.. The Blu Life One X2 Mini is a compact unlocked phone with a nice build and solid performance, but its slightly larger sibling offers better battery life.. The Blu Life One X2 Mini is the slightly smaller sibling to the standard One X2. At 5.0 inches rather than 5.2, you won't feel a big difference in your hand, and with a $179.99 price ($20 less than the X2) you won't feel much difference in your wallet. If you're looking for an unlocked phone with a compact build and solid overall performance for under $200, the Life One X2 Mini is a solid choice. But the standard One X2 also fills the bill while offering better battery life.. In terms of design, the One X2 Mini hits all the same notes as the One X2. It comes in gray, gold, and rose gold finishes, and has an aluminum battery cover on the back with strips of polycarbonate above and below it. It's a refreshing change from the all-plastic builds you tend to find in this price range.. View All 7 Photos in Gallery. The One X2 Mini is smaller than the regular X2, but just barely. It measures 5.6 by 2.7 by 0.3 inches (HWD) and weighs 5.4 ounces, compared with the X2, which measures 5.8 by 2.9 by 0.4 inches and 5.9 ounces. It's also quite similar in size and appearance to the Coolpad Conjr (5.6 by 2.8 by 0.3 inches, 5.2 ounces). It's comfortable to hold, and despite the sizeable top and bottom bezel, you shouldn't have any trouble reaching across the display with your thumb.. You'll find a clicky volume rocker and power button on the right side, a 3.5mm audio jack up top, and a micro USB port sandwiched between speaker and microphone grilles on the bottom. The left side is home to a SIM/microSD card slot that worked fine with a 256GB card; it can also take a second SIM instead. A fingerprint scanner that doubles as a home button is on the front.. The display is a 5.0-inch, 1,920-by-1,080 IPS panel. The resolution works out to 441 pixels per inch, slightly denser than the 5.2-inch One X2 (424ppi) and the 5.5-inch Moto G5 Plus (401ppi). It's significantly sharper than the 5-inch, 720p Conjr (294ppi). Text and graphics look crisp, viewing angles are good, and colors are accurate. Outdoor visibility can be a challenge under direct sunlight, however, as the display doesn't get very bright.. Like most unlocked phones, the X2 Mini supports GSM carriers like AT&T and T-Mobile. It has LTE 2/4/7/12/17 bands, giving it good connectivity on both networks. We tested it on T-Mobile in midtown Manhattan, where we recorded average network performance, with a high of 6.4Mbps down. It's not the best result we've seen, but it's also not uncommon when network congestion rears its ugly head.. Other connectivity protocols include Wi-Fi on the 2.4GHz band and Bluetooth 4.2. There's no NFC, meaning no Android Pay, which is a common omission for this price range.. Transmissions are clear, voices are natural, and earpiece volume is loud enough that you shouldn't have trouble hearing it in a noisy environment. Noise cancellation is also solid, blotting out the majority of background interference, though there's a bit of a hiss during intervals of silence. The speaker is reasonably loud, but tinny.. The One X2 Mini is powered by the same Qualcomm Snapdragon 430 processor as the One X2. On the AnTuTu benchmark, a measure of overall system performance, the Mini scores 43,725. That puts it well ahead of the Alcatel A30 (16,672) and practically on par with the Snapdragon 435-powered ZTE Max XL (45,486). Naturally, the more powerful Snapdragon 625 chipset in the G5 Plus yields better performance results (63,845).. Part of the reason for the Mini's relatively strong benchmark scores is its plentiful 4GB of RAM. Multitasking isn't a problem, and the phone handled all the apps we threw at it without significant lag. But while it can technically run demanding games like GTA: San Andreas, there's too much control latency to really enjoy them.. Battery life is a low point. The Mini clocked 4 hours, 26 minutes in our rundown test in which we streamed full-screen video over LTE at maximum brightness. That's an hour better than the Conjr's dreadful result (3 hours, 35 minutes), but far shorter than the X2 (6 hours, 16 minutes) and the Moto G5 Plus (7 hours, 35 minutes). Don't expect to make it through a full day of heavy use.. See How We Test Cell Phones. The 13-megapixel rear camera sensor takes decent photos in good lighting, but tends to be unreliable in other conditions. There's some minor muddiness on more distant objects, but that's not unusual for the price.. The bigger issue is inconsistent autofocus. Every now and then you'll get an inexplicably blurry shot, even when you're certain your hand was perfectly stable. This crops up more often in low-light shots, which isn't surprising. Try as I might, I was unable to take a good indoor shot outside of the controlled conditions of the PC Labs photo studio. Indoor shots were almost universally noisy or out of focus.. The phone records solid 1080p video at 30fps, but once again autofocus can get thrown off a bit too easily. The 8-megapixel front-facing camera is fine for your average selfie.. The regular One X2 has a 16-megapixel rear camera, but in testing, those extra three megapixels don't make a noticeable difference.. The One X2 Mini still runs Android 6.0.1 Marshmallow, an increasingly dated version of the OS especially now that O is around the corner. Don't count on receiving updates, though on the bright side, Blu hasn't muddied it up too much. It's not quite stock, but most of the UI changes are visual, with some alterations to app icons and the app drawer arranged in alphabetical order.. There's a handful of preinstalled apps like Amazon, Beacon Flashlight, Boss Revolution, Empire, Opera, Uber, and Z-Camera. All of them can be removed aside from Opera, which is the default web browser. Out of 64GB of total storage, you have 51.13GB available. That's plenty, but if you need more you can always toss in a microSD card.. The $180 Blu Life One X2 Mini is nearly identical to its slightly larger sibling. The main difference is in battery life, which is where the original One X2 pulls ahead. The Mini is perfectly solid if you're dead set on a 5-inch phone, but we think the One X2's added battery life is worth the extra $20. If you have even more flexibility in your budget (and don't mind a larger form factor), the Moto G5 Plus is your best option, with faster performance, a sharper camera, and newer software. It's a big improvement all around, and our Editors' Choice.. Bottom Line: The Blu Life One X2 Mini is a compact unlocked phone with a nice build and solid performance, but its slightly larger sibling offers better battery life.. Ajay Kumar is PCMag's Analyst obsessed with all things mobile. Ajay reviews phones, tablets, accessories, and just about any other gadget that can be carried around with you. In his spare time he games on the rig he built himself, collects Nintendo amiibos, and tries his hand at publishing a novel. Hands On: Alcatel Series 5, 3, 1 Phones, 1T Tablets, Linkzone Hotspots. Skyroam Tips $99 4G Roaming Subscription Service. PCMag reviews products independently , but we may earn affiliate commissions from buying links on this page.. Get Our Best Stories! Email Sign Up. Subscribe to What's New Now. This newsletter may contain advertising, deals, or affiliate links. Subscribing to a newsletter indicates your consent to our Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. You may unsubscribe from the newsletters at any time.. Tech on a Budget: 35 Gift Ideas Under $20. 28 Hidden iOS 11 Tips You Need to Know. 13 Must-Have Tech Gifts Under $50. 10 Games Every Nintendo Switch Player Needs. TV Shows to Watch if You Love 'Stranger Things'. How to Master iOS 11's New Control Center. How to Play DVDs in Windows 10. How to Stop Blue Light From Disturbing Your Sleep. PC, PC Magazine and PC PCMag.com are among the federally registered trademarks of Ziff Davis, LLC and may not be used by third parties without explicit permission.. We have updated our PRIVACY POLICY and encourage you to read it by clicking here .. 
Sony Xperia XZ2 and Xperia XZ2 Compact go live with new…. LG V30S ThinQ arrives with an AI-powered camera, more RAM and…. Alcatel 3 Series will be offered in three variants. ZTE USA debuts Tempo Go as first Android Go phone for…. HUAWEI announces a 5G endpoint for telecom carries and the MediaPad…. All Accessory Reviews App Reviews Hardware Reviews Smartphone Reviews. UHANS Max 2 review: A mega-phablet that won’t break the bank. Seven astrology apps for those who want to know what fate…. Blu Vivo X review: Can you get a flagship experience for…. Seven self-help and motivation apps to channel your inner peace. Tricks, tips, and tweaks: 10 things every Pixel 2 absolutely must…. Five Android Oreo features you can install on any Android phone. Five ways to beef up your Instagram privacy. Nine tips & tricks to master Google Keep. How to disable personalized ads on Android. Reviews Smartphone Reviews Blu Life One X2 Mini review. REVIEW OVERVIEW Build Quality Software Display Camera Performance SUMMARY. NOTE: The $50 off launch deal starts at 11:00 EST on March 17 and runs while quantities last. 5.0-inch HD display at 720 x 1280 pixel resolution. 64GB storage with microSD expansion card (64GB). 4G LTE support for two GSM SIM card. We’re in that interesting time of the year where a lot of manufacturers are in the process of launching or announcing their flagship smartphones. Indeed, this is when the big name brands come out with the models which vie for those end-of-year lists. If you’re in the market for a killer experience, this is your time of year. But, do you really need a device that’s got an ever faster processor, more memory, and storage?. Suffice it to say, average phone users don’t demand much of their phones. hardware that comes with high end phones is outpacing the needs of the many. In other words, I’m willing to bet that you don’t need a new phone so much as want one. So, why spend $600-$800 on something when a $200 phone might do the trick for a year or two?. Blu, a brand that we’ve come to respect. for its smartphone strategies, has launched another new handset. Known as the Life One X2 Mini, it’s a refreshed take on an already existing model, the Life One X2 .. If there’s one thing we’ve come to admire in Blu, it’s that they almost always put out. unlocked phones at prices that are very competitive. At one time, this was Blu’s space to own, at least here in the United States. But, with other companies making a push into the market, it’s harder to stand out.. The low-end, which is not exactly comprised of under-powered or terrible phones, is getting increasingly crowded. devices that occupy the middle of the pack today are likely as powerful as that phone you bought only one year back. It’s somewhere in between this space where the One X2 Mini puts a stake in the ground.. One X2 Mini launches at an every day price point of $179.99. However, if you are, or were quick enough to get in on the action on the first day, you can get the phone for only $129.99. There are a number of other models from Blu in this price range; notable competitors include the Motorola G4 Play , the Asus Zenfone 3 , and Huawei Honor 5X .. I was provided a review unit of the Blu Life One X2 Mini and have spent much of the last month using it. I didn’t set out to make it my daily driver, particularly because that’s often a chore. What I found, though, was that I was slowly using it more each day, installing apps and games. By the time this review was published, I had used the phone almost as much as my main phone, the Google Pixel XL .. Let’s talk about the hardware specifications. Considering the price, we shouldn’t anticipate all that much, right? Well, I think it’s time to. reset the bar for what we expect out of an entry-level model.. Do we need 6GB RAM or 8GB RAM on a phone? No way. Nobody needs it, but we might want it. It’s always nice to future proof yourself and get more hardware, especially if you can afford it or justify spending the money.. Did we need 4GB RAM last year? No, but it was nice to have. There aren’t many apps or games that tax that much memory, but we like having reserves. We’re at a point now where 4GB is just about standard. Indeed, the Life One X2 Mini comes with that much memory. Moreover, it has a few other specs that sound out of place when discussing a “low end” model.. Pretty crazy, right? That’s an awful lot of phone — with an affordable price tag and no carrier commitment. Take a look at that phone you bought from your carrier in 2015. This one likely has more hardware and a newer version of Android. Sure, there are going to be differences in places like processors, screen resolution, or camera, but largely this would be better than a sidestep.. Although I, and many other people appreciate a large display that pushes into 5.5-inches or larger, there’s something to be said about one-hand usage. To that end, I really enjoyed using the 5-inch screen on the Life One X2 Mini.. I should point out that the display runs at a 1280 x 720 pixel resolution. If you’re asking why that matters, then it doesn’t matter to you. devices in 2017 are at 1080 pixels or 1440 pixels. By comparison, the Life One X2 Mini’s is not as sharp as it could be. On the other hand, we’re working with a 5-inch screen and the fine details don’t pop up or present much of a problem. If your needs include email, messaging, social media, and light gaming, the Life One X2 Mini’s display is more than sufficient.. In terms of picture quality, we were generally pleased with brightness, color balance, warmth, and contrast. As we’ve seen in other Blu models, there’s nothing in the display that really stands out. It’s one of the corners that are cut to help keep costs down, but it’s not a deep cut. More specifically, it’s as good as most people expect.. The Life One X2 Mini keeps pace with other companies in offering a curved glass around the edge of the display. It’s not on the order of what Samsung does for its “Edge” line, but it does make for a soft and appealing touch. It’s gentle in that it makes for an enjoyable holding or swiping experience without drawing attention. Look closely, though, and you see a nice tapered look along the edges.. You’d have to really look for the pixels in daily usage, but putting it into a Google Cardboard reveals why we prefer lots of tiny dots in our screens. With that said, even using it for Google’s entry-point VR platform works alright.. Blu has again opted for microUSB for charging. instead of the USB Type-C port despite the fact that it has used it in other models. It’s hard to say why they continue to do this, but we’re betting it comes down to cost and available parts. Hey, at least they didn’t put it on the top of the phone like they did on the Life Max .. The bottom of the Life One X2 Mini features what looks like a pair of stereo speakers; however, one of them is for show only. It balances out the look of the phone but don’t expect it to pump out some loud, stereo experience. It’s decent enough in its own right, but it just sounds like what you might think of when someone says “music on a phone”.. As for the feel of the Life One X2 Mini, we were immediate fans. This is a more premium design that rises above Blu’s cheaper materials and provides a classy and sophisticated appearance. The review unit we were sent is Rose Gold which we found to be appealing to both male and female sensibilities.. As often is the case with Blu phones, the camera situation is. In some instances you’ll get tremendous pictures and in others you end up with blurred shots taken in the middle of the day. Although the Life One X2 Mini largely. well-lit environments well, it struggled to deliver an accurate color in lower lighting.. were taken in a variety of lighting scenarios; each was uploaded to Flickr. We’ve also uploaded a few dozen more to Google Drive if you’d like to look at them.. The camera app controls are arranged in pretty standard. manner with the shutter buttons on the right side of the display. Swiping the viewfinder up brings up the settings while. Swipe left and/or right to switch. The Life One X2 Mini camera app offers. including normal, pro, HDR, panorama, and night. As you might expect, the professional mode offers the most tools and settings, giving users options to adjust. focus, exposure (brightness), ISO (speed), white balance, sharpness, and saturation.. Most people tend to stick to normal or automatic settings on their phone. To that end, we suspect users here will be generally happy with the results.. The app is a little slower than we would have liked, particularly when focusing and capture pictures.. Low light really hinders the camera’s ability to focus, leading to a delay in getting the desired photo. Hoping to capture a puppy playing with a new toy in the living room? Turn on as many lights as you can.. noticed the Life One X2 Mini would generate a fair amount of grain in. Switching to video, we captured 1080p HD clips that ultimately echoed the still camera experience. Footage is generally adequate for most people or rather acceptable in well-lit environments. Get closer to sunset or go indoors and you’ll start to see some degradation in quality.. When it comes to Blu and Android builds, we. feel like we say the same things over and over. Specifically, the One X2 Mini is no exception to its long history of an almost pure Android experience.. You’ll find that, while it does come with a couple of extra apps from Amazon, Opera, and Blu, it largely sticks to what Google intends for the platform. Interestingly enough, the experience differs ever so slightly from one Blu model to the next. Nearly every one of them has a different spin on the UI.. This one, for instance, gives users the option to animate swipes on the home screen where previous Blu’s don’t. The app tray is also presented differently here with a list instead of the rows of icons you might be familiar with. Taken as a whole, we like what we get here and think it’s as intuitive as anything else you might find on the market. Actually, because it largely stays with Google’s plans, it’s somewhat better than the skins applied by other phone makers.. Thanks to the standards supported in Android 6.0 Marshmallow, most phones include a fingerprint sensor. Present in the One X2 Mini, it’s an added layer of security for accessing the phone, making payments, and protecting files.. Speaking of security, one area where today’s consumers want to pay attention is in patches. Because a phone is stock Android, or close, doesn’t necessarily mean it’s impervious to tomorrow’s exploitation.. One X2 Mini launches with Android 6.0 instead of 7.0 likely isn’t as big of a deal to its target demographic. that it keeps up with the security releases and patches from Google.. Without knowing ahead of time, we. have to assume Blu keeps up with the most important releases. have to give them the benefit of the doubt. Should someone find a serious flaw or backdoor into Android, we’d like to hope that Blu pushes out the proper updates.. Simply put, there’s more than enough storage and memory here to get you through another year or two of basic and moderate usage. I don’t anticipate the industry moving any quicker in the next couple of years; as long as your needs don’t change, this phone will get the job done.. common in Blu phones is that they come. Moreover, they’re built to handle 4G LTE on T-Mobile and AT&T, and their respective brands like MetroPCS, Straight Talk, Simple Mobile, and Cricket.. Like other Blu phones, the Life One X2 Mini comes with. a charger, earbuds, a USB cable, quick guide, screen protector, and silicone case. The case and screen protector are a nice touch if only because those are often the first two things users pick up when buying a new device.. didn’t run into any performance issues with the Life One X2 Mini, even with its Snapdragon 430 1.4 GHz processor. It might sound as if a 430 would be far inferior to an 820 or 835 (and it is), but most casual users will never know the difference. Hell, I venture to say that the next person you ask couldn’t tell you who even makes processors for a phone, let alone which model is inside their handset.. When reviewing phones it’s easy to look for holes or places where things could be better. The whole notion of evaluating can be a slippery slope, though. Are you looking at the device on its own merit and how it stacks up in the scheme of things? Or, are you running benchmark tests and comparing it to specific models? If you’re the latter, then skip the Life One X2 Mini and pick up something else.. It’s hard for us to look at Blu phones as ever being disappointing. They’ve consistently helped set the expectation for what can be purchased for the money and the Life One X2 Mini is no exception. A few quibbles or random questionable decisions might pop up here and there, but it’s tough to knock the value.. Life One X2 Mini is a a terrific option for someone who likes the freedom of picking GSM carriers, especially in the United States. If you’ve never owned a smartphone, we can easily suggest Blu as a brand to start with. As someone who has bounced from one phone to the next almost every three or four months, it’s hard to put the Life One X2 Mini on the shelf in favor of something more robust.. You’d have a hard time spending more money down the road. Yes, even when Samsung or LG comes out with something that’s waterproof and boasts tons of performance. Sure, you’ll almost always get what you pay for in smartphones, but at a certain point, you’re also just adding to a company’s bottom line.. A friendly reminder: The Blu Life One X2 Mini. launches with a $179.99 price tag with availability through Amazon. A day one promotional price shaves $50 off the sticker, putting it down to a mere $129.99. At $180 the phone is certainly worth considering, but at $130 it’s more of a. “what are you waiting for” situation.. The Life One X2 Mini is a a terrific option for someone who likes the freedom of picking GSM carriers, especially in the United States. If you've never owned a smartphone, we can easily suggest Blu as a brand to start with. There's more than enough here to get the job done for most users and their needs.. TAGS blu blu life one x2 mini life one x2 mini. Previous article Watch out Android Wear, Swatch has plans to develop its own smartwatch OS. Next article Coffee Pot Terrarium is a challenging, gorgeous puzzler (review). In addition to smartphones and mobile gadgets, Scott has a deep appreciation for film, music, and sunflower seeds. A husband and father, he likes spending down time riding his mountain bike or binge-watching TV. Scott has overseen the day-to-day activities of AndroidGuys since 2007.. UHANS Max 2 review: A mega-phablet that won’t break the bank. Blu Vivo X review: Can you get a flagship experience for under $250?. ASUS, Project Tango, and what could have been (ASUS ZenFone AR Review). You say that it has a 3000mAh battery, but it’s listed as only 2300 elsewhere. The specs on BLU’s website lists the battery at 3,000mAh.. Your article lists specs for what must be a different Blu phone. The Blu site lists the processor as a Snapdragon 430 – not MediaTek and The Blu site also list the display as Full HD, not 720p as you mention in this article. It’s also worth noting that the phone is equipped with Qualcomm QuickCharge 3.0. Tricks, tips, and tweaks: 10 things every Pixel 2 absolutely must.... The Pixel 2 is one of the best phones you can buy today. Not just for the hardware, but because of the incredible amount of power in Android 8.0 Oreo. Let us help you customize the experience to your exact liking!. Sony Xperia XZ2 and Xperia XZ2 Compact go live with new.... Sony launches a new pair of flagships with refined design, 18:9 aspect ratio and the powerful Snapdragon 845 processor under the hood.. LG V30S ThinQ arrives with an AI-powered camera, more RAM and.... Alcatel 3 Series will be offered in three variants. Tricks, tips, and tweaks: 10 things every Pixel 2 absolutely must know. Five Android Oreo features you can install on any Android phone. Follow us on Instagram @androidguys. Stop missing deadlines and grab a lifetime license of Aeon Timeline.... Isn't it time you start acting responsibly? Pick up a lifetime license to Aeon Timeline 2 and you'll be better organized and ready to hit deadlines and goals in a timely manner. Save 60% through our store today!. Charge up your phone with a sophisticated looking marble wireless Qi.... Seven astrology apps for those who want to know what fate.... Pay as little as you want to learn Python with our.... Pick up a lifetime 2TB Zoolz cloud storage plan for $50. Tricks, tips, and tweaks: 10 things every Pixel 2 absolutely must know. Five Android Oreo features you can install on any Android phone. Five ways to beef up your Instagram privacy. Now in our tenth year, AndroidGuys loves to provide readers with the latest news and rumors as well as reviews, opinion pieces, and tools to get more from your Android.. 
http:/ / www.phonescoop.com/ articles/ article.php? a=18892. Review: Blu Life One X2 Mini. This inexpensive, unlocked Android smartphone is smaller than its predecessor and yet better in many ways. The Blu Life One X2 Mini is a fine little phone for those who prefer or need to change networks often. It runs Marshmallow and manages to include a 5-inch, full HD screen, Snapdragon processor, and 13-megapixel camera for less than two Benjamins. Here is Phone Scoop's in-depth review.. The Blu Life One X2 Mini is a smaller, slightly less-expensive version of the One X2. It also reins in the specs a bit, but not enough to impact performance in an overly negative way. The One X2 Mini is a low-cost Android handset that aims high with a stylish design and premium features. If you prefer cheap, unlocked smartphones, it's another option to weigh.. Blu did an admirable job bringing a metal-and-glass design to the One X2 Mini, which is almost indistinguishable, visually, from its larger brother. The Mini is a compact handset that merges classy looks with mid-range specs. It could easily be mistaken for a more expensive handset.. Black or white glass forms the front surface of the X2 Mini and it's curved very slightly along the edges to help smooth out how it feels. The rear of the phone is made from a metal shell that wraps around and forms the side edges. It comes in dark gray, gold, or rose gold with a matte finish that I rather like. Shiny, reflective bands run from side-to-side across the top and bottom edges. These bands separate the metal portion of the rear shell from plastic end caps. The plastic is color-matched to the metal fairly well. Other metal accents help break up the front and back surfaces. Overall, the X2 Mini has a conservative, upscale design. It's definitely stylish enough for the club on a Saturday night.. The X2 Mini's 5.0-inch screen is just 0.2 inches smaller than that of the X2. The smaller diagonal helped Blu reduce the Mini's footprint a few millimeters in each dimension. To give you a frame of reference, the X2 Mini is about the exact same size as a Samsung Galaxy S7, or just slightly wider than an iPhone 7. I found the X2 Mini very easy to hold and use with one hand; the size and weight is really nice. People with smaller hands should find the X2 Mini comfortable to use for long periods of time. The phone will fit in most pockets without issue.. The phone feels much better to me than the original thanks to the rear panels, which decidedly feel like quality, solid metal. Moreover, the sharp edges I encountered on the original have been smoothed out. The result of these two changes is a much more enjoyable phone to hold and use. The glass panel on the front is quite nice. The X2 Mini is put together well. I found no gaps in the chassis or between panels. Our X2 Mini review unit is rose gold, which comes with a white face. That means most of the functional elements stand out plainly; an LED flash, chrome earpiece grille, user-facing camera, and sensor module are all visible in the bezel above the screen. These elements would be harder to see on the dark gray model, which has black glass. The chrome-rimmed fingerprint sensor below the display is easy to spot. I'm surprised the accent is flashy silver and not rose gold like the rest of the phone's accents. Why the mismatch, Blu? The sensor doubles as a home button. Travel and feedback are just okay; it requires a lot of travel to get it to react. You can also set the button to act like a trackpad. (This feature is turned off by default.) There are no other buttons on the front, as the X2 Mini uses software controls for interacting with the user interface.. The side edges of the X2 Mini have a pleasing rounded profile. (The X2 Mini does away with the uncomfortably sharp lip of the X2.) The totally smooth shape is much more friendly to your hand. The screen lock key and volume toggle are on the right. These buttons have good profiles, making them a cinch to find without looking. The SIM and memory card tray is on the left edge. The X2 Mini supports either two nano SIM cards, which means you can have two accounts/numbers associated with the phone if you want, or one SIM and one microSD card. The 3.5mm headphone jack is on top and the microUSB (no USB-C) port is on the bottom.. Blu pressed the rear panel's metal into a nice shape. The phone is at its thickest in the middle and tapers a bit towards the sides. As mentioned above, the metal accents, metal shell, and plastic end caps all work well together. The Mini's rear shell is sealed on tight. That means the X2 Mini doesn't provide any sort of access to the battery.. The Blu Life One X2 Mini may be smaller than its older brother, but it's mightier, thanks to some smart design tweaks.. The X2 Mini's screen measures 5.0 inches across the diagonal and includes full HD resolution. I was pleased with the sharpness and clarity of text, icons, and so on. It's hard to go wrong with this size/resolution. The LCD panel puts out plenty of light for indoor use, but outdoor viewability could be better. Viewing angles are average; I didn't see a color shift when tilting the phone around, but the brightness drops pretty significantly. It's more than adequate for a sub-$200 phone.. Blu sells the X2 Mini unlocked. The phone is compatible with LTE Bands 2, 4, 7, 12, and 17, which means it works with AT&T/Cricket and T-Mobile/MetroPCS. It would be nice if it supported bands 5, 29, 30, and 66, but these aren't essential for basic connectivity. I tested the X2 Mini on AT&T's network in and around New York City. The phone performed about on par with other unlocked phones I've evaluated in recent months. Phone calls connected on the first attempt, and the X2 Mini didn't miss any calls nor drop any (even at highway speeds).. Data speeds were fine, but not the fastest I've seen. I didn't run in any issues with standard comm apps, like email or social networks. Streaming music via Spotify and video via YouTube worked best if I dialed back the quality a bit.. The X2 Mini is an average voice phone. The earpiece delivers plenty of volume for use in and around your home or office. You do have to turn it all the way up to hear calls in a moving car or on city streets. Voice clarity ranges from decent to very good. I heard some distortion on occasion, though the majority of calls were clear. People I spoke to through the X2 Mini said I sounded good.. The speakerphone is not quite as loud as I hoped. I had no trouble hearing speakerphone calls at home, but in the car or walking around New York City required me to crank it. Music, ringers, and alerts can all be loud enough to get your attention. The vibrate alert is powerful enough to get your attention when the phone is in your pants, but not when it is in a winter jacket pocket.. The X2 Mini's smaller screen doesn't do enough to offset the 25% drop in battery capacity when compared to the X2. The 2,300 mAh power cell in the Mini is just barely adequate. It gets the phone from breakfast to bedtime, but with no power to spare. It's always gasping for breath before my last TV show of the evening runs out. Toss in any battery-draining activities such as gaming or YouTube and the phone will be more apt to konk out just after dinner.. Thankfully the X2 Mini supports rapid charging via Quick Charge 3.0. Plug the phone in for just 30 minutes and you'll net a huge 80% charge. Even better, the phone includes a fast charger in the box.. I saw perfectly normal performance from the X2 Mini's Bluetooth, GPS, and WiFi radios over the course of a week.. The X2 Mini's Bluetooth radio has no trouble finding and connecting to other nearby device. Calls made via my car's hands-free system worked perfectly and sounded pretty decent. Music sounded just so-so via my favorite pair of headphones. The phone's GPS radio was consistent. It was able to find me in about 10 seconds and resolved my location to within about 20 feet. It didn't exhibit any lag or speed issues when used as a real-time navigation device.. The X2 Mini doesn't have NFC.. Blu Shows Off the Unlocked Life One X2 Mini. Blu today announced the Life One X2 Mini, a smaller version of the One X2 that carries over the basic design and fingerprint reader of the original. The Mini sports a 5-inch full HD screen, Snapdragon 430 processor with 4 GB of RAM, 64 GB of storage, and support for memory cards.. Blu is back with another Android handset for U.S. consumers who prefer the unlocked life.. Blu's latest unlocked smartphone for the U.S. market is the Life One X3.. Blu's latest Android smartphone is the inexpensive Life One X2. It offers a premium metal-and-glass appearance paired with mid-range specs and performance.. The Studio Selfie marks Blu's first real push into the U.S. 4 GB RAM 3,000 mAh battery. Headphone Jack (3.5mm), Fingerprint Reader, Memory Card Slot. This website says battery is 3,000... The data I was given by Blu says 2,300mAh, as does the Amazon.com listing. That's what I have to go with.. I just sent Blu a message asking them to clarify the battery size. When they get back to me, I will post the email here.. Blu sent me the email, they said they apologize for the inconvenience (??) and that the phone does have a 3000 mAh battery, and they will contact Amazon to make the correction. I let them know that I saw this on www.Phonescoop.com, but they did not a... Subscribe to news & reviews with RSS. Review: Kingston DataTraveler Duo Bolt for iPhone. The Kingston DataTraveler Duo Bolt is a small thumb drive that plugs into the bottom of your iPhone and saves all your photos and videos. If you're looking for a quick way to free up space on your iOS device, the DataTraveler Duo Bolt is ideal in certain situations.. Review: Tech 21 Evo Check Case for Pixel 2 XL. Tech 21's latest accessory for the Google Pixel 2 XL is the Evo Check, a three-layer case that provides protection for drops up to three meters. We put this case to the test to see if it's worth your hard-earned dollars.. Review: ZTE Avid 4 for MetroPCS. ZTE's latest low-cost handset for MetroPCS offers entry-level specs and performance. It includes a 5-inch screen, 8-megapixel camera, and Android 7 Nougat. MetroPCS customers can score this handset for next to nothing, but there might be better options. Here is Phone Scoop's in-depth review.. Review: IK Multimedia iRig Pro I/O for iPhone. The iRig Pro I/O is a compact audio interface that lets musicians, singers, and podcasters connect their instruments or microphones to Apple iPhones, iPads, and Macs. It takes all the best features of the larger iRig Pro Duo and boils them down to the most essential tools in a highly portable package.. Review: Coolpad Revvl Plus for T-Mobile. The Revvl Plus is an affordable Android slab that delivers an enormous screen at a reasonable price point. Stand-out features include a dual-camera system for capturing bokeh-style portraits, and a fingerprint reader for security. Here is Phone Scoop's in-depth report.. Review: WeBoost Drive Sleek In-Car Signal Booster. WeBoost's Drive Sleek in-vehicle signal booster amplifies wireless signals inside your car. If you're a mobile professional or road trip fanatic and need better wireless performance when behind the wheel, the WeBoost can help.. Hands On with the Samsung Galaxy S9 and S9+. Samsung's new flagship handsets, the Galaxy S9 and S9+, are here and they offer lots to be excited about. Samsung took the wining design of last year's phones and upped the ante with improvements to the chassis, cameras, and software.. Review: Speck Presidio Ultra Case for iPhone X. Speck's newest case for the Apple iPhone X, the Presidio Ultra, is a three-piece kit that includes a base case, an extra bumper, and a rugged holster. If you need hardcore protection with a little bit of flexibility throughout the day, the Presidio Ultra is an interesting entry.. Subscribe to Phone Scoop News with RSS. Subscribe to Phone Scoop on YouTube. All content Copyright 2001-2018 Phone Factor, LLC. Content on this site may not be copied or republished without formal permission.. By registering, you agree to our Terms of Use. We value your privacy and will never share your email address. 
more ... more .... more ... more .... MEMORY: 64 GB + MicroSD. View all photos (6). Lots of RAM (4 GB RAM). The BLU Life One X2 Mini sports a 5-inch 1080p screen, 1.4 GHz octa-core processor, 4 GB of RAM, 64 GB of storage, 13-megapixel main camera and an 8-megapixel selfie unit.. Dimensions: 5.59 x 2.74 x 0.34 inches (142 x 69.6 x 8.7 mm). Weight: 5.36 oz (152 g) the average is 5.6 oz (159 g). Resolution: 1080 x 1920 pixels. Features: Scratch-resistant glass (Corning Gorilla Glass 3), Ambient light sensor, Proximity sensor. Pixel density - The pixel density of a display represents the number of pixels over an area of one inch. It’s measured in “pixels per inch”, or ppi. The higher the number, the more detailed and good-looking the display is.. Technology - There are two main screen technologies currently used in phones and tablets: LCD and AMOLED. The former usually features a light source and liquid crystals, while the latter is based on organic light-emitting diodes. Newer LCD variations like IPS-LCD and Super-LCD allow for very accurate color reproduction and very wide viewing angles, where no significant image quality loss is observed. Current AMOLED screens differ in such a way that they can exhibit much more saturated colors (sometimes too much) and incredibly high contrast levels, which is due to black color being completely black in AMOLED displays.. Screen-to-body ratio - Shows what part of the frontal area of a phone its screen occupies.. Software Features: Touch to focus, Face detection, Geo tagging. Shooting Modes: High Dynamic Range mode (HDR), Panorama. Aperture size - The aperture of a camera is the opening through which light travels before it reaches the camera sensor. The smaller the number is, the bigger this opening is, allowing for more light to pass.. Octa-core, 1400 MHz, ARM Cortex-A53, 64-bit, 28 nm. System chip - Most modern handsets use an advanced chip that includes many of the device’s hardware modules like the processor, Wi-Fi, Bluetooth and sometimes even the wireless radio. This field shows what particular system chip (or System-on-a-Chip) is used in the phone.. Processor - The processor is the main computing component of a phone and is a major factor when it comes to the overall speed of the device. Some more powerful smartphones use dual-core and quad-core processors designed to deliver greater performance.. Graphics processor - The graphics processor is important for the smooth operation of the system and especially in games and other applications that may involve complex graphics and animations.. System memory - System memory, or RAM memory is the type of memory that the device uses to temporarily store data from the OS or currently-running apps. The more RAM available to the device, the better the performance will be when multiple or heavier programs are running.. Built-in storage - Bigger storage capacity allows you to keep more content saved onto your device, such as more applications, photos or video. Games and video content typically take up the biggest amount of storage space.. Storage expansion - Some handsets allow you to expand their storage capacity by using a memory expansion card – most often microSD. Expansion memory is mostly suitable for media storage, such as photo, video or music content.. Talk time: 26.00 hours the average is 20 h (1229 min). Stand-by time: 30.2 days (725 hours) the average is 21 days (502 h). Talk time (3G): 16.00 hours the average is 19 h (1147 min). Stand-by time (3G): 26.0 days (625 hours) the average is 25 days (590 h). Capacity - The bigger, the better! However, battery capacity is not the only factor that has an effect on battery life. Those include the chipset in use, the software running on the device, as well as the consumer's unique usage pattern.. Multimedia Screen mirroring: Wireless screen share. Filter by: Album, Artist, Genre, Playlists. Features: Album art cover, Background playback. Cellular GSM: 850, 900, 1800, 1900 MHz. UMTS: 850, 1700/2100, 1900, 2100 MHz. LTE (FDD): Bands 2, 4, 7, 12, 17. Data: LTE Cat 4 (150/50 Mbit/s), HSDPA+ (4G) 42.2 Mbit/s, HSPA, HSUPA, UMTS. Other features: Voice dialing, Voice commands, Voice recording. Features: Mass storage device, USB charging. Other: Tethering, Computer sync, OTA sync. Positioning - This field shows the positioning systems supported by the device. The most common types are GPS and A-GPS.. GPS - This is one of the most widespread global positioning technologies, developed and maintained by the U.S. It uses satellites in order to detect your location. A-GPS - A-GPS stands for Assisted GPS and is the industry standard for positioning and navigation. “Assisted” means that it can use local wireless networks, in addition to satellites, for quicker and more precise localization.. Availability Officially announced: 17 Mar 2017. FCC approval - The Federal Communications Commission (FCC) is an independent United States government agency, directly responsible to Congress. The FCC was established by the Communications Act of 1934 and is charged with regulating interstate and international communications by radio, television, wire, satellite and cable. The FCC's jurisdiction covers the 50 states, the District of Columbia, and U.S. Every wireless phone device that is sold in the U.S. has to be tested and approved for sale by the FCC.. Date approved - Shows the date when the particular phone is approved by the Federal Communications Commission. FCC ID value - Shows the FCC Identifying value of the particular phone. FCC measured SAR - Working closely with federal health and safety agencies, such as the Food and Drug Administration (FDA), the FCC has adopted limits for safe exposure to radiofrequency (RF) energy. These limits are given in terms of a unit referred to as the Specific Absorption Rate (SAR), which is a measure of the amount of radio frequency energy absorbed by the body when using a mobile phone. The FCC requires cell phone manufacturers to ensure that their phones comply with these objective limits for safe exposure. Any cell phone at or below these SAR levels (that is, any phone legally sold in the U.S.) is a "safe" phone, as measured by these standards. The FCC limit for public exposure from cellular telephones is an SAR level of 1.6 watts per kilogram (1.6 W/kg).. To see the full specifications with in-depth details click here.. Despite our efforts to provide full and correct BLU Life One X2 Mini specifications, there is always a possibility of making a mistake. If you see any wrong or incomplete data, please LET US KNOW .. If you are interested in using our specs commercially, check out our Phone specs database licensing page.. $150 Buy. Gear S4 may come with a blood pressure monitor, Samsung patent reveals. Google Pay launches today, but its most important feature is not here yet. Galaxy S9 and S9+ previewed in glorious detail with full specs and release date. Galaxy S9 and S9+ price and release date on Verizon, AT&T, T-Mobile and Best Buy. The Samsung Galaxy S9 and S9+ have game-changing cameras with variable aperture and 960fps slow-mo video recording. The Big Barcelona Camera Comparison: iPhone X vs Pixel 2 XL vs Note 8. Samsung Galaxy S9 and S9+ rumor review: Specs, design, features, price and release date. Sony presents Xperia XZ2 and XZ2 Compact: new design and Snapdragon 845. Galaxy S9 Exynos edition gets benchmarked against rivals!. Galaxy S9 first camera comparison vs iPhone X, V30, S8. Samsung Galaxy S9 & S9+ hands-on. MWC 2018: top smartphones to expect. Best smartphone you can buy in 2018. Allo is a quality app, but Google isn't giving it a real chance. All content (phone reviews, news, specs, info), design and layouts are Copyright 2001-2018 phoneArena.com. Reproduction in whole or in part or in any form or medium without written permission is prohibited! Privacy. 
BLU Life One X2 Mini Review – Things Are Getting Better All the Time. Android , Pocketables , Reviews. CONCLUSION – LIFE ONE X2 MINI. Qualcomm Snapdragon 430, 1.4 GHz Octa Core. 13 MP with LED Flash, PDAF. 8 MP with LED Flash, Wide Angle. BLU is a company that I’ve had the chance to cover previously at Pocketables. I really enjoyed using the Vivo 5R that was released last September. Since then, they have received some bad press over collecting user data on certain models but that seems to be all cleared up now. Enter the Life One X2 Mini , BLU’s newest budget-friendly phone and the follow-up to the Life One X2. The Life One X2 Mini checks in at only $180 yet packs in a lot of the features typically reserved for hero devices.. BLU continues to impress me with their phone design. The Life One X2 Mini is a beautiful phone. It’s wrapped in a rounded machined aluminum housing and is available in three colors – grey, gold, and rose gold (aka pink). The glass on the front also has nice rounded edges that make the phone very comfortable to hold and use. There are no sharp edges anywhere – even the buttons are satisfactorily curvesome.. The screen is a pleasant 5.0 inches. It’s funny to think of 5 inches as “mini” but in today’s smartphone world it is. The phone is very pocketable ;). I really enjoy stepping down to this screen size. It sort of makes me pine for the days of the OG Moto X and the HTC M7 with their 4.7 inch screens.. The front bezel phone is color matched to the rear housing (except on the rose gold model – it’s white) which makes for a nice look. The side bezels are quite thin while the top and bottom bezels are a little larger. They’re roughly similar to those found on the iPhone 6 and 7 series. They aren’t overly large nor do they really detract from the overall look of the phone. Nestled in the bottom bezel is a silver-rimmed oval fingerprint reader/home button. The button is recessed so that it is level with the screen. Above the screen is the front camera and front flash. Around back is the camera (with it’s slight bump). There is a headphone jack up top and Micro-USB port on the bottom.. It’s hard to find any flaws with the Life One X2 Mini from a design perspective. Due to the excellent materials and design, it’s one of the best feeling phones I’ve ever used. There’s nothing cheap or subpar about it which is pretty amazing given its low price point.. The screen on the Life One X2 Mini is beautiful. It’s a 5 inch IPS LCD @ 1920×1080 which gives you an excellent 440 ppi. The display is sharp, clear, and bright. I prefer AMOLED screens to LCD, personally, but there’s something to be said for the more natural tones that LCD’s typically provide. Blacks aren’t as deep on an LCD but that wasn’t really a problem after my eyes adjusted to using an LCD screen. Viewing angles are VERY good – basically up to 90 degrees. Visibility in direct sunlight is a bit iffy. It’s barely tolerable at full brightness in the full Florida sun. Any other conditions, though, were fine.. This is the first BLU phone I’ve used with a Qualcomm processor and I’ve really noticed a difference over previous MediaTek devices. It has the octa-core Snapdragon 430, clocked @ 1.4 GHz, and 4 GB of RAM. The SD 430 was released in September 2015 but it holds up well today. I literally did not experience a single performance hiccup while testing the Life One X2 Mini. As a result, app loads and transitions were all seamless. Testing it side-by-side against my Moto Z with it’s Snapdragon 820 there’s almost no appreciable difference. The app drawer loads ever so slightly fast on the Moto Z and apps launch a hair quicker. But it isn’t really something you’ll notice unless you are staring at two phones side-by-side. It’s hard to overstate how impressed I am by the Life One X2 Mini.. Often budget phones, especially MediaTek based ones, will begin to show chinks in the armor when you try to use them for 3D gaming. That hasn’t been the case with the Life One X2 Mini. My standard test game for 3D is CSR Racing 2. The Life One X2 Mini handled it quite well with no jerkiness. The game even loads relatively quickly – about 30 seconds in my testing. Other titles like Hitman Sniper run, if a little sluggishly. I wouldn’t buy a sub-$200 phone with the expectation of using it for 3D gaming but it is nice to know that the Life One X2 Mini can handle modern phone gaming well, for the most part.. The Life One X2 Mini scored 2070 for multi-core CPU and 1671 for GPU benchmarking in Geekbench 4. That puts it about in line with the Nexus 5X which is pretty good at this price. It’s actually slightly lower than the Vivo 5R I reviewed last year. Of course, benchmarks don’t tell the whole story. The Life One X2 Mini offers a smoother experience and better day-to-day use than the Vivo 5R did.. As is usual with BLU’s phones that Life One X2 Mini ships with aged software. It’s running Android 6.0.1 Marshmallow with little to no hope of ever seeing an OS upgrade. That said, as of this writing Marshmallow still holds up as a “good enough” version of Android. It still looks modern and with the move of more and more OS features into Google Play Services, etc., it isn’t too much of a burden to be stuck on 6.0.1.. One problem I’ve had with BLU phones in the past is the launcher. It has always been a cheap imitation of iOS and was always the first thing I replaced on a new device. The Life One X2 Mini ships with the much improved My Launcher 6.0. It has, shockingly, an app drawer and options for adjusting the look and feel of the home screens. The app drawer scrolls vertically and is paginated alphabetically. It works well and is a welcome improvement on previous efforts.. Much of the phone software is very close to stock. The settings app is basically the stock android one. The pull down shade is mostly stock though the quick access buttons are lightly skinned to look like Samsung’s TouchWiz. Overall the effect is pleasing, something helped by the smooth operation of the phone.. One notable departure from stock is the screenshot software. It has some really cool features that I’d really like to see on other phones. When a screenshot is captured you are immediately shown a full screen preview. From there you can choose to save the screenshot, discard it, edit it, share it, or take a full page shot. Saving is accomplished by flinging the picture down and deleting is done by flinging up. If you take no action the image is automatically saved after a couple of seconds. Editing the image gives you some basic manipulation options. Choosing the full page option will capture a new image that incorporates the totality of whatever app you are using. The software will scroll down the entire webpage you are visiting, for example. It’s a cool feature to have and one that I could have used many times in the past.. It’s no surprise that the cameras on the Life One X2 Mini are only middling. It has a 13 megapixel rear facing camera and an 8 megapixel forward facing one. The forward facing camera is wide angle and does feature a flash – still somewhat of a novelty – but I wouldn’t say that either approaches the quality you’ll see on modern Samsung, Apple, or LG phones. It’s a lot more like Moto’s efforts than anything else. Which is to say they’ll do the job but won’t be confused for professional devices. You definitely can capture good images with proper lighting. The camera is about as good as I’d expect on a device at this price.. The Life One X2 Mini packs a 3000 mAh battery and I find that’s a pretty good size for a phone with a 5 inch display. I can easily make it through a day of use with four to five hours of screen time. Since BLU has moved to a Qualcomm platform the Life One X2 Mini also supports Quick Charge 3.0 for fast recharging. There’s no wireless charging on-board but that need is mostly obviated by the presence of QC 3.0.. Value is the category that BLU really hammers home. It’s amazing what sort of package your $180 gets you. First, there’s an extremely attractive phone that has premium features like a front flash, aluminum body, super-fast fingerprint reader, 4GB RAM, and standard 64 GB storage. Then there’s everything the BLU adds in the box like a screen protector, silicone case, earbuds, and quick charger. Add to that that it’s unlocked and works on all GSM networks (ATT, T-Mobile, etc but not Verizon or Sprint) and BLU has really delivered. This is a phone you can hand to someone and they probably will have no idea you paid less than $200 for it.. I love the BLU Life One X2 Mini. It’s a fantastic phone full of big features that are packed into a mini (!) package. With the $180 price BLU is clearly targeting Moto’s G series and Samsung’s Galaxy J phones. I think they’ve done everything they can to go toe-to-toe against those heavyweights and in many ways have surpassed them. The budget segment of the smartphone market continues to get better and BLU is doing their part to push it forward. Pick one up today @ Amazon .. BLU budget life one x2 mini review. I'm a long-time tech and gadget enthusiast that currently uses Android, Windows 10 Mobile, and iOS devices. I'm always interested in ways to improve my family's life with new devices and services, though my beautiful wife might just say I'm addicted to playing with gadgets.. Jabra Speak 710 speakerphone/wireless speaker review. Eyedro Wireless Home Electricity Monitor review. iClever Bluetooth Speaker BTS05 – review. Check Out This Disney Parks Exclusive OtterBox Case. Huawei Mate 10 Pro review, a week in. [DEAL] The BLU VIVO X is On Sale for $199 for a Limited Time. Get a grip on your games with Gamevice. Talking to your kids about Meltdown and Spectre. Post was not sent - check your email addresses!. Email check failed, please try again. Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.. 
The next video is starting stop. BLU Life One X2 Mini Review. Want to watch this again later?. Sign in to add this video to a playlist.. Sign in to report inappropriate content.. Sign in to make your opinion count.. Sign in to make your opinion count.. The interactive transcript could not be loaded.. Rating is available when the video has been rented.. This feature is not available right now. BLU is back with another smartphone to tempt you with. The Life One X2 Mini is a more powerful variant of the Life One X2. It features a 5.0-inch 1920x1080 display with Corning Gorilla Glass 3, 64GB internal memory, Snapdragon 430 octa-core processor with 4GB RAM, 13MP main camera, 8MP front camera, 4G LTE and Android 6.0 Marshmallow. For $179, do you think the Life One X2 Mini is worth it? BLU Life One X2 Mini on Amazon: http://amzn.to/2mAPajb Check out Beau HD's personal channel: http://goo.gl/E5iM4N PhoneDog: http://www.PhoneDog.com Twitter: http://twitter.com/PhoneDog Facebook: https://www.facebook.com/phonedog Google Plus: https://plus.google.com/+phonedog Instagram: http://instagram.com/phonedog. When autoplay is enabled, a suggested video will automatically play next.. Blu Life One X3 - The $150 Smartphone. All Paramore Songs Playlist (with lyrics) Sylva Williams. BLU Life ONE X2 Mini Unboxing and Review. This Blu Life One X2 Android Phone is ONLY $150!. Blu Life One X2 Mini Review - $179 Compact Small Android Unlocked Smartphone. BLU Life One X2 Mini vs Life One X Comparision. The Super Smartphone You've Never Heard Of.... BLU R1 HD Review: A $100 smartphone that packs a punch!. Average North Korean vs the Average South Korean - People Comparison. $70 Fake iPhone 7 Plus vs $900 iPhone 7 Plus in Jet Black!. BLU Life One X2 Unboxing and First Look. When an Amateur Challenges a ​Chess Grandmaster. Blu Life One X2 mini Last Word Review ( Premium Phone on the Cheap). Blu Life One X2 Android Smartphone Review - $199 1080p 4GB RAM 64GB. Razer Phone Unboxing - My New Daily Driver?. BLU ONE LIFE X2 MINI Review! Best Budget Smartphone (King) Under $200?. Why I Switched to iPhone (...and back again). Sign in to add this to Watch Later. 
BLU's $180 Life One X2 Mini sports a 5-inch 1080p display, 4GB of RAM, 64GB of storage, and Marshmallow (???). 2017/03/17 8:34pm PST Mar 17, 2017. BLU Products Life One X2 News. Source: Amazon , BLU. BLU has a history of producing affordable phones with decent-enough specs. Some may have had software issues in the past ( including a spyware incident ), but they're solid phones for the money. Following that trend is the Life One X2 Mini, which offers some pretty impressive hardware for the low price of $180.. The Life One X2 Mini (jeez, what a mouthful) measures in at 142mm tall, 69.6mm wide, and 8.7mm thick. It sports a 5.0" 1080p display, which isn't really all that "mini," especially considering. the standard X2 's 5.2" panel. Other specs include a layer of Gorilla Glass 3 above that 5-inch screen, a Snapdragon 430 (shared with the X2), an impressive 4GB of RAM, a lofty 64GB of storage, and a microSD slot. BLU is specifically touting the fact that the X2 Mini is the first phone with 4GB of RAM for under $180. (update: it's actually 2300mAh, according to the Amazon listing). battery, an FM radio, T-Mobile band 12 and AT&T band 17 LTE support, but no ac WiFi.. Camera-wise, X2 Mini has a 13MP Sony IMX258 sensor with an f/2.2 aperture and PDAF. This sensor has been used on a ton of other phones, including the LG G6 (I was surprised too), Sony Xperia XA, OnePlus X, and Xiaomi Mi5s Plus. Video is, unfortunately, capped at 1080p at 30fps. The front-facing camera is an 8MP unit with LED flash, which could come in handy if you frequently take selfies in the dark.. In traditional BLU fashion, though, the X2 Mini ships with Android 6.0.1 Marshmallow. It's been over six months since Nougat began rolling out, yet a brand new phone, in March of 2017, is shipping with Marshmallow. Average consumers probably won't care at all. about this, but BLU seems to be somewhat targeting the enthusiast market with this phone's 4GB of RAM and 64GB of storage. This also doesn't inspire confidence for timely updates in the future.. Come on, guys; we know you can do better than this.. If you're still somehow interested, the Life One X2 Mini is already up for sale on Amazon for $179.99 in Grey, Gold, and Apple-style Rose Gold. From 11am to 5pm EST today (March 17th), it was on sale for $50 off, but that promotion has obviously since ended. Personally, I wouldn't touch a new phone that's running Marshmallow with a ten-foot pole, no matter how discounted it is.. Network: (GSM/GPRS/EDGE) 850/900/1800/1900 MHz, (4G HSPA+ 42Mbps) 850/1700/1900/2100 MHz, (4G LTE Up to 150Mbps) 2/4/7/12/17. Display: 5.0-inch 1080 x 1920, 440 ppi. Processor: Qualcomm Snapdragon 430, 1.4 GHz Octa-Core with. Rear – 13.0 megapixel, PDAF with LED Flash, (1.1mm pixel. size, 1/3 inch sensor, f2.2mm aperture. Front – 8.0 megapixel, LED Flash. Connectivity: Wi-Fi a/b/g/n, GPS, Bluetooth v4.0, Hotspot, FM Radio. Memory: 4GB RAM, 64GB Internal Memory, Micro SD Slot up to 64GB. Dimensions: 142 x 69.6 x 8.7 mm. Available Colors: Grey, Rose Gold , Gold. BLU Products Releases Compact Version of the Popular Life One X2 with the New BLU Life One X2 Mini. MIAMI , March 17, 2017 /PRNewswire/ --. BLU Products, the market leader in unlocked devices in. the United States , introduced the BLU Life One X2 Mini, the slimmer and more compact version of the Life One X2 launched in September of last year. The success of the BLU Life One X2 was attributed to its high level of performance, features, and focus on user experience, at a price point never before available, leading to rave reviews from customers and experts. The New BLU Life One X2 Mini has added significant improvements in design, premium build quality, and tremendous value being the only smartphone available with 4GB RAM at. "The Life One X2 Mini brings flagship specs to consumers who don't want break the bank, spending $600-$700 on a mobile device," said Samuel Ohev-Zion CEO of BLU Products. "With the release of the new BLU Life One X2 Mini, you can't go wrong with the mini's striking design packed with desirable specs, like 64GB + 4GB RAM making it a remarkable device for this price segment.". The BLU Life One X2 Mini is a premium full metal body design that incorporated precision and fine craftsmanship. Utilizing aircraft grade aluminum on the battery cover, finished off with a diamond cut polished edge, the integrity and hand held experience is superior. The combination of state of the art material along with brilliant engineering result in a thin 8.7mm smartphone that is perfect. Liquid like curved glass touch screen available in gold, white and jet black gives the display an elegant and smooth appearance that is sure to attract attention. Available in Gold, Grey and Rose Gold .. The Life One X2 Mini boasts a remarkable 5-inch 1080p Full HD Curved Glass Display with an impressive 440ppi density that is truly an incredible sight. Topped off by an extra layer of Corning Gorilla Glass 3 to protect it from cracks and scratches.. The Qualcomm® Snapdragon™ 430 processor offers the BLU Life One X2 Mini a 30% increase in performance compared to previous generation, with a rich feature set, integrated X6 LTE, cutting-edge camera technology with dual-Image Signal processors, and a next-generation GPU mean the BLU Life One X2 Mini supports fast downloads and uploads, stunning graphics and photos with battery life to spare.. 1080p Full HD at 60 frames a second means smooth, fluid interfaces and high quality video. The Qualcomm® Adreno 505 GPU means that efficient, high-quality graphics performance and extended battery life.. The BLU Life One X2 Mini comes with a generous 64GB internal storage, plus a whopping 4GB RAM. More internal memory and RAM answers the requests of several fans who have been asking for higher memory smartphones from BLU. The BLU Life One X2 Mini will be the first phone ever to offer 4GB RAM for under. The BLU Life One X2 Mini include a Sony IMX258 13.0 Megapixel Main Camera with Phase Detection Autofocus (PDAF), 5P lens, and f2.2 aperture which will capture crisp images quickly and easily. The front camera includes a Wide-Angle 8.0 Megapixel Sensor with LED Flash as well as several software enhancement features such as face beautification, Wide Selfie, HDR, Panorama and many more.. The BLU Life One X2 Mini is equipped with a built in fingerprint sensor which allows for seamless unlocking of the phone, improved security for files, and other fingerprint security features available.. In addition to the appealing design and technology, the BLU Life One X2 Mini still packs more goodies. A large 3,000mAh battery which is guaranteed to last you at least one full day, full 4G LTE coverage nationwide on GSM Networks in the. including Bands 12 and 17, while inside the box will be awesome value, including a stereo headset, case, and screen protector free.. The BLU Life One X2 Mini is available on Amazon.com for $179.99. For a limited time, the Life One X2 Mini will be available at. 11:00am EST until 5:00pm EST , while supplies last. The BLU Life One X2 Mini will be available in. Grey, Gold, Rose Gold .. Customers who wish to purchase the BLU Life One X2 Mini can visit the following link:. You can learn more about the new BLU Life One X2 Mini here:. BLU Products Contact: Carmen Gonzalez , Marketing Director [email. Tags amazon android marshmallow blu boooooooo life one x2 life one x2 mini rage. Super Mario Run is making its way to the Play Store on Thursday, March 23rd. [Deal Alert] Logitech Harmony Ultimate Home down to $149.95 at Best Buy. [Update: APK now available] Google releases Assistant Go app on the Play Store. 2018/02/06 4:45am PST Feb 6, 2018. [Update x2: Hotfix supplement] Google changed the build number format in Oreo—here's how to read it. 2018/02/20 8:21pm PST Feb 20, 2018. Google's Calculator app hits 100 million downloads on the Play Store. 2018/01/31 9:34pm PST Jan 31, 2018. I don't know if I should hold my breath over the fact that because it runs on the Snapdragon 430, we'll get to see maybe *some* development over at XDA. I'm sure they'll take care of developing for this, they have devs that are itching for budget, to midrange phones to pimp out. As long as it has a snapdragon, and a way to root. I'm running 7.1.1 on a honor 5X , that was, then wasn't going to be updated , got tired of the bull, and custom rommed it. I don't see why they wouldn't, but you may have to ask for development, in the forums.. They haven't for any of their other phones.. That's a lot of phone for $180. BLU phones usually sell pretty well. Because of Marshmallow? I hate to break it to you but 99% of the people who will buy this phone don't give a shit whatsoever what version of Android it runs.. Launching a phone with Marshmallow in 2017 is unacceptable.. A lot of smaller companies don't have the man power to chase an ever moving traget. They need to finalize the software, otherwise they will never ship anything. I am not seeing anything wrong with this.. Umm, 7.0 has been available since August 2016. And was definitely finalized by the end of October. There is zero excuse for a phone to be coming out with Marshmallow, when Nougat has already been on the market for 6+ months.. Developing a software taking so much time. You can throw 7.0 on it but everything would be broke, or you can throw something that already work.. Also, it's just a $180 phone. Don't forget that they also need to maintain other phone aside from this.. I know, that for most common people, developing a program is like clicking on Play button and voila, the program is ready.. Blu doesn't develop the software, or make the phone. They're outsource 100% of the phone, typically to China. The phones is made there, and usually the same company makes the software, occasionally a different company does so. This is why there phones vary so much. Some are mainly stock, some are heavily modified and come with translation mistakes. As far as updating goes, it's a crap shoot. They rarely update anything, but sometimes they'll send small updates, and rarely full version OS updates. Android Police either doesn't know, or mention this. They make it sound Like BLU, based In Miami, is an American company that makes phones. You're getting random Chinese stuff and a little more support than you would if you bought from China. Man that was way longer than I intended it to be.. And where are all the American made phones? Doesn't Apple make phones in China? I agree that you're not likely to get updates or support for this phone. But you're getting some decent hardware for the price.. Mainly all hardware is made in China. The software however is made in the US. In fact, that security issue mentioned in the article was from leftover Chinese software. Software plays as big a part as hardware. Wimpy phones can run very well with well-made software. Security should also be a big concern.. Umm, Android 7.0 was done MONTHS ago. Does it really take 6 months to update drivers? No. You act as if BLU has to be the ones to build and compile Android from scratch themselves. Literally all the hard work has already been done for every single OEM by the time they go to release a phone. If they want to waste time and resources with bloatware and proprietary software, they have only themselves to blame for releasing an outdated OS that has already been on the market for over a year.. We are not privy to the details. I can think of plenty of excuses, actually. I am sure you can also if you think about it hard enough.. Lol @ 6 months being plenty of time to perfect software.. And if they don't keep up to date they will never sell enough phones to re more people to work on software. Most people don't give a fuck or even know about whether it's Marshmallow or Nougat.. Maybe they could do a little better if they stop releasing endless almost identical mt6580 devices. A $180 phone doesnt launch with $700 phone software. Not to mention their phones are just rebrands of stuff that already came out in other countries. Blu aren't actually designing these things. They are picking out sets they think will do good in the States, and importing them with their branding attached.. Samsung has released devices in 2017 with Marshmallow. LG has released devices in 2017 with Marshmallow. Some are willing to sacrifice a heck of a lot if the price is right.. The fact is, every app I use on a regular basis would still run on Kit Kat, and there are Kit Kat devices in the wild with reasonably current vendor-supported Android Security Patches. (The USA T-Mobile branded Galaxy S4 has the February 2017 Kit Kat security patch!). why dont any of these budget phones run cdma?. GSM is allot more popular the world over (literally being the standard) & thus the extra cost for CDMA support isn't as worth it. But yes I feel your pain (Sprint).. These phones can't get into Sprint and Verizon stores (online or retail) so it's not worth it to get it certified for their networks.. I think they launched it with MM because it is easier to update to Nougat later. If they want to launch with Nougat out of the box, then they have to fulfill everything with a "must" in googles 7.0 compatibility document. For example, if they launched with 7.0, they would have had to implemented the "seamless updates" feature which requires multiple partitions on the storage. By launching with MM and then updating to Nougat, they don't have to worry about any of those requirements. OnePlus essentially did the same thing with the 3T.. Google is paying 97$ per hour! Work for few hours & have longer with friends and family! !dd176c:. On tuesday I got a great new Land Rover Range Rover from having earned $8752 this last four weeks.. Its the most-financialy rewarding I've had.. It sounds unbelievable but you wont forgive yourself if you don’t check it. Also this being a Snapdragon, popular camera and light skin, it will be easy to update. At the very least I see this bei. I've got two Blu phones that didn't get promised updates. Still waiting for Marshmallow on my Blu Life One X (2016). Also, my Blu HD R1 which was supposed to stay up to date with security patches got exactly ONE update. Please do not make excuses as to why it launched with Marshmallow 6 months after release, because there are none. It's way easier to install software before launch rather than after.. I'm not saying there isn't value here (more value at $129 than $179) but don't buy this expecting a software update.. The Moto G5 is launching soon with similar specs but less RAM. I'd suggest that over this any day of the week (at regular price).. Even if it doesn't get OTA, that doesn't matter to me. I ain't to uppity to unlock it and install a custom rom myself, which is very likely since it's Snapdragon and common camera. But I get what ya mean.. Marshmallow isn't *bad*, I'm just saying for the price you could get a better phone with recent software.. If you're looking for a spare/burner phone then the Blu HD R1 is pretty amazing for $60 (with Amazon ads).. I'm actually staying on Marshmallow on my daily and 2 other devices. I only went Nougat on my LG-G3 to text it out.. I'm almost 100% sure that seamless updates are optional with nougat. The reason might be something else.. Google is paying 97$ per hour! Work for few hours & have longer with friends and family! !da102c:. On tuesday I got a great new Land Rover Range Rover from having earned $8752 this last four weeks.. Its the most-financialy rewarding I've had.. It sounds unbelievable but you wont forgive yourself if you don’t check it. I was paid 104000 bucks past year by doing a web-based task furthermore I was able to do it by w­orking in my own time f­o­r quite a few hours during the day. I tried job opportunity I stumbled upon on the internet and so I am thrilled that I was in a position to make such decent cash. It's actually newbie-friendly and therefore I am so blessed that I found out regarding it. Check out exactly what I do... Except for the fact that it's Blu and they're not really known for updating their devices. They usually stay with the software they came with out of the box and never see an update. Nope, reporting on a press release from an Android smartphone OEM about a new device on an Android blog would be normal. You see many ads that mention previous spyware issues and conclude with "If you're still SOMEHOW interested...".. Android Police marks ads as a "sponsored post".. Just as a heads up, Band 12 contains Band 17 within it. So if you see Band 12, it is effectively 12+17. As a matter of fact, if you take a Galaxy S7 and go to the dialer and type *#0011#, you maybe surprised to see Band 12 connected instead of 17.. Nothing wrong with launching with 6.0 honestly the quick settings pane in Marshmallow is better than Nougats quick settings pane. Blu needs to put the fingerprint reader on the back where it should be.. No, I'd rather unlock my phone on my desk without having to pick it up.. Can we please stop with that stupid argument... I can get into my rear fingerprint reader phone just fine without picking it from the desk (Double-tap + PIN).. Not to mention the the lock screen shows a lot info like the incoming text message, who's calling, etc. AND you have to pick it up if going to use it anyway.. No need to be so salty MJ. We all use our phones in different ways. Had my OP3 for awhile now, couldn't imagine life without a fingerprint scanner. "Come on, guys; we know you can do better than this.". In my experience with them, they really can't. If Google ever brings Android One to the states and did a partnership with them, they might finally have more compelling options.. Anyone know what is that device originally!?. I mean, under which brand is sold in China. Tnx, but i ment more specific, which model it is?. "(including a spyware incident), but they're solid phones for the money". Great to know you think that way... Maybe would be interested buy a PC computer with 25% off if it has a malware/Trojan inside? What's the problem exchange security over low prices right? Obviously that an infected PC still is a solid device even if in exchange for some bucks your data will be compromised.... PS: please, don't even think to come with something like "oh, root the phone and remove it... or flash another ROM..." because that doesn't make the phone "solid".... It was like one or two models that was an issue and it was fixed with a Google approved solution --> http://www.pcmag.com/news/350046/phone-maker-blu-trades-chinese-spyware-for-google-software. Come on, AP won't advise anyone to buy a phone with KNOWN spyware on it and they did end the article with "If you're still SOMEHOW interested..." which is not exactly an endorsement. Personally, I won't buy a cheap Chinese phone but some people can't afford more than $200.. "including the LG G6 (I was surprised too)..., OnePlus X". WTF do G6 and OPX use the same camera?!. BTW, it's incredible how there BLU phones are treated by AP staff differently than all the other Chinese phones. Well, they're actually maybe even worse. But because it's an "American" brand that distribute them.... BLU phones are treated differently by AP? How? AP had almost nothing good to say about this phone and even mentioned the past spyware issue. They ended with "if you're still SOMEHOW interested... " which doesn't sound like any type of endorsement.. im pretty sure that the OnePlus X uses a Samsung sensor. I'll take Marshmallow anyday than the bugfest Nougat. Even Google is still figuring out how to clean the mess they created for Nexus devices.. I'm pretty happy with Nougat on my S7. The point is, Blu isn't going to give you the option to upgrade.. For the device itself, $130 (the same price initially) is a steak, and I picked one up at that. Excited to get it and play around with it.. What kinda steaks you eating? Imported endangered type steak?. doesn't SD 430 have integrated modem and wifi that supports Wi-Fi AC?. Even if it does, each manufacturer chooses whether to have the hardware (not just the chipset or chipset modem, like antennas) to support AC or even 5 GHz.. Near identical to my blu life one x2. I wouldve preferred this for the smaller screen. how do you like the X2?. It's better than my iPhone 6 Plus imo. If I had a new android phone like the LG G6 I would've probably liked the flagship more, but I'm not willing to spend that kind of money. I wish that the Life One X2 received Nougat already. All I have are rumors that it will. I really hope Blu steps up their update game. Without Nexus, they're becoming a good cheap, mostly-stock Android option.. The X2 mini in black is sexy.. This is the kind of phone you buy to use for a year and move on to something else--I don't really care if it's got Marshmallow on it. As long as it functions, I'm good.. Don't expect any software updates from BLU. My two Blu LIfe One X phones bought in December 2015 from Amazon have never seen an update. BLU just imports these cheap Chinese phones and distributes it into U.S. The only update I've ever heard about BLU doing was because their hand was forced by the Chinese spyware disaster. IF you want a cheap throwaway backup device or one for your kid and you don't have fears about spyware, you get what you pay for.. i think Nokia 6 is a better option. Looks like an iPhone/htc/oneplus had a baby.... Official website still says 3,000mAh battery:. COME ON!!! I love small phones, but I just got the Life One X2 at Christmas! I absolutely love the X2, but I would love the Mini more.... It's worth noting that Android 7.0 made a lot of under-the-hood changes. Even for Qualcomm, it's not been easy to produce stable firmware, so they have focused on the highest end processors at first. Lower end processors like the 430 will be lowest on their priority list. You can see a similar trend among all Android OEMs. Whenever Google makes large changes to Android, you see about a year during which the chipset makers catch up. You saw this from 2.3 to 4.0, again from 4.4 to 5.0, from 5.1 to 6.0, and now from 6.0 to 7.0. The only time we really had devices staying up to date was 4.0 through 4.4, because Google didn't make any major low-level changes.. As near as I can tell, Q2 of this year should be when we'll see most things released with 7.x, even lower end devices. A good sign is MediaTek's MTK6735 which is a roughly comparable chip too the S430. It should be receiving 7.x in May or June. I'm sure Qualcomm will be pushing their customers like Blu to update for the sake of competition. I'm hoping, though, that with the new seamless update architecture, we won't see giant gaps like this in the future.. It's unfortunate the phone is not sold in South Africa. [Deal Alert] Nest Cam Outdoor two-pack is just $248.38 ($99.62 off) on Amazon. 2018/02/25 7:32pm PST Feb 25, 2018. [Deal Alert] Sony Xperia XZ1 is down to $495 ($205 off) on Amazon. 2018/02/25 7:16pm PST Feb 25, 2018. [Deal Alert] Best Buy will knock $100 off Galaxy S9/S9+ pre-orders on Friday, March 2nd only. 2018/02/25 6:37pm PST Feb 25, 2018. [Deal Alert] Refurbished JBL Everest Elite 700 noise-canceling Bluetooth headphones are $119.99 on Woot. 2018/02/25 2:54pm PST Feb 25, 2018. [Deal Alert] Prime Exclusive LG Q6 is $159.99 ($90 off) today only on Amazon. 2018/02/25 11:14am PST Feb 25, 2018. Are you using a custom launcher on your phone?. Yes, I currently am using a custom launcher. I have used one in the past, but not currently. No, and I have never used a custom launcher.. Wacom Bamboo Tip review: A pricey fine-tip stylus that works on all touchscreens. 2018/02/23 6:08am PST Feb 23, 2018. Netatmo Welcome review: A near perfect no-hidden-fees indoor security camera with face recognition. 2018/02/22 5:39am PST Feb 22, 2018. Moto Tab review: Look elsewhere for your tablet needs. 2018/02/20 7:33am PST Feb 20, 2018. JBL Link smart speakers review: Offering several great alternatives to the Google Home. 2018/02/17 5:30am PST Feb 17, 2018. Microsoft's Photos Companion is a neat utility for transferring images from Android to your PC (Hands-on). 2018/02/15 4:06am PST Feb 15, 2018. 21 new and notable Android Wear watch faces from the last 3 months (11/11/17 - 2/22/18). 2018/02/24 9:59am PST Feb 24, 2018. 13 new and notable Android games from the last week (2/14/18 - 2/20/18). 2018/02/20 11:20am PST Feb 20, 2018. 14 new and notable Android apps from the last week (2/13/18 - 2/19/18). 2018/02/19 10:21am PST Feb 19, 2018. 18 new and notable Android games from the last week (2/7/18 - 2/13/18). 2018/02/13 11:33am PST Feb 13, 2018. 14 new and notable Android apps and live wallpapers from the last week (2/6/18 - 2/12/18). 2018/02/12 11:39am PST Feb 12, 2018. Samsung SmartThings app overhaul coming in March. 2018/02/25 2:26pm PST Feb 25, 2018. YouTube for Android TV adds manual resolution selection, starts rolling an updated interface. 2018/02/25 3:11am PST Feb 25, 2018. Google app beta's screenshot editing and sharing popup is now working in other apps as well for some. 2018/02/24 10:27pm PST Feb 24, 2018. Here are 39 temporarily free and 45 on-sale apps for your Saturday. 2018/02/24 10:26am PST Feb 24, 2018. 21 new and notable Android Wear watch faces from the last 3 months (11/11/17 - 2/22/18). 2018/02/24 9:59am PST Feb 24, 2018. [Deal Alert] Save $35 when you buy a Google Home and Chromecast or Chromecast Audio. 2017/02/26 1:35am PST Feb 26, 2017. [Deal Alert] Nexus 5X 16GB Drops To Its Lowest Price Yet, Grab One For Just $269.99 On eBay. 2016/02/26 10:31am PST Feb 26, 2016. Sprint Galaxy S6 And Galaxy S6 Edge Promotion Leaked Ahead Of MWC Announcement. 2015/02/26 9:17pm PST Feb 26, 2015. PSA: Google Wallet 'Tap And Pay' Functionality Appears To Be Working On Most KitKat Updates For Devices On Isis Carriers. 2014/02/26 3:09pm PST Feb 26, 2014. Adobe Releases Photoshop Touch For Phones, Pisses Off Tablet Users By Making It A Separate $5 App. 2013/02/26 9:27pm PST Feb 26, 2013. [MWC 2012] Samsung Announces Galaxy S WiFi 4.2, For The Android Lovers Who Don't Need A Phone. 2012/02/26 11:58pm PST Feb 26, 2012. Public Beta Of FullHDMI Released, Lets You Mirror Your EVO's Screen On Your HDTV. 2011/02/26 5:51pm PST Feb 26, 2011. Hands on with the Nokia 1, Nokia 6 (2018), Nokia 7 Plus, and Nokia 8 Sirocco. 2018/02/25 7:33am PST Feb 25, 2018. Chrome OS may soon be able to run Linux applications in a container. 2018/02/25 10:00am PST Feb 25, 2018. Galaxy S9 and S9+ US pre-orders, pricing, release date, and more. 2018/02/25 8:59am PST Feb 25, 2018. Samsung's Galaxy S9 is official: Fingerprint sensor finally in the right place. 2018/02/25 8:59am PST Feb 25, 2018. Nokia smartphones will be Android One devices going forward. 2018/02/25 7:27am PST Feb 25, 2018. [Update x2: Hotfix supplement] Google changed the build number format in Oreo—here's how to read it. 2018/02/20 8:21pm PST Feb 20, 2018. [Update: Now official, more devices supported] Google releasing ARCore 1.0 at MWC, but it seems to be rolling out early. 2018/02/23 8:26am PST Feb 23, 2018. [Update x2: Rollout resumed] Samsung halts Android 8.0 Oreo rollout to Galaxy S8 and S8+. 2018/02/22 3:55pm PST Feb 22, 2018. Hands-on: Google's 'Reply' gives other apps concise Smart Replies - when it isn't throwing shade. 2018/02/20 2:41pm PST Feb 20, 2018. Google Home v1.27 includes several cosmetic changes and shortcuts, smaller APK, and hints at new devices and reversible controls [APK Teardown]. 2018/02/20 12:33pm PST Feb 20, 2018. [Update: APK now available] Google releases Assistant Go app on the Play Store. 2018/02/06 4:45am PST Feb 6, 2018. [Update x2: Hotfix supplement] Google changed the build number format in Oreo—here's how to read it. 2018/02/20 8:21pm PST Feb 20, 2018. Google's Calculator app hits 100 million downloads on the Play Store. 2018/01/31 9:34pm PST Jan 31, 2018. [Update: Now official, more devices supported] Google releasing ARCore 1.0 at MWC, but it seems to be rolling out early. 2018/02/23 8:26am PST Feb 23, 2018. LG settles bootloop lawsuit: Members get $425 in cash or a $700 LG phone rebate [Update: Only for plaintiffs of the initial case]. 2018/01/31 2:09pm PST Jan 31, 2018. Notice a bug? Let us know here. 123 queries | 0.343s | nexus2. Android is a trademark of Google Inc. | © Illogical Robot LLC, 2009-2018. 
Menu Login Sign Up. Find the Best Cell Phone and Plan for You. Wirefly helps you save on cell phones and plans by offering innovative comparison tools so consumers can make educated choices. Compare Phones and Plans Compare Cell Phones. How Much Data Do I Need. Wirefly helps you save on Internet service by offering innovative comparison tools to compare Internet providers in your area.. Compare Internet by ZIP Code Compare Internet & TV Bundles Compare Business Internet. Test your current internet connection with our speed test and see what services your provider can handle. Find out your download speed, upload speed, latency, and more.. Test Your Internet Speed Internet Speed Test. Compare Cell Phones > BLU. Purchase with a plan or or. gray rose gold. Motorola RAZR V3 Dolce & Gabbana. DROID RAZR MAXX HD by Motorola. The BLU Life One X2 Mini. Android 6.0 Marshmallow out of its box. It comes with a 5-inch IPS curved display, 1080x1920 resolution, and 440ppi index. It is equipped with a 1.4 GHz Octa-Core Qualcomm Snapdragon 430 processor, 4GB of RAM, and the Adreno 505 GPU. There is an onboard storage of 64GB plus a microSD card slot for up to 64GB memory expansion. For photos, the device has a 13MP rear-facing camera with 1080p HD video recording and an 8MP camera in front. mAh battery, fingerprint scanner, and a dual SIM card tray. Color options are Gray, Gold, and Rose Gold.. Looks like there are no reviews yet, be the first to write one now.. Sort by Oldest Latest Negative Positive. Plans Unlocked Specs Media Reviews Deals. - Any - 0 5KB 50MB 30MB 100MB 125MB 150MB 200MB 250MB 300MB 334MB 350MB 375MB 400MB 500MB 600MB 625MB 700MB 800MB 834MB 900MB 938MB 1GB 1.2GB 1.5GB 1.6GB 2GB 2.03GB 2.5GB 3GB 3.7GB 4GB 5GB 6GB 6.1GB 7GB 7.3GB 8GB 8.5GB 9GB 10GB 11GB 12GB 13GB 14GB 15GB 16GB 18GB 20GB 22GB 23GB 24GB 25GB 30GB 32GB 35GB 40GB 50GB 60GB 80GB 85GB 100GB 120GB 150GB 200GB Unlimited. - Any - AT&T Atlantis Telecom Boost Mobile Cricket SpeedTalk Mobile BOOM Mobile CREDO Mobile GIV Mobile MetroPCS Net10 Pix Wireless Project Fi Pure TalkUSA Red Pocket Mobile ROK Mobile Republic Wireless Sprint Straight Talk Ting T-Mobile TextNow Tello Teltik TPO Mobile Twigby US Mobile Verizon Wireless Virgin Mobile. - Any - Monthly/No Contract Prepaid. Sort by: Price Carrier Minutes Data. BLU Life One X2 Mini Review. BLU is back with another smartphone to tempt you with.. Expert Review User reviews. Buy one Apple phone, get one on us! Unlimited plan req'd.. Limited Time Offer on White Mountain Puzzles I Had One of Those Jigsaw Puzzle (1000 Piece).. Limited Time Offer on Crockpot SCCPCCM250-BT Mini Casserole Crock Slow Cooker, 2.5 quart, White/Blue.. Limited Time Offer on Save $50 with the Sonos One 2-Pack + Amazon Gift Card. Limited Time Offer on COSORI Mini 7-in-1 Multifunctional Programmable Pressure Cooker, Rice Cooker, Slow Cooker, Food Steamer, Yogurt Maker with Glass Lid, Sealing Ring and Recipe Book, 2 Qt /800W.. Limited Time Offer on GNC Men's One Daily Multivitamin.. Limited Time Offer on Entertainment One PJ Masks on Our Way Full Sheet Set.. Limited Time Offer on Monoprice 6ft 32AWG Mini DisplayPort to DisplayPort Cable - White.. Limited Time Offer on Save on Pawbo Life Wi-Fi Pet Camera: 720p HD Video, 2-Way Audio, Video Recording, Treat Dispenser, and Laser Game.. Limited Time Offer on Sizzix 661599 Thinlits Die Set, Paper Snowflakes, Mini by Tim Holtz (14-Pack).. Google Lens lands on other non.... Google: Over 40 phone and carr.... Galaxy S9 could hit stores on.... LG to announce new models of K.... Report: Verizon is tops in App.... Apple rolls out fix for messag.... Can An iPhone Get a Virus?. How To Spot A Good Android Phone. How To Transfer Contacts To A New C.... iPhone Stuck on Apple Logo and How.... The 5 Best Bitcoin Wallets for iPho.... Find the Best Cell Phone and Plan for You. Wirefly helps you save on cell phones and plans by offering innovative comparison tools so consumers can make educated choices. Find The Best TV and Internet Providers For You. Paying too much for Internet or TV service? Use our tool to compare Internet providers, TV providers, and bundled services.. LG Phoenix 3 LG K20 plus BLU Studio J5 Alcatel A30 ANS H450R Samsung Galaxy S8 Samsung Galaxy S8+ LG Harmony Samsung Galaxy J7 Perx ZTE Prestige 2. Wirefly Is America's Most Trusted Source For All Cell Phones, Plans, TV, and Internet Deals. Wirefly offers great deals on a large selection of smartphones, cell phones, tablets, mobile hotspots, and other wireless devices for the nation's most popular carriers. Use Wirefly’s innovative cell phone and plan comparison tools to ensure you are getting the best deal on the market. Shop with confidence knowing that Wirefly wants to help you find the best prices on cell phones, cell phone plans, TV, and Internet service.. Privacy Policy | Term of Use | Contact | About Us. WireFly.com © 2018 All Rights Reserved. 
Our new search experience requires JavaScript to be enabled. Please enable JavaScript on your browser , then try again .. All Categories Antiques Art Baby Books Business & Industrial Cameras & Photo Cell Phones & Accessories Clothing, Shoes & Accessories Coins & Paper Money Collectibles Computers/Tablets & Networking Consumer Electronics Crafts Dolls & Bears DVDs & Movies eBay Motors Entertainment Memorabilia Gift Cards & Coupons Health & Beauty Home & Garden Jewelry & Watches Music Musical Instruments & Gear Pet Supplies Pottery & Glass Real Estate Specialty Services Sporting Goods Sports Mem, Cards & Fan Shop Stamps Tickets & Experiences Toys & Hobbies Travel Video Games & Consoles Everything Else. Hi ( Sign in to bid or buy) Daily Deals Gift Cards Help & Contact Sell. Summary Recently Viewed Bids/Offers Watch List Purchase History Selling Saved Searches Saved Sellers Messages. Refine your search for blu life one x2 mini. All Listings - Current page. results for blu life one x2 mini. Save blu life one x2 mini to get e-mail alerts and updates on your eBay Feed.. Unfollow blu life one x2 mini to stop getting updates on your eBay Feed.. You'll receive email and Feed alerts when new items arrive. Afghanistan - AFG Albania - ALB Algeria - DZA American Samoa - ASM Andorra - AND Angola - AGO Anguilla - AIA Antigua and Barbuda - ATG Argentina - ARG Armenia - ARM Aruba - ABW Australia - AUS Austria - AUT Azerbaijan Republic - AZE Bahamas - BHS Bahrain - BHR Bangladesh - BGD Barbados - BRB Belarus - BLR Belgium - BEL Belize - BLZ Benin - BEN Bermuda - BMU Bhutan - BTN Bolivia - BOL Bosnia and Herzegovina - BIH Botswana - BWA Brazil - BRA British Virgin Islands - VGB Brunei Darussalam - BRN Bulgaria - BGR Burkina Faso - BFA Burma - MMR Burundi - BDI Cambodia - KHM Cameroon - CMR Canada - CAN Cape Verde Islands - CPV Cayman Islands - CYM Central African Republic - CAF Chad - TCD Chile - CHL China - CHN Colombia - COL Comoros - COM Congo, Democratic Republic of the - COD Congo, Republic of the - COG Cook Islands - COK Costa Rica - CRI Cote d Ivoire (Ivory Coast) - CIV Croatia, Republic of - HRV Cyprus - CYP Czech Republic - CZE Denmark - DNK Djibouti - DJI Dominica - DMA Dominican Republic - DOM Ecuador - ECU Egypt - EGY El Salvador - SLV Equatorial Guinea - GNQ Eritrea - ERI Estonia - EST Ethiopia - ETH Falkland Islands (Islas Malvinas) - FLK Fiji - FJI Finland - FIN France - FRA French Guiana - GUF French Polynesia - PYF Gabon Republic - GAB Gambia - GMB Georgia - GEO Germany - DEU Ghana - GHA Gibraltar - GIB Greece - GRC Greenland - GRL Grenada - GRD Guadeloupe - GLP Guam - GUM Guatemala - GTM Guernsey - GGY Guinea - GIN Guinea-Bissau - GNB Guyana - GUY Haiti - HTI Honduras - HND Hong Kong - HKG Hungary - HUN Iceland - ISL India - IND Indonesia - IDN Ireland - IRL Israel - ISR Italy - ITA Jamaica - JAM Japan - JPN Jersey - JEY Jordan - JOR Kazakhstan - KAZ Kenya - KEN Kiribati - KIR Korea, South - KOR Kuwait - KWT Kyrgyzstan - KGZ Laos - LAO Latvia - LVA Lebanon - LBN Liechtenstein - LIE Lithuania - LTU Luxembourg - LUX Macau - MAC Macedonia - MKD Madagascar - MDG Malawi - MWI Malaysia - MYS Maldives - MDV Mali - MLI Malta - MLT Marshall Islands - MHL Martinique - MTQ Mauritania - MRT Mauritius - MUS Mayotte - MYT Mexico - MEX Micronesia - FSM Moldova - MDA Monaco - MCO Mongolia - MNG Montenegro - MNE Montserrat - MSR Morocco - MAR Mozambique - MOZ Namibia - NAM Nauru - NRU Nepal - NPL Netherlands - NLD Netherlands Antilles - ANT New Caledonia - NCL New Zealand - NZL Nicaragua - NIC Niger - NER Nigeria - NGA Niue - NIU Norway - NOR Oman - OMN Pakistan - PAK Palau - PLW Panama - PAN Papua New Guinea - PNG Paraguay - PRY Peru - PER Philippines - PHL Poland - POL Portugal - PRT Puerto Rico - PRI Qatar - QAT Reunion - REU Romania - ROU Russian Federation - RUS Rwanda - RWA Saint Helena - SHN Saint Kitts-Nevis - KNA Saint Lucia - LCA Saint Pierre and Miquelon - SPM Saint Vincent and the Grenadines - VCT San Marino - SMR Saudi Arabia - SAU Senegal - SEN Serbia - SRB Seychelles - SYC Sierra Leone - SLE Singapore - SGP Slovakia - SVK Slovenia - SVN Solomon Islands - SLB Somalia - SOM South Africa - ZAF Spain - ESP Sri Lanka - LKA Suriname - SUR Swaziland - SWZ Sweden - SWE Switzerland - CHE Taiwan - TWN Tajikistan - TJK Tanzania - TZA Thailand - THA Togo - TGO Tonga - TON Trinidad and Tobago - TTO Tunisia - TUN Turkey - TUR Turkmenistan - TKM Turks and Caicos Islands - TCA Tuvalu - TUV Uganda - UGA Ukraine - UKR United Arab Emirates - ARE United Kingdom - UK United States - USA Uruguay - URU Uzbekistan - UZB Vanuatu - VUT Vatican City State - VAT Venezuela - VEN Vietnam - VNM Virgin Islands (U.S) - VIR Wallis and Futuna - WLF Western Sahara - ESH Western Samoa - WSM Yemen - YEM Zambia - ZMB Zimbabwe - ZWE. blu life one x2 mini :. BLU Life ONE X2 Mini 5.0" Unlocked Smartphone 4G LTE 64GB + 4GB RAM (Gold). BLU Life ONE X2 Mini 5.0" Unlocked Smartphone 4G LTE - 64GB + 4GB RAM -Rose Gold. BLU Life ONE X2 Mini - 5.0" L0130uu GSM 64GB 13MP Unlocked NEW- ROSE GOLD. BLU Life ONE X2 Mini 5.0" Unlocked Smartphone 4G LTE 64GB + 4GB RAM (Rose Gold). BLU Life ONE X2 Mini 5.0" Unlocked Smartphone 4G LTE 64GB + 4GB RAM (Grey). 2 new & refurbished from $144.98. BLU Life ONE X2 Mini - 5.0" Unlocked Smartphone - 64GB + 4GB RAM - Gold. BLU Life ONE X2 Mini - 5.0" Unlocked Android Smartphone -4G LTE - 64GB + 4GB RAM. 2 new & refurbished from $144.98. 2X EZguardz Clear Screen Protector Shield HD 2X For Blu Life One X2 Mini. BLU LIFE ONE X2 MINI Case + Screen Protector, Gzerma Soft Shock-Absorbin g... for BLU Life One X2 Mini L0130UU 5.0" Gold LCD Screen w/ Touch Digitizer ZVLQ492. For Blu Life One X2 Mini 5.0" Marble Letter Card Holder Wallet Case Cover Flip. for BLU Life One X2 Mini L0130UU 5.0" Black LCD Display w/ Touch Screen ZVLQ490. for BLU Life One X2 Mini L0130UU 5.0" White LCD Display w/ Touch Screen ZVLQ491. BLU LIFE ONE X2 - 4G LTE Unlocked Smartphone -64GB+4GB RAM -Rose Gold. BLU LIFE ONE X2 - 4G LTE Unlocked Smartphone -64GB+4GB RAM -Rose Gold. BLU LIFE ONE X2 - 4G LTE Unlocked Smartphone -64GB+4GB RAM -Rose Gold. BLU LIFE ONE X2 - 4G LTE Unlocked Smartphone - 64GB+4GB RAM - Grey. BLU LIFE ONE X2 - 4G LTE Unlocked Smartphone -64GB+4GB RAM -Rose Gold. BLU LIFE ONE X2 - 4G LTE Unlocked Smartphone -64GB+4GB RAM -Rose Gold. BLU Life One X2 L0090UU - 64GB - Gray (Unlocked) Smartphone. BLU Life One X2 L0091UU 64GB Unlocked GSM 4G LTE Octa-Core Phone - Gray. BLU LIFE ONE X2 - 4G LTE Unlocked Smartphone -64GB+4GB RAM -Rose Gold. BLU Life One X2 L0091UU 64GB Unlocked GSM 4G LTE Octa-Core Phone. BLU LIFE ONE X2 - 4G LTE Unlocked Smartphone -64GB+4GB RAM -Rose Gold,. BLU LIFE ONE X2 4G LTE Unlocked Smartphone 64GB+4GB RAM -Rose Gold. BLU LIFE ONE X2 - 4G LTE Unlocked Smartphone -64GB+4GB RAM -Rose Gold Ros... Blu Life One X2 64GB 4G LTE- Dual Sim-GSM Unlocked- Fully Functional- Read Below. BLU LIFE ONE X2 - 4G LTE Unlocked Smartphone -64GB+4GB RAM -Rose Gold. BLU LIFE ONE X2 - 4G LTE Unlocked Smartphone -64GB+4GB RAM -Rose Gold. BLU LIFE ONE X2 - 4G LTE Unlocked Smartphone -64GB+4GB RAM -Rose Gold. BLU LIFE ONE X2 - 4G LTE Unlocked Smartphone - Dual Sim - 16GB+2GB RAM - Grey. BLU LIFE ONE X2 - 4G LTE Unlocked Smartphone - 64GB+4GB RAM - Grey New. BLU LIFE ONE X2 - 4G LTE Unlocked Smartphone - 64GB+4GB RAM - Grey. BLU Life One X2 L0091UU 64GB Unlocked GSM 4G LTE Octa-Core Phone - Rose Gold. New Unlocked At&t BLU LIFE ONE X2 4G LTE Smartphone 64GB 4GB Ram Rose Gold GSM. BLU LIFE ONE X2 - 4G LTE Unlocked Smartphone. BLU Life One X2 16GB Unlocked GSM LTE Octa-Core Phone w/ 16MP Camera - Rose Gold. BLU LIFE ONE X2 - 4G LTE Unlocked Smartphone -64GB+4GB RAM -Rose Gold. BLU LIFE ONE X2 - 4G LTE Unlocked Smartphone. BLU LIFE ONE X2 - 4G LTE Unlocked Smartphone -64GB+4GB RAM -Rose Gold Rose Gold. BLU Life One X3 L0150WW 32GB Unlocked GSM 4G LTE Octa-Core Phone - Black. BLU Life One X2 16GB Unlocked GSM LTE Octa-Core Phone w/ 16MP Camera - Rose Gold. BLU L0090UU Life ONE X2 Unlocked Smartphone GSM Rose Gold - Refurbished. BLU LIFE ONE X2 - 4G LTE Unlocked Androidv 6.0 Smartphone - 64GB+4GB RAM - Grey. MINT CONDITION, UNLOCKED, BLU Life One X2 L0090UU - 16GB - Gray. BLU Studio mini LTE X100Q - 4GB - Grey (Unlocked) Smartphone - NEW & Ready2Ship!. FREE SHIP for BLU Life One X2 Mini 5" White LCD Screen w/ Digitizer+Tool ZVLQ491. XtremeGuard Screen Protector For Blu Life One X2 Mini (Anti-Scratch). NEW BLU Model Fast Shipping US 1 Year Factory Warranty. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Authorized Dealer, 30-Day Money Back Guaranteed. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Authorized Dealer, 30-Day Money Back Guaranteed. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Authorized Dealer, 30-Day Money Back Guaranteed. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Authorized Dealer, 30-Day Money Back Guaranteed. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. eBay determines this price through a machine learned model of the product's sale prices within the last 90 days.. eBay determines trending price through a machine learned model of the product’s sale prices within the last 90 days. "New" refers to a brand-new, unused, unopened, undamaged item, and "Used" refers to an item that has been used previously.. Top Rated Plus Sellers with highest buyer ratings Returns, money back Ships in a business day with tracking Learn More. Top Rated Plus Sellers with highest buyer ratings Returns, money back Ships in a business day with tracking Learn More. Not finding what you're looking for? Save blu life one x2 mini to get e-mail alerts and updates on your eBay Feed.. $ Enter minimum price to $ Enter maximum price. Please enter a minimum and/or maximum price before continuing.. Site Map Copyright © 1995-2018 eBay Inc. Accessibility , User Agreement , Privacy , Cookies and AdChoice Norton Secured - powered by Verisign. Number of bids and bid amounts may be slightly out of date. See each listing for international shipping options and costs.. 
more ... more .... more ... more .... BLU Life One X2 Mini vs BLU Life One X2 Size compare. Device type Smart phone Smart phone. Dimensions 5.59 x 2.74 x 0.34 inches (142 x 69.6 x 8.7 mm) 5.83 x 2.85 x 0.37 inches (148 x 72.4 x 9.5 mm). Weight 5.36 oz (152 g) the average is 5.6 oz (159 g) 5.86 oz (166 g) the average is 5.6 oz (159 g). Colors Gold, Gray, Pink Gold, Gray, Pink. Physical size 5.0 inches 5.2 inches. Resolution 1080 x 1920 pixels 1080 x 1920 pixels. Features Scratch-resistant glass (Corning Gorilla Glass 3), Ambient light sensor, Proximity sensor Scratch-resistant glass (Corning Gorilla Glass 3), Ambient light sensor, Proximity sensor. Pixel density - The pixel density of a display represents the number of pixels over an area of one inch. It’s measured in “pixels per inch”, or ppi. The higher the number, the more detailed and good-looking the display is.. Technology - There are two main screen technologies currently used in phones and tablets: LCD and AMOLED. The former usually features a light source and liquid crystals, while the latter is based on organic light-emitting diodes. Newer LCD variations like IPS-LCD and Super-LCD allow for very accurate color reproduction and very wide viewing angles, where no significant image quality loss is observed. Current AMOLED screens differ in such a way that they can exhibit much more saturated colors (sometimes too much) and incredibly high contrast levels, which is due to black color being completely black in AMOLED displays.. Screen-to-body ratio - Shows what part of the frontal area of a phone its screen occupies.. Hardware Features Autofocus (Phase detection) Autofocus (Phase detection). Software Features Touch to focus, Face detection, Geo tagging Touch to focus, Face detection, Digital zoom, Geo tagging. Shooting Modes High Dynamic Range mode (HDR), Panorama High Dynamic Range mode (HDR), Panorama. Camcorder 1920x1080 (1080p HD) (30 fps) 1920x1080 (1080p HD) (30 fps). Features Video calling, Video sharing Video calling, Video sharing. Front-facing camera 8 megapixels 8 megapixels. Aperture size - The aperture of a camera is the opening through which light travels before it reaches the camera sensor. The smaller the number is, the bigger this opening is, allowing for more light to pass.. Qualcomm Snapdragon 430 8937 Qualcomm Snapdragon 430 8937. Octa-core, 1400 MHz, ARM Cortex-A53, 64-bit, 28 nm Octa-core, 1400 MHz, ARM Cortex-A53, 64-bit, 28 nm. 4 GB RAM 4 GB RAM. up to 64 GB up to 64 GB. System chip - Most modern handsets use an advanced chip that includes many of the device’s hardware modules like the processor, Wi-Fi, Bluetooth and sometimes even the wireless radio. This field shows what particular system chip (or System-on-a-Chip) is used in the phone.. Processor - The processor is the main computing component of a phone and is a major factor when it comes to the overall speed of the device. Some more powerful smartphones use dual-core and quad-core processors designed to deliver greater performance.. Graphics processor - The graphics processor is important for the smooth operation of the system and especially in games and other applications that may involve complex graphics and animations.. System memory - System memory, or RAM memory is the type of memory that the device uses to temporarily store data from the OS or currently-running apps. The more RAM available to the device, the better the performance will be when multiple or heavier programs are running.. Built-in storage - Bigger storage capacity allows you to keep more content saved onto your device, such as more applications, photos or video. Games and video content typically take up the biggest amount of storage space.. Storage expansion - Some handsets allow you to expand their storage capacity by using a memory expansion card – most often microSD. Expansion memory is mostly suitable for media storage, such as photo, video or music content.. Talk time 26.00 hours the average is 20 h (1229 min) 26.00 hours the average is 20 h (1229 min). Stand-by time 30.2 days (725 hours) the average is 21 days (502 h) 30.2 days (725 hours) the average is 21 days (502 h). Talk time (3G) 16.00 hours the average is 19 h (1147 min) 16.00 hours the average is 19 h (1147 min). Stand-by time (3G) 26.0 days (625 hours) the average is 25 days (590 h) 26.0 days (625 hours) the average is 25 days (590 h). Capacity - The bigger, the better! However, battery capacity is not the only factor that has an effect on battery life. Those include the chipset in use, the software running on the device, as well as the consumer's unique usage pattern.. Filter by Album, Artist, Genre, Playlists Album, Artist, Genre, Playlists. Features Album art cover, Background playback Album art cover, Background playback. GSM 850, 900, 1800, 1900 MHz 850, 900, 1800, 1900 MHz. UMTS 850, 1700/2100, 1900, 2100 MHz 850, 1700/2100, 1900, 2100 MHz. LTE (FDD) Bands 2, 4, 7, 12, 17 Bands 2, 4, 7, 12, 17. Data LTE Cat 4 (150/50 Mbit/s), HSDPA+ (4G) 42.2 Mbit/s, HSPA, HSUPA, UMTS LTE Cat 4 (150/50 Mbit/s), HSPA, UMTS. Multiple SIM cards 2 slots 2 slots. Other features Voice dialing, Voice commands, Voice recording Voice dialing, Voice commands, Voice recording. Wi-Fi 802.11 b, g, n 802.11 b, g, n. Features Mass storage device, USB charging Mass storage device, USB charging. Navigation Turn-by-turn navigation, Voice navigation Turn-by-turn navigation, Voice navigation. Other Tethering, Computer sync, OTA sync Tethering, Computer sync, OTA sync. Positioning - This field shows the positioning systems supported by the device. The most common types are GPS and A-GPS.. GPS - This is one of the most widespread global positioning technologies, developed and maintained by the U.S. It uses satellites in order to detect your location. A-GPS - A-GPS stands for Assisted GPS and is the industry standard for positioning and navigation. “Assisted” means that it can use local wireless networks, in addition to satellites, for quicker and more precise localization.. Officially announced 17 Mar 2017 23 Sep 2016. 27 Dec 2016 05 Nov 2016. FCC ID value: YHLBLULOX2MN link FCC ID value: YHLBLULIFEONEX2 link. Simultaneous Transmission 1.46 W/kg 0.93 W/kg. Wireless Router 1.28 W/kg 0.86 W/kg. FCC approval - The Federal Communications Commission (FCC) is an independent United States government agency, directly responsible to Congress. The FCC was established by the Communications Act of 1934 and is charged with regulating interstate and international communications by radio, television, wire, satellite and cable. The FCC's jurisdiction covers the 50 states, the District of Columbia, and U.S. Every wireless phone device that is sold in the U.S. has to be tested and approved for sale by the FCC.. Date approved - Shows the date when the particular phone is approved by the Federal Communications Commission. FCC measured SAR - Working closely with federal health and safety agencies, such as the Food and Drug Administration (FDA), the FCC has adopted limits for safe exposure to radiofrequency (RF) energy. These limits are given in terms of a unit referred to as the Specific Absorption Rate (SAR), which is a measure of the amount of radio frequency energy absorbed by the body when using a mobile phone. The FCC requires cell phone manufacturers to ensure that their phones comply with these objective limits for safe exposure. Any cell phone at or below these SAR levels (that is, any phone legally sold in the U.S.) is a "safe" phone, as measured by these standards. The FCC limit for public exposure from cellular telephones is an SAR level of 1.6 watts per kilogram (1.6 W/kg).. To see the full specifications with in-depth details click here.. $150 Buy. $100 Buy. Samsung Galaxy A8 (2018) Review 6.5. Sony Xperia XA2 and Xperia XA2 Ultra Review 7.8. Huawei Mate 10 Lite Review 8. Jabra Elite 65t wireless earphones Review 8.5. Samsung Galaxy Note 3 vs Samsung Galaxy Note 2. LG V30 Review 8.8. The Samsung Galaxy S9 and S9+ have game-changing cameras with variable aperture and 960fps slow-mo video recording. The Big Barcelona Camera Comparison: iPhone X vs Pixel 2 XL vs Note 8. Samsung Galaxy S9 and S9+ rumor review: Specs, design, features, price and release date. Sony presents Xperia XZ2 and XZ2 Compact: new design and Snapdragon 845. Galaxy S9 Exynos edition gets benchmarked against rivals!. Galaxy S9 first camera comparison vs iPhone X, V30, S8. Samsung Galaxy S9 & S9+ hands-on. MWC 2018: top smartphones to expect. Best smartphone you can buy in 2018. Allo is a quality app, but Google isn't giving it a real chance. All content (phone reviews, news, specs, info), design and layouts are Copyright 2001-2018 phoneArena.com. Reproduction in whole or in part or in any form or medium without written permission is prohibited! Privacy. 
https:/ / www.phonescoop.com/ phones/ phone.php? p=5375. 1080 x 1920 pixels 441 ppi. 3000 mAh LiIon Non-removable. 64 GB raw hardware 52 GB available to user Expandable via memory card. 13+ megapixel PDAF, dual- LED flash HDR, panorama, night mode, manual mode, smile detection, timer Video: 1080p HD. 5.5 x 2.7 x 0.3 in. 140 x 69 x 7.6 mm. Languages Supported: English, Spanish, French, Indonesian, Malaysian, German, Filipino, Polish, Dutch, Portuguese, Vietnamese, Russian, Greek, Hindi, Arabic, Hebrew, Sanskrit, Korean, Chinese, Japanese. Connector: Micro-USB version 2.0. Type: Capacitive Corning Gorilla Glass 3. Card Type: microSD up to 64 GB. BLU Life One X2 Mini product page ». Find a mistake or omission? Submit a Correction. This affordable Android phone sports a 5-inch full-HD display, fingerprint reader, and fast charging. Other features include metal body, 13-megapixel main camera, 8-megapixel selfie camera with flash, and memory card slot.. This phone is not currently available from any major U.S. It is compatible with some U.S. networks, and may be available from third-party dealers or smaller, regional carriers.. LTE 2 / 4 / 7 / 12 / 17. WCDMA 1 / 2 / 4 / 5. GSM 850 / 900 / 1800 / 1900. IMT-E (Canada, South America, Europe, Asia). band 1 (I) / 2100 MHz. IMT (Europe, Asia, Africa, Oceania, Brazil, India, Israel). band 2 (II) / 1900 MHz. band 4 (IV) / 1700 MHz. band 5 (V) / 850 MHz. Review: Blu Life One X2 Mini. Subscribe to updates on this phone with RSS. Review: Speck Presidio Ultra Case for iPhone X. Speck's newest case for the Apple iPhone X, the Presidio Ultra, is a three-piece kit that includes a base case, an extra bumper, and a rugged holster. If you need hardcore protection with a little bit of flexibility throughout the day, the Presidio Ultra is an interesting entry.. Review: Kingston DataTraveler Duo Bolt for iPhone. The Kingston DataTraveler Duo Bolt is a small thumb drive that plugs into the bottom of your iPhone and saves all your photos and videos. If you're looking for a quick way to free up space on your iOS device, the DataTraveler Duo Bolt is ideal in certain situations.. Hands On with the Samsung Galaxy S9 and S9+. Samsung's new flagship handsets, the Galaxy S9 and S9+, are here and they offer lots to be excited about. Samsung took the wining design of last year's phones and upped the ante with improvements to the chassis, cameras, and software.. Review: Tech 21 Evo Check Case for Pixel 2 XL. Tech 21's latest accessory for the Google Pixel 2 XL is the Evo Check, a three-layer case that provides protection for drops up to three meters. We put this case to the test to see if it's worth your hard-earned dollars.. Review: WeBoost Drive Sleek In-Car Signal Booster. WeBoost's Drive Sleek in-vehicle signal booster amplifies wireless signals inside your car. If you're a mobile professional or road trip fanatic and need better wireless performance when behind the wheel, the WeBoost can help.. Review: ZTE Avid 4 for MetroPCS. ZTE's latest low-cost handset for MetroPCS offers entry-level specs and performance. It includes a 5-inch screen, 8-megapixel camera, and Android 7 Nougat. MetroPCS customers can score this handset for next to nothing, but there might be better options. Here is Phone Scoop's in-depth review.. Review: Coolpad Revvl Plus for T-Mobile. The Revvl Plus is an affordable Android slab that delivers an enormous screen at a reasonable price point. Stand-out features include a dual-camera system for capturing bokeh-style portraits, and a fingerprint reader for security. Here is Phone Scoop's in-depth report.. Subscribe to Phone Scoop News with RSS. Subscribe to Phone Scoop on YouTube. All content Copyright 2001-2018 Phone Factor, LLC. Content on this site may not be copied or republished without formal permission.. By registering, you agree to our Terms of Use. We value your privacy and will never share your email address. 
The next video is starting stop. BLU Life ONE X2 Mini Unboxing and Review. Want to watch this again later?. Sign in to add this video to a playlist.. Sign in to report inappropriate content.. Sign in to make your opinion count.. Sign in to make your opinion count.. The interactive transcript could not be loaded.. Rating is available when the video has been rented.. This feature is not available right now. BLU Life ONE X2 Mini Unboxing and Review Buy it here, http://amzn.to/2n2LzfF Join the Notification Squad: http://full.sc/1a719yE Wanna buy some of my gadgets - http://amzn.to/1zZ2y4P Want a T-Shirt - http://www.flossycarterstore.com Find me Online, http://instagram.com/flossy_carter https://plus.google.com/+FlossyCarter... https://www.facebook.com/FlossyCarter https://twitter.com/Flossycarter Payments: paypal.me/Flossycarter Unlocked Dual Sim Smartphone, Android v6.0 Marshmallow 5.0” Full HD with Curved Corning Gorilla glass 3; Premium CNC machined aluminum housing and Built in Fingerprint Sensor 64 GB Internal Memory 4GB RAM Micro SD up to 64GB, Qualcomm Snapdragon 430 1.4GHz Octa Core processor 13MP PDAF Autofocus Main Camera + 8MP Wide-Angle Front Camera with Flash 4G LTE, (2/4/7/12/17), 4G HSPA+ (850/1700/1900/2100). GSM Quad band: US compatibility Nationwide on all GSM Networks including AT&T, T-Mobile, Cricket, Metrics, Straight Talk, and others. When autoplay is enabled, a suggested video will automatically play next.. Blu Life One X3 - The $150 Smartphone. All Paramore Songs Playlist (with lyrics) Sylva Williams. Blu Life One X2 - My Full Review -One Week Later. BLU Life One X2 Mini | Unbox | 4GB RAM | 64GB Storage. Blu Vivo 5R Unboxing and First Impressions - $200. BLU Life One X2 Mini | Nano-SIM Card Tray Install. BLU Life One X2 Mini Review. BLU Life one X2 mini quick review (only 159.99) unlocked. Blu Life One X2 Mini Review - $179 Compact Small Android Unlocked Smartphone. Blu Life One X2 mini Last Word Review ( Premium Phone on the Cheap). Blu Life One X2 Mini | 4 GB de Ram y 64 GB de almacenamiento por $180. BLU Life One X2 Mini | Fingerprint Sensor Demo. LG K20 Plus VS Blu Life One X2 mini (Battle of the Budget Phones). Life ONE X2 mini by BLU Unboxing ($179. Elephone S7 Unboxing And First Impressions. BLU Life One X2 Mini Phone Specifications - BLU Life One X2 2017 4GB RAM, 13MP Camera, 5.2" Display. This Blu Life One X2 Android Phone is ONLY $150!. BLU ONE LIFE X2 MINI Review! Best Budget Smartphone (King) Under $200?. BLU S1 - Unboxing And Review $129. Sign in to add this to Watch Later. 
Select the department you want to search in. Sign in Account & Lists Sign in Account & Lists Orders Try Prime Cart. Your Amazon.com Today's Deals Gift Cards Registry Sell Help Disability Customer Support. 1-16 of 268 results for "BLU Life One X2 Mini". BLU Life ONE X2 Mini - 5.0" Unlocked Smartphone -4G LTE - 64GB + 4GB RAM -Grey. Only 2 left in stock - order soon.. $97.19 (16 used &amp new offers). Purchase any qualifying 2017 BLU Smartphone for your chance to win a .... BLU Life ONE X2 Mini - 5.0" Unlocked Smartphone -4G LTE - 64GB + 4GB RAM -Gold. Only 13 left in stock - order soon.. $98.39 (14 used &amp new offers). Purchase any qualifying 2017 BLU Smartphone for your chance to win a .... BLU Life One X3 – 4G LTE Unlocked Smartphone with 5,000mAh Monster Battery -Black. BLU LIFE ONE X2 - 4G LTE Unlocked Smartphone -16GB+2GB RAM -Rose Gold. $84.96 (15 used &amp new offers). BLU Life ONE X2 Mini - 5.0" Unlocked Smartphone -4G LTE - 64GB + 4GB RAM -Rose Gold. Only 3 left in stock - order soon.. $103.45 (27 used &amp new offers). Purchase any qualifying 2017 BLU Smartphone for your chance to win a .... BLU Life One X2 Case, [Not Fit BLU Life One X2 Mini] Circlemalls 2-Piece Style Hybrid Shockproof Hard Cover With [Premium Screen Protector] And Touch Screen Pen (Black). Only 6 left in stock - order soon.. [2-Pack] Supershieldz for BLU "Life ONE X2 Mini" Tempered Glass Screen Protector with Lifetime Replacement Warranty. Only 8 left in stock - order soon.. BLU Studio XL 2 - 6.0" 4G LTE GSM Unlocked Smartphone - 4,900mAh Battery -Black. $79.99 (17 used &amp new offers). Trade-in eligible for an Amazon gift card. Blu Life One X2 Mini Case witScreen Protector, Gzerma Soft Shock-Absorbing TPU Durable Protection Ultra Slim Fit Back Cover, Shatter-proof Protective Film for BLU LIFE ONE X2 MINI L0130 Phone (Gray). 20% off item with purchase of 1 items and 2 more promotions. 15% off item with purchase of 1 items 30% off item with purchase of 1 items See Details. X 2 Mini L0130UU Smartphone, could NOT fit for BLU LIFE ONE X2 , BLU .... BLU LIFE ONE X2 - 4G LTE Unlocked Smartphone -64GB+4GB RAM -Rose Gold. Trade-in eligible for an Amazon gift card. Blu Life One X2 Case, Harryshell (TM) Lightweight Slim Thin Tpu Gel Skin Flexible Soft Rubber Bumper Protective Case Cover for Blu Life One X2 (A-2). Only 18 left in stock - order soon.. TM) brand item Suitable for Blu Life One X2 , mini stylus included. BLU LIFE ONE X2 - 4G LTE Unlocked Smartphone - 64GB+4GB RAM - Grey. $112.96 (17 used &amp new offers). Trade-in eligible for an Amazon gift card. The life one x2 's design is a combination of artistry and premium .... BLU LIFE ONE X2 MINI Case + Screen Protector, Gzerma Soft Shock-Absorbing TPU Durable Protection Ultra Slim Fit Back Cover and Shatter-proof Protective Film for BLU LIFE ONE X2 MINI Smartphone (White). 20% off item with purchase of 1 items and 2 more promotions. 15% off item with purchase of 1 items 30% off item with purchase of 1 items See Details. X 2 Mini L0130UU Smartphone, could NOT fit for BLU LIFE ONE X2 , BLU .... BLU LIFE ONE X2 MINI Case with Phone Holder + Screen Protector, Gzerma Shock-Absorbing TPU Cover with 360 Rotation Kickstand and Shatterproof Protective Film for BLU LIFE ONE X2 MINI (White). Only 19 left in stock - order soon.. WITHOUT BULK: The BLU LIFE ONE X2 MINI cover delivers advanced .... BLU LIFE ONE X2 MINI Case with Phone Holder + Screen Protector, Gzerma Shock-Absorbing TPU Cover with 360 Rotation Kickstand and Shatterproof Protective Film for BLU LIFE ONE X2 MINI (Gray). WITHOUT BULK: The BLU LIFE ONE X2 MINI cover delivers advanced .... BLU Life One X2 Case, [Not Fit BLU Life One X2 Mini] Circlemalls 2-Piece Style Hybrid Shockproof Hard Cover With [Premium Screen Protector] And Touch Screen Pen (Blue). Only 2 left in stock - order soon.. All customers get FREE Shipping on orders over $25 shipped by Amazon. Cell Phone Cases, Holsters & Clips. 4 Stars & Up & Up. 3 Stars & Up & Up. 2 Stars & Up & Up. 1 Star & Up & Up. There's a problem loading this menu right now.. Get fast, free shipping with Amazon Prime. Prime members enjoy FREE Two-Day Shipping and exclusive access to music, movies, TV shows, original audio series, and Kindle books.. Careers About Amazon Investor Relations Amazon Devices. Sell on Amazon Sell Your Services on Amazon Sell on Amazon Business Sell Your Apps on Amazon Become an Affiliate Advertise Your Products Self-Publish with Us › See all. Amazon Rewards Visa Signature Cards Amazon.com Store Card Amazon.com Corporate Credit Line Shop with Points Credit Card Marketplace Reload Your Balance Amazon Currency Converter. Your Account Your Orders Shipping Rates & Policies Amazon Prime Returns & Replacements Manage Your Content and Devices Amazon Assistant Help. Amazon Music Stream millions of songs. Amazon Drive Cloud storage from Amazon. 6pm Score deals on fashion brands. AbeBooks Books, art & collectibles. ACX Audiobook Publishing Made Easy. Alexa Actionable Analytics for the Web. Amazon Business Everything For Your Business. AmazonFresh Groceries & More Right To Your Door. AmazonGlobal Ship Orders Internationally. Home Services Handpicked Pros Happiness Guarantee. Amazon Inspire Digital Educational Resources. Amazon Rapids Fun stories for kids on the go. Amazon Restaurants Food delivery from local restaurants. Amazon Video Direct Video Distribution Made Easy. Amazon Web Services Scalable Cloud Computing Services. Audible Download Audio Books. AudiobookStand Discount Audiobooks on Disc. Book Depository Books With Free Delivery Worldwide. Box Office Mojo Find Movie Box Office Data. ComiXology Thousands of Digital Comics. CreateSpace Indie Print Publishing Made Easy. DPReview Digital Photography. East Dane Designer Men's Fashion. Fabric Sewing, Quilting & Knitting. Goodreads Book reviews & recommendations. IMDb Movies, TV & Celebrities. IMDbPro Get Info Entertainment Professionals Need. Junglee.com Shop Online in India. Kindle Direct Publishing Indie Digital Publishing Made Easy. Prime Now FREE 2-Hour Delivery on Everyday Items. Prime Photos Unlimited Photo Storage Free With Prime. Shopbop Designer Fashion Brands. TenMarks.com Math Activities for Kids & Schools. Warehouse Deals Open-Box Discounts. Whole Foods Market America’s Healthiest Grocery Store. Withoutabox Submit to Film Festivals. Woot! Deals and Shenanigans. Zappos Shoes & Clothing. Souq.com Shop Online in the Middle East. Subscribe with Amazon Discover & try subscription services. Conditions of Use Privacy Notice Interest-Based Ads © 1996-2018, Amazon.com, Inc. 
Find the Best Cell Phone and Plan for You. PhoneDog's innovative comparison tool can help you save on cell phones and plans. Find the best phone and plan for you today with PhoneDog!. Compare Phones and Plans Compare Cell Phones. Trending: iPhone 8. f g+ t yt. gray rose gold. The BLU Life One X2 Mini. is a 4G LTE smartphone with a 5-inch BLU Infinite View curved glass display, 1080x1920 resolution and 440ppi index. From within, a 1.4 GHz Octa-Core Qualcomm Snapdragon 430 processor operates with 4GB of RAM and the Adreno 505 GPU. 64GB with a microSD card slot for up to 64GB memory expansion. in the back along with a 1080p HD video recorder. A secondary camera is available in front with 8MP resolution. Upon release, the phone runs on the latest Android 6.0 Marshmallow OS.. 3,000 mAh battery, fingerprint reader, and dual SIM card. The BLU Life One X2 Mini is available in Gold, Gray, and Rose Gold color options.. See Available Plans or get it unlocked here. Apple iPad mini with Retina Display. Apple iPad mini with Retina display 16GB Silver. DROID RAZR MAXX HD by Motorola. Motorola RAZR V3 Dolce & Gabbana. Plans Unlocked Specs Media Reviews Deals. - Any - AT&T Atlantis Telecom Boost Mobile Cricket Credo Mobile SpeedTalk Mobile BOOM Mobile MetroPCS Net10 Pix Wireless Pure TalkUSA Red Pocket Mobile ROK Mobile Republic Wireless Sprint Straight Talk Ting T-Mobile TextNow Tello Teltik TPO Mobile Twigby US Mobile Verizon Wireless Virgin Mobile. - Any - Monthly/No Contract Prepaid. Sort by: Price Carrier Minutes Data. BLU Life One X2 Mini Review. BLU is back with another smartphone to tempt you with.. Expert Review User reviews. Google Mini Home just $29.99, plus free shipping!.. Motorola Mods buy one get 1 free, plus free shipping.. Deal of the Day: Etekcity Smart Plug Mini Outlet (2 Pack), Works with Alexa Echo Was: $49.99 Now: $25.89.. Buy one Apple phone, get one on us! Unlimited plan req'd.. Limited Time Offer on White Mountain Puzzles I Had One of Those Jigsaw Puzzle (1000 Piece).. Limited Time Offer on Crockpot SCCPCCM250-BT Mini Casserole Crock Slow Cooker, 2.5 quart, White/Blue.. Limited Time Offer on Samsill Fashion 3 Ring Mini View Binders, 1 Inch Round Ring, Customizable Clear View Cover, 5.5 x 8.5 Inch Size - Green, Pink, Purple, 6 Pack.. Limited Time Offer on DIMESHY Grill Mat 100% Non stick BBQ Grill Mats 3pcs one pack.. Limited Time Offer on YOUMAKER iPad Mini 1/2/3 Heavy Duty Case with Kickstand.. Limited Time Offer on Northlight Set of 100 Red and Frosted Clear Mini Christmas Lights - White Wire.. LG Phoenix 3 LG K20 plus BLU Studio J5 Alcatel A30. Looks like there are no reviews yet, be the first to write one now.. Sort by Oldest Latest Negative Positive. OFFICIAL SMARTPHONE RANKINGS Please Login/Register to Vote. Select the amount of total data you need for the entire plan.. For example, if you need 2 lines with 1 GB of data each, you would select 2 GB of data with the data slider below.. - Any - 0 5KB 50MB 30MB 100MB 125MB 150MB 200MB 250MB 300MB 334MB 350MB 375MB 400MB 500MB 600MB 625MB 700MB 800MB 834MB 900MB 938MB 1GB 1.2GB 1.5GB 1.6GB 2GB 2.03GB 2.5GB 3GB 3.7GB 4GB 5GB 6GB 6.1GB 7GB 7.3GB 8GB 8.5GB 9GB 10GB 11GB 12GB 13GB 14GB 15GB 16GB 18GB 20GB 22GB 23GB 24GB 25GB 30GB 32GB 35GB 40GB 50GB 60GB 80GB 85GB 100GB 120GB 150GB 200GB Unlimited. BLU Vivo X Review: BLU's Most Appealing Smartphone Yet!. 4 days 16 hours ago. Android 8.0 Oreo on the OnePlus 5T. 5 days 14 hours ago. 1 week 13 hours ago. The OnePlus 5T Competitor You Haven't Heard About. 1 week 3 days ago. People's Choice Expert's Choice. OFFICIAL SMARTPHONE RANKINGS Please Login/Register to Vote. OFFICIAL SMARTPHONE RANKINGS Please Login/Register to Vote. OFFICIAL SMARTPHONE RANKINGS Please Login/Register to Vote. OFFICIAL SMARTPHONE RANKINGS Please Login/Register to Vote. OFFICIAL SMARTPHONE RANKINGS Please Login/Register to Vote. PHONEDOG PHONEDOG MEDIA FAMILY Phonedog - Cell Phone News TmoNews - The Unofficial T-Mobile Blog AndroidAndMe - Everything Android. PhoneDog Media is home to PhoneDog, Android & Me, TmoNews, and TodaysiPhone. The network receives 2.5 million unique visitors and 10 million pageviews each month, along with a combined three million video views on YouTube.. While the name is jovial, the PhoneDog Media network offers up a wealth of written and video content to help readers make important decisions about mobile technology.. Established in 2001, PhoneDog Media is a privately owned and operated company.. Company Home Privacy Policy Term of Use Contact About Us In-Depth Reviews. Reproduction without explicit permission is prohibited. 
Hi! Get more out of Walmart.com. Stretch your tax refund FREE Grocery Pickup See All Departments. Reorder Items Pickup Today Track Order Your Account Store Finder. Shop Electronics Smart Home Wearable Tech Cameras & Camcorders Walmart for Business Video Games. Shop all TV & Video TVs DVD & Blu-ray Players Home Audio & Theater TV Accessories. Shop all Cell Phones Straight Talk Phones Unlocked Phones Contract Phones No-Contract Phones Prepaid Minutes & Data Cases & Accessories. Shop all iPad & Tablets iPad Windows Tablets Android Tablets Accessories. Shop all Computers Laptops Desktops PC Gaming Printers & Supplies Networking Software Monitors Accessories. Shop all Auto Electronics GPS & Navigation. Shop all Portable Audio iPod & MP3 Players Headphones Speakers & Docks. Shop all Office Supplies Office Electronics School Supplies. Star Wars Marvel: Avengers Musical Instruments Computer Software. Shop all Movies & TV 2-Day Shipping Action & Adventure Blu-ray Discs Boxed Sets Children & Family Instawatch Movie DVDs New Releases Preorders TV Shows. Shop all Music 2-Day Shipping Music Gift Cards Country Music Soundtracks Vinyl New Releases Pop R&B / Soul Rock Top 100 CDs. Shop all Books Deals in books Preorders New Releases Biographies & Memoirs Children's Books Christian Books & Bibles Cookbooks, Food & Wine Comics & Graphic Novels Crafts & Hobbies Humor Literature & Fiction Health and Wellness Teen & Young Adult. Shop all Shop By Room Living Room Bedroom Bathroom Dining Room Kitchen Kids' Room Teens' Room Patio Entryway Office. Shop all Shop By Category Appliances Bath Bedding Furniture Home Decor Kids’ Bedding Kids’ Furniture Kitchen & Dining Lighting Mattresses Patio & Garden Rugs Storage & Organization Vacuums & Floor Care Window Coverings. Shop all Brand Shops KitchenAid Better Homes and Gardens The Pioneer Woman Mainstays. Shop all Specialty Shops Home Gift Guide Back to College Shop by Style. Shop All Home Improvement Bathroom Renovations Kitchen Renovations Water Purification Generators Garage & Storage. Shop all Air Quality Dehumidifiers Humidifiers. Shop all Tools Power Tools Hand Tools. Shop all Heating & Cooling Heaters Fireplaces Stoves. Shop all Paint Interior & Exterior Paint Ladders. Shop all Patio & Garden Patio Furniture Patio & Outdoor Decor Sheds & Outdoor Storage Outdoor Shade Grills & Outdoor Cooking Outdoor Heating Swimming Pools Hot Tubs & Saunas. Shop all Garden Center Outdoor Power Equipment Landscaping Pots & Planters. Shop all Industrial & Scientific Janitorial & Sanitation Supplies Food Service Equipment. Shop All Clothing Intimates & Sleepwear All Shoes Boys' Girls' Swim Shop Spring Fashion Activewear Shop School Uniforms Precious Metals Bags & Accessories Luggage Sleepwear Shop Premium Beauty Fashion Brands Clearance & More. Shop all Women's Women's Plus Juniors' Maternity Women's Shoes. Shop all Jewelry Wedding & Engagement Watches Fine Jewelry Fashion Jewelry Personalized Jewelry. Shop all Men's Men's Big & Tall Young Men's Men's Shoes Men's Jewelry. Shop all Baby & Toddlers' Baby Girl Baby Boy Toddler Girl Toddler Boy Baby & Kids' Shoes. Shop All Baby Baby Deals Parent's Choice Britax Premium Brands Restock Shop Baby Registry Baby Box Strollers Car Seats Baby & Toddler Clothing. Shop all Diapering & Potty Diapers Wipes Diaper Bags. Shop all Feeding Breast Feeding Bottle Feeding Baby Formula Baby Food Toddler Feeding Bibs & Burp Cloths. Shop all Nursery & Décor Cribs Furniture Bedding Décor. Shop all Toddler Room Furniture Bedding. Shop all Play & Travel Gear Playstations & Walkers Playards Swings Carriers & Wraps Baby & Toddler Toys. Shop all Health & Safety Bath Baby Gates Baby Monitors Baby Care. Toys Savings Musical Instruments Boys' Toys Girls' Toys Xbox One X Retro Gaming. Shop all Toys Action Figures Dolls & Dollhouses Cars, Drones & RC LEGO & Building Sets Pretend Play Arts & Crafts Electronics for Kids Learning Toys Nerf & Blasters Stuffed Animals & Plush Games & Puzzles. Shop all Bikes & Ride-Ons Kids' Bikes Ride-On Toys Hoverboards. Shop all Outdoor Play Swing Sets Trampolines. Shop all Shop by Age Preschool 5-7 8-11 12+. Shop all Video Games Virtual Reality New Releases PlayStation 4 Xbox One Nintendo Switch Accessories Digital Gaming Nintendo 3DS / 2DS Nintendo Wii U / Wii PlayStation VR Preorders Used Games. Restock Shop Fresh Flowers Meal Kits & Specialty Food Boxes Grocery Pickup & Delivery. Shop all Shop All Food Coffee Beverages Snacks & Cookies Breakfast & Cereal Meals Condiments Pasta Candy & Gum Soups Canned Goods Emergency Food Baking Center International Food. Shop all Household Essentials Laundry Room Kitchen Bathroom Paper & Plastic Cleaning Supplies Air Fresheners Batteries Pest Control As Seen On TV Light Bulbs. Shop all Shop All Pets Cats Dogs Fish Small Animals Birds Equine Reptiles. Shop all Clearance & Rollbacks Food Household Essentials Pets. Shop all Beauty Makeup Skin Care Fragrances Beauty Tools Hair Care Premium Beauty. Shop all Brands We Love Flower Culturelle OralB Braun ReliOn. Shop all Personal Care Feminine Care Incontinence. Shop all Shave Electric Shavers Razors. Shop all Oral Care Electric Toothbrushes Water Flossers. Shop all Bath & Body Lotions Body Wash. Shop all Vision Center Prescription Eyewear Contact Lenses. Shop all Health Medicine Cabinet Cold, Cough and Flu Digestive Health Home Health Care Diabetes Management. Shop all Wellness Supplements Protein & Fitness Weight Management Aromatherapy. Shop all Pharmacy Refill Prescriptions Transfer Prescriptions. Shop All Sports Outdoor Sports Emergency Prep Ozark Trail Hunting Trampolines Game Room Basketball Sports Fanshop. Shop all Camping Tents Airbeds Canopies & Shelters. Shop all Fishing Rod & Reel Combos. Shop all Boats & Water Sports Canoes, Kayaks & Boats. Shop all Recreation Bikes Lawn Games Air Soft Air Guns Golf. Shop all Team Sports Baseball & Softball Football. Shop all Exercise & Fitness Boxing Mixed Martial Arts. Shop all Exercise Machines Treadmills Bikes Ellipticals Home Gyms. Shop all Strength and Weight Training Fitness Accessories Ab & Core Toners. Shop All Auto Tires Batteries & Accessories Diagnostic Tools Auto Paint & Accessories Auto Interior Auto Exterior Windshield Wipers Motorcycles & ATVs RV Parts & Accessories Auto Detailing & Car Care Auto Services. Shop all Oils & Fluids Motor Oil Antifreeze & Coolants Transmission, Brake, & Steering Fluids. Shop all Automotive Tools & Equipment Car Battery Chargers & Accessories. Shop all Auto Electronics Car DVD & Video Car Stereos Car Speakers & Subwoofers Power Inverters Dash Cams. Shop all Auto Body Repair Auto Repair Tools. Shop all Auto Replacement Parts Oil Filters Engine Air Filters Spark Plugs Brake Parts. Shop all Photo Center Available Same Day Blankets Calendars Canvas & Wall Art Cards & Invitations Home Decor & Gifts Jewelry & Clothing Mugs Office Phone Cases Photo Books Pillows Posters Prints. Shop all Personalized Shop Easter Rollbacks & Clearance Wedding Invitations Wedding Sweepstakes Graduation Home Decor Clothing & Accessories Bedding & Bath Kitchen & Dining Kids Character Shop. Shop all Personalized Jewelry Rings Necklaces Class Rings. Shop all Gift Cards Mail a Gift Card Email a Gift Card Specialty Gift Cards Check Card Balances Corporate Gift Card Program. Shop all Gift Registry Baby Registry Wedding Registry Lists. Craft Tips & Ideas Costumes & Dress Up Party Ideas & Recipes Christmas Decor Savings Birthday Shop Wedding Shop Valentine's Day Plush. Shop all Arts, Crafts & Sewing Art & Drawing Supplies Beading & Jewelry Crafting Die Cutting Machines Sewing Fabric Scrapbooking Supplies Artificial Plants & Flowers Knitting & Crochet Yarn Craft Furniture & Storage. Shop all Party & Occasions Baking & Pastry Supplies Balloons Cards & Invitations Disposable Tableware Giftwrap & Supplies Party Decorations Party Favors Pinatas. Shop all Party Themes Themed Party Sets Anniversary Baby Shower Halloween Christmas Decor. Stretch your tax refund FREE Grocery Pickup Electronics & Office Movies, Music & Books Home, Furniture & Appliances Home Improvement & Patio Clothing, Shoes & Jewelry Baby & Toddler Toys & Video Games Food, Household & Pets Pharmacy, Health & Beauty Sports, Fitness & Outdoors Auto & Tires Photo & Personalized Shop Sewing, Crafts & Party Supplies See All Departments. Baby Registry Wedding Registry Classroom Supplies. TV & Video TVs DVD & Blu-ray Players Home Audio & Theater TV Accessories. Cell Phones Straight Talk Phones Unlocked Phones Contract Phones No-Contract Phones Prepaid Minutes & Data Cases & Accessories. iPad & Tablets iPad Windows Tablets Android Tablets Accessories. Computers Laptops Desktops PC Gaming Printers & Supplies Networking Software Monitors Accessories. Portable Audio iPod & MP3 Players Headphones Speakers & Docks. Office Supplies Office Electronics School Supplies. Movies & TV 2-Day Shipping Action & Adventure Blu-ray Discs Boxed Sets Children & Family Instawatch Movie DVDs New Releases Preorders TV Shows. Music 2-Day Shipping Music Gift Cards Country Music Soundtracks Vinyl New Releases Pop R&B / Soul Rock Top 100 CDs. Books Deals in books Preorders New Releases Biographies & Memoirs Children's Books Christian Books & Bibles Cookbooks, Food & Wine Comics & Graphic Novels Crafts & Hobbies Humor Literature & Fiction Health and Wellness Teen & Young Adult. Shop By Room Living Room Bedroom Bathroom Dining Room Kitchen Kids' Room Teens' Room Patio Entryway Office. Shop By Category Appliances Bath Bedding Furniture Home Decor Kids’ Bedding Kids’ Furniture Kitchen & Dining Lighting Mattresses Patio & Garden Rugs Storage & Organization Vacuums & Floor Care Window Coverings. Brand Shops KitchenAid Better Homes and Gardens The Pioneer Woman Mainstays. Specialty Shops Home Gift Guide Back to College Shop by Style. Industrial & Scientific Janitorial & Sanitation Supplies Food Service Equipment. Heating & Cooling Heaters Fireplaces Stoves. Paint Interior & Exterior Paint Ladders. Patio & Garden Patio Furniture Patio & Outdoor Decor Sheds & Outdoor Storage Outdoor Shade Grills & Outdoor Cooking Outdoor Heating Swimming Pools Hot Tubs & Saunas. Garden Center Outdoor Power Equipment Landscaping Pots & Planters. Women's Women's Plus Juniors' Maternity Women's Shoes. Jewelry Wedding & Engagement Watches Fine Jewelry Fashion Jewelry Personalized Jewelry. Men's Men's Big & Tall Young Men's Men's Shoes Men's Jewelry. Baby & Toddlers' Baby Girl Baby Boy Toddler Girl Toddler Boy Baby & Kids' Shoes. Diapering & Potty Diapers Wipes Diaper Bags. Feeding Breast Feeding Bottle Feeding Baby Formula Baby Food Toddler Feeding Bibs & Burp Cloths. Nursery & Décor Cribs Furniture Bedding Décor. Play & Travel Gear Playstations & Walkers Playards Swings Carriers & Wraps Baby & Toddler Toys. Health & Safety Bath Baby Gates Baby Monitors Baby Care. Toys Action Figures Dolls & Dollhouses Cars, Drones & RC LEGO & Building Sets Pretend Play Arts & Crafts Electronics for Kids Learning Toys Nerf & Blasters Stuffed Animals & Plush Games & Puzzles. Bikes & Ride-Ons Kids' Bikes Ride-On Toys Hoverboards. Shop by Age Preschool 5-7 8-11 12+. Video Games Virtual Reality New Releases PlayStation 4 Xbox One Nintendo Switch Accessories Digital Gaming Nintendo 3DS / 2DS Nintendo Wii U / Wii PlayStation VR Preorders Used Games. Shop All Food Coffee Beverages Snacks & Cookies Breakfast & Cereal Meals Condiments Pasta Candy & Gum Soups Canned Goods Emergency Food Baking Center International Food. Household Essentials Laundry Room Kitchen Bathroom Paper & Plastic Cleaning Supplies Air Fresheners Batteries Pest Control As Seen On TV Light Bulbs. Meal Kits & Specialty Food Boxes. Shop All Pets Cats Dogs Fish Small Animals Birds Equine Reptiles. Clearance & Rollbacks Food Household Essentials Pets. Beauty Makeup Skin Care Fragrances Beauty Tools Hair Care Premium Beauty. Brands We Love Flower Culturelle OralB Braun ReliOn. Oral Care Electric Toothbrushes Water Flossers. Bath & Body Lotions Body Wash. Vision Center Prescription Eyewear Contact Lenses. Health Medicine Cabinet Cold, Cough and Flu Digestive Health Home Health Care Diabetes Management. Wellness Supplements Protein & Fitness Weight Management Aromatherapy. Camping Tents Airbeds Canopies & Shelters. Fishing Rod & Reel Combos. Boats & Water Sports Canoes, Kayaks & Boats. Recreation Bikes Lawn Games Air Soft Air Guns Golf. Team Sports Baseball & Softball Football. Exercise & Fitness Boxing Mixed Martial Arts. Exercise Machines Treadmills Bikes Ellipticals Home Gyms. Strength and Weight Training Fitness Accessories Ab & Core Toners. Oils & Fluids Motor Oil Antifreeze & Coolants Transmission, Brake, & Steering Fluids. Automotive Tools & Equipment Car Battery Chargers & Accessories. Auto Electronics Car DVD & Video Car Stereos Car Speakers & Subwoofers Power Inverters Dash Cams. Auto Body Repair Auto Repair Tools. Auto Replacement Parts Oil Filters Engine Air Filters Spark Plugs Brake Parts. Photo Center Available Same Day Blankets Calendars Canvas & Wall Art Cards & Invitations Home Decor & Gifts Jewelry & Clothing Mugs Office Phone Cases Photo Books Pillows Posters Prints. Personalized Shop Easter Rollbacks & Clearance Wedding Invitations Wedding Sweepstakes Graduation Home Decor Clothing & Accessories Bedding & Bath Kitchen & Dining Kids Character Shop. Personalized Jewelry Rings Necklaces Class Rings. Gift Cards Mail a Gift Card Email a Gift Card Specialty Gift Cards Check Card Balances Corporate Gift Card Program. Gift Registry Baby Registry Wedding Registry Lists. Arts, Crafts & Sewing Art & Drawing Supplies Beading & Jewelry Crafting Die Cutting Machines Sewing Fabric Scrapbooking Supplies Artificial Plants & Flowers Knitting & Crochet Yarn Craft Furniture & Storage. Party & Occasions Baking & Pastry Supplies Balloons Cards & Invitations Disposable Tableware Giftwrap & Supplies Party Decorations Party Favors Pinatas. Party Themes Themed Party Sets Anniversary Baby Shower Halloween Christmas Decor. All Departments Auto & Tires Baby Beauty Books Cell Phones Clothing Electronics Food. Gifts & Registry Health Home Home Improvement Household Essentials Jewelry Movies Music Office. Party & Occasions Patio & Garden Pets Pharmacy Photo Center Sports & Outdoors Toys Video Games. FREE Grocery Pickup FREE 2-Day Shipping Shop smart with our app Get your flu shot today Stretch your tax refund. FREE Grocery Pickup FREE 2-Day Shipping Shop smart with our app Get your flu shot today Stretch your tax refund. Pickup Today Grocery Pickup Weekly Ads Credit Card Track Order. Cell Phones Shop Phones by Operating System Android. BLU Life One X2 Mini L0130UU Unlocked GSM Phone w/ 13MP Camera - Gold. Average rating: out of 5 stars, based on reviews Write a review ratings. This button opens a dialog that displays additional images for this product with the option to zoom in or out.. BLU Life ONE X2 Mini - 5.0" L0130uu Cellphone GSM 64GB 13MP Unlocked Android - Gold. Tell us if something is incorrect. Sold & shipped by Walmart. See arrival and pickup dates for your area.. Enter ZIP code or city, state. Cover drops, spills & cracked screens with a Care Plan. Protect your purchase with a care plan. Cover drops, spills, cracked screens, and more. Plus, get set up and connected with access to 30 days of Soluto Premium Tech Help. Add 2-Year Mobile Phone Protection $ 14. 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12. See arrival and pickup dates for your area.. Enter ZIP code or city, state. Tell us if something is incorrect. BLU Life ONE X2 Mini - 5.0" L0130uu Cellphone GSM 64GB 13MP Unlocked Android - Gold. Get specific details about this product from customers who own it.. Be the first to review this item!. Average rating: 0 out of 5 stars, based on reviews. See any care plans, options and policies that may be associated with this product.. Electrode, Comp-276504562, DC-prod-dfw7, ENV-prod-a, PROF-PROD, VER-21.17.3-rc-1, SHA-c37438843926f3cccffc1b3ed5e62a5a7012bec8, CID-. Help Feedback MoneyCenter Privacy & Security CA Privacy Rights Terms of Use. See All Services Walmart MoneyCenter Walmart Credit Card Product Care Plans Walmart Pay. About Walmart.com Corporate Suppliers Sell on Walmart.com Careers @WalmartLabs The Walmart Digital Museum. Terms of Use About Our Ads Affiliate Program CA Privacy Rights Privacy & Security. Returns Policy Product Recalls Int’l Customers Tax Exempt Program Contact Us Feedback Store Pickup. Electronics Toys Video Games Home Products Clothing Sports & Outdoors Baby Products. 
Our new search experience requires JavaScript to be enabled. Please enable JavaScript on your browser , then try again .. All Categories Antiques Art Baby Books Business & Industrial Cameras & Photo Cell Phones & Accessories Clothing, Shoes & Accessories Coins & Paper Money Collectibles Computers/Tablets & Networking Consumer Electronics Crafts Dolls & Bears DVDs & Movies eBay Motors Entertainment Memorabilia Gift Cards & Coupons Health & Beauty Home & Garden Jewelry & Watches Music Musical Instruments & Gear Pet Supplies Pottery & Glass Real Estate Specialty Services Sporting Goods Sports Mem, Cards & Fan Shop Stamps Tickets & Experiences Toys & Hobbies Travel Video Games & Consoles Everything Else. Hi ( Sign in to bid or buy) Daily Deals Gift Cards Help & Contact Sell. Summary Recently Viewed Bids/Offers Watch List Purchase History Selling Saved Searches Saved Sellers Messages. Refine your search for blu life one x2. All Listings - Current page. results for blu life one x2. Save blu life one x2 to get e-mail alerts and updates on your eBay Feed.. Unfollow blu life one x2 to stop getting updates on your eBay Feed.. You'll receive email and Feed alerts when new items arrive. Afghanistan - AFG Albania - ALB Algeria - DZA American Samoa - ASM Andorra - AND Angola - AGO Anguilla - AIA Antigua and Barbuda - ATG Argentina - ARG Armenia - ARM Aruba - ABW Australia - AUS Austria - AUT Azerbaijan Republic - AZE Bahamas - BHS Bahrain - BHR Bangladesh - BGD Barbados - BRB Belarus - BLR Belgium - BEL Belize - BLZ Benin - BEN Bermuda - BMU Bhutan - BTN Bolivia - BOL Bosnia and Herzegovina - BIH Botswana - BWA Brazil - BRA British Virgin Islands - VGB Brunei Darussalam - BRN Bulgaria - BGR Burkina Faso - BFA Burma - MMR Burundi - BDI Cambodia - KHM Cameroon - CMR Canada - CAN Cape Verde Islands - CPV Cayman Islands - CYM Central African Republic - CAF Chad - TCD Chile - CHL China - CHN Colombia - COL Comoros - COM Congo, Democratic Republic of the - COD Congo, Republic of the - COG Cook Islands - COK Costa Rica - CRI Cote d Ivoire (Ivory Coast) - CIV Croatia, Republic of - HRV Cyprus - CYP Czech Republic - CZE Denmark - DNK Djibouti - DJI Dominica - DMA Dominican Republic - DOM Ecuador - ECU Egypt - EGY El Salvador - SLV Equatorial Guinea - GNQ Eritrea - ERI Estonia - EST Ethiopia - ETH Falkland Islands (Islas Malvinas) - FLK Fiji - FJI Finland - FIN France - FRA French Guiana - GUF French Polynesia - PYF Gabon Republic - GAB Gambia - GMB Georgia - GEO Germany - DEU Ghana - GHA Gibraltar - GIB Greece - GRC Greenland - GRL Grenada - GRD Guadeloupe - GLP Guam - GUM Guatemala - GTM Guernsey - GGY Guinea - GIN Guinea-Bissau - GNB Guyana - GUY Haiti - HTI Honduras - HND Hong Kong - HKG Hungary - HUN Iceland - ISL India - IND Indonesia - IDN Ireland - IRL Israel - ISR Italy - ITA Jamaica - JAM Japan - JPN Jersey - JEY Jordan - JOR Kazakhstan - KAZ Kenya - KEN Kiribati - KIR Korea, South - KOR Kuwait - KWT Kyrgyzstan - KGZ Laos - LAO Latvia - LVA Lebanon - LBN Liechtenstein - LIE Lithuania - LTU Luxembourg - LUX Macau - MAC Macedonia - MKD Madagascar - MDG Malawi - MWI Malaysia - MYS Maldives - MDV Mali - MLI Malta - MLT Marshall Islands - MHL Martinique - MTQ Mauritania - MRT Mauritius - MUS Mayotte - MYT Mexico - MEX Micronesia - FSM Moldova - MDA Monaco - MCO Mongolia - MNG Montenegro - MNE Montserrat - MSR Morocco - MAR Mozambique - MOZ Namibia - NAM Nauru - NRU Nepal - NPL Netherlands - NLD Netherlands Antilles - ANT New Caledonia - NCL New Zealand - NZL Nicaragua - NIC Niger - NER Nigeria - NGA Niue - NIU Norway - NOR Oman - OMN Pakistan - PAK Palau - PLW Panama - PAN Papua New Guinea - PNG Paraguay - PRY Peru - PER Philippines - PHL Poland - POL Portugal - PRT Puerto Rico - PRI Qatar - QAT Reunion - REU Romania - ROU Russian Federation - RUS Rwanda - RWA Saint Helena - SHN Saint Kitts-Nevis - KNA Saint Lucia - LCA Saint Pierre and Miquelon - SPM Saint Vincent and the Grenadines - VCT San Marino - SMR Saudi Arabia - SAU Senegal - SEN Serbia - SRB Seychelles - SYC Sierra Leone - SLE Singapore - SGP Slovakia - SVK Slovenia - SVN Solomon Islands - SLB Somalia - SOM South Africa - ZAF Spain - ESP Sri Lanka - LKA Suriname - SUR Swaziland - SWZ Sweden - SWE Switzerland - CHE Taiwan - TWN Tajikistan - TJK Tanzania - TZA Thailand - THA Togo - TGO Tonga - TON Trinidad and Tobago - TTO Tunisia - TUN Turkey - TUR Turkmenistan - TKM Turks and Caicos Islands - TCA Tuvalu - TUV Uganda - UGA Ukraine - UKR United Arab Emirates - ARE United Kingdom - UK United States - USA Uruguay - URU Uzbekistan - UZB Vanuatu - VUT Vatican City State - VAT Venezuela - VEN Vietnam - VNM Virgin Islands (U.S) - VIR Wallis and Futuna - WLF Western Sahara - ESH Western Samoa - WSM Yemen - YEM Zambia - ZMB Zimbabwe - ZWE. BLU Life One X2 L0090UU - 64GB - Gray (Unlocked) Smartphone. 7 new & refurbished from $139.95. BLU LIFE ONE X2 - 4G LTE Unlocked Smartphone -64GB+4GB RAM -Rose Gold. 9 new & refurbished from $181.61. BLU Life One X2 L0091UU 64GB Unlocked GSM 4G LTE Octa-Core Phone - Rose Gold. BLU Life One X2 L0091UU 64GB Unlocked GSM 4G LTE Octa-Core Phone - Rose Gold. BLU LIFE ONE X2 - 4G LTE Unlocked Smartphone - 16GB+2GB RAM - Grey. BLU Life One X2 16GB Unlocked GSM LTE Octa-Core Phone w/ 16MP Camera - Rose Gold. BLU LIFE ONE X2 - 4G LTE Unlocked Smartphone -64GB+4GB RAM -Rose Gold. BLU Life One X2 L0091UU 64GB Unlocked GSM 4G LTE Octa-Core Phone - Gray. 7 new & refurbished from $139.95. Blu Life One X2 64GB 4G LTE- Dual Sim-GSM Unlocked- Fully Functional- Read Below. BLU Life ONE X2 Mini 5.0" Unlocked Smartphone 4G LTE 64GB + 4GB RAM (Rose Gold). BLU LIFE ONE X2 - 4G LTE Unlocked Smartphone -64GB+4GB RAM -Rose Gold. BLU LIFE ONE X2 - 4G LTE Unlocked Smartphone - Dual Sim - 16GB+2GB RAM - Grey. BLU Life ONE X2 Mini 5.0" Unlocked Smartphone 4G LTE 64GB + 4GB RAM (Grey). 2 new & refurbished from $144.98. Blu Life One X2 - 4G Lte Unlocked Smartphone 64Gb+4Gb Ram Rose Gold. BLU LIFE ONE X2 - 4G LTE Unlocked Smartphone - 64GB+4GB RAM - Grey. BLU Life ONE X2 Mini - 5.0" Unlocked Smartphone - 64GB + 4GB RAM - Gold. New Unlocked At&t BLU LIFE ONE X2 4G LTE Smartphone 64GB 4GB Ram Rose Gold GSM. 9 new & refurbished from $181.61. BLU Life ONE X2 Mini 5.0" Unlocked Smartphone 4G LTE 64GB + 4GB RAM (Gold). MINT CONDITION, UNLOCKED, BLU Life One X2 L0090UU - 16GB - Gray. BLU LIFE ONE X2 - 4G LTE Unlocked Smartphone - 64GB+4GB RAM - Grey New. 7 new & refurbished from $139.95. BLU LIFE ONE X2 - 4G LTE Unlocked Smartphone - 64GB+4GB RAM - Grey. 7 new & refurbished from $139.95. BLU LIFE ONE X2 - 4G LTE Unlocked Smartphone. 7 new & refurbished from $139.95. [5 Pack]BLU Life One X2 High Defintion Ultra Clear Screen Protector FilmNot Gla. White Full LCD w/ Touch Screen +Tool for BLU Life One X2 Mini L0130UU 5" ZVLQ491. BLU Life ONE X2 Mini 5.0" Unlocked Smartphone 4G LTE - 64GB + 4GB RAM -Rose Gold. BLU Life ONE X2 Mini - 5.0" Unlocked Android Smartphone -4G LTE - 64GB + 4GB RAM. 2 new & refurbished from $144.98. BLU LIFE ONE X2 - 4G LTE Unlocked Androidv 6.0 Smartphone - 64GB+4GB RAM - Grey. BLU LIFE ONE X2 - 4G LTE Unlocked Smartphone - 64GB+4GB RAM - Grey. 7 new & refurbished from $139.95. BLU LIFE ONE X2 - 4G LTE Unlocked Smartphone - 16GB+2GB RAM - Grey. BLU LIFE ONE X2 - 4G LTE Unlocked Smartphone -64GB+4GB RAM -Rose Gold. BLU Life ONE X2 Mini - 5.0" L0130uu GSM 64GB 13MP Unlocked NEW- ROSE GOLD. BLU LIFE ONE X2 - 4G LTE Unlocked Smartphone -64GB+4GB RAM -Rose Gold. BLU LIFE ONE X2 - 4G LTE Unlocked Smartphone -64GB+4GB RAM -Rose Gold. BLU LIFE ONE X2 4G LTE Unlocked Smartphone 64GB+4GB RAM -Rose Gold. 9 new & refurbished from $181.61. BLU Life One X2 16GB Unlocked GSM LTE Octa-Core Phone w/ 16MP Camera - Rose Gold. BLU LIFE ONE X2 - 4G LTE Unlocked Smartphone -64GB+4GB RAM -Rose Gold. 9 new & refurbished from $181.61. BLU LIFE ONE X2 - 4G LTE Unlocked Smartphone -64GB+4GB RAM -Rose Gold. 9 new & refurbished from $181.61. Fintie BLU LIFE ONE X2 Tempered Glass Screen Protector - [2-Pack] [Scratch... Assembly Liquid Crystal Displayer Touch Screen For blu life one x2 Black White. BLU LIFE ONE X2 - 4G LTE Unlocked Smartphone - 64GB+4GB RAM - Grey. 7 new & refurbished from $139.95. BLU Life One X2 L0091UU 64GB Unlocked GSM 4G LTE Octa-Core Phone. 7 new & refurbished from $139.95. BLU LIFE ONE X2 - 4G LTE Unlocked Smartphone -64GB+4GB RAM -Rose Gold Ros... 9 new & refurbished from $181.61. BLU LIFE ONE X2 - 4G LTE Unlocked Smartphone -64GB+4GB RAM -Rose Gold. 9 new & refurbished from $181.61. BLU LIFE ONE X2 - 4G LTE Unlocked Smartphone. 7 new & refurbished from $139.95. BLU LIFE ONE X2 - 4G LTE Unlocked Smartphone -64GB+4GB RAM -Rose Gold Rose Gold. 9 new & refurbished from $181.61. BLU LIFE ONE X2 - 4G LTE Unlocked Smartphone - 64GB+4GB RAM - Grey. 7 new & refurbished from $139.95. BLU LIFE ONE X2 - 4G LTE Unlocked Smartphone -64GB+4GB RAM -Rose Gold. 9 new & refurbished from $181.61. BLU LIFE ONE X2 - 4G LTE Unlocked Smartphone -64GB+4GB RAM -Rose Gold,. BLU LIFE ONE X2 - 4G LTE Unlocked Smartphone -64GB+4GB RAM -Rose Gold. 9 new & refurbished from $181.61. White LCD Display w/ Touch Screen +Tool for BLU Life One X2 L0090UU 5.2" ZVLQ495. 64GB MicroSD EVO Select Memory Card with Adapter for Blu Life one X2 Mini. Customs services and international tracking provided. Authorized Dealer, 30-Day Money Back Guaranteed. Customs services and international tracking provided. Authorized Dealer, 30-Day Money Back Guaranteed. Authorized Dealer, 30-Day Money Back Guaranteed. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Authorized Dealer, 30-Day Money Back Guaranteed. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. NEW BLU Model Fast Shipping US 1 Year Factory Warranty. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. eBay determines this price through a machine learned model of the product's sale prices within the last 90 days.. eBay determines trending price through a machine learned model of the product’s sale prices within the last 90 days. "New" refers to a brand-new, unused, unopened, undamaged item, and "Used" refers to an item that has been used previously.. Top Rated Plus Sellers with highest buyer ratings Returns, money back Ships in a business day with tracking Learn More. Top Rated Plus Sellers with highest buyer ratings Returns, money back Ships in a business day with tracking Learn More. $ Enter minimum price to $ Enter maximum price. Please enter a minimum and/or maximum price before continuing.. Site Map Copyright © 1995-2018 eBay Inc. Accessibility , User Agreement , Privacy , Cookies and AdChoice Norton Secured - powered by Verisign. Number of bids and bid amounts may be slightly out of date. See each listing for international shipping options and costs.. 
Apple iPad Mini 1 / 2 / 3. Apple iPad 4th 3rd 2nd Generation. 1 - 2 - 3 - 4. Executive Business Premium Cell Phone Pouch Holder Belt Loop Clip Holster Case Black for BLU Life One X2 Mini. Executive Business Premium Cell Phone Pouch Holder Belt Loop Clip Holster Case Black Gray for BLU Life One X2 Mini. Executive Business Premium Cell Phone Pouch Holder Belt Loop Clip Holster Case Black Gray for BLU Life One X2 Mini. Cellet Black Universal Bluetooth Wireless Headset - Black for BLU Life One X2 Mini. Cellet Cell Phone Holder with DC Car Charger Plug and USB Charging Port for BLU Life One X2 Mini. Cellet Durable Windshield Mount Car Phone Holder - Black for BLU Life One X2 Mini. Cellet Smartphone Car Air Vent Mount Phone Holder for BLU Life One X2 Mini. Cellet Super Fast Rapid Charging USB Car Charger with Quick Charge 3.0 Phones & Tablets - Black for BLU Life One X2 Mini. CyonGear Hi-Powered 10W / 2.1 Amp Home Wall Charger (Micro USB cable included) - Black for BLU Life One X2 Mini. CyonGear Hi-Powered 10W / 2.1 Amp Home Wall Charger (Micro USB cable included) - White for BLU Life One X2 Mini. One Microfiber Cleaning Cloth - Size 6 x 7 for BLU Life One X2 Mini. Transparent Clear Waterproof Underwater Phone Pouch Bag with Lanyard for BLU Life One X2 Mini. Universal Windshield Phone Holder 360 Rotating Car Mount for BLU Life One X2 Mini. Wireless Neckband Earbuds Bluetooth Headphones In-Ear Sport Gym Running Red for BLU Life One X2 Mini. Handlebar Bike Mount Phone Holder Motorcycle Bicycle for BLU Life One X2 Mini. Proworx Car Vent Mount Durable Phone Holder for BLU Life One X2 Mini. Cellet Super Fast Rapid Charging USB Car Charger with Quick Charge 3.0 Phones & Tablets - White for BLU Life One X2 Mini. ProWorx Multi-Angle Mini Portable Durable Aluminum Tablet Smartphone Stand for BLU Life One X2 Mini. Waterproof Smartphone Pouch Dry Bag ProWorx - Blue for BLU Life One X2 Mini. Waterproof Smartphone Pouch Dry Bag ProWorx - Clear for BLU Life One X2 Mini. Waterproof Smartphone Pouch Dry Bag ProWorx - Hot Pink for BLU Life One X2 Mini. Dual 2 Port PROWORX USB Car Charger 4.8 Amp/24W Fast Charging - Black for BLU Life One X2 Mini. Dual 2 Port PROWORX USB Car Charger 4.8 Amp/24W Fast Charging - Blue for BLU Life One X2 Mini. Dual 2 Port PROWORX USB Car Charger 4.8 Amp/24W Fast Charging - Gold for BLU Life One X2 Mini. Dual 2 Port PROWORX USB Car Charger 4.8 Amp/24W Fast Charging - Gray for BLU Life One X2 Mini. Dual 2 Port PROWORX USB Car Charger 4.8 Amp/24W Fast Charging - Hot Pink for BLU Life One X2 Mini. Dual 2 Port PROWORX USB Car Charger 4.8 Amp/24W Fast Charging - Lime Green for BLU Life One X2 Mini. Dual 2 Port PROWORX USB Car Charger 4.8 Amp/24W Fast Charging - Orange for BLU Life One X2 Mini. Dual 2 Port PROWORX USB Car Charger 4.8 Amp/24W Fast Charging - Red for BLU Life One X2 Mini. Dual 2 Port PROWORX USB Car Charger 4.8 Amp/24W Fast Charging - Rose Gold for BLU Life One X2 Mini. Dual 2 Port PROWORX USB Car Charger 4.8 Amp/24W Fast Charging - Silver for BLU Life One X2 Mini. Dual 2 Port PROWORX USB Car Charger 4.8 Amp/24W Fast Charging - Sky Blue for BLU Life One X2 Mini. Dual 2 Port PROWORX USB Car Charger 4.8 Amp/24W Fast Charging - Yellow for BLU Life One X2 Mini. Bluetooth Headset PROWORX Hands Free Wireless Earpiece Headphones with Microphone - Silver for BLU Life One X2 Mini. Universal Mini In-Ear Wireless Bluetooth 4.1 Headset Mono Headphone for BLU Life One X2 Mini. Dual USB Super Fast Car Charger (Qualcomm Quick Charge 2.0 Technology) Black for BLU Life One X2 Mini. Dual USB Super Fast Car Charger (Qualcomm Quick Charge 2.0 Technology) White for BLU Life One X2 Mini. Black Posh Genuine Real Leather Premium Luxury MyJacket Wallet Case with Strap for BLU Life One X2 Mini. Cellet Prism RapidCharge 12W 2.4A Dual USB Fast Charging Car Charger - Black for BLU Life One X2 Mini. Cellet Prism RapidCharge 12W 2.4A Dual USB Fast Charging Car Charger - Blue for BLU Life One X2 Mini. Cellet Prism RapidCharge 12W 2.4A Dual USB Fast Charging Car Charger - Green for BLU Life One X2 Mini. Cellet Prism RapidCharge 12W 2.4A Dual USB Fast Charging Car Charger - Orange for BLU Life One X2 Mini. Cellet Prism RapidCharge 12W 2.4A Dual USB Fast Charging Car Charger - Pink for BLU Life One X2 Mini. Cellet Prism RapidCharge 12W 2.4A Dual USB Fast Charging Car Charger - Yellow for BLU Life One X2 Mini. Black Crocodile Genuine Real Leather MyJacket Wallet Case Flap Phone Pouch for BLU Life One X2 Mini. Cellet 3.1A Dual USB Port Car Charger with Extended 5ft Cable Cable for BLU Life One X2 Mini. Cellet 5V / 25Watt (5.1Amp) 4-Port Fast Rapid Charge USB Desktop Charging Station Travel Wall Charger - Black for BLU Life One X2 Mini. Cellet Car Charger with 4 USB Ports/2.4amp for Front & Backseat Black for BLU Life One X2 Mini. Cellet Car Charger with 4 USB Ports/2.4amp for Front & Backseat White for BLU Life One X2 Mini. CyonGear High Power 10W / 2.1A Dual USB Fast Car Charger for BLU Life One X2 Mini. RUIZ by Cellet High Powered 2.1A (10W) USB Home Wall Charger - Black for BLU Life One X2 Mini. RUIZ by Cellet High Powered 2.1A (10W) USB Home Wall Charger - White for BLU Life One X2 Mini. RUIZ by Cellet 2.1A (10W) USB Fast Charging Car Charger - Black / Gray for BLU Life One X2 Mini. RUIZ by Cellet 2.1A (10W) USB Fast Charging Car Charger - Black / Green for BLU Life One X2 Mini. RUIZ by Cellet 2.1A (10W) USB Fast Charging Car Charger - White / Gray for BLU Life One X2 Mini. CyonGear 10W / 2.1 Amp Hi-Powered USB Wall Home Charger - Black for BLU Life One X2 Mini. CyonGear 10W / 2.1 Amp Hi-Powered USB Wall Home Charger - White for BLU Life One X2 Mini. Cellet Retractable 3.5mm Stereo In-Ear Headphones Earbuds Compact - Black for BLU Life One X2 Mini. Cellet Universal 26W 5.2 Amp 4-Port Car Charger - Black for BLU Life One X2 Mini. Cellet Universal 26W 5.2 Amp 4-Port Car Charger - White for BLU Life One X2 Mini. 2X Microfiber Cleaning Cloths - Size 6 x 7 for BLU Life One X2 Mini. 3X Microfiber Cleaning Cloths - Size 6 x 7 for BLU Life One X2 Mini. 4X Microfiber Cleaning Cloths - Size 6 x 7 for BLU Life One X2 Mini. 5X Microfiber Cleaning Cloths - Size 6 x 7 for BLU Life One X2 Mini. 6X Microfiber Cleaning Cloths - Size 6 x 7 for BLU Life One X2 Mini. Cellet 10 Watt/2.1 Amp Dual USB Fast Charging Wall Home Charger - White for BLU Life One X2 Mini. Cellet 5Watt (1Amp) Home Travel Wall Charger USB Port - Black for BLU Life One X2 Mini. Cellet Car Charger with 2 USB Ports and 1 Car Socket Lighter Adapter White/Gold for BLU Life One X2 Mini. Cellet High Powered Dual USB Port 10Watt (2.1Amp) Car Charger - Blue for BLU Life One X2 Mini. Cellet Low Profile 5Watt (1Amp) USB Car Charger - Purple for BLU Life One X2 Mini. 2-port White Round Earphone Splitter with 3.5 to 3.5 Plug for BLU Life One X2 Mini. Black Rotating Display Phone Holder Dock Office Desktop Stand for BLU Life One X2 Mini. Black Sports Activity Gym Running Walking Pack Pocket Belt Pouch Waist Wrap for BLU Life One X2 Mini. Black Sports Activity Gym Running Walking Pack Pocket Belt Pouch Wrap Clip for BLU Life One X2 Mini. Black Universal Phone Holder Dock Office Desktop Stand for BLU Life One X2 Mini. Black Universal Phone Slim Holder Dock Office Desktop Stand for BLU Life One X2 Mini. Black Universal Premium Slim Holder Dock Office Desktop Stand for BLU Life One X2 Mini. Blue Sports Activity Gym Running Walking Pack Pocket Belt Pouch Waist Wrap for BLU Life One X2 Mini. Cellet Universal Tablet & Phone CD Slot Mount for BLU Life One X2 Mini. Pink Sports Activity Gym Running Walking Pack Pocket Belt Pouch Waist Wrap for BLU Life One X2 Mini. Red Sports Activity Gym Running Walking Pack Pocket Belt Pouch Waist Wrap for BLU Life One X2 Mini. Silver Mobile Speakers for BLU Life One X2 Mini. Universal Bluetooth Wireless Headset with Neckband Earbuds for BLU Life One X2 Mini. Universal Mini Phone Attachment Clip Stand Ring Finger Holder Clock for BLU Life One X2 Mini. Universal Mini Phone Attachment Clip Stand Ring Finger Holder Lemon for BLU Life One X2 Mini. Universal Mini Phone Attachment Clip Stand Ring Finger Holder Skull for BLU Life One X2 Mini. Universal Mini Phone Clip Stand Ring Finger Holder Bowknot Mirror for BLU Life One X2 Mini. White International Adaptor All-In-One Wall Plug for BLU Life One X2 Mini. Windshield Car Holder Black Sturdy Phone Mount Clip for BLU Life One X2 Mini. Windshield Car Holder White Sturdy Phone Mount Clip for BLU Life One X2 Mini. Wireless Bluetooth Portable Speaker for BLU Life One X2 Mini. Wireless Charging Receiver for BLU Life One X2 Mini. Black Dual USB Metal Car Charger 2.1A Fast With Emergency Safety Hammer Window Breaker for BLU Life One X2 Mini. Blue Dual USB Metal Car Charger 2.1A Fast With Emergency Safety Hammer Window Breaker for BLU Life One X2 Mini. Gold Dual USB Metal Car Charger 2.1A Fast With Emergency Safety Hammer Window Breaker for BLU Life One X2 Mini. Hot Pink Dual USB Metal Car Charger 2.1A Fast With Emergency Safety Hammer Window Breaker for BLU Life One X2 Mini. Silver Dual Dual USB Metal Car Charger 2.1A Fast With Emergency Safety Hammer Window Breaker for BLU Life One X2 Mini. Wireless Neckband Bluetooth Headphones Earbuds Sport Gym Running Jogging With Case Black for BLU Life One X2 Mini. Wireless Neckband Bluetooth Headphones Earbuds Sport Gym Running Jogging With Case Blue for BLU Life One X2 Mini. Wireless Neckband Bluetooth Headphones Earbuds Sport Gym Running Jogging With Case Red for BLU Life One X2 Mini. Wireless Neckband Bluetooth Headphones Earbuds Sport Gym Running Jogging With Case White for BLU Life One X2 Mini. Wireless Neckband Earbuds Bluetooth Headphones In-Ear Sport Gym Running Blue for BLU Life One X2 Mini. Wireless Neckband Earbuds Bluetooth Headphones In-Ear Sport Gym Running Orange for BLU Life One X2 Mini. Cellet Air Vent Smartphone Mount Holder with 360 Degree Rotation & Tightening Knob for BLU Life One X2 Mini. Cellet Car Air Vent Mini Cell Phone Holder Black for BLU Life One X2 Mini. Cellet Durable Car Air Vent Smartphone Holder Black for BLU Life One X2 Mini. Cellet Durable Windshield Mount Car Phone Holder - White for BLU Life One X2 Mini. Cellet Extra Strength Magnetic Car Dashboard Mount Phone Holder for BLU Life One X2 Mini. Cellet Heavy Duty 360 Degree Swivel Belt Clip Holder Holster Attachment Black for BLU Life One X2 Mini. Cellet Heavy Duty All Weather Bicycle Smartphone Pouch Safe Holder Black for BLU Life One X2 Mini. Cellet Heavy Duty Magnetic Car Phone Mount Holder Attachment for BLU Life One X2 Mini. Cellet Smartphone and Tablet Desktop Novelty Office Premium Stand Black for BLU Life One X2 Mini. Cellet Smartphone Durable Bike Bicycle Phone Mount Black for BLU Life One X2 Mini. Cellet Sticky Pad Car Dashboard Windshield Cell Phone Holder Mount Black for BLU Life One X2 Mini. Cellet Windshield Car Holder Smart Phone Mount with Large Suction Cup for BLU Life One X2 Mini. Cellet Windshield Dashboard Car Mount Phone Holder Black for BLU Life One X2 Mini. CyonGear Black Non-Slip Sticky Pad Phone Holder for BLU Life One X2 Mini. Extra Strength Adhesive Multipurpose Mounting Disk Phone Holder for BLU Life One X2 Mini. Black Dual USB Metal Alloy Travel Wall Home Charger Adapter 1A Charging for BLU Life One X2 Mini. Black Dual USB Metal Alloy Travel Wall Home Charger Adapter 2.1A Fast Charging for BLU Life One X2 Mini. Quick Charge Fast Rapid USB Wall Home Travel Charger QC 3.0 Phones Tablets for BLU Life One X2 Mini. Rose Gold Dual USB Metal Alloy Travel Wall Home Charger Adapter 1A Charging for BLU Life One X2 Mini. Rose Gold Dual USB Metal Travel Wall Home Charger Adapter 2.1A Fast Charging for BLU Life One X2 Mini. Silver Dual USB Metal Alloy Travel Wall Home Charger Adapter 1A Charging for BLU Life One X2 Mini. Silver Dual USB Metal Alloy Travel Wall Home Charger Adapter 2.1A Fast Charging for BLU Life One X2 Mini. Super Duty Premium Quick Rapid QC 3.0 Car Charger for BLU Life One X2 Mini. Universal Tactical Phone Accessories Pouch Holder 16 X 12 X 5 Cm Acu Camouflage for BLU Life One X2 Mini. Universal Tactical Phone Accessories Pouch Holder 16 X 12 X 5 Cm Black for BLU Life One X2 Mini. Universal Tactical Phone Accessories Pouch Holder 16 X 12 X 5 Cm Camouflage for BLU Life One X2 Mini. Universal Tactical Phone Accessories Pouch Holder 16 X 12 X 5 Cm Desert Camouflage for BLU Life One X2 Mini. Universal Tactical Phone Accessories Pouch Holder 16 X 12 X 5 Cm Desert Digital for BLU Life One X2 Mini. Universal Tactical Phone Accessories Pouch Holder 16 X 12 X 5 Cm Jungle Camouflage for BLU Life One X2 Mini. Universal Tactical Phone Accessories Pouch Holder 16 X 12 X 5 Cm Jungle Digital for BLU Life One X2 Mini. Universal Tactical Phone Accessories Pouch Holder 16 X 12 X 5 Cm Khaki for BLU Life One X2 Mini. Universal Tactical Phone Accessories Pouch Holder 16 X 12 X 5 Cm Python for BLU Life One X2 Mini. Cellet Extra Strength Magnetic Quick-Snap Car Air Vent Smartphone Mount Holder - Black for BLU Life One X2 Mini. Cellet Extra Strength Magnetic Quick-Snap Car Air Vent Smartphone Mount Holder - Silver for BLU Life One X2 Mini. Cellet Extra Strength Magnetic Quick-Snap Car Air Vent Smartphone Mount Holder - Space Gray for BLU Life One X2 Mini. Cellet BeatBot Rechargeable Bluetooth V4.1 Speaker w/ Built-In Bike Mount Orange for BLU Life One X2 Mini. Cellet BeatBot Rechargeable Bluetooth V4.1 Speaker w/ Built-In Bike Mount Pink for BLU Life One X2 Mini. Black Flower Diamond Adhesive Ring Kick Stand Mini Cute Accessory for BLU Life One X2 Mini. Black Row Diamond Universal Adhesive Ring Stand Mini Kickstand Accessory for BLU Life One X2 Mini. Gold Row Diamond Universal Adhesive Ring Stand Mini Kickstand Accessory for BLU Life One X2 Mini. Hot Pink Flower Diamond Adhesive Ring Kick Stand Mini Cute Accessory for BLU Life One X2 Mini. White Flower Diamond Adhesive Ring Kick Stand Mini Cute Accessory for BLU Life One X2 Mini. Black 2-Pack Universal Adhesive Ring Stand Mini Kickstand Accessory for BLU Life One X2 Mini. Gold 2-Pack Universal Adhesive Ring Stand Mini Kickstand Accessory for BLU Life One X2 Mini. Rose Gold 2-Pack Universal Adhesive Ring Stand Mini Kickstand Accessory for BLU Life One X2 Mini. Silver 2-Pack Universal Adhesive Ring Stand Mini Kickstand Accessory for BLU Life One X2 Mini. Cellet Car CD Slot Phone Holder Mount Black for BLU Life One X2 Mini. Cellet Extra Strength Magnetic Quick-Snap CD Slot Phone Holder for BLU Life One X2 Mini. Cellet Ring Stand Mini Phone Tablet Attachment Holder Grip - Black for BLU Life One X2 Mini. Cellet Ring Stand Mini Phone Tablet Attachment Holder Grip - Gold for BLU Life One X2 Mini. Cellet Ring Stand Mini Phone Tablet Attachment Holder Grip - Silver for BLU Life One X2 Mini. Cellet Ring Stand Mini Phone Tablet Attachment Holder Grip - White for BLU Life One X2 Mini. Cellet 2-Port 4000mAh Portable Charger Power Bank With Suction Cup - White for BLU Life One X2 Mini. Cellet EZStick ID Credit Card Holder Attachment - Black for BLU Life One X2 Mini. Cellet EZStick ID Credit Card Holder Attachment - White for BLU Life One X2 Mini. CyonGear Car Windshield & Dashboard Cell Phone Holder Mount - Black for BLU Life One X2 Mini. CyonGear Car Windshield & Dashboard Cell Phone Holder Mount - Green for BLU Life One X2 Mini. CyonGear Car Windshield & Dashboard Cell Phone Holder Mount - Pink for BLU Life One X2 Mini. CyonGear Car Windshield & Dashboard Cell Phone Holder Mount - White for BLU Life One X2 Mini. Black Genuine Leather Universal Credit Card ID Pocket Slots Pouch Wallet Storage Holder for BLU Life One X2 Mini. Black Universal Credit Card ID Pocket Slots Pouch Wallet Storage Holder for BLU Life One X2 Mini. Pink Universal Credit Card ID Pocket Slots Pouch Wallet Storage Holder for BLU Life One X2 Mini. White Universal Credit Card ID Pocket Slots Pouch Wallet Storage Holder for BLU Life One X2 Mini. Black Mini 360 Universal Magnetic Car Mount Desktop Dash Cell Phone Holder for BLU Life One X2 Mini. Rose Gold Mini 360 Universal Magnetic Car Mount Desktop Dash Cell Phone Holder for BLU Life One X2 Mini. Cellet White Stylus Pen with Laser, LED Light & Ballpoint Pen 4 in 1 for BLU Life One X2 Mini. 360 Degree Rotating Car Vent Mount Holder for BLU Life One X2 Mini. 360 Degree Rotating Windshield Car Mount Holder for BLU Life One X2 Mini. Black Car Vent Mount Holder for BLU Life One X2 Mini. Black Sticky Pad Dashboard Car Phone Holder for BLU Life One X2 Mini. Black Universal Dashboard Stand Sticky Pad Phone Holder for BLU Life One X2 Mini. Windshield Desktop Car Mount Clamp Phone Holder for BLU Life One X2 Mini. Bluetooth Headset Wireless Stereo Headphones Earphones Sport Neckband Handsfree - Black / Blue for BLU Life One X2 Mini. Bluetooth Headset Wireless Stereo Headphones Earphones Sport Neckband Handsfree - Black / Gold for BLU Life One X2 Mini. Bluetooth Headset Wireless Stereo Headphones Earphones Sport Neckband Handsfree - Black / Green for BLU Life One X2 Mini. Bluetooth Headset Wireless Stereo Headphones Earphones Sport Neckband Handsfree - Black / Purple for BLU Life One X2 Mini. Bluetooth Headset Wireless Stereo Headphones Earphones Sport Neckband Handsfree - Black / Red for BLU Life One X2 Mini. Bluetooth Headset Wireless Stereo Headphones Earphones Sport Neckband Handsfree - Black / Silver for BLU Life One X2 Mini. Bluetooth Headset Wireless Stereo Headphones Earphones Sport Neckband Handsfree - Black / Yellow for BLU Life One X2 Mini. Bluetooth Headset Wireless Stereo Headphones Earphones Sport Neckband Handsfree - White / Blue for BLU Life One X2 Mini. Bluetooth Headset Wireless Stereo Headphones Earphones Sport Neckband Handsfree - White / Green for BLU Life One X2 Mini. Bluetooth Headset Wireless Stereo Headphones Earphones Sport Neckband Handsfree - White / Purple for BLU Life One X2 Mini. Bluetooth Headset Wireless Stereo Headphones Earphones Sport Neckband Handsfree - White / Yellow for BLU Life One X2 Mini. Black Dual 2 USB Travel Wall Home Charger Adapter 2.1A Fast Charging for BLU Life One X2 Mini. White Dual 2 USB Travel Wall Home Charger Adapter 2.1A Fast Charging for BLU Life One X2 Mini. Apple Green Transparent Clear Waterproof Underwater Phone Pouch Bag with Lanyard for BLU Life One X2 Mini. Blue Transparent Clear Waterproof Underwater Phone Pouch Bag with Lanyard for BLU Life One X2 Mini. Hot Pink Transparent Clear Waterproof Underwater Phone Pouch Bag with Lanyard for BLU Life One X2 Mini. Transparent Clear Waterproof Underwater Phone Pouch Bag with Lanyard for BLU Life One X2 Mini. Mini Portable Wireless Bluetooth Speaker Stereo - Black for BLU Life One X2 Mini. Mini Portable Wireless Bluetooth Speaker Stereo - Black for BLU Life One X2 Mini. Black Bicycle Bike Mount Holder Universal Handle Bar Clip GPS Phone for BLU Life One X2 Mini. Red Black Car Air Vent Holder Mount Cradle Stand Universal for BLU Life One X2 Mini. Black Universal One Touch U Stand Kickstand Accessory Add-On Sticky for BLU Life One X2 Mini. White Universal One Touch U Stand Kickstand Accessory Add-On Sticky for BLU Life One X2 Mini. Black Silicone Dash Car Mount Cell Phone Holder Stand Grip Sticky Pad for BLU Life One X2 Mini. Clear Crystal Hard Phone Transparent Stand Desktop Smartphone Holder for BLU Life One X2 Mini. 1 - 2 - 3 - 4. CellPhoneCases.com 20555 Devonshire St Unit 233 Chatsworth, CA 91311. 
Menu Login Sign Up. Find the Best Cell Phone and Plan for You. Wirefly helps you save on cell phones and plans by offering innovative comparison tools so consumers can make educated choices. Compare Phones and Plans Compare Cell Phones. How Much Data Do I Need. Wirefly helps you save on Internet service by offering innovative comparison tools to compare Internet providers in your area.. Compare Internet by ZIP Code Compare Internet & TV Bundles Compare Business Internet. Test your current internet connection with our speed test and see what services your provider can handle. Find out your download speed, upload speed, latency, and more.. Test Your Internet Speed Internet Speed Test. Compare Cell Phone Plans > T-Mobile. This plan may support more phones, click "Purchase this Plan" to view all options. T-Mobile ONE Plus Plan with BLU Life One X2 Mini. Get information about the T-Mobile ONE Plus plan with the BLU Life One X2 Mini. The BLU Life One X2 Mini is compatible with the T-Mobile ONE Plus Plan on the T-Mobile network. Check out pricing options and plan details for the BLU Life One X2 Mini on the T-Mobile ONE Plus plan including upgrade information, financing options, plan details, phone pricing, contract length, and more at Wirefly.. Total Monthly Price: (for 1 lines). Unlimited (may be slowed after 50GB of usage per month). T-Mobile ONE plans include all taxes and fees. So the price you see is the price you pay.. About this plan Cost breakdown Phones Available Data Messages Rates Deals. About this Cell Phone Plan Unlimited calls to and from the United States, Canada, and Mexico Unlimited data and texting both in the United States and internationally in over 140 countries worldwide Unlimited data in the United States and internationally (at 3G speeds) in over 140 countries worldwide (4G LTE data available in the United States, Mexico, and Canada) Unlimited HD Video streaming Unlimited Gogo domestic in-flight smartphone Wi-Fi Name ID Voicemail to text Free Netflix subscription if your account has 2 or more lines. Unlimited Mobile Hotspot All Taxes and. Included KickBack™ T-Mobile ONE Plus for Family Line 1: $75 per month with AutoPay Line 2: $55 per month with AutoPay Line 3 to 8: $25 per month with AutoPay. Phone Options Bring Your Own Phone (BYOP). Customers can bring their own T-Mobile/GSM compatible phone, as long as it is unlocked. Customers can buy a new or used phone from T-Mobile with one upfront payment. Customers can pay off their phone over 24 months with an equipment installment plan (credit check required, only available to well-qualified buyers). In some cases, a down payment may be required. If the customer cancels wireless service, then the remaining balance on the phone becomes due. for well-qualified buyers, credit check required. T-Mobile JUMP! T-Mobile JUMP! On Demand T-Mobile SCORE! Advantages Unlimited Calling and International Text Messaging Data, Texting, and Calling Coverage Around the World Unlimited Video Streaming Free In-flight Wi-Fi Satisfaction Guarantee WiFi Calling and Texting Smartphone Equality Stateside International Talk Unlimited calling to landlines in 70+ countries and to mobile numbers in 30+ countries Unlimited texting to virtually anywhere* at no extra charge Discounted calling rates to all numbers in 200+ countries. Additional Extras Wi-Fi Calling Call forwarding Visual voice mail Caller ID Call waiting Conference calling. Can check the status of wireless bill directly from the phone. Calls to other phones from the same carrier are free. No roaming charges in the United States. The T-Mobile ONE Plus Plan is cell phone plan meant for individuals or families and offered by T-Mobile. unlimited talk, unlimited text, and unlimited 4G LTE data. Data may be slowed after 50GB of usage per month. The T-Mobile ONE Plus Plan is a no contract plan.. The T-Mobile ONE Plus Plan includes:. This plan includes 10GB of 4G LTE mobile hotspot per month, and. unlimited mobile hotspot/tethering at 3G speeds after that.. The plan price you see includes taxes and fees. The price you see on this site is the price you pay.. Get a bill credit every month for each T-Mobile ONE line that uses less than 2GB of data.. This plan is great for an individual, but it's also great for families. Each line on the account gets unlimited talk, text, and data.. Add $5 per month per line if AutoPay is not turned on.. There are several options for customers to bring their own phone or purchase a phone from T-Mobile for this plan:. called JUMP! that allows customers to upgrade to a new smartphone whenever they want with no limits on upgrades and no waiting periods. JUMP! is optional and costs either $9 or $12 per month based on the "Tier" of the customer's phone. Customers can upgrade at anytime after they are enrolled by paying 50% of their device cost to become eligible for upgrades and trade in, and then purchasing a new device with monthly installments at the same pricing as a new customer would. JUMP! also includes Premium Handset Protection and Mobile Security.. T-Mobile also offers an optional leasing program. called JUMP! On Demand that offers customers the ability to upgrade to a new smartphone every 30 days. Customers can upgrade for $0 upfront and pay no sales tax if they have qualifying credit, and then pay for the device over monthly payments after that. To upgrade, customers just need to bring in their current device, demonstrate that it still works well, and then get their new device. If the customer cancels their plan, the remaining balance becomes due and the working device must be returned.. T-Mobile SCORE! is an optional early upgrade program offered by T-Mobile that allows customers to get a free or less expensive smartphone after 6 or 12 months. The customer just purchases a new phone from T-Mobile (or brings their own device), subscribes to SCORE! for $5 per month, then gets a new inexpensive smartphone at no cost after 6 months, or a new flagship smartphone for cheaper than normal after 12 months.. This plan offers unlimited calling to and from the United States, Canada, and Mexico, and unlimited texting from the United States and internationally to over 140 countries.. This plan offers unlimited data and texting at 3G speeds in over 140 countries around the world at no additional charge. This plan offers unlimited HD video streaming at no additional charge. That means customers can stream unlimited HD video from YouTube, Netflix, and any other video site they want at no additional charge.. customers get unlimited in-flight Wi-Fi through Gogo Air.. T-Mobile JUMP! On Demand customers who are unhappy for any reason can trade in their device and T-Mobile will give them a refund in the first month, or unlock their device at no cost, in addition to refunding a full month of service.. T-Mobile offers the ability to make calls or send text messages over WiFi anywhere in the world.. When customers pay on-time for 12 consecutive months, they can get a new device for $0 down, without a credit check.. With the Stateside International Talk Add-on, customers get all these features when they call or text from the U.S., Mexico, and Canada:. This plan also includes the following features:. Cost Breakdown in Detail Monthly Base Plan $ 80.00 Messages Cost $0.00 Data Cost $0.00 Grand Total $80. *Other fees based on usage may apply, including early termination fees and a one time activation fee of $0.00.. Samsung Galaxy Note 5 + Add this phone to your plan. Apple iPhone 6s + Add this phone to your plan. Apple iPhone 6s Plus + Add this phone to your plan. Samsung Galaxy S7 + Add this phone to your plan. Samsung Galaxy S7 edge + Add this phone to your plan. Apple iPhone SE + Add this phone to your plan. Samsung Galaxy On5 + Add this phone to your plan. Apple iPhone 7 Plus + Add this phone to your plan. Apple iPhone 7 + Add this phone to your plan. LG V20 + Add this phone to your plan. Kyocera DuraForce Pro + Add this phone to your plan. ZTE ZMax Pro + Add this phone to your plan. LG Aristo + Add this phone to your plan. ZTE Cymbal Z-320 + Add this phone to your plan. LG G6 + Add this phone to your plan. Alcatel GO FLIP + Add this phone to your plan. BLU Life One X2 + Add this phone to your plan. Click "Purchase this Plan" to view price. BLU Life One X2 Mini + Add this phone to your plan. Click "Purchase this Plan" to view price. LG K20 plus + Add this phone to your plan. Samsung Galaxy S8 + Add this phone to your plan. Samsung Galaxy S8+ + Add this phone to your plan. Samsung Galaxy S8 Active + Add this phone to your plan. Coolpad Defiant + Add this phone to your plan. Samsung J3 Prime + Add this phone to your plan. Samsung Galaxy J7 Prime + Add this phone to your plan. LG Stylo 3 PLUS + Add this phone to your plan. Moto Z2 Force Edition + Add this phone to your plan. Samsung Galaxy Note 8 + Add this phone to your plan. T-Mobile REVVL + Add this phone to your plan. LG V30 + Add this phone to your plan. Apple iPhone X + Add this phone to your plan. Apple iPhone 8 + Add this phone to your plan. Apple iPhone 8 Plus + Add this phone to your plan. Google Pixel 2 + Add this phone to your plan. Click "Purchase this Plan" to view price. Google Pixel 2 XL + Add this phone to your plan. Click "Purchase this Plan" to view price. LG V30+ + Add this phone to your plan. BLU Vivo 8L + Add this phone to your plan. Click "Purchase this Plan" to view price. HTC U11 Life + Add this phone to your plan. T-Mobile REVVL Plus + Add this phone to your plan. Description Cost Data Excess Unlimited (may be slowed after 50GB of usage per month) $0.00/mo Unlimited $0.00. Description Cost Included Unlimited $0.00 /month Unlimited. US Rates Cost Domestic Long Distance Rate $0.00 Roaming charges $0.00 Text messages (pay per use) $0.00 Picture/video messages (pay per use) $0.00. About BLU Life One X2 Mini. The BLU Life One X2 Mini. Android 6.0 Marshmallow out of its box. It comes with a 5-inch IPS curved display, 1080x1920 resolution, and 440ppi index. It is equipped with a 1.4 GHz Octa-Core Qualcomm Snapdragon 430 processor, 4GB of RAM, and the Adreno 505 GPU. There is an onboard storage of 64GB plus a microSD card slot for up to 64GB memory expansion. For photos, the device has a 13MP rear-facing camera with 1080p HD video recording and an 8MP camera in front. mAh battery, fingerprint scanner, and a dual SIM card tray. Color options are Gray, Gold, and Rose Gold.. Compare Other Carrier Plans offering BLU Life One X2 Mini. T-Mobile Unlimited Business Plan with BLU Life One X2 Mini. AT&T PREPAID $30 Monthly Plan with BLU Life One X2 Mini. AT&T Mobile Share Advantage 3GB Plan with BLU Life One X2 Mini. AT&T Unlimited Plan with BLU Life One X2 Mini. AT&T GoPhone $30 Monthly Plan for Smartphones Plan with BLU Life One X2 Mini. AT&T Mobile Share Value 15GB Plan with BLU Life One X2 Mini. T-Mobile Simple Choice Plan with BLU Life One X2 Mini. AT&T Mobile Share Advantage 6GB Plan with BLU Life One X2 Mini. AT&T GoPhone $40 Monthly Plan for Smartphones Plan with BLU Life One X2 Mini. AT&T Mobile Share Value 1GB Plan with BLU Life One X2 Mini. T-Mobile Simple Choice Family (Includes 2+ Lines) Plan with BLU Life One X2 Mini. AT&T Mobile Share Advantage 10GB Plan with BLU Life One X2 Mini. AT&T GoPhone $45 Smartphone Monthly Plan with Data Plan with BLU Life One X2 Mini. AT&T Mobile Share Value 20GB Plan with BLU Life One X2 Mini. T-Mobile Simple Starter Plan with BLU Life One X2 Mini. AT&T Mobile Share Advantage 16GB Plan with BLU Life One X2 Mini. AT&T GoPhone $60 Smartphone Monthly Plan with Data Plan with BLU Life One X2 Mini. AT&T Mobile Share Value 2GB Plan with BLU Life One X2 Mini. T-Mobile Simply Prepaid Plan with BLU Life One X2 Mini. AT&T Mobile Share Advantage 25GB Plan with BLU Life One X2 Mini. AT&T Mobile Share 10GB Plan with BLU Life One X2 Mini. AT&T Mobile Share Value 300MB Plan with BLU Life One X2 Mini. AT&T Mobile Share Value 7GB Plan with BLU Life One X2 Mini. AT&T Mobile Share Advantage 30GB Plan with BLU Life One X2 Mini. AT&T Mobile Share 15GB Plan with BLU Life One X2 Mini. AT&T Mobile Share Value 30GB Plan with BLU Life One X2 Mini. AT&T Mobile Share Value 5GB Plan with BLU Life One X2 Mini. AT&T Mobile Share Advantage 40GB Plan with BLU Life One X2 Mini. AT&T Mobile Share 1GB Plan with BLU Life One X2 Mini. AT&T Mobile Share Value 40GB Plan with BLU Life One X2 Mini. AT&T Mobile Share Value 25GB Plan with BLU Life One X2 Mini. AT&T Mobile Share Advantage 50GB Plan with BLU Life One X2 Mini. AT&T Mobile Share 20GB Plan with BLU Life One X2 Mini. AT&T Mobile Share Value 3GB Plan with BLU Life One X2 Mini. T-Mobile Unlimited Web and Text Plan with BLU Life One X2 Mini. AT&T Mobile Share Advantage 60GB Plan with BLU Life One X2 Mini. AT&T Mobile Share 2GB Plan with BLU Life One X2 Mini. AT&T Mobile Share Value 50GB Plan with BLU Life One X2 Mini. T-Mobile Unlimited Talk and Text Plan with BLU Life One X2 Mini. AT&T Mobile Share Advantage 80GB Plan with BLU Life One X2 Mini. AT&T Mobile Share 300MB Plan with BLU Life One X2 Mini. AT&T Mobile Share Value 6GB Plan with BLU Life One X2 Mini. T-Mobile Simple Choice No Credit Check Plan with BLU Life One X2 Mini. AT&T Unlimited Data with DIRECTV Plan with BLU Life One X2 Mini. AT&T Mobile Share Advantage 100GB Plan with BLU Life One X2 Mini. AT&T Mobile Share Value 60GB Plan with BLU Life One X2 Mini. AT&T Mobile Share Value 8GB Plan with BLU Life One X2 Mini. T-Mobile Unlimited Family Plan with BLU Life One X2 Mini. T-Mobile Simple Choice Prepaid Plan with BLU Life One X2 Mini. AT&T Mobile Share 40GB Plan with BLU Life One X2 Mini. MetroPCS $40 Unlimited Talk, Text and Data Plan with BLU Life One X2 Mini. T-Mobile Unlimited Family Plan with BLU Life One X2 Mini. T-Mobile ONE Plus International Plan with BLU Life One X2 Mini. AT&T Mobile Share 4GB Plan with BLU Life One X2 Mini. MetroPCS $50 Unlimited Talk, Text and Data Plan with BLU Life One X2 Mini. Straight Talk Unlimited Plus International Plan with BLU Life One X2 Mini. T-Mobile ONE No Credit Check Plan with BLU Life One X2 Mini. AT&T Mobile Share 50GB Plan with BLU Life One X2 Mini. MetroPCS $60 Unlimited Talk, Text and Data Plan with BLU Life One X2 Mini. T-Mobile Pay As You Go Plan with BLU Life One X2 Mini. T-Mobile ONE Plus No Credit Check Plan with BLU Life One X2 Mini. AT&T Mobile Share 6GB Plan with BLU Life One X2 Mini. Straight Talk All You Need Plan with BLU Life One X2 Mini. AT&T Mobile Share Advantage 1GB Plan with BLU Life One X2 Mini. T-Mobile ONE Plus International No Credit Check Plan with BLU Life One X2 Mini. AT&T Mobile Share Value 10GB Plan with BLU Life One X2 Mini. Straight Talk Unlimited Plan with BLU Life One X2 Mini. Find the Best Cell Phone and Plan for You. Wirefly helps you save on cell phones and plans by offering innovative comparison tools so consumers can make educated choices. Find The Best TV and Internet Providers For You. Paying too much for Internet or TV service? Use our tool to compare Internet providers, TV providers, and bundled services.. Wirefly Is America's Most Trusted Source For All Cell Phones, Plans, TV, and Internet Deals. Wirefly offers great deals on a large selection of smartphones, cell phones, tablets, mobile hotspots, and other wireless devices for the nation's most popular carriers. Use Wirefly’s innovative cell phone and plan comparison tools to ensure you are getting the best deal on the market. Shop with confidence knowing that Wirefly wants to help you find the best prices on cell phones, cell phone plans, TV, and Internet service.. Privacy Policy | Term of Use | Contact | About Us. WireFly.com © 2018 All Rights Reserved. 
Find the Best Cell Phone and Plan for You. PhoneDog's innovative comparison tool can help you save on cell phones and plans. Find the best phone and plan for you today with PhoneDog!. Compare Phones and Plans Compare Cell Phones. Trending: iPhone 8. f g+ t yt. BLU Life One X2 Mini Review. BLU is back with another smartphone to tempt you with. The Life One X2 Mini is a more powerful variant of the Life One X2. It features a 5.0-inch 1920x1080 display with Corning Gorilla Glass 3, 64GB internal memory, Snapdragon 430 octa-core processor with 4GB RAM, 13MP main camera, 8MP front camera, 4G LTE and Android 6.0 Marshmallow.. For $179, do you think the Life One X2 Mini is worth it?. BLU Life One X2 Mini on Amazon:. Videos Review Unboxing Life One X2 Mini Android BLU. Next Article How To Upgrade RAM On Dell XPS 15 9560. Don't forget to VOTE! Each week, PhoneDog Fans vote for their #1 smartphone in the Official Smartphone Rankings. Vote now and contribute to the industry's most relevant weekly ranking charts.. Apple AirPods Revisited Motorola Moto Z Revisited: What Went Wrong? LG G6 Unboxing! (RED) iPhone: Should you buy or donate?. Select the amount of total data you need for the entire plan.. For example, if you need 2 lines with 1 GB of data each, you would select 2 GB of data with the data slider below.. - Any - 0 5KB 50MB 30MB 100MB 125MB 150MB 200MB 250MB 300MB 334MB 350MB 375MB 400MB 500MB 600MB 625MB 700MB 800MB 834MB 900MB 938MB 1GB 1.2GB 1.5GB 1.6GB 2GB 2.03GB 2.5GB 3GB 3.7GB 4GB 5GB 6GB 6.1GB 7GB 7.3GB 8GB 8.5GB 9GB 10GB 11GB 12GB 13GB 14GB 15GB 16GB 18GB 20GB 22GB 23GB 24GB 25GB 30GB 32GB 35GB 40GB 50GB 60GB 80GB 85GB 100GB 120GB 150GB 200GB Unlimited. BLU Vivo X Review: BLU's Most Appealing Smartphone Yet!. 4 days 16 hours ago. Android 8.0 Oreo on the OnePlus 5T. 5 days 14 hours ago. 1 week 13 hours ago. The OnePlus 5T Competitor You Haven't Heard About. 1 week 3 days ago. People's Choice Expert's Choice. OFFICIAL SMARTPHONE RANKINGS Please Login/Register to Vote. OFFICIAL SMARTPHONE RANKINGS Please Login/Register to Vote. OFFICIAL SMARTPHONE RANKINGS Please Login/Register to Vote. OFFICIAL SMARTPHONE RANKINGS Please Login/Register to Vote. OFFICIAL SMARTPHONE RANKINGS Please Login/Register to Vote. BLU S1 Review: BLU's First CDMA Smartphone!. This Week's "People's Choice Rankings" Best Smartphone. OFFICIAL SMARTPHONE RANKINGS Please Login/Register to Vote. OFFICIAL SMARTPHONE RANKINGS Please Login/Register to Vote. OFFICIAL SMARTPHONE RANKINGS Please Login/Register to Vote. OFFICIAL SMARTPHONE RANKINGS Please Login/Register to Vote. OFFICIAL SMARTPHONE RANKINGS Please Login/Register to Vote. Recent news from our top carriers:. Samsung Galaxy S9 and S9+ pricing. T-Mobile wins awards for 4G LTE. Samsung Galaxy S9 and S9+ pricing. Sprint says its 5G network will. T-Mobile wins awards for 4G LTE. Samsung Galaxy S9 and S9+ pricing. T-Mobile wins awards for 4G LTE. Samsung Galaxy S9 and S9+ pricing. Google Pixel 2 XL gets $400. Verizon Galaxy Note 8 gets $200. PHONEDOG PHONEDOG MEDIA FAMILY Phonedog - Cell Phone News TmoNews - The Unofficial T-Mobile Blog AndroidAndMe - Everything Android. PhoneDog Media is home to PhoneDog, Android & Me, TmoNews, and TodaysiPhone. The network receives 2.5 million unique visitors and 10 million pageviews each month, along with a combined three million video views on YouTube.. While the name is jovial, the PhoneDog Media network offers up a wealth of written and video content to help readers make important decisions about mobile technology.. Established in 2001, PhoneDog Media is a privately owned and operated company.. Company Home Privacy Policy Term of Use Contact About Us Sitemap In-Depth Reviews. Reproduction without explicit permission is prohibited. 
FREE SHIPPING TO THE UNITED STATES. Skinomi TechSkin™ for BLU Life One X2 Mini. Home // Shop By Category // Cell Phones // BLU // BLU Life One X2 Mini. Skinomi.com provides BLU Life One X2 Mini accessories and protective solutions. Our arsenal of protective films offer a durable alternative to bulky BLU Life One X2 Mini hard cases. These films include BLU Life One X2 Mini Screen Protectors and BLU Life One X2 Mini Skin Protectors. TechSkin is the best solution for maximum scratch protection for your device. It is the toughest scratch protection film in the world made of the same material used to protect luxury cars, military aircrafts and NASA space shuttles. TechSkin has the ability to resist some of the highest level of abrasion combined with "self healing" capabilities. This advancement in protection technology will keep your BLU Life One X2 Mini looking new and stunning. Skinomi prides itself as a provider of top quality products that entail impeccable customer service. We are committed to exceed our customers' expectations with our product innovation, fast order processing, and unrivaled support. Through constant research and development, our team is dedicated in bringing you the best BLU Life One X2 Mini Screen Protector and BLU Life One X2 Mini Skin Protector in the market.. itemId=sk29648-life-one-x2-mini-phone-screen-protector|~|priceRange=1|~|color=|~|size=|~|orderable=T|~|call-to-order=|~|call-for-price=|~|hasOptions=F|~|isOrganic=F|~|isNew=F|~|bestseller=|~|name=BLU Life One X2 Mini TechSkin Screen Protector|~|brand=|~|rating=0|~|ratingCount=0|~|price=9.95|~|priceReg=9.95|~|priceSale=|~|image=https://sep.yimg.com/ay/yhst-38148694942392/blu-life-one-x2-mini-techskin-screen-protector-20.gif BLU Life One X2 Mini TechSkin Screen Protector. itemId=sk29649-life-one-x2-mini-phone-skin-protector|~|priceRange=1|~|color=|~|size=|~|orderable=T|~|call-to-order=|~|call-for-price=|~|hasOptions=F|~|isOrganic=F|~|isNew=F|~|bestseller=|~|name=BLU Life One X2 Mini TechSkin Full Body Skin Protector|~|brand=|~|rating=0|~|ratingCount=0|~|price=15.95|~|priceReg=15.95|~|priceSale=|~|image=https://sep.yimg.com/ay/yhst-38148694942392/blu-life-one-x2-mini-techskin-full-body-skin-protector-20.gif BLU Life One X2 Mini TechSkin Full Body Skin Protector. itemId=sk29650-life-one-x2-mini-phone-black-carbon-protector|~|priceRange=1|~|color=|~|size=|~|orderable=T|~|call-to-order=|~|call-for-price=|~|hasOptions=F|~|isOrganic=F|~|isNew=F|~|bestseller=|~|name=BLU Life One X2 Mini TechSkin Black Carbon Fiber Skin|~|brand=|~|rating=0|~|ratingCount=0|~|price=15.95|~|priceReg=15.95|~|priceSale=|~|image=https://sep.yimg.com/ay/yhst-38148694942392/blu-life-one-x2-mini-techskin-black-carbon-fiber-skin-20.gif BLU Life One X2 Mini TechSkin Black Carbon Fiber Skin. itemId=sk29651-life-one-x2-mini-phone-silver-carbon-protector|~|priceRange=1|~|color=|~|size=|~|orderable=T|~|call-to-order=|~|call-for-price=|~|hasOptions=F|~|isOrganic=F|~|isNew=F|~|bestseller=|~|name=BLU Life One X2 Mini TechSkin Silver Carbon Fiber Skin|~|brand=|~|rating=0|~|ratingCount=0|~|price=15.95|~|priceReg=15.95|~|priceSale=|~|image=https://sep.yimg.com/ay/yhst-38148694942392/blu-life-one-x2-mini-techskin-silver-carbon-fiber-skin-20.gif BLU Life One X2 Mini TechSkin Silver Carbon Fiber Skin. itemId=sk29652-life-one-x2-mini-phone-gold-carbon-protector|~|priceRange=1|~|color=|~|size=|~|orderable=T|~|call-to-order=|~|call-for-price=|~|hasOptions=F|~|isOrganic=F|~|isNew=F|~|bestseller=|~|name=BLU Life One X2 Mini TechSkin Gold Carbon Fiber Skin|~|brand=|~|rating=0|~|ratingCount=0|~|price=15.95|~|priceReg=15.95|~|priceSale=|~|image=https://sep.yimg.com/ay/yhst-38148694942392/blu-life-one-x2-mini-techskin-gold-carbon-fiber-skin-20.gif BLU Life One X2 Mini TechSkin Gold Carbon Fiber Skin. itemId=sk29653-life-one-x2-mini-phone-pink-carbon-protector|~|priceRange=1|~|color=|~|size=|~|orderable=T|~|call-to-order=|~|call-for-price=|~|hasOptions=F|~|isOrganic=F|~|isNew=F|~|bestseller=|~|name=BLU Life One X2 Mini TechSkin Pink Carbon Fiber Skin|~|brand=|~|rating=0|~|ratingCount=0|~|price=15.95|~|priceReg=15.95|~|priceSale=|~|image=https://sep.yimg.com/ay/yhst-38148694942392/blu-life-one-x2-mini-techskin-pink-carbon-fiber-skin-20.gif BLU Life One X2 Mini TechSkin Pink Carbon Fiber Skin. itemId=sk29654-life-one-x2-mini-phone-dark-wood-protector|~|priceRange=1|~|color=|~|size=|~|orderable=T|~|call-to-order=|~|call-for-price=|~|hasOptions=F|~|isOrganic=F|~|isNew=F|~|bestseller=|~|name=BLU Life One X2 Mini TechSkin Dark Wood Skin|~|brand=|~|rating=0|~|ratingCount=0|~|price=15.95|~|priceReg=15.95|~|priceSale=|~|image=https://sep.yimg.com/ay/yhst-38148694942392/blu-life-one-x2-mini-techskin-dark-wood-skin-20.gif BLU Life One X2 Mini TechSkin Dark Wood Skin. itemId=sk29655-life-one-x2-mini-phone-light-wood-protector|~|priceRange=1|~|color=|~|size=|~|orderable=T|~|call-to-order=|~|call-for-price=|~|hasOptions=F|~|isOrganic=F|~|isNew=F|~|bestseller=|~|name=BLU Life One X2 Mini TechSkin Light Wood Skin|~|brand=|~|rating=0|~|ratingCount=0|~|price=15.95|~|priceReg=15.95|~|priceSale=|~|image=https://sep.yimg.com/ay/yhst-38148694942392/blu-life-one-x2-mini-techskin-light-wood-skin-20.gif BLU Life One X2 Mini TechSkin Light Wood Skin. itemId=sk29656-life-one-x2-mini-phone-brushed-steel-protector|~|priceRange=1|~|color=|~|size=|~|orderable=T|~|call-to-order=|~|call-for-price=|~|hasOptions=F|~|isOrganic=F|~|isNew=F|~|bestseller=|~|name=BLU Life One X2 Mini TechSkin Brushed Steel Skin|~|brand=|~|rating=0|~|ratingCount=0|~|price=15.95|~|priceReg=15.95|~|priceSale=|~|image=https://sep.yimg.com/ay/yhst-38148694942392/blu-life-one-x2-mini-techskin-brushed-steel-skin-20.gif BLU Life One X2 Mini TechSkin Brushed Steel Skin. itemId=sk29657-life-one-x2-mini-phone-brushed-aluminum-protector|~|priceRange=1|~|color=|~|size=|~|orderable=T|~|call-to-order=|~|call-for-price=|~|hasOptions=F|~|isOrganic=F|~|isNew=F|~|bestseller=|~|name=BLU Life One X2 Mini TechSkin Brushed Aluminum Skin|~|brand=|~|rating=0|~|ratingCount=0|~|price=15.95|~|priceReg=15.95|~|priceSale=|~|image=https://sep.yimg.com/ay/yhst-38148694942392/blu-life-one-x2-mini-techskin-brushed-aluminum-skin-20.gif BLU Life One X2 Mini TechSkin Brushed Aluminum Skin. itemId=sk29648-matte-life-one-x2-mini-phone-screen-protector|~|priceRange=1|~|color=|~|size=|~|orderable=T|~|call-to-order=|~|call-for-price=|~|hasOptions=F|~|isOrganic=F|~|isNew=F|~|bestseller=|~|name=BLU Life One X2 Mini MatteSkin Screen Protector|~|brand=|~|rating=0|~|ratingCount=0|~|price=9.95|~|priceReg=9.95|~|priceSale=|~|image=https://sep.yimg.com/ay/yhst-38148694942392/blu-life-one-x2-mini-matteskin-screen-protector-20.gif BLU Life One X2 Mini MatteSkin Screen Protector. itemId=sk29649-matte-life-one-x2-mini-phone-skin-protector|~|priceRange=1|~|color=|~|size=|~|orderable=T|~|call-to-order=|~|call-for-price=|~|hasOptions=F|~|isOrganic=F|~|isNew=F|~|bestseller=|~|name=BLU Life One X2 Mini MatteSkin Full Body Skin Protector|~|brand=|~|rating=0|~|ratingCount=0|~|price=15.95|~|priceReg=15.95|~|priceSale=|~|image=https://sep.yimg.com/ay/yhst-38148694942392/blu-life-one-x2-mini-matteskin-full-body-skin-protector-20.gif BLU Life One X2 Mini MatteSkin Full Body Skin Protector. Our Latest Designs: Nokia Lumia 635/630 , LG G2 Mini , Samsung Gear Live , LG G Watch , Pantech Vybe , Alacatel OneTouch POP 7 , Samsung Galaxy Tab S 10.5 , Samsung Galaxy Tab S 8.4 , OnePlus One , Microsoft Surface Pro 3 , Kyocera Hydro Icon. Cell Phones Tablets & E-Readers MP3 Players Gaming Devices Wrist Watches Digital Cameras GPS Laptops Mice & Keyboards Miscellaneous Devices Carbon Fiber Skins Natural Wood Skins Brushed Metal Skins TECH GLASS iPhone X Google Pixel 2 Google Pixel 2 XL Galaxy S8 Plus (S8+) Galaxy S8 Fire 7 (2017, Kids Edition Compatible) Nintendo Switch ZTE Quartz (SmartWatch) HTC U11 Fitbit Blaze LG G6 Apple iPhone 7 Plus Fitbit Charge 2 Garmin Vivoactive HR iPad Pro 12.9 (2017) Fitbit Alta HR Apple iPad (9.7",2017) Samsung Gear S3 Frontier (SM-R760,46mm) LG V20 Samsung Galaxy S7 Blackberry KEYone BlackBerry DTEK50 Apple Watch 42mm Series 2 Apple Watch Series 2 38mm OnePlus 5 Galaxy J7 (2017, US Version) Moto Z2 Play Samsung Galaxy J5 (2017) Huawei Watch 2 Sport Garmin Fenix 5x. Please Select Acer Aiptek Airo Wireless Altek Amazon Alcatel Apple Archos Arnova Asus Audiovox Barnes And Noble BenQ Siemens BlackBerry Canon Casio Cisco Creative Cricket Danger Hiptop Dell DigiLife D-Link DoCoMo Epson Eten Flip Fujifilm Garmin GE General Mobile Gigabyte Gigaware Glofiish Handspring Hasselblad Helio HP HTC Huawei iFOE i-Mate INQ JVC Kobo Kodak Konica Kyocera Latte Leica Lenovo LG Magellan Microsoft Mio Motorola MSI Nikon Nintendo Nokia O2 Olympus Openmoko Orange Palm Panasonic PanDigital Pantech Pentax Pocket PC Polaroid Qwest Ricoh Samsung Sanyo Saygus Sealife Sharp Siemens SK Telesys Sky Slacker Sony Sony Ericsson Terrestar Toshiba UTStarcom Velocity Micro Vertu Verzo ViewBook ViewSonic Vizio Uncategorized ZTE. Join Our Mailing List & Stay Up-to-Date. Get Exclusive Offers & New Product Updates.. Website design by Solid Cactus. 
BLU Life One X2 Mini (2017) review. BLU Life One X2 Mini specifications. BLU Life One X2 Mini pictures. BLU Life One X2 Mini's comparisons. BLU Life One X2 Mini (T470L) specifications. 142 x 69.6 x 8.7 mm. Android OS v6.0 ( Marshmallow ). Qualcomm Snapdragon 430 MSM8937. Octa-core, Quad-core 1.4 GHz Cortex-A53, Quad-core 1.1 GHz Cortex-A53. 13 MP 4160 x 3120 px autofocus. 850 / 900 / 1800 / 1900. Corning Gorilla Glass 3 Dual SIM Fast charging Quick Charge. BLU Life One X2 Mini (T470L) pictures. BLU Life One X2 Mini's (T470L) comparisons. DroidChart.com / Smartphones / BLU / BLU Life One X2 Mini (2017). 5 inches 1080 x 1920 px. The detailed specifications, photos and introductory video of the BLU Life One X2 Mini (T470L). The list of the competitors most often compared to the BLU Life One X2 Mini smartphone.. The BLU Life One X2 Mini (T470L) smartphone released in 2017. It is powered by Qualcomm Snapdragon 430 MSM8937 chipset, 4 GB of RAM and 64 GB of internal storage.. The BLU Life One X2 Mini runs on Android OS v6.0 (Marshmallow) out of the box. It comes with a Li-Po 2300 mAh, non-removable battery. It features a 5 inches IPS display with 1080 x 1920 px resolution. The IPS technology is one of the most leading LCD technologies in the world.. The BLU Life One X2 Mini runs on Android OS v6.0 (Marshmallow) out of the box, but the Life One X2 Mini's firmware can be upgraded to a newer version of OS.. Screen size is measured in inches, diagonally from corner to corner. The 5 inches IPS capacitive touch screen with 1080 x 1920 px resolution is multitouch capable.. The smartphone's memory (4 GB) cannot be expanded, but the storage (64 GB) can be expanded with a microSD card.. The camera of the BLU Life One X2 Mini is equipped with autofocus. Autofocus is a camera feature that fine-tunes the focus of the camera, it is a nice feature of this smartphone.. Life One X2 Mini is 3G and 4G capable. This smartphone has a built-in GPS receiver. GPS is a satellite based navigation system that allows the determination of the exact geographical location on Earth. This BLU smartphone has FM radio receiver.. The Li-Po 2300 mAh, non-removable battery gives the smartphone a good battery backup.. The smartphone sensors measure physical quantities and transmit them to the application processor. The phones's accelerometer is a built-in electronic component that measures tilt and motion. A fingerprint sensor is one of the easiest and most secure ways to protect your smartphone. The proximity sensor detects when a user is holding the phone near their face during a call and turns off the display to prevent keypad presses and battery consumption from the display. The Life One X2 Mini has Dual SIM capability, which means that you can insert two different SIM cards and use them both from one phone.. Compare BLU Life One X2 Mini to other smartphones. The specifications above are based on the official data published by the manufacturer, but we also take user reviews into consideration. If you found an error or something lacking in the specifications above for the BLU Life One X2 Mini, then don’t hesitate and signal the problem to us.. According to our statistics, the BLU Life One X2 Mini smartphone was most often compared on our site with the following smartphones.. Compare BLU Life One X2 Mini to other smartphones. If there’s information about the BLU Life One X2 Mini that you would like to see on this site, then write to our webmaster@droidchart.com address.. 
Recent Posts Xiaomi Mi MIX 2S with Snapdragon 845 is officially coming to China on March 27 Meet the Samsung Galaxy S9+ (Video) This is the Galaxy S9, Unpacked (Hands-on Video) Wireless Sony Xperia Ear Duo headset starts at $280 with Dual Listening support ‘Extended’ Sony Xperia XZ2 and XZ2 Compact feature new designs, Snapdragon 845 power Recent Comments Anonymous on CES 2018 will not be graced by FCC chairman Ajit Pai Anonymous on Pixel 2 XL does not charge at full 18W allowed by adapter Anonymous on iPhone 8 and iPhone X cases made by Apple will allow for wireless charging Anonymous on Apple Store in China had just two customers in line for iPhone 8 Anonymous on Galaxy S8 will feature software navigation buttons and launch March 29 Archives February 2018 January 2018 December 2017 November 2017 October 2017 September 2017 August 2017 July 2017 June 2017 May 2017 April 2017 March 2017 February 2017 January 2017 December 2016 November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 June 2015 May 2015 April 2015 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 October 2014 September 2014 August 2014 July 2014 June 2014 May 2014 April 2014 March 2014 February 2014 January 2014 December 2013 November 2013 October 2013 September 2013 August 2013 July 2013 June 2013 May 2013 April 2013 March 2013 February 2013 January 2013 December 2012 November 2012 October 2012 September 2012 August 2012 July 2012 June 2012 May 2012 April 2012 March 2012 February 2012 January 2012 December 2011 November 2011 October 2011 September 2011 August 2011 July 2011 June 2011 May 2011 April 2011 March 2011 February 2011 January 2011 December 2010 November 2010 October 2010 September 2010 August 2010 July 2010 June 2010 May 2010 April 2010 March 2010 February 2010 January 2010 December 2009 November 2009 October 2009 September 2009 August 2009 July 2009 June 2009 May 2009 April 2009 March 2009 February 2009 January 2009 December 2008 November 2008 October 2008 September 2008 August 2008 July 2008 June 2008 May 2008 April 2008 March 2008 February 2008 January 2008 December 2007 November 2007 October 2007 September 2007 August 2007 July 2007 June 2007 May 2007 April 2007 March 2007 February 2007 January 2007 December 2006 November 2006 October 2006 September 2006 August 2006 July 2006 June 2006 May 2006 April 2006 March 2006 February 2006 January 2006 December 2005 November 2005 October 2005 September 2005 August 2005 July 2005 June 2005 May 2005 April 2005 March 2005 February 2005 January 2005 December 2004 November 2004 October 2004 September 2004 August 2004 July 2004 June 2004 May 2004 April 2004 March 2004 February 2004 January 2004 December 2003 November 2003 October 2003 September 2003 August 2003 July 2003 June 2003 May 2003 April 2003 March 2003 February 2003 January 2003 December 2002 November 2002 October 2002 September 2002 August 2002 July 2002 June 2002 May 2002 April 2002 March 2002 February 2002 January 2002 December 2001 November 2001 October 2001 September 2001 August 2001 July 2001 June 2001 May 2001 April 2001 March 2001 February 2001 January 2001 December 2000 November 2000 October 2000 August 2000 July 2000 June 2000 May 2000 Categories Accessories Android BlackBerry Interview iOS Other OS Phones Reviews Security & Privacy Tablets Uncategorized Wearables Windows Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org. Reviews Editorials Videos Podcast Deals Pocketnow en Español. Reviews Editorials Videos Podcast Deals Pocketnow en Español. BLU Life One X2 Mini costs $180 with 5-inch 1080p screen, 4GB RAM… and Marshmallow. Adrian Diaconescu March 17, 2017 1:41 pm. In a world of high-end and even mid-range giants, the brand-new 5-inch BLU Life One X2 Mini might feel relatively small. But it sure packs a more than decent punch for an ultra-low price point.. In fact, “the market leader in unlocked devices in the United States” claims this is the only smartphone available with 4GB RAM at $179.99. That’s probably true as far as MSRPs are concerned, though BLU’s own “full-sized” Life One X2 currently costs the same after a $20 discount while offering identical RAM and ROM counts.. When all is said and done, the One X2 Mini looks gorgeous on paper (and in official press renders), including genuinely remarkable specs for just 180 bucks. That compact display sports 1920 x 1080 resolution and 440 ppi density, and despite a slim profile, the 5-incher is “guaranteed to last you at least one full day”, courtesy of a large 3,000mAh battery.. “Finely crafted” from aircraft grade aluminum, with a diamond cut polished edge and curved glass, the budget-friendly mid-ranger pairs the aforementioned 4 gigs of random-access memory with a whopping 64GB internal storage. Its 13 and 8MP cameras aren’t half bad either, both incorporating LED Flash, but of course, the BLU Life One X2 Mini must cut a few corners.. Enter a decidedly average Snapdragon 430 processor and outright unacceptable Android 6.0.1 Marshmallow software. Can you live with those compromises, also considering the built-in fingerprint sensor and nationwide GSM LTE connectivity? If so, head over to Amazon, and pick your favorite paint job from gold, rose gold and grey.. Amazon , Android , Blu , Life One , Life One X2 , Life One X2 Mini , News. Amazon , Android , Blu , Life One , Life One X2 , Life One X2 Mini , News. Adrian has had an insatiable passion for writing since he was in school and found himself writing philosophical essays about the meaning of life and the differences between light and dark beer. Later, he realized this was pretty much his only marketable skill, so he first created a personal blog (in Romanian) and then discovered his true calling, which is writing about all things tech (in English).. Check out our MWC 2018 coverage!. Xiaomi Mi MIX 2S with Snapdragon 845 is officially coming to China on March 27. Meet the Samsung Galaxy S9+ (Video). This is the Galaxy S9, Unpacked (Hands-on Video). Wireless Sony Xperia Ear Duo headset starts at $280 with Dual Listening support. 56% off this sturdy, transparent iPhone X case. Shock-proof bluetooth speakers with battery life of 30 hours! — 33% off. Pay what you want for this Python learning bundle. Prolong long-term battery life of your smartphone with this Qi wireless charger. No breaks for Huawei or HTC | #PNWeekly 292. Death, lawsuits and the OnePlus X2 | #PNWeekly 291. 5G crisis, 10GB RAM, Huawei P20 potentials | #PNWeekly 290. Why do Sony Xperia phones still exist? “The next paradigm shift.”. Tim Cook: $999 is “value price” for iPhone X because of EIPs and “discounts”. Panay: Surface Pro 5? How about “meaningful change” with your “Surface Pro Next.... Meet the Samsung Galaxy S9+ (Video). This is the Galaxy S9, Unpacked (Hands-on Video). Huawei MateBook X Pro: The ‘Pro’ is for progress (Video). About Us Contact Us Tip Us Terms and Conditions Privacy Policy. All rights reserved, Hagshama Keebali Investments Two General Partnership. Pocketnow.com - Smartphone, Tablet, and Wearable reviews, videos, editorials, and news. 
News / Top 10 / Opinions / Features / How-To / Deals / Business. All Reviews Laptops Tablets Phones Cameras HDTVs Gaming Desktop Printers Monitors Storage Ipad Apps Iphone Apps Android Apps Software Security Networking Routers Servers Scanners Projectors Wearable Tech Health & Fitness Digital Home Cars Speakers Headphones Ebook Readers Laptops / Tablets / Phones / Apps / Software / Security / Printers / Cameras / HDTV. Please enable JavaScript to view the comments.. The Blu Life One X2 Mini is a compact unlocked phone with a nice build and solid performance, but its slightly larger sibling offers better battery life. The Blu Life One X2 Mini is a compact unlocked phone with a nice build and solid performance, but its slightly larger sibling offers better battery life.. A (Very) Small Difference in Design. The Blu Life One X2 Mini is the slightly smaller sibling to the standard One X2. At 5.0 inches rather than 5.2, you won't feel a big difference in your hand, and with a $179.99 price ($20 less than the X2) you won't feel much difference in your wallet. If you're looking for an unlocked phone with a compact build and solid overall performance for under $200, the Life One X2 Mini is a solid choice. But the standard One X2 also fills the bill while offering better battery life.. In terms of design, the One X2 Mini hits all the same notes as the One X2. It comes in gray, gold, and rose gold finishes, and has an aluminum battery cover on the back with strips of polycarbonate above and below it. It's a refreshing change from the all-plastic builds you tend to find in this price range.. View All 7 Photos in Gallery. The One X2 Mini is smaller than the regular X2, but just barely. It measures 5.6 by 2.7 by 0.3 inches (HWD) and weighs 5.4 ounces, compared with the X2, which measures 5.8 by 2.9 by 0.4 inches and 5.9 ounces. It's also quite similar in size and appearance to the Coolpad Conjr (5.6 by 2.8 by 0.3 inches, 5.2 ounces). It's comfortable to hold, and despite the sizeable top and bottom bezel, you shouldn't have any trouble reaching across the display with your thumb.. You'll find a clicky volume rocker and power button on the right side, a 3.5mm audio jack up top, and a micro USB port sandwiched between speaker and microphone grilles on the bottom. The left side is home to a SIM/microSD card slot that worked fine with a 256GB card; it can also take a second SIM instead. A fingerprint scanner that doubles as a home button is on the front.. The display is a 5.0-inch, 1,920-by-1,080 IPS panel. The resolution works out to 441 pixels per inch, slightly denser than the 5.2-inch One X2 (424ppi) and the 5.5-inch Moto G5 Plus (401ppi). It's significantly sharper than the 5-inch, 720p Conjr (294ppi). Text and graphics look crisp, viewing angles are good, and colors are accurate. Outdoor visibility can be a challenge under direct sunlight, however, as the display doesn't get very bright.. Like most unlocked phones, the X2 Mini supports GSM carriers like AT&T and T-Mobile. It has LTE 2/4/7/12/17 bands, giving it good connectivity on both networks. We tested it on T-Mobile in midtown Manhattan, where we recorded average network performance, with a high of 6.4Mbps down. It's not the best result we've seen, but it's also not uncommon when network congestion rears its ugly head.. Other connectivity protocols include Wi-Fi on the 2.4GHz band and Bluetooth 4.2. There's no NFC, meaning no Android Pay, which is a common omission for this price range.. Transmissions are clear, voices are natural, and earpiece volume is loud enough that you shouldn't have trouble hearing it in a noisy environment. Noise cancellation is also solid, blotting out the majority of background interference, though there's a bit of a hiss during intervals of silence. The speaker is reasonably loud, but tinny.. The One X2 Mini is powered by the same Qualcomm Snapdragon 430 processor as the One X2. On the AnTuTu benchmark, a measure of overall system performance, the Mini scores 43,725. That puts it well ahead of the Alcatel A30 (16,672) and practically on par with the Snapdragon 435-powered ZTE Max XL (45,486). Naturally, the more powerful Snapdragon 625 chipset in the G5 Plus yields better performance results (63,845).. Part of the reason for the Mini's relatively strong benchmark scores is its plentiful 4GB of RAM. Multitasking isn't a problem, and the phone handled all the apps we threw at it without significant lag. But while it can technically run demanding games like GTA: San Andreas, there's too much control latency to really enjoy them.. Battery life is a low point. The Mini clocked 4 hours, 26 minutes in our rundown test in which we streamed full-screen video over LTE at maximum brightness. That's an hour better than the Conjr's dreadful result (3 hours, 35 minutes), but far shorter than the X2 (6 hours, 16 minutes) and the Moto G5 Plus (7 hours, 35 minutes). Don't expect to make it through a full day of heavy use.. See How We Test Cell Phones. The 13-megapixel rear camera sensor takes decent photos in good lighting, but tends to be unreliable in other conditions. There's some minor muddiness on more distant objects, but that's not unusual for the price.. The bigger issue is inconsistent autofocus. Every now and then you'll get an inexplicably blurry shot, even when you're certain your hand was perfectly stable. This crops up more often in low-light shots, which isn't surprising. Try as I might, I was unable to take a good indoor shot outside of the controlled conditions of the PC Labs photo studio. Indoor shots were almost universally noisy or out of focus.. The phone records solid 1080p video at 30fps, but once again autofocus can get thrown off a bit too easily. The 8-megapixel front-facing camera is fine for your average selfie.. The regular One X2 has a 16-megapixel rear camera, but in testing, those extra three megapixels don't make a noticeable difference.. The One X2 Mini still runs Android 6.0.1 Marshmallow, an increasingly dated version of the OS especially now that O is around the corner. Don't count on receiving updates, though on the bright side, Blu hasn't muddied it up too much. It's not quite stock, but most of the UI changes are visual, with some alterations to app icons and the app drawer arranged in alphabetical order.. There's a handful of preinstalled apps like Amazon, Beacon Flashlight, Boss Revolution, Empire, Opera, Uber, and Z-Camera. All of them can be removed aside from Opera, which is the default web browser. Out of 64GB of total storage, you have 51.13GB available. That's plenty, but if you need more you can always toss in a microSD card.. The $180 Blu Life One X2 Mini is nearly identical to its slightly larger sibling. The main difference is in battery life, which is where the original One X2 pulls ahead. The Mini is perfectly solid if you're dead set on a 5-inch phone, but we think the One X2's added battery life is worth the extra $20. If you have even more flexibility in your budget (and don't mind a larger form factor), the Moto G5 Plus is your best option, with faster performance, a sharper camera, and newer software. It's a big improvement all around, and our Editors' Choice.. Ajay Kumar is PCMag's Analyst obsessed with all things mobile. Ajay reviews phones, tablets, accessories, and just about any other gadget that can be carried around with you. In his spare time he games on the rig he built himself, collects Nintendo amiibos, and tries his hand at publishing a novel. Hands On: Alcatel Series 5, 3, 1 Phones, 1T Tablets, Linkzone Hotspots. Skyroam Tips $99 4G Roaming Subscription Service. The Best Portable Chargers and Power Banks of 2018. It seems like everyone from hackers to governments is after your personal .... The Best Password Managers of 2018. Creating one strong password that you can remember is hard enough; doing .... The Best Website Builders of 2018. It doesn't have to be an ordeal to set up a website .... About About PCMagazine Privacy Policy Terms of Use Advertise AdChoices. Connect Ziff Davis ExtremeTech IGN AskMen. Social Facebook Twitter Google Plus Linkedin. 
Hot Deals Apps Auto Tech Mobiles Internet Laptops Compare How-To Opinions Forum SKOAR Ask Digit Photos Entertainment Videos Contests News Releases Subscribe Advertise. Menu Top10 Reviews News & Launches In Depth MWC 2018 Forum SKOAR Hot Deals Languages:. Click here to catch all the action live. Mobiles Help Me Buy Laptops Auto Tech Internet Photos Entertainment Videos Contests News Releases Buy Digit Subscribe Current/ past issue Advertise Devworx Ask Digit. हिंदी తెలుగు मराठी മലയാളം தமிழ் भोजपुरी বাংলা ਪੰਜਾਬੀ ଓଡିଆ ગુજરાતી ಕನ್ನಡ অসমীয়া اردو. Digit Mobile Phones BLU BLU Life One X2 Mini. BLU Life One X2 Mini Brief Description BLU Life One X2 Mini Specification. Subscribe here to further receive Related Stories, Product Reviews, Launches & Best Deals. Since this device is currently not available for purchase, please leave you email to be informed of it's price & availability in future.. BLU Life One X2 Mini Price in India 8000 /-. BLU Life One X2 Mini was launched in March 2017 & runs on Android 6.0 OS. The Smartphone is available in three color options i.e. Gold, Rose Gold, Grey & has a built in fingerprint sensor as the primary security feature, along with the host of connectivity options in terms of 3G, 4G, GPS, Wifi Bluetooth capabilities. The phone is available with 64 GB of internal storage.. The Smartphone is powered by 1.4 GHz Octa core Qualcomm Snapdragon 430 Processor. A 4 GB of RAM & Adreno 505 graphics processor ensures phone runs smoothly even the most memory intensive applications & still shows no signs of lag. 64 GB of internal storage can be expanded to 64 GB via a microSD card.. The Phone comes with a large 3000 mAh battery to support it's 5 inch screen with Full HD IPS LCD Capacitive touchscreen display having a resolution of 1080 x 1920 at 441 ppi. The screen is also protected by a Corning Gorilla Glass.. BLU Life One X2 Mini comes with a 13 megapixel rear Camera and 8 megapixel front Camera.. BLU Life One X2 Mini Price In India Starts From Rs. The price of BLU Life One X2 Mini in India is Rs.8000. This phone is available in 64 GB storage variants. BLU Life One X2 Mini is available in Gold, Rose Gold, Grey colours across India.. Gold Rose Gold Grey. Full HD IPS LCD Capacitive touchscreen. Moto C Plus (Pearl White, 16.... Moto E4 Plus (Iron Gray, 32.... Redmi Y1 (Gold, 64GB). Write a Review on BLU Life One X2 Mini. MWC 2018: Huawei launches MediaPad M5 tablet with Kirin 960 SoC, 4GB RAM. Huawei has showcased three variants of its MediaPad M5 tablet at MWC 2018, alongside the MateBook X Pro laptop. The new tablets come in three screen.... Microsoft launches Xbox One X in India at Rs 44,990: All you need to know about the new gaming console. Microsoft has launched the Xbox One X in India. The console is priced at Rs 44,990 and will be available both online and offline. Qualcomm Snapdragon 835-powered Always Connected Windows PCs announced with Gigabit LTE connectivity and 22 hours of battery life. Qualcomm kicked off its second annual Snapdragon Technology Summit with the announcement of Snapdragon 835 powered Windows PCs. Other Popular Deals In BLU Mobile Phones Popular. Blu Vivo X Popular in Mobile Phones. Tenor (10.or E) 3GB 32 GB. Honor 6X (Gold, 32GB). Moto E4 Plus (Iron Gray, 32.... Lenovo K8 Plus (Venom Black, 32.... BLU Life One X2 Mini comparison Compare BLU Life One X2 Mini vs. Xiaomi Redmi Note 4 32GB Compare BLU Life One X2 Mini vs. Xiaomi Redmi Note 4X Compare BLU Life One X2 Mini vs. Xiaomi Redmi Note 5 Compare BLU Life One X2 Mini vs. Xiaomi Redmi 5 Plus Compare BLU Life One X2 Mini vs. Xiaomi Redmi 4 3GB Compare BLU Life One X2 Mini vs. Nokia 2 Compare BLU Life One X2 Mini vs. Nokia D1C Compare BLU Life One X2 Mini vs. Micromax Canvas Infinity Compare BLU Life One X2 Mini vs. Xiaomi Redmi Note 5A Compare BLU Life One X2 Mini vs. 10.or E (Beyond Black, 3 GB). Honor 6X (Gold, 32GB). Honor 9i (Graphite Black, 64.... 10.or E (Beyond Black, 3 GB) 6999 /- Lenovo K8 Plus (Venom Black, 32... 10999 /- OnePlus 5T (Midnight Black 6GB... ABOUT US CONTACT US ADVERTISE SUBSCRIBE PRIVACY TERMS SITEMAP HTML. Digit caters to the largest community of tech buyers, users and enthusiasts in India. The all new Digit.in continues the legacy of Thinkdigit.com as one of the largest portals in India committed to technology users and buyers. Digit is also one of the most trusted names when it comes to technology reviews and buying advice and is home to the Digit Test Lab, India's most proficient center for testing and reviewing technology products.. We are about leadership – the 9.9 kind! Building a leading media company out of India. And, grooming new leaders for this promising industry.. Copyright © 2007-14 Nine Dot Nine Mediaworx Pvt. 
Newegg.com - A great place to buy computers, computer parts, electronics, software, accessories, and DVDs online. With great prices, fast shipping, and top-rated customer service - once you know, you Newegg.. If you are reading this message, Please click this link to reload this page.(Do not use your browser's "Refresh" button). Please email us if you're running the latest version of your browser and you still see this message.. Newegg.com - Computer Parts, Laptops, Electronics, HDTVs, Digital Cameras and More!. TRY NEWEGG PREMIER FOR FREE TODAY!. Free 30-Day Trial when you sign up for a 12-month membership. Free 3-Day-or-sooner expedited shipping on qualifying items.. Add up to four friends to your account so they can enjoy your great Newegg Premier benefits.. Free Returns with No restocking fee. Free shipping on returns and waived restocking fee for qualifying items.. Need quick assistance? Use our private customer service line to help answer any questions or concerns.. Learn More | Sign Up Now. Newegg Mobile Email Deals Daily Deals Marketplace Spotlight Outlet. Shop Exclusive Deals on our Mobile App!. Every week, the Newegg deals team hand-picks intriguing products for you.. Open box, clearance, refurbished and recertified PCs, electronics and more.. STEM Toy & Robot Gift Guide. Are you a startup? Join us.. Search all Computer Systems Components Electronics Gaming Networking Office Solutions Software & Services Automotive & Industrial Home & Tools Health & Sports Apparel & Accessories Hobbies & Toys. Cell Phones - No Contract & Prepaid 100161526. DVD, Blu-ray - Movies & TV 100006830. Items 1-36 of 902. Something Wicked This Way Comes (1983 / DVD) Jason Robards, Jonathan Pryce, Diane Ladd, Royal Dano, Vidal Peterson. Movie Titles: Something Wicked This Way Comes Synopsis: One of Ray Bradbury's most popular and intriguing novels of good and evil comes to life in this spine-tingling motion picture. On a grim and gusty October day, two young boys encounter a distressed man who foretells of danger blowing their way. Soon after, the town is visited by a seductive stanger named Mr. Terrifying things begin to happen when the adventurous boys stumble onto the carnival's deadly and destructive secret! Beware: SOMETHING WICKED THIS WAY COMES ... and frightening surprises follow! Format: DVD Color: Color. Return Policy: View Return Policy. The Life and Times of Judge Roy Bean. Format: DVD Rating: PG Genre: Westerns Year: 1972. Return Policy: View Return Policy. Synopsis: The Boy is a frightening thrill ride directed by William Brent Bell (The Devil Inside) and starring Lauren Cohan (The Walking Dead). Greta (Cohan) is a young American woman who takes a job as a nanny in a remote English village, only to discover that the family's 8-year-old is a life-sized doll that the parents care for just like a real boy, as a way to cope with the death of their actual son 20 years prior. After violating a list of strict rules, a series of disturbing and inexplicable events bring Greta's worst nightmare to life, leading her to believe that the doll is actually alive. Format: Blu-Ray Rating: PG-13 Genre: Horror. Return Policy: View Return Policy. Synopsis: After defeating his most formidable foe to date and riding off into the sunset with longtime flame Felicity Smoak, Oliver Queen (aka The Arrow) left Starling City with the hopes of beginning a new life. But will Oliver ever truly be able to leave behind his past as the Arrow, and, if so, what becomes of the team he has worked so hard to assemble? Will military vet John Diggle, Oliver’s sister Thea Queen, and lawyer-turned-vigilante Laurel Lance be left to continue Oliver's crusade without him? And with Malcolm Merlyn having ascended to the top of the League of Assassins as the new Ra's al Ghul, is anyone really safe? The action-packed series continues with new villains, new heroes and new challenges! Format: DVD Rating: NR Genre: TV Shows. Return Policy: View Return Policy. Synopsis: Claire and Jamie arrive in France, hell-bent on infiltrating the Jacobite rebellion led by Prince Charles Stuart and stopping the battle of Culloden. With the help of Jamie’s cousin, they are thrown into the lavish world of French society, where intrigue and parties are abundant but political gain proves far less fruitful. Altering the course of history presents challenges that begin to weigh on the very fabric of their relationship – but, armed with the knowledge of what lies ahead, Claire and Jamie must race to prevent a doomed Highland uprising and the extinction of Scottish life as they know it. Format: DVD Rating: NR Genre: TV Shows. Return Policy: View Return Policy. Movie Titles: Divergent Synopsis: Based on Veronica Roth's #1 New York Times best-selling novel, DIVERGENT is a gripping action thriller set in a futuristic world where society has been divided into five factions. As each person approaches adulthood, he or she must choose a faction and commit to it for the rest of their life. Tris Prior (Shailene Woodley) chooses Dauntless-the daring risk-takers who pursue bravery above all else. During the Dauntless initiation, Tris completes death -defying stunts and faces her inmost fears in spectacular simulations. When she discovers she is a Divergent, someone who will never be able to fit into just one faction, she is warned that she must conceal this secret or risk her life. As Tris uncovers a looming war which threatens her family and the life of the mysterious Dauntless leader whom she has come to love, Tris must face h... Return Policy: View Return Policy. BLU Life Max L0110UU 16GB Unlocked GSM 4G LTE Quad-Core Phone w/ 8MP Camera - Blue. Mobile Frequencies: Wi-Fi 802.11 b/g/n, Wi-Fi Hotspot Main Display Resolution: 720 x 1280 pixels Rear Camera: 8 Megapixel Operating System: Android v6.0 Marshmallow. Return Policy: View Return Policy. BLU Life One X2 L0091UU 64GB Unlocked GSM 4G LTE Octa-Core Phone w/ 16MP Camera - Rose Gold. Mobile Frequencies: Wi-Fi 802.11 b/g/n, Wi-Fi Direct, Hotspot Main Display Resolution: 1280 x 1920 pixels Rear Camera: 16 Megapixel Operating System: Android v6.0 Marshmallow. Model #: L0091UU ROSE GOLD. Return Policy: View Return Policy. BLU Life One X2 L0090UU 16GB Unlocked GSM 4G LTE Octa-Core Phone w/ 16 MP Camera - Rose Gold. Operating System: Android 6.0 Marshmallow. Model #: L0090UU ROSE GOLD. Return Policy: View Return Policy. BLU Life One X2 Screen Protector [3-Pack], iLLumiShield Anti-Glare Screen Protector for BLU Life One X2 HD Shield with Anti-Bubble & Anti-Fingerprint Matte Film. Return Policy: View Return Policy. Celicious Privacy BLU Life One X2 Mini 2-Way Visual Black Out Screen Protector. Return Policy: View Return Policy. BLU Life One X2 Screen Protector + Back Cover [2-Pack], ILLUMI AquaShield Full Coverage Back and Front Screen Protector for BLU Life One X2 HD Clear Anti-Bubble Film. Return Policy: View Return Policy. BLU Life One X3 Screen Protector [2-Pack], ILLUMI AquaShield Full Coverage Screen Protector for BLU Life One X3 HD Clear Anti-Bubble Film. Return Policy: View Return Policy. BLU Life One X2 Mini Screen Protector , Skinomi? TechSkin Full Coverage Screen Protector for BLU Life One X2 Mini Clear HD Anti-Bubble Film. Return Policy: View Return Policy. BLU Life One X2 Screen Protector [2-Pack], iLLumiShield Blue Light Screen Protector for BLU Life One X2 HD Shield with Anti-Bubble & Anti-Fingerprint UV-Filter Film. Return Policy: View Return Policy. BLU Life One X2 Screen Protector , Skinomi? MatteSkin Full Coverage Screen Protector for BLU Life One X2 Anti-Glare and Bubble-Free Shield. Return Policy: View Return Policy. BLU Life One X3 Screen Protector [2-Pack], iLLumiShield Blue Light Screen Protector for BLU Life One X3 HD Shield with Anti-Bubble & Anti-Fingerprint UV-Filter Film. Return Policy: View Return Policy. BLU Life One X2 Screen Protector [3-Pack], iLLumiShield Screen Protector for BLU Life One X2 Clear HD Shield with Anti-Bubble & Anti-Fingerprint Film. Return Policy: View Return Policy. BLU Life One X2 Screen Protector + Full Body , Skinomi? MatteSkin Full Skin Coverage + Screen Protector for BLU Life One X2 Anti-Glare and Bubble-Free Shield. Return Policy: View Return Policy. BLU Life One X2 Mini Screen Protector + Full Body , Skinomi? TechSkin Full Coverage Skin + Screen Protector for BLU Life One X2 Mini Front & Back Clear HD Film. Return Policy: View Return Policy. BLU Life One X2 Screen Protector [2-Pack], ILLUMI AquaShield Full Coverage Screen Protector for BLU Life One X2 HD Clear Anti-Bubble Film. Return Policy: View Return Policy. BLU Life One X2 Mini Screen Protector [3-Pack], iLLumiShield Screen Protector for BLU Life One X2 Mini Clear HD Shield with Anti-Bubble & Anti-Fingerprint Film. Return Policy: View Return Policy. BLU Life One X3 Screen Protector , Skinomi? MatteSkin Full Coverage Screen Protector for BLU Life One X3 Anti-Glare and Bubble-Free Shield. Return Policy: View Return Policy. BLU Life One X3 Screen Protector + Full Body , Skinomi? MatteSkin Full Skin Coverage + Screen Protector for BLU Life One X3 Anti-Glare and Bubble-Free Shield. Return Policy: View Return Policy. BLU Life One X3 Screen Protector [3-Pack], iLLumiShield Anti-Glare Screen Protector for BLU Life One X3 HD Shield with Anti-Bubble & Anti-Fingerprint Matte Film. Return Policy: View Return Policy. BLU Life One X 4G LTE Screen Protector + Back Cover (2016)(2-Pack), ILLUMI AquaShield Full Coverage Back + Front Screen Protector for BLU Life One X 4G LTE HD Clear Anti-Bubble Film Lifetime Warranty. Return Policy: View Return Policy. BLU Life One X3 Screen Protector + Back Cover [2-Pack], ILLUMI AquaShield Full Coverage Back and Front Screen Protector for BLU Life One X3 HD Clear Anti-Bubble Film. Return Policy: View Return Policy. BLU Life One Screen Protector Cover, MPERO Collection Clear Screen Protector for BLU Life One. Type: Screen Protector Compatible Phone Manufacturer: BLU. Return Policy: View Return Policy. BLU Life One XL 5.5 Screen Protector (2-Pack), ILLUMI AquaShield Full Coverage Screen Protector for BLU Life One XL 5.5 HD Clear Anti-Bubble Film - Lifetime Warranty. Return Policy: View Return Policy. BLU Life One X3 Screen Protector + Full Body , Skinomi? TechSkin Full Coverage Skin + Screen Protector for BLU Life One X3 Front & Back Clear HD Film. Return Policy: View Return Policy. BLU Life One X2 Screen Protector + Full Body , Skinomi? TechSkin Full Coverage Skin + Screen Protector for BLU Life One X2 Front & Back Clear HD Film. Return Policy: View Return Policy. BLU Life One X2 Screen Protector , Skinomi? TechSkin Full Coverage Screen Protector for BLU Life One X2 Clear HD Anti-Bubble Film. Return Policy: View Return Policy. BLU Life One X2 Mini Screen Protector [2-Pack], iLLumiShield Blue Light Screen Protector for BLU Life One X2 Mini HD Shield with Anti-Bubble & Anti-Fingerprint UV-Filter Film. Return Policy: View Return Policy. BLU Life One X2 Mini Screen Protector + Full Body , Skinomi? MatteSkin Full Skin Coverage + Screen Protector for BLU Life One X2 Mini Anti-Glare and Bubble-Free Shield. Return Policy: View Return Policy. BLU Life One X3 Screen Protector [3-Pack], iLLumiShield Screen Protector for BLU Life One X3 Clear HD Shield with Anti-Bubble & Anti-Fingerprint Film. Return Policy: View Return Policy. BLU Life One X2 Mini Screen Protector , Skinomi? MatteSkin Full Coverage Screen Protector for BLU Life One X2 Mini Anti-Glare and Bubble-Free Shield. Return Policy: View Return Policy. Items 1-36 of 902. Newegg does not process or deliver orders on weekends or holidays. Delivery will be next business day.. Why can’t we show you details of this product?. Some manufacturers place restrictions on how details of their products may be communicated.. How do I find out the price? Add it to your shopping cart Go to checkout, the price will be listed in the Order Summary You can remove the product from your order by clicking the "Edit Shopping Cart" button To keep it, click the "Submit Order" button Why can’t we show you details of this product?. Some manufacturers place restrictions on how details of their products may be communicated.. How do I find out the price? Add it to your shopping cart Go to checkout, the price will be listed in the Order Summary You can remove the product from your order by clicking the "Edit Shopping Cart" button To keep it, click the "Submit Order" button Why can’t we show you details of this product?. Some manufacturers place restrictions on how details of their products may be communicated.. Why can’t we show you details of this product?. Some manufacturers place restrictions on how details of their products may be communicated.. Transparency in Supply Chains Act. 
News / Features / How-To / Opinions / Top 10 / Gallery / Video. All Reviews Laptops Tablets Phones Cameras HDTVs Gaming Desktop Printers Monitors Storage Ipad Apps Iphone Apps Android Apps Software Security Networking Routers Servers Scanners Projectors Wearable Tech Health & Fitness Digital Home Cars Speakers Headphones Ebook Readers Laptops / Phones / HDTV / Gaming / Apps / Tablets / Cameras / Printers / Software. Oppo Unveils the F1s smartphone in India. Reliance LYF Smartphones Get A Price Cut. Please enable JavaScript to view the comments.. The Blu Life One X2 Mini is a compact unlocked phone with a nice build and solid performance, but its slightly larger sibling offers better battery life. The Blu Life One X2 Mini is a compact unlocked phone with a nice build and solid performance, but its slightly larger sibling offers better battery life.. A (Very) Small Difference in Design. The Blu Life One X2 Mini is the slightly smaller sibling to the standard One X2. At 5.0 inches rather than 5.2, you won't feel a big difference in your hand, and with a $179.99 price ($20 less than the X2) you won't feel much difference in your wallet. If you're looking for an unlocked phone with a compact build and solid overall performance for under $200, the Life One X2 Mini is a solid choice. But the standard One X2 also fills the bill while offering better battery life.. In terms of design, the One X2 Mini hits all the same notes as the One X2. It comes in gray, gold, and rose gold finishes, and has an aluminum battery cover on the back with strips of polycarbonate above and below it. It's a refreshing change from the all-plastic builds you tend to find in this price range.. View All 7 Photos in Gallery. The One X2 Mini is smaller than the regular X2, but just barely. It measures 5.6 by 2.7 by 0.3 inches (HWD) and weighs 5.4 ounces, compared with the X2, which measures 5.8 by 2.9 by 0.4 inches and 5.9 ounces. It's also quite similar in size and appearance to the Coolpad Conjr (5.6 by 2.8 by 0.3 inches, 5.2 ounces). It's comfortable to hold, and despite the sizeable top and bottom bezel, you shouldn't have any trouble reaching across the display with your thumb.. You'll find a clicky volume rocker and power button on the right side, a 3.5mm audio jack up top, and a micro USB port sandwiched between speaker and microphone grilles on the bottom. The left side is home to a SIM/microSD card slot that worked fine with a 256GB card; it can also take a second SIM instead. A fingerprint scanner that doubles as a home button is on the front.. The display is a 5.0-inch, 1,920-by-1,080 IPS panel. The resolution works out to 441 pixels per inch, slightly denser than the 5.2-inch One X2 (424ppi) and the 5.5-inch Moto G5 Plus (401ppi). It's significantly sharper than the 5-inch, 720p Conjr (294ppi). Text and graphics look crisp, viewing angles are good, and colors are accurate. Outdoor visibility can be a challenge under direct sunlight, however, as the display doesn't get very bright.. Like most unlocked phones, the X2 Mini supports GSM carriers like AT&T and T-Mobile. It has LTE 2/4/7/12/17 bands, giving it good connectivity on both networks. We tested it on T-Mobile in midtown Manhattan, where we recorded average network performance, with a high of 6.4Mbps down. It's not the best result we've seen, but it's also not uncommon when network congestion rears its ugly head.. Other connectivity protocols include Wi-Fi on the 2.4GHz band and Bluetooth 4.2. There's no NFC, meaning no Android Pay, which is a common omission for this price range.. Transmissions are clear, voices are natural, and earpiece volume is loud enough that you shouldn't have trouble hearing it in a noisy environment. Noise cancellation is also solid, blotting out the majority of background interference, though there's a bit of a hiss during intervals of silence. The speaker is reasonably loud, but tinny.. The One X2 Mini is powered by the same Qualcomm Snapdragon 430 processor as the One X2. On the AnTuTu benchmark, a measure of overall system performance, the Mini scores 43,725. That puts it well ahead of the Alcatel A30 (16,672) and practically on par with the Snapdragon 435-powered ZTE Max XL (45,486). Naturally, the more powerful Snapdragon 625 chipset in the G5 Plus yields better performance results (63,845).. Part of the reason for the Mini's relatively strong benchmark scores is its plentiful 4GB of RAM. Multitasking isn't a problem, and the phone handled all the apps we threw at it without significant lag. But while it can technically run demanding games like GTA: San Andreas, there's too much control latency to really enjoy them.. Battery life is a low point. The Mini clocked 4 hours, 26 minutes in our rundown test in which we streamed full-screen video over LTE at maximum brightness. That's an hour better than the Conjr's dreadful result (3 hours, 35 minutes), but far shorter than the X2 (6 hours, 16 minutes) and the Moto G5 Plus (7 hours, 35 minutes). Don't expect to make it through a full day of heavy use.. See How We Test Cell Phones. The 13-megapixel rear camera sensor takes decent photos in good lighting, but tends to be unreliable in other conditions. There's some minor muddiness on more distant objects, but that's not unusual for the price.. The bigger issue is inconsistent autofocus. Every now and then you'll get an inexplicably blurry shot, even when you're certain your hand was perfectly stable. This crops up more often in low-light shots, which isn't surprising. Try as I might, I was unable to take a good indoor shot outside of the controlled conditions of the PC Labs photo studio. Indoor shots were almost universally noisy or out of focus.. The phone records solid 1080p video at 30fps, but once again autofocus can get thrown off a bit too easily. The 8-megapixel front-facing camera is fine for your average selfie.. The regular One X2 has a 16-megapixel rear camera, but in testing, those extra three megapixels don't make a noticeable difference.. The One X2 Mini still runs Android 6.0.1 Marshmallow, an increasingly dated version of the OS especially now that O is around the corner. Don't count on receiving updates, though on the bright side, Blu hasn't muddied it up too much. It's not quite stock, but most of the UI changes are visual, with some alterations to app icons and the app drawer arranged in alphabetical order.. There's a handful of preinstalled apps like Amazon, Beacon Flashlight, Boss Revolution, Empire, Opera, Uber, and Z-Camera. All of them can be removed aside from Opera, which is the default web browser. Out of 64GB of total storage, you have 51.13GB available. That's plenty, but if you need more you can always toss in a microSD card.. The $180 Blu Life One X2 Mini is nearly identical to its slightly larger sibling. The main difference is in battery life, which is where the original One X2 pulls ahead. The Mini is perfectly solid if you're dead set on a 5-inch phone, but we think the One X2's added battery life is worth the extra $20. If you have even more flexibility in your budget (and don't mind a larger form factor), the Moto G5 Plus is your best option, with faster performance, a sharper camera, and newer software. It's a big improvement all around, and our Editors' Choice.. Ajay Kumar is PCMag's Analyst obsessed with all things mobile. Ajay reviews phones, tablets, accessories, and just about any other gadget that can be carried around with you. In his spare time he games on the rig he built himself, collects Nintendo amiibos, and tries his hand at publishing a novel. Hands On: Alcatel Series 5, 3, 1 Phones, 1T Tablets, Linkzone Hotspots. Skyroam Tips $99 4G Roaming Subscription Service. The Best Portable Chargers and Power Banks of 2018. Samsung launches Galaxy S9 and S9 Plus for "the visual and social generation". Available for pre-order on March 2nd.. Uber launches cheaper Express Pool, similar to Ola’s Ride Share Express. Express Pool will be up to 50% cheaper than the standard Pool. This 3-D-printed device turns a smartphone into fully operational microscope. The clip-on microscope requires no external power or light source to work. HDD: What is the future of mainstream storage?. With technology and data going hand in hand, hard drives and solid .... Researchers get closer to creating a DNA-based file system. The new invention will makes it easier to store and retrieve data .... About About PCMagazine Advertise Privacy Policy Terms of Use Cookies. Connect Ziff Davis ExtremeTech IGN AskMen. Social Facebook Twitter Google Plus Linkedin. PCMag India is operated by Times Internet Limited under license from ZiffDavis. 
