GSM 850 / 900 / 1800 / 1900 - SIM 1 & SIM 2. HSDPA 850 / 1700(AWS) / 1900 / 2100 - G170Q. 132 x 66 x 8.6 mm (5.20 x 2.60 x 0.34 in). 4.5 inches, 55.8 cm 2 (~64.1% screen-to-body ratio). 480 x 854 pixels, 16:9 ratio (~218 ppi density). SMS(threaded view), MMS, Email, Push Email, IM. Up to 500 h (2G) / Up to 450 h (3G). Up to 20 h (2G) / Up to 15 h (3G). We can not guarantee that the information on this page is 100% correct. BLU Grand Mini - user opinions and reviews. APPLE iphone 7 has 1960 mAh in 2017 and "high specs" that eats battery life quik, this has low specs, so this has 460 mAh less so whats your point here?. Looks like a phone manufactured in 2013.. Samsung Apple Nokia Sony LG HTC Motorola Huawei Microsoft Lenovo Xiaomi Google Acer Asus Oppo OnePlus Meizu BlackBerry Alcatel ZTE Toshiba Vodafone Energizer XOLO Lava Micromax BLU Gionee vivo LeEco Panasonic HP YU verykool Maxwest Plum. BLU Studio G Mini Samsung Galaxy J3 (2016) BLU Studio J1 BLU Vivo 5 Mini. BLU Vivo X BLU Vivo 8 BLU Vivo One BLU Vivo XL BLU Vivo 5 BLU Life One X3. 
Select the department you want to search in. Sign in Account & Lists Sign in Account & Lists Orders Try Prime Cart. Your Amazon.com Today's Deals Gift Cards Registry Sell Help Disability Customer Support. 1-16 of 31 results for "BLU Grand Mini". See all results for BLU Grand Mini .. BLU Grand Mini Android Unlocked Cell Phone Smartphone Cell Phone 4.5'' Screen (silver). time as expected from BLU , the Grand Mini is no exception. BLU Grand Mini Android Unlocked Cell Phone Smartphone Cell Phone 4.5'' Screen (Black). time as expected from BLU , the Grand Mini is no exception. BLU Grand Mini Android Unlocked Cell Phone Smartphone Cell Phone 4.5'' Screen (Rose Gold). time as expected from BLU , the Grand Mini is no exception. BLU Grand Mini Android Unlocked Cell Phone Smartphone Cell Phone 4.5'' Screen (Gold). time as expected from BLU , the Grand Mini is no exception. Bluetooth Headphones, Wireless Sport Bluetooth Earphone 4.1 Magnetic Design Stereo Bass Headphones with Mic Noise Reduction Suitable For BLU Grand Energy, BLU Grand Max, BLU Grand X, BLU Grand Mini. by WAM BLU Bluetooth Headphones. PU Leather Card Slot Buckle Long Clutch Wallet for BLU Studio J2 / J5 / Selfie / Life One X2 Mini / Grand Max / Energy / M / X / Dash L3 / Neo X2 / Tank Xtreme 2.4 / 4.0 + Vangoddy Earphone. 5% off purchase of 3 items See Details. Tom Clancy’s Ghost Recon Wildlands - Xbox One Mar 7, 2017. Platforms Price New/Used $27.55 $34.00 - -. Writing Skills: Grade 3 (Flash Skills) Oct 5, 2010. Only 7 left in stock - order soon.. $0.01 (82 used &amp new offers). $6.04 (15 used &amp new offers). Flash Skills are a line of mini -workbooks designed to focus on specific .... Fun Phonics Mini-Books (Ready-To-Go Reproducibles) Oct 1, 1999. $0.99 (21 used &amp new offers). An Italian Journey: A Sort of Latter-Day Mini Grand Tour Jul 20, 2005. $10.93 (28 used &amp new offers). Vegas Heist - PC Feb 11, 2009. Only 1 left in stock - order soon.. $2.00 (27 used &amp new offers). Play 5 unique mini -games: Word Search, Tile Rotation, Tile Swap, Jigsaw .... VanGoddy Carry All "H" Wallet with Cell Phone Compartment Suitable for Up to 6.5in Smartphones. Selfie BLU Life One X2 Mini BLU Vivo XL2 BLU Grand Max BLU Grand Energy .... MBE Mini Bible: Torts Constitutional law Evidence: Tutorials, questions, answers - everything needed to learn the effective MBE method; Please look inside!! ! Jan 19, 2015. $24.68 (12 used &amp new offers). World Grand Prix two months Racer Mini 4WD (comic bonbon) (1989) ISBN: 4061005677 [Japanese Import]. $26.86 (7 used &amp new offers). World Grand Prix 1 Racer Mini four wheel drive (comic bonbon) (1989) ISBN: 406100557X [Japanese Import]. $65.98 (4 used &amp new offers). Documents Diplomatiques: Négociations Commerciales Entre La France Et La Grande-Bretagne. Août 1880-Février 1882 (French Edition) Feb 10, 2010. $18.74 (10 used &amp new offers). 4 Stars & Up & Up. 3 Stars & Up & Up. 2 Stars & Up & Up. 1 Star & Up & Up. All customers get FREE Shipping on orders over $25 shipped by Amazon. There's a problem loading this menu right now.. Get fast, free shipping with Amazon Prime. Prime members enjoy FREE Two-Day Shipping and exclusive access to music, movies, TV shows, original audio series, and Kindle books.. Careers About Amazon Investor Relations Amazon Devices. Sell on Amazon Sell Your Services on Amazon Sell on Amazon Business Sell Your Apps on Amazon Become an Affiliate Advertise Your Products Self-Publish with Us › See all. Amazon Rewards Visa Signature Cards Amazon.com Store Card Amazon.com Corporate Credit Line Shop with Points Credit Card Marketplace Reload Your Balance Amazon Currency Converter. Your Account Your Orders Shipping Rates & Policies Amazon Prime Returns & Replacements Manage Your Content and Devices Amazon Assistant Help. Amazon Music Stream millions of songs. Amazon Drive Cloud storage from Amazon. 6pm Score deals on fashion brands. AbeBooks Books, art & collectibles. ACX Audiobook Publishing Made Easy. Alexa Actionable Analytics for the Web. Amazon Business Everything For Your Business. AmazonFresh Groceries & More Right To Your Door. AmazonGlobal Ship Orders Internationally. Home Services Handpicked Pros Happiness Guarantee. Amazon Inspire Digital Educational Resources. Amazon Rapids Fun stories for kids on the go. Amazon Restaurants Food delivery from local restaurants. Amazon Video Direct Video Distribution Made Easy. Amazon Web Services Scalable Cloud Computing Services. Audible Download Audio Books. AudiobookStand Discount Audiobooks on Disc. Book Depository Books With Free Delivery Worldwide. Box Office Mojo Find Movie Box Office Data. ComiXology Thousands of Digital Comics. CreateSpace Indie Print Publishing Made Easy. DPReview Digital Photography. East Dane Designer Men's Fashion. Fabric Sewing, Quilting & Knitting. Goodreads Book reviews & recommendations. IMDb Movies, TV & Celebrities. IMDbPro Get Info Entertainment Professionals Need. Junglee.com Shop Online in India. Kindle Direct Publishing Indie Digital Publishing Made Easy. Prime Now FREE 2-Hour Delivery on Everyday Items. Prime Photos Unlimited Photo Storage Free With Prime. Shopbop Designer Fashion Brands. TenMarks.com Math Activities for Kids & Schools. Warehouse Deals Open-Box Discounts. Whole Foods Market America’s Healthiest Grocery Store. Withoutabox Submit to Film Festivals. Woot! Deals and Shenanigans. Zappos Shoes & Clothing. Souq.com Shop Online in the Middle East. Subscribe with Amazon Discover & try subscription services. Conditions of Use Privacy Notice Interest-Based Ads © 1996-2018, Amazon.com, Inc. 
more ... more .... more ... more .... MEMORY: 8 GB + MicroSD. View all photos (8). Too little RAM memory (0.5 GB RAM). Low pixel density screen (218 ppi). The BLU Grand Mini comes with a 4.5-inch display, 1.3 GHz dual-core processor, 512 MB of RAM, 8 GB of storage (expandable via microSD) and a 5-megapixel camera.. Dimensions: 5.20 x 2.60 x 0.34 inches (132 x 66 x 8.6 mm). Weight: 4.66 oz (132 g) the average is 5.6 oz (159 g). Resolution: 480 x 854 pixels. Features: Ambient light sensor, Proximity sensor. Pixel density - The pixel density of a display represents the number of pixels over an area of one inch. It’s measured in “pixels per inch”, or ppi. The higher the number, the more detailed and good-looking the display is.. Screen-to-body ratio - Shows what part of the frontal area of a phone its screen occupies.. Dual-core, 1300 MHz, ARM Cortex-A7, 32-bit. System chip - Most modern handsets use an advanced chip that includes many of the device’s hardware modules like the processor, Wi-Fi, Bluetooth and sometimes even the wireless radio. This field shows what particular system chip (or System-on-a-Chip) is used in the phone.. Processor - The processor is the main computing component of a phone and is a major factor when it comes to the overall speed of the device. Some more powerful smartphones use dual-core and quad-core processors designed to deliver greater performance.. Graphics processor - The graphics processor is important for the smooth operation of the system and especially in games and other applications that may involve complex graphics and animations.. System memory - System memory, or RAM memory is the type of memory that the device uses to temporarily store data from the OS or currently-running apps. The more RAM available to the device, the better the performance will be when multiple or heavier programs are running.. Built-in storage - Bigger storage capacity allows you to keep more content saved onto your device, such as more applications, photos or video. Games and video content typically take up the biggest amount of storage space.. Storage expansion - Some handsets allow you to expand their storage capacity by using a memory expansion card – most often microSD. Expansion memory is mostly suitable for media storage, such as photo, video or music content.. Capacity - The bigger, the better! However, battery capacity is not the only factor that has an effect on battery life. Those include the chipset in use, the software running on the device, as well as the consumer's unique usage pattern.. Multimedia Screen mirroring: Wireless screen share. Filter by: Album, Artist, Genre, Playlists. Features: Album art cover, Background playback. Cellular GSM: 850, 900, 1800, 1900 MHz. UMTS: 850, 1700/2100, 1900, 2100 MHz. Data: HSDPA+ (4G) 21.1 Mbit/s, HSPA, UMTS. Notifications: Haptic feedback, Music ringtones, Flight mode, Silent mode, Speakerphone. Other features: Voice dialing, Voice commands, Voice recording. Features: Mass storage device, USB charging. Other: VoIP, Tethering, Computer sync, OTA sync. Positioning - This field shows the positioning systems supported by the device. The most common types are GPS and A-GPS.. GPS - This is one of the most widespread global positioning technologies, developed and maintained by the U.S. It uses satellites in order to detect your location. A-GPS - A-GPS stands for Assisted GPS and is the industry standard for positioning and navigation. “Assisted” means that it can use local wireless networks, in addition to satellites, for quicker and more precise localization.. To see the full specifications with in-depth details click here.. Despite our efforts to provide full and correct BLU Grand Mini specifications, there is always a possibility of making a mistake. If you see any wrong or incomplete data, please LET US KNOW .. If you are interested in using our specs commercially, check out our Phone specs database licensing page.. Gear S4 may come with a blood pressure monitor, Samsung patent reveals. Google Pay launches today, but its most important feature is not here yet. Galaxy S9 and S9+ previewed in glorious detail with full specs and release date. Galaxy S9 and S9+ price and release date on Verizon, AT&T, T-Mobile and Best Buy. The Samsung Galaxy S9 and S9+ have game-changing cameras with variable aperture and 960fps slow-mo video recording. The Big Barcelona Camera Comparison: iPhone X vs Pixel 2 XL vs Note 8. Samsung Galaxy S9 and S9+ rumor review: Specs, design, features, price and release date. Sony presents Xperia XZ2 and XZ2 Compact: new design and Snapdragon 845. Galaxy S9 Exynos edition gets benchmarked against rivals!. Galaxy S9 first camera comparison vs iPhone X, V30, S8. Samsung Galaxy S9 & S9+ hands-on. MWC 2018: top smartphones to expect. Best smartphone you can buy in 2018. Allo is a quality app, but Google isn't giving it a real chance. All content (phone reviews, news, specs, info), design and layouts are Copyright 2001-2018 phoneArena.com. Reproduction in whole or in part or in any form or medium without written permission is prohibited! Privacy. 
Ver todos los videos en YouTube. BLU Grand Mini: Características y especificaciones. El BLU Grand Mini posee una pantalla FWVGA de 5 pulgadas, procesador dual-core, 512MB de RAM, 8GB de almacenamiento, cámaras de 5 MP y 2 MP, batería de 1500 mAh y corre Android 6.0 Marshmallow.. BLU Grand Mini Características principales. Android 6.0 es el sistema operativo del BLU Grand Mini. , que en cuanto a dimensiones tiene un perfil de 8.6 mm. y un peso de 132 g.. En cuanto a sus características técnicas , el BLU Grand Mini tiene una pantalla de 4.5" con una resolución de 480 x 854 pixels.. Dentro del BLU Grand Mini encontramos un procesador Mediatek MT6570 1.3GHz, acompañado de 512MB de memoria RAM.. También cuenta con 8GB de almacenamiento. y la memoria interna puede ser ampliada vía microSD. La cámara trasera del BLU Grand Mini tiene una resolución de 5 MP. , y la energía es provista por una batería de 1500 mAh. .El BLU Grand Mini también tiene Radio FM. Pantalla 4.5", 480 x 854 pixels Procesador Mediatek MT6570 1.3GHz 512MB RAM. 8GB, microSD Cámara: 5 MP. OS: Android 6.0 Perfil: 8.6 mm Peso: 132 g. Reviews de usuarios del BLU Grand Mini. No hay experiencias de usuarios del BLU Grand Mini. BLU Grand Mini características avanzadas. Opina sobre el BLU Grand Mini. - GSM 850 / 900 / 1800 / 1900 (SIM 1 & SIM 2) - HSDPA 850 / 1700(AWS) / 1900 / 2100. 132 x 66 x 8.6 mm. 480 x 854 pixels, 5.0 pulgadas. - Sensor acelerómetro para auto rotación. - Conector de audio 3.5 mm. Entradas y campos prácticamente ilimitados, Foto de llamada. - 512MB RAM, 8GB almacenamiento interno. - Procesador Mediatek MT6570 dual-core 1.3GHz, GPU Mali-400. SMS, MMS, Email, Push Mail, IM. 5 MP, flash LED, geo-tagging, foco táctil, video 720p@30fps, cámara frontal 2 MP, flash LED. - Wi-Fi 802.11 b/g/n; Wi-Fi Direct. - 3G HSDPA 21Mbps / HSUPA 5.76Mbps. Hasta 500 h (2G) / Hasta 450 h (3G). Hasta 20 h (2G) / Hasta 15 h (3G). Opiniones y Comentarios BLU Grand Mini. No hay opiniones para el BLU Grand Mini. Sé el primero en dejar una opinión sobre el BLU Grand Mini .. Tu experiencia o preguntas sobre el BLU Grand Mini. - Sé preciso en la pregunta sobre el BLU Grand Mini. - Cuenta tus experiencias positivas y negativas. - No insultes, ni uses palabras groseras, si es así probablemente tu opinión se elimine. - Recuerda que smartGSM NO vende móviles ni celulares. Tu opinión vale! Recomienda (o no!) al BLU Grand Mini a otros usuarios. Sony presenta dos nuevos flagships con nuevo lenguaje de diseño: los esperados Sony Xperia XZ2 y Xperia XZ2 Compact. Una alternativa más confiable para desbloquear la pantalla del Samsung Galaxy S9/S9+: Intelligent Scan. Dos propuestas de mediana a baja gama de ZTE: Blade V9 y Blade V9 VITA, dos modelos con ligeras diferencias. Podría ocurrir que se repitan en otro lado, pero las cámaras del Samsung Galaxy S9/S9+ son algo único. Presentación oficial: el Samsung Galaxy S9/S9+ no viene con muchas sorpresas, pero igualmente deslumbra. SmartGSM es una de las comunidades de habla hispana más grandes sobre teléfonos celulares. Fundado en el 2004, smartGSM cubre todas las noticias y novedades sobre telefonía móvil y provee características de teléfonos celulares, smartphones, tablets y wearables. smartGSM cuenta con una comunidad de usuarios que reflejan sus experiencias, opiniones y críticas sobre teléfonos celulares y tablets.. Las especificaciones de los celulares son a título informativo y pueden variar. smartGSM no se responsabiliza del uso de las mismas.. Copyright © 2004 - 2018 smart-gsm.com. 
Likes Followers Followers Followers Followers mobitabspecs Subscribe. TomTop Deals: Sharp Z2 4G smartphone available for $117.99 GearBest Deals: Onda V80 Tablet available for $74.99 TomTop Deals: HOMTOM S8 available for $128.99 GearBest Deals: Xiaomi Mi Note 3 available for $379.99 TomTop Deals: Koolnee K1 Trio smartphone available for $229.99 GearBest Deals: Xiaomi Mi Mix 2 available for $569.99 GearBest Deals: Xiaomi Mi 6 smartphone available for $449.99 GearBest Deals: MSI GL62M 7RD – 223CN Gaming Laptop available for $899.99 GearBest Deals: Vernee X Mobile available for $247.99 TomTop Deals: MX10 Android 7.1.2 TV Box RK3328 4GB / 32GB available for $58.99. Mobitabspecs - Tech Blog with Mobile Phones News and Specifications. News Deals Review Specification Mobiles Tablets Laptops Compare Comparisons. All Apps News Tablet News Mobile News Accessories News. Intex Aqua Lions T1 Lite launched in India for Rs 3899. iLA X AliExpress Tech Discovery Promotions & Will Attend the MWC 2018. Unnamed HTC 2Q5W1 smartphone spotted on GeekBench. Prev Next. All Tablet Deals TomTop Deals Mobile Deals Laptop Deals GearBest Deals Accessories Deal. TomTop Deals: Sharp Z2 4G smartphone available for $117.99. GearBest Deals: Onda V80 Tablet available for $74.99. TomTop Deals: HOMTOM S8 available for $128.99. Prev Next. DesignCap Review- A Free and Effortless Online Poster Maker. Create Beautiful Logo Designs for Your Business With DesignEvo. Review: iSeePassword Windows Password Recovery Pro. Switch To A New Phone And Make The Switch As Easy As It Gets. Prev Next. Home Gadgets Mobiles BLU Grand Mini. Brand: Blu Category: Mobiles. CPU : 1.3 GHz Dual-core. Rear Camera : 5 MP. Phone Memory : 8 GB. OS : Android OS v6.0. The overall rating is based on review by our experts. 6.7 3.4 1. Display 8 / 10. RAM 6 / 10. Processor 6 / 10. Camera 6 / 10. Connectivity 8 / 10. Battery 6 / 10. Performance 7 / 10. Design 8 / 10. BLU Grand Mini smartphone was launched in July-2017. The smartphone comes with Black, Gold and silver colours.. It has a 4.5-inch LCD multi-touch display with a screen resolution of 854 x 480 pixels and 218 PPI.. The device is powered by a 1.3GHz dual-core MediaTek MT6570 processor with 512MB of RAM and Mali 400 GPU. The BLU Grand Mini comes with 8GB inbuilt memory and expands 64GB storage via microSD card slot.. The device runs an Android 6.0 Marshmallow OS and backed by a 1500 mAH battery.. The smartphone sports a 5MP rear camera with LED flash and a 2MP front camera as well.. BLU Grand Mini - Technical Specification. Type Design Type called form factor refers to a mobile phone's size, shape, and style as well as the layout and position of major components of phone. There are three major form factors seen in mobile phones => bar phones, folding phones and sliding phones.. 132 mm x 66 mm x 8.6 mm. Display Type Display Technology => A number of display technologies and types used in mobile phones => TFT (Thin Film Transistor), IPS (In-Place Switching), OLED (Organic Light Emitting Diode), AMOLED (Active-Matrix Organic Light-Emitting Diode), Super AMOLED (an even advanced version of AMOLED), Resistive Touchscreen (Resistive touchscreens contain two layer of conductive material with a very small gap between them which acts as a resistance), Capacitive Touchsceen (Capacitive touchscreen technology consists of a layer of glass coated with a transparent conductor). Pixel Density Pixel Density (PPI) is refers to the concentration of pixels on a particular display, measured in pixels per inch (ppi). Pixel density is calculated by dividing the diagonal pixel resolution of a display by its diagonal size, higher pixel density better display quality.. Display Colors Display Colors is refers to the number of different shades of colors that the screen is capable of displaying => 64K colors, 256K colors and 16 million colors, Obviously 16M is highest available range of colors and better than others.. Display Protection Display Protection => Gorilla Glass is a special alkali-aluminosilicate glass shield with exceptional damage resistance that helps protect mobile displays from scratches, drops, and bumps of everyday use, It is always better to go for a smartphone with Gorilla Glass for that added protection and peace of mind.. GSM 850 / 900 / 1800 / 1900 MHz. GSM 850 / 900 / 1900 / 2100 MHz. SIM SIM (Subscriber Identity Module) is a small card that contains mobile network subscriber's account information. This allows the phone using the card to attach to a mobile network. The SIM card is most commonly associated with GSM and UMTS mobile networks. Moving a SIM card from one phone to another allows a subscriber to switch mobile phones without having to contact their mobile network carrier. SIM cards can also be used by a phone to store limited amounts of data, such as phone numbers and text messages.. Chipset Chipset is a group of integrated circuits designed to perform one or a more dedicated functions, often with real time computing constraints, Popular smartphones are equipped with more advanced embedded chipsets that can do many different tasks depending on their programming.. CPU CPU (Central Processing Unit) mostly known as processors, CPU processes instructions in order to carry out certain functions that make your device operate properly. Processors are often described as the brain of computers, smartphones and tablets, Smartphones and tablets rely on processors to carry out their every task, Processors are an incredibly important factor in selecting any type of computing device, including your smartphone.. GPU GPU (Graphics Processing Unit) is a single-chip processor designed to rapidly manipulate and alter memory to accelerate the creation of images in a frame buffer intended for output to a display, This includes things such as lighting effects, object transformations, and 3D motion.. RAM (Memory) RAM (Random Access Memory) is a type of computer memory that can be accessed randomly, any byte of memory can be accessed without touching the preceding bytes that allows information to be stored and accessed quickly from random locations. RAM is the most common type of memory found in computer systems, smartphones, tablets and other electronic devices.. Internal Storage Internal Storage is a data storage space (flash memory) mostly used in smartphones, tablets and other electronic devices where operating system, apps, music, photos, videos, files and other user data Is stored.. Card Slot Memory Card Slot is a special slot for inserting a memory card. Memory cards allow you to expand the phone's built-in memory, A memory card (sometimes called a flash memory card or a storage card) is a small storage medium used to store data such as text, pictures, audio, and video, for use on small, portable or remote computing devices such as mobile phones, mp3 players, digital cameras.. Dedicated slot Dedicated slot refers to a non-hybrid slot i.e. u can use two sim cards as well as a micro sd memory card at the same time. Sensors Sensors are electronic components that detects and responds to some type of input from the physical environment. The specific input could be light, heat, motion, moisture, pressure and location, The output is generally a signal that is converted to use in computing systems, a location sensor, such as a GPS receiver is able to detect current location of your electronic device.. Operating System OS => Every computer system run on a base software called Operating System (OS). Operating System controls all basic operations of the computer (such as smartphone, PDAs, tablet computers and other handheld devices). The Operating System allows the user to install and run third party applications (apps), apps are used to add new functionality to the device.. Java Support Java for Mobile Devices is a set of technologies that let developers deliver applications and services to all types of mobile handsets, ranging from price efficient feature-phones to the latest smartphones. Java is currently running on over 3 billion phones worldwide, and growing. It offers unrivaled potential for the distribution and monetization of mobile applications.. Youtube Youtube is a popular free video-sharing website, Youtube is the largest video sharing site in the world, Millions of users around the world have created accounts on the site that allow them to upload videos that anyone can watch.. Facebook Facebook is a popular free social networking website that allows registered users to create profiles, upload photos and video, send messages and keep in touch with friends, family and colleagues. The site is available in 37 different languages.. SMS SMS (Short Messaging Service) is a text messaging service component of phone, Web, or mobile communication systems. It uses standardized communications protocols to allow mobile phone devices to exchange short text messages over the networks.. MMS MMS (Multimedia Messaging Service) is a standard way to send messages that include multimedia content (audio clips, video clips and images) to and from mobile phones over wireless networks using the WAP protocol.. Email Email (Electronic Mail) is a system for receiving, sending, and storing electronic messages, Similar to a letter, email is text messages that may contain files, images, or other attachments sent via the internet to a recipient by using applications and software prograps. An email address is required to receive email, and that address is unique to the user.. IM IM (Instant Messaging) is an exchange of text messages through a software application, it enable you to create a kind of private chat room with another individual in order to communicate in real time over the Internet.. Primary Camera is able to capture photographs and usually videos, The most important characteristics of a camera are the resolution (measured in megapixels), lens focus type (fixed or automatic), higher megapixel cameras are known to capture higher quality photos, but not always a good measurement of the photos quality.. Flash Flash Light => There is commonly two types of flash lights are used in camera mobile phones, LED Flash (LED flash offers lower power consumption with drive circuitry that takes up very little room, LEDs can be strobed faster than any other light source), Xenon Flash (xenon flash produces an extremely intense full-spectrum white light for a very short duration). Geotagging Autofocus Face detection Face beauty HDR Self-timer. Bluetooth Bluetooth is a wireless communications technology for exchanging data between mobile phones, headsets, computers and other network devices over short distances without wires, Bluetooth technology was primarily designed to support simple wireless networking of personal consumer devices.. Infrared Infrared connectivity is an old wireless technology used to connect two electronic devices. It uses a beam of infrared light to transmit information and so requires direct line of sight and operates only at close range.. Wi-fi Wi-Fi is a popular wireless networking technology using radio waves to provide high-speed network connections that allows devices to communicate without cords or cables, Wi-Fi is increasingly becoming the preferred mode of internet connectivity all over the world.. GPS GPS The Global Positioning System is a satellite-based radio navigation system, GPS permits users to determine their position, velocity and the time 24 hours a day, in all weather, anywhere in the world, In order to locate your position, your device or GPS receiver must have a clear view of the sky.. NFC NFC (Near field communication) is a set of standards for smartphones and similar devices to establish peer-to-peer radio communications with each other by touching them together or bringing them into proximity, usually no more than a few inches.. Wireless Charging Wireless Charging (Inductive Charging) uses an electromagnetic field to transfer energy between two objects. This is usually done with a charging station. Energy is sent through an inductive coupling to an electrical device, which can then use that energy to charge batteries or run the device.. HDMI HDMI (High-Definition Multimedia Interface) is a compact audio/video interface for transferring uncompressed video data and compressed or uncompressed digital audio data from a HDMI-compliant source device to a compatible computer monitor, video projector, digital television, or digital audio device.. GPRS GPRS (General Packet Radio Service) is a packet oriented mobile data service on the 2G and 3G cellular communication system's global system for mobile communications (GSM), Generally, GPRS is used for the purpose of wireless data transfer, such as sharing pictures and videos or browsing the Internet via a mobile phone connection.. EDGE EDGE (Enhanced Data GSM Environment) is a wireless network technology generally considered the next step in the 2G network offers data transfer rates up to four times faster than ordinary GSM networks, Generally, EDGE is used for the purpose of wireless data transfer, such as sharing pictures and videos or browsing the Internet via a mobile phone connection.. Web Browser Web Browser => a web browser is a software application used to locate, retrieve and display content on the World Wide Web, including Web pages, images, video and other files, The primary function of a web browser is to render HTML, the code used to design or markup webpages.. 3GP, M4V, H.263, H.264, MOV, AVI, xVID, WMV, FLV, MP4, H.265. Battery Type Battery Type => Cell phones run on various kinds of batteries depending on the manufacturer, phone size or shape and features. There are basically four types of cell phone batteries => Lithium Polymer, Lithium Ion, Nickel Metal Hydride and Nickel Cadmium.. Capacity Battery Capacity is a measure (typically in Amp-hr) of the charge stored by the battery, and is determined by the mass of active material contained in the battery. The battery capacity represents the maximum amount of energy that can be extracted from the battery under certain conditions.. Active noise cancellation with dedicated mic 2. BLU Grand Mini - Rate this Device Be the first to add a Review Your Name * Your Email * Review Title * Review Text * Rate this Product Display: Screen size, image quality (brightness, colors, contrast, etc), visibility in sun light, angles of view and touchscreen. RAM: Processor: Bluetooth, Wi-fi connectivity, data trnasfer speed, internet browsing and interfaces. Camera: Usability of Camera interface, image and video quality in different light conditions and environment. Connectivity: Bluetooth, Wi-fi connectivity, data trnasfer speed, internet browsing and interfaces. Battery: What about battery life, while calling, listening music, watching videos, playing games and doing other tasks. Performance: Is this device perform good while watching videos, playing games, taking snapshots, browsing internet and navigate through other applications? Design: What do you feel about Design and build quality of this device? Average Rating 6 / 10 based on your selection. Please post a user review only if you have / had this product.. BLU Dash L4 LTE 0 Reviews View specs →. BLU Studio J2 full specifications, features 0 Reviews View specs →. BLU Vivo X 0 Reviews View specs →. BLU Touchbook M7 Pro 0 Reviews View specs →. BLU Studio J8 0 Reviews View specs →. BLU Studio J5 Specifications, features 0 Reviews View specs →. Blu Grand Energy Specifications, features 0 Reviews View specs →. BLU Advance A5 Plus $109.99 View specs →. BLU Dash L5 LTE 0 Reviews View specs →. BLU Grand XL full specifications, features 0 Reviews View specs →. BLU Life One X3 0 Reviews View specs →. BLU Advance 5.0 Pro $64.99 View specs →. BLU R1 Plus full specifications, features 0 Reviews View specs →. BLU Vivo One 0 Reviews View specs →. BLU Advance A5 Full Specifications and Features $89.99 View specs →. BLU R2 0 Reviews View specs →. 13,512 Likes 3,221 Followers 4 Followers 226 Followers 3,166 Followers RSS Subscribe. Intex Aqua Lions T1 Lite launched in India for Rs 3899. iLA X AliExpress Tech Discovery Promotions & Will…. Unnamed HTC 2Q5W1 smartphone spotted on GeekBench. Motorola Moto X4 6GB RAM variant launched in India. Prev Next 1 of 68. Mobile Specifications ZTE Tempo Go $80.00 ZTE Blade V9 Vita Ulefone T2 Pro Samsung Galaxy S9 Plus $839.99 Samsung Galaxy S9 $719.99 Nokia 8110 4G $99.00. Tablet Specifications BQ BQ-8041L Art $121.00 Samsung Galaxy Tab S4 10.5 SM-T835 Samsung Galaxy Tab A 10.1 2018 Samsung Galaxy Tab E 8.0 2018 Huawei Mediapad M5 10 Pro $643.00 Huawei Mediapad M5 10 $468.00. Laptop Specifications Dell XPS 13 9370 XPS9370-7170GLD-PUS Laptop $1,549.00 Dell XPS 13 9370 XPS9370-5156SLV-PUS Laptop $1,299.00 Xiaomi Air 13.3 Intel Core i7 Notebook $976.99 Asus A541UJ7200 Notebook $739.99 Asus A541UV7100 Notebook $609.99 Acer Predator 21 X $8,999.00. Recent Compares Alcatel 3 vs Alcatel 3x vs Alcatel 3v View Comparison → Alcatel 1x vs Alcatel 3v vs Alcatel 3x View Comparison → Nokia 8 Pro vs Nokia 7 Plus View Comparison →. Top Rated Samsung Galaxy S9 Active Samsung Galaxy S9 Plus $839.99 Apple iPhone Xc Apple iPhone X Plus LG Signature Edition $1,800.00 Apple iPhone 8 Plus full Specification, features. Brands 10.or 3 360 3 Acer 8 AGM 1 Alcatel 36 Allcall 1 Allview 20 Apple 11 Archos 38 Asus 46 AT&T 1 Blackberry 5 Blackview 24 Blu 45 Bluboo 8 BQ 21 Brandeis 1 Cagabi 2 CAT 5 Celkon 7 Changhong 0 Cherry Mobile 5 Coolpad 24 Cubot 5 Dell 2 DEXP 4 Doogee 16 Doopro 9 Doov 3 EL 1 Elephone 16 Energizer 1 Essential 1 Fly 20 Freetel 2 Geecoo 5 Geotel 1 Gionee 31 Google 4 Gooweel 2 Gretel 1 Hafury 3 Haier 6 Highscreen 3 Hisense 6 HomTom 7 HP 2 HTC 19 Huawei 93 IBall 3 iMAN 0 iNew 1 Infinix 3 Infocus 10 Innjoo 1 Intex 29 itel 4 Ivoomi 10 Jinga 4 Jivi 4 Karbonn 20 Kenxinda 8 Kingzone 1 Kodak 1 Konka 3 Koobee 1 Kyocera 11 Lava 11 Leagoo 12 LeEco 6 Lenovo 14 Lephone 4 LG 53 LYF 3 M-Tech 1 Meitu 3 Meizu 20 Micromax 33 Microsoft 2 Motorola 28 Noa 1 Nokia 25 Nomi 2 Nomu 2 OKWU 2 OnePlus 5 Oppo 28 Oukitel 15 Panasonic 24 Phicomm 3 Philips 10 Phonemax 4 Plum 3 Prestigio 26 Razer 1 Red 1 Runbo 1 Samsung 90 Sansui 1 Senseit 1 Sharp 18 Smartisan 3 Smartron 2 Sony 30 Spice 3 Sugar 10 Swipe 6 Symphony 8 T-Mobile 5 TCL 1 Teclast 1 Tecno 13 Texet 1 THL 1 TP-Link 5 Uhans 7 Ulefone 11 UMI 7 Unihertz 2 Vernee 7 Vertex 3 Vertu 0 Verykool 22 Videocon 5 Vivo 24 Vkworld 4 Vodafone 3 Vphone 1 Walton 2 Wiko 16 Wileyfox 1 Xgody 5 Xiaolajiao 13 Xiaomi 38 Xolo 4 YotaPhone 1 Yu 2 Zen 12 Ziox 6 Zopo 8 ZTE 72. Facebook Join us on Facebook Twitter Join us on Twitter Google+ Join us on Google Instagram Join us on Instagram Pinterest Join us on Pinterest. Mobitabspecs.com is a Tech Blog With Mobiles Tablets Laptops specifications, comparisons, Rumours full information and Resources. Mobiles Tablets Laptops News, Software Reviews, Daily exclusive Deals & Coupons and more.. Laptops 13 Mobiles 1396 Upcoming Mobiles 693 Tablets 101. Home Contact Us Disclaimer Privacy Policy Site Map Comparisons Compare Brands. 
132 x 66 x 8.6 mm. Android OS v6.0 ( Marshmallow ). 5 MP 2592 x 1944 px. 850 / 900 / 1800 / 1900. DroidChart.com / Smartphones / BLU / BLU Grand Mini (2017). 4.5 inches 480 x 854 px. The detailed specifications, photos and introductory video of the BLU Grand Mini (G170Q). The list of the competitors most often compared to the BLU Grand Mini smartphone.. The BLU Grand Mini (G170Q) smartphone released in 2017. It is powered by Mediatek MT6570 chipset, 512 MB of RAM and 8 GB of internal storage.. The BLU Grand Mini runs on Android OS v6.0 (Marshmallow) out of the box. It comes with a Li-Ion 1500 mAh battery. It features a 4.5 inches TFT display with 480 x 854 px resolution. A thin-film-transistor (TFT) LCD display is a variant of a liquid-crystal display (LCD).. The BLU Grand Mini runs on Android OS v6.0 (Marshmallow) out of the box, but the Grand Mini's firmware can be upgraded to a newer version of OS.. Screen size is measured in inches, diagonally from corner to corner. The 4.5 inches TFT capacitive touch screen with 480 x 854 px resolution is multitouch capable.. The smartphone's memory (512 MB) cannot be expanded, but the storage (8 GB) can be expanded with a microSD card.. The camera of the BLU Grand Mini has no autofocus capability (fixed-focus). Autofocus is a camera feature that fine-tunes the focus of the camera. When you try to take a photo of a nearby object with an autofocusless camera, you will discover that your photo isn't very sharp.. This smartphone has a built-in GPS receiver. GPS is a satellite based navigation system that allows the determination of the exact geographical location on Earth. This BLU smartphone has FM radio receiver.. The Li-Ion 1500 mAh battery gives the smartphone a good battery backup. This is a low maintenance battery. No periodic discharge is needed and charging can be done at random.. The smartphone sensors measure physical quantities and transmit them to the application processor. The phones's accelerometer is a built-in electronic component that measures tilt and motion. The Grand Mini has Dual SIM capability, which means that you can insert two different SIM cards and use them both from one phone.. Compare BLU Grand Mini to other smartphones. The specifications above are based on the official data published by the manufacturer, but we also take user reviews into consideration. If you found an error or something lacking in the specifications above for the BLU Grand Mini, then don’t hesitate and signal the problem to us.. According to our statistics, the BLU Grand Mini smartphone was most often compared on our site with the following smartphones.. Compare BLU Grand Mini to other smartphones. If there’s information about the BLU Grand Mini that you would like to see on this site, then write to our webmaster@droidchart.com address.. 
OPPO Claim Centers in Pakistan – OFFICIAL. Sony Xperia Official Stores in Pakistan. Sony to launch Xperia XA2, XA2 Ultra, and Xperia L2 in Pakistan. Huawei Honor 9 Lite Review, Features, Price & Specs. Huawei Honor 5C Pro Review, Price, Specs & Features. OPPO Claim Centers in Pakistan – OFFICIAL. Sony Xperia Official Stores in Pakistan. Sony to launch Xperia XA2, XA2 Ultra, and Xperia L2 in Pakistan. Huawei Honor 9 Lite Review, Features, Price & Specs. Huawei Honor 5C Pro Review, Price, Specs & Features. Mobiles / BLU Grand Mini. CPU : Dual-core 1.3 GHz. OS : Android 6.0 (Marshmallow). BLU Grand Mini - Price and Specification. Design Type called form factor refers to a mobile phone's size, shape, and style as well as the layout and position of major components of phone. There are three major form factors seen in mobile phones => bar phones, folding phones and sliding phones. 132 x 66 x 8.6 mm. SIM (Subscriber Identity Module) is a small card that contains mobile network subscriber's account information. This allows the phone using the card to attach to a mobile network. The SIM card is most commonly associated with GSM and UMTS mobile networks. Moving a SIM card from one phone to another allows a subscriber to switch mobile phones without having to contact their mobile network carrier. SIM cards can also be used by a phone to store limited amounts of data, such as phone numbers and text messages. Yes, GSM 850 / 900 / 1800 / 1900. Yes, HSDPA 850 / 900 / 1900 / 2100. Display Technology => A number of display technologies and types used in mobile phones => TFT (Thin Film Transistor), IPS (In-Place Switching), OLED (Organic Light Emitting Diode), AMOLED (Active-Matrix Organic Light-Emitting Diode), Super AMOLED (an even advanced version of AMOLED), Resistive Touchscreen (Resistive touchscreens contain two layer of conductive material with a very small gap between them which acts as a resistance), Capacitive Touchsceen (Capacitive touchscreen technology consists of a layer of glass coated with a transparent conductor). Display Colors is refers to the number of different shades of colors that the screen is capable of displaying => 64K colors, 256K colors and 16 million colors, Obviously 16M is highest available range of colors and better than others. Pixel Density (PPI) is refers to the concentration of pixels on a particular display, measured in pixels per inch (ppi). Pixel density is calculated by dividing the diagonal pixel resolution of a display by its diagonal size, higher pixel density better display quality. Camera is able to capture photographs and usually videos, The most important characteristics of a camera are the resolution (measured in megapixels), lens focus type (fixed or automatic), higher megapixel cameras are known to capture higher quality photos, but not always a good measurement of the photos quality. Flash Light => There is commonly two types of flash lights are used in camera mobile phones, LED Flash (LED flash offers lower power consumption with drive circuitry that takes up very little room, LEDs can be strobed faster than any other light source), Xenon Flash (xenon flash produces an extremely intense full-spectrum white light for a very short duration). OS => Every computer system run on a base software called Operating System (OS). Operating System controls all basic operations of the computer (such as smartphone, PDAs, tablet computers and other handheld devices). The Operating System allows the user to install and run third party applications (apps), apps are used to add new functionality to the device. Java for Mobile Devices is a set of technologies that let developers deliver applications and services to all types of mobile handsets, ranging from price efficient feature-phones to the latest smartphones. Java is currently running on over 3 billion phones worldwide, and growing. It offers unrivaled potential for the distribution and monetization of mobile applications. Youtube is a popular free video-sharing website, Youtube is the largest video sharing site in the world, Millions of users around the world have created accounts on the site that allow them to upload videos that anyone can watch. Facebook is a popular free social networking website that allows registered users to create profiles, upload photos and video, send messages and keep in touch with friends, family and colleagues. The site is available in 37 different languages.. Chipset is a group of integrated circuits designed to perform one or a more dedicated functions, often with real time computing constraints, Popular smartphones are equipped with more advanced embedded chipsets that can do many different tasks depending on their programming. CPU (Central Processing Unit) mostly known as processors, CPU processes instructions in order to carry out certain functions that make your device operate properly. Processors are often described as the brain of computers, smartphones and tablets, Smartphones and tablets rely on processors to carry out their every task, Processors are an incredibly important factor in selecting any type of computing device, including your smartphone. GPU (Graphics Processing Unit) is a single-chip processor designed to rapidly manipulate and alter memory to accelerate the creation of images in a frame buffer intended for output to a display, This includes things such as lighting effects, object transformations, and 3D motion. RAM (Random Access Memory) is a type of computer memory that can be accessed randomly, any byte of memory can be accessed without touching the preceding bytes that allows information to be stored and accessed quickly from random locations. RAM is the most common type of memory found in computer systems, smartphones, tablets and other electronic devices. Internal Storage is a data storage space (flash memory) mostly used in smartphones, tablets and other electronic devices where operating system, apps, music, photos, videos, files and other user data Is stored. Memory Card Slot is a special slot for inserting a memory card. Memory cards allow you to expand the phone's built-in memory, A memory card (sometimes called a flash memory card or a storage card) is a small storage medium used to store data such as text, pictures, audio, and video, for use on small, portable or remote computing devices such as mobile phones, mp3 players, digital cameras. Sensors are electronic components that detects and responds to some type of input from the physical environment. The specific input could be light, heat, motion, moisture, pressure and location, The output is generally a signal that is converted to use in computing systems, a location sensor, such as a GPS receiver is able to detect current location of your electronic device.. Bluetooth is a wireless communications technology for exchanging data between mobile phones, headsets, computers and other network devices over short distances without wires, Bluetooth technology was primarily designed to support simple wireless networking of personal consumer devices. Infrared connectivity is an old wireless technology used to connect two electronic devices. It uses a beam of infrared light to transmit information and so requires direct line of sight and operates only at close range. Wi-Fi is a popular wireless networking technology using radio waves to provide high-speed network connections that allows devices to communicate without cords or cables, Wi-Fi is increasingly becoming the preferred mode of internet connectivity all over the world. GPS The Global Positioning System is a satellite-based radio navigation system, GPS permits users to determine their position, velocity and the time 24 hours a day, in all weather, anywhere in the world, In order to locate your position, your device or GPS receiver must have a clear view of the sky. NFC (Near field communication) is a set of standards for smartphones and similar devices to establish peer-to-peer radio communications with each other by touching them together or bringing them into proximity, usually no more than a few inches. HDMI (High-Definition Multimedia Interface) is a compact audio/video interface for transferring uncompressed video data and compressed or uncompressed digital audio data from a HDMI-compliant source device to a compatible computer monitor, video projector, digital television, or digital audio device. Wireless Charging (Inductive Charging) uses an electromagnetic field to transfer energy between two objects. This is usually done with a charging station. Energy is sent through an inductive coupling to an electrical device, which can then use that energy to charge batteries or run the device. GPRS (General Packet Radio Service) is a packet oriented mobile data service on the 2G and 3G cellular communication system's global system for mobile communications (GSM), Generally, GPRS is used for the purpose of wireless data transfer, such as sharing pictures and videos or browsing the Internet via a mobile phone connection. EDGE (Enhanced Data GSM Environment) is a wireless network technology generally considered the next step in the 2G network offers data transfer rates up to four times faster than ordinary GSM networks, Generally, EDGE is used for the purpose of wireless data transfer, such as sharing pictures and videos or browsing the Internet via a mobile phone connection. Web Browser => a web browser is a software application used to locate, retrieve and display content on the World Wide Web, including Web pages, images, video and other files, The primary function of a web browser is to render HTML, the code used to design or markup webpages.. SMS (Short Messaging Service) is a text messaging service component of phone, Web, or mobile communication systems. It uses standardized communications protocols to allow mobile phone devices to exchange short text messages over the networks. MMS (Multimedia Messaging Service) is a standard way to send messages that include multimedia content (audio clips, video clips and images) to and from mobile phones over wireless networks using the WAP protocol. Email (Electronic Mail) is a system for receiving, sending, and storing electronic messages, Similar to a letter, email is text messages that may contain files, images, or other attachments sent via the internet to a recipient by using applications and software prograps. An email address is required to receive email, and that address is unique to the user. IM (Instant Messaging) is an exchange of text messages through a software application, it enable you to create a kind of private chat room with another individual in order to communicate in real time over the Internet.. Battery Type => Cell phones run on various kinds of batteries depending on the manufacturer, phone size or shape and features. There are basically four types of cell phone batteries => Lithium Polymer, Lithium Ion, Nickel Metal Hydride and Nickel Cadmium. Battery Capacity is a measure (typically in Amp-hr) of the charge stored by the battery, and is determined by the mass of active material contained in the battery. The battery capacity represents the maximum amount of energy that can be extracted from the battery under certain conditions. The overall rating is based on the review by our experts.. Be the first to add a Review. What do you feel about Design and build quality of this device?. Screen size, image quality (brightness, colors, contrast, etc), visibility in sun light, angles of view and touchscreen. Usability of Camera interface, image and video quality in different light conditions and environment. Music and video players, playback quality, speaker sound and handsfree options. What do you feel about the features of this device, is these enough for you in everyday life?. Bluetooth, Wi-fi connectivity, data trnasfer speed, internet browsing and interfaces. When you call someone, what is the voice quality you hear or vice versa, is speakerphone working good during calls. What do you feel about usability and speed of UI (user interface), messaging, calling, contacts management, call history, notifications and internet browsing?. Is this device perform good while watching videos, playing games, taking snapshots, browsing internet and navigate through other applications?. What about battery life, while calling, listening music, watching videos, playing games and doing other tasks. 6 / 10 based on your selection. Please post a user review only if you have / had this product.. We provide you with the latest news, reviews, comparison, price and videos straight from the mobile world.. OPPO Claim Centers in Pakistan – OFFICIAL. Sony Xperia Official Stores in Pakistan. Sony to launch Xperia XA2, XA2 Ultra, and Xperia L2 in.... POPULAR CATEGORY News 313 Local 276 Global 235 Trending 223 Social 46 Reviews 8. OPPO Claim Centers in Pakistan – OFFICIAL. 
Hi ( Sign in to bid or buy) Daily Deals Gift Cards Help & Contact Sell. Summary Recently Viewed Bids/Offers Watch List Purchase History Selling Saved Searches Saved Sellers Messages. People who viewed this item also viewed. 5''Inch Android 5.1 Quad Core 2G+8G 4G GSM WiFi Bluetooth Dual SIM Smart phone. 2.4'' IP67 Dustproof Shockproof DTNO.I A9 Quad Dual SIM Waterproof Mobile Phone. 4.5" XGODY Android 5.1 Smartphone Unlocked Quad Core 8GB 3G/2G 2SIM Cell phone. 5 Inch Android 5.1 Octa Core Smartphone 4G+2G 3G GSM WiFi Bluetooth Dual SIM. XGODY Android 5.1 Smartphone GPS 1+8GB Dual SIM Unlocked 4.5" 4Core Cell Phone. BLU Grand Mini Android Unlocked Cell Phone Smartphone Cell Phone 4.5'' Screen. Photos not available for this variation. Mouse over to Zoom - Click to enlarge. Upgrading? Sell it, don't trade it. BLU Grand Mini Android Unlocked Cell Phone Smartphone Cell Phone 4.5'' Screen. Share on Facebook - opens in a new window or tab. Share on Twitter - opens in a new window or tab. Share on Pinterest - opens in a new window or tab. Ships in a business day with tracking. - opens in a new window or tab Learn more. tojo0308 has no other items for sale.. Please enter a quantity of $qty_dummy$ or less. Please enter a quantity of 1. Purchases are limited to $qty_dummy$ per buyer. Please enter quantity of 1 or more. Choose quantity that is less than $qty_dummy1$ or equal to $qty_dummy$. You can only choose quantity that is equal to $qty_dummy$. May not ship to Singapore. Read item description or contact seller for shipping options. help icon for Shipping - opens a layer. This amount includes applicable customs duties, taxes, brokerage and other fees. This amount is subject to change until you make payment. For additional information, see the Global Shipping Program terms and conditions - opens in a new window or tab. This amount includes applicable customs duties, taxes, brokerage and other fees. This amount is subject to change until you make payment. If you reside in an EU member state besides UK, import VAT on this purchase is not recoverable. For additional information, see the Global Shipping Program terms and conditions - opens in a new window or tab. No additional import charges on delivery. Apply Now - opens in a new window or tab. See terms - opens in a new window or tab. An error occurred, please try again.. Any international shipping is paid in part to Pitney Bowes Inc. Learn More - opens in a new window or tab. International shipping and import charges paid to Pitney Bowes Inc. Learn More - opens in a new window or tab. Any international shipping and import charges are paid in part to Pitney Bowes Inc. Learn More - opens in a new window or tab. International shipping paid to Pitney Bowes Inc. Learn More - opens in a new window or tab. Any international shipping is paid in part to Pitney Bowes Inc. Learn More - opens in a new window or tab. Covered by eBay Money Back Guarantee. See details - opens in a new window or tab. Get the item you ordered or get your money back. Covers your purchase price and original shipping.. For BLU Dash Jr D141W D140W D141S 0.3mm 9H HD Tempered Glass Screen Protector. 6-Pack Clear XtremeGuard HI-DEF Screen Protector For Blu Studio X6 N110L, N110U. 1X EZguardz LCD Screen Protector Shield HD 1X For Blu Studio X6 N110L, N110U. Straight Talk Standard Or Micro Sim Cards X3 For Your Cell Phones. Straight Talk Micro Sim Card Or Standard. TracFone Bring Your Own Phone SIM Activation Kit (3-in-1-SIM) 3-in-1 SIM. Report item - opens in a new window or tab. Seller assumes all responsibility for this listing.. 3G Data Capable, 4G Data Capable, Dual SIM. New: A brand-new, unused, unopened, undamaged item in its original packaging (where packaging is. Packaging should be the same as what is found in a retail store, unless the item is handmade or was packaged by the manufacturer in non-retail packaging, such as an unprinted box or plastic bag. See the seller's listing for full details. See all condition definitions - opens in a new window or tab. Seller assumes all responsibility for this listing.. The seller has not specified a shipping method to Singapore. Contact the seller - opens in a new window or tab and request shipping to your location.. Please enter a valid ZIP Code.. Item location: Miami, Florida, United States. No additional import charges at delivery!. This item will be shipped through the Global Shipping Program and includes international tracking. Learn more - opens in a new window or tab. Please enter a number less than or equal to 13.. Please enter a valid ZIP Code.. Please enter 5 or 9 numbers for the ZIP Code.. Will usually ship within 1 business day of receiving cleared payment - opens in a new window or tab .. Seller charges sales tax for items shipped to: FL (7.0%).. After receiving the item, contact seller within. Pay for your purchases when it's right for you. Choose PayPal Credit to pay all at once or enjoy the flexibility of paying over time with special financing offers.. For example, if your purchase qualifies, you could enjoy No Payments + No Interest if paid in full in 6 months on $99+.. Interest will be charged on your account from the posting date (which is usually within a few days after the purchase date) if the purchase balance is not paid in full within the promotional period. See terms - opens in a new window or tab. Other offers may be available from time to time.. The lender for PayPal Credit accounts is Comenity Capital Bank.. Immediate payment required for this item. Immediate payment of US $52.87 is required.. Feedback on tojo0308 from others who bought this item. Thank you I received the item and i love it you the best. 👍 espectacular súper rápido el envío. Llego el 1 dic no tardo en llegar,Gracias.. What’s the Difference Between iOS and Android? ,. How to Buy a Bar Phone on eBay ,. What's the Difference Between GSM and CDMA Cell Phones? ,. Samsung Galaxy S5 Buying Guide ,. How to Choose a Touch Watch to Pair With Your Smartphone ,. How to Choose an Android Phone ,. How to Buy a Used Samsung S4 on eBay. OnePlus 5 Unlocked Android Cell Phones & Smartphones ,. Android BLU Vivo 5 Unlocked Cell Phones & Smartphones ,. blu Android Unlocked Cell Phones & Smartphones ,. Blu Android Cell Phones & Smartphones ,. blu Unlocked Cell Phones & Smartphones ,. Android BLU Vivo 5 Cell Phones & Smartphones. Site Map Copyright © 1995-2018 eBay Inc. Accessibility , User Agreement , Privacy , Cookies and AdChoice Norton Secured - powered by Verisign. 
Home All Brands Top 10 Mobile Phones Latest News Latest Mobiles Phones Upcoming Mobiles Phones Model Finder Technology Blog. BLU Grand Mini (Full Device Specifications). » Specifications » 360° View » Pictures » Photo Quality. BLU Grand Mini Officially Announced :. Black , Gold , Silver , Rose Gold Price : --- 7.5 out of 10. : ( 55 Ratings). BLU Grand Mini Release July 2017, weight 132g, 4.5” LCD capacitive touchscreen , 5.0 MP Camera, Bluetooth 4.0,Wi-Fi Price in February 2018. GSM 850 , GSM 900 , GSM 1800 , GSM 1900 GSM 3G Bands :. HSDPA 850 , HSDPA 1700 , HSDPA 1900 , HSDPA 2100 Operating System :. Dual Core Processor Processor Speed :. 512 MB Memory Card Slot :. 132 x 67 x 9 mm , Exactly 132 x 66 x 8.6 mm Slim/Thin :. 8 mm , (8.6 mm Thick) Weight :. Accelerometer , G-Sensor Dedicated Keys :. Volume , Power Device Security :. Device Password Lock , Device Pattern Lock , Slide Lock. LCD capacitive touchscreen Display Colors :. 16M Colors Pixel density range :. 201 to 275 ppi , (~218 ppi Pixel Density) Screen Resolution :. 480 x 854 pixels (FWVGA) Display Size :. 4.5 Inch Screen To Body Ratio :. 61 to 70 Percent , (~64% screen-to-body-ratio) Multi Touch Support :. Vibration , MP3 ringtones , WAV. 5.0 MP , 2592 x 1944 Pixels Camera Flash LED :. 2.0 MP Front Camera Flash :. With 720p 3G or Video Call :. Autofocus , Touch focus , Self timer , Face Detection , HDR , Face Beauty. Yes , (Bottom Speakers) Audio Format :. WAV , AAC , AMR , MP3 , WMA , MIDI , FLAC , OGG Video Format :. 3GP , MP4 , FLV , xVID , AVI , MKV , H.264 , H.263 3.5mm Headphone Jack :. HSUPA 5.76 Mbps , HSDPA 21 Mbps , HSPA plus Browser Name :. Wi-Fi 802.11 b/g/n Hot Spot :. microUSB 2.0 NFC (Near Field Communication) :. Calculator , Notes , To-do list , Google Apps, BLU Help, VAS Apps. SMS , MMS , Email , IM GPS Tracking :. Li-Ion 1500 mAh Wireless Charge :. 140 Hrs , (Unofficial) Talk Time :. 4 Hrs , (Unofficial) Music Playback :. Dual Sim(Dual Standby) Social Networking Services And Apps Metal Frame Design Sandstone Pattern Finish Back U-Shaped Antenna Design USA Carrier Network Support Rounded Edges. BLU Grand Mini Handset Battery 1500 mAh Charger USB Data Cable 3.5mm Headset Quick Guide Protective Back Case Screen Protector. » Full Specifications » User Opinions & Review » Compare » Pictures » 360° View » Related Phones » Review » Related News » User Manual » Photo Quality » Video Quality Tweet Popularity and Rating Rate this Mobile Phone Design. 0 1 2 3 4 5 Features. 0 1 2 3 4 5 Performance. 0 1 2 3 4 5. Categories » 4G VoLTE Mobiles » Apple iOS Mobiles » Android 4G » Dual Camera Phone » Dual Sim Mobiles » Android Smartphone » Dual OS Smartphone » Android Dual Sim » Android One » Android CDMA » Tablet » Android Tablet » Windows 4G » Windows Mobiles » Windows Tablet » Smartphone » CDMA Phone » GSM & CDMA Phone » Dual OS Tablets » Dual SIM Qwerty » Ubuntu Tablet » Ubuntu Mobiles » Basic Dual Sim » Basic Phone » Qwerty Phones » Touch & Type » Triple Sim Mobile » Slide phones » Android Camera Top Brands » Samsung » Apple » Nokia » Google » Lenovo » Motorola » BlackBerry » Huawei » HTC » Alcatel » OnePlus » LG » Asus » Xiaomi » ZTE » Micromax » Oppo » Karbonn » Vivo » Acer » Intex » BLU » Gionee » Vodafone » Lava » All Brands. LG V30S+ ThinQ LG V30S ThinQ ZTE Blade V9 Vita Nokia 7 Plus Nokia 8 Sirocco Nokia 1 Samsung Galaxy S9+ SM-G965 Samsung Galaxy S9 SM-G960. LG V30S+ ThinQ LG V30S ThinQ ZTE Blade V9 Vita Nokia 7 Plus. BLU Grand Mini Announced February 2018, weight 158g, 6” OLED Capacitive Touch Screen, 16 MP Camera, Bluetooth 5.0,Wi-Fi Price in February 2018 View Full Specifications | Unboxing Pictures | Manual Download | 360 View. BLU Grand Mini Announced February 2018, weight 158g, 6” OLED Capacitive Touch Screen, 16 MP Camera, Bluetooth 5.0,Wi-Fi Price in February 2018 View Full Specifications | Unboxing Pictures | Manual Download | 360 View. BLU Grand Mini Announced February 2018, weight 145g, 5.45” IPS LCD Capacitive TouchScreen, 13 MP Camera, Bluetooth 4.1,Wi-Fi Price in February 2018 View Full Specifications | Unboxing Pictures | Manual Download | 360 View. BLU Grand Mini Announced February 2018, weight 155g, 6” IPS LCD Capacitive TouchScreen, 12 MP Camera, Bluetooth 5.0,Wi-Fi Price in February 2018 View Full Specifications | Unboxing Pictures | Manual Download | 360 View. Home | Privacy Policy. 
Marcas Celulares Comparaciones Blog. Windows BlackBerry Ver todos.... Comparar Celulares Ver todas las comparaciones. Celulares BLU BLU Grand Mini. Your browser does not support JavaScript!. Producto no disponible temporalmente para comprar. Este celular no tiene comentarios ni opiniones aún.. El BLU Grand Mini tiene una pantalla LCD de 4,5 pulgadas multi-touch con una resolución de pantalla de 854 x 480 píxeles y 218 PPI. El dispositivo es alimentado por un procesador de 1.3GHz de doble núcleo MediaTek MT6570 con 512 MB de RAM y GPU Mali 400.. El BLU Grand Mini viene con 8GB de memoria interna y se puede amplíar el almacenamiento hasta 64GB a través de la ranura para tarjetas microSD. El dispositivo ejecuta un sistema operativo Android 6.0 Marshmallow y respaldado por una batería de 1500 mAh.. El BLU Grand Mini cuenta con una cámara trasera de 5 megapíxeles con flash LED y una cámara frontal de 2 megapíxeles.. Pase el cursor sobre la imagen para ampliar.. Ayuda y Servicio al cliente ¿Donde estamos? TuGadgetShop Todo sobre celulares | Caracteristicas y especificaciones de smartphones y moviles. Ven a conocer todas las funciones, caracteristicas, especificaciones, videos, opiniones/reviews de telefonos celulares, smartphones y moviles.. BLU Grand Mini: Características y especificaciones. Nombre BLU Grand Mini. Versión Android 6.0 Marshmallow. Fecha Lanzamiento Agosto de 2017. Arquitectura 32 bits Microprocesador MediaTek MT6570 Info adicional Micro ARM Cortex-A7 No. núcleos (Microprocesador) Dual core Velocidad del microprocesador 1300 Mhz Tipo de memoria RAM LPDDR3 Memoria RAM 512 MB Velocidad de la RAM Informacion no registrada Tarjeta Gráfica ARM Mali-400 MP1 Memoria Interna 8 GB Memoria expandible 64 GB Tipo de Memoria Expandible microSD, microSDHC, microSDXC No. de tarjetas SIM soportados 2 ranura(s) Tipo de tarjeta SIM micro SIM (3FF 15x12) Info Doble SIM Dual SIM Stand-by - Llamada activa en una de las líneas Materiales Plástico Grosor 8.6 mm Ancho 66 mm Alto 132 mm Peso 132 gr Pantalla resistente a rayaduras No Resistente al agua No Tamaño de pantalla 4.5 " Tipo de pantalla TFT Resolucion de pantalla Informacion no registrada Pixeles Por Pulgada (PPI) Informacion no registrada Colores soportados 16 Millones Touchscreen Capacitiva Multitouch Relación de aspecto (Relación entre largo y corto de pantalla) 1.779:1 Area ocupada por la pantalla Informacion no registrada Cámara trasera (principal) 5 MP Modelo del Sensor de imagen Informacion no registrada Tipo de sensor de imagen CMOS (complementary metal-oxide semiconductor) Resolución cámara principal 2592 x 1944 px Tamaño de sensor de imagen Informacion no registrada Flash Flash LED Zoom Zoom digital Tamaño de píxel Informacion no registrada Autoenfoque Si Distancia Focal Informacion no registrada Touch Focus Si Detección de sonrisas (smile detection) Si Detección de rostros (face detection) Si Tamaño del sensor Informacion no registrada Apertura (aperture) f/2.8 Sensor BSI No tiene HDR HDR foto en cám. principal Cámara frontal (secundaria) 2 (1.92) MP Resolución cámara secundaria 1600 x 1200 px Grabación de video cámara principal HD (1280 x 720 px) Fotogramas por segundo - FPS (principal) 30 Grabación de video cámara secundaria VGA (640 x 480 px) Fotogramas por segundo - FPS (Camara frontal) 30 Radio FM TV No tiene Formatos de reproducción de video 3GPP (3rd Generation Partnership Project .3gp) AVI (Audio Video Interleaved .avi) MP4 (MPEG-4 Part 14 .mp4 .m4a .m4p .m4b .m4r .m4v) Xvid Formatos de reproducción de audio AAC (Advanced Audio Coding) AMR / AMR-NB / GSM-AMR (Adaptive Multi-Rate .amr .3ga) eAAC+ / aacPlus v2 / HE-AAC v2 FLAC (Free Lossless Audio Codec .flac) MIDI MP3 (MPEG-2 Audio Layer II .mp3) OGG (.ogg .ogv .oga .ogx .spx .opus) WMA (Windows Media GSM Mhz Cuatribanda 850/900/1800/1900 Red 2G GSM 850, 900, 1800, 1900 MHz Red 3G UMTS 850, 1700/2100, 1900, 2100 MHz Red 4G / LTE Informacion no registrada Red de datos UMTS (384 kbit/s ),EDGE,GPRS,HSPA+ (HSUPA 5.76 Mbit/s , HSDPA 21 Mbit/s ) Velocidad de Descarga 21 Mbps Velocidad del Upload 5.76 Mbps Batería Iones de Litio (Li-ión) Extraíble Amperaje 1500 mAh Modelo de la batería Informacion no registrada Tiempo de Conversación Informacion no registrada Tiempo en espera Informacion no registrada ¿Carga Rápida? No Uso tipico Informacion no registrada Poco uso Informacion no registrada USB USB 2.0 Micro-B (Micro-USB) Salida de TV No tiene Salida de Audio Conector 3.5mm Bluetooth Versión 4.0 con A2DP WiFi 802.11 b/g/n DLNA No tiene NFC No tiene GPS GPS y A-GPS Altavoz (speaker) Si Videollamada Si Control de llamada Marcación de voz, Grabadora de voz Huella digital (fingerprint) No tiene Modelo del lector de huellas Informacion no registrada Iris scanner No tiene Reductor de ruido Si Vibración Si Tonos / Ringtones Polifónicos y personalizados Navegación web HTML, HTML5, CSS3 Flash Player No tiene Java No tiene Sensores Acelerómetro Tasa de Radiación (SAR) USA 0.81 W/Kg (Cabeza), 1.19 W/Kg (Cuerpo) W/Kg. Red móvil y Red de datos. Aclaración: No podemos garantizar que la información en esta página es 100% correcta.. Opiniones ¿Dudas?. Opiniones y Comentarios BLU Grand Mini. Este celular no tiene comentarios ni opiniones aún.. ¿Quieres saber algo más sobre este celular?. Preguntanos! Envianos tus dudas o preguntas sobre este modelo de celular.. Te responderemos más rápido de lo que crees.. BLU BLU Grand Mini Product #: 1001353015610000100001 Regular price: 0.00 $ 0.00 Condición: Nuevo, desbloqueado y con garantía de fábrica. No disponible para comprar, conoce sus características. El BLU Grand Mini tiene una pantalla LCD de 4,5 pulgadas multi-touch con una resolución de pantalla de 854 x 480 píxeles y 218 PPI. El dispositivo es alimentado por un procesador de 1.3GHz de doble núcleo MediaTek MT6570 con 512 MB de RAM y GPU Mali 400.. El BLU Grand Mini viene con 8GB de memoria interna y se puede amplíar el almacenamiento hasta 64GB a través de la ranura para tarjetas microSD. El dispositivo ejecuta un sistema operativo Android 6.0 Marshmallow y respaldado por una batería de 1500 mAh.. El BLU Grand Mini cuenta con una cámara trasera de 5 megapíxeles con flash LED y una cámara frontal de 2 megapíxeles.. Anotate para ser el primero en recibir ofertas y noticias de TuGadgetShop y no pierdas la oportunidad de cambiar tú celular.. Marcando esta casilla aceptas las Politicas de Privadidad de TuGadgetShop. Gracias por suscribirte, pronto recibirás un correo para que puedas confirmar tu suscripción.. Encuentranos en las redes sociales Pinterest Twitter Facebook Google+ Permitenos Ayudarte TOS. Tu cuenta Mis suscripciones ¿Olvidaste tu contraseña? Contáctanos. 2018 ©TuGadgetShop® Términos y Condiciones Aviso de Privacidad. San Antonio, Pje 2 Sur, #18B , Santa Tecla , La Libertad. 
Ver todos los videos en YouTube. Características técnicas de teléfonos celulares BLU. Smartphones BLU - Especificaciones Técnicas Modelos GSM. ← Anteriores 1 2 3 4 Siguientes →. Elige un modelo de toda la línea de teléfonos celulares y smartphones BLU para ver sus características técnicas, detalles y más.. Según un nuevo render filtrado, así se vería el Samsung Galaxy S9+ color "Coral Blue". Ni "Meizu M6S" ni tampoco "Blue Charm S": el nuevo smartphone de Meizu se lanzaría bajo la marca "mBlu". Huawei MediaPad M5 será la próxima tablet de Huawei y ya recibió su certificación Bluetooth. Se filtran renders completos de un posible nuevo smartphone de Blue Charm o nuevo Meizu "mBlu". Sony presenta dos nuevos flagships con nuevo lenguaje de diseño: los esperados Sony Xperia XZ2 y Xperia XZ2 Compact. Una alternativa más confiable para desbloquear la pantalla del Samsung Galaxy S9/S9+: Intelligent Scan. Dos propuestas de mediana a baja gama de ZTE: Blade V9 y Blade V9 VITA, dos modelos con ligeras diferencias. Podría ocurrir que se repitan en otro lado, pero las cámaras del Samsung Galaxy S9/S9+ son algo único. Presentación oficial: el Samsung Galaxy S9/S9+ no viene con muchas sorpresas, pero igualmente deslumbra. SmartGSM es una de las comunidades de habla hispana más grandes sobre teléfonos celulares. Fundado en el 2004, smartGSM cubre todas las noticias y novedades sobre telefonía móvil y provee características de teléfonos celulares, smartphones, tablets y wearables. smartGSM cuenta con una comunidad de usuarios que reflejan sus experiencias, opiniones y críticas sobre teléfonos celulares y tablets.. Las especificaciones de los celulares son a título informativo y pueden variar. smartGSM no se responsabiliza del uso de las mismas.. Copyright © 2004 - 2018 smart-gsm.com. 
FREE SHIPPING TO THE UNITED STATES. Skinomi TechSkin™ for BLU Grand Mini. Home // Shop By Category // Cell Phones // BLU // BLU Grand Mini. Skinomi.com provides BLU Grand Mini accessories and protective solutions. Our arsenal of protective films offer a durable alternative to bulky BLU Grand Mini hard cases. These films include BLU Grand Mini Screen Protectors and BLU Grand Mini Skin Protectors. TechSkin is the best solution for maximum scratch protection for your device. It is the toughest scratch protection film in the world made of the same material used to protect luxury cars, military aircrafts and NASA space shuttles. TechSkin has the ability to resist some of the highest level of abrasion combined with "self healing" capabilities. This advancement in protection technology will keep your BLU Grand Mini looking new and stunning. Skinomi prides itself as a provider of top quality products that entail impeccable customer service. We are committed to exceed our customers' expectations with our product innovation, fast order processing, and unrivaled support. Through constant research and development, our team is dedicated in bringing you the best BLU Grand Mini Screen Protector and BLU Grand Mini Skin Protector in the market.. itemId=sk31828-grand-mini-phone-screen-protector|~|priceRange=1|~|color=|~|size=|~|orderable=T|~|call-to-order=|~|call-for-price=|~|hasOptions=F|~|isOrganic=F|~|isNew=F|~|bestseller=|~|name=BLU Grand Mini TechSkin Screen Protector|~|brand=|~|rating=0|~|ratingCount=0|~|price=7.85|~|priceReg=7.85|~|priceSale=|~|image=https://sep.yimg.com/ay/yhst-38148694942392/blu-grand-mini-techskin-screen-protector-36.gif BLU Grand Mini TechSkin Screen Protector. itemId=sk31829-grand-mini-phone-skin-protector|~|priceRange=1|~|color=|~|size=|~|orderable=T|~|call-to-order=|~|call-for-price=|~|hasOptions=F|~|isOrganic=F|~|isNew=F|~|bestseller=|~|name=BLU Grand Mini TechSkin Full Body Skin Protector|~|brand=|~|rating=0|~|ratingCount=0|~|price=15.95|~|priceReg=15.95|~|priceSale=|~|image=https://sep.yimg.com/ay/yhst-38148694942392/blu-grand-mini-techskin-full-body-skin-protector-36.gif BLU Grand Mini TechSkin Full Body Skin Protector. itemId=sk31830-grand-mini-phone-black-carbon-protector|~|priceRange=1|~|color=|~|size=|~|orderable=T|~|call-to-order=|~|call-for-price=|~|hasOptions=F|~|isOrganic=F|~|isNew=F|~|bestseller=|~|name=BLU Grand Mini TechSkin Black Carbon Fiber Skin|~|brand=|~|rating=0|~|ratingCount=0|~|price=15.95|~|priceReg=15.95|~|priceSale=|~|image=https://sep.yimg.com/ay/yhst-38148694942392/blu-grand-mini-techskin-black-carbon-fiber-skin-36.gif BLU Grand Mini TechSkin Black Carbon Fiber Skin. itemId=sk31831-grand-mini-phone-silver-carbon-protector|~|priceRange=1|~|color=|~|size=|~|orderable=T|~|call-to-order=|~|call-for-price=|~|hasOptions=F|~|isOrganic=F|~|isNew=F|~|bestseller=|~|name=BLU Grand Mini TechSkin Silver Carbon Fiber Skin|~|brand=|~|rating=0|~|ratingCount=0|~|price=15.95|~|priceReg=15.95|~|priceSale=|~|image=https://sep.yimg.com/ay/yhst-38148694942392/blu-grand-mini-techskin-silver-carbon-fiber-skin-36.gif BLU Grand Mini TechSkin Silver Carbon Fiber Skin. itemId=sk31832-grand-mini-phone-gold-carbon-protector|~|priceRange=1|~|color=|~|size=|~|orderable=T|~|call-to-order=|~|call-for-price=|~|hasOptions=F|~|isOrganic=F|~|isNew=F|~|bestseller=|~|name=BLU Grand Mini TechSkin Gold Carbon Fiber Skin|~|brand=|~|rating=0|~|ratingCount=0|~|price=15.95|~|priceReg=15.95|~|priceSale=|~|image=https://sep.yimg.com/ay/yhst-38148694942392/blu-grand-mini-techskin-gold-carbon-fiber-skin-36.gif BLU Grand Mini TechSkin Gold Carbon Fiber Skin. itemId=sk31833-grand-mini-phone-pink-carbon-protector|~|priceRange=1|~|color=|~|size=|~|orderable=T|~|call-to-order=|~|call-for-price=|~|hasOptions=F|~|isOrganic=F|~|isNew=F|~|bestseller=|~|name=BLU Grand Mini TechSkin Pink Carbon Fiber Skin|~|brand=|~|rating=0|~|ratingCount=0|~|price=15.95|~|priceReg=15.95|~|priceSale=|~|image=https://sep.yimg.com/ay/yhst-38148694942392/blu-grand-mini-techskin-pink-carbon-fiber-skin-36.gif BLU Grand Mini TechSkin Pink Carbon Fiber Skin. itemId=sk31834-grand-mini-phone-dark-wood-protector|~|priceRange=1|~|color=|~|size=|~|orderable=T|~|call-to-order=|~|call-for-price=|~|hasOptions=F|~|isOrganic=F|~|isNew=F|~|bestseller=|~|name=BLU Grand Mini TechSkin Dark Wood Skin|~|brand=|~|rating=0|~|ratingCount=0|~|price=15.95|~|priceReg=15.95|~|priceSale=|~|image=https://sep.yimg.com/ay/yhst-38148694942392/blu-grand-mini-techskin-dark-wood-skin-36.gif BLU Grand Mini TechSkin Dark Wood Skin. itemId=sk31835-grand-mini-phone-light-wood-protector|~|priceRange=1|~|color=|~|size=|~|orderable=T|~|call-to-order=|~|call-for-price=|~|hasOptions=F|~|isOrganic=F|~|isNew=F|~|bestseller=|~|name=BLU Grand Mini TechSkin Light Wood Skin|~|brand=|~|rating=0|~|ratingCount=0|~|price=15.95|~|priceReg=15.95|~|priceSale=|~|image=https://sep.yimg.com/ay/yhst-38148694942392/blu-grand-mini-techskin-light-wood-skin-36.gif BLU Grand Mini TechSkin Light Wood Skin. itemId=sk31836-grand-mini-phone-brushed-steel-protector|~|priceRange=1|~|color=|~|size=|~|orderable=T|~|call-to-order=|~|call-for-price=|~|hasOptions=F|~|isOrganic=F|~|isNew=F|~|bestseller=|~|name=BLU Grand Mini TechSkin Brushed Steel Skin|~|brand=|~|rating=0|~|ratingCount=0|~|price=15.95|~|priceReg=15.95|~|priceSale=|~|image=https://sep.yimg.com/ay/yhst-38148694942392/blu-grand-mini-techskin-brushed-steel-skin-36.gif BLU Grand Mini TechSkin Brushed Steel Skin. itemId=sk31837-grand-mini-phone-brushed-aluminum-protector|~|priceRange=1|~|color=|~|size=|~|orderable=T|~|call-to-order=|~|call-for-price=|~|hasOptions=F|~|isOrganic=F|~|isNew=F|~|bestseller=|~|name=BLU Grand Mini TechSkin Brushed Aluminum Skin|~|brand=|~|rating=0|~|ratingCount=0|~|price=15.95|~|priceReg=15.95|~|priceSale=|~|image=https://sep.yimg.com/ay/yhst-38148694942392/blu-grand-mini-techskin-brushed-aluminum-skin-36.gif BLU Grand Mini TechSkin Brushed Aluminum Skin. itemId=sk31828-matte-grand-mini-phone-screen-protector|~|priceRange=1|~|color=|~|size=|~|orderable=T|~|call-to-order=|~|call-for-price=|~|hasOptions=F|~|isOrganic=F|~|isNew=F|~|bestseller=|~|name=BLU Grand Mini MatteSkin Screen Protector|~|brand=|~|rating=0|~|ratingCount=0|~|price=7.85|~|priceReg=7.85|~|priceSale=|~|image=https://sep.yimg.com/ay/yhst-38148694942392/blu-grand-mini-matteskin-screen-protector-30.gif BLU Grand Mini MatteSkin Screen Protector. itemId=sk31829-matte-grand-mini-phone-skin-protector|~|priceRange=1|~|color=|~|size=|~|orderable=T|~|call-to-order=|~|call-for-price=|~|hasOptions=F|~|isOrganic=F|~|isNew=F|~|bestseller=|~|name=BLU Grand Mini MatteSkin Full Body Skin Protector|~|brand=|~|rating=0|~|ratingCount=0|~|price=15.95|~|priceReg=15.95|~|priceSale=|~|image=https://sep.yimg.com/ay/yhst-38148694942392/blu-grand-mini-matteskin-full-body-skin-protector-30.gif BLU Grand Mini MatteSkin Full Body Skin Protector. Our Latest Designs: Nokia Lumia 635/630 , LG G2 Mini , Samsung Gear Live , LG G Watch , Pantech Vybe , Alacatel OneTouch POP 7 , Samsung Galaxy Tab S 10.5 , Samsung Galaxy Tab S 8.4 , OnePlus One , Microsoft Surface Pro 3 , Kyocera Hydro Icon. Cell Phones Tablets & E-Readers MP3 Players Gaming Devices Wrist Watches Digital Cameras GPS Laptops Mice & Keyboards Miscellaneous Devices Carbon Fiber Skins Natural Wood Skins Brushed Metal Skins TECH GLASS iPhone X Google Pixel 2 Google Pixel 2 XL Galaxy S8 Plus (S8+) Galaxy S8 Fire 7 (2017, Kids Edition Compatible) Nintendo Switch ZTE Quartz (SmartWatch) HTC U11 Fitbit Blaze LG G6 Apple iPhone 7 Plus Fitbit Charge 2 Garmin Vivoactive HR iPad Pro 12.9 (2017) Fitbit Alta HR Apple iPad (9.7",2017) Samsung Gear S3 Frontier (SM-R760,46mm) LG V20 Samsung Galaxy S7 Blackberry KEYone BlackBerry DTEK50 Apple Watch 42mm Series 2 Apple Watch Series 2 38mm OnePlus 5 Galaxy J7 (2017, US Version) Moto Z2 Play Samsung Galaxy J5 (2017) Huawei Watch 2 Sport Garmin Fenix 5x. Please Select Acer Aiptek Airo Wireless Altek Amazon Alcatel Apple Archos Arnova Asus Audiovox Barnes And Noble BenQ Siemens BlackBerry Canon Casio Cisco Creative Cricket Danger Hiptop Dell DigiLife D-Link DoCoMo Epson Eten Flip Fujifilm Garmin GE General Mobile Gigabyte Gigaware Glofiish Handspring Hasselblad Helio HP HTC Huawei iFOE i-Mate INQ JVC Kobo Kodak Konica Kyocera Latte Leica Lenovo LG Magellan Microsoft Mio Motorola MSI Nikon Nintendo Nokia O2 Olympus Openmoko Orange Palm Panasonic PanDigital Pantech Pentax Pocket PC Polaroid Qwest Ricoh Samsung Sanyo Saygus Sealife Sharp Siemens SK Telesys Sky Slacker Sony Sony Ericsson Terrestar Toshiba UTStarcom Velocity Micro Vertu Verzo ViewBook ViewSonic Vizio Uncategorized ZTE. Join Our Mailing List & Stay Up-to-Date. Get Exclusive Offers & New Product Updates.. Website design by Solid Cactus. 
BLU Grand Mini - user opinions and reviews. Anonymous, 15 Aug 2017 Looks like a phone manufactured in 2013. APPLE iphone 7 has 1960 mAh in 2017 and "high specs" that eats battery life quik, this has low specs, so this has 460 mAh less so whats your point here?. Looks like a phone manufactured in 2013.. Total of 5 user reviews and opinions for BLU Grand Mini .. Samsung Apple Nokia Sony LG HTC Motorola Huawei Microsoft Lenovo Xiaomi Google Acer Asus Oppo OnePlus Meizu BlackBerry Alcatel ZTE Toshiba Vodafone Energizer XOLO Lava Micromax BLU Gionee vivo LeEco Panasonic HP YU verykool Maxwest Plum. BLU Studio G Mini Samsung Galaxy J3 (2016) BLU Studio J1 BLU Vivo 5 Mini. BLU Vivo X BLU Vivo 8 BLU Vivo One BLU Vivo XL BLU Vivo 5 BLU Life One X3. 
BLU Grand Mini Price in Thailand with Release date, Specs. 132mm hight 66mm with 8.6mm thikness Weight 132 grams. Media MT6570 Chipset, Dual-core 1.3 GHz Cortex-A7 Mali 400 GPU. 8GB Storage, 512MB RAM, Expendable vai. Li-po 1500 mAh batter y Standby time 900 Hours, and talk time 20 Hours on 2G and 15 hours on 3G. Geo-tagging, touch focus, face detection , LED flash. Wi-Fi 802.11 a/b/g/n/ Wi-Fi Direct, Wi-Fi hotspot. GPS with AGP support, MP4/H.264 player. - Document viewer - Photo/video editor. Comes with 4.5 inches IPS Display,. Android OS, v6.0 (Marshmallow) , 5MP rear and 2MP front Camera with flash light, 8GB internal Storage while 512MB RAM. The processor is Dual -core 1.3 GHz Cortex-A7. chipset and Li-po 1500 mAh battery.. The Android phone provides the great experience with Mali400 graphic processor unit and Optional expandable memory with micro SD card Support up to 64GB. It has features accelerometer and 48 0 x 854. The mobile Phone has batter performance 5MP back Camera with videos rec,. The android devices powered by large 1500 mAh Battery Life with 15 hours Talk time on 3G.. smartphone accepted the Mini and micro SIM and include Wi-Fi, HSDPA, GSM, GPS, and Bluetooth Connectivity options with Proximit and Accelerometer.. GSM 850, 900, 1800 and 1900 Dual SIM 3G. HSDPA 850 / 1700(AWS) / 1900 / 2100. GPRS C lass 12 ,. IPS LCD Capacitive touch screen 16 million colors 4.5 Inches 480 x 854 pixels, multitouch with. BLU Grand Mini Price 2018 Thailand The Price update on daily bases from the local market shops/Showrooms. The price stated above is valid all over Papuler Citys Samut Prakan, Bangkok, Mueang Nonthaburi Thailand. This product is usual available without warranty. We can not guarantee that the information and price 100% correct on this page. Always visit your local mobile phone shop and Smartphone Showroom to exact price & Info or If you find any error/mistake in this page. please send massage by contact us page.. Iâm interested in purchasing this phone.. Disclaimer:Latest Mobile Prices are daily updates from Thailand Local Mobile Phone market but we can not guarantee that the information (Prices) on this page is 100% correct (Human error is possible).Latest mobile prices Thailand and detailed Specifications, The latest launched Cell Phones are priced on the basis of international offerings without including shipment costs and taxes.If you think that any information for the current phone is wrong or missing, please contact us.. © Copyrights by Mobile with prices. 
Welcome, visitor! [ Register | Login ]. * Search Rom - Gapps-Tools-Tuto - OTHERS ACER Advan Alcatel Allview Archos Asus Avvio Azumi Blackview Blu BLUBOO Cherry Mobile Condor COOLPAD. CUBOT DEXP DOOGEE Elephone Evercoss FLY GFIVE GIONEE HAIER HDC Hisense HTC HUAWEI InnJoo Intex JIAYU Karbonn. Landvo LAVA Leagoo LeEco LENOVO LG M-Horse Meizu MICROMAX MOTOROLA OPPO ORRO Oukitel Prestigio QMobile Real 1:1 SAMSUNG. SONY ERICSSON Spreadtrum Symphony TCL THL Ulefone Umidigi Verykool VIVO Vkworld Walton X-BO XIAOMI XOLO XTOUCH ZOPO ZTE. Home » Blu »BLU Grand Mini. You must be logged for ROM download.. Overall Rating : 0. BLU Grand Mini –ROM Android 6.0. No Rooted Language support : Multilang. Install ROM : - Unpack FlashTools, and Click on Flash_tool.exe - Select "scatter-Loading"and search MT6570_Android_scatter.txt in ROM - Wait file to be added into Flash Tool - Select "Download Only"or if upgrade "Firmware upgrade" - Turn off your phone, remove the battery (if the battery is removable) and replace it after some seconds (and don't turn on the phone). - Press “Download”button to start - and connect your phone into the computer via USB data cable. - The process will start and a red progress bar will appear after color purple, yellow. - And green circles display - Finish ! - You can now safely disconnect your phone and turn it on.. ※Please make a backup of your device before installing or updating ROM. You must be logged in to post a comment.. 
Fecha de lanzamiento Julio de 2017. Sistema operativo Android 6.0 Marshmallow. Tamaño 4.5 pulgadas 574 Resolución 480 x 854 px Densidad 218 ppi (pixeles por pulgada) 91. Primaria 5 MP 461 (2592 x 1944 px) Secundaria 2 MP 339 (1600 x 1200 px). Capacidad 1500 mAh 180. SoC MediaTek MT6570 Memoria RAM 0.5 GB 241 Almacenamiento interno 8 GB 7. Material constructivo Materiales utilizados en la construcción del dispositivo. Micro-SIM (3FF - third form factor, since 2003, 15.00 x 12.00 x 0.76 mm). Doble SIM en reposo (cuando una esté ocupada la otra no estará activa). UMTS 850 MHz UMTS 1700/2100 MHz UMTS 1900 MHz UMTS 2100 MHz. GSM 850 MHz GSM 900 MHz GSM 1800 MHz GSM 1900 MHz. UMTS (384 kbit/s ) EDGE GPRS HSPA+ (HSUPA 5.76 Mbit/s , HSDPA 21 Mbit/s ). SoC System-on-a-chip o SoC (sistema en chip, también referido como system-on-chip). Almacenamiento interno Algunos modelos de dispositivos pueden ofrecer diferentes cantidades de memoria interna. 5 V (volts) / 1 A (amps). Área de la pantalla Porcentaje del área frontal total del dispositivo ocupado por la pantalla. Proporción Relación existente entre el alto y el ancho del dispositivo. Disparador continuo Zoom digital Geo-etiquetado Permite almacenar en las fotos tomadas su ubicación geográfica. Panorama HDR Detector de rostros White balance settings ISO settings Exposure compensation Temporizador Scene mode. 802.11b (IEEE 802.11b-1999) 802.11g (IEEE 802.11g-2003) 802.11n (IEEE 802.11n-2009) Wi-Fi Hotspot. Sincronización con la computadora OTA sync Anclaje a red (tethering). AAC (Advanced Audio Coding) AMR / AMR-NB / GSM-AMR (Adaptive Multi-Rate, .amr, .3ga) eAAC+ / aacPlus v2 / HE-AAC v2 FLAC (Free Lossless Audio Codec, .flac) MIDI MP3 (MPEG-2 Audio Layer II, .mp3) OGG (.ogg, .ogv, .oga, .ogx, .spx, .opus) WMA (Windows Media Audio, .wma) WAV (Waveform Audio File Format, .wav, .wave). 3GPP (3rd Generation Partnership Project, .3gp) AVI (Audio Video Interleaved, .avi) MP4 (MPEG-4 Part 14, .mp4, .m4a, .m4p, .m4b, .m4r, .m4v) Xvid. La información en este sitio web se proporciona "tal cual como base disponible", sin garantía de ningún tipo. DE CARACTERISTICAS no se hace responsable de las omisiones, imprecisiones u otros errores en la información que publica. Todas las garantías con respecto a esta información se renuncia. Está prohibida la reproducción de cualquier parte de esta página web en su totalidad o en parte o en cualquier forma o medio sin el consentimiento previo por escrito. Las marcas registradas, marcas y logotipos de los fabricantes de dispositivos, software, hardware, etc. son propiedad de sus respectivos dueños.. 
MENU NEW PHONES 2018 BEST PHONES NETWORKS PHONES BY CATEGORY PHONE CHOOSER. Most Popular The Best Phones In 2018 New & Upcoming 2018 Phones in Pictures Confused? Let us find your 5 best phones By Mobile Network AT&T Sprint T-Mobile Verizon Wireless All U.S. Networks Canada Networks UK Networks Cell Phones Samsung LG HTC Smartphones BLU Sony Google Nokia Motorola BlackBerry Alcatel ZTE Apple (iPhone) Kyocera Huawei Lenovo Micromax Oppo Acer Asus (+) Much more brands... 5 Additional Pictures Pros And Cons Best Phones As Of February 2018 (12 Categories) See New BLU Phones 2018 In Pictures. Key Specs Processing features dual-core 1.3GHz MediaTek 6570 (RAM: 512MB) Display details 854 x 480 4.5-inch screen Imaging Main/back: 5-megapixel , Frontal (Selfies): 2-megapixel , Video: 1280 x 720-pixel resolution (30 frames per second) Release date Jul 31, 2017 Camera Details Camera Resolution 5-megapixel Max Video Resolution 1280 x 720 px Video frames per second 30 SELFIE CAMERA Selfie Cam Resolution 2-megapixel Display Display size 4.5 inches Display dots per inch 218 DPI Color Mode 16777216 colors Multi-touch screen Yes Touch-Screen Capacitive Display Resolution 854 x 480 px Display's superficy 8.62 square inches Display's superficy (metric) 218.95 square mm Display total pixels 409920 Processing Power Operating System Android 6.0 Marshmallow Processor MediaTek 6570 CPU Cores 2 Processor Speed 1.3GHz RAM 512MB Graphic Processor (GPU) Mali-400 Physical Features Weight (grams) 132 g Thickness (metric) 8.6 mm Width (metric) 66 mm Height (metric) 132 mm Grams per cubic cm 0.18 g/cu cm Headset Jack 3.5mm Available colors Glossy Black Gold Silver Rose Gold Included Accessories Headphones Protective case Screen protector Connectivity Base technology GSM 850/900/1800/1900MHz 3G Networks HSPA+ (21Mbps) 850/1700/1900/2100MHz SIM card type MicroSIM (Dual) Wi-Fi 802.11 b/g/n Bluetooth Technology 4.0 USB class 2.0 Mobile hotspot Yes A2DP Yes Connectors MicroUSB Storage Memory Memory 8GB Memory Expansion MicroSD Expansion Limit Up to 64GB Battery Life Battery type Lithium polymer Battery Power 1500mAh mAh per gram 11 mAh/g mAh per mm thick 174 mAh/mm of thickness mAh per display square in. Other features UPC code 848958031758 Finish Painted plastic. This model (AKA SM-G892A) keeps the infinity display (encompassing the whole face), introduced with the GS8, with a size of 5.8 inches and a resolution of 2960 x 1440 pixels resulting in a 577DPI fineness, which should be suitable for use as a VR phone, and it protects itself from water- and dust-induced damage and is shock-resistant, securing an IP68 rating and certification from MIL-STD-810G testing. That being said, it shines with premium hardware specs -- namely, 4GB of RAM, an eight-core processor, and a 2.35GHz max CPU clock speed.. Without any flashy specs to brag about, the Grand Mini keeps a humble profile with a 1500mAh battery, a 5-megapixel main camera, and a dual-core 1.3GHz processor. Know more about this budget phone by visiting its pros and cons page. View all the newest BLU phones.. You Should Also Be Interested In These:. * We cannot guarantee that these specs are accurate. We urge you to do a confirmation of the key specs before making a final choice. Cell phone manufacturers sometimes omit certain functions, making it difficult for us to guess whether or not a specific cell phone has a specific function. If you find an error in this list of features, please let us know as soon as possible.. Don't Be Selfish & Let Others Know... * Prices shown are only indicative. They were recently fetched by our system and may have changed meanwhile.. 
Select the department you want to search in. Sign in Account & Lists Sign in Account & Lists Orders Try Prime Cart. Your Amazon.com Today's Deals Gift Cards Registry Sell Help Disability Customer Support. Cell Phones & Accessories Carrier Phones Unlocked Phones Prime Exclusive Phones Accessories Cases Wearable Technology Best Sellers Deals Trade-In All Electronics. 1-24 of 141 results for Cell Phones & Accessories : Cases, Holsters & Clips : Cases :. "cell phone case for blu Grand Mini". "cell phone case for blu Grand Mini". BLU Advance 5.5 HD Case, BLU Grand 5.5 HD Case, Harryshell Lightweight Slim Thin Tpu Gel Skin Flexible Soft Rubber Protective Case Cover for BLU Advance 5.5 HD (A070U) / Grand 5.5 HD G030U (A-5). Hybrid Touch Screen Waterproof Dry Bag Case for BLU Studio Selfie / J5 / Life One X2 Mini / Dash L3 / Grand M / Tank Xtreme 4.0 2.4 + Vangoddy Earphone. Only 2 left in stock - order soon.. VanGoddy Cross Stitched Design Holster for BLU Smartphones 5" to 5.5in. Only 1 left in stock - order soon.. Mini PU Leather Touch Screen Window Wallet Case for BLU Dash L3 / Grand M / Studio J5 / Tank Xtreme 4.0 / Alcatel A3 / U5 / Asus Zenfone Live 5" + Vangoddy Earbud (Green / Green). Only 1 left in stock - order soon.. Premium Sports Activity Waist Pack Pocket Belt for BLU Vivo XL, Vivo 5, Vivo 6, Pure XR, Life One X3, Dash L4 LTE,R2 Plus, GRAND 5.5 HD II, Vivo 8L (Black) + MND Mini Stylus. VanGoddy Puru Rose Pink Crossbody Cell Phone Wallet Clutch Suitable for Up To 6.4inch BLU Neo / Vivo / Studio / Life / Dash / Energy / Advance / Tank / Grand. Vangoddy Trendy Touch Screen Crossbody Bag Carrying Case for Iphone 7 Plus / Iphone 6s Plus / BLU Dash XL / Vivo XL / Pure XL / Grand 5.5 HD / Life Max / One XL / Energy X Plus 2 (Black). Only 2 left in stock - order soon.. SumacLife Jet Black Rotatable Cell Phone Holster Pouch for BLU Smartphones 5.5" - 6.25in. Universal T-Clear Waterproof Case Pouch Bag (with Lanyard) for BLU Vivo 8,Life One X3,R2 Plus,Grand XL LTE, S1, R2 LTE, R2, Tank Xtreme Pro 5.0, R1 Plus, Dash L3 + MND Mini Stylus. Premium Sports Activity Waist Pack Pocket Belt for BLU Vivo 8, Grand XL LTE, S1, R2 LTE, R2, Tank Xtreme Pro, R1 Plus,Tank Xtreme 5.0, Dash L3 (Black) + MND Mini Stylus. Waterproof Sports Lightning Case Bag Pouch (with Lanyard) for BLU Vivo XL, Vivo 5, Vivo 6, Pure XR, Life One X3, Dash L4 LTE,R2 Plus, GRAND 5.5 HD II, Vivo 8L (Light Blue) + MND Mini Stylus. Premium Large Size Sport Armband Case for BLU Vivo XL, Vivo 5, Grand 5.5 HD, Acer Liquid Zest Plus, Lenovo Vibe X3 - Dark Blue + MND Mini Stylus. Heavy Duty Canvas Sports Activity Waist Pack Pocket Belt for BLU Vivo 8,Life One X3,R2 Plus,Grand XL LTE, S1, R2 LTE, R2, Tank Xtreme Pro 5.0, R1 Plus, Dash L3 (Desert Camo) + MND Mini Stylus. Heavy Duty Canvas Sports Activity Waist Pack Pocket Belt for BLU Vivo 8, Grand XL LTE, S1, R2 LTE, R2, Tank Xtreme Pro, R1 Plus,Tank Xtreme 5.0, Dash L3 (Black) + MND Mini Stylus. Heavy Duty Canvas Sports Activity Waist Pack Pocket Belt for BLU Vivo XL, Vivo 5, Vivo 6, Pure XR, Life One X3, Dash L4 LTE,R2 Plus, GRAND 5.5 HD II, Vivo 8L (Black) + MND Mini Stylus. Kroo Clutch Wristlet Wallet for Smartphones up to 5.7-Inch - Retail Packaging - Black. FREE Shipping on eligible orders and 3 more promotions. 5% off purchase of 2 items 5% off purchase of 5 items 5% off purchase of 3 items See Details. BLU Grand Mini Leather Pouch, HJ Power[TM] For BLU Grand Mini (Unlocked)--CT2 Leather PU WALLET POUCH White Pink. Cell Accessories For Less (TM) Cellet Car Air Vent Mini Cell Phone Holder Black for BLU Grand Max Bundle (Stylus & Micro Cleaning Cloth) - By TheTargetBuys. by Cell Accessories For Less (TM). Cell Accessories For Less (TM) Cellet Car Air Vent Mini Cell Phone Holder Black for BLU Grand Energy Bundle (Stylus & Micro Cleaning Cloth) - By TheTargetBuys. by Cell Accessories For Less (TM). Cell Accessories For Less (TM) Cellet Car Air Vent Mini Cell Phone Holder Black for BLU Grand X Bundle (Stylus & Micro Cleaning Cloth) - By TheTargetBuys. by Cell Accessories For Less (TM). Cell Accessories For Less (TM) Cellet Car Air Vent Mini Cell Phone Holder Black for BLU Grand M Bundle (Stylus & Micro Cleaning Cloth) - By TheTargetBuys. by Cell Accessories For Less (TM). Cell Accessories For Less (TM) Black Mini Stylus Pen with Dust Cap For Cell Phones Smartphones Tablets for BLU Grand M Bundle (Stylus & Micro Cleaning Cloth) - By TheTargetBuys. by Cell Accessories For Less (TM). Cell Accessories For Less (TM) Black Portable Mini Smartphone Spotlight for BLU Grand Energy Bundle (Stylus & Micro Cleaning Cloth) - By TheTargetBuys. by Cell Accessories For Less (TM). Cell Accessories For Less (TM) Black Portable Mini Smartphone Spotlight for BLU Grand X Bundle (Stylus & Micro Cleaning Cloth) - By TheTargetBuys. by Cell Accessories For Less (TM). 4 Stars & Up & Up. 3 Stars & Up & Up. 2 Stars & Up & Up. 1 Star & Up & Up. All customers get FREE Shipping on orders over $25 shipped by Amazon. There's a problem loading this menu right now.. Get fast, free shipping with Amazon Prime. Prime members enjoy FREE Two-Day Shipping and exclusive access to music, movies, TV shows, original audio series, and Kindle books.. Careers About Amazon Investor Relations Amazon Devices. Sell on Amazon Sell Your Services on Amazon Sell on Amazon Business Sell Your Apps on Amazon Become an Affiliate Advertise Your Products Self-Publish with Us › See all. Amazon Rewards Visa Signature Cards Amazon.com Store Card Amazon.com Corporate Credit Line Shop with Points Credit Card Marketplace Reload Your Balance Amazon Currency Converter. Your Account Your Orders Shipping Rates & Policies Amazon Prime Returns & Replacements Manage Your Content and Devices Amazon Assistant Help. Amazon Music Stream millions of songs. Amazon Drive Cloud storage from Amazon. 6pm Score deals on fashion brands. AbeBooks Books, art & collectibles. ACX Audiobook Publishing Made Easy. Alexa Actionable Analytics for the Web. Amazon Business Everything For Your Business. AmazonFresh Groceries & More Right To Your Door. AmazonGlobal Ship Orders Internationally. Home Services Handpicked Pros Happiness Guarantee. Amazon Inspire Digital Educational Resources. Amazon Rapids Fun stories for kids on the go. Amazon Restaurants Food delivery from local restaurants. Amazon Video Direct Video Distribution Made Easy. Amazon Web Services Scalable Cloud Computing Services. Audible Download Audio Books. AudiobookStand Discount Audiobooks on Disc. Book Depository Books With Free Delivery Worldwide. Box Office Mojo Find Movie Box Office Data. ComiXology Thousands of Digital Comics. CreateSpace Indie Print Publishing Made Easy. DPReview Digital Photography. East Dane Designer Men's Fashion. Fabric Sewing, Quilting & Knitting. Goodreads Book reviews & recommendations. IMDb Movies, TV & Celebrities. IMDbPro Get Info Entertainment Professionals Need. Junglee.com Shop Online in India. Kindle Direct Publishing Indie Digital Publishing Made Easy. Prime Now FREE 2-Hour Delivery on Everyday Items. Prime Photos Unlimited Photo Storage Free With Prime. Shopbop Designer Fashion Brands. TenMarks.com Math Activities for Kids & Schools. Warehouse Deals Open-Box Discounts. Whole Foods Market America’s Healthiest Grocery Store. Withoutabox Submit to Film Festivals. Woot! Deals and Shenanigans. Zappos Shoes & Clothing. Souq.com Shop Online in the Middle East. Subscribe with Amazon Discover & try subscription services. Conditions of Use Privacy Notice Interest-Based Ads © 1996-2018, Amazon.com, Inc. 
We are unable to process your last request.. Rest assured we are working diligently to resolve this issue. If you would like to place an order by phone or speak with one of our Customer Service representatives please contact us:. Copyright © 2012 by Office Depot, Inc. 
GSMchoice: 305 brands. A D V E R T I S E M E N T. Samsung Huawei LG Nokia Alcatel ZTE Sony Prestigio Asus Lenovo BLU Motorola HTC Sharp Coolpad Xiaomi Sony Ericsson Doogee Fly Oppo Honor i-mobile Intex Apple myPhone Panasonic Vivo Wiko Kyocera Micromax. Data Gallery Tests News Pictures Opinions Questions To your site. BLU 5.0 HD LTE BLU Advance 4.0 BLU Advance 4.0 L BLU Advance 4.0 L2 BLU Advance 4.0 L3 BLU Advance 4.0 M BLU Advance 4.5 BLU Advance A5 BLU Advance A5 LTE BLU Advance A5 Plus LTE BLU Amour BLU Brilliant T400 BLU Brilliant T410 BLU C5 BLU C5 LTE BLU Click T300 BLU Click T310 BLU Cubo Q300 BLU Cubo Q310 BLU Dash BLU Dash 3.5 D160 BLU Dash 3.5 D170 BLU Dash 3.5 D171a BLU Dash 3.5 II BLU Dash 4.0 D270a BLU Dash 4.0 D270i BLU Dash 4.0 D271a BLU Dash 4.0 D271i BLU Dash 4.5 BLU Dash 4.5 D310a BLU Dash 4.5 D310i BLU Dash 5.0 D410a BLU Dash 5.0 D410i BLU Dash 5.0+ BLU Dash 5.5 BLU Dash C Music BLU Dash G BLU Dash JR 3G BLU Dash Jr 4.0 K BLU Dash JR D140 BLU Dash JR D142 BLU Dash JR K BLU Dash JR TV BLU Dash L BLU Dash L2 BLU Dash L3 BLU Dash L3 8G BLU Dash L4 LTE BLU Dash L5 LTE BLU Dash M BLU Dash M2 BLU Dash Music 4.0 D272a BLU Dash Music 4.0 D272i BLU Dash Music JR BLU Dash X BLU Dash X2 BLU Dash XL BLU Dash X LTE BLU Dash X Plus BLU Dash X Plus LTE BLU Deco BLU Deejay T200 BLU Deejay T210 BLU Diamond M BLU Disco2Go II BLU Diva BLU Diva X BLU Dual SIM Lite BLU Energy Diamond BLU Energy Diamond Mini BLU Energy JR BLU Energy M BLU Energy X BLU Energy X 2 BLU Energy XL BLU Energy X LTE BLU Energy X Plus BLU Energy X Plus 2 BLU Ez2Go BLU Flash BLU Gol BLU Grand 5.5 HD BLU Grand 5.5 HD II BLU Grand Energy BLU Grand M BLU Grand M2 BLU Grand M2 LTE BLU Grand Max BLU Grand Mini BLU Grand X BLU Grand XL BLU Grand XL LTE BLU Grand X LTE BLU Janet BLU Janet L BLU Jenny II BLU Jenny T162 BLU Jenny T172 BLU Jenny TV 2.8 BLU Kick BLU Life 8 BLU Life 8 XL BLU Life Mark BLU Life Max BLU Life One BLU Life One LTE BLU Life One M BLU Life One X BLU Life One X2 BLU Life One X2 Mini BLU Life One X3 BLU Life One X 2016 BLU Life One XL BLU Life Play BLU Life Play 2 BLU Life Play mini BLU Life Play S BLU Life Play X BLU Life Pro BLU Life Pure BLU Life Pure mini BLU Life Pure XL BLU Life View BLU Life X8 BLU Life XL 3G BLU Life XL 4G BLU Magic 2 BLU Neo 3.5 BLU Neo 4.5 BLU Neo Energy Mini BLU Neo S220 BLU Neo S230 BLU Neo X BLU Neo X2 BLU Neo XL BLU Neo X LTE BLU Neo X Mini BLU Neo X Plus BLU Neo XT S280 BLU Neo XT S290 BLU Pure View BLU Pure XL BLU Pure XR BLU Quattro 4.5 BLU Quattro 4.5 HD BLU Quattro 5.7 HD BLU R1 HD BLU R1 Plus BLU R2 BLU R2 LTE BLU R2 Plus BLU S1 BLU Samba BLU Samba Mini Q200 BLU Samba Mini Q210 BLU Samba W BLU Selfie BLU Slim TV BLU Smart BLU Spark BLU Speed Q400 BLU Speed Q410 BLU Sport 4.5 BLU Star 4.5 BLU Star 4.5 Design Edition BLU Studio 5.0 BLU Studio 5.0 C BLU Studio 5.0 CE BLU Studio 5.0 C HD BLU Studio 5.0 HD LTE BLU Studio 5.0 II BLU Studio 5.0 K BLU Studio 5.0 LTE BLU Studio 5.0 S BLU Studio 5.0 S II BLU Studio 5.3 D500 BLU Studio 5.3 D510 BLU Studio 5.3 S BLU Studio 5.5 BLU Studio 5.5 C BLU Studio 5.5 HD BLU Studio 5.5 K BLU Studio 5.5S BLU Studio 6.0 HD BLU Studio 6.0 LTE BLU Studio 7.0 BLU Studio 7.0 II BLU Studio 7.0 LTE BLU Studio C BLU Studio C 5+5 BLU Studio C 5+5 LTE BLU Studio C 8+8 BLU Studio C 8+8 LTE BLU Studio C HD BLU Studio C mini BLU Studio C Super Camera BLU Studio Energy BLU Studio Energy 2 BLU Studio G BLU Studio G2 BLU Studio G2 HD BLU Studio G3 BLU Studio G HD BLU Studio G HD LTE BLU Studio G LTE BLU Studio G Max BLU Studio G Mini BLU Studio G Plus BLU Studio G Plus HD BLU Studio J1 BLU Studio J5 BLU Studio J8 BLU Studio J8 LTE BLU Studio J8M LTE BLU Studio Max BLU Studio Mega BLU Studio M HD BLU Studio Mini LTE BLU Studio M LTE BLU Studio One BLU Studio One Plus BLU Studio Pro BLU Studio Selfie BLU Studio Selfie 2 BLU Studio Selfie 3 BLU Studio Selfie LTE BLU Studio Touch BLU Studio View XL BLU Studio X 5 BLU Studio X 6 BLU Studio X8 HD BLU Studio XL BLU Studio XL 2 BLU Studio XL LTE BLU Studio X Mini BLU Studio X Plus BLU Studo J2 BLU Tango BLU Tank 4.5 BLU Tank T180 BLU Tank T190 BLU Tank Xtreme 2.4 BLU Tank Xtreme 4.0 BLU Tank Xtreme 5.0 BLU Tank Xtreme Pro BLU Tattoo BLU Tattoo TV BLU Texting2Go BLU TV2Go BLU TV2Go Lite BLU Vida1 BLU Vivo 4.3 BLU Vivo 4.8 HD D940a BLU Vivo 4.8 HD D940i BLU Vivo 5 BLU Vivo 5 Mini BLU Vivo 5R BLU Vivo 6 BLU Vivo 8 BLU Vivo 8L BLU Vivo Air BLU Vivo Air LTE BLU Vivo IV BLU Vivo One BLU Vivo Selfie BLU Vivo X BLU Vivo XL BLU Vivo XL 2 BLU Win HD BLU Win HD LTE BLU Win JR BLU Win JR LTE BLU Z3 BLU Zoey BLU Zoey 2.4 3G BLU Zoey 3G BLU Zoey II. Dimensions (W x H x D). 132.00 x 66.00 x 8.60 mm. Color / TFT 16M colors 480 x 854 px. microSD, microSDHC, microSDXC (up to 64 GB). MediaTek MT6570 Processor clock: 1.30 GHz Number of cores: 2. A D V E R T I S E M E N T. If you want to add standard information about this phone to your site please - click here !. A D V E R T I S E M E N T. Popularity chart of BLU Grand Mini. We do our best to present the proper and current information on this page. However, in case of finding any error in the data above please. Sorry, there are no opinions yet.. © 2005 - 2018 PIK Sp. MWC18: Samsung finally reveals the premiere flagships ». MWC18: HMD Global and a lot of new Nokias – including the iconic “banana” ». MWC18: LG presents the LG V30S ThinQ model with artificial intelligence ». MWC18: Three series of Alcatel smartphones - the first launch in Barcelona ». MWC18: Huawei, a genius laptop and multimedia tablets ». Samsung Galaxy S9/S9+ Unpacked - where and how to watch? All Rights Reserved by PIK Sp. Your IP 162.158.179.32 Engine & layout by InterData. 
BLU Grand Mini Price In USA , And Full Specifications. Rating: 0 / 5. Retail Price of blu grand mini in USA is $ 55. BLU Grand Mini comes with Android 6.0 (Marshmallow) OS, 4.5. inches IPS LCD capacitive touchscreen, 16M colors and 480 x 854 pixels resolution + 2018 ppi pixel density,. It has Black, Rose Gold, Silver, Gold color, Dual SIM Slot supports 2G and 3G network.. The smartphone has 5MP rear camera having geo-tagging, touch focus, face detection and 2MP front camera.. BLU Grand Mini has Dual-core 1.3 GHz processor, Mediatek MT6570. It has 512 MB RAM and 8GB internal Storage, microSD, up to 64 GB card slot. It brings Bluetooth 4.0, A2DP + microUSB 2.0 and 3.5 mm Audio jack.. Here is 1500mAh battery but no. 132 x 66 x 8.6 mm (5.20 x 2.60 x 0.34 in). IPS LCD capacitive touchscreen, 16M colors. GSM 850 / 900 / 1800 / 1900 - SIM 1 & SIM 2. HSDPA 850 / 1700(AWS) / 1900 / 2100 - G170Q. Wi-Fi 802.11 b/g/n, Wi-Fi Direct, hotspot. Read All User Comments Post Your Opinion. Best Price of BLU Grand Mini in USA is USD 55 (US$55) , All Prices updated on daily bases from the local market shops/Showrooms or price list provided by the main dealers of BLU in USA we are trying to deliver possible best Price of BLU Grand Mini in USA and Full specifications, But we can’t grantee the Price and Specifications are 100% correct on this page (human error is possible). All prices mentioned on this page are in USD and valid all over the USA including New York, California, Texas Slight deviations are expected, you can check detailed specifications and price online on mobile57 before making a decision to buy BLU Grand Mini from online store or local shops.. If you find any error in rates or specs or have any suggestion to makes better this website please send us a massage by contact us page.. Disclaimer: We are trying to provid latest Mobile Phone prices in USA and Specs, but we cannot guarantee. The latest launched Cell Phones are priced on the basis of international offerings without including shipment costs and taxes.. © Copyrights by Mobile57 2011 to 2018. 
Hi ( Sign in to bid or buy) Daily Deals Gift Cards Help & Contact Sell. Summary Recently Viewed Bids/Offers Watch List Purchase History Selling Saved Searches Saved Sellers Messages. People who viewed this item also viewed. 5 Inch Android 5.1 Octa Core Smartphone 4G+2G 3G GSM WiFi Bluetooth Dual SIM. 4.5" XGODY Android 5.1 Smartphone Unlocked Quad Core 8GB 3G/2G 2SIM Cell phone. 5''Inch Android 5.1 Quad Core 2G+8G 4G GSM WiFi Bluetooth Dual SIM Smart phone. XGODY Unlocked Android 5.1 Cell Phone 4GB 2SIM 4.5" 5MP 4Core 3G GPS Smartphone. XGODY 4.5" Dual SIM Unlocked GPS Smartphone Android 5.1 4Core 3G/GSM Cell Phone. BLU Grand Mini 4.5'' Screen Android Unlocked Cell Phone Smartphone Cell Phone. Photos not available for this variation. Mouse over to Zoom - Click to enlarge. Upgrading? Sell it, don't trade it. BLU Grand Mini 4.5'' Screen Android Unlocked Cell Phone Smartphone Cell Phone. Share on Facebook - opens in a new window or tab. Share on Twitter - opens in a new window or tab. Share on Pinterest - opens in a new window or tab. Ships in a business day with tracking. - opens in a new window or tab Learn more. toxic3005 has no other items for sale.. Please enter a quantity of $qty_dummy$ or less. Please enter a quantity of 1. Purchases are limited to $qty_dummy$ per buyer. Please enter quantity of 1 or more. Choose quantity that is less than $qty_dummy1$ or equal to $qty_dummy$. You can only choose quantity that is equal to $qty_dummy$. May not ship to Singapore. Read item description or contact seller for shipping options. United States and many other countries. help icon for Shipping - opens a layer. This amount includes applicable customs duties, taxes, brokerage and other fees. This amount is subject to change until you make payment. For additional information, see the Global Shipping Program terms and conditions - opens in a new window or tab. This amount includes applicable customs duties, taxes, brokerage and other fees. This amount is subject to change until you make payment. If you reside in an EU member state besides UK, import VAT on this purchase is not recoverable. For additional information, see the Global Shipping Program terms and conditions - opens in a new window or tab. No additional import charges on delivery. Apply Now - opens in a new window or tab. See terms - opens in a new window or tab. An error occurred, please try again.. Any international shipping is paid in part to Pitney Bowes Inc. Learn More - opens in a new window or tab. International shipping and import charges paid to Pitney Bowes Inc. Learn More - opens in a new window or tab. Any international shipping and import charges are paid in part to Pitney Bowes Inc. Learn More - opens in a new window or tab. International shipping paid to Pitney Bowes Inc. Learn More - opens in a new window or tab. Any international shipping is paid in part to Pitney Bowes Inc. Learn More - opens in a new window or tab. Covered by eBay Money Back Guarantee. See details - opens in a new window or tab. Get the item you ordered or get your money back. Covers your purchase price and original shipping.. For BLU Dash Jr D141W D140W D141S 0.3mm 9H HD Tempered Glass Screen Protector. 6-Pack Clear XtremeGuard HI-DEF Screen Protector For Blu Studio X6 N110L, N110U. 1X EZguardz LCD Screen Protector Shield HD 1X For Blu Studio X6 N110L, N110U. Straight Talk Standard Or Micro Sim Cards X3 For Your Cell Phones. Straight Talk Micro Sim Card Or Standard. TracFone Bring Your Own Phone SIM Activation Kit (3-in-1-SIM) 3-in-1 SIM. Report item - opens in a new window or tab. Seller assumes all responsibility for this listing.. 3G Data Capable, 4G Data Capable, Bluetooth Enabled, Dual SIM. New: A brand-new, unused, unopened, undamaged item in its original packaging (where packaging is. Packaging should be the same as what is found in a retail store, unless the item is handmade or was packaged by the manufacturer in non-retail packaging, such as an unprinted box or plastic bag. See the seller's listing for full details. See all condition definitions - opens in a new window or tab. Seller assumes all responsibility for this listing.. The seller has not specified a shipping method to Singapore. Contact the seller - opens in a new window or tab and request shipping to your location.. Please enter a valid ZIP Code.. Item location: Miami, Florida, United States. Shipping to: United States, United Kingdom, Bulgaria, Lithuania, Sweden, Germany, Mexico, Brazil, Dominican Republic, Saint Kitts-Nevis, Guernsey, Jersey. No additional import charges at delivery!. This item will be shipped through the Global Shipping Program and includes international tracking. Learn more - opens in a new window or tab. Please enter a number less than or equal to 14.. Please enter a valid ZIP Code.. Please enter 5 or 9 numbers for the ZIP Code.. Will usually ship within 1 business day of receiving cleared payment - opens in a new window or tab .. Seller charges sales tax for items shipped to: FL*(7.0%).. * Tax applies to subtotal + S&H for these states only. After receiving the item, contact seller within. Pay for your purchases when it's right for you. Choose PayPal Credit to pay all at once or enjoy the flexibility of paying over time with special financing offers.. For example, if your purchase qualifies, you could enjoy No Payments + No Interest if paid in full in 6 months on $99+.. Interest will be charged on your account from the posting date (which is usually within a few days after the purchase date) if the purchase balance is not paid in full within the promotional period. See terms - opens in a new window or tab. Other offers may be available from time to time.. The lender for PayPal Credit accounts is Comenity Capital Bank.. Immediate payment required for this item. Immediate payment of US $53.97 is required.. What’s the Difference Between iOS and Android? ,. How to Buy a Bar Phone on eBay ,. What's the Difference Between GSM and CDMA Cell Phones? ,. Samsung Galaxy S5 Buying Guide ,. How to Choose a Touch Watch to Pair With Your Smartphone ,. How to Choose an Android Phone ,. How to Buy a Used Samsung S4 on eBay. OnePlus 5 Unlocked Android Cell Phones & Smartphones ,. blu Android Unlocked Cell Phones & Smartphones ,. Android BLU Vivo 5 Unlocked Cell Phones & Smartphones ,. blu Unlocked Cell Phones & Smartphones ,. Android BLU Vivo 5 Cell Phones & Smartphones ,. Unlocked Android 8GB Cell Phones & Smartphones. Site Map Copyright © 1995-2018 eBay Inc. Accessibility , User Agreement , Privacy , Cookies and AdChoice Norton Secured - powered by Verisign. 
You don't have permission to access /specifications/blu-grand-mini/. 
© BLU Products All Rights Reserved. © BLU Products All Rights Reserved. 
Home Contact Us About Us Privacy Policy. Home » BLU USB Driver » BLU Grand Mini USB Driver. Download BLU Grand Mini USB Driver. Steps to Install BLU Grand Mini Mediatek driver. Steps to Install BLU Grand Mini ADB driver. The USB drivers given above are official and chipset based. So, if you get any errors while installing these drivers, contact their. or even you can comment here. Only – The USB drivers provided above are only for Windows-based pc. So, it will not work on MAC or Linux-based operating systems. Request New Driver – Please don’t use contact us page for requesting new device driver, you should request it via commenting on this page only (If you request. us via contact us page most probably it will be ignored).. Are you looking for BLU Grand Mini USB Driver? If your answer is Yes, then you are on the right page here we have provided some working BLU Grand Mini USB Driver. Simply download the zip file from below and install it on your windows computer. Although installing process is simple for developers but we have provided a stepwise. installing process for the normal user. So kindly see installation steps if you got stuck in between or simply comment below, we will try to help you out.. For flashing Stock firmware on your device. For connecting your device to a computer. Step 1 : Download and extract the driver on your computer.. Step 2 : Open the extracted folder you will see Install Drivers.bat file. Double click on it to start the installation process.. Step 3 : Now a command window. will appear, it will determine your windows version and processor type.. Step 4 : Simply Press any key on the keyboard to continue.. Step 5 : Congrats, driver installed successfully .. Step 2 : Open the extracted folder you will see. Step 3 : Now you will see a prompt similar to below image that means installation is successful.. BLU Life One X3 USB Driver. BLU Studio G Mini USB Driver. BLU Studio Selfie LTE USB Driver. Leave a Reply Cancel reply. Asus Zenfone 4 Max Pro ZC554KL... Asus Zenfone 4 Max ZC520KL USB... Asus Zenfone 4 Max ZC554KL USB... Xiaomi Redmi 5 Plus USB Driver. Asus Zenfone Max Plus M1 USB D... Xiaomi Redmi Y1 Lite USB Drive... Copyright 2018 - Phone USB Driver |. This site is not affiliated with Google or any of the device manufacturers listed on this site.. 
Home Phones Brands News Reviews Compare Comparisons List Contact. A password will be e-mailed to you.. Home Phones Brands News Reviews Compare Comparisons List Contact. A password will be e-mailed to you.. A password will be e-mailed to you.. CPU : Dual-core 1.3 GHz. Storage : 8 GB storage, microSD card slot. Display : 4.5" 854 x 480 pixels. OS : Android 6.0 (Marshmallow). Design Type called form factor refers to a mobile phone's size, shape, and style as well as the layout and position of major components of phone. There are three major form factors seen in mobile phones => bar phones, folding phones and sliding phones. 132 x 66 x 8.6 mm (5.20 x 2.60 x 0.34 inches). SIM (Subscriber Identity Module) is a small card that contains mobile network subscriber's account information. This allows the phone using the card to attach to a mobile network. The SIM card is most commonly associated with GSM and UMTS mobile networks. Moving a SIM card from one phone to another allows a subscriber to switch mobile phones without having to contact their mobile network carrier. SIM cards can also be used by a phone to store limited amounts of data, such as phone numbers and text messages. GSM 850 / 900 / 1800 / 1900. HSDPA 850 / 900 / 1700 / 1900 / 2100. Display Technology => A number of display technologies and types used in mobile phones => TFT (Thin Film Transistor), IPS (In-Place Switching), OLED (Organic Light Emitting Diode), AMOLED (Active-Matrix Organic Light-Emitting Diode), Super AMOLED (an even advanced version of AMOLED), Resistive Touchscreen (Resistive touchscreens contain two layer of conductive material with a very small gap between them which acts as a resistance), Capacitive Touchsceen (Capacitive touchscreen technology consists of a layer of glass coated with a transparent conductor). Display Colors is refers to the number of different shades of colors that the screen is capable of displaying => 64K colors, 256K colors and 16 million colors, Obviously 16M is highest available range of colors and better than others. Pixel Density (PPI) is refers to the concentration of pixels on a particular display, measured in pixels per inch (ppi). Pixel density is calculated by dividing the diagonal pixel resolution of a display by its diagonal size, higher pixel density better display quality. Camera is able to capture photographs and usually videos, The most important characteristics of a camera are the resolution (measured in megapixels), lens focus type (fixed or automatic), higher megapixel cameras are known to capture higher quality photos, but not always a good measurement of the photos quality. Flash Light => There is commonly two types of flash lights are used in camera mobile phones, LED Flash (LED flash offers lower power consumption with drive circuitry that takes up very little room, LEDs can be strobed faster than any other light source), Xenon Flash (xenon flash produces an extremely intense full-spectrum white light for a very short duration). OS => Every computer system run on a base software called Operating System (OS). Operating System controls all basic operations of the computer (such as smartphone, PDAs, tablet computers and other handheld devices). The Operating System allows the user to install and run third party applications (apps), apps are used to add new functionality to the device. Facebook is a popular free social networking website that allows registered users to create profiles, upload photos and video, send messages and keep in touch with friends, family and colleagues. The site is available in 37 different languages. Youtube is a popular free video-sharing website, Youtube is the largest video sharing site in the world, Millions of users around the world have created accounts on the site that allow them to upload videos that anyone can watch.. Chipset is a group of integrated circuits designed to perform one or a more dedicated functions, often with real time computing constraints, Popular smartphones are equipped with more advanced embedded chipsets that can do many different tasks depending on their programming. CPU (Central Processing Unit) mostly known as processors, CPU processes instructions in order to carry out certain functions that make your device operate properly. Processors are often described as the brain of computers, smartphones and tablets, Smartphones and tablets rely on processors to carry out their every task, Processors are an incredibly important factor in selecting any type of computing device, including your smartphone. GPU (Graphics Processing Unit) is a single-chip processor designed to rapidly manipulate and alter memory to accelerate the creation of images in a frame buffer intended for output to a display, This includes things such as lighting effects, object transformations, and 3D motion. RAM (Random Access Memory) is a type of computer memory that can be accessed randomly, any byte of memory can be accessed without touching the preceding bytes that allows information to be stored and accessed quickly from random locations. RAM is the most common type of memory found in computer systems, smartphones, tablets and other electronic devices. Internal Storage is a data storage space (flash memory) mostly used in smartphones, tablets and other electronic devices where operating system, apps, music, photos, videos, files and other user data Is stored. Memory Card Slot is a special slot for inserting a memory card. Memory cards allow you to expand the phone's built-in memory, A memory card (sometimes called a flash memory card or a storage card) is a small storage medium used to store data such as text, pictures, audio, and video, for use on small, portable or remote computing devices such as mobile phones, mp3 players, digital cameras. Sensors are electronic components that detects and responds to some type of input from the physical environment. The specific input could be light, heat, motion, moisture, pressure and location, The output is generally a signal that is converted to use in computing systems, a location sensor, such as a GPS receiver is able to detect current location of your electronic device.. microSD, up to 64 GB (Sim Slot). Bluetooth is a wireless communications technology for exchanging data between mobile phones, headsets, computers and other network devices over short distances without wires, Bluetooth technology was primarily designed to support simple wireless networking of personal consumer devices. Infrared connectivity is an old wireless technology used to connect two electronic devices. It uses a beam of infrared light to transmit information and so requires direct line of sight and operates only at close range. Wi-Fi is a popular wireless networking technology using radio waves to provide high-speed network connections that allows devices to communicate without cords or cables, Wi-Fi is increasingly becoming the preferred mode of internet connectivity all over the world. GPS The Global Positioning System is a satellite-based radio navigation system, GPS permits users to determine their position, velocity and the time 24 hours a day, in all weather, anywhere in the world, In order to locate your position, your device or GPS receiver must have a clear view of the sky. NFC (Near field communication) is a set of standards for smartphones and similar devices to establish peer-to-peer radio communications with each other by touching them together or bringing them into proximity, usually no more than a few inches.. GPRS (General Packet Radio Service) is a packet oriented mobile data service on the 2G and 3G cellular communication system's global system for mobile communications (GSM), Generally, GPRS is used for the purpose of wireless data transfer, such as sharing pictures and videos or browsing the Internet via a mobile phone connection. EDGE (Enhanced Data GSM Environment) is a wireless network technology generally considered the next step in the 2G network offers data transfer rates up to four times faster than ordinary GSM networks, Generally, EDGE is used for the purpose of wireless data transfer, such as sharing pictures and videos or browsing the Internet via a mobile phone connection. Web Browser => a web browser is a software application used to locate, retrieve and display content on the World Wide Web, including Web pages, images, video and other files, The primary function of a web browser is to render HTML, the code used to design or markup webpages.. SMS (Short Messaging Service) is a text messaging service component of phone, Web, or mobile communication systems. It uses standardized communications protocols to allow mobile phone devices to exchange short text messages over the networks. MMS (Multimedia Messaging Service) is a standard way to send messages that include multimedia content (audio clips, video clips and images) to and from mobile phones over wireless networks using the WAP protocol. Email (Electronic Mail) is a system for receiving, sending, and storing electronic messages, Similar to a letter, email is text messages that may contain files, images, or other attachments sent via the internet to a recipient by using applications and software prograps. An email address is required to receive email, and that address is unique to the user.. Battery Type => Cell phones run on various kinds of batteries depending on the manufacturer, phone size or shape and features. There are basically four types of cell phone batteries => Lithium Polymer, Lithium Ion, Nickel Metal Hydride and Nickel Cadmium. Battery Capacity is a measure (typically in Amp-hr) of the charge stored by the battery, and is determined by the mass of active material contained in the battery. The battery capacity represents the maximum amount of energy that can be extracted from the battery under certain conditions. Standby Time is the total amount of time that you can leave your is fully charged, turned on and ready to send and receive calls or data transmissions before completely discharging the battery. Talk Time is the longest time that a single battery charge will last when you are constantly talking on the phone under perfect conditions, Ambient temperature and highly dependent on the cellular network environment such as the distance to the closest cell network tower.. Be the first to add a Review. Review Text * Rate this Product. What do you feel about Design and build quality of this device?. Screen size, image quality (brightness, colors, contrast, etc), visibility in sun light, angles of view and touchscreen. Usability of Camera interface, image and video quality in different light conditions and environment. Music and video players, playback quality, speaker sound and handsfree options. What do you feel about the features of this device, is these enough for you in everyday life?. Bluetooth, Wi-fi connectivity, data trnasfer speed, internet browsing and interfaces. When you call someone, what is the voice quality you hear or vice versa, is speakerproduct working good during calls. What do you feel about usability and speed of UI (user interface), messaging, calling, contacts management, call history, notifications and internet browsing?. Is this device perform good while watching videos, playing games, taking snapshots, browsing internet and navigate through other applications?. What about battery life, while calling, listening music, watching videos, playing games and doing other tasks. 6 / 10 based on your selection. Please post a user review only if you have / had this product.. Samsung Galaxy J7 vs Samsung Galaxy S7. LG G6 vs Samsung Galaxy S8. Samsung Galaxy S7 vs Samsung Galaxy S8. About Us Advertise Write a Review Contact Us. 
The next video is starting stop. Want to watch this again later?. Sign in to add this video to a playlist.. Sign in to report inappropriate content.. Sign in to make your opinion count.. Sign in to make your opinion count.. The interactive transcript could not be loaded.. Rating is available when the video has been rented.. This feature is not available right now. Deairra Freeman reviews the BLU Grand M, a budget phone that packs great performance in a beautiful design. When autoplay is enabled, a suggested video will automatically play next.. BLU Grand M Unboxing | Budget Smartphone. Blu Grand M Review - Budget Android Phone Under $100. BLU Grand M Review | Budget Smartphone. The Best Looking $50 Phone: BLU Grand M Review!. Best iPhone Clone: Blu Vivo mini unboxing and impressions!. BLU GRAND M, GRAND 5.5 HD, AND GRAND XL REVIEW. BLU (Bold Like Us) Grand M - Unboxing. Does It Suck? - $60 Android Phone. Unlocked Cell Phones: BLU - Grand M With 8GB Memory Cell Phone // Best Buy Black Friday. What to do if your device keeps Freezing. BLU Life One X2 Mini | Nano-SIM Card Tray Install. BLU GRAND M - Mercado Livre. Blu Vivo Mini 5 Android Smartphone (Review). Blu Vivo XL - The Golden Budget Android Phone!. Sign in to add this to Watch Later. 
FREE SHIPPING TO THE UNITED STATES. Skinomi TechSkin for BLU Cell Phones. Home // Shop By Category // Cell Phones // BLU. Protective accessories for BLU cell phones are carried at Skinomi.com. Protective accessories for BLU cell phones include screen protectors, cases, skins, covers, shields, and TechSkin. Our protective solutions will keep your BLU cell phones protected and looking new. Skinomi's innovative film protector, TechSkin, is the latest solution in protecting BLU cell phones. TechSkin is scratch-proof and goes on visibly clear on BLU cell phones. Do not pay for knock-offs that don't offer true protection for BLU cell phones. Get your BLU cell phones protected by Skinomi.. BLU Studio X Mini 4G LTE. BLU Life One X 4G LTE (2016). BLU Life One 4G LTE (2015 Edition). Our Latest Designs: Nokia Lumia 635/630 , LG G2 Mini , Samsung Gear Live , LG G Watch , Pantech Vybe , Alacatel OneTouch POP 7 , Samsung Galaxy Tab S 10.5 , Samsung Galaxy Tab S 8.4 , OnePlus One , Microsoft Surface Pro 3 , Kyocera Hydro Icon. Cell Phones Tablets & E-Readers MP3 Players Gaming Devices Wrist Watches Digital Cameras GPS Laptops Mice & Keyboards Miscellaneous Devices Carbon Fiber Skins Natural Wood Skins Brushed Metal Skins TECH GLASS iPhone X Google Pixel 2 Google Pixel 2 XL Galaxy S8 Plus (S8+) Galaxy S8 Fire 7 (2017, Kids Edition Compatible) Nintendo Switch ZTE Quartz (SmartWatch) HTC U11 Fitbit Blaze LG G6 Apple iPhone 7 Plus Fitbit Charge 2 Garmin Vivoactive HR iPad Pro 12.9 (2017) Fitbit Alta HR Apple iPad (9.7",2017) Samsung Gear S3 Frontier (SM-R760,46mm) LG V20 Samsung Galaxy S7 Blackberry KEYone BlackBerry DTEK50 Apple Watch 42mm Series 2 Apple Watch Series 2 38mm OnePlus 5 Galaxy J7 (2017, US Version) Moto Z2 Play Samsung Galaxy J5 (2017) Huawei Watch 2 Sport Garmin Fenix 5x. Please Select Acer Aiptek Airo Wireless Altek Amazon Alcatel Apple Archos Arnova Asus Audiovox Barnes And Noble BenQ Siemens BlackBerry Canon Casio Cisco Creative Cricket Danger Hiptop Dell DigiLife D-Link DoCoMo Epson Eten Flip Fujifilm Garmin GE General Mobile Gigabyte Gigaware Glofiish Handspring Hasselblad Helio HP HTC Huawei iFOE i-Mate INQ JVC Kobo Kodak Konica Kyocera Latte Leica Lenovo LG Magellan Microsoft Mio Motorola MSI Nikon Nintendo Nokia O2 Olympus Openmoko Orange Palm Panasonic PanDigital Pantech Pentax Pocket PC Polaroid Qwest Ricoh Samsung Sanyo Saygus Sealife Sharp Siemens SK Telesys Sky Slacker Sony Sony Ericsson Terrestar Toshiba UTStarcom Velocity Micro Vertu Verzo ViewBook ViewSonic Vizio Uncategorized ZTE. Join Our Mailing List & Stay Up-to-Date. Get Exclusive Offers & New Product Updates.. Website design by Solid Cactus. 
BLU Grand Mini Offers and Deals. BLU Grand Mini Price by Country. Disclaimer: We are trying to provid latest Mobile Phone prices and Specs, but we cannot guarantee. The latest launched Cell Phones are priced on the basis of international offerings without including shipment costs and taxes.. © Copyrights by Mobile57 2011 to 2017. 
