GSM 850 / 900 / 1800 / 1900 - SIM 1 & SIM 2. HSDPA 850 / 1900 - EM24043. HSDPA 900 / 2100 - EM24047. 125 x 58.5 x 19 mm (4.92 x 2.30 x 0.75 in). - IP67 certified - dust and water resistant up to 1 meter and 30 minutes. 2.4 inches, 17.8 cm 2 (~24.4% screen-to-body ratio). 240 x 320 pixels, 4:3 ratio (~167 ppi density). We can not guarantee that the information on this page is 100% correct. Energizer Energy 240 - user opinions and reviews. Can you at least make it 2000mAh??! You are Energizer you can do better than this battery capacity!!. Samsung Apple Nokia Sony LG HTC Motorola Huawei Microsoft Lenovo Xiaomi Google Acer Asus Oppo OnePlus Meizu BlackBerry Alcatel ZTE Toshiba Vodafone Energizer XOLO Lava Micromax BLU Gionee vivo LeEco Panasonic HP YU verykool Maxwest Plum. Energizer Power Max P16K Pro Energizer Power Max P600S Energizer Hardcase H550S Energizer Power Max P550S Energizer Hardcase H240S Energizer Energy 500. 
Visit manufacturer site for details.. CNET earns fees when you click these offers.. CNET may earn fees when you click through to a partner site.. 
Energizer Energy 240 - user opinions and reviews. Can you at least make it 2000mAh??! You are Energizer you can do better than this battery capacity!!. Total of 1 user reviews and opinions for Energizer Energy 240 .. Samsung Apple Nokia Sony LG HTC Motorola Huawei Microsoft Lenovo Xiaomi Google Acer Asus Oppo OnePlus Meizu BlackBerry Alcatel ZTE Toshiba Vodafone Energizer XOLO Lava Micromax BLU Gionee vivo LeEco Panasonic HP YU verykool Maxwest Plum. Energizer Power Max P16K Pro Energizer Power Max P600S Energizer Hardcase H550S Energizer Power Max P550S Energizer Hardcase H240S Energizer Energy 500. 
Visit manufacturer site for details.. CNET earns fees when you click these offers.. Be respectful, keep it clean and stay on topic. We delete comments that violate our policy , which we encourage you to read. Discussion threads can be closed at any time at our discretion.. CNET may earn fees when you click through to a partner site.. 
GSM 850 / 900 / 1800 / 1900 - SIM 1 & SIM 2. HSDPA 850 / 1900 - EM24043. HSDPA 900 / 2100 - EM24047. - Music/Video player - Organizer - Calendar - Calculator - Voice memo. 2.4 inches, 17.8 cm2 (~24.4% screen-to-body ratio). Do you want to know about latest smartphones and their prices in Pakistan? Visit our very fresh collection for all the latest prices and smartphones at. We give you a holistic platform to know latest Prices and up-to-date specifications of latest handsets. This integrated channel of ours has informative bench to sit on for the roller coaster ride to latest Energizer Mobile Phone Prices, news and reviews that will serve the ultimate purpose to top up your thirst for new technological horizons. Keep visiting and keep refilling your glass for all the latest Smartphone and Prices on. Energizer gives its best shot with Energizer Energy 240 .. While gaining immense appreciation in Pakistan, the handset stands up at a. reasonable Price of 13270 Daily Updated 26-02-2018 Mobile Price. For every latest development on Energizer Energy 240. Mobile Price in Pakistan, keep visiting Mobile Phone Collection. Get New Energizer Energy 240 Mobile Price and Full Specification here.. Energizer Energy 240 include SIM:Dual SIM (Mini-SIM, dual stand-by), TFT, 256K colors and 2.4 inches, 17.8 cm2 (~24.4% screen-to-body ratio) and .. Energizer Energy 240 OS: and and. Energizer Energy 240 Internal Memory: 128 MB, 32 MB RAM and Card Slot: microSD, up to 32 GB. Energizer Energy 240 Rear Camera 3.15 MP and Front Camera: No.. In order to learn detailed specifications, kindly visit our Specification. and Features Page for Energizer Energy 240 and get to know the latest. about the handset and its Price. Mobile Phone Collection have all to. 
English Srpski. Home Smartphone reviews Blog News Brands Contact menu. Huawei Mate 10 Lite Review - Smaller version of the Mate 10 with a quadruple camera February 13, 2018. Xiaomi Mi A1 Review - Xiaomi with Pixel features! February 06, 2018. NOA Core Next Review - NOA entry level device January 25, 2018. Blackview A5 Review - Compact and accessible January 23, 2018. Brand Brand name Model. Select brand ACER ALCATEL ALLVIEW AMOI APPLE ASUS BBK BENQ BLACKBERRY BLU BLUBOO CAT CHUWI CUBOT DOOGEE DOOV ELEPHONE FLY FUJITSU GIGABYTE GIONEE GOOGLE HTC HUAWEI ICEMOBILE INFOCUS INTEX KYOCERA LANDVO LAVA LEAGOO LEECO LENOVO LG MICROMAX MICROSOFT MOTOROLA NIU NOA NOKIA ONEPLUS OPPO OUKITEL PANASONIC PANTECH PHILIPS PLUM POSH PRESTIGIO SAMSUNG SHARP SISWOO SONY SYMPHONY TESLA TEXET THL UMI VERYKOOL VIVAX VIVO WALTON WIKO XIAOMI XOLO YU ZOPO. Type Diagonal (inches) Resolution (pixel) PPI (ppi). Select type PHONE TABLET. Pixel (MP) Flash Flash type Video Video resolution (pixel). Select type Dual-LED flash LED flash Quad-LED flash Ten-LED flash Triple-LED flash Xenon Xenon and LED flash. Chipset Number of cores Speed. Select chipset Actions Allwinner Altair AMD Amlogic Apple Atheros Boxchip Broadcom Freescale HiSilicon Huawei Infineon Intel Leadcore LG Marvell MediaTek Motorola MSTAR Nvidia NXP Philips Qualcomm Rockchip Samsung SiRF SpreadTrum ST Erricson Telechips TI (Texas Instruments) VIA Vivante Xiaomi. RAM Internal Memory Card. Select operating system 360 OS Aliyun OS Amigo Android Android Wear Bada BlackBerry OS Brew Chrome OS Cloud OS Color OS Coolsand OS Cyanogen OS Danger OS Dash OS Dido OS ELE OS EMUI OS Fira OS Fire OS Firefox OS Flo OS FlyMe OS Freedom OS Freeme OS Funtouch OS HiOS HP webOS Indus OS iOS IUNI Kingzone OS Leagoo OS LeWa OS LiMo Linux Living MeeGo MEIOS Microsoft Windows Phone MIUI OS MOS MTK Nokia X Nucleus OMS OS X Oxygen OS Palm OS REMIX OS Rex RTK Sailfish OS SHP Smartisan OS Star OS SUGAR OS Symbian Tencent OS ThreadX Tizen Touch OS UMI OS VOS WatchOS WeOS Windows Windows Mobile Windows Mobile + Windows Vista Windows Phone X OS YunOS ZUI OS. USB type WI-FI Infrared NFC Hotknot HDMI GPS Bluetooth Bluetooth version. Select type Micro-USB Mini-USB Type-C. Select version 5.0 4.2 4.1 4.0 3.1 3.0 2.4 2.3 2.2 2.1 2.0 1.5 1.2 1.1 1.0. Waterproof Dustproof Shock resistant. Apple Samsung LG Motorola Xiaomi Huawei Asus Oneplus Sony Oppo. Home Brands ENERGIZER ENERGIZER ENERGY 240. Specifications Comments Phone compare. 125 x 58.5 x 19 mm. Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus.. We currently show full specs for 68 brands. Please check list here .. Mobile phones specs, reviews, comparisons, manuals, gaming and more. Home Smartphone reviews Blog News Brands Contact. Terms and conditions DMCA report Copyright (c) mobosdata.com. 
Pakistan Android | Mobile Apps Games Tech News SEO Earn. Net Neutrality principles not relevant for Internet Access. Lenovo 1 Million 4G Smart phones Sale in India. LG G2 D802 Lollipop 5.0.2 Upgrade in Finland – Suomi. YU Yunique 2 Price in Pakistan. Panasonic P55 Max Price in Pakistan August 5, 2017 vivo X9s Price in Pakistan August 5, 2017 vivo X9s Plus Price in Pakistan August 5, 2017 vivo Y53 Price in Pakistan August 5, 2017 ZTE nubia M2 lite Price in Pakistan August 5, 2017 ZTE nubia N2 Price in Pakistan August 5, 2017. LG G Pad IV 8.0 FHD Price in Pakistan. Samsung Galaxy Tab S3 9.7 Price in Pakistan May 30, 2017 Lenovo Yoga Tab 3 Pro Price in Pakistan May 30, 2017 Lenovo Tab3 8 Plus Price in Pakistan May 30, 2017 Lenovo Tab 4 8 Price in Pakistan May 30, 2017 Lenovo Tab 4 8 Plus Price in Pakistan May 30, 2017 Lenovo Tab 4 10 Price in Pakistan May 30, 2017. LG Watch Style Price in Pakistan. LG Watch Sport Price in Pakistan May 30, 2017 Samsung Gear S3 classic LTE Price in Pakistan May 30, 2017 Samsung Gear S3 classic Price in Pakistan January 6, 2017 Samsung Gear S3 frontier Price in Pakistan January 6, 2017 Samsung Gear S3 frontier LTE Price in Pakistan January 6, 2017 LG Watch Urbane 2 LTE Price in Pakistan June 25, 2016. Unlock Android Phone Using Proximity Sensor. How to Open Youtube in Pakistan on Android Mobile. Latest cricket Score News Videos Highlights Streams. Energizer Energy 240 Price in Pakistan. Home » Mobile » Energizer » Energizer Energy 240 Price in Pakistan. Energizer Energy 240 was released dated – 2015, January. Lets take a look at Energizer Energy 240 Price in Pakistan with detailed review and specification. Energizer Energy 240 Core Features Review. Energizer Energy 240 has been officially released on 2015, January. Energizer Energy 240 Supported legacy GSM networks bands are : GSM 850 / 900 / 1800 / 1900 – SIM 1 & SIM 2. Energizer Energy 240 Supported 3G networks bands are : HSDPA 850 / 1900 – EM24043. Energizer Energy 240 supports basic GSM / HSPA technology. Data Speed is HSPA 7.2/0.384 Mbps. Energizer Energy 240 supports EDGE data modes -> Yes. Energizer Energy 240 supports GPRS data modes like Yes. In terms of Dimension it has 125 x 58.5 x 19 mm (4.92 x 2.30 x 0.75 in) size. Total weight is 134 g (4.73 oz). SIM Type is Dual SIM (Mini-SIM, dual stand-by). Energizer Energy 240 comes with 2.4 inches (~24.4% screen-to-body ratio) TFT, 256K colors providing a total of 240 x 320 pixels (~167 ppi pixel density). Energizer Energy 240 MultiTouch support : Yes. This device comes up with Internal Memory and RAM of 128 MB, 32 MB RAM respectively. For expanding memory : microSD, up to 32 GB. Memory can hold up to Yes call records. This device supports Phonebook with Yes features. Secondary or Front Camera is at No. For headphones 3.55 mm Jack : Yes. Bluetooth Module version and supported profiles are v2.1, A2DP respectively. Radio Status : Stereo FM radio. Has infra red port for controlling IR devices such as TV, fridge etc. Sensors such as Accelerometer, proximity are integrated in the device. Energizer Energy 240 has Removable Li-Ion 1900 mAh battery. Total Talk Time is Up to 11 h. Total Stand-by Time is Up to 316 h. HSDPA 850 / 1900 – EM24043. 125 x 58.5 x 19 mm (4.92 x 2.30 x 0.75 in). – IP67 certified – dust and water resistant up to 1 meter and 30 minutes. 240 x 320 pixels (~167 ppi pixel density). – Hi-Fi audio, DTS Surround Sound. [su_box title=”Irmation” style=”glass” box_color=”#60b2d9″]Cannot see below video? Look like you need to Unblock YouTube on PC or Unblock YouTube on Android Device .[/su_box]. Energizer Energy 240 Price in Pakistan and selected countries. Energizer Energy 500 Price in Pakistan. Energizer Energy 400 Price in Pakistan. Energizer Energy 200 Price in Pakistan. LG G Pad IV 8.0 FHD Price in Pakistan. YU Yunique 2 Price in Pakistan. Panasonic P55 Max Price in Pakistan. vivo X9s Plus Price in Pakistan. October 19, 2014 5. LG G Watch R Urbane LTE Price in Pakistan with Review. April 3, 2015 4. February 8, 2015 4. How to Unblock or Open YouTube in Pakistan. October 18, 2014 3. Huawei Honor 6 Plus price in Pakistan with Review. December 27, 2014 3. Asus Zenfone 3 Max ZC520TL Price in Pakistan. Posh Orion Mini S350 Price in Pakistan. Huawei Honor 5c Price in Pakistan. BLU Neo X Mini Price in Pakistan. 
Drill into information and properties on all devices or contribute information with the Device Browser .. Use the Data Explorer to explore and analyze DeviceAtlas data.. Check our available device properties from our Property List .. Test a User-Agent with the User-Agent Tester .. Device Name HTML5 Hardware Streaming Environment Video Player Web Browser Audio Player JavaScript DRM Network Protocols JavaVM Beta Properties where you helped where you can help conflicted values dynamic properties client-side properties. See all Energizer devices >> Energizer Energy 240. Log in or sign up for a free DeviceAtlas account to see all available device capabilities.. The company/organisation that provides a device, browser or other component to the market. It can be a manufacturer, mobile operator or other organisation exclusively offering a product.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. The model name of a device, browser or some other component (e.g. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. The marketing name for a device.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. Primary organisation creating (not necessarily assembling) the device.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. This is the year that the device was released (or announced). Please login to add your opinion for this property.. True if the device is meant for use on the move.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. User may touch the screen to interact with the device.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. The total number of addressable pixels in the horizontal direction of a rectangular display when held in its default orientation. The Property does not apply to displays that are not rectangular or square.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. The total number of addressable pixels in the vertical direction of a rectangular display when held in its default orientation. The Property does not apply to displays that are not rectangular or square.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. The diagonal dimension of the screen in inches.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. The pixel density of the Device's screen. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. Ratio between physical pixels and device-independent pixels (dips) on the browser.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. The color depth of a display.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. The device has NFC (Near Field Communication) hardware.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. Megapixels of the camera if the device has one.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. The device is a mobile phone.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. The device is a tablet device.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. The device is a reading device.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. The device is a games console.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. The device is a set-top box.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. The device is a media player.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. The version number of a component (e.g. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. The supplier of the operating system.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. The name of the Operating System installed on the device. This can be used as a substitute for the boolean OS properties.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. The general group name of the operating system (eg. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. The Operating System initial version installed on the device.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. The device is distributed with Android OS pre-installed.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. The device is distributed with Bada OS pre-installed.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. The device is distributed with iOS pre-installed.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. The device is distributed with RIM OS pre-installed.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. The device is distributed with Symbian OS pre-installed.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. The device is distributed with Windows Mobile pre-installed.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. The device is distributed with Windows Phone pre-installed.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. The device is distributed with Windows RT OS pre-installed.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. The device is distributed with WebOS pre-installed.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. The device is distributed with a proprietary OS pre-installed.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. Commercial name of the developer platform if any (Nokia Series 40, Sony Ericsson Java Platform, etc).. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. If the device was built around a Developer Platform, which version.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. The supplier of the web browser.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. The name or type of the browser on the device.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. The browser version on the device.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. The name or type of the browser rendering engine used by the browser.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. The ability of the web browser to render a page using XHTML Basic 1.0.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. The ability of the web browser to render a page using XHTML-MP 1.0.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. The ability of the web browser to render a page using XHTML-MP 1.1.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. The ability of the web browser to render a page using XHTML-MP 1.2.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. The ability of the web browser to render a page using WML.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. The ability of the web browser to download and open the device's address book when a vCard URI is used.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. The ability to display a GIF87 image embedded in a mobile web page, using a tag such as img or object.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. The ability to display a GIF89a image embedded in a mobile web page, using a tag such as img or object.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. The ability to display a JPG image embedded in a mobile web page, using a tag such as img or object.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. The ability to display a PNG image embedded in a mobile web page, using a tag such as img or object.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. The horizontal size of the default browser's viewport, expressed in device independent pixels (DIPs), when held in its default orientation and the browser zoom is set to 100%. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. The vertical size of the default browser's viewport, expressed in device independent pixels (DIPs), when held in its default orientation and the browser zoom is set to 100%. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. The ability of the web browser to start a telephone call when a URI is defined with the protocol 'tel' followed by a telephone number (e.g. Verify that the browser behaves as expected.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. The ability of the web browser to start a new SMS message when a URI is defined with the protocol sms followed by a telephone number (e.g. Verify that the browser behaves as expected.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. The ability of the web browser to start a new SMS message when a URI is defined with the protocol smsto followed by a telephone number (e.g. Verify that the browser behaves as expected.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. The ability of a client to store cookies and send them when appropriate.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. The web browser supports the SSL protocol. Support of different certificate authorities is independent from the ability of supporting SSL. Verify that a page protected with SSL is displayed properly.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. Describes the maximum size in bytes for markup in a web page. Some browsers might have a variable memory limit based on the memory used by other applications, in that case 0 will be used.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. Describes the maximum size in bytes for media files embedded in a web page. Some browsers might have a variable memory limit based on the memory used by other applications, in that case 0 will be used.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. Describes the maximum size in bytes for downloaded from a web page and stored locally (e.g. Some browsers might have a variable memory limit based on the memory used by other applications, in that case 0 will be used.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. The device is capable of receiving WAP Push notifications, opening a browser upon user instigation, and following the embedded link.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. JS Support Basic Java Script -. The browser has some level of JavaScript support, typically Alert, Confirm, setInterval, setTimeout.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. The browser's JavaScript engine supports modifying DOM elements.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. The browser's JavaScript engine supports modifying CSS elements.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. The browser's JavaScript engine supports Events.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. The browser's JavaScript engine supports Event Listeners.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. The browser's JavaScript engine supports XMLHttpRequest.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. The browser's JavaScript engine supports console.log().. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. The browser's JavaScript engine supports JSON objects.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. Indicates whether the device supports the DeviceAtlas ClientSide component.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. The device is capable of connecting to CSD (Circuit Switched Data) networks.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. The device is capable of connecting to HS CSD (High Speed Circuit Switched Data) networks.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. The device is capable of connecting to GPRS (General Packet Radio Service) networks.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. The device is capable of connecting to EDGE (Enhanced Data rates for GSM Evolution) networks.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. The device is capable of connecting to HSDPA (High-Speed Downlink Packet Access) networks.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. The device is capable of connecting to UMTS (Universal Mobile Telecommunications System) networks.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. The device is capable of connecting to HSPA+ (Evolved High-Speed Packet Access) networks.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. The device is capable of connecting to LTE (Long Term Evolution) networks.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. The device is capable of connecting to LTE Advanced (Long Term Evolution Advanced) networks.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. The UE Category of the device, defining the combined uplink and downlink capability as specified in 3GPP TS36.306.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. The device is capable of making VoLTE calls. When True, this implies LTE, HD Voice, and AMR-WB are True.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. The device is capable of connecting to WiFi networks.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. The device is capable of seamless call handover between Wi-Fi and VoLTE connections.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. The device natively supports Rich Communication Services as specified in GSMA RCS6.0 UNI.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. The browser supports the audio HTML tag.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. The browser supports the canvas element.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. The browser supports the video HTML tag.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. The browser's JavaScript engine supports Application Cache.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. The browser's JavaScript engine supports Geo Location.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. The browser's JavaScript engine supports indexedDB.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. The browser's JavaScript engine supports Local Storage.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. The browser's JavaScript engine supports Session Storage.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. The browser's JavaScript engine supports Web GL.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. The browser's JavaScript engine supports the Web Sockets API.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. The browser's JavaScript engine supports the Web SQL Database API.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. The browser's JavaScript engine supports the Web Workers API.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. The browser's JavaScript engine supports Device Orientation.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. The browser's JavaScript engine supports Device Motion event.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. The browser's JavaScript engine supports Touch events.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. The browser's JavaScript engine supports the Query Selector.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. Stream 3GP H.264 Level 1.0 -. Support for the streaming of media encoded in the 3GP envelope, with the H264 (MPEG-2 PART 10) codec and in Level 1.0. Verify that the browser behaves as expected.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. Stream 3GP H.264 Level 1.0b -. Support for the streaming of media encoded in the 3GP envelope, with the H264 (MPEG-2 PART 10) codec and in Level 1.0b. Verify that the browser behaves as expected.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. Stream 3GP H.264 Level 1.1 -. Support for the streaming of media encoded in the 3GP envelope, with the H264 (MPEG-2 PART 10) codec and in Level 1.1. Verify that the browser behaves as expected.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. Stream 3GP H.264 Level 1.2 -. Support for the streaming of media encoded in the 3GP envelope, with the H264 (MPEG-2 PART 10) codec and in Level 1.2. Verify that the browser behaves as expected.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. Stream 3GP H.264 Level 1.3 -. Support for the streaming of media encoded in the 3GP envelope, with the H264 (MPEG-2 PART 10) codec and in Level 1.3. Verify that the browser behaves as expected.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. Support for the streaming of media encoded in the 3GP envelope, with the AAC (M4V/MP4) Low Complexity codec. Verify that the browser behaves as expected.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. Support for the streaming of media encoded in the 3GP envelope, with the H263 codec. Verify that the browser behaves as expected.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. Support for the streaming of media encoded in the 3GP envelope, with the AMR audio codec, in Narrow Band. Verify that the browser behaves as expected.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. Support for the streaming of media encoded in the 3GP envelope, with the AMR audio codec, in Wide Band. Verify that the browser behaves as expected.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. Stream MP4 H.264 Level 1.1 -. Support for the streaming of media encoded in the MP4 envelope, with the H264 codec and in Level 1.1. Verify that the browser behaves as expected.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. Stream MP4 H.264 Level 1.3 -. Support for the streaming of media encoded in the MP4 envelope, with the H264 codec and in Level 1.3. Verify that the browser behaves as expected.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. Support for the streaming of media encoded in the MP4 envelope, with the AAC (M4V/MP4) Low Complexity codec. Verify that the browser behaves as expected.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. Support for the HTTP live Streaming protocol.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. The ability to play WMV envelope for video files. The device is able to parse the WMV envelope for video files.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. The ability to play a video that includes audio encoded with QCELP (Qualcomm Code Excited Linear Prediction) codec. The device is able to play videos with audio encoded using QCELP.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. Support for the playback of media encoded in the 3GP envelope, with the H264 (MPEG-2 PART 10) codec and in Level 1.0. Verify that the browser behaves as expected.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. Support for the playback of media encoded in the 3GP envelope, with the H264 (MPEG-2 PART 10) codec and in Level 1.0b. Verify that the browser behaves as expected.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. Support for the playback of media encoded in the 3GP envelope, with the H264 (MPEG-2 PART 10) codec and in Level 1.1. Verify that the browser behaves as expected.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. Support for the playback of media encoded in the 3GP envelope, with the H264 (MPEG-2 PART 10) codec and in Level 1.2. Verify that the browser behaves as expected.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. Support for the playback of media encoded in the 3GP envelope, with the H264 (MPEG-2 PART 10) codec and in Level 1.3. Verify that the browser behaves as expected.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. Support for the playback of media encoded in the 3GP envelope, with the AAC (M4V/MP4) Low Complexity codec. Verify that the browser behaves as expected.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. Support for the playback of media encoded in the 3GP envelope, with the H263 codec. Verify that the browser behaves as expected.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. Support for the playback of media encoded in the 3GP envelope, with the AMR audio codec, in Narrow Band. Verify that the browser behaves as expected.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. Support for the playback of media encoded in the 3GP envelope, with the AMR audio codec, in Wide Band. Verify that the browser behaves as expected.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. Support for the playback of media encoded in the MP4 envelope, with the H264 codec and in Level 1.1. Verify that the browser behaves as expected.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. Support for the playback of media encoded in the MP4 envelope, with the H264 codec and in Level 1.3. Verify that the browser behaves as expected.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. Support for the playback of media encoded in the MP4 envelope, with the AAC (M4V/MP4) Low Complexity codec. Verify that the browser behaves as expected.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. The ability to play MIDI files with not more than 1 note at a time, normally Type 0. The device is able to play the MIDI file as expected.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. The ability to play MIDI files, can be Type 0 or Type 1, may have more than 1 note at a time. The device is able to play the MIDI file as expected.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. The ability to play AMR (Adaptive Multi-Rate) files as defined by 3GPP. The device is able to play the AMR file as expected.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. The ability to play MP3 (MPEG-1 Audio Layer 3) files. The device is able to play the MP3 file as expected.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. The ability to play AAC (Advanced Audio Coding) as defined as part of the MPEG-4 specifications. The device is able to play the AAC file as expected.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. The ability to play QCELP (Qualcomm Code Excited Linear Prediction) audio files. The device is able to play the QCELP file as expected.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. The device is able to open, read and respect the forward lock constraints as defined in the OMA DRM v1.0 specifications.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. The device is able to open, read and respect the combined delivery constraints as defined in the OMA DRM v1.0 specifications.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. The device is able to open, read and respect the separate delivery constraints as defined in the OMA DRM v1.0 specifications.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. The device is able to open, read and respect the download rules as defined in the OMA DRM v1.0 specifications.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. Version number of supported Java MIDP (Mobile Information Device Profile), e.g. The device fully supports JSR 37 or 118 and following as defined by Sun Microsystems.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. Version number of supported Java CLDC (Connected Limited Device Configuration), e.g 1.0. The device fully supports JSR 30 or 139 and following as defined by Sun Microsystems.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. The J2ME virtual machine implements JSR 30. The device fully supports JSR 30 as defined by Sun Microsystems.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. The J2ME virtual machine implements JSR 139. The device fully supports JSR 139 as defined by Sun Microsystems.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. The J2ME virtual machine implements JSR 37. The device fully supports JSR 37 as defined by Sun Microsystems.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. The J2ME virtual machine implements JSR 118. The device fully supports JSR 118 as defined by Sun Microsystems.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. To learn more on TAC database, please visit the Device Data for Mobile Operators page.. There was a problem loading the opinions for this property.. This is a property with the read-only access.. Thank you! Your opinion "%s" has been saved.. Thank you! Your opinion has been updated to "%s".. Your opinion "%s" has been removed.. There was a problem saving your opinion. Please try again or contact DeviceAtlas support.. There was a problem updating your opinion. Please try again or contact DeviceAtlas support.. There was a problem removing your opinion. Please try again or contact DeviceAtlas support.. Only integer values are permitted for this property.. Only alphanumeric characters and , _. - ^ / + [space] are permitted for this property.. Only boolean values are permitted for this property.. Please choose or enter an opinion value.. Create amazing web presences on any screen. Learn everything about mobile web technology. Copyright © Afilias Technologies Limited 2018. This is a website of Afilias Technologies Ltd, a private company limited by shares, incorporated and registered in the Republic of Ireland with registered number 398040 and registered office at 6th Floor, 2 Grand Canal Square, Dublin 2, Ireland. By continuing to use the site, you accept our use of cookies. 
Toggle navigation Gadget Specifications. Home Popular Brands Acer Apple Asus BlackBerry Google HTC Lenovo LG Meizu Nokia OnePlus Samsung Sony Xiaomi ZTE Sort by year 2017 2016 2015 2014 2013. Network: Technology GSM / HSPA 2G bands GSM 850 / 900 / 1800 / 1900 - SIM 1 & SIM 2 3G bands HSDPA 850 / 1900 - EM24043 Speed HSPA 7.2/0.384 Mbps GPRS Yes EDGE Yes Network Features HSDPA 900 / 2100 - EM24047 Launch: Announced 2015, January Status Available. Released 2015, June Body: Dimensions 125 x 58.5 x 19 mm (4.92 x 2.30 x 0.75 in) Weight 134 g (4.73 oz) Sim Card Dual SIM (Mini-SIM, dual stand-by) Body Features - IP67 certified - dust and water resistant up to 1 meter and 30 minutes Display: Type TFT, 256K colors Size 2.4 inches (~24.4% screen-to-body ratio) Resolution 240 x 320 pixels (~167 ppi pixel density) Memory: Internal 128 MB, 32 MB RAM Card Slot microSD, up to 32 GB Phonebook Yes Call records Yes Camera: Primary 3.15 MP Camera Features No Video Yes Secondary No Sound: Alert Types Vibration; Polyphonic, MP3 ringtones Loudspeaker Yes Connectivity: WLAN No Bluetooth v2.1, A2DP GPS No Radio Stereo FM radio USB microUSB v2.0 Features: Messaging SMS, MMS, Email Browser WAP Games Downloadable Java Yes Others Music/Video player Organizer Calendar Calculator Voice memo Battery: Type Removable Li-Ion 1900 mAh battery Talk time Up to 11 h Stand by Up to 316 h Misc: Colors Gray. Other phones by Energizer Recent devices. Energizer Energy 100 Energizer Energy 200 Energizer Energy 400 Energizer Energy 500 View all phones by Energizer. Acer DX650 Alcatel OT-102 Acer beTouch E200 Alcatel ELLE GlamPhone Acer F900 Alcatel OT-222 Alcatel OT-280 Acer beTouch E100 ZTE F912 Vodafone 725 BlackBerry Curve 8520 Alcatel OT-800 One Touch CHROME Alcatel OT-600 Alcatel OT-660 Alcatel OT-303 BlackBerry Tour 9630 BLU TV2Go Alcatel OT-S121 Asus P835 Apple iPhone 3GS. The site was launched in june 2016 and is was meant to be a glosary about the gadgets available or rumored on the internet.. Apple Asus BlackBerry Google LG Microsoft Samsung Sony Xiaomi. 2017 2016 2015 2014 2013 2012 2011 2010 2009. 2008 2007 2006 2005 2004 2003 2002 2001 2000. 
Garantie 2 ans par le SAV Darty. Click & Collect ® 1h. Nouveau Samsung Galaxy S9 | S9+. Entretien et soin de la maison. 5€ de remise Click & Collect. Afin de vous proposer des services et offres adaptés à vos centres d'intérêt, Darty utilise des cookies. En continuant de naviguer sur le site, vous déclarez accepter leur utilisation.. Téléphone étanche - Résistant IP67 - 3G+. Ecran 2.4" (6.1cm) - 320x240 pixels 256 000 couleurs. ENERGIZER Energy 240 , un concentré de performance.. Répondant à la norme IP67 , il est protégé contre toute intrusion de poussière et capable de résister à la pression d'un jet d'eau ou d'une. immersion totale à 1 mètre pendant 30 minutes .. Pratique et facile à nettoyer, son design étudié ravira les professionnels soucieux de rester branchés en toutes circonstances !. Le Energy 240 embraque deux cartes SIM ! Idéal pour les personnes qui souhaitent centraliser sur un seul et même mobile leurs deux abonnements téléphoniques, personnel et professionnel par exemple.. Le confort d'utilisation n'est pas en reste, puisque ce modèle bénéficie d'un. appareil-photo 3.2 Mpixels avec flash intégré , d'un. baladeur MP3 et de la Radio FM ainsi que d'une lampe torche, il est également. (non fournie) pour une capacité de stockage maximale allant. Idéal pour les aventuriers, les randonneurs et autres amateurs de grands espaces !. N'ayez plus peur d’être à court d'énergie grâce à sa. batterie 1900 mAh vous offrant une autonomie de. 11 heure en communication et de 12 jours en veille .. 128 Mo de mémoire ROM et 32 Mo de mémoire RAM. 20 heures en communication 12 jours en veille. 12.5 x 5.88 x 1.9 cm. Questions / réponses de nos clients. Bonjour, Le telephone possède t'il une boussole intégrée , l'altimètre et la localisation …. Bonjour, Le telephone possède t'il une boussole intégrée , l'altimètre et la localisation GPS ? merci. Par joel34461512, il y a 24 mois. Non, pas de boussole, ni rien de très intéressant comme "gadget", juste la lampe (à activer et désactiver par menu) et la radio (uniquement avec casque), ne permet même pas d’accéder à une page web https et le lécteur audio n'est pas simple d'utilisation.. Par stop15123705, il y a 23 mois. Bonjour, Le telephone possède t'il une boussole intégrée , l'altimètre et la localisation …. Bonjour, Le telephone possède t'il une boussole intégrée , l'altimètre et la localisation GPS ? merci. Par joel34461512, il y a 24 mois. Non, pas de boussole, ni rien de très intéressant comme "gadget", juste la lampe (à activer et désactiver par menu) et la radio (uniquement avec casque), ne permet même pas d’accéder à une page web https et le lécteur audio n'est pas simple d'utilisation.. Par stop15123705, il y a 23 mois. (100 %) recommanderaient ce produit à un ami. Bon Materiel mais logiciel décevant !. C'est un téléphone apparemment très solide mais qui manque d'une bonne conceptio…. das très très bas et 3g. Bon Materiel mais logiciel décevant !. de 38460, un homme, 25-34 ans. Niveau de maîtrise du produit : confirmé. C'est un téléphone apparemment très solide mais qui manque d'une bonne conception logiciel... Coté matériel : Le téléphone est robuste, léger et semble tenir ces promesses de téléphone « solide » et étanche (enfin je l’ai fait chuter et tremper quelques fois sans abuser non plus mais il rebondi bien et donne l’impression d’une bonne solidité). Pas de soucis pour écouter de la musique sous la douche, le volume du HP (Haut Parleur) est puissant et la qualité très acceptable, un plaisir en situation bruyante. -> IMPORTANT, la réception est très bonne malgré le DAS extrêmement faible (de mémoire, 0,160Kw/gr annoncé, un record! c’est un des critère phare de ce téléphone d’après moi pour un des rare tel 3G solide – évitez la 2G – technologie bcp plus nocive!). L’écran par contre se raye facilement (apparemment normal pour un écran qui ne se casse pas facilement), prévoir un film de protection (ça coute moins de 3€). Mais il est très lumineux et très grand pour un téléphone non tactile. L’appareil photo, en revanche, est très décevant et il y un un long délais entre l’appuie et la prise de photo (~3sec)… Pour regarder sur le tel, c’est très bon, si non, ne comptez pas utiliser les photos sur PC, sauf en dépannage ! Coté AUTONOMIE, c’est très bon, 4h45 de communications (souvent avec le HP) en une semaine, sachant que j’éteins le tel la nuit mais utilise le réveil. Donc dure de savoir exactement, mais la 1ere charge a tenu exactement une semaine. A oui, contrairement à son petit frere le Energy 200, pas de radio sans écouteurs (et après un petit test, la réception était décevante). La torche est suffisamment puissante mais… Coté logiciel… Quelle déception, on vois que Energizer n’est pas spécialiste… Pour allumer la torche, rdv dans les menu, après 3 cliques, on peut allumer, idem pour éteindre… Super pas pratique !!! Pas de saisie intuitive dans les messages (pas de T9) et, pour naviguer entre minuscule et maj, obligé de passer toutes les langues (une 10aine!), une aberration ! Si vous lancer un MP3 depuis le fichier, impossible de faire de réglages (ni volume ni rien!), obligé de passer par le lecteur audio, lui aussi incompréhensible : on dirait bien qu’ils ont utilisés la version tactile pour (mal) l’adapté à un téléphone à touche. Il faut donc deviner ou se trouve sur le clavier chaque bouton affichés à l’écran, et certain n’ont aucune correspondance avec le clavier (donc une partie des fonctions affichées à l’écran sont inaccessibles). Et il recharge tout les fichiers du dossier « audio » à chaque démarrage du lecteur… Par contre, une touche clavier est dédiée à l’ouverture du logiciel audio (qui reste actif en tache de font, donc pratique de pouvoir ouvrir le lecteur d’un seul bouton). Quoi d’autre?… Pas d’affichage de l’heure pendant une conversation, impossible de se connecter en HTTPS avec le WAP (oubliez gmail par exemple, mais ce tel n’est pas fait pour aller sur le net me direz vous, enfin ça dépanne parfois!). Vous en voulez encore ? Si vous souhaitez utiliser des images pour les appelants ou en fond / veille etc… vous allez devoir réduire au max la qualité, car la taille maxi est vraiment petite, une galère de plus… Et jamais compris comment modifier une photos (pivoter par exemple!!!) Pour copier des fichiers, il faut se casser la tête avant de trouver l’option. Lors d’un appel, la fonction HP change de place selon les cas, parfois facile d’accès, parfois en plusieurs cliques; Impossible de mettre le tel en silencieux lors d’un appel entrant (obligé de renvoyer sur messagerie pour couper la sonnerie)… Coté réglages, vous avez droit au minimum syndicale… Bref, toutes ces petites choses qui rendent un téléphone agréable et pratique sont quasi inexistantes… Franchement, les ingénieurs doivent utiliser des smartphone depuis longtemps, parce que les nokia des 1ères années étaient bien mieux pensés !!! Coté application, le stricte minimum… Donc bon, voila un téléphone qui pourrait être PARFAIT (excepter l’appareil photo), mais qui, à cause du système d’exploitation mal pensé, devient très désagréable à utiliser. Espérons que des versions viendrons corriger le tir dans quelques temps, mais j’en doute… Dommage, car un téléphone SOLIDE avec moins de 200mW/gr de DAS en 3G je n’en connais pas d’autres… En plus étanche et léger, avec une bonne autonomie et un bon HP… Rahhh quel dommage, pour quelques bêtises de conception logiciel… C’est sur que Solide, étanche, bonne réception et bonne autonomie, avec un DAS si faible, c’est juste UNE PREMIERE en 3G… Ca vaut bien les 3 étoiles… Pour moi, il reste le seul à avoir ces qualités… A vous de voir ;). Bon produit mais pas d écriture de sms en T9 (ou je n ai pas réussi à trouver). de 53000, un homme, 25-34 ans. Niveau de maîtrise du produit : confirmé. Bon produit mais pas d écriture de sms en T9 (ou je n ai pas réussi à trouver). La disponibilité des modèles sur Darty.com est actualisée en permanence. Les informations « Livraison à domicile », « Retrait en magasin » ou « Exposé dans certains magasins » sont valables au moment de votre connexion sur notre serveur et peuvent varier suivant votre lieu de livraison ou de retrait. Le prix affiché sur le site est celui pratiqué par Darty pour la vente en ligne. Dans le cas d'une offre de réduction de prix, le prix de référence correspond au prix le plus bas pratiqué sur darty.com au cours des 30 jours précédant le début de l'opération. La réduction affichée en pourcentage est calculée sur le prix de référence minoré des montants d’éco-participation et de redevance pour copie privée. Dans le cas où un produit n'est pas disponible à la vente en ligne, le prix pratiqué est celui des magasins Darty de la région Ile de France. Nos offres de produits et nos prix sont valables tant qu'ils sont visibles sur le site.. (montant affiché sur chaque fiche produit).. (montant affiché sur chaque fiche produit).. Ajouter à une liste existante :. Chargement de vos listes en cours…. Ajouter à une nouvelle liste :. *Publique : la liste peut être partagée par un lien via les réseaux sociaux à vos proches.. Vous pouvez ajouter une note :. Garantie 2 ans par le SAV Darty. Click & Collect ® 1h. Assistance téléphonique 7j/7 et 24h/24 au 0892 01 10 10 (40 cts/min). Plus de 200 magasins en France !. Découvrez tout l'univers de l'Electroménager, Hifi, High-Tech, Informatique, Cuisine dans le magasin Darty le plus proche de chez vous. Paris , Marseille , Lyon , Nice , Toulouse , Tous les magasins .. Informations sur les traitements de données à caractère personnel. Les offres et promos avant tout le monde. Des conseils et idées pour toutes vos envies.. Vous allez prochainement recevoir la newsletter Darty & Vous ainsi que les bons plans Darty.com .. Pour mieux vous connaître et vous servir, merci de nous indiquer :. Votre civilité * :. Votre nom * :. Votre prénom * :. Votre date de naissance * :. Veuillez indiquer votre date de naissance. Téléphone mobile * :. Veuillez indiquer un numéro de téléphone mobile. Veuillez indiquer un numéro de téléphone mobile valide. J'accepte de recevoir par SMS les informations et les offres commerciales de Darty * :. J'accepte de recevoir par email les informations et offres commerciales des autres entités du Groupe FNAC - Darty * :. La Société Etablissements DARTY et FILS met en œuvre des traitements de données à caractère personnel, dont elle est responsable, ayant pour principales finalités, la gestion de la relation client et les prospects, la gestion et le suivi des commandes et livraisons, la mesure de la qualité et de votre satisfaction, le marketing relationnel. En leur absence, votre commande pourrait ne pas être prise en compte ou son traitement retardé.. Nous vous invitons à réessayer votre inscription à la newsletter ultérieurement.. Vos informations ont bien été enregistrées.. Vous avez sélectionné une offre de notre partenaire Mistergooddeal.. Vous allez être redirigé vers leur site pour finaliser votre achat.. Vous pourrez ensuite revenir sur Darty.com pour poursuivre votre commande.. Merci de votre visite et à bientôt sur Darty.com.. Abonnez-vous à nos tableaux cuisine, déco & DIY. Suivez nos tutos et nos vidéos. Profitez des offres et services Darty où que vous soyez ! Utilisez le scan pour trouver immédiatement vos produits.. La Société Etablissements DARTY et FILS met en œuvre des traitements de données à caractère personnel, dont elle est responsable, ayant pour principales finalités, la gestion de la relation client et les prospects, la gestion et le suivi des commandes et livraisons, la mesure de la qualité et de votre satisfaction, le marketing relationnel. En leur absence, votre commande pourrait ne pas être prise en compte ou son traitement retardé.. 0 Comparer les produits. 0 Produits déjà consultés. Sélectionnez un produit pour l'ajouter au comparateur. Notre équipe vous aide et vous conseille par téléphone du lundi au dimanche de 7h à 22h au 0892 01 10 10 (40 cts/min).. Nos services sont désormais accessibles aux personnes sourdes ou malentendantes .. Besoin d'aide ? Consultez notre FAQ .. Voulez-vous remplacer votre premier produit par celui sélectionné ?. Ce modèle n'est disponible que dans certaines régions. Avant de l'ajouter au panier, nous vous invitons à vérifier s'il peut vous être livré.. Indiquez votre code postal de livraison *. Ce modèle est disponible dans cette région.. 
Energizer Energy 240 vs Nokia 108 Dual SIM. Compare Energizer Energy 240 and Nokia 108 Dual SIM. Compare Energizer Energy 240 vs ZTE Blade V7 Plus. Compare Energizer Energy 240 vs vivo V7. Compare Energizer Energy 240 vs Wiko Sunny2. Compare Energizer Energy 240 vs Wileyfox Swift 2 X. Compare Energizer Energy 240 vs ZTE Grand X View 2. Compare Energizer Energy 240 vs Digma Vox S513 4G. Compare Energizer Energy 240 vs Wiko Sunny2 Plus. Compare Energizer Energy 240 vs Xiaomi Redmi Note 4X. 
Energizer Energy 200 vs Energizer Energy 240. Compare Energizer Energy 200 and Energizer Energy 240. Compare Energizer Energy 200 vs ZTE Blade V7 Plus. Compare Energizer Energy 200 vs vivo V7. Compare Energizer Energy 200 vs Wiko Sunny2. Compare Energizer Energy 200 vs Wileyfox Swift 2 X. Compare Energizer Energy 200 vs ZTE Grand X View 2. Compare Energizer Energy 200 vs Digma Vox S513 4G. Compare Energizer Energy 200 vs Wiko Sunny2 Plus. Compare Energizer Energy 200 vs Xiaomi Redmi Note 4X. Energizer Energy 240 vs ZTE Blade V7 Plus comparison. Energizer Energy 240 vs vivo V7 comparison. Energizer Energy 240 vs Wiko Sunny2 comparison. Energizer Energy 240 vs Wileyfox Swift 2 X comparison. Energizer Energy 240 vs ZTE Grand X View 2 comparison. Energizer Energy 240 vs Digma Vox S513 4G comparison. Energizer Energy 240 vs Wiko Sunny2 Plus comparison. Energizer Energy 240 vs Xiaomi Redmi Note 4X comparison. 
Hello ( Sign in to bid or buy) Daily Deals Sell Help & Contact. Summary Recently Viewed Bids/Offers Watch List Purchase History Selling Saved Searches Saved Sellers Messages Collect & Spend Learn more. People who viewed this item also viewed. 2.4'' IP67 Waterproof Dustproof Shockproof DTNO.I A9 Quad Dual SIM Mobile Phone. 2.4'' IP67 Waterproof Dustproof Shockproof DTNO.I A9 Quad Dual SIM Mobile Phone. Mosthink Land Rover X9 Dual Handwriting Touch Screen Flip Russian Keyboard Phone. Waterproof IP67 Shockproof Mobile Phone Power Bank Unlockd Rugged Phone Outdoor. 4.5" IP67 Rugged Dual SIM Unlocked Android Mobile Phone 3G Waterproof Quad Core. Energizer Energy 240, IP67 certified dual sim mobile phone. Photos not available for this variation. Energizer Energy 240, IP67 certified dual sim mobile phone. Share on Facebook - opens in a new window or tab. Share on Twitter - opens in a new window or tab. Share on Pinterest - opens in a new window or tab. cellsolutionsuk has no other items for sale.. Please enter a quantity of $qty_dummy$ or less. Please enter a quantity of 1. Purchases are limited to $qty_dummy$ per buyer. Please enter quantity of 1 or more. Choose quantity that is less than $qty_dummy1$ or equal to $qty_dummy$. You can only choose quantity that is equal to $qty_dummy$. Collect 80 Nectar points. Get Started | Conditions for uk nectar points - opens in a new window or tab. No additional import charges on delivery.. This item will be sent through the Global Shipping Programme and includes international tracking. Learn more - opens in a new window or tab. May not post to Singapore. Read item description or contact seller for postage options. help icon for delivery - opens a layer. This amount includes applicable customs duties, taxes, brokerage and other fees. This amount is subject to change until you make payment. For additional information, see the Global Shipping Programme terms and conditions - opens in a new window or tab. This amount includes applicable customs duties, taxes, brokerage and other fees. This amount is subject to change until you make payment. If you reside in an EU member state besides UK, import VAT on this purchase is not recoverable. For additional information, see the Global Shipping Programme terms and conditions - opens in a new window or tab. An error occurred, please try again.. International postage paid to Pitney Bowes Inc. Learn More - opens in a new window or tab. International postage and import charges paid to Pitney Bowes Inc. Learn More - opens in a new window or tab. Any international postage and import charges are paid in part to Pitney Bowes Inc. Learn More - opens in a new window or tab. International postage paid to Pitney Bowes Inc. Learn More - opens in a new window or tab. Any international postage is paid in part to Pitney Bowes Inc. Learn More - opens in a new window or tab. Covered by the eBay Money Back Guarantee. See details - opens in a new window or tab. Report item - opens in a new window or tab. Seller assumes all responsibility for this listing.. New: A brand-new, unused, unopened and undamaged item in original retail packaging (where packaging is. If the item comes direct from a manufacturer, it may be delivered in non-retail packaging, such as a plain or unprinted box or plastic bag. See the seller's listing for full details. See all condition definitions - opens in a new window or tab. After receiving the item, cancel the purchase within. The buyer is responsible for return postage costs.. Most purchases from business sellers are protected by the Consumer Contract Regulations 2013 which give you the right to cancel the purchase within 14 days after the day you receive the item. Find out more about your rights as a buyer - opens in a new window or tab and exceptions - opens in a new window or tab .. Seller assumes all responsibility for this listing.. The seller hasn't specified a postage method to Singapore. Contact the seller - opens in a new window or tab and request post to your location.. Item location: birmingham, United Kingdom. Please enter a number less than or equal to 1.. Please enter up to 7 characters for the postcode. Will usually dispatch within 2 working days of receiving cleared payment - opens in a new window or tab .. Accepted, Eligibility for PayPal Credit is determined at checkout.. eBay Marketplaces GmbH is an appointed representative of eBay International AG (both of Helvetiastraße 15-17, 3005 Bern, Switzerland) and is authorised by the FCA to conduct credit broking for a restricted range of finance providers. We may receive commission if your application for credit is successful.. Finance is provided by PayPal Credit (a trading name of PayPal (Europe) S.à.r.l. et Cie, S.C.A., 22-24 Boulevard Royal L-2449, Luxembourg). eBay Marketplaces GmbH is an appointed representative of eBay International AG (both of Helvetiastraße 15-17, 3005 Bern, Switzerland) and is authorised by the FCA to conduct credit broking for a restricted range of finance providers. We may receive commission if your application for credit is successful.. Energizer Energy 240, IP67 certified dual sim mobile ph... Energizer Energy 240, IP67 certified dual sim mobile ph.... Added to your Watch list. Mobile and Smartphones with Dual SIM ,. Samsung Dual SIM Mobile & Smart Phones ,. 4G Dual SIM Mobile & Smart Phones ,. O2 Dual Cut Mobile Phone SIM Cards ,. Dual Cut Mobile Phone SIM Card ,. HTC Dual SIM Mobile & Smart Phones. Site Map Copyright © 1995-2018 eBay Inc. User Agreement , Privacy , Cookies and AdChoice Norton Secured - powered by Verisign. 
Energizer Energy 240 has Dual Sim Technology with microSD Card up to 32GB and a Long lasting Battery.. IPHONE 7 Plus 32GB Rose Gold. Reach our call center at +968 2453 1111. Please Login to your Sindbad account and click on Sindbad help.. Have a query? need clarification? We suggest you checkout our FAQs section and see if we can answer your question.. Get contact details of worldwide Oman Air offices. 
GSMchoice: 305 brands. A D V E R T I S E M E N T. Samsung Huawei LG Nokia Alcatel ZTE Prestigio Sony Asus BLU Motorola Lenovo HTC Sharp Coolpad Xiaomi Sony Ericsson Fly i-mobile Oppo Apple Intex Honor Panasonic Vivo Doogee myPhone Micromax Kyocera Wiko. Data Gallery Tests News Pictures Opinions Questions To your site. Energizer Energy 200 Energizer Energy 240 Energizer Energy 400 Energizer Energy 400 LTE Energizer Energy 500 Energizer Energy E10 Energizer Energy E20 Energizer Energy E520 Energizer Energy S550 Energizer Hardcase H240S Energizer Hardcase H550S Energizer Power Max P550S Energizer Power Max P600S. Dimensions (W x H x D). 125.00 x 58.50 x 19.00 mm. Color / TFT 256k colors 240 x 320 px. 2G: 300 h (12.5 days). microSD, microSDHC (up to 32 GB). A D V E R T I S E M E N T. If you want to add standard information about this phone to your site please - click here !. A D V E R T I S E M E N T. Popularity chart of Energizer Energy 240. We do our best to present the proper and current information on this page. However, in case of finding any error in the data above please. Sorry, there are no opinions yet.. © 2005 - 2018 PIK Sp. MWC18: Samsung finally reveals the premiere flagships ». MWC18: HMD Global and a lot of new Nokias – including the iconic “banana” ». MWC18: LG presents the LG V30S ThinQ model with artificial intelligence ». MWC18: Three series of Alcatel smartphones - the first launch in Barcelona ». MWC18: Huawei, a genius laptop and multimedia tablets ». Samsung Galaxy S9/S9+ Unpacked - where and how to watch? All Rights Reserved by PIK Sp. Your IP 162.158.179.32 Engine & layout by InterData. 
За GSM апарати, таблети: 0889886009/ 029435323. За фотоапарати и камери: 0896-83-01-01. Бяла техника и климатици: 0897-939-552 (-554). Всички категории Мобилни телефони - Таблети - Електронни книги / e-book Втора употреба GSM - Външни Батерии POWER BANK - Аксесоари за екшън камери - Калъфи за мобилни телефони - Калъфи за таблети и ebook - Калъфи за iPod - Слушалки - Bluetooth - Кабели - Стъклени Протектори за Мобилни телефони - Панели - Стойка за кола - CAR KIT - Фолио - Карти памет - Зарядни - Батерии - Докинг система - Други - Smart watch/Умни часовници - Гривни за спорт - Xiaomi смарт устройства - Радиостанция - VR за Телефони - Аксесоари за часовници - Джаджи - Фотоапарати - Обективи - Професионални видеокамери - Любителски видеокамери - Камери за екстремни спортове - Дронове - Бинокли - Зарядни устройства - Стативи - Чанти за фотоапарат - Аксесоари - Светкавици - Батерии - Микрофони за камери - UV филтри - Телевизори - Преносими тонколони - Автомобилна електроника - GPS навигация - Аудио системи - Видеорегистратори - Домашни кина, DVD players - Саундбар системи - Цифрови приемници,антени - Ресивъри - Цифрови диктофони - MP3 PLAYER - PlayStation - Аудио-видео aксесоари - Микрофони - Стойки за телевизори - Лаптопи - Настолни компютри - SSD и Hard Drive устройства - Тонколони - Монитори - Проектори - Принтери и Многофунционални устройства - Чанти за лаптоп - Клавиатури - Мишки - Волани и джойстици - Консумативи - Аксесоари и компоненти - Климатици - Мобилни климатици - Въздушни завеси - Wi Fi адаптер - Конвектор - Вентилаторни печки - Радиатори - Инфрачервени отоплителни уреди - Въздухопречистватели - Спрейове за климатици - Други - Аспиратори, Абсорбатори - Бойлери - Готварски печки - Ледогенератори - Микровълнови печки - Обезвлажнители - Овлажнители - Перални машини - Сушилни машини - Съдомиялни машини - Фризери и Ракли - Хладилници - Хладилни витрини - Аспиратори - Микровълнови фурни - Перални - Плотове - Съдомиялни машини - Фризери - Фурни - Хладилници - Настолни лампи - Автомат за вода - Блендери - Вентилатори - Електрически кани - Електрически котлони - Грижа за лицето - Епилатори - Кафемашини - Кантари/Кухненски везни - Картофобелачка - Кухненски роботи - Маши за коси - Лампи против насекоми - Машинки за подстригване - Месомелачки - Миксери - Мултифункционални уреди - Пасатори - Прахосмукачки - Преси за коса - Самобръсначки - Сандвич-тостери - Сешоари - Скари - Соларни лампи - Сокоизтисквачки - Тенджери под налягане - Тостери - Уреди за готвене на пара - Тримери за тяло - Фритюрници - Хлебопекарни - Ютии - Тигани - Шевни машини - Телефонни централи - Стационарни телефони - Велосипеди - Електрически велосипеди - Аксесоари - Електрически скутери - електрически четки за зъби - Апарати за кръвно - Кантари - Детоксикатор - Лежанки, пейки и още - Бягащи пътеки - Велоергометри - Кростренажори - Комбинирани уреди - Офис столове - Светлини - Трекинг - Ножове - Инструменти. GSM Energizer Energy 240 Dual SIM. Energizer Energy 240 е точният модел за вас.Подсилен с гумено покритие, което издържа на падане,удари и позволява лесна поддръжка.Допълнителните уплътнения…. 850 / 900 / 1800 / 1900. 125 mm x 58.5 mm x 19 mm. 240 x 320 пиксела, 2.4 инча. Ревю на Energizer Energy 240 Dual SIM. BrosBG , 8 август 2017. Energizer Energy 240 е точният модел за вас.Подсилен с гумено покритие, което издържа на падане,удари и позволява лесна поддръжка.Допълнителните уплътнения осигуряват сигурност,че телефонът няма да се намокри. Energy 240 разполага с 1900 mAh батерия и над 300 часа готовност за работа.Така ще имате възможност да подържате връзка с близки, приятели и колеги постоянно и по всяко време.Energizer Energy 240 е точният избор за сигурен и надежден телефон.. Samsung Galaxy S7 G930 Dual SIM. Първият смартфон процесор в света с изкуствен интелект (AI). Google Pixel 2 и Pixel 2 XL. Брос Мобайл - мобилни телефони и електроника. За GSM апарати, таблети: 0889886009/ 029435323. Бяла техника и климатици: 0897-939-552 (-554). © 2018 GSM Онлайн Магазин Brosbg.com | Мобилни Телефони, смартфони и Електроника. 
Please select at least 2 devices to compare. Currency USD GBP CAD AUD EUR INR. If you want to buy Energizer Energy 240 online but still doubt, the mobile phone full specification will help you to make right decision! Pay attention to such info like smartphone dimensions, screen size and resolution, processor and battery life. Use the list of the offers for Energizer Energy 240 with price to select the best deal.. Energizer Energy 240 specification and prices Where to buy Energizer Energy 240? Energizer Energy 240 compared to rivals Energizer Energy 240 videos Energizer Energy 240 reviews by users and experts. Home Phones Other Energizer phones. First information about the Energy 240 by Energizer appeared on January 2015 and on sale it appeared on June 2015. The mobile is on sale from carriers including AT&T Wireless, Sprint, Verizon Wireless, T-Mobile as well as retailers like Target, RadioShack. Energy 240 runs 32 MB RAM that is not enough for normal usage. This device has bad 3.15 megapixel rear camera. It will produce pictures and videos of a very low quality and you won't be able to get nice photos. To take a pictures with a better quality check Energy 400 and for the best quality you will need Apple iPhone 8. The cell phone has a rather small 2.4 inch display. This mobile has removable Li-Ion 1900 mAh battery, that will provide up to 316 hours of standby time and about 11 hours of talk time. It is average battery life results. The Energy 240 weight is 134 grams (4.73 oz), it is 125 mm (4.92 in) high, 58.5 mm (2.30 in) wide and has a 19 mm (0.75 in) depth what means that this mobile phone is thick. You can buy Energy 240 in Gray color.. 240 x 320 pixels (~167 ppi pixel density). 125 x 58.5 x 19 mm (4.92 x 2.30 x 0.75 in). 134 g (4.73 oz, 0.3 lb). GSM 850 / 900 / 1800 / 1900 - SIM 1 & SIM 2. HSDPA 850 / 1900 - EM24043 HSDPA 900 / 2100 - EM24047. List of all phones similar to Energizer Energy 240. Compare tech specs of Energy 240 to its rivals. Find out what mobile phone has better camera, processor, screen and battery life.. Many phones specification looks similar to Energizer Energy 240 at first sight. And sometimes it can be even difficult to say which cell phone is better until you compare their specs side by side. That's why Energizer Energy 240 comparison to its rivals will help you greatly to select really the best smartphone for now.. Energizer Energy 240 vs Allview E2 Living. Energizer Energy 240 vs Samsung Galaxy Young 2. Energizer Energy 240 vs LG L35. Energizer Energy 240 vs BLU Dash L2. Energizer Energy 240 vs Lava Iris 410. Energizer Energy 240 vs Celkon Q3K Power. Energizer Energy 240 vs Allview C5 Smiley. Energizer Energy 240 vs Samsung Galaxy Star 2 Plus. Energizer Energy 240 vs LG L50. Energizer Energy 240 vs BLU Dash 4.5 (2016). Energizer Energy 240 vs Lava Iris 250. Energizer Energy 240 vs Celkon A35k Remote. Energizer Energy 240 vs NIU Tek 4D2. Energizer Energy 240 vs Samsung Galaxy Ace NXT. Energizer Energy 240 vs Celkon A66. Energizer Energy 240 vs BLU Advance 4.0 L. Energizer Energy 240 vs Lava Iris 401. Energizer Energy 240 vs Celkon Campus Prime. Energizer Energy 240 vs ZTE Open C. Energizer Energy 240 vs Samsung Galaxy V. Energizer Energy 240 vs QMobile Noir A115 ATV. Energizer Energy 240 vs Celkon A35k. Energizer Energy 240 vs BLU Dash L. Energizer Energy 240 vs Celkon A403. Energizer Energy 240 vs Lava Iris 465. Energizer Energy 240 vs ZTE Kis 3. Energizer Energy 240 vs Samsung Z1. Energizer Energy 240 vs QMobile Noir X35. Energizer Energy 240 vs Celkon A21. Energizer Energy 240 vs BLU Studio 5.0 E. Energizer Energy 240 vs Unnecto Drone Z. Energizer Energy 240 vs Alcatel 2012. Energizer Energy 240 vs Spice Stellar 440 (Mi-440). Energizer Energy 240 vs Samsung Xcover 550. Energizer Energy 240 vs Huawei Ascend Y330. Energizer Energy 240 vs Nokia X. Energizer Energy 240 vs Celkon Campus Colt A401. Energizer Energy 240 vs BLU Neo 4.5. Energizer Energy 240 vs Unnecto Drone X. Energizer Energy 240 vs Alcatel Pop C2. Energizer Energy 240 vs Spice Stellar 439 (Mi-439). Energizer Energy 240 vs Spice Mi-451 Smartflo Poise. Energizer Energy 240 vs Samsung Metro 360. Energizer Energy 240 vs Sony Xperia E1. Energizer Energy 240 vs Nokia X+. Energizer Energy 240 vs Celkon Campus Buddy A404. Energizer Energy 240 vs BLU Studio 5.0 CE. Energizer Energy 240 vs Unnecto Drone XL. Energizer Energy 240 vs Alcatel Pop 2 (4). Energizer Energy 240 vs Spice Mi-451 3G. Energizer Energy 240 vs Samsung Galaxy V Plus. Energizer Energy 240 vs Sony Xperia E1 dual. Energizer Energy 240 vs Maxwest Astro X4. Energizer Energy 240 vs Celkon A518. Energizer Energy 240 vs BLU Dash C Music. Energizer Energy 240 vs Micromax Bolt D320. Energizer Energy 240 vs Alcatel 2007. Energizer Energy 240 vs Spice Mi-449 3G. Energizer Energy 240 vs QMobile Noir A75. Energizer Energy 240 vs LG Wine Smart. Energizer Energy 240 vs XOLO A500S Lite. Energizer Energy 240 vs BLU Life Play Mini. Energizer Energy 240 vs Celkon Q405. Energizer Energy 240 vs Micromax Bolt D303. Energizer Energy 240 vs Oppo R1001 Joy. Energizer Energy 240 vs LG L40 Dual D170. Energizer Energy 240 vs BLU Advance 4.0 L2. Energizer Energy 240 vs Lava Iris 402e. Energizer Energy 240 vs Celkon A402. Energizer Energy 240 vs Vodafone Smart 4 mini. Energizer Energy 240 vs Oppo Joy Plus. Energizer Energy 240 vs LG L40 D160. Energizer Energy 240 vs BLU Energy JR. Energizer Energy 240 vs Lava Iris 360 Music. Energizer Energy 240 vs Celkon Q452. Energizer Energy 240 video reviews will give you full info about the phone's specs and features in the most convenient way. Just click Play button and relax.. There is no need to read any texts and to explore huge tables with specs. Just watch a few videos about Energizer Energy 240 to find out if you want to buy this smartphone.. List of Energizer Energy 240 reviews by experts and users. The phone rating will help you to facilitate the process of selecting. And we ask owners of Energizer Energy 240 not to forget to rate this mobile phone and leave their reviews!. The best way to understand all pros and cons of Energizer Energy 240 is to read reviews by customers and experts from GSMArena, CNET, TechRadar and others. You will find there real-world experience and not just an attractive advertising slogans of the manufacturer. And if you are already the owner of Energizer Energy 240 please share your experience to help other people to decide if they want to buy this mobile phone. Do you have little time for review? Then just rate Energizer Energy 240 it will be very useful too!. Have you already bought this phone? Rate Energizer Energy 240 to help other customers!. 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10. 0 reviews by experts 0 reviews by users Add review. How much is the Energy 240 cost and where to buy it online? When does the Energy 240 come out in Canada, USA and India and how big is it? SpecsPRO will answer all your questions about this smartphone an even more! We've compared Energizer Energy 240 specs with its rivals, just check the list of comparisons to find out if this mobile phone is the best choice.. 
Sravni.bg е справочен продукт и не носи отговорност за актуалността и верността на офертите.. 
Home Brands Top List Feature List Contact Compare Phones. SORT RESULTS BY DATE NAME PRICE. Energizer Energy 240 EM24047 Dimension 125x58.5x19mm (4.92x2.3x0.75") Weight 134gr (4.73oz) Form Factor Candy Bar Material Dust Resistant Water Resistant IP67 Colors Metal Frame Display Resolution 240x320px Display Size 37x49mm (1.46x1.93") ~167PPI Display Diagonal 2.4" Display Type 256K TFT Secondary Display Resolution Input Navigation Joystick / Button Numeric Keypad Talk Time 11 hours Standby Time 13 days, 4 hours OS Java Available Vibration Available Ringtone Chipset Processor GPU Ram 32MB Internal Memory 128MB External Memory microSD Camera Resolution 3.15 Megapixel Camera Flash Camera Lens Optical Zoom Front Camera Second Front Camera Front Camera Flash Other Functionalities Speaker Mono Battery Capacity 1900mAh Battery Type WIMAX WiFi UPnP NFC USB v2.0 Bluetooth v2.1 Positioning System TV Receiver TV Out Audio Output 3.5mm Jack Radio FM Ethernet Infrared Network Compatibility GSM 1800, 1900, 850, 900 UMTS 900, 2100 HSPA 900, 2100 GSM 1800, 1900, 850, 900 UMTS 850, 1900 HSPA 850, 1900 SIM Cards 2x Mini PTT HSCSD GPRS Available EDGE Available AMPS CDMA2000 1xEV-DO GSM 1900 / GSM 850 GSM 1900 Price Range. This phone is not compatible with any US GSM operator.. Energizer Energy 240 EM24047 vs Nokia N77. Energizer Energy 240 EM24047 vs LG KT610. Energizer Energy 240 EM24047 vs Samsung Metro 360. Energizer Energy 240 EM24047 vs Samsung Convoy 3 Non Camera. Energizer Energy 240 EM24047 vs Nokia N77. FIND / COMPARE PHONES BRANDS Apple HTC LG Motorola Nokia Samsung Sony All Brands TOP LISTS Fastest CPU Slimmest Cell Phones More OTHER SECTIONS Feature List. We cannot guarantee the validity of information found here. Global United States United Kingdom India Türkish Arabic Spanish Portuguese Tablet Website. 
GSM 850 /900 / 1800 / 1900 - الشريحة الاولي & الثانية. Dual SIM شريحتين (Mini-SIM , dual stand-by) الشريحتين في وضع الاستعداد. 121.7 × 55.8 × 19.8 ملم. TFT كابستيف تدعم اللمس ، 256 ألف لون. 2.0 بوصه ، 240 × 320 بكسل. مقاوم للماء لمدة 30 دقيقه تحت الماء لمسافة 1 متر ، و معيار الحمايه IP67 ، ومقاوم للصدمات والغبار. 8 ميجا بايت ، 8 ميجا رام. مايكرو - ما يصل إلى 32 جيجا بايت. سرعة انترنت الجيل الثانى (إي دي جي إي EDGE). الرسائل القصيرة ، رسائل الوسائط المتعددة، البريد الإلكتروني. يدعم , الاصدار 2.1 الثاني ، A2DP. قابله للازاله ليثيوم ايون 1450 ميلي امبير. فى حالة عدم الإستخدام (وضع الإستعداد). فى حالة استخدامة فى المكالمات (وضع التحدث). فى حالة استخدامة فى تشغيل الموسيقى. جميع الحقوق محفوظة لموقع قاعة الموبايلات © 2012-2018 , تصميم : صلاح امام. 
Home Brands Top List Feature List Contact Compare Phones. SORT RESULTS BY DATE NAME PRICE. Energizer Energy 240 EM24043 LG KT610 Height 125mm (4.92") 108.9mm (4.29") Width 58.5mm (2.3") 53.9mm (2.12") Depth 19mm (0.75") 17.2mm (0.68") Dimension 125x58.5x19mm (4.92x2.3x0.75") 108.9x53.9x17.2mm (4.29x2.12x0.68") 3D SIZE Weight 134gr (4.73oz) 125.5gr (4.43oz) Form Factor Candy Bar Clamshell Material Dust Resistant Water Resistant IP67 Colors Display Resolution 240x320px 320x240px Display Size 37x49mm (1.46x1.93") ~167PPI 49x37mm (1.93x1.46") ~167PPI Display Diagonal 2.4" 2.4" Display Type 256K TFT 256K TFT Secondary Display Resolution Input Navigation Joystick / Button Numeric Keypad Navigation panel Numeric Keypad QWERTY Keyboard Talk Time 11 hours 4 hours Standby Time 13 days, 4 hours 15 days, 10 hours OS Symbian v9.2 Java Available MIDP 2.0 Vibration Available Available Ringtone Polyphonic Chipset Processor 274MHz GPU Ram 32MB 64MB Internal Memory 128MB 256MB External Memory microSD microSD Camera Resolution 3.15 Megapixel 2 Megapixel Camera Flash Camera Lens Optical Zoom Front Camera 0.3 Megapixel Second Front Camera Front Camera Flash Other Functionalities Speaker Mono Mono Battery Capacity 1900mAh 960mAh Battery Type WIMAX WiFi UPnP NFC USB v2.0 v1.1 Bluetooth v2.1 v2.0 Positioning System Integrated GPS TV Receiver TV Out Audio Output 3.5mm Jack Radio FM Ethernet Infrared Network Compatibility GSM 1800, 1900, 850, 900 UMTS 850, 1900 HSPA 850, 1900 GSM 1800, 1900, 900 UMTS 2100 HSPA 2100 SIM Cards 2x Mini Mini PTT HSCSD GPRS Available Class 10 EDGE Available Class 10 AMPS CDMA2000 1xEV-DO World Compatibility AT&T GSM 1900 / GSM 850 / UMTS 850 / UMTS 1900 / HSDPA 850 / HSDPA 1900 GSM 1900 T-Mobile US GSM 1900 / UMTS 1900 / HSDPA 1900 GSM 1900 Verizon Sprint Nextel Images Reviews Display Verdicts Price Range Published On January 2015 January 2008. Side View 3D Separated Top View 3D Inside Front View. The KT610 has quite a number of things going for it and one of them is its attractive price. However, issues like a questionable keyboard layout and absent Wi-Fi make this LG a little less appealing. Unless you are budget strapped, you should be able to find a better QWERTY handset in the market. KT610 is LG's way of saying the communicator class isn't reserved for insanely expensive high end devices. Packing a large full-QWERTY keyboard and neat and simple looks, the S60 Symbian handset spells business. FIND / COMPARE PHONES BRANDS Apple HTC LG Motorola Nokia Samsung Sony All Brands TOP LISTS Fastest CPU Slimmest Cell Phones More OTHER SECTIONS Feature List. We cannot guarantee the validity of information found here. Global United States United Kingdom India Türkish Arabic Spanish Portuguese Tablet Website. 
Compare price on all Energizer Mobile Phones (15). Offers from 1 shops, including 1 paying shops.. We aim to list all offers available on the market.. Display used and ex demo products. Energizer Energy 240 (2.4 Inch) Hardcase Phone 128mb Bt Camera (black). How frequently is the information updated?. Beauty & Health Perfume Watches Backpacks Moisturisers Suitcases & Bags Foundations Hair Straighteners & Curling Irons Home & Garden Vacuum Cleaners Washing Machines Fridge Freezers Kettles Dishwashers Microwaves Espresso Machines Computers & Accessories Graphics Cards (PCI Express) Tablets Monitors Ink Cartridges CPUs Laptops Multifunction Printers Audio & Video TVs Headphones Portable Speakers Home Cinema Systems Radios Blu-ray Players Media Players Multi-room Products Sports & Outdoors Running Shoes Hiking & Trekking Shoes Bicycle Helmets Football Boots Golf Clubs Ski Helmets Bicycle Shoes Sports Watches Phones & GPS Mobile Phones Activity Trackers Fitness Watches Smartwatches Phone Cases & Covers Cordless Phones GPS Navigators Games & Consoles PS4 Games Xbox One Games Game Consoles Nintendo Switch Games Gamepads PC Games Gaming Steering Wheels & Pedals Virtual Reality (VR) Products Kids & Toys LEGO Child Car Seats Prams & Pushchairs Drones Highchairs & Booster Seats Playmobil Baby Bouncers Table Games Camera & Photo DSLR Cameras Digital Compact Cameras Camera Lenses Video Cameras Instant Cameras Camera Stands Dash Cams Drones for Photo & Video Themes & campaigns Daily Deals Our categories A-Z List of all our categories in alphabetical order PriceSpy Raw PriceSpy Raw lets you search for products not currently indexed, e.g. 
GSM 850 /900 / 1800 / 1900 - الشريحة الاولي & الثانية. HSDPA 850 / 1900 - EM24043 HSDPA 900 / 2100 - EM24047. Dual SIM شريحتين (Mini-SIM , dual stand-by) الشريحتين في وضع الاستعداد. 125 × 58.5 × 19 ملم. مقاوم للماء لمدة 30 دقيقه تحت الماء لمسافة 1 متر ، و معيار الحمايه IP67 ، ومقاوم للصدمات والغبار. TFT كابستيف تدعم اللمس ، 256 ألف لون. 2.4 بوصه ، 240 × 320 بكسل. 128 ميجا بايت ، 32 ميجا رام. مايكرو - ما يصل إلى 32 جيجا بايت. سرعة انترنت الجيل الثانى (إي دي جي إي EDGE). الرسائل القصيرة ، رسائل الوسائط المتعددة، البريد الإلكتروني. يدعم , الاصدار 2.1 الثاني ، A2DP. قابله للازاله ليثيوم ايون 1900 ميلي امبير. فى حالة عدم الإستخدام (وضع الإستعداد). فى حالة استخدامة فى المكالمات (وضع التحدث). فى حالة استخدامة فى تشغيل الموسيقى. جميع الحقوق محفوظة لموقع قاعة الموبايلات © 2012-2018 , تصميم : صلاح امام. 
Home Brands Top List Feature List Contact Compare Phones. SORT RESULTS BY DATE NAME PRICE. Energizer Energy 240 EM24043 Dimension 125x58.5x19mm (4.92x2.3x0.75") Weight 134gr (4.73oz) Form Factor Candy Bar Material Dust Resistant Water Resistant IP67 Colors Metal Frame Display Resolution 240x320px Display Size 37x49mm (1.46x1.93") ~167PPI Display Diagonal 2.4" Display Type 256K TFT Secondary Display Resolution Input Navigation Joystick / Button Numeric Keypad Talk Time 11 hours Standby Time 13 days, 4 hours OS Java Available Vibration Available Ringtone Chipset Processor GPU Ram 32MB Internal Memory 128MB External Memory microSD Camera Resolution 3.15 Megapixel Camera Flash Camera Lens Optical Zoom Front Camera Second Front Camera Front Camera Flash Other Functionalities Speaker Mono Battery Capacity 1900mAh Battery Type WIMAX WiFi UPnP NFC USB v2.0 Bluetooth v2.1 Positioning System TV Receiver TV Out Audio Output 3.5mm Jack Radio FM Ethernet Infrared Network Compatibility GSM 1800, 1900, 850, 900 UMTS 850, 1900 HSPA 850, 1900 GSM 1800, 1900, 850, 900 UMTS 900, 2100 HSPA 900, 2100 SIM Cards 2x Mini PTT HSCSD GPRS Available EDGE Available AMPS CDMA2000 1xEV-DO Price Range. Energizer Energy 240 EM24043 vs Nokia N77. Energizer Energy 240 EM24043 vs Samsung Metro 360. Energizer Energy 240 EM24043 vs LG KT610. FIND / COMPARE PHONES BRANDS Apple HTC LG Motorola Nokia Samsung Sony All Brands TOP LISTS Fastest CPU Slimmest Cell Phones More OTHER SECTIONS Feature List. We cannot guarantee the validity of information found here. Global United States United Kingdom India Türkish Arabic Spanish Portuguese Tablet Website. 
GSMchoice: 305 brands. If you want to use bookmarks, you have to be logged in. A D V E R T I S E M E N T. Data Gallery Reviews News Pictures Opinions Questions To your site. 125,00 x 58,50 x 19,00 mm. Color / TFT 256k colors 240 x 320 px. microSD, microSDHC (up to 32 GB). Energizer Energy 200 Energizer Energy 240 Energizer Energy 400 Energizer Energy 400 LTE Energizer Energy 500 Energizer Energy E10 Energizer Energy E20 Energizer Energy E520 Energizer Energy S550 Energizer Hardcase H240S Energizer Hardcase H550S Energizer Power Max P550S Energizer Power Max P600S. Dimensions (W x H x D)&nbsp:. A D V E R T I S E M E N T. If you want to add standard information about this phone to your site please - click here !. Popularity chart of Energizer Energy 240. We do our best to present the proper and current information on this page. However, in case of finding any error in the data above please. A D V E R T I S E M E N T. Sorry, there are no opinions yet. © 2005 - 2018 PIK Sp. MWC18: Samsung finally reveals the premiere flagships. MWC18: HMD Global and a lot of new Nokias – including the iconic “banana”. MWC18: LG presents the LG V30S ThinQ model with artificial intelligence. MWC18: Three series of Alcatel smartphones - the first launch in Barcelona. MWC18: Huawei, a genius laptop and multimedia tablets. Samsung Galaxy S9/S9+ Unpacked - where and how to watch? All Rights Reserved by PIK Sp. Your IP 222.164.145.44 Engine & layout by InterData. 
Select the department you want to search in. Sign in Account & Lists Sign in Account & Lists Orders Try Prime Cart. Your Amazon.com Today's Deals Gift Cards Registry Sell Help Disability Customer Support. Only 20 left in stock - order soon.. Turn on 1-Click ordering for this browser. Please enter a valid US zip code.. Please enter a valid US zip code.. Shipping to a APO/FPO/DPO? Please add the address to your address book. Make sure you include the unit and box numbers (if assigned).. Stereo BLUETOOTH (Blue Tooth) Wireless Headset for Energizer Energy 240 Smartphone + Free Cell Phone Antenna Booster. Be the first to review this item. Only 20 left in stock - order soon.. Ships from and sold by Skakawack .. Type: Bluetooth v4.0 + A2DP Headset with Memory Flex Neckband Design. Charging Time: 2-3 hours via Micro USB Charging Cable. Music Time: 7 Hrs /Talk: Up to 10 Hrs / Standby Time: Up to 200 hrs. Includes: Stereo Headset/Micro USB Cable/Extra Ear Bud Replacements/ Instruction Manual. Find answers in product info, Q&As, reviews. Please make sure that you are posting in the form of a question.. Don't see what you're looking for?. There was a problem completing your request. Please try your search again later.. Compatible with the Energizer 240 Smartphone, this comfortable and unique wireless bluetooth stereo headset gives you the perfect blend of sound quality, comfort, functionality and cost. This headset is built with the well-known CSR BC05 stereo bluetooth chip and guarantees stable connectivity and solid performance, with an operational distance of 10 meters (32Ft) from your phone. With its support for Hands-Free Profile (HFP) and Stereo Headset Profile (A2DP), you will rarely ever have to touch your mobile phone. This headset conveniently charges via an included Micro USB charging cable in 2-3 hours by connecting directly to your computer or other USB charging devices. It provides up to 7 hours of music listening, 10 hours of talk time or 200 hours in standby between charges. You will be impressed with the sound quality of this headset and it is so flexible and light that you will likely forget you are wearing it. Going hands-free also gives you both hands back so you don't have to be restricted while talking or compromise on safety while driving.. 4 ounces ( View shipping rates and policies ). Be the first to review this item. Product Warranty: For warranty information about this product, please click here. If you are a seller for this product, would you like to suggest updates through seller support ?. Would you like to tell us about a lower price ?. There are no customer reviews yet.. 5 star 5 star (0%) 0% 4 star 4 star (0%) 0% 3 star 3 star (0%) 0% 2 star 2 star (0%) 0% 1 star 1 star (0%) 0%. Share your thoughts with other customers. There's a problem loading this menu right now.. Get fast, free shipping with Amazon Prime. Prime members enjoy FREE Two-Day Shipping and exclusive access to music, movies, TV shows, original audio series, and Kindle books.. Careers About Amazon Investor Relations Amazon Devices. Sell on Amazon Sell Your Services on Amazon Sell on Amazon Business Sell Your Apps on Amazon Become an Affiliate Advertise Your Products Self-Publish with Us › See all. Amazon Rewards Visa Signature Cards Amazon.com Store Card Amazon.com Corporate Credit Line Shop with Points Credit Card Marketplace Reload Your Balance Amazon Currency Converter. Your Account Your Orders Shipping Rates & Policies Amazon Prime Returns & Replacements Manage Your Content and Devices Amazon Assistant Help. Amazon Music Stream millions of songs. Amazon Drive Cloud storage from Amazon. 6pm Score deals on fashion brands. AbeBooks Books, art & collectibles. ACX Audiobook Publishing Made Easy. Alexa Actionable Analytics for the Web. Amazon Business Everything For Your Business. AmazonFresh Groceries & More Right To Your Door. AmazonGlobal Ship Orders Internationally. Home Services Handpicked Pros Happiness Guarantee. Amazon Inspire Digital Educational Resources. Amazon Rapids Fun stories for kids on the go. Amazon Restaurants Food delivery from local restaurants. Amazon Video Direct Video Distribution Made Easy. Amazon Web Services Scalable Cloud Computing Services. Audible Download Audio Books. AudiobookStand Discount Audiobooks on Disc. Book Depository Books With Free Delivery Worldwide. Box Office Mojo Find Movie Box Office Data. ComiXology Thousands of Digital Comics. CreateSpace Indie Print Publishing Made Easy. DPReview Digital Photography. East Dane Designer Men's Fashion. Fabric Sewing, Quilting & Knitting. Goodreads Book reviews & recommendations. IMDb Movies, TV & Celebrities. IMDbPro Get Info Entertainment Professionals Need. Junglee.com Shop Online in India. Kindle Direct Publishing Indie Digital Publishing Made Easy. Prime Now FREE 2-Hour Delivery on Everyday Items. Prime Photos Unlimited Photo Storage Free With Prime. Shopbop Designer Fashion Brands. TenMarks.com Math Activities for Kids & Schools. Warehouse Deals Open-Box Discounts. Whole Foods Market America’s Healthiest Grocery Store. Withoutabox Submit to Film Festivals. Woot! Deals and Shenanigans. Zappos Shoes & Clothing. Souq.com Shop Online in the Middle East. Subscribe with Amazon Discover & try subscription services. Conditions of Use Privacy Notice Interest-Based Ads © 1996-2018, Amazon.com, Inc. 
Call Us +971 4 255 2393. Home > Energizer Energy 240 Rugged Smartphone. Write a review about this product. Dual SIM Technology: Exploit the perfect multitasking experience with distinct phone numbers for personal and work use. microSD Card up to 32 GB: Give a boost to the memory you need to work, store and share high resolution videos and stills. Long Lasting Battery: Enjoy performance with very low power consumption. Multimedia Player: No matter where life takes you, you can enjoy your music and videos. 2 .4 " TFT Screen: With a lucid and bright screen, you will better able to enjoy your chats with family and friends. MP Camera: Enrich your life capturing the memorable moments.. Reinforce your day with the Energy 240 has compact, tough, and easy to use. Professional Grade Toughness: The Energy 240 is up for the challenge.. IP-67 Certified: Total protection from dust, Protection for permanent submersion in water of up to 1.5m for a maximum of 30 minutes. Shock-protected from drops of up to 1.8m high.. Built to Last: Energy’s over-mold honors Energizer’s Professional Hard Case line by preserving the signature grip. Impact-absorbing hardcase allows for weather-proof capacity and protection against dust. By fusing design and functionality, Energizer’s rugged solutions are optimized, allowing ultimate reliability.. Dealshabibi is a best place to buy the Energizer Energy 2 4 0 Rugged Smartphone in Dubai, Abu Dhabi, Sharjah, Al Ain, UAE, Middle East. Now shipping available to Doha - Qatar, KSA - Saudi Arabia, Bahrain, Kuwait, Oman in the GCC. Our customers keep on coming back the reason, we have best customer support service / Cash on Delivery and One Day Delivery in UAE.. TFT LCD - 2 .4 ". Shock Proof : 1.8 m / Waterproof : 1.5 m / 30 min / Dust Proof. Samsung Fast Charge Wireless Charging Convertible Black. AED 296.00 AED 376.00. Samsung Galaxy J3 2016 Dual 4G 8GB Black J3200F/DS. AED 514.00 AED 628.00. Apple iPhone 6S Plus 64GB Space Gray. Samsung Galaxy J7 Dual Sim 16GB 4G LTE WiFi Black. AED 801.00 AED 901.00. PointsPay - Spend & Earn Points. PointsPay enables you to pay for this purchase using Etisalat Reward points. Don’t have enough points? No problem, you can top up with your credit card. Additionally, you have the option to pay only with your credit card and earn points for your purchase. All you need is your Etisalat Rewards membership ID and password to use PointsPay.. Call : +971 4 255 2393. Fax : +971 4 236 4450. © 2018 DealsHabibi.com Dubai, United Arab Emirates. 
Select the department you want to search in. Sign in Your Account Try Prime Your Lists Basket. Your Amazon.co.uk Today's Deals Gift Cards & Top Up Sell Help. Car Best Sellers Motorbike Car Electronics Tools & Equipment Tyres & Wheels Travel & Caravanning Tuning Car Care Special Offers. view or change your orders in Your Account. We don't know when or if this item will be back in stock.. Energizer Energy 240 (2.4 inch) Hardcase Phone 128MB BT Camera (Black). Be the first to review this item. We don't know when or if this item will be back in stock.. Compact, tough and easy to use dual-SIM 3G mobile phone. Features a professional grade, IP67 certified housing; designed to be totally dust, shock and waterproof.. •Protection for permanent submersion in water of up to 1.5m for a maximum of 30 minutes. •Shock-protected from drops of up to 1.8m high. •Long lasting 1900mAh battery; gives up to 11 hours talktime and 12 days standby. Instantly receive a £10 Amazon.co.uk Gift Card if you’re approved for the Amazon Platinum Mastercard with Instant Spend. Credit offered by NewDay Ltd, over 18s only, subject to status. Find answers in product info, Q&As, reviews. Please make sure that you've entered a valid question. You can edit your question or post anyway.. Don't see what you're looking for?. There was a problem completing your request. Please try your search again later.. Product Dimensions 12.5 x 5.8 x 1.9 cm. Batteries: 1 Lithium ion batteries required. Be the first to review this item. 682,146 in Automotive ( See top 100 ). Would you like to tell us about a lower price ?. Energizer Energy 240 (2.4 inch) Hardcase Phone 128MB BT Camera (Black). This shopping feature will continue to load items. In order to navigate out of this carousel please use your heading shortcut key to navigate to the next or previous heading.. Page 1 of 1 Start over Page 1 of 1. Temdan iPhone SE/5S/5 Waterproof Case with Kickstand Shockproof Built in Screen Protector Slim Full Body Protect Waterproof Case for iPhone SE/5S/5(4inch). JCB Tradesmen 2 SIM-Free Phone - Black. CATERPILLAR CAT S41 Dual SIM UK Android Smartphone - Black. YONTEX iPhone 7 Plus Battery Case Charing Case Ultra Slim Extended Battery Case Portable Charger for iPhone 7 Plus Only with 4000mAh Capacity 200% Extra Battery (White / Rosegold). iPhone 7 8 Plus Aluminum Metal Case Shockproof Dust Proof Water Resistant Military Grade Extreme Protective Bumper Frame Heavy Duty Shell Cover with Gorilla Glass Protector 2Pack By OYESS. Samsung Galaxy Note 8 Waterproof Case, YMCCOOL Full Body Protective Clear Case Shockproof/Dirtproof/Snowproof IP68 Certified with Built in Screen Protector for Galaxy Note 8 Black. There are no customer reviews yet.. 5 star 5 star (0%) 0% 4 star 4 star (0%) 0% 3 star 3 star (0%) 0% 2 star 2 star (0%) 0% 1 star 1 star (0%) 0%. Share your thoughts with other customers. Prime members enjoy fast & free shipping, unlimited streaming of movies and TV shows with Prime Video and many more exclusive benefits.. There's a problem loading this menu at the moment.. Careers About Us UK Modern Slavery Statement Sell on Amazon Sell on Amazon Business Associates Programme Fulfilment by Amazon Advertise Your Products Independently Publish with Us Amazon Pay Become an Amazon Vendor › See all Amazon Platinum Mastercard Amazon Classic Mastercard Amazon Money Store Gift Cards Amazon Currency Converter Payment Methods Help Shop with Points Top Up Your Account Track Packages or View Orders Delivery Rates & Policies Amazon Prime Returns & Replacements Manage Your Content and Devices Amazon Mobile App Amazon Assistant Help. Australia Brazil Canada China France Germany India Italy Japan Mexico Netherlands Spain United States. Amazon Music Stream millions of songs. AbeBooks Books, art & collectables. ACX Audiobook Publishing Made Easy. Amazon Web Services Scalable Cloud Computing Services. Audible Download Audio Books. Book Depository Books With Free Delivery Worldwide. DPReview Digital Photography. Goodreads Book reviews & recommendations. IMDb Movies, TV & Celebrities. Junglee.com Shop Online in India. Kindle Direct Publishing Indie Digital Publishing Made Easy. Prime Now 2-Hour Delivery on Everyday Essentials. Shopbop Designer Fashion Brands. Yoyo.com A Happy Place To Shop For Toys. Souq.com Shop Online in the Middle East. Warehouse Deals Deep Discounts Open-Box Products. Amazon Business Service for business customers. Whole Foods Market We Believe in Real Food. Conditions of Use & Sale Privacy Notice Cookies & Internet Advertising © 1996-2018, Amazon.com, Inc. 
Drill into information and properties on all devices or contribute information with the Device Browser .. Use the Data Explorer to explore and analyze DeviceAtlas data.. Check our available device properties from our Property List .. Test a User-Agent with the User-Agent Tester .. Create amazing web presences on any screen. Learn everything about mobile web technology. Copyright © Afilias Technologies Limited 2018. This is a website of Afilias Technologies Ltd, a private company limited by shares, incorporated and registered in the Republic of Ireland with registered number 398040 and registered office at 6th Floor, 2 Grand Canal Square, Dublin 2, Ireland. By continuing to use the site, you accept our use of cookies. 
