154.8 x 78.2 x 8.75 mm. Android OS v6.0 ( Marshmallow ). 13 MP 4160 x 3120 px autofocus. 850 / 900 / 1800 / 1900. DroidChart.com / Smartphones / Energizer / Energizer Energy S550 (2017). 5.5 inches 720 x 1280 px. The detailed specifications, photos and introductory video of the Energizer Energy S550 (S550). The list of the competitors most often compared to the Energizer Energy S550 smartphone.. The Energizer Energy S550 (S550) smartphone released in 2017. It is powered by Mediatek MT6737 chipset, 1 GB of RAM and 8 GB of internal storage.. The Energizer Energy S550 runs on Android OS v6.0 (Marshmallow) out of the box. It comes with a Li-Ion 3000 mAh battery. It features a 5.5 inches IPS display with 720 x 1280 px resolution. The IPS technology is one of the most leading LCD technologies in the world.. The Energizer Energy S550 runs on Android OS v6.0 (Marshmallow) out of the box, but the Energy S550's firmware can be upgraded to a newer version of OS.. Screen size is measured in inches, diagonally from corner to corner. The 5.5 inches IPS capacitive touch screen with 720 x 1280 px resolution is multitouch capable.. The smartphone's memory (1 GB) cannot be expanded, but the storage (8 GB) can be expanded with a microSD card.. The camera of the Energizer Energy S550 is equipped with autofocus. Autofocus is a camera feature that fine-tunes the focus of the camera, it is a nice feature of this smartphone.. Energy S550 is 3G and 4G capable. This smartphone has a built-in GPS receiver. GPS is a satellite based navigation system that allows the determination of the exact geographical location on Earth. This Energizer smartphone has FM radio receiver.. The Li-Ion 3000 mAh battery gives the smartphone a good battery backup. This is a low maintenance battery. No periodic discharge is needed and charging can be done at random.. The smartphone sensors measure physical quantities and transmit them to the application processor. The phones's accelerometer is a built-in electronic component that measures tilt and motion. The proximity sensor detects when a user is holding the phone near their face during a call and turns off the display to prevent keypad presses and battery consumption from the display. The Energy S550 has Dual SIM capability, which means that you can insert two different SIM cards and use them both from one phone.. Compare Energizer Energy S550 to other smartphones. The specifications above are based on the official data published by the manufacturer, but we also take user reviews into consideration. If you found an error or something lacking in the specifications above for the Energizer Energy S550, then don’t hesitate and signal the problem to us.. According to our statistics, the Energizer Energy S550 smartphone was most often compared on our site with the following smartphones.. Compare Energizer Energy S550 to other smartphones. If there’s information about the Energizer Energy S550 that you would like to see on this site, then write to our webmaster@droidchart.com address.. 
Ambient Light Sensor Multi Touch Proximity Sensor. Autofocus Digital Zoom Face Detection Front Facing Camera Geo-tagging HDR Capture LED Flash Panorama Rear Facing Camera Scene Mode Self Timer Touch Focus. 3G 4G Bluetooth Mobile Hotspot Tethering Wi-Fi. 3G (HSDPA/CDMA) 4G (HSPA+) 4G (LTE) Edge/2G (GSM/GPRS). 1800 MHz 1900 MHz 850 MHz 900 MHz. 1800 MHz 2100 MHz 2600 MHz 700 MHz 800 MHz 850 MHz. 
GSM 850 / 900 / 1800 / 1900 - SIM 1 & SIM 2. LTE band 1(2100), 3(1800), 7(2600), 20(800). Hybrid Dual SIM (Micro-SIM/Nano-SIM, dual stand-by). SMS(threaded view), MMS, Email, Push Email, IM. IPS LCD capacitive touchscreen, 16M colors. 5.5 inches, 83.4 cm2 (~68.9% screen-to-body ratio). microSD, up to 64 GB (uses SIM 2 slot). HSPA 42.2/11.5 Mbps, LTE Cat4 150/50 Mbps. Wi-Fi 802.11 b/g/n, Wi-Fi Direct, hotspot. - MP4/H.264 player - MP3/WAV/FLAC/eAAC+ player - Photo/video editor - Document viewer. Do you want to know about latest smartphones and their prices in Pakistan? Visit our very fresh collection for all the latest prices and smartphones at. We give you a holistic platform to know latest Prices and up-to-date specifications of latest handsets. This integrated channel of ours has informative bench to sit on for the roller coaster ride to latest Energizer Mobile Phone Prices, news and reviews that will serve the ultimate purpose to top up your thirst for new technological horizons. Keep visiting and keep refilling your glass for all the latest Smartphone and Prices on. Energizer gives its best shot with Energizer Energy S550 .. While gaining immense appreciation in Pakistan, the handset stands up at a. reasonable Price of 15900 Daily Updated 26-02-2018 Mobile Price. For every latest development on Energizer Energy S550. Mobile Price in Pakistan, keep visiting Mobile Phone Collection. Get New Energizer Energy S550 Mobile Price and Full Specification here.. Energizer Energy S550 include SIM:Hybrid Dual SIM (Micro-SIM/Nano-SIM, dual stand-by), IPS LCD capacitive touchscreen, 16M colors and 5.5 inches, 83.4 cm2 (~68.9% screen-to-body ratio) and .. Energizer Energy S550 OS: Android 6.0 (Marshmallow) and Mediatek MT6737 and Quad-core 1.3 GHz Cortex-A53. Energizer Energy S550 Internal Memory: 8 GB, 1 GB RAM and Card Slot: microSD, up to 64 GB (uses SIM 2 slot). Energizer Energy S550 Rear Camera 13 MP, autofocus, LED flash and Front Camera: 5 MP.. In order to learn detailed specifications, kindly visit our Specification. and Features Page for Energizer Energy S550 and get to know the latest. about the handset and its Price. Mobile Phone Collection have all to. 
GSM 850 / 900 / 1800 / 1900 - SIM 1 & SIM 2. LTE band 1(2100), 3(1800), 7(2600), 20(800). HSPA 42.2/11.5 Mbps, LTE Cat4 150/50 Mbps. 154.8 x 78.2 x 8.8 mm (6.09 x 3.08 x 0.35 in). Hybrid Dual SIM (Micro-SIM/Nano-SIM, dual stand-by). IPS LCD capacitive touchscreen, 16M colors. 5.5 inches, 83.4 cm 2 (~68.9% screen-to-body ratio). 720 x 1280 pixels, 16:9 ratio (~267 ppi density). microSD, up to 64 GB (uses SIM 2 slot). Wi-Fi 802.11 b/g/n, Wi-Fi Direct, hotspot. SMS(threaded view), MMS, Email, Push Email, IM. We can not guarantee that the information on this page is 100% correct. Energizer Energy S550 - user opinions and reviews. Seriously, launched in December 2017? It must be a joke... 2014 midrange specs released in 2017.... Samsung Apple Nokia Sony LG HTC Motorola Huawei Microsoft Lenovo Xiaomi Google Acer Asus Oppo OnePlus Meizu BlackBerry Alcatel ZTE Toshiba Vodafone Energizer XOLO Lava Micromax BLU Gionee vivo LeEco Panasonic HP YU verykool Maxwest Plum. Energizer Power Max P16K Pro Energizer Power Max P600S Energizer Hardcase H550S Energizer Power Max P550S Energizer Hardcase H240S Energizer Energy 500. 
Ambient Light Sensor Multi Touch Proximity Sensor. Ambient Light Sensor Multi Touch Proximity Sensor. Front Facing Camera Rear Facing Camera LED Flash Autofocus Digital Zoom Face Detection Geo-tagging HDR Capture Panorama Scene Mode Self Timer Touch Focus. Front Facing Camera Rear Facing Camera LED Flash Autofocus Digital Zoom Face Detection Geo-tagging HDR Capture Panorama Scene Mode Self Timer Smile Detection Touch Focus. Mobile Hotspot Tethering 4G Bluetooth Wi-Fi 3G. Mobile Hotspot Tethering 4G Bluetooth Wi-Fi 3G. 4G (LTE) 4G (HSPA+) 3G (HSDPA/CDMA) Edge/2G (GSM/GPRS). 4G (LTE) 4G (HSPA+) 3G (HSDPA/CDMA) Edge/2G (GSM/GPRS). 850 MHz 900 MHz 1800 MHz 1900 MHz. 850 MHz 900 MHz 1800 MHz 1900 MHz. 800 MHz 850 MHz 1800 MHz 2100 MHz 2600 MHz 2300 MHz. Energizer Energy S550+ VR vs Energizer Energy S600. 
Drill into information and properties on all devices or contribute information with the Device Browser .. Use the Data Explorer to explore and analyze DeviceAtlas data.. Check our available device properties from our Property List .. Test a User-Agent with the User-Agent Tester .. Device Name HTML5 Hardware Streaming Environment Video Player Web Browser Audio Player JavaScript DRM Network Protocols JavaVM Beta Properties where you helped where you can help conflicted values dynamic properties client-side properties. See all Energizer devices >> Energizer Energy S550. Log in or sign up for a free DeviceAtlas account to see all available device capabilities.. The company/organisation that provides a device, browser or other component to the market. It can be a manufacturer, mobile operator or other organisation exclusively offering a product.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. The model name of a device, browser or some other component (e.g. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. The marketing name for a device.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. Primary organisation creating (not necessarily assembling) the device.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. This is the year that the device was released (or announced). Please login to add your opinion for this property.. True if the device is meant for use on the move.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. User may touch the screen to interact with the device.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. The total number of addressable pixels in the horizontal direction of a rectangular display when held in its default orientation. The Property does not apply to displays that are not rectangular or square.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. The total number of addressable pixels in the vertical direction of a rectangular display when held in its default orientation. The Property does not apply to displays that are not rectangular or square.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. The diagonal dimension of the screen in inches.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. The pixel density of the Device's screen. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. Ratio between physical pixels and device-independent pixels (dips) on the browser.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. The color depth of a display.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. The device has NFC (Near Field Communication) hardware.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. Megapixels of the camera if the device has one.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. The device is a mobile phone.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. The device is a tablet device.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. The device is a reading device.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. The device is a games console.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. The device is a set-top box.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. The device is a media player.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. The version number of a component (e.g. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. The supplier of the operating system.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. The name of the Operating System installed on the device. This can be used as a substitute for the boolean OS properties.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. The general group name of the operating system (eg. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. The Operating System initial version installed on the device.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. The device is distributed with Android OS pre-installed.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. The device is distributed with Bada OS pre-installed.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. The device is distributed with iOS pre-installed.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. The device is distributed with RIM OS pre-installed.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. The device is distributed with Symbian OS pre-installed.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. The device is distributed with Windows Mobile pre-installed.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. The device is distributed with Windows Phone pre-installed.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. The device is distributed with Windows RT OS pre-installed.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. The device is distributed with WebOS pre-installed.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. The device is distributed with a proprietary OS pre-installed.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. Commercial name of the developer platform if any (Nokia Series 40, Sony Ericsson Java Platform, etc).. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. If the device was built around a Developer Platform, which version.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. The supplier of the web browser.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. The name or type of the browser on the device.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. The browser version on the device.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. The name or type of the browser rendering engine used by the browser.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. The ability of the web browser to render a page using XHTML Basic 1.0.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. The ability of the web browser to render a page using XHTML-MP 1.0.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. The ability of the web browser to render a page using XHTML-MP 1.1.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. The ability of the web browser to render a page using XHTML-MP 1.2.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. The ability of the web browser to render a page using WML.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. The ability of the web browser to download and open the device's address book when a vCard URI is used.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. The ability to display a GIF87 image embedded in a mobile web page, using a tag such as img or object.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. The ability to display a GIF89a image embedded in a mobile web page, using a tag such as img or object.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. The ability to display a JPG image embedded in a mobile web page, using a tag such as img or object.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. The ability to display a PNG image embedded in a mobile web page, using a tag such as img or object.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. The horizontal size of the default browser's viewport, expressed in device independent pixels (DIPs), when held in its default orientation and the browser zoom is set to 100%. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. The vertical size of the default browser's viewport, expressed in device independent pixels (DIPs), when held in its default orientation and the browser zoom is set to 100%. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. The ability of the web browser to start a telephone call when a URI is defined with the protocol 'tel' followed by a telephone number (e.g. Verify that the browser behaves as expected.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. The ability of the web browser to start a new SMS message when a URI is defined with the protocol sms followed by a telephone number (e.g. Verify that the browser behaves as expected.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. The ability of the web browser to start a new SMS message when a URI is defined with the protocol smsto followed by a telephone number (e.g. Verify that the browser behaves as expected.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. The ability of a client to store cookies and send them when appropriate.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. The web browser supports the SSL protocol. Support of different certificate authorities is independent from the ability of supporting SSL. Verify that a page protected with SSL is displayed properly.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. Describes the maximum size in bytes for markup in a web page. Some browsers might have a variable memory limit based on the memory used by other applications, in that case 0 will be used.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. Describes the maximum size in bytes for media files embedded in a web page. Some browsers might have a variable memory limit based on the memory used by other applications, in that case 0 will be used.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. Describes the maximum size in bytes for downloaded from a web page and stored locally (e.g. Some browsers might have a variable memory limit based on the memory used by other applications, in that case 0 will be used.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. The device is capable of receiving WAP Push notifications, opening a browser upon user instigation, and following the embedded link.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. JS Support Basic Java Script -. The browser has some level of JavaScript support, typically Alert, Confirm, setInterval, setTimeout.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. The browser's JavaScript engine supports modifying DOM elements.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. The browser's JavaScript engine supports modifying CSS elements.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. The browser's JavaScript engine supports Events.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. The browser's JavaScript engine supports Event Listeners.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. The browser's JavaScript engine supports XMLHttpRequest.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. The browser's JavaScript engine supports console.log().. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. The browser's JavaScript engine supports JSON objects.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. Indicates whether the device supports the DeviceAtlas ClientSide component.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. The device is capable of connecting to CSD (Circuit Switched Data) networks.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. The device is capable of connecting to HS CSD (High Speed Circuit Switched Data) networks.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. The device is capable of connecting to GPRS (General Packet Radio Service) networks.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. The device is capable of connecting to EDGE (Enhanced Data rates for GSM Evolution) networks.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. The device is capable of connecting to HSDPA (High-Speed Downlink Packet Access) networks.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. The device is capable of connecting to UMTS (Universal Mobile Telecommunications System) networks.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. The device is capable of connecting to HSPA+ (Evolved High-Speed Packet Access) networks.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. The device is capable of connecting to LTE (Long Term Evolution) networks.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. The device is capable of connecting to LTE Advanced (Long Term Evolution Advanced) networks.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. The UE Category of the device, defining the combined uplink and downlink capability as specified in 3GPP TS36.306.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. The device is capable of making VoLTE calls. When True, this implies LTE, HD Voice, and AMR-WB are True.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. The device is capable of connecting to WiFi networks.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. The device is capable of seamless call handover between Wi-Fi and VoLTE connections.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. The device natively supports Rich Communication Services as specified in GSMA RCS6.0 UNI.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. The browser supports the audio HTML tag.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. The browser supports the canvas element.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. The browser supports the video HTML tag.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. The browser's JavaScript engine supports Application Cache.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. The browser's JavaScript engine supports Geo Location.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. The browser's JavaScript engine supports indexedDB.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. The browser's JavaScript engine supports Local Storage.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. The browser's JavaScript engine supports Session Storage.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. The browser's JavaScript engine supports Web GL.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. The browser's JavaScript engine supports the Web Sockets API.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. The browser's JavaScript engine supports the Web SQL Database API.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. The browser's JavaScript engine supports the Web Workers API.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. The browser's JavaScript engine supports Device Orientation.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. The browser's JavaScript engine supports Device Motion event.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. The browser's JavaScript engine supports Touch events.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. The browser's JavaScript engine supports the Query Selector.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. Stream 3GP H.264 Level 1.0 -. Support for the streaming of media encoded in the 3GP envelope, with the H264 (MPEG-2 PART 10) codec and in Level 1.0. Verify that the browser behaves as expected.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. Stream 3GP H.264 Level 1.0b -. Support for the streaming of media encoded in the 3GP envelope, with the H264 (MPEG-2 PART 10) codec and in Level 1.0b. Verify that the browser behaves as expected.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. Stream 3GP H.264 Level 1.1 -. Support for the streaming of media encoded in the 3GP envelope, with the H264 (MPEG-2 PART 10) codec and in Level 1.1. Verify that the browser behaves as expected.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. Stream 3GP H.264 Level 1.2 -. Support for the streaming of media encoded in the 3GP envelope, with the H264 (MPEG-2 PART 10) codec and in Level 1.2. Verify that the browser behaves as expected.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. Stream 3GP H.264 Level 1.3 -. Support for the streaming of media encoded in the 3GP envelope, with the H264 (MPEG-2 PART 10) codec and in Level 1.3. Verify that the browser behaves as expected.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. Support for the streaming of media encoded in the 3GP envelope, with the AAC (M4V/MP4) Low Complexity codec. Verify that the browser behaves as expected.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. Support for the streaming of media encoded in the 3GP envelope, with the H263 codec. Verify that the browser behaves as expected.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. Support for the streaming of media encoded in the 3GP envelope, with the AMR audio codec, in Narrow Band. Verify that the browser behaves as expected.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. Support for the streaming of media encoded in the 3GP envelope, with the AMR audio codec, in Wide Band. Verify that the browser behaves as expected.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. Stream MP4 H.264 Level 1.1 -. Support for the streaming of media encoded in the MP4 envelope, with the H264 codec and in Level 1.1. Verify that the browser behaves as expected.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. Stream MP4 H.264 Level 1.3 -. Support for the streaming of media encoded in the MP4 envelope, with the H264 codec and in Level 1.3. Verify that the browser behaves as expected.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. Support for the streaming of media encoded in the MP4 envelope, with the AAC (M4V/MP4) Low Complexity codec. Verify that the browser behaves as expected.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. Support for the HTTP live Streaming protocol.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. The ability to play WMV envelope for video files. The device is able to parse the WMV envelope for video files.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. The ability to play a video that includes audio encoded with QCELP (Qualcomm Code Excited Linear Prediction) codec. The device is able to play videos with audio encoded using QCELP.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. Support for the playback of media encoded in the 3GP envelope, with the H264 (MPEG-2 PART 10) codec and in Level 1.0. Verify that the browser behaves as expected.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. Support for the playback of media encoded in the 3GP envelope, with the H264 (MPEG-2 PART 10) codec and in Level 1.0b. Verify that the browser behaves as expected.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. Support for the playback of media encoded in the 3GP envelope, with the H264 (MPEG-2 PART 10) codec and in Level 1.1. Verify that the browser behaves as expected.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. Support for the playback of media encoded in the 3GP envelope, with the H264 (MPEG-2 PART 10) codec and in Level 1.2. Verify that the browser behaves as expected.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. Support for the playback of media encoded in the 3GP envelope, with the H264 (MPEG-2 PART 10) codec and in Level 1.3. Verify that the browser behaves as expected.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. Support for the playback of media encoded in the 3GP envelope, with the AAC (M4V/MP4) Low Complexity codec. Verify that the browser behaves as expected.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. Support for the playback of media encoded in the 3GP envelope, with the H263 codec. Verify that the browser behaves as expected.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. Support for the playback of media encoded in the 3GP envelope, with the AMR audio codec, in Narrow Band. Verify that the browser behaves as expected.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. Support for the playback of media encoded in the 3GP envelope, with the AMR audio codec, in Wide Band. Verify that the browser behaves as expected.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. Support for the playback of media encoded in the MP4 envelope, with the H264 codec and in Level 1.1. Verify that the browser behaves as expected.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. Support for the playback of media encoded in the MP4 envelope, with the H264 codec and in Level 1.3. Verify that the browser behaves as expected.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. Support for the playback of media encoded in the MP4 envelope, with the AAC (M4V/MP4) Low Complexity codec. Verify that the browser behaves as expected.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. The ability to play MIDI files with not more than 1 note at a time, normally Type 0. The device is able to play the MIDI file as expected.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. The ability to play MIDI files, can be Type 0 or Type 1, may have more than 1 note at a time. The device is able to play the MIDI file as expected.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. The ability to play AMR (Adaptive Multi-Rate) files as defined by 3GPP. The device is able to play the AMR file as expected.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. The ability to play MP3 (MPEG-1 Audio Layer 3) files. The device is able to play the MP3 file as expected.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. The ability to play AAC (Advanced Audio Coding) as defined as part of the MPEG-4 specifications. The device is able to play the AAC file as expected.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. The ability to play QCELP (Qualcomm Code Excited Linear Prediction) audio files. The device is able to play the QCELP file as expected.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. The device is able to open, read and respect the forward lock constraints as defined in the OMA DRM v1.0 specifications.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. The device is able to open, read and respect the combined delivery constraints as defined in the OMA DRM v1.0 specifications.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. The device is able to open, read and respect the separate delivery constraints as defined in the OMA DRM v1.0 specifications.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. The device is able to open, read and respect the download rules as defined in the OMA DRM v1.0 specifications.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. Version number of supported Java MIDP (Mobile Information Device Profile), e.g. The device fully supports JSR 37 or 118 and following as defined by Sun Microsystems.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. Version number of supported Java CLDC (Connected Limited Device Configuration), e.g 1.0. The device fully supports JSR 30 or 139 and following as defined by Sun Microsystems.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. The J2ME virtual machine implements JSR 30. The device fully supports JSR 30 as defined by Sun Microsystems.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. The J2ME virtual machine implements JSR 139. The device fully supports JSR 139 as defined by Sun Microsystems.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. The J2ME virtual machine implements JSR 37. The device fully supports JSR 37 as defined by Sun Microsystems.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. The J2ME virtual machine implements JSR 118. The device fully supports JSR 118 as defined by Sun Microsystems.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. Please login to view the User-Agents for this device (only available for commercial license holders).. To learn more on TAC database, please visit the Device Data for Mobile Operators page.. There was a problem loading the opinions for this property.. This is a property with the read-only access.. Thank you! Your opinion "%s" has been saved.. Thank you! Your opinion has been updated to "%s".. Your opinion "%s" has been removed.. There was a problem saving your opinion. Please try again or contact DeviceAtlas support.. There was a problem updating your opinion. Please try again or contact DeviceAtlas support.. There was a problem removing your opinion. Please try again or contact DeviceAtlas support.. Only integer values are permitted for this property.. Only alphanumeric characters and , _. - ^ / + [space] are permitted for this property.. Only boolean values are permitted for this property.. Please choose or enter an opinion value.. Create amazing web presences on any screen. Learn everything about mobile web technology. Copyright © Afilias Technologies Limited 2018. This is a website of Afilias Technologies Ltd, a private company limited by shares, incorporated and registered in the Republic of Ireland with registered number 398040 and registered office at 6th Floor, 2 Grand Canal Square, Dublin 2, Ireland. By continuing to use the site, you accept our use of cookies. 
Home › Energizer › Energy S550 Energizer Energy S550 - Specifications. Last viewed devices List of mobile devices, whose specifications have been recently viewed.. Width Height Thickness Weight Write a review. Specifications Display Camera CPU Battery SAR. Dimensions : 78.2 x 154.8 x 8.75 mm Weight : 180 g SoC : MediaTek MT6737 CPU : ARM Cortex-A53, 1300 MHz, Cores : 4 GPU : ARM Mali-T720 MP1, 600 MHz, Cores : 1 RAM : 1 GB, 2 GB, 640 MHz Storage : 8 GB, 16 GB Memory cards : microSD, microSDHC, microSDXC Display : 5.5 in, IPS, 720 x 1280 pixels, 24 bit Battery : 3000 mAh, Li-Ion OS : Android 6.0 Marshmallow Camera : 4160 x 3120 pixels, 1280 x 720 pixels, 30 fps SIM card : Micro-SIM Wi-Fi : a, b, g, n, Wi-Fi Hotspot USB : 2.0, Micro USB Bluetooth : 4.0 Positioning : GPS, A-GPS. Brand and model Information about the brand, model and model alias (if any) of a specific device. Brand Energizer Model Energy S550 Design Information about the dimensions and weight of the device, shown in different measurement units. Width 78.2 mm (millimeters) 7.82 cm (centimeters) 0.26 ft (feet) 3.08 in (inches) Height 154.8 mm (millimeters) 15.48 cm (centimeters) 0.51 ft (feet) 6.09 in (inches) Thickness 8.75 mm (millimeters) 0.88 cm (centimeters) 0.03 ft (feet) 0.34 in (inches) Weight 180 g (grams) 0.4 lbs (pounds) 6.35 oz (ounces) Volume 105.92 cm³ (cubic centimeters) 6.43 in³ (cubic inches) Colors Black Body materials Plastic Metal SIM card The Subscriber Identity Module (SIM) is used in mobile devices for storing data authenticating the subscribers of mobile services. SIM card type Micro-SIM (3FF - third form factor, since 2003, 15.00 x 12.00 x 0.76 mm) Number of SIM cards 2 Features Dual SIM stand-by (Both cards are active. When one is busy, the other is not active) Networks A mobile (cellular) network is a radio system, which allows a large number of mobile devices to communicate with each other. GSM GSM 850 MHz GSM 900 MHz GSM 1800 MHz GSM 1900 MHz UMTS UMTS 900 MHz UMTS 2100 MHz LTE LTE 800 MHz LTE 1800 MHz LTE 2100 MHz LTE 2600 MHz LTE 700 MHz (B28) Mobile network technologies and bandwidth Communication between devices within mobile networks is realized via various generations of network technologies, which provide different bandwidth. Mobile network technologies UMTS (384 kbit/s ) EDGE GPRS HSPA+ LTE Cat 4 (51.0 Mbit/s , 150.8 Mbit/s ) Operating system Operating system is the system software, which manages and controls the functioning of the hardware components of the device. Operating system (OS) Android 6.0 Marshmallow System on Chip (SoC) A system on a chip (SoC) includes into a single chip some of the main hardware components of the mobile device. SoC MediaTek MT6737 Process technology 28 nm (nanometers) CPU ARM Cortex-A53 CPU bits 64 bit Instruction set ARMv8-A Level 1 cache memory (L1) 32 KB + 32 KB (kilobytes) Level 2 cache memory (L2) 512 KB (kilobytes) 0.5 MB (megabytes) CPU cores 4 CPU frequency 1300 MHz (megahertz) GPU ARM Mali-T720 MP1 GPU cores 1 GPU frequency 600 MHz (megahertz) RAM capacity 1 GB (gigabytes) 2 GB (gigabytes) RAM type LPDDR3 RAM channels Single channel RAM frequency 640 MHz (megahertz) Storage Every mobile device has a built-in storage (internal memory) with a fixed capacity. Storage 8 GB (gigabytes) 16 GB (gigabytes) Memory cards Memory cards are used in mobile devices for expanding their external storage capacity. Types microSD microSDHC microSDXC Display The display of a mobile device is characterized by its technology, resolution, pixel density, diagonal length, color depth, etc. Type/technology IPS Diagonal size 5.5 in (inches) 139.7 mm (millimeters) 13.97 cm (centimeters) Width 2.7 in (inches) 68.49 mm (millimeters) 6.85 cm (centimeters) Height 4.79 in (inches) 121.76 mm (millimeters) 12.18 cm (centimeters) Aspect ratio 1.778:1 16:9 Resolution 720 x 1280 pixels Pixel density 267 ppi (pixels per inch) 104 ppcm (pixels per centimeter) Color depth 24 bit 16777216 colors Display area 69.11 % (percent) Other features Capacitive Multi-touch Sensors Different sensors measure different physical quantities and convert them into signals recognizable by the mobile device. Sensors Proximity Light Accelerometer Compass Primary camera The primary camera of the mobile device is usually placed at its back and is used for taking photos and recording videos. Sensor type CMOS (complementary metal-oxide semiconductor) Flash type LED Image resolution 4160 x 3120 pixels 12.98 MP (megapixels) Video resolution 1280 x 720 pixels 0.92 MP (megapixels) Video FPS 30 fps (frames per second) Features Autofocus Continuous shooting Digital zoom Digital image stabilization Geotagging Panorama HDR Touch focus White balance settings ISO settings Exposure compensation Scene mode Secondary camera Secondary cameras are placed above the screen of the device and are usually used for video calls, gesture recognition, etc. Image resolution 2560 x 1920 pixels 4.92 MP (megapixels) Video resolution 640 x 480 pixels 0.31 MP (megapixels) Video FPS 30 fps (frames per second) Audio Information about the type of speakers and the audio technologies supported by the device. Speaker Loudspeaker Earpiece Radio The radio in a mobile device is a built-in FM radio receiver. Radio Yes Tracking/Positioning Information about the positioning and navigation technologies supported by the device. Tracking/Positioning GPS A-GPS Wi-Fi Wi-Fi is a technology that provides wireless data connections between various devices within a short range. Wi-Fi 802.11a (IEEE 802.11a-1999) 802.11b (IEEE 802.11b-1999) 802.11g (IEEE 802.11g-2003) 802.11n (IEEE 802.11n-2009) Wi-Fi Hotspot Bluetooth Bluetooth is a standard for secure wireless data transfer between different types of devices over short distances. Version 4.0 Features A2DP (Advanced Audio Distribution Profile) LE (Low Energy) USB The Universal Serial Bus (USB) is an industry standard that allows different electronic devices to exchange data. Connector type Micro USB Version 2.0 Features Charging Mass storage Headphone jack The headphone jack is an audio phone connector, a.k.a. The most widely used one in mobile devices is the 3.5 mm headphone jack. Headphone jack Yes Connectivity Information about other important connectivity technologies supported by the devices. Connectivity Computer sync OTA sync Tethering Browser A web browser is a software application for accessing, fetching, displaying and navigating through information on the World Wide Web. Browser HTML HTML5 CSS 3 Audio file formats/codecs Mobile devices support various audio file formats and codecs, which respectively store and code/decode digital audio data. Audio file formats/codecs AAC (Advanced Audio Coding) AMR / AMR-NB / GSM-AMR (Adaptive Multi-Rate, .amr, .3ga) eAAC+ / aacPlus v2 / HE-AAC v2 FLAC (Free Lossless Audio Codec, .flac) MIDI MP3 (MPEG-2 Audio Layer II, .mp3) WMA (Windows Media Audio, .wma) WAV (Waveform Audio File Format, .wav, .wave) Video file formats/codecs Mobile devices support various video file formats and codecs, which respectively store and code/decode digital video data. Video file formats/codecs 3GPP (3rd Generation Partnership Project, .3gp) AVI (Audio Video Interleaved, .avi) DivX (.avi, .divx, .mkv) H.263 H.264 / MPEG-4 Part 10 / AVC video MKV (Matroska Multimedia Container, .mkv .mk3d .mka .mks) MP4 (MPEG-4 Part 14, .mp4, .m4a, .m4p, .m4b, .m4r, .m4v) Xvid Battery The batteries of mobile devices differ in capacity and technology. They provide the electrical charge needed for the functioning of the devices. Capacity 3000 mAh (milliampere-hours) Type Li-Ion 2G talk time 10 h (hours) 600 min (minutes) 0.4 days 2G stand-by time 400 h (hours) 24000 min (minutes) 16.7 days 3G talk time 10 h (hours) 600 min (minutes) 0.4 days 3G stand-by time 400 h (hours) 24000 min (minutes) 16.7 days Features Removable Specific Absorption Rate (SAR) The SAR rating shows the amount of electromagnetic radiation absorbed by the human body when using a mobile device, expressed in W/kg. Head SAR (EU) 0.278 W/kg (watts per kilogram) Body SAR (EU) 1.23 W/kg (watts per kilogram). Brand name of the company that manufactures the device.. the horizontal side of the device when it is used in its standard orientation.. the vertical side of the device when it is used in its standard orientation.. Information about the thickness/depth of the device in different measurement units.. Information about the weight of the device in different measurement units.. Estimated volume of the device, calculated from the dimensions provided by the manufacturer. Applies for devices in the form of a rectangular parallelepiped.. Information about the colors, in which the device is available in the market.. Materials used in the fabrication of the device's body.. Information about the type and size (form factor) of the SIM card used in the device.. Information about the number of SIM cards, supported by the device.. Information about some specific features related to the SIM card(s) of the device.. GSM (Global System for Mobile Communications) was developed to replace the analog cellular network (1G), therefore it is referred to as a 2G mobile network. It has been improved with the addition of General Packet Radio Services (GPRS) and later via the Enhanced Data rates for GSM Evolution (EDGE) technology.. UMTS stands for Universal Mobile Telecommunications System. Based on the GSM standard, it is deemed as a 3G mobile network standard. It has been developed by the 3GPP and its major advantage is the provision of greater bandwidth and spectral efficiency, due to the W-CDMA technology.. LTE is deemed to be the fourth generation (4G) of mobile communications technology. It has been developed by the 3GPP based on the GSM/EDGE and UMTS/HSPA technologies in order to increase the speed and capacity of wireless data networks. A further development of the technology is called LTE Advanced.. There are several network technologies that enhance the performance of mobile networks mainly by increased data bandwidth. Information about the communication technologies supported by the device and their respective uplink and downlink bandwidth.. Information about the operating system used by the device as well as its version.. The SoC integrates different hardware components such as the CPU, GPU, memory, peripherals, interfaces, etc., as well as software for their functioning.. Information about the process technology used in manufacturing the chip. The value in nanometers represents half the distance between elements that make up the CPU.. CPU is the Central Processing Unit or the processor of a mobile device. Its main function is to interpret and execute instructions contained in software applications.. The CPU bits are determined by the bit-size of the processor registers, address buses and data buses. 64-bit CPUs provide better performance than 32-bit ones, which on their part perform better than 16-bit processors.. The instruction set architecture (ISA) is a set of commands used by the software to manage the CPU's work. Information about the set of instructions the processor can execute.. The cache memory is used by the processor in order to shorten the time needed to access data and instructions that a frequently used. The L1 (level 1) cache memory has a small volume, but operates faster than the RAM and the rest cache memory levels. If the processor does not find the data needed in L1, it continues to look for it in the L2 cache memory. In some processors the search in L1 and L2 is simultaneous.. The L2 (level 2) cache memory is slower than L1, but has a larger capacity, instead, which allows it to cache more data. Just like L1, it is much faster than the system memory (RAM). If the CPU does not find the data needed in L2, it proceeds to look for them in the L3 cache memory (if there is such) or in the RAM.. A CPU core is the processor unit, which executes software instructions. Presently, besides single-core processors, there are dual-core, quad-core, hexa-core and so on multi-core processors. They increase the performance of the device allowing the execution of multiple instructions in parallel.. The frequency of the processor describes its clock rate in cycles per second. It is measured in Megahertz (MHz) or Gigahertz (GHz).. GPU is a graphical processing unit, which handles computation for 2D/3D graphics applications. In mobile devices GPU is usually utilized by games, UI, video playback, etc. GPU can also perform computation in applications traditionally handled by the CPU.. Similar to the CPU, the GPU consists of processing units called cores. They handle the computation of graphics in various applications.. The frequency is the clock rate of the graphic processor (GPU), which is measured in Megahertz (MHz) or Gigahertz (GHz).. RAM (Random-Access Memory) is used by the operating system and all installed applications. Data in the RAM is lost after the device is turned off or restarted.. Information about the type of RAM used by the device.. Information about the number of RAM channels integrated in the SoC. More channels mean higher data transfer rates.. RAM frequency relates directly to the rate of reading/writing from/in the RAM memory.. Information about the capacity of the built-in storage of the device. Sometimes one and the same model may is offered in variants with different internal storage capacity.. The various types of memory cards are characterized by different sizes and capacity. Information about the supported types of memory cards.. One of the main characteristics of the display is its type/technology, on which depends its performance.. In mobile devices display size is represented by the length of its diagonal measured in inches.. The ratio between the long and the short side of the display. The display resolution shows the number of pixels on the horizontal and vertical side of the screen. The higher the resolution is, the greater the detail of the displayed content.. Information about the number of pixels per centimeter (ppcm) or per inch (ppi) of the display. The higher the pixel density, the more detailed and clearer is the information displayed on the screen.. The color depth of the display is also known as bit depth. It shows the number of bits used for the color components of one pixel. Information about the maximum number of colors the screen can display.. The estimated percentage of the screen area from the device's front area.. Information about other functions and features of the display.. Sensors vary in type and purpose. They increase the overall functionality of the device, in which they are integrated.. Digital cameras use image sensors for taking photos. The sensor characteristics are some of the main factors determining the quality of the camera integrated in the mobile device.. Cameras of mobile devices use mainly a LED or a Xenon flash. The LED flash has a softer burst of light and in contrast to the much brighter Xenon flash, is used for recording videos as well.. One of the main characteristics of the cameras of mobile devices is their resolution, which shows the number of pixels on the horizontal and vertical dimensions of the image.. Information about the maximum resolution available for shooting a video with the device.. Information about the maximum number of frames per second (fps), supported by the device while recording a video at maximum resolution. Some of the main standard frame rates for recording and playing video are 24p, 25p, 30p, 60p.. Information about additional software and hardware features of the privamery camera, which improve its overall performance.. Information about the maximum image resolution of the secondary camera. Often, the resolution of the secondary camera is lower than the one of the primary camera.. Information about the maximum resolution available for shooting a video by the secondary camera.. Information about the maximum number of frames per second (fps), supported by the secondary camera while recording a video at maximum resolution.. The loudspeaker is a device, which reproduces various sounds such as ring tones, alarms, music, voice calls, etc. Information about the type of speakers the device uses.. Information whether the device has an FM radio receiver or not.. The tracking/positioning service is provided by various satellite navigation systems, which track the autonomous geo-spatial positioning of the device that supports them. The most common satellite navigation systems are the GPS and the GLONASS. There are also non-satellite technologies for locating mobile devices such as the Enhanced Observed Time Difference, Enhanced 911, GSM Cell ID.. Wi-Fi communication between devices is realized via the IEEE 802.11 standards. Some devices have the possibility to serve as Wi-Fi Hotspots by providing internet access for other nearby devices. Wi-Fi Direct (Wi-Fi P2P) is another useful standard that allows devices to communicate with each other without the need for wireless access point (WAP).. The technology has several versions, which improve the connection speed, range, connectivity and discoverability of the devices. Information about the Bluetooth version of the device.. Bluetooth uses various profiles and protocols related to faster exchange of data, energy saving, better device discoverability, etc. Some of those supported by the device are listed here.. There are several USB connector types: the Standard one, the Mini and Micro connectors, On-The-Go connectors, etc. Type of the USB connector used by the device.. There are several versions of the Universal Serial Bus (USB) standard: USB 1.0 (1996), the USB 2.0 (2000), the USB 3.0 (2008), etc. With each following version the rate of data transfer is increased.. Тhe USB interface in mobile devices may be used for different purposes such as battery charging, using the device as a mass storage, host, etc.. Information whether the device is equipped with a 3.5 mm audio jack.. Information about some of the most widely used connectivity technologies supported by the device.. Information about some of the features and standards supported by the browser of the device.. List of some of the most common audio file formats and codecs supported standardly by the device.. List of some of the most common video file formats and codecs supported standardly by the device.. The capacity of a battery shows the maximum charge, which it can store, measured in mili-Ampere hours.. The battery type is determined by its structure and more specifically, by the chemicals used in it. There are different battery types and some of the most commonly used in mobile devices are the lithium-ion (Li-Ion) and the lithium-ion polymer battery (Li-Polymer).. 2G talk time is the time period a battery charge will last, if one is constantly talking on the phone in a 2G cellular network.. 2G stand-by time is the longest time a battery charge will last, if the device is not used but is constantly connected to the 2G cellular network.. 3G talk time is the time period a battery charge will last, if one is constantly talking on the phone in a 3G cellular network.. 3G stand-by time is the longest time a battery charge will last, if the device is not used but is constantly connected to the 3G mobile network.. Information about some additional features of the device's battery.. The SAR head rating shows the highest level of exposure to electromagnetic radiation measured when the device is held next to the ear in a talk position. In Europe, the SAR limit for hand-held mobile devices is set to 2 W/kg per 10 g of tissue. This standard is specified by the CENELEC, complies with the IEC standards and follows the ICNIRP Guidelines 1998.. This SAR rating shows the highest level of exposure to electromagnetic radiation measured when the device is placed at the hip level. The top SAR value for mobile devices used in Europe is limited to 2 W/kg per 10 g of tissue. This standard follows the ICNIRP Guidelines 1998 as well as the IEC standards and is determined by the CENELEC.. Provide information about, which of the published data you want to be edited as well as a reliable source, which confirms the accuracy of the information you suggest *. Enter the characters from the image: *. Dimensions : 78.2 x 154.8 x 8.75 mm Weight : 180 g SoC : MediaTek MT6737 CPU : ARM Cortex-A53, 1300 MHz, Cores : 4 GPU : ARM Mali-T720 MP1, 600 MHz RAM : 1 GB, 2 GB, 640 MHz Storage : 8 GB, 16 GB Display : 5.5 in, IPS, 720 x 1280 pixels, 24 bit Battery : 3000 mAh, Li-Ion OS : Android 6.0 Marshmallow Camera : 4160 x 3120 pixels, 1280 x 720 pixels, 30 fps. The information on this website is provided on "as is, as available basis" without warranty of any kind. DeviceSpecifications is not responsible for any omissions, inaccuracies or other errors in the information it publishes. All warranties with respect to this information are disclaimed. Reproduction of any part of this website in its entirety or partially or in any form or medium without prior written permission is prohibited. The trademarks, marques and logos of the manufacturers of devices, software, hardware, etc. are the property of their respective owners.. 
Energizer Energy S550 Price In Qatar , And Full Specifications. Rating: 1 / 5. Retail Price of energizer energy s550 in Qatar is QAR 483. Energizer Introduced New Smartphone Energizer Energy S550 comes with Android 6.0 Marshmallow OS, 5.5 inches IPS LCD capacitive touchscreen, 16M colors. and 720 x 1280 pixels resolution + 267 PPI pixel density, It has Black color,Hybrid Dual SIM (Micro-SIM/Nano-SIM, dual stand-by) Slot supports 2G, 3G and 4G LTE network.. The smartphone has 13MP rear camera having geo-tagging, touch focus, face detection, HDR and panorama features and 5MP front camera for selfie experience.. Energizer Energy S550 has Quad-core 1.3 GHz Cortex-A53 processor,Mediatek MT6737 chipset and Mali-T720 GPU.. It has 1GB RAM and 8GB internal Storage, microSD, up to 64 GB card slot. It brings Bluetooth 4.0, A2DP, LE + microUSB 2.0 and 3.5 mm Audio jack.. Here is Non-removable Li-Ion 3000 mAh battery but no fast charging and wireless charger support.. The smartphone has Accelerometer and proximity sensors.. 154.8 x 78.2 x 8.8 mm (6.09 x 3.08 x 0.35 in). Hybrid Dual SIM (Micro-SIM/Nano-SIM, dual stand-by). microSD, up to 64 GB (uses SIM 2 slot). IPS LCD capacitive touchscreen, 16M colors. GSM 850 / 900 / 1800 / 1900 - SIM 1 & SIM 2. LTE band 1(2100), 3(1800), 7(2600), 20(800). HSPA 42.2/11.5 Mbps, LTE Cat4 150/50 Mbps. Wi-Fi 802.11 a/b/g/n, Wi-Fi Direct, hotspot. Read All User Comments Post Your Opinion. Best Price of Energizer Energy S550 in Qatar is QAR 483 (US$140) , All Prices updated on daily bases from the local market shops/Showrooms or price list provided by the main dealers of Energizer in QAT we are trying to deliver possible best Price of Energizer Energy S550 in Qatar and Full specifications, But we can’t grantee the Price and Specifications are 100% correct on this page (human error is possible). All prices mentioned on this page are in QAR and valid all over the Qatar including Doha Slight deviations are expected, you can check detailed specifications and price online on mobile57 before making a decision to buy Energizer Energy S550 from online store or local shops.. If you find any error in rates or specs or have any suggestion to makes better this website please send us a massage by contact us page.. Disclaimer: We are trying to provid latest Mobile Phone prices in Qatar and Specs, but we cannot guarantee. The latest launched Cell Phones are priced on the basis of international offerings without including shipment costs and taxes.. © Copyrights by Mobile57 2011 to 2018. 
Energizer Energy S550 vs Micromax Canvas Evok E483. Compare Energizer Energy S550 and Micromax Canvas Evok E483. LTE frequency band 1(2100), 3(1800), 7(2600), 20(800). LTE, Cat4, 150 Mbps download, 50 Mbps upload. LTE, Cat4, 150 Mbps download, 50 Mbps upload. Hybrid Dual SIM (Micro-SIM/Nano-SIM, dual stand-by). Quad-core 1.3 GHz ARM Cortex-A53. Compare Energizer Energy S550 vs Micromax Bolt supreme 4 Q352. Compare Energizer Energy S550 vs Oppo R9 Plus. Compare Energizer Energy S550 vs Micromax Canvas Amaze 2 E457. Compare Energizer Energy S550 vs Panasonic Eluga Turbo. Compare Energizer Energy S550 vs Panasonic P66. Compare Energizer Energy S550 vs Micromax Canvas Mega 2 Q426. Compare Energizer Energy S550 vs Huawei Honor 6X. Compare Energizer Energy S550 vs Apple Watch Series 1 Aluminum 38mm. Micromax Canvas Evok E483 vs Oukitel C8 comparison. Micromax Canvas Evok E483 vs Energizer Energy E520 LTE comparison. Micromax Canvas Evok E483 vs BLU Studio Mega comparison. Micromax Canvas Evok E483 vs Panasonic P9 comparison. Micromax Canvas Evok E483 vs Blackview BV8000 Pro comparison. Micromax Canvas Evok E483 vs Samsung Galaxy C7 (2017) comparison. Micromax Canvas Evok E483 vs Blackview R6 Lite comparison. Micromax Canvas Evok E483 vs Samsung Galaxy Tab A 8.0 (2017) comparison. 
Comparison of Energizer Energy S550 and Vertex Impress Mars. The side-by-side comparison of the smartphones’ specifications. The comparison table below makes it easier to choose the most fitting smartphone.. 154.8 x 78.2 x 8.75 mm. 157 x 77 x 8.3 mm. 13 MP 4160 x 3120 px autofocus. 13 MP 4160 x 3120 px autofocus. 850 / 900 / 1800 / 1900. 850 / 900 / 1800 / 1900. A maximum of 3 smartphones can be compared at the same time. To add or change a smartphone, type the name of the smartphone you’re looking for in the search field of the table’s column, then click on the smartphone’s name in the drop-down list of search results.. After leaving this page, you can reach your last comparison under "Comparisons".. 
24 bits (16 M de couleurs). Détecteur de lumière ambiante Multi Touch Capteur de proximité. Autofocus Zoom numérique Détection facial Сaméra frontale Geo-tagging HDR Capture LED Flash Panorama Сaméra arrière Mode scène Retardateur Détection de sourire Touch Focus. 3G 4G Bluetooth Mobile Hotspot Tethering Wi-Fi. 3G (HSDPA/CDMA) 4G (HSPA+) 4G (LTE) Edge/2G (GSM/GPRS). 1800 MHz 1900 MHz 850 MHz 900 MHz. 
News Review Phones Xiaomi Huawei Meizu nubia OnePlus OPPO vivo ZTE All Giveaway Deals Shop Forums. Brand: Energizer Category: Mobiles. Display 5.5 inches, IPS LCD capacitive touchscreen. Camera 13 MP, autofocus, LED flash | 5 MP. Battery Non-removable Li-Ion 3000 mAh battery. Type Design Type called form factor refers to a mobile phone's size, shape, and style as well as the layout and position of major components of phone. There are three major form factors seen in mobile phones => bar phones, folding phones and sliding phones.. 154.8 x 78.2 x 8.8 mm (6.09 x 3.08 x 0.35 in). Display Type Display Technology => A number of display technologies and types used in mobile phones => TFT (Thin Film Transistor), IPS (In-Place Switching), OLED (Organic Light Emitting Diode), AMOLED (Active-Matrix Organic Light-Emitting Diode), Super AMOLED (an even advanced version of AMOLED), Resistive Touchscreen (Resistive touchscreens contain two layer of conductive material with a very small gap between them which acts as a resistance), Capacitive Touchsceen (Capacitive touchscreen technology consists of a layer of glass coated with a transparent conductor). 5.5 inches, 83.4 cm2 (~68.9% screen-to-body ratio). 720 x 1280 pixels, 16:9 ratio. Display Colors Display Colors is refers to the number of different shades of colors that the screen is capable of displaying => 64K colors, 256K colors and 16 million colors, Obviously 16M is highest available range of colors and better than others.. Pixel Density Pixel Density (PPI) is refers to the concentration of pixels on a particular display, measured in pixels per inch (ppi). Pixel density is calculated by dividing the diagonal pixel resolution of a display by its diagonal size, higher pixel density better display quality.. Yes Multi Touch Support up to 2 fingers. Display Protection Display Protection => Gorilla Glass is a special alkali-aluminosilicate glass shield with exceptional damage resistance that helps protect mobile displays from scratches, drops, and bumps of everyday use, It is always better to go for a smartphone with Gorilla Glass for that added protection and peace of mind.. IPS LCD capacitive touchscreen, 16M colors 5.5 inches, 83.4 cm2 (~68.9% screen-to-body ratio) 720 x 1280 pixels, 16:9 ratio (~267 ppi density) Multitouch, up to 2 fingers. CPU The main chipset of the device.. GPU GPU (Graphics Processing Unit) is a single-chip processor designed to rapidly manipulate and alter memory to accelerate the creation of images in a frame buffer intended for output to a display, This includes things such as lighting effects, object transformations, and 3D motion.. RAM (Memory) RAM (Random Access Memory) is a type of computer memory that can be accessed randomly, any byte of memory can be accessed without touching the preceding bytes that allows information to be stored and accessed quickly from random locations. RAM is the most common type of memory found in computer systems, smartphones, tablets and other electronic devices.. Internal Storage Internal Storage is a data storage space (flash memory) mostly used in smartphones, tablets and other electronic devices where operating system, apps, music, photos, videos, files and other user data Is stored.. Memory Card Slot Memory Card Slot is a special slot for inserting a memory card. Memory cards allow you to expand the phone's built-in memory, A memory card (sometimes called a flash memory card or a storage card) is a small storage medium used to store data such as text, pictures, audio, and video, for use on small, portable or remote computing devices such as mobile phones, mp3 players, digital cameras.. microSD, up to 64 GB (uses SIM 2 slot). Sensors Sensors are electronic components that detects and responds to some type of input from the physical environment. The specific input could be light, heat, motion, moisture, pressure and location, The output is generally a signal that is converted to use in computing systems, a location sensor, such as a GPS receiver is able to detect current location of your electronic device.. Operating System OS => Every computer system run on a base software called Operating System (OS). Operating System controls all basic operations of the computer (such as smartphone, PDAs, tablet computers and other handheld devices). The Operating System allows the user to install and run third party applications (apps), apps are used to add new functionality to the device.. User Interface UI or user interface of a device is the look and feel of the on-screen menu system. How it works, its color scheme, how it responds to button presses, all of these things are part of the user interface.. Rear Camera Camera is able to capture photographs and usually videos, The most important characteristics of a camera are the resolution (measured in megapixels), lens focus type (fixed or automatic), higher megapixel cameras are known to capture higher quality photos, but not always a good measurement of the photos quality.. Flash Flash Light => There is commonly two types of flash lights are used in camera mobile phones, LED Flash (LED flash offers lower power consumption with drive circuitry that takes up very little room, LEDs can be strobed faster than any other light source), Xenon Flash (xenon flash produces an extremely intense full-spectrum white light for a very short duration). SIM SIM (Subscriber Identity Module) is a small card that contains mobile network subscriber's account information. This allows the phone using the card to attach to a mobile network. The SIM card is most commonly associated with GSM and UMTS mobile networks. Moving a SIM card from one phone to another allows a subscriber to switch mobile phones without having to contact their mobile network carrier. SIM cards can also be used by a phone to store limited amounts of data, such as phone numbers and text messages.. Hybrid Dual SIM (Micro-SIM/Nano-SIM, dual stand-by). Wi-fi Wi-Fi is a popular wireless networking technology using radio waves to provide high-speed network connections that allows devices to communicate without cords or cables, Wi-Fi is increasingly becoming the preferred mode of internet connectivity all over the world.. Wi-Fi 802.11 b/g/n, Wi-Fi Direct, hotspot. GPS GPS The Global Positioning System is a satellite-based radio navigation system, GPS permits users to determine their position, velocity and the time 24 hours a day, in all weather, anywhere in the world, In order to locate your position, your device or GPS receiver must have a clear view of the sky.. NFC NFC (Near field communication) is a set of standards for smartphones and similar devices to establish peer-to-peer radio communications with each other by touching them together or bringing them into proximity, usually no more than a few inches.. 4G LTE 4G LTE bands. Energizer Energy S550 - REVIEWS Be the first to add a Review Your Name * Your Email * Review Title * Review Text * Rate this Product Design: What do you feel about Design and build quality of this device? Display: Screen size, image quality (brightness, colors, contrast, etc), visibility in sun light, angles of view and touchscreen. Camera: Usability of Camera interface, image and video quality in different light conditions and environment. Features: What do you feel about the features of this device, is these enough for you in everyday life? Connectivity: Bluetooth, Wi-fi connectivity, data trnasfer speed, internet browsing and interfaces. Usability: What do you feel about usability and speed of UI (user interface), messaging, calling, contacts management, call history, notifications and internet browsing? Performance: Is this device perform good while watching videos, playing games, taking snapshots, browsing internet and navigate through other applications? Battery: What about battery life, while calling, listening music, watching videos, playing games and doing other tasks. Average Rating 6 / 10 based on your selection. Please post a user review only if you have / had this product.. Energizer Energy 400 LTE 0 Reviews View specs →. Energizer Energy S500E 0 Reviews View specs →. Energizer Power Max P550s 0 Reviews View specs →. Energizer Energy E10 0 Reviews View specs →. Energizer Energy E20 0 Reviews View specs →. Energizer Power Max P600S 0 Reviews View specs →. New Arrivals LG X300 LG X Power 2 ZTE Tempo Go ZTE Blade V9 Vita (Rumored) Nokia 8 Sirocco (Rumored) Samsung Galaxy S9 Exynos (Rumored). News Review Phones Giveaway Deals Shop Forums. 
About Phones Energizer Energy S550. sorry, we did not find the model number on this type.. SIM : Hybrid Dual SIM (Micro-SIM/Nano-SIM, dual stand-by). Screen Display : 5.5 inches, IPS LCD capacitive touchscreen, 16M colors, 720 x 1280 pixels. OS : Android 6.0 Marshmallow. CPU : Cortex-A53 Quad-core 1.3 GHz. Memory : 1 GB RAM,. 8 GB Internal, microSD, up to 64 GB. Rear Camera : 13 MP, autofocus, LED flash. Camera Features : Geo-tagging, face detection, touch focus. Bluetooth : 4.0, LE, A2DP. Battery : Non-removable Li-Ion 3000 mAh. Full Specification : Allview V1 Viper S4G. Full Specification : Allview X1 Soul Mini. Asus Zenfone 4 Selfie Lite ZB553KL. Full Specification : Alcatel One Touch S’Pop. Privacy & Cookies: This site uses cookies. To find out more, as well as how to remove or block these, see here:. Powered by HostBlast & Automatic. 
Energizer Energy S550 vs YU Yunique 2. Compare Energizer Energy S550 and YU Yunique 2. LTE frequency band 1(2100), 3(1800), 7(2600), 20(800). LTE, Cat4, 150 Mbps download, 50 Mbps upload. LTE, Cat4, 150 Mbps download, 50 Mbps upload. Hybrid Dual SIM (Micro-SIM/Nano-SIM, dual stand-by). Quad-core 1.3 GHz ARM Cortex-A53. Quad-core 1.3 GHz ARM Cortex-A53. Geo-tagging, HDR, face detection, panorama, touch focus. Compare Energizer Energy S550 vs Xiaomi Mi 5X. Compare Energizer Energy S550 vs verykool s6005X Cyprus Pro. Compare Energizer Energy S550 vs Wiko Lenny4 Plus. Compare Energizer Energy S550 vs Texet TM-4510. Compare Energizer Energy S550 vs verykool sl5029 Bolt Pro LTE. Compare Energizer Energy S550 vs Wiko Robby2. Compare Energizer Energy S550 vs BLU Vivo XL. Compare Energizer Energy S550 vs BLU Studio X8 HD. YU Yunique 2 vs Oukitel C8 comparison. YU Yunique 2 vs Energizer Energy E520 LTE comparison. YU Yunique 2 vs BLU Studio Mega comparison. YU Yunique 2 vs Panasonic P9 comparison. YU Yunique 2 vs Blackview BV8000 Pro comparison. YU Yunique 2 vs Samsung Galaxy C7 (2017) comparison. YU Yunique 2 vs Blackview R6 Lite comparison. YU Yunique 2 vs Samsung Galaxy Tab A 8.0 (2017) comparison. 
Energizer Energy S550 specs & features, price in Pakistan. Energizer Mobiles Energizer Energy S550 specs & features, rate in Pakistan 2018. Release Date: 2017, December Views: 144. Energizer Energy S550 features includes Dual Sim, Android 6.0 (Marshmallow) smartphone Quad-core 1.3 GHz Cortex-A53, 8 GB, 1 GB RAM, 2G, 3G, 4G, 2017, December, Features 1280 x 720, 5.5 inches, 83., Touchscreen, 13 MP camera, 5 MP front camera, bluetooth, usb, gprs, edge, wlan, Accelerometer, proximity. Energizer Energy S550 Price in Pakistan. 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10. 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10. 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10. Dual Sim, 4G GSM / HSDPA / LTE. Android 6.0 (Marshmallow), 8 GB, 1 GB RAM. Energizer sets price < 5000 Rs. Energizer sets price 5000 to 10000 Rs. Energizer sets price 10000 to 15000 Rs. Energizer sets price 15000 to 25000 Rs. Energizer sets price 25000 to 35000 Rs. Energizer sets price 35000 to 45000 Rs. Energizer sets price > 45000 Rs.. Market Retail price without discount Rs. - Energizer Energy S550 best price in Pakistan is Rs. 15400 Pakistani Rupees (PKR). - One can buy Energizer Energy S550 pin pack from the best online stores or local shops, whichever offering cheapest price.. - Always confirm mobile specs, features, warranty, shipping cost and delivery time from the seller before you pay for Energizer Energy S550 .. - Some online stores sell used and refurbished models as well, so check Energy S550 details from the seller before ordering.. - We do not sell any mobile phone but help you to buy best mobile at cheapest price.. What mobile / Which Mobile? If Energizer Energy S550 specs are not as per your requirements? Find your desired mobile by selecting right features, price, specs using our advance mobile search facility.. Compare Compare Microsoft Lumia 540 with any other mobile and see What mobile has better specs and prices and suits you more.. Feedback In case of any mistake in Energizer Energy S550 prices, photos, specs, please help us using our contact us page.. Energy S550 Accessories, model specs, features, themes, ringtones, wallpapers. Post comments about Energizer Energy S550. GSM 850 / 900 / 1800 / 1900 - SIM 1 & SIM 2. LTE band 1(2100), 3(1800), 7(2600), 20(800). Yes, 2 Sims Dual Sim Mobiles. 154.8 x 78.2 x 8.8 mm (6.09 x 3.08 x 0.35 in). microSD, up to 64 GB (uses SIM 2 slot) Mobile with Memory Card. HSPA 42.2/11.5 Mbps, LTE Cat4 150/50 Mbps. SMS, MMS, Email, Instant Messaging (IM), Push Mail. HTML5, Internet Mobile Phones. FM Radio, MP3 Player, Games, Video Calling, Video Editor, Photo editor Mobiles with FM Radio Gaming Mobiles. MP4/H.264 player, MP3/WAV/FLAC/eAAC+ player, Photo/video editor, Document viewer, GPS: Yes, with A-GPS. 4.0, A2DP, LE Bluetooth Mobiles. Wi-Fi 802.11 b/g/n, Wi-Fi Direct, hotspot WLAN Mobiles. Touch Screen 16M colors, IPS LCD capacitive touchscreen. 1280 x 720, 5.5 inches, 83.. 720 x 1280 pixels, 16:9 ratio (~267 ppi densi. 13 MP, 13 MP Mobiles , Camera Mobiles. Auto Focus, Video , Video Call. Disclaimer: Energizer Energy S550 price in Pakistan is updated daily from price list provided by local shops but we cannot guarantee that the above information / price of Energizer Energy S550 is 100% accurate (Human error is possible). For accurate rate of Energizer Energy S550 in Pakistan visit your local shop.. Each genuine opinion / comment means more chances to win free mobile in lucky draw.. Reply to post / answer to question. Abbotabad Abdul hakim Adda jahan khan Adda shaiwala Akhora khattak Ali chak Allahabad Amangarh Arif wala Arifwala Attock Babri banda Badin Bahawalnagar Bahawalpur Balakot Bannu Barbar loi Barbar loi Baroute Bat khela Bhai pheru Bhakkar Bhalwal Bhan saeedabad Bhera Bhimbar Bhirya road Bhuawana Blitang Buchay key Burewala Chacklala Chacklala Chaininda Chak 4 b c Chak 46 Chak jamal Chak jhumra Chak sawara Chak sheza Chakwal Charsada Chashma Chawinda Chicha watni Chiniot Chishtian Chitral Chohar jamali Choppar hatta Chowha saidan shah Chowk azam Chowk mailta Chowk munda Chunian Dadakhel Dadu Daharki Dandot Dargai Darya khan Daska Daud khel Daulat pur Daur Deh pathaan Depal pur Dera ghazi khan Dera ismail khan Dera murad jamali Dera nawab sahib Dhatmal Dhoun kal Digri Dijkot Dina Dinga Doaaba Doltala Domeli Dudial Dunyapur Eminabad Estate l.m factory Faisalabad Farooqabad Fateh pur Feroz walla Feroz watan Feteh jhang Fiza got Gadoon amazai Gaggo mandi Gakhar mandi Gambet Garh maharaja Garh more Gari habibullah Gari mori Gawadar Gharo Ghazi Ghotki Gilgit Gohar ghoushti Gojar khan Gojra Goular khel Guddu Gujjar khan Gujranwala Gujrat Hafizabad Hala Hangu Hari pur Hariwala Haroonabad Hasilpur Hassan abdal Hattar Hattian lawrencepur Haveli lakha Havelian Hayatabad Hazro Head marala Hub inds estate Hyderabad Issa khel Jaccobabad Jaja abasian Jalal pur jatan Jalal pur priwala Jampur Jamrud road Jamshoro Jan pur Jandanwala Jaranwala Jauharabad Jehangira Jehanian Jehlum Jhal Magsi Jhand Jhang Jhatta bhutta Jhelum Jhudo Joharabad Kabir wala Kacha khooh Kahuta Kakul Kakur town Kala bagh Kala shah kaku Kalar syedian Kalaswala Kallur kot Kamalia Kamalia musa Kamber ali khan Kamokey Kamra Kandh kot Kandiaro Karak Karoor pacca Karore lalisan Kashmir Kashmore Kasur Kazi ahmed Khair pur Khair pur mir Khairpur nathan shah Khan qah sharif Khanbel Khandabad Khanewal Khangarh Khanqah dogran Khanqah sharif Kharian Khewra Khoski Khurian wala Khushab Khushal kot Khuzdar Kohat Kot addu Kot bunglow Kot ghulam mohd Kot mithan Kot radha kishan Kotla Kotla arab ali khan Kotla jam Kotla patdan Kotli loharan Kotri Kumbh Kundina Kunjah Kunri Laki marwat Lala musa Lala rukh Laliah Lalshanra Larkana Lasbella Lawrence pur Layyah Liaquat pur Lodhran Ludhan Machi goth Madina Mailsi Makli Malakwal Mamu kunjan Mandi bahauddin Mandra Manga mandi Mangal sada Mangi Mangla Mangowal Manoabad Manshera Mardan Mari indus Mastoi Matiari Matli Mehar Mehmood kot Mehrab pur Mian chunnu Mian Walli Mingora Mir ali Miran shah Mirpur Mirpur khas Mirpur mathelo Mohen jo daro More kunda Morgah Moro Mubarik pur Multan Muridkay Murree Musafir khana Mustung Muzaffarabad Muzaffargarh Nankana sahib Narang mandi Narowal Naseerabad Naudero Naukot Naukundi Nawab shah New saeedabad Nilore Noor kot Noorpur nooranga Nowshera Nowshera cantt Nowshero peroz Okara Other Padidan Pak china fertilizer Pak pattan sharif Panjan kisan Panjgoor Pannu aqil Pasni Pasroor Patoki Peshawar Phagwar Phalia Phool nagar Piaro goth Pindi bhohri Pindi dadan khan Pindi gheb Pir mahal Pishin Qalandarabad Qasba gujrat Qazi ahmed Quaidabad Quetta Rabwah Rahimyar khan Rahwali Raiwand Rajana Rajanpur Rangoo Ranipur Ratto dero Rawala kot Rawalpindi Rawat Renala khurd Risalpur Rohri Sadiqabad Sagri Sahiwal Saidu sharif Sajawal Sakrand Samanabad Sambrial Samma satta Samundri Sanghar Sanghi Sangla hill Sangote Sanjwal Sara e alamgir Sara e naurang Sargodha Satyana bangla Sehar baqlas Serai alamgir Shadiwal Shah kot Shahdad kot Shahdad pur Shahpur chakar Shaikhupura Shamsabad Shankiari Shedani sharif Sheikhupura Shemier Shikar pur Shorkot Shujabad Sialkot Sibi Sihala Sikandarabad Silanwala Sita road Skardu Sohawa district daska Sohawa district jelum Sukkur Swabi Swatmingora Takhtbai Talagang Talamba Talhur Tando adam Tando allahyar Tando jam Tando mohd khan Tank Tarbela Tarmatan Taunsa sharif Taxila Tharo shah Thatta Theing jattan more Thull Tibba sultanpur Tobatek singh Topi Toru Trinda mohd pannah Turbat Ubaro Ugoki Ukba Umar kot Upper deval Usta mohammad Vehari Village Sunder Wah cantt Wahi hassain Wan radha ram Warah Warburton Wazirabad Yazman mandi Zahir pir. Question: What is capital of Pakistan? *. (Answer can be from islamabad | lahore ). Spam comments will not be approved at all.. Energizer Energy S550 Reviews & User Opinions. Get a Free Mobile by posting Energizer Energy S550 review. Abdul Aleem February 25, 2018. Ritik Nonia February 25, 2018. Rates in spice mobile m900 tv projector online home delivery. shahid February 25, 2018. Hassan Ali February 25, 2018. I like this samsung galaxy j7 max. Abdul wahab February 24, 2018. azizullah February 24, 2018. kashif February 24, 2018. i want to buy htc 10 life style. ashar February 23, 2018. Xiaomi Redmi Note 5 Pro Reviews. Or kitnay waqt main mujy mil sakta hy .or kis tareeqy. Najeeb ullah February 22, 2018. mere pass Alcatel A3 hy sel krna hy anyone need than contact me.. Asad Ali February 22, 2018. © 2008-2018 mobile-phone.pk PKR mobile prices in Pakistan Karachi, Lahore, Islamabad, India. 
GSM 850 / 900 / 1800 / 1900 - SIM 1 & SIM 2. 134 x 72 x 15 mm (5.28 x 2.83 x 0.59 in). Hybrid Dual SIM (Micro-SIM, dual stand-by). - IP67 certified - dust/water proof over 1 meter and 30 minutes. TN TFT capacitive touchscreen, 16M colors. 4.0 inches, 45.5 cm 2 (~47.2% screen-to-body ratio). 480 x 800 pixels, 5:3 ratio (~233 ppi density). microSD, up to 64 GB (uses SIM 2 slot). Geo-tagging, touch focus, face/smile detection, HDR. SMS(threaded view), MMS, Email, Push Email, IM. We can not guarantee that the information on this page is 100% correct. Samsung Apple Nokia Sony LG HTC Motorola Huawei Microsoft Lenovo Xiaomi Google Acer Asus Oppo OnePlus Meizu BlackBerry Alcatel ZTE Toshiba Vodafone Energizer XOLO Lava Micromax BLU Gionee vivo LeEco Panasonic HP YU verykool Maxwest Plum. Energizer Energy E520 LTE Energizer Energy 400 Micromax Bharat 2 Q402. Energizer Power Max P16K Pro Energizer Power Max P600S Energizer Hardcase H550S Energizer Power Max P550S Energizer Hardcase H240S Energizer Energy 500. 
Sensor de luz ambiental Multitáctil Sensor de proximidad. Autofoco Zoom digital Detección de rostro Сámara frontal Geo-tagging Captura HDR LED Flash Panorama Сámara trasera Modo escena Temporizador Enfoque táctil. 3G 4G Bluetooth Mobile Hotspot Tethering Wi-Fi. 3G (HSDPA/CDMA) 4G (HSPA+) 4G (LTE) Edge/2G (GSM/GPRS). 1800 MHz 1900 MHz 850 MHz 900 MHz. 1800 MHz 2100 MHz 2300 MHz 2600 MHz 800 MHz 850 MHz. 
Home › Energizer › Energy S500E Energizer Energy S500E - Battery. Last viewed devices List of mobile devices, whose specifications have been recently viewed.. Width Height Thickness Weight Write a review. Dimensions : 74.8 x 145.5 x 8.9 mm Weight : 167 g SoC : MediaTek MT6580 CPU : ARM Cortex-A7, 1300 MHz, Cores : 4 GPU : ARM Mali-400 MP2, Cores : 2 RAM : 1 GB, 533 MHz Storage : 8 GB Memory cards : microSD, microSDHC, microSDXC Display : 5 in, TFT, 48 x 854 pixels, 24 bit Battery : 2000 mAh, Li-Ion OS : Android 6.0 Marshmallow Camera : 2592 x 1944 pixels, 1280 x 720 pixels, 30 fps SIM card : Micro-SIM Wi-Fi : b, g, n, Wi-Fi Hotspot USB : 2.0, Micro USB Bluetooth : 4.0 Positioning : GPS, A-GPS. Battery capacity, other Energizer models Capacity of the battery of Energizer Energy S500E and details about other Energizer models with the same or similar capacity. Battery capacity, models from other brands Capacity of the battery of Energizer Energy S500E and information about models from other brands with the same or similar battery capacity.. 2000 mAh (Li-Ion) 2300 mAh (Li-Ion) 2400 mAh (Li-Ion) 2800 mAh (Li-Ion) 3000 mAh (Li-Ion) 3000 mAh (Li-Ion) 4000 mAh (Li-Ion) 4000 mAh (Li-Ion) 4000 mAh (Li-Ion). 2000 mAh (Li-Ion) 2000 mAh (Li-Ion) 2000 mAh (Li-Ion) 2000 mAh (Li-Ion) 2000 mAh (Li-Polymer) 2000 mAh (Li-Ion) 2000 mAh (Li-Ion) 2000 mAh (Li-Ion) 2000 mAh (Li-Ion) 2000 mAh (Li-Ion) 2000 mAh (Li-Ion) 2000 mAh (Li-Ion) 2000 mAh (Li-Ion) 2000 mAh (Li-Ion) 2000 mAh (Li-Ion) 2000 mAh (Li-Polymer) 2000 mAh (Li-Ion). Energy Sistem Energy Phone Neo 2. Dimensions : 74.8 x 145.5 x 8.9 mm Weight : 167 g SoC : MediaTek MT6580 CPU : ARM Cortex-A7, 1300 MHz, Cores : 4 GPU : ARM Mali-400 MP2 RAM : 1 GB, 533 MHz Storage : 8 GB Display : 5 in, TFT, 48 x 854 pixels, 24 bit Battery : 2000 mAh, Li-Ion OS : Android 6.0 Marshmallow Camera : 2592 x 1944 pixels, 1280 x 720 pixels, 30 fps. The information on this website is provided on "as is, as available basis" without warranty of any kind. DeviceSpecifications is not responsible for any omissions, inaccuracies or other errors in the information it publishes. All warranties with respect to this information are disclaimed. Reproduction of any part of this website in its entirety or partially or in any form or medium without prior written permission is prohibited. The trademarks, marques and logos of the manufacturers of devices, software, hardware, etc. are the property of their respective owners.. 
Drill into information and properties on all devices or contribute information with the Device Browser .. Use the Data Explorer to explore and analyze DeviceAtlas data.. Check our available device properties from our Property List .. Test a User-Agent with the User-Agent Tester .. Create amazing web presences on any screen. Learn everything about mobile web technology. Copyright © Afilias Technologies Limited 2018. This is a website of Afilias Technologies Ltd, a private company limited by shares, incorporated and registered in the Republic of Ireland with registered number 398040 and registered office at 6th Floor, 2 Grand Canal Square, Dublin 2, Ireland. By continuing to use the site, you accept our use of cookies. 
Sensor de luz ambiental Multitáctil Sensor de proximidad. Autofoco Zoom digital Detección de rostro Сámara frontal Geo-tagging Captura HDR LED Flash Panorama Сámara trasera Modo escena Temporizador Enfoque táctil. 3G 4G Bluetooth Mobile Hotspot Tethering Wi-Fi. 3G (HSDPA/CDMA) 4G (HSPA+) 4G (LTE) Edge/2G (GSM/GPRS). 1800 MHz 1900 MHz 850 MHz 900 MHz. 1800 MHz 2100 MHz 2600 MHz 700 MHz 800 MHz 850 MHz. 
Home Brands Top List Feature List Contact Compare Phones. SORT RESULTS BY DATE NAME PRICE. Energizer Energy S550 Dimension 154.8x78.2x8.8mm (6.09x3.08x0.35") Weight 180gr (6.35oz) Form Factor Candy Bar Material Colors Metal Frame Display Resolution 720x1280px Display Size 69x122mm (2.72x4.8") ~267PPI Display Diagonal 5.5" Display Type 16M IPS Secondary Display Resolution Input Capacitive Touchscreen Talk Time 10 hours Standby Time 16 days, 16 hours OS Android OS, v6.0 Java Vibration Available Ringtone Chipset MediaTek MT6737 Processor 4 Cores @ 1.3GHz ARM Cortex-A53 GPU Mali-T720 Ram 1GB Internal Memory 8GB External Memory microSD Camera Resolution 13 Megapixel Camera Flash LED Camera Lens Optical Zoom Front Camera 5 Megapixel Second Front Camera Front Camera Flash Other Functionalities Accelerometer Proximity Sensor Speaker Mono Battery Capacity 3000mAh Battery Type Non-removable Battery WIMAX WiFi Wi-Fi 802.11 b/g/n UPnP NFC USB 2.0 Bluetooth v4.0 Positioning System Integrated GPS TV Receiver TV Out Audio Output 3.5mm Jack Radio FM Ethernet Infrared Network Compatibility LTE 800(20), 1800+(3), 2600(7), 2100(1) GSM 1800, 1900, 850, 900 UMTS 900, 2100 HSPA 900, 2100 SIM Cards 2x Micro/Nano PTT HSCSD GPRS Available EDGE Available AMPS CDMA2000 1xEV-DO Price Range -. Energizer Energy S550 vs HTC Desire 530. Energizer Energy S550 vs LG Stylus 2. Energizer Energy S550 vs Motorola Moto E3 Power. Energizer Energy S550 vs Alcatel Onetouch Pixi 4 Plus Power. Energizer Energy S550 vs Fly Cirrus 4 FS507. FIND / COMPARE PHONES BRANDS Apple HTC LG Motorola Nokia Samsung Sony All Brands TOP LISTS Fastest CPU Slimmest Cell Phones More OTHER SECTIONS Feature List. We cannot guarantee the validity of information found here. Global United States United Kingdom India Türkish Arabic Spanish Portuguese Tablet Website. 
Apple Google HTC Huawei LG Motorola Nokia OnePlus Samsung Sony Xiaomi. Home Smartphones Energizer Energy S550. Energizer Energy S550 Specs and review. Energizer Energy S550 is smartphone from 2017 year. For its performance cares processor Quad-core, Cortex-A53 with operating frequency of 1300Mhz. The device's screen is 5.5 inches. The camera has a sensor of 13 MP. For the life of the phone cares battery with capacity of 3000 mAh. The smartphone comes with operating system Android 6.0 (Marshmallow). This is just a short description. For detailed specifications and all features refer to the table below and leave your comments.. Operating system (OS) Android 6.0 (Marshmallow). Processor 1 (CPU) 1300 MHz, Quad-core, Cortex-A53. External memory microSD, up to 64 GB (uses SIM 2 slot). Internal memory 8 GB, 1 GB RAM. GSM 850 / 900 / 1800 / 1900 - SIM 1 & SIM 23G bands. LTE band 1(2100), 3(1800), 7(2600), 20(800). Up to 400 h (3G)Talk time. Dimension (HxWxD, mm) 154.8 Ð¥ 78.2 Ð¥ 8.8. SIM card Hybrid Dual SIM (Micro-SIM/Nano-SIM, dual stand-by). Wi-Fi Wi-Fi 802.11 b/g/n, Wi-Fi Direct, hotspot. - Geo-tagging, touch focus, face detection. Energizer Energy S550 - comments and opinions. Did you find an error in the catalog? Tell us about it and we will fix it as soon as possible.. If you want to thank you tell us your email:). In our database there are 4337 smartphones from 95 brands And we continue to add new ones. Energizer Energy S550 VS Motorola Moto E4. Energizer Energy S550 VS Samsung Galaxy S4. Energizer Energy S550 VS Samsung Galaxy S6 edge. PhonesData is the Web site where you can find information about the full technical specifications of all smartphones. We have added specifications such as size of the screen, processor MHz, MP of camera, battery, weight, operating system, and many more!. We are adding daily new devices and checking the old errors. However, it is possible catalog to have inaccuracies. Not responsible for incorrect entered information. The latest smartphones you can buy from Amazon, Ebay, your mobile operator, the formal representation or other souvenirs of your choice at their price price.. Apple Google HTC Huawei LG Motorola Nokia OnePlus Samsung Sony Xiaomi. 2018 Â© PhonesData - All rights reserved.. 
Are you human, bot or alien?. 
Hello ( Sign in to bid or buy) Daily Deals Sell Help & Contact. Summary Recently Viewed Bids/Offers Watch List Purchase History Selling Saved Searches Saved Sellers Messages Collect & Spend Learn more. Langston ® Deep Bass Headphones Built in Mic (iM-8) Energizer Energy S550. Photos not available for this variation. Mouse over to zoom - Click to enlarge. Langston ® Deep Bass Headphones Built in Mic (iM-8) Energizer Energy S550. Share on Facebook - opens in a new window or tab. Share on Twitter - opens in a new window or tab. Share on Pinterest - opens in a new window or tab. For this item, the seller provides:. Excellent customer service as rated by buyers. - opens in a new window or tab Learn more. For this item, the seller provides:. kscbusiness has no other items for sale.. Please enter a quantity of $qty_dummy$ or less. Please enter a quantity of 1. Purchases are limited to $qty_dummy$ per buyer. Please enter quantity of 1 or more. Choose quantity that is less than $qty_dummy1$ or equal to $qty_dummy$. You can only choose quantity that is equal to $qty_dummy$. Collect 13 Nectar points. Get Started | Conditions for uk nectar points - opens in a new window or tab. No additional import charges on delivery.. This item will be sent through the Global Shipping Programme and includes international tracking. Learn more - opens in a new window or tab. help icon for delivery - opens a layer. This amount includes applicable customs duties, taxes, brokerage and other fees. This amount is subject to change until you make payment. For additional information, see the Global Shipping Programme terms and conditions - opens in a new window or tab. This amount includes applicable customs duties, taxes, brokerage and other fees. This amount is subject to change until you make payment. If you reside in an EU member state besides UK, import VAT on this purchase is not recoverable. For additional information, see the Global Shipping Programme terms and conditions - opens in a new window or tab. An error occurred, please try again.. International postage paid to Pitney Bowes Inc. Learn More - opens in a new window or tab. International postage and import charges paid to Pitney Bowes Inc. Learn More - opens in a new window or tab. Any international postage and import charges are paid in part to Pitney Bowes Inc. Learn More - opens in a new window or tab. International postage paid to Pitney Bowes Inc. Learn More - opens in a new window or tab. Any international postage is paid in part to Pitney Bowes Inc. Learn More - opens in a new window or tab. Covered by the eBay Money Back Guarantee. See details - opens in a new window or tab. Report item - opens in a new window or tab. Seller assumes all responsibility for this listing.. New: A brand-new, unused, unopened and undamaged item in original retail packaging (where packaging is. If the item comes direct from a manufacturer, it may be delivered in non-retail packaging, such as a plain or unprinted box or plastic bag. See the seller's listing for full details. See all condition definitions - opens in a new window or tab. TABLETS ACCESSORIES BARGAIN WHOLESALE JOBLOTS APPLE IPAD ACCESSORIES APPLE IPHONE ACCESSORIES SAMSUNG TABLET ACCESSORIES SAMSUNG PHONE ACCESSORIES NOKIA ACCESSORIES HTC ACCESSORIES LG ACCESSORIES HEADPHONES CHARGERS Stationery Household Items Gift Bags Gift Boxes Otra. After receiving the item, cancel the purchase within. The buyer is responsible for return postage costs.. Most purchases from business sellers are protected by the Consumer Contract Regulations 2013 which give you the right to cancel the purchase within 14 days after the day you receive the item. Find out more about your rights as a buyer - opens in a new window or tab and exceptions - opens in a new window or tab .. Seller assumes all responsibility for this listing.. The seller hasn't specified a postage method to Singapore. Contact the seller - opens in a new window or tab and request post to your location.. Item location: Birmingham, West Midlands, United Kingdom. Postage to: Americas, Europe, Asia, Australia. Excludes: Africa, Central America and Caribbean, Middle East, South America, Russian Federation, Albania, Bosnia and Herzegovina, Macedonia, Montenegro, Portugal, Serbia, Ukraine, Brunei Darussalam, Cambodia, Hong Kong, Indonesia, Laos, Macau, Malaysia, Singapore, Taiwan, Thailand, Vietnam, Bermuda, Greenland, Mexico, Saint Pierre and Miquelon, Azerbaijan Republic, Georgia, Kazakhstan, Kyrgyzstan, Tajikistan, Turkmenistan, Uzbekistan, American Samoa, Cook Islands, Fiji, French Polynesia, Guam, Kiribati, Marshall Islands, Micronesia, Nauru, New Caledonia, Niue, Palau, Papua New Guinea, Solomon Islands, Tonga, Tuvalu, Vanuatu, Wallis and Futuna, Western Samoa, PO Box. Please enter a number less than or equal to 20.. Please enter up to 7 characters for the postcode. This item doesn't post to Singapore. Will usually dispatch within 1 working day of receiving cleared payment - opens in a new window or tab .. VAT price: 20.0% (included in the listed price).. If you have questions about this VAT, please contact the seller. The actual VAT requirements and rates may vary depending on the final sale.. Accepted, Eligibility for PayPal Credit is determined at checkout.. eBay Marketplaces GmbH is an appointed representative of eBay International AG (both of Helvetiastraße 15-17, 3005 Bern, Switzerland) and is authorised by the FCA to conduct credit broking for a restricted range of finance providers. We may receive commission if your application for credit is successful.. Finance is provided by PayPal Credit (a trading name of PayPal (Europe) S.à.r.l. et Cie, S.C.A., 22-24 Boulevard Royal L-2449, Luxembourg). Immediate payment required for this item.. Immediate payment of £12.99 is required.. eBay Marketplaces GmbH is an appointed representative of eBay International AG (both of Helvetiastraße 15-17, 3005 Bern, Switzerland) and is authorised by the FCA to conduct credit broking for a restricted range of finance providers. We may receive commission if your application for credit is successful.. Langston ® Deep Bass Headphones Built in Mic (iM-8) Ene... Langston ® Deep Bass Headphones Built in Mic (iM-8) Ene.... Added to your Watch list. Deep Sea Bass Fishing Equipment ,. Deep Sea Bass Fishing Hooks ,. 3.5mm (1/8') Headphones with Built - In On/Off Switch ,. Site Map Copyright © 1995-2018 eBay Inc. User Agreement , Privacy , Cookies and AdChoice. 
Latest Updated Mobile Prices in Pakistan, Mobile specifications Online 2018. Post your reviews & opinions for Energizer mobile set Energy S550 .. Mobile Sets » Energizer Mobiles » Energizer Energy S550 specifications » Post your opinion about Energizer Energy S550. Energizer Energy S550 Mobile Price in Pakistani Rs. Energizer sets 5000 to 10000 Rs. Energizer sets < 10000 to 15000 Rs. Energizer sets < 15000 to 25000 Rs. - Be polite and use common sense. - Expressions of hatred based on race/ethnicity, sex, sexual orientation, disability, and religion are strictly prohibited. - Be first to give honest reviews and win free mobile every month via Lucky Draw! You must have given honest reviews on at least 10 different mobiles in a month to get free mobile via Lucky Draw. - If you want to sell your Energizer Energy S550, follow Sell Used Energizer Energy S550. If you don't follow the above rules, your post will be never approved and your IP will get banned.. Post your reviews & opinion about Energizer Energy S550. Abbotabad Abdul hakim Adda jahan khan Adda shaiwala Akhora khattak Ali chak Allahabad Amangarh Arif wala Arifwala Attock Babri banda Badin Bahawalnagar Bahawalpur Balakot Bannu Barbar loi Barbar loi Baroute Bat khela Bhai pheru Bhakkar Bhalwal Bhan saeedabad Bhera Bhimbar Bhirya road Bhuawana Blitang Buchay key Burewala Chacklala Chacklala Chaininda Chak 4 b c Chak 46 Chak jamal Chak jhumra Chak sawara Chak sheza Chakwal Charsada Chashma Chawinda Chicha watni Chiniot Chishtian Chitral Chohar jamali Choppar hatta Chowha saidan shah Chowk azam Chowk mailta Chowk munda Chunian Dadakhel Dadu Daharki Dandot Dargai Darya khan Daska Daud khel Daulat pur Daur Deh pathaan Depal pur Dera ghazi khan Dera ismail khan Dera murad jamali Dera nawab sahib Dhatmal Dhoun kal Digri Dijkot Dina Dinga Doaaba Doltala Domeli Dudial Dunyapur Eminabad Estate l.m factory Faisalabad Farooqabad Fateh pur Feroz walla Feroz watan Feteh jhang Fiza got Gadoon amazai Gaggo mandi Gakhar mandi Gambet Garh maharaja Garh more Gari habibullah Gari mori Gawadar Gharo Ghazi Ghotki Gilgit Gohar ghoushti Gojar khan Gojra Goular khel Guddu Gujjar khan Gujranwala Gujrat Hafizabad Hala Hangu Hari pur Hariwala Haroonabad Hasilpur Hassan abdal Hattar Hattian lawrencepur Haveli lakha Havelian Hayatabad Hazro Head marala Hub inds estate Hyderabad Issa khel Jaccobabad Jaja abasian Jalal pur jatan Jalal pur priwala Jampur Jamrud road Jamshoro Jan pur Jandanwala Jaranwala Jauharabad Jehangira Jehanian Jehlum Jhal Magsi Jhand Jhang Jhatta bhutta Jhelum Jhudo Joharabad Kabir wala Kacha khooh Kahuta Kakul Kakur town Kala bagh Kala shah kaku Kalar syedian Kalaswala Kallur kot Kamalia Kamalia musa Kamber ali khan Kamokey Kamra Kandh kot Kandiaro Karak Karoor pacca Karore lalisan Kashmir Kashmore Kasur Kazi ahmed Khair pur Khair pur mir Khairpur nathan shah Khan qah sharif Khanbel Khandabad Khanewal Khangarh Khanqah dogran Khanqah sharif Kharian Khewra Khoski Khurian wala Khushab Khushal kot Khuzdar Kohat Kot addu Kot bunglow Kot ghulam mohd Kot mithan Kot radha kishan Kotla Kotla arab ali khan Kotla jam Kotla patdan Kotli loharan Kotri Kumbh Kundina Kunjah Kunri Laki marwat Lala musa Lala rukh Laliah Lalshanra Larkana Lasbella Lawrence pur Layyah Liaquat pur Lodhran Ludhan Machi goth Madina Mailsi Makli Malakwal Mamu kunjan Mandi bahauddin Mandra Manga mandi Mangal sada Mangi Mangla Mangowal Manoabad Manshera Mardan Mari indus Mastoi Matiari Matli Mehar Mehmood kot Mehrab pur Mian chunnu Mian Walli Mingora Mir ali Miran shah Mirpur Mirpur khas Mirpur mathelo Mohen jo daro More kunda Morgah Moro Mubarik pur Multan Muridkay Murree Musafir khana Mustung Muzaffarabad Muzaffargarh Nankana sahib Narang mandi Narowal Naseerabad Naudero Naukot Naukundi Nawab shah New saeedabad Nilore Noor kot Noorpur nooranga Nowshera Nowshera cantt Nowshero peroz Okara Other Padidan Pak china fertilizer Pak pattan sharif Panjan kisan Panjgoor Pannu aqil Pasni Pasroor Patoki Peshawar Phagwar Phalia Phool nagar Piaro goth Pindi bhohri Pindi dadan khan Pindi gheb Pir mahal Pishin Qalandarabad Qasba gujrat Qazi ahmed Quaidabad Quetta Rabwah Rahimyar khan Rahwali Raiwand Rajana Rajanpur Rangoo Ranipur Ratto dero Rawala kot Rawalpindi Rawat Renala khurd Risalpur Rohri Sadiqabad Sagri Sahiwal Saidu sharif Sajawal Sakrand Samanabad Sambrial Samma satta Samundri Sanghar Sanghi Sangla hill Sangote Sanjwal Sara e alamgir Sara e naurang Sargodha Satyana bangla Sehar baqlas Serai alamgir Shadiwal Shah kot Shahdad kot Shahdad pur Shahpur chakar Shaikhupura Shamsabad Shankiari Shedani sharif Sheikhupura Shemier Shikar pur Shorkot Shujabad Sialkot Sibi Sihala Sikandarabad Silanwala Sita road Skardu Sohawa district daska Sohawa district jelum Sukkur Swabi Swatmingora Takhtbai Talagang Talamba Talhur Tando adam Tando allahyar Tando jam Tando mohd khan Tank Tarbela Tarmatan Taunsa sharif Taxila Tharo shah Thatta Theing jattan more Thull Tibba sultanpur Tobatek singh Topi Toru Trinda mohd pannah Turbat Ubaro Ugoki Ukba Umar kot Upper deval Usta mohammad Vehari Village Sunder Wah cantt Wahi hassain Wan radha ram Warah Warburton Wazirabad Yazman mandi Zahir pir. Reply to post / answer to question. Your comment about Energizer Energy S550 mobile set. Question: What is capital of Pakistan?. (write answer of question to know that you are human). mujhy yh cell chaiy 10000 tk in gd conda. A A guyz i have a QMobile A120 in v good. A A guyz i have a QMobile A120 in v good. A A guyz i have a QMobile A120 in v good. For sale Huawei p2 4G LTE. For sale Huawei p2 4G LTE. © 2016-2017 mobile-phone.pk PKR mobile prices in Pakistan Karachi, Lahore, Islamabad, India. 
REGISTER STILL NO ACCOUNT ? DON'T WAIT. 
Full Specification Energizer Energy E520 LTE. Network : 2G/3G/4G Launch : 2017, September SIM : Hybrid Dual SIM (Nano-SIM, dual stand-by) Screen Display : 5.2 inches, LTPS IPS…. Network : 2G/3G/4G Launch : 2018, January SIM : Hybrid Dual SIM (Nano-SIM, dual stand-by) Screen Display : 5.5 inches, LTPS IPS LCD…. Network : 2G/3G/4G Launch : 2018, January SIM : Hybrid Dual SIM (Nano-SIM, dual stand-by) Screen Display : 2.4 inches, TFT, 256K colors,…. Full Specification Energizer Power Max P550S. Network : 2G/3G/4G Launch : 2017, December SIM : Hybrid Dual SIM (Nano-SIM, dual stand-by) Screen Display : 5.5 inches, IPS LCD…. Full Specification Energizer Energy 400 LTE. Network : 2G/3G/4G Launch : 2017, Q3 SIM : Hybrid Dual SIM (Micro-SIM, dual stand-by) Screen Display : 4.0 inches, TN TFT…. Full Specification Energizer Power Max P600S. Network : 2G/3G/4G Launch : 2018, January SIM : Hybrid Dual SIM (Nano-SIM, dual stand-by) Screen Display : 5.9 inches, IPS LCD…. Network : 2G/3G/4G Launch : 2017, December SIM : Hybrid Dual SIM (Nano-SIM, dual stand-by) Screen Display : 5.0 inches, TN TFT capacitive…. Network : 2G/3G/4G Launch : 2017, December SIM : Hybrid Dual SIM (Micro-SIM/Nano-SIM, dual stand-by) Screen Display : 5.5 inches, IPS LCD capacitive…. Privacy & Cookies: This site uses cookies. To find out more, as well as how to remove or block these, see here:. Powered by HostBlast & Automatic. 
Telefon mobil Energizer Energy Plus S550, Dual SIM, 8GB, 4G, Black. Sport & Activitati in aer liber. Sport & Activitati in aer liber. E.ON - Energia ta de maine. PRODUSE vezi toate. Telefon mobil Energizer Energy Plus S550, Dual SIM, 8GB, 4G, Black. Laptop, Tablete & Telefoane Telefoane mobile & accesorii Telefoane Mobile Telefoane Mobile Energizer. de la 32 79 Lei / luna. Telefon mobil Allview X4 Soul Mini, Dual SIM, 16GB, 2GB RAM, 4G, Black. Telefon mobil ZTE Blade A602, Dual Sim, 16GB, 4G, Silver. Telefon mobil Motorola Moto C, Dual SIM, 8GB, 4G, Black. Telefon mobil Doogee MIX Lite, Dual SIM, 16GB, Black. Telefon mobil Nokia 3, Dual SIM, 16GB, Silver White. Telefon mobil Nokia 3, Dual SIM, 16GB, Tempered Blue. Telefon mobil Energizer Energy S550, Dual SIM, 8GB, 4G. Suntem consumatori de servicii mobile atat de voce cat si de date si de multe ori, alegerea unui telefon cat mai bun este un lucru din ce in ce mai greu. Energizer S550 LTE iti usureaza cautarile si te invita sa-l incerci. Procesorul sau Quad Core de 1,3 GHz ofera multitasking si navigare usoara.. Energizer S550 LTE respecta standardul LTE, permite accesul la tehnologia 4G si are un ecran de 5,5 ""HD ce permite un confort deosebit de utilizare.. Daca timpul de incarcare a telefonului mobil este o operatiune pe care ai vrea s-o reduci pe cat posibil, atunci e timpul sa te orientezi catre un telefon cu o baterie buna. Cu know-how-ul de lunga durata a acumulatorului, Energizer semneaza cu telefonul smartphone S550 o autonomie buna datorita bateriei de 3000 mAh.. Un smartphone Dual SIM este ideal datorita intrebuintarii lui in viata de zi cu zi: aceea de a permite utilizarea a doua sim-uri fara a folosi doua terminale diferite. Energizer S550 LTE este dotat cu Dual SIM, functie ce iti permite sa combini doua abonamente diferite, de exemplu.. Avem din ce in ce mai multe informatii pe care vrem sa le pastram si sa le folosim odata cu telefoanele mobile. Energizer S550 LTE iti ofera posibilitatea de a mari memoria interna printr-un slot card memorie microSD de pana la 64 GB.. Protejat impotriva stropirii, rezista de asemenea imersarii totale sub apa. Structura studiata a modelului S550 impiedica infiltrarea prafului si rezista, de asemenea, caderilor de peste 1,5 m.. Acumulator extern ASUS ZenPower, 10050 mAh, Black. Acumulator extern Trust Primo, 13000 mAh, Negru. 2G: 900 / 1800 / 1900. 4g: 700 / 800 / 1800 / 2600. eMAG.ro face eforturi permanente pentru a păstra acurateţea informaţiilor din acestă pagină. Rareori acestea pot conţine inadvertenţe: fotografia are caracter informativ şi poate conţine accesorii neincluse în pachetele standard, unele specificaţii sau preţul, pot fi modificate de catre producător fără preaviz sau pot conţine erori de operare. Toate promoţiile prezente în site sunt valabile în limita stocului.. Mini Drona iMK 512DW - 4CH Elfin Cu Camera Video Si Foto 0.3MP Si Wi-Fi, Auriu. Robot Star Wars BB-8 Sphero cu aplicatie. Drona iDrone cu brate pliabile camera cu transmisie live pe smartphone si altitudine automata, Negru. Robot Cu Aplicatie SPHERO OLLIE Darkside, Negru. STAR Mini Drona 4CH Quadcopter Cu Camera Video Si Foto 2MP Si Wi-Fi FQ10W. Robot cu aplicatie Sphero SPRK+ Albastru. Fii primul care scrie un review. Spune-ti parerea acordand o nota produsului. Alti utilizatori au fost interesati si de.... Telefon mobil Energizer Power Max P550S, Dual SIM, 16GB, 4G, Black. Telefon mobil Energizer HARDCASE H550S, Dual SIM, 32GB, 4G, Black. Telefon mobil Energizer Energy E10, Dual SIM, White. Telefon mobil Doogee MIX Lite, Dual SIM, 16GB, Black. Telefon mobil ZTE Blade V8 Mini, Dual SIM, Dual Camera, 16GB, 4G, Black. Pune o intrebare si poti primi raspuns de la comunitate.. Telefoane Mobile - 4G - FDD. Telefoane Mobile - 4G - TDD. Alti vizitatori au fost interesati si de:. Acces instant la peste 500.000 de clienti unici , zilnic. Inregistrarea afacerii tale este gratuita. Esti la doar cateva click-uri de vanzari spectaculoase. Lasă-ne numărul tău de telefon și îți vom trimite link-ul de download.. 30 de zile drept de retur. Plata cu cardul in rate fara dobanda. Copyright © 2001-2018 Dante International, CUI: 14399840, Reg. 
