134.5 x 73.6 x 18.8 mm. Android OS v4.4 ( KitKat ). 8 MP 3264 x 2448 px autofocus. DroidChart.com / Smartphones / Energizer / Energizer Energy 400 (2015). 4 inches 480 x 800 px. The detailed specifications, photos and introductory video of the Energizer Energy 400 (E400). The list of the competitors most often compared to the Energizer Energy 400 smartphone.. The Energizer Energy 400 (E400) smartphone released in 2015. It is powered by Mediatek MT6572 chipset, 512 MB of RAM and 4 GB of internal storage.. The Energizer Energy 400 runs on Android OS v4.4 (KitKat) out of the box. It comes with a Li-Ion 2400 mAh battery. It features a 4 inches IPS display with 480 x 800 px resolution. The IPS technology is one of the most leading LCD technologies in the world.. The Energizer Energy 400 runs on Android OS v4.4 (KitKat) out of the box, but the Energy 400's firmware can be upgraded to a newer version of OS.. Screen size is measured in inches, diagonally from corner to corner. The 4 inches IPS capacitive touch screen with 480 x 800 px resolution is multitouch capable.. The smartphone's memory (512 MB) cannot be expanded, but the storage (4 GB) can be expanded with a microSD card.. The camera of the Energizer Energy 400 is equipped with autofocus. Autofocus is a camera feature that fine-tunes the focus of the camera, it is a nice feature of this smartphone.. This smartphone has a built-in GPS receiver. GPS is a satellite based navigation system that allows the determination of the exact geographical location on Earth. This Energizer smartphone has FM radio receiver.. The Li-Ion 2400 mAh battery gives the smartphone a good battery backup. This is a low maintenance battery. No periodic discharge is needed and charging can be done at random.. The smartphone sensors measure physical quantities and transmit them to the application processor. The phones's accelerometer is a built-in electronic component that measures tilt and motion. The proximity sensor detects when a user is holding the phone near their face during a call and turns off the display to prevent keypad presses and battery consumption from the display.. Compare Energizer Energy 400 to other smartphones. The specifications above are based on the official data published by the manufacturer, but we also take user reviews into consideration. If you found an error or something lacking in the specifications above for the Energizer Energy 400, then don’t hesitate and signal the problem to us.. According to our statistics, the Energizer Energy 400 smartphone was most often compared on our site with the following smartphones.. Compare Energizer Energy 400 to other smartphones. If there’s information about the Energizer Energy 400 that you would like to see on this site, then write to our webmaster@droidchart.com address.. 
Home › Energizer › Energy 400 Energizer Energy 400 - Specifications. Most recent comparisons including Energizer Energy 400 List of the latest comparisons made by the website visitors, which include Energizer Energy 400 Last viewed devices List of mobile devices, whose specifications have been recently viewed.. Width Height Thickness Weight Write a review. Dimensions : 73.6 x 134.5 x 18.8 mm Weight : 367 g SoC : MediaTek MT6572 CPU : ARM Cortex-A7, 1300 MHz, Cores : 2 GPU : ARM Mali-400 MP1, 500 MHz, Cores : 1 RAM : 512 MB, 266 MHz Storage : 4 GB Memory cards : microSD, microSDHC, microSDXC Display : 4 in, IPS, 480 x 800 pixels, 24 bit Battery : 2400 mAh, Li-Ion OS : Android 4.4 KitKat Camera : 3264 x 2448 pixels, 1280 x 720 pixels, 30 fps SIM card : Mini-SIM Wi-Fi : b, g, n, Wi-Fi Hotspot USB : 2.0, Micro USB Bluetooth : 4.0 Positioning : GPS, A-GPS. Brand and model Information about the brand, model and model alias (if any) of a specific device. Brand Energizer Model Energy 400 Design Information about the dimensions and weight of the device, shown in different measurement units. Width 73.6 mm (millimeters) 7.36 cm (centimeters) 0.24 ft (feet) 2.9 in (inches) Height 134.5 mm (millimeters) 13.45 cm (centimeters) 0.44 ft (feet) 5.3 in (inches) Thickness 18.8 mm (millimeters) 1.88 cm (centimeters) 0.06 ft (feet) 0.74 in (inches) Weight 367 g (grams) 0.81 lbs (pounds) 12.95 oz (ounces) Volume 186.1 cm³ (cubic centimeters) 11.3 in³ (cubic inches) Colors Gray Certification IP68 SIM card The Subscriber Identity Module (SIM) is used in mobile devices for storing data authenticating the subscribers of mobile services. SIM card type Mini-SIM (2FF - second form factor, since late 1990s, 25.00 x 15.00 x 0.76 mm) Number of SIM cards 1 Networks A mobile (cellular) network is a radio system, which allows a large number of mobile devices to communicate with each other. GSM GSM 850 MHz GSM 900 MHz GSM 1900 MHz UMTS UMTS 850 MHz UMTS 900 MHz UMTS 1900 MHz UMTS 2100 MHz Mobile network technologies and bandwidth Communication between devices within mobile networks is realized via various generations of network technologies, which provide different bandwidth. Mobile network technologies UMTS (384 kbit/s ) EDGE GPRS HSPA+ (HSUPA 5.76 Mbit/s , HSDPA 21 Mbit/s ) Operating system Operating system is the system software, which manages and controls the functioning of the hardware components of the device. Operating system (OS) Android 4.4 KitKat System on Chip (SoC) A system on a chip (SoC) includes into a single chip some of the main hardware components of the mobile device. SoC MediaTek MT6572 Process technology 28 nm (nanometers) CPU ARM Cortex-A7 CPU bits 32 bit Instruction set ARMv7 Level 1 cache memory (L1) 32 KB + 32 KB (kilobytes) Level 2 cache memory (L2) 256 KB (kilobytes) 0.25 MB (megabytes) CPU cores 2 CPU frequency 1300 MHz (megahertz) GPU ARM Mali-400 MP1 GPU cores 1 GPU frequency 500 MHz (megahertz) RAM capacity 512 MB (megabytes) RAM type LPDDR2 RAM frequency 266 MHz (megahertz) Storage Every mobile device has a built-in storage (internal memory) with a fixed capacity. Storage 4 GB (gigabytes) Memory cards Memory cards are used in mobile devices for expanding their external storage capacity. Types microSD microSDHC microSDXC Display The display of a mobile device is characterized by its technology, resolution, pixel density, diagonal length, color depth, etc. Type/technology IPS Diagonal size 4 in (inches) 101.6 mm (millimeters) 10.16 cm (centimeters) Width 2.06 in (inches) 52.27 mm (millimeters) 5.23 cm (centimeters) Height 3.43 in (inches) 87.12 mm (millimeters) 8.71 cm (centimeters) Aspect ratio 1.667:1 5:3 Resolution 480 x 800 pixels Pixel density 233 ppi (pixels per inch) 91 ppcm (pixels per centimeter) Color depth 24 bit 16777216 colors Display area 46.15 % (percent) Other features Capacitive Multi-touch Sensors Different sensors measure different physical quantities and convert them into signals recognizable by the mobile device. Sensors Proximity Light Accelerometer Primary camera The primary camera of the mobile device is usually placed at its back and is used for taking photos and recording videos. Sensor type CMOS (complementary metal-oxide semiconductor) Flash type LED Image resolution 3264 x 2448 pixels 7.99 MP (megapixels) Video resolution 1280 x 720 pixels 0.92 MP (megapixels) Video FPS 30 fps (frames per second) Features Autofocus Continuous shooting Digital zoom Digital image stabilization Geotagging Panorama HDR Touch focus Face detection White balance settings ISO settings Exposure compensation Scene mode Secondary camera Secondary cameras are placed above the screen of the device and are usually used for video calls, gesture recognition, etc. 1.3 MP Audio Information about the type of speakers and the audio technologies supported by the device. Speaker Loudspeaker Earpiece Radio The radio in a mobile device is a built-in FM radio receiver. Radio Yes Tracking/Positioning Information about the positioning and navigation technologies supported by the device. Tracking/Positioning GPS A-GPS Wi-Fi Wi-Fi is a technology that provides wireless data connections between various devices within a short range. Wi-Fi 802.11b (IEEE 802.11b-1999) 802.11g (IEEE 802.11g-2003) 802.11n (IEEE 802.11n-2009) Wi-Fi Hotspot Bluetooth Bluetooth is a standard for secure wireless data transfer between different types of devices over short distances. Version 4.0 Features A2DP (Advanced Audio Distribution Profile) USB The Universal Serial Bus (USB) is an industry standard that allows different electronic devices to exchange data. Connector type Micro USB Version 2.0 Features Charging Mass storage Headphone jack The headphone jack is an audio phone connector, a.k.a. The most widely used one in mobile devices is the 3.5 mm headphone jack. Headphone jack Yes Connectivity Information about other important connectivity technologies supported by the devices. Connectivity Computer sync OTA sync Tethering Browser A web browser is a software application for accessing, fetching, displaying and navigating through information on the World Wide Web. Browser HTML HTML5 CSS 3 Audio file formats/codecs Mobile devices support various audio file formats and codecs, which respectively store and code/decode digital audio data. Audio file formats/codecs AAC (Advanced Audio Coding) AMR / AMR-NB / GSM-AMR (Adaptive Multi-Rate, .amr, .3ga) eAAC+ / aacPlus v2 / HE-AAC v2 MIDI MP3 (MPEG-2 Audio Layer II, .mp3) WMA (Windows Media Audio, .wma) WAV (Waveform Audio File Format, .wav, .wave) Video file formats/codecs Mobile devices support various video file formats and codecs, which respectively store and code/decode digital video data. Video file formats/codecs 3GPP (3rd Generation Partnership Project, .3gp) AVI (Audio Video Interleaved, .avi) MKV (Matroska Multimedia Container, .mkv .mk3d .mka .mks) MP4 (MPEG-4 Part 14, .mp4, .m4a, .m4p, .m4b, .m4r, .m4v) Xvid Battery The batteries of mobile devices differ in capacity and technology. They provide the electrical charge needed for the functioning of the devices. Capacity 2400 mAh (milliampere-hours) Type Li-Ion 2G talk time 12 h (hours) 720 min (minutes) 0.5 days 2G stand-by time 220 h (hours) 13200 min (minutes) 9.2 days 3G talk time 12 h (hours) 720 min (minutes) 0.5 days 3G stand-by time 240 h (hours) 14400 min (minutes) 10 days Features Removable. Brand name of the company that manufactures the device.. the horizontal side of the device when it is used in its standard orientation.. the vertical side of the device when it is used in its standard orientation.. Information about the thickness/depth of the device in different measurement units.. Information about the weight of the device in different measurement units.. Estimated volume of the device, calculated from the dimensions provided by the manufacturer. Applies for devices in the form of a rectangular parallelepiped.. Information about the colors, in which the device is available in the market.. Information about the standards, in which the device is certified.. Information about the type and size (form factor) of the SIM card used in the device.. Information about the number of SIM cards, supported by the device.. GSM (Global System for Mobile Communications) was developed to replace the analog cellular network (1G), therefore it is referred to as a 2G mobile network. It has been improved with the addition of General Packet Radio Services (GPRS) and later via the Enhanced Data rates for GSM Evolution (EDGE) technology.. UMTS stands for Universal Mobile Telecommunications System. Based on the GSM standard, it is deemed as a 3G mobile network standard. It has been developed by the 3GPP and its major advantage is the provision of greater bandwidth and spectral efficiency, due to the W-CDMA technology.. There are several network technologies that enhance the performance of mobile networks mainly by increased data bandwidth. Information about the communication technologies supported by the device and their respective uplink and downlink bandwidth.. Information about the operating system used by the device as well as its version.. The SoC integrates different hardware components such as the CPU, GPU, memory, peripherals, interfaces, etc., as well as software for their functioning.. Information about the process technology used in manufacturing the chip. The value in nanometers represents half the distance between elements that make up the CPU.. CPU is the Central Processing Unit or the processor of a mobile device. Its main function is to interpret and execute instructions contained in software applications.. The CPU bits are determined by the bit-size of the processor registers, address buses and data buses. 64-bit CPUs provide better performance than 32-bit ones, which on their part perform better than 16-bit processors.. The instruction set architecture (ISA) is a set of commands used by the software to manage the CPU's work. Information about the set of instructions the processor can execute.. The cache memory is used by the processor in order to shorten the time needed to access data and instructions that a frequently used. The L1 (level 1) cache memory has a small volume, but operates faster than the RAM and the rest cache memory levels. If the processor does not find the data needed in L1, it continues to look for it in the L2 cache memory. In some processors the search in L1 and L2 is simultaneous.. The L2 (level 2) cache memory is slower than L1, but has a larger capacity, instead, which allows it to cache more data. Just like L1, it is much faster than the system memory (RAM). If the CPU does not find the data needed in L2, it proceeds to look for them in the L3 cache memory (if there is such) or in the RAM.. A CPU core is the processor unit, which executes software instructions. Presently, besides single-core processors, there are dual-core, quad-core, hexa-core and so on multi-core processors. They increase the performance of the device allowing the execution of multiple instructions in parallel.. The frequency of the processor describes its clock rate in cycles per second. It is measured in Megahertz (MHz) or Gigahertz (GHz).. GPU is a graphical processing unit, which handles computation for 2D/3D graphics applications. In mobile devices GPU is usually utilized by games, UI, video playback, etc. GPU can also perform computation in applications traditionally handled by the CPU.. Similar to the CPU, the GPU consists of processing units called cores. They handle the computation of graphics in various applications.. The frequency is the clock rate of the graphic processor (GPU), which is measured in Megahertz (MHz) or Gigahertz (GHz).. RAM (Random-Access Memory) is used by the operating system and all installed applications. Data in the RAM is lost after the device is turned off or restarted.. Information about the type of RAM used by the device.. RAM frequency relates directly to the rate of reading/writing from/in the RAM memory.. Information about the capacity of the built-in storage of the device. Sometimes one and the same model may is offered in variants with different internal storage capacity.. The various types of memory cards are characterized by different sizes and capacity. Information about the supported types of memory cards.. One of the main characteristics of the display is its type/technology, on which depends its performance.. In mobile devices display size is represented by the length of its diagonal measured in inches.. The ratio between the long and the short side of the display. The display resolution shows the number of pixels on the horizontal and vertical side of the screen. The higher the resolution is, the greater the detail of the displayed content.. Information about the number of pixels per centimeter (ppcm) or per inch (ppi) of the display. The higher the pixel density, the more detailed and clearer is the information displayed on the screen.. The color depth of the display is also known as bit depth. It shows the number of bits used for the color components of one pixel. Information about the maximum number of colors the screen can display.. The estimated percentage of the screen area from the device's front area.. Information about other functions and features of the display.. Sensors vary in type and purpose. They increase the overall functionality of the device, in which they are integrated.. Digital cameras use image sensors for taking photos. The sensor characteristics are some of the main factors determining the quality of the camera integrated in the mobile device.. Cameras of mobile devices use mainly a LED or a Xenon flash. The LED flash has a softer burst of light and in contrast to the much brighter Xenon flash, is used for recording videos as well.. One of the main characteristics of the cameras of mobile devices is their resolution, which shows the number of pixels on the horizontal and vertical dimensions of the image.. Information about the maximum resolution available for shooting a video with the device.. Information about the maximum number of frames per second (fps), supported by the device while recording a video at maximum resolution. Some of the main standard frame rates for recording and playing video are 24p, 25p, 30p, 60p.. Information about additional software and hardware features of the privamery camera, which improve its overall performance.. The loudspeaker is a device, which reproduces various sounds such as ring tones, alarms, music, voice calls, etc. Information about the type of speakers the device uses.. Information whether the device has an FM radio receiver or not.. The tracking/positioning service is provided by various satellite navigation systems, which track the autonomous geo-spatial positioning of the device that supports them. The most common satellite navigation systems are the GPS and the GLONASS. There are also non-satellite technologies for locating mobile devices such as the Enhanced Observed Time Difference, Enhanced 911, GSM Cell ID.. Wi-Fi communication between devices is realized via the IEEE 802.11 standards. Some devices have the possibility to serve as Wi-Fi Hotspots by providing internet access for other nearby devices. Wi-Fi Direct (Wi-Fi P2P) is another useful standard that allows devices to communicate with each other without the need for wireless access point (WAP).. The technology has several versions, which improve the connection speed, range, connectivity and discoverability of the devices. Information about the Bluetooth version of the device.. Bluetooth uses various profiles and protocols related to faster exchange of data, energy saving, better device discoverability, etc. Some of those supported by the device are listed here.. There are several USB connector types: the Standard one, the Mini and Micro connectors, On-The-Go connectors, etc. Type of the USB connector used by the device.. There are several versions of the Universal Serial Bus (USB) standard: USB 1.0 (1996), the USB 2.0 (2000), the USB 3.0 (2008), etc. With each following version the rate of data transfer is increased.. Тhe USB interface in mobile devices may be used for different purposes such as battery charging, using the device as a mass storage, host, etc.. Information whether the device is equipped with a 3.5 mm audio jack.. Information about some of the most widely used connectivity technologies supported by the device.. Information about some of the features and standards supported by the browser of the device.. List of some of the most common audio file formats and codecs supported standardly by the device.. List of some of the most common video file formats and codecs supported standardly by the device.. The capacity of a battery shows the maximum charge, which it can store, measured in mili-Ampere hours.. The battery type is determined by its structure and more specifically, by the chemicals used in it. There are different battery types and some of the most commonly used in mobile devices are the lithium-ion (Li-Ion) and the lithium-ion polymer battery (Li-Polymer).. 2G talk time is the time period a battery charge will last, if one is constantly talking on the phone in a 2G cellular network.. 2G stand-by time is the longest time a battery charge will last, if the device is not used but is constantly connected to the 2G cellular network.. 3G talk time is the time period a battery charge will last, if one is constantly talking on the phone in a 3G cellular network.. 3G stand-by time is the longest time a battery charge will last, if the device is not used but is constantly connected to the 3G mobile network.. Information about some additional features of the device's battery.. Provide information about, which of the published data you want to be edited as well as a reliable source, which confirms the accuracy of the information you suggest *. Enter the characters from the image: *. Dimensions : 73.6 x 134.5 x 18.8 mm Weight : 367 g SoC : MediaTek MT6572 CPU : ARM Cortex-A7, 1300 MHz, Cores : 2 GPU : ARM Mali-400 MP1, 500 MHz RAM : 512 MB, 266 MHz Storage : 4 GB Display : 4 in, IPS, 480 x 800 pixels, 24 bit Battery : 2400 mAh, Li-Ion OS : Android 4.4 KitKat Camera : 3264 x 2448 pixels, 1280 x 720 pixels, 30 fps. The information on this website is provided on "as is, as available basis" without warranty of any kind. DeviceSpecifications is not responsible for any omissions, inaccuracies or other errors in the information it publishes. All warranties with respect to this information are disclaimed. Reproduction of any part of this website in its entirety or partially or in any form or medium without prior written permission is prohibited. The trademarks, marques and logos of the manufacturers of devices, software, hardware, etc. are the property of their respective owners.. 
GSM 900 / 1900 / 850 - SIM 1 & SIM 2. HSDPA 850 / 1900 - EM4EI043. HSDPA 900 / 2100 - EM4EI047. Geo-tagging, touch focus, face/smile detection, HDR. SMS(threaded view), MMS, Email, Push Email, IM. - DivX/XviD/MP4/H.264/WMV player - MP3/WAV/eAAC+ player - Photo/video editor - Document editor. IPS LCD capacitive touchscreen, 16M colors. 4.0 inches, 45.5 cm2 (~46.0% screen-to-body ratio). microSD, up to 64 GB (dedicated slot). Do you want to know about latest smartphones and their prices in Pakistan? Visit our very fresh collection for all the latest prices and smartphones at. We give you a holistic platform to know latest Prices and up-to-date specifications of latest handsets. This integrated channel of ours has informative bench to sit on for the roller coaster ride to latest Energizer Mobile Phone Prices, news and reviews that will serve the ultimate purpose to top up your thirst for new technological horizons. Keep visiting and keep refilling your glass for all the latest Smartphone and Prices on. Energizer gives its best shot with Energizer Energy 400 .. While gaining immense appreciation in Pakistan, the handset stands up at a. reasonable Price of 15300 Daily Updated 26-02-2018 Mobile Price. For every latest development on Energizer Energy 400. Mobile Price in Pakistan, keep visiting Mobile Phone Collection. Get New Energizer Energy 400 Mobile Price and Full Specification here.. Energizer Energy 400 include SIM:Dual SIM, IPS LCD capacitive touchscreen, 16M colors and 4.0 inches, 45.5 cm2 (~46.0% screen-to-body ratio) and .. Energizer Energy 400 OS: Android 4.4 (KitKat) and Mediatek MT6572 and Dual-core 1.3 GHz Cortex-A7. Energizer Energy 400 Internal Memory: 4 GB, 512 MB RAM and Card Slot: microSD, up to 64 GB (dedicated slot). Energizer Energy 400 Rear Camera 8 MP, autofocus, LED flash and Front Camera: 1.3 MP.. In order to learn detailed specifications, kindly visit our Specification. and Features Page for Energizer Energy 400 and get to know the latest. about the handset and its Price. Mobile Phone Collection have all to. 
Other mobile devices How to root Energizer Energy 400. How to root Other mobile devices. How to root Energizer Energy 400. What is required to obtain Root rights. How to root Energizer Energy 400. Do you have questions about Android theme?. Download the firmware to the Energizer Energy 400. Full article What is root. List of programs for Root rights. What is required to obtain Root rights. Depending on which way you choose a program on your PC or on your Android app. How to root Energizer Energy 400. Download the program Rootkhp Pro on the official site Rootkhp.pro or do we in the list of programs to gain root. Connect your phone to a PC. Click on the Root button and wait for a message on the beginning of the process. Wait for device definition program Kingo. Click Root button (at the bottom in the middle). Do you have questions about Android theme?. Download the firmware to the Energizer Energy 400. In this article I want to tell how to get to the root Energizer Energy 400. For this, I wrote instructions step by step, so that all could understand how it is done.. To begin with we shall understand more terms.. This superuser in the Android operating system. They make you the master system, you can edit and delete system files and applications, move applications to the memory card, install any firmware – MIUI, Cyanogenmod, and other modified firmware. In general, there are so many possibilities, it’s hard to describe everything here. How to root will be free with the program Rootkhp Pro 1.8 .. Attention! Success can depend on which firmware is installed on the mobile device.. download software Kingo Root on computer. Connect the device to your computer via the microUSB cable. Wait for the closure process, and the device is rebooted. If you do not understand how to work with the program, watch this video.. Your suggestions, questions and comments, you can leave comments using the form below.. Attention! Sometimes the site is updated references, if you notice a broken link, please report it via the comment form.. Be the first to leave your review.. TAGS energizer Kingo Root Rootkhp Pro. Previous article Obtenemos THL raíz 2015. Next article How to root LG G3 A. How to root Protruly Darling VR D7. How to root Protruly Darling VR D8. LEAVE A REPLY Cancel reply. You have entered an incorrect email address!. Please enter your email address here. How to root iBall Andi 5.5H Weber 4G. © Powered by Barikonolianos theme. 
Pakistan Android | Mobile Apps Games Tech News SEO Earn. Net Neutrality principles not relevant for Internet Access. Lenovo 1 Million 4G Smart phones Sale in India. LG G2 D802 Lollipop 5.0.2 Upgrade in Finland – Suomi. YU Yunique 2 Price in Pakistan. Panasonic P55 Max Price in Pakistan August 5, 2017 vivo X9s Price in Pakistan August 5, 2017 vivo X9s Plus Price in Pakistan August 5, 2017 vivo Y53 Price in Pakistan August 5, 2017 ZTE nubia M2 lite Price in Pakistan August 5, 2017 ZTE nubia N2 Price in Pakistan August 5, 2017. LG G Pad IV 8.0 FHD Price in Pakistan. Samsung Galaxy Tab S3 9.7 Price in Pakistan May 30, 2017 Lenovo Yoga Tab 3 Pro Price in Pakistan May 30, 2017 Lenovo Tab3 8 Plus Price in Pakistan May 30, 2017 Lenovo Tab 4 8 Price in Pakistan May 30, 2017 Lenovo Tab 4 8 Plus Price in Pakistan May 30, 2017 Lenovo Tab 4 10 Price in Pakistan May 30, 2017. LG Watch Style Price in Pakistan. LG Watch Sport Price in Pakistan May 30, 2017 Samsung Gear S3 classic LTE Price in Pakistan May 30, 2017 Samsung Gear S3 classic Price in Pakistan January 6, 2017 Samsung Gear S3 frontier Price in Pakistan January 6, 2017 Samsung Gear S3 frontier LTE Price in Pakistan January 6, 2017 LG Watch Urbane 2 LTE Price in Pakistan June 25, 2016. Unlock Android Phone Using Proximity Sensor. How to Open Youtube in Pakistan on Android Mobile. Latest cricket Score News Videos Highlights Streams. Energizer Energy 400 Price in Pakistan. Home » Mobile » Energizer » Energizer Energy 400 Price in Pakistan. Energizer Energy 400 was released dated – 2015, January. Lets take a look at Energizer Energy 400 Price in Pakistan with detailed review and specification. Energizer Energy 400 Core Features Review. Energizer Energy 400 has been officially released on 2015, January. Energizer Energy 400 Supported legacy GSM networks bands are : GSM 900 / 1900 / 850 – SIM 1 & SIM 2. Energizer Energy 400 Supported 3G networks bands are : HSDPA 850 / 1900 – EM4EI043. Energizer Energy 400 supports basic GSM / HSPA technology. Data Speed is HSPA 21.1/5.76 Mbps. Energizer Energy 400 supports EDGE data modes -> Yes. Energizer Energy 400 supports GPRS data modes like Yes. In terms of Dimension it has 134.5 x 73.6 x 18.8 mm (5.30 x 2.90 x 0.74 in) size. Total weight is 367 g (12.95 oz). Energizer Energy 400 comes with 4.0 inches (~46.0% screen-to-body ratio) IPS LCD capacitive touchscreen, 16M colors providing a total of 480 x 800 pixels (~233 ppi pixel density). Energizer Energy 400 MultiTouch support : Yes. Energizer Energy 400 runs Android OS, v4.4 (KitKat) on the top of Mediatek MT6572 chipset and powerful Dual-core 1.3 GHz Cortex-A7 CPU. For fluid visual experience it has a powerful Mali-400 GPU. This device comes up with Internal Memory and RAM of 4 GB, 512 MB RAM respectively. For expanding memory : microSD, up to 64 GB (dedicated slot). Primary Camera or Rare/Back Camera is at 8 MP, autofocus, LED flash with Geo-tagging, touch focus, face/smile detection, HDR and video recording capability of 720p@30fps. Secondary or Front Camera is at 1.3 MP. For headphones 3.55 mm Jack : Yes. Energizer Energy 400 WLAN is based on Wi-Fi 802.11 a/b/g/n, hotspot. Bluetooth Module version and supported profiles are v4.0, A2DP, LE respectively. GPS Module features are : Yes, with A-GPS. Radio Status : Stereo FM radio. Has infra red port for controlling IR devices such as TV, fridge etc. Sensors such as Accelerometer, proximity are integrated in the device. Energizer Energy 400 has Removable Li-Ion 2400 mAh battery. Total Talk Time is Up to 15 h. Total Stand-by Time is Up to 400 h. HSDPA 850 / 1900 – EM4EI043. 134.5 x 73.6 x 18.8 mm (5.30 x 2.90 x 0.74 in). – IP68 certified – dust and water proof (up to 1.8m for 30 mins). IPS LCD capacitive touchscreen, 16M colors. 480 x 800 pixels (~233 ppi pixel density). microSD, up to 64 GB (dedicated slot). Geo-tagging, touch focus, face/smile detection, HDR. – Hi-Fi audio, DTS Surround Sound. SMS(threaded view), MMS, Email, Push Email, IM. [su_box title=”Irmation” style=”glass” box_color=”#60b2d9″]Cannot see below video? Look like you need to Unblock YouTube on PC or Unblock YouTube on Android Device .[/su_box]. Energizer Energy 400 Price in Pakistan and selected countries. Energizer Energy 500 Price in Pakistan. Energizer Energy 240 Price in Pakistan. Energizer Energy 200 Price in Pakistan. LG G Pad IV 8.0 FHD Price in Pakistan. YU Yunique 2 Price in Pakistan. Panasonic P55 Max Price in Pakistan. vivo X9s Plus Price in Pakistan. October 19, 2014 5. LG G Watch R Urbane LTE Price in Pakistan with Review. April 3, 2015 4. February 8, 2015 4. How to Unblock or Open YouTube in Pakistan. October 18, 2014 3. Huawei Honor 6 Plus price in Pakistan with Review. December 27, 2014 3. Mitac MIO 8390 Price in Pakistan. NIU Andy 4E2I Price in Pakistan. verykool s5007 Lotus Plus Price in Pakistan. 
The next video is starting stop. Energizer Smartphone 400 | MWC | Hands On. Want to watch this again later?. Sign in to add this video to a playlist.. Sign in to report inappropriate content.. Sign in to make your opinion count.. Sign in to make your opinion count.. The interactive transcript could not be loaded.. Rating is available when the video has been rented.. This feature is not available right now. Energizer Energy 400 ansehen / kaufen: http://amzn.to/1S0tydO Zum Artikel: http://de.ubergizmo.com/?p=237409 Energizer, eher bekannt durch ihre Batterien, zeigte uns auf dem MWC 2015 Smartphone, die möglicherweise für dein ein oder anderen interessant sein könnten. Das Modell 400 hier im Video ist genauso wie das Modell 500 extrem widerstandsfähig gegenüber Umwelteinflüssen und kommt außerdem mit einer ordentlichen Akkuladung. ------ • Übergizmo - http://de.ubergizmo.com • YouTube (Abo) - https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC3iU... • Google+ - https://plus.google.com/+GizmodoDe • Facebook - https://www.facebook.com/ubergizmo.de • Twitter - https://twitter.com/UbergizmoDE • Instagram - https://instagram.com/ubergizmo.de/ ------ Wir lieben Technik! Du auch? Dann bist du hier genau richtig! Wir testen regelmäßig die neuesten Smartphones und Tablets aber auch gerne mal etwas abseitigere Gadgets. Wir besuchen weltweit die wichtigsten Messen und berichten von dort über feinste Technik und geniale Projekte. Über Feedback freuen wir uns immer. Wenn du mehr von uns sehen willst, dann abonniere unseren Kanal!. When autoplay is enabled, a suggested video will automatically play next.. Cat S60 - World's First Thermal Camera Smartphone Unboxing and Review in Sinhala Sri Lanka. ENERGIZER ENERGY 400 LTE - Shoch Water Proof Test. Energizer Energy 400 - Unboxing ##Rugged Smartphone##. Power Max P600S: Energizer presents a cell phone with battery and "infinite" screen. ENERGIZER ENERGY 500 - test par TFP. Yezz Mobile e Energizer per i Rugged Phone ad IFA 2015. Smartphone ENERGY E520 LTE de Energizer. Energizer's Rugged Smartphone Packs a Beefy 4000mAh Battery. Caterpillar Cat S30 - Test - Review - Recenzja - Prezentacja. Energizer E520 hands-on @ Showstoppers #MWC17. 10 of the best rugged, most durable smartphones. Présentation du smartphone durci l'Energizer Energy 500GR. Smartphones Energizer par Yezz (CES 2015) - par Test-Mobile.fr. Energizer Energi To Go Portable Battery Range. AURII Envy by Firefly Mobile - Official Unboxing. Phone with 15 Year Battery Life?! Spare One Emergency Cell Phone - CES 2013. ENERGIZER ENERGY 500 - déballage par TFP. Sign in to add this to Watch Later. 
Visit manufacturer site for details.. CNET earns fees when you click these offers.. Be respectful, keep it clean and stay on topic. We delete comments that violate our policy , which we encourage you to read. Discussion threads can be closed at any time at our discretion.. CNET may earn fees when you click through to a partner site.. 
Garantie 2 ans par le SAV Darty. Click & Collect ® 1h. Nouveau Samsung Galaxy S9 | S9+. Entretien et soin de la maison. 5€ de remise Click & Collect. Afin de vous proposer des services et offres adaptés à vos centres d'intérêt, Darty utilise des cookies. En continuant de naviguer sur le site, vous déclarez accepter leur utilisation.. Téléphone étanche - Résistant IP67 - 3G+. Ecran 4" (10.16 cm) - 480x800 pixels 16M couleurs. ENERGIZER Energy 400 , un concentré de performance.. le Energy 400 est équipé d'un processeur. Dual Core Cortex A7 cadencé à 1,3 Ghz et d'. une mémoire vive de 512 Mo qui vous permettent une utilisation multi-tâche sans aucune interruption et une. lancez plusieurs applications en même temps et naviguez à haute vitesse.. Android 4.4 Kit Kat, pour surfer rapidement sur le net en écoutant simultanément votre playlist favorite, et profiter d'une multitude. L' interface ludique vous permettra d'accéder aux widgets embarqués tels que Twitter, Facebook, News, météo... et même d'en télécharger sur Google Play !. Appréciez toutes les applications Google, Gmail, Google Maps, You Tube embarqués sur votre téléphone.. a norme IP67, il est protégé contre toute intrusion de poussière et capable de résister à la pression d'un jet d'eau ou d'une. immersion totale à 1 mètre pendant 30 minutes.. Il est pratique et facile à nettoyer, son design étudié ravira les professionnels soucieux de rester branchés en toutes circonstances !. 4" (10,16 cm) vous offre un grand confort d'utilisation avec des couleurs claires et lumineuses.. Profitez d’un affichage parfait des pages Web, des longs e-mails et des photos et vidéos aux détails précis. L’écran offre une netteté d’image exceptionnelle et de superbes couleurs pour une expérience visuelle époustouflante.. Ce smartphone intègre un appareil photo arrière d'une résolution de. 8 mégapixels pour des photos de qualité. flash LED est idéal pour réussir vos clichés même dans la pénombre.. 1.3 mégapixels , vos selfies sont à couper le souffle et vous pouvez passer vos appels en visiophonie.. Filmez des séquences vidéos pour garder en mémoire tous les instants importants de votre vie.. Wi-Fi pour vous connecter sans fil à Internet depuis votre installation domestique, à partir d'un HotSpot ou alors sur le réseau sans fil d'un ami.. Bluetooth 4.0 pour utiliser un kit piéton sans fi, pour partager vos documents ou pour diffuser votre musique sans fil sur une enceinte Bluetooth.. Antenne A-GPS intégrée avec géolocalisation, géotagging. Idéal pour les piétons comme pour les conducteurs !. son emplacement double sim , il vous est facile de. gérer vos 2 forfaits sur un seul et même appareil. Idéal pour utiliser Lenny 2 comme téléphone personnel et professionnel.. radio FM , vous écoutez votre station de radio favorite à n'importe quel moment.. lecteur MP3 vous permet d'écouter vos morceaux musicaux préférés dans les transports ou tout simplement chez vous pour vous relaxer.. Véritable bibliothèque multimédia, il est doté d'une. prise audio jack 3.5 mm pour écouter vos vidéos et morceaux de musique avec vos propres écouteurs.. Le Energy possède une mémoire interne de. 4 Go et vous pouvez étendre sa mémoire. jusqu'à 64 Go via l'emplacement microSD dédié (carte non fournie).. ce Mobile est aussi un smartphone qui vous offre une autonomie impressionnante. En effet, il possède une batterie. 2400 mAh permettant de profiter d'une longue autonomie de fonctionnement.. Il est toujours prêt quand vous en avez besoin ! vous avez une autonomie allant. jusqu'à 15 heures en communication et presque 17 jours en veille.. Ecran 4" TFT 480 x 800 pixels. 4 de mémoire ROM et 512 Mo de mémoire RAM. Oui Sous réserve de couverture, compatibilité et configuration opérateur. Oui Sous réserve de couverture, compatibilité et configuration opérateur. Oui, Support A-GPS Sous réserve de couverture, compatibilité et configuration opérateur. Oui, accès à Facebook, Messenger, YouTube... Sous réserve de couverture, compatibilité et configuration opérateur. 15 heures en communication 17 jours en veille. 13.5 x 7.4 x 1.9 cm. (100 %) recommanderait ce produit à un ami. Téléphone un peu encombrant mais très facile d'utilisation et très solide compte tenu…. de 34800, une femme, 50-64 ans. Niveau de maîtrise du produit : confirmé. Téléphone un peu encombrant mais très facile d'utilisation et très solide compte tenu de ses protections.... A recommander pour un usage professionnel en milieu à risques ou pour les randonneurs. Temium CHARGEUR SECTEUR USB 2.1A NOIR. Tetrad Support voiture Universel Aimanté TETRAX Fix. Urban Factory Batterie de secours blanche 5600 mAH. Urban Factory Batterie de secours noire 5600 mAH. Sandisk DUALDRIVE 3.0 16 GO OTG. Wd My Cloud 3To Ethernet / USB 3.0. Pour quel téléphone mobile craquer ?. Envie d'un smartphone ? Vous avez besoin d'un mobile ? Suivez nos conseils pour trouver le téléphone portable qu'il vous faut !. Choisir le bon accessoire pour son téléphone mobile. Tous nos conseils pour trouver les accessoires qu'il faut à votre téléphone !. La disponibilité des modèles sur Darty.com est actualisée en permanence. Les informations « Livraison à domicile », « Retrait en magasin » ou « Exposé dans certains magasins » sont valables au moment de votre connexion sur notre serveur et peuvent varier suivant votre lieu de livraison ou de retrait. Le prix affiché sur le site est celui pratiqué par Darty pour la vente en ligne. Dans le cas d'une offre de réduction de prix, le prix de référence correspond au prix le plus bas pratiqué sur darty.com au cours des 30 jours précédant le début de l'opération. La réduction affichée en pourcentage est calculée sur le prix de référence minoré des montants d’éco-participation et de redevance pour copie privée. Dans le cas où un produit n'est pas disponible à la vente en ligne, le prix pratiqué est celui des magasins Darty de la région Ile de France. Nos offres de produits et nos prix sont valables tant qu'ils sont visibles sur le site.. Nos dossiers Tout savoir sur :. La mode bracelet connecté : tests et témoignages. (montant affiché sur chaque fiche produit).. (montant affiché sur chaque fiche produit).. Ajouter à une liste existante :. Chargement de vos listes en cours…. Ajouter à une nouvelle liste :. *Publique : la liste peut être partagée par un lien via les réseaux sociaux à vos proches.. Vous pouvez ajouter une note :. Garantie 2 ans par le SAV Darty. Click & Collect ® 1h. Assistance téléphonique 7j/7 et 24h/24 au 0892 01 10 10 (40 cts/min). Plus de 200 magasins en France !. Découvrez tout l'univers de l'Electroménager, Hifi, High-Tech, Informatique, Cuisine dans le magasin Darty le plus proche de chez vous. Paris , Marseille , Lyon , Nice , Toulouse , Tous les magasins .. Informations sur les traitements de données à caractère personnel. Les offres et promos avant tout le monde. Des conseils et idées pour toutes vos envies.. Vous allez prochainement recevoir la newsletter Darty & Vous ainsi que les bons plans Darty.com .. Pour mieux vous connaître et vous servir, merci de nous indiquer :. Votre civilité * :. Votre nom * :. Votre prénom * :. Votre date de naissance * :. Veuillez indiquer votre date de naissance. Téléphone mobile * :. Veuillez indiquer un numéro de téléphone mobile. Veuillez indiquer un numéro de téléphone mobile valide. J'accepte de recevoir par SMS les informations et les offres commerciales de Darty * :. J'accepte de recevoir par email les informations et offres commerciales des autres entités du Groupe FNAC - Darty * :. La Société Etablissements DARTY et FILS met en œuvre des traitements de données à caractère personnel, dont elle est responsable, ayant pour principales finalités, la gestion de la relation client et les prospects, la gestion et le suivi des commandes et livraisons, la mesure de la qualité et de votre satisfaction, le marketing relationnel. En leur absence, votre commande pourrait ne pas être prise en compte ou son traitement retardé.. Nous vous invitons à réessayer votre inscription à la newsletter ultérieurement.. Vos informations ont bien été enregistrées.. Vous avez sélectionné une offre de notre partenaire Mistergooddeal.. Vous allez être redirigé vers leur site pour finaliser votre achat.. Vous pourrez ensuite revenir sur Darty.com pour poursuivre votre commande.. Merci de votre visite et à bientôt sur Darty.com.. Abonnez-vous à nos tableaux cuisine, déco & DIY. Suivez nos tutos et nos vidéos. Profitez des offres et services Darty où que vous soyez ! Utilisez le scan pour trouver immédiatement vos produits.. La Société Etablissements DARTY et FILS met en œuvre des traitements de données à caractère personnel, dont elle est responsable, ayant pour principales finalités, la gestion de la relation client et les prospects, la gestion et le suivi des commandes et livraisons, la mesure de la qualité et de votre satisfaction, le marketing relationnel. En leur absence, votre commande pourrait ne pas être prise en compte ou son traitement retardé.. 0 Comparer les produits. 0 Produits déjà consultés. Sélectionnez un produit pour l'ajouter au comparateur. Notre équipe vous aide et vous conseille par téléphone du lundi au dimanche de 7h à 22h au 0892 01 10 10 (40 cts/min).. Nos services sont désormais accessibles aux personnes sourdes ou malentendantes .. Besoin d'aide ? Consultez notre FAQ .. Voulez-vous remplacer votre premier produit par celui sélectionné ?. Ce modèle n'est disponible que dans certaines régions. Avant de l'ajouter au panier, nous vous invitons à vérifier s'il peut vous être livré.. Indiquez votre code postal de livraison *. Ce modèle est disponible dans cette région.. 
Mobile Phones, Gadgets & Tech News. Energizer Energy 400, 500, 200, 240 – Energizer Rugged Phone. 1.3 Ghz Mediatek dual core processor. 2 mega pixel front facing camera. 1.3 Ghz Mediatek Quad core processor. 5 mega pixel front facing camera. There was noticeable thing at Energizer CES 2015 booth that we missed. Energizer Holdings, an America based company which is known for batteries and personal care products has announced four new water resistant smartphones. Energizer Energy 200, 240, 400 and 500 are the Energizer Rugged phones soon to be available in United States.. All Energizer Energy phone will be featuring the industrial, rugged design which will be definitely on heavy on weight. The Energy 200 and 240 will be featured phone while Energizer 400 and 500 will be smartphone powered with Android 4.4 Kitkat phone.. Both Energizer 500 and Energizer Energy 400 will be dustproof, water-resistant device with IP68 standards.. Unfortunately there is no price tag been revealed for any of the four Energizer Rugged phones.. The Upcoming iPhone to Feature Fast Charging & Tap to Wake. Manually Update Verizon Bound Samsung Galaxy Note 2 I605 to Jellybean 4.1.2 Official ROM. Schedule SMS, Tweets, Facebook & Mails Using Schemes-Scheduled Networking Android App. Copyright TechnosAmigos 2018 | Get in Touch with us | Sitemap | Privacy Policy. 
Drill into information and properties on all devices or contribute information with the Device Browser .. Use the Data Explorer to explore and analyze DeviceAtlas data.. Check our available device properties from our Property List .. Test a User-Agent with the User-Agent Tester .. Device Name HTML5 Hardware Streaming Environment Video Player Web Browser Audio Player JavaScript DRM Network Protocols JavaVM Beta Properties where you helped where you can help conflicted values dynamic properties client-side properties. See all Energizer devices >> Energizer Energy 400S. Log in or sign up for a free DeviceAtlas account to see all available device capabilities.. The company/organisation that provides a device, browser or other component to the market. It can be a manufacturer, mobile operator or other organisation exclusively offering a product.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. The model name of a device, browser or some other component (e.g. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. The marketing name for a device.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. Primary organisation creating (not necessarily assembling) the device.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. This is the year that the device was released (or announced). Please login to add your opinion for this property.. True if the device is meant for use on the move.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. User may touch the screen to interact with the device.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. The total number of addressable pixels in the horizontal direction of a rectangular display when held in its default orientation. The Property does not apply to displays that are not rectangular or square.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. The total number of addressable pixels in the vertical direction of a rectangular display when held in its default orientation. The Property does not apply to displays that are not rectangular or square.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. The diagonal dimension of the screen in inches.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. The pixel density of the Device's screen. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. Ratio between physical pixels and device-independent pixels (dips) on the browser.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. The color depth of a display.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. The device has NFC (Near Field Communication) hardware.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. Megapixels of the camera if the device has one.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. The device is a mobile phone.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. The device is a tablet device.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. The device is a reading device.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. The device is a games console.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. The device is a set-top box.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. The device is a media player.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. The version number of a component (e.g. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. The supplier of the operating system.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. The name of the Operating System installed on the device. This can be used as a substitute for the boolean OS properties.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. The general group name of the operating system (eg. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. The Operating System initial version installed on the device.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. The device is distributed with Android OS pre-installed.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. The device is distributed with Bada OS pre-installed.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. The device is distributed with iOS pre-installed.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. The device is distributed with RIM OS pre-installed.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. The device is distributed with Symbian OS pre-installed.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. The device is distributed with Windows Mobile pre-installed.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. The device is distributed with Windows Phone pre-installed.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. The device is distributed with Windows RT OS pre-installed.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. The device is distributed with WebOS pre-installed.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. The device is distributed with a proprietary OS pre-installed.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. Commercial name of the developer platform if any (Nokia Series 40, Sony Ericsson Java Platform, etc).. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. If the device was built around a Developer Platform, which version.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. The supplier of the web browser.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. The name or type of the browser on the device.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. The browser version on the device.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. The name or type of the browser rendering engine used by the browser.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. The ability of the web browser to render a page using XHTML Basic 1.0.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. The ability of the web browser to render a page using XHTML-MP 1.0.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. The ability of the web browser to render a page using XHTML-MP 1.1.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. The ability of the web browser to render a page using XHTML-MP 1.2.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. The ability of the web browser to render a page using WML.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. The ability of the web browser to download and open the device's address book when a vCard URI is used.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. The ability to display a GIF87 image embedded in a mobile web page, using a tag such as img or object.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. The ability to display a GIF89a image embedded in a mobile web page, using a tag such as img or object.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. The ability to display a JPG image embedded in a mobile web page, using a tag such as img or object.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. The ability to display a PNG image embedded in a mobile web page, using a tag such as img or object.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. The horizontal size of the default browser's viewport, expressed in device independent pixels (DIPs), when held in its default orientation and the browser zoom is set to 100%. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. The vertical size of the default browser's viewport, expressed in device independent pixels (DIPs), when held in its default orientation and the browser zoom is set to 100%. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. The ability of the web browser to start a telephone call when a URI is defined with the protocol 'tel' followed by a telephone number (e.g. Verify that the browser behaves as expected.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. The ability of the web browser to start a new SMS message when a URI is defined with the protocol sms followed by a telephone number (e.g. Verify that the browser behaves as expected.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. The ability of the web browser to start a new SMS message when a URI is defined with the protocol smsto followed by a telephone number (e.g. Verify that the browser behaves as expected.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. The ability of a client to store cookies and send them when appropriate.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. The web browser supports the SSL protocol. Support of different certificate authorities is independent from the ability of supporting SSL. Verify that a page protected with SSL is displayed properly.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. Describes the maximum size in bytes for markup in a web page. Some browsers might have a variable memory limit based on the memory used by other applications, in that case 0 will be used.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. Describes the maximum size in bytes for media files embedded in a web page. Some browsers might have a variable memory limit based on the memory used by other applications, in that case 0 will be used.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. Describes the maximum size in bytes for downloaded from a web page and stored locally (e.g. Some browsers might have a variable memory limit based on the memory used by other applications, in that case 0 will be used.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. The device is capable of receiving WAP Push notifications, opening a browser upon user instigation, and following the embedded link.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. JS Support Basic Java Script -. The browser has some level of JavaScript support, typically Alert, Confirm, setInterval, setTimeout.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. The browser's JavaScript engine supports modifying DOM elements.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. The browser's JavaScript engine supports modifying CSS elements.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. The browser's JavaScript engine supports Events.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. The browser's JavaScript engine supports Event Listeners.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. The browser's JavaScript engine supports XMLHttpRequest.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. The browser's JavaScript engine supports console.log().. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. The browser's JavaScript engine supports JSON objects.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. Indicates whether the device supports the DeviceAtlas ClientSide component.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. The device is capable of connecting to CSD (Circuit Switched Data) networks.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. The device is capable of connecting to HS CSD (High Speed Circuit Switched Data) networks.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. The device is capable of connecting to GPRS (General Packet Radio Service) networks.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. The device is capable of connecting to EDGE (Enhanced Data rates for GSM Evolution) networks.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. The device is capable of connecting to HSDPA (High-Speed Downlink Packet Access) networks.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. The device is capable of connecting to UMTS (Universal Mobile Telecommunications System) networks.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. The device is capable of connecting to HSPA+ (Evolved High-Speed Packet Access) networks.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. The device is capable of connecting to LTE (Long Term Evolution) networks.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. The device is capable of connecting to LTE Advanced (Long Term Evolution Advanced) networks.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. The UE Category of the device, defining the combined uplink and downlink capability as specified in 3GPP TS36.306.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. The device is capable of making VoLTE calls. When True, this implies LTE, HD Voice, and AMR-WB are True.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. The device is capable of connecting to WiFi networks.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. The device is capable of seamless call handover between Wi-Fi and VoLTE connections.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. The device natively supports Rich Communication Services as specified in GSMA RCS6.0 UNI.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. The browser supports the audio HTML tag.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. The browser supports the canvas element.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. The browser supports the video HTML tag.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. The browser's JavaScript engine supports Application Cache.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. The browser's JavaScript engine supports Geo Location.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. The browser's JavaScript engine supports indexedDB.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. The browser's JavaScript engine supports Local Storage.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. The browser's JavaScript engine supports Session Storage.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. The browser's JavaScript engine supports Web GL.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. The browser's JavaScript engine supports the Web Sockets API.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. The browser's JavaScript engine supports the Web SQL Database API.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. The browser's JavaScript engine supports the Web Workers API.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. The browser's JavaScript engine supports Device Orientation.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. The browser's JavaScript engine supports Device Motion event.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. The browser's JavaScript engine supports Touch events.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. The browser's JavaScript engine supports the Query Selector.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. Stream 3GP H.264 Level 1.0 -. Support for the streaming of media encoded in the 3GP envelope, with the H264 (MPEG-2 PART 10) codec and in Level 1.0. Verify that the browser behaves as expected.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. Stream 3GP H.264 Level 1.0b -. Support for the streaming of media encoded in the 3GP envelope, with the H264 (MPEG-2 PART 10) codec and in Level 1.0b. Verify that the browser behaves as expected.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. Stream 3GP H.264 Level 1.1 -. Support for the streaming of media encoded in the 3GP envelope, with the H264 (MPEG-2 PART 10) codec and in Level 1.1. Verify that the browser behaves as expected.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. Stream 3GP H.264 Level 1.2 -. Support for the streaming of media encoded in the 3GP envelope, with the H264 (MPEG-2 PART 10) codec and in Level 1.2. Verify that the browser behaves as expected.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. Stream 3GP H.264 Level 1.3 -. Support for the streaming of media encoded in the 3GP envelope, with the H264 (MPEG-2 PART 10) codec and in Level 1.3. Verify that the browser behaves as expected.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. Support for the streaming of media encoded in the 3GP envelope, with the AAC (M4V/MP4) Low Complexity codec. Verify that the browser behaves as expected.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. Support for the streaming of media encoded in the 3GP envelope, with the H263 codec. Verify that the browser behaves as expected.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. Support for the streaming of media encoded in the 3GP envelope, with the AMR audio codec, in Narrow Band. Verify that the browser behaves as expected.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. Support for the streaming of media encoded in the 3GP envelope, with the AMR audio codec, in Wide Band. Verify that the browser behaves as expected.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. Stream MP4 H.264 Level 1.1 -. Support for the streaming of media encoded in the MP4 envelope, with the H264 codec and in Level 1.1. Verify that the browser behaves as expected.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. Stream MP4 H.264 Level 1.3 -. Support for the streaming of media encoded in the MP4 envelope, with the H264 codec and in Level 1.3. Verify that the browser behaves as expected.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. Support for the streaming of media encoded in the MP4 envelope, with the AAC (M4V/MP4) Low Complexity codec. Verify that the browser behaves as expected.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. Support for the HTTP live Streaming protocol.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. The ability to play WMV envelope for video files. The device is able to parse the WMV envelope for video files.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. The ability to play a video that includes audio encoded with QCELP (Qualcomm Code Excited Linear Prediction) codec. The device is able to play videos with audio encoded using QCELP.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. Support for the playback of media encoded in the 3GP envelope, with the H264 (MPEG-2 PART 10) codec and in Level 1.0. Verify that the browser behaves as expected.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. Support for the playback of media encoded in the 3GP envelope, with the H264 (MPEG-2 PART 10) codec and in Level 1.0b. Verify that the browser behaves as expected.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. Support for the playback of media encoded in the 3GP envelope, with the H264 (MPEG-2 PART 10) codec and in Level 1.1. Verify that the browser behaves as expected.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. Support for the playback of media encoded in the 3GP envelope, with the H264 (MPEG-2 PART 10) codec and in Level 1.2. Verify that the browser behaves as expected.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. Support for the playback of media encoded in the 3GP envelope, with the H264 (MPEG-2 PART 10) codec and in Level 1.3. Verify that the browser behaves as expected.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. Support for the playback of media encoded in the 3GP envelope, with the AAC (M4V/MP4) Low Complexity codec. Verify that the browser behaves as expected.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. Support for the playback of media encoded in the 3GP envelope, with the H263 codec. Verify that the browser behaves as expected.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. Support for the playback of media encoded in the 3GP envelope, with the AMR audio codec, in Narrow Band. Verify that the browser behaves as expected.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. Support for the playback of media encoded in the 3GP envelope, with the AMR audio codec, in Wide Band. Verify that the browser behaves as expected.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. Support for the playback of media encoded in the MP4 envelope, with the H264 codec and in Level 1.1. Verify that the browser behaves as expected.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. Support for the playback of media encoded in the MP4 envelope, with the H264 codec and in Level 1.3. Verify that the browser behaves as expected.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. Support for the playback of media encoded in the MP4 envelope, with the AAC (M4V/MP4) Low Complexity codec. Verify that the browser behaves as expected.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. The ability to play MIDI files with not more than 1 note at a time, normally Type 0. The device is able to play the MIDI file as expected.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. The ability to play MIDI files, can be Type 0 or Type 1, may have more than 1 note at a time. The device is able to play the MIDI file as expected.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. The ability to play AMR (Adaptive Multi-Rate) files as defined by 3GPP. The device is able to play the AMR file as expected.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. The ability to play MP3 (MPEG-1 Audio Layer 3) files. The device is able to play the MP3 file as expected.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. The ability to play AAC (Advanced Audio Coding) as defined as part of the MPEG-4 specifications. The device is able to play the AAC file as expected.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. The ability to play QCELP (Qualcomm Code Excited Linear Prediction) audio files. The device is able to play the QCELP file as expected.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. The device is able to open, read and respect the forward lock constraints as defined in the OMA DRM v1.0 specifications.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. The device is able to open, read and respect the combined delivery constraints as defined in the OMA DRM v1.0 specifications.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. The device is able to open, read and respect the separate delivery constraints as defined in the OMA DRM v1.0 specifications.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. The device is able to open, read and respect the download rules as defined in the OMA DRM v1.0 specifications.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. Version number of supported Java MIDP (Mobile Information Device Profile), e.g. The device fully supports JSR 37 or 118 and following as defined by Sun Microsystems.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. Version number of supported Java CLDC (Connected Limited Device Configuration), e.g 1.0. The device fully supports JSR 30 or 139 and following as defined by Sun Microsystems.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. The J2ME virtual machine implements JSR 30. The device fully supports JSR 30 as defined by Sun Microsystems.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. The J2ME virtual machine implements JSR 139. The device fully supports JSR 139 as defined by Sun Microsystems.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. The J2ME virtual machine implements JSR 37. The device fully supports JSR 37 as defined by Sun Microsystems.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. The J2ME virtual machine implements JSR 118. The device fully supports JSR 118 as defined by Sun Microsystems.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. Please login to view the User-Agents for this device (only available for commercial license holders).. There was a problem loading the opinions for this property.. This is a property with the read-only access.. Thank you! Your opinion "%s" has been saved.. Thank you! Your opinion has been updated to "%s".. Your opinion "%s" has been removed.. There was a problem saving your opinion. Please try again or contact DeviceAtlas support.. There was a problem updating your opinion. Please try again or contact DeviceAtlas support.. There was a problem removing your opinion. Please try again or contact DeviceAtlas support.. Only integer values are permitted for this property.. Only alphanumeric characters and , _. - ^ / + [space] are permitted for this property.. Only boolean values are permitted for this property.. Please choose or enter an opinion value.. Create amazing web presences on any screen. Learn everything about mobile web technology. Copyright © Afilias Technologies Limited 2018. This is a website of Afilias Technologies Ltd, a private company limited by shares, incorporated and registered in the Republic of Ireland with registered number 398040 and registered office at 6th Floor, 2 Grand Canal Square, Dublin 2, Ireland. By continuing to use the site, you accept our use of cookies. 
Apple Google HTC Huawei LG Motorola Nokia OnePlus Samsung Sony Xiaomi. Home Smartphones Energizer Energy 400. Energizer Energy 400 Specs and review. Energizer Energy 400 is smartphone from 2015 year. For its performance cares processor Quad-core, Cortex-A7 with operating frequency of 1300Mhz. The device's screen is 4 inches. The camera has a sensor of 8 MP. For the life of the phone cares battery with capacity of 2400 mAh. The smartphone comes with operating system Android OS, v4.4 (KitKat). This is just a short description. For detailed specifications and all features refer to the table below and leave your comments.. Operating system (OS) Android OS, v4.4 (KitKat). Processor 1 (CPU) 1300 MHz, Quad-core, Cortex-A7. External memory microSD, up to 64 GB. Internal memory 4 GB, 512 MB RAM. GSM 900 / 1900 / 850 - SIM 1 & SIM 23G bands. HSDPA 850 / 1900 - EM4EI043. HSDPA 900 / 2100 - EM4EI047. Dimension (HxWxD, mm) 134.5 Ð¥ 73.6 Ð¥ 18.8. - Geo-tagging, touch focus, face/smile detection, HDR. Energizer Energy 400 - comments and opinions. Did you find an error in the catalog? Tell us about it and we will fix it as soon as possible.. If you want to thank you tell us your email:). In our database there are 4337 smartphones from 95 brands And we continue to add new ones. Energizer Energy 400 VS Energizer Energy 500. Energizer Energy 400 VS Samsung Galaxy XCover 3. Energizer Energy 400 VS Cat S40. Energizer Energy 400 VS Sony Xperia Z5. Energizer Energy 400 VS Huawei Honor 7. Energizer Energy 400 VS Apple iPhone 6. Energizer Energy 400 VS Amazon Fire Phone. Energizer Energy 400 VS Huawei P8 Lite. Energizer Energy 400 VS Motorola RAZR MAXX. Energizer Energy 400 VS Cat B15. Energizer Energy 400 VS Cat S30. Energizer Energy 400 VS Cat S50. Energizer Energy 400 VS Samsung Galaxy Star S5280. Energizer Energy 400 VS Samsung Wave Y S5380. Energizer Energy 400 VS LG X screen. PhonesData is the Web site where you can find information about the full technical specifications of all smartphones. We have added specifications such as size of the screen, processor MHz, MP of camera, battery, weight, operating system, and many more!. We are adding daily new devices and checking the old errors. However, it is possible catalog to have inaccuracies. Not responsible for incorrect entered information. The latest smartphones you can buy from Amazon, Ebay, your mobile operator, the formal representation or other souvenirs of your choice at their price price.. Apple Google HTC Huawei LG Motorola Nokia OnePlus Samsung Sony Xiaomi. 2018 Â© PhonesData - All rights reserved.. 
Especificação do Energizer Energy 400 (E400). 134,5 x 73,6 x 18,8 mm. Android OS v4.4 ( KitKat ). 8 MP 3264 x 2448 px autofocus. IP68 à prova de poeira e à prova d'água. Fotos do Energizer Energy 400 (E400). Comparações da Energizer Energy 400 (E400). DroidChart.com / Smartphones / Energizer / Energizer Energy 400 (2015). 4 polegadas 480 x 800 px. The detailed specifications, photos and introductory video of the Energizer Energy 400 (E400). The list of the competitors most often compared to the Energizer Energy 400 smartphone.. O smartphone Energizer Energy 400 (E400) lançado em 2015. É alimentado por chipset Mediatek MT6572, 512 MB de RAM e 4 GB de armazenamento interno.. O Energizer Energy 400 é executado no Android OS v4.4 (KitKat) fora da caixa. Ele vem com uma bateria de Li-Ion 2400 mAh. Ele possui uma tela IPS de 4 polegadas com resolução de 480 x 800 px. A tecnologia IPS é uma das tecnologias LCD mais avançadas do mundo.. O Energizer Energy 400 é executado no Android OS v4.4 (KitKat) fora da caixa, mas o firmware do Energy 400 pode ser atualizado para uma versão mais recente do sistema operacional.. O tamanho da tela é medido em polegadas, diagonalmente de canto para canto. O ecrã táctil capacitivo IPS de 4 polegadas com resolução de 480 x 800 px é capaz de multitouch.. A memória do smartphone (512 MB) não pode ser expandida, mas o armazenamento (4 GB) pode ser expandido com um cartão microSD.. A câmera do Energizer Energy 400 está equipada com autofoco. Autofocus é um recurso de câmera que fine-tunes o foco da câmera, é uma característica agradável deste smartphone.. Este smartphone tem um receptor GPS integrado. GPS é um sistema de navegação baseado em satélite que permite a determinação da localização geográfica exata na Terra. Este smartphone Energizer tem receptor de rádio FM.. A bateria de Li-Ion 2400 mAh dá ao smartphone um bom backup de bateria. Esta é uma bateria de baixa manutenção. Nenhuma descarga periódica é necessária e o carregamento pode ser feito aleatoriamente.. Os sensores do smartphone medem quantidades físicas e as transmitem ao processador da aplicação. O acelerômetro do telefone é um componente eletrônico incorporado que mede a inclinação e o movimento. O sensor de proximidade detecta quando um usuário está segurando o telefone perto do rosto durante uma chamada e desliga o visor para evitar que o teclado pressione e o consumo de bateria do visor.. Compare Energizer Energy 400 com outros smartphones. As especificações acima são baseadas nos dados oficiais publicados pelo fabricante, mas também levamos em consideração comentários de usuários. Se você encontrou um erro ou algo faltando nas especificações acima para o Energizer Energy 400, então não hesite e sinalizar o problema para nós.. De acordo com nossas estatísticas, o smartphone Energizer Energy 400 foi mais frequentemente comparado em nosso site com os seguintes smartphones.. Compare Energizer Energy 400 com outros smartphones. Se houver informações sobre o Energizer Energy 400 que você gostaria de ver neste site, em seguida, escreva para o nosso endereço webmaster@droidchart.com.. 
Apple Google HTC Huawei LG Motorola Nokia OnePlus Samsung Sony Xiaomi. Select the smartphones that you want to compare. GSM 900 / 1900 / 850 - SIM 1 & SIM 23G bands. HSDPA 850 / 1900 - EM4EI043. HSDPA 900 / 2100 - EM4EI047 GSM / HSPA. GSM 850 / 900 / 1800 / 1900 - SIM 1 & SIM 23G bands. HSDPA 850 / 1900 - EM5EL043. HSDPA 900 / 2100 - EM5EL047. Up to 15 h Stand-by. Up to 18 h 40 min. Dimensions - H x W x L. 134.5 mm X 73.6 mm X 18.8 mm. 152.3 mm X 80.6 mm X 18.8 mm. SIM card Mini-SIM Dual SIM (Mini-SIM/ Micro-SIM, dual stand-by). Operating system - OS Android OS, v4.4 (KitKat) Android OS, v4.4 (KitKat). Graphics processor - GPU Mali-400 Mali-400MP2. Memory card slot microSD, up to 64 GB microSD, up to 64 GB. Internal memory 4 GB, 512 MB RAM 8 GB, 1 GB RAM. Display type IPS LCD IPS LCD. Display resolution 480 x 800 720 x 1280. PPI /points per inch/ 233 294. Camera resolution 3264 x 2448 4128 x 3096. Front camera 1.3 MP 5 MP. Wi-Fi Wi-Fi 802.11 a/b/g/n, hotspot Wi-Fi 802.11 a/b/g/n, hotspot. GPS Yes, with A-GPS Yes, with A-GPS. Bluetooth v4.0, A2DP, LE v4.0, A2DP, LE. Radio Stereo FM radio Stereo FM radio. - Geo-tagging, touch focus, face/smile detection, HDR. - Geo-tagging, touch focus, face/smile detection, HDR. Comments and opinions about comparison between - Energizer Energy 400 - Energizer Energy 500 -. In our database there are 4337 smartphones from 95 brands And we continue to add new ones. Energizer Energy 400 VS Energizer Energy 500. Energizer Energy 400 VS Samsung Galaxy XCover 3. Energizer Energy 400 VS Cat S40. Energizer Energy 400 VS Sony Xperia Z5. Energizer Energy 400 VS Huawei Honor 7. Energizer Energy 400 VS Apple iPhone 6. Energizer Energy 400 VS Amazon Fire Phone. Energizer Energy 400 VS Huawei P8 Lite. Energizer Energy 400 VS Motorola RAZR MAXX. Energizer Energy 400 VS Cat B15. Energizer Energy 400 VS Cat S30. Energizer Energy 400 VS Cat S50. Energizer Energy 400 VS Samsung Galaxy Star S5280. Energizer Energy 400 VS Samsung Wave Y S5380. Energizer Energy 400 VS LG X screen. Energizer Energy 400 VS BLU Advance 4.0. Energizer Energy 400 VS Samsung Galaxy A5 (2016). Energizer Energy 400 VS Sony Xperia E3. Energizer Energy 400 VS Nokia Lumia 625. Energizer Energy 400 VS Samsung Galaxy S5. Energizer Energy 400 VS Apple iPhone 5c. Energizer Energy 400 VS Apple iPhone 5s. Energizer Energy 400 VS Motorola RAZR i XT890. Energizer Energy 400 VS BLU Vivo 5R. Energizer Energy 400 VS Energizer Energy 400. Energizer Energy 400 VS Alcatel Pop 2 (5) Premium. Energizer Energy 400 VS Motorola Moto G 4G. Energizer Energy 400 VS Huawei Y360. Energizer Energy 400 VS Motorola Moto G (2nd gen). Energizer Energy 400 VS Samsung Galaxy S4. Energizer Energy 400 VS BLU Energy M. Energizer Energy 400 VS OnePlus 3T. Energizer Energy 400 VS Motorola Moto G (3rd gen). Energizer Energy 400 VS Motorola RAZR XT910. Energizer Energy 400 VS Huawei P8. Energizer Energy 400 VS BLU Studio Touch. Energizer Energy 400 VS Apple iPhone 4. Energizer Energy 400 VS Samsung I9001 Galaxy S Plus. Energizer Energy 400 VS Samsung D700. Energizer Energy 400 VS Samsung Galaxy A3 (2016). Energizer Energy 400 VS Apple iPhone SE. Energizer Energy 400 VS Sony Xperia M4 Aqua. Energizer Energy 400 VS Samsung S7710 Galaxy Xcover 2. Energizer Energy 400 VS Huawei Y635. Energizer Energy 400 VS LG X3. Energizer Energy 400 VS Apple iPhone 7. Energizer Energy 400 VS Samsung Galaxy S6. Energizer Energy 400 VS Sony Xperia Z3 Compact. Energizer Energy 400 VS Casio G'zOne CA-201L. Energizer Energy 400 VS Samsung Galaxy J3. PhonesData is the Web site where you can find information about the full technical specifications of all smartphones. We have added specifications such as size of the screen, processor MHz, MP of camera, battery, weight, operating system, and many more!. We are adding daily new devices and checking the old errors. However, it is possible catalog to have inaccuracies. Not responsible for incorrect entered information. The latest smartphones you can buy from Amazon, Ebay, your mobile operator, the formal representation or other souvenirs of your choice at their price price.. Apple Google HTC Huawei LG Motorola Nokia OnePlus Samsung Sony Xiaomi. 2018 Â© PhonesData - All rights reserved.. 
Home Shop Mobile Phones Smartphones. The product is already in the wishlist!. Available in 2 Working Days Of Day Order. € 199.00 € 149.00. Categories: Mobile Phones , Smartphones. Tags: dustproof , energizer , energy 400 , feature phones , ip68 , mobile phones , shockproof , waterproof. The ENERGY 400 is surprising: both strong, powerful and easy to use. It is certified with IP 68 allowing it to withstand immersion under 2 meters of water for 30 minutes and drops from 2 meters high. It will never let you down with its superpower battery with a standby time of 400h and 19h call mode, and will always return you to your destination with its GPS assisted on-board. Running Android 4.4 KitKat, the ENERGY 400 offers Dual SIM technology (managing two phone lines on the same phone) for total freedom!. LCD touch capacitive 4″ WVGA, 16M colours. Display resolution: 800 x 480 pixels. Compatible memory card: microSD up to 64GB. 2G, GPRS, EDGE, HSPA, Wi-Fi, Bluetooth v4 + LE, GPS + AGPS. Dimensions (mm): 134.5 x 73.6 x 18.8. – 1 AC adapter EU + UK. Free Delivery in Cyprus for orders above €20 (non-remote areas). If the value of the order is less than €20 there is a pick up surcharge of €1 (from any of the ACS Courier offices in Cyprus). For home delivery in Cyprus the surcharge amount is €3 (for non-remote areas). We deliver within 1-7 working days depending on your location. 90% of the orders are delivered within 3 working days provided the requested item is in stock. For backorders delivery time is usually between 4-7 working days.. Pick up from ACS Courier offices. Choose one of the ACS Courier pick-up offices in all cities. Your order will be ready for pick-up in 1 – 3 working days and it’s free for purchases over €20.. Choose home delivery and your order will come at your home. Your order will reach you in 2 – 3 working days and it’s free for purchases over €20.. We accept all major debit/credit cards (Visa, MasterCard, Amex, Maestro). For more information please visit JCC Gateway.. PayPal is designed from the ground up to be one of the safest ways to send money online. Unlike other financial institutions, our payments are sent without sharing financial information. In fact, PayPal never shares your financial information with or sells it to merchants. Information is automatically sent with a high level of data encryption. To help safeguard you against identity theft, every PayPal payment is followed by an email confirming your transaction. For more information please visit PayPal.. Orders will be dispatched as soon as the payment is confirmed.. This method of payment is recommended for worldwide customers.. Cash on Delivery for orders upto €200.. The product is already in the wishlist!. SBS Portable battery backup Extraslim Gold Collection 2.200 mAh for smartphone and mobile Gold color. The product is already in the wishlist!. APPLE iPhone 7 Plus 32GB gold. The product is already in the wishlist!. The product is already in the wishlist!. Categories Mobile Phones (47). Mobile Phone Accessories (292). Accessories & Wearables (32). Copyright 2016 © Tech 2 Tech, All Rights Reserved. / Powered by NETinfo Plc. We use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website. If you continue to use this site we will assume that you are happy with it. 
Energizer Energy 400 (2017) Price In Sri Lanka , And Full Specifications. Rating: 1 / 5. Retail Price of energizer energy 400 (2017) in Sri Lanka is LKR 20,020. Energizer Introduced New Smartphone Energizer Energy 400 (2017) comes with Android 6.0 Marshmallow OS, 5.0 inches TN TFT LCD capacitive touchscreen, 16M colors and 480 x 800 pixels resolution + 233 PPI pixel density, It has Black color,Hybrid Dual SIM (Micro-SIM/Nano-SIM, dual stand-by) Slot supports 2G,3G and 4G LTE network.. The smartphone has 8MP rear camera having geo-tagging, touch focus, face detection, HDR and panorama features and 1.3MP front camera.. Energizer Energy 400 has Quad-core 1.3 GHz Cortex-A53 processor,Mediatek MT6737M chipset and Mali-T720MP2 GPU.. It has 1GB RAM and 8GB internal Storage, microSD, up to 64 GB card slot. It brings Bluetooth 4.0, A2DP, LE + microUSB 2.0 and 3.5 mm Audio jack.. Here is Li-Ion 2500 mAh battery but no fast charging and wireless charger support.. 134 x 72 x 15 mm (5.28 x 2.83 x 0.59 in). Yes, IP67 certified - dust/water proof over 1 meter and 30 minutes. Hybrid Dual SIM (Micro-SIM, dual stand-by). microSD, up to 64 GB (uses SIM 2 slot). TN TFT capacitive touchscreen, 16M colors. Geo-tagging, touch focus, face detection, panorama. GSM 850 / 900 / 1800 / 1900 - SIM 1 & SIM 2. Read All User Comments Post Your Opinion. Best Price of Energizer Energy 400 (2017) in Sri Lanka is LKR 20,020 (US$130) , All Prices updated on daily bases from the local market shops/Showrooms or price list provided by the main dealers of Energizer in LKA we are trying to deliver possible best Price of Energizer Energy 400 (2017) in Sri Lanka and Full specifications, But we can’t grantee the Price and Specifications are 100% correct on this page (human error is possible). All prices mentioned on this page are in LKR and valid all over the Sri Lanka including Colombo, Dehiwala-Mount Lavinia, Moratuwa Slight deviations are expected, you can check detailed specifications and price online on mobile57 before making a decision to buy Energizer Energy 400 (2017) from online store or local shops.. If you find any error in rates or specs or have any suggestion to makes better this website please send us a massage by contact us page.. Disclaimer: We are trying to provid latest Mobile Phone prices in Sri Lanka and Specs, but we cannot guarantee. The latest launched Cell Phones are priced on the basis of international offerings without including shipment costs and taxes.. © Copyrights by Mobile57 2011 to 2018. 
English Srpski. Home Smartphone reviews Blog News Brands Contact menu. Huawei Mate 10 Lite Review - Smaller version of the Mate 10 with a quadruple camera February 13, 2018. Xiaomi Mi A1 Review - Xiaomi with Pixel features! February 06, 2018. NOA Core Next Review - NOA entry level device January 25, 2018. Blackview A5 Review - Compact and accessible January 23, 2018. Brand Brand name Model. Select brand ACER ALCATEL ALLVIEW AMOI APPLE ASUS BBK BENQ BLACKBERRY BLU BLUBOO CAT CHUWI CUBOT DOOGEE DOOV ELEPHONE FLY FUJITSU GIGABYTE GIONEE GOOGLE HTC HUAWEI ICEMOBILE INFOCUS INTEX KYOCERA LANDVO LAVA LEAGOO LEECO LENOVO LG MICROMAX MICROSOFT MOTOROLA NIU NOA NOKIA ONEPLUS OPPO OUKITEL PANASONIC PANTECH PHILIPS PLUM POSH PRESTIGIO SAMSUNG SHARP SISWOO SONY SYMPHONY TESLA TEXET THL UMI VERYKOOL VIVAX VIVO WALTON WIKO XIAOMI XOLO YU ZOPO. Type Diagonal (inches) Resolution (pixel) PPI (ppi). Select type PHONE TABLET. Pixel (MP) Flash Flash type Video Video resolution (pixel). Select type Dual-LED flash LED flash Quad-LED flash Ten-LED flash Triple-LED flash Xenon Xenon and LED flash. Chipset Number of cores Speed. Select chipset Actions Allwinner Altair AMD Amlogic Apple Atheros Boxchip Broadcom Freescale HiSilicon Huawei Infineon Intel Leadcore LG Marvell MediaTek Motorola MSTAR Nvidia NXP Philips Qualcomm Rockchip Samsung SiRF SpreadTrum ST Erricson Telechips TI (Texas Instruments) VIA Vivante Xiaomi. RAM Internal Memory Card. Select operating system 360 OS Aliyun OS Amigo Android Android Wear Bada BlackBerry OS Brew Chrome OS Cloud OS Color OS Coolsand OS Cyanogen OS Danger OS Dash OS Dido OS ELE OS EMUI OS Fira OS Fire OS Firefox OS Flo OS FlyMe OS Freedom OS Freeme OS Funtouch OS HiOS HP webOS Indus OS iOS IUNI Kingzone OS Leagoo OS LeWa OS LiMo Linux Living MeeGo MEIOS Microsoft Windows Phone MIUI OS MOS MTK Nokia X Nucleus OMS OS X Oxygen OS Palm OS REMIX OS Rex RTK Sailfish OS SHP Smartisan OS Star OS SUGAR OS Symbian Tencent OS ThreadX Tizen Touch OS UMI OS VOS WatchOS WeOS Windows Windows Mobile Windows Mobile + Windows Vista Windows Phone X OS YunOS ZUI OS. USB type WI-FI Infrared NFC Hotknot HDMI GPS Bluetooth Bluetooth version. Select type Micro-USB Mini-USB Type-C. Select version 5.0 4.2 4.1 4.0 3.1 3.0 2.4 2.3 2.2 2.1 2.0 1.5 1.2 1.1 1.0. Waterproof Dustproof Shock resistant. Apple Samsung LG Motorola Xiaomi Huawei Asus Oneplus Sony Oppo. Home Brands ENERGIZER ENERGIZER ENERGY 400 EM4EI047. Specifications Comments Phone compare. 134.5 x 73.6 x 18.8 mm. Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus.. We currently show full specs for 68 brands. Please check list here .. Mobile phones specs, reviews, comparisons, manuals, gaming and more. Home Smartphone reviews Blog News Brands Contact. Terms and conditions DMCA report Copyright (c) mobosdata.com. 
The next video is starting stop. ENERGIZER - ENERGY 400 - Shock Proof Tests. Want to watch this again later?. Sign in to add this video to a playlist.. Sign in to report inappropriate content.. Sign in to make your opinion count.. Sign in to make your opinion count.. Rating is available when the video has been rented.. This feature is not available right now. ENERGIZER HARDCASE MOBILE - ENERGY 400. When autoplay is enabled, a suggested video will automatically play next.. ENERGIZER ENERGY 400 LTE - Shoch Water Proof Test. The Critic: Energizer Energy 400 Review. Energizer Energy 400 - Unboxing ##Rugged Smartphone##. Is This The World's Most Indestructible Phone?. Meet the Energizer Energy E20 flip phone with the large battery. Energizer Smartphone 400 | MWC | Hands On. Power Max P600S: Energizer presents a cell phone with battery and "infinite" screen. How I Made My Own iPhone - in China. Energizer Hardcase H240S Feature Phone With 4G VoLTE ,Android 6.0 Marshmallow ,shock proof. How to SUPER CLEAN your Engine Bay. Energizer® ENERGY E520 LTE - Video Tour. TOP 5 Best Waterproof SmartPhones ! ᴴᴰ. Yezz Mobile e Energizer per i Rugged Phone ad IFA 2015. The Energizer Dual Zone charges phones slickly without wires. Energizer Power Max P600S (4500mAH Battery, 6GB RAM, 64GB Storage) Full Specifications & Price!!. Sign in to add this to Watch Later. 
Energizer Energy 400 vs Huawei P9 Lite. Compare Energizer Energy 400 and Huawei P9 Lite. LTE, Cat6, 300 Mbps download, 50 Mbps upload. Dual-core 1.3 GHz ARM Cortex-A7. Geo-tagging, HDR, face/smile detection, touch focus. Geo-tagging, HDR, face/smile detection, panorama, touch focus. Compare Energizer Energy 400 vs Gionee W909. Compare Energizer Energy 400 vs Samsung Galaxy Note7. Compare Energizer Energy 400 vs Huawei P9. Compare Energizer Energy 400 vs Samsung Galaxy Note7 (USA). Compare Energizer Energy 400 vs Samsung Galaxy Tab J. Compare Energizer Energy 400 vs Huawei P9 Plus. Compare Energizer Energy 400 vs Wiko Fever SE. Compare Energizer Energy 400 vs Maxwest Gravity 5 LTE. Huawei P9 Lite vs vivo X20 Plus UD comparison. Huawei P9 Lite vs Sharp R1S comparison. Huawei P9 Lite vs Allview P8 Pro comparison. Huawei P9 Lite vs Haier I6 comparison. Huawei P9 Lite vs Haier I8 comparison. Huawei P9 Lite vs Texet TM-5581 comparison. Huawei P9 Lite vs Xiaomi Redmi Note 5 comparison. Huawei P9 Lite vs Xiaomi Redmi Note 5 Pro comparison. 
Geo-tagging, HDR, face/smile detection, touch focus. models similar to Energizer Energy 400. 
Press alt + / to open this menu. See more of Energizer Hardcase Philippines - Mobile on Facebook. See more of Energizer Hardcase Philippines - Mobile on Facebook. 1 Like · Comment · Share. English (UK) · 中文(简体) · Bahasa Indonesia · Español · Português (Brasil). Privacy · Terms · Advertising · AdChoices · Cookies ·. · 5 February at 06:59 ·. Get your Energizer Mobile at Argomall.com now ! # Longlasting # Homecredit # Waterproof # Antishock # 4G # Energizer # Argomall. Energizer Energy 400 LTE [2018] Philippines. Android Marshmallow, quad-core 1.3GHz processor, 1GB RAM/ 8GB internal storage, 1.3MP front camera and Dual 8MP rear camera. Buy now and get free delivery and COD!. Energizer Hardcase Philippines - Mobile shared Dialog Axiata 's photo .. · 23 February at 00:54 ·. Energizer HARDCASE Long Lasting Mobile now arriving greatly in Sri Lanka! Exclusively at the NO.1 and Fastest Network -DIALOG !. Dialog Axiata is with Ashira Dilshan and Ashira Dilshan .. 19 February at 00:36 ·. Introducing the all new 4G VoLTE enabled Energizer Hard Case Series by Sri Lanka’s #1 and Fastest Network! Available exclusively at selected Dialog Customer Care Centres island wide. Energizer Hardcase Philippines - Mobile added 11 new photos .. · 22 February at 11:32 · Marseille, France ·. 📣 🔆 Grand Launch in # EasternEurope ! Thanks for major press and Key partners ! Over book preorders for New # Energizer HARDCASE & PowerMax Range ! # BigBattery # WaterProof 💦 # LongLastingphone ⚡️ 😎 BRAVO !!. Energizer Hardcase Philippines - Mobile shared argomall, Inc. · 16 February at 07:32 ·. Buy Energizer HARDCASE mobile from Argomall.com -Authorized online store ! # Argomall # EnergizerHardcase # Longlasting # Waterproof # IP68. It looks like you may be having problems playing this video. If so, please try restarting your browser.. 16 February at 04:00 ·. Save time when searching for new smartphone, brand new smartphones with official manufacturer warranty in the Philippines. Now also available with ThePLAN SIM-O ... https://www.argomall.com/ # argomall # EnergizerHardcasePH # globeph # HomeCreditPH. — Products shown: Energizer Energy S600 LTE , Energizer Enery 500 LTE , Energizer Energy E520 LTE and Energizer Energy 400 LTE .. · 10 February at 03:42 ·. Energize Your Device ! Energizer Lifetime warranty charging & data syn cables is available in Philippines Now ! Made for iPhone, Samsung, OPPO, Huawei and Vivo. # Lifetime # Longlasting # MFiCertified. It looks like you may be having problems playing this video. If so, please try restarting your browser.. Posted by Energizer Hardcase Philippines - Mobile. Energizer Hardcase Philippines - Mobile updated their cover photo.. · 5 February at 21:04 ·. Energizer Long Lasting Mobile Phone 4G # IP68 Water-proof # AntiShock by American Military Test Standard. Energizer Hardcase Philippines - Mobile updated their profile picture.. · 5 February at 21:04 ·. · 15 December 2017 ·. Get 2 years warranty when you get an # EnergizerHardcase phone now! Click here: http://bit.ly/EnergizerAtPCExpress. Visit the following PC Express branches below: Festival Mall Robinsons Ermita ... Market! Market! SM Cubao SM Megamall SM North EDSA SM Fairview SM Sta. Rosa SM Lipa SM Clark. It looks like you may be having problems playing this video. If so, please try restarting your browser.. Posted by Energizer Hardcase Philippines - Mobile. · 14 December 2017 ·. Energizer and certain graphic designs are trademarks of Energizer Brands, LLC and related subsidiaries and are used under license by Avenir Telecom. All other brand names are trademarks of their respective owners.. · 14 December 2017 ·. Ever wonder how long will the # EnergizerHardcase phone last underwater? PRESS AND HOLD the picture to find out!. (Works best on mobile) # EHTrivia. Energizer Hardcase Philippines - Mobile shared PC Express 's post .. · 12 December 2017 ·. Get loads and loads of freebies when you buy an Energizer® Hardcase phone now! Click here: http://bit.ly/EnergizerAtPCExpress. Visit the following PC Express branches below: Festival Mall Robinsons Ermita ... Market! Market! SM Cubao SM Megamall SM North EDSA SM Fairview SM Sta. Rosa SM Lipa SM Clark. Water proof, dust proof,shock proof & Long battery life Smartphone? meron tayo nyan! bili ng Energizer Smartphones sa PC Express! for as low as ₱7,995 may wat ... erproof, dust proof at shock proof smartphone kana!. at may free Bluetooth microphone ka pa!. click here for product info: https://pcx.com.ph/energizer-mobile-phones-highlight/. # Energizer # Shockproof # Waterproof # dustproof. Energizer Hardcase Philippines - Mobile is at Robinsons Place Manila .. · 30 November 2017 · Manila, Philippines ·. Get loads and loads of freebies when you buy an Energizer® Hardcase phone now! Click here: http://bit.ly/EnergizerAtPCExpress. Visit the following PC Express branches below: Festival Mall Robinsons Ermita ... Market! Market! SM Cubao SM Megamall SM North EDSA SM Fairview SM Sta. Rosa SM Lipa SM Clark. — Products shown: Energizer® Hardcase - Energy 400 LTE , Energizer Hardcase Energy 520 LTE, , Energizer® Hardcase Ultraslim - Energy S600 and Energizer® Hardcase - Energy 500 LTE .. Energizer Hardcase Philippines - Mobile is at Robinson's Place Ermita, Manila .. · 28 November 2017 · Manila, Philippines ·. The Energizer® Hardcase Mobile spotted in PC Express Robinsons Ermita! Click here: http://bit.ly/EnergizerAtPCExpress. Avail now by dropping by the following PC Express branches below: Festival Mall Robinsons Ermita ... Market! Market! SM Cubao SM Megamall SM North EDSA SM Fairview SM Sta. Rosa SM Lipa SM Clark. It looks like you may be having problems playing this video. If so, please try restarting your browser.. Energizer Hardcase in PCExpress Robinsons Ermita. Posted by Energizer Hardcase Philippines - Mobile. Energizer Hardcase Philippines - Mobile shared Globe Telecom 's video .. · 24 November 2017 ·. It looks like you may be having problems playing this video. If so, please try restarting your browser.. Because you can never have too many dog videos | #CreateNewTra.... Check out this cute doggo! 🐶 # CreateNewTraditions. Energizer Hardcase Philippines - Mobile shared PC Express 's post .. · 13 November 2017 ·. The Energizer® Hardcase Mobile is now available at selected PC Express multi-brand stores!. Avail now by dropping by the following PC Express branches below: Festival Mall SM Sta. SM Lipa SM Clark SM Fairview Robinsons Ermita Market! Market! SM Cubao SM Megamall SM North EDSA. CLICK HERE TO LEARN MORE: https://pcx.com.ph/energizer-mobile-phones-highlight/. Energizer Smartphones, rugged design that allows for practicality and durability. Click here product info: https://pcx.com.ph/energizer-mobile-phones-highlight/. Energizer Hardcase Philippines - Mobile shared PC Express 's post .. · 9 November 2017 ·. The Energizer® Hardcase Mobile is now available at selected PC Express multi-brand stores!. Avail now by dropping by the following PC Express branches below: Festival Mall SM Sta. SM Lipa SM Clark SM Fairview Robinsons Ermita Market! Market! SM Cubao SM Megamall SM North EDSA. The Energy 500 has rugged design that allows for practicality and durability.. Avail Now at PC Express for only P14,700 srp. # Waterproof # Dustproof click here for product info: https://pcx.com.ph/energizer-mobile-phones-highlight/. · 5 November 2017 ·. Ambition is the first step to success, The second step is action. · 1 November 2017 ·. Get your Energizer® Hardcase phone now! Price starts at P11,000!. Send us a message or drop by the Astig Communications Service Center at Sanford Building, East Service Road, Cupang, Muntinlupa City!. Directions on the links below: ... — Products shown: Energizer® Hardcase - Energy 400 LTE , Energizer Hardcase Energy 520 LTE, , Energizer® Hardcase Ultraslim - Energy S600 and Energizer® Hardcase - Energy 500 LTE .. It looks like you may be having problems playing this video. If so, please try restarting your browser.. Posted by Energizer Hardcase Philippines - Mobile. Energizer Hardcase Philippines - Mobile shared Rappler 's photo .. · 1 November 2017 ·. This phone from this famous battery brand has some good specs: an octacore 2GHz processor, a 5.5-inch full HD display, 4GB of RAM, 64G ... B of storage, a dual camera setup on the rear, a 4,000 mAh battery, and an 8MP front shooter. It also comes with a fingerprint sensor, is IP68 dust and water resistant, and judging by its appearance, very, very tough.. MORE DETAILS: http://s.rplr.co/Um20M9K # MobileWorldCongress2017. · 30 October 2017 ·. The Energizer® Hardcase Mobile is now available at selected PC Express multi-brand stores!. Avail now by dropping by the following PC Express branches below: Festival Mall SM Sta. SM Lipa SM Clark SM Fairview Robinsons Ermita Market! Market! SM Cubao SM Megamall SM North EDSA. — Products shown: Energizer Hardcase Energy 520 LTE, , Energizer® Hardcase Ultraslim - Energy S600 , Energizer® Hardcase - Energy 400 and Energizer® Hardcase - Energy 500 LTE .. 
Energizer Energy 400 – brzi test. Datum objave 04.07.2016 - Krešimir Matanović. Dimenzije i masa: 134.5 x 73.6 x 18.8 mm; 216 grama. Ekran: Kapacitivni IPS LCD ekran osjetljiv na dodir (do 5 prstiju), dijagonale 4.0″, rezolucije 480×800 piksela (cca. Čipset: Mediatek MT6572, Dual core Cortex A7, 1.3 GHz, Mali-400 grafika. Memorija: 512MB RAM, 4 GB ROM. Kamere: Stražnja: 8 MP (autofocus, LED flash, geo tagging, touch focus, face/smile detection, HDR, video: 720p @ 30 fps), Prednja: 1.3 MP. Oprema: Wi-Fi 802.11 n (hotspot), Bluetooth v4.0 (A2DP,LE), A-GPS micro USB 2.0, senzori blizine i ubrzanja, dual Mini SIM, micro SD card slot do 64 GB.. Iz Makromikro Grupe nam je na brzinski test stigao Energizerov Energy 400 pameti telefon. Riječ je o uređaju koji podliježe IP68 standardu, što znači kako je otporan na prašinu i vodu, a zbog masivnog oklopa je otporan i na udarce. S hardverske je strane riječ o nešto manje impresivnom uređaju – pogoni ga Mediatekov MT6572 SoC, ima 512 MB radne memorije i 4 GB skladišne memorije, a operativni sistem je Android 4.4 odnosno KitKat.. Energizer je dobro poznata američka tvrtka iz Missouria koja proizvodi baterije. Osim baterija svih vrsta u ponudi imaju i punjače za baterije, mobitele, tablete, zatim svjetiljke, a odnedavno i pametne telefone. U ponudi imaju modele Energy 200, 240, 400 i 500, koji svi dolaze u masivnim zaštitnim kućištima s IP67/68 certifikatima i namijenjeni su uporabi u teškim uvjetima.. Energy 400 je predstavljen u siječnju 2015. godine, kao uostalom i ostatak Energizerovih pametnih telefona. Dolazi u prigodno dizajniranoj kutiji, unutar koje je odlično zaštićen, premda je i sam vrlo robustan. Uz uređaj dolazi i punjač s dva nastavka (europski i britanski standard), tu je USB kabel za punjenje i prijenos podataka, zatim slušalice, alat za skidanje stražnjeg poklopca i debela uputstva za rad s jamstvenim listićem (2 godine jamstva).. Energy 400 je uređaj s 4.0″ ekranom koji je zbog oklopa velikih dimenzija – 134.5 x 73.6 x 18.8 mm i uz to je naravno velike mase – 216 grama. Oklop je dizajniran tako da odmah asocira na veliku mehaničku izdržljivost i ulijeva povjerenje kako će izdržati u najtežim radnim uvjetima. IP68 certifikat mu jamči otpornost na prašinu, te uron u vodu dubine 1.8 metara do 30 minuta. Čvrsto kućište osigurava otpornost na udarce i padove s visine do 1.5 metara.. Na prednjoj se strani nalazi ekran smješten iza zaštitnog stakla, ispod kojega su navigacijske tipke osjetljive na dodir. Na dnu se nalazi i rupica ispod koje je mikrofon, a na vrhu je prednja kamera rezolucije 1.3 MP.. Na stražnjoj se strani nalazi poklopac koji je stegnut vijcima, a na njemu se nalazi Energizer pločica, IP-68 otisak, te otisci sličica koje sugeriraju kako je riječ o Android uređaju s GPS podrškom, otpornim na padove i vodu. Kućište je napravljeno od tvrde plastike, gumiranog osjećaja pod prstima a nudi odličan grip pa se uređaj ne kliže u rukama. Na desnom se boku nalaze tipke za pojačavanje i stišavanje glasnoće, na lijevom je boku Power tipka, te Shutter tipka kamere. Na dnu je gumenim poklopcem zaštićen micro USB konektor, a na vrhu je prorez za vezicu. Na vrhu se stražnjeg dijela smjestila i stražnja 8 MP kamera s bljeskalicom.. S hardverske strane vidimo kako je riječ o slabijem uređaju kojem bi zapravo najveći nedostatak mogla biti količina radne memorije od 512 MB (na friškom telefonu korisniku je dostupno 266 MB), te skladišne memorije (korisniku dostupno oko 2.3 GB). Iz našeg višednevnog testiranja i korištenja nismo primijetili kako mu fali memorije, no isto tako treba napomenuti kako ovakav uređaj treba znati koristiti i ne natrpavati ga različitim aplikacijama koje većinu vremena ionako ne koristimo. Sve dok se toga pridržavamo, uređaj je dovoljno brz.. Ekran je 4.0″, rezolucije 480 x 800 piksela, ima solidan prikaz slike i dovoljno jako pozadinsko osvjetljenje, no i stopu osvježavanja slike od samo 30 Hz. Prikaz boja je solidan, ali ne treba očekivati čuda. Responzivnost je dobra, a relativno niska rezolucija znači kako se Mali-400 ne muči s renderiranjem slike. Uređaj ima utor za dvije Mini SIM kartice i microSD karticu, do kojih dolazimo skidanjem stražnjeg poklopca i 2400 mAh baterije. Uređaj podržava samo 3G mreže, a tu je i WiFi podrška po 802.11n specifikaciji, te Bluetooth v4.0.. Operativni sistem je stock Android 4.4 KitKat, bez dodatnog sučelja ili nakrcanih nepotrebnih aplikacija, pa sve radi dovoljno brzo. Vidljivo je kako nije riječ o uređaju moćnog hardvera, no Energy ima specifičnu svrhu i u tom kontekstu radi solidno. Kvaliteta fotografija koje proizvodi stražnja kamera je u prosječna , a valja izbjegavati fotografiranje s uključenim HDR-om jer su fotografije lošije.. OT: mijenjam PS4 COD:WW2 za druge PS4 igrice. ASUS Republic of Gamers osvojio sedam iF Design priznanja u 2018. Novi "embedded" AMD EPYC i Ryzen procesori. TOP 5 POSLOVA TJEDNA - informatika i telekomunikacije. ADATA predstavlja HD710M Pro i HD710A Pro. GIGABYTE AM4 ploče podržavaju Ryzene s Vega grafikom. Tvrtka ASUS Republic of Gamers (ROG) objavila je kako je osvojila sedam prestižnih nagrada na natjecanju iF Product Design Awards 2018 u kategoriji Gaming Hardware/VR. Nagrađivani proizvodi nedvosmisleno dokazuju ROG-ovu predanost inovativn.... AMD je jučer lansirao dvije nove obitelji proizvoda namijenjenih tržištu ugradnih ("embedded") sistema. Zasnovani na nagrađivanoj "Zen" arhitekturi, novi procesori donose visoke performanse u ovaj industrijski segment, omogućavajući proizvo.... hr donosimo vam tjedni pregled najboljih radnih mjesta u kategoriji Informatika i telekomunikacije. U nastavku pogledajte aktualne poslove koje su za vas odabrali stručnjaci sa specijaliziranog portala za tražen.... Adata predstavlja HD710M Pro i HD710A Pro – dva nova modela u liniji Durable vanjskih tvrdih diskova. HD710M Pro i HD710A Pro utemeljeni su na najrobusnijem dizajnu, ali s boljim specifikacijama nego ikad prije, nudeći zaštitu od prašine i.... Ltd, prošli je tjedan predstavio novi BIOS za GIGABYTE AM4 matične ploče bazirane na AMD X370, B350, A320 čipsetima. Sa najnovijom verzijom BIOS-a, AM4 matične ploče podržavaju najnovije AMD Ryzen desktop procesore s.... © 1999-2018 PC Ekspert - Sva prava pridržana ISSN 1334-2940. 
Energizer Energy 400 (2017) Price In Bangladesh , And Full Specifications. Rating: 1 / 5. Retail Price of energizer energy 400 (2017) in Bangladesh is BDT 11,700. Energizer Introduced New Smartphone Energizer Energy 400 (2017) comes with Android 6.0 Marshmallow OS, 5.0 inches TN TFT LCD capacitive touchscreen, 16M colors and 480 x 800 pixels resolution + 233 PPI pixel density, It has Black color,Hybrid Dual SIM (Micro-SIM/Nano-SIM, dual stand-by) Slot supports 2G,3G and 4G LTE network.. The smartphone has 8MP rear camera having geo-tagging, touch focus, face detection, HDR and panorama features and 1.3MP front camera.. Energizer Energy 400 has Quad-core 1.3 GHz Cortex-A53 processor,Mediatek MT6737M chipset and Mali-T720MP2 GPU.. It has 1GB RAM and 8GB internal Storage, microSD, up to 64 GB card slot. It brings Bluetooth 4.0, A2DP, LE + microUSB 2.0 and 3.5 mm Audio jack.. Here is Li-Ion 2500 mAh battery but no fast charging and wireless charger support.. 134 x 72 x 15 mm (5.28 x 2.83 x 0.59 in). Yes, IP67 certified - dust/water proof over 1 meter and 30 minutes. Hybrid Dual SIM (Micro-SIM, dual stand-by). microSD, up to 64 GB (uses SIM 2 slot). TN TFT capacitive touchscreen, 16M colors. Geo-tagging, touch focus, face detection, panorama. GSM 850 / 900 / 1800 / 1900 - SIM 1 & SIM 2. Read All User Comments Post Your Opinion. Best Price of Energizer Energy 400 (2017) in Bangladesh is BDT 11,700 (US$130) , All Prices updated on daily bases from the local market shops/Showrooms or price list provided by the main dealers of Energizer in BD we are trying to deliver possible best Price of Energizer Energy 400 (2017) in Bangladesh and Full specifications, But we can’t grantee the Price and Specifications are 100% correct on this page (human error is possible). All prices mentioned on this page are in BDT and valid all over the Bangladesh including Dhaka, Chittagong, Khulna Slight deviations are expected, you can check detailed specifications and price online on mobile57 before making a decision to buy Energizer Energy 400 (2017) from online store or local shops.. If you find any error in rates or specs or have any suggestion to makes better this website please send us a massage by contact us page.. Disclaimer: We are trying to provid latest Mobile Phone prices in Bangladesh and Specs, but we cannot guarantee. The latest launched Cell Phones are priced on the basis of international offerings without including shipment costs and taxes.. © Copyrights by Mobile57 2011 to 2018. 
2 Cores @ 1.3GHz ARM Cortex-A7. GSM 1900, 850, 900 UMTS 850, 1900 HSPA 850, 1900. to view the teardown data for this device.. If you are interested in becoming a client, please. Contact ABI for subscription information.. Why is this taking so long?. Our teardown PDFs are generated on demand to be sure that they contain up-to-date pricing and imagery.. The PDFs contain full-resolution imagery from the teardown, making them hundreds of megabytes in size.. All of the information contained in the PDFs is also available in an interactive format, accessible by using the tabs on this page.. Using the interactive interface will ensure that you are always looking at the latest data available and the experience is optimized for performance.. We recommend using the PDF downloads only when you have a specific need for an offline report.. 
