The next video is starting stop. Energizer Energy E520 LTE vs Huawei Mate 10 Lite - Tech Specs Comparison. Want to watch this again later?. Sign in to add this video to a playlist.. Sign in to report inappropriate content.. Sign in to make your opinion count.. Sign in to make your opinion count.. Rating is available when the video has been rented.. This feature is not available right now. Buy Energizer Energy E520 LTE at Amazon: http://amzn.to/2F3Xcyy Buy Huawei Mate 10 Lite at Amazon: http://amzn.to/2F1z7IB. When autoplay is enabled, a suggested video will automatically play next.. Mate 10 vs iPhone X - The Public Decides! | The Tech Table Ep. Wiko Harry vs Archos Diamond Omega - Tech Specs Comparison. Blackview A10 vs Huawei Mate 10 Pro - Tech Specs Comparison. Panasonic Eluga C vs ZTE Blade X - Tech Specs Comparison. BQ Aquaris VS vs Gionee S11 - Tech Specs Comparison. Haier L7 vs Gionee X1s - Tech Specs Comparison. BLU Vivo X vs BLU Dash L5 LTE - Tech Specs Comparison. Nokia 7 plus vs vivo V7+ - Tech Specs Comparison. Asus Zenfone 5 (2018) vs Panasonic Eluga Ray 500 - Tech Specs Comparison. BLU Vivo X vs BLU Grand M2 LTE - Tech Specs Comparison. Blackview A7 Pro vs Allview X4 Soul Infinity L - Tech Specs Comparison. BQ Aquaris VS Plus vs Lenovo moto tab - Tech Specs Comparison. BLU Dash L5 LTE vs OnePlus 5T - Tech Specs Comparison. 10 Cool Things On AMAZON In 2017. BLU Vivo One vs Micromax Bharat 5 Plus - Tech Specs Comparison. Haier I6 vs Meizu M6 - Tech Specs Comparison. ENERGIZER - ENERGY 400 - Shock Proof Tests. Snapdragon vs Mediatek - Which is better & Why?. Huawei MediaPad M5 10 (Pro) vs ZTE Blade Force - Tech Specs Comparison. Haier L7 vs Energizer Power Max P600S - Tech Specs Comparison. Sign in to add this to Watch Later. 
GSM 850 / 900 / 1800 / 1900 - SIM 1 & SIM 2. LTE band 1(2100), 3(1800), 7(2600), 8(900), 20(800). HSPA 42.2/11.5 Mbps, LTE Cat4 150/50 Mbps. 150.8 x 76.2 x 11.1 mm (5.94 x 3.00 x 0.44 in). Hybrid Dual SIM (Nano-SIM, dual stand-by). - IP68 certified - dust/water proof over 1.5 meter and 30 minutes. LTPS IPS LCD capacitive touchscreen, 16M colors. 5.2 inches, 74.5 cm 2 (~64.9% screen-to-body ratio). 720 x 1280 pixels, 16:9 ratio (~282 ppi density). microSD, up to 32 GB (uses SIM 2 slot). Geo-tagging, touch focus, face detection, HDR, panorama. SMS(threaded view), MMS, Email, Push Email, IM. We can not guarantee that the information on this page is 100% correct. Samsung Apple Nokia Sony LG HTC Motorola Huawei Microsoft Lenovo Xiaomi Google Acer Asus Oppo OnePlus Meizu BlackBerry Alcatel ZTE Toshiba Vodafone Energizer XOLO Lava Micromax BLU Gionee vivo LeEco Panasonic HP YU verykool Maxwest Plum. Energizer Energy 400 LTE Energizer Hardcase H550S Cat S41. Energizer Power Max P16K Pro Energizer Power Max P600S Energizer Hardcase H550S Energizer Power Max P550S Energizer Hardcase H240S Energizer Energy 500. 
The Xperia XZ2 and Xperia XZ2 Compact arrive at MWC with a changed design. Samsung To Sell Its Superior ISOCELL Image Sensors To Chinese Vendors. Samsung Galaxy S9 Packed With Exynos 9810 Yields SND845 by 8%. The Vivo Apex is a concept phone of our dreams. Nokia 8 Sirocco With 2K pOLED Screen Announced at MWC 2018. All 360 Mobiles Acer AGM AllCall Amoi. Huami is officially listed on the New York Stock Exchange. Huawei Patents A Unique Back-Hand Gesture For Smartwatches. Flash Sale: Anet A8 High Precision Desktop 3D Printer Kit Only €122.83. NO.1 F6 IP68 Rugged Smartwatch Presale Kicks Off at $14.99 (Limited Pcs). Microwear XR-05 Waterproof Fitness Tracker Launched on Tomtop. All Huami MGCOOL Microwear No.1 Zeblaze. Energizer® ENERGY E520 LTE Rugged Phone – Closer Look. Home Phones Energizer Energizer® ENERGY E520 LTE Rugged Phone – Closer Look. By Tom Brease -. Energizer® are also looking for more international distributors, if interested contact them at [email. Visit their website at this link: www.energizeyourdevice.com. With the fast pace at which smartphones get released nowadays, it’s not that hard to imagine we could have missed one. The Energizer® ENERGY E520 LTE is indeed one of those, a device that’s doing very well since its launch due to its rugged characteristics, good hardware and a massive 4000mAh battery. Today, we’re going to have a closer look at it for those seeking for a tougher than usual phone!. Let’s begin with introducing Avenir Telecom, which under the Energizer® license offers a range of 13 mobiles, among them 7 smartphones that are placed in 4 distinct ranges: Hardcase (resistant smartphones), Power Max (smartphones with long-lasting batteries), Energy Plus (smartphones with protection accessories included) and Energy (features phones).. With an high-capacity 4000mAh battery, the Energizer® ENERGY E520 LTE will never let you down, lasting for 9 days in standby and 15 hours in use without needing to be recharged.. Thanks to its Intelligent Power Saving technology, every milliampere of the battery is also optimized to avoid any waste.. The Energizer® ENERGY E520 LTE is an anti-shocks and waterproof device that has undergone several tests to earn itself an international military standard IP68 rating. The smartphone can thus be submerged under water to a depth of 1.5 meter for as long as 30 minutes. The ENERGY E520 LTE is also designed with reinforced materials and a Corning Gorilla Glass 3 coating on top of the display, an ultra resistant glass characterized by its finesse and strength, which will allow it to survive falls of up to 1.5 meters of height.. The Energizer® ENERGY E520 LTE also breaks all the aesthetic rules for rugged phones, thanks to its understated, elegant and refined look, and a thickness of just 11.1mm. In some ways it does represent a new benchmark for durable phones, even it looks like more a classic smartphone.. The Vivo Apex is a concept phone of our dreams. Energizer®’s ENERGY E520 LTE integrates a Mediatek MT6737 Quad-Core processor clocked at 1.3GHz, to navigate, communicate, stream and play pretty smoothly, and it sports CAT4-LTE support with maximum speeds of up to 150/50 Mbps so that you can have a snappy online experience.. The rugged phone comes with two SIM cards slots or it can accommodate a SIM card and a microSD card (up to 32GB). On it we also find compass sensor, so you can use the smartphone a real compass, meanwhile its proximity sensor will detect changes in distance between objects and itself, which lets the screen automatically turn off during a call to save power.. The Energizer® ENERGY E520 LTE is currently on sale. If you’re interested in this rugged, waterproof and shockproof phone with outstanding battery life then check the authorized distributors below:. TAGS curved display dual camera dual curved display Energizer phone Energizer® Energizer® ENERGY E520 LTE ENERGY E520 LTE POWER MAX P600S. Chinese phones, tablets and gadgets lover, mostly because they're cheap and powerful, to be honest.. Previous article Elephone S9 & S9 Pro Now Called Elephone U and U Pro. Next article LG G7 rumored to go on sale in April. We provide the latest trending news from the Chinese tech industry.. Post was not sent - check your email addresses!. Email check failed, please try again. Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.. 
GSM 850 / 900 / 1800 / 1900 - SIM 1 & SIM 2. LTE band 1(2100), 3(1800), 7(2600), 8(900), 20(800). Hybrid Dual SIM (Nano-SIM, dual stand-by). Geo-tagging, touch focus, face detection, HDR, panorama. SMS(threaded view), MMS, Email, Push Email, IM. LTPS IPS LCD capacitive touchscreen, 16M colors. 5.2 inches, 74.5 cm2 (~64.9% screen-to-body ratio). microSD, up to 32 GB (uses SIM 2 slot). HSPA 42.2/11.5 Mbps, LTE Cat4 150/50 Mbps. - MP4/H.264 player - MP3/WAV/FLAC/eAAC+ player - Photo/video editor - Document viewer. Energizer Energy E520 LTE - Overview. Do you want to know about latest smartphones and their prices in Pakistan? Visit our very fresh collection for all the latest prices and smartphones at. We give you a holistic platform to know latest Prices and up-to-date specifications of latest handsets. This integrated channel of ours has informative bench to sit on for the roller coaster ride to latest Energizer Mobile Phone Prices, news and reviews that will serve the ultimate purpose to top up your thirst for new technological horizons. Keep visiting and keep refilling your glass for all the latest Smartphone and Prices on. Energizer gives its best shot with Energizer Energy E520 LTE .. While gaining immense appreciation in Pakistan, the handset stands up at a. reasonable Price of 43670 Daily Updated 26-02-2018 Mobile Price. For every latest development on Energizer Energy E520 LTE. Mobile Price in Pakistan, keep visiting Mobile Phone Collection. Get New Energizer Energy E520 LTE Mobile Price and Full Specification here.. Energizer Energy E520 LTE include SIM:Hybrid Dual SIM (Nano-SIM, dual stand-by), LTPS IPS LCD capacitive touchscreen, 16M colors and 5.2 inches, 74.5 cm2 (~64.9% screen-to-body ratio) and Corning Gorilla Glass 3.. Energizer Energy E520 LTE OS: Android 6.0 (Marshmallow) and Mediatek MT6737 and Quad-core 1.3 GHz Cortex-A53. Energizer Energy E520 LTE Internal Memory: 16 GB, 2 GB RAM and Card Slot: microSD, up to 32 GB (uses SIM 2 slot). Energizer Energy E520 LTE Rear Camera 13 MP, autofocus, LED flash and Front Camera: 5 MP.. In order to learn detailed specifications, kindly visit our Specification. and Features Page for Energizer Energy E520 LTE and get to know the latest. about the handset and its Price. Mobile Phone Collection have all to. 
Home › Energizer › Energy E520 LTE Energizer Energy E520 LTE - Specifications. Most recent comparisons including Energizer Energy E520 LTE List of the latest comparisons made by the website visitors, which include Energizer Energy E520 LTE Last viewed devices List of mobile devices, whose specifications have been recently viewed.. Width Height Thickness Weight Write a review. Dimensions : 76.2 x 150.8 x 11.1 mm Weight : 206 g SoC : MediaTek MT6737 CPU : ARM Cortex-A53, 1300 MHz, Cores : 4 GPU : ARM Mali-T720 MP1, 600 MHz, Cores : 1 RAM : 2 GB, 640 MHz Storage : 16 GB Memory cards : microSD, microSDHC, microSDXC Display : 5.2 in, IPS, 720 x 1280 pixels, 24 bit Battery : 4000 mAh, Li-Ion OS : Android 6.0 Marshmallow Camera : 4160 x 3120 pixels, 1280 x 720 pixels, 30 fps SIM card : Nano-SIM, Nano-SIM / microSD Wi-Fi : a, b, g, n, Wi-Fi Hotspot USB : 2.0, Micro USB Bluetooth : 4.0 Positioning : GPS, A-GPS. Brand and model Information about the brand, model and model alias (if any) of a specific device. Brand Energizer Model Energy E520 LTE Model alias Energy E520 4G Design Information about the dimensions and weight of the device, shown in different measurement units. Width 76.2 mm (millimeters) 7.62 cm (centimeters) 0.25 ft (feet) 3 in (inches) Height 150.8 mm (millimeters) 15.08 cm (centimeters) 0.49 ft (feet) 5.94 in (inches) Thickness 11.1 mm (millimeters) 1.11 cm (centimeters) 0.04 ft (feet) 0.44 in (inches) Weight 206 g (grams) 0.45 lbs (pounds) 7.27 oz (ounces) Volume 127.55 cm³ (cubic centimeters) 7.75 in³ (cubic inches) Colors Black Body materials Plastic Metal Certification IP68 MIL-STD-810G SIM card The Subscriber Identity Module (SIM) is used in mobile devices for storing data authenticating the subscribers of mobile services. SIM card type Nano-SIM (4FF - fourth form factor, since 2012, 12.30 x 8.80 x 0.67 mm) Nano-SIM / microSD Number of SIM cards 2 Networks A mobile (cellular) network is a radio system, which allows a large number of mobile devices to communicate with each other. GSM GSM 850 MHz GSM 900 MHz GSM 1800 MHz GSM 1900 MHz UMTS UMTS 900 MHz UMTS 2100 MHz LTE LTE 800 MHz LTE 900 MHz LTE 1800 MHz LTE 2100 MHz LTE 2600 MHz Mobile network technologies and bandwidth Communication between devices within mobile networks is realized via various generations of network technologies, which provide different bandwidth. Mobile network technologies UMTS (384 kbit/s ) EDGE GPRS HSPA+ LTE Cat 4 (51.0 Mbit/s , 150.8 Mbit/s ) Operating system Operating system is the system software, which manages and controls the functioning of the hardware components of the device. Operating system (OS) Android 6.0 Marshmallow System on Chip (SoC) A system on a chip (SoC) includes into a single chip some of the main hardware components of the mobile device. SoC MediaTek MT6737 Process technology 28 nm (nanometers) CPU ARM Cortex-A53 CPU bits 64 bit Instruction set ARMv8-A Level 1 cache memory (L1) 32 KB + 32 KB (kilobytes) Level 2 cache memory (L2) 512 KB (kilobytes) 0.5 MB (megabytes) CPU cores 4 CPU frequency 1300 MHz (megahertz) GPU ARM Mali-T720 MP1 GPU cores 1 GPU frequency 600 MHz (megahertz) RAM capacity 2 GB (gigabytes) RAM type LPDDR3 RAM channels Single channel RAM frequency 640 MHz (megahertz) Storage Every mobile device has a built-in storage (internal memory) with a fixed capacity. Storage 16 GB (gigabytes) Memory cards Memory cards are used in mobile devices for expanding their external storage capacity. Types microSD microSDHC microSDXC Display The display of a mobile device is characterized by its technology, resolution, pixel density, diagonal length, color depth, etc. Type/technology IPS Diagonal size 5.2 in (inches) 132.08 mm (millimeters) 13.21 cm (centimeters) Width 2.55 in (inches) 64.75 mm (millimeters) 6.48 cm (centimeters) Height 4.53 in (inches) 115.12 mm (millimeters) 11.51 cm (centimeters) Aspect ratio 1.778:1 16:9 Resolution 720 x 1280 pixels Pixel density 282 ppi (pixels per inch) 110 ppcm (pixels per centimeter) Color depth 24 bit 16777216 colors Display area 65.08 % (percent) Other features Capacitive Multi-touch Scratch resistant Corning Gorilla Glass 3 LTPS (Low Temperature PolySilicon) Sensors Different sensors measure different physical quantities and convert them into signals recognizable by the mobile device. Sensors Proximity Light Accelerometer Compass Fingerprint Primary camera The primary camera of the mobile device is usually placed at its back and is used for taking photos and recording videos. Sensor type CMOS (complementary metal-oxide semiconductor) Flash type LED Image resolution 4160 x 3120 pixels 12.98 MP (megapixels) Video resolution 1280 x 720 pixels 0.92 MP (megapixels) Video FPS 30 fps (frames per second) Features Autofocus Continuous shooting Digital zoom Digital image stabilization Geotagging Panorama HDR Touch focus White balance settings ISO settings Exposure compensation Scene mode Secondary camera Secondary cameras are placed above the screen of the device and are usually used for video calls, gesture recognition, etc. Image resolution 2560 x 1920 pixels 4.92 MP (megapixels) Video resolution 640 x 480 pixels 0.31 MP (megapixels) Video FPS 30 fps (frames per second) Audio Information about the type of speakers and the audio technologies supported by the device. Speaker Loudspeaker Earpiece Radio The radio in a mobile device is a built-in FM radio receiver. Radio Yes Tracking/Positioning Information about the positioning and navigation technologies supported by the device. Tracking/Positioning GPS A-GPS Wi-Fi Wi-Fi is a technology that provides wireless data connections between various devices within a short range. Wi-Fi 802.11a (IEEE 802.11a-1999) 802.11b (IEEE 802.11b-1999) 802.11g (IEEE 802.11g-2003) 802.11n (IEEE 802.11n-2009) Wi-Fi Hotspot Bluetooth Bluetooth is a standard for secure wireless data transfer between different types of devices over short distances. Version 4.0 Features A2DP (Advanced Audio Distribution Profile) LE (Low Energy) USB The Universal Serial Bus (USB) is an industry standard that allows different electronic devices to exchange data. Connector type Micro USB Version 2.0 Features Charging Mass storage Headphone jack The headphone jack is an audio phone connector, a.k.a. The most widely used one in mobile devices is the 3.5 mm headphone jack. Headphone jack Yes Connectivity Information about other important connectivity technologies supported by the devices. Connectivity Computer sync OTA sync Tethering Browser A web browser is a software application for accessing, fetching, displaying and navigating through information on the World Wide Web. Browser HTML HTML5 CSS 3 Audio file formats/codecs Mobile devices support various audio file formats and codecs, which respectively store and code/decode digital audio data. Audio file formats/codecs AAC (Advanced Audio Coding) AMR / AMR-NB / GSM-AMR (Adaptive Multi-Rate, .amr, .3ga) eAAC+ / aacPlus v2 / HE-AAC v2 FLAC (Free Lossless Audio Codec, .flac) MIDI MP3 (MPEG-2 Audio Layer II, .mp3) WMA (Windows Media Audio, .wma) WAV (Waveform Audio File Format, .wav, .wave) Video file formats/codecs Mobile devices support various video file formats and codecs, which respectively store and code/decode digital video data. Video file formats/codecs 3GPP (3rd Generation Partnership Project, .3gp) AVI (Audio Video Interleaved, .avi) DivX (.avi, .divx, .mkv) H.263 H.264 / MPEG-4 Part 10 / AVC video MKV (Matroska Multimedia Container, .mkv .mk3d .mka .mks) MP4 (MPEG-4 Part 14, .mp4, .m4a, .m4p, .m4b, .m4r, .m4v) Xvid Battery The batteries of mobile devices differ in capacity and technology. They provide the electrical charge needed for the functioning of the devices. Capacity 4000 mAh (milliampere-hours) Type Li-Ion 2G talk time 15 h (hours) 900 min (minutes) 0.6 days 2G stand-by time 220 h (hours) 13200 min (minutes) 9.2 days 3G talk time 15 h (hours) 900 min (minutes) 0.6 days 3G stand-by time 220 h (hours) 13200 min (minutes) 9.2 days Features Non-removable. Brand name of the company that manufactures the device.. Аlternative names, under which the model is known.. the horizontal side of the device when it is used in its standard orientation.. the vertical side of the device when it is used in its standard orientation.. Information about the thickness/depth of the device in different measurement units.. Information about the weight of the device in different measurement units.. Estimated volume of the device, calculated from the dimensions provided by the manufacturer. Applies for devices in the form of a rectangular parallelepiped.. Information about the colors, in which the device is available in the market.. Materials used in the fabrication of the device's body.. Information about the standards, in which the device is certified.. Information about the type and size (form factor) of the SIM card used in the device.. Information about the number of SIM cards, supported by the device.. GSM (Global System for Mobile Communications) was developed to replace the analog cellular network (1G), therefore it is referred to as a 2G mobile network. It has been improved with the addition of General Packet Radio Services (GPRS) and later via the Enhanced Data rates for GSM Evolution (EDGE) technology.. UMTS stands for Universal Mobile Telecommunications System. Based on the GSM standard, it is deemed as a 3G mobile network standard. It has been developed by the 3GPP and its major advantage is the provision of greater bandwidth and spectral efficiency, due to the W-CDMA technology.. LTE is deemed to be the fourth generation (4G) of mobile communications technology. It has been developed by the 3GPP based on the GSM/EDGE and UMTS/HSPA technologies in order to increase the speed and capacity of wireless data networks. A further development of the technology is called LTE Advanced.. There are several network technologies that enhance the performance of mobile networks mainly by increased data bandwidth. Information about the communication technologies supported by the device and their respective uplink and downlink bandwidth.. Information about the operating system used by the device as well as its version.. The SoC integrates different hardware components such as the CPU, GPU, memory, peripherals, interfaces, etc., as well as software for their functioning.. Information about the process technology used in manufacturing the chip. The value in nanometers represents half the distance between elements that make up the CPU.. CPU is the Central Processing Unit or the processor of a mobile device. Its main function is to interpret and execute instructions contained in software applications.. The CPU bits are determined by the bit-size of the processor registers, address buses and data buses. 64-bit CPUs provide better performance than 32-bit ones, which on their part perform better than 16-bit processors.. The instruction set architecture (ISA) is a set of commands used by the software to manage the CPU's work. Information about the set of instructions the processor can execute.. The cache memory is used by the processor in order to shorten the time needed to access data and instructions that a frequently used. The L1 (level 1) cache memory has a small volume, but operates faster than the RAM and the rest cache memory levels. If the processor does not find the data needed in L1, it continues to look for it in the L2 cache memory. In some processors the search in L1 and L2 is simultaneous.. The L2 (level 2) cache memory is slower than L1, but has a larger capacity, instead, which allows it to cache more data. Just like L1, it is much faster than the system memory (RAM). If the CPU does not find the data needed in L2, it proceeds to look for them in the L3 cache memory (if there is such) or in the RAM.. A CPU core is the processor unit, which executes software instructions. Presently, besides single-core processors, there are dual-core, quad-core, hexa-core and so on multi-core processors. They increase the performance of the device allowing the execution of multiple instructions in parallel.. The frequency of the processor describes its clock rate in cycles per second. It is measured in Megahertz (MHz) or Gigahertz (GHz).. GPU is a graphical processing unit, which handles computation for 2D/3D graphics applications. In mobile devices GPU is usually utilized by games, UI, video playback, etc. GPU can also perform computation in applications traditionally handled by the CPU.. Similar to the CPU, the GPU consists of processing units called cores. They handle the computation of graphics in various applications.. The frequency is the clock rate of the graphic processor (GPU), which is measured in Megahertz (MHz) or Gigahertz (GHz).. RAM (Random-Access Memory) is used by the operating system and all installed applications. Data in the RAM is lost after the device is turned off or restarted.. Information about the type of RAM used by the device.. Information about the number of RAM channels integrated in the SoC. More channels mean higher data transfer rates.. RAM frequency relates directly to the rate of reading/writing from/in the RAM memory.. Information about the capacity of the built-in storage of the device. Sometimes one and the same model may is offered in variants with different internal storage capacity.. The various types of memory cards are characterized by different sizes and capacity. Information about the supported types of memory cards.. One of the main characteristics of the display is its type/technology, on which depends its performance.. In mobile devices display size is represented by the length of its diagonal measured in inches.. The ratio between the long and the short side of the display. The display resolution shows the number of pixels on the horizontal and vertical side of the screen. The higher the resolution is, the greater the detail of the displayed content.. Information about the number of pixels per centimeter (ppcm) or per inch (ppi) of the display. The higher the pixel density, the more detailed and clearer is the information displayed on the screen.. The color depth of the display is also known as bit depth. It shows the number of bits used for the color components of one pixel. Information about the maximum number of colors the screen can display.. The estimated percentage of the screen area from the device's front area.. Information about other functions and features of the display.. Sensors vary in type and purpose. They increase the overall functionality of the device, in which they are integrated.. Digital cameras use image sensors for taking photos. The sensor characteristics are some of the main factors determining the quality of the camera integrated in the mobile device.. Cameras of mobile devices use mainly a LED or a Xenon flash. The LED flash has a softer burst of light and in contrast to the much brighter Xenon flash, is used for recording videos as well.. One of the main characteristics of the cameras of mobile devices is their resolution, which shows the number of pixels on the horizontal and vertical dimensions of the image.. Information about the maximum resolution available for shooting a video with the device.. Information about the maximum number of frames per second (fps), supported by the device while recording a video at maximum resolution. Some of the main standard frame rates for recording and playing video are 24p, 25p, 30p, 60p.. Information about additional software and hardware features of the privamery camera, which improve its overall performance.. Information about the maximum image resolution of the secondary camera. Often, the resolution of the secondary camera is lower than the one of the primary camera.. Information about the maximum resolution available for shooting a video by the secondary camera.. Information about the maximum number of frames per second (fps), supported by the secondary camera while recording a video at maximum resolution.. The loudspeaker is a device, which reproduces various sounds such as ring tones, alarms, music, voice calls, etc. Information about the type of speakers the device uses.. Information whether the device has an FM radio receiver or not.. The tracking/positioning service is provided by various satellite navigation systems, which track the autonomous geo-spatial positioning of the device that supports them. The most common satellite navigation systems are the GPS and the GLONASS. There are also non-satellite technologies for locating mobile devices such as the Enhanced Observed Time Difference, Enhanced 911, GSM Cell ID.. Wi-Fi communication between devices is realized via the IEEE 802.11 standards. Some devices have the possibility to serve as Wi-Fi Hotspots by providing internet access for other nearby devices. Wi-Fi Direct (Wi-Fi P2P) is another useful standard that allows devices to communicate with each other without the need for wireless access point (WAP).. The technology has several versions, which improve the connection speed, range, connectivity and discoverability of the devices. Information about the Bluetooth version of the device.. Bluetooth uses various profiles and protocols related to faster exchange of data, energy saving, better device discoverability, etc. Some of those supported by the device are listed here.. There are several USB connector types: the Standard one, the Mini and Micro connectors, On-The-Go connectors, etc. Type of the USB connector used by the device.. There are several versions of the Universal Serial Bus (USB) standard: USB 1.0 (1996), the USB 2.0 (2000), the USB 3.0 (2008), etc. With each following version the rate of data transfer is increased.. Тhe USB interface in mobile devices may be used for different purposes such as battery charging, using the device as a mass storage, host, etc.. Information whether the device is equipped with a 3.5 mm audio jack.. Information about some of the most widely used connectivity technologies supported by the device.. Information about some of the features and standards supported by the browser of the device.. List of some of the most common audio file formats and codecs supported standardly by the device.. List of some of the most common video file formats and codecs supported standardly by the device.. The capacity of a battery shows the maximum charge, which it can store, measured in mili-Ampere hours.. The battery type is determined by its structure and more specifically, by the chemicals used in it. There are different battery types and some of the most commonly used in mobile devices are the lithium-ion (Li-Ion) and the lithium-ion polymer battery (Li-Polymer).. 2G talk time is the time period a battery charge will last, if one is constantly talking on the phone in a 2G cellular network.. 2G stand-by time is the longest time a battery charge will last, if the device is not used but is constantly connected to the 2G cellular network.. 3G talk time is the time period a battery charge will last, if one is constantly talking on the phone in a 3G cellular network.. 3G stand-by time is the longest time a battery charge will last, if the device is not used but is constantly connected to the 3G mobile network.. Information about some additional features of the device's battery.. Provide information about, which of the published data you want to be edited as well as a reliable source, which confirms the accuracy of the information you suggest *. Enter the characters from the image: *. Dimensions : 76.2 x 150.8 x 11.1 mm Weight : 206 g SoC : MediaTek MT6737 CPU : ARM Cortex-A53, 1300 MHz, Cores : 4 GPU : ARM Mali-T720 MP1, 600 MHz RAM : 2 GB, 640 MHz Storage : 16 GB Display : 5.2 in, IPS, 720 x 1280 pixels, 24 bit Battery : 4000 mAh, Li-Ion OS : Android 6.0 Marshmallow Camera : 4160 x 3120 pixels, 1280 x 720 pixels, 30 fps. The information on this website is provided on "as is, as available basis" without warranty of any kind. DeviceSpecifications is not responsible for any omissions, inaccuracies or other errors in the information it publishes. All warranties with respect to this information are disclaimed. Reproduction of any part of this website in its entirety or partially or in any form or medium without prior written permission is prohibited. The trademarks, marques and logos of the manufacturers of devices, software, hardware, etc. are the property of their respective owners.. 
ENGLISH  MENU. You can manage your notification subscription by clicking on the icon. You are Blocked.Please unblock to get news alerts. Click Here to know more.. Also available in: हिन्दी ಕನ್ನಡ മലയാളം தமிழ் తెలుగు বাংলা ગુજરાતી. News Mobile Telecom Wearables Home-Entertainment Apps Laptop Camera Tablet Gaming. Reviews Mobiles Wearables Home-Entertainment Apps Laptops/PC Tablets. How-To Tips and Tricks Mobile Feature Wearable Feature Home-Entertainment Feature Social Media Feature Apps Feature. Gallery Mobiles Concepts Laptops Reviews Wearables Tablets. Videos Reviews How-to First Impression Unboxing Interviews Features. New Devices Search Mobiles Search Laptops Recent Launches Upcoming Mobiles Compare Mobiles Top 10 Mobiles. Energizer announces ENERGY E520 LTE smartphone. Energizer announces ENERGY E520 LTE smartphone. Energy 520 LTE is backed by a 4000 mAh battery which the company claims can last up to 9 days in standby mode and 15 hours while using the device with single charge.. Published: Thursday, February 1, 2018, 16:30 [IST]. Avenir Telecom which comes under the Energizer brand introduced its latest model of smartphone Energy E520 LTE. THE Energizer Energy E520 LTE is IP68 rating shock and water resistant smartphone which is equipped with a huge 400mAh battery along with 5.2 inch HD display.. The Energizer ENERGY E520 LTE is a tough smartphone with an 11.1 mm thickness of the body. As mentioned above, the Energy 520 LTE is backed by a 4000 mAh battery which the company claims can last up to 9 days in standby mode and 15 hours while using the device with single charge. The smartphones features Intelligent Power Saving technology to optimize every milliampere of the battery without any wastage.. The Energizer Energy 520 is waterproof and dust resistant and has undergone resistance testing and it complies with IP68 standard. The Energy 520 can withstand water up to 1.5 meters deep for 30 minutes. The smartphone also uses a Corning Gorrila Glass 3 for screen protection and the company claims that the device can withstand a fall of up to 1.5 meters.. The Energizer Energy E520 LTE features 13MP rear camera along with a 5MP front camera which are both created by Sony. The rear camera also has a Beauty Face function and offers crisp, bright and vibrant videos even underwater, claims the company.. The Google Play Store offers over 2 million apps for download and is a popular Android mobile platform using which users can customize Energizer Energy 520 LTE as per their requirement. The updates are carried out automatically via the mobile network or via Wi-Fi with the FOTA (Firmware Over-The-Air) function.. The Energizer Energy E520 LTE is powered by MediaTek MT6737 Quad Core 1.3 GHz processor for high-speed navigation, communication, streaming and playing games. The device is LTE CAT 4 and is able to reach 150/50 Mbps. The Energizer Energy E520 offers a high-speed connection. The smartphone is also equipped with VoLTE (Voice over LTE) and features a Hybrid Dual SIM slot. The device can support two SIM cards or one SIM card and One SD card (up to 32GB). The Energizer E 520 has a compass sensor that turns the Energizer into a real compass and the Proximity sensor can detect the changes in distance between objects and smartphones. This allows the screen to turn off during a call to save power.. We still need to get our hands on a unit to test its performance and verify all the claims made by the company.. For all tech related news stay tuned at www.gizbot.com. Gizbot Stay updated with latest technology news & gadget reviews. news | Mobile | android | smartphone. Story first published: Thursday, February 1, 2018, 16:30 [IST]. Other articles published on Feb 1, 2018. Huawei's budget smartphone Y3 (2018) live images and specs leaked online Sony has a surprise launch for MWC 2018: Three Xperia models incoming COAI Data: Bharti Airtel continues to hold the top position. DELIVERED TO YOUR INBOX FOR FREE. বাংলা ગુજરાતી हिन्दी ಕನ್ನಡ മലയാളം தமிழ் తెలుగు. News Gear Tablet Laptop Mobile Gadgets Features How-To Gadget Finder. Filmibeat Boldsky Drivespark Goodreturns Native Planet Careerindia Clickin. About Us | Terms of Service | Privacy Policy | RSS | Contact Us | Site Feedback | Sitemap. © Greynium Information Technologies Pvt. Stay updated with latest technology news & gadget reviews - Gizbot. 
Pdevice.com: Review, Specification, Price, Compare, Tech News & Details of Mobile Phone and Electronics Gadget Online. How to check that all the Device Drivers are installed properly…. How to select your Mouse Primary Button Left or Right in…. How to Managed Bluetooth Device (Turned on and Off) on Your…. How to Uninstall, Installed Driver from Windows 10 PC using Device…. Energizer Energy E520 LTE Smartphone Full Specification. Processor (Clock) : Quad-core 1.3GHz Cortex-A53. Memory : 2GB, LPDDR3, 640MHz. Screen (Size & Type) : 5.2 inches IPS, HD. Camera Overview : 13 MP / 5 MP. OS Version : Android 6.0 Marshmallow. The product overall rating and highlights is based on review by our technical experts. All ratings have been selected out of 10.. Body & Design (look and feel). Model – Energy E520 LTE. Alternative Names – Energy E520 4G. Device Type – Android 4G Smartphone. CPU – Quad-core 1.30GHz ARM Cortex-A53, CPU Clock. Chipset – MediaTek MT6737, 64-bit Processor. GPU – ARM Mali-T720 MP2, 600MHz, GPU. Camera – 13 Megapixel with Dual-LED Flash and AF Dual Rear Camera | 5 Megapixel Front camera. Memory – RAM- 2GB, LPDDR3, 640MHz | ROM 16GB External Memory Support up to 32GB (Uses SIM 2 Slot). Display – Screen size 5.2 inches IPS, HD Display (1280 x 720 Pixels). Battery – Removable 4,000mAh Lithium-ion. SIM – Dual SIM (Nano-SIM + Nano-SIM/microSD), Dual Standby. Sensors – Accelerometer, Proximity, Light Sensor, Fingerprint (rear Mounted), Compass. Operating System – Android 6.0 Marshmallow OS. I/O Interface – 1 x Nano SIM card, 1 x Nano SIM card / TF card, Micro USB 2.0, 3.5mm Audio Out Port, Power Button, Volume Button, Microphone, Speaker. Dimensions – 150.8 mm x 76.2 mm x 11.1 mm. Weight – 206 Grams (with Battery). More Feature – LTE Cat-4,. IP68 certified dust and waterproof, MIL-STD-810G compliant, EDGE, Bluetooth, GPS, A-GPS, Micro USB, Rugged Device, Dual SIM, Wi-Fi, FM Radio, Dual Camera Setup, Dual SIM, IPS, HD Display, Plastic Mix Body.. Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window). Each device built on different configuration and platform or operating so here we have divided the devices on their operating system such as Android, Windows, iOS etc. Device brand including their model number,. The initial public announcement by a company or brand for its upcoming gadgets or device with few or full information till its release date.. The release date is the date in which a release was made available through some sort of distribution mechanism. For example, this may be via a online or offline retail store, being published as a available to sale on a website or distributed to industry insiders. the device is available in the market, upcoming device or the company or brand have close the productivity of gadgets. Design Type is a combination of smartphone's size, style, dimensions, weight, color, layout. Mainly there are three types of form factors seen in mobile phones and other computing devices such as bar phones, folding phones, and sliding phones. height, width, and length of the computing device measures in mm, cm. 5.94 in x 3 in x 0.44 in. Display Technology => There are number of display technology available for computing devices such as TFT (Thin Film Transistor), IPS (In-Place Switching), OLED (Organic Light Emitting Diode), AMOLED (Active-Matrix Organic Light-Emitting Diode), Super AMOLED (an advanced version of AMOLED) and there are two types of touchscreen displays Resistive Touchscreen (Resistive touchscreens not only works with human skin but also with stylus pen) and Capacitive Touchscreen (only work with human skin). Display size of each computing device is measured diagonally in inches, cm, or mm. Display Colors refer to the number of different shades of colors that the device screen is capable of displaying mostly there is three display color - 64K colors, 256K colors and 16 million colors used and 16M is the highest available range of colors and better than others.16M display color used in more advanced computing device such as Smartphone , Tablet or Gaming console while the 256K or 64K colors are used for basic handset and entry level computing devices.. Information about the number of pixels per inch of the device screen. The higher the pixels density of any device, the more detailed and clearer content (Image, Video,Graphics, etc) will be shown on the display. Display Protection => is must have feature for all computing device, especially in Smartphone segment there is different-different technology for protecting the display from scratches, drops, water, dust, and bumps of everyday use.Most common display protection technology are corning gorilla glass, Tempered glass, Scratch resistant glass, Full lamination technology, OGS, and More. So whenever you buy a new device you should always consider the smartphone having display protection feature.. Display supports various kind of features such as Contrast ratio, NTSC, 2.5D curved glass, OLED, AMOLED and more features. Some device comes with second display feature along with primary display, usually found in mobile phone. Screen to Body Ratio shows the total number of area covered by the gadget display, if the % is higher it's good for users.. 1280 x 720 Pixels, 24 bit color depth. ~ 282 PPI Pixel per inch. ~ 282 PPI Pixel Per Inch. Capacitive Multi-touch up to 5 fingers. Supported Camera Type in the device, dual or single camera. Primary Camera is usually placed on the back side of Smartphone to capture photos and videos. The main attribute of camera are the resolution (measured in Megapixels), lens focus type (automatic or manual). High megapixels mobile can take higher quality pictures and videos but it does not always the quality parameter as there are other factors also responsible for high-quality picture so we can't predict the camera quality by just looking at its megapixels. Good Camera plays important role for any Gadgets it comes with many features such as Autofocus, Continuous shooting, Digital image stabilization, Digital zoom, Face detection, Geotagging, HDR ISO settings, Panorama, Scene mode, Self-timer, Touch focus, White balance settings, PDAF etc. Flash Light => Flashlight are very important in camera for enhancing the picture quality in low-light condition.LED Flash and Xenon Flash are two most common flashlights are used in mobile phones.LED flashlight provides lower power consumption with drive circuitry which takes up little room and can be strobed faster than any other light Source while the Xenon Flash offers an extremely intense full-spectrum white light for a very short duration. secondary camera or front camera in the device like selfies camera in Smartphone, the user can click his own photo using this camera. Dual Camera Set UP (One Front + One Back). Chipset is the main part of any computing device such as Mobile, Laptop, Smartwatch, Camera, Tablet etc each one runs on a chipset or SoC which includes CPU, GPU, and Cache memory.Chipset is integrated circuit designed to perform some specific task and popular devices come with more advanced chipset which can perform many different tasks according to their design and programming capabilities. CPU Central Processing Unit or processors,its main function is to interpret and execute instructions in the computing device .Mostly we measure CPU capacity in GHz or MHz with the number of the core such as 2-core, 4-core, 8-core, 10-core etc.Always look for high-power processor first whenever you will purchase a new device. Number of Cores for processor on the device. GPU Stands for Graphics Processing Unit is a single-chip processor designed to rapidly rapid mathematical calculations, primarily for the purpose of rendering images, This includes things such as lighting effects, object transformations, and 3D motion and it is also responsible for high-performance gaming graphics a good GPU always have such kind of power to control the gaming graphics.The common GPU for mobile devices are Qualcomm Adreno, Intel HD graphics, PowerVR, ARM-Mlai etc. RAM (Random Access Memory) is a type of computer memory that can be accessed randomly, and used by Operating system and installed application in the computing device data in the RAM temporarily stored means it will be lost whenever the device is turn off or restarted. Internal Storage also known as secondary memory or ROM is a data storage space (flash memory) mostly used in smartphones, tablets and other electronic devices where operating system, apps, music, photos, videos, files and other content stored.There two types of internal memory expansion expandable and non-expandable. Cache Memory is also known as CPU memory having large cache memory improve the performance of the device.Cache memory is categorized as levels such as Level 1 (L1) cache, Level 2 (L2) cache, and Level 3 (L3) cache. Memory Speed measured in MHz or GHz. External Memory Card Slot is a special slot for inserting a memory card. Memory cards allow you to expand the phone's internal storage, A memory card is a small storage memory used to store content such as text, pictures, audio, and video, for use on small, portable or remote computing devices such as mobile phones, mp3 players, digital cameras. Sensors are electronic components which increased the functionality of any computing device in which they are embedded sensors detects and responds to some type of input from the physical environment. Quad-core 1.5 GHz Cortex-A53 Clock Speed. Yes External Memory Support up to 32GB (Uses SIM 2 Slot). Each mobile device works on the wireless network and these networks are divided into different category such as 2G, 3G, 4G further they are subdivided into the category like GSM, UMTS, LTE on different bands. 2G stands for the second-generation wireless telephone network.It works on Standard like GSM, D-AMPS, PDC.2G Networks supports Digital voice services and slow data transmission (2.5G (GPRS) or 2.75G (EDGE) ) but these networks are faster than analog (1G) systems. 3G stands for the third generation wireless telephone network in compare of 2G it supports faster data speed, always-on data access, better voice transmission capacity.UMTS,WCDMA, Ev-Do are the main standard of 3G technology. 4G stands for the fourth generation of wireless telephone network it is more efficient and faster in terms of data rate, voice transmission and it is very different technology in compare of 3G.The most common standard are LTE (Long Term Evolution) and Mobile WiMAX. SIM stands for Subscriber Identity Module which securely stores subscriber's information such as phone numbers and text messages. Users can easily switch SIM card from one mobile set to another. SIM card is responsible for communication among several mobile devices using different kinds of networks such as GSM, UMTS, LTE etc. Smartphone comes with Single SIM or Dual SIM slot.. GSM: 850 / 900 / 1800 / 1900 MHz. LTE: 1(2100), 3(1800), 7(2600), 8(900), 20(800), 28 (700) MHz. Yes with Hybrid Dual SIM Support. OS => Operating System responsible for all basic operations of the device ( smartphone, PDAs, tablet computers, drones, smartwatch and other handheld devices). The Operating System manages and controls the functions of the hardware components of the computing device. There are numbers of OS such as Android, Windows, iOS, BlackBerry and more. UI or user interface (f human–machine interaction) of a device is the look and feel of the on-screen menu system. How it works, its color scheme, how it responds to button presses, all of these things are part of the user interface. Facebook its no 1 popular free social networking site which allows users to create a free account and adds your friends or family in your social list to chat with them, upload photos, videos, video chat and send messages via the internet and keep in touch with friends,Each Smartphone supports Facebook app. Youtube is a popular free video-sharing website, Youtube is the largest video sharing site in the world, Millions of users around the world have created accounts on the site that allow them to upload videos that anyone can watch. Twitter is global microblogging social media website, you can use twitter application on your smartphone, tablet. Microblogging is a broadcast medium that exists in the form of blogging. A microblog differs from a traditional blog in that its content is typically smaller in both actual and aggregated file size. Audio Player, Google Play Store, Google Maps, Google Navigation, Flashlight, Email, Clock, E-book, Calendar, Calculator, Notebook, World Clock, Stopwatch, Browser, FM Radio, Sound Recorder, Vas Apps. Multimedia Features (Audio, Video and Images). Which type of audio playback supported by the device as there are number of audio format such as WAV, AAC, AMR, MP3, WMA, MIDI, FLAC, etc. FM is a VHF broadcasting technology which uses frequency modulation (FM) to transfer sound over the broadcasting radio. Alert types are types of sound which notify the users when someone sends notifications like a phone call, message, email etc. Yes Support WAV, AAC+, AMR, AAC, eAAC+, MIDI, WMA, MP3. Yes Support 3GP, H.263, WMV, FLV, MP4, H.265, H.264, MKV. Yes Support JPEG, PNG, GIF, BMP. Yes with 3.5mm Audio Out Port. Wi-Fi is a popular wireless networking technology which provides wireless data connection between various device using radio waves it uses the IEEE 802.11 stands for communication. USB required for transfer or sync the data from one computing device to another such as from Smartphone to computer. Bluetooth is wireless communications technology for exchanging data between mobile phones, headsets, personal computers and other network devices over brief distances without wiring, Bluetooth technology was mostly designed to support simple wireless networking of personal consumer devices. There are different-different types of Bluetooth Profile (A2DP, HID, LE etc) available in each device for exchanging different content within a short distance.. GPS Stands for Global Positioning System is a satellite-based radio navigation technology using it users can track their position, velocity and the time 24 hours a day, in all weather, anywhere in the world, the most common GPS technology are GPS and the GLONASS. NFC stands for Near field communication is a set of short-range wireless communication standards for smartphones and similar computing devices to establish peer-to-peer (P2P) radio communications with each other by touching them together.It works on smaller range around 10cm. HDMI Stands for (High-Definition Multimedia Interface) most commonly used for. transferring video data and digital audio data from a HDMI- device (Smartphone, Tablet, Laptop) to a compatible computer monitor, video projector, digital television, or digital audio device. Infrared (IR) connectivity is an old wireless technology which uses an infrared light to transfer information between two electronic devices over short-range. Wi-Fi 802.11 b/g/n, 2.4GHz, Wi-Fi Hotspot. Micro USB 2.0 with Charging and Mass Storage Function. Yes Bluetooth v4.0 with Following Profile. GPRS GPRS stands for General Packet Radio Service it is also known as GSM-IP is global system mobile communications internet protocol which works in 2G and 3G cellular networks.It provides data speed up to 40 kbps which enable mobile devices to access the internet at a Similar speed of dial-up modem and it is used for wireless data transfer like sharing pictures, text, video or browse the internet via mobile phone connection. EDGE (Enhanced Data Rate for GSM Environment) also known as also known as Enhanced GPRS or EGPRS is a wireless network technology generally considered the next step in the 2G network offers data transfer rates up to four times faster than ordinary GSM networks, Generally, EDGE is used for the purpose of wireless data transfer, such as sharing pictures and videos or browsing the Internet via a mobile phone connection. Data Speed supports by any computing device such as Smartphone, Tablet, Computer, Laptop etc mostly it measured in Mbps (Mega bit per second).A good device always supports faster data speed. Web Browser => used to access information on the world wide web such as text, image, video, audio here we have listed some of the common browsers supported by the device.. LTE Cat-4, 150 Mbps Download and 50 Mbps Upload Over 4G. Google Chrome, Support WAP, HTML, HTML5 Browsers. SMS (Short Messaging Service) is a text messaging service through which users can send text messages up to 160-224 characters to mobile devices such as cell phone, smartphone, and PDAs. MMS stands for Multimedia Messaging Service and it is used for sending multimedia message from one device to another device such as audio clips, video clips, images, text.. Email Email Stands for Electronic mail which used for sending and storing message it just like sending a physical letter.The user can send text messages, images, and other attachments to the recipient using the internet. You can create your account with Gmail, Yahoo, Hotmail or any other without any cost and its necessary to receive any message over internet and email address is unique to each user. IM stands for Instant Messaging is an exchange of text messages through a software application in real time, it enable users to create a kind of private chat room (for example Yahoo! Messenger and Apple's iChat ) with another user in order to communicate in real time over the Internet.. SMS, MMS, Email, Push Mail, IM, Hangouts. Battery Type => The battery is most important part of any electronics device and they powered by different-different kind of battery such as there are basically four types of cell phone batteries Lithium Polymer, Lithium Ion, Nickel Metal Hydride and Nickel Cadmium. Battery Capacity which measure typically in Amp-hr which tells users that how much of the charge stored by the battery. The battery capacity represents the maximum amount of power that can be run any computing device under certain conditions. A good battery always provides consistent power but it also depends on the quality of device, processor, and design. Standby Time is the longest time a phone can remain in the power during single battery charge while the device will not be in active use but constantly connected to the GSM network.. Talk Time is the total time a battery can power a phone under perfect conditions, talk time requires more power and much shorter than standby time. Music play time of the device in hours. The capacity of battery to play video on device. Time interval between charging a battery from 0 to 100%. Package Contents: What Accessories is included with this device when you Buy This item from Store,. What is inside the package box.. User Reviews and Discussion about Gadget. Be the first to add a Review. Body & Design (look and feel):. is this price is good for this device or not. 6 / 10 based on your selection. Please post a user review only if you have / had this product.. You May Be Interested in Other Models from Other Brand. T-bao Tbook Air Laptop Full Specification. MSI GL62M 7REX-1650CN Gaming Laptop Full Specification. Nomu S30 Mini Smartphone Full Specification. T-bao Tbook R8 Laptop Full Specification. Gadgets Finder – Search Gadget Here. Up to 50% Off On Mobile Phone. Sony Xperia XZ2 Smartphone Full Specification. Huawei MediaPad M5 8 Tablet Full Specification. Huawei MediaPad M5 8 Wi-Fi Tablet Full Specification. Huawei MediaPad M5 10 Pro Wi-Fi Tablet Full Specification. Huawei MediaPad M5 10 Wi-Fi Tablet Full Specification. Alcatel 1T 10 Tablet Full Specification. LG Signature Edition Smartphone Full Specification. Samsung Galaxy S8 G950FD Dual SIM Smartphone Full Specification. Samsung Galaxy S9 Exynos Smartphone Full Specification. Samsung Galaxy S8 G9500 Smartphone Full Specification. Google Pixel XL Smartphone Full Specification. Samsung Galaxy S8 G950F Smartphone Full Specification. LG V30S ThinQ vs LG V30S+ ThinQ Comparison. ZTE Tempo Go vs ZTE Blade V9 Vita Comparison. Alcatel 1X vs Alcatel 1C Comparison. Alcatel 1X vs Alcatel 3X Comparison. MGCOOL Band 3 Companion App Helps You to Carve More. Samsung Galaxy J7 Neo Smartphone Full Specification. JGAURORA A5 Updated Large Printing Size 3D Printer Just for $359.99 – GearBest Coupon. VOYO i7 Notebook with i7 6500U, 8GB RAM Just for $599.32, Flat $40 GearBest Promo Code. Xiaomi YI 4K+ Action Camera 60fps 120Mbps Only for $249.99, Geekbuying Coupon Code. XDUOO Nano D3 Lossless Music MP3 HiFi Music Player GearBest $6.91 Promo Code. Xiaomi Mi 6 Smartphone with 5.2 inch Display, MIUI 8, Snapdragon 835 Chip Just for $409, GearBest Coupon Code. HBQ – I7 TWS Bluetooth Stereo Double Headsets HD Call for $15.39, GearBest Coupon Code. News 357 How to 252 Samsung 65 Coupons & Deals 63 Xiaomi 39 Apple 36 LG 35 Huawei 35. We Suggest You The Best Smartphone with Great Features. Brand Name (specific brand gadget you want). www.pdevice.com is one of the most useful and informative website where you will get tech news, gadget info such as review and specification, price, compare, site about Smartphone,Tablets, Laptops, smartwatch, vr headset tech specs and lot more about electronics gadgets all around the globe. We provide you with the latest information about electronics gadgets , tips and tricks about gadgets .. © Copyright © 2018 - www.pdevice.com. 
Drill into information and properties on all devices or contribute information with the Device Browser .. Use the Data Explorer to explore and analyze DeviceAtlas data.. Check our available device properties from our Property List .. Test a User-Agent with the User-Agent Tester .. Device Name HTML5 Hardware Streaming Environment Video Player Web Browser Audio Player JavaScript DRM Network Protocols JavaVM Beta Properties where you helped where you can help conflicted values dynamic properties client-side properties. See all Energizer devices >> Energizer Energy E520 LTE. Log in or sign up for a free DeviceAtlas account to see all available device capabilities.. The company/organisation that provides a device, browser or other component to the market. It can be a manufacturer, mobile operator or other organisation exclusively offering a product.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. The model name of a device, browser or some other component (e.g. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. The marketing name for a device.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. Primary organisation creating (not necessarily assembling) the device.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. This is the year that the device was released (or announced). Please login to add your opinion for this property.. True if the device is meant for use on the move.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. User may touch the screen to interact with the device.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. The total number of addressable pixels in the horizontal direction of a rectangular display when held in its default orientation. The Property does not apply to displays that are not rectangular or square.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. The total number of addressable pixels in the vertical direction of a rectangular display when held in its default orientation. The Property does not apply to displays that are not rectangular or square.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. The diagonal dimension of the screen in inches.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. The pixel density of the Device's screen. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. Ratio between physical pixels and device-independent pixels (dips) on the browser.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. The color depth of a display.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. The device has NFC (Near Field Communication) hardware.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. Megapixels of the camera if the device has one.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. The device is a mobile phone.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. The device is a tablet device.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. The device is a reading device.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. The device is a games console.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. The device is a set-top box.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. The device is a media player.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. The version number of a component (e.g. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. The supplier of the operating system.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. The name of the Operating System installed on the device. This can be used as a substitute for the boolean OS properties.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. The general group name of the operating system (eg. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. The Operating System initial version installed on the device.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. The device is distributed with Android OS pre-installed.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. The device is distributed with Bada OS pre-installed.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. The device is distributed with iOS pre-installed.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. The device is distributed with RIM OS pre-installed.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. The device is distributed with Symbian OS pre-installed.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. The device is distributed with Windows Mobile pre-installed.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. The device is distributed with Windows Phone pre-installed.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. The device is distributed with Windows RT OS pre-installed.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. The device is distributed with WebOS pre-installed.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. The device is distributed with a proprietary OS pre-installed.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. Commercial name of the developer platform if any (Nokia Series 40, Sony Ericsson Java Platform, etc).. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. If the device was built around a Developer Platform, which version.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. The supplier of the web browser.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. The name or type of the browser on the device.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. The browser version on the device.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. The name or type of the browser rendering engine used by the browser.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. The ability of the web browser to render a page using XHTML Basic 1.0.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. The ability of the web browser to render a page using XHTML-MP 1.0.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. The ability of the web browser to render a page using XHTML-MP 1.1.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. The ability of the web browser to render a page using XHTML-MP 1.2.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. The ability of the web browser to render a page using WML.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. The ability of the web browser to download and open the device's address book when a vCard URI is used.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. The ability to display a GIF87 image embedded in a mobile web page, using a tag such as img or object.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. The ability to display a GIF89a image embedded in a mobile web page, using a tag such as img or object.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. The ability to display a JPG image embedded in a mobile web page, using a tag such as img or object.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. The ability to display a PNG image embedded in a mobile web page, using a tag such as img or object.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. The horizontal size of the default browser's viewport, expressed in device independent pixels (DIPs), when held in its default orientation and the browser zoom is set to 100%. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. The vertical size of the default browser's viewport, expressed in device independent pixels (DIPs), when held in its default orientation and the browser zoom is set to 100%. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. The ability of the web browser to start a telephone call when a URI is defined with the protocol 'tel' followed by a telephone number (e.g. Verify that the browser behaves as expected.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. The ability of the web browser to start a new SMS message when a URI is defined with the protocol sms followed by a telephone number (e.g. Verify that the browser behaves as expected.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. The ability of the web browser to start a new SMS message when a URI is defined with the protocol smsto followed by a telephone number (e.g. Verify that the browser behaves as expected.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. The ability of a client to store cookies and send them when appropriate.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. The web browser supports the SSL protocol. Support of different certificate authorities is independent from the ability of supporting SSL. Verify that a page protected with SSL is displayed properly.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. Describes the maximum size in bytes for markup in a web page. Some browsers might have a variable memory limit based on the memory used by other applications, in that case 0 will be used.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. Describes the maximum size in bytes for media files embedded in a web page. Some browsers might have a variable memory limit based on the memory used by other applications, in that case 0 will be used.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. Describes the maximum size in bytes for downloaded from a web page and stored locally (e.g. Some browsers might have a variable memory limit based on the memory used by other applications, in that case 0 will be used.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. The device is capable of receiving WAP Push notifications, opening a browser upon user instigation, and following the embedded link.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. JS Support Basic Java Script -. The browser has some level of JavaScript support, typically Alert, Confirm, setInterval, setTimeout.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. The browser's JavaScript engine supports modifying DOM elements.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. The browser's JavaScript engine supports modifying CSS elements.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. The browser's JavaScript engine supports Events.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. The browser's JavaScript engine supports Event Listeners.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. The browser's JavaScript engine supports XMLHttpRequest.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. The browser's JavaScript engine supports console.log().. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. The browser's JavaScript engine supports JSON objects.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. Indicates whether the device supports the DeviceAtlas ClientSide component.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. The device is capable of connecting to CSD (Circuit Switched Data) networks.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. The device is capable of connecting to HS CSD (High Speed Circuit Switched Data) networks.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. The device is capable of connecting to GPRS (General Packet Radio Service) networks.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. The device is capable of connecting to EDGE (Enhanced Data rates for GSM Evolution) networks.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. The device is capable of connecting to HSDPA (High-Speed Downlink Packet Access) networks.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. The device is capable of connecting to UMTS (Universal Mobile Telecommunications System) networks.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. The device is capable of connecting to HSPA+ (Evolved High-Speed Packet Access) networks.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. The device is capable of connecting to LTE (Long Term Evolution) networks.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. The device is capable of connecting to LTE Advanced (Long Term Evolution Advanced) networks.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. The UE Category of the device, defining the combined uplink and downlink capability as specified in 3GPP TS36.306.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. The device is capable of making VoLTE calls. When True, this implies LTE, HD Voice, and AMR-WB are True.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. The device is capable of connecting to WiFi networks.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. The device is capable of seamless call handover between Wi-Fi and VoLTE connections.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. The device natively supports Rich Communication Services as specified in GSMA RCS6.0 UNI.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. The browser supports the audio HTML tag.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. The browser supports the canvas element.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. The browser supports the video HTML tag.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. The browser's JavaScript engine supports Application Cache.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. The browser's JavaScript engine supports Geo Location.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. The browser's JavaScript engine supports indexedDB.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. The browser's JavaScript engine supports Local Storage.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. The browser's JavaScript engine supports Session Storage.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. The browser's JavaScript engine supports Web GL.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. The browser's JavaScript engine supports the Web Sockets API.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. The browser's JavaScript engine supports the Web SQL Database API.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. The browser's JavaScript engine supports the Web Workers API.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. The browser's JavaScript engine supports Device Orientation.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. The browser's JavaScript engine supports Device Motion event.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. The browser's JavaScript engine supports Touch events.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. The browser's JavaScript engine supports the Query Selector.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. Stream 3GP H.264 Level 1.0 -. Support for the streaming of media encoded in the 3GP envelope, with the H264 (MPEG-2 PART 10) codec and in Level 1.0. Verify that the browser behaves as expected.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. Stream 3GP H.264 Level 1.0b -. Support for the streaming of media encoded in the 3GP envelope, with the H264 (MPEG-2 PART 10) codec and in Level 1.0b. Verify that the browser behaves as expected.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. Stream 3GP H.264 Level 1.1 -. Support for the streaming of media encoded in the 3GP envelope, with the H264 (MPEG-2 PART 10) codec and in Level 1.1. Verify that the browser behaves as expected.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. Stream 3GP H.264 Level 1.2 -. Support for the streaming of media encoded in the 3GP envelope, with the H264 (MPEG-2 PART 10) codec and in Level 1.2. Verify that the browser behaves as expected.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. Stream 3GP H.264 Level 1.3 -. Support for the streaming of media encoded in the 3GP envelope, with the H264 (MPEG-2 PART 10) codec and in Level 1.3. Verify that the browser behaves as expected.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. Support for the streaming of media encoded in the 3GP envelope, with the AAC (M4V/MP4) Low Complexity codec. Verify that the browser behaves as expected.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. Support for the streaming of media encoded in the 3GP envelope, with the H263 codec. Verify that the browser behaves as expected.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. Support for the streaming of media encoded in the 3GP envelope, with the AMR audio codec, in Narrow Band. Verify that the browser behaves as expected.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. Support for the streaming of media encoded in the 3GP envelope, with the AMR audio codec, in Wide Band. Verify that the browser behaves as expected.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. Stream MP4 H.264 Level 1.1 -. Support for the streaming of media encoded in the MP4 envelope, with the H264 codec and in Level 1.1. Verify that the browser behaves as expected.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. Stream MP4 H.264 Level 1.3 -. Support for the streaming of media encoded in the MP4 envelope, with the H264 codec and in Level 1.3. Verify that the browser behaves as expected.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. Support for the streaming of media encoded in the MP4 envelope, with the AAC (M4V/MP4) Low Complexity codec. Verify that the browser behaves as expected.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. Support for the HTTP live Streaming protocol.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. The ability to play WMV envelope for video files. The device is able to parse the WMV envelope for video files.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. The ability to play a video that includes audio encoded with QCELP (Qualcomm Code Excited Linear Prediction) codec. The device is able to play videos with audio encoded using QCELP.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. Support for the playback of media encoded in the 3GP envelope, with the H264 (MPEG-2 PART 10) codec and in Level 1.0. Verify that the browser behaves as expected.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. Support for the playback of media encoded in the 3GP envelope, with the H264 (MPEG-2 PART 10) codec and in Level 1.0b. Verify that the browser behaves as expected.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. Support for the playback of media encoded in the 3GP envelope, with the H264 (MPEG-2 PART 10) codec and in Level 1.1. Verify that the browser behaves as expected.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. Support for the playback of media encoded in the 3GP envelope, with the H264 (MPEG-2 PART 10) codec and in Level 1.2. Verify that the browser behaves as expected.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. Support for the playback of media encoded in the 3GP envelope, with the H264 (MPEG-2 PART 10) codec and in Level 1.3. Verify that the browser behaves as expected.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. Support for the playback of media encoded in the 3GP envelope, with the AAC (M4V/MP4) Low Complexity codec. Verify that the browser behaves as expected.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. Support for the playback of media encoded in the 3GP envelope, with the H263 codec. Verify that the browser behaves as expected.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. Support for the playback of media encoded in the 3GP envelope, with the AMR audio codec, in Narrow Band. Verify that the browser behaves as expected.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. Support for the playback of media encoded in the 3GP envelope, with the AMR audio codec, in Wide Band. Verify that the browser behaves as expected.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. Support for the playback of media encoded in the MP4 envelope, with the H264 codec and in Level 1.1. Verify that the browser behaves as expected.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. Support for the playback of media encoded in the MP4 envelope, with the H264 codec and in Level 1.3. Verify that the browser behaves as expected.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. Support for the playback of media encoded in the MP4 envelope, with the AAC (M4V/MP4) Low Complexity codec. Verify that the browser behaves as expected.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. The ability to play MIDI files with not more than 1 note at a time, normally Type 0. The device is able to play the MIDI file as expected.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. The ability to play MIDI files, can be Type 0 or Type 1, may have more than 1 note at a time. The device is able to play the MIDI file as expected.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. The ability to play AMR (Adaptive Multi-Rate) files as defined by 3GPP. The device is able to play the AMR file as expected.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. The ability to play MP3 (MPEG-1 Audio Layer 3) files. The device is able to play the MP3 file as expected.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. The ability to play AAC (Advanced Audio Coding) as defined as part of the MPEG-4 specifications. The device is able to play the AAC file as expected.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. The ability to play QCELP (Qualcomm Code Excited Linear Prediction) audio files. The device is able to play the QCELP file as expected.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. The device is able to open, read and respect the forward lock constraints as defined in the OMA DRM v1.0 specifications.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. The device is able to open, read and respect the combined delivery constraints as defined in the OMA DRM v1.0 specifications.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. The device is able to open, read and respect the separate delivery constraints as defined in the OMA DRM v1.0 specifications.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. The device is able to open, read and respect the download rules as defined in the OMA DRM v1.0 specifications.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. Version number of supported Java MIDP (Mobile Information Device Profile), e.g. The device fully supports JSR 37 or 118 and following as defined by Sun Microsystems.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. Version number of supported Java CLDC (Connected Limited Device Configuration), e.g 1.0. The device fully supports JSR 30 or 139 and following as defined by Sun Microsystems.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. The J2ME virtual machine implements JSR 30. The device fully supports JSR 30 as defined by Sun Microsystems.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. The J2ME virtual machine implements JSR 139. The device fully supports JSR 139 as defined by Sun Microsystems.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. The J2ME virtual machine implements JSR 37. The device fully supports JSR 37 as defined by Sun Microsystems.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. The J2ME virtual machine implements JSR 118. The device fully supports JSR 118 as defined by Sun Microsystems.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. Please login to view the User-Agents for this device (only available for commercial license holders).. To learn more on TAC database, please visit the Device Data for Mobile Operators page.. There was a problem loading the opinions for this property.. This is a property with the read-only access.. Thank you! Your opinion "%s" has been saved.. Thank you! Your opinion has been updated to "%s".. Your opinion "%s" has been removed.. There was a problem saving your opinion. Please try again or contact DeviceAtlas support.. There was a problem updating your opinion. Please try again or contact DeviceAtlas support.. There was a problem removing your opinion. Please try again or contact DeviceAtlas support.. Only integer values are permitted for this property.. Only alphanumeric characters and , _. - ^ / + [space] are permitted for this property.. Only boolean values are permitted for this property.. Please choose or enter an opinion value.. Create amazing web presences on any screen. Learn everything about mobile web technology. Copyright © Afilias Technologies Limited 2018. This is a website of Afilias Technologies Ltd, a private company limited by shares, incorporated and registered in the Republic of Ireland with registered number 398040 and registered office at 6th Floor, 2 Grand Canal Square, Dublin 2, Ireland. By continuing to use the site, you accept our use of cookies. 
Energizer Energy E520 LTE Offers and Deals. Energizer Energy E520 LTE Price by Country. Disclaimer: We are trying to provid latest Mobile Phone prices and Specs, but we cannot guarantee. The latest launched Cell Phones are priced on the basis of international offerings without including shipment costs and taxes.. © Copyrights by Mobile57 2011 to 2017. 
JavaScript seems to be disabled in your browser. You must have JavaScript enabled in your browser to utilize the functionality of this website.. Help Line: (02) 8308814 | Globe: 0995 4596750 | Smart: 0921 5935550. argomall | All the brands of smartphones in one place. 0 items in the shopping cart.. Unfortunately, your shopping cart is empty.. Smartphones Brands Smartwatches Hot! TVs Tablets Laptops Accessories Audio Advanced Search Blog. By operating system Android Apple (iOS) Blackberry Windows Features Easy Pokémon GO ready smartphones Pokémon GO ready smartphones with Gyroscope Pokémon GO ready smartphones without Gyroscope Big screen >5" Dual SIM Maps (Waze) LTE Advanced LTE smartphones Photographer > 18 MP Selfie ready >2 MP Digital TV DLNA USB on the go Virtual Reality Globe Postpaid. Alcatel Apple Asus Blackberry Cherry Mobile Cloudfone Energizer Gionee HTC Huawei Hyundai Infocus Lenovo LG Meizu Motorola MyPhone Nokia OnePlus Oppo Samsung Sony Starmobile SuperD Vivo Xiaomi ZTE. Brands LG Samsung Sony TCL Features Easy Curved TVs TV Screen size 29-inch and below 32-inch - 39-inch 40-inch - 43-inch 46-inch - 49-inch 50-inch - 59-inch 60-inch - 69-inch 70-inch and above. Operating System Android iOS Windows Brands Acer Alcatel Asus Apple Cherry Mobile Cloudfone Huawei Lenovo MyPhone O+ USA Samsung Starmobile Xiaomi Features Easy LTE tablets With SIM Wifi only. Operating System Windows macOS DOS Brands Acer Apple Asus Dell HP Hewlett Packard Lenovo MSI Features Easy Basic Professional Office Gaming Touchscreen Ultrabooks 2 in 1. Spec1al New Action cameras GoPro GoPro accessories Android PC Mobile Broadband Whoosh VR Cables Chargers Covers and Cases Gadgets Headsets Memory cards Miracast Powerbanks Screen protectors Hot Software Speakers. Smartphones By operating system Android Apple (iOS) Blackberry Windows Features Pokémon GO ready smartphones Pokémon GO ready smartphones with Gyroscope Pokémon GO ready smartphones without Gyroscope Big screen >5" Dual SIM Maps (Waze) LTE Advanced LTE smartphones Photographer > 18 MP Selfie ready >2 MP Digital TV DLNA USB on the go Virtual Reality Globe Postpaid Brands Alcatel Apple Asus Blackberry Cherry Mobile Cloudfone Energizer Gionee HTC Huawei Hyundai Infocus Lenovo LG Meizu Motorola MyPhone Nokia OnePlus Oppo Samsung Sony Starmobile SuperD Vivo Xiaomi ZTE Smartwatches TVs Brands LG Samsung Sony TCL Features Curved TVs TV Screen size 29-inch and below 32-inch - 39-inch 40-inch - 43-inch 46-inch - 49-inch 50-inch - 59-inch 60-inch - 69-inch 70-inch and above Tablets Operating System Android iOS Windows Brands Acer Alcatel Asus Apple Cherry Mobile Cloudfone Huawei Lenovo MyPhone O+ USA Samsung Starmobile Xiaomi Features LTE tablets With SIM Wifi only Laptops Operating System Windows macOS DOS Brands Acer Apple Asus Dell HP Hewlett Packard Lenovo MSI Features Basic Professional Office Gaming Touchscreen Ultrabooks 2 in 1 Accessories Spec1al Action cameras GoPro GoPro accessories Android PC Mobile Broadband Whoosh VR Cables Chargers Covers and Cases Gadgets Headsets Memory cards Miracast Powerbanks Screen protectors Software Speakers Audio Apple Beats by Dr. Dre AKG Harman Kardon JBL Advanced Search Blog. 0 items in the shopping cart.. Unfortunately, your shopping cart is empty.. Smartphones Brands Smartwatches Hot! TVs Tablets Laptops Accessories Audio Advanced Search Blog. By operating system Android Apple (iOS) Blackberry Windows Features Easy Pokémon GO ready smartphones Pokémon GO ready smartphones with Gyroscope Pokémon GO ready smartphones without Gyroscope Big screen >5" Dual SIM Maps (Waze) LTE Advanced LTE smartphones Photographer > 18 MP Selfie ready >2 MP Digital TV DLNA USB on the go Virtual Reality Globe Postpaid. Alcatel Apple Asus Blackberry Cherry Mobile Cloudfone Energizer Gionee HTC Huawei Hyundai Infocus Lenovo LG Meizu Motorola MyPhone Nokia OnePlus Oppo Samsung Sony Starmobile SuperD Vivo Xiaomi ZTE. Brands LG Samsung Sony TCL Features Easy Curved TVs TV Screen size 29-inch and below 32-inch - 39-inch 40-inch - 43-inch 46-inch - 49-inch 50-inch - 59-inch 60-inch - 69-inch 70-inch and above. Operating System Android iOS Windows Brands Acer Alcatel Asus Apple Cherry Mobile Cloudfone Huawei Lenovo MyPhone O+ USA Samsung Starmobile Xiaomi Features Easy LTE tablets With SIM Wifi only. Operating System Windows macOS DOS Brands Acer Apple Asus Dell HP Hewlett Packard Lenovo MSI Features Easy Basic Professional Office Gaming Touchscreen Ultrabooks 2 in 1. Spec1al New Action cameras GoPro GoPro accessories Android PC Mobile Broadband Whoosh VR Cables Chargers Covers and Cases Gadgets Headsets Memory cards Miracast Powerbanks Screen protectors Hot Software Speakers. Smartphones By operating system Android Apple (iOS) Blackberry Windows Features Pokémon GO ready smartphones Pokémon GO ready smartphones with Gyroscope Pokémon GO ready smartphones without Gyroscope Big screen >5" Dual SIM Maps (Waze) LTE Advanced LTE smartphones Photographer > 18 MP Selfie ready >2 MP Digital TV DLNA USB on the go Virtual Reality Globe Postpaid Brands Alcatel Apple Asus Blackberry Cherry Mobile Cloudfone Energizer Gionee HTC Huawei Hyundai Infocus Lenovo LG Meizu Motorola MyPhone Nokia OnePlus Oppo Samsung Sony Starmobile SuperD Vivo Xiaomi ZTE Smartwatches TVs Brands LG Samsung Sony TCL Features Curved TVs TV Screen size 29-inch and below 32-inch - 39-inch 40-inch - 43-inch 46-inch - 49-inch 50-inch - 59-inch 60-inch - 69-inch 70-inch and above Tablets Operating System Android iOS Windows Brands Acer Alcatel Asus Apple Cherry Mobile Cloudfone Huawei Lenovo MyPhone O+ USA Samsung Starmobile Xiaomi Features LTE tablets With SIM Wifi only Laptops Operating System Windows macOS DOS Brands Acer Apple Asus Dell HP Hewlett Packard Lenovo MSI Features Basic Professional Office Gaming Touchscreen Ultrabooks 2 in 1 Accessories Spec1al Action cameras GoPro GoPro accessories Android PC Mobile Broadband Whoosh VR Cables Chargers Covers and Cases Gadgets Headsets Memory cards Miracast Powerbanks Screen protectors Software Speakers Audio Apple Beats by Dr. Dre AKG Harman Kardon JBL Advanced Search Blog. Once your order is placed, you'll be contacted by Globe to finalize your application. ₱ 0 / month. Only one item possible in the cart when checkout.. Energizer Energy E520 LTE is IP68 rated, shock-proof up to 1.5m, water-proof in 1.5m of water for 30minutes, and dust-proof. It is a Dual SIM smartphone with 5.2" screen 1280 x 720 pixels. It has 13MP rear camera and 5MP front camera. Under the hood it holds Mediatek MT6737 Quad-core processor at 1.3GHz processing speed. It runs Android Marshmallow operating system with 2GB RAM and 16GB internal memory. It has a battery capacity of 4000mAh and microSD card slot up to 64GB.. Energizer Energy E520 LTE is a Dual SIM smartphone and capacitive touchscreen. It is 5.2” in screen size with 1280 x 720 pixels and 282 PPI density. It is 150.8 x 76.2 x 11.1 mm and weighs about 206 grams.. This smartphone runs on Android operating system with Marshmallow version. It holds Mediatek MT6737 Quad-core processor at 1.3GHz processing speed, with Mali-T720MP2 GPU. It features 2GB RAM and 16GB internal memory with microSD slot expandable up to 64GB.. The selfie camera is 5MP; and rear camera is 13MP with AF and LED flash.. It sports a 4000mAh non-removable Li-Ion battery with microUSB 2.0 connector. The connectivity features include WiFi, Bluetooth, fingerprint sensor, compass, accelerometer, 3G, and LTE connectivity.. Dimensions h x w x d (mm). 150.8 x 76.2 x 11.1 mm. 3G Standby time up to (hours). 850 / 900 / 1900 / 2100. Use single quotes (') for phrases.. is online retailer selling smartphones, tablets and related accessories. Our vision is that anyone in the Philippines will be able to easily upgrade their smartphone from anywhere, anytime.. Mon to Sat : 8:00 AM - 7:00 PM. Made with love in the Philippines. argomall.com is a website of argomall, Inc., a member of Transnational Diversified Group. All trademarks displayed on this website are the exclusive property of the respective holders.. Help Us to Keep Magento Healthy - Report All Bugs. 
Energizer Energy E520 LTE vs OnePlus 3. Compare Energizer Energy E520 LTE and OnePlus 3. HSDPA 850, 900, 1700(AWS), 1900, 2100; CDMA2000 1xEV-DO. LTE frequency band 1(2100), 3(1800), 7(2600), 8(900), 20(800). LTE frequency band 1(2100), 2(1900), 3(1800), 4(1700/2100), 5(850), 7(2600), 8(900), 12(700), 17(700), 20(800), 38(2600), 40(2300), 41(2500). LTE, Cat4, 150 Mbps download, 50 Mbps upload. LTE, Cat6, 300 Mbps download, 50 Mbps upload. Hybrid Dual SIM (Nano-SIM, dual stand-by). IP68 certified, 1.5 m and 30 minutes. Quad-core 1.3 GHz ARM Cortex-A53. Geo-tagging, HDR, face detection, panorama, touch focus. 1.12 µm pixel size, 1/2.8" sensor size, HDR, face detection, geo-tagging, panorama, touch focus. Wi-Fi 802.11a, 802.11b, 802.11g, 802.11n, 802.11ac. Fingerprint, accelerometer, barometer, compass, gyro, proximity. Compare Energizer Energy E520 LTE vs Asus Zenfone 3 Max ZC553KL. Compare Energizer Energy E520 LTE vs Allview P8 Energy mini. Compare Energizer Energy E520 LTE vs Motorola Moto Z Force. Compare Energizer Energy E520 LTE vs BQ Aquaris U. Compare Energizer Energy E520 LTE vs BQ Aquaris U Lite. Compare Energizer Energy E520 LTE vs Oppo A59. Compare Energizer Energy E520 LTE vs BQ Aquaris U Plus. Compare Energizer Energy E520 LTE vs Panasonic Eluga Arc. OnePlus 3 vs Oppo A71 comparison. OnePlus 3 vs Energizer Energy E20 comparison. OnePlus 3 vs BLU Studio J2 comparison. OnePlus 3 vs Oukitel C8 comparison. OnePlus 3 vs BLU Studio Mega comparison. OnePlus 3 vs Panasonic P9 comparison. OnePlus 3 vs Energizer Energy S550 comparison. OnePlus 3 vs Blackview BV8000 Pro comparison. 
Energizer Energy E520 LTE vs Huawei Y6 (2017). Compare Energizer Energy E520 LTE and Huawei Y6 (2017). LTE frequency band 1(2100), 3(1800), 7(2600), 8(900), 20(800). LTE, Cat4, 150 Mbps download, 50 Mbps upload. Hybrid Dual SIM (Nano-SIM, dual stand-by). IP68 certified, 1.5 m and 30 minutes. Quad-core 1.3 GHz ARM Cortex-A53. Quad-core 1.4 GHz ARM Cortex-A53. Geo-tagging, HDR, face detection, panorama, touch focus. Compare Energizer Energy E520 LTE vs Huawei MediaPad M3 Lite 10. Compare Energizer Energy E520 LTE vs HTC U Ultra. Compare Energizer Energy E520 LTE vs Huawei MediaPad M3 Lite 8. Compare Energizer Energy E520 LTE vs Huawei MediaPad T3 10. Compare Energizer Energy E520 LTE vs Oukitel K10. Compare Energizer Energy E520 LTE vs LG K10 (2017). Compare Energizer Energy E520 LTE vs Huawei Y7 Prime. Compare Energizer Energy E520 LTE vs Oukitel K6. Huawei Y6 (2017) vs Oppo A71 comparison. Huawei Y6 (2017) vs Energizer Energy E20 comparison. Huawei Y6 (2017) vs BLU Studio J2 comparison. Huawei Y6 (2017) vs Oukitel C8 comparison. Huawei Y6 (2017) vs BLU Studio Mega comparison. Huawei Y6 (2017) vs Panasonic P9 comparison. Huawei Y6 (2017) vs Energizer Energy S550 comparison. Huawei Y6 (2017) vs Blackview BV8000 Pro comparison. 
أسعار المنتجات على سوق.كوم تشمل ضريبة القيمة المضافة التفاصيل. أحصل على شحن مجاني عند شرائك سلع تشحن من قبل سوق بقيمة 100.00 درهم او اكثر.. يمكنك ارجاع السلعة واسترداد المبلغ كاملاً في حال قمت بتغيير رأيك.. قم بالدفع نقداً لحظة استلام طلبك أينما كنت. الإمارات مصـر السعودية الكويت. احرص على شرائك لمتطلباتك اليومية ومستلزمات المنزل. اليوم 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 28 29 30 31. السنة 1999 1998 1997 1996 1995 1994 1993 1992 1991 1990 1989 1988 1987 1986 1985 1984 1983 1982 1981 1980 1979 1978 1977 1976 1975 1974 1973 1972 1971 1970 1969 1968 1967 1966 1965 1964 1963 1962 1961 1960 1959 1958 1957 1956 1955 1954 1953 1952 1951 1950 1949 1948 1947 1946 1945 1944 1943 1942 1941 1940 1939 1938 1937 1936 1935 1934 1933 1932 1931 1930 1929 1928 1927 1926 1925 1924 1923 1922 1921 1920 1919 1918 1917 1916 1915 1914 1913 1912 1911 1910 1909 1908 1907 1906 1905. جميع الفئات Layer 1 سوبرماركت إلكترونيات الهواتف والتابلت الأطفال و الألعاب المنزل عطور ومستحضرات تجميل رياضة ولياقة السيارات الماركات المميزة الكتب. جديد النساء الرجال الاطفال الرياضة الساعات حقائب اليد نظارات المجموعات موضة عالمية علامات تجارية عصرية متجر متجر أمازون العالمي. النساء ملابس أحذية حقائب ساعات النظارات الشمسية والنظارات مجوهرات. الرجال ملابس أحذية حقائب وإكسسوارات ساعات يد النظارات الشمسية والنظارات. الرياضة الملابس الرياضية للرجال الأحذية الرياضية للرجال الملابس الرياضية للنساء المرأة الأحذية النظارات الشمسية والنظارات الاكسسوارات. ملابس فساتين جمبسوتس بلايز تي شيرتات جينز بناطيل ملابس رياضيه ملابس سباحه لانجيري ملابس نوم تنورات جواكت ومعاطف ملابس عرقيه وتقليديه. حقائب واكسسوارات توتو وهوبو حقائب بحزام طويل حقائب كلاتش وسهره حقائب الظهر محافظ نسائيه. أحذيه أحذيه رياضيه كاجوال وسنيكرز أحذيه كعب عالي ويدجز أحذيه فلات صنادل و شباشب ابوات تسوق الكل. ساعات ساعات أنيقه ساعات فخمه علب تنظيم الساعات أساور ساعات جلد أساور ساعات معدن مجوهرات سلاسل وعقود أقراط أساور أطقم مجوهرات تعليقات خواتم المجوهرات الثمينه. نظارات نظارات شمسيه اطارات البصريه العدسات اللاصقه أفياتور وايفراير كات اي كلوب ماستر. أفضل الماركات أالدو كال ات سبرنج جيس فوريفر 21 فيرو مودا اونلي ميس جايديد تي اف ان سي سكيتشرز بوما مايكل كورس تسوق الكل. ملابس قمصان بولو تيشرتات جينز بناطيل ملابس رياضية شورتات ملابس سباحة ملابس داخلية ملابس نوم جاكيتات ومعاطف وهوديس. حقائب وإكسسوارات حقائب ظهر محافظ رجالي حقائب كتف أحزمة رجالية كابات وقبعات أزرار قمصان مجوهرات. أحذية أحذية رياضية كاجوال وسنيكرز صنادل شباشب جزمات. نظارات نظارات شمسية الإطارات الطبية عدسات لاصقة أفياتور وايفراير دائرية بدون إطار. ساعات يد ساعات أنيقة ساعات فاخرة علب تنظيم الساعات أساور ساعات جلدية أساور ساعات معدنية. أفضل الماركات نيو بالانس بوما سكيتشرز فانس كونفيرس تيمبرلاند ألدو كول ات سبرينج جاك اند جونز جانت يو اس بولو اسن ليفايس تسوق الكل. نساء | أحذية رياضية البلايز والتيشيرتات البناطيل حمالات الصدر والسترات ملابس الركض ملابس التدريب تسوق الكل رجالي | أحذية رياضية الجري التدريب سوكر تسوق الكل. الملابس الرياضية للرجال البلايز والتيشيرتات البناطيل السترات الرياضية ملابس التدريب ملابس الركض تسوق الكل الملابس الرياضية للنساء الجري التدريب سوكر تسوق الكل. اهم الماركات سكتشيرز بوما نيو بالنس اندر ارمور اسيكس انتا كولومبيا كونفيرس. ملابس نسائية بيبي بوهو جيس اونلي فيرو مودا فور إيفر 21 ميسجايديد جلاموروس تي اف ان سي فوغ باريس تشي تشي لندن طوكيو لاندري بريتي سيكرت. احذية النساء نايك سكيتشرز ريبوك بوما الدو ناين ويست جيس كوتش ميسجايديد ترافيل شيليز لندن اي ام يو مايكل كورس. إكسسوارات نسائية توري بورش دي كيه ان واي فوسيل مارك من مارك جاكوب كينيث كول اكس او اكس او إسبريت قوتشي ناين ويست أكريبوس XXIV جست كفالي لورين من رالف لورين. ملابس رجالية يو اس بولو اسن جاك اند جونز تمبرلاند رالف لورين تومي هيلفجر سانتا مونيكا بولو كلوب برايف سول طوكيو لاندري بلفيلد جانت جيس ديزل هيوغو بوس. أحذية رجالية نايك تيمبرلاند ريبوك سكيتشرز بوما الدو جاك اند جونز موازنة جديدة كونفيرس فانس كول ات سبرينج اديداس اسيكس. إكسسوارات رجالية امبوريو ارماني اوكلي جيه بي دبليو تومي هيلفيغر فوسيل دانيل ويلينجتون بوما ديزل بولارويد تيسوت مايكل كورس تامي ليفايس. الأغذية والمشروبات الحليب و مشتقاته الجمال اللوازم المنزلية الاطفال عالم الحيوانات الاليفة. الافطار حبوب الإفطار قمح وجرانولا مربيات، طعام دهن وعسل الباستا والمعكرونة. الوجبات الخفيفة رقائق الشيبس والحلوى بسكويت المكسرات والبذور تمور الحلويات شوكولاته وحلويات. منتجات الطبخ حساء الارز والبقوليات التوابل والبهارات وجبات معلبة الاطعمة العضوية. المشروبات المياه العصائر صودا مشروبات الطاقة والرياضية الشاي القهوي حليب. العناية بالشعر صبغات الشعر علاج الشعر شامبو الشعر بلسم. العناية بالبشرة لوشن الجسم كريمات للوجه مقاوم للتقدم بالسن مناديل مبللة. العناية الشخصية الصابون وجل الاستحمام غسول فم فرشاة أسنان معجون أسنان مزيلات الروائح ومضادات التعرق نظافة أنثوية. منتجات غسيل الملابس مسحوق الغسيل منعمات الاقمشة سائل الغسيل مسحوق. مستلزمات التنظيف منظفات الاطباق منظفات الحمام منظفات متعددة الاستخدام معطرات الجو. المنتجات الورقية والبلاستكية اكياس قمامه مناديل الوجه مناديل مائدة للاستعمال مرة واحدة اكواب للاستعمال مرة واحدة. أجهزة كهربائية صغيرة خلاطات عصارات محضرات طعام مكانس كهربائية ماكينات اعداد القهوة استعرض جميع الأجهزة الكهربائية الكبيرة ثلاجات غسالات المواقد والافران مكيفات الهواء مايكرويف استعرض جميع. لاب توب ماك بوك أجهزة لاب توب للالعاب الكل في واحد | اجهزة الكمبيوتر المكتبي لاب توب 2 في 1 أقل من 1،999 درهم استعرض جميع التقنيات والاكسسوارات أقراص صلبة اجهزة الراوتر الطابعات شاشات كمبيوتر محركات يو اس بي استعرض جميع. تلفزيونات تلفزيونات ال اي دي، 4 كيه الترا اتش دي التلفزيونات الذكية أقل من 1،499 درهم 55" ال اي دي استعرض جميع الصوت والفيديو مكبرات الصوت المسرح المنزلي اجهزة العرض سماعات الرأس إكسسورات التلفزيون استعرض جميع. ألعاب الفيديو بلاي ستيشن 4 إكس بوكس ون نينتندو سويتش احدث الالعاب اكسسوارات اللعب استعرض جميع كاميرات اكشن كاميرا دي اس ال ار بوينت اند شوت العدسات و الفلاش إكسسوارات استعرض جميع. إكسسوارات سماعات الرأس الساعات الذكية شاحن محمول كوابل وشواحن متتبعات اللياقة البدنية استعرض الكل أغطيه وحاميات شاشات خاص بآيفون 8 خاص بسامسونج اس 8 أقل من 59 درهم خاص بجهاز شاومي خاص بجهاز آيفون 7 استعرض الكل. الأجهزه اللوحيه اي باد سامسونج مايكروسوفت سيرفس لينوفو انجوو استعرض الكل تسوق وفقاً للسعر بسعر اقل من 299 درهم من 300 الى 599 درهم من 600 الى 999 درهم من 1000 الى 1999 درهم أكثر من 2000 درهم استعرض الكل. موبايلات سامسونج أيفون ون بلس شاومي موتورولا سوني نوكيا هواوي اتش تي سي بلاك بيري أسوس هونور ال جي استعرض الكل. الازياء الدارجة سامسونج آيفون X ايفون 8 سامسونج نوت 8 اونر 9 لايت استعرض الكل فقط على سوق.كوم ون بلس 5 تي اسوس زينفون 2 ليزر موتورولا جي 5 بلس بلو فيفو 6 انفينكس اس 2 برو استعرض الكل. الاطفال والرضع الحفاظات طعام الاطفال الرضاعة مستلزمات الحمام والعناية بالبشرة سلامة وصحة الطفل العاب الاطفال ومحلقاتها مستلزمات الحضانة الملابس والاحذية والاكسسوارات تسوق في جميع فئات الاطفال والرضع دليل شراء. عربات الاطفال وملحقاتها عربات الاطفال مقاعد السيارة وكراسي الامان انظمة السفر الاسرة المحمولة والكراسي الهزازة والمراجيح انظمة مراقبة الطفل وبوابات السلامة والحماية مشايات الاطفال كراسي مرتفعة ملاعب الاطفال تسوق في جميع فئات عربات الاطفال وملحقاتها. العاب ودمى الاطفال الليجو والعاب البناء والتركيب الالعاب الالكترونية والعاب التحكم عن بعد العاب الشخصيات الفنون والاشغال اليدوية البطاقات والعاب الاحجيات والالغاز الالعاب تعليمية اللالعاب المحشوة الدمى ومنازل الدمى العاب التلبيس والالعاب التنكرية الواح اللعب لوازم الحفلات تسوق في جميع فئات العاب ودمى الاطفال. الرياضات والالعاب في الهواء الطلق ملاعب الاطفال والطاولات والزحاليق مجموعات الارجوحات والتسلق الترامبولين والملحقات احواض السباحة والالعاب المائية الدراجات والسكوترات والعاب الركوب العاب الشاطئ والرمال العاب المسدسات والقتال العاب القفز المنتفخة وبرك الكرات. ألعاب الفيديو بلاي ستيشن 4 إكس بوكس ون نينتندو سويتش احدث الالعاب اكسسوارات اللعب استعرض جميع. الاثاث غرف النوم غرف المعيشة المطبخ وغرفة الطعام المكتب المنزلي مستلزمات الترفيه المنزلي كراسي بين باج الديكورات ورق الجدران وملصقات التزيين الساعات الحائطية اللوحات والملصقات الشموع وحاملات الشموع الستائر والاغطية ديكورات الحدائق. المطبخ وسفرة الطعام ادوات الطبخ اواني الطعام ادوات الخبز ادوات المائدة الاواني الزجاجية وادوات الشرب اواني ومستلزمات تقديم الطعام الادوات المطبخية ادوات ومعدات ادوات القياس والتخطيط المعدات اليدوية ادوات الطاقة الاطقم والمعدات الكهربائيات. الانشطة الخارجية حقائب بعجلات اكسسوارات الحقائب و حزم الامتعة مستلزمات العناية بالحدائق لوازم التخييم الشوي والطبخ في الهواء الطلق انماط وديكورات المنزل أرائك، كنبايات و بوفات وحدات إنارة بُسط و سجاد مساند و وسائد للديكور ساعات أدوات الخياطة و اكسسواراتها اكسسوارات و عملات نقدية و طوابع. السرير البطانيات المحشوة واطقم اللحافات مفارش وملاءات السرير البطانيا والشراشف المخدات المراتب والفرشات لوازم الحمام المناشف الاحواض والمصارف والحنفيات المراحيض ولوازم التبول الحيوانات الاليفة طعام الحيوانات الاليفة مستلزمات الحيوانات الاليفة تسوق من جميع فئات الحيوانات الاليفة. العطور النساء الرجال وصل حديثا العطور العربية مجموعة هدايا العطور دليل شراء العطور العناية الصحية المكملات الغذائية الفيتامينات والمعادن الرياضة والتغذية اجهزة التوزين الشخصية اجهزة ضغط الدم الاجهزة الطبية الصغيرة. المكياج العيون الشفاه الوجه الاظافر الباليت والمجموعات الادوات والفرش العناية بالشعر مملسات الشعر مصففات ومجعدات الشعر مجففات الشعر الزيوت والسيروم وعلاجات الشعر الشعر المستعار اكسسوارات الشعر. العناية الشخصية مزيل الشعر للنساء العناية بالاسنان العناية بالبشرة ادوات والات التدليك مستلزمات النظافة الشخصية والاستحمام العناية بالجسم و التخسيس مستلزمات العناية بالرجال ماكينات حلاقة كهربائية الماكينات التشذيب ملاقط واجهزة نزع الشعر ادوات العناية باللحية والشارب علاج تساقط الشعر. صفحة العلامات التجارية مستحضرات التجميل الفاخرة لوريل باريس مايبيلين فيليبس براون اورال بي شول فيت. تمارين الكارديو اجهزة المشي دراجات التمرين اجهزة التجديف دواسات الايروبيك حبال التدريب اساور تتبع اللياقة البدنية اجهزة تمارين البطن جهاز الغزال الطائر الرياضي معدات المساج أزياء رياضية الاحذية الملابس الاكسسوارات. اجهزة القوى والاوزان الجيم المنزلي اثقال دمبل كرات ميديسن للتدريب كرات الوزن والاثقال مقاعد متعددة الوظائف اليوغا قفازات الجيم كرة الصالة الرياضية أحزمة الجيم. الهواء الطلق الغولف التزلج الرياضات المائية ركوب الدراجات الجري الرياضات الخارجية الرياضات الخارجية خيم اكسسوارات تخييم اضواء التخييم فراش للتخييم. الرياضات الجماعية كرة القدم الكرة الطائرة كرة السلة التنس كريكيت رياضة الاسكواش تنس الطاولة تنس الريشة الرياضات الترفيهية والألعاب لعبة البلياردو صيد السمك ألعاب. افضل الماركات إيفر لاست بودي سكلبتشر نايك اديداس يونيكس توب سكاي لاند ويلسون اكوا سفير واتر راوار مارشال فيتنيس نورديك تراك لايف توب تي ايه سبورت. منتجات العناية بالسيارة معطر سيارات غطاء سيارة ادوات تنظيف السيارة ملمع مكانس كهربائية سوائل و زيوت المركبات الوسائط المتعددة للسيارة فيديو سيارات أنظمة صوت سيارات اكسسورات سيارات صوتية و مرئية مكبرات اطقم بلوتوث للسيارة نظام كاميرا السيارة. اجهزة تحديد المواقع الجغرافية أجهزة ملاحة متنقل ان داش المحمول اكسسورات أجهزة تحديد المواقع أجهزة إستقبال تحديد المواقع ادوات وقطع السيارات قطع غيار للسيارات اجهزة فحص اعطال السيارة اضوية فلاتر الهواء للسيارة ادوات صيانة ادوات تنظيف السيارة. اكسسوارت السيارة الاكسسوارات الداخلية الاكسسوارات الخارجية مفاتيح و علاقات المفاتيح الاطارات والعجلات منتجات العناية بالسيارة دواليب وعجلات قطع دراجات. الماركات المفضله جارمن سوني كلايتون بوشمان جيه في سي جيه بي ال تورتل واكس تاسوتي ارمور اول جبرا كينوود. سامسونج جالكسي A7 2016 بشريحتي اتصال - 16 جيجا, الجيل الرابع ال تي اي, ابيض. Blu Energy X Plus 2 Dual SIM - 8GB, 1GB RAM, 4G Black. Blu Energy X Plus 2 Dual SIM - 8GB, 1GB RAM, 4G Rose Gold. BLU Energy XL Dual Sim 5000mAh - 64GB, 4G LTE, Gold. Blu Energy X Plus 2 Dual SIM - 8GB, 1GB RAM, 4G Gold. Energy Technology Cooperation for Sustainable Economic Development. على طلبات أكثر من 100.00 درهم. أطلب الآن، قطعة متوفرة فقط!. لديك إستفسار او مشكلة؟ نحن هنا للمساعدة. الأكثر بحثا الجمعة البيضاء سامسونج جالكسي اس 9 سامسونج ابل ايفون سوق فاشن سوق سوبرماركت امازون بيسيكس المنزل والمطبخ الرياضات واللياقة الأطفال و الألعاب. حـسـابـي دخول / تسـجـيل عربة التسوق مشترياتي عناويني القوائم المفضلة إعدادات الحساب حركات الحساب الملكية الفكرية اصحاب العلامة التجارية وحقوق النشر البائعين. البيع على سوق.كوم إبدأ البيع كيفية البيع سياسة البيع شروط وأحكام البائع تشحن من قبل سوق الاسئلة الشائعة الشراء على سوق.كوم كيفية الشراء خدمات التقسيط الميسرة سياسة إرجاع السلع أعلن معنا مساعدة. حول الموقع المركز الإعلامي وظائـف خصوصية سوق.كوم اتفاقية استخدام الموقع برنامج التسويق بالعمولة خدمات هيلب بت. 
Pdevice.com: Review, Specification, Price, Compare, Tech News & Details of Mobile Phone and Electronics Gadget Online. How to check that all the Device Drivers are installed properly…. How to select your Mouse Primary Button Left or Right in…. How to Managed Bluetooth Device (Turned on and Off) on Your…. How to Uninstall, Installed Driver from Windows 10 PC using Device…. Energizer Energy E520 LTE Smartphone Full Specification vs Oukitel K10 Smartphone Full Specification. Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window). Energizer Energy E520 LTE Smartphone Full Specification. Each device built on different configuration and platform or operating so here we have divided the devices on their operating system such as Android, Windows, iOS etc. Device brand including their model number,. The initial public announcement by a company or brand for its upcoming gadgets or device with few or full information till its release date.. The release date is the date in which a release was made available through some sort of distribution mechanism. For example, this may be via a online or offline retail store, being published as a available to sale on a website or distributed to industry insiders. the device is available in the market, upcoming device or the company or brand have close the productivity of gadgets. Design Type is a combination of smartphone's size, style, dimensions, weight, color, layout. Mainly there are three types of form factors seen in mobile phones and other computing devices such as bar phones, folding phones, and sliding phones. height, width, and length of the computing device measures in mm, cm. 5.94 in x 3 in x 0.44 in. Display Technology => There are number of display technology available for computing devices such as TFT (Thin Film Transistor), IPS (In-Place Switching), OLED (Organic Light Emitting Diode), AMOLED (Active-Matrix Organic Light-Emitting Diode), Super AMOLED (an advanced version of AMOLED) and there are two types of touchscreen displays Resistive Touchscreen (Resistive touchscreens not only works with human skin but also with stylus pen) and Capacitive Touchscreen (only work with human skin). Display size of each computing device is measured diagonally in inches, cm, or mm. Display Colors refer to the number of different shades of colors that the device screen is capable of displaying mostly there is three display color - 64K colors, 256K colors and 16 million colors used and 16M is the highest available range of colors and better than others.16M display color used in more advanced computing device such as Smartphone , Tablet or Gaming console while the 256K or 64K colors are used for basic handset and entry level computing devices.. Information about the number of pixels per inch of the device screen. The higher the pixels density of any device, the more detailed and clearer content (Image, Video,Graphics, etc) will be shown on the display. Display Protection => is must have feature for all computing device, especially in Smartphone segment there is different-different technology for protecting the display from scratches, drops, water, dust, and bumps of everyday use.Most common display protection technology are corning gorilla glass, Tempered glass, Scratch resistant glass, Full lamination technology, OGS, and More. So whenever you buy a new device you should always consider the smartphone having display protection feature.. Display supports various kind of features such as Contrast ratio, NTSC, 2.5D curved glass, OLED, AMOLED and more features. Some device comes with second display feature along with primary display, usually found in mobile phone. Screen to Body Ratio shows the total number of area covered by the gadget display, if the % is higher it's good for users.. 1280 x 720 Pixels, 24 bit color depth. 2160x1080 Pixels, 24 bit color depth. ~ 282 PPI Pixel per inch. ~ 402 PPI Pixel per inch. ~ 282 PPI Pixel Per Inch. Capacitive Multi-touch up to 5 fingers. Supported Camera Type in the device, dual or single camera. Primary Camera is usually placed on the back side of Smartphone to capture photos and videos. The main attribute of camera are the resolution (measured in Megapixels), lens focus type (automatic or manual). High megapixels mobile can take higher quality pictures and videos but it does not always the quality parameter as there are other factors also responsible for high-quality picture so we can't predict the camera quality by just looking at its megapixels. Good Camera plays important role for any Gadgets it comes with many features such as Autofocus, Continuous shooting, Digital image stabilization, Digital zoom, Face detection, Geotagging, HDR ISO settings, Panorama, Scene mode, Self-timer, Touch focus, White balance settings, PDAF etc. Flash Light => Flashlight are very important in camera for enhancing the picture quality in low-light condition.LED Flash and Xenon Flash are two most common flashlights are used in mobile phones.LED flashlight provides lower power consumption with drive circuitry which takes up little room and can be strobed faster than any other light Source while the Xenon Flash offers an extremely intense full-spectrum white light for a very short duration. secondary camera or front camera in the device like selfies camera in Smartphone, the user can click his own photo using this camera. Dual Camera Set UP (One Front + One Back). Four Camera Set UP (Two Front + Two Back). Interpolated Resolution 21MP for #1 Camera. Interpolated Resolution 8MP for #2 Camera. 8.0MP + 0.3MP ( SW 13.0MP + 8.0MP ) with LED Flash, 1080P Video Recording. Chipset is the main part of any computing device such as Mobile, Laptop, Smartwatch, Camera, Tablet etc each one runs on a chipset or SoC which includes CPU, GPU, and Cache memory.Chipset is integrated circuit designed to perform some specific task and popular devices come with more advanced chipset which can perform many different tasks according to their design and programming capabilities. CPU Central Processing Unit or processors,its main function is to interpret and execute instructions in the computing device .Mostly we measure CPU capacity in GHz or MHz with the number of the core such as 2-core, 4-core, 8-core, 10-core etc.Always look for high-power processor first whenever you will purchase a new device. Number of Cores for processor on the device. GPU Stands for Graphics Processing Unit is a single-chip processor designed to rapidly rapid mathematical calculations, primarily for the purpose of rendering images, This includes things such as lighting effects, object transformations, and 3D motion and it is also responsible for high-performance gaming graphics a good GPU always have such kind of power to control the gaming graphics.The common GPU for mobile devices are Qualcomm Adreno, Intel HD graphics, PowerVR, ARM-Mlai etc. RAM (Random Access Memory) is a type of computer memory that can be accessed randomly, and used by Operating system and installed application in the computing device data in the RAM temporarily stored means it will be lost whenever the device is turn off or restarted. Internal Storage also known as secondary memory or ROM is a data storage space (flash memory) mostly used in smartphones, tablets and other electronic devices where operating system, apps, music, photos, videos, files and other content stored.There two types of internal memory expansion expandable and non-expandable. Cache Memory is also known as CPU memory having large cache memory improve the performance of the device.Cache memory is categorized as levels such as Level 1 (L1) cache, Level 2 (L2) cache, and Level 3 (L3) cache. Memory Speed measured in MHz or GHz. External Memory Card Slot is a special slot for inserting a memory card. Memory cards allow you to expand the phone's internal storage, A memory card is a small storage memory used to store content such as text, pictures, audio, and video, for use on small, portable or remote computing devices such as mobile phones, mp3 players, digital cameras. Sensors are electronic components which increased the functionality of any computing device in which they are embedded sensors detects and responds to some type of input from the physical environment. Quad-core 1.5 GHz Cortex-A53 Clock Speed. Yes External Memory Support up to 32GB (Uses SIM 2 Slot). Yes External Memory Support up to 128GB (Uses SIM 2 Slot). Each mobile device works on the wireless network and these networks are divided into different category such as 2G, 3G, 4G further they are subdivided into the category like GSM, UMTS, LTE on different bands. 2G stands for the second-generation wireless telephone network.It works on Standard like GSM, D-AMPS, PDC.2G Networks supports Digital voice services and slow data transmission (2.5G (GPRS) or 2.75G (EDGE) ) but these networks are faster than analog (1G) systems. 3G stands for the third generation wireless telephone network in compare of 2G it supports faster data speed, always-on data access, better voice transmission capacity.UMTS,WCDMA, Ev-Do are the main standard of 3G technology. 4G stands for the fourth generation of wireless telephone network it is more efficient and faster in terms of data rate, voice transmission and it is very different technology in compare of 3G.The most common standard are LTE (Long Term Evolution) and Mobile WiMAX. SIM stands for Subscriber Identity Module which securely stores subscriber's information such as phone numbers and text messages. Users can easily switch SIM card from one mobile set to another. SIM card is responsible for communication among several mobile devices using different kinds of networks such as GSM, UMTS, LTE etc. Smartphone comes with Single SIM or Dual SIM slot.. GSM / W-CDMA / LTE. GSM: 850 / 900 / 1800 / 1900 MHz. GSM: 850 / 900 / 1800 / 1900 MHz. W-CDMA : 900 / 2100 MHz. LTE: 1(2100), 3(1800), 7(2600), 8(900), 20(800), 28 (700) MHz. LTE : 800 / 900 / 1800 / 2100 / 2600 MHz. Yes with Hybrid Dual SIM Support. Yes With Hybrid Dual SIM Support. OS => Operating System responsible for all basic operations of the device ( smartphone, PDAs, tablet computers, drones, smartwatch and other handheld devices). The Operating System manages and controls the functions of the hardware components of the computing device. There are numbers of OS such as Android, Windows, iOS, BlackBerry and more. UI or user interface (f human–machine interaction) of a device is the look and feel of the on-screen menu system. How it works, its color scheme, how it responds to button presses, all of these things are part of the user interface. Facebook its no 1 popular free social networking site which allows users to create a free account and adds your friends or family in your social list to chat with them, upload photos, videos, video chat and send messages via the internet and keep in touch with friends,Each Smartphone supports Facebook app. Youtube is a popular free video-sharing website, Youtube is the largest video sharing site in the world, Millions of users around the world have created accounts on the site that allow them to upload videos that anyone can watch. Twitter is global microblogging social media website, you can use twitter application on your smartphone, tablet. Microblogging is a broadcast medium that exists in the form of blogging. A microblog differs from a traditional blog in that its content is typically smaller in both actual and aggregated file size. Audio Player, Google Play Store, Google Maps, Google Navigation, Flashlight, Email, Clock, E-book, Calendar, Calculator, Notebook, World Clock, Stopwatch, Browser, FM Radio, Sound Recorder, Vas Apps. Audio Player, Google Play Store, Google Maps, Google Navigation, Flashlight, Email, Clock, E-book, Calendar, Calculator, Notebook, World Clock, Stopwatch, Browser, FM Radio, Sound Recorder, Vas Apps. Multimedia Features (Audio, Video and Images). Which type of audio playback supported by the device as there are number of audio format such as WAV, AAC, AMR, MP3, WMA, MIDI, FLAC, etc. FM is a VHF broadcasting technology which uses frequency modulation (FM) to transfer sound over the broadcasting radio. Alert types are types of sound which notify the users when someone sends notifications like a phone call, message, email etc. Yes Support WAV, AAC+, AMR, AAC, eAAC+, MIDI, WMA, MP3. Yes Support WAV, AAC+, OGG, FLAC, MIDI, WMA, MP3, AMR, AAC, eAAC+. Yes Support 3GP, H.263, WMV, FLV, MP4, H.265, H.264, MKV. Yes Support 3GP, H.263, H.264, MKV, AVI, xVID, WMV, FLV, MP4, H.265. Yes Support JPEG, PNG, GIF, BMP. Yes Support JPEG, PNG, GIF, BMP. Yes with 3.5mm Audio Out Port. Yes with Type-C USB Headphone Jack. Wi-Fi is a popular wireless networking technology which provides wireless data connection between various device using radio waves it uses the IEEE 802.11 stands for communication. USB required for transfer or sync the data from one computing device to another such as from Smartphone to computer. Bluetooth is wireless communications technology for exchanging data between mobile phones, headsets, personal computers and other network devices over brief distances without wiring, Bluetooth technology was mostly designed to support simple wireless networking of personal consumer devices. There are different-different types of Bluetooth Profile (A2DP, HID, LE etc) available in each device for exchanging different content within a short distance.. GPS Stands for Global Positioning System is a satellite-based radio navigation technology using it users can track their position, velocity and the time 24 hours a day, in all weather, anywhere in the world, the most common GPS technology are GPS and the GLONASS. NFC stands for Near field communication is a set of short-range wireless communication standards for smartphones and similar computing devices to establish peer-to-peer (P2P) radio communications with each other by touching them together.It works on smaller range around 10cm. HDMI Stands for (High-Definition Multimedia Interface) most commonly used for. transferring video data and digital audio data from a HDMI- device (Smartphone, Tablet, Laptop) to a compatible computer monitor, video projector, digital television, or digital audio device. Infrared (IR) connectivity is an old wireless technology which uses an infrared light to transfer information between two electronic devices over short-range. Wi-Fi 802.11 b/g/n, 2.4GHz, Wi-Fi Hotspot. Wi-Fi 802.11 a/b/g/n, Wi-Fi Direct, Wi-Fi Hotspot. Micro USB 2.0 with Charging and Mass Storage Function. Type-C USB v2.0 with OTG, Charging and Mass Storage Function. Yes Bluetooth v4.0 with Following Profile. Yes Bluetooth v4.2 with Following Profile. GPRS GPRS stands for General Packet Radio Service it is also known as GSM-IP is global system mobile communications internet protocol which works in 2G and 3G cellular networks.It provides data speed up to 40 kbps which enable mobile devices to access the internet at a Similar speed of dial-up modem and it is used for wireless data transfer like sharing pictures, text, video or browse the internet via mobile phone connection. EDGE (Enhanced Data Rate for GSM Environment) also known as also known as Enhanced GPRS or EGPRS is a wireless network technology generally considered the next step in the 2G network offers data transfer rates up to four times faster than ordinary GSM networks, Generally, EDGE is used for the purpose of wireless data transfer, such as sharing pictures and videos or browsing the Internet via a mobile phone connection. Data Speed supports by any computing device such as Smartphone, Tablet, Computer, Laptop etc mostly it measured in Mbps (Mega bit per second).A good device always supports faster data speed. Web Browser => used to access information on the world wide web such as text, image, video, audio here we have listed some of the common browsers supported by the device.. LTE Cat-4, 150 Mbps Download and 50 Mbps Upload Over 4G. LTE Cat 6 300 Mbps Download, 50 Mbps Upload, HSUPA 5.76 Mbps Upload, HSDPA 21 Mbps Download. Google Chrome, Support WAP, HTML, HTML5 Browsers. Google Chrome, Support WAP, HTML, HTML5 Browsers. SMS (Short Messaging Service) is a text messaging service through which users can send text messages up to 160-224 characters to mobile devices such as cell phone, smartphone, and PDAs. MMS stands for Multimedia Messaging Service and it is used for sending multimedia message from one device to another device such as audio clips, video clips, images, text.. Email Email Stands for Electronic mail which used for sending and storing message it just like sending a physical letter.The user can send text messages, images, and other attachments to the recipient using the internet. You can create your account with Gmail, Yahoo, Hotmail or any other without any cost and its necessary to receive any message over internet and email address is unique to each user. IM stands for Instant Messaging is an exchange of text messages through a software application in real time, it enable users to create a kind of private chat room (for example Yahoo! Messenger and Apple's iChat ) with another user in order to communicate in real time over the Internet.. SMS, MMS, Email, Push Mail, IM, Hangouts. SMS, MMS, Email, Push Mail, IM, Hangouts. Battery Type => The battery is most important part of any electronics device and they powered by different-different kind of battery such as there are basically four types of cell phone batteries Lithium Polymer, Lithium Ion, Nickel Metal Hydride and Nickel Cadmium. Battery Capacity which measure typically in Amp-hr which tells users that how much of the charge stored by the battery. The battery capacity represents the maximum amount of power that can be run any computing device under certain conditions. A good battery always provides consistent power but it also depends on the quality of device, processor, and design. Standby Time is the longest time a phone can remain in the power during single battery charge while the device will not be in active use but constantly connected to the GSM network.. Talk Time is the total time a battery can power a phone under perfect conditions, talk time requires more power and much shorter than standby time. Music play time of the device in hours. The capacity of battery to play video on device. Time interval between charging a battery from 0 to 100%. Up to 168 Hours (in Normal Use). Package Contents: What Accessories is included with this device when you Buy This item from Store,. What is inside the package box.. Gadgets Finder – Search Gadget Here. Up to 50% Off On Mobile Phone. Sony Xperia XZ2 Smartphone Full Specification. Huawei MediaPad M5 8 Tablet Full Specification. Huawei MediaPad M5 8 Wi-Fi Tablet Full Specification. Huawei MediaPad M5 10 Pro Wi-Fi Tablet Full Specification. Huawei MediaPad M5 10 Wi-Fi Tablet Full Specification. Alcatel 1T 10 Tablet Full Specification. LG Signature Edition Smartphone Full Specification. Samsung Galaxy S8 G9500 Smartphone Full Specification. Google Pixel XL Smartphone Full Specification. Samsung Galaxy S8 G950F Smartphone Full Specification. Samsung Galaxy S8 G950K Smartphone Full Specification. Samsung Galaxy S8 G950FD Dual SIM Smartphone Full Specification. LG V30S ThinQ vs LG V30S+ ThinQ Comparison. ZTE Tempo Go vs ZTE Blade V9 Vita Comparison. Alcatel 1X vs Alcatel 1C Comparison. Alcatel 1X vs Alcatel 3X Comparison. MGCOOL Band 3 Companion App Helps You to Carve More. Samsung Galaxy J7 Neo Smartphone Full Specification. JGAURORA A5 Updated Large Printing Size 3D Printer Just for $359.99 – GearBest Coupon. VOYO i7 Notebook with i7 6500U, 8GB RAM Just for $599.32, Flat $40 GearBest Promo Code. Xiaomi YI 4K+ Action Camera 60fps 120Mbps Only for $249.99, Geekbuying Coupon Code. XDUOO Nano D3 Lossless Music MP3 HiFi Music Player GearBest $6.91 Promo Code. Xiaomi Mi 6 Smartphone with 5.2 inch Display, MIUI 8, Snapdragon 835 Chip Just for $409, GearBest Coupon Code. HBQ – I7 TWS Bluetooth Stereo Double Headsets HD Call for $15.39, GearBest Coupon Code. News 357 How to 252 Samsung 65 Coupons & Deals 63 Xiaomi 39 Apple 36 LG 35 Huawei 35. We Suggest You The Best Smartphone with Great Features. Brand Name (specific brand gadget you want). www.pdevice.com is one of the most useful and informative website where you will get tech news, gadget info such as review and specification, price, compare, site about Smartphone,Tablets, Laptops, smartwatch, vr headset tech specs and lot more about electronics gadgets all around the globe. We provide you with the latest information about electronics gadgets , tips and tricks about gadgets .. © Copyright © 2018 - www.pdevice.com. 
News Review Phones Xiaomi Huawei Meizu nubia OnePlus OPPO vivo ZTE All Giveaway Deals Shop Forums. Brand: Energizer Category: Mobiles. Processor MediaTek MT6737, 64-bit Processor. RAM 2GB, LPDDR3, 640MHz. Storage 16GB External Memory Support up to 32GB (Uses SIM 2 Slot). Display Screen size 5.2 inches IPS, HD Display (1280 x 720 Pixels). Camera 13 Megapixel with Dual-LED Flash and AF Dual Rear Camera | 5 Megapixel Front camera. Battery Removable 4,000mAh Lithium-ion. The overall rating is based on review by our editors. 7.3 3.7 1. Design 7 / 10. Display 7 / 10. Camera 7 / 10. Features 7 / 10. Connectivity 7 / 10. Usability 8 / 10. Performance 7 / 10. Battery 8 / 10. Energizer Energy E520 LTE - SPECIFICATIONS. Type Design Type called form factor refers to a mobile phone's size, shape, and style as well as the layout and position of major components of phone. There are three major form factors seen in mobile phones => bar phones, folding phones and sliding phones.. 5.94 in x 3 in x 0.44 in. Display Type Display Technology => A number of display technologies and types used in mobile phones => TFT (Thin Film Transistor), IPS (In-Place Switching), OLED (Organic Light Emitting Diode), AMOLED (Active-Matrix Organic Light-Emitting Diode), Super AMOLED (an even advanced version of AMOLED), Resistive Touchscreen (Resistive touchscreens contain two layer of conductive material with a very small gap between them which acts as a resistance), Capacitive Touchsceen (Capacitive touchscreen technology consists of a layer of glass coated with a transparent conductor). 1280 x 720 Pixels, 24 bit color depth. Display Colors Display Colors is refers to the number of different shades of colors that the screen is capable of displaying => 64K colors, 256K colors and 16 million colors, Obviously 16M is highest available range of colors and better than others.. Pixel Density Pixel Density (PPI) is refers to the concentration of pixels on a particular display, measured in pixels per inch (ppi). Pixel density is calculated by dividing the diagonal pixel resolution of a display by its diagonal size, higher pixel density better display quality.. ~ 282 PPI Pixel per inch. Display Protection Display Protection => Gorilla Glass is a special alkali-aluminosilicate glass shield with exceptional damage resistance that helps protect mobile displays from scratches, drops, and bumps of everyday use, It is always better to go for a smartphone with Gorilla Glass for that added protection and peace of mind.. IPS, LTPS, LCD HD display ~ 282 PPI Pixel Per Inch Capacitive Multi-touch up to 5 fingers 16:9 Aspect Ratio Corning Gorilla Glass. CPU The main chipset of the device.. Quad-core 1.5 GHz Cortex-A53 Clock Speed. GPU GPU (Graphics Processing Unit) is a single-chip processor designed to rapidly manipulate and alter memory to accelerate the creation of images in a frame buffer intended for output to a display, This includes things such as lighting effects, object transformations, and 3D motion.. RAM (Memory) RAM (Random Access Memory) is a type of computer memory that can be accessed randomly, any byte of memory can be accessed without touching the preceding bytes that allows information to be stored and accessed quickly from random locations. RAM is the most common type of memory found in computer systems, smartphones, tablets and other electronic devices.. Internal Storage Internal Storage is a data storage space (flash memory) mostly used in smartphones, tablets and other electronic devices where operating system, apps, music, photos, videos, files and other user data Is stored.. Memory Card Slot Memory Card Slot is a special slot for inserting a memory card. Memory cards allow you to expand the phone's built-in memory, A memory card (sometimes called a flash memory card or a storage card) is a small storage medium used to store data such as text, pictures, audio, and video, for use on small, portable or remote computing devices such as mobile phones, mp3 players, digital cameras.. Sensors Sensors are electronic components that detects and responds to some type of input from the physical environment. The specific input could be light, heat, motion, moisture, pressure and location, The output is generally a signal that is converted to use in computing systems, a location sensor, such as a GPS receiver is able to detect current location of your electronic device.. Proximity Sensor Accelerometer Ambient Light Fingerprint (Rear Mounted) Compass Sensor. Operating System OS => Every computer system run on a base software called Operating System (OS). Operating System controls all basic operations of the computer (such as smartphone, PDAs, tablet computers and other handheld devices). The Operating System allows the user to install and run third party applications (apps), apps are used to add new functionality to the device.. User Interface UI or user interface of a device is the look and feel of the on-screen menu system. How it works, its color scheme, how it responds to button presses, all of these things are part of the user interface.. Rear Camera Camera is able to capture photographs and usually videos, The most important characteristics of a camera are the resolution (measured in megapixels), lens focus type (fixed or automatic), higher megapixel cameras are known to capture higher quality photos, but not always a good measurement of the photos quality.. Flash Flash Light => There is commonly two types of flash lights are used in camera mobile phones, LED Flash (LED flash offers lower power consumption with drive circuitry that takes up very little room, LEDs can be strobed faster than any other light source), Xenon Flash (xenon flash produces an extremely intense full-spectrum white light for a very short duration). SIM SIM (Subscriber Identity Module) is a small card that contains mobile network subscriber's account information. This allows the phone using the card to attach to a mobile network. The SIM card is most commonly associated with GSM and UMTS mobile networks. Moving a SIM card from one phone to another allows a subscriber to switch mobile phones without having to contact their mobile network carrier. SIM cards can also be used by a phone to store limited amounts of data, such as phone numbers and text messages.. Wi-fi Wi-Fi is a popular wireless networking technology using radio waves to provide high-speed network connections that allows devices to communicate without cords or cables, Wi-Fi is increasingly becoming the preferred mode of internet connectivity all over the world.. Wi-Fi 802.11 b/g/n, 2.4GHz, Wi-Fi Hotspot. Micro USB 2.0 with Charging and Mass Storage Function. GPS GPS The Global Positioning System is a satellite-based radio navigation system, GPS permits users to determine their position, velocity and the time 24 hours a day, in all weather, anywhere in the world, In order to locate your position, your device or GPS receiver must have a clear view of the sky.. NFC NFC (Near field communication) is a set of standards for smartphones and similar devices to establish peer-to-peer radio communications with each other by touching them together or bringing them into proximity, usually no more than a few inches.. 4G LTE 4G LTE bands. LTE: 1(2100), 3(1800), 7(2600), 8(900), 20(800), 28 (700) MHz. LTE Cat-4, 150 Mbps Download and 50 Mbps Upload Over 4G. Energizer Energy E520 LTE - REVIEWS Be the first to add a Review Your Name * Your Email * Review Title * Review Text * Rate this Product Design: What do you feel about Design and build quality of this device? Display: Screen size, image quality (brightness, colors, contrast, etc), visibility in sun light, angles of view and touchscreen. Camera: Usability of Camera interface, image and video quality in different light conditions and environment. Features: What do you feel about the features of this device, is these enough for you in everyday life? Connectivity: Bluetooth, Wi-fi connectivity, data trnasfer speed, internet browsing and interfaces. Usability: What do you feel about usability and speed of UI (user interface), messaging, calling, contacts management, call history, notifications and internet browsing? Performance: Is this device perform good while watching videos, playing games, taking snapshots, browsing internet and navigate through other applications? Battery: What about battery life, while calling, listening music, watching videos, playing games and doing other tasks. Average Rating 6 / 10 based on your selection. Please post a user review only if you have / had this product.. Energizer Power Max P600S 0 Reviews View specs →. Energizer Power Max P550s 0 Reviews View specs →. Energizer Energy E20 0 Reviews View specs →. Energizer Energy 100 0 Reviews View specs →. Energizer Hardcase H550S 0 Reviews View specs →. Energizer Hardcase H240S 0 Reviews View specs →. New Arrivals LG X300 LG X Power 2 ZTE Tempo Go ZTE Blade V9 Vita (Rumored) Nokia 8 Sirocco (Rumored) Samsung Galaxy S9 Exynos (Rumored). News Review Phones Giveaway Deals Shop Forums. 
Energizer Energy E520 LTE Price In South Africa , And Full Specifications. Rating: 0 / 5. Retail Price of energizer energy e520 lte in South Africa is ZAR 4,340. Energizer Introduced New Smartphone Energizer Energy E520 LTE comes with Android 6.0 Marshmallow OS, 5.2 inches IPS LCD capacitive touchscreen, 16M colors with Corning Gorilla Glass 3 and 720 x 1280 pixels, resolution + 282 PPI pixel density, It has Black color, Hybrid Dual SIM (Nano-SIM, dual stand-by) Slot supports 2G, 3G and 4G LTE network.. The smartphone has 13MP rear camera having geo-tagging, touch focus, face detection, HDR and panorama features and 5MP front camera for selfie experience.. Energizer Energy E520 LTE has Quad-core 1.3 GHz Cortex-A53 processor,Mediatek MT6737 chipset and Mali-T720 GPU.. It has 2GB RAM and 16GB internal Storage, microSD, up to 32 GB card slot. It brings Bluetooth 4.0, A2DP, LE + microUSB 2.0 and 3.5 mm Audio jack.. Here is Non-removable Li-Ion 4000 mAh battery, 220 hrs (3G) stand by, 15 hrs (3G) talk time but no fast charging but no wireless charger support.. The smartphone has Fingerprint (rear-mounted), accelerometer, proximity and compass sensors.. 150.8 x 76.2 x 11.1 mm. Hybrid Dual SIM (Nano-SIM, dual stand-by). microSD, up to 32 GB (uses SIM 2 slot). LTPS IPS LCD capacitive touchscreen, 16M colors. Geo-tagging, touch focus, face detection, HDR, panorama. GSM 850 / 900 / 1800 / 1900 - SIM 1 & SIM 2. LTE band 1(2100), 3(1800), 7(2600), 8(900), 20(800). HSPA 42.2/11.5 Mbps, LTE Cat4 150/50 Mbps. Read All User Comments Post Your Opinion. Best Price of Energizer Energy E520 LTE in South Africa is South African Rand 4,340 (US$350) , All Prices updated on daily bases from the local market shops/Showrooms or price list provided by the main dealers of Energizer in ZAF we are trying to deliver possible best Price of Energizer Energy E520 LTE in South Africa and Full specifications, But we can’t grantee the Price and Specifications are 100% correct on this page (human error is possible). All prices mentioned on this page are in South African Rand and valid all over the South Africa including Soweto, Johannesburg, Pretoria Slight deviations are expected, you can check detailed specifications and price online on mobile57 before making a decision to buy Energizer Energy E520 LTE from online store or local shops.. If you find any error in rates or specs or have any suggestion to makes better this website please send us a massage by contact us page.. Disclaimer: We are trying to provid latest Mobile Phone prices in South Africa and Specs, but we cannot guarantee. The latest launched Cell Phones are priced on the basis of international offerings without including shipment costs and taxes.. © Copyrights by Mobile57 2011 to 2018. 
Samsung Apple Nokia Sony LG HTC Motorola Huawei Microsoft Lenovo Xiaomi Google Acer Asus Oppo OnePlus Meizu BlackBerry Alcatel ZTE Toshiba Vodafone Energizer XOLO Lava Micromax BLU Gionee vivo LeEco Panasonic HP YU verykool Maxwest Plum. Energizer Energy 400 LTE Energizer Hardcase H550S Cat S41. 
News Reviews Gadgets Movies Games Cars Competitions How To’s Explore Videos Galleries. News Reviews Gadgets Movies Games Cars Competitions How To’s Explore Videos Galleries. Avenir Telecom Announces Energizer ENERGY E520 LTE Smartphone. Avenir Telecom has announced the launch of the new Energizer. This one is a shock-resistant and waterproof. It is equipped with a 4000 mAh battery and a 5.2-inches HD screen. The phone measures just 11.1-mm in thickness.. According to the company, the battery can last. on standby and 15 hours of continuous usage. The E520 LTE also comes with the. IP68 certification for water resistance to up to. has been designed with reinforced materials and a Gorilla Glass 3 screen on top of the display. In terms of imaging, the smartphone comes with a 13 megapixel main camera with the Beauty Face function and. a 5 megapixel front camera, both. Under the hood, the Energizer ENERGY E520 LTE is powered by a Mediatek MT6737 Quad Core 1.3 GHz processor. The phone also comes with a fingerprint scanner for added security. No pricing or local availability info has been announced yet.. Avenir Telecom Energizer ENERGY E520 LTE. Fernando is an experienced media professional with over two decades of journalistic experience. He is easily excited by the smallest of technologies around. He is an Android fanboy at heart, who also owns an iPhone, a Windows Phone, and a BlackBerry. Though he uses a MacBook Pro at work, he also uses a Windows PC, an Xbox One and an Xbox 360 for all his gaming requirements. Sony Announces new Smartphones at MWC 2018. Honor 9 Lite Arrives with Four Cameras and FullView Display. Huawei Announces new Update for Mate 10 Lite. Apple Will Now Have to Store China’s iCloud Keys Within China’s Borders. ZTE Launches the new Blade V9. Huawei Announces MateBook X Pro and MediaPad M5 at MWC. Samsung Announces the new Galaxy S9 Smartphone. Review Central is your home for the best unbiased reviews of gadgets, gizmos, technologies, video games, movies, cars, and more.. Sony Announces new Smartphones at MWC 2018. Honor 9 Lite Arrives with Four Cameras and FullView Display. Huawei Announces new Update for Mate 10 Lite. IGG Partners With Milrem to Develop and Arm a Military UGV. Microsoft’s Beam Comes to XBox One and Windows 10. TP-Link Intros its Mobile Devices to Partners in Ras Al-Khaimah. If you want to receive our latest news send directly to your email, please leave your email address bellow. Subscription is free and you can cancel anytime.. Copyright © 2017 - Zarks Media. Home About Contact Linking Policy Privacy Policy. 
With the fast pace at which smartphones get released. nowadays, it’s not that hard to imagine we could have missed one. Energizer® ENERGY E520 LTE is indeed one of those, a device that’s doing very. well since its launch due to its rugged characteristics, good hardware and a. Let’s begin with introducing Avenir Telecom, which. under the Energizer® license offers a range of 13 mobiles, among them 7. smartphones that are placed in 4 distinct ranges: Hardcase (resistant. smartphones), Power Max (smartphones with long-lasting batteries), Energy Plus. (smartphones with protection accessories included) and Energy (features. With an high-capacity 4000mAh battery, the. Energizer® ENERGY E520 LTE will never let you down, lasting for 9 days in. standby and 15 hours in use without needing to be recharged. Intelligent Power Saving technology, every milliampere of the battery is also. The Energizer® ENERGY E520 LTE is an anti-shocks and. waterproof device that has undergone several tests to earn itself an. The smartphone can thus be submerged. under water to a depth of 1.5 meter for as long as 30 minutes. LTE is also designed with reinforced materials and a Corning Gorilla Glass 3. coating on top of the display, an ultra resistant glass characterized by its. finesse and strength, which will allow it to survive falls of up to 1.5 meters. The Energizer® ENERGY E520 LTE also breaks all the. aesthetic rules for rugged phones, thanks to its understated, elegant and. refined look, and a thickness of just 11.1mm. In some ways it does represent a. new benchmark for durable phones, even it looks like more a classic smartphone.. Energizer®’s ENERGY E520 LTE integrates a Mediatek. MT6737 Quad-Core processor clocked at 1.3GHz, to navigate, communicate, stream. and play pretty smoothly, and it sports CAT4-LTE support with maximum speeds of. up to 150/50 Mbps so that you can have a snappy online experience.. The rugged phone comes with two SIM cards slots or. it can accommodate a SIM card and a microSD card (up to 32GB). find compass sensor, so you can use the smartphone a real compass, meanwhile. its proximity sensor will detect changes in distance between objects and. itself, which lets the screen automatically turn off during a call to save. The Energizer® ENERGY E520 LTE is currently on sale.. Email This BlogThis! Share to Twitter Share to Facebook Share to Pinterest. HTC Vive Pro and Vive Wireless Adaptor. Acer Amazon Alexa voice assistant notebooks and de... NVIDIA GeForce Now beta for PCs, GeForce Freestyle... Garmin Speak Plus with Amazon Alexa. HP new Spectre x360 15 convertible, new ENVY x2, Z... 
LOGIN OR REGISTER. Home > Phones > Mobile Phones > Energizer ENERGY E520 LTE. We offer Island wide free delivery service to our customers. The time we take to deliver goods may change based on what's in your cart. This is an indication of approximate time we take to deliver goods upon order confirmation. (In most cases we will be able to deliver earlier than stated below). You can get products delivered to any locaiton out of Colombo and Suburbs witihn 3 to 5 business days. Pleae select the delivery date form the calender given during checkout to arrange a delivery on a specific date.. Incase you want an early delivery, please either call us or mention it in order comments. We will get back to you with the possibility.. 
البحث فى دليل سوق الموبيلات و الجوال. اخبار و مراجعات و مواصفات الجديد فى عالم الموبايل. أكاديميه الموبايل » الأجهزه ». مواصفات موبايل Energizer Energy E520 LTE – سعر جوال انرجايزر انيرجي E520 LTE. 2G / 3G / 4G / WiFi رباعى النواه 16 جيجا، 2 جيجا 5.2 بوصه ، 720x1280 13MP، 5MP. السعر و اين يباع Energizer Energy E520 LTE. لشراء Energizer Energy E520 LTE إضغط علي السعر او علامه المتجر لمعلومات اكثر عن حاله المنتج و كيفيه الشراء. إضغط للبحث الذاتي عن أسعار Energizer Energy E520 LTE فى مـصــر. إضغط للبحث الذاتي عن أسعار Energizer Energy E520 LTE فى المغرب. إضغط للبحث الذاتي عن أسعار Energizer Energy E520 LTE فى المملكه السعوديه. إضغط للبحث الذاتي عن أسعار Energizer Energy E520 LTE فى الإمارات العربيه. إضغط للبحث الذاتي عن أسعار Energizer Energy E520 LTE فى العالم. 1800 / 1900 / 850 / 900. 1(2100) / 20(800) / 3(1800) / 7(2600) / 8(900). ، تدعم اللمس المتعدد حتى 5 نقاط. 5.2 بوصه، النسبه الى سطح الهاتف: 64.9%. 720x1280 بيكسل، (282.4 بيكسل لكل بوصه)، التناسب: 16:9. Mediatek MT6737، رباعي النواة (4x 1.3 GHz Cortex-A53) - معالج الرسومات: Mali-T720. ، يدعم الذاكره الخارجيه حتى 32 و توضع مكان الشريحه الثانيه. البصمه / البوصله / التسارع / القرب. HDR اكتشاف الوجه الضبط البؤري باللمس الوسم الجغرافي Geotagging بانوراما أفقية. البقاء في وضع عدم الإستخدام حتى 220 ساعه. تاريخ اول صدور للجهاز دون التقيد بسوق محدد. نطاقات تردد الجيل الثاني التي يعمل عليها الجهاز، تختلف النطاقات من شبكات المحمول بين شبكة و اخري ودوله و اخري.. نطاقات تردد الجيل الثالث التي يعمل عليها الجهاز، تختلف النطاقات من شبكات المحمول بين شبكة و اخري ودوله و اخري.. نطاقات تردد الجيل الرابع التي يعمل عليها الجهاز، تختلف النطاقات من شبكات المحمول بين شبكة و اخري ودوله و اخري.. عدد الشرائح التي يدعمها الهاتف و حجمها. فتحة السحن و نقل البيانات الموجودة بالجهاز. حجم الهاتف فى شكل (طولxعرضxارتفاع) المتاح بهم. الأنواع و الفروق بينها من هنا. جرت العادة ان مساحة الشاشات تحسب بطريقه اخري غير الطريقه الرياضيه المعروفه لحساب الأسطح. المساحه هنا هي طول القطر بالبوصة. التناسب هو نسبه طول الشاشة لعرضها. بالنسبه لأندرويد يتم وضع اسم نظام التشغيل دون الإصدار الثانوي. مساحة تخزين الملفات المعلنه من الشركة، المساحه الفعلية داخل الجهاز ستكون أقل لوجود ملفات النظام. بالنسبه للذاكره الخارجيه بعض الهواتف التي تدعم شريحتين، تسمح بوضع الذاكرة الخارجية في مكان الشريحه الثانيه، وسيتم التنبيه في هذه الحاله.. يرجي الملاحظه ان التقيمات تكون طبقا للإختبارات في الأوضاع المثالية.. مميزات و عيوب Energizer Energy E520 LTE. IP68 certified مقاوم للمياه حتى عمق 1.5 متر لمده 30 دقيقه راديو FM لا يمكن تغير البطاريه بواسطه المستخدم. أكاديمية الموبايل لا تضمن ان المعلومات المتاحه دقيقه بشكل كامل، رجاءا فى حاله وجود خطأ يرجي تنبيهنا بالتعليقات بالأسفل. شارك تجربتك او اطرح سؤال خاص ب Energizer Energy E520 LTE إلغاء الرد. لن يتم نشر عنوان بريدك الإلكتروني. الحقول الإلزامية مشار إليها بـ *. عيوب و مميزات Samsung Galaxy Grand Prime Pro: تقييم سامسونج جالاكسي جراند برايم برو. عيوب و مميزات Infinix Hot S3: تقييم انفنيكس هوت S3. عيوب و مميزات Lenovo K8 Note: تقييم لينوفو K8 نوت. عيوب و مميزات Meizu M6s: تقييم ميزيو M6s. عيوب و مميزات Oppo R11s : تقييم أوبو R11s. عيوب و مميزات Huawei Honor 9 Lite: تقييم هواوي هونر 9 لايت. عيوب و مميزات Huawei P smart: تقييم هواوي P سمارت. عيوب و مميزات Samsung Galaxy A8 2018: تقييم سامسونج جلاكسي A8 2018. عيوب و مميزات Huawei nova 2s: تقييم هواوي نوفا 2s. عيوب و مميزات Xiaomi Redmi 5 Plus: تقييم شاومي ريدمي 5 بلس. تطبيق NoSeen For Facebook لحجب أخر موعد لدخول المستخدم علي الماسنجر. 6 خصائص موجودة في أندرويد غير متوفرة في الآيفون. كيفية تشغيل تطبيقات الاندرويد على الكمبيوتر. 9 خصائص موجودة في الآيفون غير متوفرة في الأندرويد. أفضل تطبيقات التصوير والكاميرا لهواتف الأندرويد. تطبيق VUE لتصوير الفيديوهات القصيرة متاح الان لمستخدمي الأندرويد. الأجهزه و الموبلات الشائعه اخر الأجهزه و الموبيلات اخر التعليقات. مواصفات موبايل Allview P8 Pro – سعر جوال اول فيو P8 برو. مواصفات موبايل ZTE Axon 9 – سعر جوال زد تي اي اكسون 9. مواصفات موبايل Asus Zenfone 5 Lite – سعر جوال اسوس زين فون 5 لايت. مواصفات موبايل Meizu E3 – سعر جوال ميزيو E3. مواصفات موبايل Xiaomi Redmi Note 5 Pro – سعر جوال شاومي ريدمي نوت 5 برو. مواصفات موبايل BLU Studio J8M LTE – سعر جوال بلو ستوديو J8M LTE. مواصفات موبايل BLU Vivo One – سعر جوال بلو فيفو ون. مواصفات موبايل Panasonic P100 – سعر جوال باناسونيك P100. مواصفات موبايل Asus Zenfone 5 (2018) – سعر جوال اسوس زين فون 5 (2018). مواصفات موبايل Sharp Pi – سعر جوال شارب Pi. سعر و مواصفات موبايل Infinix Zero 5. مواصفات موبايل Oppo F5 – سعر جوال اوبو F5. مواصفات موبايل Infinix Note 4 Pro – سعر جوال انفنيكس نوت 4 برو. مواصفات موبايل Vetron MD6 – سعر جوال فيترون MD6. مواصفات و سعر موبايل Samsung Galaxy Note Fan Edition. مواصفات موبايل Infinix Zero 5 Pro – سعر جوال انفنيكس زيرو 5 برو. مواصفات موبايل Samsung Galaxy Grand Prime Pro – سعر جوال سامسونج جالاكسي جراند برايم برو. سعر و مواصفات Infinix Hot 4 Pro X557. سعر و مواصفات موبايل Oppo F3. سعر و مواصفات موبايل (Xiaomi Redmi 4 (4X. هو ليه التوكيل مش بيغير المنتج اومال ليه هو توكيل بقا.... هو ليه التوكيل مش بيغير المنتج اومال ليه هو توكيل بقا.... معايه زيرو 5 برو استعمال ساعات ب5000 للاستعلام 01096972557. انا عندى الجهاز جاب ميك ومش عارف اروح التوكيل ولا اعمله.... الموبايل كويس والذاكرة الداخلية 32 مش 16 وفلاش امامى بس الاندرويد.... تواصل معانا علي صفحتنا علي الفيس بوك علشان نساعدك بشكل أفضل. فيه صفحات نت مبتفتحش عليه السبب ايه و علاجه ايه. الجهازممتاز ولكن ان بدعم البوصلة وهذه مشكلة اعاني منها لاني احتاجها. 
The next video is starting stop. Energizer® ENERGY E520 LTE - Video Tour. Want to watch this again later?. Sign in to add this video to a playlist.. Sign in to report inappropriate content.. Sign in to make your opinion count.. Sign in to make your opinion count.. Rating is available when the video has been rented.. This feature is not available right now. Read more about it on GizChina: https://www.gizchina.com/2018/01/08/e... Facebook: https://www.facebook.com/GizChina Twitter: https://twitter.com/Gizchina Website: https://www.gizchina.com. When autoplay is enabled, a suggested video will automatically play next.. Energizer E520 Smartphone Hands-On - Κινητό αντοχής. Energizer Power Max P600S (4500mAH Battery, 6GB RAM, 64GB Storage) Full Specifications & Price!!. Doogee S60 rugged smartphone IP68 with wireless charging. ENERGIZER ENERGY 400 LTE - Shoch Water Proof Test. Lenovo Miix 630 hands-on from CES 2018. Power Max P600S: Energizer presents a cell phone with battery and "infinite" screen. Bluboo R1 and Bluboo R2 rugged smartphones IP68. Lenovo Mirage Solo hands-on from CES 2018. Alcatel 1X, 3V and 5 first look at CES 2018. Blackview BV9000 Pro and Blackview BV5800 Pro. Energizer Hardcase H240S Feature Phone With 4G VoLTE ,Android 6.0 Marshmallow ,shock proof. Leagoo S8 Pro and comparison with Leagoo S8. Elephone U Pro Unboxing by Gizchina!. Trying out the HTC Vive Pro at CES 2018. Energizer E520 hands-on @ Showstoppers #MWC17. Sign in to add this to Watch Later. 
Home Brands Top List Feature List Contact Compare Phones. SORT RESULTS BY DATE NAME PRICE. Energizer Energy E520 LTE Dimension 150.8x76.2x11.1mm (5.94x3x0.44") Weight 206gr (7.27oz) Form Factor Candy Bar Material Dust Resistant Water Resistant IP68 Colors Metal Frame Display Resolution 720x1280px Display Size 65x116mm (2.56x4.57") ~282PPI Display Diagonal 5.2" Display Type 16M LTPS Secondary Display Resolution Input Capacitive Touchscreen Talk Time 15 hours Standby Time 9 days, 4 hours OS Android OS, v6.0 Java Vibration Available Ringtone Chipset MediaTek MT6737 Processor 4 Cores @ 1.3GHz ARM Cortex-A53 GPU Mali-T720MP2 Ram 2GB Internal Memory 16GB External Memory microSD Camera Resolution 13 Megapixel Camera Flash LED Camera Lens Optical Zoom Front Camera 5 Megapixel Second Front Camera Front Camera Flash Other Functionalities Digital Compass Fingerprint Scanner Accelerometer Proximity Sensor Speaker Mono Battery Capacity 4000mAh Battery Type Non-removable Battery WIMAX WiFi Wi-Fi 802.11 b/g/n UPnP NFC USB 2.0 Bluetooth v4.0 Positioning System Integrated GPS TV Receiver TV Out Audio Output 3.5mm Jack Radio FM Ethernet Infrared Network Compatibility LTE 800(20), 1800+(3), 2600(7), 900(8), 2100(1) GSM 1800, 1900, 850, 900 UMTS 900, 2100 HSPA 900, 2100 SIM Cards 2x Nano PTT HSCSD GPRS Available EDGE Available AMPS CDMA2000 1xEV-DO Price Range -. Energizer Energy E520 LTE vs Samsung Galaxy On5 Pro. Energizer Energy E520 LTE vs LG X5. Energizer Energy E520 LTE vs Motorola Moto E4 Dual SIM. Energizer Energy E520 LTE vs Asus Zenfone Go ZB552KL India 16GB. Energizer Energy E520 LTE vs Alcatel OneTouch Shine Lite LATAM. FIND / COMPARE PHONES BRANDS Apple HTC LG Motorola Nokia Samsung Sony All Brands TOP LISTS Fastest CPU Slimmest Cell Phones More OTHER SECTIONS Feature List. We cannot guarantee the validity of information found here. Global United States United Kingdom India Türkish Arabic Spanish Portuguese Tablet Website. 
Energizer Energy E520 LTE specs & features, price in Pakistan. Energizer Mobiles Energizer Energy E520 LTE specs & features, rate in Pakistan 2018. Release Date: 2017, September Views: 135. Energizer Energy E520 LTE features includes Dual Sim, Android 6.0 (Marshmallow) smartphone Quad-core 1.3 GHz Cortex-A53, 16 GB, 2 GB RAM, 2G, 3G, 4G, 2017, September, Features 1280 x 720, 5.2 inches, 74., Touchscreen, 13 MP camera, 5 MP front camera, bluetooth, usb, gprs, edge, wlan, Fingerprint (rear-mounted), accelerometer, proximity, compass. Energizer Energy E520 LTE Price in Pakistan. Sell Used Energizer Energy E520 LTE. Buy Used Energizer Energy E520 LTE. 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10. 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10. 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10. Dual Sim, 4G GSM / HSDPA / LTE. Android 6.0 (Marshmallow), 16 GB, 2 GB RAM. Energizer sets price < 5000 Rs. Energizer sets price 5000 to 10000 Rs. Energizer sets price 10000 to 15000 Rs. Energizer sets price 15000 to 25000 Rs. Energizer sets price 25000 to 35000 Rs. Energizer sets price 35000 to 45000 Rs. Energizer sets price > 45000 Rs.. Energy E520 LTE Price in Pakistan. Market Retail price without discount Rs. - Energizer Energy E520 LTE best price in Pakistan is Rs. 41500 Pakistani Rupees (PKR). - One can buy Energizer Energy E520 LTE pin pack from the best online stores or local shops, whichever offering cheapest price.. - Always confirm mobile specs, features, warranty, shipping cost and delivery time from the seller before you pay for Energizer Energy E520 LTE .. - Some online stores sell used and refurbished models as well, so check Energy E520 LTE details from the seller before ordering.. - We do not sell any mobile phone but help you to buy best mobile at cheapest price.. What mobile / Which Mobile? If Energizer Energy E520 LTE specs are not as per your requirements? Find your desired mobile by selecting right features, price, specs using our advance mobile search facility.. Compare Compare Microsoft Lumia 540 with any other mobile and see What mobile has better specs and prices and suits you more.. Feedback In case of any mistake in Energizer Energy E520 LTE prices, photos, specs, please help us using our contact us page.. Energy E520 LTE Accessories, model specs, features, themes, ringtones, wallpapers. Post comments about Energizer Energy E520 LTE. GSM 850 / 900 / 1800 / 1900 - SIM 1 & SIM 2. LTE band 1(2100), 3(1800), 7(2600), 8(900), 20(800). Yes, 2 Sims Dual Sim Mobiles. 150.8 x 76.2 x 11.1 mm (5.94 x 3.00 x 0.44 in). IP68 certified dust/water proof over 1.5 meter and 30 minutes, MIL-STD-810G compliant. microSD, up to 32 GB (uses SIM 2 slot) Mobile with Memory Card. HSPA 42.2/11.5 Mbps, LTE Cat4 150/50 Mbps. SMS, MMS, Email, Instant Messaging (IM), Push Mail. HTML5, Internet Mobile Phones. FM Radio, MP3 Player, Games, Video Calling, Video Editor, Photo editor Mobiles with FM Radio Gaming Mobiles. MP4/H.264 player, MP3/WAV/FLAC/eAAC+ player, Photo/video editor, Document viewer, GPS: Yes, with A-GPS, GLONASS. 4.0, A2DP, LE Bluetooth Mobiles. Wi-Fi 802.11 b/g/n, hotspot WLAN Mobiles. Scratch Resistance, Touch Screen 16M colors, LTPS IPS LCD capacitive touchscreen. 1280 x 720, 5.2 inches, 74.. 720 x 1280 pixels, 16:9 ratio (~282 ppi densi. 13 MP, 13 MP Mobiles , Camera Mobiles. Auto Focus, Video , Video Call. Geo-tagging, touch focus, face detection, HDR, panorama. Disclaimer: Energizer Energy E520 LTE price in Pakistan is updated daily from price list provided by local shops but we cannot guarantee that the above information / price of Energizer Energy E520 LTE is 100% accurate (Human error is possible). For accurate rate of Energizer Energy E520 LTE in Pakistan visit your local shop.. Each genuine opinion / comment means more chances to win free mobile in lucky draw.. Reply to post / answer to question. Abbotabad Abdul hakim Adda jahan khan Adda shaiwala Akhora khattak Ali chak Allahabad Amangarh Arif wala Arifwala Attock Babri banda Badin Bahawalnagar Bahawalpur Balakot Bannu Barbar loi Barbar loi Baroute Bat khela Bhai pheru Bhakkar Bhalwal Bhan saeedabad Bhera Bhimbar Bhirya road Bhuawana Blitang Buchay key Burewala Chacklala Chacklala Chaininda Chak 4 b c Chak 46 Chak jamal Chak jhumra Chak sawara Chak sheza Chakwal Charsada Chashma Chawinda Chicha watni Chiniot Chishtian Chitral Chohar jamali Choppar hatta Chowha saidan shah Chowk azam Chowk mailta Chowk munda Chunian Dadakhel Dadu Daharki Dandot Dargai Darya khan Daska Daud khel Daulat pur Daur Deh pathaan Depal pur Dera ghazi khan Dera ismail khan Dera murad jamali Dera nawab sahib Dhatmal Dhoun kal Digri Dijkot Dina Dinga Doaaba Doltala Domeli Dudial Dunyapur Eminabad Estate l.m factory Faisalabad Farooqabad Fateh pur Feroz walla Feroz watan Feteh jhang Fiza got Gadoon amazai Gaggo mandi Gakhar mandi Gambet Garh maharaja Garh more Gari habibullah Gari mori Gawadar Gharo Ghazi Ghotki Gilgit Gohar ghoushti Gojar khan Gojra Goular khel Guddu Gujjar khan Gujranwala Gujrat Hafizabad Hala Hangu Hari pur Hariwala Haroonabad Hasilpur Hassan abdal Hattar Hattian lawrencepur Haveli lakha Havelian Hayatabad Hazro Head marala Hub inds estate Hyderabad Issa khel Jaccobabad Jaja abasian Jalal pur jatan Jalal pur priwala Jampur Jamrud road Jamshoro Jan pur Jandanwala Jaranwala Jauharabad Jehangira Jehanian Jehlum Jhal Magsi Jhand Jhang Jhatta bhutta Jhelum Jhudo Joharabad Kabir wala Kacha khooh Kahuta Kakul Kakur town Kala bagh Kala shah kaku Kalar syedian Kalaswala Kallur kot Kamalia Kamalia musa Kamber ali khan Kamokey Kamra Kandh kot Kandiaro Karak Karoor pacca Karore lalisan Kashmir Kashmore Kasur Kazi ahmed Khair pur Khair pur mir Khairpur nathan shah Khan qah sharif Khanbel Khandabad Khanewal Khangarh Khanqah dogran Khanqah sharif Kharian Khewra Khoski Khurian wala Khushab Khushal kot Khuzdar Kohat Kot addu Kot bunglow Kot ghulam mohd Kot mithan Kot radha kishan Kotla Kotla arab ali khan Kotla jam Kotla patdan Kotli loharan Kotri Kumbh Kundina Kunjah Kunri Laki marwat Lala musa Lala rukh Laliah Lalshanra Larkana Lasbella Lawrence pur Layyah Liaquat pur Lodhran Ludhan Machi goth Madina Mailsi Makli Malakwal Mamu kunjan Mandi bahauddin Mandra Manga mandi Mangal sada Mangi Mangla Mangowal Manoabad Manshera Mardan Mari indus Mastoi Matiari Matli Mehar Mehmood kot Mehrab pur Mian chunnu Mian Walli Mingora Mir ali Miran shah Mirpur Mirpur khas Mirpur mathelo Mohen jo daro More kunda Morgah Moro Mubarik pur Multan Muridkay Murree Musafir khana Mustung Muzaffarabad Muzaffargarh Nankana sahib Narang mandi Narowal Naseerabad Naudero Naukot Naukundi Nawab shah New saeedabad Nilore Noor kot Noorpur nooranga Nowshera Nowshera cantt Nowshero peroz Okara Other Padidan Pak china fertilizer Pak pattan sharif Panjan kisan Panjgoor Pannu aqil Pasni Pasroor Patoki Peshawar Phagwar Phalia Phool nagar Piaro goth Pindi bhohri Pindi dadan khan Pindi gheb Pir mahal Pishin Qalandarabad Qasba gujrat Qazi ahmed Quaidabad Quetta Rabwah Rahimyar khan Rahwali Raiwand Rajana Rajanpur Rangoo Ranipur Ratto dero Rawala kot Rawalpindi Rawat Renala khurd Risalpur Rohri Sadiqabad Sagri Sahiwal Saidu sharif Sajawal Sakrand Samanabad Sambrial Samma satta Samundri Sanghar Sanghi Sangla hill Sangote Sanjwal Sara e alamgir Sara e naurang Sargodha Satyana bangla Sehar baqlas Serai alamgir Shadiwal Shah kot Shahdad kot Shahdad pur Shahpur chakar Shaikhupura Shamsabad Shankiari Shedani sharif Sheikhupura Shemier Shikar pur Shorkot Shujabad Sialkot Sibi Sihala Sikandarabad Silanwala Sita road Skardu Sohawa district daska Sohawa district jelum Sukkur Swabi Swatmingora Takhtbai Talagang Talamba Talhur Tando adam Tando allahyar Tando jam Tando mohd khan Tank Tarbela Tarmatan Taunsa sharif Taxila Tharo shah Thatta Theing jattan more Thull Tibba sultanpur Tobatek singh Topi Toru Trinda mohd pannah Turbat Ubaro Ugoki Ukba Umar kot Upper deval Usta mohammad Vehari Village Sunder Wah cantt Wahi hassain Wan radha ram Warah Warburton Wazirabad Yazman mandi Zahir pir. Question: What is capital of Pakistan? *. (Answer can be from islamabad | lahore ). Spam comments will not be approved at all.. Energizer Energy E520 LTE Reviews & User Opinions. Get a Free Mobile by posting Energizer Energy E520 LTE review. Abdul Aleem February 25, 2018. Ritik Nonia February 25, 2018. Rates in spice mobile m900 tv projector online home delivery. shahid February 25, 2018. Hassan Ali February 25, 2018. I like this samsung galaxy j7 max. Abdul wahab February 24, 2018. azizullah February 24, 2018. kashif February 24, 2018. i want to buy htc 10 life style. ashar February 23, 2018. Xiaomi Redmi Note 5 Pro Reviews. Or kitnay waqt main mujy mil sakta hy .or kis tareeqy. Najeeb ullah February 22, 2018. mere pass Alcatel A3 hy sel krna hy anyone need than contact me.. Asad Ali February 22, 2018. © 2008-2018 mobile-phone.pk PKR mobile prices in Pakistan Karachi, Lahore, Islamabad, India. 
Apple Google HTC Huawei LG Motorola Nokia OnePlus Samsung Sony Xiaomi. Home Smartphones Energizer Energy E520 LTE. Energizer Energy E520 LTE Specs and review. Energizer Energy E520 LTE is smartphone from 2017 year. For its performance cares processor Quad-core, Cortex-A53 with operating frequency of 1300Mhz. The device's screen is 5.2 inches. The camera has a sensor of 13 MP. For the life of the phone cares battery with capacity of 4000 mAh. The smartphone comes with operating system Android 6.0 (Marshmallow). This is just a short description. For detailed specifications and all features refer to the table below and leave your comments.. Operating system (OS) Android 6.0 (Marshmallow). Processor 1 (CPU) 1300 MHz, Quad-core, Cortex-A53. External memory microSD, up to 32 GB (uses SIM 2 slot). Internal memory 16 GB, 2 GB RAM. GSM 850 / 900 / 1800 / 1900 - SIM 1 & SIM 23G bands. LTE band 1(2100), 3(1800), 7(2600), 8(900), 20(800). Up to 220 h (3G)Talk time. Dimension (HxWxD, mm) 150.8 Ð¥ 76.2 Ð¥ 11.1. SIM card Hybrid Dual SIM (Nano-SIM, dual stand-by). - Geo-tagging, touch focus, face detection, HDR, panorama. - Fingerprint (rear-mounted), accelerometer, proximity, compass. Energizer Energy E520 LTE - comments and opinions. Did you find an error in the catalog? Tell us about it and we will fix it as soon as possible.. If you want to thank you tell us your email:). In our database there are 4337 smartphones from 95 brands And we continue to add new ones. Energizer Energy E520 LTE VS Huawei P9 lite. Energizer Energy E520 LTE VS Samsung Galaxy S4. PhonesData is the Web site where you can find information about the full technical specifications of all smartphones. We have added specifications such as size of the screen, processor MHz, MP of camera, battery, weight, operating system, and many more!. We are adding daily new devices and checking the old errors. However, it is possible catalog to have inaccuracies. Not responsible for incorrect entered information. The latest smartphones you can buy from Amazon, Ebay, your mobile operator, the formal representation or other souvenirs of your choice at their price price.. Apple Google HTC Huawei LG Motorola Nokia OnePlus Samsung Sony Xiaomi. 2018 Â© PhonesData - All rights reserved.. 
Are you human, bot or alien?. 
About Phones Energizer Energy E520 LTE. Full Specification Energizer Energy E520 LTE. SIM : Hybrid Dual SIM (Nano-SIM, dual stand-by). Screen Display : 5.2 inches, LTPS IPS LCD capacitive touchscreen, 16M colors, 720 x 1280 pixels. Protection : Corning Gorilla Glass 3. OS : Android 6.0 Marshmallow. CPU : Cortex-A53 Quad-core 1.3 GHz. Memory : 2 GB RAM, 16 GB Internal, microSD, up to 32 GB. Rear Camera : 13 MP, autofocus, LED flash. Camera Features : Geo-tagging, HDR, touch focus, panorama, face detection. Front Camera : 5 MP. Bluetooth : 4.0, LE, A2DP. GPS : GLONASS, with A-GPS. Sensors : Fingerprint (rear-mounted, proximity, compass, accelerometer. Battery : Non-removable Li-Ion 4000 mAh. Full Specification : Allview X4 Soul Style. Full Specification : Acer Liquid Gallant Duo. Full Specification : Acer Liquid Jade. Privacy & Cookies: This site uses cookies. To find out more, as well as how to remove or block these, see here:. Powered by HostBlast & Automatic. 
Latest Updated Mobile Prices in Pakistan, Mobile specifications Online 2018. Post your reviews & opinions for Energizer mobile set Energy E520 LTE .. Mobile Sets » Energizer Mobiles » Energizer Energy E520 LTE specifications » Post your opinion about Energizer Energy E520 LTE. Energizer Energy E520 LTE Mobile Price in Pakistani Rs. Energizer sets 5000 to 10000 Rs. Energizer sets < 10000 to 15000 Rs. Energizer sets < 15000 to 25000 Rs. - Be polite and use common sense. - Expressions of hatred based on race/ethnicity, sex, sexual orientation, disability, and religion are strictly prohibited. - Be first to give honest reviews and win free mobile every month via Lucky Draw! You must have given honest reviews on at least 10 different mobiles in a month to get free mobile via Lucky Draw. - If you want to sell your Energizer Energy E520 LTE, follow Sell Used Energizer Energy E520 LTE. If you don't follow the above rules, your post will be never approved and your IP will get banned.. Post your reviews & opinion about Energizer Energy E520 LTE. Abbotabad Abdul hakim Adda jahan khan Adda shaiwala Akhora khattak Ali chak Allahabad Amangarh Arif wala Arifwala Attock Babri banda Badin Bahawalnagar Bahawalpur Balakot Bannu Barbar loi Barbar loi Baroute Bat khela Bhai pheru Bhakkar Bhalwal Bhan saeedabad Bhera Bhimbar Bhirya road Bhuawana Blitang Buchay key Burewala Chacklala Chacklala Chaininda Chak 4 b c Chak 46 Chak jamal Chak jhumra Chak sawara Chak sheza Chakwal Charsada Chashma Chawinda Chicha watni Chiniot Chishtian Chitral Chohar jamali Choppar hatta Chowha saidan shah Chowk azam Chowk mailta Chowk munda Chunian Dadakhel Dadu Daharki Dandot Dargai Darya khan Daska Daud khel Daulat pur Daur Deh pathaan Depal pur Dera ghazi khan Dera ismail khan Dera murad jamali Dera nawab sahib Dhatmal Dhoun kal Digri Dijkot Dina Dinga Doaaba Doltala Domeli Dudial Dunyapur Eminabad Estate l.m factory Faisalabad Farooqabad Fateh pur Feroz walla Feroz watan Feteh jhang Fiza got Gadoon amazai Gaggo mandi Gakhar mandi Gambet Garh maharaja Garh more Gari habibullah Gari mori Gawadar Gharo Ghazi Ghotki Gilgit Gohar ghoushti Gojar khan Gojra Goular khel Guddu Gujjar khan Gujranwala Gujrat Hafizabad Hala Hangu Hari pur Hariwala Haroonabad Hasilpur Hassan abdal Hattar Hattian lawrencepur Haveli lakha Havelian Hayatabad Hazro Head marala Hub inds estate Hyderabad Issa khel Jaccobabad Jaja abasian Jalal pur jatan Jalal pur priwala Jampur Jamrud road Jamshoro Jan pur Jandanwala Jaranwala Jauharabad Jehangira Jehanian Jehlum Jhal Magsi Jhand Jhang Jhatta bhutta Jhelum Jhudo Joharabad Kabir wala Kacha khooh Kahuta Kakul Kakur town Kala bagh Kala shah kaku Kalar syedian Kalaswala Kallur kot Kamalia Kamalia musa Kamber ali khan Kamokey Kamra Kandh kot Kandiaro Karak Karoor pacca Karore lalisan Kashmir Kashmore Kasur Kazi ahmed Khair pur Khair pur mir Khairpur nathan shah Khan qah sharif Khanbel Khandabad Khanewal Khangarh Khanqah dogran Khanqah sharif Kharian Khewra Khoski Khurian wala Khushab Khushal kot Khuzdar Kohat Kot addu Kot bunglow Kot ghulam mohd Kot mithan Kot radha kishan Kotla Kotla arab ali khan Kotla jam Kotla patdan Kotli loharan Kotri Kumbh Kundina Kunjah Kunri Laki marwat Lala musa Lala rukh Laliah Lalshanra Larkana Lasbella Lawrence pur Layyah Liaquat pur Lodhran Ludhan Machi goth Madina Mailsi Makli Malakwal Mamu kunjan Mandi bahauddin Mandra Manga mandi Mangal sada Mangi Mangla Mangowal Manoabad Manshera Mardan Mari indus Mastoi Matiari Matli Mehar Mehmood kot Mehrab pur Mian chunnu Mian Walli Mingora Mir ali Miran shah Mirpur Mirpur khas Mirpur mathelo Mohen jo daro More kunda Morgah Moro Mubarik pur Multan Muridkay Murree Musafir khana Mustung Muzaffarabad Muzaffargarh Nankana sahib Narang mandi Narowal Naseerabad Naudero Naukot Naukundi Nawab shah New saeedabad Nilore Noor kot Noorpur nooranga Nowshera Nowshera cantt Nowshero peroz Okara Other Padidan Pak china fertilizer Pak pattan sharif Panjan kisan Panjgoor Pannu aqil Pasni Pasroor Patoki Peshawar Phagwar Phalia Phool nagar Piaro goth Pindi bhohri Pindi dadan khan Pindi gheb Pir mahal Pishin Qalandarabad Qasba gujrat Qazi ahmed Quaidabad Quetta Rabwah Rahimyar khan Rahwali Raiwand Rajana Rajanpur Rangoo Ranipur Ratto dero Rawala kot Rawalpindi Rawat Renala khurd Risalpur Rohri Sadiqabad Sagri Sahiwal Saidu sharif Sajawal Sakrand Samanabad Sambrial Samma satta Samundri Sanghar Sanghi Sangla hill Sangote Sanjwal Sara e alamgir Sara e naurang Sargodha Satyana bangla Sehar baqlas Serai alamgir Shadiwal Shah kot Shahdad kot Shahdad pur Shahpur chakar Shaikhupura Shamsabad Shankiari Shedani sharif Sheikhupura Shemier Shikar pur Shorkot Shujabad Sialkot Sibi Sihala Sikandarabad Silanwala Sita road Skardu Sohawa district daska Sohawa district jelum Sukkur Swabi Swatmingora Takhtbai Talagang Talamba Talhur Tando adam Tando allahyar Tando jam Tando mohd khan Tank Tarbela Tarmatan Taunsa sharif Taxila Tharo shah Thatta Theing jattan more Thull Tibba sultanpur Tobatek singh Topi Toru Trinda mohd pannah Turbat Ubaro Ugoki Ukba Umar kot Upper deval Usta mohammad Vehari Village Sunder Wah cantt Wahi hassain Wan radha ram Warah Warburton Wazirabad Yazman mandi Zahir pir. Reply to post / answer to question. Your comment about Energizer Energy E520 LTE mobile set. Question: What is capital of Pakistan?. (write answer of question to know that you are human). I want to sale my mobile samsung J5 in 1. I want to sale my mobile samsung J 5 bla. its a new technology in pakistan i want. plz contact me brother ye sat kahan say. plz contact me brother ye sat kahan say. I give u Samsung galaxy grand prime in 1. © 2016-2017 mobile-phone.pk PKR mobile prices in Pakistan Karachi, Lahore, Islamabad, India. 
