CNET también está disponible en español.. Energizer's Energy Hardcase phones keep going and going. Known for its batteries, Energizer showcased its Energy Hardcase series of phones at CES 2015.. by January 9, 2015 2:56 PM PST. Energizer showcases Energy 500 rugged smartphone at CES (pictures). LAS VEGAS -- Earlier this week during CES 2015 , Energizer showcased a prototype line of durable cell phones and smartphones. Known mostly for its batteries, the company unsurprisingly touted the handsets' long-lasting battery capacities. The devices are manufactured by DDM Brands and will be part of what Energizer calls its Hardcase series of phones.. The smartphones of CES 2015 (pictures). Smartphone showing at CES 2015 a preamble for huge MWC to come. At CES 2015, smartphones were all about the selfie. There are four phones altogether -- two feature and two smart -- and they're called the Energizer Energy 200, 240, 400, and 500. All of them sport an industrial, rugged design that feel heavy in the hand. The 400 and 500 smartphones will both launch with Android 4.4 KitKat, are dustproof, and satisfy IP68 waterproofing standards.. The 400 has a 2,500mAh battery and a 1.3GHz dual-core MediaTek processor. It also has an 8-megapixel rear-facing camera and a 2-megapixel front-facing shooter. The higher-end 500 has a 3,000mAh battery that Energizer reps say last twice as long as the Apple iPhone 6. The handset also has a 1.3GHz quad-core MediaTek CPU, a 13-megapixel camera, and a 5-megapixel front camera.. Energizer showcases Energy 500 rugged smartphone at CES (pictures). Unfortunately, no pricing or availability date were released. Currently, there are a number of rugged handsets available on the market, like Kyocera's Dura series. However, with brand-recognition working towards Energizer's favor in association with battery quality, new users may find its Hardcase series enticing enough to try the devices out.. For more on CES 2015, read CNET's full coverage here .. Visit manufacturer site for details.. Best Phones for 2018. See All. Samsung’s king of phones is excellent, but you'll pay a pretty penny for stylus privileges.. A radical redesign that's nearly all screen includes a new cutting-edge facial recognition.... LG just gave Samsung a run for the money.. But we're still waiting on the Siri-like AI.. The Pixel 2's superb camera makes it worth a look.. This week on CNET News. Homeland Security's tall order: A hacker-free election. 'Annihilation' director wove memory into a dream-like movie. Dogecoin: The joke cryptocurrency that was too real for its own good. Be respectful, keep it clean and stay on topic. We delete comments that violate our policy , which we encourage you to read. Discussion threads can be closed at any time at our discretion.. CNET may earn fees when you click through to a partner site.. 
Energizer Energy 500 - user opinions and reviews. i can hear the caller very clear but the caller can't hear me nicely very low. any idea if this can be fixed. This phone is very bulky and odd I thought Energizer made batteries apparently not the 3000 mAh battery is great the megapixels on this phone are amazing. i have problem ip68 energy500 this new when i play game in VR gyroscope cant stop rolling but i already set the gyroscope sensor what i need to do? i dont have any idea to solve this problem on my energizer energy 500 and one thing problem cant update to new virsion lollipop. i was disapointed company plz..help and fix this problem..... 18.8mm thickness and all they could put in it is a 3000mah battery. Even some 7mm phones have bigger batteries than that! This is a joke!. andrea, 02 Apr 2016 and ' it broke the charger cable , and I can not find a cable that fits the market .... Have you find a solution ?. and ' it broke the charger cable , and I can not find a cable that fits the market .... have all the short plug and do not come to make contact. Usually sold as "V8 Hummer H6" on Chinese web shops for $200. is this some kind of joke?. is it just me or anyone else did check on the release date of this dummy?. well yeah i did, four times - Feb 2016!. why bother to invest if u wan to fail?. procssr of 1GB? and a 13 MP shooter with only 720p?. sure it looks rigid BUT would you still be able to use this phone with a glove on as per advert?. As a company well known for its Battery module - with Energy 500 rigid outdoor looks - a 6,000mAh and 20MP shooter and 4GB 820 Snapdragon - would easily secured them a number ONE spot for being the best 'outdoor' phone and of course - a DEFINITE homerun!!. who exactly were responsible behind all these models release?? - simply a moronic act, nuff said - and these kinds of people allow to be rich, jeezzz!!. Only things I like it long lasting battery, if you claim this then show it. They should launch 6,000 mAh model with ability to charge other phones. If you are top in the battery business, step in GSM world with a style.. Total of 13 user reviews and opinions for Energizer Energy 500 .. Samsung Apple Nokia Sony LG HTC Motorola Huawei Microsoft Lenovo Xiaomi Google Acer Asus Oppo OnePlus Meizu BlackBerry Alcatel ZTE Toshiba Vodafone Energizer XOLO Lava Micromax BLU Gionee vivo LeEco Panasonic HP YU verykool Maxwest Plum. Energizer Energy 400 Cat S40 Energizer Energy S500E. Energizer Power Max P16K Pro Energizer Power Max P600S Energizer Hardcase H550S Energizer Power Max P550S Energizer Hardcase H240S Energizer Energy 500. 
152.3 x 80.6 x 18.8 mm. Android OS v4.4 ( KitKat ). 13 MP 4128 x 3096 px autofocus. 850 / 900 / 1800 / 1900. Certified IP68 dustproof and waterproof Dual SIM. DroidChart.com / Smartphones / Energizer / Energizer Energy 500 (2015). 5 inches 720 x 1280 px. The detailed specifications, photos and introductory video of the Energizer Energy 500 (E500). The list of the competitors most often compared to the Energizer Energy 500 smartphone.. The Energizer Energy 500 (E500) smartphone released in 2015. It is powered by Mediatek MT6582 chipset, 1 GB of RAM and 8 GB of internal storage.. The Energizer Energy 500 runs on Android OS v4.4 (KitKat) out of the box. It comes with a Li-Ion 3000 mAh battery. It features a 5 inches IPS display with 720 x 1280 px resolution. The IPS technology is one of the most leading LCD technologies in the world.. The Energizer Energy 500 runs on Android OS v4.4 (KitKat) out of the box, but the Energy 500's firmware can be upgraded to a newer version of OS.. Screen size is measured in inches, diagonally from corner to corner. The 5 inches IPS capacitive touch screen with 720 x 1280 px resolution is multitouch capable.. The smartphone's memory (1 GB) cannot be expanded, but the storage (8 GB) can be expanded with a microSD card.. The camera of the Energizer Energy 500 is equipped with autofocus. Autofocus is a camera feature that fine-tunes the focus of the camera, it is a nice feature of this smartphone.. This smartphone has a built-in GPS receiver. GPS is a satellite based navigation system that allows the determination of the exact geographical location on Earth. This Energizer smartphone has FM radio receiver.. The Li-Ion 3000 mAh battery gives the smartphone a good battery backup. This is a low maintenance battery. No periodic discharge is needed and charging can be done at random.. The smartphone sensors measure physical quantities and transmit them to the application processor. The phones's accelerometer is a built-in electronic component that measures tilt and motion. The proximity sensor detects when a user is holding the phone near their face during a call and turns off the display to prevent keypad presses and battery consumption from the display. The Energy 500 has Dual SIM capability, which means that you can insert two different SIM cards and use them both from one phone.. Compare Energizer Energy 500 to other smartphones. The specifications above are based on the official data published by the manufacturer, but we also take user reviews into consideration. If you found an error or something lacking in the specifications above for the Energizer Energy 500, then don’t hesitate and signal the problem to us.. According to our statistics, the Energizer Energy 500 smartphone was most often compared on our site with the following smartphones.. Compare Energizer Energy 500 to other smartphones. If there’s information about the Energizer Energy 500 that you would like to see on this site, then write to our webmaster@droidchart.com address.. 
Home › Energizer › Energy 500 Energizer Energy 500 - Specifications. Most recent comparisons including Energizer Energy 500 List of the latest comparisons made by the website visitors, which include Energizer Energy 500 Last viewed devices List of mobile devices, whose specifications have been recently viewed.. Width Height Thickness Weight Write a review. Dimensions : 80.6 x 152.3 x 18.8 mm Weight : 284 g SoC : MediaTek MT6582 CPU : ARM Cortex-A7, 1300 MHz, Cores : 4 GPU : ARM Mali-400 MP2, 500 MHz, Cores : 2 RAM : 1 GB, 533 MHz Storage : 8 GB Memory cards : microSD, microSDHC, microSDXC Display : 5 in, IPS, 720 x 1280 pixels, 24 bit Battery : 3000 mAh, Li-Ion OS : Android 4.4.2 KitKat Camera : 4128 x 3096 pixels, 1280 x 720 pixels, 30 fps SIM card : Micro-SIM, Mini-SIM Wi-Fi : a, b, g, n, Wi-Fi Hotspot USB : 2.0, Micro USB Bluetooth : 4.0 Positioning : GPS, A-GPS. Brand and model Information about the brand, model and model alias (if any) of a specific device. Brand Energizer Model Energy 500 Design Information about the dimensions and weight of the device, shown in different measurement units. Width 80.6 mm (millimeters) 8.06 cm (centimeters) 0.26 ft (feet) 3.17 in (inches) Height 152.3 mm (millimeters) 15.23 cm (centimeters) 0.5 ft (feet) 6 in (inches) Thickness 18.8 mm (millimeters) 1.88 cm (centimeters) 0.06 ft (feet) 0.74 in (inches) Weight 284 g (grams) 0.63 lbs (pounds) 10.02 oz (ounces) Volume 230.78 cm³ (cubic centimeters) 14.01 in³ (cubic inches) Colors Black Certification IP68 SIM card The Subscriber Identity Module (SIM) is used in mobile devices for storing data authenticating the subscribers of mobile services. SIM card type Micro-SIM (3FF - third form factor, since 2003, 15.00 x 12.00 x 0.76 mm) Mini-SIM (2FF - second form factor, since late 1990s, 25.00 x 15.00 x 0.76 mm) Number of SIM cards 2 Features Dual SIM stand-by (Both cards are active. When one is busy, the other is not active) Networks A mobile (cellular) network is a radio system, which allows a large number of mobile devices to communicate with each other. GSM GSM 850 MHz GSM 900 MHz GSM 1800 MHz GSM 1900 MHz UMTS UMTS 850 MHz UMTS 900 MHz UMTS 1900 MHz UMTS 2100 MHz Mobile network technologies and bandwidth Communication between devices within mobile networks is realized via various generations of network technologies, which provide different bandwidth. Mobile network technologies UMTS (384 kbit/s ) EDGE GPRS HSPA+ (HSUPA 5.76 Mbit/s , HSDPA 21 Mbit/s ) Operating system Operating system is the system software, which manages and controls the functioning of the hardware components of the device. Operating system (OS) Android 4.4.2 KitKat System on Chip (SoC) A system on a chip (SoC) includes into a single chip some of the main hardware components of the mobile device. SoC MediaTek MT6582 Process technology 28 nm (nanometers) CPU ARM Cortex-A7 CPU bits 32 bit Instruction set ARMv7 Level 1 cache memory (L1) 32 KB + 32 KB (kilobytes) Level 2 cache memory (L2) 512 KB (kilobytes) 0.5 MB (megabytes) CPU cores 4 CPU frequency 1300 MHz (megahertz) GPU ARM Mali-400 MP2 GPU cores 2 GPU frequency 500 MHz (megahertz) RAM capacity 1 GB (gigabytes) RAM channels Single channel RAM frequency 533 MHz (megahertz) Storage Every mobile device has a built-in storage (internal memory) with a fixed capacity. Storage 8 GB (gigabytes) Memory cards Memory cards are used in mobile devices for expanding their external storage capacity. Types microSD microSDHC microSDXC Display The display of a mobile device is characterized by its technology, resolution, pixel density, diagonal length, color depth, etc. Type/technology IPS Diagonal size 5 in (inches) 127 mm (millimeters) 12.7 cm (centimeters) Width 2.45 in (inches) 62.26 mm (millimeters) 6.23 cm (centimeters) Height 4.36 in (inches) 110.69 mm (millimeters) 11.07 cm (centimeters) Aspect ratio 1.778:1 16:9 Resolution 720 x 1280 pixels Pixel density 294 ppi (pixels per inch) 115 ppcm (pixels per centimeter) Color depth 24 bit 16777216 colors Display area 56.33 % (percent) Other features Capacitive Multi-touch Scratch resistant Sensors Different sensors measure different physical quantities and convert them into signals recognizable by the mobile device. Sensors Proximity Light Accelerometer Compass Gyroscope Primary camera The primary camera of the mobile device is usually placed at its back and is used for taking photos and recording videos. Sensor type CMOS (complementary metal-oxide semiconductor) Flash type LED Image resolution 4128 x 3096 pixels 12.78 MP (megapixels) Video resolution 1280 x 720 pixels 0.92 MP (megapixels) Video FPS 30 fps (frames per second) Features Autofocus Continuous shooting Digital zoom Digital image stabilization Geotagging Panorama HDR Touch focus White balance settings ISO settings Exposure compensation Scene mode Secondary camera Secondary cameras are placed above the screen of the device and are usually used for video calls, gesture recognition, etc. Image resolution 2560 x 1920 pixels 4.92 MP (megapixels) Video resolution 640 x 480 pixels 0.31 MP (megapixels) Video FPS 30 fps (frames per second) Audio Information about the type of speakers and the audio technologies supported by the device. Speaker Loudspeaker Earpiece Radio The radio in a mobile device is a built-in FM radio receiver. Radio Yes Tracking/Positioning Information about the positioning and navigation technologies supported by the device. Tracking/Positioning GPS A-GPS Wi-Fi Wi-Fi is a technology that provides wireless data connections between various devices within a short range. Wi-Fi 802.11a (IEEE 802.11a-1999) 802.11b (IEEE 802.11b-1999) 802.11g (IEEE 802.11g-2003) 802.11n (IEEE 802.11n-2009) Wi-Fi Hotspot Bluetooth Bluetooth is a standard for secure wireless data transfer between different types of devices over short distances. Version 4.0 Features A2DP (Advanced Audio Distribution Profile) LE (Low Energy) USB The Universal Serial Bus (USB) is an industry standard that allows different electronic devices to exchange data. Connector type Micro USB Version 2.0 Features Charging Mass storage Headphone jack The headphone jack is an audio phone connector, a.k.a. The most widely used one in mobile devices is the 3.5 mm headphone jack. Headphone jack Yes Connectivity Information about other important connectivity technologies supported by the devices. Connectivity Computer sync OTA sync Tethering Browser A web browser is a software application for accessing, fetching, displaying and navigating through information on the World Wide Web. Browser HTML HTML5 CSS 3 Audio file formats/codecs Mobile devices support various audio file formats and codecs, which respectively store and code/decode digital audio data. Audio file formats/codecs AAC (Advanced Audio Coding) AMR / AMR-NB / GSM-AMR (Adaptive Multi-Rate, .amr, .3ga) eAAC+ / aacPlus v2 / HE-AAC v2 MIDI MP3 (MPEG-2 Audio Layer II, .mp3) WMA (Windows Media Audio, .wma) WAV (Waveform Audio File Format, .wav, .wave) Video file formats/codecs Mobile devices support various video file formats and codecs, which respectively store and code/decode digital video data. Video file formats/codecs 3GPP (3rd Generation Partnership Project, .3gp) AVI (Audio Video Interleaved, .avi) DivX (.avi, .divx, .mkv) H.263 H.264 / MPEG-4 Part 10 / AVC video MKV (Matroska Multimedia Container, .mkv .mk3d .mka .mks) MP4 (MPEG-4 Part 14, .mp4, .m4a, .m4p, .m4b, .m4r, .m4v) Xvid Battery The batteries of mobile devices differ in capacity and technology. They provide the electrical charge needed for the functioning of the devices. Capacity 3000 mAh (milliampere-hours) Type Li-Ion 2G talk time 16 h (hours) 960 min (minutes) 0.7 days 2G stand-by time 400 h (hours) 24000 min (minutes) 16.7 days 3G talk time 16 h (hours) 960 min (minutes) 0.7 days 3G stand-by time 400 h (hours) 24000 min (minutes) 16.7 days Charger output power 5 V (volts) / 1.2 A (amps) Features Removable. Brand name of the company that manufactures the device.. the horizontal side of the device when it is used in its standard orientation.. the vertical side of the device when it is used in its standard orientation.. Information about the thickness/depth of the device in different measurement units.. Information about the weight of the device in different measurement units.. Estimated volume of the device, calculated from the dimensions provided by the manufacturer. Applies for devices in the form of a rectangular parallelepiped.. Information about the colors, in which the device is available in the market.. Information about the standards, in which the device is certified.. Information about the type and size (form factor) of the SIM card used in the device.. Information about the number of SIM cards, supported by the device.. Information about some specific features related to the SIM card(s) of the device.. GSM (Global System for Mobile Communications) was developed to replace the analog cellular network (1G), therefore it is referred to as a 2G mobile network. It has been improved with the addition of General Packet Radio Services (GPRS) and later via the Enhanced Data rates for GSM Evolution (EDGE) technology.. UMTS stands for Universal Mobile Telecommunications System. Based on the GSM standard, it is deemed as a 3G mobile network standard. It has been developed by the 3GPP and its major advantage is the provision of greater bandwidth and spectral efficiency, due to the W-CDMA technology.. There are several network technologies that enhance the performance of mobile networks mainly by increased data bandwidth. Information about the communication technologies supported by the device and their respective uplink and downlink bandwidth.. Information about the operating system used by the device as well as its version.. The SoC integrates different hardware components such as the CPU, GPU, memory, peripherals, interfaces, etc., as well as software for their functioning.. Information about the process technology used in manufacturing the chip. The value in nanometers represents half the distance between elements that make up the CPU.. CPU is the Central Processing Unit or the processor of a mobile device. Its main function is to interpret and execute instructions contained in software applications.. The CPU bits are determined by the bit-size of the processor registers, address buses and data buses. 64-bit CPUs provide better performance than 32-bit ones, which on their part perform better than 16-bit processors.. The instruction set architecture (ISA) is a set of commands used by the software to manage the CPU's work. Information about the set of instructions the processor can execute.. The cache memory is used by the processor in order to shorten the time needed to access data and instructions that a frequently used. The L1 (level 1) cache memory has a small volume, but operates faster than the RAM and the rest cache memory levels. If the processor does not find the data needed in L1, it continues to look for it in the L2 cache memory. In some processors the search in L1 and L2 is simultaneous.. The L2 (level 2) cache memory is slower than L1, but has a larger capacity, instead, which allows it to cache more data. Just like L1, it is much faster than the system memory (RAM). If the CPU does not find the data needed in L2, it proceeds to look for them in the L3 cache memory (if there is such) or in the RAM.. A CPU core is the processor unit, which executes software instructions. Presently, besides single-core processors, there are dual-core, quad-core, hexa-core and so on multi-core processors. They increase the performance of the device allowing the execution of multiple instructions in parallel.. The frequency of the processor describes its clock rate in cycles per second. It is measured in Megahertz (MHz) or Gigahertz (GHz).. GPU is a graphical processing unit, which handles computation for 2D/3D graphics applications. In mobile devices GPU is usually utilized by games, UI, video playback, etc. GPU can also perform computation in applications traditionally handled by the CPU.. Similar to the CPU, the GPU consists of processing units called cores. They handle the computation of graphics in various applications.. The frequency is the clock rate of the graphic processor (GPU), which is measured in Megahertz (MHz) or Gigahertz (GHz).. RAM (Random-Access Memory) is used by the operating system and all installed applications. Data in the RAM is lost after the device is turned off or restarted.. Information about the number of RAM channels integrated in the SoC. More channels mean higher data transfer rates.. RAM frequency relates directly to the rate of reading/writing from/in the RAM memory.. Information about the capacity of the built-in storage of the device. Sometimes one and the same model may is offered in variants with different internal storage capacity.. The various types of memory cards are characterized by different sizes and capacity. Information about the supported types of memory cards.. One of the main characteristics of the display is its type/technology, on which depends its performance.. In mobile devices display size is represented by the length of its diagonal measured in inches.. The ratio between the long and the short side of the display. The display resolution shows the number of pixels on the horizontal and vertical side of the screen. The higher the resolution is, the greater the detail of the displayed content.. Information about the number of pixels per centimeter (ppcm) or per inch (ppi) of the display. The higher the pixel density, the more detailed and clearer is the information displayed on the screen.. The color depth of the display is also known as bit depth. It shows the number of bits used for the color components of one pixel. Information about the maximum number of colors the screen can display.. The estimated percentage of the screen area from the device's front area.. Information about other functions and features of the display.. Sensors vary in type and purpose. They increase the overall functionality of the device, in which they are integrated.. Digital cameras use image sensors for taking photos. The sensor characteristics are some of the main factors determining the quality of the camera integrated in the mobile device.. Cameras of mobile devices use mainly a LED or a Xenon flash. The LED flash has a softer burst of light and in contrast to the much brighter Xenon flash, is used for recording videos as well.. One of the main characteristics of the cameras of mobile devices is their resolution, which shows the number of pixels on the horizontal and vertical dimensions of the image.. Information about the maximum resolution available for shooting a video with the device.. Information about the maximum number of frames per second (fps), supported by the device while recording a video at maximum resolution. Some of the main standard frame rates for recording and playing video are 24p, 25p, 30p, 60p.. Information about additional software and hardware features of the privamery camera, which improve its overall performance.. Information about the maximum image resolution of the secondary camera. Often, the resolution of the secondary camera is lower than the one of the primary camera.. Information about the maximum resolution available for shooting a video by the secondary camera.. Information about the maximum number of frames per second (fps), supported by the secondary camera while recording a video at maximum resolution.. The loudspeaker is a device, which reproduces various sounds such as ring tones, alarms, music, voice calls, etc. Information about the type of speakers the device uses.. Information whether the device has an FM radio receiver or not.. The tracking/positioning service is provided by various satellite navigation systems, which track the autonomous geo-spatial positioning of the device that supports them. The most common satellite navigation systems are the GPS and the GLONASS. There are also non-satellite technologies for locating mobile devices such as the Enhanced Observed Time Difference, Enhanced 911, GSM Cell ID.. Wi-Fi communication between devices is realized via the IEEE 802.11 standards. Some devices have the possibility to serve as Wi-Fi Hotspots by providing internet access for other nearby devices. Wi-Fi Direct (Wi-Fi P2P) is another useful standard that allows devices to communicate with each other without the need for wireless access point (WAP).. The technology has several versions, which improve the connection speed, range, connectivity and discoverability of the devices. Information about the Bluetooth version of the device.. Bluetooth uses various profiles and protocols related to faster exchange of data, energy saving, better device discoverability, etc. Some of those supported by the device are listed here.. There are several USB connector types: the Standard one, the Mini and Micro connectors, On-The-Go connectors, etc. Type of the USB connector used by the device.. There are several versions of the Universal Serial Bus (USB) standard: USB 1.0 (1996), the USB 2.0 (2000), the USB 3.0 (2008), etc. With each following version the rate of data transfer is increased.. Тhe USB interface in mobile devices may be used for different purposes such as battery charging, using the device as a mass storage, host, etc.. Information whether the device is equipped with a 3.5 mm audio jack.. Information about some of the most widely used connectivity technologies supported by the device.. Information about some of the features and standards supported by the browser of the device.. List of some of the most common audio file formats and codecs supported standardly by the device.. List of some of the most common video file formats and codecs supported standardly by the device.. The capacity of a battery shows the maximum charge, which it can store, measured in mili-Ampere hours.. The battery type is determined by its structure and more specifically, by the chemicals used in it. There are different battery types and some of the most commonly used in mobile devices are the lithium-ion (Li-Ion) and the lithium-ion polymer battery (Li-Polymer).. 2G talk time is the time period a battery charge will last, if one is constantly talking on the phone in a 2G cellular network.. 2G stand-by time is the longest time a battery charge will last, if the device is not used but is constantly connected to the 2G cellular network.. 3G talk time is the time period a battery charge will last, if one is constantly talking on the phone in a 3G cellular network.. 3G stand-by time is the longest time a battery charge will last, if the device is not used but is constantly connected to the 3G mobile network.. Information about the electric current (amperes) and voltage (volts) the charger outputs. The higher power output allows faster charging.. Information about some additional features of the device's battery.. Provide information about, which of the published data you want to be edited as well as a reliable source, which confirms the accuracy of the information you suggest *. Enter the characters from the image: *. Dimensions : 80.6 x 152.3 x 18.8 mm Weight : 284 g SoC : MediaTek MT6582 CPU : ARM Cortex-A7, 1300 MHz, Cores : 4 GPU : ARM Mali-400 MP2, 500 MHz RAM : 1 GB, 533 MHz Storage : 8 GB Display : 5 in, IPS, 720 x 1280 pixels, 24 bit Battery : 3000 mAh, Li-Ion OS : Android 4.4.2 KitKat Camera : 4128 x 3096 pixels, 1280 x 720 pixels, 30 fps. The information on this website is provided on "as is, as available basis" without warranty of any kind. DeviceSpecifications is not responsible for any omissions, inaccuracies or other errors in the information it publishes. All warranties with respect to this information are disclaimed. Reproduction of any part of this website in its entirety or partially or in any form or medium without prior written permission is prohibited. The trademarks, marques and logos of the manufacturers of devices, software, hardware, etc. are the property of their respective owners.. 
The next video is starting stop. ENERGIZER ENERGY 500 - déballage par TFP. Want to watch this again later?. Sign in to add this video to a playlist.. Sign in to report inappropriate content.. Sign in to make your opinion count.. Sign in to make your opinion count.. The interactive transcript could not be loaded.. Rating is available when the video has been rented.. This feature is not available right now. Nouveauté dans le monde des smartphones endurcis et résistants avec cet Energizer Energy 500. Un smartphone, un vrai, avec écran tactile et résistance normé IP68 (résistant à l'eau, à la poussière et aux chutes). Un mobile original, qui trouve peu de concurrents en face de lui, et qui a son prix que certains pourraient dire "élitiste" : 399,90€ en septembre 2015. -------------------------------------------------- Retrouvez les offres de notre Opérateur Sponsor sur : http://www.top-for-phone.fr/operateur... -------------------------------------------------- ► Youtube (s'abonner) | http://www.youtube.com/subscription_c... ► Facebook | http://www.facebook.com/topforphone ► Twitter | http://www.twitter.com/topforphone ► Site web | http://www.top-for-phone.fr ► Forum | http://www.top-for-phone.fr/forum/. When autoplay is enabled, a suggested video will automatically play next.. ENERGIZER ENERGY 500 - test par TFP. Energizer E550 LTE na MWC 2017. ENERGIZER ENERGY 400 LTE - Shoch Water Proof Test. Smartphones Energizer par Yezz (CES 2015) - par Test-Mobile.fr. Energizer Energy 500 - Erster Eindruck deutsch | CHIP. Energizer Energy E550LTE Smartphone First Look ᴴᴰ. Land Rover Alps X8 GT smartphone tout terrain anti-chocs étanche test complet. Energizer Smartphone 400 | MWC | Hands On. 14 Secrets de Téléphone Géniaux Que Peu de Personnes Connaissent. Yezz Mobile e Energizer per i Rugged Phone ad IFA 2015. Téléphone Militaire - écran 4,3 pouces, étanche, antichoc, antipoussière, photo 8MP. IFA 2017: Energizer PowerMax P550S - primele impresii | GADGET.RO |. Présentation du smartphone durci l'Energizer Energy 500GR. Test : un smarpthone de baroudeur signé Caterpillar. Energizer's Rugged Smartphone Packs a Beefy 4000mAh Battery. Smartphone Caterpillar S40 : le test. The Energizer Dual Zone charges phones slickly without wires. Les smartphones durcis : la minute mobile. Sign in to add this to Watch Later. 
GSM 850 / 900 / 1800 / 1900 - SIM 1 & SIM 2. HSDPA 850 / 1900 - EM5EL043. HSDPA 900 / 2100 - EM5EL047. Dual SIM (Mini-SIM/ Micro-SIM, dual stand-by). Geo-tagging, touch focus, face/smile detection, HDR. SMS(threaded view), MMS, Email, Push Email, IM. IPS LCD capacitive touchscreen, 16M colors. 5.0 inches, 68.9 cm2 (~56.1% screen-to-body ratio). Up to 18 h 40 min. - DivX/XviD/MP4/H.264/WMV player - MP3/WAV/eAAC+ player - Photo/video editor - Document editor. Do you want to know about latest smartphones and their prices in Pakistan? Visit our very fresh collection for all the latest prices and smartphones at. We give you a holistic platform to know latest Prices and up-to-date specifications of latest handsets. This integrated channel of ours has informative bench to sit on for the roller coaster ride to latest Energizer Mobile Phone Prices, news and reviews that will serve the ultimate purpose to top up your thirst for new technological horizons. Keep visiting and keep refilling your glass for all the latest Smartphone and Prices on. Energizer gives its best shot with Energizer Energy 500 .. While gaining immense appreciation in Pakistan, the handset stands up at a. reasonable Price of 26850 Daily Updated 26-02-2018 Mobile Price. For every latest development on Energizer Energy 500. Mobile Price in Pakistan, keep visiting Mobile Phone Collection. Get New Energizer Energy 500 Mobile Price and Full Specification here.. Energizer Energy 500 include SIM:Dual SIM (Mini-SIM/ Micro-SIM, dual stand-by), IPS LCD capacitive touchscreen, 16M colors and 5.0 inches, 68.9 cm2 (~56.1% screen-to-body ratio) and .. Energizer Energy 500 OS: Android 4.4 (KitKat) and Mediatek MT6582 and Quad-core 1.3 GHz Cortex-A7. Energizer Energy 500 Internal Memory: 8 GB, 1 GB RAM and Card Slot: microSD, up to 64 GB. Energizer Energy 500 Rear Camera 13 MP, autofocus, LED flash and Front Camera: 5 MP.. In order to learn detailed specifications, kindly visit our Specification. and Features Page for Energizer Energy 500 and get to know the latest. about the handset and its Price. Mobile Phone Collection have all to. 
Drill into information and properties on all devices or contribute information with the Device Browser .. Use the Data Explorer to explore and analyze DeviceAtlas data.. Check our available device properties from our Property List .. Test a User-Agent with the User-Agent Tester .. Device Name HTML5 Hardware Streaming Environment Video Player Web Browser Audio Player JavaScript DRM Network Protocols JavaVM Beta Properties where you helped where you can help conflicted values dynamic properties client-side properties. See all Energizer devices >> Energizer Energy 500. Log in or sign up for a free DeviceAtlas account to see all available device capabilities.. The company/organisation that provides a device, browser or other component to the market. It can be a manufacturer, mobile operator or other organisation exclusively offering a product.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. The model name of a device, browser or some other component (e.g. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. The marketing name for a device.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. Primary organisation creating (not necessarily assembling) the device.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. This is the year that the device was released (or announced). Please login to add your opinion for this property.. True if the device is meant for use on the move.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. User may touch the screen to interact with the device.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. The total number of addressable pixels in the horizontal direction of a rectangular display when held in its default orientation. The Property does not apply to displays that are not rectangular or square.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. The total number of addressable pixels in the vertical direction of a rectangular display when held in its default orientation. The Property does not apply to displays that are not rectangular or square.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. The diagonal dimension of the screen in inches.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. The pixel density of the Device's screen. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. Ratio between physical pixels and device-independent pixels (dips) on the browser.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. The color depth of a display.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. The device has NFC (Near Field Communication) hardware.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. Megapixels of the camera if the device has one.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. The device is a mobile phone.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. The device is a tablet device.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. The device is a reading device.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. The device is a games console.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. The device is a set-top box.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. The device is a media player.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. The version number of a component (e.g. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. The supplier of the operating system.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. The name of the Operating System installed on the device. This can be used as a substitute for the boolean OS properties.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. The general group name of the operating system (eg. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. The Operating System initial version installed on the device.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. The device is distributed with Android OS pre-installed.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. The device is distributed with Bada OS pre-installed.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. The device is distributed with iOS pre-installed.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. The device is distributed with RIM OS pre-installed.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. The device is distributed with Symbian OS pre-installed.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. The device is distributed with Windows Mobile pre-installed.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. The device is distributed with Windows Phone pre-installed.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. The device is distributed with Windows RT OS pre-installed.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. The device is distributed with WebOS pre-installed.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. The device is distributed with a proprietary OS pre-installed.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. Commercial name of the developer platform if any (Nokia Series 40, Sony Ericsson Java Platform, etc).. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. If the device was built around a Developer Platform, which version.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. The supplier of the web browser.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. The name or type of the browser on the device.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. The browser version on the device.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. The name or type of the browser rendering engine used by the browser.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. The ability of the web browser to render a page using XHTML Basic 1.0.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. The ability of the web browser to render a page using XHTML-MP 1.0.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. The ability of the web browser to render a page using XHTML-MP 1.1.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. The ability of the web browser to render a page using XHTML-MP 1.2.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. The ability of the web browser to render a page using WML.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. The ability of the web browser to download and open the device's address book when a vCard URI is used.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. The ability to display a GIF87 image embedded in a mobile web page, using a tag such as img or object.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. The ability to display a GIF89a image embedded in a mobile web page, using a tag such as img or object.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. The ability to display a JPG image embedded in a mobile web page, using a tag such as img or object.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. The ability to display a PNG image embedded in a mobile web page, using a tag such as img or object.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. The horizontal size of the default browser's viewport, expressed in device independent pixels (DIPs), when held in its default orientation and the browser zoom is set to 100%. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. The vertical size of the default browser's viewport, expressed in device independent pixels (DIPs), when held in its default orientation and the browser zoom is set to 100%. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. The ability of the web browser to start a telephone call when a URI is defined with the protocol 'tel' followed by a telephone number (e.g. Verify that the browser behaves as expected.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. The ability of the web browser to start a new SMS message when a URI is defined with the protocol sms followed by a telephone number (e.g. Verify that the browser behaves as expected.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. The ability of the web browser to start a new SMS message when a URI is defined with the protocol smsto followed by a telephone number (e.g. Verify that the browser behaves as expected.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. The ability of a client to store cookies and send them when appropriate.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. The web browser supports the SSL protocol. Support of different certificate authorities is independent from the ability of supporting SSL. Verify that a page protected with SSL is displayed properly.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. Describes the maximum size in bytes for markup in a web page. Some browsers might have a variable memory limit based on the memory used by other applications, in that case 0 will be used.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. Describes the maximum size in bytes for media files embedded in a web page. Some browsers might have a variable memory limit based on the memory used by other applications, in that case 0 will be used.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. Describes the maximum size in bytes for downloaded from a web page and stored locally (e.g. Some browsers might have a variable memory limit based on the memory used by other applications, in that case 0 will be used.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. The device is capable of receiving WAP Push notifications, opening a browser upon user instigation, and following the embedded link.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. JS Support Basic Java Script -. The browser has some level of JavaScript support, typically Alert, Confirm, setInterval, setTimeout.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. The browser's JavaScript engine supports modifying DOM elements.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. The browser's JavaScript engine supports modifying CSS elements.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. The browser's JavaScript engine supports Events.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. The browser's JavaScript engine supports Event Listeners.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. The browser's JavaScript engine supports XMLHttpRequest.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. The browser's JavaScript engine supports console.log().. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. The browser's JavaScript engine supports JSON objects.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. Indicates whether the device supports the DeviceAtlas ClientSide component.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. The device is capable of connecting to CSD (Circuit Switched Data) networks.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. The device is capable of connecting to HS CSD (High Speed Circuit Switched Data) networks.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. The device is capable of connecting to GPRS (General Packet Radio Service) networks.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. The device is capable of connecting to EDGE (Enhanced Data rates for GSM Evolution) networks.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. The device is capable of connecting to HSDPA (High-Speed Downlink Packet Access) networks.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. The device is capable of connecting to UMTS (Universal Mobile Telecommunications System) networks.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. The device is capable of connecting to HSPA+ (Evolved High-Speed Packet Access) networks.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. The device is capable of connecting to LTE (Long Term Evolution) networks.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. The device is capable of connecting to LTE Advanced (Long Term Evolution Advanced) networks.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. The UE Category of the device, defining the combined uplink and downlink capability as specified in 3GPP TS36.306.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. The device is capable of making VoLTE calls. When True, this implies LTE, HD Voice, and AMR-WB are True.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. The device is capable of connecting to WiFi networks.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. The device is capable of seamless call handover between Wi-Fi and VoLTE connections.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. The device natively supports Rich Communication Services as specified in GSMA RCS6.0 UNI.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. The browser supports the audio HTML tag.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. The browser supports the canvas element.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. The browser supports the video HTML tag.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. The browser's JavaScript engine supports Application Cache.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. The browser's JavaScript engine supports Geo Location.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. The browser's JavaScript engine supports indexedDB.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. The browser's JavaScript engine supports Local Storage.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. The browser's JavaScript engine supports Session Storage.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. The browser's JavaScript engine supports Web GL.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. The browser's JavaScript engine supports the Web Sockets API.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. The browser's JavaScript engine supports the Web SQL Database API.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. The browser's JavaScript engine supports the Web Workers API.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. The browser's JavaScript engine supports Device Orientation.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. The browser's JavaScript engine supports Device Motion event.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. The browser's JavaScript engine supports Touch events.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. The browser's JavaScript engine supports the Query Selector.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. Stream 3GP H.264 Level 1.0 -. Support for the streaming of media encoded in the 3GP envelope, with the H264 (MPEG-2 PART 10) codec and in Level 1.0. Verify that the browser behaves as expected.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. Stream 3GP H.264 Level 1.0b -. Support for the streaming of media encoded in the 3GP envelope, with the H264 (MPEG-2 PART 10) codec and in Level 1.0b. Verify that the browser behaves as expected.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. Stream 3GP H.264 Level 1.1 -. Support for the streaming of media encoded in the 3GP envelope, with the H264 (MPEG-2 PART 10) codec and in Level 1.1. Verify that the browser behaves as expected.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. Stream 3GP H.264 Level 1.2 -. Support for the streaming of media encoded in the 3GP envelope, with the H264 (MPEG-2 PART 10) codec and in Level 1.2. Verify that the browser behaves as expected.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. Stream 3GP H.264 Level 1.3 -. Support for the streaming of media encoded in the 3GP envelope, with the H264 (MPEG-2 PART 10) codec and in Level 1.3. Verify that the browser behaves as expected.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. Support for the streaming of media encoded in the 3GP envelope, with the AAC (M4V/MP4) Low Complexity codec. Verify that the browser behaves as expected.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. Support for the streaming of media encoded in the 3GP envelope, with the H263 codec. Verify that the browser behaves as expected.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. Support for the streaming of media encoded in the 3GP envelope, with the AMR audio codec, in Narrow Band. Verify that the browser behaves as expected.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. Support for the streaming of media encoded in the 3GP envelope, with the AMR audio codec, in Wide Band. Verify that the browser behaves as expected.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. Stream MP4 H.264 Level 1.1 -. Support for the streaming of media encoded in the MP4 envelope, with the H264 codec and in Level 1.1. Verify that the browser behaves as expected.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. Stream MP4 H.264 Level 1.3 -. Support for the streaming of media encoded in the MP4 envelope, with the H264 codec and in Level 1.3. Verify that the browser behaves as expected.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. Support for the streaming of media encoded in the MP4 envelope, with the AAC (M4V/MP4) Low Complexity codec. Verify that the browser behaves as expected.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. Support for the HTTP live Streaming protocol.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. The ability to play WMV envelope for video files. The device is able to parse the WMV envelope for video files.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. The ability to play a video that includes audio encoded with QCELP (Qualcomm Code Excited Linear Prediction) codec. The device is able to play videos with audio encoded using QCELP.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. Support for the playback of media encoded in the 3GP envelope, with the H264 (MPEG-2 PART 10) codec and in Level 1.0. Verify that the browser behaves as expected.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. Support for the playback of media encoded in the 3GP envelope, with the H264 (MPEG-2 PART 10) codec and in Level 1.0b. Verify that the browser behaves as expected.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. Support for the playback of media encoded in the 3GP envelope, with the H264 (MPEG-2 PART 10) codec and in Level 1.1. Verify that the browser behaves as expected.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. Support for the playback of media encoded in the 3GP envelope, with the H264 (MPEG-2 PART 10) codec and in Level 1.2. Verify that the browser behaves as expected.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. Support for the playback of media encoded in the 3GP envelope, with the H264 (MPEG-2 PART 10) codec and in Level 1.3. Verify that the browser behaves as expected.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. Support for the playback of media encoded in the 3GP envelope, with the AAC (M4V/MP4) Low Complexity codec. Verify that the browser behaves as expected.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. Support for the playback of media encoded in the 3GP envelope, with the H263 codec. Verify that the browser behaves as expected.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. Support for the playback of media encoded in the 3GP envelope, with the AMR audio codec, in Narrow Band. Verify that the browser behaves as expected.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. Support for the playback of media encoded in the 3GP envelope, with the AMR audio codec, in Wide Band. Verify that the browser behaves as expected.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. Support for the playback of media encoded in the MP4 envelope, with the H264 codec and in Level 1.1. Verify that the browser behaves as expected.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. Support for the playback of media encoded in the MP4 envelope, with the H264 codec and in Level 1.3. Verify that the browser behaves as expected.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. Support for the playback of media encoded in the MP4 envelope, with the AAC (M4V/MP4) Low Complexity codec. Verify that the browser behaves as expected.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. The ability to play MIDI files with not more than 1 note at a time, normally Type 0. The device is able to play the MIDI file as expected.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. The ability to play MIDI files, can be Type 0 or Type 1, may have more than 1 note at a time. The device is able to play the MIDI file as expected.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. The ability to play AMR (Adaptive Multi-Rate) files as defined by 3GPP. The device is able to play the AMR file as expected.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. The ability to play MP3 (MPEG-1 Audio Layer 3) files. The device is able to play the MP3 file as expected.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. The ability to play AAC (Advanced Audio Coding) as defined as part of the MPEG-4 specifications. The device is able to play the AAC file as expected.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. The ability to play QCELP (Qualcomm Code Excited Linear Prediction) audio files. The device is able to play the QCELP file as expected.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. The device is able to open, read and respect the forward lock constraints as defined in the OMA DRM v1.0 specifications.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. The device is able to open, read and respect the combined delivery constraints as defined in the OMA DRM v1.0 specifications.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. The device is able to open, read and respect the separate delivery constraints as defined in the OMA DRM v1.0 specifications.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. The device is able to open, read and respect the download rules as defined in the OMA DRM v1.0 specifications.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. Version number of supported Java MIDP (Mobile Information Device Profile), e.g. The device fully supports JSR 37 or 118 and following as defined by Sun Microsystems.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. Version number of supported Java CLDC (Connected Limited Device Configuration), e.g 1.0. The device fully supports JSR 30 or 139 and following as defined by Sun Microsystems.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. The J2ME virtual machine implements JSR 30. The device fully supports JSR 30 as defined by Sun Microsystems.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. The J2ME virtual machine implements JSR 139. The device fully supports JSR 139 as defined by Sun Microsystems.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. The J2ME virtual machine implements JSR 37. The device fully supports JSR 37 as defined by Sun Microsystems.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. The J2ME virtual machine implements JSR 118. The device fully supports JSR 118 as defined by Sun Microsystems.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. To learn more on TAC database, please visit the Device Data for Mobile Operators page.. There was a problem loading the opinions for this property.. This is a property with the read-only access.. Thank you! Your opinion "%s" has been saved.. Thank you! Your opinion has been updated to "%s".. Your opinion "%s" has been removed.. There was a problem saving your opinion. Please try again or contact DeviceAtlas support.. There was a problem updating your opinion. Please try again or contact DeviceAtlas support.. There was a problem removing your opinion. Please try again or contact DeviceAtlas support.. Only integer values are permitted for this property.. Only alphanumeric characters and , _. - ^ / + [space] are permitted for this property.. Only boolean values are permitted for this property.. Please choose or enter an opinion value.. Create amazing web presences on any screen. Learn everything about mobile web technology. Copyright © Afilias Technologies Limited 2018. This is a website of Afilias Technologies Ltd, a private company limited by shares, incorporated and registered in the Republic of Ireland with registered number 398040 and registered office at 6th Floor, 2 Grand Canal Square, Dublin 2, Ireland. By continuing to use the site, you accept our use of cookies. 
Apple Google HTC Huawei LG Motorola Nokia OnePlus Samsung Sony Xiaomi. Home Smartphones Energizer Energy 500. Energizer Energy 500 Specs and review. Energizer Energy 500 is smartphone from 2015 year. For its performance cares processor Quad-core, Cortex-A7 with operating frequency of 1300Mhz. The device's screen is 5 inches. The camera has a sensor of 13 MP. For the life of the phone cares battery with capacity of 3000 mAh. The smartphone comes with operating system Android OS, v4.4 (KitKat). This is just a short description. For detailed specifications and all features refer to the table below and leave your comments.. Operating system (OS) Android OS, v4.4 (KitKat). Processor 1 (CPU) 1300 MHz, Quad-core, Cortex-A7. External memory microSD, up to 64 GB. Internal memory 8 GB, 1 GB RAM. GSM 850 / 900 / 1800 / 1900 - SIM 1 & SIM 23G bands. HSDPA 850 / 1900 - EM5EL043. HSDPA 900 / 2100 - EM5EL047. Up to 18 h 40 min. Dimension (HxWxD, mm) 152.3 Ð¥ 80.6 Ð¥ 18.8. SIM card Dual SIM (Mini-SIM/ Micro-SIM, dual stand-by). - Geo-tagging, touch focus, face/smile detection, HDR. Energizer Energy 500 - comments and opinions. Did you find an error in the catalog? Tell us about it and we will fix it as soon as possible.. If you want to thank you tell us your email:). In our database there are 4337 smartphones from 95 brands And we continue to add new ones. Energizer Energy 500 VS Amazon Fire Phone. Energizer Energy 500 VS Huawei Honor 7. Energizer Energy 500 VS Samsung i300x. Energizer Energy 500 VS Allview P2 AllDro. Energizer Energy 500 VS Kyocera DuraForce. Energizer Energy 500 VS Kyocera Milano C5121. Energizer Energy 500 VS Huawei P8 Lite. Energizer Energy 500 VS Cat S40. Energizer Energy 500 VS Samsung Galaxy XCover 3. Energizer Energy 500 VS Xiaomi Redmi Note 3 Pro. Energizer Energy 500 VS Lenovo Vibe K5 Plus. Energizer Energy 500 VS Energizer Energy 500. Energizer Energy 500 VS Apple iPhone 5c. Energizer Energy 500 VS Sony Xperia Z5. Energizer Energy 500 VS Sony Xperia Z. PhonesData is the Web site where you can find information about the full technical specifications of all smartphones. We have added specifications such as size of the screen, processor MHz, MP of camera, battery, weight, operating system, and many more!. We are adding daily new devices and checking the old errors. However, it is possible catalog to have inaccuracies. Not responsible for incorrect entered information. The latest smartphones you can buy from Amazon, Ebay, your mobile operator, the formal representation or other souvenirs of your choice at their price price.. Apple Google HTC Huawei LG Motorola Nokia OnePlus Samsung Sony Xiaomi. 2018 Â© PhonesData - All rights reserved.. 
Transfer iphone contacts to Energizer Energy 500. If you’re tired of Iphones and want to switch to Android, the transition to Energizer Energy 500 can occasionally be challenging. Indeed, if you switch from an Iphone to an Energizer Energy 500, you need to transfer the list of contacts. Transfer photos from Energizer Energy 500 to PC or Mac. It is actually essential that you can transfer the pretty pics you have taken with your Energizer Energy 500, to your pc or your Mac. In truth, whether it’s simply to save the pics or to retouch them, you will have to transfer them to the pc or the Mac. Turn OFF Keyboard Vibrations On Energizer Energy 500. If perhaps you are using an Energizer Energy 500, you might have remarked that it is vibrating when you make use of the keyboard. Any time you press a key, the cellphone starts vibrating. For a certain number of people, the vibrations of the keyboard are annoying and.... Energizer Energy 500: Unrecognized SIM card. You have just bought an Energizer Energy 500 and when you turn it on, it displays the following error message: SIM card not recognized. Oftentimes the Energizer Energy 500 does not recognize the SIM card and displays this message. In this circumstance, it is not.... Energizer Energy 500: Wifi Authentication Problem. Oftentimes, the Energizer Energy 500 displays the Authentication Problem message when ever you try to connect to a Wi-Fi network. This sort of error message can potentially be caused by a lot of places. So, so that you can actually connect properly to the Wifi network.... Track And Find the Energizer Energy 500. Having the capability to track her Energizer Energy 500 is useful in several cases. In the first circumstance, if you have lost your Energizer Energy 500, it are going to be necessary to track it in order to find it. In another circumstance, in the event you were.... Setting up HotSpot or Tethering on Energizer Energy 500. Sharing the net connection of Energizer Energy 500 in wifi is a very convenient feature on the Energizer Energy 500. Certainly, putting the Energizer Energy 500 in modem mode makes it possible to share the connection of the telephone with your entourage or with your.... Set up Direct Wifi on Energizer Energy 500. Direct Wifi could be a very good way to transfer files with your Energizer Energy 500. In truth, Direct Wifi is probably the fastest way to transfer documents without using a cable. So if you need to discover the technique to make use of the Energizer Energy 500.... Read and edit Pdf, Doc or Excel files on Energizer Energy 500. Having the ability to open and play a file on its Energizer Energy 500 is becoming very convenient. Certainly, if perhaps you receive an attachment to a mail, it practices to be able to read it on its Energizer Energy 500. Whether it is actually a PDF file, a Doc file.... Move apps to SD card on Energizer Energy 500. Sometimes applications that are installed on the Energizer Energy 500 take up a lot of space. It truly is for that reason very beneficial to be able to move the applications to the SD card of your Energizer Energy 500. Certainly, this allows to free up storage space.... Make a video call on Energizer Energy 500. Make a video call with an Energizer Energy 500 is very convenient. In truth, it is a great solution if you need to see the face of anyone you call. In case you call someone who is on the other side of the earth, it truly is always nice to see his face. How to update Energizer Energy 500. Updating Android on your Energizer Energy 500 is a necessary operation if you would like your telephone to be on top of its efficiency. Indeed, the updates allow to bring a wide range of things that will make the use of your Energizer Energy 500 more nice..... How to turn on 3G or 4G on Energizer Energy 500. If you would like to have access to the internet on your Energizer Energy 500, you might need to make use of the 3G or 4G network. It occasionally happens for one reason or another that the 4G or 3G network of the Energizer Energy 500 is deactivated. How to transfer music to Energizer Energy 500. New telephones such as the Energizer Energy 500 at this point allow you to listen to music. Thus, the phones have gradually substituted the MP3 player. Certainly, it is at this point easy to transfer and listen to music on its Energizer Energy 500. How to save the battery on Energizer Energy 500. Saving the battery of XXX may be a good option in the event you always find yourself running on battery on your XXX. In fact, by the time that runs and in view of the frequency of use of our telephones, saving a little battery is not a luxury. How to record calls on Energizer Energy 500. Recording a smartphone call can be incredibly useful in a number of circumstances. If you desire to re-listen or keep it, it is always useful to record calls on your Energizer Energy 500. On the other hand, the Energizer Energy 500 doesn’t natively offer the.... How to open and remove the shell on Energizer Energy 500. Opening the Energizer Energy 500 and removing its hull may be a very beneficial procedure in a great many cases. If you want to insert a SIM card or an SD memory card, you may need to turn off the cover and open the Energizer Energy 500. How to insert the SIM card on Energizer Energy 500. Inserting the SIM card into your Energizer Energy 500 is essential if you would like to use your phone. Indeed, the SIM card enables your Energizer Energy 500 to be able to connect to the mobile network and consequently to make phone calls. How To Get Emojis On Energizer Energy 500. The emojis are present in most our discussions. Indeed, if you would like to send a message with your Energizer Energy 500, it can be always nice to embellish it with a great emojis. An emoji will allow you to visually send an email to anyone. So , if you wish to be.... How To Delete Browser History on Energizer Energy 500. Delete the history of its Energizer Energy 500 is a incredibly handy operation. In fact, this enables to erase the traces of its past navigations. Whether it is to sell your cellphone, or just to avoid being targeted by commercials, delete the history of your.... How to change the ringtone on Energizer Energy 500. Changing the ringtone of your Energizer Energy 500 is crucial if you want to personalize your Energizer Energy 500. Certainly, you could possibly be sick of the initial ringtone of your Energizer Energy 500. It can be therefore possible to change the ringtone and also.... How to Backup Messages on Energizer Energy 500. SMS is today probably the most utilized means of conversation. Thus, it is a whole part of our life that is found in our TEXT MESSAGE discussions. Therefore, whether to keep a track or to keep a memory, it is possible to save the SMS of your Energizer Energy 500. How to print with Energizer Energy 500. Printing a document from its Energizer Energy 500 is incredibly useful. Now that you can actually open all types of files from your mobile phone, you can actually also print them. Moreover, it is generally more practical to print something from the cellphone. How to increase the Energizer Energy 500 volume. Sometimes, the standard volume of the XXX doesn’t be enough for the use you want to do with it. Indeed, cell phones just like the XXX have a clamping at the level of the volume. So, the European legislation pressure the producer to restrain the volume of their.... How to fix Energizer Energy 500 Overheating issues. At times the Energizer Energy 500 overheats and is warm when touched. Don’t get worried, this does not imply that your Energizer Energy 500 has a issue. In truth, it can be quite prevalent that a phone overheats and this can sourced from several things. Fix Blurry Pictures On Energizer Energy 500. It in some cases happens without a reason that the pictures of Energizer Energy 500 are blurred. This is a rather frustrating issue mainly because it prevents us from taking gorgeous pictures. In truth, it truly is impossible to take a suitable picture whenever the.... Connect the Energizer Energy 500 to the PC or Mac. Connecting your Energizer Energy 500 to the PC or Mac is a actually practical procedure for many situations. If you want to transfer pictures to your Energizer Energy 500, if you want to transfer your contacts, or if you want to copy files to the Energizer Energy 500,.... Change the Text Message Ringtone on Energizer Energy 500. Changing the SMS ringtone of your Energizer Energy 500 is necessary if you want that you can differentiate your mobile phone. Indeed, like most smartphone on the market, the Energizer Energy 500 is under Android. Therefore, everyone has similar ringtone for his.... Change the alarm ringtone on Energizer Energy 500. It often occurs that we get tired with the ringing of the alarm of Energizer Energy 500. Indeed, constantly having the same alarm ringtone is rather tiresome. So if you would like to wake up with a slightly different ringtone, we will see in this tutorial how to.... Bluetooth problem on Energizer Energy 500. Bluetooth is a very great technology for connecting devices to your wireless Energizer Energy 500. But, it can happen that we have problems connecting with the bluetooth of Energizer Energy 500. Whether it is to connect the Energizer Energy 500 to a Bluetooth speaker,.... Block anonymous calls on Energizer Energy 500. Knowing tips on how to block anonymous calls you receive on your Energizer Energy 500 is paramount. In fact, possibly you have happened to get calls from an unknown number in an interesting way. Whether it can be smartphone prospecting or someone who harasses you, it.... My Energizer Energy 500 turns off randomly. From time to time the Energizer Energy 500 shuts off by itself and for no particular reason. It’s highly frustrating, specifically when you’re doing something. Don’t get worried, the fact that your Energizer Energy 500 automatically switching off.... How to fix Energizer Energy 500 black screen. From time to time the screen of Energizer Energy 500 remains black. This issue may happen in many situations. Occasionally it happens after the Energizer Energy 500 falls. Other times, the screen remains black after a start, lock, or sleep. How to fix a water damaged on Energizer Energy 500. Whether in the wc or in a pool, it occasionally occurs that the Energizer Energy 500 is dropped into the water. However, it is not because a mobile phone has fallen into the water that it’s undoubtedly dead. In fact, it is possible to redo an Energizer Energy.... Fix insufficient storage available on Energizer Energy 500. In cases where your Energizer Energy 500’s memory is full, you can not install an app or copy files. In truth, it sometimes happens that there is no more room on the memory of your Energizer Energy 500. Do not be anxious, it’s highly easy to free up.... How to Change language on Energizer Energy 500. If perhaps you got your Energizer Energy 500 overseas or if just a good friend made you a joke, you probably desire to change the language of your Energizer Energy 500. Certainly, it is always more pleasurable to utilize its Energizer Energy 500 when it is in a.... Add a photo to contacts on Energizer Energy 500. Adding a picture on the contacts of its Energizer Energy 500 will make the utilization of the phone more nice. That’s right, it is definitely more enjoyable to see a picture when you are called, than a simple name. So if you want to see the photos of your daddy,.... How to install apps on Energizer Energy 500. Downloading and installing an application on the Energizer Energy 500 is totally vital. Certainly, apps are small programs that can considerably help us on a cell phone. There are apps for all sorts of things, whether it is for pleasure, to check mailbox or bank.... How to factory reset your Energizer Energy 500. Factory Reset your Energizer Energy 500 may be truly useful for a lot of reasons. It is sometimes necessary to reset your Energizer Energy 500 to the factory settings to get a brand-new mobile phone. Bear in mind that resetting a mobile phone is not a highly.... Transfer photos from Energizer Energy 500 to PC or Mac. It is essential to have the ability to transfer the cute photos you have taken with your Energizer Energy 500, to your pc or your Mac. Whether it’s just to save the photos or to retouch them, you’ll have to transfer them to the computer or the Mac. by mcpolo | Oct 11, 2017 | Energizer , Energizer Energy 500. by mcpolo | Oct 11, 2017 | Energizer , Energizer Energy 500. by mcpolo | Oct 11, 2017 | Energizer , Energizer Energy 500. by mcpolo | Oct 11, 2017 | Energizer , Energizer Energy 500. by mcpolo | Oct 11, 2017 | Energizer , Energizer Energy 500. by mcpolo | Oct 11, 2017 | Energizer , Energizer Energy 500. by mcpolo | Oct 8, 2017 | Energizer , Energizer Energy 500. by mcpolo | Oct 8, 2017 | Energizer , Energizer Energy 500. by mcpolo | Oct 8, 2017 | Energizer , Energizer Energy 500. by mcpolo | Oct 8, 2017 | Energizer , Energizer Energy 500. by mcpolo | Oct 8, 2017 | Energizer , Energizer Energy 500. by mcpolo | Oct 8, 2017 | Energizer , Energizer Energy 500. by mcpolo | Oct 7, 2017 | Energizer , Energizer Energy 500. by mcpolo | Oct 7, 2017 | Energizer , Energizer Energy 500. by mcpolo | Oct 7, 2017 | Energizer , Energizer Energy 500. by mcpolo | Oct 7, 2017 | Energizer , Energizer Energy 500. by mcpolo | Oct 7, 2017 | Energizer , Energizer Energy 500. by mcpolo | Oct 7, 2017 | Energizer , Energizer Energy 500. by mcpolo | Oct 7, 2017 | Energizer , Energizer Energy 500. by mcpolo | Oct 7, 2017 | Energizer , Energizer Energy 500. by mcpolo | Oct 7, 2017 | Energizer , Energizer Energy 500. by mcpolo | Oct 7, 2017 | Energizer , Energizer Energy 500. by mcpolo | Oct 7, 2017 | Energizer , Energizer Energy 500. by mcpolo | Oct 7, 2017 | Energizer , Energizer Energy 500. by mcpolo | Oct 7, 2017 | Energizer , Energizer Energy 500. by mcpolo | Oct 7, 2017 | Energizer , Energizer Energy 500. by mcpolo | Oct 7, 2017 | Energizer , Energizer Energy 500. by mcpolo | Oct 7, 2017 | Energizer , Energizer Energy 500. by mcpolo | Oct 7, 2017 | Energizer , Energizer Energy 500. by mcpolo | Oct 7, 2017 | Energizer , Energizer Energy 500. by mcpolo | Oct 7, 2017 | Energizer , Energizer Energy 500. by mcpolo | Sep 23, 2017 | Energizer , Energizer Energy 500. by mcpolo | Sep 23, 2017 | Energizer , Energizer Energy 500. by mcpolo | Sep 23, 2017 | Energizer , Energizer Energy 500. by mcpolo | Sep 22, 2017 | Energizer , Energizer Energy 500. by mcpolo | Sep 22, 2017 | Energizer , Energizer Energy 500. by mcpolo | Sep 22, 2017 | Energizer , Energizer Energy 500. by mcpolo | Jun 15, 2017 | Energizer , Energizer Energy 500. by mcpolo | Jun 15, 2017 | Energizer , Energizer Energy 500. by mcpolo | Jun 15, 2017 | Energizer , Energizer Energy 500. Page 1 sur 2 1 2 ». Search by phone Search by phone. Designed by Elegant Themes | Powered by WordPress. 
Welcome, visitor! [ Register | Login ]. Post ROM Home Categories Gapps & APK & Tools & Tuto Contact us Donate. * Search Rom - Gapps-Tools-Tuto - OTHERS ACER Advan Alcatel Allview Archos Asus Avvio Azumi Blackview Blu BLUBOO Cherry Mobile Condor COOLPAD. CUBOT DEXP DOOGEE Elephone Evercoss FLY GFIVE GIONEE HAIER HDC Hisense HTC HUAWEI InnJoo Intex JIAYU Karbonn. Landvo LAVA Leagoo LeEco LENOVO LG M-Horse Meizu MICROMAX MOTOROLA OPPO ORRO Oukitel Prestigio QMobile Real 1:1 SAMSUNG. SONY ERICSSON Spreadtrum Symphony TCL THL Ulefone Umidigi Verykool VIVO Vkworld Walton X-BO XIAOMI XOLO XTOUCH ZOPO ZTE. Home » - OTHERS » E-F-G-H » - OTHER SUB - » ENERGIZER Energy 500. Title: ENERGIZER Energy 500 Listed: 05/01/2016 2:01 am ROM Version: ROM Android 4.4.2. You must be logged for ROM download.. Overall Rating : 1. Listed by: SoCr@Te Member Since: 05/15/0470. Update ROM 1 – Energy500_ FR _4.4_B047_HW1_V022_2016-04-28 – soten82_we_kk-user 4.4.2 KOT49H. ROM 1 – Energy500_ FR _4.4_B047_HW1_V022_2016-03-07 – soten82_we_kk-user 4.4.2 KOT49H. 2 – Energy500_ MAR _4.4_B047_HW1_V001_2015-06-30 – soten82_we_kk-user 4.4.2 KOT49H. - Unpack FlashTools, and Click on Flash_tool.exe - Select "scatter-Loading" and search MT6582_Android_scatter.txt in ROM - Wait file to be added into Flash Tool - Select "Download Only" or if upgrade "Firmware upgrade" - Turn off your phone, remove the battery (if the battery is removable) and replace it after some seconds (and don't turn on the phone).. - Press “Download” button to start - and connect your phone into the computer via USB data cable. - The process will start and a red progress bar will appear after color purple, yellow. - And green circles display - Finish !. - You can now safely disconnect your phone and turn it on.. ※Please make a backup of your device before installing or updating ROM. 2 Responses to “ENERGIZER Energy 500”. philjps on 09/19/2016 @ 7:46 am. i have a problem with my energizer 400 he is now bricked.. In fact all the problems started with a virus in the phone …. i try to root for ininstall the malicious app … and after one reset the virus was always here but no root and impossible to root … after i loose the settings apps and impossible to restart all the phone … so i try to flash the rom with SPFlash TOOL V5 with jeep Z6 Rom phone with the same pecs …. So Please i need a ROM for ENERGIZER 400 Phone : MTK 6572 ( 1,3 GHZ X2) Mali 400 4.4.2 android 8mp camera. how i can save the phone please. MARTY on 10/23/2016 @ 3:12 pm. You must be logged in to post a comment.. 
Please select at least 2 devices to compare. Currency USD GBP CAD AUD EUR INR. If you want to buy Energizer Energy 500 online but still doubt, the mobile phone full specification will help you to make right decision! Pay attention to such info like smartphone dimensions, screen size and resolution, processor and battery life. Use the list of the offers for Energizer Energy 500 with price to select the best deal.. Energizer Energy 500 specification and prices Where to buy Energizer Energy 500? Energizer Energy 500 compared to rivals Energizer Energy 500 videos Energizer Energy 500 reviews by users and experts. Home Phones Other Energizer phones. First information about the Energy 500 by Energizer appeared on January 2015 and the first deals appeared on June 2015. The phone is on sale from carriers including AT&T Wireless, Verizon Wireless, Sprint, T-Mobile as well as retailers like Target, RadioShack. The phone runs on the most popular OS on the market for now - Android OS. Energy 500 was produced with the already outdated for now Android version: 4.4 (KitKat). It means that the phone owner will not be able to play the latest games and run the latest apps with this default OS version. The Energy 500 has Quad-core 1.3 GHz Cortex-A7 processor that shows an outstanding performance. It has 1 GB RAM that is enough for normal usage. This mobile phone has powerful 13 megapixel rear camera. With such camera owner of this mobile phone will be able to take great pictures and videos. 5 megapixel front camera makes Energizer Energy 500 a common choice for having selfies. The Energy 500 has a convenient 5 inch display. This means that most users will not experience difficulties use the cell phone with one hand. Such display size has significant benefits in compare to the smaller display: it's more handy to use the display as a viewfinder , better for playing games and perfect for quick typing. Energy 500 has removable Li-Ion 3000 mAh battery, which will provide up to 500 hours of standby time and about 18 hours of talk time. It is nice battery life results. The model's weight is 284 grams (10.02 oz), it is 152.3 mm (6.00 in) high, 80.6 mm (3.17 in) wide and has a 18.8 mm (0.74 in) depth what means that this mobile phone is thick. You can purchase Energy 500 in Gray color.. Geo-tagging, touch focus, face/smile detection, HDR. 720 x 1280 pixels (~294 ppi pixel density). IPS LCD capacitive touchscreen, 16M colors. 152.3 x 80.6 x 18.8 mm (6.00 x 3.17 x 0.74 in). 284 g (10.02 oz, 0.63 lb). SMS(threaded view), MMS, Email, Push Email, IM. GSM 850 / 900 / 1800 / 1900 - SIM 1 & SIM 2. HSDPA 850 / 1900 - EM5EL043 HSDPA 900 / 2100 - EM5EL047. List of all phones similar to Energizer Energy 500. Compare tech specs of Energy 500 to its rivals. Find out what mobile phone has better camera, processor, screen and battery life.. Many phones specification looks similar to Energizer Energy 500 at first sight. And sometimes it can be even difficult to say which cell phone is better until you compare their specs side by side. That's why Energizer Energy 500 comparison to its rivals will help you greatly to select really the best smartphone for now.. Energizer Energy 500 vs Motorola Moto Z. Energizer Energy 500 vs Verykool s6005 Cyprus II. Energizer Energy 500 vs Huawei Honor Note 8. Energizer Energy 500 vs Panasonic Eluga Mark 2. Energizer Energy 500 vs Asus Zenfone 2 ZE550ML. Energizer Energy 500 vs Samsung ATIV SE. Energizer Energy 500 vs BLU Vivo 6. Energizer Energy 500 vs Coolpad Note 3. Energizer Energy 500 vs Xiaomi Redmi 3 Pro. Energizer Energy 500 vs BQ Aquaris U. Energizer Energy 500 vs Panasonic Eluga Switch. Energizer Energy 500 vs Vivo V3. Energizer Energy 500 vs BLU Life One X. Energizer Energy 500 vs Allview X3 Soul Style. Energizer Energy 500 vs Micromax Canvas Nitro 4G E455. Energizer Energy 500 vs Gigabyte GSmart Guru (White Edition). Energizer Energy 500 vs Lenovo Vibe K4 Note. Energizer Energy 500 vs Oppo R5. Energizer Energy 500 vs Lenovo P2. Energizer Energy 500 vs Microsoft Lumia 640 XL. Energizer Energy 500 vs Meizu m3 Max. Energizer Energy 500 vs HTC Desire 816G dual sim. Energizer Energy 500 vs ZTE Blade V Plus. Energizer Energy 500 vs Samsung Galaxy A9 (2016). Energizer Energy 500 vs Sony Xperia XA Dual. Energizer Energy 500 vs LG K10 (2017). Energizer Energy 500 vs Asus Zenfone Max ZC550KL (2016). Energizer Energy 500 vs LG G Flex2. Energizer Energy 500 vs Samsung Galaxy A5 (2016). Energizer Energy 500 vs XOLO Play 8X-1200. Energizer Energy 500 vs QMobile Noir Z9 Plus. Energizer Energy 500 vs Gionee S6s. Energizer Energy 500 vs Posh Titan Max HD E550. Energizer Energy 500 vs Philips I928. Energizer Energy 500 vs Meizu m3 note. Energizer Energy 500 vs Huawei Ascend Mate7 Monarch. Energizer Energy 500 vs Wiko Ridge 4G. Energizer Energy 500 vs BLU Studio One Plus. Energizer Energy 500 vs Allview P8 Energy. Energizer Energy 500 vs Micromax Canvas 6. Energizer Energy 500 vs Alcatel Idol 4. Energizer Energy 500 vs Motorola Moto G Turbo Edition. Energizer Energy 500 vs Lenovo P70. Energizer Energy 500 vs Yezz Andy C5ML. Energizer Energy 500 vs Huawei Honor 7i. Energizer Energy 500 vs Intex Aqua Ace. Energizer Energy 500 vs HTC One M9s. Energizer Energy 500 vs ZTE nubia Z5S mini NX405H. Energizer Energy 500 vs Xiaomi Mi 4 LTE. Energizer Energy 500 vs LG G3 Stylus. Energizer Energy 500 vs Meizu m5. Energizer Energy 500 vs LG X5. Energizer Energy 500 vs Vivo X5Max+. Energizer Energy 500 vs Huawei Mulan. Energizer Energy 500 vs LG K20 plus. Energizer Energy 500 vs Asus Zenfone Selfie ZD551KL. Energizer Energy 500 vs Samsung Galaxy A5. Energizer Energy 500 vs Asus Zenfone Go ZB500KL. Energizer Energy 500 vs Coolpad Note 3 Lite. Energizer Energy 500 vs Xiaomi Redmi 3s. Energizer Energy 500 vs BLU Studio 6.0 LTE. Energizer Energy 500 vs Panasonic Eluga Mark. Energizer Energy 500 vs Vivo V3Max. Energizer Energy 500 vs BLU Vivo IV. Energizer Energy 500 vs NIU Andy 5T. Energizer Energy 500 vs BQ Aquaris M5.5. Energizer Energy 500 vs Gigabyte GSmart GX2. Energizer Energy 500 vs Lenovo Vibe S1 Lite. Energizer Energy 500 vs Oppo U3. Energizer Energy 500 vs Verykool s5525 Maverick III. Microsoft Lumia 640 XL Dual SIM. Energizer Energy 500 vs Microsoft Lumia 640 XL Dual SIM. Energizer Energy 500 vs OnePlus One. Energizer Energy 500 vs HTC Desire 826 dual sim. Energizer Energy 500 vs ZTE nubia N1. Energizer Energy 500 vs Samsung Galaxy J5 (2016). Energizer Energy 500 vs Sony Xperia E5. Energizer Energy 500 vs LG Stylus 3. Energizer Energy 500 vs Zenfone Pegasus 3. Energizer Energy 500 vs LG G4 Stylus. Energizer Energy 500 vs Samsung Galaxy A7 (2016). Energizer Energy 500 vs XOLO Q1000s plus. Energizer Energy 500 vs QMobile Noir S9. Energizer Energy 500 vs Gionee P7 Max. Energizer Energy 500 vs Posh Volt Max LTE L640. Energizer Energy 500 vs Philips S616. Energizer Energy 500 vs Meizu m3. Energizer Energy 500 vs Huawei P8. Energizer Energy 500 vs Wiko Fever 4G. Energizer Energy 500 vs Lenovo S850. Energizer Energy 500 vs Allview V2 Viper X. Energizer Energy 500 vs Micromax Canvas 6 Pro E484. Energizer Energy 500 vs Alcatel Pop 4S. Energizer Energy 500 vs Motorola Moto G4. Energizer Energy 500 vs Lenovo A7000 Plus. Energizer Energy 500 vs Yezz Billy 5S LTE. Energizer Energy 500 vs Huawei Mate S. Energizer Energy 500 vs Intex Aqua GenX. Energizer Energy 500 vs HTC One X9. Energizer Energy 500 vs ZTE Grand S Pro. Energizer Energy 500 vs Xiaomi Mi Note. Energizer Energy 500 video reviews will give you full info about the phone's specs and features in the most convenient way. Just click Play button and relax.. There is no need to read any texts and to explore huge tables with specs. Just watch a few videos about Energizer Energy 500 to find out if you want to buy this smartphone.. List of Energizer Energy 500 reviews by experts and users. The phone rating will help you to facilitate the process of selecting. And we ask owners of Energizer Energy 500 not to forget to rate this mobile phone and leave their reviews!. The best way to understand all pros and cons of Energizer Energy 500 is to read reviews by customers and experts from GSMArena, CNET, TechRadar and others. You will find there real-world experience and not just an attractive advertising slogans of the manufacturer. And if you are already the owner of Energizer Energy 500 please share your experience to help other people to decide if they want to buy this mobile phone. Do you have little time for review? Then just rate Energizer Energy 500 it will be very useful too!. Have you already bought this phone? Rate Energizer Energy 500 to help other customers!. 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10. Rating 7.33 from 10. 0 reviews by experts 0 reviews by users Add review. How much is the Energy 500 cost and where to buy it online? When does the Energy 500 come out in Canada, USA and India and how big is it? SpecsPRO will answer all your questions about this smartphone an even more! We've compared Energizer Energy 500 specs with its rivals, just check the list of comparisons to find out if this mobile phone is the best choice.. 
Home Shop Mobile Phones Smartphones. The product is already in the wishlist!. Display: 5″ IPS LCD Capacitive Touch. CPU: Quad Core 1.3GHz Cortex A7. Available in 2 Working Days Of Day Order. € 299.00 € 199.00. Categories: Mobile Phones , Smartphones. Tags: dustproof , energizer , energy 500 , feature phones , ip68 , mobile phones , shockproof , waterproof. The ENERGY 500 for modern adventurers with extreme conditions! Certified with IP 68, combines strength, power and technology; able to withstand immersion under 2 meters of water for 30 minutes and drops from a height of 2 meters. It has an ultra-efficient processor Quad Core 1.3 GHz operating under Android 4.4 KitKat. The Enegry 500 have an HD high-resolution large screen (5″) and 13.1 MP camera. It have a battery autonomy of an impressive 500 hours standby and 19h in call, as well it have a dual SIM function, indispensable trip case – to manage two phone lines (professional contacts / Personal).. LCD touch capacitive 5″ HD, 16M colours. Display resolution: 1280 x 700 pixels. Compatible memory card: microSD up to 64GB. Sensors: Barometer, Accelerometer, Gyroscope, Proximity, Light & Compass. 2G, GPRS, EDGE, HSPA+, Wi-Fi, Bluetooth v4 + LE, GPS + AGPS, NFC. Battery talking time: up to 19 h. Dimensions (mm): 152.3 x 80.6 x 18.8. – 1 AC adapter EU + UK. Free Delivery in Cyprus for orders above €20 (non-remote areas). If the value of the order is less than €20 there is a pick up surcharge of €1 (from any of the ACS Courier offices in Cyprus). For home delivery in Cyprus the surcharge amount is €3 (for non-remote areas). We deliver within 1-7 working days depending on your location. 90% of the orders are delivered within 3 working days provided the requested item is in stock. For backorders delivery time is usually between 4-7 working days.. Pick up from ACS Courier offices. Choose one of the ACS Courier pick-up offices in all cities. Your order will be ready for pick-up in 1 – 3 working days and it’s free for purchases over €20.. Choose home delivery and your order will come at your home. Your order will reach you in 2 – 3 working days and it’s free for purchases over €20.. We accept all major debit/credit cards (Visa, MasterCard, Amex, Maestro). For more information please visit JCC Gateway.. PayPal is designed from the ground up to be one of the safest ways to send money online. Unlike other financial institutions, our payments are sent without sharing financial information. In fact, PayPal never shares your financial information with or sells it to merchants. Information is automatically sent with a high level of data encryption. To help safeguard you against identity theft, every PayPal payment is followed by an email confirming your transaction. For more information please visit PayPal.. Orders will be dispatched as soon as the payment is confirmed.. This method of payment is recommended for worldwide customers.. Cash on Delivery for orders upto €200.. The product is already in the wishlist!. The product is already in the wishlist!. € 199.00 € 149.00. The product is already in the wishlist!. Yezz Classic C50 Dual Sim – Black. The product is already in the wishlist!. Categories Mobile Phones (47). Mobile Phone Accessories (292). Accessories & Wearables (32). Copyright 2016 © Tech 2 Tech, All Rights Reserved. / Powered by NETinfo Plc. We use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website. If you continue to use this site we will assume that you are happy with it. 
JavaScript seems to be disabled in your browser. You must have JavaScript enabled in your browser to utilize the functionality of this website.. Help Line: (02) 8308814 | Globe: 0995 4596750 | Smart: 0921 5935550. argomall | All the brands of smartphones in one place. 0 items in the shopping cart.. Unfortunately, your shopping cart is empty.. Smartphones Brands Smartwatches Hot! TVs Tablets Laptops Accessories Audio Advanced Search Blog. By operating system Android Apple (iOS) Blackberry Windows Features Easy Pokémon GO ready smartphones Pokémon GO ready smartphones with Gyroscope Pokémon GO ready smartphones without Gyroscope Big screen >5" Dual SIM Maps (Waze) LTE Advanced LTE smartphones Photographer > 18 MP Selfie ready >2 MP Digital TV DLNA USB on the go Virtual Reality Globe Postpaid. Alcatel Apple Asus Blackberry Cherry Mobile Cloudfone Energizer Gionee HTC Huawei Hyundai Infocus Lenovo LG Meizu Motorola MyPhone Nokia OnePlus Oppo Samsung Sony Starmobile SuperD Vivo Xiaomi ZTE. Brands LG Samsung Sony TCL Features Easy Curved TVs TV Screen size 29-inch and below 32-inch - 39-inch 40-inch - 43-inch 46-inch - 49-inch 50-inch - 59-inch 60-inch - 69-inch 70-inch and above. Operating System Android iOS Windows Brands Acer Alcatel Asus Apple Cherry Mobile Cloudfone Huawei Lenovo MyPhone O+ USA Samsung Starmobile Xiaomi Features Easy LTE tablets With SIM Wifi only. Operating System Windows macOS DOS Brands Acer Apple Asus Dell HP Hewlett Packard Lenovo MSI Features Easy Basic Professional Office Gaming Touchscreen Ultrabooks 2 in 1. Spec1al New Action cameras GoPro GoPro accessories Android PC Mobile Broadband Whoosh VR Cables Chargers Covers and Cases Gadgets Headsets Memory cards Miracast Powerbanks Screen protectors Hot Software Speakers. Smartphones By operating system Android Apple (iOS) Blackberry Windows Features Pokémon GO ready smartphones Pokémon GO ready smartphones with Gyroscope Pokémon GO ready smartphones without Gyroscope Big screen >5" Dual SIM Maps (Waze) LTE Advanced LTE smartphones Photographer > 18 MP Selfie ready >2 MP Digital TV DLNA USB on the go Virtual Reality Globe Postpaid Brands Alcatel Apple Asus Blackberry Cherry Mobile Cloudfone Energizer Gionee HTC Huawei Hyundai Infocus Lenovo LG Meizu Motorola MyPhone Nokia OnePlus Oppo Samsung Sony Starmobile SuperD Vivo Xiaomi ZTE Smartwatches TVs Brands LG Samsung Sony TCL Features Curved TVs TV Screen size 29-inch and below 32-inch - 39-inch 40-inch - 43-inch 46-inch - 49-inch 50-inch - 59-inch 60-inch - 69-inch 70-inch and above Tablets Operating System Android iOS Windows Brands Acer Alcatel Asus Apple Cherry Mobile Cloudfone Huawei Lenovo MyPhone O+ USA Samsung Starmobile Xiaomi Features LTE tablets With SIM Wifi only Laptops Operating System Windows macOS DOS Brands Acer Apple Asus Dell HP Hewlett Packard Lenovo MSI Features Basic Professional Office Gaming Touchscreen Ultrabooks 2 in 1 Accessories Spec1al Action cameras GoPro GoPro accessories Android PC Mobile Broadband Whoosh VR Cables Chargers Covers and Cases Gadgets Headsets Memory cards Miracast Powerbanks Screen protectors Software Speakers Audio Apple Beats by Dr. Dre AKG Harman Kardon JBL Advanced Search Blog. 0 items in the shopping cart.. Unfortunately, your shopping cart is empty.. Smartphones Brands Smartwatches Hot! TVs Tablets Laptops Accessories Audio Advanced Search Blog. By operating system Android Apple (iOS) Blackberry Windows Features Easy Pokémon GO ready smartphones Pokémon GO ready smartphones with Gyroscope Pokémon GO ready smartphones without Gyroscope Big screen >5" Dual SIM Maps (Waze) LTE Advanced LTE smartphones Photographer > 18 MP Selfie ready >2 MP Digital TV DLNA USB on the go Virtual Reality Globe Postpaid. Alcatel Apple Asus Blackberry Cherry Mobile Cloudfone Energizer Gionee HTC Huawei Hyundai Infocus Lenovo LG Meizu Motorola MyPhone Nokia OnePlus Oppo Samsung Sony Starmobile SuperD Vivo Xiaomi ZTE. Brands LG Samsung Sony TCL Features Easy Curved TVs TV Screen size 29-inch and below 32-inch - 39-inch 40-inch - 43-inch 46-inch - 49-inch 50-inch - 59-inch 60-inch - 69-inch 70-inch and above. Operating System Android iOS Windows Brands Acer Alcatel Asus Apple Cherry Mobile Cloudfone Huawei Lenovo MyPhone O+ USA Samsung Starmobile Xiaomi Features Easy LTE tablets With SIM Wifi only. Operating System Windows macOS DOS Brands Acer Apple Asus Dell HP Hewlett Packard Lenovo MSI Features Easy Basic Professional Office Gaming Touchscreen Ultrabooks 2 in 1. Spec1al New Action cameras GoPro GoPro accessories Android PC Mobile Broadband Whoosh VR Cables Chargers Covers and Cases Gadgets Headsets Memory cards Miracast Powerbanks Screen protectors Hot Software Speakers. Smartphones By operating system Android Apple (iOS) Blackberry Windows Features Pokémon GO ready smartphones Pokémon GO ready smartphones with Gyroscope Pokémon GO ready smartphones without Gyroscope Big screen >5" Dual SIM Maps (Waze) LTE Advanced LTE smartphones Photographer > 18 MP Selfie ready >2 MP Digital TV DLNA USB on the go Virtual Reality Globe Postpaid Brands Alcatel Apple Asus Blackberry Cherry Mobile Cloudfone Energizer Gionee HTC Huawei Hyundai Infocus Lenovo LG Meizu Motorola MyPhone Nokia OnePlus Oppo Samsung Sony Starmobile SuperD Vivo Xiaomi ZTE Smartwatches TVs Brands LG Samsung Sony TCL Features Curved TVs TV Screen size 29-inch and below 32-inch - 39-inch 40-inch - 43-inch 46-inch - 49-inch 50-inch - 59-inch 60-inch - 69-inch 70-inch and above Tablets Operating System Android iOS Windows Brands Acer Alcatel Asus Apple Cherry Mobile Cloudfone Huawei Lenovo MyPhone O+ USA Samsung Starmobile Xiaomi Features LTE tablets With SIM Wifi only Laptops Operating System Windows macOS DOS Brands Acer Apple Asus Dell HP Hewlett Packard Lenovo MSI Features Basic Professional Office Gaming Touchscreen Ultrabooks 2 in 1 Accessories Spec1al Action cameras GoPro GoPro accessories Android PC Mobile Broadband Whoosh VR Cables Chargers Covers and Cases Gadgets Headsets Memory cards Miracast Powerbanks Screen protectors Software Speakers Audio Apple Beats by Dr. Dre AKG Harman Kardon JBL Advanced Search Blog. Once your order is placed, you'll be contacted by Globe to finalize your application. ₱ 0 / month. Only one item possible in the cart when checkout.. Energizer Energy 500 LTE is IP68 rated, shock-proof up to 1.5m, water-proof in 1.5m of water for 30minutes, and dust-proof. It is a Dual SIM smartphone with 5" screen 1280 x 720 pixels. It has 13MP rear camera and 5MP front camera. Under the hood it holds Mediatek MT6737 Quad-core processor at 1.3GHz processing speed. It runs Android Marshmallow operating system with 2GB RAM and 16GB internal memory. It has a battery capacity of 2800mAh and microSD card slot up to 64GB.. Energizer Energy 500 LTE is a Dual SIM smartphone and capacitive touchscreen. It is 5” in screen size with 1280 x 720 pixels and 294 PPI density. It is 152.3 x 80.6 x 18.8 mm and weighs about 284 grams.. This smartphone runs on Android operating system with Marshmallow version. It holds Mediatek MT6737 Quad-core processor at 1.3GHz processing speed, with Mali-T860 GPU. It features 2GB RAM and 16GB internal memory with microSD slot expandable up to 64GB.. The selfie camera is 5MP; and rear camera is 13MP with AF and LED flash.. It sports a 2800mAh Li-Ion battery with microUSB 2.0 connector. The connectivity features include WiFi, Bluetooth, accelerometer, 3G, and LTE connectivity.. Dimensions h x w x d (mm). 152.3 x 80.6 x 18.8 mm. 3G Standby time up to (hours). 850 / 900 / 1900 / 2100. Use single quotes (') for phrases.. is online retailer selling smartphones, tablets and related accessories. Our vision is that anyone in the Philippines will be able to easily upgrade their smartphone from anywhere, anytime.. Mon to Sat : 8:00 AM - 7:00 PM. Made with love in the Philippines. argomall.com is a website of argomall, Inc., a member of Transnational Diversified Group. All trademarks displayed on this website are the exclusive property of the respective holders.. Help Us to Keep Magento Healthy - Report All Bugs. 
Apple Google HTC Huawei LG Motorola Nokia OnePlus Samsung Sony Xiaomi. Select the smartphones that you want to compare. Galaxy S II Skyrocket HD I757. I8200 Galaxy S III mini VE. GSM 850 / 900 / 1800 / 1900 - SIM 1 & SIM 23G bands. HSDPA 850 / 1900 - EM5EL043. HSDPA 900 / 2100 - EM5EL047 2G bands. GSM 850 / 900 / 1800 / 1900. LTE 800 / 850 / 900 / 1800 / 2100 / 2600. (Bands 1, 3, 5, 7, 8, 20). Up to 18 h 40 min. Dimensions - H x W x L. 152.3 mm X 80.6 mm X 18.8 mm. 132.9 mm X 70.1 mm X 10 mm mm. SIM card Dual SIM (Mini-SIM/ Micro-SIM, dual stand-by) yes. Operating system - OS Android OS, v4.4 (KitKat) Android OS, v4.4 (KitKat), planned upgrade to v5.0 (Lollipop). Memory card slot microSD, up to 64 GB microSD, up to 32 GB. Internal memory 8 GB, 1 GB RAM 8 GB, 1.5 GB RAM. Display type IPS LCD PLS TFT. Display resolution 720 x 1280 480 x 800 pixels. PPI /points per inch/ 294 207. Camera resolution 4128 x 3096 2592 Ñ 1944 pixels. Front camera 5 MP Yes, 2 MP. Wi-Fi Wi-Fi 802.11 a/b/g/n, hotspot Wi-Fi 802.11 b/g/n, hotspot. GPS Yes, with A-GPS Yes, with A-GPS, GLONASS. Bluetooth v4.0, A2DP, LE v4.0, A2DP. - Geo-tagging, touch focus, face/smile detection, HDR. - IP67 certified - dust and water resistant up to 1 meter and 30 minutes. - MIL-STD-810G certified - salt, dust, humidity, rain, vibration, solar radiation, transport and thermal shock resistant. Comments and opinions about comparison between - Energizer Energy 500 - Samsung Galaxy XCover 3 -. In our database there are 4337 smartphones from 95 brands And we continue to add new ones. Energizer Energy 500 VS Amazon Fire Phone. Energizer Energy 500 VS Huawei Honor 7. Energizer Energy 500 VS Samsung i300x. Energizer Energy 500 VS Allview P2 AllDro. Energizer Energy 500 VS Kyocera DuraForce. Energizer Energy 500 VS Kyocera Milano C5121. Energizer Energy 500 VS Huawei P8 Lite. Energizer Energy 500 VS Samsung Galaxy XCover 3. Energizer Energy 500 VS Cat S40. Energizer Energy 500 VS Xiaomi Redmi Note 3 Pro. Energizer Energy 500 VS Lenovo Vibe K5 Plus. Energizer Energy 500 VS Energizer Energy 500. Energizer Energy 500 VS Apple iPhone 5c. Energizer Energy 500 VS Sony Xperia Z5. Energizer Energy 500 VS Sony Xperia Z. Energizer Energy 500 VS Kyocera DuraForce XD. Energizer Energy 500 VS LG X screen. Energizer Energy 500 VS Meizu m3s. Energizer Energy 500 VS Apple iPhone 5. Energizer Energy 500 VS Yezz Andy 4E LTE. Energizer Energy 500 VS Cat S50. Energizer Energy 500 VS Kyocera Solo E4000. Energizer Energy 500 VS LG X3. Energizer Energy 500 VS Apple iPhone 7. Energizer Energy 500 VS Cat S60. Energizer Energy 500 VS BLU Neo X. Energizer Energy 500 VS Kyocera Hydro Life. Energizer Energy 500 VS HTC One (M8) for Windows. Energizer Energy 500 VS BLU Studio Touch. Energizer Energy 500 VS Huawei Y635. Energizer Energy 500 VS Samsung Galaxy S6. Energizer Energy 500 VS HTC Desire Eye. Energizer Energy 500 VS Kyocera Brigadier. Energizer Energy 500 VS Motorola Moto G. Energizer Energy 500 VS Huawei Honor 3. Energizer Energy 500 VS BLU Vivo 5R. Energizer Energy 500 VS Kyocera Hydro Elite. Energizer Energy 500 VS Huawei Ascend Y550. Energizer Energy 500 VS Samsung i500. Energizer Energy 500 VS Samsung Galaxy Grand Prime. Energizer Energy 500 VS Samsung Galaxy A5 (2016). Energizer Energy 500 VS Samsung D700. Energizer Energy 500 VS Samsung Galaxy S6 Active. Energizer Energy 500 VS Casio G'zOne CA-201L. Energizer Energy 500 VS Samsung Galaxy S7. Energizer Energy 500 VS Apple iPhone 4. Energizer Energy 500 VS Samsung Galaxy J3. Energizer Energy 500 VS Samsung Galaxy S7 edge (CDMA). Energizer Energy 500 VS Huawei Y360. Energizer Energy 500 VS Apple iPhone 5s. PhonesData is the Web site where you can find information about the full technical specifications of all smartphones. We have added specifications such as size of the screen, processor MHz, MP of camera, battery, weight, operating system, and many more!. We are adding daily new devices and checking the old errors. However, it is possible catalog to have inaccuracies. Not responsible for incorrect entered information. The latest smartphones you can buy from Amazon, Ebay, your mobile operator, the formal representation or other souvenirs of your choice at their price price.. Apple Google HTC Huawei LG Motorola Nokia OnePlus Samsung Sony Xiaomi. 2018 Â© PhonesData - All rights reserved.. 
Home › Energizer › Energy 500 4G Energizer Energy 500 4G - Specifications. Most recent comparisons including Energizer Energy 500 4G List of the latest comparisons made by the website visitors, which include Energizer Energy 500 4G Last viewed devices List of mobile devices, whose specifications have been recently viewed.. Width Height Thickness Write a review. Dimensions : 79.25 x 150.3 x 13.7 mm SoC : MediaTek MT6735 CPU : ARM Cortex-A53, 1300 MHz, Cores : 4 GPU : ARM Mali-T720 MP1, 600 MHz, Cores : 1 RAM : 2 GB, 533 MHz Storage : 16 GB Memory cards : microSD, microSDHC, microSDXC Display : 5 in, IPS, 720 x 1280 pixels, 24 bit Battery : 2800 mAh, Li-Ion OS : Android 6.0 Marshmallow Camera : 4160 x 3120 pixels, 1280 x 720 pixels, 30 fps SIM card : Micro-SIM Wi-Fi : a, b, g, n, Wi-Fi Hotspot USB : 2.0, Micro USB Bluetooth : 4.0 Positioning : GPS, A-GPS. Brand and model Information about the brand, model and model alias (if any) of a specific device. Brand Energizer Model Energy 500 4G Model alias Energy 500 LTE Design Information about the dimensions and weight of the device, shown in different measurement units. Width 79.25 mm (millimeters) 7.93 cm (centimeters) 0.26 ft (feet) 3.12 in (inches) Height 150.3 mm (millimeters) 15.03 cm (centimeters) 0.49 ft (feet) 5.92 in (inches) Thickness 13.7 mm (millimeters) 1.37 cm (centimeters) 0.04 ft (feet) 0.54 in (inches) Volume 163.18 cm³ (cubic centimeters) 9.91 in³ (cubic inches) Colors Black Certification IP68 SIM card The Subscriber Identity Module (SIM) is used in mobile devices for storing data authenticating the subscribers of mobile services. SIM card type Micro-SIM (3FF - third form factor, since 2003, 15.00 x 12.00 x 0.76 mm) Number of SIM cards 2 Features Dual SIM stand-by (Both cards are active. When one is busy, the other is not active) Networks A mobile (cellular) network is a radio system, which allows a large number of mobile devices to communicate with each other. GSM GSM 850 MHz GSM 900 MHz GSM 1800 MHz GSM 1900 MHz UMTS UMTS 900 MHz UMTS 2100 MHz LTE LTE 800 MHz LTE 1800 MHz LTE 2100 MHz LTE 2600 MHz Mobile network technologies and bandwidth Communication between devices within mobile networks is realized via various generations of network technologies, which provide different bandwidth. Mobile network technologies UMTS (384 kbit/s ) EDGE GPRS HSPA+ (HSUPA 5.76 Mbit/s , HSDPA 21 Mbit/s ) LTE Cat 4 (51.0 Mbit/s , 150.8 Mbit/s ) Operating system Operating system is the system software, which manages and controls the functioning of the hardware components of the device. Operating system (OS) Android 6.0 Marshmallow System on Chip (SoC) A system on a chip (SoC) includes into a single chip some of the main hardware components of the mobile device. SoC MediaTek MT6735 Process technology 28 nm (nanometers) CPU ARM Cortex-A53 CPU bits 64 bit Instruction set ARMv8-A Level 1 cache memory (L1) 32 KB + 32 KB (kilobytes) Level 2 cache memory (L2) 512 KB (kilobytes) 0.5 MB (megabytes) CPU cores 4 CPU frequency 1300 MHz (megahertz) GPU ARM Mali-T720 MP1 GPU cores 1 GPU frequency 600 MHz (megahertz) RAM capacity 2 GB (gigabytes) RAM type LPDDR3 RAM channels Single channel RAM frequency 533 MHz (megahertz) Storage Every mobile device has a built-in storage (internal memory) with a fixed capacity. Storage 16 GB (gigabytes) Memory cards Memory cards are used in mobile devices for expanding their external storage capacity. Types microSD microSDHC microSDXC Display The display of a mobile device is characterized by its technology, resolution, pixel density, diagonal length, color depth, etc. Type/technology IPS Diagonal size 5 in (inches) 127 mm (millimeters) 12.7 cm (centimeters) Width 2.45 in (inches) 62.26 mm (millimeters) 6.23 cm (centimeters) Height 4.36 in (inches) 110.69 mm (millimeters) 11.07 cm (centimeters) Aspect ratio 1.778:1 16:9 Resolution 720 x 1280 pixels Pixel density 294 ppi (pixels per inch) 115 ppcm (pixels per centimeter) Color depth 24 bit 16777216 colors Display area 58.05 % (percent) Other features Capacitive Multi-touch Scratch resistant Sensors Different sensors measure different physical quantities and convert them into signals recognizable by the mobile device. Sensors Proximity Light Accelerometer Compass Primary camera The primary camera of the mobile device is usually placed at its back and is used for taking photos and recording videos. Sensor type CMOS (complementary metal-oxide semiconductor) Flash type Dual LED Image resolution 4160 x 3120 pixels 12.98 MP (megapixels) Video resolution 1280 x 720 pixels 0.92 MP (megapixels) Video FPS 30 fps (frames per second) Features Autofocus Continuous shooting Digital zoom Digital image stabilization Geotagging Panorama HDR Touch focus White balance settings ISO settings Exposure compensation Scene mode Secondary camera Secondary cameras are placed above the screen of the device and are usually used for video calls, gesture recognition, etc. Image resolution 2560 x 1920 pixels 4.92 MP (megapixels) Video resolution 640 x 480 pixels 0.31 MP (megapixels) Video FPS 30 fps (frames per second) Audio Information about the type of speakers and the audio technologies supported by the device. Speaker Loudspeaker Earpiece Radio The radio in a mobile device is a built-in FM radio receiver. Radio Yes Tracking/Positioning Information about the positioning and navigation technologies supported by the device. Tracking/Positioning GPS A-GPS Wi-Fi Wi-Fi is a technology that provides wireless data connections between various devices within a short range. Wi-Fi 802.11a (IEEE 802.11a-1999) 802.11b (IEEE 802.11b-1999) 802.11g (IEEE 802.11g-2003) 802.11n (IEEE 802.11n-2009) Wi-Fi Hotspot Bluetooth Bluetooth is a standard for secure wireless data transfer between different types of devices over short distances. Version 4.0 Features A2DP (Advanced Audio Distribution Profile) LE (Low Energy) USB The Universal Serial Bus (USB) is an industry standard that allows different electronic devices to exchange data. Connector type Micro USB Version 2.0 Features Charging Mass storage Headphone jack The headphone jack is an audio phone connector, a.k.a. The most widely used one in mobile devices is the 3.5 mm headphone jack. Headphone jack Yes Connectivity Information about other important connectivity technologies supported by the devices. Connectivity Computer sync OTA sync Tethering Browser A web browser is a software application for accessing, fetching, displaying and navigating through information on the World Wide Web. Browser HTML HTML5 CSS 3 Audio file formats/codecs Mobile devices support various audio file formats and codecs, which respectively store and code/decode digital audio data. Audio file formats/codecs AAC (Advanced Audio Coding) AMR / AMR-NB / GSM-AMR (Adaptive Multi-Rate, .amr, .3ga) eAAC+ / aacPlus v2 / HE-AAC v2 MIDI MP3 (MPEG-2 Audio Layer II, .mp3) WMA (Windows Media Audio, .wma) WAV (Waveform Audio File Format, .wav, .wave) Video file formats/codecs Mobile devices support various video file formats and codecs, which respectively store and code/decode digital video data. Video file formats/codecs 3GPP (3rd Generation Partnership Project, .3gp) AVI (Audio Video Interleaved, .avi) DivX (.avi, .divx, .mkv) H.263 H.264 / MPEG-4 Part 10 / AVC video MKV (Matroska Multimedia Container, .mkv .mk3d .mka .mks) MP4 (MPEG-4 Part 14, .mp4, .m4a, .m4p, .m4b, .m4r, .m4v) Xvid Battery The batteries of mobile devices differ in capacity and technology. They provide the electrical charge needed for the functioning of the devices. Capacity 2800 mAh (milliampere-hours) Type Li-Ion 2G talk time 11 h (hours) 660 min (minutes) 0.5 days 2G stand-by time 300 h (hours) 18000 min (minutes) 12.5 days 3G talk time 11 h (hours) 660 min (minutes) 0.5 days 3G stand-by time 300 h (hours) 18000 min (minutes) 12.5 days Features Removable. Brand name of the company that manufactures the device.. Аlternative names, under which the model is known.. the horizontal side of the device when it is used in its standard orientation.. the vertical side of the device when it is used in its standard orientation.. Information about the thickness/depth of the device in different measurement units.. Estimated volume of the device, calculated from the dimensions provided by the manufacturer. Applies for devices in the form of a rectangular parallelepiped.. Information about the colors, in which the device is available in the market.. Information about the standards, in which the device is certified.. Information about the type and size (form factor) of the SIM card used in the device.. Information about the number of SIM cards, supported by the device.. Information about some specific features related to the SIM card(s) of the device.. GSM (Global System for Mobile Communications) was developed to replace the analog cellular network (1G), therefore it is referred to as a 2G mobile network. It has been improved with the addition of General Packet Radio Services (GPRS) and later via the Enhanced Data rates for GSM Evolution (EDGE) technology.. UMTS stands for Universal Mobile Telecommunications System. Based on the GSM standard, it is deemed as a 3G mobile network standard. It has been developed by the 3GPP and its major advantage is the provision of greater bandwidth and spectral efficiency, due to the W-CDMA technology.. LTE is deemed to be the fourth generation (4G) of mobile communications technology. It has been developed by the 3GPP based on the GSM/EDGE and UMTS/HSPA technologies in order to increase the speed and capacity of wireless data networks. A further development of the technology is called LTE Advanced.. There are several network technologies that enhance the performance of mobile networks mainly by increased data bandwidth. Information about the communication technologies supported by the device and their respective uplink and downlink bandwidth.. Information about the operating system used by the device as well as its version.. The SoC integrates different hardware components such as the CPU, GPU, memory, peripherals, interfaces, etc., as well as software for their functioning.. Information about the process technology used in manufacturing the chip. The value in nanometers represents half the distance between elements that make up the CPU.. CPU is the Central Processing Unit or the processor of a mobile device. Its main function is to interpret and execute instructions contained in software applications.. The CPU bits are determined by the bit-size of the processor registers, address buses and data buses. 64-bit CPUs provide better performance than 32-bit ones, which on their part perform better than 16-bit processors.. The instruction set architecture (ISA) is a set of commands used by the software to manage the CPU's work. Information about the set of instructions the processor can execute.. The cache memory is used by the processor in order to shorten the time needed to access data and instructions that a frequently used. The L1 (level 1) cache memory has a small volume, but operates faster than the RAM and the rest cache memory levels. If the processor does not find the data needed in L1, it continues to look for it in the L2 cache memory. In some processors the search in L1 and L2 is simultaneous.. The L2 (level 2) cache memory is slower than L1, but has a larger capacity, instead, which allows it to cache more data. Just like L1, it is much faster than the system memory (RAM). If the CPU does not find the data needed in L2, it proceeds to look for them in the L3 cache memory (if there is such) or in the RAM.. A CPU core is the processor unit, which executes software instructions. Presently, besides single-core processors, there are dual-core, quad-core, hexa-core and so on multi-core processors. They increase the performance of the device allowing the execution of multiple instructions in parallel.. The frequency of the processor describes its clock rate in cycles per second. It is measured in Megahertz (MHz) or Gigahertz (GHz).. GPU is a graphical processing unit, which handles computation for 2D/3D graphics applications. In mobile devices GPU is usually utilized by games, UI, video playback, etc. GPU can also perform computation in applications traditionally handled by the CPU.. Similar to the CPU, the GPU consists of processing units called cores. They handle the computation of graphics in various applications.. The frequency is the clock rate of the graphic processor (GPU), which is measured in Megahertz (MHz) or Gigahertz (GHz).. RAM (Random-Access Memory) is used by the operating system and all installed applications. Data in the RAM is lost after the device is turned off or restarted.. Information about the type of RAM used by the device.. Information about the number of RAM channels integrated in the SoC. More channels mean higher data transfer rates.. RAM frequency relates directly to the rate of reading/writing from/in the RAM memory.. Information about the capacity of the built-in storage of the device. Sometimes one and the same model may is offered in variants with different internal storage capacity.. The various types of memory cards are characterized by different sizes and capacity. Information about the supported types of memory cards.. One of the main characteristics of the display is its type/technology, on which depends its performance.. In mobile devices display size is represented by the length of its diagonal measured in inches.. The ratio between the long and the short side of the display. The display resolution shows the number of pixels on the horizontal and vertical side of the screen. The higher the resolution is, the greater the detail of the displayed content.. Information about the number of pixels per centimeter (ppcm) or per inch (ppi) of the display. The higher the pixel density, the more detailed and clearer is the information displayed on the screen.. The color depth of the display is also known as bit depth. It shows the number of bits used for the color components of one pixel. Information about the maximum number of colors the screen can display.. The estimated percentage of the screen area from the device's front area.. Information about other functions and features of the display.. Sensors vary in type and purpose. They increase the overall functionality of the device, in which they are integrated.. Digital cameras use image sensors for taking photos. The sensor characteristics are some of the main factors determining the quality of the camera integrated in the mobile device.. Cameras of mobile devices use mainly a LED or a Xenon flash. The LED flash has a softer burst of light and in contrast to the much brighter Xenon flash, is used for recording videos as well.. One of the main characteristics of the cameras of mobile devices is their resolution, which shows the number of pixels on the horizontal and vertical dimensions of the image.. Information about the maximum resolution available for shooting a video with the device.. Information about the maximum number of frames per second (fps), supported by the device while recording a video at maximum resolution. Some of the main standard frame rates for recording and playing video are 24p, 25p, 30p, 60p.. Information about additional software and hardware features of the privamery camera, which improve its overall performance.. Information about the maximum image resolution of the secondary camera. Often, the resolution of the secondary camera is lower than the one of the primary camera.. Information about the maximum resolution available for shooting a video by the secondary camera.. Information about the maximum number of frames per second (fps), supported by the secondary camera while recording a video at maximum resolution.. The loudspeaker is a device, which reproduces various sounds such as ring tones, alarms, music, voice calls, etc. Information about the type of speakers the device uses.. Information whether the device has an FM radio receiver or not.. The tracking/positioning service is provided by various satellite navigation systems, which track the autonomous geo-spatial positioning of the device that supports them. The most common satellite navigation systems are the GPS and the GLONASS. There are also non-satellite technologies for locating mobile devices such as the Enhanced Observed Time Difference, Enhanced 911, GSM Cell ID.. Wi-Fi communication between devices is realized via the IEEE 802.11 standards. Some devices have the possibility to serve as Wi-Fi Hotspots by providing internet access for other nearby devices. Wi-Fi Direct (Wi-Fi P2P) is another useful standard that allows devices to communicate with each other without the need for wireless access point (WAP).. The technology has several versions, which improve the connection speed, range, connectivity and discoverability of the devices. Information about the Bluetooth version of the device.. Bluetooth uses various profiles and protocols related to faster exchange of data, energy saving, better device discoverability, etc. Some of those supported by the device are listed here.. There are several USB connector types: the Standard one, the Mini and Micro connectors, On-The-Go connectors, etc. Type of the USB connector used by the device.. There are several versions of the Universal Serial Bus (USB) standard: USB 1.0 (1996), the USB 2.0 (2000), the USB 3.0 (2008), etc. With each following version the rate of data transfer is increased.. Тhe USB interface in mobile devices may be used for different purposes such as battery charging, using the device as a mass storage, host, etc.. Information whether the device is equipped with a 3.5 mm audio jack.. Information about some of the most widely used connectivity technologies supported by the device.. Information about some of the features and standards supported by the browser of the device.. List of some of the most common audio file formats and codecs supported standardly by the device.. List of some of the most common video file formats and codecs supported standardly by the device.. The capacity of a battery shows the maximum charge, which it can store, measured in mili-Ampere hours.. The battery type is determined by its structure and more specifically, by the chemicals used in it. There are different battery types and some of the most commonly used in mobile devices are the lithium-ion (Li-Ion) and the lithium-ion polymer battery (Li-Polymer).. 2G talk time is the time period a battery charge will last, if one is constantly talking on the phone in a 2G cellular network.. 2G stand-by time is the longest time a battery charge will last, if the device is not used but is constantly connected to the 2G cellular network.. 3G talk time is the time period a battery charge will last, if one is constantly talking on the phone in a 3G cellular network.. 3G stand-by time is the longest time a battery charge will last, if the device is not used but is constantly connected to the 3G mobile network.. Information about some additional features of the device's battery.. Provide information about, which of the published data you want to be edited as well as a reliable source, which confirms the accuracy of the information you suggest *. Enter the characters from the image: *. Dimensions : 79.25 x 150.3 x 13.7 mm SoC : MediaTek MT6735 CPU : ARM Cortex-A53, 1300 MHz, Cores : 4 GPU : ARM Mali-T720 MP1, 600 MHz RAM : 2 GB, 533 MHz Storage : 16 GB Display : 5 in, IPS, 720 x 1280 pixels, 24 bit Battery : 2800 mAh, Li-Ion OS : Android 6.0 Marshmallow Camera : 4160 x 3120 pixels, 1280 x 720 pixels, 30 fps. The information on this website is provided on "as is, as available basis" without warranty of any kind. DeviceSpecifications is not responsible for any omissions, inaccuracies or other errors in the information it publishes. All warranties with respect to this information are disclaimed. Reproduction of any part of this website in its entirety or partially or in any form or medium without prior written permission is prohibited. The trademarks, marques and logos of the manufacturers of devices, software, hardware, etc. are the property of their respective owners.. 
Select the department you want to search in. Sign in Account & Lists Sign in Account & Lists Orders Try Prime Cart. Your Amazon.com Today's Deals Gift Cards Registry Sell Help Disability Customer Support. 1-16 of 32 results for "Energizer smartphones". See all results for Energizer smartphones .. Energizer XP18000AB Universal Power Adapter with External Battery for Tablets/Laptops/Netbooks/Smartphones - Black (XP18000AB). Energizer 10.000mAh Portable PowerBank / Charger for any Smartphone, included microUSB cable with 1 USB port for iPhone's, Samsung's and more.. Only 5 left in stock - order soon.. users worldwide trusting the Energizer brand for charging their .... 64GB MicroSDXC Memory Card for Energizer Energy 500 Smartphone -- 64 G/GB/GIG 64G 64GIG. Only 20 left in stock - order soon.. Energizer PowerKeep Wanderer Solar Panel Daypack. 5 Pcs Set CR2016 3V 75mAh Button Cell Lithium Battery. Energizer UE10004QC 10000mAh 2.1A Quick Charge 3.0 ABS Lithium Polymer Power Bank for Smartphones and Tablets, White. Only 1 left in stock - order soon.. Energizer PowerKeep Solar Pro Executive Pack Solar 10000MA Battery (Black). alternative? Energizer has the ... can power smartphones , tablets .... 64GB MicroSDXC Memory Card for Energizer Energy 400 Smartphone -- 64 G/GB/GIG 64G 64GIG. Only 20 left in stock - order soon.. Energizer Power Bank For SMARTPHONES 6000mAh Black. Energizer UE10004 10000mAh 2.1A Lithium Polymer Power Bank for Smartphones and Tablets, Black. Only 1 left in stock - order soon.. Compatibility: Smartphones , Tablets & More Energizer UE10004 10000mAh 2. POWER BANK FROM ENERGIZER FOR SMARTPHONES 2000mAh Black. Energizer Portable Smartphone Charger for smartphones and iPhones, 1 USB Port. doubles the run time of most smartphones and easily recharges in just .... POWER BANK FROM ENERGIZER FOR SMARTPHONES 10400mAh Black. Energizer UE10008 Power Bank Portable Charger 10000mAh Capcity for Smartphone Tablet iPhone iPad Samsung Galaxy Sony LG. Only 1 left in stock - order soon.. capacity charge all your smartphone , tablet, camera, and other .... EVEPP12K - Energizer Portable Smartphone Charger - For Smartphones and iPhone. Only 5 left in stock - order soon.. POWER BANK FROM ENERGIZER FOR SMARTPHONES 5000mAh Black. 4 Stars & Up & Up. 3 Stars & Up & Up. 2 Stars & Up & Up. 1 Star & Up & Up. All customers get FREE Shipping on orders over $25 shipped by Amazon. There's a problem loading this menu right now.. Get fast, free shipping with Amazon Prime. Prime members enjoy FREE Two-Day Shipping and exclusive access to music, movies, TV shows, original audio series, and Kindle books.. Careers About Amazon Investor Relations Amazon Devices. Sell on Amazon Sell Your Services on Amazon Sell on Amazon Business Sell Your Apps on Amazon Become an Affiliate Advertise Your Products Self-Publish with Us › See all. Amazon Rewards Visa Signature Cards Amazon.com Store Card Amazon.com Corporate Credit Line Shop with Points Credit Card Marketplace Reload Your Balance Amazon Currency Converter. Your Account Your Orders Shipping Rates & Policies Amazon Prime Returns & Replacements Manage Your Content and Devices Amazon Assistant Help. Amazon Music Stream millions of songs. Amazon Drive Cloud storage from Amazon. 6pm Score deals on fashion brands. AbeBooks Books, art & collectibles. ACX Audiobook Publishing Made Easy. Alexa Actionable Analytics for the Web. Amazon Business Everything For Your Business. AmazonFresh Groceries & More Right To Your Door. AmazonGlobal Ship Orders Internationally. Home Services Handpicked Pros Happiness Guarantee. Amazon Inspire Digital Educational Resources. Amazon Rapids Fun stories for kids on the go. Amazon Restaurants Food delivery from local restaurants. Amazon Video Direct Video Distribution Made Easy. Amazon Web Services Scalable Cloud Computing Services. Audible Download Audio Books. AudiobookStand Discount Audiobooks on Disc. Book Depository Books With Free Delivery Worldwide. Box Office Mojo Find Movie Box Office Data. ComiXology Thousands of Digital Comics. CreateSpace Indie Print Publishing Made Easy. DPReview Digital Photography. East Dane Designer Men's Fashion. Fabric Sewing, Quilting & Knitting. Goodreads Book reviews & recommendations. IMDb Movies, TV & Celebrities. IMDbPro Get Info Entertainment Professionals Need. Junglee.com Shop Online in India. Kindle Direct Publishing Indie Digital Publishing Made Easy. Prime Now FREE 2-Hour Delivery on Everyday Items. Prime Photos Unlimited Photo Storage Free With Prime. Shopbop Designer Fashion Brands. TenMarks.com Math Activities for Kids & Schools. Warehouse Deals Open-Box Discounts. Whole Foods Market America’s Healthiest Grocery Store. Withoutabox Submit to Film Festivals. Woot! Deals and Shenanigans. Zappos Shoes & Clothing. Souq.com Shop Online in the Middle East. Subscribe with Amazon Discover & try subscription services. Conditions of Use Privacy Notice Interest-Based Ads © 1996-2018, Amazon.com, Inc. 
Energizer Energy 500 Android OS is smart, simple and truly use. A polished design, great performance and many features. With a 5" HD Screen where you can view all your entertainment on a light and bright screen for an immersive visual experience.. Reach our call center at +968 2453 1111. Please Login to your Sindbad account and click on Sindbad help.. Have a query? need clarification? We suggest you checkout our FAQs section and see if we can answer your question.. Get contact details of worldwide Oman Air offices. 
Каталог самых низких цен на товары (на главную страницу). energizer energy 500 lte black купить по лучшей цене. Brand N/A Model SL200 Material Plastic Color Black Quantity 1 Emitter Type LED: sealant type into 5 flat concave Total Emitters 1 Power 12 W Color BIN Colorful Rate Voltage 3.0~3.3 V Luminous Flux 500 lm Color Temperature N/A K Wavelength N/A nm Connector Type E14 Application Holiday Lightings Features Solar panel: 2V/200mA Battery: one 1.2V/1200mAh Eco-friendly Ni-MH AA; LED color: redyellowbluegreen; Product Size: the whole wire is 17m and the length between the control box and the first LED light is 2m. Other The solar LED string lights are a kind of solar-powered decorative lights that are made up of some LED lights. The highly efficient solar panel will convert solar energy into electrical energy and store in the built-in battery for the LED. The specific light-control system makes sure that the lights will be charged in the daytime (enough light) automatically and light in the evening (low light). In addition the lights are easy to install waterproof and sun-proof. This product is widely used in the place of roads courtyards shop windows stores halls stages etc. Especially it will create a warm and romantic holiday atmosphere to be used for Christmas tree decoration. It will continuously light 6-8 hours if it is charged over 8 hours by the enough sunlight. Product lifespan: more than 1 year. Packing List 1 x Solar light 1 x Manual. Смартфон Energizer Energy 500 LTE Black. Сотовый телефон Energizer Energy 500 LTE. Планшет ASUS Zenpad Z500KL 9.7 32Gb LTE Black (1A008A). Внешний аккумулятор Energizer UE10007 Black, Blue 10000 мАч, Li-Ion. Asus ZenFone 2 Laser 16Gb ZE500KL Dual sim LTE Black. Lenovo ThinkPad L460 [20FVS0UV00] black 14 {FHD i5-6300U/4Gb/500Gb/LTE/W10Pro+W7Pro}. Внешний аккумулятор Energizer UE5007 Black / Blue 5000mAh черный / синий. Внешний аккумулятор Energizer UE10007 Black / Blue 10000mAh черный / синий. Смартфон LG K10 LTE Black Gold (K430DS). Energizer Energi To Go iPod Charger With 2 AA Lithium Batteries. Мобильный телефон ViewSonic V500 LTE 4G 5,5 FHD 1920 X 1080 2 16 MSM8926 4.4 GPS Android SIM. SL200 500lm E14 200 Colorful LEDs Solar Energy Powered Decorative Lamp - Black. Визитницы Альт Визитница а5 sidney (черный). 2pcs/Package MOS 3S lipo battery 11.1v 1100mAh 25C For rc airplane free shipping. go to market strategy using risk managed marketing. super mini aluminum uv ultra violet 9 led flashlight blacklight torch light lamp. james sagner working capital management applications and case studies. палки cober tear green oval 125cm. 3pcs set 500ml 100ml 250ml glass beaker 3 3 borosilicate lab glassware low form. 003 120507 01 original bare lamp for christie lw555 lwu505 lx605 projectors. sexy deep v neck lace details slit side pajamas in red. led taillight for chevy cruze 2009 2013 rear light. 516826 b21 516826 s21 517353 001 450g 15k 3 5inch sas 1 year warranty. e14 5w 180lm 3000k 32 smd 3014 led warm white candle spotlight ac 85 265v. постельное белье amore mio постельное белье warsaw 2 спал. monte christmas ель новогодняя sumbul 40 см. эдит мэтис дитер гольдман питер шмальфусс suddeutsche philharmonie ханс кристоф беккер фос berliner festspielorchester владимир петрошофф 101 piano masterpieces 10 cd. fengshou fs184 estate 184 the thermostat housing lower for engine j285t part number. рюкзак городской wenger цвет серый 15 л. платье love republic love republic lo022ewxsn23. smartte anti lost bluetooth smart wallet with 6 key rings remote shutter. 4x cylinder black plastic furniture legs feet for sofa 80 x 73 x 45mm bqlzr. комплект защита картера и крепеж toyota corolla auris 2007 2012 verso 2009 2012 avensis prius 2009. free shipping 4 jaws mini chuck k02 50 m14 1 thread sanou self centering chuck. 
Hol és mennyiért kapható egy Energizer Energy 500?. Egy készülékre csak egyszer lehet szavazatot leadni!. 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10. 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10. 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10. Nincs rá pénzed? (x) Kattints és nézd meg a kölcsönöket!. Operációs rendszer KitKat (Android OS v4,4). Frekvenciasáv sgg = HSPA, Global GSM bands. CPU,GPU,ChipSet Mediatek MT6582, Quad-core 1,3 GHz Cortex-A7, Mali-400MP2. Memória bõvíthetõség T-Flash - microSD. Organizer a rendszer részeként alap szolgáltatás. Office alkalmazások de = Document viewer & editor. Funkciók Barométer is vsn benne!. 3 évvel ezelőtt látogatóink 23 százaléka egyáltalán nem használta internetezésre a telefonját. Nézzük meg mi a helyzet jelenleg. kapcsolat | médiaajánlat | impresszum. 2000 © Minden jog fenntartva - Telefonguru.hu. Honlapunk oldalain található információk és számítások a piacon elérhető adatokon alapszanak.. Sajnos mi sem vagyunk tévedhetetlenek, és az adatközlők sem. Az esetleges pontatlanságokért valamint az adatok felhasználásból eredő károkért felelősséget nem tudunk vállalni.. A Telefonguru oldalainak másodközlése csak a tulajdonos engedélyével lehetséges!. 
Comparison of Energizer Energy 500 and Leagoo Elite 1. The side-by-side comparison of the smartphones’ specifications. The comparison table below makes it easier to choose the most fitting smartphone.. 152.3 x 80.6 x 18.8 mm. 143.8 x 69.5 x 7.5 mm. 13 MP 4128 x 3096 px autofocus. 13 MP 4160 x 3120 px autofocus. 850 / 900 / 1800 / 1900. 850 / 900 / 1800 / 1900. Certified IP68 dustproof and waterproof Dual SIM. Corning Gorilla Glass 3 Dual SIM. A maximum of 3 smartphones can be compared at the same time. To add or change a smartphone, type the name of the smartphone you’re looking for in the search field of the table’s column, then click on the smartphone’s name in the drop-down list of search results.. After leaving this page, you can reach your last comparison under "Comparisons".. 
Select the department you want to search in. Sign in Account & Lists Sign in Account & Lists Orders Try Prime Cart. Your Amazon.com Today's Deals Gift Cards Registry Sell Help Disability Customer Support. 1-16 of 39 results for "ekotek". Ekotek Ekophone Rogue 3 Cellphone Wallet Wrist-let Phone Case Holder. 5% off purchase of 2 items and 1 more promotion. 5% off purchase of 3 items See Details. 2 In 1 Built In KickStand Flip Case Wallet Cover- |BLACK| Compatible With: Arbor Gladius GT-500, DEXP Ixion X355 Zenith, Doov L8 Plus, Ekotek Ekophone Sage Lite, Energizer Energy 500. 5% off purchase of 2 items and 1 more promotion. 10% off purchase of 3 items See Details. Ekotek Encore 2 Car holder Universal 360° Wall Glass Windshield Mount Bracket Stand for Phone iPhone Samsung GPS Tablet. EPA Superfund Record of Decision: Petrochem/Recycling Corporation/Ekotek Plant: Salt Lake City, UT Jan 30, 2013. $27.96 (7 used &amp new offers). Broonel Metallic Grey Rechargeable Fine Point Digital Stylus for the. Ekotek Ekotab Encore 2u Car holder Universal 360° Wall Glass Windshield Mount Bracket Stand for Phone iPhone Samsung GPS Tablet. I-Sonite Black Universal Waterproof Tablet Case Bag with Adjustable Neck Strasp Water For Ekotek Encore 2 - 7". Ekotek Ekotab Encore 2u Car holder Universal 360° Wall Glass Windshield Mount Bracket Stand for Phone iPhone Samsung GPS Tablet. ONX3 Mini Portable Micro USB DVB-T Digital Mobile TV Tuner Receiver For Ekotek Ekotab Encore 2u. Ekotek Encore 2 Car holder Universal 360° Wall Glass Windshield Mount Bracket Stand for Phone iPhone Samsung GPS Tablet. Ekotek Ekotab Encore 2u Messenger Crossbody Shoulder Carrying bag with Pockets. 5% off purchase of 2 items and 1 more promotion. 5% off purchase of 3 items See Details. ONX3 Mini Portable Micro USB DVB-T Digital Mobile TV Tuner Receiver For Ekotek Encore 2. Ekotek Ekotab Encore 2u Messenger Crossbody Shoulder Carrying bag with Pockets. 5% off purchase of 2 items and 1 more promotion. 5% off purchase of 3 items See Details. Ekotek Ekotab Encore 2u Messenger Crossbody Shoulder Carrying bag with Pockets. 5% off purchase of 2 items and 1 more promotion. 5% off purchase of 3 items See Details. ONX3 Ekotek Encore 2 7" (Brown) Ultra-Slim Adjustable Tablet Case QWERTY Keyboard Stand Cover for Android Tablet with Micro USB Connection. Broonel Midnight Black Rechargeable Fine Point Digital Stylus for the Ekotek Encore 2. 4 Stars & Up & Up. 3 Stars & Up & Up. 2 Stars & Up & Up. 1 Star & Up & Up. All customers get FREE Shipping on orders over $25 shipped by Amazon. There's a problem loading this menu right now.. Get fast, free shipping with Amazon Prime. Prime members enjoy FREE Two-Day Shipping and exclusive access to music, movies, TV shows, original audio series, and Kindle books.. Careers About Amazon Investor Relations Amazon Devices. Sell on Amazon Sell Your Services on Amazon Sell on Amazon Business Sell Your Apps on Amazon Become an Affiliate Advertise Your Products Self-Publish with Us › See all. Amazon Rewards Visa Signature Cards Amazon.com Store Card Amazon.com Corporate Credit Line Shop with Points Credit Card Marketplace Reload Your Balance Amazon Currency Converter. Your Account Your Orders Shipping Rates & Policies Amazon Prime Returns & Replacements Manage Your Content and Devices Amazon Assistant Help. Amazon Music Stream millions of songs. Amazon Drive Cloud storage from Amazon. 6pm Score deals on fashion brands. AbeBooks Books, art & collectibles. ACX Audiobook Publishing Made Easy. Alexa Actionable Analytics for the Web. Amazon Business Everything For Your Business. AmazonFresh Groceries & More Right To Your Door. AmazonGlobal Ship Orders Internationally. Home Services Handpicked Pros Happiness Guarantee. Amazon Inspire Digital Educational Resources. Amazon Rapids Fun stories for kids on the go. Amazon Restaurants Food delivery from local restaurants. Amazon Video Direct Video Distribution Made Easy. Amazon Web Services Scalable Cloud Computing Services. Audible Download Audio Books. AudiobookStand Discount Audiobooks on Disc. Book Depository Books With Free Delivery Worldwide. Box Office Mojo Find Movie Box Office Data. ComiXology Thousands of Digital Comics. CreateSpace Indie Print Publishing Made Easy. DPReview Digital Photography. East Dane Designer Men's Fashion. Fabric Sewing, Quilting & Knitting. Goodreads Book reviews & recommendations. IMDb Movies, TV & Celebrities. IMDbPro Get Info Entertainment Professionals Need. Junglee.com Shop Online in India. Kindle Direct Publishing Indie Digital Publishing Made Easy. Prime Now FREE 2-Hour Delivery on Everyday Items. Prime Photos Unlimited Photo Storage Free With Prime. Shopbop Designer Fashion Brands. TenMarks.com Math Activities for Kids & Schools. Warehouse Deals Open-Box Discounts. Whole Foods Market America’s Healthiest Grocery Store. Withoutabox Submit to Film Festivals. Woot! Deals and Shenanigans. Zappos Shoes & Clothing. Souq.com Shop Online in the Middle East. Subscribe with Amazon Discover & try subscription services. Conditions of Use Privacy Notice Interest-Based Ads © 1996-2018, Amazon.com, Inc. 
GSMchoice: 305 brands. A D V E R T I S E M E N T. Samsung Huawei LG Nokia Alcatel ZTE Prestigio Sony Asus BLU Motorola Lenovo HTC Sharp Coolpad Xiaomi Sony Ericsson Fly i-mobile Oppo Apple Intex Honor Panasonic Vivo Doogee myPhone Micromax Kyocera Wiko. Data Gallery Tests News Pictures Opinions Questions To your site. Energizer Energy 200 Energizer Energy 240 Energizer Energy 400 Energizer Energy 400 LTE Energizer Energy 500 Energizer Energy E10 Energizer Energy E20 Energizer Energy E520 Energizer Energy S550 Energizer Hardcase H240S Energizer Hardcase H550S Energizer Power Max P550S Energizer Power Max P600S. Dimensions (W x H x D). 152.30 x 80.60 x 18.80 mm. Color / TFT 16M colors 720 x 1280 px. 2G: 500 h (20.8 days). microSD, microSDHC, microSDXC (up to 64 GB). MediaTek MT6582 Processor clock: 1.30 GHz Number of cores: 4. GPU: ARM Mali-400 MP2 @500 MHz. A D V E R T I S E M E N T. If you want to add standard information about this phone to your site please - click here !. A D V E R T I S E M E N T. Popularity chart of Energizer Energy 500. We do our best to present the proper and current information on this page. However, in case of finding any error in the data above please. Sorry, there are no opinions yet.. © 2005 - 2018 PIK Sp. MWC18: Samsung finally reveals the premiere flagships ». MWC18: HMD Global and a lot of new Nokias – including the iconic “banana” ». MWC18: LG presents the LG V30S ThinQ model with artificial intelligence ». MWC18: Three series of Alcatel smartphones - the first launch in Barcelona ». MWC18: Huawei, a genius laptop and multimedia tablets ». Samsung Galaxy S9/S9+ Unpacked - where and how to watch? All Rights Reserved by PIK Sp. Your IP 162.158.179.32 Engine & layout by InterData. 
The next video is starting stop. ENERGIZER ENERGY 500 - test par TFP. Want to watch this again later?. Sign in to add this video to a playlist.. Sign in to report inappropriate content.. Sign in to make your opinion count.. Sign in to make your opinion count.. The interactive transcript could not be loaded.. Rating is available when the video has been rented.. This feature is not available right now. Energizer a fait une entrée récente dans le monde des smartphones, et plus particulièrement des smartphones "endurcis" ou encore "résistants". Le Energizer Energy 500 est donc l'un de ceux-là. Un smartphone normé IP68 (étanche, résistant aux chutes, etc.) que je vous propose de découvrir à l'occasion de ce test. Un mobile commercialisé (novembre 2015) au prix maximum conseillé de 399€. -------------------------------------------------- Retrouvez les offres de notre Opérateur Sponsor sur : http://www.top-for-phone.fr/operateur... -------------------------------------------------- ► Youtube (s'abonner) | http://www.youtube.com/subscription_c... ► Facebook | http://www.facebook.com/topforphone ► Twitter | http://www.twitter.com/topforphone ► Site web | http://www.top-for-phone.fr ► Forum | http://www.top-for-phone.fr/forum/. When autoplay is enabled, a suggested video will automatically play next.. BLACKVIEW BV6000 Extreme Test--Android 6.0 IP68 Waterproof Rugged 4G LTE Smartphone. ENERGIZER ENERGY 500 - déballage par TFP. ENERGIZER ENERGY 400 LTE - Shoch Water Proof Test. Energizer E550 LTE na MWC 2017. Energizer's Rugged Smartphone Packs a Beefy 4000mAh Battery. Power Max P600S: Energizer presents a cell phone with battery and "infinite" screen. ENERGIZER ENERGY 200 - test par Top-For-Phone.fr. Quels sont les meilleurs smartphones étanches du moment ? DQJMM (2/2). Smartphones Energizer par Yezz (CES 2015) - par Test-Mobile.fr. Land Rover Smartphone To be Unveiled in early 2017. Quel smartphone acheter en 2017 ?. SAMSUNG GALAXY J3, J5, J7 (2017) : méga-comparo par TFP. Energizer Energy E550LTE Smartphone First Look ᴴᴰ. Energizer Hardcase Lantern - TUF4D1 - CREE bulb upgrade and Battery Change. ENERGIZER ENERGY 200 - déballage par TFP. ARCHOS DIAMOND OMEGA - test par TopForPhone. Test Honor 7x : le luxe pas cher ?. Sign in to add this to Watch Later. 
Spesifikasi dan Harga Energizer Energy 500. Our Reader Rating — No user ratings yet!. Kamera Depan 5 MP + Kamera Utama 13 MP,. Dual SIM (Mini-SIM/ Micro-SIM, dual stand-by),. RAM 1 GB, Internal Memory 8 GB,. 5.0'', 720 x 1280 pixels, 16:9 ratio (~294 ppi density) display. Spesifikasi Expert Reviews User Reviews Bandingkan Harga. 152.3 x 80.6 x 18.8 mm (6.00 x 3.17 x 0.74 in). Dual SIM (Mini-SIM/ Micro-SIM, dual stand-by). 720 x 1280 pixels, 16:9 ratio (~294 ppi density). IPS LCD capacitive touchscreen, 16M colors. GSM 850 / 900 / 1800 / 1900 - SIM 1 & SIM 2. HSDPA 850 / 1900 - EM5EL043. Up to 18 h 40 min. Berikut ini spesifikasi HP Energizer Energy 500 lengkap.. Leave a reply Click here to cancel the reply. Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *. Fitur perbandingan harga — masih dalam pengembangan .. ©2018 GadgetBagus - Review & Harga HP Terbaru. /* Content Template: Optimized – Produk - start */. /* Image Border in Posts Table Pro. /* Content Template: Optimized – Produk - end */. 
Dual SIM (Mini-SIM/ Micro-SIM, dual stand-by). Geo-tagging, HDR, face/smile detection, touch focus. models similar to Energizer Energy 500. 
Skip to primary navigation Skip to content Skip to primary sidebar Main navigation. Database of GSM USB Drivers for all Android Devices. Home Samsung Lenovo Asus OnePlus Vivo Xiaomi Huawei BLU Search for any device.... Download Energizer Energy 500 USB Drivers Reader Interactions Primary Sidebar. Home › Energizer › Energizer Energy 500 USB Drivers. Having trouble connecting Energizer Energy 500 to PC? It might be a driver problem, so just download Energizer USB Drivers and install them on Windows 10, 7, 8, 8.1 or XP PC. The Energizer Energy 500 USB Drivers provided here are official and are virus free. Based on your need download USB Driver for Energizer Energy 500 from the downloads section and install it on Windows PC by following the instructions provided below.. With Energizer Energy 500 USB Driver installed on PC, we can establish a secure connection between Computer and Mobile. This helps in transferring data like images, video, documents and other files to and fro from Mobile to PC. We have also provided Energizer Energy 500 ADB and Fastboot drivers which helps in passing commands to Phone via Command Prompt (CMD).. There are three types of Energizer Energy 500 USB Drivers available for download. Two of them can be used for flashing Stock Firmware and other stuff, basically for development purpose and the third one can be used for normally connecting your device to Computer or Laptop.. Energizer Energy 500 Driver for Flashing Firmware. Energizer Energy 500 VCOM Drivers for Flashing Firmware. Energizer Energy 500 USB Driver for normal connecting to PC. The Energizer Energy 500 Fastboot and ADB drivers can be downloaded below.. Energizer Energy 500 ADB and Fastboot Drivers. How to Install Energizer Energy 500 USB Drivers Manually:. Step 1 : Download and extract the driver on your computer.. Step 2 : Open Device Manager and Click on “ Action “.. Step 3 : Now Click on “ Add legacy hardware “.. Note : If the “ Add legacy hardware ” option is missing then click on the empty space inside the Device Manager and then click on “ Action “. Now you should see “ Add legacy hardware ” option.. Step 4 : Click Next .. Step 5 : Select “ Install the hardware that I manually select from a list (Advanced) “.. Step 6 : Select “ Show All Devices ” and Click on “ Have Disk… ”. Step 7 : Click on Browse .. Step 8 : Locate the extracted driver manually on your computer.. Step 9 : Click Open. Step 10 : Choose the Driver you want to install and then Click on Next .. Step 11 : Your Driver will be installed and listed in the Device Manager.. Step 12 : If you see additional drivers in Step 10 , then follow the instructions from Step 3 to Step 9 again and choose the driver listed below the one which you have previously installed. Similarly, follow for all the additional drivers.. How to Install Energizer Energy 500 ADB and Fastboot Drivers:. Step 1 : Download the 15 Seconds ADB installer on your PC. If it is in the .zip archive then extract it to obtain the .exe file.. Step 2 : Right-click on the file and Run as administrator .. Step 3 : It should ask, whether you want to install ADB and Fastboot Driver on PC. Enter “Y” and hit Enter key.. Step 4 : Now it should ask whether you want to install ADB system-wide. Step 5 : It should ask whether you want to install device drivers. Step 6 : Follow the on-screen instructions.. Important Notes : [*] Driver Signature Error : If you got Driver Signature Error While installing the Driver then See this Video to fix this problem. [*] Broken link : Report here. [*] Have we missed any device model? Let us know by contacting us via Contact Us page.. SHARE ON Twitter Facebook WhatsApp Google+ Buffer LinkedIn Pin It. Leave a Reply Cancel reply. Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *. Human Verification: In order to verify that you are a human and not a spam bot, please enter the answer into the following box below based on the instructions contained in the graphic.. Select a Device Manufacturer Select a Device Manufacturer Select Device 5Star Aamra Accent Acer ACI Adcom Admet Advan Advance AFC AG AGT Airmax Akai Akasaki Akua Alcatel Alive Allcall Allview Allwinner Alphard Altron Amazon Ambrane Amgoo Amoi Amschel Ank Aoto Aovo Aprix Apro Arbutus Archos Arise ARK Asiafone Ask Astro Astrum Asus Attila Avea Avov Avvio Axiom Axioo Azpen Azumi Babaosi Bassoon BDFones Bedove Bellphone BenQ Beyond Billion Bird Blackberry Blackview Bleck BLU Bluboo Blumix Bmobile Bontel Boway BQ Brandcode Bravis Bsmobile BSNL Byond Calme Camfone Cappu Casio Casper Caszh Cat CCE CCIT Celkon CellAllure Centric Champion Cheers Cherry Chuwi Cilee CityCall CKK Cktel Clarmin Clear Clementoni Cloudfone CMX Coddy Colorovo Colors Comio Condor Conquest Contigo Coolpad Croma Cube Cubot Daewoo Datawind DDC Dell Dexp Diamond Digicom Digiflip Digo Discover Discoveri-y Docoss DOMO Doogee Doopro Doppio DTC Dunns Ebest Editorial Egreat Ei Elephone Elite Energizer Enet Ephone Etel Eurostar Evercoss EveryPhone Fero Figo Fluo Fly FMT Fohow Fondi Fortis FPT Freedom Freetel G Plus G-Tide Garmin GDL General Mobile Genesis GeniusTouch Gfive Gicent Gigabyte Gigi Ginzzu Gionee Gmango Goclever Gol Goldberg Gome Good One Google Gooweel Gphone Grand Greenberry Greentel Gretel Gtel GuoPhone Haier HCL HDC hello Helowin Hero Himax Hisense Hitech Hocom HomTom Hoow Hopo Hotwav HP HSI HSL HTC Huasi Huawei Hyundai I-Boo iBall iBrit IceMobile iCherry iHunt iKnock IMI iNew Infinix InFocus Innjoo iNova Intex Invens iPro iRulu It Works itel Ivoomi Jepssen Jesy Jiake Jivi Josh Mobile Kagoo Kaicom Karbonn Kata KDW Kelaida Kempler Kenbo Kente Kenxinda Kimfly Kingstar Koolnee Kult Kyocera Kzen L-Max Land Rover Lanix Lapnet Lava Leaf Leagoo Lecom LeEco Lemon Lenovo Lephone Letv LG Lmkj Logicom Long Lordor Lovme LV Mobile LY Lyf M-Horse M4tel Mafe Magicon Mobile Magnus Mai Malata Manta Massgo Massive Masstel Maxcom Maximus Maxwest Maxx Maxxcall MBO MCI MDC Meidou Meizu MEU Micromax Mifaso Mione MIQ Mirage Mito Mobell Mobicel Mobiistar Mobistel Mobo Modoex Motorola MPT Mtech Mobile MTN Mtouch Multilaser Mumi Mycell Myfon MyPhone Mytec Mytel Navcity NDE Newings Nexcom Nextbit NIU Nokia Nova Nvidia Nyx Oale Obi Ocean Okapia Oking Okwu OLA OneClick OnePlus Ooredoo Open Oplus Oppo Opsson Orange Orro OSE Osmo Otto Oukitel Ourstar Ovana Panasonic Pantech Partner Mobile PCD PCsmart Peace Phicomm Philips PhoneMax Pipo Pixus Plum Polaroid Polytron Posh Mobile Positivo Prestigio Primux Qlink QMobile Qnet Qphone Qrea Quantum Rage Rangs Razer RCA Reach Mobile Rinno Rivo Royalstar RugGear Ryte S-Color Samhe Samsung Sansui Seeken Selecline Sharp Shelby Sico Singtech Sinotec Sintel SKG Sky Skyview Skyworth Slim Smart Smile Snopow Sonim Sony Soraka Spice Spinup StarMobile STF Strawberry Swipe SYH Symphony T-Mobile Tasen Tashan TCL Tech Techcore Tecno Teeno Teknosa Telefunken Telego Telenor Texet THL Timmy Tinmo Titanic Tooky Toshiba Touchmate Tradeno True TWZ Ulefone Ultimate UMI Uni-Tel Uniscope Unnecto Usha Verssed Vertex Vertu Verykool Vfone VG Viaan Vibo Videocon Viettel Vifone Vinci Vivo VK Vodafone Voicetel Volkssmart Vonino Vortex Voto Vsun Walton Wave We Western Wieppo Wiko Winfone Wing Wink Winmax Winstar Wolder Woxter XBO XBQ Xcom XDU XGody Xiaomi Xiaoxing Xolo Xplay Yasyas YBZ YesTel Yezz YotaPhone YU Yusun Zelta Zen Mobile Zentality ZH&K Zigo Ziox Zoji Zonda ZT Mobile ZTE ZURI Zuum Zync ZYQ. Privacy Policy About Contact Us Sitemap. Android USB Drivers | This site is not affiliated with Google or any of the device manufacturers listed on this site.. 
How to change the PIN code on your Energizer Energy 500. by Brain Start · June 12, 2017. How to change the PIN code on your Energizer Energy 500 How to change the PIN on your Energizer Energy 500 How to disable the PIN of your Energizer Energy 500 Security questions about changing your PIN on your Energizer Energy 500. You may want to change the PIN code on your Energizer Energy 500 for several reasons. Security is often the point raised when one wants to change the PIN code of a device. We will see here how to change its PIN code on Energizer Energy 500, we will then see how to disable the PIN code on your Energizer Energy 500 and finally we will conclude on security issues related to PIN code. Since the PIN code is linked to the SIM card of your Energizer Energy 500, we assume in this tutorial that your SIM card has been installed in the device.. Changing the PIN code on your Energizer Energy 500 is pretty simple, you just need to know how to do it. First make sure the SIM card is in your Energizer Energy 500, then go to the ‘Settings’ menu of your smartphone, available on the home screen. Then select ‘Security’ and then ‘Set up SIM card lock’. From there, you can change the SIM code of your Energizer Energy 500. In the case of a configuration with two SIM cards on your Energizer Energy 500, you will be able to configure two different PIN codes, each one corresponding to a given SIM card.. However, this procedure requires you to know the current SIM code in order to go to the ‘Settings’ menu as described. If you do not know your SIM code, get closer to someone who knows it, as you may be blocking your phone after three attempts. We strongly advise you to contact an expert to change the PIN code of your Energizer Energy 500 in this case.. You may just want to disable the PIN of your Energizer Energy 500. To do this, simply click the ‘Lock SIM card’ option in the ‘Security’ menu and then ‘Configure SIM blocking’ as described in the previous paragraph. Once this option is unchecked, you will have disabled the PIN of your Energizer Energy 500. We do not recommend disabling the PIN code unless you are sure what you are doing. Indeed we will see in the following paragraph that a PIN code can be great for the security of your Energizer Energy 500.. The PIN code is a great protection for your Energizer Energy 500 and its SIM card. In fact, in the event of theft, loss or simply lending your mobile, it is protected against malicious people. Without the code, they will not be able to access the menus of your Energizer Energy 500 if it has been locked. We recommend to change your Energizer Energy 500 PIN code often for maximum security. Be careful not to forget it however, or you might need to activate your smartphone via your PUK code.. Need more help? Our team of experts is here to help you.. Categories Alarm Battery Black screen Blacklist Block phone number Blocking anonymous calls Broken camera Change PIN code Connection sharing Crackling or blurred mic Delete history Delete text messages Deleting contacts Disable e-mail notifications Disable Internet Enable GPS Export contacts Forgotten scheme format Hard reset Hide number Import contacts Install antivirus Keyboard sound Locate Making conference calls Music Not starting or booting up Open and remove shell OS Photos Put movie Putting Emojis Remote Removing passwords Retrieve text Ringtones Saving Screen glass Screenshots shell Silent mode Smileys Sorting and removing icons Sound Taking calls Time Transfer call TV Unlocking Unrecognized sim card Update Vibrating Video call. Privacy Policy Cookie policy Contact Legal mentions Sitemap. 
