GSM 850 / 900 / 1800 / 1900 - SIM 1 & SIM 2. HSDPA 900 / 1900 / 2100. LTE band 1(2100), 3(1800), 7(2600), 40(2300). HSPA 42.2/11.5 Mbps, LTE Cat4 150/50 Mbps. 143 x 69.9 x 8.5 mm (5.63 x 2.75 x 0.33 in). IPS LCD capacitive touchscreen, 16M colors. 5.0 inches, 68.9 cm 2 (~68.9% screen-to-body ratio). 720 x 1280 pixels, 16:9 ratio (~294 ppi density). microSD, up to 256 GB (dedicated slot). Geo-tagging, touch focus, face/smile detection, panorama, HDR. - Active noise cancellation with dedicated mic. Wi-Fi 802.11 b/g/n, Wi-Fi Direct, hotspot. SMS(threaded view), MMS, Email, Push Mail, IM. Up to 450 h (2G) / Up to 400 h (3G). Up to 33 h (2G) / Up to 19 h (3G). We can not guarantee that the information on this page is 100% correct. Gionee Marathon M5 lite - user opinions and reviews. Gionee m5 lite LTE to volte. Samsung Apple Nokia Sony LG HTC Motorola Huawei Microsoft Lenovo Xiaomi Google Acer Asus Oppo OnePlus Meizu BlackBerry Alcatel ZTE Toshiba Vodafone Energizer XOLO Lava Micromax BLU Gionee vivo LeEco Panasonic HP YU verykool Maxwest Plum. Xiaomi Redmi 4A Xiaomi Redmi Note 4 Gionee X1s Gionee A1 Lite Huawei Honor 9 Lite Samsung Galaxy J2 Pro (2016). Gionee A1 Gionee S11S Gionee M7 Power Gionee Marathon M5 Gionee S6s Gionee S11. 
Home Shop MWC News Reviews Features Opinions Videos The Gadgets 360 Show Cell Guru Prime Tech Smartphone Reviews Tech and Gadget Reviews How-To Videos Video Game Reviews and Features Top Lists by Gadgets 360 Unboxing and Hands-On Videos Podcasts Compare Mobiles Phone Finder DEALS. Mobiles Tablets Apps Gaming Cameras PC/Laptops AUDIO/VIDEO How To Telecom Science INDIA INTERNET SOCIAL MEDIA WEARABLES हिंदी. Acer Adcom Alcatel Apple Archos Asus BlackBerry Blu Celkon Coolpad Datawind Fly Gionee HTC Huawei iBall iBerry Idea InFocus Intex iVoomi Jivi Karbonn Lava LeEco Lenovo LG Lyf Maxx Mobile Meizu Micromax Microsoft Motorola MTS Nokia Obi Oppo Panasonic Philips Ringing Bells Samsung Sony Spice Swipe Videocon Vivo Wickedleak Xiaomi Xolo Yu Zen Ziox Zopo ZTE. Home Mobiles Phone Finder Gionee Marathon M5 Lite. SPECIFICATIONS USER REVIEWS NEWS. Share on Facebook Tweet Share Share Email Reddit. Gionee Marathon M5 Lite smartphone was launched in December 2015. The phone comes with a 5.00-inch touchscreen display with a resolution of 720 pixels by 1280 pixels at a PPI of 293 pixels per inch. Gionee Marathon M5 Lite price in India starts from Rs. The Gionee Marathon M5 Lite is powered by 1.3GHz quad-core MediaTek MT6735 processor and it comes with 3GB of RAM. The phone packs 32GB of internal storage that can be expanded up to 128GB via a microSD card. As far as the cameras are concerned, the Gionee Marathon M5 Lite packs a 8-megapixel primary camera on the rear and a 5-megapixel front shooter for selfies. The Gionee Marathon M5 Lite runs Android 5.1 and is powered by a 4000mAh non removable battery. It measures 143.00 x 69.90 x 8.50 (height x width x thickness) and weigh 182.00 grams. The Gionee Marathon M5 Lite is a dual SIM (GSM and GSM) smartphone that accepts Micro-SIM and Micro-SIM. Connectivity options include Wi-Fi, GPS, Bluetooth, USB OTG, FM, 3G and 4G (with support for Band 40 used by some LTE networks in India). Sensors on the phone include Compass Magnetometer, Proximity sensor, Accelerometer and Ambient light sensor.. REVIEW KEY SPECS NEWS Price in india. Design Display Software Performance Battery Life Camera Value for Money. Good Looks good Good battery life Sturdy build Bad Average camera A bit heavy No notification LED or backlit buttons Not great value for money. Read detailed Gionee Marathon M5 Lite review. Gionee Marathon M5 Lite With 3GB RAM, 4000mAh Battery Launched at Rs. Gionee Marathon M5 Lite With 4000mAh Battery Reportedly Launched at Rs. More Gionee mobiles Gionee mobiles price in India. Gionee Marathon M5 Lite Price in India Marathon M5 Lite (Gold, 32GB, 3GB RAM) Rs. 10,499 Marathon M5 Lite (Gold, 32GB) Rs. 10,800 Marathon M5 Lite (Blue Grey, 32GB) Rs. Gionee Marathon M5 Lite detailed specifications. Release date December 2015 Form factor Touchscreen Dimensions (mm) 143.00 x 69.90 x 8.50 Weight (g) 182.00 Battery capacity (mAh) 4000 Removable battery No Colours Gold SAR value 0.37. Screen size (inches) 5.00 Touchscreen Yes Resolution 720x1280 pixels Pixels per inch (PPI) 293. Processor 1.3GHz quad-core Processor make MediaTek MT6735 RAM 3GB Internal storage 32GB Expandable storage Yes Expandable storage type microSD Expandable storage up to (GB) 128. Rear camera 8-megapixel Rear Flash LED Front camera 5-megapixel. Operating System Android 5.1 Skin Amigo UI 3.1. Wi-Fi Yes Wi-Fi standards supported 802.11 b/g/n GPS Yes Bluetooth Yes, v 4.00 NFC No Infrared No USB OTG Yes Headphones 3.5mm FM Yes Number of SIMs 2 SIM 1 SIM Type Micro-SIM GSM/CDMA GSM 3G Yes 4G/ LTE Yes Supports 4G in India (Band 40) Yes SIM 2 SIM Type Micro-SIM GSM/CDMA GSM 3G Yes 4G/ LTE Yes Supports 4G in India (Band 40) Yes. Compass/ Magnetometer Yes Proximity sensor Yes Accelerometer Yes Ambient light sensor Yes Gyroscope No Barometer No Temperature sensor No. Error or missing information? Please let us know. User ratings and reviews for Gionee Marathon M5 Lite. 3.8 Out of 5. 5 Star 2 4 Star 1 3 Star 2 Star 1 Star 1. Displaying review(s) 1- 4 of 4 Sort by: Most Helpful Most Recent. By Nimish Verma | 3 May 2016. This phone is much better than other phone because internal memory is so good and camera, battery is all better and best than any other phone, downloading is also good but Internet or surfing is average and ok but not so good. This is better mobile under 12500.. Was this review helpful? Yes No. 6 out of 6 people found this review helpful. This is the very same phone which me and my brother use.. By Blesson Sebastian | 28 Mar 2017. Wonderful phone with high durability even though dropped on ground. Doesn't hang even if the memory is full. Good camera clarity compared to the other 8mp cameras.Will not heat up easily. Long time battery backup with an extreme mode where it can be used for hours even when the battery is below 15 percent.It is really a phone that give you the value for money.. Was this review helpful? Yes No. Gionee m5 lite ( user friendly ). By hareesh kumar | 3 Mar 2017. This is better then all other (company) phones .. Gionee m5 exelent battey life & so stylish &this features are user ffriendly...... Totally this is exelent phone (Gionee m5 lite ). Was this review helpful? Yes No. By Samar pal singh | 24 Feb 2017. Very worst service of gionee my screen changed at service centre .m5 lite phone touch is very bad. Was this review helpful? Yes No. Gionee Marathon M5 Lite With 3GB RAM, 4000mAh Battery Launched at Rs. Gionee Marathon M5 Lite With 4000mAh Battery Reportedly Launched at Rs. Gionee S10 Lite Gionee S11 Lite Gionee M7 Mini Gionee F205 Gionee F6 Gionee M7 Plus Gionee S11 Gionee S11S Gionee M7 Power Gionee M7 Gionee X1s Gionee X1 Gionee A1 Lite Gionee S10C Gionee S10B Gionee S10 Gionee M6S Plus Gionee A1 Gionee A1 Plus Gionee F5 Gionee Steel 2 Gionee M2017 Gionee P7 Gionee S9 Gionee P7 Max Gionee S6s Gionee M6 Plus Gionee M6 Gionee F103 Pro Gionee S6 Pro. Gionee Marathon M5 Lite vs. Xiaomi Mi 4 Gionee F103 Pro vs. Lenovo Vibe K4 Note vs. Gionee Marathon M5 Lite vs. Coolpad Note 3 Yu Yureka S vs. Gionee Marathon M5 Lite Gionee Marathon M5 Lite vs. Motorola Moto G Gen 2 Gionee Marathon M5 Lite vs. Panasonic Eluga I2 Gionee Marathon M5 Lite vs. Xiaomi Redmi Note 3 vs. Yu Yureka Gionee Marathon M5 Lite vs. Vivo V1 Samsung Galaxy J7 Prime vs. Gionee Marathon M5 Lite Lenovo Vibe K5 vs. Gionee Marathon M5 Lite vs. Micromax Canvas 5 Oppo F1s vs. Nokia 7 Plus Is an Android One Phone With Dual Rear Cameras, Zeiss Optics Samsung Galaxy S9, Galaxy S9+ Pre-Orders Now Open in India Nokia 7 Plus vs Nokia 7 Samsung Galaxy S9, Galaxy S9+ With Improved Cameras, AR Emoji Launched Mi MIX 2S With Snapdragon 845 Confirmed by Xiaomi; Launching on March 27 OnePlus 5, OnePlus 5T HD Content Streaming Issue Fixed, With a Catch Nokia 8110 4G Is a 'Slider' Feature Phone With Google, Facebook Apps Vodafone to Offer 4.5GB Data Per Day for 28 Days at Rs. 799: Report Vivo Unveils Concept Phone With Half-Screen Fingerprint Scanning at MWC Canon EOS 1500D, EOS 3000D Entry-Level DSLRs Launched in India. Samsung phones price list Lyf phones price list Micromax phones price list Sony phones price list Htc phones price list Lenovo phones price list Intex phones price list Lava phones price list Apple phones price list Nokia phones price list Xolo phones price list Lg phones price list Vivo phones price list Oppo phones price list Gionee phones price list Motorola phones price list Blackberry phones price list Xiaomi phones price list. Sitemaps Archives Advertise About Us Feedback Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions Complaint Redressal Careers Contact Us RSS Ethics Gionee Marathon M5 Lite in Hindi. © Copyright Red Pixels Ventures Limited 2018. Subject Comments. 
Gionee Marathon M5 lite - user opinions and reviews. Pages: 1 2 3 … 26 27 ». Anonymous, 15 Feb 2018 Immediately volte update Gionee 5lite volti. SG, 10 Nov 2017 Pls convert volte in gilbert my light Immediately volte update. Tushar, 04 Feb 2018 When Gionee M5_lite update will come? It's not VOLTEE support.. Whether any update will come ... more Gionee m5 lite LTE to volte. Tushar, 04 Feb 2018 When Gionee M5_lite update will come? It's not VOLTEE support.. Whether any update will come ... more M5-LITE phone is highest price.But version is very very .............Old (5.1). Now many more phone coming with normal price.but version is very very....High (9.1something) with Volte. When Gionee M5_lite update will come? It's not VOLTEE support.. Whether any update will come in this regard?. Volte, 17 Jan 2018 Volte M5 volte. prashant mahale, 15 Jan 2018 Please volte updated in my mobile in gionee m5 lite. Please volte updated in my mobile in gionee m5 lite.. Angad shivajirao bho, 26 Oct 2017 Gionee m5 converted to volte Volte not suport my mobail. Sanjay, 12 Nov 2017 How to convert gionee me lite to volte ? How to convert volte. When gionee m5 lite update is coming ?. Sanjay, 12 Nov 2017 How to convert gionee me lite to volte ? Gionee m5 lite. Plz update Gionee m5 lite volte. How to convert gionee me lite to volte ?. Angad shivajirao bho, 26 Oct 2017 Gionee m5 converted to volte Pls convert volte in gilbert my light. prasenjit, 06 Oct 2017 Plz update gionee m5 lite LTE to VOLTE Yes. siva, 26 Aug 2016 please don't buy this mobile,i have full problem from starting on wards.this is the worst phon... Volte, 24 Oct 2017 Volte Gionee m5 converted to volte. SURESH, 27 Aug 2017 Gionee Marathon M5 Lite is good phone... more My phion Gionee ,m5 lite is good but not volte support so please volte support. Pages: 1 2 3 … 26 27 ». Total of 524 user reviews and opinions for Gionee Marathon M5 lite .. Samsung Apple Nokia Sony LG HTC Motorola Huawei Microsoft Lenovo Xiaomi Google Acer Asus Oppo OnePlus Meizu BlackBerry Alcatel ZTE Toshiba Vodafone Energizer XOLO Lava Micromax BLU Gionee vivo LeEco Panasonic HP YU verykool Maxwest Plum. Xiaomi Redmi 4A Xiaomi Redmi Note 4 Gionee X1s Gionee A1 Lite Huawei Honor 9 Lite Samsung Galaxy J2 Pro (2016). Gionee A1 Gionee S11S Gionee M7 Power Gionee Marathon M5 Gionee S6s Gionee S11. 
Select the department you want to search in. Sign in Your Orders Try Prime Your Lists Cart. Your Amazon.in Today's Deals Amazon Pay Sell Customer Service. Electronics Best Sellers Amazon Exclusives Mobiles & Accessories Computers & Accessories Televisions & Home Entertainment Audio Cameras & Accessories Musical Instruments Office & Stationery Buying Guides. OnsiteGo 1 Year Extended warranty for Mobiles (Rs. from Onsite Electro Services Private Limited. The 1 Year OnsiteGo Extended Warranty plan covers all mechanical and electronic defects that are covered under the standard manufacturer's warranty. The plan is applicable for all mobiles between Rs. We cover all cities across India, and all brands excluding Spice and Swipe. You can purchase the plan at the time of buying the device or within 6 months from the purchase date. You need to activate the plan within 30 days of the plan purchase. You can activate the plan by following some simple steps in the mail that will be sent to you. 14 or 21 days repair or replacement guarantee, depending on the mobile brand. A 'No Questions Asked' policy for servicing claims and cashless repairs at brand authorized service centers only. Available in Bangalore, Mumbai, Chennai, Hyderabad. No Cost EMI available if you checkout only with this item.. Pay for your order in equal monthly installments (EMI), using any one of the cards in the table below.. Your bank will convert the payment into EMI in 3-4 working days.. To make this a No Cost EMI offer, the interest amount will be discounted from the price of your order. Your card will be charged for the item price minus the discounted interest. The total amount you will pay to the bank including interest, will be equal to the price of the item, making this No Cost EMI.. The bank may charge taxes on the interest amount at its sole discretion.. About *NoCost: The bank will continue to charge interest on EMI as per existing rates. However, the interest to be charged by the bank will be passed on to you as an upfront discount. Total Cost shown above does not include shipping charges.. EMI providers may charge you pre-closure or other charges when you cancel/return an EMI order.. Click here to read EMI FAQs.. Sold and fulfilled by KUMAON DIGITAL (3.0 out of 5 | 2 ratings).. 8MP primary camera with geotagging, panorama, HDR, take anytime, professional, magic focus, face beauty, FHD video recording and 5MP front facing camera. 12.7 centimeters (5-inch) HD IPS Dragontrail Glass capacitive touchscreen with 720 x 1280 pixels resolution and 294 ppi pixel density. Android v5.1 Lollipop operating system with 1.3GHz Mediatek MT6735 Cortex-A53 quad core processor, 3GB RAM, 32GB internal memory expandable up to 128GB and Dual SIM (GSM + LTE). 4000mAH lithium-polymer battery providing talk-time of 32.7 hours on 2G, 19 hours on 3G networks and standby time of 450 hours on 2G, 400 hours on 3G, 360 hours on 4G networks. 1 year manufacturer warranty for device and 6 months manufacturer warranty for in-box accessories including batteries from the date of purchase. The order quantity for this product is limited to 1 unit per customer. Please note that orders which exceed the quantity limit will be auto-canceled. Easily Accessible Service Centers across Major Cities in India. >Click here to see the list. These items are dispatched from and sold by different sellers. This item: Gionee Marathon M5 Lite (Gold). Ships from and sold by KUMAON DIGITAL.. RKMOBILES Gionee Marathon M5 Lite Premium Tempered Glass, 9H Hardness Ultra Clear, Anti-Scratch…. Ships from and sold by PAL&COMPANY.. Jkobi® Matte+ Ultra Protection Rubberised Soft Back Case Cover For Motorola Moto E4 Plus -Black. Sold by Stylabs and ships from Amazon Fulfillment.. Find answers in product info, Q&As, reviews. Please make sure that you've entered a valid question. You can edit your question or post anyway.. Don't see what you're looking for?. There was a problem completing your request. Please try your search again later.. This shopping feature will continue to load items. In order to navigate out of this carousel please use your heading shortcut key to navigate to the next or previous heading.. Customers who bought this item also bought. Page 1 of 1 Start over Page 1 of 1. RKMOBILES Gionee Marathon M5 Lite Premium Tempered Glass, 9H Hardness Ultra Clear, Anti-Scratch, Bubble Free, Anti-Fingerprints & Oil Stains Coating. Jkobi® 360* Protection Premium Dotted Designed Soft Rubberised Back Case Cover For Gionee Marathon M5 Lite -Black. TREECASE Designer Printed Hard Matte Back Case Cover For Gionee Marathon M5 lite. Acm Tempered Glass Screenguard For Gionee Marathon M5 Lite Mobile Screen Guard. Description for Gionee Marathon M5 Lite (Gold). Potential meets Dynamism Stunning Exterior and Visuals Reliable and Resourceful. Create your own collection of beautiful images, selfies and group shots with the the 8 MP primary and the 5 MP front camera of Gionee Marathon M5 Lite Smartphone. To offer you a range of options, the rear camera features geo-tagging, HDR, magic focus, face beauty, FHD videos, anytime click, LED flash and panorama. Further, Gionee M5 Lite with its large 32 GB storage space (expandable upto 128 GB) ensures that you do not miss out on any of these precious moments.. Gionee Marathon Smartphone comes capacitated with 1.3 GHz Mediatek MT6735 Cortex-A53 Quad Core processor and 3 GB RAM to give you seamless multitasking experience. The Android v5.1 Lollipop operating system brings on your palm amazing features, one being the improved Notification System. You can enjoy continuity by passing on your apps, files and last searches among several Android devices. The touchscreen is more sensitive to your fingertips. You can open mails, your inbox and fresh mail notifications, all together on the screen. You can also customize settings and filter notifications so that only the important ones win your attention. A direct revert from locked screen is possible as well with this Android Lollipop.. Gionee Marathon M5 is gold in colour, has a fine metallic finish and is impressively sleek. With a touch, you turn the intuitive 5 inches wide screen on and discover the magic of its brilliant HD IPS Dragontrail Glass picture quality. The 720x1280 pixels-resolution and 294 ppi density give you clear details and sharpness on this display.. The sound performance of this dual GSM SIM M5 Smartphone is backed up by its 4000 mAh lithium battery that allows 32.7 hours talk-time on 2G, 19 hours on 3G, 450 hours standby on 2G, 400 hours on 3G and 360 hours on 4G LTE. Moreover, Gionee Marathon can charge other phones with its OTG Reverse Charge Technology while both the phones are operated simultaneously. M5 Lite features Proximity Sensor that prevents phone disconnections by detecting human ear and disabling touchscreen. G-Sensor allows screen orientation changes by simply rotating the Smartphone. Motion Sensor is another great feature to give enhanced gaming experience by enabling different motions on the device. You also get your phone light auto-adjusted with Gionee M5 Light Sensor feature that conserves power at the same time.. With a mammoth 4000mAh battery that outlasts your phone usage, the Marathon M5 Lite lets you do much more than any other phone. It means you can now enjoy video streaming, music, games and many other things without worrying about running out of charge. Now, that’s definitely one stress less!. That’s not all! The Marathon M5 Lite has so much power that you can share battery power with friends through the OTG reverse charge technology and still use your phone comfortably without any hassles. So, share the power and share the love because there’s some for everyone.. The Marathon M5 Lite comes in a full metal unibody that is strong and durable with an elegant mirror design to enhance the slim and sleek feel of the phone.. The Marathon M5 Lite’s high quality 12.7 centimetres (5 inch) HD IPS dragontrail display has a crystal clear display that provides an immersive & real experience. Enjoy the clarity, enjoy the experience.. Marathon M5 Lite’s 8MP rear camera comes with an LED flash and several other interesting features. Enjoy a rich experience with features like HDR, panorama, professional, magic focus and others. The front 5MP camera is great for selfies especially when you team it with the face beauty mode!. Loaded with a 1.3GHz Quad core processor and 3GB RAM, the Marathon M5 Lite delivers optimum performance at great speed and with the least effort. The 32GB ROM that is expandable up to 128 GB allows a virtually limitless storage for all the backup.. The Marathon M5 Lite comes with dual sim compatibility and 4G connectivity that’s compatible with both GSM and CDMA. So now you can do more things, do them faster and do them with ease.. Get the best smartphone experience with android lollipop which is made even better and more fun with Gionee’s Amigo UI which lets you customize your experience as per your preference.. Gionee Marathon M5 Lite Mobile Phone Information. Product Dimensions 56.3 x 3.5 x 27.6 cm. Item model number Marathon M5 Lite. Wireless communication technologies Bluetooth, WiFi Hotspot. Connectivity technologies GSM, (850/900/1800/1900 MHz), 3G, HSPA, (850/900/1900/2100 MHz), 4G LTE, TDD(B40), FDD, (B1/B3/B7), GPRS, EDGE, WiFi 802.11 b/g/n. Special features Dual SIM,GPS,Music Player,Video Player,FM Radio,Proximity sensor,G sensor,eCompass,Motion sensor,Light sensor,E-mail. Other camera features 8MP primary camera and 5MP front facing camera. Phone Talk Time 19 Hours. Phone Standby Time (with data) 360 Hours. Whats in the box Handset, Battery, Transceiver, Earphone, Travel Charger (1A), Data Cable, User Manual, Warranty Card, Protective Film and Transparent Cover. #22,242 in Electronics ( See top 100 ). Electronics > Mobiles & Tablets > Smartphones & Basic Mobiles > Smartphones. Date First Available 1 January 2017. Warranty Details: 1 year manufacturer warranty for device and 6 months manufacturer warranty for in-box accessories including batteries from the date of purchase. Would you like to tell us about a lower price ? If you are a seller for this product, would you like to suggest updates through seller support ?. What other items do customers buy after viewing this item?. 5 star 35% 4 star 18% 3 star 15% 2 star 6% 1 star 26%. Share your thoughts with other customers. There was a problem filtering reviews right now. 2.0 out of 5 stars Heats up easily with no fuss!!. I bought this phone recently and I could easily notices this phone is not designed to address thermal/heating issues because u got some high power chip-set and all plastic mid frame inside no graphite sheet to absorb and spread out heat, Look and feel of the outer casing is sub standard even with the gold color finish. Overall below average phone with all the things in the world, most importantly this is not the phone you gift to your wife... Was this review helpful to you?. 1.0 out of 5 stars Guys beware of this Model and Brand, after 10 .... Guys beware of this Model and Brand, after 10 months of Usage the battery started Bulging and I am worried it might explode, but service centre denied on the replacement I had even complained to their country support team but as usual no proper response, buying this product is on your own risk, This is for Public awareness.. Was this review helpful to you?. 1.0 out of 5 stars Worst Experiance of Gionee Mobile. This was the worst mobile i ever had... i worked a couple of month properly. after that it has been a big headache for me.. have given many times to service centre,they resolve but the same issue occurs everytime... i purchased this in feb'17 only.... Was this review helpful to you?. 5.0 out of 5 stars Five Stars. Very nice phone and the battery is really long. Was this review helpful to you?. 2.0 out of 5 stars Give refund information. I bought gionee m5 lite but I don't like display resolution I have return this product. Was this review helpful to you?. 1.0 out of 5 stars very bad, doesn't have volte and battery backup is poor .... No, very bad, doesn't have volte and battery backup is poor and phone is heavy and it is not worth buying it for the cost I purchased and more over the item is not refundable once it is purchased. 0 Comment | Was this review helpful to you?. 1.0 out of 5 stars Defective cell provided. Kindly change my defective cell provided by your service.. Was this review helpful to you?. 4.0 out of 5 stars Four Stars. Was this review helpful to you?. 1.0 out of 5 stars One Star. Product is second hand or already used. 1.0 out of 5 stars One Star. 5.0 out of 5 stars Five Stars. It's a good phone, I am using last 22 month, only heating issue is there rest of good. 3.0 out of 5 stars Good budget phone. product is good but main problem is network. network is not coming good compare to other oppo vivo and mi phones. 3.0 out of 5 stars product is good but main problem is network. Poor camera quality, poor voice on call, poor network connections.... 1.0 out of 5 stars Worst. Worst phone I had ever...6 months me vibration kharab..Calling problem..App problem...Charging issue.... 1.0 out of 5 stars Worst phone ever. Best phone for professional people Great battry backup Nyc phone I gifted it to my father😊. 5.0 out of 5 stars Great phone. good Product and services but have a heavy weight in product. 4.0 out of 5 stars Four Stars. 5.0 out of 5 stars Five Stars. See and discover other items: redmi note , 3g phone , 3g phones , 3gb ram phone , 3gb ram mobile , 3gb ram phones. Unlimited FREE fast delivery, video streaming & more. Prime members enjoy FREE One-Day and Two-Day delivery on eligible items, unlimited video streaming, exclusive access to top deals & more.. About Us Careers Press Releases Amazon Cares Gift a Smile Facebook Twitter Instagram Sell on Amazon Become an Affiliate Fulfilment by Amazon Advertise Your Products Amazon Pay on Merchants Your Account Returns Centre 100% Purchase Protection Amazon Assistant Help. Australia Brazil Canada China France Germany Italy Japan Mexico Netherlands Spain United Kingdom United States. AbeBooks Books, art & collectibles. Amazon Web Services Scalable Cloud Computing Services. Audible Download Audio Books. DPReview Digital Photography. IMDb Movies, TV & Celebrities. Junglee.com Shop Online in India. Look.com Kids' Clothing & Shoes. Shopbop Designer Fashion Brands. Amazon Business Everything For Your Business. Souq.com Shop Online in the Middle East. Amazon Now 2-Hour Delivery on Everyday Items. Conditions of Use & Sale Privacy Notice Interest-Based Ads © 1996-2018, Amazon.com, Inc. 
ENGLISH  MENU. You can manage your notification subscription by clicking on the icon. You are Blocked.Please unblock to get news alerts. Click Here to know more.. Also available in: हिन्दी ಕನ್ನಡ മലയാളം தமிழ் తెలుగు বাংলা ગુજરાતી. News Mobile Telecom Wearables Home-Entertainment Apps Laptop Camera Tablet Gaming. Reviews Mobiles Wearables Home-Entertainment Apps Laptops/PC Tablets. How-To Tips and Tricks Mobile Feature Wearable Feature Home-Entertainment Feature Social Media Feature Apps Feature. Gallery Mobiles Concepts Laptops Reviews Wearables Tablets. Videos Reviews How-to First Impression Unboxing Interviews Features. New Devices Search Mobiles Search Laptops Recent Launches Upcoming Mobiles Compare Mobiles Top 10 Mobiles. Key Specs Price Overview Complete Specs Competitors Videos News. Facebook Twitter Google Plus. Market Status: Available in India | Launch Date in India: January 2016 |. (3/5) 148 ratings Rate now. 8MP Primary Camera, 5 MP Front Camera. 5.0 inches 720 x 1280 Pixels. Gionee Marathon M5 Lite (Gold, 32 GB)(3 GB RAM) 8,490 Go to Store Gionee Marathon M5 Lite (Gold) 8,999 Go to Store. Gionee Marathon M5 Lite comes with a 5.0 inches Capacitive Touchscreen. display with a screen resolution of 720 x 1280 Pixels. The smartphone makes use of an Quad Core 1.3 GHz Cortex-A53, Mediatek MT6735 that is coupled with Mali-T720MP2 GPU,. RAM and 32 GB, 3 GB RAM default memory capacity. This storage can be expanded up to another up to 128 GB. with the help of a microSD Card.. For imaging, the Gionee Marathon M5 Lite sports a 8.0 MegaPixels Camera with 1080p@30fps, Geo Tagging.. Up front, the smartphone from Gionee makes use of a 5.0 Megapixels Secondary Camera selfie camera.. The connectivity aspects on board the Gionee Marathon M5 Lite includes Wi-Fi 802.11 b/g/n, Wi-Fi Direct, hotspot, Yes, v4.0 with A2DP, Yes, microUSB 2.0, Yes, with GPS.. The Gionee Marathon M5 Lite gets the power from a Non-removable Li-Po 4000 mAh battery.. The Gionee Marathon M5 Lite runs Android OS, v5.1 Lollipop.. The smartphone is priced at Rs. Flipkart, Amazon and leading offline stores.. GENERAL Operating System Android OS, v5.1 Lollipop Device type Smart Phone ANNOUNCED Status Available in India Global Release Date January 2016 Indian Release Date January 2016 BODY Dimensions 143 x 69.9 x 8.5 mm Weight 183 g DISPLAY Screen size 5.0 inches Form Factor Touch Screen resolution 720 x 1280 Pixels Touchscreen Capacitive Touchscreen Technology (Display Type) IPS LCD PROCESSOR CPU Quad Core 1.3 GHz Cortex-A53 GPU Mali-T720MP2 Chipset Mediatek MT6735 STORAGE Internal Storage 32 GB, 3 GB RAM External Storage up to 128 GB Card Slot microSD Card Phonebook Unlimited Messaging Yes Call Records Unlimited CAMERA Primary camera 8.0 MegaPixels Camera Front Camera 5.0 Megapixels Secondary Camera Video Recording 1080p@30fps Camera Features Geo Tagging MULTIMEDIA Audio Player MP3, AVI Video Player MP4, H.264, H.263, 3GP Games Yes FM Radio Yes Speakers Yes Audio Jack 3.5mm Audio Jack BATTERY Type Non-removable Li-Po 4000 mAh battery Stand by Up to 450 hrs Talk time Up to 33 hrs CONNECTIVITY GPRS Yes Edge Yes WLAN Wi-Fi 802.11 b/g/n, Wi-Fi Direct, hotspot Bluetooth Yes, v4.0 with A2DP Infrared Port NA USB Yes, microUSB 2.0 GPS Facility Yes, with GPS Browser Yes, HTML5 3G Speed HSPA 42.2/11.5 Mbps, LTE Cat4 150/50 Mbps NETWORK SUPPORT 3G UMTS 900 / 2100 MHz 2G GSM 850 / 900 / 1800 / 1900 MHz (Dual Sim) 4G LTE. 3 GB 13MP. 3 GB 13MP. 3 GB 13MP. Samsung Galaxy On Nxt (16GB - 3GB RAM). 3 GB 13MP. &lt;div id=&quot;vt-video-player&quot;&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;script type=&quot;text/javascript&quot;&gt;window.__ventunoplayer = window.__ventunoplayer||[];window.__ventunoplayer.push({video_key: &quot;ODgxNDE2fHwxMDA2fHwwfHx8fHx8&quot;, title: &quot;OnePlus 5 vs Honor 8 Pro vs Nubia M2 Which has the best dual-camera setup ! - GIZBOT&quot;, show_title: &quot;true&quot;, holder_id: &quot;vt-video-player&quot;, player_type: &quot;vp&quot;, width:&quot;100%&quot; , ratio:&quot;4:3&quot;});&lt;/script&gt;&lt;script type=&quot;text/javascript&quot;&gt;var vtn_ply_script = document.createElement(&quot;script&quot;);vtn_ply_script.type = &quot;text/javascript&quot;;vtn_ply_script.async = true;vtn_ply_script.src = &quot;https://pl.ventunotech.com/plugins/cntplayer/ventunoSmartPlayer.js&quot;;var vtn_add_script = document.getElementsByTagName(&quot;head&quot;)[0];vtn_add_script.appendChild(vtn_ply_script);&lt;/script&gt;. Gionee P7 Unboxing & First Impressions. Latest Gionee Marathon M5 Lite NEWS. Gionee introduces Power Packed Marathon M5 Lite at Rs 12,999 January 14, 2016. Gionee announced the launch of its latest entrant in the Marathon portfolio of devices - The Gionee Marathon M5 Lite. Flipkart launches universal Windows app for all Windows 10 devices Gionee Marathon M5 Lite has a 12.7 cm (5.0) HD. Gionee Marathon M5 Lite with Metal Body, 4000mAH battery launched in India at Rs 12,999 January 11, 2016. Gionee has now launched the Marathon M5 Lite, the company's latest addition to the Marathon series of smartphone in India. As expected the USP of the all new Marathon series smartphone lies in the large 4000mAh battery which promises up to. Gionee Marathon M5 lite spotted on Zauba, launch imminent soon December 22, 2015. Gionee Marathon M5 Lite, was made official in China more than a week ago. The device could soon launch in India. It has been listed on Zauba, a website that keeps track of India's import and export. Upcoming Upcoming Upcoming Upcoming Upcoming. About Us | Terms of Service | Privacy Policy | RSS | Contact Us | Site Feedback | Sitemap. © Greynium Information Technologies Pvt. Stay updated with latest technology news & gadget reviews - Gizbot. You have already selected 4 products. 
Home >> Phones >> Gionee >>Marathon M5 Lite. Place : Chennai Delhi Kolkata Mumbai. Gionee M5 Lite is a Smart Phone Powered by Android 5.1 Lollipop and 8 MP Auto Focus Camera.. - 1.3 GHz Quad-Core MediaTek MT6735 64-Bit Processor. - 3GB RAM With 32GB ROM. - 5 Inch HD IPS LCD Touch Screen Display With 294 PPI. - 8 MP Rear Camera With LED Flash. - 5 MP Front Camera. Disclaimer: We cannot guarantee that the info on this page is 100% correct. Please contact us support@fonearena.com incase you find a mistake. Gionee Marathon M5 Lite User Reviews and Opinions. Post you reviews and thoughts about this phone below. Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Please dont abuse anyone and please make sure your comments are decent and don't use bad language.. All Rights Reserved.Text, images and all other content on this site may not be copied or republished in any way without formal permission.Phone Images are a property of the respective Manufacturer and may not be tampered with in any way. 
Home Shop MWC News Reviews Features Opinions Videos The Gadgets 360 Show Cell Guru Prime Tech Smartphone Reviews Tech and Gadget Reviews How-To Videos Video Game Reviews and Features Top Lists by Gadgets 360 Unboxing and Hands-On Videos Podcasts Compare Mobiles Phone Finder DEALS. Mobiles Tablets Apps Gaming Cameras PC/Laptops AUDIO/VIDEO How To Telecom Science INDIA INTERNET SOCIAL MEDIA WEARABLES हिंदी. Home Mobiles Mobiles Reviews. 3.5 out of 5 stars. Roydon Cerejo , 29 January 2016. Share on Facebook Tweet Share Share Email Reddit Comment. (Tap to see full-sized images) (Tap to see full-sized image) Gionee Marathon M5 Lite in pictures. Gionee's mission in the budget smartphone segment has been all about delivering the best battery life possible. Its Marathon series really took off after the company launched the Marathon M4 ( Review | Pictures ) and more recently, the Marathon M5 ( Review | Pictures ).. Following up on the success of the latter, we now have the Marathon M5 Lite , which was launched last month. The specifications and features of the newer phone bear a striking resemblance to those of the older M4, only with a newer version of Android and slightly beefed up internals. Although the M4 is still being sold for around the same amount as the M5 Lite, it could replace the older model going ahead.. So which one should you pick right now? Is newer always better? Let's find out.. Look and feel The Marathon M5 Lite definitely scores more points when it comes to aesthetics. It's slimmer with a more premium look thanks to the new colour and the chrome accents running along its edges. It's slightly heavier though and that heft is noticeable when it's in your pocket.. The display is a crisp 5-inch HD IPS panel, and it uses Dragontrail glass for added strength. The pixel density of the display is nearly 300ppi, so images and text are fairly sharp with no visible colour banding or pixelated icons. Brightness levels and viewing angles are good and so is sunlight legibility. We're disappointed that Gionee has once again skimped on a notification LED and backlighting for the capacitive buttons.. The power and volume buttons are ergonomically placed on the right side which makes it easy for single handed use. The sides don't offer as much grip as the rear cover, so you'll find it a bit slippery if you just hold the sides. The rear cover is removable but the battery isn't. Here, we have the two Micro-SIM slots that support 4G, along with a microSD card slot that you can use to add up to 128GB of storage.. In the box, you get a charger, USB cable, screen guard, case, and some instruction manuals. The accessories look and feel quite cheap and aren't of the same calibre as the ones that come with the Marathon M4 and M5. The phone doesn't support any form of fast charging and the bundled charger is a standard 5W unit, which isn't ideal for such topping up such a large battery.. Specifications and software Gionee has used the same internals as the Marathon M5, which consist of a quad-core MediaTek MT6735 SoC, 3GB of RAM, and 32GB of onboard storage. This is good considering the price difference between the two phones. Other features are similar as well, including Wi-Fi b/g/n, Bluetooth 4.0, USB OTG, FM radio, Miracast and GPS. There's a slightly smaller 4000mAh battery, though it still promises multiple days' worth of usage.. The Marathon M5 Lite uses Android 5.1 Lollipop with Gionee's Amigo 3.1 skin running on top. The experience is very similar to that of any other Gionee phone and since we've covered all the features in great detail in past reviews, we'll only skim through them here.. The stock launcher is a single-layered interface with options to customise the transition effects of icons on the home screen. We wished there was a quick way to change the wallpaper from the home screen instead of having to go into the settings. Quick settings and toggles are all in the Control Centre, which can be accessed by swiping up from the bottom, while the drop down shade is reserved for notifications. The Settings app also has Smart Gestures feature, which enables touchless controls for media and Web browsing by waving your palm over the phone.. Most of the pre-installed apps can be removed, except for some like Chameleon, which lets you change the theme by picking complementary colours from anything you capture with the camera; GStore, an app store for games; Theme Park, which lets you browse through multiple themes; and Mood Card, for picture message templates that can be edited with a personalised message and shared. Apps that can be uninstalled include WPS Office, TouchPal 2015, DU speed Booster, Gionee Xender, UC Browser, and some trial games.. Performance Considering the specifications of this phone, it's no surprise that the M5 Lite handles most tasks with ease. General app performance and multitasking is smooth as you always have about 1.6GB of free RAM at your disposal. 4G also works well and the phone rarely heats up during normal usage.. 3D games such as Dead Trigger 2 and Ski Safari 2 didn't have trouble running smoothly. The phone also fared decently in benchmarks, with AnTuTu delivering a score of 33,022 and 3DMark Ice Storm giving us 5749 points.. Multimedia support is also good as the stock video player handles high bit-rate video files with ease and also comes with DTS audio enhancement. With it enabled, the rear mono speaker delivers decently loud audio for music and videos. The music app offers DTS audio as well as a customisable equaliser setting. The audio quality from the bundled headset is below average, and it doesn't have a good fit when worn.. We had a slight issue with light metering from the rear camera. Bright areas tended to burn out and the colours of close up shots were exaggerated. The pictures look passable on the phone's display but lack good detail and sharpness when you zoom in and look on a bigger screen. The camera app lets you play with multiple shooting modes, including a Pro mode. Low-light shots were pretty average as well, with the level of detail and autofocus speed dipping greatly.. Video recording maxes out at 1080p which is not so bad thanks to the software stabilisation. The rear flash does its job as long as the subject is not too far away. The front 5-megapixel camera takes decent selfies under good light.. Battery life This is of course the main highlight of the Marathon series, and although the M5 Lite delivers, it isn't as great as we had hoped it would be. In our video loop test, we managed to get 11 hours and 47 minutes of continuous video playback. With everyday usage, it was more like a day and a half of battery life. While this is good, it isn't ground-breaking like we've come to expect from the Marathon series. For instance, something like the Oppo R7 Lite ( Review | Pictures ) delivered better battery life in our video loop test with a mere 2320mAh battery.. One pain point is getting the massive battery to charge fully, which takes nearly four hours with the bundled charger.. Verdict With a street price of Rs 12,999, the Gionee Marathon M5 Lite misses the mark as it feels expensive when you consider the overall package. If battery life is what you're after in this price range, then you're better off with the older Marathon M4, since apart from the aesthetics, you'll barely notice the other changes.. We appreciate the slimmer, better-looking body and the all-day battery life of the M5 Lite, but apart from this, everything else leaves you wanting more. The quality of the bundled accessories is also pretty poor when compared to previous Marathon offerings.. Gionee might be compromising a bit too much with the Marathon series as it also recently added the M5 Mini to its range, which is also similar to the M5 Lite. Rather than milking the success of one phone by flooding the market with Marathon M5 variants, we feel the company needs to take a step back and evaluate what's really needed.. For the latest smartphone launches by Samsung, Nokia, Sony, Asus, and other MWC 2018 announcements, visit our MWC hub .. Design Display Software Performance Battery Life Camera Value for Money. Good Looks good Good battery life Sturdy build Bad Average camera A bit heavy No notification LED or backlit buttons Not great value for money. Read detailed Gionee Marathon M5 Lite review. Gionee Marathon M5 Lite With 3GB RAM, 4000mAh Battery Launched at Rs. Gionee Marathon M5 Lite With 4000mAh Battery Reportedly Launched at Rs. More Gionee mobiles Gionee mobiles price in India. Further reading: Gionee , Gionee Marathon M5 Lite , Gionee Marathon M5 Lite features , Gionee Marathon M5 Lite pictures , Gionee Marathon M5 Lite price , Gionee Marathon M5 Lite price in India , Gionee Marathon M5 Lite review , Gionee Marathon M5 Lite specifications , Marathon M5 Lite , smartphones. Roydon Cerejo Email Roydon More. An armchair fitness freak, loves everything tech. Recovering compulsive hoarder of PC components.. Nokia-Samsung Patent Verdict Expected Within Days. Microsoft Goes Underwater for a Data Center Solution. Samsung Galaxy S9 और Galaxy S9+ स्मार्टफोन लॉन्च. Nokia 1 एंड्रॉयड गो स्मार्टफोन हुआ लॉन्च. LG V30S ThinQ के साथ MWC 2018 में एलजी ने दी दस्तक. Samsung Galaxy S9, Galaxy S9+ Launched: What's New?. Why Game of Thrones Creators Writing Star Wars Might Be a Bad, Bad Idea. Design by User Feedback? The Customer Isn't Always Right. PS4 Is a Best-Seller but Here Are 4 Reasons It's Far From Perfect. Cisco Says Most Network Gear Needed for 5G Is Ready Now and Can Cut Costs Airtel Joins Global Alliance for In-Flight Data Connectivity This Is When the New Nokia Phones Will Launch in India Final Fantasy XV to Get New Episodes Until 2019 Vivo Unveils Concept Phone With Half-Screen Fingerprint Scanning at MWC Metal Gear Survive Has a Hidden Message, This Is What It Could Mean Canon EOS 1500D, EOS 3000D Entry-Level DSLRs Launched in India BSNL Partners Nokia for Rollout of 4G VoLTE Services Sony Unveils Xperia Ear Duo to Answer Apple AirPods, Samsung Gear IconX Sony Xperia XZ2, Xperia XZ2 Compact With 18:9 Displays Launched at MWC. Nokia 7 Plus Is an Android One Phone With Dual Rear Cameras, Zeiss Optics Samsung Galaxy S9, Galaxy S9+ Pre-Orders Now Open in India Nokia 7 Plus vs Nokia 7 Samsung Galaxy S9, Galaxy S9+ With Improved Cameras, AR Emoji Launched Nokia 8110 4G Is a 'Slider' Feature Phone With Google, Facebook Apps OnePlus 5, OnePlus 5T HD Content Streaming Issue Fixed, With a Catch Mi MIX 2S With Snapdragon 845 Confirmed by Xiaomi; Launching on March 27 Vodafone to Offer 4.5GB Data Per Day for 28 Days at Rs. 799: Report Vivo Unveils Concept Phone With Half-Screen Fingerprint Scanning at MWC Canon EOS 1500D, EOS 3000D Entry-Level DSLRs Launched in India. Sitemaps Archives Advertise About Us Feedback Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions Complaint Redressal Careers Contact Us RSS Ethics Gadgets Hindi. © Copyright Red Pixels Ventures Limited 2018. Fields marked with * are mandatory. 
Listed Price : 11,499. Gionee Marathon M5 Lite smartphone with 5.0 inch 720 x 1280 pixels with IPS LCD display powered by Quad-Core 1.3 GHz processor alongside 3GB RAM and 8 MP rear camera.. OS Android OS, V5.1 Lollipop (amigo 3.1). Camera 8 MP, autofocus, LED flash. Internal Memory 32 GB, 3 GB RAM. Full Specifications of Gionee Marathon M5 Lite. 2G Network Technology GSM 850 / 900 / 1800 / 1900 - SIM 1 & SIM 2. 3G Network Technology HSDPA 900 / 1900 / 2100. 4G Network Technology TDD-LTE: B40, FDD-LTE: B1/B3/B7. Sales Package Handset, Battery, Charger,User Manual. Display Technology IPS LCD capacitive touchscreen, 16M colors,Asahi Dragontrail Glass Protection. Internal Memory 32 GB, 3 GB RAM. SD Card Presence/Capacity microSD, up to 128 GB. OS Android OS, V5.1 Lollipop (amigo 3.1). Camera resolution 8 MP, autofocus, LED flash. Camera Features Geo-Tagging, Panorama, HDR, Take Anytime, Professional, Magic Focus, Face Beauty, Pic Note. Size (L by B by T) 143 x 69.9 x 8.5 mm. Battery Life - Standby 450 hr (2G)/ 400hr (3G)/ 360hr (4G). Battery Life - Talk Time 32.7hr (2G)/19hr (3G). Gionee partners Reliance Jio, Paytm to offer bundled data, cashback on select smartphones. Gionee Marathon M5 Lite with 4,000mAh battery launched in India: Price, specification and features. More on Gionee Marathon M5 Lite. Gionee Marathon M5 Lite Reviews in India. Gionee Marathon M5 Lite Features & Specs. Gionee Marathon M5 Lite Vs Lenovo K4 Note. Gionee Marathon M5 Lite Vs Samsung Galaxy J7. Gionee Marathon M5 Lite Vs Xiaomi Redmi Note 3. Gionee Marathon M5 Lite Vs Lenovo K3 Note. Own this mobile? Write a Review. Review on: Gionee Marathon M5 Lite. everything is perfect according to prices. Maitrayee Iyer on Jun 28, 2017 02:11 PM. Is your smartphone in this .... Maitrayee Iyer on Jan 12, 2016 11:13 AM. Gionee has launched its Marathon M5 Lite in India. Write a Review on Gionee Marathon M5 Lite. Sony #XperiaXZ2 , #XperiaXZ2 first impressions: Betting on 18:9 display and camera prowess, writes… twitter.com/i/web/status/9…. #HuaweiP20 , P20 Plus leaked image surfaces online ahead of March 27 launch @HuaweiMobile … buff.ly/2ETcpix. Canon #Speedlite 470EX-AI is the most intelligent flash system @CanonUSA #Speedlite #Speedlite buff.ly/2F493wl https://t.co/Zjwmc0zHIp. 
2 years ago February 8, 2016. We have seen a lot of movements in the range of smartphones sporting a large capacity battery, since last year, Gionee has alone launched many devices, such as M5 , M5 Enjoy Edition , M5 Plus , with good battery capacity. While many brands, to name a few; Lenovo , Honor , Xiaomi , Asus , has launched handsets with large battery life in the past couple of months. The Android smartphones are used by billions of people around the world; the understate battery life is still the issue. It doesn’t mean that a smartphone with good battery capacity would offer an equally great battery life.. The first handset that Gionee launched this year in January also had a large battery capacity. We are talking about the Marathon M5 Lite; it is a toned down version of an original handset, the M5. The device was launched at a price tag of Rs 12,999, making it a mid-range handset. And thus, it will compete with the likes of Asus Zenfone Max , Xiaomi Redmi Note 3. But is it a good mid-range device for the price it comes? We find out in the detailed review of the device.. The 5-inch factor is still my ideal choice of the handset when it comes to having a compact device. The Industry may have moved on to bigger sized devices, but there are consumers that would like a concise package with everything intact. And the Gionee Marathon M5 Lite is such a handset. It offers a form factor that one would like in their smartphones; sturdy build, stylish finish and a bezel-less look on the front. If these factors are impressive, it can take attraction and affection for a device to a whole new level. This Gionee device has it all, a good build quality and a shiny look, that’s what I would want on a mid-range device in terms of design aspects.. The first thing that is noticeable about this handset is the bezel-less look it gives while lying on your desk it just feels smartphones with no bezels on sides. That’s one of the reasons for its attractiveness. The top bezel houses an earpiece, alongside a set of sensors and a camera module acting as selfie camera. It has capacitive buttons, in order of recent menu, home, and back buttons. Unfortunately, they’re not backlit, so it might be little difficult to operate the phone in dark, i.e. Moving on to the rear side, it is divided into three parts; top, middle, and bottom. The top part houses a camera module along with LED Flash, while middle part only has company branding, whereas the bottom part houses a loudspeaker.. The back panel on this handset is removable, which then allows inserting two micro SIM cards and a microSD card slot. Note that battery is non-removable, unless you decided to unscrew your device, which is a bad idea, since it would void the warranty. The battery has a metal casing that should be preventing any excessive heat production. Thus, the case would be acting as a cooling agent. The removed back panel is somewhat embedded in metal as well in its plastic nature, covering specifics; two SIM slots, microSD card slot, and battery. Again, maybe the precautionary measure to ensure the heating isn’t felt while holding the phone.. Talking about the ports placements, it has an audio jack, not a gold insulation, on the top edge, while the bottom edge houses a microUSB port and a microphone. The right edge has a volume rocker keys and power button placed just below it. The left edge is kept empty. The overall design of this handset is kept clean as much as possible, which is a good thing. The full metal frame on this thing makes it a tough device that one shouldn’t, or can’t mess with. Trust me its one tough device, don’t expect it to break anytime soon, although, the display isn’t protected by tough love, which you can learn in the display section below.. The 5-inch display size might be small according to the current standards in the industry, but it isn’t out of fashion yet. The screen has a 720p resolution, which amounts for 294 PPI (Pixel Per Inch). Using IPS LCD technology, it isn’t the best resolution display in the mid-range, since many companies are now offering 1080p (Full HD) resolution displays. But if you’re not a display enthusiast, then 720p display might suffice your viewing needs. Some of us are very conscious about the pixel on their displays, and I’m one of them. And despite that the display on M5 Lite felt more than average to me. The color reproduction on this screen is real as much possible by an LCD technology. I would have loved an HD display with Super AMOLED technology, which makes colors more bright and true to real life. Nonetheless, the white balances, as well as color outputs, were pretty neat. But I do like to point out that there is hardly anything visible when the device is placed in sunlight, so that’s a no for sunlight legibility, despite full brightness levels.. Meanwhile, the display is a fingerprint magnet, meaning after couple minutes of usage; you would notice smudges on the screen, which is never a good sign when using the display under sunlight. Talking about the protection of the display, it has a Dragontrail glass shielding the display, it may not be as strong as Corning Gorilla Glass, but it sure can prevent some scratches as these days, display of a smartphone is exposed to many harsh conditions. Overall, the display is not half bad, but at the price point this handset comes, we expected more out of it.. We have been testing Gionee devices a lot since last year as the company has been pretty busy launching quite the number of handsets; the one thing that is constant in them is the interface. The Amigo OS, which was announced with the launch of Gionee’s most stylish smartphone, the Elife S7. It was the first time that company introduced a whole new level of customization on their devices. And it was also the first device to run on the Android Lollipop 5.0 based interface. The Marathon M5 Lite, on the other hand, has more improved Amigo OS, i.e., it’s the version 3.1 based on the Android Lollipop 5.1 version. We have stated previously, and we will do the same this time too; it is one of the most elegant Android custom skins out there in the market right now, as we played with the interface on a daily basis. We didn’t have any issues or sudden crashes if you’re worried about; it was rather quite promising experience, one which is quite equal to having a stock Android but expects for the fact that there was no app drawer in this interface.. Moving on with the talk of the appearances of the interface, it is inspiring in the simplest ways. The Theme Park app allows you to instantly themes, wallpaper, as well as the clock. It also let you set the wallpaper as Dynamic, meaning it would keep changing from a set of wallpapers. There are a couple of themes available for local storage, but you can explore more once you get connected to the internet. Meanwhile, there is an app called Chameleon, which would help you in creating a theme based on the environment. It uses the camera to identify the color of an object and create a colored theme out of it. This makes changing appearances piece of cake, just fire up the Chameleon app and focus towards the object you like. Note it will give you preview before applying the theme so that you can select the one you like, not others.. There are large numbers of apps pre-installed on this handset, although it would be harsh to coin them as bloatware since most of them are quite resourceful. Such as File Explorer, System Manager, Gionee XenderGallery, Music Player and UC Browser, there are a couple of tools as well that we liked such as Compass, Weather, Notes and Mobile Security app. It’s not all sunshine, there are some apps like Mood card, G Store, and many trial games that might be just unnecessary bloatware. But don’t worry about the storage, though, since device comes with 32GB of out of which around 23GB is free while 7GB is defined as system and rest of it is divided into apps and media. Moreover, it has a microSD card slot that should make your storage space woes go away. Well, that wasn’t enough? You can also attach an OTG drive as it supports one, and we made sure by testing it out. Overall, the user experience was pretty much amazing and painless, as such not the case with most of the mid-range handsets with no stock UI.. The latest mid-range handset from Gionee, the Marathon M5 Lite is powered by a Quad-core processor clocking at 1.2GHz. It’s the Mediatek MT6535, which a direct competitor to Snapdragon 410 in terms of overall performance. We have played with a lot of SD 410 devices in the last year, as there were numerous devices launched with that chipset. If I want to compare their performance with this MediaTek powered handset, then I suppose it is on par. Moreover, the 3GB of RAM was quite resourceful in maintaining the performance standards. Yes, this mid-ranger has 3GB of RAM, which is quite a large amount compared to its most competition, except for Coolpad Note 3 , Lenovo Vibe K4 Note , Honor 5X. One thing that is missing from the M5 Lite is the fingerprint sensor, as it is available on all three handsets mentioned. Let’s debate on why fingerprint sensor should be on all smartphones later.. We did a lot of gaming on this handset continuously for an hour, and it didn’t sweat as we expected it to. The gaming was lag free; there were no jerks while loading the graphics, none that is worth mentioning as we are treating it like a mid-range handset, but not a high-end device, so we expected least and were pretty satisfied with the gaming experience. We played games like Riptide GP2, Dead Trigger and Asphalt 8, although switching between them wasn’t quite as smooth as between any other apps was. Despite a large amount of RAM, the Quad-core processor isn’t a powerhouse. So, we tread lightly, but make no mistake it can handle whatever you throw at it during daily usage. While talking about the heat, we didn’t experience heat, not even a slight hint of heating up the device, and for that, we have steel coating on the inside of the back panel to thanks. Whereas the display did got little hot, but nothing that’s intolerable.. Moving on to the benchmark tools, to test out the potential performance of the device, we installed two popular benchmark apps; Antutu and Vellamo. The Antutu score was 33119, which is quite good, it can be broken down into four points; 3D, UX, CPU and RAM, points for these four aspects add up to the total score mentioned. While talking about the Vellamo, it has three aspects to cover; Multicore, metal and Chrome browser, the score for these were, 1413, 1103 and 2078, respectively. The vellamo scores were not off the chart when compared with SD 410 powered handset, but Antutu score was quite good. We did the browsing test in real life to understand how it actually performs. The device might not have the advantage of having a large real estate, but browsing desktop websites aren’t as much pain as I thought would be. The touch response of display is buttery smooth and so the Zoom-in and Zoom-out operations. Overall, we were satisfied with browsing as well as performance in gaming and other aspects. The chipset might not have a large amount of horsepower, but it sure does knows how to handle daily operations in the smoothest way possible.. The camera package on this handset is not what one would expect in this price range; it’s an 8–megapixel image sensor on the rear side while a 5-megapixel image sensor on the front. It may be below in when we talk about the megapixel count, but it most certainly isn’t bad when it comes to camera outputs. We took the device for a spin to check out how it pans on the real life usage. Today’s generation is becoming camera conscious and wants the highest resolution possible on their smartphones. In mid-range devices, it is not rare to see 13MP modules, but what is rare is that an 8MP module is performing quite better than 13MP modules. For instance, the 13-megapixel image sensor on the Lenovo Vibe K4 Note is bad when compared with Gionee’s 8-megapixel module on the M5 Lite.. Why did I say that? Well, if you check out the camera samples from both the handsets, you’ll see a huge difference. Head back to our detailed review of the K4 Note, where you would find camera samples attached, and then compare them to the below camera samples taken from Marathon M5 Lite. Despite, offering incredible outputs in the natural and artificial light, it would still be pixilated when you zoom in a little bit, which is why it isn’t the best camera in this range.. Talking about the camera interface, it is as simple it gets. Moreover, it doesn’t crash as much it did in the K4 Note. The camera UI on this handset fires up in microseconds and lets you capture as soon as possible so that you don’t miss the moment. It doesn’t have technologies like PDAF (Phase Detection Auto Focus) or any kind of assistance for focusing, but still it offers more than average performance in terms of detecting the object. Although, the manual tap to focus does make it better. It offers modes like Face Beauty, Magic Focus, Filters, Panorama, Night and HDR. There is also a manual mode called Professional, what it does is that it lets you decide where to keep focus, how much should be shutter speed, what is the appropriate white balance and ISO, as well as you can increase or decrease the exposure level according to need. It is helpful if you know your way around these camera specifics. Otherwise, I’ll recommend you to stick with auto mode. We took shots in low light to understand whether or not, night mode would yield good results. Well, we weren’t completely disappointed, but it was far away from satisfaction.. Moving on to the video recording, the rear module lets you shoot 1080p video recording, with features to turn on and off the microphone, as well as select the mode, its either auto or night. You can also change the exposure level and white balance. There is an anti-shaking feature that claims to stabilize the recording since there is no optical image stabilizer on this module. The anti-shake magic works after the video is done processing, and I would say it’s quite good, although, there might be a lot of noise present even at the highest resolution shot. It’s because of the low-resolution camera module; it is the fact and it can’t be changed now. The front facing camera on this handset is pretty neat, it’s not the quickest selfie taker, but it does the job nicely. If you’re wondering about whether you can take a selfie at a family dinner or not, well, we give it a green light, as it would fit a lot of members despite no wide angle lens claims. Overall, the camera package is pretty decent and generous enough to offer good camera outputs despite the low pixel resolution.. This handset is all about battery life; it has a capacity of 4000mAh, which is around 2000mAh less than the original handset, the Marathon M5. It had a great battery life as we mentioned in our detailed review posted a couple of months back. Fast forwarding, we have another marathon in our hands since more than a week now. And all we could do is praise its battery life. See, the company might have trimmed down some mAh along with some other hardware to line it up in mid range, but at the core, it is still a device with great battery life. Yes, this should answer your question whether the large battery capacity (comparing with its competition) on this thing actually gives a good battery life or not. We have got more than four days of battery life out of this thing.. For the first half we played and got our hands on to everything it offers and after passing through a whole day of gaming, shooting out to test the camera and other stuff, the battery was down to around 80%. After that we just let it sleep to learn how is the standby time on this handset, of course, we were still using it as our primary device; Wi-Fi, Bluetooth and SIM card, these three were ON most of the times. Four days passed and it still had around 40% battery life left. Know that it offers reverse charging, meaning you can charge another cell phone using the OTG cable. Proves helpful if you’re friend/ family member’s smartphone is running out of battery life. Or maybe you can be a good samaritan and help a stranger in need if he/she asks if you have got a powerbank. Tell that you’ve got a smartphone with a battery life of a powerbank.. Talking about the connectivity options, the Marathon M5 isn’t loaded with tons of connectivity options as it has with battery life, but it does offer dual SIM network support, of which GSM and CDMA are supported. Moreover, it has a dual standby support as well for when you put two microSIM cards in it. The device offers 4G LTE support; we tested out the quality, and it was quite on par with other 4G enabled handsets. As well as the mobile data speed are pretty incredible. There is no NFC or Infrared feature, but you get another usual set of options for microUSB, OTG support, Bluetooth, Wi-Fi, and GPS.. The mid-range market in India is filled with lots of handsets, since last year almost every brand is focused in launching a device in this category and they have, but only a few of them are actually good. And I would be counting the Marathon M5 Lite in that list. But do make a note that it is because of its exceptional battery life and quite decent features like display, camera and good performance in terms of the daily usage of basic smart features. Now if you’re solely searching for a smartphone with excellent battery life, but aren’t much psyched for other features, and then you should totally buy this handset. But if you’re concerned that 720p display won’t fulfill your needs, or the 8MP camera resolution is too low, then you shouldn’t get this handset. 10 Valid Reasons Why You Shouldn’t Buy the New Nokia 3310 Phone. Nokia 3310 Hands On: A look at the redesigned masterpiece. LG G6 Hands On: A look at the LG’s new Flagship Smartphone. Samsung Gear S3 Frontier Review – Tough to the Core. Using smartphone camera instead of a DSLR on your next vacation – Is it possible?. Xiaomi Redmi Note 4 Smartphone Launched – Top 3 Alternatives you could Buy. Top 15 Smartphones to Launch in 2018. ZTE Blade V9 & V9 Vita Smartphones With 18:9 Displays Launched at MWC 2018. Samsung Galaxy S9 & Galaxy S9 Plus – Everything You Need To Know. HMD Global Launches Nokia 8110 4G, Nokia 1, New Nokia 6, Nokia 7 Plus, & Nokia 8 Sirocco at MWC 2018. Samsung Galaxy S9 & Galaxy S9+ Are Now Official – Specs, Features, Price, Availability. Huawei MateBook X Pro With FullView TouchScreen Display Unveiled at MWC 2018. Xiaomi Mi MIX 2S with Snapdragon 845 SoC Confirmed to Launch on March 27th. Samsung Galaxy S9 & Galaxy S9 Plus – Everything You Need To Know. Xiaomi Mi MIX 2S with Snapdragon 845 SoC Confirmed to Launch on March 27th. Xiaomi’s BlackShark Gaming Smartphone with Snapdragon 845 SoC & 8GB RAM Listed Online. HTC Desire 12 Smartphone to Offer HD+ Display & Quad-Core MediaTek SoC. Samsung Galaxy S9 & Galaxy S9+ Are Now Official – Specs, Features, Price, Availability. LG’s 2018 Flagship Smartphone to Launch in June, Will Feature MLCD+ Display & SD845 SoC. Twitter Lite App, Vivo X20 “King of Glory” Edition, Samsung Air Purifiers, Galaxy J7 Prime Price Cut & More – PhoneRadar Report. MediaTek MT2621 SoC, Canon EOS M100 Camera, M-tech Eros Plus, Salora Arya Z4 & More – PhoneRadar Report. Casio G’z Eye GZE-1, Ziox Starz Vibe, Infinix Zero 5 Sale, UC Browser is Back, 4K Photos via FB Messenger & More – PhoneRadar Report. iPhone X on Airtel, Redmi 4A MIUI Update, Nokia 2 Sale, Galaxy C7 Nougat Update & More – PhoneRadar Report. Facebook Local, Galaxy A7 (2018), YouTube Kids App, Nokia 8 Oreo Update & More – PhoneRadar Report. Jio VR App, Centriq 2400 Processor, Galaxy J7 Max Discount, Xperia XZ Premium Update & More – PhoneRadar Report. Samsung Galaxy S9 & Galaxy S9 Plus – Everything You Need To Know. Xiaomi Mi MIX 2S with Snapdragon 845 SoC Confirmed to Launch on March 27th. Xiaomi’s BlackShark Gaming Smartphone with Snapdragon 845 SoC & 8GB RAM Listed Online. HTC Desire 12 Smartphone to Offer HD+ Display & Quad-Core MediaTek SoC. Samsung Galaxy S9 & Galaxy S9+ Are Now Official – Specs, Features, Price, Availability. Xiaomi Mi Max 3 Smartphone to Sport 5,500mAh Battery with Wireless Charging Support. LG Announces K8 (2018) & K10 (2018) Smartphones with 16:9 HD Display & Android Nougat. Huawei MateBook X Pro With FullView TouchScreen Display Unveiled at MWC 2018. 
more ... more .... more ... more .... MEMORY: 32 GB + MicroSD. Low pixel density screen (294 ppi). The Gionee Marathon M5 lite sports a 5-inch 720p display, 1.3 GHz quad-core processor, 3 GB of RAM, 32 GB of storage, an 8-megapixel main camera and an additional 5-megapixel unit on the front.. OS: Android (5.1), Gionee Amigo UI. Dimensions: 5.63 x 2.75 x 0.33 inches (143 x 69.9 x 8.5 mm). Weight: 6.40 oz (182 g) the average is 5.6 oz (159 g). Resolution: 720 x 1280 pixels. Features: Ambient light sensor, Proximity sensor, Scratch-resistant glass (Dragontrail). Pixel density - The pixel density of a display represents the number of pixels over an area of one inch. It’s measured in “pixels per inch”, or ppi. The higher the number, the more detailed and good-looking the display is.. Technology - There are two main screen technologies currently used in phones and tablets: LCD and AMOLED. The former usually features a light source and liquid crystals, while the latter is based on organic light-emitting diodes. Newer LCD variations like IPS-LCD and Super-LCD allow for very accurate color reproduction and very wide viewing angles, where no significant image quality loss is observed. Current AMOLED screens differ in such a way that they can exhibit much more saturated colors (sometimes too much) and incredibly high contrast levels, which is due to black color being completely black in AMOLED displays.. Screen-to-body ratio - Shows what part of the frontal area of a phone its screen occupies.. Shooting Modes: High Dynamic Range mode (HDR), Panorama. Quad-core, 1300 MHz, ARM Cortex-A53, 64-bit. System chip - Most modern handsets use an advanced chip that includes many of the device’s hardware modules like the processor, Wi-Fi, Bluetooth and sometimes even the wireless radio. This field shows what particular system chip (or System-on-a-Chip) is used in the phone.. Processor - The processor is the main computing component of a phone and is a major factor when it comes to the overall speed of the device. Some more powerful smartphones use dual-core and quad-core processors designed to deliver greater performance.. Graphics processor - The graphics processor is important for the smooth operation of the system and especially in games and other applications that may involve complex graphics and animations.. System memory - System memory, or RAM memory is the type of memory that the device uses to temporarily store data from the OS or currently-running apps. The more RAM available to the device, the better the performance will be when multiple or heavier programs are running.. Built-in storage - Bigger storage capacity allows you to keep more content saved onto your device, such as more applications, photos or video. Games and video content typically take up the biggest amount of storage space.. Storage expansion - Some handsets allow you to expand their storage capacity by using a memory expansion card – most often microSD. Expansion memory is mostly suitable for media storage, such as photo, video or music content.. Talk time: 32.70 hours the average is 20 h (1229 min). Stand-by time: 18.8 days (450 hours) the average is 21 days (502 h). Talk time (3G): 19.00 hours the average is 19 h (1147 min). Stand-by time (3G): 16.7 days (400 hours) the average is 25 days (590 h). Stand-by time (4G): 15.0 days (360 hours) the average is 23 days (549 h). Capacity - The bigger, the better! However, battery capacity is not the only factor that has an effect on battery life. Those include the chipset in use, the software running on the device, as well as the consumer's unique usage pattern.. Filter by: Album, Artist, Genre, Playlists. Features: Album art cover, Background playback. Cellular GSM: 850, 900, 1800, 1900 MHz. UMTS: 850, 900, 1900, 2100 MHz. LTE (FDD): Bands 3, 1, 7. Notifications: Haptic feedback, Music ringtones (MP3), Polyphonic ringtones, Vibration, Flight mode, Silent mode, Speakerphone. Other features: Voice dialing, Voice commands, Voice recording. Features: Mass storage device, USB charging. Other: Tethering, Computer sync, OTA sync. Positioning - This field shows the positioning systems supported by the device. The most common types are GPS and A-GPS.. GPS - This is one of the most widespread global positioning technologies, developed and maintained by the U.S. It uses satellites in order to detect your location. A-GPS - A-GPS stands for Assisted GPS and is the industry standard for positioning and navigation. “Assisted” means that it can use local wireless networks, in addition to satellites, for quicker and more precise localization.. Shopping information Accessories: Transceiver, Earphone, Travel Charger (1A), Data Cable, User Manual, Warranty Card, Protective Film, Transparent Cover. FCC measured SAR - Working closely with federal health and safety agencies, such as the Food and Drug Administration (FDA), the FCC has adopted limits for safe exposure to radiofrequency (RF) energy. These limits are given in terms of a unit referred to as the Specific Absorption Rate (SAR), which is a measure of the amount of radio frequency energy absorbed by the body when using a mobile phone. The FCC requires cell phone manufacturers to ensure that their phones comply with these objective limits for safe exposure. Any cell phone at or below these SAR levels (that is, any phone legally sold in the U.S.) is a "safe" phone, as measured by these standards. The FCC limit for public exposure from cellular telephones is an SAR level of 1.6 watts per kilogram (1.6 W/kg).. To see the full specifications with in-depth details click here.. This device is also known as. Despite our efforts to provide full and correct Gionee Marathon M5 lite specifications, there is always a possibility of making a mistake. If you see any wrong or incomplete data, please LET US KNOW .. If you are interested in using our specs commercially, check out our Phone specs database licensing page.. Gear S4 may come with a blood pressure monitor, Samsung patent reveals. Google Pay launches today, but its most important feature is not here yet. Galaxy S9 and S9+ previewed in glorious detail with full specs and release date. Galaxy S9 and S9+ price and release date on Verizon, AT&T, T-Mobile and Best Buy. The Samsung Galaxy S9 and S9+ have game-changing cameras with variable aperture and 960fps slow-mo video recording. The Big Barcelona Camera Comparison: iPhone X vs Pixel 2 XL vs Note 8. Samsung Galaxy S9 and S9+ rumor review: Specs, design, features, price and release date. Sony presents Xperia XZ2 and XZ2 Compact: new design and Snapdragon 845. Galaxy S9 Exynos edition gets benchmarked against rivals!. Galaxy S9 first camera comparison vs iPhone X, V30, S8. Samsung Galaxy S9 & S9+ hands-on. MWC 2018: top smartphones to expect. Best smartphone you can buy in 2018. Allo is a quality app, but Google isn't giving it a real chance. All content (phone reviews, news, specs, info), design and layouts are Copyright 2001-2018 phoneArena.com. Reproduction in whole or in part or in any form or medium without written permission is prohibited! Privacy. 
Gadgets Now TOI Home News shop Gadgets Reviews compare Slideshows Videos Top Gadgets More. Tech News Jobs Social IT Services Mobiles PCs Apps Gaming Computing More Gadgets. Vodafone's mobile data to be deployed to fight epidemics in Ghana Isro's new communication satellites to usher in high-speed internet era MediaTek launches Helio P60 with dual 4G VoLTE, AI capabilities MWC2018: 5G can help operators add to revenues by over 30% BSNL selects Nokia to launch 4G service in 10 circles Smartphones and their brand ambassadors: Amitabh Bachchan, Deepika Padukone, Katrina Kaif,Alia Bhatt and PV Sindhu promote these phones Fintech Revolut Britain's first digital bank to break even Success in India is based on studying, having a job...where’s the creativity, says Apple co-founder Steve Wozniak Samsung Galaxy S9, S9+ launched: Specs, price and availability in India Samsung Galaxy S9 vs Samsung Galaxy S8: Comparison. Mobile Phones Tablets Laptops Cameras Televisions Power banks Smart watches Air conditioners Washing machines Refrigerators Fitness bands. Mobile Phones Laptops Tablets Cameras Televisions Power banks Smart watches Air conditioners Washing machines Refrigerators Fitness bands. Brands Infographics Checklist How To Featured infocus Specials. Gadgets Now » Reviews » Gionee Marathon M5 Lite Review: Just another budget smartphone. Gionee Marathon M5 Lite Review: Just another budget smartphone Komal Mohan | TOI Tech | Updated: Feb 12, 2016, 02.39PM IST. The Gionee Marathon M5 Lite has some serious competition with the heating budget smartphone segment.We review it to find out where it stands.. Top Features * Good battery back-up. Chinese smartphone maker Gionee has launched the toned down version of. To list it out, the Marathon M5 Lite comes with smaller screen, lower resolution rear camera and a smaller battery.. Every other day, we see a bunch of budget smartphones coming to India with good specs. The Gionee Marathon M5 Lite has some serious competition as it also falls in the budget smartphone segment. We review it to find out where it stands.. In terms of design, the Gionee M5 Marathon Lite smartphone is very similar to Gionee M5 smartphone. It comes with a regular metallic frame with curved edges. The one we got to review was dressed in gold. As far as port placements are concerned, the 3.5mm headset jack is placed at the top, while the micro-USB port is placed at the bottom.. The Gionee M5 Marathon Lite smartphone comes with a removable back with smooth metallic finish. At the back, users get an 8MP rear camera that sits at the top left corner with the LED flash. The Gionee branding is placed in the middle, while the loudspeaker is placed at the bottom.. Just like its bigger sibling, the front of the smartphone is dominated by a 5.5-inch display. It also houses an earpiece, sensor array and the front camera. Though there are no physical buttons on the front, you still get the soft-touch Home, Back and Task Switcher keys that offer decent feedback. Sadly, these haptic keys are not backlit, so identifying their location in the dark is a bit of a problem.. The smartphone comes with a 5-inch HD display with 720x1,280p display resolution at 294ppi. This is a bit of a let down as the budget segment has plenty of smartphones that support Full HD resolution, such as Lenovo K4 Note and the new. Otherwise, the phone has good sunlight readability with slightly reflective panel.. The key specs of the phone include:. Connectivity options: 4G, 3G, Wi-Fi, Bluetooth v4.1 and GPS. Looking at the overall specs, the RAM and battery seem to be the high points of the Gionee Marathon M5 Lite. The rest of the specs are pretty standard for a budget smartphone.. In terms of performance, we did not encounter any issues in our time with the smartphone. It was responsive and smooth while opening and switching between apps or playing casual games.. The call quality, even in weak reception areas, was good. We were able to play most popular video and audio file formats with ease. The sound output through the phone's speaker outlet was loud and offers good sound quality. Gionee Marathon M5 Lite also offers good gaming performance. We were able to play games like Asphalt 8 and free flow without encountering frame drops or freezes.. On the battery front, the smartphone comes with a non-removable 4,000mAh battery. It can last up to a day and half easily with moderate usage, but if you are a heavy user, you will get only one day of juice from this smartphone. Coming to the cameras, the Gionee Marathon M5 Lite smartphone comes with an 8MP camera at the back with autofocus and LED flash and 5MP front camera. The rear camera supports 1080p video recording, too.. The rear camera is certainly not among the high points of the Gionee Marathon M5 Lite. Images captured by the rear camera in day light turned out to be grainy and missed details. Video capture was functional at best. The front camera is good for taking occasional selfies and video chats.. Gionee came up with the Lite version of the Marathon M5 to capture the budget segment. But with all that it is offering, in terms of specs, it is difficult to recommend this phone fully. At Rs 12,855, the smartphone is at par with the competition in terms of price range. But sadly, not so much in terms of performance.. Gionee launches Marathon M5 Mini with 4,000 mAh battery. Samsung Galaxy On7 Prime (Black, 3GB RAM + 32GB Memory) ₹ 12990.000. LG V30+ (18:9 OLED FullVisionTM, 128GB) - Black ₹ 44990.000. Honor View 10 (Midnight Black, 6GB RAM + 128GB memory) ₹ 29999.000. Related Stories Gionee S11 smartphone with four cameras expe... Chinese smartphone shipments fell 4% in 2017... Oppo A83 smartphone expected to launch in In... Reliance Jio is the new king of the featurep... Nokia's performance in Q4 2017 may not be go... Amazon Great Indian Sale starts today: Here'.... Subscribe and get the top tech news of the day Delivered to your mailbox. Connect with us FOLLOWERS 1.5m FOLLOWERS 250k FOLLOWERS 35k. Be the first one to review.. 5 Stars 4 Stars 3 Stars 2 Stars 1 Stars. 1.0 Poor 2.0 Average 3.0 Buyable 4.0 Good 5.0 Excellent. Be the first one to review.. We have sent you a verification email. To verify, just follow the link in the message. Just not nearly 1weak over all OK but the battery is not so good atprsent the battri is refusing faster do to some app which r inbuld or do to network with 2sim but the battery is draining faster not even 1day as told by the shopkeeper that''s y I not it no option to remove in used app which r inbuld. Anything withoit superior display is not accepted at these price ranges.When you are giving good battery then whats the deal in it.. Top News 6 features of Samsung Galaxy S9 that are missing in Apple iPhone X 02:47 Samsung Galaxy S9, S9+ launched: Specs, price and availability in India Mobile World Congress 2018: All the latest news and updates. Smartron t.phone P review: A decent budget offering. Best Laptops with Intel 8th-gen Processor. For the latest Tech News, like us on Facebook. Smartron t.phone P review: A decent budget offering. Xiaomi Redmi Note 5 Pro Review: The Smartphone that makes you sit up and take Note. Xiaomi Redmi Note 5 Review: Good Smartphone, But Average Upgrade. 1More Triple Driver Review: It’s all about the bass. Samsung Galaxy On7 Prime review: Old wine in a new bottle. Tecno Camon i review: Another face in the crowd. Jabra Elite 25e review: Head, set, go. Logitech UE MEGABOOM Bluetooth Speaker review: Please don’t stop the music. Acer Spin 1 review: Suitable for routine tasks. 1 Gionee Marathon M5 Lite Review: Just another budget smartphone 2 Smartron t.phone P review: A decent budget offering 3 Xiaomi Redmi Note 5 Pro Review: The Smartphone that makes you sit up and take Note 4 Xiaomi Redmi Note 5 Review: Good Smartphone, But Average Upgrade 5 1More Triple Driver Review: It’s all about the bass 6 Samsung Galaxy On7 Prime review: Old wine in a new bottle 7 Tecno Camon i review: Another face in the crowd 8 Jabra Elite 25e review: Head, set, go 9 Logitech UE MEGABOOM Bluetooth Speaker review: Please don’t stop the music 10 iVoomi i1 Review: Basically, Basic 11 Acer Spin 1 review: Suitable for routine tasks. Popular Posts Best Camera Phones in India Phones under Rs. 20,000 Phones under 15000 in India Phones under Rs. 10,000 Best Laptops under Rs.30,000 4G Phones Under Rs,10,000. Popular Categories Android Mobile Phone Dual Sim Mobile Phone 4G Mobiles Tablets Online Top Gadgets 2017 Upcoming Mobiles. About Us Contact Us RSS Return Policy Bulk Buy. Terms of Use and Grievance Redressal Policy Gadgets now mobile Refund Policy Sell with us. Vivo V5 Samsung Galaxy J7 Lenovo A7000 iPhone 7 Plus Samsung Galaxy J2 Moto E4 Samsung Galaxy On7 Oppo F3 Plus. Honor 8 HTC Desire 820 LG G5 Sony Xperia Z5. Popular Gadgets VU TV Xiaomi Mi Band Intex Power Bank Ambrane Power Bank Xiaomi Power Bank Micromax TV Samsung TV Lloyd TV LG TV Sony TV Acer Laptops Lenovo laptops HP laptops Dell Laptop. Mobile Phones Nokia Mobiles Intex Mobiles Lenovo Mobiles Apple iPhones Moto Mobiles Vivo Mobiles Xiaomi Mobiles Samsung Mobiles Blackberry Mobiles Spice Mobiles Oppo Mobiles OnePlus Mobiles Lyf Mobiles Micromax Mobiles LG Mobiles Karbonn Mobiles HTC Mobiles Sony Mobiles Lava Mobiles. Trending Stories Aadhaar Card Sundar Pichai Redmi 4 Sale on Amazon Xiaomi Redmi 4A Sale Mukesh Ambani Airtel Offers Vodafone Offer Paytm. Trending Topics Samsung Galaxy On7 Prime Honor V10 iPhone 8 Plus OnePlus 6 SAMSUNG GALAXY A8 2018 HUAWEI MATE 10 OnePlus 5T Xiaomi Redmi 5A Honor 6A Vivo V7 Moto X4 Xiaomi Mi Mix 2 XIAOMI REDMI NOTE 5 PRO Redmi Note 5. Copyright © 2018 Bennett Coleman & Co. | The Times of India. For reprint rights: Times Syndication Service. 
Gionee Marathon M5 Lite Tips, Tricks, FAQs & Useful Options. Gionee Marathon M5 Lite Tips, Tricks, FAQs & Useful Options. 2 years ago February 2, 2016. How to insert the SIM card on your device?. What is the type of SIM supported on this device?. How to share your Data network via Tethering on the device?. How to take a Screenshot on my Gionee Marathon M5 Lite?. How to check for the Android Updates on the device?. How to Install external apps with apk files on the device?. How to customize the Quick Settings in the Notification Panel?. How to use the Power saving modes on the Gionee Marathon M5 Lite?. What are the sensors available on the phone?. Are there LED notification lights on the device?. How to use the Screen pinning feature on the Gionee Marathon M5 Lite?. What are the Pre-installed Apps on the device?. Can I Move apps from phone storage to SD card on this device?. What are the bloatware applications on the device?. Can I remove the bloatware apps from the, device?. How much is the internal storage on the Gionee Marathon M5 Lite?. How much free RAM is available on the device if no apps are running?. Does the device support OTG?. What is the SAR Value of the device?. What are the benchmarking scores on the device?. Will the Gionee Marathon M5 Lite get Android Marshmallow 6.0 Update?. What are the gestures available on the device?. What is Chameleon and How to use it?. How to change the Theme using the Theme Park?. What is Mood Card and How to use it?. What is System Manager and how to use it?. How to enable the developer mode on your device?. Gionee , the Chinese smartphone manufacturer, has recently launched a smaller variant of the Marathon M5 , i.e., the Marathon M5 Lite powered by a 4000 mAh Li-Poly battery and runs on Android Lollipop 5.1. It has a 5-inch IPS display with 1280 x 720 pixels as its resolution and comes with an Asahi Dragontrail Glass Protection. It is a dual SIM smartphone and supports dual standby. The device comes powered by MediaTek MT6735 SoC Quad-core processor clocked at 1.3 GHz coupled with Mali- T720 MP2 GPU. The device comes with 3 GB of RAM and 32 GB as its internal Storage and can be expanded upto 128 GB using an external Micro SD Card. Overall the performance of the device is good and we would we reviewing the device soon. If you are purchasing the device then here are few Tips and Tricks that can quickly help you in exploring your device with ease without an interruption.. How to insert the SIM Card?. Type of SIM supported on your device. Move apps from phone storage to SD card. Internal storage on Oppo F1 Plus. Does the device support OTG?. Change the theme using Theme Park. Insertion of the SIM card is the very first thing that you do when you purchase a new device. So to insert a SIM card on your Marathon M5 Lite, power off your device and remove the back panel. As the device comes with a 4000 mAh non-removable battery, the SIM card slots are present just above the battery region. Now place the SIM cards in their respective slots and put back the cover and boot your device. You have successfully inserted the SIM card on your device.. Marathon M5 Lite is a dual SIM smartphone supporting dual Standby. The SIM card supported by the device is are Micro SIM cards with 4G connectivity.. These days every smartphone comes with an option where you can share your internet with the others. To share data network on your smartphone, open the settings and tap on More in Wireless & Network. In the new window, tap on Tethering & portable hotspot and toggle the button adjacent to Portable WLAN hotspot to enable that on your device. There is an option called Setup WLAN hotspot using which you can set the password and network name to your device.. The screenshot is used to save the data captured on the screen in the form on an image which may be in jpeg or a png format. To capture a screenshot on your device. There are three ways in which you can capture a screenshot on your device. Method 1: This is the general Method of capturing a screenshot. In this, you need to press the power button along with the volume down button to capture the screenshot on your device. Method 2: In this method, open the dock which is at the bottom of the screen and tap on Super Screenshot and select the region that you want to capture and tap on the Save button. The screenshot is captured and saved to the gallery on your device.. Android updates help in fixing the minute bugs on the device and thus helps in enhancing the performance of the device. To check for Android updates, you can directly open the System Update application available on the home screen and tap on check New version. The device checks for updates and if there is no new update then a message stating “This is the Latest Version” is displayed on the screen.. External Apps can be installed by enabling the Unknown sources option on the device. To install an external app on your device, open the Settings and tap on security in the basic settings option. In the new window, head over to device administration region and tap on the check box adjacent to the Unknown sources and click on the Ok button in the pop-up to enable the option on your device. Now you can install any app with an external apk file without any interruption on your device.. The Quick settings in the Notification panel come within a dock which is at the bottom of the screen and cannot be customized on this device.. Power saving modes help in improving the battery life of the device during the low battery conditions. To use the power saving mode on your device, open the Settings and tap on power Management in the basic settings and click on power manager. The device comes with two types of power saving mode normal power saving mode and extreme power saving mode. Now tap on any of the options and click on the open button to enable that on your device. The extreme mode comes with a limited number of options and helps in improving the battery conditions by disabling all the unwanted options including the mobile data on your device.. Acceleration, Gyroscope Uncalibrated, Magnetic Field, Orientation, and Proximity are the sensors available on the device and helps in automating the device.. No there is no LED notification Lights available on the device.. Screen pinning feature is available on the devices with Android lollipop on it. To use the screen pinning feature on your Marathon M5 Lite, open the settings and tap on Security in the Basic Settings section. In the new window, head over to the advanced section and tap on Screen pinning and toggle the off button to enable that on your device. Now open the recent menu and pin the app that you want to pin on your home screen by tapping on pin icon at, the bottom of the screen. To unpin the pinned screen, you need to press and hold the back button and overview button firmly for about 2-3 seconds. The screen is successfully unpinned on your device.. The device comes with Gallery, Music, File Explorer, Chameleon, ThemePark, Mood card, System updates, Gionee Xender, System Manager, basic tools, all the google related apps pre-installed on your device.. Yes, the device comes with an option using which you can easily move the apps from the internal to the external storage on your device. To move an app on your device, open the Settings and tap on Advanced settings in the other section. In the new window, head over to the system section and tap on Apps and in the list of the apps, click on the application that you want to move. In the app info window, tap on Move to SD Card on your device. The app is successfully moved from internal to an external SD card on your device without any interruption. In the similar way, you can move an app from external to internal storage on your device.. The device comes with a lot of bloatware applications like Facebook, Whatsapp, UC browser, G Stores and games like Spider-Man, Bubble Bash, Asphalt Nitro, cars Racing, Midnight pool and G Store pre-installed on your device.. Yes, the bloatware applications can be removed just by uninstalling them from your device. There are two ways in which you can uninstall an app.. Method 1: In this you can uninstall the app by pressing the app firmly until the uninstall option appears on the screen and drag the app to the uninstall button. Now tap on the OK button in the pop-up to uninstall the app on your device.. Method 2: This is the regular method of removing an app from your device. In this method, open the settings and tap on advanced settings which is at the bottom of the screen. In the new window, head over to the system section and tap on Apps. In the App Manager window, tap on the app that you want to remove and click on uninstall button which is at the top right of the screen in the App Info Window. The app is successfully removed from your device, and you can download it from the play store if you want to re-install the app on your device.. The device comes with 32 GB as its internal storage out of which around 23.56 GB of free space is available for the end user, and rest of space is occupied by the pre-installed apps and operating system.. The device comes with 3GB of RAM out of which 844 MB of RAM is used by the System 330 MB of RAM is used by the pre-installed apps and around 1.9 GB of free RAM is available when no apps are running on the device.. Yes, the device does support the USB OTG and helps in easy transferring of files from device to drive and vice-versa.. The radio wave exposure guidelines employ a unit of measurement known as Specific Absorption Rate(SAR). The SAR limit recommended by the international commission on non-ionizing radiation protection is 2 W/Kg averaged over 10g tissue. The Head SAR value of the device is 0.375 W/Kg and the body SAR value of the device is 0.535 W/Kg.. Benchmarking tools are used to tell us the details and the exact performance of the device. After testing the device with various benchmarking tools here are their respective.. The device comes with Android Lollipop 5.1 out of the box. There is no information of the device getting the Android M update but you can check the list of the devices that may get the Android Lollipop Update soon.. The device comes with few of the smart gestures that help you to open quickly few of the application and perform some actions easily on your device. The Smart gestures available on the device are Pause Alarm, Black screen gestures, Smart night screen, Double click to wake. The Touchless Wake-up gestures include, Touchless desktop control, image browsing, video control, and music switch. To use these gestures on your device, open the settings and tap on Advanced settings. In the new window, tap on Smart gestures and toggle the button adjacent smart gesture and Touchless gestures to enable that on your device. Now tap on the check box adjacent to each of the option to enable them on your device.. Chameleon is a live theme application available on the Amigo OS. To set the theme using the Chameleon app. It opens with the rear camera with two circles on the screen which are used to select the desired color. Now tap on the preview button, the selected color are mixed, and preview is displayed. If you like the theme and wallpaper, then click on the tick mark on the button of the screen to apply that on your device.. Theme Park is the other application available on the Amigo OS. This application comes with plenty of themes bundled in single apps. To use this, open the Theme Park app and tap on the theme that you want to apply. Now click on the download button, i.e., at the bottom of the screen. Once the Theme is downloaded, tap on the apply button. The theme is successfully applied to your device.. Mood Card is one of the applications available on the Amigo OS using which user can easily change the Wallpaper on your device. To change the Wallpaper, open the Mood Card app and select the photo that you want to apply as wallpaper and click on it. Now click on the download button that is at the bottom of the screen and tap on Apply button once the Wallpaper is downloaded. You have successfully changed the theme using the Mood Card application on your device.. System Manager is used to clearing the cache and thus help in improving the space your device and helps in boosting the performance on your device. It comes with four options Cache Cleaner, App manager, Power, Traffic, and Eco Mode. To clear the Cache, open the System Manager and click on rocket icon on the home screen to clear the cache and release the space on your device.. If you are a programmer, then developer mode helps you in accessing your device with various customizable options that can help in either building apps, etc. To enable the developer mode on your device, open the Settings and tap on About Phone. In the new window, tap on the build number for about 7-8 times continuously to enable the developer option on your device.. These are the general questions that a user search for when he purchases a new device. If you still have any query related to the device then pass your comment or the query on PhoneRadar Forums section we will get back to you.. Swipe Virtue Tips, Tricks, FAQs & Useful Options. Huawei Honor 5X Tips, Tricks, FAQs and Useful Options. Top 15 Smartphones to Launch in 2018. ZTE Blade V9 & V9 Vita Smartphones With 18:9 Displays Launched at MWC 2018. Samsung Galaxy S9 & Galaxy S9 Plus – Everything You Need To Know. HMD Global Launches Nokia 8110 4G, Nokia 1, New Nokia 6, Nokia 7 Plus, & Nokia 8 Sirocco at MWC 2018. Samsung Galaxy S9 & Galaxy S9+ Are Now Official – Specs, Features, Price, Availability. Huawei MateBook X Pro With FullView TouchScreen Display Unveiled at MWC 2018. Xiaomi Mi MIX 2S with Snapdragon 845 SoC Confirmed to Launch on March 27th. Samsung Galaxy S9 & Galaxy S9 Plus – Everything You Need To Know. Xiaomi Mi MIX 2S with Snapdragon 845 SoC Confirmed to Launch on March 27th. Xiaomi’s BlackShark Gaming Smartphone with Snapdragon 845 SoC & 8GB RAM Listed Online. HTC Desire 12 Smartphone to Offer HD+ Display & Quad-Core MediaTek SoC. Samsung Galaxy S9 & Galaxy S9+ Are Now Official – Specs, Features, Price, Availability. LG’s 2018 Flagship Smartphone to Launch in June, Will Feature MLCD+ Display & SD845 SoC. Twitter Lite App, Vivo X20 “King of Glory” Edition, Samsung Air Purifiers, Galaxy J7 Prime Price Cut & More – PhoneRadar Report. MediaTek MT2621 SoC, Canon EOS M100 Camera, M-tech Eros Plus, Salora Arya Z4 & More – PhoneRadar Report. Casio G’z Eye GZE-1, Ziox Starz Vibe, Infinix Zero 5 Sale, UC Browser is Back, 4K Photos via FB Messenger & More – PhoneRadar Report. iPhone X on Airtel, Redmi 4A MIUI Update, Nokia 2 Sale, Galaxy C7 Nougat Update & More – PhoneRadar Report. Facebook Local, Galaxy A7 (2018), YouTube Kids App, Nokia 8 Oreo Update & More – PhoneRadar Report. Jio VR App, Centriq 2400 Processor, Galaxy J7 Max Discount, Xperia XZ Premium Update & More – PhoneRadar Report. Samsung Galaxy S9 & Galaxy S9 Plus – Everything You Need To Know. Xiaomi Mi MIX 2S with Snapdragon 845 SoC Confirmed to Launch on March 27th. Xiaomi’s BlackShark Gaming Smartphone with Snapdragon 845 SoC & 8GB RAM Listed Online. HTC Desire 12 Smartphone to Offer HD+ Display & Quad-Core MediaTek SoC. Samsung Galaxy S9 & Galaxy S9+ Are Now Official – Specs, Features, Price, Availability. Xiaomi Mi Max 3 Smartphone to Sport 5,500mAh Battery with Wireless Charging Support. LG Announces K8 (2018) & K10 (2018) Smartphones with 16:9 HD Display & Android Nougat. Huawei MateBook X Pro With FullView TouchScreen Display Unveiled at MWC 2018. 
The next video is starting stop. Gionee Marathon M5 Lite Unboxing & Hands on Review. Want to watch this again later?. Sign in to add this video to a playlist.. Sign in to report inappropriate content.. Sign in to make your opinion count.. Sign in to make your opinion count.. The interactive transcript could not be loaded.. Rating is available when the video has been rented.. This feature is not available right now. Gionee Marathon M5 Lite Unboxing & Hands on Review. Marathon M5 Lite is available in India for 12,999 INR. The phone features a 4,000 mAh battery and it comes with a 5 inch HD display with Dragontrail Glass protection. It is powered by 1.3 GHz quad core mediatek MT6735 processor along with 3 GB RAM and 32 GB internal storage. Marathon M5 lite packs a 8 megapixel back camera and a 5 megapixel front facing camera. It is a dual SIM smartphone, supports microSD card and runs on Android 5.1 along with Amigo 3.1 on top. Subscribe to our channel for detailed Reviews, Quick Review, Benchmarks, Gaming, Unboxing, Features and Overview of Various Gadgets like Smartphones, Tablets etc. http://youtube.com/isparknetwork Visit our Site mentioned below to read latest gadget reviews and news. Connect with us : Facebook: http://www.facebook.com/gadgetdiary Twitter: http://twitter.com/gadget_diary Google Plus: https://plus.google.com/+isparknetwork/ Site: http://gadgetdiary.com. When autoplay is enabled, a suggested video will automatically play next.. [Hindi - हिन्दी] Gionee Marathon M5 Review. Gionee Marathon M5 lite gaming review and heating test. Gionee M5 lite, cleaning of camera glass. 6 Reasons why you should Buy Gionee Marathon M5. vs Samsung Galaxy J5 - Which Is Better?. Gionee Marathon M5 lite - Pattern Unlock By HardReset. Gionee M5 Lite Review- Is It Worth The Price?. Gionee Marathon M5 - Initial Impressions & Opinion. Gionee Marathon M5 Unboxing & Full Hands on Review. Gionee Marathon M5 - Unboxing & Hands On!. Gionee Marathon M5 Mini Vs Gionee Marathon M5 Lite Comparison & Full Review. Gionee Marathon M5 Lite Camera Review with Uncompressed Samples. LeEco Le 1s vs Gionee Marathon M5 Lite - Speed, Benchmark and Performance test. Gionee Marathon M5 Lite review, Benchmark, battery performance and more. Root Gionee M5 Lite Full process 100℅ Working. The Super Smartphone You've Never Heard Of.... Gionee S8 with 3D Touch Hands on. Gionee Marathon M5 Gaming Review & Heating Test. Takee 1 Unboxing - World’s first 3D Holographic Smartphone. Sign in to add this to Watch Later. 
more ... more .... more ... more .... Gionee Marathon M5 lite vs Samsung Galaxy S4 Size compare. Device type Smart phone Smart phone. OS Android (5.1), Gionee Amigo UI Android (5.0, 4.4.2, 4.3, 4.2.2). Dimensions 5.63 x 2.75 x 0.33 inches (143 x 69.9 x 8.5 mm) 5.38 x 2.75 x 0.31 inches (136.6 x 69.8 x 7.9 mm). Weight 6.40 oz (182 g) the average is 5.6 oz (159 g) 4.59 oz (130 g) the average is 5.6 oz (159 g). Materials Main body: Metal Main body: Plastic. Physical size 5.0 inches 5.0 inches. Resolution 720 x 1280 pixels 1080 x 1920 pixels. Features Ambient light sensor, Proximity sensor, Scratch-resistant glass (Dragontrail) Ambient light sensor, Proximity sensor, Scratch-resistant glass (Corning Gorilla Glass 3). Pixel density - The pixel density of a display represents the number of pixels over an area of one inch. It’s measured in “pixels per inch”, or ppi. The higher the number, the more detailed and good-looking the display is.. Technology - There are two main screen technologies currently used in phones and tablets: LCD and AMOLED. The former usually features a light source and liquid crystals, while the latter is based on organic light-emitting diodes. Newer LCD variations like IPS-LCD and Super-LCD allow for very accurate color reproduction and very wide viewing angles, where no significant image quality loss is observed. Current AMOLED screens differ in such a way that they can exhibit much more saturated colors (sometimes too much) and incredibly high contrast levels, which is due to black color being completely black in AMOLED displays.. Screen-to-body ratio - Shows what part of the frontal area of a phone its screen occupies.. Hardware Features Autofocus Autofocus, CMOS image sensor, Back-illuminated sensor (BSI). Software Features Geo tagging Digital image stabilization, Touch to focus, Face detection, Smile detection, Digital zoom, Geo tagging, Self-timer, Voice activation. Shooting Modes High Dynamic Range mode (HDR), Panorama High Dynamic Range mode (HDR), Panorama, Scenes, Effects. Camcorder 1920x1080 (1080p HD) 1920x1080 (1080p HD) (30 fps). Features Video calling Digital image stabilization. Front-facing camera 5 megapixels 2 megapixels. Aperture size - The aperture of a camera is the opening through which light travels before it reaches the camera sensor. The smaller the number is, the bigger this opening is, allowing for more light to pass.. Focal length (35mm equivalent) - The lower (shorter) the focal length number, the wider the shot will be. Conversely, longer focal length cameras produce narrower frames, which can be used for telephoto (zoomed-in) purposes.. Camera sensor size - A bigger camera sensor is able to capture more light, and thus produce better photos.. Pixel size - The size of an individual pixel on a camera's sensor. MediaTek MT6735 Qualcomm Snapdragon 600 8974. Quad-core, 1300 MHz, ARM Cortex-A53, 64-bit Quad-core, 1900 MHz, Krait 300. 3 GB RAM 2 GB RAM. up to 128 GB up to 64 GB. System chip - Most modern handsets use an advanced chip that includes many of the device’s hardware modules like the processor, Wi-Fi, Bluetooth and sometimes even the wireless radio. This field shows what particular system chip (or System-on-a-Chip) is used in the phone.. Processor - The processor is the main computing component of a phone and is a major factor when it comes to the overall speed of the device. Some more powerful smartphones use dual-core and quad-core processors designed to deliver greater performance.. Graphics processor - The graphics processor is important for the smooth operation of the system and especially in games and other applications that may involve complex graphics and animations.. System memory - System memory, or RAM memory is the type of memory that the device uses to temporarily store data from the OS or currently-running apps. The more RAM available to the device, the better the performance will be when multiple or heavier programs are running.. Built-in storage - Bigger storage capacity allows you to keep more content saved onto your device, such as more applications, photos or video. Games and video content typically take up the biggest amount of storage space.. Storage expansion - Some handsets allow you to expand their storage capacity by using a memory expansion card – most often microSD. Expansion memory is mostly suitable for media storage, such as photo, video or music content.. Talk time 32.70 hours the average is 20 h (1229 min). Stand-by time 18.8 days (450 hours) the average is 21 days (502 h). Talk time (3G) 19.00 hours the average is 19 h (1147 min) 17.00 hours the average is 19 h (1147 min). Stand-by time (3G) 16.7 days (400 hours) the average is 25 days (590 h) 15.4 days (370 hours) the average is 25 days (590 h). Stand-by time (4G) 15.0 days (360 hours) the average is 23 days (549 h) 13.3 days (320 hours) the average is 23 days (549 h). Capacity - The bigger, the better! However, battery capacity is not the only factor that has an effect on battery life. Those include the chipset in use, the software running on the device, as well as the consumer's unique usage pattern.. Filter by Album, Artist, Genre, Playlists Album, Artist, Playlists. Features Album art cover, Background playback Album art cover, Background playback. GSM 850, 900, 1800, 1900 MHz 850, 900, 1800, 1900 MHz. UMTS 850, 900, 1900, 2100 MHz 850, 900, 1900, 2100 MHz. LTE (FDD) Bands 3, 1, 7 Bands 18, 5, 8, 3, 1, 7. Data LTE, HSPA, HSUPA, UMTS LTE Cat 3 (100/50 Mbit/s), HSDPA+ (4G) 42.2 Mbit/s, HSUPA 5.76 Mbit/s, UMTS. Sensors Accelerometer, Compass Accelerometer, Gyroscope, Compass, Thermometer, Gesture, Humidity, Barometer. Notifications Haptic feedback, Music ringtones (MP3), Polyphonic ringtones, Vibration, Flight mode, Silent mode, Speakerphone Service lights, Haptic feedback, Music ringtones (MP3), Polyphonic ringtones, Vibration, Flight mode, Silent mode, Speakerphone. Other features Voice dialing, Voice commands, Voice recording Voice dialing, Voice commands, Voice recording. Wi-Fi 802.11 b, g, n 802.11 a, b, g, n, dual-band, ac. Features Mass storage device, USB charging Mass storage device, USB Host, USB charging. Navigation Turn-by-turn navigation, Voice navigation Yes. Other Tethering, Computer sync, OTA sync NFC, Tethering, Computer sync, OTA sync, ANT+, Infrared. Positioning - This field shows the positioning systems supported by the device. The most common types are GPS and A-GPS.. GPS - This is one of the most widespread global positioning technologies, developed and maintained by the U.S. It uses satellites in order to detect your location. A-GPS - A-GPS stands for Assisted GPS and is the industry standard for positioning and navigation. “Assisted” means that it can use local wireless networks, in addition to satellites, for quicker and more precise localization.. Accessories Transceiver, Earphone, Travel Charger (1A), Data Cable, User Manual, Warranty Card, Protective Film, Transparent Cover. FCC ID value: A3LGTI9505 link. FCC approval - The Federal Communications Commission (FCC) is an independent United States government agency, directly responsible to Congress. The FCC was established by the Communications Act of 1934 and is charged with regulating interstate and international communications by radio, television, wire, satellite and cable. The FCC's jurisdiction covers the 50 states, the District of Columbia, and U.S. Every wireless phone device that is sold in the U.S. has to be tested and approved for sale by the FCC.. Date approved - Shows the date when the particular phone is approved by the Federal Communications Commission. FCC measured SAR - Working closely with federal health and safety agencies, such as the Food and Drug Administration (FDA), the FCC has adopted limits for safe exposure to radiofrequency (RF) energy. These limits are given in terms of a unit referred to as the Specific Absorption Rate (SAR), which is a measure of the amount of radio frequency energy absorbed by the body when using a mobile phone. The FCC requires cell phone manufacturers to ensure that their phones comply with these objective limits for safe exposure. Any cell phone at or below these SAR levels (that is, any phone legally sold in the U.S.) is a "safe" phone, as measured by these standards. The FCC limit for public exposure from cellular telephones is an SAR level of 1.6 watts per kilogram (1.6 W/kg).. To see the full specifications with in-depth details click here.. $129 Buy. Samsung Galaxy A8 (2018) Review 6.5. Sony Xperia XA2 and Xperia XA2 Ultra Review 7.8. Huawei Mate 10 Lite Review 8. Jabra Elite 65t wireless earphones Review 8.5. Samsung Galaxy Note 3 vs Samsung Galaxy Note 2. LG V30 Review 8.8. The Samsung Galaxy S9 and S9+ have game-changing cameras with variable aperture and 960fps slow-mo video recording. The Big Barcelona Camera Comparison: iPhone X vs Pixel 2 XL vs Note 8. Samsung Galaxy S9 and S9+ rumor review: Specs, design, features, price and release date. Sony presents Xperia XZ2 and XZ2 Compact: new design and Snapdragon 845. Galaxy S9 Exynos edition gets benchmarked against rivals!. Galaxy S9 first camera comparison vs iPhone X, V30, S8. Samsung Galaxy S9 & S9+ hands-on. MWC 2018: top smartphones to expect. Best smartphone you can buy in 2018. Allo is a quality app, but Google isn't giving it a real chance. All content (phone reviews, news, specs, info), design and layouts are Copyright 2001-2018 phoneArena.com. Reproduction in whole or in part or in any form or medium without written permission is prohibited! Privacy. 
The next video is starting stop. Gionee M5 Lite Review- Is It Worth The Price?. Want to watch this again later?. Sign in to add this video to a playlist.. Sign in to report inappropriate content.. Sign in to make your opinion count.. Sign in to make your opinion count.. The interactive transcript could not be loaded.. Rating is available when the video has been rented.. This feature is not available right now. Gionee Marathon M5 Lite Review- Is It Worth The Price? ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~ Buy now- http://fkrt.it/x6cyONNNNN ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~ Connect with us on: Website- http://www.intellectdigest.in/ Facebook- https://www.facebook.com/iDigestIndia Twitter- https://twitter.com/iDigestIndia Google+ - http://google.com/+IntellectdigestIn Connect With Rohit Khurana (man behind the camera) on: Facebook- https://www.facebook.com/rohitkhurana Twitter- https://twitter.com/rohit_khurana Google+ : http://google.com/+RohitKhurana Video by Intellect Digest - All rights reserved. All content used is copyright to Intellect Digest. Use or commercial display or editing of the content without proper authorization is not allowed.. When autoplay is enabled, a suggested video will automatically play next.. Gionee M5 lite, cleaning of camera glass. Gionee Marathon M5 Lite review, Benchmark, battery performance and more. 8 Most Useful Gadgets on Amazon Under $15. Top 10 USES of OTG Cable that will BLOW YOUR MIND!. LeEco Le 1s vs Gionee Marathon M5 Lite - Speed, Benchmark and Performance test. The Super Smartphone You've Never Heard Of.... [Hindi - हिन्दी] Gionee Marathon M5 Review. 6 Reasons why you should Buy Gionee Marathon M5. vs Samsung Galaxy J5 - Which Is Better?. Gionee Marathon M5 Lite Camera Review with Uncompressed Samples. Gionee Marathon M5 lite - Pattern Unlock By HardReset. Gionee Marathon M5 Lite review [UNBOXING, BENCHMARKS etc.]. Gionee Marathon M5 Mini Vs Gionee Marathon M5 Lite Comparison & Full Review. Gionee M5 Plus Unboxing And Hands On Review | Intellect Digest. Gionee S6 Smartphone Unboxing & Features - PhoneRadar. Gionee Marathon M5 Lite Review: Full Hands On With Camera Test & Samples, Performance And verdict. Gionee M5 Unboxing And Hands On Review. Gionee Elife S5.1 , Super Slim Phone - Unboxing & Hands On First Look. Gionee Marathon M5 Lite Unboxing & Hands On Review. Sign in to add this to Watch Later. 
Gionee Marathon M5 Lite Price in the Philippines and Specification. The Marathon M5 Lite is toned down version of the original M5. This smartphone has a 5 inch IPS oncell display and runs on Android Lollipop 5.1. Also packs a huge 4,000 mAh battery.. 5 inches IPS oncell, HD (... 2G, 3G, 4G (LTE), 32GB, 3GB ... Please wait for price information to be registered.. Video of Gionee Marathon M5 Lite. Gionee Marathon M5 Lite review, Benchmark, battery performance and more. Gionee Marathon M5 Lite Review: Full Hands On With Camera Test & Samples, Performance And verdict. Specs of Gionee Marathon M5 Lite. , Standby Time: 450Hr(2G), 400hr(3G), 360hr(4G). HSPA 42.2/11.5 Mbps, LTE Cat4 150/50 Mbps. 143 x 69.9 x 8.5 mm. Reviews of Gionee Marathon M5 Lite. Will you be the first reviewer of this product? Please share your experience.. Forum of Gionee Marathon M5 Lite. Let's post your questions on this product. You might receive fruitful information from others.. Compared to Gionee Marathon M5 Lite. 2G, 3G, 4G (LTE), 16GB, 3GB. 5.0 inches, HD (1280 x 720). 2G, 3G, 4G (LTE), 64GB, 6GB. 5.5 inches, FHD (1080 x 1... 2G, 3G, 4G (LTE), 64GB, 4GB. 2G, 3G, 4G (LTE), 64GB, 4GB. Most viewed ranking for Gionee Mobile Phones. View Mode: PC | Mobile. Please be aware that we cannot guarantee that all the information shown, such as prices, specs, images, etc. Prices and stock availability for each shop are always changing. If you are considering making a purchase, please refer to the merchant's page to ensure that you have the most up-to-date information. In order to use this website and its services, users must consent to and abide by the Terms of Use. By accessing or using any area of this website, you hereby agree to be legally bound and abide by the Terms.. Copyright © Priceprice.com All rights reserved. (Produced by kakaku.com that is Japan's No.1 Comparison Website). 
Click here to find mobiles using filters related to price, features, brands etc.. add to compare price alert. Dual Sim, 4G, 3G, Wi-Fi Quad Core, 1.3 GHz Processor 3 GB RAM, 32 GB inbuilt 4000 mAh Battery 5 inches, 720 x 1280 px display 8 MP Rear + 5 MP Front Camera Memory Card Supported, upto 128 GB Android, v5.1. Shipping: FREE 2-5 Business Days. Shipping: FREE 4-6 Business Days. Gionee Marathon M5 Lite (Gold, 32 GB). Shipping: FREE Delivery Time: NA. Gionee M5 Lite 4G (Blue, 32 GB). Shipping: FREE Delivery Time: NA. Shipping: FREE Delivery Time: NA. Shipping: FREE Delivery Time: NA. Gionee Marathon M5 Lite Price In India is Rs. You Can Buy Gionee Marathon M5 Lite Online After Finding Lowest Price Here. Gionee Marathon M5 Lite Updated On February 26, 2018.. General: Dual Sim Android, v5.1 Slim 4000 mAH Battery Display: Touch 5 inches 720 x 1280 pixels Camera: 8 MP AutoFocus Flash 1080p HD Video Recording 5 MP Front Camera Technical: 1.3 GHz, Quad Core Processor 3 GB RAM 32 GB Inbuilt Memory Memory Card Support, upto 128 GB Connectivity: 3G 4G WiFi with hotspot Bluetooth GPS Extra: FM Radio 3.5mm Headphone Jack. InFocus Turbo 5 (3GB RAM + 32GB). Use multiple sims at the same time. It allows you to use two services without the need to carry two mobile phones at the same time. Slimmer mobile phones are easier to carry and look more fashionable. Touch Displays offer a more interactive experience. Reading, browsing internet and watching videos is more pleasing experience on a bigger screen. Images, videos will look amazing on this sharp and clear screen. Text will be easier to read. Has a camera for taking photos. Having a camera flash allows you to take photos in low light. You can record videos of beautiful moments, sceneries and watch them later. Front Camera enables you to take your own photos and do videocalling (on supported devices). Memory cards give your device more storage capacity. So you can store more songs, photos and videos. More storage allows you to store more songs, videos, photos and install more applications. More cores result in better parallelism, meaning more tasks can be processed in parallel without slowing down the User Interface. Lots Of RAM means more applications can run at the same time, which makes the phone faster. 3G Enabled Handsets give you more download speed and a faster internet experience. 4G Enabled Handsets give you more download speed and a faster internet experience than 3G. You can connect to wifi hotspots in your area to experience a superior internet experience. Allows you to use your internet connection on your wifi enabled laptop. Bluetooth enables you to wirelessly listen to music and calls using bluetooth headsets. GPS is used for determining your location. You can get directions to a place with the help of GPS. Having 3.5mm Jack enables you to connect to large number of other devices (such as speakers, headphones) having 3.5mm Port. Detects motion as well as the orientation of a device (horizontally or vertically). Determines direction facing relative to North, East, West and South. Listen to your favourite radio stations on your phone. Enjoy music on the go with FM Radio. With long battery standby time, phone battery can last more days without charging in idle condition. With long battery talk time, you can talk on the phone continuously without charging.. Holding Heavy weight mobile phones for long time will make your arms tired. You can't use this to make calls over 4G network (a 3rd party app can be used instead though). You can't connect your phone to a TV.. Full Specifications Report An Error General Sim Type: GSM+GSM Dual Sim: Yes Device Type: Smartphone Design Dimensions: 143 x 69.9 x 8.5 mm Weight: 183 g Display Type: Color IPS screen Touch: Yes, with Multitouch Size: 5 inches, 720 x 1280 pixels PPI: ~ 294 PPI Memory RAM: 3 GB Internal: 32 GB inbuilt Card Slot: Yes, upto 128 GB Connectivity GPRS: Yes EDGE: Yes 3G: Yes, 11.5 Mbps Upload 4G: Yes Wifi: Yes, with wifi-hotspot Bluetooth: Yes, v4.0 USB: Yes, microUSB v2.0 Extra GPS: Yes, with A-GPS Support Sensors: Accelerometer, Compass 3.5mm Headphone Jack: Yes Camera Camera: Yes, 8 MP with autofocus Dual Camera: No Features: Face detection, Geo tagging, Touch to focus Video Recording: Yes, 1080p Flash: LED Front Camera: Yes, 5 MP Technical OS: Android, v5.1 (Lollipop) CPU: 1.3 GHz, Quad Core Processor GPU: Mali-T720 MP2 Multimedia FM Radio: Yes Battery Size: 4000 mAh, Li-Po Battery Standby time: 18.8 days, 16.7 days on 3G Talk time: 33 hours, 19 hours on 3G. No Expert reviews found for this mobile.. I bought it in 11500/- in Dec.,2016 , working nice, but camera quality very bad like china mobile, heating, battery charging time is 6-8 hours. 3GB, 32GB 4000 Mah 4G Metal Body Slim. Over Heating Hanging Heavy weight Camera quality not good in Night No Volte updates Processor 1.3 GHz Display 720*1280. Not bad you can buy it. * Ram * Rom * Battery * screen size * camera * hard phone. * Over heated when games are played * heavy weight * android version have been 6 * processor 1.3 * screen resolution 720 × 1280. 3gb ram Battery backup Smart and slim looking 4g sim. 3gb RAM 32gb ROM 4000 mah battery Super fast charge Great amigo OS 3.1 Camera 8mp but good. 1.3 gh processor 720p resolution Quad core. Gionee again a balance phone lauw. 3 gb ram 32 gb inbuilt 128 gb expand 4000 mah battery. 1.3 processor 8 mp camera 720×1280 screen Quad-core. Enter each Pro in new line.. Enter each Con in new line.. Who Viewed This Also Viewed .... Xiaomi Redmi Note 5 Pro (6GB RAM + 64GB). Gionee Mobiles Between 5000 and 10000. vs Gionee Marathon M5 Lite vs Gionee Marathon M3 vs Gionee Marathon M5 Lite vs Lenovo K6 Power vs Gionee Marathon M5 Lite vs Samsung Galaxy J7 vs Gionee Marathon M5 Lite vs Gionee F103 Pro vs Gionee Marathon M5 Lite vs Gionee A1. Sign up for our Newsletter :. Congratulations!!! You are now subscribed to our newsletter.. smartprix.com , All rights reserved. Recently Viewed By You ( 0 ). Add Another Product Add Another Product Add Another Product Add Another Product Add Another Product Add Another Product Add Another Product Add Another Product Add Another Product Add Another Product Add Another Product Add Another Product Add Another Product Add Another Product Add Another Product Add Another Product Add Another Product Add Another Product Add Another Product Add Another Product. Mobiles And Tablets 0 Laptops And Computers 0 Cameras 0 Personal Appliances 0 Mobile Accessories 0. your email will not be published. Select A Product From Search Suggestions. your email will not be published. --select-- Incorrect Price Incorrect/ Missing Product Detail Coupon Not Working Found Lowest Price Somewhere Else Just A Feedback Other Issue. Sign in with your email address.. Find, Compare and Buy all in one place. Sign up with your email address. Already have an account? Login. 
India World Cities Opinion Sports Entertainment Lifestyle Technology Viral Photos Videos ePaper. See More See Less. 25th Swayamsevak Samagam: Hindus have to unite, India’s responsibility is upon us, says RSS chief Mohan Bhagwat Oust ‘anti-people’ BJP govt from Haryana: Bhupinder Singh Hooda In Fact: Is Bengaluru about to run dry? India reaches out, invites Pakistan Minister for WTO talks in Delhi ‘Stalled projects’ is bad optics, so government moves to tweak label. Gionee Marathon M5 Lite #ExpressReview: You must really need that. Gionee Marathon M5 Lite will once again focus on delivering overall performance with battery being the USP. Technology Tech Reviews Gionee Marathon M5 Lite #ExpressReview: You must really need that. Rating: 3 out of 5. Gionee Marathon M5 Lite is a lighter version of its predecessor that comes with a 4,000 mAh battery and is here to make its way into the mid-budget segment. Gionee Marathon M5 Lite packs a huge 6,020 mAh battery, but priced lower than its predecessor, the Marathon M5 at Rs 20,000. The 8MP rear camera in the Gionee Marathon M5 Lite does a decent job while clicking pictures in ample light. (Click on he image to see in full resolution). Gionee Marathon M5 Lite will disappoint you if you try clicking selfies in low-light but again this is not something that we would expect in a phone a this price. (Click on the picture to see it in full resolution). Gionee Marathon M5 Lite does not feature a very impressive design. The phone is bulky at 183 gm.. Updated: May 6, 2017 3:13 pm. Gionee S10 Lite launched at Rs 15,999: Price, features and. specs Gionee A1 Plus, A1 Lite prices slashed by the company: All you need to. know Gionee S11, S11s and M7 Plus launched: Price,. Gionee , at MWC 2016 changed its brand logo and launched S8 smartphone with 3D touch. We have already seen a number of premium smartphones from the the Chinese smartphone maker including its flagship Elife E8 at Rs 34,999. The recent focus of Gionee however has also been big battery compact phones. The first in the series was Gionee Marathon M5, which was launched with a massive 6,020 mAh battery. Gionee Marathon M5 Lite is a lighter version of its predecessor that comes with a 4,000 mAh battery and is here to make its way into the mid-budget segment.. Gionee Marathon M5 Lite will once again focus on delivering overall performance with battery being the USP. Gionee Marathon M5 Lite packs a huge 6,020 mAh battery, but priced lower than its predecessor, the Marathon M5 at Rs 20,000. This one comes with a 5-inch HD screen and a minimalistic design. Specs: 5-inch HD display | Quad-core MediaTek MT6735 CPU | 3GB RAM | 32GB ROM (expandable up to 128GB) | 8MP rear camera + 5MP front | 4,000 mAh battery | Android Lollipop based Amigo 3.1 UI | Gionee Marathon M5 Lite full specs. Gionee has got the first and the basic thing in any smartphone right, a sharp display. The visibility is decent, even under bright sunlight. The phone may be a bit heavy given the large battery, but is not slippery, even without the plastic cover that came along with it.. The 8MP rear camera in the Gionee Marathon M5 Lite does a decent job while clicking pictures in ample light. The result in bright outdoors is decent, but in you are in for disappointment when you zoom into the pictures. The picture quality isn’t great enough to bring out the photographer in you, but it is okay for average use. The front camera too manages to shoot some decent selfies where there’s ample light. The camera comes with various modes such as HDR, Magic Focus, Panorama and Take Anytime that lets you pick the best shot.. Gionee has placed all its bets on Marathon M5 Lite’s battery and it does tend to last for a day and a half, but not as much as you would expect it to be. M5 comes with a 4,000 mAh battery that lasts for two days on minimal usage, which is great for an average user. Also, the smartphone did not disappoint us on the performance front. The UI is smooth and the processor allows easy multi-tasking, without letting the smartphone heat up.. The Smart Gestures feature is something that I liked except that one needs to be careful for it to work. You need to tame the gestures for them to work accurately on your phone. Also, you need to be accurate to keep your palm aligned with the screen, while using palm gestures. While some smart gestures are useful like Pause Alarm, Black screen gestures, others can be used as per convenience or mood.. Gionee Marathon M5 Lite does not feature a very impressive design. The phone is bulky at 183 gm. The smartphone has broad bezels at both the top and bottom, which uses up the screen size and does not look very good. This is not a very stylish phone and feels heavy too.. The Gionee Marathon M5 Lite take a very long time to get fully charged given the large battery. The device does not come with fast charging technology and is hence not recommended for people who are always on the run as it may take too long before your smartphone is ready to use again after full battery drain.. While Gionee Marathon M5 Lite does promise a huge battery on paper, it is average when it comes to overall performance. Also, the smartphone is bulky and not great on looks. So the need for better battery has to be more than that for basic features. My suggestion would be to explore other smartphone options available in the same price-bracket or less that offer a good battery and better specs. LeEco Le 1s, Lava Pixel V5, Huawei Honor 5X and Moto G3 seems good options at around the same price.. For all the latest Technology News , download Indian Express App. © IE Online Media Services Pvt Ltd. Gionee F6, F205 and Steel 3 launched: Price, specifications, and. Gionee F6, F205 smartphones with FullView display teased ahead of Nov 26. 1 Sridevi funeral LIVE UPDATES: The actor died of accidental drowning, says forensic report 2 Sridevi dies at 54, leaves India in shock 3 Highlights: Bollywood celebrities pay tribute to late actor Sridevi. Bihar hit-and-run case: FIR against BJP leader Manoj Baitha, RJD holds protest outside Assembly Delhi chief secretary assault case: Govt mulling live streaming of official meetings J-K: Militant killed after aides hurl grenade at police station to free him Opinion Populists are here to stay. They take revenge on soft targets and make people dream Opinion Union Budget 2018 has laid the ground for a higher and sustained economic growth. Entertainment Sridevi forensic report: The actor died of accidental drowning Entertainment Sridevi death: Everything you wanted to ask, but didn’t Entertainment Here's why Sridevi and Kamal Haasan pairing is irreplaceable Trending One leg or two? Viral photos of this model leave Twitterati puzzled Trending Video: Netizens debate if this ad showing a 'tough mother' is patriarchal or humane. LIVE UPDATES: Defence Minister was buying fish in Goa when PM inked Rafale deal, says Rahul Gandhi The next North Korea? China pushes back against criticism of plan for President Xi Jinping to stay in power Shiv Sena to contest Lok Sabha polls in Goa in alliance with GSM: Sanjay Raut In the wake of PNB fraud, Bank unions drop March 15 strike plan Sports Ganguly was warned before Chappell appointment Sports R Ashwin to lead KXIP in IPL 2018 Lifestyle Sridevi: From Queen Bee to Style Star Sridevi as a timeless beauty and fashion icon through the years Technology Samsung Galaxy S9, Galaxy S9+ First impressions and FAQs Technology Samsung Galaxy S9+ vs Apple iPhone X: What's the difference?. Samsung Galaxy S9+ vs Apple iPhone X: What’s the. difference? Large number of militants waiting at launch pads across LoC, says Lt General A K. Bhatt BJP CMs meeting on Wednesday to discuss simultaneous polls, says Shivraj Singh. Chouhan I think there’s a future for Adil Rashid and Alex Hales in Test cricket: Joe. Root J-K government seeks explanation from officer for alleged disrespect to national. Kanhaiya Kumar’s ‘azadi’ speech gets people to demand ‘azadi’ from daily-life. placement 2016: Average salary up by. MWC 2018: Nokia 7 Plus with 18:9 display launched; price, specs and. more MWC 2018: Nokia 1 Android Oreo (Go Edition) launched at. $85 MWC 2018 LIVE UPDATES: Sony Xperia XZ2, Xperia XZ2 Compact with reduced bezels, Ear Duo headsets. Please reload and try again !!!. Copyright © 2018 The Indian Express [P] Ltd. 
Gionee Marathon M5 Lite ›. If price drops within 30 days, you will get difference money back. Gionee Marathon M5 Lite (Gold). 10 Days Replacement Policy ?. M5 Lite is flagship model of Gionee's Marathon Series, which is known to provide excellent battery back up for the extensive smartphone users. With M5 Lite you can have almost 40 Hours of talk-time thanks to it's 4000 mAh Battery. The phone have even got 5-Inch HD IPS Display with Dragontrail glass protection , which is scratch resistant. The phone is clad with full metal body with elegant mirror design. M5 Lite is dual-sim 4G network. You can get optimum performance and speed with 1.3GHz Quad Core processor coupled with 3GB RAM. M5 Lite boasts 8MP Rear Camera & 5MP Front Camera. The phone is supported by standard 1 year manufacturer's warranty.. You can also buy M5 Lite smart phones on easy EMIs on OnlyMobiles.. Gionee Marathon M5 Lite Specifications. - Processor: 1.3 GHz Quad Core. Handset, Earphone, Travel Charger, Data Cable, User Manual, Warranty Card, Protective Film, Transperant Cover. WLAN Direct, Auto Call Record, Mobile Security, Compass, Smart Gesture, Tethering & Hotspot , Theme Park, Chameleon, Eco Mode, Ami Locker. GSM / 2G / 3G / 4G / LTE. Geo-Tagging, Panorama, HDR, Take Anytime, Professional, Magic Focus, Face Beauty, Pic Note. 850 / 900 / 1800 / 1900MHz. 1 year manufacturer warranty for Phone and 6 months warranty for in the box accessories. For More details, Please refer Manufacturer's website. Gionee Marathon M5 Lite Customer Reviews. Gionee Marathon M5 Lite QUESTIONS AND ANSWERS. We’re glad you shared the question with OnlyMobiles.com! Our Tech Enthusiast will get back to you at the earliest!. In the meantime, do keep an eye on your mail box. We will keep you posted with the updates!. Nokia 5 3GB RAM (Tempered Blue). Lenovo K8 Note 3GB RAM (Venom Black). Motorola G Turbo Edition 2GB RAM (Black). All major credit & debit cards accepted. If price drops within 30 days, you will get difference money back. 
Updated on: 26th February 2018. Gionee Marathon M5 Lite Price in India Gionee Marathon M5 Lite Price Starts from Rs. 7990 Gionee Marathon M5 Lite Price in India. 4994 Gionee Marathon M5 Lite Details Buy Gionee Marathon M5 Lite for Rs. 7990 on Amazon.in Lowest price of Gionee Marathon M5 Lite was obtained on 26 Feb 2018 Latest price of Gionee Marathon M5 Lite in India was fetched online from Flipkart, Amazon, Snapdeal, Shopclues, eBay and Tata Cliq. The above listed sellers provide delivery in several cities including New Delhi, Bangalore, Mumbai, Hyderabad, Chennai, Pune, Kolkata, Ahmedabad, Lucknow & more. Features of Gionee Marathon M5 Lite. Home Mobile Prices. (Roll over image to zoom in). View All 2 Online Stores Set Price Drop Alert. Blue Grey from Rs. 5 star 4 stars 3 stars 2 stars 1 stars. Screen Size : 5.0 inch Internal Memory : 32 GB RAM : 3 GB Primary Camera : 8 MP Battery Capacity : 4000 mAh OS Version : Android 5.1 Processor Speed : 1.3 Ghz Processor Type : Quad Core Secondary Camera : 5 MP. Features & Score (view all). Product colour / variants Price Sort by Relevancy Price Low-High Price High-Low Store Rating. Gionee Marathon M5 Lite (Gold, 32 GB)(3 GB RAM). Gionee Marathon M5 Lite 32GB (Gold). Gionee Marathon M5 Lite 32 GB (Gold) 3 GB RAM, Dual SIM Not Available Check Now. Didn't find the right price? Set price drop alert now. We'll notify you as soon as the price drops. The best price for Gionee Marathon M5 Lite Price is Rs. The price list was fetched from top online stores in India and was last refreshed on 26 Feb 2018. Lenovo K6 Note 32 GB with 4 GB RAM. Average score in this price range. Best score in this price range. Group Rank : #87 out of 248 Mobiles. Overall Rank : #436 out of. Lenovo K6 Power 32 GB with 3 GB RAM. Lenovo Vibe K5 Plus 3GB RAM. Lenovo Vibe K5 Plus 2GB RAM. Lenovo K6 Power 32 GB with 3 GB RAM. Panasonic Eluga Ray Max 32 GB 4 GB RAM. Asus Zenfone 2 ZE551ML-6G480WW 32 GB. Panasonic Eluga Ray Max 32 GB 4 GB RAM. Asus Zenfone 3 Max 32 GB with 2 GB RAM. Lenovo K6 Note 32 GB with 4 GB RAM. Lenovo K6 Note 32 GB with 3 GB RAM. Infinix Hot S3 32 GB with 3 GB RAM. Lenovo K6 Power 32 GB with 3 GB RAM. Asus Zenfone 2 ZE551ML-6G480WW 32 GB. Asus Zenfone 2 ZE551ML-6A478WW 32 GB. Asus ZenFone Max 32 GB with 2 GB RAM. based on 2 ratings Reviews Not Available. based on 1157 ratings Read 249 Reviews. based on 143 ratings Read 143 Reviews. Motorola Moto X4 64 GB with 4 GB Ram. Samsung Galaxy Core Prime Lenovo A6010 Asus ZenFone 2 Laser ZE550KL 16 .... HTC Desire 728G Dual SIM Lava V5. Price too high? Get instant price drop alert by Email. Gionee Marathon M5 Lite Oops, this product is currently not available.. About Us Contact Us Terms Our Blog. Our Apps: Follow us:. 
Sign Up Login My Account ▾ Compare ▾. Mobiles ▾ Laptops ▾ Tablets ▾ Smartwatches ▾ TVs ▾ Refrigerators ▾ Microwaves ▾ Washing Machines ▾ Air Conditioners ▾ More Categories ▾. Samsung Apple OnePlus Motorola Xiaomi Asus Oppo Vivo. Upto Rs 5,000 Upto Rs 10,000 Upto Rs 15,000 Upto Rs 20,000 Upto Rs 30,000 View All Mobiles. 4G Phones Big Battery 4GB RAM Big Screen Android Mobile Phones 32GB Storage Fingerprint scanner. Dell HP Lenovo Apple Acer Asus. 10,000 Up to Rs. 15,000 Up to Rs. 20,000 Up to Rs. 30,000 Up to Rs. 40,000 Up to Rs. 50,000 Up to Rs. 2 in 1 Laptops Core i5 Laptops Touchscreen Laptops Full HD Laptops 8GB RAM Laptops Core i7 Laptops Laptops with SSD. Apple Samsung Lenovo Micromax Asus Microsoft. 10,000 Up to Rs. 15,000 Up to Rs. 20,000 Up to Rs. 30,000 Up to Rs. Tablet with Calling Facility 4G Tablets All iPads Samsung Galaxy Tablets 3G Tablets. Apple Motorola LG Samsung. 10,000 Up to Rs. 20,000 Up to Rs. 30,000 Up to Rs. Samsung Sony LG VU Videocon Panasonic Onida Philips. 10,000 Up to Rs. 20,000 Up to Rs. 30,000 Up to Rs. 40,000 Up to Rs. 3D TVs Curved TVs Smart TVs 32-inch TVs 40-inch TVs LED TVs Full HD TVs. Samsung LG Whirlpool Videocon Godrej Haier Panasonic Electrolux. 10,000 Up to Rs. 20,000 Up to Rs. 30,000 Up to Rs. 40,000 Up to Rs. Single Door Refrigerators Double Door Refrigerators Triple Door Refrigerators Mini Refrigerators Refrigerators with water dispenser 5 Star Rated Refrigerators. LG Samsung IFB Bajaj Electrolux Onida Kenstar Godrej. 5,000 Up to Rs. 7,000 Up to Rs. 10,000 Up to Rs. 15,000 Up to Rs. Grill Microwave Ovens Convection Microwave Ovens Microwave Oven with Convection and Grill Microwave Oven with 1 Year Warranty Microwave Oven with 2 Year Warranty. LG Samsung Panasonic IFB Videocon Whirlpool Bosch Godrej. 10,000 Up to Rs. 20,000 Up to Rs. 30,000 Up to Rs. 50,000 Up to Rs. 60,000 View All Washing Machines. Fully Automatic Washing Machines Semi Automatic Washing Machines Top Loading Washing Machines Front Loading Washing Machines Washer and Dryer Washing Machine with Heater. Voltas Samsung LG Mitsubishi Whirlpool Blue Star General Hitachi. 25,000 Up to Rs. 30,000 Up to Rs. 35,000 Up to Rs. 40,000 Up to Rs. 50,000 Up to Rs. 60,000 View All Air Conditioners. 5 Star Rated Air Conditioners 4 Star Rated Air Conditioners 3 Star Rated Air Conditioners 1.5 Ton Split Air Conditioners 1 Ton Split Air Conditioners Window Air Conditioners Split Air Conditioners. Printers External Hard Disks (HDD) Routers Point and Shoot Cameras DSLR Cameras Fitness Tracker Gaming Consoles. Home Mobile Phones Gionee Gionee Marathon M5 Lite. Price Specs Quick Review Video News Similar User Reviews Write a Review. Gionee Marathon M5 Lite Price by. 74 Value For Money Better Options?. We calculate this score by comparing the specs, price & brand of this product to similarly priced products.. / 10 General Specifications 9. Save Money - Get Price Drop Alerts!. Great! Don't forget to click the confirmation link sent to your email.. Quick Review of Gionee Marathon M5 Lite. Sharp enough display with a pixel density of 294PPI and Asahi Dragontrail Glass protection Ample 3GB of RAM for better multitasking experience Excellent battery backup with the 4000mAh unit 32GB of internal storage Stunning Metal Unibody design. Average processor performance Still runs on oudated Android 5.1 Lollipop with lots of bloatware pre-installed Average camera performance. Buy Gionee Marathon M5 Lite In India at These Prices. 12,899 Go to Store Gold - Out of Stock. Extra 5% off* with Axis Bank Buzz Credit Card. First time mobile buyers, Get Extra 10% off on your next purchase on select fashion products. Get additional discount of 5% on online payment. Gold - Out of Stock Gold - Out of Stock Blue - Out of Stock Blue - Out of Stock Gold - Out of Stock Gold - Out of Stock Gold - Out of Stock. Airtel Payments Bank: Get 10% Cashback*, Max cashback Rs 250. Vodafone m-pesa: Get 5% Cashback*, Max cashback Rs 150. Freecharge: Get 15% Cashback*, Max cashback Rs 75. Mobikwik: Get 20% SuperCash*, Max Cashback of Rs 500. Gionee Marathon M5 Lite Full Features & Specifications. / 10 See Better Options Screen Size 5 inch Screen Resolution 1280 x 720 pixels Screen Type LCD Pixel Density 294 PPI Screen Protection Asahi Dragontrail Glass Bezel Less No Chipset. / 10 See Better Options Brand MediaTek Processor Speed 1.3GHz Processor MediaTek MT6735 Processor Type Quad-Core RAM 3GB 8. / 10 Graphics Mali-T720 MP2 Camera. / 10 See Better Options Rear Camera Resolution 8MP Dual Rear Camera No Front Camera Resolution 5MP Dual Selfie Camera No Camera Details Geo-tagging, Touch Focus, Face/Smile Detection, Panorama, HDR Video Recording Resolution Full HD Video Recording (1080p) Camera Features Autofocus, LED Flash General Specifications Operating System Android OS Version Android 5.1 Lollipop Device Type Touchscreen USB Connector Type Micro USB Features GPS, FM Radio Sensors Accelerometer, Proximity Sensor, Magnetometer, Ambient Light Dimensions (mm) 143 x 69.9 x 8.5 Weight 183 grams Connectivity 4G LTE (India Compatible), 3G, 2G, WiFi, Bluetooth Headphone Jack Type 3.5mm Color Gold, Blue, Black Build Material Metal Unibody Device Warranty 1 Year Warranty Details 1 Year Manufacturer Warranty and 6 Months for Accessories In The Box Device, Charger & Cable Separate, Earphone, User Manual, Warranty Card, Cover, Screen Guard Storage. / 10 See Better Options Internal Storage 32GB Approx. User Available Storage 24.78GB Card Slot Yes, MicroSD Maximum Card Slot Capacity 128GB OTG Support Yes Communication SIM Card Slots Dual Network Type GSM SIM Card Type Micro SIM SIM 1 Details 4G, 3G, 2G, Micro SIM SIM 2 Details 4G, 3G, 2G, Micro SIM Hybrid SIM (microSD + SIM) No 2G Bands GSM 850 / 900 / 1800 / 1900 3G Bands HSDPA 900 / 1900 / 2100 4G Bands LTE band 1(2100), 3(1800), 7(2600), 40(2300) Battery. / 10 See Better Options Battery Capacity 4000mAh Battery Type Lithium-Polymer (Li-Po) Removable Battery No Wireless Charging No Fast Charging No. Note: Scores are assigned in comparison to similarly priced products. Gionee Marathon M5 Lite Price in India. for Gionee Marathon M5 Lite collected from popular online stores. Pricebaba does not charge you anything extra for its services.. Pricebaba can help you save Rs. Flipkart, Amazon , eBay & Shopclues. is available for buying Gionee Marathon M5 Lite if you are using your credit card. Cash on Delivery (COD) can also be availed depending on your location. Gionee Marathon M5 Lite can be delivered at the above price across 100's of Indian cities including. Gionee Marathon M5 Lite Price In India. by setting a price drop alert with us. We expect all sellers listed above to provide a valid tax invoice for any purchase you make.. Gionee Marathon M5 Lite All Prices. Seller(s) of Gionee Marathon M5 Lite Latest Price Amazon.in Rs. The phone sports a 5 inch HD (1280x720 pixels) display giving it a pixel density of 294PPI. And there is Asahi Dragontail Glass for protection. On the inside the phone runs on MediaTek MT6735 Quad Core chip clocked at 1.3GHz and combined with it is 3GB RAM. In terms of camera, the phone has got a 8MP rear shooter with LED Flash & on the front lies a 5MP camera sensor. The rear camera can record videos up to 1080p. At the bottom of the back of the device sits a dual firing Stereo Speakers. The phone supports Dual SIMs & both of the SIM slots support 4G. Gionee Marathon M5 Lite comes with 32GB internal storage of which around 23GB is available for the user. Also, the storage can be expanded up to 128GB via a MicroSD card. The phone runs on Android Lollipop (5.1) out of the box with Gionee’s Amigo OS skin over the top. All this powered by a massive 4000mAh non-removable battery. Is this phone good for gaming purposes?. Ans: For this price range the Marathon M5 Lite has an average gaming performance. Don't expect it to hold for graphics heavy gaming. But a Quad-core processor with 3GB RAM is not bad either! Does this support USB OTG? Ans: Yes, supported. You may need to buy the cable for it separately. Does the Marathon M5 have a removable battery?. Ans: The battery on the M5 Lite is very decent at 4000mAh, but it is not removable. Is the phone very heavy? Weight? Ans: Yes, at 183 gms it would qualify as a heavy phone. Specially since it has a 5" screen. What charging connector does this phone have? Ans: A standard Micro USB slot for data & charging. What is the storage that this phone gives me for apps & media?. Ans: While the storage is 32GB, you get around 23.5GB to play with. There is option to expand with Micro SD card though. Camera? Is the Marathon M5 any good for selfies? Ans: The camera is very average! If you really want a better camera at this price range, look at Zenfone Selfie or Zuk Z1. Ans: 4G will work with Jio, but VoLTE is not supported. That means you will have to use Jio's app for making or receiving calls.. Below are the specifications for Gionee Marathon M5 Lite:. Motorola Moto G Turbo Edition Xiaomi Redmi Note 3 Find out more options under 15,000 here. FAQs - Frequently Asked Questions About Gionee Marathon M5 Lite:. Video About Gionee Marathon M5 Lite. Gionee Marathon M5 Lite Price History. Save Money - Get Price Drop Alerts!. Great! Don't forget to click the confirmation link sent to your email.. 4G Mobile Phones Price Top Selling Mobile Phones Price In India Android Mobile Phones Price All Mobiles Price In India Phones Between Rs. 10,000 Price Budget Mobile Phones (Low Cost) Price In India Upcoming Mobile Phones Price Mobile Phones With 3GB RAM Price In India VoLTE Phones under Rs. 10000 Price Gfive Mobile Phones Price In India. Xiaomi Redmi Note 5 Xiaomi Redmi 5 Xiaomi Redmi 4 Prime Itel it1518 Huawei Honor 6S Sony Xperia L1. Have you used this product? Write a review of Gionee Marathon M5 Lite. If you own Gionee Marathon M5 Lite, please do leave your feedback too. Your review would help fellow shoppers take an informed decision.. 5 4 3 2 1 Submit. (Each pro separated by new line). (Each con separated by new line). Articles Related to Gionee Marathon M5 Lite. M-tech Foto 3 – Dual Rear Cameras for Rs. Redmi Note 5 and Note 5 Pro Launched in India, Starting at Rs. Budget Friendly Comio S1 Lite and C2 Lite Launched. An Interesting Story of How Google’s Find my Device Helped Recover a Lost Sma.... Moto Z2 Force Goes Official for Rs. 34,999 in India with Unbreakable Display,.... Intex Aqua Lions T1 Lite With Selfie Flash Launched. Nokia 7 Plus and Nokia 1 Leaked Yet Again. Ziox Duopix F9 with Dual Selfie Cameras Launched. Infinix Hot S3 with 20MP Selfie Camera Launched in India starting at Rs. iPhone Prices in India Increase for the Second Time in 3 Months. Smartron t.Phone P Launched: A Phone with an Unusual Name and a Massive Battery. Nokia 7 Plus Images and Specifications Leaked. Similar to Gionee Marathon M5 Lite. Talk about Gionee Marathon M5 Lite, ask your questions!. Please enable JavaScript to view the comments.. 9,199 is the Best Price In India for Gionee Marathon M5 Lite, last updated on February 26, 2018. Samsung Mobile Android Smartphones Vivo Mobiles in India Xiaomi Mi Phones LYF Mobiles All Brands. Home Blog About Us FAQs Contact Us Careers Terms of use Privacy Policy. 100 Million Smiles & Counting Phone Checker App. © 2012-2018 Pricebaba ™ All rights reserved. All trademarks / logos / brands are the property of their respective owners.. Report an error on this page. 
Hi ( Sign in to bid or buy) Deals Sell Help & Contact Track My Order My PaisaPay. Summary Recently Viewed Bids/Offers Watch List Purchase History Selling Saved Searches Saved Sellers Messages. Gionee Marathon M5 Lite (Gold) | 4000mAH | 32gb | 8mp | LTE | REFURBISHED. Photos not available for this variation. Mouse over to Zoom - Click to enlarge. Gionee Marathon M5 Lite (Gold) | 4000mAH | 32gb | 8mp | LTE | REFURBISHED. USE CODE REFURB5000, GET 8% OFF ON PREPAID ORDERS. “ 8% OFF, Max Disc: 5000, Valid till 9th March ”. Please enter a quantity of $qty_dummy$ or less. Please enter a quantity of 1. Purchases are limited to $qty_dummy$ per buyer. Please enter quantity of 1 or more. Choose quantity that is less than $qty_dummy1$ or equal to $qty_dummy$. You can only choose quantity that is equal to $qty_dummy$. No additional import charges at delivery!. This item will be shipped through the Global Shipping Program and includes international tracking. Learn more - opens in a new window or tab. Flat Rate Courier - Delivery anywhere in India. (Credit card, EMI, Debit card, Online Bank Transfer) ,. International shipping and import charges paid to Pitney Bowes Inc. Learn More - opens in a new window or tab. International shipping and import charges paid to Pitney Bowes Inc. Learn More - opens in a new window or tab. Any international shipping and import charges are paid in part to Pitney Bowes Inc. Learn More - opens in a new window or tab. International shipping paid to Pitney Bowes Inc. Learn More - opens in a new window or tab. Any international shipping is paid in part to Pitney Bowes Inc. Learn More - opens in a new window or tab. Replacement and refund for this product is covered through. Report item - opens in a new window or tab. Seller assumes all responsibility for this listing.. “ 8% OFF, Max Disc: 5000, Valid till 9th March ”. An item that has been professionally restored to working order by a manufacturer-approved vendor. This means the product has been inspected, cleaned and repaired to meet manufacturer specifications and is in excellent condition. This item may or may not be in its original packaging. See the seller’s listing for full details. See all condition definitions - opens in a new window or tab. Questions and answers about this item. No questions or answers have been posted about this item.. Ask a question - opens in a new window or tab. Seller assumes all responsibility for this listing.. This item will ship to India , but the seller has not specified shipping options. Contact the seller - opens in a new window or tab and request a shipping method to your location.. Please enter a valid ZIP Code.. Item location: BANGALORE, KA, India. Please enter a number less than or equal to 1.. Please enter a valid ZIP Code.. Please enter 5 or 9 numbers for the ZIP Code.. Flat Rate Courier - Delivery anywhere in India. *Sellers are not responsible for service transit time. Transit times are provided by the carrier, excluding weekends and holidays, and may vary with package origin and destination, particularly during peak periods.. Replacement and refund for this product is covered through eBay Guarantee. Credit / Debit card and online bank transfer:. Pay for this item in easy 3 or 6 months installments!. (EMI payments valid only for ICICI, HDFC or Citibank credit cards. Use PaisaPay, complete your purchase on eBay!. PaisaPay sends your money to the seller after you get the item. Most items are shipped within 2 days of payment. Replacement or Refund if you are not 100% satisfied*. Know more | *T&C apply. Available for orders up to Rs. 25000 and to COD supported locations only. Total payable amount is displayed when you review your order. (estimated and based on max bid). By clicking Confirm bid , you commit to buy this item from the seller if you are the winning bidder.. By clicking Confirm bid , you are committing to buy this item from the seller if you are the winning bidder and have read and agree to the Global Shipping Program terms and conditions - opens in a new window or tab. Import charges previously quoted are subject to change if you increase you maximum bid amount.. Resume bidding , if the page does not update immediately.. Don't let it get away - bid again!. , you're the highest bidder on this item. , you're currently the high bidder, but you're close to getting outbid.. , this auction is almost over and you're currently the high bidder.. , you're the high bidder, but the reserve price hasn't been met.. Please enter a valid number as the bid price.. Enter an amount that is equal or greater than the minimum bid required. This can be found under the bid entry box.. Maximum bids can't be lowered once they're submitted.. This seller requires the buyer to have a PayPal account to purchase this item. Get a PayPal account here .. Your bid is greater than or equal to the Buy It Now price. We recommend you purchase this item via Buy It Now. If you still wish to bid, you may do so below.. By clicking 1 Click Bid , you commit to buy this item from the seller if you're the winning bidder. Learn more about 1-click bid - opens in a new window or tab. Congrats! The auction has ended and you're the winner.. The auction has ended, but the reserve price was not met.. Sorry, the auction has ended and you were outbid.. Good news, you're the high bidder.. You're the high bidder, but the reserve price is not met.. Please enter a higher amount than the current bid.. Maximum bids cannot be lowered once submitted.. Site Map © 2018 eBay India Private Limited. User Agreement , User Privacy Notice , Cookies. Norton Secured - powered by Verisign. 
Mobiles / Gionee Mobile Phones / Gionee M5 Lite Price in India. Market Status: Available in India User Visits: 908 Launch Date in India: 11 January, 2016 Compare. The Chinese handset maker, Gionee also is slowly expanding its smartphone lineup in the country and some devices are worth a mention. One such handset is the recently launched Marathon M5, which comes with a long lasting battery and impressive specifications. Now, the handset maker has launched a new device called Gionee Marathon M5 Lite, which is a stripped down version of Marathon M5. This handset packs similar looks as that of its elder sibling and offers good specifications. Here is a brief overview of the handset so that our readers can decide.. Gionee Marathon M5 Lite comes with standard bar form factor and polycarbonate make, which is a standard in most devices these days. However, the contrast between glossy sheen on the sides of the handset and matte finish on front and back panel is quite attractive.. Gionee has equipped the new handset with a decent 5-inch display that one can enjoy playing games and watch movies on. The resolution offered by the display has been pegged at 1280 x 720 pixels so that users can enjoy multimedia content in HD quality.. Gionee is offering the new device with the last generation Android 5.1.1 Lollipop operating system out of the box for a ready to use smoothness. However, the user experience is further improved upon by Gionee's Amigo UI, which is a drawer-less interface for ease of usage.. The Chinese brand has equipped its latest smartphone with a Quad-core processor that has been clocked at 1.3 GHz. Gionee has coupled the new handset with a massive 3 GB of RAM so that the device does not lag while handling any kind of tasks and processes. There is a 4000 mAh battery under the rear panel of this smartphone that can last a whole day on a full charge, quite easily.. Gionee has placed an 8 Megapixels primary snapper on the rear panel of the new device for photography lovers. The front panel of this handset also features a powerful 5 Megapixels snapper for selfie lovers.. This dual-SIM handset features support for both 4G LTE and 3G for an enhanced Internet browsing experience for its users. The handset also has connectivity options like Wi-Fi, Wi-Fi Direct, Bluetooth, microUSB and GPS.. Gionee has delivered a lot of impressive handsets in the past and Marathon M5 happens to be one of these handsets. The new Marathon M5 Lite retains most impressive features from its elder sibling and might come with a reduced price tag. If this handset is priced under INR 15,000, it is most likely to find favor from Indian customers.. Gionee M5 Lite Price in India. 11,999 .00. Extra 5% off with Axis Bank Buzz Credit Card Apply for Credit Card @ BankBazaar».. First time mobile buyers, Get Extra 10% off on your next purchase on select fashion products.. 9,199 .00. 4,994 .00. Gionee M5 Lite Price in India starts from. The lowest Gionee M5 Lite price in India is. 4,994 at Croma.com on 26 February, 2018. available on flipkart.com, amazon.in and croma.com. You can avail the option of Cash on Delivery (COD) and. The Gionee M5 Lite is available in Blue and Gold. The price is valid in all major cities of India including Bangalore, Hyderabad,. All prices are in Indian Rupees.. 3 /5 (526 User Reviews). Extra 5% off with Axis Bank Buzz Credit Card Apply for Credit Card @ BankBazaar».. First time mobile buyers, Get Extra 10% off on your next purchase on select fashion products.. Apply for a credit card on bankbazaar.com, and get free Amazon vouchers worth Rs. 1.3 GHz Quad Core 3 GB RAM 32 GB Storage 5.0" (12.7 cm) Display 4000 mAh Battery 8 MP Rear Camera 5 MP Front Camera Dual SIM No Quick Charging. We will notify you as soon as price of Gionee M5 Lite Drops from 9,199. Also get the latest launches, top stories & best deals right in your inbox.. We will notify you as soon as price of Gionee M5 Lite Drops from 9,199. Case: Metal Back: Metal Side: Metal. 143 x 69.9 x 8.5 mm. 1.3 GHz Quad core 64 bit (Cortex A53). Light sensor, Proximity sensor, Accelerometer, Compass. Geo tagging, High Dynamic Range mode (HDR). Handset with built-in Battery, Charger, Earphone, USB Cable, User Manual, Warranty Card. Disclaimer: The specifications shown may be different from actual. Please confirm with the retailer site before purchasing.. Lenovo Vibe K5 Plus 3GB RAM. Compare Gionee M5 Lite vs Gionee F103 Pro. Compare Gionee M5 Lite vs Gionee S6s. Compare Gionee M5 Lite vs Lenovo K5 Note. Compare Gionee M5 Lite vs Lenovo K6 Power 32GB. Compare Gionee M5 Lite vs Xiaomi Redmi Note 3 32GB. Compare Gionee M5 Lite vs Xiaomi Redmi Note 4. Compare Gionee M5 Lite vs Gionee P7 Max. Compare Gionee M5 Lite vs Oppo A37. Compare Gionee M5 Lite vs Coolpad Note 5. Compare Gionee M5 Lite vs Lenovo Vibe K5 Plus 3GB RAM. Compare Gionee M5 Lite vs Asus Zenfone 3 Max. Compare Gionee M5 Lite vs Lenovo K4 Note. Compare Gionee M5 Lite vs Gionee M5 Marathon Plus. Compare Gionee M5 Lite vs Samsung Galaxy J2 2016. Compare Gionee M5 Lite vs Samsung Galaxy J7 2016. Compare Gionee M5 Lite vs Gionee Elife S6. Gionee Mobiles Upcoming Gionee Mobiles Gionee Mobiles Between 10000 To 15000 Gionee Mobiles Under 8000 Gionee 4G Mobiles Gionee Fingerprint Scanner Mobiles Gionee 4GB RAM Mobiles Gionee 4G Mobiles Under 10000. Upcoming Mobiles Latest Mobiles Best 4G Mobiles Best Fingerprint Scanner Mobiles Best Mobiles Best 4GB RAM Mobiles Best Waterproof Mobiles Best Android Mobiles Best Camera Mobiles Best Keypad Mobiles. Xiaomi Mobiles Nokia Mobiles Vivo Mobiles Oppo Mobiles Lenovo Mobiles Gionee Mobiles Sony Mobiles HTC Mobiles Apple Mobiles Samsung Mobiles. Overview Review Prices Specs Alternatives. 
Largest Gadget Discovery Site in India. OnePlus 5T Xiaomi Redmi 5A Apple iPhone X Honor 7X Oppo F5. Gionee M5 Lite Price in India. Updated on: Feb 26, 2018. Market status: Available in India. A popular company from China, Gionee entered the Indian markets in 2012. The company has come out with various innovative handsets from time to time such as the 'slimmest phone' or 'phone with highest battery capacity'.. Gionee has above 900 service centres all over India.. Toll Free Number: 1800 208 1166. Overview Prices User Reviews Specs competitors Q&A. Gionee M5 Lite details Average clock speed Read more. Great battery back life Large internal memory High RAM Affordable. The Gionee Marathon M5 Lite comes flaunting a large battery in budget. The phone looks and feels premium and also has a meaty RAM capacity to handle gaming and multitasking needs with ease. Add to that a large internal memory, and you are all set. The processor clock-speed could have been a little bit more though. if you want a phone for non-stop entertainment.. A powerful phone with massive battery. The Gionee Marathon M5 Lite looks premium courtesy the aviation-grade aluminum alloy it has been carved out of. The phone sports a 5.0-inch IPS LCD HD display with a resolution of 294ppi. A 1.3GHz 64-bit quad-core MediaTek processor purrs under the hood, coupled with 3GB of RAM and a Mali T720 graphics processor. The Gionee Marathon M5 Lite runs Amigo 3.o, which uses Android 5.1 Lollipop as its base.. The camera specs include an 8MP autofocus rear snapper with an LED flash, face detection, autofocus, HDR etc for clicking memorable shots even in dimly lit conditions. It can also be used for recording full HD videos at 30fps. On the front, there is a quality 5MP snapper for taking great selfies. It houses a large internal memory of 32GB which is further expandable up to 128GB.. Connectivity-wise, it offers 4G LTE (Indian bands supported), Bluetooth 4.0, Wi-Fi, GPS,. It boasts of a beefy battery of 4,000mAh which is rated to deliver up to 19 hours of talktime on 3G mode.. Gionee M5 Lite PRICE IN INDIA. Gionee M5 Lite price in India starts from Rs. The lowest price of Gionee M5 Lite is Rs. The latest price of this phone is updated on Feb 26, 2018.. Extra 5% off with Axis Bank Buzz Credit Card Apply for Credit Card @ BankBazaar». First time mobile buyers, Get Extra 10% off on your next purchase on select fashion products. Extra 5% off with Axis Bank Buzz Credit Card. Extra 5% off with Axis Bank Buzz Credit Card Apply for Credit Card @ BankBazaar» .. First time mobile buyers, Get Extra 10% off on your next purchase on select fashion products.. Sorry, we could not find any store with selected criteria.. Disclaimer: The price & specs shown may be different from actual. Please confirm on the retailer site before purchasing. Extra 5% off with Axis Bank Buzz Credit Card Apply for Credit Card @ BankBazaar». First time mobile buyers, Get Extra 10% off on your next purchase on select fashion products. Apply for a credit card on bankbazaar.com, and get free Amazon vouchers worth Rs. Performance ▾. Group: 7 - 11 K Phones Based on specs, benchmarks & expert ratings. See Best Performance Phones in 7 - 11 K. 7 - 11 K Phones All Phones. Display ▾. Group: 7 - 11 K Phones Based on specs, benchmarks & expert ratings. See Phones with Best Display in 7 - 11 K. 7 - 11 K Phones All Phones. Camera ▾. Rear Camera compared to. Group: 7 - 11 K Phones Based on specs, benchmarks & expert ratings. See Best Rear Camera Phones in 7 - 11 K. 7 - 11 K Phones All Phones. Battery ▾. Group: 7 - 11 K Phones Based on specs, benchmarks & expert ratings. See Phones with Best Battery Life in 7 - 11 K. 7 - 11 K Phones All Phones. Supports Indian bands 32 GB + 128 GB Expandable Dual SIM: Micro + Micro No Fingerprint sensor USB OTG Support FM Radio. What makes Gionee M5 Lite unique?. The most popular 1 Gionee phone priced around Rs. Top 10 mobile phones in India. Top 10 4G Mobiles Below 10000. Mobile Phones in range of 5000 to 10000. Review talking about - Read all Great camera Reviews. BASED ON 1,473 RATING(S). 31 Jan 2016 By Abhinash Mahanta On flipkart.com. First of all, DO NOT LAUGH the name "Gionee". I laughed at it but i take back my words because its a very good mobile. I purchased it offline and got it at Rs 13000/- (The price at Flipkart was Rs 13500 that time). It will last ONE FULL DAY when using it whole day with data,wifi,bluetooth on and calls for about 2 hours. However, I have discovered that if you charge it overnight (7-8 hrs) via USB power to 100%, then it will last 2 full days.nn2. Excellent sound quality of calls and music. Music output is also good with decent bass.nn3. Some cool features like swipe photos without touching the phone (via wave of hand) and also open apps from lock screen by writing W to open whatsapp, O to open torch, C to open camera etc. (Keys may be required to be set)nn4. However, VLC player may be required to play audio of .mkv files.nn6. 32 GB inbuilt memory with expandable slot upto 128 GBnnCons:nn1. Average Quality 8 MP primary camera and 5 MP front camera. Although RAM is 3 GB, no such improvements in speeds is observed compared to my HTC desire 820 which has 2 GB RAM.. 12 Jan 2016 By Kanhaiya Lal On flipkart.com. I am using Gionee Smart Phone since it was launched in India. From the 2 years of the experience, I can guarantee you that this mobile is really awesome. It has 3 GB RAM with 32GB ROM which allow you to install as many applications as you want. Besides, It has powerful 4000 MAH battery and relatively light weight. The smartphone features a 5-inch HD IPS display with a 720 x 1280 pixel resolution. It is powered by a 64-bit 1.3GHz quad-core MediaTek MT6735 processor which is very good for lag free operation and gaming. However, its price is little higher compared to Lenovo and Asus mobile of the same configuration. Overall this mobile is very good. 7 - 11 K Phones all phones. 4G: Available (supports Indian bands) 3G: Available, 2G: Available Fingerprint Sensor. Group: 7 - 11 K Phones Based on specs, benchmarks & expert ratings See Slimmest Phones in 7 - 11 K. 7 - 11 K Phones All Phones. Group: 7 - 11 K Phones Based on specs, benchmarks & expert ratings See Lightest Phones in 7 - 11 K. 7 - 11 K Phones All Phones. 5.0 inches (12.7 cm) Screen Resolution. HD (720 x 1280 pixels) Pixel Density. Capacitive Touchscreen, Multi-touch Screen to Body Ratio. Group: 7 - 11 K Phones Based on specs, benchmarks & expert ratings See Phones with Best Display in 7 - 11 K. 7 - 11 K Phones All Phones. Pixel Density compared to. Group: 7 - 11 K Phones Based on specs, benchmarks & expert ratings See Phones with Sharpest Screen in 7 - 11 K. 7 - 11 K Phones All Phones. Quad core, 1.3 GHz, Cortex A53. Group: 7 - 11 K Phones Based on specs, benchmarks & expert ratings See Best Performance Phones in 7 - 11 K. 7 - 11 K Phones All Phones. Group: 7 - 11 K Phones Based on specs, benchmarks & expert ratings See Phones with Best Processor in 7 - 11 K. 7 - 11 K Phones All Phones. Quad core, 1.3 GHz, Cortex A53, Chipset: Mediatek MT6735. Quad core, 1.3 GHz, Cortex A53, Chipset: Mediatek MT6735. Octa core, 2.2 GHz, Cortex A53, Chipset: Qualcomm MSM8953 Pro Snapdragon 626. Group: 7 - 11 K Phones Based on specs, benchmarks & expert ratings See Phones with Highest RAM in 7 - 11 K. 7 - 11 K Phones All Phones. Up to 128 GB User Available Storage. Up to 23.5 GB USB OTG Support. Group: 7 - 11 K Phones Based on specs, benchmarks & expert ratings See Phones with Best Storage in 7 - 11 K. 7 - 11 K Phones All Phones. Internal Memory compared to. Group: 7 - 11 K Phones Based on specs, benchmarks & expert ratings See Phones with Highest Internal Memory in 7 - 11 K. 7 - 11 K Phones All Phones. Exposure compensation, ISO control Shooting Modes. Continuos Shooting, High Dynamic Range mode (HDR) Camera Features. Digital Zoom, Auto Flash, Digital image stabilization, Face detection, Touch to focus Video Recording. Rear Camera compared to. Group: 7 - 11 K Phones Based on specs, benchmarks & expert ratings See Best Rear Camera Phones in 7 - 11 K. 7 - 11 K Phones All Phones. Main Camera compared to. Group: 7 - 11 K Phones Based on specs, benchmarks & expert ratings See Phones with Best Main Camera in 7 - 11 K. 7 - 11 K Phones All Phones. Front Camera compared to. Group: 7 - 11 K Phones Based on specs, benchmarks & expert ratings See Phones with Highest Front Camera Resolution in 7 - 11 K. 7 - 11 K Phones All Phones. Up to 19 Hours(3G) / Up to 33 Hours(2G) Standby time. Up to 400 Hours(3G) / Up to 450 Hours(2G). Group: 7 - 11 K Phones Based on specs, benchmarks & expert ratings See Phones with Best Battery Life in 7 - 11 K. 7 - 11 K Phones All Phones. SIM1: Micro, SIM2: Micro Network Support. 4G (supports Indian bands), 3G, 2G SIM 1 SIM 2 SAR Value. Head: 0.375 W/kg, Body: 0.535 W/kg Wi-Fi. TD-LTE 2300(band 40) FD-LTE 2100(band 1) / 1800(band 3) / 2600(band 7). UMTS 1900 / 2100 / 900 MHz. GSM 1800 / 1900 / 850 / 900 MHz. 50 Mbit/s ↑ 150 Mbit/s ↓ (LTE category 4). HSPA 42.2 Mbit/s ↓, HSUPA 11.5 Mbit/s ↑. GSM 1800 / 1900 / 850 / 900 MHz. Light sensor, Proximity sensor, Accelerometer, Compass. Disclaimer: The price & specs shown may be different from actual. Please confirm on the retailer site before purchasing. Show only Android Gionee Phablet Dual SIM Camera 5 MP & above. I don't want to see this. Higher primary camera resolution: 13 MP vs 8 MP. Lesser weight: 142 grams vs 181 grams. Lower battery capacity: 2400 mAH vs 4000 mAH. OS: Android Screen size: 5 inches Processor:. Quad core 1.3 GHz RAM: 3 GB SIM card slots: 2 Pixel density: 294 ppi Thickness: 8.5 mm 2067 people viewed together 1878 people compared together. Lesser internal memory: 16 GB vs 32 GB. I don't want to see this. Larger screen: 5.5 inches vs 5 inches. Octa core 1.3 GHz vs Quad core 1.3 GHz. Higher primary camera resolution: 13 MP vs 8 MP. OS: Android RAM: 3 GB SIM card slots: 2 Internal Memory: 32 GB 905 people viewed together 1249 people compared together. Higher pixel density: 401 ppi vs 294 ppi. Higher secondary camera resolution: 8 MP vs 5 MP. Lesser thickness: 8.2 mm vs 8.5 mm. Lesser weight: 166 grams vs 181 grams. Lower battery capacity: 3150 mAH vs 4000 mAH. I don't want to see this. Larger screen: 5.5 inches vs 5 inches. Quad core 1.8 GHz vs Quad core 1.3 GHz. More RAM: 4 GB vs 3 GB. OS: Android SIM card slots: 2 Internal Memory: 32 GB 518 people viewed together 1213 people compared together. Higher primary camera resolution: 13 MP vs 8 MP. Higher pixel density: 401 ppi vs 294 ppi. Higher secondary camera resolution: 8 MP vs 5 MP. Lesser thickness: 8.4 mm vs 8.5 mm. Lesser weight: 165 grams vs 181 grams. Lower battery capacity: 3500 mAH vs 4000 mAH. I don't want to see this. Octa core 1.4 GHz vs Quad core 1.3 GHz. Higher primary camera resolution: 13 MP vs 8 MP. Higher pixel density: 441 ppi vs 294 ppi. OS: Android Screen size: 5 inches RAM: 3 GB Battery capacity: 4000 mAH SIM card slots: 2 Internal Memory: 32 GB 583 people compared together. Higher secondary camera resolution: 8 MP vs 5 MP. Lesser weight: 145 grams vs 181 grams. More thickness: 9.3 mm vs 8.5 mm. I don't want to see this. Larger screen: 5.5 inches vs 5 inches. Higher primary camera resolution: 16 MP vs 8 MP. Higher battery capacity: 4050 mAH vs 4000 mAH. OS: Android RAM: 3 GB SIM card slots: 2 Internal Memory: 32 GB 2904 people viewed together 3285 people compared together. Higher pixel density: 401 ppi vs 294 ppi. Lesser weight: 164 grams vs 181 grams. Dual core 1.8 GHz vs Quad core 1.3 GHz. Lesser expandable memory: 32 GB vs 128 GB. More thickness: 8.6 mm vs 8.5 mm. I don't want to see this. Larger screen: 5.5 inches vs 5 inches. Octa core 2.0 GHz vs Quad core 1.3 GHz. More RAM: 4 GB vs 3 GB. OS: Android SIM card slots: 2 456 people compared together. Higher primary camera resolution: 13 MP vs 8 MP. Higher battery capacity: 4100 mAH vs 4000 mAH. Higher pixel density: 401 ppi vs 294 ppi. More internal memory: 64 GB vs 32 GB. Lesser thickness: 8.4 mm vs 8.5 mm. Lesser weight: 165 grams vs 181 grams. View all FAQs about Gionee M5 Lite. Please write your question as a complete sentence while asking a new question. Write Your Question as a complete sentence, then press Ask a Question. gionee m5 lite vs j 7?. Answered by Amar Deb Nath | 10 months ago. Which is a better device Gionee M5 Lite or Gionee M5 Plus?. Answered by Aashish Kumar | 6 months ago. Gionee M5 Marathon Plus massive battery ,a fast charging feature and ample RAM. Gionee M5 Lite vs Gionee M5 Marathon Plus. Does Gionee M6 Lite support video calls?. Answered by Chetana Suri | 5 months ago. Yes, Gionee M6 Lite Support Video Calling Feature.. Which day gionee M5 lite will upgrade to voLET?. Answered by Naveen Mehta | 6 months ago. Gionee M5 Lite already has VoLTE. You need not wait for an update.. Gionee m5, lite does not support 64gb SD card?. Answered by Vanani Ranga | 11 months ago. It houses a large internal memory of 32GB which is further expandable up to 128GB.. 1 more answer(s) | Spam?. People who viewed Gionee M5 Lite also viewed. Subscribe for top stories, new launches & expert reviews!. Home | Privacy | Sitemap | About Us | Contact Us | Visitor Agreement | Terms & Conditions |. News & Reviews | हिंदी न्यूज़. 
₹ {{ prod.value | currency:'':0 }}. 1N (Headset, Transceiver, Battery, Travel Charger, Data Cable, User Manual, Warranty card, Earphone). SHOOT WITH THE MOST INCREDIBLE ANDROID CAMERA SMARTPHONE. THE SLIMMEST PHONE WITH ALL METAL AND GLASS. About Gionee Company Key Profiles News Room FAQs Sitemap. Buy Now Products E-Shop Tech Support. Privacy Policy Terms of Use © 2015 Gionee. 
Gionee Marathon M5 Lite Launched in China. The Chinese mobile manufacturer, Gionee recently launched Marathon M5 Lite in China, which is an entry-level Android smartphone. This can be called a sibling of Marathon M5. This Chinese mobile company is doing far better than other companies since other mobile manufacturers are launching one or two good mobiles in three or four months. But, they are launching at least one mobile in every month. Anyway, at the end of the day, quality will be counted – not quantity.. In terms of quality, Gionee Marathon M5 Lite is pretty good. Being an entry-level Android smartphone, it comes with quite good features. But, when you will compare other mobiles with this Gionee smartphone, you cannot find better than others. However, before comparing it with other mobiles, you should check out the features of Gionee Marathon M5 Lite.. This is probably the best mobile Gionee has ever designed under Marathon series. However, the display and body ratio is much higher than older mobiles. On the other hand, the gold color combination is probably the best combo of Gionee. You can find three touch sensitive buttons as home, recent apps and back. In addition, you can find sensors and front camera. Alike most of the Android mobiles, you can find the power and volume up/down buttons on the right side. The gold version’s back panel is also impressive as it is completely glossy. You can find the speaker on the back side. Apart from that, camera and flash are also included. The dimension of Gionee Marathon M5 Lite is 143 mm x 69.9 mm x 8.5 mm and it weighs 182gm. Comparing with other same range and dimension mobiles, the weight is much higher.. This time, Gionee has included 5-inch IPS LCD capacitive touchscreen in Marathon M5 Lite. But, this is not a HD display. However, you will get a great user experience with this display. For image viewing and video, this mobile seems good. On the other hand, you will get Asahi Dragontrail Glass as display protection. Apart from that, you will get Amigo 3.1 and multi touch support. In addition, the color depth is 16M and the screen resolution is 1280 x 720 pixels. Although, the pixel density is not confirmed, yet, you will get a pixel density is ~293ppi.. In terms of performance, you will get an average experience because of the hardware. The hardware of this mobile is same as some other entry-level smartphones. You will get MediaTek MT6735 motherboard in Gionee Marathon M5 Lite. On the other hand, you will get quad-core processor and the clock speed in 1.3GHz. Although, this is not too high to provide an extraordinary experience, but this is good enough to install various high end apps and games. This is expected to get a better gaming experience as well since it contains Mali T720 MP2 GPU. However, the bad news is you will get 1GB RAM. Although, some mobiles like Moto E comes with 2GB RAM (16GB variant). Also, 16GB internal storage is included in Marathon M5 Lite and that can be extended up 128GB using microSD card.. Gionee always provide a mid-table table in their mobiles. This time, there is no exception since Gionee Marathon M5 Lite comes with 8 megapixel rear camera along with flash and other regular features. On the other hand, a 5 MP front camera is also included in this mobile.. This is where Gionee Marathon M5 Lite excels since you will get 4000mAh battery. This is a massive improvement in Gionee mobile. This mobile is capable of providing 39 days standby time.. So, what do you think about this mobile? Do you like the battery?. Google Pixel XL vs OnePlus 3 Comparison – which is better and why. Google Pixel XL Specifications, Features and Price in India. Google Pixel Specifications, Features, Price in India. Best Camera Mobiles: List of Mobiles with Best Camera [2016]. iPhone 7 Plus vs Galaxy Note 7 vs Nexus 6P: Specification Comparison. Xiaomi Redmi Note 4 vs Redmi Note 3 Specification Comparison. LEAVE A REPLY Cancel reply. You have entered an incorrect email address!. Please enter your email address here. Top 10 Cryptocurrency Management Apps for Android and iOS. How to Create Multiple Admin Accounts on Mac OS X. Best Mac OS X Mail Tips, Tricks, How to Guides for.... Best GIF Maker Apps for Windows, Mac, Android, Web. 15 Best Productivity Apps for Business Travelers and Solo Backpackers. Best Webcam Recording Software for Windows, Mac, Linux, Android. Top 20 Free Microsoft Apps for Android and iOS. Best Apps to Record Skype Call on Windows, Mac, Android. Ampercent is a technology blog on computers, software and internet. We regularly publish software guides, how-to’s and technology news.. 
Click here to find mobiles using filters related to price, features, brands etc.. Gionee Marathon M4 vs Gionee Marathon M5 Lite. Advantages (Factors To Decide Which Device You Should Buy). Features Present In Only One Device (Unique Features) Bigger Battery Gionee Marathon M4 5000 mAh Gionee Marathon M5 Lite 4000 mAh More RAM Gionee Marathon M4 2 GB Gionee Marathon M5 Lite 3 GB Supports HD Video Recording Gionee Marathon M4 Unknown Gionee Marathon M5 Lite 1920 x 1080 px More Storage Capacity Gionee Marathon M4 16 GB Gionee Marathon M5 Lite 32 GB Supports FM Radio Gionee Marathon M4 No Gionee Marathon M5 Lite Yes. General Sim Type GSM+GSM GSM+GSM Dual Sim Yes Yes Device Type Smartphone Smartphone Release Date August, 2015 Design Dimensions 143 x 69.9 x 8.5 mm Weight 183 g Display Type Color IPS screen Color IPS screen Touch Yes, with Multitouch Yes, with Multitouch Size 5 inches, 720 x 1280 pixels 5 inches, 720 x 1280 pixels PPI ~ 294 PPI ~ 294 PPI Memory RAM 2 GB 3 GB Internal 16 GB inbuilt 32 GB inbuilt Card Slot Yes, upto 128 GB Yes, upto 128 GB Connectivity GPRS Yes Yes EDGE Yes Yes 3G Yes Yes, 11.5 Mbps Upload 4G Yes Yes Wifi Yes Yes, with wifi-hotspot Bluetooth Yes Yes, v4.0 USB Yes, microUSB v2.0 Yes, microUSB v2.0 Camera Camera Yes, 8 MP with autofocus Yes, 8 MP with autofocus Dual Camera No No Features Face detection, Geo tagging, Touch to focus Video Recording Yes, 1080p Flash LED LED Front Camera Yes, 5 MP Yes, 5 MP Technical OS Android, v5.0 (Lollipop) Android, v5.1 (Lollipop) CPU 1.3 GHz, Quad Core Processor 1.3 GHz, Quad Core Processor GPU Mali-T720 MP2 Multimedia FM Radio Yes Extra GPS Yes, with A-GPS Support Yes, with A-GPS Support Sensors Accelerometer Accelerometer, Compass 3.5mm Headphone Jack Yes Yes Battery Size 5000 mAh, Li-ion Battery 4000 mAh, Li-Po Battery Standby time 18.8 days, 16.7 days on 3G Talk time 33 hours, 19 hours on 3G. Gionee Marathon M4 vs Gionee Marathon M5 Lite. Click here for a clean view of differences between these products.. Around 25% more Battery Capacity than Gionee Marathon M5 Lite. With more battery size, device's battery can generally last more time, though it depends on various other factors too.. Around 50% more RAM than Gionee Marathon M4. More RAM means more applications can run at the same time, which makes the device faster.. HD Videos are of higher quality and they look great on big TV screen.. Around 100% more inbuilt memory than Gionee Marathon M4. More memory allows you to store more songs, videos, photos and install more applications.. Listen to your favourite radio stations on your device. Enjoy music on the go with FM Radio.. Add Another Product Add Another Product. vs Gionee Marathon M4 vs Samsung Galaxy J7 vs Gionee Marathon M4 vs Micromax Canvas Juice 4G Q461 vs Gionee Marathon M4 vs Samsung Tizen Z3 vs Gionee Marathon M4 vs Gionee Elife E8 vs Gionee Marathon M4 vs Panasonic Eluga Icon. Sign up for our Newsletter :. Congratulations!!! You are now subscribed to our newsletter.. smartprix.com , All rights reserved. Recently Viewed By You ( 0 ). Add Another Product Add Another Product Add Another Product Add Another Product Add Another Product Add Another Product Add Another Product Add Another Product Add Another Product Add Another Product Add Another Product Add Another Product Add Another Product Add Another Product Add Another Product Add Another Product Add Another Product Add Another Product Add Another Product Add Another Product. Mobiles And Tablets 0 Laptops And Computers 0 Cameras 0 Personal Appliances 0 Mobile Accessories 0. your email will not be published. Select A Product From Search Suggestions. your email will not be published. --select-- Incorrect Price Incorrect/ Missing Product Detail Coupon Not Working Found Lowest Price Somewhere Else Just A Feedback Other Issue. Sign in with your email address.. Find, Compare and Buy all in one place. Sign up with your email address. Already have an account? Login. 
The current price of the product looks pretty affordable to buy at. Our experts have better products to recommend.. Dual Sim, Mini-SIM, GSM + GSM. 5.0 Inch Display,1280 x 720 pixels. Price of Gionee Marathon M5 Lite in India. Gionee Marathon M5 Lite price in India is Rs.10,949. flipkart is the best price seller for this Gionee Mobiles from amongst 7 sellers.. Price of Gionee Marathon M5 Lite at Flipkart. Price of Gionee Marathon M5 Lite at Snapdeal. Price of Gionee Marathon M5 Lite at Infibeam. Price of Gionee Marathon M5 Lite at Shopclues. Price of Gionee Marathon M5 Lite at Homeshop18. Price of Gionee Marathon M5 Lite at Ebay. Price of Gionee Marathon M5 Lite at Amazon. Gionee Marathon M5 Lite Specification and features are mentioned below. The specification are from the 7 seller(s) and other reliable sources. Dual Sim, Mini-SIM, GSM + GSM. 143 x 69.9 x 8.5 mm. 0.375 W/kg (head) 0.535 W/kg (body). 5.0 inches (Screen to Body Ratio: 68.95%). 1280 x 720 Pixels, 294 ppi. IPS LCD, With 16 M Colors. Geo-Tagging, Panorama, HDR, Take Anytime, Professional, Magic Focus, Face Beauty, Pic Note, FHD Video Recording. 1.3 GHz , MediaTek MT6735 Quad Core. Up to 450 Hours (2G), Up to 400 Hours (3G), Up to 360 Hours (3G). Up to 32.7 Hours (2G), Up to 19 Hours (3G). ✔ HSDPA, 42.2 Mbps; HSUPA, 5.76 Mbps. ✔ LTE, Cat4, 50 Mbps UL, 150 Mbps DL. Proximity Sensor, G-Sensor, E-Compass, Motion Sensor, Light Sensor, Compass. Amigo 3.1 UI, WLAN Direct, Auto Call Record, Mobile Security, Compass, Smart Gesture, Tethering & Hotspot , Theme Park, Chameleon, Eco Mode, Ami Locker, UC Browser, Du Battery Saver, Gionee Xender, Whatsapp, Facebook, Du Speed Booster, Mood Card, GStore, Snapdeal, WPS Office.. What is being discussed about mobiles. not sure exactly what you are looking for.. could you specify your budget and requirements?. More about Gionee Marathon M5 Lite. Gionee Marathon M5 Lite is available with mentioned stores as on February 26, 2018. Gionee Marathon M5 Lite online store price is applicable to all cities including Mumbai, Delhi, Bangalore, Chennai, Pune, Kolkata, Hyderabad, Cochin, Jaipur, Patna, Ahmedabad, Chandigarh, Lucknow, Nagpur, Surat, Indore, Agra, Thane, Gurgaon, Noida. The price for Gionee Marathon M5 Lite is for new Mobiles and not of second hand or used Gionee Marathon M5 Lite. The page was last updated on February 26, 2018.. Price In India of Gionee Marathon M5 Lite-Rs.10,949. Asus Zenfone 2 Laser 5.5 16GB. Popular Comparisons of Gionee Marathon M5 Lite. Gionee Marathon M5 Lite vs Xiaomi Redmi 2 Prime Compare Mobiles. Compare Gionee Marathon M5 Lite, Samsung Galaxy J7 Mobiles. Popular Searches Related To Gionee Marathon M5 Lite. Best Gionee Mobiles Under Rs.16000 India. Best Gionee Mobiles Under Rs.20000 India. Best Gionee Mobiles Under Rs.15000 India. Best 5.5 Inches Screen Size Gionee Mobiles India. Best 5 Inches Screen Size Gionee Mobiles India. Best Dual Sim Gionee Mobiles India. Best Gionee Mobiles Under Rs.25000 India. Best Gionee Mobiles Under Rs.17000 India. Best Gionee Mobiles Under Rs.10000 India. Best Touch Screen Gionee Mobiles Under Rs.7000 India. We are not sure how putting a copyright symbol here helps us, anyways for the sake of sanity - © 2016 Wowway Labs Pvt. 
All Mobiles Computers TV Appliances Care Best Products Upcoming Mobiles News Deals Cashback. Mobile Phones / Gionee / Gionee Marathon M5 Lite CDMA Price in India. Updated On: 26th February 2018. 1.0 1 Ratings 2 Questions & Answers. Key Specifications 3GB RAM 32GB internal storage 4000 mAh battery 8 M.Pixels rear & 5 M.Pixels selfie 5.0 inch screen Dual SIM (Micro-SIM) Android OS, v5.1 (Lollipop). 5 inch Screen 3 GB RAM 32 GB ROM Android 5.0 Lollipop OS Dual SIM. Gionee Marathon M5 Lite CDMA Price in India. Gionee Marathon M5 Lite CDMA Price starts at Rs. Gionee Marathon M5 Lite CDMA Specifications Display Display Type IPS LCD Resolution 720x1280 pixels Size (in inches) 5.0 Pixel Density 294 pixels per inch (ppi) Touchscreen type Capacitive Color Reproduction 16M Colors Screen to body percentage 68.9 % Design and Build Dimensions 5.6 x 2.7 x 0.3 inches Weight 183 grams Software Operating System Android OS, v5.1 (Lollipop) Camera Primary 8 M.Pixels Front 5 M.Pixels Video [email. protected] Storage Internal 32GB RAM 3GB Expandable MicroSD, 256GB Battery Type Li-Po Talk time 19 hrs (3G) Capacity 4000 mAh Standby Time 400 hrs (3G) Connectivity Bluetooth v4.0 with A2DP Wi-Fi Yes with Wi-Fi Direct, hotspot 3G Yes USB Micro USB v2.0 2G Yes 4G Yes SIM Configuration Dual SIM (Micro-SIM) GPS Yes NFC Chipset No Infrared No Wired Micro USB v2.0 Processor Architecture Cortex-A53 No of Cores 4 (Quad Core) Frequency 1.3 GHz GPU Mali-T720MP2 Sensors Proximity Yes Accelerometer Yes Gyroscope No Ambient Light No Sound Loudspeaker Yes Headphones Yes. Please ask the question in above box. Does it support 2G, 3G, 4G, VoLTE, OTG, Wi-Fi and Bluetooth connectivity?. Yes, it supports 2G, 3G, 4G, VoLTE, OTG, Wi-Fi and Bluetooth connectivity.. Does it support OTG and VoLTE?. Yes, it supports OTG and VoLTE.. User Reviews of Gionee Marathon M5 Lite CDMA. 1 Ratings 0 Reviews. 5 0. 4 0. 3 0. 2 0. 1 1. Rate & review this product and help other customers. Gionee mobile price list in India. Samsung Galaxy J7 price in India (Rs. Nokia 5 price in India (Rs. Moto G5 Plus 4GB RAM price in India (Rs. Redmi Note 4 64GB price in India (Rs. Lenovo K8 Note price (Rs. Lenovo K8 Plus price in India (Rs. Nokia 6 2018 price in India. Mobile Phones in Price Range Similar to Price of Gionee Marathon M5 Lite CDMA. Gionee Marathon M5 Lite CDMA Price in India. All prices in the above table are in Indian Rupees. Cashback will not be credited for purchases in Amazon. The latest price of Gionee Marathon M5 Lite CDMA was obtained on 26th February 2018 16:29:52 The Gionee Marathon M5 Lite CDMA is available in The price is valid in all major cities of India including Bangalore, Hyderabad, Chennai, Mumbai, Delhi and Pune. Please check instructions at the specific stores for any deviation. Buy Gionee Marathon M5 Lite CDMA online in India for the lowest price. You can also avail the options of Cash on Delivery (COD) and EMI on purchase of this product.. Gionee Marathon M5 Lite CDMA Price in India is Rs. 10,499 as on 26th February 2018 16:29:52. Earn extra cashback on every purchase. Visit BonusApp → Shop → Get cashback. Nokia 8110 4G Nokia 8 Sirocco Micromax X507 Micromax Canvas Music M1. Tecno Camon I Air Micromax X726 Karbonn A9 Indian 4G Videocon V502430. Upcoming Mobiles Gadget News & Reviews Compare Mobiles Big Billion Day 2017. Contact Us Privacy Terms of Use Blog. © 2017 MySmartPrice Web Technology Private Limited. Made with ❤ in. 
