Home Shop MWC News Reviews Features Opinions Videos The Gadgets 360 Show Cell Guru Prime Tech Smartphone Reviews Tech and Gadget Reviews How-To Videos Video Game Reviews and Features Top Lists by Gadgets 360 Unboxing and Hands-On Videos Podcasts Compare Mobiles Phone Finder DEALS. Mobiles Tablets Apps Gaming Cameras PC/Laptops AUDIO/VIDEO How To Telecom Science INDIA INTERNET SOCIAL MEDIA WEARABLES हिंदी. Acer Adcom Alcatel Apple Archos Asus BlackBerry Blu Celkon Coolpad Datawind Fly Gionee HTC Huawei iBall iBerry Idea InFocus Intex iVoomi Jivi Karbonn Lava LeEco Lenovo LG Lyf Maxx Mobile Meizu Micromax Microsoft Motorola MTS Nokia Obi Oppo Panasonic Philips Ringing Bells Samsung Sony Spice Swipe Videocon Vivo Wickedleak Xiaomi Xolo Yu Zen Ziox Zopo ZTE. Home Mobiles Phone Finder Gionee F103. SPECIFICATIONS USER REVIEWS NEWS. Share on Facebook Tweet Share Share Email Reddit. Gionee F103 smartphone was launched in September 2015. The phone comes with a 5.00-inch touchscreen display with a resolution of 720 pixels by 1280 pixels at a PPI of 294 pixels per inch. Gionee F103 price in India starts from Rs. The Gionee F103 is powered by 1.3GHz quad-core MediaTek MT6735 processor and it comes with 2GB of RAM. The phone packs 16GB of internal storage that can be expanded up to 32GB via a microSD card. As far as the cameras are concerned, the Gionee F103 packs a 8-megapixel primary camera on the rear and a 5-megapixel front shooter for selfies. The Gionee F103 runs Android 5.0 and is powered by a 2400mAh removable battery. It measures 146.00 x 70.30 x 7.95 (height x width x thickness) and weigh 136.60 grams. The Gionee F103 is a dual SIM (GSM and GSM) smartphone that accepts Micro-SIM and Micro-SIM. Connectivity options include Wi-Fi, GPS, Bluetooth, USB OTG, FM, 3G and 4G (with support for Band 40 used by some LTE networks in India). Sensors on the phone include Compass Magnetometer, Proximity sensor, Accelerometer and Ambient light sensor.. REVIEW KEY SPECS NEWS Price in india. Design Display Software Performance Battery Life Camera Value for Money. Good Lightweight and compact Dual-SIM and expandable storage can be used together Attractive-looking UI Bad Poor camera Sub-par general performance Poor build and ergonomics. Read detailed Gionee F103 review. Gionee F103 Variants With 1GB and 3GB of RAM Launched in India. Gionee F103 Now 'Made in India'; Firm to Invest Rs. Gionee F103 Review: Not Too Special for the Price. Gionee F103 With 2GB RAM, 4G LTE Support Launched at Rs. More Gionee mobiles Gionee mobiles price in India. Gionee F103 Price in India F103 (Black, 16GB) Rs. 9,599 F103 (White, 16GB) Rs. 9,621 F103 (Pearl White, 16GB) Rs. Release date September 2015 Form factor Touchscreen Dimensions (mm) 146.00 x 70.30 x 7.95 Weight (g) 136.60 Battery capacity (mAh) 2400 Removable battery Yes Colours Black, White SAR value 0.77. Screen size (inches) 5.00 Touchscreen Yes Resolution 720x1280 pixels Pixels per inch (PPI) 294. Processor 1.3GHz quad-core Processor make MediaTek MT6735 RAM 2GB Internal storage 16GB Expandable storage Yes Expandable storage type microSD Expandable storage up to (GB) 32. Rear camera 8-megapixel Rear Flash LED Front camera 5-megapixel. Operating System Android 5.0 Skin Amigo 3.0. Wi-Fi Yes Wi-Fi standards supported 802.11 b/g/n GPS Yes Bluetooth Yes, v 2.00 NFC No Infrared No USB OTG Yes Headphones 3.5mm FM Yes Number of SIMs 2 SIM 1 SIM Type Micro-SIM GSM/CDMA GSM 3G Yes 4G/ LTE Yes Supports 4G in India (Band 40) Yes SIM 2 SIM Type Micro-SIM GSM/CDMA GSM 3G Yes 4G/ LTE No Supports 4G in India (Band 40) Yes. Compass/ Magnetometer Yes Proximity sensor Yes Accelerometer Yes Ambient light sensor Yes Gyroscope No Barometer No Temperature sensor No. Error or missing information? Please let us know. User ratings and reviews for Gionee F103. 3.3 Out of 5. 5 Star 4 4 Star 3 3 Star 2 Star 1 Star 4. Displaying review(s) 1- 5 of 10 Sort by: Most Helpful Most Recent. By babula k1995 | 24 Dec 2015. this phone is very best and battery capacity is good i am also used this phone camera quality is good both front and back internet is also speed. Was this review helpful? Yes No. 2 out of 2 people found this review helpful. Good mobile battery back is good also , no heating problem, no hanging problem. By Ratan Das | 12 Nov 2015. Very good , vary fast , battery lasts more than 24 hour if you use for phone call , and it lasts 8-9 hours if u use all application,FB,Whatsapp , and others , no hanging problem , battery does not become hot also. I like it and i ill suggest to buy it. Back camera also good picture very clear , but front camera average , consideration in cost its good, normally we use back camera more , so should not worry too much for back camera.. Was this review helpful? Yes No. 1 out of 1 people found this review helpful. By Akansha Gouraha | 2 Sep 2016. I m loving this cell phone.... i don't hv complaints regarding this. Was this review helpful? Yes No. 1 out of 2 people found this review helpful. By Swaraj Sarangi | 31 Mar 2017. Smashed it on the table several times with great force but still OK. Was this review helpful? Yes No. By Love Gautam | 4 Feb 2017. I use this phone since 28/10/2015. As per my experience camera is not good while use at night but in day time camera is awesome. If anyone want to buy second hand phone than he/she definitely go for it.... Was this review helpful? Yes No. Gionee F103 Variants With 1GB and 3GB of RAM Launched in India. Gionee F103 Now 'Made in India'; Firm to Invest Rs. Gionee F103 Review: Not Too Special for the Price. Gionee F103 With 2GB RAM, 4G LTE Support Launched at Rs. Gionee S10 Lite Gionee S11 Lite Gionee M7 Mini Gionee F205 Gionee F6 Gionee M7 Plus Gionee S11 Gionee S11S Gionee M7 Power Gionee M7 Gionee X1s Gionee X1 Gionee A1 Lite Gionee S10C Gionee S10B Gionee S10 Gionee M6S Plus Gionee A1 Gionee A1 Plus Gionee F5 Gionee Steel 2 Gionee M2017 Gionee P7 Gionee S9 Gionee P7 Max Gionee S6s Gionee M6 Plus Gionee M6 Gionee F103 Pro Gionee S6 Pro. Gionee F103 Motorola Moto G Turbo Edition vs. Samsung Galaxy J7 Gionee S5 1 Pro vs. Lenovo Vibe X2 Gionee F103 vs. Lenovo A390 Gionee F103 vs. Infocus M810 Gionee F103 vs. Karbonn K409 Gionee F103 vs. Asus Zenfone 2 Laser Ze601kl vs. Gionee Elife S7 Gionee F103 vs. Hp Slate 6 Voicetab Ii Gionee F103 vs. Xiaomi Redmi 2 Prime Lenovo Vibe K5 vs. Coolpad Note 3 Lite vs. Nokia 7 Plus Is an Android One Phone With Dual Rear Cameras, Zeiss Optics Samsung Galaxy S9, Galaxy S9+ Pre-Orders Now Open in India Nokia 7 Plus vs Nokia 7 Samsung Galaxy S9, Galaxy S9+ With Improved Cameras, AR Emoji Launched Nokia 8110 4G Is a 'Slider' Feature Phone With Google, Facebook Apps OnePlus 5, OnePlus 5T HD Content Streaming Issue Fixed, With a Catch Mi MIX 2S With Snapdragon 845 Confirmed by Xiaomi; Launching on March 27 Vodafone to Offer 4.5GB Data Per Day for 28 Days at Rs. 799: Report Vivo Unveils Concept Phone With Half-Screen Fingerprint Scanning at MWC Canon EOS 1500D, EOS 3000D Entry-Level DSLRs Launched in India. Samsung phones price list Lyf phones price list Micromax phones price list Sony phones price list Htc phones price list Lenovo phones price list Intex phones price list Lava phones price list Apple phones price list Nokia phones price list Xolo phones price list Lg phones price list Vivo phones price list Oppo phones price list Gionee phones price list Motorola phones price list Blackberry phones price list Xiaomi phones price list. Sitemaps Archives Advertise About Us Feedback Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions Complaint Redressal Careers Contact Us RSS Ethics Gionee F103 in Hindi. © Copyright Red Pixels Ventures Limited 2018. Subject Comments. 
Pull out the stunning new Gionee F103. Turn heads with its super-slim 7.95 mm form. And light up the party with its silver metal coating frame.. Watch videos on a 5" spectacular HD IPS screen. photos even more with superior clarity.. With 3GB RAM, 16GB ROM and 4G, you know you can push the limits. Be it apps, games, multi-tasking or HD streaming.. After hours and hours of surfing, music and everything you love, you can keep on going. Thanks to the power packed 2400 mAh battery.. With Android Lollipop running inside, the F103 is a treat to use. Get it now to get a taste of smoother performance and the latest apps.. "The things that I liked on F103 was its build quality; it has been a tremendous ride when I talk compactness and sturdiness of the device. It felt lighter than any mid-range smartphone and still somehow showed great strength.". "Design wise, the Gionee F103 does stand out with a slim and sleek design. There is a chrome finish on the sides of the phone giving a premium feel.". "The phone has a simple yet a very eye-pleasing design and is extremely light. The two-tone metal-plastic body gives the phone a fresh look. The protruding shiny metal edge of the phone is the difference maker.". "Colour reproduction is very good, the touch is smooth and responsive. The Gionee F103 has got a very good build quality and finishing.". "The design of the F103 is the best I've seen in under 10k. Worth every bit of money spent!". "My phone is as stylish as me with Android Lollipop 5.0 that acts like the cherry on cake.". "F103 is a perfect blend of style and affordability. "The 3GB RAM on my F103 lets me multitask with ease. Style or work, I'm always on point.". FDD Band3 (1800 MHz) TDD Band40 (2300MHz). 12.7cm(5.0) HD 1280*720 IPS Dragontrail display. WLAN Direct, Hotknot, compass, Gionee Xender, Smart gesture( Pause alarm), Tethering & Hotspot , Theme park, chameleon, Eco Mode, Extreme power mode, OTG ( Charging , External storage support). 8.0 Mega Pixel Camera with LED flash. Face beauty, Horizontal Panorama, Geo-tagging, Touch focus, 20 snaps in one click, pic note ,take anytime , filters, HDR mode,Take anytime , filter. Android OS, V5.0 Lollipop ( amigo 3.0). Quad-core 1.3 GHz ,64 Bit Processor. Proximity sensor, G-sensor, E-Compass, Motion sensor, Light sensor. Du Battery Saver, Gionee Xender, Twiter , Wechat , Whatsapp , Facebook, , Du Speed booster, Amigo Paper, Game Zone. 267hr (4G), 185hr (3G) & 240hr (2G). 0.769W/Kg @ 1g (Head) 0.848 W/Kg @1g (Body). Pearl White, Dawn White & black. 1N( Tranceiver, Battery, Earphone , Travel charger (1A), Data Cable User Manual, Warranty card , Protective film , Transparent protection cover). About Gionee Company Key Profiles News Room FAQs Sitemap. Buy Now Products E-Shop Tech Support. Privacy Policy Terms of Use © 2015 Gionee. 
Listed Price : 9,999. Pls update your Gionee f103 to the latest version. Gionee F103 smartphone with 5.0 inch 720x1280 display powered by Android OS, V5.0 Lollipop ( amigo 3.0) alongside 2GB RAM and 8 MP rear camera.. OS Android OS, V5.0 Lollipop ( amigo 3.0). Processor Quad-core 1.3 GHz ,64 Bit Processor. Camera 8.0 Mega Pixel Camera with LED flash. Internal Memory 16 GB, 2 GB RAM. Pls update your Gionee f103 to the latest version. 2G Network Technology GSM: 850/900/1800/1900 MHz. 4G Network Technology LTE:FDD Band3 (1800 MHz);TDD Band40 (2300MHz). Sales Package Tranceiver, Battery, Earphone , Travel charger (1A), Data Cable User Manual, Warranty card , Protective film , Transparent protection cover. Internal Memory 16 GB, 2 GB RAM. SD Card Presence/Capacity Micro SD, 32GB. OS Android OS, V5.0 Lollipop ( amigo 3.0). Processor Quad-core 1.3 GHz ,64 Bit Processor. Camera resolution 8.0 Mega Pixel Camera with LED flash. Camera Features Face beauty, Panorama(Horizontal), Geo-tagging, Touch focus, 20 snaps in one click, pic note ,take anytime , filters, HDR mode,Take anytime , filter. Camera Video Features HD video recording. Size (L by B by T) 143x70.3x7.95mm. Battery Life - Standby 267hr (4G), 185hr (3G) & 240hr (2G). Battery Life - Talk Time 2G: 28hr; 3G?11hr. Gionee partners Reliance Jio, Paytm to offer bundled data, cashback on select smartphones. Make in India: After OnePlus, Gionee partners Foxconn to manufacture smartphones in India. Gionee F103 with 4G LTE support launched, priced at Rs 9,999: Specifications, features. Gionee F103 Vs Gionee F103 Pro. Gionee F103 Vs Xiaomi Redmi Note 5A. Gionee F103 Vs Xiaomi Redmi Note 4G. Own this mobile? Write a Review. Naobi Singh on Nov 17, 2017. pliz upgrad gionee f103 for video calling .......................... Jishnu Kr7 on May 01, 2017. Pls update your Gionee f103 to the latest version of Android .after upgrading to 6.0 marshmallow you will get several updates more ,amigo 3..... Sourav Ghosh on Jan 18, 2017. Video call nt supported....what can I'do with 4g and front camera???????. Chandan Pandey on Dec 25, 2016. Totally bakwaas phone because it doesn't support video call, what is the meaning to own a 4 phone or front camera phone?. This phone is good and slim nice view. In this phone camera is not good..picture taken poor quality.. Im not suggest to buy this p..... Maitrayee Iyer on Jun 28, 2017 02:11 PM. Is your smartphone in this .... Sambit Satpathy on Oct 12, 2015 06:32 PM. Earlier today as a part of the Make in India .... Ritesh Bendre on Sep 02, 2015 11:50 AM. has launched a new smartphone in India, called the .... Write a Review on Gionee F103. Sony #XperiaXZ2 , #XperiaXZ2 first impressions: Betting on 18:9 display and camera prowess, writes… twitter.com/i/web/status/9…. #HuaweiP20 , P20 Plus leaked image surfaces online ahead of March 27 launch @HuaweiMobile … buff.ly/2ETcpix. Canon #Speedlite 470EX-AI is the most intelligent flash system @CanonUSA #Speedlite #Speedlite buff.ly/2F493wl https://t.co/Zjwmc0zHIp. 
more ... more .... more ... more .... MEMORY: 16 GB + MicroSD. Low pixel density screen (294 ppi). The Gionee F103 is a mid-range device with Android 5.0. It features a 5" 720p display, 64-bit 1.3 GHz quad core CPU, 2 GB RAM, 16 GB ROM, microSD slot, 8 MP rear camera and a 5 MP front one for video calls. There's also dual SIM card support.. OS: Android (5.0), Gionee Amigo UI. Dimensions: 5.63 x 2.77 x 0.31 inches (143 x 70.3 x 7.95 mm). Weight: 4.82 oz (137 g) the average is 5.6 oz (159 g). Resolution: 720 x 1280 pixels. Features: Ambient light sensor, Proximity sensor, Scratch-resistant glass (Dragontrail). Pixel density - The pixel density of a display represents the number of pixels over an area of one inch. It’s measured in “pixels per inch”, or ppi. The higher the number, the more detailed and good-looking the display is.. Technology - There are two main screen technologies currently used in phones and tablets: LCD and AMOLED. The former usually features a light source and liquid crystals, while the latter is based on organic light-emitting diodes. Newer LCD variations like IPS-LCD and Super-LCD allow for very accurate color reproduction and very wide viewing angles, where no significant image quality loss is observed. Current AMOLED screens differ in such a way that they can exhibit much more saturated colors (sometimes too much) and incredibly high contrast levels, which is due to black color being completely black in AMOLED displays.. Screen-to-body ratio - Shows what part of the frontal area of a phone its screen occupies.. Software Features: Face detection, Touch to focus, Geo tagging. Shooting Modes: Burst mode, High Dynamic Range mode (HDR), Panorama. Quad-core, 1300 MHz, ARM Cortex-A53, 64-bit. System chip - Most modern handsets use an advanced chip that includes many of the device’s hardware modules like the processor, Wi-Fi, Bluetooth and sometimes even the wireless radio. This field shows what particular system chip (or System-on-a-Chip) is used in the phone.. Processor - The processor is the main computing component of a phone and is a major factor when it comes to the overall speed of the device. Some more powerful smartphones use dual-core and quad-core processors designed to deliver greater performance.. Graphics processor - The graphics processor is important for the smooth operation of the system and especially in games and other applications that may involve complex graphics and animations.. System memory - System memory, or RAM memory is the type of memory that the device uses to temporarily store data from the OS or currently-running apps. The more RAM available to the device, the better the performance will be when multiple or heavier programs are running.. Built-in storage - Bigger storage capacity allows you to keep more content saved onto your device, such as more applications, photos or video. Games and video content typically take up the biggest amount of storage space.. Storage expansion - Some handsets allow you to expand their storage capacity by using a memory expansion card – most often microSD. Expansion memory is mostly suitable for media storage, such as photo, video or music content.. Talk time: 28.00 hours the average is 20 h (1229 min). Stand-by time: 10.0 days (240 hours) the average is 21 days (502 h). Talk time (3G): 11.00 hours the average is 19 h (1147 min). Stand-by time (3G): 7.7 days (185 hours) the average is 25 days (590 h). Capacity - The bigger, the better! However, battery capacity is not the only factor that has an effect on battery life. Those include the chipset in use, the software running on the device, as well as the consumer's unique usage pattern.. Filter by: Album, Artist, Genre, Playlists. Features: Album art cover, Background playback. Cellular GSM: 850, 900, 1800, 1900 MHz. Notifications: Haptic feedback, Music ringtones (MP3), Polyphonic ringtones, Vibration, Flight mode, Silent mode, Speakerphone. Other features: Voice dialing, Voice commands, Voice recording. Features: Mass storage device, USB charging. Other: Tethering, Computer sync, OTA sync. Positioning - This field shows the positioning systems supported by the device. The most common types are GPS and A-GPS.. GPS - This is one of the most widespread global positioning technologies, developed and maintained by the U.S. It uses satellites in order to detect your location. A-GPS - A-GPS stands for Assisted GPS and is the industry standard for positioning and navigation. “Assisted” means that it can use local wireless networks, in addition to satellites, for quicker and more precise localization.. To see the full specifications with in-depth details click here.. Despite our efforts to provide full and correct Gionee F103 specifications, there is always a possibility of making a mistake. If you see any wrong or incomplete data, please LET US KNOW .. If you are interested in using our specs commercially, check out our Phone specs database licensing page.. Gear S4 may come with a blood pressure monitor, Samsung patent reveals. Google Pay launches today, but its most important feature is not here yet. Galaxy S9 and S9+ previewed in glorious detail with full specs and release date. Galaxy S9 and S9+ price and release date on Verizon, AT&T, T-Mobile and Best Buy. The Samsung Galaxy S9 and S9+ have game-changing cameras with variable aperture and 960fps slow-mo video recording. The Big Barcelona Camera Comparison: iPhone X vs Pixel 2 XL vs Note 8. Samsung Galaxy S9 and S9+ rumor review: Specs, design, features, price and release date. Sony presents Xperia XZ2 and XZ2 Compact: new design and Snapdragon 845. Galaxy S9 Exynos edition gets benchmarked against rivals!. Galaxy S9 first camera comparison vs iPhone X, V30, S8. Samsung Galaxy S9 & S9+ hands-on. MWC 2018: top smartphones to expect. Best smartphone you can buy in 2018. Allo is a quality app, but Google isn't giving it a real chance. All content (phone reviews, news, specs, info), design and layouts are Copyright 2001-2018 phoneArena.com. Reproduction in whole or in part or in any form or medium without written permission is prohibited! Privacy. 
Home / Gionee / Gionee F103. Check Repair & Unlock IMEI Enable Debugging Mode. Remove Bloatware Frequently Ask Questions. Top Apps Top Games. ( If Keys Combination not work Use this General. Release the buttons when you see an Android icon on your mobile screen Press the Power. After Splash Screen a set of options will appear. In order to choose “ wipe data/factory reset ” Plz Follow instruction on your mobile Screen to navigate and to confirm. Next, select “ Yes–delete all user data “. Plz Follow again instruction on your mobile Screen to scroll and to select.. To restart the phone, select “reboot system now“.. Success! Your phone should begin the hard reset operation.. First of all, make sure that your device is on. Then from the home screen open Menu and choose Settings. After that select Backup&Reset and tap Factory data reset. Choose Reset phone and select Erase everything to begin hard reset operation. Well done! Your cell phone is ready to use.. ( If Keys Combination not work Use this General. Release the buttons when you see an Android icon on your mobile screen Press the Power. ( If Keys Combination not work Use this General. Release the buttons when you see an Android icon on your mobile screen Press the Power. After Splash Screen a set of options will appear. In order to choose “ wipe data/factory reset ” Plz Follow instruction on your mobile Screen to navigate and to confirm. Next, select “ Yes–delete all user data “. Plz Follow again instruction on your mobile Screen to scroll and to select.. To restart the phone, select “reboot system now“.. Success! Your phone should begin the hard reset operation.. SP Flash Tool ( Latest version MTK Flash Tool v. First, make sure that you have install Your device driver ( MediaTek DA USB VCOM drivers ). If your device driver is installed then Open SP Flash Tool. and load Scatter file by press Scatter-Loading Button. Browser for “Scatter File” Where the scatter file is located. Wait for loading all the files. Now all the file for specific android device loads, Press on Download option. or Select Firmware Upgrade to upgrade your firmware.. Remove battery and put it again in you phone. Now Press on Download button and Connect your android device with your Computer or PC. The process will start and progress bar will shows with three different colors Red, Purple and Yellow. At the end when Progress bar completes it will show Ok Notification with green color it mean that Flashing Completed successfully. Now disconnect your Phone from PC and Turn on your device. I hope it will work fine. If there is any difficulty then you can follow this complete article about flashing Rom using SP Flash Tool. First You will Need A few Thing:. Gionee F103 flash file | firmware. Gionee F103 Download free flash file. Root using KingoRoot Root using KingoRoot. USB Cable (the original one recommended). Free download and install KingoRoot Android (PC Version). Double click the desktop icon of Kingo Android Root and launch it. Plug your Android device into your computer via USB cable. Enable USB Debugging mode on your Android device. Read notifications carefully before rooting your device. Click “ROOT” to root your device. Check the root status of your device.. Make sure you get everything right beforehand.. Kingo offers the best one-click Android root software for free. Just download and install it now.. After launching Kingo Android Root, you will see its interface as shown below.. If your device driver is not installed on your Computer, Kingo will install it for you automatically. Make sure you get Internet conenction so that device driver can be downloaded. If you are using Windows 8, you may need to change some settings first. When running Kingo Android Root on Windows 8, the issue you may most likely encounter is driver installation looping.. How to solve driver installation looping on Windows 8 when running Kingo Android Root?. USB Debugging mode enabled is a necessary step of Android rooting process.. How to enable USB Debugging mode?. INPORTANT : Pay attention to your device screen for a prompt window. Tick “Always allow from this computer”. If you don’t, you will probably get yourself an OFFLINE DEVICE.. However, it is not exactly a small issue either. Rooting your device may open a door for you, and yet with risks.. Android rooting is a modification process to the original system, in which the limitations are removed and full-access is allowed and thus resulting in the ability to alter or replace system applications and settings, run specialized apps and even facilitate the removal and replacement of the device’s operating system with a custom one. Rooting your device will immediately void your warranty…. Click to know more about Android Rooting .. Kingo Android Root will employ multiple exploits on your device, which will probably take a couple of minutes. In the rooting process, your device may be rebooted several times. Do not be panic, it is perfectly normal. And once it begins, please DO NOT touch, move, unplug or perform any operation on your device.. Hopefully your device is well supported and successfully rooted by Kingo. Until your device reboots itself, do not operate.. Normally, you will find an app named “SuperUser” installed on your device after successful rooting.. Root via KingoRoot APK Root via KingoRoot APK. Step 1: Free download KingoRoot.apk. You can use the PC Version of KingoRoot Android (PC Version) , which has a higher success rate due to technical reasons. You can visit APK Root for Android on your mobile and download the file on your device. You can download KingoRoot.apk on your PC, transfer it to your Android device and then find the file via File Explorer and install it from APK section. Step 2: Install KingoRoot.apk on your device. Step 3: Launch “Kingo ROOT” app and start rooting. Step 4: Waiting for a few seconds till the result screen appear. The download will be automatically started. If Chrome has warned you about KingoRoot.apk, click “OK” to proceed.. If you are using PC to view this tutorial, you have three choices.. How to root any android device and version with KingoRoot?. If you didn’t check “Unknown Sources” in Settings > Security, then during installation, you will get a prompt “Install blocked”, stating that “For security, your phone is set to block installation of apps obtained from unknown sources”.. Just follow phone instructions and install Kingo Root on your device and allow installs from “Unknown Sources”.. Kingo Root is very user-friendly and easy to use. Click “One Click Root” to start the rooting process.. It is highly recommended that you try several times when rooting with KingoRoot apk version. We have several rooting methods integrated in apk root, however, it will only run one at a time. So you have to try it more if you failed for first two three time.. MORE TO SAY If KingoRoot APK failed to root your device after several trials, please refer to KingoRoot Android (PC Version), which has a much higher success rate due to technical reasons.. Root using SuperOneClick Root using SuperOneClick. Step 1: Free download KingoRoot.apk. You can use the PC Version of KingoRoot Android (PC Version) , which has a higher success rate due to technical reasons. You can visit APK Root for Android on your mobile and download the file on your device. You can download KingoRoot.apk on your PC, transfer it to your Android device and then find the file via File Explorer and install it from APK section. Step 2: Install KingoRoot.apk on your device. Step 3: Launch “Kingo ROOT” app and start rooting. Step 4: Waiting for a few seconds till the result screen appear. The download will be automatically started. If Chrome has warned you about KingoRoot.apk, click “OK” to proceed.. If you are using PC to view this tutorial, you have three choices.. How to root any android device and version with KingoRoot?. If you didn’t check “Unknown Sources” in Settings > Security, then during installation, you will get a prompt “Install blocked”, stating that “For security, your phone is set to block installation of apps obtained from unknown sources”.. Just follow phone instructions and install Kingo Root on your device and allow installs from “Unknown Sources”.. Kingo Root is very user-friendly and easy to use. Click “One Click Root” to start the rooting process.. It is highly recommended that you try several times when rooting with KingoRoot apk version. We have several rooting methods integrated in apk root, however, it will only run one at a time. So you have to try it more if you failed for first two three time.. MORE TO SAY If KingoRoot APK failed to root your device after several trials, please refer to KingoRoot Android (PC Version), which has a much higher success rate due to technical reasons.. Root via Root Genius Root via Root Genius. Step 1: Free download KingoRoot.apk. You can use the PC Version of KingoRoot Android (PC Version) , which has a higher success rate due to technical reasons. You can visit APK Root for Android on your mobile and download the file on your device. You can download KingoRoot.apk on your PC, transfer it to your Android device and then find the file via File Explorer and install it from APK section. Step 2: Install KingoRoot.apk on your device. Step 3: Launch “Kingo ROOT” app and start rooting. Step 4: Waiting for a few seconds till the result screen appear. The download will be automatically started. If Chrome has warned you about KingoRoot.apk, click “OK” to proceed.. If you are using PC to view this tutorial, you have three choices.. How to root any android device and version with KingoRoot?. If you didn’t check “Unknown Sources” in Settings > Security, then during installation, you will get a prompt “Install blocked”, stating that “For security, your phone is set to block installation of apps obtained from unknown sources”.. Just follow phone instructions and install Kingo Root on your device and allow installs from “Unknown Sources”.. Kingo Root is very user-friendly and easy to use. Click “One Click Root” to start the rooting process.. It is highly recommended that you try several times when rooting with KingoRoot apk version. We have several rooting methods integrated in apk root, however, it will only run one at a time. So you have to try it more if you failed for first two three time.. MORE TO SAY If KingoRoot APK failed to root your device after several trials, please refer to KingoRoot Android (PC Version), which has a much higher success rate due to technical reasons.. How to Check Repair & Unlock Gionee F103 IMEI. How to Enable USB Debugging on. Steps to turn on USB debugging on Android 2.3.x and earlier versions. Steps to enable USB debugging on Android 3.0.x to 4.1.x. Steps to enable USB debugging on Android 4.2.x and later versions. When your Android phone can not successfully connect to your computer, you should first make sure that the USB debugging in your cellphone is enabled. Moreover, the steps to enable USB debugging on Android phone. vary from version to version, which is further illustrated below.. Tip : The Android version in mobile phones can be checked in Settings/About phone.. Step 1 : Open Settings .. Step 2 : Access Applications .. Step 3 : Enter Development .. Step 4 : Choose USB debugging and tap OK .. Example: Steps to enable USB debugging on Samsung Note 2 are as follows.. Step 1 : Enter Settings in the Apps.. Step 2 : Select Developer options in the Settings interface.. Step 3 : Choose USB debugging by checking the box behind it, as shown in the following photo.. Step 1 : Access Settings .. Step 2 : Click About phone .. Step 3 : Continuously tap Build number for many times until the system informs you that you’ve entered the developer mode, or tells you that you are now a developer.. Step 4 : Return to Settings .. Step 5 : Open Developer options .. Step 6 : Select USB debugging .. Step 7 : Tap OK or Yes to allow USB debugging.. Tip : For Android versions higher than Android 4.2.x, at the last step, the following dialog box will pop up. In this case, choose Always allow from this computer and click OK .. With the help of the above guidance, have you successfully enabled the USB debugging on your Android phone?. Press Power button and Home button together for a few seconds. Press Power button and Volume Down button together for a few seconds. Press Power button and Back button together for a few seconds. Press Home button and Back button together for a few seconds.. For Samsung Galaxy mobile phones and tablets:. You’ll need to press the buttons at the exact same time. If you press the buttons correctly, you’ll hear camera shutter sound and the screen will flash for a moment.. Now the screenshot has been saved in Gallery folder. You’ll also see a notification in the Status bar at the top.. How to Remove bloatware or pre-installed apps on. What is bloatware? And what about it?. How to remove bloatware on Android devices?. You need to root your Android. Step 2: [IMPORTANT] Make BACKUP of your device. Step 3: Install an app from Google Play Store. In the end, BE CAUTIOUS and have fun.. I believe that most Android users have been subjected to this “attracting” problem for quite some time. Nearly all Android phones come with useless software pre-installed by manufacturers or carriers. Even Nexus devices are preloaded with many Google-created apps. According to recently leaked confidential documents, “Google has been adding requirements for dozens of manufacturers like Samsung Electronics, Huawei Technologies and HTC that want to build devices powered by Android. Among the new requirements for many partners: increasing the number of Google apps that must be pre-installed on the device to as many as 20, placing more Google apps on the home screen or in a prominent icon folder and making Google Search more prominent”. If this proved to be true, removing bloatware could be the most wanted things of Android users.. What is bloatware? In another words, pre-installed apps that are useless most of the time. There are also other downfall of bloatware. It consumes system resources, taking up storage space and RAM, running in the background without you knowing and draining up your battery.. How to remove bloatware? Unfortunately, your carriers and manufacturers do not make it any easier. Normally, bloatware is hidden in system folder, which you have no permission to access.. How to root your Android with Kingo Android Root?. In order to remove bloatware, you need to gain root privilege, i.e. Most carriers and manufactures strictly forbid users from gaining these privileges and rooting will immediately void warranty claim. Normally, rooted device should have SuperSU installed.. Titanium Backup is the most recommended app to back up your device before you start deleting system apps, which is risky and could cause serious trouble if you make a wrong move. Enter keywords like “remove system app” or “System app remover”, you should get a lot of results. For example, “system app remover” developed by JUMOBILE.. You need to grant the Superuser request at the first time you launch this app. And again, you will need to root your phone first.. Reasons why you might need to hard reset Reasons why you might need to hard reset. Reasons why you might need to hard reset Gionee F103?. Reset and disable forgotten screen lock password or pattern. Might resolve hang-ups & freezing problems. Wipes personal data phone before you sell your phone or after you buy one. Regain default functionality of your Gionee F103. in Gionee F103 Will help to:. When do i need to use factory reset When do i need to use factory reset. When do i need to use factory reset on Gionee F103?. when your device is malfunctioning (also with viruses hard to remove),. when you wish to clear the configuration and the settings of Gionee F103 to the default setting,. when you need more memory space on your device,. when you plan to sell your Gionee F103 and you wish to clear all your personal data,. when you just want to start using your device from scratch.. Factory reset on Gionee F103 could be used in several cases:. How will factory reset affect the software How will factory reset affect the software. How will factory reset affect the software on Gionee F103?. Factory reset will not technically put Gionee F103‘s software version back to the original one. The software and the operating system on Gionee F103 will not be affected by hard reset in a direct way.. How to permanently delete data How to permanently delete data. How to permanently delete data from Gionee F103?. That way after having done the hard reset operation it will be extremely difficult for the third party to recover the data (as they will have to provide a specific key). Encrypting the data on Gionee F103 could be done in a few steps: go to Settings, then Security, choose Encrypt Device and Set Screen Lock type. Make sure that your device is fully charged or is currently charging as this process on Gionee F103 could take a long time {even up to one hour). In the next step move to factory reset on Gionee F103. You will find different methods to perform this operation on this particular website. The last step is to load some fake data and again factory reset Gionee F103. This is not necessary as having performed the two steps which as mentioned above should be enough to be sure that no one will recover your deleted data. Doing this step may give you a peace of mind that you personal data is buried under the fake data and is extremely hard to reach. You can performed this step as many times as you wish.. What should I do before performing a hard reset What should I do before performing a hard reset. What should I do before performing a hard reset on Gionee F103?. First of all, back up all the files you wish not to lose (do it using your computer or a SD card). Backing up applications on Gionee F103 is not advisable as they might be the reason your device is malfunctioning. After the hard reset, install them one by one monitoring the reactions of your Gionee F103. After having saved all personal data, delete them in order to prevent the accidental formatting while performing the hard reset operation.. I have forgotten the screen lock code I have forgotten the screen lock code. I have forgotten the screen lock code for Gionee F103. The system should alert you after having typed it wrong password five times. Wait for about 30 seconds and try typing it again. In the left corner of the unlock interface there should be “Forgotten the password”. Now input your Google Account password and the Gionee F103 should be unlocked.. First option – If you have a Google Account, you remember the password to it and you have the Internet connection. You can perform the following steps:. Second option – Gionee F103 without Google Account. However, be aware that you may lose all data on your Gionee F103. I have forgotten a PIN code I have forgotten a PIN code. I have forgotten a PIN code for Gionee F103. Important thing to remember – do not enter the PIN code more than twice if you are unsure of its combination (it will result in blocking the Gionee F103 by the SIM. Using hard reset operation here will not help. The only thing you can do is contact the customer service of you provider and ask for PUK code to unblock your Gionee F103.. What gets deleted What gets deleted. What gets deleted from Gionee F103 during a hard reset?. Hard reset on Gionee F103 will delete all user data and customer settings (anything that was not originally there). After this operation your device will be the same as if it came right from the store.. Is It Safe to Format Factory Reset Is It Safe to Format Factory Reset. Is It Safe to Format Factory Reset Gionee F103?. Using one of the hard reset methods on Gionee F103 is safe and should not affect the device in any other way than it is supposed to (clearing all data and reinstalling the default setting).. How will factory reset affect the voicemail messages How will factory reset affect the voicemail messages. How will factory reset affect the voicemail messages on my Gionee F103?. Usually voicemails are stored by your network provider and not your Gionee F103 internal storage. That is why they should not be affacted in any way while performing a factory data reset.. I have forgotten the security password. What should I do? I have forgotten the security password. I have forgotten the security password for my Gionee F103. Just make Hard Reset Gionee F103 or try uploading a new firmware on your Gionee F103. That way you will restore the default password but also lose all data on your device.. I have performed a Factory Data Reset. Do I need to update the system again? I have performed a Factory Data Reset. Do I need to update the system again?. I have performed a Factory Data Reset on Gionee F103. Do I need to update the system again?. Software on your Gionee F103 will not be affected by hard reset and will remain the same as before.. How to make our device run faster and more responsive? How to make our device run faster and more responsive?. How to make Gionee F103 run faster and more responsive?. Perform hard reset on Gionee F103. However, this may only be a temporary solution as when you start using your device again you may stumble upon the same problems. By doing that regularly you will make sure that Gionee F103 performance is as good as possible. Always monitor the internal memory space – too little of it may cause serious problems with Gionee F103 performance. Make sure that all your files such as photos and videos are on external memory (like SD memory card). Search for some application on Google Play Store which may be useful to upgrade your Gionee F103 performance. (for example an antivirus app, startup manager, app cache cleaner). Applications which you do not used should be uninstalled. Will factory reset unroot Will factory reset unroot. Will factory reset unroot my Gionee F103?. Factory data reset will not unroot Gionee F103 nor remove any custom ROM or software changes. If you wish to remove your customed operating system, you can do it by installing another custom operating system (which may include the original one).. How will factory reset affect the apps How will factory reset affect the apps. How will factory reset affect the apps on my Gionee F103?. The applications which were originally installed on your Gionee F103 will remain there with default settings after performing a hard reset operation. Others, which were purchased or installed will be erased from device. What are the Developer Options What are the Developer Options. What are the Developer Options in Gionee F103.. This is a secret set of options. Usually, it is use by developers to test software and apps they wrote for Andorid devices. You also may find here helpful and useful options such as:. Is it possible to recover data in our device after factory reset? Is it possible to recover data in our device after factory reset?. Is it possible to recover data in Gionee F103 after factory reset?. The simplest way is by using Android Data Recovery tool. That why, after having your data deleted or resetted to factory setting, you may still be able to recover thing like photos, videos, messages, contacts, call history etc.. How will factory reset affect the SD card How will factory reset affect the SD card. How will factory reset affect the SD card in Gionee F103?. Performing a hard reset on Gionee F103 will not erase the data on your external memory card. On some devices there may be an option to format the SD card. This option is usually not selected by default but keep that in mind when resetting your device and make sure you don’t select it.. How does a factory reset exactly work How does a factory reset exactly work. How does a factory reset exactly work in Gionee F103?. Factory data reset on Gionee F103 deletes the addresses of all of your data but does not overwrites it. That way the device does not longer know where exactly the data is stored. There are ways to recover it.. What can I do after rooting What can I do after rooting. What can I do after rooting Gionee F103?. After rooting Gionee F103 you can overclock the processor which will speed up your device (but may eat a lot of battery juice). Installing a custom ROM is also a good idea ( ROM – the unofficial version of Android on your device). It may solve a lot of problems but is a very dangerous and not recommended operation.. You can also delete unwanted applications on your Gionee F103. Use a backup app in order to back up applications in case you needed to restore it in the future. Remember not to delete any system applications!. How will factory reset affect my points and levels in games installed How will factory reset affect my points and levels in games installed. How will factory reset affect my points and levels in games installed on Gionee F103?. If the application or game is installed on Gionee F103 internal storage, it will get deleted after performing a hard reset operation. If this concerns you, you can always find out if it is possible to back up this particular game and if so, how to do it and how to restore the information later.. Leave a Reply Cancel reply. Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *. Powered by WordPress | Designed by TieLabs. © Copyright 2018, All Rights Reserved. 
Largest Gadget Discovery Site in India. OnePlus 5T Xiaomi Redmi 5A Apple iPhone X Honor 7X Oppo F5. Updated on: Feb 26, 2018. Market status: Available in India. A popular company from China, Gionee entered the Indian markets in 2012. The company has come out with various innovative handsets from time to time such as the 'slimmest phone' or 'phone with highest battery capacity'.. Gionee has above 900 service centres all over India.. Toll Free Number: 1800 208 1166. Overview Prices User Reviews Specs competitors Q&A. Gionee F103 details Average battery backup Read more. Robust configuration Good front camera Dual LED Flash Attractive design. Gionee F103 is stylish on the outside and impressive on the inside. It boasts of powerful performance along with good cameras and most importantly, it is also upgradable to the latest Android Lollipop v5.0. Go for this one if you want to enjoy the experience of a smartphone at an affordable cost.. The Gionee F103 houses a 5-inch IPS LCD multi touch display with HD resolution and a pixel density of 294ppi. It looks very stylish in its seamless unibody design which has an impressive thickness of 7.7mm.. On the inside, it is packed with a 1.3GHz quad-core Cortex A53 processor sitting on Mediatek MT6735 chipset and a 2GB RAM. It runs on Android v5.0 (Lollipop) OS.. The Gionee F103 features an 8MP camera at the back which supports LED flash; autofocus and houses another 5MP front snapper for selfies and video calls. It has an expandable memory of 32GB.. The Gionee F103 is fuelled by a sealed 2,400mAh Li-ion battery which claims to provide decent usage time. Connectivity options include 3G, 4G, Wi-Fi, Bluetooth v4.0, GPS/A-GPS, a microUSB and a USB port.. Gionee F103 price in India starts from Rs. The lowest price of Gionee F103 is Rs. The latest price of this phone is updated on Feb 26, 2018.. Extra 5% off with Axis Bank Buzz Credit Card Apply for Credit Card @ BankBazaar». First time mobile buyers, Get Extra 10% off on your next purchase on select fashion products. Extra 5% off with Axis Bank Buzz Credit Card. Extra 5% off with Axis Bank Buzz Credit Card Apply for Credit Card @ BankBazaar» .. First time mobile buyers, Get Extra 10% off on your next purchase on select fashion products.. Sorry, we could not find any store with selected criteria.. Disclaimer: The price & specs shown may be different from actual. Please confirm on the retailer site before purchasing. Apply for a credit card on bankbazaar.com, and get free Amazon vouchers worth Rs. Performance ▾. Group: 8 - 12 K Phones Based on specs, benchmarks & expert ratings. See Best Performance Phones in 8 - 12 K. 8 - 12 K Phones All Phones. Display ▾. Group: 8 - 12 K Phones Based on specs, benchmarks & expert ratings. See Phones with Best Display in 8 - 12 K. 8 - 12 K Phones All Phones. Camera ▾. Rear Camera compared to. Group: 8 - 12 K Phones Based on specs, benchmarks & expert ratings. See Best Rear Camera Phones in 8 - 12 K. 8 - 12 K Phones All Phones. Battery ▾. Group: 8 - 12 K Phones Based on specs, benchmarks & expert ratings. See Phones with Best Battery Life in 8 - 12 K. 8 - 12 K Phones All Phones. Supports Indian bands 16 GB + 32 GB Expandable Dual SIM FM Radio. Top 10 mobile phones in India. Top 10 4G Mobiles Below 10000. Mobile Phones in range of 5000 to 10000. Review talking about - Read all Great camera Reviews. BASED ON 269 RATING(S). 22 Oct 2015 By Kalyan Das On flipkart.com. gionee f103 i bought just 4 days ago. it has many issue, it has booting problem ,restart 2 to 3 times before it launch at start up and some times hang with some apps and also battery is bad. but if u have problem with gionee mobile u have to suffer as most of the case the service centre send it to delhi office and it will take around 1 months to have ur phone.. 30 Jan 2016 By jaya roy On flipkart.com. Is excellently working till date. It is also a sexier phn. .the structure of this phn impressed for buying. 8 - 12 K Phones all phones. 4G: Available (supports Indian bands) 3G: Available, 2G: Available. Group: 8 - 12 K Phones Based on specs, benchmarks & expert ratings See Slimmest Phones in 8 - 12 K. 8 - 12 K Phones All Phones. 5.0 inches (12.7 cm) Screen Resolution. HD (720 x 1280 pixels) Pixel Density. Capacitive Touchscreen, Multi-touch Screen to Body Ratio. Group: 8 - 12 K Phones Based on specs, benchmarks & expert ratings See Phones with Best Display in 8 - 12 K. 8 - 12 K Phones All Phones. Pixel Density compared to. Group: 8 - 12 K Phones Based on specs, benchmarks & expert ratings See Phones with Sharpest Screen in 8 - 12 K. 8 - 12 K Phones All Phones. Quad core, 1.3 GHz, Cortex A53. Group: 8 - 12 K Phones Based on specs, benchmarks & expert ratings See Best Performance Phones in 8 - 12 K. 8 - 12 K Phones All Phones. Group: 8 - 12 K Phones Based on specs, benchmarks & expert ratings See Phones with Best Processor in 8 - 12 K. 8 - 12 K Phones All Phones. Quad core, 1.3 GHz, Cortex A53, Chipset: Mediatek MT6735. Octa core, 1.4 GHz, Cortex A7, Chipset: Mediatek MT6592M. Octa core, 2.2 GHz, Cortex A53, Chipset: Qualcomm MSM8953 Pro Snapdragon 626. Group: 8 - 12 K Phones Based on specs, benchmarks & expert ratings See Phones with Highest RAM in 8 - 12 K. 8 - 12 K Phones All Phones. Group: 8 - 12 K Phones Based on specs, benchmarks & expert ratings See Phones with Best Storage in 8 - 12 K. 8 - 12 K Phones All Phones. Internal Memory compared to. Group: 8 - 12 K Phones Based on specs, benchmarks & expert ratings See Phones with Highest Internal Memory in 8 - 12 K. 8 - 12 K Phones All Phones. Exposure compensation, ISO control Shooting Modes. Continuos Shooting, High Dynamic Range mode (HDR) Camera Features. Digital Zoom, Auto Flash, Digital image stabilization, Face detection, Touch to focus Video Recording. Rear Camera compared to. Group: 8 - 12 K Phones Based on specs, benchmarks & expert ratings See Best Rear Camera Phones in 8 - 12 K. 8 - 12 K Phones All Phones. Main Camera compared to. Group: 8 - 12 K Phones Based on specs, benchmarks & expert ratings See Phones with Best Main Camera in 8 - 12 K. 8 - 12 K Phones All Phones. Front Camera compared to. Group: 8 - 12 K Phones Based on specs, benchmarks & expert ratings See Phones with Highest Front Camera Resolution in 8 - 12 K. 8 - 12 K Phones All Phones. Group: 8 - 12 K Phones Based on specs, benchmarks & expert ratings See Phones with Best Battery Life in 8 - 12 K. 8 - 12 K Phones All Phones. 4G (supports Indian bands), 3G, 2G SIM 1 SIM 2 Wi-Fi. TD-LTE 2300(band 40) FD-LTE 1800(band 3). UMTS 1900 / 2100 / 850 / 900 MHz. GSM 1800 / 1900 / 850 / 900 MHz. GSM 1800 / 1900 / 850 / 900 MHz. Disclaimer: The price & specs shown may be different from actual. Please confirm on the retailer site before purchasing. Show only Android Gionee Phablet Dual SIM Camera 5 MP & above. I don't want to see this. More RAM: 3 GB vs 2 GB. Higher primary camera resolution: 13 MP vs 8 MP. More expandable memory: 128 GB vs 32 GB. OS: Android Screen size: 5 inches Processor:. Quad core 1.3 GHz Battery capacity: 2400 mAH SIM card slots: 2 Pixel density: 294 ppi Internal Memory: 16 GB 1798 people viewed together 704 people compared together. More thickness: 8.5 mm vs 7.9 mm. I don't want to see this. THIS COMPETITOR HAS OS: Android Screen size: 5 inches. More expandable memory: 128 GB vs 32 GB. Lower battery capacity: 2300 mAH vs 2400 mAH. Quad core 1.3 GHz RAM: 2 GB Primary camera: 8 MP SIM card slots: 2 Pixel density: 294 ppi Internal Memory: 16 GB 205 people compared together. I don't want to see this. Higher primary camera resolution: 13 MP vs 8 MP. Higher pixel density: 298 ppi vs 294 ppi. More expandable memory: 128 GB vs 32 GB. OS: Android RAM: 2 GB SIM card slots: 2 Internal Memory: 16 GB 273 people compared together. Higher secondary camera resolution: 8 MP vs 5 MP. Lesser thickness: 7.1 mm vs 7.9 mm. Smaller screen : 4.93 inches vs 5 inches. Quad core 1.2 GHz vs Quad core 1.3 GHz. Lower battery capacity: 2300 mAH vs 2400 mAH. I don't want to see this. Quad core 1.4 GHz vs Quad core 1.3 GHz. Higher primary camera resolution: 13 MP vs 8 MP. Higher battery capacity: 3120 mAH vs 2400 mAH. OS: Android Screen size: 5 inches RAM: 2 GB SIM card slots: 2 Pixel density: 294 ppi Internal Memory: 16 GB 97 people compared together. More expandable memory: 128 GB vs 32 GB. More thickness: 8.5 mm vs 7.9 mm. I don't want to see this. Larger screen: 5.5 inches vs 5 inches. Octa core 1.7 GHz vs Quad core 1.3 GHz. Higher primary camera resolution: 13 MP vs 8 MP. OS: Android RAM: 2 GB SIM card slots: 2 Internal Memory: 16 GB 1225 people viewed together 522 people compared together. Higher battery capacity: 2900 mAH vs 2400 mAH. Higher pixel density: 401 ppi vs 294 ppi. More thickness: 8 mm vs 7.9 mm. I don't want to see this. Octa core 1.7 GHz vs Quad core 1.3 GHz. Higher primary camera resolution: 13 MP vs 8 MP. Higher pixel density: 441 ppi vs 294 ppi. OS: Android Screen size: 5 inches RAM: 2 GB Internal Memory: 16 GB 455 people viewed together 491 people compared together. Lesser thickness: 5.5 mm vs 7.9 mm. Lower battery capacity: 2300 mAH vs 2400 mAH. Lesser SIM card slots: 1 vs 2. View all FAQs about Gionee F103. Please write your question as a complete sentence while asking a new question. Write Your Question as a complete sentence, then press Ask a Question. Does Gionee F103 support fast charging?. Answered by Rakesh Nath | 6 months ago. It does not support fast charging. gionee f103 and mi note 3s?. Answered by Aaditya Chopra | 6 months ago. Note 3S is better than Gionee F103 as it has Around 50% more RAM than Gionee F103. More RAM means more applications can run at the same time, which makes the device faster, and. Around 10% bigger screen than Gionee F103. Reading, browsing the internet and watching movies is more pleasing experience on a bigger screen.. Asked By rahuljaish45 | 2 months ago. People who viewed Gionee F103 also viewed. Subscribe for top stories, new launches & expert reviews!. Home | Privacy | Sitemap | About Us | Contact Us | Visitor Agreement | Terms & Conditions |. News & Reviews | हिंदी न्यूज़. 
HOW TO ROOT GIONEE F103 [MARSHMALLOW 6.0][INSTALL TWRP. Posted in: Custom Roms | Tagged: Bug Free , Custom Roms , Flash stock rom , install TWRP recovery , root gionee F103 , Smooth ROM. January 6, 2017 January 11, 2017. Download the above files and extract them in a folder(No need to download Stock Recovery and Stock ROM/Firmware ). Place the Super Su in your internal or external memory. Go to your mobile setting and tap on about phone. Click on Build Number five times to get in developer mode. Now click on additional settings and. Now enable USB Debugging mode. Then switch off your phone and connect to PC using USB cable. Install drivers and remove your phone. Now open the extracted folder of SP Flash tool and run Flash Tool.exe. Click on scatter loading and then browse the TWRP recovery folder and select scatter file. Now click on download button. Then switch off your phone and connect to PC using USB cable and press volume up button. The recovery will get flashed automatically. Now remove your phone, insert battery and switch it on in recovery mode by pressing and holding POWER + Volume UP. Now select install and and select SuperSu Zip file and swipe to install. Now reboot your phone. Booting will take upto 15 minutes so don’t worry about it. In this way you have successfully rooted and installed TWRP recovery on your Gionee F103.. Hey guys today i will tell you how to install TWRP recovery and ROOT your Gionee F103 device. You just need to download following files and follow the steps given below.. Rooting and flashing custom recoveries, ROMs etc. on your device may void your warranty and even brick your device. For any such situations I m not responsible for any kind of damage to your device. Follow this procedure at your own risk.. If you face any problem then refer to the video given below or comment me.. Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) More. Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window) Click to share on Tumblr (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window). HOW TO UNBRICK MICROMAX BOLT D321[FLASH STOCK. 13 thoughts on “ HOW TO ROOT GIONEE F103 [MARSHMALLOW 6.0][INSTALL TWRP. May 1, 2017 at 7:22 pm. Like Liked by 1 person. May 9, 2017 at 8:58 am. It already told in this tutorial. May 31, 2017 at 11:53 pm. tell me sir, ,,sp tools,recovery, that all zip file, ,,apne pc me kaise laye kya, ,usey apne phone se copy karna chahiye ya wo apne aap ati hai,,,,,,driver install karne ke baad, ,,pls tell mi, ,,,,. aur haa maine sub karke dekha lekin flash tool se recovery download nahi hoti kya karu. June 9, 2017 at 11:47 pm. July 8, 2017 at 7:02 pm. Mera mobile root nai ho raha Kya karoo Pmt update krne ke liye bol raha hai. July 21, 2017 at 2:52 pm. how long it will take after pressed download button. September 2, 2017 at 11:33 pm. i try so much base on flowing youtube videos step by step. but when i my mobile connecting with pc insert battery then prees volume +. September 6, 2017 at 5:54 pm. I have completed up to step 13(get flashed) but after that can’t continue further process. By pressing volume up + power button or by pressing power button it doesnot appear any message.. October 29, 2017 at 8:59 pm. same here bro..What to do? Please solve it. November 16, 2017 at 2:48 pm. cant download flash file after removing battery and pressing volume up button……is it problem because i update my system softwere….if so then please tell me how to remove system update……... November 18, 2017 at 1:54 pm. Can you please help me in installing custom roms on my Gionee f103. I searched xda developers for custom roms installation but landed up bricking my device. Now I have installed the stock firmware using so flash tool. Whenever I flash a custom ROM it goes into bootloop where the Gionee logo is shown. I rooted my Gionee from your guidance and it went good. Please help me in installing custom ROMs please. December 26, 2017 at 7:54 am. if i do this will it change net work from 2g to 4g. January 12, 2018 at 7:43 pm. But what I’ll do to root gionee p5l where is the file of gionee p5l. Leave a Reply Cancel reply. Fill in your details below or click an icon to log in:. Email (required) (Address never made public). You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. You are commenting using your Twitter account. You are commenting using your Facebook account. You are commenting using your Google+ account. Notify me of new comments via email.. HOW TO ROOT GIONEE F103 [MARSHMALLOW 6.0][INSTALL TWRP. HOW TO UNBRICK MICROMAX BOLT D321[FLASH STOCK. [MIUI 8] HOW TO INSTALL MIUI 8 IN LENOVO. How to downgrade Lenovo A6000 plus from Lollipop to. How to install TWRP recovery on Lenovo A6000. MUKHTAR AHMAD on [PERMANENTLY] FIX IMEI INVALID… jayesh on HOW TO ROOT GIONEE F103 [MARSH… saleem on HOW TO ROOT GIONEE F103 [MARSH… vamshi on How to install TWRP recovery o… yesh on How to install TWRP recovery o…. Author Anurag Tripathi Find me View anu1305’s profile on Facebook View anu_shiva’s profile on Instagram View anurag tripathi’s profile on YouTube Blog Stats. Follow me on Twitter My Tweets. 2 3 4 5 6 7 8. 9 10 11 12 13 14 15. 16 17 18 19 20 21 22. 23 24 25 26 27 28 29. Enter your email address to follow this blog and receive notifications of new posts by email.. Create a free website or blog at WordPress.com.. 
Mobiles / Gionee Mobile Phones / Gionee F103 Price in India. Market Status: Available in India User Visits: 69 Launch Date in India: 01 September, 2015 Compare. Gionee is a Chinese brand that has been around for a while now and is known for its slim smartphones in the Indian market. This brand is known majorly for its Elife series of smartphones, which accounts for some premium handsets with sleekest form factor. However, now the brand is branching out and is launching new devices outside of its Elife series. Gionee F103 is one such handset and has been placed in budget segment under INR 10,000. This is the brief overview of the handset for the benefit of our readers.. The design of the handset is quite attractive with a bar form factor and polycarbonate make. This handset boasts of metallic sheen on its sides and glossy finish on front and the back. At first glance, the handset vaguely resembles Sony Xperia Z, which is a good thing.. Gionee has equipped the new handset with a 5-inch display that is ideal for watching videos and playing visual games. The display of the handset offers a resolution of 1280 x 720 pixels for allowing its users to enjoy HD content.. The user experience offered by the handset is one of the best in this segment since it comes with Android 5.0 Lollipop operating system pre-installed in it. Moreover, the Amigo UI 3.0 running on top of the stock Android enhances the whole user experience to another level.. The performance offered by the handset is quite commendable since it has been equipped with a 1.3 GHz Quad core processor. There is 2 GB of RAM at the disposal of processor for a smooth and effective performance. The rear panel of this handset houses a 2400 mAh battery that can easily last a whole day on moderate usage.. The primary camera on the rear panel of Gionee F103 is a powerful 8 Megapixels module, which is accompanied with an LED flash. The front panel of the smartphone also houses a good 5 Megapixels camera for those who love to click selfies.. On connectivity front, this dual SIM handset has been blessed with support for both 4G LTE and 3G connectivity for high speed Internet access. Other connectivity options on the handset include Wi-Fi, Wi-Fi Direct, microUSB, Bluetooth and GPS.. This handset is an attempt by the device maker to offer an impressive budget smartphone , however, it fails miserable in the face of competition. If you are willing to shell out INR 9000 or so, we suggest you to check Motorola Moto G Second Generation, Lenovo K3 Note, Meizu M2 and Meizu M2 Note. This handset can be given a miss in the light of such tough contenders.. 9,700 .00. 9,599 .00. Extra 5% off with Axis Bank Buzz Credit Card Apply for Credit Card @ BankBazaar».. First time mobile buyers, Get Extra 10% off on your next purchase on select fashion products.. 8,999 .00. Gionee F103 Price in India starts from. The lowest Gionee F103 price in India is. 8,999 at Croma.com on 26 February, 2018. available on amazon.in, flipkart.com and croma.com. You can avail the option of Cash on Delivery (COD) and. The Gionee F103 is available in Black. The price is valid in all major cities of India including Bangalore, Hyderabad,. All prices are in Indian Rupees.. 3 /5 (219 User Reviews). Apply for a credit card on bankbazaar.com, and get free Amazon vouchers worth Rs. 1.3 GHz Core 2 GB RAM 16 GB Storage 5.0" (12.7 cm) Display 2400 mAh Battery 8 MP Rear Camera 5 MP Front Camera Dual SIM No Quick Charging. We will notify you as soon as price of Gionee F103 Drops from 9,700. Also get the latest launches, top stories & best deals right in your inbox.. We will notify you as soon as price of Gionee F103 Drops from 9,700. Case: Metal Back: Metal Side: Metal. 146 x 70.3 x 7.9 mm. 1.3 GHz 64 bit (Cortex A53). Geo tagging, High Dynamic Range mode (HDR). Handset, Battery, Charger, User Manual, Warranty Card. Disclaimer: The specifications shown may be different from actual. Please confirm with the retailer site before purchasing.. Lenovo Vibe K5 Plus 3GB RAM. Compare Gionee F103 vs Gionee F103 Pro. Compare Gionee F103 vs Gionee P7. Compare Gionee F103 vs LG X screen. Compare Gionee F103 vs Lenovo K3 Note. Compare Gionee F103 vs Gionee Elife S5.5. Compare Gionee F103 vs Lenovo Vibe K5 Plus 3GB RAM. Compare Gionee F103 vs Samsung Galaxy J5 8GB. Compare Gionee F103 vs Yu Yuphoria. Compare Gionee F103 vs Gionee S6s. Compare Gionee F103 vs Gionee Pioneer P5L 2016. Compare Gionee F103 vs Gionee P7 Max. Compare Gionee F103 vs Lenovo A6000 Plus. Compare Gionee F103 vs Lava Iris X5 4G. Compare Gionee F103 vs Oppo A37. Compare Gionee F103 vs Gionee M5 Lite. Gionee Mobiles Upcoming Gionee Mobiles Gionee Mobiles Under 5000 Gionee Mobiles Under 6000 Gionee 4G Mobiles Gionee Fingerprint Scanner Mobiles Gionee 4GB RAM Mobiles Gionee 4G Mobiles Under 10000. Upcoming Mobiles Latest Mobiles Best 4G Mobiles Best Fingerprint Scanner Mobiles Best Mobiles Best 4GB RAM Mobiles Best Waterproof Mobiles Best Android Mobiles Best Camera Mobiles Best Keypad Mobiles. Xiaomi Mobiles Nokia Mobiles Vivo Mobiles Oppo Mobiles Lenovo Mobiles Gionee Mobiles Sony Mobiles HTC Mobiles Apple Mobiles Samsung Mobiles. Overview Review Prices Specs Alternatives. 
Our new search experience requires JavaScript to be enabled. Please enable JavaScript on your browser , then try again .. All Categories Antiques Art Baby Books Business & Industrial Cameras & Photo Cell Phones & Accessories Clothing, Shoes & Accessories Coins & Paper Money Collectibles Computers/Tablets & Networking Consumer Electronics Crafts Dolls & Bears DVDs & Movies eBay Motors Entertainment Memorabilia Gift Cards & Coupons Health & Beauty Home & Garden Jewelry & Watches Music Musical Instruments & Gear Pet Supplies Pottery & Glass Real Estate Specialty Services Sporting Goods Sports Mem, Cards & Fan Shop Stamps Tickets & Experiences Toys & Hobbies Travel Video Games & Consoles Everything Else. Hi ( Sign in to bid or buy) Daily Deals Gift Cards Help & Contact Sell. Summary Recently Viewed Bids/Offers Watch List Purchase History Selling Saved Searches Saved Sellers Messages. Refine your search for gionee f103. All Listings - Current page. Save gionee f103 to get e-mail alerts and updates on your eBay Feed.. Unfollow gionee f103 to stop getting updates on your eBay Feed.. You'll receive email and Feed alerts when new items arrive. Afghanistan - AFG Albania - ALB Algeria - DZA American Samoa - ASM Andorra - AND Angola - AGO Anguilla - AIA Antigua and Barbuda - ATG Argentina - ARG Armenia - ARM Aruba - ABW Australia - AUS Austria - AUT Azerbaijan Republic - AZE Bahamas - BHS Bahrain - BHR Bangladesh - BGD Barbados - BRB Belarus - BLR Belgium - BEL Belize - BLZ Benin - BEN Bermuda - BMU Bhutan - BTN Bolivia - BOL Bosnia and Herzegovina - BIH Botswana - BWA Brazil - BRA British Virgin Islands - VGB Brunei Darussalam - BRN Bulgaria - BGR Burkina Faso - BFA Burma - MMR Burundi - BDI Cambodia - KHM Cameroon - CMR Canada - CAN Cape Verde Islands - CPV Cayman Islands - CYM Central African Republic - CAF Chad - TCD Chile - CHL China - CHN Colombia - COL Comoros - COM Congo, Democratic Republic of the - COD Congo, Republic of the - COG Cook Islands - COK Costa Rica - CRI Cote d Ivoire (Ivory Coast) - CIV Croatia, Republic of - HRV Cyprus - CYP Czech Republic - CZE Denmark - DNK Djibouti - DJI Dominica - DMA Dominican Republic - DOM Ecuador - ECU Egypt - EGY El Salvador - SLV Equatorial Guinea - GNQ Eritrea - ERI Estonia - EST Ethiopia - ETH Falkland Islands (Islas Malvinas) - FLK Fiji - FJI Finland - FIN France - FRA French Guiana - GUF French Polynesia - PYF Gabon Republic - GAB Gambia - GMB Georgia - GEO Germany - DEU Ghana - GHA Gibraltar - GIB Greece - GRC Greenland - GRL Grenada - GRD Guadeloupe - GLP Guam - GUM Guatemala - GTM Guernsey - GGY Guinea - GIN Guinea-Bissau - GNB Guyana - GUY Haiti - HTI Honduras - HND Hong Kong - HKG Hungary - HUN Iceland - ISL India - IND Indonesia - IDN Ireland - IRL Israel - ISR Italy - ITA Jamaica - JAM Japan - JPN Jersey - JEY Jordan - JOR Kazakhstan - KAZ Kenya - KEN Kiribati - KIR Korea, South - KOR Kuwait - KWT Kyrgyzstan - KGZ Laos - LAO Latvia - LVA Lebanon - LBN Liechtenstein - LIE Lithuania - LTU Luxembourg - LUX Macau - MAC Macedonia - MKD Madagascar - MDG Malawi - MWI Malaysia - MYS Maldives - MDV Mali - MLI Malta - MLT Marshall Islands - MHL Martinique - MTQ Mauritania - MRT Mauritius - MUS Mayotte - MYT Mexico - MEX Micronesia - FSM Moldova - MDA Monaco - MCO Mongolia - MNG Montenegro - MNE Montserrat - MSR Morocco - MAR Mozambique - MOZ Namibia - NAM Nauru - NRU Nepal - NPL Netherlands - NLD Netherlands Antilles - ANT New Caledonia - NCL New Zealand - NZL Nicaragua - NIC Niger - NER Nigeria - NGA Niue - NIU Norway - NOR Oman - OMN Pakistan - PAK Palau - PLW Panama - PAN Papua New Guinea - PNG Paraguay - PRY Peru - PER Philippines - PHL Poland - POL Portugal - PRT Puerto Rico - PRI Qatar - QAT Reunion - REU Romania - ROU Russian Federation - RUS Rwanda - RWA Saint Helena - SHN Saint Kitts-Nevis - KNA Saint Lucia - LCA Saint Pierre and Miquelon - SPM Saint Vincent and the Grenadines - VCT San Marino - SMR Saudi Arabia - SAU Senegal - SEN Serbia - SRB Seychelles - SYC Sierra Leone - SLE Singapore - SGP Slovakia - SVK Slovenia - SVN Solomon Islands - SLB Somalia - SOM South Africa - ZAF Spain - ESP Sri Lanka - LKA Suriname - SUR Swaziland - SWZ Sweden - SWE Switzerland - CHE Taiwan - TWN Tajikistan - TJK Tanzania - TZA Thailand - THA Togo - TGO Tonga - TON Trinidad and Tobago - TTO Tunisia - TUN Turkey - TUR Turkmenistan - TKM Turks and Caicos Islands - TCA Tuvalu - TUV Uganda - UGA Ukraine - UKR United Arab Emirates - ARE United Kingdom - UK United States - USA Uruguay - URU Uzbekistan - UZB Vanuatu - VUT Vatican City State - VAT Venezuela - VEN Vietnam - VNM Virgin Islands (U.S) - VIR Wallis and Futuna - WLF Western Sahara - ESH Western Samoa - WSM Yemen - YEM Zambia - ZMB Zimbabwe - ZWE. Gionee F103 Pro Unlocked Dual Sim 5inch 1.3Ghz Quad Core 13MP 16GB 4G 2400mah. GIONEE F103 PRO 5" LCD+SCREEN TOUCH DISPLAY LCD+TOUCH SCREEN SCHERMO ECRAN. For Gionee F103 New TPU Matte Mist Gel skin case cover. For Gionee F103 - Clip On PU Leather Wallet Case & Powerbank. For Gionee F103 - Clip On Fabric / PU Leather Wallet Case Cover. For Gionee F103 - Clip On PU Leather Wallet Case & Earphone. For Gionee F103 Crystal Clear hard case DIY cover. For Gionee F103 - Adjustable Design PU Leather Flip Case. 3pcs For Gionee F103 Good Touch Matte,Anti Scratch High Clear Screen Film. For Gionee F103 - Clip Printed Series PU Leather Wallet Case. 3pcs For Gionee F103 High Clear/Matte/An ti Blue Ray Screen Protector. GIONEE F103 5" SCREEN TOUCH TOUCH SCREEN DIGITIZER SCHERMO ECRAN. For Gionee F100 F103 S7 GN9006 2X Glass Film 3D Silicone Case Cover Dog Zebra. For Gionee F103 5.0" 1M Sync Data Cable Chager Silk Flip Cover Case PU Leather. For Gionee F100 F103 S7 GN9006 2X Glass Film 3D Silicone Cover Case Zebra Dog. Customised Personalized Print Your Picture Mobile Cover Case Gionee F103. For Gionee F103B 5.0" PU Leather Wallet Card Slot Stand Flip Cover Case Luxury. High Quality Flip PU Leather Case For Gionee P8w S10C S10 S10B S9 F5 V183 S6 S11. New Retro Leather Magnetic Flip Card Wallet Case Cover For Gionee M7 S10C S10 S9. Luxury 3D Unicorn PU Leather Magnetic Flip Stand Wallet Cover Case For Gionee. For Xiaomi/Redmi All Phone Models Bling Glitter Diamond Soft Silicone Case Cover. Universal Flower Pattern Case Cover Pouch for Smartphone Phablets XXFL-7. Simple Protective Wallet Case Clutch Cover for Smart-Phones ESXLWL-17. For Gionee F103 5.0" 1M Sync Data Cable Chager Silk Flip Case Cover PU Leather. For Gionee F100 F103 S7 GN9006 Glass Film 3D Silicone Case Cover Zebra Dog. Womens Fashion Smart-Phone Wallet Case Cover & Evening Purse EI64-13. Universal Genuine Leather Vertical Protective Phone Sleeve Pouch Case Cover MO5. Convertible Aztec Smart-Phone Wallet Case Cover & Crossbody Clutch XLUC8. Womens Fashion Smart-Phone Wallet Case Cover & Crossbody Purse EI64-13. Shockproof Handle Strap Carry Case Wallet Bag Cover Pouch for Gionee Smartphone. For Gionee F103 - White Selfie 36 LED Ring Flash Fill Light Clip Camera. Shockproof Cell Phone Case Bag Protector Carry Cover Pouch For Gionee Smartphone. For Gionee F103 Pro - 2 Pack Tempered Glass Screen Protector. For Gionee F103 - Portable Backup Battery Power Bank USB 2600 mAh. Genuine Touch Screen for Gionee F103 Pantalla Tactil Digiziter Replacement. Original New Pantalla Tactil Digiziter Replacement for Gionee F103 Touch Screen. For Xiaomi Gionee Lenovo Phones Tempered Glass Anti-Scratch Screen Protector. Customized Personalized Print Your Photo Mobile Cover Case Gionee F103 PB. 3X EZguardz LCD Screen Protector Skin Cover Shield HD 3X For Gionee F103 (Clear). Customised Personalized Print Your Picture Mobile Cover Case Gionee F103. For Gionee F103B - Genuine Tempered Glass Screen Protector. 360° Universal In Car Dashboard Cell Mobile Phone GPS Mount Holder Cradle Stand. Universal Car Windscreen/ Dashboard Holder Mount Stand Cradle for Cell Phone GPS. Celicious Vivid Gionee F103 Pro Invisible Screen Protector [Pack of 2]. Celicious Vivid Gionee F103 Invisible Screen Protector [Pack of 2]. Celicious Matte Gionee F103 Anti-Glare Screen Protector [Pack of 2]. Celicious Impact Gionee F103 Anti-Shock Screen Protector. Celicious Privacy Gionee F103 Pro 2-Way Visual Black Out Screen Protector. Celicious Impact Gionee F103 Pro Anti-Shock Screen Protector. Celicious Matte Gionee F103 Pro Anti-Glare Screen Protector [Pack of 2]. Celicious Privacy Gionee F103 2-Way Visual Black Out Screen Protector. Celicious Privacy Plus Gionee F103 4-Way Visual Black Out Screen Protector. Celicious Privacy Plus Gionee F103 Pro 4-Way Visual Black Out Screen Protector. 360° Universal Car Dashboard Mount Holder Stand Cradle For Cell Mobile Phone GPS. Clip On PU Leather Flip Wallet Book Case Cover For Gionee F103. For Gionee F103B 5.0" PU Leather Wallet Card Slot Stand Flip Cover Case Luxury. For Gionee F100 F103 S7 GN9006 2X Glass Film 3D Silicone Case Cover Dog Zebra. eBay determines this price through a machine learned model of the product's sale prices within the last 90 days.. eBay determines trending price through a machine learned model of the product’s sale prices within the last 90 days. "New" refers to a brand-new, unused, unopened, undamaged item, and "Used" refers to an item that has been used previously.. Top Rated Plus Sellers with highest buyer ratings Returns, money back Ships in a business day with tracking Learn More. Top Rated Plus Sellers with highest buyer ratings Returns, money back Ships in a business day with tracking Learn More. Cell Phones, Smart Watches & Accessories. Cell Phone Cases, Covers & Skins. $ Enter minimum price to $ Enter maximum price. Please enter a minimum and/or maximum price before continuing.. Site Map Copyright © 1995-2018 eBay Inc. Accessibility , User Agreement , Privacy , Cookies and AdChoice Norton Secured - powered by Verisign. Amounts shown in italicized text are for items listed in currency other than U.S. dollars and are approximate conversions to U.S. dollars based upon Bloomberg's conversion rates. For more recent exchange rates, please use the Universal Currency Converter. Number of bids and bid amounts may be slightly out of date. See each listing for international shipping options and costs.. 
The next video is starting stop. Gionee F103 full review, benchmark, unboxing, battery and more. Want to watch this again later?. Sign in to add this video to a playlist.. Sign in to report inappropriate content.. Sign in to make your opinion count.. Sign in to make your opinion count.. The interactive transcript could not be loaded.. Rating is available when the video has been rented.. This feature is not available right now. Here is the full review of Gionee F103 a 64 bit quad core powered smartphone running lollipop with 2GB RAM and 16GB stroage. This is a dual SIM handset with 4G LTE support. This review covers unboxing, design, benchmark, gaming (faced issued with Asphalt 8 - hence installed Real Racing 3), camera and battery performance. The F103 comes with 8MP AF camera on the rear and a 5MP on the front. You can read the text review and check sample images at https://www.gogi.in/gionee-f103-revie.... When autoplay is enabled, a suggested video will automatically play next.. TOP 5 Features of Gionee F103 You Should Try. Gionee F103 PRO review in hindi. Gionee F103 Unboxing And Hands On Review. Gionee F103 Pattern lock hard reset. 6 Reasons why you should Buy Gionee Marathon M5. Rumor About NOKIA is Back To Market With Android+Windows Mobiles OS ? Is it True?. Gionee F103 Hands-on Overview and First Impressions. The Super Smartphone You've Never Heard Of.... Gionee F103 India Unboxing, Features, Quick Review and Camera Overview. Top 10 USES of OTG Cable that will BLOW YOUR MIND!. 5 Hidden Features Of Vivo V7 - You Should Know ! ( 2017 ). 7 WAYS to Unlock Android Pattern/Password [NO ROOT] | Without Loosing Data. Gionee F103 Unboxing and Hands on | Techniqued. Xiaomi Redmi Note 4 Water Test - Will It Survive?. Gionee F103 Pro Unboxing And Hands On Review By Intellect Digest. Reset Gionee F103 to Factory settings. Gionee Marathon M5 Unboxing & Hands on Review. Gionee Marathon M5 India Unboxing and Quick Review. Sign in to add this to Watch Later. 
Click here to find mobiles using filters related to price, features, brands etc.. add to compare price alert. Dual Sim, 4G, 3G, Wi-Fi Quad Core, 1.3 GHz Processor 2 GB RAM, 16 GB inbuilt 2400 mAh Battery 5 inches, 720 x 1280 px display 8 MP Rear + 5 MP Front Camera Memory Card Supported, upto 32 GB Android, v5.0. Unibody design LTE 4G compatibility Decent camera hardware. Shipping: FREE 4-6 Business Days. Shipping: FREE Delivery Time: NA. Shipping: FREE Delivery Time: NA. Gionee F103 Price In India is Rs. You Can Buy Gionee F103 Online After Finding Lowest Price Here. Gionee F103 Updated On February 26, 2018.. General: Dual Sim Android, v5.0 Slim 2400 mAH Battery Display: Touch 5 inches 720 x 1280 pixels Camera: 8 MP AutoFocus Flash 5 MP Front Camera Technical: 1.3 GHz, Quad Core Processor 2 GB RAM 16 GB Inbuilt Memory Memory Card Support, upto 32 GB Connectivity: 3G 4G WiFi Bluetooth GPS Extra: FM Radio 3.5mm Headphone Jack. Lenovo Vibe K5 Plus (3GB RAM). InFocus Turbo 5 (3GB RAM + 32GB). Use multiple sims at the same time. It allows you to use two services without the need to carry two mobile phones at the same time. Slimmer mobile phones are easier to carry and look more fashionable. Touch Displays offer a more interactive experience. Reading, browsing internet and watching videos is more pleasing experience on a bigger screen. Images, videos will look amazing on this sharp and clear screen. Text will be easier to read. Has a camera for taking photos. Having a camera flash allows you to take photos in low light. Front Camera enables you to take your own photos and do videocalling (on supported devices). Memory cards give your device more storage capacity. So you can store more songs, photos and videos. More storage allows you to store more songs, videos, photos and install more applications. More cores result in better parallelism, meaning more tasks can be processed in parallel without slowing down the User Interface. 3G Enabled Handsets give you more download speed and a faster internet experience. 4G Enabled Handsets give you more download speed and a faster internet experience than 3G. You can connect to wifi hotspots in your area to experience a superior internet experience. Bluetooth enables you to wirelessly listen to music and calls using bluetooth headsets. GPS is used for determining your location. You can get directions to a place with the help of GPS. Having 3.5mm Jack enables you to connect to large number of other devices (such as speakers, headphones) having 3.5mm Port. Detects motion as well as the orientation of a device (horizontally or vertically). Determines direction facing relative to North, East, West and South. Listen to your favourite radio stations on your phone. Enjoy music on the go with FM Radio.. You can't use this to make calls over 4G network (a 3rd party app can be used instead though). You can't connect your phone to a TV.. Full Specifications Report An Error General Sim Type: GSM+GSM Dual Sim: Yes Device Type: Smartphone Release Date: September, 2015 Design Dimensions: 146 x 70.3 x 7.9 mm Display Type: Color IPS screen Touch: Yes, with Multitouch Size: 5 inches, 720 x 1280 pixels PPI: ~ 294 PPI Memory RAM: 2 GB Internal: 16 GB inbuilt Card Slot: Yes, upto 32 GB Connectivity GPRS: Yes EDGE: Yes 3G: Yes 4G: Yes Wifi: Yes Bluetooth: Yes, v4.0 USB: Yes, microUSB v2.0 Extra GPS: Yes, with A-GPS Support Sensors: Accelerometer, Compass 3.5mm Headphone Jack: Yes Camera Camera: Yes, 8 MP with autofocus Dual Camera: No Flash: LED Front Camera: Yes, 5 MP Technical OS: Android, v5.0 (Lollipop) CPU: 1.3 GHz, Quad Core Processor GPU: Mali-T720 MP1 Multimedia FM Radio: Yes Battery Size: 2400 mAh, Li-ion Battery. Gionee F103 price in India, features and specifications. The Chinese smartphone manufacturer is once again out with another device to strengthen its portfolio in India. Gionee F103 is now officially available in India. Phone houses a 1.3 GHz Mediatek MT6735 chipset, which is quite popular these days in budget price range. To further boast the performance of the SoC it gets assisted by 2GB of RAM. The Gionee F103 flaunts a Sharpe 5-inch IPS LCD panel with 720P resolution and a pixel density of 294ppi. Phone has a unibody design with 7.7 mm thickness. In terms of storage, it comes with 16 GB of ROM and can be expanded up to 32GB with a micro SD card. The Gionee F103 sports an 8MP camera at the rear alongside LED flash autofocus. For Selfies, it features a 5MP front snapper. The phone also features a list of sensors including a Proximity Sensor, G-Sensor, E-Compass, Motion Sensor and Light Sensor. This smartphone is fuelled by a 2,400mAh Li-ion battery which can last a day on moderate usage. It also include 4G, 3G, Wi-Fi, Bluetooth v4.0, GPS/A-GPS, a microUSB and a USB port. It runs on Android v 5.0 Lollipop which is not the latest Android version after arrival of Marshmallow. Looking at the specs sheet, the Gionee F103 offers a powerful performance and a good camera. Overall it’s decent phone if you are looking for smartphone experience without shelling out much. The lowest price of Gionee F103 is 8,999 INR. It is currently available on all leading e-commerce portals including Amazon.in, Flipkart, Infibeam and others.. Unibody design LTE 4G compatibility Decent camera hardware. I have purchase this phone in 10k before 8 months good display quality good calling experience good gaming experience. 1 good ram 2 good internal memory 3 good gaming experience 4 good battery 5 good protection glass 6 good networking 7 good gionee theme. 1 camera is poor not like 8 mp and 5 mp 2 heating after 1 hour of gaming. faster phone easy to use but poor camera but. The phone is very faste And easy to Use lots of helpfull options. The phone is very faste And easy to Use lots of helpfull options. Really awesome !!!! Go for it ..... 26% slimmer than Asus zenfone 2 laser..... I would say everyone to take a look at its amazing features and stylish look. only battery drains a bit fast and others are ok. All over good this is a good phone. camera resolution is very low, not upto expectation. battery gets heated up very quikely & also drained fast. Enter each Pro in new line.. Enter each Con in new line.. Who Viewed This Also Viewed .... Xiaomi Redmi Note 5 Pro (6GB RAM + 64GB). Gionee Mobiles Between 5000 and 10000. vs Gionee F103 vs Samsung Galaxy J2 vs Gionee F103 vs Xiaomi Redmi 4 vs Gionee F103 vs HTC Desire 516 vs Gionee F103 vs Asus Zenfone Go ZC500TG vs Gionee F103 vs Xolo Q1010i. Sign up for our Newsletter :. Congratulations!!! You are now subscribed to our newsletter.. smartprix.com , All rights reserved. Recently Viewed By You ( 0 ). Add Another Product Add Another Product Add Another Product Add Another Product Add Another Product Add Another Product Add Another Product Add Another Product Add Another Product Add Another Product Add Another Product Add Another Product Add Another Product Add Another Product Add Another Product Add Another Product Add Another Product Add Another Product Add Another Product Add Another Product. Mobiles And Tablets 0 Laptops And Computers 0 Cameras 0 Personal Appliances 0 Mobile Accessories 0. your email will not be published. Select A Product From Search Suggestions. your email will not be published. --select-- Incorrect Price Incorrect/ Missing Product Detail Coupon Not Working Found Lowest Price Somewhere Else Just A Feedback Other Issue. Sign in with your email address.. Find, Compare and Buy all in one place. Sign up with your email address. Already have an account? Login. 
Samsung Galaxy S9 OnePlus 5T Huawei Mate 10 Google Pixel 2 OnePlus 5. LG K10 (2018) Samsung Galaxy S9 Elephone S8 HTC U11 Eyes Honor 9 Lite. Samsung Galaxy S9 OnePlus 5T Huawei Mate 10 Google Pixel 2 OnePlus 5. Buy and sell gently used phones. ROOT GIONEE F103 ! [100% working] by Jeniljp. Android Q&A, Help & Troubleshooting Android General Android Software and Hacking General [Developers Only] Android Software Development Miscellaneous Android Development. Xposed Framework Modules Android Themes Android Apps and Games Android Developer Previews. 1 TWRP 3.0.2 for GiONEE F103 (on Android 6.0) TWRP 3.0.2 for GiONEE … 1 yea still couldn't find. any way to root its latest. update … 1 How to install custom recovery and root f103 running android 6.0?. The XDA App is the fastest way to access the forums on mobile.. One-Handed Mode replicates the useful iOS "Reachability" feature without root.. Labs is an independent app store that gives developers full control over their work.. The ultimate, most complete theming solution for Android.. The best way to get cutting edge news about your device!. Xiaomi Redmi Note 5 and Redmi Note 5 Pro Forums Are Now Open for Posting. Unofficial LineageOS 15.1 brings Android 8.1 Oreo Go Edition to First Generation Android One Devices. Take Control of your Phone’s Rotation with “Rotation” Orientation Manager. Customize Samsung Experience 9.0 and Android Oreo on the Samsung Galaxy S8/S8+ with this Xposed Module. MX Player is Recruiting Users for a New Private Beta Testing Program. Dreaming Battery is a Minimalist Screensaver for Displaying your Battery Level. Having troubles with your Ad Blocker? This app adds a Quick Settings tile for easy Ad Block toggling. f103 , gionee , gionee f103 , gionee-f103 , root , unroot. Guest Quick Reply (no urls or BBcode). The following errors occurred with your submission. ROOT GIONEE F103 ! [100% working]. By Jeniljp , Junior Member on 10th February 2016, 10:47 AM. NEW METHOD AVAILABLE FOR GIONEE F103 RUNNING ON MARSHMALLOW [Android 6.0] : http://forum.xda-developers.com/gene...-twrp-t3487904. For Custom Rom And Full Guide Visit: http://hacksters.me. This tutorial will teach how to Root your GIONEE F103. To perform rooting on GIONEE F103 is not as complicated, as most people would think. There are a couple of ways, this being the simplest. Download KingRoot from here : http://kingroot.net/. You have Successfully Rooted Gionee F103 !. I have tested this method on my Gionee F103 ! It is working Flawlessly !. What is Rooting? Rooting is jailbreaking for Androids and allows users to dive deeper into a phone’s sub-system. Essentially, it’ll allow you to access the entire operating system and be able to customize just about anything on your phone. With root access, you can get around any restrictions that your manufacturer or carrier may have applied. You can run more apps, you can overclock or underclock your processor, you can replace the firmware and delete pre-loaded apps. The process requires users to backup current software and flash a new custom modified ROM. Rooting can also void your warranty, or even leave you with a bricked device, and knowing the benefits as well as the risks is essential.. Vote for the Next Honor AI Camera Recognition Scene >. Honor 9 Lite and Huawei P Smart Kernel Sources have been released >. [Results are in] Honor Let the XDA Community Decide Which Intelligent Scenes Will be Added to their AI Camera >. Join Date: Joined: Mar 2016. And then what about exposed installer and super user. Join Date: Joined: Jan 2014. search this on google- root f103 needrom. you will get link at website needrom with recovery and supersu etc needs. And then what about exposed installer and super user. Join Date: Joined: Apr 2016. Try root with kingroot plus download purify to completed in 20 seconds. Join Date: Joined: Oct 2015. How to install custom recovery and root f103 running android 6.0?. The Following User Says Thank You to Razz... For This Useful Post: [ View ]. Join Date: Joined: Jan 2014. yea still couldn't find any way to root its latest update. ---------- Post added at 09:49 AM ---------- Previous post was at 09:28 AM ----------. search this is on google - root f103 6.0 needrom. The Following User Says Thank You to sunny54_8 For This Useful Post: [ View ]. Join Date: Joined: Nov 2007. Didn't work, the recovery is overwritten on boot. Sometimes it stays, but in that case the device doesn't boot.. Join Date: Joined: Apr 2015. TWRP 3.0.2 for GiONEE F103 (on Android 6.0). Based on Android 6.0 firmware ver. amigo3.2.0 / Thu Jun 9 03:36:11 CST 2016. The Following User Says Thank You to jemmini For This Useful Post: [ View ]. Join Date: Joined: Jan 2016. My Devices: Xiaomi Redmi Note 3. bro how to flash this TWRP please guide me.Can fastboot method work?is there any loss of data?. Based on Android 6.0 firmware ver. amigo3.2.0 / Thu Jun 9 03:36:11 CST 2016. Join Date: Joined: Sep 2016. Hi guyz........I rooted my phone .....everything runs smoothly but my system manager shows that your phone has been root please restore......and when clicking on that I get a message that...... Phone is root..system files are damaged need ota repair immediately.. Join Date: Joined: Nov 2007. ignore it, why do you need it?. Posting Quick Reply - Please Wait. Top Threads in Android Q&A, Help & Troubleshooting by ThreadRank. [APP][ROOT] Pixel Launcher Mods - Icon Packs & more for the STOCK Pixel Launcher. [GAPPS][ARM][ARM64][8.1] Unofficial OpenGApps builds for Android Oreo. [App][5.0+] Frost for Facebook [Open Source]. [GUIDE] How-to Use WireGuard on Android and Ubuntu. [TUT] How to convert system.new.dat.br to system.new.dat. [APP][5.0+] Rootless Pixel 2 Launcher with Google Now page working. ROOT GIONEE F103 ! [100% working] by Jeniljp. ---- XDA 2013 Beta - 1024. XDA Developers was founded by developers, for developers. It is now a valuable resource for people who want to make the most of their mobile devices, from customizing the look and feel to adding new functionality. Are you a developer? | Terms of Service. 
Home › Gionee › F103 Gionee F103 - Width. Last viewed devices List of mobile devices, whose specifications have been recently viewed.. Specifications Display Camera CPU Battery SAR. Width Height Thickness Weight Write a review. Dimensions : 70.3 x 143 x 7.95 mm Weight : 136 g SoC : MediaTek MT6735 CPU : ARM Cortex-A53, 1300 MHz, Cores : 4 GPU : ARM Mali-T720 MP1, 600 MHz, Cores : 1 RAM : 2 GB, 640 MHz Storage : 16 GB Memory cards : microSD, microSDHC Display : 5 in, IPS, 720 x 1280 pixels, 24 bit Battery : 2400 mAh, Li-Ion OS : Amigo 3.0 (Android 5.0 Lollipop) Camera : 3264 x 2448 pixels, 1920 x 1080 pixels, 30 fps SIM card : Micro-SIM Wi-Fi : b, g, n, Wi-Fi Hotspot, Wi-Fi Direct USB : 2.0, Micro USB Bluetooth : 2.0 Positioning : GPS, A-GPS. Device width, other Gionee models Width of Gionee F103 in different measurement units and information about other Gionee models with the same or similar width. Device width, models from other brands Width of Gionee F103 in different measurement units and information about models from other brands with the same or similar width.. 67 mm (0.22 ft, 2.64 in) 67.4 mm (0.22 ft, 2.65 in) 67.4 mm (0.22 ft, 2.65 in) 67.4 mm (0.22 ft, 2.65 in) 67.7 mm (0.22 ft, 2.67 in) 68 mm (0.22 ft, 2.68 in) 68 mm (0.22 ft, 2.68 in) 69 mm (0.23 ft, 2.72 in) 69.4 mm (0.23 ft, 2.73 in) 69.8 mm (0.23 ft, 2.75 in) 69.8 mm (0.23 ft, 2.75 in) 69.9 mm (0.23 ft, 2.75 in) 70 mm (0.23 ft, 2.76 in) 70 mm (0.23 ft, 2.76 in) 70.2 mm (0.23 ft, 2.76 in) 70.2 mm (0.23 ft, 2.76 in) 70.3 mm (0.23 ft, 2.77 in) 70.5 mm (0.23 ft, 2.78 in) 70.5 mm (0.23 ft, 2.78 in) 70.5 mm (0.23 ft, 2.78 in) 70.5 mm (0.23 ft, 2.78 in) 70.5 mm (0.23 ft, 2.78 in) 70.7 mm (0.23 ft, 2.78 in) 70.7 mm (0.23 ft, 2.78 in) 70.7 mm (0.23 ft, 2.78 in) 70.8 mm (0.23 ft, 2.79 in) 71 mm (0.23 ft, 2.8 in) 71.2 mm (0.23 ft, 2.8 in) 71.3 mm (0.23 ft, 2.81 in) 71.45 mm (0.23 ft, 2.81 in) 71.45 mm (0.23 ft, 2.81 in) 72 mm (0.24 ft, 2.83 in) 72 mm (0.24 ft, 2.83 in). 70.2 mm (0.23 ft, 2.76 in) 70.2 mm (0.23 ft, 2.76 in) 70.2 mm (0.23 ft, 2.76 in) 70.2 mm (0.23 ft, 2.76 in) 70.2 mm (0.23 ft, 2.76 in) 70.2 mm (0.23 ft, 2.76 in) 70.2 mm (0.23 ft, 2.76 in) 70.2 mm (0.23 ft, 2.76 in) 70.2 mm (0.23 ft, 2.76 in) 70.2 mm (0.23 ft, 2.76 in) 70.2 mm (0.23 ft, 2.76 in) 70.2 mm (0.23 ft, 2.76 in) 70.2 mm (0.23 ft, 2.76 in) 70.2 mm (0.23 ft, 2.76 in) 70.3 mm (0.23 ft, 2.77 in) 70.3 mm (0.23 ft, 2.77 in) 70.3 mm (0.23 ft, 2.77 in) 70.3 mm (0.23 ft, 2.77 in) 70.3 mm (0.23 ft, 2.77 in) 70.3 mm (0.23 ft, 2.77 in) 70.3 mm (0.23 ft, 2.77 in) 70.3 mm (0.23 ft, 2.77 in) 70.3 mm (0.23 ft, 2.77 in) 70.3 mm (0.23 ft, 2.77 in) 70.3 mm (0.23 ft, 2.77 in) 70.3 mm (0.23 ft, 2.77 in) 70.3 mm (0.23 ft, 2.77 in) 70.3 mm (0.23 ft, 2.77 in) 70.3 mm (0.23 ft, 2.77 in) 70.3 mm (0.23 ft, 2.77 in) 70.3 mm (0.23 ft, 2.77 in) 70.3 mm (0.23 ft, 2.77 in) 70.3 mm (0.23 ft, 2.77 in). Dimensions : 70.3 x 143 x 7.95 mm Weight : 136 g SoC : MediaTek MT6735 CPU : ARM Cortex-A53, 1300 MHz, Cores : 4 GPU : ARM Mali-T720 MP1, 600 MHz RAM : 2 GB, 640 MHz Storage : 16 GB Display : 5 in, IPS, 720 x 1280 pixels, 24 bit Battery : 2400 mAh, Li-Ion OS : Amigo 3.0 (Android 5.0 Lollipop) Camera : 3264 x 2448 pixels, 1920 x 1080 pixels, 30 fps. The information on this website is provided on "as is, as available basis" without warranty of any kind. DeviceSpecifications is not responsible for any omissions, inaccuracies or other errors in the information it publishes. All warranties with respect to this information are disclaimed. Reproduction of any part of this website in its entirety or partially or in any form or medium without prior written permission is prohibited. The trademarks, marques and logos of the manufacturers of devices, software, hardware, etc. are the property of their respective owners.. 
Home >> Phones >> Gionee >>F103. Place : Chennai Delhi Kolkata Mumbai. Gionee F103 is a smartphone Powered by Android 5.0 with Amigo 3.1 and 8 MP Auto Focus Camera.. - 1.3 GHz MTK6735 Quad Core Processor. - 2GB RAM With 16GB ROM. - 5 Inch HD IPS Capacitive Touchscreen With 293.72 PPI. - 8 MP Rear Camera With LED Flash. Disclaimer: We cannot guarantee that the info on this page is 100% correct. Please contact us support@fonearena.com incase you find a mistake. Gionee F103 User Reviews and Opinions. Post you reviews and thoughts about this phone below. Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Please dont abuse anyone and please make sure your comments are decent and don't use bad language.. All Rights Reserved.Text, images and all other content on this site may not be copied or republished in any way without formal permission.Phone Images are a property of the respective Manufacturer and may not be tampered with in any way. 
more ... more .... more ... more .... MEMORY: 16 GB + MicroSD. Low pixel density screen (294 ppi). The Gionee F103 is a mid-range device with Android 5.0. It features a 5" 720p display, 64-bit 1.3 GHz quad core CPU, 2 GB RAM, 16 GB ROM, microSD slot, 8 MP rear camera and a 5 MP front one for video calls. There's also dual SIM card support.. Indicates that this field is show only in Full Specs mode. OS: Android (5.0), Gionee Amigo UI. Dimensions: 5.63 x 2.77 x 0.31 inches (143 x 70.3 x 7.95 mm). Weight: 4.82 oz (137 g) the average is 5.6 oz (159 g). Keys: Right: Volume control, Lock/Unlock key. Resolution: 720 x 1280 pixels. Features: Ambient light sensor, Proximity sensor, Scratch-resistant glass (Dragontrail). Pixel density - The pixel density of a display represents the number of pixels over an area of one inch. It’s measured in “pixels per inch”, or ppi. The higher the number, the more detailed and good-looking the display is.. Technology - There are two main screen technologies currently used in phones and tablets: LCD and AMOLED. The former usually features a light source and liquid crystals, while the latter is based on organic light-emitting diodes. Newer LCD variations like IPS-LCD and Super-LCD allow for very accurate color reproduction and very wide viewing angles, where no significant image quality loss is observed. Current AMOLED screens differ in such a way that they can exhibit much more saturated colors (sometimes too much) and incredibly high contrast levels, which is due to black color being completely black in AMOLED displays.. Screen-to-body ratio - Shows what part of the frontal area of a phone its screen occupies.. Software Features: Face detection, Touch to focus, Geo tagging. Shooting Modes: Burst mode, High Dynamic Range mode (HDR), Panorama. Quad-core, 1300 MHz, ARM Cortex-A53, 64-bit. System chip - Most modern handsets use an advanced chip that includes many of the device’s hardware modules like the processor, Wi-Fi, Bluetooth and sometimes even the wireless radio. This field shows what particular system chip (or System-on-a-Chip) is used in the phone.. Processor - The processor is the main computing component of a phone and is a major factor when it comes to the overall speed of the device. Some more powerful smartphones use dual-core and quad-core processors designed to deliver greater performance.. Graphics processor - The graphics processor is important for the smooth operation of the system and especially in games and other applications that may involve complex graphics and animations.. System memory - System memory, or RAM memory is the type of memory that the device uses to temporarily store data from the OS or currently-running apps. The more RAM available to the device, the better the performance will be when multiple or heavier programs are running.. Built-in storage - Bigger storage capacity allows you to keep more content saved onto your device, such as more applications, photos or video. Games and video content typically take up the biggest amount of storage space.. Storage expansion - Some handsets allow you to expand their storage capacity by using a memory expansion card – most often microSD. Expansion memory is mostly suitable for media storage, such as photo, video or music content.. Talk time: 28.00 hours the average is 20 h (1229 min). Stand-by time: 10.0 days (240 hours) the average is 21 days (502 h). Talk time (3G): 11.00 hours the average is 19 h (1147 min). Stand-by time (3G): 7.7 days (185 hours) the average is 25 days (590 h). Capacity - The bigger, the better! However, battery capacity is not the only factor that has an effect on battery life. Those include the chipset in use, the software running on the device, as well as the consumer's unique usage pattern.. Filter by: Album, Artist, Genre, Playlists. Features: Album art cover, Background playback. Supported formats: MP3, AAC, FLAC, WAV, M4A (Apple lossless), AMR, OGG, MIDI. Built-in online services support: YouTube (upload), Picasa/Google+. Cellular GSM: 850, 900, 1800, 1900 MHz. Notifications: Haptic feedback, Music ringtones (MP3), Polyphonic ringtones, Vibration, Flight mode, Silent mode, Speakerphone. Phonebook: Unlimited entries, Caller groups, Multiple numbers per contact, Search by both first and last name, Picture ID, Ring ID. Organizer: Calendar, Alarm, Calculator, World clock, Stopwatch, Countdown timer. Messaging: SMS, MMS, Threaded view, Predictive text input. Other features: Voice dialing, Voice commands, Voice recording. Profiles/ Protocols: Advanced Audio Distribution (A2DP). Features: Mass storage device, USB charging. Other: Tethering, Computer sync, OTA sync. Positioning - This field shows the positioning systems supported by the device. The most common types are GPS and A-GPS.. GPS - This is one of the most widespread global positioning technologies, developed and maintained by the U.S. It uses satellites in order to detect your location. A-GPS - A-GPS stands for Assisted GPS and is the industry standard for positioning and navigation. “Assisted” means that it can use local wireless networks, in addition to satellites, for quicker and more precise localization.. Despite our efforts to provide full and correct Gionee F103 specifications, there is always a possibility of making a mistake. If you see any wrong or incomplete data, please LET US KNOW .. If you are interested in using our specs commercially, check out our Phone specs database licensing page.. Gear S4 may come with a blood pressure monitor, Samsung patent reveals. Google Pay launches today, but its most important feature is not here yet. Galaxy S9 and S9+ previewed in glorious detail with full specs and release date. Galaxy S9 and S9+ price and release date on Verizon, AT&T, T-Mobile and Best Buy. The Samsung Galaxy S9 and S9+ have game-changing cameras with variable aperture and 960fps slow-mo video recording. The Big Barcelona Camera Comparison: iPhone X vs Pixel 2 XL vs Note 8. Samsung Galaxy S9 and S9+ rumor review: Specs, design, features, price and release date. Sony presents Xperia XZ2 and XZ2 Compact: new design and Snapdragon 845. Galaxy S9 Exynos edition gets benchmarked against rivals!. Galaxy S9 first camera comparison vs iPhone X, V30, S8. Samsung Galaxy S9 & S9+ hands-on. MWC 2018: top smartphones to expect. Best smartphone you can buy in 2018. Allo is a quality app, but Google isn't giving it a real chance. All content (phone reviews, news, specs, info), design and layouts are Copyright 2001-2018 phoneArena.com. Reproduction in whole or in part or in any form or medium without written permission is prohibited! Privacy. 
Eluga L 4G Touch LCD Combo. The product is already in the wishlist!. Home / Shop / Gionee. Replacement Gionee F103 LCD Display Screen With Touch Digitizer Glass. Choose an option Black White Clear. Rated 5.00 out of 5 based on 1 customer rating. Replacement LCD Display Screen with Touch Digitizer Glass For Gionee F103. You can use this combo pack to repair a broken/ faulty or damaged touch screen or LCD in your Gionee F103. This product comes with replacement warranty.. The product is already in the wishlist!. 100% Brand New and Never Before Used Combo. Can Be Used to Replace a Broken or Faulty LCD or Touch Screen. LCD and Touch Screen combined together. High Quality and Super Responsive Touch Screen. Tested To Work Properly Before Sending. Comes with Full Replacement warranty for manufacturing defects. Fresh Ready Stock With Same Day Fast Shipping. Gionee F103 is selling like hotcake! This handset is simply amazing and offers long battery life as well as all other features like 2GB Ram and 16 GB internal memory. Its two toned design simply looks awesome!. Handsets tend to fall very often and Gionee F103 is no exception! Its really painful when you put down your handset and then see that It has been broken. In most cases when Gionee F103 falls, its touch screen digitizer glass will break. In that situation, you need to replace the entire front panel with a new one.. Please be information that It is not possible to change only digitizer of Gionee F103 because LCD Display and Touch Screen digitizer both parts are combined together.. More Information About Gionee F103 LCD and Touch Screen. Recently, almost all mobile companies are making handsets with pasted touch screen and LCD module. It means that Display and touch screen both parts are combined together and in case of breakage, you can’t replace a single part.. In easy words, The Display (on which you see photos) and the touch screen glass both are attached together and If you try to change only glass, the display will also break. In any case, If you’ve broken your Gionee F103 handset, the only solution would be replacing the entire front panel and this is what we are selling. We are selling a replace LCD Screen with Touch Digitzer Glass for Gionee F103.. High Quality Photos Of The Actual Product. Click on any image to see the actual product photos.. We accept Payments via all types of credit cards, debit cards, net banking, ATM cards as well as Wallets like PayTM, Mobikwik Etc.. All the payments are processed under a secure environment and we don’t store any sort of information on our server. We also offer Cash on Delivery Payments all over India.. We send shipment via using various couriers like DTDC, First Flight, Blue Dart, ECom Express and India Post. Other courier services can be available for additional charges. Please let us know If you have any questions about shipping.. For any questions about Gionee F103. LCD Screen With Touch Digitizer Glass, please feel free to call us on 09587954273. You can also send us a WhatsAPP Message on 09587954273 and we’ll be very happy to assist you with all your queries. We have extensive knowledge of all Gionee handsets and you can ask us any questions to clear your doubts!. When you are buying an item online, you may certainly worry about the Return Policy. You might be thinking that what will happen if the product is faulty? I would like to clear all your questions about returns here.. First of all, we do accept returns provided the item is in original condition. When you order an item from us, we actually check it for perfect working and then send to you. In rare circumstances If you face any problem with the product, you can return it for a replacement provided you don’t tear off the front Lamination.. In other words, when you’ll receive the product, there will be a protective layer (or say Screen Guard type thing) on the item. You just need to make sure that you don’t remove that before testing the item completely.. When you order and receive this item. With Touch Screen Digitizer) from us, please connect it to the motherboard of your handset and test it for perfect working. You can connect this Touch and LCD combo to motherboard without removing the front lamination. Just fit in the panel temporarily (without using any glues, tapes or other kind of adhesive) and test the panel completely by turning on the handset.. If you find any problems, simply call us, return the faulty item and get a replacement at completely free of charge. Most of our items work like a charm and in case of any issues we are always here. Just make sure that you don’t remove the front or back lamination in any condition.. Your Feedback is very important for us. A positive feedback from a customer means a lot to us! We want that our customer is satisfied in all case and we are always here to help him. We request that after getting the product, you share your experience on our website. If you like our products, please feel. to share our website with your friends and family. Give us a facebook like or tweet for us! It will make us very happy!. Debit Cards, Credit Cards, Net Banking and Cash on Delivery. 1 review for Replacement Gionee F103 LCD Display Screen With Touch Digitizer Glass. Rated 5 out of 5. Uddip Talukdar (verified owner) – May 24, 2017. But, I tried to change my broken touch lcd panel myself with help from youtube videos, and so, I ordered this module. This panel was delivered to me in excellent packaging (they even put it in plastic container!). And, once I changed the panel it worked perfectly. I believe I could get this at somewhat lower price had I spent some time locally, but with the convenience of shopping from home I do not regret few extra rupees. So, all in all I am thoroughly satisfied with this purchase.. Add a review Cancel reply. Notify me of new posts by email.. The product is already in the wishlist!. Gionee P5W LCD Display With Touch Screen Glass Combo. The product is already in the wishlist!. Gionee Elife S7 LCD Display Touch Screen Digitizer Glass Combo. Rated 5.00 out of 5. The product is already in the wishlist!. Gionee S6s Display With Touch Screen Digitizer Glass – Complete Combo. Rated 5.00 out of 5. The product is already in the wishlist!. Gionee V5 LCD Display Screen With Touch Digitizer Glass Combo. The product is already in the wishlist!. Gionee S Plus (S+) LCD Screen With Touch Digitizer Glass Combo. The product is already in the wishlist!. Gionee M5 Lite Display Screen Replacement With Touch Screen Glass. The product is already in the wishlist!. Gionee P5L Display and Touch Screen Combo With Outer Frame. The product is already in the wishlist!. Gionee A1 Display and Touch Screen Digitizer Glass Combo. Rated 5.00 out of 5. The product is already in the wishlist!. Gionee A1 Display and Touch Screen Glass With Outer Frame. The product is already in the wishlist!. Gionee M5 Lite Display and Touch Screen Combo With Outer Frame. The product is already in the wishlist!. Gionee Elife E6 LCD Display Screen With Touch Digitizer Glass Combo. Rated 4.50 out of 5. The product is already in the wishlist!. Gionee S6 Pro Display and Touch Screen Glass With Outer Frame. Honor 5C Display and Touch Screen Glass Replacement Combo. Gionee F103 Pro Display and Touch Screen Glass Combo With Frame. Techno I3 Display and Touch Screen Glass Combo Replacement. Micromax Canvas Infinity HS2 Display and Touch Screen With Frame. Asus Zenfone 4 Selfie Display and Touch Screen Glass Combo ZB553KL. Gionee Elife S7 LCD Display Touch Screen Digitizer Glass Combo. Panasonic Eluga Icon Display and Touch Screen Glass Combo. Coolpad Note 5 Display and Touch Screen Glass Combo. Infocus M808 Display With Touch Screen Digitizer Glass Combo. Lava X9 LCD Display Screen With Touch Digitizer Glass - With Frame. Rated 5.00 out of 5. Rated 5.00 out of 5. Rated 5.00 out of 5. Rated 5.00 out of 5. Rated 5.00 out of 5. Copyright 2017 © Touch LCD Baba. Eluga L 4G Touch LCD Combo. 
All Mobiles Computers TV Appliances Care Best Products Upcoming Mobiles News Deals Cashback. Mobile Phones / Gionee / Gionee F103 Price in India. Updated On: 26th February 2018. 4.1 343 Ratings 6 Questions & Answers. Gionee F103 is a Android 5.0 Lollipop based smartphone. The phone features a 5 inch HD display. The other popular mobile is Gionee F6. It features a 8 MP camera with LED flash and a 5 MP front-facing camera. The phone is powered by a 1.3 GHz quad-core MediaTek processor and 2GB RAM. The device has 16 GB of internal storage. Connectivity options include 4G, Wi-Fi 802.11 b/g/n, Bluetooth 4.0, GPS and microUSB 2.0 port. The device has a Li-Ion 2,400 mAh battery.. Best Price: ₹ 9,700. Key Specifications 2GB RAM 16GB internal storage 2400 mAh battery 8 M.Pixels rear & 5 M.Pixels selfie 5.0 inch screen Dual SIM (Micro-SIM) Android OS, v5.0 (Lollipop). Gionee F103 Price starts at Rs. The lowest price of Gionee F103 is at Amazon. F103 is not available in other online stores.. Gionee F103 is an affordable Android-based smartphone which is aimed at the low-end smartphone market. The device comes with impressive features with respect to the price tag it bears.. The smartphone sports an 8-megapixel autofocus rear camera paired with an LED flash to aid in low-light conditions. The rear camera can be used for capturing images and recording videos. One can also click selfies and video calls using the 5-megapixel front facing shooter.. The Gionee F103 flaunts a big 5-inch HD display which is effective while browsing the web and playing games. However, the screen does not come with any Gorilla Glass protection to keep your device scratch-free. The display on the device is bright and does not suffer from any major legibility issues even when placed under direct sunlight.. Under the hood, it is powered by a 1.3 GHz quad-core MediaTek chipset to keep things smooth. The chipset is paired with 2GB of RAM to ensure effortless multitasking. AS far as storage is concerned, the smartphone comes with 16GB of onboard storage which can further be expanded up to 32GB using a microSD card.. There is a host of connectivity options that ships along with the Gionee F103. Connectivity options include Wi-Fi 802.11 b/g/n, GPS, Bluetooth 4.0, GPS and a microUSB 2.0 port. The device also has 4G LTE support that ensures faster connectivity. The smartphone packs a removable Li-Ion 2,400 mAh battery and is available in black and white colour variants.. Gionee F103 Specifications Display Display Type IPS LCD Resolution 720x1280 pixels Size (in inches) 5.0 Pixel Density 294 pixels per inch (ppi) Touchscreen type Capacitive Color Reproduction 16M Colors Screen to body percentage 68.6 % Design and Build Dimensions 5.6 x 2.7 x 0.3 inches Weight 136.6 grams Software Operating System Android OS, v5.0 (Lollipop) Camera Primary 8 M.Pixels Front 5 M.Pixels Video [email. protected] Storage Internal 16GB RAM 2GB Expandable MicroSD, 32GB Battery Type Li-Ion Talk time 11 hrs (3G) Capacity 2400 mAh Standby Time 267 hrs (3G) Connectivity Bluetooth v2.0 with A2DP Wi-Fi Yes with Wi-Fi Direct, hotspot 3G Yes USB Micro USB v2.0 2G Yes 4G Yes SIM Configuration Dual SIM (Micro-SIM) GPS Yes NFC Chipset No Infrared No Wired Micro USB v2.0 Processor Architecture Cortex-A53 No of Cores 4 (Quad Core) Frequency 1.3 GHz GPU Mali-T720MP2 Sensors Proximity Yes Accelerometer Yes Gyroscope No Ambient Light No Sound Loudspeaker Yes Headphones Yes. Please ask the question in above box. Why does it have too much hanging issues?. The memory card should not be filled up fully. Always keep some space on the memory card. Other than that, there would be no hanging issues.. Because you install too many apps and they run in the background, so it has hanging issues.. It has a hanging problem only at the starting on the internet.. Don't update the Android and also don't download many apps.. Because its battery is small and internal ROM is 16GB.. How is the battery backup of this phone, is it good or bad?. It gives Good backup up to 2 days if you are using for calling only. But it lasts less than a day if you watch videos, Whatsapp or use Facebook. But it gives better battery backup than iPhones indeed.. Its battery is not so good, if you use 4G net continuously, then it gives you a backup of 2 hours on average. Or normally, it will give you a backup of half a day.. Battery backup is not that good. It is 2500 mAh which cannot sustain on internet usage. If net is not used then, it would last up to 24 to 36 hours.. I watch 5hours videos regularly...then end battery standby 12 hours.. Not bad nor not too good. Battery backup lasts up to one day on normal use.. Does it have a front flash?. No, it doesn't have a front flash.. Do both the sims supports 4G?. Yes, both Sims supports 4G, you can put sim in slot 1 or in slot 2.. No, one slot supports 4G and the second slot supports 3G.. No, only first sim is 4G.. But phone is nice for use.. Yes, but you have to select the network accordingly.. Yes, but you have to select the network accordingly.. What is the weight of this mobile?. Very slim and good one, value for money.. Very light and it's awesome phone..!. Weight of the mobile is 150 grms. Weight is around 110 to 140 gms. 6 Ratings 4 Reviews. 5 2. 4 2. 3 1. 2 1. 1 0. Rate & review this product and help other customers. Gionee mobile price list in India. Lenovo K8 Plus price in India (Rs. Lenovo K8 Note price (Rs. Redmi Note 4 64GB price in India (Rs. Tecno Camon i price (Rs. Moto E4 Plus price in India (Rs. Mobile Phones in Price Range Similar to Price of Gionee F103. Please enter a valid email address. We will notify you when product becomes available.. All prices in the above table are in Indian Rupees. Cashback will not be credited for purchases in Amazon. The latest price of Gionee F103 was obtained on 26th February 2018 17:13:59 The Gionee F103 is available in Amazon, Flipkart The price is valid in all major cities of India including Bangalore, Hyderabad, Chennai, Mumbai, Delhi and Pune. Please check instructions at the specific stores for any deviation. Buy Gionee F103 online in India for the lowest price. You can also avail the options of Cash on Delivery (COD) and EMI on purchase of this product. Gionee F103 is available in White, Black colours across various online stores in India.. Gionee F103 Price in India is Rs. 9,700 as on 26th February 2018 17:13:59. Earn extra cashback on every purchase. Visit BonusApp → Shop → Get cashback. Nokia 8110 4G Nokia 8 Sirocco Micromax X507 Micromax Canvas Music M1. Tecno Camon I Air Micromax X726 Karbonn A9 Indian 4G Videocon V502430. Upcoming Mobiles Gadget News & Reviews Compare Mobiles Big Billion Day 2017. Contact Us Privacy Terms of Use Blog. © 2017 MySmartPrice Web Technology Private Limited. Made with ❤ in. 
Select the department you want to search in. Sign in Your Orders Try Prime Your Lists Cart. Your Amazon.in Today's Deals Amazon Pay Sell Customer Service. Electronics Best Sellers Amazon Exclusives Mobiles & Accessories Computers & Accessories Televisions & Home Entertainment Audio Cameras & Accessories Musical Instruments Office & Stationery Buying Guides. 1 / 1 1 / 1. 3.6 out of 5 stars 168. TREECASE Designer Printed Hard Back Case Cover For Gionee F103. 5 out of 5 stars 1. 3.8 out of 5 stars 13. OnsiteGo 1 Year Extended warranty for Mobiles (Rs. from Onsite Electro Services Private Limited. The 1 Year OnsiteGo Extended Warranty plan covers all mechanical and electronic defects that are covered under the standard manufacturer's warranty. The plan is applicable for all mobiles between Rs. We cover all cities across India, and all brands excluding Spice and Swipe. You can purchase the plan at the time of buying the device or within 6 months from the purchase date. You need to activate the plan within 30 days of the plan purchase. You can activate the plan by following some simple steps in the mail that will be sent to you. 14 or 21 days repair or replacement guarantee, depending on the mobile brand. A 'No Questions Asked' policy for servicing claims and cashless repairs at brand authorized service centers only. Available in Bangalore, Mumbai, Chennai, Hyderabad. EMI starts at ₹333 per month.. No Cost EMI available if you checkout only with this item.. Pay for your order in equal monthly installments (EMI), using any one of the cards in the table below.. Your bank will convert the payment into EMI in 3-4 working days.. To make this a No Cost EMI offer, the interest amount will be discounted from the price of your order. Your card will be charged for the item price minus the discounted interest. The total amount you will pay to the bank including interest, will be equal to the price of the item, making this No Cost EMI.. The bank may charge taxes on the interest amount at its sole discretion.. About *NoCost: The bank will continue to charge interest on EMI as per existing rates. However, the interest to be charged by the bank will be passed on to you as an upfront discount. Total Cost shown above does not include shipping charges.. EMI providers may charge you pre-closure or other charges when you cancel/return an EMI order.. Click here to read EMI FAQs.. Sold and fulfilled by Shiv Shakti Mobile And Digital Store (1.0 out of 5 | 1 ratings).. The order quantity for this product is limited to 1 unit per customer. Please note that orders which exceed the quantity limit will be auto-canceled. Easily Accessible Service Centers across Major Cities in India. >Click here to see the list. This shopping feature will continue to load items. In order to navigate out of this carousel please use your heading shortcut key to navigate to the next or previous heading.. Customers who viewed this item also viewed. Page 1 of 1 Start over Page 1 of 1. Gionee F103 (White, 3GB RAM, 16GB). Gionee F103 (Black, 3GB RAM, 16GB). Find answers in product info, Q&As, reviews. Please make sure that you've entered a valid question. You can edit your question or post anyway.. Don't see what you're looking for?. There was a problem completing your request. Please try your search again later.. What other items do customers buy after viewing this item?. Powerful performance, optimum internal storage Handy and long life Add-on features Impressive camera. Gionee F103 (White) Sleek, smart and suitable for all age groups. This Gionee F103 is a sleek designed Smartphone equipped with a wide range of features which ensure consistent performance and a rich multimedia experience. The phone comes with power packed 2 GB RAM, an optimum 16 GB storage space and a detachable 2400 mAh battery. It is a compact and light weight Smartphone with an overall appealing look derived due to its crystal clear 5 inch display.. This Gionee F103 mobile phone comes equipped with an internal memory of 16 GB, which is adequate for your important data storage needs. The Smartphone exudes an overall power packed performance even after extended usage, mainly due to its 2 GB RAM. The 1.3 GHz Quad-core processor makes sure that you can execute intensive tasks with accuracy and faster speeds, without any lags.. As it weighs only 422 gm, it is very handy and comfortable to carry. The phone is durable and sturdy in nature which gives it a longer life. Gionee F103 supports dual SIM which means that you can now cover more than one phone network for better coverage without having to carry two different phones.. This Smartphone from Gionee is compatible with 2G, 3G and 4G network. You can enjoy the features of multitasking, battery enhancement, video chatting, Bluetooth, Wi-Fi, accelerometer sensor and games support. The Smartphone comes in the dimensions of 15 x 12.7 x 7.1 cm. You will also get access to radio so you can listen to your favourite music on-the-go. The 2400 mAh battery makes for an optimum battery life, so you don’t have to worry about charging your phone too frequently.. The Gionee F103 has an 8 MP rear and 5 MP front camera. Both these cameras are well equipped to give you clear and bright images. You can take photos even in dark with its LED flash feature. You can record the special and precious moments of your life with the video recording feature. Its camera features include geo-tagging, pic note, touch focus, Panorama, face beauty, filter and HDR mode. Not only this, but you can also take 20 snaps in one click. The 5 MP front camera lets you click high quality selfies. All these features enhances the functionality of this Smartphone and makes it an ideal pick.. Gionee F103 Mobile Phone Information. Product Dimensions 15 x 12.7 x 7.1 cm. Batteries: 1 Lithium ion batteries required. #1,48,240 in Electronics ( See top 100 ). Electronics > Mobiles & Tablets > Smartphones & Basic Mobiles > Smartphones. Date First Available 25 September 2015. Would you like to tell us about a lower price ? If you are a seller for this product, would you like to suggest updates through seller support ?. 5 star 72% 4 star 8% 3 star 4% 2 star 4% 1 star 12%. Share your thoughts with other customers. There was a problem filtering reviews right now. 5.0 out of 5 stars Greece result i am so glad about this phone Delivery a right product by amazon .... Supperbbbbbbbbbb smooth, Greece result i am so glad about this phone Delivery a right product by amazon thank you amazon. 0 Comment | Was this review helpful to you?. 5.0 out of 5 stars Five Stars. 0 Comment | Was this review helpful to you?. 2.0 out of 5 stars Two Stars. All gionee mobile are battery dead in 8months. 0 Comment | Was this review helpful to you?. 5.0 out of 5 stars Five Stars. Best phone range in (9000 to 15000).. Was this review helpful to you?. 4.0 out of 5 stars Four Stars. Was this review helpful to you?. 5.0 out of 5 stars Five Stars. Was this review helpful to you?. 5.0 out of 5 stars One of the best under 10K price.. Using it since nov 2015 and no problem occured... Although its not for camera lovers but is good enough. 0 Comment | Was this review helpful to you?. 1.0 out of 5 stars One Star. Was this review helpful to you?. Very good phone camera so I smart. 5.0 out of 5 stars Five Stars. Writing this review with Gionee F103 using from last 2015 december no problem but sometimes get lagged because of updates but it's super good and in Less cost and budget. 5.0 out of 5 stars Using from 1 and half years no problem. Good in performance and best thing is it has 2 4g slots. 5.0 out of 5 stars Value for the money. Good phone i use this phone 1 year no problem. 5.0 out of 5 stars Five Stars. Very good mobile for using normally..... I am using more than a year..... 5.0 out of 5 stars Good for all. 5.0 out of 5 stars Five Stars. Best mobile with all ultimate features for a normal user. 5.0 out of 5 stars Awesome!!. 5.0 out of 5 stars But note battery. 5.0 out of 5 stars Five Stars. One of the most hazard phone..high price...it too much heat...if u buy then buy asuz. Pls don't buy.baterru backup is sooo poor. 1.0 out of 5 stars Poor. Unlimited FREE fast delivery, video streaming & more. Prime members enjoy FREE One-Day and Two-Day delivery on eligible items, unlimited video streaming, exclusive access to top deals & more.. About Us Careers Press Releases Amazon Cares Gift a Smile Facebook Twitter Instagram Sell on Amazon Become an Affiliate Fulfilment by Amazon Advertise Your Products Amazon Pay on Merchants Your Account Returns Centre 100% Purchase Protection Amazon Assistant Help. Australia Brazil Canada China France Germany Italy Japan Mexico Netherlands Spain United Kingdom United States. AbeBooks Books, art & collectibles. Amazon Web Services Scalable Cloud Computing Services. Audible Download Audio Books. DPReview Digital Photography. IMDb Movies, TV & Celebrities. Junglee.com Shop Online in India. Look.com Kids' Clothing & Shoes. Shopbop Designer Fashion Brands. Amazon Business Everything For Your Business. Souq.com Shop Online in the Middle East. Amazon Now 2-Hour Delivery on Everyday Items. Conditions of Use & Sale Privacy Notice Interest-Based Ads © 1996-2018, Amazon.com, Inc. 
