Android 7.1, up to Android 8.0. GSM 850 / 900 / 1800 / 1900. HSDPA 800 / 850 / 900 / 1700(AWS) / 1900 / 2100. LTE band 1(2100), 2(1900), 3(1800), 4(1700/2100), 5(850), 7(2600), 8(900), 12(700), 13(700), 17(700), 18(800), 19(800), 20(800), 21(1500), 26(850), 28(700), 32(1500), 38(2600), 39(1900), 40(2300), 41(2500). HSPA 42.2/5.76 Mbps, LTE-A (3CA) Cat9 450/50 Mbps or LTE-A (3CA) Cat11 600/75 Mbps. 143.8 x 69.5 x 8.5 mm (5.66 x 2.74 x 0.33 in). Front glass, aluminum body, partial glass back. 5.0 inches, 68.9 cm 2 (~69.0% screen-to-body ratio). 1080 x 1920 pixels, 16:9 ratio (~441 ppi density). Android 7.1 (Nougat), upgradable to Android 8.0 (Oreo). Quad-core (2x2.15 GHz Kryo & 2x1.6 GHz Kryo). 12.3 MP (f/2.0, 1/2.3", 1.55 µm), gyro EIS, phase detection & laser autofocus, dual-LED flash. Geo-tagging, touch focus, face detection, HDR, panorama. 8 MP (f/2.4, 1/3.2", 1.4 µm), 1080p. - Active noise cancellation with dedicated mic. Wi-Fi 802.11 a/b/g/n/ac, dual-band, Wi-Fi Direct, DLNA, hotspot. Fingerprint (rear-mounted), accelerometer, gyro, proximity, compass, barometer. SMS(threaded view), MMS, Email, Push Mail, IM. Quite Black, Very Silver, Really Blue. Basemark OS II: 2901 / Basemark OS II 2.0: 2461 Basemark X: 33023. Voice 74dB / Noise 68dB / Ring 78dB. We can not guarantee that the information on this page is 100% correct. Google Pixel - user opinions and reviews. It does not have dual speakers. Right one is the microphone, left is the speaker.. Allegedly, it's not meant to work:. Right speaker not working, pls suggest. Samsung Apple Nokia Sony LG HTC Motorola Huawei Microsoft Lenovo Xiaomi Google Acer Asus Oppo OnePlus Meizu BlackBerry Alcatel ZTE Toshiba Vodafone Energizer XOLO Lava Micromax BLU Gionee vivo LeEco Panasonic HP YU verykool Maxwest Plum. Google Pixel 2 Google Pixel XL Samsung Galaxy S7 Samsung Galaxy S8 Apple iPhone 7 Google Pixel 2 XL. Google Pixel 2 Google Pixel 2 XL Google Pixel Google Pixel XL Google Pixel C. 
National Accessibility Customer Service Skip to Main Content. Use arrow keys to access sub-menus and sub-menu links, this may require a mode change. In the meantime, explore some of our products and services:. Browse a selection of Phones, Devices & Plans. Note: Not all devices and plans are available for purchase at this alternate site. 
Esto también se puede leer en español.. Pure Android at its absolute best. CNET earns fees when you click these offers.. The Good The Google Pixel has a fantastic camera, especially in low light. Google Assistant takes one of the most natural, human approaches to answering your voice.. The Bad The phone's display is dim in outdoor sunlight and its camera's Lens Blur feature is shoddy. It's splash-resistant rather than dunkable, and it's pricey compared to previous Google Nexus devices.. The Bottom Line If you're wary of Samsung or looking for a worthy iPhone alternative, the Google Pixel is the high-end Android phone to get.. Why the Pixel is one of the best Android phones right now The camera is (mostly) awesome. Google Assistant helps organize your day. Android Nougat packs some sweetness The device runs a pure version of Android 7.1 Nougat. It's the first to have Google's messaging service Allo and its video calling app Duo preloaded (you can uninstall them if you want). Launcher shortcuts, aka Google's take on Apple's 3D Touch , lets you long-press on some apps to call up additional menu options. You can send GIFs inside Google Keyboard, for all your GIF-fy delights. To reduce eye strain from viewing a bright, bluish display at night, there's a Night Light setting that tints the screen yellow. (Other Android phones and the iPhone already do this.) On the back is a fingerprint reader for added user security and services such as Android Pay. It works quickly, and as a bonus you can use it to slide down notifications on the screen. The Google Pixel remains our favorite phone, bar none -- unless you're looking for a bigger screen, in which case we'd recommend its big brother, the Pixel XL .. The Pixel strikes a terrific balance between speed and beauty, ergonomics and straight-up usability. It's the purest vehicle for Android Nougat 7.0 , Google's mobile operating system. And it offers the most seamless integration with Google's Daydream View VR headset (though the list of compatible phones continues to grow ).. Google Pixel: Quite, really and very good-looking. Of course, the Pixel isn't perfect; the rear panel's glass treatment may be an aesthetic misfire for some, and it's vulnerable to cracking. It's also not as water-resistant as others, and though its camera is superb, the iPhone 7 Plus delivers superior video quality in portrait mode (read more about how the two stack up ). Still, these are mostly minor quibbles; if you're looking for an alternative to the latest model iPhones, the Google Pixel and Pixel XL are worth a serious look.. Looking ahead, Google hasn't officially stated anything yet about the future of the Pixel line, but there are rumors swirling about innovative AR and VR developments and, possibly, a foldable display. But with the next Pixel not expected before October 2017 (a year after the original debuted), Android fans may be tempted by the Samsung Galaxy S8 , which is rumored to be hitting in March or April.. Editors' note, February 16, 2017 : The original Google Pixel review, first published in October 2016, follows.. With the Pixel, Google stepped up to bat, called its shot, and knocked it out of the park. If there was any lingering doubt about Google's capacity to step out on its own, it's gone. Sure, HTC may have put the phones together , but Google designed, engineered, and branded them. And the timing couldn't be more fortunate with Samsung still emerging from the hangover of a very difficult 2016 .. Starting at $649 in the US, £599 in the UK and AU$1,079 in Australia, the Pixel is fast, with an elevated, smooth design. Heavy investments in its camera resulted in a nimble shooter too. Though its special portrait mode is poor, it otherwise takes amazing shots that rival those of the. It's also the first phone to have the search giant's new, thoroughly robust voice-and-search service, called Google Assistant, built in. It's the most natural voice assistant I've experienced, and comes closest to giving me that. Jarvis from "Iron Man" experience all these assistants appear to be chasing.. The Samsung Galaxy S7 Edge may still be the most visually striking phone on the market. But, if you're wary of Samsung phones, the Pixel -- a strong contender for the best premium Android phone -- makes a terrific alternative.. So what's so great about the Pixel? Aside from the premium hardware, like the camera and processor, it packs new software features that are handy to use day-to-day. Read on to find out more.. As you can tell from its name, Google makes a big deal about the Pixel's camera , and it is superb. It takes even better shots than the already stellar iPhone 7 Plus, which I consider to be the reigning champion of camera phones. If you want the full scoop on how these two compare, check out CNET's feature, Google Pixel vs. iPhone 7 Plus: Which camera is better?. The camera is fast, images are in focus, and colors look vibrant. Close-up shots appear especially sharp and refined. Landscape scenes retain an impressive amount of detail and depth, even with objects that are far away.. Photos taken in dim lighting understandably weren't as sharp and had more digital artifacts. But the camera did a good job at capturing available light and brightening up scenes. The flash made skin tones look natural as well, and if it hadn't been for a few reflections in eyes, it would've been hard to tell in the photos that it was even used.. The front-facing camera is excellent, too. It has a wide enough lens to fit a lot of content (read: faces) in each frame, and it softened skin tones enough to look appealing without appearing too airbrushed. To see the images I captured, check out the slideshow below.. Just how good is the Google Pixel's camera?. The camera can shoot 4K video, and though it doesn't have optical image stabilization, it uses a combination of the gyroscope and software to steady your videos all the same. This feature works well, and it's useful when you're moving while recording footage. But it does give your videos a sort of surreal, almost drone-like quality.. The Pixel is deeply integrated with Google's search services, and it's the first hardware device to have Google Assistant baked in. Assistant is an AI bot that uses machine learning and Google's vast search database to answer all kinds of questions you throw its way. It can schedule reminders, look up facts and places to eat, set alarms, give directions, translate phrases and more. And the more you use it, the more it's supposed to learn about you and become more personalized.. Unlike Google Now (the company's previous iteration of a digital assistant), Apple's Siri, Amazon's Alexa and Microsoft's Cortana, Assistant is genuinely conversational. You can use your voice to speak to it in a natural, back-and-forth way, and it has a chat-like interface. After every interaction, there are suggested follow-up queries you can tap on to keep the conversation going.. Firing up Google Assistant (left) and asking Assistant where to find Japanese tapas nearby (right).. Like with most voice assistants, you forget that they're there. But when you do remember, Assistant can be useful. It doesn't hear every question correctly every time, but when it does, it works relatively quickly. Compared to Siri, which sort of checks out after it finishes each task, Assistant builds upon my previous queries, so it made me interact with it longer.. The Pixel and Pixel XL are nearly identical, but the latter has a bigger, sharper display and a bumped-up battery. Other than that, they're pretty much the same. Both are polished and well crafted, and their sleek, one-piece aluminum design make them more elegant than previous Nexus devices.. Best Phones for 2018. See All. Samsung’s king of phones is excellent, but you'll pay a pretty penny for stylus privileges.. A radical redesign that's nearly all screen includes a new cutting-edge facial recognition.... LG just gave Samsung a run for the money.. But we're still waiting on the Siri-like AI.. The Pixel 2's superb camera makes it worth a look.. This week on CNET News. Homeland Security's tall order: A hacker-free election. 'Annihilation' director wove memory into a dream-like movie. Dogecoin: The joke cryptocurrency that was too real for its own good. Discuss Google Pixel. Be respectful, keep it clean and stay on topic. We delete comments that violate our policy , which we encourage you to read. Discussion threads can be closed at any time at our discretion.. CNET may earn fees when you click through to a partner site.. 
How to Block a Number on Any Phone. How to Build Your Smart Home. How to Create an Anonymous Email Account. How to Save Money on Your Cell Phone Plan. How to Set Up Two-Factor Authentication. How to Set Up and Configure Your Wireless Router. Tips Every Amazon Addict Should Know. Hard Drives, Storage, Networking & Backup. Back Antivirus, Safety & Security. Back Browsers & Operating Systems. Best HR Software & Management Systems. Best Self-Service Business Intelligence (BI) Tools. Best Social Media Management & Analytics Tools. Back Cameras & Photo/Video Editing. Best Video Editing Software for Enthusiasts. Best Samsung Galaxy S8 and S8+ Cases. Best Samsung Galaxy Note 8 Cases. Best MacBook Air Cases and Sleeves. Back Smart Home & Wearables. Back Hard Drives, Storage, Networking & Backup. Back Keyboards, Mice, Monitors & Speakers. Back Shows, Events & Holiday. Back TVs & Streaming Media. Best Managed WordPress Web Hosting Services. Best Small Business Web Hosting Services. If you lust after the latest Android software and cool new features in the Google Pixel XL, but are turned off by large phones, the 5-inch Pixel is a superb alternative. Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. blog comments powered by Disqus. PCMag reviews products independently , but we may earn affiliate commissions from buying links on this page.. View All 10 Photos in Gallery. No waterproofing, expandable storage, or wireless charging.. If you lust after the latest Android software and cool new features in the Google Pixel XL, but are turned off by large phones, the 5-inch Pixel is a superb alternative.. The unlocked Google Pixel ($649 for 32GB, $749 for 128GB) is almost identical to its larger sibling, the Pixel XL. The Pixel is a better phone for those who prefer the ergonomic advantages of a 5-inch design, while the 5.5-inch XL tickles the fancies of the phablet crowd. You lose some screen resolution by stepping down in size, but aside from that, the phones are virtually identical in terms of features and performance. Both have top-notch Qualcomm Snapdragon 821 processors, the latest Android OS with guaranteed updates, 24/7 live help, and built-in Google Assistant capability. That makes the Pixel one of the best 5-inch Android phones available, and an Editors' Choice along with the Samsung Galaxy S7 .. Design, Display, and Features The Google Pixel takes many of its design cues from the Apple iPhone 7 , including a metal unibody chassis, a bottom-firing speaker, and a rear camera that sits in the upper-right corner. We received the Quite Black Pixel model for review, which is more like a very dark gray, but still looks sleek. It's also available in Really Blue and Very Silver.. The Pixel is one of the more reasonably sized Android phones you can get. It measures 5.7 by 2.7 by 0.3 inches (HWD) and weighs 5 ounces. The Galaxy S7 is nearly identical, at 5.6 by 2.7 by 0.3 inches, but slightly heavier at 5.4 ounces. The 4.7-inch iPhone 7 is smaller and lighter than both at 5.4 by 2.6 by 0.3 inches and 4.9 ounces.. Like the larger XL, the back of the Pixel has a pane of glass inlaid in the upper half, with a fingerprint sensor set in the middle. It's a unique design that prevents the Pixel from looking like every other phone out there. With Pixel Imprint you can register up to five fingerprints to unlock the phone, though it seems to take ever-so-slightly longer to wake and unlock compared with the Galaxy S7 and iPhone 7. Motion gestures let you swipe down on the fingerprint scanner to access the notifications shade, which is convenient.. View All 10 Photos in Gallery. You'll find a USB-C charging port on the bottom with a speaker and mic on either side. The Power button and volume rocker are on the right, a SIM card slot is on the left, and a 3.5mm headphone jack is up top. You won't find a microSD card slot, so you're limited to internal storage, as with the iPhone. The phone also lacks waterproofing and wireless charging. If any or all of these features are important to you, your needs will be better met by the Galaxy S7.. The Pixel has a 5-inch, 1,920-by-1,080 AMOLED display. It's very bright, and at 441 pixels per inch (ppi) text is crisp and clear. It doesn't quite match the S7's 5.1-inch Quad HD Super AMOLED panel (577ppi), but it's sharper than the iPhone 7's Retina display (326ppi). Colors look accurate, viewing angles are terrific, and using the phone under direct sunlight is no problem. That said, the larger Pixel XL boasts a Quad HD panel with 534ppi, and for the price, it's somewhat disappointing to see the drop in resolution here.. Left to right: Google Pixel, Apple iPhone 7. Network Performance and Connectivity We received a Verizon model of the Pixel for review, but it's unlocked and supports bands for use on all US carriers. You have a wide array of GSM (850/900/1800/1900), CDMA (800/1900), and LTE bands (1/2/3/4/5/7/8/12/13/17/20/25/26/28/29/30/41) for solid performance on any service provider. We tested the phone on Verizon, the winner of our Fastest Mobile Networks award for the third year in a row. In Midtown Manhattan the phone delivered strong network performance, with a top download speed of 41Mbps. It also supports dual-band Wi-Fi, NFC, and Bluetooth 4.2.. Voice calls are good, with clear transmissions through the earpiece and solid noise cancellation for outgoing calls. There's a minor robotic edge to voices, but it doesn't impact overall clarity. Earpiece volume could stand to be a bit louder.. Processor, Battery, and Camera Like its larger sibling, the Pixel is powered by a top-of-the-line Qualcomm Snapdragon 821 processor. On Geekbench, which tests CPU performance, it received a single-core score of 1,524 and a multicore score of 4,127, roughly the same as the Pixel XL (1,661/4,136). Those results are similar to those of the Snapdragon 820–powered Galaxy S7 (1,695/3,955), likely because Geekbench hasn't been optimized for the Snapdragon 821 yet. Neither phone is a match for Apple's A10 Fusion-powered iPhone 7, however, which scored 3,490/5,662.. The JetStream browser benchmark, which shows how the phone handles advanced Web applications, provides a better picture of the improvement you can expect. The Pixel scored 55.227, significantly higher than the S7's 41.201.. The Pixel has 4GB of RAM, which is more than ample for multitasking and gaming. I was able to play graphically demanding games like GTA: San Andreas and Asphalt 8 without any trouble. And unlike the Pixel XL, the Pixel never ran physically warm in testing.. See How We Test Cell Phones. The phone clocked 7 hours and 21 minutes of runtime in our test, in which we set screen brightness to maximum and stream full-screen video over LTE. That's actually better than the larger Pixel XL (6 hours, 43 minutes), likely thanks to the Pixel's lower-resolution display, and roughly 2 hours longer than the iPhone 7 (5 hours, 45 minutes). But the Galaxy S7 bests them all with 9 hours. That said, the Pixel XL showed seriously strong standby time, lasting an entire weekend with power to spare; I suspect the Pixel will be about as good. It also supports fast charging with the included adapter, charging to full in roughly an hour.. Camera Camera performance on the Pixel is identical to the XL. Both have a 12.3-megapixel rear camera with laser autofocus. We tested the Pixel against the iPhone 7 Plus and the Samsung Galaxy S7, two of the best smartphone cameras available. All shots were taken with Auto mode and no other adjustments.. In well-lit situations, such as our shots of the Flatiron Building and a flower bed above, the Pixel captures clear, detailed images, favoring brighter colors a bit more than the S7 and matching the iPhone 7 Plus in overall clarity and detail capture. In lower light it also does well, beating out the S7 in capturing details in areas with shadows or darkness, as our shot of a statue below illustrates.. The Pixel's rear camera is capable of recording 4K video at 30fps and 1080p at 60fps. In both cases, video is smooth and stable, assisted by the excellent electronic image stabilization (EIS). We tested the EIS by walking the length of a hallway in PCMag's office with the Pixel, and then compared the results against those of the Galaxy S7 and the iPhone 7 Plus, both of which use optical image stabilization (OIS). The Pixel has excellent stabilization for a device that uses software-based rather than physical lens adjustments, but naturally, the S7 and iPhone 7 were more stable when it came to panning around. The Pixel tends to jitter and lose focus during turns.. The 8-megapixel front-facing camera takes good, clear shots in most circumstances. It also allows for solid video chats via Duo.. Software, Google Assistant, and 24/7 Help The Pixel ships with Android 7.1 Nougat , a version of the operating system that is not yet available on any other phone. It brings some significant changes, including an app screen that's been removed from the home screen and can only be accessed by swiping up, and some less significant ones, like circular app icons. And Google promises to deliver software updates to the phone, which is a heck of a lot better than you can expect with many other Android devices.. The Pixel is a marked departure from Nexus phones like the 6P and 5X. It's the first phone with Google Assistant built in, which is essentially the company's version of Siri. You can call it up by holding down the Home button or by simply saying "OK Google," and use voice commands to carry out various tasks such as receiving weather updates, making phone calls, and adding events to your calendar. Replies aren't perfect, though, and certain queries will just return a Google search result. It uses machine learning, so we expect it will get better over time, especially when it integrates with Google Home. Non-Pixel users can still access Google Assistant through Allo , but having it built in is definitely a plus.. The other big selling point of the Pixel is 24/7 live support. Accessed through the Support tab in the Settings menu, it allows you to text with or request a phone call from a Google support representative. We tested this service twice, before launch and a week after. Text chat works best in terms of accessibility. We were quickly connected with a support representative after a brief wait. Support quality varied from person to person, but all were eager to assist and one even followed up by email and offered a return merchandise authorization to make sure our issue was resolved.. Phone support is available 24/7, but our experience here wasn't as smooth. Wait times in getting a call back are longer, and two attempts made to contact phone support over the weekend seemed to go unanswered, though a representative did follow up later by email. Still, the live support Google offers with the Pixel is significantly better than anything you'll get from nearly any other phone manufacturer. It's next in line behind Apple's Genius Bar, which you definitely can't access from your own home.. The phone has an unlockable bootloader (except for the Verizon retail model), which means you can root the phone and install ROMs. In terms of the software load, you'll find the standard set of Google apps, along with three bloatware apps—My Verizon, Message+, and go90—which can thankfully be uninstalled. (If you buy the Pixel directly from Google you won't have these preloaded.) You're left with 25.11GB of available storage out of a total of 32GB. That's on the low side, but you get free unlimited storage for photos and video with Google Photos, which helps. Still, given the absence of a microSD card, we advise you pay the extra $100 for the 128GB version, which brings your total up to $749.. Conclusions Overall, the Google Pixel is one of a handful of reasonably sized Android phones that, because of its hardware, can compete with flagship phablets. That makes sense, because at $649-$749, it's priced right in line with those high-end models. If software is of paramount importance to you, no other Android phone on the market can match the Pixel. If you're more interested in hardware, the Samsung Galaxy S7 is the phone to get. It has a higher resolution display, a waterproof design, expandable storage, and longer battery life. Both phones fulfill different needs, and are equally worthy of our Editors' Choice.. Bottom Line: If you lust after the latest Android software and cool new features in the Google Pixel XL, but are turned off by large phones, the 5-inch Pixel is a superb alternative.. Alcatel Idol 4S With Windows 10 VR. Alcatel Idol 4S With Windows 10 VR. Ajay Kumar is PCMag's Analyst obsessed with all things mobile. Ajay reviews phones, tablets, accessories, and just about any other gadget that can be carried around with you. In his spare time he games on the rig he built himself, collects Nintendo amiibos, and tries his hand at publishing a novel. Hands On: Alcatel Series 5, 3, 1 Phones, 1T Tablets, Linkzone Hotspots. Skyroam Tips $99 4G Roaming Subscription Service. PCMag reviews products independently , but we may earn affiliate commissions from buying links on this page.. Get Our Best Stories! Email Sign Up. Subscribe to What's New Now. This newsletter may contain advertising, deals, or affiliate links. Subscribing to a newsletter indicates your consent to our Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. You may unsubscribe from the newsletters at any time.. Tech on a Budget: 35 Gift Ideas Under $20. 28 Hidden iOS 11 Tips You Need to Know. 13 Must-Have Tech Gifts Under $50. 10 Games Every Nintendo Switch Player Needs. TV Shows to Watch if You Love 'Stranger Things'. How to Master iOS 11's New Control Center. How to Play DVDs in Windows 10. How to Stop Blue Light From Disturbing Your Sleep. PC, PC Magazine and PC PCMag.com are among the federally registered trademarks of Ziff Davis, LLC and may not be used by third parties without explicit permission.. We have updated our PRIVACY POLICY and encourage you to read it by clicking here .. 
Smartphones , tablets , laptops. 21, 2013 ; 5 years ago. Chrome OS and Android. Display: 5.0" AMOLED display with 1080×1920 pixel resolution (Pixel); 5.5" AMOLED display with 1440×2560 pixel resolution (Pixel XL). Processor: Qualcomm Snapdragon 821. Storage: 32 GB or 128 GB. RAM : 4 GB LPDDR4. Cameras: 12.3 MP rear camera with f/2.0 lens and IR laser-assisted autofocus; [5] 1,55 μm Pixel size. [6] 8 MP front camera with f/2.4 lens. Battery: 2,770 mAh (Pixel); 3,450 mAh (Pixel XL); both are non-removable and have fast charging. Colors: Very Silver, Quite Black or Really Blue (Limited Edition). Display: 5.0" AMOLED display with 1080×1920 pixel resolution (Pixel 2); 6" P-OLED display with 1440×2880 pixel resolution (Pixel 2 XL); Both displays have Corning Gorilla Glass 5. Processor: Qualcomm Snapdragon 835. Storage: 64 GB or 128 GB. Cameras: 12.2 MP rear camera with f/1.8 lens, IR laser-assisted autofocus, optical and electronic image stabilization; 8 MP front camera with f/2.4 lens. Battery: 2,700 mAh (Pixel 2); 3,520 mAh (Pixel 2 XL); both are non-removable and have fast charging. Materials: Aluminum unibody design with hybrid coating; IP67 water and dust resistance. Colors: Just Black, Clearly White or Kinda Blue (Pixel 2); Just Black or Black & White (Pixel 2 XL). Display: 10.2" display with 2560×1800 pixel resolution. Cameras: 8 MP rear camera; 2 MP front camera. Chromebook Pixel (2013) [ edit ]. Display: 12.85" display with 2560×1700 pixel resolution. Processor: 3rd Generation ( Ivy Bridge ) Intel Core i5 processor. Storage: 32 GB internal storage and 1 TB Google Drive storage for 3 years. Chromebook Pixel (2015) [ edit ]. Display: 12.85" display with 2560×1700 pixel resolution. Processor: 5th Generation ( Broadwell ) Intel Core i5 or i7 processor. Storage: 32 or 64 GB internal storage and 1 TB Google Drive storage for 3 years. Display: 12.3" display with 2400×1600 pixel resolution (235 ppi). Processor: 7th Generation ( Kaby Lake ) Intel Core i5 or i7 processor. Storage: 128, 256 or 512 GB internal storage. Wikimedia Commons has media related to Google Pixel. List of Google Play edition devices. This article is about the series of Google hardware products. For the first generation Google Pixel phone, known as the "Google Pixel", see Pixel (smartphone) .. Top : Logo introduced with the first-generation Pixel smartphones. Bottom : The Pixel 2 and Pixel 2 XL smartphones. Google Pixel is a line of consumer electronic devices from Google that run either the Chrome OS or Android operating system. The Pixel brand was introduced in February 2013 with the first generation Chromebook Pixel. The Pixel line includes laptops and smartphones, together with (from 2015 to 2017) the Pixel C tablet. The devices can be bought through the Google Store or at retail stores.. 3.1 Chromebook Pixel (2013). 3.2 Chromebook Pixel (2015). Main article: Comparison of Google Pixel smartphones. Google announced the first generation Pixel smartphones, the Pixel and the Pixel XL , on October 4, 2016 during the #MadeByGoogle event. [1] They originally ran Android 7.1 Nougat. Google emphasized the camera on the two phones, which ranked as the best smartphone camera on DxOMarkMobile with 89 points until HTC released the U11 , which scored 90 points. [2] This is largely due to software optimizations such as HDR+. The Pixel phones also include unlimited cloud storage for pictures on Google Photos [3] and an unlockable bootloader. Google announced the Pixel 2 series, consisting of the Pixel 2 and Pixel 2 XL , on October 4, 2017.. The Pixel C was announced by Google at an event on September 29, 2015, [7] alongside the Nexus 5X and Nexus 6P phones (among other products). The Pixel C includes a USB-C port and a 3.5. [8] The device shipped with Android 6.0.1 Marshmallow , and later received versions of Android 7 Nougat and Android 8 Oreo. The Pixel C was discontinued in December 2017. Google announced the first generation Chromebook Pixel in a blog post on February 21, 2013. [10] The laptop includes an SD/multi-card reader, Mini-DisplayPort, combination headphone/microphone jack, and two USB 2.0 ports. Some of the device's other features include a backlit keyboard, a "fully clickable etched glass trackpad," integrated stereo speakers, and two built-in microphones. On March 11, 2015, Google announced the second generation of the Chromebook Pixel in a blog post. [12] The laptop includes two USB-C ports, two USB 3.0 ports, an SD card slot, and a combination headphone/microphone jack. The device also has a backlit keyboard, a "multi-touch, clickable glass trackpad," built-in stereo speakers, and two built-in microphones, among other features. Google discontinued the 2015 version of the Chromebook Pixel on August 29, 2016. On October 4, 2017, Google launched the third generation of the Chromebook Pixel, named the Google Pixelbook , at its Made by Google 2017 event. Main article: Google Pixel Buds. At Google's October 2017 hardware event, a set of wireless earbuds were unveiled alongside the Pixel 2 smartphones. [16] The earbuds are designed for phones running Android Marshmallow or higher, and work with Google Assistant. [17] In addition to audio playback and answering calls, the earbuds support translation in 40 languages through Google Translate. [18] The earbuds are able to auto pair with the Pixel 2 with the help of the Google Assistant and "Nearby". [19] The Pixel Buds are available in the colors Just Black, Clearly White and Kinda Blue. The earbuds have a battery capacity of 120 mAh while the charging case that comes with the Pixel Buds have a battery capacity of 620 mAh. [20] The earbuds are priced at $159. Alongside the launch of the Pixelbook in October 2017, Google announced the Pixelbook Pen, a stylus to be used with the Pixelbook. It has pressure sensitivity as well as support for Google Assistant. The Pen is powered by a replaceable AAAA battery and is priced at US$99. ^ "Pixel 'phone by Google' announced". Retrieved October 4, 2016. Retrieved February 21, 2017. ^ "Google is giving free, unlimited original-quality photo and video backups with the Pixel phones". Retrieved March 21, 2017. ^ "It's Official: Pixel Phones from the Google Store Will Be Rootable with Unlockable Bootloaders". ^ Zimmerman, Steven (October 12, 2016). "Sony IMX378: Comprehensive Breakdown of the Google Pixel's Sensor and its Features". Retrieved October 17, 2016. ^ "Google Pixel product page". Made by Google (in de_DE). Retrieved February 21, 2017. CS1 maint: Unrecognized language ( link ). "Google unveils Android-based Pixel C tablet". ^ "Pixel C specifications". Retrieved September 2, 2016. ^ Whitwam, Ryan (December 28, 2017). "The Pixel C has been dropped from the Google Store". Retrieved January 7, 2018. ^ "The Chromebook Pixel, for what's next". Retrieved September 2, 2016. ^ "Chromebook Pixel specifications". Retrieved September 2, 2016. ^ "Meet the updated Chromebook Pixel and the new Google Store". Retrieved September 2, 2016. ^ "Chromebook Pixel (2015) specifications". Retrieved September 2, 2016. "Google discontinues the Chromebook Pixel 2". Retrieved September 2, 2016. ^ "Google's Pixelbook is a 2-in-1 premium Chromebook". ^ Li, Abner (4 October 2017). "Google Pixel Buds: Assistant-enabled Bluetooth neckbuds from Google". Retrieved 4 October 2017. ^ Carman, Ashley (4 October 2017). "Google's Pixel Buds are the company's first wireless headphones". Retrieved 4 October 2017. ^ Pallandino, Valentina (4 October 2017). "Google Pixel Buds are wireless earbuds that translate conversations in real time". Retrieved 4 October 2017. ^ "Google's Pixel Buds use Assistant to auto-pair to your phone, just like Apple's AirPods [Update]". ^ a b "Google Pixel Buds". ^ "Google's Pixelbook Pen searches for what you circle". Pixel 2 & Pixel 2 XL. Android Open Source Project (AOSP). Pixel 2 & Pixel 2 XL. LG UX ( Optimus UI ). Samsung Experience ( Samsung TouchWiz ). List of mergers and acquisitions by Alphabet. "Google: Behind the Screen" (2006 documentary). Google: The Thinking Factory (2008 documentary). Google and the World Brain (2013 documentary). Categories : Google hardware Computer-related introductions in 2013 Android (operating system) Smartphones Tablet computers. Hidden categories: CS1 maint: Unrecognized language Use mdy dates from September 2017 Official website different in Wikidata and Wikipedia. Not logged in Talk Contributions Create account Log in. Main page Contents Featured content Current events Random article Donate to Wikipedia Wikipedia store. Help About Wikipedia Community portal Recent changes Contact page. What links here Related changes Upload file Special pages Permanent link Page information Wikidata item Cite this page. Create a book Download as PDF Printable version. Asturianu Čeština Deutsch Ελληνικά Español فارسی Français 한국어 עברית Magyar Nederlands 日本語 Português Русский Simple English Slovenčina Suomi Svenska Türkçe Українська Tiếng Việt 中文. This page was last edited on 8 February 2018, at 17:59. Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License ;. By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc. 
Phones Home & Entertainment Headphones. An error occurred while cancelling your delivery. An error occurred while processing your purchase. Your promo code has been applied to your order and can be seen at checkout.. Could not load the specified resource.. Devices on Google Play moved to the new Google Store! Dismiss. You can’t add this phone unless it has the same device protection choice as other phones in your cart. You can update your choice or purchase this phone in your next order.. We can't ship this with other items in your cart. Unfortunately, we couldn't add that to your cart. There are limits on how many you can buy.. Unfortunately, we only allow one Trade In per order. Please remove Trade In to add Pixel to your cart.. Your order is still being processed. Check your Order history before placing another order.. You are now on Google Store Singapore. Your delivery address couldn’t be changed. Please make sure that it is spelled correctly. Google Pixel Buds are designed for high-quality audio and fit comfortably in your. Talk to more people in more places with Google. Get real-time translation with Google Translate. Just touch and hold the right earbud to activate the Google Assistant on your. Google Pixel Buds provide up to 5 hours of listening time with just one charge. 3 And Pixel Buds’ charging case holds multiple charges, so you can get up to 24 hours of listening time for when you’re on the. How long will it take me to get to. Send a text to Nicole: “Be right. Quickly access music, messages and more. Simply touch and hold the right earbud to access the Google. Focuses on your voice and filters out background. To pair within seconds, open the Pixel Buds charging case near your Pixel or a phone running Android Marshmallow or. Operating system For Google Pixel Buds as an audio headset: Android 5.0 Lollipop or higher iOS 10.0 or higher For minimum hardware requirements go to g.co/pixelbuds/help. For phone to access the Google Assistant: Android 6.0 Marshmallow or higher and other requirements. Dimensions Earbuds length: 20.4 mm (0.8 in) Earbuds width: 20.4 mm (0.8 in) Earbuds height: 20.5 mm (0.8 in) Charging case length: 66.2 mm Charging case width: 65.5 mm Charging case height: 28.6 mm Weight Earbuds: 14 g (0.49 oz) Charging case: 57 g (2.0 oz) with buds, 43 g (1.5 oz) without buds Wireless Bluetooth™ Ports & Connectors USB-C™ for charging Colours Just Black 6 Battery Earbuds: 120 mAh Charging Case: 620 mAh A single charge of Google Pixel Buds gives you up to 5 hours of listening time.³ Sensors Microphone Accelerometer Capacitive touchpad. Use of Pixel Buds as an audio headset requires a Bluetooth-enabled companion device. For minimum OS and hardware requirements, go to g.co/pixelbuds/help. Additionally, the Google Assistant on Google Pixel Buds is only available on Android and requires an Assistant-enabled Android device and data connection. For available Google Assistant languages and minimum requirements, go to g.co/pixelbuds/help .. Google Account required for full access to features. Image on box may be different from product inside. Keep me updated about devices, news, tips and offers from Google.. Subscribed Log in & Sign Up. ¹The Google Assistant on Google Pixel Buds is only available on Android and requires an Assistant-enabled Android device and data connection. For available Assistant languages and minimum requirements go to g.co/pixelbuds/help. Requires a Google Account for full access to features. Google Translate on Google Pixel Buds is only available on Pixel.. ²Charging time performance statistics are approximate. Get up to 1 hour of listening time with a 10-minute charge. ³Google Pixel Buds battery performance statistics are approximate and are based on listening time, and audio control and other factors. Testing conducted in September 2017 on pre-production Pixel Buds connected to a pre-production Pixel 2 phone.. ⁴Total listening times are approximate and are measured using fully charged Google Pixel Buds and a fully charged case for the first Google Pixel Buds recharge cycle. Google Pixel Buds battery testing conducted in September 2017 on pre-production Pixel Buds connected to a pre-production Pixel 2 phone.. ⁵For phones supporting fast pair go to g.co/pixelbuds/help .. ⁶Colours may vary and change over time.. USB Type-C and USB-C are trademarks of USB Implementers Forum.. IOS is a trademark or registered trademark of Cisco in the US and other countries and is used under licence.. The Bluetooth® mark is a registered trademark of Bluetooth SIG, Inc.. Placing an order Delivery options Tracking a package Country availability. Placing an order Delivery options Tracking a package Country availability. Privacy Devices Terms of Sale Google Terms of Service. 
Samsung Galaxy S9 OnePlus 5T Huawei Mate 10 Google Pixel 2 OnePlus 5. LG K10 (2018) Samsung Galaxy S9 Elephone S8 HTC U11 Eyes Honor 9 Lite. Samsung Galaxy S9 OnePlus 5T Huawei Mate 10 Google Pixel 2 OnePlus 5. Buy and sell gently used phones. Google announced the release of the Pixel smartphone in October 2016. While manufactured by HTC, the Pixel is entirely Google's own design. The flagship device features a 5.0" FHD AMOLED display, with a pixel density of 441ppi, and a Gorilla Glass 4 coating. It's powered by a Qualcomm Snapdragon 821 chipset, comprised of a quad-core 2.15Ghz Kryo CPU, Adreno 530 GPU, and 4GB of RAM. It comes with a choice of either 32GB or 128GB internal storage, but does lack a removable storage slot. On the rear of the Pixel sits a 12MP camera, with f/2.0 aperture, phase detection autofocus, and 4K video recording. The front selfie camera has an 8MP sensor, with f/2.0 aperture, and FHD video. The Google Pixel runs on a non-removable 2770mAh battery, with fast charging capability, and uses a USB Type-C connector. On the exterior, the Pixel has an aluminium unibody, with a large polished glass panel on the rear, surrounding the camera lens, flash, and a fingerprint sensor. Google's Live Cases are also available for the Pixel.. The device is the first to feature Google Assistant, a voice activated assistant, that integrates Google now. It's also the first device to ship with Android 7.1.. Xiaomi Redmi Note 5 and Redmi Note 5 Pro Forums Are Now Open for Posting. Unofficial LineageOS 15.1 brings Android 8.1 Oreo Go Edition to First Generation Android One Devices. Take Control of your Phone’s Rotation with “Rotation” Orientation Manager. Customize Samsung Experience 9.0 and Android Oreo on the Samsung Galaxy S8/S8+ with this Xposed Module. MX Player is Recruiting Users for a New Private Beta Testing Program. Dreaming Battery is a Minimalist Screensaver for Displaying your Battery Level. Having troubles with your Ad Blocker? This app adds a Quick Settings tile for easy Ad Block toggling. Google Pixel Guides, News, & Discussion. Google Pixel ROMs, Kernels, Recoveries, & Other Development. Google Pixel Themes, Apps, and Mods. Google Pixel Real Life Review Google Pixel Questions & Answers Google Pixel Guides, News, & Discussion Google Pixel ROMs, Kernels, Recoveries, & Other Development Google Pixel Themes, Apps, and Mods Google Pixel Accessories. December Android 8.1 Oreo factory images and full OTA images. [ROM] [sailfish] [8.1] [LOS-based] **crDroid**v4.0 (2/24/18). More Google Pixel Real Life Review Threads. Verizon Pixel XL - unlocking bootloader on Oreo. updated to Oreo, menus now white, how do i get them dark again?. How to have Adaway without root. Pixel and Pixel XL vibration motor compatibility. Microphone and speaker no longer working. More Google Pixel Questions & Answers Threads. Google Pixel Guides, News, & Discussion. [EXP] Verizon Pixel/Pixel 2 (& XL) Potential Bootloader Unlock Method. Enable bubble mode on Google Dialer *Root*. [Mini Guide] How to root 8.1. More Google Pixel Guides, News, & Discussion Threads. Google Pixel ROMs, Kernels, Recoveries, & Other Development. [ROM] [sailfish] [8.1] [LOS-based] **crDroid**v4.0 (2/24/18). [ROM] [sailfish | Pixel] [7.1.2] [LOS-based] **crDroid**v3.8.4. ROM - AOSP for Sailfish (with minor customizations). [REFERENCE] Pixel kernel source with linux-stable (3.18.96). More Google Pixel ROMs, Kernels, Recoveries, & Other Development Threads. Google Pixel Themes, Apps, and Mods. [MOD] - WETA Audio 9.1 - [aroma][V4A][DolbyAtmos][xloud][srs][beats][+++]. [MODS] Pixel OREO Aroma Mods Installer 8.1 February update. More Google Pixel Themes, Apps, and Mods Threads. Excellent car charger for Google Pixel and All the Type C Chromebooks. Replacement Rear Glass with Adhesive only on edge/border?. [info] Pixel and Pixel XL wired headset compatibility. ---- XDA 2013 Beta - 1024. XDA Developers was founded by developers, for developers. It is now a valuable resource for people who want to make the most of their mobile devices, from customizing the look and feel to adding new functionality. Are you a developer? | Terms of Service. 
Search Images Maps Play YouTube News Gmail Drive More ». Web History | Settings | Sign in. Google offered in: 中文(简体) Bahasa Melayu தமிழ். Programs Business Solutions +Google About Google Google.com. © 2018 - Privacy - Terms. 
Press enter or click on the search icon. Google Pixel long-term review: Still the best camera?. Exclusive Mobiles.co.uk Deal: £25 Amazon voucher. The Google Pixel was up there with the best phones of 2016, and it’s still one of the finest out there today. This seems like an odd thing to say, because Google’s first proper attempt at a phone is missing a lot of features we take for granted now. It looks kind of dull, has limited storage options, isn’t waterproof and doesn’t offer a screen anywhere near as nice as Sony’s Xperia XZ Premium .. Yet, the Google Pixel still has the best camera on any phone and that makes it instantly appealing. The photos captured by this dinky, chunky phone. are sublime and unmatched even by the LG G6 and Samsung Galaxy S8 .. The software too plays a big part in this phone’s success. Pure Android 7.1.1 is smooth and well designed, something a lot of the skins on competing phones just aren’t. Plus you’ll be first in the queue for Android O – and you can even install the Dev preview right now – when it launches later in the summer.. Related: Google Pixel 2 – everything you need to know. Having used the Pixel since its release, there are a few things that stop me wholeheartedly recommending this phone. For one, it’s very expensive, especially for the meagre 32GB option. There’s also no expandable storage, so I would thoroughly recommend saving up a bit more and going for the 128GB model.. It’s also not the most durable phone, in fact I don’t think I have come across a metal phone that picks up dents and dings quite so much as the Google Pixel. The paint on the back is also prone to scratching off, so a case is probably in order.. Performance has stayed consistently fantastic, I think this phone is faster in general use than the Snapdragon 835-packing Galaxy S8, and Google’s steady stream of updates have kept it feeling fresh. I was never completely impressed by the battery life, but it still manages to get through the day.. If you want a phone with the best camera and software available, the Google Pixel remains a fantastic choice. It’s not the flashiest phone in 2017 and the fact it still commands a high price might put some off, but if you want the best photos from a phone that this is your top pick.. Get a £25 Amazon voucher with all pay monthly contracts and upgrades at Mobiles.co.uk, plus an additional £10 off with voucher code TRUSTED10. The Google Pixel is a landmark device, signalling the first proper foray into phones by the search engine giant. And boy, has it done a good job.. The Pixel is available in two sizes – the smaller one reviewed here and a larger 5.5-inch Pixel XL – and has one of the best cameras on any phone, along with a software experience that’s better than any other Android device.. Get news, competitions and special offers direct to your inbox. By submitting your information, you agree to the Terms & Conditions and Privacy & Cookies Policy .. Please keep me up to date with special offers and news from Trusted Reviews and other brands within the Time Inc. You can unsubscribe at any time.. We'd also like to send you special offers and news just by email from other carefully selected companies we think you might like. Your personal details will not be shared with those companies - we send the emails and you can unsubscribe at any time. Please tick here if you are happy to receive these messages.. Terms & Conditions and Privacy & Cookies Policy. You have to pay a premium for these features – this certainly isn’t a Nexus -priced device – but it’s far from the first phone to cost a pretty penny. And when it’s this good, it’s worth paying that bit extra.. Related: Our review of Daydream View – the best mobile VR headset?. The least exciting part about the whole idea of the Google Pixel is its design. I know many people who dislike it completely, but I find it perfectly serviceable. It isn’t as flashy as Samsung’s Galaxy S7 , but it’s much nicer than than the latest batch of iPhones.. The body is made from metal and glass – pretty much a given these days – and it tapers down ever so slightly on the rear to help avoid any unnecessary camera bumps. A circular fingerprint sensor sits below the camera sensor, and both are encased in a divisive glass panel that runs about a third of the way down the back. Some in the TrustedReviews’ office hate it, but I think it adds some flair, catching the light nicely. It is a fingerprint magnet and scratches very easily, however.. Related: iPhone vs Pixel Google Pixel and Pixel XL video review. Unlike Apple, Google includes a 3.5mm headphone jack – but I’d have preferred for it to have been placed at the bottom rather than the top of the phone. In addition, Google has used a wide bezel above and below the screen – just like the iPhone. It would have been good to see this space used for a pair of front-facing speakers – maybe this will come with the Pixel 2.. The sides are heavily chamfered, and this helps the device to fit comfortably in your hand. This is one of the easiest phones to hold, helped by the fact it isn’t overly thin.. It’s also completely usable in one hand, something that can’t be said for the larger Pixel XL. It’s roughly the same size as an iPhone 7, just a little taller and marginally thicker.. Related: Best Google Pixel & Google Pixel XL Deals. 5-inch displays are becoming a rarity in the Android space, but for many they provide the perfect mix of portability and size. However, the problem – aside from the dearth of choice – is that smaller phones tend to be hamstrung by weak components and a lack of features.. Thankfully, this isn’t the case here. This is a 5-inch display phone with the innards of a larger device – and that’s great news.. The Pixel’s display is fantastic, comfortably one of the best at this size. It’s an AMOLED panel – the same tech Samsung uses on its Galaxy series – with a 1080p resolution. This isn’t as high as the larger Pixel XL and its quad-HD panel, but due to its smaller size you really won’t notice the difference.. It’s pin-sharp with zero jagged edges around icons when you’re looking at it from a normal distance. Get right up close, with your eye almost touching the screen, and you might notice a tiny bit of pixellation around the battery icons and on-screen buttons. Realistically, though, you won’t be using the phone from such a distance.. I only question Google’s decision to use a 1080p panel here when it comes to VR. With the upcoming Daydream View headset using the phone display, the experience might be worse on the Pixel’s lower-resolution screen as opposed to the Pixel XL. I haven’t had the opportunity to use them together yet, so will keep my thoughts open until I do.. Everything else about the screen is great. Since it’s AMOLED, there’s a lovely kick to the colours, yet saturation looks accurate. Often these display types overblow reds and greens, but they look fine here. Blacks, too, are deep and inky – although there’s a slight grey tinge to the Pixel when it’s placed side-by-side with the Pixel XL or a Samsung Galaxy S7.. Viewing angles are great, brightness is excellent, and the auto-brightness is easily the best I have used on Android.. Trusted Reviews is part of Time Inc. (UK) Ltd Fashion & Beauty Network. 
National Accessibility Customer Service Skip to Main Content. Use arrow keys to access sub-menus and sub-menu links, this may require a mode change. In the meantime, explore some of our products and services:. Browse a selection of Phones, Devices & Plans. Note: Not all devices and plans are available for purchase at this alternate site. 
Home Shop MWC News Reviews Features Opinions Videos The Gadgets 360 Show Cell Guru Prime Tech Smartphone Reviews Tech and Gadget Reviews How-To Videos Video Game Reviews and Features Top Lists by Gadgets 360 Unboxing and Hands-On Videos Podcasts Compare Mobiles Phone Finder DEALS. Mobiles Tablets Apps Gaming Cameras PC/Laptops AUDIO/VIDEO How To Telecom Science INDIA INTERNET SOCIAL MEDIA WEARABLES हिंदी. Acer Adcom Alcatel Apple Archos Asus BlackBerry Blu Celkon Coolpad Datawind Fly Gionee HTC Huawei iBall iBerry Idea InFocus Intex iVoomi Jivi Karbonn Lava LeEco Lenovo LG Lyf Maxx Mobile Meizu Micromax Microsoft Motorola MTS Nokia Obi Oppo Panasonic Philips Ringing Bells Samsung Sony Spice Swipe Videocon Vivo Wickedleak Xiaomi Xolo Yu Zen Ziox Zopo ZTE. Home Mobiles Phone Finder Google Pixel. SPECIFICATIONS USER REVIEWS NEWS. Share on Facebook Tweet Share Share Email Reddit. Google Pixel smartphone was launched in October 2016. The phone comes with a 5.00-inch touchscreen display with a resolution of 1080 pixels by 1920 pixels at a PPI of 441 pixels per inch. Google Pixel price in India starts from Rs. The Google Pixel is powered by 1.6GHz quad-core Qualcomm Snapdragon 821 processor and it comes with 4GB of RAM. The phone packs 32GB of internal storage that cannot be expanded. As far as the cameras are concerned, the Google Pixel packs a 12.3-megapixel primary camera on the rear and a 8-megapixel front shooter for selfies. The Google Pixel runs Android 7.1 and is powered by a 2770mAh non removable battery. It measures 143.80 x 69.50 x 8.60 (height x width x thickness) and weigh 143.00 grams. The Google Pixel is a single SIM (GSM) smartphone that accepts a Nano-SIM. Connectivity options include Wi-Fi, GPS, Bluetooth, NFC, 3G and 4G (with support for Band 40 used by some LTE networks in India). Sensors on the phone include Compass Magnetometer, Proximity sensor, Accelerometer, Ambient light sensor, Gyroscope, Barometer and Temperature sensor.. KEY SPECS NEWS Price in india. Google Faces Class Action Lawsuit Over Defective Pixel, Pixel XL Units. Pixel Users Facing Issues in Receiving Text Messages, Google Promises a Fix. Google Pixel XL Successor 'Muskie' Reportedly Shelved for 'Taimen' With Larger Display. Google Pixel, Pixel XL Tipped to Receive Android O in August, Ahead of Nexus Devices. More Google mobiles Google mobiles price in India. Google Pixel Price in India Pixel (Very Silver, 32GB) Rs. 41,999 Pixel (Very Silver, 128GB) Rs. 43,499 Pixel (Quite Black, 128GB) Rs. Release date October 2016 Form factor Touchscreen Dimensions (mm) 143.80 x 69.50 x 8.60 Weight (g) 143.00 Battery capacity (mAh) 2770 Removable battery No Colours Very Silver, Quite Black, Really Blue. Screen size (inches) 5.00 Touchscreen Yes Resolution 1080x1920 pixels Pixels per inch (PPI) 441. Processor 1.6GHz quad-core Processor make Qualcomm Snapdragon 821 RAM 4GB Internal storage 32GB Expandable storage No. Rear camera 12.3-megapixel Rear Flash Dual LED Front camera 8-megapixel. Wi-Fi Yes Wi-Fi standards supported 802.11 a/b/g/n/ac GPS Yes Bluetooth Yes, v 4.20 NFC Yes Infrared No USB OTG No Headphones 3.5mm FM No Number of SIMs 1 SIM 1 SIM Type Nano-SIM GSM/CDMA GSM 3G Yes 4G/ LTE Yes Supports 4G in India (Band 40) Yes. Compass/ Magnetometer Yes Proximity sensor Yes Accelerometer Yes Ambient light sensor Yes Gyroscope Yes Barometer Yes Temperature sensor Yes. Error or missing information? Please let us know. User ratings and reviews for Google Pixel. 3 Out of 5. 5 Star 2 4 Star 1 3 Star 1 2 Star 1 1 Star 2. Displaying review(s) 1- 3 of 3 Sort by: Most Helpful Most Recent. By Shane Reynolds | 27 Dec 2016. For a phone that is manufactured by HTC I was expecting more that what I got with my HTC one m9 over a year ago. With HTC boom sound it sounded like surround sound. The pixel has a funky single speaker at the bottom. No SD card slot for expandable storage. The assistant was entertaining for about 10mins... I feel like I paid $800 for a fingerprint sensor and speed charge... And not worth the pricetag taking it back to Verizon!. Was this review helpful? Yes No. 2 out of 2 people found this review helpful. By sushrut dudhane | 3 Jan 2017. Was this review helpful? Yes No. Google Pixel warranty policy was Unsatisfactory. By Satheesh | 22 Nov 2017. My Mobile has working normally while i'm restarting my device, but after few minutes, my voice call getting connected with others, but not able to hear their voice & mic not working. So taken support from helpdesk, but they refused to service my device on exceptional case, since my warranty expiry on 7th Nov'17 & device has facing issue from 10th Nov'17. However Google pixel in very new to mobile market. So they shouldn't keep their policy like this... moreover my charger adaptor also got faulty in six months. such things will make our common peoples to avoid to purchase this kind of high hand mobile.. Was this review helpful? Yes No. Google Faces Class Action Lawsuit Over Defective Pixel, Pixel XL Units. Pixel Users Facing Issues in Receiving Text Messages, Google Promises a Fix. Google Pixel XL Successor 'Muskie' Reportedly Shelved for 'Taimen' With Larger Display. Google Pixel, Pixel XL Tipped to Receive Android O in August, Ahead of Nexus Devices. Google Pixel, Pixel XL Now Available With Rs. Several Pixel Phone Users Facing Backup Issues, Google Says Working on Fix. Google Pixel, Pixel XL Bluetooth Issue Fix Is Being Rolled Out. Google Pixel, Pixel XL Users Complain of Microphone Failure; Google Recommends Replacement Under Warranty. Some Google Pixel, Pixel XL Users Are Reporting New Bluetooth Issues (Update: Fix Incoming). Google Wants You to Give Feedback on the Design of Pixel Smartphones. Google Pixel 2 XL Google Pixel 2 Google Pixel XL. Sony Xperia Z3 Compact Nokia 8 vs. Google Pixel Google Pixel vs. Samsung Galaxy A3 2016 Google Pixel 2 Xl vs. Google Pixel Google Pixel vs. Samsung Galaxy S7 Edge Google Pixel vs. Lenovo Vibe K5 Apple iPhone X vs. Google Pixel Google Pixel 2 Xl vs. Apple iPhone 7 Google Pixel vs. Motorola Moto G4 Play Google Pixel vs. Nokia 7 Plus Is an Android One Phone With Dual Rear Cameras, Zeiss Optics Samsung Galaxy S9, Galaxy S9+ With Improved Cameras, AR Emoji Launched Samsung Galaxy S9, Galaxy S9+ Pre-Orders Now Open in India Nokia 7 Plus vs Nokia 7 Nokia 8110 4G Is a 'Slider' Feature Phone With Google, Facebook Apps OnePlus 5, OnePlus 5T HD Content Streaming Issue Fixed, With a Catch Sony Unveils Xperia Ear Duo to Answer Apple AirPods, Samsung Gear IconX Vodafone to Offer 4.5GB Data Per Day for 28 Days at Rs. 799: Report Sony Xperia XZ2, Xperia XZ2 Compact With 18:9 Displays Launched at MWC Nokia 8 Sirocco With Dual Cameras, Stainless Steel Frame Launched at MWC. Samsung phones price list Lyf phones price list Micromax phones price list Sony phones price list Htc phones price list Lenovo phones price list Intex phones price list Lava phones price list Apple phones price list Nokia phones price list Xolo phones price list Lg phones price list Vivo phones price list Oppo phones price list Gionee phones price list Motorola phones price list Blackberry phones price list Xiaomi phones price list. Sitemaps Archives Advertise About Us Feedback Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions Complaint Redressal Careers Contact Us RSS Ethics Google Pixel in Hindi. © Copyright Red Pixels Ventures Limited 2018. Subject Comments. 
The source for Tech Buying Advice. More Car Tech. Tech deals, prizes and latest news. A breath of fresh Google air in a world of Android over-complication. The Google Pixel is an excellent flagship phone that's only let down by mediocre battery life and some last-gen specs. The price has recently dropped, making the Pixel is a breath of fresh Google air in a world of Android over-complication.. Expensive, even as a last-gen product. Google Pixel vs Google Pixel 2 price comparison Google Pixel price and release date 32GB - launched at $649 (£599, AU$1,079), now $549 128GB - launched $749 (£699, AU$1,229), now $649 In the US? Get the Google Pixel from Verizon In the UK? Get the Google Pixel from EE. Assertive Assistant A smarter, more personal Google in your pocket Has potential, but power isn’t fully realized yet Can play games, tell jokes and read you poems. Say hello to the Google Pixel, a handset ushering in a new era of the search giant's smartphone range.. It arrives alongside the larger (and even more expensive) Google Pixel XL , as the firm doubles up on devices for another year.. The Pixel takes over from 2015's Nexus 5X as the smaller offering in Google's lineup. The thing is though, it hasn't inherited its predecessor's price point, with the new Pixel sporting a decidedly more premium tag.. Watch our video review of the Google Pixel. The price gap between Google's first-gen device and the new Google Pixel 2, so far, hasn't been that wide. Thus, purchasing the former over the latter simply couldn't be recommended.. But as time goes by, the decision will become easier. Why? Well, the prices are getting better for the Pixel – as low as $399 for the 128GB version. This is almost half-off its original price.. While price varies for the original Pixel, you won't see as much fluidity just yet for the Google Pixel 2. It released in October 2017, so expect to wait another handful of months before big deals show up.. That said, here's a look at the very best values for Google's latest phone.. The Pixel comes in two variants, 32GB and 128GB, with the smaller storage option costing you a lofty $649 (£599, AU$1,079) at launch. Meanwhile the Google Pixel price for the 128GB model is a staggering $749 (£699, AU$1,229) at launch, pitching it against the likes of the iPhone 7 , Huawei P9 , HTC 10 and Samsung Galaxy S7 .. However, the price through the Google Store has now dropped to $549 and $649 for the 32GB and 128GB models respectively in the US.. Meanwhile, in the UK it's EE who's bagged the exclusive Pixel deal with £9.99 upfront and £50.99 per month giving you 10GB of data plus unlimited calls and texts.. Previous Nexus devices had a leg-up over the competition with their slightly lower price tag, which helped users overlook a couple of shortcomings; but in 2016, with the new Pixel brand and a brave new price point, there's nowhere to hide.. A sub-par camera, or patchy battery, for example won't be easy to forgive as there's no "oh, but it only costs XXX" - Google needs to ensure the Pixel sings every note.. If you've owned a Google-brand smartphone in the past you'll appreciate the no-nonsense stock Google interface – and you'll be glad to know it's business as usual on the Pixel when it comes to the Android Nougat operating system.. For those who are new to Google's handsets, things may be less clear. While HTC is the firm that has actually built the device, the search giant has made all the calls on what goes into the Pixel, and how it operates.. These handsets are aimed to showcase the best of Google and Android. They pack new features not seen before on the platform (Google Assistant and a ‘best-in-class’ camera in the Pixel's case), and you'll be first in line for an update when a new version of Android is launched – usually weeks, if not months ahead of the likes of Samsung, LG, Sony and co.. The Google Pixel sports a first for Google's smaller smartphone – a full glass and metal body – along with a 5-inch full HD display, Snapdragon 821 processor, 4GB of RAM, 12MP rear camera, fingerprint scanner and 8MP front snapper.. On paper at least, then, the Google Pixel looks to be a flagship contender – but can it live up to the hype – and that price tag – in real life?. At the beating heart of the new Pixel smartphone is Google Assistant, which the search giant claims gives you a 'personal Google', accessible whenever, wherever.. Google is driving the Assistant angle hard, and is keen for it to not only be the center of your phone, but the center of your life. It debuted on the Pixel, but we've been seeing it on other devices, including the LG G6 and Samsung Galaxy S8 .. How does Google Assistant compare to your former pocket mates?. Assistant is essentially an upgraded Google Now, with better conversational smarts – ask ‘what’s the time in LA?’ and then follow up with ‘what about San Francisco?’ and it’ll know you want the time in that location – and a fleet of new tricks including jokes, poems, facts, games and even funny videos.. As well as the fun stuff you can ask Assistant to do a host of more useful things such as make a list, send a text or check your agenda – which is helpful, but not that much quicker than jumping into the corresponding app itself.. You can use your voice to trigger Assistant at any point by saying 'OK Google' – and this works even when your phone is locked. Sometimes it can take the Pixel a few attempts to pick up your voice, and we found it struggled in noisy environments, and even at home with some music playing.. If you have to say the 'OK Google' command more than once the Assistant instantly becomes frustrating. Luckily, you're able to now type to Google Assistant as of Google IO 2017 .. Asking ‘what can you do’ is a good way to find out how else Assistant can help you, from finding out how the Packers got on last night (they lost, bad times) to diving into a Geography quiz which highlighted the gaps in our flags knowledge.. Generally, Assistant was able to comprehend our garbled commands, but there were several occasions when it got things wrong, or didn’t register our dulcet tones. It still feels a bit strange talking to your phone – and when you’re made to repeat yourself the novelty starts to wear thin pretty quickly.. There’s no doubting that Assistant has the potential to be a powerful tool; with the same smarts built into Google Home and support for the likes of Chromecast, and your smart lighting and heating systems, we're getting closer to the day when you can pretty much run your home with your voice.. Assistant also learns as you go, and the more you use it the smarter it will get – but that takes time, and patience, and you may find it’s easier to just use your fingers.. We’re still a little way off fully realizing the potential, and for now Assistant is a nice addition to the Pixel, but it’s not a feature many will be holding up as the stand-out reason to buy the phone.. What's in the box? Find out in our Google Pixel unboxing video. Next Page Design and display. You can unsubscribe at any time and we'll never share your details without your permission.. Get the best tech deals, reviews, product advice, competitions, unmissable tech news and more!. 1 Samsung Galaxy S9 release date, price, news and features. 2 Samsung Galaxy S9 launch: as it happened. 3 Samsung Galaxy S9 live stream: how to watch today's big launch event. 4 How to watch Arsenal v Man City live stream online for the Carabao Cup final NOW. 5 MWC 2018: All the latest news from the show. 2 Samsung Galaxy S9 Plus review. 3 Samsung Galaxy S9 release date, price, news and features. 4 Samsung Galaxy S9 launch: as it happened. 5 BlackBerry: 'we understand we are not for everyone' but 'we're here to stay'. TechRadar is part of Future plc, an international media group and leading digital publisher. England and Wales company registration number 2008885.. 
The best way to stay connected to the Android pulse. Our main newsletter is the Android Weekly which is sent every Sunday and contains all the top Android news, reviews and features from the past week.. The best way to stay connected to the Android pulse.. 100% Privacy, No Spam Policy: We value privacy and your email address will be 100% secure. We hate spam just like you do and will never send you too much email, nor will we ever share your information with anyone.. Google Pixel review: a technical deep dive. by Gary Sims November 28, 2016. Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus.. 2.15Ghz + 1.6Ghz, 64Bit Quad-Core Qualcomm Snapdragon 821. Cameras 12.3MP rear camera with f/2.0, 1.55Î¼m large pixels, Phase Detection Autofocus (PDAF), Laser Detection Autofocus (LDAF), 4K (30fps) video capture, HD 240fps (8x), Full HD 120fps (4x) slow motion video, broad-spectrum CRI-90 dual-LED flash. 8MP front camera with f/2.4 aperture, 1.4 Âµm pixels, Full HD video capture (30fps) 12.3MP rear camera with f/2.0, 1.55Î¼m large pixels, Phase Detection Autofocus (PDAF), Laser Detection Autofocus (LDAF), 4K (30fps) video capture, HD 240fps (8x), Full HD 120fps (4x) slow motion video, broad-spectrum CRI-90 dual-LED flash. 8MP front camera with f/2.4 aperture, 1.4 Âµm pixels, Full HD video capture (30fps). Fast charging: up to 7 hours of use from only 15 minutes of charging Non-removable 3,450mAh. Fast charging: up to 7 hours of use from only 15 minutes of charging. 3 microphones (2 front, 1 rear) with noise cancellation Single bottom-firing speaker. 3 microphones (2 front, 1 rear) with noise cancellation. Wireless and location 4G LTE with 3x Carrier aggregation. Wi-Fi 802.11 a/b/g/n/ac 2x2 MIMO, dual-band (2.4 GHz, 5.0 GHz). Digital compass 4G LTE with 3x Carrier aggregation. Wi-Fi 802.11 a/b/g/n/ac 2x2 MIMO, dual-band (2.4 GHz, 5.0 GHz). LTE 2xCA: B2+B2, B2+B4, B2+B5, B2+B12, B2+B13, B2+B17, B2+B29, B2+B30, B4+B4, B4+B5, B4+B7, B4+B12, B4+B13, B4+B17, B4+B29, B4+B30, B5+B30, B7+B7, B12+B30, B25+B25, B29+B30, B41+B41. LTE 3xCA: B2+B2+B12, B2+B2+B13, B2+B4+B4, B2+B4+B5, B2+B4+B12, B2+B4+B13, B2+B4+B29, B2+B5+B30, B2+B12+B30, B2+B29+B30, B4+B4+B12, B4+B4+B13, B4+B5+B30, B4+ B7+ B12, B4+B12+B30, B4+B29+B30, B41+B41+B41. Pixel is an unlocked phone and works on major carrier networks. LTE 2xCA: B2+B2, B2+B4, B2+B5, B2+B12, B2+B13, B2+B17, B2+B29, B2+B30, B4+B4, B4+B5, B4+B7, B4+B12, B4+B13, B4+B17, B4+B29, B4+B30, B5+B30, B7+B7, B12+B30, B25+B25, B29+B30, B41+B41. LTE 3xCA: B2+B2+B12, B2+B2+B13, B2+B4+B4, B2+B4+B5, B2+B4+B12, B2+B4+B13, B2+B4+B29, B2+B5+B30, B2+B12+B30, B2+B29+B30, B4+B4+B12, B4+B4+B13, B4+B5+B30, B4+ B7+ B12, B4+B12+B30, B4+B29+B30, B41+B41+B41. Pixel is an unlocked phone and works on major carrier networks. USB 3.0 data transfer USB Type-C. Other RGB LED notification light RGB LED notification light. Software Android 7.1 Nougat Android 7.1 Nougat. Colors Very Silver, Quite Black, Really Blue (Limited Edition) Very Silver, Quite Black, Really Blue (Limited Edition). Dimensions and weight 143.8 x 69.5 x 8.6mm. 143g 154.7 x 75.7 x 8.6mm. Sling Shot using ES 3.1 2583. App Shortcuts – These allow users to access key actions within an app directly from the launcher. You just long-press an app’s launcher icon to reveal the app’s shortcuts, then tap on a shortcut to jump to the associated action. GIF support in the Google Keyboard – Android 7.1 supports the newÂ. Commit Content API, which provides a universal way for keyboards to send images and other rich content directly to a text editor in an app. Smart Storage – If an app requires more space than is currently available, it can use the Smart Storage page to let the user delete unneeded apps and content to free up sufficient space. Improved VR thread scheduling –Â. Android 7.1 provides new features to improve VR thread scheduling.Â. Apps can now designate one thread as a VR thread. While the app is in VR mode, the system will schedule that thread more aggressively to minimize latency. I hope you have enjoyed our reviews of the Google Pixel and Google Pixel XL , however since this is the first time that a phone has had the words “Phone by Google” engraved on it, I think it is worth taking another look at the Google Pixel, not to look at the user experience (which we have already covered) but to take a look at the technology, the geeky stuff, that Google has put into these devices.. To do this I am going to delve a bit deeper into the display, the SoC, the battery, the camera and the software of the Google Pixel. I will be using the smaller Google Pixel for my tests, however a lot of what I cover will also be applicable to the larger Pixel XL.Â. Want to know more? Let’s go.. A quick look at the table below will reveal just how much tech has gone into the Pixel and Pixel XL. Hopefully we can expand on this list of specifications a bit and get to understand the significance of some of these items:. The Pixel comes with a 5 inch Full HD AMOLED display protected by Corning Gorilla Glass 4, while the XL has a 5.5 inch Quad HD AMOLED display also protected byÂ. There is no doubt that the displays on both Pixel devices are first class and are a pleasure to use. Looking at some of the tech, we noted in our full review that the display on the XL has a slightly cooler color temperature of 7859 Kelvin, which essentially means the screen has a blue tint. When the display is set to the standard mode (rather than the default adaptive mode), the colors are warmer at 7131k.. This seems also to be true for the Pixel.Â. In terms of color accuracy the display on the Pixel tends to be skewed towards blue when it is displaying green. Notice the top set of vertical points on the graph below, they are left of the pure green target line. The reds, blues and purples however are quite accurate, but not strictly uniform when it comes to the various brightness levels.. Talking of brightness levels the Pixel’s display has a maximum of 410 nits. That is what you get when the display is on auto brightness and you shine a torch into the light sensor. If you switch to manual mode and crank it up to 100% then the brightness is marginally less at 406 nits. 50% is 208 nits and as you can see from the graph below the brightness profile is quiteÂ. The System-on-a-Chip (SoC) in the Pixel and Pixel XL is the Qualcomm Snapdragon 821. The 821 is the successor to the Snapdragon 820, Qualcomm’s popular SoC which is found in lots of Android devices including some variants of the Samsung Galaxy S7, the LG V20 and the OnePlus 3. The 821 tweaks the design of the 820 to improve power efficiency while increasing performance.. At the heart of the Snapdragon 821 are the quad-core Kryo CPU and the Adreno 530 GPU. Plus there are loads of other bits and pieces including Qualcomm’s Hexagon 680 DSP and the X12 LTE Cat 12/13 modem. You can see from the specification table above that the Pixel supports and impressive number of 2G, 3G and 4G network frequencies.. The Snapdragon 820 could be clocked at a maximum of 2.2GHz, however the 821 has been designed to go as high as 2.4GHz. Qualcomm isn’t too forth coming about the architecture of the CPU, however Google has published information which says that the Snapdragon 821 in the Pixel usesÂ. 4 Kryo CPU cores, two clocked at 2.15GHz and two at 1.6GHz. The 821’s quad-core setup is what is called Heterogeneous Multi-Processing (HMP).. In general, the quad-core processors found in desktops and laptops have a set of cores which are all equal in terms of their performance and power consumption. In a HMP SoC, not all the cores are equalÂ. In the Snapdragon 821 the 2.15GHz cores are tuned for performance while the 1.6GHz are tuned for efficiency.Â. When tasks are run on the 1.6GHzÂ. cores they use less power, they drain the battery less, however they may run a little slower. When tasks are run on the 2.15GHzÂ. cores, they finish sooner but they use more power to do so. Here is where it gets complicated. A task that finishes quicker but uses more peak power to do so, may actually use less energy as it completed the task in a short amount of time. However a task which uses less peak power may use more energy as it took longer to complete.. The ideal situation is where the smaller cores run tasks which don’t use much power but need to run for a long time (like handling the CPU aspects of streaming video). As you can imagine the hardware and software combination needed to make HMP work well is complicated. ARM has done a lot of work in this area with its big.LITTLE system including contributing code to the Linux kernel. As such ARM is quite open about its HMP efforts, however Qualcomm is less so. If you want to know more about big.LITTLE then please readÂ. how the Samsung Galaxy S6 uses its octa-core processor .. When it comes to performance the Snapdragon 821 is a beast! Here is a table of some common benchmarks scores for the Pixel:. To put those numbers into some context, the Pixel scores higher on AnTuTu than the Samsung Galaxy S7 and the Huawei Mate 9. However it scores lower than the Mate 9 for both Geekbench and Basemark OS II.. I also tested the Pixel with my own set of custom benchmarks which I have used to test various SoCs in the past including the Kirin 950 .Â. The first of my custom benchmarks tests the CPU without using the GPU. It calculates 100 SHA1 hashes on 4K of data and then does some other CPU stuff, I call it “Hashes, bubble sorts, tables and primes. The Pixel gets the best score from any Android phone I have tested!. The second benchmark uses a 2D physics engine to simulate water being poured into a container. drops of water are added every frame and the app is designed to run at 60 frames per second. The benchmark measures how many droplets are actually processed and how many are missed. The Pixel scored 10178, which is a good score, but it isn’t the best. The current record holder is the Kirin 960 in the Mate 9, which scores the maximum of 10800.. My third benchmark is written in Unity3D. It is a terrain flyover that yields a frame per second score for a pre-programmed pass over the rendered world. The Pixel scored 37.3 fps, which is again the best score to date.. The Pixel comes with a 2,770 mAh battery while the Pixel XL has a 3,450 mAh unit. According to Google that means the Pixel has a 3G talk time of up to 26 hours. Josh, Lanh and Nirave found that during day to day usage you can expect around 5 hours of screen on time. According to my testing with a mixed usage of web surfing, gaming and watching video will give you 5hr 13mins of screen on time, which matches what Josh et al saw.. Google claim that you can get 13 hours of video watching out of the Pixel, but the search giant doesn’t say how bright the display is during the tests. However it does say that “uses that involve an active display will use battery more quickly.” So I guess the brightness level for those tests are low (and fixed). I tested how long the phone can play a looped video from local storage with the display at 47% (i.e. The result was an impressive 10.5 hours!. If you are wondering how much the brightness level affects battery life, well so did I! I re-run my video test, this time with the display at 100%, that’s over 400 nits. The result was an equally impressive 8.5 hours. So upping the brightness can cost you as much as two hours of screen on time for easy tasks like video.. As for charging, you can charge the Pixel from < 5% to 100% in just over 1hr 40 mins, while to get to 50% takes less than half an hour and to get to 80% takes an hour. If you are in a mad rush then you can get 25% charge in just under 15 minutes! As with all quick charge system, the initial charging is much quicker than the final phase aboveÂ. For example the Pixel uses half of the charging time to go from 70% to 100%.. The specifications of the camera on the Pixel are excellent: 12.3MP rear camera with f/2.0 and 1.55Î¼m large pixels. There is Phase Detection Autofocus (PDAF) as well as Laser Detection Autofocus (LDAF). It can record 4K @ 30fps and HD @ 240fps. 8MP sensor with f/2.4 aperture and 1.4 Âµm pixels.. So I thought it would be interesting to see how the Pixel compares to a DSLR! So I took four pictures in controlled conditions (with a lightbox) to see how each one fared. My DSLR is a Canon EOS 700D. As you can see from the pictures below the 700D makes better pictures in good light. The colors are truer, there is more color depth and nuance. However for the close up of the Tardis door I would say that the Pixel did a much better job than the Canon. The text is clearer and there is less stippling. Also in low-light I would also say that the Pixel won. The EOS picture didn’t come out quite right because it is out of focus and maybe with more work I could have made it better.. The Pixel and Pixel XL run Android 7.1 Nougat which brings with it a number of new features including Googleâs new Pixel Launcher and the Google Assistant. The former is an incremental update to the standard Google Now Launcher which does away with the app drawer by making the installed apps available by swiping up from the bottom. is Googleâs new AI-based voice assistant, the same one in Google Allo, but now available throughout the whole Android interface.. In terms of storage and RAM, fresh out of the box the Pixel uses about 6.5GB of internal storage for Android and the default apps etc., which means there is around 23GB of free space. Both the Pixel and Pixel XL come with 4GB of RAM and from a fresh boot the phones uses around 1.3GB of RAM. During my testing (which was mainly running benchmarks, taking photos, playing videos etc.) I haven’t seen the average RAM usage go over 2GB.. Besides these two big ticket items there are lots of smaller changes including launcher shortcuts,Â. a new storage manager called Smart Storage, GIF support in the Google Keyboard, and improved VR thread scheduling:. There are many non-technical factors to choosing your next Android smartphone including price, availability, branding and long term support. However if we push those to the side for the moment at just look at the tech, it is clear that the Pixel and Pixel XL are leading edge devices. Here we find AMOLED displays and not LCD, plus the XL sports QHD resolution.. The SoC is the best Qualcomm has to offer today and the benchmarks show that it is the best in its field (in the majority of cases). On top of that you have a good camera, an above average battery, an option for 128GB of internal storage and the latest version of Android.. What we don’t have is an SD card slot, wireless charging, optical image stabilization , front facing speakers or proper waterproofing (like IP67). So while everything that the Pixel does include is top of the range, it might be what it doesn’t include that could be the deciding factor for you! Let me know what you think in the comments below!. Google Google Pixel Google Pixel XL. Google , Google Pixel , Google Pixel XL. Please enter a valid email address. Android Authority APP Get it on. Your source for all things Android!. Â© 2018 Android Authority | All Rights Reserved.. 
Enter the characters you see below. Sorry, we just need to make sure you're not a robot. For best results, please make sure your browser is accepting cookies.. Type the characters you see in this image:. 
