GSM / CDMA / HSPA / EVDO / LTE. GSM 850 / 900 / 1800 / 1900. HSDPA 850 / 900 / 1700(AWS) / 1900 / 2100. LTE band 1(2100), 2(1900), 3(1800), 4(1700/2100), 5(850), 7(2600), 8(900), 12(700), 13(700), 17(700), 20(800), 25(1900), 26(850), 28(700), 29(700), 30(2300), 32(1500), 38(2600), 40(2300), 41(2500), 66(1700/2100). HSPA 42.2/5.76 Mbps, LTE-A (3CA) Cat15 800/75 Mbps. 157.9 x 76.7 x 7.9 mm (6.22 x 3.02 x 0.31 in). Front glass, aluminum body, partial glass back. - IP67 certified - dust and water resistant. - Water resistant up to 1 meter and 30 minutes. 6.0 inches, 92.6 cm 2 (~76.4% screen-to-body ratio). 1440 x 2880 pixels, 18:9 ratio (~538 ppi density). Octa-core (4x2.35 GHz Kryo & 4x1.9 GHz Kryo). 12.2 MP (f/1.8, 27mm, 1/2.6", 1.4 µm, Dual Pixel PDAF), OIS, phase detection & laser autofocus, dual-LED flash, check quality. Geo-tagging, touch focus, face detection, HDR, panorama. 2160p@30fps, 1080p@30/60/120fps, 720p@240fps, check quality. 8 MP (f/2.4, 25mm, 1/3.2", 1.4 µm), 1080p. - Active noise cancellation with dedicated mic. - Type-C to 3.5 mm headphone jack adapter. Wi-Fi 802.11 a/b/g/n/ac, dual-band, Wi-Fi Direct, DLNA, hotspot. Yes, with A-GPS, GLONASS, BDS, GALILEO. 3.1, Type-C 1.0 reversible connector (PowerDelivery 2.0). Fingerprint (rear-mounted), accelerometer, gyro, proximity, compass, barometer. SMS(threaded view), MMS, Email, Push Mail, IM. - Fast battery charging (capped at 10.5 W). Basemark OS II: 4167 / Basemark OS II 2.0: 3379 Basemark X: 39143. Voice 66dB / Noise 70dB / Ring 78dB. Noise - 93.7 / Crosstalk - 79.7. Also known as Google Pixel XL2. We can not guarantee that the information on this page is 100% correct. Google Pixel 2 XL - user opinions and reviews. Will it ever shoot 4k at 60 fps? Is there a hardware limitation or is the software not suited/allowing 60fps. If the hardware is not a prominent reason to drives a device then why we have Snapdragon 835 instead of having Snapdragon 200 for the entire life?. Samsung Apple Nokia Sony LG HTC Motorola Huawei Microsoft Lenovo Xiaomi Google Acer Asus Oppo OnePlus Meizu BlackBerry Alcatel ZTE Toshiba Vodafone Energizer XOLO Lava Micromax BLU Gionee vivo LeEco Panasonic HP YU verykool Maxwest Plum. Google Pixel 2 XL long-term review. Google Pixel 2 OnePlus 5T Samsung Galaxy Note8 Google Pixel XL Apple iPhone X Samsung Galaxy S8. Google Pixel 2 Google Pixel 2 XL Google Pixel Google Pixel XL Google Pixel C. 
How to Block a Number on Any Phone. How to Build Your Smart Home. How to Create an Anonymous Email Account. How to Save Money on Your Cell Phone Plan. How to Set Up Two-Factor Authentication. How to Set Up and Configure Your Wireless Router. Tips Every Amazon Addict Should Know. Hard Drives, Storage, Networking & Backup. Back Antivirus, Safety & Security. Back Browsers & Operating Systems. Best HR Software & Management Systems. Best Self-Service Business Intelligence (BI) Tools. Best Social Media Management & Analytics Tools. Back Cameras & Photo/Video Editing. Best Video Editing Software for Enthusiasts. Best Samsung Galaxy S8 and S8+ Cases. Best Samsung Galaxy Note 8 Cases. Best MacBook Air Cases and Sleeves. Back Smart Home & Wearables. Back Hard Drives, Storage, Networking & Backup. Back Keyboards, Mice, Monitors & Speakers. Back Shows, Events & Holiday. Back TVs & Streaming Media. Best Managed WordPress Web Hosting Services. Best Small Business Web Hosting Services. The Pixel 2 XL combines elegant Google software and a great camera for a smooth Android experience. Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. blog comments powered by Disqus. PCMag reviews products independently , but we may earn affiliate commissions from buying links on this page.. View All 5 Photos in Gallery. No headphone jack or microSD card slot. Lacks Band 71 for expanded T-Mobile coverage. The Pixel 2 XL combines elegant Google software and a great camera for a smooth Android experience.. The Pixel 2 XL (starting at $849) is a true Google phone —possibly the most Google phone ever. The company has remixed its favorite features from HTC and LG to make a supersized flagship with a unique personality. While the 6-inch Pixel 2 XL has roughly the same power and hardware capabilities as the 5-inch Pixel 2 , the XL has a better design and better performance. It also has the finest smartphone camera we've tested. But its highly divisive display, the most hotly debated smartphone screen we've seen in years, means that this phone falls just short of our Editors' Choice.. Here's a slight shocker: Although Google tries to hide it, the smaller Pixel 2 (made by HTC) and the larger Pixel 2 XL (made by LG) are different phones; they're not just big and small variants, like the iPhone 8 and 8 Plus. They have very different screen panels, a different screen-to-body ratio, different call and multimedia audio, and different VR performance.. The Pixel 2 XL has the same 6-inch Quad HD OLED panel as the LG V30 , but it's in a custom chassis that's a little taller at 6.2 inches to the V30's 6.0 inches. That's to make room for front-facing speakers. The back is a warm, cozy mix of matte metal and glass, in black and white (or all black). The phone measures 6.2 by 3.0 by 0.3 inches (HWD) and weighs 6.2 ounces — it's definitely bigger and heavier than the Galaxy S8 ( 5.9 by 2.7 by 0.3 inches, 5.5 ounces) , although it's slightly shorter than the Note 8 ( 6.4 by 3.0 by 0.3 inches, 6.9 ounces) .. View All 5 Photos in Gallery. I'm very happy to see the modern 18:9 form factor here rather than the smaller Pixel's outdated 16:9. After using a Samsung Galaxy S8 for a while, I've become a major partisan of tall, narrow phones, which give you more screen area while still remaining easy to hold. It's IP67 water resistant, like Samsung's latest phones.. Here's the statement, though: Google takes that LG body and puts...HTC's squeeze sensor on it! This shocks me a little—the squeeze sensor from the HTC U11 is one of its proudest inventions right now—but apparently the tech was part of Google's $1.1-billion HTC deal. Squeeze the phone slightly below its midriff, even if it's in a case, and it'll launch Google Assistant. You can alter the squeeze sensitivity and it'll work even if the phone is off, but as far as I can tell, you can't change it to launch a different app.. Inside, there's a Qualcomm Snapdragon 835 processor with 4GB of RAM and 64GB or 128GB of storage, just like the smaller Pixel. The 3,520mAh battery, along with Google's relatively efficient software and the not-so-bright screen, makes for excellent battery life. We got 9 hours, 25 minutes of continuous LTE video streaming at maximum brightness, which is between the Galaxy S8 (5 hours, 45 minutes) and Note 8's (10 hours) results and outpaces other leading smartphones. The phone has Qualcomm's fast charging technology, although it lacks wireless charging.. The Pixel 2 XL has a 6-inch, 2,880-by-1,440 OLED display, for 536 pixels per inch ( ppi ). It's the same resolution and pixel density as the V30, though not quite as pixel dense as the slightly smaller S8 (570ppi). According to our own tests and experts we've consulted, the screen isn't the finest on the market, but it's fine. It's not nearly as bright as the screen on the Galaxy Note 8 or Galaxy S8, and its colors tend to be a bit cool and bluish. But performance is entirely within the acceptable range.. There are many people who don't share our opinion, though, and this matter of taste has become so divisive that we really suggest looking at a Pixel 2 XL at a Verizon store before buying. Google stepped up and said it would add a more vibrant color mode , as well as additional protection against display burn-in and a two-year warranty. The burn-in protection consists of making the screen slightly dimmer, though, and it already isn't the brightest screen. This doesn't reduce our rating for the Pixel 2 XL, but we have to acknowledge the vibrancy of the debate here.. The new Pixels also have no headphone jack and instead come with USB-C dongles. You have to use this adapter to attach headphones; some third-party adapters that work with Motorola phones, for instance, don't work here.. Google clearly wants to push you toward Bluetooth, and it's pushing a new "fast pairing" technique that's supposed to make it easier to pair your Bluetooth headset. Right now, though, it only works with a handful of headsets: the Libratone QAdapt Over Ear , Google's own Pixel Buds , the Plantronics V8200, the Bose QuietComfort 35 II , and some headphones made by a company named AiAiAi. That said, I didn't have any trouble pairing the phone to my Plantronics Voyager UC headset.. The Pixel 2 XL's front-facing speakers give the phone a relatively rich, full sound that's better than the Galaxy S8, Note 8, V30, or Pixel 2. Compared with phones with single speakers, you hear more of a distinct separation between instruments in a track. Compared with the smaller Pixel, which has front-facing speakers, the XL sounds fuller and is about 2dB louder at maximum volume.. The Pixel 2 XL and Pixel 2 have distinct differences in voice quality. Voices sound more rounded and less harsh on this model than on the smaller Pixel, though the smaller model is louder. Transmissions through the mic have very good, but not quite perfect, noise cancellation on both. The front-facing speakers help in speakerphone mode. Both phones have louder earpieces and more consistent voice tone than the latest iPhones.. Both Pixel 2s sport category 15, or 800Mbps, LTE, and are compatible with all the major US networks. They lack Band 71, T-Mobile's new 600MHz network specifically for rural coverage. If you're in one of T-Mobile's Band 71 areas , you'll need to get an LG V30, it's currently the only Band 71 phone.. The Pixels will get their best speeds on networks other than Sprint, though, because their 4x4 MIMO antennas are tuned for non-Sprint bands. (They'll work on Sprint, just in a 600Mbps mode.) According to modem experts, the Pixel has the hardware for gigabit LTE, but Google chose not to support the full spec. That's a little perplexing, but more than speed, we're glad to see 4x4 MIMO here for the coverage and signal strength improvements it brings.. Dual-band Wi-Fi support is excellent, on par with the Samsung Galaxy phones. The Pixel 2 XL also has Bluetooth 5.0 and NFC.. When you get a Pixel, you get the latest Google software, currently Android 8.0 Oreo. You also get OS and security updates before anyone else does. And you get Google's applications, like its calendar and messaging apps, without redundant manufacturer apps. If you're into hacking, models bought directly from Google (not through Verizon, more on this in a bit) are easy to modify.. Google has added some minor tweaks with varying levels of success. I like the idea of Now Playing, a feature that automatically listens to ambient music and tells you what's playing on the lock screen. But when I tried it with ten songs, it only worked on four of them. Google says it's primed with the most popular tracks, and it'll be updated as time goes on.. Google Lens has some promise; it's a feature that automatically recognizes text in photos, or lets you look up books, albums, artwork, and locations in Google Photos. It worked easily on books I tried, but it's not a huge differentiator, and I kept forgetting it was there.. I surprised myself at how much I used the new squeeze-to-Google-Assistant feature, though. You can set Google Assistant to activate by voice even when the phone is locked. After a bunch of false-start activations in conversations where I was saying "Google" a lot, I turned to the squeeze sensor. By squeezing the phone about two-thirds of the way down, the Assistant pops up (it never launched accidentally). On a Pixel, the Assistant can manipulate on-device settings (like turning off Wi-Fi) as well as answer internet-based questions.. You can't shake the fact that Google's apps are better than OEM apps, and it's nice to see them on a phone where they aren't redundant. Google Assistant is far better than Samsung's Bixby, because it integrates on-device and internet queries seamlessly, and the squeeze sensor is much better than Samsung's Bixby button, which is way too easy to press accidentally.. The Pixel 2 XL gets its camera right. The main sensor's specs are pretty much the same as our previous Editors' Choice, the Samsung Galaxy S8, but Google's software is a touch better than Samsung's in low light, making this the best phone camera we've seen so far.. The Pixel 2 and Pixel 2 XL share a 12.2MP, f/1.8 main camera setup. That looks to be the sweet spot for phone sensors; go any higher in terms of megapixels, and you lose low-light capabilities.. Google's camera app has relatively few modes and options. By default, there's no manual mode or RAW support, but you can get both through third-party apps (and the vast majority of people shoot in auto anyway). The phone does have Motion Photos, which, like, Apple's Live Photos, add a short video to your still photos.. Google also manages to do bokeh Portrait mode with the single camera sensor through software. We took a photo of a heavily bearded GSMArena editor, and it worked pretty well, but stray hairs behind other hairs tended to be blurred out as part of the background. It's not perfect, but it's also not worse than on dual-camera phones. Bokeh works with the 8-megapixel front camera, too.. In auto mode, the Pixel 2 XL takes the best photos of any camera we've tested this year. While the results are on par with the Galaxy S8 and Note 8 in good light, the Pixel 2 XL really shines in low light. It's able to gather a little more light, allowing it to raise shutter speeds and reduce blur, and its color balance is a bit truer than the S8/Note 8. While the Note 8 would judge some skin tones to be too bluish under streetlights, the Pixel made our test model look more human.. The 8-megapixel front-facing camera has, in theory, a tighter aperture than the Galaxy phones do — f/2.4 to f/1.7 — which results in grainier, noisier low-light photos than you get from the Samsungs. Samsung's image quality is compromised by an intense smoothing algorithm that's part of the default settings, and isn't to everyone's tastes. In good light, the Pixel's front-facing images are fantastic.. The Pixel 2 XL lacks a second main camera, which competitors like the LG V30, Samsung Galaxy Note 8, and iPhone Plus models all have. I recently got into a debate about whether wide angle or 2x zoom is a better approach there, but we agreed that the second cameras have benefits. That said, the advantage of a second camera doesn't outweigh having the best possible main camera, and the Pixel 2 XL has that best possible camera.. The camera may also get better with time. Google says it has a Pixel Visual Core processor in the phone that is not yet active, but will improve HDR photography in mixed lighting conditions. The chip will become active with Android Oreo 8.1 "in the coming weeks." The Pixel's HDR performance is already excellent, so this is just going to be icing on the cake.. If you want to live in VR , the Pixel 2 XL is the best phone to choose.. I'm skeptical about the attraction of VR; I think it's about to be outpaced by augmented reality, which nobody currently does well, but which we'll be hearing a lot more about in 2018. But the Pixel 2 XL's Daydream system, along with the new $99 Daydream View headset, is a bit more comfortable to wear and less expensive than Samsung's Gear VR. Neither system will bowl you over with a massive selection of VR content, which is VR's fatal flaw.. This is one area where the bigger Pixel leaps ahead of the smaller one, though. It's hard to tell the difference between a 440ppi screen and a 536ppi panel with the naked eye, but it gets much easier when you're wearing a VR headset: Daydream on the smaller Pixel looks genuinely pixelated, to a distracting extent, while it's acceptably fine-grained on the Pixel 2 XL. You see the biggest difference in text. Words appear to shift and pulse distractingly on the smaller Pixel, making it a slightly unpleasant phone to use for VR.. Buying a Pixel 2 XL may be a little out of your comfort zone, because it isn't sold directly by most carriers. Verizon sells the 64GB Pixel 2 XL directly for $849.99 or $35.41 per month. But that model has bloatware and a locked bootloader. Just go instead to the Google Store online, where it's $849 or $35.38 per month.. Balancing the Pixel 2 XL against the Galaxy S8, the Galaxy has a brighter screen, standard headphone jack, wireless charging, and a microSD card slot. It's also a little easier to hold, because it's narrower. The Pixel 2 XL brings cleaner and more updated software, longer battery life, better low-light camera performance, and none of that Bixby nonsense.. If only it wasn't for that divisive screen. As it stands, if you don't want to bother having to check out a phone in the store yourself, the Galaxy S8 and Galaxy Note 8 are no-brainers. But we really suggest taking a look in person, seeing what the Pixel 2 XL has to offer, and whether you can see yourself using one.. Bottom Line: The Pixel 2 XL combines elegant Google software and a great camera for a smooth Android experience.. PCMag.com's lead mobile analyst, Sascha Segan, has reviewed hundreds of smartphones, tablets and other gadgets in more than 13 years with PCMag. He's the head of our Fastest Mobile Networks project, hosts our One Cool Thing daily Web show, and writes opinions on tech and society.. Segan is also a multiple award-winning travel writer. Hands On With Lenovo's Flex 14 and Yoga 730. Hands On With Lenovo's New Chromebooks. Carriers Tout Galaxy S9 Prices, Speeds. Hands On With the LG V30S+ ThinQ. PCMag reviews products independently , but we may earn affiliate commissions from buying links on this page.. Get Our Best Stories! Email Sign Up. Subscribe to What's New Now. This newsletter may contain advertising, deals, or affiliate links. Subscribing to a newsletter indicates your consent to our Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. You may unsubscribe from the newsletters at any time.. Tech on a Budget: 35 Gift Ideas Under $20. 28 Hidden iOS 11 Tips You Need to Know. 13 Must-Have Tech Gifts Under $50. 10 Games Every Nintendo Switch Player Needs. TV Shows to Watch if You Love 'Stranger Things'. How to Master iOS 11's New Control Center. How to Play DVDs in Windows 10. How to Stop Blue Light From Disturbing Your Sleep. PC, PC Magazine and PC PCMag.com are among the federally registered trademarks of Ziff Davis, LLC and may not be used by third parties without explicit permission.. We have updated our PRIVACY POLICY and encourage you to read it by clicking here .. 
Home Shop MWC News Reviews Features Opinions Videos The Gadgets 360 Show Cell Guru Prime Tech Smartphone Reviews Tech and Gadget Reviews How-To Videos Video Game Reviews and Features Top Lists by Gadgets 360 Unboxing and Hands-On Videos Podcasts Compare Mobiles Phone Finder DEALS. Mobiles Tablets Apps Gaming Cameras PC/Laptops AUDIO/VIDEO How To Telecom Science INDIA INTERNET SOCIAL MEDIA WEARABLES हिंदी. Acer Adcom Alcatel Apple Archos Asus BlackBerry Blu Celkon Coolpad Datawind Fly Gionee HTC Huawei iBall iBerry Idea InFocus Intex iVoomi Jivi Karbonn Lava LeEco Lenovo LG Lyf Maxx Mobile Meizu Micromax Microsoft Motorola MTS Nokia Obi Oppo Panasonic Philips Ringing Bells Samsung Sony Spice Swipe Videocon Vivo Wickedleak Xiaomi Xolo Yu Zen Ziox Zopo ZTE. Home Mobiles Phone Finder Google Pixel 2 XL. SPECIFICATIONS USER REVIEWS NEWS. Share on Facebook Tweet Share Share Email Reddit. Google Pixel 2 XL smartphone was launched in November 2017. The phone comes with a 6.00-inch touchscreen display with a resolution of 1440 pixels by 2880 pixels at a PPI of 538 pixels per inch. Google Pixel 2 XL price in India starts from Rs. The Google Pixel 2 XL is powered by 1.9GHz octa-core Qualcomm Snapdragon 835 processor and it comes with 4GB of RAM. The phone packs 64GB of internal storage that cannot be expanded. As far as the cameras are concerned, the Google Pixel 2 XL packs a 12.2-megapixel primary camera on the rear and a 8-megapixel front shooter for selfies. The Google Pixel 2 XL runs Android 8.0.0 and is powered by a 3520mAh non removable battery. It measures 157.90 x 76.70 x 7.90 (height x width x thickness) and weigh 175.00 grams. The Google Pixel 2 XL is a single SIM (GSM) smartphone that accepts a Nano-SIM. Connectivity options include Wi-Fi, GPS, Bluetooth, NFC, USB OTG, 3G and 4G (with support for Band 40 used by some LTE networks in India). Sensors on the phone include Compass Magnetometer, Proximity sensor, Accelerometer, Ambient light sensor, Gyroscope and Barometer.. REVIEW KEY SPECS NEWS Price in india. Design Display Software Performance Battery Life Camera Value for Money. Good Ergonomic design Great cameras Intelligent software features Good battery life Excellent performance Bad Annoying blue tint on display Too expensive. Read detailed Google Pixel 2 XL review. Google Pixel 2, Pixel 2 XL Hit by Heating and Battery Issues After February Update, Some Users Report. Google Pixel 2, Pixel 2 XL Available With Up to Rs. Google Pixel 2 Available Offline for as Low as Rs. Pixel 2 XL Users Report Voice Messaging Issue, Google Promises Fix. More Google mobiles Google mobiles price in India. Google Pixel 2 XL Price in India Pixel 2 XL (Just Black, 64GB, 4GB RAM) Rs. 57,991 Pixel 2 XL (Black & White, 64GB, 4GB RAM) Rs. 58,999 Pixel 2 XL (Just Black, 128GB, 4GB RAM) Rs. 66,500 Pixel 2 XL (Black & White, 128GB, 4GB RAM) Rs. Google Pixel 2 XL detailed specifications. Release date November 2017 Form factor Touchscreen Dimensions (mm) 157.90 x 76.70 x 7.90 Weight (g) 175.00 Battery capacity (mAh) 3520 Removable battery No Colours Just Black, Black and White SAR value 0.98. Screen size (inches) 6.00 Touchscreen Yes Resolution 1440x2880 pixels Pixels per inch (PPI) 538. Processor 1.9GHz octa-core Processor make Qualcomm Snapdragon 835 RAM 4GB Internal storage 64GB Expandable storage No. Rear camera 12.2-megapixel Rear Flash Dual LED Front camera 8-megapixel Front Flash No. Wi-Fi Yes Wi-Fi standards supported 802.11 a/b/g/n/ac GPS Yes Bluetooth Yes, v 5.00 NFC Yes Infrared No USB OTG Yes Headphones No FM No Number of SIMs 1 SIM 1 SIM Type Nano-SIM GSM/CDMA GSM 3G Yes 4G/ LTE Yes Supports 4G in India (Band 40) Yes. Compass/ Magnetometer Yes Proximity sensor Yes Accelerometer Yes Ambient light sensor Yes Gyroscope Yes Barometer Yes Temperature sensor No. Error or missing information? Please let us know. User ratings and reviews for Google Pixel 2 XL. 4 Out of 5. 5 Star 2 4 Star 1 3 Star 2 Star 1 1 Star. Displaying review(s) 1- 2 of 2 Sort by: Most Helpful Most Recent. By Anab Bhattacharya | 6 Feb 2018. Was this review helpful? Yes No. By FastMike Free | 19 Oct 2017. -impressive battery life and fast charge! (despite no induction feature...). -object recognition but just software so can probably be implemented on other phones. -NO SD card port!!! Are you serious???. -no headset jack (but adapter provided to USB port). -screen looks like from another age!. -Camera in low light is not as good as S7 / S8 / Note8. -Design looks not as good as competition. Was this review helpful? Yes No. Google Pixel 2, Pixel 2 XL Hit by Heating and Battery Issues After February Update, Some Users Report. Google Pixel 2, Pixel 2 XL Available With Up to Rs. Google Pixel 2 Available Offline for as Low as Rs. Pixel 2 XL Users Report Voice Messaging Issue, Google Promises Fix. Pixel 2's Now Playing Feature Becomes Unresponsive With Words With Friends 2 App, Users Report. Pixel 2, Pixel 2 XL Price in India Slashed With Limited Period Cashbacks, Discounts. Google Pixel 2 XL Speaker Distortion Issues Reported by Some Users. Google Pixel 2, Pixel 2 XL Facing Issues With Bundled Headphone Adapters, Some Users Claim. Pixel 2 XL Affected by Slow Fingerprint Unlocking After Android 8.1 Oreo Update, Some Users Complain. Google Pixel 2 XL Available at Rs. 64,999 as Part of New 'Best Buy' Offer. More Google Pixel 2 XL news. Google Pixel 2 Google Pixel XL Google Pixel. Google Pixel 2 Xl vs. Google Pixel Google Pixel 2 Xl vs. Motorola Moto X4 Google Pixel 2 Xl vs. Oneplus 5 Google Pixel 2 Xl vs. Apple iPhone 8 Plus Google Pixel 2 Xl vs. Apple iPhone 7 Google Pixel 2 Xl vs. Motorola Moto Z2 Force vs. Motorola Moto Z2 Play vs. Motorola Google Nexus 6 Google Pixel 2 Xl vs. Samsung Galaxy Note 8 vs. Nokia 8 Google Pixel 2 Xl vs. Huawei Honor 8 Pro vs. Huawei Honor 8 Google Pixel 2 Xl vs. Apple iPhone 8 Plus vs. Apple iPhone X Google Pixel 2 Xl vs. Samsung Galaxy Note 8 vs. Nokia 7 Plus Is an Android One Phone With Dual Rear Cameras, Zeiss Optics Samsung Galaxy S9, Galaxy S9+ With Improved Cameras, AR Emoji Launched Samsung Galaxy S9, Galaxy S9+ Pre-Orders Now Open in India Nokia 7 Plus vs Nokia 7 Nokia 8110 4G Is a 'Slider' Feature Phone With Google, Facebook Apps OnePlus 5, OnePlus 5T HD Content Streaming Issue Fixed, With a Catch Sony Unveils Xperia Ear Duo to Answer Apple AirPods, Samsung Gear IconX Vodafone to Offer 4.5GB Data Per Day for 28 Days at Rs. 799: Report Sony Xperia XZ2, Xperia XZ2 Compact With 18:9 Displays Launched at MWC Nokia 8 Sirocco With Dual Cameras, Stainless Steel Frame Launched at MWC. Samsung phones price list Lyf phones price list Micromax phones price list Sony phones price list Htc phones price list Lenovo phones price list Intex phones price list Lava phones price list Apple phones price list Nokia phones price list Xolo phones price list Lg phones price list Vivo phones price list Oppo phones price list Gionee phones price list Motorola phones price list Blackberry phones price list Xiaomi phones price list. Sitemaps Archives Advertise About Us Feedback Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions Complaint Redressal Careers Contact Us RSS Ethics Google Pixel 2 XL in Hindi. © Copyright Red Pixels Ventures Limited 2018. Subject Comments. 
The source for Tech Buying Advice. More Car Tech. Tech deals, prizes and latest news. A really impressive smartphone with an absolutely killer camera. Despite losing the cherished 3.5mm headphone jack, the Pixel 2 XL makes up for it in spades with a mix of unique and sought-after features like a stellar design, waterproofing, Active Edge and a truly impressive camera.. Smart software that will only get better. Poor viewing angles for an OLED. Google Pixel 2 XL price and release date $120 more than last year’s Pixel XL, further widening the gap between Pixel 2 options. At this point, most who pre-order will have device in-hand by end of November. eSIM technology is great, but works only with Project Fi in the US. Design and Active Edge A refined mix of metal and glass IP67 water resistance Squeezable sides for launching Google Assistant Display A slimmer, yet taller display than last year’s Pixel XL. Slim bezels make this phone fall in line with 2017’s hottest trend. Razor-sharp pixel density is perfect for VR, but seemingly not as vibrant as last year’s model. The Google Pixel 2 XL is a stunning fruit to bear from the company’s still-young focus on melding its software and hardware efforts. It’s refined, confidently serving as a showcase of how far Google’s design (and the stock Android experience powering it) have come in the past few years.. Plus, it’s a launching point for a few interesting debuts, like the intelligent Google Lens feature and the slick, new Pixel Launcher.. In many ways, this is Google’s best phone yet. Its impressive look and stellar, plus-sized screen go toe-to-toe with the fierce competition.The real kicker here are its cameras, which manage to outperform most, if not all, phones that have come before it.. However, this is also the company’s most expensive phone yet. And for that stack of cash, you can easily find a competent option that trumps the Google Pixel 2 XL in terms of hardware features (like expandable storage and wireless charging).. There are also reports of a screen burn-in problems Google Pixel XL when a static image remains on the OLED display for too long. So far, the issues are faint and shouldn't dissuade you just yet. We'll keep this review updated as we hear more and if you want to keep up with the problems impacting some models, head over to our guide that can teach you how to fix some of them.. Watch our design and screen review of the Google Pixel 2 series below.. Interestingly, perhaps the biggest competitor working against the Pixel 2 XL is the smaller Google Pixel 2 , which retails for $200 (£170, AU$329) less.. The two are very different in some ways that may matter to you (with the XL offering a larger battery, slim bezels and a bigger, better screen), but the cheaper option provides largely the same experience.. Google touted the lack of differences between the two models as a perk, not-so-subtly digging at Apple’s decision to include the dual rear lens camera only in the iPhone 7 Plus and iPhone 8 Plus .. And it’s true: fewer differences makes for an easier buying decision, effectively reducing it down to size and screen quality preference.. Are you an entertainment junkie who demands stock Android, a large, pixel-dense display, and a forward-thinking design? If so, you’ll be hard-pressed to find a phablet that can take better pictures and is guaranteed to be updated well into the future with Android P and Android Q.. ( Update: Google Pixel 2 XL continues to be a smart option in 2018 thanks to Google's prompt updates, including the latest that awakens the Pixel Visual Core, this phone's co-processor dedicated to making images look even better.. You'll find the Pixel 2 XL on our list of the best phones ( US ) ( UK ), where it ranks admirably against the toughest batch of flagship phones we've seen in years.). The Google Pixel 2 XL release date was October 19 in the US, UK, Canada, Australia, Germany and India.. While the phone is currently available to order, it may not ship to you right away. We’ve noticed that the Google Store for the UK, for example, lists a wait time of five to six weeks for delivery.. As mentioned earlier, the Pixel 2 XL starts at US$849 (£799, AU$1,399) for the base 64GB model, while the 128GB version is priced at US$949 (£899, AU$1,549).. This is more expensive than last year’s pricing scheme, which saw the original Pixel XL sitting at $120 above the smaller option. The result? It now costs $200 (£170, AU$329) more to make the jump between the Google Pixel 2 and the larger version.. In each region where the Pixel 2 XL is available, you can snag it unlocked for the prices listed above, though local carriers, like Verizon in the US, EE in the UK and Telstra in Australia will offer the phone for a monthly rate.. Best of all, many retailers are offering a free Google Home Mini with initial orders.. The Google Pixel 2 XL is the first smartphone to have built-in eSIM technology, meaning no SIM card is required. You just download the necessary credentials to the phone and you’re all set.. Unfortunate for most, this feature only currently works with Project Fi, Google’s own wireless carrier that operates in the US. We're Fi subscribers and were eager to give this a try and it was as simple as we had hoped.. Depending on who you ask, last year’s Google Pixel phones either looked like a good start for the line, a little too iPhone-esque or just a peculiar shade of futurism that didn’t sit quite right.. And while the Google Pixel 2 and the Pixel 2 XL have mostly held onto the divisive two-toned pairing of glass and aluminum, the company has worked to better meet expectations in the middle with a bevy of improvements, including IP67 waterproofing.. Aluminum now makes up a larger majority of the back, and the grippy texture Google has worked into the material makes carrying the Pixel 2 XL sans case feels less like an accident waiting to happen.. The top glass section looks and feels like an accent rather than a functional part of the design, with only the large rear-facing camera, flash and accompanying sensors sitting within it.. Pats on the back for whoever at Google had the good idea to put a metal ring around the rear camera, as it will go a really long way in preventing a repeat of the profound horror endured when the original Pixel’s rear glass cracked.. Speaking of a few other improvements, Google’s new phone employs Gorilla Glass 5 and with that, a three-dimensional curve around its edges that makes it easier to hold and of course, gives it a stunning look.. If you’re trying to figure out the differences between the Pixel 2 XL and its predecessor, setting them side by side helps to clear things up. The new device is 3mm taller at 157.9mm, about 1mm wider at 76.7mm, and all-around a thinner device at a consistent 7.9mm, while the original fluctuated between 7.3 and 8.5mm.. The changes seem negligible on paper, but they effectively impart a shift in design that’s made even more apparent by this 2017 smartphone’s trimmed bezels and taller 18:9 display aspect ratio on the front.. And while this is where the phone falls in line with other popular flagships from the year, there are a few unique traits tossed into the mix.. Within the bezels are dual front-facing speakers, which alone justify them being a bit thicker than we’ve seen on the Samsung Galaxy S8 and Essential Phone .. It’s a small, but welcome, quality-of-life feature to not have to cup the bottom of the phone while watching a YouTube video to funnel the sound toward our ears. Google has also tossed in an excellent front-facing camera and a subtle notification LED into the top bezel.. Neither the Pixel 2 or the Pixel 2 XL feature a 3.5mm headphone jack. These aren’t the first Android phones to omit the legacy port, but given that it made a pointed jab at Apple for doing so last year, there’s a bit of egg on Google’s face right about now.. However, it’s less than you might think given that Android Oreo supports plenty of high-quality wireless audio codecs. We’ll touch more on this further into the review.. A close-up of the grippy texture on the phone's back. Moving right along, the sides along the Pixel 2 XL are smoothed over, offering a single texture in place of the multi-layered mix of chamfered edges and glossy metal used together in 2016’s model.. As usual, the right side of the smartphone plays host to the volume rocker and power button (no longer textured), with each delivering an optimal amount of tactility when pressed.. But it also features an unusual hardware button that can’t be seen, Active Edge, which lets you squeeze the phone’s lower half to call up Google Assistant.. You might remember that this feature first popped up as Edge Sense in the HTC U11 , but it’s still cool to see it show up in the Pixel 2 XL. If you’re someone who utilizes the Google Assistant frequently, you’ll probably enjoy this. But given that Google currently doesn’t offer any customization for the feature, your mileage may vary.. It’d be great to see the squeeze function extend to booting the camera, an app or really, executing any command the user wants.. Then again, we quickly began to use the feature for Google Assistant regularly, and the deftness of squeeze actually feels better here than it did on the original HTC U11.. Snug between the curved, slim bezels is an LG-made pOLED display that pushes a QHD+ 2,880 x 1,440 resolution with the aforementioned 18:9 display.. On first glance, we noticed that its color profile isn’t as strikingly vibrant as we found on the original Google Pixel XL, but it seems to strive for better contrast and color accuracy, deeper blacks, and as a result might be a smidge more efficient.. One of the big problems is the viewing angles though - turn the phone even slightly side to side and you'll see things get really dull in both brightness and color... it's a definite downside compared to last year's Samsung-made displays in the original Pixel handsets.. Whether there's a polarizer, glass treatment or just less impressive production, the screen has taken a backwards step over last year's Pixel XL.. Android Oreo on the Pixel 2 XL hides a display setting to activate “vivid colors” which actually does amp up the saturation just a bit on colorful graphics in photos, games and videos, but you’re not likely to notice a huge difference.. If you’re stuck deciding between the 5-inch Google Pixel 2 and the 6-inch Pixel 2 XL, screen size obviously comes into play, but so does screen quality. While both are plenty crisp at 441ppi (pixels per inch) and 538ppi for the Pixel 2 and 2 XL respectively, the resolution differs quite a bit.. Compared to 1080p on the smaller option, this year’s XL provides QHD+, which makes this the ideal option if you find yourself watching lots of movies and hopping into the Google Daydream View (2017) for some virtual reality enjoyment.. That said, both phones boast a new feature for a Google-made device: always-on display. Samsung, LG, Moto and others aren’t strangers to this feature, but it’s now available on stock Android, complete with a few new additions.. Activated by default, each phone will show you the time, date and app icons that you have pending notifications to check out.. If you’d like, you can and should switch on the “Now Playing” feature that listens in on music playing out and about and shows the song title on the bottom of the display.. Google says it does this locally without sending your data to its servers, and in our experience, it works like a charm. It’s one of those special touches that makes stock Android feel fresher than ever.. Next Page What's it like to use?. You can unsubscribe at any time and we'll never share your details without your permission.. Get the best tech deals, reviews, product advice, competitions, unmissable tech news and more!. 1 Samsung Galaxy S9 release date, price, news and features. 2 Samsung Galaxy S9 launch: as it happened. 3 Samsung Galaxy S9 live stream: how to watch today's big launch event. 4 How to watch Arsenal v Man City live stream online for the Carabao Cup final NOW. 5 MWC 2018: All the latest news from the show. 2 Samsung Galaxy S9 Plus review. 3 Samsung Galaxy S9 release date, price, news and features. 4 Samsung Galaxy S9 launch: as it happened. 5 BlackBerry: 'we understand we are not for everyone' but 'we're here to stay'. TechRadar is part of Future plc, an international media group and leading digital publisher. England and Wales company registration number 2008885.. 
Looks like your cart is empty. Get quick access to guides, parts, and answers for your devices. Back Google Pixel 2 XL Repair. Comments: 34. Views: 103.3k. Back Google Pixel 2 XL Repair. iFixit Opening Picks set of 6. Learn how to repair your Google Pixel 2 XL with this video overview.. Google revolutionizes the smartphone market with the Pixel 2 XL, offering new squeezability. We're hoping a teardown will reveal just how huggable this phone is. Follow along as we plumb the depths of Google's latest, greatest (and biggest) handset!. Want to squeeze every drop of teardown knowledge out of us? Follow us on Facebook , Instagram , or Twitter .. This teardown is not a repair guide. To repair your Google Pixel 2 XL, use our service manual .. A quick overview of the high-end tech Google's hardware team squeezed into this phone:. 6" Plastic OLED ( POLED ) display with QHD+ 1440 x 2880 resolution (538 ppi) and 3D Gorilla Glass 5. Octa-core, 64-bit Qualcomm Snapdragon 835 processor (2.35 GHz + 1.9 GHz) with 4 GB LPDDR4x RAM. 12.2 MP, f/1.8 main camera with dual pixel phase detection autofocus and laser detection autofocus; 8 MP selfie camera. 64 GB or 128 GB built-in storage. Our friends from Creative Electron drove all the way up from San Marcos, CA to provide us with some X-ray intelligence.. These two rows of super-dense rectangles look like they're in the right spot to be the squeeze sensors. Our magnet is attracted to them through the case, but they are not magnets. We'll have to peel them out to learn their secrets.. Looks like the vibration motor is ( again ) a linear oscillator.. Despite being completely invisible to the naked eye, the Pixel 2 XL does sport antenna bands—those light spots around the perimeter of the rear case.. Even with our X-ray vision, we are not seeing a headphone jack .... Google urges the world to “ ask more of your phone ," although it's hard to ask for a whole lot more than the styling from an iPhone 7 Plus.. However, we can ask for a bit more from the Pixel 2 XL than the standard Pixel 2. The XL gets less bezel and more screen for a sleeker overall design.. Compared to the standard 2D screen on the standard Pixel 2, the XL screen gives users a whole ‘nother half dimension !. “styling from an iPhone 7 Plus” Really? I don’t see anything similar, other than the size and color.. That was certainly a dumb remark. I'm sure they'd have the same silhouette, but the back design is different, fingerprint location is different, an entirely different camera setup, the volume rockers are on opposite sides, and let's not forget the glass panel. They feel entirely different in the hand too. Now if they turned them around, the front firing speakers and small bezels would be even more of a tremendous difference.. Sean Van de Riet -. Could you comment on the 2.5 D aspect a bit more than just linking to Wikipedia? I am confused.. Waterproofing a smartphone means sealing up all of the ingress points. We find our first evidence of Google's efforts in a gasket on the SIM tray.. Not that this phone needs a physical SIM card .. In a departure from standard smartphone opening procedure, we leave the iOpener behind today. The Pixel 2 employs a foam tape that can be separated without applying heat.. Inside we find long cables—a welcome respite from some treacherous openings with past smartphones .. We'll have to untether the display before going any further. Its two cables are secured by plastic plugs in the midframe, and they only come out with some encouragement from a hefty pry tool .. Just like in the original Pixel XL, a magnesium midframe separates the display from the innards, and provides a solid backing behind the display for when you're candy crushing it.. Piggybacking onto that midframe, we find a brand new heat pipe! Looks like this phone might just run a bit hotter than its previous incarnation.. Heat pipe touches with heat-sink through black plastic tape, that’s probably quite a bit of thermal insulation…. Last year, the HTC-built Pixel XL showed us a novel way to remove an adhered battery—a perforated outer label let you pull the battery out of its shell, then easily peel off the rest of the label.. This year, it seems LG's industrial design doesn't include any provisions for easily removing the battery. ( RIP , ye olde LG.). This battery holds 13.6 Wh (3520 mAh at 3.85 V), slightly more than last year's 13.28 Wh.. That's roughly on-par with the 13.48 Wh power pack in Samsung's Galaxy S8+ , and considerably more than the 10.28 Wh the iPhone 8 Plus manages to get away with.. Fix Kits starting at $16.99. We peel back some copper tape to unleash the XL's beast of a main camera.. Although the megapixel count on this camera is close to last year's , the similarities between the sensors end there.. This year Google switched to a dual-pixel sensor, added optical image stabilization, and opened the aperture up to f/1.8 from last year's f/2.0.. Also there's a new Google Lens ? Oh, oh it's not—okay, not a physical lens, gotcha.. What`s the exact model of rear CMOS?. What`s the exact model of sensor in rear-facing camera? Still from Sony?. The front sensor array gets unplugged, but stays in the phone for now—we have bigger fish to fry.. Along with a few other connectors, that's all that's holding this motherboard in— seems like those midframe screws were the only fasteners!. The motherboard is out! But we have one minor barnacle to remove.. The 8 MP front-facing camera pops free readily, and can rest easy, knowing it's a full megapixel better than the latest iPhone offerings.. From sand to silicon—with all the chips on this board, it's a mini Sahara. Let's name a few of them!. Samsung K3UH5H5 4 GB LPDDR4 mobile DRAM, layered over a Qualcomm Snapdragon 835. Samsung KLUCG4J1ED 64 GB Universal Flash Storage. Avago AFEM-9046 KA1717 LB003 172604S6 00105. Qorvo QM78035 (possibly RF Fusion module?). NXP 81A04 39 04 sSD730 (likely NFC controller) and Murata SS7715005 (Wifi/Bluetooth module?). Last but certainly not least , we have Google's very first in-house, custom-designed SoC, the Pixel Visual Core , labeled SR3HX X726C502. Currently lying dormant, the Pixel Visual Core will be enabled with Android 8.1.. Elsewhere beneath the crust, we dig up:. ST Microelectronics ST33G1M2 32 bit MCU with ARM SecurCore SC300. This is the same embedded SIM (eSIM) that we found in the Apple Watch Series 3 .. Qualcomm WTR5975 Gigabit LTE RF transceiver. (Qualcomm??) PMI8998 003 7R71286 HE720 13. Qualcomm SMB1381 Quick Charge 4 IC. Will it be possible to enable Quickcharge 4 on the Pixel 2?. With the meat of the Pixel pulled out, we just have a few case peripherals to attend to.. The volume/power button switches live on a single cable backed by a plastic frame.. The speaker assembly comes out next, giving us our first good look at the... Based on the way the technology is implemented, we're expecting something similar to Apple's Force Touch trackpad. Let's get this sensor out of the case and see if we can make any sense out of it.. Here it is, the secret to the squeeze—half of the pair of sensors responsible for detecting when you squeeze the edge of your Pixel 2 XL.. The sensor consists of a flexible printed circuit board wrapped around both sides of a line of steel chunks, with strain gauges bridging the gaps between the metal bits.. Strain gauges are deformation-sensitive resistors, that slightly change their resistance when stretched or squished.. Having two rows of strain gauges separated by spacers should give this sensor higher resolution than a single strip of gauges would, allowing it to detect even the slightest of deflections.. As you squeeze, the outer row of gauges should be shortened, while the inner row is lengthened. This gives the Pixel software a larger absolute deflection to detect and measure to trigger the feature.. kann der active squeeze Funktion durch das Austauschen des Backcovers verloren gehen? Und wo kann ich diesen Flexband kaufen?. Some dainty halberd-spudgering grants us a look at the USB-C port assembly.. Points to Google for putting the USB-C port on its own board. This is a high-wear item, and soldering it directly to the motherboard would make for difficult (and costly) repairs.. Plus, in the absence of a headphone jack, we can expect double the stress on this port, as you'll be using it for media and charging.. This year's fingerprint sensor brings a much cleaner cable job , making this sensor removal a snap. While the display glass was held down with some easy-to-slice foam adhesive, the rear glass is a different story.. We're happy to see that Google still hasn't given in to the full glass back trend. This little bit of glass seems to bridge the gap between durability and antenna transmissivity.. We suspect this thick pad of sticky adhesive is here as a shock absorber to protect the glass from falls. Whatever the reason, we had to bring plenty of heat to extract it.. This little antenna-laced cover pops off to reveal the front sensor cable, accessible only from the back after removing the glass.. Anyone know where to get this part? The back glass is turning out to be quite difficult to locate. So far the closest thing I can find is the entire back cover of the phone.. Lastly, we free two more components that live trapped beneath the glued-down glass back.. The earpiece speaker and NFC antenna both come out, but only after applying some more heat—each is solidly adhered in place.. Broken down to its pixels parts, this Pixel 2 XL is lookin' pretty cool!. Many components are modular and can be replaced once the display assembly is removed. All of the screws are common Phillips #00 screws, and there are only 9 of them. The display is still thin and poorly supported, especially around the grilles, but foam adhesive makes the opening process easier. The battery's loss of pull-tab adhesive, plus tightly walled-in placement, makes it much harder to remove. The stubborn midframe and tight-fitting display cable covers make for more labor-intensive repairs.. Repairability 6 out of 10. Great work, so quick! What can you tell about the Pixel Core chip? which was the surprise revelation from google. Does it look similar to other neural chips from iphone or huawei mate 10 pro?. Do you know what camera sensor is used in the 2 XL? Rumours have it as the same base sensor as the LG.. Like to see the new Google SoC. Suppose to do 3 trillion operations a second so would like to how big. Edit: Woops! I see in step 9. Well… is this or is this not the same display that was in the V30? I could be wrong, but it seems pretty obvious to me in spite of the disagreements that people are having about it.. Maybe the same OLED unit, but the front glass is clearly not the same. Also the cables are way different.. I think it is the same one. I’m a pixel 2 xl user and it has the exact same issue.. (Someone in China said it is the same panel, I went to the Chinese Reddit, most of them canceled their order just because of the poor display). I’m still wondering is it better to get a sony xz premium.. Great work! Do you also know the chip on their USB-C to 3.5mm audio connector? The iPhone ones and HTC ones both use Cirrus Logic CS42L42 and I am interested if the Google ones is the same or not.. The system uses Qualcomm platform inside. The audio codec is from Qualcomm, Qualcomm WCD9340. Refer to step 10, the chip is next to STM MCU.. I am referring the dac in the usb-c to 3.5mm converter if Google uses another codec inside. HTC U11 also has Snapdragon 835’s audio codec built in but they used CS42L42 on their converter.. According to https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/USB-C (search for Analog Audio Out & Microphone section) there should be no need for a dac in the adapter, it's designed to be passive as analog audio may be carried over some usb pins.. So it makes total sense for the dac to be in the phone rather than every cable/adapter. Despite whatever else apple may be doing :). Does it still have cloth fabric for the speaker grill? I think the old Pixel 2016 used cloth fabric.. Do you know who is behind the screen’s display driver?. I am curious to see a teardown of the HTC-manufactured Pixel 2. Are you guys expecting a different score there? It should have the same ingredients, as far as Google said so far - except the battery. It would be really interesting to see if that’s the case!. Wondering if they’re using external sensor hub still? Using ST motion sensor?. So how do you think these are assembled? Entirely by robots, or do they use Chinese manual labor? Or a combination? I would love to watch that process.. Can you please also tear down the Google Home Mini? It’s now on sale. Also, please murder an Amazon Echo Pro. This Google Pixel 2 tear down video named Google Pixel 2 reassemble is better.. do you know if the phone is still waterproof after the back glass has been crcked?. After putting the phone back together does it require your google password to use the phone again?. Good teardown! Got a question, what inside the mic hold at the top of the phone? I accidentally put the sim tool in the mic hole but I didnt feel any resistance and didn’t push hard. Would there be waterproofing that may have ripped?. Is there any weather stripping in that hole or a dust/wind shield we may have damaged? Felt like pure metal.. Hello I just broke the glass lens. How can I change it? Thx a lot. Dear Team, I leave in India Mumbai. I require the back panel for the GOOGLE PIXEL 2 XL. Where can i get it from. I did try googling it but only came across the fake ones. <iframe id="dozuki-embed-98093" src="https://www.ifixit.com/Teardown/embed/98093/full" width="800" allowfullscreen frameborder="0"></iframe>. <iframe src="https://www.ifixit.com/Teardown/embed/98093" width="800" height="584" allowfullscreen frameborder="0"></iframe>. Choose a size and copy the code below to embed this guide as a small widget on your site / forum.. Past 24 Hours: 210. Past 7 Days: 1,456. Past 30 Days: 7,542. 2018 iFixit – Licensed under Creative Commons – Privacy Policy. It's time to speak out for your right to repair. We have a chance to guarantee our right to repair electronic. equipment—like smartphones, computers, and even farm equipment. chance to protect local repair jobs—the corner mom-and-pop repair shops that. keep getting squeezed out by manufacturers.. Join the cause and tell your state representative to support Right to Repair. Tell them you believe repair should be fair, affordable, and accessible. Stand up for your right to repair!. 
The Pixel 2 XL is the best Android phone ever made. Blazing-fast speed and a brilliant camera, all in a futuristic, edge-to-edge design. The Pixel 2 XL is the best Android phone around.. Blazing-fast speed and a brilliant camera, all in a futuristic, edge-to-edge design. The Pixel 2 XL is the best Android phone around.. Blazing-fast speed and a brilliant camera, all in a futuristic, edge-to-edge design. The Pixel 2 XL is the best Android phone around.. Display has blue tint when viewed from sides. A 6-inch window to a blissful Android world. Geekbench 4: 1,179 single-core, 4,413 multi-core. An elegantly simple Android 8.0 Oreo experience. The best camera on a smartphone. Nearly a day’s worth of battery. Phone Reviews Product Reviews. Despite impressive competition this year, the Pixel 2 XL is the best Android smartphone in the world. Now before you start jumping at its faults (the lack of a headphone jack; the edges around the screen; or the missing MicroSD slot when the competing Galaxy Note 8. both have one) we’ll admit, the Pixel doesn’t have the best hardware. Google is a software company at heart — and as we explore in our review, that’s where the Pixel 2 XL shines.. Note: There have been some complaints about the Pixel 2 XL’s screen, which we explore in this opinion article. Google has also addressed the issue , and has extended the warranty to two years for customer peace of mind. We still stand by our score and recommendation.. The Pixel smartphone line began last year as Google abandoned the Nexus brand, signaling its intention to exercise more control over hardware. What used to be a collaboration with a manufacturer is now a phone designed completely by Google.. There was never a singular, iconic look to Nexus phones. The Motorola-made Nexus 6 , for example, aped the look of other Motorola phones. That’s not the case with the Pixel 2 XL, which carries forward the design of last year’s Pixel XL. It’s becoming easier to distinguish a Pixel in a market flooded with lookalikes. That’s important if Google wants the average person to remember what it’s trying to sell.. What’s nice is it doesn’t look like your average smartphone, thanks to the two-tone glass and aluminum rear design. A quarter of the phone top on the rear is glass, while the rest is metal. This year’s Pixel 2 XL is slightly different, with a bigger camera that sadly sticks out a tad, and the glass stops before the fingerprint sensor. Gone are ugly antenna lines, now masked in glass. It looks a lot more refined and mature than last year’s Pixel XL , in part because Google has left the edges more angular, rather than rounding them off.. We really love the Pixel 2 XL’s design, and we liked last year’s model as well, but this is subjective. We’ve already heard “ugly” thrown around the office, and some friends just aren’t sold on the design. The metal on the back, which has a unique matte texture, is particularly polarizing. It’s almost like a smooth chalkboard. We think it feels nice to the touch, but hold an iPhone 8 Plus or a Galaxy Note 8 and you’ll feel as though the Pixel 2 XL isn’t made of similar, high-quality materials. The Pixel is far lighter, and the all-glass design on Apple and Samsung’s phones screams premium.. Flip the phone over, and you’ll find what makes the Pixel 2 XL the better phone to buy over the regular Pixel 2 : A large, display with small bezels. It’s the smartphone design trend of the year, and any phone that doesn’t minimize the edges. around the screen easily looks dated against the likes of the Galaxy S8 , the LG V30 , the iPhone X , and the Essential Phone .. That said, the Pixel 2 XL’s bezels aren’t as slim as that crowd’s, and the sides don’t blend the display into the rear like the Note 8. Still, you get something close, and we like how the screen’s edges are rounded, like the LG G6. It looks like a 6-inch window into pure Android bliss.. It’s becoming easy to distinguish a Pixel phone.. The Pixel 2 XL benefits from a bold pOLED screen, with a high 2,880 × 1,440 pixel resolution. With 538 pixels per inch, this screen looks sharp, and colors just pop off the screen. The screen isn’t oversaturated, and it’s not as colorful as a Samsung display, but we didn’t think it is an issue. When compared to an iPhone 8 Plus, the color temp is cooler, and blacks look far darker. The screen gets bright enough to view outside, but just barely.. There is one problem we’ve noticed with the screen — tilt it to the side and you will now see a bluish tint. It happens whichever way you tilt the phone, and it’s a little odd to see such an issue in an expensive device. We personally don’t think it’s a deal breaker, but it is something to be aware of when purchasing. Other reviewers and device owners have noted other issues with the screen as well, but it’s still anything short of a usability problem and we haven’t been able to replicate some of the problems. Google has addressed these issues and said it’s confident the screen is fine, but it’s still extending the phone’s warranty and a software update will help mitigate screen burn-in and add a Saturation Mode for those who want more vivid colors.. Google opted for an 18:9 aspect ratio instead of the traditional 16:9. Most Android apps are designed to scale, but you will run into issues where some apps look a little strange, almost like they’re cut off at the top and bottom because they do not scale. We’ve only seen this with a handful of games, but strangely Google does not offer an option to force an app to scale, as LG and Samsung do.. While last year’s Pixel phones had an ambient display that would flash in and out when there was a new notification, the Pixel 2 XL has an always-on display similar to the V30 and the S8. It always shows the time, date, whether the phone is charging, and notification icons. Double tap the screen to wake the display, or double tap a notification to go right into the app.. The reason to buy the Pixel 2 XL over the 5-inch Pixel 2 is the display. It looks great, especially with a wallpaper from Google’s Living Universe collection, which add eye-catching movements to the screen like waves crashing onto a beach. The minimal edges around the screen really do improve the overall design of the phone, making everything feel far more immersive.. There’s only one port on the Pixel 2 XL: USB Type-C. After poking fun at Apple’s controversial decision to remove the headphone jack from the iPhone 7 Plus last year, Google has followed suit. It’s a dealbreaker for a lot of people, understandably. Removing the 3.5-mm headphone jack forces Pixel owners to use a dongle they may likely lose, or shell out for wireless buds , which are often pricier than wired ones .. The only silver lining comes in the form of dual front-facing stereo speakers. No longer do your fingers block the sound from the bottom-firing speakers. They easily get loud, and sound well balanced. Unlike the Huawei Mate 10 Pro, there’s thankfully Bluetooth 5. That should bring better range, less interference, and lower battery consumption for wireless headphones.. Last year’s Pixel smartphone had an edge over the competition. It was the first to feature Qualcomm’s Snapdragon 821 processor, which was a tad better than the Snapdragon 820 found on many 2016 flagships. Despite rumors suggesting the Pixel 2 XL would use a new Snapdragon 836 chip, it’s powered by the same Snapdragon 835 that’s in the likes of the Galaxy S8, leveling the playing field.. But there’s still an edge the Pixel has over the Android competition. As Google designed the hardware and software, it’s able to optimize the operating system closely — far more than most manufacturers. It also helps that Google’s software is pure, bloatware-free Android. As such, performance is blazing fast and we’ve yet to run into any issues. Launching apps and moving through the OS is fluid and fast, and games such as Lego Star Wars: The Force Awakens , Transformers: Forged to Fight , and SUP performed without a hitch.. Take a look at the benchmark scores:. Our Pixel 2 XL scores were surprisingly lower than many other Snapdragon 835 devices. Samsung’s Galaxy Note 8, which has the same processor, got an AnTuTu score of 167,946, and the LG V30 scored a 171,669. Unsurprisingly, the iPhone still reigns king with the A11 Bionic processor and an unrivaled score of 222,462. Benchmarks scores aren’t the be-all end-all of performance, and all these devices offer plenty of horsepower. We’ve been blown away by the Pixel 2 XL’s speed, and it will likely be just as fast a year down the line like our 2016 Pixel XL.. The Pixel 2 XL comes with 4GB of RAM, and a choice of 64GB or 128GB of storage. There’s no MicroSD card slot, but you do get unlimited high-quality photo storage via Google Photos .. The best part about Pixel smartphones is the software experience. Namely, you’ll get three years of version and security updates with the Pixel 2 XL. That’s important, as it keeps your device secure and brings you the latest features for a longer time than most Android phones.. Google’s version of Android is simple, uncluttered, elegant, and fluid. The home screen has been slightly refreshed over last year’s Pixel: The Google Search bar moves to the bottom of the screen, making it easier to access; and a neat new calendar widget shows you your next meeting and the weather. Swipe to the right and you’ll access the Google Feed, which sports a transparent background. Swipe down to access the notification drawer, which now adds a shade the color of your wallpaper.. Google’s version of Android is simple, uncluttered, elegant, and fluid.. Press and hold the power button, and you’ll see the Power Off and Restart options look a lot nicer, similar to the design of app shortcuts (the options that pop up when you long-press an app). The Settings menu has been condensed greatly, largely thanks to Android 8.0 Oreo, which introduces a host of new features such as Notification Dots, Picture-in-Picture mode, and more. To learn more, read our in-depth Android 8.0 Oreo review .. Google Assistant is mostly unchanged, but Google has taken a page out of HTC’s book with a feature called Active Edge. Like Edge Sense on the HTC U11 , you can squeeze the edges of the phone to trigger an action. It works really well, but it’s tough remembering it’s a feature we can use. It’s handy when you’re out in public, your hands are full, and you don’t want to say “OK Google” out loud. Still, we would have liked the option to customize the trigger to do something else, like open an app. This is possible on the HTC U11, but it looks like Google wants to keep it strictly for Assistant, like Samsung forcing people to use its Bixby button. One of our favorite additions is Now Playing. It’s a rather simple feature that detects what song is playing in the background and it will add the name and artist to the Always-on Display. Don’t worry, Google isn’t listening to what you’re saying 24/7 — the phone looks up the audio fingerprint of the song in a database that “lives on the phone.” The database is updated with new music each week, and if it’s there the Pixel 2 XL can tell you what song’s playing. It all happens offline, on the device. You can tap on the song name and Assistant will open it, and allow you to view it in your music app of choice.. It generally picked up pop songs within 10 to 20 seconds of entering a restaurant or store. It took about a minute for songs a little more obscure, and sometimes it just couldn’t identify it. Google Assistant , though, can finally identify what’s playing.. “Now Playing isn’t intended to be an “on-demand” music recognizer,” a Google spokesperson told Digital Trends. “Instead, we mean for Now Playing to be glanceable and ambient. Assistant Sound Search (asking “what’s this song?”) will offer on-demand song recognition.”. The recognizer runs once per minute when continuous music is playing to conserve power, and we didn’t notice much of a dip. If you don’t like it or think it’s affecting battery life, you can turn it off.. All-in-all the software experience is the bread and butter of the Pixel phone, and Google nails it yet again.. There could not be a better example of Google’s software strengths over hardware than the camera on the Pixel 2 XL. While nearly every other manufacturer has gone with a dual-camera setup on their smartphones, Google boldly said it just needs a one.. What blew us away, though, is Portrait Mode — specifically on the selfie camera.. Last year’s Pixel quickly got a reputation for having an excellent camera. While we thought so too, and said it was often better than the iPhone 7 Plus at the time , one of our complaints was how it tended to oversaturate images. That’s not a problem with the 12-megapixel camera on the Pixel 2 XL.. Colors are impressively accurate, images are always brilliantly detailed, and best of all the camera app is incredibly fast and simple to use. The Pixel 2 XL’s image processing can do some wonders in taking out or minimizing grain in low-light photos as well. makes sure photos are never overexposed or underexposed in certain areas — and if they are, a brightness slider usually lets you correct the look. Occasionally, photos can look like someone cranked the clarity a little too high, but the images are always something we’re still likely to share.. What blew us away, though, is Portrait Mode — specifically on the 8-megapixel selfie camera. Portrait Mode is now a feature on many dual-camera phones, as the data from both cams help create a DSLR-like blur (or bokeh ) around a subject. Google had a version before called Lens Blur, but it required you to raise the camera up after snapping a shot so it could capture depth data. It’s now much simpler: Just tap the shutter icon.. Pixel 2 XL Portrait Mode with front-facing camera. Google uses software to determine depth. The results are most often accurate, and images are processed much faster than last year’s Lens Blur on the Pixel. Sure, there’s the odd photo or two where the blur wasn’t quite right, but we’re genuinely impressed with them when it works. It frequently manages to do a great job of correctly picking out even small strands of hair that should not be blurred out (with exceptions, of course). Take a look at the comparison between the iPhone 8 Plus Portrait Mode vs. the Google Pixel 2 XL’s Portrait Mode. The iPhone 8 Plus has stronger bokeh and a brighter picture, but the hair strangely has a slight blur. The Pixel photo is a littler darker with weaker blur, but you can see strands of hair that are in focus.. That being said, it would be great if we could adjust the level of blur — like Samsung offers with the Note 8. It does feel at times too little, and we’d like to make it more noticeable like the iPhone’s.. Two other smartphone photography tricks Google has added are more gimmicky than useful. Motion Photos mimics Apple’s Live Photos — tap on the shutter icon and the phone will take 3 seconds of video. Google’s software picks the best place to start and stop the video, and then loops it. It’d be nice to see some iOS 11 effects here, like Long Exposure and Bounce.. The other is Google Lens, which is still in a preview program. When you activate it on a photo in your library, Google will try to detect what’s in the image. It’s not terribly useful right now as it’s limited to what it can detect. We tried to get it to detect crab rangoon, but it just ran an image search for “food.” Google told Digital Trends Google Lens works best right now with detecting landmarks, books, artwork, movie posters, album covers, video games; and you can “take action on text,” like email addresses, phone numbers, addresses and URLs. We think the latter feature is the most useful at the moment, and you can use it to scan barcodes and QR codes. Google said more options will be added over time.. The best part of the Pixel’s camera is that it just works reliably 99 percent of the time, and it does a bang-up job in most lighting environments. Portrait Mode is our favorite feature, and you’ll fall in love with it if you frequently take selfies. The only other phone that will let you take Portrait Mode selfies is the unreleased iPhone X .. Battery life is perhaps one of the more disappointing areas for the Pixel 2 XL. It’s not awful, but with heavy usage we hit 20 percent by 8 p.m, after pulling it off the charger around 8 a.m. That’s with streaming music, web browsing, using social media, watching YouTube videos, taking photos, and more.. We’ve certainly seen better battery life in other smartphones. On a lighter day of mostly browsing the web and taking a few photos, we hit about 45 percent by 9 p.m. We’ve certainly seen better battery life in other smartphones such as the LG V30. Like most flagship devices, you’ll still need to charge your phone every day, but the Pixel 2 XL did make us feel anxious whenever we didn’t have a charging cable on hand as a precaution.. At idle, the Pixel 2 XL only lost a little under 10 percent after leaving it on for most of a day. And when you need a boost, it charges up incredibly fast with the included charger. We watched it shoot from 39 percent to 79 percent in only 40 minutes.. The Google Pixel 2 XL costs $850 for 64GB of storage or $950 for 128GB. It’s available on the Google Store, though some models may be out of stock. It’s also being sold via Best Buy, and the only carrier selling it is Verizon. Beware the “exclusively on Verizon” signs though, as purchasing the phone from Google means it will work on any major U.S. Google initially offered a standard one-year warranty, but after the blowback and concerns about the Pixel 2 XL’s screen, it is now providing a two-year warranty that protects the device from manufacturing defects two years from the date of purchase. If you’re paranoid, you can add Preferred Care for $130 extra, and it gives you “worry-free protection for your phone for two years,” including two claims for accidental damage. It also adds access to walk-in centers for screen repairs, priority access to specially-trained agents 24/7, and unlimited expert sessions to learn tips to use the phone.. Google Pixel 2 XL Compared To. Blazing-fast speed, a brilliant camera, an uncluttered and beautiful Android experience, all in a futuristic, edge-to-edge design. A headphone jack would have been icing on the cake, but this is still the Android cake to own.. Yes, the iPhone 8 Plus is a great alternative that matches the Pixel 2 XL on a lot of fronts. It has a great camera, a buttery smooth software experience, and the fastest mobile processor around. If you don’t have a preference towards an operating system, the iPhone 8 Plus is worth a look — though you may also want to glance at the upcoming iPhone X .. If you want to stick to Android, we think the Samsung Galaxy Note 8 is a stellar option. It has dual optical image stabilization on its cameras, a better screen, and it can take excellent photos as well. It’s a little pricier at $930.. The LG V30 is a nice middle ground, costing around $800, and it has a headphone jack, as well as a fun wide-angle camera if you want something unique.. The Google Pixel 2 XL is finally IP67 water-resistant, which means you can take it underwater up to 1.5 meters for 30 minutes. This helps with durability, but there’s not much stopping the phone from shattering if you drop it, unless you grab a case. The Pixel smartphones receive software updates instantly from Google, and the Pixel 2 XL should get them for three years. Expect this device to last four to five years.. If you don’t care much for the missing headphone jack, the Pixel 2 XL is the best Android phone around.. Add Us To Your Social Channels. Digital Trends helps readers keep tabs on the fast-paced world of tech with all the latest news, fun product reviews, insightful editorials, and one-of-a-kind sneak peeks. 
more ... more .... more ... more .... View all photos (38). Click to read the full review. Based on 6 User reviews. High screen-to-body ratio (76.66 %). Extremely high pixel density screen (537 ppi). Lots of RAM (4 GB RAM). Large camera sensor pixel size (1.4 μm). Lacks microSD slot for storage expansion. The Pixel 2 XL is the physically larger counterpart to the Pixel 2, offering the same top-notch hardware specs, in addition to a bigger screen and a greater battery reserve. Its 6-inch display is built around the 18:9 aspect ratio, meaning that it is taller, fitting more content without being impossibly difficult to hold. Stereo speakers are on board with this one, but a 3.5mm jack isn't. A highlight of the Pixel 2 XL is the 12MP camera. While it is no slower than any other high-end camera, this shooter uses multiple frame processing to create photos with better dynamics range. Portrait mode is also on board.. Google Pixel 2 XL vs LG V30 Apple iPhone X vs Google Pixel 2 XL Google Pixel 2 Review Google Pixel 2 XL benchmarks. Dimensions: 6.22 x 3.02 x 0.31 inches (157.9 x 76.7 x 7.9 mm). Weight: 6.17 oz (175 g) the average is 5.6 oz (159 g). Materials: Main body: Aluminum; Accents: Glass. IP certified - The IP code indicates the degree of protection against dust and water. The first number represents dust protection, while the second represents water protection. In IP67, for example, 6 means a completely dust-tight device, while 7 means the device can stay immersed in up to 1 meter of water for up to 30 minutes. In IP68, a higher level of water protection is expected, but exact numbers aren't specified: both depth and continuance are specified by the manufacturer on per device basis.. Display Physical size: 6.0 inches. Resolution: 1440 x 2880 pixels. Features: Scratch-resistant glass (Corning Gorilla Glass 5), Ambient light sensor, Proximity sensor. Pixel density - The pixel density of a display represents the number of pixels over an area of one inch. It’s measured in “pixels per inch”, or ppi. The higher the number, the more detailed and good-looking the display is.. Technology - There are two main screen technologies currently used in phones and tablets: LCD and AMOLED. The former usually features a light source and liquid crystals, while the latter is based on organic light-emitting diodes. Newer LCD variations like IPS-LCD and Super-LCD allow for very accurate color reproduction and very wide viewing angles, where no significant image quality loss is observed. Current AMOLED screens differ in such a way that they can exhibit much more saturated colors (sometimes too much) and incredibly high contrast levels, which is due to black color being completely black in AMOLED displays.. Screen-to-body ratio - Shows what part of the frontal area of a phone its screen occupies.. Hardware Features: Optical image stabilization, Autofocus (Laser, Phase detection). Software Features: Touch to focus, Face detection, Voice activation, Self-timer, Digital zoom, Geo tagging. Settings: Exposure compensation, ISO control, White balance presets, Shutter speed control. Shooting Modes: Burst mode, High Dynamic Range mode (HDR), Panorama. 3840x2160 (4K) (30 fps), 1920x1080 (1080p HD) (120 fps), 1280x720 (720p HD) (240 fps). Features: Optical image stabilization, Digital image stabilization, Video calling, Video sharing. Aperture size - The aperture of a camera is the opening through which light travels before it reaches the camera sensor. The smaller the number is, the bigger this opening is, allowing for more light to pass.. Camera sensor size - A bigger camera sensor is able to capture more light, and thus produce better photos.. Pixel size - The size of an individual pixel on a camera's sensor. Octa-core, 2350 MHz, Kryo 280, 64-bit, 10 nm. System chip - Most modern handsets use an advanced chip that includes many of the device’s hardware modules like the processor, Wi-Fi, Bluetooth and sometimes even the wireless radio. This field shows what particular system chip (or System-on-a-Chip) is used in the phone.. Processor - The processor is the main computing component of a phone and is a major factor when it comes to the overall speed of the device. Some more powerful smartphones use dual-core and quad-core processors designed to deliver greater performance.. Graphics processor - The graphics processor is important for the smooth operation of the system and especially in games and other applications that may involve complex graphics and animations.. System memory - System memory, or RAM memory is the type of memory that the device uses to temporarily store data from the OS or currently-running apps. The more RAM available to the device, the better the performance will be when multiple or heavier programs are running.. Built-in storage - Bigger storage capacity allows you to keep more content saved onto your device, such as more applications, photos or video. Games and video content typically take up the biggest amount of storage space.. Capacity - The bigger, the better! However, battery capacity is not the only factor that has an effect on battery life. Those include the chipset in use, the software running on the device, as well as the consumer's unique usage pattern.. Multimedia Screen mirroring: Wireless screen share. Filter by: Album, Artist, Genre, Playlists. Features: Album art cover, Background playback. GSM: 850, 900, 1800, 1900 MHz. UMTS: 850, 900, 1700/2100, 1900, 2100 MHz. LTE (FDD): Bands 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 7, 8, 12, 13, 17, 20, 25, 26, 28, 29, 30, 32, 66. LTE (TDD): Bands 38, 40, 41. Data: LTE-A Cat 15 (800/75 Mbit/s), HSDPA+ (4G) 42.2 Mbit/s, HSUPA, UMTS. CDMA - Code Division Multiple Access. A technique of multiplexing, also called spread spectrum, in which analog signals are converted into digital form for transmission. For each communication channel, the signals are encoded in a sequence known to the transmitter and the receiver for that channel. The foremost application is digital cellular phone technology from QUALCOMM that operates in the 800MHz band and 1.9GHz PCS band. CDMA phones are noted for their excellent call quality and long battery life.. Accelerometer, Gyroscope, Compass, Hall (for flip covers), Barometer. Notifications: Service lights, Haptic feedback, Music ringtones, Vibration, Phone profiles, Flight mode, Silent mode, Speakerphone. Other features: Voice dialing, Voice commands, Voice recording, TTY/TDD. 802.11 a, b, g, n, ac, dual-band. Features: Mass storage device, USB charging. Other: NFC, VoIP, Tethering, Computer sync, OTA sync. Positioning - This field shows the positioning systems supported by the device. The most common types are GPS and A-GPS.. GPS - This is one of the most widespread global positioning technologies, developed and maintained by the U.S. It uses satellites in order to detect your location. A-GPS - A-GPS stands for Assisted GPS and is the industry standard for positioning and navigation. “Assisted” means that it can use local wireless networks, in addition to satellites, for quicker and more precise localization.. Availability Officially announced: 04 Oct 2017. Shopping information MSRP price: $ 949. FCC approval - The Federal Communications Commission (FCC) is an independent United States government agency, directly responsible to Congress. The FCC was established by the Communications Act of 1934 and is charged with regulating interstate and international communications by radio, television, wire, satellite and cable. The FCC's jurisdiction covers the 50 states, the District of Columbia, and U.S. Every wireless phone device that is sold in the U.S. has to be tested and approved for sale by the FCC.. Date approved - Shows the date when the particular phone is approved by the Federal Communications Commission. FCC ID value - Shows the FCC Identifying value of the particular phone. FCC measured SAR - Working closely with federal health and safety agencies, such as the Food and Drug Administration (FDA), the FCC has adopted limits for safe exposure to radiofrequency (RF) energy. These limits are given in terms of a unit referred to as the Specific Absorption Rate (SAR), which is a measure of the amount of radio frequency energy absorbed by the body when using a mobile phone. The FCC requires cell phone manufacturers to ensure that their phones comply with these objective limits for safe exposure. Any cell phone at or below these SAR levels (that is, any phone legally sold in the U.S.) is a "safe" phone, as measured by these standards. The FCC limit for public exposure from cellular telephones is an SAR level of 1.6 watts per kilogram (1.6 W/kg).. To see the full specifications with in-depth details click here.. We list only the specs that are different than the main variant. Google Pixel 2 XL (with 64 GB storage). Built-in storage - Bigger storage capacity allows you to keep more content saved onto your device, such as more applications, photos or video. Games and video content typically take up the biggest amount of storage space.. Despite our efforts to provide full and correct Google Pixel 2 XL specifications, there is always a possibility of making a mistake. If you see any wrong or incomplete data, please LET US KNOW .. If you are interested in using our specs commercially, check out our Phone specs database licensing page.. $790 Buy. $750 Buy. Samsung Galaxy S9 Plus vs Google Pixel 2 XL: first look. Samsung Galaxy S9+ vs Samsung Galaxy Note 8: first look. Samsung Galaxy S9/S9+ vs iPhone X vs Pixel 2 XL and the best of the rest: a size comparison. Samsung Galaxy S9+ vs Galaxy S8+ vs Pixel 2 XL: Specs comparison. What's in my bag for MWC 2018?. Cold temperatures slow down Pixel 2 XL charging despite misleading notification. The Samsung Galaxy S9 and S9+ have game-changing cameras with variable aperture and 960fps slow-mo video recording. The Big Barcelona Camera Comparison: iPhone X vs Pixel 2 XL vs Note 8. Samsung Galaxy S9 and S9+ rumor review: Specs, design, features, price and release date. Sony presents Xperia XZ2 and XZ2 Compact: new design and Snapdragon 845. Galaxy S9 Exynos edition gets benchmarked against rivals!. Galaxy S9 first camera comparison vs iPhone X, V30, S8. Samsung Galaxy S9 & S9+ hands-on. MWC 2018: top smartphones to expect. Best smartphone you can buy in 2018. Allo is a quality app, but Google isn't giving it a real chance. All content (phone reviews, news, specs, info), design and layouts are Copyright 2001-2018 phoneArena.com. Reproduction in whole or in part or in any form or medium without written permission is prohibited! Privacy. 
Learn more about PCWorld's Digital Editions. If you're a dedicated Android user, the Pixel 2 XL is a no-brainer upgrade—unless you already own an original Pixel. Use commas to separate multiple email addresses. There was an error emailing this page.. Pixel 2 XL: Top 5 camera features. Samsung Galaxy S9: Dual Aperture camera test. FrontRow Camera Review: A high-end live-streaming wearable without a high-end camera. LG V20 camera shootout: Audio recording in the video app. Google Pixel XL Top 5 features. Google Pixel XL Top 5 features. Google's Pixel C is a killer Android tablet on a productivity mission. Google's Pixel C is a killer... The Pixel 2 XL delivers the most fun, elegant camera experience you'll find in a smartphone.. Pixel 2 XL: Top 5 camera features. iPhone X versus Android's best: A surprisingly lopsided affair. Pixel 2 XL hands on: 5 reasons why you'll want Google's $849 superphone. Samsung Galaxy S9: Dual Aperture camera test. Google Lens: What’s lurking inside your photos?. Pixel 2 XL camera: Portrait Mode for the win. Low light photos and video stabilization. Google Photos: For Pixel, Pixel 2, and everyone. Pixel 2 launcher tweaks and Active Edge. Pixel 2 XL: Should you buy it?. OS : Android 8.0 Oreo with guaranteed updates for three years. Dimensions/weight : 6.2 x 3.0 x 0.3 inches/6.2 ounces. Display : 6-inch QHD+ (2880x1440) pOLED, 538 pixels per inch. Memory/storage : 4GB RAM/64GB or 128GB. Cameras : 12.2MP rear camera with f/1.8 aperture and optical + electronic image stabilization, 8MP front camera with f/2.4 aperture. Port : USB-C (and that’s all she wrote). Physical design: Less is more Adam Patrick Murray/IDG. Pixel 2 XL display upgrades Adam Patrick Murray/IDG. Now Playing: Google’s built-in Shazam Adam Patrick Murray/IDG. Google Lens: What’s lurking inside your photos? Google. You’ll want the Google Pixel 2 XL if you’re looking for the most elegant Android experience possible in a 6-inch phone. You’ll want the Pixel 2 XL if you’re looking for a generous display with an 18:9 aspect ratio, amazing portrait photography, and a ton of surprise-and-delight features made possible by Google Lens and the rest of Google’s A.I. When the Pixel 2 XL was announced on Oct. 4 , Google reminded us that its machine learning engine is watching our every move to improve its A.I. So, yes, the Pixel 2 XL’s ever-Googley magic tricks may keep robophobes up at night. But it’s an incredible phone that grafts device experiences to life experience in simple, intuitive, and smile-provoking ways. And you’ll rightfully want one it if you’re due for a phone upgrade.. But if you already own the original Pixel, your decision is more difficult. The Pixel 2 XL kicks ass, but much of what makes it special—the most refined expression of Android, the Google Photos experience, Google Assistant in the home button, and Google Lens—is available in the first-generation Pixel phones, too. To this extent, the Pixel 2 XL (and the smaller Pixel 2, which I’ll review soon) are victims of Google’s success at creating a cloud-first, machine-learning platform that spans. The Pixel 2 XL feels great in the hand.. Before we drill down into features, let’s get straight to Pixel 2 XL specs.. As first glance, the numbers don’t look mind-blowingly advanced. Other phones have similarly generous display resolutions and run the Snapdragon 835. The Samsung Galaxy Note 8 even comes with 6GB of RAM. And neither the Pixel 2’s 12-megapixel resolution nor f/1.8 aperture are best-of-class for a rear camera.. But don’t get bogged down in the swamp of raw numbers. In practice, I found the Pixel 2 XL to be insanely zippy, just like the first-gen Pixel XL. Apps open in a flash, and the interface is ultra-responsive and fluid, with nary a touch of tangible latency.. The 5-inch Pixel 2 doesn’t have the screen real-estate or display quality of the 6-inch Pixel 2 XL. But aside from the display and physical design, the Pixel 2 and Pixel 2 XL offer all the same features and functionality.. And as our camera tests bear out, the Pixel 2’s new dual-pixel camera sensor (now featuring smaller 1.4-micron pixels) makes raw resolution and aperture speed less relevant bragging points. The upshot is the Pixel 2 should autofocus very quickly, perform better in low light situations, and deliver impressive depth-of-field bokeh effects—with just a single rear camera, instead of two like you’ll find on the Galaxy Note 8 and iPhone 8 Plus.. Let me see a show of hands: How many of you put your phone in a case? Yeah, I thought so. Physical aesthetics don’t mean much when your phone is entombed in some other manufacturer’s plastic. Nonetheless, I give Google props for upping the Pixel’s design game in this second-generation treatment.. The Pixel 2 XL (left) is just about the same size as the original Pixel XL, but offers more vertical screen real estate.. The new phone’s dimensions are almost identical to that of the original Pixel, but thanks to the new 18:9 display ratio—and, more importantly, much slimmer bezels, top and bottom—you get somewhere near 5/8th of an inch of extra vertical screen real estate. It’s not life-changing, but it’s progress. The Pixel 2 XL’s front glass (Gorilla Glass 5) also has a gentle curve at the bezels. This, along with the elimination of visible antenna lines, gives the Pixel 2 XL a more polished, contemporary feel than the Pixel XL.. Google reduced the size of the glass panel on the Pixel 2 XL, but now there’s a slight camera bump.. Flip the phone over, and you’ll find a much smaller glass “visor” relative to the design of the original XL. It’s a subjective call, but I think the new design looks better balanced, perhaps because the fingerprint sensor sits on the aluminum unibody, rather than on top of the glass. I also love the slightly toothier texture of the coating Google applies to the aluminum. It’s just a bit more confidence-inspiring than the more silky finish of the original Pixel.. If I have any gripes, it’s the new, ever-so-slightly-protruding bump around the rear camera. It’s just high enough to give me pause when placing the phone on a coffee table. But when the Pixel 2 XL is encased in Google’s super-lush fabric case , all fears disappear.. Folks who fear the forward march of progress will lament Google’s decision to eliminate the headphone jack. Well, you’ll be marching without me. I haven’t used wired headphones in two years, and I’m convinced we’ll all look back at “You killed my headphone jack!” protests in the same way we view Grandpa Simpson reminiscing about his onion belt .. Bottom line: If you care about wired headphones, having to rely on a USB-C adapter is an inconvenience. I just don’t feel your pain.. Looking at pure specs alone, the Pixel 2 XL has a spectacular display—but so do all the other flagship smartphones, so it’s becoming harder to deliver a display with a competitive advantage. Nonetheless, the phone’s 6-inch size and 2880x1440 resolution beat last year’s XL model, which measures 5.5 inches and clocks in at 2560x1440. That’s nice progress considering the Pixel 2 XL is just a bit taller than the first-gen phone.. For the 2 XL version, Google is also going with LG’s pOLED display tech, rather than AMOLED, which appeared in both sizes of the original Pixel, and remains in the 5-inch Pixel 2. The “p” stands for plastic, and allows Google to curve the edges of the display near the phone’s bezels.. The Pixel 2 XL has a wide, generous, 18:9 aspect ratio for video.. The Pixel 2 XL display has also been tuned for a wider color gamut, Google says, and includes a circular polarizer to increase screen visibility when viewed with sunglasses.The pOLED display doesn’t look demonstrably better than the original AMOLED, and if anything, it appears cooler in terms of color temperature, and is less saturated and brilliant. with the display, but my review unit checks out fine in terms of display consistency. That said, I have found the display looks even cooler when viewed off-axis—a “blue shift” effect, if you will.. After 10 days of use, I have also observed the so-called “ burn in ” effect that other reviewers are seeing. In my case, I can see the faint, faint imprint of Android’s navigation buttons on a gray background. It doesn’t bug me personally (because only full-screen video content would ever appear in the affected area). but it could bug others. And when you add the slight burn-in to the color inconsistency concerns, and then throw in the display’s, well, blandness, you’re left with a screen upgrade that’s entire keyed into real estate, and not pixel quality.. The polarizer benefits, meanwhile, are difficult to discern. It definitely helps the display pop when wearing shades, but you’ll still need to increase display brightness on a bright day, sunglasses or not.. The Pixel 2 XL’s always-on display will briefly show you the full contents of a text before the notification collapses into a simply icon.. The coolest display upgrades, in fact, appear when the screen is off. Adding a feature that was conspicuously absent from the original Pixels, the new Pixel 2 models include an Always on Display mode for your lock screen. It’s an immensely helpful feature that lets you see the time, date, and notifications even when the phone is off.. Granted, this ambient mode does consume a nominal amount of battery life, but the convenience of seeing full text messages on the lock screen far outweighs the penalty.. The other big display upgrade, Now Playing, taps into Google’s machine-learning story. Think of Now Playing as an always-on, Google-fied version of Shazam, the music-identifying app.. When the phone is locked and Now Playing recognizes the digital fingerprint of a song playing in the background, the song title and artist will appear on the Always On Display. From there, you can double-tap on the song title, and you’ll be shuttled off to Google Assistant, where you can launch the song on YouTube, Google Play Music, or Spotify (though you’ll need to be subscribed to the latter two services to hear playback and to save the song to your library).. The Now Playing feature identifies songs playing your midst, and it’s all done locally—no data connection or WiFi required.. Now Playing is pure surprise-and-delight—not a must-have, life-changing experience, but it’s a great illustration of Google’s A.I. chops, and another example of how Google uses its awareness of the world’s data, broadly speaking, to deliver numerous little personal assists throughout the day.. Now Playing downloads a database of digital fingerprints directly to the Pixel 2, and all this data is stored locally, so you don’t need a WiFi or LTE connection to identify songs. Song identification typically takes about two to three seconds, but is currently limited to tracks that appear in the Google Play Music catalog. Google says its Now Playing database currently has tens of thousands of songs, and is updated weekly, but during testing I frequently stumped it with obscure tracks.. Here’s a partial list of Google’s song catalog, compiled by developer Kieron Quinn. You can read it to get a flavor of Now Playing’s strengths and limitations.. Is Google Lens a photo feature, a surprise-and-delight trick, or a productivity tool? It’s actually all three. It’s a fantastic demonstration of Google’s machine-learning chops, and is coming to both original Pixel phones as well as this year’s models.. Open up Google Photos, and pick an image of a landmark, painting, or basically anything with words or pictures on it. Now tap the Google Lens icon, and prepare to be amazed. Google’s always-improving machine-learning engine will scan the image’s visual data, determine what it’s looking at, and then—if it hits a match—give you insights into whatever you’ve shot.. Google Lens definitely knows fine art. In practice, I found Lens was almost always successful in giving me Google Search results for famous paintings I shot in public galleries. I was also thrilled when it identified a specific coffee cup, and pointed me to a shopping link.. But I was less impressed when I Googled Lens’ed a bunch of images of San Francisco’s Sutro Tower. For one shot, Lens identified the tower as a tree. In another image, Lens described the landmark as a simple transmission tower. Yet in a third shot, Lens scored a direct hit, and pointed me to a Google card on Sutro Tower proper.. Google Lens struggled with three nearly identical images of Sutro Tower, the tallest structure in San Francisco.. It was a telling illustration of machine learning struggling with nearly exactly the same reference material. I was also surprised when Google Lens failed to recognize a perfectly clear shot of the 100-foot cross at the top of Mount Davidson. I would have assumed that Google’s location services would have helped Lens score a perfect match. But, hey, it’s machine learning: Maybe Lens will figure it out soon.. Play with Google Lens long enough, and it begins to feel like inspecting random objects in Fallout 4. Take a photo of a pear... and Lens will tell you you’re looking at a pear. Take a photo of a watch... and Lens will tell you it’s a watch. Hell, I should have taken a photo of a bottle cap. I was a bit chagrined that Len identified my pet Whiskey as a “street dog,” but was impressed that it could share the Latin name of a daisy.. In case you couldn’t identify a pear on sight, Google Lens is here to help. Though calling Whiskey a “street dog” is a bit judgey.. It’s mostly fun and games until you use Lens to transport web URLs, email addresses, and phone numbers to Chrome, mail apps and the phone dialer. At this point, Google Lens becomes a time-saving productivity tool, sparing you the trouble of typing out often-confusing jumbles of letters.. Would you really want to type that email address into Gmail? And who enjoys transposing annoying “ phonewords ” letters into numbers? Look how Google Lens takes care of the heavy lifting.. Will I remember to use Lens for this purpose? I hope so. As is so often the case with Google Assistant (and Google Now On Tap before it), simply remembering that a new Google feature exists is half the battle.. Next page: How the Pixel 2’s camera performs in Portrait mode and in low-light environments.. The Pixel 2 XL is an incredible phone that grafts device experiences to life experience in simple, intuitive and smile-provoking ways.. First phone to receive Google Lens. Beautiful new display and physical design. Packed with A.I.-driven surprise and delight features.. Not a monumental upgrade over original Pixel XL. No headphone jack, no manual camera controls, meh speakers.. PCWorld helps you navigate the PC ecosystem to find the products you want and the advice you need to get the job done.. Copyright © 2018 IDG Communications, Inc.. 
Samsung Galaxy S9 OnePlus 5T Huawei Mate 10 Google Pixel 2 OnePlus 5. LG K10 (2018) Samsung Galaxy S9 Elephone S8 HTC U11 Eyes Honor 9 Lite. Samsung Galaxy S9 OnePlus 5T Huawei Mate 10 Google Pixel 2 OnePlus 5. Buy and sell gently used phones. The Google Pixel 2 XL is one of two of the most anticipated phones of 2017 launched by Google. The phone features a 6.0" screen with a 1440x2880 pixel display. The Snapdragon 835 chipset is paired with 4GB of RAM and 64/128GB of storage. The primary 12.2MP camera scores a 98 on the DxOMark camera test, making it the best smartphone camera ever. The selfie camera has an 8MP sensor. The 3520mAh battery comes with fast charging technology.. The XDA App is the fastest way to access the forums on mobile.. One-Handed Mode replicates the useful iOS "Reachability" feature without root.. Labs is an independent app store that gives developers full control over their work.. The ultimate, most complete theming solution for Android.. The best way to get cutting edge news about your device!. Google Pixel 2 XL Real Life Review. Google Pixel 2 XL Questions & Answers. Google Pixel 2 XL Guides, News, & Discussion. Google Pixel 2 XL ROMs, Kernels, Recoveries, & Other Development. Google Pixel 2 XL Themes, Apps, and Mods. Kernels : Google Pixel 2 XL. Tools/Utilities : Google Pixel 2 XL. Rom List : Google Pixel 2 XL. Google Pixel 2 XL Real Life Review Google Pixel 2 XL Questions & Answers Google Pixel 2 XL Guides, News, & Discussion Google Pixel 2 XL ROMs, Kernels, Recoveries, & Other Development Google Pixel 2 XL Themes, Apps, and Mods Google Pixel 2 XL Accessories. Most Active Google Pixel 2 XL Topics. List of Google Pixel 2 XL Screen Protectors. [MOD|TUTORIAL] Flashable Pixel 2 XL Launcher Mods (8.1.0) Updated1/29/17. List of Google Pixel 2 XL Cases. Google Pixel 2 XL Real Life Review. More Google Pixel 2 XL Real Life Review Threads. Google Pixel 2 XL Questions & Answers. is this a normal AnTuTu score. Pixel 2 XL Stops Charging Randomly. How to flash zip without custom recovery?. More Google Pixel 2 XL Questions & Answers Threads. Google Pixel 2 XL Guides, News, & Discussion. [ROM NEWS]Dirty Unicorns - RC 22/02 - PIXEL2XL(taimen). Temp Root Bounty for Verizon Variants. Google Pixel 2/XL 2 Indian Discussion Thread.. Post Pictures Taken with Your Pixel 2 XL. More Google Pixel 2 XL Guides, News, & Discussion Threads. Google Pixel 2 XL ROMs, Kernels, Recoveries, & Other Development. [ROM] ► [8.1.x] ► [taimen] ► Nitrogen OS Oreo ► Substratum ► (20.Feb.2018). [TAIMEN] [8.1.0] [4.4.118] [CLANG 6.0] Flash Kernel 2.19. TWRP Beta2 for Pixel 2 XL. More Google Pixel 2 XL ROMs, Kernels, Recoveries, & Other Development Threads. Google Pixel 2 XL Themes, Apps, and Mods. Post Your Pixel 2 XL Home Screen. Heads Up Off AND Working Ambient Notifications. [FONTS|TUTORIAL] Flashable Font Zips for Pixel 2/XL Oreo 8.1.0 | Updated 2/23/18. More Google Pixel 2 XL Themes, Apps, and Mods Threads. Pitaka's Thinnest Protective Made from Kevlar/Aramid for Pixel 2s. InvisShield True Fit Full Adhesive Tempered Glass for Google Pixel 2 XL - LOCA Based. what is better for the listed cases whitestone or invisShield?. List of Google Pixel 2 XL Cases. List of Google Pixel 2 XL Screen Protectors. More Google Pixel 2 XL Accessories Threads. ---- XDA 2013 Beta - 1024. XDA Developers was founded by developers, for developers. It is now a valuable resource for people who want to make the most of their mobile devices, from customizing the look and feel to adding new functionality. Are you a developer? | Terms of Service. 
Enter the characters you see below. Sorry, we just need to make sure you're not a robot. For best results, please make sure your browser is accepting cookies.. Type the characters you see in this image:. 
Listed Price : 57,000. Google Pixel 2 XL phablet flaunts a 6-inch P-OLED QHD+ display running at a resolution of 1,440 x 2,880 pixels and density of 538ppi. The Google Pixel 2 XL is powered by Snapdragon 835 octa-core SoC, paired with 4GB of RAM and 64GB / 128GB on-board storage. In the photography department, the Google Pixel 2 XL sports a 12.2-megapixel rear camera of aperture f/1.8 with optical image stabilization (OIS), 4K video recording capabilities and Machine Learning-based Portrait mode to add DSLR-like bokeh effects to your photos without the dual-camera setup and an 8-megapixel front camera.. The smartphone also comes with IP67. certification for water and dust resistance. Other connectivity options include 4G LTE with VoLTE, Bluetooth, GPS, and Wi-Fi.. Google Pixel 2 XL Review: The AI-first smartphone. Processor Qualcomm Snapdragon 835 Octa-Core 2.35GHz + 1.9GHz, 64-Bit Processor. Camera 12.2 MP with f/1.8 aperture. Internal Memory 64GB Internal Storage, 4GB RAM. By Ali Pardiwala on 07 November 2017. Whether it was through the beloved Nexus line-up or last year’s Pixel and Pixel XL, Google branded. Google Pixel 2 XL All variants. Full Specifications of Google Pixel 2 XL. Sales Package Handset, USB-C charger, USB-C to 3.5mm headphone adapter, Quick start guide, Quick switch adapter. Display Resolution QHD+ (2880 x 1440) Pixel. Internal Memory 64GB Internal Storage, 4GB RAM. Processor Qualcomm Snapdragon 835 Octa-Core 2.35GHz + 1.9GHz, 64-Bit Processor. Camera resolution 12.2 MP with f/1.8 aperture. Camera Features Autofocus with laser + dual pixel phase detection, Optical + electronic image stabilization. Secondary Camera 8 MP with f/2.4 aperture. Size (L by B by T) 157.9 * 76.7 * 7.9 mm. Apple fixes for Telugu character bug, Samsung Galaxy S9+ Geekbench leak, Idea Cellular Rs 149 plan and more: Daily News Wrap. Google Pixel 2 XL charges much slower in low temperatures: Report. Google Pixel 2, Pixel 2 XL owners complain of poor battery life and phones getting warm after February security update. Valentine’s Day 2018 offer: Google Pixel 2, Pixel 2 XL to be available starting Rs 49,999, but there's a catch. Pixel and Pixel XL users are suing Google over the defective mic: Report. More on Google Pixel 2 XL. Google Pixel 2 XL Reviews in India. Google Pixel 2 XL Features & Specs. Google Pixel 2 XL Vs Apple iPhone X. Google Pixel 2 XL Vs OnePlus 5T. Google Pixel 2 XL Vs Samsung Galaxy Note 8. Google Pixel 2 XL Vs Apple iPhone 8 Plus. 76,000 Buy Now. 66,000 Buy Now. 57,000 Buy Now. 67,000 Buy Now. Own this mobile? Write a Review. Review on: Google Pixel 2 XL. Hamza Tauqeer on Oct 06, 2017. I\'ve found the prices of these new pixel phones for different regions here http://www.newsaboutphones.com/google-pixel-2-specs-and-price-pixel-..... 128GB Internal Storage, 4GB RAM | 2G,3G,4G | Qualcomm Snapdragon 835 Octa-Core 2.35GHz + 1.9GHz, 64-Bit Processor. Staff on Feb 20, 2018 09:13 PM. Here are the top news stories of the .... Staff on Feb 20, 2018 02:08 PM. Google Pixel 2 XL charging speed drops drastically in lower .... Staff on Feb 17, 2018 11:01 AM. Google Pixel 2, Pixel 2 XL problems just don't seem to have .... Staff on Feb 10, 2018 03:27 PM. The offer kicks of on February 12, and will go on till .... Staff on Feb 08, 2018 09:48 AM. Looks like the problems with Google Pixel smartphones don't .... Google Pixel 2 XL Google Pixel 2 XL-back. Google Pixel 2 XL Google Pixel 2 XL-design. Google Pixel 2 XL Google Pixel 2 XL-colors (2). Write a Review on Google Pixel 2 XL Review: The AI-first smartphone. Samsung Galaxy S9 vs Samsung Galaxy S8: Specifications, features compared #GalaxyS9 … buff.ly/2GJkIxU. Energizer Phone with 16,000mAh battery teased in a video ahead of MWC 2018 launch #MWC18 … bit.ly/2HMlbk4. Samsung Galaxy S9+ with dual rear cameras, dual aperture, AR Emoji feature launched at MWC 2018… twitter.com/i/web/status/9…. 
Hi ( Sign in to bid or buy) Daily Deals Gift Cards Help & Contact Sell. Summary Recently Viewed Bids/Offers Watch List Purchase History Selling Saved Searches Saved Sellers Messages. eBay > Cell Phones & Accessories > Cell Phones & Smartphones. Google Pixel 2 XL - 128GB - Black & White (Unlocked) Smartphone. 5.0 average based on 7 product ratings. Color: Black White Black White Just Black. The lowest-priced brand-new, unused, unopened, undamaged item in its original packaging (where packaging is applicable).Packaging should be the same as what is found in a retail store, unless the item is handmade or was packaged by the manufacturer in non-retail packaging, such as an unprinted box or plastic bag.See details for additional description.. Get it by Sat, Mar 3 - Fri, Mar 9 from New Paltz, New York • New condition • No returns, but backed by eBay Money back guarantee. The phone comes with original box and full warranty. The phone has a clean IMEI number and is factory unlocked to work on any GSM worldwide.. ( 605 ) 97.3% Positive feedback. Current slide {CURRENT_SLIDE} of {TOTAL_SLIDES}- Top picked items. Get it by Sat, Mar 3 - Fri, Mar 9 from New Paltz, New York. item 1 Google Pixel 2 XL - 128GB - Black & White (Unlocked) Smartphone - Google Pixel 2 XL - 128GB - Black & White (Unlocked) Smartphone. item 2 Google Pixel 2 XL 128GB PANDA White Factory UNLOCKED Clean ESN Fast Ship *NEW* - Google Pixel 2 XL 128GB PANDA White Factory UNLOCKED Clean ESN Fast Ship *NEW*. item 3 NEW Google Pixel 2 XL 128GB Black / White Panda UNLOCKED cellphone Phone 6" - NEW Google Pixel 2 XL 128GB Black / White Panda UNLOCKED cellphone Phone 6". item 4 Google Pixel 2 XL - 128GB - Black & White (Unlocked) Smartphone - Google Pixel 2 XL - 128GB - Black & White (Unlocked) Smartphone. item 5 Google Pixel 2 XL - 128GB - Black & White (Unlocked) Smartphone - Google Pixel 2 XL - 128GB - Black & White (Unlocked) Smartphone. item 6 Google Pixel 2 XL - 128GB - Black & White (Unlocked) Smartphone - Google Pixel 2 XL - 128GB - Black & White (Unlocked) Smartphone. Bluetooth, NFC, USB 3.1, USB Type-C, WiFi. by sanmitta Dec 23, 2017. Never experienced this kind of fast smooth fluid Android experience. Even better than my wife's iPhone X.. by lyndohenr_0 Feb 17, 2018. Verified purchase: Yes | Condition: New. by joschica_27 Nov 08, 2017. Verified purchase: Yes | Condition: Pre-owned. Current slide {CURRENT_SLIDE} of {TOTAL_SLIDES}- Explore Buying Guides. How to Choose a Touch Watch to Pair With Your Smartphone. Essential Accessories for the Samsung Google Nexus. Top 8 Most Popular Unlocked Phones. How To Clean USB Port On Samsung Galaxy S2. What Makes the Sony Xperia Miro a Social Smartphone?. How to Extend Battery Life on a Samsung Galaxy S2. Best Selling in Cell Phones & Smartphones. Trending price is based on prices over last 90 days.. Current slide {CURRENT_SLIDE} of {TOTAL_SLIDES}- Best Selling in Cell Phones & Smartphones. Samsung Galaxy S7 SM-G930 - 32GB - Black Onyx (Verizon) Smartphone. $306.99 New $99.95 Used. Samsung Galaxy S7 SM-G930 - 32GB - Gold Platinum (Verizon) Smartphone. $299.99 New $139.99 Used. Samsung Galaxy S8 SM-G950U - 64GB - Midnight Black (Unlocked) Smartphone. $550.00 New $389.99 Used. Samsung Galaxy S6 SM-G920V - 32GB - White Pearl (Verizon) Smartphone. $199.99 New $104.99 Used. Samsung Galaxy S5 SM-G900A - 16GB - Charcoal Black (AT&T) Smartphone. $139.99 New $71.95 Used. Samsung Galaxy S5 SM-G900A - 16GB - Shimmery White (AT&T) Smartphone. $129.99 New $60.00 Used. Samsung Galaxy S8+ SM-G955 - 64GB - Midnight Black (Unlocked) Smartphone. $606.15 New $340.00 Used. Save on Cell Phones & Smartphones. Trending price is based on prices over last 90 days.. Current slide {CURRENT_SLIDE} of {TOTAL_SLIDES}- Save on Cell Phones & Smartphones. Samsung Galaxy S7 G930V 4G LTE 32GB 4RAM 5.1" HD 12MP Android Unlocked Phone NEW. New Samsung Galaxy S7 SM-G930 - 32GB - Gold Platinum (Verizon) Smartphone. Samsung Galaxy S8 SM-G950U - 64GB - Midnight Black (Unlocked) Smartphone. Samsung Galaxy S6 SM-G920V - 32GB - White Pearl (Verizon) Smartphone Unlocked. "NEW" Samsung Galaxy S5 SM-G900A AT&T Unlocked 16GB Phone Shadow - all Colors. Inbox New Samsung Galaxy S5 SM-G900A - 16GB Shimmery White - AT&T - GSM Unlocked. Current slide {CURRENT_SLIDE} of {TOTAL_SLIDES}- You may also like. Unlocked Google Pixel 2 XL 128GB Cell Phones & Smartphones. Google Pixel Unlocked 128GB Cell Phones & Smartphones. Unlocked 128GB Google Pixel XL Cell Phones & Smartphones. Unlocked Google Pixel 2 128GB Cell Phones & Smartphones. 128GB Google Pixel 2 Cell Phones & Smartphones. Unlocked for Google Pixel XL Cell Phones & Smartphones. This item doesn't belong on this page.. Site Map Copyright © 1995-2018 eBay Inc. Accessibility , User Agreement , Privacy , Cookies and AdChoice Norton Secured - powered by Verisign. 
Opinions expressed by Forbes Contributors are their own.. The Pixel 2 XL has started its life under a cloud of controversy, most of which is focussed around the display. But is the dull-coloured, blue-tinted display a deal breaker? Or does the outstanding camera and battery life mitigate a sketchy screen? Take a look at my eight observations about Google’s Pixel 2 XL.. The display problems, at this stage, are well documented. The issues are myriad: a blue tint when the display is viewed at an angle, screen burn, intermittent flashing and dull colours.. The colour issue will be ‘solved’ (Google says the dull colours are intentional to look more realistic) with an update that lets users toggle colour vibrancy and fix any screen burn problems. The other problems, Google says, well aren’t a problem - and that it’s happy with its display technology. Those that have complained on Reddit and product forums think otherwise, however.. For me, the blue shift is annoying and the intermittent flashing has since stopped. But with the most expensive model retailing at $949, " annoying" isn’t something you should have to put up with.. As a way of placating those concerned about screen issues, Google has extended the warranty for both Pixel 2 devices. So if something does crop up, or if the blue tint suddenly irks you 12 months in, you’ll have an extra year to get a replacement or fix.. Considering Google managed to pull this off without the need for a second lens, the pictures the Pixel 2 produces in Portrait mode are impressive. I’ve taken some professional looking shots with next to no effort, take a look below.. Portrait mode on the Pixel 2 XL is excellent.. I’ve noticed some blurring around the edges of the subject on some images, but the overall effect has been outstanding. Elsewhere, the camera itself if the best I’ve ever used on a smartphone. Detailed, sharp, bright pictures are a quick press away. There’s a reasonable amount of additional controls to tweak shots, but I’d still prefer more LG-level manual controls like setting the shutter speed and ISO.. I’m getting the best battery I’ve had on an Android device since the early Sony Xperia days. On average, I’m comfortably getting over 24 hours from a single full charge with medium usage (browsing, music, some gaming and messaging). On occasion my Pixel 2 Xl will stray into 28, 30 hour territory if I’m conservative. How long this lasts is another question, but out of the box, this is seriously impressive lasting power.. Android 8 was a disaster update for Pixel owners who rely on Bluetooth. Hundreds of complaints on Google’s product forums and Reddit explained how Bluetooth no longer worked properly after installing the new OS.. Most of the issues center around Android Auto, with users unable to either connect or play music in their car via their Pixel. But some have reported headphone issues too, which is a big concern considering that the Pixel 2 has no headphone jack.. These issues will likely continue in the Pixel 2. An update will be rolled out to fix these issues in “November or early December” a Google spokesperson told me.. See the full scale of the audio problems here .. Pixel Lens doesn’t work very well. Pixel Lens, a feature that analyses a picture and finds relevant information, was both played up during the launch presentation and then played down at the hands-on demo.. Google Lens can't spot its own sibling.. Having attempted to use the feature multiple times, I know why. It doesn’t work very well, and many times it didn’t work at all. To be fair, a Google rep told me that it’s still early days for Lens.. But it’s a feature embedded on the Pixel 2 and is marketed as part of the device’s allure. Unfortunately, it's not quite ready for the primetime.. Assistant still has limited real world use to me. The data collected and permissions needed to make full use of Assistant are not balanced by the end product. Assistant, for me, still has little value outside of setting reminders and alarms.. Sure, I appreciate the calendar prompts and weather updates on the home screen - or squeezing the phone to ask a question. But this isn’t exactly game-changing AI. The entire system is built on commands - the idea is to make your life easier by simply asking a question and Assistant doing the leg work.. But the reality is you’ll be searching your thoughts for the right command to properly activate Assistant like you’re on a TV gameshow. Questions like ‘take me to work’ yield a YouTube video, or ‘get me to work’ produces a search result. I’ve had sporadic success asking for train and movie times, but little else. Frustratedly asking the same question six different ways is no time saver.. Despite the screen woes, the Pixel 2 XL is still an all-rounder. If you’re a long-term Nexus user, you’ll know that Google’s products are, on balance, very decent devices. If you tot up the pros and cons, the Pixel 2 XL still comes out a net positive. The battery life, camera, design, stock Android and performance are all excellent, with a (partial) display and Bluetooth fix on the way.. The question is, is it worth buying over the iPhone X ?. Jay McGregor is the editor-in-chief of a new documentary publication called Point. He also reports for The Guardian, TechRadar, BBC Radio and others. 
Menu Login Sign Up. Find the Best Cell Phone and Plan for You. Wirefly helps you save on cell phones and plans by offering innovative comparison tools so consumers can make educated choices. Compare Phones and Plans Compare Cell Phones. How Much Data Do I Need. Wirefly helps you save on Internet service by offering innovative comparison tools to compare Internet providers in your area.. Compare Internet by ZIP Code Compare Internet & TV Bundles Compare Business Internet. Test your current internet connection with our speed test and see what services your provider can handle. Find out your download speed, upload speed, latency, and more.. Test Your Internet Speed Internet Speed Test. Compare Cell Phones > LG. Purchase with a plan or or. Motorola RAZR V3 Dolce & Gabbana. DROID RAZR MAXX HD by Motorola. The Google Pixel 2 XL is a 4G LTE smartphone with a 6-inch QHD pOLED Always-On display with 2880x1440 resolution and 441ppi. From within, the phone runs on a 2.35GHz Octa-Core Qualcomm Snapdragon 835 processor with 4GB of RAM. There is an internal storage option of either 64GB or 128GB. On the back of the phone is a 12.2-megapixel sensor with 4K video recording, an f/1.8 aperture, optical + electronic image stabilization, and dual pixel phase detection. A secondary 8-megapixel camera can be found in front of the device and can record 1080p videos. The device also includes a 2700mAh battery, Pixel Imprint sensor, IP67 water and dust resistance, and Daydream-ready. Upon release, the phone runs Android 8.0.0 Oreo OS and is available in two colors: Just Black and Black & White.. Looks like there are no reviews yet, be the first to write one now.. Sort by Oldest Latest Negative Positive. Plans Unlocked Specs Media Reviews Deals. - Any - 0 5KB 50MB 30MB 100MB 125MB 150MB 200MB 250MB 300MB 334MB 350MB 375MB 400MB 500MB 600MB 625MB 700MB 800MB 834MB 900MB 938MB 1GB 1.2GB 1.5GB 1.6GB 2GB 2.03GB 2.5GB 3GB 3.7GB 4GB 5GB 6GB 6.1GB 7GB 7.3GB 8GB 8.5GB 9GB 10GB 11GB 12GB 13GB 14GB 15GB 16GB 18GB 20GB 22GB 23GB 24GB 25GB 30GB 32GB 35GB 40GB 50GB 60GB 80GB 85GB 100GB 120GB 150GB 200GB Unlimited. - Any - AT&T Atlantis Telecom Boost Mobile Cricket SpeedTalk Mobile BOOM Mobile CREDO Mobile GIV Mobile MetroPCS Net10 Pix Wireless Project Fi Pure TalkUSA Red Pocket Mobile ROK Mobile Republic Wireless Sprint Straight Talk Ting T-Mobile TextNow Tello Teltik TPO Mobile Twigby US Mobile Verizon Wireless Virgin Mobile. - Any - Monthly/No Contract Prepaid. Sort by: Price Carrier Minutes Data. Google Pixel 2 and Pixel XL 2: What To Expect. Everything we can expect to see featured in Google's upcoming flagship smartphones.. Google Pixel 2 XL: What's New?. Beau HD unboxes Google's new Pixel 2 XL and provides a first look at the device.. How Bad Is the Google Pixel 2 XL's Display?. Several concerns have been raised about the Google Pixel 2 XL's display. Some users are reporting a blue tint when viewing the display at an angle, while others are reporting unusually dull colors.. The October installment of "Best Tech." While we typically focus on smartphones, our "Best Tech" series expands our scope of interest and lets us to take a look at the various devices our smartphones can control.. LG V30 vs Google Pixel 2 XL. We compare the LG V30 against the Pixel 2 XL to see which device is right for you.. Google Pixel 2 XL Review: Still Great, Even With a Subpar Display. The Pixel 2 XL is one of the best smartphones we've ever used.. A speed test between the Apple iPhone X, Google Pixel 2 XL and Samsung Galaxy Note 8.. We highlight five of our favorite smartphones of 2017 along with several others that didn't quite make the "Top 5" list.. Expert Review User reviews. Save $100 on Moto X4 Now: $299.99 and Free 2 Day Shipping.. 25% off Moto Mods and Free 2 Day Shipping on Orders $75+.. Up to $50 off Moto G5s Plus from $249.99 and Free 2 Day Shipping.. Up to $40 off Moto G5 Plus from $209.99 and Free 2 Day Shipping.. Up to $30 off the Moto E4 Plus Was: $179.99 Now: $149.99 and Free 2 Day Shipping.. Deal of the Day: 61% off a Tower Paddle Boards Adventurer 2 Inflatable SUP Package Was: $1279 Now: $499.. Up to $300 off Google Pixel 2XL. Get $20 off select Google Pixel 2/XL cases.. No credit check - 2 Unlimited Lines Now: $100 Family Plans.. ZTE ZFIVE 2 Was: $39.99 Now: $19.99.. Google Lens lands on other non.... Google: Over 40 phone and carr.... Galaxy S9 could hit stores on.... LG to announce new models of K.... Report: Verizon is tops in App.... Apple rolls out fix for messag.... Compare The Best VoIP Service Provi.... Gmail on iPhone Not Working and How.... Siri Not Working On iPhone And How.... How To Switch Cell Phone Carriers. Bitmoji Not Working on iPhone and H.... Find the Best Cell Phone and Plan for You. Wirefly helps you save on cell phones and plans by offering innovative comparison tools so consumers can make educated choices. Find The Best TV and Internet Providers For You. Paying too much for Internet or TV service? Use our tool to compare Internet providers, TV providers, and bundled services.. LG V30+ AT&T Cingular Flip 2 ZTE Blade Force LG K20 BLU S1 BLU Vivo 8L ZTE Blade Vantage Android One Moto X4 ZTE Axon M Alcatel OneTouch Flint. Wirefly Is America's Most Trusted Source For All Cell Phones, Plans, TV, and Internet Deals. Wirefly offers great deals on a large selection of smartphones, cell phones, tablets, mobile hotspots, and other wireless devices for the nation's most popular carriers. Use Wirefly’s innovative cell phone and plan comparison tools to ensure you are getting the best deal on the market. Shop with confidence knowing that Wirefly wants to help you find the best prices on cell phones, cell phone plans, TV, and Internet service.. Privacy Policy | Term of Use | Contact | About Us. WireFly.com © 2018 All Rights Reserved. 
CNET también está disponible en español.. Pixel 2, XL hands-on: Squeezable sides and a souped-up camera. Google's next-gen Pixels are here, with a single rear camera and no headphone jack.. October 6, 2017 5:00 AM PDT. Pixel 2 and Pixel 2 XL: Prices and sale date. Google Pixel 2, Pixel 2 XL pricing. Pixel 2 XL: What's the difference? Google Pixel 2 vs. No headphone jack, but the Pixel 2s are waterproof. Single-lens, with 'better' portrait mode and OIS. Google widened the camera's aperture from f2 to f1.8. This lets in a tiny bit more light, which is everything in photography. ( Editors' Note : This was corrected on October 5, 2017 .) Motion Photos (similar to the iPhone's Live Photos) records a video for 1.5 seconds before and after a single shot. It then trims them and loops them into a GIF-ish, "live" picture. Google claims that it improved its HDR+ in the Pixel 2 with increased dynamic range and better noise reduction.. The camera is optimized and calibrated to support AR and comes with AR stickers. They work like regular photo stickers you add to your photos and video, but they're 3D elements and characters that move around and interact in real-life environments. Like last year, Google is offering unlimited cloud-storage for photos. Photos will be stored at their original resolution (that includes 4K video). But it's only until the end of 2020. After that, any new photos/videos you take will be stored in high resolution, which might not necessarily be full resolution. More things to know about the Pixel 2 and 2 XL: They run Android Oreo 8.0.. Music Detection is a Pixel-exclusive feature that runs continuously in the background. Whenever the phone picks up a song (for example, in a store or a car), it'll look up the artist and song and list it on your lockscreen. Tap the listing and Assistant will show you options to buy the track on Google Play or watch the YouTube video. This feature works offline and on Airplane Mode, but if you're uncomfortable with your phone "always listening" you can disable it.. The Google Search bar has been moved from the top of the phone to the bottom. In its place is At a Glance, which displays pertinent info about your day like calendar events, traffic, flight status and more. The phone has an Always On lockscreen, showing missed notifications and messages even when the screen is off.. The Pixels supports Google's ARCore for AR/VR content developers and is compatible with Google's AR/VR platform Daydream.. Google's new Pixel phones, the Pixel 2 and Pixel 2 XL, are ready to square off against the. The smaller-sized Pixel 2 has a 5-inch OLED screen, while the larger Pixel 2 XL comes with a 6-inch display. These two Android Oreo phones are Google's high-end devices for the leadup into 2018, and so far, we like what we see.. In some ways, the Pixel 2 phones buck today's biggest trends. They don't have super-thin bezels and dual cameras like the competition (but Google says it's tech's so good, it only needs one camera anyway ). In other ways, the Pixel 2s fit right in with the latest crazes, by adding water resistance and showing off an uncommon extra -- in this case, squeezable sides. They also shake off the headphone jack, a divisive move that. Pixel 2 and 2 XL: Better camera but no headphone jack. Pixel 2 and 2 XL photos: Feast your eyes. These Pixels are also the first phones to launch with Google Lens , a camera feature we loved when we first learned of it back in May.. (They're not, however, the first to launch with Oreo; that's the Sony Xperia XZ1 .). To Google, the new Pixels' most important feature is the camera, which is a huge buying factor for many. The same camera appears in both the Pixel 2 and Pixel 2 XL, and Google hopes it can top the best-in-class low-light photography of last year's Pixel and beat out the fine-detail quality and portrait modes of phones that have two camera lenses. All while doing the work with just one camera -- that's right, neither of the new phones have dual cameras.. Google Pixel 2, XL take on iPhone X with squeezable sides. Google Home Mini: $49 smart speaker coming October 19. See all of our Google coverage. The Pixel 2 and 2 XL are pivotal for Google. As the second generation of the Pixel family, their success will cement Google's place in the playing field, and validate Google's $1.1 billion deal to buy Pixel talent from struggling phone maker HTC. On the other hand, if Pixel 2 sales sag, it could mean more Android fans are switching to other phones in the extremely important holiday season -- and away from Google's "pure" vision of Android.. As always, it's impossible to say how good the Pixel 2s are after only seeing them for a brief time. We do like what we've seen of the camera improvements, like better portrait shots and OIS (optical image stabilization). But the competition is fierce, from the iPhone 8 and iPhone X to the Note 8, LG V30 and even the midprice champ, the. OnePlus 5 , all of which also have great cameras and impressive, high-end specs. Google Pixel 2 XL specs versus iPhone X, Galaxy Note 8 and LG V30 ).. We'll compare the Pixel 2 and 2 XL to those other heavy-hitters once we get them in for review. For now however, Google hopes that small software upgrades, a powerful camera and Google's brand cachet are enough to sway buyers looking for strong alternatives to the Apple and Samsung mainstream.. Behold, Google's next-gen Pixel is here.. Pixel 2 really is the mythic Google Phone. You can preorder both phones starting Wednesday, Oct. 4, in the US and UK. The Pixel 2 comes in three colors: Kinda Blue, Just Black and Clearly White, and the Pixel 2 XL has two color variants: Just Black and Black and White (which reminds us of a tuxedo, a penguin or a panda, depending on our mood).. In the US, they'll be available in retail stores by Oct. 19 and you can buy them through Verizon, the Google Store, Project Fi and Best Buy. The Pixel 2 costs $649 (64GB) or $749 (128GB). The Pixel 2 XL costs $849 (64GB) or $949 (128GB).. If you preorder the Pixel, Google is offering a special bundle that gets you the new. Google Home Mini device for free, in some countries like the US.. The main difference between the Pixel 2 and Pixel 2 XL is size. Neither is more "advanced" than the other. But the Pixel 2 XL has a higher screen resolution and pixel density. It has a bigger battery to accommodate the larger screen, too.. Just Black, Cleary White, Kinda Blue. For anyone hoping against hope that the Pixel 2 phones will keep the headphone jack, I have some sad news. Alas, like the recent Apple iPhones and Motorola Motos, the Pixel 2 phones don't have headphone jacks. (This is especially amusing given that Google originally touted the Pixel with a "3.5mm headphone jack" that is " satisfyingly not new ."). The company said there were many reasons it lopped off the jack (it makes the phones thinner, allows for a bigger battery, more people are listening using wireless headphones anyway, and so on). It will include an adapter in the box though, and Google is selling its own pair of wireless headphones called Pixel Buds. Still, the lack of headphone jack can be a deal breaker for some, especially since carrying around a dongle is annoying.. Like Apple's iPhone, Google did away with the headphone jack with the Pixel 2.. It's not all bad news, though. Both audio speakers have been moved to the front now (which probably contributes to the thick bezels) and the phones are now water-resistant. Satisfying IP67 waterproof standards, they can be submerged in about 3 feet (1 meter) of water for up to 30 minutes, meaning you'll have one less thing to worry about at the beach or pool.. Overall, the Pixel 2 phones look like a tidier, cleaner version of last year's phones. There are fewer lines and visible bands going around the phones, and the glass shade on the back (which is now made out of the more durable Corning Gorilla Glass 5) is better integrated, running right up to the phones' edges. But unlike last year there's a camera bump now, and the top bezel and bottom chin on the Pixel 2 are especially thick. This isn't a huge deal, but now that thin bezels are in, this makes the phone look slightly dated.. The PIxel 2 now has OIS.. The Pixel 2 phones don't have a dual-camera setup, unlike most major flagship phones, with the exception of the Galaxy S8 , though the more recent Note 8 has two rear shooters. But Google insists that its single-lens camera is still the best around , and its Portrait Mode feature, renamed from last year's Lens Blur, works just as smooth with one lens as other phones that use two.. Using a combination of facial algorithms and a depth-mapping image sensor, the Pixel 2's camera renders blurred backgrounds for a dramatic, short depth-of-field effect. When we used Lens Blur last year, it was patchy and wasn't impressive at all. It'll be interesting to test how Google will execute it this time around, while still using a single lens, albeit with more advanced tech. You can take bokeh images with the front-facing camera too, but because only the facial training is built into that shooter, it will only work on faces and not objects.. Google also added lots of tech for image stabilization. In addition to optical image stabilization (OIS) for photos and video, the camera uses data from the gyroscope and peeks at the video frame ahead to stabilize footage. When we took a look at it applied to a video of a person tumbling down a sand dune, footage looked steady and smooth, without that dreamy, drone-like effect we noticed on the original Pixel.. Testing Portrait Mode on the rear- (left) and front-facing (right) camera.. Google Assistant debuted in last year's Pixels and now there's a whole new way to launch it on the Pixel 2s: squeezing the phones' sides with your hand.. Introduced during Google I/O, Lens can also make signing onto Wi-Fi networks super easy.. This takes a page from this year's HTC U11 , with a difference. While you could squeeze the U11's edges in a long or short press to launch just about any app of your choosing, the Pixel 2 only opens Assistant with a short squeeze. (Well, you can squeeze the Pixel 2's sides to quiet the ringer if it goes off, but that's pretty much it.) After Assistant opens, you can then tell it to do other things like snap a selfie or play music.. In addition, both Assistant and the camera's Photo app are integrated with Google Lens. Introduced at Google I/O earlier this year, Lens scans what it sees through your camera lens to tell you more about the world around you. It's a lot like Samsung's Bixby Vision app on the Galaxy S8 and Note 8.. For instance, say you're at the Edvard Munch exhibition at the San Francisco Museum of Modern Art. If you wanted to know more about the painting "Moonlight," take a photo of it (if the museum lets you, that is), tap the Lens icon and Lens will call up info about it. It works on art, landmarks, books and it can scan business cards to autopopulate a Contacts card. Lens will debut first in the Pixel 2 and 2 XL through Photos and then Assistant, but will roll out to other Android devices afterward.. Does the Pixel 2 and 2 XL have enough pull to interest new users?. Google Pixel 2 event live : Watch the livestream of Google's press conference. Everything Google just announced : Every story from Google's Pixel 2 event. Be respectful, keep it clean and stay on topic. We delete comments that violate our policy , which we encourage you to read. Discussion threads can be closed at any time at our discretion.. Homeland Security's tall order: A hacker-free election. CNET may earn fees when you click through to a partner site.. 
The Guardian - Back to home. What term do you want to search?. The Google Pixel 2 XL is the best big-screen Android experience you can buy right now, but will it be enough to tempt users away from Apple’s iPhone?. Photograph: Samuel Gibbs for the Guardian. Google Pixel 2 XL review: the best big-screened Android experience yet. The fastest and smoothest Google Android device has a cracking camera, squeezable sides, great battery life and baked-in AI. Tue 17 Oct 2017 14.00. Last modified on Mon 4 Dec 2017 09.31. The aluminium body has a textured coating that keeps fingerprints at bay and aids grip, while the fingerprint scanner is easily reached with your index finger on the back. Photograph: Samuel Gibbs for the Guardian. Screen: 6in QHD+ pOLED (538ppi). Processor: octa-core Qualcomm Snapdragon 835. Operating system: Android 8.0 Oreo. Camera: 12.2MP rear camera with OIS, 8MP front-facing camera. Connectivity: LTE, Wi-Fi, NFC, eSIM, Bluetooth 5 and GPS. Dimensions: 157.9 x 76.7 x 7.9 mm. The USB-C port is in the bottom of the phone for charging and transferring data, but as there’s no headphone jack it also has to double as an audio out using the adapter included. Photograph: Samuel Gibbs for the Guardian. Hook up your own phone with the included cable or the cable that came with it and the USB-to-USB-C adapter to transfer your data. Photograph: Samuel Gibbs for the Guardian. The Now Playing feature identifies music in the background and shows you the artist and track on the ambient display. Photograph: Samuel Gibbs for the Guardian. ‘Simply brilliant’ … the 12.2-megapixel rear camera on the Pixel 2 XL. Photograph: Samuel Gibbs for the Guardian. Photograph: Samuel Gibbs for the Guardian. There’s no headphone socket, but Google bundles a USB-C to 3.5mm adapter in the box. Setting up the Pixel 2 XL using a cable to another Android smartphone or iPhone is great, rapidly transferring media, text messages, apps and settings. Google Lens recognises landmarks from photos surprisingly well, even relatively obscure local landmarks, and will pick up phone numbers, URLs and identifies media artwork. Unlimited full-resolution photo and video backup to Google Photos is included with the Pixel smartphones. Google Assistant has much tighter integration into apps on the Pixel 2 XL, so you can command it to perform device actions from taking a selfie to opening the Guardian in Chrome. The Pixel 2 XL is water resistant to IP67 standards (immersion to a depth of 1m) matching the iPhone 8 Plus , not the higher IP68 rating (1.5m depth) of the Samsung Galaxy S8+. Google’s live wallpapers are beautiful, and come with elements of motion such as waves lapping at a shore. The stereo speakers are good, making watching videos on the big and wide 6in screen great, but they lack bass. The always-on ambient display is easy to read even outdoors. Photograph: Samuel Gibbs for the Guardian. Samsung Galaxy S8+ review: the best plus-sized screen you can buy. Samsung Galaxy S8 review: the future of smartphones. OnePlus 5 review: as fast and smooth as 2016’s Google Pixel, without the price tag. HTC U11 review: the first squeezable phone. iPhone 8 Plus review: still massive – but not in a good way. G oogle’s direct challenger to the iPhone 8 Plus and upcoming iPhone X is the Pixel 2 XL, and you may be blown away by the sheer speed of the thing.. The Android-maker has removed the gloves, thrown down the jacket and is seemingly ready for a straight-up fight with Apple, despite the ramifications of inevitably competing directly with Google’s partners such as Samsung and other key Android smartphone manufacturers.. The Pixel 2 XL is one of the more unique looking devices in recent memory. It’s available in all black or an attractive black-and-white combo where the body is white and the “visor” top glass section is black. There’s a fairly large camera lens that sticks out a little bit out of the visor, a fingerprint scanner placed on the back where the index finger naturally rests and a small G logo near the bottom. It’s a simple but good-looking design.. The front is all glass, with rounded edges and a pair of stereo speakers at the top and bottom. Pressing the power button reveals an elongated 18:9 ratio 6in QHD+ display, which looks great, matching the vibrancy and black levels of the top-end Samsung S8. Unfortunately the same cannot be said of the bezels with a relatively large gap between the sides of the device and the screen.. At 76.7mm wide, the 6in Pixel 2 XL is 3.3mm wider than the 6.2in Galaxy S8+ but 1.4mm narrower than the 5.5in iPhone 8 Plus. It’s also 2g heavier than the S8+ but 27g lighter than the iPhone 8 Plus, which you can really feel in the hand.. In fact, the Pixel 2 XL is one of the easiest large smartphones to hold. The screen and back curve round to flat sides and rounded corners, which provide comfortable in-hand feel and an assured grip. The so called “hybrid coating” on the aluminium body adds texture, feels durable and aids grip too.. The Pixel 2 XL has all the high-end hardware you might expect in a 2017 flagship phone: Qualcomm’s top-of-the-line Snapdragon 835 processor, 4GB of memory, 64GB or more of storage and a fairly large, fast-charging battery.. But it’s clear that not all Android smartphones are born equal. The Pixel 2 XL is the fastest-feeling smartphone I’ve ever used. Switching between apps using a double-tap on the overview button is instant. The fingerprint scanner on the back is super quick. Even big, intensive games load faster than any other Android device; it’s really quite impressive.. I easily got a full day of use out of the Pixel 2 XL. Taking lots of photos, watching videos, receiving loads of emails and message notifications, browsing the internet over a mix of wifi and 4G, as well as a couple of hours of listening to music via Bluetooth headphones and quick spot of gaming, I would get to bed with at least 40% battery left, for a total of around 31 hours battery life.. The battery would drop by only 1% in eight hours overnight, compared to around 4% from the best of the competition, which was impressive. Google’s Oreo and software optimisations for the Pixel 2 XL focused on battery life clearly work. I would expect those who only use their smartphones intermittently throughout the day to see much better battery life compared to most of the competition, easily reaching two days.. A full charge takes around 100 minutes using a fast USB-C Power Delivery charger (one is included in the box, but any that charge a computer will do too). Charging the first 40% took around 30 minutes, which would last at least half a day.. The Pixel 2 XL is one of the first new smartphones to ship with the latest iteration of Android 8 Oreo, which is the most refined version yet. Most of the changes are under the hood, helping to prolong battery life and preserve snappy performance.. Google also now has plenty of Pixel-specific features. The most obvious is the tighter integration of Google Assistant into the device. The home screen now has the Google search bar at the bottom and an intelligent widget at the top of the screen that displays the date, upcoming calendar appointments, traffic conditions and the weather. Google says this top widget will get smarter as time goes on with new features to be added with updates, but users cannot remove it – an unusual and possibly controversial situation for an Android device, which normally pride themselves on the ability to customise pretty much everything.. It’s clear that Google has spent a lot of time optimising all the various bits and pieces of Android and the Pixel software. The raw feeling of speed is one element, but it also all feels incredibly smooth. Animations are fast but highly detailed and fluid. There’s a level of consistency and performance that is difficult to find away from Apple’s iOS, which is exactly what Google – as the Android maker – should be able to do, and needs to do to compete with the iPhone.. The other big element of the Pixel 2 XL over most other smartphones is the increasing level of smarts being built into the device. Google is baking machine-learning or AI directly into the device in the form of dedicated chips and software, performing functions that would usually require an internet connection the cloud.. The Pixel 2 XL’s fun little Now Playing feature is a good example. It performs like the app Shazam , identifying tracks and artists from music playing around you, but does so locally using a built-in updating database of around 100,000 songs. It happens in the background popping up as a small notification at the bottom of the always-on display and in the notification shade should you wish to add that track to your Spotify or similar library. Google says this is just the beginning of its local AI plans, which should be both faster and help preserve privacy as nothing is sent to a server.. The Pixel also has pressure-sensitive sides, like the HTC U11. Squeeze the bottom of the phone and it’ll launch Google Assistant even when the screen is off. To my British sensibilities, it’s a much better way of getting to the Google Assistant than the awkward wake word “OK Google”.. The 12.2-megapixel rear camera on the Pixel 2 XL is simply brilliant, producing some of the best photos I’ve ever captured using a smartphone, which are full of detail, even in the dark areas of otherwise bright scenes.. Low light performance is also excellent, making just about any off-the-cuff photo look good. There aren’t any real manual controls, with focus and exposure lock or compensation about it, but that’s absolutely fine for most people.. The eight-megapixel selfie camera is also the best in the business, capturing more detail and with better lighting than any other I have tried. Some may find the level of detail a little unflattering, capturing anything and everything including patches of dry skin and wrinkles, but they can always be smoothed out after the fact. Google offers a mode that helps smooth skin for selfies, which worked quite well without making people look like they’re wearing makeup applied with a trowel.. The motion stills – which are essentially Google’s version of Apple’s Live Photos – were surprisingly good, just capturing interesting elements of motion. It’s still a bit of a gimmick but caught a few surprises in group photos and selfies here and there.. Google has developed a version of the popular Portrait Mode that does not require a dual camera setup like the competition. Instead Google uses the dual-pixel system of a single camera to gain depth information, which means it works on both the rear and selfie cameras. It uses depth-sensing to identify the subject and artificially blur the background for a pleasing bokeh effect, and was easily as good as Apple’s system on the iPhone 8 Plus just without the 2x zoom, only tripping up on glass objects. It also handled fine detail such as wisps of hair better than most others.. The Pixel 2 XL costs £799 with 64GB of storage or £899 with 128GB of storage and are exclusive to EE ( buy here ), Carphone Warehouse ( buy here ) and the Google Store in the UK.. For comparison, the 6.2in Samsung Galaxy S8+ costs around £680 with 64GB of storage (£779 at launch), the 5.8in Galaxy S8 with 64GB costs under £540 (£689 at launch), the 6.3in Galaxy Note 8 with 64GB costs under £820 (£869 at launch), the 5.5in OnePlus 5 with 64GB costs £449 and the 5.5in iPhone 8 Plus with 64GB costs £799. Apple’s upcoming 5.8in iPhone X with 64GB of storage will cost £999.. There is no question that the Google Pixel 2 XL is the best Android experience money can buy. It is the fastest-feeling, slickest and smoothest Android has ever been, putting it well on par with the quality of iOS.. The Pixel 2 XL also one of the more interesting looking devices, but does not push the boundaries of phone design quite like the minimal bezels of the Samsung Galaxy S8. That’s not to say it looks like a phone from 2016 or earlier, but it doesn’t quite have the same feeling when you hit the power button and you see the screen doesn’t completely fill the front. The lack of a headphone socket and wireless charging is disappointing.. The battery life is great, the camera is absolutely fantastic, the screen looks good, the front-facing speakers are loud and crisp, and the textured body is easy to grip. As an overall package the Google Pixel 2 XL is the best big smartphone of the moment, but I’m not sure it’ll be enough to tempt iPhone users away from Apple. It’s quite expensive, but is still a full £200 cheaper than the upcoming iPhone X, and similar to Samsung’s Galaxy S8+ .. If you were contemplating a big top-end smartphone, the Pixel 2 XL should be in your top three at least, which should have everyone but Samsung and Apple very worried.. Pros: very fast, long battery life, great screen, squeezable sides, latest version of Android and rapid updates, interesting built-in AI, water resistant, fantastic camera, unlimited photo and video backup. Cons: expensive, no expandable storage or removable battery, no headphone jack, no wireless charging. This article contains affiliate links to products. Our journalism is independent and is never written to promote these products although we may earn a small commission if a reader makes a purchase.. © 2018 Guardian News and Media Limited or its affiliated companies. 
Find the Best Cell Phone and Plan for You. PhoneDog's innovative comparison tool can help you save on cell phones and plans. Find the best phone and plan for you today with PhoneDog!. Compare Phones and Plans Compare Cell Phones. Trending: iPhone 8. f g+ t yt. The Google Pixel 2 XL is a rugged 4G LTE smartphone that comes with a 6-inch QHD pOLED display with a resolution of 2880x1440, 441ppi, and Always-On technology. From within, the phone runs on a 2.35GHz Octa-Core Qualcomm Snapdragon 835 processor with 4GB of RAM and onboard storage selection of 64GB or 128GB. Camera-wise, the phone has a 12.2-megapixel sensor with 4K video recording. There is an 8-megapixel camera that can be found in front of the device for selfies and video calls with 1080p video recording. The phone includes a 2700mAh battery, M4/T3 hearing aid rating, Daydream-ready, and Pixel Imprint sensor. It runs on Android 8.0 Oreo OS upon unboxing. Color ranges from Just Black and Black & White.. See Available Plans or get it unlocked here. Apple iPad mini with Retina Display. Apple iPad mini with Retina display 16GB Silver. DROID RAZR MAXX HD by Motorola. Motorola RAZR V3 Dolce & Gabbana. Plans Unlocked Specs Media Reviews Deals. - Any - AT&T Atlantis Telecom Boost Mobile Cricket Credo Mobile SpeedTalk Mobile BOOM Mobile MetroPCS Net10 Pix Wireless Pure TalkUSA Red Pocket Mobile ROK Mobile Republic Wireless Sprint Straight Talk Ting T-Mobile TextNow Tello Teltik TPO Mobile Twigby US Mobile Verizon Wireless Virgin Mobile. - Any - Monthly/No Contract Prepaid. Sort by: Price Carrier Minutes Data. Google Pixel 2 and Pixel XL 2: What To Expect. Everything we can expect to see featured in Google's upcoming flagship smartphones.. Google Pixel 2 XL: What's New?. Beau HD unboxes Google's new Pixel 2 XL and provides a first look at the device.. How Bad Is the Google Pixel 2 XL's Display?. Several concerns have been raised about the Google Pixel 2 XL's display. Some users are reporting a blue tint when viewing the display at an angle, while others are reporting unusually dull colors.. The October installment of "Best Tech." While we typically focus on smartphones, our "Best Tech" series expands our scope of interest and lets us to take a look at the various devices our smartphones can control.. LG V30 vs Google Pixel 2 XL. We compare the LG V30 against the Pixel 2 XL to see which device is right for you.. Google Pixel 2 XL Review: Still Great, Even With a Subpar Display. The Pixel 2 XL is one of the best smartphones we've ever used.. A speed test between the Apple iPhone X, Google Pixel 2 XL and Samsung Galaxy Note 8.. We highlight five of our favorite smartphones of 2017 along with several others that didn't quite make the "Top 5" list.. Expert Review User reviews. Limited Time Offer on Buy 3 Amazon Cloud Cams, Save $70 with code 3CLOUDCAM Use Code: 3CLOUDCAM. Ellipsis 10 HD tablet, just $99.99 w/new 2 yr activation. Save $100 on Moto X4 Now: $299.99 and Free 2 Day Shipping.. 40% off Google Mini, plus free shipping!.. 25% off Moto Mods and Free 2 Day Shipping on Orders $75+.. Up to $50 off Moto G5s Plus from $249.99 and Free 2 Day Shipping.. Up to $40 off Moto G5 Plus from $209.99 and Free 2 Day Shipping.. Up to $30 off the Moto E4 Plus Was: $179.99 Now: $149.99 and Free 2 Day Shipping.. Google Pixel as low as $5/month, plus free shipping. Deal of the Day: 61% off a Tower Paddle Boards Adventurer 2 Inflatable SUP Package Was: $1279 Now: $499.. LG V30+ AT&T Cingular Flip 2 ZTE Blade Force LG K20. Looks like there are no reviews yet, be the first to write one now.. Sort by Oldest Latest Negative Positive. OFFICIAL SMARTPHONE RANKINGS Please Login/Register to Vote. Select the amount of total data you need for the entire plan.. For example, if you need 2 lines with 1 GB of data each, you would select 2 GB of data with the data slider below.. - Any - 0 5KB 50MB 30MB 100MB 125MB 150MB 200MB 250MB 300MB 334MB 350MB 375MB 400MB 500MB 600MB 625MB 700MB 800MB 834MB 900MB 938MB 1GB 1.2GB 1.5GB 1.6GB 2GB 2.03GB 2.5GB 3GB 3.7GB 4GB 5GB 6GB 6.1GB 7GB 7.3GB 8GB 8.5GB 9GB 10GB 11GB 12GB 13GB 14GB 15GB 16GB 18GB 20GB 22GB 23GB 24GB 25GB 30GB 32GB 35GB 40GB 50GB 60GB 80GB 85GB 100GB 120GB 150GB 200GB Unlimited. BLU Vivo X Review: BLU's Most Appealing Smartphone Yet!. 4 days 14 hours ago. Android 8.0 Oreo on the OnePlus 5T. 5 days 12 hours ago. 1 week 11 hours ago. The OnePlus 5T Competitor You Haven't Heard About. 1 week 3 days ago. People's Choice Expert's Choice. OFFICIAL SMARTPHONE RANKINGS Please Login/Register to Vote. OFFICIAL SMARTPHONE RANKINGS Please Login/Register to Vote. OFFICIAL SMARTPHONE RANKINGS Please Login/Register to Vote. OFFICIAL SMARTPHONE RANKINGS Please Login/Register to Vote. OFFICIAL SMARTPHONE RANKINGS Please Login/Register to Vote. PHONEDOG PHONEDOG MEDIA FAMILY Phonedog - Cell Phone News TmoNews - The Unofficial T-Mobile Blog AndroidAndMe - Everything Android. PhoneDog Media is home to PhoneDog, Android & Me, TmoNews, and TodaysiPhone. The network receives 2.5 million unique visitors and 10 million pageviews each month, along with a combined three million video views on YouTube.. While the name is jovial, the PhoneDog Media network offers up a wealth of written and video content to help readers make important decisions about mobile technology.. Established in 2001, PhoneDog Media is a privately owned and operated company.. Company Home Privacy Policy Term of Use Contact About Us In-Depth Reviews. Reproduction without explicit permission is prohibited. 
The Xperia XZ2 is Sony's fastest, strangest flagship phone yet. OnePlus 5T will only play HD Netflix if you send it in for service. Galaxy S9 US pre-orders focus on trade-in deals. Pixel 2 and 2 XL review: Google's best phones get even better. In this case, the second time's the charm.. Google's first Pixel smartphones weren't just smartphones; they were a proclamation that Google was more than just a software giant. They were proof that it could craft first-class devices that showed off what Android was really capable of. The new Pixel 2 and 2 XL continue that new tradition and offer some major changes to the Pixel formula. They're also among the first devices to highlight what's new and notable in Android 8.0 Oreo. While they don't get absolutely everything right, Google's new phones have still managed to further the Pixel's reputation for Android excellence.. Android 8.0 is powerful and accessible. eSIM works well with Project Fi. No microSD slot or headphone jack. There are better big screens out there. Unlimited full-res photo storage only lasts three years. Long story short, the XL is the bigger, more attractive version of the Pixel 2. Just about everything I loved about Google's new small phone applies here too, but the XL has a few distinct advantages -- its battery life is much better, and Android Oreo shines on its bigger screen. Considering how much the phone costs, though, I do wish Google and LG had gone with slightly better display panels. That aside, the Pixel 2 XL improves on its predecessor in almost every way that matters and claims the crown as my favorite Android phone of the year so far -- it's just too bad that headphone jack is gone.. Having two nearly identical Pixels last year was a blessing -- the choice between them just boiled down to what size you preferred. The Pixel 2 isn't just the smaller of Google's new phones; it's also the more traditional. That's mostly because of a boxy design that features a 5-inch 1080p OLED screen and some big top and bottom bezels. To anyone hoping for a sleeker small PIxel this year, I'm sorry: the bezels are just about as big now as they were before.. At least this time Google made use of that real estate by squeezing stereo speakers above and below the screen. While I'm glad those bezels serve a purpose this time, they still make the Pixel 2 look and feel a bit outdated. While it's been said that the Pixel 2's look was tailored to fit the company's "design ethos," it seems much more like an engineering compromise. Even so, the Pixel 2's smaller screen isn't without upsides. It makes for a device that's remarkably comfortable to hold and use, and the phone's excellent build quality means the Pixel 2 feels like it's built to last.. The Pixel 2 XL, meanwhile, offers more of what you'd expect from a flagship smartphone in 2017. It's a bigger, more elegantly designed machine, with a gently curved glass panel draped over its 6-inch P-OLED display. The bezels that run around that screen are much smaller too. At first I was a little let down that Google didn't take a more aggressive approach to eradicating bezels on the new XL. But the logic became clear after about a day: The slim bands of space on either side minimized the number of accidental touches when I reached across the screen with my thumb.. It's quite manageable for a big phone too. Phablet detractors might still have some trouble using the larger XL. But, thanks in part to its tall and narrow 18:9 aspect ratio, I had little trouble getting my average-size hands around it. And if nothing else, Google's updated design language works better when applied to a bigger phone -- the glossy glass window around back doesn't take up as much space, and the camera sits closer to the phone's midline. It's a small touch, but the camera placement just looks nicer on XL.. Gallery: Google Pixel 2 and 2 XL review | 30 Photos. As always, though, the two versions of the Pixel 2 are more alike than different. Like most other flagships we've seen this year, the Pixels use the high-end Snapdragon 835 chipset, paired with 4GB of RAM and the Adreno 540 GPU. Both are encased in handsome glass-and-metal bodies with 12-megapixel camera bumps jutting slightly out of the phones' glass "windows." Both are available in 64GB and 128GB options, with no option to add more storage with a microSD card. Both have always-on displays that show off the time and notifications as they roll in. Intriguingly, the Pixels also pack what was once an HTC-exclusive feature : pressure-sensitive edges that can be squeezed to activate Google's Assistant. It's a neat feature for anyone who hates the idea of saying "OK, Google" in public, though I'll never stop hoping Google will let us remap the pressure trigger for other things. Oh, and for the first time, we have a pair of Pixels that are actually IP67 water-resistant. This might not sound like a big deal, but it's a feature that has become common among premium smartphones. Obviously, taking a dip with a Pixel in hand is a lousy idea, but this additional life-proofing is definitely a welcome addition. (Just ask anyone who ever got pushed into a pool.). Sadly, Google pulled an about-face on the headphone jack. It's gone, and it seems pretty unlikely to ever return. In fairness, Google worked with some wireless headphone makers to improve the Bluetooth pairing process -- the company provided a pair of Libratone Q ADAPT headphones for review to prove the point -- but the trend is still disquieting. It's particularly odd since Google poked fun at the iPhone's lack of a headphone jack last year and LG's V30 (which is a close relative of the Pixel 2 XL) managed to pack the one in just fine.. It might be bound by big bezels, but the Pixel 2's AMOLED screen is definitely no slouch. In fact, I was surprised to see that the smaller Pixel's display showed off crisper, livelier colors than its big brother. A 1080p panel might seem a little passé in this world of super-high-resolution screens, but the pixel density is more than enough to pick out nitty-gritty details in photos. Viewing angles were great too, and quite honestly, I'm very pleased with how the junior Pixel's screen turned out. Meanwhile, the Pixel 2 XL's screen was more of a mixed bag than I expected. It's bigger and more pixel-dense, but colors aren't quite as punchy as on its smaller sibling. Google attributes this to the XL screen's tuning -- the official line is that the company was aiming for more "natural" colors, with the potential for the display's wide color gamut to offer up punchier visuals when necessary. (There's an option for "vivid colors" that's enabled by default in both phones' display settings, but it didn't seem to change much of anything on the 2 XL.) The result is that the 2 XL's screen often produces colors that seem flatter than those on other phones on the market, but I wouldn't necessarily call that a deal-breaker.. Less pleasant is the bluish tint that appears when you look at the XL's screen from an angle. I wouldn't call this a deal-breaker either -- the V30 suffers from a similar shift -- but it's a notable shortcoming for a phone that costs this much. Since your phone is going to be smack in front of your face most of the time, it'll be a non-issue for some people. Still, I just can't unsee it. At least the Pixel 2 XL's P-OLED panel doesn't suffer from the same blotchy, uneven look as some V30 screens at low brightness. I used an app called Reading Mode to lower the 2 XL's screen brightness beyond what Android normally allows, opened a pure gray test image and didn't notice anything unusual. Maybe I'm being a little nitpicky, but you'll definitely find better big screens elsewhere.. I was pleasantly surprised by Google's decision to put front-facing stereo speakers on both Pixel 2s. Sadly, neither set is all that impressive. Alt-rock songs like Harvey Danger's "Flagpole Sitta" sounded fuller on the XL, while the regular 2 tends to overemphasize mids and highs. That meant the Pixel 2 delivered crisper vocals, while the XL let them languish in the mix. Ultimately, there isn't a clear winner in the sound department. Neither set of speakers is well suited for the entirety of my weirdo music collection, so the pack-in USB C–to–3.5mm adapter or Bluetooth headphones were a must.. Gallery: Pixel 2 software tour | 24 Photos. The Pixel 2 and 2 XL are among the first devices to ship with Android 8.0 Oreo , and if history is anything to go on, most Android users won't get it for quite a while. You can expect a full review soon, but for now, let's take a quick look at how it runs on the new Pixels.. First off, I've found Oreo to be much cleaner and easier to start working with than earlier versions. The new Settings app is a great example: Google has reduced the number of sections to dig into, and more advanced settings are tucked away in drop-down menus. That means you may need to do a little more tapping to find what you're looking for, but overall, it's friendlier to newcomers. Besides, you can just use the system-wide search to find what you need. Meanwhile, smaller additions like system-wide Autofill make it dead simple to log into accounts and services without struggling to remember your password.. Maybe the most obnoxious thing about smartphones is the constant influx of notifications, but Oreo handles them with elegance. The notifications shade, for instance, has been divided into three basic sections. Notifications for ongoing processes, like music and navigation, get top billing. After that, you'll find all the notifications your apps generate, same as always. The last section is the one you might miss -- Google refers to it as a spot for "By the Way" notifications, which typically include traffic updates and the weather. Basically they're like a less intrusive Google Now.. App notifications can now be categorized into channels by developers -- the Play Store specifies six of them, for instance -- and you can define how they present themselves to you. I definitely don't want my Pixel to play a sound every time one of my apps is updated, but I may want to see the notification LED blink. Alternately, I might want to mark Play Store account alerts as "urgent" so they make a sound and pop up on-screen. Not every app supports this kind of nuanced notification handling, and most people probably won't bother. Still, there's a lot of depth to Google's approach, and power users should have a great time with them. If you're less discerning about these kinds of things, you can also just tell apps to shut up for an hour.. Apps have notification dots now too, though they don't actually tell you how many associated notifications there are. That's fine by me -- iOS's notification badges make me anxious when the numbers get high enough. In Oreo, the dots are color-coded to match the app icon, and long-pressing the icon offers a quick glance at what just rolled in.. Oreo also picks up a picture-in-picture feature that first appeared on Android TV last year. It's surprisingly useful on smaller screens. Tapping the home button while watching a video shrinks the window and sticks it in a corner. You can flick it around the screen as needed. Still, the experience hasn't been perfect: not a single non–YouTube Red video app I've tested so far works with picture-in-picture, and having to pay Google $10 a month to use the feature with the company's most popular video service kind of stinks. It's much more effective with Google Maps, though. Minimizing the app allows you to see live navigation directions in the corner of your screen while, say, finding a new song to listen to in Spotify.. One of the most jarring changes deals with what's left of Google Now. It's been a platform mainstay since the Jelly Bean days, but the focus has definitely shifted since then. To the left of the home screen is what Google refers to simply as your "feed," which offers info cards on subjects you've recently searched for or topics Google already knows you're interested in. Oh, and every single emoji has been redesigned. Rest in peace, my dear blob friends.. So yeah, there aren't a ton of shiny new user-facing features in Oreo. Instead, Google went big on structural changes that should improve the way devices handle over the long haul. Project Treble, for instance, separates Android's core from manufacturers' software tweaks, which should make it easier and faster to roll out updates. Though I'll believe it when I see it. Another feature, Vitals, is a series of system optimizations and analytics tools for developers so they can see if their apps are working as intended. I'll continue to fiddle with Oreo as I work on our full review, but one thing seems clear: it's the most powerful, accessible version of Android I've played with so far, and that bodes well for the Pixel 2 and 2 XL.. The appeal of Google's Nexus line was that you would get a clean, unfettered taste of what the latest version of Android had to offer. Here's the rub, though: any hardware maker can whip up a smartphone and load it up with stock Android. Software cleanliness alone is no longer a sufficient reason to drop hundreds of dollars on a smartphone, and Google gets that -- that's why the Pixel 2 and 2 XL pack a handful of features you won't find on other devices.. Let's start with the Pixel Launcher -- it's changed a lot since last year. The Google pill thing is gone, replaced by a persistent search bar that lives just below the Favorites tray. It's now much, much easier to reach with a thumb and start searching. The new At a Glance widget lives where the search bar used to, and it's been handier than I expected. In addition to offering the time, date and temperature, it highlights traffic alerts and your next calendar appointment (before any reminder notifications pop). It has already warned me about a few scheduled phone calls that I'd forgotten about, and for that Google has my thanks.. If you want them to, the Pixels will also quietly listen for music playing around you. When they identify a song, the results appear at the bottom of the always-on display, and a quick double tap offers more information via Google Assistant. It's undeniably useful, but also a little creepy -- the privacy implications of a phone that's always listening are hard to ignore. For what it's worth, Google says none of the audio or data ever leaves your phone, and it's powered by machine learning processes right on the device. Even so, it's probably a good thing that Now Playing is off by default. Oh, and, for better or worse, this is one feature that can't be ported to the older Pixels, since it relies on some specific hardware.. Also present is a preview version of Google Lens, the image recognition tool the company announced at this year's I/O conference. The concept is simple: Snap a photo of something and Lens will attempt to figure out what it is and offer you additional information. If that sounds a lot like Samsung's Bixby Vision , well, you're spot-on. The difference is that even in its decidedly beta form, Google Lens seems more capable than Bixby. That's partly because Google has dedicated gobs of money and brainpower to image recognition, and because the Knowledge Graph is better suited to returning information about what's in front of the camera. Sure, if you want to try and identify some wine or buy something on Amazon, Bixby might have an edge. Otherwise, Google's Lens seems like the project that really deserves watching.. Both versions of the Pixel also work with Google's Project Fi wireless service, but there's a twist. While all versions of the phones have the usual nano-SIM card slots, Fi users can activate and use an embedded SIM , making these two the first mass-market phones to use non-physical SIMs. The best part is, Fi customers will basically never notice the difference. I was able to transfer my Fi service to the Pixel 2 XL in mere moments, and it's been working perfectly ever since. Oh, and Pixel customers have a dedicated support team just a tap away in the settings. If something's gone awry, you can fire up a chat or request a call from a Google tech to help you sort things out.. Beyond the usual Pixel niceties, there are a few smaller changes that are still worth pointing out. Holding down the power button brings up a neat little window with options to power off or restart right next to your finger, making it faster to shut the phone down. You have a little more control over media volume; instead of the usual 15 clicks it takes to go from mute to full blast, there are 25 on the Pixels. Oh, and if you're using a Pixel 2 XL, you can pinch to zoom to expand YouTube videos to fill the entire screen rather than viewing them with black bars on the sides. (Apps like Google Play Movies can also play videos using the whole screen, but pinch to zoom doesn't won't work there.). The Pixel 2 and 2 XL share the same 12.2-megapixel camera, and it's already been hyped like crazy -- in DxOMark's rankings , the Pixels seemed to blow rivals like the iPhone 8 Plus and Galaxy Note 8 away. I don't think things are quite that simple. Over a week of testing, both versions of the Pixels proved themselves to be highly impressive performers, to the point that the 2 XL has become my go-to smartphone camera. It's that good, but this race is closer than you might think.. In solid lighting conditions, the Pixels absolutely shine. Images came through with plenty of detail and vibrant colors, which have been great for capturing the contrasts of New York City in the fall. It helps that the Pixels shoot in HDR+ by default -- the feature stitches together multiple brief exposures to improve the resulting photo's dynamic range and detail. In case you couldn't tell, it works really, really well. There were only a handful of times when I preferred an iPhone or Note shot over a Pixel photo, and that's a serious testament to how good Google's computational photography skills have gotten.. Gallery: Pixel 2 and Pixel 2 XL camera samples | 23 Photos. The Pixels are very good in low light too, offering up photos with surprisingly pleasant colors and minimal blur. Problem is, the sensors aren't as good as the Note 8's when it comes to eradicating noise. Look closely and you'll spot plenty of it. There is a trade-off, though: while the Note 8 retains a little more detail and manages to expose dim shots better right off the bat (a function of its slightly better aperture), the Pixels did a better job at reproducing colors naturally.. When it comes to zooming, the Pixels are at a clear disadvantage. The dual cameras used in the Note 8 and the iPhone 8 Plus allow for optical zoom, while the Pixels are stuck with digital only. As a result, zoomed photos of objects in the distance have noticeably less detail -- looks like Google's computational approach can't fix everything. It is, however, very good for simulating more complex optics when shooting in Portrait mode. I've been really impressed with how good Google's algorithms are at differentiating between what's in the foreground and what's not. Since the Pixels don't need additional hardware to produce bokeh behind a subject, photos using the 8-megapixel front-facing camera look excellent. (It helps that the Pixels' cameras use a retouching feature to lightly clean up faces.). A lot of work went into making the Pixels two of the best no-nonsense smartphone cameras out there. But for some, it might be a little too simple. There's no Pro mode for manual control, and the only options to tinker with are a focus and exposure lock button and an exposure compensation slider. Now, are you ready for the really crazy part?. There's actually a new image-processing chip baked into the Pixel 2s -- the Pixel Visual Core -- that Google hasn't activated and didn't tell anyone about. It's an octa-core processor Google designed itself that delivers additional horsepower for imaging and HDR processing. Google says it'll push an update in the coming weeks to fire it up. That Google designed its own mobile chip is surprising enough; even more impressive is that every test photo I've taken that used HDR+ hasn't even touched that extra chipset yet. More important, Google says that third-party camera apps will also be able to shoot with the Pixel 2's HDR+ mode when it activates the chipset in the coming weeks. The ability to shoot improved photos from right inside an app like Instagram is a very strong (not to mention surprising) reason to pick a Pixel over the competition.. All told, some of the Pixels' camera rivals can outperform it in some areas, and in areas where the Pixels pull ahead, they don't do so dramatically. Even so, if I had to choose a smartphone camera to take with me everywhere, it'd be one of the Google Pixels. It's just too bad that Pixel 2 owners don't get the same sweet deal offered last year. You can store all your full-resolution photos to Google's servers for free as usual, but only until 2020 -- if you're still using a Pixel 2 after that, your uploads will be compressed.. Google Pixel 2 Google Pixel 2 XL Google Pixel Google Pixel XL Galaxy Note 8 AnTuTu (total) 152,491 159,382 139,218 141,065 166,673 3DMark IS Unlimited 38,898 39,235 28,645 29,360 38,960 GFXBench 3.0 1080p Manhattan Offscreen (fps) 52 52 46 48 55 CF-Bench N/A N/A 39,997 39,918 67,415 The competition Wrap-up. I'm sure this won't come as a surprise, but the Pixel 2 and 2 XL are incredibly fast. Part of that is obviously due to the high-end Snapdragon chipset Google used, but we also have some of the under-the-hood performance tweaks to thank. All of that comes together for an experience that's among the smoothest I've encountered: frenzied multitasking (even in split-screen mode) is an absolute breeze, and none of the graphically intense games I threw at it gave me any trouble whatsoever. Flagship performance has become almost ubiquitously good this year, but the Pixel's dearth of software bloat gives it an edge over devices like the Note 8. It just feels faster.. I ran into some occasional issues with games like Tempest, a pirate-themed RPG that has you cruising the open seas searching for trouble. While most games I tried handled the Pixel 2 XL's longer screen without issue, Tempest left a chunk of empty space between the edge of the app window and the on-screen navigation keys. This is something developers will need to keep in mind as these kinds of displays become more popular.. Meanwhile, Google basically nailed its battery life proclamations. The smaller Pixel 2 packs a 2,700mAh battery. And yes, that's just a hair less capacious than the original Pixel's was. Still, it was more than enough to get me through a full day and then some. You could feasibly stretch that out to a day and a half if you use the phone sparingly. The XL's larger 3,520mAh battery is clearly the one worth yearning for, though. It routinely lasted at least through a day and a half of nearly constant use. And I could easily have dragged that out to two full days had I not spent so much time sucked into a freemium Digimon game all week.. On the Android side, Google's fiercest competition comes from -- who else? -- Samsung. The Galaxy S8 and S8 Plus were released at the beginning of the year, and they use the same Snapdragon brain as both of the PIxel 2s. Beyond that, their expansive Infinity Displays are almost beyond reproach and easily outshine the panels Google used this year. Both also have excellent cameras, and while I prefer what Google has achieved with the Pixels, the S8s have a slight edge in low-light photography. Honestly, the decision boils down to software: The S8s still run a version of Android 7.0 Nougat painted over with Samsung's custom interface. It's swimming in Samsung apps too, including the lackluster Bixby virtual assistant. Google's cleaner approach, coupled with the promise of software updates for three years, will make the Pixels more attractive to some.. If you're not already wedded to Android, the iPhone 8 and 8 Plus are also strong options. Don't let their traditional designs fool you: both of Apple's new smartphones feature terribly fast A11 Bionic chipsets, and Apple's constellation of quality apps is nothing to sneeze at. Things get a little trickier when it comes to photography, though. While the 8 Plus's dual camera certainly gives the Pixel 2 XL a run for its money, the smaller Pixel 2 easily outclasses the iPhone 8's single sensor.. I find it difficult to make sweeping statements like "This is the best phone out there, period," because such generalizations are prone to be wrong for a lot of people. That said, I can safely say the Pixel 2 and Pixel 2 XL are the best Android phones I've used all year (and I've used a lot of them). While I don't agree with all of Google's choices, something special is bound to happen when a company as smart as Google takes such strict control over how its vision of smartphones should be realized. The optimist in me thinks we haven't seen Google at its best yet, either -- remember, Google's hardware team just picked up 2,000 new employees from a company that itself made some truly memorable phones over the years. I fully expect things to get even better in time, but for now, Android fans shouldn't miss the Pixel 2 and 2 XL.. android , androidoreo , gear , google , mobile , oreo , pixel , pixel2 , pixel2xl , review , smartphone. Chris is Engadget's senior mobile editor and moonlights as a professional moment ruiner. His early years were spent taking apart Sega consoles and writing awful fan fiction. That passion for electronics and words would eventually lead him to covering startups of all stripes at TechCrunch. The first phone he ever swooned over was the Nokia 7610, because man, those curves.. 'Papers, Please' official short film recreates the game's bleak tone. Arztotzka has never been so glorious.. Lenovo's Yoga 730 is a cheaper 2-in-1 with Alexa support. The company also announced the Flex 14 at Mobile World Congress.. The Xperia XZ2 is Sony's fastest, strangest flagship phone yet. And as usual, it has a tiny, equally powerful sibling.. Sony will sell its wireless 'open-ear' buds in the US. The Xperia Ear Duo lets you hear both the outside world and your music.. Tesla's electric trucks may be more cost-effective than expected. DHL thinks it could recoup the money in just a year and a half.. © 2018 Oath Tech Network Aol Tech. ear icon eye icon text file vr. 
