Enter the characters you see below. Sorry, we just need to make sure you're not a robot. For best results, please make sure your browser is accepting cookies.. Type the characters you see in this image:. 
CNET también está disponible en español.. A gorgeous Android phone with a touch of déjà vu. HTC One M9 (32GB - gold). HTC One M9 (32GB - gun metal). HTC One M9 (32GB - silver gold). CNET earns fees when you click these offers.. The Good The HTC One M9 inherits its predecessor's stunning metal design and strong speakers, and has a bright, sharp display. It runs the latest version of Android, and the new Sense 7 software is simple, responsive and highly customisable. It's one of the few flagship phones to still feature expandable storage, and it offers a unique one-year replacement program in the US.. The Bad The M9's camera quality and battery life don't measure up to its competitors. For better or worse, the phone feels like a rerun of last year's HTC One.. The Bottom Line The updated HTC One M9 packs speed and software improvements into a handset that remains lustworthy in middle age, but it doesn't exceed the competition where it counts.. Sense 7 software and processor performance. "If it ain't broke, don't fix it." Such seems to be the. guiding philosophy behind the HTC One M9, and for the most part, the approach works. The One M9 is a beautiful Android phone worthy of your consideration, unless you already own last year's HTC One M8 (they could well be confused for the same phone). The Samsung Galaxy S6 beats it on most key features you'd care about however, including battery life and camera quality.. the same sleek design as last year's M8 , sticking to the luxurious all-metal case and 1080p HD screen while incorporating key spec improvements -- most notably a speedy, state-of-the-art Qualcomm Snapdragon 810 processor and upgraded front and rear cameras, the latter an attempt to address the M8's biggest shortfall : that its primary camera just wasn't as good as the competition.. If taking a gamble on a conservative design upgrade sounds oxymoronic, consider the current chaos at HTC: the move. may have already cost HTC CEO Peter Chou his job. Yes, the earlier HTC One M8 easily ranked as one of last year's best smartphones , but it competed against the small-screened iPhone 5S and the plasticky Samsung Galaxy S5 , each of which felt like me-too throwbacks to their respective predecessors.. The One M9, by comparison, goes. mano a mano with the totally redesigned all-metal Samsung Galaxy S6 , the current 800-pound gorilla of the smartphone world, the iPhone 6 , plus a gaggle of cheap-but-good Android competitors.. Amid that intense competition, HTC is sweetening the pot (in the US, at least) with its. , which offers a one-time, no-questions-asked replacement for M9 models in the first year of ownership, if they've succumbed to a cracked screen or water damage, even if you switch carriers. And if you don't swap the phone, you get a $100 credit toward a new HTC phone in the future.. initial reservations about the M9's camera quality were tempered by various software updates that deliver notable improvements in white balance and outdoor daylight shots -- not to mention adding raw image shooting -- it's still not in the upper echelon of smartphone cameras. Low-light photos, noise reduction and selfies (from the front camera) are problematic, and the M9's overall image quality lacks that of the Galaxy S6 and iPhone 6.. Up close with the metal curves of HTC's new flagship One M9 (pictures). Just as notable is the fact that our battery test results are less than stellar.. priced at $649 unlocked in US, with on-contract pricing starting at $199 and/or no-interest monthly installment plans on most major carriers (Verizon, Sprint, AT&T and T-Mobile). In the UK, you'll be able to find it with Carphone Warehouse, O2, Three and EE, starting at £580 SIM-free.. In other words, the HTC One M9 costs roughly the same as other high-end smartphones, including those aforementioned major competitors, the Samsung Galaxy S6 and the iPhone 6. But, its unimpressive camera and battery performance means it just doesn't measure up to those two models in arguably the most important respects.. HTC fans, meanwhile, can hold out hope that the One M9 isn't the end of the line. HTC One E9 , the One E9+ and One M9+ (which may be one, two or three phones) look to be promising M9 variants with a larger, higher-resolution screen and possibly even a fingerprint sensor, among other improvements.. Editors' note, May 13, 2015: T his review has been updated to reflect further testing.. 5.87 x 2.96 x 0.35 inches. 5.65 x 2.78 x 0.27 inches. 5.69 x 2.74 x 0.37 inches. 5.44 x 2.64 x 0.27 inches. 6.22 x 3.06 x 0.28 inches. HTC hasn't exactly strayed far from the design scheme it used a year ago for the M8. It has an all-metal body, with the bombastic "BoomSound" speakers sitting above and below the display. The back of the phone is gently rounded and inset plastic lines traverse the body at the top and bottom -- exactly as you'll see on both the M8 and. the M7 before it.. With the same 5-inch display inside the M9, the overall body size is roughly the same too, and the weights of the two phones feel roughly the same. One difference you'll see on the back is that there's only one camera lens, instead of the two on the M8. There are some small changes to note, however. The metal back still meets the display at the front, but the edges are now angular, rather than smoothly rounded -- it's more akin to the earlier M7, in fact. The edge too is of a slightly different colour than the back panel, giving a subtle two-tone effect. The colour variations include a gold edge around a silver body, a dark grey body with a polished silver edge, and a polished gold edge with a gold back.. The power button has been moved from the top edge of the phone to the right-hand side, below the volume buttons. Trying to press the power button on the top meant either using two hands, or shifting the position of the phone in your one hand in order to stretch out -- a manoeuvre that makes it very easy to drop your phone. I much prefer the ease of having the button on the edge, although having all three buttons in a line on one side did take a little getting used to.. While it's easy to argue that a new flagship phone requires a new design overhaul every year -- though Apple would dispute that -- the fact is the One M8 was already a stunning piece of kit. The M9 may not be visually much different, but it still feels every bit as luxurious as its predecessor.. On the other hand, with its wraparound screen and metal-and-glass body, Samsung's new. Galaxy S6 Edge is not only a considerably more premium-feeling device than its plasticky predecessor, but an interesting new design that stands out from earlier models. The One M9 does have stiffer competition here. With similar materials in use on both handsets, the question of which looks and feels better is really just a question of personal taste.. The BoomSound speakers are physically the same as before -- again, that's not a bad thing, as they produce the richest sound I've heard from a phone. HTC has roped in audio specialist Dolby to help tune them to provide a "rich and deep" sound. While the speakers are certainly louder than most smartphones -- and on par with those on the M8 -- they're still a long way from replacing a good set of speakers or headphones .. If you want to feel properly immersed in a movie or to really rock out in your living room to some Dream Theater you'll want external speakers. But they're well-suited for videos or podcasts that rely on speech; for watching Netflix in the kitchen while cooking, the BoomSound speakers fit the bill. Their forward-facing position means that when the phone lies flat on a table, the sound isn't muffled.. The nano-SIM card slot and microSD card slot are both tucked into the metal edge and both need to be extracted using a SIM tool (or a paperclip). The M9 accepts SD cards up to 128GB in size, but the base model does also come with 32GB of storage, rather than 16GB, which is a very welcome boost. And, notably, the new Samsung Galaxy S6 and S6 Edge. do not support expandable storage .. The 5-inch display has a full-HD resolution, which is the same size and pixel count as its predecessor. Unsurprisingly then, there's no visible difference in clarity between the two displays. Text looks extremely crisp and icons are displayed with pin-sharp edges. High-resolution photos and videos also have a satisfying clarity.. There is, however, a noticeable difference in colour. While the M8's screen has bold, vibrant colours, the M9's colour is more restrained. Yellows and reds in particular look less warm, particularly when viewed side-by-side against the M8 and especially against the Galaxy S5. (You'll remember that we found Galaxy S5 to have. the best screen -- by a nose -- when we tested it against the new iPhones late in 2014.) While the M9's colours aren't poor, they didn't provide the best venue for the phone's camera (see that section for more details, below).. There are, however, no options on the M9 to alter colour tones on the display -- unlike the S5 and S6 -- so you can't boost the saturation. If you want colours so strong they almost hurt your eyes, Samsung's AMOLED displays on the S6 and Note 4 may be more suitable.. On a side note, it's good to see HTC hasn't opted for a 2K screen as we've seen on. LG's G3 and more recent G4 and the Galaxy S6. In our experience, there's almost no discernible benefit to a higher resolution panel on a screen that size. That said, our initial battery tests of the Galaxy S6 show that its battery lasts longer than that of the M9.. The M9 arrives with the latest. Android 5.0 Lollipop software on board and you'd expect nothing less from a top-end phone. HTC has heavily customised the overall look of Android, however, with the latest version of its Android skin Sense 7.. On the surface, Sense 7 looks pretty much the same as Sense 6 found on the M8. It's a neat layout, with simple, well-spaced app icons in the app tray, an easy to use settings menu and the BlinkFeed news and social network aggregator sitting off to the left of the home screen. Sense was previously my favourite of the Android skins thanks to its simple and responsive design, and I'm happy to report it's just as pleasant to use this time round.. The new version brings much deeper customisation options. There are a range of preset themes to choose from, which alter everything from your wallpaper and colour schemes to app icons and fonts. You can download additional themes, although right now there aren't many to choose from. Once the phone goes on sale and people other than HTC's designers start creating themes, the themes section may start to fill out a little.. You can tweak the themes too, selecting your own app icon style, colours or fonts as you desire. There are loads of fonts you can download -- I don't have an exact number -- which may be a bit too in-depth for many people to bother with, but it does help make the phone fell a little more yours. If you'd rather not dive through settings, you can generate a theme based on the colour palette within a chosen photo.. An interesting new feature is a home-screen widget which dynamically changes which apps displayed within it, depending on your location. The apps you use most at work, for example -- Google Drive, Mail and so on -- will display in the widget when the phone detects you're at the location you've set as "work". At home, however, it will display apps like YouTube or the TV remote app.. HTC explained the widget will learn over time what apps you use at home, at work or on the go, but I personally found it easier just to spend 10 minutes arranging the apps myself and let the phone simply switch modes when I arrived at each location. It's not a killer feature, sure, but it's admittedly handy to have the apps shuffle around to bring tools I know I use only for work purposes to the forefront.. Proprietary 64-bit A8 chip with M8 motion co-processor. Proprietary 64-bit A8 chip with M8 motion co-processor. Inside the phone is Qualcomm's 64-bit, octa-core processor, the Snapdragon 810, alongside 3GB of RAM. That's an extremely potent lineup, so it was no surprise that the M9 is a very capable device. Demanding games like Asphalt 8 played very smoothly; image editing in Snapseed and Adobe Photoshop Express was a breeze; and, crucially, navigating around the Sense interface was swift, extremely responsive, and generally free of the sort of annoying lag that can really make a good phone seem bad.. We found the phone getting a bit warm during some of our benchmark testing with an early version of the software, and it was also a bit toasty during our camera testing with the updated software.. Best Phones for 2018. See All. Samsung’s king of phones is excellent, but you'll pay a pretty penny for stylus privileges.. A radical redesign that's nearly all screen includes a new cutting-edge facial recognition.... LG just gave Samsung a run for the money.. But we're still waiting on the Siri-like AI.. The Pixel 2's superb camera makes it worth a look.. This week on CNET News. Homeland Security's tall order: A hacker-free election. 'Annihilation' director wove memory into a dream-like movie. Dogecoin: The joke cryptocurrency that was too real for its own good. Discuss HTC One M9. Be respectful, keep it clean and stay on topic. We delete comments that violate our policy , which we encourage you to read. Discussion threads can be closed at any time at our discretion.. CNET may earn fees when you click through to a partner site.. 
National Accessibility Customer Service Skip to Main Content. Use arrow keys to access sub-menus and sub-menu links, this may require a mode change. In the meantime, explore some of our products and services:. Browse a selection of Phones, Devices & Plans. Note: Not all devices and plans are available for purchase at this alternate site. 
Our new search experience requires JavaScript to be enabled. Please enable JavaScript on your browser , then try again .. All Categories Antiques Art Baby Books Business & Industrial Cameras & Photo Cell Phones & Accessories Clothing, Shoes & Accessories Coins & Paper Money Collectibles Computers/Tablets & Networking Consumer Electronics Crafts Dolls & Bears DVDs & Movies eBay Motors Entertainment Memorabilia Gift Cards & Coupons Health & Beauty Home & Garden Jewelry & Watches Music Musical Instruments & Gear Pet Supplies Pottery & Glass Real Estate Specialty Services Sporting Goods Sports Mem, Cards & Fan Shop Stamps Tickets & Experiences Toys & Hobbies Travel Video Games & Consoles Everything Else. Hi ( Sign in to bid or buy) Daily Deals Gift Cards Help & Contact Sell. Summary Recently Viewed Bids/Offers Watch List Purchase History Selling Saved Searches Saved Sellers Messages. All Listings - Current page. Quickly compare offers in our new grouped view. results for htc one m9. Save htc one m9 to get e-mail alerts and updates on your eBay Feed.. Unfollow htc one m9 to stop getting updates on your eBay Feed.. You'll receive email and Feed alerts when new items arrive. Afghanistan - AFG Albania - ALB Algeria - DZA American Samoa - ASM Andorra - AND Angola - AGO Anguilla - AIA Antigua and Barbuda - ATG Argentina - ARG Armenia - ARM Aruba - ABW Australia - AUS Austria - AUT Azerbaijan Republic - AZE Bahamas - BHS Bahrain - BHR Bangladesh - BGD Barbados - BRB Belarus - BLR Belgium - BEL Belize - BLZ Benin - BEN Bermuda - BMU Bhutan - BTN Bolivia - BOL Bosnia and Herzegovina - BIH Botswana - BWA Brazil - BRA British Virgin Islands - VGB Brunei Darussalam - BRN Bulgaria - BGR Burkina Faso - BFA Burma - MMR Burundi - BDI Cambodia - KHM Cameroon - CMR Canada - CAN Cape Verde Islands - CPV Cayman Islands - CYM Central African Republic - CAF Chad - TCD Chile - CHL China - CHN Colombia - COL Comoros - COM Congo, Democratic Republic of the - COD Congo, Republic of the - COG Cook Islands - COK Costa Rica - CRI Cote d Ivoire (Ivory Coast) - CIV Croatia, Republic of - HRV Cyprus - CYP Czech Republic - CZE Denmark - DNK Djibouti - DJI Dominica - DMA Dominican Republic - DOM Ecuador - ECU Egypt - EGY El Salvador - SLV Equatorial Guinea - GNQ Eritrea - ERI Estonia - EST Ethiopia - ETH Falkland Islands (Islas Malvinas) - FLK Fiji - FJI Finland - FIN France - FRA French Guiana - GUF French Polynesia - PYF Gabon Republic - GAB Gambia - GMB Georgia - GEO Germany - DEU Ghana - GHA Gibraltar - GIB Greece - GRC Greenland - GRL Grenada - GRD Guadeloupe - GLP Guam - GUM Guatemala - GTM Guernsey - GGY Guinea - GIN Guinea-Bissau - GNB Guyana - GUY Haiti - HTI Honduras - HND Hong Kong - HKG Hungary - HUN Iceland - ISL India - IND Indonesia - IDN Ireland - IRL Israel - ISR Italy - ITA Jamaica - JAM Japan - JPN Jersey - JEY Jordan - JOR Kazakhstan - KAZ Kenya - KEN Kiribati - KIR Korea, South - KOR Kuwait - KWT Kyrgyzstan - KGZ Laos - LAO Latvia - LVA Lebanon - LBN Liechtenstein - LIE Lithuania - LTU Luxembourg - LUX Macau - MAC Macedonia - MKD Madagascar - MDG Malawi - MWI Malaysia - MYS Maldives - MDV Mali - MLI Malta - MLT Marshall Islands - MHL Martinique - MTQ Mauritania - MRT Mauritius - MUS Mayotte - MYT Mexico - MEX Micronesia - FSM Moldova - MDA Monaco - MCO Mongolia - MNG Montenegro - MNE Montserrat - MSR Morocco - MAR Mozambique - MOZ Namibia - NAM Nauru - NRU Nepal - NPL Netherlands - NLD Netherlands Antilles - ANT New Caledonia - NCL New Zealand - NZL Nicaragua - NIC Niger - NER Nigeria - NGA Niue - NIU Norway - NOR Oman - OMN Pakistan - PAK Palau - PLW Panama - PAN Papua New Guinea - PNG Paraguay - PRY Peru - PER Philippines - PHL Poland - POL Portugal - PRT Puerto Rico - PRI Qatar - QAT Reunion - REU Romania - ROU Russian Federation - RUS Rwanda - RWA Saint Helena - SHN Saint Kitts-Nevis - KNA Saint Lucia - LCA Saint Pierre and Miquelon - SPM Saint Vincent and the Grenadines - VCT San Marino - SMR Saudi Arabia - SAU Senegal - SEN Serbia - SRB Seychelles - SYC Sierra Leone - SLE Singapore - SGP Slovakia - SVK Slovenia - SVN Solomon Islands - SLB Somalia - SOM South Africa - ZAF Spain - ESP Sri Lanka - LKA Suriname - SUR Swaziland - SWZ Sweden - SWE Switzerland - CHE Taiwan - TWN Tajikistan - TJK Tanzania - TZA Thailand - THA Togo - TGO Tonga - TON Trinidad and Tobago - TTO Tunisia - TUN Turkey - TUR Turkmenistan - TKM Turks and Caicos Islands - TCA Tuvalu - TUV Uganda - UGA Ukraine - UKR United Arab Emirates - ARE United Kingdom - UK United States - USA Uruguay - URU Uzbekistan - UZB Vanuatu - VUT Vatican City State - VAT Venezuela - VEN Vietnam - VNM Virgin Islands (U.S) - VIR Wallis and Futuna - WLF Western Sahara - ESH Western Samoa - WSM Yemen - YEM Zambia - ZMB Zimbabwe - ZWE. Unlocked HTC ONE M9 / M9 PLUS 4G LTE Smartphone Android 32GB NFC SIM 20MP Mobile. 28 new & refurbished from $123.49. Unlocked HTC ONE M9 /M9 PLUS 32GB 4G LTE Android Mobile Phone GOLD GREY SILVER. 5.0'' HTC One M9 / M9 Plu /M8 16GB/32GB Factory Unlocked Smartphone 32GB 8core. Unlocked HTC ONE M9 /M9 PLUS 32GB 4G LTE Android Mobile Phone GOLD GREY SILVER. 5.0'' HTC One M9+/One M8/M8 16GB/32GB Factory Unlocked Smartphone 32GB Octacore. HTC One M9 32GB Unlocked GSM 4G LTE Android Smartphone. 28 new & refurbished from $123.49. HTC One M9 32GB (EMEA Version) Factory Unlocked Smartphone Gray/Gold/Silv er US. HTC One M9 - 32GB - Gunmetal Gray (AT&T) Smartphone - Clean ESN - Good. 8 new & refurbished from $99.00. HTC One M9-32GB-GOLD ON SILVER(T-MOBIL E) MINT MINT CONDITION-WITH WARRANTY!. 7 new & refurbished from $94.00. 5.0'' HTC One M9+/One M8/M8 16GB/32GB Factory Unlocked Smartphone 32GB Octacore. HTC One M9 - 32GB - Gold on Silver (Sprint) Smartphone Used, charging port loose. 1 new & refurbished from $144.00. HTC One M9 Unlocked Smartphone 5.0" Octa-core Android 3+32GB 20MP Smartphone EU. HTC One M9 - 32GB - Brand New and Sealed in the box - Factory unlocked. HTC One M9 Smartphone 32GB (Choose AT&T T-Mobile Verizon GSM Unlocked or Sprint). HTC One M9 Unlocked Smartphone 5.0" Octa-core Android 3GB+32GB 20MP Smartphone. HTC One M9 - 32GB - Gold on Silver (T-Mobile) Smartphone. 7 new & refurbished from $94.00. HTC One M9 - 32GB - Gold on Silver (Unlocked) Smartphone. 20 new & refurbished from $125.98. HTC One M9 32GB Gold On Silver (AT&T) Smartphone - CLEAN ESN - GOOD SHAPE. 7 new & refurbished from $119.97. 5" HTC One M9 32GB 20MP 3GB RAM (Unlocked) 4G LTE Android Smartphone - 3 Colors!. 20 new & refurbished from $125.98. Google Locked HTC One M9 OPJA100 Unknown Carrier Check ESN GL. 5.0" Factory Unlocked HTC One M9 AT&T 20MP LTE Android 32GB Cell Phones-3colo rs!. 3 new & refurbished from $119.00. HTC One M9 - 32GB - Gold on Silver (Verizon) Smartphone, Clean ESN. 2 new & refurbished from $169.99. Revolution Built-In Screen Armor Shockproof Hybrid Hard Case Cover Fo HTC One M9. Turtleback HTC One M9 Leather Pouch Holster Black Belt Clip Fits Otterbox Case. HTC One M9 - 32GB - Gunmetal Gray (Verizon) Smartphone HTC6535L. 5 new & refurbished from $109.00. NEW HTC One M9 0PJA110 32GB GSM Unlocked at&t Android Smartphone GRAY/SILVER. NEW HTC One M9 0PJA110 32GB GSM Unlocked at&t Android Smartphone <RETAIL BOXED>. HTC One M9 0PJA110 32GB Gray - AT&T T-Mobile Unlocked GSM 7321346. 8 new & refurbished from $99.00. HTC ONE M7 M8 M9 32GB+2GB/3GB 5" HD Android OS 3G 4G Smartphone FACTORY UNLOCKED. HTC One M9 M9e 16GB (OIS Version) Unlocked Smartphone Gray, Gold on Silver - USA. HTC One M9 32GB GSM Factory Unlocked - Gunmetal Gray. HTC One M9 32GB 4G LTE Android - 5'' 20.0MP Unlocked Smart Phone - Gunmetal Gray. 2 new & refurbished from GBP 130.59. HTC One M9 - 32GB - Color Gunmetal Gray - AT&T. 8 new & refurbished from $99.00. HTC One M9 - 32GB - Gold on Gold (gsm Unlocked) Smartphone. 3 new & refurbished from $169.00. HTC One M9 - 32GB - Gunmetal Gray gsm Unlocked Smartphone. 8 new & refurbished from $99.00. HTC One M9 32GB GSM Factory Unlocked Octa-Core 20MP Smartphone Gray/Gold/Silv er. HTC One M9 32GB (T-Mobile) Unlocked 4G - Gunmetal Gray/Amber Gold/Silver US. 7 new & refurbished from $94.00. HTC One M9 SUPCASE Unicorn Beetle Series Premium Hybrid Protective Clear Case. Genuine HTC 1.5A Rapid Travel Home Adapter+ Micro USB for Htc One M7 M8 M9. HTC One M9 - 32GB - Gunmetal Gray (Sprint) Smartphone 7/10. 3 new & refurbished from $119.00. Original HTC One M9 32GB ROM 4G LTE Smartphone Unlocked T-mobile. HTC One M9 32GB 3G 4G WCDMA/GSM Factory Unlocked Smartphone 20MP Camera NFC Grey. HTC One M9 - 32GB 4G LTE AT&T (GSM UNLOCKED) Android Smartphone. UNLOCKED HTC One M9 T-mobile 32GB (GOLD / SILVER) Global GSM LTE Phone Tmobile. 7 new & refurbished from $94.00. 5.0" HTC One M9 - 32GB - Pink 20MP GSM AT&T Unlocked 4G LTE Smartphone USA. 8 new & refurbished from $99.00. HTC One M9 - 32GB 4G LTE AT&T (GSM UNLOCKED) 20.0MP Android Smartphone. 28 new & refurbished from $123.49. Unlocked HTC One M9 (AT&T) 4G LTE - 20.0 MP 32GB Mobile Phone - Gold. 2 new & refurbished from GBP 130.59. 32GB Original Smartphone 5.0" HTC One M9 Sprint Unlocked 4G LTE Android Phone. 3 new & refurbished from $119.00. Original HTC One M9 32GB GSM Unlocked 4G LTE Android Smartphone AT&T T-Mobile. 7 new & refurbished from $119.97. New HTC One M9 AT&T Unlocked 4G LTE 32GB 5" Android Smartphone Gunmetal Grey. 28 new & refurbished from $123.49. HTC One M9 | 32GB 4G LTE | AT&T (GSM UNLOCKED) Android Smartphone. HTC One M9 32GB Gold on Silver Verizon Unlocked Good Condition. 20 new & refurbished from $125.98. 5" HTC One M9 32GB 3GB RAM Android Octa-Core 20.2MP 4G Unlocked Smartphone Grey. HTC One M9 - 32GB - Gunmetal Grey (Sprint) Smartphone Clean ESN. HTC ONE M9 32GB Gold/Silver Verizon 20.0 MP 4G LTE Smartphone SEE NOTES!. HTC One M9 6535LVW 32GB Gunmetal Gray! Verizon+GSM Unlocked! Clean IMEI!. 2 new & refurbished from $169.99. HTC One M9 32GB (Verizon) Unlocked Smartphone 20MP 5.0''- Gray, Gold, Silver USA. 2 new & refurbished from $169.99. 3 Colors 5" New Unlocked HTC One M9 32GB LTE Quad-Core Android Smartphone 20MP. CoverON® for HTC One M9 Hybrid Case - Red & Black Shockproof Tough Phone Cover. Gold LCD Display Touch Screen Digitizer Assembly + Frame For HTC One M9 Plus M9+. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. 3GB RAM, 20MP, OTA Updates, 4G LTE, Factory Unlocked. 30-Day Warranty - Free Charger & Cable - Easy Returns!. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. MANUFACTURER DIRECT SHIPS FROM ATLANTA GA USA. Genuine HTC Product √ US Stock √ Fast Shipping. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. UNLOCKED TO ANY GSM NETWORK WORLDWIDE | FAST SHIPPING. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. eBay determines this price through a machine learned model of the product's sale prices within the last 90 days.. eBay determines trending price through a machine learned model of the product’s sale prices within the last 90 days. "New" refers to a brand-new, unused, unopened, undamaged item, and "Used" refers to an item that has been used previously.. Top Rated Plus Sellers with highest buyer ratings Returns, money back Ships in a business day with tracking Learn More. Top Rated Plus Sellers with highest buyer ratings Returns, money back Ships in a business day with tracking Learn More. $ Enter minimum price to $ Enter maximum price. Please enter a minimum and/or maximum price before continuing.. Site Map Copyright © 1995-2018 eBay Inc. Accessibility , User Agreement , Privacy , Cookies and AdChoice Norton Secured - powered by Verisign. Amounts shown in italicized text are for items listed in currency other than U.S. dollars and are approximate conversions to U.S. dollars based upon Bloomberg's conversion rates. For more recent exchange rates, please use the Universal Currency Converter. Number of bids and bid amounts may be slightly out of date. See each listing for international shipping options and costs.. 
GSM 850 / 900 / 1800 / 1900. HSDPA 850 / 900 / 1900 / 2100. LTE band 1(2100), 3(1800), 5(850), 7(2600), 8(900), 28(700), 38(2600), 39(1900), 40(2300), 41(2500). HSPA 42.2/21.1 Mbps, LTE Cat6 300/50 Mbps. 151 x 72 x 9.6 mm (5.94 x 2.83 x 0.38 in). Super LCD3 capacitive touchscreen, 16M colors. 5.2 inches, 74.5 cm 2 (~68.6% screen-to-body ratio). 1440 x 2560 pixels, 16:9 ratio (~565 ppi density). Android 5.0.2 (Lollipop), planned upgrade to 6.0 (Marshmallow). microSD, up to 256 GB (dedicated slot). Dual: 20MP (f/2.2, 28mm, 1/2.4", 1.2 µm) + 2.1 MP, autofocus, dual-LED dual-tone flash. Geo-tagging, touch focus, face/smile detection, HDR, panorama. 2160p@30fps, 1080p@60fps, 720p@120fps, HDR, stereo sound rec. 4 MP (f/2.0, 27mm, 1/3", 2 µm), 1080p@30fps, HDR. - Active noise cancellation with dedicated mic. Wi-Fi 802.11 a/b/g/n/ac, dual-band, Wi-Fi Direct, DLNA, hotspot. microUSB 2.0 (MHL 2 TV-out), USB Host. Fingerprint (front-mounted), accelerometer, gyro, proximity, compass. SMS (threaded view), MMS, Email, Push Email. - Google Drive (100 GB cloud storage). Up to 598 h (2G) / Up to 626 h (3G). Up to 23 h (2G) / Up to 13 h (3G). Gunmetal Gray, Silver Gold, Amber Gold. Also known as HTC One M9 Plus. We can not guarantee that the information on this page is 100% correct. HTC One M9+ - user opinions and reviews. Same problem battery is not well. After using the HTC one M9 Plus for a while, I am sharing my experiences:. - Very elegant design, very balanced and very nice and comfortable in the hand. - Very good display resolution and touch response. - Still on Android Marshmallow, after .... Hey mate, if I were you, I wouldn't go for the HTC M9+ model specifically. After having the phone for two years, it does start to break down and the battery life is just meh. Plus if you do anything that requires quite a bit of the processing powe.... Samsung Apple Nokia Sony LG HTC Motorola Huawei Microsoft Lenovo Xiaomi Google Acer Asus Oppo OnePlus Meizu BlackBerry Alcatel ZTE Toshiba Vodafone Energizer XOLO Lava Micromax BLU Gionee vivo LeEco Panasonic HP YU verykool Maxwest Plum. HTC One M9 HTC 10 HTC 10 evo HTC Desire 10 Pro HTC One ME HTC One (M8). HTC U11 Eyes HTC One (M8) HTC 10 HTC U11+ HTC Desire 10 Pro HTC U11. 
Press enter or click on the search icon. Battery Life, Call Quality and Verdict. Best speakers you can find on a phone. Rear camera not as good as the competition. 32GB onboard storage with microSD slot. HTC Sense 7 on Android 5.0 Lollipop. What is the HTC One M9?. Originally reviewed on 23 March 2015. Taking up the mantle as HTC’s flagship phone in 2015, the HTC One M9 has a lot to live up to.. The HTC One M8 and original One were both great handsets, the latter a winner of the TrustedReviews’ Phone of the Year Award in 2013. The previous models in the One range were both arguably better than their Samsung and Apple counterparts at the time, but the competition has since caught up, and then some. The iPhone 6 and 6 Plus have sold a shedload and Samsung has put its flimsy-design woes to bed with the sturdier glass and metal Galaxy S6 and S6 Edge .. Does the HTC One M9 live up to its predecessors? HTC has opted against a complete design-overhaul, choosing evolution rather than revolution. Design-wise it has a lot in common with the One M8 and the screen is almost identical. The majority of the hardware developments come in the way of a new camera, processor and a bigger battery, while HTC’s version of Android has had a makeover with Sense 7.. This all results in a great phone with some clear areas of improvement. However, neither the new rear camera nor the battery life live up to their respective promises. Nevertheless, this is still a solid flagship and it proves how far HTC has come in the last 2 or 3 years that we hold its products to such high standards and intense levels of scrutiny. Watch the HTC One M9 video review. The HTC One M9 is to the One M8 what the iPhone 5S is to the iPhone 5. It shares the same basic design and screen as the HTC One M8 but some small adjustments set it apart from last year’s handset.. The most immediately noticeable of these tweaks is the new two-tone design. The trio of two-tone colour schemes available from launch will see a gold on silver handset joined by gold on gold and gun metal on grey offerings.. Where the back of the One M8 curved round to the screen, the M9 has a ridge connecting the front to the rear. The front of the handset looks as though it has been shoehorned into the back, the benefit being that HTC has been able to do away with the thin plastic edge between the screen and the frame.. Related: HTC One M9 vs HTC One M8. Do any of these changes make it better? Not in our opinion. The HTC One M8 has a classier air about it – it’s like comparing an understated Breitling to a gold Rolex. Both are well-made, but which one you’d grace on your wrist depends entirely on your taste.. This is a little harsh on the M9. It’s a good-looking phone, full of slick design touches and craftsmanship – a word HTC keeps using, and with good reason – but we like the M8 more.. Get news, competitions and special offers direct to your inbox. By submitting your information, you agree to the Terms & Conditions and Privacy & Cookies Policy .. Please keep me up to date with special offers and news from Trusted Reviews and other brands within the Time Inc. You can unsubscribe at any time.. We'd also like to send you special offers and news just by email from other carefully selected companies we think you might like. Your personal details will not be shared with those companies - we send the emails and you can unsubscribe at any time. Please tick here if you are happy to receive these messages.. Terms & Conditions and Privacy & Cookies Policy. The one upside to the ridge is it makes the M9 easier to grip – it’s less slippery than the M8 and other curved phones like the iPhone 6. It’s easier to hold one-handed, too, though it’s a smidgen less comfortable to hold. Related: Best Smartphones and Mobile Phones. In every other respect the design of the HTC One M9 is a triumph. This isn’t a thin phone, but neither does it feel porky – it’s 0.2mm thicker than the M8, but almost 1mm narrower. The back curves into your hand and the metal feels solid – more so than the previous model even though it’s a few grams lighter at 157g. That weight gives it a good heft – the One M9 is well balanced, if a little bottom heavy. It feels like you’re holding a quality phone not a toddler’s toy. One major new design improvement is the feel and location of the volume and power buttons. Previously plastic and along the top, the power button was a struggle to reach. It’s now in a far more sensible position, on the right hand edge, just below the volume buttons. It’s also been upgraded to metal and comes with a light etch so you can tell the difference between it and the volume buttons. These have had a tweak too. The buttons are a mite firmer and feel that bit better to press. Related: Best Android Phones and Smartphones. This is a tall and narrow phone so the new button position means it’s easy to reach with your thumb, if you’re using it right handed, or with your left hand’s index or middle finger. What’s still an issue is reaching the top of the screen.. It’s a real stretch to get your thumb to the browser back button or search box. Apple has gone some way to solving the issues that come with handling a large phone by dropping the screen with a double-tap on Touch ID. Samsung has as well, to a lesser extent, with one-handed mode. HTC hasn’t addressed the problem at all.. If you’ve got average or small hands, you will need to juggle the phone to reach certain areas of the screen when you’re using it one-handed.. Related: Best Mobile Deals: Top Smartphone offers this month In most other respects the HTC One M9 is what you’d expect from a flagship phone. The microUSB and 3.5mm headphone jack are at the bottom, while there’s a pair of fine grilles at the front which house the new BoomSound speakers – we’ll cover those in more detail later.. Almost the whole top edge is covered with translucent black plastic. This is there to accommodate the infrared blaster that lets you use the M9 as a TV or home cinema remote.. The only other difference between the One M9 and last year’s phone is on the back. Rather than a round camera that sits flush to the body the M9 has a square one that’s slightly raised. Rounded edges ensure the phone doesn’t snag when you’re sliding it into a tight pocket.. All in all the design changes HTC has made to the M9 are positive. The ergonomics have improved thanks to the new power button and narrower body, but some of the aesthetic alterations are less of a success. HTC could have left well enough alone, but there’s no denying that the HTC One M9 is dashingly handsome.. SEE ALSO: Best Cheap Smartphones. The M9 is available in three colours at launch: Gunmetal Grey, Gold on Silver, and Gold on Gold. Read on to find out about the HTC One M9’s screen.. Trusted Reviews is part of Time Inc. (UK) Ltd Fashion & Beauty Network. 
more ... more .... more ... more .... MEMORY: 32 GB + MicroSD. View all photos (94). Discontinued: Verizon , AT&T , T-Mobile , Sprint. Click to read the full review. Based on 24 User reviews. With a premium all-metal unibody, the beautiful One M9 doesn't stray away from HTC's gorgeous design tradition for its flagship line. For the first time in recent memory, we are also getting a high-res rear camera on an HTC finest - a 20 MP shooter - while the UltraPixel camera is moved at the front for perfect selfies. Add a scorching Snapdragon 810 chipset, 3 GB of DDR4 RAM, and 32 GB of storage out of the box, and the One M9 quickly elevates HTC to competitive status with any other phone thrown at it, and we didn't even mention the new BoomSound speakers with Dolby surround sound at the front.. Apple iPhone 6s Plus vs HTC One M9 LG G4 vs HTC One M9 Samsung Galaxy S6 vs HTC One M9 Samsung Galaxy S6 edge vs HTC One M9 HTC One M9 Review HTC One M9 vs Samsung Galaxy S5 HTC One M9 vs Samsung Galaxy Note 4 HTC One M9 vs Nokia Lumia 930 HTC One M9 vs Motorola Moto X 2014 HTC One M9 vs HTC One M8 HTC One M9 vs Google Nexus 6 HTC One M9 vs Apple iPhone 6 Plus HTC One M9 vs Apple iPhone 6 HTC One M9 hands-on HTC One M9 manual HTC One M9 benchmarks. OS: Android (7.0, 6.0, 5.1, 5.0), HTC Sense UI. Dimensions: 5.69 x 2.74 x 0.38 inches (144.6 x 69.7 x 9.61 mm). Weight: 5.54 oz (157 g) the average is 5.6 oz (159 g). Colors: Black, Gold, Gray, Silver, Pink. IP certified - The IP code indicates the degree of protection against dust and water. The first number represents dust protection, while the second represents water protection. In IP67, for example, 6 means a completely dust-tight device, while 7 means the device can stay immersed in up to 1 meter of water for up to 30 minutes. In IP68, a higher level of water protection is expected, but exact numbers aren't specified: both depth and continuance are specified by the manufacturer on per device basis.. Display Physical size: 5.0 inches. Resolution: 1080 x 1920 pixels. Features: Scratch-resistant glass (Corning Gorilla Glass 4), Ambient light sensor, Proximity sensor. Pixel density - The pixel density of a display represents the number of pixels over an area of one inch. It’s measured in “pixels per inch”, or ppi. The higher the number, the more detailed and good-looking the display is.. Technology - There are two main screen technologies currently used in phones and tablets: LCD and AMOLED. The former usually features a light source and liquid crystals, while the latter is based on organic light-emitting diodes. Newer LCD variations like IPS-LCD and Super-LCD allow for very accurate color reproduction and very wide viewing angles, where no significant image quality loss is observed. Current AMOLED screens differ in such a way that they can exhibit much more saturated colors (sometimes too much) and incredibly high contrast levels, which is due to black color being completely black in AMOLED displays.. Screen-to-body ratio - Shows what part of the frontal area of a phone its screen occupies.. Hardware Features: Sapphire crystal lens cover, Autofocus, CMOS image sensor, Back-illuminated sensor (BSI). Software Features: Manual focus, RAW image capture, Digital image stabilization, Touch to focus, Smile detection, Face detection, Self-timer, Digital zoom, Geo tagging. Settings: Exposure compensation, ISO control, White balance presets, Shutter speed control. Shooting Modes: Burst mode, High Dynamic Range mode (HDR), Panorama, Macro mode, Night mode. 3840x2160 (4K) (30 fps), 1920x1080 (1080p HD) (60 fps). Features: Continuous autofocus, Picture-taking during video recording, Digital image stabilization, Video calling. Features: High Dynamic Range mode (HDR). Aperture size - The aperture of a camera is the opening through which light travels before it reaches the camera sensor. The smaller the number is, the bigger this opening is, allowing for more light to pass.. Focal length (35mm equivalent) - The lower (shorter) the focal length number, the wider the shot will be. Conversely, longer focal length cameras produce narrower frames, which can be used for telephoto (zoomed-in) purposes.. Camera sensor size - A bigger camera sensor is able to capture more light, and thus produce better photos.. Pixel size - The size of an individual pixel on a camera's sensor. Octa-core, 2000 MHz, ARM Cortex-A57 and ARM Cortex-A53, 64-bit. System chip - Most modern handsets use an advanced chip that includes many of the device’s hardware modules like the processor, Wi-Fi, Bluetooth and sometimes even the wireless radio. This field shows what particular system chip (or System-on-a-Chip) is used in the phone.. Processor - The processor is the main computing component of a phone and is a major factor when it comes to the overall speed of the device. Some more powerful smartphones use dual-core and quad-core processors designed to deliver greater performance.. Graphics processor - The graphics processor is important for the smooth operation of the system and especially in games and other applications that may involve complex graphics and animations.. System memory - System memory, or RAM memory is the type of memory that the device uses to temporarily store data from the OS or currently-running apps. The more RAM available to the device, the better the performance will be when multiple or heavier programs are running.. Built-in storage - Bigger storage capacity allows you to keep more content saved onto your device, such as more applications, photos or video. Games and video content typically take up the biggest amount of storage space.. Storage expansion - Some handsets allow you to expand their storage capacity by using a memory expansion card – most often microSD. Expansion memory is mostly suitable for media storage, such as photo, video or music content.. Talk time: 25.40 hours the average is 20 h (1229 min). Stand-by time: 16.3 days (391 hours) the average is 21 days (502 h). Talk time (3G): 21.70 hours the average is 19 h (1147 min). Stand-by time (3G): 16.8 days (402 hours) the average is 25 days (590 h). Capacity - The bigger, the better! However, battery capacity is not the only factor that has an effect on battery life. Those include the chipset in use, the software running on the device, as well as the consumer's unique usage pattern.. Multimedia Screen mirroring: DLNA, Wireless screen share, MHL. Filter by: Album, Artist, Genre, Playlists. Features: Album art cover, Background playback, Dolby Digital. Cellular GSM: 850, 900, 1800, 1900 MHz. LTE (FDD): Bands 1, 3, 5, 7, 8, 20, 28. LTE (TDD): Bands 38, 40, 41. Data: LTE-A Cat 6 (300/50 Mbit/s), HSPA, HSUPA, UMTS. Notifications: Service lights (Single color), Haptic feedback, Music ringtones (MP3), Polyphonic ringtones, Vibration, Flight mode, Silent mode, Speakerphone. Other features: Voice dialing, Voice commands, Voice recording, TTY/TDD. 802.11 a, b, g, n, ac, dual-band. Features: Mass storage device, USB charging. Other: NFC, Infrared, Tethering, Computer sync, OTA sync. Positioning - This field shows the positioning systems supported by the device. The most common types are GPS and A-GPS.. GPS - This is one of the most widespread global positioning technologies, developed and maintained by the U.S. It uses satellites in order to detect your location. A-GPS - A-GPS stands for Assisted GPS and is the industry standard for positioning and navigation. “Assisted” means that it can use local wireless networks, in addition to satellites, for quicker and more precise localization.. Availability Officially announced: 01 Mar 2015. Shopping information MSRP price: € 750. FCC approval - The Federal Communications Commission (FCC) is an independent United States government agency, directly responsible to Congress. The FCC was established by the Communications Act of 1934 and is charged with regulating interstate and international communications by radio, television, wire, satellite and cable. The FCC's jurisdiction covers the 50 states, the District of Columbia, and U.S. Every wireless phone device that is sold in the U.S. has to be tested and approved for sale by the FCC.. Date approved - Shows the date when the particular phone is approved by the Federal Communications Commission. FCC ID value - Shows the FCC Identifying value of the particular phone. FCC measured SAR - Working closely with federal health and safety agencies, such as the Food and Drug Administration (FDA), the FCC has adopted limits for safe exposure to radiofrequency (RF) energy. These limits are given in terms of a unit referred to as the Specific Absorption Rate (SAR), which is a measure of the amount of radio frequency energy absorbed by the body when using a mobile phone. The FCC requires cell phone manufacturers to ensure that their phones comply with these objective limits for safe exposure. Any cell phone at or below these SAR levels (that is, any phone legally sold in the U.S.) is a "safe" phone, as measured by these standards. The FCC limit for public exposure from cellular telephones is an SAR level of 1.6 watts per kilogram (1.6 W/kg).. To see the full specifications with in-depth details click here.. We list only the specs that are different than the main variant. FCC approval - The Federal Communications Commission (FCC) is an independent United States government agency, directly responsible to Congress. The FCC was established by the Communications Act of 1934 and is charged with regulating interstate and international communications by radio, television, wire, satellite and cable. The FCC's jurisdiction covers the 50 states, the District of Columbia, and U.S. Every wireless phone device that is sold in the U.S. has to be tested and approved for sale by the FCC.. Date approved - Shows the date when the particular phone is approved by the Federal Communications Commission. FCC ID value - Shows the FCC Identifying value of the particular phone. FCC measured SAR - Working closely with federal health and safety agencies, such as the Food and Drug Administration (FDA), the FCC has adopted limits for safe exposure to radiofrequency (RF) energy. These limits are given in terms of a unit referred to as the Specific Absorption Rate (SAR), which is a measure of the amount of radio frequency energy absorbed by the body when using a mobile phone. The FCC requires cell phone manufacturers to ensure that their phones comply with these objective limits for safe exposure. Any cell phone at or below these SAR levels (that is, any phone legally sold in the U.S.) is a "safe" phone, as measured by these standards. The FCC limit for public exposure from cellular telephones is an SAR level of 1.6 watts per kilogram (1.6 W/kg).. Despite our efforts to provide full and correct HTC One M9 specifications, there is always a possibility of making a mistake. If you see any wrong or incomplete data, please LET US KNOW .. If you are interested in using our specs commercially, check out our Phone specs database licensing page.. $172 Buy. Most notable device announcements that came out of MWC in the last 10 years. Verizon starts rolling out Android 7.0 Nougat update for the HTC One M9. HTC One M9 starts getting Android 7.0 Nougat update at AT&T. Sprint's HTC One M9 is now enjoying the sweet taste of Android Nougat. T-Mobile's HTC One M9 starts receiving Android 7.0 update. HTC 10 at $150 off, One A9 at $200 off, and more during the company's Seven Days of Sappiness sale. The Samsung Galaxy S9 and S9+ have game-changing cameras with variable aperture and 960fps slow-mo video recording. The Big Barcelona Camera Comparison: iPhone X vs Pixel 2 XL vs Note 8. Samsung Galaxy S9 and S9+ rumor review: Specs, design, features, price and release date. Sony presents Xperia XZ2 and XZ2 Compact: new design and Snapdragon 845. Galaxy S9 Exynos edition gets benchmarked against rivals!. Galaxy S9 first camera comparison vs iPhone X, V30, S8. Samsung Galaxy S9 & S9+ hands-on. MWC 2018: top smartphones to expect. Best smartphone you can buy in 2018. Allo is a quality app, but Google isn't giving it a real chance. All content (phone reviews, news, specs, info), design and layouts are Copyright 2001-2018 phoneArena.com. Reproduction in whole or in part or in any form or medium without written permission is prohibited! Privacy. 
The source for Tech Buying Advice. More Car Tech. Tech deals, prizes and latest news. A luxury design that forgets about the basics. A great phone if you're upgrading from two years ago, but doesn't deliver enough changes to be worthy of a perfect score.. The HTC One M9 is a phone built on precision. It's a brand realising it made a pretty much perfect phone with the One M8 and doubling down on its greatest strength to try and win over more customers.. It's dropped the maligned 4MP Ultrapixel sensor of its predecessor, bumping it up to a huge 20.7MP option in a bid to attract those that feel safer buying a phone with higher numbers on the spec sheet.. And it's tied off the experience with a huge boost in the engine room and teamed up with Dolby to refine its already powerful BoomSound experience.. Even the battery capacity is improved, something HTC has struggled with in the past. It even beats the biggest rival of its time, the Samsung Galaxy S6 , on that particular front. So has the Taiwanese brand managed to do the almost impossible and create yet another perfect device?. It certainly charged for it at launch: In the UK the HTC One M9 came with an initial RRP of £580 SIM free for the handset, with a good £10 per month extra on contract. US pricing had it for $649 without subsidy. These days, of course, you can pick up the HTC One M9 for a lot less.. With its successor the HTC 10 now on the market, you can grab last year's model for around £360/US$400. That's still far from cheap, of course, but then the HTC One M9 is built from premium materials, and contains pricey components like a full 32GB of internal storage.. The internals remain potent: an octa-core Qualcomm 810 chipset, 3GB of RAM, 2840 mAh battery on top of a Super LCD3 screen. The latter component hasn't got the cachet of Samsung's Super AMOLED display, but it's still color rich and seems close to the glass, which is important for image quality.. There are some things that haven't been improved over 2014's HTC One M8 though: the screen is still "only" 5 inches, which could be too big or too small depending on your opinion on the subject. The resolution is "only" 1080p, but again, some still question whether the pin-sharp QHD resolution is needed unless you're intent on using your phone in a VR headset, especially as it's harder on battery life.. The metallic chassis is back and is bolder than ever. It's a two tone design (well, the Silver/Gold and Gold/Pink versions have a contrasting band around the side, whereas the Gunmetal Grey and Gold on Gold versions don't) that uses a single piece of metal for the entire phone – it really feels better packaged than previous HTC phones.. However, the key question remains: is this package still good enough to warrant the extra cash when you can get the likes of the OnePlus 3 for a similar price? Have the improvements added more to the mix or is the HTC One M9 a sign of the company treading water, adding nuance rather than innovation?. Let's get this out the way at the start – the design is, by far, the most amazing part of the HTC One M9. HTC is calling it "jewellery-grade," with each one hand-finished by craftsmen, and it certainly shows.. The one-piece fascia is complemented beautifully by the two tone metallic rim (on my review unit, the silver and gold variant). The grey and gold versions will look less impressive, given they've lost the two-tone appeal, but that doesn't mean they won't be as nice to hold.. Actually, I'm pretty sure they'll be nicer than this model. There's something about the design right now that I really don't like, the rear edge proving to be quite sharp in the hand. It's not going to draw blood, but when I used the gunmetal grey preview device in Barcelona back in early 2015 it definitely felt closer to the One M8 in style, with more of a comfortable curve.. The reason for this hasn't been confirmed by HTC, but I get the feeling it's something to do with the coloring process.. Whatever the case, it's perhaps telling that HTC ditched this two-tone effect and the associated stepped-edge design for the HTC 10.. The other thing that's changed here since the HTC One M8 – and not for the better – is the power button transferring to the right-hand side of the phone.. This is a more natural place for it to live, making it easier to turn the screen on and off. However, HTC has inexplicably made it the same size and shape as the volume buttons above, so feeling for it without explicitly looking means I often hit the volume key instead.. Again, HTC altered this button balance in the HTC 10, which could be seen as another admission that the M9's design isn't quite optimal.. The microSD slot is right above the trio of buttons too, and as it's slightly indented can cause confusion when trying to change volume in the pocket. It's hard to tell which is which, even with the phone in your hand – the extra ridges on the power button don't help enough.. While the decisions HTC has made to improve the One M9's design don't seem to have hit the mark, there's no doubt this is a finely crafted phone, and was probably the best on the market at launch in that respect.. The two-tone finish is superb and still quite distinctive more than a year on, the weight and balance is even better than before, and the precision I spoke of earlier is the overriding feeling.. The sharp edges of the BoomSound speakers are well-defined, and while it's heavy at 157g, especially compared to contemporaries like the iPhone 6 or Galaxy S6, Apple's is the only device that can come close to beating the attractive packaging here – and I prefer the weight and balance HTC has created.. I'd definitely chuck it in a case though. After two days I'd already dented the bottom through it falling a foot onto the floor, and those nicks are really noticeable on the premium casing.. I also checked out an M9 handset more than a year on from launch and, while generally in decent condition, there were tiny stress cracks in three of the four corners where the display glass meets the metal.. Yet another M9 handset I tried recently didn't have this latter problem, but there were visible scratches around the microUSB port where the metal edges of the charger connector had made their mark. It seems you pay a price for such a fine metal finish, then - though that's hardly a unique criticism for a modern smartphone.. One thing HTC gets lambasted for is the extra space around the screen, with people saying the HTC logo doesn't need to be on there, surrounded by a black bar that many think is there for show.. It's packing screen components that have to go somewhere as HTC has extended the length of the One M9 through the need for decent audio chambers to pump out BoomSound – and I'd rather have the powerful speakers than an identikit smartphone.. The M9 is actually a little smaller than before, despite having the same 5-inch screen as the previous year. In fact, it's an identical screen to the HTC One M8's, with a 1080p Super LCD display covered in Gorilla Glass.. There are undoubtedly performance improvements, but like the older model, HTC is being cagey about them. What is apparent is the screen's colors are rich enough, the gap between glass and display is low and the response under the finger is noticeably sharper.. That said, in our testing the screen is too dark under auto conditions, the colors often appear washed out compared to the rest of the flagship phones of 2015, and it doesn't pack the same 'wallop' as the iPhone 6 or LG G4, for instance. It's not terrible at all, but it begs the question why HTC didn't update this key component.. I don't want to harp on about the HTC One M9's successor too much here, but it's difficult to argue that the HTC 10's QHD Super LCD 5 display didn't arrive a year too late.. Still, the M9 screen's 441PPI is perfectly sharp and doesn't really offer a lot less than the QHD screens that are starting to flood the market.. The only functional reason I can see to stick a super-sharp display into a screen below six inches in size is to allow for virtual reality headsets, which magnify the screen and can cause pixelation. However, HTC isn't using the phone as the base of its VR Vive headset , so there's not really any need here.. Google is set to launch an ambitious new universal VR headset in Daydream later in 2016, of course, but even that will require brand new smartphone hardware that isn't on the market yet.. The HTC One M9's 5-inch screen is a fraction smaller than the competition on the market right now, with many other brands choosing to go 5.1-inch and above – but again, 5 inches seems like a fine choice here.. There's a fair amount of bezel on the One M9 compared to other 2015 flagship phones like the LG G4 and the Galaxy S6, and that's more pronounced due to the extra metallic lip that's running around the edge of the phone.. But we don't need edge to edge displays unless that's what the phone is about – and HTC's model is geared towards feeling more ergonomic in the hand, so it seems to suit the device.. Next Page What's new?. You can unsubscribe at any time and we'll never share your details without your permission.. Get the best tech deals, reviews, product advice, competitions, unmissable tech news and more!. 1 Samsung Galaxy S9 release date, price, news and features. 2 Samsung Galaxy S9 launch: as it happened. 3 Samsung Galaxy S9 live stream: how to watch today's big launch event. 4 MWC 2018: All the latest news from the show. 5 How to watch Arsenal v Man City live stream online for the Carabao Cup final NOW. 2 Samsung Galaxy S9 Plus review. 3 Samsung Galaxy S9 release date, price, news and features. 4 Samsung Galaxy S9 launch: as it happened. 5 BlackBerry: 'we understand we are not for everyone' but 'we're here to stay'. TechRadar is part of Future plc, an international media group and leading digital publisher. England and Wales company registration number 2008885.. 
HTC at Mobile World Congress 2015 in Barcelona, Spain, announced the all-new HTC One M9. While it might look a good bit like its predecessor (why mess with a good thing, right?). there's still a lot going on here.. The phone is slightly smaller and easier to hold. The rear UltraPixel camera has been swapped out for a more traditional 20MP shooter. Sense 7 gives you so many new ways to share and edit photos, and it's easier to do now as well.. BoomSound is back, of course, and this time Dolby is on board to help with the audio lifting.. The HTC One M9 is coming to major carriers worldwide in mid-March.. For 2014 HTC One M8, see this page. For 2013 HTC One M7, please see this page .. A better M8 - but is that enough?. A beautiful, well-refined Android smartphone phone finds itself — and its manufacturer — fighting against the current once again. There's a great exchange in an episode of The West Wing in which a political operative played by the late Ron Silver explains the delicacy involved in removing a piece of kelp from a perfectly shaped racing boat. There's a fine balance between removing what'.... And the HTC One M9 specs. A lot of this should look familiar, as the phone is fairly iterative over 2014's HTC One M9. But that's not to say there aren't some exciting new things under the hood. And a number of other bells and whistles. Here, now, are the complete HTC One M9 specs. Beginner's guide to the HTC One M9!. Whether you're in the market for a new smartphone and are thinking about getting the M9, or you've just picked one up and need a little help getting started, this is for you. It's our beginner's guide to the HTC One M9.. T-Mobile HTC One M9 Nougat update rolling out now. The HTC One M9 on T-Mobile has started to receive its Nougat update, landing over three months after the unlocked model.. HTC One M9 gets Nougat in Europe, Turkey, South Africa. Other regions to follow for Android 7.0 on HTC's 2015 flagship.. This is why you buy unlocked. Unlocked HTC One M9 starts receiving the Nougat update. HTC has announced that it is rolling out the Nougat update to the unlocked HTC One M9 starting today. The company has also stated that carrier variants of the phone will pick up the update from early next year.. My sim card tray will not go into my HTC One M9. Welcome to Android Central! So is the tray stuck partway into the phone? Did you insert the tray with the SIM card contact surface facing the rear of the phone, as shown here? HTC One M9 - nano SIM.... Doesn't make any sense to us either. HTC brings the One M9 Prime Camera Edition to India. HTC launched seven phones in India yesterday, and the vendor is now back for an encore. The latest HTC handset to make its way to the country is the One M9+ Prime Camera Edition, which retains the styling of the One M9 while paring down the hardware to compete in the mid-range space.. HTC 10, One A9 and One M9 will get Android N updates. HTC has confirmed that three of its smartphones, the HTC 10, HTC One A9 and the HTC One M9, will all get the Android N update sometime after the OS launches later this fall.. HTC One M8, M9 Marshmallow update from AT&T starts May 12. If you've been patiently waiting for the HTC One M8 or One M9 Marshmallow update from AT&T, there is some great news. Beginning tomorrow, May 12, the update will officially be available to download as an over-the-air update.. HTC One M9 battery is dying...almost dead. I've had this problem with my current & last HTC One M9. I disagree with the poster who states that "it's not a fault just a power hungry phone" if that were true it would not be degenerative over.... Should you upgrade to the HTC 10 from an M9?. A lot has changed for HTC in the past twelve months, and that's reflected in a radically different flagship for 2016. So is it worth the upgrade from last year's M9?. HTC's offers Mother's Day deals on One A9 and One M9. HTC is offering special Mother's Day discounts on on the One A9 and One M9.. From HTC One M7 to HTC 10 —. Let's take a look at how the specs stand up between the HTC 10, HTC One M9, HTC One M8, and the HTC One M7.. No, it was never released with that version of Android. The oldest version HTC had on that device was 5.0.. Everyone here at AC has memories — fond or otherwise — about the HTC One line. Join us as we look back share them.. Save up to 60% on HTC products. HTC has unveiled some new deals to really make this week a special one. You'll be able to save up to 60% on select products with the HTC One M9, A9 and more all seeing some degree of reduction in price.. The one where the Android Central editors look back at the past year for HTC, and talk about what we want to see come April 12 when the HTC 10 is unveiled.. Htc one m9 stuck in bootloader, Can't get into download mode. Buy the One M9 from HTC, get a Nexus 9 for free. HTC's back at it with a "Hot Deal" this Tuesday, offering a 16GB Wi-Fi Nexus 9 for free when you purchase the One M9 for $650. The bundle constitutes savings of $399.. Verizon starts rolling out Marshmallow for the HTC One M9. As well as updating both the LG G3 and G4, Verizon has also started rolling out Android 6.0 Marshmallow for the HTC One M9. As previously reported, today's the day when both Verizon and T-Mobile were expected to roll out the major release.. Marshmallow hitting T-Mobile HTC One M9 on Feb. HTC's Mo Versi has confirmed that Android 6.0 Marshmallow will begin rolling out to the T-Mobile HTC One M9 starting February 16.. SIM card stuck on the phone (HTC One M9), how can I take it out?. How do you guys manage to NOT notice that?!. Pixel 2 & Pixel 2 XL. Careers: Writer | Dev. 
Enter the characters you see below. Sorry, we just need to make sure you're not a robot. For best results, please make sure your browser is accepting cookies.. Type the characters you see in this image:. 
National Accessibility Customer Service Skip to Main Content. Use arrow keys to access sub-menus and sub-menu links, this may require a mode change. In the meantime, explore some of our products and services:. Browse a selection of Phones, Devices & Plans. Note: Not all devices and plans are available for purchase at this alternate site. 
The Xperia XZ2 is Sony's fastest, strangest flagship phone yet. OnePlus 5T will only play HD Netflix if you send it in for service. Galaxy S9 US pre-orders focus on trade-in deals. The Xperia XZ2 is Sony's fastest, strangest flagship phone yet. OnePlus 5T will only play HD Netflix if you send it in for service. Galaxy S9 US pre-orders focus on trade-in deals. Samsung Galaxy S9 and S9+ hands-on: The devil is in the details. HTC One M9 review: Another year, another modest step forward. Let's say you're a smartphone maker and you cook up a formula for a beloved, game-changing device. The next year, you tweak that formula a bit to create a worthy, if slightly less exciting, follow-up of a phone. What do you do after another year has gone by? Try something completely different in hopes you'll catch lightning in a bottle again, or keep plugging away on the mobile DNA that made you such a worthy name in the first place? If you're HTC, the answer is obvious: You keep polishing and polishing that formula until you finally reach the ideal you've been working toward. That's what we have in the One M9. It's still a ways off from fulfilling the vision that HTC's design wonks had in mind, but in most ways it's a very thoughtful refinement of what made the One series so special. Your pleas and complaints haven't gone unheard. The thing is, when the One M9 does try new things -- be they software features or hardware changes -- it doesn't always stick the landing.. Gallery: HTC One M9 review | 35 Photos. Sense 7 is lightweight and thoughtful. Screen isn't as vivid as last year's model. HTC's 2015 flagship was designed to feel more premium than previous models, but it runs the risk of feeling dated two years on. It's sturdy and plenty powerful with its Snapdragon 810 chipset, but the M9's 20-megapixel camera doesn't seem any better than the UltraPixel shooter HTC ditched, and the occasional software quirk raises eyebrows.. Note: I'm working with the international version of the One M9. I'll update this review with new impressions once US units become available.. It's impossible not to compare the M9 to the Ones that came before it, which leads to some simple shorthand for HTC's design work this year: Put simply, it's almost like the M7 and M8 had a baby. Where the M8 was polished and curvaceous like a river stone -- a choice that meant the thing slid around more than some liked -- the M9 channels more of the original One M7's angularity. HTC's newest flagship feels familiar as a result, but that's not to say that everything HTC did was for the best. Let's start with the broad strokes. The M9's sloping back would look almost identical to its predecessors were it not for some major camera changes: Last year's Duo Camera UltraPixel setup has been replaced with a single, squarish, sapphire-covered pod that hosts a more traditional 20-megapixel shooter. Thankfully, none of that changes how comfortably the M9 settles into the hand. You'll find the nano-SIM and microSD card slots (the latter of which takes cards up to a whopping 2TB) nestled into the left and right edges, respectively, just where they were last year. The lengthy volume rocker that ran down the previous phone's side has been split into two discrete buttons, though, and the sleep/wake key has been moved below it and was given a neat spiral pattern so you can tell the difference without looking.. At first glance, the phone's face is almost identical too. The only real changes you'll notice when that 5-inch, 1080p screen is off are incredibly subtle ones, like the top BoomSound speaker being a little shorter to accommodate the bigger UltraPixel selfie camera. Hell, you might not even notice one of the quietest structural changes -- the M9 is the first One with a front plate hewn from a single block of aluminum, with holes machined in to hold the screen and speakers in place. It's an impressive feat of production, but it's not like it makes the M9 feel any sturdier than it already is. Come to think of it, it's that kind of minute change that seems emblematic of the M9's overall aesthetic. In most ways, we're still dealing with the same One DNA as before, just peppered with a handful of modifications meant to make the whole thing feel more premium. Consider the color, for one: My review unit is the same two-toned, rose-gold-and-silver affair I first played with back at MWC, and it's still just as polarizing as it was a few weeks ago. I've grown inordinately fond of the color combination, though others who saw it were less than impressed by the company flinging itself onto a gold-hued bandwagon. Thankfully, you'll soon be able to pick up full-on silver or gunmetal models too.. More importantly, the M9 sits in my hand with just the right amount of weight and gravitas. It's light without feeling chintzy; it screams "solid," maybe even a little more than the M8 did. No wonder HTC's brass has spent so much breath talking up that machined chassis. To hear them tell it, the metal's "jewelry-grade" finish resists scratches and crafting each M9 involves 70 steps and takes 300 minutes to complete. Similar attention has been paid to what wound up inside the phone: We're looking at one of Qualcomm's octa-core Snapdragon 810s (a bit of silicon that pairs a 2.0GHz quad-core processor with another 1.5GHz quad-core unit), 3GB of DDR4 RAM, 32GB of storage and support for super-fast LTE Cat 9 data speeds where they're available. All of that together is enough to make you wonder how well the company can produce these things at scale, but the effect is mostly wonderful. Yep, that's right: "mostly." The biggest physical offender is hard to miss: The gold edge that runs around the M9's sides terminates in a pronounced ridge that feels completely out of place. Some will mind it less than others -- it does make the M9's body feel less slippery than the M8's -- but a colleague summed up my feelings best when he said it was like having the edge of a butter knife pressed into your palm. Possible butterfinger moments aside, the beauty of the M8's curves was that it made the physicality of the phone sort of fade into the background. At least that edge won't catch on your pockets when you whip your phone out. All told, it'd be easy to snipe at HTC for playing it too safe this year. I had to fight the temptation to do so myself. Like it or not, HTC's design chiefs have a clear sense of what they want their flagships to look and feel like and they seem more than happy to chip away in a single direction year after year. That's just great for their sense of artistry, but we'll see if people actually flock to a phone that doesn't look like a dramatic improvement over the ones that came before.. While rivals like Samsung and LG have flung their arms open to embrace Quad HD screens, HTC seems more than happy to buck the trend. Need evidence? Look no further than the M9's face -- the flagship comes loaded with a 5-inch Super LCD 3 display running at 1080p, putting it well behind the competition when it comes to sheer pixel density. Thing is, that's far more of a disadvantage on paper than in practice. After all, you'd be hard-pressed to pick out an individual pixel on the M9's display, and viewing angles are still first-rate here. What's more curious than HTC's resolution decision is just how different it is from the panel placed in the M8. The M9's LCD is altogether much cooler than the M8's, which makes for crisper, more neutral whites at the expense of slightly less impactful blacks. I spend more time than I'd like to admit poking around on Instagram every day, but the difference couldn't have been any clearer than there -- colors were much punchier on the M8's screen, while the flower, puppy, graffiti and food pictures Instagram is notorious for came across as less saturated and, dare I say, neutered on the M9. Your mileage may vary (I've always preferred the slight oversaturation of AMOLED screens), but a certain dose of pop that made some photos come alive on last year's model is gone here, and I'm frankly bummed because of it.. If there's one thing HTC knows, though, it's how to shoehorn a pair of speakers into a smartphone. BoomSound is back for a third year running and the dual-speaker setup still mostly sets a high bar for the rest of the industry's high-end wares. Yep, there's that pesky "mostly" again. I've run both the M8 and the M9 through my usual slew of test tracks, ranging from poppy ethereal stuff like Mika's The Origin Of Love album to Sambomaster's furious Japanese rock, and once again found that the M8 usually did a better job of reproducing classic tunes than its successor. Most times, the M8 was a touch louder and shined a little more light on the primary vocal track in the mix; meanwhile, the M9 projected a soundscape that drew me in a little more thanks to cleaner channel separation, but seemed softer in comparison. That doesn't mean the M9 is necessarily worse, just that it seems to be tuned a little differently. HTC has Dolby Audio running in the background to help give those speakers some more oomph , and I can't help but wonder if that extra software isn't to blame -- too bad there's no way to turn it off. If you're feeling really picky, you can toggle between Music and Theater modes in the settings, but I honestly couldn't make out the difference either way.. Remember the old, overwrought days of Sense? With that gigantic weather/clock widget and HTC's insistence that basically every bit of Android had to be customized to within an inch of its life? Yeah, so do I. HTC's done a great job of dialing back its influence on Android over the past few generations, and we're now left with a version of Sense that's both smarter and great at getting out of your way when you want it to. If you've spent any time at all with the M8, you'll feel right at home here -- just about all of the software features that made it what it was are back on top of Android 5.0.2, along with a few smart new bits that strive to do more than they actually can.. Gallery: A tour of HTC's Sense 7 UI | 39 Photos. Sense 7's look is pretty vanilla (and pretty Material Design-y) right out of the box. A clock widget stares back at you like it always has; BlinkFeed lives to the left of the home screen; and your app launcher is set up vertically with a customizable grid. The first new addition you'll see is the Sense Home widget, and its raison d'etre is simple -- it wants to show you apps you actually want when you're at home, work or just out somewhere. Once you've defined your home and work locations, it does a solid job of remembering what apps you tend to use where, even if it does take a while for your preferences to stick. Thankfully, you can just drag and drop your most-used apps right into the folder.. HTC has expanded BlinkFeed's reach, too. In addition to giving you a grid of news and social updates to thumb through when you're bored, it'll now offer up Yelp recommendations (devices in different markets will lean on different services) when it thinks you might be jonesing for coffee or dinner. Those suggestions live atop your grid of stories to consume by default, but they'll also take over your lock screen too given enough time. It's actually a pretty great idea, but a feature like this is only really worth a damn if it knows what you like. Alas, the suggestions BlinkFeed has offered up so far haven't been earthshakers -- they just point out highly rated eateries near you, and there doesn't seem to be a way to connect it to your Yelp account to give it a sense of your tastes. If you're anything like me, though, you'll be so used to unlocking a dark screen with a swipe up that the in-your-face recommendations might go completely unnoticed anyway.. To complete the "all about you" philosophy at play here, you can create and apply your own visual themes if the stock look is just too milquetoast for you. Fonts, icon sets, wallpapers, color schemes, sounds; all of them can be mixed and matched in HTC's Themes app, and to my utter surprise, making a Myspace-circa-2006-style train wreck is harder than you'd think. That doesn't mean it's impossible, though, and a few minutes spent poking around HTC's Themes hub is proof enough of that. After downloading and installing a slew of themes from 75 or so available at the time of writing, I got to work -- after just a few minutes of agonizing over the right Hong Kong skyline wallpaper and icon set, I created a gold-and-silver aesthetic I've been looking at with a funny sense of pride ever since. If your well of inspiration is running a little dry, you can load up an existing photo and have the app work up a color scheme straight from that.. My only complaint is that you can't go as far as you might think. Some themes you download from HTC's hub come with stylized clock widgets and Android navigation keys, but you can't swap those in and out of your theme the way you can with basically everything else right on the device. Like it or not, you'll have to pop over to HTC's dedicated theming site on a desktop or tablet to get it done.. Really, though, these three features are just the most blatant changes to Sense as we know it. All of Lollipop's niceties are here too, like the ability to pin apps and filter the notifications you get by priority. You can change what quick settings panels appear when you drag down your notification shade. Oh, and the traditional Back-Home-Recent Apps order for Android's navigation keys? You can finally rearrange them, add to them or swap them out for screen toggles and quick settings access. Throw in a very, very useful Help app that'll help diagnose what's up with your ailing phone, and you've got a thorough suite of software at least tries to be there for you.. I haven't enjoyed a Sense-ified build this much in years, but it sure isn't perfect. For me, the biggest immediate sin is the keyboard, or more specifically, its auto-corrections. I'm normally willing to cut these international units some extra slack on this front, but even with the input language set to United States English, the auto-corrections and assumptions it made led to countless errors that seem puzzling in their stupidity. Is "Im" so frequently used that the keyboard never tries to swap in an "I'm" instead? "Thjng" was never, ever successfully corrected, even though I clearly meant "thing". Having an Enter key right below Backspace also meant malformed messages went out almost as frequently as proper ones. Thankfully, the Google Keyboard is just a few quick taps away in the Play Store.. The Sense Home widget also recommends new apps to you in a special folder by default. It's easy enough to ditch completely, but it rubs me the wrong way for two reasons. First, HTC hasn't ruled out the possibility of sponsored suggestions, and I don't really want HTC's financial partnerships getting in the way of my carefully cultivated home screen. Second, and more important, some of these suggestions are just awful. For some reason, about a week into testing, it suggested I download an app for the Turkish equivalent of Seamless and an apparently Korean-made app that links to YouTube videos of Billboard Top 100 songs. what? I'm willing to chalk this up as some quirk inherent to international models, but man, is this just silly.. Here's where things get a little tricky. HTC spent the better part of 2014 arguing that yes, UltraPixels were the future of mobile photography and talking up situations where that bigger pixel size is a plus. With the M9, though, that message is even more muddled. Sure, there's an UltraPixel camera up front (more on that a little later), but the primary shooter 'round the back is a 20-megapixel affair and it didn't leave much of an impression the first time I used it. It did leave an impression, just not a very good one. Due to some sketchy pre-production software, the M9's early photos took on a peculiar greenish cast and generally looked worse than what the M8's year-old UltraPixel camera came up with in the same situations. Thankfully, most of those issues have been killed off with a patch, and we're now left with a primary camera that doesn't make me want to cry.. Gallery: HTC One M9 camera samples | 23 Photos. Performance and battery life HTC One M9 LG G Flex2 Samsung Galaxy Note Edge iPhone 6 Plus AndEBench Pro 7,404 7,167 8,886 N/A Vellamo 3.0 2,874 4,684 1,882 N/A 3DMark IS Unlimited 21,409 22,207 19,912 17,902 SunSpider 1.0.2 (ms) 706 667 788 388 GFXBench 3.0 1080p Manhattan Offscreen (fps) 22 21 18.4 18.2 CF-Bench 53,579 68,426 40,143 N/A SunSpider: Lower scores are better. In bright, consistent light, the M9 fires off detailed photos with nicely reproduced colors -- they can be a little washed out compared to the M8, though, and the cooler screen on the M9 doesn't help them look any better. Here's the rub: You'd expect this thing to be uniformly better than the UltraPixel shooter HTC's been pushing, but that's just not always the case. I'm not just talking about low-light situations where the UltraPixel camera truly shines, either. Sometimes the M9 comes through with crisper details; other times the M8 seems to do a better job. Sometimes the M9 has richer, more accurately exposed colors; sometimes it doesn't. You get where I'm going with this. It's such a mixed bag that I'm honestly surprised HTC gave in to the simplicity of advertising a camera based on its megapixel count at all. When the company dropped the news, I think we were all hoping the company's megapixel gamble would pay off in spades. At least the UltraPixel selfie camera still works the way you'd expect. The lens is wide enough to capture most of your crew come Groufie time and, as usual, it excels in darker climes like bars and clubs (though you might come out looking a little pink for your liking).. On the plus side, HTC's Camera app is still one of the more in-depth we've seen ship on a smartphone, and it's easy enough to dismiss gritty technical bits like exposure control, ISO and white balance if you'd rather not bother. Oh, a quick heads-up to all those serious mobile photographers -- the M9 technically supports shooting RAW photos, but good luck getting that to work without a little dedicated developer support. Swiping to the left and right still lets you hop among Panorama, Selfie and standard Photo modes, and they're actually labeled this time too! It's all about the little things sometimes. Delve deep enough into the settings and you'll discover that HTC has finally put together a phone that can shoot video in 4K, though it'll only record 6 minutes of super high-def footage in a go. Sadly, most of my test recordings suffered from the same washed-out look that the M9's photos had trouble with during most of my weeks testing.. Speaking of the little things, HTC's full suite of image-editing tricks are back too, from mainstays like red-eye removal to body-horror playthings like Face Contour (seriously, run it on the same photo a few times and tell me you're not terrified). Feeling really festive? You can festoon your pictures with floating particles, be they snowflakes or cherry blossoms or shapes of your own choosing. I have no earthly idea why anyone would need this, but it's cute, so someone somewhere will surely have a blast with it. Too bad you can't save the resulting tableau as a GIF; it'll wind up being saved as a static JPEG or a video file. You'll have an easier time indulging your artsy side with the editor's new double exposure and Prismatic features, too. The former does pretty much what the name says (with occasionally freaky results like the shot above), but the latter takes a cue from apps like Fragment by letting you stick trippy polygons and line art on top of your photos. Trust me, it's cooler than it sounds.. HTC might not have been the first to out a Snapdragon 810-powered phone, but make no mistake: There's some seriously powerful silicon thrumming away inside the M9's metal frame. The surest sign of a strong performer is its ability to make you stop thinking about its performance altogether, and that's almost completely the case here. I've spent the better part of two weeks basically treating this thing like crap -- furiously firing up and cycling through apps, wiling away hours crashing into walls in Asphalt 8 , watching high-res videos until I was bored stupid -- and I haven't yet found a scenario where the M9's combination of lightweight software and speedy hardware let me down. Now about that elephant in the room. Yes, the M9 can get almost uncomfortably warm if you make it a point to push it hard -- I noticed it mostly during my repeated benchmark testing, which most average users will never, ever have to worry about. The M9's all-metal chassis still gets warm during more normal hardware-intensive tasks like bashing zombies in the face in Dead Trigger 2 , but considerably less so than during benchmarks and never to the point where I was worried about hurting myself. By now, it's more than clear that the 810 isn't a particularly cool customer, and HTC gets some props for trying to mitigate the issue before the M9's official launch. That said, the company's approach to thermal throttling seems to have had an effect on the numbers the phone put up -- the One M9 and the G Flex2 were just about neck and neck throughout the whole process, save for a few tests where the M9 scored consistently lower.. You won't be left wanting for horsepower, but the 2,840mAh battery was more of a mixed bag. In the standard Engadget rundown test (with a video set to loop endlessly while the screen's set to 50 percent brightness), the M9 stuck around for eight hours and 19 minutes -- a decent increase over the original One M7, but far short of the 11-plus hours we squeezed out of the M8 last year and the 10-plus hours the G Flex2 put up. That seems abnormally low, especially considering that the M9 did just fine when it came to average daily use: It regularly hung around for 13 to 14 hours of continuous work use (including a few spells as a mobile hotspot during press events) without batting an eye. Using the thing judiciously could obviously pump up those numbers even more, as would firing up its Extreme Power Saving mode (though you'll lose access to all but the most crucial apps as a result).. I've been spending all this time with the international version of the One M9, and by the time you read this it'll have started trickling onto store shelves in a few far-flung markets. All four major US wireless carriers have pledged to carry it (no word on price yet, but the usual $650 sans contract/$200 with seems likely), so it won't be long before M9s will be all over the place. What else should you be looking at? We're starting to see the first batch of Samsung Galaxy S6 and S6 edge reviews make the rounds, and while we haven't spent more than a half-hour with the things to date, there's no denying that they're going to be two of the M9's fiercest Android competitors this year. We're looking forward to seeing how the Snapdragon 810 in the M9 stacks up to Samsung's homespun silicon, but the M9 already seems to have a leg up on the S6 when it comes to eye candy. The S6 edge is a completely different story -- I still maintain it's the best-looking phone Samsung has ever made -- but you're going to pay a hefty premium for a phone that's functionally identical to the S6. If you need a high-powered competitor right now, there's always the G Flex2. LG beat HTC to the silicon-studded punch by bringing the Snapdragon 810-powered device to Sprint earlier this month (it'll hit AT&T soon, too) and it's strikingly pretty to boot. You'll miss out on Sense's occasional thoughtfulness and a rock-sturdy body, but LG's light touch with Android 5.0 and the sheer "wow" factor of a curvy phone just might be worth it for you. HTC's older One M8 is still no slouch either, and the punchier display, plus some slightly louder BoomSound speakers, might make it a contender for another year if you're persnickety about your media and don't absolutely need the latest and greatest.. It might sound maudlin, but I really wanted to love the One M9 as much as I did the One M7. This seemed like the year HTC would nail it again. They came close! I'm still surprised that it's Sense that I'm most impressed with. BlinkFeed is a first-rate time sink, and theming is a lovely, awfully personal way to kill a few minutes and make your M9 really feel like yours. Sure, the app suggestions are so bad they're almost great for a laugh, but I can ditch them whenever I feel like it. Alas, the M9 is let down by a camera that isn't as good as it should be, strangely tuned BoomSound speakers and the occasional questionable design decision. And yet, despite those quirks, the M9 is still a very, very good phone. It's an utter powerhouse even with thermal throttling in the mix and the now-traditional One aesthetic is as attractive as it's ever been (strange metallic edge aside). That doesn't change the fact that it's still the biggest question mark of the One trio to date, and now I -- along with others, surely -- are left wondering where HTC goes next.. android , google , htc , htcone , m9 , mobilepostcross , onem9 , review , smartphone. Lenovo's Yoga 730 is a cheaper 2-in-1 with Alexa support. The company also announced the Flex 14 at Mobile World Congress.. The Xperia XZ2 is Sony's fastest, strangest flagship phone yet. And as usual, it has a tiny, equally powerful sibling.. Sony will sell its wireless 'open-ear' buds in the US. The Xperia Ear Duo lets you hear both the outside world and your music.. Tesla's electric trucks may be more cost-effective than expected. DHL thinks it could recoup the money in just a year and a half.. Canon's entry-level Rebel T7 DSLR targets social media users. It costs just $550 with an 18-55mm f/3.5-5.6 kit lens.. © 2018 Oath Tech Network Aol Tech. ear icon eye icon text file vr. 
WHAT CAN WE HELP YOU WITH?. SMARTPHONES NEXUS TABLET RE CAMERA UA HEALTHBOX. Chat Online Devices & Accessories Purchase & Order Questions. Buy a M9 for $549 ($100 savings) & get a FREE RE Camera ($199 value). Use Promo code M9PS2016 to redeem $100 savings and FREE Re Camera will be applied at checkout. 
Shop & support Shop & support. Account & services Account & services Account & services Billing & payments Back Billing & payments. View my bill View my bill View my bill Make a payment Make a payment Make a payment Payment activity & options Payment activity & options Payment activity & options. My wireless Back My wireless. Check usage Check usage Check usage Manage data Manage data Manage data Change wireless plan Change wireless plan Change wireless plan International options International options International options Manage devices & features Manage devices & features Manage devices & features Upgrade a device Upgrade a device Upgrade a device Add a device Add a device Add a device Buy accessories Buy accessories Buy accessories Get wireless support Get wireless support Get wireless support My DIRECTV Back My DIRECTV. View package details View package details View package details Shop TV Shop TV Shop TV. Watch TV Watch TV Watch TV. Move my service Move my service Move my service Get TV support Get TV support Get TV support My U-verse TV Back My U-verse TV. View package details View package details View package details Change TV package Change TV package Change TV package Shop TV Shop TV Shop TV. Move my service Move my service Move my service Get TV support Get TV support Get TV support My Internet Back My Internet. View plan details View plan details View plan details Change Internet plan Change Internet plan Change Internet plan Get equipment Get equipment Get equipment Shop Internet Shop Internet Shop Internet. Move my service Move my service Move my service Get Internet support Get Internet support Get Internet support My DSL Back My DSL. View plan details View plan details View plan details Change Internet plan Change Internet plan Change Internet plan Get equipment Get equipment Get equipment Shop Internet Shop Internet Shop Internet. Move my service Move my service Move my service Get Internet support Get Internet support Get Internet support My Dialup Back My Dialup. View plan details View plan details View plan details Change my plan Change my plan Change my plan Get equipment Get equipment Get equipment Shop Internet Shop Internet Shop Internet. Move my service Move my service Move my service Get Internet support Get Internet support Get Internet support My digital home phone Back My digital home phone. View plan details View plan details View plan details Change my plan Change my plan Change my plan Shop Phone Shop Phone Shop Phone. Move my service Move my service Move my service Get home phone support Get home phone support Get home phone support My home phone Back My home phone. View plan details View plan details View plan details Change my plan Change my plan Change my plan Shop Phone Shop Phone Shop Phone. Move my service Move my service Move my service Get home phone support Get home phone support Get home phone support Rewards & offers Back Earn & save. AT&T THANKS AT&T THANKS AT&T THANKS Military savings Military savings Military savings Special offers Special offers Special offers Deals Deals Deals Wireless Back Shop wireless. About wireless About wireless About wireless Phones & tablets Phones & tablets Phones & tablets Talk, text & data plans Talk, text & data plans Talk, text & data plans Connected devices Connected devices Connected devices International options International options International options Features & apps Features & apps Features & apps AT&T PREPAID AT&T PREPAID AT&T PREPAID Bring your own device Bring your own device Bring your own device AT&T Trade-in Program AT&T Trade-in Program AT&T Trade-in Program. Wireless support Wireless support Wireless support TV Back Shop TV. About TV About TV About TV DIRECTV DIRECTV DIRECTV DIRECTV NOW DIRECTV NOW DIRECTV NOW U-verse TV U-verse TV U-verse TV International packages International packages International packages DIRECTV bundles DIRECTV bundles DIRECTV bundles U-verse TV bundles U-verse TV bundles U-verse TV bundles Watch TV Watch TV Watch TV. Move my service Move my service Move my service TV support TV support TV support Internet Back Shop Internet. About Internet plans About Internet plans About Internet plans AT&T Fiber AT&T Fiber AT&T Fiber Access from AT&T Access from AT&T Access from AT&T Internet bundles Internet bundles Internet bundles Internet equipment Internet equipment Internet equipment. Move my service Move my service Move my service Internet support Internet support Internet support Home phone Back Shop home phone. About home phone About home phone About home phone Digital phone plans Digital phone plans Digital phone plans Wireless Home Phone Wireless Home Phone Wireless Home Phone Traditional local phone Traditional local phone Traditional local phone Traditional long distance Traditional long distance Traditional long distance Lifeline Lifeline Lifeline Phones & accessories Phones & accessories Phones & accessories. Move my service Move my service Move my service Home phone support Home phone support Home phone support Bundles Back Shop bundles. DIRECTV + Internet DIRECTV + Internet DIRECTV + Internet DIRECTV + wireless DIRECTV + wireless DIRECTV + wireless U-verse TV + Internet U-verse TV + Internet U-verse TV + Internet TV + Internet + Phone TV + Internet + Phone TV + Internet + Phone Build my own bundle Build my own bundle Build my own bundle Smart technology Back Shop smart technology. About smart technology About smart technology About smart technology Smart home security Smart home security Smart home security Connected car Connected car Connected car Smart watches & devices Smart watches & devices Smart watches & devices Connected Marketplace Connected Marketplace Connected Marketplace Accessories Back Shop accessories. About accessories About accessories About accessories Cases Cases Cases Chargers Chargers Chargers Audio Audio Audio Toys & gadgets Toys & gadgets Toys & gadgets Internet equipment Internet equipment Internet equipment Home accessories Home accessories Home accessories Rewards & offers Back Earn & save. AT&T THANKS AT&T THANKS AT&T THANKS Military savings Military savings Military savings Special offers Special offers Special offers Deals Deals Deals More from AT&T Back More from AT&T. att.net News, entertainment & more att.net News, entertainment & more att.net News, entertainment & more myAT&T app Manage your account myAT&T app Manage your account myAT&T app Manage your account DIRECTV Now Stream TV live + On Demand DIRECTV Now Stream TV live + On Demand DIRECTV Now Stream TV live + On Demand AT&T Call Protect Control nuisance calls AT&T Call Protect Control nuisance calls AT&T Call Protect Control nuisance calls AT&T Digital Life Home security & automation AT&T Digital Life Home security & automation AT&T Digital Life Home security & automation AT&T THANKS Easily take advantage of your AT&T THANKS benefits. AT&T THANKS Easily take advantage of your AT&T THANKS benefits. AT&T THANKS Easily take advantage of your AT&T THANKS benefits. AT&T Mobile Security Helps protect your data from mobile threats. AT&T Mobile Security Helps protect your data from mobile threats. AT&T Mobile Security Helps protect your data from mobile threats. AT&T FamilyMap Know your family’s location AT&T FamilyMap Know your family’s location AT&T FamilyMap Know your family’s location. Support center Support center Support center Check order status Check order status Check order status Find a store Find a store Find a store Contact us Contact us Contact us. Small business Small business Small business Enterprise business Enterprise business Enterprise business Partner solutions Partner solutions Partner solutions Government agency Government agency Government agency. Help me choose Help me choose Help me choose. You already have items in your cart for postpaid service. Sorry, but prepaid and postpaid service can't be combined in the same order. If you'd like to order both prepaid and postpaid service, please place two separate orders.. Your device is compatible, but we are unable to find the correct SIM card. To complete your order, please call AT&T Customer Service at 800.331.0500 or find the nearest AT&T store.. The IMEI number you entered was not recognized. Please check your IMEI number and try again.. We found some problems with the IMEI number you have entered. There are a number of reasons this can occur. Please ensure the IMEI you entered matches the device. If you continue to encounter problems contact Customer Service at 800.331.0500 for further help.. We're sorry, your IMEI number can't be located at this time due to database maintenance. We couldn’t complete your trade-in at this time. Continue to complete your order.. After checking out, you’ll receive info to help you with your trade-in.. You’re not done with your old device yet. Trade it in for an AT&T Promotion Card—good for AT&T products and services. Your trade-in information will be submitted along with your order.. Appraised value: {{amount | currency | dollars}} {{amount | currency | cents}}. When you pick up your device in the store, you can exchange your old device for an AT&T Promotion Card—good for AT&T products and services. Not interested? We’ll send you a mailer just in case you change your mind.. It’s easy to complete your trade-in online. We’ll send your prepaid shipping supplies in 5 to 7 days. Pack and ship your device to receive your AT&T Promotion Card—good for AT&T products and services.. Your trade-in info will be submitted along with your order.. HTC One M9 - Gold on Silver. Get the HTC One M9 at AT&T. Key features include: all metal body with dual-tone finish, 5-inch full HD screen, and a 20 MP camera to take great photos.. {{ minPrices.lease.monthlyLeasePrice | currency | dollars }} {{ minPrices.lease.monthlyLeasePrice | currency | cents }} /mo. Requires 0% APR {{minPrices.lease.leaseTotalMonths}}-month installment agreement, well-qualified credit and service. {{ minPrices.regular.dueToday | currency | dollars }} {{ minPrices.regular.dueToday | currency | cents }}. Please enter a valid IMEI number.. Please enter a different IMEI number to continue.. Enter your device's IMEI number so we can ensure this is the right SIM card for you. If we notice any issues, we'll let you know.. To find your IMEI number, dial *#06# on your keypad. This will return your IMEI number. More ways to find your IMEI. Go to your device "Settings" menu and look for "General" or "About." Your IMEI number should be listed there. More ways to find your IMEI. *No-annual-contract pricing new activation and qualifying monthly voice plan. local time to get it today. Pick up in store today |. Pick up in a nearby store. Just {{myFavDeviceStock}} left at this store. See more stores with this product. See more stores with this product. Tell us where you are to see a list of stores in your area.. Online and store prices may differ, and prices may vary from store to store.. Showing availability at company-owned AT&T stores and kiosks only.. from {{x.priceDisplay.price | currency}} /mo.. Continuing its winning ways by following up consecutive phone of the year awards, the new HTC One ® looks sleek and performs exceptionally.*. Intuitive apps that anticipate your needs. *Phone of the year, www.T3.com, 2013 and 2014.. The sleek all-metal body is not only a sight to behold; the precisely-shaped ergonomic design is a pleasure to hold. The 5-inch full HD 1080P display delivers high-definition sharpness and vibrant colors while the optional dual-tone finish makes this a phone that you can’t look away from.. Capture amazing photos and videos using the 20MP camera with sapphire glass lens cover and enhance them with easy on-screen edits.. With front-facing speakers, built-in amp, and. Dolby Audio TM surround*, you can enjoy. And it’s easy to pair with. other speakers and devices to avoid the. HTC provides one free phone replacement within the first 12 months of ownership for a cracked screen or water damage. If you don’t need a replacement, HTC will give you $100 toward the purchase of your next HTC One.*. *Uh Oh Protection: Provided by HTC. Valid only for new HTC One (M8 or M9) phones purchased between 3/25/15 and 2/29/16. One-time replacement for damaged screen or moisture damage within first 12 months or one-time $100 credit toward purchase of new HTC One phone within 12–24 months of purchase if replacement is not used. Requires proof of purchase and redemption at htc.com. See Uh Oh Protection details .. ECO-RATING 2.0 – Make an informed choice. The AT&T Eco-Rating 2.0 system gives you environmental and social details about this device. The system uses a total of 20 performance criteria across 5 different attributes. Premium design with full metal body and zero-gap construction.. Combine photos to build videos with friends and share with the world.. Dual front-facing speakers with built-in amps and bass-to-treble balancing.. More photo depth, better light capture, and more control over the results.. HTC Duo Camera™ with autofocus and Dual LED flash. MP3, AAC, AMR, OGG, M4A, MIDI, WAV, WMA. Insert pictures, video clips and sound clips easily (messaging charges apply). POP3/IMAP, Gmail™, Microsoft® Exchange ActiveSync®, Yahoo!®. Facebook®, Twitter™, Kindle for Android, City ID®, Stocks, Voice Search, Weather, HTC TV, KeyVPN, FitBit. AT&T Navigator®, AT&T FamilyMap, AT&T Code Scanner, myAT&T, AT&T HotSpots, AT&T Mobile TV®, YPmobile®, AT&T Ready2Go, AT&T Smart Wi-Fi, AT&T Messaging, AT&T DriveMode™, AT&T Device Help, ISIS Mobile Wallet, AT&T Usage Manager.. Provides fast, easy account access virtually anywhere, anytime***. Visit www.att.com/ecospace for additional information.. USB connectivity - transfer data through a USB cable. Offers easy online setup and personalization of your new smartphone. See Quickstart Guide included in box for details.. Device Help provides easy access to step by step tutorials and videos about features, functions and AT&T services directly from the web browser on the device (data charges apply).. Up to 20 hours for 3G. Up to 20.6 days for 3G. Bands 2, 4, 5, 7 and 17. FOTA capable - upgrade Firmware Over The Air. 1920x1080 Full HD 1080p Super TFT; 440ppi. FREE Express Shipping: Postpaid orders will be processed and shipped subject to credit approval, inventory availability, and validation of a proper shipping address and other information. CT will be processed the next business day. Inventory, credit, or other issues may delay shipment. No holiday, Saturday, or Sunday processing or delivery. Shipping policy is subject to change. Please note: It may take up to 24 hours to process your order if there are any issues with the credit approval process and/or the shipping address validation process. This 24-hour period is not included in the delivery time and should be taken into account in your order placement timing. Priority Shipments to Puerto Rico and the U.S. Virgin Islands may take more than 2 business days. Actual delivery date may also be affected by government processing, unforeseen weather, and shipping carrier delays. Learn more about AT&T shipping options at att.com/shop/wireless/free-shipping.html .. AT&T NEXT OR AT&T NEXT EVERY YEAR:. Tax on sales price due at sale. Requires 0% APR monthly installment agreement and eligible service. Divides sales price into monthly installments.. 30-month agreement with trade-in to upgrade when 80% of sales price is paid off.. 24-month agreement with trade-in to upgrade when 50% of sales price is paid off.. Limit as low as 2 smartphones at $0 down.. May be required and depends on a variety of factors. Down payment if required will be either 30% of sales price or a dollar amount ranging from currently $0 to $600 ( amount subject to change, and may be higher ). You may choose to pay more upfront. Remainder of sales price is divided into 30 or 24 monthly installments.. Eligible postpaid voice and data service (minimum $45 per month after AutoPay and Paperless billing discount for new customers. Pay $55 per month until discount starts within 2 bills. Existing customers can add to eligible current plans which may be less) is required and extra.. If service is cancelled, remaining installment agreement balance is due. $749.99 sales price on AT&T Next (30-month) with $0 down is $25 per month, with $225 down (30%) is $17.50 per month, or with $600 down is $5 per month. On AT&T Next Every Year (24-month) with $0 down is $31.25 per month, with $225 down (30%) is $21.88 per month, or with $600 down is $6.25 per month.. No upgrade fee for line with a smartphone purchased on an installment agreement prior to August 1, 2015.. Waiver of fee subject to change. Eligibility, device, line and financing limits & other restr’s apply.. Requires payment of percentage of sales price (50% or 80%), account in good standing, trade-in of financed device (or one of the same make and model) in good physical and fully functional condition through the AT&T Next or AT&T Next Every Year trade-in program (excludes AT&T trade-in program where you receive an instant credit or AT&T promotion card), and purchase of new eligible smartphone with qualified wireless service. After upgrade, unbilled installments are waived. and your Retail Installment Agreement for full details.. GENERAL WIRELESS SERVICE: Subject to wireless customer agreement ( att.com/wca ). Limits: Purchase and line limits apply. Credit approval, fees, monthly and other charges, usage, eligibility and other restrictions per line may apply. See att.com/additionalcharges for more details on other charges. Pricing and terms are subject to change and may be modified or terminated at any time without notice. Coverage and service are not available everywhere. You get an off-net (roaming) usage allowance for each service. If you exceed the allowance, your services may be restricted or terminated. Other restrictions apply and may result in service termination. For info on AT&T network management policies see att.com/broadbandinfo .. SWITCH OFFER: Ltd time (ends 12/31/16 in Puerto Rico). Each line reqs an eligible port-in, trade-in, purchase, svc & final bill submission. Credits may not equal all costs of switching.. port-in: From eligible carrier (excludes Cricket & select others) on their term agmt or device plan (excludes 3 rd party agmts).. Purchase/Svc: Smartphone on AT&T Next or AT&T Next Every Year agreement w/elig. svc (excludes prepaid, Lifeline, Residential Wireless and select discounted plans). Acct & svc must remain active & in good standing for 45 days. If svc is cancelled, installment agmt balance is due. Must be smartphone on line ported, be in good working condition w/ min. $5 trade-in value & meet AT&T Trade-in program reqmts. Trade-in Credit: Instant credit or private label AT&T Promotion Card issued by MetaBank™ or CenterState Bank of Florida NA, via license from Visa U.S.A. (may take 3 weeks to receive). Credit/Card valid for 5 months & for. AT&T products & svc in AT&T owned retail stores, at att.com , or to pay wireless bill. At participating dealers get credit (w/ add’l terms) for use at dealer. Final Bill: Must go to att.com/helpyouswitch & upload or mail final bill w/in 60 days showing Early Termination Fee (ETF) or device plan balance (incl. Final Credit: Total amount equals device balance/ETF (excludes taxes, fees, svc & other charges) up to $650 minus trade-in.. Get up to $640 for device plan balance or up to $340 for ETF. W/in 4 wks after meet elig. reqmts, are mailed AT&T Promotion Visa Prepaid Card issued by CenterState Bank of Florida NA, via license from Visa U.S.A. Not redeemable for cash & non-transferable. For use at US locations where Visa cards are accepted through date printed on card (min. Add’l cardholder terms & conditions apply & are provided w/Prepaid Card. See att.com/switch for offer details.. *Manufactured under license from Dolby Laboratories. Dolby and Dolby Audio are trademarks of Dolby Laboratories.. AT&T Navigator, and AT&T Digital Life require a separate subscription. Programming is subject to blackout restrictions. Download and watch capability available for select content, requires Wi-Fi connection, and is available for viewing for limited time periods. AT&T DriveMode is free to AT&T customers. Standard data and messaging rates apply to auto-reply messages.. ***Online account registration is required for activation. ****Uh Oh Protection: Limited warranty protection provided by HTC. Valid only for new HTC One M8 or M9 devices purchased between March 25, 2015, and February 29, 2016. HTC provides one-time device replacement for accidental cracked, scratched, or broken screen, or malfunction or damage due to moisture within the first 12 months of purchase. Must return damaged device; otherwise a fee will apply. Replacement may be with reconditioned product and/or parts. $ 100 Credit: If Uh Oh replacement not used during first 12 months, eligible customer receives $100 credit toward purchase of new HTC One M9 or later series phone. Credit is non-transferable and must be applied for and redeemed between 12–24 months of purchase through htc.com/us/uh-oh-protection. Visit htc.com/us/uh-oh-protection/terms/ for full terms and conditions.. *****HD Voice has limited availability in select markets. May not be available in your area. HD Voice Requirements: To experience HD Voice, both parties on the call must be located in an AT&T HD Voice coverage area and have an AT&T HD Voice-capable device and SIM with HD Voice set up on their account. HD Voice-capable device selection is limited at this time. Incompatible Services/Features: The following services/features are currently incompatible with HD Voice: prepaid service, Smart Limits, Ringback Tones, and OfficeDirect and OfficeReach (for business customers). HD Voice is available at no additional cost; standard voice rates apply and are charged according to your wireless rate plan. Demo provides example of actual HD Voice call. All talk, data, and standby times depend on network configuration.. All marks contained herein are the property of their respective owners.. AT&T, the AT&T logo, and all other AT&T marks contained herein are trademarks of AT&T Intellectual Property and/or AT&T affiliated companies. Subsidiaries and affiliates of AT&T Inc. provide products and services under the AT&T brand. All other trademarks are the property of their respective owners.. 6729A(HTC One M9 - Gold on Silver). Transfer contacts, photos, videos and more to your new phone for FREE.. Returns Policy & Early Termination Fee |. Find a store Find a store Make a store appointment Make a store appointment Coverage maps Coverage maps Business customers Business customers. About AT&T About AT&T Contact us Contact us Feedback Feedback Ver en español. Legal policy center Legal policy center Privacy policy Privacy policy Terms of use Terms of use Broadband details Broadband details Advertising choices Advertising choices Accessibility Accessibility Site map Site map. 
Our new search experience requires JavaScript to be enabled. Please enable JavaScript on your browser , then try again .. All Categories Antiques Art Baby Books Business & Industrial Cameras & Photo Cell Phones & Accessories Clothing, Shoes & Accessories Coins & Paper Money Collectibles Computers/Tablets & Networking Consumer Electronics Crafts Dolls & Bears DVDs & Movies eBay Motors Entertainment Memorabilia Gift Cards & Coupons Health & Beauty Home & Garden Jewelry & Watches Music Musical Instruments & Gear Pet Supplies Pottery & Glass Real Estate Specialty Services Sporting Goods Sports Mem, Cards & Fan Shop Stamps Tickets & Experiences Toys & Hobbies Travel Video Games & Consoles Everything Else. Hi ( Sign in to bid or buy) Daily Deals Gift Cards Help & Contact Sell. Summary Recently Viewed Bids/Offers Watch List Purchase History Selling Saved Searches Saved Sellers Messages. Refine your search for htc one m9 case. All Listings - Current page. results for htc one m9 case. Save htc one m9 case to get e-mail alerts and updates on your eBay Feed.. Unfollow htc one m9 case to stop getting updates on your eBay Feed.. You'll receive email and Feed alerts when new items arrive. Afghanistan - AFG Albania - ALB Algeria - DZA American Samoa - ASM Andorra - AND Angola - AGO Anguilla - AIA Antigua and Barbuda - ATG Argentina - ARG Armenia - ARM Aruba - ABW Australia - AUS Austria - AUT Azerbaijan Republic - AZE Bahamas - BHS Bahrain - BHR Bangladesh - BGD Barbados - BRB Belarus - BLR Belgium - BEL Belize - BLZ Benin - BEN Bermuda - BMU Bhutan - BTN Bolivia - BOL Bosnia and Herzegovina - BIH Botswana - BWA Brazil - BRA British Virgin Islands - VGB Brunei Darussalam - BRN Bulgaria - BGR Burkina Faso - BFA Burma - MMR Burundi - BDI Cambodia - KHM Cameroon - CMR Canada - CAN Cape Verde Islands - CPV Cayman Islands - CYM Central African Republic - CAF Chad - TCD Chile - CHL China - CHN Colombia - COL Comoros - COM Congo, Democratic Republic of the - COD Congo, Republic of the - COG Cook Islands - COK Costa Rica - CRI Cote d Ivoire (Ivory Coast) - CIV Croatia, Republic of - HRV Cyprus - CYP Czech Republic - CZE Denmark - DNK Djibouti - DJI Dominica - DMA Dominican Republic - DOM Ecuador - ECU Egypt - EGY El Salvador - SLV Equatorial Guinea - GNQ Eritrea - ERI Estonia - EST Ethiopia - ETH Falkland Islands (Islas Malvinas) - FLK Fiji - FJI Finland - FIN France - FRA French Guiana - GUF French Polynesia - PYF Gabon Republic - GAB Gambia - GMB Georgia - GEO Germany - DEU Ghana - GHA Gibraltar - GIB Greece - GRC Greenland - GRL Grenada - GRD Guadeloupe - GLP Guam - GUM Guatemala - GTM Guernsey - GGY Guinea - GIN Guinea-Bissau - GNB Guyana - GUY Haiti - HTI Honduras - HND Hong Kong - HKG Hungary - HUN Iceland - ISL India - IND Indonesia - IDN Ireland - IRL Israel - ISR Italy - ITA Jamaica - JAM Japan - JPN Jersey - JEY Jordan - JOR Kazakhstan - KAZ Kenya - KEN Kiribati - KIR Korea, South - KOR Kuwait - KWT Kyrgyzstan - KGZ Laos - LAO Latvia - LVA Lebanon - LBN Liechtenstein - LIE Lithuania - LTU Luxembourg - LUX Macau - MAC Macedonia - MKD Madagascar - MDG Malawi - MWI Malaysia - MYS Maldives - MDV Mali - MLI Malta - MLT Marshall Islands - MHL Martinique - MTQ Mauritania - MRT Mauritius - MUS Mayotte - MYT Mexico - MEX Micronesia - FSM Moldova - MDA Monaco - MCO Mongolia - MNG Montenegro - MNE Montserrat - MSR Morocco - MAR Mozambique - MOZ Namibia - NAM Nauru - NRU Nepal - NPL Netherlands - NLD Netherlands Antilles - ANT New Caledonia - NCL New Zealand - NZL Nicaragua - NIC Niger - NER Nigeria - NGA Niue - NIU Norway - NOR Oman - OMN Pakistan - PAK Palau - PLW Panama - PAN Papua New Guinea - PNG Paraguay - PRY Peru - PER Philippines - PHL Poland - POL Portugal - PRT Puerto Rico - PRI Qatar - QAT Reunion - REU Romania - ROU Russian Federation - RUS Rwanda - RWA Saint Helena - SHN Saint Kitts-Nevis - KNA Saint Lucia - LCA Saint Pierre and Miquelon - SPM Saint Vincent and the Grenadines - VCT San Marino - SMR Saudi Arabia - SAU Senegal - SEN Serbia - SRB Seychelles - SYC Sierra Leone - SLE Singapore - SGP Slovakia - SVK Slovenia - SVN Solomon Islands - SLB Somalia - SOM South Africa - ZAF Spain - ESP Sri Lanka - LKA Suriname - SUR Swaziland - SWZ Sweden - SWE Switzerland - CHE Taiwan - TWN Tajikistan - TJK Tanzania - TZA Thailand - THA Togo - TGO Tonga - TON Trinidad and Tobago - TTO Tunisia - TUN Turkey - TUR Turkmenistan - TKM Turks and Caicos Islands - TCA Tuvalu - TUV Uganda - UGA Ukraine - UKR United Arab Emirates - ARE United Kingdom - UK United States - USA Uruguay - URU Uzbekistan - UZB Vanuatu - VUT Vatican City State - VAT Venezuela - VEN Vietnam - VNM Virgin Islands (U.S) - VIR Wallis and Futuna - WLF Western Sahara - ESH Western Samoa - WSM Yemen - YEM Zambia - ZMB Zimbabwe - ZWE. Vena Thin Hybrid Brushed Metal Aluminum Protective Case Skin For HTC One M9 Hima. Matte Plastic 5.2for HTC One M9 Plus Case For HTC One M9 Plus Cover. For HTC ONE M8 M8 mini M9 M9 Plus ULTRA THIN Silicone Soft Cover Phone Back Case. HTC One M9 Faux Leather Cellphone Pouch Flip Case Case Pouch Accessories Red. Philadelphia Eagles NFL Phone Case Cover for LG G6 G5 G4 HTC One m9 Moto E G X. Soft Silicone TPU Case Thin Clear Back Cover Case For HTC 10 One M7 M8 M9 E8 E9. Vena Shockproof Clear Back Bumper Protective Case Cover For HTC One M9 Hima. For HTC One M9 A9 Hybrid Shockproof Brushed Protective Rugged Armor Cover Case. HTC One M8 M9 M9+ Enhanced Dot View Matrix Mesh Smart Flip Case Cover Ultra Slim. Luxury Genuine Real Leather Flip Case Wallet Cover For HTC One & Desire Models. NEW Premium Waterproof Shock/ Dirt Proof Durable Case Cover For HTC One M7 M8 M9. NEW Hybrid Rugged Rubber ShockProof Hard Matte Case Cover For HTC One M7 M8 M9. Premium Flip Dot View Smart Shockproof Case Cover For HTC ONE M8 M9 E8 E9 ME 820. For HTC ONE M9 Slim [Shell Belt Clip Holster Combo] Kickstand Case by OEM Arden®. Pittsburgh Steelers NFL Phone Case Cover for LG G6 G5 G4 HTC One m9 Moto E G X. 5.0for HTC One M9 Case For HTC One M9 Cell Phone Back Cover Case. Bling Diamond Glitter Sticker Protector Case Cover Skin For HTC One M7 M8 M9 E8. X-Level Luxury Vintage Soft TPU Slim Back Skin Case Cover For HTC One HTC Desire. Smart Dot View Display Slim Flip Case Cover For HTC One M9/M9+ Plus 2015 Edition. HTC DOT VIEW Premium Flip Smart CASE COVER HTC ONE M10 A9 M8 M9 E8 E9 EYE Desire. Luxury Wax PU Leather Wallet Credit Card Slot Back Case Cover For HTC One M8 M9. STUFF4 Back Case/Cover/Ski n for HTC One M9+/Plus/Armou r/Armor. Blue Dallas Cowboys NFL Phone Case Cover for LG G6 G5 G4 HTC One m9 Moto E G X. Atlanta Falcons NFL Phone Case Cover for LG G6 G5 G4 HTC One m9 Moto E G X etc. Nillkin Super Frosted Matte Hard Plastic Back Cover Case For HTC One M9+(M9PLUS). Ultra Thin Clear Transparent Soft TPU Silicone Case Cover for HTC One M9 act. S line Shockproof Rubber Soft Case Cover For HTC Desire 526 626 826 828 M9 M10. Hybrid Heavy Duty Impact Hard Back Case Cover Stand For HTC Desire 820/620/M10. NILLKIN For HTC Super Frosted Shield Fitted Case Cover Skin+ HD Screen Protector. HOT FASHION FLIP GENUINE DOT VIEW WINDOW CASE COVER SKIN FOR HTC ONE M8 M9. Black TPU Gel Skin Cover Case for HTC One M9. NEW Ultra Slim Crystal Bumper Silicone TPU Gel Clear Case Cover For HTC One M9. HTC DOT VIEW Premium Flip Smart CASE COVER FOR HTC ONE M9+ M9 M8. GENUINE OFFICIAL Dot View Flip Leather Smart Case Cover For HTC One M8 M9 A9 E8. For HTC One M8 M9 A9 E8 Aluminium Metallic Brushed Hard case cover. For HTC One Me M9ew M9et Snap On Rubberized Matte Hard Case cover. For HTC One M9 Stand Holder Finger Ring Bling Glitter Cover Case TPU Luxury Soft. HTC One M9 Hybrid Dual Layer Lattice Rhinestones Protective Phone Case Pink Teal. Customized Personal Picture Photo Phone Cover Case For HTC M9. ULTRA THIN CLEAR CRYSTAL TPU GEL SLIM PHONE CASE COVER SKIN FOR HTC ONE M7 M8 M9. New Ultrathin TPU Transparent Soft Case Cover Skin for HTC E8 E9 M7 M8 M9 Desire. Motomo Aluminum Metal Brushed Hybrid Hard Case Cover For HTC One/Desire Series. Ultra Slim Transparent Clear Hard Back Case Cover TPU Frame For HTC One M7 M8 M9. For HTC One Me M9EW M9et TPU Matte Gel skin case cover. For HTC One M7/M8/M9 Waterproof Case Swimming Shockproof Underwater Cover V. Ultra Thin Slim Clear Transparent Soft Silicone TPU Case Cover For HTC ONE Case. 3D Textured Carbon Fibre Skin Sticker Vinly Wrap Decal Case Cover for HTC ONE M9. Original HTC Dot View Case for HTC one M9. HIGH QUALITY FLIP DOT VIEW WINDOW CASE COVER SKIN FOR HTC ONE M8 M9. Luxury Glitte Bling Protective Back TPU Silicone Rubber Soft Case Cover Bumper 2. for HTC ONE M9 Orange Purple Flower Leaf Hot Pink Hard/Soft Hybrid Koolkase Case. for HTC ONE M9 Bright Tribal Triangle Line Hard/Soft Hybrid Rubber Koolkase Case. Brushed TPU Gel Case SKIN Cover for HTC One M9. for HTC ONE M9 Dark Night Blue Flower Black HardSoft Hybrid Rubber Koolkase Case. For HTC ONE M9 - GOLD / BLACK Hybrid Hard&Soft Rubber Kickstand Armor Skin Case. Seattle Seahawks Phone Case fits iPhone X 8 PLUS iPhone 7 iPhone 6s SE etc. Rugged Hard Case Cover & Belt Clip Holster Stand For HTC One M9. San Diego Padres Phone Case fits iPhone X 8 PLUS iPhone 7 iPhone 6s SE etc. Orzly - InvisiCase for HTC ONE M9 100% CLEAR (100% Transparent Color)... SHIPS FREE & FAST - 100% SATISFACTION GUARANTEED !!!. For HTC One M10 M9 / Desire 820/620/510. eBay determines this price through a machine learned model of the product's sale prices within the last 90 days.. eBay determines trending price through a machine learned model of the product’s sale prices within the last 90 days. "New" refers to a brand-new, unused, unopened, undamaged item, and "Used" refers to an item that has been used previously.. Top Rated Plus Sellers with highest buyer ratings Returns, money back Ships in a business day with tracking Learn More. Top Rated Plus Sellers with highest buyer ratings Returns, money back Ships in a business day with tracking Learn More. $ Enter minimum price to $ Enter maximum price. Please enter a minimum and/or maximum price before continuing.. Site Map Copyright © 1995-2018 eBay Inc. Accessibility , User Agreement , Privacy , Cookies and AdChoice Norton Secured - powered by Verisign. Amounts shown in italicized text are for items listed in currency other than U.S. dollars and are approximate conversions to U.S. dollars based upon Bloomberg's conversion rates. For more recent exchange rates, please use the Universal Currency Converter. Number of bids and bid amounts may be slightly out of date. See each listing for international shipping options and costs.. 
Stretch your tax refund See All Departments. Shop Electronics Smart Home Wearable Tech Cameras & Camcorders Walmart for Business Video Games. Shop all TV & Video TVs DVD & Blu-ray Players Home Audio & Theater TV Accessories. Shop all Cell Phones Straight Talk Phones Unlocked Phones Contract Phones No-Contract Phones Prepaid Minutes & Data Cases & Accessories. Shop all iPad & Tablets iPad Windows Tablets Android Tablets Accessories. Shop all Computers Laptops Desktops PC Gaming Printers & Supplies Networking Software Monitors Accessories. Shop all Auto Electronics GPS & Navigation. Shop all Portable Audio iPod & MP3 Players Headphones Speakers & Docks. Shop all Office Supplies Office Electronics School Supplies. Star Wars Marvel: Avengers Musical Instruments Computer Software. Shop all Movies & TV 2-Day Shipping Action & Adventure Blu-ray Discs Boxed Sets Children & Family Instawatch Movie DVDs New Releases Preorders TV Shows. Shop all Music 2-Day Shipping Music Gift Cards Country Music Soundtracks Vinyl New Releases Pop R&B / Soul Rock Top 100 CDs. Shop all Books Deals in books Preorders New Releases Biographies & Memoirs Children's Books Christian Books & Bibles Cookbooks, Food & Wine Comics & Graphic Novels Crafts & Hobbies Humor Literature & Fiction Health and Wellness Teen & Young Adult. Shop all Shop By Room Living Room Bedroom Bathroom Dining Room Kitchen Kids' Room Teens' Room Patio Entryway Office. Shop all Shop By Category Appliances Bath Bedding Furniture Home Decor Kids’ Bedding Kids’ Furniture Kitchen & Dining Lighting Mattresses Patio & Garden Rugs Storage & Organization Vacuums & Floor Care Window Coverings. Shop all Brand Shops KitchenAid Better Homes and Gardens The Pioneer Woman Mainstays. Shop all Specialty Shops Home Gift Guide Back to College Shop by Style. Shop All Home Improvement Bathroom Renovations Kitchen Renovations Water Purification Generators Garage & Storage. Shop all Air Quality Dehumidifiers Humidifiers. Shop all Tools Power Tools Hand Tools. Shop all Heating & Cooling Heaters Fireplaces Stoves. Shop all Paint Interior & Exterior Paint Ladders. Shop all Patio & Garden Patio Furniture Patio & Outdoor Decor Sheds & Outdoor Storage Outdoor Shade Grills & Outdoor Cooking Outdoor Heating Swimming Pools Hot Tubs & Saunas. Shop all Garden Center Outdoor Power Equipment Landscaping Pots & Planters. Shop all Industrial & Scientific Janitorial & Sanitation Supplies Food Service Equipment. Shop All Clothing Intimates & Sleepwear All Shoes Boys' Girls' Swim Shop Spring Fashion Activewear Shop School Uniforms Precious Metals Bags & Accessories Luggage Sleepwear Shop Premium Beauty Fashion Brands Clearance & More. Shop all Women's Women's Plus Juniors' Maternity Women's Shoes. Shop all Jewelry Wedding & Engagement Watches Fine Jewelry Fashion Jewelry Personalized Jewelry. Shop all Men's Men's Big & Tall Young Men's Men's Shoes Men's Jewelry. Shop all Baby & Toddlers' Baby Girl Baby Boy Toddler Girl Toddler Boy Baby & Kids' Shoes. Shop All Baby Baby Deals Parent's Choice Britax Premium Brands Restock Shop Baby Registry Baby Box Strollers Car Seats Baby & Toddler Clothing. Shop all Diapering & Potty Diapers Wipes Diaper Bags. Shop all Feeding Breast Feeding Bottle Feeding Baby Formula Baby Food Toddler Feeding Bibs & Burp Cloths. Shop all Nursery & Décor Cribs Furniture Bedding Décor. Shop all Toddler Room Furniture Bedding. Shop all Play & Travel Gear Playstations & Walkers Playards Swings Carriers & Wraps Baby & Toddler Toys. Shop all Health & Safety Bath Baby Gates Baby Monitors Baby Care. Toys Savings Musical Instruments Boys' Toys Girls' Toys Xbox One X Retro Gaming. Shop all Toys Action Figures Dolls & Dollhouses Cars, Drones & RC LEGO & Building Sets Pretend Play Arts & Crafts Electronics for Kids Learning Toys Nerf & Blasters Stuffed Animals & Plush Games & Puzzles. Shop all Bikes & Ride-Ons Kids' Bikes Ride-On Toys Hoverboards. Shop all Outdoor Play Swing Sets Trampolines. Shop all Shop by Age Preschool 5-7 8-11 12+. Shop all Video Games Virtual Reality New Releases PlayStation 4 Xbox One Nintendo Switch Accessories Digital Gaming Nintendo 3DS / 2DS Nintendo Wii U / Wii PlayStation VR Preorders Used Games. Restock Shop Fresh Flowers Meal Kits & Specialty Food Boxes Grocery Pickup & Delivery. Shop all Shop All Food Coffee Beverages Snacks & Cookies Breakfast & Cereal Meals Condiments Pasta Candy & Gum Soups Canned Goods Emergency Food Baking Center International Food. Shop all Household Essentials Laundry Room Kitchen Bathroom Paper & Plastic Cleaning Supplies Air Fresheners Batteries Pest Control As Seen On TV Light Bulbs. Shop all Shop All Pets Cats Dogs Fish Small Animals Birds Equine Reptiles. Shop all Clearance & Rollbacks Food Household Essentials Pets. Shop all Beauty Makeup Skin Care Fragrances Beauty Tools Hair Care Premium Beauty. Shop all Brands We Love Flower Culturelle OralB Braun ReliOn. Shop all Personal Care Feminine Care Incontinence. Shop all Shave Electric Shavers Razors. Shop all Oral Care Electric Toothbrushes Water Flossers. Shop all Bath & Body Lotions Body Wash. Shop all Vision Center Prescription Eyewear Contact Lenses. Shop all Health Medicine Cabinet Cold, Cough and Flu Digestive Health Home Health Care Diabetes Management. Shop all Wellness Supplements Protein & Fitness Weight Management Aromatherapy. Shop all Pharmacy Refill Prescriptions Transfer Prescriptions. Shop All Sports Outdoor Sports Emergency Prep Ozark Trail Hunting Trampolines Game Room Basketball Sports Fanshop. Shop all Camping Tents Airbeds Canopies & Shelters. Shop all Fishing Rod & Reel Combos. Shop all Boats & Water Sports Canoes, Kayaks & Boats. Shop all Recreation Bikes Lawn Games Air Soft Air Guns Golf. Shop all Team Sports Baseball & Softball Football. Shop all Exercise & Fitness Boxing Mixed Martial Arts. Shop all Exercise Machines Treadmills Bikes Ellipticals Home Gyms. Shop all Strength and Weight Training Fitness Accessories Ab & Core Toners. Shop All Auto Tires Batteries & Accessories Diagnostic Tools Auto Paint & Accessories Auto Interior Auto Exterior Windshield Wipers Motorcycles & ATVs RV Parts & Accessories Auto Detailing & Car Care Auto Services. Shop all Oils & Fluids Motor Oil Antifreeze & Coolants Transmission, Brake, & Steering Fluids. Shop all Automotive Tools & Equipment Car Battery Chargers & Accessories. Shop all Auto Electronics Car DVD & Video Car Stereos Car Speakers & Subwoofers Power Inverters Dash Cams. Shop all Auto Body Repair Auto Repair Tools. Shop all Auto Replacement Parts Oil Filters Engine Air Filters Spark Plugs Brake Parts. Shop all Photo Center Available Same Day Blankets Calendars Canvas & Wall Art Cards & Invitations Home Decor & Gifts Jewelry & Clothing Mugs Office Phone Cases Photo Books Pillows Posters Prints. Shop all Personalized Shop Easter Rollbacks & Clearance Wedding Invitations Wedding Sweepstakes Graduation Home Decor Clothing & Accessories Bedding & Bath Kitchen & Dining Kids Character Shop. Shop all Personalized Jewelry Rings Necklaces Class Rings. Shop all Gift Cards Mail a Gift Card Email a Gift Card Specialty Gift Cards Check Card Balances Corporate Gift Card Program. Shop all Gift Registry Baby Registry Wedding Registry Lists. Craft Tips & Ideas Costumes & Dress Up Party Ideas & Recipes Christmas Decor Savings Birthday Shop Wedding Shop Valentine's Day Plush. Shop all Arts, Crafts & Sewing Art & Drawing Supplies Beading & Jewelry Crafting Die Cutting Machines Sewing Fabric Scrapbooking Supplies Artificial Plants & Flowers Knitting & Crochet Yarn Craft Furniture & Storage. Shop all Party & Occasions Baking & Pastry Supplies Balloons Cards & Invitations Disposable Tableware Giftwrap & Supplies Party Decorations Party Favors Pinatas. Shop all Party Themes Themed Party Sets Anniversary Baby Shower Halloween Christmas Decor. My local store Pick it up TODAY Tips & Ideas. Weekly Ads Track Orders Reorder Items Credit Card Help Grocery Pickup. Shop Gift Cards Check Card Balance Corporate Gift Cards. Baby Registry Wedding Registry Lists & Special Occasions Classroom Supplies. Weekly Ads Track Orders Reorder Items Credit Card Help Grocery Pickup. Stretch your tax refund Electronics & Office Movies, Music & Books Home, Furniture & Appliances Home Improvement & Patio Clothing, Shoes & Jewelry Baby & Toddler Toys & Video Games Food, Household & Pets Pharmacy, Health & Beauty Sports, Fitness & Outdoors Auto & Tires Photo & Personalized Shop Sewing, Crafts & Party Supplies See All Departments. TV & Video TVs DVD & Blu-ray Players Home Audio & Theater TV Accessories. Cell Phones Straight Talk Phones Unlocked Phones Contract Phones No-Contract Phones Prepaid Minutes & Data Cases & Accessories. iPad & Tablets iPad Windows Tablets Android Tablets Accessories. Computers Laptops Desktops PC Gaming Printers & Supplies Networking Software Monitors Accessories. Portable Audio iPod & MP3 Players Headphones Speakers & Docks. Office Supplies Office Electronics School Supplies. Movies & TV 2-Day Shipping Action & Adventure Blu-ray Discs Boxed Sets Children & Family Instawatch Movie DVDs New Releases Preorders TV Shows. Music 2-Day Shipping Music Gift Cards Country Music Soundtracks Vinyl New Releases Pop R&B / Soul Rock Top 100 CDs. Books Deals in books Preorders New Releases Biographies & Memoirs Children's Books Christian Books & Bibles Cookbooks, Food & Wine Comics & Graphic Novels Crafts & Hobbies Humor Literature & Fiction Health and Wellness Teen & Young Adult. Shop By Room Living Room Bedroom Bathroom Dining Room Kitchen Kids' Room Teens' Room Patio Entryway Office. Shop By Category Appliances Bath Bedding Furniture Home Decor Kids’ Bedding Kids’ Furniture Kitchen & Dining Lighting Mattresses Patio & Garden Rugs Storage & Organization Vacuums & Floor Care Window Coverings. Brand Shops KitchenAid Better Homes and Gardens The Pioneer Woman Mainstays. Specialty Shops Home Gift Guide Back to College Shop by Style. Industrial & Scientific Janitorial & Sanitation Supplies Food Service Equipment. Heating & Cooling Heaters Fireplaces Stoves. Paint Interior & Exterior Paint Ladders. Patio & Garden Patio Furniture Patio & Outdoor Decor Sheds & Outdoor Storage Outdoor Shade Grills & Outdoor Cooking Outdoor Heating Swimming Pools Hot Tubs & Saunas. Garden Center Outdoor Power Equipment Landscaping Pots & Planters. Women's Women's Plus Juniors' Maternity Women's Shoes. Jewelry Wedding & Engagement Watches Fine Jewelry Fashion Jewelry Personalized Jewelry. Men's Men's Big & Tall Young Men's Men's Shoes Men's Jewelry. Baby & Toddlers' Baby Girl Baby Boy Toddler Girl Toddler Boy Baby & Kids' Shoes. Diapering & Potty Diapers Wipes Diaper Bags. Feeding Breast Feeding Bottle Feeding Baby Formula Baby Food Toddler Feeding Bibs & Burp Cloths. Nursery & Décor Cribs Furniture Bedding Décor. Play & Travel Gear Playstations & Walkers Playards Swings Carriers & Wraps Baby & Toddler Toys. Health & Safety Bath Baby Gates Baby Monitors Baby Care. Toys Action Figures Dolls & Dollhouses Cars, Drones & RC LEGO & Building Sets Pretend Play Arts & Crafts Electronics for Kids Learning Toys Nerf & Blasters Stuffed Animals & Plush Games & Puzzles. Bikes & Ride-Ons Kids' Bikes Ride-On Toys Hoverboards. Shop by Age Preschool 5-7 8-11 12+. Video Games Virtual Reality New Releases PlayStation 4 Xbox One Nintendo Switch Accessories Digital Gaming Nintendo 3DS / 2DS Nintendo Wii U / Wii PlayStation VR Preorders Used Games. Shop All Food Coffee Beverages Snacks & Cookies Breakfast & Cereal Meals Condiments Pasta Candy & Gum Soups Canned Goods Emergency Food Baking Center International Food. Household Essentials Laundry Room Kitchen Bathroom Paper & Plastic Cleaning Supplies Air Fresheners Batteries Pest Control As Seen On TV Light Bulbs. Meal Kits & Specialty Food Boxes. Shop All Pets Cats Dogs Fish Small Animals Birds Equine Reptiles. Clearance & Rollbacks Food Household Essentials Pets. Beauty Makeup Skin Care Fragrances Beauty Tools Hair Care Premium Beauty. Brands We Love Flower Culturelle OralB Braun ReliOn. Oral Care Electric Toothbrushes Water Flossers. Bath & Body Lotions Body Wash. Vision Center Prescription Eyewear Contact Lenses. Health Medicine Cabinet Cold, Cough and Flu Digestive Health Home Health Care Diabetes Management. Wellness Supplements Protein & Fitness Weight Management Aromatherapy. Camping Tents Airbeds Canopies & Shelters. Fishing Rod & Reel Combos. Boats & Water Sports Canoes, Kayaks & Boats. Recreation Bikes Lawn Games Air Soft Air Guns Golf. Team Sports Baseball & Softball Football. Exercise & Fitness Boxing Mixed Martial Arts. Exercise Machines Treadmills Bikes Ellipticals Home Gyms. Strength and Weight Training Fitness Accessories Ab & Core Toners. Oils & Fluids Motor Oil Antifreeze & Coolants Transmission, Brake, & Steering Fluids. Automotive Tools & Equipment Car Battery Chargers & Accessories. Auto Electronics Car DVD & Video Car Stereos Car Speakers & Subwoofers Power Inverters Dash Cams. Auto Body Repair Auto Repair Tools. Auto Replacement Parts Oil Filters Engine Air Filters Spark Plugs Brake Parts. Photo Center Available Same Day Blankets Calendars Canvas & Wall Art Cards & Invitations Home Decor & Gifts Jewelry & Clothing Mugs Office Phone Cases Photo Books Pillows Posters Prints. Personalized Shop Easter Rollbacks & Clearance Wedding Invitations Wedding Sweepstakes Graduation Home Decor Clothing & Accessories Bedding & Bath Kitchen & Dining Kids Character Shop. Personalized Jewelry Rings Necklaces Class Rings. Gift Cards Mail a Gift Card Email a Gift Card Specialty Gift Cards Check Card Balances Corporate Gift Card Program. Gift Registry Baby Registry Wedding Registry Lists. Arts, Crafts & Sewing Art & Drawing Supplies Beading & Jewelry Crafting Die Cutting Machines Sewing Fabric Scrapbooking Supplies Artificial Plants & Flowers Knitting & Crochet Yarn Craft Furniture & Storage. Party & Occasions Baking & Pastry Supplies Balloons Cards & Invitations Disposable Tableware Giftwrap & Supplies Party Decorations Party Favors Pinatas. Party Themes Themed Party Sets Anniversary Baby Shower Halloween Christmas Decor. FREE Grocery Pickup FREE 2-Day Shipping Shop smart with our app Get your flu shot today Stretch your tax refund. All Departments Auto & Tires Baby Beauty Books Cell Phones Clothing Electronics Food. Gifts & Registry Health Home Home Improvement Household Essentials Jewelry Movies Music Office. Party & Occasions Patio & Garden Pets Pharmacy Photo Center Sports & Outdoors Toys Video Games. My local store Pick it up TODAY Tips & Ideas. FREE Grocery Pickup FREE 2-Day Shipping Shop smart with our app Get your flu shot today Stretch your tax refund. FREE Grocery Pickup FREE 2-Day Shipping Shop smart with our app Get your flu shot today Stretch your tax refund. Please enter a minimum and maximum price. Cell Phones Accessories Cases & Protectors HTC One M9 Cases. Showing 40 of 1036157 results that match your query.. Product - OtterBox Defender Series Case for HTC ONE M9. 49 - $ 12. OtterBox Defender Series Case for HTC ONE M9. Product - HTC One (M9) Case, Impact SR Kickstand Cover. HTC One ( M9 ) Case , Impact SR Kickstand Cover. Product - HTC One M9, Screen Protectors, 5-Pack, Clear. HTC One M9 , Screen Protectors, 5-Pack, Clear. Product - HTC One M9 (2015) STRIKE IMPACT Dual Layered Shock Resistant Case with Built-In Kickstand by Miniturtle® - Dragon Stars. HTC One M9 (2015) STRIKE IMPACT Dual Layered Shock Resistant Case with Built-In Kickstand by Miniturtle® - Dragon Stars. Product - HTC One (M9) Case, Impact XS Tough Kickstand Protection. HTC One ( M9 ) Case , Impact XS Tough Kickstand Protection. Product - Tech21 Evo Check Series Flexible Gel Case for HTC One M9 - Black / Smoke. Price List price $ 7. Tech21 Evo Check Series Flexible Gel Case for HTC One M9 - Black / Smoke. Product - HTC One M9 (2015) STRIKE IMPACT Dual Layered Shock Resistant Case with Built-In Kickstand by Miniturtle® - Deer Hunting Camo. HTC One M9 (2015) STRIKE IMPACT Dual Layered Shock Resistant Case with Built-In Kickstand by Miniturtle® - Deer Hunting Camo. Product - HTC One M9 Phone Case, HTC One M9 Case, by Insten Tuff Camo Wave Hard Hybrid Rubber Coated Silicone Case For HTC One M9 case cover. 19 - $ 7. HTC One M9 Phone Case , HTC One M9 Case , by Insten Tuff Camo Wave Hard Hybrid Rubber Coated Silicone Case For HTC One M9 case cover. Product - i-Blason HTC One M9 Case - Halo Clear Case - Clear. 62 - $ 9. i-Blason HTC One M9 Case - Halo Clear Case - Clear. Product - HTC One (M9) Belt Clip Case, Impact XT. HTC One ( M9 ) Belt Clip Case , Impact XT. Product - HTC One M9 Phone Case, HTC One M9 Case, by Insten Book-Style Leather Wallet Glitter Cover Case with Stand & Card slot For HTC One M9 case cover. 89 - $ 4. HTC One M9 Phone Case , HTC One M9 Case , by Insten Book-Style Leather Wallet Glitter Cover Case with Stand & Card slot For HTC One M9 case cover. Product - HTC One M9 Phone Case, HTC One M9 Case, by Insten Book-Style Leather Wallet Cover Case with card slot For HTC One M9 case cover. 69 - $ 4. HTC One M9 Phone Case , HTC One M9 Case , by Insten Book-Style Leather Wallet Cover Case with card slot For HTC One M9 case cover. Product - HTC One (M9) Case, Flex S TPU Phone Cover. HTC One ( M9 ) Case , Flex S TPU Phone Cover. Product - HTC One M9 Case, SUPCASE, Unicorn Beetle Pro Series Fullbody Rugged Holster Case-Black/Black. 68 - $ 14. HTC One M9 Case , SUPCASE, Unicorn Beetle Pro Series Fullbody Rugged Holster Case -Black/Black. Product - HTC One (M9) Case, Impact X Kickstand, Black. HTC One ( M9 ) Case , Impact X Kickstand, Black. Product - iBlason Leather Book Wallet Case for HTC One M9, Black. iBlason Leather Book Wallet Case for HTC One M9 , Black. Product - HTC One M9 Case, SUPCASE Premium Ultra Slim Fit SoftGel Flexible TPU Case for HTC One M9 (2015 Release), Black. HTC One M9 Case , SUPCASE Premium Ultra Slim Fit SoftGel Flexible TPU Case for HTC One M9 (2015 Release), Black. Product - Insten TPU Cover Case For HTC One M9. Insten TPU Cover Case For HTC One M9. Product - HTC One M9 Case, Snapz Hard Shell Cover, Vintage Red Roses. HTC One M9 Case , Snapz Hard Shell Cover, Vintage Red Roses. Product - HTC One M9 Case, [Orange] Slim & Protective Rubberized Matte Finish Snap-on Hard Polycarbonate Plastic Case Cover. HTC One M9 Case , [Orange] Slim & Protective Rubberized Matte Finish Snap-on Hard Polycarbonate Plastic Case Cover. Product - HTC One M9 Case, roocase [Glacier TOUGH] Armor Full Body Clear Back Design Protection Case Cover for HTC One M9 (2015). 50 - $ 12. HTC One M9 Case , roocase [Glacier TOUGH] Armor Full Body Clear Back Design Protection Case Cover for HTC One M9 (2015). Product - Insten Matte Anti-Glare LCD Screen Protector Film Cover For HTC One M9. Insten Matte Anti-Glare LCD Screen Protector Film Cover For HTC One M9. Product - BUDDIBOX [HSERIES] HTC M9 Case Heavy Duty Durable Belt Clip Holster Protective Cover Case for HTC One M9. Price List price $ 23. BUDDIBOX [HSERIES] HTC M9 Case Heavy Duty Durable Belt Clip Holster Protective Cover Case for HTC One M9. Product - Insten Flowers Hard Rubber Cover Case For HTC One M9 - Blue/Black. Insten Flowers Hard Rubber Cover Case For HTC One M9 - Blue/Black. Product - Flex Flip 2 Wallet Case for HTC One (M9). Flex Flip 2 Wallet Case for HTC One ( M9 ). Product - rooCASE HTC One M9 Wallet Case, Prestige Wallet Folio Flip Cover with Stand and Credit Card ID Holders for HTC One M9 (2015 Model). 78 - $ 14. rooCASE HTC One M9 Wallet Case , Prestige Wallet Folio Flip Cover with Stand and Credit Card ID Holders for HTC One M9 (2015 Model). Product - HTC One M9 (2015) STRIKE IMPACT Dual Layered Shock Resistant Case with Built-In Kickstand by Miniturtle® - Sugar Skulls. HTC One M9 (2015) STRIKE IMPACT Dual Layered Shock Resistant Case with Built-In Kickstand by Miniturtle® - Sugar Skulls. Product - HTC One M9 (2015) STRIKE IMPACT Dual Layered Shock Resistant Case with Built-In Kickstand by Miniturtle® - Blue Dragon. HTC One M9 (2015) STRIKE IMPACT Dual Layered Shock Resistant Case with Built-In Kickstand by Miniturtle® - Blue Dragon. Product - HTC One M9 (2015) STRIKE IMPACT Dual Layered Shock Resistant Case with Built-In Kickstand by Miniturtle® - Blue Gameboy. HTC One M9 (2015) STRIKE IMPACT Dual Layered Shock Resistant Case with Built-In Kickstand by Miniturtle® - Blue Gameboy. Product - Insten Hard Dual Layer Rubberized Silicone Cover Case For HTC One M9. Insten Hard Dual Layer Rubberized Silicone Cover Case For HTC One M9. Product - Insten Hard Hybrid Silicone Case w/stand For HTC One M9 - Black/Pink. Insten Hard Hybrid Silicone Case w/stand For HTC One M9 - Black/Pink. Product - HTC One M9 (2015) STRIKE IMPACT Dual Layered Shock Resistant Case with Built-In Kickstand by Miniturtle® - Bball Hoops. HTC One M9 (2015) STRIKE IMPACT Dual Layered Shock Resistant Case with Built-In Kickstand by Miniturtle® - Bball Hoops. Product - HTC One M9 (2015) STRIKE IMPACT Dual Layered Shock Resistant Case with Built-In Kickstand by Miniturtle® - Blue Glowing Skull. HTC One M9 (2015) STRIKE IMPACT Dual Layered Shock Resistant Case with Built-In Kickstand by Miniturtle® - Blue Glowing Skull. Product - HTC One M9 (2015) STRIKE IMPACT Dual Layered Shock Resistant Case with Built-In Kickstand by Miniturtle® - Majestic Deer. HTC One M9 (2015) STRIKE IMPACT Dual Layered Shock Resistant Case with Built-In Kickstand by Miniturtle® - Majestic Deer. Product - MightySkins Protective Vinyl Skin Decal for Otterbox Commuter HTC One M9 Case wrap cover sticker skins Volleyball. MightySkins Protective Vinyl Skin Decal for Otterbox Commuter HTC One M9 Case wrap cover sticker skins Volleyball. Product - HTC One M9 Phone Case, HTC One M9 Case, by Insten Butterfly Glittering Hard Dual Layer Hybrid Case For HTC One M9 case cover. Price List price $ 17. HTC One M9 Phone Case , HTC One M9 Case , by Insten Butterfly Glittering Hard Dual Layer Hybrid Case For HTC One M9 case cover. Product - HTC One M9 (2015) STRIKE IMPACT Dual Layered Shock Resistant Case with Built-In Kickstand by Miniturtle® - American Shield Flag. HTC One M9 (2015) STRIKE IMPACT Dual Layered Shock Resistant Case with Built-In Kickstand by Miniturtle® - American Shield Flag. Product - HTC One M9 Case, SUPCASE, Unicorn Beetle Pro Full-body Rugged Holster Case with Built-in Screen-Pink/Gray. HTC One M9 Case , SUPCASE, Unicorn Beetle Pro Full-body Rugged Holster Case with Built-in Screen-Pink/Gray. Product - HTC One M9 Case, Impact X Kickstand Protection. HTC One M9 Case , Impact X Kickstand Protection. Product - HTC One M9 Phone Case, HTC One M9 Case, by Insten Hard Hybrid Rubber Coated Silicone Cover Case For HTC One M9 case cover. 29 - $ 6. HTC One M9 Phone Case , HTC One M9 Case , by Insten Hard Hybrid Rubber Coated Silicone Cover Case For HTC One M9 case cover. Already a Shipping Pass member? Sign In. Not completely satisfied? We've made returning items as easy as possible.. Order as often as you like all year long.. Just $49 after your initial FREE trial. The more you use it, the more you save. It's your key to free shipping.. Use your subscription to unlock millions more items that ship free.. Managing your Shipping Pass is easy.. Our customer care team is standing by to help you manage your Shipping Pass subscription.. Seeing what items qualify for 2-day shipping is easy—they're flagged with the program logo.. OVERVIEW You told us what you wanted and now we're delivering it. Shipping Pass is our new subscription program designed to bring you unlimited 2-day free shipping for one year with no minimum order. Get what you need ― fast! It's just $49 for a whole year of unlimited free shipping after your initial 30-day free trial. ELIGIBLE ITEMS We focused on the bestselling products customers like you want most in categories like Baby, Clothing, Electronics and Health & Beauty. Marketplace items (products not sold by Walmart.com), and items with freight charges are not eligible for Shipping Pass. Just look for next to the item. YES! As an added benefit, you'll receive FREE value shipping on a large selection of non-eligible Shipping Pass items. These are sold by Walmart.com and flagged with FREE Shipping. Shipping Speed Items & Addresses FREE 2-day shipping Items sold by Walmart.com that are marked eligible on the product and checkout page with the logo Nearly all addresses in the continental U.S., except those marked as ineligible below. FREE value shipping Select items that are not included in Shipping Pass will ship for free but with value shipping. Look for items sold by Walmart.com and marked with FREE shipping. You will also see this noted in checkout. Addresses in the following State Codes AK, HI, AE, AP, AA, PR, GU, MP, PW, AS, VI, FM and APO/FPO addresses with U.S. ZIP Codes will ship for free with value shipping. You will see this noted in checkout. Ineligible items & addresses Items with freight charges Items fulfilled by Walmart.com Marketplace sellers Personalized items eGift Cards Any item that is not marked eligible on the product page or in checkout International destinations SHIPPING & RETURNS Your product will be shipped to its final destination to arrive in 2 business days or faster. If your order is placed before the 11 a.m. PST cutoff time, then it will ship that day and arrive 2 business days later. If your order is placed after the 11 a.m. PST cutoff time, we will do our best to process it the same day but may need an extra day. Monday Tuesday Wednesday Order before 11 a.m. PST, and your order is picked, packed and sent out Your order is on its way to you Your order is delivered Monday Tuesday Wednesday Thursday Order placed after 11 a.m. PST is received Your order is picked, packed and sent out Your order is on its way to you Your order is delivered Order before 11 a.m. PST to get the fastest shipping. We do not deliver on Sundays, but do sometimes deliver on Saturday depending on the carrier that is delivering your order. The best way to determine the date of delivery is to check the status in My Account. Sign in to My Account on Walmart.com to track your order. Yes, Shipping Pass is integrated with the Walmart App ― tap, swipe and shop away. Just look for next to the item. PAYMENT Yes, we are currently offering a 30-day free trial. The Shipping Pass subscription can be purchased with all major credit and debit cards. MAINTAINING YOUR MEMBERSHIP Yes, your subscription will auto-renew renew after your free trial and after your 1 year subscription has ended so you have no service interruption. Auto-renewal can be managed in My Account. You are eligible for a full refund if no Shipping Pass-eligible orders have been placed. You cannot receive a refund if you have placed a Shipping Pass-eligible order. In this case, the Customer Care team will remove your account from auto-renewal to ensure you are not charged for an additional year and you can continue to use the subscription until the end of your subscription term. Visit our Help Center and contact Customer Care. MORE QUESTIONS Shipping Pass is open to everyone, no invitation required. No, currently you cannot share your Shipping Pass account. We do our best to get your whole order in one box, but sometimes product is housed in different facilities, resulting in more than one box. The Shipping Pass assortment is continually being optimized. Products are added and removed for lots of reasons, but the main reason is to show items that we're 100% sure we can deliver within the promised timeline.. The following is an overview of the Shipping Pass Pilot subscription service. You should review the Terms & Conditions for a more detailed description as well as service limitations prior to signing up for Shipping Pass.. What is Shipping Pass and how will it make my life easier?. How much does Shipping Pass cost?. What products can I order using Shipping Pass?. How do I know which products qualify for Shipping Pass?. Does buying a Shipping Pass subscription get me any extra FREE shipping benefits?. More details on what is eligible with Shipping Pass:. What does 2-day shipping really mean?. Place your order BEFORE 11 a.m. Place your order AFTER 11 a.m. Is there a cutoff time I should be aware of?. How do I track a shipment?. Can I use the Walmart App to shop with Shipping Pass?. Do you offer a trial subscription?. Which payment methods can I use?. How do I turn off auto-renewal?. Will I get a refund if I cancel my subscription?. How do I cancel my subscription?. Do I need an invitation to join Shipping Pass?. Am I able to set up sub-accounts within my Shipping Pass subscription for family and friends?. Why did my order come in multiple boxes?. Why is my favorite product not Shipping Pass-eligible anymore?. Want to get your items fast without the pricey shipping fees? With Shipping Pass from Walmart, you can enjoy Every Day Low Prices with the convenience of fast, FREE shipping.. Whether you need a gift in a pinch or you're simply running low on household essentials, a Shipping Pass subscription gets you the things you need without hurting your pocket.. When you purchase Shipping Pass you don't have to worry about minimum order requirements or shipping distance. No matter how small the order or how far it needs to go, Shipping Pass provides unlimited nationwide shipping. If you need to return or exchange an item you can send it back at no cost or take it to your neighborhood store.. To see if Shipping Pass is right for you, try a 30-day free trial. Also, with Shipping Pass, there is no need to worry about commitment. If you decide you want to discontinue the service, you can cancel your subscription at any time. No matter what your shipping needs, Walmart's got you covered. Sign up for Shipping Pass so you can shop more, save money and live better.. 1 2 3 4 5 25904 Next Page. Electrode, Comp-184978608, DC-prod-dfw4, ENV-topic-seo-prod, PROF-PROD, VER-19.2.1, SHA-a80588842baccddbac36c98b75e732cb40205f79, CID-. Help Feedback MoneyCenter Privacy & Security CA Privacy Rights Terms of Use. See All Services Walmart MoneyCenter Walmart Credit Card Product Care Plans Walmart Pay. About Walmart.com Corporate Suppliers Sell on Walmart.com Careers @WalmartLabs The Walmart Digital Museum. Terms of Use About Our Ads Affiliate Program CA Privacy Rights Privacy & Security. Returns Policy Product Recalls Int’l Customers Tax Exempt Program Contact Us Feedback Store Pickup. Electronics Toys Video Games Home Products Clothing Sports & Outdoors Baby Products. Report your issue Only associates can see this. Your name Email Slack (if applicable) Describe your issue Screenshot Submit. 
HANDS ON PREVIEW: Every last detail leaked, but Samsung’s Galaxy S9 still blew me away. HTC’s next big flagship phone has crazy specs and a wild new name. HTC’s epic One M9 disaster keeps getting worse. Tests claim HTC One M9’s camera is worse than three-year-old iPhone 4S, Galaxy S III. Why is it so hard for HTC to make a quality smartphone camera?. One M9: The in-depth comparison video Android fans have been waiting for. The One M9 is shaping up to be an unprecedented disaster for HTC. One M9 seemingly no match for Galaxy S6 as HTC sales plummet in April. HTC One M9: Benchmark says G4 isn’t in the same league as rivals. LIVE: Watch BGR’s exclusive live interview with HTC discussing the One M9. HTC One M9: The results of this speed test were completely unexpected. Apple and Samsung are diseases, and HTC has the cure. 30 essential HTC One M9 tips and tricks. This amazing secret trick will give any Android phone a huge speed boost. By Chris Smith August 19th at 9:05 AM. HTC is probably fully aware that it lost the battle with Samsung this year, as the HTC One M9 failed to impress buyers in a manner similar to. By Brad Reed June 11th at 9:05 AM. The HTC One M9 isn’t a bad device by any stretch of the imagination but it’s nonetheless going to go down as one of the biggest smartphone disasters ever alongside the Amazon Fire …. By Brad Reed May 27th at 7:00 PM. The HTC One M9 is already looking like a disaster for HTC, which was seemingly caught off guard by all the major improvements that Samsung made with its Galaxy S6 line of smartphones. By Brad Reed May 11th at 9:30 AM. HTC makes wonderful smartphones but they almost always come with disappointing cameras. The HTC One M9 was sadly no exception and a recent blind camera shootout. of several different Android phones conducted by Android …. By Brad Reed May 6th at 11:35 AM. There have been a lot of great new Android phones that have come out so far this year, mostly notably the Galaxy S6 edge, the LG G4 and the HTC One M9. By Brad Reed May 5th at 4:40 PM. When you release your flagship smartphone, you generally expect your revenues to post a healthy month-over-month gain. However, this has not been the case for HTC this year. One M9 seemingly no match …. By Zach Epstein May 5th at 9:05 AM. Launching a new flagship smartphone on the same day Samsung released its new Galaxy S6 and Galaxy S6 edge handsets seemed like a fool’s errand for HTC, and now that the numbers are …. By Chris Smith April 29th at 8:55 AM. LG on Tuesday finally unveiled the G4, its flagship device that’s supposed to take on the iPhone 6 and. top Android handsets from competitors, including the Galaxy S6 and the HTC One M9 that …. Geller April 28th at 2:42 PM. With HTC’s brand new One M9 flagship. handset recently released, I thought it would be a great idea to catch up with. some members of the company’s executive team to talk through various features and …. By Zach Epstein April 28th at 10:56 AM. When it comes to flagship smartphones, there are basically three main contenders — though a potential fourth was just unveiled on Tuesday morning by LG. Until we’ve spent some time with the G4 …. By Zach Epstein April 27th at 11:55 AM. While Samsung is widely known for its attack ads that fire shots at. Apple and the iPhone, HTC often steers clear of. the fray and focuses instead on being… weird. Every once in a while …. By Chris Smith April 17th at 11:05 AM. So you’ve purchased HTC’s One M9. and you’re wondering what hidden features the phone has to offer? Luckily, a quick guide put together by PhoneArena. has got you covered, as it lists some 30 handy …. By Zach Epstein April 14th at 11:17 AM. We could spend all day counting all of the things that make Android a great platform, but for real smartphone enthusiasts, the operating system’s tweakability. is surely somewhere near the top of the list. 10 Netflix movies and shows you should watch before they’re removed in March. MWC 2018: Watch live as Sony unveils its answer to the Galaxy S9. If aliens exist, here’s what they most likely look like. Amazon just slashed 25% off its popular Fire TV Stick in a surprise sale. This discounted multi-use slow cooker is so good, it’ll make John Legere jealous. Amazon just slashed 25% off its popular Fire TV Stick in a surprise sale. This discounted multi-use slow cooker is so good, it’ll make John Legere jealous. Forget the phones at MWC 2018, pick up the all-screen LG Q6 on Amazon for just $160. Apple’s $200 AirPower will supposedly launch next month, but this $36 model is available now. Amazon has a $27 multi-color LED light strip that syncs to your music. Powered by WordPress.com VIP | Privacy Policy | Your Privacy Rights | Terms Of Use. 
Get a weekly collection of the best stories from the HTC blog.. Email me special HTC and select partner offers, product information and newsletters.. To review our privacy policy, please click here .. We have received your information and will send you HTC updates soon.. HTC’s One family is all about luxury and the continued pursuit of brilliance. The original design of the HTC One was grounded in a philosophy of “simple, crafted, and human,” driven further by our. goal of creating the first beautiful, seamless, all-metal phone. in the power of great design. have been carried forward in the new HTC One M9 and M9+.. The HTC One M9+, available in China, carries on the legacy of the iconic all-metal body and includes such features as a 5.2” display, HTC BoomSound® with Dolby Audio™ surround sound, and HTC’s improved Duo Cameras.. Let’s take a closer look at some of these new features.. The HTC One M9+ comes with a 5.2” 2K display to give you a more immersive viewing experience without compromising comfort; you can still comfortably hold this phone in the palm of your hand. And the new MediaTek Helio X10 core processor ensures smoother movie playback and sharper photos.. HTC’s dual front-facing speakers have been combined with 5.1 channel Dolby Audio surround sound simulation to deliver a high-definition, high-quality listening experience.. The HTC One M9+ comes with a 20-megapixel Duo Camera to provide a level of detail that even the most avid phoneographers will appreciate. And the HTC UltraPixel™ front-facing camera features dynamic auto-exposure to deliver sharper, more balanced shots no matter the lighting conditions.. Customizability is the name of the game with HTC’s Sense 7™ technology. Create personalized themes for your phone with HTC Themes and find those hidden Internet gems with an enhanced HTC BlinkFeed™. Sense 7™ also looks at the way you use your phone at home, work, or out and about, and personalizes your home screen to make sure you’re seeing the most relevant apps anytime, anywhere.. A new fingerprint sensor , located on the front of the phone for easy access, helps keep your HTC One M9+ secure. Multi-directional sensors make it easy: just place your finger on the sensor in any direction to unlock your phone.. For additional details and specifications about the HTC One M9+, please visit HTC.com .. What's your favorite HTC U11 color?. Supersizing the One With the HTC One max Introducing the HTC One Developer Edition HTC One with Nexus User Experience. a couple of questions on everybody’s mind:. 1.Does it have OIS ? the M9’s camera is not good guys (EIS and DIS if there, they decrease the quality of videos especially, they don’t help here for some reason). 2.are we gonna see a global roll out soon ?. and lets hope the MediaTek Helio X10 core processor stack up against the SD 810. Thanks for not releasing this in North America and making my decision to with the Galaxy S6 that much easier. So long HTC, its been fun while it lasted but the M9 is a loser, too little too late, seems like you care more about china that the rest of the world – you can have it.. “The One M9+ is not currently planned to be released in North America or Europe..”. I believe this is because the issues of Snapdragon 810. I really want to buy the Htc one M9. I was waiting for this device for long period.. as I wanted to get a phone with the new 64-bit cpu of Qualcomm. All the clues in the internet shows that 810 is a problematic soc. According to this article http://translate.google.co.uk/translate?hl=el&sl=pl&tl=en&u=http%3A%2F%2Fblog.pclab.pl%2Fmieszko%2FW.jaki.sposób.HTC.rozwiązało.problem.z.przegrzewaniem.się.One.M9%2C561. is shown that the cpu doesnt perform as it should. The LG will unveil its flagship using the 808 instead of 810 and HTC wont unveil the HTC M9+ with 810.. It is obvious that something goes wrong with SD 810.. and people wont trust HTC to get the new M9. I know it is not HTC fault, but you need to find a solution. The current update did not solve the issue of 810. Can you provide me any information convince me that you are working on it? Reviewers dont say the best for M9 camera as well... This is the phone I’ve been waiting for! Many thanks to everyone at HTC and a massive round of applause to the designers. You outdid yourselves with the fingerprint scanner!. Just thinking here… Why even release the M9? You should have just released the M9+, because as it stands, you’ve actually offended quite a few people by releasing almost the same product yet a third straight year! Plus, if you want any presence in North America with the competition of the GS6, you’ll want to release this version there as well, hopefully regaining some folks trust. Any way, your phone is much better than the knock off Huawei released in the Mate 7, but you’ve gone and ruined that by first releasing a “cheap” version. Hope this gets to who ever needs to see it, and good luck this quarter guys!. Well this be available in USA!?. http://andrewcpu.net/ Andrew Stein. Good job HTC, I enjoyed the M8, and the M9, but by far I would LOVE the M9+, it is ridiculous how you’re only releasing it in China, you should have released the M9 and the plugin in the same conference. Because if you thought it through, people are going to buy the M9, not knowing of the M9+ and then theyll be stuck with a phone they dont like, and your M9+ wont get as much money as you hope.I know my opinion isnt much but rethink it? ~The USA and rest of the world.. So the United States gets the inferior phone? I’ve been an HTC fan since the Mogul. I’ve had the Touch, the Thunderbolt, the DNA, the One M7 Max, and was looking forward to getting the One M9+.. Instead, my only choice how is the iPhone 6 Plus or a Galaxy S6. I am not getting the M9.. You lost a long time fan.. I was going to get the M9, but I’ll be getting this one instead (though not a huge fan of there being a fingerprint scanner).. Please release this in North America. I’ve been waiting for this since the original HTC Plus came out. I don’t want to end up buying a Samsung Note.. In response to your questions and comments about availability, we’re excited to be able to bring this phone to China, where we’ve worked closely with mobile operators to create a phone with the right balance of screen size, processor performance, software, and radio network compatibility to meet our customers’ needs. Availability in other markets will be confirmed locally at a later date.. Currently, there are no plans to release the One M9+ in North America or Europe. We believe our flagship HTC One M9 is the best choice for these areas due to its fast performance, great sound, and network compatibility across the broadest range of operators.. This is really difficult for me to deal with, all ur specs on the M9 plus are better than the Samsung G6… WTF or the same, but yet u don’t offer it in America? As an American I see where ur loyalty is, shame on u HTC, u lose huge this year…. Sales down another 35% do to being total idiots,. So I liked the M9+ it’s nice change from Butterfly S, I liked the M9 too but many complained about it camera!!. So the M9+ has many adds to the M9 but the M9 is better for gaming. Would like to have the M9+ for it’s wonderful style but afraid that it will not be supported in the future. So lets say that HTC will release it’s new M9+M9 plus= M10 maybe with 3200 mah as well. Thanks for NOT releasing the M9+ in the USA. You just made our decision for a lot us here in the USA to buy the LG G4. Who want’s an M8 rehash anyway. I don’t know who’s in charge at HTC , but I guess they don’t like profits.I agree with Aaron Knupp.No more HTC in our family…. Can I buy it from HTC in China? What warranty will apply?. Ok HTC – I’ve been a hardcore HTC customer for years. What will it take to get the M9+ here in the States? Strongly recommend reconsidering your marketing strategy. Increased customer satisfaction, customer base and loyalty – while dramatically improving HTC revenue stream. M9+ is the true successor to the M8.. It is? M9plus and its garbage iphone 5s gpu?. I’m done with HTC! You release just the subpar M9 in the United States, but the M9 (plus) option only gets offered to your Asia customers?! Really?! Big mistake HTC! You’ve just lost a customer, and I know I’m not the only one who feels that way. Oh well, continue to watch your sales fall drastically. Only way I can see HTC being forgiven for this blunder. HTC comes out “finally” with a new HTC One Max! Same options as M9+ but with a Qualcomm 808/810 SoC and a 5.5in QHD display. HTC might as well put in a bigger battery 3200mah. Consumer of HTC products since the original EVO 4G and a share holder. I am disappointed with HTC market strategy to forego a M9+ launch in North America and European markets (missed opportunity) Still, HTC has no replacement to the aging One Max line. Skip the INK rubbishness and focus properly to what your loyal consumers are telling you. M9 is not a propper successor to M8. M9+ would have been reasonable/logical upgrade. HTC was right there in Phablet market with the One Max, which was first phone with a fingerprint scanner. Instead if improving it, you abandoned it, you were ahead of the game! Phablet size phones are the norm today! You lost a 2yrs of a head start. “Then” You slap Europe and North America in the face by presenting your flagship device for 2015 HTC One M9! Only later to be double crossed with the announcement of M9+ for India and China only. HTC betrayed loyal fans looking to upgrade from One Max and One M7. Very bad business acumen and to much of a risk HTC has become. I have owned the original EVO, LTE EVO, M7, One Max, M8. M9+ would have been perfect upgrade to even M8, but you failed. I have have been an htc fan since the beginning. You have always had the best equipment available and I love sense UI however I feel very let down as a loyal customer. I love taking photos and the lackluster camera was my one and only complaint about the m8. Needless to say when I learned that you would be introducing a new camera on the m9 I was pleased so I started saving so I could buy one. Now here I am about to buy a new phone and get into wearables and you release a crap camera and some fitness band I can’t even remember the name of. I really like the duo setup, it was fun and innovative so seeing it back on the m9+ excites me. It is no surprise your profits are down! Where is the smart watch we all know you will make better than all the others on the market (please for the love of god make it round when you release it) and then there is this!!!! I am lazy, it takes a lot for me to write anything, especially something so long winded. How dare you cut off non Asian consumers?!?!? Are you racist or something? And don’t think I am just jumping off of the deep end. I researched for 4 hours today to verify. You even posted a comment on Facebook that basically said “sorry non Asian markets, settle for a sub par product or go buy another manufacturer’s phone.” And your releasing a plastic version? HELLO NO ONE TOP TIER PHONE IS PLASTIC ANYMORE. Here is the deal, I want to stay loyal.. I really really do but I expect to have my needs met as a customer and I need to get a new phone since I misplaced mine or it got stolen. If the s6 active has an sd card slot I will buy it unless the htc m9+ releases to the united states first. AT&T is already showing s6 actives in there inventory trackers so they exist and you are already selling m9+ in Asia so they exist as well. The race is on, who will get my money? Will you loose yet another customer that would have been loyal for life? Judging by many of the comments I have seen, I am not the only one who feels this way. I really love you HTC and I have faith in you to succeed, YOU CAN DO THIS, now PROVE it!. Who’s responsible for all these dumb decisions?. I too have been a loyal HTC fan from the beginning from the first evo to the evoLte which I’m still using, never thought of upgrading until I got word of the M9+ which is what I have been waiting for all this time , a device that I just had to have and you choose to only release it in china that’s just crazy to me , you make a quality device that nothing compares to , if you really want to see your profit margin increase you will reconsider releasing the M9+ in the states , I’m totally disappointed with your current decision guess I will keep chugging along with my evoLte cause I refuse to buy a Samsung or just about any other device. My firts phone..HTC DESIRE….brilliant phone.After this was HTC HD…the third one was HTCONE M7(i give it to my wife),and very soon after i had HTC ONE MAX,later i bought for my cousin HTC ONE M8,now again for my wife HTC ONE M9 and for me i was expecting M9PLUS,because i stiil have my HTC One Max. Becuase u lie the customers with your new m9plus which is available only in China IN iNDIA…God knows why,or who is in charge with your sale policies…perhaps u have a spy from Samsung or Xiaomi between you guys(saboteur). Anyway i’m looking now to have Samsung edge or im waiting for Note edge 5(September).I will givw you maximum 2-3 years..MAXIMUM and you will close the shop if u still have this rubbish policies regarding the products sales only in a few countrys… this arrogance u cant see it not even to APPLE or Samsung which they can afford this kind of policies if they want…because are selling a lot,too much,but still their products u can find them from North Pole to South Africa….only HTC are selling HTC ONE M9 in China and India…:))). Have u asked yourself why your phone sales are the worst in the history????Just a few seconds of thinking..not too much or not too long and you will have the answer(s)…. I have been an htc customer since the EVO came out. I’m really upset with this company for not releasing the m9+ in the US. The would be so competitive with LG, and Samsung if their CEO had half a brain. I refuse to but anything else from them which is a shame because I really like their products…. Thanks HTC the M9+ was the only phone I was looking forward to this year good thing my M8 is still tip top. Samsung nor LG is getting my money, the phones are great and the cameras are top also but the sound quality of either can lick the dust off of my jibblets.. 
Monthly payment options that fit your life. Professional grade VR for the most demanding experiences.. Get the most from your HTC phone.. HTC U11 HTC U11 life HTC U Ultra HTC Bolt HTC Accessories. HTC U11 HTC U11 life HTC Accessories Campus Store. VIVE Pro VIVE Accessories VIVE. Devices & Accessories Purchase & Order Questions Video Tutorials Software+Apps. Switching the power on or off. Your first week with your new phone. Setting your home and work locations. Turning smart folders on and off. Waking up to the lock screen. Waking up to the Home widget panel. Turning lock screen notifications on or off. Want some quick guidance on your phone?. Ways of transferring content from an. Other ways of getting contacts and other content. Transferring photos, videos, and music between your phone and computer. Creating your own theme from scratch. Grouping apps on the widget panel and launch bar. Adding photos or videos to an album. Copying or moving photos or videos between albums. Adding a song to the queue. Updating album covers and artist photos. Setting a song as a ringtone. Streaming music to speakers powered by the. Accepting or declining a meeting invitation. Reading and replying to an email message. Music controls or app notifications not appearing on. Choosing the type of photo gift. Turning the camera flash on or off. Taking a photo while recording a video—VideoPic. Using the volume buttons for taking photos and videos. Tips for taking selfies and people shots. How does the Camera app capture RAW photos?. Saving your settings as a capture mode. Moving messages to the secure box. Copying a text message to the. Getting in touch with a contact. Making a call with your voice. Calling a number in a message, email, or calendar event. What can I do during a call?. Switching between silent, vibrate, and normal modes. Should I use the storage card as removable or internal storage?. Setting up your storage card as internal storage. Moving apps and data between the phone storage and storage card. Moving an app to the storage card. Viewing and managing files on the storage. Adding your social networks, email accounts, and more. Ways of backing up files, data, and settings. HTC Sync Manager on your computer. iPhone content and apps to your HTC phone. Turning the data connection on or off. Sharing your phone's Internet connection by USB tethering. Turning location services on or off. Setting when to turn off the screen. Turning Magnification gestures on or off. Android® 6.0 Marshmallow brings new features that make your mobile life more convenient.. The HTC Backup service is no longer supported on HTC phones that are running Android 6.0. Setting up your storage card as internal storage. When you insert a storage card that has not been used on HTC. M9 before, the card will be mo.... Starting from Android 6.0, use the Android. bBackup Service to back up your HTC phone to Goo.... Reset the network settings when you're having problems connecting HTC. When you open apps the first time, you'll be prompted to grant them permissions to access certai.... You can check the percentage of remaining battery power right from the status bar.. Get the latest news about your interests or status updates from your friends right on. Adding your social networks, email accounts, and more. You can sync contacts, calendars, and other information from your social networks, email accounts.... Want the other party to always have you in view?. While doing a video chat using a third-party.... Themes: Lets you personalize your screens. Themes: Lets you personalize your screens. Photo Editor: Create more with photo effects. HTC Connect: Play your music and video wirelessly. HTC Dot View: Answer calls without opening the case. topics about HTC One M9. Quick start guide User manual What’s New for Android 7.0 (Nougat). Australia Österreich Bangladesh Brazil Canada - English Canada - Français Česká republika 中国 Danmark Deutschland España Suomi France Hong Kong 香港 Hrvatska India Indonesia Ireland Italia 日本 Казахстан América Latina Malaysia Magyarország Middle East الشرق الأوسط Myanmar Nederland New Zealand Norge Pakistan Россия и СНГ Polska România Schweiz Singapore Sri Lanka Sverige 台灣 ประเทศไทย Türkiye Україна United Kingdom United States Việt Nam Saudi Arabia. Australia Österreich Bangladesh Brazil Canada - English Canada - Français Česká republika 中国 Danmark Deutschland España Suomi France Hong Kong 香港 Hrvatska India Indonesia Ireland Italia 日本 Казахстан América Latina Malaysia Magyarország Middle East الشرق الأوسط Myanmar Nederland New Zealand Norge Pakistan Россия и СНГ Polska România Schweiz Singapore Sri Lanka Sverige 台灣 ประเทศไทย Türkiye Україна United Kingdom United States Việt Nam Saudi Arabia. Australia Österreich Bangladesh Brazil Canada - English Canada - Français Česká republika 中国 Danmark Deutschland España Suomi France Hong Kong 香港 Hrvatska India Indonesia Ireland Italia 日本 Казахстан América Latina Malaysia Magyarország Middle East الشرق الأوسط Myanmar Nederland New Zealand Norge Pakistan Россия и СНГ Polska România Schweiz Singapore Sri Lanka Sverige 台灣 ประเทศไทย Türkiye Україна United Kingdom United States Việt Nam Saudi Arabia. Australia Österreich Bangladesh Brazil Canada - English Canada - Français Česká republika 中国 Danmark Deutschland España Suomi France Hong Kong 香港 Hrvatska India Indonesia Ireland Italia 日本 Казахстан América Latina Malaysia Magyarország Middle East الشرق الأوسط Myanmar Nederland New Zealand Norge Pakistan Россия и СНГ Polska România Schweiz Singapore Sri Lanka Sverige 台灣 ประเทศไทย Türkiye Україна United Kingdom United States Việt Nam Saudi Arabia. HTC U11 HTC U11 life Privacy Policy Learn More Terms of Use Code of Conduct Copyright Product Security Cookies Virtual Patent Marking HTC Trademark Usage Guidelines Proposition 65. Fitness VIVE VIVEPORT Company Overview Press & Media Room Investor Device Security Working at HTC. HTC U11 Accessories HTC U11 llife Accessories HTC U Ultra Accessories HTC 10 Accessories HTC Bolt Accessories Edge Sense HTC Transfer Tools Power to Give HTC Partners HTC Dev HTC Research. Devices & Accessories Order Help Order Status Returns & Cancellations Shipping Information FAQs Warranty Policy. HTC U11 HTC U11 life Fitness VIVE VIVEPORT HTC U11 Accessories HTC U11 llife Accessories HTC U Ultra Accessories HTC 10 Accessories HTC Bolt Accessories Edge Sense HTC Transfer Tools Power to Give Devices & Accessories Order Help Order Status Returns & Cancellations Shipping Information FAQs Warranty Policy Privacy Policy Learn More Terms of Use Code of Conduct Copyright Product Security Cookies Virtual Patent Marking HTC Trademark Usage Guidelines Proposition 65 Company Overview Press & Media Room Investor Device Security Working at HTC HTC Partners HTC Dev HTC Research. 
account Coverage Deals Devices Plans & Services. T-mobile.com | Español Account Check your usage Coverage Deals Rebates Promotional Credits Devices Choose a device SIM cards Software updates Tutorials Plans & Services DIGITS T-Mobile ONE JUMP! Manage your data service News & Updates Ask our community Contact Us Log In / Sign Up. Support Ask our community Log in / Register Support. Error: You don't have JavaScript enabled. This tool uses JavaScript and much of it will not work correctly without it enabled. Please turn JavaScript back on and reload this page.. Identify the device's current software version From any Home screen, tap Apps. Scroll to 'PHONE' and tap About. Review the information in the Review software version details section below. From any Home screen, tap Apps. Scroll to 'PHONE' and tap About. Review the information in the Review software version details section below. Review software version details VERSION RELEASE DATE ENHANCEMENTS STATUS March 13, 2017 November 21, 2016 Android security update by Google November 10, 2016 Android security update by Google October 17, 2016 Android security update by Google Determine update requirements 50% or higher battery life Wi-Fi connection Size of update: 106.7 MB Update software versions Update automatically over the air (OTA) Update manually From the Home screen, tap the Apps icon. Tap Check Now and follow the on-screen prompts. This is a large update and may take 20 minutes or more to download and install.. Use this page to identify software versions for the HTC One M9 as well as details on recent software updates.. Identify the device's current software version Review software version details Determine update requirements Update software versions. Android Version 7.0/Software number: 4.27.531.6. Android Version 6.0/Software number: 3.39.531.41. If your device meets the update requirements below, you can upgrade to the most current software version.. If your device meets the update requirements below, you can upgrade to the most current software version.. If your device meets the update requirements below, you can upgrade to the most current software version.. If your device meets the update requirements below, you can upgrade to the most current software version.. If your device meets the update requirements below, you can upgrade to the most current software version.. If your device meets the update requirements below, you can upgrade to the most current software version.. If your device meets the update requirements below, you can upgrade to the most current software version.. If your device meets the update requirements below, you can upgrade to the most current software version.. If your device meets the update requirements below, you can upgrade to the most current software version.. If your device meets the update requirements below, you can upgrade to the most current software version.. Your phone has non-T-Mobile software, and it is unsupported. The manufacturer and T-Mobile cannot update your software.. Your device must meet the following requirements to update your software to the most current version:. Your phone will automatically download the update, then prompt you to install the update on your phone. After receiving the OTA notification, follow the on-screen prompts to install. This is a large update and may take 20 minutes or more to download and install.. Are you sure you want to delete this document?. Find ways to contact us now. Español About Investor relations Press Careers Deutsche Telekom Puerto Rico Privacy Policy Privacy & Security Resources Consumer Information Public Safety/911 TERMS & CONDITIONS Terms of Use Accessibility Open Internet. Other T-Mobile sites My T-Mobile T-Mobile.com T-Mobile Prepaid T-Mobile Puerto Rico T-Mobile Refer-a-Friend. Popular tasks Check coverage Check order status Find a store Refill your Prepaid account Shop phones, tablets, & accessories Trade in your device Unlock your device. Business Wireless that works for your business Business support. Featured Services JUMP! Stateside International Napster unRadio. 
HTC One M9 review A beautiful, well-refined Android smartphone phone finds itself — and its manufacturer — fighting against the current once again.. There's a great exchange in an episode of The West Wing in which a political operative played by the late Ron Silver explains the delicacy involved in removing a piece of kelp from a perfectly shaped racing boat. There's a fine balance between removing what's dragging you down and causing even more drag in the process.. There's a sense that we're seeing a bit of that in the new HTC One M9 , the latest flagship smartphone from the Taiwanese manufacturer. On one hand you've got the continuation of a product line that for the previous two generations has been lauded as a shining example of what can be done in a five-inch space. And one pretty major sticking point.. And in a nutshell that sums up the M9, and our M9 review. There's a lot here you're going to find familiar. (Especially if you read our epic M9 preview .) And some of the new stuff has us scratching our heads a little and in fact raises questions that we might not be able to answer without more long-term use. We've been using the HTC One M9 (connected to an ASUS ZenWatch) exclusively for the past 11 days, running Android 5.0.2, mostly on software build 1.32.401.6. We received a software update (build 1.32.401.214) March 19 that addressed thermal concerns while benchmarking, gaming and during software updates (more on that in a bit), as well as improvements to camera processing. The bulk of our use was on the earlier build. But for us the biggest change was in camera quality, and all sample shots here are with the new software.. And as often is the case with HTC reviews, there are a couple caveats here. We've got the European/Asia model, and that means no LTE here in the U.S. That makes it hard to get a feel for battery life. (Update April 15, 2015: We've now spent time with a proper U.S. You can find our impressions on battery life here .) It's not like we were without data, though, and we used the M9 on solid HSPA+ service on T-Mobile in Pensacola, Fla. We'll update the applicable sections of this review once we've got some time with a proper U.S. One of the best-designed smartphones just got even better. It's a little weird to pick up a newer version of a phone and have it actually be smaller than its predecessor. To not leave you thinking "Why on earth did they do that?" But that's exactly what you get with the HTC One M9. Even if you're not familiar with the M8 — which spent a good deal of 2014 at the top of our Best Android Phones list — the M9 is going to attract your attention.. The M9's design is a nice refinement of the M8. Why mess with a good thing?. The M9's physical attributes aren't a departure from the previous model. The short take is that you've got a milled aluminum body — a metal phone — with gorgeous curves and continued attention to detail that few do as well as HTC.. The most noticeable change is that the phone has actually shrunk just a tad. A few millimeters have been shaved off the height and thickness, with just a smidge removed from the width. Add to that the new "shelf" that's been milled into the edges of the phone plus a more matte finish on the metal and the M9 addresses one of our chief complaints of the M8 — that it was too hard to hold. It's a sort of subtle but also very important difference. The shelf feels just a tad different depending the color scheme you get. Silver and gold — which is what we've used — feels a little sharper than the gunmetal. Maybe not a deal-breaker, but noticeable.. Another subtle but important change is the power button having moved from the top of the phone to the right-hand side, below the (now separated) volume buttons. You'll no longer have to adjust your grip on the phone to reach the power key. (You're still able to double-tap the display to wake the phone — though it still has to sense some movement first, and in any case that option isn't turned on by default.). The hallmark of the M series — the front-facing "BoomSound" stereo speakers — have been refined just a tad as well. If you twitch at a lack of symmetry, well, we don't have good news for you here. But the important part is that they still sound better than just about anything else out there (though Sony and Motorola are creeping in on that corner). The M9 is, however, definitely a bit quieter at full blast than the M8. (Perhaps because of a slightly smaller cavity, or possibly the new Dolby customization?) In any case. BoomSound remains one of those features that you have a hard time living without once you've experienced it.. Put the M8 and M9 side by side and you'll see that HTC has refined the entire front just a bit. The metal is now continuous around the Gorilla Glass-covered display, making it look and feel even more seamless. It's a small but important distinction.. As for the display itself, we're looking at a 5-inch, 1080p IPS display. Pretty much same as in the M8, though this one's definitely got a little more of a greenish tint to it. It's one of those things you're more likely to notice side by side with another phone. It's also worth noting that this one's got a different polarization than the M8, so I can actually see the display when wearing sunglasses. No sunnies? It's still really good in directly sunlight. But it does feel like the auto-brightness tends to keep things a little dark.. The back of the M9 retains that gorgeous curve. We normally don't pay too much attention to how a manufacturer puts its logo onto the phone, but that's changed from the M8 to the M9 as well. One to the side effects of Qualcomm's new Quick Charge technology — which lets you juice up your phone much more quickly — is heat. And that led to the HTC letters coming loose on some M8 models (including ours). This time around, the letters are a part of the metal itself. The bigger change out back, of course, is the removal of the secondary camera and a switch to a single, 20-megapixel shooter. We'll get to that in a bit, but the physical difference is obvious — and in fact the camera mount does extend from the body just a tad. And it's gone from a circular shape to a square with rounded corners. That's all covered by sapphire glass. But why squarish when the lens itself. is round? HTC says it's to better approximate the actual shape of the camera sensor. (And probably also because it's just a cool design, stands out more than a single circular module and definitely doesn't look like the M8.). It's tempting to say the hardware almost feels a little boring this time around, because it really is so close to the look and feel of the M8. That's not to say there hasn't been a lot of work done. Such is the conundrum of someone who uses phones for a living, I suppose. But what if there'd been no M8? On its own, the hardware of the M9 stands up against anything else we can think to put beside it. Don't downplay all the little changes. The moving of the power button. All of those things make the M9 much more enjoyable to hold.. After nearly two weeks of use, concerns over the M9's Snapdragon 810 processor prove unfounded. A lot has been said about Qualcomm's new Snapdragon 810 processor and supposed heat problems. Talk is cheap, though, and what really matters is what happens when the phone is in your hand. Alex touched on it in his LG G Flex 2 review , and here are my findings with the M9:. I spent a day with the M9 playing games that I usually play on the HTC-made (but NVIDIA Tegra K1-powered) Nexus 9 tablet. Games that all make a tablet with more than three times the physical footprint of the M9 heat up to uncomfortable levels.. The result on the M9? Pretty much nothing. I could feel the phone heat up some, but not to anywhere near what anyone would reasonably call uncomfortable, let alone dangerous. It simply did not happen under what is considered normal, if not solid, use. Not even enough cause for concern to even worry about taking its temperature.. That's not to say I haven't ever felt the phone get hot before. The first M9 I used ahead of Mobile World Congress (with way early software) was set up over roaming mobile data, bouncing between HSPA+ and LTE. Pulling down all that account data indeed did make that phone — and, again, on prerelease software, for what that's worth — uncomfortably hot for a few minutes. But I've set up more phones than I care to count and can safely say that's hardly a unique phenomenon.. If you're looking to eke out even more battery life from your M9, we've got some helpful tips for doing so.. The heat of the phone and any "throttling" of the CPU are pretty much the last concerns we've had with the M9. They just haven't been an issue.. "But what about benchmark apps?!?!?!" Well, what about 'em? Against my better judgment I ran a few. They made the phone hotter than any of the games I played. Again, not anywhere near hot enough to burn me, but definitely hotter than the games, which is exactly what you would expect from these two very different types of apps. We'll update with more testing once we've got a proper U.S.-banded LTE model, just to be on the safe side.. But the short answer, at least in my testing: Don't want a warmer phone? Don't waste time with benchmark apps. The M9 can get hot, just like with any other phone. And metal conducts heat better than plastic. But I experienced absolutely nothing that caused me any sort of concern or seemed out of the ordinary, or anything that would send me scrambling for a thermometer. And this was before the March 19 software update that was supposed to curb thermals during benchmarks even more. wherein the CPU is told to slow the hell down before it does get dangerously hot —. led to no real-world slowdown in performance, and any change in benchmark numbers (which still aren't anything but a number) was negligible.. Is it possible to crank the M9 up to unsafe levels? Someone undoubtedly will do it. But I didn't experience anything like that during normal usage, nor when running benchmarks. And while I'm not at all against testing the limits of something, it's worth remembering that just because a car can run at 10,000 RPM doesn't mean it should at all times. Nor is it how most folks drive. Rear: 20 MP with autofocus, 4K video. Front: UltraPixel camera with 4MP resolution. The M9's 32 gigabytes of on-board storage is (at the time of this writing) the only option you have. And of that, you start with about 22GB available. HTC's left the SD card slot intact, and you'll get some free Google Drive space, too. Since full-disk encryption has been a topic of late , here's the deal on the M9: It's optional.. The M9 comes with 3GB of RAM. And as has been the case with the last couple of generations of Android smartphones, we've not once been tempted to worry about what's in memory at all.. Now that we've used a proper U.S. the unlocked model, to be precise, which is based on the AT&T SKU and thus properly banded for that carrier —. we're ready to weigh in on real-world battery life.. And that is to say, it's good. Good for a 2840 mAh capacity, anyway. We've had absolutely no problems making it through a day —. that's from the time we leave the house to the time we get to bed a good 16 hours later, more or less —. That pretty much puts the M9 on par with the M8, in our experience.. Your mileage will vary, of course, depending on your use case. But the short version is we've generally not seen anything that causes concern.. Like the hardware, Sense 7 isn't a total revamp either. New, more powerful themes in Sense 7. The HTC One M9 is running Android 5.0.2 Lollipop — as close to the source code version (that's Android 5.1 at the time of this writing) as you could expect at this point. And along with that comes Sense 7. Really, though, it's more like Sense 6.5 — while there are a few new and important features, it's not a total revamp, and you're not going to really have anything to relearn. (And that's not a bad thing.). The lock screen is still the lock screen. You've got the Lollipop-style notifications, of course, as well as HTC's customizable shortcuts flanking the unlock button. Biggest change here is that the clock is now in italics , which is a great change if you're really into italics.. BlinkFeed is back, of course, at the far left position in the launcher. And in addition to serving up heaping helpings of news and social updates, it'll also serve up suggestions for places to eat nearby thanks to a new integration with Yelp. (I haven't seen those yet, either due to a non-final software thing, or the fact that my phone believes I should, perhaps, lay off the grub. Supposedly they'll appear on the lock screen, too.) Regardless, BlinkFeed is as excellent as ever. If you loved it before, you'll love it now. If you've yet to try it, definitely give it a go.. The home screen perhaps brings the biggest change in Sense 7. (And the home screen is accurate — by default there's just BlinkFeed, and a single home screen, though all you have to do to get more is drag drag something to the far right.) The clock's at the top (italics!), with the Google search widget (removable) beneath it. At the bottom you have the four docked app spots (you can make folders down there, remember) that also serve as the lock screen shortcuts.. And in between you have this new widget. And it does what we've seen a number of third-party launchers do — try to predict the apps you want to use at a particular time or place, and serve 'em up. If you're keeping track in your head (or, ya know, looking at the pictures here), you'll have noted that of the 4-by-4 grid on the main home screen, eight of the spots are taken up by the clock and search widgets. Sense Home Widget uses the other eight. But two of those spots are used by "Recent downloads" and "Suggestions for you" folders. We spoke of our concerns for the Suggestions folder in our initial preview. And after a couple of weeks of use, this much is clear:. You definitely should remove the Suggestions folder immediately. And probably the Downloads folder as well. The Suggestions folder is, well, just crap. That's not to say it might not suggest apps you might want to try. Lots of folks will enjoy Subway Surfers and Candy Crush and Madden and any of the other apps it recommends — and it changes over time, apparently based on (at least) location and what you already have installed. And I'm even willing to ignore the fact that I've seen it recommend some utility apps (like, say, Clean Master) that I would never recommend someone install.. Delete these folders because they're simply not good. The mere fact that there's a folder that first appears as "Recent dow..." and another that shows as "Suggestion..." is a stark departure from the (mostly) pixel-perfect nature that has been HTC Sense year after year. And that continues into the cursed Suggestions folder, in which even the names of the suggested apps, as well as their descriptions, are truncated.. The "Downloads" and "Suggestions" folders are in stark contrast to the usually pixel-perfect HTC Sense. Not to belabor the point, but the Suggestions folder is beneath HTC, plain and simple. I don't care how much the added revenue paid for. (And I'm still curious where the recommendations are coming from.) As for the Recent Downloads folder, it comes down to this: The widget and its six visible apps already are changing depending on whether you're at home, work or "out," and also changing as you use certain apps more often. Then the Recent Downloads folder — and its 16 app spots therein — changes as you download new apps. So that's a total of 22 app spots that are changing around on a fairly regular basis. And I'm still seeing apps that I've never used surface to the top. So after a week and a half I've found myself just going into the app drawer because at least then I knew where things were. (That is, after I changed it from the custom view to alphabetical. This isn't the first time we've seen HTC overthink the home screen. The good news is that those two folders are easily removed. (Look for the overflow menu in the widget.) And you can nuke the entire Sense Home Widget if it's just not for you. I like the idea — so many "normal" users never customize their home screen at all. But the execution just feels a bit off. At least HTC did the right thing by making it a widget, so you can delete (or add it again) with ease.. Sense 7's theme community is excellent. You're going to want to take some time exploring it.. Personalizing the look and feel of Sense isn't exactly new — HTC's had that capability for some time, including basic support for themes. But it's taking things to a whole new level in Sense 7.. There's now a dedicated application and web-based community for theming your HTC One M9, with dozens of themes from which to choose. And we're not just talking menu highlight colors. We're talking colors, fonts, sounds, widgets and even icons — and the on-screen buttons as well. And once a theme is applied you can edit it even further, and then save it to your phone. Mix and match all you want.. There's some fun and crazy stuff out there. And, more recently, there's a new Coke theme, which opens up more sponsorship opportunities. It'll be interesting to see what happens there. It'll also be interesting to see how HTC moderates the themes, which tend to take a turn for the scantily clad sooner rather than later.. Another fun feature in Sense 7: You're now able to add a fourth on-screen button to go along with the required home, back and multitasking.. Choose from a screen-off button, auto rotate, notifications, hide navigation bar and quick settings. And you can rearrange the buttons any which way you want.. UltraPixel moves to the front, a new 20MP shooter is out back —. and the results are mixed .... HTC's had a bit of a checkered past when it comes to cameras. The M7 brought forth the age of the UltraPixel, in which you trade a lower total resolution for a sensor with larger pixels, and a better capability for capturing light. (And light, folks, is everything when it comes to photography.). But that lower resolution — 4 megapixels — could well be a bit of a bottleneck. Zooming in on a smartphone shot is always dicey, but that lower res meant no oversampling, and just less information for the imaging processor to work with.. This time around, we've got a more traditional 20-megapixel sensor. And only one lens on the back of the phone, so we're also giving up that secondary depth information for post-shooting defocusing and the like. (Fake bokeh, if you will.) That's not to say you can't still add that effect, it's just different now. (More on that in a second.). The camera app itself has been tweaked a tad. You still swipe left and right to switch between the front and rear cameras ("camera" versus "selfie"), and this also is how you get to the panorama mode. (We might also like to see HDR moved here.) By default those are the three main modes, but you can add others. At the time of this writing, there are options for "Bokeh" (the aforementioned defocusing), Photo Booth (wherein you have four images arranged in a grid) and Split Capture (simultaneous front-back shots). It's a little odd that those aren't there from the start, but they're easy enough to add in. (Perhaps HTC thought three swiping options was enough for starters.). You'll be shooting at a 16:9 aspect ratio by default, at a default resolution of 5376x3024, or about 16 megapixels. Switching to 10:7 changes things to 5376 x 3752, or the full 20 megapixels. The default video resolution is 1080p, but you can crank it up to 4K if you want.. There are plenty of other bells and whistles tucked away as optional settings, including using the volume button as the shutter, or triggering the shutter by tapping anywhere on the screen. Or you can use your voice. You can even do auto-selfies by smiling. Again, you'll want to spend some time in the settings here.. So all that said, the million-dollar question: How do images look? At this point it's worth another reminder that we received a software update on March 19 that addressed image processing. Everything you see here was taken after we received that update.. (You can see the full-resolution sample pictures here .). A few other odds and ends. Some of the more sundry things when it comes to smartphones .... We've had no issues with GPS or Bluetooth, so far as we can tell. Making calls over T-Mobile worked just fine. (Again, remember, we're using the Euro/Asian model of the M9 here in the U.S. We mentioned Quick Charging earlier — it's available on the M9, but HTC does not include the quick charger in the box. HTC has traded out its own custom-ish infrared TV remote app for Peel Smart Remote. The Zoodles-powered Kid Mode is still on board, and still a good option for parents. HTC's keyboard is pretty good, layout-wise. But I'm very much missing my third-party prediction. We sort of left out HTC’s gallery app and new photo effects. There are new photos effects that you probably won’t want to use all that often. We’ve touched on the updated gallery before, and it smartly pulls in content from other services, including Facebook and Flickr. But there's a little hesitation between when an image first loads in the gallery view and when it's finally sharpened and made presentable. And it's really annoying after the second time you see it. Video Highlights — erm, they’re called Zoes now — are still here, and they’re still excellent.. A few other thoughts on the M9:. The M9 is a better M8, but the cameras still need work. What is there to say about the HTC One M9 that we haven't said before, in previous generations and in previous years? In a sea of imperfect phones — and make no mistake, we can (and will) find fault in any and all of them — HTC makes devices that stand out, and stand on their own. And that continues with the M9.. At some point, however, we the people of the Internet apparently decided HTC needed to do something different. That the M8 needed to be cast aside, and something completely new milled from that block of aluminum. Instead, we got an improved physical form, a refined version of what so many of us declared one of 2014's most beautifully designed phones. It'd be stupid to mess with that. Complaints that the M9 should have been something "different" stem from boredom and Internet overload.. If you want to have the best smartphone, you have to have solid hardware, software and camera quality. HTC's still struggling some with the latter.. While the software on the M9 is solid as a rock, the user interface is, for me, a bit of a letdown. A week and a half of use with the Sense Home Widget didn't bring it any closer to reaching a balance between what it thinks I want to use, and what it is I actually want to use. I still know what I want, and where I want it to be. But it's also important to remember that that widget isn't for me. It's for my mom and dad. It's for the millions of people who don't actually change their home screens. And it might well not be perfect for them, either. But I do like the idea.. The more we've used the camera on this more final software, the more we get the same feeling we've had the past couple of years. The M9 is going to be capable of taking some perfectly fine pictures. It's not not as impressive as we'd like it to be all of the time. And it almost feels like it gets a little confused when trying to focus on images in the distance. Or maybe it's like the imaging software is struggling to figure out what to do with the extra data the 20-megapixel sensor gives it. (The old ImageChip 2 used by the UltraPixel system isn't in the M9 anymore, even with the UltraPixel lens on the front facing camera.). The HTC One M7 was the company's best phone. The M8 also was its best phone. The question we have to ask ourselves year after year is about the sum of the parts. The M9 is mostly familiar, both in form and function. But HTC still has some serious work to do in the camera department. It's perhaps a little overdramatic to say that it's an anchor pulling the ship down, but it's definitely an oar stuck in the water. And with all the advances from its competitors over the past we've just about reached that point in which it's extremely difficult to overlook that compromise.. Should you buy the HTC One M9?. If you're an HTC fan, you'll want this phone. But for a lot of folks, maybe this time the sum of the parts just isn't good enough, given what else is out there, or will be out there soon. The other smartphone manufacturers are finally catching up with HTC in terms of design, and they're not that far behind on software. Meanwhile, they're all making great strides in the camera department, while HTC seems to be fighting to keep up with itself .. The M9 is a pretty great phone. If you're coming from an M7 it's a pretty easy upgrade. The M9 is still a big fish. But there's a big sea of great phones out there this year, and more are coming.. Please Login or Sign Up to make a comment.. Pixel 2 & Pixel 2 XL. Careers: Writer | Dev. 
account Coverage Deals Devices Plans & Services. T-mobile.com | Español Account Check your usage Coverage Deals Rebates Promotional Credits Devices Choose a device SIM cards Software updates Tutorials Plans & Services DIGITS T-Mobile ONE JUMP! Manage your data service News & Updates Ask our community Contact Us Log In / Sign Up. Support Ask our community Log in / Register Support. Error: You don't have JavaScript enabled. This tool uses JavaScript and much of it will not work correctly without it enabled. Please turn JavaScript back on and reload this page.. Log in to follow, share, and participate in this community.. Not a member? Join Now!. Find ways to contact us now. Español About Investor relations Press Careers Deutsche Telekom Puerto Rico Privacy Policy Privacy & Security Resources Consumer Information Public Safety/911 TERMS & CONDITIONS Terms of Use Accessibility Open Internet. Other T-Mobile sites My T-Mobile T-Mobile.com T-Mobile Prepaid T-Mobile Puerto Rico T-Mobile Refer-a-Friend. Popular tasks Check coverage Check order status Find a store Refill your Prepaid account Shop phones, tablets, & accessories Trade in your device Unlock your device. Business Wireless that works for your business Business support. Featured Services JUMP! Stateside International Napster unRadio. 
Esto también se puede leer en español.. HTC One M9, Apple iPhone 6 camera shootout. We pit the cameras from three mobile giants -- the Galaxy S6, the HTC One M9, and the iPhone 6 -- against one another to see which flagship takes the best photos.. March 30, 2015 2:01 PM PDT. What marquee handset has the best camera?. A sunny day on the pier Samsung Galaxy S6. Eying the top shelf Samsung Galaxy S6. Up close with a Stargazer Lily Samsung Galaxy S6. How do you like them apples? Samsung Galaxy S6. Your friendly neighborhood Irish bar Samsung Galaxy S6. A dream kitchen Samsung Galaxy S6. Sunny days in San Francisco Samsung Galaxy S6. Tricky lighting at the Slanted Door Samsung Galaxy S6. Night time in the City Samsung Galaxy S6 Edge. Sitting pretty indoors with fluorescent lights Samsung Galaxy S6. Sitting pretty outdoors with natural sunlight Samsung Galaxy S6. Still Life 101 Samsung Galaxy S6. Now that smartphone specs are better than ever, and the competition for your next flagship is even more cut throat, one of the most important features mobile manufacturers emphasize is how well their handsets can snap a pic. Even Apple's latest "shot on an iPhone 6" ad campaign touts the device's camera quality with sweeping and dramatic user photos plastered on billboards (though its parodied campaign does not).. Samsung Galaxy S6: Samsung's new superphone wows us on day one. Samsung Galaxy S6 Edge: Curved design makes this the S6 to crave. HTC One M9: A gorgeous phone with a touch of déjà vu. Apple iPhone 6: iPhone 6 sets the smartphone bar. To compare how well the cameras of the latest and most popular flagships perform, I took the Samsung Galaxy S6 (which has a 16-megapixel camera), the HTC One M9 (20MP) and the Apple iPhone 6 (8MP) around San Francisco. I captured everyday situations, both indoor and outdoor with varying lighting, for real-world testing that reflected how average phone users take photos daily.. Every photo in each set were taken within minutes (if not seconds) of one another, at the same location and distance from the focal object. However, due to different aspect ratios on the iPhone, it will appear as if I am closer or farther at times (though I was not). Except for two instances when High-Dynamic-Range (HDR) mode was turned on (below in "Sunny days in San Francisco" and "Tricky lighting at the Slanted Door"), all cameras were set on Auto. One photo ("Night time in the City") was taken with the Galaxy S6 Edge , but don't worry -- it's equipped with the same exact camera as the Galaxy S6.. Fully metal Samsung Galaxy S6 looks sharp (pictures). After analyzing the photos, I found that all in all, both the Galaxy S6 and the iPhone 6's cameras were far superior to the One M9 -- proving that just because your phone has a high megapixel count, doesn't mean it will take the best pictures. With outdoor environments, the M9 blew out and overexposed light sources more often. Dim, indoor environments are even worse; objects are noticeably more blotchy and grainier when compared to the other two. In addition, unlike the Galaxy S6 and the iPhone 6, both of which render HDR images almost instantaneously, the M9 takes a while to process HDR photos.. As for the iPhone, its biggest strength is with low-light environments. Though it won't have the brightest exposure in the end per se, its photos are sharper and look more natural. It also reduces the amount of lens flare beaming from different light sources. In addition, its white balance captures the purest and cleanest white hues.. Camera comparison: The Galaxy S7 Edge vs. Finally, compared to Apple's handset and the M9, the Galaxy S6 takes livelier and punchier photos, especially when it comes to colorful objects like fruit and flowers that have red, green, and yellow hues. I found myself favoring several photos from the Galaxy S6 simply because they packed a lot more punch and vibrancy. (The downside, of course, is that if you're a stickler for accuracy, you may prefer the iPhone. Though its pictures can look a tad more muted or washed out compared to the Galaxy S6, it is, at the end of the day, more true-to-life.). All in all, the M9 proved a disappointment, while the Galaxy S6 and the iPhone 6 were pretty neck-and-neck. Personally, I'd give the Galaxy S6 the slight edge, since I'm partial to its saturated tones that come off bright without looking too unrealistic (a characteristic that plagued Galaxy cameras before).. To see for yourself, check out the photos below, and click on the magnifying glass icon to view these photos at their full resolution. Also, be sure to tell us what you think in the reader comments below.. Here, the M9's picture is the brightest, and while that lightened up the grey sidewalk nicely, some areas of the photo were overexposed, especially in the right-hand corner where the sun was shining. I like the deeper blue sky that the iPhone 6 captured, but objects in the background, like the second dock behind the seagull, looks hazy and more muted compared to the ones from the Galaxy S6 and M9.. In this well-light indoor photo, I'm partial to the darker blacks and red hues captured with the M9. The shadowing in the middle shelves also lend more depth to the image, in contrast to the iPhone's, which looks hazy around that same area. At full resolution, however, the Galaxy S6 captured more details, particularly in the lettering in the bottles' labels, and the details in the bricks.. In this set, I prefer the Galaxy S6's picture above all three. Colors really pop, especially the fuchsias, greens, and yellows, without looking too overly-saturated and unrealistic. Even the creases in the leaf to the left have more texture. The M9 comes in at a close second, and the iPhone, while it had the most accurate-looking colors, appeared too bluish and cold to be favored.. Once again, I'd hand it to the Galaxy S6 on this one. The red and yellow hues are vibrant and have a lot more punch. In turn, the apples in the iPhone look washed out and the Golden Delicious' in the middle appear particularly pale. The M9 is a happy medium between the two (though I still like how the Galaxy S6's photo more) -- the apples come off livelier than the iPhone's, but if you're not a fan of the Galaxy S6's saturated tones, the M9 is more true-to-life.. This picture was taken in a very low-lit environment. While the Galaxy S6's photo is objectively brighter, I prefer the iPhone's image. Objects are still visible and faces are sharp, but it managed to handle the lighting from the hanging bulbs better, without the same haziness or lens flares you see in the other two. The worst of the three was the M9. Not only did the picture remain dim, but objects looked blurry and grainy compared to the others.. Here, the Galaxy S6 and the iPhone 6 are quite equal. Objects are sharp, lighting is even, and colors are accurately captured. At full resolution, however, you can begin to discern a few differences. Notably, the white flowers in the mid-ground are just a hair sharper on the Galaxy S6. Unfortunately, the M9 once again performed the weakest. The lighting on the top right is overexposed and when you zoom in, the flower petals are blotchy.. With HDR shooting mode on, I snapped a relatively non-challenging image of a partial San Francisco skyline. Though all three handsets performed well, the M9 had an odd light flare at the bottom right-hand corner. And while I liked the way the sky appeared on the iPhone more (the blue is deeper), the Galaxy S6 had the most even-toned colors overall. The iPhone and the M9, in comparison, was more bluish, with the latter being the most blue.. To see how well the smartphones could handle two different exposures with HDR activated, I took a challenging photo inside a busy restaurant that included bright windows. The Galaxy S6's performance was disappointing. Though it was able to capture the outside environment the best (as you can see with the buildings through the window), the area indoors was too dark. Even after I tried to touch-focus some of the objects from the restaurant, the photo remained underexposed. Both the M9 and the iPhone managed to light the restaurant well, though neither of them could capture objects outside the window well enough. All in all, I'd say the winner of this round was the iPhone, since it was able to retain the details inside the restaurant, while capturing at least some details outdoors.. In another low-light environment, this time outdoors at night, the iPhone took the better photo. Again, all handsets were set in Auto mode, and you can see how Apple's handset didn't capture the lens flares emanating from the stop lights like the other two. The cars and buildings are much more in focus as well, and the iPhone managed to capture some stars in the night sky too.. This indoor image was taken with fluorescent lighting from above. All devices took the picture adequately, but I especially like how deep the purple hues came out with the Galaxy S6. However, you can see it lost some details with the darker black colors, like in Sarah's (middle) black pants and Nick's (right) black shirt. The M9 looks the most washed out, but only barely, compared to all three. Lastly, I liked how the skin tones on the iPhone appeared the most. Particularly noticeable at full resolution, the faces on the iPhone were the most evenly lit and accurately toned.. Again, all phones took this photo well enough, but the Galaxy S6 had a slight edge on this round. It managed to portray a lot more depth and shadowing with the bamboo leaves in the background, while on the M9 and the iPhone they look a tad more washed out. All three faces also look more textured on the Samsung handset, and at full resolution, you can see sharper details on Sharon's (left) purple dress.. When it comes to these fast-moving fountain water shots, I prefer the iPhone's image. The picture is brighter than the other two, without appearing overexposed, and the blueness of the water looks more natural. In addition, the water droplets are crisper and sharper than the Galaxy S6 and the M9.. In our standard studio shot, all three devices' photos had sharp objects that were nicely in focus. However, the Galaxy S6 had a yellow-tinged white background, particularly in the center, and its black-to-grey color gradient on the right wasn't as distinguished as the M9 and the iPhone. In addition, the iPhone had the truest and purest white hues.. Be respectful, keep it clean and stay on topic. We delete comments that violate our policy , which we encourage you to read. Discussion threads can be closed at any time at our discretion.. Homeland Security's tall order: A hacker-free election. CNET may earn fees when you click through to a partner site.. 
10, 2015 ; 2 years ago. Original: Android 5.0 Lollipop. Current: Android 7.0 Nougat. Quad-core ARM Cortex A57 and quad-core A53 ( 64-bit support). microSD up to 2 TB. mm) Super LCD 3 with RGB matrix. 1920 x 1080 pixels (16:9 Aspect ratio) (441 ppi ). Corning Gorilla Glass 4.0. 20-megapixel camera with autofocus , dual-LED dual tone flash, f/2.2 aperture, 27.8. www .htc .com /us /smartphones /htc-one-m9 /. The HTC One M9 is an Android smartphone manufactured and marketed by HTC. The third-generation One was officially unveiled in a press conference at Mobile World Congress on March 1, 2015 and it was released to wide retail availability on April 10, 2015. It is the successor to HTC One (M8) .. The design of the M9 is similar to its predecessor , except that it is slightly narrower and thicker. [3] The device has proper IPX3-level protection against spraying water. Available separately is the HTC Active Pro Case, which offers IP68-level water and dust protection, and a shockproof rating for up to a two-meter drop. The phone features an octa-core Qualcomm Snapdragon 810 system-on-chip with 3. GB of RAM, a 5-inch 1080p display, and 32. GB of internal storage (nearly 9 GB is reserved for the operating system). [5] Storage can be expanded with a Micro SD card up to 2 TB. The UltraPixel image sensor (which had larger pixels in its sensor, but sacrificed megapixel size for enhanced low-light capabilities) [7] was moved to the front-facing camera, with the rear-facing camera now using a more traditional 20 megapixel sensor, supporting 4K video recording. The M8's depth sensor was also dropped. The M9's front-facing "BoomSound" stereo speakers now use Dolby Audio tuning. The built-in infrared (IR) sensor can make the device a remote control for other infrared-enabled gadgets. The M9 runs Android 5.0 Lollipop with HTC's Sense 7 user interface and software suite. [5] HTC updated the M9 to Android Marshmallow following its release, [8] and subsequently updated the device to Android Nougat in December 2016 [9]. Vlad Savov from The Verge described the M9 as "the world’s most beautiful disappointment", noting that it was merely an evolution of the M8 with limited design changes, and that its camera was of low quality, concluding that "remixing the past is not a sign of innovation, and neither is the addition of a fast new processor just because it’s fast and new, or multiplying the megapixels of a camera that’s still not good enough". Due to HTC releasing a last minute software update, Joshue Ho of AnandTech reviewed the phone in two parts. In the first part, he tested battery life, stating "the M9 posts a result that is a concerning regression from the M8" and that "battery life regresses around 18% when the battery is now 9% bigger." [11] He also noted temperature concerns during web browsing, stating "the M9 start to get warm in the hands, with skin temperatures of around 30 to 40 degrees Celsius, which is a bit concerning as I don’t recall the same being true for the M8." [11] Additionally, the phone supports Qualcomm's Quick Charge 2.0, however, "the charger in the box is a rather conventional 5V, 1.5A adapter which doesn’t take advantage of Qualcomm’s QC 2.0 spec." [11] On battery life, he concluded that "the One M9 is simply less mobile than the One M8 in a significant way, which is disappointing to say the least." [11] On the display, he wrote that "the display has worse viewing angles than the M7 and M8." As far as color accuracy, he wrote that "on...grayscale calibration, we can see a dramatic reduction in accuracy when compared to the M7 and M8." [12] He concluded that "it would be difficult to use the M9 in any case where color accuracy is needed" [12] and that "the lack of improvement or regression in every other metric suggests that HTC has gone backwards in display quality." [13] He also observed heavy thermal throttling of the new Snapdragon 810 SOC, stating that "it’s basically impossible to get the A57 cluster beyond 1.5 to 1.6 GHz" and that "a single thread will eventually cause the A57 cluster to clock around 1 to 1.2 GHz." [14]. This section's tone or style may not reflect the encyclopedic tone used on Wikipedia. See Wikipedia's guide to writing better articles for suggestions. (April 2015) ( Learn how and when to remove this template message ). For the second part of the AnandTech review, Ho further evaluates battery life and performance, stating that "simple logging shows that past the first 20 minutes the A57 cluster is either shut down or throttled to the minimum clock state" [15] and that " the level of throttling I’ve seen here is pretty much unprecedented, which doesn’t help with the issue. Overall, the performance of Snapdragon 810 here is bad enough that I would genuinely consider Snapdragon 805 to be an improvement." [15] He evaluated the speed of the camera, stating that "the camera preview has a relatively low frame rate and resolution" and that "the One M9 has a pretty stunning regression in autofocus speed and overall capture latency when compared to the One M8." [16] On daylight photo quality, he states that "HTC needs to strongly reduce the noise reduction that they're using here, as there's almost no detail in these photos" and on night photo quality he states that "the One M9 performs horribly. There's really not much else to be said because there's next to no detail in these photos." [17] As for video recording, he found that "the One M9 still has a noticeable lack of detail and there are a lot of problems with camera shake that aren't dampened out. It almost looks like HTC doesn't have any kind of stabilization for video here, which is rather disappointing." [17] He concluded his review, stating that "the One M9 is effectively a sidegrade of the One M8 at best" and that "given that the One M8 is at least 200 dollars cheaper than the One M9 on contract, I find it incredibly difficult to recommend the One M9". Engadget felt that the M9's speakers showed regressions over the M8, arguing that "the M8 usually did a better job of reproducing classic tunes than its successor. Most times, the M8 was a touch louder and shined a little more light on the primary vocal track in the mix; meanwhile, the M9 projected a soundscape that drew me in a little more thanks to cleaner channel separation, but seemed softer in comparison." [19] Similarly, the M9's camera was also found to have inconsistent performance over the M8, explaining that "sometimes the M9 comes through with crisper details; other times the M8 seems to do a better job. Sometimes the M9 has richer, more accurately exposed colors; sometimes it doesn't." [19] In a battery test in which a video was looped non-stop at a brightness level of 50%, the M9's result of eight hours and nineteen minutes fell in between the results of the 2013 and 2014 models. Ron Amadeo reviewed the One M9 for Ars Technica. He opened by stating that "[t]he Snapdragon 810 SoC—meant to give the M9 a speed boost over the M8—has been throttled so much that the M9 is at best equal to the M8, and in some cases slower." [20] He also noticed heavy thermal throttling, commenting that "[t]he 810 in the M9 was slated to run at 2GHz, but it almost never runs at that speed. It seems to be capped at 1.6 GHz." [20] The only advantage that the M9's Snapdragon 810 SoC had over the M8's Snapdragon 801 SoC was in gaming. [20] As far as temperature, he wrote that "the rumors of the 810s heat issues seem based in reality" and that "HTC is butting right up against the acceptable heat level." [20] After testing the battery, he stated that "the battery life is poor. It only lasted six hours and 15 minutes in our test." [20] He concluded that "this phone stands no chance against the tougher-than-ever competition." [20] As one of the first phones released in 2015 to use the Snapdragon 810, Ars Technica noted that HTC was the least prepared of the OEMs in coping with the 810's overheating issues when using the initial release of that chip, missing out on later revisions of the 810 that somewhat addressed those problems. [21] In addition, Ars Technica criticized the M9's rear-facing (primary) camera for the inconsistent quality of its images compared to its 2014-2015 contemporaries, while lacking optical image stabilization that was found in preceding HTC One (M7). The M9's mediocre photo quality was glaring, considering "how fundamental the camera is to the iPhone’s popularity, and any other company wishing to have a successful smartphone must start with a strong imaging foundation". David Ruddock reviewed the phone for Android Police. He examined the display, concluding that "the One M9's display has OK color reproduction...decent brightness, and pretty good viewing angles," but "there's little denying that competitors like Samsung and Apple have surpassed HTC in the display game." [23] He described the battery life as "unsettlingly mediocre" and "definitely a step back from the M8." [23] He moved on to the camera, describing it as "a bit of a mess on the One M9." [23] He found that "the focus never, ever seems right" and that "there is going to be brutal processing noise and artifacting in anything but daylight." [23] The camera launch time also regressed; "The launch time for the camera is also lamentable, at anywhere from 1-4 seconds depending on how the phone is feeling, I guess." [23] He concluded that "[t]his is the most mediocre camera fitted to a high-end smartphone in the last year, I think - it is simply not in possession of any real redeeming qualities" and that "HTC has delivered a camera that wouldn't stack up particularly well to 2014's flagships." [23] He also found evidence of thermal throttling, stating that "its high-speed A57 quad-core cluster, you'll never see it get over 1.5-1.6GHz in regular usage for more than sub-second bursts." [23] As for overall performance, he found that "it's not really even appreciable quicker than the One M8, and in some cases, I actually noticed it to be slower." [23] He concluded that "[t]he M9 brings nothing truly compelling to the table that the M7 and M8 before it did not." [23]. ^ a b "HTC One M9". Retrieved 28 May 2015. "HTC One M8 specs versus Samsung Galaxy S5, iPhone 5S". Retrieved 1 March 2015. ^ a b "This is the HTC One M9". Retrieved 1 March 2015. ^ a b Fekri, Arash (2015-07-27). "HTC One M9 Still Has Plenty to Differentiate Itself as a Great Smartphone". ^ a b c d "HTC's One M9 is official". Retrieved 1 March 2015. ^ "HTC One M9". Retrieved 11 October 2016. ^ Westaway, Luke (19 February 2013). "HTC explains why 4 megapixels are better than 8". Archived from the original on 11 May 2013. Retrieved 19 February 2013. ^ "Android M Update Announced for HTC One M9 and One M9+ Smartphones". Retrieved 21 July 2015. "HTC's One M9 is the world's most beautiful disappointment". Retrieved 12 March 2015. ^ a b c d Joshua Ho. "HTC's Last Minute Software Update, Battery Life, & Charge Time - The HTC One M9 Review: Part 1". ^ a b Joshua Ho. "Display - The HTC One M9 Review: Part 1". "Initial Conclusions - The HTC One M9 Review: Part 1". "System Performance: Snapdragon 810 - The HTC One M9 Review: Part 1". ^ a b Joshua Ho. "The HTC One M9 Review: Part 2". "Camera Architecture and UX - The HTC One M9 Review: Part 2". ^ a b Joshua Ho. "Camera Performance - The HTC One M9 Review: Part 2". "Final Words - The HTC One M9 Review: Part 2". ^ a b c Chris Velazco. "HTC One M9 review: Another year, another modest step forward". ^ a b c d e f "HTC One M9 review: HTC's flagship feels like an afterthought". ^ a b [1]. ^ a b c d e f g h i "HTC One M9 Review: The Phone Only HTC Could Build... HTC Android devices. Butterfly (J Butterfly / Droid DNA). Butterfly S (Butterfly S Hello Kitty Limited Edition). Desire 600 (Desire 600C / Desire 608T). Desire 700 (Desire 709D / Desire 7060 / Desire 7088). Desire 516 (Desire 516C / Desire 516G / Desire 316). Desire 620 (Desire 620G / Desire 820 Mini). Desire 820 (Desire 820G+ / Desire 820Q / Desire 820S). Desire 526 (Desire 526G / Desire 526G+). Desire 626 (Desire 626G / Desire 626G+ / Desire 626S). One S (One S Special Edition). One (M7) (One (M7) Google Play Edition / J One). One (M8) (One (M8) Google Play Edition / One (M8) Harman Kardon Edition / One (M8 Eye) / One M8S). One M9 (One M9 Prime Camera Edition / One M9(S)). One M9+ (One M9+ Supreme Camera Edition). Raider 4G (Velocity 4G / Vivid). Categories : Android (operating system) devices HTC mobile phones Mobile phones introduced in 2015. Hidden categories: Wikipedia articles needing style editing from April 2015 All articles needing style editing Official website different in Wikidata and Wikipedia. Not logged in Talk Contributions Create account Log in. Main page Contents Featured content Current events Random article Donate to Wikipedia Wikipedia store. Help About Wikipedia Community portal Recent changes Contact page. What links here Related changes Upload file Special pages Permanent link Page information Wikidata item Cite this page. Create a book Download as PDF Printable version. العربية تۆرکجه Deutsch Español Français Italiano Nederlands Polski Português Türkçe 中文. This page was last edited on 21 December 2017, at 20:11. Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License ;. By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc. 
