enable JavaScript in your browser .. Brands Recently Viewed Recent Hot Deals Deals. Departments TV & Video Laptops & Computers Phones Cameras & Drones Audio Heating & Cooling Appliances Home & Garden Office Supplies Baby, Kids & Family Gadgets, Toys & Video Games Shoes & Fashion Health & Beauty Sports, Outdoors & Luggage Tools & Automotive Wine & Pantry Books Recently Viewed. Kogan Mobile Kogan Travel Kogan Insurance. HTC Android Phones Showing 3 of 3 products.. Delivery Options Fast Dispatch ( 2 ) Departments Clear Phones ( 3 ) Categories Clear Android Phones ( 3 ) Brands Clear HTC ( 3 ) Phone Features Clear Telstra 4GX Compatible ( 3 ) USB Type-C ( 3 ) Colour Clear Black ( 1 ) Blue ( 1 ) White ( 1 ). Sort by: Default Featured Customer Rating Price - Lowest First Price - Highest First Product Name A-Z Product Name Z-A Highest % Discount. HTC leads the way with its premium range of beautifully designed Android smartphones and tablets. Discover a huge range of the latest and best HTC models at Kogan.com.. HTC U Ultra (64GB, Black) The smartphone that evolves to you!. HTC U Ultra (64GB, White) The smartphone that evolves to you!. HTC U Ultra (64GB, Blue) The smartphone that evolves to you!. Login or Sign Up to begin. 3 Million Items Shipped in the past 12 months. Already have an account? Log In. By clicking Create Account (or signing in with Facebook, Google or Paypal), you agree to the Kogan.com Terms & Conditions and to receiving marketing communications from Kogan.com. Remember, you can unsubscribe at any time.. 
Monthly payment options that fit your life. Professional grade VR for the most demanding experiences.. Get the most from your HTC phone.. HTC U11 HTC U11 life HTC U Ultra HTC Bolt HTC Accessories. HTC U11 HTC U11 life HTC Accessories Campus Store. VIVE Pro VIVE Accessories VIVE. Devices & Accessories Purchase & Order Questions Video Tutorials Software+Apps. Meet the HTC U Ultra phablet. With its 5.7" screen, next generation intelligence and sophisticated liquid surface, the U Ultra phablet is made for U. Featuring a convenient new dual display, an adaptive sound system and a personal companion that gets to know you.. Designed to reflect the best U. The Ultra’s molded glass front and back accentuates the symmetrically fluid blend between polished metal and stunning glass.. The U Ultra’s second screen gives you the info you need, at your fingertips. The big 5.7" screen is great for everyday use, while the new second screen is perfect for fast, convenient access to the things you use the most—top contacts, app shortcuts, event notifications and more.. Because your inner ear is as unique as your fingerprint, the HTC USonic* audio platform analyzes your inner ear and automatically adapts the sound profile to optimize your listening experience.. HTC USonic earphones are included with purchase of an HTC U Ultra phablet in the US.. * HTC USonic is compatible with USB-C connection only.. Four high-sensitivity omnidirectional mics capture positional sound in your video and audio recordings, allowing you to record 360-degree immersive audio that’s just like being there.. Improving on our highest-rated camera yet, the new U Ultra gives you photos with less blur, super-fast laser focus, new Phase Detection Auto Focus (PDAF) and bigger pixels for better photo quality at night.. The new selfie camera on HTC U Ultra lets you easily switch between the high resolution detail of 16MP and the unparalleled 4x light sensitivity* of new UltraPixel™.. * UltraPixel mode is four times more sensitive to light than standard mode.. The personal companion that’s always learning from you and the things you do every day. Paired with built-in voice recognition, it’s able to recognize your voice and respond. Just say the word to make a phone call, send messages and even begin hands-free navigation.. 1 HTC Sense Companion retrieves information from third party websites and databases, HTC is not responsible for the accuracy of such third party content. Feature available for download in early 2017 and may not be pre-installed on HTC U Ultra. Feature installation requires an internet connection and download and acceptance of an HTC system update.. Dimensions and Weight 1 162.41 x 79.79 x 3.6-7.99mm 162.41 x 79.79 x 3.6-7.99mm, 170g Platform Android 2. HTC Sense Companion: AI for suggestions based on things you do. Extended memory: microSD™ up to 2TB (Use SIM2). Extended memory: microSD™ up to 2TB (Use SIM2). 12MP (HTC UltraPixel™ 2 with 1.55μm pixel). Self timer up to 10 seconds. Pro mode with manual control, 16 sec. long exposure, and RAW format support. 4K video recording with 3D Audio, Hi-Res audio. 12MP (HTC UltraPixel™ 2 with 1.55μm pixel). Self timer up to 10 seconds. Pro mode with manual control, 16 sec. long exposure, and RAW format support. 4K video recording with 3D Audio, Hi-Res audio. Wi-Fi ® : 802.11 a/b/g/n/ac (2.4 & 5 GHz). HTC Connect™ for wirelessly streaming media from the phone to compatible multi-room audio systems, TVs, portable speakers and home entertainment systems. Streaming media from the phone to compatible Chromecast, DLNA™, AirPlay™, Miracast™ Devices. Pixel density at 513 ppi (pixel per inch). Corning ® Gorilla ® Glass 5 with curve edge. Dual Display : 2.05 inch (160x1040 pixels). SIM Card Type Nano SIM Network 4. AWS/850/900/1900/2100 (B4/B5/B8/B2/B1), HSDPA 42, HSUPA 5.76. TDD: Bands B38/B39/B40/B41 with 2CA, 3CA. Support Cat 11 LTE, download up to 600 Mbps, upload up to 50 Mbps. 3D Audio recording with 4 microphones. CPU Speed Qualcomm ® Snapdragon™ 821, 64 bit quad-core, up to 2.15 Ghz Qualcomm™ Snapdragon™ 821, 64 bit quad-core, up to 2.15 Ghz Front Camera. Auto Selfie (keep still or smile). Self timer up to 10 seconds. Auto Selfie (keep still or smile). Self timer up to 10 seconds. Talk time on 3G/4G network: up to 26 hours. Standby time on 3G/4G network: up to 13 days. Playback: .3gp, .mp4, .m4a, .aac, .ts, .flac, .mp3, .mid, .ogg,. Playback: .3gp, .mp4, .ts, webm, mkv. All units of measurement may vary slightly according to manufacturing tolerance.. Platform may be different after software update.. Available storage is less due to phone software. Available storage is subject to change based on phone software updates and apps usage. Extended memory limited to available microSD card size.. Network bands in regions may be different, depending on the mobile operator and your location. 4G LTE only available in select countries. Upload and download speeds also depend on the mobile operator.. The battery claims herein may vary based on cellular network, location, signal strength, feature configurations, app and phone usage, and many other factors. Note: Specifications may be different after software update and are subject to change without prior notice.. Australia Österreich Bangladesh Brazil Canada - English Canada - Français Česká republika 中国 Danmark Deutschland España Suomi France Hong Kong 香港 Hrvatska India Indonesia Ireland Italia 日本 Казахстан América Latina Malaysia Magyarország Middle East الشرق الأوسط Myanmar Nederland New Zealand Norge Pakistan Россия и СНГ Polska România Schweiz Singapore Sri Lanka Sverige 台灣 ประเทศไทย Türkiye Україна United Kingdom United States Việt Nam Saudi Arabia. Australia Österreich Bangladesh Brazil Canada - English Canada - Français Česká republika 中国 Danmark Deutschland España Suomi France Hong Kong 香港 Hrvatska India Indonesia Ireland Italia 日本 Казахстан América Latina Malaysia Magyarország Middle East الشرق الأوسط Myanmar Nederland New Zealand Norge Pakistan Россия и СНГ Polska România Schweiz Singapore Sri Lanka Sverige 台灣 ประเทศไทย Türkiye Україна United Kingdom United States Việt Nam Saudi Arabia. Australia Österreich Bangladesh Brazil Canada - English Canada - Français Česká republika 中国 Danmark Deutschland España Suomi France Hong Kong 香港 Hrvatska India Indonesia Ireland Italia 日本 Казахстан América Latina Malaysia Magyarország Middle East الشرق الأوسط Myanmar Nederland New Zealand Norge Pakistan Россия и СНГ Polska România Schweiz Singapore Sri Lanka Sverige 台灣 ประเทศไทย Türkiye Україна United Kingdom United States Việt Nam Saudi Arabia. Australia Österreich Bangladesh Brazil Canada - English Canada - Français Česká republika 中国 Danmark Deutschland España Suomi France Hong Kong 香港 Hrvatska India Indonesia Ireland Italia 日本 Казахстан América Latina Malaysia Magyarország Middle East الشرق الأوسط Myanmar Nederland New Zealand Norge Pakistan Россия и СНГ Polska România Schweiz Singapore Sri Lanka Sverige 台灣 ประเทศไทย Türkiye Україна United Kingdom United States Việt Nam Saudi Arabia. HTC U11 HTC U11 life Privacy Policy Learn More Terms of Use Code of Conduct Copyright Product Security Cookies Virtual Patent Marking HTC Trademark Usage Guidelines Proposition 65. Fitness VIVE VIVEPORT Company Overview Press & Media Room Investor Device Security Working at HTC. HTC U11 Accessories HTC U11 llife Accessories HTC U Ultra Accessories HTC 10 Accessories HTC Bolt Accessories Edge Sense HTC Transfer Tools Power to Give HTC Partners HTC Dev HTC Research. Devices & Accessories Order Help Order Status Returns & Cancellations Shipping Information FAQs Warranty Policy. HTC U11 HTC U11 life Fitness VIVE VIVEPORT HTC U11 Accessories HTC U11 llife Accessories HTC U Ultra Accessories HTC 10 Accessories HTC Bolt Accessories Edge Sense HTC Transfer Tools Power to Give Devices & Accessories Order Help Order Status Returns & Cancellations Shipping Information FAQs Warranty Policy Privacy Policy Learn More Terms of Use Code of Conduct Copyright Product Security Cookies Virtual Patent Marking HTC Trademark Usage Guidelines Proposition 65 Company Overview Press & Media Room Investor Device Security Working at HTC HTC Partners HTC Dev HTC Research. 
CNET también está disponible en español.. This gorgeous big phone costs too damn much. CNET earns fees when you click these offers.. The Good The HTC U Ultra has a sharp design, crisp display and loud speakers. A secondary display gives quick access to notifications and app shortcuts.. The Bad The phone's premium price and large size make unsuitable for most people. There's also no headphone jack, it isn't water-resistant and its battery life is poor.. The Bottom Line The U Ultra is missing too many flagship features to justify its high price.. The HTC U Ultra would have been a good phone in 2014. Here in 2017, its crisp 5.7-inch display, high quality speakers and fluid glass design are overshadowed by the curious decision to omit key flagship features. The phone lacks both wireless charging and water resistance. Like the iPhone 7 , it lacks a headphone jack.. The flagship features it does flaunt -- a secondary display and smart AI assistant -- ultimately fall short and don't justify its extortionate price. This would be a different review if the U Ultra cost $400, but instead it's priced at the top end of the market, at $750, £649 or AU$1,199. That's a lot to pay for a phone that sacrifices so much.. HTC may get another chance if it releases the rumored HTC 11 , but as an interim phone, the U Ultra just doesn't do the job. Android fans should hold out to see what's around the bend with the HTC 11, Samsung Galaxy S8 and LG G6 ( $569.95 at Amazon.com ) , or look to the Google Pixel XL or OnePlus 3T for large-screen goodness that hits the mark.. The U Ultra doesn't feel as premium as the all-metal HTC 10 ( $384.99 at Amazon.com ) , but the reflective glass body makes it one of the prettiest phones I've seen in a long time. I'm especially fond of the blue model I used for this review.. But there's a new trend in the mobile market. We're now seeing phones with larger displays in smaller bodies, such as the LG G6 and, it's rumored, the Galaxy S8. The U Ultra's front fingerprint sensor, secondary display (more on that later) and large bezel make it bigger than just about every other phone on the market. It's truly massive and difficult to hold and operate with one hand.. HTC made the decision to give the U Ultra no headphone jack, like the iPhone 7. The company claimed omitting it gave it more flexibility in the design, but the U Ultra's design isn't anything revolutionary. It's also a letdown that the U Ultra isn't water-resistant. It's 2017, and a flagship phone that isn't water-resistant (especially one this expensive) simply isn't worth it.. To listen to music you have to buy a $12 USB-C to 3.5mm adapter from HTC and only HTC, because it uses a specific format to boost audio quality. For $750, this adapter should be included with the phone.. HTC does include a pair of specialized USB-C headphones that can create a personalized sound profile based on the size of your ear canal. They were comfortable to wear and it's a cool idea, but I couldn't tell any difference from my cheap Bluetooth headphones.. The U Ultra has two displays: that beautiful 5.7-inch Quad HD (2,560x1,440-pixel) screen and a second 2-inch strip that sits at the top right edge of the phone, next to the camera. Similar to what we saw with the LG V20 , this secondary screen can be used to display notifications and control music playback, view the weather, change a setting, or quickly jump into a favorite app or contact -- but that's it. I wish there were more customization options, such as removing unused screens or changing what is displayed.. The notifications screen will also show the time, date and weather when the main display is off, but unlike a few other phones, it isn't always on. It will light up when a notification comes in or if you double tap it. It feels like HTC missed an opportunity here.. While I enjoyed being able to control music without having to pull down the notification bar or opening Spotify, most of the time the secondary screen felt more like a gimmick than a vital feature.. Best Phones for 2018. See All. Samsung’s king of phones is excellent, but you'll pay a pretty penny for stylus privileges.. A radical redesign that's nearly all screen includes a new cutting-edge facial recognition.... LG just gave Samsung a run for the money.. But we're still waiting on the Siri-like AI.. The Pixel 2's superb camera makes it worth a look.. This week on CNET News. Homeland Security's tall order: A hacker-free election. 'Annihilation' director wove memory into a dream-like movie. Dogecoin: The joke cryptocurrency that was too real for its own good. Discuss HTC U Ultra. Be respectful, keep it clean and stay on topic. We delete comments that violate our policy , which we encourage you to read. Discussion threads can be closed at any time at our discretion.. CNET may earn fees when you click through to a partner site.. 
GSM 850 / 900 / 1800 / 1900 - SIM 1 & SIM 2. HSDPA 850 / 900 / 1700(AWS) / 1900 / 2100. LTE band 1(2100), 2(1900), 3(1800), 4(1700/2100), 5(850), 7(2600), 8(900), 12(700), 17(700), 20(800), 28(700), 38(2600), 39(1900), 40(2300), 41(2500). HSPA 42.2/5.76 Mbps, LTE-A (3CA) Cat11 600/50 Mbps. 162.4 x 79.8 x 8 mm (6.39 x 3.14 x 0.31 in). Hybrid Dual SIM (Nano-SIM, dual stand-by). Super LCD5 capacitive touchscreen, 16M colors. 5.7 inches, 90.3 cm 2 (~69.7% screen-to-body ratio). 1440 x 2560 pixels, 16:9 ratio (~513 ppi density). Corning Gorilla Glass 5 (64 GB version) Sapphire crystal glass (128 GB version). - Secondary display, 160 x 1040 pixels, 2.05 inches. Android 7.0 (Nougat), planned upgrade to Android 8.0 (Oreo). Quad-core (2x2.15 GHz Kryo & 2x1.6 GHz Kryo). microSD, up to 256 GB (uses SIM 2 slot). 12 MP (f/1.8, 26mm, 1/2.3", 1.55 µm), OIS, phase detection & laser autofocus, dual-LED dual-tone flash, check quality. Geo-tagging, touch focus, face detection, Auto-HDR, panorama. 2160p@30fps (24-bit/192kHz audio), 720p@120fps, check quality. - Active noise cancellation with dedicated mic. Wi-Fi 802.11 a/b/g/n/ac, dual-band, WiFi Direct, DLNA, hotspot. Fingerprint (front-mounted), accelerometer, gyro, proximity, compass. SMS(threaded view), MMS, Email, Push Mail, IM. - Fast battery charging (Quick Charge 3.0). Brilliant Black, Cosmetic Pink, Ice White, Sapphire Blue. Basemark OS II 2.0: 2222 / Basemark X: 35875. Contrast ratio: 1831 (nominal), 3.453 (sunlight). Voice 61dB / Noise 73dB / Ring 86dB. Also known as HTC Ocean Note. We can not guarantee that the information on this page is 100% correct. HTC U Ultra - user opinions and reviews. Should I buy HTC U ultra or huawei mate 10 lite. I would say in the top 5 for 2017.. What about the rear camera, is it good???. Samsung Apple Nokia Sony LG HTC Motorola Huawei Microsoft Lenovo Xiaomi Google Acer Asus Oppo OnePlus Meizu BlackBerry Alcatel ZTE Toshiba Vodafone Energizer XOLO Lava Micromax BLU Gionee vivo LeEco Panasonic HP YU verykool Maxwest Plum. HTC U11 HTC U Play Huawei Mate 10 Lite HTC 10 HTC U11+ LG G6. HTC U11 Eyes HTC One (M8) HTC 10 HTC U11+ HTC Desire 10 Pro HTC U11. 
The best way to stay connected to the Android pulse. Our main newsletter is the Android Weekly which is sent every Sunday and contains all the top Android news, reviews and features from the past week.. The best way to stay connected to the Android pulse.. 100% Privacy, No Spam Policy: We value privacy and your email address will be 100% secure. We hate spam just like you do and will never send you too much email, nor will we ever share your information with anyone.. by Lanh Nguyen March 24, 2017. Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus.. Great picture quality on front and rear cameras. Clean software experience with HTC Sense. Not easy to use in one hand. Mirror-like finish attracts dust and fingerprints. High price tag even for an unlocked device. The HTC U Ultra brings top tier specifications, a great camera, and dual displays to the high-end smartphone market, but for $750, it lacks any truly compelling features and becomes more difficult to justify with the removal of the headphone jack, small battery, and lack of ingress protection.. Is the U Ultra what HTC needs right now?. HTC U Ultra: The top features you should know. Processor 64-bit quad-core 2.15 GHz Qualcomm Snapdragon 821. MicroSD Yes, expandable up to 2 TB. Cameras Main: 12 MP UltraPixel 2 with 1.55μm pixel size, f/1.8 aperture, laser autofocus, PDAF, OIS, dual-tone LED. Front: 16 MP with UltraPixel mode. 3D Audio recording with 4 microphones. Dimensions and weight 162.41 x 79.79 x 3.6-7.99 mm. It’s no secret that HTC has had a rough go of it for the past few years, despite offering solid flagship devices renowned for their beautiful design, build quality, and fantastic audio experience. said, it unfortunately has been a case of “more of the same” when it comes to the company’s flagships, which is one of the reasons for their lackluster performance in the market.. Now, last year’s HTC 10 did bring a beautiful design and a few neat. was ultimately more of an evolution than a revolution.. HTC is hoping to change that with the all-new U series of smartphones, launched back in January at CES. With the high-end offering, called the U Ultra , HTC has changed things up by not only releasing a high-end smartphone. much earlier than usual, but also by completely revamping the design and build quality, along with new features like a secondary display. HTC has a lot riding on the success of this device, but does it deliver? Find out, in our. in-depth review of the HTC U Ultra!. The U Ultra is HTC’s biggest phone so far, but figuratively and literally. This is a behemoth of a device that eclipses most of the bigger. flagships like the LG V20 ,. If you’re looking for an apt size comparison, you will have to think back to the Google Nexus 6 .. LG V20 review: a premium phone that will delight audiophiles. has left a big gap in the market and one company that is primed to fill that space is LG, with the latest addition to their V series that was first …. Google Pixel XL review: a Pixel’s perspective. Fans of the Nexus range, you can now wince as Google’s iconic Nexus range is dead. However, if you’re interested in the Pure Android experience as Google imagines it, you need not worry as the …. One-handed use is almost entirely out of the question. Of course, the large overall footprint is because of the 5.7-inch display that is accompanied by another secondary ticker display, but not helping is the rather significant bezels along the sides of the display, coupled with. the large top and bottom chin. Granted, many don’t mind large smartphones nowadays, but the HTC U Ultra does seem to be bigger than it should be, and one-handed use is almost entirely out of the question.. Below the display is a solid state home button that doubles as a fingerprint scanner. It’s as fast and accurate as expected, but the capacitive navigation keys that flank it are not without issue. First, they sit far too low towards the bottom edge of the phone, and their imprint is quite small as well. This makes them very difficult to tap with any accuracy, and it became quite frustrating to keep missing the buttons completely because of how low and small they were.. HTC is known for paying attention to build quality, and that continues to be true with the HTC U Ultra. As mentioned, HTC is known for paying attention to factors like build quality, and that continues to be true with the HTC U Ultra, despite the device featuring a completely new build when compared to their previous smartphones. Granted, while this design and build may be new to HTC, it isn’t something we haven’t already seen, with the company also making the jump to a metal and glass unibody construction.. The cleanest the U Ultra will ever be is when you first take it out of the box. To stand out from the crowd, the back does come with a unique and extremely reflective mirror-like finish that looks fantastic and definitely catches the eye when the phone is actually clean. Unfortunately, the cleanest the HTC U Ultra will ever be is when you first take it out of the box. A primarily glass construction is already prone to smudges, but the reflective surface makes it even more of a fingerprint and dust magnet. The area around the camera protrusion seems to be particularly affected by dust collection, and it is almost futile to try and keep it clean.. Speaking of the camera bulge, that is one of a couple of odd choices HTC has made with the U Ultra, with the second being the lack of a headphone jack. The device isn’t particularly thin, which makes the presence of a camera bulge hard to justify, especially when considering how significant the protrusion actually is. It is also definitely thick enough to house a headphone jack, and the only possible reason for its omission could be for HTC to push their USonic USB Type-C earbuds that is included in the box. You will have to get your own adapter though, if you are planning to use your regular headphones.. The U Ultra's display is absolutely amazing. There are quite a few positives about the HTC U Ultra, and the display is definitely one of them. The device comes with a 5.7-inch Super LCD5 display with a Quad HD resolution which looks absolutely amazing. It is a very sharp and vibrant display with a lot of contrast, and the brightness is good enough to allow for comfortable outdoor viewing.. The only glaring problem with the screen is that there is some very noticeable light bleed the comes from the upper left corner, right below the front-facing camera. Of course, this doesn’t detract from the quality of the display or the overall viewing experience, but it is something that is quite difficult to unsee.. The U Ultra also comes with a secondary ticker display, and to be completely honest, this is essentially a carbon copy of the second display found with the LG V20. It performs the exact same functions, such as the ability to show you incoming notifications, the weather information, house shortcuts to your favorite apps and contacts, play music, and show any upcoming calendar events.. The secondary display is essentially a carbon copy of the V20's. It also works when the main display is off, and displays notifications, basic time and date info, and gives you access to some system settings like Wi-Fi, Bluetooth, and the camera. Instead of being always-on, an auto-wake functionality is built in so whenever you pick up the phone, you will be able to quickly glance at any notifications you may have missed or see any other important information without having to wake the main display.. Although it borrows a lot of the features of the LG secondary display, it does feel a little underutilized at times in the case of the U Ultra. For example, if you are watching a video, playing a game, or using the camera, the secondary display becomes a blank black bar, save for when you receive any notifications. This makes it feel like wasted space when it doesn’t have an use inside certain apps.. Under the hood, the HTC U Ultra comes with a quad-core Qualcomm Snapdragon 821 processor, backed by the Adreno 530 GPU and 4 GB of RAM. This is the processing package of choice for most current generation flagships, including the. Real world performance of the U Ultra doesn’t hold any surprises.. Everything is as smooth and fluid as expected, the touch response is excellent, and it is quick and easy to open, close, and switch between applications. The device also handles gaming extremely well, with there being no noticeable issues with lag or dropped frames. While the software package contributes to the smooth performance of the U Ultra, this processing package continues to impress.. 64 GB and 128 GB are the in-built storage options available with the HTC U Ultra, but if it is a concern, you do get expandable storage via microSD card up to an additional 256 GB. However, keep in mind that in markets where the dual-SIM variant of the phone is available, users will have to make the choice between dual-SIM capabilities and expandable storage, with the secondary SIM slot doubling as the microSD card slot.. Related: Best dual-SIM Android phones. When it comes to external audio, the U Ultra features a similar setup to what was seen with their 2016 flagship, the HTC 10. You get a tweeter and woofer combo with a front-facing speaker going where the earpiece is located and another speaker at the bottom of the phone. It gets plenty loud, but the quality you get will depend on the equalizer setting you decide to use. Oddly enough, the “theater mode” sounds much better the “music mode” regardless of what you are listening to, with a much fuller and deeper sound on offer with the former.. When it comes to the battery, you’d expect a massive one when considering the size of the phone. While the 3,000 mAh capacity of the HTC U Ultra battery is respectable, it does seem small given how big this device is. For comparison, phones like the Samsung Galaxy S7 Edge. have smaller bodies but pack significantly larger batteries.. In the past, OnePlus focused on one primary flagship per year,. Only six months after the OnePlus 3 was first announced, OnePlus returned again with the OnePlus 3T.. After years of criticism for its stubborn refusal to move past its plastic-clad design language, last year we finally saw a new Samsung emerge with the introduction of the Galaxy S6 and S6 Edge. All this won’t make a difference if the battery still manages to impress, but that is unfortunately not the case. You will get anywhere between 3 and 4 hours of screen-on time with average usage, and that should be enough to allow for a full day of use for most. Any heavier usage will require you to charge the device halfway through the day, but if that is the case, you do get to take advantage of fast-charging technology that will have you up and running in no time. You don’t get wireless charging capabilities though, despite HTC moving from metal construction to glass.. The U Ultra's camera setup really does impress. One of the reasons for HTC’s failure to connect with smartphone consumers was because of their previous flagships featuring lackluster camera performance, so it’s great to see that the camera setup of the U Ultra is another really strong aspect of this smartphone. You get a 12 MP “UltraPixel” rear camera with a large 1.55 micron pixel size, f/1.8 aperture, laser and phase detection autofocus, and optical image stabilization. The front-facing 16 MP shooter is no slouch either, and is capable of taking excellent selfies.. The camera application is clean and easy to use, and offers a handful of shooting modes, including a Pro mode that comes with the ability to shoot in RAW. Of course, you won’t have to venture outside of the camera’s already fantastic Auto mode all that often.. The camera is quick to launch, fast to focus and snap photos, and the photos it takes are quite good. The image quality is at par with the camera of the Google Pixel , and just like the latter, the U Ultra camera shoots with HDR mode enabled by default. The photos are crisp and clear, color reproduction is pleasant, and it does quite well with handling exposure even in high contrast situations.. Further reading: The best Android smartphone cameras. Unsurprisingly, there is a noticeable increase in noise when taking shots in low-light conditions, but the overall level of detail and clarity is still quite good, courtesy of the larger pixel size and the built-in OIS, that also lets the camera take photos very fast in these situations.. Where it does start to get weird is when there are a lot of prominent light sources in the shot, like street lamps or traffic lights. You end up with photos that have a bunch of random floating light particles, and this is something that you can actually see on the viewfinder itself as you are taking the shot. While I first believed that this may be because of an unclean camera sensor, that doesn’t seem to be the case. Also, since the floating lights appear on the viewfinder before taking a shot, the issue is likely hardware related, instead of being a problem with any software-based post processing.. This is somewhat reminiscent of the halo effect that Google’s Pixel smartphones suffered from, While it is difficult to pinpoint exactly what’s causing this issue with the U Ultra, the extremely reflective backing could be the culprit, other than there being something physically wrong with the sensor itself. In any case, it is hopefully something that HTC can actually address.. On the software side of things, the HTC U Ultra is running the latest version of HTC Sense on top of Android 7.0 Nougat. While the HTC Sense UI may be starting to feel a little dated at this point, it remains one of the cleanest software skins out there. All the usual features like BlinkFeed and the highly customizable Theme engine return, but you still get a lightweight, stock-like look and feel. Since the U Ultra will be sold completely unlocked, you also won’t have to deal with any unnecessary carrier bloatware.. The new addition to HTC’s software package is the Sense Companion, which is their own take on an AI Assistant. It is supposed to provide suggestions and reminders based on your personal usage and location, but despite having this service enabled throughout my time with this phone, I haven’t received a single suggestion yet. This is also said to feature built-in voice recognition, but there isn’t any to be found from what I’ve seen thus far. You are definitely better off using Google Assistant which is also built in, since the Sense Companion doesn’t seem to do anything beyond, or even as much as, what Google is already doing for you.. Just to be clear, this is not a bad phone by any stretch of the imagination. In this day and age, it is getting harder and harder to find a phone that is truly poor, but we’ve also gotten to the point where factors like unique features and value for money are what make for compelling smartphones, and unfortunately, the HTC U Ultra doesn’t quite fit the bill.. The small battery and the lack of a headphone jack are questionable choices at best. The phone comes with high-end specifications, a really eye catching design, and a solid camera, but the small battery and the lack of a headphone jack are questionable choices at best. It is also missing features that are becoming increasingly standard, like wireless charging and dust/water resistance. would all be fine if not for the $750 price tag that is extremely hard to justify, and makes the phone far less accessible to consumers. It is a price point that only diehard HTC fans would be willing to bear, and while this may the phone for U, it certainly isn’t the one for me.. What are your thoughts on the HTC U Ultra? We’d love to hear what you think in the comments below!. HTC , HTC U Ultra. Your source for all things Android!. © 2018 Android Authority | All Rights Reserved.. 
The source for Tech Buying Advice. More Car Tech. Tech deals, prizes and latest news. A large phone that doubles its screens. HTC's latest phablet is has an attractive look and a lot of great ideas - including a second screen - but a lot is recycled tech here and it's hard to recommend when the HTC 10 offers a lot of the same at a lower price.. HTC Sense still a great UI. HTC U Ultra price and release date Key features HTC's U Ultra features two screens, one along the top of the phone It offers extra functionality, including music controls and notifications HTC’s ‘Sense Companion’ has now landed on the device Design and display Interesting glass-backed design that you'll love or hate 5.7-inch QHD main display, which may be too large for some. Update: This review has been updated to include the addition of the Sense Companion - read on to find out how we found it.. Huge phone screens are becoming the norm, and HTC wants to try its hand at making a phone that’s larger than its traditional flagship – that’s how we’ve got the U Ultra.. The 5.9-inch HTC One Max from 2013 showed it was possible to make a phone that was too big, but this is a phone that’s much easier to handle thanks to a slightly smaller display.. The U Ultra is one half of a new partnership of phones – the other is the HTC U Play – which aren’t exactly flagship products but still pack some impressive spec, and may tempt you to upgrade even before the HTC 11 launches.. But in a market full of great large screen offerings from Samsung, Apple and other Android manufacturers, does the HTC U Ultra do enough differently to stand out from the rest of the crowd?. HTC has priced the U Ultra at the top end of the market, at a whopping $749 (£649/AU$1,199). That’s quite a step up from the HTC 10, which at the time of the U Ultra's launch was going for $599 (£500, AU$1,099), and currently retails for £470 / $400 / AU$1099, or less when there's a sale on.. It puts the HTC U Ultra in a similar price bracket to the iPhone 7 Plus, which is the most expensive of Apple’s line of phones.. The U Ultra came to the UK on March 1, and you can buy it directly from HTC. In the US it began shipping in mid-March, while Australia saw a release on March 8.. Since release, the price of the HTC U Ultra has dropped a little, and it can now be found for around £549 in the UK SIM-free - and has seen even heavier reductions around Black Friday, going for as little as £300 from some retailers.. The headline feature of the U Ultra is its dual-screen design. On top of large QHD 5.7-inch display you’ll mainly use to interact with the phone is a 2.05-inch screen sitting alongside the front-facing camera.. This smaller display has a resolution of 160 x 1040, and displays a series of apps in a similar fashion to the second screen on the LG V20. It’s also reminiscent of the way you interact with the Samsung Galaxy S7 Edge and its ‘Edge’ features.. The smaller display is a useful way to see information displayed without interrupting what you’re doing on the main screen.. For example, if you’re typing out a long email on the main screen you’ll see your Facebook Messenger notifications appear in the second screen, rather than having to come out of your email program to check them.. That’s useful as a reminder, and for a brief glimpse of what’s happening, but it won’t show you everything you need, especially if you receive a long message or complicated notification.. The secondary display itself runs a series of different interfaces. There are options for weather, music, contacts and calendar notifications, and you can also set it up to display shortcuts to some of your most-used apps.. We found the most useful option was a note app, as it meant our reminders were waiting at the top of the screen to jog our memory whenever we opened the phone. Spotify integration, meanwhile, makes the music app useful if you often want to flick through tracks.. You can scroll through all these mini-screens by flicking left and right on the screen itself.. Since launch, HTC has added its ‘Sense Companion’ software to the U Ultra, promising to suggest useful information based on your daily usage.. The Sense Companion can monitor your weight, activity, usage patterns and more, with the user having a fine degree of control over how much it can actually ‘see’.. Going the whole hog and giving all of your info can involve reminders to take an umbrella if it is due to rain, information about nearby restaurants if you’re out at lunch, reminders to charge your phone in the evening and more.. Crucially, the Sense Companion never ‘speaks’ to you, instead - like the rest of HTC’s software - it attempts to fill a gap not taken by Google, giving reminders in writing.. In day to day use, the notifications proved to be only somewhat useful (though this is true of all digital assistants), often missing the mark entirely. They display in the same way as the Facebook Messenger ‘chat heads’, a small bubble taking up a part of the screen.. HTC U Ultra users also have the option of displaying the notifications from the Sense Companion on the small secondary screen - that is if they choose to keep it enabled.. By far the best tie in is with HTC’s Boost+ app, the Sense Companion will monitor your RAM and battery usage and offer to clean up unused caches and stop power-hungry apps on the fly. But this isn’t something that happens all the time, and this inconsistency can be a problem.. In theory, this could be a very powerful tool. Boost+ has an array of granular options over how apps in the foreground and apps in the background can perform, even allowing app by app control. In theory, using this regularly could see battery life increase considerably, though it will depend massively on individual usage.. Still, for everyone who has ever had a mysterious Android program such as ‘Media Browser’ eat up an unconscionable amount of battery, it could be a life-saver.. As HTC continues to update the Sense Companion, and as it learns more about the user, in time it will likely prove to be a useful value-add-on. The real issue is with relevance - every manufacturer in the game seems to be working on its own digital assistant.. Microsoft has Cortana, Google the Google Assistant, Amazon proudly touts Alexa and Samsung flaunts Bixby. All of these companies have more resources and have bigger visions. Whether the Sense Companion will last another year is yet to be seen as HTC insists again that it doesn’t wish to compete directly where Google provides a service better.. For the moment, it is not so annoying that it should be immediately dismissed, and that is an achievement in itself.. The HTC U Ultra features a brave design choice you won’t see on any other manufacturer’s phone on the market in 2017. It’s the first phone from the company to embrace a glass back design – and it may not be to everyone’s taste.. HTC calls it a ‘liquid surface’ design, which combines glass and metal, and it isn’t unattractive. It can appear both as a single block color and pearlescent, depending on how the light plays off it, and it looks pretty stunning from afar – especially the sapphire blue variant.. The back of the phone is subtly curved and feels nice to hold in the palm, allowing for a better grip than you might expect when you first set eyes on it. The U Ultra is wider than the Samsung Galaxy S7 Edge or other phablets though, so those with smaller hands may have some issues with holding it.. Considering there’s a 5.7-inch screen on this phone, though, it’s quite easy to hold. The glass doesn’t feel slippery, like it can on some handsets, and you won’t find yourself losing your grip easily.. Our main complaint with the design is the weight of the phone – if you’re used to a heavier device, you’ll likely notice how the lack of heft detracts from that premium feel the phone is looking for, though this does make it easier to use one-handed.. We found all of the buttons easy to reach, including the fingerprint sensor which, as on other HTC devices, is on the front of the phone below the display.. The sensor is a little small compared to some others, and it can sometimes be tricky to get your thumb or finger on exactly the right spot to unlock your phone. We often found ourselves pressing down multiple times to be able to open the U Ultra up.. Either side of the fingerprint sensor are capacitive keys for ‘back’ and a list view of the apps you currently have running.. You’ll be able to buy the HTC U Ultra in black, white, blue and pink – although that last version is called Cosmetic Pink in the marketing materials. Come on HTC: women don’t need to be told which phone is designed for them. We know pink phones sell well, so just call it that and don’t make the gender targeting so overt…. The U Ultra features a Super LCD5 5.7-inch display with a QHD resolution – that’s 2560 x 1440 – so you get gorgeous picture quality no matter what you’re looking at. It’s larger than the display on the HTC 10, and at 513 pixels per inch it’s slightly less pixel-dense than the screen on HTC’s last flagship, but offers the same crystal-clear picture.. The brightness is also great on the U Ultra, remaining plenty visible in direct sunlight, while viewing angles are exactly as good as you’d expect from a phone made in 2017.. Next Page What’s it like to use?. You can unsubscribe at any time and we'll never share your details without your permission.. Get the best tech deals, reviews, product advice, competitions, unmissable tech news and more!. 1 Samsung Galaxy S9 release date, price, news and features. 2 Samsung Galaxy S9 launch: as it happened. 3 Samsung Galaxy S9 live stream: how to watch today's big launch event. 4 MWC 2018: All the latest news from the show. 5 How to watch Arsenal v Man City live stream online for the Carabao Cup final NOW. 2 Samsung Galaxy S9 Plus review. 3 Samsung Galaxy S9 release date, price, news and features. 4 Samsung Galaxy S9 launch: as it happened. 5 BlackBerry: 'we understand we are not for everyone' but 'we're here to stay'. TechRadar is part of Future plc, an international media group and leading digital publisher. England and Wales company registration number 2008885.. 
Press enter or click on the search icon. What is the HTC U Ultra?. The U Ultra is the latest phablet from HTC. It aims to entice buyers away from the Huawei P10 Plus , and to fill the gap left by the Galaxy Note 7 , by offering users a variety of unusual features.. The two most noteworthy are the addition of a secondary screen on the phone’s top, as well as a new Sense AI feature that will let the phone learn your usage habits and automatically take actions on your behalf.. The features are interesting, but sadly the U Ultra ultimately fails to fully deliver because it doesn’t get basic things right, such as battery life and camera performance.. HTC is a company that prides itself on design and its flagship metal One-series smartphones have, in my opinion, always been beautiful devices. That’s why I’m a little disappointed by the U Ultra, which feels like the ugly duckling of HTC’s line.. HTC’s ditched the full-metal frame design it’s famous for and opted for a glass back. This would be fine if the glass had the classy feel of that on the Samsung Galaxy S7 Edge , but it doesn’t. The back feels more like plastic than glass and is an outright smudge magnet. It also feels a little flimsy and there’s a noticeable amount of flex when you press on it with even moderate force. This isn’t a handset I’d expect to survive any serious accidental drop or bump.. Related: Galaxy S8+ hands-on I’m also not impressed that HTC’s once again not loaded the phone with a headphone jack – a move that will force buyers to invest in wireless headphones or rely on the USB-C set included in the U Ultra’s box. It’s a small quibble, but as someone who regularly listens to music using a wired set while charging my phone, the lack of a 3.5mm jack is an annoyance.. The omission of a microSD slot is another minor annoyance, though personally I imagine the 64GB seen on the basic Gorilla Glass model and 128GB of internal space on the flashier Sapphire Crystal version will be more than enough for most users.. These issues aside, in hand the device isn’t terrible. Though the back does rapidly become slippery when wet – an issue in rainy Britain – the U Ultra’s 8mm thickness and 170g weight make it comfortable to hold and skinny jean-friendly, despite the dimensions necessary for that 5.7-inch screen.. The front-facing fingerprint scanner also performs admirably and proved consistently reliable throughout testing; although like all fingerprint readers, it doesn’t work particularly well in the rain.. The U Ultra’s dual-screen setup is one of its headline features. The system works in a similar way to the twin-display setup seen on the LG V10 and V20 and places a secondary 2-inch screen over the U Ultra’s primary 5.7-inch 1440p panel.. Get news, competitions and special offers direct to your inbox. By submitting your information, you agree to the Terms & Conditions and Privacy & Cookies Policy .. Please keep me up to date with special offers and news from Trusted Reviews and other brands within the Time Inc. You can unsubscribe at any time.. We'd also like to send you special offers and news just by email from other carefully selected companies we think you might like. Your personal details will not be shared with those companies - we send the emails and you can unsubscribe at any time. Please tick here if you are happy to receive these messages.. Terms & Conditions and Privacy & Cookies Policy. The display will show notifications and shortcuts for things like apps and contacts. It’ll also occasionally pop up application-specific controls for things like Music, which is pretty useful. The ability to customise it to offer quick shortcuts to contacts and applications is also a nice touch, although the U Ultra’s phablet dimensions make reaching the top screen a bit of a challenge for people with small hands.. The primary display is also pretty good. The 1440p resolution ensures text and icons look uniformly sharp. The Super LCD 5 panel also offers reasonably realistic-looking colours that don’t look too cool or too warm. Blacks aren’t the inkiest I’ve seen, especially when compared to AMOLED panels, but they’re far from terrible.. My only criticisms are that whites aren’t quite as clean as I’d like on a phone in this price bracket and the screen’s maximum brightness is a little low. Whites aren’t terrible, but they have a grey/reddish tinge that becomes particularly noticeable when viewing the display at even a moderate angle.. The phone’s brightness is up to scratch for use indoors, but the low maximum becomes evident the moment you try and use it in brightly lit areas. In areas with bright lamps, and in the outdoors, the phone rapidly becomes reflective and hard to use, even with the brightness cranked. This isn’t helped by the auto-brightness setting’s sluggish response time.. Trusted Reviews is part of Time Inc. (UK) Ltd Fashion & Beauty Network. 
Select the department you want to search in. Sign in Account & Lists Sign in Account & Lists Orders Try Prime Cart. Your Amazon.com Today's Deals Gift Cards Registry Sell Help Disability Customer Support. 1-16 of 153 results for "HTC U Ultra". See all results for HTC U Ultra .. HTC U Ultra Factory Unlocked Phone - 5.7" Screen - 64GB - Black (International Version - No Warranty). HTC U Ultra Tech Specs Platform: Android 7.0 with HTC Sense CPU .... Amazon's Choice for "HTC U Ultra". HTC U Ultra GSM Factory Unlocked Single SIM (USA warranty) - LTE Bands B1/B2/B3/B4/B5/B7/B8/B12/B17/B20/B28 TDD: Bands B38/B39/B40/B41 w/ 2CA, 3CA - (Ice White). Only 12 left in stock - order soon.. HTC U Ultra (U-1u) 5.7-Inch 4GB RAM / 64GB ROM 4G LTE Dual SIM FACTORY UNLOCKED - International Stock No Warranty (INDIGO BLUE). Only 1 left in stock - order soon.. $305.00 (7 used &amp new offers). Product Features Package Content : HTC U Ultra (U-1u) 64GB , Earphone , USB Cable , Charger .. HTC U Ultra GSM Factory Unlocked Single SIM (USA warranty) - LTE Bands B1/B2/B3/B4/B5/B7/B8/B12/B17/B20/B28 TDD: Bands B38/B39/B40/B41 w/ 2CA, 3CA - (Brilliant Black). PRODUCT : HTC U ULTRA FACTORY UNLOCKED 4G/LTE ANDROID SMARTPHONE COLOUR .... HTC U11 life – Factory Unlocked – Sapphire Blue – 32GB. $320.00 (5 used &amp new offers). HTC Desire 10 Pro D10i 64GB Stone Black Factory Unlocked GSM International Version no warranty. Only 20 left in stock - order soon.. $194.99 (11 used &amp new offers). HTC U Ultra Factory Unlocked Phone - 5.7" Screen - 64GB - Pink (International Version - No Warranty). HTC U Ultra Tech Specs Platform: Android 7.0 with HTC Sense CPU .... Spigen Rugged Armor HTC U Ultra Case with Resilient Shock Absorption and Carbon Fiber Design for HTC U Ultra - Black. HTC U Ultra Leather Flip Case (Milky White). Only 5 left in stock - order soon.. answer the phone and operating HTC U Ultra second-screen and voice .... HTC U11 with hands-free Amazon Alexa – Factory Unlocked – Sapphire Blue – 64GB. $399.98 (31 used &amp new offers). Trade-in eligible for an Amazon gift card. HTC Desire 10 Pro D10i 64GB Polar White, 5.5 Inch, Dual Sim, GSM Unlocked International Model, No Warranty. Only 1 left in stock - order soon.. HTC ONE M9 32GB Unlocked GSM 20MP Camera Smartphone, Gunmetal Grey. Only 1 left in stock - order soon.. $94.99 (19 used &amp new offers). Trade-in eligible for an Amazon gift card. HTC One M9+ Plus 32GB Gold on Silver, 5.2", GSM Unlocked International Model, No Warranty. $200.99 (8 used &amp new offers). Trade-in eligible for an Amazon gift card. HTC U Ultra GSM Factory Unlocked Single SIM (USA warranty) - LTE Bands B1/B2/B3/B4/B5/B7/B8/B12/B17/B20/B28 TDD: Bands B38/B39/B40/B41 w/ 2CA, 3CA - (Sapphire Blue). $319.97 (7 used &amp new offers). HTC U11 with hands-free Amazon Alexa – Factory Unlocked – Brilliant Black – 64GB. Only 18 left in stock - order soon.. $399.00 (34 used &amp new offers). Trade-in eligible for an Amazon gift card. HTC U Ultra (U-1u) 5.7-Inch 4GB RAM / 64GB ROM 4G LTE Dual SIM FACTORY UNLOCKED - International Stock No Warranty (ICEBERG WHITE). Product Features Package Content : HTC U Ultra (U-1u) 64GB , Earphone , USB Cable , Charger .. All customers get FREE Shipping on orders over $25 shipped by Amazon. Cell Phone Cases, Holsters & Clips. 4 Stars & Up & Up. 3 Stars & Up & Up. 2 Stars & Up & Up. 1 Star & Up & Up. There's a problem loading this menu right now.. Get fast, free shipping with Amazon Prime. Prime members enjoy FREE Two-Day Shipping and exclusive access to music, movies, TV shows, original audio series, and Kindle books.. Careers About Amazon Investor Relations Amazon Devices. Sell on Amazon Sell Your Services on Amazon Sell on Amazon Business Sell Your Apps on Amazon Become an Affiliate Advertise Your Products Self-Publish with Us › See all. Amazon Rewards Visa Signature Cards Amazon.com Store Card Amazon.com Corporate Credit Line Shop with Points Credit Card Marketplace Reload Your Balance Amazon Currency Converter. Your Account Your Orders Shipping Rates & Policies Amazon Prime Returns & Replacements Manage Your Content and Devices Amazon Assistant Help. Amazon Music Stream millions of songs. Amazon Drive Cloud storage from Amazon. 6pm Score deals on fashion brands. AbeBooks Books, art & collectibles. ACX Audiobook Publishing Made Easy. Alexa Actionable Analytics for the Web. Amazon Business Everything For Your Business. AmazonFresh Groceries & More Right To Your Door. AmazonGlobal Ship Orders Internationally. Home Services Handpicked Pros Happiness Guarantee. Amazon Inspire Digital Educational Resources. Amazon Rapids Fun stories for kids on the go. Amazon Restaurants Food delivery from local restaurants. Amazon Video Direct Video Distribution Made Easy. Amazon Web Services Scalable Cloud Computing Services. Audible Download Audio Books. AudiobookStand Discount Audiobooks on Disc. Book Depository Books With Free Delivery Worldwide. Box Office Mojo Find Movie Box Office Data. ComiXology Thousands of Digital Comics. CreateSpace Indie Print Publishing Made Easy. DPReview Digital Photography. East Dane Designer Men's Fashion. Fabric Sewing, Quilting & Knitting. Goodreads Book reviews & recommendations. IMDb Movies, TV & Celebrities. IMDbPro Get Info Entertainment Professionals Need. Junglee.com Shop Online in India. Kindle Direct Publishing Indie Digital Publishing Made Easy. Prime Now FREE 2-Hour Delivery on Everyday Items. Prime Photos Unlimited Photo Storage Free With Prime. Shopbop Designer Fashion Brands. TenMarks.com Math Activities for Kids & Schools. Warehouse Deals Open-Box Discounts. Whole Foods Market America’s Healthiest Grocery Store. Withoutabox Submit to Film Festivals. Woot! Deals and Shenanigans. Zappos Shoes & Clothing. Souq.com Shop Online in the Middle East. Subscribe with Amazon Discover & try subscription services. Conditions of Use Privacy Notice Interest-Based Ads © 1996-2018, Amazon.com, Inc. 
Quad-core (2x2.15 GHz Kryo & 2x1.6 GHz Kryo). 5.7 inch Super LCD5 capacitive touchscreen with Corning Gorilla Glass 5 for the 64 GB model and Sapphire crystal glass for the 128 GB model. 1440 × 2560 pixels (~513 ppi pixel density). 160 × 1040 pixels, 2.05 inches. 12 MP, f/1.8, 26mm, OIS, laser & phase detection autofocus, dual-LED (dual tone) flash. sensor size, 1.55µm pixel size, geo-tagging, touch focus, face detection, Auto-HDR, panorama. 3D Audio recording with 4 microphones. Wi-Fi : 802.11 a/b/g/n/ac, dual-band, Wi-Fi Direct, DLNA, hotspot. GPS : Yes, with A-GPS, GLONASS, BDS. USB : v3.1, Type-C 1.0 reversible connector. The Verge — HTC’s sapphire U Ultra is more scratch resistant than any iPhone or Galaxy phone (Sapphire U Ultra). The HTC U Ultra is an Android 7.0 Nougat smartphone manufactured and sold by HTC. It was released in February 2017. It was one of the first two devices of the new HTC U series (with the other being the HTC U Play).. The HTC U Ultra has a glass body with a non-removable 3000 mAh battery, a 5.7-inch capacitive touchscreen display with a 2.05-inch secondary display similar to the LG V20. The rear camera has a 12 megapixel sensor with optical image stabilization, dual LED flash, and a f/1.8 aperture with support for HDR. The front camera has a 16 megapixel sensor that shoots 1080p video and has an auto-HDR mode. Internal storage is either 64 or 128 gigabytes with support for MicroSD cards up to 256 GB and it weighs 170 grams. The HTC U Ultra ships with Android 7.0 Nougat overlaid with the HTC Sense UI.. The HTC U Ultra received mixed to negative reviews.. Android Police's David Ruddock liked the phone's large size and the high-gloss glass construction of the phone as well as the "lighter touch" of HTC's Sense skin that "includes some useful software tweaks", but lamented its lack of a headphone jack, its "poor battery life" which he attributed to the "awful" screen to battery ratio, its lack of carrier support and no ruggedization features and its $750 price, which he felt was "simply way too much". Andrew Martonik of Android Central praised the phone's "fantastic" performance, the "great" screen, "stunning" hardware, lack of bloatware the fact that the phone came unlocked and that it "absolutely nails the basics" but derided its "2016-level camera performance", lack of a headphone jack, the lack of utility for the second screen, no water resistance and the phone being too big for most hands. In the quick take he said "HTC continues to get the basics right with flagships. The U Ultra has a great screen, amazing build quality and stunning design. You get just about every spec inside you'd expect, and the day-to-day performance as a result is fantastic with a super-smooth software experience. Unfortunately, HTC's camera performance once again lags behind the pack, its secondary display is all but useless and there's no headphone jack or water resistance — all in a phone that's charging a premium price of $749." [3]. Writing for ZDNet , Matthew Miller singled out the gorilla glass on the front and back, the "high quality fit and finish", the "vibrant" BoomSound speakers and the "good" quality of the included earbuds as pros, but panned its large size, lack of a headphone jack, no water resistance and "average battery life and called the back a "fingerprint magnet". In the conclusion he stated "As it is, there are just too many compromises at the $749 price for me to commit to one now." [4]. ^ "HTC U Ultra - Full phone specifications". Retrieved 19 March 2017. ^ Ruddock, David (16 March 2017). "HTC U Ultra review: As confusing as it is pretty". Retrieved 19 March 2017. ^ Martonik, Andrew (17 March 2017). "HTC U Ultra review: A beautiful group of questionable decisions". Retrieved 19 March 2017. ^ Miller, Matthew (16 March 2017). "HTC U Ultra review: This gorgeous device is just too big, shiny and expensive". Retrieved 19 March 2017 .. HTC Android devices. Butterfly (J Butterfly / Droid DNA). Butterfly S (Butterfly S Hello Kitty Limited Edition). Desire 600 (Desire 600C / Desire 608T). Desire 700 (Desire 709D / Desire 7060 / Desire 7088). Desire 516 (Desire 516C / Desire 516G / Desire 316). Desire 620 (Desire 620G / Desire 820 Mini). Desire 820 (Desire 820G+ / Desire 820Q / Desire 820S). Desire 526 (Desire 526G / Desire 526G+). Desire 626 (Desire 626G / Desire 626G+ / Desire 626S). One S (One S Special Edition). One (M7) (One (M7) Google Play Edition / J One). One (M8) (One (M8) Google Play Edition / One (M8) Harman Kardon Edition / One (M8 Eye) / One M8S). One M9 (One M9 Prime Camera Edition / One M9(S)). One M9+ (One M9+ Supreme Camera Edition). Raider 4G (Velocity 4G / Vivid). HTC U Will Be IP57 Certified. Categories : Android (operating system) devices Touchscreen mobile phones Mobile phones introduced in 2017 HTC mobile phones. Not logged in Talk Contributions Create account Log in. Main page Contents Featured content Current events Random article Donate to Wikipedia Wikipedia store. Help About Wikipedia Community portal Recent changes Contact page. What links here Related changes Upload file Special pages Permanent link Page information Wikidata item Cite this page. Create a book Download as PDF Printable version. This page was last edited on 1 February 2018, at 11:55. Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License ;. By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc. 
A list of all the Google Now voice commands. 13 tips and tricks to master your HTC One (M8). 11 simple tips and tricks to get more from your LG G3. Get the most from your Samsung Galaxy S5 with these 16 tips and tricks. Back that app up: 5 great backup utilities for Android. Cabin review: Track your family's location, send messages, and assign tasks. HTC U Ultra review: A big beauty that's plagued with problems. HTC’s first flagship since the 10 is too big, too crippled, and too expensive to be considered as a phone worth buying. Use commas to separate multiple email addresses. There was an error emailing this page.. Three things HTC got right in the U Ultra. 3 Things I want to see at Google I/O. 3 Things I want to see at Google.... Is Alexa as good on your phone?. Is Alexa as good on your phone?. Hands-on: Samsung DeX for Galaxy S8. Hands-on: Samsung DeX for Galaxy S8. The HTC U Ultra isn't worth buying, but that doesn't mean it's all bad.. Three things HTC got right in the U Ultra. LG G6 Review: The right phone at the wrong time. Galaxy S8+ review: The future of Android is now. Huawei Mate 9 review: A giant phone with a small frame and big ambitions. Hands-on with the new Google Assistant.. Shaky first impression Michael Simon. Bumps and holes Christopher Hebert. Engineering anomalies Christopher Hebert. Small and insignificant Christopher Hebert. Quality sound Christopher Hebert. I’m not gonna lie, I like big phones. Before I became a full-time Android phone reviewer, I divided my time equally between the Nexus 6P and the iPhone 7 Plus , and I was more than a little bummed that I never got a chance to try out the Galaxy Note7 .. But the HTC U Ultra is just too big. It’s bigger than the Note7 and the Nexus 6P, yet the U Ultra has a 5.7-inch screen, just like those two competitors. It’s bigger than the 5.9-inch Huawei Mate 9. It’s even bigger than the rumored dimensions of the Galaxy S8+ , which will reportedly sport a 6.2-inch display. And it absolutely dwarfs the LG G6 .. The U Ultra has a big screen. Even if it wasn’t released in the middle of a race to see which phone has the slimmest bezels, the U Ultra would still be the largest phablet on the block. Its 5.7-inch screen is flanked by extremely large bezels, and topped off by a gimmicky second screen that makes the phone inordinately large for its display dimensions.. Worse yet, I never felt like its size was offering any tangible benefits. After my first few hours with it, I wrote down a question on my notepad: Why is this phone so big?. And over a week later, I still haven’t come up with a good answer.. When you take the U Ultra out of the box, you’ll notice something strange: A case is included. Lots of companies make cases for their phones but I can’t remember the last time one came with a phone, as if it was a necessary accessory like a charger or a set of earbuds.. The back of the U Ultra is as slippery as it is stunning.. And as you’ll quickly realize, it kind of is. The U Ultra’s size isn’t a bad thing in and of itself, but HTC compounded its bigness by making it so darn slippery. It’s already hard to hold, but its decision to adopt a “sophisticated liquid surface” is all the more puzzling. And even though the bundled case makes the phone even bigger, it does help keep from slipping out of your hands.. But the cheap, clear case definitely detracts from what is definitely one of the most beautiful phone backs ever made. Its in the same league as the Jet Black iPhone 7, but where Apple made its surface a little tacky to help with handling, HTC’s is so smooth you’re pretty much guaranteed to drop it. Granted, HTC will send you a free replacement the first time the screen breaks (thanks to a bundled year of its Uh Oh protection plan), but if you’re buying a $750 phone, you’re still going to worry about it.. There’s no denying that the U Ultra is a gorgeous phone, but some of the design decisions HTC made here are a little odd. It doesn’t have a dual camera, but it does have a camera bump, and a pretty aggressive one at that. And that mirrored glass back that looks so gorgeous in renderings is an absolute magnet for fingerprints, so much so that it comes bundled its own cleaning cloth. As a colleague noted, if you at this thing wrong it smudges.. Fingerprints and smudges are a fact of life with the U Ultra.. There’s also a weird little hump at the bottom where the USB-C port is, which I’ve never seen on a phone before. It’s not like the U Ultra is incredibly thin or anything (at a shade under 8mm, it’s around the same thickness as the Galaxy S7), so I don’t understand why HTC couldn’t make enough room for a USB-C port without this bump.. The USB-C port has a weird little hump around it.. There’s also a series of holes all around the case, five in all: One on the front, one on the back, two on the top, and one on the bottom. One of them is the eject button for the SIM tray, which is strangely positioned along the top edge of the phone, and the other four are “high-sensitivity omnidirectional” microphones for 3D audio recording, but most people are just going to notice that they’re there. Honestly, I couldn’t tell you where the microphones are on any of my other phones (including the Mate 9, which also utilizes a quad setup), but on the U Ultra, I’m very aware of them.. The rear of the U Ultra might be marketed as “liquid,” but the phone itself needs to stay away from it. It’s not waterproof, and by the end of the year, there’s a good chance it’ll be the only flagship that isn’t. The Pixel was probably the last premium phone that could slide by without an IP67 or 68 rating, as evidenced by the recently launched G6, which shed its longstanding removable battery for the sake of water resistance.. There’s a lot of room below the screen, so why did HTC make the capacitive buttons so small?. On the front of the U Ultra you’ll find a 5.7-inch Quad HD 2560 x 1440 LCD display at 513 ppi. There’s not much to complain about here. It’s vibrant and crisp, and a excellent set of customization options let you set the color to your liking. The bezels don’t do the size of the phone any favors, and the pill-shaped fingerprint sensor isn’t quite centered in the bountiful open space below the screen, making it even more awkward to hold than it needs to be. However, even though I often missed the sweet spot, it was still fast and accurate, and I kind of liked having a home button on the front after so many manufacturers have moved it to the back.. That’s no hill, that’s a camera bump.. The power button is below the volume keys, but a rugged texture helps limit the fumbling. The usual pair of capacitive navigation buttons flank the home button, but they’re way too small and also positioned much too low. I had to resort to keeping them illuminated so I knew where to press. If HTC had centered the fingerprint sensor and doubled the size of the navigation buttons it would have made the phone much easier to operate, and given its size it could use all the help it can get.. Where the front of the U Ultra really goes astray, however, is with its so-called secondary display, a gimmick we’ve already seen on the LG V20. While it seems like a good idea in theory (kind of like the Macbook Pro’s Touch Bar), the two-inch screen is too cramped to be of much use (kind of like the MacBook Pro’s Touch Bar).. The U Ultra’s second screen actually comes in handy at times.. It doesn’t quite reach all the way across the screen, and it doesn’t quite blend into the blackness next to it. But when it’s on it’s looks good. You can have up to six different screens on the secondary display, choosing from an upcoming event, a reminder, six contacts, music controls, weather, and six app shortcuts. Notifications also show in the little screen, but that doesn’t stop them from appearing as banners in the notification shade as well, which can get annoying, especially since there’s no way to stop them from appearing in the tiny screen.. When the main display is off, the secondary screen can be activated by double tapping, and it gains a set of quick settings that lets you toggle things like Bluetooth, Wi-Fi, and the flashlight. While it’s useful here, I can’t understand why it isn’t an option on the main screen. Equally annoying is the clock that appears when the screen is off. Not only is it superfluous to look at a the tiny screen when the massive one below it also shows the time, but there’s no way to change it from military time. And for whatever reason you can only see the weather forecast (which is also based on a 24-hour clock) when the screen is off.. With such a enormous body, you’d think the U Ultra at least has a giant battery to power you through a couple days of use. HTC has put a 3000 mAh battery inside its latest flagship, which, like the rest of the phone, might have been impressive 12 months ago.. With bigger screens and faster processors, batteries have to work harder than ever, and 3,000 mAh is the absolute bare minimum for a phone of this size, with the latest phablets all besting the U Ultra: the Pixel XL (3,450 mAh), Mate 9 (4,000 mAh), LG G6 (3,300 mAh), and even the mid-tier OnePlus 3T (3,400 mAh). And there’s no HTC optimization behind the scenes here to squeeze extra juice out if it either. It lasts about as long as you’d expect, 6 or so hours of heavy use, which will be enough to make it through some days but woefully inadequate on most of them.. Despite its huge size, the U Ultra only has a 3,000 mAh battery.. In our benchmark testing, it barely held its own against the 18-month-old Nexus 6p, and the newer flagships easily bested its 5-hour-and-change running time, with the Mate 9 nearly lapping it. It’s probably the most disappointing aspect of the U Ultra, and as you can tell, that’s saying something.. One area the U Ultra excels, however, is sound. Where most manufacturers overlook audio as a defining feature, HTC has always placed a premium on it, proudly showcasing its speaker grilles on the One, and partnering with Beats years before Apple forked over billions to buy it. The U Ultra sports HTC’s patented BoomSound speakers, which sound pretty incredible, as do the bundled pair of USonic earbuds.. The U Ultra scans your ears to get optimal sound out of its bundled U Sonic earbuds.. But they don’t connect to the U Ultra using the standard 3.5mm port. HTC has dumped the headphone jack in the interest of higher fidelity, so it’s USB-C or a third-party dongle (and given the preponderance of U branding here, I’m legit shocked, HTC didn’t rename it USB-U).. But while USB-C gives the U Ultra’s earbud’s some unique audio capabilities (like personalized listening modes), it’s ultimately a bad decision, especially since the phone doesn’t have wireless charging, despite its all-glass back. Apple might be able to get away with it, but HTC can’t afford to turn buyers away for what is essentially an arbitrary reason. There’s no reason why HTC couldn’t have touted the benefits of USB-C audio, kept the legacy jack and included wireless charging, all without making the case any bigger than it already is.. The U Ultra is one of the last flagships to utilize Snapdragon’s soon-to-be outdated 821 chip, but it’s currently still top of the heap and more than capable of handling a heavy workload. Besides, it’s looking like the Galaxy S8 will be the only phone to get a supply of 835s until at least the summer, so it’s hard to find fault with HTC’s decision.. Performance-wise, it’s as you’d expect from an 821-powered phone with 4GB of RAM, multitasking with ease and handling whatever comes its way. The 821 has been around long enough where it doesn’t blow anyone away anymore, but it’s still an extremely impressive chip that keeps games and apps humming all day long. At no point during my time with it did the U Ultra feel slow or sluggish, and from what I’ve seen with the Pixel, that same should be true after six months.. The U Ultra performs as you’d expect a Snapdragon 821-powered phone to.. While the Galaxy S8 will surely best the U Ultra and other 821 phones once it gets benchmarked in a few weeks, I suspect most users won’t see a major performance difference between the two chips.. With a giant frame, small battery, and $750 price tag, the HTC U Ultra is nothing more than an ultra waste of your money.. Second screen can be useful at times. No headphone jack or water resistance. Battery too small to get through most days.. Copyright © 2018 IDG Communications, Inc. The Android robot is reproduced or modified from work created and shared by Google and used according to terms described in the Creative Commons 3.0 Attribution License. Greenbot is an independent site that is not affiliated with Google Inc.. Explore the IDG Network descend. 
HTC U Ultra review: A beautiful group of questionable decisions. In a market filled with great high-end phones and tons of up-and-coming prospects at lower prices, the HTC U Ultra is unable to live up to its bloated price tag.. HTC continues to get the basics right with flagships. The U Ultra has a great screen, amazing build quality and stunning design. You get just about every spec inside you'd expect, and the day-to-day performance as a result is fantastic with a super-smooth software experience. Unfortunately, HTC's camera performance once again lags behind the pack, its secondary display is all but useless and there's no headphone jack or waterproofing — all in a phone that's charging a premium price of $749.. HTC U Ultra Full review. In 2017, the number of people who think of HTC in terms of nostalgia rather than as a leading smartphone company is growing. If you've been following the company's dwindling market share (and mind share) over the past three years, you'll know why. The company has lost ground particularly heavily in the U.S., where the market is split between Apple and Samsung at the high end, and a trove of low-cost phones at the other. HTC can't compete in either, and perhaps fittingly is barely emphasizing its brand new $749 U Ultra in the U.S.. It's a far cry from the substantial marketing pushes we saw with the HTC One M9 , HTC 10 and even HTC One A9 , but it makes sense considering the company's position. HTC hasn't made deals with any U.S. carriers for the U Ultra — choosing instead to sell unlocked directly to consumers — and isn't even bringing its mid-range sibling, the U Play, to North America as a counterweight.. Despite the diminished marketing emphasis for the phone in the U.S., HTC has gone decidedly high-end with the U Ultra — and not just in price. It's a big, beautiful, powerful phone with the latest HTC software tricks on top of just about every other feature we're looking for in a phone in this price bracket. The worry, as is far too often the case with HTC, is whether or not the execution is there — and in a world where you have a shoestring advertising budget, the phone has to be great. We put it to the test in our complete HTC U Ultra review.. I (Andrew Martonik) am writing this review after 8 days using the HTC U Ultra on T-Mobile in the greater Seattle, WA area. The phone arrived on software version 1.09.617.12 (Android 7.0) and was not updated during the course of review. The HTC U Ultra was provided to Android Central for review by HTC.. I had the opportunity to see the HTC U Ultra and U Play back at the beginning of January , and since then I still light up every time I come across a photo of that pristine shiny exterior. Holding a fresh blue HTC U Ultra in my hand today, I still get that great feeling. This thing is gorgeous — and not in a generic design sense, but with a very strong HTC vibe. And that's not just the case in this excellent blue color, but also in the pearlescent white and inky black varieties.. A beautiful piece of technology you just want to stare at.. The back is a finely-sculpted piece of glass, technically, but it doesn't look like any other glass-backed phone — distinctly different from the LG G6 and Galaxy S7. HTC calls it "optical spectrum hybrid deposition," and it's the culmination of two years of development on the process. The end result is a glassy exterior that has the color embedded inside the glass, rather than simply coating the underside of clear glass. It's beautiful and I can't take my eyes off of it — and it's sure to catch some attention when you use it in public.. More: Complete HTC U Ultra specs. The mirror-like finish is gorgeous and minimalistic, perfectly curving off to the edges where it meets a color-matched metal frame that doesn't have all that much texture to it. The front of the phone is a pristine black panel of glass that is of course perfectly assembled, and it frames a very large 5.7-inch display that also has an extra 2-inch display on top of it. The bezels on all four edges of the display aren't exactly small, and it leads to a very large overall footprint: 80 mm wide, and 162 mm tall.. I can't tell you what sized phone to buy, but the U Ultra is going to be too big for most people.. Far be it for me to tell you what sized phone you want, but the U Ultra is too big for my hands. I can manage a Pixel XL , or a OnePlus 3T, but the U Ultra is substantially larger than those phones — in fact, it's even bigger than the LG V20 and Huawei Mate 9 ... which I personally couldn't manage either. Looking at the U Ultra beside the LG G6, for example, and you just chuckle at how unwieldy it is. Yes some people will want the most screen possible no matter what it does to usability, but I prefer a bit more balance — and the U Ultra doesn't seem to attempt any sort of balance.. If you're that person who wants "more screen at all costs" you'll absolutely enjoy this display. The 5.7-inch QHD Super LCD 5 is clear, bright and accurate — I really can't find anything bad to say about it. This is a display befitting of a $749 phone, and it's covered in Gorilla Glass 5 for good measure. That same group will also likely enjoy the capacitive navigation keys below the display that don't take up any screen real estate — despite the majority of the market going toward on-screen keys.. Despite espousing that it is a top-level phone in every other way, most notably in its price, the U Ultra has two feature omissions that will rub people the wrong way. Just like the Pixel XL — which is nearly the same price and also made by HTC — the U Ultra isn't waterproof. Now HTC does offer its "UH OH" protection program (for free!) that covers one replacement of the phone, including water damage, but the average buyer would far prefer to just not have to worry about water damage at all. And unlike the Pixel XL, this is one of multiple stumbles rather than a single flaw with the phone.. No, I won't hear your arguments for removing the headphone jack.. The far more puzzling — and polarizing — exclusion on the U Ultra is the headphone jack. Just as we guessed when HTC rolled out the Bolt late last year, this looks to be the new direction for the company: skip the headphone jack in favor of USB-C audio, despite having very large phones that seem to have the room to accommodate the port. HTC's USonic headphones are comfortable, sound good and are designed to tune sound that's appropriate for your ears ... but I want to use different headphones sometimes. I want to plug into a speaker or a friend's car stereo now and then. And that's not possible with the U Ultra. I know this is A Thing™ now, but it really doesn't have to be and it goes against what most consumers want.. HTC includes those USB-C headphones I mentioned in the box, but charges you an extra $12 for a USB-C to 3.5 mm headphone adapter if you want to plug in something else. (C'mon, even Apple includes an adapter in the box.) Better yet, the headphones that come in the box don't work with other USB-C devices, so these really are headphones only for your U Ultra. No matter how good they are, that's annoying.. HTC U Ultra Software and performance. HTC's take on Android hasn't changed much in the past year in terms of design and interaction. It has a clean, dark look with splashes of white, grey and green — and compared to the bright and overly colorful options from some manufacturers I'm a fan of HTC's choices. It still paints over the whole interface with a heavy brush, but its changes aren't so far out of touch with the way modern apps and Google's guidelines look.. HTC's built-in apps for phone, messaging, email, clock, etc. all follow a consistent design as well, and thankfully it does a nice job of not doubling up with Google's own apps — for example, Google Photos is your only gallery app, and Google Calendar is your default calendar. HTC unfortunately still includes some of its most annoying "features" like the spammy, low-quality News Republic app that likes to push crummy "news" at you, and the quite useless Blinkfeed area of the launcher. Thankfully you can disable News Republic, and turn off Blinkfeed or replace the launcher altogether .. I didn't receive a single Sense Companion notification that was useful.. More in the head scratcher camp is HTC's oddly named "HTC Sense Companion" app, which was originally billed as a full-on artificial intelligence system but then dramatically scaled back for launch. What it basically comes down to now is providing you with recommendations for places to eat, bad traffic around you, changes in weather and suggestions for other ancillary content. The notifications arrive on your lock screen or second screen, and aren't actually useful in any way — after over a week with Sense Companion turned on, I didn't receive a single notification that was interesting to me. Beside its questionable usefulness, the thing making Sense Companion completely unnecessary is the fact that Google Now and Google Assistant are here. Google Now provides me with better recommendations and notifications throughout the day, and the U Ultra's excellent microphones and software performance make Google Assistant very useful.. Aside from the Sense Companion, which I don't think anyone will actually use for more than a week, the second screen provides a pretty basic set of features. Just as you'd expect, it almost perfectly mirrors what the LG V20 can do: show you a generally static read-out of weather, calendar, contacts, a music player, an app launcher or a reminder. I used the weather display most often, and while it's neat to see at a glance I don't see a reason to waste battery life or overall device size in order to have it.. It feels tacked-on and distracting, particularly with the odd implementations of certain panels like the music player only working for Google Play Music, and the contacts launcher only working for on-device contacts. Perhaps design time and component costs could have been better utilized elsewhere in the phone.. The U Ultra continues HTC's well-deserved reputation for having lightning-fast and responsive software, where everything you do on the phone happens now with no hesitation or slowdown. Scrolling is silky smooth and transitions are quick, not unlike the experience of using a Google Pixel XL. I didn't have a single crash, slowdown or stutter on the U Ultra in my review period — it's impressively fast, and I love seeing phones that perform like this.. It isn't just fast, it's top-notch impressively fast.. Performance of this level isn't just because of the Snapdragon 821 and 4GB of RAM inside, but having the latest internals (for the time) definitely help. You can just tell that HTC has done plenty of optimization in this hardware, and it bodes well for the future as well. Further to that point, 64GB of base internal storage — plus an SD card slot — means you aren't as likely to run into update jeopardy after you've used your phone for a year and loaded it up with apps and media.. One more "performance" note that doesn't really have anywhere else to live: the speakers. HTC is using the same "BoomSound lite" type of setup here with a small speaker at the top of the phone (it's just the earpiece speaker) and a bigger speaker that plays a majority of the sound at the bottom. And it sounds good — albeit not at the super high volumes you expect from BoomSound of yesteryear with two dedicated full-sized speakers. I'm fine with this compromise, especially if dual front-facing speakers would've made the U Ultra even taller .. Completely skipping the carrier channels and selling unlocked directly to consumers is an overall win for everyone, and one of the benefits is not having any sort of extra restrictions or carrier bloatware in the software. This should theoretically let HTC update the software on the U Ultra more often as well, though at the time of writing this in mid-March my U Ultra has Android 7.0 with the January 1 security patch.. Looking back at HTC's history of security and platform updates, things haven't been fantastic. Some phones have done really well with getting one big platform update quickly, only to quickly trail off and get dramatically slower support or no security patches. Let's hope HTC can do right by its loyal customers, who have stuck around for a long time, and keep updates rolling.. At least we know going forward that any shortcomings in software updates land squarely on HTC and not a carrier.. As I've already covered, the U Ultra is an unashamedly large phone — and despite being filled with lots of solid specs, it's small in one area: the battery. With just 3000 mAh inside, it's one of the smaller capacities out there in a top-end phone, coming in underneath the Pixel XL, LG G6, (expected) Galaxy S8 Plus, Mate 9 and ... in a huge phone you expect a bit more from.. Longevity is actually pretty good on the U Ultra — I was able to get through a full day without hitting the battery saver (which triggers at 15%) on most days. But spending a little extra time browsing apps and listening to streaming music for a while throughout the day, I was able to kill it off in about 15 hours. That's good, but not great — and for a phone this big, most people are expecting "all day no matter what" kind of battery life.. You do get Quick Charge 3.0 here, with a compatible charger in the box, and perhaps that's enough to ease many people's worries about having just 3000 mAh inside. But being able to get better battery life each and every day out of a smaller phone from a different company makes this a tough sell for HTC.. The glory days of HTC having industry-leading, captivating camera experiences are behind us. The HTC 10's camera was strong in 2016 but didn't challenge for the "best of the best" designation, and HTC has only slightly tweaked things for the U Ultra. A 12MP "UltraPixel 2" sensor, which has large 1.55-micron pixels, sits behind an f/1.8 lens with optical image stabilization and focuses with phase-detect and laser auto focus. That's everything you ask for in a smartphone camera in terms of hardware.. HTC's camera interface is slick and offers quick access to other modes — including a full manual "Pro" mode — but understandably focuses on the main point-and-shoot function. I appreciate the toggle to quickly switch between HDR modes and big buttons to shoot video and switch to the front camera.. Thanks to all of the solid specs listed above, right out of the box you'll be impressed by the general quality of the U Ultra's camera. Just like most smartphone cameras today (to say nothing of $749 flagships), the U Ultra's can put out 12MP shots that are in focus, crisp and consistent from shot to shot.. It's only once you shoot with the camera for a week or more that you start to notice the few quirks that tell you the U Ultra is going to perform along the line of previous HTC cameras. Just like its predecessors, the U Ultra fights you in two main areas: a general lack of dynamic range, and hit-or-miss low-light performance.. For daylight shots, the U Ultra does well — where it struggles is in its dynamic range not being high enough to properly capture all parts of a less-than-ideal scene without something being short of your expectations. Even with HDR turned on, the U Ultra's pictures will leave some portion of a mixed-light scene blown out or too dark. Turning on "touch autoexposure" in the settings is necessary so you can get proper metering for the actual subject of your photo, so at least that will be exposed properly and look good. Colors in general are just fine, but this low dynamic range leaves many photos coming out bland or improperly exposed to the point of being disappointing, particularly when you just point and shoot.. Fighting to be the best camera of March 2016.. At night, the U Ultra again is very capable thanks to its high resolution, OIS and large pixels, but some of the processing seems a bit off at times. The biggest issue I found is the U Ultra's willingness to go for really slow shutter speeds in dark scenes — as slow as 1/5 second — to try and brighten things. The issue with dropping to 1/5 second is it introduces lots of potential for hand shake and blur, which combined with over-processing of grainy areas leads to very soft and blotchy results. Even when the shutter speeds are a bit quicker, around 1/20 or so, the U Ultra hesitates when taking low-light shots, making it easier to introduce hand shake that requires re-taking a photo.. When I stabilized the U Ultra and took a few shots to pick the best from the bunch, it can take great low light photos — you can only start to quip at little issues when you zoom in and notice soft edges. But the shot-to-shot performance at night can vary considerably, and that's just a problem that high-end smartphones of the last year don't struggle with.. The U Ultra would have a very competitive top-end camera if it were launching at this time last year. Its daylight performance is good, and if you know how to use it you can overcome issues with its lower-than-most dynamic range. Even though the low light performance is tougher to manage, it can capture solid shots But when you combine those two main issues that are likely to be present in photos you'll take on a weekly basis, you get a camera that is very much befitting of a $500 phone rather than a top-tier flagship commanding a 50% higher price.. This camera doesn't go toe-to-toe with the LG G6 or Pixel XL — it's basically just a step above the the OnePlus 3T or Honor 8 , at double the price.. HTC U Ultra Bottom line. HTC made about 80% of a great flagship smartphone, but is choosing to sell it for 100% of a flagship price. Time after time, HTC continues to absolutely nail the basics: excellent design, perfect hardware execution, a top-notch display, great internals and fast software are all here. But then there are odd stumbles: no headphone jack, puzzlingly weak low-light camera performance, a small battery and distractingly tacked-on "artificial intelligence" software.. HTC made 80% of a great flagship smartphone, but is selling it for 100% of a flagship price.. Even some decisions, like skipping waterproofing and including its little second screen, wouldn't seem so bad if the rest of the phone was great. But add these small issues to an already-flawed phone and you wonder what the thought process was for the whole device — that once again is commanding a top-dollar price tag of $749 where the competition gets just about everything right.. To have sales figures that actually move the needle, HTC can't get by on its hardware design and software performance anymore, as great as both aspects may be. There's plenty here to get HTC fans to buy a U Ultra purely for its great design, strong performance and big display — but those sales will be overshadowed by the overwhelming majority of people who will go for the better overall phones on offer from big-name companies at the same price or less.. Andrew is the Executive Editor, U.S. He has been a mobile enthusiast since the Windows Mobile days, and covering all things Android-related with a unique perspective at AC since 2012. For suggestions and updates, you can reach him at andrew.martonik@androidcentral.com or on Twitter at @andrewmartonik .. Pixel 2 & Pixel 2 XL. Careers: Writer | Dev. 
Our new search experience requires JavaScript to be enabled. Please enable JavaScript on your browser , then try again .. All Categories Antiques Art Baby Books Business & Industrial Cameras & Photo Cell Phones & Accessories Clothing, Shoes & Accessories Coins & Paper Money Collectibles Computers/Tablets & Networking Consumer Electronics Crafts Dolls & Bears DVDs & Movies eBay Motors Entertainment Memorabilia Gift Cards & Coupons Health & Beauty Home & Garden Jewelry & Watches Music Musical Instruments & Gear Pet Supplies Pottery & Glass Real Estate Specialty Services Sporting Goods Sports Mem, Cards & Fan Shop Stamps Tickets & Experiences Toys & Hobbies Travel Video Games & Consoles Everything Else. Hi ( Sign in to bid or buy) Daily Deals Gift Cards Help & Contact Sell. Summary Recently Viewed Bids/Offers Watch List Purchase History Selling Saved Searches Saved Sellers Messages. Refine your search for htc u ultra. All Listings - Current page. results for htc u ultra. Save htc u ultra to get e-mail alerts and updates on your eBay Feed.. Unfollow htc u ultra to stop getting updates on your eBay Feed.. You'll receive email and Feed alerts when new items arrive. Afghanistan - AFG Albania - ALB Algeria - DZA American Samoa - ASM Andorra - AND Angola - AGO Anguilla - AIA Antigua and Barbuda - ATG Argentina - ARG Armenia - ARM Aruba - ABW Australia - AUS Austria - AUT Azerbaijan Republic - AZE Bahamas - BHS Bahrain - BHR Bangladesh - BGD Barbados - BRB Belarus - BLR Belgium - BEL Belize - BLZ Benin - BEN Bermuda - BMU Bhutan - BTN Bolivia - BOL Bosnia and Herzegovina - BIH Botswana - BWA Brazil - BRA British Virgin Islands - VGB Brunei Darussalam - BRN Bulgaria - BGR Burkina Faso - BFA Burma - MMR Burundi - BDI Cambodia - KHM Cameroon - CMR Canada - CAN Cape Verde Islands - CPV Cayman Islands - CYM Central African Republic - CAF Chad - TCD Chile - CHL China - CHN Colombia - COL Comoros - COM Congo, Democratic Republic of the - COD Congo, Republic of the - COG Cook Islands - COK Costa Rica - CRI Cote d Ivoire (Ivory Coast) - CIV Croatia, Republic of - HRV Cyprus - CYP Czech Republic - CZE Denmark - DNK Djibouti - DJI Dominica - DMA Dominican Republic - DOM Ecuador - ECU Egypt - EGY El Salvador - SLV Equatorial Guinea - GNQ Eritrea - ERI Estonia - EST Ethiopia - ETH Falkland Islands (Islas Malvinas) - FLK Fiji - FJI Finland - FIN France - FRA French Guiana - GUF French Polynesia - PYF Gabon Republic - GAB Gambia - GMB Georgia - GEO Germany - DEU Ghana - GHA Gibraltar - GIB Greece - GRC Greenland - GRL Grenada - GRD Guadeloupe - GLP Guam - GUM Guatemala - GTM Guernsey - GGY Guinea - GIN Guinea-Bissau - GNB Guyana - GUY Haiti - HTI Honduras - HND Hong Kong - HKG Hungary - HUN Iceland - ISL India - IND Indonesia - IDN Ireland - IRL Israel - ISR Italy - ITA Jamaica - JAM Japan - JPN Jersey - JEY Jordan - JOR Kazakhstan - KAZ Kenya - KEN Kiribati - KIR Korea, South - KOR Kuwait - KWT Kyrgyzstan - KGZ Laos - LAO Latvia - LVA Lebanon - LBN Liechtenstein - LIE Lithuania - LTU Luxembourg - LUX Macau - MAC Macedonia - MKD Madagascar - MDG Malawi - MWI Malaysia - MYS Maldives - MDV Mali - MLI Malta - MLT Marshall Islands - MHL Martinique - MTQ Mauritania - MRT Mauritius - MUS Mayotte - MYT Mexico - MEX Micronesia - FSM Moldova - MDA Monaco - MCO Mongolia - MNG Montenegro - MNE Montserrat - MSR Morocco - MAR Mozambique - MOZ Namibia - NAM Nauru - NRU Nepal - NPL Netherlands - NLD Netherlands Antilles - ANT New Caledonia - NCL New Zealand - NZL Nicaragua - NIC Niger - NER Nigeria - NGA Niue - NIU Norway - NOR Oman - OMN Pakistan - PAK Palau - PLW Panama - PAN Papua New Guinea - PNG Paraguay - PRY Peru - PER Philippines - PHL Poland - POL Portugal - PRT Puerto Rico - PRI Qatar - QAT Reunion - REU Romania - ROU Russian Federation - RUS Rwanda - RWA Saint Helena - SHN Saint Kitts-Nevis - KNA Saint Lucia - LCA Saint Pierre and Miquelon - SPM Saint Vincent and the Grenadines - VCT San Marino - SMR Saudi Arabia - SAU Senegal - SEN Serbia - SRB Seychelles - SYC Sierra Leone - SLE Singapore - SGP Slovakia - SVK Slovenia - SVN Solomon Islands - SLB Somalia - SOM South Africa - ZAF Spain - ESP Sri Lanka - LKA Suriname - SUR Swaziland - SWZ Sweden - SWE Switzerland - CHE Taiwan - TWN Tajikistan - TJK Tanzania - TZA Thailand - THA Togo - TGO Tonga - TON Trinidad and Tobago - TTO Tunisia - TUN Turkey - TUR Turkmenistan - TKM Turks and Caicos Islands - TCA Tuvalu - TUV Uganda - UGA Ukraine - UKR United Arab Emirates - ARE United Kingdom - UK United States - USA Uruguay - URU Uzbekistan - UZB Vanuatu - VUT Vatican City State - VAT Venezuela - VEN Vietnam - VNM Virgin Islands (U.S) - VIR Wallis and Futuna - WLF Western Sahara - ESH Western Samoa - WSM Yemen - YEM Zambia - ZMB Zimbabwe - ZWE. HTC U Ultra Dual Sim (FACTORY UNLOCKED) 5.7" QHD 64GB - Black White Blue Pink. HTC U Ultra 64GB Blue (Unlocked) Smartphone *Open Box, excellent*. 7 new & refurbished from $287.97. Brand New HTC U Ultra 64GB 4GB RAM Dual Sim Factory Unlocked - Black. 2 new & refurbished from $308.00. X-Level 360° Protective Ultra-thin Slim Matte TPU Back Cover Case For HTC Phones. Htc U11 Plus Case Cover Ultra Slim Premium Hard Pc Material Gravel Black 2017. HTC U Ultra Pink 64GB 5.7" 4GB RAM Android Factory Unlocked Phone By FedEx. HTC U ULTRA (64GB/4GB) 4G LTE Smartphone - Brand New Sealed - Free Express DHL. HTC U Ultra 64GB Blue (Unlocked) Smartphone *Like New/Open Box*. 7 new & refurbished from $287.97. HTC U Ultra Smartphone Blue 32GB *NEW*＋Warranty !. HTC U Ultra Smartphone Black 32GB *NEW*＋Warranty !. HTC U Ultra Dual Sim FACTORY UNLOCKED 5.7" QHD 4G 64G - Black White Blue Pink. BNIB HTC U ULTRA 64GB COSMETIC PINK SINGLE SIM FACTORY UNLOCKED 4G/LTE GSM. HTC U Ultra Smartphone Blue 64GB *NEW*＋Warranty !. Htc U11 Plus Case Cover Ultra Slim Hard Pc Shockproof Lightweight Smooth Black. HTC U Ultra Smartphone Black 64GB *NEW*＋Warranty !. BNIB HTC U ULTRA 64GB SAPPHIRE BLUE SINGLE SIM FACTORY UNLOCKED 4G/LTE GSM. New HTC U Ultra 64GB 12MP 4GB RAM Dual Sim Phone Unlocked+Gift. HTC U Ultra Smartphone Pink 64GB *NEW*＋Warranty !. New HTC U Ultra 64GB Factory Unlocked Dual Sim RAM 4GB 5.7'' - Pick a Color USA. BNIB HTC U ULTRA 64GB BRILLIANT BLACK SINGLE SIM FACTORY UNLOCKED 4G/LTE GSM. HTC U Ultra Dual Sim FACTORY UNLOCKED 5.7" QHD 4G 64G Silver. HTC U Ultra Dual Sim FACTORY UNLOCKED 5.7" QHD 4G 64G Pink. Aluminum Metal Gold Type-C USB Data/Charger Cable For HTC U Ultra, 10, Bolt. 4 x ultra clear Screen Protector for HTC U Ultra. HTC U Ultra Dual Sim FACTORY UNLOCKED 5.7" QHD 4G 64G Blue. HTC U Ultra Dual Sim FACTORY UNLOCKED 5.7" QHD 4G 64G Black. HTC U Ultra Dual Sim FACTORY UNLOCKED 5.7" QHD 4G 64G White. HTC U Ultra 5.7" QHD 64GB Single Sim Black GSM Factory Unlocked Smartphone NEW. HTC U Ultra Dual Sim (FACTORY UNLOCKED) 5.7" QHD 64GB - Black SMARTPHONE. HTC U Ultra 64GB 5.7" QHD Single Sim Blue GSM Factory Unlocked Smartphone NEW. HTC U Ultra 64GB 5.7" QHD Single Sim White GSM Factory Unlocked Smartphone NEW. HTC U Ultra 5.7'' Android 7.0 Quad Core 4 64GB Dual SIM 2.15GHz 16MP Smartphone. HTC U Ultra 64GB Dual Sim (FACTORY UNLOCKED) 5.7" QHD Black USA FAST SHIPPING. HTC U Ultra Blue 64GB 5.7" 4GB RAM Android Factory Unlocked Phone By FedEx. 7 new & refurbished from $287.97. HTC U Ultra Black 64GB 5.7" 4GB RAM Android Factory Unlocked Phone By FedEx. HTC U Ultra White 64GB 5.7" 4GB RAM Android Factory Unlocked Phone By FedEx. HTC U Ultra Dual Sim (FACTORY UNLOCKED) 5.7" QHD 64GB - pink SMARTPHONE. [2-PACK] Spectre Shield Screen Protector for HTC U Ultra (Military-Grad e). 6 x ultra anti-glare (matte) Screen Protector for HTC U Play. Brand New HTC U Ultra 64GB 4GB RAM Dual Sim Factory Unlocked - White. Brand New HTC U Ultra 64GB 4GB RAM Dual Sim Factory Unlocked - Pink. New HTC U Ultra 64GB 4GB Black Blue Dual SIM 4G LTE Factory Unlocked Smartphone. HTC U Ultra 64GB Blue (Unlocked) Smartphone *Open Box, Excellent*. 7 new & refurbished from $287.97. HTC U Ultra 64GB Blue (Unlocked) Smartphone *New/Open Box*. 7 new & refurbished from $287.97. HTC U Ultra 5.7inch Dual 4GB RAM 64GB ROM Black Unlocked Best. 2 new & refurbished from $308.00. HTC U Ultra 64GB Blue (Unlocked) Smartphone *New Phone/ Open Box*. 7 new & refurbished from $287.97. HTC U Ultra 64GB Blue (Unlocked) Smartphone *Open Box, New*. 7 new & refurbished from $287.97. Lenuo Unique Full Protection Slim Silky Hand Feel Hard PC Case Cover For HTC U11. For HTC U11/ U11 Plus X-Level Baby Skin Touch Soft Rubber Shockproof Case Cover. ✤ FREE GIFTS ✤ Worldwide Shipping ✤ Real USA Seller ✤. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. eBay determines this price through a machine learned model of the product's sale prices within the last 90 days.. eBay determines trending price through a machine learned model of the product’s sale prices within the last 90 days. "New" refers to a brand-new, unused, unopened, undamaged item, and "Used" refers to an item that has been used previously.. Top Rated Plus Sellers with highest buyer ratings Returns, money back Ships in a business day with tracking Learn More. Top Rated Plus Sellers with highest buyer ratings Returns, money back Ships in a business day with tracking Learn More. $ Enter minimum price to $ Enter maximum price. Please enter a minimum and/or maximum price before continuing.. Site Map Copyright © 1995-2018 eBay Inc. Accessibility , User Agreement , Privacy , Cookies and AdChoice Norton Secured - powered by Verisign. Amounts shown in italicized text are for items listed in currency other than U.S. dollars and are approximate conversions to U.S. dollars based upon Bloomberg's conversion rates. For more recent exchange rates, please use the Universal Currency Converter. Number of bids and bid amounts may be slightly out of date. See each listing for international shipping options and costs.. 
The Xperia XZ2 is Sony's fastest, strangest flagship phone yet. OnePlus 5T will only play HD Netflix if you send it in for service. Galaxy S9 US pre-orders focus on trade-in deals. HTC U Ultra review: Bad decisions in a beautiful body. Great design alone can't make this phone a winner.. I was almost giddy when I reviewed the HTC 10 last year. After years of casting about for the right approach, the company built a phone that seemed like a clear step in the right direction. Fast forward to January 2017: HTC revealed the $750 U Ultra , a glossy flagship that represented a totally new direction for the company. The phone packs a huge screen, a second display for quick controls and an AI-powered virtual assistant that promises to subtly help you out during the day. It's an ambitious device, certainly, but what's life without a few risks? Unfortunately, looks aside, HTC's newest phone feels poorly thought-out. At the risk of sounding too grim too early, the HTC U Ultra is beautiful, expensive and misguided.. Sense Companion is a good idea. Expensive for what you actually get. HTC’s new U Ultra smartphone oozes style, and for the most part it’s a very speedy, very well built flagship. That said, the company made some puzzling decisions here. This is a big phone with a big screen, but HTC fitted it with a relatively small 3,000mAh battery. The secondary screen above the main display falls short of being useful. The 12-megapixel camera can be quite good at times, but it’s easily outclassed by rival devices. The kicker is how much it costs: We’re being asked to pay $750 for a device that, in many ways, doesn’t feel completely thought through. It’s clear HTC paid close attention to the U Ultra’s fit and finish -- we just wish the rest of the phone were subject to the same level of scrutiny.. Normally, I loathe putting phones in cases – engineers and designers didn't slave away on these things just so you could hide them behind cheap plastic. But with the U Ultra, I didn't feel like I had a choice. After years of crafting metal-bodied smartphones, HTC wrapped the Ultra in glass, including Gorilla Glass 5 on the 5.7-inch screen and a curved pane of colorful "liquid surface" on the back. (There's another version of the U Ultra with sapphire crystal coating the screen, but it'll set you back close to $1,000 — no, thanks.). I don't have enough adjectives for how nice our blue review unit's finish looks. Stunning? Striking? Rapturous? (That last one was a little much, but you get the idea.) Just as impressive is how those two glass sides gently curve toward each other, eventually meeting the thin metal rim that runs around the phone without any harsh or protruding seams. The only thing that breaks up the U Ultra's sleek lines is a square hump where the 12-megapixel rear camera lives. For all of the financial trouble HTC has had lately, it still knows how to build an impeccably pretty machine. It's too bad that the U Ultra isn't water- or dust-resistant -- a phone this pricey should be a little more durable.. Gallery: HTC U Ultra review | 34 Photos. The downside, of course, is that glass breaks. It's a good thing, then, that a thin, clear plastic case is included in the box. HTC says the phone can handle drops from as high as a 3.2 feet without a problem, but anything higher than that could wreck that beautiful build.. The other downside becomes apparent when you spin the phone around. Let's see, there's a volume rocker on the right side with the power button below that, the SIM tray up top, the USB Type-C port on the bottom and ... HTC's repudiation of that classic port actually started with last year's Bolt/10 Evo , but the loss doesn't sting any less now that we're looking at a 2017 flagship. Since HTC already threw in a case, you'd think a freebie 3.5mm-to-Type-C adapter would be in order, but no -- you'll have to use the included USonic earbuds or find another pair of Type-C cans.. I wish the fingerprint sensor and the capacitive Back and Recent Apps keys were centered in the expanse of black under the phone's screen. That might sound like I'm nitpicking, but, as you'll see later, HTC's attention to detail wavers pretty frequently in this phone.. While this design is new for HTC, the stuff inside should be very familiar. We're working with a quad-core Snapdragon 821 chipset paired with 4GB of RAM, an Adreno 530 GPU, 64GB of internal storage and a microSD slot that takes cards as large as 256GB. While your hopes for an insanely fast Snapdragon 835 chip might be dashed, this well-worn spec combo is still plenty powerful. More concerning is the 3,000mAh battery tucked away inside. That's much, much smaller than I expected for a phone this big. Even the new LG G6 , which looks downright tiny next to the U Ultra, packs a more capacious cell.. The U Ultra's face is dominated by that 5.7-inch, Super LCD5 panel, and it's easily one of the phone's strongest assets. Sure, there are brighter screens out there -- LG's G6 and last year's Galaxy S7s come to mind -- but the U Ultra's panel nonetheless offers excellent viewing angles and decent colors. Thankfully, you can address that latter bit with a quick trip into the device's settings, where you'll find an option to tweak the screen's color temperature as needed. Most people won't ever bother doing this, but I found it crucial because the U Ultra's screen is a few degrees too cool for my liking.. And of course, there's that second screen sitting atop the main one. It's easy enough to read at a glance and, on paper, it packs many of the same tricks I enjoyed on the LG V20. The way those tricks have been implemented, however, feels kludgy at best and completely dumb at worst.. For starters, that secondary screen can display the next event in your calendar, but there's no way to specify which calendar you want it to use. That's bad news if you rely on separate calendars for personal and work events, as I do. The screen displays a weather forecast for the rest of the day, but despite being a US-spec device, it insists on showing 24-hour time instead of AMs and PMs. You can control music playback in Spotify or Google Play Music, but that's it; if, for example, you're listening to a Pandora station or a podcast in Pocket Casts, you're stuck using the in-app controls. And for some reason, you can only access a tray of settings controls (think: WiFi, Bluetooth, etc.) when the screen is off. I get that HTC thought it was easier to swipe down into the quick-settings panel, but why not make persistent controls an option? It's sad to see that HTC's attention to detail seemed to end with the U Ultra's hardware.. Then again, HTC always had other plans for this additional space. It's the little corner where HTC's AI-powered assistant, Sense Companion, lives, offering suggestions based on what it knows about you and your behavior.. At least the U Ultra does better at cranking out the tunes. The days of two front-mounted speakers on an HTC flagship are long behind us, but the compromise on display here works well anyway. There's one front speaker that doubles as the earpiece and another speaker mounted on the phone's bottom edge. Together, they're capable of pumping out loud audio, and with decent channel separation, to boot. There's a little software trickery at play here, too: When playing audio through the speakers, you can switch between "music" and "theater" modes. I suppose the latter is supposed to sound more spacious, and it works to some extent, but the music mode tends to flatten out whatever you're listening to so that it feels more present.. Similar software makes the included USonic earbuds more than just a cheapie pack-in. When you pop the buds into your ears for the first time, you're ushered through a quick customization process that automatically tunes audio specifically for your head. I'm no acoustician, but to my ears, the difference was immediate. The earbuds are also meant to change the way that same audio sounds based on your environment, so you'll continue to get great sound while you're, say, waiting for the train to show up. The thing is, it's a manual process that requires you to tap a notification every time you want to retune based on ambient sound. HTC fanboys might pine for the company's audio halcyon days, but the U Ultra definitely still has some game.. When HTC released the 10, it also updated its approach to the Sense interface. Long story short, the company streamlined the Sense interface, discontinued some apps where Google was clearly doing better work and added theming options so your phone doesn't have to look like mine. The U Ultra ships with Android 7.0 Nougat onboard, but HTC's approach to augmenting it hasn't changed much since last year. In general, that's fine by me: I'm a Sense fan (though it certainly isn't for everyone) and Nougat brings enough notable changes in its own right. The less HTC messes with it, the better.. That -- along with a lack of carrier pressure -- explains why there are so few extraneous apps on the U Ultra. HTC's Boost+ is a resource management app that made it very easy to free up storage space. My inner paranoiac had me frequently thumbing the controls to squeeze every last ounce of performance out of the phone, but I never actually noticed any speed gains. The app gets bonus points for letting me lock certain apps with a PIN or pattern to keep prying eyes out of my business. BlinkFeed is back too, for better or worse; a quick left-to-right swipe on the home screen reveals a grid of content to digest.. BlinkFeed pulls content from social networks like Facebook, Foursquare, Twitter and LinkedIn, among others, along with articles from NewsRepublic, if you're so inclined. I didn't have many issues with the sorts of stories the app automatically provided. Be warned, though: BlinkFeed likes to put sponsored posts right in your eye-line when you open it. Really? If you're going to have me look at ads by default, give me a discount on the phone or something. While the ads are easy to disable, making them opt-out rather than opt-in does nothing for the overall experience.. The stuff I've mentioned so far is classic HTC. There's a team somewhere within HTC that has spent months building an AI-powered virtual assistant that means to offer suggestions (like a reminder to bring a power bank on a day your calendar says is busy) on that underused second screen. As it turns out, "means to" are the operative words in that sentence; I've been testing the phone for nearly two weeks and Sense Companion hasn't done much of anything. I'm opted-in; I've allowed all permissions, and still nothing. Every once in awhile I'll get what looks like a Companion notification, but it's a false alarm; the phone is asking me to opt-in to suggestions that never come.. Annoying as it is for review purposes, HTC made this choice deliberately. The idea isn't to overload users with AI-fueled notifications; subtlety is key here, with prompts to bring an umbrella timed for rainy days you'll be out in the thick of it. Anything more pervasive than that might make you turn Sense Companion off altogether and, well, HTC can't have that. Even now, it's unclear whether what I'm experiencing is wrong or not, and that doesn't bode terribly well for the feature's short-term prospects. Sense Companion's true value will only be made apparent in time, and it will almost certainly get better eventually. Still, if this is what everyone who buys the phone will have to deal with, I can't imagine people would bother with Sense Companion for very long.. It's impossible to miss the U Ultra's main, 12-megapixel camera -- it's tucked away in that big, squarish lump around back. On paper, the camera seems promising enough: It has a f/1.8 aperture, large, 1.55-micron sensor pixels, optical image stabilization and hybrid phase-detection-and-laser autofocus, just like many other recent flagship smartphones. What the U Ultra lacks is consistency. In good lighting conditions, I found that this 12-megapixel sensor typically captures ample detail and accurate colors, but it occasionally struggles to accurately expose photos. Even then, they're never bad, per se -- just less impactful than what you'd get out of rivals like the Google Pixels. (Yes, I get that's not a completely fair comparison since the Pixels rely on more algorithms to make photos look good, but the difference is clear nevertheless.). Gallery: HTC U Ultra camera samples | 15 Photos. Performance and battery life HTC U Ultra Google Pixel XL Samsung Galaxy S7 Edge HTC 10 AndEBench Pro 18,789 16,164 13,030 16,673 Vellamo 3.0 5,398 5,800 4,152 4,876 3DMark IS Unlimited 30,320 29,360 26,666 26,747 GFXBench 3.0 1080p Manhattan Offscreen (fps) 44 48 47 48 CF-Bench 38,065 39,918 46,290 49,891 The competition Wrap-up. Given its track record, HTC knows just how hard it is to nail a smartphone camera. The HTC 10 seemed like a great step forward last year, earning the company a surprisingly high spot on DxOMark's mobile scale. At its best, the U Ultra produces clearer, more brightly rendered photos than the 10. Every other time, the U Ultra walks down the middle of the road. Put another way, this camera would've been a remarkably solid contender last year, but last year's performance doesn't do HTC much good now.. That's not to say that HTC doesn't understand anything about cameras. I often go back and forth, but HTC's camera interface is my current favorite: It lends itself well to instantaneous shooting and the Pro mode (which lets you capture RAW images) allows for fast, meticulous fiddling. The included Zoe mode -- yes, it's still kicking around -- shoots brief snippets of video along with a photo, just because. (For you iPhone people, think of it as a Live Photo broken down into its constituent parts.) And, vain as I am sometimes, I have frequently used and mostly enjoyed the U Ultra's 16-megapixel front-facing camera.. Rather than wait for Qualcomm's new top-tier Snapdragon 835 chipset to become widely available, HTC went with last year's 821. It's the classic choice between new and tried-and-true, and it's worth noting that other manufacturers made the same decision this year. Fortunately, the 821 is still an excellent platform and I never felt as though I was missing out. The combination of these four processor cores with an Adreno 530 GPU and 4GB of RAM should sound familiar, but more often than not, they made for fluid app use, gameplay and general navigation.. Ah, but there are those pesky words: "more often than not." For some reason, while the U Ultra didn't so much as hiccup while playing intense games, my week of testing has seen more random bouts of lag than I would've expected. They happened most frequently as I was jumping in and out of open apps or even just unlocking the phone. These slow spells occurred perhaps once or twice a day and passed quickly, but they were more frequent than I cared for considering devices like the Google Pixels use the same components and were almost perfectly speedy. Your mileage may vary, though, and it's worth reiterating that most of the time the U Ultra was snappy.. The U Ultra's high-end components can be taxing on a battery, especially when we're working with a modest 3,000mAh cell. I typically got between a day and a day and a half of moderate use on a single charge -- and by "moderate," I mean I pick up the phone and fiddle with it a few times an hour, rather than sitting around glued to it.. Since I'm the kind who charges his devices every night, that kind of battery life is more or less adequate for me. With that said, there's no denying that some of its fiercest competitors do a better job. With a Google Pixel XL, a physically smaller device with a bigger battery, I could get about two full days of use without having to overthink it. The Moto Z Force, another smaller device, could last for about three days if I played my cards right. (LG's V20 had a bigger battery, and it was removable, but it actually fared a little worse than the U Ultra in daily use.). The point is, I'm struggling to understand why HTC couldn't give us something better. There's also no denying that the U Ultra didn't fare well in the standard Engadget rundown test, where we loop an HD video at fixed brightness with WiFi turned on. On average, the U Ultra lasted for about 11 hours and 40 minutes before dying. That's far short of the Pixel XL's 14 hours, but still a half-hour better than the V20.. If you're in the market for a fancy new smartphone and you need it now, stop and look at a Pixel XL first. It has the same Snapdragon chipset but feels faster in use. And don't forget: HTC also built the thing for Google. Sure, it lacks the U Ultra's sheer style, but the promise of fast and frequent software updates should help ease the blow. Some people really like the idea of a second screen, and those folks need to see the LG V20. It has more pronounced audiophile tendencies and the controls on the auxiliary display just work better. And then, of course, there's the current crop of 2017 flagship phones. Despite its odd aspect ratio, LG's G6 is a return to slightly more conventional hardware, and so far I've been impressed with the not-quite-final version I've been playing with these last few weeks. (Our full review will come when after we've tested a finished model.) It uses the exact same Qualcomm chip as the U Ultra, but squeezes those components into a tiny, sturdy metal body that also houses a great 13-megapixel dual camera setup. The G6 also packs Google's Assistant, rather than something like Sense Companion, which has so far been a notable positive.. Meanwhile, the U Ultra's biggest competitor -- Samsung's heavily leaked Galaxy S8 -- is almost here. We know it will have a Snapdragon 831 chip, we know it has an AI assistant that could find a life beyond just phones, and we know it's pretty damn good-looking. We'll have to wait to confirm the rest of the juicy details at the launch event March 29th, but based on what we know so far, I'd be a little worried if I were HTC.. I can't stress this enough: The HTC U Ultra is not a bad device. It's beautiful, well-built and plays home to a lot of good ideas. I think HTC was right to build a big phone, and the way it wants to subtly integrate an AI assistant into that second screen is genuinely smart. It's just unfortunate that the good ideas here have been obscured by bad design decisions and what seems to be a terminal a lack of focus. Now, it's very, very possible we'll see another flagship phone from HTC before the year is over. For the company's sake, I hope it takes a hard look at what the U Ultra does and doesn't get right before it bothers to release its next big thing.. android , gear , htc , htcsense , htcu , htcuultra , mobile , review , secondscreen , sensecompanion , smartphone , uultra. Chris is Engadget's senior mobile editor and moonlights as a professional moment ruiner. His early years were spent taking apart Sega consoles and writing awful fan fiction. That passion for electronics and words would eventually lead him to covering startups of all stripes at TechCrunch. The first phone he ever swooned over was the Nokia 7610, because man, those curves.. Lenovo's Yoga 730 is a cheaper 2-in-1 with Alexa support. The company also announced the Flex 14 at Mobile World Congress.. The Xperia XZ2 is Sony's fastest, strangest flagship phone yet. And as usual, it has a tiny, equally powerful sibling.. Sony will sell its wireless 'open-ear' buds in the US. The Xperia Ear Duo lets you hear both the outside world and your music.. Tesla's electric trucks may be more cost-effective than expected. DHL thinks it could recoup the money in just a year and a half.. Canon's entry-level Rebel T7 DSLR targets social media users. It costs just $550 with an 18-55mm f/3.5-5.6 kit lens.. © 2018 Oath Tech Network Aol Tech. ear icon eye icon text file vr. 
more ... more .... more ... more .... MEMORY: 64 GB + MicroSD. View all photos (55). Click to read the full review. Extremely high pixel density screen (513 ppi). Lots of RAM (4 GB RAM). Large camera sensor pixel size (1.55 μm). It is big, it is shiny, and it is powerful. The HTC U Ultra is a high-end Android phone built to impress at first sight with its stylish design. The back and front are made of single glass sheets, and a metal frame holds the exterior together. Another key selling point is the built-in HTC Sense Companion - an AI assistant developed to provide tips, suggestions, and alerts proactively. That is paired with four high-quality always-on microphones, allowing the HTC U Ultra to respond to voice commands. To serve you better, the phone sports a secondary display above the main one - Companion messages are shown there without interrupting your workflow. One downside: there's no headphone jack on the Ultra. Instead, it employs USB-C earphones that can adapt to the user's ear structure using ultrasonic technology. For those demanding the very best, a limited edition HTC U Ultra will also offer sapphire glass protection and 128 GB of native storage.. HTC U Ultra Review HTC U Ultra manual HTC U Ultra benchmarks. Dimensions: 6.39 x 3.14 x 0.31 inches (162.41 x 79.79 x 7.99 mm). Weight: 6.00 oz (170 g) the average is 5.6 oz (159 g). Materials: Main body: Glass; Accents: Aluminum. Features: Fingerprint (touch), Touch sensitive control keys. Display Physical size: 5.7 inches. Resolution: 1440 x 2560 pixels. Features: Scratch-resistant glass (Corning Gorilla Glass 5), Ambient light sensor, Proximity sensor. Pixel density - The pixel density of a display represents the number of pixels over an area of one inch. It’s measured in “pixels per inch”, or ppi. The higher the number, the more detailed and good-looking the display is.. Technology - There are two main screen technologies currently used in phones and tablets: LCD and AMOLED. The former usually features a light source and liquid crystals, while the latter is based on organic light-emitting diodes. Newer LCD variations like IPS-LCD and Super-LCD allow for very accurate color reproduction and very wide viewing angles, where no significant image quality loss is observed. Current AMOLED screens differ in such a way that they can exhibit much more saturated colors (sometimes too much) and incredibly high contrast levels, which is due to black color being completely black in AMOLED displays.. Screen-to-body ratio - Shows what part of the frontal area of a phone its screen occupies.. Additional display - Shows specs of the phone's additional display. Resolution - Refers to the width and the length od the additional display. Hardware Features: Sapphire crystal lens cover, Optical image stabilization, Autofocus (Laser, Phase detection), Back-illuminated sensor (BSI). Software Features: RAW image capture, Touch to focus, Face detection, Self-timer, Digital zoom, Geo tagging. Settings: Exposure compensation, ISO control, White balance presets, Shutter speed control. Shooting Modes: Burst mode, High Dynamic Range mode (HDR), Panorama, Effects. 3840x2160 (4K) (30 fps), 1920x1080 (1080p HD), 1280x720 (720p HD) (120 fps). Features: Hyperlapse, Video calling, Video sharing. Features: Wide Angle, Autofocus, High Dynamic Range mode (HDR). Aperture size - The aperture of a camera is the opening through which light travels before it reaches the camera sensor. The smaller the number is, the bigger this opening is, allowing for more light to pass.. Camera sensor size - A bigger camera sensor is able to capture more light, and thus produce better photos.. Pixel size - The size of an individual pixel on a camera's sensor. System chip - Most modern handsets use an advanced chip that includes many of the device’s hardware modules like the processor, Wi-Fi, Bluetooth and sometimes even the wireless radio. This field shows what particular system chip (or System-on-a-Chip) is used in the phone.. Processor - The processor is the main computing component of a phone and is a major factor when it comes to the overall speed of the device. Some more powerful smartphones use dual-core and quad-core processors designed to deliver greater performance.. Graphics processor - The graphics processor is important for the smooth operation of the system and especially in games and other applications that may involve complex graphics and animations.. System memory - System memory, or RAM memory is the type of memory that the device uses to temporarily store data from the OS or currently-running apps. The more RAM available to the device, the better the performance will be when multiple or heavier programs are running.. Built-in storage - Bigger storage capacity allows you to keep more content saved onto your device, such as more applications, photos or video. Games and video content typically take up the biggest amount of storage space.. Storage expansion - Some handsets allow you to expand their storage capacity by using a memory expansion card – most often microSD. Expansion memory is mostly suitable for media storage, such as photo, video or music content.. Talk time (3G): 26.00 hours the average is 19 h (1147 min). Stand-by time (3G): 13.0 days (312 hours) the average is 25 days (590 h). Stand-by time (4G): 13.0 days (312 hours) the average is 23 days (549 h). Capacity - The bigger, the better! However, battery capacity is not the only factor that has an effect on battery life. Those include the chipset in use, the software running on the device, as well as the consumer's unique usage pattern.. Multimedia Screen mirroring: DLNA, Wireless screen share, SlimPort. Filter by: Album, Artist, Genre, Playlists. Features: Album art cover, Background playback. Cellular GSM: 850, 900, 1800, 1900 MHz. UMTS: 850, 900, 1700/2100, 1900, 2100 MHz. LTE (FDD): Bands 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 7, 8, 12, 17, 20, 28. LTE (TDD): Bands 38, 39, 40, 41. Data: LTE-A Cat 12 (600/100 Mbit/s), HSDPA+ (4G) 42.2 Mbit/s, HSUPA 5.76 Mbit/s. Multiple SIM cards: 2 slots, Shared with microSD. Other features: Voice dialing, Voice commands, Voice recording. 802.11 a, b, g, n, ac, dual-band. Features: Mass storage device, USB charging. Other: NFC, UMA (Wi-Fi Calling), Tethering, Computer sync, OTA sync. Positioning - This field shows the positioning systems supported by the device. The most common types are GPS and A-GPS.. GPS - This is one of the most widespread global positioning technologies, developed and maintained by the U.S. It uses satellites in order to detect your location. A-GPS - A-GPS stands for Assisted GPS and is the industry standard for positioning and navigation. “Assisted” means that it can use local wireless networks, in addition to satellites, for quicker and more precise localization.. Availability Officially announced: 12 Jan 2017. Shopping information MSRP price: $ 749. FCC approval - The Federal Communications Commission (FCC) is an independent United States government agency, directly responsible to Congress. The FCC was established by the Communications Act of 1934 and is charged with regulating interstate and international communications by radio, television, wire, satellite and cable. The FCC's jurisdiction covers the 50 states, the District of Columbia, and U.S. Every wireless phone device that is sold in the U.S. has to be tested and approved for sale by the FCC.. Date approved - Shows the date when the particular phone is approved by the Federal Communications Commission. FCC ID value - Shows the FCC Identifying value of the particular phone. FCC measured SAR - Working closely with federal health and safety agencies, such as the Food and Drug Administration (FDA), the FCC has adopted limits for safe exposure to radiofrequency (RF) energy. These limits are given in terms of a unit referred to as the Specific Absorption Rate (SAR), which is a measure of the amount of radio frequency energy absorbed by the body when using a mobile phone. The FCC requires cell phone manufacturers to ensure that their phones comply with these objective limits for safe exposure. Any cell phone at or below these SAR levels (that is, any phone legally sold in the U.S.) is a "safe" phone, as measured by these standards. The FCC limit for public exposure from cellular telephones is an SAR level of 1.6 watts per kilogram (1.6 W/kg).. To see the full specifications with in-depth details click here.. We list only the specs that are different than the main variant. Built-in storage - Bigger storage capacity allows you to keep more content saved onto your device, such as more applications, photos or video. Games and video content typically take up the biggest amount of storage space.. Despite our efforts to provide full and correct HTC U Ultra specifications, there is always a possibility of making a mistake. If you see any wrong or incomplete data, please LET US KNOW .. If you are interested in using our specs commercially, check out our Phone specs database licensing page.. $370 Buy. Deal: HTC U11 will cost just $549 next week, U Ultra and HTC Bolt also on sale. Android Oreo is coming to HTC U11, HTC U Ultra and HTC 10. Last chance to take advantage of HTC's Summer Sunset Sale. HTC U11 128 GB launches in the US this week, U Ultra will cost just $499. HTC's Fun in the Sun sale can save you up to $200 on the purchase of a new handset. HTC U11 vs HTC U Ultra: what are the differences?. The Samsung Galaxy S9 and S9+ have game-changing cameras with variable aperture and 960fps slow-mo video recording. The Big Barcelona Camera Comparison: iPhone X vs Pixel 2 XL vs Note 8. Samsung Galaxy S9 and S9+ rumor review: Specs, design, features, price and release date. Sony presents Xperia XZ2 and XZ2 Compact: new design and Snapdragon 845. Galaxy S9 Exynos edition gets benchmarked against rivals!. Galaxy S9 first camera comparison vs iPhone X, V30, S8. Samsung Galaxy S9 & S9+ hands-on. MWC 2018: top smartphones to expect. Best smartphone you can buy in 2018. Allo is a quality app, but Google isn't giving it a real chance. All content (phone reviews, news, specs, info), design and layouts are Copyright 2001-2018 phoneArena.com. Reproduction in whole or in part or in any form or medium without written permission is prohibited! Privacy. 
HTC U Ultra: Which HTC phone reigns supreme?. would nix affordable phones in favor of several high-end handsets, it wasn’t kidding. Case in point? The HTC U11, a new flagship. on the heels of this year’s U Ultra.. HTC U11 and U Ultra don’t share much in common. U11 omits the U Ultra’s secondary display, for one, and the new phone has a much more powerful. cut from the same cloth, or liquid glass, as the case may be. Both boast HTC’s UltraPixel camera tech and BoomSound speakers, ship with the same amount of memory (4GB), and come preloaded with with HTC’s AI-powered Sense Companion assistant.. Still, there’s enough of a difference between the HTC U11 and U Ultra to crown a winner. To put an end to the debate, we pitted the two phones against each other in a specifications battle to the finish.. 153.9 × 75.9 × 7.9 mm (6.05 × 2.99 × 0.31. 162.4 × 79.8 × 8.0 mm. (6.39 × 3.14 × 0.31 in). Front 16MP, Rear 12MP with OIS. Front 16MP, Rear 12MP with OIS. Edge Sensor, gyroscope, accelerometer, compass, proximity sensor, iris scanner. Barometer, gyroscope, accelerometer, compass, proximity sensor. AT&T , Verizon , Sprint , T-Mobile. The differences between the U11 and U Ultra start under the hood. Both phones share the same RAM (4GB, up to 6GB) and base storage (64GB, up to 128GB) in common. But the U11 packs Qualcomm’s Snapdragon 835, one of the newest in Qualcomm’s arsenal. The U Ultra, on the other hand, ships with Qualcomm’s aging Snapdragon 821 — the processor in the Google Pixel and OnePlus 3T .. On a surface level, the two processors aren’t all that different. They have the same number of cores — four faster, high-powered cores that kick in for intensive tasks and four power-efficient cores that handle background apps — and architecture. But the Snapdragon 835 — the processor that also powers Samsung’s Galaxy S8 — is built on a 10-nanometer process, which means it crams 30 percent more parts into the same physical space as the Snapdragon 821.. In most apps and real-world scenarios, the Snapdragon 835 appears to best the Snapdragon 821 handily. it achieving a score of 3,844 in 3D Mark’s Slingshot Extreme test compared to the Snapdragon 821’s 2,106, and other benchmarks show a performance advantage as high as 40 percent. The U11 is likely to crush day-to-day tasks like a champ, in other words.. To sum up, there’s no question when it comes to overall processing power. We’re expecting the U11 to breeze through apps, games, and other tasks. That’s not to say the U Ultra’s a slouch — the U11 just does things. At first glance, the U Ultra and U11 don’t look all that different from each other. That’s because they both sport HTC’s bright “liquid surface,” a glass back specially machined to shine and shimmer in the light.. The liquid metal surface isn’t the only design similarity between the two. There’s a lot of unused space near the U11 and U Ultra’s top and bottom, and sizable edges between the screen and edges. The U11 inherits the Ultra’s oval-shaped fingerprint sensor, physical power button, and volume rockers.. little in common with its months-old cousin. is almost flush with the rear cover as opposed to protruding on the U Ultra, and the dual-LED flash has been moved to the opposite side of the sensor — from the left to the right. The U11’s edges also curve more gradually than the U Ultra’s, and have fewer seams — especially near the U Ultra’s charging port. It evokes the iPhone — right down to the position of the plastic bits that cover the U Ultra’s antennae.. Both the U Ultra and U11 pack four microphones that record high-quality sound from a distance. Neither have a headphone jack; instead, the U Ultra and U11 ship with HTC’s proprietary USB-C USonic headphones, which pack two microphones — one that sits on the outside of your ear canal and one that sits on the inside — to generate a detailed profile of your ear’s anatomy.. But unlike the headphones that shipped with the U Ultra, the U11’s have built-in noise-cancelling. HTC says they work in tandem with the U11’s BoomSound app to drown out the ambient noise around you.. We’re still not convinced that eliminating the 3.5mm audio jack is a great design move. and noise-canceling headphones are enough to earn it the win here.. In our review of the U Ultra, its display — or displays, more accurately —. The 5.7-inch Quad HD Super LCD 5 screen was dimmer than Apple’s iPhone 6S, even at full brightness. Colors seemed relatively accurate, but not from any angle — tilting the HTC U Ultra a little to the side resulted in washed-out blues and reds.. We haven’t had a chance to put the U11’s screen to the test, but we’re not expecting miracles. The U11 packs a slightly smaller 5.5-inch LCD screen with the same Quad HD (2560 x 1440 pixels) resolution as the U Ultra. Assuming HTC hasn’t made any brightness-boosting or color-correcting software. tweaks, we wouldn’t be surprised if there wasn’t a difference.. The U11’s slightly smaller screen doesn’t appear to. offer a marked technological advantage over the U Ultra,. and we’re expecting it to perform about — if not exactly — the same.. The U Ultra and U11 share the same 3,000mAh battery capacity. And based on our experiences with the U Ultra, we have a pretty good idea of what to expect.. In our testing, we got about a day and a half out of the U Ultra. With brightness set to automatic and Wi-Fi, Bluetooth, and cellular data enabled, we slogged through an eight-hour workday’s worth of emails, social media updates, Slack messages, and app updates without about 40 percent power to spare.. HTC estimates the U11’s battery life at 24.5 hours on 3G/4G, and up to 14 days on standby. That’s on par with the U Ultra, which HTC’s pegs at 26 hours on 3G/4G and 13 days on 3G/4G. The Snapdragon 835’s power efficiency could give the a boost in real-world usage, of course. And there’s a chance that HTC’s. optimizations — and U11’s lack of secondary display — will make. But as of now, we’re not anticipating a drastic. The U11 and U Ultra both support Qualcomm’s Quick Charge 3.0 standard, which delivers roughly 1 hour of battery power for every 1 minute of. Given the negligible difference in battery life between the U11 and U Ultra, we’re calling a tie this round.. Everything you need to know about the HTC Breeze/HTC Desire 12. layoffs as smartphone and VR divisions merge. Camera, software, unique features, and price. Add Us To Your Social Channels. Digital Trends helps readers keep tabs on the fast-paced world of tech with all the latest news, fun product reviews, insightful editorials, and one-of-a-kind sneak peeks. 
Esto también se puede leer en español.. Gorgeous glass HTC U Ultra uses a second screen and AI to annoy you less (hands-on). And it wants to use AI to fix it for "U.". by January 12, 2017 12:31 AM PST. HTC U Ultra and Play shine on in glass. HTC U Ultra, U Play get into AI. Look at your calendar and predict if you can make it through the day on a full charge. If not, you'll see a prompt to recharge your phone and an offer to disable power-sucking apps you almost never use. Offer restaurant recommendations based on your patterns -- learning how you choose by price, category, distance and habit. Warn you of awful weather so you can adjust your commute or take a scarf. Turn off your habitual alarm on weekends and holidays so you aren't rudely woken up at 6 a.m. Unlock the phone with your voice, at up to a 2-meter range. But can it compete? Is the AI any good?. Hardware specs 5.7-inch screen (2,560x1,440-pixel resolution) 2-inch notifications screen (swipable) 12-megapixel UltraPixel camera with OIS 16-megapixel front-facing camera 2.15GHz quad-core Qualcomm Snapdragon 821 processor Android 7.0 software MicroSD card up to 2T USB-C port Fingerprint reader with NFC 64GB, 128GB options with 4GB RAM 128GB version comes with sapphire crystal screen HTC BoomSound Hi-Fi audio Dual-SIM optional Colors: Ice white, sapphire blue, cosmetic pink, brilliant black. The HTC U's shimmering glass body makes it one of prettiest phones I've seen in a long time (same goes for the HTC U Play ). But it's the AI inside that will set the two devices in HTC's new "U" line apart from all the rest.. The zillion notifications you get every day are abrupt, disruptive and chaotic, says HTC. So the Ultra and Play turn to artificial-intelligence programming that prioritizes the notifications it shows you. There's a second screen along the top where your newly vetted alerts appear, similar to the LG V20 .. But HTC's new phone won't do it alone -- this is where "U" come in. As you set up your phone for the first time, you'll need to decide which alerts you want to see on that second screen. HTC says the phone will also learn over time, adapting itself to your interests.. It's called HTC Sense Companion, and it can:. HTC says it won't ever let an alert take over your screen and make you stop what you're doing.. You can preorder the U Ultra starting January 12.. We need to break this down.. AI smarts : It's hard to say how beneficial this is in real life. We got about an hour to take photos and glance at the prefinal software, but there's really no way that you can set up and train the U Ultra's AI tool without logging in to the phone and using it as your own.. HTC U Ultra and Play shine on in glass. We do know that AI is going to be a trend in phones this year in one form or another -- the Huawei Honor Magic already uses something it also calls AI software, but again, we didn't have a chance to see how well it works on that phone, which is solely tuned for Chinese services.. Looks : HTC makes nice phones, and the U Ultra looks really awesome, even if it's reflective as hell. Glass is problematic because it's shatterprone, but most phones scuff or break when you drop them. You'd want a protective case for sure.. Specs : I don't get HTC. It had an opportunity to make the Ultra water-resistant, Google Daydream-ready and outfitted with a headphone jack and wireless charging -- and didn't. Instead, the Ultra lacks these bonuses that phones like the Samsung Galaxy S8 ( $597.42 at Amazon.com ) , iPhone 8 ( $799.99 at Best Buy ) and next Google phone will probably have (in some combination).. It's a great-looking device with an interesting concept, but the U Ultra's AI is going to have to be extremely useful to get HTC back on the map.. CNET earns fees when you click these offers.. Best Phones for 2018. See All. Samsung’s king of phones is excellent, but you'll pay a pretty penny for stylus privileges.. A radical redesign that's nearly all screen includes a new cutting-edge facial recognition.... LG just gave Samsung a run for the money.. But we're still waiting on the Siri-like AI.. The Pixel 2's superb camera makes it worth a look.. This week on CNET News. Homeland Security's tall order: A hacker-free election. 'Annihilation' director wove memory into a dream-like movie. Dogecoin: The joke cryptocurrency that was too real for its own good. Be respectful, keep it clean and stay on topic. We delete comments that violate our policy , which we encourage you to read. Discussion threads can be closed at any time at our discretion.. CNET may earn fees when you click through to a partner site.. 
Home Shop MWC News Reviews Features Opinions Videos The Gadgets 360 Show Cell Guru Prime Tech Smartphone Reviews Tech and Gadget Reviews How-To Videos Video Game Reviews and Features Top Lists by Gadgets 360 Unboxing and Hands-On Videos Podcasts Compare Mobiles Phone Finder DEALS. Mobiles Tablets Apps Gaming Cameras PC/Laptops AUDIO/VIDEO How To Telecom Science INDIA INTERNET SOCIAL MEDIA WEARABLES हिंदी. Acer Adcom Alcatel Apple Archos Asus BlackBerry Blu Celkon Coolpad Datawind Fly Gionee HTC Huawei iBall iBerry Idea InFocus Intex iVoomi Jivi Karbonn Lava LeEco Lenovo LG Lyf Maxx Mobile Meizu Micromax Microsoft Motorola MTS Nokia Obi Oppo Panasonic Philips Ringing Bells Samsung Sony Spice Swipe Videocon Vivo Wickedleak Xiaomi Xolo Yu Zen Ziox Zopo ZTE. Home Mobiles Phone Finder HTC U Ultra. SPECIFICATIONS USER REVIEWS NEWS. Share on Facebook Tweet Share Share Email Reddit. HTC U Ultra smartphone was launched in January 2017. The phone comes with a 5.70-inch touchscreen display with a resolution of 1440 pixels by 2560 pixels. HTC U Ultra price in India starts from Rs. The HTC U Ultra is powered by 2.15GHz quad-core Qualcomm Snapdragon 821 processor and it comes with 4GB of RAM. The phone packs 64GB of internal storage that can be expanded up to 2000GB via a microSD card. As far as the cameras are concerned, the HTC U Ultra packs a 12-Ultrapixel primary camera on the rear and a 16-megapixel front shooter for selfies. The HTC U Ultra runs Android 7.0 and is powered by a 3000mAh non removable battery. It measures 162.41 x 79.79 x 7.99 (height x width x thickness) and weigh 170.00 grams. The HTC U Ultra is a dual SIM (GSM and GSM) smartphone that accepts Nano-SIM and Nano-SIM. Connectivity options include Wi-Fi, GPS, Bluetooth, NFC, USB OTG, 3G and 4G (with support for Band 40 used by some LTE networks in India). Sensors on the phone include Compass Magnetometer, Proximity sensor, Accelerometer, Ambient light sensor and Gyroscope.. REVIEW KEY SPECS NEWS Price in india. Design Display Software Performance Battery Life Camera Value for Money. Good Unique, eye-catching look Good performance Excellent camera Bad Bulky and slippery Average battery life Missing Sense Companion feature Very expensive. Read detailed HTC U Ultra review. HTC U Ultra Price Slashed in India Thanks to Limited Period 'Dhanteras' Offer. HTC U11, HTC U Ultra, HTC 10 Confirmed to Get Android Oreo Update. HTC U Ultra, Desire 10 Pro Price Cut in India. More HTC mobiles HTC mobiles price in India. HTC U Ultra Price in India U Ultra (Indigo Blue, 64GB, 4GB RAM) Rs. 28,240 U Ultra (Brilliant Black, 64GB, 4GB RAM) Rs. 29,990 U Ultra (Sapphire Blue, 64GB, 4GB RAM) Rs. Release date January 2017 Form factor Touchscreen Dimensions (mm) 162.41 x 79.79 x 7.99 Weight (g) 170.00 Battery capacity (mAh) 3000 Removable battery No Colours Sapphire Blue, Brilliant Black. Screen size (inches) 5.70 Touchscreen Yes Resolution 1440x2560 pixels. Processor 2.15GHz quad-core Processor make Qualcomm Snapdragon 821 RAM 4GB Internal storage 64GB Expandable storage Yes Expandable storage type microSD Expandable storage up to (GB) 2000. Rear camera 12-Ultrapixel Rear Flash Yes Front camera 16-Ultrapixel Front Flash No. Operating System Android 7.0 Skin HTC Sense 7. Wi-Fi Yes Wi-Fi standards supported 802.11 a/b/g/n/ac GPS Yes Bluetooth Yes, v 4.20 NFC Yes Infrared No USB OTG Yes FM No Number of SIMs 2 SIM 1 SIM Type Nano-SIM GSM/CDMA GSM 3G Yes 4G/ LTE Yes Supports 4G in India (Band 40) Yes SIM 2 SIM Type Nano-SIM GSM/CDMA GSM 3G Yes 4G/ LTE Yes Supports 4G in India (Band 40) Yes. Compass/ Magnetometer Yes Proximity sensor Yes Accelerometer Yes Ambient light sensor Yes Gyroscope Yes Barometer No Temperature sensor No. Error or missing information? Please let us know. User ratings and reviews for HTC U Ultra. 5 Out of 5. 5 Star 2 4 Star 3 Star 2 Star 1 Star. Displaying review(s) 1- 1 of 1 Sort by: Most Helpful Most Recent. Htc u ultra it's a awesome. By minku rajput | 18 Feb 2017. Was this review helpful? Yes No. HTC U Ultra Price Slashed in India Thanks to Limited Period 'Dhanteras' Offer. HTC U11, HTC U Ultra, HTC 10 Confirmed to Get Android Oreo Update. HTC U Ultra, Desire 10 Pro Price Cut in India. HTC U Ultra Limited Edition With Sapphire Glass Display, 128GB Storage Launched. HTC U Ultra Now Available to Buy in India at Rs. HTC U Ultra, U Play Launched in India: Price, Release Date, Specifications, and More. HTC U Ultra India Launch Set for Today. HTC U Ultra India Launch Set for Tuesday. HTC U Ultra, HTC U Play Price Revealed. HTC U11 EYEs HTC U11 Life HTC U11+ HTC U11 HTC One X10 HTC U Play HTC Desire 650 HTC 10 evo HTC Bolt HTC Desire 10 Pro HTC Desire 10 Lifestyle HTC One A9s HTC One M9+ Prime Camera Edition HTC Desire 628 Dual SIM HTC One M9 Prime Camera Edition HTC Desire 830 HTC One S9 HTC 10 HTC 10 Lifestyle HTC Desire 825 HTC Desire 630 HTC Desire 530 HTC Desire 626 Dual SIM HTC One E9 HTC One X9 HTC One M9s HTC Desire 828 Dual SIM HTC Desire 728G Dual SIM HTC One M9e. Htc U Ultra LG V30 vs. LG V20 Htc U Play vs. Htc One E9s Dual Sim Htc U Ultra vs. Samsung Galaxy S7 Edge Htc U Play vs. Htc U Ultra Huawei Honor 9i vs. Huawei Honor 8 Pro vs. Htc U Ultra Htc U Ultra vs. Blackberry Dtek60 LG G6 vs. LG V20 Samsung Galaxy C5 Pro vs. Htc U Ultra Samsung Galaxy S8 vs. Nokia 7 Plus Is an Android One Phone With Dual Rear Cameras, Zeiss Optics Samsung Galaxy S9, Galaxy S9+ Pre-Orders Now Open in India Samsung Galaxy S9, Galaxy S9+ With Improved Cameras, AR Emoji Launched Nokia 8110 4G Is a 'Slider' Feature Phone With Google, Facebook Apps OnePlus 5, OnePlus 5T HD Content Streaming Issue Fixed, With a Catch Vodafone to Offer 4.5GB Data Per Day for 28 Days at Rs. 799: Report Nokia 7 Plus vs Nokia 7 Samsung Galaxy S9 a Worthy Upgrade? A Look at What's New Nokia 8 Sirocco With Dual Cameras, Stainless Steel Frame Launched at MWC Nokia 6 (2018) Android One Phone With Snapdragon 630 Launched at MWC 2018. Samsung phones price list Lyf phones price list Micromax phones price list Sony phones price list Htc phones price list Lenovo phones price list Intex phones price list Lava phones price list Apple phones price list Nokia phones price list Xolo phones price list Lg phones price list Vivo phones price list Oppo phones price list Gionee phones price list Motorola phones price list Blackberry phones price list Xiaomi phones price list. Sitemaps Archives Advertise About Us Feedback Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions Complaint Redressal Careers Contact Us RSS Ethics HTC U Ultra in Hindi. © Copyright Red Pixels Ventures Limited 2018. Subject Comments. 
How to Block a Number on Any Phone. How to Build Your Smart Home. How to Create an Anonymous Email Account. How to Save Money on Your Cell Phone Plan. How to Set Up Two-Factor Authentication. How to Set Up and Configure Your Wireless Router. Tips Every Amazon Addict Should Know. Hard Drives, Storage, Networking & Backup. Back Antivirus, Safety & Security. Back Browsers & Operating Systems. Best HR Software & Management Systems. Best Self-Service Business Intelligence (BI) Tools. Best Social Media Management & Analytics Tools. Back Cameras & Photo/Video Editing. Best Video Editing Software for Enthusiasts. Best Samsung Galaxy S8 and S8+ Cases. Best Samsung Galaxy Note 8 Cases. Best MacBook Air Cases and Sleeves. Back Smart Home & Wearables. Back Hard Drives, Storage, Networking & Backup. Back Keyboards, Mice, Monitors & Speakers. Back Shows, Events & Holiday. Back TVs & Streaming Media. Best Managed WordPress Web Hosting Services. Best Small Business Web Hosting Services. Hands On With the HTC U Ultra, U Play. Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. blog comments powered by Disqus. HTC's U phones promise an intelligent assistant that customizes notifications to your needs. PCMag reviews products independently , but we may earn affiliate commissions from buying links on this page. How much smarter can a smartphone get? The most potentially innovative thing about HTC's new U Play and U Ultra phones is in the software, a personal assistant that can "suggest you dress warm and leave for work earlier on a snowy day" or remind you to recharge your phone mid-day if you've been using it heavily.. "AI plus you will be invincible," HTC head of global marketing Darren Sng said. "We are just in the initial phase of AI.". Beyond the assistant software, HTC's new phones are remixes of features we've seen all over the place. Sprinkle Samsung's adaptive audio over HTC's own powerful BoomSound speakers; pop LG's secondary display on top of HTC's well-loved Sense UI. We got some time with the U Ultra and U Play in advance of the phones' launch tonight, and they look good. But will they be good enough?. The HTC U Ultra is "part of the flagship range" for the new year, according to Sng. HTC always uses attractive materials, and this year it's moved on from the M series' stainless steel to a sort of luminous, shimmery colored glass. It comes in black, pink and white, but the best color is dark blue, and it has a real automotive-paint shimmer.. The phone has a 5.7-inch, 2,560-by-1,440 screen with a 2-inch, 160x1040 "secondary display" tacked on at the top. The secondary display works a lot like the one on LG's V20 : it pops up notifications and favorite contacts, and apparently, with time, it learns which notifications and people you consider "important" and only bothers you with those.. "You have the big screen for all of your regular stuff that you do, and the little screen for only the most important stuff in your life, and that's powered by AI," Sng said.. The U Ultra runs Qualcomm's Snapdragon 821 processor, with 64GB or 128GB of storage and 4GB of RAM, plus a memory card slot. The U Ultra is Cat 11 LTE, which means download speeds up to 600Mbps, which is as fast as any phone today runs, although it falls short of the gigabit LTE T-Mobile and Sprint are promising.. The U Ultra has a 3000mAh battery, and HTC's AI assistant will tell you when to charge, Sng said.. We know whether you're going to make it to the end of the day ... most power-saving modes will prompt you at about 10-15 percent, at the time it's actually too late to do anything," he said.. HTC says the U Ultra will be available for pre-sale unlocked starting today, at $749. The Play will be available in "select global markets," but HTC didn't say which ones or when.. Frequency bands on the spec sheets give some clues, though. The Ultra is properly banded for AT&T and T-Mobile, but lacking the CDMA radio for Sprint and Verizon.. The HTC U Play, meanwhile (above), has a more mundane, 5.2-inch 1080p screen and no secondary display. The phones are unibody, but not waterproof. It runs a Mediatek Helio P10, 32GB or 64GB of storage and 3GB or 4GB of RAM. There's a memory card slot, but the U Play is not banded to work well in North America, missing several of our critical LTE bands. So it may not come out here.. HTC thinks it can square the circle by providing both megapixels and "ultrapixels," bigger pixels designed for low light. Both the U Ultra and the U Play have 16-megapixel front cameras with a lower-res, low-light mode available. The Ultra has a 12-megapixel main camera with large "ultrapixels" for low light performance; the Play has a more standard 16-megapixel camera.. Sng said "in 2017, you'll see us do something really different for the camera," but didn't give more details.. Personally, I'm more excited about HTC's adaptive audio, a feature that it introduced on the HTC Bolt which significantly advances an older Samsung feature I used to love. First of all, yes, there's no headphone jack on either of these phones; they'll come with USB-C headphones.. The "USonic" headphones scan your ears using "sonar-like reflection" to determine how your hearing is crappy, enhancing sound in those parts of the spectrum. I tried it, and it made a real difference—everything sounded richer. Of course, it only works with HTC's own earbuds for now.. Both phones have HTC's latest version of BoomSound, which makes for separated tweeter and woofer speakers on the front.. There's one big, buzzy feature lacking from the U series: VR. Because the phones don't use an OLED display, they aren't Google Daydream compatible, Sng said. HTC also said that video images of an "HTC Vive" branded phone were just concepts.. The HTC 10 was the best phone for music listeners last year, and the same could be true of the U Ultra, if it wasn't for the lack of a headphone jack. There just aren't high-end headphones designed for USB-C yet, so you'll have to use a dongle. I was very impressed by HTC's adaptive audio, though, and I hope the feature will be compatible with more sets of headphones in the future.. Otherwise, a lot of the U Ultra's uniqueness is riding on the AI features, and that makes me nervous. Can the phone really tell which notifications are important to me, in a trustworthy way? Will it be able to tell me what to wear when I leave the house in the morning? I didn't see any evidence of this on the demo devices.. As for the shimmery glass bodies, they're gorgeous. If you remember the LG G Flex series at all, they're a bit like those, but considerably more premium feeling as they're glass rather than plastic. That said, Samsung is also doing beautifully with the color-under-glass on its Galaxy S7 .. Here's HTC's problem: its flagship phones are never bad. HTC is stuck in a very difficult middle spot in the mobile phone market, where its phones are priced like Samsung and Apple but those companies' massive marketing budgets suck all of the air out of the room.. HTC to Create Virtual Reality Games With Vive Studios. HTC to Create Virtual Reality Games With Vive Studios. The U Ultra's high-res, 5.7-inch screen beats everything in Samsung's and Apple's lineups right now. But LG is stepping up with the G6 at Mobile World Congress in late February, and we're anticipating a potential 5.7-inch Samsung Galaxy S8 in late March or early April.. HTC needs to differentiate itself with its assistant software. So far, Siri, Google Assistant, and Cortana have been more voice search engines than anything else. They don't do much of a proactive job of pushing content you'd like to see before you ask for it, the way Honor's Magic phone intends to do in China.. Can HTC make a phone that really feels like it's for "U?" We're looking forward to fully reviewing these in the future.. Nintendo Switch Pre-Orders Start Friday in NYC. Nintendo Switch Pre-Orders Start Friday in NYC. Intel's Latest NUC Costs $232 Including Windows 10. Intel's Latest NUC Costs $232 Including Windows 10. PCMag.com's lead mobile analyst, Sascha Segan, has reviewed hundreds of smartphones, tablets and other gadgets in more than 13 years with PCMag. He's the head of our Fastest Mobile Networks project, hosts our One Cool Thing daily Web show, and writes opinions on tech and society.. Segan is also a multiple award-winning travel writer. Hands On With Lenovo's Flex 14 and Yoga 730. Hands On With Lenovo's New Chromebooks. Carriers Tout Galaxy S9 Prices, Speeds. Hands On With the LG V30S+ ThinQ. PCMag reviews products independently , but we may earn affiliate commissions from buying links on this page. Get Our Best Stories! Email Sign Up. Subscribe to What's New Now. This newsletter may contain advertising, deals, or affiliate links. Subscribing to a newsletter indicates your consent to our Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. You may unsubscribe from the newsletters at any time.. McAfee Brings Voice-Activated Security to Amazon Alexa. McAfee, Samsung Partner On Built-In Security, VPN for Galaxy S9. Hands On With Lenovo's New Chromebooks. Hands On With Lenovo's Flex 14 and Yoga 730. Carriers Tout Galaxy S9 Prices, Speeds. How to Master iOS 11's New Control Center. How to Play DVDs in Windows 10. How to Stop Blue Light From Disturbing Your Sleep. PC, PC Magazine and PC PCMag.com are among the federally registered trademarks of Ziff Davis, LLC and may not be used by third parties without explicit permission.. We have updated our PRIVACY POLICY and encourage you to read it by clicking here .. 
Recent Posts Wireless Sony Xperia Ear Duo headset starts at $280 with Dual Listening support ‘Extended’ Sony Xperia XZ2 and XZ2 Compact feature new designs, Snapdragon 845 power Lenovo 500e and 300e Chromebooks are now available with advanced Touch and Pen features Lenovo unveils Yoga 730 with Alexa and Cortana, Flex 14 with Active Pen included Huawei MateBook X Pro: The ‘Pro’ is for progress (Video) Recent Comments Anonymous on CES 2018 will not be graced by FCC chairman Ajit Pai Anonymous on Pixel 2 XL does not charge at full 18W allowed by adapter Anonymous on iPhone 8 and iPhone X cases made by Apple will allow for wireless charging Anonymous on Apple Store in China had just two customers in line for iPhone 8 Anonymous on Galaxy S8 will feature software navigation buttons and launch March 29 Archives February 2018 January 2018 December 2017 November 2017 October 2017 September 2017 August 2017 July 2017 June 2017 May 2017 April 2017 March 2017 February 2017 January 2017 December 2016 November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 June 2015 May 2015 April 2015 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 October 2014 September 2014 August 2014 July 2014 June 2014 May 2014 April 2014 March 2014 February 2014 January 2014 December 2013 November 2013 October 2013 September 2013 August 2013 July 2013 June 2013 May 2013 April 2013 March 2013 February 2013 January 2013 December 2012 November 2012 October 2012 September 2012 August 2012 July 2012 June 2012 May 2012 April 2012 March 2012 February 2012 January 2012 December 2011 November 2011 October 2011 September 2011 August 2011 July 2011 June 2011 May 2011 April 2011 March 2011 February 2011 January 2011 December 2010 November 2010 October 2010 September 2010 August 2010 July 2010 June 2010 May 2010 April 2010 March 2010 February 2010 January 2010 December 2009 November 2009 October 2009 September 2009 August 2009 July 2009 June 2009 May 2009 April 2009 March 2009 February 2009 January 2009 December 2008 November 2008 October 2008 September 2008 August 2008 July 2008 June 2008 May 2008 April 2008 March 2008 February 2008 January 2008 December 2007 November 2007 October 2007 September 2007 August 2007 July 2007 June 2007 May 2007 April 2007 March 2007 February 2007 January 2007 December 2006 November 2006 October 2006 September 2006 August 2006 July 2006 June 2006 May 2006 April 2006 March 2006 February 2006 January 2006 December 2005 November 2005 October 2005 September 2005 August 2005 July 2005 June 2005 May 2005 April 2005 March 2005 February 2005 January 2005 December 2004 November 2004 October 2004 September 2004 August 2004 July 2004 June 2004 May 2004 April 2004 March 2004 February 2004 January 2004 December 2003 November 2003 October 2003 September 2003 August 2003 July 2003 June 2003 May 2003 April 2003 March 2003 February 2003 January 2003 December 2002 November 2002 October 2002 September 2002 August 2002 July 2002 June 2002 May 2002 April 2002 March 2002 February 2002 January 2002 December 2001 November 2001 October 2001 September 2001 August 2001 July 2001 June 2001 May 2001 April 2001 March 2001 February 2001 January 2001 December 2000 November 2000 October 2000 August 2000 July 2000 June 2000 May 2000 Categories Accessories Android BlackBerry Interview iOS Other OS Phones Reviews Security & Privacy Tablets Uncategorized Wearables Windows Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org. Reviews Editorials Videos Podcast Deals Pocketnow en Español. Reviews Editorials Videos Podcast Deals Pocketnow en Español. HTC U Ultra Review: Good ideas, bad timing. Jaime Rivera April 5, 2017 7:00 am. This is one of those cases where you really want to love a product, but there are just too many things that are late about it.. Qualcomm MSM8996 Snapdragon 821 Quad-core (2x2.15 GHz Kryo & 2x1.6 GHz Kryo) Adreno 530 GPU. 5.7 inches (~69.7% screen-to-body ratio) Super LCD5 with 1440 x 2560 pixels (~513 ppi pixel density) - Secondary display, 160 x 1040 pixels, 2.05 inches. 64/128 GB and microSD up to 256 GB. Specs & Hardware Software Camera Performance Pricing &. As I sat at HTC’s presentation back in Las Vegas a few months ago, I was immediately drawn at the fact the company chose to call its latest flagship lineup the “U.” See, at least for me, that HTC You Campaign was probably one of the most genius approaches to marketing that I’ve seen in the last decade. The concept that a company “gets you,” and that it builds products focused on you. For a company that’s been struggling to regain popularity in the smartphone space, it only made sense for it to return to the roots that made it popular. The presentation alone was enough to have catch my full attention. We were shown a beautiful smartphone, with a promise of smarter software, all with the purpose of tailoring an experience focused on “You,” the user.. So how about if we factor in the things that we look for in smartphones. You can share your specific desires in the comments, and I’ll begin with mine. I’m looking for an elegant phone, that’s easy to handle, that’s reliable to use, and that provides a great camera and audio experience. For many of you this might be different, but given how much time I travel and commute every day, I value practicality more than anything else. If a company is out to build a product that’s focused on me, I’m sure it noticed these preferences, in addition to the many others that everyone has.. So cue in the HTC U Ultra. We unboxed it, we compared it, and after spending two weeks with it, it’s time for our final verdict. Does it really provide the “Ultra” experience focused on “U?” The answer is actually more complicated than I thought, so let’s discuss the pros and cons.. I guess the best analogy that I can think of when it comes to the HTC U Ultra, is to think of the Ford F150 that I owned years ago. I loved that car to death, at least visually. It was large, and in charge. It was powerful, and it was elegant. The HTC U Ultra is probably one of the most beautiful smartphones I’ve ever seen, and if you’re looking for the largest phablet with flagships specs in the market, the HTC U Ultra is your way to go. It also marks HTC’s departure from aluminum, with a new adoption to glass at the back, and trust me, there’s just no way to ignore how reflective this beautiful finish is from a distance.. Now following on with the analogy, not everything was great about my F150. It was a nightmare to park, and all I’ll say is that the 5.8 liter engine didn’t treat me that well. In that same vein, the HTC U Ultra is not a practical phone to handle. At 162.4 x 79.8 x 8 mm, this is literally a two-handed phone, even if your plan is to reach buttons at the bottom of the display. I don’t find the finish to be slippery, which is a plus, but all at the expense of this phone being an odd lint magnet near the camera hump, and fingerprint magnet everywhere else. I highly suggest you use the case bundled in, because falls won’t do this phone well.. This phone won’t do well in a bezel contest. It’s actually very inefficient at 69% screen to body ratio, but I’m at least happy HTC decided to only launch with black bezels, since that kind of goes away when you fire up the display. This 5.7-inch QUAD HD Super LCD 5 is hands down the one of the best LCD I’ve ever seen. Those fans of AMOLED will be happy to see inky blacks, and an insane punch in reds and blues. Match this with the boom sound Hi-Fi tweeter at the top and woofer at the bottom, and this is seriously an awesome phone for consuming content. I would even go as far as to claim this to be a great phone for gaming, given the added heft of its design.. Many were taken back by the choice in specs, but we can’t be hard on the fact that at the time the phone launched, there weren’t any better ones from an internal standpoint. We have a Snapdragon 821 processor, 4 gigs of RAM, and our unit has 64 gigs of expandable storage, all more than fit for any task in 2017.. The biggest problem is when you consider that such a large phone is missing 2017 flagship features. WE don’t have IP68 water and dust resistance, there is no wireless charging, and even with the size of this device, there’s not even a headphone jack. It’s also the smallest battery on the largest phablet in the market at 3000 mAh. Sure, Quick Charge 3.0 is here, but great that it is because the fact that this phone still runs Android 7.0 makes it barely last a day given the lack of 7.1 optimizations.. And since we’ve begun discussing software, there are some pros and cons to report here as well. HTC Sense continues to be one of my favorite Android Skins from a visuals perspective.. I love the elegant theming options, and how fluid the phone behaves in every task. HTC has managed to match stock Android elements with its famous skin just perfectly, and it continues to avoid duplicating efforts with Google, which I commend, though I notice I have two calculator apps for some odd reason.. If you notice that I haven’t yet mentioned the secondary display, well, it’s because I’m still trying to figure out its purpose. So remember the whole talk about a phone that is tailored to you?. Well HTC told us that its HTC Sense Companion service was designed to bring AI to its apps. The idea is that as the phone learns from your preferences, the secondary display will serve more than just shortcuts, as it would suggest things here as it learns what you do. As it turns out, well the Sense Companion barely arrived at my review unit a few days ago, and it still needs more time to learn from me. I also notice you don’t really need the secondary display to get its alerts. My biggest concern is that this seems to just be another form of suggesting things you can consume, and not really a product that removes chores from you. Like the sponsored ads I find on Blink Feed all the time, and that really irritate me, I’m actually disappointed over my scarce time with it.. HTC includes certain extras that I do praise, like the case of its U Sonic software to tailor music to your ambient noise, or its Boost+ service, which not only helps you optimize the phone’s performance, but also helps you lock apps with your fingerprint.. A major high point of this phone is HTC’s choice for cameras. It seems that the company has finally figured out how to deliver a great camera, because there is no other way to describe it. We have a 12 ultrapixel shooter with 1.55 microns on the sensor, OIS, and f1.8 aperture. I’m just in love with how this phone handles bokeh and macro shots, and the insane color saturation and detail.. I also love that it’s a solid performer in low light, and this whole approach to the selfie, where you can take advantage of 4 ultra pixels when you want or 16 megapixels when you don’t.. And if video is your thing, you’ll also fall in love with the stabilization, in addition to the 3D spacial audio.. I’ve spent at least two weeks with the HTC U Ultra. In pretty much every task I throw at it, it behaves like a flagship should. Great responsiveness in the user interface, great speed at launching games and playing them. Really, I can’t say anyone would ever complain about using this phone for absolutely any need at hand. I’ve also fallen in ove with HTC’s U Sonic software that tailors earphone audio to your surroundings with the push of a button, and in basics like call quality and data speeds, you won’t have anything to complain about.. Now since what I value most is practicality, I have to admit this is not my favorite phone. As I mentioned earlier, handling it is a pain, and other essentials like battery life are regular at best. There was a time when people would buy phablets because they lacked compromise, but this is the complete opposite of that.. Here’s where this review goes down the drain. So you have a beautiful phone that lacks essentials for any flagship in 2017, and yet the price tag is not attractive at all. The HTC U Ultra can be had unlocked for a whopping $750 in the US. Sure, you start at 64GB of storage, so this is on par with devices like the iPhone 7 Plus and the Samsung Galaxy S7 edge, but these two devices that launched in 2016 sport better features than the HTC U Ultra for the same amount of money.. Overall, we’ve tried to be as objective as we can with this review. On its own, the HTC U Ultra is a gorgeous device, with one of the best screens I’ve used, and an awesome camera combo... Sadly the problem is that it doesn’t live on its own. For a whopping $750, you don’t have water resistance, its design is larger than the newest competitors, and all the while dropping essentials like a headphone jack. There’s this whole argument of AI being essential to this phone, but as it stands, e haven’t been able to prove if this is actually useful or not.. For die hard HTC fans this will be the most beautiful HTC 10 you can buy, and I actually didn’t get the name of the device wrong. This is sadly an HTC 10 covered in another shell. It’s as beautiful as can be, but sadly too late to make headlines in 2017.. + Beautiful design + Great build quality + Outstanding camera performance + Amazing LCD display. - Largest phablet of its screen size - If it's so large, why not add a headphone jack? - Non-phablet sized battery - Software not optimized improved ergonomics - HTC Sense companion is still not ready. Overall, we've tried to be as objective as we can with this review. On its own, the HTC U Ultra is a gorgeous device, with one of the best screens I've used, and an awesome camera combo. This would've been amazing smartphone for 2016, but in 2017 the trend of design is more geared toward ergonomics, and the HTC U Ultra is just not an easy device to handle.. For die hard HTC fans this will be the most beautiful HTC 10 you can buy, and I actually didn't get the name of the device wrong. This is sadly an HTC 10 covered in another shell. It's as beautiful as can be, but sadly too late to make headlines in 2017.. Android , Phones , Reviews. Android , Google , HTC , Review , U Ultra. Android , Google , HTC , Review , U Ultra. Jaime has been a fan of technology since he got his first computer when he was 12, and has followed the evolution of mobile technology from the PDA to everything we see today. As our Multimedia Manger, he’s been in-charge of growing our YouTube hobby into one of the biggest video channels in the industry. When he’s not building one of our videos, or filming our Pocketnow Daily, he can be found in his second biggest passion, which is running and fitness. Check out our MWC 2018 coverage!. Wireless Sony Xperia Ear Duo headset starts at $280 with Dual Listening support. ‘Extended’ Sony Xperia XZ2 and XZ2 Compact feature new designs, Snapdragon 845 power. Lenovo 500e and 300e Chromebooks are now available with advanced Touch and Pen features. Lenovo unveils Yoga 730 with Alexa and Cortana, Flex 14 with Active Pen included. 56% off this sturdy, transparent iPhone X case. Shock-proof bluetooth speakers with battery life of 30 hours! — 33% off. Pay what you want for this Python learning bundle. Prolong long-term battery life of your smartphone with this Qi wireless charger. No breaks for Huawei or HTC | #PNWeekly 292. Death, lawsuits and the OnePlus X2 | #PNWeekly 291. 5G crisis, 10GB RAM, Huawei P20 potentials | #PNWeekly 290. Why do Sony Xperia phones still exist? “The next paradigm shift.”. Tim Cook: $999 is “value price” for iPhone X because of EIPs and “discounts”. Panay: Surface Pro 5? How about “meaningful change” with your “Surface Pro Next.... Huawei MateBook X Pro: The ‘Pro’ is for progress (Video). Huawei MediaPad M5 & M5 Pro Hands-On (Video). LG V30S+ ThinQ Hands-On: “Dat name, tho!” (Video). About Us Contact Us Tip Us Terms and Conditions Privacy Policy. All rights reserved, Hagshama Keebali Investments Two General Partnership. Pocketnow.com - Smartphone, Tablet, and Wearable reviews, videos, editorials, and news. 
This web site uses cookies to improve your experience. By viewing our content, you are accepting the use of cookies. To find out more and change your cookie settings, please. Newsletters All Writers Log In to ZDNET Join ZDNet About ZDNet Preferences Community Newsletters Log Out. HTC U Ultra review: This gorgeous device is just too big, shiny and expensive. | March 16, 2017 -- 11:37 GMT (19:37 GMT+08:00). Speakerphone, voice control, call timer, conference call, flight mode, voice dialing, vibrating alert. Ambient light sensor, proximity sensor, digital compass, magnetometer, gyro sensor, G-sensor. AirPlay wireless streaming, sharing media via DLNA, Wi-Fi Miracast, Noise Cancellation Technology, Flip to Mute function, Power Saving Mode, Wi-Fi Calling, Pocket mode, Hi-Res Audio, Motion Launch, Android Sensor Hub, HTC Connect, Extreme power saving mode, Hi-Res audio stereo recording, HTC Usonic, 4 mics 3D Audio recording, Quiet ring on pick up. Rear-facing camera, front-facing camera, audio player, voice recorder, navigation. Power adapter, HTC USonic Earphones, HTC U Ultra Clear Case, USB-C cable. Corning Gorilla Glass 5 (scratch resistant glass). WAV, AAC, MP3, FLAC, OGG, M4A, MID. microSDXC - up to 2 TB. Talk (3G/4G): up to 1560 min Standby (3G/4G): up to 312 hrs. Self timer up to 10 seconds,. Gorilla Glass 5 on the front and back. High quality design, fit, and finish. Four mics for high quality video recording. One of the largest modern flagships. Lacking a headphone jack or included audio adapter. Specifications Processor : Qualcomm Snapdragon 821 quad-core Display : 5.7 inch 2560x1440 pixels resolution Super LCD 5 with Gorilla Glass 5 and a small 160x1040 secondary display Operating system : Android 7.0 Nougat with HTC Sense RAM : 4GB Storage : 64GB internal with microSD expansion card slot Cameras : Rear 12 megapixel UltraPixel 2 with 1.55µm pixel, f/1.8 aperture camera with OIS. Front 16 megapixel with UltraPixel mode Battery : 3000 mAh with QuickCharge 3.0 charging technology Wireless connectivity : 802.11 a/b/g/n/ac WiFi, Bluetooth 4.2, NFC Sensors : Fingerprint, G-Sensor, Gyroscope, Compass, Ambient Light, Proximity Dimensions : 162.41 x 79.79 x 7.99 mm and 170 grams Hardware. Software Pricing and competition Daily usage experiences and conclusions. I posted my detailed first impressions of the HTC U Ultra last week and have visited the HTC website several times thinking I might order one for myself before returning this evaluation unit.. Samsung Galaxy S9: Pricing, pre-order and launch dates. The best and worst of the MWC. The best VPN services: Out 10 favorite vendors for protecting your privacy. Running Windows 10? Here's how Microsoft plans to milk more profits out of its cash cow. While the HTC U Ultra is a stunning looking device, especially in sapphire blue, there are other more compelling smartphones that offer more for less and I think I am going to pass this one by. HTC fans are likely to be very pleased with the U Ultra, but the competition is fierce once again this year too.. The HTC U Ultra uses the same high quality Snapdragon 821 processor found in the Google Pixel, LG G6, Moto Z, and others. While some may lament the lack of a Snapdragon 835, it appears only the Samsung Galaxy S8 will launch with that before the summer. The 821 is a proven processor and the U Ultra is a snappy performer.. I am disappointed with the 3,000 mAh battery though. The Huawei Mate 9 is a smaller device and has a 4,000 mAh battery while the much smaller 5.2 inch HTC 10 also has a 3,000 mAh battery. I would expect to see at least 3,500 mAh in a phone of this size.. The HTC U Ultra presents a radical departure from HTC's signature aluminum unibody design language. We now see a metal frame, but front and back panels of glass. Unlike most others though, HTC is using Gorilla Glass 5 on both the front and back so that should offer better resistance to breakage than other all glass phones. I am curious to check out the upcoming drop tests that we are likely to see on YouTube.. The glass front Super LCD 5 display is beautiful and looks fantastic. HTC has always used LCD screens and does well with this technology. There is also a small secondary display, just like what we saw on the LG V20. I liked it on the LG V20 and like using it here too.. The display is 5.7 inches, which is the same as the LG G6. The U Ultra is about 15 mm longer and 9 mm wider than the LG G6, which looks and feels massive in comparison. The Huawei Mate 9 has a 5.9 inch display and is 6 mm shorter and 1 mm narrower. The HTC U Ultra is just too big for what it provides.. The back glass panel is advertised as liquid surface and it honestly is stunning. It reflects like a mirror and I have never seen a phone with this much glossiness. However, that also means it is slick to hold onto and a terrible fingerprint magnet that looks like a greasy mess after using it for a couple of hours. I spent a lot of time buffing the back to show off the gorgeous blue. An included cheap clear shell case looks terrible and is not worth covering up the back to eliminate fingerprints.. The rear 12 megapixel camera also protrudes out from the back a bit so the phone will rest on the camera rim when set down on a table. The camera performs similar to the HTC 10, which means it does fine yet is not as stunning as the Google Pixel, LG G6, or iPhone 7 Plus. I was hoping we would see similar performance to the Google Pixel, but it seems Google gets to keep that crown for now.. HTC U Ultra first look: in pictures. 1 - 5 of 18. There is no headphone jack and while Apple calls this a courageous move, I'm still not a fan and appreciate that Huawei, LG, and Samsung continue to use this standard audio connector.. HTC provides a good set of USB Type C earbuds in the retail box and this connects to the bottom port with USonic adaptive audio technology. Sound is used to customize the audio experience to your particular ear, similar to how sonar works to scan the sea floor. Audio sounds great through these earbuds, but I would still like to see a 3.5mm headset jack. HTC blew me away with its powered amp on the HTC 10 and I want that same experience here.. Speaking of audio, HTC continues with HTC BoomSound and its dual speaker arrangement present on the HTC 10. One speaker is in the phone handset speaker above the display with the other speaker on the bottom. Watching videos or listening to tunes with these speakers is awesome and I expect every high end flagship to use a similar dual speaker arrangement.. There are four microphones on the HTC U Ultra and a toggle for 3D audio recording in the video app. While the LG V20 sets the bar for optimized video and audio recording, the HTC U Ultra also does a great job at accurately capturing audio content while recording videos.. The traditional front facing oblong fingerprint scanner and home button is found on the U Ultra. It's fast to unlock the phone and I appreciate this front-facing button when the phone is resting on a table.. The HTC U Ultra launches with Android 7.0 with HTC Sense. It looks very similar to what we saw in the HTC 10 with a very clean interface and super fast responsiveness. We can finally customize the upper quick controls in the notification shade and everything you would expect from Android Nougat is here.. There is a setting to manage the secondary small display, positioned to the right of the front facing camera. You can customize what is shown when the main display is on and when it is off. The events only show what is on your Google Calendar, but since I use Outlook I cannot see any events if I toggle on this option. Other options include contacts, music player, weather, six app shortcuts, and a personal reminder. You will also see notifications appear on this display, including incoming calls and texts, which proved to be one of the most useful aspects of this display for me. I like being able to quickly call or text my key contacts from this display and personally find it to improve productivity.. The HTC Sense Companion was advertised as HTCs enhanced AI for the U Ultra. It just appeared in the Google Play Store a couple of days ago and I installed it to check it out. So far, all I see is a display that tells me to hang in there while it gathers data. A couple of prompt screens have appeared to ask if I want to see some specific information, but it's not clear if a firmware update will be coming to fully enable this functionality. I understand it is built on top of Google Assistant and has a voice element, but so far all I am seeing is Google Assistant.. The HTC U Ultra is available now directly from HTC for $749. You can buy it in blue, white, and black. This 64GB storage with Gorilla Glass 5 is the only available model with a sapphire glass and 128GB storage model launching at a future date.. For comparison, we see the Google Pixel XL 128GB model priced at $869, the iPhone 7 Plus 128GB model also priced at $869, the LG G6 likely appearing in the $650 range , and the Huawei Mate 9 at just $599.. HTC doesn't have an overwhelming market share so I was hoping to see aggressive pricing on a device like the U Ultra. Something in the $599 range would be fantastic, but even then the device may be too big and the battery capacity too small for many people to justify.. The HTC U Ultra is probably the best looking phone I have ever experienced and the glossy blue back is stunning. The device is rock solid with cool metal edges and not a single creak or groan when I hold it in my hands and move it around. HTC knows how to make solid hardware and the U Ultra is one of its best.. Audio has been great on the U Ultra through the dual speakers and included USB Type C headset. I listen to music and podcasts during my commute and enjoy the experience.. The camera is fine, but doesn't impress me as much as the LG G6 and Google Pixel XL. I'm still not sure what a Zoe Camera shot is used for and am not pleased that HTC took away its Gallery app. Google Photos doesn't offer me enough so I enjoy when companies like LG and Huawei provide a full featured editing suite in gallery applications. IMHO, HTC went too far in removing its apps to align with Google.. I've had to charge the HTC U Ultra during the day to ensure I can make it through my full 18-19 hour day. If the HTC U Ultra was about the size of the LG G6, had water resistance, and a 3.5mm headset jack then I would likely pick one up for myself. As it is, there are just too many compromises at the $749 price for me to commit to one now.. Kick off your day with ZDNet's daily email newsletter. It's the freshest tech news and opinion, served hot. Fujitsu Lifebook E558 review: Configurable and well-connected. Honor 9 Lite review: Leader of the affordable Android pack. Apple iMac Pro (late 2017) review: An AIO for the Pro crowd. Apple HomePod review: Leaves a stain but not a strong impression. Please review our terms of service to complete your newsletter subscription. By registering you become a member of the CBS Interactive family of sites and you have read and agree to the Terms of Use , Privacy Policy and Video Services Policy. You agree to receive updates, alerts and promotions from CBS and that CBS may share information about you with our marketing partners so that they may contact you by email or otherwise about their products or services.. You will also receive a complimentary subscription to the ZDNet's Tech Update Today and ZDNet Announcement newsletters. You may unsubscribe from these newsletters at any time.. You have been successfully signed up. To sign up for more newsletters or to manage your account, visit the Newsletter Subscription Center .. Privacy Policy | Cookies | Ad Choice | Advertise | Terms of Use | Mobile User Agreement. Select Site CBS Cares CBS Films CBS Radio CBS.com CBSInteractive CBSNews.com CBSSports.com Chowhound CNET College Networks GameSpot Last.fm MaxPreps Metacritic.com Moneywatch mySimon Radio.com Search.com Shopper.com Showtime TechRepublic The Insider TV.com UrbanBaby.com ZDNet. Manage | Log Out. 
Lifestyle Science Technology Transport Search Subscribe. HTC 10 View gallery - 23 images. New Atlas compares the features and specs of the HTC. HTC has been as clear as mud on whether the new U Ultra is considered the company's true 2017 flagship, or whether it's an experimental offshoot ahead of an HTC 11 (or an otherwise-named successor to last year's high-ender). Either way, let's see how the Ultra stacks up next to the firm's unquestioned 2016 flagship, the HTC 10 .. The HTC U Ultra is considerably bigger, and the first high-end phablet we've seen from HTC since late 2013. (Remember the pocket-busting HTC One Max ?) Compared to the HTC 10, the Ultra measures 11-percent taller and wider, but also 11-percent thinner.. Considering the size difference, it's impressive that the U Ultra is only about 6-percent heavier than the HTC 10.. When imagining the U Ultra, it looks like HTC's designers sat down at their drafting tables with a picture of a Samsung Galaxy phone hanging on the wall. Not only does the Ultra share a glass back and aluminum frame with recent Galaxies, they also look strikingly similar from behind.. You have one more color option to choose from with the HTC 10.. The HTC U Ultra has a 20-percent bigger display (measured by area, which is more meaningful than diagonals).. Both have ultra-sharp QHD displays, which means the much-smaller screen on the 10 has the better PPI.. Both use IPS panels .. In a bizarre clone-job of LG's V series , HTC added a strip of second display to the upper-right of the main screen. Just like LG's, it gives you shortcuts and notifications that don't intrude on your primary real estate.. One of our favorite features in the HTC 10 was its 24-bit DAC to please the audiophiles. HTC also followed the trend of ditching the headphone jack. While we understand that there are points in history where you need to ditch a legacy port, what's the reason for this one? If losing the 3.5-mm port adds space, how is that space being utilized? What does that add to the user experience?. Or is it just "Apple is doing it, so we are too?". While it's launching a year later, the U Ultra only has a half-generation-newer processor. Qualcomm's Snapdragon 835 will be arriving soon, but the Ultra skips the latest mobile silicon.. RAM stays even, at 4 GB.. HTC is skipping a lower 32 GB tier for the Ultra, simplifying things with a lone 64 GB option.. Both let you pop in a microSD card to augment your internal storage.. HTC isn't messing around with the front shooter in the Ultra, providing high-resolution selfies.. Aperture, which often determines the quality of low-lit shots , stays put at ƒ/1.8.. On paper, neither phone is breaking any records with battery capacity. On the other hand, the HTC 10 had a fine score in our battery benchmark, so we'll withhold judgment on the Ultra until we run it through tests. (Many factors determine actual battery life.). Both phones have capacitive, home-button fingerprint sensors.. Unlike Samsung's and Apple's latest flagships, neither of these has any significant water resistance.. Both run Android Nougat , with HTC's Sense UI (one of the tamer of custom Android skins) layered on top.. The HTC U Ultra is up for pre-order now, but doesn't start shipping until mid-March.. The HTC 10 currently rings up for US$599, but if you're open to a lightly-used model, you can likely snag it for much less.. For more, you can check out New Atlas' initial coverage of the HTC U Ultra and our full review of the HTC 10 .. New Atlas compares the features and specs of the HTC. Over 280,000 people receive our email newsletter. See the stories that matter in your inbox every morning. Toyota launches a cute, cozy Proace camper van. CERN scientists get antimatter ready for its first road trip. In pictures: Innovation and idiosyncrasies at the 2018 North American Handmade Bicycle Show. Shipping containers turned into green-roofed weekend retreat. Huawei kicks off MWC 2018 with premium Windows laptops and Android tablets. Samsung gets its super-slow-mo on with the Galaxy S9 and Galaxy S9 Plus. Nokia reboot continues with five new phones at MWC 2018. MWC 2018: What to expect from the biggest phone show of the year. LG is preparing its own smartphone AI in time for Mobile World Congress. Review: Sennheiser AMBEO Smart Headset adds 3D binaural audio to iPhone videos. Integral launches 512 GB microSD card. Shell smartwatch transforms into a full-scale smartphone. Project Linda laptop uses the Razer Phone as its brain, and its trackpad. Samsung unveils the AI-ready chip powering its 2018 flagship phones. ASETNIOP puts touch typing on a tablet at your fingertips. What we want from smartphones in 2018. Google … the year’s best phones compared. Google Pixel 2 and 2 XL vs. Google Pixel 2 and 2 XL vs. Google Pixel 2 and 2 XL vs. iPhone X, 8 and 8 Plus. iPhone X, 8 and 8 Plus. Comparing the 8 current iPhones: iPhone X vs. 8, 8 Plus, 7, 7 Plus, 6s, 6s Plus and SE. In pictures: Innovation and idiosyncrasies at the 2018 North American Handmade Bicycle Show. Netflix, MoviePass and how technology is radically redefining the movie business. Gallery: Tiny homes in narrow spaces - a look at the skinny house revolution. Interview: The fastest woman on a motorcycle tells us why she hates going fast. Nireeka's sexy carbon-framed e-bikes would be impressive at twice the price. Helipads, hot tubs and high-def TVs: Furrion concept glampers get luxury overload. In Photos: Sports, tech and ingenuity intermingle at ISPO Munich 2018. 7 strange vehicles to get you from A to B. Gallery: To the ends of the Earth – the most remote hotels on the planet. Review: Hearing augmentation IQbuds turn background noise down and conversations up. In photos: Rapid aerodynamic evolution evident in MotoGP testing. Over 280,000 people receive our email newsletter. See the stories that matter in your inbox every morning. Copyright © Gizmag Pty Ltd 2018. 
HTC U Ultra - user opinions and reviews. Pages: 1 2 3 … 38 39 ». Should I buy HTC U ultra or huawei mate 10 lite. Anonymous, 23 Feb 2018 What about the rear camera, is it good??? Yes. I would say in the top 5 for 2017.. What about the rear camera, is it good???. saini, 21 Feb 2018 is it water proof No. Anth0ny, 17 Feb 2018 I beginning to think it's not going to get Oreo. It's being forgotten because of low sales n... more https://twitter.com/HTCMEA/status/96003064726282­6496 - According to this tweet, Oreo is very close to rollout. screename, 17 Feb 2018 does any1 knws whn Oreo update will b release for this device??!! strange cs HTC 10 got it lon... more I beginning to think it's not going to get Oreo. It's being forgotten because of low sales numbers.. does any1 knws whn Oreo update will b release for this device??!! strange cs HTC 10 got it long before this U Ultra. 2 days ago i baught this mobile. camera and gaming preformed well.but battery life not enoughfor hard user.. yes, it is different from region to region. for one the US version does not support dual sim at all, even though the tray is the same. the supported LTE radio frequencies are different from region to region. the supported languages are different from Region to region. and that is just the things i know about. What is the difference beetwen the single and dual sim model variant?. Asela, 07 Feb 2018 I have just one question. Does this phone show message "call is waiting" when you try to call ... more yes is there is a option go to dailer call setting choose sim card and you can see additional setting then you can see call waiting option. Is there some variations and different models of this phone (different processor eg) or is every model the same. Eg european model vs asia model?. Right now in my country Malaysia, this phone just cost around $280.. Anonymous, 08 Feb 2018 HTC u ultra still stuck on oct 2017 security patch ..NO further updates ..htc are you serious ... more Probably next the security update will be bundled with Android 8.0 update.. HTC u ultra still stuck on oct 2017 security patch ..NO further updates ..htc are you serious ?or seriously amenisia ?. Does this phone show message "call is waiting" when you try to call someone & they're on another call..?? I find this feature missing in many (or all..??) HTC models. (I'm currently using a HTC desire 820 & my wife used a desire 828. Khan, 04 Feb 2018 Im using 6. Htc u ultra is smallers than mine in size which wil... more If you like bezels then keep living in the past instead of in the future. Just remember everything changes and moves forward.. Khan, 04 Feb 2018 Im using 6. Htc u ultra is smallers than mine in size which wil... more I have been using for 2 months htc u ultra it really a good mobile. No hang , no heat problem. First I read opinion of gsmarena then I brought this mobile in ksa. VerVistas, 12 Dec 2017 I can buy this thing for 280 euros now. Is the battery really enough at least for one day? Im ... Htc u ultra is smallers than mine in size which will be still easier to use.. Im thinking to buy one htc u ultra features are great only coz of size people bothering much. All previous years there were no bazzel less fone... Pages: 1 2 3 … 38 39 ». Total of 766 user reviews and opinions for HTC U Ultra .. Samsung Apple Nokia Sony LG HTC Motorola Huawei Microsoft Lenovo Xiaomi Google Acer Asus Oppo OnePlus Meizu BlackBerry Alcatel ZTE Toshiba Vodafone Energizer XOLO Lava Micromax BLU Gionee vivo LeEco Panasonic HP YU verykool Maxwest Plum. HTC U11 HTC U Play Huawei Mate 10 Lite HTC 10 HTC U11+ LG G6. HTC U11 Eyes HTC One (M8) HTC 10 HTC U11+ HTC Desire 10 Pro HTC U11. 
How to Block a Number on Any Phone. How to Build Your Smart Home. How to Create an Anonymous Email Account. How to Save Money on Your Cell Phone Plan. How to Set Up Two-Factor Authentication. How to Set Up and Configure Your Wireless Router. Tips Every Amazon Addict Should Know. Hard Drives, Storage, Networking & Backup. Back Antivirus, Safety & Security. Back Browsers & Operating Systems. Best HR Software & Management Systems. Best Self-Service Business Intelligence (BI) Tools. Best Social Media Management & Analytics Tools. Back Cameras & Photo/Video Editing. Best Video Editing Software for Enthusiasts. Best Samsung Galaxy S8 and S8+ Cases. Best Samsung Galaxy Note 8 Cases. Best MacBook Air Cases and Sleeves. Back Smart Home & Wearables. Back Hard Drives, Storage, Networking & Backup. Back Keyboards, Mice, Monitors & Speakers. Back Shows, Events & Holiday. Back TVs & Streaming Media. Best Managed WordPress Web Hosting Services. Best Small Business Web Hosting Services. The HTC U Ultra is an eye-catching unlocked phablet with powerful hardware and some unique features, but it's expensive and feels a bit half-baked. Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. blog comments powered by Disqus. PCMag reviews products independently , but we may earn affiliate commissions from buying links on this page.. View All 11 Photos in Gallery. Sharp display with useful notification panel. Included USB-C earphones for personalized audio profile. Reflective body is prone to fingerprints. The HTC U Ultra is an eye-catching unlocked phablet with powerful hardware and some unique features, but it's expensive and feels a bit half-baked.. The HTC U Ultra isn't just a pretty face. It's a powerful handheld device, packing a Snapdragon 821 processor, a 5.7-inch Quad HD display, and plenty of RAM. It also has an extra strip above the main screen for notifications and other messages, as well as USonic USB-C earphones and four built-in mics for better audio. But it's expensive at $749.99, and doesn't feel quite ready for primetime—its camera performance is mediocre and some promised software features aren't ready yet. If you love HTC and want a good-looking phablet, the Google Pixel XL is a better choice.. I have a love-hate relationship with shiny phones. They look great right out of the box...but as soon as you get your greasy fingers on them, things start to look much less attractive. The ultra-shiny U Ultra isn't an exception to the rule, though it still manages to look quite striking, even when it's covered in fingerprints. A lot of it has to do with the color. I reviewed the Sapphire Blue model (it's also available in black and white), which is a welcome change from the less colorful slabs flooding the market. Its reflective, almost mirror-like "liquid" glass back feels slick to the touch, but not slippery, and the phone didn't pick up any scratches despite sharing a pocket with keys and loose change.. My colleague Sascha Segan describes the U Ultra as a "dinner plate," but I don't find it to be particularly unwieldy compared with other phablets I've used. The phone measures 6.4 by 3.1 by 0.3 inches (HWD) and weighs 6.0 ounces, making it lighter than the similarly sized LG V20 (6.3 by 3.1 by 0.3 inches, 6.6 ounces). Y ou certainly can't use it comfortably with just one hand, but I find it easier to grip than the V20 thanks to its softer edges.. The sides of the phone are made of aluminum. The right edge features a volume rocker and a ridged power button. The bottom has a USB-C port next to a fairly loud, tinny mono speaker. The top has a SIM/microSD card slot that had no trouble working with a 256GB card and according to HTC it will handle cards up to 2TB in size, once they exist.. What you won't find anywhere is 3.5mm audio jack. Instead, audio is output through the USB-C port. Unlike Apple, LeEco, and Motorola, which have all made phones without a 3.5mm jack, HTC doesn't include an adapter so that you can still use your existing headphones (and the phone doesn't work with third-party adapters). In order to listen to music, you have to use the included USonic USB-C earphones, or attach a pair of Bluetooth headphones. HTC plans to release an adapter, but it isn't ready yet.. View All 11 Photos in Gallery. The front of the U Ultra is dominated by a 5.7-inch, 2,560-by-1,440 Quad HD Super LCD5. The display squeezes 513 pixels into every inch, delivering similar crispness as the LG V20 (513ppi) and the Google Pixel XL (534ppi). The main difference among the three displays is in color reproduction. The Pixel XL benefits from the inky blacks of its AMOLED panel, which only light up pixels when needed. That said, the U Ultra's display has great viewing angles and is perfectly visible in direct sunlight. It also lets you change color temperature, has a Glove mode for increased touch sensitivity, and a Night mode which shifts the temperature to a warmer hue, which won't keep you awake in the same way as the cooler, bluish daylight tone that it shows in standard mode.. Below the display you'll find a home button with an embedded fingerprint sensor. Next to it are two backlit capacitive navigation buttons.. Right above the main display is a "second screen" that shows the time, date, notifications, shortcuts, music controls, and reminders. It's a 2.05-inch, 160-by-1,040 sliver that automatically turns on when you lift up the phone. It's a decent way to get quick updates that doesn't use as much battery as lighting up the full display, but it isn't quite as useful as the secondary display on the LG V20. You can't set your own signature, for instance, and the screen doesn't adapt to accommodate the app you're running (if you have the camera app open, for instance, the controls don't move into the secondary screen; it simply exists as dead space).. The U Ultra is an unlocked GSM phone that supports LTE bands 1/3/4/5/7/8/12/17/20/28/38/39/40/41 for optimal performance on AT&T and T-Mobile. We tested the phone on T-Mobile in a highly congested part of midtown Manhattan and saw a strong top download speed of 20.32Mbps. Other connectivity protocols include Wi-Fi on the 2.4GHz and 5GHz bands, Bluetooth 4.2, and NFC for Android Pay.. Transmissions benefit from four omnidirectional mics that pick up sound with excellent clarity and volume. Traffic was easily taken care of by noise cancellation, though some wind noise broke through. Earpiece volume goes high enough to hear in loud environments.. See How We Test Cell Phones. When you connect the included earphones, you can access the HTC USonic option under Settings. There you can create a custom audio profile that enhances certain sounds to match your hearing. The earphones themselves are comfortable and audio quality is solid. Music comes across with more depth and bass resonance than your typical pair of bundled earbuds. That said, it's still frustrating that there's currently no way to connect your favorite 3.5mm headphones.. Under the hood the U Ultra is powered by a Qualcomm Snapdragon 821 processor clocked at 2.15GHz. It's the most powerful chipset currently on the market, but with Snapdragon 835-powered phones like the Sony Xperia XZ Premium around the corner, it's not going to stay on top for long. That said, it scored an impressive 135,933 in the AnTuTu benchmark, which measures overall system performance. That's a great score, if not quite as high as the Google Pixel XL (140,121) and LG V20 (146,742), possibly due to a heavier software load here.. The phone also has 4GB of RAM, which lets it run a number of apps in the background without any hint of slowdown. It can also run two apps simultaneously with Dual Display mode, and has no trouble playing games like GTA: San Andreas. That said, I did notice some instances of control latency and flickering textures, which I wouldn't expect from a phone with this type of hardware. Again, it may have to do with software, which I'll discuss in a bit.. The Ultra clocked 4 hours, 55 minutes in our rundown test, in which we stream full-screen video over LTE at maximum brightness. That's a little longer than the V20 (4 hours, 38 minutes), but nearly two hours short of the Pixel XL (6 hours, 43 minutes). Thankfully, there are plenty of built-in battery saving modes you can switch on, and when using the included Qualcomm Quick Charge 3.0 adapter, you can charge the phone's 3,000mAh cell to to full in a little over an hour.. On paper, the HTC U Ultra has a camera that should excel. It boasts a 12-megapixel rear sensor with 1.55-micron pixels and all the bells and whistles you'd expect from a premium device, including optical image stabilization (OIS), phase detection autofocus, and laser autofocus. In terms of hardware, there's no reason for pictures to be anything less than stellar. Unfortunately, that wasn't the case in testing, as you can see in the images below.. In a shootout with the Google Pixel XL with both phones set to Auto HDR mode, the Pixel XL is the clear winner. The U Ultra's shots looks hazy, almost like the lens was smudged (it wasn't). Fine details are lost and images look soft. Colors are dull and everything has a slight pink tone like a filter has been applied. This issue cropped up in all the test shots we took, both indoors and out, suggesting a problem with the phone's image signal processor.. The issue was most noticeable in shots taken in our test studio (below), which is lit by daylight balanced LED monolights. In a setting with controlled lighting and a white background, the strong pink tint really comes to surface. Since the camera has a manual conrol mode, I was able to change the white balance to diminish the effect, but I couldn't erase it completely. The U Ultra's low-light shots also have significantly more noise than the Pixel XL's.. The phone is capable of recording 4K video at 30fps which is mostly crisp and stable. Compared with the Pixel XL, however, the U Ultra's footage is a bit more jittery, despite the presence of OIS.. One place the U Ultra surpasses the Pixel XL is in audio, with its four omnidirectional mics picking up better quality sound, especially when it comes to voices. And the phone's 16-megapixel front-facing camera takes solid snaps that don't seem to suffer from the same tinting issues as the rear sensor.. The HTC U Ultra comes running Android 7.0 Nougat. It's not quite Android 7.1, which you get on the Pixel XL, but given HTC's track record, the phone has a decent chance of getting updates. HTC's Sense runs on top of Android, and is relatively light compared with, say, Samsung's TouchWiz. The main change you'll find from stock Android is that when swiping to the left from the home screen, you bring up Blinkfeed, a screen that gives you access to news, weather, sports updates, TV shows, and other curated content.. HTC's Sense Companion feature is also worth noting. It's an AI assistant that hooks into Google Assistant rather than supplanting it. Whereas Google Assistant is largely reactive, responding to your queries, Sense Companion will be more proactive, reminding you to wear a coat when the weather it's cold outside or suggesting what to pack for a trip. I say "will be" because it's not available yet. It should come out later in the year as an update.. From HTC you have the Boost+ app, which contains a cache cleaner and memory manager, TouchPal for keyboard themes, Viveport , a subscription VR app store, and a video editor. The only extra apps are News Republic, Facebook, Instagram, and Messenger. They can be disabled, but not uninstalled. Out of the phone's 64GB of internal storage, 53.18GB is available to use. If that's not enough you can always use a microSD and format it as internal storage.. The HTC U Ultra is a gorgeous phone with powerful hardware and some unique features. It doesn't ship with a headphone adapter, HTC's Sense Companion isn't ready yet, and camera performance clearly needs some fine-tuning. Even if all of these issues are addressed in software updates, the U Ultra still lags behind other $750 phablets like the Google Pixel XL and the LG V20. Both of those phones have equally powerful hardware, better camera performance, and a friendlier user experience all around. And keep in mind HTC makes the Pixel XL, so if you're a fan of the company's build quality, the choice is clear.. Bottom Line: The HTC U Ultra is an eye-catching unlocked phablet with powerful hardware and some unique features, but it's expensive and feels a bit half-baked.. Ajay Kumar is PCMag's Analyst obsessed with all things mobile. Ajay reviews phones, tablets, accessories, and just about any other gadget that can be carried around with you. In his spare time he games on the rig he built himself, collects Nintendo amiibos, and tries his hand at publishing a novel. Hands On: Alcatel Series 5, 3, 1 Phones, 1T Tablets, Linkzone Hotspots. Skyroam Tips $99 4G Roaming Subscription Service. PCMag reviews products independently , but we may earn affiliate commissions from buying links on this page.. Get Our Best Stories! Email Sign Up. Subscribe to What's New Now. This newsletter may contain advertising, deals, or affiliate links. Subscribing to a newsletter indicates your consent to our Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. You may unsubscribe from the newsletters at any time.. Tech on a Budget: 35 Gift Ideas Under $20. 28 Hidden iOS 11 Tips You Need to Know. 13 Must-Have Tech Gifts Under $50. 10 Games Every Nintendo Switch Player Needs. TV Shows to Watch if You Love 'Stranger Things'. How to Master iOS 11's New Control Center. How to Play DVDs in Windows 10. How to Stop Blue Light From Disturbing Your Sleep. PC, PC Magazine and PC PCMag.com are among the federally registered trademarks of Ziff Davis, LLC and may not be used by third parties without explicit permission.. We have updated our PRIVACY POLICY and encourage you to read it by clicking here .. 
The source for Tech Buying Advice. More Car Tech. Tech deals, prizes and latest news. A large phone that doubles its screens. Interface and reliability Android 7 software packed in with Sense UI laying over the top Movies, music and gaming No 3.5mm headphone jack may be a problem for some Limited speaker tech, unlike other HTC phones Nice big display for playing games and watching video Benchmarks and performance Snapdragon 821 processor and 4GB of RAM packed inside Not phenomenal benchmarking scores though. HTC has packed Android 7 Nougat into the U Ultra, with its own Sense UI over the top to give it a unique flavor, and though the phone hasn’t since been updated to Android Oreo, security updates have remained regular.. Sense UI has a simple interface that makes everything easy to find, although it will feel slightly different if you were using a stock Android phone before.. A lot of the features here are Android 7’s, with a few of HTC’s bells and whistles added, which means you can use all the benefits of HTC’s UI without having to put up with a lack of customization, as you would on devices that run stock software.. One of the UI options Sense enables is news on your home screen. It uses a service called News Republic, which will source stories to your taste for you to see when you unlock your phone.. HTC’s Blinkfeed is also here to give you a full rundown of your day, with social media and news updates available via a flick of your finger.. When you’re on the home screen you can scroll left and see the highlights of all the services you’ve connected to Blinkfeed – you can see popular Facebook posts, tweets or even news stories, again courtesy of News Republic. Sadly, it is impossible to receive news from other sources, which may not sit well with some.. If you want a quick distraction and can’t decided which social media channel to use, Blinkfeed can be a useful little tool.. Media playback is likely to be a sticking point for some people who would otherwise be interested in the HTC U Ultra. As on the iPhone 7, Moto Z and some other phones there’s no traditional headphone port on the U Ultra, so your regular wired headphones won’t work with this phone.. You’ll instead have to opt for a Bluetooth headset or use HTC earbuds, which are included in the box. These connect to the USB-C port at the bottom of the phone, meaning you won’t be able to charge your phone and listen to music at the same time.. This will be a major issue for some, although when we connected our wireless headphones to the U Ultra it offered a solid connection which never dropped out.. HTC is renowned for its quality front-facing speakers, but, like the headphone port, these are missing from the U Ultra.. There’s no patented BoomSound technology as on the HTC 10. Instead there’s just one sound driver, meaning you lose a lot of the ‘oomph’ when listening to audio out loud.. If you’re looking for a phone that can just play the odd song, the U Ultra will suit you well as most phones on the market, but it’s disappointing considering HTC’s superior audio capabilities in previous phones, and we can’t see why it would omit decent speakers on a high-end phone. As with every bottom-firing speaker, the sound is very easy to muffle as well.. We found watching video on the U Ultra to be a very enjoyable experience, thanks mostly to the high-resolution and super-bright display creating a beautiful picture.. HTC doesn’t include its own video app, but if you want to play files directly from the phone’s storage you can launch a simple video player, while you’ve got Google Play Movies or YouTube for online content, and you can also download apps such as Netflix to enjoy movies on the go.. Storage-wise you should be safe with the U Ultra, as it comes in 64GB and 128GB options. We had the 64GB for the purpose of this review, and even with HTC’s software onboard you’ve still got 53GB to fill up with media and apps.. If you’re a gamer the HTC U Ultra will suit your tastes whether you want to test out the odd puzzler or play the latest and greatest mobile titles.. We played a variety of games, and found everything to run smoothly. The likes of Pokemon Go did take a little while to load at some stages, but once it was up and running everything worked well.. Under the hood of the HTC U Ultra is a top-of-the-range Qualcomm Snapdragon 821 processor – although it won’t be top-of-the-range for long, as the Samsung Galaxy S8 and HTC 11 are due to launch shortly after the U Ultra, and both are rumored to have newer Snapdragon 825 processors on board.. This setup is still impressive though, especially as it’s back up by 4GB of RAM. That’s more than enough RAM to get you by, and when we were scooting around apps we found the U Ultra to be reliable, and able to keep up with everything we wanted to do.. Running the phone through benchmarking software, we found it returned an average score of 3851. That’s OK for a mid-range phone, but it’s not really strong enough considering the price of the U Ultra.. For example, the HTC 10, a phone with an older processor setup onboard, scored 4962 – and even that was a score we were disappointed with at the time, as the Galaxy S7 had just managed 6542 on the same test.. If you’re looking for decent power in your device you’ll want to go for either 2016's HTC 10 or any other flagship phone from 2017, such as the HTC U11 , as you’ll get more impressive performance than you will from the U Ultra.. One thing that is noticeable, is that the U Ultra has a tendency to run hot, which may have implications for its longevity a few years down the line, but this may simply have been an issue with the review unit.. Prev Page Introduction, price and design. Next Page Battery life and camera. You can unsubscribe at any time and we'll never share your details without your permission.. Get the best tech deals, reviews, product advice, competitions, unmissable tech news and more!. 1 Samsung Galaxy S9 release date, price, news and features. 2 Samsung Galaxy S9 launch: as it happened. 3 Samsung Galaxy S9 live stream: how to watch today's big launch event. 4 MWC 2018: All the latest news from the show. 5 How to watch Arsenal v Man City live stream online for the Carabao Cup final NOW. 2 Samsung Galaxy S9 Plus review. 3 Samsung Galaxy S9 release date, price, news and features. 4 Samsung Galaxy S9 launch: as it happened. 5 BlackBerry: 'we understand we are not for everyone' but 'we're here to stay'. TechRadar is part of Future plc, an international media group and leading digital publisher. England and Wales company registration number 2008885.. 
With HTC's latest phone, beauty is only skin deep. SHOULD I BUY HTC U ULTRA?. HTC was once synonymous with Android. Now, its latest high-end phone is a weird mix of luxury and function that misfires on too many levels. With so many great handsets out this year already, the U Ultra makes too many errors to succeed. 5.7in Quad HD LCD screen (2560x1440). Price comparison from over 24,000 stores worldwide View more prices. OK, I know – we are meant to review every smartphone in isolation, without relentlessly comparing it to others in order to assess it. But by April 2017 we have already had great things to say about the Samsung Galaxy S8 ,. and the LG G6 .. Also see: How to watch HTC U11 live stream. The HTC U Ultra was announced before any of these phones, back in January at a press conference. HTC has adopted the ‘U’ branding because that’s who it says this phone is for – you. It believes it has designed a highly personal device.. It’s definitely different enough to stand out, and I truly wanted to love this phone. In everyday use it does make a half decent argument for itself, but given its obvious flaws, it’s impossible for me to say outright that you should buy it. The 64GB U Ultra is on sale for £649.99 SIM free from Carphone Warehouse. You can pick from the blue, black, pink and white versions.. Carphone also offers the phone on contract from around £35.99 with an upfront cost .. You can also buy it direct from HTC. In the box is also a Quick Charge 3.0 wall charger, clear case, headphones, SIM tray tool and a micro-fibre cloth.. HTC considers itself 'the master of metal' but the. mantra of the U series phones is 'Liquid Surface', achieved with glass. Liquid surface doesn’t really mean anything, but refers to the attractive depth effect the glass takes on, as opposed to Samsung’s method of placing colour sheets under a piece of glass that gives a flatter, 2D effect.. Before you even turn it on, it’s a beautiful device. With this break from metal phones, HTC has at least made the U Ultra to the highest build quality standards.. Now, I’m sure that many people out there still prefer the presence of a bit of bezel. Bezel-free devices may be the latest trend, but they are debatably harder to hold (the Xiaomi Mi Mix in particular is all screen and hard to grip without registering erroneous touches on the display).. The U Ultra has a big old bezel at the chin, and what appears like a bigger one at the forehead. The chin houses a responsive fingerprint sensor and capacitive Android navigation buttons that look oddly too small for the design.. It appears HTC has copied this set up from the HTC 10, but because the U Ultra is so much bigger, there’s tons of unused space and the design looks wrong, almost like a manufacturing error, as there’s no good reason why there should be so much unused space. This is not good on a high-end phone, and I frequently missed the back and recent apps buttons because they are tiny and don’t stay backlit (though you can change this in settings to the detriment of battery life).. Once you turn it on, you see that the large bezel at the top houses a secondary display that is operated separately to the 5.7in main display (with more bezel to spare, by the way).. The U Ultra’s size means that it is undoubtedly a two-handed device. Even scrolling through Twitter with one hand on the train is perilous such is the unwieldy nature of the phone.. Maybe it’s our nostalgia for the brand (that One M8 tho) but despite these niggles it’s still nice to see HTC do something different and the U Ultra is certainly that. While HTC's phones have typically been variations of grey with a sleek brushed finish, the U Ultra is altogether more striking.. Whether it's striking in good way will depend on your. There are four colours to choose from, the Sapphire Blue and Brilliant Black options are best and the latter has a slightly green tint. However, the pearlescent Ice White and Cosmetic Pink colours are more garish but perhaps that's what you're after.. Our white review sample did grow on us though, with a slight pink glint in the right light.. The curved glass makes for a comfortable fit in the hand and although the material may be strong and harder to scratch, it has various downsides. The lack of friction makes the device slippery, it's a fingerprint magnet and, we suspect, prone to shattering if you drop it.. A clear case is included in the box to help with some of these issues but of course makes the phone even bigger and heavier.. Everything else is in check, with USB-C and a speaker on the bottom, SIM tray with two slots (though one gives the option for microSD up to 256GB) on the top, a textured power button and volume rocker on the right edge and nothing on the left edge. The power button is nicely textured but after I dropped the phone once, it lost its tactile click and is now mushy.. Painfully, there is no headphone jack on the U Ultra so HTC is following in the footsteps of. It's a straight up crime that a USB-C to headphone jack dongle is not included in the box, and has meant I was immediately put off listing to music or podcasts on the phone.. You do get a pair of USonic headphones that utilise the reversible port though, but there aren’t the best. More on that further into this review.. The U Ultra retains HTC's BoomSound stereo speakers but like the flagship 10, only one faces forward. There are four microphones on the handset too for the capture of better audio in videos.. Overall the design is bold, different but frustrating after extended use. I use a lot of phones and the initial good impressions of the U Ultra are suddenly dulled when you hold a better designed phone (in one hand) and realise the U Ultra is a step backwards from the marvellous HTC 10 .. In 2017 as we see bezels shrink and screens get taller, the HTC U Ultra has gone full traditional phablet – it’s a big old device at 162.4 x 79.8 x 8 mm, housing a 5.7in Super LCD display with a 2560 x 1440 resolution and 513ppi. The screen produces colours excellently, and we have no complaints when viewing video, web browsing or playing games.. Then there’s also a small, thin strip screen at the top of the device like we saw on the LG V10. It’s two inches with a resolution of 1040 x 60.. We can’t say that this is a feature we ever hankered after, and in fact now that we have it on the U Ultra, it’s kind of annoying. Not because it makes an already large phone even bigger, but because it also isn’t very useful. You can scroll through customisable panels for weather (the best one), app shortcuts, reminder, calendar, favourite contacts and music controls.. The weather auto updates with forecasts, which is cool, and the reminder panel is good for ‘get milk’ and other temporary mind jogs. But the app shortcuts are redundant when you can hit home and tap the app anyway, and the whole display is only on when the main screen is.. With both screens off, raise to wake shows the time, date, notification icons, battery and weather on the secondary display. You can then scroll through all the normal modes, with an additional quick toggle menu for access to Wi-Fi, flashlight, Bluetooth and more. Bafflingly this handy option is only available when the phone is locked.. A secondary screen is not high on the list of consumers’ must-have features on a phone, and the way it has been hurriedly implemented on the U Ultra is disappointing. OK, you can read the first line of a notification when you’re in another app without obstructing what you’re seeing, but it means an already huge phone has to be bigger, and doesn’t improve the user experience. Aside from the screens, the phone runs on the Snapdragon 821 processor also found in the OnePlus 3T and LG G6, paired with 4GB RAM. There’s definitely enough power under the hood for most people, and the 821 is a proven chip despite the 835 now debuting on the Galaxy S8.. 4GB RAM is still all you really need on a phone too short of doing literally every computing task on it at once, and the U Ultra stood up to solid performance in multitasking. App load times are good, as is switching between apps.. Units ship with a generous 64GB storage, but that is becoming standard for flagship Android devices today. A limited edition 128GB version with Sapphire glass is available in Taiwan.. In terms of pure power, the U Ultra is a high-end device, if not the most powerful. But with constant use it feels limited and overblown at the same time, which makes for a frustrating experience. The hardware and software are inextricably linked, but not in a good way. It is also a weighty device at 170g, not helped by its stretched dimensions.. Benchmarking phones against each other isn't the be all and end all as they aren't properly indicative of everyday use. The U Ultra is still an good. in five tests it ranked lowest on four.. The camera is a 12Mp sensor with OIS while the front facing camera is 16Mp. The latter can use UltraSelfie with UltraPixel tech (lot of ultra going on here), a mode that is four times more sensitive to light than the normal mode. Get ready to photo that face.. Photos come up well but can look a tad washed out or too dark - the lighting conditions generally have to be spot on or the sensor struggles.. It really wasn't that dark outside in the above image. The rear facing snapper can also take in 2160p video at 30fps. The camera app is a little tricky to use and feels a bit toy like, but once you’ve found the settings menu then it can produce very good, if not class leading, images. The camera bump is also huge on an already thick phone. Surely HTC could have made it flush?. There’s also everything else you’d expect; NFC, Bluetooth 4.2, 11ac Wi-Fi and fast charging with Quick Charge 3.0. But there’s no wireless charging despite the move to glass (metal phones prohibit it), and no waterproofing whatsoever. These things won’t matter to everyone, but many competing Android phones now have both as standard, and at £649 the U Ultra really should have one or both.. There’s also no headphone jack, and the sad fact of the matter is HTC can’t get away with this. It’s not fair, but it’s true.. Even though I’d prefer a headphone port on the iPhone 7, at least Apple shipped an adapter with every phone. In the UK, you don’t get an adapter with the HTC U Ultra and the UK HTC site doesn’t stock it, so you have to use the bundled headset.. That’s fine if you like black HTC in-ear headphones, but I personally struggle with comfort of in-ears. So with no other option besides Bluetooth headphones (I don’t have any and they are expensive), I immediately considered the U Ultra a no-go for audio. This is bad for HTC – I won’t be the only one who will grimly persevere with the included headphones. They are too bass heavy and there’s not a whole lot else to say other than to repeat my frustration.. And then there’s the battery – it’s 3,000mAh, which simply isn’t enough for a phone with two displays. This phone is physically massive, and it’s simply not a big enough cell to keep it going.. The U Ultra came off charge most mornings at 8am and was hitting 20% before 6pm while I was testing all its features. Screen on time is frustratingly low, meaning the U Ultra is nowhere near being a power user’s phone, when the two displays and large dimensions mean this is the main thing it should be.. HTC hasn’t commented on why the battery is so small, but considering it says it left out the headphone jack to easier design a curved back, it reeks of a company trying to be different with design to stand out, yet try to appeal to an iPhone audience by copying Apple’s most annoying design decision of recent times. Overall, the U Ultra’s unwieldy design could be forgiven if it was a two-day powerhouse with waterproofing and a headphone jack. The fact that it’s not is bitterly disappointing.. The phone’s UI is still HTC’s Sense, which is quite close to stock Android. HTC has moved even closer to stock Android since the 10, and our U Ultra review unit ran 7.0 Nougat. Rather than replicating every Google app with an HTC equivalent, the U Ultra pushes you to use Google’s Photos, Gmail, Calendar and everything else.. Sense has become very discreet, save for the HTC Sense Companion you will find on the U Ultra. HTC calls it AI, but it isn’t AI – it’s a set of reminder and tutorial functions that pop up from time to time to help you out. Sometimes it’s simply to say that the phone is checking performance for you and will let you know if an app is using too much power, or to let you know about traffic in your area.. These prompts feel untargeted, and despite the fact it’s meant to learn your habits, I found it next to useless. I know Android tends to prompt you to manage power efficiency and such, but I’d rather this phone just did it for me rather than telling me it’s possible. The phone also doesn’t yet have Google Assistant, so you’re left with the inferior Google Now function and an invasively unhelpful Companion. The USonic headphones work with the software to enhance your listening experience on the phone, but I felt like the technology wasn’t up to much. It apparently analyses your inner ear and adjusts the audio output to suit (in my experience by cranking up the bass far too loud).. It’s not adaptable, so won’t adapt to your surroundings unless you manually go through the procedure again. Some may find it beneficial, but I feel it’s one more thing HTC didn’t automate that delivers a less than satisfactory user experience.. Despite this, Nougat runs fast and responsive, and the notification shade is one of the best I’ve used for quick replies and actions. In fact, the efficient software is one of the best things about this phone.. On the HTC 10, the hardware amplified its quality but paired with the U Ultra’s hardware it makes the software feel unremarkable and clunky. The default settings display text and icons very large, which adds to the unrefined overall feeling I have about the device as a whole.. 5.7in Quad HD LCD screen (2560x1440). 12Mp UltraPixel rear camera with phase-detection and laser auto focus, OIS and dual-tone flash. 16Mp front camera with selfie panorama. 5.7in Quad HD LCD screen (2560x1440). 12Mp UltraPixel rear camera with phase-detection and laser auto focus, OIS and dual-tone flash. 16Mp front camera with selfie panorama. HTC has confused me with this phone. The HTC 10 fixed the problems of the One M9 but the U Ultra is a Frankenstein device. When a phone gives a better impression powered off than on, you know you’re in trouble. It’s not a bad phone full stop, but it does a lot to an unacceptably middling standard.. It feels cobbled together despite the liquidity of its beautiful design and makes too many compromises with its massive body, no headphone jack or waterproofing, a small battery, and gimmicky use of the secondary display.. In a year of excellent high-end smartphones, it’s impossible to recommend the U Ultra above the Galaxy S8, LG G6 or OnePlus 3T to name but a few. The HTC U 11 is just around the corner but frankly, I am worried that HTC may soon find itself powering off for good.. Price comparison from over 24,000 stores worldwide View more prices. I saw this on Tech Advisor and thought you should see it too.. The art of 'British' pulp fiction. TV & streaming : comment regarder le Tournoi des Six Nations 2018 ?. UK Tech Weekly Podcast: Soundcloud / iTunes. 
Community Home Verizon Community Verizon Community Homepage Explore Topics People Content Announcements. Explore Search Sign In / Register Register 0 Sign In. Error: You don't have JavaScript enabled. This tool uses JavaScript and much of it will not work correctly without it enabled. Please turn JavaScript back on and reload this page.. Topics > Android > Discussions. You can not post a blank message. Please type your message and try again.. Latest reply on Mar 29, 2017 6:22 AM by demmo86rt. Is HTC U Ultra on Verizon?. kyawzawlinn2009 Mar 14, 2017 7:51 AM. Tags: none ( add ). Does anybody know HTC U Ultra will come to Verizon??. This content has been marked as final.. Show 7 replies. Re: Is HTC U Ultra on Verizon?. ( in response to kyawzawlinn2009 ). Like Show 1 Likes (1). HTC U Ultra is now in stock in the US. Re: Is HTC U Ultra on Verizon?. ( in response to demmo86rt ). 1 of 1 people found this helpful. Like Show 1 Likes (1). The specifications don't list LTE band 13 so it is even more unlikely to be available to use on the Verizon Wireless network.. Re: Is HTC U Ultra on Verizon?. ( in response to Ann154 ). Like Show 0 Likes (0). Now I love htc phones since I 'm using M8.. Now I have to upgrade to my phone and waiting for HTC's new flagship. I will not take Htc 10.. Re: Is HTC U Ultra on Verizon?. ( in response to kyawzawlinn2009 ). Like Show 0 Likes (0). At this point in time (3/25/2017), the answer is no.. Re: Is HTC U Ultra on Verizon?. ( in response to kyawzawlinn2009 ). Like Show 1 Likes (1). I have the 10 and it is a fast and beautiful device that is gimmick free. Re: Is HTC U Ultra on Verizon?. ( in response to MDetwiler38501 ). Like Show 0 Likes (0). Yes, I love HTC phones and I 'm big fan of it. I don't like Samsung phones coz their phones 're too much lag. I like HTC 10 but it is 1 year old and I've been waiting for HTC new flagship phone to my upgrade.. Re: Is HTC U Ultra on Verizon?. ( in response to kyawzawlinn2009 ). 1 of 1 people found this helpful. Like Show 0 Likes (0). While it's marketed as "made by Google", the PIXEL is manufactured by HTC as well.. While the hardware is almost 6 mo old, one nice thing is that the OS will always be the latest available.. Home | Top of page. Verizon Wireless Community Software Version: 8.0.3.1 , revision: 20160414082626.1619a91.release_8.0.3.x. 
