Email me special HTC and select partner offers, product information and newsletters.. To review our privacy policy, please Click Here .. We have received your information and will send you HTC updates soon.. WHAT CAN WE HELP YOU WITH?. sculpted by light illuminated by sound. Meet HTC 10 evo .The metal unibody phone that combines sophisticated style with sound tuned to you. It’s a dramatic evolution of our sculpted by light style that’s also water, splash and dust resistant*. HTC 10 evo introduces the world’s 1 st ** USB Type-C dual adaptive earphones that tailor sound to your ears’ unique structure for a truly illuminating audio experience.. *HTC 10 evo has an IP57 rating and is water, splash and dust resistant. Normal wear and tear may decrease splash and water resistance over time. Do not intentionally submerge HTC 10 evo. Do not attempt to charge or otherwise use the USB Type-C port on a wet HTC 10 evo. For drying instruction and tips on maintaining water resistance, consult the user guide, support site, or the Help app on the device. Liquid damage may not be covered under warranty.. **Based on HTC research among major smartphone brand models as of October 2016, using GSMArena statistics and other mobile manufacturing trade sources.. HTC 10 evo’s display is covered by Corning ® Gorilla ® Glass 5. A new glass solution that helps your phone resist life’s inevitable knocks and tumbles. So now dropping your phone while taking selfies doesn’t automatically mean a smashed screen*. And while Gorilla Glass 5 is tougher than ever, it doesn’t compromise optical clarity or touch sensitivity. Giving you the ultimate combination of drop protection and performance.. *Drop test conducted up to 1.6 meters.. HTC 10 evo’s full metal unibody has been subjected to a multitude of grueling drop, bend, scratch, submersion, climate and corrosion tests. This phone is water, splash and dust resistant, in fact it has an IP57 rating*, which means that you’ll enjoy exceptional build quality and style that you can take almost anywhere from hiking to mountain biking no matter what the weather – sun, rain or snow.. Things are more entertaining on a 5.5” screen. Which makes it easy to enjoy the action and details in your favorite videos even when you’re out on a camping trip. HTC 10 evo also has multi-window support, so you have the space you need to watch movies while multitasking, surfing the net or chatting online with friends.. Incredible moments can happen when you least expect them. HTC 10 evo’s 16MP camera has OIS (Optical Image Stabilization) that reduces camera shake so you can capture sharp photos on the go in almost any environment, even in low light. HTC 10 evo’s camera launches quickly so you can capture fleeting moments in a flash. Plus it has an ultra-fast autofocus time of up to 0.3 seconds with Phase Detection Auto Focus, which makes focusing smooth and very fast. Vivid Flash uses a light spectrum closer to that of sunlight, for natural looking photos in low light.. take more control of your photos. HTC 10 evo features Pro mode to give you professional level of control over your photography. Besides the advanced options you’d expect – such as RAW capture, RAW enhancement and manual control over almost every camera setting – you now also get the ability to take photos with long exposure times. Perfect for mastering the motion of light in your photography. Transform moments into masterpieces with long exposure times.. What do you get when you combine a big 8MP sensor and Auto HDR? Great looking selfies anywhere you go, from the top of the mountains to nights out on the town. HTC 10 evo features an integrated screen flash for night shots on the go. Plus it brings you a super wide angle selfie panorama mode – enough to fit in the whole family with room to spare for epic mountain backgrounds. Super wide angle panorama selfies fit in more people and good times than standard selfies.. HTC 10 evo’s built-in fingerprint sensor lets you unlock your phone at the touch of your finger – in as little as 0.2 seconds. Your fingerprint can also be the key to easily unlock the protected apps locked by the App Lock function in Boost+.. When you touch HTC 10 evo, everything comes together beautifully. The display responds to your every gesture, with even the smallest and fastest movements of your fingers tracked smoothly. And because the display is specially treated to be scratch-resistant, anti-smudge and anti-reflective, you can count on the screen to stay looking good even when you’re far from civilization.. HTC 10 evo comes with a big 3200mAh battery so you’ll get enough power for up to a day or more use on a single charge*. And, if you need to recharge quickly, HTC 10 evo features Quick Charge technology, so you can charge your phone fast*. Super handy when heading out on a last minute adventure.. *Battery charge duration may vary based on cellular network, location, signal strength, feature configurations, phone usage, and many other factors. Be transported into your unique audio adventure. Get ready for audio adventures unlike any you’ve had before. Where the inner shape of your ears are analyzed, so that every note, nuance and tone can be tuned to your individual hearing. Freeing you to explore hyper-vivid soundscapes adapted precisely to you.. *Inbox accessories may vary from country to country. Please check with an authorized retailer or operator for availability.. The metal unibody phone that combines sophisticated style with sound tuned to you: the world’s 1 st * USB Type-C dual adaptive earphones that tailor sound to your ears’ unique structure for a truly illuminating audio experience.. *Based on HTC research among major smartphone brand models as of October 2016, using GSMArena statistics and other mobile manufacturing trade sources.. 5.5” Corning ® Gorilla ® Glass ® 5 screen. 16MP main camera with OIS and ultra-fast autofocus. 8MP selfie camera with integrated screen flash and super wide angle selfie panoramas. 3200mAh battery and Quick Charge technology. Dimensions and Weight 1 Platform 2 Main Camera. Self timer up to 10 seconds. Pro mode with manual conttrol, long exposure, and RAW format support. 4K video recording with Hi-Res audio. Self timer up to 10 seconds. Pro mode with manual conttrol, long exposure, and RAW format support. 4K video recording with Hi-Res audio. HTC BoomSound ™ Adaptive Audio. 153.59 x 77.3 x 8.09 mm, 170 g. 153.59 x 77.3 x 3.7-8.09 mm,. Pixel density at 534 ppi (pixel per inch). Corning ® Gorilla ® Glass 5 with curve edge. Auto Selfie (keep still or smile). Self timer up to 10 seconds. Auto Selfie (keep still or smile). Self timer up to 10 seconds. Talk time on 3G/4G network: up to 23 hours. Standby time on 3G/4G network: up to 20 days. Audio supported formats: Playback: .3gp, .mp4, .m4a, .aac, .flac, .mp3, .mid, .ogg,. .mkv, .wav Recording: .aac, .flac Video supported formats: Playback: .3gp, .mp4, .ts, webm, mkv, avi Recording: .3gp, .mp4, .mkv. Available storgae for users: about 23 GB. Extended memory: microSD ™ up to 2TB. Available storgae for users: about 23 GB. Extended memory: microSD ™ up to 2TB. Support Cat 6 LTE, download up to 300 Mbps, upload up to 50 Mbps. Wi-Fi ® : 802.11 a/b/g/n/ac (2.4 & 5 GHz). Streaming media from the phone to compatible Chromecast, DLNA™, AirPlay™, Miracast™ Devices. Qualcomm ® Snapdragon™ 810, octa-core, up to 2.0 Ghz. Qualcomm ® Snapdragon™ 810, octa-core, up to 2.0 Ghz. All units of measurement may vary slightly according to manufacturing tolerance.. Platform may be different after software update.. Available storage is less due to phone software. Available storage is subject to change based on phone software updates and apps usage. Extended memory limited to available microSD card size.. Network bands in regions may be different, depending on the mobile operator and your location. 4G LTE only available in select countries. Upload and download speeds also depend on the mobile operator.. The battery claims herein may vary based on cellular network, location, signal strength, feature configurations, app and phone usage, and many other factors. Note: Specifications may be different after software update and are subject to change without prior notice.. Australia Österreich Bangladesh Brazil Canada - English Canada - Français Česká republika 中国 Danmark Deutschland España Suomi France Hong Kong 香港 Hrvatska India Indonesia Ireland Italia 日本 Казахстан América Latina Malaysia Magyarország Middle East الشرق الأوسط Myanmar Nederland New Zealand Norge Pakistan Россия и СНГ Polska România Schweiz Singapore Sri Lanka Sverige 台灣 ประเทศไทย Türkiye Україна United Kingdom United States Việt Nam Saudi Arabia. Australia Österreich Bangladesh Brazil Canada - English Canada - Français Česká republika 中国 Danmark Deutschland España Suomi France Hong Kong 香港 Hrvatska India Indonesia Ireland Italia 日本 Казахстан América Latina Malaysia Magyarország Middle East الشرق الأوسط Myanmar Nederland New Zealand Norge Pakistan Россия и СНГ Polska România Schweiz Singapore Sri Lanka Sverige 台灣 ประเทศไทย Türkiye Україна United Kingdom United States Việt Nam Saudi Arabia. Australia Österreich Bangladesh Brazil Canada - English Canada - Français Česká republika 中国 Danmark Deutschland España Suomi France Hong Kong 香港 Hrvatska India Indonesia Ireland Italia 日本 Казахстан América Latina Malaysia Magyarország Middle East الشرق الأوسط Myanmar Nederland New Zealand Norge Pakistan Россия и СНГ Polska România Schweiz Singapore Sri Lanka Sverige 台灣 ประเทศไทย Türkiye Україна United Kingdom United States Việt Nam Saudi Arabia. Australia Österreich Bangladesh Brazil Canada - English Canada - Français Česká republika 中国 Danmark Deutschland España Suomi France Hong Kong 香港 Hrvatska India Indonesia Ireland Italia 日本 Казахстан América Latina Malaysia Magyarország Middle East الشرق الأوسط Myanmar Nederland New Zealand Norge Pakistan Россия и СНГ Polska România Schweiz Singapore Sri Lanka Sverige 台灣 ประเทศไทย Türkiye Україна United Kingdom United States Việt Nam Saudi Arabia. Terms of use Privacy policy Recycling. Smartphones RE Camera Nexus Tablet Buy Now Newsroom Company Overview Corporate Responsibility Investor. HTC Accessories Partners HTC Blog HTC Dev HTC Vive. Innovations Ultrapixel camera HTC Transfer Power to Give HTC Connect Privacy Policy Terms of Use Code of Conduct Copyright Product Security Fraud Warning Learn More. Support Center Warranty Policy HTC Advantage Working at HTC. Smartphones RE Camera Nexus Tablet Buy Now Innovations Ultrapixel camera HTC Transfer Power to Give HTC Connect Support Center Warranty Policy HTC Advantage Newsroom Company Overview Corporate Responsibility Investor HTC Accessories Partners HTC Blog HTC Dev HTC Vive Privacy Policy Terms of Use Code of Conduct Copyright Product Security Fraud Warning Learn More Working at HTC. Terms of use Privacy policy Recycling. 
GSM 850 / 900 / 1800 / 1900. HSDPA 850 / 900 / 1900 / 2100. LTE band 1(2100), 3(1800), 5(850), 7(2600), 8(900), 20(800), 28(700), 38(2600), 40(2300), 41(2500). HSPA 42.2/5.76 Mbps, LTE-A (2CA) Cat6 300/50 Mbps. 153.6 x 77.3 x 8.1 mm (6.05 x 3.04 x 0.32 in). - IP57 certified - dust and water resistant. - Water resistant up to 1 meter and 30 minutes. Super LCD3 capacitive touchscreen, 16M colors. 5.5 inches, 83.4 cm 2 (~70.2% screen-to-body ratio). 1440 x 2560 pixels, 16:9 ratio (~534 ppi density). Octa-core (4x1.5 GHz Cortex-A53 & 4x2.0 GHz Cortex-A57). microSD, up to 256 GB (dedicated slot). 16 MP, f/2.0, OIS, phase detection autofocus, dual-LED flash, check quality. Geo-tagging, touch focus, face detection, Auto-HDR, panorama. 2160p@30fps (24-bit/192kHz audio), 720p@120fps, check quality. - Active noise cancellation with dedicated mic. Wi-Fi 802.11 a/b/g/n/ac, dual-band, WiFi Direct, DLNA, hotspot. Fingerprint (front-mounted), accelerometer, gyro, proximity, compass. SMS(threaded view), MMS, Email, Push Mail, IM. - Fast battery charging (Quick Charge 2.0). Basemark OS II 2.0: 1913 / Basemark X: 28736. Contrast ratio: 1357:1 (nominal), 2.407 (sunlight). Voice 65dB / Noise 75dB / Ring 80dB. Also known as HTC Bolt in USA. We can not guarantee that the information on this page is 100% correct. HTC 10 evo - user opinions and reviews. any one experiencing half black screen on htc 10 evo? I have been recovery but still half black screen , can not use ,hey next week may be sent to HTC for warranty. Is it getting an Oreo update?. Samsung Apple Nokia Sony LG HTC Motorola Huawei Microsoft Lenovo Xiaomi Google Acer Asus Oppo OnePlus Meizu BlackBerry Alcatel ZTE Toshiba Vodafone Energizer XOLO Lava Micromax BLU Gionee vivo LeEco Panasonic HP YU verykool Maxwest Plum. HTC 10 HTC Desire 10 Pro HTC One M9 HTC U Play Xiaomi Mi A1 HTC U Ultra. HTC U11 Eyes HTC One (M8) HTC 10 HTC U11+ HTC Desire 10 Pro HTC U11. 
Press enter or click on the search icon. No headphone jack and no included dongle. What is the HTC 10 Evo?. HTC 10 Evo – Performance and Audio. It’s been a great year for HTC. Its HTC Vive virtual reality headset was a hit – and picked up the prestigious Product of the Year gong at the TrustedReviews awards – and the HTC 10 was a return to smartphone form.. But I am less enthused about the new HTC 10 Evo, which is a phone that doesn’t seem to have a point. I’ve been trying to work out who this phone is for, and I’m still not quite sure. It feels like an amalgamation of spare parts left lying around an HTC factory. It’s not necessarily a bad phone, but probably one that doesn’t need to exist.. The HTC 10 Evo isn’t a budget phone, and I was repeatedly told it’s not a successor to the fantastic HTC 10 (even though the Evo moniker stands for ‘evolution’). It sits in the ‘tricky to categorise £450-£500 mark’, making it only just cheaper than the HTC 10.. Video: What’s the best phone you can buy right now?. The Evo has that same metal unibody as the HTC 10, but the back is now flat and, thanks to the 5.5-inch screen, it’s much bigger. Getting rid of the subtle curve makes it much harder to hold, and the Evo feels so much tougher to grip than it should. It’s no bigger than a Google Pixel XL , but the sharp chamfers on the sides are so steep that I find it tough to handle and slightly uncomfortable.. It still looks good, but I don’t understand HTC’s need to recycle the same design over and over again. It takes something away from HTC 10 having this sit beside it. The antenna lines are well hidden, but look much nicer on the black model, and there’s a sleek capacitive home button that has a fingerprint sensor inside. I prefer these ‘buttons-that-aren’t-really-buttons’ like the iPhone 7 , as they tend to be easier to press.. A sure to be controversial design point here is the removal of the headphone jack. It’s been done before, and it’ll be done again, but there doesn’t seem to much a reason for it to be done here. It’s not stupidly thin like the Moto Z and while it is IP57 rated for water-resistance, its still not as tough as the iPhone 7 and can only be submerged in 1m of water.. I was told the main reason was to push people towards USB-C headphones, a pair of which come in the box, but it just seems a bit odd. The biggest misstep is not including a 3.5mm headphone jack dongle in the box, so you’ll have to shell out more if you want to use an older pair of headphones.. To be fair, the included USB-C headphones are good, but they’re the in-ear variety and as such probably won’t be for everyone. They have good bass response, decent volume and plenty of detail but they become uncomfortable after a while.. Get news, competitions and special offers direct to your inbox. By submitting your information, you agree to the Terms & Conditions and Privacy & Cookies Policy .. Please keep me up to date with special offers and news from Trusted Reviews and other brands within the Time Inc. You can unsubscribe at any time.. We'd also like to send you special offers and news just by email from other carefully selected companies we think you might like. Your personal details will not be shared with those companies - we send the emails and you can unsubscribe at any time. Please tick here if you are happy to receive these messages.. Terms & Conditions and Privacy & Cookies Policy. The Evo’s 5.5-inch, quad-HD, LCD screen panel is accurate and detailed but it’s not stunning. LCD panels don’t quite have the same punch as their AMOLED rivals, with reds and oranges especially looking slightly dull. I still prefer LCDs for their accuracy, especially when scrolling through pictures and watching videos though.. Related: Best budget Android phones. Viewing angles are better than the HTC 10, and the Evo screen doesn’t suffer with strange banding. This is when you tilt the phone to the side and colours visibly shake and appear jilted.. Brightness isn’t quite as strong as flagship phones, and I tend to need to keep it about 80% rather than 50-60%. But that’s far from a deal breaker.. HTC has, for some reason, stuck the rightfully maligned Snapdragon 810 CPU inside this phone.. The 810’s the same chipset that basically made the HTC One M9 and so many other phones unusable due to overheating. An HTC rep told me it has worked hard on the thermodynamics here, but it still gets noticeably warm during charging and even more so when playing demanding games. It’s nowhere near as bad as it was in previous phones, but the problem is still there.. Performance is fine, but it’s not quite what I would expect for the price. App crashes are fairly frequent and games like Asphalt 8 and Real Racing take a while to get going, and then suffer from lots of dropped frames.. If you’re not gaming though, you’ll have no issues. There’s plenty of power for emailing, browsing in Chrome and messaging and the like. I would have much preferred HTC use either a Snapdragon 820 (apparently it didn’t do this as it would it too similar to the HTC 10) or the much more efficient and still pretty powerful Snapdragon 625.. There’s 3GB RAM too – 4GB seems to be the norm now at this price – and 32GB storage. If you need more storage, there’s a microSD slot to bump it up further.. In our usual suite of benchmarking tests, the HTC 10 Evo performed like a phone running a near two year old processor. The score of 3,305 in Geekbench 4’s multi-core test is similar to the Samsung Galaxy Note 4 ‘s and the single-core result of 1,072 is only marginally higher than the OnePlus 2’s.. Audio is always key to HTC’s phone and once again it has done a good job. The speakers are no longer front-firing, but they’re bass heavy and very loud and the audio from both wired and wireless headphones is very good. There’s support for High-Res audio – both listening and recording – and the noise-cancelling microphones make for a great experience when you actually call someone.. Trusted Reviews is part of Time Inc. (UK) Ltd Fashion & Beauty Network. 
Home Shop MWC News Reviews Features Opinions Videos The Gadgets 360 Show Cell Guru Prime Tech Smartphone Reviews Tech and Gadget Reviews How-To Videos Video Game Reviews and Features Top Lists by Gadgets 360 Unboxing and Hands-On Videos Podcasts Compare Mobiles Phone Finder DEALS. Mobiles Tablets Apps Gaming Cameras PC/Laptops AUDIO/VIDEO How To Telecom Science INDIA INTERNET SOCIAL MEDIA WEARABLES हिंदी. Acer Adcom Alcatel Apple Archos Asus BlackBerry Blu Celkon Coolpad Datawind Fly Gionee HTC Huawei iBall iBerry Idea InFocus Intex iVoomi Jivi Karbonn Lava LeEco Lenovo LG Lyf Maxx Mobile Meizu Micromax Microsoft Motorola MTS Nokia Obi Oppo Panasonic Philips Ringing Bells Samsung Sony Spice Swipe Videocon Vivo Wickedleak Xiaomi Xolo Yu Zen Ziox Zopo ZTE. Home Mobiles Phone Finder HTC 10 evo. SPECIFICATIONS USER REVIEWS NEWS. Share on Facebook Tweet Share Share Email Reddit. HTC 10 evo smartphone was launched in November 2016. The phone comes with a 5.50-inch touchscreen display with a resolution of 1440 pixels by 2560 pixels. HTC 10 evo price in India starts from Rs. The HTC 10 evo is powered by octa-core Qualcomm Snapdragon 810 processor and it comes with 3GB of RAM. The phone packs 32GB of internal storage that can be expanded up to 2000GB via a microSD card. As far as the cameras are concerned, the HTC 10 evo packs a 16-megapixel primary camera on the rear and a 8-megapixel front shooter for selfies. The HTC 10 evo runs Android 7.0 and is powered by a 3200mAh non removable battery. It measures 153.50 x 77.30 x 8.00 (height x width x thickness) and weigh 174.00 grams. The HTC 10 evo is a single SIM (GSM) smartphone that accepts a Nano-SIM. Connectivity options include Wi-Fi, GPS, Bluetooth, NFC, FM, 3G and 4G. Sensors on the phone include Compass Magnetometer, Proximity sensor, Accelerometer, Ambient light sensor, Gyroscope and Barometer.. KEY SPECS NEWS Price in india. HTC 10 evo Launched in India at Rs. 48,990: Release Date, Specifications, and More. HTC Desire 10 Pro First Impressions: Great Design, 'Pro' Camera. HTC 10 evo to Launch in India in Late December, Company Confirms. HTC 10 evo Launched: Price, Release Date, Specifications, and More. More HTC mobiles HTC mobiles price in India. HTC 10 evo Price in India 10 Evo (Pearl Gold, 32GB, 3GB RAM) Rs. 17,299 10 Evo (Cast Iron, 32GB, 3GB RAM) Rs. Release date November 2016 Form factor Touchscreen Dimensions (mm) 153.50 x 77.30 x 8.00 Weight (g) 174.00 Battery capacity (mAh) 3200 Removable battery No Colours Gunmetal, Glacier Silver. Screen size (inches) 5.50 Touchscreen Yes Resolution 1440x2560 pixels. Processor octa-core Processor make Qualcomm Snapdragon 810 RAM 3GB Internal storage 32GB Expandable storage Yes Expandable storage type microSD Expandable storage up to (GB) 2000. Rear camera 16-megapixel Rear Flash Dual LED Front camera 8-megapixel. Wi-Fi Yes Wi-Fi standards supported 802.11 a/b/g/n/ac GPS Yes Bluetooth Yes, v 4.10 NFC Yes Infrared No USB OTG No FM Yes Number of SIMs 1 SIM 1 SIM Type Nano-SIM GSM/CDMA GSM 3G Yes 4G/ LTE Yes Supports 4G in India (Band 40) No. Compass/ Magnetometer Yes Proximity sensor Yes Accelerometer Yes Ambient light sensor Yes Gyroscope Yes Barometer Yes Temperature sensor No. Error or missing information? Please let us know. User ratings and reviews for HTC 10 evo. 0 Out of 5. 5 Star 4 Star 3 Star 2 Star 1 Star. HTC 10 evo Launched in India at Rs. 48,990: Release Date, Specifications, and More. HTC Desire 10 Pro First Impressions: Great Design, 'Pro' Camera. HTC 10 evo to Launch in India in Late December, Company Confirms. HTC 10 evo Launched: Price, Release Date, Specifications, and More. HTC U11 EYEs HTC U11 Life HTC U11+ HTC U11 HTC One X10 HTC U Play HTC U Ultra HTC Desire 650 HTC Bolt HTC Desire 10 Pro HTC Desire 10 Lifestyle HTC One A9s HTC One M9+ Prime Camera Edition HTC Desire 628 Dual SIM HTC One M9 Prime Camera Edition HTC Desire 830 HTC One S9 HTC 10 HTC 10 Lifestyle HTC Desire 825 HTC Desire 630 HTC Desire 530 HTC Desire 626 Dual SIM HTC One E9 HTC One X9 HTC One M9s HTC Desire 828 Dual SIM HTC Desire 728G Dual SIM HTC One M9e. LG V20 Htc 10 Evo vs. Lenovo K6 Htc U Play vs. Htc Desire 10 Pro Htc 10 Evo vs. Lenovo P2 Htc 10 Evo vs. Htc 10 Htc One X10 vs. Htc 10 Evo Asus Zenfone 4 vs. Htc 10 Evo Huawei Honor 9i vs. LG G4 Dual Sim Dual Lte Htc 10 Evo vs. Huawei Y6 Pro Htc 10 Evo vs. Nokia 7 Plus Is an Android One Phone With Dual Rear Cameras, Zeiss Optics Samsung Galaxy S9, Galaxy S9+ Pre-Orders Now Open in India Samsung Galaxy S9, Galaxy S9+ With Improved Cameras, AR Emoji Launched Nokia 8110 4G Is a 'Slider' Feature Phone With Google, Facebook Apps OnePlus 5, OnePlus 5T HD Content Streaming Issue Fixed, With a Catch Vodafone to Offer 4.5GB Data Per Day for 28 Days at Rs. 799: Report Nokia 7 Plus vs Nokia 7 Samsung Galaxy S9 a Worthy Upgrade? A Look at What's New Nokia 8 Sirocco With Dual Cameras, Stainless Steel Frame Launched at MWC Nokia 6 (2018) Android One Phone With Snapdragon 630 Launched at MWC 2018. Samsung phones price list Lyf phones price list Micromax phones price list Sony phones price list Htc phones price list Lenovo phones price list Intex phones price list Lava phones price list Apple phones price list Nokia phones price list Xolo phones price list Lg phones price list Vivo phones price list Oppo phones price list Gionee phones price list Motorola phones price list Blackberry phones price list Xiaomi phones price list. Sitemaps Archives Advertise About Us Feedback Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions Complaint Redressal Careers Contact Us RSS Ethics HTC 10 Evo in Hindi. © Copyright Red Pixels Ventures Limited 2018. Subject Comments. 
The source for Tech Buying Advice. More Car Tech. Tech deals, prizes and latest news. Hands on: HTC 10 Evo review. What is a hands on review?. HTC knows how to make good phones, and the 10 Evo is no exception. However, the odd price point, lower specs and lack of headphone jack might make this a tough sell.. Screen less impressive than the 10. HTC 10 Evo price and release date Design and performance Audio smarts Battery and camera Early verdict. This is the HTC 10 Evo – it’s the HTC 10 from earlier this year but with a slightly larger screen, while keeping a lot of the same features (and, don't forget, this phone has emerged as the HTC Bolt in the US).. It’s also the third phone from a big manufacturer to lose the headphone jack; but the difference here is that HTC isn't including an adaptor in the box to let you use your own 3.5mm cans or buds, so you’ll need to pay a little bit extra to buy a USB-C-to-3.5mm adaptor from HTC itself.. (Image: © HTC 10 Evo review). Given there are so many similarities between the 10 Evo and the ‘standard’ 10, it’s a little hard to see why HTC has done this.. The brand told us that it saw a gap in the market for a phone with some flagship features but at a lower cost – this is a phone that’s 10-15% cheaper, but with a lower-spec chipset and less RAM than HTC's main flagship device.. However, the 10 Evo does pack a lot of the same, hugely impressive, features as the HTC 10; and with a larger screen, Android Nougat and waterproofing on board it does at least offer something a little different.. The cost of the new HTC 10 Evo is set at around £450-£490 in the UK (with the equivalent Bolt costing $600 in the US), with pricing for other markets yet to be announced.. We’re still waiting on a definitive release date for the 10 Evo, but the Bolt will likely be arriving first.. 153.59 x 77.3 x 8.09mm OS:. Android 7 Nougat Screen size: 5.5-inch Resolution: 1440x2560 CPU: Snapdragon 810 RAM: 3GB Storage: 32GB (with microSD up to 2TB) Battery: 3200mAh Rear camera: 16MP Front camera: 8MP. The design of the HTC 10 Evo is impressive for a number of reasons. Firstly, HTC has kept the metal unibody design of the 10, but flattened the back of the phone, rather than having the palm-friendly rounding of the original.. This is so the phone doesn’t feel as cumbersome in the hand, given that you’re stretching the palm further to accommodate the larger screen size, but in truth it actually looks nicer, making the chamfered edges (‘sculpted by light’, if you’re into HTC’s marketing doublespeak) shine that little bit more.. It’s good to see waterproofing on offer here, with the phone IP57 resistant. That’s pretty minimal compared to the Galaxy S7 , for instance, but is more than life-proof in most situations (basically, not enough dust can get in to mess things up, and you can dunk it up to a meter. It’s hard to see how most people would struggle with those parameters).. (Image: © HTC 10 Evo review). There’s still the same Boomsound speakers above and below the screen for split audio performance (one for bass notes, the other for treble) but like the HTC 10 the performance feels lacking compared to other phones on the market.. Actually, it’s the Boomsound performance of the HTC One M8 that we miss so much – that was some truly powerful audio coming out of a phone.. The screen is still a Super LCD3 affair, at QHD resolution, and while it shouldn’t be much different to that on the HTC 10, other than a jump in size from the 10's 5.2 inches to 5.5-inch, it feels like there’s something lacking in the color reproduction and contrast that doesn’t feel quite right.. Perhaps HTC hasn’t tuned this screen to the levels of its flagship in a bid to save money, but it doesn’t feel anywhere near as vibrant.. (Image: © HTC 10 Evo review). The most confusing / price-reducing thing HTC has done here is use a Qualcomm Snapdragon 810 chipset in the phone, along with 3GB of RAM.. That’s a big drop in performance from the Snapdragon 820/4GB of RAM pairing in the HTC 10, and doubly confusing given that the Snapdragon 810 was plagued with overheating issues, which meant speeds were throttled.. Perhaps HTC got these chips more cheaply as a result, but the brand is also claiming it's worked hard on the cooling to make this older chipset work well.. In fairness, the initial speed of the HTC 10 Evo isn’t diminished as a result, but it’s in long-term use (and battery performance) that this will show up.. The audio performance of the HTC 10 was one of the winning qualities of the phone, with 24-bit audio processing throughout and extra amplifiers for both the speakers and the headphone jack.. It’s going to aggravate a lot of people that the headphone jack is lost with no adaptor in the box (the iPhone 7 and Moto Z both offered such a tool as part of the price) but there is one saving grace: the excellent earbuds HTC puts in the box instead.. (Image: © HTC 10 Evo review). These were great on the HTC 10, and now they’re converted to USB-C they still sound as impressive, but with a new trick: being able to scan their environment.. When plugged in, you’ll be asked to conduct a very quick test, where a sound is bounced into your ears and a ‘model’ of your ear canal is apparently built, which creates your personalized audio settings.. The test is speedy and results in markedly better audio – but can such a test really be that accurate? Surely the other tests that HTC and its rivals offer, where you’re asked to confirm whether you can hear sounds at different frequencies, are better?. Maybe they are, but this method is quick and improves performance. You can even re-do it when in different situations (be it bad weather or on a train) to keep it optimized.. So while missing out on the headphone jack is going to irk many, at least HTC is offering a decent alternative in the 10 Evo.. The HTC 10 Evo battery life should, if all works out, be pretty good. It’s got a 3200mAh battery, with a slightly lower-power chipset to run than the HTC 10, which means more efficiency as a result, according to HTC.. That larger power pack (up from 3000mAh in the 10) is welcome, but it remains to be seen whether HTC has managed to work out its battery gremlins.. (Image: © HTC 10 Evo review). Packing Android 7 Nougat on board will surely help too, and in theory this phone could outperform the HTC 10 in terms of longevity… although it’s equally possible that battery tuning has also been minimized to save costs.. The HTC 10 Evo cameras are interesting in a couple of ways, one being the jump in pixel count on the rear. The 16MP sensor sounds like it should be sharper than the HTC 10's 12MP one (well, it is) but it doesn’t quite have the impressive low-light capabilities of the older phone, as the pixels themselves are smaller.. The same power is on show though, in terms of being able to shoot in raw mode and take full control of your snaps, and the range of manual controls still impresses.. (Image: © HTC 10 Evo review). There’s a suspicion here, again, that HTC has taken a more ‘off the shelf’ approach to its sensor, but it’s clear that some decent work has gone into making it a decent snapper, with strong picture performance in our early tests, and optical image stabilization and phase detection autofocus (less movement in the snaps and fast focusing meaning sharper images) offering good results.. The 8MP front-facing camera is another interesting move, with panorama selfie mode enabling you to take a picture of yourself, then tilt the phone left and right to get more people into the frame.. Check out our hands-on video above to see just how well that worked.. The best way to describe the HTC 10 Evo is… interesting. It’s better in many ways than the original 10, with waterproofing, simpler audio enhancement and a larger screen all being things we like to see.. But the older chipset and seeming lack of tuning throughout this phone suggest something a little underwhelming compared to the underrated powerhouse that is the HTC 10.. (Image: © HTC 10 Evo review). When you consider that you’ll be able to pick up a Samsung Galaxy S7 for a similar price, with far better specs across the board, you have to wonder what HTC is up to here.. The HTC 10 Evo is a solid phone that takes the best of the original 10 and shaves off a few elements here and there to cut the cost –. but it’s still hard to work out why.. What is a hands on review?. 'Hands on reviews' are a journalist's first impressions of a piece of kit based on spending some time with it. It may be just a few moments, or a few hours. The important thing is we have been able to play with it ourselves and can give you some sense of what it's like to use, even if it's only an embryonic view. For more information, see TechRadar's Reviews Guarantee .. You can unsubscribe at any time and we'll never share your details without your permission.. Get the best tech deals, reviews, product advice, competitions, unmissable tech news and more!. 1 Samsung Galaxy S9 release date, price, news and features. 2 Samsung Galaxy S9 launch: as it happened. 3 Samsung Galaxy S9 live stream: how to watch today's big launch event. 4 MWC 2018: All the latest news from the show. 5 How to watch Arsenal v Man City live stream online for the Carabao Cup final NOW. 2 Samsung Galaxy S9 Plus review. 3 Samsung Galaxy S9 release date, price, news and features. 4 Samsung Galaxy S9 launch: as it happened. 5 BlackBerry: 'we understand we are not for everyone' but 'we're here to stay'. TechRadar is part of Future plc, an international media group and leading digital publisher. England and Wales company registration number 2008885.. 
Our new search experience requires JavaScript to be enabled. Please enable JavaScript on your browser , then try again .. All Categories Antiques Art Baby Books Business & Industrial Cameras & Photo Cell Phones & Accessories Clothing, Shoes & Accessories Coins & Paper Money Collectibles Computers/Tablets & Networking Consumer Electronics Crafts Dolls & Bears DVDs & Movies eBay Motors Entertainment Memorabilia Gift Cards & Coupons Health & Beauty Home & Garden Jewelry & Watches Music Musical Instruments & Gear Pet Supplies Pottery & Glass Real Estate Specialty Services Sporting Goods Sports Mem, Cards & Fan Shop Stamps Tickets & Experiences Toys & Hobbies Travel Video Games & Consoles Everything Else. Hi ( Sign in to bid or buy) Daily Deals Gift Cards Help & Contact Sell. Summary Recently Viewed Bids/Offers Watch List Purchase History Selling Saved Searches Saved Sellers Messages. Refine your search for htc 10 evo. All Listings - Current page. results for htc 10 evo. Save htc 10 evo to get e-mail alerts and updates on your eBay Feed.. Unfollow htc 10 evo to stop getting updates on your eBay Feed.. You'll receive email and Feed alerts when new items arrive. Afghanistan - AFG Albania - ALB Algeria - DZA American Samoa - ASM Andorra - AND Angola - AGO Anguilla - AIA Antigua and Barbuda - ATG Argentina - ARG Armenia - ARM Aruba - ABW Australia - AUS Austria - AUT Azerbaijan Republic - AZE Bahamas - BHS Bahrain - BHR Bangladesh - BGD Barbados - BRB Belarus - BLR Belgium - BEL Belize - BLZ Benin - BEN Bermuda - BMU Bhutan - BTN Bolivia - BOL Bosnia and Herzegovina - BIH Botswana - BWA Brazil - BRA British Virgin Islands - VGB Brunei Darussalam - BRN Bulgaria - BGR Burkina Faso - BFA Burma - MMR Burundi - BDI Cambodia - KHM Cameroon - CMR Canada - CAN Cape Verde Islands - CPV Cayman Islands - CYM Central African Republic - CAF Chad - TCD Chile - CHL China - CHN Colombia - COL Comoros - COM Congo, Democratic Republic of the - COD Congo, Republic of the - COG Cook Islands - COK Costa Rica - CRI Cote d Ivoire (Ivory Coast) - CIV Croatia, Republic of - HRV Cyprus - CYP Czech Republic - CZE Denmark - DNK Djibouti - DJI Dominica - DMA Dominican Republic - DOM Ecuador - ECU Egypt - EGY El Salvador - SLV Equatorial Guinea - GNQ Eritrea - ERI Estonia - EST Ethiopia - ETH Falkland Islands (Islas Malvinas) - FLK Fiji - FJI Finland - FIN France - FRA French Guiana - GUF French Polynesia - PYF Gabon Republic - GAB Gambia - GMB Georgia - GEO Germany - DEU Ghana - GHA Gibraltar - GIB Greece - GRC Greenland - GRL Grenada - GRD Guadeloupe - GLP Guam - GUM Guatemala - GTM Guernsey - GGY Guinea - GIN Guinea-Bissau - GNB Guyana - GUY Haiti - HTI Honduras - HND Hong Kong - HKG Hungary - HUN Iceland - ISL India - IND Indonesia - IDN Ireland - IRL Israel - ISR Italy - ITA Jamaica - JAM Japan - JPN Jersey - JEY Jordan - JOR Kazakhstan - KAZ Kenya - KEN Kiribati - KIR Korea, South - KOR Kuwait - KWT Kyrgyzstan - KGZ Laos - LAO Latvia - LVA Lebanon - LBN Liechtenstein - LIE Lithuania - LTU Luxembourg - LUX Macau - MAC Macedonia - MKD Madagascar - MDG Malawi - MWI Malaysia - MYS Maldives - MDV Mali - MLI Malta - MLT Marshall Islands - MHL Martinique - MTQ Mauritania - MRT Mauritius - MUS Mayotte - MYT Mexico - MEX Micronesia - FSM Moldova - MDA Monaco - MCO Mongolia - MNG Montenegro - MNE Montserrat - MSR Morocco - MAR Mozambique - MOZ Namibia - NAM Nauru - NRU Nepal - NPL Netherlands - NLD Netherlands Antilles - ANT New Caledonia - NCL New Zealand - NZL Nicaragua - NIC Niger - NER Nigeria - NGA Niue - NIU Norway - NOR Oman - OMN Pakistan - PAK Palau - PLW Panama - PAN Papua New Guinea - PNG Paraguay - PRY Peru - PER Philippines - PHL Poland - POL Portugal - PRT Puerto Rico - PRI Qatar - QAT Reunion - REU Romania - ROU Russian Federation - RUS Rwanda - RWA Saint Helena - SHN Saint Kitts-Nevis - KNA Saint Lucia - LCA Saint Pierre and Miquelon - SPM Saint Vincent and the Grenadines - VCT San Marino - SMR Saudi Arabia - SAU Senegal - SEN Serbia - SRB Seychelles - SYC Sierra Leone - SLE Singapore - SGP Slovakia - SVK Slovenia - SVN Solomon Islands - SLB Somalia - SOM South Africa - ZAF Spain - ESP Sri Lanka - LKA Suriname - SUR Swaziland - SWZ Sweden - SWE Switzerland - CHE Taiwan - TWN Tajikistan - TJK Tanzania - TZA Thailand - THA Togo - TGO Tonga - TON Trinidad and Tobago - TTO Tunisia - TUN Turkey - TUR Turkmenistan - TKM Turks and Caicos Islands - TCA Tuvalu - TUV Uganda - UGA Ukraine - UKR United Arab Emirates - ARE United Kingdom - UK United States - USA Uruguay - URU Uzbekistan - UZB Vanuatu - VUT Vatican City State - VAT Venezuela - VEN Vietnam - VNM Virgin Islands (U.S) - VIR Wallis and Futuna - WLF Western Sahara - ESH Western Samoa - WSM Yemen - YEM Zambia - ZMB Zimbabwe - ZWE. HTC 10 EVO (FACTORY UNLOCKED) 32GB , 5.5" 1440 x 2560 - Gray / Silver / Gold. HTC 10 evo 32GB (Unlocked) Nano SIM 4G LTE 5.5in 16MP 3GB RAM Fingerprint. HTC 10 EVO FACTORY UNLOCKED 32GB 5.5" 1440 x 2560 - Gray Silver Gold. For HTC Bolt | HTC 10 Evo Clip Holster Stand Case Blue Flame Skull. For HTC Bolt | HTC 10 Evo Hybrid Dual Bumper Case Stand Sinister Skulls. OPEN BOX - HTC 10 EVO (FACTORY UNLOCKED) 64GB , 5.5" 1440 x 2560 - Silver. New HTC 10 EVO FACTORY UNLOCKED GSM 5.5" 4G LTE 32GB Android SmartPhone Grey. OPEN BOX - HTC 10 EVO (FACTORY UNLOCKED) 32GB , 5.5" 1440 x 2560 - Gray. NEW HTC 10 EVO M10F 32GB Grey Factory Unlocked GSM SmartPhone. NEW HTC 10 EVO M10F 32GB Gold Factory Unlocked GSM SmartPhone. NEW HTC 10 EVO M10F 32GB 5.5" 16MP Silver GSM Factory Unlocked Smartphone. New HTC 10 EVO FACTORY UNLOCKED GSM 5.5" 4G LTE 32GB Android SmartPhone Silver. OPEN BOX - HTC 10 EVO (FACTORY UNLOCKED) 32GB , 5.5" 1440 x 2560 - Silver. USED - HTC 10 EVO (FACTORY UNLOCKED) 32GB , 5.5" 1440 x 2560 - Gray. For HTC Bolt | HTC 10 Evo Hybrid Dual Bumper Case Stand Musical Blues. For HTC Bolt | HTC 10 Evo Hybrid Dual Bumper Case Stand Punk Skulls. For HTC Bolt | HTC 10 Evo Hybrid Dual Bumper Case Stand Basketball. For HTC Bolt | HTC 10 Evo Hybrid Dual Bumper Case Stand Black White Flowers. MINITURTLE Rugged Dual Layer Shock Case Holster Stand for | HTC Bolt / 10 Evo. Wallet Pouch Case Cover with Bible Verses Design for HTC 10 One M10 T-Mobile. HTC 10 EVO 4g 32gb Silver (99 Hala 002-00). HTC 10 M10 - 4GB＋32GB - New & Sealed - Factory Unlocked. HTC EVO Design 4G - 4GB - Black Sprint Smartphone. HTC Evo 4G LTE Sprint Network 16GB Android smartphone White or Black *BROKEN*. HTC 10 (FACTORY UNLOCKED) 32GB , 5.2" 1440 x 2560 - Gray / Silver / Gold. HTC 10 M10 64GB 4GB RAM (Factory Unlocked) Smartphone Gray Silver Gold From USA. HTC 10 - 32GB - Glacier Silver (T-Mobile) Android 4G LTE 12MP Smartphone Great. HTC 10 - 32GB - Glacier Silver (Unlocked) Smartphone Was 174$,price drop. HTC EVO 4G LTE - 16GB - Black (Sprint) Smartphone. HTC EVO 4G LTE - 16GB - Black (Sprint) Smartphone. 5.2" HTC 10 M10 32GB 4GB RAM Unlocked 4G LTE 12MP Android Smartphone 4 Colors. HTC 10 M10 32GB Verizon Unlocked RAM 4GB Android 4G 1440 x 2560 Smartphone US. HTC EVO Shift 4G - 2GB - Black (Sprint) Smartphone PG06100. HTC EVO 4G LTE - 16GB - White (Sprint) Smartphone. HTC 10 5.2'' 32GB 4GB RAM 12MP LTE Unlocked NFC Quad-core Smartphone Gray. HTC Desire 10 Pro D10i 64GB (FACTORY UNLOCKED) 5.5" 20MP Black White Blue Green. HTC EVO Shift 4G Android Smartphone Blue - Sprint, Without Contract. HTC 10 M10 32GB 5.2-inch Unlocked 4G LTE 12MP 4GB RAM GSM Android Smartphone. HTC EVO 4G LTE - 16GB - Black (Sprint) Android Smartphone. HTC EVO 4G LTE - 16GB - Black (Sprint) Smartphone Bad Esn. HTC DESIRE 10 PRO D10i 64GB BLUE (FACTORY UNLOCKED) 5.5" 20MP SMARTPHONE. HTC 10 2PS6500 32GB Glacier Silver! GSM Unlocked! Please READ DESCRIPTION!!!. HTC EVO 4G LTE - 16GB - White (Sprint) Smartphone - Bad Charging Port. HTC EVO Design 4G - 4GB - Black (Sprint) Smartphone * Good Condition *. HTC 10 2PS6400 - 32GB - Silver (Sprint) Android 4G LTE 12MP Smartphone USED. OPEN BOX - HTC Desire 10 Pro D10i 64GB (FACTORY UNLOCKED) 5.5" 20MP - Blue. HTC EVO Shift 4G Camera QWERTY MP3 Android Smartphone Sprint. HTC Evo 4G Black Sprint Android Smart Phone Excellent Condition,HDMI. HTC 10 - 32GB - Glacier Silver - Verizon - GSM Unlocked. For HTC 10 One M10 Ultra Slim Canvas Wallet Pouch Credit Card Case Cover + Pen. For HTC 10 One M10 Dog Design Dual Layer Anti Shock Brushed Hybrid Case Cover. ✤ FREE GIFTS ✤ FREE Shipping ✤ Real USA Seller ✤. Brand New Factory Sealed in retail box gunmetal grey. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Brand New Factory Sealed in retail box Silver. Customs services and international tracking provided. 17 items found from eBay international sellers. Customs services and international tracking provided. ✤ FREE GIFTS ✤ FREE Shipping ✤ Real USA Seller ✤. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. ✤ in Stock ✤ Ship Worldwide ✤ Real USA Seller ✤. Works w/any Sprint MVNO like Tello, Virgin Mobile, Etc.. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. eBay determines this price through a machine learned model of the product's sale prices within the last 90 days.. eBay determines trending price through a machine learned model of the product’s sale prices within the last 90 days. "New" refers to a brand-new, unused, unopened, undamaged item, and "Used" refers to an item that has been used previously.. Top Rated Plus Sellers with highest buyer ratings Returns, money back Ships in a business day with tracking Learn More. Top Rated Plus Sellers with highest buyer ratings Returns, money back Ships in a business day with tracking Learn More. Not finding what you're looking for? Save htc 10 evo to get e-mail alerts and updates on your eBay Feed.. $ Enter minimum price to $ Enter maximum price. Please enter a minimum and/or maximum price before continuing.. Site Map Copyright © 1995-2018 eBay Inc. Accessibility , User Agreement , Privacy , Cookies and AdChoice Norton Secured - powered by Verisign. Number of bids and bid amounts may be slightly out of date. See each listing for international shipping options and costs.. 
WHAT CAN WE HELP YOU WITH?. HTC Devices & Accessories Purchase & Order Questions. Switching the power on or off. HTC 10 evo for the first time. Adding your social networks, email accounts, and more. Your first week with your new phone. Adding or removing a widget panel. Grouping apps on the widget panel and launch bar. Quickly adjusting the exposure of your photos. Taking a super wide-angle panoramic selfie. How does the Camera app capture RAW photos?. Calling a number in a message, email, or calendar event. What can I do during a call?. Switching between silent, vibrate, and normal modes. How do I add a signature in my text messages?. Moving messages to the secure box. Copying a text message to the. Getting in touch with a contact. Reading and replying to an email message. Should I use the storage card as removable or internal storage?. Setting up your storage card as internal storage. Moving apps and data between the phone storage and storage card. Moving an app to or from the storage card. Copying or moving files between the phone storage and storage card. HTC 10 evo and your computer. Ways of backing up files, data, and settings. Restoring from your previous HTC phone. Ways of transferring content from your previous phone. Other ways of getting contacts and other content. Transferring photos, videos, and music between your phone and computer. Turning Smart Boost on or off. Turning on Game battery booster for selected games. Managing irregular activities of downloaded apps. Managing apps running in the background. Creating an unlock pattern for some apps. Choosing which notifications to display on HTC. Changing the city on the weather clock. Turning on location services from the weather clock. Setting the date and time manually. What you can do on Google Photos. Changing the playback speed of a slow motion video. Turning the data connection on or off. Sharing your phone's Internet connection by USB tethering. Streaming music to AirPlay speakers or Apple TV. Streaming music to speakers powered by the. Turning location services on or off. Setting when to turn off the screen. Turning Magnification gestures on or off. HTC 10 evo (Hard reset). > Settings > Backup & reset. HTC 10 evo has a persistent problem that cannot be solved, you can perform a factory reset (also called a hard reset or master reset). A factory reset reverts the phone back to its initial state—the state before you turned on the phone for the first time.. Important: Factory reset will remove all data on your phone storage, including apps you've downloaded and installed, your accounts, your files, as well as system and app data and settings. Be sure to back up any data and files you want to keep before you do a factory reset.. To avoid deleting media and other data from your storage card, make sure you do not select. the Erase SD card option.. Note: A factory reset may not permanently erase all data from your phone, including personal information.. Restarting HTC 10 evo (Soft reset). Ways of backing up files, data, and settings. topics about HTC 10 evo. Française - Guide de démarrage rapide Française - Mode d'emploi Française - Guide de sécurité et de réglementation English - Quick start guide English - User manual English - Safety and regulatory guide. Australia Österreich Bangladesh Brazil Canada - English Canada - Français Česká republika 中国 Danmark Deutschland España Suomi France Hong Kong 香港 Hrvatska India Indonesia Ireland Italia 日本 Казахстан América Latina Malaysia Magyarország Middle East الشرق الأوسط Myanmar Nederland New Zealand Norge Pakistan Россия и СНГ Polska România Schweiz Singapore Sri Lanka Sverige 台灣 ประเทศไทย Türkiye Україна United Kingdom United States Việt Nam Saudi Arabia. Australia Österreich Bangladesh Brazil Canada - English Canada - Français Česká republika 中国 Danmark Deutschland España Suomi France Hong Kong 香港 Hrvatska India Indonesia Ireland Italia 日本 Казахстан América Latina Malaysia Magyarország Middle East الشرق الأوسط Myanmar Nederland New Zealand Norge Pakistan Россия и СНГ Polska România Schweiz Singapore Sri Lanka Sverige 台灣 ประเทศไทย Türkiye Україна United Kingdom United States Việt Nam Saudi Arabia. Australia Österreich Bangladesh Brazil Canada - English Canada - Français Česká republika 中国 Danmark Deutschland España Suomi France Hong Kong 香港 Hrvatska India Indonesia Ireland Italia 日本 Казахстан América Latina Malaysia Magyarország Middle East الشرق الأوسط Myanmar Nederland New Zealand Norge Pakistan Россия и СНГ Polska România Schweiz Singapore Sri Lanka Sverige 台灣 ประเทศไทย Türkiye Україна United Kingdom United States Việt Nam Saudi Arabia. Australia Österreich Bangladesh Brazil Canada - English Canada - Français Česká republika 中国 Danmark Deutschland España Suomi France Hong Kong 香港 Hrvatska India Indonesia Ireland Italia 日本 Казахстан América Latina Malaysia Magyarország Middle East الشرق الأوسط Myanmar Nederland New Zealand Norge Pakistan Россия и СНГ Polska România Schweiz Singapore Sri Lanka Sverige 台灣 ประเทศไทย Türkiye Україна United Kingdom United States Việt Nam Saudi Arabia. Smartphones RE Camera Nexus Tablet Latest phone deals Newsroom Company Overview Corporate Responsibility Corporate Information Investor. Ultrapixel camera HTC Transfer HTC Blog HTC Dev HTC Pro HTC Vive. Support Center Warranty Policy Privacy Policy Terms of Use Code of Conduct Copyright Product Security Learn More. Smartphones RE Camera Nexus Tablet Latest phone deals Buy Accessories Ultrapixel camera HTC Transfer Support Center Warranty Policy Newsroom Company Overview Corporate Responsibility Corporate Information Investor Working at HTC HTC Blog HTC Dev HTC Pro HTC Vive Privacy Policy Terms of Use Code of Conduct Copyright Product Security Learn More. It has come to our attention that a company called HTC Multinational Technology Oil & Gas (HTC Multinational) is sending e-mails purporting to come from HTC Corporation (HTC) concerning internship training. Please be aware that the e-mail from HTC Multinational is fraudulent in nature and should be deleted with immediate effect. HTC Multinational is not associated in any way with HTC or any HTC affiliated company.. 
Sections Apps AR & VR Cameras Cars Drones Fitness Trackers Gadgets Games Headphones Laptops Parenting Phones Smart Home Smartwatches Speakers Tablets TV News Apps AR & VR Cameras Cars Drones Fitness Trackers Gadgets Games Headphones Laptops Parenting Phones Smart Home Smartwatches Speakers Tablets TV All News Reviews Apps AR & VR Cameras Cars Drones Fitness Trackers Gadgets Games Headphones Laptops Parenting Phones Smart Home Smartwatches Speakers Tablets TV All Reviews Buyer's guides Apps AR & VR Cameras Cars Drones Fitness Trackers Gadgets Games Headphones Laptops Parenting Phones Smart Home Smartwatches Speakers Tablets TV All Buyer's guides. HTC 10 Evo vs HTC 10: What's the difference?. Home > Phones >. Phone buyer's guides > HTC phone buyer's guides. HTC 10 Evo vs HTC 10: Design. HTC 10 Evo has a flat back, IP57 rating. HTC 10 has 3.5mm headphone socket. HTC 10 Evo vs HTC 10: Display. HTC 10 Evo: 5.5-inch, 2560 x 1440 pixels, 534ppi. HTC 10: 5.2-inch, 2560 x 1440 pixels, 564ppi. HTC 10 Evo vs HTC 10: Camera. HTC 10 Evo: 16MP, f/2.0, PDAF, OIS. HTC 10: 12MP, f/1.8, laser AF, OIS rear; 5MP front. HTC 10 Evo vs HTC 10: Hardware. HTC 10 Evo: Qualcomm Snapdragon 810, 3GB RAM, 32GB storage, microSD. HTC 10: Qualcomm Snapdragon 820, 4GB RAM, 32GB storage, microSD. HTC 10 Evo vs HTC 10: Software. HTC 10 Evo: Android 7.0 with HTC Sense. HTC 10: Android 6.0 with HTC Sense. When is Android 7.1 Nougat coming to my phone?. HTC 10 Evo vs HTC 10: Conclusion. HTC has announced the HTC 10 Evo , adding another. beautiful metal unibody smartphone to its portfolio.. The HTC 10 Evo carries many of the same specs as the Sprint-exclusive HTC Bolt , but how does it compare to the flagship HTC 10 ?. Read on as we run down the specs of these two premium devices.. The HTC 10 Evo and the HTC 10 both offer solid, premium, designs with all-metal construction and a lovely chamfered finish at the edges. Both have fingerprint sensors on the front, a large circular camera on the rear and USB Type-C at the bottom.. The HTC 10 Evo has a dual-LED flash positioned above the antenna line on the rear, while the HTC has the dual flash and laser focusing to the right of the camera lens, distinguishing the two devices.. The HTC 10 Evo is also slightly bigger and weighing, measuring 153.9 x 77.2mm and weighing 174g compared to the HTC 10's 145.9 x 71.9mm body and 161g weight. The HTC 10 Evo has a thickness of 8.3mm, while the HTC 10's thickest point is 9mm, mostly due to the latter device having a curved design and the former being flat.. The killer difference, however, is that the HTC 10 Evo has an IP57 rating, making it water resistant, something that the HTC 10 can't claim.. The HTC 10 Evo features a 5.5-inch Super LCD 3 display with a Quad HD resolution resulting in a pixel density of 534ppi. It is protected by Corning Gorilla Glass 5 which is said to be better at resisting knocks and tumbles, with a slight curve to the edge.. The HTC 10's display is slightly smaller than the Evo at 5.2-inches. It opts for a Super LCD 5 display but sticks to the 2560 x 1440 resolution, squeezing a few more pixels in per inch at 564ppi. It too is protected by Corning Gorilla Glass.. The HTC 10 Evo obviously offers more space, but the HTC 10 display looks much better, offering better vibrancy and colour, as well as having a higher pixel density due to its smaller size. Fans of big will go for the Evo, but the 10. The HTC 10 Evo has a 16-megapixel rear camera that offers an aperture of f/2.0 and a 28mm focal length. There is phase detection autofocus on board for 0.3-second focusing, along with optical image stabilisation (OIS) and manual control over most of the settings.. The HTC 10 has a 12-megapixel rear camera with 1.55µm pixels, an f/1.8 aperture and a 26mm focal length with an 80-degree wide angle. It uses laser autofocus but it too has OIS and manual control, along with RAW capture, like the HTC 10 Evo.. In terms of front-facing snappers, the HTC 10 Evo has an 8-megapixel sensor with a f/2.4 aperture, 29mm focal length and Auto HDR. The HTC 10 opts for a 5-megapixel camera with 1.34µm pixels, a wider f/1.8 aperture and a 23mm focal length with a 86-degree wide angle. It also has Auto HDR, but it adds OIS too.. The HTC 10 Evo has 2015's Qualcomm Snapdragon 810 processor, coupled with 3GB of RAM and 32GB of internal storage. MicroSD is supported up to 2TB and there is a 3200mAh battery on board too.. The HTC 10 opts for this year's Qualcomm Snapdragon 820 chip, 4GB of RAM and provides storage options of 32GB or 64GB. Both have expandable storage via microSD up to 2TB and Marshmallow's Flex storage is supported. There is a 3000mAh battery under the hood.. Both the HTC 10 Evo and the HTC 10 offer Hi-Res Audio support. The HTC 10 Evo has HTC's BoomSound Adaptive Audio and comes with BoomSound Adaptive Audio Hi-Res earphones, while the HTC 10 has BoomSound Hi-Fi Edition, Dolby Audio and Hi-Res audio headphones. However, the HTC 10 Evo uses USB Type-C for its headphones, not 3.5mm.. Both devices come with Hi-Res headphones in the box.. The HTC 10 Evo runs on Android 7.0 with HTC Sense, while the HTC 10 runs on Android 6.0 with HTC Sense, though it will be updated to the latest software fairly soon.. The HTC Sense bloatware has been significantly refined in comparison to previous devices, offering users a close to pure Android experience with some additional apps, rather than a complete overhaul.. When the HTC 10 is updated, the software experience between these two devices should be almost identical.. The HTC 10 Evo and the HTC 10 are pretty similar when it comes to design quality and specifications. The HTC 10 costs £570, while we're still waiting to here the. The HTC 10 is lighter, smaller, has more RAM, a better, sharper, display and better. It also has a wider aperture on both its front and rear cameras, as well as OIS on the front and importantly, a newer, more powerful chipset powering it.. The HTC 10 Evo on the other hand has a larger battery capacity, a larger screen, higher resolution front and rear cameras (though it's not all about megapixels) and it runs on the latest software from the box. The Evo offers adaptive audio to automatically tune the headphones to your ears and importantly, offers that IP57 rating.. Mobile World Congress 2018: All the latest from Samsung, Sony, Nokia, Huawei, Moto and more at MWC 2018. Sony MWC 2018 press conference: How to watch it live. Nokia 8 Sirocco initial review: The high-end Nokia looking to steal Samsung's crown. Best Samsung Galaxy S9 and S9+ deals: 12 months free Netflix and 7 days early. Samsung Galaxy S9 and S9+: Everything you need to know. Sony Xperia dual camera system teases future low light supremacy. Samsung Galaxy S9+ initial review: A whole new camera experience. Nokia 7 Plus initial review: Shooting for mid-range glory. Nokia 6 (2018) initial review: Essential upgrades bring a boost. Sony Xperia XZ2 Compact initial review: Potent little package. 2003 - 2018 © Pocket-lint Limited PO Box 4770, Ascot, SL5 5DP. England and Wales company registration number 5237480.. 
The Xperia XZ2 is Sony's fastest, strangest flagship phone yet. OnePlus 5T will only play HD Netflix if you send it in for service. Galaxy S9 US pre-orders focus on trade-in deals. Lenovo's Yoga 730 is a cheaper 2-in-1 with Alexa support. The Xperia XZ2 is Sony's fastest, strangest flagship phone yet. Sony will sell its wireless 'open-ear' buds in the US. Tesla's electric trucks may be more cost-effective than expected. HTC's 10 Evo is its first phone you can only buy online. It has some stiff competition in the OnePlus 3T.. A couple of weeks ago, HTC launched its latest smartphone, the Bolt , as an exclusive device for US carrier Sprint. But as it turns out, that partnership isn't as exclusive as first thought, for today the company has announced the Bolt will be coming to Europe, including the UK, under a new name: The HTC 10 Evo.. Gallery: HTC 10 Evo | 17 Photos. You'd be right in thinking "Evo" was shorthand for evolution, but the new handset is actually pitched as a sub-flagship, filling a niche between the One A9 and HTC 10. In a couple of ways, the Evo is actually better than the device it sits beneath. It boasts an IP57 dust and waterproofing rating, for example, as well as an 8-megapixel front-facing camera with panoramic selfie mode. The handset also runs Android 7.0 Nougat out of the box, which the HTC 10 hasn't been updated to just yet.. Then there are the new USB-C "adaptive earphones" included with the device. One of the HTC 10's clever features allows you to set up a personalised audio profile, but this requires the user to listen to a bunch of tones and report back. On the HTC 10 Evo, however, the fancy new earphones send out a lone ping and create this profile automatically. HTC imagines this feature will be oft-used, as it's convenient enough that you can quickly recalibrate when you jump off that noisy train and start your quiet walk home, which might benefit from a different audio profile.. Otherwise, though, the Evo is lower specced than the flagship 10, but not by much. We're talking 3GB of RAM and 32 gigs of expandable storage, an octa-core Snapdragon 810 processor, fingerprint sensor, 3,200mAh battery and 16-megapixel (f/2.0) primary camera with phase detection autofocus (no UltraPixels here). All in all, a pretty powerful device, and one that looks the part too.. In fact, the Evo looks a lot like the gorgeous HTC 10. The newer device has a flat back instead of a curved one though, because the larger chassis needed to accommodate the bigger, 5.5-inch Quad HD display gave HTC more room to pack in all the necessaries. While the Bolt is exclusive to Sprint in the US, HTC isn't partnering with any carriers in Europe to help shift the HTC 10 Evo. Instead, the company is doing something it's never done before by only selling the device online. In the UK, at least, HTC doesn't appear to have the greatest relationship with mobile networks. The HTC 10 was something of a return to form for the company, and yet two of the four major carriers -- Vodafone and O2 -- decided to ignore the device .. But HTC wants to target a different type of consumer with the 10 Evo. One that doesn't tend to tie themselves into contracts and prefers to buy their phone outright. For a company that's benefitted from carrier partners in the past, though, therein lies a new challenge.. We don't know exactly when the HTC 10 Evo will launch or how much it's going to cost, but we're told it'll be available soon for somewhere between £450 and £500 in the UK. That's a pretty penny, especially considering you can pick up an HTC 10 for around £500 right now, but then the Evo is a well-built device with an impressive spec sheet of its own.. Whatever price HTC decides on, it will at least be on the fringes of competitive, but there is an elephant in the room. It's called the OnePlus 3T , it arrives in the UK at the end of November, and though it only sports a 5.5-inch 1080p display, it starts at £399 for one monster of a spec sheet.. gear , hands-on , htc , htc10 , htc10evo , htcbolt , mobile , smartphone. Part man, part caffeine, Jamie has fought his way here to the castle beyond the Goblin City to explore tech, watch Nic Cage movies and suck at video games. Lenovo's Yoga 730 is a cheaper 2-in-1 with Alexa support. The company also announced the Flex 14 at Mobile World Congress.. The Xperia XZ2 is Sony's fastest, strangest flagship phone yet. And as usual, it has a tiny, equally powerful sibling.. Sony will sell its wireless 'open-ear' buds in the US. The Xperia Ear Duo lets you hear both the outside world and your music.. Tesla's electric trucks may be more cost-effective than expected. DHL thinks it could recoup the money in just a year and a half.. Canon's entry-level Rebel T7 DSLR targets social media users. It costs just $550 with an 18-55mm f/3.5-5.6 kit lens.. © 2018 Oath Tech Network Aol Tech. ear icon eye icon text file vr. 
Home Shop MWC News Reviews Features Opinions Videos The Gadgets 360 Show Cell Guru Prime Tech Smartphone Reviews Tech and Gadget Reviews How-To Videos Video Game Reviews and Features Top Lists by Gadgets 360 Unboxing and Hands-On Videos Podcasts Compare Mobiles Phone Finder DEALS. Mobiles Tablets Apps Gaming Cameras PC/Laptops AUDIO/VIDEO How To Telecom Science INDIA INTERNET SOCIAL MEDIA WEARABLES हिंदी. Home Mobiles Mobiles News. HTC 10 evo Launched: Price, Release Date, Specifications, and More. Ketan Pratap , 22 November 2016. Share on Facebook Tweet Share Share Email Reddit Comment. HTC 10 evo is a global variant of the HTC Bolt. It has been priced at TWD 17,990 (approximately Rs. It will be going on sale in Taiwan. HTC has unveiled the new HTC 10 evo smartphone in Taiwan. The new HTC 10-series smartphone has been also listed on the company's UK site. The HTC 10 evo is the global variant of the Sprint-exclusive HTC Bolt which was launched recently in the US.. Much like the HTC Bolt , the HTC 10 evo will be available in Gunmetal, Silver, and Gold colours. The smartphone is now available to pre-order in Taiwan from the company's E-Store. It has been priced at TWD 17,990 (approximately Rs. 38,500) for the 32GB variant while the 64GB variant has been priced at TWD 19,900 (approximately Rs. The company website confirms that the HTC 10 evo will start shipping in Taiwan from November 28. Unfortunately, there is no word when the smartphone will be available in UK, or mention of its UK pricing.. One of the biggest highlights of the HTC 10 evo is it packs USB Type C-enabled headphones. The HTC 10 evo smartphone also comes with support for HTC BoomSound Adaptive Audio.. The HTC 10 evo smartphone, similar to the HTC Bolt, features a 5.5-inch QHD (1440x2560 pixels) display with Corning Gorilla Glass 5, and sports a water-resistant aluminium build. Running Android 7.0 Nougat out-of-the-box, HTC 10 evo comes with features like split-screen view, free unlimited photo storage with Google Photos app, and inbuilt Google Duo video calling app. The handset sports fingerprint scanner below the display which is claimed to unlock the device in just 0.2 seconds.. One of the biggest questionable hardware choices made by HTC for the HTC 10 evo (and the HTC Bolt) is putting the date Qualcomm Snapdragon 810 under the hood, which is known to be responsible for heating issues with many smartphones. It packs 3GB of RAM and supports expandable storage via microSD card (up to 2TB).. It sports a 16-megapixel rear camera which comes with OIS (optical image stabilisation), 4K video recording, and PDAF (phase detection autofocus). There is an 8-megapixel front-facing camera on-board as well and the smartphone also features screen flash. The HTC 10 evo packs a 3200mAh battery and supports Qualcomm Quick Charge 2.0 fast charging technology.. For the latest smartphone launches by Samsung, Nokia, Sony, Asus, and other MWC 2018 announcements, visit our MWC hub .. HTC 10 evo Launched in India at Rs. 48,990: Release Date, Specifications, and More. HTC Desire 10 Pro First Impressions: Great Design, 'Pro' Camera. HTC 10 evo to Launch in India in Late December, Company Confirms. HTC 10 evo Launched: Price, Release Date, Specifications, and More. More HTC mobiles HTC mobiles price in India. Further reading: Android , HTC 10 , HTC 10 evo Price , HTC 10 evo Specifications , HTC Bolt , HTC Mobiles , Mobiles. Ketan Pratap Email Ketan. Ketan Pratap covers daily news and rumours at Gadgets 360. He attended IIMC (Indian Institute of Mass Communication), majoring in English Journalism. Donald Trump Picks Net Neutrality Opponents to Lead FCC Transition. Mobile Phone Shipments in India to Touch 265 Million This Year, Predicts CMR. HTC 10 evo Launched: Price, Release Date, Specifications, and More. Samsung Galaxy S9 और Galaxy S9+ स्मार्टफोन लॉन्च. Nokia 1 एंड्रॉयड गो स्मार्टफोन हुआ लॉन्च. LG V30S ThinQ के साथ MWC 2018 में एलजी ने दी दस्तक. Samsung Galaxy S9, Galaxy S9+ Launched: What's New?. Why Game of Thrones Creators Writing Star Wars Might Be a Bad, Bad Idea. Design by User Feedback? The Customer Isn't Always Right. PS4 Is a Best-Seller but Here Are 4 Reasons It's Far From Perfect. Canon EOS 1500D, EOS 3000D Entry-Level DSLRs Launched in India BSNL Partners Nokia for Rollout of 4G VoLTE Services Sony Unveils Xperia Ear Duo to Answer Apple AirPods, Samsung Gear IconX Sony Xperia XZ2, Xperia XZ2 Compact With 18:9 Displays Launched at MWC Mi MIX 2S With Snapdragon 845 Confirmed by Xiaomi; Launching on March 27 Huawei Launches Windows Laptop and Android Tablet at MWC 2018 Samsung Galaxy S9, Galaxy S9+ Pre-Orders Now Open in India ZTE Tempo Go Is Its First Smartphone That Runs Android Oreo (Go Edition) Samsung's Foldable Smartphone Isn't a Gimmick, Claims CEO Huawei P20 Flagship Smartphone Launch Set for March 27. Nokia 7 Plus Is an Android One Phone With Dual Rear Cameras, Zeiss Optics Samsung Galaxy S9, Galaxy S9+ Pre-Orders Now Open in India Samsung Galaxy S9, Galaxy S9+ With Improved Cameras, AR Emoji Launched Nokia 8110 4G Is a 'Slider' Feature Phone With Google, Facebook Apps OnePlus 5, OnePlus 5T HD Content Streaming Issue Fixed, With a Catch Vodafone to Offer 4.5GB Data Per Day for 28 Days at Rs. 799: Report Nokia 7 Plus vs Nokia 7 Samsung Galaxy S9 a Worthy Upgrade? A Look at What's New Nokia 8 Sirocco With Dual Cameras, Stainless Steel Frame Launched at MWC Nokia 6 (2018) Android One Phone With Snapdragon 630 Launched at MWC 2018. Sitemaps Archives Advertise About Us Feedback Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions Complaint Redressal Careers Contact Us RSS Ethics Gadgets Hindi. © Copyright Red Pixels Ventures Limited 2018. Fields marked with * are mandatory. 
Recent Posts ‘Extended’ Sony Xperia XZ2 and XZ2 Compact feature new designs, Snapdragon 845 power Lenovo 500e and 300e Chromebooks are now available with advanced Touch and Pen features Lenovo unveils Yoga 730 with Alexa and Cortana, Flex 14 with Active Pen included Huawei MateBook X Pro: The ‘Pro’ is for progress (Video) More Galaxy S9 pricing and availability info comes from T-Mobile, AT&T, Verizon and Best Buy Recent Comments Anonymous on CES 2018 will not be graced by FCC chairman Ajit Pai Anonymous on Pixel 2 XL does not charge at full 18W allowed by adapter Anonymous on iPhone 8 and iPhone X cases made by Apple will allow for wireless charging Anonymous on Apple Store in China had just two customers in line for iPhone 8 Anonymous on Galaxy S8 will feature software navigation buttons and launch March 29 Archives February 2018 January 2018 December 2017 November 2017 October 2017 September 2017 August 2017 July 2017 June 2017 May 2017 April 2017 March 2017 February 2017 January 2017 December 2016 November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 June 2015 May 2015 April 2015 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 October 2014 September 2014 August 2014 July 2014 June 2014 May 2014 April 2014 March 2014 February 2014 January 2014 December 2013 November 2013 October 2013 September 2013 August 2013 July 2013 June 2013 May 2013 April 2013 March 2013 February 2013 January 2013 December 2012 November 2012 October 2012 September 2012 August 2012 July 2012 June 2012 May 2012 April 2012 March 2012 February 2012 January 2012 December 2011 November 2011 October 2011 September 2011 August 2011 July 2011 June 2011 May 2011 April 2011 March 2011 February 2011 January 2011 December 2010 November 2010 October 2010 September 2010 August 2010 July 2010 June 2010 May 2010 April 2010 March 2010 February 2010 January 2010 December 2009 November 2009 October 2009 September 2009 August 2009 July 2009 June 2009 May 2009 April 2009 March 2009 February 2009 January 2009 December 2008 November 2008 October 2008 September 2008 August 2008 July 2008 June 2008 May 2008 April 2008 March 2008 February 2008 January 2008 December 2007 November 2007 October 2007 September 2007 August 2007 July 2007 June 2007 May 2007 April 2007 March 2007 February 2007 January 2007 December 2006 November 2006 October 2006 September 2006 August 2006 July 2006 June 2006 May 2006 April 2006 March 2006 February 2006 January 2006 December 2005 November 2005 October 2005 September 2005 August 2005 July 2005 June 2005 May 2005 April 2005 March 2005 February 2005 January 2005 December 2004 November 2004 October 2004 September 2004 August 2004 July 2004 June 2004 May 2004 April 2004 March 2004 February 2004 January 2004 December 2003 November 2003 October 2003 September 2003 August 2003 July 2003 June 2003 May 2003 April 2003 March 2003 February 2003 January 2003 December 2002 November 2002 October 2002 September 2002 August 2002 July 2002 June 2002 May 2002 April 2002 March 2002 February 2002 January 2002 December 2001 November 2001 October 2001 September 2001 August 2001 July 2001 June 2001 May 2001 April 2001 March 2001 February 2001 January 2001 December 2000 November 2000 October 2000 August 2000 July 2000 June 2000 May 2000 Categories Accessories Android BlackBerry Interview iOS Other OS Phones Reviews Security & Privacy Tablets Uncategorized Wearables Windows Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org. Reviews Editorials Videos Podcast Deals Pocketnow en Español. Reviews Editorials Videos Podcast Deals Pocketnow en Español. HTC 10 evo launches as the global HTC Bolt. Jules Wang November 22, 2016 1:00 am. What’s good for the goose should be great for the gander. For Sprint, we saw the HTC Bolt come to life. As a global device, it is officially the HTC 10 evo .. The metal-bodied HTC 10 evo is stacked with all the same components as the Bolt, including a 5.5-inch quad HD display using an older Super LCD 3 with a curved edge Gorilla Glass 5 panel. A Qualcomm Snapdragon 810 (yep, not the 820) runs Android Nougat and Sense UI with 3GB of RAM and 32GB of storage with microSD expansion available of up to 2TB. The 3,200mAh battery is compatible with Qualcomm Quick Charge 2.0.. The 16-megapixel rear BSI sensor has an f/2.0 aperture, OIS. The front unit has 8 megapixels of resolution.. BoomSound is only available via USB-C audio (on the USB 2.0 standard), — no 3.5mm headphone jack here, folks — but in return, you have IP57 ingress resistance. In terms of water resistance, that takes us down to 1 meter for 30 minutes.. Wi-Fi ac is available as is Bluetooth 4.1 and a fingerprint sensor.. Various regions will receive the HTC 10 evo in Gunmetal, Glacier Silver and Pearl Gold starting this month.. Sculpted by Light, Illuminated by Sound: HTC 10 evo ushers in the next evolution in smartphones. Never miss a beat with HTC BoomSoundTM Adaptive Audio,  the world’s first USB Type-C dual adaptive earphones where sound is tailored to you. 22, 2016 – Pulse-pounding audio that adapts to the unique structure of your own ears. Eye-popping, all-metal design that glistens in light as much as in water. This is a smartphone unlike any you have seen before. HTC Corporation, a leading innovator in mobile and virtual reality technology, today announced the HTC 10 evo , a dramatic evolution of HTC’s renowned sculpted-by-light style that introduces the world’s first USB Type-C dual adaptive earphones that tailor sound to your ears’ unique hearing abilities for a truly illuminating audio experience. The HTC 10 evo also features an all-metal unibody that is water, splash, and dust resistant 1 .. Think what music tuned to your ears would sound like. The HTC 10 evo takes audio to an unprecedented new level with HTC BoomSoundTM Adaptive Audio, which almost instantly adapts your audio to sound levels around you, keeping you in the zone of the music and sound you’re enjoying. Pushing the multimedia experience even further, the HTC 10 evo has a big, 5.5-inch display to show stunning visuals for vivid gaming, movies, and more. And of course it’s an HTC, so you know the design is gorgeous, further advancing the renowned HTC design legacy pioneered by HTC 10 with more precise contours that catch light beautifully.. Adaptive Audio tuned to you. Imagine relaxing in the quiet of your home, enjoying some quality time by yourself to listen to a favorite new album. You plug your HTC BoomSound Adaptive Audio earphones into your HTC 10 evo and the sound adapts to your unique ear structure and the quiet home environment.. Later that day, you’re taking the train into the city to visit a friend, and with a few taps HTC BoomSound Adaptive Audio adjusts to the noisier environment. This tuning process happens quickly and easily, and once it’s done you’ll experience music and movies with notes, nuances and tones that sound clearer than you believed possible. It even includes Hi-Res audio for spectacularly realistic 24-bit sound making you feel like you’re right there in the movie theater, nightclub, or concert hall.. Also in a first for HTC, the HTC 10 evo includes USB Type-C adaptive earphones right in the box2 so you can enjoy spectacular adaptive sound from day one. The earphones feature rumbling bass and pitch-perfect treble in a beautiful, style design that fits in at the gym, on the street, or wherever you go.. “I’ve been a huge fan of music all my life, and the HTC 10 evo has the most awesome sound I’ve ever experienced in a smartphone,” said Guy Chriqui, member of HTC’s Elevate community of smartphone enthusiasts. “The capabilities of the HTC BoomSound Adaptive Audio earphones are unbelievable in how they match the sound to my ears. I’ve never heard anything like it before!”. With such amazing audio on your smartphone, you’ll want to take it everywhere – but is it safe to do so? Fortunately, the HTC 10 evo’s full metal unibody is water, splash, and dust resistant with an IP57 rating1, so you can rest easy that it will withstand dunks or spills. It has further been subjected to a multitude of grueling drop, bend, scratch, submersion, climate, and corrosion tests, which means you’ll enjoy exceptional build quality and style that you can take almost anywhere from hiking to mountain biking, no matter what the weather – sun, rain or snow.. Adding to the HTC 10 evo’s rugged build is a big 5.5” display covered by Corning® Gorilla® Glass 5. A new glass solution that helps your phone resist life’s inevitable knocks and tumbles. So now dropping your phone while taking selfies doesn’t automatically mean a smashed screen3. And while Gorilla Glass 5 is tougher than ever, it doesn’t compromise optical clarity or touch sensitivity. Giving you the ultimate combination of drop protection and performance.. Whether you’re in town or out hiking, incredible moments can happen when you least expect them, so the HTC 10 evo’s 16MP camera has OIS (Optical Image Stabilization) that reduces camera shake to capture sharp photographs on the go in almost any environment, even in low light. With quick camera launch time and an ultra-fast autofocus of up to 0.3s with Phase Detection Auto Focus, you’ll be sure to capture the perfect shot every time.. The HTC 10 evo features Pro mode to give you pro-like control over your photography. Besides the advanced options you’d expect, such as RAW capture, RAW enhancement and manual control over almost every setting on the camera, you now also get the ability to take photos with long exposure times for perfectly mastering the motion of light in your photography.. You’ll get seriously awesome selfies with the HTC 10 evo, too. Featuring an 8MP front camera with Auto HDR, your selfies will show vivid detail to bring out not just your smile but also the environment behind you. A super-wide panorama mode lets you capture your whole family with room to spare, and an integrated screen flash ensures the shot looks great even at night or in dimly lit indoors.. Running the latest Android 7.0 Nougat out of the box, the HTC 10 evo offers all the powerful features you would expect from the latest flagship smartphone, including split-screen view, quicker multitasking, new security settings, and much more.. The HTC 10 evo’s built-in fingerprint sensor lets you unlock your phone at the touch of your finger – in as little as 0.2 seconds. Your fingerprint can also be the key to easily unlock apps locked by the App Lock function in Boost+. Even better, Boost+ also keeps your phone in top condition by cleaning up junk files and dynamically allocating resources like phone memory as required, ensuring your phone is running smoothly with maximum battery life.. HTC Freestyle Layout frees you from an on-screen grid and lets you make your phone as unique as you are. Drag icons, stickers and widgets anywhere. Layer them, overlap them, group them and more. You can even link stickers to apps, and get rid of on-screen icons entirely. The home screen is yours to use your way.. Powers users can rejoice that all these features are powered by a big 3,200mAh battery, enough for up to a day or more use on a single charge. And if you need to recharge quickly, the HTC 10 evo features Qualcomm® Quick ChargeTM technology, so you can charge your phone fast4. Load up on photos, videos, movies, and games with the HTC 10 evo’s 3GB RAM and either 32GB or 64GB storage space5, expandable with optional SD cards for up to 2TB of space so your storage needs are covered now and far into the future.. The HTC 10 evo, available in Gunmetal, Glacier Silver, or Pearl Gold6, brings the next evolution in smartphone design and performance to regions worldwide beginning November 2016. Please see htc.com for detailed specifications and more information.. Notes to editors:  1 HTC 10 evo has an IP57 rating and is water, splash and dust resistant. Normal wear and tear may decrease splash and water resistance over time. Do not intentionally submerge HTC 10 evo. Do not attempt to charge or otherwise use the USB Type-C port on a wet HTC 10 evo. For drying instructions and tips on maintaining water resistance, consult the user guide, support site, or the Help app on the device. Liquid damage may not be covered under warranty. 2 Inbox accessories may vary from country to country. Please check with an authorized retailer or operator for availability. 3 Drop test conducted up to 1.6m surviving up to 80% of the time. 4 Battery charge duration may vary based on cellular network, location, signal strength, feature configurations, phone usage, and many other factors. 5 Available storage is less due to phone software. Available storage is subject to change based on phone software updates and apps usage. 6 Availability of colors varies by market and timing.. HTC Corporation aims to bring brilliance to life. As a global innovator in smart mobile devices and technology, HTC has produced award-winning products and industry firsts since its inception in 1997, including the critically acclaimed HTC One and Desire lines of smartphones. The pursuit of brilliance is at the heart of everything we do, inspiring best-in-class design and game-changing mobile and virtual reality experiences for consumers around the world. HTC is listed on the Taiwan Stock Exchange (TWSE: 2498). HTC, HTC One and the HTC logo are the trademarks of HTC Corporation. All other names of companies and products mentioned herein may be the trademarks of their respective owners.. announcement , Bolt , boomsound , Global , HTC , HTC 10 evo , News. announcement , Bolt , boomsound , Global , HTC , HTC 10 evo , News. Jules Wang is News Editor for Pocketnow and one of the hosts of the Pocketnow Weekly Podcast. He came onto the team in 2014 as an intern editing and producing videos and the podcast while he was studying journalism at Emerson College. He graduated the year after and entered into his current position at Pocketnow, full-time.. Check out our MWC 2018 coverage!. ‘Extended’ Sony Xperia XZ2 and XZ2 Compact feature new designs, Snapdragon 845 power. Lenovo 500e and 300e Chromebooks are now available with advanced Touch and Pen features. Lenovo unveils Yoga 730 with Alexa and Cortana, Flex 14 with Active Pen included. Huawei MateBook X Pro: The ‘Pro’ is for progress (Video). 56% off this sturdy, transparent iPhone X case. Shock-proof bluetooth speakers with battery life of 30 hours! — 33% off. Pay what you want for this Python learning bundle. Prolong long-term battery life of your smartphone with this Qi wireless charger. No breaks for Huawei or HTC | #PNWeekly 292. Death, lawsuits and the OnePlus X2 | #PNWeekly 291. 5G crisis, 10GB RAM, Huawei P20 potentials | #PNWeekly 290. Why do Sony Xperia phones still exist? “The next paradigm shift.”. Tim Cook: $999 is “value price” for iPhone X because of EIPs and “discounts”. Panay: Surface Pro 5? How about “meaningful change” with your “Surface Pro Next.... Huawei MateBook X Pro: The ‘Pro’ is for progress (Video). Huawei MediaPad M5 & M5 Pro Hands-On (Video). LG V30S+ ThinQ Hands-On: “Dat name, tho!” (Video). About Us Contact Us Tip Us Terms and Conditions Privacy Policy. All rights reserved, Hagshama Keebali Investments Two General Partnership. Pocketnow.com - Smartphone, Tablet, and Wearable reviews, videos, editorials, and news. 
Stay logged in | Having trouble?. Sign up or login to join the discussions!. Sign up to comment and more. HTC 10 Evo (Bolt) revives Snapdragon 810, everyone wonders why. When you can buy an HTC 10 with modern hardware for less, what's the point of the Evo?. - Nov 22, 2016 2:07 pm UTC. Specs at a glance: HTC 10 Evo (Bolt). 5.5 inch, Quad HD (2560x1440, 534 pixels per inch) Super LCD 3 with Gorilla Glass 5. Qualcomm Snapdragon 810 (octa-core up to 2.0GHz). 32GB or 64GB, plus micro SD expansion. 802.11 Wi-Fi a/b/g/n/ac (2.4 & 5 GHz). 16MP camera, OIS, PDAF, and f/2.0 lens. 2G: 850/900/1800/1900MHz; 3G: 850/900/1900/2100MHz; 4G: FDD bands 1, 3, 5, 7, 8, 20, 28; TDD bands 38, 40, 41. Quick Charge 0.0 support, 24-bit DSP and DAC. According to HTC, the HTC 10 Evo—known as the HTC Bolt and sold exclusively by Sprint in the US—is the ideal phone for the lucrative £450-£500 smartphone market (its exact price is TBC). It's a market dominated by companies that sell last-generation flagships which once sold for upwards of £600 at cut-down prices, it says, and phones from the likes of Huawei and ZTE that contain own-brand chipsets rather than full-blown Qualcomm Snapdragons. The HTC 10 Evo, with its full-metal body, large 1440p display, and Snapdragon SoC should, on paper at least, cover that segment nicely.. Except I don't know why anyone in their right mind would buy one.. The HTC 10 Evo is powered by a Snapdragon 810, an octa-core SoC that first made an appearance in 2014, and was used in HTC's M9 during 2015. Which is not to say that the 810 makes the Evo slow. Indeed, performance under Android 7.0 Nougat was fine during a brief hands-on. But a brand new, unlocked 32GB HTC 10—which Ars named one of the best Android smartphones released this year —costs less than £500 from numerous online stores. This is a phone that packs the latest (or near-enough latest) Snapdragon 820, 4GB of RAM, and a 3,000mAh battery inside a slick metal chassis.. In the US, where the HTC Bolt is sold for $599 on Sprint, you can buy a a brand new, unlocked HTC 10 directly from HTC's website for $499 .. How HTC expects anyone to buy a phone that has a two-year-old SoC when it also sells one with a much newer chip—for the same price or less—is a mystery. Hell, OnePlus will sell you the OnePlus 3T for just £400 ($439)—and that comes with a Snapdragon 821, 6GB of RAM, 64GB of storage, and similarly great build-quality and materials. It's hard to see where the Evo makes sense.. But what the hey, let's give it a go.. The HTC 10 Evo is well built.. There's a microSD card slot for memory expansion.. The volume rocker and power button.. There's no headphone jack, just a USB Type-C port.. The front-facing camera has been given a boost to 8MP.. The Evo alongside a Google Pixel XL.. The Evo is comfy phone to hold, despite the large screen.. Further Reading HTC 10 review: HTC has built the best Android flagship of 2016. Outwardly, the HTC 10 Evo shares the same design language as the HTC 10, with an all-metal body and a clean front-fascia free from any lurid branding. Because the bright and colourful 1440p LCD display has been widened out to 5.5 inches (dropping the pixel density to 534 PPI—not that you'd ever notice), the curve on the rear has been reduced, resulting in a much flatter, and arguably more modern-feeling back. It's a wee bit thinner than the HTC 10 too at 8.09mm, and thanks to its small. bezels the Evo is surprisingly comfortable to hold for such a large phone.. The fast fingerprint-scanner on the front of the HTC 10 has been brought over and works just as well, along with the capacitive back and multitasking buttons. Both the front- and rear-facing cameras have been given a boost, going from 5MP to 8MP on the front, and 12MP to 16MP on the rear. However, they are slightly worse in all other respects, with HTC replacing the fast laser-autofocus with phase-detection autofocus, and dropping the aperture from f/1.8 to f/2.0.. As mentioned, the Evo is powered by an octa-core Snapdragon 810, a 64-bit SoC made up of four ARM Cortex A57 CPU cores, four ARM Cortex A53 cores, a 2.0GHz clock speed, and an Adreno 430 GPU. That's paired with 32GB of microSD expandable storage and 3GB of RAM. The 810 is still fast, even on the GPU side, but given how quickly Android is dropping support for older SoCs these days, it's not the best idea to spend £500 on a phone with one inside. That's not to mention all the heat and power improvements built into the 820, which help with battery life.. That said, HTC has stuck a large 3,200mAh battery inside the Evo, along with Quick Charge 2.0 support, which it claims will last "all day." Android 7.0 is included and essentially stock (hooray!), and for the first time, HTC has made a somewhat water-resistant phone too. The Evo is IP57 rated for immersion between 15 centimetres and one metre of water.. Despite HTC normally banging on about audio—and admittedly, I'm a bit obsessed with it too—I haven't mentioned the Evo's headphone jack yet. That's because, like the Apple iPhone 7 , it doesn't have one. Instead, headphone audio is pumped out via the USB 2.0 Type-C jack on the bottom of the phone. And, just like the iPhone 7, it's a silly move that makes things just that little bit less convenient for consumers. Sure, HTC bundles in a pair of good "high-res certified" in-ear headphones. And yes, wireless Bluetooth headphones work fine.. But the beauty of the headphone jack is in its ubiquity: wireless headphones run out of charge. Wires on wired headphones, the USB-C connector included, often break. Removing the option of plugging in any pair you like is a user inconvenience that could otherwise be avoided. What's more, nearly all high-end audiophile headphones are wired.. Still, HTC's solution is better than Apple's. All the audio processing is done inside the phone—with the same excellent 24-bit DAC and amplifier used in the HTC 10—instead of in the headphones. That means unlike Apple's terrible-sounding, and expensive, dongle, any cheap USB-C-to-3.5mm adapter will let you use your existing headphones just fine. It's a shame HTC doesn't give you one in the Evo's box, though.. Further Reading Remember that time Nintendo got rid of the headphone jack?. It's another strange omission in what is altogether a strange phone. Either HTC doesn't know its own products or those of the competition, or (more likely) it's spinning up the PR machine in an attempt to shift a few units of a phone created for specific (and quite frankly weird) carrier demands in the US over here in the UK and Europe. I doubt anyone is going to fall for it.. The HTC 10 Evo will be sold exclusively through HTC.com later this month in two colours: "Gunmetal" and "Glacier Silver." It will not be sold via networks.. Now read our guide to the best smartphones of 2016 .. Mark is Consumer Editor at Ars Technica UK by day, and keen musician by night. He hails from the UK, the home of ARM, heavy metal, and superior chocolate. You must login or create an account to comment.. ← Previous story Next story →. Use of this Site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement (effective 1/2/14) and Privacy Policy (effective 1/2/14), and Ars Technica Addendum (effective 5/17/2012). View our Affiliate Link Policy. The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Condé Nast .. 
The next video is starting stop. HTC 10 Evo hands on review. Want to watch this again later?. Sign in to add this video to a playlist.. Sign in to report inappropriate content.. Sign in to make your opinion count.. Sign in to make your opinion count.. Rating is available when the video has been rented.. This feature is not available right now. A little surprise offering from HTC. Here's our hands on review on the new android handset from HTC.. When autoplay is enabled, a suggested video will automatically play next.. HTC 10 Evo vs HTC 10 - Comparison video. HTC 10 Evo hands on review [COMPLETE]. Unboxing HTC 10 EVO 2017 Grey. HTC 10 Evo review: Hands-on with HTC's big screen 10. iPhone 7 vs HTC 10 - Speed Test! (4K). HTC 10 evo (HTC Bolt) review. HTC 10 Evo Review: New on the outside, older on the inside. HTC 10 vs HTC 10 evo: Кто Лучше?!. HTC 10 EVO aka HTC Bolt Hands On. HTC 10 evo Vs HTC 10 Comparison. The Super Smartphone You've Never Heard Of.... HTC 10 EVO: First Look | Hands on | Launch [Hindi-हिन्दी]. Should You Buy HTC Desire 10 Pro in 2018 - Full Review!!!. How To Turn Any Android Phone Into An iPhone.... HTC 10 Bend Test - Scratch Test - Burn Test - Durability video. Sign in to add this to Watch Later. 
are now inclusive of VAT Details. All orders of 200.00 SAR or more on fulfilled by Souq items across any product category qualify for FREE shipping.. Changed your mind, you can return your product and get a full refund.. Pay for your order in cash at the moment the shipment is delivered to your doorstep. UAE Egypt Saudi Kuwait. Let us wish you a happy birthday!. Make sure to buy your groceries and daily needs. Let us wish you a happy birthday!. Let us wish you a happy birthday!. Day 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 28 29 30 31. Year 1999 1998 1997 1996 1995 1994 1993 1992 1991 1990 1989 1988 1987 1986 1985 1984 1983 1982 1981 1980 1979 1978 1977 1976 1975 1974 1973 1972 1971 1970 1969 1968 1967 1966 1965 1964 1963 1962 1961 1960 1959 1958 1957 1956 1955 1954 1953 1952 1951 1950 1949 1948 1947 1946 1945 1944 1943 1942 1941 1940 1939 1938 1937 1936 1935 1934 1933 1932 1931 1930 1929 1928 1927 1926 1925 1924 1923 1922 1921 1920 1919 1918 1917 1916 1915 1914 1913 1912 1911 1910 1909 1908 1907 1906 1905. Please fill in a complete birthday. Shop All Categories Supermarket Mobiles & Tablets Electronics Home & Furniture Baby & Toys Beauty & Perfumes Sports Automotive Brands. New Arrivals Women Men Kids Arabian Wear Sport Watches Featured Brands Outlet. Womens Clothing Shoes Jewelry Sunglasess Bags Watches. Mens Clothing Shoes Accessories Watches Wallets Sunglasess. Sports Women sports wear Men sportswear Women athlatic shoes Men athlatic shoes. Clothing Dresses Tops Pants Sportswear Lingerie Skirts Jackets & Coats Ethnic Wear Jeans Sleepwear Swimwear Abaya Hoodies. Bags Totes & Hobos Cross Body Bags Backpacks Duffle bags & sets Wallets. Shoes Athletic Casual shoes Heels Wedges Flats Slippers Sandals Boots. Watches Causal Watches Dress Watches Sport Watches Watch sets Jewelry Necklaces Earrings Bracelets & Charms Jewelry Sets Rings Socks Pendants. Eyewear Sunglasses Contact Lenses Optical Frames Aviator Wayfarer Cat Eye. Top Brands juicy couture fendi Burgi Ichi Quiz Ray-ban Tommy Hilfiger Guess Nine west DKNY Zeneve london Swarovski Michael Kors. Clothing Shirts T-shirts Polos Pants Shorts Sportswear Swimwear Boxers & Breifs Innerwear Sleepwear Jackets and Coats Hoodies and Jerseys Traditional wear. Shoes Athletic Casual Slippers Boots Sneakers. Eyewear Sunglasses Optical Frames Aviator Wayfarer Sport sunglasses. Watches Casual Watches Dress Watches Sport Watches Watch set Mens accessories Belts Cufflinks Socks Jewelry for Men Pens Hats and Caps. Bags & Wallets Backpacks Wallets Messenger bags. Top Brands Fred Perry Tommy Hilfiger Calvin klein Diesel Ray-ban Oakley Carrera Guess Lacoste JBW Casio Tissot. Top Brands Nike Reebok Skechers Puma adidas Anta Li-ning Peak N-18 Converse Timberland Fila. Women's sportswear Sports Tops Sports Tops Training Clothing Running Clothing Shop All Women's sport shoes Running shoes walking shoes Training shoes Fitness shoes Shop All. Men's sportswear Sport Tops Sports Pants & Shorts Sports Jackets Training Clothing Running Clothing Shop All Men's Sport shoes Running shoes walking shoes Training shoes Shop All. Top Brands JBW Casio Swarovski Emporio Armani Stuhrling Diesel Citizen Esprit Puma T5 DKNY Tommy Hilfiger Megir Burberry Fossil. Watches for men Casual Watches Dress Watches Sport Watches Watch set Trendy watches Chronograph Watches Automatic watches Bellow 99 SR Shop All. Watches for women Causal Watches Dress Watches Nightlife Watches Sport Watches Watch set Trendy watches Japanese watches Chronograph Watches Automatic watches Bellow 99 SR Shop All. Top Brands JBW Casio Swarovski Emporio Armani Micheal Kors Tommy Hilfiger Guess Zeneve London Ray ban Oakley Nike Reebok Calvin Klein Pandora. Women Clothing Guess Forever 21 BooHoo Jollychic GAP Women Shoes Aldo Missguided Michael Kors. Bags and wallets Michael kors Guess Tommy Hilfiger Coach Lauren By Ralph Lauren Zeneve London Levi's Dockers Steve madden. Jewelry and Acc Swarovski Emporio Armani MG Pandora Calvin Kline Tommy Hilfiger Sportswear Nike Reebok Skechers Puma Adidas Anta. Men Clothing Tommy Hilfiger Fred Perry Hugo Boss Polo Ralph Lauren Diesel VINSON Men Shoes Polo Ralph Lauren Fred Perry Timberland Clarks Jack and Jones. Watches JBW Casio Swarovski Emporio Armani Stuhrling Diesel Citizen Eyewear Ray Ban Oakley Coach Vogue Arnette. Beverages Food Cupboard Personal Care Home Care Baby World Pet World. Breakfast Biscuits Cereals Coffee Tea Powder Drinks Jams, Spreads & Honey Evaporated and Powder Milk Dairy Products. Cooking Products Syrup Creams & Entremets Flours & Surgar. Rice & Pulses Rice Pastas and Noodle. Spices & Condiments Oil & Ghee Vinegars & Dressings Condiments Salt, Pepper & Spices. Can Food Canned Fish Canned Vegetables. Personal Care Soap Shower Gel Deodorants & Antiperspirants Toothpaste & Mouthwash Toothbrush & Floss Hand Sanitizers Cotton Foot Care Feminine Hygiene Adult Diapers. Skin Care Face Care Body Care Sunscreen & tanning products. Hair Care Shampoos & Conditionners Hair coloration Hair Fixation. Men Grooming Men Deodorants & Antipersperants Shaving Gels, Foams & After Shaves Razors & Blades Condoms. Laundry Detergent Bleach Fabric Softener Stain Remover. Cleaning Supplies Dishwashing detergents All-purpose Cleaners Kitchen Cleaners Bathroom Cleaners Glass, floor & Surface Cleaners Cleaning tools (sponges, wipes, scouring pads). Paper & Plastic products Paper Towels & Napkins Toilet Paper Facial Tissue Disposable Food Storage Bags Cling Film & Aluminium Foil Trash Bags. Air Freshners Scented Candles & Oils Car Freshners. Diapers & Wipes pampers Huggies Sanita NUNU baby joy Pigeon. Baby Bath & Skin Care NUNU Pigeon Sebamed Dettol. New Arrival Honor 9 Lite Ctroniq Wiz 5 Plus Innjoo Fire 4 pro Huawei P Smart Figo HTC U11 Plus Samsung Galaxy A8 Plus Samsung Galaxy Note FE Samsung Galaxy A5 2017 Oppo A57 Oppo F5 Oppo F5 Youth. Mobiles Apple Samsung Honor Xiaomi Huawei Sony Innjoo Alcatel Shop All Best Mobiles Deals. Tablets Apple Samsung E-Readers Wifi + 3G/4G Tablet Accessories Shop All. Accessories Xiaomi Accessories Smartwatches Headsets Cases and Screen Protectors Powerbanks and Chargers Bluetooth Devices Virtual Reality Devices Shop All. TV, Audio & Video, Gaming LEDs & LCDs Home Theaters Speakers & Docks Headphones & Headsets Audio & Video players Gaming consoles Video Games TV Accessories Audio Accessories Gaming Accessories Shop All. Cameras Action Cameras DSLR & Mirrorless Point & Shoot Video & professional cameras Instant cameras Lenses & Flashes Surveillance & Security systems Camera Accessories Shop All. Computers & Laptops Desktops Laptops Covers, Cases & Bags Hard disk & software Printers, scanners & projectors Office Electronic Office Stationary & equipment Peripherals & Accessories PC Gaming Shop All. Small Appliances Food Preparation Vacuum & Steam Cleaner Irons Juice Extractors Coffee & Tea Makers Power Tools Shop all. Large Appliances Air Conditioners Refrigerators Washing Machines Ovens and Ranges Dish Washers Microwaves Water Dispensers Shop All. Musical instrument Drums & Percussions Acoustic String Instruments Electric String instruments Keyboards and Pianos Brass & woodwind instruments DJ & Karaoke equipment Amplifiers & Mixers Shop All. Furniture & Décor cabinets storage and organization office furniture Chairs & Sofa Tables Carpets & Rugs lamps & Lighting bean bags & Inflatables Wall Papers Drawings & Paintings Clocks Antique & Coins Mirrors. Bedding & Bath Accessories Comforter Set Compressed Set Bed Sheet Duvet Covers Kids Bedding Pillows Bath Accessories Towels, Mats & Robes. Kitchen & Dining Cookware Bakeware kitchen utensils Tableware Cutlery Dinnerware Drinkware All kitchen and dining. DIY & Hobbies Hand tools Power tools sewing machines Measuring & Leveling Paint supplies Batteries & Flash lights. Baby Diaper Feeding Baby Bath & Skincare Baby Safety & Health Baby Toys Shop All Baby gear Car Seat Baby strollers Baby beds Travel system Baby chair Shop All. Toys Remote control Figures Arts crafts Block Girls toys Shop All Outdoor Play Play house Swimming pool Outdoor play Ride on Shop All. Brands Pampers Huggies Graco Maxi Cosi Babyjoy Chicco Bestway Evenflo Bambi Intex Lego Little tikes Baby love. Perfumes Mens Fragrances Womens Fragrances Luxury Perfume Oud and Oriental Perfume Body Sprays Fragrance Gift Sets All Fragrances. Makeup Eyes Lips Face Nail Polish Sets and Palettes Beauty Tools Accessories All Makeup. Personal Care Hair Care Skin Care Oral Care Health Care Nail Care Bath&Body Beauty Gift Sets. Exercise & Fitness Yoga & Pilates Cardio Training Equipment Strength Training Equipment Performance & GPS trackers Weights & resistance bands Fitness accessories Individual sports Cycling Climbing Fishing Golf Swimming & Diving Boxing, Wrestling & MMA. Racquet Sports Tennis Table Tennis Badminton Squash Team Sports Football Basketball Volleyball Cricket. Women's sportswear Sports Tops Sports Tops Training Clothing Running Clothing Shop All Women's sport shoes Running shoes walking shoes Training shoes Fitness shoes Shop All. Men's sportswear Sport Tops Sports Pants & Shorts Sports Jackets Training Clothing Running Clothing Shop All Men's Sport shoes Running shoes walking shoes Training shoes Fitness shoes Shop All. Car Care Protection Air freshner Vacum & cleaning products Car polishing product Lubricant & adhesive Engine treatment product Car services & protection. GPS Navigation System GPS Accessories GPS Tracker Car Multimedia Car Video system Car Audio system Car Camera system. Car parts & tools Car Tools Spare parts Car Devices. Tires & wheels Tires Tire tools & product. Car Accessories Interier Accessories Exterior Accessories. Brands ArmorAll Auto Star Black & Decker Garmin Goodyear Hyundai Kraftwerk Roadmaster Sonar STP Turtle Sony 3M. (Eligible for FREE Shipping ). & Up ( 25 ). & Up ( 27 ). & Up ( 28 ). & Up ( 29 ). HTC 10 Evo - 32GB, 3GB RAM, 4G LTE, Black. - 32GB, 3GB RAM, 4G LTE, Gold. HTC 10 Evo - 32GB, 3GB RAM, 4G LTE, Opal Silver. HTC 10 Evo Protective Glass For Mobile Phones. Supported Screen Size : 5.1 - 5.5 inch. HTC 10 evo / HTC Bolt TPU Silicone Case with Horse on Flame Design. Mobile Accessory Type : cases & covers. Tempered Glass Screen Protector By Ineix For HTC 10 Evo. Supported Screen Size : 5.1 - 5.5 inch. جلاس - واقي شاشة صلب مقاوم للكسر بحماية زجاجية شفاف لجوال اتش تي سي 10 إيفو HTC 10 Evo يعطي رؤية واضحة, عالي الدقة. Supported Screen Size : 5.1 - 5.5 inch. Silicone Back Case Cover By Ineix For HTC 10 evo - Clear. Mobile Accessory Type : cases & covers. Back Cover By Ineix For HTC 10 evo Matte Finish - BLACK. Mobile Accessory Type : cases & covers. HTC 10 Evo Protective Glass For Mobile Phones. Supported Screen Size : 5.1 - 5.5 inch. HTC 10 Evo Screen Protector Guard - 9H Hardness Shock Proof. Supported Screen Size : 5.1 to 5.5 inch. Transparent protective cover protects anti shock for the HTC EVO 10. Mobile Accessory Type : cases & covers. HTC One X9 Dual Sim - 32GB, 3GB RAM, 4G LTE, Topaz Gold. HTC One M9+ - 32GB, 3GB RAM, 4G LTE, WiFi, Gold on Silver. HTC Desire 10 Lifestyle Dual Sim - 32GB, 3GB RAM, 4G LTE, Polar White. HTC 10 - 32GB, 4GB RAM, 4G LTE, Carbon Gray. HTC 10 - 32GB, 4GB RAM, 4G LTE, Topaz Gold. HTC Desire 10 Lifestyle Dual Sim - 32GB, 3GB RAM, 4G LTE, Stone Black. HTC One M9+ - 32GB, 4G LTE, WiFi, Gunmetal Gray. HTC 10 - 32GB, 4GB RAM, 4G LTE, Glacier Silver. HTC Desire 626 - 16GB, 4G LTE, White Birch. HTC Desire 626 - 16GB, 4G LTE, Grey Lava. Samsung Galaxy S7 Edge Dual Sim - 32GB, 4GB RAM, 4G LTE, Black. LG G5 Dual SIM - 32 GB, 4 GB, 4G LTE, WiFi, Gold. LG G5 Dual SIM Pink with Camera Module and Charging Kit. SanDisk 64GB Ultra microSD UHS-I/C10 Card with Adapter 100MB/S - SDSQUAR-064G-GN6MA. Card Type : micro sd high capacity cards. SanDisk Ultra 128 GB SDXC Memory Card C10 UHS-I 80MB/s -SDSDUNC-128G-GN6IN. Compatible with : cameras & camcorders. Card Type : secure digital extended capacity. SanDisk 128GB Ultra microSD UHS-I/C10 Card with Adapter 100MB/S - SDSQUAR-128G-GN6MA. Card Type : micro sd high capacity cards. This item is currently out of stock. Order now, only 0 left in stock!. Have a question or an issue? We are here to help. Popular Searches White Friday IPhone 8 IPhone 7 Samsung Mobiles TVs Shoes Watches Perfumes Laptop Lenovo. My Account Log In / Register My Shopping Cart My Orders My Addresses Wish Lists Account Settings Account Summary Intellectual Property Brand and Copyright Owners Marketplace Sellers. Selling on Souq.com Sell on souq.com How It Works Selling Policies Seller Terms and Conditions Fulfilled by Souq FAQs Buying on Souq.com How to Buy Return Policy Advertise with us Help. About Us Media Center Careers Privacy Policy Terms and Conditions Affiliate Program. 
The HTC 10 Evo is an HTC Bolt without Sprint’s interference. HTC has a new phone to show us, and it’s one that was the subject of several rumors leading up to its announcement. Coming hot on the heels of the launch of the HTC Bolt , the HTC 10 Evo is the same phone but made for the U.K. The Bolt is a Sprint exclusive in the U.S., but the HTC 10 Evo will be sold through HTC’s own website in the U.K., where it will presumably be available unlocked and without a contract.. Here’s everything you need to know about the HTC 10 Evo.. The HTC 10 Evo’s design and specification will be familiar to anyone who has taken a close look at the HTC Bolt. The only difference between them is the Sprint exclusivity. If you decide it’s the phone for you, you’ll gaze at a 5.5-inch, 2560 x 1440 pixel screen that displays Android 7.0 Nougat, which takes its power from a Snapdragon 810 processor with 3GB of RAM.. Wrapped in a full metal unibody, the HTC 10 Evo is water, splash and dust resistant thanks to an IP57 rating. This isn’t quite up there with the protection promised by Samsung for the Galaxy S7 and S7 Edge, which have IP68 ratings, or the iPhone 7 and 7 Plus’s IP67 rating. The display is protected by Corning’s latest Gorilla Glass 5, which HTC says will lessen the chances of it smashing if the phone is dropped.. On the rear is a 16-megapixel camera with optical image stabilization and phase detection autofocus, plus there’s a manual mode for complete control over your shots, and the chance to save the resulting file in RAW format. Selfies are taken with an 8-megapixel front camera with an auto HDR mode. The device is secured with a fingerprint sensor in the home button, and energy comes from a fast-charging 3,200mAh battery.. HTC has always made audio a selling point of its phones, but like Apple, has taken the controversial decision to remove the 3.5mm headphone socket. This means utilizing the USB Type-C port to plug in a pair of supplied headphones, buying a new pair with the right connection, or choosing to go wireless with a set of Bluetooth headphones.. Included with the HTC 10 Evo are a pair of BoomSound Adaptive Audio earphones, which adjust the sound played according to the structure of your ear and the listening environment. If it’s noisy, the earphones will adapt accordingly, for example. The phone will play back 24-bit hi-res audio files.. We’re not sure how much the HTC 10 Evo will cost, but if its similar to the Bolt’s $600 price tag, it may have a hard time finding fans. — especially in a market saturated with powerful phones. HTC will have a gunmetal and glacier silver model available for sale through its website in the U.K. , and there’s a choice of either 32GB or 64GB internal storage space, plus the phone has a MicroSD card slot to increase this further.. Like the price, the release date hasn’t been announced yet, but we’ll keep you updated on both.. Article originally published on 11-28-2016 by Julian Chokkatu. Updated on 11/22/2016 by Andy Boxall: Added all the official release news for the HTC 10 Evo. Everything you need to know about the HTC Breeze/HTC Desire 12. Google’s $1.1 billion ‘big bet on hardware’ deal with HTC is final. The Samsung Galaxy S9 is finally here: Here's everything you need to know. Best app deals of the day! 6 paid iPhone apps for free for a limited time. Everything you need to know about the HTC Breeze/HTC Desire 12. layoffs as smartphone and VR divisions merge. Add Us To Your Social Channels. Digital Trends helps readers keep tabs on the fast-paced world of tech with all the latest news, fun product reviews, insightful editorials, and one-of-a-kind sneak peeks. 
The next video is starting stop. HTC 10 evo: sculpted by light. Want to watch this again later?. Sign in to add this video to a playlist.. Sign in to report inappropriate content.. Sign in to make your opinion count.. Sign in to make your opinion count.. Rating is available when the video has been rented.. This feature is not available right now. HTC 10 evo combines sculpted metal style with fantastic audio soundscapes tuned precisely to your ears. HTC 10 evo introduces the world’s 1st USB Type-C dual adaptive earphones* that adjust sound to your individual hearing for an illuminating audio experience like no other. This phone is also water, splash and dust resistant**, so you can take it almost anywhere. #ThePowerOfEvo #ThePowerOfAudio Find out more at http://www.htc.com/uk/smartphones/htc... Subscribe for more! Follow us: Facebook http://www.facebook.com/htc Twitter http://www.twitter.com/htc Google+ https://plus.google.com/+HTC Instagram http://www.instagram.com/htc Tumblr http://htc.tumblr.com Blog http://blog.htc.com * Based on HTC research among major smartphone brand models as of March 2016, using GSMArena statistics and other mobile manufacturing trade sources. ** HTC 10 evo has an IP57 rating and is water, splash and dust resistant. Normal wear and tear may decrease splash and water resistance over time. Do not intentionally submerge HTC 10 evo. Do not attempt to charge or otherwise use the USB Type-C port on a wet HTC 10 evo. For drying instructions and tips on maintaining water resistance, consult the user guide, support site, or the Help app on the device. Liquid damage may not be covered under warranty.. When autoplay is enabled, a suggested video will automatically play next.. HTC 10 Evo hands on review. HTC 10 evo Vs HTC 10 Comparison. HTC 10 Evo vs HTC 10 - Comparison video. HTC 10 Evo Review: New on the outside, older on the inside. HTC 10 EVO Full Review By Smart Miley ( All What You Need About The 10 EVO ). Unboxing HTC 10 EVO 2017 Grey. HTC Bolt / HTC 10 Evo Unboxing - A Larger HTC 10? (4K). Top 10 Reasons You Should Buy HTC Bolt / HTC 10 Evo. Android 7.0 Nougat on HTC 10!. HTC Desire 10 Pro, HTC 10 Evo India Hands on, Camera Overview, First Opinion | Gadgets To Use. HTC 10 Evo hands on review [COMPLETE]. HTC 10 EVO: First Look | Hands on. Steve Jobs introduces iPhone in 2007. Sign in to add this to Watch Later. 
Enter the characters you see below. Sorry, we just need to make sure you're not a robot. For best results, please make sure your browser is accepting cookies.. Type the characters you see in this image:. 
Listed Price : 39,999. Full Specifications of HTC 10 evo. 2G Network Technology GSM 850/900/1800/1900 MHz. 3G Network Technology UMTS 850/1900/2100 MHz. 4G Network Technology LTD FDD: Bands 2, 3, 4, 5, 7, 12, 25, 26 TDD: Band 41. Sales Package Handset, Battery, Charger,User Manual. Network Type GSM / UMTS / LTE. Wi-Fi 802.11 a/b/g/n/ac (2.4 & 5 GHz). USB USB Type-C port, USB 2.0. Display Resolution QHD (2560 x 1440 pixels). Display Technology super LCD 3 display, Corning Gorilla Glass 5 with curve edge. Internal Memory 32 GB, 3 GB RAM. SD Card Presence/Capacity microSD, up to 2TB. OS Android 7.0 with HTC Sense. Processor Qualcomm Snapdragon 810 Octa-Core 2.0 GHz Processor. Camera resolution 16 MP with ƒ/2.0 aperture. Camera Features OIS, Glass Lens, Dual LED flash, Face detection, Panorama, Zoe capture. Camera Video Features 4K Video Recording. Secondary Camera 8 MP with ƒ/2.4 aperture. Size (L by B by T) 154 * 77.2 * 8.1 mm. Battery Life - Standby up to 20 days. Battery Life - Talk Time up to 23 hours. Battery Capacity 3200 mAh with Quick Charge 2.0 support. HTC 10 evo with Snapdragon 810 SoC launched in India, priced at Rs 48,990: Specifications and features. HTC 10 evo hands-on and first impressions. HTC Desire 10 Pro launched in India for Rs 26,490; HTC 10 evo launching in December: Specifications, features. HTC Desire 10 Pro likely to launch in India today; here's what to expect. HTC Bolt launched as HTC 10 evo: Price, specifications and features. HTC 10 evo Reviews in India. HTC 10 evo Features & Specs. HTC 10 evo Vs HTC Desire 310. HTC 10 evo Vs HTC Desire 10 Pro Dual SIM. HTC 10 evo Vs HTC 10 Lifestyle. 45,999 Buy Now. 29,990 Buy Now. 45,320 Buy Now. HTC 10 evo smartphone comes with a 5.5 inch. QHD (2560 x 1440 pixels) with corning gorilla glass 5 protection display. The device runs on Qualcomm Snapdragon 810 octa-core processor clocked at 2.0GHz paired with 3GB of RAM and 32GB of internal storage. On the photography a 16-megapixel rear camera and a 8-megapixel selfie camera. Other connectivity options such as 4G LTE support, fingerprint sensor at front home button, metal unibody, NFC, Bluetooth, GPS and Wi-Fi. On the software front, it runs on Android 7.0 with HTC Sense.. OS Android 7.0 with HTC Sense. Battery Capacity 3200 mAh with Quick Charge 2.0 support. Processor Qualcomm Snapdragon 810 Octa-Core 2.0 GHz Processor. Camera 16 MP with ƒ/2.0 aperture. Internal Memory 32 GB, 3 GB RAM. Own this mobile? Be first to review. Deepali Moray on Feb 09, 2017 04:35 PM. The HTC Evo 10, which uses a two-year-old Snapdragon 810 .... Deepali Moray on Nov 27, 2016 12:20 PM. Can this so-called HTC 10 successor pull all the right .... Deepali Moray on Nov 24, 2016 04:57 PM. Check out HTC’s new smartphones for the Indian .... Sambit Satpathy on Nov 24, 2016 09:46 AM. HTC is widely expected to announce the Desire 10 Pro in .... Ritesh Bendre on Nov 22, 2016 05:23 PM. HTC seems to have the real courage to use the problematic .... Write a Review on HTC 10 evo. MWC 2018: Sony Xperia Ear Duo launched @sonyxperia @SonyXperiaIndia @sony_india @Sony … buff.ly/2FzZ1kE. #MWC2018 : Sony #MWC2018 , #MWC2018 launched with bezel-less design @sonyxperia … buff.ly/2FtQbVj. @oneplus adding HD video streaming support on #OnePlus5 and #OnePlus5 but there is a catch buff.ly/2FyhA8w https://t.co/mw5rGXJZPE. 
Beginning of a dialog window, including tabbed navigation to register an account or sign in to an existing account. Both registration and sign in support using google and facebook accounts. We'll never post without your permission.. We'll never post without your permission.. By clicking Register, you agree to Etsy's Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Etsy may send you communications; you may change your preferences in your account settings.. Uh oh! You need to have cookies enabled to sign in.. Nice—you already have an Etsy account.. Take full advantage of our site features by enabling JavaScript. Ready to ship in 1 business day. Ready to ship within 3 business days. South Georgia and the South Sandwich Islands. Desire 10 Pro-Htc Bolt-Htc 10-Desire 10 Lifestyle-One M9-Desire Eye-HTC 10 evo-Htc Desire 820-HTC 628-HTC One A9-Desire 526G-Desire 530. HTC U11 case,htc Bolt case,marble,HTC 10 evo,abstraction,htc One XL,htc One M7,htc One,htc One M8,htc One M8 mini,htc One mini 2,One M9 case. HTC case,Desire 10 Pro case,Desire 10 Lifestyle case,Desire 825,SUCCULENT,One M8s case,htc 10,htc U11 case,Bolt,htc 10 evo,One A9,flowers. HTC u11 case,MARBLE,htc 10 case,Champagne,htc one x10 case,htc u ultra case ,htc u play case,htc 10 evo case,htc desire 650 case,htc one 28. One a9 case,one e9 case,one x9 case,space,one me case,one max,htc u ultra case,htc case,u play case,htc 10 evo,htc 10,space case. HTC 10 Evo, Htc Bolt case, Htc One A9, Marble case, Htc 526 Desire, Desire 10 Pro, Desire 10 Lifestyle, One M8, One X9, HTC U Ultra, Htc U11. HTC 10 case,MARBLE,BLACK,htc u11 case,htc one x10 case,htc u ultra case ,htc u play case,htc 10 evo case,Htc One St case,Htc One E9 case, 18. HTC case Desire 10 Pro case Desire 10 Lifestyle case Desire 825 space One M8s case cosmonaut htc 10 htc U11 Bolt htc 10 evo One A9 astronaut. Royal marble case for Desire 10 Pro-Htc One M7-Htc One M8-HTC 10 evo-Desire 626-Desire 10 Lifestyle-Desire Eye-HTC One A9-HTC Alpine-Htc M9. HTC 10 case,Rubber,Lemon,htc u11 case,htc one x10 case,htc u ultra case ,htc u play case,htc 10 evo case,Htc 828 case,Htc G17 Evo 3D case 70. Htc U Play-Htc U11-Htc Bolt-HTC 10 evo-Htc Alpine-Clear Mountains case-Htc One E9 Plus-Htc E9-Htc One X9-Htc One ME-Htc One A9-Htc One A9s. Google Pixel 2 case,Japan,Flowers,Google Pixel xl,pixel xl 2 case,Htc Desire 630 case,Htc One ME case,Htc 10 evo case,Htc Desire 616 case 58. CACTUS case htc one M7 Desire 826 Desire 828 Desire Eye Desire 10 cactus One M9 One S9 One M10 htc 10 Lifestyle htc U11 Bolt htc 10 evo. Mountains Htc 10 case-Htc Bolt case-HTC 10 Evo-Htc Ine X9-htc One M7-HTC M9-Htc A9 protect-Desire 626-HTC Desire 628-Desire Eye-Htc One M8. Marble case, htc One M8 htc One M9 htc One M10 htc 10 htc 10 Lifestyle mosaic case htc U Ultra htc U Play U11 htc Bolt htc 10 evo marble. HTC 10 case,BEAR,SILICONE,htc u11 case,htc one x10 case,htc u ultra case ,htc u play case,htc 10 evo case,Htc Desire 510 case,Htc Desire 69. Desire 10 Pro-Htc Bolt-Htc 10-Desire 10 Lifestyle-One M9-Desire Eye-HTC 10 evo-Htc Desire 820-HTC 628-HTC One A9-Desire 526G-Desire 530. HTC U11 case,htc Bolt case,marble,HTC 10 evo,abstraction,htc One XL,htc One M7,htc One,htc One M8,htc One M8 mini,htc One mini 2,One M9 case. HTC case,Desire 10 Pro case,Desire 10 Lifestyle case,Desire 825,SUCCULENT,One M8s case,htc 10,htc U11 case,Bolt,htc 10 evo,One A9,flowers. HTC u11 case,MARBLE,htc 10 case,Champagne,htc one x10 case,htc u ultra case ,htc u play case,htc 10 evo case,htc desire 650 case,htc one 28. One a9 case,one e9 case,one x9 case,space,one me case,one max,htc u ultra case,htc case,u play case,htc 10 evo,htc 10,space case. HTC 10 Evo, Htc Bolt case, Htc One A9, Marble case, Htc 526 Desire, Desire 10 Pro, Desire 10 Lifestyle, One M8, One X9, HTC U Ultra, Htc U11. HTC 10 case,MARBLE,BLACK,htc u11 case,htc one x10 case,htc u ultra case ,htc u play case,htc 10 evo case,Htc One St case,Htc One E9 case, 18. HTC case Desire 10 Pro case Desire 10 Lifestyle case Desire 825 space One M8s case cosmonaut htc 10 htc U11 Bolt htc 10 evo One A9 astronaut. Royal marble case for Desire 10 Pro-Htc One M7-Htc One M8-HTC 10 evo-Desire 626-Desire 10 Lifestyle-Desire Eye-HTC One A9-HTC Alpine-Htc M9. HTC 10 case,Rubber,Lemon,htc u11 case,htc one x10 case,htc u ultra case ,htc u play case,htc 10 evo case,Htc 828 case,Htc G17 Evo 3D case 70. Htc U Play-Htc U11-Htc Bolt-HTC 10 evo-Htc Alpine-Clear Mountains case-Htc One E9 Plus-Htc E9-Htc One X9-Htc One ME-Htc One A9-Htc One A9s. Google Pixel 2 case,Japan,Flowers,Google Pixel xl,pixel xl 2 case,Htc Desire 630 case,Htc One ME case,Htc 10 evo case,Htc Desire 616 case 58. HTC case Desire 10 Pro case marble Desire 10 Lifestyle case Desire 825 lemons case One M8s case htc 10 htc U11 Bolt htc 10 evo One A9. HTC 10 case, Htc One A9s, Agate case, Htc 10 evo, Desire 10 Pro, Desire 10 Lifestyle, One M8, Htc One ME, Desire 826, Desire 620G, Htc 526g. Desire 826 case,Desire 828 case,duck,One X10 case,HTC U Play case,htc U11 case,Bolt case,HTC 10 evo case,One E9 case,One X9 case,One ME case. HTC u11 case,Fall,htc 10 case,Hedgehog,htc one x10 case,htc u ultra case ,htc u play case,htc 10 evo case,htc desire 650 case,htc one s9 68. Marble case, htc One M8 htc One M9 htc One M10 htc 10 htc 10 Lifestyle green marble case htc U Ultra htc U Play U11 htc Bolt htc 10 evo. HTC U11 case, HTC One X10 case, miyazaki, totoro, ghibli, Htc Desire 600 case, Htc M8s case, Htc One X10 case, Htc G17 Evo 3D case, Htc m48. Succulent case htc One M8 htc One M9 htc One M10 htc 10 htc 10 Lifestyle htc U Ultra htc U Play U11 htc Bolt htc 10 evo cactus case. HTC case,Desire 10 Pro case,Desire 825,FLOWERS,One M8s case,htc 10,htc U11 case,Bolt,htc 10 evo,One A9,birds,htc U11,U11 Plus case,U11 Life. Htc Bolt, 10 Evo, HTC Alpine, Htc One M8, Htc one mini 2, Htc Desire 628 case, HTC U Ultra, One m7 case, Htc One M9 case, Htc Lifestyle. Marble case,One M8 case,One M9,One M10,10 Lifestyle,One A9 case,marble,One A9s,One E9,One X9,U11 case,Bolt case,htc 10 evo,Desire 10 Pro. One A9 case,One E9 case,One X9 case,marble,blue,One ME case,One Max,htc U Ultra case,htc case,U Play case,U11 Bolt case,htc 10 evo,htc 10. Desire 826 case,Desire 828 case,style,One X10 case,U Play case,htc U11 case,Bolt case,HTC 10 evo case,One E9 case,One X9 case,One ME case. htc 10 evo case,HTC u11 case,PURPLE,MARBLE,htc 10 case,htc one x10 case,htc u ultra case ,htc u play case,htc 650 case,Htc One mini case, 29. HTC flowers case,U Play case,U11 case,U11 Plus case,U11 Life case,floral case,Bolt,htc 10 evo case,One X9 case,One ME case,One A9,One X10. HTC U11 case, Marble case,floral case, htc Bolt case,HTC 10 evo case, HTC U Play case, htc marble case, One X10 case, One A9 case. HTC U11 case,HTC One X10 case,Htc 650 case,marble case,painting,Htc Desire 600 case,Htc 828 case,Htc 10 case,Htc Desire C case,Htc G17 E 40. CACTUS case htc one M7 Desire 826 Desire 828 Desire Eye Desire 10 cactus One M9 One S9 One M10 htc 10 Lifestyle htc U11 Bolt htc 10 evo. Mountains Htc 10 case-Htc Bolt case-HTC 10 Evo-Htc Ine X9-htc One M7-HTC M9-Htc A9 protect-Desire 626-HTC Desire 628-Desire Eye-Htc One M8. Marble case, htc One M8 htc One M9 htc One M10 htc 10 htc 10 Lifestyle mosaic case htc U Ultra htc U Play U11 htc Bolt htc 10 evo marble. HTC 10 case,BEAR,SILICONE,htc u11 case,htc one x10 case,htc u ultra case ,htc u play case,htc 10 evo case,Htc Desire 510 case,Htc Desire 69. HTC case Desire 10 Pro case marble Desire 10 Lifestyle case Desire 825 lemons case One M8s case htc 10 htc U11 Bolt htc 10 evo One A9. HTC 10 case, Htc One A9s, Agate case, Htc 10 evo, Desire 10 Pro, Desire 10 Lifestyle, One M8, Htc One ME, Desire 826, Desire 620G, Htc 526g. Desire 826 case,Desire 828 case,duck,One X10 case,HTC U Play case,htc U11 case,Bolt case,HTC 10 evo case,One E9 case,One X9 case,One ME case. HTC u11 case,Fall,htc 10 case,Hedgehog,htc one x10 case,htc u ultra case ,htc u play case,htc 10 evo case,htc desire 650 case,htc one s9 68. Marble case, htc One M8 htc One M9 htc One M10 htc 10 htc 10 Lifestyle green marble case htc U Ultra htc U Play U11 htc Bolt htc 10 evo. HTC U11 case, HTC One X10 case, miyazaki, totoro, ghibli, Htc Desire 600 case, Htc M8s case, Htc One X10 case, Htc G17 Evo 3D case, Htc m48. Succulent case htc One M8 htc One M9 htc One M10 htc 10 htc 10 Lifestyle htc U Ultra htc U Play U11 htc Bolt htc 10 evo cactus case. HTC case,Desire 10 Pro case,Desire 825,FLOWERS,One M8s case,htc 10,htc U11 case,Bolt,htc 10 evo,One A9,birds,htc U11,U11 Plus case,U11 Life. HTC U11 case CUSTOM NAME Marble htc one x10 case htc u ultra case htc u play case htc 10 evo case htc desire 650 case htc desire 10 pro 20. Black LG G6 soft case, iPhone 7 plus cover, Huawei P10 plus sock, Kindle 8 sleeve, eco friendly Samsung S8 plus cozy, eco HTC 10 Evo pouch. Desire 10 Pro, Desire 10 Lifestyle, Harry Potter, Desire 825, One M8s case, htc 10 case, U11 case, Bolt, htc 10 evo, One A9, Potter case. Marble case, htc One M8 htc One M9 htc One M10 htc 10 htc 10 Lifestyle black marble case htc U Ultra htc U Play U11 htc Bolt htc 10 evo. Desire 826 case,Desire 828 case,marble,One X10 case,U Play case,htc U11 case,Bolt case,HTC 10 evo case,One E9 case,One X9 case,One ME,clear. HTC U Play case,U11 case,Bolt case,HTC 10 evo case,One E9 case,One X9 case,One ME case,flowers,One X10 case,One M10 case,One M9 case,One M8. Clear Name case for Htc 10 Htc Bolt Htc 10 Evo Htc One ME Htc One Eye Htc U11 Htc One X9 Htc One X10 Htc One A9 One Hima Desire 10 Lifestyle. HTC 10 case htc U11 case htc Bolt case London htc 10 evo case One A9 case phone booth One X10 One M9 case bus case One E9 One X9 One ME case. One M7,Desire 10,Desire 828,clear, koala,U11 case,bolt case,10 evo,E9 case,htc case,One X9,One ME, koala case,M10 case,10 Lifestyle. Desire 826 case,Desire 828 case,dragonfly,One X10 case,HTC U Play case,htc U11 case,Bolt case,HTC 10 evo case,One E9 case,One X9 case,One ME. HTC U11 case,Bolt case,htc 10 evo case,One E9 case,One X9 case,One ME case,arm,One A9 case,imprint,One M9 case,One M10 case,10 Lifestyle. HTC U11 case,HTC One X10 case,Htc 650 case,Pink rose,Htc A9s case,Htc Desire Eye case,Htc Bolt case,Htc 620 case,Htc Desire 601 case,Htc 11. HTC U Play case,U11 case,Bolt case,HTC 10 evo case,One E9 case,One X9 case,One ME case,dinosaur,One X10 case,One M10 case,One M9 case,One M8. Succulent case,U11 case,bolt case,10 evo,E9 case,htc case,One X9,One ME,floral case,M10 case,10 Lifestyle,One M7,Desire 10,Desire 828,clear. Green Scales case htc One M10 htc 10 htc 10 Lifestyle mermaid case htc U Ultra htc U Play htc U11 Bolt htc 10 evo scales htc One ME One Max. HTC U Ultra case,U Play case,HTC case,U11 case,CATS,U11 Plus case,U11 Life case,bolt case,htc 10 evo case,htc cats case,One E9,One X9 case. Htc Bolt, 10 Evo, HTC Alpine, Htc One M8, Htc one mini 2, Htc Desire 628 case, HTC U Ultra, One m7 case, Htc One M9 case, Htc Lifestyle. Marble case,One M8 case,One M9,One M10,10 Lifestyle,One A9 case,marble,One A9s,One E9,One X9,U11 case,Bolt case,htc 10 evo,Desire 10 Pro. One A9 case,One E9 case,One X9 case,marble,blue,One ME case,One Max,htc U Ultra case,htc case,U Play case,U11 Bolt case,htc 10 evo,htc 10. Desire 826 case,Desire 828 case,style,One X10 case,U Play case,htc U11 case,Bolt case,HTC 10 evo case,One E9 case,One X9 case,One ME case. htc 10 evo case,HTC u11 case,PURPLE,MARBLE,htc 10 case,htc one x10 case,htc u ultra case ,htc u play case,htc 650 case,Htc One mini case, 29. HTC flowers case,U Play case,U11 case,U11 Plus case,U11 Life case,floral case,Bolt,htc 10 evo case,One X9 case,One ME case,One A9,One X10. HTC U11 case, Marble case,floral case, htc Bolt case,HTC 10 evo case, HTC U Play case, htc marble case, One X10 case, One A9 case. HTC U11 case,HTC One X10 case,Htc 650 case,marble case,painting,Htc Desire 600 case,Htc 828 case,Htc 10 case,Htc Desire C case,Htc G17 E 40. HTC U11 case CUSTOM NAME Marble htc one x10 case htc u ultra case htc u play case htc 10 evo case htc desire 650 case htc desire 10 pro 20. Black LG G6 soft case, iPhone 7 plus cover, Huawei P10 plus sock, Kindle 8 sleeve, eco friendly Samsung S8 plus cozy, eco HTC 10 Evo pouch. Desire 10 Pro, Desire 10 Lifestyle, Harry Potter, Desire 825, One M8s case, htc 10 case, U11 case, Bolt, htc 10 evo, One A9, Potter case. Marble case, htc One M8 htc One M9 htc One M10 htc 10 htc 10 Lifestyle black marble case htc U Ultra htc U Play U11 htc Bolt htc 10 evo. Desire 826 case,Desire 828 case,marble,One X10 case,U Play case,htc U11 case,Bolt case,HTC 10 evo case,One E9 case,One X9 case,One ME,clear. HTC U Play case,U11 case,Bolt case,HTC 10 evo case,One E9 case,One X9 case,One ME case,flowers,One X10 case,One M10 case,One M9 case,One M8. Clear Name case for Htc 10 Htc Bolt Htc 10 Evo Htc One ME Htc One Eye Htc U11 Htc One X9 Htc One X10 Htc One A9 One Hima Desire 10 Lifestyle. HTC 10 case htc U11 case htc Bolt case London htc 10 evo case One A9 case phone booth One X10 One M9 case bus case One E9 One X9 One ME case. One M7,Desire 10,Desire 828,clear, koala,U11 case,bolt case,10 evo,E9 case,htc case,One X9,One ME, koala case,M10 case,10 Lifestyle. Desire 826 case,Desire 828 case,dragonfly,One X10 case,HTC U Play case,htc U11 case,Bolt case,HTC 10 evo case,One E9 case,One X9 case,One ME. HTC U11 case,Bolt case,htc 10 evo case,One E9 case,One X9 case,One ME case,arm,One A9 case,imprint,One M9 case,One M10 case,10 Lifestyle. HTC U11 case,HTC One X10 case,Htc 650 case,Pink rose,Htc A9s case,Htc Desire Eye case,Htc Bolt case,Htc 620 case,Htc Desire 601 case,Htc 11. HTC U Play case,U11 case,Bolt case,HTC 10 evo case,One E9 case,One X9 case,One ME case,dinosaur,One X10 case,One M10 case,One M9 case,One M8. Succulent case,U11 case,bolt case,10 evo,E9 case,htc case,One X9,One ME,floral case,M10 case,10 Lifestyle,One M7,Desire 10,Desire 828,clear. Green Scales case htc One M10 htc 10 htc 10 Lifestyle mermaid case htc U Ultra htc U Play htc U11 Bolt htc 10 evo scales htc One ME One Max. HTC U Ultra case,U Play case,HTC case,U11 case,CATS,U11 Plus case,U11 Life case,bolt case,htc 10 evo case,htc cats case,One E9,One X9 case. Get fresh Etsy trends and unique gift ideas delivered right to your inbox.. Please enter a valid email address.. Looks like you already have an account! Please Log in to subscribe.. You've already signed up for some newsletters, but you haven't confirmed your address. Register to confirm your address.. Great! We've sent you an email to confirm your subscription.. There was a problem subscribing you to this newsletter.. Need help? Visit the help center. We make it easy to find your thing.. Set where you live, what language you speak, and the currency you use. South Georgia and the South Sandwich Islands. Start typing the name of a page. Hit ESC to close, Enter to select the first result.. Did you scroll all this way to get facts about htc 10 evo ? Well you're in luck, because here they come. There are 148 htc 10 evo for sale on Etsy, and they cost $13.38 on average. The most popular color? You guessed it: clear .. 
The HTC Bolt Vs HTC 10 EVO - Sprint Product Ambass.... Float this Topic for Current User. All community This category This board Knowledge base Users. Auto-suggest helps you quickly narrow down your search results by suggesting possible matches as you type.. The HTC Bolt Vs HTC 10 EVO - Sprint Product Ambassadors. The HTC Bolt Vs HTC 10 EVO - Sprint Product Ambassadors. The HTC Bolt Vs HTC 10 EVO - Sprint Product Ambassadors. So, searching online you may see a little buzz regarding the HTC Bolt (A Sprint Exclusive) and the HTC 10 EVO (an international release) which both look very similar.. Even looking over the specs, you may find many similarities that could leave you guessing.. Why call one different than the other?. Well, one important thing to remember with cell phones, looks are deceiving and what matters is under the hood.. Here’s why the HTC Bolt is deserving of a name so lighting fast.. I welcome you to look at HTC.com and HTC.com/uk and do a line by line comparison.. Size is within a hundredth of an inch of one another and the body visually looks the same with identical ports. Since many 3rd party case manufacturers seem to market their cases as a dual fit for the Bolt and 10 EVO, I would venture to think the body is the same. This can be good info when hunting down case options.. 6.06 x 3.04 x .32 in, 6.14 oz. HTC 10 EVO Dimensions and Weight. 153.59 x 77.3 x 3.7-8.09 mm, 174 g. On the hardware specifications, most of what you’ll find between the two are identical in terms of CPU, Memory and features.. You get the same quality build, camera screen and software features across both models.. You should notice the HTC Bolt does include the HTC BoomSound™ Adaptive Audio Hi-Res earphones whereas the 10 EVO does not.. Is that all, you might ask?. Well, the HTC Bolt truly pulls ahead in the network:. 4G LTE (up to 450Mbps): FDD: Bands 2, 3, 4, 5, 7, 12, 25, 26. Support CAT9 LTE: downloads up to 450 Mbps, upload up to 50 Mbps. Support Cat 6 LTE, download up to 300 Mbps, upload up to 50 Mbps. At the time of this writing. “ S print has started to deploy three-channel carrier aggregation in such markets as Chicago, San Francisco, Minneapolis, Dallas, Denver, Kansas City, Cleveland and Columbus. ” So if you are lurking in one of those areas, I would expect to see some impressive speeds being achieved.. Disclaimer: The Product Ambassadors are Sprint employees from many different parts of the company that love technology. They volunteer to test out all sorts of Sprint devices and offer opinions freely to the Community. Each Product Ambassador shares their own opinions of these devices, therefore the information in this post does not necessarily reflect the opinions of Sprint. The PA's do not represent the company in an official way, and should not be expected to respond to Community members in an official capacity. Please help us to keep our Community a positive. Be sure to read our Rules & Guidelines and if you have any concerns. message to @Seawolf or @A11ey, and we'll check it out!. SOLUTION: Apple iPhone 7 "No Service" issue. Apple recently confirmed a small percentage of iPhone 7 devices had a. component fail on the main logic board, causing the dev... Managing space on the Samsung Galaxy S8 Active - Sprint Product Ambassadors. While your phone has 64gb of memory, it's always useful to use the tools. on board to make the most of your memory. wingland in Android Influence. 
Telephony, loudspeaker, messaging, other apps 7. Multimedia apps, BoomSound audio quality 8. HTC 10 evo specification User opinions and reviews Review comments (64). Metal unibody with rugged, waterproof design. 5.5" Super LCD3 with 1,440 x 2,560px resolution (534ppi). Qualcomm Snapdragon 810 - quad-core Cortex-A57 @ 2.0GHz, quad-core A53 @ 1.5GHz w/ Adreno 530; 3GB of RAM. Android 7.0 Nougat with HTC Sense UI. 16MP main camera, f/2.0, OIS, Phase Detection autofocus; dual-LED flash; 8MP f/2.4 selfie cam. 2160p and 1080p @ 30fps, 720p @ 120fps; High-Res audio recording (24-bit FLAC). 32GB of on-board storage; microSD card slot (dedicated). 6 - 300/50Mbps; Wi-Fi a/b/g/n/ac, Bluetooth 4.1, NFC; USB-C (USB 2.0). Snapdragon 810 is inefficient, quickly gets hot and throttled. 32GB is the only storage option, really? Plus, you lose at least 8GB of that to the system. Small battery capacity, considering the QHD screen and the chipset. USB-C headphones are rare, most don't support HTC's proprietary tech. Good marketing is vital for a successful product. The HTC Bolt had a winning sales pitch - gold medal winning, that is. With Usain Bolt, the world-famous sprinter, advertising this phone for Sprint, it was an ad exec's dream come true. But what of the HTC 10 evo? It's the same hardware, but without the star power.. Well, with no World Champions lining up to peddle the 10 evo, it has to stand on its own merits. And those merits were instantly called into question - the big concern is that HTC is essentially trying to sell 2015 hardware in 2017. Sure, at a bit under 500, the HTC 10 evo isn't outrageously priced, but it still feels like we're being charged the "HTC tax" even though the brand has lost most of its luster in recent years.. Let us approach the phone with a positive attitude and see if the initial negative reaction was wrong. Remember the Butterfly? HTC doesn't make those anymore, but the HTC 10 evo is basically a Butterfly - a sharp screen in a waterproof body. That's a 5.5" Super LCD3 with QHD resolution and IP57 waterproofing rating, to be precise.. The other highlight is the camera - a 16MP OIS-enabled shooter with Hi-Res audio recording and other bells and whistles. Then there's the controversial move to drop the 3.5mm headphone jack, but there's a good technical reason for that.. The HTC BoomSound Adaptive Audio uses special USB-C headphones that analyze the inner shape of your ears and tune the sound to you specifically. You, of 7+ billion people on Earth, just you. That is something (presumably) not possible with old analog connector. This design is the first in the world, HTC is eager to add.. HTC 10 evo in: Black  Gold  Silver. How bad could the Snapdragon 810 chipset be, anyway? Other than the audio jack, that is people's main concern about the phone. The answer is complex and comes in several parts as it touches everything from performance to battery life.. So let's see if this honorary Butterfly will cause a hurricane when it flaps its wings or just a storm in a teacup.. Telephony, loudspeaker, messaging, other apps 7. Multimedia apps, BoomSound audio quality 8. HTC 10 evo specification User opinions and reviews Review comments (64). Samsung Apple Nokia Sony LG HTC Motorola Huawei Microsoft Lenovo Xiaomi Google Acer Asus Oppo OnePlus Meizu BlackBerry Alcatel ZTE Toshiba Vodafone Energizer XOLO Lava Micromax BLU Gionee vivo LeEco Panasonic HP YU verykool Maxwest Plum. HTC to launch entry-level Desire 12, leaked retail box confirms. HTC smartphone chief resigns, no replacement in sight. HTC U11+: retesting the retail unit. Sprint HTC 10 units now getting Android Oreo. 
GSM , CDMA , 3G , EVDO , HSPA+ , LTE , LTE Advanced. Android 6.0.1 "Marshmallow" (release). Android 7.0 "Nougat" (current). microSD up to 2 TB. mAh) Li-Ion , non-replaceable [1]. mm) Super LCD 5 with RGB matrix. 2560 x 1440 pixels (564 ppi ). Corning Gorilla Glass 3. Sony Exmor R IMX377 12.3. px), Laser autofocus , dual-LED dual tone flash, f/1.8 aperture, 26. mm lens, optical image stabilization [2]. 5 MP, f/1.8 aperture , optical image stabilization. www .htc .com /us /smartphones /htc-10 /. This Android -related article is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it. USB 3.1 Gen 1 Type-C connector. Wi-Fi ( 802.11 a / b / g / n / ac ). The HTC 10 is an Android smartphone manufactured and marketed by HTC. [3] [4] It was announced on April 12, 2016. In 2015, HTC released the HTC One M9 smartphone, which was praised for its design, but criticized for being too similar to its predecessor, the HTC One (M8). [6] To address the shortcomings of the M9, HTC released another new phone that year with a new design and hardware: the HTC One A9. The design of the HTC 10 is something of a mix of the M9 and the A9. The HTC 10 features an aluminum body with a unibody design. The dual front-facing audio speakers from previous HTC smartphones (such as the HTC One M9 ) have been removed. The phone still has 2 speakers; however, one is on the top bezel, while the other is on the bottom edge of the phone. The HTC 10 also includes a fingerprint sensor under the 5.2-inch 1440x2560 Gorilla Glass 3 screen. The internals of the HTC 10 are similar to its contemporary flagships. The HTC 10 includes the quad-core Qualcomm Snapdragon 820 processor and 4 GB RAM and Adreno 530 graphics card. [11] The HTC 10 also features USB-C and Qualcomm QuickCharge 3.0. [10] The HTC 10 features a dedicated DAC (Digital Audio Converter) provided by Qualcomm. The HTC 10 runs Android 6.0 Marshmallow with the HTC Sense 8.0 skin. [8] HTC updated unlocked handsets to Android 7.0 Nougat on November 25, 2016. [13] The unlocked HTC 10 received the Android 8.0 Oreo update in early 2018. The HTC 10 received generally positive reviews. In its review of the phone, CNET gave the device a 4 out of 5, supporting the design of the phone, the "brilliant audio quality", and the customizable user interface, while criticizing the phone's camera and battery life. [15] The Verge gave the device a similar 8.0 out of 10, but viewed some aspects of the phone differently: it considered the device's "reliable battery", sound, software, and "fast performance" to be its strengths, while criticizing the HTC 10's "boring design", camera, and price. [16] On the audio quality front, due to its inclusion of a dedicated DAC, Android Central praised the audio of the HTC 10 when using headphones connected to the headphone jack, saying of the experience, "Spoiler: it sounds good. ^ "HTC 10 DIY Teardown". ^ Zimmerman, Steven (12 October 2016). "Sony IMX378: Comprehensive Breakdown of the Google Pixel's Sensor and its Features". Retrieved 17 October 2016. ^ Seifert, Dan (April 13, 2016). "HTC 10 announced: a modern phone with familiar design". Retrieved April 13, 2016. ^ Protalinski, Emil (April 13, 2016). "HTC 10 unveiled: 5.2-inch QHD display, 12 UltraPixel camera with laser autofocus". Retrieved April 13, 2016. ^ Kellex (12 April 2016). "HTC Announces the HTC 10, Available for Pre-Order at $699". "HTC's One M9 is the world's most beautiful disappointment". "HTC 10 vs HTC One M9". Retrieved 10 September 2016. ^ a b "HTC 10 specs". ^ "HTC 10 brings the noise, but it's not a Galaxy killer (review)". ^ a b "HTC 10 review!". ^ "HTC 10 Industry Leading Features and Specs - HTC United States". ^ "Qualcomm Aqstic sets a new standard for audiophiles | Qualcomm". ^ "[Update: RUU available] Nougat for the unlocked HTC 10 rolling out today, only in the USA for now". "[Update: Back up] Unlocked HTC 10 is now receiving 8.0 Oreo update via OTA and RUU". Retrieved 8 February 2018. Retrieved 10 September 2016. "HTC 10 review: great isn't good enough". Retrieved 10 September 2016. ^ "HTC 10 audio testing — BoomSound evolved". HTC Android devices. Butterfly (J Butterfly / Droid DNA). Butterfly S (Butterfly S Hello Kitty Limited Edition). Desire 600 (Desire 600C / Desire 608T). Desire 700 (Desire 709D / Desire 7060 / Desire 7088). Desire 516 (Desire 516C / Desire 516G / Desire 316). Desire 620 (Desire 620G / Desire 820 Mini). Desire 820 (Desire 820G+ / Desire 820Q / Desire 820S). Desire 526 (Desire 526G / Desire 526G+). Desire 626 (Desire 626G / Desire 626G+ / Desire 626S). One S (One S Special Edition). One (M7) (One (M7) Google Play Edition / J One). One (M8) (One (M8) Google Play Edition / One (M8) Harman Kardon Edition / One (M8 Eye) / One M8S). One M9 (One M9 Prime Camera Edition / One M9(S)). One M9+ (One M9+ Supreme Camera Edition). Raider 4G (Velocity 4G / Vivid). Categories : Android (operating system) devices Touchscreen mobile phones Mobile phones introduced in 2016 HTC mobile phones Operating system stubs. Hidden categories: All stub articles. Not logged in Talk Contributions Create account Log in. Main page Contents Featured content Current events Random article Donate to Wikipedia Wikipedia store. Help About Wikipedia Community portal Recent changes Contact page. What links here Related changes Upload file Special pages Permanent link Page information Wikidata item Cite this page. Create a book Download as PDF Printable version. العربية تۆرکجه Deutsch Français Italiano 日本語 Tiếng Việt 中文. This page was last edited on 8 February 2018, at 22:29. Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License ;. By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc. 
Select the department you want to search in. Sign in Your Orders Try Prime Your Lists Cart. Your Amazon.in Today's Deals Amazon Pay Sell Customer Service. Electronics Best Sellers Amazon Exclusives Mobiles & Accessories Computers & Accessories Televisions & Home Entertainment Audio Cameras & Accessories Musical Instruments Office & Stationery Buying Guides. We don't know when or if this item will be back in stock.. Available in Bangalore, Mumbai, Chennai, Hyderabad. We don't know when or if this item will be back in stock.. 13.97 centimeters (5.5-inch) quad HD super LCD 3 corning gorilla glass 5 with curve edge capacitive touchscreen with 2560 x 1440 pixels resolution and 534 ppi pixel density. 16MP primary camera with PDAF, BSI sensor, optical image stabilization (OIS), ƒ/2.0 aperture, glass lens, dual led flash, self timer up to 10 seconds, face detection, pro mode manual control, long exposure raw format support, auto HDR, panorama, zoe capture, hyper lapse, slow motion video (720p@120 fps), 4k video recording with hi-res audio, video pic and 8MP front facing camera with BSI sensor, ƒ/2.4 aperture, live make-up, auto selfie (keep still or smile), voice selfie, self timer up to 10 seconds, auto HDR, selfie panorama, full HD 1080p video recording. Android v7.0 Nougat with HTC sense operating system with 2GHz Qualcomm Snapdragon 810 octa core processor, 3GB RAM, 32GB internal memory expandable up to 2TB and single SIM. 3200mAH lithium-ion battery providing talk-time of 23 hours on 3G/4G networks and standby time of 480 hours on 3G/4G networks. 1 year manufacturer warranty for device and 6 months manufacturer warranty for in-box accessories including batteries from the date of purchase. The order quantity for this product is limited to 1 unit per customer. Please note that orders which exceed the quantity limit will be auto-canceled. This shopping feature will continue to load items. In order to navigate out of this carousel please use your heading shortcut key to navigate to the next or previous heading.. Customers who viewed this item also viewed. Page 1 of 1 Start over Page 1 of 1. HTC Desire 10 Pro (Polar White). HTC One X9 Smart Phone, Carbon Grey. HTC One X9 Smart Phone, Topaz Gold. HTC U Play (Brilliant Black, 64GB). HTC Desire 10 Pro (Stone Black). HTC One M9+ Prime Camera Edition(Gold On Silver). Find answers in product info, Q&As, reviews. Please make sure that you've entered a valid question. You can edit your question or post anyway.. Don't see what you're looking for?. There was a problem completing your request. Please try your search again later.. What other items do customers buy after viewing this item?. HTC Desire 10 Pro (Polar White). Moto G5s Plus (Lunar Grey, 64GB). Honor 7X (Blue, 4GB RAM + 32GB memory). Moto G5s Plus (Blush Gold, 64GB). Sculpted by Light Illuminated by Sound. Meet HTC 10 evo.The metal unibody phone that combines sophisticated style with sound tuned to you. It’s a dramatic evolution of our sculpted by light style that’s also water, splash and dust resistant*. HTC 10 evo introduces the world’s 1st** USB Type-C dual adaptive earphones that tailor sound to your ears’ unique structure for a truly illuminating audio experience.. *HTC 10 evo has an IP57 rating and is water, splash and dust resistant. Normal wear and tear may decrease splash and water resistance over time. Do not intentionally submerge HTC 10 evo. Do not attempt to charge or otherwise use the USB Type-C port on a wet HTC 10 evo. For drying instruction and tips on maintaining water resistance, consult the user guide, support site, or the Help app on the device. Liquid damage may not be covered under warranty.. **Based on HTC research among major smartphone brand models as of October 2016, using GSMArena statistics and other mobile manufacturing trade sources.. HTC 10 evo’s display is covered by Corning Gorilla Glass 5. A new glass solution that helps your phone resist life’s inevitable knocks and tumbles. So now dropping your phone while taking selfies doesn’t automatically mean a smashed screen*. And while Gorilla Glass 5 is tougher than ever, it doesn’t compromise optical clarity or touch sensitivity. Giving you the ultimate combination of drop protection and performance.. *Drop test conducted up to 1.6 meters.. HTC 10 evo’s full metal unibody has been subjected to a multitude of grueling drop, bend, scratch, submersion, climate and corrosion tests. This phone is water, splash and dust resistant, in fact it has an IP57 rating*, which means that you’ll enjoy exceptional build quality and style that you can take almost anywhere from hiking to mountain biking no matter what the weather – sun, rain or snow.. Things are more entertaining on a 5.5” screen. Which makes it easy to enjoy the action and details in your favorite videos even when you’re out on a camping trip. HTC 10 evo also has multi-window support, so you have the space you need to watch movies while multitasking, surfing the net or chatting online with friends.. Incredible moments can happen when you least expect them. HTC 10 evo’s 16MP camera has OIS (Optical Image Stabilization) that reduces camera shake so you can capture sharp photos on the go in almost any environment, even in low light.. HTC 10 evo’s camera launches quickly so you can capture fleeting moments in a flash. Plus it has an ultra-fast autofocus time of up to 0.3 seconds with Phase Detection Auto Focus, which makes focusing smooth and very fast. Vivid Flash uses a light spectrum closer to that of sunlight, for natural looking photos in low light.. Take More Control of your Photos. HTC 10 evo features Pro mode to give you professional level of control over your photography. Besides the advanced options you’d expect – such as RAW capture, RAW enhancement and manual control over almost every camera setting – you now also get the ability to take photos with long exposure times. Perfect for mastering the motion of light in your photography.. Transform moments into masterpieces with long exposure times.. What do you get when you combine a big 8MP sensor and Auto HDR? Great looking selfies anywhere you go, from the top of the mountains to nights out on the town. HTC 10 evo features an integrated screen flash for night shots on the go. Plus it brings you a super wide angle selfie panorama mode – enough to fit in the whole family with room to spare for epic mountain backgrounds.. Super wide angle panorama selfies fit in more people and good times than standard selfies.. HTC 10 evo’s built-in fingerprint sensor lets you unlock your phone at the touch of your finger – in as little as 0.2 seconds. Your fingerprint can also be the key to easily unlock the protected apps locked by the App Lock function in Boost+.. When you touch HTC 10 evo, everything comes together beautifully. The display responds to your every gesture, with even the smallest and fastest movements of your fingers tracked smoothly. And because the display is specially treated to be scratch-resistant, anti-smudge and anti-reflective, you can count on the screen to stay looking good even when you’re far from civilization.. HTC 10 evo comes with a big 3200mAh battery so you’ll get enough power for up to a day or more use on a single charge*. And, if you need to recharge quickly, HTC 10 evo features Quick Charge technology, so you can charge your phone fast*. Super handy when heading out on a last minute adventure.. *Battery charge duration may vary based on cellular network, location, signal strength, feature configurations, phone usage, and many other factors. Be Transported into your Unique Audio Adventure. Get ready for audio adventures unlike any you’ve had before. Where the inner shape of your ears are analyzed, so that every note, nuance and tone can be tuned to your individual hearing. Freeing you to explore hyper-vivid soundscapes adapted precisely to you.. *Inbox accessories may vary from country to country. Please check with an authorized retailer or operator for availability.. The metal unibody phone that combines sophisticated style with sound tuned to you: the world’s 1st* USB Type-C dual adaptive earphones that tailor sound to your ears’ unique structure for a truly illuminating audio experience.. *Based on HTC research among major smartphone brand models as of October 2016, using GSMArena statistics and other mobile manufacturing trade sources.. HTC 10 Evo Mobile Phone Information. Product Dimensions 15.4 x 0.8 x 7.7 cm. Batteries: 1 Lithium ion batteries required. Wireless communication technologies Bluetooth, WiFi Hotspot. Connectivity technologies GSM, GPRS, EDGE, (850/900/1800/1900 MHz), 3G, UMTS, (850/900/1900/2100 MHz), 4G LTE, FDD, (1/3/5/7/8/20/28), TDD, Bands, (38/40/41), Wi-Fi 802.11 a/b/g/n/ac. Special features Single SIM, GPS, Music Player, Video Player, Ambient light sensor, Proximity sensor, Motion G-sensor, eCompass sensor, Gyro sensor, Magnetic sensor, Fingerprint sensor, Sensor Hub, E-mail. Phone Talk Time 23 Hours. Phone Standby Time (with data) 480 Hours. Whats in the box Handset, Charger, USB Cable and Quick Start Guide. #85,567 in Electronics ( See top 100 ). Electronics > Mobiles & Tablets > Smartphones & Basic Mobiles > Smartphones. Date First Available 21 January 2017. Warranty Details: 1 year manufacturer warranty for device and 6 months manufacturer warranty for in-box accessories including batteries from the date of purchase. Would you like to tell us about a lower price ? If you are a seller for this product, would you like to suggest updates through seller support ?. 5 star 50% 4 star 22% 3 star 14% 2 star 7% 1 star 7%. Share your thoughts with other customers. There was a problem filtering reviews right now. 5.0 out of 5 stars Premium Midranger with excellent unibody all metal design. Colour: Pearl Gold | Verified Purchase. 1)Awesome build quality, well matured HTC sense UI and SD810/3gb ram with great desgin forms this premium midranger ,evo - stands for evolution. 2)First Water resistant phone from HTC- You cannot jump into a ocean with this phone. But it can take spills of rain or accidental drop in water upto 1metre. 3)Excellent HTC adaptive 24-bit Hi-Res audio. 4)Good speaker quality 5)3mic noise suppression. You enjoy a great call quality 6)Good touchscreen and fast fingerprint sensor 7)Awesome display with 534 PPI that can blow your minds combining corning gorilla glass 5. 8)Very good cameras and its options, especially the pro mode. I like the split screen option that works on most apps. Thanks to qualcomm quick charge 2.0 11)Comes with almost all sensors 12)HTC sense motion gestures , HTC blinkfeed and other features like flip your phone back to mute ringtone, just lift to ears to answer call, etc are good. 13)"high-res certified" in-ear headphones are great. Unlike Apple's horrible sounding with USB-C, htc gives a far better and unique audio experience. In Apple, audio processing happens in earphones. But here in HTC, all audio stuff happens in the phone itself. This means you can buy a cheap usb-c to 3.5mm adapter and use you current headphones. Cons: 1)Too much heating while charging. However it comes with the supported usb type-c "high-res certified" in-ear headphones. 3)Doesnt come with in-box headphone dongle. 4)Battery just stays for a day. Who should buy this phone? 1)If you want a good user experience on android. HTC sense skin is the best fit on top of android. 2)If you want to pay for quality and not quantity, as offered by chinese OEMs. It is definitely not for the people who count quantitative numbers in technical specifications. HTC has put a lot work in sculpting each component of this phone, and hence it dont speak in numbers. 3)If you want to go for a branded phone instead of chinese folks. 4)No second thought, if you are a HTC fan. 5)At last, you will not get a flagship product at this price 20k. Do not get biased from expert reviews in google, as i did initially. Those reviews were given aiming HTC 10 evo as a successor for HTC 10. HTC 10 costs 35k whereas HTC 10 evo(Bolt) is a premium midranger.. Was this review helpful to you?. 3.0 out of 5 stars Not upto the specs. Colour: Pearl Gold | Verified Purchase. There is connectivity issue on the phone regarding wifi and network sometimes. WiFi gets disconnected automatically and I need to restart the Mobile in order to reconnect. Battery is fine and not upto the mark. Need to charge phone 2-3 times a day.. Was this review helpful to you?. 5.0 out of 5 stars Nice look every bady happy ph look smart feature also .... Colour: Pearl Gold | Verified Purchase. Nice look every bady happy ph look smart feature also camera clearity good nice photo both camera fast charging ph great. Ice view feature only Htc can provide great ph brand name good ph good Also enjoy use this ph one negetive only single sim but over all ph good Htc making nice ph. 0 Comment | Was this review helpful to you?. 4.0 out of 5 stars satisfied. Colour: Pearl Gold | Verified Purchase. I am Not great techno expert....but best thing I like limited no. Of pre-installed app and con is heating issue while continue usage Other things are up-to mark nothing extraordinary except brand. 0 Comment | Was this review helpful to you?. 4.0 out of 5 stars Product is awesome... Colour: Pearl Gold | Verified Purchase. Product is awesome...But battery life is too low..just for one day life. Camera quality is awesome.but over heating is the only problem (up to 42 degree).. 0 Comment | Was this review helpful to you?. 5.0 out of 5 stars Five Stars. Colour: Pearl Gold | Verified Purchase. Was this review helpful to you?. 5.0 out of 5 stars Five Stars. Colour: Pearl Gold | Verified Purchase. 0 Comment | Was this review helpful to you?. 4.0 out of 5 stars Everything is perfect but night mode camera is decent. Colour: Pearl Gold | Verified Purchase. Everything is perfect but night mode camera is decent.. The best part is the resolution of the quad HD display and the htc boom sound... Was this review helpful to you?. HTC 10 evo the following are its pros and cons Pros:- 1)High resolution display 2)Good speaker sound 3)NFC 4)High res audio... 3.0 out of 5 stars Good phone by htc..but should have been made better. Heats up bad - lags after that. Most of these issues could be fixed with software patches, however, no Software... 2.0 out of 5 stars No longer the HTC I knew!. •Excellent phone with Quad HD display •Qualcomm Snapdragon 810 •Decent camera •Great audio (HTC boomsound and adaptive audio) •Excellent built quality... 5.0 out of 5 stars Excellent phone. Excellent phone , solid,water resistant,best camera,Quad HD display with Gorilla glass 5 and much more amazing features HTC planned to update HTC 10 evo to Android Oreo. 5.0 out of 5 stars HTC Iron Phone. 5.0 out of 5 stars Five Stars. See and discover other items: htc phone , htc mobile , htc phones , htc smartphone , htc smart phone , htc mobile phone. Unlimited FREE fast delivery, video streaming & more. Prime members enjoy FREE One-Day and Two-Day delivery on eligible items, unlimited video streaming, exclusive access to top deals & more.. About Us Careers Press Releases Amazon Cares Gift a Smile Facebook Twitter Instagram Sell on Amazon Become an Affiliate Fulfilment by Amazon Advertise Your Products Amazon Pay on Merchants Your Account Returns Centre 100% Purchase Protection Amazon Assistant Help. Australia Brazil Canada China France Germany Italy Japan Mexico Netherlands Spain United Kingdom United States. AbeBooks Books, art & collectibles. Amazon Web Services Scalable Cloud Computing Services. Audible Download Audio Books. DPReview Digital Photography. IMDb Movies, TV & Celebrities. Junglee.com Shop Online in India. Look.com Kids' Clothing & Shoes. Shopbop Designer Fashion Brands. Amazon Business Everything For Your Business. Souq.com Shop Online in the Middle East. Amazon Now 2-Hour Delivery on Everyday Items. Conditions of Use & Sale Privacy Notice Interest-Based Ads © 1996-2018, Amazon.com, Inc. 
Mon, Feb 26, 2018 | Updated 02.56 PM IST. Gadgets Now TOI Home News shop Gadgets Reviews compare Slideshows Videos Top Gadgets More. Tech News Jobs Social IT Services Mobiles PCs Apps Gaming Computing More Gadgets. Mobile World Congress 2018: All the latest news and updates These smartphones can get you extra Rs 20,000 discount on Apple iPhone X Samsung Galaxy S9 vs Galaxy S9+: What's the difference Nokia smartphones' 2018 lineup is here Flipkart ahead of Amazon in smartphone 2017 sales: Report Crypto 'noobs' learn to cope with wild swings in digital coins New smart lens for diabetics can monitor blood sugar levels How Samsung's new Galaxy S9 compares to the Apple iPhone X Nokia CEO sees big 5G rollouts nearly a year ahead of schedule India to highlight 5G readiness, tech leadership at MWC. Mobile Phones Tablets Laptops Cameras Televisions Power banks Smart watches Air conditioners Washing machines Refrigerators Fitness bands. Mobile Phones Laptops Tablets Cameras Televisions Power banks Smart watches Air conditioners Washing machines Refrigerators Fitness bands. Brands Infographics Checklist How To Featured infocus Specials. Gadgets Now » Compare Mobile Phones » HTC 10 Evo. vs HTC Desire 10 Pro Mobile Phones. performance Octa core Octa core display 5.5" (13.97 cm) 5.5" (13.97 cm) storage 32 GB 64 GB camera 16 MP 20 MP battery 3200 mAh 3000 mAh ram 3 GB 4 GB fingerprint sensor position Front Back other sensors Light sensor, Proximity sensor, Accelerometer, Compass, Gyroscope Light sensor, Proximity sensor, Accelerometer, Compass, Gyroscope fingerprint sensor Yes Yes also known as HTC Bolt - quick charging Yes Yes operating system Android v7.0 (Nougat) Android v6.0 (Marshmallow) sim slots Single SIM, GSM Dual SIM, GSM+GSM model Bolt Desire 10 Pro launch date February 9, 2017 (Official) December 20, 2016 (Official) custom ui HTC Sense - brand HTC HTC sim size SIM1: Nano SIM1: Nano SIM2: Nano (Hybrid) network 4G: Available (supports Indian bands) 3G: Available, 2G: Available 4G: Available (supports Indian bands) 3G: Available, 2G: Available fingerprint sensor Yes Yes loudspeaker Yes Yes audio jack 3.5 mm 3.5 mm chipset Qualcomm Snapdragon 810 MSM8994 MediaTek MT6755 graphics Adreno 430 Mali-T860 MP2 processor Octa core (2 GHz, Quad core, ARM Cortex A57 + 1.5 GHz, Quad core, Cortex A53) Octa core (1.8 GHz, Quad core, Cortex A53 + 1 GHz, Quad core, Cortex A53) architecture 64 bit 64 bit ram 3 GB 4 GB build material Case: AluminiumBack: Aluminium - thickness 8.0 mm 7.8 mm width 77.3 mm 76 mm weight 174 grams 165 grams waterproof Yes Splash proof, IP57 - ruggedness Dust proof - height 153.5 mm 156.5 mm colours Cast Iron, Pearl Gold Stone Black, Polar White, Royal Blue, Valentine Lux display type S-LCD 3 IPS LCD screen to body ratio 70.12 % 69.95 % pixel density 534 ppi 401 ppi screen protection Corning Gorilla Glass v5 Corning Gorilla Glass screen size 5.5 inches (13.97 cm) 5.5 inches (13.97 cm) screen resolution 1440 x 2560 pixels Full HD (1080 x 1920 pixels) touch screen Yes Capacitive Touchscreen, Multi-touch Yes Capacitive Touchscreen, Multi-touch user available storage Up to 23 GB - internal memory 32 GB 64 GB expandable memory Yes Up to 2 TB Yes Up to 2 TB settings Exposure compensation, ISO control Exposure compensation, ISO control aperture F2.4 F2.2 camera features Selfie Voice command Selfie Voice command image resolution 4616 x 3464 Pixels 5160 x 3872 Pixels sensor BSI Sensor BSI Sensor autofocus Yes Phase Detection autofocus Yes Laser autofocus shooting modes Continuos Shooting, High Dynamic Range mode (HDR) Continuos Shooting, High Dynamic Range mode (HDR) resolution 8 MP Front Camera 13 MP Front Camera optical image stabilisation Yes No flash No Yes Retina Flash video recording 1920x1080 @ 30 fps 1920x1080 @ 30 fps user replaceable No No standby time Up to 480 Hours(4G) / Up to 480 Hours(3G) Up to 432 Hours(4G) / Up to 480 Hours(3G) talktime Up to 23 Hours(4G) / Up to 23 Hours(3G) Up to 19 Hours(3G) quick charging Yes Quick, v2.0 Yes type Li-ion Li-ion capacity 3200 mAh 3000 mAh wifi Yes Wi-Fi 802.11, a/ac/b/g/n/n 5GHz Yes Wi-Fi 802.11, a/b/g/n/n 5GHz wifi features Mobile Hotspot Mobile Hotspot bluetooth Yes v4.1 Yes v4.2 usb typec Yes (Doesn't support micro-USB) - nfc Yes Yes network support 4G (supports Indian bands), 3G, 2G 4G (supports Indian bands), 3G, 2G gps Yes with A-GPS, Glonass Yes with A-GPS, Glonass sim 1 4G Bands:TD-LTE 2600(band 38) / 2300(band 40) / 2500(band 41) FD-LTE 2100(band 1) / 1800(band 3) / 2600(band 7) / 900(band 8) / 700(band 28) / 850(band 5) / 800(band 20)3G Bands: UMTS 1900 / 2100 / 850 / 900 MHz2G Bands: GSM 1800 / 1900 / 850 / 900 MHz 4G Speed: 50 Mbit/s ? 300 Mbit/s ? (LTE category 6)3G Speed: HSDPA 42.2 Mbit/s ?, HSUPA 5.76 Mbit/s ?GPRS:Available EDGE:Available 4G Bands:TD-LTE 2600(band 38) / 2300(band 40) FD-LTE 2100(band 1) / 1800(band 3) / 2600(band 7) / 900(band 8) / 700(band 28) / 850(band 5) / 800(band 20)3G Bands: UMTS 1900 / 2100 / 850 / 900 MHz2G Bands: GSM 1800 / 1900 / 850 / 900 MHz 4G Speed: 50 Mbit/s ? 300 Mbit/s ? (LTE category 6)3G Speed: HSDPA 42.2 Mbit/s ?, HSUPA 5.76 Mbit/s ?GPRS:Available EDGE:Available sim size SIM1: Nano SIM1: Nano SIM2: Nano (Hybrid) Price ₹ 51,900 ₹ 27,990 Rating N/A 3 /5. Summary special features general multimedia performance design display storage camera battery network connectivity. Samsung Galaxy J7 Prime Gold (16GB) ₹ 10590. Samsung Galaxy On7 Prime (Black, 3GB RAM + 32GB Memory) ₹ 12990. LG V30+ (18:9 OLED FullVisionTM, 128GB) - Black ₹ 44990. Honor View 10 (Midnight Black, 6GB RAM + 128GB memory) ₹ 29999. Samsung Galaxy A8+ (Black, 6GB RAM + 64GB Memory) ₹ 32990. OnePlus 5T (Midnight Black 6GB RAM + 64GB memory) ₹ 32999. Infocus Vision 3 (Midnight Black, 18:9 FullVision Display) ₹ 6999. Redmi Y1 (Dark Grey, 32GB) ₹ 8999. Infocus Vision 3 (Premium Gold, 18:9 FullVision Display) ₹ 6999. Redmi Note 4 (Dark Grey, 64GB) ₹ 11999. Honor 7X (Blue, 4GB RAM + 32GB memory) ₹ 12999. Redmi Y1 (Gold, 64GB) ₹ 10999. 10.or E (Beyond Black, 3 GB) ₹ 6999. Redmi Y1 (Dark Grey, 64GB) ₹ 10999. Redmi 4 (Black, 32 GB) ₹ 8999. OnePlus 5T (Midnight Black 8GB RAM + 128GB memory) ₹ 37999. Redmi 4 (Gold, 64 GB) ₹ 10999. InFocus Turbo 5 Plus (Midnight Black, Dual Rear Camera) ₹ 8999. Redmi 4 (Gold, 32 GB) ₹ 8999. Samsung Galaxy J7 Prime (Gold, 32GB) ₹ 13990. Redmi 4 (Black, 64 GB) ₹ 10999. Mi Max 2 (Black, 64GB) ₹ 15999. Nokia 6 (Matte Black, 32GB) ₹ 14999. Lenovo K8 Note (Venom Black, 4GB) ₹ 11999. Moto G5s Plus (Lunar Grey, 64GB) ₹ 14999. Coolpad Cool Play 6 (Sheen Black, 6GB RAM+64GB Memory) ₹ 14999. Sony Xperia R1 Dual (Black, 16GB) with Memory Card ₹ 12795. Mi Max 2 (Black, 32 GB) ₹ 13999. Coolpad Note 5 Lite (Royal Gold, 3GB RAM + 16 GB) ₹ 7499. Gionee M7 Power (Black) ₹ 16999. Alcatel A5 LED 5085I (Metallic Silver) ₹ 12999. Coolpad Cool 1 (Silver, 4GB RAM + 32GB memory) ₹ 10999. Alcatel A7 (Metallic Black, 4GB RAM, 32GB) ₹ 13999. Coolpad Cool 1 (Gold, 3GB RAM + 32GB memory) ₹ 8999. Redmi 4 (Black, 16 GB) ₹ 6999. Redmi 4 (Gold, 16 GB) ₹ 6999. Redmi Y1 (Gold, 32GB) ₹ 8999. Redmi Y1 Lite (Grey,16GB) ₹ 6999. Honor 7X (Blue, 4GB RAM + 64GB memory) ₹ 15999. Redmi Note 4 (Black, 64GB) ₹ 10995. Nokia 6 (Silver, 32GB) ₹ 14999. Popular Comparisons Compare HTC U11 vs OnePlus 5 Compare HTC U11 vs HTC U Ultra Compare HTC U11 vs Samsung Galaxy S8 Plus Compare HTC U11 vs Sony Xperia XZ Premium Compare HTC U11 vs Samsung Galaxy Note 8 Compare HTC Desire 10 Pro vs Samsung Galaxy J7 Pro Compare HTC U11 vs Samsung Galaxy S8 Compare HTC U11 vs Huawei P10 Plus. Popular Posts Best Camera Phones in India Phones under Rs. 20,000 Phones under 15000 in India Phones under Rs. 10,000 Best Laptops under Rs.30,000 4G Phones Under Rs,10,000. Popular Categories Android Mobile Phone Dual Sim Mobile Phone 4G Mobiles Tablets Online Top Gadgets 2017 Upcoming Mobiles. About Us Contact Us RSS Return Policy Bulk Buy. Terms of Use and Grievance Redressal Policy Gadgets now mobile Refund Policy Sell with us. Vivo V5 Samsung Galaxy J7 Lenovo A7000 iPhone 7 Plus Samsung Galaxy J2 Moto E4 Samsung Galaxy On7 Oppo F3 Plus. Honor 8 HTC Desire 820 LG G5 Sony Xperia Z5. Popular Gadgets VU TV Xiaomi Mi Band Intex Power Bank Ambrane Power Bank Xiaomi Power Bank Micromax TV Samsung TV Lloyd TV LG TV Sony TV Acer Laptops Lenovo laptops HP laptops Dell Laptop. Mobile Phones Nokia Mobiles Intex Mobiles Lenovo Mobiles Apple iPhones Moto Mobiles Vivo Mobiles Xiaomi Mobiles Samsung Mobiles Blackberry Mobiles Spice Mobiles Oppo Mobiles OnePlus Mobiles Lyf Mobiles Micromax Mobiles LG Mobiles Karbonn Mobiles HTC Mobiles Sony Mobiles Lava Mobiles. Trending Stories Aadhaar Card Sundar Pichai Redmi 4 Sale on Amazon Xiaomi Redmi 4A Sale Mukesh Ambani Airtel Offers Vodafone Offer Paytm. Trending Topics Samsung Galaxy On7 Prime Honor V10 iPhone 8 Plus OnePlus 6 SAMSUNG GALAXY A8 2018 HUAWEI MATE 10 OnePlus 5T Xiaomi Redmi 5A Honor 6A Vivo V7 Moto X4 Xiaomi Mi Mix 2 XIAOMI REDMI NOTE 5 PRO Redmi Note 5. Copyright © 2018 Bennett Coleman & Co. | The Times of India. For reprint rights: Times Syndication Service. 
Trong hộp có: Sạc, Tai nghe, Sách hướng dẫn, Cáp, Cây lấy sim. Bảo hành chính hãng: thân máy 12 tháng, pin 6 tháng, sạc 6 tháng, tai nghe 6 tháng - Xem điểm bảo hành. Giao hàng tận nơi miễn phí trong 60 phút. 1 đổi 1 trong 1 tháng với sản phẩm lỗi. Phản hồi không hài lòng bộ ảnh. Hãy để lại thông tin để được hỗ trợ khi cần thiết (Không bắt buộc):. Gửi góp ý Cam kết bảo mật thông tin cá nhân. Miếng dán màn hình 6 inch. Mua ngay Xem hàng, không thích không mua. Trả góp lãi suất 0% Qua công ty tài chính. Gọi đặt mua: 1800.1060 (Miễn phí). Kiểm tra có hàng tại nơi bạn ở không?. TP.Hồ Chí Minh Hà Nội Đà Nẵng An Giang Bà Rịa - Vũng Tàu Bắc Giang Bắc Kạn Bạc Liêu Bắc Ninh Bến Tre Bình Định Bình Dương Bình Phước Bình Thuận Cà Mau Cần Thơ Cao Bằng Đắk Lắk Đắk Nông Điện Biên Đồng Nai Đồng Tháp Gia Lai Hà Giang Hà Nam Hà Tĩnh Hải Dương Hải Phòng Hậu Giang Hòa Bình Hưng Yên Khánh Hòa Kiên Giang Kon Tum Lai Châu Lâm Đồng Lạng Sơn Lào Cai Long An Nam Định Nghệ An Ninh Bình Ninh Thuận Phú Thọ Phú Yên Quảng Bình Quảng Nam Quảng Ngãi Quảng Ninh Quảng Trị Sóc Trăng Sơn La Tây Ninh Thái Bình Thái Nguyên Thanh Hóa Thừa Thiên Huế Tiền Giang Trà Vinh Tuyên Quang Vĩnh Long Vĩnh Phúc Yên Bái. Quận 1 Quận 2 Quận 3 Quận 4 Quận 5 Quận 6 Quận 7 Quận 8 Quận 9 Quận 10 Quận 11 Quận 12 Quận Tân Bình Quận Tân Phú Quận Phú Nhuận Quận Gò Vấp Quận Bình Thạnh Quận Thủ Đức Quận Bình Tân Huyện Hóc Môn Huyện Củ Chi Huyện Nhà Bè Huyện Bình Chánh Huyện Cần Giờ. Đặc điểm nổi bật của HTC 10 evo. Bộ sản phẩm chuẩn: Hộp, Sạc, Tai nghe, Sách hướng dẫn, Cáp, Cây lấy sim. HTC 10 evo mang lại cho bạn trải nghiệm về thiết kế, những trang bị cao cấp của một chiếc flagship đến từ HTC nhưng với mức giá chưa tới một nửa. Thiết kế của HTC 10 Hiệu năng ổn định Camera vẫn rất tốt Loa. Boomsound, tai nghe sử dụng cổng USB C. HTC 10 evo thì thiết kế của máy khá giống với người tiền nhiệm. HTC 10, khác biệt duy nhất nằm ở mặt lưng khi máy được làm phẳng chứ không vát cong như chiếc. HTC 10 evo sang trọng không kém các flagship. Máy vẫn sở hữu các đường cắt kim cương mạnh mẽ và tinh xảo ở phần khung viền mang đến sự sang trọng đầy nam tính cho người dùng.. Màn hình của máy được tăng lên kích thước 5.5 inch với độ phân giải lên tới 2K cho bạn hiển thị hình ảnh sắc nét, góc nhìn rộng cùng độ sáng cao giúp bạn dễ dàng sử dụng ngay cả dưới trời nắng gắt.. Máy cũng sở hữu khả năng chống nước và bụi bẩn. HTC 10 evo cũng sở hữu cho mình tiêu chuẩn chống bụi và chống nước IP 57 có thể giúp bạn sử dụng trong các môi trường khắc nghiệt.. Để giảm giá thành thì cấu hình của. HTC 10 evo vì thế cũng đã bị cắt giảm từ. Snapdragon 810 , con chip mang khá nhiều tai tiếng vì lỗi quá nhiệt mà nó mang lại.. Hiệu năng vẫn mượt mà dù bị cắt giảm. Tuy nhiên với RAM lên tới 3 GB cùng bộ nhớ trong 32 GB và Android 7.0 thì máy cũng sẽ đáp ứng tốt cho bạn trong hầu hết các nhu cầu hằng ngày mà vẫn đảm bảo nhiệt độ mát mẻ.. Thoải mái mở rộng khả năng lưu trữ lên tới 2 TB. Máy cũng hỗ trợ khe cắm thẻ nhớ mở rộng với dung lượng tối đa lên tới 2 TB, cùng kết nối. giúp bạn truy cập internet nhanh chóng.. Trung Tín - Bạc Liêu Đã mua tại Thế giới di động. ❝ Sau 1 tháng sử dụng cảm thấy tuyệt vời, máy ko nóng như mình nghĩ, máy chới game ko nóng ko lag, anh em tắt hết ứng dụng chạy ngầm là ok. Anh chị ở chi nhánh TGDD huyện Phước long tỉnh Bạc liêu rất nhiệt tình và vui vẻ. Máy sở hữu camera chính với độ phân giải 16 MP, sở hữu công nghệ lấy nét theo pha cùng khả năng chống rung quang học OIS cho bạn những bức ảnh chi tiết cao, ít bị nhòe khi chụp rung tay.. Hình ảnh cho ra từ camera của máy là rất ấn tượng. Camera trước 8MP với khả năng chụp ảnh selfie góc rộng panorama là một cải tiến mới giúp việc tự sướng tập thể trở nên dễ dàng hơn bao giờ hết.. HTC 10 evo vẫn sở hữu cho mình công nghệ loa. Boomsound nổi tiếng, được rất nhiều người yêu thích trên các dòng sản phẩm của HTC.. Giải trí bất tận với âm thanh chất lượng. Máy cũng sử dụng cổng kết nối USB cho cả sạc pin, truyền dữ liệu và tai nghe. HTC cũng tặng kèm cho người dùng. một chiếc tai nghe chất lượng cao của HTC với khả năng quét môi trường để điều chỉnh âm thanh phù hợp cho từng trường hợp cụ thể.. HTC 10 evo sở hữu rất nhiều nét riêng của HTC dành riêng cho các sản phẩm cao cấp nhưng có mức giá bán rất hấp dẫn, đáng để bạn sở hữu và trải nghiệm.. Hoàng Giang - Đồng Tháp Đã mua tại Thế giới di động. ❝ Máy chạy rất mượt ,nghe nhạc thì khỏi chê vào đâu được bằng tai phone còn loa ngoài thì không thể so với dòng 2 loa nhưng chất lượng cũng rất tốt chỉ có điều âm không được to cho lắm ,còn khoản pin thì mình chỉ có thể đánh giá ở chế độ chờ như sau trước 10h đêm ngưng sữ dụng máy kiểm tra pin là 89% đến sáng hôm sau 7h sáng kiểm tra lại mức pin máy hiển thị 87%. sang ngày thứ 2 cũng là bài test tương tự trước 10h pin lúc này là 66% đến 7h sáng hôm sau xem lại máy hiển thị 63%. tất nhiên là tôi đã gỡ bỏ những ứng dụng không cần thiết. còn về nhiệt độ thì có đánh giá như sau , tôi thì nhu cầu sữ dụng không cao chỉ nghe nhac và thỉnh thoảng lướt web 5 - 10 phut , nghe nhạc là lâu nhất tầm khoản 3tiếng đến 4 tiếng mỗi ngày ở chết độ màn hình tất nhiệt độ vẫn mát như bình thường , chỉ khi nào lướt web mới ắm lên thôi còn xem video trực tuyến thì mới có dấu hiệu nóng. tóm lại khỏang pin và nhiệt độ máy thì tương đương với dòng Nokia lumia 930 chip s820 cách đây 2 năm gần đây nhất là iphone 5s giờ là htc 10 evo ❞. Hãy để lại thông tin để được hỗ trợ khi cần thiết (Không bắt buộc):. Gửi góp ý Cam kết bảo mật thông tin cá nhân. Mua ngay Xem hàng, không thích không mua. Trả góp lãi suất 0% Qua công ty tài chính. Thẻ nhớ Micro SD 16 GB Class 10. Pin sạc dự phòng 7.500 mAh eSaver LA Y103. Loa Bluetooth Selfie iCutes MB-M515 Heo Hồng. Gậy chụp ảnh Mini Cosano CW1. Phụ kiện dành cho HTC 10 evo. 155 đánh giá HTC 10 evo. Tìm hiều thêm về Gửi đánh giá để đổi quà. - Mỗi số điện thoại được nhận 1 lần coupon. - Nội dung đánh giá sẽ được duyệt trong vòng 60 phút. (Thời gian làm việc từ 7h30 đến 22h). - Coupon dùng để mua tất cả sản phẩm Thegioididong và DienmayXANH đang kinh doanh. - Coupon có thời hạn sử dụng trong vòng 30 ngày kể từ ngày phát hành. - Coupon chỉ dùng để mua hàng online. - Thegioididong chỉ tặng coupon cho các khách hàng đánh giá có số điện thoại trùng với thông tin đã mua của hệ thống. - Để tối ưu trong việc xác thực thông tin đánh giá, Thegioididong sẽ dựa trên số điện thoại quý khách cung cấp để tra cứu lịch sử mua hàng nhưng vẫn đảm bảo tính bảo mật cho thông tin của quý khách. - Thegioididong có quyền kiểm duyệt các đánh giá của quý khách để phù hợp với quy định của website, tham khảo tại đây: https://www.thegioididong.com/huong-dan-dang-binh-luan. Nhằm mang đến cho khách hàng góc nhìn thực tế về sản phẩm. Thegioididong.com tạo nên một sân chơi để khuyến khích mọi người cùng tham gia và xây dựng cộng đồng tư vấn sản phẩm hữu ích nhất cho người dùng. Hãy để lại đánh giá của bạn cho sản phẩm để tích điểm đổi quà nhé!. Sau vài tháng sử dụng, không có gì để chê trong tầm giá. Pin đủ dùng 1 ngày, sạc cũng rất nhanh. Máy khá nóng nhưng dùng ốp lưng thì ok. Cảm biến vân tay rất dễ trầy.. Mua 2 tháng trước. Thegioididong.com xác nhận: Khách hàng Châu Ngô Đã mua tại: 455 Tân Kỳ Tân Quý, P.Tân Quý, Q.Tân Phú, TP.Hồ Chí Minh. Khách | Nhập tên. KIỂU DÁNG, LOA MÀN HÌNH NÉT LÀ NHỮNG ĐIỂM MÌNH HÀI LÒNG, CÒN PIN VS CAMERA KHÔNG TỐT LẮM, PIN TUỘT KHÁ NHANH DÙ CÓ SẠC NHANH NHƯNG DO GÁNH MÀN 2K VS CON CHIP 810 LỖI NÓNG TRONG NGƯỜI NÊN KHI CHƠI GAME VÀ MÁY NÓNG LÊN LÀ CÓ BỊ GIẬT NHẸ. Mua 2 tháng trước. Thegioididong.com xác nhận: Khách hàng Tan Đã mua tại: 22/5 Phan Văn Hớn, ấp 7, xã Xuân Thới Thượng, Huyện Hóc Môn, TP.Hồ Chí Minh. Khách | Nhập tên. Tuyệt vời, dưới 8 triệu không biết camera sau con nào bằng htc 10 evo màn hình tuyệt đẹp xem phim cực thích thiết kế cực nam tính..khi sử dụng máy chỉ ấm chớ không nóng như mọi người đồn , pin online liên tục được 4.5 đến 5h.mình không choi game nên không biết có khác không.. Mua 2 tuần trước. Thegioididong.com xác nhận: Khách hàng Anh ba Đã mua tại: 131 Lê Hồng Phong, P. Pin máy mình on screen khoảng 3.5h :(. Mới mua 1 tuần tính đem đổi máy khác. Khách | Nhập tên. Bình luận mới vừa được thêm vào. 6.829 bình luận Xem bình luận kỹ thuật. thế này là sao ha AC. Chào anh, Trường hợp này thì có thể bên em có chút nhầm lẫn về sản phẩm đó anh nha. Bên em sẽ kiểm tra lại và sửa chữa ngay anh nhé. Rất cảm ơn anh đã góp ý cho bên em ạ.. Trả lời Hài lòng Không hài lòng 32 phút trước. Thegioididong.com rất tiếc đã làm bạn chưa hài lòng. Mời bạn góp ý để QTV Hoàng Vỹ phục vụ tốt hơn: Hãy để lại thông tin để được hỗ trợ khi cần thiết (không bắt buộc): GỬI. Hiện em đang kiểm tra lại thông tin, em sẽ phản hồi chỉnh sửa ngay sau khi có thông tin chính xác, rất cám ơn anh đã góp ý cho Thegioididong.com. Trả lời Hài lòng Không hài lòng 31 phút trước. Thegioididong.com rất tiếc đã làm bạn chưa hài lòng. Mời bạn góp ý để QTV Quốc Trung phục vụ tốt hơn: Hãy để lại thông tin để được hỗ trợ khi cần thiết (không bắt buộc): GỬI. Ok cam on,qtv quoc trung da tra loi giup minh. Mk sinh nam 14/06/1999 mk co giay chung minh va so ho khau mk du dieu kien de mua tra gop khong vay. Nguyễn Tuấn Anh Quản trị viên. Chào anh, Mong anh thông cảm ạ, hiện anh chưa đủ điều kiện về tuổi tác để mua trả góp ạ, anh cần đủ 20 tuổi mới có thể mua trả góp được ạ, vì đây là quy định của công ty tài chính nha. Trả lời Hài lòng Không hài lòng 2 giờ trước. Thegioididong.com rất tiếc đã làm bạn chưa hài lòng. Mời bạn góp ý để QTV Nguyễn Tuấn Anh phục vụ tốt hơn: Hãy để lại thông tin để được hỗ trợ khi cần thiết (không bắt buộc): GỬI. Htc 10 desire 10 pro 10evo va j7prime nen lua chon con nao ad. Chào bạn, Trường hợp này thì. HTC 10 evo đáp ứng tốt nhu cầu chơi game, chạy ứng dụng nặng, còn HTC Desire 10 Pro sử dụng tốt cho nhu cầu chụp ảnh bạn nhé. Trả lời Hài lòng Không hài lòng 2 giờ trước. Thegioididong.com rất tiếc đã làm bạn chưa hài lòng. Mời bạn góp ý để QTV Hoài Nhân phục vụ tốt hơn: Hãy để lại thông tin để được hỗ trợ khi cần thiết (không bắt buộc): GỬI. Minh can mua htc 10evo tra gop,,,minh lm 1thag 6trieu,,,sdt xxxx252981. Hiện tại Thegioididong.com đang có gói lãi suất ưu đãi 0% của công ty tài chính FECREDIT cho máy HTC 10 Evo đó anh, anh chỉ cần trả trước. 1.437.000₫ (30%) và góp dần mỗi tháng. 570.500₫ (góp 6 tháng) anh nha. Nếu quan tâm đến gói lãi suất này, anh có thể đến trực tiếp siêu thị để được hỗ trợ làm hồ sơ trả góp trực tiếp hoặc anh cũng có thể để lại. phản hồi ở đây, bên em sẽ liên hệ giúp anh làm hồ sơ trả góp online anh nhé.. Mong nhận được phản hồi từ anh.. Trả lời Hài lòng Không hài lòng 2 giờ trước. Thegioididong.com rất tiếc đã làm bạn chưa hài lòng. Mời bạn góp ý để QTV Quốc Trung phục vụ tốt hơn: Hãy để lại thông tin để được hỗ trợ khi cần thiết (không bắt buộc): GỬI. Tại cai lậy tiền Giang còn hàng ko anh. Sản phẩm trên tạm hết hàng tại TX Cai Lậy , tuy nhiên nếu anh quan tâm sản phẩm vui lòng anh để lại số điện thoại em hỗ trợ đặt và chuyển hàng về giúp anh từ 2-7 ngày nha anh !. Trả lời Hài lòng Không hài lòng 3 giờ trước. Thegioididong.com rất tiếc đã làm bạn chưa hài lòng. Mời bạn góp ý để QTV Thu Long phục vụ tốt hơn: Hãy để lại thông tin để được hỗ trợ khi cần thiết (không bắt buộc): GỬI. @Bảo Duy: anh ơi lỡ em đặt nhưng đế bữa em xuống lấy thì em thấy đt khác em ko lấy HTC mà lấy loại khác có gì ko a. Nếu anh không hài lòng thì có thể không mua và chọn mua sản phẩm khác được anh nhé. Trả lời Hài lòng Không hài lòng 3 giờ trước. Thegioididong.com rất tiếc đã làm bạn chưa hài lòng. Mời bạn góp ý để QTV Nhất Tuyển phục vụ tốt hơn: Hãy để lại thông tin để được hỗ trợ khi cần thiết (không bắt buộc): GỬI. bạn tư vấn viên cho hỏi, ở TPHCM thì máy HTC 10 evo hiện có tại cửa hàng nào. Anh vui lòng cho em biết anh có thể mua hàng ở quận/huyện nào được ạ !! Chia sẽ cùng anh ạ !!. Trả lời Hài lòng Không hài lòng 3 giờ trước. Thegioididong.com rất tiếc đã làm bạn chưa hài lòng. Mời bạn góp ý để QTV Đức Bảo phục vụ tốt hơn: Hãy để lại thông tin để được hỗ trợ khi cần thiết (không bắt buộc): GỬI. Hiện tại sản phẩm này đang còn hàng tại các siêu thị quận 1, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 10, anh vui lòng phản hồi thông tin 1 quận cụ thể để bên em có thể hỗ trợ thông tin đến anh được tốt hơn anh nhé. Trả lời Hài lòng Không hài lòng 3 giờ trước. Thegioididong.com rất tiếc đã làm bạn chưa hài lòng. Mời bạn góp ý để QTV Tấn Khải phục vụ tốt hơn: Hãy để lại thông tin để được hỗ trợ khi cần thiết (không bắt buộc): GỬI. Htc 10 evo co hong ngoai ko ad .. Chào bạn, Dạ máy không hỗ trợ cổng hồng ngoại bạn nhé. Trả lời Hài lòng Không hài lòng 3 giờ trước. Thegioididong.com rất tiếc đã làm bạn chưa hài lòng. Mời bạn góp ý để QTV Quốc Minh phục vụ tốt hơn: Hãy để lại thông tin để được hỗ trợ khi cần thiết (không bắt buộc): GỬI. Htc 10 evo o long khanh, dong nai con ko ad .. Sản phẩm trên tạm hết hàng tại TX Long Khánh , tuy nhiên nếu anh quan tâm sản phẩm vui lòng anh để lại số điện thoại em hỗ trợ đặt và chuyển hàng về giúp anh từ 2-7 ngày nha anh !. Trả lời Hài lòng Không hài lòng 3 giờ trước. Thegioididong.com rất tiếc đã làm bạn chưa hài lòng. Mời bạn góp ý để QTV Thu Long phục vụ tốt hơn: Hãy để lại thông tin để được hỗ trợ khi cần thiết (không bắt buộc): GỬI. E mua về chưa đc tháng mà dùng gọi video người bên kia rất khó nghe rõ em nói. E gọi bằng wifi và 4g tốc độ cao mà vẫn vậy. Thế có pải là lỗi máy ko đây. Chào bạn, Trường hợp này có thể do xung đột phần mềm tạm thời trên máy, bạn vui lòng tắt nguồn máy, sau đó khởi động lại và kiểm tra nhé. Trả lời Hài lòng Không hài lòng 3 giờ trước. Thegioididong.com rất tiếc đã làm bạn chưa hài lòng. Mời bạn góp ý để QTV Hoài Nhân phục vụ tốt hơn: Hãy để lại thông tin để được hỗ trợ khi cần thiết (không bắt buộc): GỬI. @Anh Nguyên: e đã thử nhìu lần mà vẫn vậy. Xem tiếp 3 trả lời khác ▾. Dạ trường hợp này bạn vui lòng cung cấp thêm thông tin là bạn gọi video call từ ứng dụng nào vậy ạ để mình có thể hỗ trợ kiểm tra cho bạn tốt hơn bạn nhé.. Mong nhận phản hồi từ bạn.. Trả lời Hài lòng Không hài lòng 3 giờ trước. Thegioididong.com rất tiếc đã làm bạn chưa hài lòng. Mời bạn góp ý để QTV Tuấn An phục vụ tốt hơn: Hãy để lại thông tin để được hỗ trợ khi cần thiết (không bắt buộc): GỬI. @Anh nguyên: e gọi trên facebook ạ. này thì bạn giúp mình vào cài đặt > ứng dụng > facebook > bộ nhớ hoặc lưu trữ > xóa dữ liệu sau đó tiến hành khởi động lại máy kiểm tra xem có cải thiện được. Trả lời Hài lòng Không hài lòng 2 giờ trước. Thegioididong.com rất tiếc đã làm bạn chưa hài lòng. Mời bạn góp ý để QTV Tuấn An phục vụ tốt hơn: Hãy để lại thông tin để được hỗ trợ khi cần thiết (không bắt buộc): GỬI. Màn hình: Hệ điều hành: Camera sau: Camera trước: CPU: RAM: Bộ nhớ trong: Thẻ nhớ: Thẻ SIM: Dung lượng pin:. Super LCD 3 , 5.5", Quad HD (2K). MicroSD, hỗ trợ tối đa 2 TB. 1 Nano SIM , Hỗ trợ 4G. HOT Mua sim 4G Viettel (2.5GB data/tháng). 3200 mAh, có sạc nhanh. Thông số kỹ thuật chi tiết HTC 10 evo. Hướng dẫn về HTC 10 evo. Thiết lập cấu hình APN mạng trên HTC 10 EVO. Ghi âm cuộc gọi trên HTC 10 EVO. Cách giới hạn thời gian gọi trên HTC 10 EVO. Tin tức về HTC 10 evo. So sánh Nokia 6 và HTC 10 Evo: Siêu phẩm tầm trung đối đầu. HTC 10 evo và HTC U11 đang giảm giá từ 500K đến 1.5 triệu đồng, click!. HTC 10 Evo chống nước, chip Qualcomm cao cấp, màn hình 2K giảm giá hấp dẫn. Loạt smartphone của HTC được cập nhật Android 8: Bắt đầu từ Q4/2017. Những smartphone tầm trung nhưng ngon không thua flagship chục triệu. Xem tất cả các tin liên quan. So sánh với các sản phẩm tương tự. Asus Zenfone 4 Max Pro ZC554KL. Màn hình 5.2" Camera sau 13 MP Pin 3000 mAh. Màn hình 5.2" Camera sau 13 MP Pin 2900 mAh. Màn hình 5.5" Camera sau 16 MP và 5 MP (2 camera) Pin 5000 mAh. Tìm hiểu về mua trả góp. Đăng ký cho thuê mặt bằng. Giới thiệu công ty (mwg.vn). Tìm siêu thị (1747 shop). Gọi mua hàng 1800.1060 (7:30 - 22:00). Gọi khiếu nại 1800.1062 (8:00 - 21:30). Gọi bảo hành 1800.1064 (8:00 - 21:00). Hỗ trợ kỹ thuật 1800.1763 (7:30 - 22:00). Công ty cổ phần Thế Giới Di Động. GPDKKD: 0303217354 do sở KH & ĐT TP.HCM cấp ngày 02/01/2007. GP số 22/GP-ICP-STTTT do Sở TTTT TP HCM cấp ngày 20/03/2012.. Địa chỉ: 128 Trần Quang Khải, P. Tân Định, Q.1, TP.Hồ Chí Minh. Chịu trách nhiệm nội dung: Huỳnh Văn Tốt. Xem chính sách sử dụng web. Đang xử lý, vui lòng đợi trong giây lát.... 
Hands-on with the HTC 10 Evo: bigger, waterproof and with tricksy USB-C.... HTC 10 Evo review: hands-on with HTC's new phone. SHOULD I BUY HTC 10 EVO?. HTC 10 Evo review: hands-on with HTC's new phone. HTC 10 Evo review: hands-on with HTC's new phone. Known as the HTC Bolt in the US, the HTC 10 Evo is the name for the new phone in the UK. Here's our hands-on review of the HTC 10 Evo, plus release date, specs and features. The HTC 10 Evo is bigger, but isn't a new flagship. Price comparison from over 24,000 stores worldwide View more prices. HTC 10 Evo review: Price and release date. HTC 10 Evo review: What's new?. 5.5in screen, 2560x1440, Super LCD, 534ppi. 32GB storage, expandable to 2TB via microSD. 16Mp main camera with 4K and Hi-Res Audio recording. Following on from the HTC 10 , the firm has now unveiled a successor of sorts: the HTC 10 Evo. But it's not a flagship and it doesn't actually replace the HTC 10. It's an evolution, adding a few new features, such as water resistance and clever USB-C headphones. Plus, it has a bigger screen at 5.5in.. We spent some time with the new phone, so here are our initial impressions: it's our hands-on HTC 10 Evo review. See also: 10 best new phones coming in 2017. Unfortunately, HTC hasn't confirmed a UK price or release date for the 10 Evo. However, we were told the price would be between £450 and £500.. This is roughly the price you'll pay today for a SIM-free HTC 10, so the phones will compete with each other, despite HTC's assertion that they won't.. What HTC has said is that the phone will be available in the UK exclusively from htc.com in Gunmetal and Glacier Silver. There's also an optional Attach case which has a grid of holes for attaching things like a kick stand and a front cover.. The '10 remains HTC's flagship phone, but the 10 Evo has a few features that might tempt those looking to upgrade from an older handset.. First, it has a larger screen - 5.5in against 5.2in - with the same quad-HD resolution. It drops the headphone jack in favour of using the USB-C port, and comes bundled with some clever adaptive headphones (more on those later).. It's also water-resistant, rated to IP57, and has a 'life-proof' Gorilla Glass 5 screen that's said to withstand most drops from 1.6m. But although it can withstand being immersed in water, HTC says you can't dunk it intentionally and that the water resistance will decrease with wear and tear.. HTC says the 3200mAh battery will give up to two days' battery life.. What sticks out here is the 810 processor. For what is an expensive phone launching at the tail-end of 2016, it's an expected sight. Performance - in our short time with the phone - was great but plenty of people will expect the latest processor. OnePlus has just announced the 3T which costs £399 and packs an 821, 6GB or RAM and 64GB of storage. The OnePlus 3 also has 6GB of RAM and 64GB storage with a Snapdragon 820 for £309.. HTC has also confirmed that the new phone is not compatible with Google Daydream headsets .. There are obviously many similarities to the HTC 10, but here there's even bigger chamfers and a flat - not curved - back. Despite the overall thickness of just over 8mm, it feels thin because of those chamfers, and it's comfortable to hold.. Due to the larger screen, it's a few millimetres taller and wider, and a few grams heavier. The home button is solid-state just like on the HTC 10. It doesn't click, and it doubles as a fingerprint scanner.. The rear is pleasingly symmetrical, with the dual-LED flash sitting centred above the antenna line. All that mars the look are the two tiny holes in the antenna lines, which are for mics.. You won't find a 3.5mm minijack on the top edge. Instead, the bundled earphones connect via USB-C. Apple has already demonstrated that you can have extra features if you move away from an analogue port to a powered digital one, and so it is with the HTC 10 Evo.. Both buds have ultrasonic sensors which scan your ears and adjust the equaliser automatically - and independently for each ear to 'tune' it to your hearing. You do this when you first connect the headphones out of the box and create a profile. But it's quick and easy to re-scan whenever you like.. You might do this if you're on a flight and the air pressure changes, or if you move from listening in a quiet place to loud one. The scan and adjustment takes around a second. Trying the headphones out in a relatively quiet room, the difference between a flat and custom EQ was really noticeable. Being able to flip between stock and tuned profiles meant we could easily hear how the latter brought out much more treble and clarity to instruments and vocals.. The headphones also have plenty of bass and, although we had only a short time with them and were unable to listen to any Hi-Res Audio tracks, we were impressed. You don't get a USB-C to minijack adaptor in the box, but most people will be perfectly happy to use the bundled ones.. And in case you're wondering, the Evo uses the same BoomSound speakers as the HTC 10, so one speaker is in the bottom edge, the other in the earpiece on the front.. The One M9 had a 20Mp sensor, the 10 a 12Mp sensor and now in the 10 Evo, we're back up to 16Mp. It's a 4:3 sensor and uses this aspect ratio for 16Mp images and doesn't default to a lower resolution at 16:9 like many phones. The lens has an f/2.0 aperture and there's OIS which works for video as well.. Video tops out at 4K / 30fps, but it's a bit disappointing there's no option for 60fps at 1080p. Like the HTC 10 there's a Pro mode that lets you take RAW photos as well as play around with settings including taking long exposures. Instead of using laser AF like the 10, this camera opts for phase detection.. It wasn't possible to tell in the short time we had with the Evo whether it was an improvement on the HTC 10 or not. It's as responsive as you'd expect from a top-end phone though, with very fast focusing and no shutter lag even in relatively low light.. At the front is an 8Mp selfie camera with a 'selfie panorama' mode.. Running Android 7.0, you get all the latest features including split-screen view and the new security settings. With the fingerprint scanner you can unlock the phone and - with the Boost+ app - also use your finger to unlock apps.. We're fans of HTC's Sense overlay, and the Freestyle Layout lets you put icons and widgets wherever you like without being bound by a grid.. We'll update this hands-on review when we've had time to benchmark the phone and properly test out the cameras.. Micro-SD card slot (up to 2TB). 16Mp rear camera with phase-detection auto focus, OIS and dual-tone flash. 8Mp front camera with selfie panorama. Non-removable 3200mAh battery with Quick Charge 2.0. Micro-SD card slot (up to 2TB). 16Mp rear camera with phase-detection auto focus, OIS and dual-tone flash. 8Mp front camera with selfie panorama. Non-removable 3200mAh battery with Quick Charge 2.0. Although HTC hasn't confirmed the price yet, it says the 10 Evo will be the best in its class - of £450 to £500 phones. However, that conveniently ignores cheaper phones such as the OnePlus 3 which has a faster processor, more RAM and more storage, and it certainly makes the newcomer appear overpriced even considering its IP57 rating and its clever headphones.. However, we'll update this with a definitive conclusion once we've spent more time with the phone.. Price comparison from over 24,000 stores worldwide View more prices. I saw this on Tech Advisor and thought you should see it too.. The art of 'British' pulp fiction. TV & streaming : comment regarder le Tournoi des Six Nations 2018 ?. UK Tech Weekly Podcast: Soundcloud / iTunes. 
"The ultimate multimedia experience at Sprint 3G and 4G speeds" [1]. Android 2.1 Eclair at release. ( 2010-12-15 ) , HTC Sense , upgradable to 2.3.5 Gingerbread via HTC. Unofficially supported up to 4.4 KitKat via community [3]. GHz Qualcomm QSD8650 ( Snapdragon ) or 1.2. GHz Dual Core Cortex-A9 based on Mediatek. Adreno 200 or PowerVR SGX 531. 512 MB RAM or 1GB RAM. 1 GB ROM (358 MB free). 8 GB microSD (up to 32. 1500 mAh Lithium-ion battery. Multi-touch touchscreen display. Ambient light sensor or 4.1.2 Jelly Bean (only for SGX 531). 480×800 ( WVGA ) TFT LCD at 217 ppi. backside illumination [4] [5] 8 MP autofocus with dual LED flash, rear-facing. Dual-band CDMA / EVDO Rev. A (800 1900 MHz ). GHz WiMAX 802.16e [6]. Wi-Fi ( 802.11b/g/n ), [7] Bluetooth 2.1 + EDR. Wi-Fi Hot Spot, Video Kick Stand, FM-Radio, GPS navigation. Screen and input [ edit ]. Processor and memory [ edit ]. Audio and output [ edit ]. Battery and power [ edit ]. 30 frames per second cap [ edit ]. Device clock reference [ edit ]. HTC EVO 4G PC World Review. This article is about the smartphone released in 2010. For the smartphone released in 2012, see HTC Evo 4G LTE .. This article contains content that is written like an advertisement. Please help improve it by removing promotional content and inappropriate external links , and by adding encyclopedic content written from a neutral point of view. (April 2014) ( Learn how and when to remove this template message ). The HTC Evo 4G (trademarked in capitals as EVO 4G, also marketed as HTC EVO WiMAX ISW11HT in Japan) is a smartphone developed by HTC Corporation and marketed as Sprint's flagship Android smartphone, running on its WiMAX network. The smartphone launched on June 4, 2010 and was the first 4G enabled smartphone released in the United States. 2.1 Screen and input. 2.2 Processor and memory. 2.5 Audio and output. 2.7 Battery and power. 4.1 30 frames per second cap. 4.3 Device clock reference. During development, the device was known as the HTC "Supersonic", which was leaked through the Internet and was known as a variant of the HTC HD2 running Android.. The EVO was released on June 4, 2010 in the United States through Sprint. [10] The device became the top-selling launch day phone on Sprint , surpassing the Palm Pre , Samsung Instinct and Motorola Razr V3. The HTC EVO features hardware very similar to the HTC HD2 , a smartphone running Windows Mobile. The device is sometimes referenced as the Android version of the HTC HD2 although a variety of features are only available on the EVO 4G ( video calling for example).. The EVO proved a trendsetter among Android phones. Unlike many other smart-phones at the time of its release, the EVO has a large 4.3-inches (480-by-800) TFT LCD capacitive touch screen display with a pixel density of 217 pixels per inch (ppi). Larger sizes are commonplace now, but in mid-2010, this was quite innovative. The display is designed to be used with a bare finger or multiple fingers at one time for multi-touch sensing. Most gloves and styli prevent the necessary electric conductivity needed for use on the capacitive display.. The EVO has a balanced hardware-software user interface, featuring seven hardware/touch sensitive buttons, four of which are on the front of the device. Input and interaction with the device is balanced between the hardware and software user interface and in most situations require users to use hardware/touch sensitive buttons often throughout Android OS. Like most Gingerbread era Android devices, the EVO features four main touch-sensitive buttons on the front. — Home, Menu, Back, and Search. The Home button returns to the Sense Home screen. The Menu button shows menu options in various applications although it can also be used for other purposes, the Back button is used to return to the prior page or screen displayed, and the Search button mainly allows searching through the phone but can be used for other purposes in various applications. Unlike iPhones, the device does not feature a hardware ringer switch. [12] The volume adjustment control is located on the left spine. A multifunction sleep/wake button is located on the top of the device, which serves as the unit's power and sleep button and also controls phone calls. The touchscreen furnishes the remainder of the user interface .. The device responds to four sensors. A proximity sensor deactivates the display and touchscreen when the device is brought near the face during a call. This is done to save battery power and to prevent inadvertent inputs via users' faces and ears. An ambient light sensor adjusts the display brightness, which in turn saves battery power. A 3-axis accelerometer senses the orientation of the phone and changes the screen accordingly, allowing users to easily switch between page orientation modes. A geomagnetism sensor provides orientation with respect to Earth's magnetic field. The proximity sensor and the accelerometer can also be used to control and/or interact with third party apps, notably games. The device also contains a temperature sensor used for monitoring the temperature of the battery.. The device also features a GPS chip, allowing applications (with user permission) to report device location allowing for location-based services and can also be useful to turn-by-turn navigation apps.. The EVO is powered by the Qualcomm QSD8650 chipset that contains a Snapdragon Scorpion microprocessor clocked at 1. GHz and an embedded Adreno 200 graphics chip capable of up to 22 million triangles per second.. MB of eDRAM, which allows for a smoother experience with Android OS, applications, and the HTC Sense user interface. MB of built-in ROM that is mainly used for the system software.. The EVO features a rear-facing backside illumination [4] [5] 8-megapixel camera capable of recording videos in 720p at 30 frames per second and dual photoflash, which helps to illuminate objects in low-light conditions. In addition, the EVO has a 1.3-megapixel camera on front of the device designed for use with video calling and for taking portrait images, although it can also be used in other applications. The front facing camera does not work on any versions of Android higher than 2.3.7 Gingerbread.. Like many other Android mobile devices, the HTC EVO 4G features a microSD slot in addition to the built-in ROM that allows for user-expandable storage. The device supports microSD cards of sizes up to 32. With Android version 2.2+ (Froyo) available as an over-the-air upgrade, the OS supports applications that permit themselves to be installed on the SD card.. The device comes pre-installed with an 8 GB microSDHC card of Class 2 or 4.. The rear of the EVO sports a speaker that is used for most applications like music, applications, and such as the main speaker. A loudspeaker that serves as an earpiece is located above the screen. The microphone is featured on the bottom of the phone and is used for phone calls and voice-commands, although it can also be used in many other third-party applications. The unit has an HDMI-out ( type D , micro connector) port, [13] which allows sending content to an HD television set. The Sprint Mobile Hotspot application allows sharing the device's mobile broadband with up to eight devices.. The EVO features a CDMA cellular radio that supports 3G EVDO, Revisions 0, A, and the yet-undeployed B [ citation needed ] allowing faster download and upload speeds, greater power efficiency; and WiMAX, a protocol known as 802.16e, featuring speeds of up to 10 Mbit/s on the downlink and 1.5 Mbit/s on the uplink. The device is marketed as a 4G phone, WiMAX is considered to be a 4G technology based on 4G standards recently set by ITU-R. 4G for this device does not work on Android versions above 2.3.7 Gingerbread.. The device comes pre-installed with a 1500 mAh Li-ion rechargeable battery that is designed to be user-replaceable. The battery is interchangeable with batteries from the HTC Incredible , HTC Touch Pro 2 , HTC Arrive , and HTC Hero (CDMA). Stand by for the pre installed battery is 146 hr. and talk time is 5hr.12 min.. The device sports the HTC Sense user interface that runs on top of the Android operating system and presents information through the Android desktop widgets and application, and includes launchers, app drawer, and lock screen replacements. Sense also brings a modified browser and home screen as well. The device first came with Android OS 2.1 "Eclair" although Android OS 2.2 "Froyo" has since been rolled out through OTA (Over-The-Air) making it the third device to officially run "Froyo" and the first to be officially rolled out by a US network. [14] [15] Exactly a year after the phone's official release, the EVO received an update to Android 2.3.3 (Gingerbread). The software could be manually installed by searching for a software update, and began being pushed to HTC EVOs across Sprint on June 6, 2011. Improvements aside from the upgraded Android OS include a fix for battery issues, increases battery life, includes the ability to sync multiple Gmail accounts, and a few user interface tweaks. A second update was pushed by Sprint on June 20, 2011, fixing magnetometer (compass) issues, Netflix streaming, voicemail notifications, and hearing aid compatibility. The EVO has also seen support from the developer community with Android versions including Ice Cream Sandwich 4.0, Jelly Bean 4.1 - 4.3, and finally KitKat 4.4, some of which are available with HTC Sense while other available versions are based on stock Android. As of the end of 2016, there is very little, if any, support from the community due to the age of the device and the fact that it is nearly impossible to run newer versions of Android (5.0+) on this device.. In HTC Sense, the interface is based around home screen panels which in total are seven panels that allows user-customization. By default, the center home screen panel features a digital clock located on the top of the screen and weather animations of the current weather in the device's location, the remaining space in the bottom can be customized to user preferences. The launcher, located at the bottom of the screen, displays icons to open the App Drawer, Phone application, and the ability to add widgets on the Android desktop, and is shown throughout all seven home screen panels. Users can switch from one panel to another by sliding left or right. A small bar that sits on top of the launcher represents the current panel the device is viewing. Pinching the home screen (or pressing the home button if the user is on the center panel) brings up Leap screen, showing thumbnail views of all the home screen panels and allowing users to "leap" to another home screen panel easily. Unlike other custom user interfaces for the Android OS like Samsung's TouchWiz UI, HTC Sense does not allow disabling or removing a panel.. Most of the input on the device is given through the touchscreen, which understands complex gestures using multi-touch. Android's interaction techniques enable moving up or down by a touch-drag motion of the finger. However the buttons on the front of the device will also require frequent use throughout various applications in Android OS as the buttons play an important part in the user interface.. Some users have experienced noticeable graphics lag and/or slowness while using the phone. [16] Various reports throughout the Internet indicated that the device may have a 30 frames per second cap. An HTC representative announced that it was a hardware cap, not subject to software updates. [17] Despite the repeated claims regarding the supposed hardware cap, HTC released an update on September 22, 2010 that, among other things, removed the 30 FPS cap. There have been many problems with the screen. Some of the first customers complained of screen separation; HTC acknowledged the problem and was able to limit the number of affected units. [19] Another problem with the screen has been a bright spot in the lower area of the screen. This problem is commonly referred to as the B-spot because it is exactly where the B on the keyboard is. [20] This bright spot is only noticeable when using a bright background. The B-spot is also noticeable when screen display is set to automatic brightness.. The device clock is 15 seconds faster than Coordinated Universal Time (UTC), either with Android 2.1, 2.2 or 2.3; a manual clock setting does not override seconds, and root authority would be needed to overcome issue using Network Time Protocol (ntp) software. The 15-second offset hints the number of leap seconds introduced since GPS inception in 1980 rather than an epoch issue and was reported as an Android bug on Dec 16, 2009. [21] Certain phones running Android including Samsung EPIC do not exhibit the issue, possibly because firmware fetches UTC value rather than GPS from Network time, or subtracts leap second offset. Sprint, HTC, OHA, Google and goodandevo.net were informed of the aforesaid issue earlier than October 2010. HTC update 3.70.651.1 released on 2010-12-15 still did not overcome the issue, and neither did build 4.22.651.2 (Android 2.3.3) released on 2011-06-03. Finally, on 2012-01-19, HTC software update 4.67.651.3 overcame the issue, just a week before the end of life for the EVO was announced. Users have complained that the battery life for the Evo is inadequate and incapable of lasting one day of normal use. [23] This has spawned the creation of pages dedicated to explaining how to optimize the battery life, [24] and even an aftermarket extra large battery that enlarges the unit. In addition, there is a software error that causes a severely depleted battery to become unable to be charged in the phone. The OTA upgrade to Android 2.3.3 fixes this issue along with improving device battery life on the whole.. The EVO's design is derived from its Windows Mobile-based brother, the HTC HD2 , which also has a 4.3-inch (110. mm) multi-touch capacitive touchscreen, nearly the same slim profile, and the same placements of most general components and buttons. Although similar, the EVO has features that distinguish it from the HTC HD2 including the front-facing camera, the circular-shaped rear camera, and touch-sensitive buttons instead of hardware buttons. The device has nearly the same dimensions, namely. The phone comes with a one-year warranty, which does not cover scratches, cracks, smudge marks, liquid damage, and other forms of physical damage. Sending phones for repair is typically handled by the phone service provider, rather than through HTC. ^ "Sprint | News Release". ^ "Sprint | News Release". Archived from the original on 2009-06-22. ^ vinman12 (11 April 2014). Retrieved 31 December 2016. ^ a b Teardown of the HTC EVO 4G Smart Phone. » Chipworks Archived 2011-07-22 at the Wayback Machine. ^ a b Zimmerman, Steven (12 October 2016). "Sony IMX378: Comprehensive Breakdown of the Google Pixel's Sensor and its Features". Retrieved 17 October 2016. ^ "HTC Mobile Phones - EVO Sprint - Overview". ^ "HTC EVO 4G Update Back With Improved Wi-Fi". ^ "Sprint HTC EVO 4G". ^ "Sprint's HTC EVO, the First Ever 4G Phone: Meet the New Terrific". Archived from the original on April 24, 2010. ^ Is Sprint Too Early With The HTC EVO 4G Phone? , ChannelWeb, 25 March 2010, archived from the original on 27 March 2010 , retrieved 2010-03-26. ^ "HTC EVO 4G overtakes Palm Pre for best-selling launch day on Sprint". Lee, How to quickly silence your HTC EVO 4G , Good and EVO, 3 June 2010. ^ "Hands-on with the HTC Evo 4G's HDMI-out". Retrieved 16 August 2015. ^ "Sprint says "Us, too!" when it comes to Froyo". ^ "HTC Evo 4G AppBrain App Market". Archived from the original on 2010-10-27. "HTC EVO 4G's graphics capped at 30FPS?". Retrieved 16 August 2015. "HTC says EVO 4G's 30fps cap on video output can't be increased". Retrieved 16 August 2015. "Confirmed: EVO 4G update removes framerate cap". Retrieved 16 August 2015. ^ "Updates on HTC Evo 4G issues: Screen separation is minor, software fix coming for sensitivity trouble - VentureBeat - Mobile - by Devindra Hardawar". Retrieved 16 August 2015. ^ "Inactive or retired community". Retrieved 16 August 2015. ^ "Issue 5485 - android - Clock on Droid set to GPS time, not UTC - Android Open Source Project - Issue Tracker - Google Project Hosting". Retrieved 16 August 2015. "HTC EVO 4G and EVO View 4G reportedly reach end-of-life status". Retrieved 2 April 2012. ^ "A Bold Phone Fades a Bit in the Details". "Tips to Extending HTC Evo Battery Life (And Brief Rant)". Retrieved 16 August 2015. ^ "HTC Support - HTC United States". Retrieved 16 August 2015 .. HTC Android devices. Butterfly (J Butterfly / Droid DNA). Butterfly S (Butterfly S Hello Kitty Limited Edition). Desire 600 (Desire 600C / Desire 608T). Desire 700 (Desire 709D / Desire 7060 / Desire 7088). Desire 516 (Desire 516C / Desire 516G / Desire 316). Desire 620 (Desire 620G / Desire 820 Mini). Desire 820 (Desire 820G+ / Desire 820Q / Desire 820S). Desire 526 (Desire 526G / Desire 526G+). Desire 626 (Desire 626G / Desire 626G+ / Desire 626S). One S (One S Special Edition). One (M7) (One (M7) Google Play Edition / J One). One (M8) (One (M8) Google Play Edition / One (M8) Harman Kardon Edition / One (M8 Eye) / One M8S). One M9 (One M9 Prime Camera Edition / One M9(S)). One M9+ (One M9+ Supreme Camera Edition). Raider 4G (Velocity 4G / Vivid). Nokia 770 / N800 / N810 / N900. Motorola ROKR Z6 / RAZR2 V8. Neo 1973 / FreeRunner. Categories : Mobile phones introduced in 2010 HTC mobile phones Android (operating system) devices Touchscreen mobile phones. Hidden categories: Webarchive template wayback links Articles with a promotional tone from April 2014 All articles with a promotional tone All articles with unsourced statements Articles with unsourced statements from February 2011. Not logged in Talk Contributions Create account Log in. Main page Contents Featured content Current events Random article Donate to Wikipedia Wikipedia store. Help About Wikipedia Community portal Recent changes Contact page. What links here Related changes Upload file Special pages Permanent link Page information Wikidata item Cite this page. Create a book Download as PDF Printable version. العربية تۆرکجه 日本語 Norsk Русский 中文. This page was last edited on 27 October 2017, at 14:46. Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License ;. By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc. 
