GSM 850 / 900 / 1800 / 1900 - SIM 1 & SIM 2. HSDPA 850 / 900 / 1900 / 2100. LTE band 1(2100), 3(1800), 5(850), 7(2600), 8(900), 28(700), 38(2600), 39(1900), 40(2300), 41(2500). 153.9 x 75.9 x 8 mm (6.06 x 2.99 x 0.31 in). Super LCD capacitive touchscreen, 16M colors. 5.5 inches, 83.4 cm 2 (~71.4% screen-to-body ratio). 1080 x 1920 pixels, 16:9 ratio (~401 ppi density). microSD, up to 256 GB (dedicated slot). 13 MP (f/2.0, 28mm), autofocus, OIS, dual-LED dual-tone flash. Geo-tagging, touch focus, face detection, panorama, HDR. - Active noise cancellation with dedicated mic. Wi-Fi 802.11 a/b/g/n/ac, dual-band, Wi-Fi Direct, DLNA, hotspot. SMS (threaded view), MMS, Email, Push Email. We can not guarantee that the information on this page is 100% correct. HTC One X9 - user opinions and reviews. The phone does not have Bengali key board options, we ask for updating. Good battery, WiFi and GPS reception and impressive in performance. Samsung Apple Nokia Sony LG HTC Motorola Huawei Microsoft Lenovo Xiaomi Google Acer Asus Oppo OnePlus Meizu BlackBerry Alcatel ZTE Toshiba Vodafone Energizer XOLO Lava Micromax BLU Gionee vivo LeEco Panasonic HP YU verykool Maxwest Plum. One X9, Desire 825, HTC Desire 530, Desire 630. HTC One X10 HTC Desire 10 Pro HTC One M9 HTC One A9 HTC One M9+ HTC One E9+. HTC U11 Eyes HTC One (M8) HTC 10 HTC U11+ HTC Desire 10 Pro HTC U11. 
Email me special HTC and select partner offers, product information and newsletters.. To review our privacy policy, please Click Here .. We have received your information and will send you HTC updates soon.. WHAT CAN WE HELP YOU WITH?. Introducing the HTC One X9, the city-smart phone loaded with top tier features, a long-lasting battery life and your best selfies ever.. Made with city swagger, the HTC One X9 packs style and high-tech performance into a silky-smooth design. Featuring full frontal glass display and an over 70% screen-to-body ratio. Available in Opal Silver and Carbon Grey.. Big screens don’t have to be bulky. Fitting a 5.5” FHD screen into a slender body, the HTC One X9 boasts a 401 PPI display for remarkable details.. The main camera of the HTC One X9 features OIS for sharp, bright photos in an instant. Our most advanced OIS uses an anti-shake lens to reduce blur. Capture all your big city moments, day or night. Great selfies with the HTC One X9 are easier than ever. Thanks to Auto Selfie, all you need to do is raise your camera and smile! You can even enhance your look before taking your selfie with Live Makeup.. Save your images in the format pro photographers prefer. RAW capture in Pro mode lets you capture a wider range of colour and camera sensor info, for easy image exposure adjustments, white balance control and much more.. Speed your videos up to 12x, or enjoy them at 2x speed, with a super smooth hyperlapse setting. Add new effects and make memorable moments even more unforgettable.. Push play and you’ll immediately hear how HTC BoomSound™ and Dolby Audio Surround™ combine to take your music, films and games to the next level with clear vocals, deep bass and fine audio detail. You’ll enjoy rich audio from both external speakers as well as headphones.. The HTC One X9’s built-in amp provides the raw power needed to bring out the best in your music collection, for a superior audio experience you’ll crave.. The HTC One X9 is more customisable than ever. From a behaviour-detecting homescreen widget to personalised wallpaper, ring tones and more, you’ll get everything you need in a glance.. Customise your phone based on your style, and choose from hundreds of themes or create your own! You can even turn a photo or selfie into an instant theme, and match the wallpaper, colour and fonts however you want.. HTC Sense Home is a behaviour-detecting home screen widget that automatically displays apps based on your location, for different apps at the office and at home.. HTC BlinkFeed keeps you up-to-date with the latest entertainment, news, social posts, event notifications and mealtime recommendations.. Size 1 153.9 x 75.9 x 7.99 mm CPU Speed Network 4. FDD: Bands 1, 3, 5, 7, 8, 28. TDD: Bands 38, 39, 40, 41. Support Cat 4 LTE, download up to 150 Mbps, upload up to 50Mbps. Main camera : 13 MP, auto-focus, BSI sensor, OIS, ƒ/2.0, 4K video recording. Front camera : 5 MP, FF, BSI sensor, f/2.8, 1080p video recording. Main camera : 13-megapixel with 1.12 μm pixels, Auto-focus, BSI sensor, Optical image stabilisation (OIS), ƒ/2.0 aperture and 27.9mm focal length (74.8° wide angle), dual tone LED flash, Selfie timer up to 10 seconds, Face detection, Volume button as shutter button, Volume button to zoom, Pro mode with manual controls and RAW format, HDR mode, Panorama mode up to 270 degree, Continuous shooting up to 6 fps, Hyperlapse, 4X slow motion video recording at HD 720p solution and 120 fps, playback at 30 fps, 4K video recording(3840 x 2176) at 30 fps, Video Pic (capture a 2-megapixel photo while recording Full HD 1080p video). Front camera : 5-megapixel with 1.12 μm pixels, Fixed-focus, BSI sensor, f/2.8 aperture and 33.7mm focal length (65° wide angle), Live make-up, Auto selfie (smile selfie, still selfie), Voice Selfie, Selfie timer up to 10 seconds, HDR mode, Full HD 1080p video recording (1920 x 1080) at 30 fps, Video Pic (capture 2-megapixel photo while recording Full HD 1080p video), Face detection, Touch to capture, Volume button as shutter button. Weight 170g(1) Platform 2 Memory 5. Extended memory: microSD™ up to 2TB. ROM: 32GB / RAM: 3GB Available storage for users: about 23.3 GB. Extended memory: microSD™ up to 2TB. Wi-Fi ® : 802.11 a/b/g/n/ac (2.4 & 5 GHz). Playback : .aac, .amr, .ogg, .m4a, .mid, .mp3, .wav, .wma, .flac. Playback : .3gp, .3g2, .mp4, .wmv, .avi, .mkv. Display SIM Card Type 3 GPS Sound Battery 6. Talk time on 3G network : up to 15.36 hours. Standby time on 3G network : up to 744 hours. 5.5 inch, Full HD 1080p (1920 x 1080 pixels) Pixel density at 401 ppi (pixel per inch) super LCD Curve edge Gorilla Glass Display colour personalisation. 5.5 inch, Full HD 1080p (1920 x 1080 pixels) Pixel density at 401 ppi (pixel per inch) super LCD Curve edge Gorilla Glass Display colour personalisation. Dual Nano SIM Dual 4G LTE SIM slot SIM card manager. Set up mobile data connection without swapping SIM cards in existing SIM slots.. Internal GPS antenna + GLONASS + Beidou. HTC BoomSound™ with Dolby Audio™* *Manufactured under licence from Dolby Laboratories. Thickness of device is measured at the edge of device. Thickness may be different at different parts of device.. All units of measurement may vary slightly according to manufacturing tolerance.. Platform may be different after software update.. Dual 4G LTE SIM slot with 4G LTE active in one SIM slot. Network bands in regions may be different, depending on the mobile operator and your location. 4G LTE only available in select countries. Upload and download speeds also depend on the mobile provider.. Available storage is less due to phone software. Available storage is subject to change based on phone software updates and apps usage. Extended memory limited to available microSD card size.. MicroSD cards have to be mounted before used as adapted storage. Test conditions: The battery claims herein may vary based on mobile network, location, signal strength, feature configurations, phone usage and many other factors. All batteries have limited recharge cycles and eventually need to be replaced. Battery life and charge cycles vary by use and settings. Battery tests are conducted in HTC laboratories using specific HTC devices. All test devices are connected to a 4G network except for Wi-Fi-based tests. HD video playback is conducted with 720P HD MP4 video on a device with audio through a headset, with default screen brightness and audio level (without Dolby). Audio playback is conducted with an MP3 audio file with audio output through a headset with default audio level (without Dolby). Internet use over Wi-Fi tests are conducted using a dedicated web server. Device browsed snapshot versions of 10 popular web pages. All settings are set to default except Auto-Brightness is turned off.. A Standby time specification ("specification") is an industry standard that is only intended to allow comparison of different mobile devices under the same circumstances. Power consumption in a standby state is strongly dependent on factors including but not limited to network, settings, location, movement, signal strength and cell traffic. Comparisons of different mobile devices using such a specification can therefore only be done in a controlled laboratory environment. When using any mobile device in real life circumstances for which the mobile device is intended, the standby time could be considerably lower and will be strongly dependent on the factors mentioned above.. Note: Specifications may be different after software update and are subject to change without prior notice.. Australia Österreich Bangladesh Brazil Canada - English Canada - Français Česká republika 中国 Danmark Deutschland España Suomi France Hong Kong 香港 Hrvatska India Indonesia Ireland Italia 日本 Казахстан América Latina Malaysia Magyarország Middle East الشرق الأوسط Myanmar Nederland New Zealand Norge Pakistan Россия и СНГ Polska România Schweiz Singapore Sri Lanka Sverige 台灣 ประเทศไทย Türkiye Україна United Kingdom United States Việt Nam Saudi Arabia. Australia Österreich Bangladesh Brazil Canada - English Canada - Français Česká republika 中国 Danmark Deutschland España Suomi France Hong Kong 香港 Hrvatska India Indonesia Ireland Italia 日本 Казахстан América Latina Malaysia Magyarország Middle East الشرق الأوسط Myanmar Nederland New Zealand Norge Pakistan Россия и СНГ Polska România Schweiz Singapore Sri Lanka Sverige 台灣 ประเทศไทย Türkiye Україна United Kingdom United States Việt Nam Saudi Arabia. Australia Österreich Bangladesh Brazil Canada - English Canada - Français Česká republika 中国 Danmark Deutschland España Suomi France Hong Kong 香港 Hrvatska India Indonesia Ireland Italia 日本 Казахстан América Latina Malaysia Magyarország Middle East الشرق الأوسط Myanmar Nederland New Zealand Norge Pakistan Россия и СНГ Polska România Schweiz Singapore Sri Lanka Sverige 台灣 ประเทศไทย Türkiye Україна United Kingdom United States Việt Nam Saudi Arabia. Australia Österreich Bangladesh Brazil Canada - English Canada - Français Česká republika 中国 Danmark Deutschland España Suomi France Hong Kong 香港 Hrvatska India Indonesia Ireland Italia 日本 Казахстан América Latina Malaysia Magyarország Middle East الشرق الأوسط Myanmar Nederland New Zealand Norge Pakistan Россия и СНГ Polska România Schweiz Singapore Sri Lanka Sverige 台灣 ประเทศไทย Türkiye Україна United Kingdom United States Việt Nam Saudi Arabia. Terms of use Privacy policy Recycling. Smartphones RE Camera Nexus Tablet Buy Now Newsroom Company Overview Corporate Responsibility Investor. HTC Accessories Partners HTC Blog HTC Dev HTC Vive. Innovations Ultrapixel camera HTC Transfer Power to Give HTC Connect Privacy Policy Terms of Use Code of Conduct Copyright Product Security Fraud Warning Learn More. Support Center Warranty Policy HTC Advantage Working at HTC. Smartphones RE Camera Nexus Tablet Buy Now Innovations Ultrapixel camera HTC Transfer Power to Give HTC Connect Support Center Warranty Policy HTC Advantage Newsroom Company Overview Corporate Responsibility Investor HTC Accessories Partners HTC Blog HTC Dev HTC Vive Privacy Policy Terms of Use Code of Conduct Copyright Product Security Fraud Warning Learn More Working at HTC. Terms of use Privacy policy Recycling. 
Home Shop MWC News Reviews Features Opinions Videos The Gadgets 360 Show Cell Guru Prime Tech Smartphone Reviews Tech and Gadget Reviews How-To Videos Video Game Reviews and Features Top Lists by Gadgets 360 Unboxing and Hands-On Videos Podcasts Compare Mobiles Phone Finder DEALS. Mobiles Tablets Apps Gaming Cameras PC/Laptops AUDIO/VIDEO How To Telecom Science INDIA INTERNET SOCIAL MEDIA WEARABLES हिंदी. Acer Adcom Alcatel Apple Archos Asus BlackBerry Blu Celkon Coolpad Datawind Fly Gionee HTC Huawei iBall iBerry Idea InFocus Intex iVoomi Jivi Karbonn Lava LeEco Lenovo LG Lyf Maxx Mobile Meizu Micromax Microsoft Motorola MTS Nokia Obi Oppo Panasonic Philips Ringing Bells Samsung Sony Spice Swipe Videocon Vivo Wickedleak Xiaomi Xolo Yu Zen Ziox Zopo ZTE. Home Mobiles Phone Finder HTC One X9. SPECIFICATIONS USER REVIEWS NEWS. Share on Facebook Tweet Share Share Email Reddit. HTC One X9 smartphone was launched in December 2015. The phone comes with a 5.50-inch touchscreen display with a resolution of 1080 pixels by 1920 pixels at a PPI of 401 pixels per inch. HTC One X9 price in India starts from Rs. The HTC One X9 is powered by octa-core MediaTek Helio X10 processor and it comes with 3GB of RAM. The phone packs 32GB of internal storage that can be expanded up to 2000GB via a microSD card. As far as the cameras are concerned, the HTC One X9 packs a 13-megapixel primary camera on the rear and a 5-megapixel front shooter for selfies. The HTC One X9 runs Android 6.0 and is powered by a 3000mAh non removable battery. It measures 153.90 x 75.90 x 7.90 (height x width x thickness) and weigh 170.00 grams. The HTC One X9 is a dual SIM (GSM and GSM) smartphone that accepts Nano-SIM and Nano-SIM. Connectivity options include Wi-Fi, GPS, Bluetooth, 3G and 4G (with support for Band 40 used by some LTE networks in India). Sensors on the phone include Compass Magnetometer, Proximity sensor, Accelerometer, Ambient light sensor and Gyroscope.. REVIEW KEY SPECS NEWS Price in india. Design Display Software Performance Battery Life Camera Value for Money. Good Metal body Good display Dual BoomSound speakers Bad Poor low-light camera performance Slightly overpriced Disappointing battery life. Read detailed HTC One X9 review. HTC 10, One X9, Desire 628, and Desire 825 Launched in India. HTC Desire 530, Desire 630, Desire 825 Launched at MWC 2016. HTC One X9 With 5.5-Inch Display, 13-Megapixel Camera Launched. More HTC mobiles HTC mobiles price in India. HTC One X9 Price in India One X9 (Carbon Grey, 32GB) Rs. 14,490 One X9 (Carbon Gray, 32GB) Rs. 20,790 One X9 (Carbon Grey) Rs. 20,899 One X9 (Topaz Gold, 32GB) Rs. Release date December 2015 Form factor Touchscreen Dimensions (mm) 153.90 x 75.90 x 7.90 Weight (g) 170.00 Battery capacity (mAh) 3000 Removable battery No Colours Gunmetal Grey, Silver. Screen size (inches) 5.50 Touchscreen Yes Resolution 1080x1920 pixels Pixels per inch (PPI) 401. Processor octa-core Processor make MediaTek Helio X10 RAM 3GB Internal storage 32GB Expandable storage Yes Expandable storage type microSD Expandable storage up to (GB) 2000. Rear camera 13-megapixel Rear Flash LED Front camera 5-megapixel. Operating System Android 6.0 Skin Sense UI. Wi-Fi Yes Wi-Fi standards supported 802.11 a/b/g/n/ac GPS Yes Bluetooth Yes, v 4.10 NFC No Infrared No USB OTG No Headphones 3.5mm FM No Number of SIMs 2 SIM 1 SIM Type Nano-SIM GSM/CDMA GSM 3G Yes 4G/ LTE Yes Supports 4G in India (Band 40) Yes SIM 2 SIM Type Nano-SIM GSM/CDMA GSM 3G Yes 4G/ LTE Yes Supports 4G in India (Band 40) Yes. Compass/ Magnetometer Yes Proximity sensor Yes Accelerometer Yes Ambient light sensor Yes Gyroscope Yes Barometer No Temperature sensor No. Error or missing information? Please let us know. User ratings and reviews for HTC One X9. 4.3 Out of 5. 5 Star 1 4 Star 2 3 Star 2 Star 1 Star. Displaying review(s) 1- 1 of 1 Sort by: Most Helpful Most Recent. By Alwin Mani | 8 Aug 2017. When I go for a new phone, I did little research. This time I had a wish to choose HTC. Because I know that HTC is a good brand. May be if I would have little more researching knowledge I would have select another model of HTC or another brand. Because this model's price is little high while consider the specification. And I think I could be go for more better battery life. But my previous phone is micromax gold. So compared to that it is far better in the case of battery. And one x9 is my toppest battery phone I am using. I am using this phone from 8 months. Was this review helpful? Yes No. 1 out of 1 people found this review helpful. HTC 10, One X9, Desire 628, and Desire 825 Launched in India. HTC Desire 530, Desire 630, Desire 825 Launched at MWC 2016. HTC One X9 With 5.5-Inch Display, 13-Megapixel Camera Launched. HTC U11 EYEs HTC U11 Life HTC U11+ HTC U11 HTC One X10 HTC U Play HTC U Ultra HTC Desire 650 HTC 10 evo HTC Bolt HTC Desire 10 Pro HTC Desire 10 Lifestyle HTC One A9s HTC One M9+ Prime Camera Edition HTC Desire 628 Dual SIM HTC One M9 Prime Camera Edition HTC Desire 830 HTC One S9 HTC 10 HTC 10 Lifestyle HTC Desire 825 HTC Desire 630 HTC Desire 530 HTC Desire 626 Dual SIM HTC One E9 HTC One M9s HTC Desire 828 Dual SIM HTC Desire 728G Dual SIM HTC One M9e. Samsung Galaxy A9 Htc One X9 vs. Apple iPhone 4S Motorola Moto G4 Plus vs. Htc One X9 Samsung Galaxy A9 Pro vs. Samsung Galaxy A7 2016 Htc One X9 vs. Xiaomi Redmi 2 Prime Htc One X9 vs. Samsung Galaxy J7 Htc 10 vs. Samsung Galaxy A9 Pro vs. Htc One E8 LG Stylus 2 Plus vs. Samsung Galaxy A8 Htc One M9 Prime Camera Edition vs. Htc One M8s Htc One X9 vs. Nokia 7 Plus Is an Android One Phone With Dual Rear Cameras, Zeiss Optics Samsung Galaxy S9, Galaxy S9+ Pre-Orders Now Open in India Samsung Galaxy S9, Galaxy S9+ With Improved Cameras, AR Emoji Launched Nokia 8110 4G Is a 'Slider' Feature Phone With Google, Facebook Apps OnePlus 5, OnePlus 5T HD Content Streaming Issue Fixed, With a Catch Nokia 7 Plus vs Nokia 7 Vodafone to Offer 4.5GB Data Per Day for 28 Days at Rs. 799: Report Samsung Galaxy S9 a Worthy Upgrade? A Look at What's New Nokia 8 Sirocco With Dual Cameras, Stainless Steel Frame Launched at MWC Nokia 6 (2018) Android One Phone With Snapdragon 630 Launched at MWC 2018. Samsung phones price list Lyf phones price list Micromax phones price list Sony phones price list Htc phones price list Lenovo phones price list Intex phones price list Lava phones price list Apple phones price list Nokia phones price list Xolo phones price list Lg phones price list Vivo phones price list Oppo phones price list Gionee phones price list Motorola phones price list Blackberry phones price list Xiaomi phones price list. Sitemaps Archives Advertise About Us Feedback Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions Complaint Redressal Careers Contact Us RSS Ethics HTC One X9 in Hindi. © Copyright Red Pixels Ventures Limited 2018. Subject Comments. 
Enter the characters you see below. Sorry, we just need to make sure you're not a robot. For best results, please make sure your browser is accepting cookies.. Type the characters you see in this image:. 
Press enter or click on the search icon. 4 things you need to know about the HTC One X9. HTC One A9 – First impressions. Hands-on with HTC’s new-ish smartphone HTC’s 2015 flagship smartphone, the One A9 , failed to wow us here at TrustedReviews. The phone’s mid-range CPU, poor battery life and hefty upfront cost made it difficult to recommend in a market where handsets such as the OnePlus 2 and Moto X Style offered equivalent specs at a fraction of the cost.. Which is why the appearance of the One X9 a few months later at MWC 2016 isn’t all that surprising. The One X9 is a modified version of the A9, which to a layman is all but indistinguishable from its predecessor.. Up close, however, I noticed a few subtle but important improvements that serve to make the X9 a much more compelling device.. VIDEO: Check out our hands-on with the HTC One X9. 1) Smooth as silk The One X9 has a design that “draws on the natural beauty around us”, according to HTC. I have no idea what this means, but what I can tell you is that the design is slightly different to that of the A9. Although the metal chassis at first glance looks pretty much identical to the A9, in the hand it feels slightly different.. An HTC spokesman at MWC told me this is thanks to a new metal-crafting process being used by the company, which makes the chassis feel a little like “high-end silk”. I’m not sure I’d use the word “silk”, but the finish is a definite improvement.. The metal has a slightly more textured, matte finish on which it was far easier to get a solid grip. This new finish also makes the One X9 feel more scratch-resistant than the A9, which picked up marks when met with even moderate force.. 2) Boom, boom, boom One of the X9’s coolest features is its BoomSound with Dolby Surround. The audio tech lets One X9 provide a more dynamic range of sound than competing smartphones.. Following a play of a few preinstalled dance tracks I hadn’t heard before on the showroom floor, I found the X9’s sound quality pretty impressive – at least by phone standards. Although I’m not sure that passers-by appreciated my mini-rave. 3) Same camera, better photos On initial observation, it may appear that the X9 has the same 13-megapixel rear camera as the A9.. However, HTC has improved the camera in a few subtle ways. The company has added custom “Auto Selfie, Voice Selfie and Live Make Up” shot options, and a new RAW format, one-button enhancement feature.. According to HTC, the mode automatically brightens colors and sharpens edges. I didn’t get a chance to test the feature during my hands-on, but if it works this feature could prove hugely useful, especially when shooting in low light.. Get news, competitions and special offers direct to your inbox. By submitting your information, you agree to the Terms & Conditions and Privacy & Cookies Policy .. Please keep me up to date with special offers and news from Trusted Reviews and other brands within the Time Inc. You can unsubscribe at any time.. We'd also like to send you special offers and news just by email from other carefully selected companies we think you might like. Your personal details will not be shared with those companies - we send the emails and you can unsubscribe at any time. Please tick here if you are happy to receive these messages.. Terms & Conditions and Privacy & Cookies Policy. 4) Bye, bye Snapdragon The A9’s performance was one of its biggest problems. While the handset could match the performance of mid-range phones, it failed to compete with handsets in its £400-plus price bracket, such as the Nexus 6P .. Which is why I’m pleased to see that HTC has ditched the A9’s Qualcomm Snapdragon 617 CPU in favour of a MediaTek’s Helio X10 chip and alongside it’s increased memory from 2GB to 3GB RAM. I didn’t get to benchmark the X9 during my hands-on, but this memory and CPU combo should easily see the handset outperform the A9.. The One X9 features a similarly specced 5.5-inch Full HD screen to the A9. The rear camera has Optical Image Stabilisation, and should perform well in low light. Android Marshmallow makes a reappearance on the X9, but be warned: it’s skinned with HTC Sense. The phone features 32GB of expandable storage. It’s currently unclear if the HTC One X9 will appear in the UK and how much it will cost. But I’m quietly pleased with the tweaks the company has made to the handset.. While it doesn’t rework the wheel, the One X9 could potentially fix many of the issues I had with the A9. Hopefully, HTC will continue to learn from its past mistakes and price the One X9 competitively.. Trusted Reviews is part of Time Inc. (UK) Ltd Fashion & Beauty Network. 
Our new search experience requires JavaScript to be enabled. Please enable JavaScript on your browser , then try again .. All Categories Antiques Art Baby Books Business & Industrial Cameras & Photo Cell Phones & Accessories Clothing, Shoes & Accessories Coins & Paper Money Collectibles Computers/Tablets & Networking Consumer Electronics Crafts Dolls & Bears DVDs & Movies eBay Motors Entertainment Memorabilia Gift Cards & Coupons Health & Beauty Home & Garden Jewelry & Watches Music Musical Instruments & Gear Pet Supplies Pottery & Glass Real Estate Specialty Services Sporting Goods Sports Mem, Cards & Fan Shop Stamps Tickets & Experiences Toys & Hobbies Travel Video Games & Consoles Everything Else. Hi ( Sign in to bid or buy) Daily Deals Gift Cards Help & Contact Sell. Summary Recently Viewed Bids/Offers Watch List Purchase History Selling Saved Searches Saved Sellers Messages. Refine your search for htc one x9. All Listings - Current page. results for htc one x9. Save htc one x9 to get e-mail alerts and updates on your eBay Feed.. Unfollow htc one x9 to stop getting updates on your eBay Feed.. You'll receive email and Feed alerts when new items arrive. Afghanistan - AFG Albania - ALB Algeria - DZA American Samoa - ASM Andorra - AND Angola - AGO Anguilla - AIA Antigua and Barbuda - ATG Argentina - ARG Armenia - ARM Aruba - ABW Australia - AUS Austria - AUT Azerbaijan Republic - AZE Bahamas - BHS Bahrain - BHR Bangladesh - BGD Barbados - BRB Belarus - BLR Belgium - BEL Belize - BLZ Benin - BEN Bermuda - BMU Bhutan - BTN Bolivia - BOL Bosnia and Herzegovina - BIH Botswana - BWA Brazil - BRA British Virgin Islands - VGB Brunei Darussalam - BRN Bulgaria - BGR Burkina Faso - BFA Burma - MMR Burundi - BDI Cambodia - KHM Cameroon - CMR Canada - CAN Cape Verde Islands - CPV Cayman Islands - CYM Central African Republic - CAF Chad - TCD Chile - CHL China - CHN Colombia - COL Comoros - COM Congo, Democratic Republic of the - COD Congo, Republic of the - COG Cook Islands - COK Costa Rica - CRI Cote d Ivoire (Ivory Coast) - CIV Croatia, Republic of - HRV Cyprus - CYP Czech Republic - CZE Denmark - DNK Djibouti - DJI Dominica - DMA Dominican Republic - DOM Ecuador - ECU Egypt - EGY El Salvador - SLV Equatorial Guinea - GNQ Eritrea - ERI Estonia - EST Ethiopia - ETH Falkland Islands (Islas Malvinas) - FLK Fiji - FJI Finland - FIN France - FRA French Guiana - GUF French Polynesia - PYF Gabon Republic - GAB Gambia - GMB Georgia - GEO Germany - DEU Ghana - GHA Gibraltar - GIB Greece - GRC Greenland - GRL Grenada - GRD Guadeloupe - GLP Guam - GUM Guatemala - GTM Guernsey - GGY Guinea - GIN Guinea-Bissau - GNB Guyana - GUY Haiti - HTI Honduras - HND Hong Kong - HKG Hungary - HUN Iceland - ISL India - IND Indonesia - IDN Ireland - IRL Israel - ISR Italy - ITA Jamaica - JAM Japan - JPN Jersey - JEY Jordan - JOR Kazakhstan - KAZ Kenya - KEN Kiribati - KIR Korea, South - KOR Kuwait - KWT Kyrgyzstan - KGZ Laos - LAO Latvia - LVA Lebanon - LBN Liechtenstein - LIE Lithuania - LTU Luxembourg - LUX Macau - MAC Macedonia - MKD Madagascar - MDG Malawi - MWI Malaysia - MYS Maldives - MDV Mali - MLI Malta - MLT Marshall Islands - MHL Martinique - MTQ Mauritania - MRT Mauritius - MUS Mayotte - MYT Mexico - MEX Micronesia - FSM Moldova - MDA Monaco - MCO Mongolia - MNG Montenegro - MNE Montserrat - MSR Morocco - MAR Mozambique - MOZ Namibia - NAM Nauru - NRU Nepal - NPL Netherlands - NLD Netherlands Antilles - ANT New Caledonia - NCL New Zealand - NZL Nicaragua - NIC Niger - NER Nigeria - NGA Niue - NIU Norway - NOR Oman - OMN Pakistan - PAK Palau - PLW Panama - PAN Papua New Guinea - PNG Paraguay - PRY Peru - PER Philippines - PHL Poland - POL Portugal - PRT Puerto Rico - PRI Qatar - QAT Reunion - REU Romania - ROU Russian Federation - RUS Rwanda - RWA Saint Helena - SHN Saint Kitts-Nevis - KNA Saint Lucia - LCA Saint Pierre and Miquelon - SPM Saint Vincent and the Grenadines - VCT San Marino - SMR Saudi Arabia - SAU Senegal - SEN Serbia - SRB Seychelles - SYC Sierra Leone - SLE Singapore - SGP Slovakia - SVK Slovenia - SVN Solomon Islands - SLB Somalia - SOM South Africa - ZAF Spain - ESP Sri Lanka - LKA Suriname - SUR Swaziland - SWZ Sweden - SWE Switzerland - CHE Taiwan - TWN Tajikistan - TJK Tanzania - TZA Thailand - THA Togo - TGO Tonga - TON Trinidad and Tobago - TTO Tunisia - TUN Turkey - TUR Turkmenistan - TKM Turks and Caicos Islands - TCA Tuvalu - TUV Uganda - UGA Ukraine - UKR United Arab Emirates - ARE United Kingdom - UK United States - USA Uruguay - URU Uzbekistan - UZB Vanuatu - VUT Vatican City State - VAT Venezuela - VEN Vietnam - VNM Virgin Islands (U.S) - VIR Wallis and Futuna - WLF Western Sahara - ESH Western Samoa - WSM Yemen - YEM Zambia - ZMB Zimbabwe - ZWE. HTC One X9 X9u 5.5'' FDD - LTE 4G Dual SIM 32 GB 13MP Multi-Language s Smartphone. HTC One X9/E56 Rare 5.5" - 32GB ROM - 3GB RAM - Dual GSM Sim - 3000mAh. HTC One X9 (Display: 5.5" - 32GB ROM - 3GB RAM - Dual Sim - 3000mAh) Internation. Castro lines High Luxury Holder Wallet Card Leather Case Cover For HTC A9 X9 HD. For HTC One X9 Micro Sync Data Charger Ring Stand Case Cover Superman Batman. HTC One X9 X9u 5.5'' FDD - LTE 4G Dual SIM 32 GB 13MP Multi-Language s Smartphone. Skinomi Brushed Aluminum Skin+Clear Screen Protector for HTC One X9. For HTC One X9 Hard Case Silver Kickstand Protective Phone Cover. For HTC One X9 10 M9 M8 Desire 820 626 Red Vintage Polka Dot Wallet Phone Case. NEW LCD Display + Touch Screen Digitizer Assembly For HTC One X9 X9U 5.5''+Tools. HTC One M9 - 32GB 3GB RAM 4G LTE (Unlocked)Andr oid Smartphone - Gray/Silver/Go ld. HTC One M9 32GB Unlocked GSM 4G LTE Android Smartphone. HTC One E9+ Plus (Factory Unlocked) 32GB 5.5" 20MP Dual Sim Smartphone FROM USA. HTC One M9+ Plus 32GB (FACTORY UNLOCKED) 5.2" 1440 x 2560 - Gray / Silver /Gold. Unlocked HTC ONE M9 / M9 PLUS 4G LTE Smartphone Android 32GB NFC SIM 20MP Mobile. HTC One M9 32GB (EMEA Version) Factory Unlocked Smartphone Gray/Gold/Silv er US. OPEN BOX - HTC One M9+ Plus 32GB (FACTORY UNLOCKED) 5.2" 1440 x 2560 - Gray. 5" HTC One M9 32GB 20MP 3GB RAM (Unlocked) 4G LTE Android Smartphone - 3 Colors!. HTC One M9 32GB GSM Factory Unlocked Octa-Core 20MP Smartphone Gray/Gold/Silv er. HTC One M9 32GB 5" Smartphone (Unlocked,3 Colors) 20MP 4G LTE Mobile Phone. HTC One A9 | 32GB 4G LTE AT&T (GSM UNLOCKED) 13MP Android Smartphone. HTC One M9 Plus 32GB+3GB Unlocked 4G Smartphone Cellulare Octa Core 20MP Android. HTC One A9 32GB | 4G LTE AT&T (GSM UNLOCKED) 13MP Android Smartphone. 3 Colors 5" New Unlocked HTC One M9 32GB LTE Quad-Core Android Smartphone 20MP. NEW Unlocked HTC ONE M9 32GB 3GB RAM 20.0MP 4G LTE Cell Phone - Gunmetal Gray. 5''HTC One M9 32GB Unlocked&Andro id OS (AT&T) 20MP 4G LTE Smartphone - 3 Colors!. HTC One M9 32GB (Verizon) Unlocked Smartphone 20MP 5.0''- Gray, Gold, Silver USA. HTC One E9 Plus 20MP 32GB 4G Dual Sim Octa Core Android Smartphone, 5.5''. HTC One M9+ 32GB 4G LTE Factory Unlocked 5.2" 20MP 3GB RAM Andriod Smartphone. HTC One A9 16GB Silver AT&T Unlocked GSM Android Smartphone 4G LTE 13MP. HTC One A9 - 32GB 4G LTE AT&T (GSM UNLOCKED) 13MP | Android Smartphone. HTC One M9 32GB 4G LTE Android Smartphone Unlocked 20MP M9u ExDemo Gunmetal Gray. 5.0'' HTC One (M9) 32GB 20.0MP 3G 4G LTE Android Unlocked Smartphone - 3 Colors. UNLOCKED Original HTC One M9 GSM+4G LTE Android Smartphone AT&T T-Mobile 32GB. HTC One M9 - 32GB 3GB RAM 20MP 4G LTE (Unlocked) Android Smartphone - Amber Gold. HTC One E9 Plus Dual Sim 32GB, 20MP, 4G Android Smartphone, Brown, 5.5''. HTC One M9 Unlocked Smartphone 5.0" Octa-core Android 3+32GB 20MP Smartphone EU. HTC One M9 Plus + 32GB Factory Unlocked 5.2'' 4G LTE 20MP Android Smartphone USA. Original HTC One M9 32GB GSM Unlocked 4G LTE Android Smartphone AT&T T-Mobile. Unlocked HTC ONE (M9) 32GB 20MP GSM 3G 4G LTE Smartphone - Gunmetal SILVER. Unlocked HTC One M9 5.0'' 4G LTE Smartphone QuadCore Android Mobile Phone 3+32GB. 5.0" HTC One M9 - 32GB - Pink 20MP GSM AT&T Unlocked 4G LTE Smartphone USA. Original HTC One M9 Quad core 32GB ROM 3GB RAM Unlocked T-mobile. HTC One E9 Plus 32GB 4G 20MP WQHD Dual Sim Android Smartphone, Brown, 5.5". HTC One A9 - 32GB 4G LTE AT&T (GSM UNLOCKED) 13MP Android Smartphone. 5" HTC One M9 32GB 3GB RAM Android Octa-Core 20.2MP 4G Unlocked Smartphone Grey. 5.0'' HTC One M9+/One M8/M8 16GB/32GB Factory Unlocked Smartphone 32GB Octacore. HTC One A9s 32GB 5" 13MP Phone Brand New+Gift. For HTC One X9 X9U 5.5'' LCD Display + Touch Screen Digitizer Assembly Black NEW. FREE SHIP for HTC One X9 5.5" 2016 Gold LCD Screen w/ Digitizer + Tools ZVLS028. Customs services and international tracking provided. in Stock ✈ WORLDWIDE SHIPPING ✈ USA SELLER !! ✜. UNLOCKED TO ANY GSM NETWORK WORLDWIDE | FAST SHIPPING. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. UNLOCKED TO ANY GSM NETWORK WORLDWIDE | FAST SHIPPING. Customs services and international tracking provided. eBay determines this price through a machine learned model of the product's sale prices within the last 90 days.. eBay determines trending price through a machine learned model of the product’s sale prices within the last 90 days. "New" refers to a brand-new, unused, unopened, undamaged item, and "Used" refers to an item that has been used previously.. Top Rated Plus Sellers with highest buyer ratings Returns, money back Ships in a business day with tracking Learn More. Top Rated Plus Sellers with highest buyer ratings Returns, money back Ships in a business day with tracking Learn More. Not finding what you're looking for? Save htc one x9 to get e-mail alerts and updates on your eBay Feed.. $ Enter minimum price to $ Enter maximum price. Please enter a minimum and/or maximum price before continuing.. Site Map Copyright © 1995-2018 eBay Inc. Accessibility , User Agreement , Privacy , Cookies and AdChoice Norton Secured - powered by Verisign. Number of bids and bid amounts may be slightly out of date. See each listing for international shipping options and costs.. 
The server is undergoing scheduled maintenance and will be up as soon as possible. Meanwhile you can join our communities on Facebook , Google Plus and Twitter !. 
Esto también se puede leer en español.. HTC One X9 packs a beautiful body with so-so specs. First making its debut in China late last year, the One X9 will now be sold in more markets, such as Europe, the Middle East and Asia.. by February 21, 2016 10:29 AM PST. HTC all-metal and understated One X9 (pictures). Key details Beautiful all-metal body 13-megapixel rear camera with optical image stabilization HTC BoomSound for audiophiles Android 6.0 Marshmallow means it's running the most updated form of Google's operating system. Octa-core Mediatek MT6795 Helio X1 processor 5.5-inch full HD display Android 6.0 Marshmallow 6.06 by 2.99 by 0.31 inches (153.9 by 75.9 by 8 mm) 6 ounces (170 grams) 32GB onboard storage, 3GB RAM 13-megapixel rear, 5-megapixel front 3,000mAh battery (non-removable) HTC BoomSound speakers. Already announced for China late last year, there's nothing exactly groundbreaking in the One X9, shown off at Mobile World Congress here in Barcelona. You may be able to forgive that, though, when you see just how good-looking this phone is.. With an all-metal body, it has a slight brushed metal feel on its rear, giving it an interesting texture. The full HD 1,920x1,080-pixel 5.5-inch display may not be the biggest on the market, but its colors are bright and vibrant.. Pricing has not yet been revealed, but using the phone's China pricing as a gauge, expect the phone to retail for around $370 (which converts to around £260 or AU$515) when it hits markets in North Asia, Europe, the Middle East and the rest of Asia. There's no word on US availability.. HTC all-metal and understated One X9 (pictures). HTC is no longer pushing its UltraPixel camera tech, which promised better picture quality in low-light conditions -- interestingly, Samsung is now peddling a similar line in its new 12-megapixel (down from 16) Galaxy S7. The One X9 is back to packing plain old megapixels, 13 on the rear in this case. Its camera also comes with optical image stabilization and is capable of shooting 4K video.. HTC's BlinkFeed combines news, events and social media stuff into one easy to read feed.. There are plenty of similar metal phones from China that offer competitive specs at a price lower than the One X9 will likely retail for. HTC needs something more if it wants to consumers to take a chance on its devices. The Taiwanese company will hope its software, with features such as BlinkFeed, and the One X9's good looks can help it to capture a bigger slice of the global market.. Check out its midrange specs below, and be sure to keep an eye on our Mobile World Congress 2016 page as we bring you all the news from the show.. CNET earns fees when you click these offers.. Best Phones for 2018. See All. Samsung’s king of phones is excellent, but you'll pay a pretty penny for stylus privileges.. A radical redesign that's nearly all screen includes a new cutting-edge facial recognition.... LG just gave Samsung a run for the money.. But we're still waiting on the Siri-like AI.. The Pixel 2's superb camera makes it worth a look.. This week on CNET News. Homeland Security's tall order: A hacker-free election. 'Annihilation' director wove memory into a dream-like movie. Dogecoin: The joke cryptocurrency that was too real for its own good. Be respectful, keep it clean and stay on topic. We delete comments that violate our policy , which we encourage you to read. Discussion threads can be closed at any time at our discretion.. CNET may earn fees when you click through to a partner site.. 
HTC One X9 rumors and news leaks. New images of the HTC One X9 dressed in white leak online. Specs may be mid and not high range. Early leaks made the One X9 sound very different. may not be the company’s final smartphone release of the year, and rumors are spreading about a device that’s being called the One X9. Initially leaked with a very strong spec sheet, subsequent gossip has hinted the phone won’t be quite as exciting, but that doesn’t mean we shouldn’t pay it any attention. Here’s what we think we know about the HTC One X9.. Updated on 12-15-2015 by Robert Nazarian: Added in newly leaked images.. Pictures of the HTC One X9 show a phone that looks more like a Huawei device — either the Nexus 6P or the P8 — matched with HTC’s familiar all-metal body. The specifications aren’t outstanding, but the metal body could separate the phone from other mid-range hardware, if HTC prices the phone correctly should it be released.. Images of the phone dressed in white. a plastic bump at the top edge of the back of the phone. You will also notice that the One X9 sports. capacitive buttons instead of the onscreen layout found on the One A9 .. This is likely due to the fact that the One X9 lacks a fingerprint scanner. The last image in the gallery below shows a comparison with the One A9.. The first images of the phone leaked in November courtesy of TENAA , the Chinese equivalent of the FCC.. A listing on the TENAA website — a Chinese regulatory board — suggests the One X9 may not be the powerhouse we initially expected. The details, which are still unofficial, paint a more modest picture of the phone, starting with a 1080p, 5.5-inch screen.. The processor is supposedly a 2.2GHz octa-core chip, which may be the Snapdragon 820, but could also be MediaTek’s Helio X10, particularly because it’s supported by 2GB of RAM.. Android 5.0.2 Lollipop is listed as the OS, along with 16GB of internal memory, and a 13-megapixel rear camera.. The phone listed on TENAA’s website is referred to as the One X9u, but earlier leaks made the phone sound considerably more exciting. Whether the leaked specs end up relating to a different phone remains to be seen, but it’s telling that the most recent leak was quickly removed from the Weibo social network on which it was posted.. some tantalizing hints about the One X9, which are very different from the most recent spec rumors. It suggested the phone would have a. 5-inch 2,560 x 1,440-pixel display, a Snapdragon 820 processor, and a massive 4GB of RAM. The photo showed stereo Boomsound speakers on the front of the device.. Other notable rumored specs include a 23-megapixel camera and a 4-ultrapixel front-facing camera. The leaked promo didn’t show what version of Android the One X9 is running, but it appears to have capacitive buttons.. Whatever the situation with the One X9, we’ll keep you updated here. Updated on 11-15-2015 by Andy Boxall: Added in a details taken from a Chinese regulatory board filing. Nokia 9 rumors suggest a strong 2018 for the reinvigorated company. MWC 2018: What to expect from Samsung, Sony, Motorola, and more. Sony Xperia XZ Pro could be among first phones with the Snapdragon 845 chip. Here is everything we know about the Asus ZenFone 5. Here is everything we know about the Xiaomi Mi 7. The Samsung Galaxy S9 is finally here: Here's everything you need to know. Man arrested in UK over suspicion of involvement in VTech attack. MWC 2018: What to expect from Samsung, Sony, Motorola, and more. Here’s everything you need to know about the Lenovo Moto G6 and G6…. Add Us To Your Social Channels. Digital Trends helps readers keep tabs on the fast-paced world of tech with all the latest news, fun product reviews, insightful editorials, and one-of-a-kind sneak peeks. 
HTC One X9 - user opinions and reviews. Pages: 1 2 3 … 41 42 ». The phone does not have Bengali key board options, we ask for updating. Good battery, WiFi and GPS reception and impressive in performance. the phone wii get heat quickly,and the wifi sensing capacity is too bad. MOHD ALI, 04 Dec 2017 htc x9 dual sim using mobile automatic switch off.60% charge available switched off mobile aga... more Please take some water in a jug and put your phone in the water for approximately one day. Your phone will be OK immediately.. htc x9 dual sim using mobile automatic switch off.60% charge available switched off mobile again restart charge backup showing 1%.....friends please give solutions. 6 times give to service center return coming problem.... Sara, 17 Nov 2017 Hi everyone, i am currrently using HTC one M7 and gave used it for little over 2 yrs, had litt... more Htc x9, is lte phone not volte,thus talking will be via net and app,anotger thing is salfie camera is not so good but other ways phone is very nice as audio quality, colours,touch hardware and software,light weight phone,no problem of heating, battery time depends upon use music app is not inbuilt but audio is awsome dolby i suggest it is nice to buy. Sara, 17 Nov 2017 Hi everyone, i am currrently using HTC one M7 and gave used it for little over 2 yrs, had litt... more Htc x9, is lte phone not volte,thus talking will be via net and app,anotger thing is salfie camera is not so good but other ways phone is very nice as audio quality, colours,touch hardware and software,light weight phone,no problem of heating, battery time depends upon use music app is not inbuilt but audio is awsome dolby i suggest it is nice to buy. Hi everyone, i am currrently using HTC one M7 and gave used it for little over 2 yrs, had little problem with it tho sometimes slow response and then battery not so great but not terrible ( charge once a day), but few months ago top part of the screen stopped working tried everything to no avail so ive decided to change it but i like HTC so i am sticking with a HTC brand. Can anyone please suggest which is better between HTC X9 or A9, i am leaning more to X9 because A9 battery i heard is worse. Anonymous, 16 Nov 2017 Long press home and power buttons till boot screen appearsappears...this used to work for my H... more Just go to "Backup and Reset" in Setting, you can reset everything. Anonymous, 16 Nov 2017 Long press home and power buttons till boot screen appearsappears...this used to work for my H... more Just go to "Backup and Reset" in Setting, you can reset everything. Used the One X9 Dual Sim version for about 14 months. This is the best mid-range model available in the market even using today's standard. 4K video, main camera with OIS, stereo speaker with dolby, 3 independent card slots, micro SD card can be format as internal memory. The main trick is to use a real fast micro SD card, not only class 10, but the U3 version which supports 4K video. All weired problems like slow response, out of focus gone. Now I feed it with a 128GB card and system shows 150GB internal memory. Probably can last for another 2-3 years. For battery, normal use for facebook and whatsapp last about 10 hours. Turn on the battery saving mode on can last for another 2-3 hours more.. dux, 20 Jun 2017 same here i am planning to factory reset any idea? Long press home and power buttons till boot screen appearsappears...this used to work for my HTC One m7. At least volte update should be realised by HTC.. Htc should have released nougat for this. RI, 29 Sep 2017 HEATING ISSUES,BATTERY PROBLEM WHAT NOT. sometimes my phone battery instantly come to 0 from 1... I am in favor of updating of its softwares, specifically Marshmallow to Noughet 7. Got HTC because of its boom sound, but as my previous HTC, it's a big disappointment. First one cracked whilst left in back pocket getting onto the car seat (screen became unresponsive); this one slid off my hand and hit the pavement & cracks radiate out the entire screen. The other issue is difficulty in interfacing with Android Auto, communication is inaudible to the contacted party. Regret getting it outright for only 6 months use.. HTC X9 mobile is very worst,more heat,battery backup not good,front camera is no clear,more time give service but not retify problem.i think htc no buying.best Buying SONY..... sometimes my phone battery instantly come to 0 from 100. Pages: 1 2 3 … 41 42 ». Total of 832 user reviews and opinions for HTC One X9 .. Samsung Apple Nokia Sony LG HTC Motorola Huawei Microsoft Lenovo Xiaomi Google Acer Asus Oppo OnePlus Meizu BlackBerry Alcatel ZTE Toshiba Vodafone Energizer XOLO Lava Micromax BLU Gionee vivo LeEco Panasonic HP YU verykool Maxwest Plum. One X9, Desire 825, HTC Desire 530, Desire 630. HTC One X10 HTC Desire 10 Pro HTC One M9 HTC One A9 HTC One M9+ HTC One E9+. HTC U11 Eyes HTC One (M8) HTC 10 HTC U11+ HTC Desire 10 Pro HTC U11. 
The server is undergoing scheduled maintenance and will be up as soon as possible. Meanwhile you can join our communities on Facebook , Google Plus and Twitter !. 
The source for Tech Buying Advice. More Car Tech. Tech deals, prizes and latest news. Hands on: HTC One X9 review. The One A9 gets a little reboot. What is a hands on review?. A phone we didn't expect to see has made its way to the western world - but it's not going to be a big seller for HTC.. Design Interface and power Battery Camera Early verdict. The HTC One X9 is a new phone that was, well, launched a few months ago. But it is new because it's now being shipped to more countries, and has some beefier specs than the very similar A9 which WAS launched... Last year, HTC launched the One A9. It looked a lot like an iPhone. While it wasn't a flagship device, it had some nifty features (like decent audio and stronger camera than the One M10) and was a lot slimmer.. Then word of the X9 leaked out, and it turned out this was designed for China and other Asian regions - and between that launch and now HTC must have shrugged and decided to offer it to other regions.. The HTC One X9 is a chunkier design than the One A9, but does come with the same full metal body, and dispenses with the iDentical antenna strips seen on Apple's device.. It's a little taller, thanks to packing in a 5.5-inch display, so when you pick it up you get a definite sense that this is a bigger phone in the hand. I know that sounds obvious, as it IS bigger, but some brands manage to get past this with a little bit of clever crafting.. The weight is 170g, and the 5.5-inch screen is 1080p, which seems OK (but not at the sharpest end of the spectrum). You'd argue this would be OK if the price was a little lower, and while there's no official One X9 pricing out there, it's unlikely to be cheap as it's sold SIM-free into the retail channels.. One of the biggest upgrades to the mix here though is the Boomsound speaker set: by adding the speakers top and bottom and combining them with Dolby Audio for movie watching you'll get a great experience for movie watching without the headphones.. The trailers on board didn't really impress though, thanks to the screen being slightly on the uninspiring side - however, it's nice to see the speakers added to the mix, and by pushing them to the edge of the phone the Android navigation buttons have been pushed back onto the phone (rather than popping up on the screen when you need them).. HTC's new One X9 offers a lot of power, with 3GB of RAM and the Helio X10 Mediatek CPU at its electronic heart. It didn't offer mind-blowing performance with general prodding, but it wasn't terrible - I just noticed a little lack of snap.. Then again, this is early software and could well be corrected in the final version.. The same HTC interface seen on the One A9 (the Marshmallow, sleeker icon layout with less reliance on HTC's own apps) is back again here, and it's certainly one of the nicest to use out there if you're a fan of marrying together useful elements within a finger swipe and clean lines.. Blinkfeed sits to the left of the homescreens, and while HTC's not followed the same 'stark' notification shade as Samsung and LG by keeping an option with more customisation to play with.. The battery life of the HTC One X9 should be half-decent with a 3000mAh power pack pumping out the juice each day. HTC's never been brilliant at battery management, but with the new Android 6 Marshmallow Doze Mode on offer it should be a little better than before.. Or it'll run out in 12 hours' use. The snapper is a 13MP affair, which takes some passable snaps in early looks. It doesn't always work in the way you'd exactly expect, with colours looking average in my very quick tests.. However, the 13MP sensor on the One A9 was pretty good - probably the best HTC has pumped out - and it's the same sensor here, so assuming HTC hasn't found a way to screw it up the pictures in our full test should be a lot better.. With elements like optical image stabilisation in the mix, this should really help the snapping situation. There's the same 5MP camera on the front for the selfie fun so many enjoy - beauty mode in the mix too to make you look like a slightly disturbed worm if you're into that kind of thing.. The HTC One X9 is a nice looking phone, if a little chunky. It's not going to be the big hitter from the brand at this conference, let's be honest, nor will it pull up any trees in terms of sales.. However, it's got all the features HTC loves to crow about (high res camera, Boomsound speakers, metal unibody design) and does tick all the boxes there. It's dual SIM too, which will impress some.. Stay tuned for our full review - if we can get our hands on a review unit, that is.... What is a hands on review?. 'Hands on reviews' are a journalist's first impressions of a piece of kit based on spending some time with it. It may be just a few moments, or a few hours. The important thing is we have been able to play with it ourselves and can give you some sense of what it's like to use, even if it's only an embryonic view. For more information, see TechRadar's Reviews Guarantee .. You can unsubscribe at any time and we'll never share your details without your permission.. Get the best tech deals, reviews, product advice, competitions, unmissable tech news and more!. 1 Samsung Galaxy S9 release date, price, news and features. 2 Samsung Galaxy S9 launch: as it happened. 3 Samsung Galaxy S9 live stream: how to watch today's big launch event. 4 MWC 2018: All the latest news from the show. 5 How to watch Arsenal v Man City live stream online for the Carabao Cup final NOW. 2 Samsung Galaxy S9 Plus review. 3 Samsung Galaxy S9 release date, price, news and features. 4 Samsung Galaxy S9 launch: as it happened. 5 BlackBerry: 'we understand we are not for everyone' but 'we're here to stay'. TechRadar is part of Future plc, an international media group and leading digital publisher. England and Wales company registration number 2008885.. 
Samsung Galaxy S9 OnePlus 5T Huawei Mate 10 Google Pixel 2 OnePlus 5. LG K10 (2018) Samsung Galaxy S9 Elephone S8 HTC U11 Eyes Honor 9 Lite. Samsung Galaxy S9 OnePlus 5T Huawei Mate 10 Google Pixel 2 OnePlus 5. Buy and sell gently used phones. The HTC One X9 is a high-range Android smartphone, released for the Chinese market in January 2016. It's powered by a 64-bit 2.2GHz octa-core MediaTek processor, 3GB of RAM and comes with 32GB internal storage, with up to a further 200GB available via microSD. The One X9 has a 5.5" 1080p IPS LCD display, 13MP rear camera with f/2.0 aperture and 27mm focal length and 5MP front camera with 1080p video. Other features include a non-removable 3000mAh battery, Dolby Audio and dual-SIM support.. The XDA App is the fastest way to access the forums on mobile.. One-Handed Mode replicates the useful iOS "Reachability" feature without root.. Labs is an independent app store that gives developers full control over their work.. The ultimate, most complete theming solution for Android.. The best way to get cutting edge news about your device!. HTC One X9 Questions & Answers. HTC One X9 Guides, News, & Discussion. HTC One X9 ROMs, Kernels, Recoveries, & Other Development. HTC One X9 Themes, Apps and Mods. Rom List : HTC One X9. HTC One X9 Questions & Answers HTC One X9 Guides, News, & Discussion HTC One X9 ROMs, Kernels, Recoveries, & Other Development HTC One X9 Themes, Apps and Mods HTC One X9 Accessories. HTC One X9 Questions & Answers. HTC One X9 - Bluetooth not connecting calls. it does not working at all.. How remove Password without data lost. Htc one x9 touch digitizer problem. More HTC One X9 Questions & Answers Threads. HTC One X9 Guides, News, & Discussion. [GUIDE][ROOT] HTC One X9 Android 6.0 ROOT Method. HTC One X9 Stock ROM / Firmware Collections. [Root][Guide][MT6795] Improve the responsiveness and battery life on your X9. Unable to Unlock Bootloader - HTC dev. More HTC One X9 Guides, News, & Discussion Threads. HTC One X9 ROMs, Kernels, Recoveries, & Other Development. ROM balla241 E56ml dtul 2.17.400.1 TWRP Backup. More HTC One X9 ROMs, Kernels, Recoveries, & Other Development Threads. HTC One X9 Themes, Apps and Mods. camera and flash light not working. [NO ROOT] HTC 10/U11 Camera UI. [SOLVED]HTC Music app how to port to X9 dual sim. More HTC One X9 Themes, Apps and Mods Threads. More HTC One X9 Accessories Threads. ---- XDA 2013 Beta - 1024. XDA Developers was founded by developers, for developers. It is now a valuable resource for people who want to make the most of their mobile devices, from customizing the look and feel to adding new functionality. Are you a developer? | Terms of Service. 
153.9 x 75.9 x 8 mm (6.06 x 2.99 x 0.31 in). micro SD, up to 200 GB. 13 MP, f/2.0, 28mm, autofocus, OIS, dual-LED (dual tone) flash. This mobile phone–related article is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it .. 5.5 inch, FHD, Super LCD, 1080 x 1920 16M colors. HTC One X9 is a touchscreen , slate smartphone designed and manufactured by HTC. It was released running Android 6.0 , (Marshmallow) with the HTC Sense skin overlay. The One X9 was announced on December 2015 and released in China in January 2016.. HTC Android devices. Butterfly (J Butterfly / Droid DNA). Butterfly S (Butterfly S Hello Kitty Limited Edition). Desire 600 (Desire 600C / Desire 608T). Desire 700 (Desire 709D / Desire 7060 / Desire 7088). Desire 516 (Desire 516C / Desire 516G / Desire 316). Desire 620 (Desire 620G / Desire 820 Mini). Desire 820 (Desire 820G+ / Desire 820Q / Desire 820S). Desire 526 (Desire 526G / Desire 526G+). Desire 626 (Desire 626G / Desire 626G+ / Desire 626S). One S (One S Special Edition). One (M7) (One (M7) Google Play Edition / J One). One (M8) (One (M8) Google Play Edition / One (M8) Harman Kardon Edition / One (M8 Eye) / One M8S). One M9 (One M9 Prime Camera Edition / One M9(S)). One M9+ (One M9+ Supreme Camera Edition). Raider 4G (Velocity 4G / Vivid). Categories : HTC mobile phones Smartphones Android (operating system) devices Mobile phones introduced in 2016 Touchscreen mobile phones Mobile technology stubs. Hidden categories: All stub articles. Not logged in Talk Contributions Create account Log in. Main page Contents Featured content Current events Random article Donate to Wikipedia Wikipedia store. Help About Wikipedia Community portal Recent changes Contact page. What links here Related changes Upload file Special pages Permanent link Page information Wikidata item Cite this page. Create a book Download as PDF Printable version. This page was last edited on 31 January 2018, at 18:21. Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License ;. By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc. 
Email me special HTC and select partner offers, product information and newsletters.. To review our privacy policy, please Click Here .. We have received your information and will send you HTC updates soon.. WHAT CAN WE HELP YOU WITH?. HTC Devices & Accessories Purchase & Order Questions. Thank you, your email address has been submitted successfully.. Exclusive offers and deals New product news and alerts. Don't miss the latest from HTC Australia. To preview our privacy, please click here .. Switching the power on or off. Want some quick guidance on your phone?. Your first week with your new phone. Setting your home and work locations. Turning smart folders on and off. Waking up to the lock screen. Waking up to the Home widget panel. Turning lock screen notifications on or off. Restoring from your previous HTC phone. Ways of transferring content from an. Other ways of getting contacts and other content. Transferring photos, videos, and music between your phone and computer. Creating your own theme from scratch. Grouping apps on the widget panel and launch bar. Adding photos or videos to an album. Copying or moving photos or videos between albums. Accepting or declining a meeting invitation. Reading and replying to an email message. Music controls or app notifications not appearing on. Turning the camera flash on or off. Taking a photo while recording a video—VideoPic. Using the volume buttons for taking photos and videos. Tips for taking selfies and people shots. How does the Camera app capture RAW photos?. Making a call with your voice. Calling a number in a message, email, or calendar event. What can I do during a call?. Switching between silent, vibrate, and normal modes. Moving messages to the secure box. Copying a text message to the. Getting in touch with a contact. Should I use the storage card as removable or internal storage?. Setting up your storage card as internal storage. Moving apps and data between the phone storage and storage card. Moving an app to the storage card. Viewing and managing files on the storage. Adding your social networks, email accounts, and more. Ways of backing up files, data, and settings. HTC Sync Manager on your computer. iPhone content and apps to your HTC phone. Turning the data connection on or off. Sharing your phone's Internet connection by USB tethering. Streaming music to speakers powered by the. Turning location services on or off. Setting when to turn off the screen. Turning Magnification gestures on or off. Read this article to learn more. Transferring photos, videos, and music between your phone and computer. Here are ways you can transfer your media from or to your computer.. X9 for the first time—or after you've done a factory reset—you’.... X9 has a persistent problem that cannot be solved, you can perform a factory re.... Android™ 6.0 Marshmallow brings new features that make your mobile life more convenient.. Use a storage card to store your photos, videos, and music. When you need to free up phon.... You can check the percentage of remaining battery power right from the status bar.. HTC Sync Manager on your computer. Read this article to learn more. You can copy your music, photos, and other files to. Hyperlapse: Make your videos more epic. Hyperlapse: Make your videos more epic. Pro mode: Shoot like a pro. Themes: Lets you personalize your screens. HTC Sense Home: Follow your style. Photo Editor: Create more with photo effects. HTC Connect: Play your music and video wirelessly. HTC Dot View: Answer calls without opening the case. Find topics about HTC One X9. Can’t find what you’re looking for?. English - Quick start guide English - User manual. Australia Österreich Bangladesh Brazil Canada - English Canada - Français Česká republika 中国 Danmark Deutschland España Suomi France Hong Kong 香港 Hrvatska India Indonesia Ireland Italia 日本 Казахстан América Latina Malaysia Magyarország Middle East الشرق الأوسط Myanmar Nederland New Zealand Norge Pakistan Россия и СНГ Polska România Schweiz Singapore Sri Lanka Sverige 台灣 ประเทศไทย Türkiye Україна United Kingdom United States Việt Nam Saudi Arabia. Australia Österreich Bangladesh Brazil Canada - English Canada - Français Česká republika 中国 Danmark Deutschland España Suomi France Hong Kong 香港 Hrvatska India Indonesia Ireland Italia 日本 Казахстан América Latina Malaysia Magyarország Middle East الشرق الأوسط Myanmar Nederland New Zealand Norge Pakistan Россия и СНГ Polska România Schweiz Singapore Sri Lanka Sverige 台灣 ประเทศไทย Türkiye Україна United Kingdom United States Việt Nam Saudi Arabia. Australia Österreich Bangladesh Brazil Canada - English Canada - Français Česká republika 中国 Danmark Deutschland España Suomi France Hong Kong 香港 Hrvatska India Indonesia Ireland Italia 日本 Казахстан América Latina Malaysia Magyarország Middle East الشرق الأوسط Myanmar Nederland New Zealand Norge Pakistan Россия и СНГ Polska România Schweiz Singapore Sri Lanka Sverige 台灣 ประเทศไทย Türkiye Україна United Kingdom United States Việt Nam Saudi Arabia. Australia Österreich Bangladesh Brazil Canada - English Canada - Français Česká republika 中国 Danmark Deutschland España Suomi France Hong Kong 香港 Hrvatska India Indonesia Ireland Italia 日本 Казахстан América Latina Malaysia Magyarország Middle East الشرق الأوسط Myanmar Nederland New Zealand Norge Pakistan Россия и СНГ Polska România Schweiz Singapore Sri Lanka Sverige 台灣 ประเทศไทย Türkiye Україна United Kingdom United States Việt Nam Saudi Arabia. Smartphones Buy Now Newsroom Company Overview Corporate Responsibility Investor. Buy Accessories HTC Accessories Partners HTC Blog HTC Dev HTC Vive. Innovations Ultrapixel camera HTC Transfer Power to Give HTC Connect Privacy Policy Terms of Use Code of Conduct Copyright Product Security Learn More. Support Center Warranty Policy HTC Advantage Working at HTC. Smartphones Buy Now Buy Accessories Innovations Ultrapixel camera HTC Transfer Power to Give HTC Connect Support Center Warranty Policy HTC Advantage Newsroom Company Overview Corporate Responsibility Investor HTC Accessories Partners HTC Blog HTC Dev HTC Vive Privacy Policy Terms of Use Code of Conduct Copyright Product Security Learn More Working at HTC. 
India World Cities Opinion Sports Entertainment Lifestyle Technology Viral Photos Videos ePaper. See More See Less. 25th Swayamsevak Samagam: Hindus have to unite, India’s responsibility is upon us, says RSS chief Mohan Bhagwat Oust ‘anti-people’ BJP govt from Haryana: Bhupinder Singh Hooda In Fact: Is Bengaluru about to run dry? India reaches out, invites Pakistan Minister for WTO talks in Delhi ‘Stalled projects’ is bad optics, so government moves to tweak label. HTC One X9 features premium design, good rear camera, but is that enough to compete against OnePlus 3 and Xiaomi Mi 5? Read our review to find out. Technology Tech Reviews HTC One X9. HTC One X9, priced at Rs 25,990, will have to fight against the other options in the price-range. HTC One X9 comes with a 13MP rear camera and 5MP front camera. It’s got a beautiful full-metal body, and runs Android Marshmallow. Its got a 5.5-inch full HD display and I’m quite happy with it. It is vivid, and the icons are sharp. The primary camera in One X9 is quite impressive, especially in low-light settings (Image resized for web). Sample shot with HTC One X9 (Image resized for web). Sample shot with HTC One X9 (Image resized for web). HTC One X9 lacks a good grip, it slipped quited often from my hands a number of times.. Updated: May 13, 2017 10:34 am. Sridevi funeral LIVE UPDATES: Mortal remains to arrive in Mumbai today Sridevi dies at 54, leaves India in shock Railway Group D recruitment 2018 for 62,907 posts: Eligibility criteria changes, apply online. HTC might not be doing wonders in the smartphone market, but that hasn’t stopped the Taiwanese company from launching six smartphones in one go in India, including its 2016 flagship – HTC 10.. HTC argues the new lineup has something for everyone with smartphones starting from Rs 13,990 and going all the way up to Rs 52,990 for HTC 10.. HTC has already developed for a following for its Desire range among Indian consumers and now it is attempting to offer a One series device in the similar price bracket.. HTC One X9 is a dual-SIM smartphone, priced at Rs 25,990. While HTC 10 will compete with the likes of LG G5 , and Samsung S7; the HTC One X9 will have to fight against the other options in the price-range: the newly launched OnePlus 3 , Xiaomi Mi 5, etc.. HTC One X9 bears a design similar to what we saw on the HTC One series. The Carbon Grey variant that we got for review looks quite premium.. HTC One X9 comes with a 13MP rear camera and 5MP front camera. It’s got a beautiful full-metal body, and runs Android Marshmallow. There’s no fingerprint scanner on the smartphone though, which is a let-down at this price-point.. Specs: 5.5-inch full HD display | octa-core MediaTek Helio X10 processor | 3GB | 32GB (expandable up to 2000GB) | 13MP rear camera + 5MP front camera | 3,000mah battery | Android Marshmallow | HTC One X9 full specs. It is no secret HTC is known for making good-looking smartphones; and the company is continuing this legacy with One X9. This is a beautiful looking smartphone, and definitely one of the best I have ever seen in this price-range.. A small camera unit and flash is neatly placed on the top left corner on the back, micro-USB slot is at the bottom; and a 3.5 mm headphone jack at the top.. One X9 has a 5.5-inch full HD display and I’m quite happy with it. It’s vivid, and the icons are sharp. The great thing about the display is that it’s easy to use, even in bright sunlight.. The primary camera in One X9 is quite impressive, especially in low-light settings. The pictures are clear, and the colour reproduction is accurate. The reds and pinks might a bit over-saturated, but they do not bleed. Pictures do not appear grainy, even when clicked in low-light, which is a big plus. However, this one doesn’t come with HTC’s UltraPixel technology.. HTC One X9 offers a smooth multitasking experience; be it watching videos or playing games; the smartphone can take almost anything. The screen however froze for me once while playing Asphalt 8. Also, the same app crashed more than once, which ideally shouldn’t happen. However, I did not face issues while browsing multiple tabs on the smartphone, or watching movies on it.. Heating is not a major issue with the phone. Yes, it did get a bit warm while playing Asphalt 8 for 20 minutes, but that was it.. The sound quality is a big plus with HTC One X9. The calls were crystal clear and loud. Playing music and watching movies, even without earphones is a great experience thanks to the BoomSound support.. HTC One X9 lacks a good grip, it slipped quite often from my hands. I had to be really careful with the smartphone, which definitely is a concern. Get a cover, if you plan on buying this one.. The front camera fails to deliver in low-light, as the pictures look downright grainy. It does a decent job otherwise.. HTC One X9 doesn’t come with a fingerprint scanner, and at this price-point; we sure expect one.. HTC One X9 is a premium-looking device, and comes with decent specs. And the company is clearly targeting the high-end market with this one.. Smartphones like Oppo F1 Plus, Xiaomi Mi 5 and the newly-launched OnePlus 3 provide direct competition to One X9; but HTC is targeting its loyal user base here.. Buy HTC One X9 if you want a phone that performs well, has a good rear camera and comes with a brand value attached to it.. For all the latest Technology News , download Indian Express App. © IE Online Media Services Pvt Ltd. Sridevi death: Everything you wanted to ask, but didn’t. Former cabinet secretary TRS Subramanian passes away, PM Modi condoles death. Jul 30, 2016 at 7:35 am. I bought this phone for e hotspot spot yesterday for INR 25,990 (USD 390) yesterday (and want to sell it today). Key points :-lt;br/gt;lt;br/gt;- The Hardware specs of the phone are exactly same as LE1S Eco which sells at INR 11,999 ~ USD 184lt;br/gt;lt;br/gt;lt;br/gt;Infact from specs sheet it looks like LE1S is much better with USB Type-C portlt;br/gt;lt;br/gt;- HTC One X9 is based on Mediatek Helio X10 processor and hence does not support VoLTE in Hardware - real shock at this price, even phones in USD 200 range being launched from past 5-6 months support VoLTE in Hardware.lt;br/gt;lt;br/gt;- Battery performance is also mediocre - will hardly last a day with normal Voice, Email Usage.. Aug 7, 2016 at 7:52 am. Do not follow spec Sheet ,HTC One x 9 is a wonderfull phone I am using it for the last one month ,Build Quality Audio, Camera , more over it supports Flex storage ,. 1 Sridevi funeral LIVE UPDATES: Mortal remains to arrive in Mumbai today 2 Sridevi dies at 54, leaves India in shock 3 Railway Group D recruitment 2018 for 62,907 posts: Eligibility criteria changes, apply online 4 Sridevi death: Everything you wanted to ask, but didn’t. Cities Delhi Chief Secretary 'assault' case: Discrepancy in CCTV timing found at Kejriwal's home, Police tells court Former cabinet secretary TRS Subramanian passes away, PM Modi condoles death India reaches out, invites Pakistan Minister for WTO talks in Delhi Opinion Populists are here to stay. They take revenge on soft targets and make people dream Opinion Union Budget 2018 has laid the ground for a higher and sustained economic growth. Entertainment Sridevi death: Everything you wanted to ask, but didn’t Entertainment Goofball to seductress: The many shades of Sridevi Entertainment Sridevi's electric double roles: From Chaalbaaz to Lamhe Trending Pakistani airlines hilariously trolled with complaints on Facebook after they put up ad on why everyone should fly with them Trending Video of a man jumping from the top of 24-storey building and MIRACULOUSLY surviving has gone viral. Is Bengaluru about to run dry? LIVE UPDATES: BJP’s schemes are only for few specific rich industrialists, says Rahul Gandhi in Karnataka Cities Six teens with earphones run over by train in Uttar Pradesh's Hapur, one critically injured AAP-Chief Secy Standoff: Split wide open Sports Onus on young pacers to prove mettle Sports India bid farewell to SA tour on a happy note Lifestyle Sridevi: From Queen Bee to Style Star Sridevi as a timeless beauty and fashion icon through the years Technology Samsung Galaxy S9, Galaxy S9+ First impressions and FAQs Technology Xiaomi Mi Mix 2s to feature Snapdragon 845 SoC, launch set for March 27. This video of two Pakistani anchors ‘fighting in a newsroom’ has gone. viral China pushes back against criticism of plan for President Xi Jinping to stay in. power Indian-origin woman allegedly linked to ISIS arrested for abducting a British. couple South Korea’s final Winter Olympic challenge: keep the lights. on Here’s why Sridevi and Kamal Haasan pairing is. Max Life, Max Fin Services to merge into HDFC Standard Life. Telangana TSTET result 2016 declared @ tstet.cgg.gov.in. NBA: LeBron James and Cleveland Cavaliers down Golden State Warriors 115-101, force Game. MWC 2018: Nokia 7 Plus with 18:9 display launched; price, specs and. more MWC 2018: Nokia 1 Android Oreo (Go Edition) launched at. $85 MWC 2018 LIVE UPDATES: Sony Xperia XZ2, Xperia XZ2 Compact with reduced bezels, Ear Duo headsets. Please reload and try again !!!. Copyright © 2018 The Indian Express [P] Ltd. 
Ausdroid Australia's favourite source of mobile and personal technology news. Best BYO Plans – 5GB or more. Best BYO Plans – 10GB or more. Best BYO Plans – Unlimited calls and SMS. Telstra Tough Max 2 — Australian Review. Moto Mods – Polaroid Insta-share Printer available for $249. Garmin Vivoactive 3 — Australian Review. Garmin vívofit 4 : Australian Review. Alcatel announces Alcatel 1, 3 and 5 series phones with 18:9 FullView displays. Tough machine and now phone maker CAT unveils the S61 with an updated thermal camera on board. LG shows off two new K-series handsets ahead of Mobile World Congress. Samsung Galaxy S9/S9+ Specs and Details leaked with press renders. Split screen support for Android apps in tablet mode is now live in Chrome OS Canary. Chrome OS now supports split screen in Tablet Mode on Stable Channel. New Huawei MediaPad Tablets coming including a new Pro model with M-Pen Stylus support. Code suggests Google Assistant is coming to all Chromebooks. Android, Modding & Updates Apps, Games & Google Services Assistant and Artificial Intelligence. Oreo update for Android Wear on Huawei Watch 2 reportedly disabling Android Pay for users outside US/UK. Here’s why Samsung halted the Android 8 Oreo rollout for Galaxy S8 owners. ChromeOS will soon allow you to run Android apps in the background .. and you can try it today. Android 8.0 Oreo is coming to Australian unlocked HTC U11. Google Pay begins to replace Android Pay, with sharp new app design. Optus opens access to National Geographic app to all Australians. Boost Juice are offering the chance to get a BitCoin just by buying a juice. If you’re visiting Optus Stadium in Perth make sure you download the app before hand. Google Assistant integration is coming to the entire Netgear Arlo range of security cameras. Official Samsung Galaxy S9 covers show up with some familiar and some new cases shown off. Lenovo Smart Display with Google Assistant is the smart home device you know you want. D-Link Expands Range of Google Assistant-Compatible Products. Around the Home Daydream, Cardboard & VR Smartwatches. There is only a few days left to claim your free Google Home Mini from your Pixel 2 Play Store purchase. You can now purchase the Nest Cam IQ in Australia. Google Assistant integration is coming to the entire Netgear Arlo range of security cameras. Netgear introduces the Arlo Pro 2 to the Australian market. Google encourages us to capture our most important memories with VR180 cameras. Lenovo’s Mirage Solo standalone Daydream headset is now official. Lenovo standalone Daydream View headset passes through FCC with 4,000mAh battery. Samsung’s Gear VR experience Droid Repair Bay coming to a Samsung Experience Store near you. Oreo update for Android Wear on Huawei Watch 2 reportedly disabling Android Pay for users outside US/UK. Latest Google app update fixes OK Google lag on Android Wear. The Armani Emporio Connected Android Wear watch is available at Harvey Norman. Australian Pricing and Availability for Kate Spade and Skagen Android Wear watches announced. Now that they support Android Auto you can finally buy that Lamborghini. Huawei used a Mate 10 Pro and it’s built in AI to drive a car. Android Auto makes a big leap at CES 2018. Alpine to release a 9 inch Android Auto unit that hovers above the dash. An early look: Pocket Casts Web Beta. Chris wraps up the biggest news of the week – 4 June. Phil discusses Day Two of Computex Taipei. Phil wraps up the first day of Computex 2017. HTC One X9 — Australian Review. Key Specifications: HTC One X9 Release date December 2015 Screen size 5.5-inch Screen technology Super LCD Resolution 1,920 x 1,080 PPI 401 Rear camera 13MP Rear aperture f/2.0 Front camera 5MP Front aperture f/2.8 Chipset MediaTek Helio X10 Core config 2.2 GHz x 8 RAM 3GB Storage 32GB MicroSD Yes, up to 2TB Battery 3,000 mAh Battery removable — Connector MicroUSB Headphone Port Yes Headphone Location Top Speaker Configuration Stereo Front facing WIFI standards 802.11 a/b/g/n/ac Bluetooth standards 4.2 LE ADP NFC Yes Location A-GPS GLONASS BDS Android OS Android 6.0 Vendor skin HTC Sense Dimensions 153.9 x 75.9 x 7.99 mm Weight 170g Colours Silver Gold. HTC One X9 Performance and Battery. HTC has a long and varied history with Android hardware. They literally kicked off the Android Handset market with the HTC Dream / G1, and again kicked off the Nexus program with the Nexus One. HTC then redefined Android build quality for the better with the HTC One M7. Unfortunately, despite their obvious commitment to the platform, they have had difficulty in moving units in a meaningful way to make a profitable smartphone business, and in recent times just seem to be struggling to stay relevant, despite their lineage. I’ve had the opportunity to spend a few weeks with the…. HTC One X9 — Australian Review. HTC One X9 — Australian Review. A well-built mid-tier device with solid performance and great features. Camera performance is a little lackluster for quick shots but reliable when you have time to shoot.. User Rating: 2.71 ( 16 votes). HTC has a long and varied history with Android hardware. They literally kicked off the Android Handset market with the HTC Dream / G1, and again kicked off the Nexus program with the Nexus One. HTC then redefined Android build quality for the better with the HTC One M7. Unfortunately, despite their obvious commitment to the platform, they have had difficulty in moving units in a meaningful way to make a profitable smartphone business, and in recent times just seem to be struggling to stay relevant, despite their lineage.. I’ve had the opportunity to spend a few weeks with the HTC One X9, HTC’s current mid-tier device, and one thing shines, and that is HTC’s familiarity with Android. For a ‘mid specced’ device I experienced very few performance issues; it absolutely runs rings around other mid-tier devices that I have used from a system performance/ stability perspective.. The metal unibody construction and stereo front facing speakers all combine to make the HTC One X9 a great piece of Hardware. From a software perspective I’m not a fan of Sense but with a little Android customisation, I had few issues.. So the question is, should you consider the One X9 for your next purchase? Read on to find out.. The HTC One X9, we’ll be calling it the X9 from here on out, is a solidly built handset that leverages HTC’s manufacturing expertise bringing a more premium fit and finish to the mid-tier. The 5.5” FHD device has an all aluminium back, 3000 mAh battery and stereo front facing speakers. It feels smooth, perhaps almost slippery in the hand and engenders a real sense of quality, the engineering tolerances this device are great. At $699 AUD full retail, it is at the upper end of the mid-tier category but still several hundred away from the top of the crop.. Weighing in at 170 g the 153.9 x 75.9 x 7.99 mm device feels light and manageable in my large hands, out of its case. Inside its case, it gets just a little too wide, even for me. Device size is as much personal preference as it is utility, what I want is a 5.5” display in a device the size of a 5.2” phone, what you may want may well be different. For a 5.5″ phone it feels to be the right size.. Alongside the better than typical design and construction found in run of the mill mid-tier devices the X9 is also leading the way with some of the internal specs. The 3GB of RAM definitely made a difference to the device and the overall performance feel of the device and the MediaTek Helio X10 processor has shown itself to be a very capable SOC. Here’re the rest of the specs by the numbers.. This is a metal phone with a rounded design and antenna lines. Some people are going to say it resembles some other mobile devices. At this stage if you’re making a metal unibody device with rounded edges there is going to be some design language cross over, it’s time we all just accepted that. That said this does not look like a device intended to copy anything all of the little details are different enough from most other devices.. As previously discussed the build materials and fit and finish of this device are well above what I typically see in the mid-tier device range. Admittedly this is becoming a growing trend at this level with some OEMs, so while welcome, it’s not unique. That said HTC know how to make a damn fine phone.. In what was obviously an attempt to make the buttons easier to reach on a larger phone HTC have placed them lower on the right edge, this is fine, however, they have also placed the power button on the bottom, in contrast to almost all other devices. This is just confusing when switching between devices and actually a little annoying. HTC, don’t mess with people’s muscle memory, please.. On paper, the rear 13MP f/2.0 camera should be capable of shooting some decent photos, and in the right situations it can but if you want a camera that you can pull out of your pocket and have a good chance of getting a shot, this isn’t the camera for you.. The time to load feels like weeks at times and the autofocus is unreliable at best. I frequently missed shots or ended up with a blurry mess when using the device for real world shots. That’s not to say you can’t use the X9’s rear camera to grab a nice shot, you can, if you’ve got time to load the camera, frame the subject, focus, focus, focus and grab the shot, you can get some great images.. The front facing camera is competent for your typical selfie shots, but unlike some devices, this doesn’t seem to be a highlight feature. I’m ok with that and it certainly worked for my purposes.. HTC have a history of struggling with the photo taking experience in their devices. Whatever the reason the main camera in the X9 simply fails to be a reliable performer.. To show what you can get from the X9 with just a little effort I allowed the device time to grab the best shots it could.. Here is some example of how many of my images turned out, quick photos or low light shots are basally a no go.. You know what types of photos you take, and how important those shots are to you.. The X9 is running HTC’s latest iteration of their Android skin, Sense 7.0, all built on top of Android 6.0, at the end of the review period (mid July 2016) it was still on the April security patch despite getting an update a few weeks into the review. Over the years Sense has certainly moved closer to stock Android however, HTC has ‘touched’ almost every aspect of the UI from Quick Settings to the settings menu.. For some reason HTC does not allow you to customise the quick settings, this is an almost universal feature, and in many respects, something some OEMs typically do better than stock Android. It was very disappointing not being able to remove, or add or rearrange items in the quick settings. I tried all the trick I know of how to enable this functionality as was ultimately unsuccessful.. Sense Home is the core of HTC’s software experience as their primary launcher. Those familiar with Android will know not all launchers are created equal. HTC has definitely tried to create an experience with their launcher, and if I didn’t have such strong “set-up” that is the core of my workflow I could actually see myself liking elements of their launcher. The launcher has 2 differentiating features that go beyond the grid of apps and widgets.. Firstly, there is the “Highlights” page accessed by swiping to the right. Highlights is a replacement for Blinkfeed from previous versions of sense – or Google Now on the Google Now Launcher – and presents you with a customisable feed made up of sources of your choice. The second feature is their Home Widget. The Home Widget is a location based home screen that changes your icons based on location with a hefty range of customisation. I could see that if Nova Launcher incorporated a similar feature I would definitely experiment with it.. Moving on from the Launcher another interesting feature is HTC’s theming engine. Android Theming is becoming more popular amongst Android OEM’s perhaps as a way of selling the dream of ‘full customisation’ yet delivering something a little less than that. Still using the theming engine you can either download someone else’s themes (I turned the X9 into a Nexus 6P) or roll your own.. Along with other customisation options, you can change the wallpaper, fonts, icon packs, alarm and ringtones and various other UI elements.. HTC seem to have done a great job of not adding too much in the way of bloat or unnecessary apps. Unfortunately, apps such as Facebook, Messenger (FB), Instagram, Vodafone apps and Skype are preinstalled and can not be removed. Preinstalling apps is one thing but not letting users choose to remove them is a move that continues to put OEMs who do this, like HTC, in a user-hostile position. Regardless of this the device still had 23.06 GB of the 32 GB of internal storage user accessible.. There’s far more a to an Android Ski than we can cover in an acceptable length review. Suffice to say that while HTC’s implementation is improving it still has some areas for further iteration but on the whole, delivers an unmistakenly Android experience.. While we’re not huge fans of the benchmarks as the ultimate decider of a good performing device, they are a good indication of relative performance in some areas. Here’s how the X9 compared to similarly priced devices easily available in Australia.. Overall the X9 performed very well. As a daily driver I never had any issues with it and never felt that I was waiting for the phone, except during reboots 0 which seemed to be related to encryption. The device easily handled all of my daily tasks and even managed a game or two.. I did experience a little unreliability with calls if I had Pocket Casts running, Bluetooth audio streaming, a game running and a call coming in. Not everytime but it did go a bit wonky every now and then, not a big deal, and certainly not the first device I’ve had go weak at the knees with that combination.. The battery life of the X9 was a bit of a mixed bag. At times it would seemingly last all day with plenty left in the tank. However, on other days it would need frequent top ups. This seemed to be with HTC’s downtime optimisations. At rest, the device sipped power like it wasn’t using any.. However, if you were actually using it it just didn’t seem to perform as well. That said on a heavy day I was able to get from wake up at 05:30 to work and home again without it going flat, however, if I hadn’t topped up it wouldn’t last until bedtime around 21:30.. The X9 came with your stereotypical range of connectivity. Dual Band WiFi 802.11 a/b/g/n/ac, Bluetooth 4.2 with LE and A2DP, LTE (suitable for all Australian mobile networks) and all of the global positioning you’ll ever want.. But does it have NFC…… yes, yes it does, and just in case you’re interested Android Pay (and other mobile payment systems) worked great. From a connector standpoint, the X9 has stuck with a MicroUSB connector and has maintained the 3.5mm headphone jack. Everything else is pretty much how you would expect it to be.. Overall the HTC One X9 is a solid performer providing a great user experience in a nicely made device. The software is serviceable and the customisation built into both Android and to Sense allows you to really tweak most of the device just how you like it.. At $699 AUD retail – or next to nothing on a Vodafone plan – the device is at the upper limits of what I would call mid-tier. For the same money there are competing phones worthy or some consideration, however, the performance on this one is solid. The big negative must be the camera, it was only a few years ago this was status quo on flagship phones and it looks like those improvements just haven’t broken through to the mid-tier in a reliable way yet.. The inclusion of NFC is important as service such as Android Pay going live in Australia with more institutions coming online, at this stage, I just won’t be highly recommending any device without it,. If you were looking for a phone for no more than $700 AUD and a fast camera was not on your must have list I’d be more than happy to recommend you check out the HTC One X9.. Duncan has been interested in technology since coding "Mary had a little Lamb" in Basic on his ZX Spectrum. A fan of all things Android, most days you'll find Duncan trawling the web for Android news or quietly editing away on Map Maker.. Previous Ausdroid weekly round up – 18th to 24th July 2016. Next Linksys updates their app with new UI, smart notifications and parental controls. Notify of new replies to this comment - (on). Notify of new replies to this comment - (off). Notify of new replies to this comment - (on). Notify of new replies to this comment - (off). Share On Facebook Share On Twitter Share On Google. Alcatel announces Alcatel 1, 3 and 5 series phones with 18:9 FullView displays. At their event in Barcelona ahead of Mobile World Congress, Alcatel has unveiled their latest …. If you’d like to support Ausdroid, or if you use an ad-blocker, we ask you to consider supporting our Patreon .. You choose your level of support, and know that you’re helping us keep the lights on and the news flowing.. Carl Myers I created an Alexa skill for live English football - Alextra Time. It reads aloud live commentary fr... Amazon Alexa Skills – what skills are available here in Australia ·. Adam Optus Mate 9, still no update.... [Update: Optus says no to HTC One M9] HTC One M9 and Huawei Mate 9 Oreo updates rolling out to Optus users ·. Ben Google's courier charged me $250 import duty on a Pixel 2. Also refused to sent it back to Google as... There is only a few days left to claim your free Google Home Mini from your Pixel 2 Play Store purchase ·. Shawn That is cool but I am not sure how many people actually need a FLIR camera that would not already ha... Tough machine and now phone maker CAT unveils the S61 with an updated thermal camera on board ·. Scott Plowman It's an incremental update at best but you are right, there wasn't much wrong with last year's model... MWC 2018: The calm before the storm ·. Scott Plowman This may be what the mobile space needs...one of the lesser known companies to step up and give us s... MWC 2018: The calm before the storm ·. Nick Fletcher The thing I think I'll miss most is being able to Swype in password fields... Swype Keyboard has now been discontinued ·. Fred It looks like MWC 2018 is going to be such a snoozefest that it would have been the ideal opportunit... MWC 2018: The calm before the storm ·. Oldmike I just saw a quick Samsung video/promo leaked on the tube , I actually liked what I saw , I would sa... MWC 2018: The calm before the storm ·. Manoj Bhandari Wow, the designs are much better than anything Sony has put out, to this date. Alcatel announces Alcatel 1, 3 and 5 series phones with 18:9 FullView displays ·. Ausdroid is a labour of love. Ausdroid is Australia’s only news outlet dedicated to coverage of all things Android, mobile and personal technology.. We’re independent, and though we work with major brands, we don’t work for them; we share our opinions, not theirs, and that won’t ever change.. Tune in for your daily fix of news from our talented writers. and enjoy the best of what Ausdroid has to offer.. About Ausdroid · Ausdroid Staff · Disclosure and Interests · Editorial Statement · Contact Us · Send us a tip. LG take the wraps off their updated flagship, the V30S. ThinQ https://t.co/SK8BFxbHop https://t.co/ZVGHuSu0AC 7 hours ago. MWC 2018: The calm before the. storm https://t.co/UbabxG9Aj7 https://t.co/inCMnqhgLh 12 hours ago. Alcatel announces Alcatel 1, 3 and 5 series phones with 18:9 FullView. displays https://t.co/2LKMpzre5U https://t.co/0uKRPnyNQ1 16 hours ago. Time to learn what @alcatelmobileau is up to at #MobileWorldCongress https://t.co/GzWt28njN4 16 hours ago. Brought to you by (amongst other things) Dan Goodes. © Copyright 2018, All Rights Reserved.. You are going to send email to. 
Lenovo's Yoga 730 is a cheaper 2-in-1 with Alexa support. The Xperia XZ2 is Sony's fastest, strangest flagship phone yet. Sony will sell its wireless 'open-ear' buds in the US. Lenovo's Yoga 730 is a cheaper 2-in-1 with Alexa support. The Xperia XZ2 is Sony's fastest, strangest flagship phone yet. Sony will sell its wireless 'open-ear' buds in the US. Tesla's electric trucks may be more cost-effective than expected. HTC One X9 goes head to head with affordable Chinese phones. Even though it's Christmas Eve, we're getting used to seeing the odd product announcements coming from the Far East around this time of the year (ugh). Today, the culprit is none other than HTC, who has announced yet another metallic "hero" Android device, the One X9. Judging by its looks, you may as well say the Butterfly S (front) and Lenovo's Phab Plus (back) made a baby here, especially with how the X9 even re-introduced HTC's long-gone back-lit capacitive Android buttons. More interestingly, this device is going for just 2,399 yuan or about $370 off-contract in China, making it HTC's most affordable hero device ever.. On paper, the X9 is pretty much what you'd expect from a premium mid-ranger these days, as it comes with a 5.5-inch 1080p display (likely IPS), an octa-core MediaTek X10 chipset (8x Cortex-A53), 3GB of RAM, 32GB of storage, a dedicated microSD slot (up to 2TB), a 3,000 mAh battery and dual Nano SIM slots. Radio-wise, you get the regular UMTS 3G (850/900/1900/2100) plus China Mobile's TD-SCDMA 3G (1900/2000), along with dual-mode LTE (FDD bands 1/3/5/7/8/28; TDD bands 38/39/40/41).. Like the smaller but more expensive A9 , the X9 is also garnished with a 13-megapixel f/2.0 main camera with optical stabilization plus dual-tone flash, as well as an UltraPixel f/2.0 front camera on the other side for better low-light shots; and yes, you can capture RAW images here. It's worth pointing out that even though the A9 costs more than the X9, only the latter comes with BoomSound front-facing stereo speakers, thus making it a somewhat more attractive deal. What's uncertain is whether the X9 will ship with Android 6.0, nor has HTC provided a date for pre-ordering or shipping.. At 2,399 yuan, this is HTC's boldest attempt yet to steal a bigger slice of the pie from the likes of Xiaomi, Huawei, Oppo and Vivo who dominate that price tier in China. Having said that, these other brands still tend to offer slightly better specs at similar prices, so it's up to HTC to market the X9 properly in that region. For the rest of us outside China, here's hoping that we'll get a similar bargain.. android , china , gear , heliox10 , htc , mobile , onex9 , phone , sense7 , smartphone , x9. Richard's love for gadgets was probably triggered by an electric shock at the age of five while poking his finger into power sockets for no reason. He managed to destroy a few more desktops and phones until he was sent to England for school. Somehow he ended up in London, where he had the golden opportunity to buy a then senior editor a pint of lager, and here we are.. Lenovo's Yoga 730 is a cheaper 2-in-1 with Alexa support. The company also announced the Flex 14 at Mobile World Congress.. The Xperia XZ2 is Sony's fastest, strangest flagship phone yet. And as usual, it has a tiny, equally powerful sibling.. Sony will sell its wireless 'open-ear' buds in the US. The Xperia Ear Duo lets you hear both the outside world and your music.. Tesla's electric trucks may be more cost-effective than expected. DHL thinks it could recoup the money in just a year and a half.. Canon's entry-level Rebel T7 DSLR targets social media users. It costs just $550 with an 18-55mm f/3.5-5.6 kit lens.. © 2018 Oath Tech Network Aol Tech. ear icon eye icon text file vr. 
Looks like you really like Pricena! To continue browsing we need to make sure you are human :) Just check the box below and you're good to go.. If this doesn't work, please get in touch with us on info[at]pricena.com.. 
Samsung Galaxy S9 OnePlus 5T Huawei Mate 10 Google Pixel 2 OnePlus 5. LG K10 (2018) Samsung Galaxy S9 Elephone S8 HTC U11 Eyes Honor 9 Lite. Samsung Galaxy S9 OnePlus 5T Huawei Mate 10 Google Pixel 2 OnePlus 5. Buy and sell gently used phones. HTC One X9 Guides, News, & Discussion. [GUIDE][ROOT] HTC One X9 Android 6.0 ROOT Method by sabpprook. HTC One X9 Guides, News, & Discussion HTC One X9 Questions & Answers HTC One X9 ROMs, Kernels, Recoveries, & Other Development HTC One X9 Themes, Apps and Mods HTC One X9 Accessories. 1 If mac is anything like. unpack it, then … 1 (quote). Samsung Galaxy S9 and Galaxy S9+ are Official: Specifications, Features, Prices, and Availability. LineageOS 15.1 Feature List Overview with Screenshots and Video. LineageOS 15.1 based on Android 8.1 Oreo has been officially announced. The Best Weather App is on Sale, Get Today Weather for $2.49. Exclusive: the Xiaomi Mi Max 3 is coming with Wireless Charging and Possibly an Iris Scanner. Xiaomi Redmi Note 5 and Redmi Note 5 Pro Forums Are Now Open for Posting. Unofficial LineageOS 15.1 brings Android 8.1 Oreo Go Edition to First Generation Android One Devices. Take Control of your Phone’s Rotation with “Rotation” Orientation Manager. Customize Samsung Experience 9.0 and Android Oreo on the Samsung Galaxy S8/S8+ with this Xposed Module. MX Player is Recruiting Users for a New Private Beta Testing Program. Dreaming Battery is a Minimalist Screensaver for Displaying your Battery Level. Having troubles with your Ad Blocker? This app adds a Quick Settings tile for easy Ad Block toggling. Guest Quick Reply (no urls or BBcode). The following errors occurred with your submission. [GUIDE][ROOT] HTC One X9 Android 6.0 ROOT Method. By sabpprook , Senior Member on 6th September 2016, 03:16 PM. Here are something you will need. Install HTC Driver the decompress ADB-Windows.zip. Go to (Settings -> About -> Software information -> More -> Build number), Tap it 7 times to enable developer options. Go to (Settings -> Developer options), Check OEM unlocking and USB debugging options. Go to ADB-Windows folder and hold Shift + Right Mouse Click the click open command windows here. Input the command below to test adb function. Input the command to reboot to download mode. Download mode is same as fastboot in bootloader on old devices, so you must to do UNLOCK, FLASH or RUU in download mode. Go to HTCdev website to unlock bootloader, you can search many guides on Google. Reboot to download mode and flash recovery. After flash recovery, reboot to bootloader then BOOT TO RECOVERY MODE. Wipe -> Format Data -> type yes to format data. Please reboot to recovery after formatting. Please download SuperSU v2.78 , i've test this version and work like a charm. Before flashing su, please ensure that BOOT image is stock.. The Following 2 Users Say Thank You to sabpprook For This Useful Post: [ View ]. geekygrl (17th September 2016) , wkharposh66 (10th September 2016). [Results are in] Honor Let the XDA Community Decide Which Intelligent Scenes Will be Added to their AI Camera >. Honor 9 Lite and Huawei P Smart Kernel Sources have been released >. Vote for the Next Honor AI Camera Recognition Scene >. Join Date: Joined: Dec 2009. Have to questions: Will that also work for the DualSim version?. Is the TWRP not the test version, where need a password?. Sent from my LG-H961N using XDA-Developers mobile app. Join Date: Joined: Dec 2011. My Devices: HTC One (M8) , HTC Desire 820 , HTC One (M9). I have tested on dual-sim device (Taiwanese model) but single-sim devices, need volunteer to test it. In this situation TWRP will request password, stock BOOT and boot into android once, in the meanwhile userdata will be encrypted. BUT you won't do nothing if you flash TWRP, just format the userdata and install SuperSU, encryption doesn't matter anymore.. Have to questions: Will that also work for the DualSim version?. Is the TWRP not the test version, where need a password?. Sent from my LG-H961N using XDA-Developers mobile app. Join Date: Joined: Dec 2009. So, you tried it with the DualSim version. But I don't know how to stock Boot and boot into Android? Can you help me with that? Thx a lot. Sent from my LG-H961N using XDA-Developers mobile app. Join Date: Joined: Dec 2011. My Devices: HTC One (M8) , HTC Desire 820 , HTC One (M9). So, you tried it with the DualSim version. But I don't know how to stock Boot and boot into Android? Can you help me with that? Thx a lot. Sent from my LG-H961N using XDA-Developers mobile app. Join Date: Joined: Dec 2009. Will try, it when I am back home. Sent from my LG-H961N using XDA-Developers mobile app. Join Date: Joined: Sep 2008. My Devices: HTC One Max , Huawei Ascend Mate 7 , HTC One X9. Thank you very much for the instructions. I have done it the root very easy. But my phone is S-off So I used SD card method. It's very easy way than ADB methode also no need to unlock bootloader if you are S-off.. Join Date: Joined: Aug 2014. Can some one direct me on how to get xposed up and running?????. Join Date: Joined: Dec 2011. My Devices: HTC One (M8) , HTC Desire 820 , HTC One (M9). Install xposed framework here via TWRP, then install APK here. Can some one direct me on how to get xposed up and running?????. The Following User Says Thank You to sabpprook For This Useful Post: [ View ]. Join Date: Joined: Nov 2009. Thanks so much! I will test this on my single sim X9. One of the best How-To's I have seen posted on this site in a long time - great work!. Join Date: Joined: Sep 2013. My Devices: HTC Desire HD , HTC One X , HTC One (M7) , HTC One X9 , HTC U11+. Do I have to root before I upgrade to the latest Android? 2.18.401.3. I have tried this and as soon as I install twrp the phone is soft bricked. It does not even start if I reinstall stock recovery. I tried again but this time I skipped this part:. Wipe -> Format Data -> type yes to format data. Posting Quick Reply - Please Wait. Top Threads in HTC One X9 Guides, News, & Discussion by ThreadRank. [GAPPS][ARM][ARM64][8.1] Unofficial OpenGApps builds for Android Oreo. [PORT] [8.0+] Dolby Atmos™ for Oreo 20180220 [Standard/Unity]. [APP][PATCHED] Google Phone v17.0.184919600 BUBBLE EDITION[NO ROOT]. [APP]NavExplorer 📁 Easy Android WiFi & Bluetooth File Transfer App. Android Wear Software and Hacking General. 50% more battery tip on Wear24 (and other LTE AW watches) -> ~3 Days /w Min Usage. Android Software and Hacking General [Developers Only]. [GUIDE] How-to Use WireGuard on Android and Ubuntu. HTC One X9 Guides, News, & Discussion. [GUIDE][ROOT] HTC One X9 Android 6.0 ROOT Method by sabpprook. ---- XDA 2013 Beta - 1024. XDA Developers was founded by developers, for developers. It is now a valuable resource for people who want to make the most of their mobile devices, from customizing the look and feel to adding new functionality. Are you a developer? | Terms of Service. 
Listed Price : 23,990. The One X9 Dual SIM boasts a metal unibody design, with a slim body. HTC One X9 flaunts a 5.5-inch full HD (1080p) IPS display. It comes with MediaTek’s Helio X10 (MT6795T) octa-core SoC clocked at 2.2GHz. It is paired with 3GB of RAM, 32GB of internal storage and a microSD card slot with support up to 2TB. It sports a 13-megapixel rear snapper with OIS, support for 4K video recording and dual-tone LED flash. Other connectivity options include dual-SIM card support, 4G LTE, Bluetooth, Wi-Fi and GPS.. OS Android wrapped under Sense UI. Processor 2.2GHz MediaTek Helio X10 (MT6795T) octa-core. Camera 13 MP, f/2.0, 27mm, autofocus, OIS, dual-LED (dual tone) flash. Internal Memory 32 GB, 3 GB RAM. Full Specifications of HTC One X9. 2G Network Technology GSM 850 / 900 / 1800 / 1900 MHz. 3G Network Technology HSDPA 850 / 900 / 1900 / 2100 MHz. 4G Network Technology LTE-FDD: Band 1,3,5,7,8,28 TDD: Band 38,39,40,41. Sales Package Handset, Battery, Charger,User Manual. GPS GPS + GLONASS + Beidou. Display Resolution full HD (1920*1080 pixels). Display Technology IPS capacitive touchscreen, 16M colors. Internal Memory 32 GB, 3 GB RAM. SD Card Presence/Capacity microSD, up to 2TB. OS Android wrapped under Sense UI. Processor 2.2GHz MediaTek Helio X10 (MT6795T) octa-core. Camera resolution 13 MP, f/2.0, 27mm, autofocus, OIS, dual-LED (dual tone) flash. Camera Features Geo-tagging, touch focus, face detection, panorama, HDR. Camera Video Features 4K video recording. Secondary Camera 5 MP, f/2.8, 34mm, 1080p@30fps. Size (L by B by T) 153.9*75.9*7.99mm. Battery Life - Talk Time Up to 15 h (3G). HTC One X9 hands-on and first impressions. HTC One X9, Desire 530, Desire 630 and the Desire 825 launched at MWC 2016: Specifications, features. HTC One X9 with 13-megapixel OIS camera launched in China: Specifications and features. HTC One X9 could be unveiled today, official teaser suggests. HTC One X9 leaked press renders give a closer look at the smartphone: Specifications, features. HTC One X9 Reviews in India. HTC One X9 Features & Specs. HTC One X9 Vs HTC Desire 10 Pro Dual SIM. HTC One X9 Vs HTC One A9. HTC One X9 Vs Micromax Superfone Canvas A100. 45,999 Buy Now. 29,990 Buy Now. 45,320 Buy Now. Own this mobile? Write a Review. Review on: HTC One X9. Dinesh Gupta on Mar 05, 2016. Awesome hardware quilty an best mobile phone in HTC I love the HTC mobile. Sambit Satpathy on Jun 06, 2016 07:05 PM. Will the HTC One X9's mid-range specs and smooth metal .... Sambit Satpathy on Feb 22, 2016 01:25 PM. HTC may not have launched its M10 flagship smartphone, but .... Ritesh Bendre on Dec 25, 2015 11:41 AM. Ritesh Bendre on Dec 24, 2015 02:05 PM. Sambit Satpathy on Dec 15, 2015 07:57 PM. After the One A9, HTC has already hinted that it plans to .... Write a Review on HTC One X9. MWC 2018: Sony Xperia Ear Duo launched @sonyxperia @SonyXperiaIndia @sony_india @Sony … buff.ly/2FzZ1kE. #MWC2018 : Sony #MWC2018 , #MWC2018 launched with bezel-less design @sonyxperia … buff.ly/2FtQbVj. @oneplus adding HD video streaming support on #OnePlus5 and #OnePlus5 but there is a catch buff.ly/2FyhA8w https://t.co/mw5rGXJZPE. 
The next video is starting stop. Want to watch this again later?. Sign in to add this video to a playlist.. Sign in to report inappropriate content.. Sign in to make your opinion count.. Sign in to make your opinion count.. The interactive transcript could not be loaded.. Rating is available when the video has been rented.. This feature is not available right now. HTC One X9 Hands On http://www.mobilegeeks.com HTC has launched a new smartphone with the HTC One X9, it comes with a 5.5 inch display a MediaTek octacore processor MTK6795 along side a 13MP camera with 5MP on the front for selfies 3GB of RAM 32GB of on board storage and a 3000mAh battery.. When autoplay is enabled, a suggested video will automatically play next.. HTC One A9 Unboxing and Impressions. HTC One X9 Hands On First Impressions, Launch in India - iGyaan. HTC One X9 vs HTC One A9 - Which is Better?. HTC One X9 Hands on Review, Camera, Features. [ Hindi-हिन्दी ] HTC One X9 detailed Specifications, features and expected price.. HTC One X9 Official Specs and Prices. 5 Fastest Robots In The World. HTC 10, HTC One X9, HTC Desire 630 First Impression | Digit.in. 10 Reasons To Buy HTC One X9 Dual SIM Phone- Crisp Review | Intellect Digest. HTC One X9 review w/ camera, gaming, benchmarks [COMPLETE]. Speedtest Galaxy A7 2016 vs HTC One X9. HTC One X9 hands on - MWC 2016. Sign in to add this to Watch Later. 
Samsung Galaxy S9 arrives today: 5 things to know. The State of 5G: When It's Coming, How Fast It Will Be & The Sci-Fi Future It Will Enable. Samsung unveils its camera-focused Galaxy S9 handsets. A second save slot in Metal Gear Survive costs $10. I have always had a soft spot for HTC. The company produced the first Android handset, which was my entry into the wonderful world of smartphones and a great piece of hardware in its own right. More recently, I was impressed with the HTC 10 , their current flagship and a real return to form that puts them in a great position to go against any other top contender.. On the other hand, I’ve never been impressed with HTC’s mid-range offerings. Phones in the $300 to $400 bracket need compelling hardware or software to stand out, particularly against older flagships that so often occupy these price points. I’ve rarely seen a phone from HTC -- or any other manufacturer for that matter -- that meets this criteria.. The One X9 is a classic example of a mid-range handset. It has marginally better hardware than budget offerings – a 5.5-inch 1080p display, a MediaTek Helio X10 SoC, 32 GB of storage, a 13-megapixel camera with OIS, and a metal build – but it just doesn’t do enough for the price. It's not a terrible phone, but it’s simply too expensive.. HTC has used premium materials throughout the One X9, which I've now come to expect of a mid-range handset, but the result is a tad cluttered and lacks the sleekness seen in other HTC designs.. On the back there are antenna lines and an odd plastic panel for the camera that doesn’t cohere well with the metal rear. This brushed aluminium back wraps around the edges similar to a unibody design, but this is marred by a thin, shiny plastic rim. The two speakers on the front panel aren’t integrated into the design well and stand out in a bad way.. I really dislike obvious misaligned elements, and the HTC One X9 has several of those. On the right hand side, which is where you’ll find the power and volume buttons, the nano-SIM slot cover isn’t aligned with the buttons it sits beside. On the front, the camera, sensor array, and HTC logo are all different heights which leads to a jarring look.. I don’t expect every smartphone to be as well designed as the best high-end devices, but I do want to see at least some attention to detail in a mid-range product. HTC hasn’t shown this here, which leads to a sloppy design.. There are some positive aspects though. The lightly brushed aluminium back panel looks good in isolation, and it’s far better than any plastic design. Unfortunately, HTC has coated the metal so it doesn’t have the same great texture as other metal bodies. Perhaps this is to protect the body to a greater extent.. I like the inclusion of stereo front facing speakers, in spite of how they look. There is no better way to enjoy multimedia content and games on a smartphone than with speakers that point towards your ears. The speaker quality is above average, and the peak volume is good, too, so HTC has managed to pack in a decent audio experience here.. The One X9 includes a 5.5-inch display in a reasonably comfortable design, although one-handed usability is somewhat compromised as you’d expect. At 8mm thin and 170 grams, the phone feels dense in your hands however bezels to the side of the display are a respectable size that keeps the large display within reach.. Below the display is a row of capacitive navigation buttons in the correct order with the correct Android functions. This keeps the display free of on-screen buttons for maximum screen real estate. Along the bottom edge of the phone is a micro-USB port for data transfers and charging, and on top a 3.5mm headphone jack. Perhaps the one thing missing from the One X9 is a fingerprint scanner, which we’re starting to see in mid-range handsets.. There are two slots on the One X9 on opposite sides. The smaller one on the right is for the nano-SIM, and the larger on the left is for the microSD card. Both are slots covered by flaps rather than trays; I prefer trays as they are less fragile, though it’s not a significant issue.. The State of 5G: When It's Coming, How Fast It Will Be & The Sci-Fi Future It Will Enable. Galaxy S9 unveiled: it's all about the new cameras. 44 GPU Fortnite Benchmark: Best for playing Battle Royale. Budget Overclocking Guide: Ryzen 3 2200G. Razer Blade Stealth Review + Razer Core V2 eGPU. Got something to say? Post a comment. A question about installing OS on NVME. Tech Primer: What you need to know about DDR4 memory. The HTC 10: Some great features and less bloatware could help it compete with Apple and Samsung. Add your comment to this article. You need to be a member to leave a comment. Join thousands of tech enthusiasts and participate.. Sign up for free , it takes 30 seconds.. Already have an account? Login now .. Terms of Use Privacy Policy Advertise Powered by. 
Our new search experience requires JavaScript to be enabled. Please enable JavaScript on your browser , then try again .. All Categories Antiques Art Baby Books Business & Industrial Cameras & Photo Cell Phones & Accessories Clothing, Shoes & Accessories Coins & Paper Money Collectibles Computers/Tablets & Networking Consumer Electronics Crafts Dolls & Bears DVDs & Movies eBay Motors Entertainment Memorabilia Gift Cards & Coupons Health & Beauty Home & Garden Jewelry & Watches Music Musical Instruments & Gear Pet Supplies Pottery & Glass Real Estate Specialty Services Sporting Goods Sports Mem, Cards & Fan Shop Stamps Tickets & Experiences Toys & Hobbies Travel Video Games & Consoles Everything Else. Hi ( Sign in to bid or buy) Daily Deals Gift Cards Help & Contact Sell. Summary Recently Viewed Bids/Offers Watch List Purchase History Selling Saved Searches Saved Sellers Messages. htc one x unlocked htc one x case htc one s htc one x plus samsung galaxy s3 htc one xl htc vivid nexus 4 samsung galaxy s2 iphone 5 samsung galaxy s4 iphone 4s. All Listings - Current page. results for htc one x. Save htc one x to get e-mail alerts and updates on your eBay Feed.. Unfollow htc one x to stop getting updates on your eBay Feed.. You'll receive email and Feed alerts when new items arrive. Afghanistan - AFG Albania - ALB Algeria - DZA American Samoa - ASM Andorra - AND Angola - AGO Anguilla - AIA Antigua and Barbuda - ATG Argentina - ARG Armenia - ARM Aruba - ABW Australia - AUS Austria - AUT Azerbaijan Republic - AZE Bahamas - BHS Bahrain - BHR Bangladesh - BGD Barbados - BRB Belarus - BLR Belgium - BEL Belize - BLZ Benin - BEN Bermuda - BMU Bhutan - BTN Bolivia - BOL Bosnia and Herzegovina - BIH Botswana - BWA Brazil - BRA British Virgin Islands - VGB Brunei Darussalam - BRN Bulgaria - BGR Burkina Faso - BFA Burma - MMR Burundi - BDI Cambodia - KHM Cameroon - CMR Canada - CAN Cape Verde Islands - CPV Cayman Islands - CYM Central African Republic - CAF Chad - TCD Chile - CHL China - CHN Colombia - COL Comoros - COM Congo, Democratic Republic of the - COD Congo, Republic of the - COG Cook Islands - COK Costa Rica - CRI Cote d Ivoire (Ivory Coast) - CIV Croatia, Republic of - HRV Cyprus - CYP Czech Republic - CZE Denmark - DNK Djibouti - DJI Dominica - DMA Dominican Republic - DOM Ecuador - ECU Egypt - EGY El Salvador - SLV Equatorial Guinea - GNQ Eritrea - ERI Estonia - EST Ethiopia - ETH Falkland Islands (Islas Malvinas) - FLK Fiji - FJI Finland - FIN France - FRA French Guiana - GUF French Polynesia - PYF Gabon Republic - GAB Gambia - GMB Georgia - GEO Germany - DEU Ghana - GHA Gibraltar - GIB Greece - GRC Greenland - GRL Grenada - GRD Guadeloupe - GLP Guam - GUM Guatemala - GTM Guernsey - GGY Guinea - GIN Guinea-Bissau - GNB Guyana - GUY Haiti - HTI Honduras - HND Hong Kong - HKG Hungary - HUN Iceland - ISL India - IND Indonesia - IDN Ireland - IRL Israel - ISR Italy - ITA Jamaica - JAM Japan - JPN Jersey - JEY Jordan - JOR Kazakhstan - KAZ Kenya - KEN Kiribati - KIR Korea, South - KOR Kuwait - KWT Kyrgyzstan - KGZ Laos - LAO Latvia - LVA Lebanon - LBN Liechtenstein - LIE Lithuania - LTU Luxembourg - LUX Macau - MAC Macedonia - MKD Madagascar - MDG Malawi - MWI Malaysia - MYS Maldives - MDV Mali - MLI Malta - MLT Marshall Islands - MHL Martinique - MTQ Mauritania - MRT Mauritius - MUS Mayotte - MYT Mexico - MEX Micronesia - FSM Moldova - MDA Monaco - MCO Mongolia - MNG Montenegro - MNE Montserrat - MSR Morocco - MAR Mozambique - MOZ Namibia - NAM Nauru - NRU Nepal - NPL Netherlands - NLD Netherlands Antilles - ANT New Caledonia - NCL New Zealand - NZL Nicaragua - NIC Niger - NER Nigeria - NGA Niue - NIU Norway - NOR Oman - OMN Pakistan - PAK Palau - PLW Panama - PAN Papua New Guinea - PNG Paraguay - PRY Peru - PER Philippines - PHL Poland - POL Portugal - PRT Puerto Rico - PRI Qatar - QAT Reunion - REU Romania - ROU Russian Federation - RUS Rwanda - RWA Saint Helena - SHN Saint Kitts-Nevis - KNA Saint Lucia - LCA Saint Pierre and Miquelon - SPM Saint Vincent and the Grenadines - VCT San Marino - SMR Saudi Arabia - SAU Senegal - SEN Serbia - SRB Seychelles - SYC Sierra Leone - SLE Singapore - SGP Slovakia - SVK Slovenia - SVN Solomon Islands - SLB Somalia - SOM South Africa - ZAF Spain - ESP Sri Lanka - LKA Suriname - SUR Swaziland - SWZ Sweden - SWE Switzerland - CHE Taiwan - TWN Tajikistan - TJK Tanzania - TZA Thailand - THA Togo - TGO Tonga - TON Trinidad and Tobago - TTO Tunisia - TUN Turkey - TUR Turkmenistan - TKM Turks and Caicos Islands - TCA Tuvalu - TUV Uganda - UGA Ukraine - UKR United Arab Emirates - ARE United Kingdom - UK United States - USA Uruguay - URU Uzbekistan - UZB Vanuatu - VUT Vatican City State - VAT Venezuela - VEN Vietnam - VNM Virgin Islands (U.S) - VIR Wallis and Futuna - WLF Western Sahara - ESH Western Samoa - WSM Yemen - YEM Zambia - ZMB Zimbabwe - ZWE. HTC One X 3G WIFI 4.7'' Touch Screen 16GB 32GB 64GB 8.0MP Camera Android Phone. HTC One X - 16GB - White (AT&T) 4G W/ BEATS AUDIO Excellent Condition. HTC One X - 16GB - White (Unlocked) Smartphone parts / repair. HTC One X - 16GB - Black (AT&T) Smartphone *Excellent Condition*. HTC One X9 X9u 5.5'' FDD - LTE 4G Dual SIM 32 GB 13MP Multi-Language s Smartphone. HTC One X M8 M9 Used Smartphone 16GB. HTC ONE X+/S728e - 4.7" 3G Wifi 64GB Android SmartPhone Original Unlocked. HTC One X - 32GB - White (Unlocked) Smartphone Broken screen. HTC One X10 32GB 3 GB RAM Black 5.5" Octa-Core 16 MP Android Phone By FedEx. HTC One X10 Dual SIM (Unlocked) 32GB 4G LTE 5.5in 16MP Fast Charge Fingerprint. HTC One X (AT&T) CLEAN ESN. HTC One X 4G 16GB Gray Black AT&T Android Smartphone Good Condition. Pokeball Pokemon Htc One M7 One mini 2 M8 M910 Plus One X Htc Desire Phone Case. HTC One X10 32GB 3GB Black Factory Unlocked GSM Android Smartphone NEW. International Unlocked 4G HTC One X10 3GB 32GB 5.5" ANDROID 16MPCam Finger Black. HTC One X10 32GB 3GB Black Factory Unlocked GSM Android Smartphone NEW. Damaged HTC One X White Smart Phone For Parts or Repair Bad Screen. HTC One X 4G (PJ83100) - White - AT&T - READ BELOW. HTC One X - 32GB - White (Unlocked) Smartphone. HTC One X10 5.5" Smartphone Black Color. HTC One X - 16GB - BLACK (AT&T) CLEAN ESN WORKS PLEASE READ 16425. OEM Original P900 EU Wall Charger + Micro USB Cable for HTC One X V S M7 M8 M9. For HTC One X9 10 M9 M8 Desire 820 626 Mickey & Minnie Print Wallet Phone Case. HTC One X - 16GB - Black (AT&T) Smartphone *Excellent Condition*. HTC One X White White Android Smartphone 16GB S720e with Sim Lock NEW #397#. AT&T HTC ONE X White 4G Android GSM Smart Cell Phone *DEAD*. HTC One X - 16GB - Black (AT&T) Smartphone *Very Good Condition*. HTC One X (AT&T) CLEAN ESN, DEAD!! #15915. HTC One X - 16GB - White (AT&T) Smartphone Clean IMEI / ESN. HTC One X9/E56 Rare 5.5" - 32GB ROM - 3GB RAM - Dual GSM Sim - 3000mAh. HTC One X (AT&T) Clean ESN. WORKS But Back Button Doesn’t PLEASE READ. HTC One X - 16GB - White (Unlocked) Smartphone. 2 new & refurbished from $154.85. HTC One X - 16GB - White Smartphone (Rooted on CyangoenMod). 2 new & refurbished from $154.85. HTC One X (AT&T) Smartphone Gray (16GB) GSM Beats Audio. HTC One X - 16GB - BLACK (AT&T) CLEAN ESN WORKS PLEASE READ 16318 R. For New HTC One X10 Lcd Assembly Touch Screen Replacement Black. Original QC2.0 Fast Wall Charger + Micro USB Cable For HTC One M8 M9 E8 A9 X9. HTC One X - 16GB - Black (AT&T) Smartphone *Excellent Condition*. HTC One X 32GB White Optus C *VGC* + Warranty!!. HTC One X - 16GB - White (AT&T) Smartphone *Great Condition*. HTC ONE X FOR AT&T 99HRC008-00 ?GB SMARTPHONE Parts or Repair Only. HTC One X 16GB Black Unlocked C *VGC* + Warranty!!. HTC One X - 32GB - White (Unlocked) Smartphone. HTC One X plus 64GB Black Unlocked C *VGC* + Warranty!!. HTC One X 32GB White Vodafone A *VGC* + Warranty!!. HTC One X Gray (AT&T) Smartphone - FOR PARTS / AS IS. HTC One X 32GB Black Unlocked B *VGC* + Warranty!!. HTC One X plus 64GB White Unlocked B *VGC* + Warranty!!. HTC ONE X 99HRC008 - POWERS UP! - IMEI 35533005773375 2 - (446). HTC One X plus 64GB Black Unlocked B *VGC* + Warranty!!. HTC One X9 X9u 5.5'' FDD - LTE 4G Dual SIM 32 GB 13MP Multi-Language s Smartphone. HTC One X 32GB Black Optus C *VGC* + Warranty!!. HTC One X 32GB White Unlocked B *VGC* + Warranty!!. NEW HTC One X10 (X10u) 5.5" 32GB Factory Unlocked International Model - Black. Used Untested HTC One X Grey 16 GB AT&T Beats Audio For Parts Or Repair Only. HTC One X9 (Display: 5.5" - 32GB ROM - 3GB RAM - Dual Sim - 3000mAh) Internation. HTC One X, black 64GB (AT&T) Factory Unlocked. Skinomi FULL BODY (MATTE) Skin+Screen Protector Film Cover for HTC One X9. Genuine QC2.0 Fast Charger + Micro USB Cable for HTC One X9 A9 M8 Desire 10 Pro. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. USA SELLER * FREE SHIPPING * SATISFACTION GUARANTEED. Customs services and international tracking provided. eBay determines this price through a machine learned model of the product's sale prices within the last 90 days.. eBay determines trending price through a machine learned model of the product’s sale prices within the last 90 days. "New" refers to a brand-new, unused, unopened, undamaged item, and "Used" refers to an item that has been used previously.. Top Rated Plus Sellers with highest buyer ratings Returns, money back Ships in a business day with tracking Learn More. Top Rated Plus Sellers with highest buyer ratings Returns, money back Ships in a business day with tracking Learn More. $ Enter minimum price to $ Enter maximum price. Please enter a minimum and/or maximum price before continuing.. Site Map Copyright © 1995-2018 eBay Inc. Accessibility , User Agreement , Privacy , Cookies and AdChoice Norton Secured - powered by Verisign. Amounts shown in italicized text are for items listed in currency other than U.S. dollars and are approximate conversions to U.S. dollars based upon Bloomberg's conversion rates. For more recent exchange rates, please use the Universal Currency Converter. Number of bids and bid amounts may be slightly out of date. See each listing for international shipping options and costs.. 
The next video is starting stop. Want to watch this again later?. Sign in to add this video to a playlist.. Sign in to report inappropriate content.. Sign in to make your opinion count.. Sign in to make your opinion count.. The interactive transcript could not be loaded.. Rating is available when the video has been rented.. This feature is not available right now. Full impressions: http://goo.gl/wK9131 Join us as we take a quick look at the HTC One X9! Talk about Android in our forums: http://www.androidauthority.com/commu... Subscribe to our YouTube channel: http://www.youtube.com/subscription_c... ---------------------------------------------------- Stay connected to Android Authority: - http://www.androidauthority.com - http://google.com/+androidauthority - http://facebook.com/androidauthority/ - http://twitter.com/androidauth/ - http://instagram.com/androidauthority/ Follow the Team: Josh Vergara: https://plus.google.com/+JoshuaVergara Joe Hindy: https://plus.google.com/+JosephHindy Lanh Nguyen: https://plus.google.com/+LanhNguyenFilms Jayce Broda: https://plus.google.com/+JayceBroda Gary Sims: https://plus.google.com/+GarySims Ash Tailor: https://plus.google.com/+AshTailor. When autoplay is enabled, a suggested video will automatically play next.. HTC One X9 review w/ camera, gaming, benchmarks [COMPLETE]. HTC One X9 Hands On First Impressions, Launch in India - iGyaan. Top 8 Best BUDGET Phones 2017. [ Hindi-हिन्दी ] HTC One X9 detailed Specifications, features and expected price.. 10 Reasons To Buy HTC One X9 Dual SIM Phone- Crisp Review | Intellect Digest. HTC One X9 Hands on Review, Camera, Features. Top 5 features of HTC One X9 Dual - Class device , Boom Sound , Great Selfies. The Super Smartphone You've Never Heard Of.... Speedtest Galaxy A7 2016 vs HTC One X9. [English sub]HTC ONE X9 Unboxing and Hands on 开箱测评#SamiLuo. HTC One X9 Dual SIM Hands on Review - Nothing Wired. HTC 10, HTC One X9, HTC Desire 630 First Impression | Digit.in. HTC One X9 Dual SIM Review. 7 Riddles That Will Test Your Brain Power. Sign in to add this to Watch Later. 
Home Shop MWC News Reviews Features Opinions Videos The Gadgets 360 Show Cell Guru Prime Tech Smartphone Reviews Tech and Gadget Reviews How-To Videos Video Game Reviews and Features Top Lists by Gadgets 360 Unboxing and Hands-On Videos Podcasts Compare Mobiles Phone Finder DEALS. Mobiles Tablets Apps Gaming Cameras PC/Laptops AUDIO/VIDEO How To Telecom Science INDIA INTERNET SOCIAL MEDIA WEARABLES हिंदी. Home Mobiles Mobiles Reviews. 3 out of 5 stars. Ketan Pratap , 13 September 2016. Share on Facebook Tweet Share Share Email Reddit Comment. HTC One X9 was launched at Rs. It features a metal rear panel. Gadgets 360 rates the phone 6 out of 10. HTC has been able to do well in the premium segment with its One series of Android smartphones, and more recently with the HTC 10 , which also scored well in our. The Taiwanese company has, however, faced stiff challenges in the mid-range segment from the likes of. OnePlus , Xiaomi , and Oppo .. HTC earlier this year focused its energies towards the. mid-range segment with its metal-clad HTC One A9 smartphone, which was quite well received. Now, the company is trying to repeat that success with the more affordable HTC One X9 , which also has a metal body and offers impressive specifications under the hood. Will it be able to match the likes of the Le Max 2 and Xiaomi Mi 5 ? We try to find out in our review.. HTC One X9 design and build When seen from a distance, the front of the HTC One X9 seems more in line with the company's Desire range. The One X9 has an all-metal rear that looks more impressive and makes it very clear that the handset is meant to be a little more premium.. The front is dominated by glass that curves around the edges. We get the three backlit capacitive buttons below the display for Back, Home, and Recent. HTC branding can be seen above the display, with the front camera to one side. HTC confirms that it has used Corning Gorilla Glass for the front. The dual speaker grilles at the top and bottom of the front panel are well designed and add to the phone's looks.. The rear panel has antenna bands running across the top and bottom, while the camera and dual LED flash can be seen in the top left corner. There's also more HTC branding in the middle.. The power and volume buttons are on the right along with a SIM card slot, while the left has another slot where the second Nano-SIM and microSD card can be inserted. There's a 3.5mm audio jack on top, while the Micro-USB port is on the bottom.. The One X9 features a 5.5-inch full-HD (1080x1920 pixels) Super LCD display with a density of 401ppi. We found the display to be bright and crisp. Colour reproduction is decent with good black levels and acceptable sunlight legibility. The dual HTC BoomSound speakers and Dolby Audio Surround enhancement made watching videos and playing games enjoyable.. At 7.99mm, the One X9 is thin for phones with screens this size, and its rounded sides make it easy to hold and use with one hand. It is however slightly heavy at 170 grams and the metal back gets slippery especially if your hands start getting sweaty. This phone will be available in Carbon Grey, which we received for review, and Opal Silver. Overall, the HTC One X9 feels premium for its price and is well designed with no unnecessary additions.. HTC One X9 specifications and software The HTC One X9 is powered by an octa-core MediaTek Helio X10 processor coupled with 3GB of RAM. There is 32GB of inbuilt storage which is expandable by up to 2TB using a microSD card. There is a 13-megapixel rear camera and a 5-megapixel camera at the front. The One X9 supports Bluetooth 4.2, Wi-Fi 802.11 a/b/g/n/ac, GPS, Glonass, Miracast, and 4G LTE Cat. 4 with download speeds of up to 150Mbps and upload speeds of up to 50Mbps. It supports FDD Band 3 and 5 as well as TDD Band 40. There is a 3000mAh battery with quick charging support.. The HTC One X9 runs the company's Sense UI on top of Android 6.0 Marshmallow. This version of Sense UI feels very light compared to previous HTC phones launched even a year ago. There is less bloatware and HTC has focused on Google's suite of apps such as Search, Drive, Photos, Hangouts, and Chrome. Even the Quick Settings toggles sport a more stock Android feel. There is a Themes app for tweaking and downloading new themes, wallpapers, and ringtones from HTC.. The Zoe video editor is present and lets people edit recorded videos. You can choose whether or not to use the BlinkFeed news reader on the home screen. We noticed Marshmallow features such as Now on Tap and app permissions. Overall, the HTC One X9 felt easy to use with the new Sense UI being very user friendly and fluid. It definitely felt less cluttered than the skins that other manufacturers such as Oppo and Huawei ship their phones with.. HTC One X9 performance Powered by the Helio X10 SoC, the One X9 handled multitasking with ease. Games such as Need for Speed: No Limits and Dead Trigger 2 ran well and there was no noticeable lag. The handset tends to get warm after long gaming sessions, but not beyond usual limits.. We however noticed slight delays when launching apps at times, which felt odd. During the course of our review, we also experienced occasional app crashes which was disappointing for a phone at this price. The handset was able to hold on to 4G networks without issues, and calls were clear.. We liked the BoomSound speakers on the One X9 which offered up crisp sound. The bundled earphones were okay, with decent bass delivery.. The HTC One X9 impressed us with its benchmark scores. It achieved 59,661 in AnTuTu and of 24,247 in Quadrant. In GFXBench's T-Rex On Screen test, the HTC One X9 managed a framerate of 26fps which is considerably higher than the HTC One A9 which managed 17fps in the same test. The phone also got a score of 4,462 in 3DMark Ice Storm Unlimited.. The 13-megapixel rear camera on the One X9 has a BSI sensor, optical image stabilisation (OIS), an f/2.0 aperture, and a dual-tone LED flash. One of its biggest highlights is its ability to record videos at 4K at 30fps. The camera app also offers a Pro mode that offers manual controls and lets you take images in RAW format. There's a Selfie timer that allows a 10-second delay. Other features include HDR mode, Panorama mode (up to 270 degrees), continuous shooting, hyperlapse, and slow motion video recording at 120 fps. As with other HTC phones, the volume buttons act as zoom buttons.. (Tap to see full-sized HTC One X9 camera samples). The camera was quick to focus, but there was noticeable shutter lag. Photos taken under well-lit conditions usually came out crisp with neutral colours, though some were slightly blurry. The face detection function worked well. In low light, performance was disappointing, and we could see noise throughout in images. The front 5-megapixel camera took some respectable selfies, but this isn't the best performance we've seen at this price level.. The HTC One X9 ran for 10 hours and 45 minutes in our video loop test, which is decent for a phone with a battery of this size. Performance in ordinary usage however was a bit below par, as the phone was unable to give us an entire day of battery life.. With light usage, the phone gave us around 12 to 14 hours of runtime before the battery dipped below 20 percent and we had switch to a power saving mode. We were especially disappointed with battery performance when using apps like Google Maps. Quick charging support came in handy a lot of times. The One X9 took slightly over two hours to charge fully, which is not bad.. Verdict The HTC One X9 was launched in India back in May at a price of Rs. 25,990, but only went on sale in July and is currently available for around Rs. This phone's metal body and good display performance make for a good package. However, the camera and battery life are disappointing and, overall, it isn't very easy to recommend the X9 with more powerful competition like the Xiaomi Mi 5 and Le Max 2 at around the same price point.. For the latest smartphone launches by Samsung, Nokia, Sony, Asus, and other MWC 2018 announcements, visit our MWC hub .. Design Display Software Performance Battery Life Camera Value for Money. Good Metal body Good display Dual BoomSound speakers Bad Poor low-light camera performance Slightly overpriced Disappointing battery life. Read detailed HTC One X9 review. HTC 10, One X9, Desire 628, and Desire 825 Launched in India. HTC Desire 530, Desire 630, Desire 825 Launched at MWC 2016. HTC One X9 With 5.5-Inch Display, 13-Megapixel Camera Launched. More HTC mobiles HTC mobiles price in India. Further reading: HTC , HTC Mobiles , HTC One X9 Price , HTC One X9 Specifications , Mobiles. Ketan Pratap Email Ketan. Ketan Pratap covers daily news and rumours at Gadgets 360. He attended IIMC (Indian Institute of Mass Communication), majoring in English Journalism. Only 1 in 4 Facebook Users in India Is a Woman: Study. iPhone 6s, Moto X Force, Windows Laptop, TVs, and More Tech Deals. Samsung Galaxy S9 और Galaxy S9+ स्मार्टफोन लॉन्च. Nokia 1 एंड्रॉयड गो स्मार्टफोन हुआ लॉन्च. LG V30S ThinQ के साथ MWC 2018 में एलजी ने दी दस्तक. Samsung Galaxy S9, Galaxy S9+ Launched: What's New?. Why Game of Thrones Creators Writing Star Wars Might Be a Bad, Bad Idea. Design by User Feedback? The Customer Isn't Always Right. PS4 Is a Best-Seller but Here Are 4 Reasons It's Far From Perfect. Canon EOS 1500D, EOS 3000D Entry-Level DSLRs Launched in India BSNL Partners Nokia for Rollout of 4G VoLTE Services Sony Unveils Xperia Ear Duo to Answer Apple AirPods, Samsung Gear IconX Sony Xperia XZ2, Xperia XZ2 Compact With 18:9 Displays Launched at MWC Mi MIX 2S With Snapdragon 845 Confirmed by Xiaomi; Launching on March 27 Huawei Launches Windows Laptop and Android Tablet at MWC 2018 Samsung Galaxy S9, Galaxy S9+ Pre-Orders Now Open in India ZTE Tempo Go Is Its First Smartphone That Runs Android Oreo (Go Edition) Samsung's Foldable Smartphone Isn't a Gimmick, Claims CEO Huawei P20 Flagship Smartphone Launch Set for March 27. Nokia 7 Plus Is an Android One Phone With Dual Rear Cameras, Zeiss Optics Samsung Galaxy S9, Galaxy S9+ Pre-Orders Now Open in India Samsung Galaxy S9, Galaxy S9+ With Improved Cameras, AR Emoji Launched Nokia 8110 4G Is a 'Slider' Feature Phone With Google, Facebook Apps OnePlus 5, OnePlus 5T HD Content Streaming Issue Fixed, With a Catch Nokia 7 Plus vs Nokia 7 Vodafone to Offer 4.5GB Data Per Day for 28 Days at Rs. 799: Report Samsung Galaxy S9 a Worthy Upgrade? A Look at What's New Nokia 8 Sirocco With Dual Cameras, Stainless Steel Frame Launched at MWC Nokia 6 (2018) Android One Phone With Snapdragon 630 Launched at MWC 2018. Sitemaps Archives Advertise About Us Feedback Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions Complaint Redressal Careers Contact Us RSS Ethics Gadgets Hindi. © Copyright Red Pixels Ventures Limited 2018. Fields marked with * are mandatory. 
Select the department you want to search in. Sign in Account & Lists Sign in Account & Lists Orders Try Prime Cart. Your Amazon.com Today's Deals Gift Cards Registry Sell Help Disability Customer Support. Cell Phones & Accessories Carrier Phones Unlocked Phones Prime Exclusive Phones Accessories Cases Wearable Technology Best Sellers Deals Trade-In All Electronics. Sold by NGP STORE USA. Turn on 1-Click ordering for this browser. Please enter a valid US zip code.. Please enter a valid US zip code.. Shipping to a APO/FPO/DPO? Please add the address to your address book. Make sure you include the unit and box numbers (if assigned).. 2-Year Prepaid Phones Accidental Protection Plan. Coverage for drops, spills and product malfunctions. Free shipping on all repairs with $49 deductible. Cancel anytime, full refund in the first 30 days. SquareTrade Protection Plans are only valid for new products purchased at Amazon within the last 30 days. HTC One X9 (Display: 5.5" - 32GB ROM - 3GB RAM - Dual Sim - 3000mAh) International Version/No Warranty (Silver). This item at this price, sold by Amazon.com, is currently reserved exclusively for Prime members. Prime free trial and invitee customers: We will automatically apply an Amazon.com Gift Card to your Gift Card Balance in the amount equal to the Prime exclusive discount after you become a paid Prime member. If you cancel your paid Prime membership or return the qualifying smartphone within the first 3 months of your paid Prime membership, we may void your Gift Card or charge you in the amount of the Gift Card. Terms and Conditions apply.. Ships from and sold by NGP STORE USA .. International model phone, will work with Most GSM SIM cards in U.S. and world Including AT&T, T-Mobile, MetroPCS, Etc. Will NOT work with CDMA Carriers Such as Verizon, Sprint, Boost.. Dual Nano Sim UMTS: 850/900/1900/2100 4G LTE: B1/B7/B3/B5/B28/B39/B40/B38/B41. MediaTek® Helio™ X10, Octa-core, 64-bit / 32gb (23.3gb User) 3GB RAM Support 2TB micro SD Not Included. 5.5 inch, Full HD 1080p (1920 x 1080 pixels) 13 MP Flash Camera + 5Mp Front Camera. OS: Android 6.0 Marshmallow with Sense. This shopping feature will continue to load items. In order to navigate out of this carousel please use your heading shortcut key to navigate to the next or previous heading.. Customers who viewed this item also viewed. Page 1 of 1 Start over Page 1 of 1. HTC One M9 Unlocked GSM 4G LTE 20MP Camera Smartphone (Silver/Gold). HTC Desire 10 Pro D10i 64GB Polar White, 5.5 Inch, Dual Sim, GSM Unlocked International Model, No Warranty. HTC Desire 10 Pro D10i 64GB Stone Black Factory Unlocked GSM International Version no warranty. HTC One M9+ Plus 32GB Gold on Silver, 5.2", GSM Unlocked International Model, No Warranty. HTC One X10 3GB 32GB 5.5" GSM Factory Unlocked - International 4G LTE - Black. HTC One X10 (X10u) 3GB / 32GB 5.5-inches Dual SIM Factory Unlocked - International Stock No Warranty (Silver). Find answers in product info, Q&As, reviews. Please make sure that you are posting in the form of a question.. Don't see what you're looking for?. There was a problem completing your request. Please try your search again later.. 2.99 x 6.06 x 0.31 in. 0.4 x 2.8 x 5.7 in. 0.37 x 2.78 x 5.76 in. 2.83 x 5.94 x 0.38 in. 2.99 x 6.09 x 0.31 in. 0.4 x 2.8 x 5.7 in. HTC One X9 (Display: 5.5" - 32GB ROM - 3GB RAM - Dual Sim - 3000mAh) International Version/No Warranty (Silver). HTC One M9 Unlocked GSM 4G LTE 20MP Camera Smartphone (Silver/Gold). HTC One M8 Factory Unlocked Smartphone with 32 GB Memory, Nano-SIM support and 5.0-Inch Display US Warranty (Gunmetal Grey). HTC One M9+ Plus 32GB Gold on Silver, 5.2", GSM Unlocked International Model, No Warranty. HTC U11 with hands-free Amazon Alexa – Factory Unlocked – Brilliant Black – 64GB. HTC One M9 32GB Unlocked GSM 4G LTE Smartphone w/ 20MP Camera - Amber Gold. DOES NOT WORK with CDMA carriers (Verizon, Sprint, US Cellular etc). Nano Dual SIM; ONLY 3G works with GSM carriers (AT&T, T-Mobile etc.). 4G LTE does not work in USA. 5.5 inches Super LCD5 capacitive touchscreen, 16M colors Octa-core, Mediatek MT6795 Helio X10 32 GB Internal Storage, 3 GB RAM Camera (Main): 13 MP, f/2.0, 28mm, autofocus, OIS, dual-LED (dual tone) flash; Camera (Front): 5 MP.. 6.1 x 3 x 0.3 inches. 15.2 ounces ( View shipping rates and policies ). #923,583 in Cell Phones & Accessories ( See Top 100 in Cell Phones & Accessories ). #12,335 in Cell Phones & Accessories > Unlocked Cell Phones. Product Warranty: For warranty information about this product, please click here. If you are a seller for this product, would you like to suggest updates through seller support ?. Would you like to tell us about a lower price ?. 5 star 27% 4 star 26% 3 star 21% 2 star 5% 1 star 21%. Share your thoughts with other customers. There was a problem filtering reviews right now. 4.0 out of 5 stars Solid good phone for the price. I only wish the keyboard was better.. I've been using this phone for about a year. and it's not not a bad phone for it's price. It's made out of good material quality. It's solid and feels good in your hand. I love the picture and video quality. I make tons of videos with it that layman thinks its top quality video. Sometimes it heats a little bit, but nothing to be concerned about. The only thing that throws me off is the keyboard. It is kinda difficult to type with it, since the cursor may keep jumping for one place to another. I tried downloading other keyboard, but it didn't really fix the issue. Now, I don't chat or type much, and luckily there's voice notes to circumvent this problem. Also if you don't use any cover with it, it may easily slip out of your hand. It never fell with me, so the exterior still looks like new with me. I have no protectors on the glass, since it's Gorilla glass, so I'm guessing it's pretty hard. I hope it lasts for 2 more years. For the price, I'd say it's a pretty good deal. Oh, and the 32 GB memory is super cool, and I love the fact that it's dual sim.. 0 Comment | Was this review helpful to you?. 1.0 out of 5 stars Poor Quality Phone. This screen of this phone went black and will not display any images after 4 months of using and i have ask the seller to help with repair without success I even called Htc usa, but was informed it was made for Taiwan and they do not have the parts, so the product is useless and of poor quality, I will not recommend that you buy it. Was this review helpful to you?. 2.0 out of 5 stars Phone not charging. Ordered and received product in January, did not start using until May and all was well for a time. I really loved using it until the phone went dead 24 hours ago. I have tried charging it with the original charger and with several chargers but it wont take any charge at all. Was this review helpful to you?. 3.0 out of 5 stars The camera could be better given the camera quality in similar phones of other .... I had an HTC 820G so for me, this is an upgrade. The size is slightly smaller than what I was expecting or what I wanted but you can ignore it. The camera could be better given the camera quality in similar phones of other brands. Other than that, it's a fairly good phone.. 0 Comment | Was this review helpful to you?. 4.0 out of 5 stars HD resolution Amazing sound quality Good camera Quality Little over 20GB of .... HD resolution Amazing sound quality Good camera Quality Little over 20GB of user storage Only downside is it is NOT Verizon (USA) compatible. got AT&T on a better plan though. 0 Comment | Was this review helpful to you?. 5.0 out of 5 stars Five Stars. 0 Comment | Was this review helpful to you?. 5.0 out of 5 stars Five Stars. After 5 months, very fast delivery and new phone.. 0 Comment | Was this review helpful to you?. 1.0 out of 5 stars Returned to seller. This phone was returned, as the screen was unreadable. 0 Comment | Was this review helpful to you?. 3.0 out of 5 stars Three Stars. Phone working very well , looking cool!. 5.0 out of 5 stars looking cool!. I love all the products purchased through Amazon. 5.0 out of 5 stars Five Stars. I purchased this model phone (HTC One X9 carbon gray) in late January from a bricks and mortar retailer. 1.0 out of 5 stars Great looks but unreliable and very disappointing after-sales service.. I travelled and bought this phone as a replacement for a misplaced phone and initial use was excellent. 3.0 out of 5 stars A decent phone but. See and discover other items: htc android phone , htc android , htc desire phones , htc phones , marshmallow phone , android cell phone 1920x1080. There's a problem loading this menu right now.. Get fast, free shipping with Amazon Prime. Prime members enjoy FREE Two-Day Shipping and exclusive access to music, movies, TV shows, original audio series, and Kindle books.. Careers About Amazon Investor Relations Amazon Devices. Sell on Amazon Sell Your Services on Amazon Sell on Amazon Business Sell Your Apps on Amazon Become an Affiliate Advertise Your Products Self-Publish with Us › See all. Amazon Rewards Visa Signature Cards Amazon.com Store Card Amazon.com Corporate Credit Line Shop with Points Credit Card Marketplace Reload Your Balance Amazon Currency Converter. Your Account Your Orders Shipping Rates & Policies Amazon Prime Returns & Replacements Manage Your Content and Devices Amazon Assistant Help. Amazon Music Stream millions of songs. Amazon Drive Cloud storage from Amazon. 6pm Score deals on fashion brands. AbeBooks Books, art & collectibles. ACX Audiobook Publishing Made Easy. Alexa Actionable Analytics for the Web. Amazon Business Everything For Your Business. AmazonFresh Groceries & More Right To Your Door. AmazonGlobal Ship Orders Internationally. Home Services Handpicked Pros Happiness Guarantee. Amazon Inspire Digital Educational Resources. Amazon Rapids Fun stories for kids on the go. Amazon Restaurants Food delivery from local restaurants. Amazon Video Direct Video Distribution Made Easy. Amazon Web Services Scalable Cloud Computing Services. Audible Download Audio Books. AudiobookStand Discount Audiobooks on Disc. Book Depository Books With Free Delivery Worldwide. Box Office Mojo Find Movie Box Office Data. ComiXology Thousands of Digital Comics. CreateSpace Indie Print Publishing Made Easy. DPReview Digital Photography. East Dane Designer Men's Fashion. Fabric Sewing, Quilting & Knitting. Goodreads Book reviews & recommendations. IMDb Movies, TV & Celebrities. IMDbPro Get Info Entertainment Professionals Need. Junglee.com Shop Online in India. Kindle Direct Publishing Indie Digital Publishing Made Easy. Prime Now FREE 2-Hour Delivery on Everyday Items. Prime Photos Unlimited Photo Storage Free With Prime. Shopbop Designer Fashion Brands. TenMarks.com Math Activities for Kids & Schools. Warehouse Deals Open-Box Discounts. Whole Foods Market America’s Healthiest Grocery Store. Withoutabox Submit to Film Festivals. Woot! Deals and Shenanigans. Zappos Shoes & Clothing. Souq.com Shop Online in the Middle East. Subscribe with Amazon Discover & try subscription services. Conditions of Use Privacy Notice Interest-Based Ads © 1996-2018, Amazon.com, Inc. 
Looks like you really like Pricena! To continue browsing we need to make sure you are human :) Just check the box below and you're good to go.. If this doesn't work, please get in touch with us on info[at]pricena.com.. 
Largest Gadget Discovery Site in India. OnePlus 5T Xiaomi Redmi 5A Apple iPhone X Honor 7X Oppo F5. HTC One X9 Price in India. Updated on: Feb 26, 2018. Market status: Available in India. HTC is a global brand that has been making phones for more than 10 years, and is credited for developing the world’s first Android phone and also the first windows powered phone. It is known for its good looking designs.. HTC has over 200 service locations spread over India covering most major cities.. Overview Prices User Reviews Specs competitors Q&A. HTC One X9 details Non-expandable storage Read more. Powerful configuration Quality cameras Ample storage options Premium design. The HTC One X9 fits all the benchmarks of a premium smartphone for a mid-range price tag. The powerful configuration, amazing cameras, large internal memory and great battery backup makes it a device you simply cannot ignore.. The HTC One X9 sports a 5.5-inch S-LCD. display with full HD (1080 x 1920 pixels) resolution that results into a pixel density of 401ppi. The phone is powered by a 64-bit 2.2GHz octa-core MediaTek Helio X10 processor under the hood, aided by 3-gigs of RAM. The HTC One X9 looks premium in a brushed aluminium unibody design.. For photography, the HTC One X9 features a 13MP rear camera with optical image stabilisation, 4K recording support and a dual-tone LED flash.It also packs a 5 UltraPixel front shooter for quality self-portraits. The internal storage of the device is 32GB, which can be further expanded up to 2TB by inserting a microSD card.. In terms of connectivity, the handset offers 4G LTE support, dual-SIM slots, dual-band Wi-Fi, Bluetooth 4.2 and A-GPS. It runs an unspecified version of Android (probably Marshmallow) with HTC's Sense UI on top. The device is fuelled by a 3,000mAh li-ion battery that supports fast charging.. HTC One X9 PRICE IN INDIA. HTC One X9 price in India starts from Rs. The lowest price of HTC One X9 is Rs. The latest price of this phone is updated on Feb 26, 2018.. Extra 5% off with Axis Bank Buzz Credit Card Apply for Credit Card @ BankBazaar». First time mobile buyers, Get Extra 10% off on your next purchase on select fashion products. Extra 5% off with Axis Bank Buzz Credit Card. Extra 5% off with Axis Bank Buzz Credit Card Apply for Credit Card @ BankBazaar» .. First time mobile buyers, Get Extra 10% off on your next purchase on select fashion products.. Sorry, we could not find any store with selected criteria.. Disclaimer: The price & specs shown may be different from actual. Please confirm on the retailer site before purchasing. Apply for a credit card on bankbazaar.com, and get free Amazon vouchers worth Rs. Performance ▾. Group: 13 - 19 K Phones Based on specs, benchmarks & expert ratings. See Best Performance Phones in 13 - 19 K. 13 - 19 K Phones All Phones. Display ▾. Group: 13 - 19 K Phones Based on specs, benchmarks & expert ratings. See Phones with Best Display in 13 - 19 K. 13 - 19 K Phones All Phones. Camera ▾. Rear Camera compared to. Group: 13 - 19 K Phones Based on specs, benchmarks & expert ratings. See Best Rear Camera Phones in 13 - 19 K. 13 - 19 K Phones All Phones. Battery ▾. Group: 13 - 19 K Phones Based on specs, benchmarks & expert ratings. See Phones with Best Battery Life in 13 - 19 K. 13 - 19 K Phones All Phones. Supports Indian bands 32 GB + 2 TB Expandable Dual SIM: Nano + Nano No Fingerprint sensor Gorilla Glass. What makes HTC One X9 unique?. The best 1 HTC phone priced around Rs. Top 10 mobile phones in India. Top 10 Camera Mobiles Below 20000. Review talking about - Read all Great camera Reviews. BASED ON 156 RATING(S). 13 Jul 2016 By 91mobiles Customer On 91mobiles.com. Excellent htc is a good company.htc provide very good quality of phone and full hd display. 13 Jul 2016 By 91mobiles Customer On 91mobiles.com. Superb phone......futuristic......excellent performance.......cheap price.......affordable.....very good design. HTC One X9 Dual SIM with 5.5-inch 1080p display and Helio X10 SoC launched in India for Rs 25,990. May 26 2016 By Akshay Kumar. The One X9 DS offers an octa-core SoC, 3GB of RAM and 13MP / 5MP cameras. 13 - 19 K Phones all phones. 4G: Available (supports Indian bands) 3G: Available, 2G: Available Fingerprint Sensor. Group: 13 - 19 K Phones Based on specs, benchmarks & expert ratings See Slimmest Phones in 13 - 19 K. 13 - 19 K Phones All Phones. Group: 13 - 19 K Phones Based on specs, benchmarks & expert ratings See Lightest Phones in 13 - 19 K. 13 - 19 K Phones All Phones. 5.5 inches (13.97 cm) Screen Resolution. Full HD (1080 x 1920 pixels) Pixel Density. Capacitive Touchscreen, Multi-touch Screen to Body Ratio. Group: 13 - 19 K Phones Based on specs, benchmarks & expert ratings See Phones with Best Display in 13 - 19 K. 13 - 19 K Phones All Phones. Pixel Density compared to. Group: 13 - 19 K Phones Based on specs, benchmarks & expert ratings See Phones with Sharpest Screen in 13 - 19 K. 13 - 19 K Phones All Phones. Octa core, 2.2 GHz, Cortex A53. Group: 13 - 19 K Phones Based on specs, benchmarks & expert ratings See Best Performance Phones in 13 - 19 K. 13 - 19 K Phones All Phones. Group: 13 - 19 K Phones Based on specs, benchmarks & expert ratings See Phones with Best Processor in 13 - 19 K. 13 - 19 K Phones All Phones. Octa core, 2.2 GHz, Cortex A53, Chipset: MediaTek MT6795. Quad core, 1.5 GHz, Cortex A53 + Quad core, 1 GHz Cortex A53, Chipset: Qualcomm MSM8939 Snapdragon 615. Quad core, 2.3 GHz, Cortex A72 + Quad core, 1.8 GHz Cortex A53, Chipset: HiSilicon KIRIN950. Group: 13 - 19 K Phones Based on specs, benchmarks & expert ratings See Phones with Highest RAM in 13 - 19 K. 13 - 19 K Phones All Phones. Up to 2 TB User Available Storage. Group: 13 - 19 K Phones Based on specs, benchmarks & expert ratings See Phones with Best Storage in 13 - 19 K. 13 - 19 K Phones All Phones. Internal Memory compared to. Group: 13 - 19 K Phones Based on specs, benchmarks & expert ratings See Phones with Highest Internal Memory in 13 - 19 K. 13 - 19 K Phones All Phones. Exposure compensation, ISO control Shooting Modes. Continuos Shooting, High Dynamic Range mode (HDR) Camera Features. Digital Zoom, Auto Flash, Digital image stabilization, Face detection, Touch to focus Video Recording. 3840x2160 @ 30 fps, 1920x1080 @ 30 fps, 1280x720 @ 120 fps. Rear Camera compared to. Group: 13 - 19 K Phones Based on specs, benchmarks & expert ratings See Best Rear Camera Phones in 13 - 19 K. 13 - 19 K Phones All Phones. Main Camera compared to. Group: 13 - 19 K Phones Based on specs, benchmarks & expert ratings See Phones with Best Main Camera in 13 - 19 K. 13 - 19 K Phones All Phones. Front Camera compared to. Group: 13 - 19 K Phones Based on specs, benchmarks & expert ratings See Phones with Highest Front Camera Resolution in 13 - 19 K. 13 - 19 K Phones All Phones. Up to 15.3 Hours(3G) Standby time. Up to 744 Hours(3G) Quick Charging. Group: 13 - 19 K Phones Based on specs, benchmarks & expert ratings See Phones with Best Battery Life in 13 - 19 K. 13 - 19 K Phones All Phones. SIM1: Nano, SIM2: Nano Network Support. 4G (supports Indian bands), 3G, 2G SIM 1 SIM 2 Wi-Fi. Wi-Fi 802.11, a/ac/b/g/n/n 5GHz Wi-Fi Features. TD-LTE 2600(band 38) / 2300(band 40) / 2500(band 41) / 1900(band 39) FD-LTE 2100(band 1) / 1800(band 3) / 2600(band 7) / 900(band 8) / 700(band 28) / 850(band 5). UMTS 1900 / 2100 / 850 / 900 MHz. GSM 1800 / 1900 / 850 / 900 MHz. 50 Mbit/s ↑ 150 Mbit/s ↓ (LTE category 4). TD-LTE 2600(band 38) / 2300(band 40) / 2500(band 41) / 1900(band 39) FD-LTE 2100(band 1) / 1800(band 3) / 2600(band 7) / 900(band 8) / 700(band 28) / 850(band 5). UMTS 1900 / 2100 / 850 / 900 MHz. GSM 1800 / 1900 / 850 / 900 MHz. 50 Mbit/s ↑ 150 Mbit/s ↓ (LTE category 4). Light sensor, Proximity sensor, Accelerometer, Compass, Gyroscope. Disclaimer: The price & specs shown may be different from actual. Please confirm on the retailer site before purchasing. Show only Android HTC Phablet Dual SIM Camera 5 MP & above. I don't want to see this. More RAM: 4 GB vs 3 GB. Higher primary camera resolution: 20 MP vs 13 MP. More internal memory: 64 GB vs 32 GB. OS: Android Screen size: 5.5 inches Battery capacity: 3000 mAH SIM card slots: 2 Pixel density: 401 ppi 2753 people viewed together 9418 people compared together. Higher secondary camera resolution: 13 MP vs 5 MP. Lesser thickness: 7.8 mm vs 7.9 mm. Lesser weight: 165 grams vs 170 grams. Quad core 1.8 GHz vs Octa core 2.2 GHz. I don't want to see this. Higher primary camera resolution: 16 MP vs 13 MP. Higher pixel density: 428 ppi vs 401 ppi. Lesser thickness: 7.2 mm vs 7.9 mm. OS: Android RAM: 3 GB Battery capacity: 3000 mAH SIM card slots: 2 Internal Memory: 32 GB 472 people viewed together 2124 people compared together. Lesser weight: 129 grams vs 170 grams. Smaller screen : 5.15 inches vs 5.5 inches. Dual core 1.8 GHz vs Octa core 2.2 GHz. Lower secondary camera resolution: 4 MP vs 5 MP. I don't want to see this. Higher battery capacity: 3300 mAH vs 3000 mAH. Higher secondary camera resolution: 8 MP vs 5 MP. Lesser weight: 167 grams vs 170 grams. OS: Android Screen size: 5.5 inches RAM: 3 GB Primary camera: 13 MP SIM card slots: 2 Pixel density: 401 ppi 457 people viewed together 4961 people compared together. Octa core 1.6 GHz vs Octa core 2.2 GHz. Lesser internal memory: 16 GB vs 32 GB. More thickness: 8 mm vs 7.9 mm. I don't want to see this. More RAM: 4 GB vs 3 GB. Higher battery capacity: 4100 mAH vs 3000 mAH. More internal memory: 64 GB vs 32 GB. OS: Android Screen size: 5.5 inches Primary camera: 13 MP SIM card slots: 2 Pixel density: 401 ppi 2831 people compared together. Lesser weight: 165 grams vs 170 grams. Octa core 2.0 GHz vs Octa core 2.2 GHz. More thickness: 8.4 mm vs 7.9 mm. I don't want to see this. Lenovo Z2 Plus 64GB (Zuk Z2). More RAM: 4 GB vs 3 GB. Higher battery capacity: 3500 mAH vs 3000 mAH. Higher pixel density: 441 ppi vs 401 ppi. OS: Android Primary camera: 13 MP SIM card slots: 2 3817 people compared together. More internal memory: 64 GB vs 32 GB. Higher secondary camera resolution: 8 MP vs 5 MP. Lesser weight: 149 grams vs 170 grams. Smaller screen : 5 inches vs 5.5 inches. Dual core 2.15 GHz vs Octa core 2.2 GHz. More thickness: 8.4 mm vs 7.9 mm. Lenovo Z2 Plus 64GB (Zuk Z2). I don't want to see this. Higher battery capacity: 3300 mAH vs 3000 mAH. Higher secondary camera resolution: 8 MP vs 5 MP. Lesser weight: 167 grams vs 170 grams. OS: Android Screen size: 5.5 inches RAM: 3 GB Primary camera: 13 MP SIM card slots: 2 Pixel density: 401 ppi Internal Memory: 32 GB 3107 people compared together. Octa core 1.6 GHz vs Octa core 2.2 GHz. More thickness: 8 mm vs 7.9 mm. View all FAQs about HTC One X9. Please write your question as a complete sentence while asking a new question. Write Your Question as a complete sentence, then press Ask a Question. When HTC One X9 is going to receive the Android N update?. Answered by vibhorbansal77 | 1 months ago. Does HTC One X9 support OTG?. Answered by Ishika Pawan | 1 months ago. No,the device does not support otg HTC One X9. Which is a better phone between Redmi Note 4 and HTC One X9?. Answered by www.abhinavrox1234 | 2 months ago. Do you think if you want camera take HTC One X9 a better processor redmi display one X9 battery redmi note 4 a promising choice is htc but a great phone is redmi. what difference between galaxy j7 prime 2017vs HTC one x9?. Answered by tejaravi8362 | 8 months ago. Camera fetures all ways good for htc brand & its nice indian people likes htc. 1 more answer(s) | Spam?. Which one is better HTC one x9,Lenovo Zuk z2 plus or Samsung Galaxy on NXT?. Answered by Amit Jhadav | 1 years ago. Zuk Z2 Plus is best option. This phone has powerful performance and good battery. I am satisfied with this phone , cameras could be better but I don't click much photos so its not an issue for me. I don't like Samsung On NXT because specifications are not good according to its price.. HTC One X9 seems good option but i haven't used this phone but from reviews it is also good option to consider.. People who viewed HTC One X9 also viewed. HTC Desire 828 Dual SIM 3GB RAM. Subscribe for top stories, new launches & expert reviews!. Home | Privacy | Sitemap | About Us | Contact Us | Visitor Agreement | Terms & Conditions |. News & Reviews | हिंदी न्यूज़. 
