GSM 850 / 900 / 1800 / 1900 - SIM 1 & SIM 2. HSDPA 850 / 900 / 1900 / 2100. LTE band 1(2100), 3(1800), 5(850), 7(2600), 8(900), 38(2600), 39(1900), 40(2300), 41(2500). HSPA 42.2/5.76 Mbps, LTE Cat4 150/50 Mbps. 157.7 x 79.7 x 7.6 mm (6.21 x 3.14 x 0.30 in). 5.5 inches, 83.4 cm 2 (~66.3% screen-to-body ratio). 720 x 1280 pixels, 16:9 ratio (~267 ppi density). microSD, up to 256 GB (dedicated slot). 13 MP (f/2.2, 28mm), autofocus, LED flash. Geo-tagging, touch focus, face detection, panorama, HDR. 4 MP (f/2.0, 27mm, 1/3", 2 µm), 1080p@30fps, HDR. - Active noise cancellation with dedicated mic. SMS (threaded view), MMS, Email, Push Email. Meteor Gray, White Luxury, Roast Chestnut. We can not guarantee that the information on this page is 100% correct. HTC One E9s dual sim - user opinions and reviews. The screen of this model is the worst. It's my second display that cracks when dropped. So be very carrefoul not to drop it!. (My opinion after one year and a half usage). Awesome camera for the price (good contrast, realist colors, nice setting options). Low price (I bought it in China from the developer, in spring 2016) .... I am writing this review after a year from the purchase date of my phone. One the 5th month I suppose , I got my display cracked. The service centre people are sitting there to take the charm. I put a duplicate display which is far better than the .... Samsung Apple Nokia Sony LG HTC Motorola Huawei Microsoft Lenovo Xiaomi Google Acer Asus Oppo OnePlus Meizu BlackBerry Alcatel ZTE Toshiba Vodafone Energizer XOLO Lava Micromax BLU Gionee vivo LeEco Panasonic HP YU verykool Maxwest Plum. HTC One E9 HTC One E9+ Sony Xperia Z HTC One (M8) dual sim HTC One M9 Samsung Galaxy E7. HTC U11 Eyes HTC One (M8) HTC 10 HTC U11+ HTC Desire 10 Pro HTC U11. 
Home Shop MWC News Reviews Features Opinions Videos The Gadgets 360 Show Cell Guru Prime Tech Smartphone Reviews Tech and Gadget Reviews How-To Videos Video Game Reviews and Features Top Lists by Gadgets 360 Unboxing and Hands-On Videos Podcasts Compare Mobiles Phone Finder DEALS. Mobiles Tablets Apps Gaming Cameras PC/Laptops AUDIO/VIDEO How To Telecom Science INDIA INTERNET SOCIAL MEDIA WEARABLES हिंदी. Acer Adcom Alcatel Apple Archos Asus BlackBerry Blu Celkon Coolpad Datawind Fly Gionee HTC Huawei iBall iBerry Idea InFocus Intex iVoomi Jivi Karbonn Lava LeEco Lenovo LG Lyf Maxx Mobile Meizu Micromax Microsoft Motorola MTS Nokia Obi Oppo Panasonic Philips Ringing Bells Samsung Sony Spice Swipe Videocon Vivo Wickedleak Xiaomi Xolo Yu Zen Ziox Zopo ZTE. Home Mobiles Phone Finder HTC One E9s Dual SIM. HTC One E9s Dual SIM. SPECIFICATIONS USER REVIEWS NEWS. Share on Facebook Tweet Share Share Email Reddit. HTC One E9s Dual SIM smartphone was launched in October 2015. The phone comes with a 5.50-inch touchscreen display with a resolution of 720 pixels by 1280 pixels at a PPI of 267 pixels per inch. HTC One E9s Dual SIM price in India starts from Rs. The HTC One E9s Dual SIM is powered by 1.5GHz octa-core MediaTek MT6752M processor and it comes with 2GB of RAM. The phone packs 16GB of internal storage that can be expanded up to 128GB via a microSD card. As far as the cameras are concerned, the HTC One E9s Dual SIM packs a 13-megapixel primary camera on the rear and a 4-megapixel front shooter for selfies. The HTC One E9s Dual SIM runs Android 5.0 and is powered by a 2600mAh non removable battery. It measures 157.70 x 79.70 x 7.60 (height x width x thickness) and weigh 165.00 grams. The HTC One E9s Dual SIM is a dual SIM (GSM and GSM) smartphone that accepts Nano-SIM and Nano-SIM. Connectivity options include Wi-Fi, GPS, Bluetooth, FM, 3G and 4G (with support for Band 40 used by some LTE networks in India). Sensors on the phone include Proximity sensor, Accelerometer, Ambient light sensor and Gyroscope.. REVIEW KEY SPECS NEWS Price in india. Design Display Software Performance Battery Life Camera Value for Money. Good Decent build and ergonomics Good cameras Reliable performance Bad High price Low-resolution screen Lacks any standout feature. Read detailed HTC One E9s Dual SIM review. HTC One E9s Dual SIM Review. HTC One E9s Dual SIM Reportedly Launched at Rs. HTC One E9s Dual SIM With 5.5-Inch Display Available Online at Rs. More HTC mobiles HTC mobiles price in India. HTC One E9s Dual SIM Price in India One E9s Dual SIM (Meteor Grey, 16GB) Rs. 9,980 One E9s Dual SIM (White Luxury, 16GB) Rs. 10,900 One E9s Dual SIM (Grey, 16GB) Rs. 11,299 One E9s Dual SIM (Roast Chestnut, 16GB) Rs. HTC One E9s Dual SIM detailed specifications. Release date October 2015 Form factor Touchscreen Dimensions (mm) 157.70 x 79.70 x 7.60 Weight (g) 165.00 Battery capacity (mAh) 2600 Removable battery No Colours White Luxury, Meteor Grey, Roast Chestnut SAR value 0.44. Screen size (inches) 5.50 Touchscreen Yes Resolution 720x1280 pixels Pixels per inch (PPI) 267. Processor 1.5GHz octa-core Processor make MediaTek MT6752M RAM 2GB Internal storage 16GB Expandable storage Yes Expandable storage type microSD Expandable storage up to (GB) 128. Rear camera 13-megapixel Rear Flash LED Front camera 4-Ultrapixel Front Flash No. Operating System Android 5.0 Skin Sense 7. Wi-Fi Yes Wi-Fi standards supported 802.11 b/g/n GPS Yes Bluetooth Yes, v 4.10 NFC No Infrared No USB OTG No Headphones 3.5mm FM Yes Number of SIMs 2 SIM 1 SIM Type Nano-SIM GSM/CDMA GSM 3G Yes 4G/ LTE Yes Supports 4G in India (Band 40) Yes SIM 2 SIM Type Nano-SIM GSM/CDMA GSM 3G Yes 4G/ LTE Yes Supports 4G in India (Band 40) Yes. Compass/ Magnetometer No Proximity sensor Yes Accelerometer Yes Ambient light sensor Yes Gyroscope Yes Barometer No Temperature sensor No. Error or missing information? Please let us know. User ratings and reviews for HTC One E9s Dual SIM. 3 Out of 5. 5 Star 1 4 Star 3 Star 1 2 Star 1 Star 1. Displaying review(s) 1- 2 of 2 Sort by: Most Helpful Most Recent. By Kasturi Thakur | 6 Nov 2015. price and camera are just so awesome. i am loving this phone.would recommend to go for this instead of samsung/moto. Was this review helpful? Yes No. 2 out of 3 people found this review helpful. By Prachi mithilesh naik Naik | 26 Jun 2017. I wish I could rate it in minus. Inspite of the cost factor I still went for this phone but later realized it was a worst mistake I ever did. The screen went off just with a slide collision with my sofa set. The cost of new screen was like 6000+.. battery heats up like a microwave.. sometimes just goes off on its own ð¨ it's better to stay without a Android phone rather then using this phone... Was this review helpful? Yes No. 1 out of 1 people found this review helpful. HTC One E9s Dual SIM Review. HTC One E9s Dual SIM Reportedly Launched at Rs. HTC One E9s Dual SIM With 5.5-Inch Display Available Online at Rs. HTC U11 EYEs HTC U11 Life HTC U11+ HTC U11 HTC One X10 HTC U Play HTC U Ultra HTC Desire 650 HTC 10 evo HTC Bolt HTC Desire 10 Pro HTC Desire 10 Lifestyle HTC One A9s HTC One M9+ Prime Camera Edition HTC Desire 628 Dual SIM HTC One M9 Prime Camera Edition HTC Desire 830 HTC One S9 HTC 10 HTC 10 Lifestyle HTC Desire 825 HTC Desire 630 HTC Desire 530 HTC Desire 626 Dual SIM HTC One E9 HTC One X9 HTC One M9s HTC Desire 828 Dual SIM HTC Desire 728G Dual SIM HTC One M9e. HTC One E9s Dual SIM Comparison. Htc One E9s Dual Sim vs. Htc Desire 816 Htc U Play vs. Htc One E9s Dual Sim Motorola Moto Z Play vs. Htc One E9s Dual Sim Htc Desire 828 Dual Sim vs. Htc One E9s Dual Sim vs. Oneplus 2 Htc One E9s Dual Sim vs. Samsung Galaxy A7 Microsoft Lumia 950 Xl vs. Htc One E9s Dual Sim vs. LG V10 Htc One E9s Dual Sim vs. Sony Xperia Z3 Htc One E9 vs. Htc One E9s Dual Sim vs. Htc One E9 Dual Sim vs. Htc One E9 Htc One E9s Dual Sim vs. Samsung Galaxy Note 5 Htc One E9s Dual Sim vs. Nokia 7 Plus Is an Android One Phone With Dual Rear Cameras, Zeiss Optics Samsung Galaxy S9, Galaxy S9+ Pre-Orders Now Open in India Samsung Galaxy S9, Galaxy S9+ With Improved Cameras, AR Emoji Launched Nokia 8110 4G Is a 'Slider' Feature Phone With Google, Facebook Apps OnePlus 5, OnePlus 5T HD Content Streaming Issue Fixed, With a Catch Nokia 7 Plus vs Nokia 7 Vodafone to Offer 4.5GB Data Per Day for 28 Days at Rs. 799: Report Samsung Galaxy S9 a Worthy Upgrade? A Look at What's New Nokia 8 Sirocco With Dual Cameras, Stainless Steel Frame Launched at MWC Nokia 6 (2018) Android One Phone With Snapdragon 630 Launched at MWC 2018. Samsung phones price list Lyf phones price list Micromax phones price list Sony phones price list Htc phones price list Lenovo phones price list Intex phones price list Lava phones price list Apple phones price list Nokia phones price list Xolo phones price list Lg phones price list Vivo phones price list Oppo phones price list Gionee phones price list Motorola phones price list Blackberry phones price list Xiaomi phones price list. Sitemaps Archives Advertise About Us Feedback Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions Complaint Redressal Careers Contact Us RSS Ethics HTC One E9s Dual SIM in Hindi. © Copyright Red Pixels Ventures Limited 2018. Subject Comments. 
Email me special HTC and select partner offers, product information and newsletters.. To review our privacy policy, please Click Here .. We have received your information and will send you HTC updates soon.. WHAT CAN WE HELP YOU WITH?. HTC One E9s dual sim. DESIGN PERSONALISATION CAMERA AUDIO/SOUND DUAL SIM BUY. Display your life’s beauty with a stunning 5.5” screen, and capture all your can’t-miss moments with a 13MP main camera and HTC UltraPixel™ front facing camera. Dual colour design, soft grip finish and immersive audio you have to hear to believe. Meet the HTC One E9s dual sim: Beauty on Display.. Wrap your hands around the grip-friendly HTC One E9s dual sim, and you’ll instantly notice its soft-touch finish and dual colour look. Its thin 7 mm body easily fits your pocket or handbag, and its huge 5.5” screen displays eye-popping colours and graphic details.. The HTC One E9s dual sim features HTC Sense™ Home with a location-detecting homescreen widget that gives you the apps you want, when you want them. You’ll get your calendar the minute you get to work, traffic updates for your drive home and dinner recipes as you pull into your driveway.. HTC BlinkFeed™ gives you a personalised feed of online data, including mealtime recommendations and events and updates for your area, wherever you are.. Customise the look and feel of your phone with HTC Themes, and change everything from your wallpaper, ring tone and more, based on your favourite photo.. With the HTC UltraPixel™ front-facing camera that captures over 300% more light than standard pixels, you’ll capture great selfies, day or night. A 13MP main camera with autofocus ensures that you’ll get every shot, and built-in HTC Eye™ Experience software lets you add Live Makeup, create Split Capture images and much, much more.. Group your photos and videos with easy organisation and search controls with the One Gallery. You can search locally stored footage, as well as photos and videos on select social media and online sites.* Plus, you can combine your photos and videos with your friend’s for footage from multiple points of view with the Zoe™ app.. Please see your local operator for complete details.. The HTC One E9s dual sim recreates a surround sound effect to deliver a cinematic experience. HTC BoomSound™ with Dolby Audio™ Surround provides optimised sound, even from multi-channel online sources like YouTube.*. Available both on HTC BoomSound audio and headphone modes, your films and games have never sounded better.. *Manufactured under licence from Dolby Laboratories. Dolby and Dolby Audio are trademarks or registered trademarks of Dolby Laboratories. The HTC One E9s dual sim comes with a pinless dual SIM card slot to double your performance. Access two different numbers and keep a separate business line with a different contact list. Pick a colour and see innovation in 3D. With its sleek, dual-tone design and a massive 5.5” display screen, the HTC One E9s dual sim gives you productivity and performance in style.. Its Octa-Core processor gives you blistering performance speeds and its HTC UltraPixel™ front facing camera provides great shots, even in low light conditions.. TDD: Bands 38, 39, 40, 41. 157.7 x 79.7 x 7.64 mm. MT6752M, Octa-Core (8 x 1.5 GHz). MT6752M, Octa-Core (8 x 1.5 GHz). microSDXC™ card slot, up to 2TB. microSDXC™ card slot, up to 2TB. Main camera : 13MP, auto-focus, BSI sensor, 1080p video recording. Front camera : HTC UltraPixel™, BSI sensor, 1080p video recording. Wi-Fi ® : 802.11 b/g/n (2.4 GHz). Network bands in regions may be different, depending on the mobile operator and your location. Upload and download speeds also depend on the mobile operator.. Available storage is less due to phone software. Approximately 8.5 GB storage available for user content. Available storage is subject to change based on phone software updates and apps usage.. Battery times (talk time, standby time and more) are subject to network and phone usage.. Note: Specifications are subject to change without prior notice.. Australia Österreich Bangladesh Brazil Canada - English Canada - Français Česká republika 中国 Danmark Deutschland España Suomi France Hong Kong 香港 Hrvatska India Indonesia Ireland Italia 日本 Казахстан América Latina Malaysia Magyarország Middle East الشرق الأوسط Myanmar Nederland New Zealand Norge Pakistan Россия и СНГ Polska România Schweiz Singapore Sri Lanka Sverige 台灣 ประเทศไทย Türkiye Україна United Kingdom United States Việt Nam Saudi Arabia. Australia Österreich Bangladesh Brazil Canada - English Canada - Français Česká republika 中国 Danmark Deutschland España Suomi France Hong Kong 香港 Hrvatska India Indonesia Ireland Italia 日本 Казахстан América Latina Malaysia Magyarország Middle East الشرق الأوسط Myanmar Nederland New Zealand Norge Pakistan Россия и СНГ Polska România Schweiz Singapore Sri Lanka Sverige 台灣 ประเทศไทย Türkiye Україна United Kingdom United States Việt Nam Saudi Arabia. Australia Österreich Bangladesh Brazil Canada - English Canada - Français Česká republika 中国 Danmark Deutschland España Suomi France Hong Kong 香港 Hrvatska India Indonesia Ireland Italia 日本 Казахстан América Latina Malaysia Magyarország Middle East الشرق الأوسط Myanmar Nederland New Zealand Norge Pakistan Россия и СНГ Polska România Schweiz Singapore Sri Lanka Sverige 台灣 ประเทศไทย Türkiye Україна United Kingdom United States Việt Nam Saudi Arabia. Australia Österreich Bangladesh Brazil Canada - English Canada - Français Česká republika 中国 Danmark Deutschland España Suomi France Hong Kong 香港 Hrvatska India Indonesia Ireland Italia 日本 Казахстан América Latina Malaysia Magyarország Middle East الشرق الأوسط Myanmar Nederland New Zealand Norge Pakistan Россия и СНГ Polska România Schweiz Singapore Sri Lanka Sverige 台灣 ประเทศไทย Türkiye Україна United Kingdom United States Việt Nam Saudi Arabia. Terms of use Privacy policy Recycling. Smartphones RE Camera Nexus Tablet Buy Now Newsroom Company Overview Corporate Responsibility Investor. HTC Accessories Partners HTC Blog HTC Dev HTC Vive. Innovations Ultrapixel camera HTC Transfer Power to Give HTC Connect Privacy Policy Terms of Use Code of Conduct Copyright Product Security Fraud Warning Learn More. Support Center Warranty Policy HTC Advantage Working at HTC. Smartphones RE Camera Nexus Tablet Buy Now Innovations Ultrapixel camera HTC Transfer Power to Give HTC Connect Support Center Warranty Policy HTC Advantage Newsroom Company Overview Corporate Responsibility Investor HTC Accessories Partners HTC Blog HTC Dev HTC Vive Privacy Policy Terms of Use Code of Conduct Copyright Product Security Fraud Warning Learn More Working at HTC. Terms of use Privacy policy Recycling. 
All Mobiles Computers TV Appliances Care Best Products Upcoming Mobiles News Deals Cashback. Mobile Phones / HTC / HTC One E9s dual SIM Price in India. Updated On: 26th February 2018. 3.3 318 Ratings 1 Questions & Answers. HTC One E9s dual SIM is a dual-SIM Android 5.0 Lollipop device. It has a 5.5 inch display with HD resolution. The device has a 13 MP rear camera with LED flash and a 4 MP front-facing camera with flash. It is powered by a 1.5 GHz octa-core processor. The device has 2 GB RAM and 16 GB of internal storage. Connectivity features include Wi-Fi, Bluetooth, 4G, GPS and microUSB. It packs a 2600 mAh battery on board .. Best Price: ₹ 9,298. Key Specifications 2GB RAM 16GB internal storage 2600 mAh battery 13 M.Pixels rear & 4 M.Pixels selfie 5.5 inch screen Dual SIM (Nano-SIM) Android OS, v5.0 (Lollipop). HTC One E9s dual SIM Price in India. HTC One E9s dual SIM Price starts at Rs. The lowest price of HTC One E9s dual SIM is at Amazon, which is 7% less than the cost of One E9s dual SIM at Flipkart (Rs. HTC One E9s dual SIM Details. The HTC One E9s dual SIM is a mid-range smartphone featuring impressive features such as a 5.5-inch HD display coupled with an octa-core 1.5 GHz Cortex-A53 processor. The device comes in an all plastic body and has a screen to body ratio of 66.3%.. The smartphone ships with Android 5.0 Lollipop out of the box and comes with HTC Sense UI 7.0 on top. The UI is butter smooth and the device operates fluidly thanks to the impressive internal hardware. The device comes with a Mediatek MT6752M chipset. The chipset comes with a Cortex-A53 CPU having eight cores and a clock speed of 1.5 GHz. In addition, the device also sports a Mali-T760MP2 GPU on-board. Multitasking on the smartphone is a breeze thanks to the 2 GB RAM that sits on the chipset. Memory on the device is quite ample as it comes with 16 GB of inbuilt storage. The device also comes with a microSD card slot which allows for further expansion of storage of up to 128 GB.. The smartphone comes with the latest and fastest communication hardware on-board. The device comes with 4G LTE connectivity, Bluetooth 4.1, a microUSB 2.0 port, GPS and Wi-Fi 802.11 b/g/n. The smartphone is powered by a 2,600 mAh non-removable Li-Po battery. The battery has enough juice to keep it ticking for an entire day. The smartphone comes with Dolby Audio for enhanced audio experience.. The device sports a 13-megapixel primary camera which comes with LED flash and additional features such as autofocus, touch to focus, face detection, panorama and geo-tagging. In addition, the device comes with a 4-megapixel front camera which comes with a wide angle sensor, ideal for capturing selfies. The front camera is also ideal for making video calls as it can shoot videos in full HD resolution.. HTC One E9s Dual SIM Specifications Display Resolution 720x1280 pixels Size (in inches) 5.5 Pixel Density 267 pixels per inch (ppi) Touchscreen type Capacitive Color Reproduction 16M Colors Screen to body percentage 66.3 % Design and Build Dimensions 6.2 x 3.1 x 0.3 inches Weight 165 grams Software Operating System Android OS, v5.0 (Lollipop) Camera Primary 13 M.Pixels Front 4 M.Pixels Video [email. protected] Storage Internal 16GB RAM 2GB Expandable MicroSD, 128GB Battery Type Li-Ion Capacity 2600 mAh Connectivity Bluetooth v4.1 with A2DP Wi-Fi Yes with hotspot 3G Yes USB Micro USB v2.0 2G Yes 4G Yes SIM Configuration Dual SIM (Nano-SIM) GPS Yes NFC Chipset No Infrared No Wired Micro USB v2.0 Processor Architecture MT6752M No of Cores 8 (Octa Core) Frequency 1.5 GHz GPU Mali-T760MP2 Sensors Proximity Yes Accelerometer Yes Gyroscope No Ambient Light No Sound Loudspeaker Yes Headphones Yes. Please ask the question in above box. You can use Jio calling feature with Jio4Gvoice app... No bro, it doesn't support VoLTE.. No, it doesn't support VoLTE .. User Reviews of HTC One E9s dual SIM. 1 Ratings 1 Reviews. 5 0. 4 0. 3 0. 2 1. 1 0. Rate & review this product and help other customers. HTC mobile price list in India. Tecno Camon i price (Rs. Lenovo K8 Plus price in India (Rs. Lenovo K8 Note price (Rs. Moto E4 Plus price in India (Rs. Redmi 3s Prime price in India (Rs. Mobile Phones in Price Range Similar to Price of HTC One E9s dual SIM. HTC One E9s dual SIM Price in India. All prices in the above table are in Indian Rupees. Cashback will not be credited for purchases in Amazon. The latest price of HTC One E9s dual SIM was obtained on 26th February 2018 13:20:54 The HTC One E9s dual SIM is available in Amazon, Flipkart The price is valid in all major cities of India including Bangalore, Hyderabad, Chennai, Mumbai, Delhi and Pune. Please check instructions at the specific stores for any deviation. Buy HTC One E9s dual SIM online in India for the lowest price. You can also avail the options of Cash on Delivery (COD) and EMI on purchase of this product. HTC One E9s dual SIM is available in Grey, White colours across various online stores in India.. HTC One E9s dual SIM Price in India is Rs. 9,298 as on 26th February 2018 13:20:54. Earn extra cashback on every purchase. Visit BonusApp → Shop → Get cashback. Nokia 8110 4G Nokia 8 Sirocco Micromax X507 Micromax Canvas Music M1. Tecno Camon I Air Micromax X726 Karbonn A9 Indian 4G Videocon V502430. Upcoming Mobiles Gadget News & Reviews Compare Mobiles Big Billion Day 2017. Contact Us Privacy Terms of Use Blog. © 2017 MySmartPrice Web Technology Private Limited. Made with ❤ in. 
Categories Trending News en de es it pl tr fr br ru id nl da sv. HTC One E9s Dual SIM: 84 facts and highlights. Meizu Pro 7 Plus 64GB: 10 x 2.6GHz. Sony Xperia Z5 Premium Dual: 806ppi. The bigger the screen size is, the better the user experience.. Nokia 808 Pureview: 16 & 13MP. Sony Xperia XZ Premium: 2160 x 3840px. Blu Vivo X: 20 & 8MP. The device has a standard memory slot (such as an SD or micro SD card slot) so that you can either extend the internal storage with affordable memory modules or you can retrieve data, such as photographs, easily from a memory card.. The device has a display with three full subpixels per pixel, resulting in a sharp and crisp picture. Pixels in some displays (like AMOLED) share one subpixel to preserve space. This can result in a less crisp, slightly blurred image.. It can transfer files, music, photos via USB, no need to install additional software.. It works as an FM radio with included headsets. Allows you to view in ultra-high definition.. HTC One E9s Dual SIM (Android 5.0 Lollipop). Apple iPhone X 64GB: 2160 x 60fps. The web browser has automatic word wrap when zooming, the user can easily read long lines without scrolling horizontally.. HTC One E9s Dual SIM (Android 5.0 Lollipop). HTC One E9s Dual SIM (Android 5.0 Lollipop). More microphones result in better sound quality and enable the device to filter out background noise.. The system on a chip (SoC) has an integrated LTE cellular chip. LTE is capable of downloading at faster speeds than older, 3G technology.. HTC One E9s Dual SIM (MediaTek MT6752). A smaller size indicates that the process to create the chip is newer.. Samsung Galaxy A8 (2018) (32GB / 4GB RAM): 10nm. Samsung Galaxy Note 8 (Qualcomm Snapdragon 835) 256GB. Samsung Galaxy S7 edge (Exynos 8890 Octa). Samsung Galaxy Note 8 (Qualcomm Snapdragon 835) 256GB. Samsung Galaxy S7 edge (Exynos 8890 Octa). This page is currently only available in English.. Imprint Privacy Policy Jobs Terms and Conditions. Versus.com is a data-driven comparison platform where you can compare anything, from cars to smartphones or cities. Versus currently comprises 7 million product comparisons and covers the latest technology news.. 
Shop by Compare Blog Deals Coupons. Mobile & Tablets Mobile Accessories Laptops & Peripherals TV & Entertainment Home And Kitchen Appliances Camera, DSLR & Accessories Automotive Books. Mobiles Samsung Mobiles Apple iPhones OnePlus Mobiles Xiaomi Mobiles. Phone Finder Upcoming Mobiles Top 10 Mobile Phones Selfie Mobiles. 6GB RAM Mobiles Dual Camera Mobiles 4G Mobiles Octa core Mobiles. Tablets Samsung Tabs Apple iPads Lenovo Tabs Micromax Tabs. Upcoming Tablets Android Tablets Latest Tablets Budget Tablets. Calling Facility Tablets Wifi Tablets 4G Tablets 7 Inch Tablets. Mobile Accessories Smartwatches Fitness Bands MicroSD Cards Power Banks VR Headsets Headphones And Headsets Headphones Bluetooth Headsets Wired Headsets. Car Mobile And Accessories Car Chargers Car Speakers GPS Navigation Devices Feature Samsung Memory Cards HP Memory Cards Syska Power Banks PNY Power Banks. Trending Sandisk Memory Cards Transcend Memory Cards Kingston Memory Cards Xiaomi Power Banks Ambrane Power Banks Intex Power Banks Behind the neck Headphones Wireless Headphones Clip on Headphones. Laptops Dell Laptops HP Laptops Lenovo Laptops Apple Laptops Asus Laptops All Laptops Desktop & Components CPU Desktops. Storage & Memory Pen Drives MicroSD Cards External Hard Disks Internal Hard Drives Printers & Inks Single Function Printers Multi-Function Printers Scanners Toners. Accessories Monitors Mouses Keyboards Headphones Computer Headsets Speakers Webcams Projectors Routers. By Brands Samsung Televisions LG Televisions Sony Televisions Videocon Televisions Vu Televisions Micromax Televisions Onida Televisions Panasonic Televisions All LED And LCD TVs. By Features 3D TVs Curved TVs Smart TVs 32 inch TVs 40 inch TVs 50 inch TVs 55 inch TVs LED TVs Full HD TVs. Music & Home Theaters DVD/Blueray Players MP3 Players Home Theaters Bluetooth Speakers Sony Home Theaters LG Home Theaters. Home Appliances Television Washing Machines Air Conditioners Geysers Vacuum Cleaners Air Coolers Fans Inverters/stabilizers. Kitchen Appliances Refrigerators Microwave Ovens Mixer/Grinder/Juicers Food Processors Electric Kettles Induction Cook Tops Sandwich Makers Popup Toasters Hand Blenders Electric Cookers. Small Home Appliances Irons Air Purifiers Emergency Lights Landline Phones UPS Sensor Security Sewing Machines. Cameras & DSLRs DSLR Cameras Point & Shoot Cameras Sports & Action Cameras Instant Camera Camcorders Canon DSLR Cameras Nikon DSLR Cameras Sony DSLR Cameras. Cameras By Brands Nikon Point & Shoot Cameras Canon Point & Shoot Cameras Sony Point & Shoot Cameras GoPro Sports & Action Cameras Fujifilm Instant Cameras Panasonic Camcorder. Camera Accessories Camera Lenses Camera Filters Camera Flashes Camera Lens Hoods Tripods Reflectors Camera Lens Caps Camera Flash Brackets Flash Shoe Adapters. Car Accessories Car SubWoofers Car FM Modulators Car Amplifiers Car Air Purifiers Car Body Covers Dent Removers Car Polishes Car Seat Covers Vehicle Antennas. Car Spare Parts Car Batteries Door Handles Gear Knobs Cabin Filters Fuel Filters Wheel Bearings Underseat Storages Engine Mounts Car Silencers. Bike Accessories Helmets Helmet Locks Two Wheeler Batteries Bike Foot Rests Handle Bars Bike Exhausts Bike Mirrors Clutch Levers Vehicle Horns. Books by Categories Academic Action & Adventure Biographies & True Accounts Business, Investing & Management Children's Books Comics & Manga Computing & Internet Crime, Thriller & Mystery Health & Personal Development Fantasy & Science Fiction. Books by Authors Books by Chetan Bhagat Books by Rashmi Bansal Books by J K Rowling Books by Dan Brown Books by Ruskin Bond Books by R S Aggarwal Books by Amish Tripathi Books by Shobaa De Books by Khushwant Singh Books by Paulo Coelho. Mobiles Tablets Laptops Smartwatches Fitness Bands DSLR Cameras Televisions Refrigerators Washing Mcns Air Conditioners Microwave Ovens. Pros & Cons Price Specs Key Features Video Reviews Q & A's Local Dealers Compare. By HTC Mobiles | Market Status: Available in India | Launch Date in India: 15th October, 2015. 9,298 Buy Now on Amazon.in. HTC One E9s dual sim runs on Android OS, v5.0. It has a 5.5 Inch Full HD display. The Phone is powered by a Octa-core 1.5 GHz Cortex-A53 with 2 GB RAM. The device comes with a Rear 13 MP camera with an LED flash. It comes with 16GB of built-in storage which can further be expanded using a microSD, up to 128 G. Connectivity includes Dual SIM , 4G LTE. The Device has a non-removable Li-Ion 2600 mAh battery .. 5% Instant Discount On Using Credit/Debit Card Apply for credit card now ». HTC One E9s dual sim Pros & Cons. HTC Sense UI Android Marshmallow update Powerful processor. HTC One E9s dual sim Price in India. Manufacturer Warranty EMI Available Return Policy Free Shipping Delivery in 2-10 days. HTC One E9s Dual SIM (Roast Chestnut). Manufacturer Warranty EMI Available Return Policy Cash on Delivery Free Shipping Delivery: 2-3 days. HTC One E9S (White Luxury, 16 GB)(2 GB RAM). HTC E9S dual (Meteor Grey, 16 GB)(2 GB RAM). HTC One E9S (Roast Chestnut, 16 GB)(2 GB RAM). Manufacturer Warranty Free Gifts Free Shipping Free Shipping Delivery: 2-10 days. Manufacturer Warranty EMI Available Return Policy Free Shipping Delivery in 3-7 business days. Manufacturer Warranty EMI Available Return Policy Free Shipping Delivery: 7-8 days. HTC One E9s Dual Sim 16 GB Roast Chestnut. HTC One E9 S Dual with 2 GB RAM Grey. The best price of HTC One E9s dual sim smartphone is 9,298 at Amazon.in in India on 26th February 2018. Above are the lowest prices for HTC One E9s dual sim Phone, collected from popular online stores in india. Pricekart does not charge you anything extra for its services. Pricekart can help you save 3,701 on this purchase. Currently HTC One E9s dual sim is in stock across 3 stores , viz. EMI / Installments facility is available for buying this smartphone, if you are using your credit card. Cash on Delivery (COD) can also be availed for this Phone depending on your location. Can be delivered at the above price across 100's of Indian cities including Delhi (NCR), Bangalore, Mumbai, Hyderabad, Chennai, Kolkata, Jaipur and Pune. Shopping online? Keep yourself updated about HTC One E9s dual sim Price In India by setting a price drop alert with us. We expect all sellers listed above to provide a valid tax invoice for any purchase you make while shopping online.. Find dealers & shops for HTC One E9s dual sim mobile phone in your City:. -- Select City -- Agra Ahmedabad Ajmer Alappuzha Alwar Amritsar Aurangabad Bangalore Bharatpur Bhavnagar Bhikaner Bhopal Bhubaneshwar Calangute Chandigarh Chennai Chittaurgarh Coimbatore Cuttack Dalhousie Dehradun Delhi Diu-island Ernakulam Faridabad Gangtok Gaya Ghaziabad Gurgaon Guwahati Gwalior Haridwar Hyderabad Imphal Indore Jabalpur Jaipur Jaisalmer Jalandhar Jamshedpur Jodhpur Junagadh Kanpur Kanyakumari Khajuraho Kochi Kodaikanal Kolkata Kota Kottayam Kovalam Lucknow Ludhiana Madurai Manali Mangalore Margao Mathura Mumbai Mussoorie Mysore Nagpur Nainital Nashik Ooty Orchha Panaji Patna Pondicherry Porbandar Portblair Pune Puri Rajkot Rameswaram Ranchi Sanchi Secunderabad Shimla Surat Thanjavur Thiruchchirapalli Thrissur Tirumala Udaipur Vadodara Varanasi Vasco da gama Vijayawada. Group: 8,000 to 10,000. Full Specifications of HTC One E9s dual sim ( Release Date: 15th October, 2015 ). Screen Size 5.5 inches Screen Resolution 720x1280 pixels Pixel Density 267 PPI Display Type Capacitive touchscreen, 16M colors. Rear Camera Resolution 13 MP Camera Features Autofocus, Flash, Geo-Tagging, Touch Focus, Panorama. SIM Card Slots Dual SIM SIM Card Type SIM 1: Nano-SIM Bluetooth Yes, v4.1, A2DP 3.5 mm Jack Yes. Internal Storage 16 GB Card Slot/Expandable microSD, up to 128 G Other 16GB storage, microSD card slot. Battery Capacity 2600 mAh Battery Type Li-Ion. Brand HTC Chipset Mediatek MT6752M Processor Octa-core 1.5 GHz Cortex-A53 RAM 2GB RAM GPU Mali-T760MP2. Operating System Android OS Version Android OS, v5.0 Weight 165 grams Dimensions 157.7 x 79.7 x 7.6 mm (6.21 x 3.14 x 0.30 in). 4G Yes, LTE band 1(2100), 3(1800), 5(850), 7(2600), 8(900), 38(2600), 39(1900), 40(2300), 41(2500) 3G Yes, HSDPA 850 / 900 / 1900 / 2100 2G Yes, GSM 850 / 900 / 1800 / 1900 - SIM 1 & SIM 2 Wi-Fi Yes, Wi-Fi 802.11 b/g/n, hotspot GPS Yes, Yes, with A-GPS GPRS Yes EDGE Yes Radio Yes. Sensors Yes Messaging SMS (threaded view), MMS, Email, Push Email Browser HTML5 Java No Other Active noise cancellation with dedicated mic MP4/H.264 player MP3/eAAC+/WAV player Document viewer Photo/video editor. Disclaimer: We cannot guarantee the information is 100% accurate. Report a problem on this page. Key Specifications Review of HTC One E9s dual sim Quite Big Screen - 5.5 inches Reading, browsing internet and watching videos is more pleasing experience on a bigger screen. Sharp Screen - 267 PPI Higher Resolution indicates sharp display images, videos and text look more vivid and clear. Mediatek MT6752M Designed to more efficiently handle different types of workloads. It delivers extreme computing performance with unmatched power efficiency. Octa-core 1.5 GHz Cortex-A53 Processor acts as the brain of device and aids in managing tasks more efficiently. It allows smooth execution of tasks, applications, emailing, video playing, etc. Lots Of RAM - 2 GB More RAM means faster loading of apps and smoother execution of multiple tasks simultaneously. Mali-T760MP2 Graphics Processing Unit enables smooth processing of 3D Games and HD Videos. It also shares the load of processors and saves battery. Has Dual SIM Multiple SIM Phones allow you to use multiple sims at the same time without the need to carry multiple mobile phones. 13 MP Rear Camera Average Resolution camera that capture less vibrant images without focusing much on details. No Front Camera Front Camera enables you to take your own photos and do videocalling (on supported devices). Has Flash For Camera With Flash Bright Selfies / Pics can be captured even in low light. Has Autofocus For Camera With Autofocus, the camera of the mobile is able to focus on the subject automatically. Heavy Weight - 165g Holding Heavy weight mobile phones for long time will make your arms tired. Limited Storage Capacity - 16 GB Less internal storage may limit installation of more apps, storing songs, images, videos, etc. Supports Memory Card - microSD, up to 128 G Having no Memory cards restricts extra storage capacity. You cannot store more songs, photos and videos. High Battery Life - 2600 mAh Higher Battery capacities generally mean longer battery life that runs atleast for a day or two. The Battery life also depends on screen size, processor, OS, personal useage and other factors. Supports 4G 4G connection provides internet access upto 100 Mbps. Get more download speed and a faster browsing experience. You can send voice calls and messages. It supports all features of 3G, 2G conncetivity. Supports 3G 3G Enabled Handsets give you more download speed and a faster internet experience. 3G enables fast internet access, high speed downloads and access to lot other internet features. Supports 2G With 2G connectivity option you can get all cellular features but stay limited to basic internet facilities. Supports WiFi Connect to wifi hotspots in your area or other devices to your mobile. Supports GPS GPS help you to track your current location. get directions to a place or any destination using apps like Google Maps. Have A FM Radio Allows you to listen Music, songs, etc from Radio stations even while travelling. Supports Bluetooth You can wirelessly listen to music and calls using bluetooth headsets or even share data. Has 3.5mm Headphone Jack 3.5mm Jack enables you to connect to large number of other devices such as speakers, headphones etc.... Video Review of HTC One E9s dual sim. HTC Desire 828 dual sim 3GB ram 9,999 vs HTC One E9s dual sim 9,298. HTC One E9s dual sim 9,298 vs Oppo F1s 13,549. HTC One E9s dual sim 9,298 vs Xiaomi Redmi note 3 Pro 32GB 12,990. HTC 10 evo 19,910 vs HTC One E9s dual sim 9,298. Blu Pure XR 19,999 vs HTC One E9s dual sim 9,298. HTC One E9s dual sim Historic Price Trends. Buy HTC One E9s dual sim in India today for Rs. 9,298.00 , updated on 26th February 2018. Write a Review on HTC One E9s dual sim. Heading* Summary* Rating*. (Your rating: 0 / 5). Motorola Moto M 64GB Xiaomi Redmi 3S Prime Xiaomi Redmi Note 4 2GB RAM + 32GB Lenovo Vibe K5 Note 4GB RAM Coolpad Cool 1 4GB RAM Xiaomi Redmi Note 5 3GB RAM Itel Selfiepro it1520 Lenovo Vibe P2 3GB RAM Nokia 6 3GB RAM Lenovo Vibe P2 InFocus Epic 1 Vivo V5 Vphone S8. HTC One E9s dual sim Questions & Answers. HTC Vive Business Edition VR Headset Now Available in India HTC U12 Renders with Bezel-Less Display Revealed Online HTC U11 EYEs Smartphone to Launch on January 15: Price, Specs, Features HTC U11+, HTC U11 Life Launched: Check Specs, Features, Price HTC U11 Plus Spotted Online with Bezel-less Display HTC U11 with Edge Sense, Snapdragon 835 SoC Launched in India. Lenovo Vibe K5 Note 4GB RAM. 5.5 inches 13 MP Camera 4 RAM 3500 mAh. 5 inches 13 MP Camera 3 RAM 4100 mAh. 5.5 inches 13 MP Camera 4 RAM 3000 mAh. 5.5 inches 13 MP Camera 3 RAM 3300 mAh. Xiaomi Redmi Note 4 3GB RAM + 32GB. 5.5 inches 13 MP Camera 3 RAM 4100 mAh. Xiaomi Redmi Note 5 3GB RAM. 5.99 inches 12 MP Camera 3 RAM 4000 mAh. Comments on HTC One E9s dual sim mobile phone. HTC One E9s dual sim mobile price. × Get instant alert when price drops for HTC One E9s dual sim. Prices reduce by 5-10% within 3 weeks, on average!. Get Real-Time Price, latest launches, top stories & best deals right in your inbox.. -- Problem/Feedback -- Customer feedback Price is different than price on external website Incorrect product specifications Item does not match external website There are insufficient details to make a buying decision Other. Get access to your Wishlist and more.. Keep items you love on a watchlist.. Write Your Reviews & Win Daily Prizes!. Be first to know about great offers and save.. *Pricekart.com will not share any personal information with any third party at any time. LOGIN or SIGN UP. Mobile | Tablet | Home & Kitchen Appliances | TV & Entertainment | Camera, DSLR & Accessories | Automotive | Books. Samsung Mobiles Price | Vivo Mobiles Price | OPPO Mobiles Price | Xiaomi Mobiles Price | Karbonn Mobiles Price | Itel Mobiles Price | Intex Mobiles Price. Upcoming Mobiles | Waterproof Mobiles Price | Top 10 Mobiles Price | 4g Mobiles Price | Big Battery Mobiles | Mobiles Below 10000. About Us | Extension | Privacy | Terms & Conditions | Blog | Contact Us | Merchants. Made in India by. 
Email me special HTC and select partner offers, product information and newsletters.. To review our privacy policy, please Click Here .. We have received your information and will send you HTC updates soon.. WHAT CAN WE HELP YOU WITH?. Switching the power on or off. SIM cards with Dual network manager. Want some quick guidance on your phone?. Your first week with your new phone. Setting your home and work locations. Turning smart folders on and off. Turning lock screen notifications on or off. Restoring your backup from your cloud storage. Ways of transferring content from an. Transferring contacts from your old phone through. Other ways of getting contacts and other content. Transferring photos, videos, and music between your phone and computer. Creating your own theme from scratch. Grouping apps on the widget panel and launch bar. Adding photos or videos to an album. Copying or moving photos or videos between albums. Saving a photo from a video. Adding a song to the queue. Updating album covers and artist photos. Setting a song as a ringtone. Streaming music to speakers powered by the. Accepting or declining a meeting invitation. Reading and replying to an email message. Uploading your photos and videos to. Turning the camera flash on or off. Taking a photo while recording a video—VideoPic. Using the volume buttons for taking photos and videos. Tips for taking selfies and people shots. Saving your settings as a capture mode. Making a call with your voice. Calling a number in a message, email, or calendar event. What can I do during a call?. Switching between silent, vibrate, and normal modes. Moving messages to the secure box. Copying a text message to the. Getting in touch with a contact. Adding your social networks, email accounts, and more. Ways of backing up files, data, and settings. HTC Sync Manager on your computer. iPhone content and apps to your HTC phone. Turning the data connection on or off. Sharing your phone's Internet connection by USB tethering. Turning location services on or off. Scheduling when to turn data connection off. Setting when to turn off the screen. Turning Magnification gestures on or off. E9‍s can check and notify you if there’s a new update available. Read this article to learn more. E9‍s has a persistent problem that cannot be solved, you can perform a factory .... E9‍s does not respond when you touch the screen or press the buttons, you can s.... You can check the percentage of remaining battery power right from the status bar.. Before you turn on and start using. E9‍s, it is recommended that you charge the bat.... Want to have expert command of your camera settings for different environments or lighting condit.... Get the latest about your interests or stay in touch with friends right on. Want to know what types of storage you can use for your apps, data, and files?. Find topics about HTC One E9s dual sim. Can’t find what you’re looking for?. Australia Österreich Bangladesh Brazil Canada - English Canada - Français Česká republika 中国 Danmark Deutschland España Suomi France Hong Kong 香港 Hrvatska India Indonesia Ireland Italia 日本 Казахстан América Latina Malaysia Magyarország Middle East الشرق الأوسط Myanmar Nederland New Zealand Norge Pakistan Россия и СНГ Polska România Schweiz Singapore Sri Lanka Sverige 台灣 ประเทศไทย Türkiye Україна United Kingdom United States Việt Nam Saudi Arabia. Australia Österreich Bangladesh Brazil Canada - English Canada - Français Česká republika 中国 Danmark Deutschland España Suomi France Hong Kong 香港 Hrvatska India Indonesia Ireland Italia 日本 Казахстан América Latina Malaysia Magyarország Middle East الشرق الأوسط Myanmar Nederland New Zealand Norge Pakistan Россия и СНГ Polska România Schweiz Singapore Sri Lanka Sverige 台灣 ประเทศไทย Türkiye Україна United Kingdom United States Việt Nam Saudi Arabia. Australia Österreich Bangladesh Brazil Canada - English Canada - Français Česká republika 中国 Danmark Deutschland España Suomi France Hong Kong 香港 Hrvatska India Indonesia Ireland Italia 日本 Казахстан América Latina Malaysia Magyarország Middle East الشرق الأوسط Myanmar Nederland New Zealand Norge Pakistan Россия и СНГ Polska România Schweiz Singapore Sri Lanka Sverige 台灣 ประเทศไทย Türkiye Україна United Kingdom United States Việt Nam Saudi Arabia. Australia Österreich Bangladesh Brazil Canada - English Canada - Français Česká republika 中国 Danmark Deutschland España Suomi France Hong Kong 香港 Hrvatska India Indonesia Ireland Italia 日本 Казахстан América Latina Malaysia Magyarország Middle East الشرق الأوسط Myanmar Nederland New Zealand Norge Pakistan Россия и СНГ Polska România Schweiz Singapore Sri Lanka Sverige 台灣 ประเทศไทย Türkiye Україна United Kingdom United States Việt Nam Saudi Arabia. Terms of use Privacy policy Recycling. Smartphones RE Camera Nexus Tablet Buy Now Newsroom Company Overview Corporate Responsibility Investor. HTC Accessories Partners HTC Blog HTC Dev HTC Vive. Innovations Ultrapixel camera HTC Transfer Power to Give HTC Connect Privacy Policy Terms of Use Code of Conduct Copyright Product Security Fraud Warning Learn More. Support Center Warranty Policy HTC Advantage Working at HTC. Smartphones RE Camera Nexus Tablet Buy Now Innovations Ultrapixel camera HTC Transfer Power to Give HTC Connect Support Center Warranty Policy HTC Advantage Newsroom Company Overview Corporate Responsibility Investor HTC Accessories Partners HTC Blog HTC Dev HTC Vive Privacy Policy Terms of Use Code of Conduct Copyright Product Security Fraud Warning Learn More Working at HTC. Terms of use Privacy policy Recycling. 
HTC One E9s dual sim - user opinions and reviews. Pages: 1 2 3 … 14 15 ». The screen of this model is the worst. It's my second display that cracks when dropped. So be very carrefoul not to drop it!. (My opinion after one year and a half usage). Awesome camera for the price (good contrast, realist colors, nice setting options). Low price (I bought it in China from the developer, in spring 2016). Good sound (the surround effect works fine). Pretty fast (no significant lags after 1 year of usage). Battery (drains quick, charges slow Â is better with a fastcharger). Overheating problems (the screen gets a brown spot in the upper left part- do not use it while charges, or for games that require high resources!). Fragile (the screen was fine for me but the carcass snapped in the front low right Â I didn`t used protection). Software update (I moved to Europe and I get no updates + the help is in Chinese only). The speaker (when turned on during a call, the person I talk to doesn`t hear good what I`m saying so the speaker becomes useless). Anonymous, 11 Apr 2017 Worst phone ever, it his having a really weak display. I have repaired it for the 3rd time. more I am writing this review after a year from the purchase date of my phone. One the 5th month I suppose , I got my display cracked. The service centre people are sitting there to take the charm. I put a duplicate display which is far better than the original one. I would suggest people with this set to put duplicate display and not the original one. My baby brother has thrown my phone 2-3times by now but still it is OK. Every time my heart skipped a beat when anyone else touches my phone. It has been a bad experience. Other sets of HTC are good , many of my family members do use HTC. The problem is with particularly this one. If u have already purchased the phone then don't let it slip from your hand .. why my htc is not charging and is not turning on???. I'm not sure why so many people are having a problem with this phone, I've had it since it came it and I love it. Had a battery problem for the first month, but got it fixed and it's been perfect. I have a case so no issues when I drop it, come on it's class drop any phone from high enough and at the right angle it'll break, buy a case. Question, anyone know of a custom rom for Android 6.0 or 7.0? I'd like to keep the phone longer and updating it would be nice, the only problem I have is that HTC did not update it, won't buy an HTC phone after this. Too bad, this phone is ok.. Siddiqui, 21 Feb 2016 Same here guyz don't buy this phone HTC E9s is bullshit,worst phone ever. more es its htc e 9s display is very delegate its broken 2nd time ..when i put my phone on charge its crack automatically from in side not seen crack on surface its internal crack on display. Anonymous, 04 Nov 2016 I faced same problem with display. It broke 2 times.Don't know why HTC is spoiling it's name. more I also have worst experiance with Htc One e9s. It has many issues like it dosn't have upgradable feature of operating system. Overheating is very dangerous some time i afraid that its gng to blast but thank god still safe. I will not recommend to anyone for purchasing this there prices are so high and service Nil.. reviewing after a month hard usage. i am the one uses phone in very hard core mannar. phone been dropped in running bike, in train from third tier and 1.5m high in concrete surface. also most of time my baby uses my phone. i havent had any issues like hanging, display cracks.. its not HD display that might be a constrain... Poulami, 06 Apr 2017 There could be a chance of you not breaking an egg if you drop it to the floor, but not this p... more Worst phone ever, it his having a really weak display. I have repaired it for the 3rd time. It's display can damage in any easiest of the ways. Just by falling from your hand while other phones do not. This is the worst phone i've ever seen infact my friend's phone broke same model. Spent a lot on this worthless phone.. There could be a chance of you not breaking an egg if you drop it to the floor, but not this phone. The display is weaker than a child suffering from malnutrition, the idea of this phone should have been killed even before it was born. Never before have I suffered so much because of a phone, this phone made me realise how good the old Nokias were, you could drop it from the 20th floor and not a scratch would appear. But HTC E9s, could crack inside your pocket, why? because it just can. The first time the screen broke within 2 months of me getting the phone, I was in love with the new phone so decided to get it fixed, it took 2months to get a new screen, coz apparently the screens were not even available in the market, long story short, spent 10k into getting it repaired. And my phone has broken yet again. I have dropped my phone for almost 23 times(with and without cover combined), never got a screen damage issue. I never expected anybody would be having this kind of trouble while using this phone because mine is pretty solid tbh. I was damn careful about but still somehow display use to go bad. Please never ever go for this as the model manufacturing has been stopped right after introducing to the market.. I bought this phone by last november and the display has gone for 2 times. I don't recommend this model for anyone. HTC is spoiling their name with this model. Compaireing with other smart phone if screen damaged the phone will be in working condition, but in this mobile if small crack in screen on display the phone in ded condition.. Tho its a lil bit delicate but i love it... Never hang, apps open / close fast. It is very sensitive when it come to the display. This is the second time it has broken. I too had a flip cover bought and still not sure how the panel cracked inside the flip cover.. Wi-Fi + Bluetooth non responding many times... It is very sensitive when it come to the display. This is the second time it has broken. The first time it fell an amazingly short distance, from my hand to a table. The outer protective glass did not break but the display did. Costed me INR 6500 to fix it but it is broken again but this time I was not really sure how it happened. Had a new pouch bought and still not sure how the panel cracked inside the pouch. Liked the model very much and am still thining of changing the display again. Not sure if that is a right decision.. Meg , 23 Nov 2016 I wouldn't say it is the phone's problem. It is due to the carelessness about the user. more Even my phone is working absolutely fine. Not even once my screen is broken. I am using HTC E9s phone for last 7 months. Before buying I read all the comments regarding the poor display of the phone. But I took a chance and purchased it. The result was in this 7 months not even once my phone's screen is broken. Pages: 1 2 3 … 14 15 ». Total of 300 user reviews and opinions for HTC One E9s dual sim .. Samsung Apple Nokia Sony LG HTC Motorola Huawei Microsoft Lenovo Xiaomi Google Acer Asus Oppo OnePlus Meizu BlackBerry Alcatel ZTE Toshiba Vodafone Energizer XOLO Lava Micromax BLU Gionee vivo LeEco Panasonic HP YU verykool Maxwest Plum. HTC One E9 HTC One E9+ Sony Xperia Z HTC One (M8) dual sim HTC One M9 Samsung Galaxy E7. HTC U11 Eyes HTC One (M8) HTC 10 HTC U11+ HTC Desire 10 Pro HTC U11. 
The next video is starting stop. HTC One E9s Dual SIM Review. Want to watch this again later?. Sign in to add this video to a playlist.. Sign in to report inappropriate content.. Sign in to make your opinion count.. Sign in to make your opinion count.. The interactive transcript could not be loaded.. Rating is available when the video has been rented.. This feature is not available right now. HTC was a major player in the Android smartphone market not too long ago, but has been on a steady decline. It's evident when you see that HTC's share in the India smartphone market is just 1.4 percent, down from 10 percent in Q3 2011. Last year's HTC One (M8) (Review | Pictures) got some praise from us, but this year's flagship HTC One M9+ (Review) left us wanting more. HTC hasn't produced a clear winner in a very long time. The Taiwanese manufacturer hasn't quite given up just yet, and one of its latest launches in India is the HTC One E9s Dual SIM. The device is a part of the top-end One range of products, but is more affordable than its flagship namesakes. With its plastic body and typically mid-range spec-sheet, the One E9s Dual SIM, on paper, seems like an overpriced mid-range smartphone. We find out if there's more to it in our review. Look and feel Although the One E9s Dual SIM is to be considered among the top tier of HTC smartphones, its plastic body makes it feel more like some of the newer products in the second-rung Desire range, such as the slightly more affordable but much older HTC Desire 826. It also exhibits HTC's typical aesthetic, which isn't a bad thing at all since HTC is one of the few manufacturers to consistently excel at smartphone design, in our opinion. With a 5.5-inch screen, the One E9s Dual SIM is firmly in phablet territory. The front of the device is only 66.3 percent screen, with considerably thick borders and space on both the top and bottom for the stereo BoomSound speakers. For a phone that is already large, this bulks it up further. Fortunately, it isn't as thick as most phablets, and its curved edges and dull plastic finish help with grip and ergonomics. Specifications and software This year, HTC has opted for MediaTek SoCs for some of its key devices, including the Helio X10 which found its way onto the M9+ and E9+. The E9s Dual SIM, however, reminds us of its mid-range specifications with its MT6752M SoC. Designed to compete directly with Qualcomm, the MT6752M gets the better of the Snapdragon 615 SoC in most benchmarks. However, opinions are firmly divided on whether the MT6752M can truly compete against the Snapdragon 615. Apart from this, the HTC One E9s Dual SIM also has 16GB of internal storage (expandable by up to 128GB), 2GB of RAM, an integrated Mali-T760MP2 GPU, dual-SIM connectivity with 4G on both SIMs, and a 2600mAh battery. Fortunately, the slots for microSD and the second SIM are separate, so you aren't forced to choose between them, unlike some other recent smartphones. Camera The HTC One E9s Dual SIM has a 13-megapixel primary camera with single-tone flash, along with the 4-megapixel UltraPixel camera on the front with no flash. The UltraPixel sensor was HTC's supposedly innovative take on smartphone cameras, but has since been demoted to front-camera status for some of HTC's new devices. Both cameras are capable of recording full-HD video. The default HTC Camera app is excellent as always, with plenty of controls, modes and options. The flash toggle and manual controls are easy to access, and there is a button to quickly shoot video as well. Switching camera modes can be done via swipes or through the menu, while camera and video modes are also accessible easily. The settings menu has a long list of options, including crop ratio, resolution, volume button shortcuts, self-timer, and image adjustments, among others. The app strikes the perfect balance between ease of use and detailed controls and settings. Performance Thanks to decent hardware and excellent software, the HTC One E9s Dual SIM is a decent mid-range performer. Whether it's simply swiping about on the interface or playing intensive games such as Dead Trigger 2 and Angry Birds 2, the phone doesn't disappoint. The phone does heat up very slightly when it's put through intensive tasks, but it's much less than what we're used to seeing on some other smartphones.. When autoplay is enabled, a suggested video will automatically play next.. HTC One E9s Dual SIM In-depth Review. HTC One E9s Dual SIM Review. HTC One E9s Dual Sim New Smartphone First Look ᴴᴰ. Unboxing of htc one e9s dual sim. HTC One E9 Plus VS M9 Plus Comparison, Features, Specs, Camera, Price Difference and Overview. HTC One E9s Vs Sony Xperia M5. Complete Disassembly of HTC one E9s. HTC One A9 Unboxing and Impressions. 2015 Mobilephone Review - HTC One E9s Dual Sim : Specs, Price. HTC One E9s dual sim - a new model quietly launches. HTC One E9s Dual listed online with 1.5GHz Octa Core Processor, 2GB RAM, Android 5.0 Lollipop. HTC One E9s Dual SIM Specs & Features. HTC One E9s Dual SIM Reportedly Launched at Rs 23,500. HTC One M9 Dual SIM - 2 or 3 SIM active at the same time on your HTC One M9 - SIMore. HTC One E8 vs HTC One M8. HTC Desire 828 hands on review [CAMERA, BENCHMARKS, GAMING]. Sign in to add this to Watch Later. 
You may compare phones just by entering nexus s vs iphone 4 OR desire vs wildfire vs desire hd in the search input. Home > Phones > HTC > One E9s Dual SIM. Add HTC One E9s Dual SIM to comparison. 9.0 (based on 1 vote and 0 review ). SIM 1: 2G: Europe & USA (. SIM 2: 2G: Europe & USA (. GPRS: 12 GPRS class: 4 downlink + 4 uplink, at one moment up to 5 channels. EDGE: 12 EDGE class: 4 downlink + 4 uplink, at one moment up to 5 channels. Operating system: Android OS v5.0 (Lollipop). MP3, eAAC+, WAV. MP4, H.264. Added on 20/08/2016 , last updated 23/08/2016. Please contact us in case you spot any incorrect details of HTC One E9s Dual SIM.. 8.0 (based on 1 vote). 8.0 (based on 1 vote). 8.0 (based on 1 vote). HTC Desire 526G+ 16GB Dual SIM. 8.0 (based on 1 vote). HTC Desire 526G+ 8GB Dual SIM. N/A (Not rated yet). N/A (Not rated yet). 8.0 (based on 1 vote). N/A (Not rated yet). 8.0 (based on 1 vote). N/A (Not rated yet). 
USD $ EUR € GBP £ CAD $. Home Contact UnlockBase Cable Unlock Software Currency: USD Support e-mail Track your Order LOGIN. $ USD € EUR £ GBP $ CAD. Is this product being sold elsewhere for a lower price?. Price match requests are handled by professional sourcing staffs.. Please fill in the short form below and we will try to work with our suppliers to match their price or provide an even better deal.. If the reported product is identical to our product, and lower priced sources are found, prices on product pages will be updated within 48 hours (Mon-Fri) after price match is received.. Unless you are already on our newsletters list, we will not send any e-mail to you that are not related to this review.. Step 2/4 : Provide your IMEI & E-Mail. Order the Unlock Code of your HTC One E9s Dual SIM. DELIVERY: Instant (< 5 mins). When I order an Unlock Code for my HTC One E9s Dual SIM, what will I receive?. With all HTC One E9s Dual SIM Unlocking Code orders we usually deliver a complete set of unlocking codes. Most of the time you just need the Network Code (NCK) but when needed you'll also receive Unfreeze Code, Reset Key, or Service Provide Code. In the same email that includes your unlock code(s), you will also receive complete instructions on how to use it. Usually, you just insert the SIM card in the phone you want to use and the phone will prompt you for the unlock code. In case you need any assistance, our customer support is always there to answer any questions you might have. We will get back to you within less than 12 Hours from Monday to Friday.. I accept the Terms & Conditions. How to Unlock HTC One E9s Dual SIM?. Insert SIM card from a source different than your original Service Provider (i.e. if you have a Rogers phone, use a non-Rogers SIM card),. Phone will ask you to enter Sim unlock pin. Any suggestion? Want to help us improve our Guideline to unlock HTC One E9s Dual SIM ? or those are not accurate ? Please contact us. UnlockBase is an incorporated company, we've been unlocking cell phones for 7 years now and strives to provide the best service for our clientele.. All products, and company names, logos, and service marks (collectively the "Trademarks") displayed are registered® and/or unregistered trademarks™ of their respective owners. UnlockBase is not associated with or sponsored by HTC. The authors of this web site are not sponsored by or affiliated with any of the third-party trade mark or third-party registered trade mark owners, and make no representations about them, their owners, their products or services.. Rated 4.9 out of 5 from 9201 reviews. I give 4 stars because they send me several code instead of 1 code it's very annoying because I have to try several codes before I get one works other provider only provide one code.. I had a problem but they resolved it quickly. I recommend this website to anybody who wants their phone unlocked. Once again thank you and I have been using this website for over six years. Very simple process which worked first time - received codes within 3 days. Телефон разблокировали очень быстро сервисом очень доволен хотя и чуть-чуть дороговато. UB Software Limited - 156 Shirley Street & Mount Royal Avenue - Nassau – The Bahamas. Registration Number 1784454 - Copyrighted by Copyright Deposit - Monitored by CopyScape - DO NOT COPY. 
The next video is starting stop. HTC One E9s Dual SIM In-depth Review. Want to watch this again later?. Sign in to add this video to a playlist.. Sign in to report inappropriate content.. Sign in to make your opinion count.. Sign in to make your opinion count.. The interactive transcript could not be loaded.. Rating is available when the video has been rented.. This feature is not available right now. Read more: http://phonietech.com/ Follow on facebook: http://facebook.com/louisfrankooo Subscribe here: https://www.youtube.com/louisfrankooo The HTC One E9s Dual SIM is a good smartphone, no doubt. It has everything you need from a mid-range device, including good design, decent specifications, good cameras and enough bite in the performance to keep mid-range users happy. However, HTC needs to do a bit more than that to get buyers' attention in this competitive market, and One E9s Dual SIM unfortunately doesn't have anything out-of-the-box to offer. While the Amoled screen is decent, it's low resolution is evident, and this is severely disappointing for a device at this price level. It also costs far too much when compared to devices such as the Honor 7 , which offers much more bang for your buck. The HTC One E9s Dual SIM will lose out against such competitors because it is a straightforward and unexciting device. However, if you're only looking for reliability and functionality, it's definitely worth considering. Subscribe for the latest tech news. Comments are disabled for this video.. When autoplay is enabled, a suggested video will automatically play next.. HTC One E9s Dual SIM Review. Unboxing of htc one e9s dual sim. HTC One E9s Dual SIM Review. Top 5 Best smartphones with unique features. HTC One E9s Dual SIM Specs & Features. HTC One E9 Plus - unboxing și primele impresii | GADGET.RO |. Complete Disassembly of HTC one E9s. HTC One E9s Dual Sim Unboxing. HTC One E9s vs Motorola Moto X Play (Side-By-Side Comparison). HTC One E9s Vs Sony Xperia M5. HTC One E9+ (E9 Plus) Hands On Review. 2015 Mobilephone Review - HTC One E9s Dual Sim : Specs, Price. HTC One E9s dual sim - a new model quietly launches. HTC One E9s Dual listed online with 1.5GHz Octa Core Processor, 2GB RAM, Android 5.0 Lollipop. Top 5 Upcoming Smartphones In 2018 - Iphone 9,LG G7,Samsung Galaxy S9,Sony Xperia Z6,HTC U12. HTC Desire 828 hands on review [CAMERA, BENCHMARKS, GAMING]. Sign in to add this to Watch Later. 
Home >> Phones >> HTC >>One E9s Dual Sim. Place : Chennai Delhi Kolkata Mumbai. HTC One E9s Dual Sim is Powered by Android 5.0 Lollipop with HTC Sense and 13MP rear camera.. - 1.5 GHz Mediatek MT6752M Octa Core Processor. - 2GB RAM With 16GB ROM. - 5.5 Inch HD Display With 267 PPI. - 13MP Rear Camera With LED Flash. - HTC BoomSound With Dolby Audio. HTC One E9s Dual Sim Specifications. White Luxury, Meteor Grey and Roast Chestnut. Disclaimer: We cannot guarantee that the info on this page is 100% correct. Please contact us support@fonearena.com incase you find a mistake. HTC One E9s Dual Sim User Reviews and Opinions. Post you reviews and thoughts about this phone below. Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Please dont abuse anyone and please make sure your comments are decent and don't use bad language.. All Rights Reserved.Text, images and all other content on this site may not be copied or republished in any way without formal permission.Phone Images are a property of the respective Manufacturer and may not be tampered with in any way. 
Select the department you want to search in. Sign in Your Orders Try Prime Your Lists Cart. Your Amazon.in Today's Deals Amazon Pay Sell Customer Service. Electronics Best Sellers Amazon Exclusives Mobiles & Accessories Computers & Accessories Televisions & Home Entertainment Audio Cameras & Accessories Musical Instruments Office & Stationery Buying Guides. HTC One E9s Dual SIM (Roast Chestnut). OnsiteGo 1 Year Extended warranty for Mobiles (Rs. from Onsite Electro Services Private Limited. The 1 Year OnsiteGo Extended Warranty plan covers all mechanical and electronic defects that are covered under the standard manufacturer's warranty. The plan is applicable for all mobiles between Rs. We cover all cities across India, and all brands excluding Spice and Swipe. You can purchase the plan at the time of buying the device or within 6 months from the purchase date. You need to activate the plan within 30 days of the plan purchase. You can activate the plan by following some simple steps in the mail that will be sent to you. 14 or 21 days repair or replacement guarantee, depending on the mobile brand. A 'No Questions Asked' policy for servicing claims and cashless repairs at brand authorized service centers only. Available in Bangalore, Mumbai, Chennai, Hyderabad. HTC One E9s Dual SIM (Roast Chestnut). No Cost EMI available if you checkout only with this item.. Pay for your order in equal monthly installments (EMI), using any one of the cards in the table below.. Your bank will convert the payment into EMI in 3-4 working days.. To make this a No Cost EMI offer, the interest amount will be discounted from the price of your order. Your card will be charged for the item price minus the discounted interest. The total amount you will pay to the bank including interest, will be equal to the price of the item, making this No Cost EMI.. The bank may charge taxes on the interest amount at its sole discretion.. About *NoCost: The bank will continue to charge interest on EMI as per existing rates. However, the interest to be charged by the bank will be passed on to you as an upfront discount. Total Cost shown above does not include shipping charges.. EMI providers may charge you pre-closure or other charges when you cancel/return an EMI order.. Click here to read EMI FAQs.. Sold by camnaccstore (4.0 out of 5 | 315 ratings) and Fulfilled by Amazon .. Fulfilled by Amazon indicates that this item is stored, packed and dispatched from Amazon fulfilment centres. Amazon directly handles delivery, customer service and returns. Fulfilled by Amazon items can be identified with an badge. Orders containing items Fulfilled by Amazon worth Rs.599 or more are eligible for FREE delivery. FBA items may also be eligible for faster delivery (Same-Day, One-Day and Two-Day).. If you're a seller, you can improve your sales by using Fulfilment by Amazon. This item can't be returned to Amazon, if the item is "No longer needed". In case of product issues, you may qualify for a replacement.. 13MP primary camera and UltraPixel front facing camera. 5.5-inch (13.97 centimeters) HD 720p capacitive touchscreen. Android operating system with 1.5GHz MT6752M octa core processor, 2GB RAM, 16GB internal memory expandable up to 128GB and dual nano SIM (GSM+GSM). 1 year manufacturer warranty for device and 6 months manufacturer warranty for in-box accessories including batteries from the date of purchase. The order quantity for this product is limited to 1 unit per customer. Please note that orders which exceed the quantity limit will be auto-canceled. Easily Accessible Service Centers across Major Cities in India. > Click here to see the list. These items are dispatched from and sold by different sellers. This item: HTC One E9s Dual SIM (Roast Chestnut). Sold by camnaccstore and ships from Amazon Fulfillment.. This item Delivered FREE in India with Super Saver Delivery. iKare Impossible Guard Screen Protector for HTC One E9s (REUSABLE, ULTRA CLEAR, REAL SHOCK PROOF…. Ships from and sold by Sajni Creations.. Find answers in product info, Q&As, reviews. Please make sure that you've entered a valid question. You can edit your question or post anyway.. Don't see what you're looking for?. There was a problem completing your request. Please try your search again later.. This shopping feature will continue to load items. In order to navigate out of this carousel please use your heading shortcut key to navigate to the next or previous heading.. Customers who viewed this item also viewed. Page 1 of 1 Start over Page 1 of 1. HTC Desire 820G Plus (Santorini White). HTC One E9s Dual SIM (Meteor Grey). iKare Impossible Guard Screen Protector for HTC One E9s (REUSABLE, ULTRA CLEAR, REAL SHOCK PROOF, UNBREAKABLE). HTC Desire 630 Dual Sim 4G LTE 16GB with 2GB Ram - Golden Graphite. HTC Desire 10 Pro (Stone Black). HTC One X9 Smart Phone, Carbon Grey. Click Candid Images Get mesmerizing sound experience Super-Fast performance and super-smooth connectivity Efficient Battery Backup. HTC One E9s Dual SIM (Roast Chestnut) Stylishly Designed with Superior Display. Powerful processor, glossy display, incredible design and dual colour makes HTC One E9s Dual SIM one of the most desired choices. This smartphone flaunts stylish design with dual tone colour (Roast Chestnut + white) and soft touch edges, making it the right style quotient to your personality. The phone is just 7mm thick thus offering you a comfortable grip over your phone. Apart from being slim and light, this phone features a 5.5-inch display that comes with Corning Gorilla Glass 4 technology, which makes your screen crack-resistant. HTC Sense UI 7.0 is an inbuilt feature of the phone that enables location detecting widget on home screen thus you can get real-time updates about weather and traffic of your current location.. The HTC One E9s has 13 MP primary camera with UltraPixel technology to get focused and clear pictures even in low lighting conditions. It also has HTC eye technology to enhance the beauty of the picture. With this software, you can do live makeup, split capture images, and much more. Moreover, this phone comes fitted with 4MP secondary camera to click great selfies with your family and friends.. HTC One E9s comes packed with Dolby audio sound system and HTC boom sound technology to please your auditory senses. Now you get dynamic sound quality when watching movies or playing games on this phone.. This phone has 1.5 GHz Octa-core processor and comes with Mediatek technology that gives you blazingly fast speed while processing different applications simultaneously. To boosts its performance, the processor comes with 2GB RAM. The Smartphone runs on Android Lollipop operating system and comes packed with HTC BlinkFeed technology ensuring that you do not miss any important information about what’s happening around you. With this software, you get daily feeds which lets you stay connected with the world.. Backed with 2600 mAh Li-ion battery, the HTC One E9s gives you a talk-time period of 14 hours that keeps you entertained for one complete day. The phone comes covered with 1-year manufacturer warranty.. Display your life’s beauty with a stunning 5.5” screen, and capture all your can’t-miss moments with a 13MP main camera and HTC UltraPixel front facing camera. Dual colour design, soft grip finish and immersive audio you have to hear to believe. Meet the HTC One E9s dual sim: Beauty on Display.. Wrap your hands around the grip-friendly HTC One E9s dual sim, and you’ll instantly notice its soft-touch finish and dual colour look. Its thin 7 mm body easily fits your pocket or handbag, and its huge 5.5” screen displays eye-popping colours and graphic details.. The HTC One E9s dual sim comes with a pinless dual SIM card slot to double your performance. Access two different numbers and keep a separate business line with a different contact list. The HTC One E9s dual sim features HTC Sense Home with a location-detecting homescreen widget that gives you the apps you want, when you want them. You’ll get your calendar the minute you get to work, traffic updates for your drive home and dinner recipes as you pull into your driveway.. HTC BlinkFeed gives you a personalised feed of online data, including mealtime recommendations and events and updates for your area, wherever you are.. Customise the look and feel of your phone with HTC Themes, and change everything from your wallpaper, ring tone and more, based on your favourite photo.. With the HTC UltraPixel front-facing camera that captures over 300% more light than standard pixels, you’ll capture great selfies, day or night. A 13MP main camera with autofocus ensures that you’ll get every shot, and built-in HTC Eye Experience software lets you add Live Makeup, create Split Capture images and much, much more.. Group your photos and videos with easy organisation and search controls with the One Gallery. You can search locally stored footage, as well as photos and videos on select social media and online sites.* Plus, you can combine your photos and videos with your friend’s for footage from multiple points of view with the Zoe app.. Please see your local operator for complete details.. The HTC One E9s dual sim recreates a surround sound effect to deliver a cinematic experience. HTC BoomSound with Dolby Audio Surround provides optimised sound, even from multi-channel online sources like YouTube.*. Available both on HTC BoomSound audio and headphone modes, your films and games have never sounded better.. *Manufactured under licence from Dolby Laboratories. Dolby and Dolby Audio are trademarks or registered trademarks of Dolby Laboratories. HTC One E9s Dual SIM Mobile Phone Information. OS Android OS, v5.0 (Lollipop). Product Dimensions 15.8 x 0.8 x 8 cm. Batteries: 1 Lithium ion batteries required. Item model number One E9s Dual SIM. Wireless communication technologies Bluetooth, WiFi Hotspot. Connectivity technologies GSM / HSPA / LTE. Other camera features 13 MP, 4 MP. Whats in the box Handset, Charger and User Manual. #1,06,981 in Electronics ( See top 100 ). Electronics > Mobiles & Tablets > Smartphones & Basic Mobiles > Smartphones. Date First Available 4 November 2015. Warranty Details: 1 year manufacturer warranty for device and 6 months manufacturer warranty for in-box accessories including batteries from the date of purchase. Would you like to tell us about a lower price ? If you are a seller for this product, would you like to suggest updates through seller support ?. What other items do customers buy after viewing this item?. Moto G5s Plus (Lunar Grey, 64GB). Honor 7X (Blue, 4GB RAM + 32GB memory). Moto G5s Plus (Blush Gold, 64GB). Lenovo K8 Note (Venom Black, 4GB) with New System Update. 5 star 13% 4 star 22% 3 star 6% 2 star 6% 1 star 53%. Share your thoughts with other customers. There was a problem filtering reviews right now. 1.0 out of 5 stars Don't buy this phone, HTC stopped manufacturing this phone and spare parts.. HTC has stopped manufacturing this phone and its spares, even the phone is in warranty, damaged parts cannot be replaced, so don't buy it.. Was this review helpful to you?. 4.0 out of 5 stars better battery backup. Nyc phone, better battery backup , good camera quality as always with HTC products ,. Was this review helpful to you?. 1.0 out of 5 stars One Star. 0 Comment | Was this review helpful to you?. 1.0 out of 5 stars LCD work like 1st copy and got damaged in a month. 3rd class product and quality....LCD work like 1st copy and got damaged in a month. 0 Comment | Was this review helpful to you?. 1.0 out of 5 stars used mobile. product quality low nd used mobile dispatched. Was this review helpful to you?. 4.0 out of 5 stars super E9s. 0 Comment | Was this review helpful to you?. 4.0 out of 5 stars Four Stars. 0 Comment | Was this review helpful to you?. 2.0 out of 5 stars Camera also not good as I expected to be of better quality. Hangs for few sec, and lag in processing. Camera also not good as I expected to be of better quality. (I earlier had 626 and it had good camera it was nice and decent. But as it had 8 gb space so upgraded to 16 with this phone but it was not worth). 0 Comment | Was this review helpful to you?. Purchased this mobile when it was launched in 22000. Then screen got broken just after two month from fall of 1 feet with tempered glass. 1.0 out of 5 stars Worst mobile. This mobile heavy heating while charging also not much backup so please return and refund this Mobile. 1.0 out of 5 stars One Star. Display broken within one month on slightly slip Better to bye another company product but never htc. 1.0 out of 5 stars Display broken. As much as the product features and looks are tempting, the touch quality is extremely poor. 1.0 out of 5 stars Too easily breakable. don't buy !! poor display quality! no proper response from customer service! display broken within a week, even China phones are better than this. 1.0 out of 5 stars even China phones are better than this. 5.0 out of 5 stars Five Stars. No otg supported & Front camera is very bad.Touch Not A Proper Work. 1.0 out of 5 stars such a bad phone.. Never evr in ur life buy this phone..or any mobile of HTC.... its display is so weak...last year i bought it for 22000 n in jst few mnths its display broke twice n the display... 1.0 out of 5 stars useless mobile.. 1.0 out of 5 stars One Star. See and discover other items: HTC Smartphones & Basic Mobiles , htc phone , htc mobile , htc phones , htc desire 828 , htc new mobile. Unlimited FREE fast delivery, video streaming & more. Prime members enjoy FREE One-Day and Two-Day delivery on eligible items, unlimited video streaming, exclusive access to top deals & more.. About Us Careers Press Releases Amazon Cares Gift a Smile Facebook Twitter Instagram Sell on Amazon Become an Affiliate Fulfilment by Amazon Advertise Your Products Amazon Pay on Merchants Your Account Returns Centre 100% Purchase Protection Amazon Assistant Help. Australia Brazil Canada China France Germany Italy Japan Mexico Netherlands Spain United Kingdom United States. AbeBooks Books, art & collectibles. Amazon Web Services Scalable Cloud Computing Services. Audible Download Audio Books. DPReview Digital Photography. IMDb Movies, TV & Celebrities. Junglee.com Shop Online in India. Look.com Kids' Clothing & Shoes. Shopbop Designer Fashion Brands. Amazon Business Everything For Your Business. Souq.com Shop Online in the Middle East. Amazon Now 2-Hour Delivery on Everyday Items. Conditions of Use & Sale Privacy Notice Interest-Based Ads © 1996-2018, Amazon.com, Inc. 
JavaScript seems to be disabled in your browser. For the best experience on our site, be sure to turn on Javascript in your browser.. Laptops & Computers Mobiles & Tablets Accessories & Cases Apple Store. Laptops Acer Apple Asus Dell Hp Lenovo Microsoft MSI All Others Printers Laser Inkjet All in One Paper Shredders Toner & Ink Catridges Scanners Flatbed Sheetfed Software AntiVirus & Security Office Suites Operating Systems All Others Desktops Branded Systems All in One LED Monitors Dell Hp Samsung LG All Others Networking IP Cameras Range Extenders Routers Wireless Dongles Projectors Projectors Projector Screens Presenters. LOOKING FOR ? LAPTOP ACCESSORIES - BATTERIES - ADAPTERS |. Smartphones Blackberry HTC Huawei iPhone Lenovo LG Nokia Motorola Oppo OnePlus Samsung Xperia Xiaomi All Others Tablets Dell Hp Huawei iPad Lenovo Microsoft Samsung All Others Wearable Gadgets Apple Watch Fitness Bands Smart Watch. LOOKING FOR ? PHONE & TABLET ACCESSORIES |. Laptop Bags Backpack Messenger Sleeve Top Loading Trolley Bag Storage Devices Memory Card USB Flash drive External Hard Drive Wireless Hard Drive Internal Hard Drive External and Internal SSD External Optical Drive Headphones Earphone Sports Earphone Gaming Headphone Bluetooth Headphone Headphones & Headsets Keyboard & Mice Mouse Keyboard Keyboard and Mouse Combo Gaming Mouse & Keyboard Laptop Accessories Laptop Adapter Laptop Battery Laptop Memory Power & Cables Cooling Pad Presenters Security Lock Miscellaneous Phone & Tablet Accessories Cables Power bank Car Charger Wall Charger Memory Card Screen Protector Bluetooth Speaker Mobile & Tablet Cases. POPULAR: LAPTOP BATTERY - ADAPTER |. Macbook Macbook Macbook Air Macbook Pro Mac iMac Mac Pro Mac Mini Apple Display iPhone iPhone 7 iPhone 7 Plus iPhone SE iPhone 8 New iPhone 8 Plus iPhone X Hot! Older iPhones iPad iPad (2017) New iPad Pro New iPad Mini 4 Older iPads iPod iPod Touch iPod Nano iPod Shuffle Watch Watch Watch SPORT Watch EDITION Watch HERMÉS iAccessories iStorage Mac Software Power & Cables Keyboard & Mice iTunes Gift Cards iPhone & iPad Covers. POPULAR: MACBOOK PRO |. Skip to Content Compare Products ( ) Sign In Create an Account. Home HTC | One - E9s Dual Sim. HTC | One - E9s Dual Sim. Be the first to review this product. Delivery in 3 - 6 Days. More Information Model One E9s Version Dual SIM SIM Type Nano Powered by 1.5 GHz Octa-Core OS Detail Android 5.1 (Lollipop) Network 4G Network Detail GSM band: 850/900/1800/1900 WCDMA band: 850/900/1900/2100 LTE band:1(2100), 3(1800), 5(850), 7(2600), 8(900), 28(700), 38(2600), 39(1900), 40(2300), 41(2500) Connectivity WiFi, Bluetooth Connectors 3.5 mm, Headset Jack, Micro-USB Screen. Size (inch) 5.5 Screen Resolution 720 x 1280 RAM 2 GB Internal Storage 16 GB Card Slot microSD Max Card Supported 128 GB Back Camera 13 MP Camera Features Auto focus, Flash, 1080p video recording, Geotagging, HDR, Panorama Front Camera 4 MP Sensors Accelerometer, Compass, GPS, Gyroscope, Light sensor, NFC, Proximity sensor Audio HTC BoomSound™ with Dolby Audio™ Battery Type Removable, Li-ion Battery (mAh) 2600 Dimensions 157.7 x 79.7 x 7.64 mm Manufacturer Link Additional Information Weight 165 g Availability Delivery in 3 - 6 Days Warranty Check Warranty + Manufacturer Warranty Color Black Color Detail Also in Luxury White Color. Display your life’s beauty with a stunning 5.5” screen, and capture all your can’t-miss moments with a 13MP main camera and HTC UltraPixel™ front facing camera. Dual colour design, soft grip finish and immersive audio you have to hear to believe. Meet the HTC One E9s dual sim: Beauty on Display.. Wrap your hands around the grip-friendly HTC One E9s dual sim, and you’ll instantly notice its soft-touch finish and dual colour look. Its thin 7 mm body easily fits your pocket or handbag, and its huge 5.5” screen displays eye-popping colours and graphic details.. The HTC One E9s dual sim features HTC Sense™ Home with a location-detecting homescreen widget that gives you the apps you want, when you want them. You’ll get your calendar the minute you get to work, traffic updates for your drive home and dinner recipes as you pull into your driveway.. HTC BlinkFeed™ gives you a personalised feed of online data, including mealtime recommendations and events and updates for your area, wherever you are.. Customise the look and feel of your phone with HTC Themes, and change everything from your wallpaper, ring tone and more, based on your favourite photo.. The HTC One E9s dual sim recreates a surround sound effect to deliver a cinematic experience. HTC BoomSound™ with Dolby Audio™ Surround provides optimised sound, even from multi-channel online sources like YouTube.*. Available both on HTC BoomSound audio and headphone modes, your films and games have never sounded better.. The HTC One E9s dual sim comes with a pinless dual SIM card slot to double your performance. Access two different numbers and keep a separate business line with a different contact list. With its sleek, dual-tone design and a massive 5.5” display screen, the HTC One E9s dual sim gives you productivity and performance in style.. Its Octa-Core processor gives you blistering performance speeds and its HTC UltraPixel™ front facing camera provides great shots, even in low light conditions.. You're reviewing: HTC | One - E9s Dual Sim Your Rating. 1 star 2 stars 3 stars 4 stars 5 stars. 1 star 2 stars 3 stars 4 stars 5 stars. 1 star 2 stars 3 stars 4 stars 5 stars. CALL 03 111 222 325. For direct mobile numbers, contact us. Write to us at kp.pohsym@suksa. Address: UGF 7, Century Tower, Kalma Chowk, Gulberg III, Lahore, Pakistan. Working Days/Hours: Mon - Sat / 10:40AM - 8:20PM. Get all the latest information on Events, Sales and Offers. 
HTC One E9s Dual Sim mobile phone overview, HTC One E9s Dual Sim prices and specifications.. HTC One E9s Dual Sim mob. org » Mobile phones catalogue » HTC. HTC One E9s Dual Sim specifications. Select brand Apple Fly HTC LG Motorola Nokia Samsung Sony-Ericsson Alcatel BenQ-Siemens Mobiado Philips Sagem Vertu 3Q 4Good Acer AEG AGGRESSOR AIEK Ainol AirOn AKMobile AllView Amazon AMOI Ampe AnexTEK ANYCOOL AnyDATA Archos Ark Assistant ASTRO ASUS Audiovox bb-mobile BBK BELLFORT Benefon BenQ Bird BlackBerry Blackview Bliss BLU Bluboo Borton Bosch BQ BRAVIS Caterpillar Changhong Cherry Mobile CHUWI Colorfly Conquest Contixo Coolpad CROWN Cube Cubot Daewoo Dboiz DELL DESTEN DEXP Digma Discovery Dmobo DNS Donod DOOGEE Doro Phoneeasy Dunobil E-ten ECOO Effire EKEN Elari Elenberg Elephone Emol Emote Energy Sistem eNOL Eplutus Ergo Ericsson ESTAR Etuline EVOLVEO Evromedia Explay Ferguson FLYCAT FREETEL Fujitsu Fujitsu-Siemens G-Plus Garmin Garmin Asus Gazer General Mobile GEO-MOBILE GEOFOX Getac Giga GigaByte Gigaset Ginza Ginzzu Gionee Globex GOCLEVER GoldStar GoldVish Google Gresso Grundig GSmart Gtran Haier Highscreen Hisense Hitachi HOLLEY COMMUNICATIONS HOMTOM HP Huawei Hugerock Hyundai i-Mate i-Mobile iBall IconBit IEI iKids Impression iNew INFINIX InFocus Innos Innostream INTEX Aqua iOcean IQM Irbis iRu Irulu IUNI Jeka Jiayu Jinga JOA Telecom Jolla Just5 Karbonn Kata Kazam KENEKSI Kenned KENXINDA Kiano KingSing KINGZONE Konka KREZ Krome Kruger&Matz Kyocera Lark Lava Leagoo Lenco Lenovo LeTV LEXAND Luckystar Luxpad Magic Manta MaxCom Maxon Maxvi Mediacom MEDION Meizu Micromax Microsoft MicroXperts MIJUE Mitac Mito Mitsubishi Mlais Modecom MTS MyPhone MyTab MyWigo NEC Neffos NeoNode Newgen Newman NO.1 Nomi NOUS NTT NVIDIA O2 OINOM Onda OnePlus OPlus Oppo ORRO ORSiO OUKITEL Overmax Oysters Palm Panasonic Pantech Pantech-Curitel Perfeo Phicomm PiPO Pixus Plark PlayPad PocketBook Point of View Porsche Premier Prestigio PULWIN Qmobile Qtek Qumo RangerFone Reellex RITZVIVA Roadmax Rolsen Rover PC RoverPad RugGear Runbo S-TELL Sanyo Seals Seekwood Sendo Senseit SerteC Sewon Sharp Siemens Sigma mobile Siswoo Sitronics SK Skylink SkyTiger Skyvox Smartisan SMS Technology Australia SoftBank Song Sonim Sony Soutec Stark SUGAR Supra Synertek T-Mobile Teclast Tel.me. Tele2 TELEFUNKEN Tengda Tesla TeXet ThL Tonino Lamborghini Toplux Torex Torson Toshi Toshiba TrekStar Turbo TurboKids TurboPad TwinMOS Ubiquam Uhans Ulefone UMI Venso Verico Vernee VERSIYA VERTEX Videocon ViewSonic Viking VK Corporation Vkworld Voxtel Watchtech Wexler Wiko Wileyfox Withus X-Digital Xcute xDevice Xiaomi XOLO Yarvik YEZZ Yota Zakang Zetta Zopo ZTE ZUK Билайн МегаФон. Select model 10 10 Evo 10 Lifestyle 11 7 Mozart 7 Pro 7 Surround 7 Trophy Advantage Ruby Artemis Athena Breeze MTeoR Butterfly 2 Butterfly 3 Butterfly S ChaCha Desire Desire 10 Lifestyle Desire 10 Pro Desire 200 Desire 210 Dual SIM Desire 300 Desire 310 Desire 320 Desire 326G dual sim Desire 400 Dual Sim Desire 500 Desire 510 Desire 516 Dual SIM Desire 526G Dual Sim Desire 530 Desire 600 Desire 601 Desire 610 Desire 626 Desire 626G+ Desire 628 Desire 628 Dual Sim Desire 630 Desire 650 Desire 700 Desire 728 Desire 728G Dual Sim Desire 816 Desire 816G Desire 820 Desire 820G+ Desire 825 dual sim Desire 826 Desire 828 Desire 828 dual sim Desire 830 Desire C Desire Eye Desire HD Desire S Desire SV Desire V Desire VC Desire VT Desire X Desire Z Dream Droid Incredible Elf Erato EVO 3D EVO 4G Excalibur Explorer First Gene Google Nexus One Gratia HD7 HD mini Herald Hero Hero CDMA Imagio Incredible S J Butterfly Legend Leo HD2 Love Magic MAX 4G Mini + Mogul Nexus 9 Nike One One A9 One A9s One E8 One E9s Dual Sim One E9 Plus One M10 One M8 One M8s One (M8) for Windows One M9 One M9s One M9 Plus One M9 Plus Supreme Camera One M9 Prime Camera One Max One ME One mini One mini 2 One S One S9 One SV One V One X One X10 One X9 One XL One X+ Oxygen Ozone Panda Pharos Radar Raider 4G Rhyme Cavalier S740 Salsa Sensation Sensation XE Sensation XL Shift Sirius Smart Snap Tattoo Titan Tornado Touch2 Touch 3G Touch Cruise Polaris Touch Cruise Lolite Touch Diamond2 Touch Diamond CDMA Touch Diamond P3490 Touch Diamond P3700 Touch HD Blackstone Touch Touch Pro2 Touch Pro CDMA Touch Pro Touch Viva Trinity TyTN TyTN 2 TyTN Pro U11 U11 Dual Sim U11 Plus U play U Play EEA U Ultra U Ultra EEA Velocity 4G Vox Wildfire Wildfire S Windows Phone 8S Windows Phone 8X Wings Wizard. All for HTC One E9s Dual Sim. HTC One E9s Dual Sim phone. Wallpapers for HTC One E9s Dual Sim. Games for HTC One E9s Dual Sim. Android games for HTC One E9s Dual Sim. Live wallpapers for HTC One E9s Dual Sim. Games for HTC One E9s Dual Sim. Ringtones for HTC One E9s Dual Sim. Themes for HTC One E9s Dual Sim. HTC LG Samsung Motorola Fly Sony-Ericsson Apple Nokia. Mobiado Vertu BenQ-Siemens Sagem Alcatel Philips. BRAVIS Digma Energy Sistem KREZ Kata Oppo OnePlus RugGear Wexler Impression Xiaomi SUGAR Cubot UMI DOOGEE BQ iOcean iNew KENEKSI Karbonn GSmart Jinga DNS Ginzzu Maxvi ThL Sigma mobile OPlus Torex Elephone DEXP Zopo KingSing InFocus Jolla 3Q 4Good AEG AGGRESSOR AIEK Ainol AirOn AKMobile AllView Amazon Ampe AnexTEK ANYCOOL AnyDATA Archos Ark Assistant ASTRO Audiovox bb-mobile Билайн BELLFORT Benefon Blackview Bliss BLU Bluboo Borton Caterpillar Cherry Mobile CHUWI Colorfly Conquest Contixo Coolpad CROWN Cube Dboiz DESTEN Discovery Dmobo Donod Doro Phoneeasy Dunobil ECOO Effire EKEN Elari Elenberg Emote eNOL Eplutus Ergo ESTAR Etuline EVOLVEO Evromedia Explay Ferguson FLYCAT FREETEL Fujitsu G-Plus Garmin Garmin Asus Gazer General Mobile GEO-MOBILE GEOFOX Getac Gigaset Gionee Globex GOCLEVER GoldStar GoldVish Google Gresso Gtran Highscreen HOMTOM Hugerock i-Mate i-Mobile iBall IconBit IEI iKids INFINIX Innos INTEX Aqua IQM Irbis iRu Irulu IUNI Jeka Jiayu JOA Telecom Just5 Kazam Kenned KENXINDA Kiano KINGZONE Krome Kruger&Matz Lark Lava Leagoo Lenco LeTV LEXAND Luckystar Luxpad Magic Manta MaxCom Mediacom MEDION МегаФон Micromax MicroXperts MIJUE Mito Mlais Modecom MTS MyPhone MyTab MyWigo NEC Neffos NeoNode Newgen Newman NO.1 Nomi NOUS NTT NVIDIA O2 OINOM Onda ORRO ORSiO OUKITEL Overmax Oysters Palm Perfeo Phicomm PiPO Pixus Plark PlayPad PocketBook Point of View Premier Prestigio PULWIN Qmobile Qtek Qumo RangerFone Reellex RITZVIVA Roadmax Rolsen Rover PC RoverPad Runbo S-TELL Seals Seekwood Sendo Senseit SerteC Sewon Siswoo Sitronics SK Skylink SkyTiger Skyvox Smartisan SMS Technology Australia Song Sonim Stark Supra Synertek T-Mobile Teclast Tel.me. Tele2 TELEFUNKEN Tengda Tesla TeXet Tonino Lamborghini Torson Toshi TrekStar Turbo TurboKids TurboPad TwinMOS Ubiquam Uhans Ulefone Venso Verico Vernee VERSIYA VERTEX Videocon Viking VK Corporation Vkworld Voxtel Wiko Wileyfox Withus X-Digital Xcute xDevice XOLO Yarvik YEZZ Yota Zakang Zetta ZUK Sanyo Mitsubishi Toshiba ZTE Kyocera Innostream ViewSonic Porsche E-ten Huawei Watchtech ASUS HOLLEY COMMUNICATIONS Soutec Bosch AMOI Sharp Daewoo Toplux Acer Fujitsu-Siemens Konka Microsoft HP DELL Giga GigaByte Hitachi BenQ Emol Panasonic Grundig BBK Pantech-Curitel Pantech Hisense Haier Ericsson Hyundai Mitac Sony Maxon Lenovo Siemens SoftBank Ginza Changhong Meizu Bird BlackBerry. You can not compare more 50 models. First you have to remove one of the already added phones.. Phone release year:2015 Classic Dual SIM GSM (900, 1800, 1900) CDMA (450, 800) Weight: 165 gr. Touchscreen IPS-display Resolution: 720x1280 pixels ColorScreen size: 5.5 inch.. Internal memory: 16384 Mb Memory card: microSD (TransFlash). Please, select version of your platform. Why do I need to select the version of my platform?. To select compatible games for your device, we need to know the version of your platform.. How to find out the version of my platform?. HTC One E9s Dual Sim overview, full specifications and prices.. 
HTC One E9s dual sim Price in the Philippines and Specification. HTC One E9s dual sim is a 5.5inch (720 x 1280) of display, 16GB of storage, 13MP of main camera.. 2G, 3G, 4G (LTE), 16GB, 2GB ... Please wait for price information to be registered.. Video of HTC One E9s dual sim. HTC One E9s/E9sw Dual Sim : Unboxing & First Look (New Lanuch). Specs of HTC One E9s dual sim. microSDXC card slot, up to 2TB. , Talk time: 22.4 hours for 2G/ 14.9 hours for 3G. , Standby time:Up to 554 hours for 2G/ 631 hours for 3G. , TDD: Bands 38, 39, 40, 41. HSPA 42.2/5.76 Mbps, LTE Cat4 150/50 Mbps. 156.5 x 76.5 x 7.49 mm. About HTC One E9s dual sim. HTC One E9s Dual SIM is looking to dominate the Philippines market. Powerful 2800 mAh non removable battery. Dual Nano SIM functionality with 4G LTE support. Assistive proximity and ambient light sensors. Pricing might be an issue in the Pinoy markets since there is a lot of competition. Screen resolution might not appeal to high end users who are looking for higher resolution displays. HTC's first venture in the Filipino markets was way back in 2008, with their 2nd generation Android smart phones. This Taiwan based company swiftly adjusted its price and device specifications to suit the local markets in the Philippines. Since then, it has improved a lot on market placements and device configuration. So it is quite natural that HTC One E9s dual SIM has performed brilliantly in the Philippines.. There has been a lot of hypothesis regarding the performance and stability of HTC One E9s dual SIM, which was launched back in October 2015. The Taiwan based smart phone company rolled out this device in all major South Asian markets, including Philippines and Malaysia.. So far, its performance reviews have been quite favorable in the Pinoy markets, in addition to its popularity and delivery. The device's high resolution display has certainly attracted many users in the Filipino community. Along with that, HTC's good customer service has further cemented its brand in the Philippines.. The Filipino community is very inclined on good hardware configuration when it comes to mobile or other handheld devices. So, HTC One E9s dual SIM is packed with powerful features in its hardware sector.. This model is equipped with a powerful Octa-core MediaTek helio X10 processor and a compatible MT6752M chipset. The whole setup is clocked at 2.0 GHz, which is absolutely incredible for any smart phone. It can handle seamless multi-tasking, along with extensive support for higher tier applications and games.. HTC One E9s dual SIM also comes with 2 GB of RAM and 16 GB of internal storage. Additional external storage can be easily expanded up to 128 GB with the support of a microSDXC card.. The display features of HTC One E9s dual SIM feel very similar to its predecessor HTC One models. HTC One E9s dual SIM comes with 5.5 inch LED display that can support a max resolution i.e. The overall display build feels rich and vibrant with a 267 pixels per inch (PPI) density.. Since the dimensions of this model stay pretty standard as 156.5 x 76.5 x 7.49 mm, with its screen size, the whole device feels comfortable to hold, without any clunky edges. It weighs around 148 grams, so it is quite light as well.. HTC One E9s dual SIM comes with a 13 MP primary rear camera, with LED flash and auto focus. It also has a 4 MP secondary front camera for video calling and selfies. Dual camera setups are very popular in a handheld device in the Philippines, so HTC gets a point in this sector as well.. As far as the user interface of this smart phone is concerned, HTC One E9s dual SIM runs on Android Lollipop 5.0.2 operating system, along with HTC's own Sense 7 UI on top of it. Even though users do not get a stock Lollipop UI, HTC's Sense 7.0 turns out to be very user friendly and responsive while operating the device.. Despite covering most of the essential features of HTC One E9s dual SIM in the above sections, there is a lot that this device has to offer. Let's take a look at some other features:. Even though HTC One E9s dual SIM looks like a great device and works even better, there are certain areas which could do with some improvements. Let's take a look at very few cons that is present in this smart phone:. HTC One E9s dual SIM is a well-constructed device with lots of functionality. If its high price tag does not make a difference to you, then it is absolutely worth taking a look.. Reviews of HTC One E9s dual sim. User Review : 2 Reviews. Having a very very new smartphone is very glad and happy cause I have a latest phone its HTC One E9s dual sim its ... HTC One E9s dual sim ang latest na smartphone ngayon. Ang astig ng design at ang display din. Write a review on this product. Read more reviews on this product. Forum of HTC One E9s dual sim. HTC One E9s dual sim I just wanna know what is the best remedy when your gadget had slow downloading some files? Thansk. Last updated : Apr 26, 2017. Replies of This topic : 2 Replies. wanna ask the gentlemen and women here on where can I see some service center for my unit? Thank you and great afternoon to all.. Last updated : Nov 23, 2016. Replies of This topic : 0 Replies. Good afternoon guys, I wanna know if this HTC One E9s dual sim be upgradable to a higher operating system? Thank you for helping.. Last updated : Sep 16, 2016. Replies of This topic : 1 Replies. Gandang araw sa lahat...gusto ko sanang makahingi ng initial price ng inyong dinidisplay na HTC One E9s dual sim? Thank you sa mga inpormasyon.. Last updated : Jul 12, 2016. Replies of This topic : 1 Replies. Gusto ko po sanang magkaroon ng ganitong unit ng mobile phone. aso hindi ko alam saan ako makakabili ng ganito, hindi ko kasi nakikita ito sa malls. Saan ba may HTC center dito?. Last updated : Feb 25, 2016. Replies of This topic : 1 Replies. Start a topic on this product. View the forum on this product. Compared to HTC One E9s dual sim. 5.5 inches, 1440 x 2560 p... 2G, 3G, 4G (LTE), 128GB, ... 6 inches, 2880 x 1440 pixels. 2G, 3G, 4G (LTE), 64GB, 1... 2G, 3G, 4G (LTE), 64GB, 4GB. 5.0 inches, 1080 x 1920 p... 2G, 3G, 4G (LTE), 16GB, 3... 5.7 inches, 2560 x 1440 p... 2G, 3G, 4G (LTE), 64GB, 4GB. Most viewed ranking for HTC Mobile Phones. View Mode: PC | Mobile. Please be aware that we cannot guarantee that all the information shown, such as prices, specs, images, etc. Prices and stock availability for each shop are always changing. If you are considering making a purchase, please refer to the merchant's page to ensure that you have the most up-to-date information. In order to use this website and its services, users must consent to and abide by the Terms of Use. By accessing or using any area of this website, you hereby agree to be legally bound and abide by the Terms.. Copyright © Priceprice.com All rights reserved. (Produced by kakaku.com that is Japan's No.1 Comparison Website). 
Sign Up Login My Account ▾ Compare ▾. Mobiles ▾ Laptops ▾ Tablets ▾ Smartwatches ▾ TVs ▾ Refrigerators ▾ Microwaves ▾ Washing Machines ▾ Air Conditioners ▾ More Categories ▾. Samsung Apple OnePlus Motorola Xiaomi Asus Oppo Vivo. Upto Rs 5,000 Upto Rs 10,000 Upto Rs 15,000 Upto Rs 20,000 Upto Rs 30,000 View All Mobiles. 4G Phones Big Battery 4GB RAM Big Screen Android Mobile Phones 32GB Storage Fingerprint scanner. Dell HP Lenovo Apple Acer Asus. 10,000 Up to Rs. 15,000 Up to Rs. 20,000 Up to Rs. 30,000 Up to Rs. 40,000 Up to Rs. 50,000 Up to Rs. 2 in 1 Laptops Core i5 Laptops Touchscreen Laptops Full HD Laptops 8GB RAM Laptops Core i7 Laptops Laptops with SSD. Apple Samsung Lenovo Micromax Asus Microsoft. 10,000 Up to Rs. 15,000 Up to Rs. 20,000 Up to Rs. 30,000 Up to Rs. Tablet with Calling Facility 4G Tablets All iPads Samsung Galaxy Tablets 3G Tablets. Apple Motorola LG Samsung. 10,000 Up to Rs. 20,000 Up to Rs. 30,000 Up to Rs. Samsung Sony LG VU Videocon Panasonic Onida Philips. 10,000 Up to Rs. 20,000 Up to Rs. 30,000 Up to Rs. 40,000 Up to Rs. 3D TVs Curved TVs Smart TVs 32-inch TVs 40-inch TVs LED TVs Full HD TVs. Samsung LG Whirlpool Videocon Godrej Haier Panasonic Electrolux. 10,000 Up to Rs. 20,000 Up to Rs. 30,000 Up to Rs. 40,000 Up to Rs. Single Door Refrigerators Double Door Refrigerators Triple Door Refrigerators Mini Refrigerators Refrigerators with water dispenser 5 Star Rated Refrigerators. LG Samsung IFB Bajaj Electrolux Onida Kenstar Godrej. 5,000 Up to Rs. 7,000 Up to Rs. 10,000 Up to Rs. 15,000 Up to Rs. Grill Microwave Ovens Convection Microwave Ovens Microwave Oven with Convection and Grill Microwave Oven with 1 Year Warranty Microwave Oven with 2 Year Warranty. LG Samsung Panasonic IFB Videocon Whirlpool Bosch Godrej. 10,000 Up to Rs. 20,000 Up to Rs. 30,000 Up to Rs. 50,000 Up to Rs. 60,000 View All Washing Machines. Fully Automatic Washing Machines Semi Automatic Washing Machines Top Loading Washing Machines Front Loading Washing Machines Washer and Dryer Washing Machine with Heater. Voltas Samsung LG Mitsubishi Whirlpool Blue Star General Hitachi. 25,000 Up to Rs. 30,000 Up to Rs. 35,000 Up to Rs. 40,000 Up to Rs. 50,000 Up to Rs. 60,000 View All Air Conditioners. 5 Star Rated Air Conditioners 4 Star Rated Air Conditioners 3 Star Rated Air Conditioners 1.5 Ton Split Air Conditioners 1 Ton Split Air Conditioners Window Air Conditioners Split Air Conditioners. Printers External Hard Disks (HDD) Routers Point and Shoot Cameras DSLR Cameras Fitness Tracker Gaming Consoles. Home Mobile Phones HTC HTC One E9s Dual Sim. Price Specs Quick Review Video News Similar User Reviews Write a Review. HTC One E9s Dual Sim Price by. 62 Value For Money Better Options?. We calculate this score by comparing the specs, price & brand of this product to similarly priced products.. / 10 General Specifications 9. Save Money - Get Price Drop Alerts!. Great! Don't forget to click the confirmation link sent to your email.. Buy HTC One E9s Dual Sim In India at These Prices. 9,990 Go to Store Roast Chestnut Rs. 10,900 Go to Store white Rs. 11,299 Go to Store Roast Chestnut Rs. Extra 5% off* with Axis Bank Buzz Credit Card. First time mobile buyers, Get Extra 10% off on your next purchase on select fashion products. white - Out of Stock Roast Chestnut - Out of Stock. Grey - Out of Stock. Roast Chestnut - Out of Stock. HTC One E9s Dual Sim Full Features & Specifications. / 10 See Better Options Screen Size 5.5 inch Screen Resolution 1280 x 720 pixels Screen Type LCD Pixel Density 267 PPI Bezel Less No Chipset. / 10 See Better Options Brand MediaTek Processor Speed 1.5GHz Processor MediaTek MT6752M Processor Type Octa-Core RAM 2GB 7. / 10 Graphics Mali-T760 MP2 Camera. / 10 See Better Options Rear Camera Resolution 13MP Dual Rear Camera No Front Camera Resolution 4MP Dual Selfie Camera No Camera Details Geo-tagging, Touch Focus, Face Detection, Panorama, HDR Video Recording Resolution Full HD Video Recording (1080p) Camera Features Autofocus, LED Flash General Specifications Operating System Android OS Version Android 5.0 Lollipop OS Detail HTC Sense UI 7.0 Device Type Touchscreen USB Connector Type Micro USB Features GPS, FM Radio Sensors Accelerometer, Proximity Sensor, Ambient Light Dimensions (mm) 157.7 x 79.7 x 7.64 Weight 165 grams Connectivity 4G LTE (India Compatible), 3G, 2G, WiFi, Bluetooth Headphone Jack Type 3.5mm Color white, Roast Chestnut, Grey Build Material Plastic Device Warranty 1 Year Warranty Details 1 year manufacturer warranty for device and 6 months manufacturer warranty for in-box accessories including batteries from the date of purchase In The Box Device, Charger, User Manual Storage. / 10 See Better Options Internal Storage 16GB Card Slot Yes Maximum Card Slot Capacity 128GB OTG Support No Communication SIM Card Slots Dual Network Type GSM SIM Card Type Nano SIM SIM 1 Details 4G, 3G, 2G, Nano SIM SIM 2 Details 4G, 3G, 2G, Nano SIM Hybrid SIM (microSD + SIM) No 2G Bands GSM 850 / 900 / 1800 / 1900 3G Bands HSDPA 850 / 900 / 1900 / 2100 4G Bands LTE band 1(2100), 3(1800), 5(850), 7(2600), 8(900), 38(2600), 39(1900), 40(2300), 41(2500) Battery. / 10 See Better Options Battery Capacity 2600mAh Battery Type Lithium-ion (Li-ion) Removable Battery Yes Wireless Charging No Fast Charging No. Note: Scores are assigned in comparison to similarly priced products. HTC One E9s Dual Sim Price in India. of HTC One E9s Dual Sim. for HTC One E9s Dual Sim collected from popular online stores. Pricebaba does not charge you anything extra for its services.. Pricebaba can help you save Rs. Flipkart, Amazon , eBay & Shopclues. is available for buying HTC One E9s Dual Sim if you are using your credit card. Cash on Delivery (COD) can also be availed depending on your location. HTC One E9s Dual Sim can be delivered at the above price across 100's of Indian cities including. HTC One E9s Dual Sim Price In India. by setting a price drop alert with us. We expect all sellers listed above to provide a valid tax invoice for any purchase you make.. HTC One E9s Dual Sim All Prices. Seller(s) of HTC One E9s Dual Sim Latest Price Amazon.in Rs. HTC One E9s Dual Sim Features. The display on the HTC One E9s Dual SIM is 5.5 inch and comes with a resolution of 720P, giving it a pixel density of 267. At the price point of the device, there are several phones like the Mi4 or even the OnePlus One that come with a Full HD 1080P displays. It is powered by a Mediatek MT6752M Octa Core chip and has Mali-T760MP2 for GPU. HTC One E9s Dual SIM comes with 16 GB internal memory and 2 GB of RAM. If you need more space, there is a slot for expansion via a MicroSD card slot. The rear camera on the smartphone is 13 MP and the front camera is a 4 MP camera that HTC has been calling the UltraPixel camera , right from the days when it was a primary camera on the HTC One M7. One of the features that the E9s Dual SIM brings of the top HTC One flagship devices is the Boomsound speakers which, essentially are surround sound speakers on the front of the device. As indicative by the name, the E9s Dual comes with support for two active SIM cards with LTE support. The battery here is 2600 mAh.. The HTC One E9s Dual SIM is the most diminutive member of the HTC One family when it comes to pricing. The device was launched in the aftermath of a rather unfortunate performance of the HTC One M9+ , the current flagship of 2015 as a device to attract an audience that was looking for a beautifully crafted Android phone on a budget. Unlike the signature phones in the HTC One lineup, the HTC One E9s does not come with a metallic unibody construction. Instead, the phone features a Dual colour design with a soft-touch finish to it. The device looks really familiar to the HTC One M9+ until you hold one up close and start noticing the different, none bigger than the construction material. Some of the specifications of the HTC One E9s Dual SIM are:. HTC One E9s Dual Sim Price History. Save Money - Get Price Drop Alerts!. Great! Don't forget to click the confirmation link sent to your email.. 4G Mobile Phones Price 13MP - 16MP Camera Phones Below Rs 10000 Price In India Android Mobile Phones Price All Mobiles Price In India Phones Between Rs. 10,000 Price Budget Mobile Phones (Low Cost) Price In India Upcoming Mobile Phones Price Android Mobile Phones under Rs. 5,000 Price In India Yxtel Mobile Phones Price Itel Mobile Phones Price In India. Xiaomi Redmi Note 5 Infinix Hot S3 Xiaomi Redmi 5 Xiaomi Redmi 4 Prime Itel it1518 Huawei Honor 6S. HTC One E9s Dual Sim Ratings. User Reviews for HTC One E9s Dual Sim (Total: 2). By Vishesh Dutta on November 18, 2017. HTC ONE E9s has the interface is much, much closer to stock Android than ever.The smooth back of the phone is still really nice, Bluetooth taking too much power.There are some good elements to the power situation, as QuickCharge 2.0 is enabled from the outset.The same is true of wireless charging. Improved camera Awesome design Good Marshmallow mix. Battery life too poor Some rattling in case Cost too high. Was this review helpful? 0 0. By Dinesh Yadav on December 21, 2017. HTC always eyes on premium built quality, but apart from this the phone has a mix of Dolby and BoomSound audio enhancements which is definitely a boon for music lover like me. Though poor battery life disappoints me at the same time.. Ultra pixel selfie camera Premium built quality Dolby and BoomSound audio enhancements. Poor battery backup Lags at times Heats up while gaming. Was this review helpful? 0 0. Have you used this product? Write a review of HTC One E9s Dual Sim. 2 Pricebaba users have written their experience with HTC One E9s Dual Sim. If you own HTC One E9s Dual Sim, please do leave your feedback too. Your review would help fellow shoppers take an informed decision.. 5 4 3 2 1 Submit. (Each pro separated by new line). (Each con separated by new line). Articles Related to HTC One E9s Dual Sim. HTC U11 EYEs Specs, Renders Leaked Before January 15 Unveil. M-tech Foto 3 – Dual Rear Cameras for Rs. An Interesting Story of How Google’s Find my Device Helped Recover a Lost Sma.... Redmi Note 5 and Note 5 Pro Launched in India, Starting at Rs. Nokia 7 Plus and Nokia 1 Leaked Yet Again. Intex Aqua Lions T1 Lite With Selfie Flash Launched. Budget Friendly Comio S1 Lite and C2 Lite Launched. Ziox Duopix F9 with Dual Selfie Cameras Launched. Moto Z2 Force Goes Official for Rs. 34,999 in India with Unbreakable Display,.... Infinix Hot S3 with 20MP Selfie Camera Launched in India starting at Rs. Smartron t.Phone P Launched: A Phone with an Unusual Name and a Massive Battery. Nokia 7 Plus Images and Specifications Leaked. Similar to HTC One E9s Dual Sim. Talk about HTC One E9s Dual Sim, ask your questions!. Please enable JavaScript to view the comments.. 9,298 is the Best Price In India for HTC One E9s Dual Sim, last updated on February 26, 2018. Samsung Mobile Android Smartphones Vivo Mobiles in India Xiaomi Mi Phones LYF Mobiles All Brands. Home Blog About Us FAQs Contact Us Careers Terms of use Privacy Policy. 100 Million Smiles & Counting Phone Checker App. © 2012-2018 Pricebaba ™ All rights reserved. All trademarks / logos / brands are the property of their respective owners.. Report an error on this page. 
Apple Google HTC Huawei LG Motorola Nokia OnePlus Samsung Sony Xiaomi. Home Smartphones Htc One E9s dual sim. HTC One E9s dual sim Specs and review. HTC One E9s dual sim is smartphone from 2015 year. For its performance cares processor Octa-core, Cortex-A53 with operating frequency of 1500Mhz. The device's screen is 5.5 inches. The camera has a sensor of 13 MP. For the life of the phone cares battery with capacity of 2600 mAh. The smartphone comes with operating system Android OS, v5.0 (Lollipop). This is just a short description. For detailed specifications and all features refer to the table below and leave your comments.. Front camera 4 MP (1/3'' sensor size, 2Âµm pixel size), 1080p@30fps, HDR. Operating system (OS) Android OS, v5.0 (Lollipop). Processor 1 (CPU) 1500 MHz, Octa-core, Cortex-A53. External memory microSD, up to 128 GB. Internal memory 16 GB, 2 GB RAM. GSM 850 / 900 / 1800 / 1900 - SIM 1 & SIM 23G bands. HSDPA 850 / 900 / 1900 / 2100. LTE band 1(2100), 3(1800), 5(850), 7(2600), 8(900), 38(2600), 39(1900), 40(2300), 41(2500). Dimension (HxWxD, mm) 157.7 Ð¥ 79.7 Ð¥ 7.6. SIM card Dual SIM (Nano-SIM, dual stand-by). - Active noise cancellation with dedicated mic. - Geo-tagging, touch focus, face detection, panorama, HDR. HTC One E9s dual sim - comments and opinions. HTC One E9s dual sim Video review - unboxing, speed, camera .... Did you find an error in the catalog? Tell us about it and we will fix it as soon as possible.. If you want to thank you tell us your email:). In our database there are 4337 smartphones from 95 brands And we continue to add new ones. HTC One E9s dual sim VS Nokia X6 16GB. HTC One E9s dual sim VS Nokia Lumia 610 NFC. HTC One E9s dual sim VS Nokia Lumia 900 AT&T. HTC One E9s dual sim VS HTC ChaCha. HTC One E9s dual sim VS Nokia 9500. HTC One E9s dual sim VS Acer Liquid Z320. HTC One E9s dual sim VS Nokia N-Gage QD. HTC One E9s dual sim VS Sony Xperia Z2. HTC One E9s dual sim VS HTC Desire 820G+ dual sim. HTC One E9s dual sim VS Samsung Galaxy S7. HTC One E9s dual sim VS Asus Zenfone 2 ZE551ML. HTC One E9s dual sim VS. HTC One E9s dual sim VS Xiaomi Mi 4. HTC One E9s dual sim VS Samsung Galaxy A5. HTC One E9s dual sim VS Sony Xperia Z3+ dual. PhonesData is the Web site where you can find information about the full technical specifications of all smartphones. We have added specifications such as size of the screen, processor MHz, MP of camera, battery, weight, operating system, and many more!. We are adding daily new devices and checking the old errors. However, it is possible catalog to have inaccuracies. Not responsible for incorrect entered information. The latest smartphones you can buy from Amazon, Ebay, your mobile operator, the formal representation or other souvenirs of your choice at their price price.. Apple Google HTC Huawei LG Motorola Nokia OnePlus Samsung Sony Xiaomi. 2018 Â© PhonesData - All rights reserved.. 
ENGLISH  MENU. You can manage your notification subscription by clicking on the icon. You are Blocked.Please unblock to get news alerts. Click Here to know more.. Also available in: हिन्दी ಕನ್ನಡ മലയാളം தமிழ் తెలుగు বাংলা ગુજરાતી. News Mobile Telecom Wearables Home-Entertainment Apps Laptop Camera Tablet Gaming. Reviews Mobiles Wearables Home-Entertainment Apps Laptops/PC Tablets. How-To Tips and Tricks Mobile Feature Wearable Feature Home-Entertainment Feature Social Media Feature Apps Feature. Gallery Mobiles Concepts Laptops Reviews Wearables Tablets. Videos Reviews How-to First Impression Unboxing Interviews Features. New Devices Search Mobiles Search Laptops Recent Launches Upcoming Mobiles Compare Mobiles Top 10 Mobiles. Key Specs Price Overview Complete Specs Competitors Videos News. Facebook Twitter Google Plus. Market Status: Available in India | Launch Date in India: Info. (3.1/5) 27 ratings Rate now. 13MP Primary Camera, 4 MP Front Camera. 5.5 inches 720 x 1280 pixels. HTC One E9s (Dual Sim) Price. HTC One E9s Dual SIM (Meteor Grey) 9,298 Go to Store HTC E9S dual (Meteor Grey, 16 GB)(2 GB RAM) 11,299 Go to Store. HTC One E9s (Dual Sim) Details. HTC One E9s (Dual Sim) comes with a 5.5 inches Capacitive touchscreen. display with a screen resolution of 720 x 1280 pixels. The smartphone makes use of an Octa-core 1.5 GHz Cortex-A53, Mediatek MT6752M that is coupled with Mali-T760MP2 GPU,. RAM and 16 GB Storage, 2 GB RAM default memory capacity. This storage can be expanded up to another Up to 128 GB. with the help of a microSD Card.. For imaging, the HTC One E9s (Dual Sim) sports a 13.0 MegaPixels Camera with Yes, 1080p@30fps, Geo Tagging.. Up front, the smartphone from HTC makes use of a 4.0 MegaPixels Secondary Camera selfie camera.. The connectivity aspects on board the HTC One E9s (Dual Sim) includes Yes, Wi-Fi 802.11 b/g/n, Yes, v4.0 with A2DP, Yes, microUSB v2.0, Yes, with A-GPS support and GLONASS.. The HTC One E9s (Dual Sim) gets the power from a Li-Ion 2600 mAh battery.. The HTC One E9s (Dual Sim) runs Android OS, v5.0 (Lollipop).. The smartphone is priced at Rs. Amazon, Flipkart and leading offline stores.. HTC One E9s (Dual Sim) Specifications. GENERAL Operating System Android OS, v5.0 (Lollipop) Device type Smart Phone ANNOUNCED Status Available in India Global Release Date October 2015 BODY Dimensions 157.7 x 79.7 x 7.6 mm Weight 165 g DISPLAY Screen size 5.5 inches Form Factor Touch Screen resolution 720 x 1280 pixels Touchscreen Capacitive touchscreen Technology (Display Type) HD PROCESSOR CPU Octa-core 1.5 GHz Cortex-A53 GPU Mali-T760MP2 Chipset Mediatek MT6752M STORAGE Internal Storage 16 GB Storage, 2 GB RAM External Storage Up to 128 GB Card Slot microSD Card Phonebook Practically Unlimited Messaging SMS (threaded view), MMS, Email, Push Email Call Records Practically Unlimited CAMERA Primary camera 13.0 MegaPixels Camera Front Camera 4.0 MegaPixels Secondary Camera Video Recording Yes, 1080p@30fps Camera Features Geo Tagging MULTIMEDIA Audio Player eAAC+, MP3, WAV, WMA Video Player H.263, H.264, MPEG4, WMV Games Yes FM Radio NA Speakers Yes, Dual Frontal Stereo Speakers Audio Jack 3.5mm Audio Jack BATTERY Type Li-Ion 2600 mAh battery Stand by NA Talk time NA CONNECTIVITY GPRS Yes Edge Yes WLAN Yes, Wi-Fi 802.11 b/g/n Bluetooth Yes, v4.0 with A2DP Infrared Port NA USB Yes, microUSB v2.0 GPS Facility Yes, with A-GPS support and GLONASS Browser Yes, HTML5 3G Speed Yes, HSPA+ up to 21 Mbps NETWORK SUPPORT 3G WCDMA 900 / 2100 MHz 2G GSM 850 / 900 / 1800 / 1900 MHz (Dual Sim) 4G LTE band 1(2100), 3(1800), 5(850), 7(2600), 8(900), 38(2600), 39(1900), 40(2300), 41(2500). HTC One E9s (Dual Sim) Competitors. 3 GB 13MP. 3 GB 13MP. 3 GB 13MP. Samsung Galaxy On Nxt (16GB - 3GB RAM). 3 GB 13MP. &lt;div id=&quot;vt-video-player&quot;&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;script type=&quot;text/javascript&quot;&gt;window.__ventunoplayer = window.__ventunoplayer||[];window.__ventunoplayer.push({video_key: &quot;OTMwNTk1fHwxMDA2fHwwfHx8fHx8&quot;, title: &quot;OnePlus 5 vs Honor 8 Pro vs Nubia M2 Which has the best dual-camera setup ! - GIZBOT&quot;, show_title: &quot;true&quot;, holder_id: &quot;vt-video-player&quot;, player_type: &quot;vp&quot;, width:&quot;100%&quot; , ratio:&quot;4:3&quot;});&lt;/script&gt;&lt;script type=&quot;text/javascript&quot;&gt;var vtn_ply_script = document.createElement(&quot;script&quot;);vtn_ply_script.type = &quot;text/javascript&quot;;vtn_ply_script.async = true;vtn_ply_script.src = &quot;https://pl.ventunotech.com/plugins/cntplayer/ventunoSmartPlayer.js&quot;;var vtn_add_script = document.getElementsByTagName(&quot;head&quot;)[0];vtn_add_script.appendChild(vtn_ply_script);&lt;/script&gt;. Htc U Play Unboxing & First Impressions. Interview with Darren Sng, Head of Global Product Marketing, HTC. Latest HTC One E9s (Dual Sim) NEWS. HTC U Ultra (64GB - 4GB RAM). Upcoming Upcoming Upcoming Upcoming Upcoming. HTC U11 Life (64GB - 4GB RAM). HTC U Ultra (128GB - 4GB RAM). Rate HTC One E9s (Dual Sim). About Us | Terms of Service | Privacy Policy | RSS | Contact Us | Site Feedback | Sitemap. © Greynium Information Technologies Pvt. Stay updated with latest technology news & gadget reviews - Gizbot. You have already selected 4 products. 
Click here to find mobiles using filters related to price, features, brands etc.. HTC One E9s Dual Sim Price. add to compare price alert. Dual Sim, 4G, 3G, Wi-Fi Octa Core, 1.5 GHz Processor 2 GB RAM, 16 GB inbuilt 2600 mAh Battery 5.5 inches, 720 x 1280 px display 13 MP Rear + Front Camera Memory Card Supported Android, v5.0. Indian 4G LTE band support Octa Core processor 13MP camera with flash Lollipop with Sense UI. Shipping: FREE 2-5 Business Days. Shipping: FREE 4-6 Business Days. HTC One E9S (Meteor Grey, 16 GB). Shipping: FREE Delivery Time: NA. HTC One E9S (White Luxury, 16 GB). Shipping: FREE Delivery Time: NA. HTC E9S dual (Meteor Grey, 16 GB). Shipping: FREE Delivery Time: NA. HTC One E9S (Roast Chestnut, 16 GB). HTC One E9s Dual SIM (Meteor Grey). Shipping: FREE Delivery Time: NA. HTC One E9s Dual SIM (White Luxury). Shipping: FREE Delivery Time: NA. HTC One E9s Dual SIM (Roast Chestnut). Shipping: FREE Delivery Time: NA. HTC One E9s Dual Sim Price In India is Rs. You Can Buy HTC One E9s Dual Sim Online After Finding Lowest Price Here. HTC One E9s Dual Sim Updated On February 26, 2018.. General: Dual Sim Android, v5.0 Slim 2600 mAH Battery Display: Touch 5.5 inches 720 x 1280 pixels Camera: 13 MP AutoFocus Flash 1080p HD Video Recording Front Camera Technical: 1.5 GHz, Octa Core Processor 2 GB RAM 16 GB Inbuilt Memory Memory Card Support Connectivity: 3G 4G WiFi Bluetooth GPS Extra: FM Radio 3.5mm Headphone Jack. Use multiple sims at the same time. It allows you to use two services without the need to carry two mobile phones at the same time. Slimmer mobile phones are easier to carry and look more fashionable. Touch Displays offer a more interactive experience. Reading, browsing internet and watching videos is more pleasing experience on a bigger screen. High resolution camera for taking sharp and clear photos. Having a camera flash allows you to take photos in low light. You can record videos of beautiful moments, sceneries and watch them later. Front Camera enables you to take your own photos and do videocalling (on supported devices). Memory cards give your device more storage capacity. So you can store more songs, photos and videos. More storage allows you to store more songs, videos, photos and install more applications. More cores result in better parallelism, meaning more tasks can be processed in parallel without slowing down the User Interface. Faster CPU means more smooth experience. 3G Enabled Handsets give you more download speed and a faster internet experience. 4G Enabled Handsets give you more download speed and a faster internet experience than 3G. Faster Download Speed means stream videos at real time. You can connect to wifi hotspots in your area to experience a superior internet experience. Bluetooth enables you to wirelessly listen to music and calls using bluetooth headsets. GPS is used for determining your location. You can get directions to a place with the help of GPS. Having 3.5mm Jack enables you to connect to large number of other devices (such as speakers, headphones) having 3.5mm Port. Detects motion as well as the orientation of a device (horizontally or vertically). Listen to your favourite radio stations on your phone. Enjoy music on the go with FM Radio.. Holding Heavy weight mobile phones for long time will make your arms tired. You can't use this to make calls over 4G network (a 3rd party app can be used instead though). You can't connect your phone to a TV. Compass Determines direction facing relative to North, East, West and South.. Full Specifications Report An Error General Sim Type: GSM+GSM Dual Sim: Yes Sim Size: Nano SIM Device Type: Smartphone Design Dimensions: 157.69 x 79.7 x 7.6 mm Weight: 165 g Display Type: Color IPS screen Touch: Yes, with Multitouch Size: 5.5 inches, 720 x 1280 pixels PPI: ~ 267 PPI Memory RAM: 2 GB Internal: 16 GB inbuilt Card Slot: Yes Connectivity GPRS: Yes EDGE: Yes 3G: Yes, 42.2 Mbps Download, 5.76 Mbps Upload 4G: Yes Wifi: Yes Bluetooth: Yes, v4.1 USB: Yes, microUSB v2.0 Extra GPS: Yes, with A-GPS Support Sensors: Accelerometer 3.5mm Headphone Jack: Yes Camera Camera: Yes, 13 MP with autofocus Dual Camera: No Features: Face detection, Geo tagging, Touch to focus Video Recording: Yes, 1080p Flash: LED Front Camera: Yes Technical OS: Android, v5.0 (Lollipop) CPU: 1.5 GHz, Octa Core Processor GPU: Mali-T760 MP2 Multimedia FM Radio: Yes Battery Size: 2600 mAh, Li-Po Battery. HTC One E9s Dual SIM features and specifications and first impression. At a time when every smartphone manufacturer is opting for a big-bang glittering media event for their product launch, HTC is doing things differently. HTC has quietly listed HTC one E9s Dual SIM on its site away from all the media attention. The mid-range smartphone comes equipped with a 1.5 GHz octa-core MediaTek MT6752M processor coupled with 2GB of RAM. The MediaTek processor is not as zippy as Qualcomm Snapdragon 810 (since available within the same price range) but silently does what it is supposed to do. The chipset performs well under normal conditions without showing any lag. HTC has opted for a 5.5-inch 720P display instead of a 1080P which was sported in original HTC E9. The new smartphone is also thicker and heavier compared to its predecessor. When it comes to photography, HTC One E9s Dual SIM houses a 13-megapixel camera on its back with BSI sensor, autofocus and LED flash. HTC has trusted its good old 4-megapixel UltraPixel camera as a selfie snapper. To improve the quality of selfie’s in low light, HTC has placed a BSI sensor with the front camera as well. Both primary and secondary shooters are capable of 1080p video recording. The One E9s Dual SIM runs on Andriod Lollipop with HTC’s Sense UI running on top of it. The phone comes with 16GB of inbuilt storage, if that’s not enough, you can add up to 2 TB via a microSD card. For Indian buyers, the new handset supports Indian 4G LTE bands, which means a user can make the most of high-speed data connectivity available in the country. All these features come for a hefty price. In our opinion, HTC has priced One E9s Dual SIM on the higher side. Phones with the similar specification are available in the market for a considerably lower price. Therefore, it would have been great if HTC could have kept One E9s Dual SIM under 20000 INR. Currently, HTC One E9s Dual SIM best price in India Rs. Indian 4G LTE band support Octa Core processor 13MP camera with flash Lollipop with Sense UI. Bought the phone with a lot of expectations but phone's display got broken two times and finally I decided to sell it. It got broken in my jeans pocket and I got it repared for Rs.7000 and it again got broken by just falling from a very short height. Very delicate screen Repair charges too high Poor battery backup Only 9 Gb internal memory instead of 16Gb shown on the box. Problem with service center in hyderabad. i have given data cable for replacement which is in warenty which was not working but the service center people taken nearly 1 month every time they are asking for more 3 days to get cable but till now ihave not get my cable for just data cable they are taking 1 month time means now i have a problem with battery where i have to give. 1.Nice looking phone with slim and big display. Very bad service in hyderabad 2. No proper responce for customers 3. Battery pack-up is not good 4.I think htc is good brand to use and i have taken but service is worst i have not seen ever like this. Enter each Pro in new line.. Enter each Con in new line.. Who Viewed This Also Viewed .... OPPO F5 (4GB RAM + 32GB). Xiaomi Redmi Note 5 Pro (6GB RAM + 64GB). HTC Mobiles Between 5000 and 10000. HTC One E9s Dual Sim Specifications. HTC One E9s Dual Sim Reviews. vs HTC One E9s Dual Sim vs Lenovo Vibe K5 Plus vs HTC One E9s Dual Sim vs Samsung Galaxy J3 (2017) vs HTC One E9s Dual Sim vs Motorola Moto M vs HTC One E9s Dual Sim vs Asus ZenFone 3 ZE520KL vs HTC One E9s Dual Sim vs Panasonic P55 Novo (16GB). Sign up for our Newsletter :. Congratulations!!! You are now subscribed to our newsletter.. smartprix.com , All rights reserved. Recently Viewed By You ( 0 ). Add Another Product Add Another Product Add Another Product Add Another Product Add Another Product Add Another Product Add Another Product Add Another Product Add Another Product Add Another Product Add Another Product Add Another Product Add Another Product Add Another Product Add Another Product Add Another Product Add Another Product Add Another Product Add Another Product Add Another Product. Mobiles And Tablets 0 Laptops And Computers 0 Cameras 0 Personal Appliances 0 Mobile Accessories 0. your email will not be published. Select A Product From Search Suggestions. your email will not be published. --select-- Incorrect Price Incorrect/ Missing Product Detail Coupon Not Working Found Lowest Price Somewhere Else Just A Feedback Other Issue. Sign in with your email address.. Find, Compare and Buy all in one place. Sign up with your email address. Already have an account? Login. 
Ship To SA / SAR ▼. Sony Smart Watches & Smart Bands. MP3 Players, Stero & Voice Recorder. Flash Drives & Memory Card Readers. item(s) Cart. Sign In / Register. Receive our best offers directly to your inbox. Never Miss! any more Best Deals by subscribing in to our list. We will ensure 100% delivery to your inbox right when deals enabled - Sign up now !. Home » Mobile Phones & Accessories » Mobile Phones » HTC One E9s, 16GB, 4G LTE, Dual Sim, Meteor Gray. HTC One E9s, 16GB, 4G LTE, Dual Sim, Met... has been added to your Shopping Cart. You now have items in your Shopping Cart.. HTC One E9s, 16GB, 4G LTE, Dual Sim, Meteor Gray. Buyers Who Bought This Item Also Bought:. HTC One E9s, 16GB, 4G LTE, Dual Sim, Meteor Gray. Brand New - This item is brand new. SMSA Delivery - 19 SAR *. 3 Days Checking Warranty -. Quick and hassle-free warranty claim process. We provide standard delivery across the country.. We provide transparent return and exchange policy, please refer to terms and conditions for details.. We do not sell anything which is counterfeited or tampered-with in manner, so you can be at ease that purchased product is 100% genuine.. Model: One E9s Dual Sim. OS Version: Android OS v5.0 (Lollipop). Screen Size: 5.5 inch. Screen Type: TFT - Capacitive Touchscreen. SIM Support: Dual SIM. SIM Type: Nano SIM. Data: 4G / LTE. Connectivity: WiFi, GPS, Bluetooth, USB. Processor Type: Octa-core 1.5 GHz Cortex-A53. HTC One E9s Dual SIM smartphone was launched in October 2015. The phone comes with a 5.50-inch touchscreen display with a resolution of 720 pixels by 1280 pixels at a PPI of 267 pixels per inch. The HTC One E9s Dual SIM is powered by 1.5GHz octa-core MediaTek MT6752M processor and it comes with 2GB of RAM. The phone packs 16GB of internal storage that can be expanded up to 128GB via a microSD card. As far as the cameras are concerned, the HTC One E9s Dual SIM packs a 13-megapixel primary camera on the rear and a 4-Ultrapixel front shooter for selfies. The HTC One E9s Dual SIM runs Android 5.0 and is powered by a 2600mAh non removable battery. It measures 157.70 x 79.70 x 7.60 (height x width x thickness) and weighs 165.00 grams.. The HTC One E9s Dual SIM is a dual SIM (GSM and GSM) smartphone that accepts two Nano-SIM. Connectivity options include Wi-Fi, GPS, Bluetooth, FM, 3G, 4G. Sensors on the phone include Proximity sensor, Ambient light sensor, Accelerometer, and Gyroscope.. HTC One E9s, 16GB, 4G LTE, Dual Sim, Meteor Gray. The HTC One E9s, 16GB, 4G LTE, Dual Sim, Meteor Gray Mobile Phones is manufactured by HTC. Buy the HTC One E9s, 16GB, 4G LTE, Dual Sim, Meteor Gray at the best price in the Saudi Arabia. The purchased HTC One E9s, 16GB, 4G LTE, Dual Sim, Meteor Gray can be delivered to Saudi Arabia. Buy HTC One E9s, 16GB, 4G LTE, Dual Sim, Meteor Gray in Saudi Arabia of SAR 449 and save 63%.. The best deals of Mobile Phones in Saudi Arabia. Large choice of HTC Mobile Phones available in stock.. Recommendations Based On Your Browsing History. For Help & Support Contact us. Receive our best offers directly to your inbox. Never Miss! any more Best Deals by subscribing in to our list. We will ensure 100% delivery to your inbox right when deals enabled - Sign up now !. Home & Kitchen Appliances in UAE:. TV & Audio/Video Systems in UAE:. AWOK.com is offering the lowest prices in UAE to offer the best online shopping experience in UAE.. About Us: With the idea of creating the ideal destination for online shopping in UAE, AWOK.com was. created back in 2013 with catalog of all electronic gadgets. It branched out to one-stop shop for products. Awok.com makes it easy for you to shop easily from the comfort of your home. Awok.com is simple, fast, secure and easy.. Products: From mobiles to tablets, laptops to electronics, jewellery to cosmetics, watches to sunglasses, television. to gaming consoles we pride ourselves on selling all the products that are hip, trend and are valuable to our customers at. We sell plethora of items from the brands you love to shop from including but not limited to Adidas, Apple, CK (Calvin Klein),. Offers: Awok.com is one of the preferred stores for online shopping in UAE and for all the right reasons such as convenience, cost-effective, product quality and personalized service. We have wide range of offers available which provides you with an opportunity to buy always at low prices. We provided thousands of deals every day along with bundle of products to provide you even more savings.. Payment & Shipping: We at Awok.com make best effort for your shopping experience to be as hassle free and smooth as possible. We provide you multiple payment methods including cash on delivery and online payments. We also run our own logistics to make sure your purchased item(s) reaches you as quick as possible in the best possible condition.. © Copyright 2018 AWOK.com, All Rights Reserved.. 
HTC One E9s dual sim Reviews. HTC One E9s dual sim is a 5.5inch (720 x 1280) of display, 16GB of storage, 13MP of main camera.. 2G, 3G, 4G (LTE), 16GB, 2GB ... Please feel free to post your review on this product.. Having a very very new smartphone is very glad and happy cause I have a latest phone its HTC One E9s dual sim its fresh from HK cause I let my cousin buy these in abroad since she was working there, I was surprise cause the design and display of these are so nice and beautiful. These is also portable its handy and very simple to operate. fast processing and I can download applications and games also. The camera on also has a good quality of image.. HTC One E9s dual sim ang latest na smartphone ngayon. Ang astig ng design at ang display din. Ang gaan pa naman dalhin ng smartphone na ito kaya ang galing nito. Ang dali lang gamitin nito kahit ngayon ko lang na discover ang phone na ito pero okay din naman kasi ang bilis ng processing speed nito. At ang internal storage din naman ay mabuti kasi maka pag download ako ng mga applications at games save lahat sa bago kung smartphone. Ang tibay din naman ng phone na ito, ang camera ay ang clear ng lahat ng mga image. Ang baterya din ay matagal din naman malowbat kaya masusulit ko ang pag gamit ng aking phone at sa application at games ko na rin. Ang bilis din naman maka adapt ng internet connection ang phone na ito.. HTC Mobile Phones > HTC Desire > Desire 830. This phone is a well rounded competitor under 8000 range. But it is really lacking in battery. The 2800 Mah is really a pain bec you have to charge your phone almost every 12 hrs. One movie costs 30% ... The best! Durable! 4 yrs in my hand now still ok. HTC Mobile Phones > HTC Desire > Desire 816. The best! Been using since 4 yrs and several times i accidentally dropped it from a height but still okay and fine... The camera is so nice!!! I cant look for another brand except ... Bago siya na phone for me hindi ako android user pero ang galing nito subrang ganda ng camera ang galing kasi naman very high ang resolution niya lalo na sa mga videos nito performance ay talagang ... View Mode: PC | Mobile. Please be aware that we cannot guarantee that all the information shown, such as prices, specs, images, etc. Prices and stock availability for each shop are always changing. If you are considering making a purchase, please refer to the merchant's page to ensure that you have the most up-to-date information. In order to use this website and its services, users must consent to and abide by the Terms of Use. By accessing or using any area of this website, you hereby agree to be legally bound and abide by the Terms.. Copyright © Priceprice.com All rights reserved. (Produced by kakaku.com that is Japan's No.1 Comparison Website). 
HTC ONE E9s Dual SIM Price in Jordan with Release date, Specs. HTC ONE E9s Dual SIM Specifications. 7.64mm thikness and Weight 165 Grams. GSM 850 / 900 / 1800 / 1900,. 3G HSDPA 850 / 900 / 1900 / 2100. 4G LTE 800 / 900 / 1800 / 2600 Speed. HSDPA, 42 Mbps (21 Mbps - AT&T), HSUPA, 5.76 Mbps; LTE, Cat4, 50 Mbps UL, 150 Mbps DL. 16GB Storage, 2GB RAM and expendable Memory vai. Non-removable Li-Po 2800 mAh batter y Talk time 26 Hours on 2G & 3G Music Play Time 78 hours. Gunmetal Gray, Glacial Silver, Amber Gold. 13 MP, autofocus, optical image stabilization, LED flash,. 1/3’’ sensor size, 2µm pixel size, simultaneous HD video and image recording, geo-tagging, face and smile detection, [email. protected] , optical stabilization, HDR, stereo sound rec. Bluetooth v4.0, A2DP, microUSB v2.0 (MHL), USB On-the-go, USB Host,. Wi-Fi 802.11 a/b/g/n/ac, dual-band, Wi-Fi Direct, DLNA, Wi-Fi hotspot. HTML Browser, GPS with AGP support,. - SNS integration - Dropbox (25 GB cloud storage) - Active noise cancellation with dedicated mic - TV-out WMV player - MP3 player - Google Search, Maps, Gmail, YouTube, Calendar, Google Talk - Organizer - Document viewer/editor - Photo viewer/editor - Voice memo/dial/commands - Predictive text input. running is Android Operating System version 5.0 serial of Lolypop. It provides the great experience with. The 2GB of RAM and 16GB of internal storage with built in expandable memory micro SD card slot Support up to 128GB.. features 5.5 inches display touchscreen with AMOLED technology LCD. The device has a screen resolution of 1280 x 720 pixels with 534 PPI pixels density.This device is shatter, dust and water proof. comes with 13 MP Dual Camera. It has a CMOS Camera sensor with auto focus, face detection image stabilizers and HDR videos recorder. HTC make a batter Video and images in lowlight with Led flash.. Support a high Speed EDGE and GPRS, GPS, Bluetooth version of 4.0, micro USB version 2.1 with host, NFC Wi Fi, Dual Band with Hotspot GSM All version, 3G and 4G Networking. The device comes a multimedia features stereo Speakers, MP4, MP3 and Full HD Supported Player and Google Play, Facebook, Google+, twitter, HTML, FM radio, Image and video viewer and editor and Microsoft Office document viewer and editor, SMS, MMS, Emails, I mail, Push mail and threading view Text input. This phone is large Li-po 2600 mAh battery. It is provide the talk time about 18 hours and 8 hours videos watching, web browsing, 3G and 4G.. Android Smartphone in October 2015. QHD SUPER LCD3 Capacitive touch screen 16 million colors 5.5 Inches 720 x 1280 pixels, multi touch up to 5 fingers,. HTC ONE E9s Dual SIM About Jordan. HTC ONE E9s Dual SIM Price 2018 Jordan The Price update on daily bases from the local market shops/Showrooms. The price stated above is valid all over Papuler Citys Amman, Irbid, Zarqa Jordan. This product is usual available without warranty. We can not guarantee that the information and price 100% correct on this page. Always visit your local mobile phone shop and Smartphone Showroom to exact price & Info or If you find any error/mistake in this page. please send massage by contact us page.. Comments to "HTC ONE E9s Dual SIM". This mobile can drop bag mostly to the important parts of display ,primary camera,secondary camera picture quality was very poor ,shadings,etc........ Disclaimer:Latest Mobile Prices are daily updates from Jordan Local Mobile Phone market but we can not guarantee that the information (Prices) on this page is 100% correct (Human error is possible).Latest mobile prices Jordan and detailed Specifications, The latest launched Cell Phones are priced on the basis of international offerings without including shipment costs and taxes.If you think that any information for the current phone is wrong or missing, please contact us.. © Copyrights by Mobile with prices. 
India World Cities Opinion Sports Entertainment Lifestyle Technology Viral Photos Videos ePaper. See More See Less. 25th Swayamsevak Samagam: Hindus have to unite, India’s responsibility is upon us, says RSS chief Mohan Bhagwat Oust ‘anti-people’ BJP govt from Haryana: Bhupinder Singh Hooda In Fact: Is Bengaluru about to run dry? India reaches out, invites Pakistan Minister for WTO talks in Delhi ‘Stalled projects’ is bad optics, so government moves to tweak label. HTC One E9s Dual-SIM review: Decent performer, but price might be too. HTC One E9s is an example of flagship design in a mid-range budget. But is it worth your money given the competition in the market?. Technology Tech Reviews HTC One E9s Dual-SIM review: Decent performer, but price might be too. Rating: 3 out of 5. HTC One E9s Dual-SIM smartphone review: A mid-budget phone with premium design. While colour saturation is best on an AMOLED display, HTC’s LCD display has been the sharpest. Sample shots from HTC One E9s. Sample shots from HTC One E9s. Sample shots from HTC One E9s. Updated: November 26, 2015 8:43 am. HTC Desire 12 with 18:9 display, Android Oreo leaked ahead of. launch HTC Desire 12 with 18:9 display and MediaTek SoC leaked, expected to be entry-level. phone HTC U11+ with 6-inch 18:9 display, Snapdragon 835 SoC launched in India: Price,. HTC is struggling, its profits are shrinking and in spite of superior design, it is failing to move its flagship smartphones in huge numbers. In fact, HTC’s newest One A9 copies the design of iPhone 6s and runs Android Marshmallow in near stock form. There is absolutely no ‘Sense’ UI or BoomSound in One A9. HTC has even come to terms making mid-range smartphones with the flagship One brand. But it still seems to have a bright spot in India.. HTC One E9s is an example of flagship design and feel in a mid-range budget. From HTC’s proprietary BoomSound speakers to that mono-tone unibody design, everything is exemplary here. But then HTC is coming in to play a game already ruled by the likes of Motorola and OnePlus. So does it hold onto its grounds? We find out in our review.. Specs : 5.0-inch (720 x 1280p, ~294 ppi) LCD display | Quad-core 1.3GHz Mediatek MT6582 processor | 2GB RAM | 16GB storage (expandable up to 32GB) | 8MP rear camera + 5MP front | Li-Ion 2200 mAh battery | Android Lollipop OS. This is HTC and first attraction has to be that LCD display. While colour saturation is best on an AMOLED display, HTC’s LCD display has been the sharpest. The colours pop and everything feels super vibrant.. In our office, there was a moment when I wanted to dim the display but then there was no option. When I raised the brightness to maximum, it took me some time to come out of that lightning strike. The display when set to maximum is good enough to be your torch at night. During the review period, I never increased the brightness, which makes it one of the finest 720p panels in my books.. Since this is HTC, the second attraction has to be that BoomSound speakers. Yes, those dual front stereo speakers are the loudest ones ever packed onto a smartphone. I usually enjoy my Music on Bose’s Soundlink Colour bluetooth speaker but with One E9s, I never used my bluetooth speakers. Yes the sound is loud and clear. Every vocal will be easily distinguishable and Sam Smith’s pain is more realised here than on any other smartphone.. When it is HTC, we can’t stop but appreciate the design. Like many other One smartphones before, One E9s is slim and very easy to hold. It is not built out of unibody metal but the plastic used here seems very much assuring. This one has been built to last.. The camera on HTC One E9s is fast. It is quick to click a photo and is always ready to shoot the next one. But the colour reproduction is too bad. Most pictures turned out to be over-saturated. Especially while shooting flowers, the pictures are something not worth sharing. We hope HTC does fix this with a software update.. HTC One E9s is powered by MediaTek MT6582, processor that we saw on Lenovo ’s K3 Note. The latter is a sub-Rs 10,000 smartphone. HTC is purely trying to play the brand equity here.. Another big caveat here is the storage. At the time of writing, I see only 500MB left on my One E9s review unit. Partly because of HTC’s own Sense UI sucking up some of the storage and rest courtesy my apps and games.. The need of the hour is a smartphone that lasts through the day and HTC One E9s is not that one. It can barely get through a work day and if you push it to the limits then you will only see low battery notification. HTC could have done better here for that huge Rs 21,900 asking price.. Also, while the display is good, cheaper phones like the Lenovo Vibe P1 are offering Full HD these days. Consumers are likely to keep that in mind.. If you want to make your presence felt among the crowd with a flagship like One smartphone, the HTC One E9s makes for a good case. Otherwise there is nothing really to boast about.. At the asking price, Motorola’s Moto X Play offers a working design, a battery that can easily get past a day full of heavy use and a camera that is still one of the best in the business.. For all the latest Technology News , download Indian Express App. © IE Online Media Services Pvt Ltd. HTC U12 with 5G support reportedly showcased in. HTC smartphone with Snapdragon 625, Android 8.0 Oreo spotted on. Nov 26, 2015 at 2:49 pm. first of all it has a mt6752 processor underclocked at 1.5ghz........13mp rear camera, 4up front camera n 2600mah battery. i bought this about a month ago n i have to say the camera is the worst i have ever seen, all photos are oversaturated, becomes blur with just little zoom and there hasnt been even a update since i bought this phone. otherwise this phone works fine, restarted once till now n it scored arounf 43000 in antutu. .....please update your post :). Dec 17, 2015 at 5:50 am. dropped once and just got damaged..dont buy this phone..service is also very bad..getting frustated with this phone. Dec 16, 2015 at 1:03 pm. Im taken htc one e 9s recently on 5 dec 2015. I used only one day bu vit 22000.. my mobile was droped with my hand only ones display breaked.. I talked with customer care htc no responce for what im said to them.. waste to take htc e 9s no standard display... 1 Sridevi funeral LIVE UPDATES: Mortal remains to arrive in Mumbai today 2 Sridevi dies at 54, leaves India in shock 3 Railway Group D recruitment 2018 for 62,907 posts: Eligibility criteria changes, apply online 4 Sridevi death: Everything you wanted to ask, but didn’t. Cities Delhi Chief Secretary 'assault' case: Discrepancy in CCTV timing found at Kejriwal's home, Police tells court Former cabinet secretary TRS Subramanian passes away, PM Modi condoles death India reaches out, invites Pakistan Minister for WTO talks in Delhi Opinion Populists are here to stay. They take revenge on soft targets and make people dream Opinion Union Budget 2018 has laid the ground for a higher and sustained economic growth. Entertainment Sridevi death: Everything you wanted to ask, but didn’t Entertainment Goofball to seductress: The many shades of Sridevi Entertainment Sridevi's electric double roles: From Chaalbaaz to Lamhe Trending Pakistani airlines hilariously trolled with complaints on Facebook after they put up ad on why everyone should fly with them Trending Video of a man jumping from the top of 24-storey building and MIRACULOUSLY surviving has gone viral. Is Bengaluru about to run dry? LIVE UPDATES: BJP’s schemes are only for few specific rich industrialists, says Rahul Gandhi in Karnataka Cities Six teens with earphones run over by train in Uttar Pradesh's Hapur, one critically injured AAP-Chief Secy Standoff: Split wide open Sports Onus on young pacers to prove mettle Sports India bid farewell to SA tour on a happy note Lifestyle Sridevi: From Queen Bee to Style Star Sridevi as a timeless beauty and fashion icon through the years Technology Samsung Galaxy S9, Galaxy S9+ First impressions and FAQs Technology Xiaomi Mi Mix 2s to feature Snapdragon 845 SoC, launch set for March 27. This video of two Pakistani anchors ‘fighting in a newsroom’ has gone. viral China pushes back against criticism of plan for President Xi Jinping to stay in. power Indian-origin woman allegedly linked to ISIS arrested for abducting a British. couple South Korea’s final Winter Olympic challenge: keep the lights. on Here’s why Sridevi and Kamal Haasan pairing is. I failed as a producer with ‘Bombay Velvet’: Vikas. Aamir Khan speaking language of treachery: Shiv. Indian-origin singer dropped from contest over ‘anti-Semitism’. Dell Inspiron 11 Review: The fun Windows 10. notebook Titan Juxt Pro review: There is nothing smart about this. watch Offline will be a gamechanger, exploring space keenly: LeEco India. Karthekayan Iyer Engineer by training, tech journalist by passion.... Please reload and try again !!!. Copyright © 2018 The Indian Express [P] Ltd. 
Home Shop MWC News Reviews Features Opinions Videos The Gadgets 360 Show Cell Guru Prime Tech Smartphone Reviews Tech and Gadget Reviews How-To Videos Video Game Reviews and Features Top Lists by Gadgets 360 Unboxing and Hands-On Videos Podcasts Compare Mobiles Phone Finder DEALS. Mobiles Tablets Apps Gaming Cameras PC/Laptops AUDIO/VIDEO How To Telecom Science INDIA INTERNET SOCIAL MEDIA WEARABLES हिंदी. Home Mobiles Mobiles Reviews. 3.5 out of 5 stars. HTC One E9s Dual SIM Review. Ali Pardiwala , 23 November 2015. Share on Facebook Tweet Share Share Email Reddit Comment. HTC was a major player in the Android smartphone market not too long ago, but has been on a steady decline. It's evident when you see that HTC's share in the India smartphone market is just 1.4 percent, down from 10 percent in Q3 2011. Last year's HTC One (M8) ( Review | Pictures ) got some praise from us, but this year's flagship HTC One M9+ ( Review ) left us wanting more. HTC hasn't produced a clear winner in a very long time. (Click to see full size) (Click to see full size) HTC One E9s in pictures. The Taiwanese manufacturer hasn't quite given up just yet, and one of its latest launches in India is the HTC One E9s Dual SIM. The device is a part of the top-end One range of products, but is more affordable than its flagship namesakes. With its plastic body and typically mid-range spec-sheet, the One E9s Dual SIM, on paper, seems like an overpriced mid-range smartphone. We find out if there's more to it in our review.. Look and feel Although the One E9s Dual SIM is to be considered among the top tier of HTC smartphones, its plastic body makes it feel more like some of the newer products in the second-rung Desire range, such as the slightly more affordable but much older HTC Desire 826. It also exhibits HTC's typical aesthetic, which isn't a bad thing at all since HTC is one of the few manufacturers to consistently excel at smartphone design, in our opinion.. With a 5.5-inch screen, the One E9s Dual SIM is firmly in phablet territory. The front of the device is only 66.3 percent screen, with considerably thick borders and space on both the top and bottom for the stereo BoomSound speakers. For a phone that is already large, this bulks it up further. Fortunately, it isn't as thick as most phablets, and its curved edges and dull plastic finish help with grip and ergonomics.. The top of the One E9s Dual SIM has the 3.5mm socket, the USB port is on the bottom, the power and volume buttons are on the right, and the SIM and microSD slots are under a flap on the left. The back of the phone is stark and minimalist, with just an HTC logo in the centre and the camera and flash in the top left corner. Although the device does not have a unibody, the back panel cannot be opened, which means the battery is not removable.. The screen of the device is a 5.5-inch 720p capacitive touch display. Although official sources don't specify the screen type, some listings on e-commerce portals state that it is an Amoled display. On the face of it, the screen has some of the typical characteristics of Amoled displays, including deep blacks, good contrast, lower possible brightness and issues with daylight readability. However, the resolution is far too low for a smartphone that costs over Rs. 20,000 today, and the lack of detail is particularly visible because of the size of the screen. Considering that the OnePlus X ( Review | Pictures ) packs in a far better full-HD Amoled screen at a lower price, the HTC One E9s Dual SIM comes off as overpriced for the quality it offers.. Specifications and software This year, HTC has opted for MediaTek SoCs for some of its key devices, including the Helio X10 which found its way onto the M9+ and E9+. The E9s Dual SIM, however, reminds us of its mid-range specifications with its MT6752M SoC. Designed to compete directly with Qualcomm, the MT6752M gets the better of the Snapdragon 615 SoC in most benchmarks. However, opinions are firmly divided on whether the MT6752M can truly compete against the Snapdragon 615 .. Apart from this, the HTC One E9s Dual SIM also has 16GB of internal storage (expandable by up to 128GB), 2GB of RAM, an integrated Mali-T760MP2 GPU, dual-SIM connectivity with 4G on both SIMs, and a 2600mAh battery. Fortunately, the slots for microSD and the second SIM are separate, so you aren't forced to choose between them, unlike some other recent smartphones.. The E9s Dual SIM runs Android Lollipop 5.0, with HTC's Sense 7 user interface on top. Although Sense 7 is not very different from Sense 6 visually, there are some useful changes under the hood. This includes the untying of key apps (Gallery, Camera, Sense Home and HTC Backup, for example) from the UI so that they can be updated individually through the Play Store, rather than needing an overall update of the UI.. Also worth mentioning is the ability to customise navigation controls and add a fourth icon alongside the three default Android keys, more colour personalisation options, and the excellent Sense Home widget, which learns what apps you often use based on location and time and gives you easy access to them. HTC's software has been among the best manufacturer UIs around, and remains efficient and functional in its design. UI performance is quick and problem-free.. Camera The HTC One E9s Dual SIM has a 13-megapixel primary camera with single-tone flash, along with the 4-megapixel UltraPixel camera on the front with no flash. The UltraPixel sensor was HTC's supposedly innovative take on smartphone cameras, but has since been demoted to front-camera status for some of HTC's new devices. Both cameras are capable of recording full-HD video.. The default HTC Camera app is excellent as always, with plenty of controls, modes and options. The flash toggle and manual controls are easy to access, and there is a button to quickly shoot video as well. Switching camera modes can be done via swipes or through the menu, while camera and video modes are also accessible easily. The settings menu has a long list of options, including crop ratio, resolution, volume button shortcuts, self-timer, and image adjustments, among others. The app strikes the perfect balance between ease of use and detailed controls and settings.. The camera itself is decent for a phone at this price, thanks to its backside illuminated sensor. In normal light, images came out fairly detailed and lighting conditions are reproduced accurately. Colours were also vibrant and accurate. As expected, low-light shots were considerably better than we're used to as well, brightening up typically dark scenes fairly well. Video benefits from the sensor greatly, and is incredibly clean in terms of motion and detail. The UltraPixel camera up front is also very capable in low light, thanks to the larger pixel size. This helps with any selfies you might want to take in dimly lit places, as well as outdoors.. Performance Thanks to decent hardware and excellent software, the HTC One E9s Dual SIM is a decent mid-range performer. Whether it's simply swiping about on the interface or playing intensive games such as Dead Trigger 2 and Angry Birds 2, the phone doesn't disappoint. The phone does heat up very slightly when it's put through intensive tasks, but it's much less than what we're used to seeing on some other smartphones.. We ran our usual suite of benchmark tests on the HTC One E9s Dual SIM, and results were decent for a phone in this price range. The phone got an impressive 23fps in GFXBench, and also maxed out the 3DMark Ice Storm test that we usually use to test smartphones with 720p screens, returning a score of 5,960 in Ice Storm Extreme. AnTuTu and Quadrant returned scores of 42,114 and 19,075 respectively, both which are a little higher than what we're used to seeing on mid-range smartphones.. In our battery test, the HTC One E9s Dual SIM ran for 11 hours, 21 minutes, which is decent for a phone with such a large screen. Part of it is thanks to the low-resolution Amoled display, which is easy on the battery. In day-to-day use, the phone easily lasted us the whole day on a full charge. Other typical functions such as call and signal quality, as well as audio through the speakers or headphones, were decent.. Verdict The HTC One E9s Dual SIM is a good smartphone, no doubt. It has everything you need from a mid-range device, including good design, decent specifications, good cameras and enough bite in the performance to keep mid-range users happy. However, HTC needs to do a bit more than that to get buyers' attention in this competitive market, and One E9s Dual SIM unfortunately doesn't have anything out-of-the-box to offer.. While the Amoled screen is decent, it's low resolution is evident, and this is severely disappointing for a device at this price level. It also costs far too much when compared to devices such as the Honor 7 ( Review | Pictures ), which offers much more bang for your buck. The HTC One E9s Dual SIM will lose out against such competitors because it is a straightforward and unexciting device. However, if you're only looking for reliability and functionality, it's definitely worth considering.. For the latest smartphone launches by Samsung, Nokia, Sony, Asus, and other MWC 2018 announcements, visit our MWC hub .. Design Display Software Performance Battery Life Camera Value for Money. Good Decent build and ergonomics Good cameras Reliable performance Bad High price Low-resolution screen Lacks any standout feature. Read detailed HTC One E9s Dual SIM review. HTC One E9s Dual SIM Review. HTC One E9s Dual SIM Reportedly Launched at Rs. HTC One E9s Dual SIM With 5.5-Inch Display Available Online at Rs. More HTC mobiles HTC mobiles price in India. Further reading: Android , E9s , HTC , HTC One E9s , HTC One E9s camera , HTC One E9s design , HTC One E9s features , HTC One E9s performance , HTC One E9s price , HTC One E9s price in India , HTC One E9s specifications , HTC Sense 7 , Lollipop , mobiles , One , smartphones. Apple Plans to Launch Apple Pay in China by February: Report. 'I Just Want an iPhone': Samurai Sword-Wielding Man at Apple Store. HTC One E9s Dual SIM Review. Samsung Galaxy S9 और Galaxy S9+ स्मार्टफोन लॉन्च. Nokia 1 एंड्रॉयड गो स्मार्टफोन हुआ लॉन्च. LG V30S ThinQ के साथ MWC 2018 में एलजी ने दी दस्तक. Samsung Galaxy S9, Galaxy S9+ Launched: What's New?. Why Game of Thrones Creators Writing Star Wars Might Be a Bad, Bad Idea. Design by User Feedback? The Customer Isn't Always Right. PS4 Is a Best-Seller but Here Are 4 Reasons It's Far From Perfect. Canon EOS 1500D, EOS 3000D Entry-Level DSLRs Launched in India BSNL Partners Nokia for Rollout of 4G VoLTE Services Sony Unveils Xperia Ear Duo to Answer Apple AirPods, Samsung Gear IconX Sony Xperia XZ2, Xperia XZ2 Compact With 18:9 Displays Launched at MWC Mi MIX 2S With Snapdragon 845 Confirmed by Xiaomi; Launching on March 27 Huawei Launches Windows Laptop and Android Tablet at MWC 2018 Samsung Galaxy S9, Galaxy S9+ Pre-Orders Now Open in India ZTE Tempo Go Is Its First Smartphone That Runs Android Oreo (Go Edition) Samsung's Foldable Smartphone Isn't a Gimmick, Claims CEO Huawei P20 Flagship Smartphone Launch Set for March 27. Nokia 7 Plus Is an Android One Phone With Dual Rear Cameras, Zeiss Optics Samsung Galaxy S9, Galaxy S9+ Pre-Orders Now Open in India Samsung Galaxy S9, Galaxy S9+ With Improved Cameras, AR Emoji Launched Nokia 8110 4G Is a 'Slider' Feature Phone With Google, Facebook Apps OnePlus 5, OnePlus 5T HD Content Streaming Issue Fixed, With a Catch Nokia 7 Plus vs Nokia 7 Vodafone to Offer 4.5GB Data Per Day for 28 Days at Rs. 799: Report Samsung Galaxy S9 a Worthy Upgrade? A Look at What's New Nokia 8 Sirocco With Dual Cameras, Stainless Steel Frame Launched at MWC Nokia 6 (2018) Android One Phone With Snapdragon 630 Launched at MWC 2018. Sitemaps Archives Advertise About Us Feedback Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions Complaint Redressal Careers Contact Us RSS Ethics Gadgets Hindi. © Copyright Red Pixels Ventures Limited 2018. 
HTC One E9s dual sim price in Pakistan. HTC One E9s dual sim's lowest price in Pakistan is {{productLeastPrices| currency:"Rs. The online store {{storeNameHasLeastPrice}} offers the best price for this HTC Mobile when compared among 2 sellers.. PriceOye DOES NOT sells mobile phones! We only help you save money.. Full Specifications of HTC One E9s dual sim. 6.21 x 3.14 x 0.30 in. microSD, up to 256 GB (dedicated slot). More Mobiles like HTC One E9s dual sim. Signup for our newsletter and get discount vouchers. 
HTC One E9s Dual SIM Remove from comparison Go to detail page. Samsung Galaxy S8 Plus Remove from comparison Go to detail page. Categories Trending News en de es it pl tr fr br ru id nl da sv. HTC One E9s Dual SIM Samsung Galaxy S8 Plus. HTC One E9s Dual SIM vs Samsung Galaxy S8 Plus: 114 facts in comparison. Meizu Pro 7 Plus 64GB: 10 x 2.6GHz. Sony Xperia Z5 Premium Dual: 806ppi. The bigger the screen size is, the better the user experience.. Nokia 808 Pureview: 16 & 13MP. Sony Xperia XZ Premium: 2160 x 3840px. Blu Vivo X: 20 & 8MP. The device has a standard memory slot (such as an SD or micro SD card slot) so that you can either extend the internal storage with affordable memory modules or you can retrieve data, such as photographs, easily from a memory card.. Damage resistant glass (such as Corning Gorilla Glass or Asahi Dragontrail Glass) is thin, lightweight, and can withstand high levels of force.. The device has a display with three full subpixels per pixel, resulting in a sharp and crisp picture. Pixels in some displays (like AMOLED) share one subpixel to preserve space. This can result in a less crisp, slightly blurred image.. The battery is removable and can be replaced by the user if broken.. Devices with stereo speakers deliver sound from independent channels on both left and right sides, creating a richer sound and a better experience.. Dustproof/water resistant at depth equal to or greater than 1 meter.. Optical image stabilization uses gyroscopic sensors to detect the vibrations of the camera. The lens adjusts the optical path accordingly, ensuring that any type of motion blur is corrected before the sensor captures the image.. It can transfer files, music, photos via USB, no need to install additional software.. It works as an FM radio with included headsets. Allows you to view in ultra-high definition.. HTC One E9s Dual SIM (Android 5.0 Lollipop). Samsung Galaxy S8 Plus (Android 7.0 Nougat). The manufacturer offers a branded wireless charging kit. To charge the device, you simply put it down on its charging base.. All DLNA certified products are compatible with one another. When different devices are connected to the same network, data can be transferred easily between them.. Apple iPhone X 64GB: 2160 x 60fps. NFC (near field communication) allows a device to perform simple wireless transactions.. Samsung Galaxy Note 8 (Qualcomm Snapdragon 835) 256GB. Samsung Galaxy S7 edge (Exynos 8890 Octa). Samsung Galaxy Note 8 (Qualcomm Snapdragon 835) 256GB. Samsung Galaxy Note 8 (Qualcomm Snapdragon 835) 256GB. Samsung Galaxy S7 edge (Exynos 8890 Octa). Samsung Galaxy S7 edge (Exynos 8890 Octa). This page is currently only available in English.. Imprint Privacy Policy Jobs Terms and Conditions. Versus.com is a data-driven comparison platform where you can compare anything, from cars to smartphones or cities. Versus currently comprises 7 million product comparisons and covers the latest technology news.. 
