GSM 850 / 900 / 1800 / 1900 - SIM 1 & SIM 2. HSDPA 850 / 900 / 1900 / 2100. HSPA 42.2/5.76 Mbps, LTE Cat4 150/50 Mbps. IPS LCD capacitive touchscreen, 16M colors. 720 x 1280 pixels, 16:9 ratio (~294 ppi density). 13 MP (f/2.2, 28mm), autofocus, LED flash. Geo-tagging, touch focus, face detection, HDR, panorama. - Active noise cancellation with dedicated mic. SMS(threaded view), MMS, Email, Push Mail, IM. We can not guarantee that the information on this page is 100% correct. HTC Desire 10 Compact - user opinions and reviews. I didnt know that the avarage human hand got bigger in the last ten years so that anything that was big now is considered compact. atleast you can buy real good compacts for a bargain from 2013-2016. compact means 60 to 65mm in width.. Where did you guys get the screen protector and protective case? There is no shop over my place providing it and I'm struggling to find it online.. Samsung Apple Nokia Sony LG HTC Motorola Huawei Microsoft Lenovo Xiaomi Google Acer Asus Oppo OnePlus Meizu BlackBerry Alcatel ZTE Toshiba Vodafone Energizer XOLO Lava Micromax BLU Gionee vivo LeEco Panasonic HP YU verykool Maxwest Plum. HTC Desire 10 Pro HTC Desire 10 Lifestyle HTC Desire 650 Nokia 5 HTC U Play Nokia 6. HTC U11 Eyes HTC One (M8) HTC 10 HTC U11+ HTC Desire 10 Pro HTC U11. 
Enter the characters you see below. Sorry, we just need to make sure you're not a robot. For best results, please make sure your browser is accepting cookies.. Type the characters you see in this image:. 
WHAT CAN WE HELP YOU WITH?. HTC Devices & Accessories Purchase & Order Questions. Switching the power on or off. HTC Desire 10 compact for the first time. Adding your social networks, email accounts, and more. SIM card to connect to the 4G LTE/3G network. SIM card to use for sending SMS and MMS. SIM cards with Dual network manager. Your first week with your new phone. Turning Sleep mode on or off. Adding or removing a widget panel. Grouping apps on the widget panel and launch bar. What can I do during a call?. Switching between silent, vibrate, and normal modes. Getting in touch with a contact. Reading and replying to an email message. Should I use the storage card as removable or internal storage?. Setting up your storage card as internal storage. Moving apps and data between the phone storage and storage card. Copying files between the phone storage and storage card. Backing up data, media, and apps to your storage card. Restoring data, media, and apps from your storage card. HTC Desire 10 compact (Hard reset). Ways of getting contacts and other content. HTC Desire 10 compact and your computer. Turning Smart Boost on or off. Optimizing apps running in the foreground. Managing irregular activities of downloaded apps. Managing apps running in the background. Creating an unlock pattern for some apps. What you can do on Google Photos. Turning the data connection on or off. Turning data roaming on or off. Keeping track of your data usage. HTC Desire 10 compact as a. Sharing your phone's Internet connection by USB tethering. Turning location services on or off. Setting when to turn off the screen. What does "Verify apps" do, and how do I check if it's enabled?. The Verify apps feature helps you protect your phone from potentially harmful apps.. How do I sign in to my Microsoft email account from the Mail app?. Due to recent updates to the POP Mail settings of Microsoft® accounts, you need to configure you.... Why are the apps on my phone crashing and force closing?. In some instances, an app may force close, crash, frequently freeze or stop responding, or gene.... How do I know if I've installed a malicious third-party app on my phone?. You may encounter some of the issues or symptoms below when there's a malicious app or malware in.... How do I set the default SMS app?. If you installed more than one SMS app on your phone, you can set which app will send and rec.... How do I see the list of running apps?. In phones with Android 6 or later, go to the Developer options > Running services setting to see .... I keep getting prompted to grant permissions when using apps. Android 6 and later have improved the way apps are given access to certain data or features, s.... How do I enable developer's options?. If you want to develop apps for your phone, you can enable developer's options in. topics about HTC Desire 10 Compact. English - Quick start guide English - User manual. Australia Österreich Bangladesh Brazil Canada - English Canada - Français Česká republika 中国 Danmark Deutschland España Suomi France Hong Kong 香港 Hrvatska India Indonesia Ireland Italia 日本 Казахстан América Latina Malaysia Magyarország Middle East الشرق الأوسط Myanmar Nederland New Zealand Norge Pakistan Россия и СНГ Polska România Schweiz Singapore Sri Lanka Sverige 台灣 ประเทศไทย Türkiye Україна United Kingdom United States Việt Nam Saudi Arabia. Australia Österreich Bangladesh Brazil Canada - English Canada - Français Česká republika 中国 Danmark Deutschland España Suomi France Hong Kong 香港 Hrvatska India Indonesia Ireland Italia 日本 Казахстан América Latina Malaysia Magyarország Middle East الشرق الأوسط Myanmar Nederland New Zealand Norge Pakistan Россия и СНГ Polska România Schweiz Singapore Sri Lanka Sverige 台灣 ประเทศไทย Türkiye Україна United Kingdom United States Việt Nam Saudi Arabia. Australia Österreich Bangladesh Brazil Canada - English Canada - Français Česká republika 中国 Danmark Deutschland España Suomi France Hong Kong 香港 Hrvatska India Indonesia Ireland Italia 日本 Казахстан América Latina Malaysia Magyarország Middle East الشرق الأوسط Myanmar Nederland New Zealand Norge Pakistan Россия и СНГ Polska România Schweiz Singapore Sri Lanka Sverige 台灣 ประเทศไทย Türkiye Україна United Kingdom United States Việt Nam Saudi Arabia. Australia Österreich Bangladesh Brazil Canada - English Canada - Français Česká republika 中国 Danmark Deutschland España Suomi France Hong Kong 香港 Hrvatska India Indonesia Ireland Italia 日本 Казахстан América Latina Malaysia Magyarország Middle East الشرق الأوسط Myanmar Nederland New Zealand Norge Pakistan Россия и СНГ Polska România Schweiz Singapore Sri Lanka Sverige 台灣 ประเทศไทย Türkiye Україна United Kingdom United States Việt Nam Saudi Arabia. Smartphones RE Camera Nexus Tablet Latest phone deals Newsroom Company Overview Corporate Responsibility Corporate Information Investor. Ultrapixel camera HTC Transfer HTC Blog HTC Dev HTC Pro HTC Vive. Support Center Warranty Policy Privacy Policy Terms of Use Code of Conduct Copyright Product Security Learn More. Smartphones RE Camera Nexus Tablet Latest phone deals Buy Accessories Ultrapixel camera HTC Transfer Support Center Warranty Policy Newsroom Company Overview Corporate Responsibility Corporate Information Investor Working at HTC HTC Blog HTC Dev HTC Pro HTC Vive Privacy Policy Terms of Use Code of Conduct Copyright Product Security Learn More. It has come to our attention that a company called HTC Multinational Technology Oil & Gas (HTC Multinational) is sending e-mails purporting to come from HTC Corporation (HTC) concerning internship training. Please be aware that the e-mail from HTC Multinational is fraudulent in nature and should be deleted with immediate effect. HTC Multinational is not associated in any way with HTC or any HTC affiliated company.. 
WHAT CAN WE HELP YOU WITH?. HTC Devices & Accessories Purchase & Order Questions. Switching the power on or off. HTC Desire 10 compact for the first time. Adding your social networks, email accounts, and more. SIM card to connect to the 4G LTE/3G network. SIM card to use for sending SMS and MMS. SIM cards with Dual network manager. Your first week with your new phone. Turning Sleep mode on or off. Adding or removing a widget panel. Grouping apps on the widget panel and launch bar. What can I do during a call?. Switching between silent, vibrate, and normal modes. Getting in touch with a contact. Reading and replying to an email message. Should I use the storage card as removable or internal storage?. Setting up your storage card as internal storage. Moving apps and data between the phone storage and storage card. Copying files between the phone storage and storage card. Backing up data, media, and apps to your storage card. Restoring data, media, and apps from your storage card. HTC Desire 10 compact (Hard reset). Ways of getting contacts and other content. HTC Desire 10 compact and your computer. Turning Smart Boost on or off. Optimizing apps running in the foreground. Managing irregular activities of downloaded apps. Managing apps running in the background. Creating an unlock pattern for some apps. What you can do on Google Photos. Turning the data connection on or off. Turning data roaming on or off. Keeping track of your data usage. HTC Desire 10 compact as a. Sharing your phone's Internet connection by USB tethering. Turning location services on or off. Setting when to turn off the screen. HTC Desire 10 compact is filled with innovations that help it .... Use the Boost+ app to help you optimize your phone's performance by allocating resources, rem.... Android™ 6.0 Marshmallow brings improvement to battery life, lets you use your storage card e.... After taking your HTC Desire 10 compact out of the box, familiarize yourself first with the locat.... HTC Desire 10 compact has two card slots that allow you to insert a. Use a storage card to store your photos, videos, and music. When you need to free up phon.... Before you turn on and start using. HTC Desire 10 compact, it is recommended that you charg.... Switching the power on or off. HTC Desire 10 compact for the first time. HTC Desire 10 compact for the first time—or after you've done a factory.... Adding your social networks, email accounts, and more. You can sync contacts, calendars, and other information from your social networks, email accounts.... topics about HTC Desire 10 Compact. English - Quick start guide English - User manual. Australia Österreich Bangladesh Brazil Canada - English Canada - Français Česká republika 中国 Danmark Deutschland España Suomi France Hong Kong 香港 Hrvatska India Indonesia Ireland Italia 日本 Казахстан América Latina Malaysia Magyarország Middle East الشرق الأوسط Myanmar Nederland New Zealand Norge Pakistan Россия и СНГ Polska România Schweiz Singapore Sri Lanka Sverige 台灣 ประเทศไทย Türkiye Україна United Kingdom United States Việt Nam Saudi Arabia. Australia Österreich Bangladesh Brazil Canada - English Canada - Français Česká republika 中国 Danmark Deutschland España Suomi France Hong Kong 香港 Hrvatska India Indonesia Ireland Italia 日本 Казахстан América Latina Malaysia Magyarország Middle East الشرق الأوسط Myanmar Nederland New Zealand Norge Pakistan Россия и СНГ Polska România Schweiz Singapore Sri Lanka Sverige 台灣 ประเทศไทย Türkiye Україна United Kingdom United States Việt Nam Saudi Arabia. Australia Österreich Bangladesh Brazil Canada - English Canada - Français Česká republika 中国 Danmark Deutschland España Suomi France Hong Kong 香港 Hrvatska India Indonesia Ireland Italia 日本 Казахстан América Latina Malaysia Magyarország Middle East الشرق الأوسط Myanmar Nederland New Zealand Norge Pakistan Россия и СНГ Polska România Schweiz Singapore Sri Lanka Sverige 台灣 ประเทศไทย Türkiye Україна United Kingdom United States Việt Nam Saudi Arabia. Australia Österreich Bangladesh Brazil Canada - English Canada - Français Česká republika 中国 Danmark Deutschland España Suomi France Hong Kong 香港 Hrvatska India Indonesia Ireland Italia 日本 Казахстан América Latina Malaysia Magyarország Middle East الشرق الأوسط Myanmar Nederland New Zealand Norge Pakistan Россия и СНГ Polska România Schweiz Singapore Sri Lanka Sverige 台灣 ประเทศไทย Türkiye Україна United Kingdom United States Việt Nam Saudi Arabia. Smartphones RE Camera Nexus Tablet Latest phone deals Newsroom Company Overview Corporate Responsibility Corporate Information Investor. Ultrapixel camera HTC Transfer HTC Blog HTC Dev HTC Pro HTC Vive. Support Center Warranty Policy Privacy Policy Terms of Use Code of Conduct Copyright Product Security Learn More. Smartphones RE Camera Nexus Tablet Latest phone deals Buy Accessories Ultrapixel camera HTC Transfer Support Center Warranty Policy Newsroom Company Overview Corporate Responsibility Corporate Information Investor Working at HTC HTC Blog HTC Dev HTC Pro HTC Vive Privacy Policy Terms of Use Code of Conduct Copyright Product Security Learn More. It has come to our attention that a company called HTC Multinational Technology Oil & Gas (HTC Multinational) is sending e-mails purporting to come from HTC Corporation (HTC) concerning internship training. Please be aware that the e-mail from HTC Multinational is fraudulent in nature and should be deleted with immediate effect. HTC Multinational is not associated in any way with HTC or any HTC affiliated company.. 
You don't have permission to access /specifications/htc-desire-10-compact/. 
Computers & Tablets Tablets Apple iPad Samsung Galaxy Tab Microsoft Surface Tablet Wacom Huawei Tablet Lenovo Tablet Android & Drawing Tablet Laptop & Computer Laptop Apple MacBook Desktop PC Computer Monitor Gaming Laptop Computer Peripherals Business Requirements Screens & Projectors Desktop & Office Printers Computer Scanner Printer Inks & Toners Network Devices Computer Storage Device Hard Drives Flash Drives CD & DVD DVD Drives Prepaid Gift Card Apple iTunes Store Card Google Play Store Card Prepaid Gift Card Computer Software License Microsoft Windows Software Licenses Microsoft Office Software Licenses Antivirus Softwares Computer Accessories Laptop Cases & Backpack Bag Computer Cables & Connector Power Banks Computer Mouse & Presenter Computer Keyboard Adaptors, Chargers & Batteries Laptop Cleaning Kit Docking Stations Hubs & Card Readers Office Equipment Calculators & Stationary Printer Paper Screen Protector Stands, Mounts & Holders Stylus Pen Webcam ( Computer Camera ) Sound Speakers & Headphones Earphones & Headphones Computers Speakers Phones Mobile Phones Apple iPhone Samsung Mobile Phone Lenovo Mobile Phone Huawei Mobile Phone HTC Mobile Phone LG Mobile Phone Solarin Phones Nokia Mobile Phone BlackBerry Mobile Phone More Mobile Phones Mobile Phone Accessories Mobile Phone Case & Cover Mobile Phone Screen Protector Mobile Phone Charger & Battery Mobile Phone Power Bank Mobile Phone Cable & Connector Mobile Phone Cleaning Kit VR Headsets Mobile Phone Docking Station Mobile Xiomi Accessories Hubs & Mobile Card Readers Smart Phone Keyboard Memory Cards Miscellaneous Accessories Selfie Sticks Stands, Mounts & Holders Apple Watch Headphones & Speakers Mobile Headphone & Earphone Sound Speaker Landline Telephones Landline Phone System Wearable Technology Devices Smart Watches Smart Bands & Trackers Smartwatches Band Home Entertainment TV & Screen Full HD TV LED Screen UHD 4K TV Screen Curved TV LED Screen Home Theater System All In One Sound Bars Audio Video Receivers Home Speaker Systems Video Players & Receivers AV Receiver Media Players DVD Players Blu Ray Players Audio Players iPod & MP3 Players Boomboxes Hi Fi Sound System Network Audio Device Trolley Speakers Speaker Systems Car Audio & GPS Car Stereos Car Amplifiers Car GPS Car Speakers Musical & DJ Equipment Sound Mixer Sound Controller Music Player Sound Speaker Organ Guitar TV Accessories TV Wall Brackets & Stands TV Stands Mounts & Holders Smart TV Accessories TV Adaptors, Chargers & Batteries TV Headphones & Earphones TV Voice Recorders TV Memory Cards TV Cables & Connectors TV Docking Stations TV Microphones TV Miscellaneous Accessories Karaoke Systems Karaoke Systems Handheld Karaoke Consoles & Video Games Game Consoles PlayStation PS4 Consoles XBOX Consoles Nintendo Consoles Console & PC Games PlayStation 4 Xbox One PC Nintendo Switch PlayStation 3 Xbox 360 Nintendo Wii U Nintendo Wii PlayStation Vita Nintendo 3DS Other Gaming Systems Gaming Laptops Gaming Desktops Gaming Monitors Gaming Accessories Gaming Controllers Gaming Mice & Mouse Pads Gaming Cool Stuff Gaming Cables & Connectors Gaming Adapters, Chargers & Batteries Gaming Cases, Sleeves & Backpacks Gaming Headphones & Headsets Gaming Keyboards Gaming Memory Cards Gaming Miscellaneous Accessories Racing Wheels & Gaming Chairs Gaming Screen Guards Gaming Speaker Systems Gaming Stands Mounts & Holders Other Gaming Accessories Game Cards & Subscriptions PlayStation PSN Card Xbox Live Card Nintendo eShop Card Game Cards Collectible Toys Smart Toys VR Headsets & Gear PlayStation VR Headset Cameras & Drones Cameras Digital SLR Compact Cameras Instant Cameras Mirrorless Cameras Bridge Cameras Camcorders 360 Cameras Video Cameras Dashboard Cameras Handheld & Action Cameras GoPro & Accessories Handheld Cameras. More Action Cameras Drones DJI Drones 3DR Micro Drone Hubsan Other Drones Binoculars & Telescopes Thermal Cameras Binoculars Mobile Photography Security Cameras IP Surveillance Cameras Baby Monitors Photography Accessories Camera Memory Cards Camera Cases & Backpacks Camera Monopods & Tripods Lenses Camera Flashes & Filters Camera Adaptors, Chargers & Batteries Stands, Mounts & Holders Camera Cables & Connectors Photography Accessories Photos Paper Printers & Accessories Printers Photo Papers Home Supplies & Pet Care Major Appliances Refrigeration Washers & Dryers Major Cooking Air Conditioners Water Treatment Home Bundles Ice-Cube Makers Accessories Kitchen Appliances Coffee Makers & Grinders Microwave Ovens Fryers & Rice Cookers Trolleys Kitchenware Blenders Kettles Meat Mincers & Choppers Food Processors & Cake Beaters Juicers Toasters & Sandwich Makers Electric Ovens Fun Cooking Ice Makers Grills and Stoves Kitchen Accessories Appliances Irons & Steamers Dry Irons Steam Irons Vertical Steamers Accessories Vacuum & Floor Cleaners Canister Vacuum Cleaners Drum Vacuum Cleaners Pressure Washers Floor Care Accessories Pet Care Food Hygiene Accessories Fans & Heaters Fans & Air Coolers Electric Heaters Oil Heaters Luxury Heaters Home Automation Technology Environmental Control Entertainment Security Communications Gadgets Home Equipment & Tools Safes Home Tools Lamps Home Range Accessories Hardware & Power Tools Hand Tools Power Tools Lamps & Lighting Batteries Home Accessories Adaptors Chargers & Batteries Arm Builders Bars & Floor Mats BBQ & Grill Boards Dryers & Racks Wash & Cleaning Brush Covers & Bags Filters & Humidifiers Grips & Gloves Hoods & Bars Hose Mirrors & Bulbs Misc Accessories Mugs Flasks & Containers Shaving Heads & Trimmers Stands Mounts & Holders Spray Freshners & Detergents Wall Bracket Health, Gym & Personal Care Fitness Equipment Treadmills Stationary Bikes & Cross Trainers Gym Equipment Gym Accessories Personal Care Hair Straightners Body Groomers Hair Dryers Shavers Hair Stylers Trimmers Epilators Personal Care Accessories Massage Equipment Massage Chairs Foot Spa Other Massagers Purifiers Air Purifier Water Purifier Health Monitors Personal Scales Blood Pressure Monitor Glucometer Thermometer Nebuliser Camping & Gardening Camping Tools BBQ Grills Generators Insect Killers Lights & Lanterns Heaters Action Cameras Binoculars Camping Accessories Barbecue Tools Camping Essentials Cooking Essentials Coffee Makers Fryers Kettles Juicers Toasters & Sandwich Makers Fun Cooking Grills and Stoves Portable Speakers Trolley Speakers Bluetooth Speakers Boomboxes Hi Fi Sound System Gardening Tools Lawn Mowers Trimmers Blowers Sprayers Tillers Perfume, Watches & Travel Watches Men's Watches Ladies Watches Unisex Watches Kids Watches Accessories Perfumes Perfume for Women Perfumes for Men Kids Perfumes Classic Perfumes Luxury Perfumes Luggage & Accessories Backpacks Hard Trolley Bags Soft Trolley Bags Travel Accessories Smart Wearables Smart Watches Smart Bands & Trackers Baby Needs & Kids Products Feeding Baby Bottles Baby Soothing Sterilizers Baby Pacifiers Baby Bottle Warmers Baby Seat & Stroller Baby Car Seat Baby Stroller Baby Highchair Baby Playard Baby Activity Seat Baby Travel System Stroller Child Accessories Soother Accessories Baby Carrier Baby Toys Health Care Baby's Bath Supplies Baby Skin Care Products Child Home Safety Equipment Baby Monitors Smart Toys AppyKids Ubtech iTunes & Game Cards Online Game Cards PSN Cards Xbox Live Cards Steam Wallet Cards Nintendo eShop Card Prepaid Cards Apple iTunes Card Google Play Card. Computers & Tablets Phones Home Entertainment Consoles & Video Games Cameras & Drones Home Supplies & Pet Care Health, Gym & Personal Care Camping & Gardening Perfume, Watches & Travel Baby Needs & Kids Products iTunes & Game Cards. Tablets Laptop & Computer Computer Peripherals Computer Storage Device Prepaid Gift Card Computer Software License Computer Accessories Sound Speakers & Headphones. Apple iPad Samsung Galaxy Tab Microsoft Surface Tablet Wacom See More. Laptop Apple MacBook Desktop PC Computer Monitor See More. Business Requirements Screens & Projectors Desktop & Office Printers Computer Scanner See More. Hard Drives Flash Drives CD & DVD DVD Drives See More. Apple iTunes Store Card Google Play Store Card Prepaid Gift Card. Laptop Cases & Backpack Bag Computer Cables & Connector Power Banks Computer Mouse & Presenter See More. Mobile Phones Mobile Phone Accessories Headphones & Speakers Landline Telephones Wearable Technology Devices. Apple iPhone Samsung Mobile Phone Lenovo Mobile Phone Huawei Mobile Phone See More. Mobile Phone Case & Cover Mobile Phone Screen Protector Mobile Phone Charger & Battery Mobile Phone Power Bank See More. Mobile Headphone & Earphone Sound Speaker. Smart Watches Smart Bands & Trackers Smartwatches Band. TV & Screen Home Theater System Video Players & Receivers Audio Players Car Audio & GPS Musical & DJ Equipment TV Accessories Karaoke Systems. Full HD TV LED Screen UHD 4K TV Screen Curved TV LED Screen. All In One Sound Bars Audio Video Receivers Home Speaker Systems See More. AV Receiver Media Players DVD Players Blu Ray Players See More. iPod & MP3 Players Boomboxes Hi Fi Sound System Network Audio Device See More. Car Stereos Car Amplifiers Car GPS Car Speakers See More. Sound Mixer Sound Controller Music Player Sound Speaker See More. TV Wall Brackets & Stands TV Stands Mounts & Holders Smart TV Accessories TV Adaptors, Chargers &... Game Consoles Console & PC Games Gaming Systems Gaming Accessories Game Cards & Subscriptions Collectible Toys VR Headsets & Gear. PlayStation PS4 Consoles XBOX Consoles Nintendo Consoles. PlayStation 4 Xbox One PC Nintendo Switch See More. Gaming Laptops Gaming Desktops Gaming Monitors. Gaming Controllers Gaming Mice & Mouse Pads Gaming Cool Stuff Gaming Cables & Connectors See More. PlayStation PSN Card Xbox Live Card Nintendo eShop Card Game Cards See More. Cameras Camcorders Handheld & Action Cameras Drones Binoculars & Telescopes Security Cameras Photography Accessories Printers & Accessories. Digital SLR Compact Cameras Instant Cameras Mirrorless Cameras See More. 360 Cameras Video Cameras Dashboard Cameras. DJI Drones 3DR Micro Drone Hubsan See More. Camera Memory Cards Camera Cases & Backpacks Camera Monopods & Tripods Lenses See More. Major Appliances Kitchen Appliances Irons & Steamers Vacuum & Floor Cleaners Pet Care Fans & Heaters Home Automation Technology Home Equipment & Tools. Refrigeration Washers & Dryers Major Cooking Air Conditioners See More. Coffee Makers & Grinders Microwave Ovens Fryers & Rice Cookers Trolleys See More. Dry Irons Steam Irons Vertical Steamers Accessories See More. Canister Vacuum Cleaners Drum Vacuum Cleaners Pressure Washers Floor Care Accessories See More. Fans & Air Coolers Electric Heaters Oil Heaters Luxury Heaters See More. Environmental Control Entertainment Security Communications See More. Safes Home Tools Lamps Home Range Accessories See More. Fitness Equipment Personal Care Massage Equipment Purifiers Health Monitors. Gym Equipment Gym Accessories See More. Hair Straightners Body Groomers Hair Dryers Shavers See More. Massage Chairs Foot Spa Other Massagers. Personal Scales Blood Pressure Monitor Glucometer Thermometer See More. Camping Tools Camping Accessories Cooking Essentials Portable Speakers Gardening Tools. BBQ Grills Generators Insect Killers Lights & Lanterns See More. Coffee Makers Fryers Kettles Juicers See More. Trolley Speakers Bluetooth Speakers Boomboxes Hi Fi Sound System See More. Lawn Mowers Trimmers Blowers Sprayers See More. Watches Perfumes Luggage & Accessories Smart Wearables. Men's Watches Ladies Watches Unisex Watches Kids Watches See More. Perfume for Women Perfumes for Men Kids Perfumes Classic Perfumes See More. Backpacks Hard Trolley Bags Soft Trolley Bags Travel Accessories See More. Smart Watches Smart Bands & Trackers. Feeding Baby Seat & Stroller Child Accessories Health Care Baby Monitors Smart Toys. Baby Bottles Baby Soothing Sterilizers Baby Pacifiers See More. Baby Car Seat Baby Stroller Baby Highchair Baby Playard See More. Soother Accessories Baby Carrier Baby Toys. Baby's Bath Supplies Baby Skin Care Products Child Home Safety Equipment. PSN Cards Xbox Live Cards Steam Wallet Cards Nintendo eShop Card See More. Apple iTunes Card Google Play Card. You have no items in your shopping cart.. JavaScript seems to be disabled in your browser. You must have JavaScript enabled in your browser to utilize the functionality of this website.. HTC Desire 10 Compact 32GB Phone - Black. HTC Desire 10 Compact 32GB Phone - Black. Hurry! Only 4 left in stock.. Available on Credit at KD 3 Monthly Installment. Available on Credit for the following terms :. Select Mode of Payment as 'Monthly Installments'.. Montly installments indicated are only for reference. The exact installment would be calculated on checkout based on total cart value.. You will be required to fill in accurate personal details for the credit application to be processed successfully.. Expandable Storage Up to 128GB MicroSD (Dedicated slot). 5.0 inches IPS LCD capacitive touchscreen, 16M colors (720 x 1280) pixels. Primary Camera: 13 MP, f/2.2, 28mm, autofocus, LED flash. Secondary Camera: 5 MP, f/2.8, 34mm. 4G LTE + Wi-Fi + Dual SIM. Don't want to wait for delivery?. Order online & pick it up from a showroom.. Showroom Pickup (Products must be collected within 48 hours). 100% Buyer Protection 14 Days Return Policy* Warranty Coverage. 100% Genuine Product Verified & Trusted. Why to buy HTC Desire 10 Compact 32GB Phone - Black :. When it comes to capturing magic moments, HTC Desire 10 Compact has you covered front and back. The 13MP main camera takes clear, bright photos and High Definition video even in low light. While the phone's 5MP selfie camera makes sharing the best of you.. Make your phone as unique as you are. HTC Compact Layout frees you from an onscreen grid and lets you get creative. Drag icons, stickers and widgets anywhere. Layer them, overlap them, group them and more. You can even link stickers to apps, and get rid of onscreen icons entirely. The home screen is yours, use it your way.. A sophisticated take on the HTC Desire series that brings you an elegant design as well as a top-tier sound experience with high fidelity speakers that bring your music and movies to life.. HTC Desire 10 Compact gives you more space for the things that are important with a massive 3GB of RAM and 32GB storage space. So you can load up on photos, videos, movies, games and more. And if that’s not enough room, HTC Desire 10 Compact has SD card support for more capacity expandable memory.. Disclaimer: Information below is directly from manufacturer/3rd party and is for additional information only. Xcite is not liable for any inaccuracies or discrepancies in the information provided below.. Disclaimer: Information below is directly from manufacturer/3rd party and is for additional information only. Xcite is not liable for any inaccuracies or discrepancies in the information provided below.. Information on HTC Desire 10 Compact 32GB Phone - Black:. IPS LCD capacitive touchscreen, 16M colors. Geo-tagging, touch focus, face detection, HDR, panorama | Video: [email. 2 SIM Card Slot + 1 Memory Card Slot. Dimensions (H x L x W). 144 x 72.5 x 8.75 mm. Here at X-cite, we keep our product catalog up to date with the newest product releases so you can have the latest and greatest technologies at your fingertips.. From Flash Deals , Daily Deals , Weekly Deals to Monthly Deals. We have them all! Simply subscribe to our Newsletter and be the first to know about our amazing offers.. You can choose to pay for your products at the time of delivery using Cash or Credit Card, which ever is convenient for you.. As a leading retailer, X-cite ensures your peace of mind with our employment of advanced security technologies. We use the most secure payment gateways and make sure your purchases are safe.. We strive to deliver your products within 48-Hours of placing your order. Products that require installation may take longer to deliver. Visit our Terms & Conditions for more information.. Products that require installation, such as TVs larger than 32-inch or air conditioning units, will be installed by our team of experts for free.. You can return or exchange your product within 14 days of purchase at any of our showrooms or you may call customer care at 1803535 to schedule a pick up from your home. For more details, visit our Buyer Protection page and "Returns Are Easy" section in our Terms & Conditions. Think you might need an extended warranty on the product you are about to purchase? Well, you're in luck! X-cite offers up to 5 Years of extended warranty on top of the 1 Year warranty it already offers! Check out our Terms & Conditions to learn more. Buying electronics from X-cite just got easier! Buy on Easy Credit and pay for your purchases through easy and flexible monthly installments starting at an affordable KD 5 per month.. All the latest and best offers delivered right to your inbox! Subscribe now.. © 2018 X-cite General Trading Co. 
Super Sale 50% Big Promotion Daily With Our Daily offers Free Back covers and Glass protectors. My Wishlist ( 0 ). Microsoft Lumia phones [caption id="attachment_4688" align="alignleft" width="100"] Nokia Microsoft Lumia phones[/caption]. Tablets are the Bigger Versions of Smartphones with a wide screen for better view with large fonts. At phones stores Kenya we have in stock for you a variety of Tablets from Different Manufacturers to choose from Buy your Online with Us today from the List we have here.. Microsoft Lumia phones [caption id="attachment_4688" align="alignleft" width="100"] Nokia Microsoft Lumia phones[/caption]. Tablets are the Bigger Versions of Smartphones with a wide screen for better view with large fonts. At phones stores Kenya we have in stock for you a variety of Tablets from Different Manufacturers to choose from Buy your Online with Us today from the List we have here.. 0 item(s) - KSh 0.00. Home HTC HTC Desire 10 Compact. KSh 26,500.00 KSh 25,000.00. KSh 21,000.00 KSh 18,000.00. KSh 18,700.00 KSh 16,800.00. Display 5.0” IPS LCD capacitive touchscreen, 16M colors. Processor Octa-core 1.5 GHz Cortex A7. Camera 13 MP / 5 MP. Tag: HTC Desire 10 Compact. For more Details about this phone click here .. Be the first to review “HTC Desire 10 Compact” Cancel reply. Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *. The product is already in the wishlist!. KSh 20,000.00 KSh 17,700.00. The product is already in the wishlist!. The product is already in the wishlist!. Screen size and Type 5.0 IPS LCD capacitive touchscreen. KSh 18,000.00 KSh 15,100.00. The product is already in the wishlist!. The product is already in the wishlist!. HTC Desire 820G,Android smartphone,OS v5.0 Lollipop. Screen 5.5 inches IPS LCD capacitive touchscreen. KSh 18,999.00 KSh 17,000.00. The product is already in the wishlist!. The product is already in the wishlist!. KSh 40,000.00 KSh 23,200.00. The product is already in the wishlist!. The product is already in the wishlist!. KSh 16,999.00 KSh 13,000.00. The product is already in the wishlist!. The product is already in the wishlist!. Screen 5.0 inches capacitive touch screen,. KSh 31,000.00 KSh 24,000.00. The product is already in the wishlist!. Our Readers Views Edgar on Blackberry Passport Recent Posts. Samsung Phones Dealers Safaricom, Jumia, Kilimall and pigiame. List Of Apple iPhone Smartphones In Kenya. Lenovo phones Reviews in Depth and Prices In Kenya. Huawei Nova Plus, Fueatures and Specs in Reviews. Huawei Nova Phone Features and Full Specs In Reviews. Huawei MediaPad T2 10.0 Pro, Full specs and Features in Reviews. Huawei MediaPad T2 7.0 Pro Features And Full Specs In Reviews. Huawei MediaPad M2 10.0, Feautres and Specifications In Reviews. Huawei MediaPad M3 8.4, Features, Specs and Price In Kenya. Huawei Honor 8 Features, specifications and price in Reviews in Kenya. KSh 80,000.00 KSh 77,500.00. KSh 25,500.00 KSh 25,000.00. Moi Avenue, The Bazaar Plaza M1 0716442992 / 0712974119 [email. protected] phonesstorekenya.com Mon - Fri / 8:00 AM - 8:00 PM, Sat 9:00 AM -5:00 PM. Best Online shop for smartphones in Kenya. KSh 80,000.00 KSh 77,500.00. KSh 25,500.00 KSh 25,000.00. Samsung Phones Dealers Safaricom, Jumia, Kilimall and pigiame. List Of Apple iPhone Smartphones In Kenya. Lenovo phones Reviews in Depth and Prices In Kenya. Huawei Nova Plus, Fueatures and Specs in Reviews. Huawei Nova Phone Features and Full Specs In Reviews. Huawei MediaPad T2 10.0 Pro, Full specs and Features in Reviews. QR Code Sign up for News updates!. Get latest offers & new arrivals with our continuous news updates!. 
Pdevice.com: Review, Specification, Price, Compare, Tech News & Details of Mobile Phone and Electronics Gadget Online. How to check that all the Device Drivers are installed properly…. How to select your Mouse Primary Button Left or Right in…. How to Managed Bluetooth Device (Turned on and Off) on Your…. How to Uninstall, Installed Driver from Windows 10 PC using Device…. HTC Desire 10 Compact Smartphone Full Specification. Processor (Clock) : Quad-Core 1.5GHz ARM Cortex-A53. Memory : 3GB, 733 MHz. Screen (Size & Type) : 5.0 inches HD display. Camera Overview : 13 Megapixels / 5 Megapixels. OS Version : Android 6.0 Marshmallow with. The product overall rating and highlights is based on review by our technical experts. All ratings have been selected out of 10.. Body & Design (look and feel). Model – Desire 10 Compact. Device Type – Android 4G Smartphone. CPU – Quad-Core 1.5GHz ARM Cortex-A53. GPU – ARM Mali-T720 MP2, 600MHz, 2-Cores. Camera – 13 Megapixels with Single-LED and AF Rear Camera | 5 Megapixel Front camera. Memory – RAM- 3GB | ROM 32GB External Memory Support up to 128GB. Display – Screen size 5.0 inches HD (1280×720 Pixels). Battery – Non-Removable 3,000 mAh Lithium-Ion. Sensors -Proximity Sensor, Accelerometer, Ambient Light, Compass. Operating System – Android 6.0 Marshmallow with. I/O Interface – 2x Nano SIM Card Slot, microSD/TF Card Slot, Micro USB Port, 3.5mm Audio Out Port, Power Button, Volume Button, Microphone, Speaker. Weight – 155 Grams (With Battery). More Features – Ceramic Body Design, LTE 50 Mbps, HSPA plus, LTE CAT4 150 Mbps Download, HSUPA 5.76 Mbps Upload, HSDPA 21 Mbps Download, Computer Sync, OTA Sync, Tethering, Noise Cancellation, HTC BoomSound, Rounded Edges, HTC Connect, Smart Gesture Controls.. Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window). Each device built on different configuration and platform or operating so here we have divided the devices on their operating system such as Android, Windows, iOS etc. Device brand including their model number,. The initial public announcement by a company or brand for its upcoming gadgets or device with few or full information till its release date.. The release date is the date in which a release was made available through some sort of distribution mechanism. For example, this may be via a online or offline retail store, being published as a available to sale on a website or distributed to industry insiders. the device is available in the market, upcoming device or the company or brand have close the productivity of gadgets. Design Type is a combination of smartphone's size, style, dimensions, weight, color, layout. Mainly there are three types of form factors seen in mobile phones and other computing devices such as bar phones, folding phones, and sliding phones. Display Technology => There are number of display technology available for computing devices such as TFT (Thin Film Transistor), IPS (In-Place Switching), OLED (Organic Light Emitting Diode), AMOLED (Active-Matrix Organic Light-Emitting Diode), Super AMOLED (an advanced version of AMOLED) and there are two types of touchscreen displays Resistive Touchscreen (Resistive touchscreens not only works with human skin but also with stylus pen) and Capacitive Touchscreen (only work with human skin). Display size of each computing device is measured diagonally in inches, cm, or mm. Display Colors refer to the number of different shades of colors that the device screen is capable of displaying mostly there is three display color - 64K colors, 256K colors and 16 million colors used and 16M is the highest available range of colors and better than others.16M display color used in more advanced computing device such as Smartphone , Tablet or Gaming console while the 256K or 64K colors are used for basic handset and entry level computing devices.. Information about the number of pixels per inch of the device screen. The higher the pixels density of any device, the more detailed and clearer content (Image, Video,Graphics, etc) will be shown on the display. Display Protection => is must have feature for all computing device, especially in Smartphone segment there is different-different technology for protecting the display from scratches, drops, water, dust, and bumps of everyday use.Most common display protection technology are corning gorilla glass, Tempered glass, Scratch resistant glass, Full lamination technology, OGS, and More. So whenever you buy a new device you should always consider the smartphone having display protection feature.. Display supports various kind of features such as Contrast ratio, NTSC, 2.5D curved glass, OLED, AMOLED and more features. Some device comes with second display feature along with primary display, usually found in mobile phone.. 1280 x 720 Pixels, 24 bit color depth. Supported Camera Type in the device, dual or single camera. Primary Camera is usually placed on the back side of Smartphone to capture photos and videos. The main attribute of camera are the resolution (measured in Megapixels), lens focus type (automatic or manual). High megapixels mobile can take higher quality pictures and videos but it does not always the quality parameter as there are other factors also responsible for high-quality picture so we can't predict the camera quality by just looking at its megapixels. Good Camera plays important role for any Gadgets it comes with many features such as Autofocus, Continuous shooting, Digital image stabilization, Digital zoom, Face detection, Geotagging, HDR ISO settings, Panorama, Scene mode, Self-timer, Touch focus, White balance settings, PDAF etc. Flash Light => Flashlight are very important in camera for enhancing the picture quality in low-light condition.LED Flash and Xenon Flash are two most common flashlights are used in mobile phones.LED flashlight provides lower power consumption with drive circuitry which takes up little room and can be strobed faster than any other light Source while the Xenon Flash offers an extremely intense full-spectrum white light for a very short duration. secondary camera or front camera in the device like selfies camera in Smartphone, the user can click his own photo using this camera. Dual Camera Set UP (One Front + One Back). 5 Megapixel with F2.8 Aperture, 33.7 mm Focal Length. Chipset is the main part of any computing device such as Mobile, Laptop, Smartwatch, Camera, Tablet etc each one runs on a chipset or SoC which includes CPU, GPU, and Cache memory.Chipset is integrated circuit designed to perform some specific task and popular devices come with more advanced chipset which can perform many different tasks according to their design and programming capabilities. CPU Central Processing Unit or processors,its main function is to interpret and execute instructions in the computing device .Mostly we measure CPU capacity in GHz or MHz with the number of the core such as 2-core, 4-core, 8-core, 10-core etc.Always look for high-power processor first whenever you will purchase a new device. Number of Cores for processor on the device. GPU Stands for Graphics Processing Unit is a single-chip processor designed to rapidly rapid mathematical calculations, primarily for the purpose of rendering images, This includes things such as lighting effects, object transformations, and 3D motion and it is also responsible for high-performance gaming graphics a good GPU always have such kind of power to control the gaming graphics.The common GPU for mobile devices are Qualcomm Adreno, Intel HD graphics, PowerVR, ARM-Mlai etc. RAM (Random Access Memory) is a type of computer memory that can be accessed randomly, and used by Operating system and installed application in the computing device data in the RAM temporarily stored means it will be lost whenever the device is turn off or restarted. Internal Storage also known as secondary memory or ROM is a data storage space (flash memory) mostly used in smartphones, tablets and other electronic devices where operating system, apps, music, photos, videos, files and other content stored.There two types of internal memory expansion expandable and non-expandable. Cache Memory is also known as CPU memory having large cache memory improve the performance of the device.Cache memory is categorized as levels such as Level 1 (L1) cache, Level 2 (L2) cache, and Level 3 (L3) cache. Memory Speed measured in MHz or GHz. External Memory Card Slot is a special slot for inserting a memory card. Memory cards allow you to expand the phone's internal storage, A memory card is a small storage memory used to store content such as text, pictures, audio, and video, for use on small, portable or remote computing devices such as mobile phones, mp3 players, digital cameras. Sensors are electronic components which increased the functionality of any computing device in which they are embedded sensors detects and responds to some type of input from the physical environment. 32 Kb + 32 Kb (L1 Cache Memory), 512 Kb (L2 Cache Memory). Yes External Memory Support up to 128GB. Each mobile device works on the wireless network and these networks are divided into different category such as 2G, 3G, 4G further they are subdivided into the category like GSM, UMTS, LTE on different bands. 2G stands for the second-generation wireless telephone network.It works on Standard like GSM, D-AMPS, PDC.2G Networks supports Digital voice services and slow data transmission (2.5G (GPRS) or 2.75G (EDGE) ) but these networks are faster than analog (1G) systems. 3G stands for the third generation wireless telephone network in compare of 2G it supports faster data speed, always-on data access, better voice transmission capacity.UMTS,WCDMA, Ev-Do are the main standard of 3G technology. 4G stands for the fourth generation of wireless telephone network it is more efficient and faster in terms of data rate, voice transmission and it is very different technology in compare of 3G.The most common standard are LTE (Long Term Evolution) and Mobile WiMAX. SIM stands for Subscriber Identity Module which securely stores subscriber's information such as phone numbers and text messages. Users can easily switch SIM card from one mobile set to another. SIM card is responsible for communication among several mobile devices using different kinds of networks such as GSM, UMTS, LTE etc. Smartphone comes with Single SIM or Dual SIM slot.. GSM / UMTS / LTE. GSM : 850 / 900 / 1800 / 1900 MHz. UMTS : 850 / 900 / 1900 / 2100 MHz. LTE : 800 / 1800 / 2100 / 2600 MHz. OS => Operating System responsible for all basic operations of the device ( smartphone, PDAs, tablet computers, drones, smartwatch and other handheld devices). The Operating System manages and controls the functions of the hardware components of the computing device. There are numbers of OS such as Android, Windows, iOS, BlackBerry and more. UI or user interface (f human–machine interaction) of a device is the look and feel of the on-screen menu system. How it works, its color scheme, how it responds to button presses, all of these things are part of the user interface. Facebook its no 1 popular free social networking site which allows users to create a free account and adds your friends or family in your social list to chat with them, upload photos, videos, video chat and send messages via the internet and keep in touch with friends,Each Smartphone supports Facebook app. Youtube is a popular free video-sharing website, Youtube is the largest video sharing site in the world, Millions of users around the world have created accounts on the site that allow them to upload videos that anyone can watch. Twitter is global microblogging social media website, you can use twitter application on your smartphone, tablet. Microblogging is a broadcast medium that exists in the form of blogging. A microblog differs from a traditional blog in that its content is typically smaller in both actual and aggregated file size. Audio Player, Google Play Store, Google Maps, Google Navigation, Flashlight, Email, Clock, E-book, Calendar, Calculator, Notebook, World Clock, Stopwatch, Browser, FM Radio, Sound Recorder, HTC Apps, VAS Apps. Multimedia Features (Audio, Video and Images). Which type of audio playback supported by the device as there are number of audio format such as WAV, AAC, AMR, MP3, WMA, MIDI, FLAC, etc. FM is a VHF broadcasting technology which uses frequency modulation (FM) to transfer sound over the broadcasting radio. Alert types are types of sound which notify the users when someone sends notifications like a phone call, message, email etc. Yes Support WAV, AAC+, OGG, MIDI, WMA, M4A, MP3, AMR, AAC, eAAC+. Yes Support 3GP, H.263, H.264, MKV, DivX, AVI, WMV, FLV, MP4, M4V. Yes Support JPEG, PNG, GIF, BMP. Yes with 3.5mm Audio Out Port. Wi-Fi is a popular wireless networking technology which provides wireless data connection between various device using radio waves it uses the IEEE 802.11 stands for communication. USB required for transfer or sync the data from one computing device to another such as from Smartphone to computer. Bluetooth is wireless communications technology for exchanging data between mobile phones, headsets, personal computers and other network devices over brief distances without wiring, Bluetooth technology was mostly designed to support simple wireless networking of personal consumer devices. There are different-different types of Bluetooth Profile (A2DP, HID, LE etc) available in each device for exchanging different content within a short distance.. GPS Stands for Global Positioning System is a satellite-based radio navigation technology using it users can track their position, velocity and the time 24 hours a day, in all weather, anywhere in the world, the most common GPS technology are GPS and the GLONASS. NFC stands for Near field communication is a set of short-range wireless communication standards for smartphones and similar computing devices to establish peer-to-peer (P2P) radio communications with each other by touching them together.It works on smaller range around 10cm. HDMI Stands for (High-Definition Multimedia Interface) most commonly used for. transferring video data and digital audio data from a HDMI- device (Smartphone, Tablet, Laptop) to a compatible computer monitor, video projector, digital television, or digital audio device. Infrared (IR) connectivity is an old wireless technology which uses an infrared light to transfer information between two electronic devices over short-range. Wi-Fi 802.11 b/g/n, 2.4 GHz, Wi-Fi Hotspot. Micro USB v2.0 With Charging and Mass Storage Function. Yes Bluetooth v4.1 with A2DP Profile. GPRS GPRS stands for General Packet Radio Service it is also known as GSM-IP is global system mobile communications internet protocol which works in 2G and 3G cellular networks.It provides data speed up to 40 kbps which enable mobile devices to access the internet at a Similar speed of dial-up modem and it is used for wireless data transfer like sharing pictures, text, video or browse the internet via mobile phone connection. EDGE (Enhanced Data Rate for GSM Environment) also known as also known as Enhanced GPRS or EGPRS is a wireless network technology generally considered the next step in the 2G network offers data transfer rates up to four times faster than ordinary GSM networks, Generally, EDGE is used for the purpose of wireless data transfer, such as sharing pictures and videos or browsing the Internet via a mobile phone connection. Data Speed supports by any computing device such as Smartphone, Tablet, Computer, Laptop etc mostly it measured in Mbps (Mega bit per second).A good device always supports faster data speed. Web Browser => used to access information on the world wide web such as text, image, video, audio here we have listed some of the common browsers supported by the device.. LTE 50 Mbps, HSPA plus, LTE CAT4 150 Mbps Download, HSUPA 5.76 Mbps Upload, HSDPA 21 Mbps Download. Google Chrome, Support WAP, HTML, HTML5 Browsers. SMS (Short Messaging Service) is a text messaging service through which users can send text messages up to 160-224 characters to mobile devices such as cell phone, smartphone, and PDAs. MMS stands for Multimedia Messaging Service and it is used for sending multimedia message from one device to another device such as audio clips, video clips, images, text.. Email Email Stands for Electronic mail which used for sending and storing message it just like sending a physical letter.The user can send text messages, images, and other attachments to the recipient using the internet. You can create your account with Gmail, Yahoo, Hotmail or any other without any cost and its necessary to receive any message over internet and email address is unique to each user. IM stands for Instant Messaging is an exchange of text messages through a software application in real time, it enable users to create a kind of private chat room (for example Yahoo! Messenger and Apple's iChat ) with another user in order to communicate in real time over the Internet.. SMS, MMS, Email, Push Mail, IM, Hangouts. Battery Type => The battery is most important part of any electronics device and they powered by different-different kind of battery such as there are basically four types of cell phone batteries Lithium Polymer, Lithium Ion, Nickel Metal Hydride and Nickel Cadmium. Battery Capacity which measure typically in Amp-hr which tells users that how much of the charge stored by the battery. The battery capacity represents the maximum amount of power that can be run any computing device under certain conditions. A good battery always provides consistent power but it also depends on the quality of device, processor, and design. Standby Time is the longest time a phone can remain in the power during single battery charge while the device will not be in active use but constantly connected to the GSM network.. Talk Time is the total time a battery can power a phone under perfect conditions, talk time requires more power and much shorter than standby time. Music play time of the device in hours. The capacity of battery to play video on device. Package Contents: What Accessories is included with this device when you Buy This item from Store,. What is inside the package box.. User Reviews and Discussion about Gadget. Be the first to add a Review. Body & Design (look and feel):. is this price is good for this device or not. 6 / 10 based on your selection. Please post a user review only if you have / had this product.. You May Be Interested in Other Models from HTC. HTC Desire 626 Dual SIM Smartphone Full Specification. HTC Butterfly 3 Smartphone Full Specification. HTC Desire 825 Smartphone Full Specification. HTC Butterfly S Smartphone Full Specification. HTC Vive Virtual Reality Headset Specifications. HTC Desire 728G Dual SIM Smartphone Full Specification. Gadgets Finder – Search Gadget Here. Up to 50% Off On Mobile Phone. Huawei MediaPad M5 8 Tablet Full Specification. Huawei MediaPad M5 8 Wi-Fi Tablet Full Specification. Huawei MediaPad M5 10 Pro Wi-Fi Tablet Full Specification. Huawei MediaPad M5 10 Wi-Fi Tablet Full Specification. Alcatel 1T 10 Tablet Full Specification. Alcatel 1T 7 Tablet Full Specification. LG Signature Edition Smartphone Full Specification. Samsung Galaxy S9 Exynos Smartphone Full Specification. Samsung Galaxy S8 G950K Smartphone Full Specification. Samsung Galaxy S8 G950FD Dual SIM Smartphone Full Specification. Google Pixel XL Smartphone Full Specification. Samsung Galaxy S8 G9500 Smartphone Full Specification. LG V30S ThinQ vs LG V30S+ ThinQ Comparison. ZTE Tempo Go vs ZTE Blade V9 Vita Comparison. Alcatel 1X vs Alcatel 1C Comparison. Alcatel 1X vs Alcatel 3X Comparison. MGCOOL Band 3 Companion App Helps You to Carve More. Samsung Galaxy J7 Neo Smartphone Full Specification. JGAURORA A5 Updated Large Printing Size 3D Printer Just for $359.99 – GearBest Coupon. VOYO i7 Notebook with i7 6500U, 8GB RAM Just for $599.32, Flat $40 GearBest Promo Code. Xiaomi YI 4K+ Action Camera 60fps 120Mbps Only for $249.99, Geekbuying Coupon Code. XDUOO Nano D3 Lossless Music MP3 HiFi Music Player GearBest $6.91 Promo Code. Xiaomi Mi 6 Smartphone with 5.2 inch Display, MIUI 8, Snapdragon 835 Chip Just for $409, GearBest Coupon Code. HBQ – I7 TWS Bluetooth Stereo Double Headsets HD Call for $15.39, GearBest Coupon Code. News 357 How to 252 Samsung 65 Coupons & Deals 63 Xiaomi 39 Apple 36 LG 35 Huawei 35. We Suggest You The Best Smartphone with Great Features. Brand Name (specific brand gadget you want). www.pdevice.com is one of the most useful and informative website where you will get tech news, gadget info such as review and specification, price, compare, site about Smartphone,Tablets, Laptops, smartwatch, vr headset tech specs and lot more about electronics gadgets all around the globe. We provide you with the latest information about electronics gadgets , tips and tricks about gadgets .. © Copyright © 2018 - www.pdevice.com. 
Home All Brands Top 10 Mobile Phones Latest News Latest Mobiles Phones Upcoming Mobiles Phones Model Finder Technology Blog. HTC Desire 10 Compact - Review, Video Review, Unboxing Demo. Mobile Network Support and Band Device Body Design and Display Device Hardware and Operating System Device Photography and Video Memory and Entertainment Features Internet and Data Communication Inside HTC Desire 10 Compact Box (Box Contents) HTC Desire 10 Compact Handset Battery 3000 mAh Charger USB Data Cable 3.5 mm Headset User Guide Warranty Card. HTC Desire 10 Compact was officially announced in February 2017, Device released in February 2017 HTC Desire 10 Compact made under Desire.. HTC Desire 10 Compact have Dual, (Micro Sim + Nano Sim) Card Slots,HTC Desire 10 Compact support all GSM Based network providers. HTC Desire 10 Compact mobile device support 2G Band Frequency at GSM 850,GSM 900,GSM 1800,GSM 1900 and Hight Speed 3G Network Band at HSDPA 850,HSDPA 900,HSDPA 1900,HSDPA 2100,HTC Desire 10 Compact also support LTE based 4G Networks Support at Frequency level LTE 700,LTE 800,LTE 1800,LTE 2600,comes with network handling support with Network settings and work offline with flight Mode.. HTC Desire 10 Compact is a Full touch Bar device and it have device dimension with. Phone weight including the Battery 155g, (Unofficial). HTC Desire 10 Compact display enhanced with IPS LCD Capacitive TouchScreen capable to display 16M Colors at ~294 ppi Pixel Density Touch screen with Multi Touch Support optimized by. Display Resolution of this phone is 720 x 1280 pixels (HD) compact with the 5 Inch display with Mode.Device has Loudspeaker to amplify music playback and tones,. HTC Desire 10 Compact equipped for Android 6.0 (Marshmallow), (HTC Sense UI) Operating System, Device hardware empoweredby MediaTek, MT6737T Chipsetand Quad Core Processor Processor handle manipulate tasks,at the speed of 1.5 GHz.device have 3 GB RAM.HTC Desire 10 Compact have internal storage 32 GB.memory can upgrade Upto 128 GB with MicroSD.HTC Desire 10 Compact have 13 MP Cameraand there is no Camera Flashand 5.0 MP Secondary front Camera.. HTC Desire 10 Compact 13 MP and Photo output come at 13 MP, 4128 x 3096 Pixels Resolution in size camera help us to catch our favorite movements at Photographs and Videos HD Quality.Photo as includes date tagging and GPS based Geo Tagging.VideoVideo Recording at 1080p 30 FPSquality. Camera has powerful Digital Zoom digital zoom help us to focus objects very clear. Autofocus,Touch focus,Face Detection,Smile detection,HDR,Burst Mode,Face Beauty,Voice Capture,Gesture Shot,Low Light Mode, VideoPic features also help us to take more precious photos for our daily use.Camera has powerful digital zoom help us to focus objects very clear. HTC Desire 10 Compact have secondary front camera and takes high quality photos as well Enhanced Camera features like TV Output helps to connect our device directly through LED, LCD TV through HTC Desire 10 Compact.HTC Desire 10 Compact have Sweep Panorama to take pictures around you.. HTC Desire 10 Compact Supports major auto Formats WAV,AAC,AMR,MP3,M4A,WMA,MIDI,OGG,AAC+,eAAC+ and video Formats 3GP,MP4,FLV,WMV,AVI,DivX,MKV,H.264,H.263,M4V, device haveMini headphone headphone jackHTC Desire 10 Compact have internal storage 32 GB help to storage enough data of music and video files.expendable memory can upgrade Upto 128 GB with MicroSD Memory Card.HTC Desire 10 Compact supports Stereo FM Radio along with FM Recording feature.Device have the power to playback musics Up to 20 Hrs through standard Media Player.able to play videos Up to 6 Hrs. HTC Desire 10 Compact Supports 2G Transfersand 3G TransfersData Transfer with GPRS and with EDGE.Data communication speed through HSPA plus,LTE CAT4 150 Mbps DL,LTE 150 Mbps UL,Data connection also through Wi-Fi 802.11 b/g/n, 2.4 GHz.Wi-Fi supports dual band Hotspot support to share internet connection through HTC Desire 10 Compact. Device support to browse web pages through with Google Chrome Browser, which supports you to browse web pages.browser also supports Adobe Flash. Personal data transfers through Bluetooth 4.1 Device comes with which helps to view mapsand locate our location through GPS Tracking help us for Navigation or Direction. Device supports messaging features SMS,MMS,Email,Push Mail,IM,Hangouts.. » Full Specifications » User Opinions & Review » Compare » Pictures » 360° View » Related Phones » Review » Related News » User Manual » Photo Quality » Video Quality Tweet Popularity and Rating Rate this Mobile Phone Design. 0 1 2 3 4 5 Features. 0 1 2 3 4 5 Performance. 0 1 2 3 4 5. Categories » 4G VoLTE Mobiles » Apple iOS Mobiles » Android 4G » Dual Camera Phone » Dual Sim Mobiles » Android Smartphone » Dual OS Smartphone » Android Dual Sim » Android One » Android CDMA » Tablet » Android Tablet » Windows 4G » Windows Mobiles » Windows Tablet » Smartphone » CDMA Phone » GSM & CDMA Phone » Dual OS Tablets » Dual SIM Qwerty » Ubuntu Tablet » Ubuntu Mobiles » Basic Dual Sim » Basic Phone » Qwerty Phones » Touch & Type » Triple Sim Mobile » Slide phones » Android Camera Top Brands » Samsung » Apple » Nokia » Google » Lenovo » Motorola » BlackBerry » Huawei » Alcatel » HTC » OnePlus » LG » Asus » Xiaomi » ZTE » Micromax » Oppo » Karbonn » Vivo » Acer » Intex » BLU » Gionee » Vodafone » Lava » All Brands. ZTE Blade V9 Vita Nokia 7 Plus Nokia 8 Sirocco Nokia 1 Samsung Galaxy S9+ SM-G965 Samsung Galaxy S9 SM-G960 Oppo R15 Plus Oppo R15. ZTE Blade V9 Vita Nokia 7 Plus Nokia 8 Sirocco Nokia 1. HTC Desire 10 Compact Announced February 2018, weight 145g, 5.45” IPS LCD Capacitive TouchScreen, 13 MP Camera, Bluetooth 4.1,Wi-Fi Price in February 2018 View Full Specifications | Unboxing Pictures | Manual Download | 360 View. HTC Desire 10 Compact Announced February 2018, weight 155g, 6” IPS LCD Capacitive TouchScreen, 12 MP Camera, Bluetooth 5.0,Wi-Fi Price in February 2018 View Full Specifications | Unboxing Pictures | Manual Download | 360 View. HTC Desire 10 Compact Announced February 2018, weight 156g, 5.5” P-OLED Capacitive Touch Screen, 12 MP Camera, Bluetooth 5.0,Wi-Fi Price in February 2018 View Full Specifications | Unboxing Pictures | Manual Download | 360 View. HTC Desire 10 Compact Announced February 2018, weight 131g, 4.5” IPS LCD Capacitive TouchScreen, 5.0 MP Camera, Bluetooth 4.2,Wi-Fi Price in February 2018 View Full Specifications | Unboxing Pictures | Manual Download | 360 View. » Specifications » 360° View » Pictures » Photo Quality. Home | Privacy Policy. 
Home Privacy Policy Disclaimer About Us Contact Us. Home Privacy Policy Disclaimer About Us Contact Us. Home HTC HTC Desire 10 Compact Specs & Price In Kenya. HTC HTC Desire 10 Compact Specs & Price In Kenya. 5.0 inches display, 720 pixels x 1280 pixels screen resolution, 294PPI Android v6.0 (Marshmallow) operating system Mediatek MT6737T, Quad-core 1.5GHz Cortex-A57 CPU 3GB RAM 32GB internal storage (supports microSD up-to 128GB) 13MP rear camera (28mm, f/2.2,LED flash, Autofocus) Features of the rear camera: Geo-tagging, face detection, touch focus, panorama, HDR, 1080p@30fps video 5MP front camera (34mm, f/2.8) Connectivity: WLAN, Bluetooth, GPS, MicroUSB Sensors: Proximity, Accelerometer 3300mAh Li-Ion non-removable battery HTC Desire 10 Compact Price In Kenya Shop Price Safaricom Not available Jumia KSh16,165.00 Order Now! Phone Place KSh 16,700.00 Order Now! Phones Store KSh 16,800.00 Order Now! Phone Point KSh 16,900.00 Order Now! Specifications Review HTC Desire 10 Compact Full Specs. LAUNCH Q1, 2017 SUPPORTED NETWORKS 2G Yes 3G Yes 4G Yes BODY Weight - Dimensions - Body Material - SIM Nano/Micro SIM DISPLAY Size 5.0 inches Type IPS LCD, capacitive touchscreen with 16 million colors Resolution 720 pixels x 1280 pixels (294PPI) Protection - PLATFORM Operating System Android v6.0 Marshmallow Chipset Mediatek MT6737T Processor Quad-core 1.5 GHz Cortex-A7 GPU - MEMORY RAM 3GB Internal Storage 32GB Micro SD Slot Yes, up to 128GB CAMERA Back 13 Megapixels Features f/2.2, autofocus, LED flash, geo-tagging, panorama, touch focus, HDR, panorama & 1080p@30fps Front 5 Megapixels Features f/2.8 SOUND Loudspeaker Yes 3.5mm jack Yes Alert types Vibration, ringtones CONNECTIVITY WLAN Wi-Fi 802.11 b/g/n, hotspot Bluetooth v4.1, A2DP, LE GPS Yes, with A-GPS USB micr0USB 2.0 Radio Yes NFC No SENSORS Fingerprint No Accelerometer Yes Gyroscope No Proximity Yes Compass No Barometer No BATTERY Capacity 3300mAh Type Li-Ion, non-removable Talk time - Music play time -. The HTC Desire 10 Compact is a mid-range phone that features a 5.0 inches display, Quad-core 1.5GHz Mediatek MT6737T CPU and 3GB of RAM.. This smartphone was announced in the first quarter of 2017. Here, you will find the price of HTC Desire 10 Compact in Kenya at different shops and its specifications.. The Key Features Of HTC 10 Compact. You can also see all HTC Desire phones available in Kenya .. This a decent looking smartphone that comes with a 5.0-inches display with a resolution of 720 x 1280 pixels. This resolution may be not so impressive for a phone in its price range, but it is not bad for a compact phone with a 5.0 inches display.. The HTC 10 Compact fairs well in the camera department. This phone has a 13MP camera with autofocus, LED flash and f/2.2 aperture on the rear and a 5MP front facing shooter. The features of the rear camera include face detection, geo-tagging, touch focus, HDR and panorama.. This phone provides 32GB internal storage space. If this space is not enough, you can use a microSD card (up-to 128GB) to increase storage.. This smartphone is powered by quad-core Mediatek MT6737T CPU paired with 3GB of RAM. Thi should offer better than average performance.. The quad-core COu clocks at 1.5GHz, keeping the phone fast and responsive.. This smartphone runs on Android v6.0 Marshmallow. The HTC 10 compact is powered by a 3300mAh battery.. Previous article HTC One A9 Specs & Price In Kenya. Next article HTC U Play Specs & Price In Kenya. HTC U11 Eyes Specs & Price In Kenya. HTC One X10 Specs & Price In Kenya. HTC Desire 10 Pro Specs & Price In Kenya. LEAVE A REPLY Cancel reply. You have entered an incorrect email address!. Please enter your email address here. Apple – Nokia – Tecno – Samsung – Infinix – Oppo – X-TIGI – HTC – Huawei – iBrit – Blackberry – InnJoo – Sony. Deliveries To All Locations In Kenya. Athi | River | Ngong | Kisii | Kajiado | Webuye | Meru. | Chuka | Maua | Homa Bay | Kitui | Kerugoya | Molo | Mumias | Iten | Kericho | Kilifi | Kabarnet | Kapsabet | Narok | Mtwapa | Kikuyu | Ukunda | Taveta | Wote | Isiolo | Kapenguria | Maralal | Wundanyi | Malindi |. Edit with Live CSS Save. Write CSS OR LESS and hit save. 
The next video is starting stop. HTC Desire 10 Compact - Specs, Features, Review, News, Price. Want to watch this again later?. Sign in to add this video to a playlist.. Sign in to report inappropriate content.. Sign in to make your opinion count.. Sign in to make your opinion count.. Rating is available when the video has been rented.. This feature is not available right now. HTC Desire 10 Compact Android smartphone. Features 5.0″ IPS LCD display, MT6737T chipset, 13 MP primary camera, 5 MP front camera, 3300 mAh battery, 32 GB storage, 3 GB RAM. This video contains - HTC Desire 10 Compact Specs HTC Desire 10 Compact Features HTC Desire 10 Compact Full Specifications HTC Desire 10 Compact Full Features HTC Desire 10 Compact Reviews HTC Desire 10 Compact Unboxing HTC Desire 10 Compact Specifications HTC Desire 10 Compact Price HTC Desire 10 Compact Launch HTC Desire 10 Compact Launch Video HTC Desire 10 Compact Hands On HTC Desire 10 Compact Keynote HTC Desire 10 Compact Camera. When autoplay is enabled, a suggested video will automatically play next.. HTC Desire 10 Lifestyle Full Review and Unboxing. THE BEST PHONE htc EVER MADE !!. Best HTC Mobile Phones in 2017. HTC Desire 10 pro hands on review [COMPLETE]. 50+ Tips and Tricks for HTC 10. HTC Desire 10 Lifestyle Gorilla Glass Screen Scratch Test. Should You Buy HTC Desire 10 Pro in 2018 - Full Review!!!. HTC 10 Revisited: One Year Later. HTC 10 Unboxing, Setup & First Look! (4K). HTC Desire 10 Specifications & First 3D Video Rendering Based on the Leakes. HTC Desire 10 Lifestyle - Unbox and Review. HTC Desire 626 SECRET CODES / HIDDEN MENU / HTC TRICKS. Sign in to add this to Watch Later. 
Home › HTC › Desire 10 Compact HTC Desire 10 Compact - Specifications. Most recent comparisons including HTC Desire 10 Compact List of the latest comparisons made by the website visitors, which include HTC Desire 10 Compact Last viewed devices List of mobile devices, whose specifications have been recently viewed.. Specifications Display Camera CPU Battery Prices 1. SoC : MediaTek MT6737T CPU : ARM Cortex-A53, 1500 MHz, Cores : 4 GPU : ARM Mali-T720 MP2, 600 MHz, Cores : 2 RAM : 3 GB, 733 MHz Storage : 32 GB Memory cards : microSD, microSDHC, microSDXC Display : 5 in, IPS, 720 x 1280 pixels, 24 bit Battery : 3300 mAh, Li-Ion OS : Android 6.0 Marshmallow Camera : 4160 x 3120 pixels, 1920 x 1080 pixels, 30 fps SIM card : Nano-SIM Wi-Fi : b, g, n, Wi-Fi Hotspot USB : 2.0, Micro USB Bluetooth : 4.1 Positioning : GPS, A-GPS, GLONASS. Brand and model Information about the brand, model and model alias (if any) of a specific device. Brand HTC Model Desire 10 Compact Design Information about the dimensions and weight of the device, shown in different measurement units. Colors Black White SIM card The Subscriber Identity Module (SIM) is used in mobile devices for storing data authenticating the subscribers of mobile services. SIM card type Nano-SIM (4FF - fourth form factor, since 2012, 12.30 x 8.80 x 0.67 mm) Number of SIM cards 2 Features Dual SIM stand-by (Both cards are active. When one is busy, the other is not active) Networks A mobile (cellular) network is a radio system, which allows a large number of mobile devices to communicate with each other. GSM GSM 850 MHz GSM 900 MHz GSM 1800 MHz GSM 1900 MHz UMTS UMTS 850 MHz UMTS 900 MHz UMTS 1900 MHz UMTS 2100 MHz LTE LTE 800 MHz LTE 1800 MHz LTE 2100 MHz LTE 2600 MHz Mobile network technologies and bandwidth Communication between devices within mobile networks is realized via various generations of network technologies, which provide different bandwidth. Mobile network technologies UMTS (384 kbit/s ) EDGE GPRS HSPA+ LTE Cat 4 (51.0 Mbit/s , 150.8 Mbit/s ) Operating system Operating system is the system software, which manages and controls the functioning of the hardware components of the device. Operating system (OS) Android 6.0 Marshmallow User interface (UI) Sense System on Chip (SoC) A system on a chip (SoC) includes into a single chip some of the main hardware components of the mobile device. SoC MediaTek MT6737T Process technology 28 nm (nanometers) CPU ARM Cortex-A53 CPU bits 64 bit Instruction set ARMv8-A Level 1 cache memory (L1) 32 KB + 32 KB (kilobytes) Level 2 cache memory (L2) 512 KB (kilobytes) 0.5 MB (megabytes) CPU cores 4 CPU frequency 1500 MHz (megahertz) GPU ARM Mali-T720 MP2 GPU cores 2 GPU frequency 600 MHz (megahertz) RAM capacity 3 GB (gigabytes) RAM type LPDDR3 RAM channels Single channel RAM frequency 733 MHz (megahertz) Storage Every mobile device has a built-in storage (internal memory) with a fixed capacity. Storage 32 GB (gigabytes) Memory cards Memory cards are used in mobile devices for expanding their external storage capacity. Types microSD microSDHC microSDXC Display The display of a mobile device is characterized by its technology, resolution, pixel density, diagonal length, color depth, etc. Type/technology IPS Diagonal size 5 in (inches) 127 mm (millimeters) 12.7 cm (centimeters) Width 2.45 in (inches) 62.26 mm (millimeters) 6.23 cm (centimeters) Height 4.36 in (inches) 110.69 mm (millimeters) 11.07 cm (centimeters) Aspect ratio 1.778:1 16:9 Resolution 720 x 1280 pixels Pixel density 294 ppi (pixels per inch) 115 ppcm (pixels per centimeter) Color depth 24 bit 16777216 colors Other features Capacitive Multi-touch Sensors Different sensors measure different physical quantities and convert them into signals recognizable by the mobile device. Sensors Proximity Light Accelerometer Compass Primary camera The primary camera of the mobile device is usually placed at its back and is used for taking photos and recording videos. Sensor type CMOS BSI (backside illumination) Aperture f/2.2 Flash type LED Image resolution 4160 x 3120 pixels 12.98 MP (megapixels) Video resolution 1920 x 1080 pixels 2.07 MP (megapixels) Video FPS 30 fps (frames per second) Features Autofocus Continuous shooting Digital zoom Geotagging Panorama HDR Touch focus Face detection White balance settings ISO settings Exposure compensation Self-timer Scene mode Focal length (35 mm equivalent) - 28 mm Secondary camera Secondary cameras are placed above the screen of the device and are usually used for video calls, gesture recognition, etc. Sensor type CMOS (complementary metal-oxide semiconductor) Aperture f/2.8 Image resolution 2560 x 1920 pixels 4.92 MP (megapixels) Video resolution 1920 x 1080 pixels 2.07 MP (megapixels) Video FPS 30 fps (frames per second) Focal length (35 mm equivalent) - 33.7 mm Audio Information about the type of speakers and the audio technologies supported by the device. Speaker Loudspeaker Earpiece Radio The radio in a mobile device is a built-in FM radio receiver. Radio Yes Tracking/Positioning Information about the positioning and navigation technologies supported by the device. Tracking/Positioning GPS A-GPS GLONASS Wi-Fi Wi-Fi is a technology that provides wireless data connections between various devices within a short range. Wi-Fi 802.11b (IEEE 802.11b-1999) 802.11g (IEEE 802.11g-2003) 802.11n (IEEE 802.11n-2009) Wi-Fi Hotspot Bluetooth Bluetooth is a standard for secure wireless data transfer between different types of devices over short distances. Version 4.1 Features A2DP (Advanced Audio Distribution Profile) USB The Universal Serial Bus (USB) is an industry standard that allows different electronic devices to exchange data. Connector type Micro USB Version 2.0 Features Charging Mass storage Headphone jack The headphone jack is an audio phone connector, a.k.a. The most widely used one in mobile devices is the 3.5 mm headphone jack. Headphone jack Yes Connectivity Information about other important connectivity technologies supported by the devices. Connectivity Computer sync OTA sync Tethering Browser A web browser is a software application for accessing, fetching, displaying and navigating through information on the World Wide Web. Browser HTML HTML5 CSS 3 Audio file formats/codecs Mobile devices support various audio file formats and codecs, which respectively store and code/decode digital audio data. Audio file formats/codecs AAC (Advanced Audio Coding) AC3 / AC-3 AMR / AMR-NB / GSM-AMR (Adaptive Multi-Rate, .amr, .3ga) eAAC+ / aacPlus v2 / HE-AAC v2 FLAC (Free Lossless Audio Codec, .flac) M4A (MPEG-4 Audio, .m4a) MIDI MP3 (MPEG-2 Audio Layer II, .mp3) OGG (.ogg, .ogv, .oga, .ogx, .spx, .opus) WMA (Windows Media Audio, .wma) WAV (Waveform Audio File Format, .wav, .wave) Video file formats/codecs Mobile devices support various video file formats and codecs, which respectively store and code/decode digital video data. Video file formats/codecs 3GPP (3rd Generation Partnership Project, .3gp) 3GPP2 (3rd Generation Partnership Project 2, .3g2) AVI (Audio Video Interleaved, .avi) MP4 (MPEG-4 Part 14, .mp4, .m4a, .m4p, .m4b, .m4r, .m4v) Xvid Battery The batteries of mobile devices differ in capacity and technology. They provide the electrical charge needed for the functioning of the devices. Capacity 3300 mAh (milliampere-hours) Type Li-Ion Features Non-removable. Brand name of the company that manufactures the device.. Information about the colors, in which the device is available in the market.. Information about the type and size (form factor) of the SIM card used in the device.. Information about the number of SIM cards, supported by the device.. Information about some specific features related to the SIM card(s) of the device.. GSM (Global System for Mobile Communications) was developed to replace the analog cellular network (1G), therefore it is referred to as a 2G mobile network. It has been improved with the addition of General Packet Radio Services (GPRS) and later via the Enhanced Data rates for GSM Evolution (EDGE) technology.. UMTS stands for Universal Mobile Telecommunications System. Based on the GSM standard, it is deemed as a 3G mobile network standard. It has been developed by the 3GPP and its major advantage is the provision of greater bandwidth and spectral efficiency, due to the W-CDMA technology.. LTE is deemed to be the fourth generation (4G) of mobile communications technology. It has been developed by the 3GPP based on the GSM/EDGE and UMTS/HSPA technologies in order to increase the speed and capacity of wireless data networks. A further development of the technology is called LTE Advanced.. There are several network technologies that enhance the performance of mobile networks mainly by increased data bandwidth. Information about the communication technologies supported by the device and their respective uplink and downlink bandwidth.. Information about the operating system used by the device as well as its version.. Name and version of the user interface (UI) used by the operating system (OS).. The SoC integrates different hardware components such as the CPU, GPU, memory, peripherals, interfaces, etc., as well as software for their functioning.. Information about the process technology used in manufacturing the chip. The value in nanometers represents half the distance between elements that make up the CPU.. CPU is the Central Processing Unit or the processor of a mobile device. Its main function is to interpret and execute instructions contained in software applications.. The CPU bits are determined by the bit-size of the processor registers, address buses and data buses. 64-bit CPUs provide better performance than 32-bit ones, which on their part perform better than 16-bit processors.. The instruction set architecture (ISA) is a set of commands used by the software to manage the CPU's work. Information about the set of instructions the processor can execute.. The cache memory is used by the processor in order to shorten the time needed to access data and instructions that a frequently used. The L1 (level 1) cache memory has a small volume, but operates faster than the RAM and the rest cache memory levels. If the processor does not find the data needed in L1, it continues to look for it in the L2 cache memory. In some processors the search in L1 and L2 is simultaneous.. The L2 (level 2) cache memory is slower than L1, but has a larger capacity, instead, which allows it to cache more data. Just like L1, it is much faster than the system memory (RAM). If the CPU does not find the data needed in L2, it proceeds to look for them in the L3 cache memory (if there is such) or in the RAM.. A CPU core is the processor unit, which executes software instructions. Presently, besides single-core processors, there are dual-core, quad-core, hexa-core and so on multi-core processors. They increase the performance of the device allowing the execution of multiple instructions in parallel.. The frequency of the processor describes its clock rate in cycles per second. It is measured in Megahertz (MHz) or Gigahertz (GHz).. GPU is a graphical processing unit, which handles computation for 2D/3D graphics applications. In mobile devices GPU is usually utilized by games, UI, video playback, etc. GPU can also perform computation in applications traditionally handled by the CPU.. Similar to the CPU, the GPU consists of processing units called cores. They handle the computation of graphics in various applications.. The frequency is the clock rate of the graphic processor (GPU), which is measured in Megahertz (MHz) or Gigahertz (GHz).. RAM (Random-Access Memory) is used by the operating system and all installed applications. Data in the RAM is lost after the device is turned off or restarted.. Information about the type of RAM used by the device.. Information about the number of RAM channels integrated in the SoC. More channels mean higher data transfer rates.. RAM frequency relates directly to the rate of reading/writing from/in the RAM memory.. Information about the capacity of the built-in storage of the device. Sometimes one and the same model may is offered in variants with different internal storage capacity.. The various types of memory cards are characterized by different sizes and capacity. Information about the supported types of memory cards.. One of the main characteristics of the display is its type/technology, on which depends its performance.. In mobile devices display size is represented by the length of its diagonal measured in inches.. The ratio between the long and the short side of the display. The display resolution shows the number of pixels on the horizontal and vertical side of the screen. The higher the resolution is, the greater the detail of the displayed content.. Information about the number of pixels per centimeter (ppcm) or per inch (ppi) of the display. The higher the pixel density, the more detailed and clearer is the information displayed on the screen.. The color depth of the display is also known as bit depth. It shows the number of bits used for the color components of one pixel. Information about the maximum number of colors the screen can display.. Information about other functions and features of the display.. Sensors vary in type and purpose. They increase the overall functionality of the device, in which they are integrated.. Digital cameras use image sensors for taking photos. The sensor characteristics are some of the main factors determining the quality of the camera integrated in the mobile device.. Aperture (f-stop number) indicates the size of the lens diaphragm opening, which controls the amount of light reaching the image sensor. The lower the f-stop number, the larger the diaphragm opening is.. Cameras of mobile devices use mainly a LED or a Xenon flash. The LED flash has a softer burst of light and in contrast to the much brighter Xenon flash, is used for recording videos as well.. One of the main characteristics of the cameras of mobile devices is their resolution, which shows the number of pixels on the horizontal and vertical dimensions of the image.. Information about the maximum resolution available for shooting a video with the device.. Information about the maximum number of frames per second (fps), supported by the device while recording a video at maximum resolution. Some of the main standard frame rates for recording and playing video are 24p, 25p, 30p, 60p.. Information about additional software and hardware features of the privamery camera, which improve its overall performance.. Digital cameras use image sensors for taking photos. The sensor characteristics are some of the main factors determining the quality of the camera integrated in the mobile device.. Aperture (f-stop number) indicates the size of the lens diaphragm opening, which controls the amount of light reaching the image sensor. The lower the f-stop number, the larger the diaphragm opening is.. Information about the maximum image resolution of the secondary camera. Often, the resolution of the secondary camera is lower than the one of the primary camera.. Information about the maximum resolution available for shooting a video by the secondary camera.. Information about the maximum number of frames per second (fps), supported by the secondary camera while recording a video at maximum resolution.. The loudspeaker is a device, which reproduces various sounds such as ring tones, alarms, music, voice calls, etc. Information about the type of speakers the device uses.. Information whether the device has an FM radio receiver or not.. The tracking/positioning service is provided by various satellite navigation systems, which track the autonomous geo-spatial positioning of the device that supports them. The most common satellite navigation systems are the GPS and the GLONASS. There are also non-satellite technologies for locating mobile devices such as the Enhanced Observed Time Difference, Enhanced 911, GSM Cell ID.. Wi-Fi communication between devices is realized via the IEEE 802.11 standards. Some devices have the possibility to serve as Wi-Fi Hotspots by providing internet access for other nearby devices. Wi-Fi Direct (Wi-Fi P2P) is another useful standard that allows devices to communicate with each other without the need for wireless access point (WAP).. The technology has several versions, which improve the connection speed, range, connectivity and discoverability of the devices. Information about the Bluetooth version of the device.. Bluetooth uses various profiles and protocols related to faster exchange of data, energy saving, better device discoverability, etc. Some of those supported by the device are listed here.. There are several USB connector types: the Standard one, the Mini and Micro connectors, On-The-Go connectors, etc. Type of the USB connector used by the device.. There are several versions of the Universal Serial Bus (USB) standard: USB 1.0 (1996), the USB 2.0 (2000), the USB 3.0 (2008), etc. With each following version the rate of data transfer is increased.. Тhe USB interface in mobile devices may be used for different purposes such as battery charging, using the device as a mass storage, host, etc.. Information whether the device is equipped with a 3.5 mm audio jack.. Information about some of the most widely used connectivity technologies supported by the device.. Information about some of the features and standards supported by the browser of the device.. List of some of the most common audio file formats and codecs supported standardly by the device.. List of some of the most common video file formats and codecs supported standardly by the device.. The capacity of a battery shows the maximum charge, which it can store, measured in mili-Ampere hours.. The battery type is determined by its structure and more specifically, by the chemicals used in it. There are different battery types and some of the most commonly used in mobile devices are the lithium-ion (Li-Ion) and the lithium-ion polymer battery (Li-Polymer).. Information about some additional features of the device's battery.. Provide information about, which of the published data you want to be edited as well as a reliable source, which confirms the accuracy of the information you suggest *. Enter the characters from the image: *. SoC : MediaTek MT6737T CPU : ARM Cortex-A53, 1500 MHz, Cores : 4 GPU : ARM Mali-T720 MP2, 600 MHz RAM : 3 GB, 733 MHz Storage : 32 GB Display : 5 in, IPS, 720 x 1280 pixels, 24 bit Battery : 3300 mAh, Li-Ion OS : Android 6.0 Marshmallow Camera : 4160 x 3120 pixels, 1920 x 1080 pixels, 30 fps. The information on this website is provided on "as is, as available basis" without warranty of any kind. DeviceSpecifications is not responsible for any omissions, inaccuracies or other errors in the information it publishes. All warranties with respect to this information are disclaimed. Reproduction of any part of this website in its entirety or partially or in any form or medium without prior written permission is prohibited. The trademarks, marques and logos of the manufacturers of devices, software, hardware, etc. are the property of their respective owners.. 
The next video is starting stop. Want to watch this again later?. Sign in to add this video to a playlist.. Sign in to report inappropriate content.. Sign in to make your opinion count.. Sign in to make your opinion count.. The interactive transcript could not be loaded.. Rating is available when the video has been rented.. This feature is not available right now. So today were reviewing at the HTC Desire 10 Compact. When autoplay is enabled, a suggested video will automatically play next.. HTC Desire 10 Compact - Specs, Features, Review, News, Price. SONY XPERIA XA1 VS HTC DESIRE 10 PRO | comparison Specifications And Features. HTC Desire 10 Pro - FULL REVIEW. Sony Xperia Z5 Compact vs HTC Desire 728 - Comparision. HTC Desire 10 Lifestyle Full Review and Unboxing. HTC DESIRE 630 FULL REVIEW | AFTER 3 MONTHS OF USAGE. Android Lollipop on HTC Desire 820. HTC 10 evo Vs HTC 10 Comparison. Sony Xperia L1 Review: The most affordable 2017 Xperia phone. HTC Desire 628 Dual Sim Unboxing and Hands On. Unboxing HTC Desire 826 (Dual Sim). Hard Reset HTC Desire 826/626 Pattern Unlock With Hang Solution. Sign in to add this to Watch Later. 
13 MP, f/2.2, 28mm, autofocus, LED flash. GSM 850 / 900 / 1800 / 1900 - SIM 1 & SIM 2. HSDPA 850 / 900 / 1900 / 2100. Yes - Active noise cancellation with dedicated mic. 13 MP, f/2.2, 28mm, autofocus, LED flash. Geo-tagging, touch focus, face detection, HDR, panorama. SMS (threaded view), MMS, Email, Push Email. IPS LCD capacitive touchscreen, 16M colors. HSPA 42.2/5.76 Mbps, LTE Cat4 150/50 Mbps. - MP4/H.264 player - MP3/eAAC+/WAV player - Photo/video editor - Document viewer. HTC Desire 10 Compact - Overview. Do you want to know about latest smartphones and their prices in Pakistan? Visit our very fresh collection for all the latest prices and smartphones at. We give you a holistic platform to know latest Prices and up-to-date specifications of latest handsets. This integrated channel of ours has informative bench to sit on for the roller coaster ride to latest HTC Mobile Phone Prices, news and reviews that will serve the ultimate purpose to top up your thirst for new technological horizons. Keep visiting and keep refilling your glass for all the latest Smartphone and Prices on. HTC gives its best shot with HTC Desire 10 Compact .. While gaining immense appreciation in Pakistan, the handset stands up at a. reasonable Price of 18499 Daily Updated 26-02-2018 Mobile Price. For every latest development on HTC Desire 10 Compact. Mobile Price in Pakistan, keep visiting Mobile Phone Collection. Get New HTC Desire 10 Compact Mobile Price and Full Specification here.. HTC Desire 10 Compact include SIM:Dual SIM (Micro-SIM/Nano-SIM, dual stand-by), IPS LCD capacitive touchscreen, 16M colors and 5.0 inches and .. HTC Desire 10 Compact OS: Android 6.0 (Marshmallow) and Mediatek MT6737T and Quad-core 1.5 GHz Cortex-A7. HTC Desire 10 Compact Internal Memory: 32 GB, 3 GB RAM and Card Slot: microSD, up to 128 GB. HTC Desire 10 Compact Rear Camera 13 MP, f/2.2, 28mm, autofocus, LED flash and Front Camera: 5 MP, f/2.8, 34mm.. In order to learn detailed specifications, kindly visit our Specification. and Features Page for HTC Desire 10 Compact and get to know the latest. about the handset and its Price. Mobile Phone Collection have all to. 
UNLOCK YOUR PHONE UNLOCK YOUR PHONE, FEEL THE FREEDOM.. How To Unlock HTC Desire 10 Compact by Unlock Code.. UnlockLocks | October 5, 2017 | HTC | No Comments. Why unlock my HTC DESIRE 10 COMPACT?. The unlocking service we offer allows you to use any network providers SIM card in your HTC DESIRE 10 COMPACT. this involves unlock codes which are a series of numbers which can be entered into your phone via dial pad to remove the network restriction and allow the use of other domestic and foreign networks.. How Do I unlock my HTC DESIRE 10 COMPACT?. Get the unique unlock code of your HTC DESIRE 10 COMPACT from here. Remove the original SIM Card from your phone. Now, you should see a box to enter the unlock code. Enter the unlock code provided by unlocklocks.com. All carriers are supported for unlocking (AT&T, T-Mobile, MetroPCS, Cricket, EE, Vodafone, Orange, O2, 3 UK, Virgin mobile, Rogers, Fido, Bell, Telus, SFR, Bouygues, Movistar, TIM, TMN, A1, Telekom, etcâ¦). Unlocking is permanent, you donât need to enter the unlock code more than once. All HTC DESIRE 10 COMPACT variants are supported for unlocking. Unlocking a HTC DESIRE 10 COMPACT phone is legal and 100% safe. What are the advantages of unlocking my HTC DESIRE 10 COMPACT? The biggest advantage of getting your phone unlocked is choice. With your phone unlocked you can swap SIM cards at different times to get the best value of the different tariffs from the providers, you can choose which network and which tariff you want at various times.Mobile phones which are unlocked tend to have a greater second hand value, the value of your handset could be increased. Many people will unlock their mobiles so they can use a local prepaid SIM card when in a different country instead of using the costly ‘roaming’ feature provided by their current network provider. Why would I want to unlock my HTC DESIRE 10 COMPACT? There are hundreds of network operators around the globe that lock their phones onto their networks. So we un-lock the SIM locks from the phone so that you can use any network you please.Unlocking your phone will give you freedom to purchase or use a SIM card from another network in your own country or even worldwide. Unlocking your phone will give you the opportunity to change the SIM card to a local provider when abroad, allowing much cheaper calls. It will also increase the value of your phone if you sell it. How will I know if my HTC DESIRE 10 COMPACT is locked? To find out if your phone is locked, simply place a different SIM card in the phone and turn the phone on. Ensure you use a different SIM and not the SIM that the phone was supplied with. If the phone does not allow you to make calls and displays an error message such as ‘SIM not valid’, ‘Phone Restricted’, ‘SIM not accepted’ or it’s asking you to enter an unlock code then your phone is most likely to be locked. How do you unlock my HTC DESIRE 10 COMPACT? You provide us with easy to find details of your phone e.g. the type, the IMEI number, country and the network that supplied the phone. This information is then used to provide an unlock code to unlock your phone. You simply follow the instructions we provide, and the phone will be unlocked – easy!. What information do I need to give you? This varies depending on the phone. Typically you need to provide the model, the 15 digit IMEI number of the phone and the country / network it is locked to. Usually this is enough but this does vary for each handset and solution. Either way we provide you with full easy to follow instructions to unlock your phone. Do I need the original SIM card to unlock my HTC DESIRE 10 COMPACT? The unlock codes we supply for most handsets will be entered without any SIM card inserted. However, certain handsets do require either an alternative SIM card, or the original SIM card to be inserted in order for the unlock codes to work. Do I require technical knowledge? None at all, we provide complete and easy instructions for unlocking your phone. Often it can be as simple as entering an unlock code using the phone’s keypad. If there is a problem unlocking your phone using the codes we provide then we will endeavor to solve the problem to the best of our ability. What do I do with the unlock codes? Once you receive the codes, follow our detailed instructions and enter the codes into your phone by using the phone keypad. It is simple and straight forward and will immediately unlock your phone. Can I get a discount if I have more than 10 phones to unlock? Sure. Please contact us through our website we offer special discounts for professional unlockers. What is a SIM card? It’s the small (roughly 2cm by 1 cm) microchip card that you insert into a phone when it’s first set up. It provides the identity of the phone for the mobile network. The SIM card is usually located behind the battery on the back of the phone. How do I pay? We accept a wide range of payment methods : – Visa – Mastercard – American Express – Electron – Paypal – Others…. Is it safe and secure entering my card details on your website? Your cards details are fully encrypted and processed over a secure server. We do not store your card details for maximum security. We also support PayPal, which has a Thawte certified 128bit SSL Security site. Will my phone still work? Yes, unlocking simply removes the network lock and SIM lock that are entered into the phones software when sold to you by the network. Will the unlock codes damage my phone? Removing the network restriction on your mobile phone with unlock codes is the safest form of unlocking available. You simply enter the necessary codes directly into your phone via the keypad to remove the network restriction. Unlocking a HTC DESIRE 10 COMPACT phone is easy as making a call.. Congratulations, enjoy your unlocked HTC DESIRE 10 COMPACT on all networks, worldwide.. How To Unlock HTC Desire 555 by Unlock Code.. How To Unlock HTC Desire 555 by Unlock Code.. How To Unlock HTC Desire 300 by Unlock Code.. How To Unlock HTC Desire 310 by Unlock Code.. No Comments | Jul 15, 2017. No Comments | Jul 15, 2017. No Comments | Nov 16, 2014. No Comments | Nov 16, 2014. The world's #1 phone unlocking solutions provider since 2006, with thousands of phones unlocked each day. we could tell you about our years of experience, we were the first online phone unlocking site. you may think that "first" doesn't always mean "best," but we're sure once you've unlocked your phone with us, you'll change your mind. our company is headed up by telecommunications techs from the united states. they're smart guys, but they're especially smart about unlocking mobile devices.. How To Unlock SAMSUNG Galaxy J3 & J3 (2016) b.... How To Unlock MetroPCS or T-Mobile LG Aristo (LG M.... How To Unlock AT&T ZTE Maven 3 (Z835) by Unlo.... How To Unlock SAMSUNG Galaxy J5 by Unlock Code.. How To Unlock Oppo A57 by Unlock Code.. How To Unlock AT&T HUAWEI Ascend XT2 (H1711) b.... How To Unlock Xfinity Mobile SAMSUNG Galaxy S8 and.... How To Unlock SAMSUNG Galaxy J2 by Unlock Code.. How To Unlock LG G2 by Unlock code From UnlockLock.... How To Unlock Samsung Galaxy S3 mini I8190 by Unlo.... How To Unlock Sony Xperia Tablet Z by Unlock Code.... How To Unlock HTC One SC2, One, One Mini, One Max .... How To Unlock HTC One by Unlock Code ?. How To Unlock Sony Xperia Tablet Z by Unlock Code .... How To Unlock LG G2 by Unlock code ?. How To Unlock Samsung Galaxy Note 3 ?. How To Unlock ALCATEL Pop Star (5022, 5022D, 5022X.... How To Unlock Oppo F3 Plus by Unlock Code.. How To Unlock Telus or Koodo Alcatel OneTouch POP .... How To Unlock ALCATEL OneTouch PIXI 4 7″ (90.... How To Unlock WIKO Wim by Unlock Code.. How To Unlock ALCATEL A3 Plus 3G (5011, 5011A, 501.... How To Unlock SAMSUNG Galaxy Core Advance by Unloc.... How To Unlock HUAWEI Elate 4G by Unlock Code.. How To Unlock Essential Phone by Unlock Code.. How To Unlock LG K10 (2018) by Unlock Code.. How To Unlock LG K8 (2018) by Unlock Code.. How To Unlock HUAWEI MediaPad M5 10 (Pro) by Unlock Code.. How To Unlock HUAWEI Enjoy 8 by Unlock Code.. How To Unlock HUAWEI Honor 7C by Unlock Code.. Copyright © 2018 UnlockLocks.COM .. 
News Review Phones Xiaomi Huawei Meizu nubia OnePlus OPPO vivo ZTE All Giveaway Deals Shop Forums. Brand: HTC Category: Mobiles. Display IPS LCD capacitive touchscreen, 16M colors. The overall rating is based on review by our editors. 7.1 3.6 1. Design 7 / 10. Display 7 / 10. Camera 8 / 10. Features 6 / 10. Connectivity 7 / 10. Usability 7 / 10. Performance 7 / 10. Battery 8 / 10. HTC Desire 10 Compact - SPECIFICATIONS. Type Design Type called form factor refers to a mobile phone's size, shape, and style as well as the layout and position of major components of phone. There are three major form factors seen in mobile phones => bar phones, folding phones and sliding phones.. Display Type Display Technology => A number of display technologies and types used in mobile phones => TFT (Thin Film Transistor), IPS (In-Place Switching), OLED (Organic Light Emitting Diode), AMOLED (Active-Matrix Organic Light-Emitting Diode), Super AMOLED (an even advanced version of AMOLED), Resistive Touchscreen (Resistive touchscreens contain two layer of conductive material with a very small gap between them which acts as a resistance), Capacitive Touchsceen (Capacitive touchscreen technology consists of a layer of glass coated with a transparent conductor). 720 x 1280 pixels, 16:9 ratio. Display Colors Display Colors is refers to the number of different shades of colors that the screen is capable of displaying => 64K colors, 256K colors and 16 million colors, Obviously 16M is highest available range of colors and better than others.. Pixel Density Pixel Density (PPI) is refers to the concentration of pixels on a particular display, measured in pixels per inch (ppi). Pixel density is calculated by dividing the diagonal pixel resolution of a display by its diagonal size, higher pixel density better display quality.. Display Protection Display Protection => Gorilla Glass is a special alkali-aluminosilicate glass shield with exceptional damage resistance that helps protect mobile displays from scratches, drops, and bumps of everyday use, It is always better to go for a smartphone with Gorilla Glass for that added protection and peace of mind.. CPU The main chipset of the device.. RAM (Memory) RAM (Random Access Memory) is a type of computer memory that can be accessed randomly, any byte of memory can be accessed without touching the preceding bytes that allows information to be stored and accessed quickly from random locations. RAM is the most common type of memory found in computer systems, smartphones, tablets and other electronic devices.. Internal Storage Internal Storage is a data storage space (flash memory) mostly used in smartphones, tablets and other electronic devices where operating system, apps, music, photos, videos, files and other user data Is stored.. Memory Card Slot Memory Card Slot is a special slot for inserting a memory card. Memory cards allow you to expand the phone's built-in memory, A memory card (sometimes called a flash memory card or a storage card) is a small storage medium used to store data such as text, pictures, audio, and video, for use on small, portable or remote computing devices such as mobile phones, mp3 players, digital cameras.. Sensors Sensors are electronic components that detects and responds to some type of input from the physical environment. The specific input could be light, heat, motion, moisture, pressure and location, The output is generally a signal that is converted to use in computing systems, a location sensor, such as a GPS receiver is able to detect current location of your electronic device.. Operating System OS => Every computer system run on a base software called Operating System (OS). Operating System controls all basic operations of the computer (such as smartphone, PDAs, tablet computers and other handheld devices). The Operating System allows the user to install and run third party applications (apps), apps are used to add new functionality to the device.. Rear Camera Camera is able to capture photographs and usually videos, The most important characteristics of a camera are the resolution (measured in megapixels), lens focus type (fixed or automatic), higher megapixel cameras are known to capture higher quality photos, but not always a good measurement of the photos quality.. Flash Flash Light => There is commonly two types of flash lights are used in camera mobile phones, LED Flash (LED flash offers lower power consumption with drive circuitry that takes up very little room, LEDs can be strobed faster than any other light source), Xenon Flash (xenon flash produces an extremely intense full-spectrum white light for a very short duration). SIM SIM (Subscriber Identity Module) is a small card that contains mobile network subscriber's account information. This allows the phone using the card to attach to a mobile network. The SIM card is most commonly associated with GSM and UMTS mobile networks. Moving a SIM card from one phone to another allows a subscriber to switch mobile phones without having to contact their mobile network carrier. SIM cards can also be used by a phone to store limited amounts of data, such as phone numbers and text messages.. Wi-fi Wi-Fi is a popular wireless networking technology using radio waves to provide high-speed network connections that allows devices to communicate without cords or cables, Wi-Fi is increasingly becoming the preferred mode of internet connectivity all over the world.. GPS GPS The Global Positioning System is a satellite-based radio navigation system, GPS permits users to determine their position, velocity and the time 24 hours a day, in all weather, anywhere in the world, In order to locate your position, your device or GPS receiver must have a clear view of the sky.. NFC NFC (Near field communication) is a set of standards for smartphones and similar devices to establish peer-to-peer radio communications with each other by touching them together or bringing them into proximity, usually no more than a few inches.. Wireless Charging Wireless Charging (Inductive Charging) uses an electromagnetic field to transfer energy between two objects. This is usually done with a charging station. Energy is sent through an inductive coupling to an electrical device, which can then use that energy to charge batteries or run the device.. 4G LTE 4G LTE bands. HSPA 42.2/5.76 Mbps, LTE Cat4 150/50 Mbps. HTC Desire 10 Compact - REVIEWS Be the first to add a Review Your Name * Your Email * Review Title * Review Text * Rate this Product Design: What do you feel about Design and build quality of this device? Display: Screen size, image quality (brightness, colors, contrast, etc), visibility in sun light, angles of view and touchscreen. Camera: Usability of Camera interface, image and video quality in different light conditions and environment. Features: What do you feel about the features of this device, is these enough for you in everyday life? Connectivity: Bluetooth, Wi-fi connectivity, data trnasfer speed, internet browsing and interfaces. Usability: What do you feel about usability and speed of UI (user interface), messaging, calling, contacts management, call history, notifications and internet browsing? Performance: Is this device perform good while watching videos, playing games, taking snapshots, browsing internet and navigate through other applications? Battery: What about battery life, while calling, listening music, watching videos, playing games and doing other tasks. Average Rating 6 / 10 based on your selection. Please post a user review only if you have / had this product.. HTC ONE ME（M9et） 0 Reviews View specs →. HTC One (E8) 0 Reviews View specs →. HTC Bolt 0 Reviews View specs →. HTC One M9s 0 Reviews View specs →. HTC Desire 630 0 Reviews View specs →. HTC Desire 626s 0 Reviews View specs →. New Arrivals LG X300 LG X Power 2 ZTE Tempo Go ZTE Blade V9 Vita (Rumored) Nokia 8 Sirocco (Rumored) Samsung Galaxy S9 Exynos (Rumored). News Review Phones Giveaway Deals Shop Forums. 
Home Mobiles Htc. Do Live search for anything here. Mobiles  Brands Samsung Mobiles Mi Mobiles Oppo Mobiles Vivo Mobiles Micromax Mobiles Sony Mobiles Apple Mobiles Intex Mobiles Lenovo Mobiles LYF Mobiles Bestseller Mobiles Price Mobiles Under 5000 Mobiles Under 10000 Mobiles Under 15000 Mobiles Under 20000 Mobiles Under 30000 RAM 1 GB RAM Mobiles 2 GB RAM Mobiles 3 GB RAM Mobiles 4 GB RAM Mobiles 6 GB RAM Mobiles 8 GB RAM Mobiles Others Upcoming Mobile Phones Mobile Accessories Mobile Chargers Headphones Power Banks Mobile Batteries Memory Cards. Laptops  Brands HP Laptops Lenovo Laptops Dell Laptops Samsung Laptops Sony Laptops Asus Laptops Acer Laptops Apple Laptops HCL Laptops MSI Gaming Laptops Toshiba Laptops All Laptops Price Laptops Under 20000 Laptops Under 30000 Laptops Under 50000 Laptops Under 70000 Laptops Under 90000 Laptops Under 100000 Others Popular Laptops Laptop Buying Guide Laptop Acccessories Laptop Chargers Laptop Batteries Pen Drives Laptop Bags Tablets Popular Tablets. TVs  Brands Sony TVs Micromax TVs Samsung TVs Philips TVs LG TVs Panasonic TVs Videocon TVs Vu TVs All Tvs Price TVs Under 20000 TVs Under 30000 TVs Under 50000 TVs Under 70000 TVs Under 90000 Size Under 22 Inch LED TVs 22 Inch LED TVs 32 Inch LED TVs 42 Inch LED TVs 50 Inch & Above LED TVs Others Popular TVs Television Buying Guide. ACs  Brands Voltas ACs Lloyd ACs Hitachi ACs Daikin ACs Samsung ACs LG ACs O General ACs Carrier ACs Micromax ACs Blue Star ACs See All ACs Price ACs Under 20000 ACs Under 30000 ACs Under 40000 ACs Under 50000 ACs Above 50000 Capacity 0.75 Ton ACs 1 Ton ACs 1.5 Ton ACs 2 Ton ACs Others Popular ACs Buying Right AC. Refrigerators  Brands Samsung Refrigerators LG Refrigerators Hitachi Refrigerators Godrej Refrigreators Blue Star Freezers Videocon Refrigerators Bestseller Refrigerators Type Single Door Refrigerators Double Door Refrigerators Side By Side Door Refrigerators. Appliances  Washing Machines Fully Automatic Semi Automatic Dryers See All Types Fans & Air Coolers Bajaj Symphony Havells See All Brands Air Purifiers Philips Air Purifiers Panasonic Air Purifiers Kent Air Purifiers Eureka Forbes Air Purifiers See All Brands Heaters Types Room Heaters Geysers Immersion Rods All Heater Types Other Heater Pages Heater Buying Guide Popular Water Heaters Popular Room Heaters. Audio/Video  Types Ear & HeadPhones Home Theaters & Music Systems Projectors Speakers MP3 Players All Audio & Video Popular Ear/Headphones Skullcandy Sony JBL See All Brands Popular Projectors Epson Benq Unic LG Sony See All Brands. Cameras  Brands Nikon Cameras Canon Cameras Panasonic Cameras Samsung Cameras Olympus Cameras Fujifilm Cameras Kodak Cameras Sony Cameras BestSeller Cameras. Health & Beauty  Health Care Epilators Hair Curlers Hair Dryers Hair Stylers Hair Straighteners Shavers Trimmers Personal Care Blood Pressure Monitors Glucometers Weighing Scales Pedometers Heating Pads Nebulizers Pulse Oximeters Body Fat Analysers Stethoscopes Digital Thermometers. Fashion  Watches Regular Men Women Unisex Smart Smart Watches Fitness Bands Clothing Men Clothing Women Clothing Girls Clothing Boys Clothing All Clothing Shoes Men Shoes Women Shoes Girls Shoes Boys Shoes All Shoes. Desktops  Brands Lenovo Apple HighGig HP Intel Zebronics Bestseller Desktops Desktop Accessories Computer Monitors External Hard Disks Keyboards & Combos Mouse Web Cameras Printers. Furniture  Beds & Bedrooms Sofas & Seating Tables Dining Cabinets Bar Kids Moulded Entertainment Units.  Download Android App Mobiles & Electronics   Mobiles & Electronics Mobiles   Mobiles All Mobiles Upcoming Mobiles Televisions   Televisions All Televisions Television Buying Guide Tablets Cameras Accessories   Accessories All Accessories Mobile   Mobile All Mobile Power Banks Memory Cards Card Readers Cases And Covers Headphones And Headsets Screen Guards Batteries Chargers Speakers Car Kits Laptop   Laptop All Laptop Bags Batteries Chargers And Adapters Pen Drives Cleaning Kits Screen Guards Desktop Computer   Desktop Computer All Desktop Computer Web Cameras Mouse Keyboards Monitors External Hard Disks Audio & Video   Audio & Video All Audio & Video Headphones And Earphones Home Theaters Speakers Projectors Video Players Mp3 And Media Players Portable Audio Various Smart Wearables   Smart Wearables All Smart Wearables Smart Watches Smart Bands Smart Headphones Smart Jackets Smart Glasses And Vr Headsets Laptops & Computers   Laptops & Computers Laptops   Laptops All Laptops Laptop Buying Guide Printers Desktops Appliances   Appliances Air Conditioners   Air Conditioners All Air Conditioners Upcoming ACs Refrigerators   Refrigerators All Refrigerators Refrigerator Buying Guide Fans & Air Coolers Heaters & Geysers   Heaters & Geysers All Heaters & Geysers Heater Buying Guide Room Water Immersion Rods Washing Machines   Washing Machines All Washing Machines Fully Automatic Semi Automatic Dryers Microwave Ovens Air Purifiers   Air Purifiers All Air Purifiers Air Purifier Buying Guide Water Purifiers Chimneys Juicer Mixer Grinders Books   Books All Books Fiction Bestsellers New-releases Recommended Children Upcoming Hot Selling Fashion   Fashion Clothing   Clothing All Clothing Men   Men All Men Casual Shirts T Shirts Formal Shirts Ethnic Wear Jeans Trousers Shorts Track Wear Innerwear And Sleepwear Suits And Blazers Women   Women All Women Tops And Tees Dresses Tunics Shrugs And Jackets Jeans Leggings Shorts And Skirts Trousers Capris Sarees And Dress Material Kurtas Kurtis And Suits Salwars And Churidars Winterwear Lingerie And Sleepwear Boys   Boys All Boys T Shirts Shirts Jeans And Trousers Shorts Trackwear And Nightwear Winter Wear Girls   Girls All Girls Tops And T Shirts Dresses And Skirts Jeans And Trousers Trackwear And Nightwear Winter Wear Shoes   Shoes All Shoes Men   Men All Men Casual Shoes Formal Shoes Sports Shoes Sneakers Boots Sandals And Slippers Flip Flops Floaters Hiking Shoes Women   Women All Women Flats Sandals Heels Bellies Wedges Loafers Boots Sports Shoes Stilettos Sneakers Flip Flops Floaters Boys   Boys All Boys Sports Shoes Sneakers Sandals Floaters Flip Flops Loafers Girls   Girls All Girls Sandals Sports Shoes Sneakers Bellies Flip Flops Floaters Watches   Watches All Watches Men Women Unisex Health & Beauty   Health & Beauty Personal Care   Personal Care All Personal Care Trimmers Shavers Epilators Hair Dryers Hair Straighteners Hair Stylers Hair Curlers Health Care   Health Care All Health Care Blood Pressure Monitors Massagers Glucometers Weighing Scales Pedometers Heating Pads Nebulizers Pulse Oximeters Body Fat Analysers Stethoscopes Digital Thermometers Furniture   Furniture All Furniture Sofas And Seating   Sofas And Seating All Sofas And Seating One Seater Sofas Two Seater Sofas Three Seater Sofas Sofa Sets Arm Chairs Ergonomic Chairs Executive Chairs Stools Pouffes Bean Bags Beds And Bedrooms   Beds And Bedrooms All Beds And Bedrooms King Sized Beds Queen Sized Beds Single Beds Poster Beds Sofa Cum Beds Wardrobes Collapsible Wardrobes Bunk Beds Bedside Tables Dressing Tables Bedroom Sets Tables   Tables All Tables Centre Tables Side Tables End Tables Small Coffee Tables Large Coffee Tables Coffee Table Sets Console Tables Table Sets Study Tables Dining   Dining All Dining Dining Sets Dining Tables Dining Chairs Cabinets   Cabinets All Cabinets Cabinets And Sideboards File Cabinets Book Cases Book Shelves Hutch Cabinets Drawers Bar Furniture   Bar Furniture All Bar Furniture Bar Cabinets Bar Units Wine Racks Bar Trolleys Bar Chairs And Stools Entertainment Units   Entertainment Units All Entertainment Units Tv And Entertainment Units Contemporary Units Modern Units Indian Ethnic Units Eclectic Units Kids Furniture   Kids Furniture All Kids Furniture Beds Storage Table And Chair Sets Seating Tables Moulded Furniture   Moulded Furniture All Moulded Furniture Cabinets Organisers Stacking Chairs Tables  Coupons  Get Notifications  Blog  Deals Of the Day  Home. HTC Desire 10 Compact COMING SOON. Expected Price: ₹ 21999. 3.8 / 5 Ratings ( 9 ) User Reviews ( 1 )  Write a Review.  Android 6.0 (Marshmallow) Operating System  5.0 Inches Display Size  720 x 1280 Pixels (~294 ppi Pixel Density) Display Resolution  13 mp, F/2.2, 28mm, Autofocus, LED Flash primary camera.  5 mp, F/2.8, 34mm secondary camera  32 GB, 3 GB RAM View All Specs. Aliexpress (2) Amazon (4) Infibeam (13) Shopclues (6) Tatacliq (10). Popular Mobiles Price Lists Samsung Mobiles Price Micromax Mobiles Price Sony Mobiles Price Apple Mobiles Price Oppo Mobiles Price Vivo Mobiles Price Mi Mobiles Price Nokia Mobiles Price Moto Mobiles Price Lg Mobiles Price. HTC Desire 10 Compact Price in India. Items matching HTC DESIRE 10 COMPACT. Products like HTC Desire 10 Compact. HTC Desire 10 Pro (Polar White) ₹17,000 As on 4:36:39am 26-02-2018. HTC Desire 10 Pro (3 GB RAM) (32 GB,Polar White) ₹20,290. HTC Desire 10 Pro (3 GB RAM) (32 GB,Stone Black) ₹20,290. HTC Desire 10 Pro (3 GB RAM) (32 GB,Stone Black) ₹20,290. HTC Desire 10 Pro (3 GB RAM) (32 GB,Polar White) ₹20,290. Showing 35 of 88 results. HTC Desire 10 Pro 64 GB (White Pearl) 4 GB RAM, Dual SIM 4G ₹19,990. HTC Desire 10 Pro (4 GB, 64 GB) - Imported Mobile with 1 Year Warranty ₹15,790. HTC Desire 10 32 GB (Gold) 4 GB RAM, Single SIM 4G ₹33,999. HTC Desire 10 Lifestyle Premium Grade Black Leather Flip Cover ₹249. HTC Desire 10 Lifestyle Black Leather Flip Cover with 9H Curved Edge Tempered Glass ₹349. HTC Desire 10 Lifestyle Premium Quality Golden Leather Flip Cover ₹249. HTC Desire 10 Lifestyle Gold Leather Flip Cover with Fragrant Noise Cancellation Earphones with Mic ₹395. HTC Desire 10 Lifestyle Black Leather Flip Cover with Universal Perfumed Noise Cancellation Earphones with Mic ₹395. HTC 10 32 GB (Grey) 4 GB RAM, Single SIM 4G ₹35,499. HTC Desire 630 Dual Sim (16 GB,Sprinkal White) ₹10,490. HTC Desire 728 4G, Purple Must ₹10,682. HTC Desire 828, dark grey ₹14,974. HTC Desire 828, dark grey ₹14,974. HTC Desire 828 Dual Sim (16 GB,Dark Grey) ₹19,075. HTC Desire 728G Dual Sim 16 GB (Grey) ₹14,990. HTC Desire 4G Dual Sim 32GB (Dark Grey) ₹14,900. HTC Desire 630 4G Dual Sim 16 GB (Sprinkle White) ₹10,599. HTC Desire 830 4G Dual SIM 32 GB (Black Gold) ₹14,499. HTC Desire 626G Plus Dual Sim 8GB Smartphone White Birch ₹6,999. HTC Desire 626G Plus Dual Sim 8 GB Blue Lagoon ₹6,999. HTC Desire U COMPATIBLE WITH M2 SMART BAND WITH HEART RATE SENSOR FEATURES AND MANY OTHER IMPRESSIVE FEATURES,... OEM HTC Desire 10 pro Compact 1.8A Wall Charger with 3ft MicroUSB Charing and Data Cable! (White / 110-240v) ₹4,699 As on 3:40:40am 26-02-2018. OEM HTC Desire 10 lifestyle Compact 1.8A Wall Charger with 3ft MicroUSB Charing and Data Cable! (Black / 110-240v) ₹4,699 As on 3:40:40am 26-02-2018. Fashion 11 Colors Cartoon Painting PU Leather Magnetic clasp Wallet Cover For HTC Desire 10 Compact Case ₹253. Fashion 11 Colors Cartoon Painting PU Leather Magnetic clasp Wallet Cover For HTC Desire 10 Compact Case ₹253. Stuffcool Soft Back Case for HTC Desire 10 Pro (Clear) ₹550 As on 9:58:14am 26-02-2018. HTC Desire 10 Compact is expected to be available at at a price of ₹ 21999 very soon. We have searched and shown products like and related to HTC Desire 10 Compact which may be of interest to you. The prices for mobiles like HTC Desire 10 Compact are valid in all major cities of India like Delhi, Gurgaon, Noida, Mumbai, Chennai, Bangalore, Hyderabad, Kolkata, Pune, Ahmedabad, Coimbatore, Lucknow, Trichy, Madurai, Trivandrum, Mysore, Jaipur, Chandigarh, Pondicherry, Bhopal, Patna, Bhubaneswar, Amritsar, Cochin, Allahabad, Srinagar, New Delhi, Surat, Ludhiana, Navi Mumbai, Ghaziabad, Bengaluru, Indore, Nagpur, Thane, Agra, Meerut, Ranchi. The delivery feasibility and charges may be varying, hence for them please check with the particular seller or store. Although we make a lot of effort to get you the best and the most accurate prices, we cannot guarantee this in every case due to the dynamic nature of online information. Hence you are requested to go through the actual store listings in detail before making a purchase. The payment options available can vary from seller to seller, but a generally they are Cash on Delivery(COD), Credit Card, Debit Card, NetBanking, EMI(Equated monthly Installments) etc.. Product Description for HTC Desire 10 Compact Display Camera Battery and Connectivity Miscellaneous Features For a quick reference, the key features of HTC Desire 10 Compact at one glance are : Display: 5.0", Android 6.0 Battery: 3300mAh, Camera: 13MP, 32GB storage, microSD card slot Memory: 3GB RAM,. HTC Desire 10 Compact runs the android 6.0 (marshmallow) Operating System. It has a quad-core 1.5 ghz cortex-a7 processor along with 3 gb RAM. There is internal memory of 32 gb and this mobile supports microsd, up to 128 gb external memory. Sim card supported is dual sim (micro-sim/nano-sim, dual stand-by).. The phone has a 5.0 inches ips lcd capacitive touchscreen, 16m colors display. Resolution of the screen is 720 x 1280 pixels (~294 ppi pixel density). Pixel Density of the display is 294ppi.. HTC Desire 10 Compact has two cameras, the rear camera is 13 mp, f/2.2, 28mm, autofocus, led flash used for taking photos whereas the front camera is of 5 mp, f/2.8, 34mm useful in video calling and selfies. Connectivity features of the phone are 4g: lte, gprs, edge, 3g: hsdpa 850 / 900 / 1900 / 2100, bluetooth: 4.1, a2dp, le, gps: yes, with a-gps.. HTC Desire 10 Compact also deserves a mention of the other details which are namely Sensors like accelerometer, proximity.. About the brand Htc is an established and very popular brand in the current Indian online market scenario. Products by the brand Htc are available at stores like amazon, ebay, shopclues, snapdeal, industrybuying, flipkart, rediff, croma, tatacliq, infibeam, aliexpress, paytmmall. It sells various items under the categories mobiles , mobile batteries , digital thermometers , trimmers , mobile chargers , mobile cases and covers , cameras , laptop cleaning kits , tablets , hair dryers , and more.. Specifications for HTC Desire 10 Compact. battery Non-Removable li-ion 3300 mah Battery body Dimensions - SIM Dual SIM (Micro-SIM/nano-SIM, Dual Stand-by) Weight - camera Features Geo-Tagging, Touch Focus, Face Detection, HDR, Panorama Primary 13 mp, F/2.2, 28mm, Autofocus, LED Flash Secondary 5 mp, F/2.8, 34mm Video 1080p@30fps comms Bluetooth 4.1, A2DP, le GPS Yes, with a-GPS Radio Fm Radio USB Microusb 2.0 Wlan Wi-fi 802.11 B/g/n, Hotspot display Multitouch Yes Resolution 720 x 1280 Pixels (~294 ppi Pixel Density) Size 5.0 Inches Type IPS LCD Capacitive Touchscreen, 16m Colors features Browser Html5 Java No Messaging SMS(Threaded View), Mms, Email, Push Mail, im Sensors Accelerometer, Proximity. MP4/h.264 Player; ; MP3/EAAC+/WAV Player; ; Photo/video Editor; ; Document Viewer key features Highlights memory Card Slot microSD, up to 128 GB Internal 32 GB, 3 GB RAM misc Colors Polar White, Stone Black Price About 150 eur name Name HTC Desire 10 Compact network 2G Bands GSM 850 / 900 / 1800 / 1900 - SIM 1 & SIM 2 3G Bands HSDPA 850 / 900 / 1900 / 2100 4G Bands Lte Edge Yes GPRS Yes Speed Hspa 42.2/5.76 Mbps, lte Cat4 150/50 Mbps Technology GSM / Hspa / lte platform Chipset Mediatek Mt6737t Cpu Quad-Core 1.5 GHz Cortex-a7 OS Android 6.0 (Marshmallow) sound 3.5mm Jack Yes Alert Types Vibration; MP3, WAV Ringtones Loudspeaker Yes. - Active Noise Cancellation with Dedicated mic. User Reviews for HTC Desire 10 Compact. 4 / 5 ( 9 ). Nice product smoothly functions ( back cover which site available). Are you sure you want to report it?. Share a link to this review. JavaScript must be enabled for certain features to work.. Please enter at least one item.. Please enter at least one item.. Price Chart for HTC Desire 10 Compact. The expected price of HTC Desire 10 Compact is ₹ 21999. Since it is an upcoming item, price data is not yet available.. Alternatives to HTC Desire 10 Compact. Android Os, V6.0 (marshmallow) 4 Gb Ram 5.2 Inches (~68.7% Screen-to-body Ratio) 16 Mp, F/2.0, 28mm, Ois, Phase Detection Autofocus, Dual-led (dual Tone) Flash Rear Camera. Android Jelly Bean 4.2.2 2 GB Ram 5.9 Inch Screen 13 Megapixel Rear Camera. Android Jelly Bean 4.3 2 GB Ram 5.5 Inch Screen 13 Megapixel Rear Camera. Android Nougat 7 4 GB Ram 6 Inch Screen 23MP Rear Camera. Android Marshmallow 6.0.1 4 GB Ram 13 Megapixel Rear Camera 5 Megapixel Front Camera. Android Nougat 7 4 GB Ram 5.5 Inch Screen 16MP Rear Camera. Android Nougat 7 4 GB Ram 5.7 Inch Screen 16MP + 8MP Rear Camera. IOS 8 5.5 Inch Screen 8 Megapixel Rear Camera 1.2 Megapixel Front Camera. Android V7.0 (nougat) 6 Gb Ram 179 Grams Weight 82.3 Mm(width) X 166.3 Mm(height) X 7.9 Mm(depth) Size. Android Marshmallow 6 3 GB Ram 5.2 Inch Screen 12 Megapixel Rear Camera. © 2017 Pricehunt, All Rights Reserved.. 
Apple BlackBerry BLU Coolpad Gionee Google HTC Huawei Karbonn Lenovo LG Micromax Motorola Nokia OPPO Oneplus Samsung Sony Vivo Panasonic Xiaomi Xolo. APPLE COOLPAD GIONEE INTEX HTC LENOVO KARBON VIVO LEECO XOLO NOKIA LG ASUS BLACKBERRY SONY LAVA OPPO PANASONIC SAMSUNG XIAOMI HUAWEI GOOGLE ONEPLUS MOTOROLA MICROMAX BLU. If you liked this Product, then please subscribe to our site for Online Mobile Shopping. You can also find us on Facebook and Instagram .. Compare Vivo V7 vs Vivo V7 Plus February 25, 2018 Compare Oneplus 5T vs Apple iPhone X February 24, 2018 Compare Apple iPhone 8 Plus vs Samsung Galaxy S8 Plus February 24, 2018 Compare Xperia XA2 Ultra vs Xperia XA2 February 23, 2018 Compare Redmi Note 5 pro vs Redmi Note 5 February 17, 2018. Home » Products » Phones » HTC » Desire 10 Compact. Related Mobile Phones HTC One A9s $ 440.00 Add to cart HTC One X9 $ 230.00 Add to cart HTC Desire 830 $ 270.00 BUY NOW HTC Desire 816G $ 210.00 BUY NOW. Desire 10 Compact Add to cart. 3 GB RAM 32 GB ROM 5.0-inch. OS 13 MP Rear Camera 5 MP Front Camera 1.5 GHz Processor 3300 mAh Battery. Description HTC Desire 10 Compact price and Specifications. smartphone comes with 5.0-inch IPS display and runs Android 6.0. The phone has 3 GB of RAM and 32 GB of Internal Storage.. HTC Desire 10 Compact features a 13 MP primary camera and 5 MP front-facing camera.. Model Name Desire 10 Compact Release date October 2017 Color Polar white, stone black SIM Type Dual Touchscreen Yes Hybrid Sim Slot No OTG Compatible No Dimensions (mm) 146.9 x 70.9 x 7.7 weight (g) 145 Removable Battery No Battery Capacity 3300 mAh Battery. Display Size 5.0 inch Resolution 1280 x 720 pixels Resolution Type HD Display Type IPS LCD. Processor Type MediaTek MT6737T Processor core Quad- Core Processor Clock Speed 1.5 GHz Expandable Storage 256 GB Internal storage 32 GB RAM 3 GB Expandable storage type MicroSD. Rear camera 13 MP Flash Yes Front camera 5 MP. 4G/LTE Yes WI-Fi Yes Wi-Fi version 802.11b/g/n GPS Yes Bluetooth Yes Bluetooth Version 4.1 Audio Jack 3.5 mm Wi-Fi Hotspot Yes SIM Type Nano SIM Infrared No NFC No. Fingerprint No Accelerometer Yes Proximity Yes Compass No Gyroscope No Barometer No. Price in India Expected Price: Rs.13,860 approx Price in USD Expected Price: $210 approx. Galaxy S9 Plus $ 1,150.00 Galaxy S9 $ 1,000.00 LG K8 (2018) $ 130.00 LG K10 Alpha (2018) $ 130.00 LG K10 Plus (2018) $ 180.00. Apple iPhone X Apple iPhone 8 Plus Vivo X20 Plus UD Galaxy A8 (2018). 
HTC Desire 10 Compact specs & features, price in Pakistan. HTC Mobiles HTC Desire 10 Compact specs & features, rate in Pakistan 2018. Release Date: 2017, Q1 Views: 1544. HTC Desire 10 Compact Price in Pakistan. Sell Used HTC Desire 10 Compact. Buy Used HTC Desire 10 Compact. 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10. 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10. 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10. Dual Sim, 4G GSM / HSDPA / LTE. Android 6.0 (Marshmallow), 32 GB, 3 GB RAM. 13 MP + 5 MP, f/2.8, 34mm. HTC sets price < 5000 Rs. HTC sets price 5000 to 10000 Rs. HTC sets price 10000 to 15000 Rs. HTC sets price 15000 to 25000 Rs. HTC sets price 25000 to 35000 Rs. HTC sets price 35000 to 45000 Rs. HTC sets price > 45000 Rs.. Desire 10 Compact Price in Pakistan. Market Retail price without discount Rs. - HTC Desire 10 Compact best price in Pakistan is Rs. 18000 Pakistani Rupees (PKR). - One can buy HTC Desire 10 Compact pin pack from the best online stores or local shops, whichever offering cheapest price.. - Always confirm mobile specs, features, warranty, shipping cost and delivery time from the seller before you pay for HTC Desire 10 Compact .. - Some online stores sell used and refurbished models as well, so check Desire 10 Compact details from the seller before ordering.. - We do not sell any mobile phone but help you to buy best mobile at cheapest price.. What mobile / Which Mobile? If HTC Desire 10 Compact specs are not as per your requirements? Find your desired mobile by selecting right features, price, specs using our advance mobile search facility.. Compare Compare Microsoft Lumia 540 with any other mobile and see What mobile has better specs and prices and suits you more.. Feedback In case of any mistake in HTC Desire 10 Compact prices, photos, specs, please help us using our contact us page.. Desire 10 Compact Accessories, model specs, features, themes, ringtones, wallpapers. Post comments about HTC Desire 10 Compact. GSM 850 / 900 / 1800 / 1900 - SIM 1 & SIM 2. HSDPA 850 / 900 / 1900 / 2100. Yes, 2 Sims Dual Sim Mobiles. microSD, up to 128 GB Mobile with Memory Card. HSPA 42.2/5.76 Mbps, LTE Cat4 150/50 Mbps. SMS, MMS, Email, Instant Messaging (IM), Push Mail. HTML5, Internet Mobile Phones. FM Radio, MP3 Player, Games, Video Calling, Video Editor, Photo editor Mobiles with FM Radio Gaming Mobiles. MP4/H.264 player, MP3/eAAC+/WAV player, Photo/video editor, Document viewer, GPS: Yes, with A-GPS. 4.1, A2DP, LE Bluetooth Mobiles. Wi-Fi 802.11 b/g/n, hotspot WLAN Mobiles. Touch Screen 16M colors, IPS LCD capacitive touchscreen. 1280 x 720, 5.0 inches, 68.. 720 x 1280 pixels, 16:9 ratio (~294 ppi densi. 13 MP, 13 MP Mobiles , Camera Mobiles. Auto Focus, Video , Video Call. Geo-tagging, touch focus, face detection, HDR, panorama. Active noise cancellation with dedicated mic. Disclaimer: HTC Desire 10 Compact price in Pakistan is updated daily from price list provided by local shops but we cannot guarantee that the above information / price of HTC Desire 10 Compact is 100% accurate (Human error is possible). For accurate rate of HTC Desire 10 Compact in Pakistan visit your local shop.. Each genuine opinion / comment means more chances to win free mobile in lucky draw.. Reply to post / answer to question. Abbotabad Abdul hakim Adda jahan khan Adda shaiwala Akhora khattak Ali chak Allahabad Amangarh Arif wala Arifwala Attock Babri banda Badin Bahawalnagar Bahawalpur Balakot Bannu Barbar loi Barbar loi Baroute Bat khela Bhai pheru Bhakkar Bhalwal Bhan saeedabad Bhera Bhimbar Bhirya road Bhuawana Blitang Buchay key Burewala Chacklala Chacklala Chaininda Chak 4 b c Chak 46 Chak jamal Chak jhumra Chak sawara Chak sheza Chakwal Charsada Chashma Chawinda Chicha watni Chiniot Chishtian Chitral Chohar jamali Choppar hatta Chowha saidan shah Chowk azam Chowk mailta Chowk munda Chunian Dadakhel Dadu Daharki Dandot Dargai Darya khan Daska Daud khel Daulat pur Daur Deh pathaan Depal pur Dera ghazi khan Dera ismail khan Dera murad jamali Dera nawab sahib Dhatmal Dhoun kal Digri Dijkot Dina Dinga Doaaba Doltala Domeli Dudial Dunyapur Eminabad Estate l.m factory Faisalabad Farooqabad Fateh pur Feroz walla Feroz watan Feteh jhang Fiza got Gadoon amazai Gaggo mandi Gakhar mandi Gambet Garh maharaja Garh more Gari habibullah Gari mori Gawadar Gharo Ghazi Ghotki Gilgit Gohar ghoushti Gojar khan Gojra Goular khel Guddu Gujjar khan Gujranwala Gujrat Hafizabad Hala Hangu Hari pur Hariwala Haroonabad Hasilpur Hassan abdal Hattar Hattian lawrencepur Haveli lakha Havelian Hayatabad Hazro Head marala Hub inds estate Hyderabad Issa khel Jaccobabad Jaja abasian Jalal pur jatan Jalal pur priwala Jampur Jamrud road Jamshoro Jan pur Jandanwala Jaranwala Jauharabad Jehangira Jehanian Jehlum Jhal Magsi Jhand Jhang Jhatta bhutta Jhelum Jhudo Joharabad Kabir wala Kacha khooh Kahuta Kakul Kakur town Kala bagh Kala shah kaku Kalar syedian Kalaswala Kallur kot Kamalia Kamalia musa Kamber ali khan Kamokey Kamra Kandh kot Kandiaro Karak Karoor pacca Karore lalisan Kashmir Kashmore Kasur Kazi ahmed Khair pur Khair pur mir Khairpur nathan shah Khan qah sharif Khanbel Khandabad Khanewal Khangarh Khanqah dogran Khanqah sharif Kharian Khewra Khoski Khurian wala Khushab Khushal kot Khuzdar Kohat Kot addu Kot bunglow Kot ghulam mohd Kot mithan Kot radha kishan Kotla Kotla arab ali khan Kotla jam Kotla patdan Kotli loharan Kotri Kumbh Kundina Kunjah Kunri Laki marwat Lala musa Lala rukh Laliah Lalshanra Larkana Lasbella Lawrence pur Layyah Liaquat pur Lodhran Ludhan Machi goth Madina Mailsi Makli Malakwal Mamu kunjan Mandi bahauddin Mandra Manga mandi Mangal sada Mangi Mangla Mangowal Manoabad Manshera Mardan Mari indus Mastoi Matiari Matli Mehar Mehmood kot Mehrab pur Mian chunnu Mian Walli Mingora Mir ali Miran shah Mirpur Mirpur khas Mirpur mathelo Mohen jo daro More kunda Morgah Moro Mubarik pur Multan Muridkay Murree Musafir khana Mustung Muzaffarabad Muzaffargarh Nankana sahib Narang mandi Narowal Naseerabad Naudero Naukot Naukundi Nawab shah New saeedabad Nilore Noor kot Noorpur nooranga Nowshera Nowshera cantt Nowshero peroz Okara Other Padidan Pak china fertilizer Pak pattan sharif Panjan kisan Panjgoor Pannu aqil Pasni Pasroor Patoki Peshawar Phagwar Phalia Phool nagar Piaro goth Pindi bhohri Pindi dadan khan Pindi gheb Pir mahal Pishin Qalandarabad Qasba gujrat Qazi ahmed Quaidabad Quetta Rabwah Rahimyar khan Rahwali Raiwand Rajana Rajanpur Rangoo Ranipur Ratto dero Rawala kot Rawalpindi Rawat Renala khurd Risalpur Rohri Sadiqabad Sagri Sahiwal Saidu sharif Sajawal Sakrand Samanabad Sambrial Samma satta Samundri Sanghar Sanghi Sangla hill Sangote Sanjwal Sara e alamgir Sara e naurang Sargodha Satyana bangla Sehar baqlas Serai alamgir Shadiwal Shah kot Shahdad kot Shahdad pur Shahpur chakar Shaikhupura Shamsabad Shankiari Shedani sharif Sheikhupura Shemier Shikar pur Shorkot Shujabad Sialkot Sibi Sihala Sikandarabad Silanwala Sita road Skardu Sohawa district daska Sohawa district jelum Sukkur Swabi Swatmingora Takhtbai Talagang Talamba Talhur Tando adam Tando allahyar Tando jam Tando mohd khan Tank Tarbela Tarmatan Taunsa sharif Taxila Tharo shah Thatta Theing jattan more Thull Tibba sultanpur Tobatek singh Topi Toru Trinda mohd pannah Turbat Ubaro Ugoki Ukba Umar kot Upper deval Usta mohammad Vehari Village Sunder Wah cantt Wahi hassain Wan radha ram Warah Warburton Wazirabad Yazman mandi Zahir pir. Question: What is capital of Pakistan? *. (Answer can be from islamabad | lahore ). Spam comments will not be approved at all.. HTC Desire 10 Compact Reviews & User Opinions. Get a Free Mobile by posting HTC Desire 10 Compact review. Abdul Aleem February 25, 2018. Ritik Nonia February 25, 2018. Rates in spice mobile m900 tv projector online home delivery. shahid February 25, 2018. Hassan Ali February 25, 2018. I like this samsung galaxy j7 max. Abdul wahab February 24, 2018. azizullah February 24, 2018. kashif February 24, 2018. i want to buy htc 10 life style. ashar February 23, 2018. Xiaomi Redmi Note 5 Pro Reviews. Or kitnay waqt main mujy mil sakta hy .or kis tareeqy. Najeeb ullah February 22, 2018. mere pass Alcatel A3 hy sel krna hy anyone need than contact me.. Asad Ali February 22, 2018. © 2008-2018 mobile-phone.pk PKR mobile prices in Pakistan Karachi, Lahore, Islamabad, India. 
Home HTC HTC Desire 10 Compact. HTC Desire 10 Compact :Quick Facts. HTC Desire 10 Compact Full Specs. HTC Desire 10 Compact smartphone was released in April, 2017. It features a multi-touch 5.0-inch IPS LCD with a screen resolution of 720 pixles x 1280pixels at 294ppi density. HTC Desire 10 Compact price in Kenya is around Ksh. This phone is powered by a Quad-core 1.5GHz Cortex-A7 CPU and has 3GB RAM. The in-built memory capacity is 32GB with an option of expanding it up to 128GB via microSD card.. The Desire 10 Compact is dual Micro/Nano-SIM device with 4G LTE, HSPA and GSM network technology. The device packs a 3300mAh Li-Ion non-removable battery and runs on Android v6.0 Marshmallow.. This phone is designed with a 13MP rear camera that features autofocus, geo-tagging, 1080p videos, panorama, HDR and LED flash. The sensors include accelerometer and proximity. Connectivity options provided by the HTC Desire 10 Compact include WLAN, Bluetooth v4.1, FM radio, USB 2.0 and GPS.. HTC Desire 10 Key Specs & Price. 5.0 inches IPS LCD display, 720 pixles x 1280 pixels at 294ppi. Network Technology: 4G LTE, HSPA, GSM. 13MP rear camera, 5MP selfie camera. HTC Desire 10 Compact price rage in Kenya is between Ksh. 3GB of RAM is good enough for running several apps seamlessly. It is more affordable than other phones with similar specs. Decent display brightness and contrast from the 5.0 inches display. Name: Email: Rating: Review:. Check this box to confirm you are human.. Write CSS OR LESS and hit save. 
HTC Desire 10 Compact - user opinions and reviews. I didnt know that the avarage human hand got bigger in the last ten years so that anything that was big now is considered compact. atleast you can buy real good compacts for a bargain from 2013-2016. compact means 60 to 65mm in width.. Where did you guys get the screen protector and protective case? There is no shop over my place providing it and I'm struggling to find it online.. I hope the price is compact. That would be the only compact thing in this "not-much-more-than-a-feature-phone" phone.. also, Mediatek loooooooooool poor minds. HTC , you are out of the competition. Total of 7 user reviews and opinions for HTC Desire 10 Compact .. Samsung Apple Nokia Sony LG HTC Motorola Huawei Microsoft Lenovo Xiaomi Google Acer Asus Oppo OnePlus Meizu BlackBerry Alcatel ZTE Toshiba Vodafone Energizer XOLO Lava Micromax BLU Gionee vivo LeEco Panasonic HP YU verykool Maxwest Plum. HTC Desire 10 Pro HTC Desire 10 Lifestyle HTC Desire 650 Nokia 5 HTC U Play Nokia 6. HTC U11 Eyes HTC One (M8) HTC 10 HTC U11+ HTC Desire 10 Pro HTC U11. 
All orders of 100.00 AED or more on fulfilled by Souq items across any product category qualify for FREE shipping.. Changed your mind, you can return your product and get a full refund.. Pay for your order in cash at the moment the shipment is delivered to your doorstep. UAE Egypt Saudi Kuwait. Let us wish you a happy birthday!. Make sure to buy your groceries and daily needs. Let us wish you a happy birthday!. Let us wish you a happy birthday!. Day 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 28 29 30 31. Year 1999 1998 1997 1996 1995 1994 1993 1992 1991 1990 1989 1988 1987 1986 1985 1984 1983 1982 1981 1980 1979 1978 1977 1976 1975 1974 1973 1972 1971 1970 1969 1968 1967 1966 1965 1964 1963 1962 1961 1960 1959 1958 1957 1956 1955 1954 1953 1952 1951 1950 1949 1948 1947 1946 1945 1944 1943 1942 1941 1940 1939 1938 1937 1936 1935 1934 1933 1932 1931 1930 1929 1928 1927 1926 1925 1924 1923 1922 1921 1920 1919 1918 1917 1916 1915 1914 1913 1912 1911 1910 1909 1908 1907 1906 1905. Please fill in a complete birthday. All Categories Supermarket Electronics Mobiles & Tablets Baby & Toys Home & Kitchen Perfumes & Beauty Sports & Fitness Automotive Brand Stores Books. New Arrivals Women Men Kids Sports Watches & Jewelry Bags Eyewear Collections International Store Top Brands Outlet Amazon Global Store. Women Clothing Footwear Bags & Wallets Watches Sunglasses & Frames Jewelry. Men Clothing Footwear Bags & Wallets Watches Sunglasses & Frames. Sports Men Sportswear Men Athletic Shoes Women Sportswear Women Athletic Shoes. Clothing Dresses Jumpsuits Tops T-shirts Jeans Pants Sportswear Swimwear Lingerie Sleepwear Skirts Jackets & Coats Arabian Wear. Bags & Accessories Totes & Hobos Cross Body Bags Clutches & Evening Bags Backpacks Wallets. Shoes Athletic Casual & Sneakers Heels Wedges Flats Sandal & Slippers Boots. Watches Fashion Watches Luxury Watches Watch Organizers Leather Bands Stainless Steel Jewelry Necklaces & Pendants Earrings Bracelets Jewelry Sets Charms Rings Fine Jewelry. Eyewear Sunglasses Optical Frames Contact Lenses Aviator Wayfarer Cat Eye Clubmaster. Top Brands adidas Aldo Call It Spring Forever 21 Guess Michael Kors Missguided Nike Only Puma Lacoste Koton Vero Moda. Clothing Shirts Polos T-shirts Jeans Trousers Sportswear Shorts Swimwear Underwear Sleepwear Jackets, Coats & Hoodies. Bags Backpacks Wallets Messenger bags Belts Hats & Caps Cufflinks Jewelry. Shoes Athletic Casual & Sneakers Sandals Slippers Boots. Eyewear Sunglasses Optical Frames Contact Lenses Aviator Wayfarer Round Rimless. Watches Fashion Watches Luxury Watches Watch Organizers Leather Bands Stainless Steel Band. Top Brands Brave Soul Call It Spring Forever 21 Fred Perry Hugo Boss Jack & Jones Lacoste Levi's Original Penguin Polo Ralph Lauren Skechers Timberland Tommy Hilfiger U.S. Women | Sportswear Tops & Tees Bottoms Bras and Vests Running Clothing Training Clothing Shop All Women | Sport Shoes Running shoes Walking shoes Training shoes Shop All. Men | Sportswear Tops & Tees Bottoms Sports Jackets Training Clothing Running Clothing Shop All Men | Sport Shoes Running shoes Walking shoes Training shoes Shop All. Top Brands adidas Nike Skechers Puma New Balance Under Armour Asics Anta Columbia Converse Mizuno Vans Shop All. Women Clothing Only Vero Moda Tommy Hilfiger Glamorous Forever 21 Tally Weijl Quiz Clothing Guess Juicy Couture Brave Soul Ichi OVS. Women Shoes Nike Skechers Reebok Puma Aldo Nine West Guess Coach Missguided Truffle Shellys London Emu Michael Kors. Women Accessories Tory Burch DKNY Fossil Marc By Marc Jacobs Kenneth Cole XOXO Esprit Gucci Nine West Akribos XXIV Just Cavalli Lauren by Ralph Lauren. Polo Assn Jack & Jones Timberland Ralph Lauren Tommy Hilfiger Santa Monica Polo Club Brave Soul Tokyo Laundry Bellfield Gant Guess Diesel Hugo Boss. Men Shoes Nike Timberland Reebok Skechers Puma Aldo Jack & Jones New Balance Converse Vans Call It Spring adidas Asics. Men Accessories Emporio Armani Oakley JBW Tommy Hilfiger Fossil Daniel Wellington Puma Diesel Polaroid Tissot Michael Kors Tumi Levi's. Food & Beverages Dairy Products Beauty Homecare Baby World Pet World. Breakfast Breakfast Cereal Oats & Granola Jams, Spreads & Honey Pastas and Noodles. Snacks Chips & Crisps Biscuits & Cookies Nuts & Seeds Dates Confectionery Chocolate & Candy. Cooking Soup Rice & Pulses Spices & Condiments Packaged Meals Organic Food. Beverages Water Juices Sodas Energy Drinks Tea Coffee Milk. Hair Care Hair Dyes Hair Treatment Shampoos Conditioners. Skin Care Body Lotions Face Creams Anti Aging Wet Wipes. Personal Care Soap & Shower Gel Mouth Wash Toothbrushes Toothpaste Deodorants Feminine Hygiene. Laundry Detergent Fabric Softener Liquid Powder. Cleaning Supplies Dish Cleaners Bathroom Cleaners Multi Purpose Cleaners Air Fresheners. Paper & Plastic Trash Bags Tissue Disposable Napkins Disposable Cups. Small Appliances Blenders & Mixers Juice Extractors Food Preparation Vacuum Cleaners Coffee Machines View All Large Appliances Refrigerators Washing Machines Ovens & Ranges Air Conditioners Microwaves View All. Laptops Macbooks Gaming Laptops All In Ones | Desktops 2 in 1 Laptops Below AED 1,999 View All Accessories Hard Disks Routers Printers Monitors USB Drives View All. Televisions LED 4K UHD Smart TV Below AED 1,499 55" Full HD View All Home Audio/Video Speakers Home Theatres Projectors Headphones TV Accessories View All. Video Games Playstation 4 Xbox One Nintendo Switch Latest Games Gaming Accessories View All Cameras Action Cameras DSLRs Point & Shoot Lenses & Flash Accessories View All. Accessories Headsets Smartwatches Powerbanks Cables & Chargers Fitness Trackers View All Cases & Covers For iPhone 8 For Samsung S8 Below AED 59 For Xiaomi For iPhone 7 View All. Tablets iPads Samsung Microsoft Surface Lenovo Innjoo View All Shop By Price Below AED 299 AED 300 - 599 AED 600 - 999 AED 1000 - 1999 Above AED 2000 View All. Mobiles Samsung iPhones OnePlus Xiaomi Motorola Sony Nokia Huawei HTC BlackBerry ASUS Honor LG View All. Trending Samsung S8 iPhone X iPhone 8 Samsung Note 8 Honor 9 Lite View All Only On Souq OnePlus 5T ASUS Zenfone 2 Motorola G5 Plus BLU Vivo 6 Infinix S2 Pro View All. Baby & Toddler Diapering Baby Food Feeding Bath & Skin Care Baby Health & Safety Baby Toys & Accessories Nursery Clothing, Shoes & Accessories Shop All Buying Guide. Baby Gear Prams & Strollers Car Seats & Boosters Travel Systems Bouncers, Rockers, Swings Monitors & Gates Walkers High Chairs Playards Shop All. Toys & Games LEGO, Building & Blocks Electronic & RC Toys Action Figures Arts & Crafts Cards, Games & Puzzles Educational Toys Stuffed Toys Dolls & Dolls houses Dress Up & Pretend Play Board Games Party Supplies Shop All. Sports & Outdoor Play Playhouses , Tables & Slides Swing Sets & Climbers Trampolines & Accessories Swimming Pools & Water Toys Bikes, Scooters & Ride Ons Sandboxes & Beach Toys Blaster Toys Bounce Houses & Ball Pits. Video Games Playstation 4 Xbox One Nintendo Switch Latest Games Gaming Accessories View All. Furniture Bedroom Living Room Kitchen & Dining Room Home Office Home Entertainment Bean Bags Décor Wallpaper & Decals Clocks Paintings/Posters Candles & Holders Curtains & Slipcovers Garden Décor. Kitchen & Dining Cookware Dinnerware Bakeware Cutlery Glassware & Drinkware Serveware Kitchen Tools Do it Yourself Measuring & Layout Tools Hand Tools Power Tools Hardware Electrical. Outdoor Trolley Suitcases & Bags Packing & Bags Accessories Lawn & Garden Outdoor Living Grills & Outdoor Cooking Home Accents & Other Crafts Bean Bags Lightings Rugs, Carpets & Mats Decorative Cushions Clocks Sewing & Acessories Coins & Stamps Collections. Bed Comforters & Duvet Sets Bedspreads & Bedding Sheets Blankets & Throws Pillows Mattress & Toppers Bath Towels Tubs, Sinks & Taps Toilets & Urinals Pets Pet Food Pet Supplies Shop All. Perfumes & Fragrances Women Men New Arrivals Arabic Perfumes Fragrance Gift Sets Perfume Buying Guide Health Dietary Supplements Vitamins & Minerals Sport Nutrition Personal Scales Blood Pressure Monitors Small Medical Equipments. Makeup Eyes Lips Face Nails Palettes & Sets Beauty Tools & Brushes Hair Hair Straightners Hair Curlers Hair Dryers Oils, Serums & Treatments Wigs Hair Accessories. Personal Care Women Hair Removal Dental Care Skin Care Massagers Bath & Body Body Support & Slimming Men's Grooming Electric Shavers Trimmers Hair Clippers Beard & Mustache Care Hair Loss Treatment. Brand Stores Luxury Beauty L'Oreal Paris Maybelline Philips Braun Oral-B Scholl Veet. Cardio Training Treadmills Exercise Bikes Rowing Machines Aerobic Steppers Exercise Ropes Fitness Trackers Ab Machines Air walkers Gym Massager Sports Fashion Footwear Clothing Accessories. Strength & Weights Home Gym Dumbbells Medicine Balls Kettlebells & Barbells Multi-Function Benches Yoga Mats Gym Gloves Gym Balls Gym Belts. Outdoor Golf Skiing Water Sports Cycling Running Camping Camping Tents Accessories Lights Camping Bed. Team Sports Football Volleyball Basketball Tennis Cricket Squash Table Tennis Badminton Leisure Sports/Games Billiard Fishing Games. Brands Everlast Body Sculpture Nike Adidas Yonex Top Skyland Wilson Aqua Sphere Waterrower Marshall fitness Nordictrack Life Top TA Sports. Car Care & Protection Air fresheners & Purifiers Car Covers Car Cleaning Tools Car polishing product Vacuum Cleaners Vehicle Fluids & Lubricants Car Multimedia Car Video system Car Audio system Car Audio & Video Tools Woofers & Amplifiers Car Bluetooth Kit Car Camera system. GPS devices Navigation System Portable Navigators In-Dash Navigators Handheld Navigators GPS Accessories GPS Receiver Car Parts & tools Car Parts Car Error Reader Car Lightings Car Air Filters Car Maintainence Car Tools. Car Accessories Interiors Accessories Exterior Accessories Car Key & Keychains Tires & wheels Compressors & Tire inflators Tire tools & product Motorcycle Parts. Top Brands Garmin Sony Clayton Boschmann JVC JBL Turtle Wax American Breeze Armor All Jabra Kenwood. Order with FREE Shipping by Souq.com. All orders of 100.00 AED or more of eligible items across any product category qualify for FREE Shipping.. This program is available only to UAE residents.. What items are eligible for FREE Shipping? The Items that are packed, fulfilled and shipped by Souq.com, which can be identified by the fulfilled by souq badge.. With FREE Shipping, your order will be delivered within the estimated shipping speed available after you checkout.. To place an order online, do the following:. 1- Add at least 100.00 AED of eligible items (in which case all other eligible items in the order also ship free) to your Shopping Cart. 2- To find eligible for FREE Shipping offers, Here are two quick and easy ways:. - Look for products with fulfilled by Souq badge in search results and detail pages. - When you search for products, select “Eligible for FREE Shipping on fulfilled by Souq filter from the left side of the search results page. - Not using search? Look for products with fulfilled by Souq badge.. Any item with fulfilled by Souq badge on the product detail page that is fulfilled and shipped by Souq is eligible and contributes to your free shipping order minimum.. For more information, go to About FREE Shipping by Souq .. HTC Desire 10 Compact Dual SIM - 32GB, 3GB RAM, 4G LTE, Stone Black. HTC Desire 10 Compact Dual SIM - 32GB, 3GB RAM, 4G LTE, Stone Black. Stored, Packed and Shipped by Souq.com. 1 Year Warranty +Free!. Warranty for 1 year for free More Details. Warranty for 1 year for free More Details. 1 Year Warranty + Damage Protection +25.00 AED. 1 years warranty with accidental damage protection from liquid spill and cracked screens More Details. 1 years warranty with accidental damage protection from liquid spill and cracked screens More Details. 2 Years Warranty +25.00 AED. 2 years warranty, one year free + year extended More Details. 2 years warranty, one year free + year extended More Details. 2 Years Warranty + Damage Protection +33.00 AED. 2 years warranty including accidental damage protection against water spills and cracked screen More Details. 2 years warranty including accidental damage protection against water spills and cracked screen More Details. (4) more offers starting from. 1 Eligible for FREE Shipping. Ship to Dubai ( Change city ) Want it TODAY? Order before 3 PM Select Same Day Delivery on checkout.. (4) more offers starting from 512.00 AED. - 1 Eligible for FREE Shipping. Thank you for rating! Write a full review. Brand HTC Operating System Type Android Storage Capacity 32 GB Processor Type Quad-Core. Brand HTC Operating System Type Android Storage Capacity 32 GB Processor Type Quad-Core CPU Speed 1.5 GHz SIM Size Nano and Micro SIM Number Of SIM Dual SIM Mobile Phone Type Smartphone Cellular Network Technology 4G LTE Chipset manufacturer MediaTek Processor Model MediaTek MT6737T Multi SIM Card Battery Capacity in mAh 3000 mAh Model Number D10 Battery Capacity in mAh 2000 - 3000 mAH Region Middle East Item EAN 2724465692775 Image quality Rear Camera Resolution 13 MP Audio 3.5 mm Audio Jack Display Display Size (Inch) 5 Inch Connectivity 4G LTE Yes Connectivity NFC Camera Front Camera 5 MP Camera Front Flash Color Color Black Power Management Fast Charge Technical Information Operating System Version Android M Technical Information Memory RAM 3 GB. Screen Size: 5 Inch - 720p HD. Processor: Mediatek MT6737T, Quad-core 1.5 GHz. Camera: Rear - 13MP and Front - 5MP. SIM: Dual SIM - Nano and Micro SIM. 12 ratings. of users recommend this product to a friend. Thank you for rating! Write a full review. What's not so good about this product:. Great product at a great price. Love the specs at the price. Over all product is good, Video clarity is less. Please verify your mobile number to complete your checkout. We will send you an SMS containing a verification code. Please double check your mobile number and click on "Send Verification Code" .. We sent your verification code by SMS to +. Enter the code below and hit Verify. + 971. I didn't receive my verification code. Your Mobile number has been verified!. Have a question or an issue? We are here to help. Popular Searches White Friday Samsung S9 | S9+ Samsung Apple IPhone Souq Fashion Souq SuperMarket AmazonBasics Home & Kitchen Sports & Fitness Baby & Toys. My Account Log In / Register My Shopping Cart My Orders My Addresses Wish Lists Account Settings Account Summary Intellectual Property Brand and Copyright Owners Marketplace Sellers. Selling on Souq.com Sell on souq.com How It Works Selling Policies Seller Terms and Conditions Fulfilled by Souq FAQs Buying on Souq.com How to Buy Easy Payment Plans Return Policy Advertise with us Help. About Us Media Center Careers Privacy Policy Terms and Conditions Affiliate Program Helpbit Services. 
Huawei Honor 7x(4GB/64GB) Now at 990AED (Incl:tax). Sign up for our newsletter to receive special offers. Buy Huawei honor 7x Now!. Fancier Professional DSLR Camera Bagpack - FB9065. Go pro El Grande (38in Extension Pole). canon battery grip BGE 14 for 70D. Canon Color Ink Paper Set, KP-108IN for Selphy CP910 - CP810 Photo Printer. Go pro Rechargeable Battery (HERO6 Black/HERO5 Black). DJI Osmo+ - Handheld, 4K Camera and 3-Axis Gimbal. Go pro Hand + Wrist Strap. Canon Digital IXUS 177 Black Color. Canon IXUS 185 Point and Shot Camera 20MP 8X Zoom Black. Canon PowerShot G7 X Mark II - 20.1 MP, Point and Shoot Camera, Black. Canon PowerShot G9 X Mark II - 20.1 MP, Point & Shoot Camera, Black. Canon PowerShot ixus180 - 20 MP Digital Camera Black. DJI Osmo Mobile Gimbal Stabilizer for Smartphones. DJI Phantom 3 Advance Quadcopter with 2.7K Camera. DJI Phantom 4 Quadcopter DJI-P401 12MP, 4K Video. Fancier Professional DSLR Camera Bagpack - FB9065. Canon EOS 1300D Lens Kit - 18 MP, DSLR Camera, 18 - 55mm 3.5-5.6 III, Black. Canon EOS 1300D Lens Kit - 18 MP, DSLR Camera, 18 - 55mm 3.5-5.6 IS II Black. Canon EOS 1D X Mark II Body Only - Full Frame. Nikon 24-120mm f/4G ED VR AF-S NIKKOR Lens. Nikon AF Zoom-NIKKOR 70-300mm f/4-5.6G Lens. Nikon AF-S DX NIKKOR 18-200mm f/3.5-5.6G ED VR II Lens for Nikon DSLR Cameras. Nikon AF-S DX NIKKOR 35mm f/1.8G Lens for Nikon DSLR Cameras. Nikon AF-S NIKKOR 14-24mm f/2.8G ED Lens. Return for free within 14 days. We use the best security features. GSM 850 / 900 / 1800 / 1900 - SIM 1 & SIM 2. IPS LCD capacitive touchscreen, 16M colors. 720 x 1280 pixels, 16:9 ratio (~294 ppi density). 13 MP (f/2.2, 28mm), autofocus, LED flash. touch focus, face detection, HDR, panorama. - Active noise cancellation with dedicated mic. view), MMS, Email, Push Mail, IM. Note: HTML is not translated!. Cash or Card on Delivery,Online payment,Pay at Store(Al Qusais Dubai),Western Union&UAE Exchange. Product Code: HTC Desire 10 Compact. Brand new+1 year brand Warranty [Limited for Accessories]. 2 reviews / Write a review. A Company focused on ‘Assurance for quality’.. As our company has grown and our strategies evolved, our focus has remained unchanged since the inception of mjmellies in 2015. We provide effective online platform for our customers to buy and sell online. This, with our desire in excellence in customer service, has allowed us to help customers all over UAE and GCC regions.. Sign up for our weekly newsletter and be the first to receive our very latest promotions and special offers. Copyright © 2017,This website operated by mjmellies Middle East FZE ,Ajman&mjmellies mobilephones and accessories trading LLC,Dubai , All Rights Reserved.Tax Registration Number- TRN 100226265500003. 
Our new search experience requires JavaScript to be enabled. Please enable JavaScript on your browser , then try again .. All Categories Antiques Art Baby Books Business & Industrial Cameras & Photo Cell Phones & Accessories Clothing, Shoes & Accessories Coins & Paper Money Collectibles Computers/Tablets & Networking Consumer Electronics Crafts Dolls & Bears DVDs & Movies eBay Motors Entertainment Memorabilia Gift Cards & Coupons Health & Beauty Home & Garden Jewelry & Watches Music Musical Instruments & Gear Pet Supplies Pottery & Glass Real Estate Specialty Services Sporting Goods Sports Mem, Cards & Fan Shop Stamps Tickets & Experiences Toys & Hobbies Travel Video Games & Consoles Everything Else. Hi ( Sign in to bid or buy) Daily Deals Gift Cards Help & Contact Sell. Summary Recently Viewed Bids/Offers Watch List Purchase History Selling Saved Searches Saved Sellers Messages. All Listings - Current page. results for htc desire 10. Save htc desire 10 to get e-mail alerts and updates on your eBay Feed.. Unfollow htc desire 10 to stop getting updates on your eBay Feed.. You'll receive email and Feed alerts when new items arrive. Afghanistan - AFG Albania - ALB Algeria - DZA American Samoa - ASM Andorra - AND Angola - AGO Anguilla - AIA Antigua and Barbuda - ATG Argentina - ARG Armenia - ARM Aruba - ABW Australia - AUS Austria - AUT Azerbaijan Republic - AZE Bahamas - BHS Bahrain - BHR Bangladesh - BGD Barbados - BRB Belarus - BLR Belgium - BEL Belize - BLZ Benin - BEN Bermuda - BMU Bhutan - BTN Bolivia - BOL Bosnia and Herzegovina - BIH Botswana - BWA Brazil - BRA British Virgin Islands - VGB Brunei Darussalam - BRN Bulgaria - BGR Burkina Faso - BFA Burma - MMR Burundi - BDI Cambodia - KHM Cameroon - CMR Canada - CAN Cape Verde Islands - CPV Cayman Islands - CYM Central African Republic - CAF Chad - TCD Chile - CHL China - CHN Colombia - COL Comoros - COM Congo, Democratic Republic of the - COD Congo, Republic of the - COG Cook Islands - COK Costa Rica - CRI Cote d Ivoire (Ivory Coast) - CIV Croatia, Republic of - HRV Cyprus - CYP Czech Republic - CZE Denmark - DNK Djibouti - DJI Dominica - DMA Dominican Republic - DOM Ecuador - ECU Egypt - EGY El Salvador - SLV Equatorial Guinea - GNQ Eritrea - ERI Estonia - EST Ethiopia - ETH Falkland Islands (Islas Malvinas) - FLK Fiji - FJI Finland - FIN France - FRA French Guiana - GUF French Polynesia - PYF Gabon Republic - GAB Gambia - GMB Georgia - GEO Germany - DEU Ghana - GHA Gibraltar - GIB Greece - GRC Greenland - GRL Grenada - GRD Guadeloupe - GLP Guam - GUM Guatemala - GTM Guernsey - GGY Guinea - GIN Guinea-Bissau - GNB Guyana - GUY Haiti - HTI Honduras - HND Hong Kong - HKG Hungary - HUN Iceland - ISL India - IND Indonesia - IDN Ireland - IRL Israel - ISR Italy - ITA Jamaica - JAM Japan - JPN Jersey - JEY Jordan - JOR Kazakhstan - KAZ Kenya - KEN Kiribati - KIR Korea, South - KOR Kuwait - KWT Kyrgyzstan - KGZ Laos - LAO Latvia - LVA Lebanon - LBN Liechtenstein - LIE Lithuania - LTU Luxembourg - LUX Macau - MAC Macedonia - MKD Madagascar - MDG Malawi - MWI Malaysia - MYS Maldives - MDV Mali - MLI Malta - MLT Marshall Islands - MHL Martinique - MTQ Mauritania - MRT Mauritius - MUS Mayotte - MYT Mexico - MEX Micronesia - FSM Moldova - MDA Monaco - MCO Mongolia - MNG Montenegro - MNE Montserrat - MSR Morocco - MAR Mozambique - MOZ Namibia - NAM Nauru - NRU Nepal - NPL Netherlands - NLD Netherlands Antilles - ANT New Caledonia - NCL New Zealand - NZL Nicaragua - NIC Niger - NER Nigeria - NGA Niue - NIU Norway - NOR Oman - OMN Pakistan - PAK Palau - PLW Panama - PAN Papua New Guinea - PNG Paraguay - PRY Peru - PER Philippines - PHL Poland - POL Portugal - PRT Puerto Rico - PRI Qatar - QAT Reunion - REU Romania - ROU Russian Federation - RUS Rwanda - RWA Saint Helena - SHN Saint Kitts-Nevis - KNA Saint Lucia - LCA Saint Pierre and Miquelon - SPM Saint Vincent and the Grenadines - VCT San Marino - SMR Saudi Arabia - SAU Senegal - SEN Serbia - SRB Seychelles - SYC Sierra Leone - SLE Singapore - SGP Slovakia - SVK Slovenia - SVN Solomon Islands - SLB Somalia - SOM South Africa - ZAF Spain - ESP Sri Lanka - LKA Suriname - SUR Swaziland - SWZ Sweden - SWE Switzerland - CHE Taiwan - TWN Tajikistan - TJK Tanzania - TZA Thailand - THA Togo - TGO Tonga - TON Trinidad and Tobago - TTO Tunisia - TUN Turkey - TUR Turkmenistan - TKM Turks and Caicos Islands - TCA Tuvalu - TUV Uganda - UGA Ukraine - UKR United Arab Emirates - ARE United Kingdom - UK United States - USA Uruguay - URU Uzbekistan - UZB Vanuatu - VUT Vatican City State - VAT Venezuela - VEN Vietnam - VNM Virgin Islands (U.S) - VIR Wallis and Futuna - WLF Western Sahara - ESH Western Samoa - WSM Yemen - YEM Zambia - ZMB Zimbabwe - ZWE. HTC Desire 10 Pro D10i 64GB (FACTORY UNLOCKED) 5.5" 20MP Black White Blue Green. New HTC Desire 10 Pro D10i 64GB Dual Sim Factory Unlocked - Black. 4 new & refurbished from $215.00. HTC Desire 10 Pro 64GB 5.5" 20MP 4GB RAM Android Phone By FedEx. For HTC Desire 10 Pro M10 Pro Crazy Horse Cover Case Flip PU Leather Card Slot. Slim Hybrid Hard Armor Shockproof Case Cover For HTC A9 Desire 828 530 One M10. HTC Desire 10 Lifestyle 32GB (Unlocked) 4G LTE 5.5in 13MP 3GB RAM Blue. HTC Desire 10 Pro FACTORY UNLOCKED 64GB+4GB RAM Dual SIM 5.5'' Smartphone USA. New HTC Desire 10 Pro D10i Factory Unlocked 64GB 4GB RAM Android Dual Sim Phone. HTC Desire 10 Lifestyle 32GB (Unlocked) 4G LTE 5.5in 13MP 3GB RAM Black. HTC Desire 10 Pro Black 64GB 5.5" 20MP 4GB RAM Android Phone By FedEx. 4 new & refurbished from $229.99. HTC Desire 10 Pro D10i 64GB WHITE (FACTORY UNLOCKED) 5.5" 20MP SMARTPHONE. HTC Desire 10 Pro 64GB (Unlocked) Dual Sim 4G LTE 5.5in 20MP Black. HTC Desire 10 Pro White 64GB 5.5" 20MP 4GB RAM Android Phone By FedEx. 4 new & refurbished from $229.99. HTC DESIRE 10 PRO D10i 64GB BLUE (FACTORY UNLOCKED) 5.5" 20MP SMARTPHONE. CoverON for HTC Desire 10 Lifestyle Case Hybrid Stand Armor Phone Cover - Navy. For HTC Desire 10 Pro 10Pro D10 Pro PU Leather Card Wallet Stand Flip Cover Case. HTC Desire 10 Lifestyle (White, 32GB) 3GB RAM (4G) 13MP Camera Ship DHL. HTC Desire 10 Pro D10i 64GB BLACK (FACTORY UNLOCKED) 5.5" 20MP SMARTPHONE. HTC Desire 10 Pro D10 Dual SIM 5.5" 64GB Factory Unlocked Phone Polar White. Original HTC Desire 10 Pro D10i UNLOCKED 4GB+64GB Dual SIM 20MP 5.5" 4G LTE. HTC Desire 10 Pro D10i 64GB Stone Black Factory Unlocked GSM No Warranty. 2 new & refurbished from $256.61. New HTC Desire 10 Pro D10w 64GB 4GB RAM Dual SIM 20MP 4G LTE Factory Unlocked. New HTC Desire 10 Pro D10i 64GB Dual Sim Factory Unlocked - Blue. 2 new & refurbished from $219.00. For HTC One X10 U11 U Play U Ultra Desire 530 Rose & Wine Print Phone Case Cover. Case for HTC Desire 10 Lifestyle TPU Cover S-Style + protective foils white. HTC Desire 10 Pro D10 Dual SIM 5.5" 64GB Factory Unlocked Phone Stone Black. HTC Desire 10 Pro 64GB D10 4G LTE GSM Unlocked Dual SIM 20MP Camera Smartphone. OPEN BOX - HTC Desire 10 Pro D10W 64GB (FACTORY UNLOCKED) 5.5" 20MP Black. OPEN BOX - HTC Desire 10 Pro D10i 64GB (FACTORY UNLOCKED) 5.5" 20MP - Blue. 2 new & refurbished from $219.00. HTC Desire 10 Pro 4G LTE Smartphone - 64GB 4GB Ram - Brand New Sealed. HTC Desire 10 Pro Dual Royal Blue. HTC Desire 10 Pro D10i 64GB, Unlocked, Dual Sim, 5.5', 13MP, Choose Your Color. 4 new & refurbished from $229.99. HTC Desire 10 Lifestyle 5.5-Inch Smartphone(2GB /16GB). G10 Original Unlocked HTC Desire HD A9191 Mobile phone 4.3" Touchscreen 8MP WIFI. HTC Desire 10 Compact Dual 32GB 4G LTE Stone Black. New HTC Desire 10 Pro D10i 64GB Dual Sim Factory Unlocked - White. 4 new & refurbished from $215.00. Mobile Phone HTC Desire 64GB Stone Black Factory Unlocked GSM. 2 new & refurbished from $256.61. HTC Desire 10 Pro D10i 64GB Dual Sim 4G 4GB Ram Factory Unlocked Black Bundle. 4 new & refurbished from $215.00. For HTC Desire 530 630 Fashion Pattern Rubber Soft TPU Silicone Back Case Cover. For HTC Desire 610 Fashion Folio Flip Leather Wallet Cover Case Pouch Kickstand. HTC Desire 10 Pro D10i 64GB Dual Sim Factory Unlocked 4GB Ram - White Bundle. 4 new & refurbished from $215.00. HTC Desire 10 Pro D10i 64GB Dual sim Factory Unlocked 4GB Ram - Blue Bundle. 2 new & refurbished from $219.00. G10 Original Unlocked HTC Desire HD A9191 Mobile phone 4.3" Touchscreen 8MP WIFI. For HTC One X9 M9 8 10 Desire 820 626 - Green Paisley Print Wallet Phone Case. For HTC Desire 530 630 Design Hybrid Shockproof Armor Kickstand Case Cover. ✤ in Stock ✤ Ship Worldwide ✤ Real USA Seller ✤. ******* NOT COMPATIBLE WITH VERIZON OR SPRINT ********. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. *with Rounded Edges Tempered Glass Screen Protector*. eBay determines this price through a machine learned model of the product's sale prices within the last 90 days.. eBay determines trending price through a machine learned model of the product’s sale prices within the last 90 days. "New" refers to a brand-new, unused, unopened, undamaged item, and "Used" refers to an item that has been used previously.. Top Rated Plus Sellers with highest buyer ratings Returns, money back Ships in a business day with tracking Learn More. Top Rated Plus Sellers with highest buyer ratings Returns, money back Ships in a business day with tracking Learn More. $ Enter minimum price to $ Enter maximum price. Please enter a minimum and/or maximum price before continuing.. Site Map Copyright © 1995-2018 eBay Inc. Accessibility , User Agreement , Privacy , Cookies and AdChoice Norton Secured - powered by Verisign. Amounts shown in italicized text are for items listed in currency other than U.S. dollars and are approximate conversions to U.S. dollars based upon Bloomberg's conversion rates. For more recent exchange rates, please use the Universal Currency Converter. Number of bids and bid amounts may be slightly out of date. See each listing for international shipping options and costs.. 
Ship To SA / SAR ▼. Sony Smart Watches & Smart Bands. MP3 Players, Stero & Voice Recorder. Flash Drives & Memory Card Readers. item(s) Cart. Sign In / Register. Receive our best offers directly to your inbox. Never Miss! any more Best Deals by subscribing in to our list. We will ensure 100% delivery to your inbox right when deals enabled - Sign up now !. Home » Mobile Phones & Accessories » Mobile Phones » HTC Desire 10 Compact, 32GB, 4G LTE, Dual Sim, Black. HTC Desire 10 Compact, 32GB, 4G LTE, Dua... has been added to your Shopping Cart. You now have items in your Shopping Cart.. HTC Desire 10 Compact, 32GB, 4G LTE, Dual Sim, Black. Buyers Who Bought This Item Also Bought:. HTC Desire 10 Compact, 32GB, 4G LTE, Dual Sim, Black. Brand New - This item is brand new. SMSA Delivery - 19 SAR *. 3 Days Checking Warranty -. Quick and hassle-free warranty claim process. We provide standard delivery across the country.. We provide transparent return and exchange policy, please refer to terms and conditions for details.. We do not sell anything which is counterfeited or tampered-with in manner, so you can be at ease that purchased product is 100% genuine.. Model: Desire 10 Compact. Screen Size: 5 inch. Screen Type: IPS LCD. SIM Support: Dual SIM. SIM Type: Nano SIM, Micro SIM. Data: 4G / LTE. Connectivity: WiFi, GPS, Bluetooth, USB. The HTC Desire 10 Compact comes with a 5 inch. The HTC Desire 10 Compact powered by Quad-core and it comes with 3GB of RAM. The phone packs 32GB of internal storage that can be expanded via a microSD card. As far as the cameras are concerned, the HTC Desire 10 Compact packs a 13MP megapixel primary camera on the rear and a 5MP megapixel front shooter for selfies.. The HTC Desire 10 Compact runs Android OS. The HTC Desire 10 Compact is a Dual Sim smartphone that accepts Micro & Nano SIM. Connectivity options include Wifi, Bluetooth, GPS, USB.. Bold metallic contour Long-lasting battery Easy to hold compact size Fast 3F+GB/32GB memory. HTC brings brilliance to life through leading innovation in smart mobile device and experience design. Beginning with a vision to put a personal computer in the palm of our customers' hands, we have led the way in the evolution from palm PC to smartphone.. The Pursuit of Brilliance is at the heart of everything we do, inspiring best-in-class design and game-changing mobile experiences for consumers around the world. At HTC, the Pursuit of Brilliance is the impulse to create, to venture into the unknown with an unwavering dedication to bring innovative design to life. It pushes us everyday to re-imagine new ways to connect the world, our consumers, and their pursuits in ways never before thought possible.. HTC Desire 10 Compact, 32GB, 4G LTE, Dual Sim, Black. The HTC Desire 10 Compact, 32GB, 4G LTE, Dual Sim, Black Mobile Phones is manufactured by HTC. Buy the HTC Desire 10 Compact, 32GB, 4G LTE, Dual Sim, Black at the best price in the Saudi Arabia. The purchased HTC Desire 10 Compact, 32GB, 4G LTE, Dual Sim, Black can be delivered to Saudi Arabia. Buy HTC Desire 10 Compact, 32GB, 4G LTE, Dual Sim, Black in Saudi Arabia of SAR 479 and save 47%.. The best deals of Mobile Phones in Saudi Arabia. Large choice of HTC Mobile Phones available in stock.. Recommendations Based On Your Browsing History. For Help & Support Contact us. Receive our best offers directly to your inbox. Never Miss! any more Best Deals by subscribing in to our list. We will ensure 100% delivery to your inbox right when deals enabled - Sign up now !. Home & Kitchen Appliances in UAE:. TV & Audio/Video Systems in UAE:. AWOK.com is offering the lowest prices in UAE to offer the best online shopping experience in UAE.. About Us: With the idea of creating the ideal destination for online shopping in UAE, AWOK.com was. created back in 2013 with catalog of all electronic gadgets. It branched out to one-stop shop for products. Awok.com makes it easy for you to shop easily from the comfort of your home. Awok.com is simple, fast, secure and easy.. Products: From mobiles to tablets, laptops to electronics, jewellery to cosmetics, watches to sunglasses, television. to gaming consoles we pride ourselves on selling all the products that are hip, trend and are valuable to our customers at. We sell plethora of items from the brands you love to shop from including but not limited to Adidas, Apple, CK (Calvin Klein),. Offers: Awok.com is one of the preferred stores for online shopping in UAE and for all the right reasons such as convenience, cost-effective, product quality and personalized service. We have wide range of offers available which provides you with an opportunity to buy always at low prices. We provided thousands of deals every day along with bundle of products to provide you even more savings.. Payment & Shipping: We at Awok.com make best effort for your shopping experience to be as hassle free and smooth as possible. We provide you multiple payment methods including cash on delivery and online payments. We also run our own logistics to make sure your purchased item(s) reaches you as quick as possible in the best possible condition.. © Copyright 2018 AWOK.com, All Rights Reserved.. 
لا يوجد لديك عناصر في سلة التسوق الخاصة بك.. اتش تى سى ديزاير كومباكت الجيل الرابع 32 جيجابايت - أسود. اتش تى سى ديزاير كومباكت الجيل الرابع 32 جيجابايت - أبيض. اتش تي سي ديزاير 830 32 جيجابايت - ذهبي. اتش تي سي ديزاير 830 32 جيجابايت - أزرق. اتش تي سي إم 9 بلس 32 جيجابايت - فضي. اتش تى سى يو الترا اسود. 5.7 بوصة، صُمّم خصيصاً ليعكس ويعبّر عن تألقّك. يعكس هذا الهاتف أناقة اختيارك بتصميم سلس ومميّز مثلك أنت. يأتي “HTC U Ultra” بتصميم جديد جميل وأنيق، بأسطح سلسة مصمّمة لتعكس أناقتك وأسلوبك الذي تحبّه. سوف تقدر قيمة الهاتف بمجرد أن تمسكه مع أبعاده المتناظرة والطريقة التى يعكس او يحول بها الأضواء عندما تحركه. ولتحقيق هذا المظهر الأنيق، قمنا بتطوير عملية جديدة كلياً تمتزج فيها الألوان مع السطح السلس في طبقات متعددة لتعكس الضوء بصورة مبهرة بحيث تضيف إليه لمسة من العمق والتألُّق من جميع الزوايا. كما أضفنا التصميم الزجاجي بصورة متماثلة على جوانب وحواف الهاتف باستخدام درجة حرارة وضغط مرتفعين للغاية ليشابه نفس الملمس والشكل الطبييعى للسوائل؛ كما قمنا بطي وثني السطح لنصنع مظهر أنيق يتمتع بمزيج مثالي من المعدن والزجاج. مشرفة , شارع فلسطين , مبنى الحداد. حقوق الطبع والنشر © 2018 متجر الحداد الالكتروني. 
