Monthly payment options that fit your life. WHAT CAN WE HELP YOU WITH?. HTC U11+ HTC U11 life HTC U11 HTC U Play HTC U Ultra HTC Desire 10 Lifestyle. HTC Devices & Accessories Video Tutorials. The playful 5.2” phone that fits perfectly in your hand. It reflects U , with a sophisticated new liquid surface. It listens to U , adapting sound to your unique hearing. It captures the best U with 16MP & Ultra Selfie camera. And it even learns from U , becoming a companion that evolves and gets to know you better over time.. HTC U Play introduces a new, beautifully contoured, liquid surface that’s designed to reflect the best you. Hold it up and you’ll appreciate the phone’s symmetrical construction, and the way it transforms light as you turn it. To achieve this extraordinary look, we developed an entirely new process where colors bond to the glass in multiple layers to reflect light beautifully - adding brilliance and depth from every angle. Then we mould the glass evenly around the sides and edges, using extreme pressure and heat to mimic the natural surface tension of liquid; folding and bending the surface to create a perfect blend between metal and glass.. The personal companion who is always learning from you, and the things you do every day. It can suggest that you dress warmer and leave a little earlier for work if snow is forecast 1.2 ; remind you to take a power bank on longer trips; and even recommend a restaurant when you’re away for the weekend and then book seats for you 1.2. Best of all, it’s made to evolve and get to know you better over time. HTC U Play comes with voice recognition built-in. So it’s able to recognize your voice and respond even when your phone is locked. Just say the word to make a phone call, send messages to friends, set an alarm to wake you up every day or begin hands-free navigation.. 1 HTC Sense Companion retrieves information from third party websites and databases, HTC is not responsible for the accuracy of such third party content.. 2 Feature available for download in 2017 and may not be pre-installed on HTC U Play. Feature installation requires an internet connection and download and acceptance of an HTC system update.. Every person’s inner ear is as unique as their fingerprint. HTC USonic* analyzes your inner ears with a sonic pulse, and then adapts to you. It’s like having a sound engineer in your phone; now you can hear the details you were missing.. * Inbox accessories may vary from country to country. Please check with an authorized retailer or operator for availability.. ** HTC USonic compatible with USB-C connection only.. HTC U Play has more features that add ‘wow’ to your photos and video. You get Optical Image Stabilization (OIS) for twice the shutter time with less blur. PDAF speeds up auto focus times so you don’t miss a moment. Plus Auto HDR makes taking difficult back-lit or low-light shots surprisingly easy.. Take brilliant selfies anyway you like. The new selfie camera on HTC U Play lets you easily switch between 16MP and UltraPixel™. Now you can choose between the unparalleled 4x light sensitivity* that UltraPixel offers (perfect for candlelit dinners), and the high resolution detail that 16MP provides.. * UltraPixel mode is four times more sensitive to light than standard mode.. Dimensions and Weight 1 Platform Android 2 Main Camera. f/2.0 aperture and 28 mm focal length (74.5° wide angle). Selfie timer up to 10 seconds. Pro mode with manual control and 12 bit RAW format support. Continuour shooting up to 4 fps. Full HD 1080p video recording (1920 x 1080). Video Pic (capture a 2-megapixel photo while recording Full HD 1080p video). f/2.0 aperture and 28 mm focal length (74.5° wide angle). Selfie timer up to 10 seconds. Pro mode with manual control and 12 bit RAW format support. Continuous shooting up to 4 fps. Full HD 1080p video recording (1920 x 1080). Video Pic (capture a 2-megapixel photo. while recording Full HD 1080p video). HTC Connect - 3 - finger swipe for easy wireless multimedia streaming. Reduce ringtone volume on pick up. 145.99 x 72.9 x 3.5 ~ 7.99 mm, 145 g. 145.99 x 72.9 x 3.5 ~ 7.99 mm, 145 g. Pixel density at 428 ppi (pixel per inch). Corning ® Gorilla ® Glass. f/2.0 aperture and 26.5 mm focal length (77.9° wide angle). Auto selfie (smile selfie, still selfie). Selfie timer up to 10 seconds. Full HD 1080p video recording (1920 x 1080). Video Pic (captures 2 megapixel photo while recording Full HD 1080p video). f/2.0 aperture and 26.5 mm focal length (77.9° wide angle). Auto selfie (smile selfie, still selfie). Selfie timer up to 10 seconds. Full HD 1080p video recording (1920 x 1080). 2 megapixel photo while recording Full HD 1080p video). Talk time on 3G network: up to 15.21 hours. Standby time on 3G network: up to 427.54 hours. Playback: .3gp, .mp4, .m4a, .aac, .ts, .flac, .mp3, .mid, .ogg,. Playback: .3gp, .mp4, .ts, webm, .mkv. Available storage for users: about 22.8 GB. Extended memory: microSD™ up to 2TB. Extended memory: microSD™ up to 2TB. FDD: Bands 1, 3, 5, 7, 8, 20, 28. Support Cat 6 LTE, download up to 300 Mbps, upload up to 50 Mbps. 802.11 a/b/g/n/ac (2.4 & 5 GHz). MediaTek ® Helio™P10, Octa-core, 64-bit. Thickness of device is measured at the edge of device. Thickness may be different at different parts of device.. All units of measurement may vary slightly according to manufacturing tolerance.. Platform may be different after software update.. Available storage is less due to phone software. Available storage is subject to change based on phone software updates and apps usage.. Extended memory limited to available microSD card size.. Network bands in regions may be different, depending on the mobile operator and your location. 4G LTE only available in select countries. Upload and download speeds also depend on the mobile operator.. Test conditions: The battery claims herein may vary based on cellular network, location, signal strength, feature configurations, phone usage, and many other factors. All batteries have limited recharge cycles and eventually need to be replaced. Battery life and charge cycles vary by use and settings. Battery tests are conducted in HTC laboratories using specific HTC devices. All test devices are connected to a 4G network except for Wi-Fi-based tests. HD video playback is conducted with 720P HD MP4 video on a device with audio through a headset, with default screen brightness and audio level (without Dolby). Audio playback is conducted with an MP3 audio file with audio output through a headset with default audio level (without Dolby). Internet use over Wi-Fi tests are conducted using a dedicated web server. Device browsed snapshot versions of 10 popular web pages. All settings are set to default except Auto-Brightness is turned off.. is an industry standard that is only intended to allow comparison of different mobile devices under the same circumstances. Power consumption in a standby state is strongly dependent on factors including but not limited to network, settings, location, movement, signal strength and cell traffic. Comparisons of different mobile devices using such a specification can therefore only be done in a controlled laboratory environment. When using any mobile device in real life circumstances for which the mobile device is intended, the standby time could be considerably lower and will be strongly dependent on the factors as mentioned above.. Note: Specifications may be different after software update and are subject to change without prior notice.. Australia Österreich Bangladesh Brazil Canada - English Canada - Français Česká republika 中国 Danmark Deutschland España Suomi France Hong Kong 香港 Hrvatska India Indonesia Ireland Italia 日本 Казахстан América Latina Malaysia Magyarország Middle East الشرق الأوسط Myanmar Nederland New Zealand Norge Pakistan Россия и СНГ Polska România Schweiz Singapore Sri Lanka Sverige 台灣 ประเทศไทย Türkiye Україна United Kingdom United States Việt Nam Saudi Arabia. Australia Österreich Bangladesh Brazil Canada - English Canada - Français Česká republika 中国 Danmark Deutschland España Suomi France Hong Kong 香港 Hrvatska India Indonesia Ireland Italia 日本 Казахстан América Latina Malaysia Magyarország Middle East الشرق الأوسط Myanmar Nederland New Zealand Norge Pakistan Россия и СНГ Polska România Schweiz Singapore Sri Lanka Sverige 台灣 ประเทศไทย Türkiye Україна United Kingdom United States Việt Nam Saudi Arabia. Australia Österreich Bangladesh Brazil Canada - English Canada - Français Česká republika 中国 Danmark Deutschland España Suomi France Hong Kong 香港 Hrvatska India Indonesia Ireland Italia 日本 Казахстан América Latina Malaysia Magyarország Middle East الشرق الأوسط Myanmar Nederland New Zealand Norge Pakistan Россия и СНГ Polska România Schweiz Singapore Sri Lanka Sverige 台灣 ประเทศไทย Türkiye Україна United Kingdom United States Việt Nam Saudi Arabia. Australia Österreich Bangladesh Brazil Canada - English Canada - Français Česká republika 中国 Danmark Deutschland España Suomi France Hong Kong 香港 Hrvatska India Indonesia Ireland Italia 日本 Казахстан América Latina Malaysia Magyarország Middle East الشرق الأوسط Myanmar Nederland New Zealand Norge Pakistan Россия и СНГ Polska România Schweiz Singapore Sri Lanka Sverige 台灣 ประเทศไทย Türkiye Україна United Kingdom United States Việt Nam Saudi Arabia. Support Center Warranty Policy Compliance HTC Blog HTC Dev HTC Vive. Smartphones Vive Accessories Sign up Privacy Policy Terms of Use Code of Conduct Copyright Product Security Modern Slavery Act Statement Learn More. Ultrapixel camera HTC Transfer HTC Connect Contact Us Privacy Policy Terms of Sale Cookies Cancellation Rights Legal Notice. Apps Phone features Camera tools Newsroom Company Overview Corporate Responsibility Corporate Information Investor Working at HTC. Smartphones Vive Accessories Ultrapixel camera HTC Transfer HTC Connect Apps Phone features Camera tools Support Center Warranty Policy Compliance Sign up Contact Us Privacy Policy Terms of Sale Cookies Cancellation Rights Legal Notice Newsroom Company Overview Corporate Responsibility Corporate Information Investor Working at HTC HTC Blog HTC Dev HTC Vive Privacy Policy Terms of Use Code of Conduct Copyright Product Security Modern Slavery Act Statement Learn More. It has come to our attention that a company called HTC Multinational Technology Oil & Gas (HTC Multinational) is sending e-mails purporting to come from HTC Corporation (HTC) concerning internship training. Please be aware that the e-mail from HTC Multinational is fraudulent in nature and should be deleted with immediate effect. HTC Multinational is not associated in any way with HTC or any HTC affiliated company. About Cookies on this site: This site uses cookies. By continuing to browse the site you are agreeing to our use of cookies. 
GSM 850 / 900 / 1800 / 1900 - SIM 1 & SIM 2. HSDPA 850 / 900 / 1900 / 2100. LTE band 1(2100), 3(1800), 5(850), 7(2600), 8(900), 20(800), 28(700), 38(2600), 40(2300). HSPA 42.2/5.76 Mbps, LTE-A (2CA) Cat6 300/50 Mbps. 146 x 72.9 x 8 mm (5.75 x 2.87 x 0.31 in). Hybrid Dual SIM (Nano-SIM, dual stand-by). Super LCD capacitive touchscreen, 16M colors. 5.2 inches, 73.2 cm 2 (~68.7% screen-to-body ratio). 1080 x 1920 pixels, 16:9 ratio (~428 ppi density). Octa-core (4x2.0 GHz Cortex-A53 & 4x1.1 GHz Cortex-A53). microSD, up to 256 GB (uses SIM 2 slot). 64 GB, 4 GB RAM or 32 GB, 3 RAM. 16 MP (f/2.0, 28mm, 1.0 µm), OIS, phase detection autofocus, dual-LED dual-tone flash. Geo-tagging, touch focus, face detection, panorama, Auto-HDR. 16 MP (f/2.0, 27mm, 1 µm), 1080p, Auto-HDR. - Active noise cancellation with dedicated mic. Wi-Fi 802.11 a/b/g/n/ac, dual-band, Wi-Fi Direct, DLNA, hotspot. Fingerprint (front-mounted), accelerometer, gyro, proximity, compass. SMS(threaded view), MMS, Email, Push Mail, IM. Brilliant Black, Cosmetic Pink, Ice White, Sapphire Blue. We can not guarantee that the information on this page is 100% correct. HTC U Play - user opinions and reviews. Poor phone and low quality too expensive for a mid range phone. Is it better than j7 pro? (The camera). Samsung Apple Nokia Sony LG HTC Motorola Huawei Microsoft Lenovo Xiaomi Google Acer Asus Oppo OnePlus Meizu BlackBerry Alcatel ZTE Toshiba Vodafone Energizer XOLO Lava Micromax BLU Gionee vivo LeEco Panasonic HP YU verykool Maxwest Plum. HTC U Ultra HTC Desire 10 Pro Huawei P10 Lite HTC U11 HTC 10 HTC U11 Life. HTC U11 Eyes HTC One (M8) HTC 10 HTC U11+ HTC Desire 10 Pro HTC U11. 
The source for Tech Buying Advice. More Car Tech. Tech deals, prizes and latest news. A playful smartphone with an identity crisis. The HTC U Play is a solid Android smartphone. It has enough grunt under the hood, a decent display, strong cameras and smart bundled earbuds – but it’s a package which feels like it’s missing something.. HTC U Play release date and price HTC U Play price: £399 SIM-free (around AU$650) HTC U Play release date: March 1 in UK, March 8 in AU It’s all about U HTC Sense Companion not ready yet, ‘coming soon’ No headphone jack, but bundled ear-analyzing buds Design and display Premium metal and glass design Lightweight and easy to use one-handed 5.2-inch, full HD Super LCD 2 display. Update: This review has been updated to include the addition of the Sense Companion - read on to see how we found it.. The HTC U Play is, the Taiwanese firm claims, “for the playful U”. It’s an attempt to give the phone an identity, but it hasn’t really worked. The U Play is a good phone – there’s a pleasing display, premium design and decent cameras – but it’s suffering an identity crisis.. It sits below the flagship HTC 10 and its bigger brother, the HTC U Ultra , and neither of the new U handsets will supersede the firm’s next flagship phone, the HTC 11 (although it won’t be called that), which is due to launch in the next month or so.. There’s a solid spec sheet, yet the price doesn’t help differentiate it from the swelling ranks of mid-to-high-tier handsets, and it means the HTC U Play risks slipping quietly into the background.. There’s style and there's substance – it just feels like we’re missing that je ne sais quoi .. Weight : 145g Dimensions : 146 x 72.9 x 8mm OS : Android 6 Screen size : 5.2-inch Resolution :. 1080 x 1920 CPU : octa-core Helio P10 RAM : 3GB Storage : 32GB Battery : 2,500mAh Rear camera : 16MP Front camera : 16MP. The HTC U Play release date is slated for March 1 in the UK and March 8 in Australia, but interestingly HTC has no plans to bring the handset to the US. It is, however, introducing the U Ultra stateside – a phone which has more going for it, and which benefits for a couple of defining features the U Play lacks.. The HTC U Play price is £399 (around AU$650) SIM-free in the UK, while pricing for Australia has yet to be confirmed. Since release the price of the device has dropped significantly, to around £250 in most cases, a definite bargain.. That puts the U Play in the same league as the OnePlus 3T , Moto Z Play , Sony Xperia X Compact and Honor 8 in terms of costs – which is some stiff competition for it to contend with.. The focus here is firmly about personalisation. The U Play is a phone which HTC says will listen to you, learn from you and “capture the best of you“.. HTC, like seemingly every other company in 2017, has opted to include a ‘smart assistant’ with its device - the “Sense Companion”. This promises to learn from your daily inputs and the information you provide to give useful suggestions at key moments, at least in theory.. Unlike Cortana, Alexa and the like however, this assistant doesn’t bark orders, instead it is more about the gentle notifications. These appear as blue bars in the notification shade, or as Facebook Messenger style ‘chat-heads’, both of which are readily dismissable.. The reminders generated tend to be generic. If it’s due to rain, it’ll remind you to take an umbrella. Used a lot of battery during your workday? The Sense Companion will remind you to charge the U Play before heading out for the evening. Did you enter your height and weight? It will track your steps and measure your continuing fitness.. Whether any of this is useful will depend enormously on how you use your phone, and how much information you want to surrender.. A potentially useful feature however is the integration with Boost+, the HTC battery and RAM manager built in. The Sense Companion will regularly monitor your usage, and see if any particular rogue apps are using up a little too much juice in the background before shutting them down if things degenerate further.. That is, if the Companion works in this way at all - during the review period these notifications were only sporadic at best.. As you use the device, and as the Companion collects more information, this may of course change, machine-learning being contingent on having access to mountains of information.. However, with the likes of Google Assistant and Alexa providing a similar service, but better, it begs the question of why the Sense Companion exists at all. Regardless, it is a bit of flavour for the phone, and will likely be enjoyed by those who choose to use it, it is certainly less obtrusive than other, similar programs.. The HTC U Play does come with HTC USonic, a clever analyzer that uses the bundled HTC USonic earbuds to engineer the audio output specifically to your ears using a sonic pulse.. Plug the USonic earbuds in and you’ll notice one of the shortcomings of the HTC U Play… no headphone jack. Instead they plug into the USB-C port on the base of the phone, which is okay until you hit the problem of wanting to charge the handset while continuing to use the headphones. You either have to switch to a Bluetooth set (but who wants to carry around two sets of headphones?) or stop listening to music. You can, of course, opt to use the internal speaker – but that’s not really feasible when you’re in the office or on public transport.. The first time you plug the earbuds in the U Play will recognize that they're USonic buds and launch the setup wizard so you can analyze your ears. It’s a simple, quick process that just takes a few seconds.. When the results are in you can toggle the effect on and off so that you can hear the difference – although while there is a difference it doesn’t feel especially dramatic.. Audio playback is enhanced, but it’s not clear whether that’s because the phone really has accurately mapped the inside of our ears, or whether it’s just using the BoomSound-style enhancements we’ve enjoyed on previous HTC phones.. A notification appears at the top of the screen when USonic is enabled, and you can tap this notification in the pull-down panel to “readjust to your environment”.. So if, for example, you move from a noisy place to a quieter location (or vice versa) give this a quick tap and USonic will tweak the playback levels to give you optimum quality by detecting the sound environment around you.. The HTC U Play sports a classic smartphone look, with a glass front, metal frame and a slightly more unique pearlescent ‘Liquid Surface’ glass rear.. Front-on, the U Play looks similar to the latest iPhone and Galaxy handsets – although that’s no bad thing, and unlike Samsung, HTC has removed its branding from the display side for a cleaner, minimalist finish.. The textured power/lock key and volume rocker are easy to locate on the right side of the phone, while your 2-in-1 nanoSIM and microSD tray resides on the top of the U Play.. The 5.2-inch display means dimensions are kept to a relatively compact 146 x 72.9 x 8mm, making the HTC U Play easy to hold and operate one-handed. At 145g it’s also surprisingly lightweight, which is nice during extendingBut n gaming sessions or movie playback.. However it also means the U Play feels a little cheaper than it is, while the Liquid Surface rear proves to be rather divisive. It’s available in four base colors: white, blue, pink and black, but twist the phone in the light and you’ll be treated to a variety of hues.. We had the white HTC U Play for review, and grew fond of the way it played with the light, but others we showed it to were less impressed with the finish.. What everyone can agree on though is a lack of grip. While we were able to firmly grasp the U Play with one hand, the brushed metal sides and smooth glass rear meant there was little for the palm to play with; if you’re accident-prone you’ll want to stick a cover on your U Play before venturing outdoors.. Back to the front and you’ll find a fingerprint scanner that doubles as the home button below the screen. Digit recognition is fast and accurate, and it’s flanked by touch-sensitive multi-tasking and back keys, which remain hidden until you wake the screen and their backlights trigger.. Turning our attention to the screen, the 5.2-inch Super LCD panel boasts a full HD (1080 x 1920) resolution, providing bright, colorful and detailed imagery.. There’s not a lot more to say on this subject – it’s a spec we’ve come to expect at this price point, and the U Play’s screen doesn’t disappoint.. Next Page What's it like to use?. You can unsubscribe at any time and we'll never share your details without your permission.. Get the best tech deals, reviews, product advice, competitions, unmissable tech news and more!. 1 Samsung Galaxy S9 release date, price, news and features. 2 Samsung Galaxy S9 launch: as it happened. 3 Samsung Galaxy S9 live stream: how to watch today's big launch event. 4 MWC 2018: All the latest news from the show. 5 How to watch Arsenal v Man City live stream online for the Carabao Cup final NOW. 2 Samsung Galaxy S9 Plus review. 3 Samsung Galaxy S9 release date, price, news and features. 4 Samsung Galaxy S9 launch: as it happened. 5 BlackBerry: 'we understand we are not for everyone' but 'we're here to stay'. TechRadar is part of Future plc, an international media group and leading digital publisher. England and Wales company registration number 2008885.. 
Email me special HTC and select partner offers, product information and newsletters.. To review our privacy policy, please Click Here .. We have received your information and will send you HTC updates soon.. WHAT CAN WE HELP YOU WITH?. HTC U Play dual sim. The playful 5.2” phone that fits perfectly in your hand. It reflects U , with a sophisticated new liquid surface. It listens to U , adapting sound to your unique hearing. It captures the best U with its Ultra Selfie cameras. And it even learns from U , becoming a companion that evolves and gets to know you better over time.. HTC U Play introduces a new, beautifully contoured, liquid surface that’s designed to reflect the best you. Hold it up and you’ll appreciate the phone’s symmetrical construction, and the way it transforms light as you turn it. To achieve this extraordinary look, we developed an entirely new process where colors bond to the glass in multiple layers to reflect light beautifully - adding brilliance and depth from every angle. Then we mould the glass evenly around the sides and edges, using extreme pressure and heat to mimic the natural surface tension of liquid; folding and bending the surface to create a perfect blend between metal and glass.. The personal companion who is always learning from you, and the things you do every day. It can suggest that you dress warmer and leave a little earlier for work if snow is forecast; remind you to take a power bank on longer trips; and even recommend a restaurant when you’re away for the weekend and then book seats for you 2. Best of all, it’s made to evolve and get to know you better over time. HTC U Play comes with voice recognition built-in. So it’s able to recognize your voice and respond even when your phone is locked. Just say the word to make a phone call, send messages to friends, set an alarm to wake you up every day or begin hands-free navigation.. 1 Feature available for download in early 2017 and may not be pre-installed on HTC U Play. Feature installation requires an internet connection and download and acceptance of an HTC system update.. 2 HTC Sense Companion retrieves information from third party websites and databases, HTC is not responsible for the accuracy of such third party content.. Every person’s inner ear is as unique as their fingerprint. HTC USonic* analyzes your inner ears with a sonic pulse, and then adapts to you. It’s like having a sound engineer in your phone; now you can hear the details you were missing.. * Inbox accessories may vary from country to country. Please check with an authorized retailer or operator for availability.. ** HTC USonic compatible with USB-C connection only.. HTC U Play has more features that add ‘wow’ to your photos and video. You get Optical Image Stabilization (OIS) for twice the shutter time with less blur. PDAF speeds up auto focus times so you don’t miss a moment. Plus Auto HDR makes taking difficult back-lit shots surprisingly easy.. Take brilliant selfies anyway you like. The new selfie camera on HTC U Play lets you easily switch between 16MP and UltraPixel™. Now you can choose between the unparalleled 4x light sensitivity* that UltraPixel offers (perfect for candlelit dinners), and the high resolution detail that 16MP provides.. * UltraPixel mode is four times more sensitive to light than standard mode.. Featuring HTC Sense Companion with Voice Recognition, HTC USonic and 3D curved glass, it’s built to reflect the best you.. Dimensions and Weight 1 Platform 2 Main Camera. f/2.0 aperture and 28 mm focal length (74.5° wide angle). Selfie timer up to 10 seconds. Pro mode with manual control and 12 bit RAW format support. Continuour shooting up to 4 fps. Full HD 1080p video recording (1920 x 1080). Video Pic (capture a 2-megapixel photo while recording Full HD 1080p video). f/2.0 aperture and 28 mm focal length (74.5° wide angle). Selfie timer up to 10 seconds. Pro mode with manual control and 12 bit RAW format support. Continuour shooting up to 4 fps. Full HD 1080p video recording (1920 x 1080). Video Pic (capture a 2-megapixel photo. while recording Full HD 1080p video). HTC Connect - 3 - finger swipe for easy wireless multimedia streaming. Reduce ringtone volume on pick up. 145.99 x 72.9 x 3.5 ~ 7.99 mm, 145 g. 145.99 x 72.9 x 3.5 ~ 7.99 mm, 145 g. Pixel density at 428 ppi (pixel per inch). Corning ® Gorilla ® Glass. Dual 4G LTE SIM slot 5. Setup mobile data connection without swapping SIM cards in existing SIM slots. f/2.0 aperture and 26.5 mm focal length (77.9° wide angle). Auto selfie (smile selfie, still selfie). Selfie timer up to 10 seconds. Full HD 1080p video recording (1920 x 1080). Video Pic (captures 2 megapixel photo while recording Full HD 1080p video). f/2.0 aperture and 26.5 mm focal length (77.9° wide angle). Auto selfie (smile selfie, still selfie). Selfie timer up to 10 seconds. Full HD 1080p video recording (1920 x 1080). 2 megapixel photo while recording Full HD 1080p video). Talk time on 3G network: up to 15.21 hours. Standby time on 3G network: up to 427.54 hours. Playback: .3gp, .mp4, .m4a, .aac, .ts, .flac, .mp3, .mid, .ogg,. Playback: .3gp, .mp4, .ts, webm, .mkv. Available storage for users: about 51.5 GB. Extended memory: microSD™ up to 2TB. Available storage for users: about 51.5 GB. Extended memory: microSD™ up to 2TB. Both SIM 1 and SIM 2. FDD: Bands 1, 3, 5, 7, 8, 20, 28. Support Cat 6 LTE, download up to 300 Mbps, upload up to 50 Mbps. 802.11 a/b/g/n/ac (2.4 & 5 GHz). MediaTek ® Helio™P10, Octa-core, 64-bit. Suggestions based on things you do. Thickness of device is measured at the edge of device. Thickness may be different at different parts of device.. All units of measurement may vary slightly according to manufacturing tolerance.. Platform may be different after software update.. The 2 nd SIM slot is a hybrid slot, it can be either used for SIM Card or SD Card.. Available storage is less due to phone software. Available storage is subject to change based on phone software updates and apps usage.. Extended memory limited to available microSD card size.. Network bands in regions may be different, depending on the mobile operator and your location. 4G LTE only available in select countries. Upload and download speeds also depend on the mobile operator.. Test conditions: The battery claims herein may vary based on cellular network, location, signal strength, feature configurations, phone usage, and many other factors. All batteries have limited recharge cycles and eventually need to be replaced. Battery life and charge cycles vary by use and settings. Battery tests are conducted in HTC laboratories using specific HTC devices. All test devices are connected to a 4G network except for Wi-Fi-based tests. HD video playback is conducted with 720P HD MP4 video on a device with audio through a headset, with default screen brightness and audio level (without Dolby). Audio playback is conducted with an MP3 audio file with audio output through a headset with default audio level (without Dolby). Internet use over Wi-Fi tests are conducted using a dedicated web server. Device browsed snapshot versions of 10 popular web pages. All settings are set to default except Auto-Brightness is turned off.. is an industry standard that is only intended to allow comparison of different mobile devices under the same circumstances. Power consumption in a standby state is strongly dependent on factors including but not limited to network, settings, location, movement, signal strength and cell traffic. Comparisons of different mobile devices using such a specification can therefore only be done in a controlled laboratory environment. When using any mobile device in real life circumstances for which the mobile device is intended, the standby time could be considerably lower and will be strongly dependent on the factors as mentioned above.. Note: Specifications may be different after software update and are subject to change without prior notice.. Australia Österreich Bangladesh Brazil Canada - English Canada - Français Česká republika 中国 Danmark Deutschland España Suomi France Hong Kong 香港 Hrvatska India Indonesia Ireland Italia 日本 Казахстан América Latina Malaysia Magyarország Middle East الشرق الأوسط Myanmar Nederland New Zealand Norge Pakistan Россия и СНГ Polska România Schweiz Singapore Sri Lanka Sverige 台灣 ประเทศไทย Türkiye Україна United Kingdom United States Việt Nam Saudi Arabia. Australia Österreich Bangladesh Brazil Canada - English Canada - Français Česká republika 中国 Danmark Deutschland España Suomi France Hong Kong 香港 Hrvatska India Indonesia Ireland Italia 日本 Казахстан América Latina Malaysia Magyarország Middle East الشرق الأوسط Myanmar Nederland New Zealand Norge Pakistan Россия и СНГ Polska România Schweiz Singapore Sri Lanka Sverige 台灣 ประเทศไทย Türkiye Україна United Kingdom United States Việt Nam Saudi Arabia. Australia Österreich Bangladesh Brazil Canada - English Canada - Français Česká republika 中国 Danmark Deutschland España Suomi France Hong Kong 香港 Hrvatska India Indonesia Ireland Italia 日本 Казахстан América Latina Malaysia Magyarország Middle East الشرق الأوسط Myanmar Nederland New Zealand Norge Pakistan Россия и СНГ Polska România Schweiz Singapore Sri Lanka Sverige 台灣 ประเทศไทย Türkiye Україна United Kingdom United States Việt Nam Saudi Arabia. Australia Österreich Bangladesh Brazil Canada - English Canada - Français Česká republika 中国 Danmark Deutschland España Suomi France Hong Kong 香港 Hrvatska India Indonesia Ireland Italia 日本 Казахстан América Latina Malaysia Magyarország Middle East الشرق الأوسط Myanmar Nederland New Zealand Norge Pakistan Россия и СНГ Polska România Schweiz Singapore Sri Lanka Sverige 台灣 ประเทศไทย Türkiye Україна United Kingdom United States Việt Nam Saudi Arabia. Terms of use Privacy policy Recycling. Smartphones RE Camera Nexus Tablet Buy Now Newsroom Company Overview Corporate Responsibility Investor. HTC Accessories Partners HTC Blog HTC Dev HTC Vive. Innovations Ultrapixel camera HTC Transfer Power to Give HTC Connect Privacy Policy Terms of Use Code of Conduct Copyright Product Security Fraud Warning Learn More. Support Center Warranty Policy HTC Advantage Working at HTC. Smartphones RE Camera Nexus Tablet Buy Now Innovations Ultrapixel camera HTC Transfer Power to Give HTC Connect Support Center Warranty Policy HTC Advantage Newsroom Company Overview Corporate Responsibility Investor HTC Accessories Partners HTC Blog HTC Dev HTC Vive Privacy Policy Terms of Use Code of Conduct Copyright Product Security Fraud Warning Learn More Working at HTC. Terms of use Privacy policy Recycling. 
Press enter or click on the search icon. No headphone jack (or included adapter). What is the HTC U Play?. The HTC U Play is part of a HTC’s new 2017 family of phones, and it offers something different from a company that in recent years has become a bit too fond of rehashing old ideas.. A sibling to the HTC U Ultra , the Play is the smaller, more conventional of the two – but at £399, it isn’t cheap. That a mid-range phone can cost this much provides some indication of how expensive some 2017 phones will be.. However, as striking and premium-feeling as the device is, the HTC U Play has a few too many issues to make it a must-buy. Be sure to check out the Samsung Galaxy A5 too. The overall design of the handset is one of the HTC U Play’s key appeals. Like the Samsung S7 family, it’s made of metal and glass, but has a smoother, more rounded shape. HTC calls it “liquid surface” design.. There’s some justification for this: the curvy glass back distorts reflections in quite a liquid-like fashion. The off-white version I’m using also has a pinkish, almost pearlescent tint to it, making it much funkier-looking than the average white phone.. The HTC U Play is also available in pink, black and blue.. Those who have suffered damaged phone screens in the past may not like the idea of a device that has even more glass, but the HTC U Play does at least use Gorilla Glass 5. In tests it survived a fall onto a hard surface from a pretty lofty 1.6m 80% of the time, where Gorilla Glass 4 is only intended to handle 1m falls.. So the HTC U Play looks great and feels great, too, in keeping with the price. It also has a decent 32GB storage, a microSD slot and includes an excellent fingerprint scanner under the screen. The latter is reliable, using an immovable pad rather than a button as is the case on the Galaxy A5.. The picture isn’t all rosy, though. The HTC U Play doesn’t have a headphone jack, only a USB Type-C port. Right now, there are fewer USB Type-C earphones than even iPhone Lightning port units, with the first big-name release the JBL Reflect Aware C.. HTC includes a reasonable set of earphones, with fun bass – but otherwise, sound quality isn’t all that impressive, and there’s no 3.5mm adapter. Even if you buy one, it still won’t be possible to charge your phone while listening to music.. If the trend for 2017 phones is to follow this same route then we may see a huge influx of USB Type-C headphones soon, but the HTC U series alone won’t speed this up.. I get the sense that HTC considers it a forward-looking move, but when the phone is a fairly normal 8mm thick, it makes a hollow statement; one of the arguments for eliminating the headphone jack is that allows manufacturers to make their handsets slimmer. Another might be to improve water resistance, but the HTC U Play doesn’t arrive making any water-proofing claims.. Get news, competitions and special offers direct to your inbox. By submitting your information, you agree to the Terms & Conditions and Privacy & Cookies Policy .. Please keep me up to date with special offers and news from Trusted Reviews and other brands within the Time Inc. You can unsubscribe at any time.. We'd also like to send you special offers and news just by email from other carefully selected companies we think you might like. Your personal details will not be shared with those companies - we send the emails and you can unsubscribe at any time. Please tick here if you are happy to receive these messages.. Terms & Conditions and Privacy & Cookies Policy. The HTC U Play has a 1080p Super LCD screen that looks very similar to an IPS LCD panel. You can get higher-resolution displays at 5.2 inches – the Samsung Galaxy S7 is the most obvious example.. The HTC U Play’s screen has a light texture of diagonal lines across it, visible when you get close. It’s one of those niggles you’ll notice only when looking for problems; otherwise, the HTC U Play’s screen is a match for the price. It’s sharp, bright and colourful – there are no major issues here.. In darker rooms blacks aren’t quite as deep as those of the OLED Galaxy S7, but it’s only in such settings that you’ll notice any obvious limits to the contrast.. Real screen purists will note that, like most higher-end phones, the colours are slightly punchier than the sRGB standard – and you can’t change that. However, you can give the screen a warmer or cooler skew using a temperature slider in the Settings menu.. As you can see from our photos, the HTC U Play doesn’t have the funky second screen of the U Ultra. Trusted Reviews is part of Time Inc. (UK) Ltd Fashion & Beauty Network. 
Home Shop MWC News Reviews Features Opinions Videos The Gadgets 360 Show Cell Guru Prime Tech Smartphone Reviews Tech and Gadget Reviews How-To Videos Video Game Reviews and Features Top Lists by Gadgets 360 Unboxing and Hands-On Videos Podcasts Compare Mobiles Phone Finder DEALS. Mobiles Tablets Apps Gaming Cameras PC/Laptops AUDIO/VIDEO How To Telecom Science INDIA INTERNET SOCIAL MEDIA WEARABLES हिंदी. Acer Adcom Alcatel Apple Archos Asus BlackBerry Blu Celkon Coolpad Datawind Fly Gionee HTC Huawei iBall iBerry Idea InFocus Intex iVoomi Jivi Karbonn Lava LeEco Lenovo LG Lyf Maxx Mobile Meizu Micromax Microsoft Motorola MTS Nokia Obi Oppo Panasonic Philips Ringing Bells Samsung Sony Spice Swipe Videocon Vivo Wickedleak Xiaomi Xolo Yu Zen Ziox Zopo ZTE. Home Mobiles Phone Finder HTC U Play. SPECIFICATIONS USER REVIEWS NEWS. Share on Facebook Tweet Share Share Email Reddit. HTC U Play smartphone was launched in January 2017. The phone comes with a 5.20-inch touchscreen display with a resolution of 1080 pixels by 1920 pixels. HTC U Play price in India starts from Rs. The HTC U Play is powered by 1.95GHz octa-core MediaTek Helio P10 processor and it comes with 4GB of RAM. The phone packs 64GB of internal storage that can be expanded up to 2000GB via a microSD card. As far as the cameras are concerned, the HTC U Play packs a 16-megapixel primary camera on the rear and a 16-megapixel front shooter for selfies. The HTC U Play runs Android 6.0 and is powered by a 2500mAh non removable battery. It measures 145.99 x 72.90 x 7.99 (height x width x thickness) and weigh 145.00 grams. The HTC U Play is a dual SIM (GSM and GSM) smartphone that accepts Nano-SIM and Nano-SIM. Connectivity options include Wi-Fi, GPS, Bluetooth, NFC, USB OTG, 3G and 4G (with support for Band 40 used by some LTE networks in India). Sensors on the phone include Compass Magnetometer, Proximity sensor, Accelerometer, Ambient light sensor and Gyroscope.. REVIEW KEY SPECS NEWS Price in india. Design Display Software Performance Battery Life Camera Value for Money. Good Stunning looks Good set of cameras Sharp and vivid display Manageable size Bad Ships with Android Marshmallow Budget-level SoC Expensive. Read detailed HTC U Play review. HTC U Play Price Slashed in India, Now Available on Amazon at Rs. HTC U Ultra, U Play Launched in India: Price, Release Date, Specifications, and More. HTC U Ultra, HTC U Play Price Revealed. More HTC mobiles HTC mobiles price in India. HTC U Play Price in India U Play (Brilliant Black, 64GB) Rs. 29,990 U Play (Sapphire Blue, 64GB) Rs. Release date January 2017 Form factor Touchscreen Dimensions (mm) 145.99 x 72.90 x 7.99 Weight (g) 145.00 Battery capacity (mAh) 2500 Removable battery No Colours Sapphire Blue, Brilliant Blue, Cosmetic Pink, Ice White. Screen size (inches) 5.20 Touchscreen Yes Resolution 1080x1920 pixels. Processor 1.95GHz octa-core Processor make MediaTek Helio P10 RAM 4GB Internal storage 64GB Expandable storage Yes Expandable storage type microSD Expandable storage up to (GB) 2000. Rear camera 16-megapixel Rear Flash Yes Front camera 16-megapixel. Operating System Android 6.0 Skin HTC Sense. Wi-Fi Yes Wi-Fi standards supported 802.11 a/b/g/n/ac GPS Yes Bluetooth Yes, v 4.20 NFC Yes Infrared No USB OTG Yes Headphones No FM No Number of SIMs 2 SIM 1 SIM Type Nano-SIM GSM/CDMA GSM 3G Yes 4G/ LTE Yes Supports 4G in India (Band 40) Yes SIM 2 SIM Type Nano-SIM GSM/CDMA GSM 3G Yes 4G/ LTE Yes Supports 4G in India (Band 40) Yes. Compass/ Magnetometer Yes Proximity sensor Yes Accelerometer Yes Ambient light sensor Yes Gyroscope Yes Barometer No Temperature sensor No. Error or missing information? Please let us know. User ratings and reviews for HTC U Play. 0 Out of 5. 5 Star 4 Star 3 Star 2 Star 1 Star. HTC U Play Price Slashed in India, Now Available on Amazon at Rs. HTC U Ultra, U Play Launched in India: Price, Release Date, Specifications, and More. HTC U Ultra, HTC U Play Price Revealed. HTC U Ultra, U Play With Sense Companion Launched: Release Date and Specifications. HTC U11 EYEs HTC U11 Life HTC U11+ HTC U11 HTC One X10 HTC U Ultra HTC Desire 650 HTC 10 evo HTC Bolt HTC Desire 10 Pro HTC Desire 10 Lifestyle HTC One A9s HTC One M9+ Prime Camera Edition HTC Desire 628 Dual SIM HTC One M9 Prime Camera Edition HTC Desire 830 HTC One S9 HTC 10 HTC 10 Lifestyle HTC Desire 825 HTC Desire 630 HTC Desire 530 HTC Desire 626 Dual SIM HTC One E9 HTC One X9 HTC One M9s HTC Desire 828 Dual SIM HTC Desire 728G Dual SIM HTC One M9e. Samsung Galaxy J5 2017 vs. Htc U Play Htc U Play vs. Htc Desire 10 Pro Oneplus 5t vs. Htc Desire 10 Pro Htc U Play vs. Apple iPhone 6 Htc U Play vs. Htc One E9s Dual Sim Htc U Play vs. Sony Xperia Xa Htc U Play vs. Htc U Ultra Htc U Play vs. Apple iPhone 6s Htc U Play vs. Htc Desire 10 Pro Htc U Play vs. Nokia 7 Plus Is an Android One Phone With Dual Rear Cameras, Zeiss Optics Samsung Galaxy S9, Galaxy S9+ With Improved Cameras, AR Emoji Launched Samsung Galaxy S9, Galaxy S9+ Pre-Orders Now Open in India Nokia 8110 4G Is a 'Slider' Feature Phone With Google, Facebook Apps OnePlus 5, OnePlus 5T HD Content Streaming Issue Fixed, With a Catch Redmi Note 5 Sale, Galaxy S9 Price & Specs Leak, and More News This Week Samsung Galaxy S9 a Worthy Upgrade? A Look at What's New Vodafone to Offer 4.5GB Data Per Day for 28 Days at Rs. 799: Report Nokia 8 Sirocco With Dual Cameras, Stainless Steel Frame Launched at MWC Nokia 6 (2018) Android One Phone With Snapdragon 630 Launched at MWC 2018. Samsung phones price list Lyf phones price list Micromax phones price list Sony phones price list Htc phones price list Lenovo phones price list Intex phones price list Lava phones price list Apple phones price list Nokia phones price list Xolo phones price list Lg phones price list Vivo phones price list Oppo phones price list Gionee phones price list Motorola phones price list Blackberry phones price list Xiaomi phones price list. Sitemaps Archives Advertise About Us Feedback Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions Complaint Redressal Careers Contact Us RSS Ethics HTC U Play in Hindi. © Copyright Red Pixels Ventures Limited 2018. Subject Comments. 
Samsung Apple Nokia Sony LG HTC Motorola Huawei Microsoft Lenovo Xiaomi Google Acer Asus Oppo OnePlus Meizu BlackBerry Alcatel ZTE Toshiba Vodafone Energizer XOLO Lava Micromax BLU Gionee vivo LeEco Panasonic HP YU verykool Maxwest Plum. HTC U Ultra HTC Desire 10 Pro Huawei P10 Lite HTC U11 HTC 10 HTC U11 Life. 
more ... more .... more ... more .... MEMORY: 32 GB + MicroSD. Release date: Mar 1, 2017. View all photos (50). Click to read the full review. The HTC U Play is a stylish mid-range Android phone made to impress with design and functionality. Its front and back are made of single glass sheets, with a metal frame bringing the exterior together. Another key selling point is the built-in HTC Sense Companion - an AI assistant developed to provide tips, suggestions, and alerts proactively. That is paired with two always-on microphones, allowing the HTC U Play to respond to voice commands. One downside: there's no headphone jack on the U Play. Instead, it employs USB-C earphones that can adapt to the user's ear structure using ultrasonic technology.. HTC U Play Review HTC U Play manual HTC U Play benchmarks. OS: Android (7.0), HTC Sense UI. Dimensions: 5.75 x 2.87 x 0.31 inches (145.99 x 72.9 x 7.99 mm). Weight: 5.11 oz (145 g) the average is 5.6 oz (159 g). Materials: Main body: Glass; Accents: Aluminum. Features: Fingerprint (touch), Touch sensitive control keys. Display Physical size: 5.2 inches. Resolution: 1080 x 1920 pixels. Features: Scratch-resistant glass (Corning Gorilla Glass), Ambient light sensor, Proximity sensor. Pixel density - The pixel density of a display represents the number of pixels over an area of one inch. It’s measured in “pixels per inch”, or ppi. The higher the number, the more detailed and good-looking the display is.. Technology - There are two main screen technologies currently used in phones and tablets: LCD and AMOLED. The former usually features a light source and liquid crystals, while the latter is based on organic light-emitting diodes. Newer LCD variations like IPS-LCD and Super-LCD allow for very accurate color reproduction and very wide viewing angles, where no significant image quality loss is observed. Current AMOLED screens differ in such a way that they can exhibit much more saturated colors (sometimes too much) and incredibly high contrast levels, which is due to black color being completely black in AMOLED displays.. Screen-to-body ratio - Shows what part of the frontal area of a phone its screen occupies.. Hardware Features: Optical image stabilization, Autofocus (Phase detection, Laser), Back-illuminated sensor (BSI). Software Features: RAW image capture, Touch to focus, Face detection, Self-timer, Digital zoom, Geo tagging. Settings: Exposure compensation, ISO control, White balance presets, Shutter speed control. Shooting Modes: Burst mode, High Dynamic Range mode (HDR), Panorama, Effects. Features: Hyperlapse, Picture-taking during video recording, Video calling, Video sharing. Features: Wide Angle, Autofocus, High Dynamic Range mode (HDR). Aperture size - The aperture of a camera is the opening through which light travels before it reaches the camera sensor. The smaller the number is, the bigger this opening is, allowing for more light to pass.. Focal length (35mm equivalent) - The lower (shorter) the focal length number, the wider the shot will be. Conversely, longer focal length cameras produce narrower frames, which can be used for telephoto (zoomed-in) purposes.. Pixel size - The size of an individual pixel on a camera's sensor. Octa-core, 2000 MHz, ARM Cortex-A53, 64-bit. System chip - Most modern handsets use an advanced chip that includes many of the device’s hardware modules like the processor, Wi-Fi, Bluetooth and sometimes even the wireless radio. This field shows what particular system chip (or System-on-a-Chip) is used in the phone.. Processor - The processor is the main computing component of a phone and is a major factor when it comes to the overall speed of the device. Some more powerful smartphones use dual-core and quad-core processors designed to deliver greater performance.. Graphics processor - The graphics processor is important for the smooth operation of the system and especially in games and other applications that may involve complex graphics and animations.. System memory - System memory, or RAM memory is the type of memory that the device uses to temporarily store data from the OS or currently-running apps. The more RAM available to the device, the better the performance will be when multiple or heavier programs are running.. Built-in storage - Bigger storage capacity allows you to keep more content saved onto your device, such as more applications, photos or video. Games and video content typically take up the biggest amount of storage space.. Storage expansion - Some handsets allow you to expand their storage capacity by using a memory expansion card – most often microSD. Expansion memory is mostly suitable for media storage, such as photo, video or music content.. Talk time (3G): 15.21 hours the average is 19 h (1147 min). Stand-by time (3G): 17.8 days (428 hours) the average is 25 days (590 h). Stand-by time (4G): 17.8 days (428 hours) the average is 23 days (549 h). Capacity - The bigger, the better! However, battery capacity is not the only factor that has an effect on battery life. Those include the chipset in use, the software running on the device, as well as the consumer's unique usage pattern.. Multimedia Screen mirroring: DLNA, Wireless screen share. Filter by: Album, Artist, Genre, Playlists. Features: Album art cover, Background playback. Cellular GSM: 850, 900, 1800, 1900 MHz. UMTS: 850, 900, 1900, 2100 MHz. LTE (FDD): Bands 1, 3, 5, 7, 8, 20, 28. Data: LTE-A Cat 6 (300/50 Mbit/s), HSDPA+ (4G) 42.2 Mbit/s, HSUPA 5.76 Mbit/s. Other features: Voice dialing, Voice commands, Voice recording. 802.11 a, b, g, n, ac, dual-band. Features: Mass storage device, USB charging. Other: NFC, Tethering, Computer sync, OTA sync. Positioning - This field shows the positioning systems supported by the device. The most common types are GPS and A-GPS.. GPS - This is one of the most widespread global positioning technologies, developed and maintained by the U.S. It uses satellites in order to detect your location. A-GPS - A-GPS stands for Assisted GPS and is the industry standard for positioning and navigation. “Assisted” means that it can use local wireless networks, in addition to satellites, for quicker and more precise localization.. Availability Officially announced: 12 Jan 2017. Shopping information MSRP price: $ 440. To see the full specifications with in-depth details click here.. We list only the specs that are different than the main variant. System memory - System memory, or RAM memory is the type of memory that the device uses to temporarily store data from the OS or currently-running apps. The more RAM available to the device, the better the performance will be when multiple or heavier programs are running.. Built-in storage - Bigger storage capacity allows you to keep more content saved onto your device, such as more applications, photos or video. Games and video content typically take up the biggest amount of storage space.. Multiple SIM cards: 2 slots, Shared with microSD. Despite our efforts to provide full and correct HTC U Play specifications, there is always a possibility of making a mistake. If you see any wrong or incomplete data, please LET US KNOW .. If you are interested in using our specs commercially, check out our Phone specs database licensing page.. $299 Buy. $510 Buy. HTC posts revenue decline for April as its U phones failed to catch on. Official video recaps the four camera modes on the HTC U Ultra. HTC U Ultra vs HTC U Play: what are the differences, and what do they have in common?. HTC U Ultra or U Play - which one would you pick? (poll results). HTC looking for better sales for its U series. HTC U Play vs Honor 8 vs Samsung Galaxy A5: specs comparison. The Samsung Galaxy S9 and S9+ have game-changing cameras with variable aperture and 960fps slow-mo video recording. The Big Barcelona Camera Comparison: iPhone X vs Pixel 2 XL vs Note 8. Samsung Galaxy S9 and S9+ rumor review: Specs, design, features, price and release date. Sony presents Xperia XZ2 and XZ2 Compact: new design and Snapdragon 845. Galaxy S9 Exynos edition gets benchmarked against rivals!. Galaxy S9 first camera comparison vs iPhone X, V30, S8. Samsung Galaxy S9 & S9+ hands-on. MWC 2018: top smartphones to expect. Best smartphone you can buy in 2018. Allo is a quality app, but Google isn't giving it a real chance. All content (phone reviews, news, specs, info), design and layouts are Copyright 2001-2018 phoneArena.com. Reproduction in whole or in part or in any form or medium without written permission is prohibited! Privacy. 
Download our Official Android App: Forums for Android!. Discussion in ' Android Lounge ' started by covergirl , Dec 30, 2017 .. Happy New year to you all, as you see I have a HTC U Play, j altered some seting tonight by mistake, don' ask me how lol, anyway what's happening is, when I touch a app it gets a green box around if and I gave to tap it twice before I can use the app, I want to put it back to normal, I have it as if is now don't kow if it's a sucrity thingy or not, or can I do same as a pc put it back to an earlier date lol I'm not that good with phones as you can see, really hope someone can help me the in advance xx. To undo it we'll need to guess what you did. So just a few questions to narrow things down:. Is it just app icons that do this, or all screen touches? If just apps, is that only on the desktop, in the app drawer, or both?. Have you installed an app called a "launcher" or not? A launcher is an app which provides the desktops and app drawer, so if this is only happening with app icons it might be something to do with the launcher. In that case knowing which one you are using may help us (if you've not installed one then you have the default HTC launcher). Do you have a menu in your settings called "Developer Options"? By default you should not (you have to do a bit of messing about to enable it), but if you have there are some funny things in there and conceivably it's one of them. If this menu is enabled don't mess with stuff in there, just let us know whether it's there or not. Edit: I just had a play with my developer options, and none of them produced the effect you describe (a number produce strange visual effects, but none produced that effect). I have a different phone, but doubt those options are extremely different.. Last edited: Dec 30, 2017. Do you already have an account?. 
Esto también se puede leer en español.. HTC U Play wants to bring you AI for less (hands-on). The smaller of HTC's new U phones pairs software smarts with a more pocketable size and midrange price.. by January 12, 2017 12:31 AM PST. HTC U Ultra and Play shine on in glass. HTC U Ultra, U Play get into AI. Hardware specs 5.2-inch screen (1,920x1,080 pixels) 2-inch notifications screen (swipable) 16-megapixel front and rear cameras Octa-core MediaTek Helio P10 processor 32GB and 64GB options (3/4GB RAM) Up to 2T microSD card 2,500mAh battery Fingerprint sensor with NFC Dual-SIM optional Colors: Ice white, sapphire blue, cosmetic pink, brilliant black. The HTC U Play is the smaller than the new HTC U Ultra , but we wouldn't call it the runt. It's meant to be a more affordable version of HTC's new line of phones that use AI, or artificial intelligence, software to try giving you a more streamlined experience.. We didn't get enough time to set up the phone and see how well its AI works, but we do know that this glass phone -- which comes in shimmering white, pink, blue and black -- is the less expensive, more midrange alternative to the flagship U Ultra. For example, although its 16-megapixel camera sounds heftier than the U Ultra's 12-megapixel "Ultrapbixel" shooter, HTC says that the Ultra's camera will take the crisper photos of the two.. HTC U Ultra and Play shine on in glass. The U Play lacks the Ultra's 2-inch strip of screen to display alerts, but it does have the same AI software running on top of Android 7.0.. Preorders began in select markets on January 12 for £399, which converts to $494 and AU$655.. Visit manufacturer site for details.. Best Phones for 2018. See All. Samsung’s king of phones is excellent, but you'll pay a pretty penny for stylus privileges.. A radical redesign that's nearly all screen includes a new cutting-edge facial recognition.... LG just gave Samsung a run for the money.. But we're still waiting on the Siri-like AI.. The Pixel 2's superb camera makes it worth a look.. This week on CNET News. Homeland Security's tall order: A hacker-free election. 'Annihilation' director wove memory into a dream-like movie. Dogecoin: The joke cryptocurrency that was too real for its own good. Be respectful, keep it clean and stay on topic. We delete comments that violate our policy , which we encourage you to read. Discussion threads can be closed at any time at our discretion.. CNET may earn fees when you click through to a partner site.. 
The next video is starting stop. HTC U Ultra and U Play Hands On: New Phablet Flagship!. Want to watch this again later?. Sign in to add this video to a playlist.. Sign in to report inappropriate content.. Sign in to make your opinion count.. Sign in to make your opinion count.. The interactive transcript could not be loaded.. Rating is available when the video has been rented.. This feature is not available right now. Full HTC U Ultra details: https://goo.gl/An8wSu | Full HTC U Play details: https://goo.gl/ZmGA4W The HTC U Ultra and U Play focus on an enhanced camera experience, a new design, and enhanced AI capabilities to make the first flagship splash of 2017. Download the AndroidAuthority App: https://play.google.com/store/apps/de... Subscribe to our YouTube channel: http://www.youtube.com/subscription_c... ---------------------------------------------------- Stay connected to Android Authority: - http://www.androidauthority.com - http://google.com/+androidauthority - http://facebook.com/androidauthority/ - http://twitter.com/androidauth/ - http://instagram.com/androidauthority/ Follow the Team: Josh Vergara: https://plus.google.com/+JoshuaVergara Joe Hindy: https://plus.google.com/+JosephHindy Lanh Nguyen: https://plus.google.com/+LanhNguyenFilms Jayce Broda: https://plus.google.com/+JayceBroda Gary Sims: https://plus.google.com/+GarySims Kris Carlon: http://plus.google.com/+KrisCarlon Nirave Gondhia: http://plus.google.com/+NiraveG John Velasco: http://plus.google.com/+JohnVelasco Bailey Stein: http://plus.google.com/+BaileyStein1. When autoplay is enabled, a suggested video will automatically play next.. Average North Korean vs the Average South Korean - People Comparison. 7 Mystery Riddles Only the Smartest 5% Can Solve. HTC U Play Review | Camera, Design, Price, Verdict, and More. HTC U Play Review: Too much for too little?. HTC Ultra Durability Test - Scratch, burn, BEND test!. HTC U Ultra Sapphire Blue Unboxing, Impressions and Size Comparisons!. HTC U Ultra Review: Ultra Sized Phone With an Ultra Price. HTC U Ultra + U Play hands-on first look!. HTC U Ultra Sapphire Blue Unboxing and First Look India. HTC U Ultra Review: It's U, Not Me. LG G6 vs HTC U Ultra: Little room for debate. The Super Smartphone You've Never Heard Of.... HTC U Ultra: First 10 Things to Do!. Sign in to add this to Watch Later. 
Home Shop MWC News Reviews Features Opinions Videos The Gadgets 360 Show Cell Guru Prime Tech Smartphone Reviews Tech and Gadget Reviews How-To Videos Video Game Reviews and Features Top Lists by Gadgets 360 Unboxing and Hands-On Videos Podcasts Compare Mobiles Phone Finder DEALS. Mobiles Tablets Apps Gaming Cameras PC/Laptops AUDIO/VIDEO How To Telecom Science INDIA INTERNET SOCIAL MEDIA WEARABLES हिंदी. Home Mobiles Mobiles Reviews. 4 out of 5 stars. Roydon Cerejo , 06 April 2017. Share on Facebook Tweet Share Share Email Reddit Comment. The U Play features a MediaTek Helio P10 SoC and 4GB of RAM. All-round performance is good, especially that of the cameras. The HTC U Play is priced at Rs. HTC U Play design and build quality HTC U Play specifications and features HTC U Play performance Verdict. HTC’s U series marks a fresh start for the Taiwanese smartphone maker in 2017, with a new approach to design and aesthetics. The highlight here is the new ‘liquid surface’ treatment given to the chassis which, according to the company, mimics. The end result is actually quite stunning as we found out in our review of the HTC U Ultra .. Today, we’ll be testing the HTC U Play – a smaller and more affordable model in the U series. HTC has never been particularly aggressive with the pricing of its premium offerings, so when we say affordable, it’s relative to the price of the U Ultra. 39,990 is still a big ask, especially considering that you can get Samsung’s brilliant Galaxy S7. ( Review ) for just a bit more.. So, is the U Play more than just a pretty face? Let’s find out.. Personally, we’re not fans of smartphones with huge screens since the borders tend to stretch the overall dimensions way too much (maybe the Samsung Galaxy S8 will change this?). So with a 5.2-inch display, we were happy to use the U Play as our daily driver.. HTC has created another gem of the smartphone as far as design and aesthetics are concerned. It looks stunning from pretty much any angle but is also nightmare to keep clean. Even though one-handed use is physically possible, the slippery glass back makes gripping this phone a challenge. We got the Bright Black version for review but HTC India’s online store shows three more colour options: Sapphire Blue, Snow and White, and Make-up Powder Pink.. The 5.2-inch Super LCD display has Gorilla Glass protection and a full-HD resolution resulting in a pixel density of 428ppi. Brightness is excellent and so are the viewing angles. Colours have good saturation without looking too jarring. Colour temperature can be adjusted in the Settings app depending on your preference. While the display is sharp and vivid, we noticed a small degree of colour shift when tilting the phone vertically. There’s a notification LED above the screen and backlit Android navigation buttons flanking the home button, which has an integrated fingerprint sensor.. The U Play is fairly slim at 7.99mm and very light at just 145 grams. The metal sides offer good grip and we like how the glass blends seamlessly with the frame so you don’t feel any of the edges. We do feel the button placement could have better as the power and volume buttons are a bit higher than what we felt was a comfortable reach. There’s a USB Type-C port on the bottom, and a mono speaker grille. The hybrid SIM slot is placed on the top. This phone can accommodate a microSD card. of up to 2TB in capacity, at the cost of a second SIM. The rear camera creates a slight bump around the back but it’s not too obtrusive. Just like the U Ultra, this phone also lacks a 3.5mm headphone socket.. Overall, the U Play is much easier to manage than the U Ultra, while still maintaining most of its premium feel. In the retail box, you can expect a Type-C cable, a plastic case, a 10W power adapter, a SIM ejector tool, a microfibre cloth, and a USonic headset. Unfortunately, there’s no Type-C to 3.5mm. adaptor in the box so you’ll either have to buy your own, stick to the bundled headset, or go wireless.. The HTC U Play is powered by an octa-core MediaTek Helio P10 SoC, and has 4GB of RAM and 64GB of storage. MediaTek is not a name that we generally associate with flagship-level products, and this is not a flagship-level SoC, so it's a bit puzzling that HTC decided to use it. To put things into perspective, the Moto M , which costs around Rs. 16,000, uses a faster Helio P15 compared to what’s in the U Play. Still, this processor is competent enough for day-to-day activities. In benchmarks, it is roughly 10-15 percent slower than a Qualcomm equivalent like the Snapdragon 625. In AnTuTu, we got 50,252 points while GFXbench returned around 18fps. Other specifications include Bluetooth 4.2, dual-band Wi-Fi ac, NFC, USB-OTG, GPS, and GLONASS. You do get support for 4G with VoLTE, and a suite of sensors including a gyroscope and a magnetic sensor.. The U Play runs Android Marshmallow, which is another big question mark, considering that its bigger sibling is on Android Nougat. There’s also a stripped down version of HTC’s Sense UI which looks similar to what we saw on last year's. There isn’t much bloatware as HTC has done away with most of its own apps in favour or Google’s suite of apps, so for example the gallery is replaced by the Photos app while Play Music handles audio duties. You can access HTC's BlinkFeed news reader when you swipe right on the first homescreen, and there are a couple of preinstalled apps such as UnderArmor Record, Themes, and News Republic. HTC is banking on its new AI assistant called Sense Companion. to set the U series apart from competitors. When we first set up the U Play, there was. no indication of how to actually use this feature, and we weren't even sure it existed until we found the app.. Depending on what permissions you grant it like location, device, usage and activity data, it’s supposed to learn about your usage patterns and provide contextual information. Notifications show up in the form of bubbles on the homescreen, and the amount of time they stay. there depends on how critical they are.. At a briefing at CES 2017, HTC told us that Sense Companion will only show critical updates, unlike Google Now. which keeps throwing up cards as you move around. However, we didn’t get any real use out of Sense Companion during our review period. It did try to tell us what it can do once in a while - when gaming, we got one suggestion to use HTC's Boost+ app to free up resources, but there were never any location-based prompts. Perhaps one week isn’t enough time for it to learn enough to provide any useful suggestions. Sense Companion is only currently available on HTC's two U series phones, but we don’t see any reason why it shouldn’t come to older HTC models as a software update.. The lean software coupled with a good amount of RAM result in smooth system performance. The U Play handles multitasking pretty well and we never really felt that it was lacking enough power for common work and social apps. Games also ran pretty smoothly although the graphics settings for certain heavier games were dialled down a bit.. The upper rear of the phone heats up when charging or using the camera, but for general use, it isn't much of a problem. Call quality is good and the earpiece's volume level was fine even when we were in noisy places. The fingerprint sensor also works very well and is quick at authentication.. Media playback is not too bad, as the phone has no trouble with full-HD video files. All our high-bitrate ones played just fine. The phone cannot handle 4K videos mainly due to the limitations of its processor. The loudspeaker is okay for alerts but doesn’t provide the best experience for media files. The U Play ships with the Type-C USonic headset, which you can read about in detail in the performance section of our. Both cameras provide good all-round performance although we wish we had more video modes to play with like slow-motion. The 16-megapixel rear camera features PDAF and Optical Image Stabilisation (OIS) with an f/2.0 aperture that captures very good detail even when the light isn’t too favourable. In some of our test shots taken at dusk, distant text on objects was clearly visible. The Auto HDR feature helps bring out details in backlit scenes. The wide aperture also allows for good depth-of-field effects in close-up shots. Other shooting modes include Zoe camera, which shoots a still and three seconds of video; panorama; and a pro mode. Details are lacking in low-light landscapes but close-ups fare better.. Tap to see full-sized HTC U Play camera samples. The quality of recorded video is good, but sadly. there’s no option for 4K recording. The U Play gets a 16-megapixel, fixed-focus front camera with the same aperture as the rear one. Selfies came out looking very good, and you can capture a group of people with the selfie panorama mode. Video recording tops out at 1080p for the front camera as well, and you get features like a screen flash, timer, and smile-. HTC has fitted the U Play with a pretty modest 2500mAh battery, but we still managed to get a decent runtime of 8 hours and 44 minutes in our HD video loop test. With regular use, we managed to make it through an entire day without a charge, which is not bad. The phone does support fast charging using the bundled 10W adapter. You also get HTC’s extreme power saving mode which gives you only basic calling and messaging functionality while shutting down most background connectivity features and processes.. The HTC U Play is a neat little device with striking looks and smooth all-round performance. It has a good display, the cameras are very capable, and battery life is not too shabby for such a small body. The phone will be going on sale in the second week of April, according to HTC. We weren't able to get any definitive timeline for the rollout of an Android Nougat update, but it should be in the works.. The real kickers, though, are the price of this phone and the budget-class processor that HTC has used. 39,990, this phone is simply way too expensive to recommend. You can get a proper flagship like the Samsung Galaxy S7 for only a little bit more, or look at other options such as the Moto Z. For the latest smartphone launches by Samsung, Nokia, Sony, Asus, and other MWC 2018 announcements, visit our MWC hub .. Design Display Software Performance Battery Life Camera Value for Money. Good Stunning looks Good set of cameras Sharp and vivid display Manageable size Bad Ships with Android Marshmallow Budget-level SoC Expensive. Read detailed HTC U Play review. HTC U Play Price Slashed in India, Now Available on Amazon at Rs. HTC U Ultra, U Play Launched in India: Price, Release Date, Specifications, and More. HTC U Ultra, HTC U Play Price Revealed. More HTC mobiles HTC mobiles price in India. Further reading: HTC , HTC U Play , HTC U Play performance , HTC U Play price , HTC U Play price in India , HTC U Play review. Roydon Cerejo Email Roydon More. An armchair fitness freak, loves everything tech. Recovering compulsive hoarder of PC components.. WhatsApp Privacy Policy Case Referred to Constitution Bench by Supreme Court. UK and Swedish Watchdogs Warn of International Cyber-Attack. Samsung Galaxy S9 और Galaxy S9+ स्मार्टफोन लॉन्च. Nokia 1 एंड्रॉयड गो स्मार्टफोन हुआ लॉन्च. LG V30S ThinQ के साथ MWC 2018 में एलजी ने दी दस्तक. Samsung Galaxy S9, Galaxy S9+ Launched: What's New?. Why Game of Thrones Creators Writing Star Wars Might Be a Bad, Bad Idea. Design by User Feedback? The Customer Isn't Always Right. PS4 Is a Best-Seller but Here Are 4 Reasons It's Far From Perfect. Canon EOS 1500D, EOS 3000D Entry-Level DSLRs Launched in India BSNL Partners Nokia for Rollout of 4G VoLTE Services Sony Unveils Xperia Ear Duo to Answer Apple AirPods, Samsung Gear IconX Sony Xperia XZ2, Xperia XZ2 Compact With 18:9 Displays Launched at MWC Mi MIX 2S With Snapdragon 845 Confirmed by Xiaomi; Launching on March 27 Huawei Launches Windows Laptop and Android Tablet at MWC 2018 Samsung Galaxy S9, Galaxy S9+ Pre-Orders Now Open in India ZTE Tempo Go Is Its First Smartphone That Runs Android Oreo (Go Edition) Samsung's Foldable Smartphone Isn't a Gimmick, Claims CEO Huawei P20 Flagship Smartphone Launch Set for March 27. Nokia 7 Plus Is an Android One Phone With Dual Rear Cameras, Zeiss Optics Samsung Galaxy S9, Galaxy S9+ Pre-Orders Now Open in India Samsung Galaxy S9, Galaxy S9+ With Improved Cameras, AR Emoji Launched Nokia 8110 4G Is a 'Slider' Feature Phone With Google, Facebook Apps OnePlus 5, OnePlus 5T HD Content Streaming Issue Fixed, With a Catch Vodafone to Offer 4.5GB Data Per Day for 28 Days at Rs. 799: Report Nokia 7 Plus vs Nokia 7 Samsung Galaxy S9 a Worthy Upgrade? A Look at What's New Nokia 8 Sirocco With Dual Cameras, Stainless Steel Frame Launched at MWC Nokia 6 (2018) Android One Phone With Snapdragon 630 Launched at MWC 2018. Sitemaps Archives Advertise About Us Feedback Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions Complaint Redressal Careers Contact Us RSS Ethics Gadgets Hindi. © Copyright Red Pixels Ventures Limited 2018. Fields marked with * are mandatory. 
The next video is starting stop. Want to watch this again later?. Sign in to add this video to a playlist.. Sign in to report inappropriate content.. Sign in to make your opinion count.. Sign in to make your opinion count.. Rating is available when the video has been rented.. This feature is not available right now. HTC U Play z pewnością jest atrakcyjnym urządzeniem - przyciąga wzrok, ma niezłe bebechy, szybki i precyzyjny skaner linii papilarnych, dopracowany interfejs i na co dzień okazał się niezawodnym narzędziem pracy. Ale wyceniono go na niemal 2000 złotych, co sprawia, że będzie musiał zmierzyć się z naprawdę silną konkurencją, jak choćby modelem Samusung Galaxy A5 2017, Honorem 8, Moto Z Play, czy Xperią X Compact od Sony. I niestety może polec, zwłaszcza, że oferuje nienajnowszy chipset i nienajnowsze oprogramowanie, ma mało pojemną baterię i brakuje mu gniazda słuchawkowego. Co nie zmienia faktu, że może znaleźć wielu nabywców, bowiem w pierwszej kolejności pojawi się w ofertach operatorskich (zareklamuje go jakiś celebryta, będzie oferowany za złotówkę, marketing robi swoje), a dopiero potem spróbuje swoich sił na wolnym rynku, który faktycznie zweryfikuje jego wartość. Więcej informacji znajdziecie na stronie http://www.mgsm.pl/pl/testy/. When autoplay is enabled, a suggested video will automatically play next.. Recenzja HTC U Play - test Tabletowo.pl. HTC U Play Test - Prezentacja. MWC18: Nokia pokazuje nowe telefony, w tym kultowego banana. Huawei P10 Lite vs HTC U Play. HTC U Ultra i U Play Prezentacja | Robert Nawrowski. HTC U Play Unboxing And First Impressions | Intellect Digest. MWC18: LG prezentuje model LG V30S+ Thinq wyposażony w... HTC U Play Teardown Repair Guide - Fixez.com. MWC18: Samsung pokazał dwa flagowce - modele Samsung Galaxy S9 i Samsung Galaxy S9 Plus. HTC U Play Review: Too much for too little?. MWC18: Nowe smartfony Alcatela: Alcatel 5, Alcatel 3, 3V i 3X oraz Alcatel 1X i 1C.. HTC U Play Full Review: Worth it?. HTC U Play Take Apart Repair Guide - RepairsUniverse. HTC U Play Full Review, The Absolute Best Built Mid-Ranger?. HTC U Ultra - recenzja, Mobzilla odc. LG Q6 - recenzja, Mobzilla odc. HTC U Play unboxing video - Oh my... HTC U Play - Unboxing a špecifikácie. Sign in to add this to Watch Later. 
Our new search experience requires JavaScript to be enabled. Please enable JavaScript on your browser , then try again .. All Categories Antiques Art Baby Books Business & Industrial Cameras & Photo Cell Phones & Accessories Clothing, Shoes & Accessories Coins & Paper Money Collectibles Computers/Tablets & Networking Consumer Electronics Crafts Dolls & Bears DVDs & Movies eBay Motors Entertainment Memorabilia Gift Cards & Coupons Health & Beauty Home & Garden Jewelry & Watches Music Musical Instruments & Gear Pet Supplies Pottery & Glass Real Estate Specialty Services Sporting Goods Sports Mem, Cards & Fan Shop Stamps Tickets & Experiences Toys & Hobbies Travel Video Games & Consoles Everything Else. Hi ( Sign in to bid or buy) Daily Deals Gift Cards Help & Contact Sell. Summary Recently Viewed Bids/Offers Watch List Purchase History Selling Saved Searches Saved Sellers Messages. Refine your search for htc u play. All Listings - Current page. Quickly compare offers in our new grouped view. results for htc u play. Save htc u play to get e-mail alerts and updates on your eBay Feed.. Unfollow htc u play to stop getting updates on your eBay Feed.. You'll receive email and Feed alerts when new items arrive. Afghanistan - AFG Albania - ALB Algeria - DZA American Samoa - ASM Andorra - AND Angola - AGO Anguilla - AIA Antigua and Barbuda - ATG Argentina - ARG Armenia - ARM Aruba - ABW Australia - AUS Austria - AUT Azerbaijan Republic - AZE Bahamas - BHS Bahrain - BHR Bangladesh - BGD Barbados - BRB Belarus - BLR Belgium - BEL Belize - BLZ Benin - BEN Bermuda - BMU Bhutan - BTN Bolivia - BOL Bosnia and Herzegovina - BIH Botswana - BWA Brazil - BRA British Virgin Islands - VGB Brunei Darussalam - BRN Bulgaria - BGR Burkina Faso - BFA Burma - MMR Burundi - BDI Cambodia - KHM Cameroon - CMR Canada - CAN Cape Verde Islands - CPV Cayman Islands - CYM Central African Republic - CAF Chad - TCD Chile - CHL China - CHN Colombia - COL Comoros - COM Congo, Democratic Republic of the - COD Congo, Republic of the - COG Cook Islands - COK Costa Rica - CRI Cote d Ivoire (Ivory Coast) - CIV Croatia, Republic of - HRV Cyprus - CYP Czech Republic - CZE Denmark - DNK Djibouti - DJI Dominica - DMA Dominican Republic - DOM Ecuador - ECU Egypt - EGY El Salvador - SLV Equatorial Guinea - GNQ Eritrea - ERI Estonia - EST Ethiopia - ETH Falkland Islands (Islas Malvinas) - FLK Fiji - FJI Finland - FIN France - FRA French Guiana - GUF French Polynesia - PYF Gabon Republic - GAB Gambia - GMB Georgia - GEO Germany - DEU Ghana - GHA Gibraltar - GIB Greece - GRC Greenland - GRL Grenada - GRD Guadeloupe - GLP Guam - GUM Guatemala - GTM Guernsey - GGY Guinea - GIN Guinea-Bissau - GNB Guyana - GUY Haiti - HTI Honduras - HND Hong Kong - HKG Hungary - HUN Iceland - ISL India - IND Indonesia - IDN Ireland - IRL Israel - ISR Italy - ITA Jamaica - JAM Japan - JPN Jersey - JEY Jordan - JOR Kazakhstan - KAZ Kenya - KEN Kiribati - KIR Korea, South - KOR Kuwait - KWT Kyrgyzstan - KGZ Laos - LAO Latvia - LVA Lebanon - LBN Liechtenstein - LIE Lithuania - LTU Luxembourg - LUX Macau - MAC Macedonia - MKD Madagascar - MDG Malawi - MWI Malaysia - MYS Maldives - MDV Mali - MLI Malta - MLT Marshall Islands - MHL Martinique - MTQ Mauritania - MRT Mauritius - MUS Mayotte - MYT Mexico - MEX Micronesia - FSM Moldova - MDA Monaco - MCO Mongolia - MNG Montenegro - MNE Montserrat - MSR Morocco - MAR Mozambique - MOZ Namibia - NAM Nauru - NRU Nepal - NPL Netherlands - NLD Netherlands Antilles - ANT New Caledonia - NCL New Zealand - NZL Nicaragua - NIC Niger - NER Nigeria - NGA Niue - NIU Norway - NOR Oman - OMN Pakistan - PAK Palau - PLW Panama - PAN Papua New Guinea - PNG Paraguay - PRY Peru - PER Philippines - PHL Poland - POL Portugal - PRT Puerto Rico - PRI Qatar - QAT Reunion - REU Romania - ROU Russian Federation - RUS Rwanda - RWA Saint Helena - SHN Saint Kitts-Nevis - KNA Saint Lucia - LCA Saint Pierre and Miquelon - SPM Saint Vincent and the Grenadines - VCT San Marino - SMR Saudi Arabia - SAU Senegal - SEN Serbia - SRB Seychelles - SYC Sierra Leone - SLE Singapore - SGP Slovakia - SVK Slovenia - SVN Solomon Islands - SLB Somalia - SOM South Africa - ZAF Spain - ESP Sri Lanka - LKA Suriname - SUR Swaziland - SWZ Sweden - SWE Switzerland - CHE Taiwan - TWN Tajikistan - TJK Tanzania - TZA Thailand - THA Togo - TGO Tonga - TON Trinidad and Tobago - TTO Tunisia - TUN Turkey - TUR Turkmenistan - TKM Turks and Caicos Islands - TCA Tuvalu - TUV Uganda - UGA Ukraine - UKR United Arab Emirates - ARE United Kingdom - UK United States - USA Uruguay - URU Uzbekistan - UZB Vanuatu - VUT Vatican City State - VAT Venezuela - VEN Vietnam - VNM Virgin Islands (U.S) - VIR Wallis and Futuna - WLF Western Sahara - ESH Western Samoa - WSM Yemen - YEM Zambia - ZMB Zimbabwe - ZWE. For HTC U Play Ultra Magnetic Flip Genuine Leather Wallet Stand Case Cover Cards. HTC U Play Black 64GB Dual Sim (FACTORY UNLOCKED) 5.2" HD SMARTPHONE BRAND NEW. HTC U Play Dual-Sim (Unlocked) 64GB 4G LTE 5.2in 16MP FHD USonic Fast Charge. For HTC U Play Slim Thin Hybrid Hard Case Clip On Back Cover & Screen Protector. 5.2For HTC U Play Case For HTC U Play Cell Phone Back Cover Case. For HTC One M7 E9 Plus X9 U Play 728 Mirror Back Cover Metal Aluminum Frame Case. Shockproof Clear Back Silicone Soft TPU Case Cover For HTC M10 U11 Play Ultra. Luxury Silicone Carbon fiber TPU Case Cover For HTC U Ultra/U Play/Desire 10 Pro. For HTC 10/Desire 10 Pro/U U11 Life Clear Shockproof 360° Slim TPU Cover Case. BNIB HTC U PLAY 32GB BRILLIANT BLACK SINGLE SIM FACTORY UNLOCKED 4G/LTE GSM. 3Pcs 9H Tempered Glass Skin Screen Protector Protective Film Guard For HTC. For HTC U11/U Ultra/U Play Flip Magnetic PU Leather Case Wallet Card Stand Cover. BNIB HTC U PLAY 32GB SAPPHIRE BLUE SINGLE SIM FACTORY UNLOCKED 4G/LTE GSM. TPU SILICONE COVER FOR HTC U PLAY SOFT CASE SILICON BUMPER MOBILE PHONE. BNIB HTC U PLAY 32GB ICE WHITE SINGLE SIM FACTORY UNLOCKED ANDROID 4G/LTE GSM. IMAK Matte Hard Case Cover with Stand For HTC U Play/ U11/ Plus/ Eyes+Free Film. For HTC U11/UPlus /U11 Life 360° Shockproof Silicone Transparent Cover Case Skin. HTC U Play 16MP 64GB Blue 5.2" 4GB Ram Android Unlocked Phone By FedEx. 2 new & refurbished from $239.99. Soft Silicone TPU Case Thin Clear Back Cover Case For HTC 10 One M7 M8 M9 E8 E9. Slim Metal Aluminum Brushed Hard Back Case Cover For HTC M10 U Play U11 X9u. HTC U Play - 32GB - Cosmetic Pink Smartphone. 2Pcs 9H+ Premium Tempered Glass Screen Protector For HTC U / U ultra / U Play. HOT Imak Matte Stand back Cover Skin Case For HTC Desire10 Pro/ U Play / U Ultra. DHL Ship - New Unlocked HTC HTC U Play (4G/64GB) 5.2" Dual-SIM LTE Phone - Black. NILLKIN For HTC Super Frosted Shield Fitted Case Cover Skin+ HD Screen Protector. HTC U Play Case PU Leather Stand Flip Wallet Card Cover Phone Case + Stylus Pen. DHL Ship - New Unlocked HTC HTC U Play (4G/64GB) 5.2" Dual-SIM LTE Phone - White. For HTC U Play Anti-scratch Tempered New Glass Film Full Cover Screen Protector. For HTC One A9S Desire 10 Pro 650 Leather Slot Wallet Stand Flip Cover Skin Case. For HTC U Ultra play u11 A9 A9S X10 Tempered Glass Screen Protector Film Guard. Silicone Transparent Ultra Thin Soft TPU Case Cover For HTC U11 Plus Life/U Play. HTC U Play Dual Sim (FACTORY UNLOCKED) 5.2" HD 64GB - Black White Blue Pink. New HTC U Play 64GB 16MP 4GB RAM Dual sim. Brand New HTC U Play 64GB 4G Dual Sim Factory Unlocked - Pink. Brand New HTC U Play 64GB 4G Dual Sim Factory Unlocked - White. HTC U Play 5.2inch Dual 4GB + 64GB White Unlocked Wty. HTC U Play - 64GB - 4G LTE FACTORY UNLOCKED 5.2" 16MP Dual SIM Smartphone USA. For HTC Crocodile Pattern Slim PU Leather Skin Case Hard Shockproof Back Cover. HTC U Play 64Gb 4Gb White GSM Factory Unlocked Smartphone NEW. HTC U Play 64GB Dual Sim Pink Factory Unlocked GSM Android Smartphone NEW. New Premium Ultra Thin Screen Protector Tempered Glass Protection For HTC Series. HTC U Play 64GB+4GB RAM Dual Sim (FACTORY UNLOCKED) Octa-Core - Pick a Color US. Ytaland 2X Premium Tempered Glass Screen Protector For HTC U / U ultra / U Play. Nillkin For HTC U Play 9H Super Anti-Explosion Tempered Glass Screen Protector. Protective Cover for HTC U Play 5.2 "/ HTC Alpine Phone Briefcase Flip Case. Premium Real Screen Protector 9H Tempered Glass Protective Film For HTC U Play. Sline Phone Cases For HTC U11 U Ultra U Play Soft TPU Covers Back Case One X10. Soft Pudding TPU Gel Silicone Protector Cover cellphone Case skin For HTC. For HTC U Play Alpine 5.2" Hard Case Cover Colors Ladybug Deer Rose Butterfly. HTC U Ultra U Play Case Marble I Shape Print Wallet Leather Cover Case For HTC. UK STOCK, TRUSTED SELLER, FAST DISPATCH. ✤ FREE GIFTS ✤ Worldwide Shipping ✤ Real USA Seller ✤. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. eBay determines this price through a machine learned model of the product's sale prices within the last 90 days.. eBay determines trending price through a machine learned model of the product’s sale prices within the last 90 days. "New" refers to a brand-new, unused, unopened, undamaged item, and "Used" refers to an item that has been used previously.. Top Rated Plus Sellers with highest buyer ratings Returns, money back Ships in a business day with tracking Learn More. Top Rated Plus Sellers with highest buyer ratings Returns, money back Ships in a business day with tracking Learn More. Cell Phones, Smart Watches & Accessories. Cell Phone Cases, Covers & Skins. $ Enter minimum price to $ Enter maximum price. Please enter a minimum and/or maximum price before continuing.. Site Map Copyright © 1995-2018 eBay Inc. Accessibility , User Agreement , Privacy , Cookies and AdChoice Norton Secured - powered by Verisign. Amounts shown in italicized text are for items listed in currency other than U.S. dollars and are approximate conversions to U.S. dollars based upon Bloomberg's conversion rates. For more recent exchange rates, please use the Universal Currency Converter. Number of bids and bid amounts may be slightly out of date. See each listing for international shipping options and costs.. 
The source for Tech Buying Advice. More Car Tech. Tech deals, prizes and latest news. A playful smartphone with an identity crisis. Interface and reliability Android 6 isn’t the latest version HTC’s Sense overlay is easy to use Five gestures available for quick access to features Movies, music and gaming Poor internal speaker quality Good screen for movies and gaming No headphone jack or adapter in box Specs and performance Octa-core processor and 3GB of RAM gives plenty of power Not flagship performance, some slow loads. The HTC U Play arrives running Android 6.0 Marshmallow , and as of November 2017 that's still the software it's running. That’s rather frustrating, considering Android 7.0 Nougat launched back in October 2016 and even Android Oreo has now launched.. It’s all the more annoying if you glance over to the HTC U Ultra , which launched at the same time as the U Play, and see that it comes with Android 7 out of the box. An all-round bizarre situation then, and it makes the U Play seem like a second-class citizen on its home turf.. While you may not have the latest software, what you do find on-screen is pleasing. HTC’s Sense interface overlays the Android operating system, providing a relatively clean and fuss-free experience.. HTC retains the app drawer on the U Play, a feature other manufacturers have started to remove, but has added its Blinkfeed Highlights panel – accessible with a swipe from left to right on your home screen.. It pulls what it thinks are important updates from key apps such as Facebook, Twitter, LinkedIn, Google+ and your calendar, and presents them in a series of cards. I found the U Play wasn’t particularly great at pulling in the things I really cared about, though, so I removed it completely.. The HTC U Play does come with a selection of gestures, accessible from the settings menu. These include things like double-tapping the screen to wake, and swiping down twice on the display when it’s off to launch the camera.. We found double-tap to wake useful, but we didn’t have any pressing need for the other options on offer.. Overall the HTC U Play has a familiar Android interface that's easy to navigate, ensuring that anyone transitioning from another Android handset won’t have any issues getting to grips with their new phone.. We’ve already talked about the USense earbuds that come bundled with the HTC U Play, but the phone arrives light on multimedia applications.. That does make it much easier to decide which app to use though, as you’ve got just one choice: HTC has opted to use Google’s suite of apps, which include Play Music and Play Movies & TV.. The former gives you standard music playback for any tracks you download onto the U Play, but Google also offers its own subscription streaming service through the app, if you’d rather have instant access to millions of songs without actually owning any.. You can always install third-party alternatives such as Spotify or Tidal if you’re already allied with those services, though, so you’re not totally tied to Google’s way of playing music.. Audio quality via the wired, USB-C-connected bundled earbuds is very good, with rich bass and resonating mid-tones providing a pleasing listening experience.. However it’s not all good news. The lack of a headphone jack will irk some audiophiles, and the fact that HTC doesn’t even provide a 3.5mm adaptor in the box further frustrates.. Indeed, the 3.5mm adaptor sold by HTC will only work with HTC devices (and vice versa), further limiting options available.. Audio quality from the internal speaker also disappoints, especially as this has generally been an area where HTC has excelled in the past. Playback is tinny and distorted, making for uncomfortable listening.. The poor speaker performance carries over to video playback and gaming, and you’ll want to plug in the USense earbuds or invest in a set of Bluetooth headphones to improve your experience on the U Play.. It is comfortable to hold though, with the curved, smooth rear providing a pleasing surface for your palms, while the lightweight design means you won’t have your wrists aching 20 minutes into a blockbuster film.. The 5.2-inch Full HD display provides a crisp, clear and bright viewing experience for both movies and games, although quality isn’t as pin-sharp as you’ll find on the larger, QHD U Ultra.. The HTC U Play comes with an octa-core MediaTek Helio P10 chipset and 3GB of RAM under the hood, giving it plenty of power to perform even the most strenuous of mobile tasks.. Generally the U Play runs smoothly, but there were the odd times where the phone would freeze and re-boot (this happened three times during our 10-day review period), or apps would take a little longer than expected to load.. The freezing issue should be something HTC can iron out with a software update, but it's a little annoying when it does happen.. High-profile games load in good time, and we were able to easily play Boom Beach, Clash Royale and Pokemon Go without issue on the HTC U Play.. Running the Geekbench 4 app on the U Play produced an average multi-core score of 2,821, placing it comfortably below the flagship phones currently available and reiterating the phone’s mid-range status.. That number is significantly lower than the 5,207 clocked by the Honor 8 and the 4,313 by the OnePlus 3T , but it’s on par with the 2,600 scored by the Moto Z Play. The HTC U Play certainly doesn’t put in a bad performance, and it’s still a highly usable phone, but you can get more power for your money.. Prev Page Introduction, features and design. Next Page Battery life and camera. You can unsubscribe at any time and we'll never share your details without your permission.. Get the best tech deals, reviews, product advice, competitions, unmissable tech news and more!. 1 Samsung Galaxy S9 release date, price, news and features. 2 Samsung Galaxy S9 launch: as it happened. 3 Samsung Galaxy S9 live stream: how to watch today's big launch event. 4 MWC 2018: All the latest news from the show. 5 How to watch Arsenal v Man City live stream online for the Carabao Cup final NOW. 2 Samsung Galaxy S9 Plus review. 3 Samsung Galaxy S9 release date, price, news and features. 4 Samsung Galaxy S9 launch: as it happened. 5 BlackBerry: 'we understand we are not for everyone' but 'we're here to stay'. TechRadar is part of Future plc, an international media group and leading digital publisher. England and Wales company registration number 2008885.. 
Samsung Galaxy S9 OnePlus 5T Huawei Mate 10 Google Pixel 2 OnePlus 5. LG K10 (2018) Samsung Galaxy S9 Elephone S8 HTC U11 Eyes Honor 9 Lite. Samsung Galaxy S9 OnePlus 5T Huawei Mate 10 Google Pixel 2 OnePlus 5. Buy and sell gently used phones. HTC U Play ROMs, Kernels, Recoveries, & Other Development. HTC U Play Official ROM by dranzer006. HTC U Play ROMs, Kernels, Recoveries, & Other Development HTC U Play Real Life Review HTC U Play Questions & Answers HTC U Play Guides, News, & Discussion HTC U Play Themes, Apps, and Mods. The XDA App is the fastest way to access the forums on mobile.. One-Handed Mode replicates the useful iOS "Reachability" feature without root.. Labs is an independent app store that gives developers full control over their work.. The ultimate, most complete theming solution for Android.. The best way to get cutting edge news about your device!. Xiaomi Redmi Note 5 and Redmi Note 5 Pro Forums Are Now Open for Posting. Unofficial LineageOS 15.1 brings Android 8.1 Oreo Go Edition to First Generation Android One Devices. Take Control of your Phone’s Rotation with “Rotation” Orientation Manager. Customize Samsung Experience 9.0 and Android Oreo on the Samsung Galaxy S8/S8+ with this Xposed Module. MX Player is Recruiting Users for a New Private Beta Testing Program. Dreaming Battery is a Minimalist Screensaver for Displaying your Battery Level. Having troubles with your Ad Blocker? This app adds a Quick Settings tile for easy Ad Block toggling. Guest Quick Reply (no urls or BBcode). The following errors occurred with your submission. By dranzer006 , Senior Member on 2nd August 2017, 08:22 PM. Download your image from the link. Copy the file to sd card (you can't use internal storage). use vol down + power to boot into recovery. If you want to flash from PC use this Tool from HTC flash zone. The Following 2 Users Say Thank You to dranzer006 For This Useful Post: [ View ]. Black OPS Acid (18th October 2017) , nhatnguyen95 (8th August 2017). Honor 8 Pro and Honor 9 Now Officially Receiving the Android Oreo Update >. Vote for the Next Honor AI Camera Recognition Scene >. Honor 9 Lite and Huawei P Smart Kernel Sources have been released >. Join Date: Joined: Aug 2017. Is it possible to use the Single Sim Europe ROM on a Taiwan Dual Sim phone?. Join Date: Joined: Jan 2012. My Devices: HTC U Play. No as Single SIM EU Model is UHL where as Taiwan is DUGL. Is it possible to use the Single Sim Europe ROM on a Taiwan Dual Sim phone?. Join Date: Joined: Apr 2017. My Devices: Sony Xperia Z Ultra , Sony Xperia Z5 Premium , HTC U Play. If any one of htc y plays users have telegram create a group and share telegram group link. Join Date: Joined: Apr 2016. My Devices: HTC Desire , Xiaomi Mi 2 , Asus ZenFone 2 , Xiaomi Redmi Note 4. May I ask where did you find those files?. Join Date: Joined: Apr 2017. My Devices: Sony Xperia Z Ultra , Sony Xperia Z5 Premium , HTC U Play. Join Date: Joined: Jan 2015. My Devices: HTC One X , HTC One (M8) , HTC One (M9). Can anyone get me a /system partition dump, pls?. Fx file explorer should do that even without the root (it might not pull each and every file tho, but pretty much). Join Date: Joined: Apr 2017. My Devices: Sony Xperia Z Ultra , Sony Xperia Z5 Premium , HTC U Play. For what u want system partition ???. Can anyone get me a /system partition dump, pls?. Fx file explorer should do that even without the root (it might not pull each and every file tho, but pretty much). Join Date: Joined: Jan 2015. My Devices: HTC One X , HTC One (M8) , HTC One (M9). Originally Posted by Black OPS Acid. For what u want system partition ???. Join Date: Joined: Nov 2013. it is no branding room ? if i install i dont lose guaranty ?. Join Date: Joined: Feb 2018. Wifi and Bluetooth buttons greyed out. My HTC U Play WiFi and Bluetooth buttons in the settings menu greyed out and they remain disabled even after I've performed multiple "Network settings reset" and "Factory data reset". I've also tried flashing it with the 2PZMIMG_ALPINE_UHL_M60_SENSE80GP_HTC_Europe_1.13.4 01.2 rom using the "Copy the file to sd card and then. use vol down + power to boot into recovery" method but getting the RU_CID_FAIL cid in android-info mismatch error. I'm hoping that it is not a hardware issue and like to re-flash it with an original / pre-updated (pre 1.25.710.6) rom to rule it out. Is there a stock rom for Australian HTC U Play?. The phone info using the HTC_Flash_Tool... Posting Quick Reply - Please Wait. Top Threads in HTC U Play ROMs, Kernels, Recoveries, & Other Development by ThreadRank. [APP][5.0+] Rootless Pixel 2 Launcher with Google Now page working. [APP][4.4.2+] ROLO -Contact Manager That Works Like a Personal CRM. [FLASHABLE] Pixel 2 Bootanimation For All Devices. [PORT] [8.0+] Dolby Atmos™ for Oreo 20180220 [Standard/Unity]. Doogee S60 All in One Thread (Firmware, Recovery, ROOT, Xposed). Star Wars Wallpapers from the OnePlus 5T Star Wars Edition (Download). [ROM] [ 8.1.0 ] Official madOS - Vernee Apollo Lite & X [MT6797]. HTC U Play ROMs, Kernels, Recoveries, & Other Development. HTC U Play Official ROM by dranzer006. ---- XDA 2013 Beta - 1024. XDA Developers was founded by developers, for developers. It is now a valuable resource for people who want to make the most of their mobile devices, from customizing the look and feel to adding new functionality. Are you a developer? | Terms of Service. 
Find the Best Cell Phone and Plan for You. PhoneDog's innovative comparison tool can help you save on cell phones and plans. Find the best phone and plan for you today with PhoneDog!. Compare Phones and Plans Compare Cell Phones. Trending: iPhone 8. f g+ t yt. black white pink blue. is a 4G LTE smartphone with a 5.2-inch S-LCD display, 1080x1920 resolution and 428ppi index. From within, a 2GHz Octa-Core MediaTek Helio P10 processor operates with 3GB of RAM and the Mali-T860 MP2 GPU. an option between 32/64GB with a microSD card slot for up to 256GB memory expansion. couple of 16MP cameras in front and in the back. The back camera is also able to record videos with 1080p. Upon release, the phone runs on the latest Android 7.0 Nougat OS. It also includes a fingerprint reader, NFC, and dual SIM card slots. The 2,500 mAh battery included on the device is non-removable and can last up to 17. The HTC U Play is available in Black, Blue, White, and Pink color options.. See Available Plans or get it unlocked here. Apple iPad mini with Retina Display. Apple iPad mini with Retina display 16GB Silver. DROID RAZR MAXX HD by Motorola. Motorola RAZR V3 Dolce & Gabbana. Plans Unlocked Specs Media Reviews Deals. Expert Review User reviews. Moto Z Play Was: $499.99 Now: $399.99.. Moto Z2 Play Was: $499.99 Now: $399.99.. Limited Time Offer on U Brands Contempo Magnetic Monthly Calendar Dry Erase Board, 11 x 14 Inches, White Frame.. Limited Time Offer on Matching - Take 'N' Play Anywhere Game.. Limited Time Offer on Fisher-Price Laugh and Learn Kick and Play Piano, Multi color.. Limited Time Offer on ASUS Chromebook Flip C101PA-DB02 10.1inch Rockchip RK3399 Quad-Core Processor 2.0GHz, 4GB Memory, 16GB, All Metal Body,Lightweight, USB Type-C, Google Play Store Ready to run Android apps, Touchscreen.. Limited Time Offer on Pacific Play Tents Funchute 6 Foot Kids Parachute with Handles.. Limited Time Offer on ECR4Kids Natural Hardwood Curved Play Tunnel and Arch Blocks (10-Piece).. Limited Time Offer on SteelSeries Stratus XL, Bluetooth Wireless Gaming Controller for Windows + Android, Samsung Gear VR, HTC Vive, and Oculus.. Limited Time Offer on ECR4Kids SoftZone Climb and Crawl Play Set (5-Piece).. Alcatel Pixi Unite Samsung Galaxy J3 Emerge LG Aristo Samsung Galaxy J2 Prime. Looks like there are no reviews yet, be the first to write one now.. Sort by Oldest Latest Negative Positive. OFFICIAL SMARTPHONE RANKINGS Please Login/Register to Vote. Select the amount of total data you need for the entire plan.. For example, if you need 2 lines with 1 GB of data each, you would select 2 GB of data with the data slider below.. - Any - 0 5KB 50MB 30MB 100MB 125MB 150MB 200MB 250MB 300MB 334MB 350MB 375MB 400MB 500MB 600MB 625MB 700MB 800MB 834MB 900MB 938MB 1GB 1.2GB 1.5GB 1.6GB 2GB 2.03GB 2.5GB 3GB 3.7GB 4GB 5GB 6GB 6.1GB 7GB 7.3GB 8GB 8.5GB 9GB 10GB 11GB 12GB 13GB 14GB 15GB 16GB 18GB 20GB 22GB 23GB 24GB 25GB 30GB 32GB 35GB 40GB 50GB 60GB 80GB 85GB 100GB 120GB 150GB 200GB Unlimited. BLU Vivo X Review: BLU's Most Appealing Smartphone Yet!. 4 days 14 hours ago. Android 8.0 Oreo on the OnePlus 5T. 5 days 11 hours ago. 1 week 10 hours ago. The OnePlus 5T Competitor You Haven't Heard About. 1 week 3 days ago. People's Choice Expert's Choice. OFFICIAL SMARTPHONE RANKINGS Please Login/Register to Vote. OFFICIAL SMARTPHONE RANKINGS Please Login/Register to Vote. OFFICIAL SMARTPHONE RANKINGS Please Login/Register to Vote. OFFICIAL SMARTPHONE RANKINGS Please Login/Register to Vote. OFFICIAL SMARTPHONE RANKINGS Please Login/Register to Vote. PHONEDOG PHONEDOG MEDIA FAMILY Phonedog - Cell Phone News TmoNews - The Unofficial T-Mobile Blog AndroidAndMe - Everything Android. PhoneDog Media is home to PhoneDog, Android & Me, TmoNews, and TodaysiPhone. The network receives 2.5 million unique visitors and 10 million pageviews each month, along with a combined three million video views on YouTube.. While the name is jovial, the PhoneDog Media network offers up a wealth of written and video content to help readers make important decisions about mobile technology.. Established in 2001, PhoneDog Media is a privately owned and operated company.. Company Home Privacy Policy Term of Use Contact About Us In-Depth Reviews. Reproduction without explicit permission is prohibited. 
Samsung Galaxy S9 OnePlus 5T Huawei Mate 10 Google Pixel 2 OnePlus 5. LG K10 (2018) Samsung Galaxy S9 Elephone S8 HTC U11 Eyes Honor 9 Lite. Samsung Galaxy S9 OnePlus 5T Huawei Mate 10 Google Pixel 2 OnePlus 5. Buy and sell gently used phones. The HTC U Play was announced in January 2017 as a 5.2 inch phone with a 1080x1920p resolution. The Mediatek MT6755 Helio P10 chipset has an Octa-core (4x2.0 GHz Cortex-A53 & 4x1.1 GHz Cortex-A53) CPU and a Mali-T860MP2 GPU. The back facing camera has a 16MP sensor and the selfie cam is also 16MP. The battery has a capacity of 2500 mAh.. The XDA App is the fastest way to access the forums on mobile.. One-Handed Mode replicates the useful iOS "Reachability" feature without root.. Labs is an independent app store that gives developers full control over their work.. The ultimate, most complete theming solution for Android.. The best way to get cutting edge news about your device!. HTC U Play Real Life Review. HTC U Play Questions & Answers. HTC U Play Guides, News, & Discussion. HTC U Play ROMs, Kernels, Recoveries, & Other Development. HTC U Play Themes, Apps, and Mods. Rom List : HTC U Play. HTC U Play Real Life Review HTC U Play Questions & Answers HTC U Play Guides, News, & Discussion HTC U Play ROMs, Kernels, Recoveries, & Other Development HTC U Play Themes, Apps, and Mods HTC U Play Accessories. HTC U Play Real Life Review. More HTC U Play Real Life Review Threads. HTC U Play Questions & Answers. The battery runs out and gets warm. xprit HTC Sense stock apps on HTC U play issues. Someone can share some system folder ?. HTC U Play can't sync Google accounts and find localization. More HTC U Play Questions & Answers Threads. HTC U Play Guides, News, & Discussion. More HTC U Play Guides, News, & Discussion Threads. HTC U Play ROMs, Kernels, Recoveries, & Other Development. HTC U PLAY Official ROM Europe_1.30.401.6. More HTC U Play ROMs, Kernels, Recoveries, & Other Development Threads. HTC U Play Themes, Apps, and Mods. ---- XDA 2013 Beta - 1024. XDA Developers was founded by developers, for developers. It is now a valuable resource for people who want to make the most of their mobile devices, from customizing the look and feel to adding new functionality. Are you a developer? | Terms of Service. 
HTC's new phone uses a glass design with no headphone jack. SHOULD I BUY HTC U PLAY?. HTC's new phones for 2017 have a focus on AI and come with a new glass design. Take a look at the smaller and cheaper model in our HTC U Play hands-on review. New mid-range phone has a curved glass design. 5.2in Full HD LCD screen (1920x1080). Price comparison from over 24,000 stores worldwide View more prices. HTC U Play review: Price and release date. HTC U Play review: Design and build. HTC U Play review: Specs and features. HTC U Play review: Software and HTC Sense Companion. HTC's first smartphones of 2017 introduce a new U range to the firm's portfolio where it's 'all about U'. The U Ultra has an interesting dual screen setup but here we look at the smaller model with more basic specs. Here's our HTC U Play hands-on review.. Also see: Best phones 2017 .. Also see: How to watch HTC U live stream. our hands-on HTC U11 review .. The new U phones will get release date around 'mid-February' in Europe, according to HTC but they will be available in Asia first.. As per usual, there are no details on price but you can pre-register at Carphone Warehouse if you're interested. We expect the HTC U Play price to be around the £350-400 mark based on devices like the One A9 .. In essence, the U Play is a smaller version of the U Ultra so has the same glossy glass design which is a break from the norm for HTC.. The polished glass back is far more glamorous than previous HTC devices with ostentatious colours such as Cosmetic Pink and Ice White which has a pearlescent finish containing many colours. We prefer the Sapphire Blue and Brilliant Black options, the latter of which has an underlying green hue.. The sculpted glass means the phone sits snugly in the hand and the U Play is a far more manageable size compared to the slightly unwieldy Ultra. Glass may scratch less than metal but we found both phones slippery and susceptible to fingerprints and smudges.. HTC still uses a metal frame but you'll find no headphone jack drilled into it here. Instead, the U Play just offers a USB-C port and the firm doesn't include an adapter in the box. You do get a pair of USonic headphones though which use the reversible port.. While the U Ultra has an impressive dual screen setup, the U Play has a much more standard array of smartphone specs starting with a 5.2in Full HD display. There's nothing wrong with that as such and the device is much more manageable to use, but the U Ultra is more interesting in this area.. Instead of a Qualcomm chip, as found in the Ultra, the U Play is powered by a MediaTek Helio P10 octa-core processor. We could spot no obvious issues during out hands-on time but the Play has lower specs with 3GB of memory and 32GB of internal storage. It also has a Micro-SD card slot for adding more, up to 2TB.. The spec sheet also mentions a 4GB model with 64GB of storage which matches the U Ultra, but where this variant will be available remains to be seen.. Like its bigger brother, the HTC U Play does away with the headphone jack and the firm doesn't even supply you with an adapter. This leaves just the USB-C port and a pair of compatible USonic headphones instead. It's a bit disappointing that that U Play only has a mono speaker with HTC's history of offering stereo on phones.. Other specs include a fingerprint scanner, 11ac Wi-Fi, Bluetooth 4.2, NFC and a 2500mAh non-removable battery.. The U Play has the same front facing camera as the new Ultra, a 16Mp shooter which can be switched into an UltraPixel mode. This means you can shoot high-resolution photos in good light but then combine four pixels into one when the conditions aren't so good.. At the rear is also a 16Mp camera which features an f/2.0 aperture, optical image stabilization (OIS), phase detection auto-focus and a dual-tone flash. Despite the high resolution sensor, the phone is limited to recording video at 1080p quality.. The cameras seem pretty good at first glance but we'll test them out properly soon when we get a review sample.. There's no difference between the Play and Ultra in this area so you'll get Android 7.0 Nougat pre-installed on the handset.. The big selling point of the U phones is the HTC Sense Companion, the firm's take on an AI assistant although not a rival to the likes of Google Assistant and Amazon Alexa .. Using dual microphones (four on the Ultra), you can use the Sense Companion to unlock the phone with your voice. The AI is also there to help you out with a bunch of stuff but doesn't talk back to you.. The idea is that it learns from your personal usage and then makes helpful suggestions and notifications. For example, it will notify you of a change in the weather or remind you to charge the phone if it's going to run out when you really need it.. It will link into the Phone, Contacts and Notifications to start with using your calendar to gain useful information. HTC said it will also aim to bring the Sense Companion to the HTC 10 .. While all this stuff sounds great, we haven't been able to test any of it during a hands-on time. It's the kind of thing that needs properly setting up then living with for a decent chunk of time so stay tuned for the full review.. 5.2in Full HD LCD screen (1920x1080). 16Mp rear camera with phase-detection auto focus, OIS and dual-tone flash. 16Mp front camera with UltraPixel mode. 5.2in Full HD LCD screen (1920x1080). 16Mp rear camera with phase-detection auto focus, OIS and dual-tone flash. 16Mp front camera with UltraPixel mode. We're still waiting on the price and to test the AI features out properly, but the new HTC U Play might appeal to some. Its glass design is eye-catching and the phone is a far more manageable size than the U Ultra. Look out for a full review soon.. Price comparison from over 24,000 stores worldwide View more prices. I saw this on Tech Advisor and thought you should see it too.. The art of 'British' pulp fiction. TV & streaming : comment regarder le Tournoi des Six Nations 2018 ?. UK Tech Weekly Podcast: Soundcloud / iTunes. 
Inject life into your cloud-hosted applications: 5 best practices to boost end-user experience. Feel as though the performance of your cloud-hosted applications has become lacklustre? Here are five best practices that can help you boost end-user experiences, simplify performance management, and reduce the cost of your AWS environment.. Your questions answered: How to protect your data in the cloud. The number of successful cyberattacks per year per company has increased by 46% over the last four years. But what really needs to be considered when exploring a solution? What questions need to be asked? Download to find out.... Search by title or subject area. At £399 it's hard to recommend HTC's glossy mid-ranger. Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus.. It's hard to figure out who HTC was aiming this phone at – it's a decent. mid-ranger, but there's better out there for the same price or less. It's not bad by any means, but like HTC's terrible puns, it's probably not going to delight U.. Stylish looks, good selfie cam, bright HD display. Slipperier than a buttered fish, uses USB-C for headphones, rubbish battery. HTC LAUNCHED two phones at the beginning of the year: HTC the U Ultra and. The Ultra is the higher-end of the two, while the HTC. U Play is a solid mid-range phone that seems intended to be a good-looking all-rounder without reaching flagship price tags.. Still, £399 isn't small change, so is it worth the money?. Design Ooh, this is a slippery fish. The back panel of the HTC U Play has been given a ‘liquid surface,' a new process that gives the glass a multi-layered, super-reflective finish. It looks lovely, no doubt about that, and our black review unit has a pleasingly petrol-esque blue sheen (much like Samsung's old Sapphire Black) - but as well as being the world's most reflective phone, it's also a) disgustingly fingerprinty and b) impossible to keep hold of.. Like the similarly-slippy OnePlus X , the HTC U Play comes with a free clear case which feels like an admission of defeat. If you've designed something so impractical that it literally won't stay on a smooth table (the U Play has thrown itself on the floor several times today alone) without a case, you've done something wrong.. All of that said, it does look and feel like a beautiful, premium device. All four colours (blue-black, a pearlescent white, opal-ish pink and HTC's current favourite, electric blue) look good, and the black edition reminds us a fair bit of the Samsung Galaxy A5 (2017) , which is better than looking like an iPhone (remember the One A9? Apple does).. The aluminium sides of the phone merge nicely into the super-glossy front, which has no branding but more noticeable black bezels than we'd like (mind you, everything looks bezel-y since the S8 ). There's no HTC branding on this side, just a recessed oval fingerprint sensor below the screen and capacitive Back and Apps buttons that light up when in use. The fingerprint scanner isn't a button, just a fixed pad, but it does unlock speedily, and offers haptic feedback in the process.. It's overall a lighter and smaller phone than many of its competitors, meaning it's that bit more portable and really easy to use with one hand, even if you've got tiny hands like me.. Taking a quick tour around the sides of the phone, you'll find the combined SIM and microSD tray on the right of the top edge, the volume rocker and textured power key on the right, and a single speaker and USB-C charging port on the bottom edge. There's nothing at all on the left edge, which means - you guessed it. Indeed, HTC has done an Apple (again) and done away with the standard 3.5mm jack, because screw tradition and screw you. You get a set of USB-C earphones with the U Play, and they're perfectly good, but unlike Apple, HTC has opted not to include a dongle to convert your existing headphones to fit the phone. So you'll have to buy one, use the free earphones, or use Bluetooth. Which you're pretty much stuck doing anyway if you'd like to charge the phone and listen to music at the same time. Clearly, HTC's design vision is more important than your convenience.. (A more generous reading is that HTC assumed Apple ditching the headphone jack meant everyone would follow suit and wanted to get in early. Fortunately, that hasn't happened, and 3.5mm headphones are definitely still a thing. Sound from the solo speaker on the bottom is fine. It's directional, gets noisy at higher volumes and it definitely doesn't meet the standards of the front-facing BoomSounds on other HTC handsets, but it's fine. This is good because you might have to use it if you can't find your special earphones.. Hardware, storage and performance Performance on the HTC. U Play is fine for a mid-range phone, but the problem with that is that a lot of mid-range phones now perform like flagships (see the identically-priced OnePlus 3T , for instance). That makes the occasional issues we've had with slowness on this phone a bit disappointing.. You get 3GB of RAM, which is about right for the price, and it's good to see 32GB of storage rather than cheaping out with 16GB. They could probably have got away with it, too, given that the phone offers microSD expansion "up to 2TB" (no, 2TB microSD cards don't exist, but when they theoretically do, the phone can theoretically support them).. The phone's multi-core CPU benchmark score came out at 2894 in Geekbench 4, which puts the U Play in between the OnePlus 2 and the Nexus 6P. For reference, the HTC 10 is at 3389.. Performance is fine, then - but is fine enough to make you spend your £399 on this model?. Huawei MateBook X Pro hands-on review. iPhone X price, deals and news: 'Sluggish' iPhone X sales leave Samsung scrambling for OLED buyers. Galaxy S9 release date, price and specs: EE, O2, Three, Vodafone and more start taking pre-orders. Apple rolls out iOS 11.2.6 to fix Telugu 'text bomb' bug. BBC micro:bit beats Apple's iPhone 6S at maths. Phishing attack swipes credentials from more than 50,000 Snapchat users. © Incisive Business Media (IP) Limited, Published by Incisive Business Media Limited, New London House, 172 Drury Lane, London WC2B 5QR, registered in England and Wales with company registration numbers 09177174 & 09178013. Digital publisher of the year 2010, 2013, 2016 & 2017. 
Menu Login Sign Up. Find the Best Cell Phone and Plan for You. Wirefly helps you save on cell phones and plans by offering innovative comparison tools so consumers can make educated choices. Compare Phones and Plans Compare Cell Phones. How Much Data Do I Need. Wirefly helps you save on Internet service by offering innovative comparison tools to compare Internet providers in your area.. Compare Internet by ZIP Code Compare Internet & TV Bundles Compare Business Internet. Test your current internet connection with our speed test and see what services your provider can handle. Find out your download speed, upload speed, latency, and more.. Test Your Internet Speed Internet Speed Test. Compare Cell Phones > HTC. Purchase with a plan or or. black white pink blue. Motorola RAZR V3 Dolce & Gabbana. DROID RAZR MAXX HD by Motorola. Android 7.0 Nougat out of its box. It comes with a 5.2-inch S-LCD display, 1080x1920 resolution, and 428ppi index. It is equipped with a 2GHz Octa-Core MediaTek Helio P10 processor, 3GB of RAM, and the Mali-T860 MP2. There is an onboard storage of either 32 or 64 GB plus a microSD card slot for up to 256GB memory expansion. For photos, the device has a 16MP rear-facing camera with 1080p HD video recording and another 16MP camera in front. mAh Li-Ion battery has the ability to last up to 15 hours of talk time and 17. It comes with NFC, a fingerprint scanner and dual SIM card trays. Color options are Brilliant Black, Ice White, Sapphire Blue, and Cosmetic Pink.. Looks like there are no reviews yet, be the first to write one now.. Sort by Oldest Latest Negative Positive. Plans Unlocked Specs Media Reviews Deals. Expert Review User reviews. Limited Time Offer on U Brands Contempo Magnetic Monthly Calendar Dry Erase Board, 11 x 14 Inches, White Frame.. Limited Time Offer on Creative Teaching Press Inspire U Chalk It Up. Limited Time Offer on North States Superyard Ultimate Play Yard, Ivory from North States.. Limited Time Offer on Learning Resources Play Money Smart Pack.. Limited Time Offer on Hape Garage Play Set Toddler Wooden Play Vehicle Set.. Limited Time Offer on CP Toys Build and Play Marble Run Accessory Set with 34 Plastic Components and 6 Marbles.. Limited Time Offer on KidKraft Tasty Treats Play Food Set.. Limited Time Offer on Hyperkin GelShell Controller Silicone Skin for HTC Vive (White) (2-Pack).. Limited Time Offer on Hape Quadrilla Wooden Marble Run Construction - Music Motion - Quality Time Playing Together Wooden Safe Play - Smart Play for Smart Families.. Limited Time Offer on Magline GMK81UAB Aluminum Gemini Sr Convertible Hand Truck, U Loop Handle, Cushion Wheels, 500lbs Capacity, 61" Height, 55-3/4" Length x 21" Width.. Google Lens lands on other non.... Google: Over 40 phone and carr.... Galaxy S9 could hit stores on.... LG to announce new models of K.... Report: Verizon is tops in App.... Apple rolls out fix for messag.... iPhone Stuck on Black Screen and Ho.... Why is iMessage Not Working and How.... How to transfer phone contacts from.... iPhone Won't Charge and How To.... iPhone Apps Won't Update and H.... All You Need to Know About Sprint L.... Guide to Verizon Wireless Device Pa.... Find the Best Cell Phone and Plan for You. Wirefly helps you save on cell phones and plans by offering innovative comparison tools so consumers can make educated choices. Find The Best TV and Internet Providers For You. Paying too much for Internet or TV service? Use our tool to compare Internet providers, TV providers, and bundled services.. HTC U Ultra Alcatel Pixi Unite Samsung Galaxy J3 Emerge LG Aristo Samsung Galaxy J2 Prime ZTE Cymbal Z-320 ZTE Concord LG Risio LG Spree BlackBerry KEYone. Wirefly Is America's Most Trusted Source For All Cell Phones, Plans, TV, and Internet Deals. Wirefly offers great deals on a large selection of smartphones, cell phones, tablets, mobile hotspots, and other wireless devices for the nation's most popular carriers. Use Wirefly’s innovative cell phone and plan comparison tools to ensure you are getting the best deal on the market. Shop with confidence knowing that Wirefly wants to help you find the best prices on cell phones, cell phone plans, TV, and Internet service.. Privacy Policy | Term of Use | Contact | About Us. WireFly.com © 2018 All Rights Reserved. 
​HTC U Play phone: full, in-depth review. ​HTC U Play phone: full, in-depth review. Smaller is better with HTC's winning, mid-range, Android smartphone. 90 Users want this. 4.50 / 5. The HTC U Play is less divisive than its big brother. It's easier to use, does everything well and represents great value. It's also one of the prettiest phones ever made.. Sense UI spammed us with random entertainment news and unhelpful eating suggestions. Audio Apparently ear tuning makes a difference. HTC U Play camera In good lighting, focusing was usually fast and accurate with minimal shutter lag. In bright light, the U Play managed good exposure with detail being kept in light and dark areas (thanks to the decent HDR). Landscapes could be a little dark by default, but it's simple to adjust the exposure on screen. Full HD video was smoothly captured at 30fps, but it wasn't the sharpest image we've seen. Read more: ​Moto G5 Plus phone: full, in-depth review. We reviewed HTC’s U Ultra flagship phone a few months ago and found it to be a frustrating device. It looked stunning, it had some nifty features, but it was oversized and made a poor use of space. Now here’s the slightly-lesser HTC U Play. It’s smaller, but otherwise looks the same. The specs are slightly lower but the price is significantly less. It all amounts to a very different package. 5.2in, 1920 x 1080 LCD screen, 32GB/3GB RAM, 2GHz Octa-core Mediatek P10 CPU, Mali-T860MP2 GPU, 16MP rear and 16MP front cameras, microSD (dual SIM slot on some models), USB-C, no headphone jack, Android 6, 2500mAh battery, 146 x 73 x 8mm, 145g. The U Play looks just like a small U Ultra which means it’s probably the prettiest phone ever made. Our review unit was metallic blue but it also comes in pink and black. The one annoyance is that the camera protrudes out the back meaning the lens will get rubbed every time you set it down (if you're not careful).. With just(!) one 5.2-inch screen, the Play is significantly smaller than its oversized, dual-screen, big brother which was hard to wrap your hand around and felt especially chunky in the wake of the new 18:9 form-factor slim phones; the LG G6 and Samsung Galaxy S8. This one is much more comfortable to hold and operate one-handed. Indeed, it’s only 5mm wider than the S8’s ‘bezel-less’ screen compared to the Ultra’s 12mm-wider girth.. Of course the Samsung manages to squeeze in an extra 0.4-inches of screen real estate thanks to its slimmer form factor, but we didn’t feel we were missing out on much on this 16:9-ratio Full HD unit. The screen itself is very bright, colurful and sharp despite using LCD (rather than AMOLED) technology. It’s not Ultra High-resolution but this won’t trouble casual users and we (correctly) expected it to help with battery life.. The Octa-core processor might be a nominal step down from the Snapdragon used in the Ultra but, frankly, we were hard pressed to tell the difference. Having come from using top-end phones like the U Ultra , LG G6 and Samsung S8 recently, this didn’t feel slower than them. There are only two buttons: a volume rocker and ‘serrated’ power button on the top-right side. It might sound silly, but after using a bunch of different phones lately, the simplicity of this design works very well – our fingers always fell to the button we wanted and so we rarely pressed the wrong one. It’s also worth noting that we struggled a bit with the small ‘soft’ buttons beneath the screen of the Ultra. There was so much space next to the fingerprint reader on that phone that we regularly had to jab several times to connect with the buttons' activation spot – that’s not an issue here.. The fingerprint reader itself is at the bottom of the screen and is responsive and very quick at unlocking the phone regardless of the angle that your finger lands on it. Frankly, it proved to be a refreshing change from the more-haphazard S8's biometric locks.. The Android version is currently 6.0 but we expect that to change. We'd like to see Google Assistant arrive sooner rather than later as the Sense UI "Assistant" - which spams you with unhelpful non-local suggestions is more annoying than useful.. Nonetheless, it’s the best-looking phone we’ve ever seen, it’s comfortable to use and hold and it’s fast too. Another difference compared to the Ultra is the absence of HTC’s BoomSound system which provides 24-bit audio capabilities. In truth, we didn’t miss it as the standard output here was impressive but hardcore audiophiles may do so. However, the system which tunes earbuds and headphones to the shape of your own ear canal is still there. We’re not entirely sure how this works and we only have HTC’s word that it makes things better. What isn’t there is a standard 3.5mm audio jack. This awful trend needs to stop as not having a standard feature is not a feature. HTC does include a decent USB headset to connect to the USB-C port at the base, but most people will lament the omission.. The built-in speaker is mediocre but gets quite loud. When playing music there’s very little bass and treble gets tinny quickly. However, audio is distinct and it’s usable for conference calls and general voice operation.. The main camera is generally a good all-rounder. Both it and the front camera are 16-megapixel units. In good lighting, it’s fast and accurate when focusing plus images are neutral and crisp. There are times when it will struggle to focus on what you want it to – mainly when movement is involved – but tapping the screen fixes things quickly.. Read more OPPO A57: unboxing, hands on review and detail shots. In harsh lighting conditions (very bright sun) it did very well thanks to decent High Dynamic Range performance. In low light, while it’s some way behind the likes of the Samsung Galaxy S8 and the Google Pixel XL , it can capture some impressive detail so long as motion isn’t too prevalent.. The selfie camera also utilises 16-megapixels but can be set to a reduced-resolution, low-light (called ‘Ultrapixel’) mode if desired. There’s also a decent ‘Make-up’ mode which applies some impressive air-brushing filters.. The Optical Image Stabilisation is especially noticeable in movie mode as we saw when walking around our office: our footsteps were smoothed out impressively. It still wasn’t in the league of Sony’s 5-axis OIS but was still better than most. Audio was captured clearly and impressively.. The maximum resolution is 1080P but the results did feel a bit soft and lacking detail. It’s usable but we’ve seen more-detailed imagery elsewhere.. Focusing was generally fast and accurate but if a long-lens focus-pull was required we had to tap the screen to help it along. In low light it impressively picked up detail at the minor expense of grain. It’s just a shame that HTC has limited movies to 30 frames per second as it can manage more than this.. Rocket to Success - Your 10 Tips for Smarter ERP System Selection. Error: Please check your email address.. Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus.. Oppo A73 review: The budget smartphone that sets the bar for 2018. Oppo R11s review: The iClone you know and love, but not quite the one you deserve. Blackberry KEYone Black Edition review: What the original KEYone should have been. Samsung Gear IconX 2018 review: The path of least resistance makes for an easy upgrade. LG V30+ Review: The videographer's smartphone arrives. MWC 2018: Samsung Debut The Stunning Galaxy S9. Huawei's Matebook X Pro is a svelte Surface Book with a hidden webcam for the paranoid. Samsung's Galaxy S9 debuts with big changes to DeX. The Galaxy S9 looks like an S8 on the outside, but is all new on the inside. LG's V30S ThinQ has last-generation speed and next-generation smarts. Sony a7R Mk III review: The strongest case yet for ditching your DSLR. Oppo A73 review: The budget smartphone that sets the bar for 2018. What's the difference between an Intel Core i3, i5 and i7?. WD My Passport Portable Hard Drive. James Cook University - Master of Data Science Online Course. Tile Pro Series - Tracker Devices. Win a pair of delightful MOMENTUM Free Sennheiser’s Bluetooth headphones.. We have 4 to give away so jump in!. The latest business news, reviews, features and whitepapers. Visit our shop for the best deals on hot products. Watch our video news and reviews from around the world. Comprehensive buying guides, features, and step-by-step articles. The printer was convenient, produced clear and vibrant images and was very easy to use. I would recommend this device for families and small businesses who want one safe place to store all their important digital content and a way to easily share it with friends, family, business partners, or customers.. It’s easy to set up, it’s compact and quiet when printing and to top if off, the print quality is excellent. This is hands down the best printer I’ve used for printing labels.. Brainstorming, innovation, problem solving, and negotiation have all become much more productive and valuable if people can easily collaborate in real time with minimal friction.. The print quality also does not disappoint, it’s clear, bold, doesn’t smudge and the text is perfectly sized.. The Huddle Board’s built in program; Sharp Touch Viewing software allows us to easily manipulate and edit our documents (jpegs and PDFs) all at the same time on the dashboard.. FT Broker Support/ Applications Support Other. CC Enterprise Architecture - Strategy Consultant VIC. CC UI iOS & Android Developer VIC. FT Business Analyst - Cyber Security Transformation Other. FT SAP Business Analyst x 4 Other. FT Platform Architect - Infrastructure/Cloud VIC. FT Senior Project Coordinator, Project Delivery Other. FT Senior Project Manager - Mobile Apps Other. TP Project Manager - Senior Application Specialist - Healthcare QLD. FT Senior Technical Business Analyst Other. FT SQL Developer / Data Analyst Other. CC Field Technician - Windows/ Office 365 Environment VIC. FT Project Manager - APS 6 ACT. Don’t have an account? Sign up here. Reproduction in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of IDG Communications is prohibited. BYOG (bring your own glasses) will bring headaches for IT. The week in security: The Notifiable Data Breaches scheme is here. Superloop hits its stride after acquisition spree. With over 25 years of brand awareness and credibility, Good Gear Guide (formerly PC World Australia), consistently delivers editorial excellence through award-winning content and trusted product reviews.. Don't have an account? Sign up now. 
Call FREE 0800 049 6250. All pay as you go phones. SIM free phones with SIM offers. The following items have been added to the basket:. By using this site, you agree we can set and use cookies.. For more details about cookies and how to disable them,. SAVE £150 on SIM free - Hurry, ends tonight!. To view this video, please install the latest version of Adobe Flash Player.. Enter place or postcode to view stock in store. UH OH ! We're sorry, We are unable to find stores for your postcode.. Looking for Pay as you go. Now £199.99 + £10 top-up. "The HTC U Play is a standout smartphone, with a 5.2-inch Full HD display and two amazing 16MP cameras – one on the front, and another on the back.". Available in Black, Blue, Pink and White. “The HTC U Play is a very good looking phone, and it’ll be big news for selfie fans with its 16MP front-facing camera.”. Up to 427 Hours standby time. the 16MP camera will give you crystal clear selfies, and Full HD video quality. keep your private life to yourself, which a fingerprint scanner embedded in the home button. Meet the unique and beautiful liquid surface design, engineered from multiple layers of glass. Check out the U Play’s build. The U Play from HTC boasts an eye-catching design. As you turn the phone, you’ll notice the multiple layers of glass on the back reflect light in brilliant colours, only made better by the striking symmetrical build.. The 5.2-inch Full HD display won’t let you down, showcasing an array of deep blacks and vivid colours. See all your photos and videos like never before.. Just above the Full HD display there’s a 16MP sensor, promising picture-perfect selfies every time. It also means you can film in Full HD, perfect for high-res video-chatting using apps like Skype and Google’s Duo.. Your landscape and portrait photos will look great with a secondary 16MP camera on the back of the phone. Video quality will be smooth and fluid too, with built in optical image stabilisation.. Find out what makes the U Play tick. Sense Companion is HTC’s virtual assistant. It’s always learning from you and is built to make life that little bit easier. It’ll remind you to grab a brolly if it’s forecast to rain, or it can book a table at a restaurant on your behalf.. On the inside there’s a 2,500mAh battery cell, which supports fast charging. So even if you do find yourself running a bit low, 15 minutes plugged in the wall will give you a significant boost.. Mediatek MT6755 Helio P10, octa-core Cortex-A53. Super LCD capacitive touchscreen, 16m colours. 146 x 72.9 x 8 mm. Full HD 1080p (1920 x 1080) at 30 fps. HTC U Play Reviews - page 2. HTC U Play is rated. Rated 3 out of. Had HTC phones for years this is my fourth,.i do like this phone however it has the same faults as when i had the HTC one mini, screen gets way too hot when being used. Often needs charging 3 times a day even when I havent used it, with no apps.open. drops battery level from 64% to 1% within an hour without being used. When charging phone gets way to hot. Always gets very hot when on a call. Have contacted HTC but heard nothing from them which surprises me as when I had this problem before with HTC one mini they took the phone to fix it. Although they fixed it getting hot they damaged the phone and wouldn't fox it. Rated 5 out of. Great camera and performance for a phone under 350. I bought this in may for £350 and i love it. This phone js amazing works brilliantly with a super fast touch id.. Rated 5 out of. This phone for its price is amazing comparing to a phone like the note 8 as the camera is amazing and the phone is nice and smooth. I have a lot of apps and it still works smooth since late march. This is a great phone would recommend it for anyone.. Rated 5 out of. Had this phone 4 weeks now and really impressed with it. Although the headphone port is missing its only a miner issue as you get the usonic earphones absolutely free! Battery life is decent enough for those who don't sit on their phones all day doing nothing.. If you find cheper deal than ours,We'll match it and pay your first monthly bill.. If you find better trade in price when getting any new smartphones, we will bring it and give you. We offer FREE next day delivery with a 1 hour timeslot,so you wont wait in all day.. Pin Point will help you compare your needs to 1000s deal to find the one that right for you.. We have the widest range of networks on the high streets so you can compare more deals. Your default store Remove. terms and condition for notify me goes here e.g Your email will. only be used to stiffly you when the product is back in stock.. If you find cheper deal than ours,We'll match it. and pay your first monthly bill.. If you find better trade in price when getting any new. smartphones, we will bring it and give you � 20. We offer FREE next day delivery with a 1 hour. timeslot,so you wont wait in all day.. Pin Point will help you compare your needs to. 1000s deal to find the one that right for you.. We have the widest range of networks on the high. streets so you can compare more deals. Monday - Friday: 8am - 10pm. The Carphone Warehouse Ltd is authorised and regulated by the Financial Conduct Authority. Registered Office: 1 Portal Way, London W3 6RS, Registered in England No. 
Select the department you want to search in. Sign in Account & Lists Sign in Account & Lists Orders Try Prime Cart. Your Amazon.com Today's Deals Gift Cards Registry Sell Help Disability Customer Support. 1-16 of 70 results for "htc u play". Did you mean: htc uplay. See all results for htc u play .. HTC U Play U-2u 64GB Black, 5.2", Dual Sim, GSM Unlocked International Model, No Warranty. HTC U Play U-2u 64GB White, 5.2", Dual Sim, GSM Unlocked International Model, No Warranty. HTC One X10 3GB 32GB 5.5" GSM Factory Unlocked - International 4G LTE - Black. HTC Desire 10 Pro D10i 64GB Polar White, 5.5 Inch, Dual Sim, GSM Unlocked International Model, No Warranty. Only 1 left in stock - order soon.. HTC U Play U-2u 64GB Pink, 5.2", Dual Sim, GSM Unlocked International Model, No Warranty. HTC U Play U-2u 64GB Blue, 5.2", Dual Sim, GSM Unlocked International Model, No Warranty. Only 2 left in stock - order soon.. Genuine HTC HC C1332 Leather Protective Flip Cover Case for HTC U Play - Dark Blue. Product Features Official HTC accessory made for the HTC U Play. HTC U Ultra Factory Unlocked Phone - 5.7" Screen - 64GB - Black (International Version - No Warranty). HTC Desire 10 Pro D10i 64GB Stone Black Factory Unlocked GSM International Version no warranty. Only 20 left in stock - order soon.. $194.99 (11 used &amp new offers). HTC U Play Leather Flip Case (Milky White). Only 15 left in stock - order soon.. HTC U Play 32GB Single SIM Factory Unlocked Android OS Smartphone (Brilliant Black) - International Version with No Warranty. HTC U Ultra Leather Flip Case (Milky White). Only 5 left in stock - order soon.. Product Features Designed and made by HTC for HTC U Play model. HTC Merge ADR6325 Global 3G Android Smartphone US Cellular. Trade-in eligible for an Amazon gift card. The HTC Merge is a CDMA Android ... and music on Google's Play Store .... HTC U Play SmartPhone QUICK CHARGE 3.0 18W Wall Charging Kit with (2)5Ft Cables. Both a USB Type-C & MicroUSB Cable! [Qualcomm and UL Certified / 110-240v / 82 Voltages). by Certified Accessory for HTC. Only 3 left in stock - order soon.. Product Features QUICK CHARGE 3.0 your HTC U Play SmartPhone 27% faster & 38% More efficiently!. HTC U Play 32GB Single SIM Factory Unlocked Android OS Smartphone (Ice White) - International Version with No Warranty. HTC U Play 32GB Single SIM Factory Unlocked Android OS Smartphone (Sapphire Blue) - International Version with No Warranty. All customers get FREE Shipping on orders over $25 shipped by Amazon. Selfie Sticks & Cell Phone Tripods. 4 Stars & Up & Up. 3 Stars & Up & Up. 2 Stars & Up & Up. 1 Star & Up & Up. There's a problem loading this menu right now.. Get fast, free shipping with Amazon Prime. Prime members enjoy FREE Two-Day Shipping and exclusive access to music, movies, TV shows, original audio series, and Kindle books.. Careers About Amazon Investor Relations Amazon Devices. Sell on Amazon Sell Your Services on Amazon Sell on Amazon Business Sell Your Apps on Amazon Become an Affiliate Advertise Your Products Self-Publish with Us › See all. Amazon Rewards Visa Signature Cards Amazon.com Store Card Amazon.com Corporate Credit Line Shop with Points Credit Card Marketplace Reload Your Balance Amazon Currency Converter. Your Account Your Orders Shipping Rates & Policies Amazon Prime Returns & Replacements Manage Your Content and Devices Amazon Assistant Help. Amazon Music Stream millions of songs. Amazon Drive Cloud storage from Amazon. 6pm Score deals on fashion brands. AbeBooks Books, art & collectibles. ACX Audiobook Publishing Made Easy. Alexa Actionable Analytics for the Web. Amazon Business Everything For Your Business. AmazonFresh Groceries & More Right To Your Door. AmazonGlobal Ship Orders Internationally. Home Services Handpicked Pros Happiness Guarantee. Amazon Inspire Digital Educational Resources. Amazon Rapids Fun stories for kids on the go. Amazon Restaurants Food delivery from local restaurants. Amazon Video Direct Video Distribution Made Easy. Amazon Web Services Scalable Cloud Computing Services. Audible Download Audio Books. AudiobookStand Discount Audiobooks on Disc. Book Depository Books With Free Delivery Worldwide. Box Office Mojo Find Movie Box Office Data. ComiXology Thousands of Digital Comics. CreateSpace Indie Print Publishing Made Easy. DPReview Digital Photography. East Dane Designer Men's Fashion. Fabric Sewing, Quilting & Knitting. Goodreads Book reviews & recommendations. IMDb Movies, TV & Celebrities. IMDbPro Get Info Entertainment Professionals Need. Junglee.com Shop Online in India. Kindle Direct Publishing Indie Digital Publishing Made Easy. Prime Now FREE 2-Hour Delivery on Everyday Items. Prime Photos Unlimited Photo Storage Free With Prime. Shopbop Designer Fashion Brands. TenMarks.com Math Activities for Kids & Schools. Warehouse Deals Open-Box Discounts. Whole Foods Market America’s Healthiest Grocery Store. Withoutabox Submit to Film Festivals. Woot! Deals and Shenanigans. Zappos Shoes & Clothing. Souq.com Shop Online in the Middle East. Subscribe with Amazon Discover & try subscription services. Conditions of Use Privacy Notice Interest-Based Ads © 1996-2018, Amazon.com, Inc. 
more ... more .... more ... more .... 2 Interface, Functionality, Processor and Connectivity. 4 Call quality, Battery and Conclusion. by Daniel Petrov. HTC - HTC + Android - Android +. 1 Introduction, Design and Display. 2 Interface, Functionality, Processor and Connectivity. 4 Call quality, Battery and Conclusion. Introduction HTC introduced its new glass U-series not long ago, and we already reviewed its flagship representative, the U Ultra. It is now time to move downmarket and inspect the HTC U Play , which comes with a more manageable display size, premium design, and 16 MP cameras both front and back. In short, the U Play has everything we could expect out of a worthy midranger these days, at least on paper. But how does it perform in practice? Let's dive in... Design Slippery is the first impression that comes to mind when you pick up the U Play. The phone is made with the trendy glass sandwich design, where two sheets of thermoformed cover glass are pressed against a metal frame. HTC has done this in a pretty symmetric manner, and the U Play leaves a quality feeling both when you look at the device and when you hold it. For its size, the handset is light enough. The back has been treated to a fancy paintjob which gives it a hue-shifting reflection. In the case of our white version, that results in a nacre, mother-of-pearl visual effect. As we mentioned in the beginning, the glassy finish makes the phone a bit slippery to hold, and the tapered sides don't actually facilitate the grip, either. You get used to the exact pressure required to hold onto your precious U Play with time, but this thing would certainly be more manageable with a case on, as it's also a bit wide for its screen size. Speaking of which, screen-to-body ratio of 70% is nothing to write home about these days, and the U Play could have benefited from some slimming of the bezels all around. HTC has provided a touch finger scanner/home key combo underneath the display, and two capacitive back and menu keys are flanking it. They all work well, and folks who prefer their fingerprint reader at the front would appreciate the HTC U Play navigation setup. There is a single speaker at the bottom, and two mics for noise cancellation at the upper and lower sides. Thankfully, HTC has gone with a USB-C port for charging or data transfer at the bottom of the U Play. That also serves as audio connection, since there is no standard 3.5mm jack. The metal power key and volume rocker on the right are conveniently sized and placed, easy to find and press without looking, and with good tactile feedback.. Display With a 5.2” LCD panel at 1080 x 1920 pixels resolution, HTC leaves little to be desired in the display department. The screen is sufficiently bright, vivid, and with more than enough pixel density for any task you might throw at it. It leans a bit on the cold side, though, and you are getting some oversaturated greens in the process, but it does have a color tone adjustment slider in the settings, if you want to bother. Outdoor visibility is about average, since the brightness is high enough, but reflectivity is a bit too high for enjoying the panel under direct sunlight.. 5.75 x 2.87 x 0.31 inches. 145.99 x 72.9 x 7.99 mm. 5.75 x 2.81 x 0.31 inches. 146.1 x 71.4 x 7.9 mm. 5.73 x 2.8 x 0.29 inches. 145.5 x 71 x 7.45 mm. 5.91 x 2.91 x 0.38 inches. 150.2 x 74 x 9.7 mm. To see the phones in real size or compare them with other models, visit our Visual Phone Size Comparison page.. Minimum brightness (nits) Lower is better. Contrast Higher is better. Color temperature (Kelvins). Delta E rgbcmy Lower is better. Delta E grayscale Lower is better. The CIE 1931 xy color gamut chart represents the set (area) of colors that a display can reproduce, with the sRGB colorspace (the highlighted triangle) serving as reference. The chart also provides a visual representation of a display's color accuracy. The small squares across the boundaries of the triangle are the reference points for the various colors, while the small dots are the actual measurements. Ideally, each dot should be positioned on top of its respective square. The 'x: CIE31' and 'y: CIE31' values in the table below the chart indicate the position of each measurement on the chart. 'Y' shows the luminance (in nits) of each measured color, while 'Target Y' is the desired luminance level for that color. Finally, 'ΔE 2000' is the Delta E value of the measured color. Delta E values of below 2 are ideal.. These measurements are made using SpectraCal's CalMAN calibration software.. The Color accuracy chart gives an idea of how close a display's measured colors are to their referential values. The first line holds the measured (actual) colors, while the second line holds the reference (target) colors. The closer the actual colors are to the target ones, the better.. These measurements are made using SpectraCal's CalMAN calibration software.. The Grayscale accuracy chart shows whether a display has a correct white balance (balance between red, green and blue) across different levels of grey (from dark to bright). The closer the Actual colors are to the Target ones, the better.. These measurements are made using SpectraCal's CalMAN calibration software.. HTC U Play Compare. (Posts: 193; Member since: 05 Apr 2016). posted on 04 Apr 2017, 08:45. Are you guys really charging about $500 for this when you can have a OnePlus 3T for less with better specs? DOA.. (Posts: 2159; Member since: 08 Apr 2016). posted on 04 Apr 2017, 08:57. Never has the true meaning of the word "DOA" being truly justified.. (Posts: 1009; Member since: 20 Feb 2015). posted on 04 Apr 2017, 08:57. 3.5mm audio jack is a con in the sober world.. (Posts: 2315; Member since: 14 Aug 2014). posted on 04 Apr 2017, 09:31. (Posts: 2194; Member since: 09 Nov 2015). posted on 04 Apr 2017, 09:54. A 1080p Display, a power-hungry 'vintage' Helio P10 and a 2,500mAh battery... And I thought that Blackberry KeyOne is expensive...! Forgive me, O 'berry for I've offended thee and thy fan-boy(s)... I mean, I bought my Samsung Galaxy S6 for less than that...!. Anyhow, you can get quite a few phone with Helio P10 for HALF the price... Just did a little Googling and Oppo F1s, Gionee S6 Pro and Elephone P9000 are selling P10 equipped smartphones at about $200-$250 price range... You shall forever remain in our hearts and in our memory... As a company which thought it was Apple and has the same 'fan-base' and charged accordingly...!. (Posts: 1131; Member since: 28 Sep 2016). posted on 04 Apr 2017, 11:54. Bravo HTC! Let's hope you are nowhere near the next Pixel.. posted on 04 Apr 2017, 14:34. Apple removed 3.5 mm jack because they couldn't fit the components and to make it waterproof. Why did HTC do it ? it's a stupid move. (Posts: 1131; Member since: 28 Sep 2016). posted on 04 Apr 2017, 15:56. No Apple did it so they rather not put that many components but they could have easily if they wanted to. They just want more money from new accessories. HTC did it because they figured that if Apple is the sales leader without it, they can get away with cutting that corner too. That's pretty much the extent of it.. (Posts: 124; Member since: 09 Mar 2017). posted on 05 Apr 2017, 03:29. Don't know why htc is stick to Helio p10 processer this phone is way to costly you I'll better phone with just 400$ one+ 3T and one plus 3 they could have gone with SD625 and 3200mah battery with less bezels. (Posts: 23; Member since: 28 Jul 2016). posted on 06 Apr 2017, 16:23. WTF is HTC drinking, smoking or shooting up? It's no wonder why the company is literally chest deep in a grave! The pixel and vive are the only things that held them up this last year. Now what? I'm so annoyed by them with these horrible prices for trash products. I'm done with them and I have a 10 and its my last phone from them PERIOD.. (Posts: 2; Member since: 25 Mar 2017). posted on 10 Apr 2017, 05:27. htc u is a nice phone with good loaded features with a site called BUYSMAART.COM where i came to know the pros and cons and user reviews in detail anyone can go and find the reviews. This is a unique and differential experience of using user reviews and making the right buying decisions and makes better understanding of products.. (Posts: 3; Member since: 15 Jul 2017). posted on 15 Jul 2017, 05:08. I have started to plan for replacing my old Moto G4. And in terms of long-term value, camera performance (no lag) & quality, multitasking & app opening (no reload), speakers output, lightweight body & hand comfort, the most bands & frequencies (especially the UK & Europe), screen readability in direct sunlight and the most important which are constant & continous updates which would u choose:. Want to comment? Please login or register .. Display 5.2 inches, 1080 x 1920 pixels (428 ppi) S-LCD. Size 5.75 x 2.87 x 0.31 inches (145.99 x 72.9 x 7.99 mm). MediaTek Helio P10, Octa-core, 2000 MHz, ARM Cortex-A53 processor 3 GB RAM. $299 Buy. $510 Buy. Gear S4 may come with a blood pressure monitor, Samsung patent reveals. Google Pay launches today, but its most important feature is not here yet. Galaxy S9 and S9+ previewed in glorious detail with full specs and release date. Galaxy S9 and S9+ price and release date on Verizon, AT&T, T-Mobile and Best Buy. The Samsung Galaxy S9 and S9+ have game-changing cameras with variable aperture and 960fps slow-mo video recording. The Big Barcelona Camera Comparison: iPhone X vs Pixel 2 XL vs Note 8. Samsung Galaxy S9 and S9+ rumor review: Specs, design, features, price and release date. Samsung Galaxy A8 (2018) Review 6.5. Sony Xperia XA2 and Xperia XA2 Ultra Review 7.8. Huawei Mate 10 Lite Review 8. Jabra Elite 65t wireless earphones Review 8.5. Samsung Galaxy Note 3 vs Samsung Galaxy Note 2. LG V30 Review 8.8. Sony presents Xperia XZ2 and XZ2 Compact: new design and Snapdragon 845. Galaxy S9 Exynos edition gets benchmarked against rivals!. Galaxy S9 first camera comparison vs iPhone X, V30, S8. Samsung Galaxy S9 & S9+ hands-on. MWC 2018: top smartphones to expect. Best smartphone you can buy in 2018. Allo is a quality app, but Google isn't giving it a real chance. All content (phone reviews, news, specs, info), design and layouts are Copyright 2001-2018 phoneArena.com. Reproduction in whole or in part or in any form or medium without written permission is prohibited! Privacy. 
Looks like you really like Pricena! To continue browsing we need to make sure you are human :) Just check the box below and you're good to go.. If this doesn't work, please get in touch with us on info[at]pricena.com.. 
<span class="i19ndropdownplus new-window" data-url="http://www.stuffmideast.com/">Stuff Middle East</span>. <span class="i19ndropdownplus new-window" data-url="http://www.stuff.co.za">STUFF South Africa</span>. Bets big on design, but could be more a case of game over. We are part of The Trust Project. If you want HTC’s vision of what a future phone should look like, check out the HTC U Ultra. It has a strange little second screen: a bit like someone glued a MacBook Pro touch bar to the thing.. But not everyone can afford to spend on a phone what could buy you an only-slightly-dodgy second hand car. For the rest of us there’s the HTC U Play. Normal size, normal tech and a slightly more normal price: £399. The U Play’s funky build gives it something to brag about, but is that enough?. A few years ago, HTC made coolest-looking phone of 2013 - the HTC One M7. Anyone that bought one in those glory days will remember: it was the bomb.. Since then, HTC has tried some awkward re-treading of that look, and some, erm, homages to other phones, like the very iPhone-like HTC One A9. The job of the U-series is to prove HTC’s designers still have some original-ish ideas left.. That doesn’t mean the U Play is outlandish or weird, though. It’s glass on the back, aluminium on the sides. However, it has an unusual pearlescent finish, at least in the white version we have (it also comes in black, blue and pink). HTC says it’s meant to look like liquid is flowing over the phone. It’s a good look, and the U Play feels as expensive as something like a Samsung Galaxy S7. You’ll probably want to use the included transparent clip-on case to make sure it stays looking smart, though.. This adds a millimetre or two to each side, but the U Play isn’t going to be a stretch for adult hands, not like the U Ultra, because the display just isn’t that big at 5.2in.. The phone is also smooth and comfy, with or without its plastic armour, and has a great fingerprint scanner just below the screen. It’s not a button; you just put a finger on it when the phone’s sleeping and the U Play wakes up.. It’s a pretty-looking phone, but one with a design decision that’s up there with chocolate oven gloves. The HTC U Play doesn’t have a headphone jack.. Sure, the iPhone 7 did it already, but at least Apple owns a headphone-maker, Beats, and the Lightning connector forces a sound quality issue.. Y'see, Lightning sockets can only deliver digital audio, so every pair of Lightning headphones needs, effectively, a tiny little DAC to convert the signal. USB C can transmit analogue audio, making USB C headphones (potentially) functionally identical to normal ones.. The U Play comes with a pair of USB C earphones, and while HTC has stamped them with the Hi-Res audio logo, that’s used so widely these days it’s about as credible as a Donald Trump tweet.. They sound fine, and have decent bass punch, but aren’t leagues better than the best pairs that ship with more expensive phones. The treble is a bit harsh, the mids congested and low on detail, and they tend to fall out of your ears pretty easily. Fine for a freebie, but you could do better for £30.. Oh, but you can’t, because no-one makes USB-C earphones yet.. That's a real pain, but at least there's one part of the U Play that won't leave you disappointed. The screen is a perfectly nice, 1920x1080 Super LCD panel, functionally identical to an IPS display.. The Samsung Galaxy S7 still beats it, with deeper blacks and much higher resolution, but you can at least tweak it to your own tastes, using a colour temperature slider in Settings.. It doesn’t fiddle with colour potency, which is typical: punchy, but not so oversaturated your eyes will need a break after a while. It just makes the U Play display more orangey or blue-y.. The 5.2in screen is a good size for just about anyone: not so big it’ll fill your pocket like expanding foam, but not small enough you’d never want to watch Netflix on the thing.. Let’s be straight, screens in higher-end phones are pretty boring these days. They’re all good, which is perhaps why HTC decided to bung another one onto the U Ultra to set it apart.. The U Play also has familiar software. It runs Android 6.0 (with an upgrade to 7.0 planned) and a new version of HTC Sense. It looks and feels a lot like the older version, though.. There are still pages in the apps menu, a slightly stiffer took than normal Android, and you can still change that look with themes. A preinstalled app lets you flip between them.. Flick from the left-most home screen and you’ll find good old BlinkFeed, the scrolling news feed you can either populate with news stories or updates from social networks. It seems to feature a lot more ‘sponsored’ ads than before, but is still a good way to waste five minutes on the tube/toilet.. HTC banged on about software AI that would set the new U-series phones apart at their launch, but we’ve noticed nothing different about how the phone operates, to be honest. Hopefully whatever it’s doing behind the scenes will be more obvious in the HTC U Ultra, with its second screen.. One slightly eye-opening part of the U Play is that it uses a Helio P10 CPU. This is not a powerful CPU, given you’re paying £400 for it, using four Cortex-A53 cores rather than any true high-end ones. It’s not all that far off the Motorola Moto G4 ’s CPU, using the same kind of cores, just running more quickly.. Switching from the £1200 Huawei Mate 9 Porsche Edition , there is only a slight difference in general responsiveness. This still feels like a fast phone, but it’s not that fast given the price. In Geekbench 4 it scores 2800 points, for example, a few hundred more than the Moto G4 but only half of what the Galaxy S7 achieves.. Day-to-day, the difference doesn’t matter too much. However, as we’ve seen in other phones that use the Helio P10 CPU, its graphics chip just isn’t powerful enough for flawless 1080p gaming with Android’s best-looking titles.. Asphalt 8 runs pretty badly at the default ‘High’ graphics setting, making your driving feel as juddery as a 16 year-old’s who just passed their test. We don’t want to have to be cutting down graphics in games after spending £400. The U Play has a dual-core Mali-T860 graphics chip, which never seems to quite cut it at 1080p with certain games. HTC sensibly doesn’t use the Helio P10 in the much pricier U Ultra. Next up is the camera, and this too is more low-end than the U Ultra’s setup - but isn’t too shabby either.. There’s a 16MP sensor on the back, and another 16MP one on the front. That’s a lot of megapixels, although it’s no secret the very best phone cameras (as of mid-February at least) have 12MP sensors.. The U Play has a good camera spoiled by one thing: shutter lag. Use the proper camera app and switch off HDR (it on Auto as standard) and it’s not too bad, but try to take a photo in WhatsApp and it feels as though you are left waiting an age just for the shutter to fire. Try to shoot a fast-moving object and you’ll end up with a shot of spot where a dog/baby/car just was. Image quality is generally good, focusing is pretty reliable and as there’s optical image stabilisation you don’t need hands with the stability of granite to take non-blurry low-light pics. However, the U Play still clearly has a mid-range camera, not a great one.. Taking pictures indoors, you’ll notice some photos take on a slightly lifeless quality, which is what happens when dynamic range dips and colours start to lose their spark and realism.. In good lighting, the U Play’s photos have a decent amount of detail, but some of this gets wiped out by noise reduction as the conditions get trickier. HTC may be the king of “Ultrapixels", but the U Play’s cameras have tiny 1-micron sensor pixels, meaning image quality is going to go downhill as soon as sensitivity is increased.. For a bit of context, the Moto G4 Plus ’s 16MP camera has 1.3 micron sensor pixels. Before we nerd out completely, this is offset by optical stabilisation, and the U Play does seem to take better night photos than the budget Motorolas. But it doesn’t quite get close to the Samsung Galaxy S7 or LG G5 ’s night pics.. It does seem completely immune to overexposure, though, which plagued just about every HTC phone for a couple of years. This is where the brighter parts of an image become blocks of white, all detail crushed into a white hole of nothingness. The U Play tends to play it safe, resulting in some shots that could do with a little bit of post-shoot brightening, but don’t lose detail through overexposure.. It didn’t help that the weather was pretty miserable when we took the phone out shooting, mind.. A little brightness slider pops-up next to the little focus point to let you tweak this, but with the current version of the camera app it’s weirdly difficult to use. 95 per cent of the time it disappears as soon as you try to use it.. A few little software fixes are needed throughout the U Play, actually. We couldn’t get swipe-typing to work, for example.. One other camera feature worth mentioning is Zoe, which takes three seconds of video along with each of your pics. It got there before Apple’s Live iPhone photos. But it’s not as good as Apple’s take because it’s not invisible. It actually feels like you’re taking three seconds of video: not much fun.. The flip side of the HTC U Play camera is that the front camera is very good. It seems to use the same, or a similar, sensor as the rear camera, but with a slightly wider lens and no optical stabilisation. Photos get a little scratchy up-close in those late-night pub shots, but still look realistic.. As with other parts of the HTC U Play, the camera is mostly good (apart from that annoying lag) but a bit of a stretch at the price. You can get an LG G5 for less nowadays.. The U Play is an inconsistent patchwork, then, but there's no question that the battery is a bit of a stinker. A 2500mAh unit just isn't good enough for a phone with a 1080p screen.. It only lasts a full day when you strip back on basically all its connected features, like web browsing or music streaming. With normal use (some 4G browsing and a few podcasts) it burns through two full charges in a single day. As I write this, it's 12:30 and I'm already down to 40% charge. There's no ultra-fast charging if you use the bundled 5V/2A charger, either. It's not slow, but not super-fast either.. If you’re expecting the U Play's solitary speaker to match the quality of HTC’s classic BoomSound HTC One, you may be disappointed too.. It’s louder than the average, passing the all-important test of making a podcast audible while you boil a kettle for a brew, but is also slightly harsher and less full-sounding than the best.. HTC struggles to get it right these days, and the HTC U Play doesn’t change that.. This is a phone that looks and feels expensive enough for its £400 price, but the closer you get, more and more of the little things you notice chip away at its appeal. Top-end games don’t run as well as they should, the camera is a lag-fest at times, and you have to be pretty careful to get through the day without needing to plug in.. If the price was competitive maybe we could suck these issues up and just bask in its glassy loveliness. Buy the HTC U Play SIM free here on Amazon. The 10 best smartphones in the world right now. 16MP rear w/ OIS, phase detect AF and flash, 16MP front. HTC U Play review Classy and glassy on the outside, but there are a few too many problems inside to warrant the high price. Where to buy HTC U Play:. Where to buy HTC U Play:. Stay on top of tech with Stuff in your inbox every week. Thank you for registering for our Newsletter. We will send you relevant emails and updates.. Where to buy HTC U Play:. 
Largest Gadget Discovery Site in India. OnePlus 5T Xiaomi Redmi 5A Apple iPhone X Honor 7X Oppo F5. HTC U Play Price in India. Updated on: Feb 26, 2018. Market status: Available in India. HTC is a global brand that has been making phones for more than 10 years, and is credited for developing the world’s first Android phone and also the first windows powered phone. It is known for its good looking designs.. HTC has over 200 service locations spread over India covering most major cities.. Overview Prices User Reviews Specs competitors Q&A. HTC U Play details Read more. Robust configuration Good camera quality Full HD display. Average battery backup Does not support OTG. The HTC U Play is another powerful smartphone fromt the house of HTC, which has been extremely generous in providing the Indian smartphone market with a large number of great quality smartphones. This smartphone feeds from an extremely powerful processor and a great camera quality, apart from offering a humongous storage option. So if you want to own such a smartphone, there wouldn�t be any better option than this.. The HTC U Play comes with a 5.2-inch IPS LCD screen that flaunts a full HD resolution of 1,080 x 1,920 pixels which results from a density of 424 pixels per inch. The capacitive touch screen responds well to multi touch.. Under the bonnet, the HTC smartphone holds an octa-core Kryo processors, which clocks a speed of 2.4GHz. This set of processor cores is placed on an advanced chipset of Qualcomm Snapdragon 835 MSM8998and is further assisted by a good 3GB RAM to power you through the heavy multi tasking and high end gaming that you indulge into. Moreover, the GPU of Adreno 540 takes cares of all the graphical requirements.. The HTC U Play poses with a great 13MP primary camera that can process images of 4,128 x 3,096 pixels resolution with the help of autofocus, LED flash, face detection, smile detection and High Dynamic Range mode. The 8MP front camera too forms as a great option for clicking selfies and indulging in high quality video calling.. The smartphone comes with an internal storage of 32GB, which can be further expanded up to a massive 128GB with the help of a microSD card.. The HTC U Play is euipped with its fuel from a li-polymer battery which claims to render a long lasting battery life.. In the connectivity segment, the smartphone offers a wide range of options like a dual SIM slots, 4G, Wi-Fi 802.11, b/g/n, A-GPS, mobile hotspot, Bluetooth, microUSB 2.0 and a type C USB slot.. HTC U Play PRICE IN INDIA. HTC U Play price in India starts from Rs. The lowest price of HTC U Play is Rs. The latest price of this phone is updated on Feb 26, 2018.. Sorry, we could not find any store with selected criteria.. Disclaimer: The price & specs shown may be different from actual. Please confirm on the retailer site before purchasing. Apply for a credit card on bankbazaar.com, and get free Amazon vouchers worth Rs. Quad core (2 GHz, Quad Core + 1.1 GHz, Quad core). Performance ▾. Group: 19 - 29 K Phones Based on specs, benchmarks & expert ratings. See Best Performance Phones in 19 - 29 K. 19 - 29 K Phones All Phones. Display ▾. Group: 19 - 29 K Phones Based on specs, benchmarks & expert ratings. See Phones with Best Display in 19 - 29 K. 19 - 29 K Phones All Phones. Camera ▾. Rear Camera compared to. Group: 19 - 29 K Phones Based on specs, benchmarks & expert ratings. See Best Rear Camera Phones in 19 - 29 K. 19 - 29 K Phones All Phones. Battery ▾. Group: 19 - 29 K Phones Based on specs, benchmarks & expert ratings. See Phones with Best Battery Life in 19 - 29 K. 19 - 29 K Phones All Phones. Supports Indian bands 64 GB + 2 TB Expandable Dual SIM: Nano + Nano (Hybr... What makes HTC U Play unique?. The thinnest HTC phone priced around Rs. Top 10 mobile phones in India. Review talking about - Read all Great camera Reviews. BASED ON 20 RATING(S). 28 Jun 2017 By Amazon Customer On amazon.in. You must know htc warranty policy...... Remember htc warranty policyIf your mobile has minor scratches or bend then your warranty will be avoid visit htc service Center and conform it.. 21 Jun 2017 By Ramanos On amazon.in. camera is decent enough at this price point. HTC U Play gets a Rs 10,000 price cut, now available for Rs 29,990. May 09 2017 By Akshay Kumar. The U Play is a mid-range offering with a 5.2-inch 1080p display, 4GB RAM, 64GB storage and 16MP cameras. HTC U Ultra and U Play launched in India for Rs 59,990 and Rs 39,990 respectively. Feb 21 2017 By Akshay Kumar. The U Ultra is the brand’s first smartphone to sport a secondary ticker display on top of the main screen. 19 - 29 K Phones all phones. SIM1: Nano SIM2: Nano (Hybrid) Network. 4G: Available (supports Indian bands) 3G: Available, 2G: Available Fingerprint Sensor. Iceberg White, Indigo Blue, Black Oil, Cosmic Pink Gold. Group: 19 - 29 K Phones Based on specs, benchmarks & expert ratings See Slimmest Phones in 19 - 29 K. 19 - 29 K Phones All Phones. Group: 19 - 29 K Phones Based on specs, benchmarks & expert ratings See Lightest Phones in 19 - 29 K. 19 - 29 K Phones All Phones. 5.2 inches (13.21 cm) Screen Resolution. Full HD (1080 x 1920 pixels) Pixel Density. Capacitive Touchscreen, Multi-touch Screen to Body Ratio. Group: 19 - 29 K Phones Based on specs, benchmarks & expert ratings See Phones with Best Display in 19 - 29 K. 19 - 29 K Phones All Phones. Pixel Density compared to. Group: 19 - 29 K Phones Based on specs, benchmarks & expert ratings See Phones with Sharpest Screen in 19 - 29 K. 19 - 29 K Phones All Phones. Quad core (2 GHz, Quad core, Cortex A53 + 1.1 GHz, Quad core, Cortex A53). Group: 19 - 29 K Phones Based on specs, benchmarks & expert ratings See Best Performance Phones in 19 - 29 K. 19 - 29 K Phones All Phones. Group: 19 - 29 K Phones Based on specs, benchmarks & expert ratings See Phones with Best Processor in 19 - 29 K. 19 - 29 K Phones All Phones. Quad core, 2 GHz, Cortex A53 + Quad core, 1.1 GHz Cortex A53, Chipset: MediaTek MT6755. Quad core, 2.7 GHz, Krait, Chipset: Qualcomm APQ8084 Snapdragon 805. Quad core, 2.4 GHz, Cortex A73 + Quad core, 1.8 GHz Cortex A53, Chipset: HiSilicon KIRIN 960. Group: 19 - 29 K Phones Based on specs, benchmarks & expert ratings See Phones with Highest RAM in 19 - 29 K. 19 - 29 K Phones All Phones. Up to 2 TB User Available Storage. Group: 19 - 29 K Phones Based on specs, benchmarks & expert ratings See Phones with Best Storage in 19 - 29 K. 19 - 29 K Phones All Phones. Internal Memory compared to. Group: 19 - 29 K Phones Based on specs, benchmarks & expert ratings See Phones with Highest Internal Memory in 19 - 29 K. 19 - 29 K Phones All Phones. Exposure compensation, ISO control Shooting Modes. Continuos Shooting, High Dynamic Range mode (HDR) Camera Features. Digital Zoom, Auto Flash, Face detection, Smile detection, Touch to focus Video Recording. Rear Camera compared to. Group: 19 - 29 K Phones Based on specs, benchmarks & expert ratings See Best Rear Camera Phones in 19 - 29 K. 19 - 29 K Phones All Phones. Main Camera compared to. Group: 19 - 29 K Phones Based on specs, benchmarks & expert ratings See Phones with Best Main Camera in 19 - 29 K. 19 - 29 K Phones All Phones. Front Camera compared to. Group: 19 - 29 K Phones Based on specs, benchmarks & expert ratings See Phones with Highest Front Camera Resolution in 19 - 29 K. 19 - 29 K Phones All Phones. Up to 15.2 Hours(3G) Standby time. Up to 427 Hours(3G) Quick Charging. Group: 19 - 29 K Phones Based on specs, benchmarks & expert ratings See Phones with Best Battery Life in 19 - 29 K. 19 - 29 K Phones All Phones. SIM1: Nano, SIM2: Nano (Hybrid) Network Support. 4G (supports Indian bands), 3G, 2G SIM 1 SIM 2 Wi-Fi. Wi-Fi 802.11, a/ac/b/g/n/n 5GHz Wi-Fi Features. TD-LTE 2600(band 38) / 2300(band 40) FD-LTE 2100(band 1) / 1800(band 3) / 2600(band 7) / 900(band 8) / 700(band 28) / 850(band 5) / 800(band 20). UMTS 1900 / 2100 / 850 / 900 MHz. GSM 1800 / 1900 / 850 / 900 MHz. 50 Mbit/s ↑ 300 Mbit/s ↓ (LTE category 6). HSDPA 42.2 Mbit/s ↓, HSUPA 5.76 Mbit/s ↑. TD-LTE 2600(band 38) / 2300(band 40) FD-LTE 2100(band 1) / 1800(band 3) / 2600(band 7) / 900(band 8) / 700(band 28) / 850(band 5) / 800(band 20). UMTS 1900 / 2100 / 850 / 900 MHz. GSM 1800 / 1900 / 850 / 900 MHz. 50 Mbit/s ↑ 300 Mbit/s ↓ (LTE category 6). Light sensor, Proximity sensor, Accelerometer, Compass, Gyroscope. Disclaimer: The price & specs shown may be different from actual. Please confirm on the retailer site before purchasing. Show only Android HTC Phablet Dual SIM Camera 8 MP & above. I don't want to see this. Larger screen: 5.7 inches vs 5.2 inches. Higher battery capacity: 3000 mAH vs 2500 mAH. Higher pixel density: 515 ppi vs 424 ppi. OS: Android RAM: 4 GB SIM card slots: 2 Internal Memory: 64 GB NFC: Yes Thickness: 7.9 mm 844 people viewed together 2193 people compared together. Dual core 2.15 GHz vs Quad core 2.0 GHz. Lower primary camera resolution: 12 MP vs 16 MP. More weight: 161 grams vs 145 grams. I don't want to see this. Larger screen: 5.5 inches vs 5.2 inches. Higher primary camera resolution: 20 MP vs 16 MP. Higher battery capacity: 3000 mAH vs 2500 mAH. OS: Android RAM: 4 GB SIM card slots: 2 Internal Memory: 64 GB NFC: Yes 441 people viewed together 1477 people compared together. Lesser thickness: 7.8 mm vs 7.9 mm. Quad core 1.8 GHz vs Quad core 2.0 GHz. Lower pixel density: 401 ppi vs 424 ppi. Lower secondary camera resolution: 13 MP vs 16 MP. More weight: 165 grams vs 145 grams. I don't want to see this. Larger screen: 5.5 inches vs 5.2 inches. More RAM: 6 GB vs 4 GB. Higher battery capacity: 3400 mAH vs 2500 mAH. OS: Android Primary camera: 16 MP SIM card slots: 2 Internal Memory: 64 GB NFC: Yes 72 people viewed together 819 people compared together. Lesser thickness: 7.3 mm vs 7.9 mm. Dual core 2.35 GHz vs Quad core 2.0 GHz. Lower pixel density: 401 ppi vs 424 ppi. More weight: 158 grams vs 145 grams. I don't want to see this. Larger screen: 5.7 inches vs 5.2 inches. Octa core 2.2 GHz vs Quad core 2.0 GHz. Higher battery capacity: 3300 mAH vs 2500 mAH. OS: Android RAM: 4 GB Primary camera: 16 MP SIM card slots: 2 Internal Memory: 64 GB NFC: Yes 68 people viewed together 588 people compared together. Lesser thickness: 7 mm vs 7.9 mm. Lower pixel density: 386 ppi vs 424 ppi. More weight: 172 grams vs 145 grams. I don't want to see this. Larger screen: 5.5 inches vs 5.2 inches. Quad core 2.45 GHz vs Quad core 2.0 GHz. More RAM: 6 GB vs 4 GB. OS: Android SIM card slots: 2 NFC: Yes Thickness: 7.9 mm 110 people viewed together 319 people compared together. Higher battery capacity: 3000 mAH vs 2500 mAH. Higher pixel density: 534 ppi vs 424 ppi. More internal memory: 128 GB vs 64 GB. Lower primary camera resolution: 12 MP vs 16 MP. More weight: 169 grams vs 145 grams. I don't want to see this. Larger screen: 6 inches vs 5.2 inches. More RAM: 6 GB vs 4 GB. Higher battery capacity: 4000 mAH vs 2500 mAH. OS: Android Primary camera: 16 MP SIM card slots: 2 Internal Memory: 64 GB NFC: Yes 409 people compared together. Lesser thickness: 6.9 mm vs 7.9 mm. Quad core 1.95 GHz vs Quad core 2.0 GHz. Lower pixel density: 367 ppi vs 424 ppi. More weight: 189 grams vs 145 grams. View all FAQs about HTC U Play. Please write your question as a complete sentence while asking a new question. Write Your Question as a complete sentence, then press Ask a Question. Which is a better phone between HTC U Play and HTC 10 Evo?. Answered by Vikas Jayaraman | 1 months ago. HTC U Play is a much better choice than HTC 10 EVO as HTC U play offers a better battery backup, it comes with a dual sim option which is not present in HTC 10 EVO, also it provides a faster. CPU performance and more 4 GB RAM.. You can check all the comparison details on the following link. HTC 10 EVO vs HTC U play. Does HTC U Play support OTG?. Answered by Damini Sai | 3 months ago. Yes , HTC U Play supports OTG HTC U Play. HTC u play having fingerprint scanner?. Answered by Aashna Rangan | 8 months ago. Can HTC U play support Jio sim card?. Answered by Sadaf Patel | 1 years ago. yes it should support jio sim. Do we get the wireless charger free with HTC U play?. Answered by Harish Yadav | 1 years ago. It might not be in the box. I don't think it will support wireless charging.. People who viewed HTC U Play also viewed. Subscribe for top stories, new launches & expert reviews!. Home | Privacy | Sitemap | About Us | Contact Us | Visitor Agreement | Terms & Conditions |. News & Reviews | हिंदी न्यूज़. 
Esto también se puede leer en español.. HTC knows how to make a good-looking phone, and the HTC U Ultra and U Play are gorgeous in glass.. Jessica Dolcourt /. Inspired by water, HTC wanted to make phones that felt liquid and deep.. Jessica Dolcourt /. The U Ultra, left, is larger than the U Play.. Jessica Dolcourt /. The reflective phones capture and scatter light in four colors: white, pink, blue and black.. Jessica Dolcourt /. Jessica Dolcourt /. The quality of light changes the phones' color.. Jessica Dolcourt /. But it's the phones' second screen at the top and AI software inside that sets the U Ultra and U Play apart.. Jessica Dolcourt /. You can see subtle reminders, like to get the milk.. Jessica Dolcourt /. And you swipe among screens as a shortcut to your top apps.. Jessica Dolcourt /. Jessica Dolcourt /. Here's what a calendar notification looks like.. Jessica Dolcourt /. You'll do some settings setup to get started.. Jessica Dolcourt /. You can choose everything from the music player to the weather, but I have a feeling that less is more.. Jessica Dolcourt /. The phones run on Android 7.0.. Jessica Dolcourt /. The Play has stepped down specs -- for example, its 16-megapixel camera isn't going to be as sharp as the Ultra's 12-"Ultrapixel" shooter, HTC said.. Jessica Dolcourt /. You'll be able to see the U Ultra and U Play from even more angles in the next slides, including how reflective and smudgy the phone gets.. Jessica Dolcourt /. Jessica Dolcourt /. Jessica Dolcourt /. Jessica Dolcourt /. Jessica Dolcourt /. Jessica Dolcourt /. Jessica Dolcourt /. Jessica Dolcourt /. Jessica Dolcourt /. Jessica Dolcourt /. Jessica Dolcourt /. Jessica Dolcourt /. Jessica Dolcourt /. Jessica Dolcourt /. Jessica Dolcourt /. Jessica Dolcourt /. Jessica Dolcourt /. Jessica Dolcourt /. Jessica Dolcourt /. Jessica Dolcourt /. Jessica Dolcourt /. Jessica Dolcourt /. Jessica Dolcourt /. Jessica Dolcourt /. Jessica Dolcourt /. Jessica Dolcourt /. Jessica Dolcourt /. Jessica Dolcourt /. Jessica Dolcourt /. Jessica Dolcourt /. Jessica Dolcourt /. Jessica Dolcourt /. There's no headphone jack and no water-resistant coating on either phone, but there is that gorgeous body and all that AI. Read our hands-on impressions of the HTC U Ultra and U Play .. Jessica Dolcourt /. HTC U Ultra and Play shine on in glass. 1 of 48. January 12, 2017 12:30 AM PST. MWC 2018: All the phones and gadget... Latest Stories. Alexa lands in more Lenovo Yoga laptops. Alexa lands in more Lenovo Yoga laptops. Samsung Galaxy S9 event: Watch it live here. Samsung Galaxy S9 event: Watch it live here. Sony goes big on cool camera tech with Xperia XZ2 and XZ2 Compact. Sony goes big on cool camera tech with Xperia XZ2 and XZ2 Compact. Apple's moving celebration of marriage equality in new iPhone X ad. Apple's moving celebration of marriage equality in new iPhone X ad. This office supply will clean under keyboard keys in a jiff. This office supply will clean under keyboard keys in a jiff. This concept phone's selfie camera pops up like toast. This concept phone's selfie camera pops up like toast. CNET may earn fees when you click through to a partner site.. 
HTC U Play Price in the Philippines and Specification. 5.2" FHD with Corning Gorilla Glass, 4GB RAM 64GB ROM, 16MP main / 16MP front with HTC UltraPixel mode, USB Type-C, HTC USonic with noise cancelation, 2500mAh with fast charging. 5.2 inches, 1080 x 1920 p... 2G, 3G, 4G (LTE), 64GB, 4GB ... * Prices updated on Feb 26, 2018. * The prices listed have been converted from USD to PHP based on exchange rates of Feb 23, 2018.. Php700/1lb for Shipping , 8-13 days for delivery. Free shipping or from P55...., 5-10 business days for ... with Free SanDisk 64gb Type-C USB Ultra Dual Drive. Free shipping or from P55...., 5-10 business days for ... with Free SanDisk 64gb Type-C USB Ultra Dual Drive. Free shipping or from P55...., 5-10 business days for ... with Free SanDisk 64gb Type-C USB Ultra Dual Drive. Free shipping or from P55...., 5-10 business days for ... with Free P500 Grab Ride Voucher. Free shipping or from P55...., 5-10 business days for ... with Free P500 Grab Ride Voucher?. Apply now online for Home Credit Installments. Apply now online for Home Credit Installments. Please note that you have to be Filipino citizen, resident in Metro Manila. 18 – 68 year old and employed (at least 3 months), self-employed, businessman, pensioner or remittance beneficiary. Outside of Metro Manila we offer cash on delivery among many other payment options with free delivery nationwide!. Apply now online for Home Credit Installments. Apply now online for Home Credit Installments. Please note that you have to be Filipino citizen, resident in Metro Manila. 18 – 68 year old and employed (at least 3 months), self-employed, businessman, pensioner or remittance beneficiary. Outside of Metro Manila we offer cash on delivery among many other payment options with free delivery nationwide!. Apply now online for Home Credit Installments. Apply now online for Home Credit Installments. Please note that you have to be Filipino citizen, resident in Metro Manila. 18 – 68 year old and employed (at least 3 months), self-employed, businessman, pensioner or remittance beneficiary. Outside of Metro Manila we offer cash on delivery among many other payment options with free delivery nationwide!. HTC U Play Price in the Philippines Starts from P11,975. The lowest price of HTC U Play is P11,975 at EXPANSYS, which is 38% less than the cost of U Play at argomall (P19,189).. The latest price of HTC U Play was updated on Feb 26, 2018, 10:23.. Nano SIM, Dual SIM, Dual Standby. Extended memory: microSD up to 2TB. , Talk time on 3G network: up to 15.21 hours. , Standby time on 3G network: up to 427.54 hours. , FDD: Bands 1, 3, 5, 7, 8, 20, 28. Support Cat 6 LTE, download up to 300 Mbps, upload up to 50 Mbps. WiFi, GPS, Bluetooth, Image Stabilization, Flash. 145.99 x 72.9 x 3.5 ~ 7.99 mm. User Review : 1 Reviews. This HTC U Play with 5.2" FHD with Corning Gorilla Glass display is such a one good quality for a phone very safe ... Write a review on this product. Read more reviews on this product. Let's post your questions on this product. You might receive fruitful information from others.. 5.5 inches, 1440 x 2560 p... 2G, 3G, 4G (LTE), 128GB, ... 6 inches, 2880 x 1440 pixels. 2G, 3G, 4G (LTE), 64GB, 1... 2G, 3G, 4G (LTE), 64GB, 4GB. 5.0 inches, 1080 x 1920 p... 2G, 3G, 4G (LTE), 16GB, 3... 5.7 inches, 2560 x 1440 p... 2G, 3G, 4G (LTE), 64GB, 4GB. Most viewed ranking for HTC Mobile Phones. View Mode: PC | Mobile. Please be aware that we cannot guarantee that all the information shown, such as prices, specs, images, etc. Prices and stock availability for each shop are always changing. If you are considering making a purchase, please refer to the merchant's page to ensure that you have the most up-to-date information. In order to use this website and its services, users must consent to and abide by the Terms of Use. By accessing or using any area of this website, you hereby agree to be legally bound and abide by the Terms.. Copyright © Priceprice.com All rights reserved. (Produced by kakaku.com that is Japan's No.1 Comparison Website). 
