Narrow your choices by category and find the laptop you truly want. From gamers to students to first-time owners, there's one for everybody.. Multimedia tablets with multiple modes, including Stand, Hold, and Hang.. Lots of options, but only one you, right? Narrow your choices by category, and find the laptop you truly want.. Explore All Laptops & Ultrabooks >. Learn more about the ThinkPad family. Learn more about the Yoga family. Learn more about the IdeaPad family. Learn more about the Lenovo laptops. Plenty to consider before making your purchase. Business-ready desktops with enhanced security features.. Plenty to consider before making your purchase. A business investment requires due diligence. A business investment requires due diligence. Learn more about the Thinpad workstations. Your tablet is an extension of your personality! Find the one that best compliments you.. Multimedia tablets Lightweight & portable Budget friendly. Business-ready Windows tablets with enhanced security features.. Multimedia tablets with multiple modes, including Stand, Hold, and Hang.. Because your tablet is like an extension of your personality. Check out specifics, and complement yourself.. Multimedia tablets Lightweight & portable Budget friendly. Learn more about the android family. Learn more about the windows family. Explore All Accessories & Monitors >. Laptop Deals | On Sale This Week. Laptop Deals | On Sale This Week. GREAT DEALS ON SELECT PCS, TABLETS & ACCESSORIES. Save up to on select Products .. Sale ends on March 1st at 4AM EST.. Products ship within the same business day (excl. bank holidays and weekends) for orders which have been placed prior to 3pm ET and which are prepaid in full or payment approved. Software and accessories will be shipped separately and may have a different estimated ship date.. Yoga 920 (14") - Platinum Silver. Unique contemporary, durable intricate watchband hinge rotates smoothly to suit the moment - ultimate comfortability, style and speed.. 8th Generation Intel® Core™ i5-8250U Processor (1.60GHz 6MB). Durable 360-degree hinge, you can easily flip it into tablet mode for browsing the web, or stream a TV show in tent mode.. 7th Generation Intel® Core™ i7-7500U Processor (2.70GHz 4MB). Yoga 720 (13") - Platinum Silver. Immerse yourself in the high definition screen and cutting edge, razor thin bezel.. 8th Generation Intel® Core™ i7-8550U Processor (1.80GHz 8MB). 1TB 2-in-1 PC with the touch sensitivity and portability to bring your ideas to life anywhere.. 7th Generation Intel® Core™ i5-7200U Processor (2.50GHz 3MB). IdeaPad 320 (15") AMD - Platinum Grey. From the new streamlined design to a cleaner desktop interface, you'll enjoy the simplicity that this PC offers.. Legion Y520 (15") NVIDIA GeForce GTX 1050 Ti. Top of the line GeForce Graphics in the ultimate portable gaming PC.. 7th Generation Intel® Core™ i7-7700HQ Processor (2.80GHz 6MB). Legion Y520 (15") GeForce GTX 1060. Top of the line GeForce Graphics in the ultimate portable gaming PC.. 7th Generation Intel® Core™ i7-7700HQ Processor (2.80GHz 6MB). 2TB 5400RPM + 256GB PCIe SSD. Ideapad 720S 15" Touch - Iron Grey. Portable enough for work, powerful enough for play - premium processing for the ultimate performance and game-ready PC.. 7th Generation Intel® Core™ i7-7700HQ Processor (2.80GHz 6MB). Yoga 720 (15") - Platinum Silver. One of the only convertibles on the market offering this level of graphics power with the NVidia GTX1050.. 7th Generation Intel® Core™ i7-7700HQ Processor (2.80GHz 6MB). Ideapad 720S (13") - Iron Grey. With MobileMark 2014 requirements, up to 10 hours of battery life and always-on, you’ll be able to stay moving all day.. 8th Generation Intel® Core™ i5-8250U Processor (1.60GHz 6MB). Ideapad 720S (13") - Iron Grey. Super-fast data transfer with Thunderbolt 3, backlit keyboard and brilliant 3 side narrow bezel display.. 8th Generation Intel® Core™ i7-8550U Processor (1.80GHz 8MB). Durable 360-degree hinge, you can easily flip it into tablet mode for browsing the web, or stream a TV show in tent mode.. 7th Generation Intel® Core™ i7-7500U Processor (2.70GHz 4MB). Consumers Only: Lenovo.com sells and ships products to end-user customers only. Lenovo may cancel your order if we suspect you are purchasing products for resale.. Limit: Limit 5 per customer. Offers valid from Lenovo in the US only. Lenovo may increase or decrease these limits, from time to time, for certain offerings.. Pricing and Availability: Lenovo.com offers, prices, and product specifications may change without notice. Lenovo will contact you and cancel your order if the product becomes unavailable or if there was a pricing or typographic error. Item pricing does not include tax, shipping and handling, or recycling fees. Reseller prices may vary from prices on lenovo.com. Savings shown are referenced off of regular Lenovo web prices. Lenovo strives to provide a reasonable quantity of products to accommodate estimated consumer demand. Despite our best efforts, however, products advertised may be subject to limited availability, depending on inventory levels and unforeseen demand.. Microsoft operating systems and software: Customers should make sure to review key information provided by Microsoft that may apply to your system purchase, including details on Windows 10, Windows 8, Windows 7, and potential upgrades, downgrades or service limitations. Lenovo makes no representation or warranty regarding third-party products or services.. Warranty: For a copy of applicable warranties, write to: Lenovo Warranty Information, 1009 Think Place, Morrisville, NC, 27560.. Battery: Battery life (and recharge times) will vary based on many factors, including system settings and usage. Lenovo systems do not support batteries that are not genuine Lenovo-made or authorized. Systems will continue to boot, but may not charge unauthorized batteries. Lenovo has no responsibility for the performance or safety of unauthorized batteries, and provides no warranties for failures or damage arising out of their use.. Trademarks: IdeaPad, Lenovo, Lenovo Legion, ThinkPad, ThinkCentre, ThinkStation, Yoga, the Lenovo logo and the Lenovo Legion logo are trademarks or registered trademarks of Lenovo. Microsoft, Windows, Windows NT, and the Windows logo are trademarks of Microsoft Corporation. Ultrabook, Celeron, Celeron Inside, Core Inside, Intel, Intel Logo, Intel Atom, Intel Atom Inside, Intel Core, Intel Inside, Intel Inside Logo, Intel vPro, Itanium, Itanium Inside, Pentium, Pentium Inside, vPro Inside, Xeon, Xeon Phi, and Xeon Inside are trademarks of Intel Corporation or its subsidiaries in the U.S. Other company, product or service names may be trademarks or service marks of others.. Facebook Twitter Google+ YouTube Pinterest Flickr Lenovo Forums. You are going to open an external link and will leave lenovo.com.Are you sure to leave?. You are going to open an external link and will leave lenovo.com.Are you sure to leave?. You are going to open an external link and will leave lenovo.com.Are you sure to leave?. You are going to open an external link and will leave lenovo.com.Are you sure to leave?. You are going to open an external link and will leave lenovo.com.Are you sure to leave?. Print this page Privacy Site Map Terms of Use External Submission Policy Sales Terms and Conditions. 
GSM 850 / 900 / 1800 / 1900 - SIM 1 & SIM 2. HSDPA 900 / 1900 / 2100. 133 x 66 x 9.9 mm (5.24 x 2.60 x 0.39 in). 4.5 inches, 55.8 cm 2 (~63.6% screen-to-body ratio). 480 x 854 pixels, 16:9 ratio (~218 ppi density). microSD, up to 32 GB (dedicated slot). SMS(threaded view), MMS, Email, Push Mail, IM. Also known as Lenovo A Plus A1010a20. We can not guarantee that the information on this page is 100% correct. Lenovo A Plus - user opinions and reviews. Maybe it's something with the SMS app, try another one from Play Store, try resetting the phone from recovery, full reset, verify the operator number for the SMS, SMS service center number (SMSC)-ask your operator about it or google it find it on the.... The phone is unable to send messages what could be the problem and how can this be corrected?. good but battery is not life. Samsung Apple Nokia Sony LG HTC Motorola Huawei Microsoft Lenovo Xiaomi Google Acer Asus Oppo OnePlus Meizu BlackBerry Alcatel ZTE Toshiba Vodafone Energizer XOLO Lava Micromax BLU Gionee vivo LeEco Panasonic HP YU verykool Maxwest Plum. Lenovo A1000 Lenovo B Motorola Moto C Lenovo Vibe C Lenovo A2010 Wiko Sunny2 Plus. Lenovo A6000 Lenovo A1000 Lenovo K8 Note Lenovo Vibe K4 Note Lenovo A7000 Lenovo K6 Note. 
Home Shop MWC News Reviews Features Opinions Videos The Gadgets 360 Show Cell Guru Prime Tech Smartphone Reviews Tech and Gadget Reviews How-To Videos Video Game Reviews and Features Top Lists by Gadgets 360 Unboxing and Hands-On Videos Podcasts Compare Mobiles Phone Finder DEALS. Mobiles Tablets Apps Gaming Cameras PC/Laptops AUDIO/VIDEO How To Telecom Science INDIA INTERNET SOCIAL MEDIA WEARABLES हिंदी. Acer Adcom Alcatel Apple Archos Asus BlackBerry Blu Celkon Coolpad Datawind Fly Gionee HTC Huawei iBall iBerry Idea InFocus Intex iVoomi Jivi Karbonn Lava LeEco Lenovo LG Lyf Maxx Mobile Meizu Micromax Microsoft Motorola MTS Nokia Obi Oppo Panasonic Philips Ringing Bells Samsung Sony Spice Swipe Videocon Vivo Wickedleak Xiaomi Xolo Yu Zen Ziox Zopo ZTE. Home Mobiles Phone Finder Lenovo A Plus. SPECIFICATIONS USER REVIEWS NEWS. Share on Facebook Tweet Share Share Email Reddit. Lenovo A Plus smartphone was launched in September 2016. The phone comes with a 4.50-inch touchscreen display with a resolution of 480 pixels by 854 pixels. The Lenovo A Plus is powered by 1.3GHz quad-core MediaTek MT6580 processor and it comes with 1GB of RAM. The phone packs 8GB of internal storage that can be expanded up to 32GB via a microSD card. As far as the cameras are concerned, the Lenovo A Plus packs a 5-megapixel primary camera on the rear and a 2-megapixel front shooter for selfies. The Lenovo A Plus runs Android 6.0 and is powered by a 2000mAh removable battery. The Lenovo A Plus is a dual SIM (GSM and GSM) smartphone that accepts Regular and Micro-SIM. Connectivity options include Wi-Fi, GPS, Bluetooth, FM, 3G and 4G. Sensors on the phone include Proximity sensor, Accelerometer, Ambient light sensor and Gyroscope.. Lenovo A Plus, Lenovo P2 Smartphones Launched at IFA 2016. More Lenovo mobiles Lenovo mobiles price in India. Release date September 2016 Form factor Touchscreen Battery capacity (mAh) 2000 Removable battery Yes Colours White. Screen size (inches) 4.50 Touchscreen Yes Resolution 480x854 pixels. Processor 1.3GHz quad-core Processor make MediaTek MT6580 RAM 1GB Internal storage 8GB Expandable storage Yes Expandable storage type microSD Expandable storage up to (GB) 32. Rear camera 5-megapixel Rear Flash LED Front camera 2-megapixel. Wi-Fi Yes GPS Yes Bluetooth Yes NFC No Infrared No USB OTG No Headphones 3.5mm FM Yes Number of SIMs 2 SIM 1 SIM Type Regular GSM/CDMA GSM 3G Yes 4G/ LTE Yes Supports 4G in India (Band 40) No SIM 2 SIM Type Micro-SIM GSM/CDMA GSM 3G No 4G/ LTE No Supports 4G in India (Band 40) No. Compass/ Magnetometer No Proximity sensor Yes Accelerometer Yes Ambient light sensor Yes Gyroscope Yes Barometer No Temperature sensor No. Error or missing information? Please let us know. User ratings and reviews for Lenovo A Plus. 0 Out of 5. 5 Star 4 Star 3 Star 2 Star 1 Star. Lenovo A Plus, Lenovo P2 Smartphones Launched at IFA 2016. Lenovo K320t Lenovo K8 Lenovo K8 Plus Lenovo K8 Note Lenovo Vibe B Lenovo Z2 Plus Lenovo A7700 Lenovo A6600 Plus Lenovo A6600 Lenovo P2 Lenovo K6 Note Lenovo K6 Power Lenovo K6 Lenovo Vibe C2 Power Lenovo Vibe K5 Note Lenovo Vibe A Lenovo Vibe C2 Lenovo Phab 2 Plus Lenovo Phab 2 Lenovo Phab 2 Pro Lenovo Zuk Z2 Lenovo Vibe C Lenovo Zuk Z1 Lenovo Vibe K5 Lenovo Vibe K5 Plus Lenovo Vibe P1 Turbo Lenovo K5 Note Lenovo Lemon 3 Lenovo A7000 Turbo. Asus Zenfone Go Zb450kl vs. Xiaomi Redmi 3s Prime vs. Coolpad Note 3 Plus Lenovo P2 vs. Lenovo A Plus Lenovo A Plus vs. Lenovo A1000 Lenovo A Plus vs. Philips S388 Lenovo A Plus vs. Xiaomi Redmi 3s Prime Lenovo A Plus vs. Samsung Galaxy S7 Active vs. Micromax X102 Lenovo A Plus vs. Infocus M260 Lenovo A6600 Plus vs. Lenovo Vibe C2 Power Lenovo A Plus vs. Lenovo A2010 Lenovo A Plus vs. Nokia 7 Plus Is an Android One Phone With Dual Rear Cameras, Zeiss Optics Samsung Galaxy S9, Galaxy S9+ With Improved Cameras, AR Emoji Launched Samsung Galaxy S9, Galaxy S9+ Pre-Orders Now Open in India Nokia 8110 4G Is a 'Slider' Feature Phone With Google, Facebook Apps Nokia 7 Plus vs Nokia 7 OnePlus 5, OnePlus 5T HD Content Streaming Issue Fixed, With a Catch Vodafone to Offer 4.5GB Data Per Day for 28 Days at Rs. 799: Report Sony Xperia XZ2, Xperia XZ2 Compact With 18:9 Displays Launched at MWC Sony Unveils Xperia Ear Duo to Answer Apple AirPods, Samsung Gear IconX Nokia 8 Sirocco With Dual Cameras, Stainless Steel Frame Launched at MWC. Samsung phones price list Lyf phones price list Micromax phones price list Sony phones price list Htc phones price list Lenovo phones price list Intex phones price list Lava phones price list Apple phones price list Nokia phones price list Xolo phones price list Lg phones price list Vivo phones price list Oppo phones price list Gionee phones price list Motorola phones price list Blackberry phones price list Xiaomi phones price list. Sitemaps Archives Advertise About Us Feedback Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions Complaint Redressal Careers Contact Us RSS Ethics Lenovo A Plus in Hindi. © Copyright Red Pixels Ventures Limited 2018. Subject Comments. 
Enter the characters you see below. Sorry, we just need to make sure you're not a robot. For best results, please make sure your browser is accepting cookies.. Type the characters you see in this image:. 
Lenovo A Plus - user opinions and reviews. Pages: 1 2 ». Mike, 17 Nov 2017 The phone is unable to send messages what could be the problem and how can this be corrected? Maybe it's something with the SMS app, try another one from Play Store, try resetting the phone from recovery, full reset, verify the operator number for the SMS, SMS service center number (SMSC)-ask your operator about it or google it find it on their site, resend SMS MMS Internet automated message configurations.... try to send SMS from another phone with the same sim, if SMS is still stuck and the sim is working properly on another Phone, reflash the original ROM Lollipop 5.1, if the problem is still there. The phone is unable to send messages what could be the problem and how can this be corrected?. good but battery is not life. To any version of android can I update it?. Anonymous, 19 Sep 2017 How do you export contacts from sim to phone.its impossible To export contacts from sim to phone on lenovo vibe a plus stock rom: enter Contacts applications, touch for at least 3-7 seconds the physique square button from the bottom of the screen, left corner bottom, under touch screen bottom margins, then a menu will appear, choose Import/export option, select the sim where are the contacts to export, Next, Copy contacts to-choose here Phone contact, then Next and you are done.. AceShot, 03 Sep 2016 This should cost 50~ euro. Even this is too much for this garbage. more How do you export contacts from sim to phone.its impossible. I have the Lenovo A+ for 9 months now, I JUST LOVE IT!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!. Anonymous, 31 Aug 2017 I just bought a Lenovo A Plus (A1010a20) Smartphone. Where can find how to set an alarm for ... more To setup the alarm to wake up select Super Saver option from the drop down menu, the menu where are all sort of settings to touch- wlan, data connection, location etc obtained when you slide down from up to bottom of the screen, where you find the notifications. After you selected Super Saver option (see also the manual of your phone) select from the bottom menu under date-hour CLOCK, the last option after Contacts, Messages. Last, you will see 4 tabs above the time and date-Alarm, Clock, Timer, Stopwatch. Select Alarm Tab, touch the hour to setup time of wake up and then the notification sound days of week to activate alarm and you are done (google on search engines for more informations or screenshots if you find difficult to follow this written guide). You will see a small wake up watch beside the digital clock and battery indicator of the phone, right top corner when alarm is setup correctly:). I just bought a Lenovo A Plus (A1010a20) Smartphone. Where can find how to set an alarm for waking up?. I have this phone, and it works well. However it is compromised by the limited internal RAM and requires constant cache cleaning and SD card management in order for it to function in regard to updating apps. Often an app stored on an installed SD card will upon upgrading transfer itself back to the phone memory and need to be manually shifted back to the SD card. The other main drawback with this device will be obtaining a replacement battery for it. Having previous experience of trying to find replacement Lenovo batteries either online or from the company, they appear to be made to a unique and seemingly unobtainable elsewhere specification. Until Lenovo accepts that the point of having a user-replaceable battery is for the user to be able to be able to easily obtain a replacement when required, and addresses its well-known supply issues, I can't recommend this product.. This Phone offers you a free and lagless experience at £49. the screen isn't a strong point of the device but the performance makes up more than double. the plus is that the phone has a timeless design which I love. I recently bought two Lenovo A Plus a1010a20. I know that the standard of this smartphone is not what you expect today year 2017, however when you can get a smartphone in the local store in Sweden for 500 SEK (55$), it is a fair price. It can be true that buying a smartphone from china via Ebay has a better architechture, but there big but and that is the transportation fee, the likely the VAT and possibily the custom fee. The transportation fee is at least 20 USD. My opinion using the device a for short periode is very positive, and because the source code is released I guess there is no problem to change the RAM for apps to more amount. So instead of 1 GB for and 7 GB for data I would change the parameters to 4 and 4 or 6 and 2. My problem here is to find the best way to recompile the source code. Though I have not found a solutuon to use CyanogenMod, I think it is a cheap smartphone to play with. Perhaps it can work with Android O. It matches the quality and standard as the Samsung Galaxy S2, here I must say I got very disappointed with it, because the lack of the source code. My notes of A Plus a1010a20 is that is a good starter and backup smartphone along with your flagship smartphone. So far I am only disappointed of not finding the solution of how to change the RAM-settings using the source code. Anyone having an idea of is welcome to reply.. Screen - ok but weak colors and easy to brake. Bluetooth - weak, old version, trouble connecting to newer devices. Camera - ok, not great but ok. Behaves itself, but the usual unused Gapps bloat. Why Lenovo decided to lock-up this little lollipop, when their big marshmallow tablets root, I'll never know. Ashi85, 23 Dec 2016 You get what you pay for when you buy a smartphone for only Â69, I suppose. The Calendar icon showing on my screen doesn't change the Day & Date of month on my Lenovo A Plus, but shows the Monthly Calendar when I touch the icon. My other mobile which is a Blackberry does show current Day & Date. Is their a fault with the Lenovo or does this not change each day. You get what you pay for when you buy a smartphone for only Â69, I suppose. Works just fine for everything that I want to do with it, but that's about it. Only had it for a few days and already the screen is scratched (have no idea how, as it hasn't been dropped or had anything bumped into it).. Dearest ones who care.This phone as a midrange one with the mentioned specifications,should have come in 2011 to be in higher midrange flagship of the then time!!Or maybe,Lenovo was going to make it but the sketch design had been lost and after today's discovery,it came with a,A plus new name!!!Such a phone with todays standard criteria must cost just $80!!Please just compare the qualities carefully Unbiasdly to find the facts of people being smart,genius to buy things nowadays!People hardly earn money,so they deserve the best too.Happily,Made China smartdevices have better qualities with such an unbearable price!!!Xiaomie and Huawei are Made in China too!But just buyers choices proves my unbiased factwriting now!!Omid46.... Too much price for phone without IPS display. But people from my country Ukraine buy it, because have not money for normal device. Sad to see this specs in 2016. AceShot, 03 Sep 2016 This should cost 50~ euro. Even this is too much for this garbage. more it should be given free as a complimentary set with other Lenovo sets. price should not be more that 20 euro.. Pages: 1 2 ». Total of 21 user reviews and opinions for Lenovo A Plus .. Samsung Apple Nokia Sony LG HTC Motorola Huawei Microsoft Lenovo Xiaomi Google Acer Asus Oppo OnePlus Meizu BlackBerry Alcatel ZTE Toshiba Vodafone Energizer XOLO Lava Micromax BLU Gionee vivo LeEco Panasonic HP YU verykool Maxwest Plum. Lenovo A1000 Lenovo B Motorola Moto C Lenovo Vibe C Lenovo A2010 Wiko Sunny2 Plus. Lenovo A6000 Lenovo A1000 Lenovo K8 Note Lenovo Vibe K4 Note Lenovo A7000 Lenovo K6 Note. 
more ... more .... more ... more .... MEMORY: 8 GB + MicroSD. Release date: Sep 3, 2016. View all photos (7). Too little RAM memory (1 GB RAM). Low pixel density screen (218 ppi). The Lenovo A Plus offers standard low-end fare. Its 4.5-inch display chugs out a very lowly 480 x 854 resolution, while MediaTek's 1.3 GHz MT6580 chip along with one gig of RAM is about as frugal as it gets. The 8 GB storage isn't much to work with either, but thankfully, Lenovo has gone to the trouble of including microSD support. The 2000 mAh battery is quite small when compared even with moderately-stocked smartphones on the market.. Dimensions: 5.24 x 2.60 x 0.39 inches (133 x 66 x 9.9 mm). Weight: 5.15 oz (146 g) the average is 5.6 oz (159 g). Resolution: 480 x 854 pixels. Features: Ambient light sensor, Proximity sensor. Pixel density - The pixel density of a display represents the number of pixels over an area of one inch. It’s measured in “pixels per inch”, or ppi. The higher the number, the more detailed and good-looking the display is.. Screen-to-body ratio - Shows what part of the frontal area of a phone its screen occupies.. System chip - Most modern handsets use an advanced chip that includes many of the device’s hardware modules like the processor, Wi-Fi, Bluetooth and sometimes even the wireless radio. This field shows what particular system chip (or System-on-a-Chip) is used in the phone.. Processor - The processor is the main computing component of a phone and is a major factor when it comes to the overall speed of the device. Some more powerful smartphones use dual-core and quad-core processors designed to deliver greater performance.. Graphics processor - The graphics processor is important for the smooth operation of the system and especially in games and other applications that may involve complex graphics and animations.. System memory - System memory, or RAM memory is the type of memory that the device uses to temporarily store data from the OS or currently-running apps. The more RAM available to the device, the better the performance will be when multiple or heavier programs are running.. Built-in storage - Bigger storage capacity allows you to keep more content saved onto your device, such as more applications, photos or video. Games and video content typically take up the biggest amount of storage space.. Storage expansion - Some handsets allow you to expand their storage capacity by using a memory expansion card – most often microSD. Expansion memory is mostly suitable for media storage, such as photo, video or music content.. Talk time: 12.00 hours the average is 20 h (1229 min). Stand-by time: 16.0 days (384 hours) the average is 21 days (502 h). Capacity - The bigger, the better! However, battery capacity is not the only factor that has an effect on battery life. Those include the chipset in use, the software running on the device, as well as the consumer's unique usage pattern.. Multimedia Screen mirroring: Wireless screen share. Filter by: Album, Artist, Genre, Playlists. Features: Album art cover, Background playback. Cellular GSM: 850, 900, 1800, 1900 MHz. UMTS: 850, 900, 1900, 2100 MHz. Data: LTE Cat 4 (150/50 Mbit/s), HSDPA+ (4G) 21.1 Mbit/s, HSUPA 5.76 Mbit/s. Other features: Voice dialing, Voice commands, Voice recording. Features: Mass storage device, USB charging. Other: Tethering, Computer sync, OTA sync. Positioning - This field shows the positioning systems supported by the device. The most common types are GPS and A-GPS.. GPS - This is one of the most widespread global positioning technologies, developed and maintained by the U.S. It uses satellites in order to detect your location. A-GPS - A-GPS stands for Assisted GPS and is the industry standard for positioning and navigation. “Assisted” means that it can use local wireless networks, in addition to satellites, for quicker and more precise localization.. Availability Officially announced: 03 Sep 2016. To see the full specifications with in-depth details click here.. We list only the specs that are different than the main variant. Despite our efforts to provide full and correct Lenovo A Plus specifications, there is always a possibility of making a mistake. If you see any wrong or incomplete data, please LET US KNOW .. If you are interested in using our specs commercially, check out our Phone specs database licensing page.. Gear S4 may come with a blood pressure monitor, Samsung patent reveals. Google Pay launches today, but its most important feature is not here yet. Galaxy S9 and S9+ previewed in glorious detail with full specs and release date. Galaxy S9 and S9+ price and release date on Verizon, AT&T, T-Mobile and Best Buy. The Samsung Galaxy S9 and S9+ have game-changing cameras with variable aperture and 960fps slow-mo video recording. The Big Barcelona Camera Comparison: iPhone X vs Pixel 2 XL vs Note 8. Samsung Galaxy S9 and S9+ rumor review: Specs, design, features, price and release date. Sony presents Xperia XZ2 and XZ2 Compact: new design and Snapdragon 845. Galaxy S9 Exynos edition gets benchmarked against rivals!. Galaxy S9 first camera comparison vs iPhone X, V30, S8. Samsung Galaxy S9 & S9+ hands-on. MWC 2018: top smartphones to expect. Best smartphone you can buy in 2018. Allo is a quality app, but Google isn't giving it a real chance. All content (phone reviews, news, specs, info), design and layouts are Copyright 2001-2018 phoneArena.com. Reproduction in whole or in part or in any form or medium without written permission is prohibited! Privacy. 
Compare Cell Phone Plans Prepaid Plans Reviews Carrier Reviews Cell Phone Reviews Guides & Advice Get out of contract How much data do I need? 15 Ways to Lower Your Bill All Articles & Guides Discuss Q&A Forum. Compare Credit Cards All Cards Rewards Cash Back Travel Balance Transfer Low Interest Zero Percent Business Student Secured. Mobile Cell Phones Tablets e-Readers Bluetooth Headsets USB Car Chargers USB Charging Stations FM Transmitters Battery Packs Bluetooth Trackers AUDIO / VIDEO Airplay Speakers Bluetooth Speakers Smart Speakers Bluetooth Headphones Headphones Media Streamers. CAMERAS Action Cameras 360 Degree Cameras WEARABLES Smartwatches Fitness Trackers. Community Join (Free Membership) Login About Us Informr Score Newsletter. The Lenovo A Plus currently has an Informr score of 10 out of 10.. This score is based on our evaluation of 1. sources including reviews from users and the web's most trusted critics.. Lenovo released the A Plus on October 11, 2016.. Where can I download the A Plus manual?. We've got you covered! Download a free PDF copy of the Lenovo A Plus user manual here .. How long is the warranty period?. Lenovo backs up the A Plus with a 1 Year parts & labour warranty.. Where can should I go for support, replacement or repairs?. If your A Plus has problems and is still within its warranty period, you could contact Lenovo support or the retailer you purchased the phone from. You'll find Lenovo's contact information here. If your phone is off warranty and needs repair for a physical problem such as a broken screen or bad battery, you should visit an authorized service centre or a local phone repair shop. You can also connect with others in The Informr Community Forum to find and share answers to questions.. 1 Where to find Lenovo A Plus replacement battery?. 1 How do I wake up my Lenovo A Plus?. Maybe one of your friends will find this review helpful? Please help us spread the word.. The Lenovo A Plus's screen size is 4.5 inches with 480 x 854 pixels resolution.. There is a MediaTek MT6580 Quad core 1.3 GHz processor (CPU).. The phone runs on the Android 5.1 Lollipop operating system (OS).. You can take photos or capture video with the phone's onboard 5+ megapixel camera.. There is also a secondary front facing camera with 2+ megapixels resolution.. An external, MicroSD, MicroSDHC (up to 32 GB) expansion slot is available for increased storage capacity.. The phone is powered by a Lithium-Ion (Li-Ion), 2000 mAh battery. Lenovo 's performance ratings are 16 days standby time, 1 minutes.. MediaTek MT6580 Quad core 1.3 GHz. Head: 0.725 W/kg Body: 0.975 W/kg. Dimensions [H x W x D]. 13.3 x 6.6 x 1.0 cm (5.2 x 2.6 x 0.4 in). MicroSD, MicroSDHC (up to 32 GB). 3GP / 3GPP, H.264 / AVC, MPEG-4. MIDI, MP3, MP4, eAAC+, AAC+, AAC, WMA, WAV, M4A. 3GP / 3GPP, H.264 / AVC, MPEG-4. Other Names (AKA): Lenovo A+. Quick Start Guide (PDF) Manual (PDF) Lenovo A Plus Reviews Where to buy Lenovo A Plus. GSM: 850/900/1800/1900 MHz. LTE Data: GPRS, EDGE, HSUPA, HSPA+, LTE. Help inform others by sharing your experience with Lenovo A Plus. my phone is operating itself what can i do and it is stucked suddenly. is very good battery backup is less. How To Hard reset Lenovo A PLus A1010a20. Lenovo A plus ( A1010a20 ) Unboxing & Review. Lenovo A Plus & Vibe P2 - Everything you need to know!. Lenovo A Plus & Lenovo P2 smartPhone Features || Price & Full Specification Revealed. Bypass FRP Google Account For Lenovo A Plus A1010a20 (Using Sp tool) - 2017. Lenovo Introduced the mid-range Phones Lenovo A Plus | Lenovo P2 Only My Opinions. Lenovo A Plus A1010a20 Android Quad Core 8GB. Lenovo A Plus, Lenovo P2 Smartphones Launched at IFA 2016. Lenovo A Plus mobile ke inboxing urdu. Lenovo A Plus official: latter gets 5.5" FHD .... About Us Contact Advertise Privacy Terms. We want you to know that The Informr is an independent resource. you with the most accurate information and keep things up to date, prices and terms of products. We encourage you to always do your own research and double check the. Using the information on this site is at your own risk and without warranty.. You should also know that in some cases, we may receive compensation when you click on links or. purchase through links on this site. This is at no extra cost to you. business and keep the service free for everyone. 
more ... more .... more ... more .... Dimensions 5.24 x 2.60 x 0.39 inches (133 x 66 x 9.9 mm). Weight 5.15 oz (146 g) the average is 5.6 oz (159 g). Resolution 480 x 854 pixels. Features Ambient light sensor, Proximity sensor. Pixel density - The pixel density of a display represents the number of pixels over an area of one inch. It’s measured in “pixels per inch”, or ppi. The higher the number, the more detailed and good-looking the display is.. Screen-to-body ratio - Shows what part of the frontal area of a phone its screen occupies.. System chip - Most modern handsets use an advanced chip that includes many of the device’s hardware modules like the processor, Wi-Fi, Bluetooth and sometimes even the wireless radio. This field shows what particular system chip (or System-on-a-Chip) is used in the phone.. Processor - The processor is the main computing component of a phone and is a major factor when it comes to the overall speed of the device. Some more powerful smartphones use dual-core and quad-core processors designed to deliver greater performance.. Graphics processor - The graphics processor is important for the smooth operation of the system and especially in games and other applications that may involve complex graphics and animations.. System memory - System memory, or RAM memory is the type of memory that the device uses to temporarily store data from the OS or currently-running apps. The more RAM available to the device, the better the performance will be when multiple or heavier programs are running.. Built-in storage - Bigger storage capacity allows you to keep more content saved onto your device, such as more applications, photos or video. Games and video content typically take up the biggest amount of storage space.. Storage expansion - Some handsets allow you to expand their storage capacity by using a memory expansion card – most often microSD. Expansion memory is mostly suitable for media storage, such as photo, video or music content.. Talk time 12.00 hours the average is 20 h (1229 min). Stand-by time 16.0 days (384 hours) the average is 21 days (502 h). Capacity - The bigger, the better! However, battery capacity is not the only factor that has an effect on battery life. Those include the chipset in use, the software running on the device, as well as the consumer's unique usage pattern.. Filter by Album, Artist, Genre, Playlists. Features Album art cover, Background playback. GSM 850, 900, 1800, 1900 MHz. UMTS 850, 900, 1900, 2100 MHz. Data LTE Cat 4 (150/50 Mbit/s), HSDPA+ (4G) 21.1 Mbit/s, HSUPA 5.76 Mbit/s. Other features Voice dialing, Voice commands, Voice recording. Features Mass storage device, USB charging. Other Tethering, Computer sync, OTA sync. Positioning - This field shows the positioning systems supported by the device. The most common types are GPS and A-GPS.. GPS - This is one of the most widespread global positioning technologies, developed and maintained by the U.S. It uses satellites in order to detect your location. A-GPS - A-GPS stands for Assisted GPS and is the industry standard for positioning and navigation. “Assisted” means that it can use local wireless networks, in addition to satellites, for quicker and more precise localization.. To see the full specifications with in-depth details click here.. Samsung Galaxy A8 (2018) Review 6.5. Sony Xperia XA2 and Xperia XA2 Ultra Review 7.8. Huawei Mate 10 Lite Review 8. Jabra Elite 65t wireless earphones Review 8.5. Samsung Galaxy Note 3 vs Samsung Galaxy Note 2. LG V30 Review 8.8. The Samsung Galaxy S9 and S9+ have game-changing cameras with variable aperture and 960fps slow-mo video recording. The Big Barcelona Camera Comparison: iPhone X vs Pixel 2 XL vs Note 8. Samsung Galaxy S9 and S9+ rumor review: Specs, design, features, price and release date. Sony presents Xperia XZ2 and XZ2 Compact: new design and Snapdragon 845. Galaxy S9 Exynos edition gets benchmarked against rivals!. Galaxy S9 first camera comparison vs iPhone X, V30, S8. Samsung Galaxy S9 & S9+ hands-on. MWC 2018: top smartphones to expect. Best smartphone you can buy in 2018. Allo is a quality app, but Google isn't giving it a real chance. All content (phone reviews, news, specs, info), design and layouts are Copyright 2001-2018 phoneArena.com. Reproduction in whole or in part or in any form or medium without written permission is prohibited! Privacy. 
We use cookies and similar technologies (“cookies”) to help give you the best experience on our site and to show you relevant advertising. If you continue to use this site, we’ll assume that you’re happy to receive all cookies.. We use cookies and similar technologies (“cookies”) to help give you the best experience on our site and to show you relevant advertising. If you continue to use this site, we’ll assume that you’re happy to receive all cookies.. Small Screen TVs (19" to 26"). Medium Screen TVs (27'' to 38''). Large Screen TVs (39'' to 49''). Extra Large Screen TVs (50'' and above). Tesco Mobile Pay As You Go Phones. Smart Speakers & Multi Room Speakers. Sat Nav, GPS & Fitness Trackers. Small Screen TVs (19" to 26"). Medium Screen TVs (27'' to 38''). Large Screen TVs (39'' to 49''). Extra Large Screen TVs (50'' and above). Sideboards, Display Cabinets & Console Tables. Sideboards, Display Cabinets & Console Tables. See All Garden & Conservatory Furniture. See All Garden Buildings & Storage Structures. See All BBQs, Charcoal & Patio Heaters. See All Fence Panels, Fencing & Landscaping. Lawn Mowers & Garden Power Tools. See All Lawn Mowers & Garden Power Tools. See All Garden Hand Tools & Wheelbarrows. See All Planting, Growing & Watering. See All Outdoor Lighting & Décor. See All Pets Wildlife & Care. Trend: Jeans And A Nice Top. See All Women's Shoes & Sandals. See All Women's Nightwear & Slippers. See All Men's Shoes & Accessories. 2 for £25 on Selected Chinos. 2 for £25 on Selected Oxford Shirts. 2 for £8 on Selected T-Shirts. Baby & Kids' Clothing & Shoes. See All Baby & Kids' Clothing & Shoes. See All Baby Clothing & Shoes. See All Boys' Clothing & Shoes. See All Girls' Clothing & Shoes. Baby Monitors, Stair Gates & Safety. See All Nursery Furniture & Bedding. See All Car Seats & Baby Travel. See All Baby & Toddler Toys. Baby Monitors, Stair Gates & Safety. See All Baby Monitors, Stair Gates & Safety. Star Wars Action Figures & Playsets. All Fancy Dress & Pretend Play. All Toy Cars, Trains & Planes. See All Fitness Equipment & Machinery. See All Car, Motoring & Travel. See All Car Roof Boxes & Bars. See All Gift Wrap & Greeting Cards. Tesco Clubcard collect 1 point for every £1 you spend. Free deliveries for a month. Tesco Mobile Lenovo A Plus Black. We no longer sell this product.. Make sure you're there to give Mum her perfect present from Tesco direct. Android 5.1 Lollipop 4.5-inch touchscreen Quad-core processor. All our customers get Home From Home automatically from 15 June 2017. You don't need to do anything, just use your phone as normal.. It's the same compact and affordable Lenovo A smartphone, but with a bigger screen and larger battery. A stunning 4.5-inch touchscreen delivers clean, clear images and is easy to use.. Whether you are taking stunning selfies or pictures of your friends, the Lenovo A PLUS has a 5-megapixel rear camera and 2MP front camera that is ready when you are. With a powerful quad-core processor and Android 5.1 Lollipop operating system, this phone will be able to run all of your apps with ease. The internal 8GB internal memory can be boosted up to 32GB using the microSD slot, so you won’t have to delete any of your photos or messages to free up space.. The Lenovo A PLUS also features a single micro SIM slot, and has all-day battery to keep you in touch no matter where you are. Could we improve this page? Please tell us. Take a look at our buying guide. We have a range of purchase credit cards to choose from. Brought to you by Tesco Bank.. Free deliveries for a month - Start your Free Trial. Tesco Partners - Our guarantee to you. Find out more about shopping with our Tesco Partners - protected by the Tesco Partner Guarantee. View all Pay as you go Phones. View search results for Lenovo Pay as you go Phones. Not found what you're looking for?. © Tesco.com 2018 All Rights Reserved. 
Home Shop MWC News Reviews Features Opinions Videos The Gadgets 360 Show Cell Guru Prime Tech Smartphone Reviews Tech and Gadget Reviews How-To Videos Video Game Reviews and Features Top Lists by Gadgets 360 Unboxing and Hands-On Videos Podcasts Compare Mobiles Phone Finder DEALS. Mobiles Tablets Apps Gaming Cameras PC/Laptops AUDIO/VIDEO How To Telecom Science INDIA INTERNET SOCIAL MEDIA WEARABLES हिंदी. Home Mobiles Mobiles News. Lenovo A Plus, Lenovo P2 Smartphones Launched at IFA 2016. Ketan Pratap , 03 September 2016. Share on Facebook Tweet Share Share Email Reddit Comment. Lenovo A Plus has been priced at EUR 69 (approximately Rs. Lenovo P2 has been priced at EUR 249 (approximately Rs. Both smartphones will initially be available in Europe. Apart from launching the K6 , K6 Power , and K6 Note smartphones, Lenovo at IFA 2016 in Berlin also revealed the new A Plus and P2 smartphones.. The Lenovo P2 has been priced at EUR 249 (approximately Rs. 18,500) while the Lenovo A Plus will be available at EUR 69 (approximately Rs. Both the handsets will be initially available in the European markets. The Lenovo P2 will start shipping in November while the A Plus will go on sale from this month.. For specifications, the Lenovo A Plus features a 4.5-inch FWVGA (480x854 pixels) display and is powered by a MediaTek MT6580 processor clocked at 1.3GHz. The handset comes with 1GB of RAM and packs 8GB of on-board storage which can be expanded via microSD card (up to 32GB). It sports a 5-megapixel rear camera with LED flash and also houses a 2-megapixel front camera. There is 2000mAh battery and the handset comes with dual-SIM support. Much like other A-series handsets, the biggest highlight of the Lenovo A Plus will be 4G with VoLTE support.. The Lenovo P2, on the other hand, is the successor to the battery-centric Lenovo P1 smartphone and packs a large 5100mAh battery. It features a 5.5-inch full-HD (1080x1920 pixels) Amoled display and is powered by a Snapdragon 625 processor coupled with 3GB of RAM. There is 32GB of storage which is further expandable via microSD card. Lenovo has announced that it will launch the 4GB of RAM with 64GB storage model of the Lenovo P2 in China.. There is a 13-megapixel rear camera with dual LED flash, Sony sensor and also packs a 5-megapixel front camera.. For the latest smartphone launches by Samsung, Nokia, Sony, Asus, and other MWC 2018 announcements, visit our MWC hub .. Design Display Software Performance Battery Life Camera Value for Money. Good Metal body feels premium Quick fingerprint scanner Fast charging support Great battery life Bad Feels heavy Hybrid SIM slot No scratch protection for display Low-quality bundled earphones. Read detailed Lenovo P2 review. Flipkart Pre-GST Sale on Mobile Phones Brings Down Lenovo K6 Power, Vibe K5 Note, Vibe K5 Plus, P2 Prices. Lenovo P2 Launched in India Starting Rs. 16,999: Release Date, Specifications, and More. Lenovo P2 India Launch Set for Today; Watch Live Stream. More Lenovo mobiles Lenovo mobiles price in India. Lenovo A Plus, Lenovo P2 Smartphones Launched at IFA 2016. More Lenovo mobiles Lenovo mobiles price in India. Further reading: IFA , IFA 2016 , Lenovo , Lenovo A Plus Price , Lenovo A Plus Specifications , Lenovo Mobiles , Lenovo P2 Price , Lenovo P2 Specifications , Mobiles. Ketan Pratap Email Ketan. Ketan Pratap covers daily news and rumours at Gadgets 360. He attended IIMC (Indian Institute of Mass Communication), majoring in English Journalism. Duke Nukem 3D: 20th Anniversary World Tour for PS4, Windows PC, and Xbox One Announced. Reliance Jio Phones: List of VoLTE Mobiles That Will Work on the Jio Network. Lenovo A Plus, Lenovo P2 Smartphones Launched at IFA 2016. Samsung Galaxy S9 और Galaxy S9+ स्मार्टफोन लॉन्च. Nokia 1 एंड्रॉयड गो स्मार्टफोन हुआ लॉन्च. LG V30S ThinQ के साथ MWC 2018 में एलजी ने दी दस्तक. Samsung Galaxy S9, Galaxy S9+ Launched: What's New?. Why Game of Thrones Creators Writing Star Wars Might Be a Bad, Bad Idea. Design by User Feedback? The Customer Isn't Always Right. PS4 Is a Best-Seller but Here Are 4 Reasons It's Far From Perfect. Metal Gear Survive Has a Hidden Message, This Is What It Could Mean Canon EOS 1500D, EOS 3000D Entry-Level DSLRs Launched in India BSNL Partners Nokia for Rollout of 4G VoLTE Services Sony Unveils Xperia Ear Duo to Answer Apple AirPods, Samsung Gear IconX Sony Xperia XZ2, Xperia XZ2 Compact With 18:9 Displays Launched at MWC Mi MIX 2S With Snapdragon 845 Confirmed by Xiaomi; Launching on March 27 Huawei Launches Windows Laptop and Android Tablet at MWC 2018 Samsung Galaxy S9, Galaxy S9+ Pre-Orders Now Open in India ZTE Tempo Go Is Its First Smartphone That Runs Android Oreo (Go Edition) Samsung's Foldable Smartphone Isn't a Gimmick, Claims CEO. Nokia 7 Plus Is an Android One Phone With Dual Rear Cameras, Zeiss Optics Samsung Galaxy S9, Galaxy S9+ With Improved Cameras, AR Emoji Launched Samsung Galaxy S9, Galaxy S9+ Pre-Orders Now Open in India Nokia 8110 4G Is a 'Slider' Feature Phone With Google, Facebook Apps Nokia 7 Plus vs Nokia 7 OnePlus 5, OnePlus 5T HD Content Streaming Issue Fixed, With a Catch Vodafone to Offer 4.5GB Data Per Day for 28 Days at Rs. 799: Report Sony Xperia XZ2, Xperia XZ2 Compact With 18:9 Displays Launched at MWC Nokia 8 Sirocco With Dual Cameras, Stainless Steel Frame Launched at MWC Sony Unveils Xperia Ear Duo to Answer Apple AirPods, Samsung Gear IconX. Sitemaps Archives Advertise About Us Feedback Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions Complaint Redressal Careers Contact Us RSS Ethics Gadgets Hindi. © Copyright Red Pixels Ventures Limited 2018. Fields marked with * are mandatory. 
The next video is starting stop. Want to watch this again later?. Sign in to add this video to a playlist.. Sign in to report inappropriate content.. Sign in to make your opinion count.. Sign in to make your opinion count.. The interactive transcript could not be loaded.. Rating is available when the video has been rented.. This feature is not available right now. Lenovo A Plus Hands On by FoneArena. http://www.fonearena.com/blog/ takes a hands on look at the Lenovo A Plus.. When autoplay is enabled, a suggested video will automatically play next.. Lenovo A plus ( A1010a20 ) Unboxing & Review. Top 5 BEST Budget Smartphones! (2016/2017). Lenovo A Plus & Vibe P2 - Everything you need to know!. Распаковка Lenovo A Plus A1010a20 White. Lenovo Z2 Plus : TOP 5 Problems After 3 Months !. مراجعه وفتح صندوق هاتف لينوفو اي بلس---review and unboxing phone lenovo a plus. Lenovo Vibe B, Vibe A Plus - How to INSERT/ REMOVE SIM Card and Memory SD Card / Tutorial. Lenovo C2 vs Lenovo B: Cheap Phones Comparison | Hands-on Video Review. Lenovo A Plus: análisis de un móvil Android ultra barato. How To Hard reset Lenovo A PLus A1010a20. 5 Unique Ways to Use Sensors on an Android Device. Sign in to add this to Watch Later. 
Enter the characters you see below. Sorry, we just need to make sure you're not a robot. For best results, please make sure your browser is accepting cookies.. Type the characters you see in this image:. 
Page of. Manual will be automatically added to "My Manuals". Manuals Brands Lenovo Manuals Cell Phone A PLUS A1010A20 Quick start manual Lenovo A PLUS A1010A20 Quick Start Manual. Related Manuals for Lenovo A PLUS A1010A20. Cell Phone Lenovo PHAB Plus PB1-770M Safety, Warranty & Quick Start Manual. Cell Phone Lenovo VIBE P1 Quick Start Manual. Cell Phone Lenovo VIBE P1 Quick Start Manual. Cell Phone Lenovo VIBE P1 Quick Start Manual. Cell Phone Lenovo VIBE P1 Quick Start Manual. Cell Phone Lenovo P780 User Manual. Cell Phone Lenovo P700i User Manual. Cell Phone Lenovo P770 User Manual. Wcdma digital mobile phone (56 pages). Cell Phone Lenovo P70 Quick Start Manual. Cell Phone Lenovo P70 Quick Start Manual. Cell Phone Lenovo P70 Quick Start Manual. Cell Phone Lenovo P70 Quick Start Manual. Cell Phone Lenovo Phab Plus Hardware Maintenance Manual. Cell Phone Lenovo P1A42 User Manual. Cell Phone Lenovo VIBE P1m SERIES Quick Start Manual. Summary of Contents for Lenovo A PLUS A1010A20. Page 7: Important Safety And Handling Information. Page 9: Service, Support, And Warranty Information. Page 10: Recycling And Environmental Information. Page 13: European Union Compliance Statement. Page 14: Speciï¬c Absorption Rate Information. Page 19: Chargement De La Batterie. Lenovo A PLUS Quick Start Guide Lenovo A1010a20 English/Français.... To access your User Guide, go to http://support.lenovo.com and follow the instructions on the screen. Legal notices Lenovo and the Lenovo logo are trademarks of Lenovo in the United States, other countries, or both. Other company, product, or service names may be trademarks or.... Contents First glance.................1 Preparing your smartphone ..........2 Charging the battery ............3 Important safety and handling information ......4 Service, support, and warranty information......6 Recycling and environmental information ......7 European Union compliance statement ......10 Speciﬁc Absorption Rate information ........11.... First glance Front-facing camera Receiver Volume buttons On/Off button Touch screen Back button Home button Multitask button Headset connector Micro USB connector Rear-facing camera Flash Speaker Microphone.... Preparing your smartphone You must insert the Micro-SIM card provided by your carrier to use cellular services. Set up your smartphone as shown. Insert the Micro-SIM card and the microSD card. Tip: Single SIM Insert the Micro-SIM card into SIM slot.. Charging Turning on or turning off your smartphone Turn on: Press and hold the On/Off button until the Lenovo logo appears. Turn off: Press and hold the On/Off button for a few seconds, then tap Power off. Your smartphone has a rechargeable battery. See the “Accessing your User Guide” section for details. Operating temperature Use the Lenovo Phone only in the temperature range of -10°C (14 °F) — 35°C (95 °F) to avoid damage. Plastic bag notice DANGER: Plastic bags can be dangerous. Keep plastic bags away from babies and children to avoid danger of suffocation.. Disposing according to local laws and regulations When the Lenovo Phone reaches the end of its useful life, do not crush, incinerate, immerse in water, or dispose of the Lenovo Phone in any manner contrary to local laws and regulations. Some internal parts contain substances that can explode, leak, or have an adverse environmental effect if disposed of incorrectly.. The following information describes the technical support that is available for your product, during the warranty period or throughout the life of your product. Refer to the Lenovo Limited Warranty for a full explanation of Lenovo warranty terms. Online technical support Online technical support is available during the lifetime of a product at: http://www.lenovo.com/support.... Lenovo encourages owners of information technology (IT) equipment to responsibly recycle their equipment when it is no longer needed. Lenovo offers a variety of programs and services to assist equipment owners in recycling their IT products. For information on recycling Lenovo products, go to http://www.lenovo.com/recycling.. Restriction of Hazardous Substances Directive (RoHS) European Union Lenovo products sold in the European Union, on or after 3 January 2013 meet the requirements of Directive 2011/65/EU on the restriction of the use of certain hazardous substances in electrical and electronic equipment (“RoHS recast”.... India RoHS compliant as per E-Waste (Management & Handling) Rules, 2011. Vietnam Lenovo products sold in Vietnam, on or after September 23, 2011, meet the requirements of the Vietnam Circular 30/2011/TT-BCT (“Vietnam RoHS”). Ukraine Turkey The Lenovo product meets the requirements of the Republic of Turkey Directive on the Restriction of the Use of Certain Hazardous Substances in Waste Electrical and Electronic Equipment (WEEE).. EU Council Radio and Telecommunications Terminal Equipment (R&TTE) Directive, 1999/5/EC. The Declaration of Conformity information is located in the Regulatory Notices, which you can download from the Lenovo Support Web site. See “Downloading publications” in this document for additional information.. Tests for SAR are conducted using standard operating positions with the device transmitting at its highest certiﬁed power level in all tested frequency bands. The highest SAR value for your Lenovo device when tested for use at the head and body is outlined as follows: Position.... Mentions légales Lenovo et le logo Lenovo sont des marques déposées de Lenovo aux États-Unis, et/ou dans d'autres pays. Les autres noms de sociétés, de produits ou de services peuvent être.... Sommaire Présentation ...............1 Préparation de votre smartphone ........2 Chargement de la batterie ..........3 Consignes de sécurité et de manipulation......4 Informations relatives à la maintenance, le support et la garantie...............6 Informations relatives à l'environnement et au recyclage ..7 Déclaration de conformité aux normes CE ......10 Informations sur le débit d'absorption spéciﬁque (DAS) ..11.... Présentation Caméra frontale Récepteur Boutons de réglage du volume Bouton Marche/Arrêt Écran tactile Bouton Précédent Bouton Accueil Bouton multitâche Connecteur de casque d'écoute Connecteur Caméra orientée Flash micro USB vers l'arrière Haut-parleur Microphone.... Préparation de votre smartphone Pour utiliser les services cellulaires, vous devez insérer la carte Micro SIM fournie par votre opérateur. Insérez la carte Micro SIM et la carte microSD. Astuce : Une carte SIM Insérez la carte Micro SIM.... Mise sous tension ou hors tension de votre smartphone Mise sous tension : maintenez le bouton Marche/Arrêt enfoncé jusqu'à ce que le logo Lenovo s'afﬁche. Mise hors tension : maintenez le bouton Marche/Arrêt enfoncé pendant quelques secondes, puis appuyez sur Éteindre.. Pour de plus amples informations, consultez la section « Accéder à votre Guide d'utilisation ». Température de fonctionnement Pour éviter de l'endommager, utilisez le téléphone Lenovo uniquement dans un environnement où la température est comprise entre -10°C (14°F) et 35°C (95°F).. Mise au rebut des éléments en respectant les lois et réglementations du pays Lorsque le téléphone Lenovo a atteint la ﬁn de sa durée de vie utile, ne pas l'écraser, l'incinérer, le jeter dans l'eau ou vous en débarrasser d'une façon qui pourrait aller à l'encontre des lois et des réglementations locales.. Vous pouvez afﬁcher la Garantie limitée Lenovo dans différentes langues sur ce site Web. Si vous ne pouvez pas afﬁcher la garantie Lenovo sur le site Web ou sur votre téléphone, contactez une agence ou un revendeur Lenovo près de chez vous pour obtenir une version imprimée de la garantie Lenovo.... Consigne de recyclage Lenovo Lenovo encourage les propriétaires de matériel informatique (IT) à recycler leur matériel dès lors que celui-ci n'est plus utilisé. Lenovo propose une gamme de programmes et services concernant le recyclage du matériel informatique. Pour plus d'informations sur le recyclage des produits Lenovo, consultez la page http://www.lenovo.com/recycling.. Pour en savoir plus sur la collecte et le traitement appropriés, rendez-vous à l'adresse suivante : http://www.lenovo.com/recycling.... 2011/65/EU relative à la limitation de l'utilisation de certaines substances dangereuses dans les équipements électriques et électroniques (« RoHS recast » ou « RoHS 2 »). Pour en savoir plus sur la politique de recyclage RoHS de Lenovo (RoHS), visitez : http://www.lenovo.com/social_responsibility/us/en/RoHS_Communication.pdf Inde RoHS compliant as per E-Waste (Management &.... Déclaration de conformité aux normes CE Conformité aux directives de l'Union européenne Contact UE : Lenovo, Einsteinova 21, 851 01 Bratislava, Slovaquie 2200 Conformité avec la directive R&TTE Ce produit est conforme aux exigences essentielles ainsi qu'aux autres dispositions applicables de la directive sur les équipements radio et équipements terminaux de télécommunication, directive.... à son niveau de puissance certiﬁé le plus élevé dans toutes les bandes de fréquences testées. La valeur DAS la plus élevée pour votre appareil Lenovo lors des tests d'utilisation au niveau de la tête et du corps est indiquée ci-dessous : Position Valeur DAS la plus élevée.... Hang Lang Aug 28, 2017 07:34:. Mats Ekarna Jul 21, 2017 06:02:. David Sanderson Jun 13, 2017 05:53:. How to use the mp3-player function?. Yes, that's all very nice, but how do you operate the phone. There is NOTHING in the box! Above tells you nothing except how to charge it up. By pressing 'print' button you will print only current page. To print the manual completely, please, download it.. Don't show me this message again.. Our app is now available on Google Play. Don't have an account? Sign up!. 
The next video is starting stop. Want to watch this again later?. Sign in to add this video to a playlist.. Sign in to report inappropriate content.. Sign in to make your opinion count.. Sign in to make your opinion count.. The interactive transcript could not be loaded.. Rating is available when the video has been rented.. This feature is not available right now. Цена и наличие (Россия) - https://goo.gl/iqErcH Цена и наличие (Украина) - https://goo.gl/izxNX9 Интересный канал про мобильные технологии!). When autoplay is enabled, a suggested video will automatically play next.. Lenovo A plus дешево и сердито. Lenovo a plus a1010a20 Обзор, отзывы. Обзорчик Lenovo A Plus A1010 a20. مراجعه وفتح صندوق هاتف لينوفو اي بلس---review and unboxing phone lenovo a plus. Смартфон Lenovo A Plus - бюджетное решение на базе MT6580. Samsung Galaxy J2 2018 vs Samsung Galaxy J3 2017. Lenovo A1000 недорогой телефон, но стоит ли его покупать?!. 15 СЕКРЕТНЫХ ФУНКЦИЙ ТЕЛЕФОНА, О КОТОРЫХ ВЫ НЕ ПОДОЗРЕВАЛИ. Lenovo A2010 4G LTE Android 5.1 Lollipop Обзор смартфона. Обзор Samsung Galaxy J2 Prime (G532F). Sign in to add this to Watch Later. 
Select the department you want to search in. Sign in Your Account Try Prime Your Lists Basket. Your Amazon.co.uk Today's Deals Gift Cards & Top Up Sell Help. Amazon.co.uk Today's Deals Warehouse Deals Outlet Subscribe & Save Vouchers Amazon Family Amazon Prime Amazon Pantry Prime Video Prime Student Mobile Apps Amazon Pickup Locations Amazon Assistant. 1-16 of 734 results for "lenovo a plus". See all results for lenovo a plus .. LENOVO A PLUS DUAL SIM - EU Spec - Unlocked (White). The Lenovo A Plus is a smartphone, equipped with a Quad Core processor .... Lenovo A Plus Smartphone - Black. The 4.5" Lenovo A Plus gives you all the essential single sim .... Lenovo TAB 4 10 Plus 10.1 inches IPS Tablet PC - (White) (Qualcomm MSM8953 2 GHz, 3 GB RAM, Android 7.0). Usually dispatched within 1 to 3 weeks. Lenovo TAB 4 8 Plus 8 inches IPS Tablet PC - (Aurora Black) (Qualcomm MSM8953 2 GHz, 3 GB RAM, Android 7.0). Usually dispatched within 1 to 3 weeks. Lenovo TAB 4 8 Plus 8 Inches IPS Tablet PC - (Sparkling White) (Qualcomm MSM8953 2 GHz, 3 GB RAM, Android 7.0). Usually dispatched within 1 to 3 weeks. Lenovo TAB 3 10 Plus FHD 10.1 inch Tablet (Slate Black) - MediaTek MT8161 Processor, 2 GB RAM, 16 GB eMMC Storage. Available to ship in 1-2 days. 16 GB eMMC Storage - The Lenovo Tab3 10 Plus is optimized to become .... Lenovo TAB 4 10 Plus 10.1 inches IPS Tablet PC - (Black) (Qualcomm MSM8953 2 GHz, 3 GB RAM, Android 7.0). Usually dispatched within 1 to 3 weeks. Lenovo TAB 4 10 Plus 10.1 inches IPS Tablet PC - (Black) (Qualcomm MSM8953 2 GHz, 4 GB RAM, Android 7.0). Only 6 left in stock - order soon.. Lenovo TAB 4 8 Plus 8 inches IPS Tablet PC - (Aurora Black) (Qualcomm MSM8953 2 GHz, 4 GB RAM, Android 7.0). Usually dispatched within 1 to 4 weeks. Lenovo YOGA Tab 3 Plus 10.01-Inch Tablet - (Puma Black) (Qualcomm QC SNAPDRAGON 652 1.8 GHz, 3 GB RAM, 32 GB eMMC, Android 6.0). Usually dispatched within 1 to 2 months. Lenovo YT-X703F 10.1INCH 652 TO 1.8GHZ.The YOGA Tab 3 Plus makes the .... Lenovo TAB3 10 Plus 25,65 cm (10,1") Tablet TB3-X70F Full HD IPS-Display, Quad-Core, 2GB RAM, 32GB Flash, Android 6.0. See newer model of this item. Box contents: Lenovo Tab3. Lenovo Touch Flip Cover for Motorola Moto G5 Plus - Grey. Only 15 left in stock - order soon.. Lenovo Tablet PC (NVIDIA, Android 7.0) black black 4 gb ram. Lenovo Moto C Plus Dual Sim – Smartphone (12,7 cm (5), 1280 x 720 pixels, Flat, Multi-Touch, 1.3 GHz, MEDIATEK). Only 3 left in stock - order soon.. Lenovo Tablet Case, Tab 4 Plus 8" HD Kids Tablet Case with Blue Light Filter, Light Blue, ZG38C01711. stickers, compatible with Lenovo Tab 4 8 Plus ; 30 day warranty .... Lenovo TAB 4 10 Plus 10.1 inches IPS Tablet PC - (White) (Qualcomm MSM8953 2 GHz, 4 GB RAM, Android 7.0). Only 2 left in stock - order soon.. Kindle Fire HD 7" (Previous Generation). 4 Stars & Up & Up. 3 Stars & Up & Up. 2 Stars & Up & Up. 1 Star & Up & Up. Nasal Aspirator & Ear Syringe Sets. Prime members enjoy fast & free shipping, unlimited streaming of movies and TV shows with Prime Video and many more exclusive benefits.. There's a problem loading this menu at the moment.. Careers About Us UK Modern Slavery Statement Sell on Amazon Sell on Amazon Business Associates Programme Fulfilment by Amazon Advertise Your Products Independently Publish with Us Amazon Pay Become an Amazon Vendor › See all Amazon Platinum Mastercard Amazon Classic Mastercard Amazon Money Store Gift Cards Amazon Currency Converter Payment Methods Help Shop with Points Top Up Your Account Track Packages or View Orders Delivery Rates & Policies Amazon Prime Returns & Replacements Manage Your Content and Devices Amazon Mobile App Amazon Assistant Help. Australia Brazil Canada China France Germany India Italy Japan Mexico Netherlands Spain United States. Amazon Music Stream millions of songs. AbeBooks Books, art & collectables. ACX Audiobook Publishing Made Easy. Amazon Web Services Scalable Cloud Computing Services. Audible Download Audio Books. Book Depository Books With Free Delivery Worldwide. DPReview Digital Photography. Goodreads Book reviews & recommendations. IMDb Movies, TV & Celebrities. Junglee.com Shop Online in India. Kindle Direct Publishing Indie Digital Publishing Made Easy. Prime Now 2-Hour Delivery on Everyday Essentials. Shopbop Designer Fashion Brands. Yoyo.com A Happy Place To Shop For Toys. Souq.com Shop Online in the Middle East. Warehouse Deals Deep Discounts Open-Box Products. Amazon Business Service for business customers. Whole Foods Market We Believe in Real Food. Conditions of Use & Sale Privacy Notice Cookies & Internet Advertising © 1996-2018, Amazon.com, Inc. 
Our new search experience requires JavaScript to be enabled. Please enable JavaScript on your browser , then try again .. All Categories Antiques Art Baby Books Business & Industrial Cameras & Photo Cell Phones & Accessories Clothing, Shoes & Accessories Coins & Paper Money Collectibles Computers/Tablets & Networking Consumer Electronics Crafts Dolls & Bears DVDs & Movies eBay Motors Entertainment Memorabilia Gift Cards & Coupons Health & Beauty Home & Garden Jewelry & Watches Music Musical Instruments & Gear Pet Supplies Pottery & Glass Real Estate Specialty Services Sporting Goods Sports Mem, Cards & Fan Shop Stamps Tickets & Experiences Toys & Hobbies Travel Video Games & Consoles Everything Else. Hi ( Sign in to bid or buy) Daily Deals Gift Cards Help & Contact Sell. Summary Recently Viewed Bids/Offers Watch List Purchase History Selling Saved Searches Saved Sellers Messages. Refine your search for Lenovo A Plus. All Listings - Current page. Quickly compare offers in our new grouped view. results for Lenovo A Plus. Save Lenovo A Plus to get e-mail alerts and updates on your eBay Feed.. Unfollow Lenovo A Plus to stop getting updates on your eBay Feed.. You'll receive email and Feed alerts when new items arrive. Afghanistan - AFG Albania - ALB Algeria - DZA American Samoa - ASM Andorra - AND Angola - AGO Anguilla - AIA Antigua and Barbuda - ATG Argentina - ARG Armenia - ARM Aruba - ABW Australia - AUS Austria - AUT Azerbaijan Republic - AZE Bahamas - BHS Bahrain - BHR Bangladesh - BGD Barbados - BRB Belarus - BLR Belgium - BEL Belize - BLZ Benin - BEN Bermuda - BMU Bhutan - BTN Bolivia - BOL Bosnia and Herzegovina - BIH Botswana - BWA Brazil - BRA British Virgin Islands - VGB Brunei Darussalam - BRN Bulgaria - BGR Burkina Faso - BFA Burma - MMR Burundi - BDI Cambodia - KHM Cameroon - CMR Canada - CAN Cape Verde Islands - CPV Cayman Islands - CYM Central African Republic - CAF Chad - TCD Chile - CHL China - CHN Colombia - COL Comoros - COM Congo, Democratic Republic of the - COD Congo, Republic of the - COG Cook Islands - COK Costa Rica - CRI Cote d Ivoire (Ivory Coast) - CIV Croatia, Republic of - HRV Cyprus - CYP Czech Republic - CZE Denmark - DNK Djibouti - DJI Dominica - DMA Dominican Republic - DOM Ecuador - ECU Egypt - EGY El Salvador - SLV Equatorial Guinea - GNQ Eritrea - ERI Estonia - EST Ethiopia - ETH Falkland Islands (Islas Malvinas) - FLK Fiji - FJI Finland - FIN France - FRA French Guiana - GUF French Polynesia - PYF Gabon Republic - GAB Gambia - GMB Georgia - GEO Germany - DEU Ghana - GHA Gibraltar - GIB Greece - GRC Greenland - GRL Grenada - GRD Guadeloupe - GLP Guam - GUM Guatemala - GTM Guernsey - GGY Guinea - GIN Guinea-Bissau - GNB Guyana - GUY Haiti - HTI Honduras - HND Hong Kong - HKG Hungary - HUN Iceland - ISL India - IND Indonesia - IDN Ireland - IRL Israel - ISR Italy - ITA Jamaica - JAM Japan - JPN Jersey - JEY Jordan - JOR Kazakhstan - KAZ Kenya - KEN Kiribati - KIR Korea, South - KOR Kuwait - KWT Kyrgyzstan - KGZ Laos - LAO Latvia - LVA Lebanon - LBN Liechtenstein - LIE Lithuania - LTU Luxembourg - LUX Macau - MAC Macedonia - MKD Madagascar - MDG Malawi - MWI Malaysia - MYS Maldives - MDV Mali - MLI Malta - MLT Marshall Islands - MHL Martinique - MTQ Mauritania - MRT Mauritius - MUS Mayotte - MYT Mexico - MEX Micronesia - FSM Moldova - MDA Monaco - MCO Mongolia - MNG Montenegro - MNE Montserrat - MSR Morocco - MAR Mozambique - MOZ Namibia - NAM Nauru - NRU Nepal - NPL Netherlands - NLD Netherlands Antilles - ANT New Caledonia - NCL New Zealand - NZL Nicaragua - NIC Niger - NER Nigeria - NGA Niue - NIU Norway - NOR Oman - OMN Pakistan - PAK Palau - PLW Panama - PAN Papua New Guinea - PNG Paraguay - PRY Peru - PER Philippines - PHL Poland - POL Portugal - PRT Puerto Rico - PRI Qatar - QAT Reunion - REU Romania - ROU Russian Federation - RUS Rwanda - RWA Saint Helena - SHN Saint Kitts-Nevis - KNA Saint Lucia - LCA Saint Pierre and Miquelon - SPM Saint Vincent and the Grenadines - VCT San Marino - SMR Saudi Arabia - SAU Senegal - SEN Serbia - SRB Seychelles - SYC Sierra Leone - SLE Singapore - SGP Slovakia - SVK Slovenia - SVN Solomon Islands - SLB Somalia - SOM South Africa - ZAF Spain - ESP Sri Lanka - LKA Suriname - SUR Swaziland - SWZ Sweden - SWE Switzerland - CHE Taiwan - TWN Tajikistan - TJK Tanzania - TZA Thailand - THA Togo - TGO Tonga - TON Trinidad and Tobago - TTO Tunisia - TUN Turkey - TUR Turkmenistan - TKM Turks and Caicos Islands - TCA Tuvalu - TUV Uganda - UGA Ukraine - UKR United Arab Emirates - ARE United Kingdom - UK United States - USA Uruguay - URU Uzbekistan - UZB Vanuatu - VUT Vatican City State - VAT Venezuela - VEN Vietnam - VNM Virgin Islands (U.S) - VIR Wallis and Futuna - WLF Western Sahara - ESH Western Samoa - WSM Yemen - YEM Zambia - ZMB Zimbabwe - ZWE. For Lenovo A Plus A1010/Vibe C2 Power Case Cover Wallet Leather Flip Pouch Saver. For Lenovo A Plus A1000 A2010 A2020 Tempered Glass Screen Protector 100% Genuine. For Lenovo A 1010 A Plus Lenovo Vibe B A2016A40 PU Leather Wallet Case Cover. For Lenovo Phones Soft Case TPU Rubber Cover Back Clear Silicone Painted Skin. New Thin Tempered Glass Screen Protector Film Protection Cover For Lenovo Series. For Lenovo K5/K6/K8 Note Crocodile Slim Leather Skin Case Hard Shockproof Cover. Fr Lenovo K6/K5 Plus/A6020 HD Premium Screen Protector Tempered Glass Protective. Individuality Hybrid Rubber Armor Case Cover For Lenovo Vibe P1 P2 Phab2 Plus. For Lenovo A1010/Vibe B A2016 A1010 A20 A Plus A1010a20 A2016A40 TPU Case Cover. Credit Slot Wallet Flip Stand Leather TPU Skin Protector Case Cover For Lenovo. Tempered Glass Screen Protector Film 1PCS For Lenovo K6/K5 Plus/A6020/K3/ K4 PB1. For Huawei Alcatel Lenovo Stand Wallet Flip Leather TPU Matte Skin Case Cover. Rubber Shockproof Hybrid Rugged Cover Stand Case For Lenovo A2010/ A7010/ K5note. 2pcs Tempered Glass Screen Protector for Lenovo K3 K4 K5 Note/A7000 A6000/A6010. Flip Case for Lenovo Wallet Bag PU Leather Cover Card Holder Protector Cases. PU Leather PULL Cord TAB Pouch Bag skin Cover Case For Lenovo. Luxury Leather Wallet Cover Skin Book Flip Stand Case For Lenovo Series Phones. For Lenovo Ultra Thin Soft Cartoon Lovely Pattern Protective Silicone Case Cover. 150+ Model Clear Patterned Rubber TPU Skin Silicone Back Protector Case Cover. For Lenovo K5 Plus K3 Note X2 A1000 Screen Protector HD Tempered Glass Film PRI1. For Lenovo A2010/ A7010/ K5note Shockproof Hybrid Rugged Rubber Cover Stand Case. For Lenovo A6000/A6000+ Plus Clear Patterned Shockproof Rubber TPU Silicone Case. 9 new & refurbished from $2.99. For Lenovo A Plus A1010 (9 colors) Flip Cover Stand Wallet Leather Case Pouch. For Lenovo K6/K5 Plus/A6020 Anti Shatter Tempered Glass Screen Protector Film. More than 150 Phone Model Clear Soft TPU Rubber Silicone Back Case Cover Skin. For Lenovo A6010 / Lenovo A6000 Plus Protective Hard Case Stand Shockproof Cover. For Lenovo A1010 / A Plus Case Brushed Texture Rubber TPU Carbon Fiber Cover. 100% Real 9H Tempered Glass Screen Protector Film For Lenovo All Series Phone WK. Protective Hard Case Stand Shockproof Cover for Lenovo A6010 / Lenovo A6000 Plus. Cute Pattern Soft Silicone TPU Clear Hard Back Case Cover For iPhone 5 6 6s Plus. For Lenovo Huawei Case Cute Pattern Cover Clear Rubber Skin Soft TPU+IMD Back. Dynamic Liquid Glitter Quicksand Soft TPU Rubber Back Case Cover & neck strap #I. 3D Handmade Glitter Luxury Bling Diamond Soft TPU Gel Rubber Phone Cover Case #K. For Lenovo A Plus Gel Clear Rubber TPU Case Shell Soft Fashion Back Cover Skin. For Nokia Lenovo Classic TPU Soft Rubber Back Skin Gel Slim Silicone Case Cover. Bling Glitter Quicksand Hourglass Soft Back Phone Dynamic Cover Case & strap K. Rubber Slim Soft TPU Gel Clear Case Cover For Lenovo A536 K3 K5 A2010 S850. Hybrid Cartoon Pattern Rubber Soft TPU Silicone Case Cover Skin For Asus Huawei. purple spark twinkle Bling high impact Soft Plastic Cover Case For various phone. Pretty Ultra Slim Silicone Rubber Soft TPU Back Skin Cover Case For ZTE Alcatel. Rubber Pattern Soft TPU Silicone Back Case Cover for Apple iPhone 5 6 6s Plus SE. NEW Rhinestone Diamond Bling Jewelled Crystal Soft Gel Rubber Phone Case Cover K. #3 NEW Cartoon Flower Leather slots wallet pouch bag cover case with 2 straps C. TPU+ PC Armor Rugged Stand Back Case Cover For Lenovo A6010 / Lenovo A6000 Plus. Rubber Pattern Soft TPU Silicone Back Case Cover for Apple iPhone 5 6 6s Plus SE. Rubber Flip Card Clip Wallet Phone Leather Stand Skin Soft Case Cover For Lenovo. Pattern Silicone Soft TPU Rubber Protector Back Case Cover Skin For ZTE Alcatel. Fashion For Lenovo A Plus A1010 Flip Cover Stand Wallet PU Leather Case Pouch. Bling Glitter Lip Quicksand goblet Soft Back Phone Dynamic Liquid Case & strap K. 150+ Model Clear Pattern Soft TPU Rubber Clear Silicone Gel Back Skin Case Cover. A1000 Vibe A Plus C C2 K3 K5 K6 K8 Note P1 P1m P2 etc. eBay determines this price through a machine learned model of the product's sale prices within the last 90 days.. eBay determines trending price through a machine learned model of the product’s sale prices within the last 90 days. "New" refers to a brand-new, unused, unopened, undamaged item, and "Used" refers to an item that has been used previously.. Top Rated Plus Sellers with highest buyer ratings Returns, money back Ships in a business day with tracking Learn More. Top Rated Plus Sellers with highest buyer ratings Returns, money back Ships in a business day with tracking Learn More. Cell Phones, Smart Watches & Accessories. Cell Phone Cases, Covers & Skins. $ Enter minimum price to $ Enter maximum price. Please enter a minimum and/or maximum price before continuing.. Site Map Copyright © 1995-2018 eBay Inc. Accessibility , User Agreement , Privacy , Cookies and AdChoice Norton Secured - powered by Verisign. Amounts shown in italicized text are for items listed in currency other than U.S. dollars and are approximate conversions to U.S. dollars based upon Bloomberg's conversion rates. For more recent exchange rates, please use the Universal Currency Converter. Number of bids and bid amounts may be slightly out of date. See each listing for international shipping options and costs.. 
Looks like you really like Pricena! To continue browsing we need to make sure you are human :) Just check the box below and you're good to go.. If this doesn't work, please get in touch with us on info[at]pricena.com.. 
Find a Local Authorized Service Provider. Find a Local Authorized Service Provider. A7010 / VIBE K4 Note / VIBE A7010 (A7010a48) Smartphone. K3 Note / A7000 Turbo (K50a40) Smartphone. K5 (A6020a40, A6020a41, A6020l36, A6020l37) Smartphone. K6 / K6 Power (K33a48, K33a42) Smartphone. Lenovo A6600 / A6600 Plus (A6600a40) Smartphone. Lenovo B / VIBE B (A2016a40, A2016b30, A2016b31) Smartphone. Lenovo K6 / VIBE K6 / Lenovo K6 Power (K33a42, K33a48). Lenovo K6 Note / VIBE K6 (K53a48, K53b36) Note. VIBE A / Lenovo A (A1000m). VIBE C2 / C2 / C2 POWER (K10a40) Smartphone. VIBE K4 Note / VIBE A7010 (A7010a48). VIBE K5 / K5 (A6020a40, A6020a41, A6020l36, A6020l37) Smartphone. VIBE K5 Note (A7020a40, A7020a48) Smartphone. VIBE K5 Plus / K5 Plus (A6020a46) Smartphone. 
Russian English Spanish French Portugues Italian. Contacts Facebook Twitter YouTube. menu Deals Reviews Delivery and warranty Feedbacks Help?. Lenovo A Plus Review: specifications, User opinions, photos Description Lenovo A Plus See all discounted products. $259 .99 ( € 214.54). $259 .99 ( € 214.54). 5.2" (1920x1080) Gorilla glass / Snapdragon 630 / 4Gb / 64GB / 16Mp / 3000mAh. $555 .14 ( € 458.09). 4.7" (1334x750) Glass / A10 Fusion / 2Gb / 32GB / 12Mp / 1950mAh. $88 .99 ( € 73.43). 5.2" (1280x720) Curved Glass / MT6737 / 2Gb / 16GB / 13Mp Samsung S5K3M2 / 3080mAh. Index Reviews Lenovo A Plus smartphone review. Lenovo A Plus Specifications ` Photos / Pictures Lenovo A Plus Performance Lenovo A Plus Video review Lenovo A Plus Will be later Official site Lenovo A Plus Firmware Lenovo A Plus Publication date: 2016-09-08 Now we do not have stock for this smartphone, but there are similar products which you can buy at a discount, for example:. Lenovo A Plus - greetings from distant 2013th. The Chinese company Lenovo is alternately distressing and pleasing its fans. The excellent X3-series, the recently released K6-line - the company can really be proud of such smartphones. However, quite controversial models also come out from a conveyor of the company. The hero of this review, for example, is unlikely to become a bestseller. And there are too many reasons for that statement.. While having a display diagonal in 4 and a half inches the dimensions of the phone are almost catching up with those of the 5-inch ( 133x66x9.9mm ). Of course, the minimum screen bezels and a small thickness of the body do not present here, as well as a fingerprint scanner and a different kind of technological innovations. On the other hand, the set IPS -panel almost does not distort the image at angles and is characterized by good brightness. The novelty can be used in direct sunlight.. The archaic resolution of 854x480 at least does not add sharpness, but it helps the processor Mediatek MT6580, 1GB of RAM and a graphics adapter Mali400MP2 cope with modern games. 8GB of ROM can be extended by MicroSD cards up to 32GB, that should be enough for the most of users.. There are some claims also to cameras. 5 and 2-megapixel modules, based on the price direction of the device, look weak and uncompetitive. However, we should thank the manufacturer for the preservation of an autofocus in the main photo module, or even shooting the text would be a Herculean task. The 2000mAh battery provides about 4-6 hours of screen time activities, which will include the 3G-surfing. Thus, the device looks outdated even for budget models and will suit only the most undemanding customers.. Buy Lenovo A Plus on Aliexprss. With the help of our service you can get best price and discount on this phone. If you whant see all deals click click here.. Performance The result of Antutu Benchmark is about 24000 points. Compare to the other models here. Smartphones with 854x480 resolution see click here. Smartphones with Mediatek MT6580 1,3GHz CPU see click here. CPU Architecture 4 cores ARM Cortex-A7 1,3 GHz. Smartphones with 1Gb RAM see click here. External memory MicroSD (TF), support of card up to 32Gb. Smartphones with 5Mp camera see click here. Frequency 2G (GSM): 850 / 900 / 1800 / 1900 MHz 3G (WCDMA): 850 / 900 / 2100 MHz. Sim cards 1 slot: microSIM, 2 slot: microSIM. Smartphones with 1000-2000mAh battaries see click here. Light sensor No data. Headphone jack No data. Dimensions 133 x 66 x 9.9mm. The result of Antutu Benchmark is about 24000 points. -- Author: Andy Ray. $259 .99 (€214.54). Lightinthebox 5.2" (1920x1080) Gorilla glass / Snapdragon 630 / 4Gb / 64GB / 16Mp / 3000mAh Colors: black. Rate this page: 1 - 5. The information on this web site is not guaranteed. Unite4buy.com is not responsible for inaccuracies, omissions or any other error in the information. Any warranties regarding this information are disclaimed. Total or partial reproduction of this site is prohibited in any manner without prior written permission. The trademarks, logos and device manufacturers, software, etc. are the property of their respective owners.. The use and copying of text is allowed when referring to a source (a link to the main page or a review page, a link without the rel = nofollow attribute in the a href tag).. 
Our new search experience requires JavaScript to be enabled. Please enable JavaScript on your browser , then try again .. All Categories Antiques Art Baby Books Business & Industrial Cameras & Photo Cell Phones & Accessories Clothing, Shoes & Accessories Coins & Paper Money Collectibles Computers/Tablets & Networking Consumer Electronics Crafts Dolls & Bears DVDs & Movies eBay Motors Entertainment Memorabilia Gift Cards & Coupons Health & Beauty Home & Garden Jewelry & Watches Music Musical Instruments & Gear Pet Supplies Pottery & Glass Real Estate Specialty Services Sporting Goods Sports Mem, Cards & Fan Shop Stamps Tickets & Experiences Toys & Hobbies Travel Video Games & Consoles Everything Else. Hi ( Sign in to bid or buy) Daily Deals Gift Cards Help & Contact Sell. Summary Recently Viewed Bids/Offers Watch List Purchase History Selling Saved Searches Saved Sellers Messages. Refine your search for lenovo a plus case. All Listings - Current page. Quickly compare offers in our new grouped view. results for lenovo a plus case. Save lenovo a plus case to get e-mail alerts and updates on your eBay Feed.. Unfollow lenovo a plus case to stop getting updates on your eBay Feed.. You'll receive email and Feed alerts when new items arrive. Afghanistan - AFG Albania - ALB Algeria - DZA American Samoa - ASM Andorra - AND Angola - AGO Anguilla - AIA Antigua and Barbuda - ATG Argentina - ARG Armenia - ARM Aruba - ABW Australia - AUS Austria - AUT Azerbaijan Republic - AZE Bahamas - BHS Bahrain - BHR Bangladesh - BGD Barbados - BRB Belarus - BLR Belgium - BEL Belize - BLZ Benin - BEN Bermuda - BMU Bhutan - BTN Bolivia - BOL Bosnia and Herzegovina - BIH Botswana - BWA Brazil - BRA British Virgin Islands - VGB Brunei Darussalam - BRN Bulgaria - BGR Burkina Faso - BFA Burma - MMR Burundi - BDI Cambodia - KHM Cameroon - CMR Canada - CAN Cape Verde Islands - CPV Cayman Islands - CYM Central African Republic - CAF Chad - TCD Chile - CHL China - CHN Colombia - COL Comoros - COM Congo, Democratic Republic of the - COD Congo, Republic of the - COG Cook Islands - COK Costa Rica - CRI Cote d Ivoire (Ivory Coast) - CIV Croatia, Republic of - HRV Cyprus - CYP Czech Republic - CZE Denmark - DNK Djibouti - DJI Dominica - DMA Dominican Republic - DOM Ecuador - ECU Egypt - EGY El Salvador - SLV Equatorial Guinea - GNQ Eritrea - ERI Estonia - EST Ethiopia - ETH Falkland Islands (Islas Malvinas) - FLK Fiji - FJI Finland - FIN France - FRA French Guiana - GUF French Polynesia - PYF Gabon Republic - GAB Gambia - GMB Georgia - GEO Germany - DEU Ghana - GHA Gibraltar - GIB Greece - GRC Greenland - GRL Grenada - GRD Guadeloupe - GLP Guam - GUM Guatemala - GTM Guernsey - GGY Guinea - GIN Guinea-Bissau - GNB Guyana - GUY Haiti - HTI Honduras - HND Hong Kong - HKG Hungary - HUN Iceland - ISL India - IND Indonesia - IDN Ireland - IRL Israel - ISR Italy - ITA Jamaica - JAM Japan - JPN Jersey - JEY Jordan - JOR Kazakhstan - KAZ Kenya - KEN Kiribati - KIR Korea, South - KOR Kuwait - KWT Kyrgyzstan - KGZ Laos - LAO Latvia - LVA Lebanon - LBN Liechtenstein - LIE Lithuania - LTU Luxembourg - LUX Macau - MAC Macedonia - MKD Madagascar - MDG Malawi - MWI Malaysia - MYS Maldives - MDV Mali - MLI Malta - MLT Marshall Islands - MHL Martinique - MTQ Mauritania - MRT Mauritius - MUS Mayotte - MYT Mexico - MEX Micronesia - FSM Moldova - MDA Monaco - MCO Mongolia - MNG Montenegro - MNE Montserrat - MSR Morocco - MAR Mozambique - MOZ Namibia - NAM Nauru - NRU Nepal - NPL Netherlands - NLD Netherlands Antilles - ANT New Caledonia - NCL New Zealand - NZL Nicaragua - NIC Niger - NER Nigeria - NGA Niue - NIU Norway - NOR Oman - OMN Pakistan - PAK Palau - PLW Panama - PAN Papua New Guinea - PNG Paraguay - PRY Peru - PER Philippines - PHL Poland - POL Portugal - PRT Puerto Rico - PRI Qatar - QAT Reunion - REU Romania - ROU Russian Federation - RUS Rwanda - RWA Saint Helena - SHN Saint Kitts-Nevis - KNA Saint Lucia - LCA Saint Pierre and Miquelon - SPM Saint Vincent and the Grenadines - VCT San Marino - SMR Saudi Arabia - SAU Senegal - SEN Serbia - SRB Seychelles - SYC Sierra Leone - SLE Singapore - SGP Slovakia - SVK Slovenia - SVN Solomon Islands - SLB Somalia - SOM South Africa - ZAF Spain - ESP Sri Lanka - LKA Suriname - SUR Swaziland - SWZ Sweden - SWE Switzerland - CHE Taiwan - TWN Tajikistan - TJK Tanzania - TZA Thailand - THA Togo - TGO Tonga - TON Trinidad and Tobago - TTO Tunisia - TUN Turkey - TUR Turkmenistan - TKM Turks and Caicos Islands - TCA Tuvalu - TUV Uganda - UGA Ukraine - UKR United Arab Emirates - ARE United Kingdom - UK United States - USA Uruguay - URU Uzbekistan - UZB Vanuatu - VUT Vatican City State - VAT Venezuela - VEN Vietnam - VNM Virgin Islands (U.S) - VIR Wallis and Futuna - WLF Western Sahara - ESH Western Samoa - WSM Yemen - YEM Zambia - ZMB Zimbabwe - ZWE. For Lenovo A Plus A1010/Vibe C2 Power Case Cover Wallet Leather Flip Pouch Saver. For Lenovo A 1010 A Plus Lenovo Vibe B A2016A40 PU Leather Wallet Case Cover. For Lenovo Phones Soft Case TPU Rubber Cover Back Clear Silicone Painted Skin. Individuality Hybrid Rubber Armor Case Cover For Lenovo Vibe P1 P2 Phab2 Plus. For Lenovo K5/K6/K8 Note Crocodile Slim Leather Skin Case Hard Shockproof Cover. For Lenovo A1010/Vibe B A2016 A1010 A20 A Plus A1010a20 A2016A40 TPU Case Cover. For Lenovo Huawei Case Cute Pattern Cover Clear Rubber Skin Soft TPU+IMD Back. New Patterned Card Holder Leather Stand Wallet Case Cover For iPhone 7 6 6s plus. Luxury Flip Wallet Stand Card Slot PU Leather+TPU Cover Case For Lenovo. For Lenovo Ultra Thin Soft Cartoon Lovely Pattern Protective Silicone Case Cover. For Lenovo New Designed Printing Rubber Gel Luxury Fashion Silicone Case Cover. Rubber Shockproof Hybrid Rugged Cover Stand Case For Lenovo A2010/ A7010/ K5note. Luxury Leather Wallet Cover Skin Book Flip Stand Case For Lenovo Series Phones. purple spark twinkle Bling high impact Soft Plastic Cover Case For various phone. For Lenovo A6000/A6000+ Plus Clear Patterned Shockproof Rubber TPU Silicone Case. 9 new & refurbished from $2.99. For Lenovo New Fashion Cartoon Luxury Gel Lovely Rubber Silicone Cover Case Skin. For Lenovo A2010/ A7010/ K5note Shockproof Hybrid Rugged Rubber Cover Stand Case. Womens Designed Rubber TPU Soft Silicone Protective Case Cover For ZTE Alcatel. For Lenovo Ultra Thin Soft Cartoon Lovely Pattern Embrossed Silicone Case Cover. For Lenovo A Plus A1010 (9 colors) Flip Cover Stand Wallet Leather Case Pouch. For Lenovo A1010 Case Classic Genuine PU Leather Wallet Card Slot Flip Cover. Cute Pattern Soft Silicone TPU Clear Hard Back Case Cover For iPhone 5 6 6s Plus. For Lenovo A6010 / Lenovo A6000 Plus Protective Hard Case Stand Shockproof Cover. Womens Patterned Rubber Gel Silicone Soft TPU Case Cover Back Skin For BQ Meizu. For Lenovo A1010 / A Plus Case Brushed Texture Rubber TPU Carbon Fiber Cover. For Lenovo Embrossed Printing Rubber Gel Luxury Fashion Silicone Back Case Cover. High Quality PU Leather Stand Case Flip Leather Cover Fr Lenovo Full Protection. Protective Hard Case Stand Shockproof Cover for Lenovo A6010 / Lenovo A6000 Plus. Leather slot wallet stand flip Cover Case for Lenovo A6010/A6000 Plus. Flip PU Leather Stand Wallet Case for Lenovo A Plus A1010/Vibe C2 Power Cover. (150+ Phone Model) Silicone Gel Case Soft TPU Rubber Protector Back Skin Cover. For Lenovo Luxury Ultra Thin Soft Silicone Fashion Rubber Embrossed Case Cover. Dynamic Liquid Glitter Quicksand Soft TPU Rubber Back Case Cover & neck strap #I. Hybrid Cartoon Pattern Rubber Soft TPU Silicone Case Cover Skin For Asus Huawei. For Lenovo A1010 Luxury Premium PU Leather Wallet Card Slot Flip Cover Case Skin. For Lenovo Series Hybrid Shockproof Rugged PC + TPU Kickstand Armor Case Cover. Hybrid Printed Patterned Soft Silicone TPU Rubber Back Case Cover For LG Xiaomi. Bling Glitter Lip Quicksand goblet Soft Back Phone Dynamic Liquid Case & strap K. Jewelled Bling Crystal Rhinestone Diamond tassel pendant Soft phone cover case N. For Nokia Lenovo Stylish Rubber Soft TPU Silicone Printed Patterned Case Cover. For Huawei Alcatel Lenovo Stand Wallet Flip Leather TPU Matte Skin Case Cover. For Lenovo Soft Slim Thin Silicone Patterns Embrossed Protective Case Cover Skin. Crystal Soft Silicone TPU Rubber Gel Back Case Cover Skin. Deluxe Flip Leather Matte Wallet Pouch Card Clip Slot Protect Skin Case Cover. For Lenovo Cartoon Embrossed Fashion Silicone Rubber Soft TPU Back Case Cover. For Lenovo Embrossed Silicone Gel Rubber Patterns Fashion Soft Back Cover Case. TPU+ PC Armor Rugged Stand Back Case Cover For Lenovo A6010 / Lenovo A6000 Plus. Credit Slot Wallet Flip Stand Leather TPU Skin Protector Case Cover For Lenovo. For Lenovo A6010/A6000 Plus PU Leather slot wallet stand flip Cover Case. More than 250 Phone Model Soft TPU Rubber Back Skin Gel Silicone Case Cover. A1000 Vibe A Plus C C2 K3 K5 K6 K8 Note P1 P1m P2 etc. eBay determines this price through a machine learned model of the product's sale prices within the last 90 days.. eBay determines trending price through a machine learned model of the product’s sale prices within the last 90 days. "New" refers to a brand-new, unused, unopened, undamaged item, and "Used" refers to an item that has been used previously.. Top Rated Plus Sellers with highest buyer ratings Returns, money back Ships in a business day with tracking Learn More. Top Rated Plus Sellers with highest buyer ratings Returns, money back Ships in a business day with tracking Learn More. Cell Phones, Smart Watches & Accessories. Cell Phone Cases, Covers & Skins. $ Enter minimum price to $ Enter maximum price. Please enter a minimum and/or maximum price before continuing.. Site Map Copyright © 1995-2018 eBay Inc. Accessibility , User Agreement , Privacy , Cookies and AdChoice Norton Secured - powered by Verisign. Number of bids and bid amounts may be slightly out of date. See each listing for international shipping options and costs.. 
Manuals Brands Lenovo Manuals Cell Phone A PLUS A1010A20 Lenovo A PLUS A1010A20 Manuals. Manuals and User Guides for Lenovo A PLUS A1010A20.. We have 1 Lenovo A PLUS A1010A20 manual available for free PDF download: Quick Start Manual. Lenovo A PLUS A1010A20 Quick Start Manual (28 pages). Brand: Lenovo | Category: Cell Phone | Size: 3.19 MB. Important Safety And Handling Information 7 ................................................................................................................................................................. Service, Support, And Warranty Information 9 ................................................................................................................................................................. Recycling And Environmental Information 10 ................................................................................................................................................................. European Union Compliance Statement 13 ................................................................................................................................................................. Speciï¬c Absorption Rate Information 14 ................................................................................................................................................................. Chargement De La Batterie 19 ................................................................................................................................................................. Related Products for Lenovo A PLUS A1010A20. Our app is now available on Google Play. Don't have an account? Sign up!. 
Cookies remember you so we can give you a better service online. By using this website or closing this message, you are agreeing to our Cookies notice .. Search for anything about the A Plus. Battery Saver Extreme Power Saving Mode. 
Home >> Phones >> Lenovo >>A Plus. Place : Chennai Delhi Kolkata Mumbai. Lenovo A Plus is a Smart Phone Powered by Vibe UI based on Android 5.1 Lollipop and 5 MP Auto focus Camera with LED flash.. - 1.3 GHz Quad-Core Spreadtrun SC7731 Processor. - 1GB RAM With 8GB ROM. - 4.5 Inch FWVGA Touchscreen Display With 233PPI. - 5 MP Camera With LED Flash. Disclaimer: We cannot guarantee that the info on this page is 100% correct. Please contact us support@fonearena.com incase you find a mistake. Lenovo A Plus User Reviews and Opinions. Post you reviews and thoughts about this phone below. Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Please dont abuse anyone and please make sure your comments are decent and don't use bad language.. All Rights Reserved.Text, images and all other content on this site may not be copied or republished in any way without formal permission.Phone Images are a property of the respective Manufacturer and may not be tampered with in any way. 
Find a Local Authorized Service Provider. Find a Local Authorized Service Provider. 1000VA - LCD Tower UPS (100V). 1000VA - LCD Tower UPS (110V). 1000VA - LCD Tower UPS (230V). 11000VA - LCD 5U Rack UPS (200V/208V/230V). 11e (Type 20D9, 20DA) Laptop (ThinkPad). 11e (Type 20E6, 20E8) Laptop (ThinkPad). 11e (Type 20ED, 20EE) Laptop (ThinkPad). 11e 3rd Gen (Type 20G9, 20GB) Laptop (ThinkPad). 11e 4th Gen (Type 20HT 20HV) Laptop (ThinkPad). 11e 4th Gen Chromebook (Type 20HX 20J0) Laptop (ThinkPad). 11e 5th Gen (Type 20LR 20LQ) Laptop (ThinkPad). 11e Chromebook (Type 20DB, 20DU) Laptop (ThinkPad). 11e Chromebook (Type 20GD, 20GF) Laptop (ThinkPad). 13 (Type 20GJ, 20GK) Laptop (ThinkPad). 13 Chromebook (Type 20GL, 20GM) Laptop (ThinkPad). 13 Gen 2 (Type 20J1, 20J2) Laptop (ThinkPad). 1500VA - LCD 2U Rack UPS (100V/120V). 1500VA - LCD 2U Rack UPS (230V). 1500VA - LCD Tower UPS (110V). 1500VA - LCD Tower UPS (230V). 2200VA - LCD 2U Rack UPS (100V/120V). 2200VA - LCD 2U Rack UPS (230V). 300 Series desktops and AIO (ideacentre). 3000VA - LCD 2U Rack UPS (200V/208V). 3000VA - LCD 3U Rack UPS (100V/120V). 3000VA - LCD 3U Rack UPS (200V/208V). 3000VA - LCD 3U Rack UPS (230V). 320 Touch-15IKB (Type 80XN) Laptop (ideapad). 320 Touch-15IKB (Type 81BH) Laptop (ideapad). 320-15IKB (Type 80XL, 80YE) Laptop (ideapad). 320-15IKB (Type 81BG, 81BT) Laptop (ideapad). 500 Series desktops and AIO (ideacentre). 6000VA - LCD 4U Rack UPS (200V/208V). 6000VA - LCD 4U Rack UPS (230V). 700 Series desktops and AIO (ideacentre). A275 (Type 20KC, 20KD) Laptop (ThinkPad). A475 (Type 20KL, 20KM) Laptop (ThinkPad). A7010 / VIBE K4 Note / VIBE A7010 (A7010a48) Smartphone. Augmented Reality (AR) /Virtual Reality (VR). Brocade - 300 FC SAN Switch. Brocade - 6505 FC SAN Switch. Brocade - 6510 FC SAN Switch. Chassis - Carrier Grade Chassis (Flex). Chassis Enclosure -dx360 M4 2U Chassis (iDataPlex). Compute Node - nx360 M4 (NeXtScale). Compute Node - nx360 M5 (NeXtScale). Compute Node - nx360 M5 water-cooled (NeXtScale). Compute Node - x240 M5 (Flex). Compute Node - x280 X6 (Flex). Compute Node - x480 X6 (Flex). Compute Node - x880 X6 (Flex). DS Series 12G Exp Unit (ThinkSystem). E480 (Type 20KN, 20KQ) Laptop (ThinkPad). E580 (Type 20KS 20KT) Laptop (ThinkPad). Enclosure - n1200 water-cooled Enclosure (NeXtScale). Flex 5-1470 (Type 81C9) Laptop (Lenovo). Flex 5-1570 (Type 80XB) Laptop (Lenovo). Flex 5-1570 (Type 81CA) Laptop (Lenovo). Global Console Managers 2x2x16 - GCM16. Global Console Managers 4x2x32 - GCM32. GPFS Storage Server (GSS) for Lenovo. Helix (Type 20CG, 20CH) Laptop (ThinkPad). Horizon 2 27 Table PC (ideacentre). K3 Note / A7000 Turbo (K50a40) Smartphone. K5 (A6020a40, A6020a41, A6020l36, A6020l37) Smartphone. K6 / K6 Power (K33a48, K33a42) Smartphone. KZ450 Wireless Keyboard w/ Device Stand. KZ500 - Wireless Keyboard with Trackpad. L380 (type 20M5, 20M6) Laptops (ThinkPad). L380 Yoga (type 20M7, 20M8) Laptops (ThinkPad). L470 (type 20J4, 20J5) Laptop (ThinkPad). L470 (type 20JU, 20JV) Laptops (ThinkPad). L480 (type 20LS, 20LT) Laptops (ThinkPad). L570 (type 20J8, 20J9) Laptops (ThinkPad). L570 (type 20JQ, 20JR) Laptops (ThinkPad). L580 (type 20LW, 20LX) Laptops (ThinkPad). Lenovo - B300 FC SAN Switch. Lenovo - B6505 FC SAN Switch. Lenovo - B6510 FC SAN Switch. Lenovo A6600 / A6600 Plus (A6600a40) Smartphone. Lenovo B / VIBE B (A2016a40, A2016b30, A2016b31) Smartphone. Lenovo D186 Wide 18.5in LCD Monitor. Lenovo D221 22-inch Wide Flat Panel LCD Monitor. Lenovo K6 / VIBE K6 / Lenovo K6 Power (K33a42, K33a48). Lenovo K6 Note / VIBE K6 (K53a48, K53b36) Note. Lenovo L2021 Wide 20in LCD Monitor. Lenovo LI1921 Wide Flat Panel Monitor. Lenovo LI1962 Wide Flat Panel Monitor. Lenovo LI1963 Wide Flat Panel Monitor. Lenovo LI2031 Wide Flat Panel Monitor. Lenovo LI2063 Wide Flat Panel Monitor. Lenovo LI2221s Wide Flat Panel Monitor. Lenovo LI2231 Wide Flat Panel Monitor. Lenovo LI2331 Wide Flat Panel Monitor. Lenovo Li2341t Wide Flat Panel Monitor. Lenovo LI2721s Wide Flat Panel Monitor. Lenovo LS1921 Wide 18.5in LCD Monitor. Lenovo LS1922s 18.5-inch LED Backlit LCD monitor. Lenovo LS2013 Wide Flat Panel Monitor. Lenovo LS2221 Wide 21.5in Flat Panel Monitor. Lenovo LS2421p Wide 23.6in Flat Panel Monitor. Lenovo Scalable Infrastructure (LeSI, DSS-G, GSS). LS1922 Wide 18.5 inch LCD Monitor. LS2421p Wide Full HD LED Monitor. Management Node - Flex System Manager (FSM). Miix 520-12IKB (Type 20M3, 20M4) Tablet. Moto Style Shell with Wireless Charging. P51 (Type 20HH, 20HJ) Laptop (Thinkpad). P51s (Type 20HB, 20HC) Laptop (ThinkPad). P51s (Type 20JY, 20K0) Laptop (ThinkPad). P52s (Type 20LB, 20LC) Laptop (ThinkPad). P71 (type 20HK, 20HL) Laptop (Thinkpad). RT11000VA - 6U 3:1 Phase Rack or Tower UPS (380-415VAC). RT11000VA - 6U Rack or Tower UPS (200-240VAC). RT1500VA - 2U Rack or Tower UPS (100-125VAC). RT1500VA - 2U Rack or Tower UPS (200-240VAC). RT2200VA - 2U Rack or Tower UPS (100-125VAC). RT2200VA - 2U Rack or Tower UPS (200-240VAC). RT3000VA - 2U Rack or Tower UPS (100-125VAC). RT3000VA - 2U Rack or Tower UPS (200-240VAC). RT5000VA - 2U Rack or Tower UPS (200-240VAC). RT6000VA - 2U Rack or Tower UPS (200-240VAC). RT8000VA - 6U 3:1 Phase Rack or Tower UPS (380-415VAC). RT8000VA - 6U Rack or Tower UPS (200-240VAC). S Series desktops and AIO (Lenovo). S5 2nd Gen (Type 20JA) Laptop (ThinkPad). SD650 DWC Dual Node Tray (ThinkSystem). Server Node - dx360 M3 (iDataPlex). Server Node - dx360 M4 (iDataPlex). T470 (Type 20HD, 20HE) Laptop (ThinkPad). T470 (Type 20JM, 20JN) Laptop (ThinkPad). T470s (type 20HF, 20HG) Laptop (ThinkPad). T470s (type 20JS, 20JT) Laptop (ThinkPad). T480 (Type 20L5, 20L6) Laptop (ThinkPad). T480s (type 20L7, 20L8) Laptop (ThinkPad). T570 (Type 20JW, 20JX) Laptop (ThinkPad). T580 (Type 20L9, 20LA) Laptop (ThinkPad). TAB 2 A10-30 Tablet (TB2-X30F, TB2-X30L, TB2-X30M). TAB 2 A10-70 Tablet (TAB 2 A10-70F, TAB 2 A10-70L). TAB 2 A7-10 Tablet (TAB 2 A7-10F). TAB 2 A7-20 Tablet (TAB 2 A7-20F). TAB 2 A7-30 Tablet (A7-30DC, A7-30HC, A7-30GC, A7-30F, A7-30D, A7-30H). TAB 2 A8-50 Tablet (TAB 2 A8-50F, TAB 2 A8-50L, TAB 2 A8-50LC). Tab 7 Essential (TB-7304F, TB-7304I, TB-7304X). Tab3 10 Business Tablet (TB3-X70F, TB3-X70L). Tab3 10 Plus Tablet (TB3-X70F, TB3-X70L). TAB3 7 Essential Tablet (TB3-710F, TB3-710I). TAB3 7 Plus Tablet (TB-7703F, TB-7703X). TAB3 8 Plus Tablet (TB-8703F, TB-8703X). Tab4 10 Plus Tablet (TB-X704F, TB-X704L, TB-X704Y, TB-X704V, TB-X704A). Tab4 10 Tablet (TB-X304F, TB-X304L, TB-X304X). Tab4 8 Plus Tablet (TB-8704F, TB-8704X, TB-8704V). ThinkCentre Tiny in One 24 Gen 3. ThinkPad Hybrid USB-C with USB-A Dock. ThinkPad X1 Tablet 1st Gen (Type 20GG, 20GH). ThinkPad X1 Tablet 2nd Gen (Type 20JB, 20JC). ThinkVision 28 28-inch 4K2K Tegra K1 Entertainment Center. ThinkVision E1922 18.5 inch LED Backlit LCD Monitor. ThinkVision E1922s 18.5 inch LED Backlit LCD Monitor. ThinkVision E2001b 19.5 LED TFT Monitor. ThinkVision E2002b 19.5” LED TFT Monitor. ThinkVision E2003b 19.5” LED TFT Monitor. ThinkVision E2013 19.5-inch WLED Backlit LCD Monitor. ThinkVision E21-10 20.7” Wide FHD TN Monitor. ThinkVision E2223s 21.5-inch FHD WLED Backlit LCD Monitor. ThinkVision E2323 23-inch FHD WLED Backlit LCD Monitor. ThinkVision E24-10 23.8” Wide FHD In Plane Switching Monitor. ThinkVision F2231p 21.5 inch FHD LED Backlit LCD Monitor. ThinkVision L197 Wide 19in LCD Monitor. ThinkVision L2250p Wide 22in LCD Monitor. ThinkVision LT1423p 13.3-inch IPS LED Backlit LCD Wireless Touch Monitor with pen. ThinkVision LT1423p 13.3-inch IPS WLED Backlit LCD Mobile Touch Monitor With Pen. ThinkVision LT1713p 17-inch Square LCD Monitor. ThinkVision LT1913p 19-inch Square IPS WLED Backlit LCD Monitor. ThinkVision LT1952p Wide 19in LCD Monitor. ThinkVision LT2013s 19.5-inch WLED Backlit LCD Monitor. ThinkVision LT2024 20 inch LED Backlit LCD Monitor. ThinkVision LT2223d 21.5-inch FHD WLED Backlit LCD OneLink Docking Monitor. ThinkVision LT2252p wide 22in LED Monitor. ThinkVision LT2423 24-inch FHD LED Backlit LCD Monitor. ThinkVision LT2452p Wide 24in LCD Monitor. ThinkVision LT2934z 29-inch Panorama AH-IPS WLED Backlit LCD VoIP Professional Monitor. ThinkVision P27u-10 27" Wide UHD IPS Monitor. ThinkVision Pro2820 28 inch FHD MVA LED Backlit LCD Monitor. ThinkVision Pro2840m Wide Flat Panel Monitor. ThinkVision T1714 17 inch Square LED Monitor. ThinkVision T1714p 17 inch Square LED Backlit LCD Monitor. ThinkVision T2014 19.5-inch LED Backlit LCD Monitor. ThinkVision T2054p 19.5 inch Square LED Backlit LCD Monitor. ThinkVision T2220 21.5-inch WLED Backlit LCD Monitor. ThinkVision T2224d 21.5-inch LED Backlit LCD Monitor. ThinkVision T2224p 21 5inch WVA LED. ThinkVision T2224z 21 5inch WVA LED. ThinkVision T22v-10 21.5 inch Wide FHD VOIP Monitor. ThinkVision T2324d 23-inch LED Backlit LCD Monitor. ThinkVision T2324p 23 inch FHD LED. ThinkVision T2424p 23 8 inch FHD LED. ThinkVision T2454p 24inch WUXGA LED Backlit LCD. ThinkVision T24d-10 24 inch WUXGA IPS Monitor. ThinkVision T24v-10 23.8 inch Wide FHD VOIP Monitor. ThinkVision X24 Pro 23.8-inch Ultra-slim FHD AH-IPS USB Type-C LED Backlit LCD Monitor. ThinkVision X24-20 23.8 inch Wide FHD In-Plane Switching Monitor. V Series Desktops and AIO (Lenovo). Vehicle Dock (DROID X - DROID X2). VIBE A / Lenovo A (A1000m). VIBE C2 / C2 / C2 POWER (K10a40) Smartphone. VIBE K4 Note / VIBE A7010 (A7010a48). VIBE K5 / K5 (A6020a40, A6020a41, A6020l36, A6020l37) Smartphone. VIBE K5 Note (A7020a40, A7020a48) Smartphone. VIBE K5 Plus / K5 Plus (A6020a46) Smartphone. X1 Carbon 1st Gen (Type 34xx) Laptop (ThinkPad). X1 Carbon 2nd Gen (Type 20A7, 20A8) Laptop (ThinkPad). X1 Carbon 3rd Gen (Type 20BS, 20BT) Laptop (ThinkPad). X1 Carbon 4th Gen (Type 20FB, 20FC) Laptop (ThinkPad). X1 Carbon 5th Gen - Kabylake (Type 20HR, 20HQ) Laptop (ThinkPad). X1 Carbon 5th Gen - Skylake (Type 20K4, 20K3) Laptop (ThinkPad). X1 Carbon 6th Gen - (Type 20KH, 20KG) Laptop (ThinkPad). X1 Yoga 1st Gen (Type 20FQ, 20FR) Laptop (ThinkPad). X1 Yoga 2nd Gen (Type 20JD, 20JE, 20JF, 20JG) Laptop (ThinkPad). X1 Yoga 3rd Gen (Type 20LD, 20LE, 20LF, 20LG) Laptop (ThinkPad). X270 (Type 20HN, 20HM) Laptop (ThinkPad). X270 (Type 20K6, 20K5) Laptop (ThinkPad). X280 (Type 20KF, 20KE) Laptop (ThinkPad). Yoga 11e (Type 20D9, 20DA) Laptop (ThinkPad). Yoga 11e (Type 20E5, 20E7) Laptop (ThinkPad). Yoga 11e 3rd Gen (Type 20G8, 20GA) Laptop (ThinkPad). Yoga 11e 4th Gen (Type 20HS 20HU) Laptop (ThinkPad). Yoga 11e 4th Gen Chromebook (Type 20HW 20HY) Laptop (ThinkPad). Yoga 11e 5th Gen (Type 20LN 20LM) Laptop (ThinkPad). Yoga 11e Chromebook (Type 20GC, 20GE) Laptop (ThinkPad). Yoga 14 (Type 20DM, 20DN) Laptop (ThinkPad). Yoga 14 (Type 20FY) Laptop (ThinkPad). Yoga 520-14IKB (Type 80X8) Laptop (ideapad). Yoga 520-14IKB (Type 81C8) Laptop (ideapad). Yoga 720-13IKB (Type 80X6) Laptop (ideapad). Yoga 720-13IKB (Type 81C3) Laptop (ideapad). YOGA Book (YB1-X91F, YB1-X91L, YB1-X90F, YB1-X90L). YOGA TAB 3 10'' Tablet (YT3-X50F, YT3-X50L, YT3-X50M). YOGA TAB 3 8'' Tablet (YT3-850F, YT3-850L, YT3-850M). YOGA Tab 3 Plus Tablet (YT-X703F, YT-X703L, YT-X703X). YOGA TAB 3 Pro 10'' Tablet (YT3–X90F, YT3–X90L, YT3–X90X). YOGA Tab 3 Pro Tablet (YT3–X90F, YT3–X90L, YT3–X90X, YT3–X90Y, YT3–X90Z). You must sign-in with your Lenovo ID to access your Shopping Cart, directly. Otherwise, select an item to start building your Cart.. Benefits of having a Lenovo ID. Critical product support, upgrades, and alerts on topics such as safety issues or product recalls.. Quick, secure access to your purchase history for warranty validation or insurance claims.. New product announcement updates and exclusive online offers. 
Find a Local Authorized Service Provider. Find a Local Authorized Service Provider. 1000VA - LCD Tower UPS (100V). 1000VA - LCD Tower UPS (110V). 1000VA - LCD Tower UPS (230V). 11000VA - LCD 5U Rack UPS (200V/208V/230V). 11e (Type 20D9, 20DA) Laptop (ThinkPad). 11e (Type 20E6, 20E8) Laptop (ThinkPad). 11e (Type 20ED, 20EE) Laptop (ThinkPad). 11e 3rd Gen (Type 20G9, 20GB) Laptop (ThinkPad). 11e 4th Gen (Type 20HT 20HV) Laptop (ThinkPad). 11e 4th Gen Chromebook (Type 20HX 20J0) Laptop (ThinkPad). 11e 5th Gen (Type 20LR 20LQ) Laptop (ThinkPad). 11e Chromebook (Type 20DB, 20DU) Laptop (ThinkPad). 11e Chromebook (Type 20GD, 20GF) Laptop (ThinkPad). 13 (Type 20GJ, 20GK) Laptop (ThinkPad). 13 Chromebook (Type 20GL, 20GM) Laptop (ThinkPad). 13 Gen 2 (Type 20J1, 20J2) Laptop (ThinkPad). 1500VA - LCD 2U Rack UPS (100V/120V). 1500VA - LCD 2U Rack UPS (230V). 1500VA - LCD Tower UPS (110V). 1500VA - LCD Tower UPS (230V). 2200VA - LCD 2U Rack UPS (100V/120V). 2200VA - LCD 2U Rack UPS (230V). 300 Series desktops and AIO (ideacentre). 3000VA - LCD 2U Rack UPS (200V/208V). 3000VA - LCD 3U Rack UPS (100V/120V). 3000VA - LCD 3U Rack UPS (200V/208V). 3000VA - LCD 3U Rack UPS (230V). 320 Touch-15IKB (Type 80XN) Laptop (ideapad). 320 Touch-15IKB (Type 81BH) Laptop (ideapad). 320-15IKB (Type 80XL, 80YE) Laptop (ideapad). 320-15IKB (Type 81BG, 81BT) Laptop (ideapad). 500 Series desktops and AIO (ideacentre). 6000VA - LCD 4U Rack UPS (200V/208V). 6000VA - LCD 4U Rack UPS (230V). 700 Series desktops and AIO (ideacentre). A275 (Type 20KC, 20KD) Laptop (ThinkPad). A475 (Type 20KL, 20KM) Laptop (ThinkPad). A7010 / VIBE K4 Note / VIBE A7010 (A7010a48) Smartphone. Augmented Reality (AR) /Virtual Reality (VR). Brocade - 300 FC SAN Switch. Brocade - 6505 FC SAN Switch. Brocade - 6510 FC SAN Switch. Chassis - Carrier Grade Chassis (Flex). Chassis Enclosure -dx360 M4 2U Chassis (iDataPlex). Compute Node - nx360 M4 (NeXtScale). Compute Node - nx360 M5 (NeXtScale). Compute Node - nx360 M5 water-cooled (NeXtScale). Compute Node - x240 M5 (Flex). Compute Node - x280 X6 (Flex). Compute Node - x480 X6 (Flex). Compute Node - x880 X6 (Flex). DS Series 12G Exp Unit (ThinkSystem). E480 (Type 20KN, 20KQ) Laptop (ThinkPad). E580 (Type 20KS 20KT) Laptop (ThinkPad). Enclosure - n1200 water-cooled Enclosure (NeXtScale). Flex 5-1470 (Type 81C9) Laptop (Lenovo). Flex 5-1570 (Type 80XB) Laptop (Lenovo). Flex 5-1570 (Type 81CA) Laptop (Lenovo). Global Console Managers 2x2x16 - GCM16. Global Console Managers 4x2x32 - GCM32. GPFS Storage Server (GSS) for Lenovo. Helix (Type 20CG, 20CH) Laptop (ThinkPad). Horizon 2 27 Table PC (ideacentre). K3 Note / A7000 Turbo (K50a40) Smartphone. K5 (A6020a40, A6020a41, A6020l36, A6020l37) Smartphone. K6 / K6 Power (K33a48, K33a42) Smartphone. KZ450 Wireless Keyboard w/ Device Stand. KZ500 - Wireless Keyboard with Trackpad. L380 (type 20M5, 20M6) Laptops (ThinkPad). L380 Yoga (type 20M7, 20M8) Laptops (ThinkPad). L470 (type 20J4, 20J5) Laptop (ThinkPad). L470 (type 20JU, 20JV) Laptops (ThinkPad). L480 (type 20LS, 20LT) Laptops (ThinkPad). L570 (type 20J8, 20J9) Laptops (ThinkPad). L570 (type 20JQ, 20JR) Laptops (ThinkPad). L580 (type 20LW, 20LX) Laptops (ThinkPad). Lenovo - B300 FC SAN Switch. Lenovo - B6505 FC SAN Switch. Lenovo - B6510 FC SAN Switch. Lenovo A6600 / A6600 Plus (A6600a40) Smartphone. Lenovo B / VIBE B (A2016a40, A2016b30, A2016b31) Smartphone. Lenovo D186 Wide 18.5in LCD Monitor. Lenovo D221 22-inch Wide Flat Panel LCD Monitor. Lenovo K6 / VIBE K6 / Lenovo K6 Power (K33a42, K33a48). Lenovo K6 Note / VIBE K6 (K53a48, K53b36) Note. Lenovo L2021 Wide 20in LCD Monitor. Lenovo LI1921 Wide Flat Panel Monitor. Lenovo LI1962 Wide Flat Panel Monitor. Lenovo LI1963 Wide Flat Panel Monitor. Lenovo LI2031 Wide Flat Panel Monitor. Lenovo LI2063 Wide Flat Panel Monitor. Lenovo LI2221s Wide Flat Panel Monitor. Lenovo LI2231 Wide Flat Panel Monitor. Lenovo LI2331 Wide Flat Panel Monitor. Lenovo Li2341t Wide Flat Panel Monitor. Lenovo LI2721s Wide Flat Panel Monitor. Lenovo LS1921 Wide 18.5in LCD Monitor. Lenovo LS1922s 18.5-inch LED Backlit LCD monitor. Lenovo LS2013 Wide Flat Panel Monitor. Lenovo LS2221 Wide 21.5in Flat Panel Monitor. Lenovo LS2421p Wide 23.6in Flat Panel Monitor. Lenovo Scalable Infrastructure (LeSI, DSS-G, GSS). LS1922 Wide 18.5 inch LCD Monitor. LS2421p Wide Full HD LED Monitor. Management Node - Flex System Manager (FSM). Miix 520-12IKB (Type 20M3, 20M4) Tablet. Moto Style Shell with Wireless Charging. P51 (Type 20HH, 20HJ) Laptop (Thinkpad). P51s (Type 20HB, 20HC) Laptop (ThinkPad). P51s (Type 20JY, 20K0) Laptop (ThinkPad). P52s (Type 20LB, 20LC) Laptop (ThinkPad). P71 (type 20HK, 20HL) Laptop (Thinkpad). RT11000VA - 6U 3:1 Phase Rack or Tower UPS (380-415VAC). RT11000VA - 6U Rack or Tower UPS (200-240VAC). RT1500VA - 2U Rack or Tower UPS (100-125VAC). RT1500VA - 2U Rack or Tower UPS (200-240VAC). RT2200VA - 2U Rack or Tower UPS (100-125VAC). RT2200VA - 2U Rack or Tower UPS (200-240VAC). RT3000VA - 2U Rack or Tower UPS (100-125VAC). RT3000VA - 2U Rack or Tower UPS (200-240VAC). RT5000VA - 2U Rack or Tower UPS (200-240VAC). RT6000VA - 2U Rack or Tower UPS (200-240VAC). RT8000VA - 6U 3:1 Phase Rack or Tower UPS (380-415VAC). RT8000VA - 6U Rack or Tower UPS (200-240VAC). S Series desktops and AIO (Lenovo). S5 2nd Gen (Type 20JA) Laptop (ThinkPad). SD650 DWC Dual Node Tray (ThinkSystem). Server Node - dx360 M3 (iDataPlex). Server Node - dx360 M4 (iDataPlex). T470 (Type 20HD, 20HE) Laptop (ThinkPad). T470 (Type 20JM, 20JN) Laptop (ThinkPad). T470s (type 20HF, 20HG) Laptop (ThinkPad). T470s (type 20JS, 20JT) Laptop (ThinkPad). T480 (Type 20L5, 20L6) Laptop (ThinkPad). T480s (type 20L7, 20L8) Laptop (ThinkPad). T570 (Type 20JW, 20JX) Laptop (ThinkPad). T580 (Type 20L9, 20LA) Laptop (ThinkPad). TAB 2 A10-30 Tablet (TB2-X30F, TB2-X30L, TB2-X30M). TAB 2 A10-70 Tablet (TAB 2 A10-70F, TAB 2 A10-70L). TAB 2 A7-10 Tablet (TAB 2 A7-10F). TAB 2 A7-20 Tablet (TAB 2 A7-20F). TAB 2 A7-30 Tablet (A7-30DC, A7-30HC, A7-30GC, A7-30F, A7-30D, A7-30H). TAB 2 A8-50 Tablet (TAB 2 A8-50F, TAB 2 A8-50L, TAB 2 A8-50LC). Tab 7 Essential (TB-7304F, TB-7304I, TB-7304X). Tab3 10 Business Tablet (TB3-X70F, TB3-X70L). Tab3 10 Plus Tablet (TB3-X70F, TB3-X70L). TAB3 7 Essential Tablet (TB3-710F, TB3-710I). TAB3 7 Plus Tablet (TB-7703F, TB-7703X). TAB3 8 Plus Tablet (TB-8703F, TB-8703X). Tab4 10 Plus Tablet (TB-X704F, TB-X704L, TB-X704Y, TB-X704V, TB-X704A). Tab4 10 Tablet (TB-X304F, TB-X304L, TB-X304X). Tab4 8 Plus Tablet (TB-8704F, TB-8704X, TB-8704V). ThinkCentre Tiny in One 24 Gen 3. ThinkPad Hybrid USB-C with USB-A Dock. ThinkPad X1 Tablet 1st Gen (Type 20GG, 20GH). ThinkPad X1 Tablet 2nd Gen (Type 20JB, 20JC). ThinkVision 28 28-inch 4K2K Tegra K1 Entertainment Center. ThinkVision E1922 18.5 inch LED Backlit LCD Monitor. ThinkVision E1922s 18.5 inch LED Backlit LCD Monitor. ThinkVision E2001b 19.5 LED TFT Monitor. ThinkVision E2002b 19.5” LED TFT Monitor. ThinkVision E2003b 19.5” LED TFT Monitor. ThinkVision E2013 19.5-inch WLED Backlit LCD Monitor. ThinkVision E21-10 20.7” Wide FHD TN Monitor. ThinkVision E2223s 21.5-inch FHD WLED Backlit LCD Monitor. ThinkVision E2323 23-inch FHD WLED Backlit LCD Monitor. ThinkVision E24-10 23.8” Wide FHD In Plane Switching Monitor. ThinkVision F2231p 21.5 inch FHD LED Backlit LCD Monitor. ThinkVision L197 Wide 19in LCD Monitor. ThinkVision L2250p Wide 22in LCD Monitor. ThinkVision LT1423p 13.3-inch IPS LED Backlit LCD Wireless Touch Monitor with pen. ThinkVision LT1423p 13.3-inch IPS WLED Backlit LCD Mobile Touch Monitor With Pen. ThinkVision LT1713p 17-inch Square LCD Monitor. ThinkVision LT1913p 19-inch Square IPS WLED Backlit LCD Monitor. ThinkVision LT1952p Wide 19in LCD Monitor. ThinkVision LT2013s 19.5-inch WLED Backlit LCD Monitor. ThinkVision LT2024 20 inch LED Backlit LCD Monitor. ThinkVision LT2223d 21.5-inch FHD WLED Backlit LCD OneLink Docking Monitor. ThinkVision LT2252p wide 22in LED Monitor. ThinkVision LT2423 24-inch FHD LED Backlit LCD Monitor. ThinkVision LT2452p Wide 24in LCD Monitor. ThinkVision LT2934z 29-inch Panorama AH-IPS WLED Backlit LCD VoIP Professional Monitor. ThinkVision P27u-10 27" Wide UHD IPS Monitor. ThinkVision Pro2820 28 inch FHD MVA LED Backlit LCD Monitor. ThinkVision Pro2840m Wide Flat Panel Monitor. ThinkVision T1714 17 inch Square LED Monitor. ThinkVision T1714p 17 inch Square LED Backlit LCD Monitor. ThinkVision T2014 19.5-inch LED Backlit LCD Monitor. ThinkVision T2054p 19.5 inch Square LED Backlit LCD Monitor. ThinkVision T2220 21.5-inch WLED Backlit LCD Monitor. ThinkVision T2224d 21.5-inch LED Backlit LCD Monitor. ThinkVision T2224p 21 5inch WVA LED. ThinkVision T2224z 21 5inch WVA LED. ThinkVision T22v-10 21.5 inch Wide FHD VOIP Monitor. ThinkVision T2324d 23-inch LED Backlit LCD Monitor. ThinkVision T2324p 23 inch FHD LED. ThinkVision T2424p 23 8 inch FHD LED. ThinkVision T2454p 24inch WUXGA LED Backlit LCD. ThinkVision T24d-10 24 inch WUXGA IPS Monitor. ThinkVision T24v-10 23.8 inch Wide FHD VOIP Monitor. ThinkVision X24 Pro 23.8-inch Ultra-slim FHD AH-IPS USB Type-C LED Backlit LCD Monitor. ThinkVision X24-20 23.8 inch Wide FHD In-Plane Switching Monitor. V Series Desktops and AIO (Lenovo). Vehicle Dock (DROID X - DROID X2). VIBE A / Lenovo A (A1000m). VIBE C2 / C2 / C2 POWER (K10a40) Smartphone. VIBE K4 Note / VIBE A7010 (A7010a48). VIBE K5 / K5 (A6020a40, A6020a41, A6020l36, A6020l37) Smartphone. VIBE K5 Note (A7020a40, A7020a48) Smartphone. VIBE K5 Plus / K5 Plus (A6020a46) Smartphone. X1 Carbon 1st Gen (Type 34xx) Laptop (ThinkPad). X1 Carbon 2nd Gen (Type 20A7, 20A8) Laptop (ThinkPad). X1 Carbon 3rd Gen (Type 20BS, 20BT) Laptop (ThinkPad). X1 Carbon 4th Gen (Type 20FB, 20FC) Laptop (ThinkPad). X1 Carbon 5th Gen - Kabylake (Type 20HR, 20HQ) Laptop (ThinkPad). X1 Carbon 5th Gen - Skylake (Type 20K4, 20K3) Laptop (ThinkPad). X1 Carbon 6th Gen - (Type 20KH, 20KG) Laptop (ThinkPad). X1 Yoga 1st Gen (Type 20FQ, 20FR) Laptop (ThinkPad). X1 Yoga 2nd Gen (Type 20JD, 20JE, 20JF, 20JG) Laptop (ThinkPad). X1 Yoga 3rd Gen (Type 20LD, 20LE, 20LF, 20LG) Laptop (ThinkPad). X270 (Type 20HN, 20HM) Laptop (ThinkPad). X270 (Type 20K6, 20K5) Laptop (ThinkPad). X280 (Type 20KF, 20KE) Laptop (ThinkPad). Yoga 11e (Type 20D9, 20DA) Laptop (ThinkPad). Yoga 11e (Type 20E5, 20E7) Laptop (ThinkPad). Yoga 11e 3rd Gen (Type 20G8, 20GA) Laptop (ThinkPad). Yoga 11e 4th Gen (Type 20HS 20HU) Laptop (ThinkPad). Yoga 11e 4th Gen Chromebook (Type 20HW 20HY) Laptop (ThinkPad). Yoga 11e 5th Gen (Type 20LN 20LM) Laptop (ThinkPad). Yoga 11e Chromebook (Type 20GC, 20GE) Laptop (ThinkPad). Yoga 14 (Type 20DM, 20DN) Laptop (ThinkPad). Yoga 14 (Type 20FY) Laptop (ThinkPad). Yoga 520-14IKB (Type 80X8) Laptop (ideapad). Yoga 520-14IKB (Type 81C8) Laptop (ideapad). Yoga 720-13IKB (Type 80X6) Laptop (ideapad). Yoga 720-13IKB (Type 81C3) Laptop (ideapad). YOGA Book (YB1-X91F, YB1-X91L, YB1-X90F, YB1-X90L). YOGA TAB 3 10'' Tablet (YT3-X50F, YT3-X50L, YT3-X50M). YOGA TAB 3 8'' Tablet (YT3-850F, YT3-850L, YT3-850M). YOGA Tab 3 Plus Tablet (YT-X703F, YT-X703L, YT-X703X). YOGA TAB 3 Pro 10'' Tablet (YT3–X90F, YT3–X90L, YT3–X90X). YOGA Tab 3 Pro Tablet (YT3–X90F, YT3–X90L, YT3–X90X, YT3–X90Y, YT3–X90Z). You must sign-in with your Lenovo ID to access your Shopping Cart, directly. Otherwise, select an item to start building your Cart.. Benefits of having a Lenovo ID. Critical product support, upgrades, and alerts on topics such as safety issues or product recalls.. Quick, secure access to your purchase history for warranty validation or insurance claims.. New product announcement updates and exclusive online offers. 
Home › Lenovo › A Plus Lenovo A Plus - Specifications. Most recent comparisons including Lenovo A Plus List of the latest comparisons made by the website visitors, which include Lenovo A Plus Last viewed devices List of mobile devices, whose specifications have been recently viewed.. Width Height Thickness Weight Write a review. Specifications Display Camera CPU Battery Prices 1. Dimensions : 66 x 133 x 9.9 mm Weight : 146 g SoC : MediaTek MT6580 CPU : ARM Cortex-A7, 1300 MHz, Cores : 4 GPU : ARM Mali-400 MP2, Cores : 2 RAM : 1 GB, 533 MHz Storage : 8 GB Memory cards : microSD, microSDHC Display : 4.5 in, TFT, 480 x 854 pixels, 24 bit Battery : 2000 mAh, Li-Ion OS : Android 5.1 Lollipop Camera : 2592 x 1944 pixels, 1280 x 720 pixels, 30 fps SIM card : Micro-SIM Wi-Fi : b, g, n, Wi-Fi Hotspot USB : 2.0, Micro USB Bluetooth : 4.0 Positioning : GPS, A-GPS. Brand and model Information about the brand, model and model alias (if any) of a specific device. Brand Lenovo Model A Plus Model alias A1010a20 Design Information about the dimensions and weight of the device, shown in different measurement units. Width 66 mm (millimeters) 6.6 cm (centimeters) 0.22 ft (feet) 2.6 in (inches) Height 133 mm (millimeters) 13.3 cm (centimeters) 0.44 ft (feet) 5.24 in (inches) Thickness 9.9 mm (millimeters) 0.99 cm (centimeters) 0.03 ft (feet) 0.39 in (inches) Weight 146 g (grams) 0.32 lbs (pounds) 5.15 oz (ounces) Volume 86.9 cm³ (cubic centimeters) 5.28 in³ (cubic inches) Colors Black White Body materials Plastic SIM card The Subscriber Identity Module (SIM) is used in mobile devices for storing data authenticating the subscribers of mobile services. SIM card type Micro-SIM (3FF - third form factor, since 2003, 15.00 x 12.00 x 0.76 mm) Number of SIM cards 2 Features Dual SIM stand-by (Both cards are active. When one is busy, the other is not active) Networks A mobile (cellular) network is a radio system, which allows a large number of mobile devices to communicate with each other. GSM GSM 850 MHz GSM 900 MHz GSM 1800 MHz GSM 1900 MHz UMTS UMTS 900 MHz UMTS 2100 MHz Mobile network technologies and bandwidth Communication between devices within mobile networks is realized via various generations of network technologies, which provide different bandwidth. Mobile network technologies UMTS (384 kbit/s ) EDGE GPRS HSPA+ (HSUPA 5.76 Mbit/s , HSDPA 21 Mbit/s ) Operating system Operating system is the system software, which manages and controls the functioning of the hardware components of the device. Operating system (OS) Android 5.1 Lollipop System on Chip (SoC) A system on a chip (SoC) includes into a single chip some of the main hardware components of the mobile device. SoC MediaTek MT6580 Process technology 28 nm (nanometers) CPU ARM Cortex-A7 CPU bits 32 bit Instruction set ARMv7 Level 1 cache memory (L1) 32 KB + 32 KB (kilobytes) Level 2 cache memory (L2) 512 KB (kilobytes) 0.5 MB (megabytes) CPU cores 4 CPU frequency 1300 MHz (megahertz) GPU ARM Mali-400 MP2 GPU cores 2 RAM capacity 1 GB (gigabytes) RAM channels Single channel RAM frequency 533 MHz (megahertz) Storage Every mobile device has a built-in storage (internal memory) with a fixed capacity. Storage 8 GB (gigabytes) Memory cards Memory cards are used in mobile devices for expanding their external storage capacity. Types microSD microSDHC Display The display of a mobile device is characterized by its technology, resolution, pixel density, diagonal length, color depth, etc. Type/technology TFT Diagonal size 4.5 in (inches) 114.3 mm (millimeters) 11.43 cm (centimeters) Width 2.2 in (inches) 56 mm (millimeters) 5.6 cm (centimeters) Height 3.92 in (inches) 99.64 mm (millimeters) 9.96 cm (centimeters) Aspect ratio 1.779:1 Resolution 480 x 854 pixels Pixel density 218 ppi (pixels per inch) 85 ppcm (pixels per centimeter) Color depth 24 bit 16777216 colors Display area 63.78 % (percent) Other features Capacitive Multi-touch Sensors Different sensors measure different physical quantities and convert them into signals recognizable by the mobile device. Sensors Proximity Light Accelerometer Primary camera The primary camera of the mobile device is usually placed at its back and is used for taking photos and recording videos. Sensor type CMOS (complementary metal-oxide semiconductor) Flash type LED Image resolution 2592 x 1944 pixels 5.04 MP (megapixels) Video resolution 1280 x 720 pixels 0.92 MP (megapixels) Video FPS 30 fps (frames per second) Features Continuous shooting Digital zoom Geotagging Panorama HDR Face detection White balance settings ISO settings Exposure compensation Self-timer Scene mode Secondary camera Secondary cameras are placed above the screen of the device and are usually used for video calls, gesture recognition, etc. Image resolution 1600 x 1200 pixels 1.92 MP (megapixels) Audio Information about the type of speakers and the audio technologies supported by the device. Speaker Loudspeaker Earpiece Radio The radio in a mobile device is a built-in FM radio receiver. Radio Yes Tracking/Positioning Information about the positioning and navigation technologies supported by the device. Tracking/Positioning GPS A-GPS Wi-Fi Wi-Fi is a technology that provides wireless data connections between various devices within a short range. Wi-Fi 802.11b (IEEE 802.11b-1999) 802.11g (IEEE 802.11g-2003) 802.11n (IEEE 802.11n-2009) Wi-Fi Hotspot Bluetooth Bluetooth is a standard for secure wireless data transfer between different types of devices over short distances. Version 4.0 Features A2DP (Advanced Audio Distribution Profile) USB The Universal Serial Bus (USB) is an industry standard that allows different electronic devices to exchange data. Connector type Micro USB Version 2.0 Features Charging Mass storage Headphone jack The headphone jack is an audio phone connector, a.k.a. The most widely used one in mobile devices is the 3.5 mm headphone jack. Headphone jack Yes Connectivity Information about other important connectivity technologies supported by the devices. Connectivity Computer sync OTA sync Tethering Browser A web browser is a software application for accessing, fetching, displaying and navigating through information on the World Wide Web. Browser HTML HTML5 CSS 3 Audio file formats/codecs Mobile devices support various audio file formats and codecs, which respectively store and code/decode digital audio data. Audio file formats/codecs AAC (Advanced Audio Coding) AMR / AMR-NB / GSM-AMR (Adaptive Multi-Rate, .amr, .3ga) eAAC+ / aacPlus v2 / HE-AAC v2 FLAC (Free Lossless Audio Codec, .flac) MIDI MP3 (MPEG-2 Audio Layer II, .mp3) OGG (.ogg, .ogv, .oga, .ogx, .spx, .opus) WMA (Windows Media Audio, .wma) WAV (Waveform Audio File Format, .wav, .wave) Video file formats/codecs Mobile devices support various video file formats and codecs, which respectively store and code/decode digital video data. Video file formats/codecs 3GPP (3rd Generation Partnership Project, .3gp) AVI (Audio Video Interleaved, .avi) MP4 (MPEG-4 Part 14, .mp4, .m4a, .m4p, .m4b, .m4r, .m4v) Battery The batteries of mobile devices differ in capacity and technology. They provide the electrical charge needed for the functioning of the devices. Capacity 2000 mAh (milliampere-hours) Type Li-Ion Features Removable. Brand name of the company that manufactures the device.. Аlternative names, under which the model is known.. the horizontal side of the device when it is used in its standard orientation.. the vertical side of the device when it is used in its standard orientation.. Information about the thickness/depth of the device in different measurement units.. Information about the weight of the device in different measurement units.. Estimated volume of the device, calculated from the dimensions provided by the manufacturer. Applies for devices in the form of a rectangular parallelepiped.. Information about the colors, in which the device is available in the market.. Materials used in the fabrication of the device's body.. Information about the type and size (form factor) of the SIM card used in the device.. Information about the number of SIM cards, supported by the device.. Information about some specific features related to the SIM card(s) of the device.. GSM (Global System for Mobile Communications) was developed to replace the analog cellular network (1G), therefore it is referred to as a 2G mobile network. It has been improved with the addition of General Packet Radio Services (GPRS) and later via the Enhanced Data rates for GSM Evolution (EDGE) technology.. UMTS stands for Universal Mobile Telecommunications System. Based on the GSM standard, it is deemed as a 3G mobile network standard. It has been developed by the 3GPP and its major advantage is the provision of greater bandwidth and spectral efficiency, due to the W-CDMA technology.. There are several network technologies that enhance the performance of mobile networks mainly by increased data bandwidth. Information about the communication technologies supported by the device and their respective uplink and downlink bandwidth.. Information about the operating system used by the device as well as its version.. The SoC integrates different hardware components such as the CPU, GPU, memory, peripherals, interfaces, etc., as well as software for their functioning.. Information about the process technology used in manufacturing the chip. The value in nanometers represents half the distance between elements that make up the CPU.. CPU is the Central Processing Unit or the processor of a mobile device. Its main function is to interpret and execute instructions contained in software applications.. The CPU bits are determined by the bit-size of the processor registers, address buses and data buses. 64-bit CPUs provide better performance than 32-bit ones, which on their part perform better than 16-bit processors.. The instruction set architecture (ISA) is a set of commands used by the software to manage the CPU's work. Information about the set of instructions the processor can execute.. The cache memory is used by the processor in order to shorten the time needed to access data and instructions that a frequently used. The L1 (level 1) cache memory has a small volume, but operates faster than the RAM and the rest cache memory levels. If the processor does not find the data needed in L1, it continues to look for it in the L2 cache memory. In some processors the search in L1 and L2 is simultaneous.. The L2 (level 2) cache memory is slower than L1, but has a larger capacity, instead, which allows it to cache more data. Just like L1, it is much faster than the system memory (RAM). If the CPU does not find the data needed in L2, it proceeds to look for them in the L3 cache memory (if there is such) or in the RAM.. A CPU core is the processor unit, which executes software instructions. Presently, besides single-core processors, there are dual-core, quad-core, hexa-core and so on multi-core processors. They increase the performance of the device allowing the execution of multiple instructions in parallel.. The frequency of the processor describes its clock rate in cycles per second. It is measured in Megahertz (MHz) or Gigahertz (GHz).. GPU is a graphical processing unit, which handles computation for 2D/3D graphics applications. In mobile devices GPU is usually utilized by games, UI, video playback, etc. GPU can also perform computation in applications traditionally handled by the CPU.. Similar to the CPU, the GPU consists of processing units called cores. They handle the computation of graphics in various applications.. RAM (Random-Access Memory) is used by the operating system and all installed applications. Data in the RAM is lost after the device is turned off or restarted.. Information about the number of RAM channels integrated in the SoC. More channels mean higher data transfer rates.. RAM frequency relates directly to the rate of reading/writing from/in the RAM memory.. Information about the capacity of the built-in storage of the device. Sometimes one and the same model may is offered in variants with different internal storage capacity.. The various types of memory cards are characterized by different sizes and capacity. Information about the supported types of memory cards.. One of the main characteristics of the display is its type/technology, on which depends its performance.. In mobile devices display size is represented by the length of its diagonal measured in inches.. The ratio between the long and the short side of the display. The display resolution shows the number of pixels on the horizontal and vertical side of the screen. The higher the resolution is, the greater the detail of the displayed content.. Information about the number of pixels per centimeter (ppcm) or per inch (ppi) of the display. The higher the pixel density, the more detailed and clearer is the information displayed on the screen.. The color depth of the display is also known as bit depth. It shows the number of bits used for the color components of one pixel. Information about the maximum number of colors the screen can display.. The estimated percentage of the screen area from the device's front area.. Information about other functions and features of the display.. Sensors vary in type and purpose. They increase the overall functionality of the device, in which they are integrated.. Digital cameras use image sensors for taking photos. The sensor characteristics are some of the main factors determining the quality of the camera integrated in the mobile device.. Cameras of mobile devices use mainly a LED or a Xenon flash. The LED flash has a softer burst of light and in contrast to the much brighter Xenon flash, is used for recording videos as well.. One of the main characteristics of the cameras of mobile devices is their resolution, which shows the number of pixels on the horizontal and vertical dimensions of the image.. Information about the maximum resolution available for shooting a video with the device.. Information about the maximum number of frames per second (fps), supported by the device while recording a video at maximum resolution. Some of the main standard frame rates for recording and playing video are 24p, 25p, 30p, 60p.. Information about additional software and hardware features of the privamery camera, which improve its overall performance.. Information about the maximum image resolution of the secondary camera. Often, the resolution of the secondary camera is lower than the one of the primary camera.. The loudspeaker is a device, which reproduces various sounds such as ring tones, alarms, music, voice calls, etc. Information about the type of speakers the device uses.. Information whether the device has an FM radio receiver or not.. The tracking/positioning service is provided by various satellite navigation systems, which track the autonomous geo-spatial positioning of the device that supports them. The most common satellite navigation systems are the GPS and the GLONASS. There are also non-satellite technologies for locating mobile devices such as the Enhanced Observed Time Difference, Enhanced 911, GSM Cell ID.. Wi-Fi communication between devices is realized via the IEEE 802.11 standards. Some devices have the possibility to serve as Wi-Fi Hotspots by providing internet access for other nearby devices. Wi-Fi Direct (Wi-Fi P2P) is another useful standard that allows devices to communicate with each other without the need for wireless access point (WAP).. The technology has several versions, which improve the connection speed, range, connectivity and discoverability of the devices. Information about the Bluetooth version of the device.. Bluetooth uses various profiles and protocols related to faster exchange of data, energy saving, better device discoverability, etc. Some of those supported by the device are listed here.. There are several USB connector types: the Standard one, the Mini and Micro connectors, On-The-Go connectors, etc. Type of the USB connector used by the device.. There are several versions of the Universal Serial Bus (USB) standard: USB 1.0 (1996), the USB 2.0 (2000), the USB 3.0 (2008), etc. With each following version the rate of data transfer is increased.. Тhe USB interface in mobile devices may be used for different purposes such as battery charging, using the device as a mass storage, host, etc.. Information whether the device is equipped with a 3.5 mm audio jack.. Information about some of the most widely used connectivity technologies supported by the device.. Information about some of the features and standards supported by the browser of the device.. List of some of the most common audio file formats and codecs supported standardly by the device.. List of some of the most common video file formats and codecs supported standardly by the device.. The capacity of a battery shows the maximum charge, which it can store, measured in mili-Ampere hours.. The battery type is determined by its structure and more specifically, by the chemicals used in it. There are different battery types and some of the most commonly used in mobile devices are the lithium-ion (Li-Ion) and the lithium-ion polymer battery (Li-Polymer).. Information about some additional features of the device's battery.. Provide information about, which of the published data you want to be edited as well as a reliable source, which confirms the accuracy of the information you suggest *. Enter the characters from the image: *. Dimensions : 66 x 133 x 9.9 mm Weight : 146 g SoC : MediaTek MT6580 CPU : ARM Cortex-A7, 1300 MHz, Cores : 4 GPU : ARM Mali-400 MP2 RAM : 1 GB, 533 MHz Storage : 8 GB Display : 4.5 in, TFT, 480 x 854 pixels, 24 bit Battery : 2000 mAh, Li-Ion OS : Android 5.1 Lollipop Camera : 2592 x 1944 pixels, 1280 x 720 pixels, 30 fps. The information on this website is provided on "as is, as available basis" without warranty of any kind. DeviceSpecifications is not responsible for any omissions, inaccuracies or other errors in the information it publishes. All warranties with respect to this information are disclaimed. Reproduction of any part of this website in its entirety or partially or in any form or medium without prior written permission is prohibited. The trademarks, marques and logos of the manufacturers of devices, software, hardware, etc. are the property of their respective owners.. 
Lenovo A Plus, Lenovo P2 Now Official: Specs Of The Affordable, Midrange Smartphones. 5 September 2016, 7:14 am EDT By Vincent Lanaria Tech Times. Recently unveiling one smartphone after another, it's no mystery that Lenovo is out to get a strong position in the market this year, and as a testament to that, it's announcing two more handsets: the Lenovo A Plus targeted at customers on a budget and the midrange Lenovo P2, the successor to the Vibe P1.. To get an idea of the pair, here's a quick look at their currently known specs and other nitty-gritty:. First up, the Lenovo A Plus is a low-end, affordable smartphone from every perspective. It sports a 4.5-inch display with a 480 x 854 resolution. While it won't exactly push out clear-cut icons, videos and whatnot, it should be enough to provide a pretty decent experience in terms of everyday usage.. Under the hood, it has a MediaTek MT6580 chip that clocks in at 1.3 GHz along with 1 GB worth of RAM. It only has 8 GB of internal storage to offer, but fortunately, it's expandable via microSD card.. Going below the standard of sorts, it's packing in a 2,000 mAh battery, but considering that the device itself isn't power-hungry, that should be enough to last for quite a while.. Mobile photographers and selfie takers will also have to look elsewhere, as the Lenovo A Plus is fitted with only a 5-megapixel rear-facing camera with LED flash and a 2-megapixel front snapper.. In a word, the specs might seem a bit discouraging, but it's thanks to those configurations that the price is kept down at €69 in Europe, which is roughly $77. On top of that, there's also a dual-SIM version that slightly bumps up the cost to €79 or about $88.. As mentioned earlier, the Lenovo P2 is the improved replacement of the Lenovo Vibe P1, and just like its predecessor, its cream-of-the-crop feature is its humongous battery.. With a 5,100 mAh pack on board, it's definitely going to stay on through the day, assuming that it's under typical usage. That's a small step up from the 5,000 mAh one that its older sibling has in store, but nonetheless, it's a welcome upgrade.. More about improvements, it also houses a Qualcomm Snapdragon 625, yet another notch up compared with the Snapdragon 615 of the previous model.. It's going to have a 5.5-inch display with a resolution of 1,080 x 1,920, pushing out 401 ppi. The current model here and there in Europe has 3 GB of RAM plus 32 GB of expandable native storage, but a variant with 4 GB of RAM and 64 GB of storage is expected to launch in the foreseeable future too.. Also, it's worth pointing out that the listed specs shouldn't come as much of a surprise for some, as a TENAA certification. Out of the box, it runs on Android 6.0.1 Marshmallow. As for the rest of the features, it has a fingerprint sensor on the front, and in the camera side of things, it's equipped with a Sony-branded 13-megapixel camera on the back and a 5-megapixel shooter on the front.. Before wrapping up, it should be noted that the news comes from Chinese website MyDrivers. What do you think of the Lenovo A Plus and Lenovo P2? Feel free to hit us up in the comments section below and let us know, especially about whether or not you're going to be picking up one of the two.. If neither one is up your alley, you can always opt for another smartphone in the brand's lineup, particularly the recently unwrapped Moto Z Play , which is going to hold users back by $408 under Verizon or $449.99 for an unlocked version.. Lenovo , Lenovo A Plus , Lenovo P2. Â© 2018 Tech Times, All rights reserved. Entropia Universe Gaming Achievements: Guinness World Records, Investor Successes, And More. Entropia Universe, launched in 2003, has come a long way, earning both the game as well as its creator, several accolades. We take a look at some of the achievements.. Love Tech Times? Let's Keep in Touch!. Sign up for our email newsletter today. Tech Times' biggest stories, delivered to your inbox.. By clicking on 'Submit' button above, you confirm that you accept Tech Times Terms & Conditions. Scientists Created New Form Of Light With Potential Use In Quantum Computing. Parents Are Feeding Their Kids Bleach To 'Cure' Autism, What Is MMS?. Should You Drink Alcohol To Live Longer? Studies Show Risks Of Booze May Outweigh Benefits.. Astrophysicists Discover Ultramassive Black Holes In Far-Off Galaxies. A Woman's Bloated Stomach Turned Out To Be Surgical Sponges Left Inside Her For Several Years. Drinking Alcohol Helps Better Than Exercise If You Want To Live Past 90 Years Old. Astronomers Use Improved Hubble Telescope To Measure Expansion Rate Of The Universe. Eating Yogurt Linked To Lower Cardiovascular Disease Risk In Individuals With High Blood Pressure. Lunar Missions Reveal Moon May Have Widespread Water. Most Popular Antidepressant Among Least Effective In Treating Depression. New Google AI Can Detect Cardiovascular Diseases Using Retinal Scans. Drinking Acidic Fruit Tea Can Damage Your Teeth, Scientists Say. What Will Happen When Humans Make Contact With Aliens? Physicist Michio Kaku Says It Depends. The Amazon Rainforest Is At A Tipping Point, Research Finds. Tech Science Health Culture Reviews Features Videos Archives. About Us | Contact Us | Content Licensing | Terms & Conditions | Privacy Policy | Media Kit | BrandSpin. 
