GSM 850 / 900 / 1800 / 1900 - SIM 1 & SIM 2 (dual-SIM model only). HSDPA 850 / 900 / 1900 / 2100. LTE band 1(2100), 3(1800), 4(1700/2100), 5(850), 7(2600), 8(900), 20(800), 28(700), 38(2600), 40(2300). HSPA 42.2/5.76 Mbps, LTE-A (2CA) Cat6 300/50 Mbps. 153 x 76 x 8.3 mm (6.02 x 2.99 x 0.33 in). Single SIM (Nano-SIM) or Hybrid Dual SIM (Nano-SIM, dual stand-by). Super AMOLED capacitive touchscreen, 16M colors. 5.5 inches, 83.4 cm 2 (~71.7% screen-to-body ratio). 1080 x 1920 pixels, 16:9 ratio (~401 ppi density). Android 6.0.1 (Marshmallow), upgradable to 7.0 (Nougat). microSD, up to 256 GB (uses SIM 2 slot). 64 GB, 4 GB RAM or 32 GB, 3/4 GB RAM. 13 MP (f/2.0, 21mm, 1/3", 1.12 µm), phase detection autofocus, dual-LED dual-tone flash, check quality. Geo-tagging, touch focus, face detection, HDR, panorama. - Active noise cancellation with dedicated mic. Fingerprint (front-mounted), accelerometer, gyro, proximity, compass. SMS(threaded view), MMS, Email, Push Mail, IM. Basemark OS II: 1400 / Basemark OS II 2.0: 1235 Basemark X: 10472. Contrast ratio: Infinite (nominal), 3.316 (sunlight). Voice 67dB / Noise 72dB / Ring 86dB. Also known as Lenovo P2 P2a42, Lenovo Vibe P2. We can not guarantee that the information on this page is 100% correct. Lenovo P2 - user opinions and reviews. Company like Luminous, Exide should make smartphone with massive 10200mAh battery and Android One.. Apparently it's 300 grams which is about double of our P2.... Samsung Apple Nokia Sony LG HTC Motorola Huawei Microsoft Lenovo Xiaomi Google Acer Asus Oppo OnePlus Meizu BlackBerry Alcatel ZTE Toshiba Vodafone Energizer XOLO Lava Micromax BLU Gionee vivo LeEco Panasonic HP YU verykool Maxwest Plum. Xiaomi Redmi Note 4 Lenovo K8 Note Xiaomi Mi A1 Xiaomi Mi Max 2 Lenovo K6 Note Motorola Moto G5S Plus. Lenovo A6000 Lenovo A1000 Lenovo K8 Note Lenovo Vibe K4 Note Lenovo A7000 Lenovo K6 Note. 
Enter the characters you see below. Sorry, we just need to make sure you're not a robot. For best results, please make sure your browser is accepting cookies.. Type the characters you see in this image:. 
The source for Tech Buying Advice. More Car Tech. Tech deals, prizes and latest news. Is three day battery life truly possible?. The Lenovo P2 offers incredible battery life and still manages to tick off all the other aspects you'd want from a fantastic budget phone. If you're looking for a phone that lasts over two days, the Lenovo P2 is for you.. Lenovo P2 price and release date. The Lenovo P2 price is started at £199 (about $250, AU$330) Only out in the UK but no longer ranged by any of the major networks. No release planned for either the US or Australia Design and display Premium feel full metal unibody design Annoying placement of battery saver mode switch 5.5-inch Full HD display that's great for watching video or playing games. Update: The Lenovo P2 is now no longer ranged by Three in the UK. It means none of the major UK networks are selling the device and it's quite hard to come across the handset SIM-free. This review was written when the price of the phone was £199, but now prices for the P2 have been seen as high as £370.. If you're after a phone with similar features to the Lenovo P2, be sure to check out the Moto E4 Plus that also sports a huge battery or read our best cheap phone guide too.. Short battery life is still one of the biggest complaints people have about their phones in 2017, but Lenovo may have just solved that problem with its latest cheap handset.. The company claims the Lenovo P2 will last you three days and not skimp on other areas to be able to do it.. Many companies claim to have phenomenal battery life on their phones, but don't always make good on that claim. Yet the Lenovo P2 really does last a long time, and it's a great phone in a lot of other ways too. So should this be your next budget buy, or does it have hidden faults?. The Lenovo P2 may have mid-range specs on paper, but it launched with a fairly low-end price. In the UK it originally cost £199 (about $250, AU$330) putting it in the same price bracket as the Moto G4 Plus and a little bit more than the Moto G5 .. It was initially a Three exclusive device in the UK, but now the network has dropped the Lenovo P2 in favor of ranging the Moto E4 Plus. That now means none of the major networks are ranging the Lenovo P2.. The only way we can now find to buy a new Lenovo P2 in the UK is through Amazon where it costs almost double its original price. It's a real shame, but the Lenovo P2 isn't worth £350 when it originally launched for less than £200.. Lenovo hasn't revealed any plans for a release in Australia or US and considering the P2 has been out in the UK for sometime we don't expect it to launch in those other markets at all. If Lenovo does decide to launch the P2 in either the US or Australia, we will update this review with the full details.. Weight : 177g Dimensions : 153 x 76 x 8.3mm OS : Android 6 (upgradable to Android 7) Screen size : 5.5-inch Resolution : 1920 x 1080 CPU : Snapdragon 625 RAM : 3GB or 4GB of RAM Storage : 32/64GB Battery : 5,100mAh Rear camera : 13MP Front camera : 5MP. Most phones with a similar price to the Lenovo P2 don’t have a full metal unibody, and especially not one that feels as premium as this phone.. Other people who see you using the P2 won’t be able to tell it’s a budget device, but it's got more than just good looks, as it feels quality too, and there are rounded corners that mean it doesn’t feel sharp on the palm of your hand. The design is very reminiscent of the Huawei Mate 9 , but it's a little bit smaller.. It’s still large though – those with smaller hands may struggle to reach some parts of the phone. If you’re used to a larger phone you’ll find this easy to grip, but those who generally use smaller devices may struggle.. Considering the size of the battery in the Lenovo P2, the company has managed to keep the device surprisingly slim.. The iPhone 7 is considered thin at 7.1mm and we’ve seen even thinner devices than that, but at 8.3mm thick the Lenovo P2 is far from fat, and it’s worth sacrificing a slightly slimmer design for the added battery life on offer here.. It's worth noting how heavy the P2 is though - it feels weighty in the hand and at 177g, it's on the heavier end of the spectrum. For example, the Moto G4 Plus doesn't have a metal design or a large battery so only weighs 155g.. There’s a home button below the screen, with a built-in fingerprint scanner. It works quickly and is in a good place to tap when waking the phone. A fingerprint scanner this good is another feature you won't always get at this price point.. The volume rocker and power button are on the right edge, and are easy to reach when you have the phone in your hand.. On the left edge there's a flick switch, similar to the silent toggle on an iPhone, which activates a power saver mode. It’s a useful feature if you often want to save on battery life.. It’s in an awkward place though, as we regularly found ourselves clicking it by mistake when taking the P2 out of our pocket. This can get irritating, especially as it turns off some connectivity options such as Bluetooth and disconnects any other devices you have connected to the P2.. This is a minor gripe with the Lenovo P2’s design though and everything else is generally in a good place and feels more premium than the phone’s price suggests.. The front of the Lenovo P2 features a bright 5.5-inch Full HD AMOLED display. It comes in at 401 pixels-per-inch, which again, is good for the price.. You can still buy 720p phones with large screens for £199 (about $250, AU$330) so this is a strong setup.. The P2's display is also bright, has a good color range and you won’t be disappointed when watching video on it. Viewing angles on the P2 are good as well.. The large size of the display may be a problem for some, but we liked it as it offered a large picture when watching movies or playing games.. Next Page What’s it like to use?. You can unsubscribe at any time and we'll never share your details without your permission.. Get the best tech deals, reviews, product advice, competitions, unmissable tech news and more!. 1 Samsung Galaxy S9 release date, price, news and features. 2 Samsung Galaxy S9 launch: as it happened. 3 Samsung Galaxy S9 live stream: how to watch today's big launch event. 4 MWC 2018: All the latest news from the show. 5 How to watch Arsenal v Man City live stream online for the Carabao Cup final NOW. 1 Samsung Galaxy S9 release date, price, news and features. 2 Samsung Galaxy S9 launch: as it happened. 3 BlackBerry: 'we understand we are not for everyone' but 'we're here to stay'. 4 Best movies on Netflix UK (February 2018): 150 films to choose from. TechRadar is part of Future plc, an international media group and leading digital publisher. England and Wales company registration number 2008885.. 
Home Shop MWC News Reviews Features Opinions Videos The Gadgets 360 Show Cell Guru Prime Tech Smartphone Reviews Tech and Gadget Reviews How-To Videos Video Game Reviews and Features Top Lists by Gadgets 360 Unboxing and Hands-On Videos Podcasts Compare Mobiles Phone Finder DEALS. Mobiles Tablets Apps Gaming Cameras PC/Laptops AUDIO/VIDEO How To Telecom Science INDIA INTERNET SOCIAL MEDIA WEARABLES हिंदी. Acer Adcom Alcatel Apple Archos Asus BlackBerry Blu Celkon Coolpad Datawind Fly Gionee HTC Huawei iBall iBerry Idea InFocus Intex iVoomi Jivi Karbonn Lava LeEco Lenovo LG Lyf Maxx Mobile Meizu Micromax Microsoft Motorola MTS Nokia Obi Oppo Panasonic Philips Ringing Bells Samsung Sony Spice Swipe Videocon Vivo Wickedleak Xiaomi Xolo Yu Zen Ziox Zopo ZTE. Home Mobiles Phone Finder Lenovo P2. SPECIFICATIONS USER REVIEWS NEWS. Share on Facebook Tweet Share Share Email Reddit. Lenovo P2 smartphone was launched in September 2016. The phone comes with a 5.50-inch touchscreen display with a resolution of 1080 pixels by 1920 pixels at a PPI of 401 pixels per inch. Lenovo P2 price in India starts from Rs. The Lenovo P2 is powered by 2GHz octa-core Qualcomm Snapdragon 625 processor and it comes with 3GB of RAM. The phone packs 32GB of internal storage that can be expanded up to 128GB via a microSD card. As far as the cameras are concerned, the Lenovo P2 packs a 13-megapixel primary camera on the rear and a 5-megapixel front shooter for selfies. The Lenovo P2 runs Android 6.0 and is powered by a 5100mAh non removable battery. It measures 153.00 x 76.00 x 8.20 (height x width x thickness) and weigh 177.00 grams. The Lenovo P2 is a dual SIM (GSM and GSM) smartphone that accepts Micro-SIM and Regular. Connectivity options include Wi-Fi, GPS, Bluetooth, NFC, USB OTG, FM, 3G and 4G (with support for Band 40 used by some LTE networks in India). Sensors on the phone include Proximity sensor, Accelerometer, Ambient light sensor and Gyroscope.. REVIEW KEY SPECS NEWS Price in india. Design Display Software Performance Battery Life Camera Value for Money. Good Metal body feels premium Quick fingerprint scanner Fast charging support Great battery life Bad Feels heavy Hybrid SIM slot No scratch protection for display Low-quality bundled earphones. Read detailed Lenovo P2 review. Flipkart Pre-GST Sale on Mobile Phones Brings Down Lenovo K6 Power, Vibe K5 Note, Vibe K5 Plus, P2 Prices. Lenovo P2 Launched in India Starting Rs. 16,999: Release Date, Specifications, and More. Lenovo P2 India Launch Set for Today; Watch Live Stream. More Lenovo mobiles Lenovo mobiles price in India. Lenovo P2 Price in India P2 (Grey, 32GB, 3GB RAM) Rs. 14,990 P2 (Gold, 32GB, 4GB RAM) Rs. 14,999 P2 (Gold, 32GB, 3GB RAM) Rs. 14,999 P2 (Grey, 32GB, 4GB RAM) Rs. Release date September 2016 Form factor Touchscreen Dimensions (mm) 153.00 x 76.00 x 8.20 Weight (g) 177.00 Battery capacity (mAh) 5100 Removable battery No Colours Champagne Gold, Graphite Grey. Screen size (inches) 5.50 Touchscreen Yes Resolution 1080x1920 pixels Pixels per inch (PPI) 401. Processor 2GHz octa-core Processor make Qualcomm Snapdragon 625 RAM 3GB Internal storage 32GB Expandable storage Yes Expandable storage type microSD Expandable storage up to (GB) 128. Rear camera 13-megapixel Rear Flash Dual LED Front camera 5-megapixel. Wi-Fi Yes Wi-Fi standards supported 802.11 a/b/g/n/ac GPS Yes Bluetooth Yes, v 4.10 NFC Yes Infrared No USB OTG Yes Headphones 3.5mm FM Yes Number of SIMs 2 SIM 1 SIM Type Micro-SIM GSM/CDMA GSM 3G Yes 4G/ LTE Yes Supports 4G in India (Band 40) Yes SIM 2 SIM Type Regular GSM/CDMA GSM 3G Yes 4G/ LTE No Supports 4G in India (Band 40) Yes. Compass/ Magnetometer No Proximity sensor Yes Accelerometer Yes Ambient light sensor Yes Gyroscope Yes Barometer No Temperature sensor No. Error or missing information? Please let us know. User ratings and reviews for Lenovo P2. 2.8 Out of 5. 5 Star 2 4 Star 1 3 Star 2 Star 1 Star 3. Displaying review(s) 1- 5 of 6 Sort by: Most Helpful Most Recent. By Dharmit Shah | 17 Jan 2017. It has all things which you need. lets first talk about disadvantage of this phone:- it does not have good camera as Lenovo's weakiest point is camera. I think this are the only the disadvantages of this phone. it has fingerprint gestures.a massive 5100 mah battery as we all know... super amoled screen which does not have much filter screens...ram management is average .... atlast the most important !!!!!!it does not heat up much !!!!!!.... ......at last not the least the phone has a special charger of 24w with fast charging technology which helps the phone to charge faster as it has 5100 mah battery it lasts upto 2 days with very heavy usage. ...there is no hanging problem and ram management is above average.... Was this review helpful? Yes No. 2 out of 3 people found this review helpful. By s prasanna kumar | 12 Aug 2017. except camera every thing is good and great battery life. Was this review helpful? Yes No. By Daniel Defoe | 11 Mar 2017. I bought this phone as a replacement for my 'higher end' but poorly performing Note 4. This is a much more recent model so it surpasses some of the Note 4's specs at half the price. But the USP has got to be the Lenovo P2 battery. It isca monster and will easily last for two days under normal use. I find it can do everything I ever required of the Note 4 as well. Screen real estate does not appear any smaller although its 5.5 compared to 5.7 in the Samsung. Dual sim is a bonus, although you cannot use a memory card if two sims are being used. I also found the battery saver physical switch to be a brilliant idea. It switches off everything except phone and text messages. The camera is good but not brilliant - this is a mid range product, so no points lost for that. Screen resolution is perfect for watching video without huge battery drain.. Was this review helpful? Yes No. suggest me buy this phone is good or not. By EBIN | 13 Sep 2017. can u suggest me now this phone is available or not ...?can u help me this phone is hanging issue.....?. Was this review helpful? Yes No. By Md Farooq Husain | 13 Jan 2017. We can purchase Samsung and ETC. Was this review helpful? Yes No. Flipkart Pre-GST Sale on Mobile Phones Brings Down Lenovo K6 Power, Vibe K5 Note, Vibe K5 Plus, P2 Prices. Lenovo P2 Launched in India Starting Rs. 16,999: Release Date, Specifications, and More. Lenovo P2 India Launch Set for Today; Watch Live Stream. Lenovo P2 With 5100mAh Battery Set to Launch in India on Wednesday. Lenovo P2 With 5100mAh Battery Set to Launch in India: Specifications, Expected Price, and More. Moto M, Lenovo P2 Launch Expected on November 8. Lenovo P2 Detailed Specifications Leaked Alongside Moto M Retail Packaging [Updated]. Lenovo A Plus, Lenovo P2 Smartphones Launched at IFA 2016. Lenovo K320t Lenovo K8 Lenovo K8 Plus Lenovo K8 Note Lenovo Vibe B Lenovo Z2 Plus Lenovo A7700 Lenovo A6600 Plus Lenovo A6600 Lenovo A Plus Lenovo K6 Note Lenovo K6 Power Lenovo K6 Lenovo Vibe C2 Power Lenovo Vibe K5 Note Lenovo Vibe A Lenovo Vibe C2 Lenovo Phab 2 Plus Lenovo Phab 2 Lenovo Phab 2 Pro Lenovo Zuk Z2 Lenovo Vibe C Lenovo Zuk Z1 Lenovo Vibe K5 Lenovo Vibe K5 Plus Lenovo Vibe P1 Turbo Lenovo K5 Note Lenovo Lemon 3 Lenovo A7000 Turbo. Samsung Galaxy A7 2017 vs. Xiaomi Redmi Note 4 Lenovo P2 vs. Samsung Galaxy A9 Pro Lenovo K8 Note vs. Xiaomi Redmi Note 4g Asus Zenfone 3 Max Zc553kl vs. Samsung Galaxy J7 Prime Lenovo K8 Note vs. Lenovo P2 Lenovo P2 vs. Motorola Moto Z Play Lenovo P2 vs. Lenovo Vibe C2 Power vs. Lenovo Vibe C2 Samsung Galaxy S8 vs. Lenovo P2 Lenovo P2 vs. Samsung Galaxy J7 2016 vs. Lenovo Vibe P1 Turbo Huawei P10 vs. Nokia 7 Plus Is an Android One Phone With Dual Rear Cameras, Zeiss Optics Samsung Galaxy S9, Galaxy S9+ With Improved Cameras, AR Emoji Launched Samsung Galaxy S9, Galaxy S9+ Pre-Orders Now Open in India Nokia 8110 4G Is a 'Slider' Feature Phone With Google, Facebook Apps Nokia 7 Plus vs Nokia 7 OnePlus 5, OnePlus 5T HD Content Streaming Issue Fixed, With a Catch Vodafone to Offer 4.5GB Data Per Day for 28 Days at Rs. 799: Report Sony Xperia XZ2, Xperia XZ2 Compact With 18:9 Displays Launched at MWC Nokia 8 Sirocco With Dual Cameras, Stainless Steel Frame Launched at MWC Sony Unveils Xperia Ear Duo to Answer Apple AirPods, Samsung Gear IconX. Samsung phones price list Lyf phones price list Micromax phones price list Sony phones price list Htc phones price list Lenovo phones price list Intex phones price list Lava phones price list Apple phones price list Nokia phones price list Xolo phones price list Lg phones price list Vivo phones price list Oppo phones price list Gionee phones price list Motorola phones price list Blackberry phones price list Xiaomi phones price list. Sitemaps Archives Advertise About Us Feedback Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions Complaint Redressal Careers Contact Us RSS Ethics Lenovo P2 in Hindi. © Copyright Red Pixels Ventures Limited 2018. Subject Comments. 
Narrow your choices by category and find the laptop you truly want. From gamers to students to first-time owners, there's one for everybody.. Lots of options, but only one you, right? Narrow your choices by category, and find the laptop you truly want.. Learn more about the ThinkPad family. Learn more about the Yoga family. Learn more about the IdeaPad family. Learn more about the Lenovo family. Your tablet is an extension of your personality. Budget-friendly Android tablets, built for fun.. Business-ready Windows tablets with enhanced security features.. Because your tablet is like an extension of your personality. Check out specifics, and complement yourself.. Learn more about the Android family. Learn more about the Windows family. Plenty to consider before making your purchase. Business-ready desktops with enhanced security features.. Business-ready desktops with enhanced security features.. Plenty to consider before making your purchase. Learn more about the Lenovo family. Learn more about the IdeaCentre family. Learn more about the ThinkCentre family. A business investment requires due diligence. A business investment requires due diligence. Learn more about the ThinkStation Workstations family. Learn more about the Thinkstations family. Book the much awaited Denim Blue Laptop NOW. Get an overnighter bag worth Rs.5999 absolutely FREE on any thinkpad Laptop.. Get a Canon printer* and 2 years additional warranty#. With its massive 5100 mAh capacity, enjoy up to three days of battery life without stopping to recharge. And thanks to rapid charging, you can power up fast when you need to. Slim and stylish, the vibrant 13.97cm (5.5) Full HD Super AMOLED display is wrapped in a robust, full-metal unibody design. The Lenovo P2 lets you keep going.. Sorry, this product is no longer available. Unfortunately the "Lenovo P2" is no longer available, may we suggest:. Power up Fast and Charge Other Devices Do it All, All at Once. The Lenovo P2 works with a 24W rapid charger, giving you 10 hours of battery life in just 15 minutes of charging. 3 What’s more, your phone also doubles up as a battery pack for other devices. With a 5100 mAh capacity, there’s plenty of battery life to go around.. The Lenovo P2 takes performance to another level. With a 64-bit Qualcomm Snapdragon 625 true octa-core 2.0 GHz processor, you have all the power you need. Catch up with friends on Facebook while playing games online, and keep multiple apps open at the same time.. The Lenovo P2 has all the processing power you need.. Super-Powerful, Super-Thin Beautifully Crafted, Thoughtfully Designed. The days of worrying about battery life are over. Now the Lenovo P2 gives you enough battery life to keep up with your busy life as well as a phone that’s super-thin. With its massive 5100 mAh battery packed into a super slim design, the Lenovo P2 gives you the best of both worlds.. Own a phone that feels good in your hands and looks great on your desk. With its rounded corners, ergonomic curved back design, and full-metal unibody design, the Lenovo P2 is easy to pick up—and hard to put down. Choose from finishes in champagne gold or graphite gray.. Super slim and great to hold, the Lenovo P2 comes in champagne gold, and graphite gray.. In a Word, Brilliant Save Power With a Touch. With a 13.97cm (5.5) Full HD display with Gorilla Glass 3, videos and gaming will take on a whole new meaning. The Lenovo P2’s Super AMOLED 2 screen technology gives you vivid imagery and crystal clear sharpness, without adding bulk or wasting power.. Your Lenovo P2 features a One-Key power saver, which saves battery life with the flip of a switch. Just slide the exterior button to power down instantly.. Fitted with a Super AMOLED display for vivid imagery and crystal clear sharpness.. Android™ OS Never Miss a Moment. The Lenovo P2 smartphone runs Android™ 6.0, Marshmallow—the popular flavor of the world’s most popular mobile operating system. With shortcuts between apps and enhancements that save battery power, it’s more useful than ever.. Capture that once-in-a-lifetime photo using the 13 MP PDAF rear camera with a Sony sensor and LED flash. Or take better selfies with a 5 MP front camera. Whether you’re shooting HD video or capturing a night out with friends, you get great results even in low light.. Capture great moments with the front and rear cameras.. Two SIM Cards, One Smartphone Store More, Enjoy More Your Fingerprint, Your Password. Using different SIM cards for different carriers to save money? Then the Lenovo P2 is the phone for you. With dual nano SIM support and 4G LTE connectivity, you’ll stay connected at fast speeds and never miss a beat.. Carry your favorite songs, movies, and photos, all on your phone. There’s plenty of storage already built-in. Plus, you can always add more with a 128 GB microSD card. With up to 4 GB* of RAM, the Lenovo P2 also makes sure you have enough memory to enjoy all that fun. *Optional 4 GB RAM; also available 3 GB RAM.. Automatically unlock your phone using only your fingerprint. And feel secure with a password that’s as unique as you are.. Run videos, store songs, and share photos.. Specs Lenovo P2 Smartphone Processor Operating System Dimensions (LxWxT) Weight Battery Battery Life Active Standby: Up to 32 days' (4G) Talk Time: Up to 78.69 hours' (4G) Integrated Camera Rear: 13 MP auto-focus allows HD video recording with single LED flash Front: 5 MP fixed-focus Sound Ports Micro-USB microSD Connectivity/Radios Data: GPRS, EDGE, HSPA+, LTE Speed: LTE 300Mbps (DL) / 50Mbps (UL) CAT 6 4G Network: TDD LTE Band 38/40 FDD Band 1/3/4/5/7/8/20/28 3G Network: WCDMA 850/900/1900/2100 MHz 2G Network: GSM 850/900/1800/1900 MHz WLAN: Wi-Fi 802.11 b/g/n, Wi-Fi hotspot Bluetooth: Bluetooth® 4.1 A-GPS support: Yes Radio: FM radio Network information is subject to change for different regions Display Type: Color Options: Champagne gold Graphite gray SIM Sensors Social Networking Tools, Productivity, and Daily Life Google 1 All battery life claims are approximate and based on a mixed use profile (which includes both usage and standby time) under optimal network conditions. Actual battery performance will vary and depends on many factors including signal strength, network configuration, age of battery, operating temperature, features selected, device settings, and voice, data, and other application usage patterns. 2 AMOLED or active-matrix organic light-emitting diode is a display technology and describes a specific type of thin-film-display technology in which organic compounds form the electroluminescent material. Active matrix refers to the technology behind the addressing of pixels. 3 Battery must be substantially depleted; charging rate slows as charging progresses. All battery life claims are approximate and based on a mixed use profile (which includes both usage and standby time) under optimal network conditions. Actual battery performance will vary and depends on many factors including signal strength, network configuration, age of battery, operating temperature, features selected, device settings, and voice, data, and other application usage patterns. Content with DRM restrictions may not be able to be moved to the card. 200GB is the maximum capacity currently available.. Certain features, functionality, and product specifications may be network dependent and subject to additional terms, conditions, and charges. All are subject to change without notice. Android is a trademark of Google Inc. Dolby and the double-D symbol are registered trademarks of Dolby Laboratories. All other trademarks are the property of their respective owners. All battery life claims are approximate and based on a mixed use profile (which includes both usage and standby time) under optimal network conditions. Actual battery performance will vary and depends on many factors, including signal strength, network configuration, age of battery, operating temperature, features selected, device settings, and voice, data, and other application usage patterns. Available user storage is less due to preloaded software, and is subject to change due to software updates. Content with DRM restrictions may not be able to be moved to the card. 200 GB is the maximum capacity currently available.. Qualcomm® Snapdragon™ 625 true octa-core 2.0 GHz. 153 x 76 x 8.3 mm. Size: 13.97cm (5.5) Full HD (1920 x 1080) Super AMOLED display with Gorilla Glass 3. Vibration, Gravitation, Proximity, Light, Gyroscope (Accelerator), Magnetometer (e-Compass). Evernote, Route 66 Navi + Maps, UC Browser, McAfee Security. Maps, Hangouts Google, Google+, Play Music, Play Movies, YouTube, Gmail, Books, News & Weather, Photos, Drive, Chrome, Play store. WE'RE SORRY, BUT THERE ARE NO ACCESSORIES AVAILABLE AT THIS TIME.. The purchase quantity of the product has reached the upper limit.. Click to review all important information regarding lenovo.com pricing, restrictions, warranties, and more. Products ship within the same business day (excl. bank holidays and weekends) for orders which have been placed prior to 3pm ET and which are prepaid in full or payment approved. Software and accessories will be shipped separately and may have a different estimated ship date.. Facebook Twitter Google+ YouTube Flickr Lenovo Forums. You are going to open an external link and will leave lenovo.com.Are you sure to leave?. You are going to open an external link and will leave lenovo.com.Are you sure to leave?. You are going to open an external link and will leave lenovo.com.Are you sure to leave?. You are going to open an external link and will leave lenovo.com.Are you sure to leave?. You are going to open an external link and will leave lenovo.com.Are you sure to leave?. Print this page Privacy Site Map Terms of Use External Submission Policy. 
Our new search experience requires JavaScript to be enabled. Please enable JavaScript on your browser , then try again .. All Categories Antiques Art Baby Books Business & Industrial Cameras & Photo Cell Phones & Accessories Clothing, Shoes & Accessories Coins & Paper Money Collectibles Computers/Tablets & Networking Consumer Electronics Crafts Dolls & Bears DVDs & Movies eBay Motors Entertainment Memorabilia Gift Cards & Coupons Health & Beauty Home & Garden Jewelry & Watches Music Musical Instruments & Gear Pet Supplies Pottery & Glass Real Estate Specialty Services Sporting Goods Sports Mem, Cards & Fan Shop Stamps Tickets & Experiences Toys & Hobbies Travel Video Games & Consoles Everything Else. Hi ( Sign in to bid or buy) Daily Deals Gift Cards Help & Contact Sell. Summary Recently Viewed Bids/Offers Watch List Purchase History Selling Saved Searches Saved Sellers Messages. Refine your search for lenovo p2. All Listings - Current page. Quickly compare offers in our new grouped view. Save lenovo p2 to get e-mail alerts and updates on your eBay Feed.. Unfollow lenovo p2 to stop getting updates on your eBay Feed.. You'll receive email and Feed alerts when new items arrive. Afghanistan - AFG Albania - ALB Algeria - DZA American Samoa - ASM Andorra - AND Angola - AGO Anguilla - AIA Antigua and Barbuda - ATG Argentina - ARG Armenia - ARM Aruba - ABW Australia - AUS Austria - AUT Azerbaijan Republic - AZE Bahamas - BHS Bahrain - BHR Bangladesh - BGD Barbados - BRB Belarus - BLR Belgium - BEL Belize - BLZ Benin - BEN Bermuda - BMU Bhutan - BTN Bolivia - BOL Bosnia and Herzegovina - BIH Botswana - BWA Brazil - BRA British Virgin Islands - VGB Brunei Darussalam - BRN Bulgaria - BGR Burkina Faso - BFA Burma - MMR Burundi - BDI Cambodia - KHM Cameroon - CMR Canada - CAN Cape Verde Islands - CPV Cayman Islands - CYM Central African Republic - CAF Chad - TCD Chile - CHL China - CHN Colombia - COL Comoros - COM Congo, Democratic Republic of the - COD Congo, Republic of the - COG Cook Islands - COK Costa Rica - CRI Cote d Ivoire (Ivory Coast) - CIV Croatia, Republic of - HRV Cyprus - CYP Czech Republic - CZE Denmark - DNK Djibouti - DJI Dominica - DMA Dominican Republic - DOM Ecuador - ECU Egypt - EGY El Salvador - SLV Equatorial Guinea - GNQ Eritrea - ERI Estonia - EST Ethiopia - ETH Falkland Islands (Islas Malvinas) - FLK Fiji - FJI Finland - FIN France - FRA French Guiana - GUF French Polynesia - PYF Gabon Republic - GAB Gambia - GMB Georgia - GEO Germany - DEU Ghana - GHA Gibraltar - GIB Greece - GRC Greenland - GRL Grenada - GRD Guadeloupe - GLP Guam - GUM Guatemala - GTM Guernsey - GGY Guinea - GIN Guinea-Bissau - GNB Guyana - GUY Haiti - HTI Honduras - HND Hong Kong - HKG Hungary - HUN Iceland - ISL India - IND Indonesia - IDN Ireland - IRL Israel - ISR Italy - ITA Jamaica - JAM Japan - JPN Jersey - JEY Jordan - JOR Kazakhstan - KAZ Kenya - KEN Kiribati - KIR Korea, South - KOR Kuwait - KWT Kyrgyzstan - KGZ Laos - LAO Latvia - LVA Lebanon - LBN Liechtenstein - LIE Lithuania - LTU Luxembourg - LUX Macau - MAC Macedonia - MKD Madagascar - MDG Malawi - MWI Malaysia - MYS Maldives - MDV Mali - MLI Malta - MLT Marshall Islands - MHL Martinique - MTQ Mauritania - MRT Mauritius - MUS Mayotte - MYT Mexico - MEX Micronesia - FSM Moldova - MDA Monaco - MCO Mongolia - MNG Montenegro - MNE Montserrat - MSR Morocco - MAR Mozambique - MOZ Namibia - NAM Nauru - NRU Nepal - NPL Netherlands - NLD Netherlands Antilles - ANT New Caledonia - NCL New Zealand - NZL Nicaragua - NIC Niger - NER Nigeria - NGA Niue - NIU Norway - NOR Oman - OMN Pakistan - PAK Palau - PLW Panama - PAN Papua New Guinea - PNG Paraguay - PRY Peru - PER Philippines - PHL Poland - POL Portugal - PRT Puerto Rico - PRI Qatar - QAT Reunion - REU Romania - ROU Russian Federation - RUS Rwanda - RWA Saint Helena - SHN Saint Kitts-Nevis - KNA Saint Lucia - LCA Saint Pierre and Miquelon - SPM Saint Vincent and the Grenadines - VCT San Marino - SMR Saudi Arabia - SAU Senegal - SEN Serbia - SRB Seychelles - SYC Sierra Leone - SLE Singapore - SGP Slovakia - SVK Slovenia - SVN Solomon Islands - SLB Somalia - SOM South Africa - ZAF Spain - ESP Sri Lanka - LKA Suriname - SUR Swaziland - SWZ Sweden - SWE Switzerland - CHE Taiwan - TWN Tajikistan - TJK Tanzania - TZA Thailand - THA Togo - TGO Tonga - TON Trinidad and Tobago - TTO Tunisia - TUN Turkey - TUR Turkmenistan - TKM Turks and Caicos Islands - TCA Tuvalu - TUV Uganda - UGA Ukraine - UKR United Arab Emirates - ARE United Kingdom - UK United States - USA Uruguay - URU Uzbekistan - UZB Vanuatu - VUT Vatican City State - VAT Venezuela - VEN Vietnam - VNM Virgin Islands (U.S) - VIR Wallis and Futuna - WLF Western Sahara - ESH Western Samoa - WSM Yemen - YEM Zambia - ZMB Zimbabwe - ZWE. (Unlocked) NEW Lenovo P2 P2a42 Dual Sim 4GB RAM 32GB Grey/Gold. Lenovo Vibe P2 Octa Core 5.5" Smartphone 4GB+64GB 5100mAh Dual SIM Global ROM. TPU SILICONE COVER FOR LENOVO P2 SOFT CASE SILICON BUMPER MOBILE PHONE. OEM For Lenovo Vibe P2 P2A42 P2c72 5.5" LCD Display Touch Screen Digitizer + 3M. Ultra Thin Slim Clear Soft Silicone TPU Case Cover For Lenovo K3 K6 K8 A6000 P2. For Lenovo Vibe P2 Phone Soft Silicone TPU Matte Back Protector Case Cover P2C72. For Lenovo P2 Case Rugged Armor Hybrid Hard Stand Protective Phone Cover. Lenovo P2 (Grey, 32 GB) 4GB RAM (4G) 5.5" 13MP Camera SHIP DHL. Luxury Mirror PC Back Cover Skin + Metal Bumper Case For Lenovo P1 P2 K5 K6 Note. Lenovo Vibe P2 Android 6.0 Smartphone - 5.5", Octa-Core,4GB RAM, Dual-IMEI, 4G. Lenovo Vibe P2 LTE Cell Phone Android 6.0 Octa Core 2.0GHz 5.5inch 4G RAM 64G RO. Lenovo P2 Unlocked Dual Sim 5.5inch 2Ghz Octa Core 13MP 32GB 4GB Ram 4G 5100mah. Individuality Hybrid Rubber Armor Case Cover For Lenovo Vibe P1 P2 Phab2 Plus. Lenovo Vibe P2 Smartphone - 5.5 Inch FHD Display, Dual-IMEI, 4G, Fingerprint, Sn. For Lenovo Vibe P2 C72 Snap On Matte hard case back cover. Luxury Mirror Back Case for Lenovo ZUK Z2 Vibe P2 Hybrid Shockproof Phone Cover. Durable Matte Protective Phone Shell Soft TPU Back Case Cover Skin For Lenovo P2. Lenovo Vibe P2 C72 Snapdragon 625 Octa Core Fingerprint 4+64GB smartphone a F01. Rubber Patterned Soft TPU Silicone Back Protective Case Cover Skin For Lenovo. TPU SILICONE CRYSTAL CASE FOR LENOVO P2 SOFT COVER SILICON PROTECTION MOBILE. 2Pcs 9H Premium Tempered Glass Screen Protector Cover Film For Lenovo Cell Phone. FLIP COVER FOR LENOVO P2 BLACK LEATHER CASE SLIM BACK SHELL HARD MOBILE PHONE. New Thin Tempered Glass Screen Protector Film Protection Cover For Lenovo Series. TPU SILICONE COVER FOR LENOVO P2 BLACK MATT SOFT CASE SILICON BUMPER MOBILE. Outer Front Screen Glass Replacement For Lenovo P2 Vibe P2 P2a42 P2c72 5.5''+OCA. For Lenovo K5/K6/K8 Note Crocodile Slim Leather Skin Case Hard Shockproof Cover. Magnetic Embossing Flip Leather Wallet Stand Case Cover For Lenovo K5 K6 K8 Note. 9H+ Premium Tempered Glass Film HD Screen Protector For Lenovo Vibe P2 P2c72 6.0. Black LCD Display Digitizer Touch Screen Assembly For Lenovo Vibe P2 1920x1080. 5.5" Lenovo Vibe P2 Lenovo P2 P2a42 P2c72 Gold AMOLED LCD Display Touch Assembly. For Lenovo A Plus A1010/Vibe C2 Power Case Cover Wallet Leather Flip Pouch Saver. Tempered Glass + Ultra Thin Clear TPU Soft back Protective Case Cover For Lenovo. Genuine Premium Tempered Glass Guard Screen Protector For Lenovo Vibe P2 P2c72. For Lenovo Vibe P2 Shockproof Luxury 2in1 PU+TPU Invisible Kickstand Cover Case. 2Pcs 9H Tempered Glass Screen Protector Film Protective For Lenovo K5 Note A7020. For Lenovo Mobiles Slim Premium Matte PC Hard Back Shell Cover Skin Case. 2Pcs 9H+ Hardness Genuine Tempered Glass Screen Protector For Lenovo K6 Note 5.5. Shockproof Hard Armor Hybrid Soft Rubber Case Kickstand Cover For Lenovo Vibe P2. For Lenovo Vibe P2 Shockproof Simple Clear Soft TPU Cover Case. For Lenovo Vibe P2 Shockproof Clear Translucent Soft TPU Cover Case 4 Colors. For Lenovo P2, Ultra Clear Premium Tempered Glass Screen Protector Film. BOYA for Lenovo aluminum metal phone case mirror protective skin back PC skin. kwmobile HARD COVER FOR LENOVO P2 CASE BACK HARD SHELL BUMPER MOBILE PHONE. Battery Back Cover Case For Lenovo Vibe P2 P2c72 P2a42 Replacement Shell. For Lenovo Vibe P2 Luxury Alligator Coated Design hard case back cover. Jewelled Bling Crystal Rhinestone Diamond tassel pendant Soft phone cover case N. For Lenovo Vibe P2 Luxury Aluminum Metal Frame Mirror PC Push-Pull Cover Case. For Lenovo Vibe P2 Business Crocodile Grain Shockproof PC+PU Cover Case Skin. For Lenovo Vibe P2 P 2 Shockproof Rugged PC Hybrid TPU Case Rotate Stand Cover. Heavy Duty Shockproof Hard Case Cover With Stand For Various Smart Mobile Phones. Customs services and international tracking provided. eBay determines this price through a machine learned model of the product's sale prices within the last 90 days.. eBay determines trending price through a machine learned model of the product’s sale prices within the last 90 days. "New" refers to a brand-new, unused, unopened, undamaged item, and "Used" refers to an item that has been used previously.. Top Rated Plus Sellers with highest buyer ratings Returns, money back Ships in a business day with tracking Learn More. Top Rated Plus Sellers with highest buyer ratings Returns, money back Ships in a business day with tracking Learn More. Cell Phones, Smart Watches & Accessories. Cell Phone Cases, Covers & Skins. $ Enter minimum price to $ Enter maximum price. Please enter a minimum and/or maximum price before continuing.. Site Map Copyright © 1995-2018 eBay Inc. Accessibility , User Agreement , Privacy , Cookies and AdChoice Norton Secured - powered by Verisign. Amounts shown in italicized text are for items listed in currency other than U.S. dollars and are approximate conversions to U.S. dollars based upon Bloomberg's conversion rates. For more recent exchange rates, please use the Universal Currency Converter. Number of bids and bid amounts may be slightly out of date. See each listing for international shipping options and costs.. 
Press enter or click on the search icon. 5.5-inch Full HD Super AMOLED display (401ppi), Gorilla Glass 3. Micro-USB, "Rapid Charge", USB OTG charging, 3.5mm audio jack. MicroSD up to 256GB (replaces 1 x SIM slot). Lenovo P2 – Design and Build. The P2 is Lenovo’s biggest phone launch to date in the UK that doesn’t feature the Moto branding.. And it isn’t just some no-frills, mid-range phone: the P2 brings something unique to the table in the form of a huge 5,100mAh battery and a sub-£200 price, making it one of the most impressive phones we’ve seen in the past year.. The P2 can only be bought from the Three phone network in the UK, but all the phones are unlocked, so you won’t be stuck on Three if you have a SIM-only contract elsewhere. Note that you’ll need to buy the phone with a £10 PAYG SIM, bringing the total cost to £209.99.. Despite the inclusion of an enormous battery, the P2 isn’t as unwieldy as you might expect. Its 177g weight is certainly heavier than many of the 5.5-inch phones on the market, and the handset is by no means slim at 8.3mm.. Nevertheless, I had no problems carrying it in my pocket throughout my week of testing. It might not be so easy for those who wear tighter jeans, though: if you can, we’d suggest you try before you buy.. For reference, the iPhone 7 Plus has a 5.5-inch screen and comes in at a heavier 188g and a slightly thinner 7.3mm. The P2 is well within the realms of regular size and weight.. The P2 isn’t an outwardly attractive phone, but it feels sturdy. The dark grey metal around the rear of the device doesn’t become greasy and so didn’t pick up marks easily – a big plus. It’s comfortable to hold in the hand, largely thanks to its tapered edges, which disguise its thickness to a degree. The camera sits beneath the chassis, offering some protection against rough surfaces.. The volume rocker and power button are both found along the right edge of the phone and are easy to reach when holding the device right-handed.. The headphone jack is on the top – which, personally, I found irritating but some people may like – while the charging port is at the bottom.. The phone charges over micro-USB, which will be of immense frustration to techies who insist upon the reversible USB Type-C standard these days. However, since Lenovo provides a charger in the box and all your previous phones are likely to have used micro-USB, you’ll probably get over it. On the left edge is a battery-saver toggle switch that lets you turn your smartphone into a “dumb” phone by turning off mobile data, disabling apps and only letting you send SMS and make calls.. Get news, competitions and special offers direct to your inbox. By submitting your information, you agree to the Terms & Conditions and Privacy & Cookies Policy .. Please keep me up to date with special offers and news from Trusted Reviews and other brands within the Time Inc. You can unsubscribe at any time.. We'd also like to send you special offers and news just by email from other carefully selected companies we think you might like. Your personal details will not be shared with those companies - we send the emails and you can unsubscribe at any time. Please tick here if you are happy to receive these messages.. Terms & Conditions and Privacy & Cookies Policy. This switch can’t be changed into a Do Not Disturb switch (as seen on the OnePlus 3 and various iPhones for years), which is actually quite annoying given that easy access to a power-saving mode is about as low on my priorities list as easy access to the FM radio. I would have preferred that this switch could be customised.. It isn’t easy to hit by accident, at least; it only juts out slightly from the chassis and has a very deliberate action.. The left edge also contains the dual SIM card slot. The second SIM slot doubles as a microSD card slot, and can handle up to 256GB of external storage.. On the front, there’s a fingerprint scanner that also acts as a physical home button. There aren’t any soft buttons either side of it, so you’ll still need Android’s on-screen Overview and Back buttons. This in effect means you end up with two Home buttons; one on the screen and one physical.. The fingerprint scanner is very reliable and super-useful for making payments and unlocking the phone. Scanners have become so common on phones these days that it’s hard to recommend a phone without one.. On the top is the front-facing camera and notification LED, which blinks for various unread notifications. Annoyingly, notifications that aren’t missed calls or SMS messages are all highlighted with the same colour LED, which is a weird limitation. The phone ignores other apps that have their own notification LED colour and overrides them.. It’s a 5.5-inch Super AMOLED panel with a Full HD resolution and is protected by a layer of Gorilla Glass 3. Full HD is more than enough for a phone of this size, and you’d be hard-pressed to spot any rough edges here.. Blacks are super-dark – almost completely so – and whites are clean and bright. Colours are punchy and vibrant, and viewing angles are beyond reproach. For the money, there isn’t a better phone screen on the market.. You can switch between Vibrant and Normal colour modes. I preferred the oversaturated Vibrant, simply because it’s more pleasing to my eye. Others may prefer the realistic, slightly muted tones of the Normal mode.. Usefully, there’s a built-in Night mode that lets you reduce the screen brightness well below the minimum offered by the on-screen adjuster. At its absolute lowest, the screen is almost impossible to read when in a lit room. But it’s a brilliant idea when you want to read in bed without disturbing your partner or searing your eyes.. Trusted Reviews is part of Time Inc. (UK) Ltd Fashion & Beauty Network. 
more ... more .... more ... more .... 4 Call Quality, Battery life and Conclusion. by Victor Hristov. Android - Android + Lenovo - Lenovo +. 4 Call Quality, Battery life and Conclusion. Introduction If you are in store for a big phone with a great battery life and a very affordable price, the Lenovo P2 will inevitably show up as an option. The 5.5-inch phone by Lenovo features a gigantic, 5,100 mAh battery, a OnePlus 3 -esque design, and a price of under $300 (€300). The P2 also stands out with its one-of-a-kind physical side button dedicated solely to enabling battery saving mode and… with the rather frugal Snapdragon 625 chip running the show, it’s all about maximizing battery life. Is it a good phone overall, though? Isn’t it too thick? How is the camera? We answer these and other questions in our detailed review, let’s jump right in. Design and Display Old-school design that looks solid, but lacks refinement. Display quality is not terrible, but whites are greenish and colors are not well balanced. The Lenovo P2 is a phone that is made to impress with battery longevity, and a bigger battery usually means a thicker and unsightly phone, but the P2 is none of that. It features a sturdy metal construction: it’s metal for the frame, the sides and side buttons, and the back cover is metal as well (with two tiny strips of plastic for the antenna, but those are painted the same color as the metal back cover and do not poke out in any weird way). In fact, if we had to look for similar phones, we would say that the Lenovo P2 looks very similar to the OnePlus 3 and 3T , two devices that we have complimented on their looks in the past. But wait, we hear you asking, isn’t the Lenovo P2, with its 5,100 mAh battery, significantly thicker too? True, it is a thicker phone, but the difference is really not that noticeable: the phone has a slightly curved towards the edges back cover that measures just 8.3mm thick (the OnePlus 3 measures 7.35mm). We are impressed that Lenovo fit such a huge battery in such a manageable form factor, and we definitely do not feel that the P2 is too thick. Other details include a fast and responsive fingerprint scanner up front, built-in the home key, a 3.5mm headset jack strangely positioned at the top of the phone, and a microUSB port for charging (we really wish it was a USB-C). Forget about water-proofing, though: this phone is not protected from the elements in any special way, so you need to be more careful handling it. The Lenovo P2 features a 5.5-inch Super AMOLED 1080 x 1920-pixel Full HD screen with all the typical characteristics of an AMOLED display: deep blacks, excellent contrast, great viewing angles, but also colors that are not perfectly balanced. You have two color modes to choose from: one with vivid, punchy color, and one with more neutral colors, but interestingly, whites appear a bit greenish, which definitely affects image quality all across. Other colors are also not properly balanced and appear oversaturated. We would say that color reproductions is decent, but not really great. There is a weird Night mode settings that further dims the screens, but does not filter out the blue light, so you’d need a third party app for that.. 6.02 x 2.99 x 0.33 inches. 153 x 76 x 8.3 mm. 6.01 x 2.94 x 0.29 inches. 152.7 x 74.7 x 7.35 mm. 6.23 x 3.07 x 0.29 inches. 158.2 x 77.9 x 7.3 mm. 5.94 x 2.86 x 0.3 inches. 150.9 x 72.6 x 7.7 mm. To see the phones in real size or compare them with other models, visit our Visual Phone Size Comparison page.. Minimum brightness (nits) Lower is better. Contrast Higher is better. Color temperature (Kelvins). Delta E rgbcmy Lower is better. Delta E grayscale Lower is better. The CIE 1931 xy color gamut chart represents the set (area) of colors that a display can reproduce, with the sRGB colorspace (the highlighted triangle) serving as reference. The chart also provides a visual representation of a display's color accuracy. The small squares across the boundaries of the triangle are the reference points for the various colors, while the small dots are the actual measurements. Ideally, each dot should be positioned on top of its respective square. The 'x: CIE31' and 'y: CIE31' values in the table below the chart indicate the position of each measurement on the chart. 'Y' shows the luminance (in nits) of each measured color, while 'Target Y' is the desired luminance level for that color. Finally, 'ΔE 2000' is the Delta E value of the measured color. Delta E values of below 2 are ideal.. These measurements are made using SpectraCal's CalMAN calibration software.. The Color accuracy chart gives an idea of how close a display's measured colors are to their referential values. The first line holds the measured (actual) colors, while the second line holds the reference (target) colors. The closer the actual colors are to the target ones, the better.. These measurements are made using SpectraCal's CalMAN calibration software.. The Grayscale accuracy chart shows whether a display has a correct white balance (balance between red, green and blue) across different levels of grey (from dark to bright). The closer the Actual colors are to the Target ones, the better.. These measurements are made using SpectraCal's CalMAN calibration software.. (Posts: 6747; Member since: 30 Sep 2014). posted on 23 Mar 2017, 09:43. why did you compare this sub-$300 phone with flagships? (OP3T, S7edge. and microUSB is a con? lol... (Posts: 907; Member since: 27 May 2011). posted on 23 Mar 2017, 09:46. We compare it to popular phones of similar size because those are the phones people use. You can always add the phone you are interested using our tools and see how they compare in terms of battery life, performance and camera quality.. (Posts: 25; Member since: 23 Feb 2017). posted on 23 Mar 2017, 11:33. Why not just put smartphone with the same price and same size? That's more objective than this one. G S7e and iPhone 7p vs Lenovo P2? WTF. (Posts: 6747; Member since: 30 Sep 2014). posted on 23 Mar 2017, 19:26. in response to #5 Hide. should be compared with J7prime, Oppo F1s, Nokia 6, Honor 6X, or Moto G4 Plus. (Posts: 42; Member since: 22 May 2011). posted on 03 Jun 2017, 07:35. I think this is even more usefull. Now to me it's obvious a €300,00 phone can compete with phones costing twice or even 3 times as much in certain fields.. (Posts: 333; Member since: 12 Jun 2015). posted on 23 Mar 2017, 10:11. This phone is great expect for the camera. I've had it for the past 3 months and it performs better than my Note 5. Your battery tests need to be revisited PA, that phone can hold up to 20 hrs SoT at 20% brightness. And the UI is no big deal, throw Nova Launcher and you're good to go. Very good build quality, impressive audio output, the AMOLED screen is great, very fast fingerprint scanner, balanced performance, top notch battery... the only downside is the average camera. Overall I give it 8.5 out of 10.. (Posts: 907; Member since: 27 May 2011). posted on 24 Mar 2017, 02:14. It is indeed absolutely amazing in terms of battery life. Our tests are consistent, but sometimes there is more to battery life like stand-by time, etc. In my personal experience, I have never used a phone with such a long-lasting battery, it's a game-changer.. (Posts: 347; Member since: 16 Nov 2011). posted on 23 Mar 2017, 10:37. Best value for money smartphone of 2017. I hope there will be successor to the P2 with a better camera. It's the only real downside of the P2.. (Posts: 1; Member since: 23 Mar 2017). posted on 23 Mar 2017, 16:29. I agree with the above comments, great phone with outstanding battery life. The 7.0 score is way too low, but you can't trust PAs review scores anyway. Android Nougat should arrive in april and I also can't understand the complaints about the interface. It doesn't look that bad, but I use Nova Launcher anyway. The settings on my former S7 were much more skinned, here it is much closer to stock android. The battery of my S7 lasted nearly 2 days for me, now I charge the P2 every 4-5 days. By the way, the included charger seems to be the fastest available (see videos on youtube). I got another P2 for my wife from amazon italy for just 210€, what a deal!. (Posts: 907; Member since: 27 May 2011). posted on 24 Mar 2017, 02:15. Thanks for sharing! Wow, that's a great deal for that price. You can only fix so much with a launcher. The software experience - when compared with all others - especially the visual side, looks very dated. The settings menu looks way better on Nougat phones, so let's hope that Lenovo brings its A game in April.. (Posts: 4; Member since: 28 May 2012). posted on 24 Mar 2017, 06:07. It won't ever see Nougat let alone O. I'd rather pay a bit more for something better.. (Posts: 42; Member since: 22 May 2011). posted on 03 Jun 2017, 07:40. So better means updates to you? That's not the case for everyone.. (Posts: 413; Member since: 31 Mar 2011). posted on 25 Mar 2017, 03:42. I have this phone and I would agree with the reviewer. The display is AMOLED, but not calibrated properly, even Oneplus X display is better. FP sensor is faster, but many times it fails to recognize, it's not better than Moto G4 Plus. The camera is decent only in good lighting, in artificial light, it's really bad. Buy this phone, only if your main priority is battery life, which phone can give you 8h SOT with 2 days, while travelling with dual SIMs, 4G always on.. (Posts: 1; Member since: 13 May 2009). posted on 04 Apr 2017, 01:25. I'm sorry to say PA, but you are loosing respect by every review that you are writing here. "We compare it to popular phones of similar size because those are the phones people use." If this is your logic to compare the phones against its peers then I must say, you are also loosing sight of your own competitors in the market. PA was once a great site with excellent insights into the mobile industry and its trends and future predictions. Now it seems the management is disillusioned with the current market trends and is churning out the same old thing without innovating themselves(relying heavily on evleaks). Gentlemen and Ladies At PhoneArena, if you are reading this kindly focus on what the market requires, on what distinguishing capabilities you have, Innovate Innovate Innovate... Hope the site achieves its former glory. (Posts: 541; Member since: 29 Aug 2014). posted on 05 Apr 2017, 02:27. (Posts: 42; Member since: 22 May 2011). posted on 03 Jun 2017, 07:42. So which phone doesn't come from China that you like?. (Posts: 169; Member since: 09 Oct 2016). posted on 23 May 2017, 03:15. they can't revisit battery test, since iphones would fall off the chart if they do it.. Want to comment? Please login or register .. Display 5.5 inches, 1080 x 1920 pixels (401 ppi) Super AMOLED. Size 6.02 x 2.99 x 0.33 inches (153 x 76 x 8.3 mm). Qualcomm Snapdragon 625, Octa-core, 2000 MHz, ARM Cortex-A53 processor 4 GB RAM. Gear S4 may come with a blood pressure monitor, Samsung patent reveals. Google Pay launches today, but its most important feature is not here yet. Galaxy S9 and S9+ previewed in glorious detail with full specs and release date. Galaxy S9 and S9+ price and release date on Verizon, AT&T, T-Mobile and Best Buy. The Samsung Galaxy S9 and S9+ have game-changing cameras with variable aperture and 960fps slow-mo video recording. The Big Barcelona Camera Comparison: iPhone X vs Pixel 2 XL vs Note 8. Samsung Galaxy S9 and S9+ rumor review: Specs, design, features, price and release date. Samsung Galaxy A8 (2018) Review 6.5. Sony Xperia XA2 and Xperia XA2 Ultra Review 7.8. Huawei Mate 10 Lite Review 8. Jabra Elite 65t wireless earphones Review 8.5. Samsung Galaxy Note 3 vs Samsung Galaxy Note 2. LG V30 Review 8.8. Sony presents Xperia XZ2 and XZ2 Compact: new design and Snapdragon 845. Galaxy S9 Exynos edition gets benchmarked against rivals!. Galaxy S9 first camera comparison vs iPhone X, V30, S8. Samsung Galaxy S9 & S9+ hands-on. MWC 2018: top smartphones to expect. Best smartphone you can buy in 2018. Allo is a quality app, but Google isn't giving it a real chance. All content (phone reviews, news, specs, info), design and layouts are Copyright 2001-2018 phoneArena.com. Reproduction in whole or in part or in any form or medium without written permission is prohibited! Privacy. 
Home Shop MWC News Reviews Features Opinions Videos The Gadgets 360 Show Cell Guru Prime Tech Smartphone Reviews Tech and Gadget Reviews How-To Videos Video Game Reviews and Features Top Lists by Gadgets 360 Unboxing and Hands-On Videos Podcasts Compare Mobiles Phone Finder DEALS. Mobiles Tablets Apps Gaming Cameras PC/Laptops AUDIO/VIDEO How To Telecom Science INDIA INTERNET SOCIAL MEDIA WEARABLES हिंदी. Home Mobiles Mobiles Reviews. Ketan Pratap , 11 January 2017. Share on Facebook Tweet Share Share Email Reddit Comment. The Lenovo P2 has been launched in India starting at Rs. The handset will be available exclusively via Flipkart in India. Gadgets 360 rates the phone 7 out of 10. Lenovo ended 2016 on a high, as the second-place smartphone vendor in India in terms of market share. A new IDC study released recently shows that that Lenovo (now including Motorola) saw significant increase in sales during the holiday season around October 2016 , thanks to high demand for the Moto E3 Power , Moto G4 series, and the Lenovo K5 series. Lenovo seems to be intent on maintaining its momentum in the new year.. After launching the Lenovo K6 Power ( Review ) and Lenovo K6 Note ( Review ) in December, the company has kicked off 2017 with the launch of the Lenovo P2 in India. The smartphone was first unveiled at IFA last year and is coming to India within four months of its global debut.. The main highlight of the P2 smartphone, much like its predecessor, the Lenovo Vibe P1 , is a large battery. This time around, however, Lenovo is also promoting other aspects of the phone, including its design, camera, and security features. The Lenovo P2's pricing puts it up against some of the most popular mid-range smartphones. Will the company's first 2017 launch be as well received as last year's successful models? We try to find out in our review.. Lenovo P2 look and feel The Lenovo P2 features an all-metal body, and the aluminium material certainly feels sturdy. There is nothing new in terms of design, but the P2's overall polish gives it premium feel. There's a lot of empty space above and below the display. The physical home button has an integrated fingerprint scanner, but there's nothing else on the phone's relatively thick chin.. The Lenovo P2 will be launching in Champagne Gold and Graphite Grey (which we got for our review) in India. At 177 grams, this phone is a bit heavier than most others in its class, but that's explained by the massive battery. Lenovo is stressing the fact that the Lenovo P2 at 8.3mm is thinner than the Lenovo P1 ( Review ), which measured 9.9mm thick. In everyday usage, the Lenovo P2 felt a bit too heavy, and we were more comfortable when using it with two hands, especially when typing.. The right side of the P2 is where you'll find the volume rocker and power button, while the hybrid SIM tray which accepts dual Nano-SIMs is on the left. The left side also has a slider switch that Lenovo calls a "power-saving key", which toggles the Ultimate Power Saver mode. In this mode, you see a countdown timer which actually tells you how much battery life you have remaining. The physical button placement is fairly ergonomic and there is decent tactile feedback for all buttons.. There is a Micro-USB port along with speaker grilles on the bottom, and a 3.5mm audio jack on top. The primary camera with dual-LED flash is on the back, and Lenovo branding can be seen lower down. The smartphone also sports a "Made in India" tag. The design of the P2's rear panel is a lot like that of Lenovo's other recent smartphones, and it fits in well with the range.. The 5.5-inch full-HD Super Amoled display on the Lenovo P2 is vibrant, with good visibility even under direct sunlight. Text and images appear really sharp, and the screen size makes the device well suited for media consumption. Viewing angles are decent, and colour reproduction is adequate. There is 2.5D curved glass covering the display. However, we were disappointed that there is no scratch protection, and we noticed minor nicks on the glass during our review.. In the retail box, you get a screen guard, a cover, a data cable, a 24W power adaptor, a SIM ejector, and an instruction booklet.. Lenovo P2 specifications and features The Lenovo P2 is powered by an octa-core Qualcomm Snapdragon 625 (MSM8953) clocked at 2GHz, coupled with either 3GB or 4GB of RAM. Both versions of the phone have 32GB of built-in storage.. There have been a lot of smartphones launched in India with the same SoC, including the Asus ZenFone 3 ( Review ) and Moto Z Play ( Review ) - both of which are priced higher than the P2 smartphone.. To expand the 32GB of storage microSD cards of up to 128GB are supported. However, the hybrid SIM means that users will have to choose between a second SIM and a microSD card. There is a 13-megapixel camera with a Sony sensor and dual LED flash at the back, plus a 5-megapixel camera on the front.. Other specifications include Wi-Fi 802.11 ac/a/b/g/n, Bluetooth 4.1, NFC, FM radio, and GPS/A-GPS. The phone supports 4G as well as VoLTE on both SIMs, and we were able to make calls through the Jio network. Lenovo claims that the P2 supports LTE Cat. 6 with download speeds of up to 300Mbps and uploads at up to 50Mbps.. The Lenovo P2 runs on Android 6.0 Marshmallow with the company's Vibe Pure UI on top. The software is largely the same as what we have seen recently on the Lenovo K6 Power ( Review ) and K6 Note ( Review ). For the P2, Lenovo has gone with on-screen navigation keys rather than capacitive buttons. Lenovo told Gadgets 360 that the P2 is the first Lenovo phone to have on-screen navigation buttons, and this solves one of the big issues we faced on the Lenovo K6 Power and K6 Note, which was the lack of backlighting for their capacitive buttons.. Lenovo has added a System button option in the settings, which lets you choose the positioning of the on-screen buttons, or even hide the navigation bar altogether - users will have to swipe up from the bottom to show the hidden buttons if this is enabled. The P2 retains a lot of software features from the Lenovo K6 Power and K6 Note including the Dual Apps mode that allows apps to be used with two different accounts on the same phone. Knock to Light wakes the phone with double-tap on the screen while it is off; VR mode allows the smartphone to work with Ant VR headset; and Wide Touch offers one-touch shortcut access through a floating button. You can also quickly toggle the flashlight by long-pressing the Home button when the phone is in standby.. The Secure Zone feature is also present on the Lenovo P2 though users should note that it will only work when the Dual app profile feature is turned off. The Secure Zone lets users configure secondary accounts for apps such as Whatsapp. Much like with previous Lenovo handsets, you get the option to lock these apps with a PIN, pattern, or even fingerprint.. The Lenovo P2 also allows users to perform gestures using the fingerprint sensor. A single tap can act like the back button, touching and holding triggers the recent apps screen, and a single press takes you back to home screen. The fingerprint scanner can also be long-pressed to launch Google Now.. With its new UI, Lenovo has cut down the bloatware, though there are still plenty of third-party apps preloaded on the Lenovo P2 that can be uninstalled, if the user wants. These include Evernote, McAfee Security, Skype, Truecaller, and UC Browser. There are few Lenovo apps also on-board including Lenovo Companion, Shareit, and Syncit. Lenovo has once again not included any default gallery app though users can access all kinds of files through a File Manager app.. The dropdown notifications shade offers the usual quick settings toggles along with notifications. The Themes Center app, which comes preloaded on the P2, offers several customisation options for wallpapers, icons, lock screen settings, and more. We found the UI on the P2 really smooth and fast for everyday usage.. Lenovo P2 performance The Lenovo P2 performs really well when it comes to multitasking and general app performance. With 4GB of RAM, there is ample memory for tasks at any given time. The 5.5-inch full-HD display is adequate for watching videos and looking at photos. We had a good time playing Asphalt 8 on the P2 and we didn't notice any frame drops during gameplay.. The smartphone was able to latch onto mobile networks at all times, and download speeds over 4G were decent as well. In terms of audio, the speaker located at the bottom was adequate for a small, empty room, though we noticed distortion at higher volumes. Lenovo once again disappointed us with its bundled earphones, and we recommend using a third-party headset rather than the awful one that comes in the box.. We ran our usual benchmarks and got decent scores of 63,445 on AnTuTu; 40,634 overall in Quadrant; 8,098 in 3DMark Ice Storm Extreme; and 23fps in GFXBench's T-Rex test.. The 13-megapixel rear camera is really quick when it comes to focusing, thanks to its phase-detection autofocus capability. The P2 can click detailed macros in well-lit situations but landscapes appeared average. Details were passable, but noise is apparent at the corners of the image. The P2 can take decent low-light shots if there are light sources around. Without any light source, the shots get very grainy. We also found that the P2 was often unable to focus on subjects in low light, which was disappointing. The camera was able to reproduce accurate colours only with photos taken in conditions where there was a good amount of light.. Tap to see full-sized Lenovo P2 camera samples. The camera app on the P2 is the same as what we've seen on the K6 Power and K6 Note, and it's easy to use. One can access camera modes with just one tap. The P2 can record full-HD videos with decent quality. Selfies are passable when taken in good light, but turn out really dark otherwise. Overall, the Lenovo P2 fares reasonably well in the camera department even though this is not its main feature.. That brings us to the 5100mAh non-removable battery, which managed to last for a phenomenal 21 hours, 40 minutes in our video loop battery test. With ordinary usage, the Lenovo P2 easily managed to last over two days.. Even with heavy usage including music streaming, continuous Google Maps use for navigation, and few hours of YouTube video streaming among other things, the battery on the Lenovo P2 lasted roughly two days. Fast charging support is a huge advantage, and we easily got to 30-40 percent charge in just 20 minutes. The phone can be charged fully in less than 90 minutes, which is again impressive.. One of the highlight features of the P2 is its Ultimate Power Saver mode which drastically extends battery life. The mode, as expected, kills a lot of features including cellular data connectivity and syncing. It only allows basic usage such as calls, text messages and the radio, but it could really come in handy in emergency situations. We switched on the Ultimate Power Saver mode at one point when we were down to 20 percent on the battery indicator, and the device stayed alive for almost 20 hours after that.. Verdict The Lenovo P2 is a beast when it comes to battery performance. Power users who like to be online all the time without worrying about their battery level will be quite happy with the P2. This also makes it a good choice for frequent travellers. The P2 does well when it comes to overall performance, with its octa-core processor turning out to be adequate for everyday usage. For a phone that is focused on battery life, the Lenovo P2's cameras also perform well, and its software is easy to use.. The Lenovo P2 will come at a starting price of Rs. 16,999 for the version with 32GB of storage and 3GB of RAM, while the variant with 4GB of RAM will cost Rs. The smartphone will be available exclusively online via Flipkart starting at midnight on Wednesday.. Smartphones like the Samsung Galaxy J7 Prime , Asus ZenFone 3 Max , and the now-dated Xiaomi Mi 5 can be considered alternatives at roughly the same price level.. For the latest smartphone launches by Samsung, Nokia, Sony, Asus, and other MWC 2018 announcements, visit our MWC hub .. Design Display Software Performance Battery Life Camera Value for Money. Good Metal body feels premium Quick fingerprint scanner Fast charging support Great battery life Bad Feels heavy Hybrid SIM slot No scratch protection for display Low-quality bundled earphones. Read detailed Lenovo P2 review. Flipkart Pre-GST Sale on Mobile Phones Brings Down Lenovo K6 Power, Vibe K5 Note, Vibe K5 Plus, P2 Prices. Lenovo P2 Launched in India Starting Rs. 16,999: Release Date, Specifications, and More. Lenovo P2 India Launch Set for Today; Watch Live Stream. More Lenovo mobiles Lenovo mobiles price in India. Further reading: Android , Lenovo , Lenovo Mobiles , Lenovo P2 Price , Lenovo P2 Price in India , Lenovo P2 Specifications , Mobiles. Ketan Pratap Email Ketan. Ketan Pratap covers daily news and rumours at Gadgets 360. He attended IIMC (Indian Institute of Mass Communication), majoring in English Journalism. Paytm to Transfer Wallet Business to Payments Bank on January 15. Meet the Indian Startups Vying to Be the Swiggy of the Health Space. Samsung Galaxy S9 और Galaxy S9+ स्मार्टफोन लॉन्च. Nokia 1 एंड्रॉयड गो स्मार्टफोन हुआ लॉन्च. LG V30S ThinQ के साथ MWC 2018 में एलजी ने दी दस्तक. Samsung Galaxy S9, Galaxy S9+ Launched: What's New?. Why Game of Thrones Creators Writing Star Wars Might Be a Bad, Bad Idea. Design by User Feedback? The Customer Isn't Always Right. PS4 Is a Best-Seller but Here Are 4 Reasons It's Far From Perfect. Metal Gear Survive Has a Hidden Message, This Is What It Could Mean Canon EOS 1500D, EOS 3000D Entry-Level DSLRs Launched in India BSNL Partners Nokia for Rollout of 4G VoLTE Services Sony Unveils Xperia Ear Duo to Answer Apple AirPods, Samsung Gear IconX Sony Xperia XZ2, Xperia XZ2 Compact With 18:9 Displays Launched at MWC Mi MIX 2S With Snapdragon 845 Confirmed by Xiaomi; Launching on March 27 Huawei Launches Windows Laptop and Android Tablet at MWC 2018 Samsung Galaxy S9, Galaxy S9+ Pre-Orders Now Open in India ZTE Tempo Go Is Its First Smartphone That Runs Android Oreo (Go Edition) Samsung's Foldable Smartphone Isn't a Gimmick, Claims CEO. Nokia 7 Plus Is an Android One Phone With Dual Rear Cameras, Zeiss Optics Samsung Galaxy S9, Galaxy S9+ With Improved Cameras, AR Emoji Launched Samsung Galaxy S9, Galaxy S9+ Pre-Orders Now Open in India Nokia 8110 4G Is a 'Slider' Feature Phone With Google, Facebook Apps Nokia 7 Plus vs Nokia 7 OnePlus 5, OnePlus 5T HD Content Streaming Issue Fixed, With a Catch Vodafone to Offer 4.5GB Data Per Day for 28 Days at Rs. 799: Report Sony Xperia XZ2, Xperia XZ2 Compact With 18:9 Displays Launched at MWC Nokia 8 Sirocco With Dual Cameras, Stainless Steel Frame Launched at MWC Sony Unveils Xperia Ear Duo to Answer Apple AirPods, Samsung Gear IconX. Sitemaps Archives Advertise About Us Feedback Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions Complaint Redressal Careers Contact Us RSS Ethics Gadgets Hindi. © Copyright Red Pixels Ventures Limited 2018. Fields marked with * are mandatory. 
LTE, VoLTE, HSPA, GSM, EDGE, GPRS, 4G, 3G, 2G. 153 x 76 x 8.3 mm (LxWxT). Android 6.0.1 , Android 7.0. Qualcomm Snapdragon 625 MSM8953. 32GB or 64 GB expandable via 128 GB microSD card. 5100 mah non-removable with 24 watt Rapid Charging. 5.5" inch Full HD Super AMOLED display with Gorilla Glass 3 [1]. 13 MP, Sony IMX 258 sensor, f/2.0 aperture PDAF , dual-tone LED flash, HDR. Micro USB, 3.5 mm headset jack, NFC. Lenovo P2 Smartphone at Lenovo India Official. Lenovo P2 at GSM Arena. Lenovo P2 Review at Techradar.. Lenovo P2 is an Android smartphone that is focused on battery life, developed by Lenovo. It was officially announced on September 3, 2016 [2] at IFA show held in Berlin and released on November 2016, as a successor to the Lenovo Vibe P1. The device is available in Black, Graphite Grey and Champagne Gold colour variants. It is one of the few devices which has 5000+ mAh battery.. It has super slim full-metal unibody design. In terms of specifications, the device sports a 5.5-inch full HD Super Amoled display with a 1920 x 1080 resolution and 401ppi. [3] It is powered by 14. GHz 64-bit Octa-Core Qualcomm Snapdragon 625 MSM8953 processor paired with 3GB or 4GB RAM. The Lenovo P2 includes an internal storage of 32GB which can be further expanded up to 128GB via microSD card. It has two nano SIM card slots. One slot is used for SIM while the second slot is used as either SIM or SD Card.. The smartphone is equipped with a 13MP PDAF rear camera with a Sony sensor and LED flash and a 5MP front facing camera for selfie. The device includes NFC, USB OTG, FM Radio, A-GPS, Bluetooth v4.1, Wi-Fi 802.11 b/g/n/ac and WiFi Hotspot for connectivity and the featured sensors are accelerometer, proximity sensor, ambient light sensor, compass, gyroscope, always active fingerprint scanner which also offers some gestures [4] etc.. The Lenovo P2 was launched with Android 6.0.1 Marshmallow ROM, which was released a year before P2 release. [5] In April 2017, P2 officially received Android 7.0 (Nougat) update which is 2GB in size and can be update via OTA (over the air update). The update brings features such as split-screen, new notification control, data saver and other security updates. The latest android security patch level is November 1, 2017. It is powered by a 5100 mAh battery, one of the highest-capacity batteries in its class, [6] which can give up to three days of battery backup in normal use. It has a physical power saver switch, which extends battery life and reverse charging feature. This phone works with a 24W quick charger that can rapidly charge the battery. It comes with some Pre-installed apps such as Google Maps, Hangouts, Play Music, Play Movies, YouTube, Gmail, News & Weather, Photos, Drive, Chrome and Play store.. SAR values of this smartphone is. ^ Gorilla Glass 3 November 2016. ^ Lenovo A Plus, Lenovo P2 Smartphones Launched at IFA 2016 Retrieved 03 September 2016. ^ Lenovo P2 Official Retrieved November 2016. ^ Lenovo P2 Tech Specs Retrieved November 2016. ^ Battery life test results Retrieved January 2017. ^ Lenovo P2 SAR Values. Categories : Lenovo Smartphones Android (operating system) Touchscreen mobile phones. Not logged in Talk Contributions Create account Log in. Main page Contents Featured content Current events Random article Donate to Wikipedia Wikipedia store. Help About Wikipedia Community portal Recent changes Contact page. What links here Related changes Upload file Special pages Permanent link Page information Wikidata item Cite this page. Create a book Download as PDF Printable version. This page was last edited on 25 January 2018, at 19:38. Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License ;. By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc. 
Samsung Galaxy S9 OnePlus 5T Huawei Mate 10 Google Pixel 2 OnePlus 5. LG K10 (2018) Samsung Galaxy S9 Elephone S8 HTC U11 Eyes Honor 9 Lite. Samsung Galaxy S9 OnePlus 5T Huawei Mate 10 Google Pixel 2 OnePlus 5. Buy and sell gently used phones. Released in November of 2016, the Lenovo P2 features a 5.5 inch screen with a resolution of 1920x1080. The Snapdragon 625 chipset has an octa-core 2.0 GHz cortex-A53 CPU and an adreno 506 GPU. There are options for 3/4GBs of RAM and 32/64GB of storage space. The primary camera has a 13MP sensor and the selfie cam is 5MP. This is all powered by a massive 5100 mAh battery that is designed to last about two days.. The XDA App is the fastest way to access the forums on mobile.. One-Handed Mode replicates the useful iOS "Reachability" feature without root.. Labs is an independent app store that gives developers full control over their work.. The ultimate, most complete theming solution for Android.. The best way to get cutting edge news about your device!. Lenovo P2 Guides, News, & Discussion. Lenovo P2 ROMs, Kernels, Recoveries, & Other Development. Lenovo P2 Themes, Apps, and Mods. Lenovo P2 Real Life Review Lenovo P2 Questions & Answers Lenovo P2 Guides, News, & Discussion Lenovo P2 ROMs, Kernels, Recoveries, & Other Development Lenovo P2 Themes, Apps, and Mods Lenovo P2 Accessories. [SHARED] [ROM] Lineage OS 14.1 [fp gestures] [VoLte][onekey][LED][Stable][23-Feb]. [ROM][UNOFFICIAL] Resurrection Remix 5.8.5-FINAL [7.1.2][FP Gestures Working]. More Lenovo P2 Real Life Review Threads. I REALLY NEED YOUR HELP for QFIL ROM for lenovo p2 :( :'(. Music key and Ultimate Power Saver Key!!. More Lenovo P2 Questions & Answers Threads. Lenovo P2 Guides, News, & Discussion. [SHARED] [ROM] Lineage OS 14.1 [fp gestures] [VoLte][onekey][LED][Stable][23-Feb]. Lost imei?pls help to restore it. Share The New Antutu Benchmark V7 Acore here with Screenshot.. [GUIDE] ENABLE LTE-Advanced CARRIER AGGREGATION or 4G+ (NOOB Friendly). Hardbrick , dead boot , no response , just red led blink. More Lenovo P2 Guides, News, & Discussion Threads. Lenovo P2 ROMs, Kernels, Recoveries, & Other Development. [ROM][UNOFFICIAL] Resurrection Remix 5.8.5-FINAL [7.1.2][FP Gestures Working]. More Lenovo P2 ROMs, Kernels, Recoveries, & Other Development Threads. Lenovo P2 Themes, Apps, and Mods. OnePlus 5T Mod for Lenovo P2. Flashable zip for fixing voice in calls. More Lenovo P2 Themes, Apps, and Mods Threads. other phones cases that fit the lenovo p2. Rii GP-500 Gamepad restarts my Lenovo P2 when Pairing. Replacement Lenovo P2 Display LCD OLED. ---- XDA 2013 Beta - 1024. XDA Developers was founded by developers, for developers. It is now a valuable resource for people who want to make the most of their mobile devices, from customizing the look and feel to adding new functionality. Are you a developer? | Terms of Service. 
The next video is starting stop. Want to watch this again later?. Sign in to add this video to a playlist.. Sign in to report inappropriate content.. Sign in to make your opinion count.. Sign in to make your opinion count.. The interactive transcript could not be loaded.. Rating is available when the video has been rented.. This feature is not available right now. If you are in store for a big phone with a great battery life and a very affordable price, the Lenovo P2 will inevitably show up as an option… -------- PhoneArena.com is your ultimate source of mobile tech news, reviews, and info. The PhoneArena YouTube channel delivers a vast range of smartphone, tablet, and accessory video reviews, in addition to regular hands-on, unboxing, and other uploads. Visit PhoneArena.com: http://www.phonearena.com/ Check out the YouTube channel: http://www.youtube.com/user/PhoneArena. When autoplay is enabled, a suggested video will automatically play next.. The Super Smartphone You've Never Heard Of.... Huawei P Smart - Huawei's new Killer Budget Smartphone!. Lenovo P2 Review: 5-star phone with insane battery life. Lenovo P2 with 5100 mAh Battery Unboxing & Overview. Lenovo P2 Review | Is it more than just its 5,100mAh battery?. Razer Phone Unboxing - My New Daily Driver?. Moto G5 plus vs Lenovo P2 | Design & Build, Display, Camera, Battery, Gaming, heating issues, audio. 7 Reasons to Buy Lenovo P2. Samsung Galaxy S7 Edge vs Lenovo P2: This battery destroys both the Galaxy and iPhone combined!. Lenovo P2 Battery King In-depth Review with Pros & Cons. Lenovo P2 vs Huawei P10 Lite - SPEED TEST - Which is faster??. Xiaomi Mi A1 review: the perfect budget phone?. The Best Midrange Smartphones [Early 2018]. DON'T Buy The Samsung Galaxy Note 8. Lenovo P2 , Massive Battery Phone, Full In-depth Review. 20 Best features of Lenovo P2 and Tips and Tricks. Sign in to add this to Watch Later. 
The next video is starting stop. Lenovo P2 with 5100 mAh Battery Unboxing & Overview. Want to watch this again later?. Sign in to add this video to a playlist.. Sign in to report inappropriate content.. Sign in to make your opinion count.. Sign in to make your opinion count.. Rating is available when the video has been rented.. This feature is not available right now. Lenovo P2 Smartphone Unboxing & Overview the P2 comes with 5100 mAh battery and is powered by the Snapdragon 625 it has a 1080p Super AMOLED screen and comes with 3/4 GB RAM variants it also supports theater Max a custom fast charger a 13MP rear / 5MP front facing camera and I do the unboxing and give my hands on overview. Lenovo P2 Full In-depth Review https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BuD01... The Lenovo P2 3GB RAM is for Rs 16,999 and the 4GB RAM is for Rs 17,999 and is sold via flipkart https://goo.gl/vfHArg. When autoplay is enabled, a suggested video will automatically play next.. Lenovo P2 Battery King In-depth Review with Pros & Cons. Redmi Note 4 vs Lenovo P2 Comparison with Benchmark scores, which one should you Buy. 20 Best features of Lenovo P2 and Tips and Tricks. Lenovo P2 Review - Better than Redmi Note 4?. 7 Reasons to Buy Lenovo P2. 10 SIMPLE LIFE HACKS WITH SMARTPHONE. Lenovo P2 Review: $200 Smartphone with Super AMOLED Display & 5100 mAh Battery!. Lenovo P2 - Unboxing & First Look!. Lenovo P2 Unboxing | 5100mAh battery | Gold | Hands on | 32GB | 3GB | Rs.16999/-. Lenovo P2 Frequently Asked Question after 3 days of use. Lenovo P2 Review - Stunning Display and Everlasting Battery. Lenovo P2 (5100 mAh | 5.5" Amoled | Snapdragon 625) - Unboxing & Hands On. Razer Phone Unboxing - My New Daily Driver?. LENOVO P2 UNBOXING - The most underrated phone?? | The one with 5100mAH Battery!!!. Lenovo P2 Review | Is it more than just its 5,100mAh battery?. Moto G5 plus vs Lenovo P2 | Design & Build, Display, Camera, Battery, Gaming, heating issues, audio. Vibe X3 Lenovo's flagship Smartphone Unboxing & Overview. Huawei Honor 6X - Unboxing & First Look! (4K). Lenovo P2: XL Phone With XXL Battery | Hands-on Video Review. Lenovo P2 , Massive Battery Phone, Full In-depth Review. Sign in to add this to Watch Later. 
Mon, Feb 26, 2018 | Updated 03.30 PM IST. Gadgets Now TOI Home News shop Gadgets Reviews compare Slideshows Videos Top Gadgets More. Tech News Jobs Social IT Services Mobiles PCs Apps Gaming Computing More Gadgets. Mobile World Congress 2018: All the latest news and updates These smartphones can get you extra Rs 20,000 discount on Apple iPhone X Samsung Galaxy S9 vs Galaxy S9+: What's the difference Nokia smartphones' 2018 lineup is here Flipkart ahead of Amazon in smartphone 2017 sales: Report Crypto 'noobs' learn to cope with wild swings in digital coins New smart lens for diabetics can monitor blood sugar levels How Samsung's new Galaxy S9 compares to the Apple iPhone X Nokia CEO sees big 5G rollouts nearly a year ahead of schedule India to highlight 5G readiness, tech leadership at MWC. Mobile Phones Tablets Laptops Cameras Televisions Power banks Smart watches Air conditioners Washing machines Refrigerators Fitness bands. Mobile Phones Laptops Tablets Cameras Televisions Power banks Smart watches Air conditioners Washing machines Refrigerators Fitness bands. Brands Infographics Checklist How To Featured infocus Specials. Gadgets Now » Mobile Phones » Lenovo Mobile Phones » Lenovo P2. Overview Critic Review User Reviews & Rating Specifications. The Lenovo P2 mobile features a 5.5" (13.97 cm) display with a screen resolution of Full HD (1080 x 1920 pixels) and runs on Android v6.0.1 (Marshmallow) operating system. The device is powered by Octa core, 2 GHz, Cortex A53 processor paired with 4 GB of RAM. As far as the battery is concerned it has 5100 mAh. Over that, as far as the rear camera is concerned this mobile has a 13 MP camera Exmor-RS CMOS Sensor supporting a resolution of 4128 x 3096 Pixels and the front snapper is powered by a Exmor-RS CMOS Sensor. Other sensors include Light sensor, Proximity sensor, Accelerometer, Gyroscope. So, does it have a fingerprint sensor? Yes, it does. For graphical performance that can make games run smoothly, this phone has got a Adreno 506 GPU. On board storage is at 32 GB with the option to expand the memory by Yes Up to 128 GB. Design is one of the most important factors when it comes to mobiles. This phone is 8.5 mm slim and weighs 177 grams. Lenovo Z2 Plus (Black, 64GB) ₹ 12990. Lenovo Phab 2 Plus Smartphone (Gold) ₹ 16999. Lenovo Z2 Plus (Black, 32GB) ₹ 10900. Lenovo P2 User Reviews & Rating. Average Rating Based on 2 Ratings. 5 Stars 2 4 Stars 0 3 Stars 0 2 Stars 0 1 Stars 0. 1.0 Poor 2.0 Average 3.0 Buyable 4.0 Good 5.0 Excellent. Be the first one to review.. We have sent you a verification email. To verify, just follow the link in the message. Best in all areas like performance, looks , feel, battery is the most adorable feature in this phone camera quality could have been little better but at this price point it does it job as required.. Its one of the best phone at this price. performance Octa core display 5.5" (13.97 cm) storage 32 GB camera 13 MP battery 5100 mAh ram 4 GB. fingerprint sensor position Front other sensors Light sensor, Proximity sensor, Accelerometer, Gyroscope fingerprint sensor Yes. quick charging Yes operating system Android v6.0.1 (Marshmallow) sim slots Dual SIM, GSM+GSM model P2 launch date January 11, 2017 (Official) brand Lenovo sim size SIM1: Nano SIM2: Nano (Hybrid) network 4G: Available (supports Indian bands) 3G: Available, 2G: Available fingerprint sensor Yes. loudspeaker Yes fm radio Yes audio jack 3.5 mm. chipset Qualcomm Snapdragon 625 MSM8953 graphics Adreno 506 processor Octa core, 2 GHz, Cortex A53 architecture 64 bit ram 4 GB. thickness 8.5 mm width 76 mm weight 177 grams height 153 mm colours Champagne Gold, Graphite Gray. display type Super AMOLED screen to body ratio 71.55 % pixel density 401 ppi screen protection Corning Gorilla Glass v3 screen size 5.5 inches (13.97 cm) screen resolution Full HD (1080 x 1920 pixels) touch screen Yes Capacitive Touchscreen, Multi-touch. internal memory 32 GB expandable memory Yes Up to 128 GB usb otg support Yes. settings Exposure compensation, ISO control aperture F2.2 camera features Digital Zoom, Auto Flash, Face detection, Touch to focus image resolution 4128 x 3096 Pixels sensor Exmor-RS CMOS Sensor autofocus No shooting modes Continuos Shooting, High Dynamic Range mode (HDR) resolution 5 MP Front Camera optical image stabilisation No flash No video recording 1280x720 @ 30 fps. user replaceable No quick charging Yes Fast type Li-Polymer capacity 5100 mAh. wifi Yes Wi-Fi 802.11, a/ac/b/g/n wifi features Mobile Hotspot bluetooth Yes v4.1 volte Yes usb connectivity microUSB 2.0 nfc Yes network support 4G (supports Indian bands), 3G, 2G gps Yes with A-GPS sim 1 4G Bands:TD-LTE 2600(band 38) / 2300(band 40) FD-LTE 2100(band 1) / 1800(band 3) / 2600(band 7) / 900(band 8) / 700(band 28) / 1700(band 4) / 850(band 5) / 800(band 20)3G Bands: UMTS 1900 / 2100 / 850 / 900 MHz2G Bands: GSM 1800 / 1900 / 850 / 900 MHz 4G Speed: 50 Mbit/s ? 300 Mbit/s ? (LTE category 6)GPRS:Available EDGE:Available sim size SIM1: Nano, SIM2: Nano (Hybrid) sim 2 4G Bands: TD-LTE 2600(band 38) / 2300(band 40) FD-LTE 2100(band 1) / 1800(band 3) / 2600(band 7) / 900(band 8) / 700(band 28) / 1700(band 4) / 850(band 5) / 800(band 20)3G Bands: UMTS 1900 / 2100 / 850 / 900 MHz 2G Bands: GSM 1800 / 1900 / 850 / 900 MHz 4G Speed: 50 Mbit/s ? 300 Mbit/s ? (LTE category 6) GPRS:Available EDGE:Available. Popular Lenovo Mobiles Comparisons Compare Lenovo K8 Note vs Xiaomi Redmi Note 4 Compare Lenovo K8 Note vs Lenovo K8 Plus Compare Lenovo K8 Note vs Xiaomi Mi A1 Compare Lenovo K8 Note vs Nokia 6 Compare Lenovo K8 Note vs Xiaomi Redmi 4 64GB Compare Lenovo K8 Note vs Moto G5S Plus Compare Lenovo K8 Note vs Moto G5 Plus Compare Lenovo K6 Power 32GB vs Xiaomi Redmi 3S Prime 32GB Compare Lenovo K8 Plus vs Xiaomi Redmi Note 4 Compare Lenovo K8 Note vs Lenovo P2 Compare Lenovo K8 Note vs Xiaomi Mi Max 2 Compare Lenovo K8 Plus vs Xiaomi Mi A1. 6 hot All-in-One (AIO) PCs under Rs 35,000 9 tablets to replace your laptop Lenovo Vibe S1 first impressions Moto E 4G vs Lenovo A6000 Plus: Which one to buy In Pics: Lenovo A6000, India’s cheapest 4G phone 10 hot smartphones that have just got a 'price cut' SamsungGalaxyNote3. Lenovo is the biggest computer maker and the fourth biggest smartphone maker in the world. The company also designs, develops, manufactures and sells servers, electronic storage devices, IT management software and smart televisions. In 2014, the China-based manufacturer made two major acquisitions: Motorola and IBM's micro-server unit.. Lenovo dethrones Datawind to top Indian tablet market. Lenovo's rise is attributed to strong B2B sales. Lenovo witnessed 114 per cent sequential growth in its shipments. Airtel is giving Rs 2,000 cashback on Moto C, Moto E4 and Lenovo K8 Note smartphones. After the data war, telecom companies have shifted their focus to cashback offers. Recently, Reliance Jio announced cashback offers on select smartphones, then Idea Cellular announced cashback on all 4G smartphones and this time it is Airtel. HP results beat estimates, raises 2018 profit forecast. HP reported first-quarter revenue and profit on Thursday above Wall Street estimates as it sold more personal computers and printers, helping the company raise its full-year profit forecast. Lenovo India tops tablet business, sustains leadership. With 30.8 per cent market share in the Android tablet business, consumer electronics major Lenovo India has sustained the top spot for the third consecutive quarter that ended on December 31, 2017. Nokia's performance in Q4 2017 may not be good news for Google, Sony and others. Finish company HMD Global, which manufactures Nokia-branded smartphones, seems to be giving tough competition to some of the accomplished players like HTC, Google, Sony, OnePlus and others in the global smartphone market. Foxconn to use proceeds from unit's Shanghai IPO to fund $4 billion projects. FII said in a listing prospectus to the China Securities Regulatory Commission late on Friday that the eight projects were focused on building smart manufacturing platforms, cloud computing services and 5G solutions. Lenovo recalls 78,000 laptops over fire hazard: Here's how to find out if your's too is in the list. The Consumer Product Safety Commission in US has revealed that about 78,000 units of ThinkPad X1 Carbon fifth generation model have been recalled by the company due to this issue. Tablet market: iPad continues its reign; see who has beaten Samsung for the number 2 spot. The worldwide detachable tablet market grew to 6.5 million units in the fourth quarter of 2017 as per preliminary data from IDC. Moto X4 6GB RAM is on sale now: Here’s how you can get Rs 1500 discount and other offers. Lenovo-owned Motorola launched the 6GB RAM version of its Moto X4 smartphone in India recently. The smartphone can now be purchased online from Flipkart and offline from Moto Hubs. Qualcomm signs $2 billion sales MOUs with Lenovo, Xiaomi, Vivo and OPPO. The non-binding agreement will be subject to further agreements and covers technology related to RF Front-End components, Qualcomm said in a statement.. First Look: Lenovo's X1 Carbon (Gen-6) laptop First Look: Lenovo Miix 630 2-in-1 20 smartphones that got a price cut recently Looking for a smartphone? Here are 10 you can pick from Unboxing: Lenovo IdeaPad 520S Lenovo K8, K8 Plus launched in India: Price, specs and more Coolpad Cool Play 6 launched in India: Price, specifications and more Lenovo K8 Note first impressions Unboxing: Lenovo K8 Note Lenovo K8 Note smartphone with dual rear cameras launched starting at Rs 12,999 First Look | Lenovo Legion Y720 First Look: Moto G5 Lenovo Yoga 710 laptop review: All the right moves at all right places Unboxing: Lenovo P2 smartphone Unboxing: Lenovo K6 Power Comparison: Lenovo Phab 2 Plus vs Xiaomi Mi Max Prime Asus Zenfone Laser vs Lenovo 3 Note vs YU Yureka Plus comparison Lenovo A6000, the cheapest 4G phone CES Day 3: Tech nuggets from Vegas Lenovo S580 smartphone launched at Rs 8,999. Xiaomi Mi A1 buy at Amazon. Xiaomi Redmi Y1 buy at Amazon. Samsung Galaxy On7 Prime (Black, 3GB RAM + 32GB Memory) ₹ 12990.000. LG V30+ (18:9 OLED FullVisionTM, 128GB) - Black ₹ 44990.000. Honor View 10 (Midnight Black, 6GB RAM + 128GB memory) ₹ 29999.000. Samsung Galaxy A8+ (Black, 6GB RAM + 64GB Memory) ₹ 32990.000. OnePlus 5T (Midnight Black 6GB RAM + 64GB memory) ₹ 32999. Infocus Vision 3 (Midnight Black, 18:9 FullVision Display) ₹ 6999.000. Redmi Y1 (Dark Grey, 32GB) ₹ 8999. Infocus Vision 3 (Premium Gold, 18:9 FullVision Display) ₹ 6999.000. Redmi Note 4 (Dark Grey, 64GB) ₹ 11999. Honor 7X (Blue, 4GB RAM + 32GB memory) ₹ 12999.000. Redmi Y1 (Gold, 64GB) ₹ 10999. 10.or E (Beyond Black, 3 GB) ₹ 6999. Redmi Y1 (Dark Grey, 64GB) ₹ 10999. Redmi 4 (Black, 32 GB) ₹ 8999.000. OnePlus 5T (Midnight Black 8GB RAM + 128GB memory) ₹ 37999. Redmi 4 (Gold, 64 GB) ₹ 10999.000. InFocus Turbo 5 Plus (Midnight Black, Dual Rear Camera) ₹ 8999.000. Redmi 4 (Gold, 32 GB) ₹ 8999.000. Samsung Galaxy J7 Prime (Gold, 32GB) ₹ 13470.000. Redmi 4 (Black, 64 GB) ₹ 10999.000. Mi Max 2 (Black, 64GB) ₹ 15999.000. Nokia 6 (Matte Black, 32GB) ₹ 17199.000. Lenovo K8 Note (Venom Black, 4GB) ₹ 11999.000. Moto G5s Plus (Lunar Grey, 64GB) ₹ 14999. Coolpad Cool Play 6 (Sheen Black, 6GB RAM+64GB Memory) ₹ 14999.000. Sony Xperia R1 Dual (Black, 16GB) with Memory Card ₹ 10436.000. Mi Max 2 (Black, 32 GB) ₹ 13950.000. Coolpad Note 5 Lite (Royal Gold, 3GB RAM + 16 GB) ₹ 5999.000. Gionee M7 Power (Black) ₹ 16499.000. Alcatel A5 LED 5085I (Metallic Silver) ₹ 10499.000. Coolpad Cool 1 (Silver, 4GB RAM + 32GB memory) ₹ 14995.000. Alcatel A7 (Metallic Black, 4GB RAM, 32GB) ₹ 11499.000. Coolpad Cool 1 (Gold, 3GB RAM + 32GB memory) ₹ 7999.000. Redmi 4 (Black, 16 GB) ₹ 6999. Redmi 4 (Gold, 16 GB) ₹ 6999. Redmi Y1 (Gold, 32GB) ₹ 8999. Redmi Y1 Lite (Grey,16GB) ₹ 6999. Honor 7X (Blue, 4GB RAM + 64GB memory) ₹ 15999. Redmi Note 4 (Black, 64GB) ₹ 10995. Nokia 6 (Silver, 32GB) ₹ 14999. Recent Comparisons Compare Lenovo-K8-Plus-4GB-RAM vs LG Q6 Compare Lenovo K8 Note vs Vivo V5 Compare Lenovo K8 Note vs Xiaomi Mi A1 Compare Lenovo K6 Power vs Xiaomi Redmi Note 4 Compare Lenovo K6 Power 32GB vs Xiaomi Redmi Note 4 Compare Lenovo K8 Note vs Honor 8 Lite vs Moto G5S Plus Compare Lenovo P2 vs Vernee Thor Plus Compare Lenovo K8 Note vs Honor 8 Lite Compare Lenovo Vibe K5 Plus vs Lenovo Vibe P1 vs Moto G5S Plus Compare Lenovo K4 Note vs Moto E4 Plus. For the latest Gadget News, like us on Facebook. Critic Rating: - Submit Rating. Lenovo K8 Plus 4GB RAM ₹ 10,999. Critic Rating: - Submit Rating. Lenovo K8 ₹ 10,199 buy at Amazon. Critic Rating: - Submit Rating. Critic Rating: 3.5 /5 User: 4 /5. Lenovo K8 Note 32GB ₹ 12,999. Critic Rating: - Submit Rating. Lenovo K8 Note ₹ 13,999 buy at Amazon. Critic Rating: 3.5 /5 User: 3.1 /5. Critic Rating: - Submit Rating. Critic Rating: - Submit Rating. Critic Rating: - Submit Rating. Critic Rating: - Submit Rating. Critic Rating: - Submit Rating. Lenovo Zuk Edge II ₹ 26,990. Critic Rating: - Submit Rating. Lenovo K5 Note 64GB ₹ 13,499. Critic Rating: - User: 5 /5. Lenovo Vibe S1 Lite ₹ 13,250. Critic Rating: - Submit Rating. Lenovo K6 Power 4GB RAM ₹ 10,999. Critic Rating: - User: 4.2 /5. Lenovo Phab 2 Pro ₹ 29,990. Critic Rating: - User: 5 /5. Lenovo P2 3GB RAM ₹ 16,999. Critic Rating: - User: 5 /5. Critic Rating: - User: 5 /5. Lenovo K6 Note 3GB RAM ₹ 14,999 buy at Amazon. Critic Rating: 4 /5 User: 3 /5. Critic Rating: - User: 1 /5. From around the Web More From GadgetsNow. Nokia 2 8GB (Pewter Black, 1GB RAM). Nokia 2 8GB (Pewter Black, 1GB RAM) Key Specs See Full Specs. 5 Inches Quad Core 4100 mAh. Nokia 2 8GB (Pewter White, 1GB RAM). Nokia 2 8GB (Pewter White, 1GB RAM) Key Specs See Full Specs. 5 Inches Quad Core 4100 mAh. Asus Zenfone Max ZC550KL - 16GB (Black). Asus Zenfone Max ZC550KL - 16GB (Black) Key Specs See Full Specs. 5.5 Inches Quad Core 5000 mAh. Asus ZenFone 3 Max ZC520TL - 3GB (Grey). Asus ZenFone 3 Max ZC520TL - 3GB (Grey) Key Specs See Full Specs. Panasonic Eluga Prim 4G VoLTE - 3GB (Gold). Panasonic Eluga Prim 4G VoLTE - 3GB (Gold) Key Specs See Full Specs. Ambrane Plush PP-1100 10000 mAh Power Bank (Gold). Ambrane Plush PP-1100 10000 mAh Power Bank (Gold) Key Specs See Full Specs. Ambrane Plush PQ-800 Quick Charge C-Port 8000 mAh Power Bank (Silver). Ambrane Plush PQ-800 Quick Charge C-Port 8000 mAh Power Bank (Silver) Key Specs See Full Specs. Ambrane Plush PP-41 4000 mAh Polymer Power Bank (White). Ambrane Plush PP-41 4000 mAh Polymer Power Bank (White) Key Specs See Full Specs. Samsung Galaxy J7 Max (Black, 4GB RAM). Samsung Galaxy J7 Max (Black, 4GB RAM) Key Specs See Full Specs. Asus Zenfone 3 Max ZC553KL (Grey, 3GB RAM). Asus Zenfone 3 Max ZC553KL (Grey, 3GB RAM) Key Specs See Full Specs. Asus Zenfone 3 Max ZC553KL (Silver, 3GB RAM). Asus Zenfone 3 Max ZC553KL (Silver, 3GB RAM) Key Specs See Full Specs. Moto C Plus 16GB (Starry Black, 2GB RAM). Moto C Plus 16GB (Starry Black, 2GB RAM) Key Specs See Full Specs. Nokia 150 Dual Sim (Black) Key Specs See Full Specs. Nokia 150 Dual Sim (White) Key Specs See Full Specs. 3 SIM Slot, 2GB RAM BUY. Coolpad Mega 3 Triple Sim - 16GB (Champagne & White). Coolpad Mega 3 Triple Sim - 16GB (Champagne & White) Key Specs See Full Specs. Moto C (Starry Black, 1GB RAM) (16GB ROM). Moto C (Starry Black, 1GB RAM) (16GB ROM) Key Specs See Full Specs. Panasonic P99 16GB (Blue, 2GB RAM). Panasonic P99 16GB (Blue, 2GB RAM) Key Specs See Full Specs. Nokia 105 Dual SIM (2017) - Black. Nokia 105 Dual SIM (2017) - Black Key Specs See Full Specs. Asus ZenFone 3S Max ZC521TL - 3GB (Black). Asus ZenFone 3S Max ZC521TL - 3GB (Black) Key Specs See Full Specs. Coolpad Note 5 Lite C 16GB (Dark Grey, 2GB RAM). Coolpad Note 5 Lite C 16GB (Dark Grey, 2GB RAM) Key Specs See Full Specs. Loading Gadget: LeEco Cool1 Dual 64GB. Popular Posts Best Camera Phones in India Phones under Rs. 20,000 Phones under 15000 in India Phones under Rs. 10,000 Best Laptops under Rs.30,000 4G Phones Under Rs,10,000. Popular Categories Android Mobile Phone Dual Sim Mobile Phone 4G Mobiles Tablets Online Top Gadgets 2017 Upcoming Mobiles. About Us Contact Us RSS Return Policy Bulk Buy. Terms of Use and Grievance Redressal Policy Gadgets now mobile Refund Policy Sell with us. Vivo V5 Samsung Galaxy J7 Lenovo A7000 iPhone 7 Plus Samsung Galaxy J2 Moto E4 Samsung Galaxy On7 Oppo F3 Plus. Honor 8 HTC Desire 820 LG G5 Sony Xperia Z5. Popular Gadgets VU TV Xiaomi Mi Band Intex Power Bank Ambrane Power Bank Xiaomi Power Bank Micromax TV Samsung TV Lloyd TV LG TV Sony TV Acer Laptops Lenovo laptops HP laptops Dell Laptop. Mobile Phones Nokia Mobiles Intex Mobiles Lenovo Mobiles Apple iPhones Moto Mobiles Vivo Mobiles Xiaomi Mobiles Samsung Mobiles Blackberry Mobiles Spice Mobiles Oppo Mobiles OnePlus Mobiles Lyf Mobiles Micromax Mobiles LG Mobiles Karbonn Mobiles HTC Mobiles Sony Mobiles Lava Mobiles. Trending Stories Aadhaar Card Sundar Pichai Redmi 4 Sale on Amazon Xiaomi Redmi 4A Sale Mukesh Ambani Airtel Offers Vodafone Offer Paytm. Trending Topics Samsung Galaxy On7 Prime Honor V10 iPhone 8 Plus OnePlus 6 SAMSUNG GALAXY A8 2018 HUAWEI MATE 10 OnePlus 5T Xiaomi Redmi 5A Honor 6A Vivo V7 Moto X4 Xiaomi Mi Mix 2 XIAOMI REDMI NOTE 5 PRO Redmi Note 5. Copyright © 2018 Bennett Coleman & Co. | The Times of India. For reprint rights: Times Syndication Service. 
• One stop service: solve all your problems. • Orders Tracking and shipped out notification. • Need help before making an order?. • Chat with us in real-time. • For Aftersale issues, just submit a ticket. We will reply within 24 hours. Blackview P2 4g Phablet Lenovo Phab 4g Phablet Lenovo 4g Phablet Lenovo K3 4g. Register on GearBest: Earn 50 points. Related Recommendations Recommended Products for You. Customers Who Bought This Item Also Bought. 5.5 inch NFC Fingerprint Sensor 5100mAh Battery. Shipping fee will not be included in the instalment amount. Orders contain interest-free products and other Non-interest-free products will not enjoy insterest-free privilege. Receipient’s address must be Brazil to use instalment. OnePlus 5T 4G Phablet International Version. Xiaomi Redmi Note 4X 4G Phablet. Xiaomi Mi 6 4G Smartphone International Version. Old Shark 1.8m Micro USB Charge Sync Cable. Portable Adjustable 4 - 14 inch Pad Stand Holder B.... 3pcs Micro USB to Type-C Adapter. SDL Type-C USB Data Sync Charging Braided Cable - 1M. Tempered Glass Protective Film for Xiaomi Redmi 4A. Smart Wrist Watch Strap for Xiaomi Miband 2. LEMFO LEM5 Pro 3G Smartwatch Phone. Excelvan Universal Air Vent Magnetic Car Cellphone.... ASLING Tempered Glass Screen Film for Xiaomi Mi A1.... Get these Essentials for Your Product. Tip: Unlocked for Worldwide use. Please ensure local area network is compatible. click here for Network Frequency of your country. Please check with your carrier/provider before purchasing this item. Main Features: Lenovo P2 4G Phablet 5.5 inch FHD Screen Android 6.0 Snapdragon 625 Octa Core 2.0GHz 4GB RAM 64GB ROM 5.0MP + 13.0MP Cameras NFC Fingerprint Sensor 5100mAh Battery Tips: Lenovo P2 ( P2C72 ) is the phone name on product box. Lenovo P2 ( P2A42 ) is the phone name in about phone. Display: 5.5 inch, 1920 x 1080 Pixel 2.5D Arc screen CPU: Snapdragon 625 Octa Core 2.0GHz System: Android 6.0 RAM + ROM: 4GB RAM + 64GB ROM Camera: 5.0MP front camera + 13.0MP back camera Sensor: Ambient Light Sensor, Gravity Sensor, Proximity Sensor SIM Card: dual SIM dual standby. Nano + Nano SIM Feature: GPS, A-GPS Bluetooth: 4.1 Network: 2G: GSM 850/900/1800/1900MHz CDMA 2000/1X EVDO 3G: WCDMA 850/900/1900/2100MHz TD-SCDMA B34/B39 4G: FDD-LTE B1/B3/B4/B7/B8 TDD-LTE B38/B39/B40. SIM Card Slot: Dual SIM,Dual Standby. SIM Card Type: Nano SIM Card. External Memory: TF card up to 128GB (not included). 2G: GSM 1800MHz,GSM 1900MHz,GSM 850MHz,GSM 900MHz. 3G: WCDMA B1 2100MHz,WCDMA B2 1900MHz,WCDMA B5 850MHz,WCDMA B8 900MHz. 4G LTE: FDD B1 2100MHz,FDD B3 1800MHz,FDD B4 1700MHz,FDD B7 2600MHz,FDD B8 900MHz,TDD B38 2600MHz,TDD B39 1900MHz,TDD B40 2300MHz. Screen resolution: 1920 x 1080 (FHD). Camera type: Dual cameras (one front one back). I/O Interface: 2 x Nano SIM Slot,Micophone,Micro USB Slot,Speaker,TF/Micro SD Card Slot. Sensor: Ambient Light Sensor,Gravity Sensor,Proximity Sensor. Product size: 15.30 x 7.60 x 0.82 cm / 6.02 x 2.99 x 0.32 inches. Package size: 30.00 x 25.00 x 6.40 cm / 11.81 x 9.84 x 2.52 inches. FAQ for Lenovo P2 4G Phablet. Sponsored Products Related to This Item. Will Lenovo P2 compatible with OTG?. What is the type of charging port?. Will Lenovo P2 come with radio?. Will this phone work in my country?. What is the IMEI number of this device?. How to revive any dead phone battery?. Why do 16GB phones only have 12GB storage available?. Why can't I hear any sound when making or receiving a call?. Can this item be shipped to my country?. This is based on the phone network frequency bands, for more details:. 4 steps to know whether a phone will work in your country. We cannot provide IMEI (international mobile equipment identity) numbers because each cell phone will be given a unique set of numbers after its assembly, We can't open the packaging.. Related post about finding Xiaomi smartphone IMEI:. There are four ways to revive dead phone battery, refer to post:. 4 secret ways to revive any dead phone battery. Related post: Why do 16GB phones only have 12GB storage available. Make sure the protective film has been removed completely;. Try to turn up the volume of the handset;. Try to change mobile signal in your area might be poor;. If you cannot hear the voice of the receiver, it might be the problem of the receiver's phone or signal.. We can deliver orders to most countries. For a detailed explanation of each shipping method, destination and approximate delivery time, please check our website:. GearBest shipping memo: save money on delivery by choosing the best option. Does this model remain in stock or will it be restocked. By Akitsuki Feb-23/2018 11:02:50. It has 2 pieces in EU warehouse now.. Can I ship this product to Russia?. By Igor Feb-01/2018 10:02:08. Hello Igor, We can ship it to Russia.. Let me know if you need any help.. please confirm wich model is becasuse im very confussed, is P2C72 or P2A42?. By Edson Dec-02/2017 01:12:56. Hello Edson, Thanks for your inquiry.. hi, supports FDD-B5 LTE? in the specifications it does not come but I have understood that yes, could you corroborate the data?. By Edson Dec-02/2017 01:12:14. Hello Edson, Thanks for your inquiry.. The item does not support FDD-B5 LTE.. Does the Lenova P2 support NfC?. Has it got band 20 for UK usage?. By Harsid Pattani Nov-24/2017 08:11:07. Hello Harsid, Please note that the item can support NFC.. For the frequency of the item, please check the frequency in the link http://maps.mobileworldlive.com/ and detailed information as follows:. Network: 2G: GSM 850/900/1800/1900MHz CDMA 2000/1X EVDO 3G: WCDMA 850/900/1900/2100MHz TD-SCDMA B34/B39 4G: FDD-LTE B1/B3/B4/B7/B8 TDD-LTE B38/B39/B40. If your country can support the bands, you can use it in your country.. how many days for delivery, i need on wenesday. By cruz olmedo Nov-23/2017 08:11:24. Generally, most of our items will be shipped within 3-7 business days after payment. However, the exact processing time varies depending on the item.. Please refer to our shipping estimations below:. 1) Expedited Shipping: 3-7 business days. 2) Unregistered Air Mail & Registered Air Mail: 10-40 business days. 3) Priority Line: 5-25 business days (Only available for certain countries). Learn more information about our shipping methods here: http://www.gearbest.com/about/shipping-methods.html. By cruz olmedo Nov-23/2017 08:11:40. Generally, most of our items will be shipped within 3-7 business days after payment. However, the exact processing time varies depending on the item.. Please refer to our shipping estimations below:. 1) Expedited Shipping: 3-7 business days. 2) Unregistered Air Mail & Registered Air Mail: 10-40 business days. 3) Priority Line: 5-25 business days (Only available for certain countries). Learn more information about our shipping methods here: http://www.gearbest.com/about/shipping-methods.html. Hi - Please confirm that the phone ships with GLOBAL ROM by default and not a Chinese ROM. Please confirm if NFC will work everywhere, especially in UK/EU.. By Customer Nov-23/2017 06:11:35. Sorry this item is Chinese ROM.. Let me know if you need any further assistance.. i want know if it has italian langauge and banda 20 (800mhz)= for 4g. By clo Nov-18/2017 04:11:19. Does The Lenovo P2 a42 support the 800Hz (= B 20) and or 700 Hz (= B7) frequency for 4 G ?. By Derain Nov-14/2017 06:11:29. It can support below Network: 2G: GSM 850/900/1800/1900MHz CDMA 2000/1X EVDO 3G: WCDMA 850/900/1900/2100MHz TD-SCDMA B34/B39 4G: FDD-LTE B1/B3/B4/B7/B8 TDD-LTE B38/B39/B40. Let me know if you need any further assistance.. Prev 1 2 3 4 ... 10 Next Go To : GO. please confirm wich model is becasuse im very confussed, is P2C72 or P2A42?. By Edson Dec-02/2017 01:12:56. Hello Edson, Thanks for your inquiry.. hi, supports FDD-B5 LTE? in the specifications it does not come but I have understood that yes, could you corroborate the data?. By Edson Dec-02/2017 01:12:14. Hello Edson, Thanks for your inquiry.. The item does not support FDD-B5 LTE.. Does the Lenova P2 support NfC?. Has it got band 20 for UK usage?. By Harsid Pattani Nov-24/2017 08:11:07. Hello Harsid, Please note that the item can support NFC.. For the frequency of the item, please check the frequency in the link http://maps.mobileworldlive.com/ and detailed information as follows:. Network: 2G: GSM 850/900/1800/1900MHz CDMA 2000/1X EVDO 3G: WCDMA 850/900/1900/2100MHz TD-SCDMA B34/B39 4G: FDD-LTE B1/B3/B4/B7/B8 TDD-LTE B38/B39/B40. If your country can support the bands, you can use it in your country.. Hi - Please confirm that the phone ships with GLOBAL ROM by default and not a Chinese ROM. Please confirm if NFC will work everywhere, especially in UK/EU.. By Customer Nov-23/2017 06:11:35. Sorry this item is Chinese ROM.. Let me know if you need any further assistance.. i want know if it has italian langauge and banda 20 (800mhz)= for 4g. By clo Nov-18/2017 04:11:19. Does The Lenovo P2 a42 support the 800Hz (= B 20) and or 700 Hz (= B7) frequency for 4 G ?. By Derain Nov-14/2017 06:11:29. It can support below Network: 2G: GSM 850/900/1800/1900MHz CDMA 2000/1X EVDO 3G: WCDMA 850/900/1900/2100MHz TD-SCDMA B34/B39 4G: FDD-LTE B1/B3/B4/B7/B8 TDD-LTE B38/B39/B40. Let me know if you need any further assistance.. can you source the p2a42 model?? i am really desperate for this model, as the p2c72 is not the best for my country, australia.. By mitch Nov-14/2017 05:11:22. Let me know if you need any further assistance.. i have researched on internet and people are saying this model (p2a42) supports band 28 700mhz but in the description is says not... i really need this clarified asap please. By mitch Nov-13/2017 02:11:32. Network: 2G: GSM 850/900/1800/1900MHz CDMA 2000/1X EVDO 3G: WCDMA 850/900/1900/2100MHz TD-SCDMA B34/B39 4G: FDD-LTE B1/B3/B4/B7/B8 TDD-LTE B38/B39/B40. Let me know if you need any further assistance.. What version of android is installed on this phone. By Version of Android Nov-12/2017 01:11:01. Let me know if you need any further assistance.. By Evgeniy Nov-12/2017 12:11:19. Yes, it can support NFC .. Let me know if you need any further assistance.. Prev 1 2 3 4 ... 8 Next Go To : GO. Does this model remain in stock or will it be restocked. By Akitsuki Feb-23/2018 11:02:50. It has 2 pieces in EU warehouse now.. do you have grey LEnovo P2 in stock?. By Kirill Oct-16/2017 07:10:35. Hello Kirill, Yes, this item in stock now.. do you still have LEnovo P2 in stock?. By Petkevičius Aug-29/2017 09:08:37. Hello Petkevičius, Yes this item in stock now.. do you still have LEnovo P2 in stock?. By Petkevičius Aug-29/2017 09:08:36. Hello Petkevičius, Yes, this item in stock now.. If I asked for the phone, would I pay in the currency of my Egyptian pound or in dollars?. By ahmed Sep-13/2017 07:09:19. You are welcome to view the price in different currencies at the top of our home page. However we only accept payments in US Dollars and Euros.. Once you have paid by PayPal or credit card your order payment will be changed into USD automatically (Except for payments using Euros).. Can I ship this product to Russia?. By Igor Feb-01/2018 10:02:08. Hello Igor, We can ship it to Russia.. Let me know if you need any help.. how many days for delivery, i need on wenesday. By cruz olmedo Nov-23/2017 08:11:24. Generally, most of our items will be shipped within 3-7 business days after payment. However, the exact processing time varies depending on the item.. Please refer to our shipping estimations below:. 1) Expedited Shipping: 3-7 business days. 2) Unregistered Air Mail & Registered Air Mail: 10-40 business days. 3) Priority Line: 5-25 business days (Only available for certain countries). Learn more information about our shipping methods here: http://www.gearbest.com/about/shipping-methods.html. By cruz olmedo Nov-23/2017 08:11:40. Generally, most of our items will be shipped within 3-7 business days after payment. However, the exact processing time varies depending on the item.. Please refer to our shipping estimations below:. 1) Expedited Shipping: 3-7 business days. 2) Unregistered Air Mail & Registered Air Mail: 10-40 business days. 3) Priority Line: 5-25 business days (Only available for certain countries). Learn more information about our shipping methods here: http://www.gearbest.com/about/shipping-methods.html. Hello! It is possible to declare it as a MP3 or tablet?. By Sergio Perez Oct-16/2017 09:10:31. Unfortunately we cannot declare goods at a lower value than what the item is truly worth or other item. We are sorry for this inconvenience.. We regret that we cannot under declare goods due to customs laws or guarantee that our customers will not have to pay import tax. However, we will always strive to ensure that customers do not incur further costs and will always choose the best shipping solution possible for the destination country that the customer has chosen.. Please refer to our shipping and handling terms and conditions, here: http://www.gearbest.com/about/terms-and-conditions.html. If you have any more questions please feel free to contact us.. do you still have LEnovo P2 in stock?. By Kirill Oct-16/2017 07:10:02. Hello Kirill, Yes, this item in stock now.. hallo, ist it possible that purchase it on the original price but you write only 100 euro woth on the product to ship to Germany. As i have to pay 20 percent custom tax on the product to German customs. Therefore i want to pay less.. By syed abid Oct-10/2017 05:10:59. Unfortunately we cannot declare goods at a lower value than what the item is truly worth. We are sorry for this inconvenience.. We regret that we cannot under declare goods due to customs laws or guarantee that our customers will not have to pay import tax. However, we will always strive to ensure that customers do not incur further costs and will always choose the best shipping solution possible for the destination country that the customer has chosen.. Please refer to our shipping and handling terms and conditions, here: http://www.gearbest.com/about/terms-and-conditions.html. If you have any more questions please feel free to contact us.. if i pay for this phone will you ship it to UK and how long will it take to reach here. By w.ahmed Oct-03/2017 11:10:12. Generally, most of our items will be shipped within 3-7 business days after payment. However, the exact processing time varies depending on the item.. Please refer to our shipping estimations below:. 1) Expedited Shipping: 3-7 business days. 2) Unregistered Air Mail & Registered Air Mail: 10-40 business days. 3) Priority Line: 5-25 business days (Only available for certain countries). Learn more information about our shipping methods here: http://www.gearbest.com/about/shipping-methods.html. Will I have to pay import duty and VAT on top of the purchase price?. By Jools Sep-28/2017 11:09:53. If any taxes are incurred, they are charged by the destination country and not by Gearbest. Taxes are beyond Gearbest's control and are charged according to local customs policies and regulations.. For more details, please check your local customs website.. See our FAQ's here: http://www.gearbest.com/about/faq.html. Can you tell me if this phone is shipped from the uk. By Monica Sep-12/2017 10:09:53. Hello Monica, We will ship this item from HK warehouse.. How long do they ship the product?. By javier Aug-21/2017 11:08:23. Generally, most of our items will be shipped within 3-7 business days after payment. However, the exact processing time varies depending on the item.. Please refer to our shipping estimations below:. 1) Expedited Shipping: 3-7 business days. 2) Unregistered Air Mail & Registered Air Mail: 10-40 business days. 3) Priority Line: 5-25 business days (Only available for certain countries). Learn more information about our shipping methods here: http://www.gearbest.com/about/shipping-methods.html. is this phone refurbished or %100 brand new??. By ahmed Nov-12/2017 02:11:04. Let me know if you need any further assistance.. Are you sending in Athens, Greece?. If yes, how much this devise will cost with shipping and everything?. And payment is only by paypal?. By Dimitris Oct-28/2017 11:10:01. We can ship to your country.. You can see the shipping costs and delivery time for your order during the checkout.. Simply add your products to your cart and select the country of delivery, then the available shipping options and costs will be displayed.. We have 3 methods of delivery, the estimated shipping times are below:. 1) Expedited Shipping: 3-7 business days. 2) Unregistered Air Mail & Registered Air Mail: 10-40 business days. 3) Priority Line: 5-25 business days (Only available for certain countries). Learn more information about our shipping methods here: http://www.gearbest.com/about/shipping-methods.html. Gearbest accepts the following safe and secure payment methods:. Available payment methods depend on your country. Please add items to your cart and click "Proceed to checkout". Choose your destination country for a list of the available payment methods.. If you would like to pay by wire transfer or Western Union, please contact us for further details.. 96 Questions & Answers View All. Elephone P8 3D 4G Phablet 4GB RAM. Elephone P4000 MTK6735 64bit Android 5.1 4G LTE Sm.... Elephone Blitz Qualcomm Certification 3.0 Power Ad.... Original Elephone U Pro Fast Charger Adapter. Original Elephone PU Leather Full Body Case Protec.... Original Elephone U Scratch-resistant PC Back Case. Original Elephone U / U Pro Scratch-resistant Prot.... Original Elephone U PRO Scratch-resistant Cover Case. Original Elephone Anti-drop TPU Phone Back Case fo.... Base on 288 Customer Reviews. Share your thoughts with other customers Write a review. Pros: long time on barteru wifi games 3-4 days Cons: big frames. Is this helpful? Yes ( 0 ) No ( 0 ). Is this helpful? Yes ( 0 ) No ( 0 ). Bardzo szybka wysyłka i cena rewelacja. Cons: Może trochę za duży ale to w końcu phablet i taki powinien być.. Is this helpful? Yes ( 0 ) No ( 0 ). aparelho show de bola muito rápido. Pros: Bateria monstro dura 2 dias de uso moderado boa memória bom processador gostei muito Cons: Nada. Is this helpful? Yes ( 0 ) No ( 0 ). Cons: нет ю. Is this helpful? Yes ( 0 ) No ( 0 ). Pros: Demasiado bueno, con el Snapdragon 625, acompañado con 4GB de RAM y 64 de alamacenamiento, queda como un buen telefono, la bateria es moonstruosa, dura el dia completo si es que eres un usuario quelo usa todo el rato, dura de 1 a 3 dias la bateria si eres de consumo de entretenimiento bajo. Funciona con 4G en México con Telcel y AT&T. Is this helpful? Yes ( 0 ) No ( 0 ). Pros: Lenovo P2 tem muita memória, muito espaço interno e bateria que dura muuuuito!! Ótimo investimento!! Cons: A câmera não é muito boa, porém instalei o open camera e resolvi o problema! Está fazendo boas fotos até de noite!. Is this helpful? Yes ( 1 ) No ( 0 ). Pros: E così dopo 65 giorni è arrivato da Honk Kong il mio Lenovo P2. Ottimo telefono ma mi chiedo ancora perché i sigilli della confezione fossero aperti. Forse in Cina si usa rompere i sigilli di un articolo prima di spedire.... Is this helpful? Yes ( 0 ) No ( 0 ). Pros: super aparelho bateria de ótima qualidade Cons: nenhum. Is this helpful? Yes ( 0 ) No ( 0 ). Pros: gran sonido buena pantalla procesador potente un equipazo Cons: nada. Is this helpful? Yes ( 0 ) No ( 0 ). Prev 1 2 3 4 ... 29 Next Go To : GO. Pros: super aparelho bateria de ótima qualidade Cons: nenhum. Is this helpful? Yes ( 0 ) No ( 0 ). Pros: aparelho muito bonito é fino apesar de ter uma bateria de 5.100mah a camera trazeira é otima camera frontal é boa cores precisas a tela é amolede é linda leitor de digitais é muito rapido e preciso carregador é turbo Cons: o adaptador de tomada que a gearbest envia é de 20 Amperes para o brasil deve ser de 10 Aperes. atrazo na entrega, chegou com 44 dias uteis devido a greve na alfandega.. Is this helpful? Yes ( 1 ) No ( 0 ). Pros: great product, huge capacity battery, load the phone only twice a week! It is fluid and fast in every application, the display is excellent. Photos are not the best in low light conditions. For the rest it\'s perfect! Cons: nothing to report. Is this helpful? Yes ( 1 ) No ( 0 ). Pros: - Well made - Display - Great battery - Performance Cons: - Camera. Is this helpful? Yes ( 1 ) No ( 0 ). Pros: - wyświetlacz - jakość audio - czytnik linii papilarnych - bateria Cons: - aparat bardzo bardzo słaby, szczególnie w złych warunkach. Is this helpful? Yes ( 0 ) No ( 0 ). Lenovo P2 4G Phablet 5.5 inch FHD Screen Android 6.0. The goods are functional, everything corresponds to the description. Cons: No problems were found.The product is functional.. Is this helpful? Yes ( 0 ) No ( 0 ). Lenovo P2 4G Phablet 5.5 inch FHD Screen Android 6.0. Pros: Шикарный телефон! Так долго ни один телефон не работает. Is this helpful? Yes ( 0 ) No ( 0 ). Pros: ótimo Smartphone rápido bonito e barato,boa bateria Cons: nada. Is this helpful? Yes ( 0 ) No ( 0 ). хорошая производительность автономность но вот камера не очень. Is this helpful? Yes ( 0 ) No ( 0 ). This smartphone stands out stand out from the android crowds!. Pros: I strongly recommend this smartphone if you\'re looking for these specifics technical features: - long life time battery; - excellent display quality; - very good design; - speed data processing; Cons: The user\'s manual is in Chinese!. Is this helpful? Yes ( 0 ) No ( 0 ). Prev 1 2 3 4 ... 13 Next Go To : GO. Pros: great product, huge capacity battery, load the phone only twice a week! It is fluid and fast in every application, the display is excellent. Photos are not the best in low light conditions. For the rest it\'s perfect! Cons: nothing to report. Is this helpful? Yes ( 1 ) No ( 0 ). Pros: - Well made - Display - Great battery - Performance Cons: - Camera. Is this helpful? Yes ( 1 ) No ( 0 ). Lenovo P2 4G Phablet 5.5 inch FHD Screen Android 6.0. The goods are functional, everything corresponds to the description. Cons: No problems were found.The product is functional.. Is this helpful? Yes ( 0 ) No ( 0 ). Lenovo P2 4G Phablet 5.5 inch FHD Screen Android 6.0. Pros: Шикарный телефон! Так долго ни один телефон не работает. Is this helpful? Yes ( 0 ) No ( 0 ). Pros: Acabamento, sistema, hardware e bateria que dura muito. Cons: As câmeras tiram boas fotos apenas durante o dia já a noite perdem um pouco de qualidade mais usando o flash melhora um pouco.. Is this helpful? Yes ( 0 ) No ( 0 ). хорошая производительность автономность но вот камера не очень. Is this helpful? Yes ( 0 ) No ( 0 ). Pros: 4 гб оперативки,64 внутренней памяти,экран,аккумулятор. Cons: Камера на тройку с плюсом. В большинстве случаев фото получаются нормальные, но бывают проблемы с фокусировкой. Гораздо хуже обстоят дела с записью видео - фокусировка скачет, громкие звуки (например, концерт) записывает плохо. Точнее на записи получается не звук, а скрипы и скрежет. Говорят, помогает установка сторонних приложений камеры, но пока не пробовал.. Is this helpful? Yes ( 0 ) No ( 0 ). Pros: Мощный аккум, амолед дисплей- экономия батареи 4гб оперативки хватит для большинства задач Cons: Дисплей не очень яркий. Is this helpful? Yes ( 0 ) No ( 0 ). Pros: Данный телефон был куплен в подарок отцу после изучения обзора на Муське. В отличие от остальных популярных китайфонов этот телефон внушает уважение качеством изготовления и балансом характеристик, особенно вызывает уважения батарея в 5100 мАч, позволяющая 4 дня не походить к розетке (мой SGS7 требует зарядку два раза в день), причем телефон и комплектная зарядное устройство поддерживает технологию быстрого заряда QC3.0. Телефон без тормозов и глюков заработал на стоковой прошивке и прекрасно видит сети 4G. Cons: Комплектное зарядное устройство с китайской вилкой. Нет нормальных стекол для защиты экрана.. Is this helpful? Yes ( 0 ) No ( 0 ). Pros: The device has been packed with hardware and good quality, meets all needs. Cons: The power charger should come in European standard.. Is this helpful? Yes ( 0 ) No ( 0 ). Prev 1 2 3 4 5 Next Go To : GO. After confirming your payment, we usually ship products out within 24 business hours. However, sometimes due to large transaction volumes or other order issues, we may require up to 3 working days to process orders. You will receive a notification email as soon as your product(s) have been dispatched.. Unregistered Air Mail or Registered Air Mail. Spain, United Kingdom, Italy, Germany, France & Portugal. Netherlands, Greece, Poland, Hungary, Slovakia, Czech Republic. Spain, United Kingdom, Italy, Germany, France & Portugal. GW Warehouse: Typically 3-5 days to the UK, 3-7 days to other European countries. USA Warehouse: Generally, 3-7 days to a USA address. ES Warehouse: Generally, 2-5 days to the Spain, 3-7 days to the Portugal. Shipping from warehouse nearest to shipping address is faster. Note: The above shipping time are calculated by using calendar days. This is a general guide and delays maybe caused force majeure, natural disasters, inclement weather, war, public holidays, and factors outside our control. The most convenient payment method in the world.. For orders which exceed $1,500,please contact us at support@gearbest.com. Note: please email us the order number,the amount transferred along with currency type,and the exact date of the wire transfer.. Please contact us at support@gearbest.com for details. Note: please email us the following information after you have paid via Westem Union: · Control Number(10 digits) · The exact amount sent along with the currency · Name of sender. There are two key factors which will affect the time you receive your items.. Gearbest.com accepts PayPal,Credit Cards,Wire Transfer and Westem Union as secure payment methods.. *Please let us know as much as possible about your inquiry so that we can assist you with your specific needs. We are always happy to help wherever possible.. Please note: the standard and expedited shipping costs are only estimates; the actual shipping price will be shown on the order page.. At Gearbest we work hard to ensure we can offer our customers high quality products at the lowest possible price. If you purchase a Gearbest product and find that the price has dropped within 72 hours of paying the order, we will refund the difference - no questions asked. Simply contact our Customer Service team at our Support Center with the details. Please note that our 72 hours Price Protection Program does not apply to Flash Deal products.. Prices may fluctuate due to page caches, updates or sales ending; the most up-to-date price takes priority.. ALL prices listed on GearBest exclude taxes, import fees, and customs duties. Customers may be subject to these fees.. Vaild for 72 Hour(s) after receiving.please check it in your GB Account - My Coupon .. FAQ & Support Terms and Conditions. Newsletter GearBest respects your privacy. Copyright ©2014-2018 Gearbest.com All Rights Reserved.. 
All Mobiles Computers TV Appliances Care Best Products Upcoming Mobiles News Deals Cashback. Mobile Phones / Lenovo / Lenovo P2 Price in India. Updated On: 26th February 2018. 4.3 15408 Ratings 28 Questions & Answers. Lenovo P2 runs Android 6.0 Marshmallow. The smartphone has a 5.5-inch Full HD Super AMOLED display. It has a 13MP rear camera with an LED flash and a 5MP front-facing camera. 4GB variant of this mobile is. The device is powered by a 2GHz octa-core Snapdragon 625 processor and 3GB RAM. It has 32GB internal storage which can further be expanded via a microSD card up to 128GB. Connectivity options include 4G, Wi-Fi 802.11 b/g/n, Bluetooth 4.1, GPS, and a microUSB 2.0 port. The device is powered by a non-removable Li-Ion 5,100 mAh battery .. Best Price: ₹ 14,990. Key Specifications Snapdragon 625 processor 3GB RAM 32GB internal storage 5100 mAh battery 13 M.Pixels rear & 5 M.Pixels selfie 5.5 inch screen Dual SIM (Nano SIM) Android OS, v6.0 (Marshmallow). Earn ₹112 cashback on this product. (Not applicable for purchases in Amazon) i Sign up. Lenovo P2 Price starts at Rs. The lowest price of Lenovo P2 is at Flipkart. P2 is not available in other online stores. This phone is available in 32 GB, 32 GB storage variants.. Lenovo P2 is the latest mid-range smartphone that comes with attractive specifications and a giant battery. The device sports a metal unibody design and comes with a front-facing home button that doubles up as a fingerprint reader .. The device features a 5.5-inch Full HD Super AMOLED display that is paired with impressive viewing angles, and as the device comes with a Super AMOLED display, screen legibility even under bright sunlight is good.. The Lenovo P2 ships with an internal storage space of 32GB that can further be expanded using a microSD card. There is enough room on the smartphone that can be used to install apps and store personal files.. At its heart, the smartphone is armed with an octa-core Qualcomm Snapdragon 625 chipset which is clocked at 2GHz that ensures a flawless smartphone experience. Also, to aid multitasking, the SoC is coupled with 3GB of RAM .. Based on the Android 6.0 Marshmallow operating system out of the box Lenovo ensures that users can experience the latest Android version.. The Lenovo P2 makes its way into the Indian smartphone market with a 13-megapixel primary shooter which is supported with an LED flash that helps you capture decent images even under low-light. On the front, the device comes with a 5-megapixel front-facing shooter for selfies and video calling.. On the software front, the device runs the Android 6.0 Marshmallow operating system out of the box.. The Lenovo P2 ships with all the standard connectivity options which include 4G , Wi-Fi 802.11 b/g/n, Bluetooth 4.1, GPS and a microUSB 2.0 port. One of the striking features of the device is that it draws its juice from a giant Li-Ion 5,100 mAh battery which can easily last for more than a day even for a heavy user.. Lenovo P2 Specifications Display Display Type Super AMOLED Resolution 1080x1920 pixels Size (in inches) 5.5 Pixel Density 401 pixels per inch (ppi) Touchscreen type Capacitive Color Reproduction 16M Colors Protection Corning Gorilla Glass 3 Screen to body percentage 71.7 % Design and Build Dimensions 6.0 x 2.9 x 0.3 inches Weight 177 grams Software Operating System Android OS, v6.0 (Marshmallow) Camera Rear Flash Yes, Dual LED Selfie Flash No Primary 13 M.Pixels Front 5 M.Pixels Video [email. protected] Storage Internal 32GB RAM 3GB Expandable MicroSD, 128GB Battery Type Li-Ion Talk time 79 hrs (3G) Capacity 5100 mAh Standby Time 768 hrs (3G) Turbo Charge Yes Connectivity Bluetooth v4.1 with A2DP Wi-Fi Yes with hotspot 3G Yes USB Micro USB v2.0 Voice Over LTE (VoLTE) Yes 2G Yes 4G Yes SIM Configuration Dual SIM (Nano SIM) GPS Yes NFC Chipset Yes Infrared No Processor Variant Snapdragon 625 Architecture Cortex-A53 No of Cores 8 (Octa Core) Make Qualcomm MSM8953 Frequency 2.0 GHz GPU Adreno 506 Sensors Proximity Yes Accelerometer Yes Gyroscope Yes Ambient Light No Fingerprint sensor Yes Sound Loudspeaker Yes Headphones Yes. Please ask the question in above box. How is the camera performance of this phone?. Though the Lenovo P2 might look strong as per the specification, the front camera is not that good compared to its performance. The photos turn out to be overexposed, at times, when there is ample sunlight. Otherwise, the landscape shots are great. Low light shots are not so great, especially the close-up ones. Selfie camera will give you quite okay-ish quality. There are better options out there like the Redmi Note 4 or Honor 6X when it comes to camera performance.. The 13MP camera of this device is not great, but it's not bad at all.. It has 4K slow-motion recording too.. Is Lenovo p2 is the only phone which supports rapid charge technology?. Rapid charge such as dash charge, flash charge, quick charge i.e., type C, B and so on... here the P2 is a qualcomm snapdragon 625 device so obviously qualcomm quick charge 3.0 technology is used here.. No, many phones these days comes with this technology.. Does it feel bulky in hand?. Though it has 5100mAh battery, it doesn't feel that heavy. How is the RAM performance of this mobile?. Its 2 GHz Qualcomm octa-core processor, with 3 GB of DDR3 RAM, offers you a smooth and fast performance without breaking a sweat.. Not that great, it turns red if you are using up to 5-6 apps at the same time, but it doesn't lag at all.. Does it have a Corning Gorilla glass protection?. Yes, it comes with a Corning Gorilla Glass 3.. 5 Ratings 1 Reviews. 5 1. 4 0. 3 1. 2 2. 1 1. Rate & review this product and help other customers. Lenovo mobile price list in India. Oppo F5 Youth price (Rs. Oppo F3 Plus price in India (Rs. Oppo F3 price in India (Rs. Samsung Galaxy J7 Prime price in India (Rs. Mobile Phones in Price Range Similar to Price of Lenovo P2. IFA 2016: Lenovo P2 gets unveiled with 5.5-inch AMOLED display and 5,100mAh battery. At the ongoing IFA 2016 consumer technology expo Lenovo has launched a bunch of devices including laptops tablets smartphones and monitors Along with its entry-level A6600 smartphone Lenovo has also launched a mid-range phablet with a large AMOLED display and a huge batteryLenovo P2 Specif. All prices in the above table are in Indian Rupees. Cashback will not be credited for purchases in Amazon. The latest price of Lenovo P2 was obtained on 26th February 2018 15:01:27 The Lenovo P2 is available in Flipkart The price is valid in all major cities of India including Bangalore, Hyderabad, Chennai, Mumbai, Delhi and Pune. Please check instructions at the specific stores for any deviation. Buy Lenovo P2 online in India for the lowest price. You can also avail the options of Cash on Delivery (COD) and EMI on purchase of this product. Lenovo P2 is available in Grey, Gold colours across various online stores in India.. Lenovo P2 Price in India is Rs. 14,990 as on 26th February 2018 15:01:27. Earn extra cashback on every purchase. Visit BonusApp → Shop → Get cashback. Nokia 8110 4G Nokia 8 Sirocco Micromax X507 Micromax Canvas Music M1. Tecno Camon I Air Micromax X726 Karbonn A9 Indian 4G Videocon V502430. Upcoming Mobiles Gadget News & Reviews Compare Mobiles Big Billion Day 2017. Contact Us Privacy Terms of Use Blog. © 2017 MySmartPrice Web Technology Private Limited. Made with ❤ in. 
ADD TO CART BUY NOW. Lenovo P2 (Gold, 32 GB) (4 GB RAM). No Cost EMIs from ₹ 1,667 /month. Other EMIs from ₹ 728 /month. Get upto ₹ 14,000 off on exchange. Special Price Get extra ₹3000 off (price inclusive of discount) Bank Offer Extra 5% off* with Axis Bank Buzz Credit Card Partner Offer First time mobile buyers, Get Extra 10% off on your next purchase on select fashion products. Brand Warranty of 1 Year Available for Mobile and 6 Months for Accessories. Please select a Color to proceed ✕. Please select a RAM to proceed ✕. Enter pincode for exact delivery dates/charges. 4 GB RAM | 32 GB ROM | Expandable Upto 128 GB 5.5 inch Full HD Display 13MP Rear Camera | 5MP Front Camera 5100 mAh Battery Qualcomm Snapdragon 625 Octa Core 2.0GHz Processor. No cost EMI starting from ₹1,667/month Cash on Delivery Net banking & Credit/ Debit/ ATM card. View 2 sellers starting from ₹ 14,999. With a 5100 mAh battery that can last for hours on end, there’s never a dull moment with the Lenovo P2 smartphone. And when the battery’s low, the Rapid Charge feature charges it up in just a matter of minutes. The One-Key power saver helps optimize battery life, so you get the most out of it for longer. Its 2 GHz Qualcomm octa-core processor, with 4 GB of DDR3 RAM, offers a smooth and fast performance without any stutter.. Looking for a new smartphone? The Lenovo P2, with its sleek profile and impressive features, can be the one for you.. Watch movies, surf the Internet, play mobile games, listen to music or shoot photos - do whatever you love to do the most on your smartphone for hours on end. Its 5100 mAh battery will keep the fun going on for up to 3 days after a full charge. This phone offers up to 16 hours of surfing, up to 18 hours of watching videos and up to 22 hours of playing music with a single charge.. Often, we don’t have enough time in the morning to charge our phone completely. As a result, we have to look for phone chargers at work. Thanks to the 24 W Rapid Charge feature of this smartphone, you can get up to 10 hours of battery life in just 15 minutes.. The Lenovo P2 has a One-Key power saver button on its side, which can help you save battery life, making it run longer. All you need to do is slide the button to close all unwanted applications, optimize screen brightness and switch on the power-saving mode.. The metal body of this smartphone is 8.3 mm thin, making it sleek enough to fit easily in your grip. The design makes the Lenovo P2 tough enough to go wherever you go.. The Lenovo P2 features a 2.0 GHz Qualcomm Snapdragon 625 true octa-core processor and a 4 GB LP DDR3 RAM, making it powerful enough to handle even the most demanding of tasks.. Featuring 32 GB of internal storage memory, this smartphone can accommodate a lot of songs, videos, photos and much more. You can also add a microSD card of up to 128 GB using the Hybrid Slot to further expand your phone's storage memory.. The 13.97 cm Full HD touchscreen of this smartphone features the Perfect View Display technology, so your onscreen visuals look sharp and vivid. With a 100% NTSC gamut, you can experience vibrant graphics with rich detail. The Super AMOLED screen technology optimizes the power usage without compromising on the quality of the graphics.. Thanks to the Sony image sensor and an LED flash, the 13 MP PDAF rear camera of this smartphone can capture bright and beautiful photos, even in low light. The 5 MP front camera lets you take portrait-worthy selfies and ‘groupfies’.. This smartphone has two nano SIM slots, of which one is a Hybrid SIM slot. It supports 4G LTE to offer you fast connectivity. With the Dual Apps feature, you can conveniently switch between the two SIMs, so your personal and professional contacts stay separate yet easily accessible.. The Lenovo P2 has a fingerprint reader that makes unlocking your smartphone and accessing your data fast and secure.. The Lenovo P2 is powered by Android Marshmallow v6.0.1 operating system. With features such as, Doze and App Standby, this operating system saves your battery’s power for what matters the most. Not only that, it also gives you access to cards and apps with useful information with just a single tap.. Handset, Black 12 V 2 A Fast Charger and USB Cable, Black Headphone, User Manual, Quick Start Guide, SIM Tray Tool, Transparent Case, OTG Adapter, Screen Protector P2a42 P2 Gold Smartphones Dual Sim Yes Yes Yes 4 GB RAM 1.5 W Speaker at 85 dB, 2 Microphones, Tl TAS2555 Smart Amplifier. 5.5 inch 1920 x 1080 pixels Full HD Adreno 506 with UBWC at 550 MHz Super AMOLED 16 M Gorilla Glass 3, Lenovo Screen 100% NTSC Color Optimization, 2.5D Cover Glass, Full Lamination, Oncell 10 Points. Android Marshmallow 6 Qualcomm Snapdragon 625 Octa Core 2.0GHz Octa Core 2.0 GHz GSM - 850 / 900 / 1800 / 1900; WCDMA - 850 / 900 / 1900 / 2100; 4G LTE (TDD) - Bands (38 / 40), 4G LTE (FDD) - Bands (1 / 3 / 4 / 5 / 7 / 8 / 20 / 28). 32 GB 4 GB 128 GB microSD Hybrid Slot Yes. Yes 13MP Auto Focus 5 Piece Composite Lens (Sony 258), 1080P Recording, Slowmotion, Timelapse, 4K Recording Yes 5MP Fixed Focus Dual Yes Yes 720 x 1280. 4G VOLTE, 3G, 2G 4G LTE, 4G LTE 4G, 3G, Wi-Fi, GPRS, EDGE Yes HSPA+ Yes Android Yes 4.1 Yes 802.11 ac/a/b/g/n Yes Yes Yes 3.5 mm Google Maps Yes. Nano SIM No Yes 401 PPI Vibration, Gravitation, Proximity, Light Sensor, Gyroscope (Accelerometer), Magnetometer (e-Compass), Front Finger Print LTE Cat6 300 Mbps DL, 50 Mbps UL, 4G Standby Time: 768.61 hrs. 76 mm 153 mm 8.3 mm 177 g. Brand Warranty of 1 Year Available for Mobile and 6 Months for Accessories. Chevron Back Cover for Lenovo P2. Aspir Tempered Glass Guard for Lenovo P2. Fully satisfied...Worth the money...Proud owner of Lenovo P2...Full confidence with battery Life...Super fast charging...Super fast performance...Average Camera...Premium Look...Excellent Display...Superb audio quality...Important accessories are provided for free...Good Sun light visibilty...Got Android 'N' update...Great responsive UI...Great All rounder...Despite of, having a massive 5100mah battery its not that heavy...its slim...full metal body...2.5 d curved glass...front facing fing.... The Lenovo P2 a good and proud successor of P1.. Brought this smartphone on 13th morning and received on 15th afternoon for 13750rs with exchange and SBI credit card offers My variant is Dark grey(which is preferable since the gold one has border which looks a bit cheap),4 GB Ram with 32gb inbuilt First look was enough to bring me in the aura this phone has Good packaging from Flipkart Quick delivery And Paisa vasool Why I will say Pros 1. the 5100 mah battery,I used it he.... Been playing with it for the past few days. Great battery life! Set an exemplary standard for every other vendor to follow. Wish Lenovo followed Google's standard of distributing monthly security updates.. Superb Device If You want some proof go to my channel and check the Lenovo P2 video "Smart Reviews" Pros Brighter and Vivid Display Superb Audio output from speaker Value for money Use Open cam and your problem gonna solve Cons Not much Special camera Better cam than Redmi Note 4 and better battey and display and audio than Moto g5plus Donot ask about honor 6x. Good battery, Amoled screen, 5.5" screen, Snapdragon 625 processor, 4 GB RAM what else. Camera is good for still photography but without image stabilization video quality jerks. On the whole it's 90 / 💯. Been using it for over a week now. Pros and cons summarised as follows: Pros: - Super battery life. You really only need to charge this bad boy every 3 days if you're a light to moderate user. Presumably, heavy users need to charge it every alternate day. Charging is super fast as well. - Very premium finish on the phone. It looks and feels like a true flagship phone. I have it in gold and it looks very classy. - Gorgeous Super AMOLED screen similar to Samsung. Authentic User of this Product (No Fake Review). Got Rs 2000/- discount on Lenovo P2 (4GB RAM Version) whose features (not the one mentioned under description section) are: - Android Nougat update with Lenovo Customized version is really awesome experience - Mobile is already fast (with 4 GB RAM) and after changing Window animation scale, Transition animation scale, and Animator duration scale to 0.5x after enabling developer mode it is really very very fast. - It comes with OTG Adopter, that means you can directly connect your usual pen.... Writing a review after a month of use .. Better than moto g5 plus and redmi note 4 at anytime. They are over hyped devices.(Have used all three phones) Battery : Exceptional battery life of 2 days of heavy usage and 3 to 4 days of normal usage Also 1 hour charge gives you 2 days of usage no phone can do that. Camera : people say it's not good but it's fairly decent .. takes good quality photos is day light. Low light are little noisy but it's problem with al.... Awesome phone ! Go for it !! Just got it yesterday, and believe me it's superb, every little aspect about this phone is marvellous. Touch is sensitive, display is crisp and vibrant thanks to Super AMOLED Display , multitasking has never been so easy. I am not intending to write a long paragraph or something, I would only like to say this is just a beast in every sense and the main focus point I would like to point out like everyone else has I'm their reviews the battery life just speechless..... Best In Class Hardware Revisiting after 6 months of use. Exceptional battery performance with a large battery + Fast-charging. No heating issues or performance lags. Despite Lenovo's infamy, it is providing security updates once every 3 months or so. Gaming experience is not that good. Despite SD625 it fails to provide a seamless experience. Q: is this phone have a 64-bit processor or a 32-bit processor??. Q: this mobile upgrade to naugout.yes are no. A: Yes it needs an update.. Q: VOLTE option is there in this mobile....?. A: Yes this mobile supports VOLTE and this mobile is awesome and buy with trust from Flipkart.. Q: is this support HD video calling from dialler?. A: yes, with Jio you can HD video calling from dialler. Q: it is have led notification?. SD 625 is one of the most stable chipsets out there, no heating whatsoever.. Q: is this phone have a water proof. Q: Will it bring the latest Android O update?. A: As of now, it is mentioned that Lenovo P2 will not get. A: Camera is average but shutter speed is too good, but it will not disappoint you.. Q: which is best samsung j7 pro or lenevo p2?. A: Lenovo P2 is the best. You May Also Be Interested In. Payments Shipping Cancellation & Returns FAQ Report Infringement. Contact Us About Us Careers Flipkart Stories Press Sell on Flipkart. Online Shopping Affiliate Program Gift Card Flipkart First Subscription Sitemap. Policies: Returns Policy Terms of use Security Privacy Infringement © 2007- 2018 Flipkart.com.. Top Stories : Brand Directory. MOST SEARCHED IN Mobiles & Accessories: IPHONE 6 16 GB PRICE IN INDIA HONOR 6 PLUS PRICE IN INDIA HTC 820 DESIRE INTEX AQUA 3G INTEX AQUA POWER HD PRICE IN INDIA XIAOMI POWER BANK MICROMAX CANVAS 2.2 MICROMAX CANVAS A111 CANVAS FIRE A104 MICROMAX CANVAS FIRE 4 LUMIA 535 PRICE IN INDIA MICROSOFT LUMIA 540 PRICE IN INDIA X MOBI MOTO E MOBILE PRICE MOTO X 2ND GENERATION PRICE 1 1 MOBILE PHONE SAMSUNG MEMORY CARD SAMSUNG A3 GALAXY TAB 4 SONY XPERIA M2 DUAL PRICE IN INDIA SONY Z3 COMPACT PRICE IN INDIA 6S PRICE I PHONE 7 NOKIA X2 DUAL SIM REDMI 2 PRIME SAMSUNG GALAXY A8 PRICE GALAXY GRAND PRIME 4G GALAXY NOTE EDGE PRICE VIVO V5 PLUS. Vaishnavi Summit, Ground Floor, 7th Main,. 
Enter the characters you see below. Sorry, we just need to make sure you're not a robot. For best results, please make sure your browser is accepting cookies.. Type the characters you see in this image:. 
more ... more .... more ... more .... 4 Call Quality, Battery life and Conclusion. by Victor Hristov. Android - Android + Lenovo - Lenovo +. 4 Call Quality, Battery life and Conclusion. Interface and Functionality Clunky Lenovo interface on top of an old version of Android and no promise for updates. The Lenovo P2 ships with a heavy custom skin on top of Android 6.0 Marshmallow. Both the skin and the outdated version of Android are a disappointment. Lenovo has promised to update the phone to Android 7.0 Nougat in April 2017, a few months later than most others, but still it's something in a world of cheap phones that rarely get updated. The Lenovo UI on top is not a pretty thing either. It looks ugly, outdated, with icons and visuals that would have probably looked in theme when Android 2.3 Gingerbread was all the rage, but are a sad sight in early 2017. Sure, you have themes to pick from and various customization options on board, but none of them are much better, so the best that you can get is a look that is tolerable. We recommend using a custom launcher on the Lenovo P2 and with a couple of hours invested in fine-tuning the visuals, you might get a much better interface in many places. Yet still, we found that the original P2 software was in places buggy: playing a particular song in the music player would crash and reboot the phone, setting a different launcher than the stock one would work at first, but then the phone would randomly return to the stock launcher with no warning, and a few other issues nagged on. There is a long list of inconsistencies in this user interface, and we hope Lenovo works hard on bringing it up to date and make it bug-free. Processor, Performance and Memory The frugal Snapdragon 625 runs smoothly in daily tasks, but is not a powerhouse. The Lenovo P2 is powered by the frugal Snapdragon 625 system chip, an octa-core SoC with eight A53 cores running at up to 2GHz. And it was a mostly smooth experience for daily tasks, so we have no complaints in this regard. Of course, benchmarks show that this is not a processor that is among the fastest ones, nor is it a dream for gamers, but if you care about daily tasks and things like browsing the web and Facebook, we’ve had no major issues with speed. In terms of storage, you have a decent 32GB on-board allowance on the P2, with the option to add additional memory via the microSD card slot. Internet and Connectivity 4G LTE works perfectly well in Europe with support for all major bands. The Lenovo P2 is not a phone officially sold in the United States, so you should not be surprised that it does not support 4G LTE bands for any of the major U.S. carriers like Verizon , AT&T, T-Mobile and Sprint. However, the Lenovo P2 is equipped perfectly proper for the European and Asian market. The European model supports 4G LTE bands 1, 3, 4, 5, 7, 8, 20, 28, or put simply it should work on the overwhelming majority of networks in the Old Continent. You have support for LTE Category 6 and download speeds top up at 300 Mbps, while upload speeds max out at 50 Mbps. Other connectivity options include Wi-Fi b / g / n with support for only the 2.4GHz channel (this is not great because in dense urban areas you often get much slower speeds on this channel). There is also USB 2.0 support, GPS, Bluetooth 4.1 and the phone does support NFC.. Image: 1 of 9. The Lenovo P2 ships with a heavy custom skin on top of Android 6.0 Marshmallow. The Lenovo P2 ships with a heavy custom skin on top of Android 6.0 Marshmallow. (Posts: 6747; Member since: 30 Sep 2014). posted on 23 Mar 2017, 09:43. why did you compare this sub-$300 phone with flagships? (OP3T, S7edge. and microUSB is a con? lol... (Posts: 907; Member since: 27 May 2011). posted on 23 Mar 2017, 09:46. We compare it to popular phones of similar size because those are the phones people use. You can always add the phone you are interested using our tools and see how they compare in terms of battery life, performance and camera quality.. (Posts: 25; Member since: 23 Feb 2017). posted on 23 Mar 2017, 11:33. Why not just put smartphone with the same price and same size? That's more objective than this one. G S7e and iPhone 7p vs Lenovo P2? WTF. (Posts: 6747; Member since: 30 Sep 2014). posted on 23 Mar 2017, 19:26. in response to #5 Hide. should be compared with J7prime, Oppo F1s, Nokia 6, Honor 6X, or Moto G4 Plus. (Posts: 42; Member since: 22 May 2011). posted on 03 Jun 2017, 07:35. I think this is even more usefull. Now to me it's obvious a €300,00 phone can compete with phones costing twice or even 3 times as much in certain fields.. (Posts: 333; Member since: 12 Jun 2015). posted on 23 Mar 2017, 10:11. This phone is great expect for the camera. I've had it for the past 3 months and it performs better than my Note 5. Your battery tests need to be revisited PA, that phone can hold up to 20 hrs SoT at 20% brightness. And the UI is no big deal, throw Nova Launcher and you're good to go. Very good build quality, impressive audio output, the AMOLED screen is great, very fast fingerprint scanner, balanced performance, top notch battery... the only downside is the average camera. Overall I give it 8.5 out of 10.. (Posts: 907; Member since: 27 May 2011). posted on 24 Mar 2017, 02:14. It is indeed absolutely amazing in terms of battery life. Our tests are consistent, but sometimes there is more to battery life like stand-by time, etc. In my personal experience, I have never used a phone with such a long-lasting battery, it's a game-changer.. (Posts: 347; Member since: 16 Nov 2011). posted on 23 Mar 2017, 10:37. Best value for money smartphone of 2017. I hope there will be successor to the P2 with a better camera. It's the only real downside of the P2.. (Posts: 1; Member since: 23 Mar 2017). posted on 23 Mar 2017, 16:29. I agree with the above comments, great phone with outstanding battery life. The 7.0 score is way too low, but you can't trust PAs review scores anyway. Android Nougat should arrive in april and I also can't understand the complaints about the interface. It doesn't look that bad, but I use Nova Launcher anyway. The settings on my former S7 were much more skinned, here it is much closer to stock android. The battery of my S7 lasted nearly 2 days for me, now I charge the P2 every 4-5 days. By the way, the included charger seems to be the fastest available (see videos on youtube). I got another P2 for my wife from amazon italy for just 210€, what a deal!. (Posts: 907; Member since: 27 May 2011). posted on 24 Mar 2017, 02:15. Thanks for sharing! Wow, that's a great deal for that price. You can only fix so much with a launcher. The software experience - when compared with all others - especially the visual side, looks very dated. The settings menu looks way better on Nougat phones, so let's hope that Lenovo brings its A game in April.. (Posts: 4; Member since: 28 May 2012). posted on 24 Mar 2017, 06:07. It won't ever see Nougat let alone O. I'd rather pay a bit more for something better.. (Posts: 42; Member since: 22 May 2011). posted on 03 Jun 2017, 07:40. So better means updates to you? That's not the case for everyone.. (Posts: 413; Member since: 31 Mar 2011). posted on 25 Mar 2017, 03:42. I have this phone and I would agree with the reviewer. The display is AMOLED, but not calibrated properly, even Oneplus X display is better. FP sensor is faster, but many times it fails to recognize, it's not better than Moto G4 Plus. The camera is decent only in good lighting, in artificial light, it's really bad. Buy this phone, only if your main priority is battery life, which phone can give you 8h SOT with 2 days, while travelling with dual SIMs, 4G always on.. (Posts: 1; Member since: 13 May 2009). posted on 04 Apr 2017, 01:25. I'm sorry to say PA, but you are loosing respect by every review that you are writing here. "We compare it to popular phones of similar size because those are the phones people use." If this is your logic to compare the phones against its peers then I must say, you are also loosing sight of your own competitors in the market. PA was once a great site with excellent insights into the mobile industry and its trends and future predictions. Now it seems the management is disillusioned with the current market trends and is churning out the same old thing without innovating themselves(relying heavily on evleaks). Gentlemen and Ladies At PhoneArena, if you are reading this kindly focus on what the market requires, on what distinguishing capabilities you have, Innovate Innovate Innovate... Hope the site achieves its former glory. (Posts: 541; Member since: 29 Aug 2014). posted on 05 Apr 2017, 02:27. (Posts: 42; Member since: 22 May 2011). posted on 03 Jun 2017, 07:42. So which phone doesn't come from China that you like?. (Posts: 169; Member since: 09 Oct 2016). posted on 23 May 2017, 03:15. they can't revisit battery test, since iphones would fall off the chart if they do it.. Want to comment? Please login or register .. Lenovo P2 Review - Interface and Functionality. Display 5.5 inches, 1080 x 1920 pixels (401 ppi) Super AMOLED. Size 6.02 x 2.99 x 0.33 inches (153 x 76 x 8.3 mm). Qualcomm Snapdragon 625, Octa-core, 2000 MHz, ARM Cortex-A53 processor 4 GB RAM. Gear S4 may come with a blood pressure monitor, Samsung patent reveals. Google Pay launches today, but its most important feature is not here yet. Galaxy S9 and S9+ previewed in glorious detail with full specs and release date. Galaxy S9 and S9+ price and release date on Verizon, AT&T, T-Mobile and Best Buy. The Samsung Galaxy S9 and S9+ have game-changing cameras with variable aperture and 960fps slow-mo video recording. The Big Barcelona Camera Comparison: iPhone X vs Pixel 2 XL vs Note 8. Samsung Galaxy S9 and S9+ rumor review: Specs, design, features, price and release date. Samsung Galaxy A8 (2018) Review 6.5. Sony Xperia XA2 and Xperia XA2 Ultra Review 7.8. Huawei Mate 10 Lite Review 8. Jabra Elite 65t wireless earphones Review 8.5. Samsung Galaxy Note 3 vs Samsung Galaxy Note 2. LG V30 Review 8.8. Sony presents Xperia XZ2 and XZ2 Compact: new design and Snapdragon 845. Galaxy S9 Exynos edition gets benchmarked against rivals!. Galaxy S9 first camera comparison vs iPhone X, V30, S8. Samsung Galaxy S9 & S9+ hands-on. MWC 2018: top smartphones to expect. Best smartphone you can buy in 2018. Allo is a quality app, but Google isn't giving it a real chance. All content (phone reviews, news, specs, info), design and layouts are Copyright 2001-2018 phoneArena.com. Reproduction in whole or in part or in any form or medium without written permission is prohibited! Privacy. 
The source for Tech Buying Advice. More Car Tech. Tech deals, prizes and latest news. Is three day battery life truly possible?. Battery life Incredible battery that will last a solid two days with above average use A huge 5,100mAh cell inside and great battery saver mode Did well in our video test, but does particularly well during general use Camera Holds its own against competition at this price point Includes a 13MP rear sensor and 5MP front-facing selfie cam Camera samples. The standout feature the Lenovo P2 is its battery life – we were bowled over by how long this phone can last on a single charge.. That's largely down to its 5,100mAh battery, which is far higher capacity than most phones at any price.. But to be clear, we didn’t find the Lenovo P2 stood up to the company’s claim of three day life. Instead it lasted around two and a bit days with medium to heavy usage.. But that's still a big jump up from most other devices out there. Most smartphones in 2017 will only last you one day, and some won't even be capable of doing that with heavy usage.. For example, the Moto G4 Plus only usually lasted us a day between charges in our review, and sometimes struggled to even make it through the whole day if we’d been pushing it hard.. Average use of the Lenovo P2 meant we could take it off charge at 9am on one day and it would be only down to 58% by the time we went to bed that evening. We didn’t put it on charge then, and by the end of the next day of normal usage we found the P2 had 24% left over.. That means it wouldn't last another full day, but it would be able to last at least another half day of average use.. When we ran the video battery test - where we play a 90 minute clip at full brightness with connectivity on - the Lenovo P2 also did well and only dropped 8% of its charge.. The Moto G4 Plus dropped 17% while the Samsung Galaxy S7 Edge - a phone with great battery life - fell down 14% during the test.. Don't believe how good the battery life on the Lenovo P2 is? Take a look at the video below where we pit the P2 against the Samsung Galaxy S7 Edge .. If you're frustrated with the battery life on your current phone you won't have that problem with the Lenovo P2.. There is also a fast charging mode on the Lenovo P2, which allows you to pump more battery into the phone quickly, but you’ll need to make sure you’re using the charger included in the box.. It won’t work as fast as other fast charging options, such as the one on the Samsung Galaxy S7 , as there's such a large battery packed into the phone, so even with fast charging we found it still took about two hours to charge the phone up to full.. Another downside to the Lenovo P2 is it's recharged with a micro USB cable rather than a USB-C connection.. That's a bit of a shame as you won’t get a reversible cable, but it does mean the phone will still work with all your other cables if you’ve previously owned a micro USB-toting device.. If you're concerned about your phone dying, the Lenovo P2 also comes with an Ultimate Power Saver mode. There's a switch on the side of the phone that you can flick up to activate the mode and it will extend your battery life by turning off some of the phone's features.. You can still make calls, access your contacts and send SMS messages while it's in this mode, as well as being able to access the calendar, calculator, radio and clock apps, but in order to save on battery you won't be able to access your other apps while this is on.. With this mode enabled the Lenovo P2 should last over 100 hours just from a single charge, which could come in useful if you're going away and will be without power.. The Lenovo P2 isn’t the best camera phone on the market, but it holds its own against similarly priced competitors. You won’t get a good enough picture to go toe-to-toe with the Google Pixel XL or iPhone 7 Plus , but you’ll get a picture similar to the Moto G4 Plus or a phone from Wileyfox.. The P2 features a 13MP rear sensor, which is a bit lower than some of the competition but it still does well. Especially with well lit landscape shots, the Lenovo P2 can capture a really good image.. When pixel peeping, we found the P2 struggled a little on close up shots and night time shooting. That said, it doesn’t do too badly and the auto mode is quite reactive and will usually provide you with the best image possible.. The lens has an f/2.0 aperture, which is quite small and means less light hits the lens than on many cameras, which will be a big part of why low-light shooting isn't handled brilliantly by the P2.. One example of what the Lenovo P2 rear camera can do. As for video recording, we found the camera's footage was solid but not fantastic. It can record in either 1080p or 2160p at 30 frames per second.. The selfie camera on the Lenovo P2 will take a good shot for social media but won’t provide you with the best photography you’ve ever seen from a front-facing shooter.. It has a 5MP lens, which is standard for this level of phone, and it can shoot video in 1080p. There are no real extra features such as a beauty mode here though, it’s basically just a choice between photography or video on the front.. Despite being a dull day, this photo turned out well, with everything clear.. Click here to see the full resolution image. Here's some evidence of how the Lenovo P2 struggles with light, but it isn't bad for a budget phone.. Click here to see the full resolution image. Here we used the a tap on the screen to focus on the nearest orange object.. Click here to see the full resolution image. When you get the Lenovo P2 to focus, it comes out with some nice close up shots.. Click here to see the full resolution image. Another night shot here and it has struggled to make an exciting image from this.. Click here to see the full resolution image. Another close up shot shows how good the camera focus can be when you get good lighting.. Prev Page What’s it like to use?. Next Page Verdict and competition. You can unsubscribe at any time and we'll never share your details without your permission.. Get the best tech deals, reviews, product advice, competitions, unmissable tech news and more!. 1 Samsung Galaxy S9 release date, price, news and features. 2 Samsung Galaxy S9 launch: as it happened. 3 Samsung Galaxy S9 live stream: how to watch today's big launch event. 4 MWC 2018: All the latest news from the show. 5 How to watch Arsenal v Man City live stream online for the Carabao Cup final NOW. 1 Samsung Galaxy S9 release date, price, news and features. 2 Samsung Galaxy S9 launch: as it happened. 3 BlackBerry: 'we understand we are not for everyone' but 'we're here to stay'. 4 Best movies on Netflix UK (February 2018): 150 films to choose from. TechRadar is part of Future plc, an international media group and leading digital publisher. England and Wales company registration number 2008885.. 
Lenovo P2 Review: Screen and media. Lenovo P2 Review: Features and OS. Lenovo P2 Review: Performance and battery life. Screen size 5.5-inches Screen resolution 1920x1080 Weight / OS Android 6.0.1 Rear Camera 13-megapixel Front camera 5-megapixel Processor Snapdragon 625 Memory 4GB Storage 32GB 4G LTE Yes Bonus features Fingerprint sensor. Ridiculous battery life Crisp, colourful screen Strong customisation Rugged design. Lenovo P2 Review: Lenovo’s great-value P2 smartphone, which boasts an absolutely massive 5000mAh battery, just hit the UK with a sexy low asking price of £199. But can this well-specced mobile beat off rivals such as the Moto G4 Plus for a piece of your stack? Here’s our full Lenovo P2 UK review.. As if we haven’t already made it massively obvious by now, you no longer have to splash out hundreds of pounds on a new mobile to get something that’s fully functional and fun to use. In recent times the likes of the Moto G4 and Moto G4 Plus , Wileyfox’s Swift 2 Plus and Swift 2 X and the Blu Vivo 6 have proved that £200 or less can bag you some seriously great smartphone features, plus some solid camera tech.. The Lenovo P2 is the latest great-value smartphone to hit the UK, with a £199 asking price. This handset’s main USP is its mighty 5100mAh battery, which promises up to three full days of use between charges. But thankfully the P2 isn’t a one-trick pony, also packing a premium design, smart 13-megapixel camera and Full HD screen.. Here’s our full Lenovo P2 review, taking a closer look at this budget phone’s best and worst qualities.. Read next: Best value phones under £200. Like the Wileyfox Swift 2 series, the Lenovo P2 sports a solid metal frame despite its budget cost. That aluminium surfacing is resistant to scratches it looks nice and neat too, with some chamfered edging and a two-tone finish on the rear.. The P2 is another 5.5-inch phone like the OnePlus 3T and pretty much the same size, so one-handed use can be rather tricky. However, Lenovo has included a one-handed mode which scales down your desktops and apps, crushing them towards the bottom of the screen when desired. It’s a tricky feature to enable (you have to draw a c-shape with your thumb, which is kind of hit and miss), but works quite well in a pinch.. Beneath the screen is a physical home button, which doubles as a fingerprint sensor. This is impressively fast at unlocking your phone, not to mention just as accurate as the scanners found on full-priced mobiles. Even better, the sensor comes with gesture support built in. I did have one problem with the P2’s hardware, and that’s to do with the mic. This was fine for standard calls when I had the phone pressed up to my face, but others struggled to hear me when I was Skyping them and the phone was at a distance. In these case you may have to use a headset for best results.. That 5.5-inch screen is a solid budget panel, offering crisp Full HD visuals just like the Moto G4 phones. You can switch on Lenovo’s Vibrant display mode if you like punchy colours, while the screen is also eye-searing on top brightness. If you love to kick back with some Netflix on the go, the P2 will more than satisfy.. Alternatively, if you don’t like streaming your media, the P2 can take a microSD memory card. In that way, you can easily expand the 32GB of storage and fill up the phone with dozens of high-def movies, plus a good-sized music collection.. The P2’s speaker grilles can be found on the bottom edge of the phone, making them very easy to muffle with your palms when watching video or playing games. They’re not too tinny, but they’re certainly not good for blasting music either.. Android 6.0.1 comes pre-installed on the Lenovo P2 and as usual offers full customisation and plenty of great features. Hopefully you should get an update to Nougat in the near future, as it offers more efficient running, improved navigation and proper multi-tasking with apps.. In the meantime you get plenty of bonus features packed into the P2, courtesy of Lenovo. For instance, there’s gesture support built into the display, for turning on the screen with a double-tap and so on. Even the fingerprint sensor recognises pre-set gestures. Leaving your thumb on the surface for a second brings up your open apps, for instance. I didn’t use these gestures much at all, but others might.. You also get dual login support for the likes of WhatsApp, if you’re leading a bit of a double life (or simply have separate work and personal accounts). And you get even more customisation options than with vanilla Android, allowing you to configure the toolbar layout and so on.. A Snapdragon 625 processor is packed inside the Lenovo P2, backed by a generous 4GB of RAM. The result is a pretty smooth everyday experience, although you’ll spot the occasional bit of lag when zipping between different apps. Still, we happily played even quite demanding action games, with a solid framerate throughout.. But the real star of the Lenovo P2’s overall offering is of course that 5100mAh battery. Lenovo’s boast that you can get three full days of life from the P2 on a single charge isn’t fiction. We really did get close to 72 full hours of use each time, plus the phone can be recharged in roughly an hour and a half with the bundled charger.. As if the phone needed it, you also get a battery saver mode that temporarily cuts some of the P2’s features to extend the battery life. You can quickly activate this using the nifty slider button on the edge of the handset.. On the back of the Lenovo P2 you’ll find a 13-megapixel camera with a two-tone LED flash, and it’s a perfectly decent budget snapper. Lenovo’s ‘Smart’ auto mode does a respectable job of figuring out the best settings for each shot on the fly, while the Phase Detection Autofocus locks onto your subject in double-quick time.. Need to take a spontaneous shot? You can double-tap one of the volume buttons to take an instant snap when the phone is hibernating, which captures an image in just over a second.. As well as the ability to shoot up to 4K UHD resolution video, you also get a handful of bonus camera modes. Slow-motion and fast-motion footage can be shot, for instance, while the Pro mode offers up full manual controls for tweaking the white balance, ISO levels and so on.. Our snaps generally came out well, providing the light was decent. You get impressive detail packed into your shots, even those taken up close, along with realistic colour reproduction. However, tricky contrast often results in murky and oversaturated areas, while low light snaps come out grainy. And if your subject is a hyperactive child or an active pet, then good luck getting a photo that isn’t super blurred.. Around the front of the Lenovo P2 you get a 5-megapixel camera that’s perfectly fine for the odd selfie. You get the obligatory beauty mode too of course, for smoothing out those wrinkles.. The Lenovo P2’s awesomeness thankfully extends well past the ridiculously good battery life. For just £200 (or £23 per month on contract), you get a well-specced handset that’s great for enjoying media on the move, as well as reassuringly rugged. As a result, it’s a definite rival to other value phones like the Moto G4.. Nokia 6 vs Lenovo P2 vs Moto G5 Plus: A brutal mid-range mobile battle. Nokia 6 vs Lenovo P2 vs Moto G5 Plus: A brutal mid-range mobile battle. Sign up to our newsletter and be the first to hear about exclusive competitions , the best deals and the latest news. Mobile Phones · Features Best budget camera phones: The greatest mobile snappers for £299 and under. Broadband & TV · Features How do I stream Sky Go to a TV, to watch Sky shows or movies on a big screen?. Mobile Phones · Features Neko Atsume rare cats guide: How to get Cream-san, Bengal Jack and more. Mobile Phones · Features What is iOS and what does iOS stand for?. Broadband & TV · Features How can I watch Amazon Prime Video on my TV?. Sign up to our newsletter and be the first to hear about exclusive competitions , the best deals and the latest news. 
Half phone, half power bank, the Lenovo P2 has the best battery life around. The Lenovo P2 boasts a three-day battery life and build quality well beyond its budget price, and you can even use it as a power bank to charge your other devices. Read more in our Lenovo P2 review. Say goodbye to battery woes thanks to the P2's mammoth three-day runtime. 5.5in 1920x1080 Super AMOLED touchscreen, 403ppi. 2.0GHz Qualcomm Snapdragon 625 octa-core processor. Price comparison from over 24,000 stores worldwide View more prices. Lenovo P2 review: UK Price and availability. Lenovo P2 review: Design and build. Lenovo P2 review: Features, specs and hardware. Lenovo P2 review: Software and apps. If there’s been one universal feature of the smartphone era, it’s been battery gripes. Charging your device on a daily basis has become the norm, and almost all of us have a portable battery pack sitting around for when we can’t get to a charger in time. That’s where the Lenovo P2 comes in, offering solid specs and performance, an attractive price point, and what Lenovo claims is a whopping three-day battery life - find out how it performs in. But can the P2 live up to Lenovo’s claims, or does it simply run out of juice? We’ve spent a week putting the phone through its paces, and we think it might be one of the best mid-range Android phones around.. The Lenovo P2 is currently available exclusively through Three in the UK , and you can buy it on Pay As You Go for just £199.99, which is great value given the phone’s specs and build quality, which we’ll go into later. You can also grab it on a 24-month contract, starting at £18 per month with no upfront cost.. That puts the P2 in the same sort of price band as the Honor 6X , currently available for £225 , and the Moto G4 , which you can grab for £159 , and we compare the phones' respective performance in a little more detail below.. Also see: Best phone deals. It’s worth bearing in mind that the P2 comes with varying specs and colours depending on the region - but right now, the UK release is limited to the grey model with 32GB of storage and 4GB of RAM.. For a £200 phone, the Lenovo P2 looks and feels a lot better than you might expect. It boasts a metal body that leaves it feeling much more expensive than it really is, and the Lenovo branding is kept to a fairly subdued logo on the bottom of the phone’s rear side. The UK is getting a graphite grey model with a black front, though other regions are also getting it in champagne gold. The width of 8.5mm is impressively slight given the supercharged battery they’ve had to squeeze in, while the weight of 177g is fairly typical for a phone with a metal body.. The 5.5in screen feels generous without making the phone uncomfortably large, and there are fairly slim bezels at the side of the screen. Otherwise the front of the phone boasts a speaker and camera at the top, and a fingerprint sensor button at the bottom, while the rear has the main camera and flash, and that’s about it. Elsewhere there are the usual power and volume buttons, microphone and speakers, 3.5mm headphone port, dual SIM and microSD slot, and an extra button to switch on a power saving mode - more on that later.. The overall impression is a phone that hides its price point well, and in terms of build it would be hard to argue that you aren’t getting your money’s worth, so we’re pretty impressed.. The Lenovo P2’s headline feature is no doubt the massive 5100mAh battery, which is among the biggest we’ve seen in a smartphone yet. Lenovo boasts that the P2 can manage a full three days of usage from a single charge, but we were sceptical - until we actually gave it a go. After 72 hours of standard usage (including checking emails, listening to music, Bluetooth, GPS-intensive apps like Google Maps, and even a one-and-a-half hour video Skype call) the P2 was still ticking along with. a few percent left in the tank. Even after just a week of using the phone, it was a huge relief to find ourselves no longer worrying about battery life or planning around the next charge - in that sense the P2 felt totally reliable.. It’s equipped with fast charging via Micro-USB with a compatible charger, and you’ll want it - all that extra battery capacity means extra charging time. Still, you can top it up with about 10 percent in 15 minutes, which should be enough to keep it running for eight or nine hours. If you want to keep it running for even longer, a flick of a small switch on the left side of the case will activate ‘Ultimate Power Saver’, which essentially dumbs your phone down - you’re left with the ability to send and receive calls and texts, and use simple apps like the clock (for your all-important alarms), calculator and calendar, but that’s it. It also tells you how long your battery will last while you stay in this mode - with 80 percent of battery left, it predicted another 81 hours of charge. It’s worth noting that when we tested the phone’s battery and kept it running for three days that was without using the power saver mode - so in theory you could keep it going for even longer.. Lenovo is actually so confident in the P2’s battery that the phone can even double up as a power bank for your other devices. It comes with an included USB-to-Micro-USB adapter so that you can connect your phone directly into another phone, tablet, smart watch or other gadget and share some of its battery power. In our testing it didn’t seem to charge other devices especially quickly, but it could be a great save if you find yourself in a pinch, and could save you from lugging a power bank around with you.. Getting beyond the battery, the rest of the P2’s innards are pretty typical for the mid-range market. It’s probably no surprise that it uses a relatively power-friendly 2.0GHz Snapdragon 625 processor - it’s not going to come top in any performance charts, but it’s plenty for most purposes, and together with the 4GB of RAM it means day-to-day usage feels fast and responsive. You also get Bluetooth 4.1, NFC, 4G, and 802.11 b/g/n Wi-Fi - pretty much what you'd expect from a smartphone these days. As for storage, you get 32GB, but that’s expandable with a microSD card - though that will take one of the two SIM card slots, so if you want to use it as a dual-SIM phone, you’ll have to make do with the internal storage.. offers similar performance to the Honor 6X. and the Moto G4 , two of the other phones we recommend around this price, and does comparatively well on the graphics tests in particular.. With roughly equivalent performance and pricing, the P2's exceptional battery life makes a pretty compelling argument for picking it up.. The two cameras are also pretty typical for a mid-range Android device, with 13MP for the rear camera and 5MP for the front. Photos are crisp and bright, and look great on the bright AMOLED display, but don’t expect anything exceptional - not that you should, given the price. There is also a ‘quick snap’ feature that lets you take a photo when the phone is asleep by double tapping either volume button - great for photographing something in a rush, though don’t expect pixel perfect photos from it.. The P2 comes with Android 6.0 (aka Marshmallow) pre-installed, but we don’t know if or when it might get an update to the more recent Nougat version. It runs a version of the OS that’s pretty close to stock, but with a few minor tweaks - mostly to allow you some extra customisation. There are some new power management tools to help keep the battery going for even longer, some minor changes to the app drawer and a few extra settings dotted around here and there. You can also map the Android navigation buttons to the fingerprint sensor (touch for back, press down the button for home, and long press to open your recent tasks), saving you some precious screen real estate.. It’s mostly pretty minimal, so there’s not too much running on top of the base Android OS, which helps keep things fast and battery-friendly. It does come pre-installed with a fair few apps you might not be interested in, like Three inTouch and Lenovo's SHAREit and SYNCit, along with the likes of Deezer and Amazon, but these are all easy to uninstall, so there's no need to keep them on the device if you don't want to.. 5.5in 1920x1080 Super AMOLED touchscreen, 403ppi. 2.0GHz Qualcomm Snapdragon 625 octa-core processor. 32GB internal storage, up to 128GB microSD. 13MP main camera, with PDAF and single LED flash, support for 4K video at 30fps. 5.5in 1920x1080 Super AMOLED touchscreen, 403ppi. 2.0GHz Qualcomm Snapdragon 625 octa-core processor. 32GB internal storage, up to 128GB microSD. 13MP main camera, with PDAF and single LED flash, support for 4K video at 30fps. The Lenovo P2 is really being sold on the strength of its battery, and the great news is that it lives up to the company’s hype, offering you days of usage and a power bank in a pinch. Throw in the premium design and build quality, and you have a phone that delivers tremendous value for money. It may not boast flagship performance, but by the time you hit your third day without charging, you’re not likely to care that much.. Price comparison from over 24,000 stores worldwide View more prices. I saw this on Tech Advisor and thought you should see it too.. The art of 'British' pulp fiction. TV & streaming : comment regarder le Tournoi des Six Nations 2018 ?. UK Tech Weekly Podcast: Soundcloud / iTunes. 
This website uses cookies to ensure you get the best experience on our website.. Be part of the largest Android community. Already registered? Log in here. Hands-on Lenovo P2 review: the battery beast. This past week, Lenovo introduced some of its new smartphones at IFA 2016 , the Berlin tech conference. After a positive surprise with the Moto Z Play, this weekend it was the Lenovo P2’s turn to leave a great impression on me. The reason for this is simple: an excellent battery paired with an elegant design.. We don’t have details on the Lenovo P2 release date just and are awaiting pricing details as well. In Europe, the P2 is expected to cost between 249 and 299 euros (in a direct conversion, that would be between $278 and $333), and will be available in November.. The biometric sensor also serves as the navigation and multitasking button. The device is elegant and mustn't be more than 8.5 mm thick (as yet unconfirmed). On the back we have a 13 MP camera on the top center. The Lenovo P2 is very beautiful, with an aluminum frame on the front and back. It also has a 5.5-inch screen. On the front is a biometric sensor that also functions as navigation buttons, depending on the pressure you apply to it, as well as multitasking.. At the bottom is a USB 2.0 port in the center. It also has a speaker on one side and probably the other microphone.. On the back is the main camera with a 13 MP Sony sensor, an LED flash and, like Sony, there is an NFC symbol signaling where the chip is located. And I'm happy to report that the aluminum back panel has no problems with fingerprints.. Regarding the design, the Lenovo P2 is a major player in the smartphone market with a large battery and great looks.. The Lenovo P2 screen has a display of 5.5 inches. 5.5-inch screen and Full HD resolution. The technology used in the display is the same as the Moto Z Play (AMOLED) which further optimizes the use of the hardware’s power. This is due to the fact that with AMOLED technology, the LEDs go out with a black background and therefore does not emit light and saves energy.. The Lenovo P2 runs on Android 6.0.1 Marshmallow / © AndroidPIT. Lenovo has updated its device software to Android 6.0.1 Marshmallow, while the first smartphone to leave the factory with Android 7.0 Nougat will be the LG V20. However, unlike Motorola, Lenovo strongly modifies the version of Android that comes from Google and offers a number of unique features and a single interface. Thus, the software update time will not be the same as it will take longer to adapt.. In addition, the company has a number of its own applications which weighs on the system. However, I still need more time with the device to say something in this regard, and some services may be removed and others just disabled.. In relation to the technical specifications, the Lenovo P2 has a collection of good news. The Lenovo P2 comes with a Snapdragon 625 processor, clocked up to 2 GHz. That's almost the same specification of the new Moto Z Play. The device also comes with 4 GB of RAM and two options for internal storage: 32 or 64 GB. In other words, this smartphone has the specs of a champion. In addition, the main camera comes with a 13 MP sensor and the front with a 5 MP.. During my tests, I noticed some lagging, but the device I used was an IFA demo unit. To talk more about the performance of Lenovo P2, I still need much more time with the device.. The key on the right side activates the advanced mode for energy saving. With Ultimate Power Saver enabled you can use: phone, SMS, alarm, calculator, calendar and contacts. What really draws attention in Lenovo P2 is the 5,100 mAh battery. When it comes to battery life, the manufacturer has some interesting names, especially after acquiring Motorola. The Moto Maxx was elected the smartphone with the best battery life in the market earlier this year, and Moto X Play users do not have to complain in this regard.. However, none of these models has the elegance of the Lenovo P2, or the mode of advanced energy saving in this unit. Lenovo brings a key on the left side that lets you enable the advanced mode of battery saving, called Ultimate Power Saver. In my brief testing, this feature just reminded me how low power consumption is of Samsung and HTC, since a limited number of device functions allow more time for smartphone use.. That is in addition to a battery capacity that’s above average. The Lenovo P2 also has an advanced way of energy saving energy compared to other models of Lenovo and Motorola, and even comes with fast charging technology.. According to Lenovo, the P2 has a three-day battery life, and with only 15 minutes of charging, you get 10 hours of use.. Unlike what was reported at the time of its launch, the new smartphone from the Chinese manufacturer does not have USB Type-C, but USB On-the-Go, in other words, it is a supplement to USB 2.0.. Lenovo has been showing itself as a company concerned with creating a better experience for Android smartphone users. This should be a result of the acquisition of Motorola, a company that has always been ahead in the evolution of the mobile device market.. The Lenovo P2 seems to me a good example of a company that listened to users because, despite this being a smartphone with a very specific niche (the user who wants to spend time with a mobile phone in use), the company has not forgotten the rest. The P2 comes with one of the best in class processors, two RAM variants and a minimum of 32 GB storage. Also, it does not just come with a super battery, but features to save even more energy.. If you were looking for a smartphone that can stay with you longer without having to be plugged in, but were always in doubt when looking at the list of specs, the Lenovo P2 could be a good option now. At least this was my first impression.. So, do you think this device would be a good option for you? Let us know in the comments.. So far the best phone I've ever had. after 2 months I say it again: Amazing. I'd love to know whether this is Fitbit compatible. Please give information to buy it & of price? Is it releasing in india? When?. MWC 2018 live updates: Sony shakes up the Xperia XZ2 design. * Please enter a valid email address. Almost done! Check your email to confirm your subscription.. Magazine – Current Android news. Deals – Save money on the best Android gear, accessories and software. Reviews – Android hardware reviews, tips and news. Community – Join in with the world's largest Android community. This website uses cookies to ensure you get the best experience on our website.. 
Lenovo P2 - user opinions and reviews. Pages: 1 2 3 … 216 217 ». ToonToon, 39 minutes ago Company like Luminous, Exide should make smartphone with massive 10200mAh battery and Android One. Company like Luminous, Exide should make smartphone with massive 10200mAh battery and Android One.. GaganAhuja, 24 Feb 2018 I am scared thinking how heavy it will be!!! Apparently it's 300 grams which is about double of our P2.... Anonymous, 24 Feb 2018 @azhar75 There you go with the world's biggest battery life (16000mAh) phone:. more Glad to see more new players in smartphone market... especially "Energizer" brand which is world wide well known for its energy supply "history" ... but anything using "current" MTK SoC is not under my radar... awaiting for review of MTK 10nm SoC for mid-ranger before switching from current P2.... Anonymous, 24 Feb 2018 @azhar75 There you go with the world's biggest battery life (16000mAh) phone:. more I am scared thinking how heavy it will be!!!. @azhar75 There you go with the world's biggest battery life (16000mAh) phone:. To be unveiled at the MWC.... So sad to see many friends having trouble to get the screen repaired. Just an advice to those owners who is having an intention to keep P2 as long term usage, ensure to apply proper shock - proof protection on the screen as well as the body of P2. It is not worth the investment to get the screen replaced when the cost is around 70% of a brand new P2..... My P2's screen has been shattered completely however it was working well and later little water splashed on it, since then it's not powering on. When try to power it on the device vibrates on certain interval and if I plug charger, the red notification come and goes like vehicle indicator... Any DIY solution or reliable Service centre in Bangalore ?. Note: Put in the rice bag has already been tried, any other solutions please.. Unique94, 20 Feb 2018 Lenovo could release seceurity patch update quaterly Yeah right try to drive around with a insecure car and than tell the officer some Google stories it might work. azhar75, 19 Feb 2018 P2's OTAs chronicles:. more Lenovo could release seceurity patch update quaterly. Unique94, 18 Feb 2018 Your prediction over p2's next update P2's OTAs chronicles:. S048_161111_ROW = 1st OTA released on 9th December 2016. S062_170117_ROW = 2nd OTA released on 24th January 2017. S232_170320_ROW = 3rd OTA released on 28th March 2017 (Major Nougat Upgrade). But was withdrawn on 1st April 2017. S233_170404_ROW = 4th OTA released on 11th April 2017 (Supersede previous 3rd OTA). S244_170725_ROW = 5th OTA released on 10th August 2017 (125MB incremental update). S251_171107_ROW = 6th OTA released on 15th Nov 2017 (95MB incremental update). S266_180303_ROW = 7th and "final" OTA to be released on 15th March 2018 (Android Security Patch & bug fixes update).. Just pay attention to what Motorola Mobility is going to offer instead... more Your prediction over p2's next update. RakanWD, 16 Feb 2018 When is that going to happen, any date?. I hate that Lenovo focusing on K series more than P... more K-series is the last product from LeMoto... Anonymous, 16 Feb 2018 @azhar75 Can we expect something at the MWC?? Nope... Just pay attention to what Motorola Mobility is going to offer instead... Moto G6 series is the closest to P3 with lower energy capacity and non-super AMOLED screen... Also, take a peek on Asus offering too... As of now, Xiaomi Redmi Note 5 Pro is the best choice to replace P2 (if one is desperately needs to have better camera and SoC performance...). As for me, my P2 will rock on for the next 730 days.... One of the biggest disadvantage of Lenovo P2 is, You can't buy a new phone without having a massive 5100 mAh battery. Current generation smartphone has average 3500mah battery which can't give you more than 7 hours usage time. Lenovo P2 is really an exceptional. Lenovo now focussing only on moto brand. (Upcoming lenovo moto G6+ SD630, 3250mah). azhar75, 14 Feb 2018 Google keyword "TEENA Lenovo P3"... if there's no result meaning P-series is dead...! When is that going to happen, any date?. I hate that Lenovo focusing on K series more than P series. Yes, K series sales are crazy, but haven't they sold enough to continue for the P series. Come on Lenovo, make this happen, just do it. azhar75, 14 Feb 2018 Google keyword "TEENA Lenovo P3"... if there's no result meaning P-series is dead...! @azhar75 Can we expect something at the MWC??. Sc, 29 Jan 2018 LenovoÂs proves once again they canÂt be trusted to keep you secure. more This is not forsee dude, different case with xiaomi, huawei, zte etc, where collecting data on perpose. I use lenovo for 3years with no hardware problem. lavesh05, 13 Feb 2018 vibration intensity of my Lenovo p2 is very low. i cant feel it if it is my pocket. more I hate when phone vibrates. I always turned it off and saves battery also.. KartKN, 13 Feb 2018 Is there any news about P3..? Google keyword "TEENA Lenovo P3"... if there's no result meaning P-series is dead...!. Pages: 1 2 3 … 216 217 ». Total of 4325 user reviews and opinions for Lenovo P2 .. Samsung Apple Nokia Sony LG HTC Motorola Huawei Microsoft Lenovo Xiaomi Google Acer Asus Oppo OnePlus Meizu BlackBerry Alcatel ZTE Toshiba Vodafone Energizer XOLO Lava Micromax BLU Gionee vivo LeEco Panasonic HP YU verykool Maxwest Plum. Xiaomi Redmi Note 4 Lenovo K8 Note Xiaomi Mi A1 Xiaomi Mi Max 2 Lenovo K6 Note Motorola Moto G5S Plus. Lenovo A6000 Lenovo A1000 Lenovo K8 Note Lenovo Vibe K4 Note Lenovo A7000 Lenovo K6 Note. 
Find a Local Authorized Service Provider. Find a Local Authorized Service Provider. Lenovo is aware of the vulnerabilities in certain processors exploited by side channel analysis attacks (also known as “Meltdown” and “Spectre”). We have been working with processor and operating system partners to incorporate fixes as we receive them. Please visit Lenovo’s Security Advisory page for the latest information. This site will be updated frequently as new information becomes available.. 
Sections Apps AR & VR Cameras Cars Drones Fitness Trackers Gadgets Games Headphones Laptops Parenting Phones Smart Home Smartwatches Speakers Tablets TV News Apps AR & VR Cameras Cars Drones Fitness Trackers Gadgets Games Headphones Laptops Parenting Phones Smart Home Smartwatches Speakers Tablets TV All News Reviews Apps AR & VR Cameras Cars Drones Fitness Trackers Gadgets Games Headphones Laptops Parenting Phones Smart Home Smartwatches Speakers Tablets TV All Reviews Buyer's guides Apps AR & VR Cameras Cars Drones Fitness Trackers Gadgets Games Headphones Laptops Parenting Phones Smart Home Smartwatches Speakers Tablets TV All Buyer's guides. Lenovo P2 review: All the battery you could ever need. Home > Phones >. Phone reviews > Lenovo phone reviews. 4.5 stars - Pocket-lint recommended. If your primary objective when looking for a phone is getting a device that lasts on a full charge, look no further. Nothing in the mainstream market comes close to the 2-3 day battery in the Lenovo P2. Slim design considering the battery capacity. Metal and plastic mis-match of colour. Best smartphones 2017: The best phones available to buy today. Best Android phones 2017: These are the Androids you're looking for. 153 x 76 x 8.3mm; 177g. Pocket-lint Pocket-lint Lenovo P2 review: Display. Pocket-lint Lenovo P2 review: Battery life. Hunting down the perfect phone will, for many, mean finding one with the greatest. equal combination of screen, camera, software and design. If budget is available, that likely means ponying up for an iPhone , Google Pixel. or Samsung Galaxy S8 ; or, on a lower budget, a OnePlus 3T .. But what about battery? It's one feature that's all too often overlooked prior to buying. Nothing to worry about if you're looking for an affordable battery boss like the Lenovo P2; a handset that holds 50 per cent more capacity than many flagship devices and which, if managed properly, might even last you for three days per charge.. Perhaps more surprising is that the P2 costs just £199, squeezing it in alongside the likes of Lenovo's Moto G-series range. However, does its generally modest specification hold it back compared to its pricier A-list competitors?. Perhaps the most impressive thing about the Lenovo P2 design is how "not-huge" its size is, considering that battery. You might think it would be larger than the iPhone 7 Plus , but the Lenovo is lighter, shorter and narrower than Apple's 5.5-inch flagship.. As a direct comparison to a more similar device, the P2 is less than 1mm thicker than a OnePlus 3T, just over 1mm wider and a fraction of a millimetre taller. Yet the Lenovo contains a battery with an additional 1,700mAh of juice, which equates to a 50 per cent greater capacity than that OnePlus.. Like most smartphones these days, the main material used in the P2's chassis is metal. This aluminium rear also features plastic panels on the top and bottom, however, which don't match the anodised grey finish of the metal particularly well - just as we said of the Moto G5 Plus. The metal does have some quality detail to its finish though: polished, with chamfers on both the front and back around the frame, plus the centre-placed camera, make it standout.. To help the phone feel comfortable in the hand, the P2 curves towards the edges on all four sides. It's also rounded at the corners and edges. The end result is a phone which, while seeming a little thicker than most, still feels like it belongs in your hand. It's not a monstrosity in the slightest.. On the front, Lenovo's design language is beginning to mirror the Moto brand too: it includes a chrome-trim home button which also acts as a fingerprint sensor.. It's on the edges you'll discover the P2's dedication to keeping battery life lasting. While it has the same power button and volume rocker makeup as most phones, the left side has a dedicated slider button. This button, when pushed up, launches the phone's software-based ultra battery saving mode that can add days to estimated lifespan.. It's fairly commonplace to see a 5.5-inch Full HD screen on a mid-range smartphone these days, which is exactly what appears on the front of the Lenovo P2. Thanks to the Super AMOLED panel used, it's a big, bold and very colourful experience. So whether enjoying your daily Netflix and YouTube catch-ups, slicing fruit to pieces in Fruit Ninja, racing cars in Need for Speed or just trying to catch that rare Pokemon, it's a capable panel for multimedia.. However, sometimes those incredibly vivid colours appear oversaturated. If the colour is too much for your preferences, there is a natural mode that's selectable from the display settings. In our experience, however, this makes colours far too dull and lifeless, and makes whites far warmer, giving an overall yellow hue that isn't pleasant (we found the whites were always a little too warm for our tastes).. None of these quibbles are surprising, however, given the price point of the phone. The P2 doesn't look as impressive as a flagship screen, simply because it's an affordable smartphone and corners had to be cut somewhere to get it in the £200 price. Thing is, you're unlikely to spot any downsides unless comparing it side-by-side to a flagship. So, overall, we still think it's a great panel for the money.. Some parts of the Lenovo P2 software experience look and feel like stock Android Marshmallow, the straight-from-Google operating system. Not everything, though, as there's also added-extras from Lenovo. Thankfully, this means a successful marriage of bespoke features to pre-existing Android. Perhaps the only sad part is that the P2 currently doesn't run Android 7.0 Nougat, which has been out since November 2016.. Part of what's great about Lenovo's software is that it lets you pick and choose which areas you want to customise. By pressing-and-holding the wallpaper on the home screen you can choose a wide-ranging theme-picker. Here you can change the layout and appearance of the lock screen, home screen, multitasking screen and even the phone dialler.. There are other added elements of software that don't just change the way the phone looks, they change the way you use the phone. Digging into the settings you can choose to hide the navigation buttons, and reveal them again by swiping them up. Or you can choose to have the touch-sensitive home button react to gestures - primarily to act as the back or multitasking buttons.. You can even add a feature called Wide Touch which essentially adds a new all-action software button to the edge of your screen. Tapping launches a new popup menu on screen, giving quick access to camera, calculator, settings and recently used apps. You can also add other functions if you want, including search, home, alarm, menu and power off functions, among others.. There's also a Lenovo companion app which gives you easy access to software updates, web support, community forums and problem solutions, as well as diagnostic tests to make sure all your main hardware components are working correctly. Diagnostics also lets you see a quick snapshot of your current system usage, so you can see how hard your CPU, RAM and ROM are being worked.. In the past, anything but the best from Qualcomm's Snapdragon range usually meant slow, stuttery performance. In more recent times, that's not the case - and the mid-level Snapdragon 625 processor has shown itself to be fast, smooth and reliable in most devices we've tested. The same is true in the Lenovo P2.. Switching between apps and opening various parts of the user interface is generally smooth, although not as fast and instant as you'd find in much more expensive flagship devices. The same is true of loading games: some particularly high-end titles with a lot of high resolution, fast-moving content resulted in the tiniest amount of stutter from time to time, but nothing too pervasive.. There's no doubting the P2's ability to last. Even with really heavy use, we weren't able to completely drain the 5,100mAh battery in one day. Taking the phone off charge in the morning, we were comfortably able to get to the end of a second day with moderate usage. In fact, three days of use is possible, but only if you subject it to lighter-than-typical use.. We left the P2 in standby to see how long it took to drain to zero. After eight days in this mode it had only drained 47 per cent of the battery, with most of that consumption coming from Wi-Fi usage. And that's without switching on the aforementioned ultra power saving mode using the dedicated side switch.. As you'd expect from a battery of this size, there is fast charging support, although not as fast as we'd hope. Being a big battery means that it won't fill up as quickly as smaller-capacity competitors, meaning it takes over two hours to fill from 0-100 per cent.. As with the display, the camera is another area where Lenovo has made cutbacks to get it on budget. Saying that, it's not a terrible camera, it's just not the very best going.. The 13-megapixel sensor can take decent enough shots when there's ample light. Anything shot in daylight will normally come out in focus, with natural looking colours, and be perfectly good enough to share with your friends on social networks. Critical photographers likely won't be that impressed, though.. Like you find with many other budget-friendly phone cameras, the P2's sensor doesn't balance out light levels particularly well or offer a quality HDR (high dynamic range) effect like you would find on cameras built into phones like the Google Pixel or Samsung Galaxy S8.. The P2 does have a smart detection tool, however, which automatically figures out what kind of scene you're shooting and adapts settings to help make the image look better. In our experience, this was a little hit and miss. Pointing it down at a keyboard on our office desk triggered the "Gourmet Food" smart setting (disclaimer: our keyboard wasn't covered in Hollandaise sauce).. There's a manual mode which you can select to adjust ISO sensitivity, focus, white balance and shutter speed. However, even with the manual focus set to macro, the end results of close-up shots are generally a little soft.. To put it succinctly: the Lenovo P2's camera is good enough for the price point, without being mind-blowing. It's the same with video capture and the front-facing camera quality: nothing incredible, but good enough for a budget phone.. Pocket-lint Moto G5 Plus Pocket-lint Vodafone Smart Platinum 7 Pocket-lint Huawei Mate 9. If your primary objective when looking for a phone is a handset that lasts seemingly forever on one charge, then look no further: the Lenovo P2 is the big battery boss.. Sure, it's not a flagship in every department, but its affordable £199 price point makes that clear. And just because it doesn't have the latest chipset on board doesn't mean it's not capable: the P2 is plenty capable of gaming and all the usual daily tasks and apps, all wrapped into a decent design.. The only shortcomings are relatively minor quibbles: the screen can appear oversaturated, load times can be a little long, the camera is ok rather than great, while the clash of metal and plastic in the design doesn't look perfectly matched.. Where the P2 wins is with battery life. Nothing else in the mainstream market comes close to the two-plus days that this Lenovo offers. Not ony is it fantasic in that regard, it's also remarkably good value.. If you can live without the behemoth battery, the Moto G5 Plus still undoubtedly one of the best budget smartphones available today. has a smaller display, but still has better quality full HD panel, runs Android Nougat, uses the same processor and has a versatile home button/fingerprint sensor. Its design is also a little more refined. The fact it's also made by Lenovo shows clearly that the company has its eye on the low end of the market.. Moto G5 Plus preview: A big dose of premium, without the prohibitive price tag. At £299, it's a little more expensive than the Platinum 7, but is much closer to competing with genuine flagship phones than the Lenovo P2. At least, in terms of screen and build quality. It's big, has a better camera but doesn't quite come close to matching the P2's battery performance.. Vodafone Smart Platinum 7 Review: Power and elegance without the price tag. If you want a flagship phone with a huge battery, the Mate 9 is the way to go, although it is more than double the price of the P2. It's a 4,000mAh battery which can last up to two days with light use, it has a large, bright, sharp display and is really fast. Easily one of the most powerful phones available, somewhat hampered by Huawei's unusual software choices at times.. Huawei Mate 9 review: The big-screen boss?. Mobile World Congress 2018: All the latest from Samsung, Sony, Nokia, Huawei, Moto and more at MWC 2018. Sony MWC 2018 press conference: How to watch it live. Nokia 8 Sirocco initial review: The high-end Nokia looking to steal Samsung's crown. Samsung Galaxy S9 and S9+: Everything you need to know. Best Samsung Galaxy S9 and S9+ deals: 12 months free Netflix and 7 days early. Sony Xperia XZ2 initial review: HDR-shooting, vibration-producing, serious Sony flagship. Sony Xperia XZ2 Compact initial review: Potent little package. Nokia 7 Plus initial review: Shooting for mid-range glory. Samsung Galaxy S9+ initial review: A whole new camera experience. Samsung Galaxy S9 initial review: A refined evolution. 2003 - 2018 © Pocket-lint Limited PO Box 4770, Ascot, SL5 5DP. England and Wales company registration number 5237480.. 
Community Category Board Knowledge base Users. Auto-suggest helps you quickly narrow down your search results by suggesting possible matches as you type.. Community Category Board Knowledge base Users. Auto-suggest helps you quickly narrow down your search results by suggesting possible matches as you type.. Float this Topic for Current User. Float this Topic for Current User. Message 11 of 37. The display (sAMOLED) is fine and only the touch digitiser has been shattered.. Why should we pay more than half of the device price for changing it??. I understand if the sAMOLED is broken then we should pay something half of the device price, but just for touch digitiser also quoting. the same price is completely a foolishness business and a day robbery from the valuable customers!. I swear this is my last Lenovo product and will never suggest Lenovo product to anybody!. Message 12 of 37. How much did the service centre quote for changing the digitiser only?. Do not take my figure as an absolute as they are the only ones who can give an accurate price.. Message 13 of 37. I have the same problem, Just small hit completly dead the lcd touch, touch is not working a small line in the right corner, the not give me the warranty, because of the small line in the lcd, no other damages its just like a fresh device,. I move to leagly about the problem, i am going to register a compalint in the consumer court,... Message 14 of 37. When visited the Lenovo ASC today, I got to know that they won't change the Touch Digitiser alone and the Super AMOLED screen also needs to be changed. So I was quoted INR.6800/- to get it repaired. That too I have to pay the entire amount now and the spare will arrive after a month or so, once the stock is arrived I can go and get it changed. Regarding the warranty for the screen replaced is strictly 3 Months, THE GIVEN DEVICE WARRANTY (12 Months for device) WILL NOT BE CONSIDERED for the replaced screen despite you. The funny part is new P2 device is sold in India for INR.13500/-, after card offers it's around INR.12000/-.. I just given up the plan of changing the screen as the repair cost is more than 70% of the device cost. My device is working fine, even the light sensor works fine and the front camera has small light reflection issue due to the crack lines on the glass.. THANK YOU Lenovo FOR OFFERING ME A MIND-BLOWING. EXPERIENCE AND CUSTOMER SUPPORT! I have decided this is my one & only Lenovo phone and made sure not to suggest to anybody!. Message 15 of 37. My device is not any cracks in the display, or body, internal touch is broken without any external damages, and i want to pay 7200 INR to replace the part. i use the phone only 11 days. how much prise is to change the part in local store?. Message 16 of 37. If that's not a physical damage, ask for replacement under warranty!. Message 17 of 37. Local at you I found one site who sell only digitizer touchscreen, but I don't trust in they because only you know if they are safe seller.. Add .html at the end of link.. I know from other users that can be fake, but for this small value you can try to change only touchscreen local there at you and tell us if above digitizer is true or fake.. Will be helpfull for users from all over the world.. Message 18 of 37. I already checked this site and found the so much of negative reviews.. there are few possitive reviews but that's believed to be paid written.. However I have found a local repair shop who quoted RS.3000/- for touch & display inclusive of service charge.. So I'm still in confusion whether to live with this broken glass(because when they remove the broken glass it might break the original SAMOLED display as weel) or go with that local repair.. in case the display gets broken while removing the broken glass, I will not have any other options rather than installing the local display which would go faulty at any point of time... Message 19 of 37. You found local service who give you original display & touchscreen Lenovo + replacement work in total value 3000 RS ? This mean ~ 45 EURO ?. I do not think so....because only. display & touchscreen Lenovo like spare parts is 5578 RS there at you.. Very probably this service change only touchscreen, but is a risk for damage display when separates touch by display...is true.. Keep us informed about your solution.. Message 20 of 37. Of course we can't expect original replacement at INR.3000/-! That's why I said it might go faulty at any point of time.... I'll give a try and see what the fate of this phone is.... Please review our Guidelines before posting.. Share your ideas for future Think. Change the Future of Idea & Yoga. ThinkPad: 11e (Windows), 13, E and Edge series Laptops. ThinkPad: L, R and SL series Laptops. ThinkPad: X Series Tablet and Helix Laptops. ThinkPad: S Series, ThinkPad Yoga and Twist Laptops. ThinkPad; T61 and prior T series plus Other Legacy ThinkPads. ThinkPad Chromebooks: 11e, X and Yoga. ThinkPad: T400 / T500 and newer T series Laptops. ThinkPad: P and W Series Mobile Workstations. Lenovo B and G Series Notebooks. Lenovo U and S Series Notebooks. Lenovo P, Y and Z series Notebooks. Lenovo IdeaPad 100, 305 & 500, Edge, LaVie Z, Flex Notebooks. Lenovo C, E, K, M, N and V Series Notebooks. S and Vibe X Series Smartphones. A Series, Vibe B & Vibe C Smartphones. K and Vibe Z Series Smartphones. P1, P1m, P70 & P90 Series Smartphones. Y Gaming Accessories & Curved Gaming Monitors. Lenovo Android based Tablets and Phablets. ThinkCentre A, E, M, S Series. Lenovo Beacon, Stick 300, D, J and S Series Desktops. Lenovo All In One (AIO) Desktops. System x - X6, M5, M4. Windows 8.1, 8, 7, Vista and XP Discussions. Re: Bluetooth automatically turns on when we turn off the GPS. Lenovo P2 P2 Nougat lenovo update P2a42 Camera problem Battery bug VoLTE Android audio bugs lockscreen 4G CPU Data display Jio Lenovo p2a42 lenovoP2 notification OTA screen security speaker amoled Android O bluetooth. Lenovo is committed to environmental leadership from operations to product design and recycling solutions.. 
Press alt + / to open this menu. See more of Lenovo P2 on Facebook. See more of Lenovo P2 on Facebook. English (UK) · 中文(简体) · Bahasa Indonesia · Español · Português (Brasil). Privacy · Terms · Advertising · AdChoices · Cookies ·. · 15 December 2017 ·. Lenovo K8 Plus from ₹8999 | Upto Rs.2000 Off. Lenovo K8 Plus: Buy Lenovo K8 Plus (Venom Black, 32 GB) Online at Best Price with Great Offers | Flipkart.com. Lenovo K8 Plus (Venom Black, 32 GB) Online with exciting offers and best price.Features and specifications include 3 GB RAM, 32 GB ROM, 4000 mAh Battery, 13 MP Back Camera and 8 MP Front Camera at Flipkart.com. · 23 September 2017 ·. Lenovo Core i5 7th Gen - (8 GB/1 TB HDD/DOS/2 GB Graphics) IP 320E Laptop now available for ₹35,990. Bank Offer: Extra 10% off with SBI Debit and Credit Cards. · 20 September 2017 ·. Flat ₹2000 off on Lenovo K6 Power (3 GB RAM | 32 GB ROM) Buy Now - http://bit.ly/2hjvIqB Extra 10% off with SBI Debit and Credit Cards. # TheBigBillionDays # Flipkart. Lenovo K6 Power : Buy Lenovo K6 Power (Gold, 32 GB) Online at Best Price with Great Offers | Flipkart.com. Lenovo K6 Power (Gold, 32 GB) Online with exciting offers and best price.Features and specifications include 3 GB RAM, 32 GB GB ROM, 4000 mAh Battery, 13 MP Back Camera and 8 MP Front Camera at Flipkart.com. · 12 September 2017 ·. The # Powerhouse Lenovo P2 is designed for perfection. Built ergonomically with its rounded corners and full metal design. Now choose between the 2 finishes - champagne gold or graphite gray. Exclusively available on Flipkart, starting at Rs.13,499*. — Products shown: Lenovo P2 .. Lenovo P2 shared a Page .. · 12 September 2017 ·. · 2 September 2017 ·. Presenting Lenovo MP1060, the 10,000 mAh Power Bank that helps your devices stay powered whenever, wherever. It’s portable, light and loaded with a secure lithium polymer battery. Buy now, on Flipkart for Rs.999 - http://bit.ly/2v9dAsr # Lenovo. · 30 August 2017 ·. Presenting Lenovo MP1060, the 10,000 mAh Power Bank that helps your devices stay powered whenever, wherever. It’s portable, light and loaded with a secure lithium polymer battery. Buy now, on Flipkart for Rs.999 - http://bit.ly/2v9dAsr # Lenovo. · 29 August 2017 ·. Play games, watch movies, and multitask without missing a beat. The Lenovo P2's powerful 2.0GHz Qualcomm Snapdragon 625 true octa-processor can handle everything you throw at it! The # Powerhouse is exclusively available on Flipkart, starting at Rs.13,499*. Buy Now - http://bit.ly/2v9Gngu # LenovoP2. · 27 August 2017 ·. Designed with rounded corners, an ergonomic curved back, and a full-metal unibody, the Lenovo P2 always stands out! Choose from finishes in Champagne Gold or Graphite Gray, exclusively available on Flipkart, starting at Rs.13,499*. Buy the # Powerhouse now - http://bit.ly/2v9Gngu # LenovoP2. · 25 August 2017 ·. The Lenovo P2 allows you to power down instantly to save battery life! All it takes is a simple touch to slide the exterior One-key power saver button. The # Powerhouse is exclusively available on Flipkart, starting at Rs.13,499*. Buy Now - http://bit.ly/2v9Gngu # LenovoP2. · 22 August 2017 ·. The 13.97 cm Full HD Super AMOLED Display with a Corning Gorilla Glass will never let you get your eyes off it. The # Powerhouse is exclusively available on @Flipkart, starting at Rs.13,499*. Buy Now - http://bit.ly/2v9Gngu # LenovoP2. · 20 August 2017 ·. Presenting Lenovo MP1060, the 10,000 mAh Power Bank that helps your devices stay powered whenever, wherever. It’s portable, light and loaded with a secure lithium polymer battery. Buy now, on Flipkart for Rs.999 - http://bit.ly/2v9dAsr # Lenovo. · 20 August 2017 ·. With the 5100 mAh battery perfectly packed in the full metal unibody design, The Lenovo P2 is easy to pick up but hard to put down. Buy now - http://bit.ly/2v9Gngu # LenovoP2. · 19 August 2017 ·. With the Lenovo P2, automatically unlock your phone using only your fingerprint, a password that’s as unique as you are. The fast and responsive fingerprint scanner adds the perfect mix of convenience and security for your stylish phone. Know more: http://bit.ly/2v9Gngu # LenovoP2. · 17 August 2017 ·. The # Powerhouse Lenovo P2 comes with a one-key power saver which makes it super easy to lower battery usage. Now, use the 5100 mAh battery to its full potential and never worry about running out of power. Buy now, exclusively on Flipkart - http://bit.ly/2v9Gngu # LenovoP2. · 14 August 2017 ·. Presenting Lenovo MP1060, the 10,000 mAh Power Bank that helps your devices stay powered whenever, wherever. It’s portable, light and loaded with a secure lithium polymer battery. Buy now, on Flipkart for Rs.999 - http://bit.ly/2v9dAsr # Lenovo. Lenovo MP1060 10000 mAh Power Bank Price in India - Buy Lenovo MP1060 10000 mAh Power Bank online at Flipkart.com. Buy Lenovo MP1060 10000 mAh Power Bank for Rs.999 online. Lenovo MP1060 10000 mAh Power Bank at best prices with FREE shipping & cash on delivery. 
more ... more .... more ... more .... MEMORY: 32 GB + MicroSD. Release date: Nov 1, 2016. View all photos (39). Click to read the full review. Based on 1 User reviews. Lots of RAM (4 GB RAM). A successor to the Lenovo Vibe P1, the Lenovo P2's star attraction is once again it's gargantuan battery. The 5000 mAh juice pack of its predecessor has been bumped slightly 5100 mAh, while the newer Snapdragon 625 SoC displaces the Snapdragon 615. The P2 includes a 5.5-inch, 1080 x 1920 display, 3 GB of RAM and 32 GB expandable real estate.. Lenovo P2 Review Lenovo P2 benchmarks. Dimensions: 6.02 x 2.99 x 0.33 inches (153 x 76 x 8.3 mm). Weight: 6.24 oz (177 g) the average is 5.6 oz (159 g). Display Physical size: 5.5 inches. Resolution: 1080 x 1920 pixels. Features: Ambient light sensor, Proximity sensor. Pixel density - The pixel density of a display represents the number of pixels over an area of one inch. It’s measured in “pixels per inch”, or ppi. The higher the number, the more detailed and good-looking the display is.. Technology - There are two main screen technologies currently used in phones and tablets: LCD and AMOLED. The former usually features a light source and liquid crystals, while the latter is based on organic light-emitting diodes. Newer LCD variations like IPS-LCD and Super-LCD allow for very accurate color reproduction and very wide viewing angles, where no significant image quality loss is observed. Current AMOLED screens differ in such a way that they can exhibit much more saturated colors (sometimes too much) and incredibly high contrast levels, which is due to black color being completely black in AMOLED displays.. Screen-to-body ratio - Shows what part of the frontal area of a phone its screen occupies.. Software Features: Manual focus, Touch to focus, Face detection, Self-timer, Digital zoom, Geo tagging. Settings: Exposure compensation, ISO control, White balance presets, Shutter speed control. Shooting Modes: Burst mode, High Dynamic Range mode (HDR), Panorama. Aperture size - The aperture of a camera is the opening through which light travels before it reaches the camera sensor. The smaller the number is, the bigger this opening is, allowing for more light to pass.. Octa-core, 2000 MHz, ARM Cortex-A53, 64-bit. System chip - Most modern handsets use an advanced chip that includes many of the device’s hardware modules like the processor, Wi-Fi, Bluetooth and sometimes even the wireless radio. This field shows what particular system chip (or System-on-a-Chip) is used in the phone.. Processor - The processor is the main computing component of a phone and is a major factor when it comes to the overall speed of the device. Some more powerful smartphones use dual-core and quad-core processors designed to deliver greater performance.. Graphics processor - The graphics processor is important for the smooth operation of the system and especially in games and other applications that may involve complex graphics and animations.. System memory - System memory, or RAM memory is the type of memory that the device uses to temporarily store data from the OS or currently-running apps. The more RAM available to the device, the better the performance will be when multiple or heavier programs are running.. Built-in storage - Bigger storage capacity allows you to keep more content saved onto your device, such as more applications, photos or video. Games and video content typically take up the biggest amount of storage space.. Storage expansion - Some handsets allow you to expand their storage capacity by using a memory expansion card – most often microSD. Expansion memory is mostly suitable for media storage, such as photo, video or music content.. Stand-by time (4G): 32.0 days (768 hours) the average is 23 days (549 h). Capacity - The bigger, the better! However, battery capacity is not the only factor that has an effect on battery life. Those include the chipset in use, the software running on the device, as well as the consumer's unique usage pattern.. Multimedia Screen mirroring: Wireless screen share. Filter by: Album, Artist, Genre, Playlists. Features: Album art cover, Background playback. Cellular GSM: 850, 900, 1800, 1900 MHz. UMTS: 850, 900, 1900, 2100 MHz. LTE (FDD): Bands 1, 3, 4, 5, 7, 8, 20, 28. Data: LTE-A Cat 6 (300/50 Mbit/s), HSDPA+ (4G) 42.2 Mbit/s, HSUPA 5.76 Mbit/s. Other features: Voice dialing, Voice commands, Voice recording. Features: Mass storage device, USB charging. Other: NFC, Tethering, Computer sync, OTA sync. Positioning - This field shows the positioning systems supported by the device. The most common types are GPS and A-GPS.. GPS - This is one of the most widespread global positioning technologies, developed and maintained by the U.S. It uses satellites in order to detect your location. A-GPS - A-GPS stands for Assisted GPS and is the industry standard for positioning and navigation. “Assisted” means that it can use local wireless networks, in addition to satellites, for quicker and more precise localization.. Availability Officially announced: 03 Sep 2016. To see the full specifications with in-depth details click here.. Despite our efforts to provide full and correct Lenovo P2 specifications, there is always a possibility of making a mistake. If you see any wrong or incomplete data, please LET US KNOW .. If you are interested in using our specs commercially, check out our Phone specs database licensing page.. Gear S4 may come with a blood pressure monitor, Samsung patent reveals. Google Pay launches today, but its most important feature is not here yet. Galaxy S9 and S9+ previewed in glorious detail with full specs and release date. Galaxy S9 and S9+ price and release date on Verizon, AT&T, T-Mobile and Best Buy. The Samsung Galaxy S9 and S9+ have game-changing cameras with variable aperture and 960fps slow-mo video recording. The Big Barcelona Camera Comparison: iPhone X vs Pixel 2 XL vs Note 8. Samsung Galaxy S9 and S9+ rumor review: Specs, design, features, price and release date. Sony presents Xperia XZ2 and XZ2 Compact: new design and Snapdragon 845. Galaxy S9 Exynos edition gets benchmarked against rivals!. Galaxy S9 first camera comparison vs iPhone X, V30, S8. Samsung Galaxy S9 & S9+ hands-on. MWC 2018: top smartphones to expect. Best smartphone you can buy in 2018. Allo is a quality app, but Google isn't giving it a real chance. All content (phone reviews, news, specs, info), design and layouts are Copyright 2001-2018 phoneArena.com. Reproduction in whole or in part or in any form or medium without written permission is prohibited! Privacy. 
