Whether indoors or outside in bright sunlight, see on-screen content clearly with vivid genuine colors with the higher resolution HD Display. One tap to awesome photos! Other features include: Gesture Shot, Burst Shot, Timer, Live Shot and Video Screen Shot.. If you enjoy the finer things in life but love a great deal too, youâve finally met your match. The LG K20â¢ plus is a smart, striking device that packs premium features and performs at the top. Stunning clarity and unforgettable memories can be yours. All you need to do is reach out and take it.. 
To properly experience our LG.com website,. you will need to use an alternate browser or upgrade to a newer version of internet Explorer (IE9 or greater).. Right click at the top of your browser and make sure the “Menu Bar” option is selected. Select “Tools” from the menu bar and then select “Compatibility View settings”. In the pop-up menu uncheck all three boxes and click “Close”. Your browser window will automatically refresh and you’ll be ready to go. The LG.com website utilizes responsive design to provide convenient experience that conforms to your devices screen size. In order to get the best possible experience our LG.COM website please follow below instructions.. If you’re using Internet Explorer 8 or earlier, you will need to use an alternate browser such as Firefox or Chrome or upgrade to a newer version of internet Explorer (IE9 or greater) .. If you’re using Internet Explorer 9 and higher, turn off your Internet Explorer browser’s “Compatibility View settings” by following steps below:. LG SIGNATURE Products Support. Products OLED TVs Refrigerators Washers Dryers Air Purifiers Ranges Dishwashers. Mobile TV/Audio/Video Appliances Computers. Cell Phones Discover the LG V30 Discover the LG G6 All Phones AT&T Phones Sprint Phones T-Mobile Phones Verizon Phones US Cellular Phones Unlocked Phones. Bluetooth Headsets & Headphones All Bluetooth Headsets & Headphones Shop Headsets & Headphones Accessories Discover LG TONE Headsets & Headphones. Mobile Accessories All Mobile Accessories Wireless Keyboards Cell Phone Batteries Cell Phone Cradles & Chargers Cell Phones Covers & Cases. The Big Screen that Fits in Your Hand. TVs All TVs OLED TVs SUPER UHD TVs 4K Ultra HD TVs LED TVs. Home Audio All Home Audio Sound Bars Shelf Stereo & Loud Speaker Systems Bluetooth & Wireless Speakers Dolby Atmos Home Theater Smart Speakers Speakers with Meridian Audio. Home Video Blu-ray & DVD Players Projectors. TV Audio Video Accessories Remotes TV Wall Mounts 3D Glasses. Refrigerators Discover LG InstaView™ Door-in-Door® All Refrigerators Door-in-Door® LG InstaView™ Door-in-Door® French Door Side-by-Side Bottom Freezer Top Freezer Counter-Depth Kimchi/Specialty Foods. Cooking Appliances All Cooking Appliances Discover NeoChef™ Microwaves Ranges & Ovens Wall Ovens Cooktops Microwave Ovens Hoods. Dishwashers Discover QuadWash™ Top Control Dishwashers Front Control Dishwashers. Kitchen Accessories Refrigerator Filters All Kitchen Accessories Replacement Oven Knobs. Washers All Washers Discover LG SideKick™ Front Load Washers TWIN Load Washers LG SideKick™ Pedestal Washers Top Load Washers. Dryers Gas Dryers Electric Dryers. Steam Clothing Care System LG Styler. Air Care Solutions Air Purifiers Dehumidifiers. Vacuum Cleaners Robot Vacuum Cleaners Stick Vacuums. Knock Twice and See What's Inside. For Small Loads That Are a Big Deal. Consumer Monitors All Monitors Gaming Monitors 4K / 5K Monitors 21:9 UltraWide® Monitors UltraFine™ Monitors IPS Monitors LED Monitors. Commercial Monitors Desktop Monitors 21:9 UltraWide Monitors Medical Monitors Zero Client 4K UHD UltraFine™ Monitors. Burners & Drives All Burners & Drives Blu-ray Burners and Drives DVD Burners and Drives. Additional Support MyLG Account Parts & Accessories Document Upload Announcements Works with Voice Assistant. Repair Services Request a Repair Track Repair Locate Repair Provider LG Direct Service LG Authorized Service Center. Contact Us Chat & Email Telephone Twitter Support Ask the Community Facebook Support. Business Support Business Support Home Request RA Request SWAP Track RA or SWAP Status Business Warranty Enhanced Service Plan Five-Star Service. Top Searches LG Bridge LG PC Suite Smart Share Mobile Support TV Support. Discover Our Newest Collection of TV, Appliance and Mobile Accessories. Extend your protection for years to come with the additional peace of mind of LG Premium Care.. Step-by-Step Guide by Device and Cable Connector.. Search Search. Welcome Sign out. 5.3" HD IPS In-Cell Touch Display. 5 MP Front-Facing Camera with Gesture Shot & Selfie Light. Expandable Memory with up to 32 GB microSD™ Card. 5.3" HD IPS IN-CELL TOUCH DISPLAY + 2.5D ARC GLASS. Your new look is crafted to perfection with a sleek, modern pebble design and a glossy display that’s vivid—even in bright sunlight.. 8 MP AUTOFOCUS REAR CAMERA + TOUCH & SHOOT. Life’s an adventure—don’t miss a moment of the action. Focus in and capture it by simply touching the screen.. When one picture won’t cut it: just raise your hand, align it in the box, and make a fist TWICE to capture 4 selfies in sequence.. 1.27 GHz QUAD-CORE PROCESSOR + 2,220 mAh BATTERY. With smooth, steady performance and a battery that lasts as long as you, power through your day without pause.. 1.27 GHz Quad-Core Qualcomm® Snapdragon™ 210. 1.5 GB RAM (1.4 GB usable). 16 GB (up to 9.72 GB usable) - expandable via microSD™ card (sold separately). 5 MP Front-Facing Camera with Gesture Shot & Selfie Light, Gesture Shot. 2.5D Arc Glass (Corning® Gorilla® Glass 3) for an Edge-Free Feel. Ambidextrous, multi-purpose use of Power/Lock and Volume Keys with quick shortcuts. Control notifications and alerts received; choose to receive all, none, or only those. Double tap the screen to put your phone to sleep/wake it without picking it up or. Create a 6-to-8-point tapping pattern for security and direct access to the home screen. Multilanguage Support for Phone and Keyboard Input. Show frequently used features right on the home screen for quick and easy access. Write or draw on nearly any screen and schedule memos to appear at certain times or. Restrict apps in background to save power. Premium protection that offers solutions for finding phone, scanning for malware,. Take selfies with a simple hand gesture. Screen will illuminate a soft light around the photo preview for well-lit selfies. Hold the shutter button to take multiple shots quickly. Gesture Interval Shot* and Interval Shot*. Make a fist twice or hold the shutter button to take four selfies on a timer. Switch Between Rear and Front Cameras with a Finger Swipe. Tap the shutter button, tap the screen, use your voice, or press a volume key to take. Quick access to social platforms after taking pictures and videos. Add filters, frames, and more to pictures. Up to 1080P video playback at 30 FPS. Pause and start in record mode for one continuous video file. Take still shots while recording video. Capture still shots from a video during playback. Choose to take a picture/video 3 or 10 seconds after you press the shutter/record. Include location information with photos and videos. With Touch Lock and Resume Play Function; supports 3GP, 3G2, MP4, MKV, AVI, FLV, TS,. Subtitle Settings and Video Auto Off Function. With Auto Stop Feature: supports AAC, AAC+, eAAC+, MP3, WAV, FLAC, AMR, M4A, MIDI,. WMA, PCM, OPUS, and Ogg formats. Organized by song, album, artist, genre, favorites, playlist, and folder. Transfer media files to a computer via USB*. Use Wi-Fi to improve voice and data coverage. Enables HD Voice** and enhanced communications over the cellular network***. Share a data connection with other compatible wireless devices***. Share contacts, web pages, and more via Near Field Communication (NFC). Headset, hands-free, object push, advanced audio distribution, audio/video remote. control, human interface device, and phone book access. Connect directly to devices via Wi-Fi connection. Share your phone’s Internet connection with your computer. T-Mobile’s 4G LTE network not available everywhere. HD Voice requires compatibility on both caller and receiver devices. 1.27 GHz Quad-Core Qualcomm® Snapdragon™ 210. GSM 850/900/1800/1900 MHz, UMTS Bands 2/4/5, LTE Bands 2/4/12. 5.77" (H) x 2.94" (W) x 0.34" (D). 16M Color TFT, 1280 x 720 pixels, 5.3" HD IPS In-Cell. Actual battery time may vary depending on network connectivity and application use. (LG TONE PRO,™ LG TONE ULTRA,™ LG TONE Active,™ LG TONE INFINIM,™ LG TONE PLATINUM™. Features based on carrier program availability. Rated 1 out of. I bought mine 1year ago any this thing won't seven turn back on.. Rated 1 out of. I bought this phone thinking it would last at least 2 years. It keeps shutting off and not charging.. Rated 4 out of. simple stylish easy to use phone. I love this phone! Great design, easy to carry and use and love the apps and set up. Able to download plenty of compatible apps to make it my own. Only down side is the auto correct function over does it a bit. But for me that's a small thing compared to how much I enjoy the comfort and style of this phone. Rated 5 out of. I got this as an upgrade from the k7 and it was great. I liked the design but one con was how it was easy to fall out of the pocket if you sit down. Other than that, good phone! :D. Rated 1 out of. This is my second phone, after the first one had the aux port and charge port come unsoldered. This is from extremely light use, the battery runs hot and has charging issues.. Rated 2 out of. I bought this phone about 3 months ago and at first it was a great phone. Then I started loading up and it got slower and slower. I've got it about 1/2 full and now I hate it. Even as I'm typing now the cursed cannot keep up. This phone is horrible once you start getting about half the gigs used. I'm afraid to download anything else on it for fear it might freeze all together. My games constantly kick me out or freeze. I'm not happy! Don't recommend this phone.. Rated 2 out of. I can not save my apps to removable memory. I have not downloaded anything out of the ordinary and I no longer have space.. Rated 5 out of. I bought this phone 3 month ago for my daughter and she really like this phone.. LG TONE ULTRA® Premium Bluetooth® Wireless Stereo Headset. LG TONE TRIUMPH™ Bluetooth® Wireless Stereo Headset. LG TONE PRO® Bluetooth® Wireless Stereo Headset. We're here to support you with our product. Get the most out of your ownership. Help yourself to helpful product information. Learn how to install & operate your LG product. More help with your LG product. Contact us for any support inquiries.. Chat with an LG Support Representative. Tweet @LGUSSupport for Support.. No time to chat? Send LG Support your inquiry.. LG Stylo™ 3 Plus | T-Mobile. FIND AN AUTHORIZED STORE NEAR YOU. Whether you're searching for basic cell phones, state-of-the-art smartphones or something in between, it's all at your fingertips. Designed for the way you live, LG cell phones give you access to the latest technology and newest features, plus all the essentials—like talk and text messaging. If you're not sure what kind of phone you need, we can even help you find the right device. Just take a look at the type of phones we offer and find the category that best matches your needs. Basic: Boasting compact, stylish designs our basic phones give you the power to talk and text with ease—and typically come with a camera to help you capture special moments. Some may even come equipped with QWERTY keyboards, music players, and access to apps. Smartphones: Featuring access to ultra-fast processors, the latest apps, high-resolution cameras, HD displays, sophisticated designs and the newest technology, smartphones make it easy to stay organized and entertained on the go. Android: Boasting intuitive Android operating systems, these LG phones give you lightning-fast connections to the information you want. Plus, with available HD displays, high-resolution cameras, innovative security features, organizational tools, and access to thousands of apps, they're perfect for anyone with an on-the-go lifestyle. Touchscreen: Available with a wide range of features, our touchscreen cell phones give you the power to do more with just a tap. And with their available high-resolution cameras, HD displays, stylish designs and innovative technology, our touchscreen mobiles make it easy to find the perfect phone for the way you live. QWERTY Keyboard: Along with many of the same great features available on our smartphones, QWERTY devices also feature slide-out keyboards for those who prefer a more tactile experience. Processors that fit your speed: For the ultimate in speed and seamless multitasking, LG offers dual-core, quad-core , hexa-core and octa-core devices that give you fast access to your favorite apps and programs, and a host of state-of-the-art features. For added style and functionality, you can personalize your LG cell phone with the latest accessories. From cases and covers to headphones and chargers, our innovative collection makes it easy to get more from your go-to mobile device. Browse our newest cell phone accessories and upgrade your phone your way.. Design, features and specifications subject to change without notice. Some features in videos may not be available on all models. Please refer to the TECHNICAL SPECIFICATIONS tab for a complete list of features by model. *Prices, promotions and availability may vary by store and online. Prices subject to change without notice. Check with your local retailers for final price and availability.. LG SIGNATURE LG SIGNATURE Brand Story LG SIGNATURE Products Products OLED TVs Refrigerators Washers Dryers Air Purifiers Ranges Dishwashers Cell Phones All Phones AT&T Phones Sprint Phones T-Mobile Phones Verizon Phones US Cellular Phones Unlocked Phones Boost Mobile Phones Cricket Phones Metro PCS Phones TracFone Phones Virgin Mobile Phones Xfinity Phones Smartphones Android Phones 4G LTE Phones Quad-core Phones Budget Phones Basic Phones Prepaid / No Contract Phones G Series Phones K Series Phones Stylo Series Phones V Series Phones X Series Phones Touch Screen Smart Watches Tablets Enterprise Mobile Solutions Bluetooth Headsets & Headphones All Bluetooth Headsets & Headphones Shop LG Bluetooth Headsets & Headphones Discover LG TONE Headsets & Headphones Mobile Accessories All Mobile Accessories LG Wireless Keyboards Shop LG Wireless Keyboards LG Cell Phone Batteries Shop Cell Phone Batteries LG Cell Phone Cradles & Chargers Shop LG Cell Phone Cradles & Chargers LG Cell Phones Covers & Cases TVs All TVs OLED TVs HDR TVs SUPER UHD TVs 4K Ultra HD TVs LED TVs 3D TVs Smart TVs Curved TVs 22 Inch to 29 Inch Class TVs 32 Inch to 39 Inch Class TVs 40 Inch to 43 Inch Class TVs 47 Inch to 49 Inch Class TVs 50 Inch to 55 Inch Class TVs 60 Inch to 65 Inch Class TVs 70 Inch to 79 Inch Class TVs 84 Inch to 105 Inch Class TVs Home Audio All Home Audio Sound Bars Shelf Stereo & Loud Speaker Systems Bluetooth & Wireless Speakers Dolby Atmos Home Theater Smart Speakers Speakers with Meridian Audio Home Video Blu-ray & DVD Players Projectors Home Security TV Audio Video Accessories Remotes TV Wall Mounts 3D Glasses Discover LG Matte Black Refrigerators All Refrigerators Door-in-Door® French Door Side-by-Side Bottom Freezer Top Freezer Counter-Depth Kimchi/Specialty Foods Cooking Appliances All Cooking Appliances Ranges & Ovens Electric Ranges Gas Ranges Wall Ovens Single Wall Ovens Double Wall Ovens Cooktops Gas Cooktops Radiant (Electric) Cooktops Microwave Ovens Countertop Microwave Over The Range Microwave Hoods Dishwashers Top Control Dishwashers Front Control Dishwashers LG Studio Kitchen Accessories Refrigerator Filters All Kitchen Accessories Replacement Oven Knobs Washers All Washers Front Load Washers TWIN Load Washers LG SideKick™ Pedestal Washers Top Load Washers Washer Dryer Combos Dryers Gas Dryers Electric Dryers Steam Clothing Care System LG Styler Laundry Accessories Laundry Pedestals Dryer Racks Laundry Hoses Dryer Lint Filters Washer Dryer Stacking Kits Air Conditioners Portable Air Conditioners Window Air Conditioners Wall Air Conditioners Casement Air Conditioners Air Care Solutions Air Purifiers Dehumidifiers Vacuum Cleaners Robot Vacuum Cleaners Stick Vacuums LED Lights Home Appliance Accessories Air Conditioner Accessories Consumer Monitors All Monitors Gaming Monitors 4K / 5K Monitors 21:9 UltraWide® Monitors UltraFine™ Monitors IPS Monitors LED Monitors Commercial Monitors Desktop Monitors 21:9 UltraWide Monitors Medical Monitors Zero Client 4K UHD UltraFine™ Monitors Laptops Burners & Drives All Burners & Drives Blu-ray Burners and Drives DVD Burners and Drives Computer Accessories Promotions Discover LG Promotions Rebates SUPPORT Register a Product Software & Drivers Manuals & Documents Help Library Video Tutorials Additional Support MyLG Account Parts & Accessories Document Upload Announcements LG Refrigerator Energy Offer LG Recycling Program Works with Voice Assistant Repair Services Request a Repair Track Repair Locate Repair Provider LG Direct Service LG Authorized Service Center Contact Us Chat & Email Telephone Twitter Support Ask the Community Facebook Support Business Support Business Support Home Request RA Request SWAP Track RA or SWAP Status Business Warranty Enhanced Service Plan Five-Star Service Top Searches LG Bridge LG PC Suite Smart Share Mobile Support TV Support ABOUT LG Press Release Media Contacts Career Opportunities Newsletter Signup PUBLIC NOTICES General Mobile TV/Audio/Video Appliances Computer Products Compliance Information. For Business Site Map Privacy Legal Patent Terms & Conditions Accessibility Help. 
GSM 850 / 900 / 1800 / 1900 - SIM 1 & SIM 2 (dual-SIM model only). HSDPA 850 / 900 / 1900 / 2100 - K420N, K430DSF, K430DS. LTE band 1(2100), 3(1800), 7(2600), 8(900), 20(800) - K420N. LTE band 3(1800), 7(2600), 20(800) - K430DS. LTE 700 / 1800 / 2600 - K430DSF. HSPA 42.2/5.76 Mbps, LTE Cat4 150/50 Mbps. 146 x 74.8 x 8.8 mm (5.75 x 2.94 x 0.35 in). Single SIM (Nano-SIM) or Dual SIM (Nano-SIM, dual stand-by). IPS LCD capacitive touchscreen, 16M colors. 5.3 inches, 77.4 cm 2 (~70.9% screen-to-body ratio). 720 x 1280 pixels, 16:9 ratio (~277 ppi density). Android 5.1.1 (Lollipop) or Android 6.0 (Marshmallow). Qualcomm MSM8916 Snapdragon 410 - K420N Mediatek MT6753 - K430DS, K430DSF, K430DSY. Quad-core 1.2 GHz Cortex-A53 - K420N Octa-core 1.14 GHz Cortex-A53 - K430DS, K430DSF, K430DSY. Adreno 306 - K420N Mali-T720MP3 - K430DS, K430DSF, K430DSY. microSD, up to 32 GB (dedicated slot). 16 GB, 1 GB RAM - K430DSF/ 1.5 GB RAM - K420N, K430DS/ 2 GB RAM - K430DSY. 13 MP, f/2.2, autofocus, LED flash (LTE model) 8 MP, autofocus, LED flash (3G model). Geo-tagging, touch focus, face detection, panorama. 5 MP (f/2.4) or 8 MP, 1080p. Wi-Fi 802.11 a/b/g/n/ac, dual-band, WiFi Direct, hotspot. SMS(threaded view), MMS, Email, Push Mail, IM. Versions: K420N (Europe); K430DS (Russia); K430DSF (LATAM); K430DSY (Taiwan). Also known as LG K10 Dual SIM with dual-SIM card slots. We can not guarantee that the information on this page is 100% correct. LG K10 - user opinions and reviews. You bought the crappiest LG smartphone you could find, what did you expect. how will you select network in this phone for instance,2g,3gand automatic. Samsung Apple Nokia Sony LG HTC Motorola Huawei Microsoft Lenovo Xiaomi Google Acer Asus Oppo OnePlus Meizu BlackBerry Alcatel ZTE Toshiba Vodafone Energizer XOLO Lava Micromax BLU Gionee vivo LeEco Panasonic HP YU verykool Maxwest Plum. LG K10 and LG K7 hands-on. LG K10 (2017) LG Q6 LG K8 LG K8 (2017) LG X power Samsung Galaxy J7 Prime. LG V30 LG G6 LG Q6 LG V20 LG G5 LG K10 (2018). 
How to Block a Number on Any Phone. How to Build Your Smart Home. How to Create an Anonymous Email Account. How to Save Money on Your Cell Phone Plan. How to Set Up Two-Factor Authentication. How to Set Up and Configure Your Wireless Router. Tips Every Amazon Addict Should Know. Hard Drives, Storage, Networking & Backup. Back Antivirus, Safety & Security. Back Browsers & Operating Systems. Best HR Software & Management Systems. Best Self-Service Business Intelligence (BI) Tools. Best Social Media Management & Analytics Tools. Back Cameras & Photo/Video Editing. Best Video Editing Software for Enthusiasts. Best Samsung Galaxy S8 and S8+ Cases. Best Samsung Galaxy Note 8 Cases. Best MacBook Air Cases and Sleeves. Back Smart Home & Wearables. Back Hard Drives, Storage, Networking & Backup. Back Keyboards, Mice, Monitors & Speakers. Back Shows, Events & Holiday. Back TVs & Streaming Media. Best Managed WordPress Web Hosting Services. Best Small Business Web Hosting Services. The LG K10 for MetroPCS is a relatively affordable Android phone with a nice build, but it's held back by underpowered hardware. Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. blog comments powered by Disqus. PCMag reviews products independently , but we may earn affiliate commissions from buying links on this page.. View All 7 Photos in Gallery. Expandable storage, removable battery, and NFC.. The LG K10 for MetroPCS is a relatively affordable Android phone with a nice build, but it's held back by underpowered hardware.. MetroPCS is chock-full of affordable entry-level phones , and the LG K10 fits right in. The $159 K10 straddles the size line between phone and phablet, with a 5.3-inch 720p wrapped up in an attractive build. Looks aside, however, the phone is held back by an underpowered processor and a subpar camera. You're better off with our Editors' Choice, the larger, more powerful ZTE Zmax Pro , or the smaller, ultra-affordable Samsung Galaxy On5. The K10 isn't quite the anonymous black plastic slab you often find in this price range. With a textured gold polycarbonate back cover and a pane of glass on the front that curves to meet the rounded edges, the phone has a premium look and feels satisfyingly sturdy. At 5.8 by 2.9 by 0.3 inches (HWD) and 5.0 ounces, it's possible to just reach across with your thumb, though the bezel and bottom lip make it just a little bit too big to use comfortably with one hand. The Samsung Galaxy On5, at 5.6 by 2.8 by 0.3 inches, is a more comfortable size for smaller hands. The Zmax Pro, at a whopping 6.5 by 3.3 by 0.4 inches and 6.1 ounces, is for big phone lovers only.. View All 7 Photos in Gallery. The rest of the design is classic LG. The only ports you'll are the 3.5mm audio jack and micro USB charging port, both located on the bottom. The power and volume buttons are both beneath the camera lens on the back and have different textures so you can tell them apart. The back cover peels off to give you access to the removable battery, a SIM card slot, and a microSD card slot that worked with a 256GB card, the highest capacity currently on sale.. On the you'll find a 5.3-inch, 1,280-by-720-pixel IPS display. At 277 pixels per inch ( ), it's similar in quality to the smaller 5-inch display on the On5 (288ppi), though not as sharp 6-inch 1080p screen on the Zmax Pro (367ppi). For the most part, colors are rich, viewing angles are good, and text and graphics are free from pixelation. The screen gets reasonably bright when kicked up to maximum, but its reflective finish makes it hard to view under direct sunlight.. MetroPCS is part of T-Mobile, so the K10 operates on T-Mobile's network. That's not as comprehensive as the bands you get on the LG Stylo 2 Plus , but it still gives the phone decent network connectivity, including in our midtown Manhattan test area. Other connectivity protocols include Bluetooth 4.1 and NFC, the latter of which is rare to find in this price range. There's no dual-band Wi-Fi, though—just the more typical 2.4GHz variety.. Transmissions are easily audible, despite a robotic edge, and noise cancellation blots out the majority of background noise. Earpiece volume is loud enough to hear in a busy environment, but the speakerphone sounds tinny.. The K10 fails to impress when you take a peek under the hood. It's powered by a dated Qualcomm Snapdragon 210 processor clocked at 1.3GHz. It's the same chipset that recently turned in lackluster performance benchmarks on the HTC Desire 530 , and the K10 delivers similar results. In the AnTuTu benchmark, which tests overall system performance, the K10 scored 24,034. That's a bit higher than the Desire 530 but lower than the Exynos 3475-powered On5 (25,753). It's also no match for the Snapdragon 617-powered Pro (47,0007).. The low benchmark scores translate into sluggish performance with significant lag when launching apps and attempting to multitask. With only 1.5GB of RAM available, the K10 struggled to render the frames of high-end games like GTA: San Andreas in anything faster than stop motion.. See How We Test Cell Phones. Battery life also isn't a strong point. The phone clocked 4 hours, 16 minutes in our battery rundown test, in which we stream full-screen video over LTE. That's an identical runtime to the Desire 530, but nearly two hours shorter than both the Galaxy On5 (5 hours, 52 minutes) and the Pro (6 hours). Fortunately, the cell is removable so you can always carry around a spare, which is an advantage over the Desire 530.. The K10's camera performance is subpar, even among entry-level phones. Despite having an 8-megapixel rear sensor that matches the Desire 530's camera on paper, performance is much weaker. In anything less than perfect studio lighting conditions, the K10 produces blurry, out-of-focus images, requiring me to focus manually more often than not. Shots taken outdoors in good lighting were noisy, while those taken indoors in dimmer settings were muddy. The phone records 1080p video at 30fps, but the autofocus struggles to focus and even a very gentle attempt to pan results in complete blur. The 5-megapixel front sensor takes acceptable photos and video in good but is otherwise grainy.. The K10 ships running Android 6.0.1 Marshmallow. It received several security updates during the course of my testing, though it's unlikely to get Nougat because it simply doesn't have the hardware needed to run it (and non-flagship phones almost never get updates). LG is running a custom UI layer on top, which removes the app drawer and splashes apps across the home screens. There are some minor alterations to the notification shade and Settings menu as well.. You'll find the standard eight MetroPCS apps preinstalled, along with LG Backup, LG Smartworld, Tasks, and QuickMemo+. Out of the total 16GB of internal storage, roughly half is taken up, leaving you with 8.77GB to use. Fortunately, you can use a microSD card for videos, photos, and other media, but LG has disabled Marshmallow's Adoptable Storage feature, so you can't run any apps on it.. The LG K10 is a relatively affordable MetroPCS phone with a nice design and a decent display, but it comes up short everywhere else. For even less money, the ZTE Zmax Pro gets you a faster processor, more RAM, a sharper display, a better camera, longer battery life, and a fingerprint sensor. It's a better choice in every way, provided you're comfortable with the fact that it's huge. If that's not your cup of tea, the Samsung Galaxy On5 offers a similar level of performance to the K10 in a smaller form and is easier to recommend because of its lower price.. Bottom Line: The LG K10 for MetroPCS is a relatively affordable Android phone with a nice build, but it's held back by underpowered hardware.. Ajay Kumar is PCMag's Analyst obsessed with all things mobile. Ajay reviews phones, tablets, accessories, and just about any other gadget that can be carried around with you. In his spare time he games on the rig he built himself, collects Nintendo amiibos, and tries his hand at publishing a novel. Hands On: Alcatel Series 5, 3, 1 Phones, 1T Tablets, Linkzone Hotspots. Skyroam Tips $99 4G Roaming Subscription Service. PCMag reviews products independently , but we may earn affiliate commissions from buying links on this page.. Get Our Best Stories! Email Sign Up. Subscribe to What's New Now. This newsletter may contain advertising, deals, or affiliate links. Subscribing to a newsletter indicates your consent to our Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. You may unsubscribe from the newsletters at any time.. Tech on a Budget: 35 Gift Ideas Under $20. 28 Hidden iOS 11 Tips You Need to Know. 13 Must-Have Tech Gifts Under $50. 10 Games Every Nintendo Switch Player Needs. TV Shows to Watch if You Love 'Stranger Things'. How to Master iOS 11's New Control Center. How to Play DVDs in Windows 10. How to Stop Blue Light From Disturbing Your Sleep. PC, PC Magazine and PC PCMag.com are among the federally registered trademarks of Ziff Davis, LLC and may not be used by third parties without explicit permission.. We have updated our PRIVACY POLICY and encourage you to read it by clicking here .. 
CNET también está disponible en español.. LG takes new design approach with 5.3-inch K10 smartphone (hands-on). With its softly rounded corners, smoothly curved glass and a pebble-like aesthetic, LG remixes its smartphone design with the K10.. by January 4, 2016 10:56 AM PST. With K10, LG gives its handsets a makeover (pictures). Glossy K10 injects new life to LG smartphone design. 5.3-inch HD display 13-megapixel rear camera; 8- or 5-megapixel front-facing camera (LTE version) 8-megapixel rear camera; 8- or 5-megapixel front-facing camera (3G version) 1.2GHz quad-core processor, 1.3GHz quad-core processor or 1.14GHz octa-core processor (LTE version) 1.3GHz quad-core processor (3G version) 16 or 8GB internal storage; 2, 1.5 or 1GB RAM 2,300mAh battery Google Android 5.1 Lollipop software. To the unfamiliar, a typical LG smartphone these days usually looks like this: it has slightly curved top and bottom edges that have sharp corners, a clear display that stops right at its bezels and an overall rigid, clean-cut aesthetic. And of course, its control buttons are located on the back.. But at CES 2016, LG introduced a new design approach with its latest pair of handsets, the K10 and K7 , which sport a different look compared with that of LG's string of devices debuted in the past year, like the high-end V10 and G4 flagship .. Though both phones still have their power and volume keys on the rear, they take on a more organic look. The corners are softly rounded, and their displays curve downward into their edges, which LG calls "2.5D Arc Glass." The latter effect is nothing new, and we've seen it as early as 2012 with the Google Nexus 4 (which LG manufactured) and more recently with the Onyx version of the OnePlus X last December. But it is one of the first instances that the feature has been so prominent on an LG-branded smartphone.. With K10, LG gives its handsets a makeover (pictures). Compared to the 5-inch K7, the K10 is a slightly more powerful model. It comes in many different variants depending on the market, one of which includes two separate LTE and 3G versions. During my brief time with the device, I liked the smooth, curved edges. Its general shape, however, reminds me of the Samsung Galaxy S3. Nevertheless, I do welcome LG's effort to update its design. LG has noted that these phones are meant to cater to a younger audience, and while I don't know if this pebble-like design will win them over, it's refreshing to see a more natural look from the usual lineup of "handsome" LG handsets. Plus, I'm a big fan of displays that curve at the edges.. The smartphones that matter at CES 2016 (pictures). The K10 comes in white, black and gold. Unfortunately the company has not released any pricing or availability information yet, so check back soon for an update.. In the meantime, read all of our CES 2016 coverage here .. CNET earns fees when you click these offers.. Best Phones for 2018. See All. Samsung’s king of phones is excellent, but you'll pay a pretty penny for stylus privileges.. A radical redesign that's nearly all screen includes a new cutting-edge facial recognition.... LG just gave Samsung a run for the money.. But we're still waiting on the Siri-like AI.. The Pixel 2's superb camera makes it worth a look.. This week on CNET News. Homeland Security's tall order: A hacker-free election. 'Annihilation' director wove memory into a dream-like movie. Dogecoin: The joke cryptocurrency that was too real for its own good. Be respectful, keep it clean and stay on topic. We delete comments that violate our policy , which we encourage you to read. Discussion threads can be closed at any time at our discretion.. CNET may earn fees when you click through to a partner site.. 
1, 2016 ; 2 years ago. Current: Android 7.0 Nougat (K425/MS428). This mobile phone–related article is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it .. Not to be confused with LG K10 (2017) .. (Last letter varies by carrier and international models). Original: Android 6.0 "Marshmallow". Android 5.1.1 "Lollipop" (some variants). K42x/MS428/L61AL/L62VL: Qualcomm Snapdragon 410. K430x: MediaTek MT6753. Mediatek: Octa-core (1.3 - 1.5 GHz octa-core ARM Cortex-A53). Qualcomm Snapdragon: Octa-core (1.2 GHz Cortex-A53). Qualcomm Snapdragon: Adreno 306. GB RAM (K430DSF). GB RAM (K420N, K425, K428SG and MS428). GB RAM (K420DS and K430DSY). The LG K10 (also sold as the LG Premier on Tracfone) is a mid-range Android smartphone developed by LG Electronics and released in 2016. In the United States it is currently available on AT&T Mobility , MetroPCS , T-Mobile and Tracfone. Priced under $200 and running 6.0 "Marshmallow" , [a] it is considered one of the top 10 budget phones of 2016 by Consumer Electronics Show. A successor to the phone of the same name, with a fingerprint sensor and a built-in panic alarm for South Asian regions, was released the following year. Several variants of the phone were released, with different processors, RAM capacity, cameras, dual SIM , NFC and 4G LTE support depending on the country. [3] North American and certain Eurasian variants of the K10 (K420DS, K420N, K425, K428SG, L61AL, L62VL and MS428) run on a Qualcomm Snapdragon 410, while the K430DS, K430DSF, K430DSY and the Brazilian-market K430TV models use a MediaTek MT6753. The K10 has a 5.3-inch (130. mm) IPS LCD touchscreen, and comes in two distinct variations that differ primarily in the internal hardware. The K42x version, sold by T-Mobile, AT&T and MetroPCS in the United States, in Europe as the K420N and in India as the K420DS, has Qualcomm's Snapdragon 410 system-on-chip [4] [5] ; LG has also released the K430x variant of the phone in select markets—while sharing the same form factor as the K42x models, the K430 model uses MediaTek 's MT6753 system-on-chip containing a 1.3 - 1.5 GHz octa-core ARM Cortex-A53, and a Mali-T720 GPU. The K10 has a maximum of 2GB RAM, depending on the model—the K430DSF only comes with 1GB; the K420N and North American K425, K428SG and MS428 variants come with 1.5GB [5] [7] and the K420DS and K430DSY has 2GB of RAM. All variants come with either 8 or 16GB of onboard storage, depending on the variant. In addition to the internal storage, the K10's storage capacity can be expanded using a microSDXC card. Depending on the country, the K10 may come with 4G LTE support—the L62VL variant sold by Tracfone as the LG Premier LTE comes with support for CDMA2000 and 4G LTE, near-field communication , which is unavailable on the K430x models, a 13 megapixel rear-facing camera and a 5 megapixel front-facing camera for video calls; North American models only come with an 8 megapixel camera in lieu of the 13 megapixel sensor. In addition, the Brazilian-market K430TV comes with a built-in ISDB-T receiver.. The K10 runs on either Android 5.1.1 "Lollipop" or Android 6.0.1 "Marshmallow" depending on the model, along with LG's proprietary user interface. Among other things, the phone's operating system supports knock-on gestures allowing the user to unlock the device by tapping on the display in a certain manner, and support for smart covers where part of the screen is visible to display notifications or incoming calls, to which the user can swipe up or down to answer or reject it.. Reception for the K10 has been mixed to positive upon release, with most reviewers noting its performance and build quality but criticizing the price, camera quality and lack of USB OTG support. [8] [9] [10] Ajay Kumar of PC Magazine gave the MetroPCS variant of the K10 a mixed review, praising the device's build and price, but noted the camera quality along with the antiquated processor used which hampered performance in system-intensive games like Grand Theft Auto: San Andreas. [7] In a similarly mixed review, Ashish Mohta of TechPP also praised the K10's performance, yet criticized the camera, its price compared to other mid-range devices, and lack of quick charging support. [11] Florian Wimmer of the German-language edition of Notebook Check stated that the K10 wants to "bring style to the lower middle-class", but was also critical of the phone's camera and display, describing it as "standing in the way". ^ For selected variants, e.g. the Mediatek K430 models; certain Qualcomm models are still limited to Android 5.1 Lollipop as of July 2017.. ^ a b "LG K10". ^ Lancaster, Luke (4 January 2017). "The K10 phone tops LG's new budget range at CES 2017 (hands-on)". Retrieved 19 May 2017. ^ Swider, Matt (8 January 2016). Retrieved 19 May 2017. ^ a b "LG K10 LTE price, specifications, features, comparison". Retrieved 22 May 2017. ^ a b "Tech specs: LG K10". Retrieved 22 May 2017. ^ a b Gubalane, Daniel (12 March 2016). "LG K10 LTE Full Specs, Features and Official Price in the Philippines". Retrieved 22 May 2017. ^ a b Kumar, Ajay (10 January 2017). Retrieved 19 May 2017. ^ Cerejo, Roydon (13 April 2016). Retrieved 19 May 2017. ^ "Review: LG K10 Does a Fine Balancing Act". Retrieved 19 May 2017. ^ Gupta, Heena (24 April 2016). "LG K10 Review: Decent performer marred by bad pricing". Retrieved 19 May 2017. "LG K10 Review: Battling with Unequals". Retrieved 19 May 2017. ^ Wimmer, Florian (11 May 2016). "Test LG K10 Smartphone - Notebookcheck.com Tests". Retrieved 19 May 2017 .. LGE 's Android devices and smart accessories. 1 II ( Tri ). 4 II ( Tri ). I ( 8.3 ( LTE ). Hi-Fi Plus with B&O Play 2. Pocket Photo ( 2 ). 2 Announced & used for LG G5. Categories : Mobile technology stubs Android (operating system) devices LG Electronics mobile phones Touchscreen mobile phones Smartphones Mobile phones introduced in 2016. Hidden categories: Pages containing links to subscription-only content Pages using deprecated image syntax All stub articles. Not logged in Talk Contributions Create account Log in. Main page Contents Featured content Current events Random article Donate to Wikipedia Wikipedia store. Help About Wikipedia Community portal Recent changes Contact page. What links here Related changes Upload file Special pages Permanent link Page information Wikidata item Cite this page. Create a book Download as PDF Printable version. This page was last edited on 9 January 2018, at 12:11. Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License ;. By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc. 
Select the department you want to search in. Sign in Account & Lists Sign in Account & Lists Orders Try Prime Cart. Your Amazon.com Today's Deals Gift Cards Registry Sell Help Disability Customer Support. Cell Phones & Accessories Carrier Phones Unlocked Phones Prime Exclusive Phones Accessories Cases Wearable Technology Best Sellers Deals Trade-In All Electronics. has been added to your Cart. Turn on 1-Click ordering for this browser. Please enter a valid US zip code.. Please enter a valid US zip code.. Shipping to a APO/FPO/DPO? Please add the address to your address book. Make sure you include the unit and box numbers (if assigned).. 1-Year Unlocked Cell Phone Accidental Protection Plan. Coverage for drops, spills and product malfunctions. Free shipping on all repairs with $25 deductible. Cancel anytime, full refund in the first 30 days. SquareTrade Protection Plans are only valid for new products purchased at Amazon within the last 30 days. LG K10 K430DSY 16GB Blue, Dual Sim, 5.3", Unlocked International Model, No Warranty. This item at this price, sold by Amazon.com, is currently reserved exclusively for Prime members. Prime free trial and invitee customers: We will automatically apply an Amazon.com Gift Card to your Gift Card Balance in the amount equal to the Prime exclusive discount after you become a paid Prime member. If you cancel your paid Prime membership or return the qualifying smartphone within the first 3 months of your paid Prime membership, we may void your Gift Card or charge you in the amount of the Gift Card. Terms and Conditions apply.. Only 11 left in stock - order soon.. Sold by BuyeRush and Fulfilled by Amazon .. Fulfillment by Amazon (FBA) is a service we offer sellers that lets them store their products in Amazon's fulfillment centers, and we directly pack, ship, and provide customer service for these products. Something we hope you'll especially enjoy: FBA items qualify for FREE Shipping and Amazon Prime.. If you're a seller, Fulfillment by Amazon can help you increase your sales. learn more about Fulfillment by Amazon. GSM model, Dual standby, CPU: MediaTek MT6753, Display Diagonal: 5.3 ", Display Resolution: 720 x 1280, RAM capacity: 1.5 GiB, ROM capacity: 14.9 GiB, Expansion Slots: microSD, microSDHC, TransFlash.. Unlocked cell phones are compatible with GSM carriers such as AT&T and T-Mobile, but are not compatible with CDMA carriers such as Verizon and Sprint.. Please check if your GSM cellular carrier supports the bands for this model before purchasing, LTE may not be available in the US as this is the international model: GSM850, GSM900, GSM1800, GSM1900, UMTS850 (B5), UMTS900 (B8), UMTS1900 (B2), UMTS2100 (B1), LTE2100 (B1), LTE1800 (B3), LTE2600 (B7), LTE900 (B8), LTE700 (B28). This device may not include a US warranty as some manufacturers do not honor warranties for international items Please contact the seller for specific warranty information.. The box contains: Your new device, USB cable, Charger (may be foreign) If so, a FREE US adapter will be included, Documentation.. One of these items ships sooner than the other. This item: LG K10 K430DSY 16GB Blue, Dual Sim, 5.3", Unlocked International Model, No Warranty $134.99. Only 11 left in stock - order soon.. Sold by BuyeRush and ships from Amazon Fulfillment.. [2-PACK]-Mr Shield For LG K10 [Tempered Glass] Screen Protector [0.3mm Ultra Thin 9H Hardness 2.5D… $6.95. Sold by Mr.Shield and ships from Amazon Fulfillment.. FREE Shipping on orders over $25. LG K10 Case, LG Premier LTE L62VL L61AL Case,ANLI(TM)[Shock Absorption] Drop Protection Hybrid Dual… $7.98. Sold by ANLI(TM) and ships from Amazon Fulfillment.. FREE Shipping on orders over $25. This shopping feature will continue to load items. In order to navigate out of this carousel please use your heading shortcut key to navigate to the next or previous heading.. Customers who bought this item also bought. Page 1 of 1 Start over Page 1 of 1. [2-PACK]-Mr Shield For LG K10 [Tempered Glass] Screen Protector [0.3mm Ultra Thin 9H Hardness 2.5D Round Edge] with Lifetime Replacement Warranty. COVRWARE LG K10 / LG Premier LTE - [Aegis Series] with Built-in [ Screen Protector ] Heavy Duty Full-Body Rugged Holster Armor Case & Belt Swivel Clip [ Kickstand ] - Black (CW-K10-AG01). LG K10 Case, LG Premier LTE L62VL L61AL Case,ANLI(TM)[Shock Absorption] Drop Protection Hybrid Dual Layer Armor Defender Protective Case Cover for LG K10/LG Premier LTE L62VL L61AL Black. Supershieldz for LG K10 Tempered Glass Screen Protector, [Full Screen Coverage] Anti-Scratch, Bubble Free, Lifetime Replacement Warranty. [3-PACK]- Mr Shield For LG K10 [Tempered Glass] Screen Protector [0.3mm Ultra Thin 9H Hardness 2.5D Round Edge] with Lifetime Replacement Warranty. LG K10 Case, LG Premier LTE L62VL L61AL Case,ANLI(TM)[Shock Absorption] Drop Protection Hybrid Dual Layer Armor Defender Protective Case Cover for LG K10/LG Premier LTE L62VL L61AL Deep Blue. This shopping feature will continue to load items. In order to navigate out of this carousel please use your heading shortcut key to navigate to the next or previous heading.. Customers who viewed this item also viewed. Page 1 of 1 Start over Page 1 of 1. LG K10 K430 16GB Black, 5.3", 13MP, Unlocked International Model, No Warranty. LG K10 K425 AT&T Unlocked 5.3'' TFT Display 1.5GB RAM 16GB Internal 8MP Camera Phone - Blue. LG K10 2017 4G LTE Unlocked Dual Sim M250dsF Octa Core 16GB Android 7.0 13MP USA Latin & Caribbean Bands International Version (Titan). LG K10 K425 16GB Unlocked GSM 5.3" Display Quad-Core Smartphone w/ 8MP Camera - Blue/Black. LG K10 No Contract Cell Phone, 1.27 GHz Quad-Core, 5.3 Inches HD Display (T-Mobile). LG K10 K430DSY 16GB Black Blue, Dual Sim, 5.3", Unlocked International Model, No Warranty. 2.94 x 5.75 x 0.35 in. 0.31 x 5.86 x 2.95 in. 0.35 x 5.76 x 2.94 in. 0.35 x 5.45 x 2.79 in. 3 x 5.86 x 0.38 in. 2.84 x 5.7 x 0.34 in. LG K10 K430DSY 16GB Blue, Dual Sim, 5.3", Unlocked International Model, No Warranty. LG X Power (16GB) 5.3" Screen with 4,100 mAh Battery, 4G LTE GSM Factory Unlocked Phone US610 - Grey. LG D850 32GB WHITE G3 D850 32GB Unlocked GSM 4G LTE Quad-HD 13MP Camera Smartphone - Silk White. LG G2 D800 GSM 4G LTE Unlocked Smartphone with 13MP Camera, 32GB, Black. LG G4 H810 Metallic Grey GSM Unlocked Android 4G LTE 32GB Smartphone. Samsung Galaxy Grand Prime Dual Sim Factory Unlocked Phone - Retail Packaging - Gold(International Version). GESTURE INTERVAL SHOT When one picture won’t cut it: just raise your hand, align it in the box, and make a fist TWICE to capture 4 selfies in sequence. FLASH FOR SELFIE Light up your life with a screen that glows around the photo preview for the ultimate selfie expression with 5MP front camera. TAP & SHOT Life’s an adventure—don’t miss a moment of the action. Focus in and capture it by simply touching the screen. Take crystal clear images with 13MP autofocus rear camera. 5.3'' HD IN-CELL TOUCH DISPLAY LG K10 LTE's HD display delivers vibrant colors and clear images even in bright sunlight by reducing internal reflective-light. 1.14GHZ OCTA-CORE PROCESSOR Have all your needs met with the LG K10 LTE's 1.14GHz Octa-Core processor capabilities and experience the power to effortlessly multitask. REMOVABLE 2,300MAH BATTERY Do more for longer by having the option to swap in a full battery for an empty one without stopping to recharge. *****This phone comes with LTE 700/850/900/1800/2100/2600/2300 MHz. 4G LTE does not works in USA. Please ensure with your carrier for compatibility before purchase.. 5.8 x 2.9 x 0.3 inches. 8 ounces ( View shipping rates and policies ). #51,031 in Cell Phones & Accessories ( See Top 100 in Cell Phones & Accessories ). #1,087 in Cell Phones & Accessories > Unlocked Cell Phones. Product Warranty: For warranty information about this product, please click here. If you are a seller for this product, would you like to suggest updates through seller support ?. Would you like to tell us about a lower price ?. 5 star 44% 4 star 21% 3 star 10% 2 star 6% 1 star 19%. Share your thoughts with other customers. There was a problem filtering reviews right now. 4.0 out of 5 stars Parts beware. Well the phone worked fine until I dropped it, about 1 week after I got it. Took it to a repair shop and no matter how many screens they ordered that were supposedly compatible none of them worked. I ended up buying a new phone. So, yes it worked fine for me, I'm not too demanding. But just know that if anything happens to it, repairs are really difficult. It's not a popular model so parts are scarce.. Was this review helpful to you?. 4.0 out of 5 stars I bought this smart phone for use in S/E Asia. I bought this smart phone for use in S/E Asia. I spend 1/2 of each year there while evading the cold months here in Nevada. I haven't inserted a sim card into the phone yet, but I have connected it to my home Wi-Fi. It seems to work pretty well. The only shortcoming, that I have found, is the phone's short stand-by battery life. The battery reaches zero in 4 to 5 days. When I put the phone in full use, I'll have to remember to recharge it daily.. Was this review helpful to you?. 5.0 out of 5 stars Thumbs up.. I purchased this phone for my son and so far he seems to really like it. The accessories were reasonably priced and stylish, so I completely satisfied and so is my son.. 0 Comment | Was this review helpful to you?. 4.0 out of 5 stars Actually a very good cell to have. Actually a very good cell to have, the only problem is that is very difficult to move items from the phone internal memory to the sd card. Other than that is quite handy.. 0 Comment | Was this review helpful to you?. 5.0 out of 5 stars Five Stars. I am very satisfied thus far. Very stylish phone with great features.. Was this review helpful to you?. 1.0 out of 5 stars One Star. 0 Comment | Was this review helpful to you?. 5.0 out of 5 stars Five Stars. The item arrived in perfect shape and fully functional, nice device.. 0 Comment | Was this review helpful to you?. 5.0 out of 5 stars Five Stars. it's a very good product, I like it so much ! Thank you. 0 Comment | Was this review helpful to you?. The phone has dual sim ability and it is easy to use. 5.0 out of 5 stars The Phone is Functional. Bad batery and hot when using it.. 2.0 out of 5 stars Two Stars. Excellent phone & I always go for LG brand. It was a gift & greatly appreciated No problems so far!!!!!. 4.0 out of 5 stars A compact smartphone!!!!!!. 5.0 out of 5 stars Five Stars. The cell phone downloads very fast, the battery does not delay 24 hours, plus I try to connect two chip and when I try to connect LTE I blocked the option, only LTE works with... 1.0 out of 5 stars The cell phone downloads very fast, the battery does .... 5.0 out of 5 stars Five Stars. 5.0 out of 5 stars Five Stars. 5.0 out of 5 stars Five Stars. Perfect for travelling in the Philippines. Dual sim cards give me access to Smart and Globe networks.. 4.0 out of 5 stars Four Stars. Using the home phone line-connected D-Link modem to powerfully receive internet WIFI from LG K10 so that images, information and videos run smoothly on Facebook and You Tube,... 4.0 out of 5 stars Display-Fast Home WIFI-enabled Phone. What other items do customers buy after viewing this item?. LG K10 K430 16GB Black, 5.3", 13MP, Unlocked International Model, No Warranty. LG K10 Case, LG Premier LTE L62VL L61AL Case,ANLI(TM)[Shock Absorption] Drop Protection Hybrid Dual Layer Armor. LG K10 K425 AT&T Unlocked 5.3'' TFT Display 1.5GB RAM 16GB Internal 8MP Camera Phone - Blue. LG K10 2017 4G LTE Unlocked Dual Sim M250dsF Octa Core 16GB Android 7.0 13MP USA Latin & Caribbean Bands. See and discover other items: k 10 , dual sim card phones , dual sim phones , dual sims , 4g lte dual sim , t mobile phone. There's a problem loading this menu right now.. Get fast, free shipping with Amazon Prime. Prime members enjoy FREE Two-Day Shipping and exclusive access to music, movies, TV shows, original audio series, and Kindle books.. Careers About Amazon Investor Relations Amazon Devices. Sell on Amazon Sell Your Services on Amazon Sell on Amazon Business Sell Your Apps on Amazon Become an Affiliate Advertise Your Products Self-Publish with Us › See all. Amazon Rewards Visa Signature Cards Amazon.com Store Card Amazon.com Corporate Credit Line Shop with Points Credit Card Marketplace Reload Your Balance Amazon Currency Converter. Your Account Your Orders Shipping Rates & Policies Amazon Prime Returns & Replacements Manage Your Content and Devices Amazon Assistant Help. Amazon Music Stream millions of songs. Amazon Drive Cloud storage from Amazon. 6pm Score deals on fashion brands. AbeBooks Books, art & collectibles. ACX Audiobook Publishing Made Easy. Alexa Actionable Analytics for the Web. Amazon Business Everything For Your Business. AmazonFresh Groceries & More Right To Your Door. AmazonGlobal Ship Orders Internationally. Home Services Handpicked Pros Happiness Guarantee. Amazon Inspire Digital Educational Resources. Amazon Rapids Fun stories for kids on the go. Amazon Restaurants Food delivery from local restaurants. Amazon Video Direct Video Distribution Made Easy. Amazon Web Services Scalable Cloud Computing Services. Audible Download Audio Books. AudiobookStand Discount Audiobooks on Disc. Book Depository Books With Free Delivery Worldwide. Box Office Mojo Find Movie Box Office Data. ComiXology Thousands of Digital Comics. CreateSpace Indie Print Publishing Made Easy. DPReview Digital Photography. East Dane Designer Men's Fashion. Fabric Sewing, Quilting & Knitting. Goodreads Book reviews & recommendations. IMDb Movies, TV & Celebrities. IMDbPro Get Info Entertainment Professionals Need. Junglee.com Shop Online in India. Kindle Direct Publishing Indie Digital Publishing Made Easy. Prime Now FREE 2-Hour Delivery on Everyday Items. Prime Photos Unlimited Photo Storage Free With Prime. Shopbop Designer Fashion Brands. TenMarks.com Math Activities for Kids & Schools. Warehouse Deals Open-Box Discounts. Whole Foods Market America’s Healthiest Grocery Store. Withoutabox Submit to Film Festivals. Woot! Deals and Shenanigans. Zappos Shoes & Clothing. Souq.com Shop Online in the Middle East. Subscribe with Amazon Discover & try subscription services. Conditions of Use Privacy Notice Interest-Based Ads © 1996-2018, Amazon.com, Inc. 
The source for Tech Buying Advice. More Car Tech. Tech deals, prizes and latest news. A large LG phone that runs Android for a not-so-large price. What is a hands on review?. The LG K10 is shaping up to be a competitive budget phone that runs Android. While Motorola has impressed us the most before, this K Series entry for 2016 has a smoother design and rocks a large, 5.3-inch display.. Speaker is on the back cover. LG K10 design LG K10 display LG K10 specs Early verdict. The LG K10 is shaping up to be a competitive budget phone that runs Android. While Motorola has impressed us the most before, this K-series entry for 2016 has a smoother design and rocks a large, 5.3-inch display.. The LG K10 is a budget phone trapped inside the body of the company's familiar design, seen in high-end devices like the flagship LG G4 .. At CES 2016 , we're still a few months away from the almost-certain LG G5 and the rumored LG G Flex 3 , so we're focused on the South Korean brand's inexpensive smartphones.. Trying out this Android 5.1 Lollipop phone, I immediately liked the large 5.3-inch display and the 2.5D arc glass, which gives it a clean, smooth feeling in the hand.. There are no distinctive seams on this smartphone, and as long as you're only looking for mid-range specs, this may be the edge-less budget handset with an edge over its competition.. I got to try out the LG K10 in white at CES, and immediately noted LG's new pebble design language. While the phone is aimed at a younger audience, it looks modern enough for anyone.. The all-around smooth finish is thanks to LG's buttonless frame, which sticks the volume rocker and power button on the back of the phone. The seamless edges really emphasise this now.. I've always enjoyed LG's design ethos, which helps me avoid accidental presses of the aforementioned key buttons, until of course I blindly press the wrong one or smudge the camera on back.. Whether,you go with the white or the indigo LG K10, the design won't fool anyone into thinking you've gone out and purchased a flagship Android , but it's a nice plastic alternative.. The LG K10 gives budget Android phone-seekers a spacious 5.3-inch display for less money, and the company has settled on an adequate 720p resolution.. It's hard to find a solid 1080p budget phone, and this one looks solid enough – at least from the show floor – with its IPS in-cell LCD and capacitive touchscreen.. We'll have to put it next to the LG G4, with its quad HD resolution, to see how the pixels match up in our full LG K10 review.. The LG K10 internals aren't clear cut right now because the processor, memory and storage that you get will depend on which part of the world you're in. There are a bunch of configurations.. There are two 4G LTE versions of this Android phone, with 1.2GHz or 1.3GHz quad-core chips combined with two battery-saving slower 1.14GHz cores. The third, 3G, edition comes with a 1.3GHz quad-core System-on-a-Chip.. LG K10's specs also divide up the memory. There are LTE options for 2GB and 1.5GB of RAM and 16GB of storage, and a 3G version with 1GB of RAM and 8GB of storage.. The camera specs are all over the place too. The fastest LG K10 comes with higher-end sensors – 13MP round back and 8MP on the front.. The middle of the road 1.5GB RAM option subs in a 5MP selfie camera on front, while the 3G edition sticks with 8MP on both front and rear. LG features such as gesture shot for photos make the cut too.. All versions of the LG K10 come with a microSD card slot for expandable storage and a 2,300mAh battery, and measure 146 x 74.8 x 8.8mm.. The LG K10 is a 5.2-inch Android phone with a likeable, polished design – so polished that its 2.5 arc glass and pebble design language leave it without noticeable seams.. Of the three configurations, the top-of-the-line K10 could be fast enough for most phone owners, especially among that younger audience it's being marketed to.. Of course, it's going to come down to price and carrier options. LG has been making some solid flagship options, so we'll see what it can do at the budget end in 2016 in our full LG K10 review.. What is a hands on review?. 'Hands on reviews' are a journalist's first impressions of a piece of kit based on spending some time with it. It may be just a few moments, or a few hours. The important thing is we have been able to play with it ourselves and can give you some sense of what it's like to use, even if it's only an embryonic view. For more information, see TechRadar's Reviews Guarantee .. You can unsubscribe at any time and we'll never share your details without your permission.. Get the best tech deals, reviews, product advice, competitions, unmissable tech news and more!. 1 Samsung Galaxy S9 release date, price, news and features. 2 Samsung Galaxy S9 launch: as it happened. 3 Samsung Galaxy S9 live stream: how to watch today's big launch event. 4 MWC 2018: All the latest news from the show. 5 How to watch Arsenal v Man City live stream online for the Carabao Cup final NOW. 2 Samsung Galaxy S9 Plus review. 3 Samsung Galaxy S9 release date, price, news and features. 4 Samsung Galaxy S9 launch: as it happened. 5 BlackBerry: 'we understand we are not for everyone' but 'we're here to stay'. TechRadar is part of Future plc, an international media group and leading digital publisher. England and Wales company registration number 2008885.. 
Home Shop MWC News Reviews Features Opinions Videos The Gadgets 360 Show Cell Guru Prime Tech Smartphone Reviews Tech and Gadget Reviews How-To Videos Video Game Reviews and Features Top Lists by Gadgets 360 Unboxing and Hands-On Videos Podcasts Compare Mobiles Phone Finder DEALS. Mobiles Tablets Apps Gaming Cameras PC/Laptops AUDIO/VIDEO How To Telecom Science INDIA INTERNET SOCIAL MEDIA WEARABLES हिंदी. Acer Adcom Alcatel Apple Archos Asus BlackBerry Blu Celkon Coolpad Datawind Fly Gionee HTC Huawei iBall iBerry Idea InFocus Intex iVoomi Jivi Karbonn Lava LeEco Lenovo LG Lyf Maxx Mobile Meizu Micromax Microsoft Motorola MTS Nokia Obi Oppo Panasonic Philips Ringing Bells Samsung Sony Spice Swipe Videocon Vivo Wickedleak Xiaomi Xolo Yu Zen Ziox Zopo ZTE. Home Mobiles Phone Finder LG K10. SPECIFICATIONS USER REVIEWS NEWS. Share on Facebook Tweet Share Share Email Reddit. LG K10 smartphone was launched in January 2016. The phone comes with a 5.30-inch touchscreen display with a resolution of 720 pixels by 1280 pixels. LG K10 price in India starts from Rs. The LG K10 is powered by 1.3GHz quad-core processor and it comes with 1GB of RAM. The phone packs 8GB of internal storage that can be expanded. As far as the cameras are concerned, the LG K10 packs a 13-megapixel primary camera on the rear and a 5-megapixel front shooter for selfies. The LG K10 runs Android 5.1 and is powered by a 2300mAh non removable battery. It measures 146.60 x 74.80 x 8.80 (height x width x thickness). The LG K10 is a single SIM (GSM) smartphone that accepts a Regular-SIM. Connectivity options include Wi-Fi, GPS, Bluetooth and 3G. Sensors on the phone include Proximity sensor and Ambient light sensor.. KEY SPECS NEWS Price in india. LG K-Series Smartphones India Launch Set for April 14. LG K10 LTE Variant Price Revealed. LG K10, K7 Launched as First K-Series Smartphones Ahead of CES 2016. More LG mobiles LG mobiles price in India. LG K10 Price in India K10 (Black Gold, 16GB) Rs. 8,440 K10 (Black Blue, 16GB) Rs. Release date January 2016 Form factor Touchscreen Dimensions (mm) 146.60 x 74.80 x 8.80 Battery capacity (mAh) 2300 Removable battery No Colours White, Indigo, Gold. Screen size (inches) 5.30 Touchscreen Yes Resolution 720x1280 pixels. Processor 1.3GHz quad-core RAM 1GB Internal storage 8GB Expandable storage Yes Expandable storage type microSD. Rear camera 13-megapixel Rear Flash LED Front camera 5-megapixel. Wi-Fi Yes Wi-Fi standards supported 802.11 b/g/n GPS Yes Bluetooth Yes NFC No Infrared No USB OTG No Headphones 3.5mm FM No Number of SIMs 1 SIM 1 SIM Type Regular GSM/CDMA GSM 3G Yes 4G/ LTE No Supports 4G in India (Band 40) No. Compass/ Magnetometer No Proximity sensor Yes Accelerometer No Ambient light sensor Yes Gyroscope No Barometer No Temperature sensor No. Error or missing information? Please let us know. User ratings and reviews for LG K10. 4 Out of 5. 5 Star 4 Star 1 3 Star 2 Star 1 Star. LG K-Series Smartphones India Launch Set for April 14. LG K10 LTE Variant Price Revealed. LG K10, K7 Launched as First K-Series Smartphones Ahead of CES 2016. LG V30S+ ThinQ LG V30S ThinQ LG K8 (2018) LG K10a (2018) LG K10+ (2018) LG K10 (2018) LG X4+ LG Signature Edition LG K7i LG V30+ LG V30 LG Q8 LG Q6a LG Q6 LG Q6+ LG G6+ LG X500 LG X venture LG Stylo 3 Plus LG X power2 LG X400 LG G6 LG X300 LG Stylus 3 LG K3 (2017) LG K4 (2017) LG K8 (2017) LG K10 (2017) LG U LG V34. Samsung Galaxy J7 2016 vs. LG K10 Samsung Galaxy J7 2016 vs. Samsung Galaxy S6 Edge Leeco Le 2 vs. Motorola Moto G Gen 3 LG K10 vs. Sony Xperia C4 LG K10 vs. LG V10 Huawei P9 Lite vs. LG K10 LG V20 vs. LG K10 LG K10 vs. LG G4 Lenovo Vibe K4 Note vs. LG K10 LG K10 vs. Nokia 7 Plus Is an Android One Phone With Dual Rear Cameras, Zeiss Optics Samsung Galaxy S9, Galaxy S9+ Pre-Orders Now Open in India Samsung Galaxy S9, Galaxy S9+ With Improved Cameras, AR Emoji Launched Nokia 8110 4G Is a 'Slider' Feature Phone With Google, Facebook Apps OnePlus 5, OnePlus 5T HD Content Streaming Issue Fixed, With a Catch Vodafone to Offer 4.5GB Data Per Day for 28 Days at Rs. 799: Report Samsung Galaxy S9 a Worthy Upgrade? A Look at What's New Nokia 8 Sirocco With Dual Cameras, Stainless Steel Frame Launched at MWC Nokia 6 (2018) Android One Phone With Snapdragon 630 Launched at MWC 2018 Nokia 7 Plus vs Nokia 7. Samsung phones price list Lyf phones price list Micromax phones price list Sony phones price list Htc phones price list Lenovo phones price list Intex phones price list Lava phones price list Apple phones price list Nokia phones price list Xolo phones price list Lg phones price list Vivo phones price list Oppo phones price list Gionee phones price list Motorola phones price list Blackberry phones price list Xiaomi phones price list. Sitemaps Archives Advertise About Us Feedback Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions Complaint Redressal Careers Contact Us RSS Ethics LG K10 in Hindi. © Copyright Red Pixels Ventures Limited 2018. Subject Comments. 
Listed Price : 13,750. LG K10 smartphone flaunts a 5.3-inch HD (1280*720 pixels) display, and is powered by a Qualcomm Snapdragon 1.2Ghz Quad Core Processor paired with 2GB of RAM. Also on offer is 16GB internal storage that can be further expanded using a microSD card.Connectivity options include dual-SIM card slots (nano SIMs), 4G LTE support (on SIM Card 1), VoLTE and VoWiFi support, Wi-Fi, Bluetooth, and GPS. The smartphone will be available in White, Indigo and Gold color options.. Processor Qualcomm Snapdragon 1.2Ghz Quad Core Processor. Internal Memory 16 GB, 2 GB RAM. 2G Network Technology GSM 850 / 900 / 1800 / 1900 MHz. 3G Network Technology HSDPA 900 / 1900 / 2100 MHz. 4G Network Technology LTE Bands: LTE 850 (Band 5) / LTE 1800 (Band 3) / LTE 2300 (Band 40) TDD. Sales Package Quick Service Guide, Charger, Stereo Ear Microphone, USB Data Cable, Qucik Smart Cover. Display Technology Full Touch Screen (DOP), In Cell Touch, 16M colors. Internal Memory 16 GB, 2 GB RAM. SD Card Presence/Capacity microSD, up to 32 GB. Processor Qualcomm Snapdragon 1.2Ghz Quad Core Processor. Size (L by B by T) 144.7 x 73.6 x 8.7 mm. Radio Features Stereo FM radio with RDS &FM Recorder. MWC 2018: LG to launch 2018 edition of K8 and K10 mid-range smartphones. LG celebrates 20 years in India; offers 20% discount on LG V20, free gifts on appliances, and more. LG K3, K4, K8, K10 to launch in India on February 22: Specifications and features. LG K3, K4, K8, K10 and Stylus 3 announced, to be showcased at CES 2017: Specifications, features. LG to unveil six new smartphones at the CES 2017: Report. LG K10 Vs Xiaomi Redmi Note 4G. LG K10 Vs LG K10 (2017). 44,990 Buy Now. Own this mobile? Write a Review. Camera quality is very bad.B battery backup is poor.. Camera quality is very bad.B battery backup is poor.. Camera quality is very bad.B battery backup is poor.. Camera quality is very bad.B battery backup is poor.. Camera quality is very bad.B battery backup is poor.. Staff on Feb 22, 2018 09:14 AM. LG confirms it will launch 2018 editions of K8 and K10 .... Nandini Yadav on Apr 21, 2017 10:47 AM. LG is offering a slew of discounts and offers to celebrate .... Nandini Yadav on Feb 19, 2017 12:50 PM. Here is everything you need to know about LG’s 2017 K .... Kul Bhushan on Dec 22, 2016 12:15 PM. LG is going to have a strong presence at the upcoming CES .... Marcia Sekhose on Dec 15, 2016 05:59 PM. LG is expected to unveil a slew of new smartphones at the .... Write a Review on LG K10. MWC 2018: Sony Xperia Ear Duo launched @sonyxperia @SonyXperiaIndia @sony_india @Sony … buff.ly/2FzZ1kE. #MWC2018 : Sony #MWC2018 , #MWC2018 launched with bezel-less design @sonyxperia … buff.ly/2FtQbVj. @oneplus adding HD video streaming support on #OnePlus5 and #OnePlus5 but there is a catch buff.ly/2FyhA8w https://t.co/mw5rGXJZPE. 
Our new search experience requires JavaScript to be enabled. Please enable JavaScript on your browser , then try again .. All Categories Antiques Art Baby Books Business & Industrial Cameras & Photo Cell Phones & Accessories Clothing, Shoes & Accessories Coins & Paper Money Collectibles Computers/Tablets & Networking Consumer Electronics Crafts Dolls & Bears DVDs & Movies eBay Motors Entertainment Memorabilia Gift Cards & Coupons Health & Beauty Home & Garden Jewelry & Watches Music Musical Instruments & Gear Pet Supplies Pottery & Glass Real Estate Specialty Services Sporting Goods Sports Mem, Cards & Fan Shop Stamps Tickets & Experiences Toys & Hobbies Travel Video Games & Consoles Everything Else. Hi ( Sign in to bid or buy) Daily Deals Gift Cards Help & Contact Sell. Summary Recently Viewed Bids/Offers Watch List Purchase History Selling Saved Searches Saved Sellers Messages. Refine your search for lg k10. All Listings - Current page. Save lg k10 to get e-mail alerts and updates on your eBay Feed.. Unfollow lg k10 to stop getting updates on your eBay Feed.. You'll receive email and Feed alerts when new items arrive. Afghanistan - AFG Albania - ALB Algeria - DZA American Samoa - ASM Andorra - AND Angola - AGO Anguilla - AIA Antigua and Barbuda - ATG Argentina - ARG Armenia - ARM Aruba - ABW Australia - AUS Austria - AUT Azerbaijan Republic - AZE Bahamas - BHS Bahrain - BHR Bangladesh - BGD Barbados - BRB Belarus - BLR Belgium - BEL Belize - BLZ Benin - BEN Bermuda - BMU Bhutan - BTN Bolivia - BOL Bosnia and Herzegovina - BIH Botswana - BWA Brazil - BRA British Virgin Islands - VGB Brunei Darussalam - BRN Bulgaria - BGR Burkina Faso - BFA Burma - MMR Burundi - BDI Cambodia - KHM Cameroon - CMR Canada - CAN Cape Verde Islands - CPV Cayman Islands - CYM Central African Republic - CAF Chad - TCD Chile - CHL China - CHN Colombia - COL Comoros - COM Congo, Democratic Republic of the - COD Congo, Republic of the - COG Cook Islands - COK Costa Rica - CRI Cote d Ivoire (Ivory Coast) - CIV Croatia, Republic of - HRV Cyprus - CYP Czech Republic - CZE Denmark - DNK Djibouti - DJI Dominica - DMA Dominican Republic - DOM Ecuador - ECU Egypt - EGY El Salvador - SLV Equatorial Guinea - GNQ Eritrea - ERI Estonia - EST Ethiopia - ETH Falkland Islands (Islas Malvinas) - FLK Fiji - FJI Finland - FIN France - FRA French Guiana - GUF French Polynesia - PYF Gabon Republic - GAB Gambia - GMB Georgia - GEO Germany - DEU Ghana - GHA Gibraltar - GIB Greece - GRC Greenland - GRL Grenada - GRD Guadeloupe - GLP Guam - GUM Guatemala - GTM Guernsey - GGY Guinea - GIN Guinea-Bissau - GNB Guyana - GUY Haiti - HTI Honduras - HND Hong Kong - HKG Hungary - HUN Iceland - ISL India - IND Indonesia - IDN Ireland - IRL Israel - ISR Italy - ITA Jamaica - JAM Japan - JPN Jersey - JEY Jordan - JOR Kazakhstan - KAZ Kenya - KEN Kiribati - KIR Korea, South - KOR Kuwait - KWT Kyrgyzstan - KGZ Laos - LAO Latvia - LVA Lebanon - LBN Liechtenstein - LIE Lithuania - LTU Luxembourg - LUX Macau - MAC Macedonia - MKD Madagascar - MDG Malawi - MWI Malaysia - MYS Maldives - MDV Mali - MLI Malta - MLT Marshall Islands - MHL Martinique - MTQ Mauritania - MRT Mauritius - MUS Mayotte - MYT Mexico - MEX Micronesia - FSM Moldova - MDA Monaco - MCO Mongolia - MNG Montenegro - MNE Montserrat - MSR Morocco - MAR Mozambique - MOZ Namibia - NAM Nauru - NRU Nepal - NPL Netherlands - NLD Netherlands Antilles - ANT New Caledonia - NCL New Zealand - NZL Nicaragua - NIC Niger - NER Nigeria - NGA Niue - NIU Norway - NOR Oman - OMN Pakistan - PAK Palau - PLW Panama - PAN Papua New Guinea - PNG Paraguay - PRY Peru - PER Philippines - PHL Poland - POL Portugal - PRT Puerto Rico - PRI Qatar - QAT Reunion - REU Romania - ROU Russian Federation - RUS Rwanda - RWA Saint Helena - SHN Saint Kitts-Nevis - KNA Saint Lucia - LCA Saint Pierre and Miquelon - SPM Saint Vincent and the Grenadines - VCT San Marino - SMR Saudi Arabia - SAU Senegal - SEN Serbia - SRB Seychelles - SYC Sierra Leone - SLE Singapore - SGP Slovakia - SVK Slovenia - SVN Solomon Islands - SLB Somalia - SOM South Africa - ZAF Spain - ESP Sri Lanka - LKA Suriname - SUR Swaziland - SWZ Sweden - SWE Switzerland - CHE Taiwan - TWN Tajikistan - TJK Tanzania - TZA Thailand - THA Togo - TGO Tonga - TON Trinidad and Tobago - TTO Tunisia - TUN Turkey - TUR Turkmenistan - TKM Turks and Caicos Islands - TCA Tuvalu - TUV Uganda - UGA Ukraine - UKR United Arab Emirates - ARE United Kingdom - UK United States - USA Uruguay - URU Uzbekistan - UZB Vanuatu - VUT Vatican City State - VAT Venezuela - VEN Vietnam - VNM Virgin Islands (U.S) - VIR Wallis and Futuna - WLF Western Sahara - ESH Western Samoa - WSM Yemen - YEM Zambia - ZMB Zimbabwe - ZWE. LG K10 K425 4G LTE - 16GB 5.3" AT&T ATT Phone Used. 3 new & refurbished from $85.95. LG K10 2017 M250 Dual Sim 16GB BLACK/GOLD/GRA Y (FACTORY UNLOCKED) 5.3" BRAND NEW. Factory Unlocked LG K10 K425 4G LTE - 16GB 5.3" (AT&T T-Mobile Metro) Blue Phone. 3 new & refurbished from $85.95. Rose Gold Brushed Hybrid Dual Black Protector Cover Phone Case LG K10 (2017). LG K10 MS428 16GB Android Smartphone GSM Unlocked T-Mobile AT&T 4G LTE Gold. LG K10 - 16GB - Gold (T-Mobile) Smartphone. LG K10 2017 4G LTE Unlocked Dual Sim M250dsF Octa Core 16GB Android 7.0 13MP NEW. Original LG K10 4G 16GB Single / Dual-SIM Unlocked GSM Android 5.3" Smartphone. Unlocked - LG K10 K425 4G LTE 5.3" HD (AT&T, T-Mobile MetroPCS) Blue Phone. Brand New LG K10 2017 M250K Dual sim LTE 16GB - Black. LG K10 K425 4G LTE 5.3" HD (AT&T, T-Mobile MetroPCS) Blue Phone (Factory Unlock). UNLOCKED Metro PCS LG K10 MS428 GSM Android Gold 4G LTE GSM Smart Cell Phone. LG Stylus 3 LS777 K10 Pro 4G Single SIM 5.7" 16GB ROM GSM / CDMA / HSPA / LTE. Factory Unlocked LG K10 K425 4G LTE - 16GB 5.3" (AT&T T-Mobile Metro) Blue Phone. CoverON® for LG K10 / Premier LTE Holster Case Hybrid Kickstand Phone Cover. LG K10 Cell phone- no dentes or scratches- used but perfect working condition. LG K10 K425 16GB AT&T Unlocked GSM 1.5GB RAM Smartphone w/ 8MP Camera - Blue. UNLOCKED T-Mobile PCS LG K10 K428 GSM Android Gold 4G LTE GSM Smart Cell Phone. LG K10 2017 GOLD DISPLAY 5.3" HD RAM 2GB STORAGE 16 GB +SLOT MICROSD WI-FI +. LG K10 - 16GB - Gold (T-Mobile) Smartphone USED. BRAND NEW LG K10 K425 - 16GB 4G LTE - AT&T GSM UNLOCKED Smartphone - US Warranty. T-Mobile PCS LG K10 K428 GSM Android Gold 4G LTE GSM Smart Cell Phone *READ*. For LG K10 / Premier LTE Case - Hybrid Tough Kickstand Hard Phone Armor Cover. NEW Sparkle Leather cover Case For LG K8 2017 K10 2017 Pearly Colorful Cover Cas. LG K10 LGMS428 Gold MetroPCS Android 16GB 4G LTE GSM Unlocked T-Mobile AT&T. LG K10 Smartphone Blue *NEW*＋Warranty !. LG K10 K425 ATT Unlocked GSM LTE Android Phone w/ 8MP Camera - Blue. LG K10 MS428 16GBAndroid Gold (Unlocked T-Mobile) - Read Full Description #28C30. LG K10 4G Dual K430DSY Dual SIM Unlocked Check IMEI A. LG K10 K425-16GB-Blue (AT&T) Smartphone Unlocked works in any country & carrier. LG K10 K428 16GB Gold! For T-Mobile, Lycamobile, Metro PCS, Simple Mobile! 9/10!. LG K10 K425 16GB GSM Unlocked 4G LTE 5.3" 8MP Camera Phone Blue US Warranty. 3 new & refurbished from $85.95. LG K10 K430dsy 16GB Dual Black Blue Unlocked GSM Android Smartphone NEW. LG K10 K425 - 16GB - Blue (AT&T) Smartphone. LG K10 4G LTE/5.3 Screen/Black/B rand New. LG K10 (LGMS428) Gold (MetroPCS) Cracked Screen Please Read🔥. LG K10 LTE 16GB Smartphone Black International 2 pin. LG K8 LG Escape 3 LG Phoenix 2 Case Cover Butterfly Studded Hybrid Armor Blink. CoverON for LG K10 2017 / Grace / Harmony / V5 Case Slim TPU Thin Cover Clear. UNLOCKED T-Mobile PCS LG K10 K428 GSM Android Gold 4G LTE Smart Phone * 9/10 *. LG K10 MS428 16GB GOLD METRO PCS-SMARTPHONE -SEE DESCRIPTION BD9997. LG K10 K430DSY 16GB, Unlocked, Dual Sim, 5.3", 13MP, Choose Your Color. LG K10 F670 Smart Phone / White Color / 1.3GHz Ouad Core / 5.3" / 16GB / Cellpho. LG K10 F670 Smart Phone / Black Color / 1.3GHz Ouad Core / 5.3" / 16GB / Cellpho. LG K10 - 16GB - Gold (MetroPCS) Smartphone for parts only. NEW LG K10 16GB 5.3-Inch 13MP Dual SIM 4G LTE Factory Unlocked - Fedex Ship. LG K10 K430dsy 16GB Dual Black Gold Unlocked GSM Android Smartphone NEW. Excellent LG K10 K428 16GB Gold T-Mobile, LCD White Spot, Read Details. LG K10 - 16GB - Gold K428 Smartphone Clean ESN/IMEI GSM Unlocked. LG K10 K425 - 16GB - Black (AT&T) Smartphone W/Pink Case Cover. Cricket LG K10 K373 Android 4G LTE GSM Smart Gold Phone. LG K10 - 16GB - Gold (T-Mobile) Smartphone. LG K10 2017 SMARTPHONE 4G LTE, ÉCRAN HD 5.3 POUCES, CAMÉRA DE 13 MP, P. LG K10 2017 OR DISPLAY 5.3" HD RAM 2GB STORAGE 16 GB +FENTE MICROSD WI-FI +4G/L. LG K10 4G LTE smart phone - 16GB 5.3" (AT&T) - dark blue!!!. 3 new & refurbished from $85.95. LG K10 MS428 16GB Gold! Metro PCS+GSM Unlocked! READ DESCRIPTION!. LG M250 K10 2017 TIM BLACK. Fits LG K10, LG Harmony 2017 Case Shockproof w/ Holster Kickstand Cover. Lg K20 Plus Case, Covrware [Iron Tank] Built-In [Screen Protector] Heavy Duty Fu. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. 90 Day Warranty Works With All GSM Carriers Worldwide. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. eBay determines this price through a machine learned model of the product's sale prices within the last 90 days.. eBay determines trending price through a machine learned model of the product’s sale prices within the last 90 days. "New" refers to a brand-new, unused, unopened, undamaged item, and "Used" refers to an item that has been used previously.. Top Rated Plus Sellers with highest buyer ratings Returns, money back Ships in a business day with tracking Learn More. Top Rated Plus Sellers with highest buyer ratings Returns, money back Ships in a business day with tracking Learn More. $ Enter minimum price to $ Enter maximum price. Please enter a minimum and/or maximum price before continuing.. Site Map Copyright © 1995-2018 eBay Inc. Accessibility , User Agreement , Privacy , Cookies and AdChoice Norton Secured - powered by Verisign. Amounts shown in italicized text are for items listed in currency other than U.S. dollars and are approximate conversions to U.S. dollars based upon Bloomberg's conversion rates. For more recent exchange rates, please use the Universal Currency Converter. Number of bids and bid amounts may be slightly out of date. See each listing for international shipping options and costs.. 
To properly experience our LG.com website,. you will need to use an alternate browser or upgrade to a newer version of internet Explorer (IE9 or greater).. Right click at the top of your browser and make sure the “Menu Bar” option is selected. Select “Tools” from the menu bar and then select “Compatibility View settings”. In the pop-up menu uncheck all three boxes and click “Close”. Your browser window will automatically refresh and you’ll be ready to go. The LG.com website utilizes responsive design to provide convenient experience that conforms to your devices screen size. In order to get the best possible experience our LG.COM website please follow below instructions.. If you’re using Internet Explorer 8 or earlier, you will need to use an alternate browser such as Firefox or Chrome or upgrade to a newer version of internet Explorer (IE9 or greater) .. If you’re using Internet Explorer 9 and higher, turn off your Internet Explorer browser’s “Compatibility View settings” by following steps below:. LG SIGNATURE Products Support. Products OLED TVs Refrigerators Washers Dryers Air Purifiers Ranges Dishwashers. Mobile TV/Audio/Video Appliances Computers. Cell Phones Discover the LG V30 Discover the LG G6 All Phones AT&T Phones Sprint Phones T-Mobile Phones Verizon Phones US Cellular Phones Unlocked Phones. Bluetooth Headsets & Headphones All Bluetooth Headsets & Headphones Shop Headsets & Headphones Accessories Discover LG TONE Headsets & Headphones. Mobile Accessories All Mobile Accessories Wireless Keyboards Cell Phone Batteries Cell Phone Cradles & Chargers Cell Phones Covers & Cases. The Big Screen that Fits in Your Hand. TVs All TVs OLED TVs SUPER UHD TVs 4K Ultra HD TVs LED TVs. Home Audio All Home Audio Sound Bars Shelf Stereo & Loud Speaker Systems Bluetooth & Wireless Speakers Dolby Atmos Home Theater Smart Speakers Speakers with Meridian Audio. Home Video Blu-ray & DVD Players Projectors. TV Audio Video Accessories Remotes TV Wall Mounts 3D Glasses. Refrigerators Discover LG InstaView™ Door-in-Door® All Refrigerators Door-in-Door® LG InstaView™ Door-in-Door® French Door Side-by-Side Bottom Freezer Top Freezer Counter-Depth Kimchi/Specialty Foods. Cooking Appliances All Cooking Appliances Discover NeoChef™ Microwaves Ranges & Ovens Wall Ovens Cooktops Microwave Ovens Hoods. Dishwashers Discover QuadWash™ Top Control Dishwashers Front Control Dishwashers. Kitchen Accessories Refrigerator Filters All Kitchen Accessories Replacement Oven Knobs. Washers All Washers Discover LG SideKick™ Front Load Washers TWIN Load Washers LG SideKick™ Pedestal Washers Top Load Washers. Dryers Gas Dryers Electric Dryers. Steam Clothing Care System LG Styler. Air Care Solutions Air Purifiers Dehumidifiers. Vacuum Cleaners Robot Vacuum Cleaners Stick Vacuums. Knock Twice and See What's Inside. For Small Loads That Are a Big Deal. Consumer Monitors All Monitors Gaming Monitors 4K / 5K Monitors 21:9 UltraWide® Monitors UltraFine™ Monitors IPS Monitors LED Monitors. Commercial Monitors Desktop Monitors 21:9 UltraWide Monitors Medical Monitors Zero Client 4K UHD UltraFine™ Monitors. Burners & Drives All Burners & Drives Blu-ray Burners and Drives DVD Burners and Drives. Additional Support MyLG Account Parts & Accessories Document Upload Announcements Works with Voice Assistant. Repair Services Request a Repair Track Repair Locate Repair Provider LG Direct Service LG Authorized Service Center. Contact Us Chat & Email Telephone Twitter Support Ask the Community Facebook Support. Business Support Business Support Home Request RA Request SWAP Track RA or SWAP Status Business Warranty Enhanced Service Plan Five-Star Service. Top Searches LG Bridge LG PC Suite Smart Share Mobile Support TV Support. Discover Our Newest Collection of TV, Appliance and Mobile Accessories. Extend your protection for years to come with the additional peace of mind of LG Premium Care.. Step-by-Step Guide by Device and Cable Connector.. Search Search. Welcome Sign out. 5.3" HD TFT In-Cell Touch Display. 5 MP Front-Facing Camera with Gesture Shot & Selfie Light. 1.3 GHz QUAD-CORE PROCESSOR + 2,300 mAh BATTERY. 5.3" HD TFT IN-CELL TOUCH DISPLAY. Your new look is crafted to perfection with a sleek, modern pebble design and a glossy display that’s vivid—even in bright sunlight.. 8 MP AUTOFOCUS REAR CAMERA + TOUCH & SHOOT. Life’s an adventure—don’t miss a moment of the action. Focus in and capture it by simply touching the screen.. When one picture won’t cut it: just raise your hand, align it in the box, and make a fist TWICE to capture 4 selfies in sequence.. 1.3 GHz QUAD-CORE PROCESSOR +2,300 mAh BATTERY. With smooth, steady performance and a battery that lasts as long as you, power through your day without pause.. 1.3 GHz Quad-Core Qualcomm® Snapdragon™ 210. 16 GB (up to 9.5 GB usable) - expandable via microSD™ card (sold separately). 5 MP Front-Facing Camera with Gesture Shot & Selfie Light. 2.5D Arc Glass for an Edge-Free Feel. Ambidextrous, multi-purpose use of Power/Lock and Volume Keys with quick shortcuts. Conveniently access all apps from the home screen. Control notifications and alerts received; choose to receive all, none, or only those. Double tap the screen to put your phone to sleep/ wake it without picking it up or. Create a 6-to-8-point tapping pattern for security and direct access to the home screen. Multilanguage Support for Phone and Keyboard Input. Show frequently used features right on the home screen for quick and easy access. Write or draw on nearly any screen and schedule memos to appear at certain times or. Restrict apps in background to save power. Copy multiple items and paste them in a clipboard that pops up at the bottom of the. screen, creating a collection of information from which you can save or send. Unique ringtone created for each caller based on phone numbers. Premium protection that offers solutions for finding phone, scanning for malware,. Take selfies without a button or a gesture – simply pose and take shots instantly. Take selfies with a simple hand gesture. Screen will illuminate a soft light around the photo preview for well-lit selfies. Hold the shutter button to take multiple shots quickly. Gesture Interval Shot* and Interval Shot*. Make a fist twice or hold the shutter button to take four selfies on a timer. Switch Between Rear and Front Cameras with a Finger Swipe. Tap the shutter, tap the screen, use your voice, or press a volume key to take a photo. Quick access to social platforms after taking pictures and videos. Add frames, filters, effects, and much more to your pictures. Up to 1080P video playback at 30 FPS. Pause and start in record mode for one continuous video file. Take still shots while recording video. Capture still shots from a video during playback. Choose to take a picture/video 3 or 10 seconds after you press the shutter/record. Include location information with photos and videos. Available only on the front-facing camera. Available only on the rear-facing camera. Video Player with Touch Lock and Resume Play Function. Supports 3GP, 3G2, MP4, MKV, AVI, FLV, TS, OGM and WebM formats. Subtitle Settings, After Playing, Play on Lock Screen, Screenshot, Flip to Pause,. Music Player with Auto Stop Feature. Supports AAC, AAC+, eAAC+, MP3, WAV, FLAC, AMR, M4A, MIDI, WMA, PCM, OPUS, and Ogg. organized by song, album, artist, genre, favorites, playlists, or folders. Transfer media files to a computer via USB*. Use Wi-Fi to improve voice and data coverage. Enables HD Voice** and enhanced communications over the cellular network***. Share a data connection with other compatible wireless devices***. Share contacts, web pages, and more via Near Field Communication (NFC). Headset, Hands-Free, Object Push, Advanced Audio Distribution, Audio/Video Remote. Control, Human Interface Device, Phone Book Access, Device ID, Generic Audio/Video. Distribution, Health Device, Message Access, Personal Area Networking, Serial Port. Connect directly to devices via Wi-Fi connection. Share your phone’s Internet connection with your computer. S-GPS, A-GPS, and Qualcomm® GPS Service. AT&T’s 4G LTE Network not available everywhere. HD Voice requires compatibility on both caller and receiver devices. GSM 850/900/1800/1900 MHz, LTE Bands 2/4/5/12. 1.3 GHz Quad-Core Qualcomm Snapdragon™ 210. 5.77" (H) x 2.94" (W) x 0.35" (D). 16M Color, 1280 x 720 pixels, 5.3” HD TFT In-Cell. Up to 13 hours and 45 minutes*. Up to 19 days and 22 hours*. Actual battery time may vary depending on network connectivity and application use. (LG TONE PRO™, LG TONE ULTRA™, LG TONE Active™, LG TONE INFINIM™, LG TONE PLATINUM™. Rated 4 out of. So, far I am very impressed with this phone.... This is a mid range phone. If you are looking for a mid range phone? You will not be disappointed the LG K10.. Rated 4 out of. Its battery charger is too good and internet is also nice speed, Overall its feeling to good for use.. Rated 3 out of. I bought this with my parents and It has been a good phone!. Rated 3 out of. Okay phone for what I need. It's well built, feels good in my hand, camera is pretty good, has decent battery life as long as you don't crank the brightness to the top and was inexpensive. I replaced a different model broken LG phone with this model and overall have been satisfied with my choice. It's a little under-powered, the touch screen is a little insensitive at times and lacks a good sync to PC app.. Rated 1 out of. When I type my model number into the search bar on the driver downloads page (http://www.lg.com/us/support/software-firmware-drivers) and then click on a result, nothing happens.. Rated 4 out of. All the things that you need without the huge price!. Rated 2 out of. I have had this phone for almost a year. Was really excited to switch but turned out was the worst mistake I made. Battery takes forever to charge and runs down fast. It is the slowest in terms of loading anything. Picture quality is grainy and takes forever to send messages. I would love to go back to prepay but not with this phone or carrier!!. Rated 4 out of. I would have given it a 5 but it needs more storage. It takes great pictures and videos. The speakerphone is way better than the Samsung, people actually hear me.. LG TONE PRO® Bluetooth® Wireless Stereo Headset. LG Portable & Bluetooth® Wireless Rolly Keyboard™ 2. LG TONE Active™ Bluetooth® Wireless Headset. We're here to support you with our product. Get the most out of your ownership. Help yourself to helpful product information. Learn how to install & operate your LG product. More help with your LG product. Contact us for any support inquiries.. Chat with an LG Support Representative. Tweet @LGUSSupport for Support.. No time to chat? Send LG Support your inquiry.. LG phoenix® 3 | AT&T Prepaid. FIND AN AUTHORIZED STORE NEAR YOU. Whether you're searching for basic cell phones, state-of-the-art smartphones or something in between, it's all at your fingertips. Designed for the way you live, LG cell phones give you access to the latest technology and newest features, plus all the essentials—like talk and text messaging. If you're not sure what kind of phone you need, we can even help you find the right device. Just take a look at the type of phones we offer and find the category that best matches your needs. Basic: Boasting compact, stylish designs our basic phones give you the power to talk and text with ease—and typically come with a camera to help you capture special moments. Some may even come equipped with QWERTY keyboards, music players, and access to apps. Smartphones: Featuring access to ultra-fast processors, the latest apps, high-resolution cameras, HD displays, sophisticated designs and the newest technology, smartphones make it easy to stay organized and entertained on the go. Android: Boasting intuitive Android operating systems, these LG phones give you lightning-fast connections to the information you want. Plus, with available HD displays, high-resolution cameras, innovative security features, organizational tools, and access to thousands of apps, they're perfect for anyone with an on-the-go lifestyle. Touchscreen: Available with a wide range of features, our touchscreen cell phones give you the power to do more with just a tap. And with their available high-resolution cameras, HD displays, stylish designs and innovative technology, our touchscreen mobiles make it easy to find the perfect phone for the way you live. QWERTY Keyboard: Along with many of the same great features available on our smartphones, QWERTY devices also feature slide-out keyboards for those who prefer a more tactile experience. Processors that fit your speed: For the ultimate in speed and seamless multitasking, LG offers dual-core, quad-core , hexa-core and octa-core devices that give you fast access to your favorite apps and programs, and a host of state-of-the-art features. For added style and functionality, you can personalize your LG cell phone with the latest accessories. From cases and covers to headphones and chargers, our innovative collection makes it easy to get more from your go-to mobile device. Browse our newest cell phone accessories and upgrade your phone your way.. Design, features and specifications subject to change without notice. Some features in videos may not be available on all models. Please refer to the TECHNICAL SPECIFICATIONS tab for a complete list of features by model. *Prices, promotions and availability may vary by store and online. Prices subject to change without notice. Check with your local retailers for final price and availability.. LG SIGNATURE LG SIGNATURE Brand Story LG SIGNATURE Products Products OLED TVs Refrigerators Washers Dryers Air Purifiers Ranges Dishwashers Cell Phones All Phones AT&T Phones Sprint Phones T-Mobile Phones Verizon Phones US Cellular Phones Unlocked Phones Boost Mobile Phones Cricket Phones Metro PCS Phones TracFone Phones Virgin Mobile Phones Xfinity Phones Smartphones Android Phones 4G LTE Phones Quad-core Phones Budget Phones Basic Phones Prepaid / No Contract Phones G Series Phones K Series Phones Stylo Series Phones V Series Phones X Series Phones Touch Screen Smart Watches Tablets Enterprise Mobile Solutions Bluetooth Headsets & Headphones All Bluetooth Headsets & Headphones Shop LG Bluetooth Headsets & Headphones Discover LG TONE Headsets & Headphones Mobile Accessories All Mobile Accessories LG Wireless Keyboards Shop LG Wireless Keyboards LG Cell Phone Batteries Shop Cell Phone Batteries LG Cell Phone Cradles & Chargers Shop LG Cell Phone Cradles & Chargers LG Cell Phones Covers & Cases TVs All TVs OLED TVs HDR TVs SUPER UHD TVs 4K Ultra HD TVs LED TVs 3D TVs Smart TVs Curved TVs 22 Inch to 29 Inch Class TVs 32 Inch to 39 Inch Class TVs 40 Inch to 43 Inch Class TVs 47 Inch to 49 Inch Class TVs 50 Inch to 55 Inch Class TVs 60 Inch to 65 Inch Class TVs 70 Inch to 79 Inch Class TVs 84 Inch to 105 Inch Class TVs Home Audio All Home Audio Sound Bars Shelf Stereo & Loud Speaker Systems Bluetooth & Wireless Speakers Dolby Atmos Home Theater Smart Speakers Speakers with Meridian Audio Home Video Blu-ray & DVD Players Projectors Home Security TV Audio Video Accessories Remotes TV Wall Mounts 3D Glasses Discover LG Matte Black Refrigerators All Refrigerators Door-in-Door® French Door Side-by-Side Bottom Freezer Top Freezer Counter-Depth Kimchi/Specialty Foods Cooking Appliances All Cooking Appliances Ranges & Ovens Electric Ranges Gas Ranges Wall Ovens Single Wall Ovens Double Wall Ovens Cooktops Gas Cooktops Radiant (Electric) Cooktops Microwave Ovens Countertop Microwave Over The Range Microwave Hoods Dishwashers Top Control Dishwashers Front Control Dishwashers LG Studio Kitchen Accessories Refrigerator Filters All Kitchen Accessories Replacement Oven Knobs Washers All Washers Front Load Washers TWIN Load Washers LG SideKick™ Pedestal Washers Top Load Washers Washer Dryer Combos Dryers Gas Dryers Electric Dryers Steam Clothing Care System LG Styler Laundry Accessories Laundry Pedestals Dryer Racks Laundry Hoses Dryer Lint Filters Washer Dryer Stacking Kits Air Conditioners Portable Air Conditioners Window Air Conditioners Wall Air Conditioners Casement Air Conditioners Air Care Solutions Air Purifiers Dehumidifiers Vacuum Cleaners Robot Vacuum Cleaners Stick Vacuums LED Lights Home Appliance Accessories Air Conditioner Accessories Consumer Monitors All Monitors Gaming Monitors 4K / 5K Monitors 21:9 UltraWide® Monitors UltraFine™ Monitors IPS Monitors LED Monitors Commercial Monitors Desktop Monitors 21:9 UltraWide Monitors Medical Monitors Zero Client 4K UHD UltraFine™ Monitors Laptops Burners & Drives All Burners & Drives Blu-ray Burners and Drives DVD Burners and Drives Computer Accessories Promotions Discover LG Promotions Rebates SUPPORT Register a Product Software & Drivers Manuals & Documents Help Library Video Tutorials Additional Support MyLG Account Parts & Accessories Document Upload Announcements LG Refrigerator Energy Offer LG Recycling Program Works with Voice Assistant Repair Services Request a Repair Track Repair Locate Repair Provider LG Direct Service LG Authorized Service Center Contact Us Chat & Email Telephone Twitter Support Ask the Community Facebook Support Business Support Business Support Home Request RA Request SWAP Track RA or SWAP Status Business Warranty Enhanced Service Plan Five-Star Service Top Searches LG Bridge LG PC Suite Smart Share Mobile Support TV Support ABOUT LG Press Release Media Contacts Career Opportunities Newsletter Signup PUBLIC NOTICES General Mobile TV/Audio/Video Appliances Computer Products Compliance Information. For Business Site Map Privacy Legal Patent Terms & Conditions Accessibility Help. 
more ... more .... more ... more .... MEMORY: 16 GB + MicroSD. Release date: Feb 1, 2016. View all photos (7). Available: Tracfone Discontinued: AT&T , T-Mobile , MetroPCS. Based on 1 User reviews. Too little RAM memory (1.5 GB RAM). Low pixel density screen (277 ppi). The LG K10 offers a 5.3-inch In-cell display with a 720 x 1280 HD resolution. The LTE version of the phone is powered by a quad-core 1.2GHz or 1.3GHz CPU. The 3G model features a quad-core 1.3GHz CPU. There will be three variants with 2GB of RAM, 1.5GB of RAM and 1GB of RAM. The handsets are available with 16GB or 8GB of ROM. The camera combos available with the LTE model are 13MP/8MP and 13MP/5MP. The 3G model carries an 8MP rear-facing camera and an 8MP front-facing camera. A 2300mAh battery keeps the lights on, and the phone will be offered in White, Indigo and Gold. OS: Android (7.0, 6.0), LG UX UI. Dimensions: 5.77 x 2.94 x 0.35 inches (146.6 x 74.8 x 8.8 mm). Weight: 4.94 oz (140 g) the average is 5.6 oz (159 g). Resolution: 720 x 1280 pixels. Features: Scratch-resistant glass (Corning Gorilla Glass 3), Ambient light sensor, Proximity sensor. Pixel density - The pixel density of a display represents the number of pixels over an area of one inch. It’s measured in “pixels per inch”, or ppi. The higher the number, the more detailed and good-looking the display is.. Technology - There are two main screen technologies currently used in phones and tablets: LCD and AMOLED. The former usually features a light source and liquid crystals, while the latter is based on organic light-emitting diodes. Newer LCD variations like IPS-LCD and Super-LCD allow for very accurate color reproduction and very wide viewing angles, where no significant image quality loss is observed. Current AMOLED screens differ in such a way that they can exhibit much more saturated colors (sometimes too much) and incredibly high contrast levels, which is due to black color being completely black in AMOLED displays.. Screen-to-body ratio - Shows what part of the frontal area of a phone its screen occupies.. Software Features: Digital image stabilization, Touch to focus, Voice activation, Self-timer, Digital zoom, Geo tagging. Features: Picture-taking during video recording, Video calling, Video sharing. Quad-core, 1300 MHz, ARM Cortex-A7, 28 nm. System chip - Most modern handsets use an advanced chip that includes many of the device’s hardware modules like the processor, Wi-Fi, Bluetooth and sometimes even the wireless radio. This field shows what particular system chip (or System-on-a-Chip) is used in the phone.. Processor - The processor is the main computing component of a phone and is a major factor when it comes to the overall speed of the device. Some more powerful smartphones use dual-core and quad-core processors designed to deliver greater performance.. Graphics processor - The graphics processor is important for the smooth operation of the system and especially in games and other applications that may involve complex graphics and animations.. System memory - System memory, or RAM memory is the type of memory that the device uses to temporarily store data from the OS or currently-running apps. The more RAM available to the device, the better the performance will be when multiple or heavier programs are running.. Built-in storage - Bigger storage capacity allows you to keep more content saved onto your device, such as more applications, photos or video. Games and video content typically take up the biggest amount of storage space.. Storage expansion - Some handsets allow you to expand their storage capacity by using a memory expansion card – most often microSD. Expansion memory is mostly suitable for media storage, such as photo, video or music content.. Talk time: 13.70 hours the average is 20 h (1229 min). Stand-by time: 19.0 days (456 hours) the average is 21 days (502 h). Capacity - The bigger, the better! However, battery capacity is not the only factor that has an effect on battery life. Those include the chipset in use, the software running on the device, as well as the consumer's unique usage pattern.. Multimedia Screen mirroring: Wireless screen share. Filter by: Album, Artist, Genre, Playlists. Features: Album art cover, Background playback. Cellular GSM: 850, 900, 1800, 1900 MHz. LTE (FDD): Bands 2, 4, 5, 12. Notifications: Haptic feedback, Music ringtones (MP3), Polyphonic ringtones, Vibration, Flight mode, Silent mode, Speakerphone. Other features: Voice dialing, Voice commands, Voice recording, TTY/TDD. Features: Mass storage device, USB charging. Other: NFC, UMA (Wi-Fi Calling), Tethering, Computer sync, OTA sync. Positioning - This field shows the positioning systems supported by the device. The most common types are GPS and A-GPS.. GPS - This is one of the most widespread global positioning technologies, developed and maintained by the U.S. It uses satellites in order to detect your location. A-GPS - A-GPS stands for Assisted GPS and is the industry standard for positioning and navigation. “Assisted” means that it can use local wireless networks, in addition to satellites, for quicker and more precise localization.. Availability Officially announced: 04 Jan 2016. To see the full specifications with in-depth details click here.. This device is also known as. LG K420N , LG Premier , LG K425 , LG K428SG , LG MS428. We list only the specs that are different than the main variant. LG K10 (K420N). Quad-core, 1200 MHz, ARM Cortex-A53, 64-bit, 28 nm. System chip - Most modern handsets use an advanced chip that includes many of the device’s hardware modules like the processor, Wi-Fi, Bluetooth and sometimes even the wireless radio. This field shows what particular system chip (or System-on-a-Chip) is used in the phone.. Processor - The processor is the main computing component of a phone and is a major factor when it comes to the overall speed of the device. Some more powerful smartphones use dual-core and quad-core processors designed to deliver greater performance.. Graphics processor - The graphics processor is important for the smooth operation of the system and especially in games and other applications that may involve complex graphics and animations.. UMTS: 850, 900, 1900, 2100 MHz. LTE (FDD): Bands 1, 3, 7, 8, 20. LG K10 (K428SG). Talk time: 14.00 hours the average is 20 h (1229 min). Stand-by time: 11.0 days (264 hours) the average is 21 days (502 h). LTE (FDD): Bands 2, 4, 12. LG K10 (MS428). Talk time: 14.00 hours the average is 20 h (1229 min). Stand-by time: 11.0 days (264 hours) the average is 21 days (502 h). LTE (FDD): Bands 2, 4, 12. Despite our efforts to provide full and correct LG K10 specifications, there is always a possibility of making a mistake. If you see any wrong or incomplete data, please LET US KNOW .. If you are interested in using our specs commercially, check out our Phone specs database licensing page.. $86 Buy. The best LG phones you can buy in 2017: high-end, midrange, and budget. AT&T starts rolling out Android 7.0 Nougat for LG K10. Best high-end, mid-range, and entry-level LG phones you can buy right now (November 2016). $6 a month for 30 months will buy you the LG K10 at AT&T. MetroPCS adds the LG K10 and Samsung Galaxy J7 to its lineup. T-Mobile is now selling the HTC 10, Samsung Galaxy J7, and LG K10. The Samsung Galaxy S9 and S9+ have game-changing cameras with variable aperture and 960fps slow-mo video recording. The Big Barcelona Camera Comparison: iPhone X vs Pixel 2 XL vs Note 8. Samsung Galaxy S9 and S9+ rumor review: Specs, design, features, price and release date. Sony presents Xperia XZ2 and XZ2 Compact: new design and Snapdragon 845. Galaxy S9 Exynos edition gets benchmarked against rivals!. Galaxy S9 first camera comparison vs iPhone X, V30, S8. Samsung Galaxy S9 & S9+ hands-on. MWC 2018: top smartphones to expect. Best smartphone you can buy in 2018. Allo is a quality app, but Google isn't giving it a real chance. All content (phone reviews, news, specs, info), design and layouts are Copyright 2001-2018 phoneArena.com. Reproduction in whole or in part or in any form or medium without written permission is prohibited! Privacy. 
account Coverage Deals Devices Plans & Services. T-mobile.com | Español Account Check your usage Coverage Deals Rebates Promotional Credits Devices Choose a device SIM cards Software updates Tutorials Plans & Services DIGITS T-Mobile ONE JUMP! Manage your data service News & Updates Ask our community Contact Us Log In / Sign Up. Support Ask our community Log in / Register Support. Error: You don't have JavaScript enabled. This tool uses JavaScript and much of it will not work correctly without it enabled. Please turn JavaScript back on and reload this page.. Log in to follow, share, and participate in this community.. Not a member? Join Now!. Find ways to contact us now. Español About Investor relations Press Careers Deutsche Telekom Puerto Rico Privacy Policy Privacy & Security Resources Consumer Information Public Safety/911 TERMS & CONDITIONS Terms of Use Accessibility Open Internet. Other T-Mobile sites My T-Mobile T-Mobile.com T-Mobile Prepaid T-Mobile Puerto Rico T-Mobile Refer-a-Friend. Popular tasks Check coverage Check order status Find a store Refill your Prepaid account Shop phones, tablets, & accessories Trade in your device Unlock your device. Business Wireless that works for your business Business support. Featured Services JUMP! Stateside International Napster unRadio. 
Our new search experience requires JavaScript to be enabled. Please enable JavaScript on your browser , then try again .. All Categories Antiques Art Baby Books Business & Industrial Cameras & Photo Cell Phones & Accessories Clothing, Shoes & Accessories Coins & Paper Money Collectibles Computers/Tablets & Networking Consumer Electronics Crafts Dolls & Bears DVDs & Movies eBay Motors Entertainment Memorabilia Gift Cards & Coupons Health & Beauty Home & Garden Jewelry & Watches Music Musical Instruments & Gear Pet Supplies Pottery & Glass Real Estate Specialty Services Sporting Goods Sports Mem, Cards & Fan Shop Stamps Tickets & Experiences Toys & Hobbies Travel Video Games & Consoles Everything Else. Hi ( Sign in to bid or buy) Daily Deals Gift Cards Help & Contact Sell. Summary Recently Viewed Bids/Offers Watch List Purchase History Selling Saved Searches Saved Sellers Messages. Refine your search for lg k10 phone. All Listings - Current page. results for lg k10 phone. Save lg k10 phone to get e-mail alerts and updates on your eBay Feed.. Unfollow lg k10 phone to stop getting updates on your eBay Feed.. You'll receive email and Feed alerts when new items arrive. Afghanistan - AFG Albania - ALB Algeria - DZA American Samoa - ASM Andorra - AND Angola - AGO Anguilla - AIA Antigua and Barbuda - ATG Argentina - ARG Armenia - ARM Aruba - ABW Australia - AUS Austria - AUT Azerbaijan Republic - AZE Bahamas - BHS Bahrain - BHR Bangladesh - BGD Barbados - BRB Belarus - BLR Belgium - BEL Belize - BLZ Benin - BEN Bermuda - BMU Bhutan - BTN Bolivia - BOL Bosnia and Herzegovina - BIH Botswana - BWA Brazil - BRA British Virgin Islands - VGB Brunei Darussalam - BRN Bulgaria - BGR Burkina Faso - BFA Burma - MMR Burundi - BDI Cambodia - KHM Cameroon - CMR Canada - CAN Cape Verde Islands - CPV Cayman Islands - CYM Central African Republic - CAF Chad - TCD Chile - CHL China - CHN Colombia - COL Comoros - COM Congo, Democratic Republic of the - COD Congo, Republic of the - COG Cook Islands - COK Costa Rica - CRI Cote d Ivoire (Ivory Coast) - CIV Croatia, Republic of - HRV Cyprus - CYP Czech Republic - CZE Denmark - DNK Djibouti - DJI Dominica - DMA Dominican Republic - DOM Ecuador - ECU Egypt - EGY El Salvador - SLV Equatorial Guinea - GNQ Eritrea - ERI Estonia - EST Ethiopia - ETH Falkland Islands (Islas Malvinas) - FLK Fiji - FJI Finland - FIN France - FRA French Guiana - GUF French Polynesia - PYF Gabon Republic - GAB Gambia - GMB Georgia - GEO Germany - DEU Ghana - GHA Gibraltar - GIB Greece - GRC Greenland - GRL Grenada - GRD Guadeloupe - GLP Guam - GUM Guatemala - GTM Guernsey - GGY Guinea - GIN Guinea-Bissau - GNB Guyana - GUY Haiti - HTI Honduras - HND Hong Kong - HKG Hungary - HUN Iceland - ISL India - IND Indonesia - IDN Ireland - IRL Israel - ISR Italy - ITA Jamaica - JAM Japan - JPN Jersey - JEY Jordan - JOR Kazakhstan - KAZ Kenya - KEN Kiribati - KIR Korea, South - KOR Kuwait - KWT Kyrgyzstan - KGZ Laos - LAO Latvia - LVA Lebanon - LBN Liechtenstein - LIE Lithuania - LTU Luxembourg - LUX Macau - MAC Macedonia - MKD Madagascar - MDG Malawi - MWI Malaysia - MYS Maldives - MDV Mali - MLI Malta - MLT Marshall Islands - MHL Martinique - MTQ Mauritania - MRT Mauritius - MUS Mayotte - MYT Mexico - MEX Micronesia - FSM Moldova - MDA Monaco - MCO Mongolia - MNG Montenegro - MNE Montserrat - MSR Morocco - MAR Mozambique - MOZ Namibia - NAM Nauru - NRU Nepal - NPL Netherlands - NLD Netherlands Antilles - ANT New Caledonia - NCL New Zealand - NZL Nicaragua - NIC Niger - NER Nigeria - NGA Niue - NIU Norway - NOR Oman - OMN Pakistan - PAK Palau - PLW Panama - PAN Papua New Guinea - PNG Paraguay - PRY Peru - PER Philippines - PHL Poland - POL Portugal - PRT Puerto Rico - PRI Qatar - QAT Reunion - REU Romania - ROU Russian Federation - RUS Rwanda - RWA Saint Helena - SHN Saint Kitts-Nevis - KNA Saint Lucia - LCA Saint Pierre and Miquelon - SPM Saint Vincent and the Grenadines - VCT San Marino - SMR Saudi Arabia - SAU Senegal - SEN Serbia - SRB Seychelles - SYC Sierra Leone - SLE Singapore - SGP Slovakia - SVK Slovenia - SVN Solomon Islands - SLB Somalia - SOM South Africa - ZAF Spain - ESP Sri Lanka - LKA Suriname - SUR Swaziland - SWZ Sweden - SWE Switzerland - CHE Taiwan - TWN Tajikistan - TJK Tanzania - TZA Thailand - THA Togo - TGO Tonga - TON Trinidad and Tobago - TTO Tunisia - TUN Turkey - TUR Turkmenistan - TKM Turks and Caicos Islands - TCA Tuvalu - TUV Uganda - UGA Ukraine - UKR United Arab Emirates - ARE United Kingdom - UK United States - USA Uruguay - URU Uzbekistan - UZB Vanuatu - VUT Vatican City State - VAT Venezuela - VEN Vietnam - VNM Virgin Islands (U.S) - VIR Wallis and Futuna - WLF Western Sahara - ESH Western Samoa - WSM Yemen - YEM Zambia - ZMB Zimbabwe - ZWE. LG K10 K425 4G LTE - 16GB 5.3" AT&T ATT Phone Used. 3 new & refurbished from $85.95. Factory Unlocked LG K10 K425 4G LTE - 16GB 5.3" (AT&T T-Mobile Metro) Blue Phone. 3 new & refurbished from $85.95. LG K10 2017 M250 Dual Sim 16GB BLACK/GOLD/GRA Y (FACTORY UNLOCKED) 5.3" BRAND NEW. Factory Unlocked LG K10 K425 4G LTE - 16GB 5.3" (AT&T T-Mobile Metro) Blue Phone. LG K10 F670 Smart Phone / White Color / 1.3GHz Ouad Core / 5.3" / 16GB / Cellpho. BRAND NEW LG K10 K425 - 16GB 4G LTE - AT&T GSM UNLOCKED Smartphone - US Warranty. Unlocked - LG K10 K425 4G LTE 5.3" HD (AT&T, T-Mobile MetroPCS) Blue Phone. LG K10 K425 16GB AT&T Unlocked GSM 1.5GB RAM Smartphone w/ 8MP Camera - Blue. LG K10 - 16GB - Gold (T-Mobile) Smartphone. LG K10 K425 4G LTE 5.3" HD (AT&T, T-Mobile MetroPCS) Blue Phone (Factory Unlock). LG K10 K425 ATT Unlocked GSM LTE Android Phone w/ 8MP Camera - Blue. LG K10 2017 4G LTE Unlocked Dual Sim M250dsF Octa Core 16GB Android 7.0 13MP NEW. UNLOCKED Metro PCS LG K10 MS428 GSM Android Gold 4G LTE GSM Smart Cell Phone. LG K10 Cell phone- no dentes or scratches- used but perfect working condition. LG K10 K425 16GB GSM Unlocked Quad-Core Smartphone (US Warranty) - Blue. LG K10 F670 Smart Phone / Black Color / 1.3GHz Ouad Core / 5.3" / 16GB / Cellpho. Brand New LG K10 2017 M250K Dual sim LTE 16GB - Black. LG K10 K425 16GB GSM Unlocked 4G LTE 5.3" 8MP Camera Phone Blue US Warranty. 3 new & refurbished from $85.95. Original LG K10 4G 16GB Single / Dual-SIM Unlocked GSM Android 5.3" Smartphone. UNLOCKED T-Mobile PCS LG K10 K428 GSM Android Gold 4G LTE GSM Smart Cell Phone. LG K10 K430DSY 16GB, Unlocked, Dual Sim, 5.3", 13MP, Choose Your Color. LG K10 F670 Smart Phone / White Color / 1.3GHz Ouad Core / 5.3" / 16GB / Cellpho. LG K10 4G Dual K430DSY Dual SIM Unlocked Check IMEI A. Metallic Silver Transparent Clear Glitter Hybrid Cover Case For LG K10 (2017). Silver Desire Back Rhinestones Protector Cover Phone Case For LG K10 (2016). LG K10 LGMS428 Gold MetroPCS Android 16GB 4G LTE GSM Unlocked T-Mobile AT&T. LG K10 F670 Smart Phone / Black Color / 1.3GHz Ouad Core / 5.3" / 16GB / Cellpho. T-Mobile PCS LG K10 K428 GSM Android Gold 4G LTE GSM Smart Cell Phone *READ*. UNLOCKED T-Mobile PCS LG K10 K428 GSM Android Gold 4G LTE Smart Phone * 9/10 *. LG K10 (LGMS428) Gold (MetroPCS) Cracked Screen Please Read🔥. LG K10 K425 - 16GB - Blue (AT&T) Smartphone. LG K10 4G LTE/5.3 Screen/Black/B rand New. LG K10 MS428 16GB GOLD METRO PCS-SMARTPHONE -SEE DESCRIPTION BD9997. LG K10 K430dsy 16GB Dual Black Gold Unlocked GSM Android Smartphone NEW. LG K10 K430dsy 16GB Dual Black Blue Unlocked GSM Android Smartphone NEW. LG K10 - 16GB - Gold (T-Mobile) Smartphone USED. LG K10 - 16GB - Gold (MetroPCS) Smartphone for parts only. LG K10 K425-16GB-Blue (AT&T) Smartphone Unlocked works in any country & carrier. Rose Gold Classy Sleek Hybrid Astronoot Protector Cover Phone Case LG K10 (2017). Diamante Frame Transparent Green Hearts Glitter Cover Phone Case LG K10 (2017). LG K10 MS428 16GBAndroid Gold (Unlocked T-Mobile) - Read Full Description #28C30. LG K10 K428 16GB Gold! For T-Mobile, Lycamobile, Metro PCS, Simple Mobile! 9/10!. Excellent LG K10 K428 16GB Gold T-Mobile, LCD White Spot, Read Details. LG K10 2017 GOLD DISPLAY 5.3" HD RAM 2GB STORAGE 16 GB +SLOT MICROSD WI-FI +. LG K10 LTE 16GB Smartphone Black International 2 pin. Cricket LG K10 K373 Android 4G LTE GSM Smart Gold Phone. LG K10 Smartphone Blue *NEW*＋Warranty !. LG K10 - 16GB - Gold K428 Smartphone Clean ESN/IMEI GSM Unlocked. LG K10 4G LTE smart phone - 16GB 5.3" (AT&T) - dark blue!!!. 3 new & refurbished from $85.95. LG K10 MS428 16GB Gold! Metro PCS+GSM Unlocked! READ DESCRIPTION!. NEW LG K10 16GB 5.3-Inch 13MP Dual SIM 4G LTE Factory Unlocked - Fedex Ship. LG K10 - 16GB - Gold (T-Mobile) Smartphone. LG K10 K430 4G Gold 16GB 5.3" Dual Sim 13MP Android Phone By FedEx. LG K10 CELL PHONE 16 GB Gold. LG K10 - 16GB - Gold K428 (T-Mobile) Smartphone Bad IMEI 14975. LG Stylus 3 LS777 K10 Pro 4G Single SIM 5.7" 16GB ROM GSM / CDMA / HSPA / LTE. LG K10 K425 - 16GB - Blue (AT&T) Smartphone. NEW LG K10 2017 (M250M) 5.3" 2GB / 16GB 13MP LTE Dual SIM UNLOCKED (Black). Dual Rose Gold Miltary Grade Armor Combo Hybrid Cover Phone Case LG K10 (2017). Four-Leaf Clover Silver & Black TUFF Hybrid Phone Protector Cover LG K10 (2016). Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Authorized Dealer, 30-Day Money Back Guaranteed. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. New - Retail Box - US Warranty - 4G LTE - Unlocked. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. eBay determines this price through a machine learned model of the product's sale prices within the last 90 days.. eBay determines trending price through a machine learned model of the product’s sale prices within the last 90 days. "New" refers to a brand-new, unused, unopened, undamaged item, and "Used" refers to an item that has been used previously.. Top Rated Plus Sellers with highest buyer ratings Returns, money back Ships in a business day with tracking Learn More. Top Rated Plus Sellers with highest buyer ratings Returns, money back Ships in a business day with tracking Learn More. $ Enter minimum price to $ Enter maximum price. Please enter a minimum and/or maximum price before continuing.. Site Map Copyright © 1995-2018 eBay Inc. Accessibility , User Agreement , Privacy , Cookies and AdChoice Norton Secured - powered by Verisign. Amounts shown in italicized text are for items listed in currency other than U.S. dollars and are approximate conversions to U.S. dollars based upon Bloomberg's conversion rates. For more recent exchange rates, please use the Universal Currency Converter. Number of bids and bid amounts may be slightly out of date. See each listing for international shipping options and costs.. 
Samsung Galaxy S9 OnePlus 5T Huawei Mate 10 Google Pixel 2 OnePlus 5. LG K10 (2018) Samsung Galaxy S9 Elephone S8 HTC U11 Eyes Honor 9 Lite. Samsung Galaxy S9 OnePlus 5T Huawei Mate 10 Google Pixel 2 OnePlus 5. Buy and sell gently used phones. The LG K10 is a mid-range Android smartphone, with release expected in Q1 2016. It features a 5.3" 720 x 1280 IPS LCD display, 13MP rear camera and either an 8MP or 5MP front camera depending on version. The K10 is powered by either a 1.2GHz quad-core processor, 1.3GHz quad-core processor or 1.14GHz octa-core processor (LTE version) and comes with either 2GB, 1.5GB or 1GB of RAM, all dependent on specific models. Internal storage comes in at either 16GB or 8GB, which can be expanded using microSD. The LG K10 is powered by a 2300mAh battery.. Xiaomi Redmi Note 5 and Redmi Note 5 Pro Forums Are Now Open for Posting. Unofficial LineageOS 15.1 brings Android 8.1 Oreo Go Edition to First Generation Android One Devices. Take Control of your Phone’s Rotation with “Rotation” Orientation Manager. Customize Samsung Experience 9.0 and Android Oreo on the Samsung Galaxy S8/S8+ with this Xposed Module. MX Player is Recruiting Users for a New Private Beta Testing Program. Dreaming Battery is a Minimalist Screensaver for Displaying your Battery Level. Having troubles with your Ad Blocker? This app adds a Quick Settings tile for easy Ad Block toggling. LG K10 Guides, News, & Discussion. LG K10 ROMs, Kernels, Recoveries, & Other Development. LG K10 Themes, Apps and Mods. LG K10 Questions & Answers LG K10 Guides, News, & Discussion LG K10 ROMs, Kernels, Recoveries, & Other Development LG K10 Themes, Apps and Mods LG K10 Accessories. [REQUEST] AT&T LG K20 (LG-M255) root method. More LG K10 Questions & Answers Threads. LG K10 Guides, News, & Discussion. "Friendly" root method for lg k8 and k10 [MTK]. [GUIDE] Downloading .KDZ from LG BRIDGE. [GUIDE][LG K10 2017][M250X][ONLY TESTING] Bootloader Unlock. TWRP for K420n (HardwareRevision 1.2) ?. More LG K10 Guides, News, & Discussion Threads. LG K10 ROMs, Kernels, Recoveries, & Other Development. No root 4k / fhd60 video record. More LG K10 ROMs, Kernels, Recoveries, & Other Development Threads. LG K10 Themes, Apps and Mods. Pixel 2 Launcher for LG M250. UX 5.0 Launcher for LG K10 (without app drawer). [No Root]Stock Camera apps ported from other devices. More LG K10 Themes, Apps and Mods Threads. Wireless charging solution for LG K10. Original LG Quick Cover for K 10. Samsung Evo 128 GB microSD card works with the MS428. ---- XDA 2013 Beta - 1024. XDA Developers was founded by developers, for developers. It is now a valuable resource for people who want to make the most of their mobile devices, from customizing the look and feel to adding new functionality. Are you a developer? | Terms of Service. 
Ver todos los videos en YouTube. El LG K10 cuenta con una pantalla HD de 5.3 pulgadas, y tendrá tres variantes con 1GB, 1.5GB o 2GB de RAM. La versión 3G tiene un procesador quad-core a 1.3GHz, mientras que la versión LTE tendrá un chip quad-core pero de 1.2GHz o 1.3GHz, o bien octa-core a 1.14GHz. El almacenamiento interno es de 8GB o 16GB y las cámaras son de 13 MP atrás y 8MP o 5MP al frente para la versión LTE y 8 MP atrás y 8MP o 5MP al frente para la versión 3G y una batería de 2300 mAh mantiene activo al smartphone.. Reviews de usuarios del LG K10. basado en 5 experiencias. GSM 850 / 900 / 1800 / 1900 - HSDPA - LTE (versión LTE). 146 x 74.8 x 8.8 mm. LCD IPS touchscreen capacitivo, 16M colores. 720 x 1280 pixels, 5.3 pulgadas. - Sensor acelerómetro para auto rotación. - Sensor de proximidad para auto apagado. - Conector de audio 3.5 mm. Entradas y campos prácticamente ilimitados, Foto de llamada. - 8GB/16GB memoria interna, 1GB/1.5GB/2GB RAM. - Procesador quad-core 1.3GHz (3G) / quad-core 1.2GHz o 1.3GHz o octa-core 1.14GHz (LTE). SMS, MMS, Email, Push Mail, IM. 13 MP (LTE) / 8 MP (3G), autofocus, flash LED, foco táctil, detección de rostro y sonrisa, geo-tagging, video, cámara frontal 8 MP o 5 MP. - GPS con soporte A-GPS y GLONASS. - Wi-Fi 802.11 a/b/g/n/ac; Wi-Fi Direct; banda dual. Hay 197 opiniones del LG K10 .. en mi lg K 10 me aparece FIRMWARE UPDATE DO NOT UNPLUG THE USB CENNECTION UNTIL THE PROCESS IS COMPLETE, no se lo puedo quitar, lo enciende y queda asi alguien sabe como puedo arreglarlo.. En mi celular no se actualiza instagram u n la k10 los gifs en especifico ..si tiene alguna ayuda para mi lo agradezco. muy bueno el movil :). Yo tengo él LG K10 desde hace 7 meses pensé que iba a ser lo máximo, pero me equivoque no tengo buena cobertura donde vivo, solo tengo señal 2G.. Recientemente acabo de comprar un hawei y nítido me gusta esa mucho mejor.. Compré un LG k10 y no me trabaja 4G LTE you quisiera saber si es por la banda o que?. Yo tengo un LG K10 y me anda perfectamente , sin errores. Tengo el LG k10 y se re calienta mucho y la aplicación de musica no anda. En telefono se me a apagado sale un simbolo de USB, cn el nombre encima FIRMWARE UPDATE. I no desconectar asta que el proceso termine. Lleva1 hora I no a empezado, esta al 0%.. tengo un lg k10 y no puedo penderlo aparece un triangulo amarillo con un simbolo de exclamacion y °C, alguien me podria decir a que se debe y como puedo solucionarlo? muchas gracias. Hola, tengo un k10 y es excelente, solo hay que saber optimizar el aparato. Si q tiene puntos débiles, pero en otros es mejor q los q "dicen ser " me explico?. Exelente señal , no se cuelga, no reinicia, me dura bastante la batería y eso que le doy caña. Las fotos bien sacadas , son excelentes. Recomiendo la app de cámara de Google , enfoca al toque y le saca provecho. Hay que ver q versión tiene cada cual. Hay otros q ni sikiera tienen ... Ver todas las Opiniones del LG K10 - Total de opiniones de usuarios: 197. Tu experiencia o preguntas sobre el LG K10. - Sé preciso en la pregunta sobre el LG K10. - Cuenta tus experiencias positivas y negativas. - No insultes, ni uses palabras groseras, si es así probablemente tu opinión se elimine. - Recuerda que smartGSM NO vende móviles ni celulares. Tu opinión vale! Recomienda (o no!) al LG K10 a otros usuarios. El LG Stylus 3 se renueva y sale al mercado brasileño como LG K10 Pro. LG K10 debuta en Corea el 14 de enero. Sony presenta dos nuevos flagships con nuevo lenguaje de diseño: los esperados Sony Xperia XZ2 y Xperia XZ2 Compact. Una alternativa más confiable para desbloquear la pantalla del Samsung Galaxy S9/S9+: Intelligent Scan. Dos propuestas de mediana a baja gama de ZTE: Blade V9 y Blade V9 VITA, dos modelos con ligeras diferencias. Podría ocurrir que se repitan en otro lado, pero las cámaras del Samsung Galaxy S9/S9+ son algo único. Presentación oficial: el Samsung Galaxy S9/S9+ no viene con muchas sorpresas, pero igualmente deslumbra. SmartGSM es una de las comunidades de habla hispana más grandes sobre teléfonos celulares. Fundado en el 2004, smartGSM cubre todas las noticias y novedades sobre telefonía móvil y provee características de teléfonos celulares, smartphones, tablets y wearables. smartGSM cuenta con una comunidad de usuarios que reflejan sus experiencias, opiniones y críticas sobre teléfonos celulares y tablets.. Las especificaciones de los celulares son a título informativo y pueden variar. smartGSM no se responsabiliza del uso de las mismas.. Copyright © 2004 - 2018 smart-gsm.com. 
Looks like you really like Pricena! To continue browsing we need to make sure you are human :) Just check the box below and you're good to go.. If this doesn't work, please get in touch with us on info[at]pricena.com.. 
more ... more .... more ... more .... OS Android (7.0, 6.0), LG UX UI. Dimensions 5.77 x 2.94 x 0.35 inches (146.6 x 74.8 x 8.8 mm). Weight 4.94 oz (140 g) the average is 5.6 oz (159 g). Resolution 720 x 1280 pixels. Features Scratch-resistant glass (Corning Gorilla Glass 3), Ambient light sensor, Proximity sensor. Pixel density - The pixel density of a display represents the number of pixels over an area of one inch. It’s measured in “pixels per inch”, or ppi. The higher the number, the more detailed and good-looking the display is.. Technology - There are two main screen technologies currently used in phones and tablets: LCD and AMOLED. The former usually features a light source and liquid crystals, while the latter is based on organic light-emitting diodes. Newer LCD variations like IPS-LCD and Super-LCD allow for very accurate color reproduction and very wide viewing angles, where no significant image quality loss is observed. Current AMOLED screens differ in such a way that they can exhibit much more saturated colors (sometimes too much) and incredibly high contrast levels, which is due to black color being completely black in AMOLED displays.. Screen-to-body ratio - Shows what part of the frontal area of a phone its screen occupies.. Software Features Digital image stabilization, Touch to focus, Voice activation, Self-timer, Digital zoom, Geo tagging. Camcorder 1280x720 (720p HD) (30 fps). Features Picture-taking during video recording, Video calling, Video sharing. Quad-core, 1300 MHz, ARM Cortex-A7, 28 nm. System chip - Most modern handsets use an advanced chip that includes many of the device’s hardware modules like the processor, Wi-Fi, Bluetooth and sometimes even the wireless radio. This field shows what particular system chip (or System-on-a-Chip) is used in the phone.. Processor - The processor is the main computing component of a phone and is a major factor when it comes to the overall speed of the device. Some more powerful smartphones use dual-core and quad-core processors designed to deliver greater performance.. Graphics processor - The graphics processor is important for the smooth operation of the system and especially in games and other applications that may involve complex graphics and animations.. System memory - System memory, or RAM memory is the type of memory that the device uses to temporarily store data from the OS or currently-running apps. The more RAM available to the device, the better the performance will be when multiple or heavier programs are running.. Built-in storage - Bigger storage capacity allows you to keep more content saved onto your device, such as more applications, photos or video. Games and video content typically take up the biggest amount of storage space.. Storage expansion - Some handsets allow you to expand their storage capacity by using a memory expansion card – most often microSD. Expansion memory is mostly suitable for media storage, such as photo, video or music content.. Talk time 13.70 hours the average is 20 h (1229 min). Stand-by time 19.0 days (456 hours) the average is 21 days (502 h). Capacity - The bigger, the better! However, battery capacity is not the only factor that has an effect on battery life. Those include the chipset in use, the software running on the device, as well as the consumer's unique usage pattern.. Filter by Album, Artist, Genre, Playlists. Features Album art cover, Background playback. GSM 850, 900, 1800, 1900 MHz. LTE (FDD) Bands 2, 4, 5, 12. Notifications Haptic feedback, Music ringtones (MP3), Polyphonic ringtones, Vibration, Flight mode, Silent mode, Speakerphone. Other features Voice dialing, Voice commands, Voice recording, TTY/TDD. Wi-Fi 802.11 b, g, n, dual-band. Features Mass storage device, USB charging. Other NFC, UMA (Wi-Fi Calling), Tethering, Computer sync, OTA sync. Positioning - This field shows the positioning systems supported by the device. The most common types are GPS and A-GPS.. GPS - This is one of the most widespread global positioning technologies, developed and maintained by the U.S. It uses satellites in order to detect your location. A-GPS - A-GPS stands for Assisted GPS and is the industry standard for positioning and navigation. “Assisted” means that it can use local wireless networks, in addition to satellites, for quicker and more precise localization.. To see the full specifications with in-depth details click here.. $86 Buy. Samsung Galaxy A8 (2018) Review 6.5. Sony Xperia XA2 and Xperia XA2 Ultra Review 7.8. Huawei Mate 10 Lite Review 8. Jabra Elite 65t wireless earphones Review 8.5. Samsung Galaxy Note 3 vs Samsung Galaxy Note 2. LG V30 Review 8.8. The Samsung Galaxy S9 and S9+ have game-changing cameras with variable aperture and 960fps slow-mo video recording. The Big Barcelona Camera Comparison: iPhone X vs Pixel 2 XL vs Note 8. Samsung Galaxy S9 and S9+ rumor review: Specs, design, features, price and release date. Sony presents Xperia XZ2 and XZ2 Compact: new design and Snapdragon 845. Galaxy S9 Exynos edition gets benchmarked against rivals!. Galaxy S9 first camera comparison vs iPhone X, V30, S8. Samsung Galaxy S9 & S9+ hands-on. MWC 2018: top smartphones to expect. Best smartphone you can buy in 2018. Allo is a quality app, but Google isn't giving it a real chance. All content (phone reviews, news, specs, info), design and layouts are Copyright 2001-2018 phoneArena.com. Reproduction in whole or in part or in any form or medium without written permission is prohibited! Privacy. 
Select the department you want to search in. Sign in Your Account Try Prime Your Lists Basket. Your Amazon.co.uk Today's Deals Gift Cards & Top Up Sell Help. Amazon.co.uk Today's Deals Warehouse Deals Outlet Subscribe & Save Vouchers Amazon Family Amazon Prime Amazon Pantry Prime Video Prime Student Mobile Apps Amazon Pickup Locations Amazon Assistant. 1-16 of over 1,000 results for "LG K10". See all results for LG K10 .. LG K10 2017 SIM Free Smartphone - Black. Product Description LG Electronics LG K10 2017 Black LGM250NAGBRBK Phones Mobile Phones. LG K8 2017 SIM Free Smartphone - Titan. LG K10 Unlocked 4G Smartphone (5.3-Inch Screen, 16GB,. LG K4 2017 SIM Free Smartphone - Black. LG K10 2017 M250E dual-sim 4G LTE smartphone with 5.3" display - Black. Only 6 left in stock - order soon.. LG K10 2017 Case Rose Gold,LG K10 2017 Case Shockproof,LG K10 2017 Case Flip UP PU Leather Wallet,EMAXELERS LG K10 2017 Case Silicone,LG K10 2017 Case Leather,LG K10 2017 Case Elegant Retro Lucky Clover Pattern Pu Leather Flip Wallet Stand Case,LG K10 2017 Case for Girls With Card Holder Shocoproof Painting Slim Case Cover with Card Slots for LG K10 2017,Gray Clover with Butterfly and Diamonds. Only 1 left in stock - order soon.. Product Features Compatible Model: LG K10 2017 Only. LG K8 UK SIM-Free Smartphone - Blue. Only 5 left in stock - order soon.. LG K10 (2017) Android Smartphone on EE Pay as you go. your calls connected on the LG K10 (2017). Use our WiFi and 4G .... SMTR LG K10 (2017) Premium Leather Wallet case Cover Leather Wallet Flip Cover with magnetic clasp for LG K10 2017 Smart Phone-Black. LG K10 Case 2017,LG K10 2017 Case Silicone,LG K10 2017 / LG K20 V / LG K20 Plus / LG LV5 Case Glitter Transparent Slicone TPU Liquid Cover,EMAXELERS LG K10 2017 Case Bling Glitter Stars Flowing Liquid Floating Sparkle Bling Glitter Scratch Resistant Ultra Slim Clear TPU Gel Rubber Soft Skin Silicone Protective Case Cover For LG LV5 / LG K10 2017 / K20 Plus + 1 Stylus Pen,Star:Purple. Only 12 left in stock - order soon.. Product Features Compatible Model: LG LV5 / LG K10 / K20 Plus.. LG K10 2017 Case Black,LG K10 2017 Wallet Case,LG K10 2017 Case Flip PU Leather,EMAXELERS LG K10 2017 Leather Case,LG K10 2017 Case Silicone,LG K10 2017 Case Cute Butterfly Pattern Pu Leather Flip Wallet Stand Case,LG K10 2017 Case for Girls With Card Holder Shocoproof Butterfly Flower Design Painting Slim Case Cover with Card Slots for LG K10 2017 + Stylus Pen,Light Purple Butterfly. White Genuine 1.8A LG Mains Adapter Charger With LG Cable Compatible For LG Mobiles With Micro USB Port LG G2 G3 G4 K3 K4 K5 K8 K10 (No Retail Packaging - Bulk Packaging). 6x Savvies Screen Protector for LG K10 (2017) - Protection-Film, HD Crystal-Clear, Bubble-Free. silicone adhesive layer, the LG K10 Screen Protector can be easily .... GENUINE ORIGINAL LG® REPLACEMENT BATTERY BL-46G1F FOR K10 2017 M250 2800mAH - EAC63360001. LG K10 TEMPERED GLASS SCREEN PROTECTOR FROM GADGET BOXX. 4 Stars & Up & Up. 3 Stars & Up & Up. 2 Stars & Up & Up. 1 Star & Up & Up. Wallets, Card Cases & Money Organizers. Prime members enjoy fast & free shipping, unlimited streaming of movies and TV shows with Prime Video and many more exclusive benefits.. There's a problem loading this menu at the moment.. Careers About Us UK Modern Slavery Statement Sell on Amazon Sell on Amazon Business Associates Programme Fulfilment by Amazon Advertise Your Products Independently Publish with Us Amazon Pay Become an Amazon Vendor › See all Amazon Platinum Mastercard Amazon Classic Mastercard Amazon Money Store Gift Cards Amazon Currency Converter Payment Methods Help Shop with Points Top Up Your Account Track Packages or View Orders Delivery Rates & Policies Amazon Prime Returns & Replacements Manage Your Content and Devices Amazon Mobile App Amazon Assistant Help. Australia Brazil Canada China France Germany India Italy Japan Mexico Netherlands Spain United States. Amazon Music Stream millions of songs. AbeBooks Books, art & collectables. ACX Audiobook Publishing Made Easy. Amazon Web Services Scalable Cloud Computing Services. Audible Download Audio Books. Book Depository Books With Free Delivery Worldwide. DPReview Digital Photography. Goodreads Book reviews & recommendations. IMDb Movies, TV & Celebrities. Junglee.com Shop Online in India. Kindle Direct Publishing Indie Digital Publishing Made Easy. Prime Now 2-Hour Delivery on Everyday Essentials. Shopbop Designer Fashion Brands. Yoyo.com A Happy Place To Shop For Toys. Souq.com Shop Online in the Middle East. Warehouse Deals Deep Discounts Open-Box Products. Amazon Business Service for business customers. Whole Foods Market We Believe in Real Food. Conditions of Use & Sale Privacy Notice Cookies & Internet Advertising © 1996-2018, Amazon.com, Inc. 
account Coverage Deals Devices Plans & Services. T-mobile.com | Español Account Check your usage Coverage Deals Rebates Promotional Credits Devices Choose a device SIM cards Software updates Tutorials Plans & Services DIGITS T-Mobile ONE JUMP! Manage your data service News & Updates Ask our community Contact Us Log In / Sign Up. Support Ask our community Log in / Register Support. Error: You don't have JavaScript enabled. This tool uses JavaScript and much of it will not work correctly without it enabled. Please turn JavaScript back on and reload this page.. Identify the device's current software version Drag down the notification bar and tap the Settings icon at the top-right. Tap General > About phone. (If using List view, scroll down to PHONE MANAGEMENT,' then tap About phone .) Tap Software info. Read the Software version on the phone, and check it below. Review software version details VERSION RELEASE DATE ENHANCEMENTS STATUS July 5, 2017 Available July 5, 2017 March 27, 2017 January 30, 2017 November 21, 2016 Google security improvements September 28, 2016 Google security improvements Determine update requirements 50% or higher battery life Wi-Fi data connection File size of update: 1122.44 MB Update software versions Update automatically over the air (OTA) for K42810f Drag down the notification bar and tap the Settings icon at the top-right. Tap General > About phone. (If using List view, scroll down to PHONE MANAGEMENT,' then tap About phone .) Tap Update Center > System updates > Check for update. If an update is available, tap download and install.. Use this page to identify software versions for the LG K10 as well as details on recent software updates.. Identify the device's current software version Review software version details Determine update requirements Update software versions. Software stability and minor bug fixes. If customers' devices meet the update requirements below, they can upgrade to the most current software version. Software stability and minor bug fixes. If customers' devices meet the update requirements below, they can upgrade to the most current software version. If customers' devices meet the update requirements below, they can upgrade to the most current software version. If customers' devices meet the update requirements below, they can upgrade to the most current software version. If customers' devices meet the update requirements below, they can upgrade to the most current software version.. If customers' devices meet the update requirements below, they can upgrade to the most current software version.. Customers' devices must meet the following requirements to update their software to the most current version:. Are you sure you want to delete this document?. Find ways to contact us now. Español About Investor relations Press Careers Deutsche Telekom Puerto Rico Privacy Policy Privacy & Security Resources Consumer Information Public Safety/911 TERMS & CONDITIONS Terms of Use Accessibility Open Internet. Other T-Mobile sites My T-Mobile T-Mobile.com T-Mobile Prepaid T-Mobile Puerto Rico T-Mobile Refer-a-Friend. Popular tasks Check coverage Check order status Find a store Refill your Prepaid account Shop phones, tablets, & accessories Trade in your device Unlock your device. Business Wireless that works for your business Business support. Featured Services JUMP! Stateside International Napster unRadio. 
