GSM / CDMA / HSPA / EVDO / LTE. GSM 850 / 900 / 1800 / 1900 - SIM 1 & SIM 2 (dual-SIM model only). CDMA 800 / 1900 - LS450. HSDPA 850 / 900 / 1900 / 2100 - K100. HSDPA 850 / 1700(AWS) / 1900 - LS450. LTE band 1(2100), 3(1800), 7(2600), 8(900), 20(800) - K100. LTE band 2(1900), 4(1700/2100), 5(850), 12(700), 25(1900), 26(850), 41(2500) - LS450. HSPA 21.1/5.76 Mbps, LTE Cat4 150/50 Mbps. 133.8 x 67.7 x 9.4 mm (5.27 x 2.67 x 0.37 in). Single SIM (Nano-SIM) or Dual SIM (Nano-SIM, dual stand-by). IPS LCD capacitive touchscreen, 16M colors. 4.5 inches, 55.8 cm 2 (~61.6% screen-to-body ratio). 480 x 854 pixels, 16:9 ratio (~218 ppi density). Mediatek MT6737M - K100 Qualcomm MSM8909 Snapdragon 210 - LS450. Quad-core 1.1 GHz Cortex-A53 Quad-core 1.1 GHz Cortex-A7. microSD, up to 32 GB (dedicated slot). 5 MP - K100; 5 MP, LED flash - LS450. Wi-Fi 802.11 b/g/n, Wi-Fi Direct, hotspot. SMS(threaded view), MMS, Email, Push Mail, IM. We can not guarantee that the information on this page is 100% correct. LG K3 - user opinions and reviews. i put a micro sd card in my LG K3 LTE fone but it does not show when i check fone memory. I agree about the touch on the screen its hard work sometimes.There is also a feeling of the case not shutting properly after opening to put battery in .If someone knows how to sort the screen problem it would be greatly appreciated or else its going.... The phone is not bad for a phone with such price and such specs. If you want better phone then use your credit cards better :). Samsung Apple Nokia Sony LG HTC Motorola Huawei Microsoft Lenovo Xiaomi Google Acer Asus Oppo OnePlus Meizu BlackBerry Alcatel ZTE Toshiba Vodafone Energizer XOLO Lava Micromax BLU Gionee vivo LeEco Panasonic HP YU verykool Maxwest Plum. LG K4 LG K3 (2017) Xiaomi Redmi Note 5 Pro Motorola Moto E3 Power Xiaomi Mi 3 HTC One mini 2. LG V30 LG G6 LG Q6 LG V20 LG G5 LG K10 (2018). 
To properly experience our LG.com website,. you will need to use an alternate browser or upgrade to a newer version of internet Explorer (IE9 or greater).. Right click at the top of your browser and make sure the “Menu Bar” option is selected. Select “Tools” from the menu bar and then select “Compatibility View settings”. In the pop-up menu uncheck all three boxes and click “Close”. Your browser window will automatically refresh and you’ll be ready to go. The LG.com website utilizes responsive design to provide convenient experience that conforms to your devices screen size. In order to get the best possible experience our LG.COM website please follow below instructions.. If you’re using Internet Explorer 8 or earlier, you will need to use an alternate browser such as Firefox or Chrome or upgrade to a newer version of internet Explorer (IE9 or greater) .. If you’re using Internet Explorer 9 and higher, turn off your Internet Explorer browser’s “Compatibility View settings” by following steps below:. LG SIGNATURE Products Support. Products OLED TVs Refrigerators Washers Dryers Air Purifiers Ranges Dishwashers. Mobile TV/Audio/Video Appliances Computers. Cell Phones Discover the LG V30 Discover the LG G6 All Phones AT&T Phones Sprint Phones T-Mobile Phones Verizon Phones US Cellular Phones Unlocked Phones. Bluetooth Headsets & Headphones All Bluetooth Headsets & Headphones Shop Headsets & Headphones Accessories Discover LG TONE Headsets & Headphones. Mobile Accessories All Mobile Accessories Wireless Keyboards Cell Phone Batteries Cell Phone Cradles & Chargers Cell Phones Covers & Cases. The Big Screen that Fits in Your Hand. TVs All TVs OLED TVs SUPER UHD TVs 4K Ultra HD TVs LED TVs. Home Audio All Home Audio Sound Bars Shelf Stereo & Loud Speaker Systems Bluetooth & Wireless Speakers Dolby Atmos Home Theater Smart Speakers Speakers with Meridian Audio. Home Video Blu-ray & DVD Players Projectors. TV Audio Video Accessories Remotes TV Wall Mounts 3D Glasses. Refrigerators Discover LG InstaView™ Door-in-Door® All Refrigerators Door-in-Door® LG InstaView™ Door-in-Door® French Door Side-by-Side Bottom Freezer Top Freezer Counter-Depth Kimchi/Specialty Foods. Cooking Appliances All Cooking Appliances Discover NeoChef™ Microwaves Ranges & Ovens Wall Ovens Cooktops Microwave Ovens Hoods. Dishwashers Discover QuadWash™ Top Control Dishwashers Front Control Dishwashers. Kitchen Accessories Refrigerator Filters All Kitchen Accessories Replacement Oven Knobs. Washers All Washers Discover LG SideKick™ Front Load Washers TWIN Load Washers LG SideKick™ Pedestal Washers Top Load Washers. Dryers Gas Dryers Electric Dryers. Steam Clothing Care System LG Styler. Air Care Solutions Air Purifiers Dehumidifiers. Vacuum Cleaners Robot Vacuum Cleaners Stick Vacuums. Knock Twice and See What's Inside. For Small Loads That Are a Big Deal. Consumer Monitors All Monitors Gaming Monitors 4K / 5K Monitors 21:9 UltraWide® Monitors UltraFine™ Monitors IPS Monitors LED Monitors. Commercial Monitors Desktop Monitors 21:9 UltraWide Monitors Medical Monitors Zero Client 4K UHD UltraFine™ Monitors. Burners & Drives All Burners & Drives Blu-ray Burners and Drives DVD Burners and Drives. Additional Support MyLG Account Parts & Accessories Document Upload Announcements Works with Voice Assistant. Repair Services Request a Repair Track Repair Locate Repair Provider LG Direct Service LG Authorized Service Center. Contact Us Chat & Email Telephone Twitter Support Ask the Community Facebook Support. Business Support Business Support Home Request RA Request SWAP Track RA or SWAP Status Business Warranty Enhanced Service Plan Five-Star Service. Top Searches LG Bridge LG PC Suite Smart Share Mobile Support TV Support. Discover Our Newest Collection of TV, Appliance and Mobile Accessories. Extend your protection for years to come with the additional peace of mind of LG Premium Care.. Step-by-Step Guide by Device and Cable Connector.. Search Search. Welcome Sign out. Meet the wow factor! Impress at every occasion with a sleek design that fits perfectly in-hand, and a screen that makes all your colors pop.. Using Gesture Interval Shot, raise your hand and make a fist twice to take 4 awesome selfies in sequence.. The night is your time to shine! Take brilliant selfies with a screen that lights up around the photo preview.. Life moves quickly… and the LG K3 does too!. Browse the web and play games at lightning speed, plus stream videos smoothly with processing power.. 1.1 GHz Quad-Core Processor (Qualcomm® MSM8909). 8 GB ROM (up to 3.10 GB usable) - expandable via microSD™ card (sold separately). Compact Design & Comfortable Grip, Quick & Easy Selfie Camera, Selfie Light & Illuminated. Adjust keyboard height and layout for convenient and customized access. Quickly access Capture+ or the camera when the screen is locked or off. Minimize the battery consumption through efficient UX control. Write or draw on nearly any screen and then save to QuickMemo®+ or Gallery. Create memos and then add text, images, screen captures and more; schedule memos to. appear at certain times using time or location inputs. Text, Picture, Video, and Audio Messaging†. Multilanguage Support for Phone and Keyboard Input. Keep your phone unlocked when you have a trusted Bluetooth® device connected, when. it’s in a familiar location, when a trusted voice or face is detected, and more. Unique ringtone created for each caller based on phone numbers. Provides an easier interface for beginners with a simpler layout and larger font size. Create a 6-8 point tapping pattern for security and direct access to the home screen. Double tap the screen to put your phone to sleep/ wake it without picking it up or. Password/pattern protect your memos in QuickMemo+. Some owner content may still be accessible to a user who enables Content Lock.. Video Player with Touch Lock, Play on Lock Screen, and Resume Play Function. Supports 3GP, 3G2, MKV, WebM, AVI, MPG, FLV, TS, OGM and MP4 formats. Customizable Video Screen Ratio, Subtitle Settings, Play on Lock Screen, Screenshot,. Music Player with Shuffle and Repeat Modes. Supports MP3, M4A, AAC, AAC+, eAAC+, FLAC, WAV, Ogg, MIDI, PCM, OPUS, and AMR formats. Organized by songs, albums, artists, genres, playlists, favorites, and folders. Switch portrait/landscape view; control games by turning/tilting phone*. Transfer files or synchronize with Windows® Media Player.**. Only available with certain actions on the touch screen. 5 MP Rear-Facing Camera with Flash and HD Camcorder. VGA Front-Facing Camera and VGA Camcorder. Up to 2560 x 1920* pixels. Take selfies automatically using face detection. Use voice commands to capture a photo. Take selfies with a simple hand gesture. Make a simple hand gesture twice to take four selfies on a timer. Screen will illuminate a soft light around the photo preview for well-lit selfies. Hold the shutter button to take multiple shots quickly. Choose to take a picture/video 3 or 10 seconds after you press the shutter/record. Pause and start in record mode for one continuous video file. Take still shots while recording video. Enhance your photos by adding filters, adjusting brightness, and more. Include location information with photos and videos. Available only on rear-facing camera or camcorder. Available only on front-facing camera or camcorder.. Share a 4G LTE data connection with up to 8 compatible wireless devices**. Share your phone’s Internet connection with your computer and other Bluetooth-capable. A2DP, AVRCP, GAVDP, HFP, PBAP, HSP, HID, SDAP, GOEP, SPP, MAP, PAN, HDP, OPP, DI,. Qualcomm® IZat™ Support for Enhanced Location Accuracy. Boost Mobile’s 4G LTE Network not available everywhere. 800/850/1900 MHz CDMA, LTE Bands 2/4/5/12/25/26/41, UMTS Bands 2/4/5, GSM 850/900/1800/1900. 1.1 GHz Quad-Core Processor (Qualcomm® MSM8909). 5.27" (H) x 2.67" (W) x 0.37" (D). 16.7M Color TFT, 854 x 480 pixels, 4.5" (FWVGA). 8 GB ROM (up to 3.10 GB usable). Actual battery time may vary depending on network connectivity and application use. Bluetooth Stereo Headset (LG TONE Active,™ LG TONE ULTRA,™ LG TONE PRO,™ LG TONE INFINIM™). Headset (LG TONE Active,™ LG TONE ULTRA,™ LG TONE PRO,™ LG TONE INFINIM™). Rated 5 out of. Transfer from old phe is a snap. Rated 1 out of. Boost sent me this phone as my Samsung in being repaired and still under warranty. They claim this is a huge perk to have a loaner phone. The phone arrived 2 days after my Samsung quit working. Tiny screen, small, keypad and I can't put ANY apps on it as it has hardly any memory. In addition, my contacts didn't transfer because the phone can't handle hardly any memory. The phone retails for $20-30 and this is their way for treating a loyal customer for 4 years. I asked why they don't have refurbished phones (ones of nicer quality) at their Boost stores that you could "rent" while your phone is being fixed, instead of a 2-3 day wait time and then sending you a phone that you cannot even fully use. The agreed to credit my account $10 for the hassle. Not to mention it took me 4 hours and 5 representatives to try and solve the problem of this phone not working. We run our business line through Boost and now we are planning to switch. You also cannot submit this review unless you agree to be part of their email list. Rated 2 out of. I got this phone as a last resort. That's exactly what it should be. Storage is awful; LG has limited the SD card capabilities to only allow file transfers.. Rated 1 out of. Worst phone, glitchy, wont let you transfer files. I would never recommend this product to anyone as long as i live. Rated 1 out of. I got his phone while another phone with cracked screen is in repair shop the 8gb internal mem on phone is full of completely useless apps i will never use and you cant delete them. I have only one app i added only one and memory is completely full then it wont send or recieve text because it pops up memory too full to send recieve messages. I also added a 32 gb memory card but nothing can be moved there besides photos. I cant add anything i want on this phone only whats there oh and because mem is full it cant update the useless apps or phone either. I gave this one star it doesnt deserve that. Be glad to get my old phone back and trash this in dumpster.. Rated 2 out of. I understand that this may never a Android update, but at least add more storage to the hardware. Rated 5 out of. I dont know what the other reviews are complaining about. I have none of those probs. Its simple and easy to use. Works with my kindle fire charger so that's a bonus. Rated 3 out of. Have had it for a month now, and when I first got it and turned it on it was very annoying with it voice commands.. It has far to many apps loaded on it that I will never use, or are useless to most people. Put on the basics and let US add what WE want. The battery dies way to fast and I hardly use it. I clean it up often, but that doesnt seem to help. Screen touch is good, but a screen saver seems to have effected this. I am still learning things with this phone, and wish I could get the Google search box off my home screen and get it to go to a 2nd screen I can swipe to. I also dont care for the keyboards, neither of them has a true back button like my actual keyboard on my old phone, but I am dealing with it. It just very annoying to take extra steps just to back space w/o deleting. So its a decent phone for beginners or those who cant afford something more.. LG TONE PRO® Bluetooth® Wireless Stereo Headset. LG Power Tank - 10,000 mAh Portable Battery Charger & Power Pack. LG TONE Active+™ Bluetooth® Wireless Stereo Headset. We're here to support you with our product. Get the most out of your ownership. Help yourself to helpful product information. Learn how to install & operate your LG product. More help with your LG product. Contact us for any support inquiries.. Chat with an LG Support Representative. Tweet @LGUSSupport for Support.. No time to chat? Send LG Support your inquiry.. LG X power™ | Boost Mobile. LG X charge | Boost Mobile. LG Stylo™ 3 | Boost Mobile. FIND AN AUTHORIZED STORE NEAR YOU. Whether you're searching for basic cell phones, state-of-the-art smartphones or something in between, it's all at your fingertips. Designed for the way you live, LG cell phones give you access to the latest technology and newest features, plus all the essentials—like talk and text messaging. If you're not sure what kind of phone you need, we can even help you find the right device. Just take a look at the type of phones we offer and find the category that best matches your needs. Basic: Boasting compact, stylish designs our basic phones give you the power to talk and text with ease—and typically come with a camera to help you capture special moments. Some may even come equipped with QWERTY keyboards, music players, and access to apps. Smartphones: Featuring access to ultra-fast processors, the latest apps, high-resolution cameras, HD displays, sophisticated designs and the newest technology, smartphones make it easy to stay organized and entertained on the go. Android: Boasting intuitive Android operating systems, these LG phones give you lightning-fast connections to the information you want. Plus, with available HD displays, high-resolution cameras, innovative security features, organizational tools, and access to thousands of apps, they're perfect for anyone with an on-the-go lifestyle. Touchscreen: Available with a wide range of features, our touchscreen cell phones give you the power to do more with just a tap. And with their available high-resolution cameras, HD displays, stylish designs and innovative technology, our touchscreen mobiles make it easy to find the perfect phone for the way you live. QWERTY Keyboard: Along with many of the same great features available on our smartphones, QWERTY devices also feature slide-out keyboards for those who prefer a more tactile experience. Processors that fit your speed: For the ultimate in speed and seamless multitasking, LG offers dual-core, quad-core , hexa-core and octa-core devices that give you fast access to your favorite apps and programs, and a host of state-of-the-art features. For added style and functionality, you can personalize your LG cell phone with the latest accessories. From cases and covers to headphones and chargers, our innovative collection makes it easy to get more from your go-to mobile device. Browse our newest cell phone accessories and upgrade your phone your way.. Design, features and specifications subject to change without notice. Some features in videos may not be available on all models. Please refer to the TECHNICAL SPECIFICATIONS tab for a complete list of features by model. *Prices, promotions and availability may vary by store and online. Prices subject to change without notice. Check with your local retailers for final price and availability.. LG SIGNATURE LG SIGNATURE Brand Story LG SIGNATURE Products Products OLED TVs Refrigerators Washers Dryers Air Purifiers Ranges Dishwashers Cell Phones All Phones AT&T Phones Sprint Phones T-Mobile Phones Verizon Phones US Cellular Phones Unlocked Phones Boost Mobile Phones Cricket Phones Metro PCS Phones TracFone Phones Virgin Mobile Phones Xfinity Phones Smartphones Android Phones 4G LTE Phones Quad-core Phones Budget Phones Basic Phones Prepaid / No Contract Phones G Series Phones K Series Phones Stylo Series Phones V Series Phones X Series Phones Touch Screen Smart Watches Tablets Enterprise Mobile Solutions Bluetooth Headsets & Headphones All Bluetooth Headsets & Headphones Shop LG Bluetooth Headsets & Headphones Discover LG TONE Headsets & Headphones Mobile Accessories All Mobile Accessories LG Wireless Keyboards Shop LG Wireless Keyboards LG Cell Phone Batteries Shop Cell Phone Batteries LG Cell Phone Cradles & Chargers Shop LG Cell Phone Cradles & Chargers LG Cell Phones Covers & Cases TVs All TVs OLED TVs HDR TVs SUPER UHD TVs 4K Ultra HD TVs LED TVs 3D TVs Smart TVs Curved TVs 22 Inch to 29 Inch Class TVs 32 Inch to 39 Inch Class TVs 40 Inch to 43 Inch Class TVs 47 Inch to 49 Inch Class TVs 50 Inch to 55 Inch Class TVs 60 Inch to 65 Inch Class TVs 70 Inch to 79 Inch Class TVs 84 Inch to 105 Inch Class TVs Home Audio All Home Audio Sound Bars Shelf Stereo & Loud Speaker Systems Bluetooth & Wireless Speakers Dolby Atmos Home Theater Smart Speakers Speakers with Meridian Audio Home Video Blu-ray & DVD Players Projectors Home Security TV Audio Video Accessories Remotes TV Wall Mounts 3D Glasses Discover LG Matte Black Refrigerators All Refrigerators Door-in-Door® French Door Side-by-Side Bottom Freezer Top Freezer Counter-Depth Kimchi/Specialty Foods Cooking Appliances All Cooking Appliances Ranges & Ovens Electric Ranges Gas Ranges Wall Ovens Single Wall Ovens Double Wall Ovens Cooktops Gas Cooktops Radiant (Electric) Cooktops Microwave Ovens Countertop Microwave Over The Range Microwave Hoods Dishwashers Top Control Dishwashers Front Control Dishwashers LG Studio Kitchen Accessories Refrigerator Filters All Kitchen Accessories Replacement Oven Knobs Washers All Washers Front Load Washers TWIN Load Washers LG SideKick™ Pedestal Washers Top Load Washers Washer Dryer Combos Dryers Gas Dryers Electric Dryers Steam Clothing Care System LG Styler Laundry Accessories Laundry Pedestals Dryer Racks Laundry Hoses Dryer Lint Filters Washer Dryer Stacking Kits Air Conditioners Portable Air Conditioners Window Air Conditioners Wall Air Conditioners Casement Air Conditioners Air Care Solutions Air Purifiers Dehumidifiers Vacuum Cleaners Robot Vacuum Cleaners Stick Vacuums LED Lights Home Appliance Accessories Air Conditioner Accessories Consumer Monitors All Monitors Gaming Monitors 4K / 5K Monitors 21:9 UltraWide® Monitors UltraFine™ Monitors IPS Monitors LED Monitors Commercial Monitors Desktop Monitors 21:9 UltraWide Monitors Medical Monitors Zero Client 4K UHD UltraFine™ Monitors Laptops Burners & Drives All Burners & Drives Blu-ray Burners and Drives DVD Burners and Drives Computer Accessories Promotions Discover LG Promotions Rebates SUPPORT Register a Product Software & Drivers Manuals & Documents Help Library Video Tutorials Additional Support MyLG Account Parts & Accessories Document Upload Announcements LG Refrigerator Energy Offer LG Recycling Program Works with Voice Assistant Repair Services Request a Repair Track Repair Locate Repair Provider LG Direct Service LG Authorized Service Center Contact Us Chat & Email Telephone Twitter Support Ask the Community Facebook Support Business Support Business Support Home Request RA Request SWAP Track RA or SWAP Status Business Warranty Enhanced Service Plan Five-Star Service Top Searches LG Bridge LG PC Suite Smart Share Mobile Support TV Support ABOUT LG Press Release Media Contacts Career Opportunities Newsletter Signup PUBLIC NOTICES General Mobile TV/Audio/Video Appliances Computer Products Compliance Information. For Business Site Map Privacy Legal Patent Terms & Conditions Accessibility Help. 
To properly experience our LG.com website,. you will need to use an alternate browser or upgrade to a newer version of internet Explorer (IE9 or greater).. Right click at the top of your browser and make sure the “Menu Bar” option is selected. Select “Tools” from the menu bar and then select “Compatibility View settings”. In the pop-up menu uncheck all three boxes and click “Close”. Your browser window will automatically refresh and you’ll be ready to go. The LG.com website utilizes responsive design to provide convenient experience that conforms to your devices screen size. In order to get the best possible experience our LG.COM website please follow below instructions.. If you’re using Internet Explorer 8 or earlier, you will need to use an alternate browser such as Firefox or Chrome or upgrade to a newer version of internet Explorer (IE9 or greater) .. If you’re using Internet Explorer 9 and higher, turn off your Internet Explorer browser’s “Compatibility View settings” by following steps below:. LG SIGNATURE Products Support. Products OLED TVs Refrigerators Washers Dryers Air Purifiers Ranges Dishwashers. Mobile TV/Audio/Video Appliances Computers. Cell Phones Discover the LG V30 Discover the LG G6 All Phones AT&T Phones Sprint Phones T-Mobile Phones Verizon Phones US Cellular Phones Unlocked Phones. Bluetooth Headsets & Headphones All Bluetooth Headsets & Headphones Shop Headsets & Headphones Accessories Discover LG TONE Headsets & Headphones. Mobile Accessories All Mobile Accessories Wireless Keyboards Cell Phone Batteries Cell Phone Cradles & Chargers Cell Phones Covers & Cases. The Big Screen that Fits in Your Hand. TVs All TVs OLED TVs SUPER UHD TVs 4K Ultra HD TVs LED TVs. Home Audio All Home Audio Sound Bars Shelf Stereo & Loud Speaker Systems Bluetooth & Wireless Speakers Dolby Atmos Home Theater Smart Speakers Speakers with Meridian Audio. Home Video Blu-ray & DVD Players Projectors. TV Audio Video Accessories Remotes TV Wall Mounts 3D Glasses. Refrigerators Discover LG InstaView™ Door-in-Door® All Refrigerators Door-in-Door® LG InstaView™ Door-in-Door® French Door Side-by-Side Bottom Freezer Top Freezer Counter-Depth Kimchi/Specialty Foods. Cooking Appliances All Cooking Appliances Discover NeoChef™ Microwaves Ranges & Ovens Wall Ovens Cooktops Microwave Ovens Hoods. Dishwashers Discover QuadWash™ Top Control Dishwashers Front Control Dishwashers. Kitchen Accessories Refrigerator Filters All Kitchen Accessories Replacement Oven Knobs. Washers All Washers Discover LG SideKick™ Front Load Washers TWIN Load Washers LG SideKick™ Pedestal Washers Top Load Washers. Dryers Gas Dryers Electric Dryers. Steam Clothing Care System LG Styler. Air Care Solutions Air Purifiers Dehumidifiers. Vacuum Cleaners Robot Vacuum Cleaners Stick Vacuums. Knock Twice and See What's Inside. For Small Loads That Are a Big Deal. Consumer Monitors All Monitors Gaming Monitors 4K / 5K Monitors 21:9 UltraWide® Monitors UltraFine™ Monitors IPS Monitors LED Monitors. Commercial Monitors Desktop Monitors 21:9 UltraWide Monitors Medical Monitors Zero Client 4K UHD UltraFine™ Monitors. Burners & Drives All Burners & Drives Blu-ray Burners and Drives DVD Burners and Drives. Additional Support MyLG Account Parts & Accessories Document Upload Announcements Works with Voice Assistant. Repair Services Request a Repair Track Repair Locate Repair Provider LG Direct Service LG Authorized Service Center. Contact Us Chat & Email Telephone Twitter Support Ask the Community Facebook Support. Business Support Business Support Home Request RA Request SWAP Track RA or SWAP Status Business Warranty Enhanced Service Plan Five-Star Service. Top Searches LG Bridge LG PC Suite Smart Share Mobile Support TV Support. Discover Our Newest Collection of TV, Appliance and Mobile Accessories. Extend your protection for years to come with the additional peace of mind of LG Premium Care.. Step-by-Step Guide by Device and Cable Connector.. Search Search. Welcome Sign out. Meet the wow factor! Impress at every occasion with a sleek design that fits perfectly in-hand, and a screen that makes all your colors pop.. Using Gesture Interval Shot, raise your hand and make a fist twice to take 4 awesome selfies in sequence.. The night is your time to shine! Take brilliant selfies with a screen that lights up around the photo preview.. Life moves quickly… and the LG K3 does too! Browse the web and play games at lightning speed, plus stream videos smoothly with processing power.. 1.1 GHz Quad-Core Processor (Qualcomm® MSM8909). 8 GB ROM (up to 3.10 GB usable) - expandable via microSD™ card (sold separately). Compact Design & Comfortable Grip, Quick & Easy Selfie Camera, Selfie Light & Illuminated. Adjust keyboard height and layout for convenient and customized access. Quickly access Capture+ or the camera when the screen is locked or off. Minimize the battery consumption through efficient UX control. Write or draw on nearly any screen and then save to QuickMemo®+ or Gallery. Create memos and then add text, images, screen captures and more; schedule memos to. appear at certain times using time or location inputs. Text, Picture, Video, and Audio Messaging†. Multilanguage Support for Phone and Keyboard Input. Keep your phone unlocked when you have a trusted Bluetooth® device connected, when. it’s in a familiar location, when a trusted voice or face is detected, and more. Unique ringtone created for each caller based on phone numbers. Provides an easier interface for beginners with a simpler layout and larger font size. Create a 6-8 point tapping pattern for security and direct access to the home screen. Double tap the screen to put your phone to sleep/wake it without picking it up or. Password/pattern protect your memos in QuickMemo+. Some owner content may still be accessible to a user who enables Content Lock.. Video Player with Touch Lock, Play on Lock Screen, and Resume Play Function. Supports 3GP, 3G2, MKV, WebM, AVI, MPG, FLV, TS, OGM and MP4 formats. Subtitle Settings, Play on Lock Screen, Screenshot, Brightness, and Video Auto-Off. Music Player with Shuffle and Repeat Modes. Supports MP3, M4A, AAC, AAC+, eAAC+, FLAC, WAV, Ogg, MIDI, PCM, OPUS, and AMR formats. Organized by songs, albums, artists, genres, playlists, favorites, and folders. Switch portrait/landscape view; control games by turning/tilting phone*. Transfer files or synchronize with Windows® Media Player**. Only available on certain interactions with the touch screen. 5 MP Rear-Facing Camera with Flash and HD Camcorder. VGA Front-Facing Camera and VGA Camcorder. Up to 2560 x 1920* pixels. Take selfies automatically using face detection. Use voice commands to capture a photo. Take selfies with a simple hand gesture. Make a fist twice to take four selfies in sequence. Screen will illuminate a soft light around the photo preview for well-lit selfies. Hold the shutter button to take multiple shots quickly. Choose to take a picture/video 3 or 10 seconds after you press the shutter/record. Pause and start in record mode for one continuous video file. Take still shots while recording video. Enhance your photos by adding filters, adjusting brightness, and more. Include location information with photos and videos. Available only on rear-facing camera or camcorder. Available only on front-facing camera or camcorder. Share a 4G LTE data connection with up to 8 compatible wireless devices**. Share your phone’s Internet connection with your computer. A2DP, AVRCP, GAVDP, HFP, PBAP, HSP, HID, SDAP, GOEP, SPP, MAP, PAN, HDP, OPP, DI,. Qualcomm® IZat™ Support for Enhanced Location Accuracy. Virgin Mobile’s 4G LTE Network not available everywhere. 800/850/1900 MHz CDMA, LTE Bands 2/4/5/12/25/26/41, UMTS Bands 2/4/5, GSM 850/900/1800/1900. 1.1 GHz Quad-Core Processor (Qualcomm® MSM8909). EVDO, EVDO Rev A, 1xRTT, LTE. 5.27" (H) x 2.67" (W) x 0.37" (D). 16.7M Color TN, 854 x 480 pixels, 4.5" FWVGA. 8 GB ROM (up to 3.10 GB usable). Actual battery time may vary depending on network connectivity and application use. Headset (LG TONE Active,™ LG TONE ULTRA,™ LG TONE PRO,™ LG TONE INFINIM™). Rated 2 out of. I have had nothing but trouble with this phone. It started out OK but then things started to go wrong. Right now I have to try a factory reset because Facebook and Messenger will not work. It keeps telling me app unavailable I also get a message that says "unfortunately Google Pay Store has stopped" which means I cannot download or update anything. Safe yourself the hassle and buy a different phone. Rated 1 out of. Phone gets hot after very short use. After several days, still unable to turn on Wi-Fi or Voice Mail. Very difficult to use and navigate.. Rated 1 out of. Have to swipe multiple times to get screen to notice I'm even alive and swiping at it. Tried to transfer my pics off of it, and it decided to delete all my pics instead. Rated 1 out of. Not Happy with VM from. You seem to get only certain features... They say memory is expandable, yet there is no option to format an sd card as internal. Further, the virtual keypad constantly hiccups. Nice phone if you don't care about running out of memory or errors in searches and sms.. Rated 4 out of. You can't beat this phone and all the features for the price and monthly service that beats all competitors. Rated 3 out of. It is an ok phone, but it doesn't have enough memory, and my battery drain a little too quick. Not happy right now with this phone.. Rated 5 out of. I bought this because my iPhone 4S broke and I had to have a phone. Went into best buy saw it was on sale and tried it out. Peformnce is snappy for the most part and it has all the features you expect from a budget phone. Only complant is the battery takes a while to charge. But for a less than 100 smartphone its amazeing.. Rated 5 out of. LG Portable & Bluetooth® Wireless Rolly Keyboard™ 2. LG TONE Active™ Bluetooth® Wireless Headset. We're here to support you with our product. Get the most out of your ownership. Help yourself to helpful product information. Learn how to install & operate your LG product. More help with your LG product. Contact us for any support inquiries.. Chat with an LG Support Representative. Tweet @LGUSSupport for Support.. No time to chat? Send LG Support your inquiry.. LG X charge | Virgin Mobile. LG X power™ | Virgin Mobile. LG Stylo™ 3 | Virgin Mobile. FIND AN AUTHORIZED STORE NEAR YOU. Whether you're searching for basic cell phones, state-of-the-art smartphones or something in between, it's all at your fingertips. Designed for the way you live, LG cell phones give you access to the latest technology and newest features, plus all the essentials—like talk and text messaging. If you're not sure what kind of phone you need, we can even help you find the right device. Just take a look at the type of phones we offer and find the category that best matches your needs. Basic: Boasting compact, stylish designs our basic phones give you the power to talk and text with ease—and typically come with a camera to help you capture special moments. Some may even come equipped with QWERTY keyboards, music players, and access to apps. Smartphones: Featuring access to ultra-fast processors, the latest apps, high-resolution cameras, HD displays, sophisticated designs and the newest technology, smartphones make it easy to stay organized and entertained on the go. Android: Boasting intuitive Android operating systems, these LG phones give you lightning-fast connections to the information you want. Plus, with available HD displays, high-resolution cameras, innovative security features, organizational tools, and access to thousands of apps, they're perfect for anyone with an on-the-go lifestyle. Touchscreen: Available with a wide range of features, our touchscreen cell phones give you the power to do more with just a tap. And with their available high-resolution cameras, HD displays, stylish designs and innovative technology, our touchscreen mobiles make it easy to find the perfect phone for the way you live. QWERTY Keyboard: Along with many of the same great features available on our smartphones, QWERTY devices also feature slide-out keyboards for those who prefer a more tactile experience. Processors that fit your speed: For the ultimate in speed and seamless multitasking, LG offers dual-core, quad-core , hexa-core and octa-core devices that give you fast access to your favorite apps and programs, and a host of state-of-the-art features. For added style and functionality, you can personalize your LG cell phone with the latest accessories. From cases and covers to headphones and chargers, our innovative collection makes it easy to get more from your go-to mobile device. Browse our newest cell phone accessories and upgrade your phone your way.. Design, features and specifications subject to change without notice. Some features in videos may not be available on all models. Please refer to the TECHNICAL SPECIFICATIONS tab for a complete list of features by model. *Prices, promotions and availability may vary by store and online. Prices subject to change without notice. Check with your local retailers for final price and availability.. LG SIGNATURE LG SIGNATURE Brand Story LG SIGNATURE Products Products OLED TVs Refrigerators Washers Dryers Air Purifiers Ranges Dishwashers Cell Phones All Phones AT&T Phones Sprint Phones T-Mobile Phones Verizon Phones US Cellular Phones Unlocked Phones Boost Mobile Phones Cricket Phones Metro PCS Phones TracFone Phones Virgin Mobile Phones Xfinity Phones Smartphones Android Phones 4G LTE Phones Quad-core Phones Budget Phones Basic Phones Prepaid / No Contract Phones G Series Phones K Series Phones Stylo Series Phones V Series Phones X Series Phones Touch Screen Smart Watches Tablets Enterprise Mobile Solutions Bluetooth Headsets & Headphones All Bluetooth Headsets & Headphones Shop LG Bluetooth Headsets & Headphones Discover LG TONE Headsets & Headphones Mobile Accessories All Mobile Accessories LG Wireless Keyboards Shop LG Wireless Keyboards LG Cell Phone Batteries Shop Cell Phone Batteries LG Cell Phone Cradles & Chargers Shop LG Cell Phone Cradles & Chargers LG Cell Phones Covers & Cases TVs All TVs OLED TVs HDR TVs SUPER UHD TVs 4K Ultra HD TVs LED TVs 3D TVs Smart TVs Curved TVs 22 Inch to 29 Inch Class TVs 32 Inch to 39 Inch Class TVs 40 Inch to 43 Inch Class TVs 47 Inch to 49 Inch Class TVs 50 Inch to 55 Inch Class TVs 60 Inch to 65 Inch Class TVs 70 Inch to 79 Inch Class TVs 84 Inch to 105 Inch Class TVs Home Audio All Home Audio Sound Bars Shelf Stereo & Loud Speaker Systems Bluetooth & Wireless Speakers Dolby Atmos Home Theater Smart Speakers Speakers with Meridian Audio Home Video Blu-ray & DVD Players Projectors Home Security TV Audio Video Accessories Remotes TV Wall Mounts 3D Glasses Discover LG Matte Black Refrigerators All Refrigerators Door-in-Door® French Door Side-by-Side Bottom Freezer Top Freezer Counter-Depth Kimchi/Specialty Foods Cooking Appliances All Cooking Appliances Ranges & Ovens Electric Ranges Gas Ranges Wall Ovens Single Wall Ovens Double Wall Ovens Cooktops Gas Cooktops Radiant (Electric) Cooktops Microwave Ovens Countertop Microwave Over The Range Microwave Hoods Dishwashers Top Control Dishwashers Front Control Dishwashers LG Studio Kitchen Accessories Refrigerator Filters All Kitchen Accessories Replacement Oven Knobs Washers All Washers Front Load Washers TWIN Load Washers LG SideKick™ Pedestal Washers Top Load Washers Washer Dryer Combos Dryers Gas Dryers Electric Dryers Steam Clothing Care System LG Styler Laundry Accessories Laundry Pedestals Dryer Racks Laundry Hoses Dryer Lint Filters Washer Dryer Stacking Kits Air Conditioners Portable Air Conditioners Window Air Conditioners Wall Air Conditioners Casement Air Conditioners Air Care Solutions Air Purifiers Dehumidifiers Vacuum Cleaners Robot Vacuum Cleaners Stick Vacuums LED Lights Home Appliance Accessories Air Conditioner Accessories Consumer Monitors All Monitors Gaming Monitors 4K / 5K Monitors 21:9 UltraWide® Monitors UltraFine™ Monitors IPS Monitors LED Monitors Commercial Monitors Desktop Monitors 21:9 UltraWide Monitors Medical Monitors Zero Client 4K UHD UltraFine™ Monitors Laptops Burners & Drives All Burners & Drives Blu-ray Burners and Drives DVD Burners and Drives Computer Accessories Promotions Discover LG Promotions Rebates SUPPORT Register a Product Software & Drivers Manuals & Documents Help Library Video Tutorials Additional Support MyLG Account Parts & Accessories Document Upload Announcements LG Refrigerator Energy Offer LG Recycling Program Works with Voice Assistant Repair Services Request a Repair Track Repair Locate Repair Provider LG Direct Service LG Authorized Service Center Contact Us Chat & Email Telephone Twitter Support Ask the Community Facebook Support Business Support Business Support Home Request RA Request SWAP Track RA or SWAP Status Business Warranty Enhanced Service Plan Five-Star Service Top Searches LG Bridge LG PC Suite Smart Share Mobile Support TV Support ABOUT LG Press Release Media Contacts Career Opportunities Newsletter Signup PUBLIC NOTICES General Mobile TV/Audio/Video Appliances Computer Products Compliance Information. For Business Site Map Privacy Legal Patent Terms & Conditions Accessibility Help. 
Home Shop MWC News Reviews Features Opinions Videos The Gadgets 360 Show Cell Guru Prime Tech Smartphone Reviews Tech and Gadget Reviews How-To Videos Video Game Reviews and Features Top Lists by Gadgets 360 Unboxing and Hands-On Videos Podcasts Compare Mobiles Phone Finder DEALS. Mobiles Tablets Apps Gaming Cameras PC/Laptops AUDIO/VIDEO How To Telecom Science INDIA INTERNET SOCIAL MEDIA WEARABLES हिंदी. Acer Adcom Alcatel Apple Archos Asus BlackBerry Blu Celkon Coolpad Datawind Fly Gionee HTC Huawei iBall iBerry Idea InFocus Intex iVoomi Jivi Karbonn Lava LeEco Lenovo LG Lyf Maxx Mobile Meizu Micromax Microsoft Motorola MTS Nokia Obi Oppo Panasonic Philips Ringing Bells Samsung Sony Spice Swipe Videocon Vivo Wickedleak Xiaomi Xolo Yu Zen Ziox Zopo ZTE. Home Mobiles Phone Finder LG K3. SPECIFICATIONS USER REVIEWS NEWS. Share on Facebook Tweet Share Share Email Reddit. LG K3 smartphone was launched in June 2016. The phone comes with a 4.50-inch touchscreen display with a resolution of 480 pixels by 854 pixels. The LG K3 is powered by 1.1GHz quad-core Qualcomm Snapdragon 210 MSM8909 processor and it comes with 1GB of RAM. The phone packs 8GB of internal storage that can be expanded up to 32GB via a microSD card. As far as the cameras are concerned, the LG K3 packs a 5-megapixel primary camera on the rear and a 0.3-megapixel front shooter for selfies. The LG K3 runs Android 6.0 and is powered by a 1940mAh removable battery. The LG K3 is a single SIM (GSM) smartphone that accepts a Micro-SIM. Connectivity options include Wi-Fi, GPS, Bluetooth, 3G and 4G. Sensors on the phone include Proximity sensor, Accelerometer, Ambient light sensor and Gyroscope.. LG K3 Entry Level Android 6.0 Marshmallow-Powered Smartphone Launched. More LG mobiles LG mobiles price in India. Release date June 2016 Form factor Touchscreen Battery capacity (mAh) 1940 Removable battery Yes Colours Black. Screen size (inches) 4.50 Touchscreen Yes Resolution 480x854 pixels. Processor 1.1GHz quad-core Processor make Qualcomm Snapdragon 210 MSM8909 RAM 1GB Internal storage 8GB Expandable storage Yes Expandable storage type microSD Expandable storage up to (GB) 32. Rear camera 5-megapixel Rear Flash LED Front camera 0.3-megapixel. Wi-Fi Yes GPS Yes Bluetooth Yes NFC No Infrared No USB OTG No Headphones 3.5mm FM No Number of SIMs 1 SIM 1 SIM Type Micro-SIM GSM/CDMA GSM 3G Yes 4G/ LTE Yes Supports 4G in India (Band 40) No. Compass/ Magnetometer No Proximity sensor Yes Accelerometer Yes Ambient light sensor Yes Gyroscope Yes Barometer No Temperature sensor No. Error or missing information? Please let us know. User ratings and reviews for LG K3. 2 Out of 5. 5 Star 4 Star 3 Star 2 Star 1 1 Star. LG K3 Entry Level Android 6.0 Marshmallow-Powered Smartphone Launched. LG V30S+ ThinQ LG V30S ThinQ LG K8 (2018) LG K10a (2018) LG K10+ (2018) LG K10 (2018) LG X4+ LG Signature Edition LG K7i LG V30+ LG V30 LG Q8 LG Q6a LG Q6 LG Q6+ LG G6+ LG X500 LG X venture LG Stylo 3 Plus LG X power2 LG X400 LG G6 LG X300 LG Stylus 3 LG K3 (2017) LG K4 (2017) LG K8 (2017) LG K10 (2017) LG U LG V34. Micromax Canvas Spark 2 LG K3 vs. LG K4 LG K3 vs. LG Spirit Lte LG K3 vs. Motorola Moto E Gen 2 4g vs. Alcatel One Touch Pop 2 5 LG K3 vs. LG K8 LG K3 vs. Alcatel One Touch Pop 2 5 Nfc LG K3 vs. Samsung Galaxy J1 Ace LG K3 vs. LG X Power LG K3 vs. Motorola Moto G4 Plus LG K3 vs. Nokia 7 Plus Is an Android One Phone With Dual Rear Cameras, Zeiss Optics Samsung Galaxy S9, Galaxy S9+ Pre-Orders Now Open in India Samsung Galaxy S9, Galaxy S9+ With Improved Cameras, AR Emoji Launched Nokia 8110 4G Is a 'Slider' Feature Phone With Google, Facebook Apps OnePlus 5, OnePlus 5T HD Content Streaming Issue Fixed, With a Catch Samsung Galaxy S9 a Worthy Upgrade? A Look at What's New Vodafone to Offer 4.5GB Data Per Day for 28 Days at Rs. 799: Report Nokia 6 (2018) Android One Phone With Snapdragon 630 Launched at MWC 2018 Nokia 8 Sirocco With Dual Cameras, Stainless Steel Frame Launched at MWC Sony Unveils Xperia Ear Duo to Answer Apple AirPods, Samsung Gear IconX. Samsung phones price list Lyf phones price list Micromax phones price list Sony phones price list Htc phones price list Lenovo phones price list Intex phones price list Lava phones price list Apple phones price list Nokia phones price list Xolo phones price list Lg phones price list Vivo phones price list Oppo phones price list Gionee phones price list Motorola phones price list Blackberry phones price list Xiaomi phones price list. Sitemaps Archives Advertise About Us Feedback Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions Complaint Redressal Careers Contact Us RSS Ethics LG K3 in Hindi. © Copyright Red Pixels Ventures Limited 2018. Subject Comments. 
Find the Best Cell Phone and Plan for You. PhoneDog's innovative comparison tool can help you save on cell phones and plans. Find the best phone and plan for you today with PhoneDog!. Compare Phones and Plans Compare Cell Phones. Trending: iPhone 8. f g+ t yt. The LG K3 is a new smartphone with a 4.5-inch FWVGA IPS display. Beneath the surface, there is a 1.1GHz Quad-Core Qualcomm Snapdragon 210 processor with 1GB of RAM. There is an 8GB internal storage and memory expansion of up to 32GB through a microSD card. The phone is built with a 5MP rear camera with video recording. In front, there is another camera to shoot selfies from. The LG K3 has a removable Li-Ion 1,940 mAh battery operating within it. Upon availability, the phone runs on the latest Android 6.0 Marshmallow OS.. See Available Plans or get it unlocked here. Apple iPad mini with Retina Display. Apple iPad mini with Retina display 16GB Silver. DROID RAZR MAXX HD by Motorola. Motorola RAZR V3 Dolce & Gabbana. Plans Unlocked Specs Media Reviews Deals. - Any - AT&T Atlantis Telecom Boost Mobile Cricket Credo Mobile SpeedTalk Mobile BOOM Mobile MetroPCS Net10 Pix Wireless Pure TalkUSA Red Pocket Mobile ROK Mobile Republic Wireless Sprint Straight Talk Ting T-Mobile TextNow Tello Teltik TPO Mobile Twigby US Mobile Verizon Wireless Virgin Mobile. - Any - Monthly/No Contract Prepaid. Sort by: Price Carrier Minutes Data. Expert Review User reviews. Limited Time Offer on 15% off LG Electronics OLED55E7P 55-Inch 4K ultra HD smart OLED TV (2017 Model).. Limited Time Offer on LG 230W Hi-Fi System with Bluetooth Connectivity (Certified Refurbished).. Limited Time Offer on LG G6 Tempered Glass (2-pack).. Device: New LG K20 on 0% APR AT&T Next (30-mo. at $4/mo) or AT&T Next Every Year (24-mo at $5/mo.) installment agmt. $0 down for well-qualified credit or down payment may be reqd. Retail price is divided into monthly installments. Tax on full retail price due at sale. After all credits, get LG K20 priced $119.99 for free (credits 30-mo. at $4/mo) or AT&T Next Every Year (24-mo at $5/mo.) Reqd Wireless: Eligible postpaid wireless voice & data svc on devices (min. for new svc with AutoPay and paperless bill discount. until discount starts w/in 2 bills. Existing customers can add to elig. If you cancel wireless svc, will owe device balance of up to $119.99. Restocking fee up to $45 may apply. Bill Credits: Applied in equal amounts to device over entire agmt term & will not exceed $119.99. Wireless line must be active & in good standing for 30 days to qualify. To get all credits, wireless line must remain active, with eligible service, and on agmt for entire term. If you cancel service, upgrade or pay up/off agmt early your credits may cease. Limits: May not be combinable w/other offers, discounts or credits. Purchase, financing & other limits & restrs apply. Participation in this offer may make your wireless account ineligible for select other offers (including select bill credit offers) for a 12-month period.. Kyocera DuraXTP Sony Xperia X Performance Sony Xperia X Sony Xperia XA. Looks like there are no reviews yet, be the first to write one now.. Sort by Oldest Latest Negative Positive. OFFICIAL SMARTPHONE RANKINGS Please Login/Register to Vote. Select the amount of total data you need for the entire plan.. For example, if you need 2 lines with 1 GB of data each, you would select 2 GB of data with the data slider below.. - Any - 0 5KB 50MB 30MB 100MB 125MB 150MB 200MB 250MB 300MB 334MB 350MB 375MB 400MB 500MB 600MB 625MB 700MB 800MB 834MB 900MB 938MB 1GB 1.2GB 1.5GB 1.6GB 2GB 2.03GB 2.5GB 3GB 3.7GB 4GB 5GB 6GB 6.1GB 7GB 7.3GB 8GB 8.5GB 9GB 10GB 11GB 12GB 13GB 14GB 15GB 16GB 18GB 20GB 22GB 23GB 24GB 25GB 30GB 32GB 35GB 40GB 50GB 60GB 80GB 85GB 100GB 120GB 150GB 200GB Unlimited. BLU Vivo X Review: BLU's Most Appealing Smartphone Yet!. 4 days 14 hours ago. Android 8.0 Oreo on the OnePlus 5T. 5 days 11 hours ago. 1 week 10 hours ago. The OnePlus 5T Competitor You Haven't Heard About. 1 week 3 days ago. People's Choice Expert's Choice. OFFICIAL SMARTPHONE RANKINGS Please Login/Register to Vote. OFFICIAL SMARTPHONE RANKINGS Please Login/Register to Vote. OFFICIAL SMARTPHONE RANKINGS Please Login/Register to Vote. OFFICIAL SMARTPHONE RANKINGS Please Login/Register to Vote. OFFICIAL SMARTPHONE RANKINGS Please Login/Register to Vote. PHONEDOG PHONEDOG MEDIA FAMILY Phonedog - Cell Phone News TmoNews - The Unofficial T-Mobile Blog AndroidAndMe - Everything Android. PhoneDog Media is home to PhoneDog, Android & Me, TmoNews, and TodaysiPhone. The network receives 2.5 million unique visitors and 10 million pageviews each month, along with a combined three million video views on YouTube.. While the name is jovial, the PhoneDog Media network offers up a wealth of written and video content to help readers make important decisions about mobile technology.. Established in 2001, PhoneDog Media is a privately owned and operated company.. Company Home Privacy Policy Term of Use Contact About Us In-Depth Reviews. Reproduction without explicit permission is prohibited. 
Select the department you want to search in. Sign in Account & Lists Sign in Account & Lists Orders Try Prime Cart. Your Amazon.com Today's Deals Gift Cards Registry Sell Help Disability Customer Support. 1-16 of over 1,000 results for "lg k3". See all results for lg k3 .. LG Electronics K3 - Factory Unlocked Phone - (Black). Only 7 left in stock - order soon.. $44.52 (9 used &amp new offers). LG K3 , 1.1 GHz Qualcomm Snapdragon Quad Core, Andriod 6. Virgin Mobile - LG K3 with 8GB Memory Prepaid Cell Phone - Black 4.5 IPS touch screen. Only 3 left in stock - order soon.. Virgin Mobile - LG K3 with 8GB Memory Prepaid Cell Phone - Black 4. Boost Mobile - LG K3 with 8GB Memory Prepaid Cell Phone - Black. by Exclusive ExpressUSA Boost Bundle TM.. Only 11 left in stock - order soon.. $30.00 (18 used &amp new offers). LG Optimus Zone 3 (Verizon LTE Prepaid). Only 2 left in stock - order soon.. $33.02 (33 used &amp new offers). OEM Original Battery for LG BL-49JH 1940mAh LG EAC63138806 LS450 K3. Only 3 left in stock - order soon.. $7.99 (8 used &amp new offers). Product Features Compatible Brand: For LG. LG Tribute HD - Prepaid - Carrier Locked - Virgin Mobile. $44.90 (22 used &amp new offers). LG Tribute HD - Prepaid - Carrier Locked - Boost Mobile. $58.94 (31 used &amp new offers). LG K3 Case, J&D [ArmorBox] [Dual Layer] Hybrid Shock Proof Protective Rugged Case for LG K3 - Black. 15% off item with purchase of 1 items and 1 more promotion. 15% off item with purchase of 1 items See Details. LG X Power - Prepaid - Carrier Locked - Boost Mobile. Only 20 left in stock - order soon.. $77.94 (12 used &amp new offers). LG Phoenix 2 K371 Mobile 4g LTE GSM, 5-Inch HD, 16GB, 8MP LED Flash + 5MP, Android 6.0 Locked AT&T Prepaid, U.S. LG K3 Clear Case With HD Screen Protector, AnoKe [Scratch Resistant] Colorful Totem Mandala Flower Ultra Slim Fit Acrylic Hard Cover TPU Bumper Hybrid Protective For LG K3 TM CH Mint. Only 6 left in stock - order soon.. LG K3 2017 Case,LEEGU [Shock Absorption] Dual Layer Heavy Duty Protective Silicone Plastic Cover Case for LG K3 2017 - Don't Touch My Phone. Professional Ultra SanDisk 32GB LG K3 MicroSDHC card with CUSTOM Hi-Speed, Lossless Format! Includes Standard SD Adapter. by Custom SanDisk for LG. Product Features Finally, a CUSTOM and GUARANTEED MicroSDHC to use with your LG K3. LG [K3] Defender Cover [ArmorXtreme] [Black/Black] Heavy Duty Warrior [Holster] [Kick Stand] - [Venezuela Flag] for LG [K3] [LS450]. by ArmorXtreme for LG [K3]. LG K3 Case, Dual Layers [Combo Holster] Case And Built-In Kickstand Bundled with [Tempered Glass Screen Protector] Hybird Shockproof And Circlemalls Stylus Pen[Black]. Only 1 left in stock - order soon.. All customers get FREE Shipping on orders over $25 shipped by Amazon. Selfie Sticks & Cell Phone Tripods. Cell Phone Cases, Holsters & Clips. 4 Stars & Up & Up. 3 Stars & Up & Up. 2 Stars & Up & Up. 1 Star & Up & Up. There's a problem loading this menu right now.. Get fast, free shipping with Amazon Prime. Prime members enjoy FREE Two-Day Shipping and exclusive access to music, movies, TV shows, original audio series, and Kindle books.. Careers About Amazon Investor Relations Amazon Devices. Sell on Amazon Sell Your Services on Amazon Sell on Amazon Business Sell Your Apps on Amazon Become an Affiliate Advertise Your Products Self-Publish with Us › See all. Amazon Rewards Visa Signature Cards Amazon.com Store Card Amazon.com Corporate Credit Line Shop with Points Credit Card Marketplace Reload Your Balance Amazon Currency Converter. Your Account Your Orders Shipping Rates & Policies Amazon Prime Returns & Replacements Manage Your Content and Devices Amazon Assistant Help. Amazon Music Stream millions of songs. Amazon Drive Cloud storage from Amazon. 6pm Score deals on fashion brands. AbeBooks Books, art & collectibles. ACX Audiobook Publishing Made Easy. Alexa Actionable Analytics for the Web. Amazon Business Everything For Your Business. AmazonFresh Groceries & More Right To Your Door. AmazonGlobal Ship Orders Internationally. Home Services Handpicked Pros Happiness Guarantee. Amazon Inspire Digital Educational Resources. Amazon Rapids Fun stories for kids on the go. Amazon Restaurants Food delivery from local restaurants. Amazon Video Direct Video Distribution Made Easy. Amazon Web Services Scalable Cloud Computing Services. Audible Download Audio Books. AudiobookStand Discount Audiobooks on Disc. Book Depository Books With Free Delivery Worldwide. Box Office Mojo Find Movie Box Office Data. ComiXology Thousands of Digital Comics. CreateSpace Indie Print Publishing Made Easy. DPReview Digital Photography. East Dane Designer Men's Fashion. Fabric Sewing, Quilting & Knitting. Goodreads Book reviews & recommendations. IMDb Movies, TV & Celebrities. IMDbPro Get Info Entertainment Professionals Need. Junglee.com Shop Online in India. Kindle Direct Publishing Indie Digital Publishing Made Easy. Prime Now FREE 2-Hour Delivery on Everyday Items. Prime Photos Unlimited Photo Storage Free With Prime. Shopbop Designer Fashion Brands. TenMarks.com Math Activities for Kids & Schools. Warehouse Deals Open-Box Discounts. Whole Foods Market America’s Healthiest Grocery Store. Withoutabox Submit to Film Festivals. Woot! Deals and Shenanigans. Zappos Shoes & Clothing. Souq.com Shop Online in the Middle East. Subscribe with Amazon Discover & try subscription services. Conditions of Use Privacy Notice Interest-Based Ads © 1996-2018, Amazon.com, Inc. 
Menu Login Sign Up. Find the Best Cell Phone and Plan for You. Wirefly helps you save on cell phones and plans by offering innovative comparison tools so consumers can make educated choices. Compare Phones and Plans Compare Cell Phones. How Much Data Do I Need. Wirefly helps you save on Internet service by offering innovative comparison tools to compare Internet providers in your area.. Compare Internet by ZIP Code Compare Internet & TV Bundles Compare Business Internet. Test your current internet connection with our speed test and see what services your provider can handle. Find out your download speed, upload speed, latency, and more.. Test Your Internet Speed Internet Speed Test. Compare Cell Phones > LG. Purchase with a plan or or. Motorola RAZR V3 Dolce & Gabbana. DROID RAZR MAXX HD by Motorola. LG K3 smartphone comes with a 4.5-inch FWVGA IPS display. From within its surface, the device runs on a Quad-Core 1GHz Qualcomm Snapdragon 210 processor with 1GB of RAM and an internal storage of 8GB. There is a microSD card slot for up to 32GB memory expansion. On the back of the device is a 5MP camera with video recording. In front, there is another camera. The device comes with a removable Li-Ion 1,940 mAh battery. Upon release, the LG K3 runs Android 6.0 Marshmallow OS.. Looks like there are no reviews yet, be the first to write one now.. Sort by Oldest Latest Negative Positive. Plans Unlocked Specs Media Reviews Deals. - Any - 0 5KB 50MB 30MB 100MB 125MB 150MB 200MB 250MB 300MB 334MB 350MB 375MB 400MB 500MB 600MB 625MB 700MB 800MB 834MB 900MB 938MB 1GB 1.2GB 1.5GB 1.6GB 2GB 2.03GB 2.5GB 3GB 3.7GB 4GB 5GB 6GB 6.1GB 7GB 7.3GB 8GB 8.5GB 9GB 10GB 11GB 12GB 13GB 14GB 15GB 16GB 18GB 20GB 22GB 23GB 24GB 25GB 30GB 32GB 35GB 40GB 50GB 60GB 80GB 85GB 100GB 120GB 150GB 200GB Unlimited. - Any - AT&T Atlantis Telecom Boost Mobile Cricket SpeedTalk Mobile BOOM Mobile CREDO Mobile GIV Mobile MetroPCS Net10 Pix Wireless Project Fi Pure TalkUSA Red Pocket Mobile ROK Mobile Republic Wireless Sprint Straight Talk Ting T-Mobile TextNow Tello Teltik TPO Mobile Twigby US Mobile Verizon Wireless Virgin Mobile. - Any - Monthly/No Contract Prepaid. Sort by: Price Carrier Minutes Data. Expert Review User reviews. Limited Time Offer on LG 230W Hi-Fi System with Bluetooth Connectivity (Certified Refurbished).. Limited Time Offer on LG G6 Tempered Glass (2-pack).. Learn about our LG G6 BOGO offer.. Free Prepaid LG Leon after $50 Rebate.. Get an LG G Pad X 8.0 for free online.. Device: New LG K20 on 0% APR AT&T Next (30-mo. at $4/mo) or AT&T Next Every Year (24-mo at $5/mo.) installment agmt. $0 down for well-qualified credit or down payment may be reqd. Retail price is divided into monthly installments. Tax on full retail price due at sale. After all credits, get LG K20 priced $119.99 for free (credits 30-mo. at $4/mo) or AT&T Next Every Year (24-mo at $5/mo.) Reqd Wireless: Eligible postpaid wireless voice & data svc on devices (min. for new svc with AutoPay and paperless bill discount. until discount starts w/in 2 bills. Existing customers can add to elig. If you cancel wireless svc, will owe device balance of up to $119.99. Restocking fee up to $45 may apply. Bill Credits: Applied in equal amounts to device over entire agmt term & will not exceed $119.99. Wireless line must be active & in good standing for 30 days to qualify. To get all credits, wireless line must remain active, with eligible service, and on agmt for entire term. If you cancel service, upgrade or pay up/off agmt early your credits may cease. Limits: May not be combinable w/other offers, discounts or credits. Purchase, financing & other limits & restrs apply. Participation in this offer may make your wireless account ineligible for select other offers (including select bill credit offers) for a 12-month period.. Google Lens lands on other non.... Google: Over 40 phone and carr.... Galaxy S9 could hit stores on.... LG to announce new models of K.... Report: Verizon is tops in App.... Apple rolls out fix for messag.... iPhone Stuck on Black Screen and Ho.... Why is iMessage Not Working and How.... How to transfer phone contacts from.... iPhone Won't Charge and How To.... iPhone Apps Won't Update and H.... All You Need to Know About Sprint L.... Guide to Verizon Wireless Device Pa.... Find the Best Cell Phone and Plan for You. Wirefly helps you save on cell phones and plans by offering innovative comparison tools so consumers can make educated choices. Find The Best TV and Internet Providers For You. Paying too much for Internet or TV service? Use our tool to compare Internet providers, TV providers, and bundled services.. Kyocera DuraXTP Sony Xperia X Sony Xperia X Performance Sony Xperia XA HTC Desire 530 Alcatel Dawn ZTE Axon 7 LG G Pad X 8.0 Moto E3 LG K10. Wirefly Is America's Most Trusted Source For All Cell Phones, Plans, TV, and Internet Deals. Wirefly offers great deals on a large selection of smartphones, cell phones, tablets, mobile hotspots, and other wireless devices for the nation's most popular carriers. Use Wirefly’s innovative cell phone and plan comparison tools to ensure you are getting the best deal on the market. Shop with confidence knowing that Wirefly wants to help you find the best prices on cell phones, cell phone plans, TV, and Internet service.. Privacy Policy | Term of Use | Contact | About Us. WireFly.com © 2018 All Rights Reserved. 
© 2018 TextNow All Rights Reserved. 
Troubleshoot issues related to the touchscreen on your LG K3. This article helps troubleshoot the touchscreen not responding on your LG K3. Troubleshoot issues related to low internal memory on your LG K3. This article helps you troubleshoot low internal memory issues on your LG K3. Troubleshoot issues related to data connectivity and your LG K3. This article helps you troubleshoot data connectivity issues on your LG K3. Troubleshoot when your LG K3 slows, freezes, or turns off unexpectedly. This article helps troubleshoot your LG K3 slowing, freezing, or turning off unexpectedly. Troubleshoot shortened battery life on your LG K3. This article helps you troubleshoot battery life issues on your LG K3. Troubleshoot issues related to multimedia messages (MMS) on your LG K3. This article helps troubleshoot sending or receiving multimedia messages on your LG K3. Troubleshoot issues related to SIM card not detected or cannot be read on your LG K3. This article helps troubleshoot SIM card not detected or cannot be read error on your LG K3. Troubleshoot issues related to making and receiving calls on your LG K3. This article helps troubleshoot making or receiving calls on your LG K3. Troubleshoot when your LG K3 doesn't turn on. This article helps troubleshoot your LG K3 not turning on. Troubleshoot charging issues on your LG K3. This article helps troubleshoot charging issues on your LG K3. Troubleshoot call volume on your LG K3. This article helps troubleshoot in-call sound quality on your LG K3. Troubleshoot issues related to text messaging on your LG K3. This article helps troubleshoot text messaging issues on your LG K3. Troubleshoot issues related to Bluetooth and your LG K3. This article helps you troubleshoot Bluetooth issues on your LG K3. Troubleshoot issues related to apps on your LG K3. This article helps troubleshoot malfunctioning applications on your LG K3. Troubleshoot issues related to email on your LG K3. This article helps troubleshoot email issues on your LG K3. Troubleshoot issues related to displaying no/low signal from the cellular network on your LG K3. This article helps troubleshoot displaying no/low signal from the cellular network on your LG K3. Troubleshoot issues related to mobile hotspots and your LG K3. This article helps troubleshoot mobile hotspot issues on your LG K3. Troubleshoot audio playback issues on your LG K3. This article helps troubleshoot audio playback issues on your LG K3. 
Our new search experience requires JavaScript to be enabled. Please enable JavaScript on your browser , then try again .. All Categories Antiques Art Baby Books Business & Industrial Cameras & Photo Cell Phones & Accessories Clothing, Shoes & Accessories Coins & Paper Money Collectibles Computers/Tablets & Networking Consumer Electronics Crafts Dolls & Bears DVDs & Movies eBay Motors Entertainment Memorabilia Gift Cards & Coupons Health & Beauty Home & Garden Jewelry & Watches Music Musical Instruments & Gear Pet Supplies Pottery & Glass Real Estate Specialty Services Sporting Goods Sports Mem, Cards & Fan Shop Stamps Tickets & Experiences Toys & Hobbies Travel Video Games & Consoles Everything Else. Hi ( Sign in to bid or buy) Daily Deals Gift Cards Help & Contact Sell. Summary Recently Viewed Bids/Offers Watch List Purchase History Selling Saved Searches Saved Sellers Messages. Refine your search for lg k3. All Listings - Current page. Save lg k3 to get e-mail alerts and updates on your eBay Feed.. Unfollow lg k3 to stop getting updates on your eBay Feed.. You'll receive email and Feed alerts when new items arrive. Afghanistan - AFG Albania - ALB Algeria - DZA American Samoa - ASM Andorra - AND Angola - AGO Anguilla - AIA Antigua and Barbuda - ATG Argentina - ARG Armenia - ARM Aruba - ABW Australia - AUS Austria - AUT Azerbaijan Republic - AZE Bahamas - BHS Bahrain - BHR Bangladesh - BGD Barbados - BRB Belarus - BLR Belgium - BEL Belize - BLZ Benin - BEN Bermuda - BMU Bhutan - BTN Bolivia - BOL Bosnia and Herzegovina - BIH Botswana - BWA Brazil - BRA British Virgin Islands - VGB Brunei Darussalam - BRN Bulgaria - BGR Burkina Faso - BFA Burma - MMR Burundi - BDI Cambodia - KHM Cameroon - CMR Canada - CAN Cape Verde Islands - CPV Cayman Islands - CYM Central African Republic - CAF Chad - TCD Chile - CHL China - CHN Colombia - COL Comoros - COM Congo, Democratic Republic of the - COD Congo, Republic of the - COG Cook Islands - COK Costa Rica - CRI Cote d Ivoire (Ivory Coast) - CIV Croatia, Republic of - HRV Cyprus - CYP Czech Republic - CZE Denmark - DNK Djibouti - DJI Dominica - DMA Dominican Republic - DOM Ecuador - ECU Egypt - EGY El Salvador - SLV Equatorial Guinea - GNQ Eritrea - ERI Estonia - EST Ethiopia - ETH Falkland Islands (Islas Malvinas) - FLK Fiji - FJI Finland - FIN France - FRA French Guiana - GUF French Polynesia - PYF Gabon Republic - GAB Gambia - GMB Georgia - GEO Germany - DEU Ghana - GHA Gibraltar - GIB Greece - GRC Greenland - GRL Grenada - GRD Guadeloupe - GLP Guam - GUM Guatemala - GTM Guernsey - GGY Guinea - GIN Guinea-Bissau - GNB Guyana - GUY Haiti - HTI Honduras - HND Hong Kong - HKG Hungary - HUN Iceland - ISL India - IND Indonesia - IDN Ireland - IRL Israel - ISR Italy - ITA Jamaica - JAM Japan - JPN Jersey - JEY Jordan - JOR Kazakhstan - KAZ Kenya - KEN Kiribati - KIR Korea, South - KOR Kuwait - KWT Kyrgyzstan - KGZ Laos - LAO Latvia - LVA Lebanon - LBN Liechtenstein - LIE Lithuania - LTU Luxembourg - LUX Macau - MAC Macedonia - MKD Madagascar - MDG Malawi - MWI Malaysia - MYS Maldives - MDV Mali - MLI Malta - MLT Marshall Islands - MHL Martinique - MTQ Mauritania - MRT Mauritius - MUS Mayotte - MYT Mexico - MEX Micronesia - FSM Moldova - MDA Monaco - MCO Mongolia - MNG Montenegro - MNE Montserrat - MSR Morocco - MAR Mozambique - MOZ Namibia - NAM Nauru - NRU Nepal - NPL Netherlands - NLD Netherlands Antilles - ANT New Caledonia - NCL New Zealand - NZL Nicaragua - NIC Niger - NER Nigeria - NGA Niue - NIU Norway - NOR Oman - OMN Pakistan - PAK Palau - PLW Panama - PAN Papua New Guinea - PNG Paraguay - PRY Peru - PER Philippines - PHL Poland - POL Portugal - PRT Puerto Rico - PRI Qatar - QAT Reunion - REU Romania - ROU Russian Federation - RUS Rwanda - RWA Saint Helena - SHN Saint Kitts-Nevis - KNA Saint Lucia - LCA Saint Pierre and Miquelon - SPM Saint Vincent and the Grenadines - VCT San Marino - SMR Saudi Arabia - SAU Senegal - SEN Serbia - SRB Seychelles - SYC Sierra Leone - SLE Singapore - SGP Slovakia - SVK Slovenia - SVN Solomon Islands - SLB Somalia - SOM South Africa - ZAF Spain - ESP Sri Lanka - LKA Suriname - SUR Swaziland - SWZ Sweden - SWE Switzerland - CHE Taiwan - TWN Tajikistan - TJK Tanzania - TZA Thailand - THA Togo - TGO Tonga - TON Trinidad and Tobago - TTO Tunisia - TUN Turkey - TUR Turkmenistan - TKM Turks and Caicos Islands - TCA Tuvalu - TUV Uganda - UGA Ukraine - UKR United Arab Emirates - ARE United Kingdom - UK United States - USA Uruguay - URU Uzbekistan - UZB Vanuatu - VUT Vatican City State - VAT Venezuela - VEN Vietnam - VNM Virgin Islands (U.S) - VIR Wallis and Futuna - WLF Western Sahara - ESH Western Samoa - WSM Yemen - YEM Zambia - ZMB Zimbabwe - ZWE. Unlocked LG K3 K100 Original Single SIM 4.5" Quad Core 8GB ROM 1GB RAM 4G LTE. LG K3 LS450 Black (Boost Mobile) 8GB. FOR Virgin Mobile,Boost Mobile LG K3 BELT CLIP LEATHER HOLSTER CASE COVER POUCH. LG K3 8GB (2017) AS110 4G LTE GSM Factory Unlocked Smartphone - 10/10. Boost Mobile - LG K3 with 8GB Memory Prepaid Cell Phone - Black. LG K3 (Unknown Carrier) Clean ESN. NEW LOT OF 2 Virgin Mobile - LG K3 with 8GB Memory Prepaid Cell Phone QUAD CORE. LG K3 VIRGIN MOBILE prepaid smartphone. LG Electronics K3 - Factory Unlocked Phone - (Black). LG K3 (Unknown Carrier) Clean ESN. Brand New Virgin Mobile LG K3 with 8GB Android 6.0 Smartphone 4.5" 4G LTE. LG Optimus LTE II F160L F160S F160K - 3G WiFi 8MP 4.7" 16GB Original Unlocked. LG K3 8GB AS110 4G LTE GSM Factory Unlocked Smartphone. For LG K3,LS450 Hybrid Silicone Plastic case Kickstand Shock Proof BLACK. LG K3 (Unknown Carrier) Clean ESN. LG K3 2017 (US110) (U S Cellular) - NIB. Virgin Mobile LG K3 8GB 3G/4G LTE 4.5" 5MP Camera Quad Core (BRAND NEW) Sealed. LG K3 LS450 BLACK BOOST MOBILE SMARTPHONE (PLEASE READ BELOW). LG Electronics K3 - Factory Unlocked Phone - (Black). LG K3 / LS450 Armor Belt Clip Holster Case Cover Black. LG K3 LS450 - 8GB - Black (Boost Mobile) Smartphone Clean ESN DOESNT TURN ON. UNLOCKED LG F3 P655K+3G/4G CHEAP ANDROID+USE LEBARA/OVO/VAY A/COLES/AMAYSI M/IINET. LG K3 LS450 8GB Black (Virgin Mobile) Bad Touch Good Condition Bad ESN -08178-. Lg K3 LS450 Black 4GB Smartphone Boost Mobile. LG K3 - LS450 - 4.5" 8GB Boost Mobile Smart Phone, Clean ESN, Parts / repair. LG K3 LS450 8GB Black (Boost Mobile) Cracked Glass Good ESN -04425-. Brand New LG - K3 4G LTE - 8GB - Black - GSM (Factory Unlocked) (AT&T/T-Mobile ). LG K3 LS450 - 8GB - Black (Boost Mobile) CRACKED GLASS. LG K3 LS450 4G LTE CDMA Android Smart Cell Phone *CRACKED*. LG K3 2017 (US110) (U S Cellular). Unlocked LG K3 4G LTE GSM LS450 Smartphone ATT Tmobile/WorldW ide. For LG K3 4G LTE K100 K100DS Retro Weave Knit Leather Stand Flip Case Cover New. LG K3 4G LTE - LGAS110 - Black - unlocked New Other. *FOR PARTS* LG K3 LS450 - Black (Unknown Carrier) GSM Touchscreen Smartphone. LG K3 LS450 BLACK SPRINT SMARTPHONE (NOT WORKING). NEW! FreedomPop LG K3 (2017) W/Free service. CELLULAR SMARTPHONE (READ BELOW PLEASE) (ESN CLEAR). Boost Mobile LG K3 Prepaid Smartphone. Brand New Boost Mobile - LG K3 with 8GB Memory Prepaid Cell Phone - Black. LG K3 Boost Mobile Android Prepaid Smartphone BOOSt Mobile. Unlocked LG K3 (2017) AS110 8GB Black Android GSM Smartphone. Fast Ship NEW Virgin Mobile LG K3 LS450 4G LTE 4.5" Andriod 6.0 8GB 5MP (Black). NEW LOT OF 5 Virgin Mobile - LG K3 with 8GB Memory Prepaid Cell Phone QUAD CORE. Brand New Boost Mobile - LG K3 with 8GB Memory Prepaid Cell Phone - Black. Virgin Mobile Black LG K3 4.5" LTE Smartphone 8GB Touchscreen Prepaid Cell. LG K3 LS450 - 8GB - Black (Boost Mobile) Smartphone * Great A+ Conditions. LG K3 US110 8GB US Cellular Clean ESN. LG K3 CDMA Network Unlocked (Sprint,Verizo n,Boost,Virgin ,US Cellular). LG K3 LS450 - 8GB - Black (Boost Mobile) Smartphone. LG K3 (Virgin Mobile) Clean ESN. For LG K3 4G LTE K100 K100DS LS450 Business Crocodile PU Leather Hard Case Cover. Canvas Case Pouch Belt Holster Clip for Boost-Virgin Mobile LG K3 LS450 LGLS450. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. eBay determines this price through a machine learned model of the product's sale prices within the last 90 days.. eBay determines trending price through a machine learned model of the product’s sale prices within the last 90 days. "New" refers to a brand-new, unused, unopened, undamaged item, and "Used" refers to an item that has been used previously.. Top Rated Plus Sellers with highest buyer ratings Returns, money back Ships in a business day with tracking Learn More. Top Rated Plus Sellers with highest buyer ratings Returns, money back Ships in a business day with tracking Learn More. Sports Mem, Cards & Fan Shop. $ Enter minimum price to $ Enter maximum price. Please enter a minimum and/or maximum price before continuing.. Site Map Copyright © 1995-2018 eBay Inc. Accessibility , User Agreement , Privacy , Cookies and AdChoice Norton Secured - powered by Verisign. Amounts shown in italicized text are for items listed in currency other than U.S. dollars and are approximate conversions to U.S. dollars based upon Bloomberg's conversion rates. For more recent exchange rates, please use the Universal Currency Converter. Number of bids and bid amounts may be slightly out of date. See each listing for international shipping options and costs.. 
CNET también está disponible en español.. Virgin, Boost Mobile nab affordable LG K3 phone. Sprint's two prepaid brands launch the phone online today, and it will hit stores next week.. June 17, 2016 10:55 AM PDT. Virgin Mobile and Boost Mobile on Friday launched the K3, the latest in LG's line of affordable phones.. The $80 LG K3 will hit retail stores next week.. The two prepaid carriers, which are owned and run by Sprint, started selling the $80 K3 online today, with the phone hitting retail stores next week.. The phone runs on Android 6.0, has a 4.5-inch IPS touchscreen display, 1 gigabyte of RAM and 8GB of storage, a 1,940 mAh battery and a Qualcomm Snapdragon 210 1-gigahertz processor. It can work as a mobile hotspot and roam in Mexico.. The carriers note the 5-megapixel camera has flash and an HD camcorder, while the VGA front-facing camera can take selfies using face detection and hand gestures.. Be respectful, keep it clean and stay on topic. We delete comments that violate our policy , which we encourage you to read. Discussion threads can be closed at any time at our discretion.. Homeland Security's tall order: A hacker-free election. CNET may earn fees when you click through to a partner site.. 
Phones up to $ 270 Off. Up To $ 150 Off. 4 Lines $ 25 /mo. Choose from Unlimited Data, Family Plans, international calling options, and Wi-Fi Hotspot Plans.. Get your next phone for as low as $1 down. Sign into My Account to see if you qualify.. Managing your account should be easy, and with the My Boost App, it is.. We're looking for energetic retailers to join our award-winning brand.. Shop our outrageous deals on the newest and most popular phones. Or bring your own phone to Boost*.. Get a head start & check out our excellent unlimited data plans while you wait for your order.. When your phone or SIM kit arrives, follow the steps to activate your Boost Mobile service!. *Available only for eligible devices, to see if your phone is compatible, visit our FAQs.. installment agreement, 0% APR, & qualifying device & service plan. Eligible customers can finance up to $300. A down payment is required at time of upgrade. Sales taxes for full purchase price due at the time of the sale. If you cancel wireless service, remaining balance on device becomes due.. Plans: Plans include unlimited domestic talk, text, data (applicable high-speed monthly data allotment), 50 domestic voice roaming minutes (select devices) and 411 Directory Assistance calls (interactive voice services only). The total sales price includes the charge for (1) services and (2) taxes and fees. Funds must be added within 60 days of mo. Family Plan: Up to 5 lines total. Secondary lines responsible for add-on purchases that are not part of the monthly pymt. Data Terms: Once plan’s high-speed data allotment reached, speeds reduced to 2G until monthly plan cycle ends. Unlimited voice and data services are on-network only. Unlimited 4G LTE data where available.. Quality of Service Practices (QoS): Unlimited Gigs customers who use more than 23GB of data during a billing cycle will be de-prioritized during times and places where the Sprint network is constrained. See sprint.com/networkmanagement for details.. Mobile Hotspot, VPN & P2P: Mobile hotspot limited to applicable allotment on the unlimited plans. Other plans, usage draws from high-speed data allotment and limited to 2G speeds once monthly allotment reached.. Unlimited Music Streaming: Some streaming partners may req. paid subscription or assess other fees. Cloud streaming, song downloads, video content, non-audio content & other data sent by streaming partners (e.g., pic advertisements, album art) excluded. Visit boostmobile.com/datafreemusic for details.. Other terms: Boost has no annual svc. is subject to terms & conditions. Sprint 4G LTE network reaches over 290 million people. Boost reserves the right to change or cancel offer at any time. Prohibited network use rules & other restrictions apply.. 
Hi! Get more out of Walmart.com. Stretch your tax refund FREE Grocery Pickup See All Departments. Reorder Items Pickup Today Track Order Your Account Store Finder. Shop Electronics Smart Home Wearable Tech Cameras & Camcorders Walmart for Business Video Games. Shop all TV & Video TVs DVD & Blu-ray Players Home Audio & Theater TV Accessories. Shop all Cell Phones Straight Talk Phones Unlocked Phones Contract Phones No-Contract Phones Prepaid Minutes & Data Cases & Accessories. Shop all iPad & Tablets iPad Windows Tablets Android Tablets Accessories. Shop all Computers Laptops Desktops PC Gaming Printers & Supplies Networking Software Monitors Accessories. Shop all Auto Electronics GPS & Navigation. Shop all Portable Audio iPod & MP3 Players Headphones Speakers & Docks. Shop all Office Supplies Office Electronics School Supplies. Star Wars Marvel: Avengers Musical Instruments Computer Software. Shop all Movies & TV 2-Day Shipping Action & Adventure Blu-ray Discs Boxed Sets Children & Family Instawatch Movie DVDs New Releases Preorders TV Shows. Shop all Music 2-Day Shipping Music Gift Cards Country Music Soundtracks Vinyl New Releases Pop R&B / Soul Rock Top 100 CDs. Shop all Books Deals in books Preorders New Releases Biographies & Memoirs Children's Books Christian Books & Bibles Cookbooks, Food & Wine Comics & Graphic Novels Crafts & Hobbies Humor Literature & Fiction Health and Wellness Teen & Young Adult. Shop all Shop By Room Living Room Bedroom Bathroom Dining Room Kitchen Kids' Room Teens' Room Patio Entryway Office. Shop all Shop By Category Appliances Bath Bedding Furniture Home Decor Kids’ Bedding Kids’ Furniture Kitchen & Dining Lighting Mattresses Patio & Garden Rugs Storage & Organization Vacuums & Floor Care Window Coverings. Shop all Brand Shops KitchenAid Better Homes and Gardens The Pioneer Woman Mainstays. Shop all Specialty Shops Home Gift Guide Back to College Shop by Style. Shop All Home Improvement Bathroom Renovations Kitchen Renovations Water Purification Generators Garage & Storage. Shop all Air Quality Dehumidifiers Humidifiers. Shop all Tools Power Tools Hand Tools. Shop all Heating & Cooling Heaters Fireplaces Stoves. Shop all Paint Interior & Exterior Paint Ladders. Shop all Patio & Garden Patio Furniture Patio & Outdoor Decor Sheds & Outdoor Storage Outdoor Shade Grills & Outdoor Cooking Outdoor Heating Swimming Pools Hot Tubs & Saunas. Shop all Garden Center Outdoor Power Equipment Landscaping Pots & Planters. Shop all Industrial & Scientific Janitorial & Sanitation Supplies Food Service Equipment. Shop All Clothing Intimates & Sleepwear All Shoes Boys' Girls' Swim Shop Spring Fashion Activewear Shop School Uniforms Precious Metals Bags & Accessories Luggage Sleepwear Shop Premium Beauty Fashion Brands Clearance & More. Shop all Women's Women's Plus Juniors' Maternity Women's Shoes. Shop all Jewelry Wedding & Engagement Watches Fine Jewelry Fashion Jewelry Personalized Jewelry. Shop all Men's Men's Big & Tall Young Men's Men's Shoes Men's Jewelry. Shop all Baby & Toddlers' Baby Girl Baby Boy Toddler Girl Toddler Boy Baby & Kids' Shoes. Shop All Baby Baby Deals Parent's Choice Britax Premium Brands Restock Shop Baby Registry Baby Box Strollers Car Seats Baby & Toddler Clothing. Shop all Diapering & Potty Diapers Wipes Diaper Bags. Shop all Feeding Breast Feeding Bottle Feeding Baby Formula Baby Food Toddler Feeding Bibs & Burp Cloths. Shop all Nursery & Décor Cribs Furniture Bedding Décor. Shop all Toddler Room Furniture Bedding. Shop all Play & Travel Gear Playstations & Walkers Playards Swings Carriers & Wraps Baby & Toddler Toys. Shop all Health & Safety Bath Baby Gates Baby Monitors Baby Care. Toys Savings Musical Instruments Boys' Toys Girls' Toys Xbox One X Retro Gaming. Shop all Toys Action Figures Dolls & Dollhouses Cars, Drones & RC LEGO & Building Sets Pretend Play Arts & Crafts Electronics for Kids Learning Toys Nerf & Blasters Stuffed Animals & Plush Games & Puzzles. Shop all Bikes & Ride-Ons Kids' Bikes Ride-On Toys Hoverboards. Shop all Outdoor Play Swing Sets Trampolines. Shop all Shop by Age Preschool 5-7 8-11 12+. Shop all Video Games Virtual Reality New Releases PlayStation 4 Xbox One Nintendo Switch Accessories Digital Gaming Nintendo 3DS / 2DS Nintendo Wii U / Wii PlayStation VR Preorders Used Games. Restock Shop Fresh Flowers Meal Kits & Specialty Food Boxes Grocery Pickup & Delivery. Shop all Shop All Food Coffee Beverages Snacks & Cookies Breakfast & Cereal Meals Condiments Pasta Candy & Gum Soups Canned Goods Emergency Food Baking Center International Food. Shop all Household Essentials Laundry Room Kitchen Bathroom Paper & Plastic Cleaning Supplies Air Fresheners Batteries Pest Control As Seen On TV Light Bulbs. Shop all Shop All Pets Cats Dogs Fish Small Animals Birds Equine Reptiles. Shop all Clearance & Rollbacks Food Household Essentials Pets. Shop all Beauty Makeup Skin Care Fragrances Beauty Tools Hair Care Premium Beauty. Shop all Brands We Love Flower Culturelle OralB Braun ReliOn. Shop all Personal Care Feminine Care Incontinence. Shop all Shave Electric Shavers Razors. Shop all Oral Care Electric Toothbrushes Water Flossers. Shop all Bath & Body Lotions Body Wash. Shop all Vision Center Prescription Eyewear Contact Lenses. Shop all Health Medicine Cabinet Cold, Cough and Flu Digestive Health Home Health Care Diabetes Management. Shop all Wellness Supplements Protein & Fitness Weight Management Aromatherapy. Shop all Pharmacy Refill Prescriptions Transfer Prescriptions. Shop All Sports Outdoor Sports Emergency Prep Ozark Trail Hunting Trampolines Game Room Basketball Sports Fanshop. Shop all Camping Tents Airbeds Canopies & Shelters. Shop all Fishing Rod & Reel Combos. Shop all Boats & Water Sports Canoes, Kayaks & Boats. Shop all Recreation Bikes Lawn Games Air Soft Air Guns Golf. Shop all Team Sports Baseball & Softball Football. Shop all Exercise & Fitness Boxing Mixed Martial Arts. Shop all Exercise Machines Treadmills Bikes Ellipticals Home Gyms. Shop all Strength and Weight Training Fitness Accessories Ab & Core Toners. Shop All Auto Tires Batteries & Accessories Diagnostic Tools Auto Paint & Accessories Auto Interior Auto Exterior Windshield Wipers Motorcycles & ATVs RV Parts & Accessories Auto Detailing & Car Care Auto Services. Shop all Oils & Fluids Motor Oil Antifreeze & Coolants Transmission, Brake, & Steering Fluids. Shop all Automotive Tools & Equipment Car Battery Chargers & Accessories. Shop all Auto Electronics Car DVD & Video Car Stereos Car Speakers & Subwoofers Power Inverters Dash Cams. Shop all Auto Body Repair Auto Repair Tools. Shop all Auto Replacement Parts Oil Filters Engine Air Filters Spark Plugs Brake Parts. Shop all Photo Center Available Same Day Blankets Calendars Canvas & Wall Art Cards & Invitations Home Decor & Gifts Jewelry & Clothing Mugs Office Phone Cases Photo Books Pillows Posters Prints. Shop all Personalized Shop Easter Rollbacks & Clearance Wedding Invitations Wedding Sweepstakes Graduation Home Decor Clothing & Accessories Bedding & Bath Kitchen & Dining Kids Character Shop. Shop all Personalized Jewelry Rings Necklaces Class Rings. Shop all Gift Cards Mail a Gift Card Email a Gift Card Specialty Gift Cards Check Card Balances Corporate Gift Card Program. Shop all Gift Registry Baby Registry Wedding Registry Lists. Craft Tips & Ideas Costumes & Dress Up Party Ideas & Recipes Christmas Decor Savings Birthday Shop Wedding Shop Valentine's Day Plush. Shop all Arts, Crafts & Sewing Art & Drawing Supplies Beading & Jewelry Crafting Die Cutting Machines Sewing Fabric Scrapbooking Supplies Artificial Plants & Flowers Knitting & Crochet Yarn Craft Furniture & Storage. Shop all Party & Occasions Baking & Pastry Supplies Balloons Cards & Invitations Disposable Tableware Giftwrap & Supplies Party Decorations Party Favors Pinatas. Shop all Party Themes Themed Party Sets Anniversary Baby Shower Halloween Christmas Decor. Stretch your tax refund FREE Grocery Pickup Electronics & Office Movies, Music & Books Home, Furniture & Appliances Home Improvement & Patio Clothing, Shoes & Jewelry Baby & Toddler Toys & Video Games Food, Household & Pets Pharmacy, Health & Beauty Sports, Fitness & Outdoors Auto & Tires Photo & Personalized Shop Sewing, Crafts & Party Supplies See All Departments. Baby Registry Wedding Registry Classroom Supplies. TV & Video TVs DVD & Blu-ray Players Home Audio & Theater TV Accessories. Cell Phones Straight Talk Phones Unlocked Phones Contract Phones No-Contract Phones Prepaid Minutes & Data Cases & Accessories. iPad & Tablets iPad Windows Tablets Android Tablets Accessories. Computers Laptops Desktops PC Gaming Printers & Supplies Networking Software Monitors Accessories. Portable Audio iPod & MP3 Players Headphones Speakers & Docks. Office Supplies Office Electronics School Supplies. Movies & TV 2-Day Shipping Action & Adventure Blu-ray Discs Boxed Sets Children & Family Instawatch Movie DVDs New Releases Preorders TV Shows. Music 2-Day Shipping Music Gift Cards Country Music Soundtracks Vinyl New Releases Pop R&B / Soul Rock Top 100 CDs. Books Deals in books Preorders New Releases Biographies & Memoirs Children's Books Christian Books & Bibles Cookbooks, Food & Wine Comics & Graphic Novels Crafts & Hobbies Humor Literature & Fiction Health and Wellness Teen & Young Adult. Shop By Room Living Room Bedroom Bathroom Dining Room Kitchen Kids' Room Teens' Room Patio Entryway Office. Shop By Category Appliances Bath Bedding Furniture Home Decor Kids’ Bedding Kids’ Furniture Kitchen & Dining Lighting Mattresses Patio & Garden Rugs Storage & Organization Vacuums & Floor Care Window Coverings. Brand Shops KitchenAid Better Homes and Gardens The Pioneer Woman Mainstays. Specialty Shops Home Gift Guide Back to College Shop by Style. Industrial & Scientific Janitorial & Sanitation Supplies Food Service Equipment. Heating & Cooling Heaters Fireplaces Stoves. Paint Interior & Exterior Paint Ladders. Patio & Garden Patio Furniture Patio & Outdoor Decor Sheds & Outdoor Storage Outdoor Shade Grills & Outdoor Cooking Outdoor Heating Swimming Pools Hot Tubs & Saunas. Garden Center Outdoor Power Equipment Landscaping Pots & Planters. Women's Women's Plus Juniors' Maternity Women's Shoes. Jewelry Wedding & Engagement Watches Fine Jewelry Fashion Jewelry Personalized Jewelry. Men's Men's Big & Tall Young Men's Men's Shoes Men's Jewelry. Baby & Toddlers' Baby Girl Baby Boy Toddler Girl Toddler Boy Baby & Kids' Shoes. Diapering & Potty Diapers Wipes Diaper Bags. Feeding Breast Feeding Bottle Feeding Baby Formula Baby Food Toddler Feeding Bibs & Burp Cloths. Nursery & Décor Cribs Furniture Bedding Décor. Play & Travel Gear Playstations & Walkers Playards Swings Carriers & Wraps Baby & Toddler Toys. Health & Safety Bath Baby Gates Baby Monitors Baby Care. Toys Action Figures Dolls & Dollhouses Cars, Drones & RC LEGO & Building Sets Pretend Play Arts & Crafts Electronics for Kids Learning Toys Nerf & Blasters Stuffed Animals & Plush Games & Puzzles. Bikes & Ride-Ons Kids' Bikes Ride-On Toys Hoverboards. Shop by Age Preschool 5-7 8-11 12+. Video Games Virtual Reality New Releases PlayStation 4 Xbox One Nintendo Switch Accessories Digital Gaming Nintendo 3DS / 2DS Nintendo Wii U / Wii PlayStation VR Preorders Used Games. Shop All Food Coffee Beverages Snacks & Cookies Breakfast & Cereal Meals Condiments Pasta Candy & Gum Soups Canned Goods Emergency Food Baking Center International Food. Household Essentials Laundry Room Kitchen Bathroom Paper & Plastic Cleaning Supplies Air Fresheners Batteries Pest Control As Seen On TV Light Bulbs. Meal Kits & Specialty Food Boxes. Shop All Pets Cats Dogs Fish Small Animals Birds Equine Reptiles. Clearance & Rollbacks Food Household Essentials Pets. Beauty Makeup Skin Care Fragrances Beauty Tools Hair Care Premium Beauty. Brands We Love Flower Culturelle OralB Braun ReliOn. Oral Care Electric Toothbrushes Water Flossers. Bath & Body Lotions Body Wash. Vision Center Prescription Eyewear Contact Lenses. Health Medicine Cabinet Cold, Cough and Flu Digestive Health Home Health Care Diabetes Management. Wellness Supplements Protein & Fitness Weight Management Aromatherapy. Camping Tents Airbeds Canopies & Shelters. Fishing Rod & Reel Combos. Boats & Water Sports Canoes, Kayaks & Boats. Recreation Bikes Lawn Games Air Soft Air Guns Golf. Team Sports Baseball & Softball Football. Exercise & Fitness Boxing Mixed Martial Arts. Exercise Machines Treadmills Bikes Ellipticals Home Gyms. Strength and Weight Training Fitness Accessories Ab & Core Toners. Oils & Fluids Motor Oil Antifreeze & Coolants Transmission, Brake, & Steering Fluids. Automotive Tools & Equipment Car Battery Chargers & Accessories. Auto Electronics Car DVD & Video Car Stereos Car Speakers & Subwoofers Power Inverters Dash Cams. Auto Body Repair Auto Repair Tools. Auto Replacement Parts Oil Filters Engine Air Filters Spark Plugs Brake Parts. Photo Center Available Same Day Blankets Calendars Canvas & Wall Art Cards & Invitations Home Decor & Gifts Jewelry & Clothing Mugs Office Phone Cases Photo Books Pillows Posters Prints. Personalized Shop Easter Rollbacks & Clearance Wedding Invitations Wedding Sweepstakes Graduation Home Decor Clothing & Accessories Bedding & Bath Kitchen & Dining Kids Character Shop. Personalized Jewelry Rings Necklaces Class Rings. Gift Cards Mail a Gift Card Email a Gift Card Specialty Gift Cards Check Card Balances Corporate Gift Card Program. Gift Registry Baby Registry Wedding Registry Lists. Arts, Crafts & Sewing Art & Drawing Supplies Beading & Jewelry Crafting Die Cutting Machines Sewing Fabric Scrapbooking Supplies Artificial Plants & Flowers Knitting & Crochet Yarn Craft Furniture & Storage. Party & Occasions Baking & Pastry Supplies Balloons Cards & Invitations Disposable Tableware Giftwrap & Supplies Party Decorations Party Favors Pinatas. Party Themes Themed Party Sets Anniversary Baby Shower Halloween Christmas Decor. All Departments Auto & Tires Baby Beauty Books Cell Phones Clothing Electronics Food. Gifts & Registry Health Home Home Improvement Household Essentials Jewelry Movies Music Office. Party & Occasions Patio & Garden Pets Pharmacy Photo Center Sports & Outdoors Toys Video Games. FREE Grocery Pickup FREE 2-Day Shipping Shop smart with our app Get your flu shot today Stretch your tax refund. FREE Grocery Pickup FREE 2-Day Shipping Shop smart with our app Get your flu shot today Stretch your tax refund. Pickup Today Grocery Pickup Weekly Ads Credit Card Track Order. Cell Phones No-Contract Phones & Plans Shop Phones by Operating System Android. Average rating: out of 5 stars, based on reviews Write a review ratings. This button opens a dialog that displays additional images for this product with the option to zoom in or out.. Tell us if something is incorrect. Sold & shipped by Walmart. See arrival and pickup dates for your area.. Enter ZIP code or city, state. 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10. See arrival and pickup dates for your area.. Enter ZIP code or city, state. Tell us if something is incorrect. Video is not supported in this browser. Get specific details about this product from customers who own it.. Be the first to review this item!. Average rating: 0 out of 5 stars, based on reviews. See any care plans, options and policies that may be associated with this product.. Electrode, Comp-283796787, DC-prod-dfw5, ENV-prod-a, PROF-PROD, VER-21.17.3-rc-1, SHA-c37438843926f3cccffc1b3ed5e62a5a7012bec8, CID-. Help Feedback MoneyCenter Privacy & Security CA Privacy Rights Terms of Use. See All Services Walmart MoneyCenter Walmart Credit Card Product Care Plans Walmart Pay. About Walmart.com Corporate Suppliers Sell on Walmart.com Careers @WalmartLabs The Walmart Digital Museum. Terms of Use About Our Ads Affiliate Program CA Privacy Rights Privacy & Security. Returns Policy Product Recalls Int’l Customers Tax Exempt Program Contact Us Feedback Store Pickup. Electronics Toys Video Games Home Products Clothing Sports & Outdoors Baby Products. 
New LG Smartphone Priced Under $100 – LG K3 – arrives at Boost Mobile and Virgin Mobile USA. 2 Available only on front-facing camera or camcorder. 3 Once plan’s high-speed data allotment reached, speeds reduced to 2G speeds until monthly plan cycle ends. 4 Account must remain enrolled in Auto Re-Boost; un-enrollment from Auto Re-Boost will increase plan cost by $5/month; Auto-Re-Boost requires registration of valid credit/debit card. 5 Hotspot draws from customer’s plan’s data allotment or limited to 8GB if on the $60 unlimited plan. 6 Available on select hotspot-capable devices. May connect up to 10 devices. 7 Unlimited Music Streaming: Some streaming partners may require paid subscription or assess other fees. Cloud streaming, song downloads, video content, non-audio content and other data sent by streaming partners (e.g., pic advertisements, album art) excluded. Visit http://www.boostmobile.com/datafreemusic and check list, as more services may be added. 8 Data Pack add-on available for monthly plans only. Data Pack access ends after plan’s applicable allowance reached or 30 days from purchase date. 9 Limitless Music: Some streaming partners may require paid subscription or assess other fees. Cloud streaming, song downloads, video content, non-audio content and other data sent by streaming partners (e.g., pic advertisements, album art) excluded. Visit http://www.virginmobileusa.com/datafreemusic and check list, as more services may be added.. Boost Mobile and Virgin Mobile USA continue to expand their handset lineups as the first U.S. The smartphone comes with the latest features – such as a front-facing camera that’s perfect for taking selfies – at a price that doesn’t break the bank. Priced at $79.99 (plus tax), the LG K3 is available online today from Boost Mobile and Virgin Mobile USA. Starting next week, the smartphone will be available at Boost Mobile exclusive retail stores and select independent wireless retailers nationwide. Check out all the LG K3 has to offer:. 8GB ROM/1GB RAM (up to 3.10 GB usable). Qualcomm Snapdragon 210 1.1GHz quad-core processor. Say cheese! LG K3 camera features include:. 5-megapixel rear-facing camera with flash and HD camcorder. VGA front-facing camera and VGA camcorder. Auto Shot: Take selfies with the front camera using face detection. Cheese Shutter: Use voice commands to capture a photo. Gesture Shot 2 : Take selfies with a simple hand gesture. Gesture Interval Shot 2 : Make a simple hand gesture twice to take four selfies on a timer. Selfie Light 2 : Screen will illuminate a soft light around the photo preview for well-lit selfies. Boost Mobile customers can earn up to 3GB more high-speed data for their monthly plan by making on-time payments. Growing Data is available on the $35 Unlimited and $45 Unlimited plans 3. Boost also has a $60 Unlimited plan that includes unlimited high-speed data. In addition, Boost offers a $5 monthly discount with Auto Re-Boost enrollment 4 , free 5 mobile hotspot 6 and unlimited music streaming 7. For more information on Boost Mobile plans, visit www.boostmobile.com/growingdata/. Virgin Mobile USA has you covered with three unlimited plans packed with data and limitless music streaming. The $40/month plan with unlimited data, talk and text and 4GB of high-speed data is one of the best values in the prepaid industry. Need even more high-speed data? Virgin Mobile has Data Packs 8 available as an add-on to your monthly plan for $5/1GB and $10/2GB per month. Customers can stream music 9 through their Virgin Mobile device without it counting against their high-speed data allotment. It currently works with Pandora, iHeartRadio, Slacker, 8tracks and Samsung Milk Music, with additional music-streaming providers coming soon.. You must be logged in to view this item.. This area is reserved for members of the news media. If you qualify, please update your user profile and check the box marked "Check here to register as an accredited member of the news media". Please include any notes in the "Supporting information for media credentials" box. We will notify you of your status via e-mail in one business day.. 
https:/ / www.phonescoop.com/ phones/ phone.php? p=5217. 480 x 854 pixels 218 ppi. 1940 mAh LiIon Removable Talk: 14 hours max. 8 GB raw hardware 3.1 GB available to user Expandable via memory card. 5+ megapixel LED flash face detection, voice trigger, burst mode, timer Video: 720p HD. 5.24 x 2.67 x 0.37 in. 133 x 68 x 9.4 mm. Rating: M3, T3 (mostly tele-coil compatible). Languages Supported: English, Spanish, Japanese, .... Supported Profiles: HSP 1.2, HFP 1.6, OPP , PBA , A2DP 1.2, AVRC 1.5, HID , PAN , MAP , HDP version 4.1. volume on left / lock on right. Card Type: microSD up to 32 GB. LG K3 (Boost) product page ». LG K3 (Virgin) product page ». Find a mistake or omission? Submit a Correction. This compact, very affordable Android phone is has a 4.5-inch screen, memory card slot, 5-megapixel camera, and front camera.. LTE 2 / 4 / 5 / 12 / 25 / 26 / 41. WCDMA 2 / 4 / 5. CDMA 800 / 850 / 1900. GSM 850 / 900 / 1800 / 1900. band 2 (II) / 1900 MHz. band 4 (IV) / 1700 MHz. band 5 (V) / 850 MHz. 800 MHz / band 27 / BC10. 850 MHz / band 5 / BC0. 1900 MHz / band 2 / BC1. Subscribe to updates on this phone with RSS. Review: Coolpad Revvl Plus for T-Mobile. The Revvl Plus is an affordable Android slab that delivers an enormous screen at a reasonable price point. Stand-out features include a dual-camera system for capturing bokeh-style portraits, and a fingerprint reader for security. Here is Phone Scoop's in-depth report.. Review: Kingston DataTraveler Duo Bolt for iPhone. The Kingston DataTraveler Duo Bolt is a small thumb drive that plugs into the bottom of your iPhone and saves all your photos and videos. If you're looking for a quick way to free up space on your iOS device, the DataTraveler Duo Bolt is ideal in certain situations.. Review: IK Multimedia iRig Pro I/O for iPhone. The iRig Pro I/O is a compact audio interface that lets musicians, singers, and podcasters connect their instruments or microphones to Apple iPhones, iPads, and Macs. It takes all the best features of the larger iRig Pro Duo and boils them down to the most essential tools in a highly portable package.. Review: ZTE Avid 4 for MetroPCS. ZTE's latest low-cost handset for MetroPCS offers entry-level specs and performance. It includes a 5-inch screen, 8-megapixel camera, and Android 7 Nougat. MetroPCS customers can score this handset for next to nothing, but there might be better options. Here is Phone Scoop's in-depth review.. Hands On with the Samsung Galaxy S9 and S9+. Samsung's new flagship handsets, the Galaxy S9 and S9+, are here and they offer lots to be excited about. Samsung took the wining design of last year's phones and upped the ante with improvements to the chassis, cameras, and software.. Review: Tech 21 Evo Check Case for Pixel 2 XL. Tech 21's latest accessory for the Google Pixel 2 XL is the Evo Check, a three-layer case that provides protection for drops up to three meters. We put this case to the test to see if it's worth your hard-earned dollars.. Review: WeBoost Drive Sleek In-Car Signal Booster. WeBoost's Drive Sleek in-vehicle signal booster amplifies wireless signals inside your car. If you're a mobile professional or road trip fanatic and need better wireless performance when behind the wheel, the WeBoost can help.. Review: Speck Presidio Ultra Case for iPhone X. Speck's newest case for the Apple iPhone X, the Presidio Ultra, is a three-piece kit that includes a base case, an extra bumper, and a rugged holster. If you need hardcore protection with a little bit of flexibility throughout the day, the Presidio Ultra is an interesting entry.. Subscribe to Phone Scoop News with RSS. Subscribe to Phone Scoop on YouTube. All content Copyright 2001-2018 Phone Factor, LLC. Content on this site may not be copied or republished without formal permission.. By registering, you agree to our Terms of Use. We value your privacy and will never share your email address. 
Select the department you want to search in. Sign in Account & Lists Sign in Account & Lists Orders Try Prime Cart. Your Amazon.com Today's Deals Gift Cards Registry Sell Help Disability Customer Support. 1-16 of 996 results for "lg k3 phone". See all results for lg k3 phone .. LG Electronics K3 - Factory Unlocked Phone - (Black). Only 7 left in stock - order soon.. $44.52 (9 used &amp new offers). LG K3 , 1.1 GHz Qualcomm Snapdragon Quad Core, Andriod 6. Boost Mobile - LG K3 with 8GB Memory Prepaid Cell Phone - Black. by Exclusive ExpressUSA Boost Bundle TM.. Only 11 left in stock - order soon.. $30.00 (18 used &amp new offers). Virgin Mobile - LG K3 with 8GB Memory Prepaid Cell Phone - Black 4.5 IPS touch screen. Only 3 left in stock - order soon.. Virgin Mobile - LG K3 with 8GB Memory Prepaid Cell Phone - Black 4. OEM Original Battery for LG BL-49JH 1940mAh LG EAC63138806 LS450 K3. Only 3 left in stock - order soon.. $7.99 (8 used &amp new offers). Product Features Compatible Brand: For LG. Professional Ultra SanDisk 32GB LG K3 MicroSDHC card with CUSTOM Hi-Speed, Lossless Format! Includes Standard SD Adapter. by Custom SanDisk for LG. Product Features Finally, a CUSTOM and GUARANTEED MicroSDHC to use with your LG K3. LG [K3] Armor Case [NakedShield] [Black/Black] Heavy Duty Armor [Holster with Kickstand] Phone Case - [Pink Hunter Camouflage] for LG [K3] [LS450]. by NakedShield for LG [K3]. KickStand and Phone Holster Fits LG [ K3 ] [LS450] [Make Sure .... OEM Original Battery for LG BL-49JH 1940mAh LG EAC63138806 LS450 K3 3.8V - Black (Certified Refurbished). Product Features Compatible Brand: For LG. LG K3 LS450 case, Luckiefind® Dual Layer Hybrid Side Kickstand Cover Case With Holster Clip, Stylus Pen, Tempered Glass Screen Protector Accessory (Holster green). Product Features Protect your phone with this stylish premium high-quality case.. LG K3 case, Luckiefind PU Leather Bling Flip Wallet Credit Card Cover Case, Stylus Pen, Screen Protector Accessories (Wallet Red). LG K3 case, Luckiefind Design Dual Layer Hybrid Cover Case with stand, Stylus Pen, Screen Protector Accessories (Stand Purple). Only 1 left in stock - order soon.. Product Features Protect your phone with style through this sleek wallet leather pouch. LG K3 case, Luckiefind® Frosted Matte TPU Flexible Thin Gel Cover Case, Stylus Pen, Screen Protector & Wiper Accessory (TPU Purple). Product Features Only for LG K3 , stylus pen, screen protector & wiper included.. Professional Kingston 32GB LG K3 MicroSDHC Card with custom formatting and Standard SD Adapter! (Class 10, UHS-I). by Custom Kingston for LG. Only 3 left in stock - order soon.. Product Features RELIABLE and SIMPLE to use since this is designed for your LG K3. ePartSolution_2X LG K3 LS450 l LG Phoenix 2 / Escape 3 K373 USB Charger Charging Port Dock Connector USB Port Replacement Part USA Seller. Product Features LG K3 LS450 Charging Port. LG K3 LS450 case, Luckiefind® Dual Layer Hybrid Side Kickstand Cover Case With Holster Clip, Stylus Pen, Tempered Glass Screen Protector Accessory (Holster Blue). Product Features Protect your phone with this stylish premium high-quality case.. LG [K3] Defender Cover [ArmorXtreme] [Black/Black] Heavy Duty Warrior [Holster] [Kick Stand] - [Venezuela Flag] for LG [K3] [LS450]. by ArmorXtreme for LG [K3]. LG [K3] Armor Case [NakedShield] [Black/Black] Heavy Duty Armor [Holster with Kickstand] Phone Case - [Marine Flag] for LG [K3] [LS450]. by NakedShield for LG [K3]. All customers get FREE Shipping on orders over $25 shipped by Amazon. Cell Phone Car Cradles & Mounts. Cell Phone Cases, Holsters & Clips. 4 Stars & Up & Up. 3 Stars & Up & Up. 2 Stars & Up & Up. 1 Star & Up & Up. There's a problem loading this menu right now.. Get fast, free shipping with Amazon Prime. Prime members enjoy FREE Two-Day Shipping and exclusive access to music, movies, TV shows, original audio series, and Kindle books.. Careers About Amazon Investor Relations Amazon Devices. Sell on Amazon Sell Your Services on Amazon Sell on Amazon Business Sell Your Apps on Amazon Become an Affiliate Advertise Your Products Self-Publish with Us › See all. Amazon Rewards Visa Signature Cards Amazon.com Store Card Amazon.com Corporate Credit Line Shop with Points Credit Card Marketplace Reload Your Balance Amazon Currency Converter. Your Account Your Orders Shipping Rates & Policies Amazon Prime Returns & Replacements Manage Your Content and Devices Amazon Assistant Help. Amazon Music Stream millions of songs. Amazon Drive Cloud storage from Amazon. 6pm Score deals on fashion brands. AbeBooks Books, art & collectibles. ACX Audiobook Publishing Made Easy. Alexa Actionable Analytics for the Web. Amazon Business Everything For Your Business. AmazonFresh Groceries & More Right To Your Door. AmazonGlobal Ship Orders Internationally. Home Services Handpicked Pros Happiness Guarantee. Amazon Inspire Digital Educational Resources. Amazon Rapids Fun stories for kids on the go. Amazon Restaurants Food delivery from local restaurants. Amazon Video Direct Video Distribution Made Easy. Amazon Web Services Scalable Cloud Computing Services. Audible Download Audio Books. AudiobookStand Discount Audiobooks on Disc. Book Depository Books With Free Delivery Worldwide. Box Office Mojo Find Movie Box Office Data. ComiXology Thousands of Digital Comics. CreateSpace Indie Print Publishing Made Easy. DPReview Digital Photography. East Dane Designer Men's Fashion. Fabric Sewing, Quilting & Knitting. Goodreads Book reviews & recommendations. IMDb Movies, TV & Celebrities. IMDbPro Get Info Entertainment Professionals Need. Junglee.com Shop Online in India. Kindle Direct Publishing Indie Digital Publishing Made Easy. Prime Now FREE 2-Hour Delivery on Everyday Items. Prime Photos Unlimited Photo Storage Free With Prime. Shopbop Designer Fashion Brands. TenMarks.com Math Activities for Kids & Schools. Warehouse Deals Open-Box Discounts. Whole Foods Market America’s Healthiest Grocery Store. Withoutabox Submit to Film Festivals. Woot! Deals and Shenanigans. Zappos Shoes & Clothing. Souq.com Shop Online in the Middle East. Subscribe with Amazon Discover & try subscription services. Conditions of Use Privacy Notice Interest-Based Ads © 1996-2018, Amazon.com, Inc. 
Our new search experience requires JavaScript to be enabled. Please enable JavaScript on your browser , then try again .. All Categories Antiques Art Baby Books Business & Industrial Cameras & Photo Cell Phones & Accessories Clothing, Shoes & Accessories Coins & Paper Money Collectibles Computers/Tablets & Networking Consumer Electronics Crafts Dolls & Bears DVDs & Movies eBay Motors Entertainment Memorabilia Gift Cards & Coupons Health & Beauty Home & Garden Jewelry & Watches Music Musical Instruments & Gear Pet Supplies Pottery & Glass Real Estate Specialty Services Sporting Goods Sports Mem, Cards & Fan Shop Stamps Tickets & Experiences Toys & Hobbies Travel Video Games & Consoles Everything Else. Hi ( Sign in to bid or buy) Daily Deals Gift Cards Help & Contact Sell. Summary Recently Viewed Bids/Offers Watch List Purchase History Selling Saved Searches Saved Sellers Messages. Refine your search for lg k3 accessories. All Listings - Current page. results for lg k3 accessories. Save lg k3 accessories to get e-mail alerts and updates on your eBay Feed.. Unfollow lg k3 accessories to stop getting updates on your eBay Feed.. You'll receive email and Feed alerts when new items arrive. Afghanistan - AFG Albania - ALB Algeria - DZA American Samoa - ASM Andorra - AND Angola - AGO Anguilla - AIA Antigua and Barbuda - ATG Argentina - ARG Armenia - ARM Aruba - ABW Australia - AUS Austria - AUT Azerbaijan Republic - AZE Bahamas - BHS Bahrain - BHR Bangladesh - BGD Barbados - BRB Belarus - BLR Belgium - BEL Belize - BLZ Benin - BEN Bermuda - BMU Bhutan - BTN Bolivia - BOL Bosnia and Herzegovina - BIH Botswana - BWA Brazil - BRA British Virgin Islands - VGB Brunei Darussalam - BRN Bulgaria - BGR Burkina Faso - BFA Burma - MMR Burundi - BDI Cambodia - KHM Cameroon - CMR Canada - CAN Cape Verde Islands - CPV Cayman Islands - CYM Central African Republic - CAF Chad - TCD Chile - CHL China - CHN Colombia - COL Comoros - COM Congo, Democratic Republic of the - COD Congo, Republic of the - COG Cook Islands - COK Costa Rica - CRI Cote d Ivoire (Ivory Coast) - CIV Croatia, Republic of - HRV Cyprus - CYP Czech Republic - CZE Denmark - DNK Djibouti - DJI Dominica - DMA Dominican Republic - DOM Ecuador - ECU Egypt - EGY El Salvador - SLV Equatorial Guinea - GNQ Eritrea - ERI Estonia - EST Ethiopia - ETH Falkland Islands (Islas Malvinas) - FLK Fiji - FJI Finland - FIN France - FRA French Guiana - GUF French Polynesia - PYF Gabon Republic - GAB Gambia - GMB Georgia - GEO Germany - DEU Ghana - GHA Gibraltar - GIB Greece - GRC Greenland - GRL Grenada - GRD Guadeloupe - GLP Guam - GUM Guatemala - GTM Guernsey - GGY Guinea - GIN Guinea-Bissau - GNB Guyana - GUY Haiti - HTI Honduras - HND Hong Kong - HKG Hungary - HUN Iceland - ISL India - IND Indonesia - IDN Ireland - IRL Israel - ISR Italy - ITA Jamaica - JAM Japan - JPN Jersey - JEY Jordan - JOR Kazakhstan - KAZ Kenya - KEN Kiribati - KIR Korea, South - KOR Kuwait - KWT Kyrgyzstan - KGZ Laos - LAO Latvia - LVA Lebanon - LBN Liechtenstein - LIE Lithuania - LTU Luxembourg - LUX Macau - MAC Macedonia - MKD Madagascar - MDG Malawi - MWI Malaysia - MYS Maldives - MDV Mali - MLI Malta - MLT Marshall Islands - MHL Martinique - MTQ Mauritania - MRT Mauritius - MUS Mayotte - MYT Mexico - MEX Micronesia - FSM Moldova - MDA Monaco - MCO Mongolia - MNG Montenegro - MNE Montserrat - MSR Morocco - MAR Mozambique - MOZ Namibia - NAM Nauru - NRU Nepal - NPL Netherlands - NLD Netherlands Antilles - ANT New Caledonia - NCL New Zealand - NZL Nicaragua - NIC Niger - NER Nigeria - NGA Niue - NIU Norway - NOR Oman - OMN Pakistan - PAK Palau - PLW Panama - PAN Papua New Guinea - PNG Paraguay - PRY Peru - PER Philippines - PHL Poland - POL Portugal - PRT Puerto Rico - PRI Qatar - QAT Reunion - REU Romania - ROU Russian Federation - RUS Rwanda - RWA Saint Helena - SHN Saint Kitts-Nevis - KNA Saint Lucia - LCA Saint Pierre and Miquelon - SPM Saint Vincent and the Grenadines - VCT San Marino - SMR Saudi Arabia - SAU Senegal - SEN Serbia - SRB Seychelles - SYC Sierra Leone - SLE Singapore - SGP Slovakia - SVK Slovenia - SVN Solomon Islands - SLB Somalia - SOM South Africa - ZAF Spain - ESP Sri Lanka - LKA Suriname - SUR Swaziland - SWZ Sweden - SWE Switzerland - CHE Taiwan - TWN Tajikistan - TJK Tanzania - TZA Thailand - THA Togo - TGO Tonga - TON Trinidad and Tobago - TTO Tunisia - TUN Turkey - TUR Turkmenistan - TKM Turks and Caicos Islands - TCA Tuvalu - TUV Uganda - UGA Ukraine - UKR United Arab Emirates - ARE United Kingdom - UK United States - USA Uruguay - URU Uzbekistan - UZB Vanuatu - VUT Vatican City State - VAT Venezuela - VEN Vietnam - VNM Virgin Islands (U.S) - VIR Wallis and Futuna - WLF Western Sahara - ESH Western Samoa - WSM Yemen - YEM Zambia - ZMB Zimbabwe - ZWE. For LG K3/LS450 Hybrid Defender Shockproof Box Case Cover With Stand Accessories. For LG K3 / LS450 Armor Box Metal Shockproof Brushed Hard Case Cover Accessories. For LG K3 / LS450 Ultra Slim Metal Brushed Protective Box Case Cover Accessories. For LG K3 / LS450 Armor Box Metal Shockproof Brushed Case Accessories Rose Gold. For LG K3 / LS450 Armor Box Metal Shockproof Brushed Hard Case Accessories Gold. For LG K3 / LS450 Armor Box Metal Shockproof Brushed Hard Case Accessories Pink. For LG K3/LS450 Armor Box Metal Shockproof Brushed Hard Case Accessories Purple. For LG K3/LS450 Armor Box Metal Shockproof Brushed Hard Case Accessories Silver. For LG K3 LS450 Leather 2 Tone Wallet Case Pouch Flip Cover Accessory Pink. Premium Tempered Glass Screen Protector For LG Cell Phone Smart Phone Accessory. For LG K3 LS450 HARD Astronoot Hybrid Rubber Silicone Case Accessory Silver. Quality Vertical Belt Pouch Phone Protection Case Cover✔Accessor y Pack✔Green. Slim Metal Aluminum Brushed Protector TPU Box Case Accessories For LG Smartphone. Ultra Slim Metal Aluminum Brushed Hybrid Defender Box Hard Case Accessory For LG. PU Leather Stand Flip Wallet Cover Case Accessories For Samsung LG Sony iPhone. Stand Book PU Leather Wallet Cover Case Accessories For iPhone Samsung Sony LG. Quality Protection Accessory Pack✔Vertical Belt Pouch Phone Case Cover✔Black. Stand Flip PU Leather Wallet Cover Case Accessories For Samsung Sony LG Huawei. Accessory Adapter Car Cigarette Lighter Charger Seri LG Optimus. Premium Tempered Glass Screen Protector For LG Cell Phone Smart Phone Accessory. 9H Clear Premium Tempered Glass Screen Protector For LG Cell Phone Accessory. Pouch Flip Case Skin Protection Accessories Flip Case For LG K3 (K100) @COFI. CAR+1.2 AMP WALL HOME CHARGER+STEREO HEADSET ACCESSORY FOR LG K3. BRAND NEW MICRO USB CAR CHARGER ACCESSORY FOR LG K3. MICRO (1.2 AMP) WALL TRAVEL HOME CHARGER ACCESSORY FOR LG K3. Tempered Glas Display Glass @ COFI Tempered Glass Accessories For LG K3 (k100n). For LG K3 / LS450 Armor Box Metal Shockproof Brushed Hard Case Accessories Black. Premium Tempered Glass Screen Protector For LG Cell Phone Smart Phone Accessory. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. eBay determines this price through a machine learned model of the product's sale prices within the last 90 days.. eBay determines trending price through a machine learned model of the product’s sale prices within the last 90 days. "New" refers to a brand-new, unused, unopened, undamaged item, and "Used" refers to an item that has been used previously.. Top Rated Plus Sellers with highest buyer ratings Returns, money back Ships in a business day with tracking Learn More. Top Rated Plus Sellers with highest buyer ratings Returns, money back Ships in a business day with tracking Learn More. Cell Phones, Smart Watches & Accessories. Cell Phone Cases, Covers & Skins. $ Enter minimum price to $ Enter maximum price. Please enter a minimum and/or maximum price before continuing.. Site Map Copyright © 1995-2018 eBay Inc. Accessibility , User Agreement , Privacy , Cookies and AdChoice Norton Secured - powered by Verisign. Number of bids and bid amounts may be slightly out of date. See each listing for international shipping options and costs.. 
The next video is starting stop. LG K3 Full Review {Boost Mobile}. Want to watch this again later?. Sign in to add this video to a playlist.. Sign in to report inappropriate content.. Sign in to make your opinion count.. Sign in to make your opinion count.. The interactive transcript could not be loaded.. Rating is available when the video has been rented.. This feature is not available right now. LG K3 LS450 Full Review {Boost Mobile} Follow me on social media: Periscope @cvtech1 Twitter: @carolinavenom83 Google+ https://plus.google.com/+CVTechReviews. When autoplay is enabled, a suggested video will automatically play next.. LG K3 Hard Reset / Bypass Screen Lock / Format / Restore. LG K3 Review: $30 Android Worth it?. Codes in LG K3 4G LS450 - Secret Menu / Advanced Settins / Tricks. LG K3 Review Pt 1 (Virgin Mobile USA). LG K3 2016 specs,features & details,price. LG K3 Boost Mobile Final Review. LG K3- LG Cheapest 4G Smartphone with Great features. How to Install SIM & SD in LG K3 4G LS450 - Set Up SIM & SD. LG K3 Unboxing: A $30 Dollar Android!. Remove Battery in LG K3 4G LS450 - Open Back Cover / Force Restart. LG K3 Phone Virgin Mobile Unboxing ($39.99). LG K3 Review Pt 2 (Virgin Mobile USA). How To Hard Reset An LG myTouch E739 Smartphone. "NEW" LG K3 Unboxing {Boost Mobile}. LG K3 Unboxing (Virgin Mobile USA). Review LG K5 X220DS (unboxing, design, perfomance, camera). Sign in to add this to Watch Later. 
Hi! Get more out of Walmart.com. Stretch your tax refund FREE Grocery Pickup See All Departments. Reorder Items Pickup Today Track Order Your Account Store Finder. Shop Electronics Smart Home Wearable Tech Cameras & Camcorders Walmart for Business Video Games. Shop all TV & Video TVs DVD & Blu-ray Players Home Audio & Theater TV Accessories. Shop all Cell Phones Straight Talk Phones Unlocked Phones Contract Phones No-Contract Phones Prepaid Minutes & Data Cases & Accessories. Shop all iPad & Tablets iPad Windows Tablets Android Tablets Accessories. Shop all Computers Laptops Desktops PC Gaming Printers & Supplies Networking Software Monitors Accessories. Shop all Auto Electronics GPS & Navigation. Shop all Portable Audio iPod & MP3 Players Headphones Speakers & Docks. Shop all Office Supplies Office Electronics School Supplies. Star Wars Marvel: Avengers Musical Instruments Computer Software. Shop all Movies & TV 2-Day Shipping Action & Adventure Blu-ray Discs Boxed Sets Children & Family Instawatch Movie DVDs New Releases Preorders TV Shows. Shop all Music 2-Day Shipping Music Gift Cards Country Music Soundtracks Vinyl New Releases Pop R&B / Soul Rock Top 100 CDs. Shop all Books Deals in books Preorders New Releases Biographies & Memoirs Children's Books Christian Books & Bibles Cookbooks, Food & Wine Comics & Graphic Novels Crafts & Hobbies Humor Literature & Fiction Health and Wellness Teen & Young Adult. Shop all Shop By Room Living Room Bedroom Bathroom Dining Room Kitchen Kids' Room Teens' Room Patio Entryway Office. Shop all Shop By Category Appliances Bath Bedding Furniture Home Decor Kids’ Bedding Kids’ Furniture Kitchen & Dining Lighting Mattresses Patio & Garden Rugs Storage & Organization Vacuums & Floor Care Window Coverings. Shop all Brand Shops KitchenAid Better Homes and Gardens The Pioneer Woman Mainstays. Shop all Specialty Shops Home Gift Guide Back to College Shop by Style. Shop All Home Improvement Bathroom Renovations Kitchen Renovations Water Purification Generators Garage & Storage. Shop all Air Quality Dehumidifiers Humidifiers. Shop all Tools Power Tools Hand Tools. Shop all Heating & Cooling Heaters Fireplaces Stoves. Shop all Paint Interior & Exterior Paint Ladders. Shop all Patio & Garden Patio Furniture Patio & Outdoor Decor Sheds & Outdoor Storage Outdoor Shade Grills & Outdoor Cooking Outdoor Heating Swimming Pools Hot Tubs & Saunas. Shop all Garden Center Outdoor Power Equipment Landscaping Pots & Planters. Shop all Industrial & Scientific Janitorial & Sanitation Supplies Food Service Equipment. Shop All Clothing Intimates & Sleepwear All Shoes Boys' Girls' Swim Shop Spring Fashion Activewear Shop School Uniforms Precious Metals Bags & Accessories Luggage Sleepwear Shop Premium Beauty Fashion Brands Clearance & More. Shop all Women's Women's Plus Juniors' Maternity Women's Shoes. Shop all Jewelry Wedding & Engagement Watches Fine Jewelry Fashion Jewelry Personalized Jewelry. Shop all Men's Men's Big & Tall Young Men's Men's Shoes Men's Jewelry. Shop all Baby & Toddlers' Baby Girl Baby Boy Toddler Girl Toddler Boy Baby & Kids' Shoes. Shop All Baby Baby Deals Parent's Choice Britax Premium Brands Restock Shop Baby Registry Baby Box Strollers Car Seats Baby & Toddler Clothing. Shop all Diapering & Potty Diapers Wipes Diaper Bags. Shop all Feeding Breast Feeding Bottle Feeding Baby Formula Baby Food Toddler Feeding Bibs & Burp Cloths. Shop all Nursery & Décor Cribs Furniture Bedding Décor. Shop all Toddler Room Furniture Bedding. Shop all Play & Travel Gear Playstations & Walkers Playards Swings Carriers & Wraps Baby & Toddler Toys. Shop all Health & Safety Bath Baby Gates Baby Monitors Baby Care. Toys Savings Musical Instruments Boys' Toys Girls' Toys Xbox One X Retro Gaming. Shop all Toys Action Figures Dolls & Dollhouses Cars, Drones & RC LEGO & Building Sets Pretend Play Arts & Crafts Electronics for Kids Learning Toys Nerf & Blasters Stuffed Animals & Plush Games & Puzzles. Shop all Bikes & Ride-Ons Kids' Bikes Ride-On Toys Hoverboards. Shop all Outdoor Play Swing Sets Trampolines. Shop all Shop by Age Preschool 5-7 8-11 12+. Shop all Video Games Virtual Reality New Releases PlayStation 4 Xbox One Nintendo Switch Accessories Digital Gaming Nintendo 3DS / 2DS Nintendo Wii U / Wii PlayStation VR Preorders Used Games. Restock Shop Fresh Flowers Meal Kits & Specialty Food Boxes Grocery Pickup & Delivery. Shop all Shop All Food Coffee Beverages Snacks & Cookies Breakfast & Cereal Meals Condiments Pasta Candy & Gum Soups Canned Goods Emergency Food Baking Center International Food. Shop all Household Essentials Laundry Room Kitchen Bathroom Paper & Plastic Cleaning Supplies Air Fresheners Batteries Pest Control As Seen On TV Light Bulbs. Shop all Shop All Pets Cats Dogs Fish Small Animals Birds Equine Reptiles. Shop all Clearance & Rollbacks Food Household Essentials Pets. Shop all Beauty Makeup Skin Care Fragrances Beauty Tools Hair Care Premium Beauty. Shop all Brands We Love Flower Culturelle OralB Braun ReliOn. Shop all Personal Care Feminine Care Incontinence. Shop all Shave Electric Shavers Razors. Shop all Oral Care Electric Toothbrushes Water Flossers. Shop all Bath & Body Lotions Body Wash. Shop all Vision Center Prescription Eyewear Contact Lenses. Shop all Health Medicine Cabinet Cold, Cough and Flu Digestive Health Home Health Care Diabetes Management. Shop all Wellness Supplements Protein & Fitness Weight Management Aromatherapy. Shop all Pharmacy Refill Prescriptions Transfer Prescriptions. Shop All Sports Outdoor Sports Emergency Prep Ozark Trail Hunting Trampolines Game Room Basketball Sports Fanshop. Shop all Camping Tents Airbeds Canopies & Shelters. Shop all Fishing Rod & Reel Combos. Shop all Boats & Water Sports Canoes, Kayaks & Boats. Shop all Recreation Bikes Lawn Games Air Soft Air Guns Golf. Shop all Team Sports Baseball & Softball Football. Shop all Exercise & Fitness Boxing Mixed Martial Arts. Shop all Exercise Machines Treadmills Bikes Ellipticals Home Gyms. Shop all Strength and Weight Training Fitness Accessories Ab & Core Toners. Shop All Auto Tires Batteries & Accessories Diagnostic Tools Auto Paint & Accessories Auto Interior Auto Exterior Windshield Wipers Motorcycles & ATVs RV Parts & Accessories Auto Detailing & Car Care Auto Services. Shop all Oils & Fluids Motor Oil Antifreeze & Coolants Transmission, Brake, & Steering Fluids. Shop all Automotive Tools & Equipment Car Battery Chargers & Accessories. Shop all Auto Electronics Car DVD & Video Car Stereos Car Speakers & Subwoofers Power Inverters Dash Cams. Shop all Auto Body Repair Auto Repair Tools. Shop all Auto Replacement Parts Oil Filters Engine Air Filters Spark Plugs Brake Parts. Shop all Photo Center Available Same Day Blankets Calendars Canvas & Wall Art Cards & Invitations Home Decor & Gifts Jewelry & Clothing Mugs Office Phone Cases Photo Books Pillows Posters Prints. Shop all Personalized Shop Easter Rollbacks & Clearance Wedding Invitations Wedding Sweepstakes Graduation Home Decor Clothing & Accessories Bedding & Bath Kitchen & Dining Kids Character Shop. Shop all Personalized Jewelry Rings Necklaces Class Rings. Shop all Gift Cards Mail a Gift Card Email a Gift Card Specialty Gift Cards Check Card Balances Corporate Gift Card Program. Shop all Gift Registry Baby Registry Wedding Registry Lists. Craft Tips & Ideas Costumes & Dress Up Party Ideas & Recipes Christmas Decor Savings Birthday Shop Wedding Shop Valentine's Day Plush. Shop all Arts, Crafts & Sewing Art & Drawing Supplies Beading & Jewelry Crafting Die Cutting Machines Sewing Fabric Scrapbooking Supplies Artificial Plants & Flowers Knitting & Crochet Yarn Craft Furniture & Storage. Shop all Party & Occasions Baking & Pastry Supplies Balloons Cards & Invitations Disposable Tableware Giftwrap & Supplies Party Decorations Party Favors Pinatas. Shop all Party Themes Themed Party Sets Anniversary Baby Shower Halloween Christmas Decor. Stretch your tax refund FREE Grocery Pickup Electronics & Office Movies, Music & Books Home, Furniture & Appliances Home Improvement & Patio Clothing, Shoes & Jewelry Baby & Toddler Toys & Video Games Food, Household & Pets Pharmacy, Health & Beauty Sports, Fitness & Outdoors Auto & Tires Photo & Personalized Shop Sewing, Crafts & Party Supplies See All Departments. Baby Registry Wedding Registry Classroom Supplies. TV & Video TVs DVD & Blu-ray Players Home Audio & Theater TV Accessories. Cell Phones Straight Talk Phones Unlocked Phones Contract Phones No-Contract Phones Prepaid Minutes & Data Cases & Accessories. iPad & Tablets iPad Windows Tablets Android Tablets Accessories. Computers Laptops Desktops PC Gaming Printers & Supplies Networking Software Monitors Accessories. Portable Audio iPod & MP3 Players Headphones Speakers & Docks. Office Supplies Office Electronics School Supplies. Movies & TV 2-Day Shipping Action & Adventure Blu-ray Discs Boxed Sets Children & Family Instawatch Movie DVDs New Releases Preorders TV Shows. Music 2-Day Shipping Music Gift Cards Country Music Soundtracks Vinyl New Releases Pop R&B / Soul Rock Top 100 CDs. Books Deals in books Preorders New Releases Biographies & Memoirs Children's Books Christian Books & Bibles Cookbooks, Food & Wine Comics & Graphic Novels Crafts & Hobbies Humor Literature & Fiction Health and Wellness Teen & Young Adult. Shop By Room Living Room Bedroom Bathroom Dining Room Kitchen Kids' Room Teens' Room Patio Entryway Office. Shop By Category Appliances Bath Bedding Furniture Home Decor Kids’ Bedding Kids’ Furniture Kitchen & Dining Lighting Mattresses Patio & Garden Rugs Storage & Organization Vacuums & Floor Care Window Coverings. Brand Shops KitchenAid Better Homes and Gardens The Pioneer Woman Mainstays. Specialty Shops Home Gift Guide Back to College Shop by Style. Industrial & Scientific Janitorial & Sanitation Supplies Food Service Equipment. Heating & Cooling Heaters Fireplaces Stoves. Paint Interior & Exterior Paint Ladders. Patio & Garden Patio Furniture Patio & Outdoor Decor Sheds & Outdoor Storage Outdoor Shade Grills & Outdoor Cooking Outdoor Heating Swimming Pools Hot Tubs & Saunas. Garden Center Outdoor Power Equipment Landscaping Pots & Planters. Women's Women's Plus Juniors' Maternity Women's Shoes. Jewelry Wedding & Engagement Watches Fine Jewelry Fashion Jewelry Personalized Jewelry. Men's Men's Big & Tall Young Men's Men's Shoes Men's Jewelry. Baby & Toddlers' Baby Girl Baby Boy Toddler Girl Toddler Boy Baby & Kids' Shoes. Diapering & Potty Diapers Wipes Diaper Bags. Feeding Breast Feeding Bottle Feeding Baby Formula Baby Food Toddler Feeding Bibs & Burp Cloths. Nursery & Décor Cribs Furniture Bedding Décor. Play & Travel Gear Playstations & Walkers Playards Swings Carriers & Wraps Baby & Toddler Toys. Health & Safety Bath Baby Gates Baby Monitors Baby Care. Toys Action Figures Dolls & Dollhouses Cars, Drones & RC LEGO & Building Sets Pretend Play Arts & Crafts Electronics for Kids Learning Toys Nerf & Blasters Stuffed Animals & Plush Games & Puzzles. Bikes & Ride-Ons Kids' Bikes Ride-On Toys Hoverboards. Shop by Age Preschool 5-7 8-11 12+. Video Games Virtual Reality New Releases PlayStation 4 Xbox One Nintendo Switch Accessories Digital Gaming Nintendo 3DS / 2DS Nintendo Wii U / Wii PlayStation VR Preorders Used Games. Shop All Food Coffee Beverages Snacks & Cookies Breakfast & Cereal Meals Condiments Pasta Candy & Gum Soups Canned Goods Emergency Food Baking Center International Food. Household Essentials Laundry Room Kitchen Bathroom Paper & Plastic Cleaning Supplies Air Fresheners Batteries Pest Control As Seen On TV Light Bulbs. Meal Kits & Specialty Food Boxes. Shop All Pets Cats Dogs Fish Small Animals Birds Equine Reptiles. Clearance & Rollbacks Food Household Essentials Pets. Beauty Makeup Skin Care Fragrances Beauty Tools Hair Care Premium Beauty. Brands We Love Flower Culturelle OralB Braun ReliOn. Oral Care Electric Toothbrushes Water Flossers. Bath & Body Lotions Body Wash. Vision Center Prescription Eyewear Contact Lenses. Health Medicine Cabinet Cold, Cough and Flu Digestive Health Home Health Care Diabetes Management. Wellness Supplements Protein & Fitness Weight Management Aromatherapy. Camping Tents Airbeds Canopies & Shelters. Fishing Rod & Reel Combos. Boats & Water Sports Canoes, Kayaks & Boats. Recreation Bikes Lawn Games Air Soft Air Guns Golf. Team Sports Baseball & Softball Football. Exercise & Fitness Boxing Mixed Martial Arts. Exercise Machines Treadmills Bikes Ellipticals Home Gyms. Strength and Weight Training Fitness Accessories Ab & Core Toners. Oils & Fluids Motor Oil Antifreeze & Coolants Transmission, Brake, & Steering Fluids. Automotive Tools & Equipment Car Battery Chargers & Accessories. Auto Electronics Car DVD & Video Car Stereos Car Speakers & Subwoofers Power Inverters Dash Cams. Auto Body Repair Auto Repair Tools. Auto Replacement Parts Oil Filters Engine Air Filters Spark Plugs Brake Parts. Photo Center Available Same Day Blankets Calendars Canvas & Wall Art Cards & Invitations Home Decor & Gifts Jewelry & Clothing Mugs Office Phone Cases Photo Books Pillows Posters Prints. Personalized Shop Easter Rollbacks & Clearance Wedding Invitations Wedding Sweepstakes Graduation Home Decor Clothing & Accessories Bedding & Bath Kitchen & Dining Kids Character Shop. Personalized Jewelry Rings Necklaces Class Rings. Gift Cards Mail a Gift Card Email a Gift Card Specialty Gift Cards Check Card Balances Corporate Gift Card Program. Gift Registry Baby Registry Wedding Registry Lists. Arts, Crafts & Sewing Art & Drawing Supplies Beading & Jewelry Crafting Die Cutting Machines Sewing Fabric Scrapbooking Supplies Artificial Plants & Flowers Knitting & Crochet Yarn Craft Furniture & Storage. Party & Occasions Baking & Pastry Supplies Balloons Cards & Invitations Disposable Tableware Giftwrap & Supplies Party Decorations Party Favors Pinatas. Party Themes Themed Party Sets Anniversary Baby Shower Halloween Christmas Decor. All Departments Auto & Tires Baby Beauty Books Cell Phones Clothing Electronics Food. Gifts & Registry Health Home Home Improvement Household Essentials Jewelry Movies Music Office. Party & Occasions Patio & Garden Pets Pharmacy Photo Center Sports & Outdoors Toys Video Games. FREE Grocery Pickup FREE 2-Day Shipping Shop smart with our app Get your flu shot today Stretch your tax refund. FREE Grocery Pickup FREE 2-Day Shipping Shop smart with our app Get your flu shot today Stretch your tax refund. Pickup Today Grocery Pickup Weekly Ads Credit Card Track Order. Cell Phones No-Contract Phones & Plans Shop Phones by Operating System Android. Virgin Mobile LG K3 8GB Prepaid Smartphone, Black. Average rating: 2.4667 out of 5 stars, based on 15 reviews 15 reviews ratings. This button opens a dialog that displays additional images for this product with the option to zoom in or out.. Touchscreen Vivid 4.5" color display VGA camera. Tell us if something is incorrect. Sold & shipped by SaveTronix. Or get it by Wednesday, Feb 28 with faster shipping options. Ship to 94066 See shipping options. Free pickup not available from this seller Choose a store Free pickup not available from this seller. Cover drops, spills & cracked screens with a Care Plan. Protect your purchase with a care plan. Cover drops, spills, cracked screens, and more. Plus, get set up and connected with access to 30 days of Soluto Premium Tech Help. Add 2-Year Mobile Phone Protection $ 9. 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12. Or get it by Wednesday, Feb 28 with faster shipping options. Ship to 94066 See shipping options. Free pickup not available from this seller Choose a store Free pickup not available from this seller. Tell us if something is incorrect. Touchscreen Vivid 4.5" color display VGA camera. Get specific details about this product from customers who own it.. Average rating: 2.5 out of 5 stars, based on reviews. relevancy helpful submission-desc submission-asc rating-desc rating-asc. Average rating: 3 out of 5 stars, based on reviews. Have used my phone for 3 months. For $29 I am satisfied, as I mainly use the phone for calls. I frequently call overseas and the voice quality is excellent. I gave only 3 stars because the screen is smaller than my previous phone, and the keypad is small so I have difficulty texting. And this phone does not come preloaded with conventient apps like my former, $120 LG Virgin Mobile phone. BUT for a budget phone for someone who needs the basics of calling and some texting, with little use of YouTube or Facebook-type apps, this is a definite buy!. Yes (25) No (5) Report. Average rating: 1 out of 5 stars, based on reviews. Terrible connectivity, dropped calls, distorted voice, volume at other end so low, can not hear, can not access voicemail, downloads fail continually, breaking, static. Just can not have a normal phone call. $ 30 + wasted, due to extremely limited warranty. Yes (2) No (0) Report. 1-5 of 15 reviews. See any care plans, options and policies that may be associated with this product.. Electrode, Comp-283025142, DC-prod-dfw7, ENV-prod-a, PROF-PROD, VER-21.17.3-rc-1, SHA-c37438843926f3cccffc1b3ed5e62a5a7012bec8, CID-. Help Feedback MoneyCenter Privacy & Security CA Privacy Rights Terms of Use. See All Services Walmart MoneyCenter Walmart Credit Card Product Care Plans Walmart Pay. About Walmart.com Corporate Suppliers Sell on Walmart.com Careers @WalmartLabs The Walmart Digital Museum. Terms of Use About Our Ads Affiliate Program CA Privacy Rights Privacy & Security. Returns Policy Product Recalls Int’l Customers Tax Exempt Program Contact Us Feedback Store Pickup. Electronics Toys Video Games Home Products Clothing Sports & Outdoors Baby Products. 
Compare Cell Phone Plans Prepaid Plans Reviews Carrier Reviews Cell Phone Reviews Guides & Advice Get out of contract How much data do I need? 15 Ways to Lower Your Bill All Articles & Guides Discuss Q&A Forum. Compare Credit Cards All Cards Rewards Cash Back Travel Balance Transfer Low Interest Zero Percent Business Student Secured. Mobile Cell Phones Tablets e-Readers Bluetooth Headsets USB Car Chargers USB Charging Stations FM Transmitters Battery Packs Bluetooth Trackers AUDIO / VIDEO Airplay Speakers Bluetooth Speakers Smart Speakers Bluetooth Headphones Headphones Media Streamers. CAMERAS Action Cameras 360 Degree Cameras WEARABLES Smartwatches Fitness Trackers. Community Join (Free Membership) Login About Us Informr Score Newsletter. LG released the K3 on June 17, 2016.. The K3 price will vary depending on retailer, age, special offers and whether or not it's purchased with a service plan. If purchased with a 2 year service contract for example, you would likely pay much less for the phone itself up front. You can compare LG K3 prices from around the web here on The Informr.. Where can I download the K3 manual?. We've got you covered! Download a free PDF copy of the LG K3 user manual here .. How long is the warranty period?. LG backs up the K3 with a 1 Year parts & labour warranty.. Where can should I go for support, replacement or repairs?. If your K3 has problems and is still within its warranty period, you could contact LG support or the retailer you purchased the phone from. You'll find LG's contact information here. If your phone is off warranty and needs repair for a physical problem such as a broken screen or bad battery, you should visit an authorized service centre or a local phone repair shop. You can also connect with others in The Informr Community Forum to find and share answers to questions.. 1 How to move files from internal storage to SD on the LG K3?. 1 What's the best resolution when setting picture mode on LG K3?. 2 Will a Bluetooth keyboard work with the LG K3?. Maybe one of your friends will find this review helpful? Please help us spread the word.. The LG K3's screen size is 4.5 inches with 480 x 854 pixels resolution.. There is a Qualcomm MSM8909 Snapdragon 210 Quad core 1.1 GHz processor (CPU).. The phone runs on the Android 6.0.1 Marshmallow operating system (OS).. You can take photos or capture video with the phone's onboard 5+ megapixel camera.. There is also a secondary front facing camera with VGA (640 x 480) resolution.. An external, MicroSD, MicroSDHC (up to 32 GB) expansion slot is available for increased storage capacity.. The phone is powered by a Lithium-Ion (Li-Ion), 1940 mAh battery. LG 's performance ratings are 1 minutes.. Qualcomm MSM8909 Snapdragon 210 Quad core 1.1 GHz. Head: 0.73 W/kg Body: 1.01 W/kg. Data Cable, Manual, Standard Battery, USB Power Adapter. Dimensions [H x W x D]. 13.4 x 6.8 x 0.9 cm (5.3 x 2.7 x 0.4 in). Ambient Light, Proximity, Motion / Accelerometer. A2DP, AVRCP, OPP/FTP, HID, HFP, HSP, PAN. MicroSD, MicroSDHC (up to 32 GB). Auto focus, Effects, Geotagging, Multi-shot, Panorama, Self-timer, Voice activation, Gesture shot. 3GP / 3GPP, 3G2 / 3GPP2, MPEG-4, FLV, AVI. MIDI, MP3, eAAC+, AAC+, AAC, AMR, WAV, M4A, OGG. 3GP / 3GPP, 3G2 / 3GPP2, MPEG-4, FLV, AVI. Other Names (AKA): LG LS450. Manual (PDF) Where to buy LG K3. GSM: 850/900/1800/1900 MHz. LTE: 1700/1900/700/2100 /850 MHz Data: GPRS, EDGE, EV-DO Rev. Help inform others by sharing your experience with LG K3. Darn, there are no reviews yet for. Be the first to write a review .. LG K3 Full Review (Boost Mobile) HD. LG K3 Full Review {Boost Mobile}. LG K3, K7, K8 Bypass Google Account FRP! Fast, No OTG, PC!!! Sec. LG K3 Hard Reset / Bypass Screen Lock / Format / Restore. LG K3 Unboxing: A $30 Dollar Android!. LG K3 Review: $30 Android Worth it?. LG K3 Review Pt 1 (Virgin Mobile USA). LG K3 K7 K8 X Power Tribute5 FRP Google Account Bypass! Android 6.0! NEW LAST UPDATE!. LG K3 FRP bypass for Boost Mobile (Simple Steps) 6.0.1. About Us Contact Advertise Privacy Terms. We want you to know that The Informr is an independent resource. you with the most accurate information and keep things up to date, prices and terms of products. We encourage you to always do your own research and double check the. Using the information on this site is at your own risk and without warranty.. You should also know that in some cases, we may receive compensation when you click on links or. purchase through links on this site. This is at no extra cost to you. business and keep the service free for everyone. 
Apple iPad Mini 1 / 2 / 3. Apple iPad 4th 3rd 2nd Generation. 1 - 2 - 3 - 4 - 5. LG K3 Black Pattern/Black Liner MyJacket Wallet Flip Case Cover. LG K3 LG-K3 Black MyJacket Wallet. LG K3 LG-K3 Brown MyJacket Wallet. LG K3 LG-K3 Pink MyJacket Wallet. LG K3 Pink Pattern/Hot Pink Liner MyJacket Wallet Flip Case Cover. LG K3 Anti-grease LCD Clear Screen Protector. LG K3 Screen Protector Twin Pack. LG K3 Black Astronoot Phone Case Cover. LG K3 Black Brushed Hybrid Case Cover. LG K3 Blue Black Astronoot Case Cover. LG K3 Silver Black Astronoot Case Cover. LG K3 Silver Black Brushed Hybrid Case Cover. For LG K3 - Flap Wallet Pouch With Credit Card Slots - Black/Carbon Fiber. For LG K3 - Flap Wallet Pouch With Credit Card Slots - Teal/Dark Blue. LG K3 Black ProWorx Heavy Duty Shock Absorption Armor Defender Holster Case Cover With Belt Clip. LG K3 Hot Pink ProWorx Wallet Case Luxury PU Leather Case Cover With Card Slots & Stand. LG K3 Purple ProWorx Wallet Case Luxury PU Leather Case Cover With Card Slots & Stand. LG K3 Black ProWorx Ultra Slim Thin Scratch Resistant TPU Silicone Case Cover. LG K3 Clear ProWorx Ultra Slim Thin Scratch Resistant TPU Silicone Case Cover. LG K3 Mint Green ProWorx Ultra Slim Thin Scratch Resistant TPU Silicone Case Cover. LG K3 Purple ProWorx Ultra Slim Thin Scratch Resistant TPU Silicone Case Cover. LG K3 LS450 - Rock Rhinestone Shiny Bling Case Cover - Black. LG K3 LS450 - Rock Rhinestone Shiny Bling Wallet Case - Black. LG K3 LS450 - Rock Rhinestone Shiny Bling Wallet Case - Gold. LG K3 LS450 - Rock Rhinestone Shiny Bling Wallet Case - Hot Pink. LG K3 LS450 - Rock Rhinestone Shiny Bling Wallet Case - Purple. LG K3 LS450 - Rock Rhinestone Shiny Bling Wallet Case - Teal. LG K3 Crystal Transparent TPU Case Cover - Red. LG K3 Crystal Transparent TPU Case Cover - Smoke. LG K3 Wallet Flip Credit Card Case - Dark Blue. LG K3 Wallet Flip Credit Card Case - Red. LG K3 Slim Armor Brushed Hybrid Case Cover - Black/Black. LG K3 Slim Armor Brushed Hybrid Case Cover - Gold/Black. LG K3 Slim Armor Brushed Hybrid Case Cover - Grey/Black. LG K3 Slim Armor Brushed Hybrid Case Cover - Purple/Black. LG K3 Slim Armor Brushed Hybrid Case Cover - Red/Black. LG K3 Clear Screen Protector Film Guard. Cellet Black Universal Bluetooth Wireless Headset - Black for LG K3 LS450. Cellet Cell Phone Holder with DC Car Charger Plug and USB Charging Port for LG K3 LS450. Cellet Durable Windshield Mount Car Phone Holder - Black for LG K3 LS450. Cellet Smartphone Car Air Vent Mount Phone Holder for LG K3 LS450. Cellet Super Fast Rapid Charging USB Car Charger with Quick Charge 3.0 Phones & Tablets - Black for LG K3 LS450. CyonGear Hi-Powered 10W / 2.1 Amp Home Wall Charger (Micro USB cable included) - Black for LG K3 LS450. CyonGear Hi-Powered 10W / 2.1 Amp Home Wall Charger (Micro USB cable included) - White for LG K3 LS450. One Microfiber Cleaning Cloth - Size 6 x 7 for LG K3 LS450. Transparent Clear Waterproof Underwater Phone Pouch Bag with Lanyard for LG K3 LS450. Universal Windshield Phone Holder 360 Rotating Car Mount for LG K3 LS450. Wireless Neckband Earbuds Bluetooth Headphones In-Ear Sport Gym Running Red for LG K3 LS450. Handlebar Bike Mount Phone Holder Motorcycle Bicycle for LG K3 LS450. Proworx Car Vent Mount Durable Phone Holder for LG K3 LS450. Green Luxury Pouch Leather Wallet Pouch Case Cover with Slots for LG K3 LS450. Hot Pink Luxury Leather Wallet Pouch Case Cover with Slots for LG K3 LS450. Mint Green Luxury Leather Wallet Pouch Case Cover with Slots for LG K3 LS450. Orange Luxury Pouch Leather Wallet Pouch Case Cover with Slots for LG K3 LS450. Purple Luxury Pouch Leather Wallet Pouch Case Cover with Slots for LG K3 LS450. Red Luxury Pouch Leather Wallet Pouch Case Cover with Slots for LG K3 LS450. White Luxury Pouch Leather Wallet Pouch Case Cover with Slots for LG K3 LS450. Yellow Luxury Pouch Leather Wallet Pouch Case Cover with Slots for LG K3 LS450. LG K3 Brushed Metal Case + Screen Protector - Black/Black. LG K3 Brushed Metal Case + Screen Protector - Dark Blue/Black. LG K3 LS450 - Case Hybrid Slim Shockproof Armor Cover - Damask Black. LG K3 LS450 - Case Hybrid Slim Shockproof Armor Cover - Metallic Black. LG K3 LS450 - Case Hybrid Slim Shockproof Armor Cover - Metallic Gold. LG K3 LS450 - Case Hybrid Slim Shockproof Armor Cover - Metallic Grey. LG K3 LS450 - Case Hybrid Slim Shockproof Armor Cover - Metallic Rose Gold. LG K3 LS450 - Case Hybrid Slim Shockproof Armor Cover - Metallic Silver. LG K3 LS450 - Hybrid Brushed 3D Image Design Case Cover - Bag of King. LG K3 LS450 - Hybrid Brushed 3D Image Design Case Cover - Dream Catcher. LG K3 LS450 - Hybrid Brushed 3D Image Design Case Cover - Lion. LG K3 LS450 - Hybrid Brushed 3D Image Design Case Cover - Rose. LG K3 LS450 - Hybrid Brushed 3D Image Design Case Cover - Sunset Beach. LG K3 LS450 - Hybrid Rugged Case Cover Stand - Black. LG K3 LS450 - Hybrid Rugged Case Cover Stand - Blue. LG K3 LS450 - Hybrid Rugged Case Cover Stand - Hot Pink. LG K3 LS450 - Hybrid Rugged Case Cover Stand - Neon Green. LG K3 LS450 - Hybrid Rugged Case Cover Stand - Red. LG K3 LS450 - Hybrid Brushed Armor Phone Case - Dark Grey. LG K3 LS450 - Hybrid Brushed Armor Phone Case - Gold. LG K3 LS450 - Hybrid Brushed Armor Phone Case - Navy Blue. LG K3 LS450 - Hybrid Brushed Armor Phone Case - Rose Gold. LG K3 LS450 - Hybrid Brushed Armor Phone Case - Silver. LG K3 LS450 - Hybrid Brushed Armor Phone Case - Black. LG K3 LS450 - Hybrid Brushed Armor Phone Case - Dark Grey. LG K3 LS450 - Hybrid Brushed Armor Phone Case - Gold. LG K3 LS450 - Hybrid Brushed Armor Phone Case - Navy Blue. LG K3 LS450 - Hybrid Brushed Armor Phone Case - Rose Gold. LG K3 LS450 - Hybrid Brushed Armor Phone Case - Silver. LG K3 LS450 - Brushed Wallet Pouch Flip Case - Pearl. LG K3 LS450 - Brushed Wallet Pouch Flip Case - Purple. LG K3 LS450 - Brushed Wallet Pouch Flip Case - Rose Gold. LG K3 LS450 - Brushed Wallet Pouch Flip Case - Teal. LG K3 LS450 - TPU Crystal Skin Rubber Case - Blue. LG K3 LS450 - TPU Crystal Skin Rubber Case - Clear. LG K3 LS450 - TPU Crystal Skin Rubber Case - Hot Pink. LG K3 LS450 - TPU Crystal Skin Rubber Case - Solid Black. LG K3 LS450 - DELUXE Hybrid Shockproof Case Cover - Black. LG K3 LS450 - DELUXE Hybrid Shockproof Case Cover - Navy Blue. LG K3 LS450 - DELUXE Hybrid Shockproof Case Cover - White. LG K3 LS450 - Hybrid DEFENDER HOLSTER Stand Clip - Black. LG K3 LS450 - Hybrid DEFENDER HOLSTER Stand Clip - Blue. LG K3 LS450 - Hybrid DEFENDER HOLSTER Stand Clip - Grey. LG K3 LS450 - Hybrid DEFENDER HOLSTER Stand Clip - Red. LG K3 LS450 - Hybrid Shockproof Case Cover - Bag of Kings. LG K3 LS450 - Hybrid Shockproof Case Cover - Black Carbon Fiber. LG K3 LS450 - Hybrid Shockproof Case Cover - Brown Camo. LG K3 LS450 - Hybrid Shockproof Case Cover - Cross Skulls. LG K3 LS450 - Hybrid Shockproof Case Cover - Damask Black. LG K3 LS450 - Hybrid Shockproof Case Cover - Dream Catcher. LG K3 LS450 - Hybrid Shockproof Case Cover - Green Camo. LG K3 LS450 - Hybrid Shockproof Case Cover - Paris Tower. LG K3 LS450 - Hybrid Shockproof Case Cover - Sunset Beach. LG K3 LS450 - Hybrid Shockproof Case Cover - Weed. LG K3 LS450 - SUPER DUTY TACTICAL DEFENDER Case - Army Green. LG K3 LS450 - SUPER DUTY TACTICAL DEFENDER Case - Black. LG K3 LS450 - SUPER DUTY TACTICAL DEFENDER Case - Gold. LG K3 LS450 - SUPER DUTY TACTICAL DEFENDER Case - Navy Blue. LG K3 LS450 - Hybrid Armor TOUGH IMPACT Case - Black. LG K3 LS450 - Hybrid Armor TOUGH IMPACT Case - Hot Pink. LG K3 LS450 - Tempered Glass Screen Shield 0.33MM. LG K3 LS450 - Hybrid Slim Dual Layer Armor Cover Black Blue Hard Case. LG K3 LS450 - Hybrid Slim Dual Layer Armor Cover Black Gold Hard Case. LG K3 LS450 - Hybrid Slim Dual Layer Armor Cover Black Grey Hard Case. LG K3 LS450 - Hybrid Slim Dual Layer Armor Cover Black Hot Pink Hard Case. LG K3 LS450 - Hybrid Slim Dual Layer Armor Cover Blacktpu Red Hard Case. LG K3 LS450 - Hybrid Slim Dual Layer Armor Cover Hot Pink Mint Blue Hard Case. LG K3 LS450 - Hybrid Rugged Armor Case With Stand Black Pink. LG K3 LS450 - Hybrid Rugged Armor Case With Stand Black/black. LG K3 LS450 - Hybrid Rugged Armor Case With Stand Black/grey. LG K3 LS450 - Hybrid Rugged Armor Case With Stand Black/purple. LG K3 LS450 - Hybrid Rugged Armor Case With Stand Black/red. LG K3 LS450 - Hybrid Rugged Armor Case With Stand White/hot Pink. LG K3 LS450 - Hybrid Armor Thin Black & Black Hard Case. LG K3 LS450 - Hybrid Armor Thin Black & Gold Hard Case. LG K3 LS450 - Hybrid Armor Thin Black & Grey Hard Case. LG K3 LS450 - Hybrid Armor Thin Black & Hot Pink Hard Case. LG K3 LS450 - Hybrid Armor Thin Black & Red Hard Case. LG K3 LS450 - Hybrid Armor Thin Black & Silver Hard Case. LG K3 LS450 - Hybrid DEFENDER Armor Case With Holder Black. LG K3 LS450 - Hybrid DEFENDER Armor Case With Holder Black. LG K3 LS450 - Hybrid DEFENDER Armor Case With Holder Blue. LG K3 LS450 - Hybrid DEFENDER Armor Case With Holder Blue. LG K3 LS450 - Hybrid DEFENDER Armor Case With Holder Green. LG K3 LS450 - Hybrid DEFENDER Armor Case With Holder Grey. LG K3 LS450 - Hybrid DEFENDER Armor Case With Holder Grey. LG K3 LS450 - Hybrid DEFENDER Armor Case With Holder Hot Pink. LG K3 LS450 - Hybrid DEFENDER Armor Case With Holder Red. LG K3 LS450 - Hybrid DEFENDER Armor Case With Holder Red. LG K3 LS450 - Skin Cover TPU Case Cover Black. LG K3 LS450 - Skin Tpu Transparent Frosted Pattern Black. LG K3 LS450 - Tpu Case Skin Frosted Cover Blue. LG K3 LS450 - Tpu Case Skin Frosted Cover Hot Pink. LG K3 LS450 - Tpu Case Skin Frosted Cover Purple. LG K3 LS450 - Tpu Case Skin Frosted Cover White. LG K3 LS450 - Wallet Case With Card Holder Black TPU Black. LG K3 LS450 - Wallet Case With Card Holder Carbon Fiber Black TPU Black. LG K3 LS450 - Wallet Case With Card Holder Dark Blue TPU Green. LG K3 LS450 - Wallet Case With Card Holder Pink TPU Hot Pink. LG K3 LS450 - Wallet Case With Card Holder Pink TPU White. LG K3 LS450 - Wallet Case With Card Holder Purple TPU Purple. LG K3 LS450 - Wallet Case With Card Holder Red TPU Blue. LG K3 LS450 - Wallet Pouch Card Holder Bear Zd06. LG K3 LS450 - Wallet Pouch Card Holder Butterflies Owl Zd07. LG K3 LS450 - Wallet Pouch Card Holder Butterflies Zd05. LG K3 LS450 - Wallet Pouch Card Holder Flower Tower Zd03. LG K3 LS450 - Wallet Pouch Card Holder Flowers Owl Zd08. LG K3 LS450 - Wallet Pouch Card Holder Heart Tower Zd02. LG K3 LS450 - Wallet Pouch Card Holder Lovely Hearts Zd04. LG K3 LS450 - Slim Thin Hybrid Rugged Case Black Black Pc. LG K3 LS450 - Slim Thin Hybrid Rugged Case Black Gold Pc. LG K3 LS450 - Slim Thin Hybrid Rugged Case Black Rose Gold Pc. LG K3 LS450 - Slim Thin Hybrid Rugged Case Blue Silver Pc. LG K3 LS450 - Slim Thin Hybrid Rugged Case Pink Tpu Silver Pc. LG K3 LS450 - Slim Thin Hybrid Rugged Case Red Tup Black Pc. LG K3 LS450 - Hybrid Armor Case With Stand Black/black. LG K3 LS450 - Hybrid Armor Case With Stand Blue/black. LG K3 LS450 - Hybrid Armor Case With Stand Green/black. LG K3 LS450 - Hybrid Armor Case With Stand Hot Pink/black. LG K3 LS450 - Hybrid Armor Case With Stand Purple/black. LG K3 LS450 - Hybrid Armor Case With Stand Red/black. LG K3 LS450 - Hybrid Armor Case With Stand White/hot Pink. LG K3 LS450 - Tempered Glass Screen Protector - Retail - Clear. Cellet Super Fast Rapid Charging USB Car Charger with Quick Charge 3.0 Phones & Tablets - White for LG K3 LS450. ProWorx Multi-Angle Mini Portable Durable Aluminum Tablet Smartphone Stand for LG K3 LS450. Waterproof Smartphone Pouch Dry Bag ProWorx - Blue for LG K3 LS450. Waterproof Smartphone Pouch Dry Bag ProWorx - Clear for LG K3 LS450. Waterproof Smartphone Pouch Dry Bag ProWorx - Hot Pink for LG K3 LS450. Dual 2 Port PROWORX USB Car Charger 4.8 Amp/24W Fast Charging - Black for LG K3 LS450. Dual 2 Port PROWORX USB Car Charger 4.8 Amp/24W Fast Charging - Blue for LG K3 LS450. Dual 2 Port PROWORX USB Car Charger 4.8 Amp/24W Fast Charging - Gold for LG K3 LS450. Dual 2 Port PROWORX USB Car Charger 4.8 Amp/24W Fast Charging - Gray for LG K3 LS450. Dual 2 Port PROWORX USB Car Charger 4.8 Amp/24W Fast Charging - Hot Pink for LG K3 LS450. Dual 2 Port PROWORX USB Car Charger 4.8 Amp/24W Fast Charging - Lime Green for LG K3 LS450. Dual 2 Port PROWORX USB Car Charger 4.8 Amp/24W Fast Charging - Orange for LG K3 LS450. Dual 2 Port PROWORX USB Car Charger 4.8 Amp/24W Fast Charging - Red for LG K3 LS450. Dual 2 Port PROWORX USB Car Charger 4.8 Amp/24W Fast Charging - Rose Gold for LG K3 LS450. Dual 2 Port PROWORX USB Car Charger 4.8 Amp/24W Fast Charging - Silver for LG K3 LS450. Dual 2 Port PROWORX USB Car Charger 4.8 Amp/24W Fast Charging - Sky Blue for LG K3 LS450. Dual 2 Port PROWORX USB Car Charger 4.8 Amp/24W Fast Charging - Yellow for LG K3 LS450. Bluetooth Headset PROWORX Hands Free Wireless Earpiece Headphones with Microphone - Silver for LG K3 LS450. Universal Mini In-Ear Wireless Bluetooth 4.1 Headset Mono Headphone for LG K3 LS450. 1 - 2 - 3 - 4 - 5. CellPhoneCases.com 20555 Devonshire St Unit 233 Chatsworth, CA 91311. 
Home Shop MWC News Reviews Features Opinions Videos The Gadgets 360 Show Cell Guru Prime Tech Smartphone Reviews Tech and Gadget Reviews How-To Videos Video Game Reviews and Features Top Lists by Gadgets 360 Unboxing and Hands-On Videos Podcasts Compare Mobiles Phone Finder DEALS. Mobiles Tablets Apps Gaming Cameras PC/Laptops AUDIO/VIDEO How To Telecom Science INDIA INTERNET SOCIAL MEDIA WEARABLES हिंदी. Home Mobiles Mobiles News. LG K3 Entry Level Android 6.0 Marshmallow-Powered Smartphone Launched. Ketan Pratap , 20 June 2016. Share on Facebook Tweet Share Share Email Reddit Comment. The handset is powered by a Snapdragon 210 SoC.. It features a 4.5-inch FWVGA display.. The LG K3 sports a 5-megapixel rear camera.. South Korean handset manufacturer LG has unveiled a new entry-level Android smartphone in the US. 5,500), LG K3 smartphone is now available via Boost Mobile and Virgin Mobile.. The LG K3 smartphone runs Android 6.0 Marshmallow out-of-the-box and is highlight of the handset at this price point. It features a 4.5-inch FWVGA (480x854 pixels) IPS display and is powered by a 1.1GHz quad-core Qualcomm Snapdragon 210 processor paired with 1GB of RAM. There is 8GB of inbuilt storage which can be expanded further via microSD card (up to 32GB).. The handset sports a 5-megapixel rear camera with an LED flash. There is a 0.3-megapixel front camera on board as well. The LG K3 packs a 1940mAh removable battery which is rated to deliver a talk time of up to 14 hours. Connectivity options on the handset include Bluetooth, GPS, Wi-Fi, 3G, 4G, and Micro-USB.. LG had recently unveiled expanded its X-series of smartphones with the launch of the X Power, X Style, X Max, and X Mach smartphones. The company had not revealed any pricing or availability details. The company however confirmed that the smartphones would be rolled out in markets around the world from next month, with local pricing to be announced individually.. The highlight of the LG X Power was its large 4100mAh battery while the LG X Style boasted of a sleek design and form factor. The LG X Mach was said to sport a QHD IPS Quantum display, the highlight of the device. The LG X Max is expected to brag of a large form factor.. For the latest smartphone launches by Samsung, Nokia, Sony, Asus, and other MWC 2018 announcements, visit our MWC hub .. LG K3 Entry Level Android 6.0 Marshmallow-Powered Smartphone Launched. More LG mobiles LG mobiles price in India. Further reading: LG , LG K3 , LG K3 Price , LG K3 Specifications , LG Mobiles , Mobiles. Ketan Pratap Email Ketan. Ketan Pratap covers daily news and rumours at Gadgets 360. He attended IIMC (Indian Institute of Mass Communication), majoring in English Journalism. Moto G4 India Release Date Revealed. 1,000-Core Processor 'KiloCore' Developed With 621 Million Transistors. LG K3 Entry Level Android 6.0 Marshmallow-Powered Smartphone Launched. Samsung Galaxy S9 और Galaxy S9+ स्मार्टफोन लॉन्च. Nokia 1 एंड्रॉयड गो स्मार्टफोन हुआ लॉन्च. LG V30S ThinQ के साथ MWC 2018 में एलजी ने दी दस्तक. Samsung Galaxy S9, Galaxy S9+ Launched: What's New?. Why Game of Thrones Creators Writing Star Wars Might Be a Bad, Bad Idea. Design by User Feedback? The Customer Isn't Always Right. PS4 Is a Best-Seller but Here Are 4 Reasons It's Far From Perfect. Canon EOS 1500D, EOS 3000D Entry-Level DSLRs Launched in India BSNL Partners Nokia for Rollout of 4G VoLTE Services Sony Unveils Xperia Ear Duo to Answer Apple AirPods, Samsung Gear IconX Sony Xperia XZ2, Xperia XZ2 Compact With 18:9 Displays Launched at MWC Mi MIX 2S With Snapdragon 845 Confirmed by Xiaomi; Launching on March 27 Huawei Launches Windows Laptop and Android Tablet at MWC 2018 Samsung Galaxy S9, Galaxy S9+ Pre-Orders Now Open in India ZTE Tempo Go Is Its First Smartphone That Runs Android Oreo (Go Edition) Samsung's Foldable Smartphone Isn't a Gimmick, Claims CEO Huawei P20 Flagship Smartphone Launch Set for March 27. Nokia 7 Plus Is an Android One Phone With Dual Rear Cameras, Zeiss Optics Samsung Galaxy S9, Galaxy S9+ Pre-Orders Now Open in India Samsung Galaxy S9, Galaxy S9+ With Improved Cameras, AR Emoji Launched Nokia 8110 4G Is a 'Slider' Feature Phone With Google, Facebook Apps OnePlus 5, OnePlus 5T HD Content Streaming Issue Fixed, With a Catch Samsung Galaxy S9 a Worthy Upgrade? A Look at What's New Vodafone to Offer 4.5GB Data Per Day for 28 Days at Rs. 799: Report Nokia 6 (2018) Android One Phone With Snapdragon 630 Launched at MWC 2018 Nokia 8 Sirocco With Dual Cameras, Stainless Steel Frame Launched at MWC Sony Unveils Xperia Ear Duo to Answer Apple AirPods, Samsung Gear IconX. Sitemaps Archives Advertise About Us Feedback Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions Complaint Redressal Careers Contact Us RSS Ethics Gadgets Hindi. © Copyright Red Pixels Ventures Limited 2018. Fields marked with * are mandatory. 
Download our Official Android App: Forums for Android!. Discussion in ' Android Help ' started by alyssa98 , Dec 29, 2017 .. Found one for Hungary or UK here. Do you already have an account?. 
110% Low Price Guarantee + 90-Day Returns. All of your information is secured and transmitted utilizing the highest level of Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) encryption. LG K3 - Phone Cases & Covers. Alcatel Fierce 4 - TPU Case, Clear. Check Out Our Other Styles Below. LG K3 -Splash Guardz Waterproof Case with Lanyard, Blue. Universal fit for most mobile devices. Completely waterproof for up to 20 feet. Dimensions: 6 (H) x 3.2 (W) x 0.6 (D) in.. LG K3 -LUXMO EXEC Series Hand-Crafted Horizontal Leather Case with Belt Clip, Black. Executive Hand-Crafted Horizontal Leather Carrying Case. Dimensions: 3.3 (H) x 6.22 (W) x 0.6 (D) in.. LG K3 -Splash Guardz Waterproof Case with Lanyard, Lime Green. Universal fit for most mobile devices. Completely waterproof for up to 20 feet. Dimensions: 6 (H) x 3.2 (W) x 0.6 (D) in.. LG K3 -Splash Guardz Waterproof Case with Lanyard, Orange. Universal fit for most mobile devices. Completely waterproof for up to 20 feet. Dimensions: 6 (H) x 3.2 (W) x 0.6 (D) in.. LG K3 -Luxmo Horizontal Marble Leather Carrying Case with Belt Clip, Black. Luxmo Black Horizontal Marble Leather Carrying Case. High-quality leatherette with reinforced stitching and sealed seams. Protects against minor bumps and shocks. Dimensions: 3.3 (H) x 6.22 (W) x 0.6 (D) in.. LG K3 -Luxmo Horizontal Marble Leather Carrying Case with Belt Clip, Black. Luxmo Black Horizontal Marble Leather Carrying Case. High-quality leatherette with reinforced stitching and sealed seams. Interior lined with soft neoprene fabric. Protects against minor bumps and shocks. Dimensions: 3.3 (H) x 6.22 (W) x 0.6 (D) in.. LG K3 -LUXMO EXECUTIVE SERIES LEATHER CARRYING CASE WITH BELT CLIP, BLACK. Dimensions: 3.46 (H) x 6.6 (W) x 0.31 (D) in.. LG K3 -Splash Guardz Waterproof Case with Lanyard, Red. Universal fit for most mobile devices. Completely waterproof for up to 20 feet. Dimensions: 6 (H) x 3.2 (W) x 0.6 (D) in.. LG K3 -Splash Guardz Waterproof Case with Lanyard, Blue Camo. Universal fit for most mobile devices. Completely waterproof for up to 20 feet. Package includes: Soft velcro strap and lanyard. Dimensions: 6 (H) x 3.2 (W) x 0.6 (D) in.. LG K3 -Slim vegan leather folio sleeve wallet with card slots, Black. LG K3 -Felt Wool SmartPhone Sleeve,Gray. Keeps your phone safe from scratches, dents and cracks. Built-in pocket for cards, cash and other small items. Rounded corners for a comfortable fit in your pocket. LG K3 -Slim vegan leather folio sleeve wallet with card slots, Camel Brown. LG K3 -Slim vegan leather folio sleeve wallet with card slots, Dark Blue. LG K3 -Slim vegan leather folio sleeve wallet with card slots, Gray. LG K3 -Splash Guardz Camo Waterproof Case with Lanyard, Brown. Universal fit for most mobile devices. Completely waterproof for up to 20 feet. Package includes: Soft velcro strap and lanyard. Dimensions: 6 (H) x 3.2 (W) x 0.6 (D) in.. LG K3 -Slim vegan leather folio sleeve wallet with card slots, Red. Offers unrivaled protection for the {brand-model}. Say goodbye to bumps, dings, dust, nicks and scratches. Allows complete access to all buttons, features and ports. Offers unrivaled protection for the {brand-model}. Say goodbye to bumps, dings, dust, nicks and scratches. Allows complete access to all buttons, features and ports. Offers unrivaled protection for the {brand-model}. Say goodbye to bumps, dings, dust, nicks and scratches. Allows complete access to all buttons, features and ports. LG K3 -TPU Case, Hot Pink. Offers unrivaled protection for the {brand-model}. Say goodbye to bumps, dings, dust, nicks and scratches. Allows complete access to all buttons, features and ports. Offers unrivaled protection for the {brand-model}. Say goodbye to bumps, dings, dust, nicks and scratches. Allows complete access to all buttons, features and ports. 
The next video is starting stop. Want to watch this again later?. Sign in to add this video to a playlist.. Sign in to report inappropriate content.. Sign in to make your opinion count.. Sign in to make your opinion count.. Rating is available when the video has been rented.. This feature is not available right now. The phone that proves having more power and more features doesn't have to cost more. Like Us on Facebook: https://www.facebook.com/boostmobile Follow us on Twitter: https://twitter.com/boostmobile We are on Instagram: http://instagram.com/boostmobile Add Us on Google+: google.com/+boostmobile. When autoplay is enabled, a suggested video will automatically play next.. LG K3 Review: $30 Android Worth it?. LG K3 Full Review {Boost Mobile}. How to Scrap old Cell Phones for *Gold Recovery. Steve Jobs introduces iPhone in 2007. The Dual Screen, Foldable Smartphone Is REAL!. LG K3 Hard Reset / Bypass Screen Lock / Format / Restore. LG K3 Review Pt 1 (Virgin Mobile USA). LG K3 Unboxing: A $30 Dollar Android!. Double Your Phone Storage for Free. "NEW" LG K3 Unboxing {Boost Mobile}. Codes in LG K3 4G LS450 - Secret Menu / Advanced Settins / Tricks. How To Hard Reset An LG myTouch E739 Smartphone. LG K3 2016 specs,features & details,price. LG K3 VS Alcatel Dawn - boost mobile. Razer Phone Unboxing - My New Daily Driver?. Steve Jobs announcing the first iPhone in 2007. Sign in to add this to Watch Later. 
