CNET también está disponible en español.. Raising the bar on camera control. CNET earns fees when you click these offers.. The Good The sturdily designed LG V10 gives users more camera control with manual modes for both photos and video, a fingerprint sensor, two front-facing cameras for wider selfie shots, expandable memory and a removable battery.. The Bad The handset is pricey, its secondary display doesn't offer any essential necessities and its manual camera features require some time to learn.. The Bottom Line The feature-packed V10 is LG's best smartphone yet -- just be prepared to pay a premium for its selfie- and photo-friendly extras.. Availability Design and build 6.3 by 3.12 by 0.34 inches (159.6 by 79.36 by 8.6mm) 6.77 ounces (192 grams). Displays 5.7-inch main display with 2,560x1,440-pixel resolution 513 ppi pixel density 2.1-inch secondary display with 160x1,040-pixel resolution 502 pixels per inch. Software and other features Google Android 5.1.1 Lollipop mobile operating system LG's custom user interface, UX 4.0 LG apps include LG Health and QuickMemo+ Rear fingerprint sensor. When LG announced that it would release a new line of extra-premium handsets , it wasn't kidding around. As the inaugural device for the company's V-series, the V10 is packed with nearly all of the luxuries found in high-end flagships and then some. It has a fingerprint reader, two front-facing cameras, two displays, tons of photo tools and more. It also has what lots of top-tier phones don't have: A removable battery and expandable memory.. By launching this new family of devices, LG gives itself space to experiment with its handsets. Unlike its marquee phone, the G4 , the V10 isn't meant for a wide audience. Rather, it's a premium device with features that appeal to a niche group of people -- say, budding cinematographers who will readily use V10's manual video controls.. For the average smartphone user, however, the V10's goodies verge on gimmicky and could easily be left unused. Especially because all of the handset's premium hardware comes a high price tag. Though UK and Australia pricing haven't been announced, the phone is going for about $600-$700 in the US without a contract (depending on the carrier). That converts to about £390-460 and AU$835-975.. If you find the secondary display useful and photo features compelling, the V10 is an excellent phone, and it doesn't cost as much as the other high-end, large-screen dual-display Samsung Galaxy S6 Edge+. But if you're like me and don't absolutely need all the V10's bells and whistles, there are cheaper flagships available, such as the Motorola Moto X Pure Edition , the Google Nexus 6P and even LG's own G4, which has similar core features as the V10, but cost about $100 less.. In the US, the V10 will be available on T-Mobile starting October 28 for $600 without a contract. However, you can pay with $25 monthly payments over 25 months as well. On November 6, AT&T customers will be able to purchase the device for $700 with no contract, or $250 with a two-year agreement. Verizon will also sell the handset, though no pricing or date have been released yet.. Outside the US, LG plans to launch the phone in Asia including China, Latin America and the Middle East.. The V10 has stainless steel rails running down its left and right edges and metallic accents around the camera and front-facing audio grille, making it one of the most premium-looking handsets LG has designed to date. It comes in five colors, and I got my hands on modern beige. This isn't my favorite of the five (the color reminds me of hospital walls), but the device's overall aesthetic is pleasing.. The phone feels pretty weighty in the hand, but it actually looks like it would be heavier than it really feels. Given its big-screen size, not everyone's going to dig the V10. It didn't fit comfortably in my front jean pockets (or back pocket, while we're at it) and unless you have a large enough grip, maneuvering it with one hand will be difficult. (To help out with this problem though, LG has "Mini View," which shrinks and pushes the screen's interface to the bottom left or right corners).. The device has steel railings that run along its side edges.. And while some unwieldiness and heft is expected with a device this size, it's relatively comfortable to hold compared to other big-screen handsets. The steel railings on the side curve outward, helping with grip, and the textured backplate is made of a lightweight silicone-like material. LG claims that the steel and the silicone make the phone more durable and shock-absorbent than if it were to use plastic or aluminum. I tossed it into my shoulder bag multiple times a day with my keys, glasses and other knick-knacks and the V10 was fine.. On its top edges are infrared blasters that work with the QRemote app to turn your device into a remote control. Down at the bottom are a 3.5mm headphone jack, a Micro-USB port for charging and exchanging data and an audio speaker grille. The back houses a camera that is flanked by its flash and laser autofocus sensor. Below that are are the control buttons, which include the sleep/power button (which doubles as a fingerprint scanner) and the volume rocker.. Let's start with the primary, 5.7-inch display. Featuring a 1,440p resolution, the screen is sharp and vibrant. Images and text are crisp and clear, colors are vivid and deep. I had no problems viewing the bright display outdoors in direct sunlight. It has a wide viewing angle, so it doesn't wash out when viewing it from off-angles, and it's sensitive and responsive to touch control.. However, it's the second display that makes the handset unique. This narrow strip is customizable and has six shortcut menus to swipe through. The first is a general greeting where you can write your name or a personal message. The second strip holds five of your recent apps. Next are five of your favorite apps that you can choose and arrange. Following that is the music player controls with back, pause, play, buttons. The next swipe brings up five of your favorite contacts. Tap on a contact and icons pop up to either call or text them. The last page is for your calendar, which displays any upcoming events.. The display isn't, as rumors speculated previously, a scrolling ticker for notifications. Notifications do pop up on this narrow strip once they come in, but after that, you can check if you have any missed calls or text messages in the same location as they're usually located -- to the left of the time (which is below the secondary display), or in the pull-down Notifications shade.. At the top is a 2.1-inch secondary display that shows your commonly used apps and favorite contacts.. When the phone's main display is off, the second display can stay on and continuously show the time, date, battery status and a small icon for the current weather.. All in all, the display can be useful, and because it's just there, I find myself using it. But it doesn't have any key features that I just can't live without, especially since lot of these shortcuts are accessible elsewhere. You can still access recent apps from the square hotkey at the bottom of the display, and the home screen has plenty of room to house your favorite commonly-used apps. Music controls are available on the lockscreen and in the Notifications shade and LG's Smart Bulletin page (more on that below) lets me quickly check my calendar without having to open the actual app.. In addition, unlike the curved secondary displays on the S6 Edge+, it honestly doesn't look as novel. It's also stationary and is always shown (unless you choose to turn it off completely). There are some occasions, however, when it does disappear, like when a game or a full-screen video is opened. When the camera or QuickMemo+ is open, these shortcuts also change into their respective controls. But this is essentially different than the dynamic functions on the S6 Edge+. The controls seen on its curved edge display hide away when not in use, and you can move it to either the left or right edges. And when it tucks away, the size of the main screen has more real estate as well. Though the immobility of the V10's secondary display isn't a deal breaker, the S6 Edge+ provided users with a few more options.. Since the G3 smartphone launched in summer 2014, people have been anticipating LG integrating a fingerprint reader into one of its premium handsets. But as Apple and Samsung continued to add the feature to iPhones and Galaxy devices, LG had yet to add fingerprint recognition.. Folded into the rear power button, the sensor can scan up to four fingerprints. Users can use the sensor to unlock the lock screen as well as access hidden notes written in the QuickMemo+ app and pictures locked away in the photo gallery. It can also be used as a security measure for payments on Android Pay. The feature is easy to set up and fingerprint recognition is quick. I barely had to wait a beat before my fingerprint registered and unlocked content.. The rear power button doubles as a fingerprint sensor.. The device runs Android 5.1 Lollipop OS. Currently, the latest Android OS is 6.0 Marshmallow , which only couple of handsets run at this point -- like the Google Nexus 5X and 6P. The update includes Now On Tap, an expansion of Google's digital voice and search assistant, a battery-saving feature called Doze, more user control over app permissions and the digital payment service Android Pay, which works with the Near Field Communication (NFC) standard.. LG has confirmed that the V10 will get the Marshmallow update within six months of its launch. Until then, you'll have to miss out on some of its features. However, given that the phone has NFC built-in, you can download Android Pay from the Play Store and use its services. And because it is possible authorize payments on Android Pay with a fingerprint, the device's fingerprint sensor will also come in handy.. As for the handset's included apps, keep in mind that the review unit I reviewed is for the Korean market and includes tons of Korean-language apps. Depending on your carrier, you'll get different preloaded apps. You'll also get apps from Google, such as Gmail, the Chrome Web browser, Maps, Google Now (which is also launchable by sliding upwards from the center home softkey), the Play Store and more.. LG threw in lots of its own signature software features as well. LG Smart Bulletin dedicates an entire home screen page to widgets of certain apps, including the music player, your Calendar, the LG Health fitness tracker and more. QuickMemo+ is a notes app that you use to jot down notes or doodles. Dual Window (which is nestled in Settings) splits your screen in two so you can use two apps simultaneously. LG's staple KnockOn and KnockCode features enable you to wake up or unlock the device with various tapping gestures while the display is asleep.. Best Phones for 2018. See All. Samsung’s king of phones is excellent, but you'll pay a pretty penny for stylus privileges.. A radical redesign that's nearly all screen includes a new cutting-edge facial recognition.... LG just gave Samsung a run for the money.. But we're still waiting on the Siri-like AI.. The Pixel 2's superb camera makes it worth a look.. This week on CNET News. Homeland Security's tall order: A hacker-free election. 'Annihilation' director wove memory into a dream-like movie. Dogecoin: The joke cryptocurrency that was too real for its own good. Discuss LG V10. Be respectful, keep it clean and stay on topic. We delete comments that violate our policy , which we encourage you to read. Discussion threads can be closed at any time at our discretion.. CNET may earn fees when you click through to a partner site.. 
GSM 850 / 900 / 1800 / 1900 - SIM 1 & SIM 2 (dual-SIM model only). HSDPA 850 / 900 / 1900 / 2100. LTE band 1(2100), 3(1800), 7(2600), 8(900), 20(800). HSPA 42.2/5.76 Mbps, LTE-A Cat6 300/50 Mbps. 159.6 x 79.3 x 8.6 mm (6.28 x 3.12 x 0.34 in). Single SIM (Nano-SIM) or Dual SIM (Nano-SIM, dual stand-by). - MIL-STD-810G compliant - shock resistant. IPS LCD capacitive touchscreen, 16M colors. 5.7 inches, 89.6 cm 2 (~70.8% screen-to-body ratio). 1440 x 2560 pixels, 16:9 ratio (~515 ppi density). - Secondary display, 160 x 1040 pixels, 2.1 inches. Android 5.1.1 (Lollipop), upgradable to 7.0 (Nougat). Hexa-core (4x1.4 GHz Cortex-A53 & 2x1.8 GHz Cortex-A57). microSD, up to 256 GB (dedicated slot). 16 MP (f/1.8, 1/2.6"), laser autofocus, OIS, LED flash, check quality. Geo-tagging, touch focus, face/smile detection, panorama, HDR. 2160p@30fps, 1080p@30fps, 720p@120fps, HDR, stereo sound rec., check quality. - Active noise cancellation with dedicated mic. Wi-Fi 802.11 a/b/g/n/ac, dual-band, Wi-Fi Direct, DLNA, hotspot. microUSB 2.0 (SlimPort 4K), USB On-The-Go. Fingerprint (rear-mounted), accelerometer, gyro, proximity, compass, barometer, color spectrum. SMS(threaded view), MMS, Email, Push Mail, IM. - Fast battery charging: 50% in 40 min (Quick Charge 2.0). Up to 150 h (2G) / Up to 150 h (3G). Up to 22 h (2G) / Up to 18 h (3G). Space Black, Luxe White, Modern Beige, Ocean Blue, Opal Blue. Basemark OS II 2.0: 1383 / Basemark X: 15161. Contrast ratio: 1490 (nominal), 2.744 (sunlight). Voice 66dB / Noise 64dB / Ring 70dB. H960 H960A H960AR H960TR H961S H961R H900 H901 VS990. Versions: H960 (Global market); H960A (Europe, LATAM); H960AR (Argentina); H960TR (Turkey); H960YK (Israel); H961S (Russia, Kazakhstan); H961N (Hong Kong); H962 (Taiwan); H968 (China); H900 (AT&T), H901 (T-Mobile), VS990 (Verizon). We can not guarantee that the information on this page is 100% correct. LG V10 - user opinions and reviews. well i bought V10 made in Korea used phone, nearly looks new, it worked so well for 2 weeks and after that it got boot loop issue, phone gets hang on LG logo, nothing else... much worried about waste of money... most of lg v10 phones suffer from bootloop. mine bootlooped manufacture date 2016 , fixed after 15days for free underwarranty. its not recommended to buy it without 2y warranty.. Is all lg v10 will suffer from bootloop issue or not?? Kindly plz reply me. My v10 is T-Mobile model h901 manufacture 10,2015.. Samsung Apple Nokia Sony LG HTC Motorola Huawei Microsoft Lenovo Xiaomi Google Acer Asus Oppo OnePlus Meizu BlackBerry Alcatel ZTE Toshiba Vodafone Energizer XOLO Lava Micromax BLU Gionee vivo LeEco Panasonic HP YU verykool Maxwest Plum. LG V20 LG G4 LG G5 LG V30 Samsung Galaxy S6 LG G6. LG V30 LG G6 LG Q6 LG V20 LG G5 LG K10 (2018). 
Select the department you want to search in. Sign in Account & Lists Sign in Account & Lists Orders Try Prime Cart. Your Amazon.com Today's Deals Gift Cards Registry Sell Help Disability Customer Support. 1-16 of 492 results for "LG V10". See all results for LG V10 .. LG V10 H900 64GB Unlocked GSM 4G LTE Hexa-Core Smartphone w/ 16MP Camera - Black. Only 2 left in stock - order soon.. $129.99 (17 used &amp new offers). Trade-in eligible for an Amazon gift card. The LG V10 is the next way to seize the moment, create your story, and .... LG V10 H901 64GB Space Black Smartphone for T-Mobile (Certified Refurbished). Only 5 left in stock - order soon.. Trade-in eligible for an Amazon gift card. generic Retail Box Features: The LG V10 is the next way to seize the .... LG V10 H901 64GB Space Black - T-Mobile. Trade-in eligible for an Amazon gift card. The LG V10 offers everything you need to .... LG V10 H900 64GB Unlocked GSM 4G LTE Hexa-Core Smartphone w/ 16MP Camera - Blue (Certified Refurbished). Only 1 left in stock - order soon.. Brand NEW OEM Lg Mobile Bl-45b1f Standard Battery 3000mah for Lg V10 NON Retail Package. $5.99 (17 used &amp new offers). Product Features Brand NEW OEM Lg Mobile - Standard Battery 3000mah for Lg V10 NON Retail Package. LG V10 H901 64GB Space Black - T-Mobile GSM Unlocked. Trade-in eligible for an Amazon gift card. The LG V10 offers everything you need to .... LG V10 VS990 64GB White - Verizon (Certified Refurbished). With the two screens of the LG V10 , convenience has never looked so .... LG V10 VS990 64GB Black - Verizon (Certified Refurbished). Trade-in eligible for an Amazon gift card. in-between moments with the LG V10 smartphone. LG V10 H900 64GB Unlocked GSM 4G LTE Hexa-Core Smartphone w/ 16MP Camera - Opal Blue. $129.99 (11 used &amp new offers). Trade-in eligible for an Amazon gift card. The LG V10 is the next way to seize the moment, create your story, and .... LG MCS-H05WP OEM Standard Travel Adapter Fast Charger Cable for G4 G Flex 2 V10. LG V10 Standard Battery OEM BL-45B1F. Genuine OEM Original LG Black Quick Window View Flip Cover CFV-140 Protective Cover Case For LG V10 Phone. $9.99 (5 used &amp new offers). Product Features Compatibles with the LG V10 Phone (ONLY). LG V10 H990 Black Standard Back Cover Battery Door. $4.15 (9 used &amp new offers). Product Features OEM Original LG V10 Standard Back Cover Battery Door - Verizon. LG BCK-4900 Battery Charging Kit for LG V10 - White. Genuine OEM Original LG V10 Battery & LG Charging Dock Cradle Kit. LG V10 H990 White Standard Back Cover Battery Door. Product Features OEM Original LG V10 Standard Back Cover Battery Door - Verizon. All customers get FREE Shipping on orders over $25 shipped by Amazon. Cell Phone Batteries & Battery Packs. Cell Phone Chargers & Power Adapters. Audio & Video Connectors & Adapters. 4 Stars & Up & Up. 3 Stars & Up & Up. 2 Stars & Up & Up. 1 Star & Up & Up. There's a problem loading this menu right now.. Get fast, free shipping with Amazon Prime. Prime members enjoy FREE Two-Day Shipping and exclusive access to music, movies, TV shows, original audio series, and Kindle books.. Careers About Amazon Investor Relations Amazon Devices. Sell on Amazon Sell Your Services on Amazon Sell on Amazon Business Sell Your Apps on Amazon Become an Affiliate Advertise Your Products Self-Publish with Us › See all. Amazon Rewards Visa Signature Cards Amazon.com Store Card Amazon.com Corporate Credit Line Shop with Points Credit Card Marketplace Reload Your Balance Amazon Currency Converter. Your Account Your Orders Shipping Rates & Policies Amazon Prime Returns & Replacements Manage Your Content and Devices Amazon Assistant Help. Amazon Music Stream millions of songs. Amazon Drive Cloud storage from Amazon. 6pm Score deals on fashion brands. AbeBooks Books, art & collectibles. ACX Audiobook Publishing Made Easy. Alexa Actionable Analytics for the Web. Amazon Business Everything For Your Business. AmazonFresh Groceries & More Right To Your Door. AmazonGlobal Ship Orders Internationally. Home Services Handpicked Pros Happiness Guarantee. Amazon Inspire Digital Educational Resources. Amazon Rapids Fun stories for kids on the go. Amazon Restaurants Food delivery from local restaurants. Amazon Video Direct Video Distribution Made Easy. Amazon Web Services Scalable Cloud Computing Services. Audible Download Audio Books. AudiobookStand Discount Audiobooks on Disc. Book Depository Books With Free Delivery Worldwide. Box Office Mojo Find Movie Box Office Data. ComiXology Thousands of Digital Comics. CreateSpace Indie Print Publishing Made Easy. DPReview Digital Photography. East Dane Designer Men's Fashion. Fabric Sewing, Quilting & Knitting. Goodreads Book reviews & recommendations. IMDb Movies, TV & Celebrities. IMDbPro Get Info Entertainment Professionals Need. Junglee.com Shop Online in India. Kindle Direct Publishing Indie Digital Publishing Made Easy. Prime Now FREE 2-Hour Delivery on Everyday Items. Prime Photos Unlimited Photo Storage Free With Prime. Shopbop Designer Fashion Brands. TenMarks.com Math Activities for Kids & Schools. Warehouse Deals Open-Box Discounts. Whole Foods Market America’s Healthiest Grocery Store. Withoutabox Submit to Film Festivals. Woot! Deals and Shenanigans. Zappos Shoes & Clothing. Souq.com Shop Online in the Middle East. Subscribe with Amazon Discover & try subscription services. Conditions of Use Privacy Notice Interest-Based Ads © 1996-2018, Amazon.com, Inc. 
National Accessibility Customer Service Skip to Main Content. Use arrow keys to access sub-menus and sub-menu links, this may require a mode change. In the meantime, explore some of our products and services:. Browse a selection of Phones, Devices & Plans. Note: Not all devices and plans are available for purchase at this alternate site. 
The best way to stay connected to the Android pulse. Our main newsletter is the Android Weekly which is sent every Sunday and contains all the top Android news, reviews and features from the past week.. The best way to stay connected to the Android pulse.. 100% Privacy, No Spam Policy: We value privacy and your email address will be 100% secure. We hate spam just like you do and will never send you too much email, nor will we ever share your information with anyone.. LG V10 review A fantastic flagship offering makes for a very compelling option. by Lanh Nguyen November 9, 2015. Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus.. - Military Standard 810G certified for shock resistance. - Fast and accurate fingerprint scanner. - LG software package is still cluttered. - Inconvenient placement of secondary screen. With its larger display, fingerprint scanner, great design, durable build quality, camera that excels in video recording and high quality audio, the LG V10 is a really solid offering - especially if you wanted more out of the LG G4.. There is no getting around the fact that the LG V10 is a large smartphone. While the DuraSkin material offers enough grip to keep the device from falling out of your hands, the overall handling experience isn’t particularly comfortable. The main reason for this has to do with the display, or rather displays in this case, with the LG V10 coming with an extension to the screen at the top up front that results in a taller device. This can take some getting used to.. It works about 80% of the time with the first try, with a second attempt required in the other case. That’s not the biggest failure rate of course, but it is something that will get more frustrating the more you use it, especially given the very accurate fingerprint readers we’ve seen with some other flagship smartphones.. When it comes to the battery, the LG V10 features a 3,000mAh replaceable unit that proves to be good enough to last a full day with average use, but you will be hard-pressed to get a whole lot more than that. If using the device to take a lot of pictures or while playing a lot of games, you will find yourself needing to charge the device halfway through your day. On the bright side, charging the device doesn’t take too long, courtesy of its fast charging capabilities. Of course, you also have the option to carry around a spare battery. All of these manual controls are great, and if you are seriously into smartphone videography, you’re going to be very happy with the LG V10. The biggest problem with videos is that they’re not easily shareable on social media due to the large file sizes, but LG’s video editing software lets you easily edit the video into a 15 second highlight reel at the touch of a button, which makes it a lot easier to share, and not so coincidentally, is the same length as an Instagram video.. Displays Main: 5.7-inch IPS Quantum Display with 2560 x 1440 resolution, 513ppi. Secondary: 2.1-inch IPS Quantum Display with 160 x 1040 resolution, 513ppi. Connectivity Wi-Fi 802.11 a, b, g, n, ac / Bluetooth 4.1 / NFC / USB 2.0. Camera 16MP rear-facing camera, f/1.8 aperture and OIS 2.0. 5MP Dual Lens front-facing camera, (80o Standard Angle / 120o Wide Angle). Dimensions 159.6 x 79.3 x 8.6mm, 192g. Colors Space Black, Luxe White, Modern Beige, Ocean Blue, Opal Blue. Buy the LG V10 at Amazon. LG’s new V series is the company’s latest attempt at capturing the premium smartphone market. With the first device of the series featuring a unique form factor, new multi-media capabilities and enhanced durability, the latest flagship offering from LG does a bring a lot to the table, but is it enough to make this smartphone a compelling choice? We find out, in this comprehensive LG V10 review!. LG V10 Vs LG G4 Quick Look. LG has never been known for making the most premium of smartphones, focusing instead on function over form with their flagship offerings. With the V10, LG is attempting to offer the best of both worlds with the sides made of 316L stainless steel and a body that is wrapped in DuraSkin. The DuraSkin coating is very soft to the touch and provides a lot of grip.. Aside from giving the V10 a very sturdy look and feel, these new material choices make for an extremely durable device. The V10 is MIL-STD-810G certified for shock resistance.. As seen in our LG V10 drop test , the device may not be indestructible and the display certainly isn’t shatterproof, but it can handle the average drop much better than most other flagship smartphones out there.. There’s no mistaking the V10 for anything other than a LG smartphone though, with the device borrowing a lot of its design cues from its flagship counterpart, the LG G4. Both LG devices feature sharp corners and a slightly rounded top and bottom. The exception here is that the V10 is a completely flat device and doesn’t have the signature curved body that we’ve seen in other LG flagships this year.. Other signature design elements are seen here as well, including the rear button layout below the camera unit. There is a fingerprint scanner integrated into the power button this time around, which is a new feature we haven’t seen from LG in the past.. The back cover is also removable, allowing for access to the SIM card slot, the microSD card slot and the removable battery. LG is one of very few OEMs to still offer a removable battery in their smartphones, which is quite refreshing to see in a market where most other phone makers are forgoing this feature. A microphone and IR blaster are found up top, and at the bottom is the headphone jack, Micro USB port, a single speaker unit and a second microphone.. The overall handling experience isn't particularly comfortable. The LG V10 features a primary 5.7-inch IPS LCD display with a Quad HD resolution, resulting in a pixel density of 515 ppi. As expected, the display is beautiful, sharp, bright and easy to see outdoors. Media consumption and gaming centric users will certainly appreciate the large size. Overall, this display is nothing short of what you would expect from LG.. The main story here is the secondary screen at the top of the display.. When taking into account the size of both screens combined,. the screen is actually closer to 6 inches in size. This secondary screen works as a hub for notifications, application shortcuts, recently-opened apps, media controls, favorite contacts and upcoming calendar events. It will also show you basic information like the time and date when the main display isn’t on. All of these can be adjusted and modified in the Settings menu. And for a touch of personalization, you can have your name or a short message displayed here when the primary screen is off. Overall, its functionality is quite similar to what Samsung has on offer with their edge displays, but the LG V10 second screen does pack in a little more.. The second screen proves to be very useful when it comes to notification management, as it gives you the ability to see any missed calls or text messages without needing to wake up the primary display. When you’re using the device notifications will show up on the second screen, keeping the main display free from any distractions. This is great for gaming and watching videos.. The second screen is very useful when it comes to notification management. The issue with the second screen, and the reason for some skepticism, is where it sits on the device. Being at the top makes it very hard to reach in. regards to one-handed use, and when using it for multi-tasking to quickly switch between apps, it doesn’t feel as quick because of how inconvenient the placement is. Even though the execution may not be perfect,. the second screen does prove to be more useful than we. Under the hood, the LG V10 comes with an octa-core Qualcomm Snapdragon 808 processor, clocked at 1.82 GHz, and backed by the Adreno 418 GPU and 4 gigabytes. This is similar to the processing package found with its flagship counterpart, the G4, save for the additional gig of RAM. Performance is as you would expect from any current generation high-end smartphone.. is fast, smooth, and responsive in day to day use, with very smooth animations and scrolling. The device handles everything quite well – from simple tasks such as opening applications and browsing the web, to more processor-intensive tasks like gaming and multi-tasking.. Even with LG’s somewhat bloated software experience, the processing package keeps everything moving along just fine, and there were no instances of any noticeable slow down.. The only storage configuration available with the LG V10 is 64 GB, which should prove to be more than enough for most users. Of course, if you are concerned about meeting your storage needs, expandable storage via microSD is available as well, for up to an additional 2 TB.. More notable in hardware is the addition of a fingerprint scanner, and its inclusion isn’t particularly surprising given how this is a feature that is becoming more and more common with other. As previously mentioned, the fingerprint reader is embedded into the power button on. Overall, it’s a very solid first attempt by LG.. The scanner helps unlock the device very quickly, but is unfortunately not the most accurate around.. The fingerprint reader could use some work. The bottom-mounted external speaker isn’t in the most optimal position, and it can be pretty easy to muffle when using the device in the landscape orientation. It does get quite loud, though, and the overall quality is fine.. The highlight of the audio experience comes when using the device with headphones, with the device packing a 32-bit Hi-Fi digital to analog converter, which is a huge deal for anyone that uses their smartphone as the primary music player. It works with MP3 files as well as streaming audio, so you get to take advantage of it even when using apps like Spotify or Google Play Music. As long as you have a decent pair of headphones, you will definitely notice the difference the up sampling makes, allowing for a crisper and clearer sound.. The V10 has a battery that will last all day, but not much more than that. You might also like: Best LG V10 cases. The LG V10 comes with a 16 megapixel. primary camera with a f/1.8 aperture, optical image stabilization (OIS), and a laser-guided auto focus system. That is the same camera setup found with the LG G4, so it’s not surprising that the V10 is capable of taking some excellent photos. Images are sharp, with a lot of detail and accurate color reproduction, and the dynamic range is fantastic, making for a camera experience that is very enjoyable.. There is a hint of over sharpening in the images, but it isn’t too drastic and actually helps more than it hinders. In low-light conditions, the camera does tend to overexpose, especially in the highlights which are typically blown out. The camera also doesn’t get the white balance quite right at times, but aside from that, the images still retain a fair amount of detail and generally look pretty good.. The device comes with not one, but two front-facing 5 megapixel. We’ve seen dual camera setups in the past on other devices, but this is the first time that it has been found up front. Unlike other smartphones where the dual cameras help with depth information or 3D images, the two cameras of the V10 are just two individual front-facing shooters, with one featuring an 80-degree lens for a more standard field of view, while the other comes with a 120-degree wide angle lens. You can toggle back and forth between the two within the camera software, and the 120-degree wide angles lens comes in handy when trying to take group shots. The overall quality of these front-facing cameras is quite good as well.. When the LG G4 was released earlier this year, there was a lot of hype surrounding the DSLR-like manual controls that were available with the device, along with the ability to shoot in the RAW format. We’re happy to report that these features have made. their way over to the LG V10. Additionally, the V10 also brings these manual controls over to video recording as well, which is a pretty big deal for a smartphone camera.. Now, you can do many of things you would normally do with a DSLR camera, like adjust white balance, ISO, shutter speed, and manually control the focus. Videos can be recorded in 4K, 1080p, and slow motion, and you can even record in a cinematic mode that bumps the frame rate down to 24 fps for a. Having good audio when shooting videos is very important as well, and the V10 allows you to easily monitor the audio in real time, adjust the audio levels, change the direction of the audio recording, and even eliminate interference using the wind noise filter.. There is also a new Steady Mode built-in that is designed to remove motion blur, even more so than what OIS is capable of. It only works when recording in 1080p or lower, but the footage is very smooth, stable, and almost looks like something you would get when using a gimbal or some sort of handheld rig.. There is also another new feature called multi-view recording that lets you use all 3 cameras simultaneously to really offer some perspective. It can be a lot of fun to use in the right scenarios.. If you're a fan of smartphone videography, you're going to be happy with the LG V10. The LG V10 comes with Android 5.1.1 Lollipop out of the box, with LG promising an official upgrade to Android 6.0 Marshmallow by the end of the year, or early next year. Granted, that a very vague time frame, but one can only hope that the update is made available soon.. The software experience itself will be pretty familiar to anyone who has used an LG smartphone within the last couple of years. With the exception of the features associated with the secondary display, the software package is largely identical to what is seen with the LG G4. LG’s take on Android is still not the most attractive around, with things. like the Settings menu being just as cluttered and convoluted as before.. There are a bevy of features that fans of LG have become accustomed to over the years to be found here though, such as double tap to wake, Knock Code, dual-window, and the ability to re-size the keyboard for easier typing. Given its large size, also useful is the option to shrink the screen and re-size it by swiping across the on-screen navigation keys, intended to help with one-handed use.. The LG V10 is now available from Verizon Wireless, T-Mobile and AT&T, falling within the $600 – $700 price range off-contract. If that’s more than you’re comfortable spending, you can pick up the device from these carriers at a subsidized rate.. So there you have it for this in-depth look at the LG V10! As LG intended, the V10 is a more powerful version of the LG G4 and offers a larger display, a unique secondary screen, a better and more durable build quality, a fingerprint scanner, and a camera that excels in video recording. If the G4 fell short of your expectations and you were looking for more, a lot more is what you are getting with the LG V10.. Buy the LG V10 at Amazon. LG , LG V10 , Smartphone Reviews. Your source for all things Android!. © 2018 Android Authority | All Rights Reserved.. 
The LG V10 is the next way to seize the moment, create your story, and share it with a single tap. This is the smartphone for storytellers.. Create and share the magic in everyday moments with the innovative new LG V20, the first smartphone to ship with Android 7.0 Nougatâplus the first to feature 32-bit Hi-Fi Quad DAC capabilities, delivering a crisp and clear sound that reduces ambient noise levels.. •Record crisp, clear contentâeven when you're on the move. Steady Record 2.0 allows you to capture sharp, smooth video by minimizing the effects of unintentional hand shaking.. •Get the high-quality sound with the first smartphone to include Quad DAC for cleaner playback.. •Front and rear Wide Angle Lenses give you three times more room to fit everyone in the frame, while Auto Shot makes taking selfies a breeze - no buttons required.. 
To properly experience our LG.com website,. you will need to use an alternate browser or upgrade to a newer version of internet Explorer (IE9 or greater).. Right click at the top of your browser and make sure the “Menu Bar” option is selected. Select “Tools” from the menu bar and then select “Compatibility View settings”. In the pop-up menu uncheck all three boxes and click “Close”. Your browser window will automatically refresh and you’ll be ready to go. The LG.com website utilizes responsive design to provide convenient experience that conforms to your devices screen size. In order to get the best possible experience our LG.COM website please follow below instructions.. If you’re using Internet Explorer 8 or earlier, you will need to use an alternate browser such as Firefox or Chrome or upgrade to a newer version of internet Explorer (IE9 or greater) .. If you’re using Internet Explorer 9 and higher, turn off your Internet Explorer browser’s “Compatibility View settings” by following steps below:. LG SIGNATURE Products Support. Products OLED TVs Refrigerators Washers Dryers Air Purifiers Ranges Dishwashers. Mobile TV/Audio/Video Appliances Computers. Cell Phones Discover the LG V30 Discover the LG G6 All Phones AT&T Phones Sprint Phones T-Mobile Phones Verizon Phones US Cellular Phones Unlocked Phones. Bluetooth Headsets & Headphones All Bluetooth Headsets & Headphones Shop Headsets & Headphones Accessories Discover LG TONE Headsets & Headphones. Mobile Accessories All Mobile Accessories Wireless Keyboards Cell Phone Batteries Cell Phone Cradles & Chargers Cell Phones Covers & Cases. The Big Screen that Fits in Your Hand. TVs All TVs OLED TVs SUPER UHD TVs 4K Ultra HD TVs LED TVs. Home Audio All Home Audio Sound Bars Shelf Stereo & Loud Speaker Systems Bluetooth & Wireless Speakers Dolby Atmos Home Theater Smart Speakers Speakers with Meridian Audio. Home Video Blu-ray & DVD Players Projectors. TV Audio Video Accessories Remotes TV Wall Mounts 3D Glasses. Refrigerators Discover LG InstaView™ Door-in-Door® All Refrigerators Door-in-Door® LG InstaView™ Door-in-Door® French Door Side-by-Side Bottom Freezer Top Freezer Counter-Depth Kimchi/Specialty Foods. Cooking Appliances All Cooking Appliances Discover NeoChef™ Microwaves Ranges & Ovens Wall Ovens Cooktops Microwave Ovens Hoods. Dishwashers Discover QuadWash™ Top Control Dishwashers Front Control Dishwashers. Kitchen Accessories Refrigerator Filters All Kitchen Accessories Replacement Oven Knobs. Washers All Washers Discover LG SideKick™ Front Load Washers TWIN Load Washers LG SideKick™ Pedestal Washers Top Load Washers. Dryers Gas Dryers Electric Dryers. Steam Clothing Care System LG Styler. Air Care Solutions Air Purifiers Dehumidifiers. Vacuum Cleaners Robot Vacuum Cleaners Stick Vacuums. Knock Twice and See What's Inside. For Small Loads That Are a Big Deal. Consumer Monitors All Monitors Gaming Monitors 4K / 5K Monitors 21:9 UltraWide® Monitors UltraFine™ Monitors IPS Monitors LED Monitors. Commercial Monitors Desktop Monitors 21:9 UltraWide Monitors Medical Monitors Zero Client 4K UHD UltraFine™ Monitors. Burners & Drives All Burners & Drives Blu-ray Burners and Drives DVD Burners and Drives. Additional Support MyLG Account Parts & Accessories Document Upload Announcements Works with Voice Assistant. Repair Services Request a Repair Track Repair Locate Repair Provider LG Direct Service LG Authorized Service Center. Contact Us Chat & Email Telephone Twitter Support Ask the Community Facebook Support. Business Support Business Support Home Request RA Request SWAP Track RA or SWAP Status Business Warranty Enhanced Service Plan Five-Star Service. Top Searches LG Bridge LG PC Suite Smart Share Mobile Support TV Support. Discover Our Newest Collection of TV, Appliance and Mobile Accessories. Extend your protection for years to come with the additional peace of mind of LG Premium Care.. Step-by-Step Guide by Device and Cable Connector.. Search Search. Welcome Sign out. IPS Quantum Display with Second Screen. Manual Mode for Still & Video Camera. Quick Video Editor & Snap Video Mode. Whether big or small, everyday or extraordinary—everyone has stories to tell. So we’ve made a device to help tell them. The LG V10 offers everything you need to capture the in-between moments by recording life better, editing easily and sharing more often.. Adjust settings in real-time for full creative control.. Customize your videos by adjusting playback speed, adding filters, choosing background music and adding titles.. With the two screens of the LG V10, convenience has never looked so good. The always-on Second Screen provides quick access to notifications and features, without interrupting activity on the main screen. The 5.7” ” IPS Quad HD display showcases brilliant, authentic imagery.. Post videos to your favorite social platforms with a single tap.. Fingerprint ID Security allows you secure access and to lock specific content.. LG smartWorld™ Enjoy Phenomenal Experiences from LG. Download numerous themes, fonts, and keyboards on all LG smartphones, and listen to your favorite music with rich, warm, hi-fi audio.. The award-winning LG V10 was a featured product at the 2016 Consumer Electronics Show.. Qualcomm® Snapdragon™ 808 Processor with (integrated) 1.8 GHz 64-bit Hexa-Core CPU. 4 GB LPDDR3 RAM (3.6 GB available). 64 GB (up to 50 GB usable) - expandable via microSD™ card (sold separately). IPS Quantum Display with Second Screen, Manual Mode for Still & Video Camera, Steady. Record, Quick Video Editor & Snap Video Mode, Quick Share, Fingerprint ID. 5.7" IPS Quantum (2560 x 1440) with 513 ppi and 550 nit & 0.2" Second Screen. Qualcomm® Snapdragon™ 808 Processor with (integrated) 1.8 GHz 64-bit Hexa-Core CPU. CDMA: 1.9 GHz CDMA PCS/800 MHz CDMA GSM: 850/900/1800/1900, WCDMA: Band 1/2/5/8, LTE:. EVDO, EVDO Rev A, 1xRTT, LTE. 149.4 x 73.9 x 7.7 mm. 4 GB LPDDR3 (3.6 GB available). Actual battery time may vary depending on network connectivity and application use. Up to up to 3840 x 2160*. 1280 x 720 resolution, 120 FPS*. Real-time adjustable settings: audio focus, manual focus, white balance, frame rates,. 3 mics for better signal reference and multi-directional audio capture; supports Bluetooth®. Audio Zoom 2.0 and Wind Noise Filter. Controls audio focus direction and minimizes background and wind noise. Capture and combine a series of 3-second video clips. Quick access to social platforms after recording. Control speed, add filters, select background music, and other options to customize. Creates a 15-second highlight clip from 30-second or longer video for easy sharing. Pause and start in record mode for one continuous video file. A floating lens compensates for hand movements to capture sharp images quickly with. Determines optimal white balance for more accurate, life-like color reproduction. Large aperture allows faster shutter speed in low-light situations. Manual settings for shutter speed, ISO, white balance, and more; save as JPEG or RAW. Take still shots while recording video**. Auto, Multi-view, Panorama*, Slo-mo*, and Time-lapse*. Take Group (Wide Angle) or Single Person (Standard Angle) Selfie Shot. Create a photo or video collage with the dual front cameras and the rear camera. Take selfies with a simple hand gesture***. Gesture Interval Shot* and Interval Shot*. Make a fist twice to take four selfies on a timer***. Transitions between camera mode and preview mode automatically with a hand motion***. Screen will illuminate a soft light around the photo preview for well-lit selfies***. Available only on rear-facing camera or camcorder. Not available with some camcorder settings. Available only on front-facing camera or camcorder.. 5.7" IPS Quantum Display (515 ppi, 550 nit). Provides quick access to notifications, favorite apps, camera control features, and. Stainless Steel Pillars and Thermoplastic Silicone. Gorilla Glass 3 inside and Gorilla Glass 4 outside. Hold finger on Power/Lock Key sensor to unlock files and phone. The LG V10 is compliant with a military standards test (MIL-STD-810G Method 516.6,. Device may not perform as tested in all conditions.. Share a 4G LTE data connection with up to 10 compatible wireless devices**. 802.11 a/b/g/n/ac (Dual-Band 2.4 GHz, 5 GHz). Share contacts, web pages, and more via Near Field Communication (NFC). Wirelessly transfer multimedia content from compatible LG devices via Wi-Fi Direct®. Allow compatible nearby devices to access your content via DLNA®. Wirelessly mirror device screen on a compatible display. Transfer files or synchronize with Windows® Media Player. Verizon’s 4G LTE Network not available everywhere. Third-party accessories may void the manufacturer's warranty.. Supports 4K SlimPort® Adapter for UHD Video Output to HDMI®-Enabled TV or Monitor. Add events to your calendar by dragging and dropping items from the Event Pocket into. Video Player with Touch Lock and Resume Play Function. Supports DivX,® MP4, WMV, 3GP, MKV, WebM, FLV, TS, and 3G2 Formats. Subtitle Settings, Playback Speed***, and Video Auto Off Function. Organized by albums, timeline, memories, favorites, and videos; access nearby devices. Supports AAC, AAC+, eAAC+, AMR, MP3, MIDI, WAV, WMA, FLAC, QCP, M4A, EVRC, and Ogg. Requires 4K compatible SlimPort adapter (sold separately). Not available for videos recorded in UHD.. Interprets a range of contextual inputs and device usage patterns, and provides recommendations. that change with the user’s intent. View information and launch applications; includes customizable cards that provide. tips, help users track their health, and more. Turn settings on/off, open apps, or change settings according to where you are, like. having Wi-Fi® turn on when you get home. Free up space by deleting temporary files and removing infrequently used apps. Manage daily activities, record health information*. Write or draw on nearly any screen and schedule memos to appear at certain times using. Overlay up to two windows with adjustable sizing and transparency on the primary screen. Use two apps simultaneously on a split screen. Provides efficient operation and adapts to the user; includes keyboard height control,. adaptive area recognition based on word prediction, user behavior, and easy cursor. Create a 3-8 point tapping pattern for security and direct access to the home screen. Double tap the screen to put your phone to sleep/ wake it without picking it up or. Protect certain images and videos in Gallery with a fingerprint, password, or pattern. lock; prevent files from being previewed when linked to a PC**. Shrink the screen for use with one hand. This app is not intended to diagnose, treat or prevent any disease or medical condition.. Always seek the advice of a qualified medical professional before making any changes. to your exercise, sleep, or nutrition. Some owner content may still be accessible to a user who enables Content Lock. VS990 Space Black Reviews - page 2. Rated 5 out of. This is a fantastic phone awesome Camera and Video capabilities the screen is so nice and clear the phone feels really good in the hand it does not have too many flaws but they're only severe flaw is the battery even keeping it honest battery saving mode and keeping the screen at about 35% most apps turned off the battery die so quickly within hours if they could just make a better battery for this I actually went out and purchased a larger battery that's the same size 3950 milliamp hour battery and that doesn't add too much time and no support for vs990 after 6.0 sucks even though same phone from mobile has nougut. Rated 2 out of. For the most part, this phone has been nothing but trouble. I have connecting problems (no one else will,) my callers say I sound garbled way too often (no location based) and the camera is not what it was sold as. As far as battery life - I'm simply fed up. I carry spare batteries because I know my installed bsttery will die within a couple of hours. I have ten months before I pay this phone off on my plan can afford to upgrade. Rated 5 out of. I have found my phone! This is my fourth touchscreen smart phone over the past six years. This is the one I don't want to ever replace! I really like the buttons being on the back instead of the sides. I have found the secondary screen to be useful and I use it constantly. Also, the steel frame has been a lifesaver. I'm disappointed to see that it's successors (and competitors) moved away from rear buttons and secondary screens. If/when the time ever comes that this device starts becoming obsolete I will have to say goodbye to my favorite features. In 2015 YouTube's Marques Brownlee called this the most underrated phone and I have to say that I agree. This phone got very little spotlight and if it wasn't for his review I would have never heard of it. I greatly urge LG to continue releasing high-end 'phablets' with secondary screens and rear buttons. When necessary I will continue reordering only this device until it can no longer bear the ever growing demands of technology. Although, as of right now in 2018 it's still holding up just fine.. Rated 2 out of. Not the best phone I have ever had. This phone started off great but after a few months the battery began draining rapidly. It would die within 4 to 5 hours of light use. They kept sending me new phones and I kept having the same result. Finally had to buy battery charging cradle and extra battery and switched the batteries and lunch time everyday. The phone itself had decent features, pretty nice camera, big screen and durable build.. Rated 3 out of. Love this Phone it just does not love me. I bought an LG v10 in 2015 since then I have replaced it 4 times each time it being a software problem. Rated 1 out of. I bought this 1 year and 2 months ago and I have had nothing but problem after problem. I continued to spend money on batteries and new chargers when in fact it was the phone all along. The phone has completely shut down on me and actually wont even turn back on. I contacted the cell phone company who is trying their best to help make this right. They sent me out the same phone and within hours the new one they sent was not working. I actually just contacted the LG company (customer service)to see if they would help and did not get any help. I was told that because it had been 1 year and 2 months after I bought the phone the warranty was no longer valid. I was told that they would fix the phone however I was responsible to pay for the phone to be fixed. This is ok, because I will NEVER own nor purchase an LG productive of any kind due to this. You refused to help me in any way unless I pay, really? Lesion learned for sure, never again with LG products. Rated 2 out of. I bought my lg v10 in about 14 months ago through t-mobile. Since i had this phone, most of the times it freezes while i'm in the middle of reading something through social media, playing games or internet. I really like this phone but i just don't like its poor performance! Just yesterday, it just freezes and shut off itself for good and not a good day to start with. Rated 4 out of. Have had the phone for 2 weeks. It's great! Only wish battery life was better. LG TONE Active® Bluetooth® Wireless Headset. LG TONE Active+™ Bluetooth® Wireless Stereo Headset. LG TONE ULTRA® Premium Bluetooth® Wireless Stereo Headset. We're here to support you with our product. View VS990 Space Black Product Support. Get the most out of your ownership. Help yourself to helpful product information. Learn how to install & operate your LG product. More help with your LG product. Contact us for any support inquiries.. Chat with an LG Support Representative. Tweet @LGUSSupport for Support.. No time to chat? Send LG Support your inquiry.. LG Stylo 2 V | Verizon Wireless. FIND AN AUTHORIZED STORE NEAR YOU. The CES Innovation Awards are based upon descriptive materials submitted to the judges. CEA did not verify the accuracy of any submission or of any claims made and did not test the item to which the award was given. The LG V10™ is compliant with a military standards test (MIL-STD-810G Method 516.6, Procedure IV “Transit Drop”). Device may not perform as tested in all conditions. Discover the LG VS990 – a V10™ smartphone for Verizon Wireless that's built for video – and all that you do. With enhanced videography and editing features, superior audio functionality and seamless social sharing, the LG V10™ in Space Black gives you the power to capture events as they unfold and share them with just the touch of a button. Plus, with high-resolution dual front-facing cameras, an f/1.8 lens for more detailed images, even in low light, and a manual mode that gives you the ultimate in control – the LG V10™ VS990 makes it easy to shoot like a pro. In addition, the LG V10™ in Space Black features stainless steel frame components, and silicone bumpers, as well as two layers of glass to help protect against damage. And with a long-lasting, removable battery you can choose to plug in when your power gets low, or simply replace your battery with a fresh one and keep going. Available in Space Black or Luxe White the V10™ smartphone delivers form and function as never before. Explore our full range of LG Cellphones and find the perfect device for the way you live.. Design, features and specifications subject to change without notice. Some features in videos may not be available on all models. Please refer to the TECHNICAL SPECIFICATIONS tab for a complete list of features by model. *Prices, promotions and availability may vary by store and online. Prices subject to change without notice. Check with your local retailers for final price and availability.. LG SIGNATURE LG SIGNATURE Brand Story LG SIGNATURE Products Products OLED TVs Refrigerators Washers Dryers Air Purifiers Ranges Dishwashers Cell Phones All Phones AT&T Phones Sprint Phones T-Mobile Phones Verizon Phones US Cellular Phones Unlocked Phones Boost Mobile Phones Cricket Phones Metro PCS Phones TracFone Phones Virgin Mobile Phones Xfinity Phones Smartphones Android Phones 4G LTE Phones Quad-core Phones Budget Phones Basic Phones Prepaid / No Contract Phones G Series Phones K Series Phones Stylo Series Phones V Series Phones X Series Phones Touch Screen Smart Watches Tablets Enterprise Mobile Solutions Bluetooth Headsets & Headphones All Bluetooth Headsets & Headphones Shop LG Bluetooth Headsets & Headphones Discover LG TONE Headsets & Headphones Mobile Accessories All Mobile Accessories LG Wireless Keyboards Shop LG Wireless Keyboards LG Cell Phone Batteries Shop Cell Phone Batteries LG Cell Phone Cradles & Chargers Shop LG Cell Phone Cradles & Chargers LG Cell Phones Covers & Cases TVs All TVs OLED TVs HDR TVs SUPER UHD TVs 4K Ultra HD TVs LED TVs 3D TVs Smart TVs Curved TVs 22 Inch to 29 Inch Class TVs 32 Inch to 39 Inch Class TVs 40 Inch to 43 Inch Class TVs 47 Inch to 49 Inch Class TVs 50 Inch to 55 Inch Class TVs 60 Inch to 65 Inch Class TVs 70 Inch to 79 Inch Class TVs 84 Inch to 105 Inch Class TVs Home Audio All Home Audio Sound Bars Shelf Stereo & Loud Speaker Systems Bluetooth & Wireless Speakers Dolby Atmos Home Theater Smart Speakers Speakers with Meridian Audio Home Video Blu-ray & DVD Players Projectors Home Security TV Audio Video Accessories Remotes TV Wall Mounts 3D Glasses Discover LG Matte Black Refrigerators All Refrigerators Door-in-Door® French Door Side-by-Side Bottom Freezer Top Freezer Counter-Depth Kimchi/Specialty Foods Cooking Appliances All Cooking Appliances Ranges & Ovens Electric Ranges Gas Ranges Wall Ovens Single Wall Ovens Double Wall Ovens Cooktops Gas Cooktops Radiant (Electric) Cooktops Microwave Ovens Countertop Microwave Over The Range Microwave Hoods Dishwashers Top Control Dishwashers Front Control Dishwashers LG Studio Kitchen Accessories Refrigerator Filters All Kitchen Accessories Replacement Oven Knobs Washers All Washers Front Load Washers TWIN Load Washers LG SideKick™ Pedestal Washers Top Load Washers Washer Dryer Combos Dryers Gas Dryers Electric Dryers Steam Clothing Care System LG Styler Laundry Accessories Laundry Pedestals Dryer Racks Laundry Hoses Dryer Lint Filters Washer Dryer Stacking Kits Air Conditioners Portable Air Conditioners Window Air Conditioners Wall Air Conditioners Casement Air Conditioners Air Care Solutions Air Purifiers Dehumidifiers Vacuum Cleaners Robot Vacuum Cleaners Stick Vacuums LED Lights Home Appliance Accessories Air Conditioner Accessories Consumer Monitors All Monitors Gaming Monitors 4K / 5K Monitors 21:9 UltraWide® Monitors UltraFine™ Monitors IPS Monitors LED Monitors Commercial Monitors Desktop Monitors 21:9 UltraWide Monitors Medical Monitors Zero Client 4K UHD UltraFine™ Monitors Laptops Burners & Drives All Burners & Drives Blu-ray Burners and Drives DVD Burners and Drives Computer Accessories Promotions Discover LG Promotions Rebates SUPPORT Register a Product Software & Drivers Manuals & Documents Help Library Video Tutorials Additional Support MyLG Account Parts & Accessories Document Upload Announcements LG Refrigerator Energy Offer LG Recycling Program Works with Voice Assistant Repair Services Request a Repair Track Repair Locate Repair Provider LG Direct Service LG Authorized Service Center Contact Us Chat & Email Telephone Twitter Support Ask the Community Facebook Support Business Support Business Support Home Request RA Request SWAP Track RA or SWAP Status Business Warranty Enhanced Service Plan Five-Star Service Top Searches LG Bridge LG PC Suite Smart Share Mobile Support TV Support ABOUT LG Press Release Media Contacts Career Opportunities Newsletter Signup PUBLIC NOTICES General Mobile TV/Audio/Video Appliances Computer Products Compliance Information. For Business Site Map Privacy Legal Patent Terms & Conditions Accessibility Help. 
Processor : Qualcomm Snapdragon 808 Processor. Main display : 5.7-inch QHD IPS Quantum Display (2560 x 1440/513ppi). Secondary display : 2.1-inch IPS Quantum Display (160 x 1040/513ppi). Memory : 4GB LPDDR3 RAM / 64GB eMMC ROM/microSD (up to 2TB). Rear camera : 16MP with F1.8 Aperture/OIS 2.0. Front camera : 5MP Dual Lens (80-degree Standard Angle/120-degree Wide Angle). Operating system : Android 5.1.1 Lollipop. Size : 159.6 x 79.3 x 8.6mm. Connectivity : Wi-Fi 802.11 a, b, g, n, ac, Bluetooth 4.1, NFC, USB 2.0. Colors : Space Black, Luxe White, Modern Beige, Ocean Blue, Opal Blue. The V10 from LG is a unique phone that not only has a 5.7-inch QHD display, but also an always-on second screen above the main. The second screen provides a way for users to perform quick checks of things like weather, battery or time while the main display is off. The screen can also be used as an app launcher or for notifications.. The V10 is also sporting dual front-facing 5MP cameras, which LG says lets you take better wide angle selfies at up to 120 degrees. The rear camera comes in at 16MP f1.8, and includes OIS and wind noise filtering. The heart of the V10 holds a Snapdragon 808 SoC, 4GB of RAM, 64GB of storage (expandable to 2TB), NFC, fingerprint sensor and a 3000mAh removable battery. The V10 is stainless steel with a "resilient but soft Dura Skin" on the back and bottom of the phone. It's available in Space Black, Luxe White, Modern Beige, Ocean Blue, and Opal Blue versions.. The V10 is set to go on sale in Korea later this month, with other markets to follow at a later time.. The LG V10 is a bigger, beefier LG G4 with more camera features, a Second Screen and two front-facing cameras for dual-angle selfies. And it's not a bad phone by any stretch of the imagination. But it's really big, and really beefy.. A second opinion on the LG V10. Every year, I make sure I get my hands on whatever great phones LG puts out. I like the things it tries — like back buttons or flexible screens — and the V10 had me excited to try a phone that's built like body armor. It does not disappoint in that regard. But there is more to a smartphone than Duraskin and a steel rib cage.. Reclaim some space on your V10 with Smart Cleaning. There are plenty of ways to get rid of the junk and get some free space back, but LG has a special utility that's a one-stop shop named Smart Cleaning — and it's built into your new LG V10.. The new LG V10 is decidedly larger than its younger sibling, the LG G4. Just how much larger? We put the two side by side to get the pull picture.. The LG V10 is the start of a new series of phones for LG, to live alongside its stored "G" brand of Android smartphone. The initial offering sports a 5.7-inch display, dual front-facing cameras, a secondary display next to them, and a rear fingerprint scanner and power button combination.. Forget what you think you know about dual displays on smartphones. Forget the failed attempts that have come before. It's a new product line for the Korean manufacturer, with a number of new features —. and, yes, a secondary display that actually doesn't suck.. Why the LG V10 is still in my gear bag two years later. Great audio chops and being built to withstand the apocalypse makes the V10 the one phone I'm holding on to.. Bootlooping LG G4 and V10 owners file class-action suit. You may remember a nasty habit the LG G4 and LG V10 had of bootlooping on their poor owners. Those owners have had enough, and are taking LG to federal court in California.. LG V10 will pick up Nougat update in Q2 2017, LG G4 in Q3. LG initially stated that it will not deliver the Nougat update to the LG V10 and the LG G4, but the manufacturer has reversed course. The update is coming later this year for both handsets.. Boot loop problem and my factory repair story. I think it's great that LG is fixing all the V10s for free even well out of warranty. Grab an unlocked LG V10 for just $259 right now!. DailySteals is now offering an unlocked AT&T variant of the LG V10 for just $259. Be sure to act quick, this deal ends in a few short days!. Verizon pushes small updates to the LG G5 and V10. Verizon is now pushing fresh updates to a pair of LG phones, the G5 and the V10.. Great accessories for the LG V10. You probably carry your LG V10 with you everywhere you go, but is your phone prepared for all situations? Accessories aren’t just the icing on the cake, they allow your phone to be as useful as possible all the time. Here are some of the accessories for the LG V10 we think will benefit you the most.. LG V10 stuck on "Life's Good" screen but won't turn on. For what its worth, I just sent my v10 and 5x in for the bootloop issue. Do the Chat on the website, they will do form and send label. Here are my results, just waiting to pick them up. Buy one and get one free. AT&T expands its BOGO offer to add more phones. AT&T has expanded its BOGO (Buy One, Get One) free phone offer to include a number of Android phones, including the Samsung Galaxy S7 and S7 edge, the LG V10 and many more.. G5 and V10 get certified for government use. LG has announced that the G5 and the V10 have both been certified by the U.S. National Information Assurance Partnership for use in enterprise and military programs.. It's time to compare the LG G5 versus last year's LG V10 and see which phone comes out on top.. It's still worth a try, since it's a simple thing to do. Otherwise, I'm afraid I don't have any other ideas, sorry!. The LG V10 versus the Samsung Galaxy S7 edge. For a lot of people, the V10 is still LG's flagship phone. I happen to be one of them, and it's time to compare the best LG has to offer against the current darling of the smartphone industry, the Samsung Galaxy S7 edge.. Reinstalling the software on your Android phone sucks. I just had to manually flash a KDZ file to my T-Mobile LG V10. Now I'm ready to turn it off and never touch it again, and it's all because of the silly method required to "fix" it when you need to fix it yourself.. Marshmallow is available for LG V10 on AT&T. If you're rocking the AT&T variant of the LG V10, you'll be happy to hear that the Marshmallow update is now rolling out. You can grab the update manually if you haven't already received a notification for it.. I just Joined the Club - Bootlooped. I contacted LG, sent my G4 in for repair, and received it back, all covered by the warranty.. Marshmallow is rolling out to T-Mobile's LG V10. The Android 6.0 Marshmallow update for T-Mobile's LG V10 is now rolling out, or users can download it via the LG Bridge application.. Marshmallow update for T-Mobile's LG V10 coming next week. T-Mobile will bring Marshmallow to its version of the LG V10 starting at some point next week.. LG V10 Marshmallow update now rolling out from Verizon. Verizon has officially started pushing out the Marshmallow update for the LG V10, just as it said it would. Users are now reporting the update hitting their phone, so if you haven't seen it yet be sure to check your phone for an update.. Start a repair ticket on the LG site. Once you mention bootloop they will fix it for free. The cause will be listed as "not charging with cable" but they will replace the mainboard and send it back.... Pixel 2 & Pixel 2 XL. Careers: Writer | Dev. 
To properly experience our LG.com website,. you will need to use an alternate browser or upgrade to a newer version of internet Explorer (IE9 or greater).. Right click at the top of your browser and make sure the “Menu Bar” option is selected. Select “Tools” from the menu bar and then select “Compatibility View settings”. In the pop-up menu uncheck all three boxes and click “Close”. Your browser window will automatically refresh and you’ll be ready to go. The LG.com website utilizes responsive design to provide convenient experience that conforms to your devices screen size. In order to get the best possible experience our LG.COM website please follow below instructions.. If you’re using Internet Explorer 8 or earlier, you will need to use an alternate browser such as Firefox or Chrome or upgrade to a newer version of internet Explorer (IE9 or greater) .. If you’re using Internet Explorer 9 and higher, turn off your Internet Explorer browser’s “Compatibility View settings” by following steps below:. LG SIGNATURE Products Support. Products OLED TVs Refrigerators Washers Dryers Air Purifiers Ranges Dishwashers. Mobile TV/Audio/Video Appliances Computers. Cell Phones Discover the LG V30 Discover the LG G6 All Phones AT&T Phones Sprint Phones T-Mobile Phones Verizon Phones US Cellular Phones Unlocked Phones. Bluetooth Headsets & Headphones All Bluetooth Headsets & Headphones Shop Headsets & Headphones Accessories Discover LG TONE Headsets & Headphones. Mobile Accessories All Mobile Accessories Wireless Keyboards Cell Phone Batteries Cell Phone Cradles & Chargers Cell Phones Covers & Cases. The Big Screen that Fits in Your Hand. TVs All TVs OLED TVs SUPER UHD TVs 4K Ultra HD TVs LED TVs. Home Audio All Home Audio Sound Bars Shelf Stereo & Loud Speaker Systems Bluetooth & Wireless Speakers Dolby Atmos Home Theater Smart Speakers Speakers with Meridian Audio. Home Video Blu-ray & DVD Players Projectors. TV Audio Video Accessories Remotes TV Wall Mounts 3D Glasses. Refrigerators Discover LG InstaView™ Door-in-Door® All Refrigerators Door-in-Door® LG InstaView™ Door-in-Door® French Door Side-by-Side Bottom Freezer Top Freezer Counter-Depth Kimchi/Specialty Foods. Cooking Appliances All Cooking Appliances Discover NeoChef™ Microwaves Ranges & Ovens Wall Ovens Cooktops Microwave Ovens Hoods. Dishwashers Discover QuadWash™ Top Control Dishwashers Front Control Dishwashers. Kitchen Accessories Refrigerator Filters All Kitchen Accessories Replacement Oven Knobs. Washers All Washers Discover LG SideKick™ Front Load Washers TWIN Load Washers LG SideKick™ Pedestal Washers Top Load Washers. Dryers Gas Dryers Electric Dryers. Steam Clothing Care System LG Styler. Air Care Solutions Air Purifiers Dehumidifiers. Vacuum Cleaners Robot Vacuum Cleaners Stick Vacuums. Knock Twice and See What's Inside. For Small Loads That Are a Big Deal. Consumer Monitors All Monitors Gaming Monitors 4K / 5K Monitors 21:9 UltraWide® Monitors UltraFine™ Monitors IPS Monitors LED Monitors. Commercial Monitors Desktop Monitors 21:9 UltraWide Monitors Medical Monitors Zero Client 4K UHD UltraFine™ Monitors. Burners & Drives All Burners & Drives Blu-ray Burners and Drives DVD Burners and Drives. Additional Support MyLG Account Parts & Accessories Document Upload Announcements Works with Voice Assistant. Repair Services Request a Repair Track Repair Locate Repair Provider LG Direct Service LG Authorized Service Center. Contact Us Chat & Email Telephone Twitter Support Ask the Community Facebook Support. Business Support Business Support Home Request RA Request SWAP Track RA or SWAP Status Business Warranty Enhanced Service Plan Five-Star Service. Top Searches LG Bridge LG PC Suite Smart Share Mobile Support TV Support. Discover Our Newest Collection of TV, Appliance and Mobile Accessories. Extend your protection for years to come with the additional peace of mind of LG Premium Care.. Step-by-Step Guide by Device and Cable Connector.. Search Search. Welcome Sign out. 16 MP OIS 2.0 Laser Detection Auto Focus Rear Camera. IPS Quantum Display with Second Screen. Manual Mode for Still & Video Camera. Steady Record with Audio Zoom 2.0 & Wind Noise Reduction. Quick Video Editor & Snap Video Mode. Whether big or small, everyday or extraordinary—everyone has stories to tell. So we’ve made a device to help tell them. The LG V10 offers everything you need to capture the in-between moments by recording life better, editing easily and sharing more often.. Adjust settings in real-time for full creative control.. Customize your videos by adjusting playback speed, adding filters, choosing background music and adding titles.. With the two screens of the LG V10, convenience has never looked so good. The always-on Second Screen provides quick access to notifications and features, without interrupting activity on the main screen. The 5.7” ” IPS Quad HD display showcases brilliant, authentic imagery.. Post videos to your favorite social platforms with a single tap.. Fingerprint ID Security allows you secure access and to lock specific content.. LG smartWorld™ Enjoy Phenomenal Experiences from LG. Download numerous themes, fonts, and keyboards on all LG smartphones, and listen to your favorite music with rich, warm, hi-fi audio.. Qualcomm® Snapdragon™ 808 Processor with (integrated) 1.8 GHz 64-bit Hexa-Core CPU. 64 GB (up to 50.8 GB usable) - expandable via microSD™ card (sold separately). IPS Quantum Display with Second Screen, Manual Mode for Still & Video Camera, Steady. Record, Quick Video Editor & Snap Video Mode, Quick Share, Fingerprint ID. 5.7" IPS Quantum (2560 x 1440) with 513 ppi and 550 nit & 0.2" Second Screen. Qualcomm® Snapdragon™ 808 Processor with (integrated) 1.8 GHz 64-bit Hexa-Core CPU. 800 MHz CDMA / 1.9 GHz CDMA PCS / AWS(1.7/2.1 GHz). 6.28" (H) x 3.13" (W) x 0.34" (D). Actual battery time may vary depending on network connectivity and application use. Up to up to 3840 x 2160*. 1280 x 720p resolution, 120 FPS*. Real-time adjustable settings: audio focus, manual focus, white balance, frame rates,. 3 mics for better signal reference and multi-directional audio capture; supports Bluetooth®. Audio Zoom 2.0 and Wind Noise Filter. Controls audio focus direction and minimizes background and wind noise. Capture and combine a series of 3-second video clips. Quick access to social platforms after recording. Control speed, add filters, select background music, and other options to customize. Creates a 15-second highlight clip from 30-second or longer video for easy sharing. A floating lens compensates for hand movements to capture sharp images quickly with. Determines optimal white balance for more accurate, life-like color reproduction. Large aperture allows faster shutter speed in low-light situations. Manual settings for shutter speed, ISO, white balance, and more; save as JPEG or RAW. Take Group (Wide Angle) or Single Person (Standard Angle) Selfie Shot. Create a photo or video collage with the dual front cameras and the rear camera. Take selfies with a simple hand gesture***. Transitions between camera mode and preview mode automatically with a hand motion***. Screen will illuminate a soft light around the photo preview for well-lit selfies***. Available only on rear-facing camera or camcorder. Not available with some camcorder settings. Available only on front-facing camera or camcorder.. 5.7" IPS Quantum Display (515 ppi, 550 nit). Provides quick access to notifications, favorite apps, camera control features, and. Stainless Steel Pillars and Thermoplastic Silicone. Gorilla Glass 3 inside and Gorilla Glass 4 outside. Hold finger on Power/Lock Key sensor to unlock files and phone. The LG V10 is compliant with a military standards test (MIL-STD-810G Method 516.6,. Device may not perform as tested in all conditions.. Share a 4G LTE data connection with up to 8 compatible wireless devices**. 802.11 a/b/g/n/ac (Dual-Band 2.4 GHz, 5 GHz). Share contacts, web pages, and more via Near Field Communication (NFC). Wirelessly transfer multimedia content from compatible LG devices via Wi-Fi Direct®. Allow compatible nearby devices to access your content via DLNA®. Wirelessly mirror device screen on a compatible display. Wirelessly share or manage content from your phone on a computer. Transfer files or synchronize with Windows® Media Player***. AT&T’s 4G LTE Network not available everywhere. Third-party accessories may void the manufacturer's warranty.. Supports 4K SlimPort® Adapter for UHD Video Output to HDMI®-Enabled TV or Monitor. Add events to your calendar by dragging and dropping items from the Event Pocket into. Zoom in/out on videos during playback. Video Player with Touch Lock and Resume Play Function. Supports DivX,® MP4, WMV, 3GP, AVI, ASF, MKV, WebM, FLV, TS, and 3G2 Formats. Subtitle Settings, Playback Speed***, and Video Auto Off Function. Organized by albums, timeline, memories, favorites, and videos; access nearby devices. Supports AAC, AAC+, eAAC+, AMR, MP3, MIDI, WAV, WMA, FLAC, PCM, ADPCM, M4A, EVRC,. 100 GB Google Drive (free for 2 years)****. Requires 4K compatible SlimPort adapter (sold separately). Not available for videos recorded in UHD.. Interprets a range of contextual inputs and device usage patterns, and provides recommendations. that change with the user’s intent. View information and launch applications; includes customizable cards that provide. tips, help users track their health, and more. Turn settings on/off, open apps, or change settings according to where you are, like. having Wi-Fi® turn on when you get home. Free up space by deleting temporary files and removing infrequently used apps. Manage daily activities, record health information*. Write or draw on nearly any screen and schedule memos to appear at certain times using. Overlay up to two windows with adjustable sizing and transparency on the primary screen. Use two apps simultaneously on a split screen. Provides efficient operation and adapts to the user; includes keyboard height control,. adaptive area recognition based on word prediction, user behavior, and easy cursor. Create a 3-8 point tapping pattern for security and direct access to the home screen. with more than 86,000 possible combinations. Double tap the screen to put your phone to sleep/ wake it without picking it up or. Shrink the screen for use with one hand. This app is not intended to diagnose, treat or prevent any disease or medical condition.. Always seek the advice of a qualified medical professional before making any changes. to your exercise, sleep, or nutrition.. Some owner content may still be accessible to a user who enables Content Lock.. H900 Opal Blue Reviews - page 2. Rated 5 out of. Had the phone for over 2 years. I've had work phones fall downwhere this beauty keeps a beat.. Rated 5 out of. Review of H900 - LG V10. BUILD : I really like the Dura-Skin material and Stainless Steel edges.. I also like that the battery I replaceable.. SCREEN : I like the screen size and could probably go a little bigger but 5.7" is fine.. The Quad HD resolution is awesome and immersive.. The pictures and images are ultra sharp and colors are not over saturated.. The bottom bezel is too big.. CAMERA : I like having and using manual mode.. Night pictures are amazing in manual mode and the aperture level is outstanding.. Although it has image stabilization and autofocus, not every picture comes out great.. On Automatic mode, night pictures are not that great either.. Probably my most favorite feature of this phone is LG's UX (User Experience) software.. It's the main (but not only) reason why I buy LG Smartphones.. I'm probably the only one who feels this way about LG's UX but it's true.. I've never seen or read anything positive about it and that's a shame.. The negative comments about LG's UX makes me question all those reviews and the person reviewing LG phones as well.. Because of that, I've practically stopped relying on tech reviews to make my decision on what smartphone to buy.. I'm sticking with LG for as long as I can afford it.. Rated 1 out of. This is a good phone for about 9 months. After that battery issues, then a "boot loop issue" and the phone is dead! I will not buy an LG phone again.. Rated 5 out of. I'm on my LG V10 GSM unlocked from Amazon 2 months ago leaving Samsung behind and I absolutely love this phone. Rated 1 out of. I've had two of these phones in the past 18 months. Both took great pictures, worked well as primary media devices and were drop-proof. And they both suffered the bootloop issue, a catastrophic failure and an inexcusable oversight by LG.. Rated 1 out of. Phone died a year and a half. Boot loop issue caused phone to die within a year and a half. Lost all my photos and contacts.. Rated 1 out of. This phone is extremely inefficient with RAM, and fries its ROM chips to the point of being stuck in bootloops. My previous V10 bricked itself, and the replacement bricked itself in 5 months, and I am not an intense user. All my prior phones have lasted years.. Rated 3 out of. I bought this product a couple of months ago, everything was great except for the battery life, 3000 mAh battery only stands for 12-14 hour without using it, and less when i used it for 1-2 hours. I don´t know if it was the android 6 update. And on september, the phone started to restart until entered an infinite boot-loop and sometimes it doesn´t even turn on Now i have an expensive brick in home. Now i live in Colombia and LG Colombia doesn´t support the device because it´s an AT&T branded phone and i have to send it to USA.. It´s an excellent device, GREAT CAMERA, GREAT PERFORMANCE, THE BEST DEVICE I´VE EVER HAD but please, bring global support for your devices. Next week i am going to send it to LG official technical support because it´s a bit expensive to send it through FEDEX.. LG TONE INFINIM® Premium Bluetooth® Wireless Stereo Headset. LG TONE Studio™ Bluetooth® Wearable Personal Speaker Headset. LG TONE FREE™ Bluetooth® Wireless Earbuds With Charging Neckband. We're here to support you with our product. View H900 Opal Blue Product Support. Get the most out of your ownership. Help yourself to helpful product information. Learn how to install & operate your LG product. More help with your LG product. Contact us for any support inquiries.. Chat with an LG Support Representative. Tweet @LGUSSupport for Support.. No time to chat? Send LG Support your inquiry.. FIND AN AUTHORIZED STORE NEAR YOU. The CES Innovation Awards are based upon descriptive materials submitted to the judges. CEA did not verify the accuracy of any submission or of any claims made and did not test the item to which the award was given. The LG V10 is compliant with a military standards test (MIL-STD-810G Method 516.6, Procedure IV “Transit Drop”). Device may not perform as tested in all conditions. Rugged yet beautiful, simple yet sophisticated, the LG H900 V10 smartphone delivers everything you need in a seamless, stylish package. Featuring a sleek, streamlined design with military-grade components, including stainless steel frame components and silicone bumpers for added protection, the H900 not only fits comfortably in your hand, but is designed to stand up to virtually anything. Adding to the LG V10 experience is a host of innovative features that make capturing life's most important moments simple. With a quad HD display and 4K video, a rear 16MP camera, dual 5MP front cameras, an f/1.8 lens and manual camera mode, the V10 H900 gives you the power to shoot like a pro. Plus, because you can now post your images and video to your favorite social media sites with just the tap of a button, it's easier than ever to share every moment with friends and family. Best of all, with its expandable memory and a removable, 3,000mAh battery, you can capture more images and use your phone even longer. See the newest LG smartphones and mobile accessories – and find new ways to connect.. Design, features and specifications subject to change without notice. Some features in videos may not be available on all models. Please refer to the TECHNICAL SPECIFICATIONS tab for a complete list of features by model. *Prices, promotions and availability may vary by store and online. Prices subject to change without notice. Check with your local retailers for final price and availability.. LG SIGNATURE LG SIGNATURE Brand Story LG SIGNATURE Products Products OLED TVs Refrigerators Washers Dryers Air Purifiers Ranges Dishwashers Cell Phones All Phones AT&T Phones Sprint Phones T-Mobile Phones Verizon Phones US Cellular Phones Unlocked Phones Boost Mobile Phones Cricket Phones Metro PCS Phones TracFone Phones Virgin Mobile Phones Xfinity Phones Smartphones Android Phones 4G LTE Phones Quad-core Phones Budget Phones Basic Phones Prepaid / No Contract Phones G Series Phones K Series Phones Stylo Series Phones V Series Phones X Series Phones Touch Screen Smart Watches Tablets Enterprise Mobile Solutions Bluetooth Headsets & Headphones All Bluetooth Headsets & Headphones Shop LG Bluetooth Headsets & Headphones Discover LG TONE Headsets & Headphones Mobile Accessories All Mobile Accessories LG Wireless Keyboards Shop LG Wireless Keyboards LG Cell Phone Batteries Shop Cell Phone Batteries LG Cell Phone Cradles & Chargers Shop LG Cell Phone Cradles & Chargers LG Cell Phones Covers & Cases TVs All TVs OLED TVs HDR TVs SUPER UHD TVs 4K Ultra HD TVs LED TVs 3D TVs Smart TVs Curved TVs 22 Inch to 29 Inch Class TVs 32 Inch to 39 Inch Class TVs 40 Inch to 43 Inch Class TVs 47 Inch to 49 Inch Class TVs 50 Inch to 55 Inch Class TVs 60 Inch to 65 Inch Class TVs 70 Inch to 79 Inch Class TVs 84 Inch to 105 Inch Class TVs Home Audio All Home Audio Sound Bars Shelf Stereo & Loud Speaker Systems Bluetooth & Wireless Speakers Dolby Atmos Home Theater Smart Speakers Speakers with Meridian Audio Home Video Blu-ray & DVD Players Projectors Home Security TV Audio Video Accessories Remotes TV Wall Mounts 3D Glasses Discover LG Matte Black Refrigerators All Refrigerators Door-in-Door® French Door Side-by-Side Bottom Freezer Top Freezer Counter-Depth Kimchi/Specialty Foods Cooking Appliances All Cooking Appliances Ranges & Ovens Electric Ranges Gas Ranges Wall Ovens Single Wall Ovens Double Wall Ovens Cooktops Gas Cooktops Radiant (Electric) Cooktops Microwave Ovens Countertop Microwave Over The Range Microwave Hoods Dishwashers Top Control Dishwashers Front Control Dishwashers LG Studio Kitchen Accessories Refrigerator Filters All Kitchen Accessories Replacement Oven Knobs Washers All Washers Front Load Washers TWIN Load Washers LG SideKick™ Pedestal Washers Top Load Washers Washer Dryer Combos Dryers Gas Dryers Electric Dryers Steam Clothing Care System LG Styler Laundry Accessories Laundry Pedestals Dryer Racks Laundry Hoses Dryer Lint Filters Washer Dryer Stacking Kits Air Conditioners Portable Air Conditioners Window Air Conditioners Wall Air Conditioners Casement Air Conditioners Air Care Solutions Air Purifiers Dehumidifiers Vacuum Cleaners Robot Vacuum Cleaners Stick Vacuums LED Lights Home Appliance Accessories Air Conditioner Accessories Consumer Monitors All Monitors Gaming Monitors 4K / 5K Monitors 21:9 UltraWide® Monitors UltraFine™ Monitors IPS Monitors LED Monitors Commercial Monitors Desktop Monitors 21:9 UltraWide Monitors Medical Monitors Zero Client 4K UHD UltraFine™ Monitors Laptops Burners & Drives All Burners & Drives Blu-ray Burners and Drives DVD Burners and Drives Computer Accessories Promotions Discover LG Promotions Rebates SUPPORT Register a Product Software & Drivers Manuals & Documents Help Library Video Tutorials Additional Support MyLG Account Parts & Accessories Document Upload Announcements LG Refrigerator Energy Offer LG Recycling Program Works with Voice Assistant Repair Services Request a Repair Track Repair Locate Repair Provider LG Direct Service LG Authorized Service Center Contact Us Chat & Email Telephone Twitter Support Ask the Community Facebook Support Business Support Business Support Home Request RA Request SWAP Track RA or SWAP Status Business Warranty Enhanced Service Plan Five-Star Service Top Searches LG Bridge LG PC Suite Smart Share Mobile Support TV Support ABOUT LG Press Release Media Contacts Career Opportunities Newsletter Signup PUBLIC NOTICES General Mobile TV/Audio/Video Appliances Computer Products Compliance Information. For Business Site Map Privacy Legal Patent Terms & Conditions Accessibility Help. 
Our new search experience requires JavaScript to be enabled. Please enable JavaScript on your browser , then try again .. All Categories Antiques Art Baby Books Business & Industrial Cameras & Photo Cell Phones & Accessories Clothing, Shoes & Accessories Coins & Paper Money Collectibles Computers/Tablets & Networking Consumer Electronics Crafts Dolls & Bears DVDs & Movies eBay Motors Entertainment Memorabilia Gift Cards & Coupons Health & Beauty Home & Garden Jewelry & Watches Music Musical Instruments & Gear Pet Supplies Pottery & Glass Real Estate Specialty Services Sporting Goods Sports Mem, Cards & Fan Shop Stamps Tickets & Experiences Toys & Hobbies Travel Video Games & Consoles Everything Else. Hi ( Sign in to bid or buy) Daily Deals Gift Cards Help & Contact Sell. Summary Recently Viewed Bids/Offers Watch List Purchase History Selling Saved Searches Saved Sellers Messages. Refine your search for lg v10. All Listings - Current page. Quickly compare offers in our new grouped view. Save lg v10 to get e-mail alerts and updates on your eBay Feed.. Unfollow lg v10 to stop getting updates on your eBay Feed.. You'll receive email and Feed alerts when new items arrive. Afghanistan - AFG Albania - ALB Algeria - DZA American Samoa - ASM Andorra - AND Angola - AGO Anguilla - AIA Antigua and Barbuda - ATG Argentina - ARG Armenia - ARM Aruba - ABW Australia - AUS Austria - AUT Azerbaijan Republic - AZE Bahamas - BHS Bahrain - BHR Bangladesh - BGD Barbados - BRB Belarus - BLR Belgium - BEL Belize - BLZ Benin - BEN Bermuda - BMU Bhutan - BTN Bolivia - BOL Bosnia and Herzegovina - BIH Botswana - BWA Brazil - BRA British Virgin Islands - VGB Brunei Darussalam - BRN Bulgaria - BGR Burkina Faso - BFA Burma - MMR Burundi - BDI Cambodia - KHM Cameroon - CMR Canada - CAN Cape Verde Islands - CPV Cayman Islands - CYM Central African Republic - CAF Chad - TCD Chile - CHL China - CHN Colombia - COL Comoros - COM Congo, Democratic Republic of the - COD Congo, Republic of the - COG Cook Islands - COK Costa Rica - CRI Cote d Ivoire (Ivory Coast) - CIV Croatia, Republic of - HRV Cyprus - CYP Czech Republic - CZE Denmark - DNK Djibouti - DJI Dominica - DMA Dominican Republic - DOM Ecuador - ECU Egypt - EGY El Salvador - SLV Equatorial Guinea - GNQ Eritrea - ERI Estonia - EST Ethiopia - ETH Falkland Islands (Islas Malvinas) - FLK Fiji - FJI Finland - FIN France - FRA French Guiana - GUF French Polynesia - PYF Gabon Republic - GAB Gambia - GMB Georgia - GEO Germany - DEU Ghana - GHA Gibraltar - GIB Greece - GRC Greenland - GRL Grenada - GRD Guadeloupe - GLP Guam - GUM Guatemala - GTM Guernsey - GGY Guinea - GIN Guinea-Bissau - GNB Guyana - GUY Haiti - HTI Honduras - HND Hong Kong - HKG Hungary - HUN Iceland - ISL India - IND Indonesia - IDN Ireland - IRL Israel - ISR Italy - ITA Jamaica - JAM Japan - JPN Jersey - JEY Jordan - JOR Kazakhstan - KAZ Kenya - KEN Kiribati - KIR Korea, South - KOR Kuwait - KWT Kyrgyzstan - KGZ Laos - LAO Latvia - LVA Lebanon - LBN Liechtenstein - LIE Lithuania - LTU Luxembourg - LUX Macau - MAC Macedonia - MKD Madagascar - MDG Malawi - MWI Malaysia - MYS Maldives - MDV Mali - MLI Malta - MLT Marshall Islands - MHL Martinique - MTQ Mauritania - MRT Mauritius - MUS Mayotte - MYT Mexico - MEX Micronesia - FSM Moldova - MDA Monaco - MCO Mongolia - MNG Montenegro - MNE Montserrat - MSR Morocco - MAR Mozambique - MOZ Namibia - NAM Nauru - NRU Nepal - NPL Netherlands - NLD Netherlands Antilles - ANT New Caledonia - NCL New Zealand - NZL Nicaragua - NIC Niger - NER Nigeria - NGA Niue - NIU Norway - NOR Oman - OMN Pakistan - PAK Palau - PLW Panama - PAN Papua New Guinea - PNG Paraguay - PRY Peru - PER Philippines - PHL Poland - POL Portugal - PRT Puerto Rico - PRI Qatar - QAT Reunion - REU Romania - ROU Russian Federation - RUS Rwanda - RWA Saint Helena - SHN Saint Kitts-Nevis - KNA Saint Lucia - LCA Saint Pierre and Miquelon - SPM Saint Vincent and the Grenadines - VCT San Marino - SMR Saudi Arabia - SAU Senegal - SEN Serbia - SRB Seychelles - SYC Sierra Leone - SLE Singapore - SGP Slovakia - SVK Slovenia - SVN Solomon Islands - SLB Somalia - SOM South Africa - ZAF Spain - ESP Sri Lanka - LKA Suriname - SUR Swaziland - SWZ Sweden - SWE Switzerland - CHE Taiwan - TWN Tajikistan - TJK Tanzania - TZA Thailand - THA Togo - TGO Tonga - TON Trinidad and Tobago - TTO Tunisia - TUN Turkey - TUR Turkmenistan - TKM Turks and Caicos Islands - TCA Tuvalu - TUV Uganda - UGA Ukraine - UKR United Arab Emirates - ARE United Kingdom - UK United States - USA Uruguay - URU Uzbekistan - UZB Vanuatu - VUT Vatican City State - VAT Venezuela - VEN Vietnam - VNM Virgin Islands (U.S) - VIR Wallis and Futuna - WLF Western Sahara - ESH Western Samoa - WSM Yemen - YEM Zambia - ZMB Zimbabwe - ZWE. LG V10 - New in a Box! Worldwide Unlock Smartphone H900 64G (4 Colors available). LG V10 H900 64GB 5.7" GSM Unlocked AT&T T-Mobile 4G LTE Smartphone. Lg v10 Tmobile 64 GB Android 6.0. LG V10 H900 64GB 5.7" GSM Unlocked AT&T T-Mobile 4G LTE Smartphone. LG V10 64GB H901 T-Mobile 4G LTE Android Smartphone Space Black. LG V10 H900 - 64GB 4G LTE (AT&T, T-Mobile) Space Black Phone - UNLOCKED. T-MOBILE BRANDED + GSM UNLOCKED LG V10 H901 64GB 16MP 5.7" 4G LTE SMARTPHONE. LG V10 H901 (T-MOBILE + GSM UNLOCKED) 64GB 16MP 5.7" 4G LTE ANDROID SMARTPHONE. 8 new & refurbished from $107.53. LG V10 H900 - 64GB - Space Black (AT&T) GSM Unlocked Smartphone. LG V10 VS990 - 64GB - Space Black (Verizon) Smartphone(785 ). 8 new & refurbished from $128.99. LG V10 H900 AT&T Check IMEI C. LG V10 H901 5.7" Unlocked 64GB 16MP Hexa-core 4G LTE Android Smartphone -5 Color. LG V10 64GB VS990 Black (Verizon). 8 new & refurbished from $128.99. LG V10 H901 - 64GB - Space Black (T-Mobile) Smartphone. LG V10 H900 - 64GB - Space Black (AT&T) Smartphone. LG V10 H900 - 64GB - Space Black (AT&T) Smartphone. 8 new & refurbished from $107.53. LG T-Mobile Unlocked 5.7'' V10 H901 64GB 16MP 4G LTE Dual-Front-Cam era Cellphone. LG V10 H900 - 64GB - Opal Blue (AT&T) ANY GSM Unlocked Smartphone. 2 new & refurbished from $109.99. LG V10 VS990 64GB Verizon Unlocked 4G LTE Android 16MP 5.7" Smartphone Colors. NEW LG V10 H900 AT&T Unlocked 64GB 16MP 5.7" 4GB Ram Smartphone Black/Blue/Whi te. LG V10 VS990 - 64GB - Space Black - Verizon - GSM Unlocked. USED T-MOBILE BRANDED + GSM UNLOCKED LG V10 H901 64GB 16MP 5.7" 4G SMARTPHONE. LG V10 H900 64GB AT&T Android Smartphone 4G LTE GSM Factory Unlocked. LG V10 Opal Blue Smartphone- Choose AT&T T-Mobile Verizon GSM Unlocked or Sprint. LG V10 H900 AT&T Unlocked 64GB 16MP 5.7" 4GB Ram Smartphone Black/Blue/Whi te. LG V10 VS990 64GB Black *Android* Cell Phone Verizon GOOD TO GREAT 191329. (T-Mobile) 5.7" LG V10 H901 Unlocked 64GB 16MP 4GB RAM 4G LTE Android Smartphone. LG V10 - 64GB - Black T-mobile/metro Pcs. Unlocked 5.7" LG V10 H901 64GB T-Mobile RAM 4GB 16MP 4G LTE Android Smartphone. LG V10 64GB White (Unlocked Dual Sim) Smartphone-Fai r Condition-FR98 07. LG V10 VS990 64GB Black *Android* Cell Phone Verizon GOOD TO GREAT 553221. LG V10 H900 - 64GB - Space Black (AT&T) Smartphone. 8 new & refurbished from $107.53. LG V10 VS990 - 64GB - Space Black (Verizon) Unlocked Smartphone. Original LG V10 H900 H901 5.7" Hexa Core 4GB 64GB 16.0MP Unlocked Smartphone. LG V10 H901 - 64GB - Space Black (T-Mobile) Smartphone Grade C. LG V10 H900 64GB AT&T Unlocked 4G LTE Hexa-Core Android 16MP Phone - Black. 2 new & refurbished from $109.99. LG V10 H900 - 64GB - Space Black (AT&T) Smartphone Good condition. 8 new & refurbished from $107.53. LG V10 H900 64GB BLACK UNLOCKED GSM AT&T T-MOBILE METRO PCS CRICKET ULTRA. LG V10 H900 64GB Unlocked GSM 4G LTE Hexa-Core Smartphone w/ 16MP Camera - Blue. LG V10 H961 64GB (FACTORY UNLOCKED) 5.7" IPS , 16MP - Black / White / Beige. LG V10 F600 Used A-Grade Smart Mobile Phone Unlocked 4G Android Phone 5.7 Blue. LG V10 GSM 4G LTE H900 H901 Hexa Core RAM 4GB ROM 64GB 5.7"Original Phone. LG V10 ‑ 64 GB ‑ Space Black ‑ AT&T ‑ GSM Cell Phone. LG V10 64GB Black T-Mobile-Good Condition-GD21 19. LG V10 64GB - white (VERIZON) Smartphone. 8 new & refurbished from $107.53. LG V10 Smartphone (Choose: AT&T T-Mobile Verizon GSM Unlocked or Sprint) 4G LTE. LG V10 H962 4G 64GB (Oversea stock). Unlocked - LG V10 H990 - 64GB - Black (Verizon) Smartphone Great Condition!. LG V10 Opal Blue Smartphone- Choose AT&T T-Mobile Verizon GSM Unlocked or Sprint. LG V10 H962 Blue 64GB DUAL SIM 16MP 5.7' 4GB RAM 4G (FACTORY UNLOCKED) NEW. LG V10 64GB Black AT&T-Good Condition-GD21 18. 8 new & refurbished from $107.53. LG V10 H990 - 64GB - Space Black (Verizon) Clean IMEI - Excellent Condition!. LG V10 - New in a Box! Dual Sim Worldwide Unlock Smartphone H961N Dual Sim!. LG V10 LG-H960A 32GB 4G White Single SIM Smart Phone. LG V10 H900 64GB Unlocked GSM 4G LTE Hexa-Core Smartphone w/ 16MP Camera - Blue. 64GB LG V10 H900 GSM Android (AT&T Unlocked) 4G RAM Smartphone 5.7" USA. "NEW" LG V10 H900A 64GB 5.7" IPS LCD GSM Unlocked LTE 4G AT&T Tmobile Metro Pcs. LG Be You V10 H961N 5.7'' Dual SIM 4G 64 GB Android Smartphone Leather Black New. LG V10 H900 64GB - 4G LTE AT&T, T-Mobile MetroPCS Phone - Space Black (Unlocked). LG V10 VS990 (64GB+64GB SD) Verizon Net10 Page Plus StraightTalk Total Tracfone. New in a sealed box with all original accessories!. 24 Hour Sale Blowout, Free Shipping, Limited Quantity. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. 24 Hour Sale Blowout, Free Shipping, Limited Quantity. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. FAST SHIPPING, 30 DAY HASSLE FREE RETURN. 30 Day Warranty- US Seller- Free Shipping!. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. 30-Day Warranty - Free Charger & Cable - Easy Returns!. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. (Black, White, Beige, Dark Blue, Light Blue). Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. in Stock - Ship Worldwide - USA Seller !. 5.7 IPS display Korea Version/ Only Device. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. 30-Day Warranty - Free Charger & Cable - Easy Returns!. Customs services and international tracking provided. 30-Day Warranty - Free Charger & Cable - Easy Returns!. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Fast Shipping / Gsm unlocked / USA Seller!. Customs services and international tracking provided. Same-Day Shipping! #1 Customer Service 60 Day Warranty!. eBay determines this price through a machine learned model of the product's sale prices within the last 90 days.. eBay determines trending price through a machine learned model of the product’s sale prices within the last 90 days. "New" refers to a brand-new, unused, unopened, undamaged item, and "Used" refers to an item that has been used previously.. Top Rated Plus Sellers with highest buyer ratings Returns, money back Ships in a business day with tracking Learn More. Top Rated Plus Sellers with highest buyer ratings Returns, money back Ships in a business day with tracking Learn More. $ Enter minimum price to $ Enter maximum price. Please enter a minimum and/or maximum price before continuing.. Site Map Copyright © 1995-2018 eBay Inc. Accessibility , User Agreement , Privacy , Cookies and AdChoice Norton Secured - powered by Verisign. Amounts shown in italicized text are for items listed in currency other than U.S. dollars and are approximate conversions to U.S. dollars based upon Bloomberg's conversion rates. For more recent exchange rates, please use the Universal Currency Converter. Number of bids and bid amounts may be slightly out of date. See each listing for international shipping options and costs.. 
Be You (International) – Capture the In-Between Moments (USA). H900( AT&T ), H901( T-Mobile USA ), H960, F600S/K/L( SK Telecom / kt / LG U+ ) VS990( Verizon ). LG Vu 3 , LG G Pro 2. Current: Android 7.0 "Nougat". Qualcomm Snapdragon 808. Hexa-core 64-bit 20. GB LPDDR3 RAM. MP OIS 2.0 , f/1.8 aperture , LED flash , hybrid infrared autofocus. MP , f/2.0 aperture 80°, or f/2.2 120° wide-angle. Original: Android 5.1.1 "Lollipop". 3-axis accelerometer proximity sensor. Multi-touch touchscreen display. mm) 2560×1440 1440p (515. GSM / HSPA / LTE / 4G. Bluetooth 4.1 LE ( aptX ) [3]. GPS ( GPS-A , Glonass ). Europe, Middle East, Africa, Asia & Oceania (10. The LG V10 is an Android smartphone manufactured by LG Electronics. Announced in September 2015 [5] and released in October 2015, the device shares many similarities with the earlier LG G4. [6] Its main feature is a customizable second display above the primary display, which, among other uses, shows notifications and music controls without waking up the primary display. In 2016, its successor, the LG V20 was released. The V10 uses the same camera and many of the same specs as the LG G4. [8] The phone has a 2560x1440 Quantum IPS display, a silicone back with a removable battery and MicroSD Card expansion, a six core Qualcomm Snapdragon 808 processor which sports a big.LITTLE architecture similar to the 810 , and 4GB of LPDDR3 933. [8] The camera is 16 megapixels and includes optical image stabilization with manual DSLR -like modes for video and still shots. There are two front 5 megapixel cameras for widescreen "groupies". The phone supports Qualcomm's Quick Charge 2.0 technology via USB and Qi wireless charging via the optional CPR-120 wireless charging cover.. CNET gave the LG V10 a 4 out of 5, praising its incorporation of premium features such as a fingerprint reader and wide-angle front-facing camera options, as well as LG's continued inclusion of a removable battery and expandable storage. It was noted that many of its premium features (such as the dual-front cameras and extra message display) felt more like they were "nice to have" rather than must-have features, concluding that "If the V10's goodies aren't essential for you — meaning you don't need a wider view for your selfies or another screen to access your favorite apps and contacts -- it's best to go with something cheaper." [7] Android Authority concluded that the V10 was a more powerful device than the LG G4 due to its additional features and upgrades, stating that "if the G4 fell short of your expectations and you were looking for more, a lot more is what you are getting with the LG V10." [9]. The V10 was found to be susceptible to hardware failure nearly identical to that of the G4, as both devices suffered from a manufacturing defect that eventually caused instability, and the devices to enter an unrecoverable reboot loop and thus, inoperable. A class-action lawsuit was filed in March 2017, alleging that LG continued to market and distribute phones with the defect even after LG publicized it. LG V10 Smartphone that was manufactured by LG.. Retrieved July 30, 2015. ^ "LG V10 Smart Phone with New Premium Look and Durable Build - LG UAE". ^ "LG G4 Specs". Retrieved 12 September 2015. ^ "Official LG SAR Information". ^ "LG V10 specs, availability, features and everything else you should know". "Hands-on: The LG V10 is a dual-screen, video-filming beast". ^ a b Lynn La (28 October 2015). ^ a b "LG V10 Review: LG Got Me Falling In Love". ^ Lanh Nguyen (9 November 2015). ^ "Class-action lawsuit targets LG over legendary G4, V10 bootloop issues". Retrieved 17 March 2017 .. LG phones by series. Android phablets and tablet computers. Categories : Android (operating system) devices LG Electronics mobile phones Touchscreen mobile phones Smartphones Mobile phones introduced in 2015. Not logged in Talk Contributions Create account Log in. Main page Contents Featured content Current events Random article Donate to Wikipedia Wikipedia store. Help About Wikipedia Community portal Recent changes Contact page. What links here Related changes Upload file Special pages Permanent link Page information Wikidata item Cite this page. Create a book Download as PDF Printable version. 한국어 Кыргызча Slovenčina Türkçe Tiếng Việt. This page was last edited on 15 February 2018, at 06:04. Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License ;. By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc. 
more ... more .... more ... more .... MEMORY: 64 GB + MicroSD. Release date: Oct 8, 2015. View all photos (100). Discontinued: Verizon , AT&T , T-Mobile. Click to read the full review. Based on 36 User reviews. Extremely high pixel density screen (515 ppi). Lots of RAM (4 GB RAM). The LG V10 includes a manual mode for video, making it the first smartphone to do so. Now, you will be able to control the frame rate, shutter speed, white balance, ISO and focus. The LG V10 also features a 5.7-inch screen with a 1440 x 2560 resolution. That works out to a 513ppi pixel density. The secondary screen measures 2.1-inches and has a 160 x 1040 resolution, also resulting in a 513ppi pixel density. The Snapdragon 808 chipset is under the hood, carrying a hexa-core CPU and the Adreno 418 GPU. 4GB of LPDDR3 RAM is inside, along with 64GB of internal memory. Those needing additional storage can turn to the 2TB capacity microSD slot that is on board. With an aperture of f/1.8, the 16MP rear-facing camera allows users to take great shots in low-light conditions. A 3000mAh removable battery keeps the generator humming, and Android 5.1.1 is pre-installed.. Samsung Galaxy S7 Edge vs LG V10 LG V10 Review LG V10 manual LG V10 benchmarks. OS: Android (7.0, 6.0, 5.1), LG UX UI. Dimensions: 6.28 x 3.12 x 0.34 inches (159.6 x 79.3 x 8.6 mm). Weight: 6.77 oz (192 g) the average is 5.6 oz (159 g). Display Physical size: 5.7 inches. Resolution: 1440 x 2560 pixels. Features: Scratch-resistant glass (Corning Gorilla Glass 4), Ambient light sensor, Proximity sensor. Pixel density - The pixel density of a display represents the number of pixels over an area of one inch. It’s measured in “pixels per inch”, or ppi. The higher the number, the more detailed and good-looking the display is.. Technology - There are two main screen technologies currently used in phones and tablets: LCD and AMOLED. The former usually features a light source and liquid crystals, while the latter is based on organic light-emitting diodes. Newer LCD variations like IPS-LCD and Super-LCD allow for very accurate color reproduction and very wide viewing angles, where no significant image quality loss is observed. Current AMOLED screens differ in such a way that they can exhibit much more saturated colors (sometimes too much) and incredibly high contrast levels, which is due to black color being completely black in AMOLED displays.. Screen-to-body ratio - Shows what part of the frontal area of a phone its screen occupies.. Additional display - Shows specs of the phone's additional display. Resolution - Refers to the width and the length od the additional display. Hardware Features: Optical image stabilization, Autofocus (Laser). Software Features: Manual focus, RAW image capture, Touch to focus, Smile detection, Face detection, Self-timer, Digital zoom, Geo tagging. Settings: Exposure compensation, ISO control, White balance presets, Shutter speed control. Shooting Modes: Burst mode, High Dynamic Range mode (HDR), Panorama. 3840x2160 (4K) (30 fps), 1920x1080 (1080p HD) (30 fps), 1280x720 (720p HD) (120 fps). Features: Time-lapse video, Picture-taking during video recording, Digital image stabilization, Video calling, Video sharing. Aperture size - The aperture of a camera is the opening through which light travels before it reaches the camera sensor. The smaller the number is, the bigger this opening is, allowing for more light to pass.. Focal length (35mm equivalent) - The lower (shorter) the focal length number, the wider the shot will be. Conversely, longer focal length cameras produce narrower frames, which can be used for telephoto (zoomed-in) purposes.. Camera sensor size - A bigger camera sensor is able to capture more light, and thus produce better photos.. Hexa-core, 1800 MHz, ARM Cortex-A57 and ARM Cortex-A53, 64-bit. System chip - Most modern handsets use an advanced chip that includes many of the device’s hardware modules like the processor, Wi-Fi, Bluetooth and sometimes even the wireless radio. This field shows what particular system chip (or System-on-a-Chip) is used in the phone.. Processor - The processor is the main computing component of a phone and is a major factor when it comes to the overall speed of the device. Some more powerful smartphones use dual-core and quad-core processors designed to deliver greater performance.. Graphics processor - The graphics processor is important for the smooth operation of the system and especially in games and other applications that may involve complex graphics and animations.. System memory - System memory, or RAM memory is the type of memory that the device uses to temporarily store data from the OS or currently-running apps. The more RAM available to the device, the better the performance will be when multiple or heavier programs are running.. Built-in storage - Bigger storage capacity allows you to keep more content saved onto your device, such as more applications, photos or video. Games and video content typically take up the biggest amount of storage space.. Storage expansion - Some handsets allow you to expand their storage capacity by using a memory expansion card – most often microSD. Expansion memory is mostly suitable for media storage, such as photo, video or music content.. Talk time: 10.00 hours the average is 20 h (1229 min). Stand-by time: 5.0 days (120 hours) the average is 21 days (502 h). Talk time (3G): 12.00 hours the average is 19 h (1147 min). Stand-by time (3G): 5.0 days (120 hours) the average is 25 days (590 h). Capacity - The bigger, the better! However, battery capacity is not the only factor that has an effect on battery life. Those include the chipset in use, the software running on the device, as well as the consumer's unique usage pattern.. Multimedia Screen mirroring: Wireless screen share, SlimPort. Filter by: Album, Artist, Genre, Playlists. Features: Album art cover, Background playback. Cellular GSM: 850, 900, 1800, 1900 MHz. UMTS: 850, 900, 1900, 2100 MHz. LTE (FDD): Bands 1, 3, 7, 8. LTE (TDD): Bands 38, 39, 40, 41. Data: LTE-A Cat 6 (300/50 Mbit/s), HSDPA+ (4G) 42.2 Mbit/s, HSUPA 5.76 Mbit/s. Accelerometer, Gyroscope, Compass, Hall (for flip covers), Gesture, Barometer. Notifications: Haptic feedback, Music ringtones (MP3), Polyphonic ringtones, Vibration, Flight mode, Silent mode, Speakerphone. Other features: Voice dialing, Voice commands, Voice recording. 802.11 a, b, g, n, ac, dual-band. Features: Mass storage device, USB charging. Other: NFC, Tethering, Computer sync, OTA sync. Positioning - This field shows the positioning systems supported by the device. The most common types are GPS and A-GPS.. GPS - This is one of the most widespread global positioning technologies, developed and maintained by the U.S. It uses satellites in order to detect your location. A-GPS - A-GPS stands for Assisted GPS and is the industry standard for positioning and navigation. “Assisted” means that it can use local wireless networks, in addition to satellites, for quicker and more precise localization.. Availability Officially announced: 01 Oct 2015. To see the full specifications with in-depth details click here.. This device is also known as. LG H961N , LG H900 , LG VS990 , LG H901. We list only the specs that are different than the main variant. LG V10 H900 (for AT&T). LTE (FDD): Bands 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 7, 12, 29, 30. FCC approval - The Federal Communications Commission (FCC) is an independent United States government agency, directly responsible to Congress. The FCC was established by the Communications Act of 1934 and is charged with regulating interstate and international communications by radio, television, wire, satellite and cable. The FCC's jurisdiction covers the 50 states, the District of Columbia, and U.S. Every wireless phone device that is sold in the U.S. has to be tested and approved for sale by the FCC.. Date approved - Shows the date when the particular phone is approved by the Federal Communications Commission. FCC ID value - Shows the FCC Identifying value of the particular phone. FCC measured SAR - Working closely with federal health and safety agencies, such as the Food and Drug Administration (FDA), the FCC has adopted limits for safe exposure to radiofrequency (RF) energy. These limits are given in terms of a unit referred to as the Specific Absorption Rate (SAR), which is a measure of the amount of radio frequency energy absorbed by the body when using a mobile phone. The FCC requires cell phone manufacturers to ensure that their phones comply with these objective limits for safe exposure. Any cell phone at or below these SAR levels (that is, any phone legally sold in the U.S.) is a "safe" phone, as measured by these standards. The FCC limit for public exposure from cellular telephones is an SAR level of 1.6 watts per kilogram (1.6 W/kg).. LG V10 VS990 (for Verizon). LTE (FDD): Bands 2, 3, 4, 5, 7, 13. CDMA - Code Division Multiple Access. A technique of multiplexing, also called spread spectrum, in which analog signals are converted into digital form for transmission. For each communication channel, the signals are encoded in a sequence known to the transmitter and the receiver for that channel. The foremost application is digital cellular phone technology from QUALCOMM that operates in the 800MHz band and 1.9GHz PCS band. CDMA phones are noted for their excellent call quality and long battery life.. FCC approval - The Federal Communications Commission (FCC) is an independent United States government agency, directly responsible to Congress. The FCC was established by the Communications Act of 1934 and is charged with regulating interstate and international communications by radio, television, wire, satellite and cable. The FCC's jurisdiction covers the 50 states, the District of Columbia, and U.S. Every wireless phone device that is sold in the U.S. has to be tested and approved for sale by the FCC.. Date approved - Shows the date when the particular phone is approved by the Federal Communications Commission. FCC ID value - Shows the FCC Identifying value of the particular phone. FCC measured SAR - Working closely with federal health and safety agencies, such as the Food and Drug Administration (FDA), the FCC has adopted limits for safe exposure to radiofrequency (RF) energy. These limits are given in terms of a unit referred to as the Specific Absorption Rate (SAR), which is a measure of the amount of radio frequency energy absorbed by the body when using a mobile phone. The FCC requires cell phone manufacturers to ensure that their phones comply with these objective limits for safe exposure. Any cell phone at or below these SAR levels (that is, any phone legally sold in the U.S.) is a "safe" phone, as measured by these standards. The FCC limit for public exposure from cellular telephones is an SAR level of 1.6 watts per kilogram (1.6 W/kg).. LG V10 H901 (for T-Mobile). UMTS: 850, 1700/2100, 1900, 2100 MHz. LTE (FDD): Bands 2, 3, 4, 5, 7, 12, 20. FCC approval - The Federal Communications Commission (FCC) is an independent United States government agency, directly responsible to Congress. The FCC was established by the Communications Act of 1934 and is charged with regulating interstate and international communications by radio, television, wire, satellite and cable. The FCC's jurisdiction covers the 50 states, the District of Columbia, and U.S. Every wireless phone device that is sold in the U.S. has to be tested and approved for sale by the FCC.. Date approved - Shows the date when the particular phone is approved by the Federal Communications Commission. FCC ID value - Shows the FCC Identifying value of the particular phone. FCC measured SAR - Working closely with federal health and safety agencies, such as the Food and Drug Administration (FDA), the FCC has adopted limits for safe exposure to radiofrequency (RF) energy. These limits are given in terms of a unit referred to as the Specific Absorption Rate (SAR), which is a measure of the amount of radio frequency energy absorbed by the body when using a mobile phone. The FCC requires cell phone manufacturers to ensure that their phones comply with these objective limits for safe exposure. Any cell phone at or below these SAR levels (that is, any phone legally sold in the U.S.) is a "safe" phone, as measured by these standards. The FCC limit for public exposure from cellular telephones is an SAR level of 1.6 watts per kilogram (1.6 W/kg).. Despite our efforts to provide full and correct LG V10 specifications, there is always a possibility of making a mistake. If you see any wrong or incomplete data, please LET US KNOW .. If you are interested in using our specs commercially, check out our Phone specs database licensing page.. $290 Buy. LG settles suit over bootlooping; class action members get $425 cash or $700 rebate. T-Mobile starts rolling out Android 7.0 Nougat for LG V10. LG V10 starts receiving the Android 7.0 Nougat update. LG software updates schedule: When will my LG phone get a new Android version?. LG G5, V20 and Nexus 5X added to LG bootloop class action. LG hit with a class-action lawsuit over G4 and V10 bootloop problem. The Samsung Galaxy S9 and S9+ have game-changing cameras with variable aperture and 960fps slow-mo video recording. The Big Barcelona Camera Comparison: iPhone X vs Pixel 2 XL vs Note 8. Samsung Galaxy S9 and S9+ rumor review: Specs, design, features, price and release date. Sony presents Xperia XZ2 and XZ2 Compact: new design and Snapdragon 845. Galaxy S9 Exynos edition gets benchmarked against rivals!. Galaxy S9 first camera comparison vs iPhone X, V30, S8. Samsung Galaxy S9 & S9+ hands-on. MWC 2018: top smartphones to expect. Best smartphone you can buy in 2018. Allo is a quality app, but Google isn't giving it a real chance. All content (phone reviews, news, specs, info), design and layouts are Copyright 2001-2018 phoneArena.com. Reproduction in whole or in part or in any form or medium without written permission is prohibited! Privacy. 
The source for Tech Buying Advice. More Car Tech. Tech deals, prizes and latest news. A big Android phone with twice as many screens and front cameras. The LG V10 is an intriguing phone, thanks to its sliver of a second screen at the top and dual front cameras for extra-wide selfies. It also has a removable battery, microSD slot and 4GB of RAM, but the software isn't refined and it's pricey.. More expensive than it should be. The LG V10 has me convinced that Dr. Ram-chan Woo and his design team really are a bunch of mad scientists determined to bend and shape unique smartphones. This is their latest and, by far, most Frankensteinian creation yet.. It's a bold mutation of the standard Android phone that I think looks like a three-eyed, two-headed monster thanks to its three cameras and second screen. My review handset is opal blue, but actually looks closer to pale green, which just further solidifies its ogre-like origins in my mind.. It's come to life in an effort to radically disrupt traditional features, and, good news, it's more than another, silly LG experiment. I found its two front-facing cameras, one with a wide selfie angle, to be exceptional for taking group shots and capturing the quintessential backgrounds, with everyone and everything in the photo.. Get everyone in the photo with the wide selfie camera, this phone's big highlight. The seemingly stunted, but handy 2.1-inch display at the top is a small notifications and shortcuts hub that keeps the main display clear of texts when you're watching a movie or browsing the web. This always-on panel can also dimly show the time or allow you to quickly adjust settings, even when the phone's main screen is off.. This feature, in part, makes it a misunderstood monster of a phone. While the LG V10 takes several cues from the flagship LG G4 , the look and feel of this device is completely different. It's bigger, more rugged and has a little bit of extra power to it.. Just as freakishly large as its grip-expanding dimensions is the LG V10 price. In the US, it costs $700 without a contract through AT&T, or $250 with a two-year contract with Verizon. You won't find the LG V10 in the UK or Australia, but it'd likely cost as much as a top-priced phablet, like the Samsung Galaxy S6 Edge+ at £600.. This automatically makes Google's Nexus 6P and Moto X Style Pure Edition a safer choice for cheap phone buyers, and it puts the LG V10 in the same price league as the Samsung Galaxy Note 5 and iPhone 6S Plus .. But none of these best phone rivals have a wide selfie camera and second display, or and few have extras LG is quickly becoming known for, like a swappable battery and microSD card slot.. My time with this Android Lollipop 5.1.1 phone was further proof that, while LG isn't bending its latest phone, like it did with the LG G Flex 2 , it's still determined to try bold, new ideas, while Samsung and Apple play it safe.. LG V10 is durable, with an interesting mix of stainless steel sides and a silicone skin back. Its bumpy texture and rubbery feel really contrast with the LG G4, which has smooth leather and metallic-painted plastic style choices.. The benefit to this new concoction, dubbed Dura Guard and Dura Skin, is that it can survive drop tests like only a few other phones can. It's built to military-grade standards, which in my hands feels like there's a bulky, built-in case that I was going to (or really should, but never) buy.. Added to that already-tough formula is a much appreciated double-paned Gorilla Glass 4 for extra protection around front. That means it doesn't need to sport the same slight curve as LG's flagship device, and the LG V10 dimensions come out to a cumbersome 159.6 x 79.3 x 8.6mm and hefty weight of 192g.. The size and mix of metal, silicone and glass make it feel like a big phone, but it could be worse since there's lighter plastic here not. Its mainly limited top the top to expose the micro USB port, headphone jack and speaker. LG's rear-facing volume rocker flanks the fingerprint sensor power button in plastic, too, and while you can't see it at first, the underside of the silicone cover is really plastic if you peel it back to expose the removeable battery and microSD card slot.. A big challenger to the big iPhone 6S Plus. Though the LG G4 is actually a bit thicker at its curved apex, everything else about this new phone is bigger, with the clear intention to challenge the iPhone 6S Plus, Samsung Galaxy Note 5 and other phones threatening to rip your pockets.. In fact, the LG V10 is larger than every other Android 5.7-inch phablet I've tested. It looks and feels big even months later. I never got to a point where I said, "Okay, now this seems like a normal-sized phone." But I also never felt like it would slip out out of my hands like the old Nexus 6 .. Its Dura Guard stainless steel side always makes it feel like I was holding onto two roll cage bars meant for a racecar. On the other hand, its soft, yet textured silicone Dura Skin gives the right grip to easily slide my fingers around to change photo orientation, while feeling completely secure in my one-handed clasp.. While Apple and Samsung are trending toward aluminum and glass designs, LG stuck with a more practical finish, emphasizing durability, a microSD card slot and a swappable battery. These are features that Samsung phased out of the Galaxy S6 and Note 5, and Apple has never bothered to include either in the history of the iPhone.. LG V10 comes in Space Black, Luxe White and that Opal Blue color in the US, with the addition of Modern Beige and Ocean Blue internationally, meaning places like China and Europe. The US colors are limited to specific carriers: AT&T, Verizon, and T-Mobile all have black, while Luxe White is only available through Verizon and that Frankenstein-flesh-looking Opal Blue is an AT&T exclusive.. I got more compliments from the Opal Blue than any recent phone simply because it's so different. It stands out today more than a rose gold-colored phone does, for example. I got to test the Space Black with silver highlights and scope out the Luxe White with a gold finish, but neither were as eye-catching.. Next Page Two displays and fingerprint sensor. You can unsubscribe at any time and we'll never share your details without your permission.. Get the best tech deals, reviews, product advice, competitions, unmissable tech news and more!. 1 Samsung Galaxy S9 release date, price, news and features. 2 Samsung Galaxy S9 launch: as it happened. 3 Samsung Galaxy S9 live stream: how to watch today's big launch event. 4 MWC 2018: All the latest news from the show. 5 How to watch Arsenal v Man City live stream online for the Carabao Cup final NOW. 2 Samsung Galaxy S9 Plus review. 3 Samsung Galaxy S9 release date, price, news and features. 4 Samsung Galaxy S9 launch: as it happened. 5 BlackBerry: 'we understand we are not for everyone' but 'we're here to stay'. TechRadar is part of Future plc, an international media group and leading digital publisher. England and Wales company registration number 2008885.. 
National Accessibility Customer Service Skip to Main Content. Use arrow keys to access sub-menus and sub-menu links, this may require a mode change. In the meantime, explore some of our products and services:. Browse a selection of Phones, Devices & Plans. Note: Not all devices and plans are available for purchase at this alternate site. 
The Xperia XZ2 is Sony's fastest, strangest flagship phone yet. OnePlus 5T will only play HD Netflix if you send it in for service. Galaxy S9 US pre-orders focus on trade-in deals. Lenovo's Yoga 730 is a cheaper 2-in-1 with Alexa support. The Xperia XZ2 is Sony's fastest, strangest flagship phone yet. Sony will sell its wireless 'open-ear' buds in the US. Tesla's electric trucks may be more cost-effective than expected. Life with the LG V10 and its oddball second screen. The V10 is much better than a gimmick, but think carefully before you get one.. I was initially skeptical of LG's V10. Both the second screen and dual selfie cameras struck me as classic phone gimmicks in the vein of the Samsung Continuum or Kyocera Echo : They seem like good ideas when you're in the store, but you'll forget that they exist in a matter of weeks. But are they really that frivolous? And could the fingerprint reader, tougher body and better video recording controls come in handy, too? There's only one way to find out. I've spent several weeks living with the V10, and I was pleasantly surprised: It's clear that LG's extras can be genuinely useful. This isn't a flawless phone, though, and you'll still want to think carefully before picking one up for yourself.. Gallery: LG V10 | 20 Photos. I'll say this up front: The V10 has the best second-screen implementation I've seen to date. That's partly because earlier approaches tended to be utterly impractical (who actually wrote dual-screen apps for the Echo?), but I was still happier to use LG's 1,040 x 160 mini display than I had anticipated. At a basic level, it was handy for notifications. I could glimpse at a download progress meter or email subject line without having to pull down the notification bar and distract myself. The always-on passive mode was useful, too, since I could see if there was a new message without waking the screen.. As for the second-screen features that require your active attention? They're a mixed bag. I got the most use out of the audio controls, which made it easy to check track titles or start playing with just a tap. The app shortcuts helped make the most of my screen real estate, too, even if it took ages to train myself to launch apps from there instead of the main display. However, I struggled to get much mileage out of the other features. No, LG, I don't need to have my favorite contacts and upcoming appointments in constant view. The V10's extra LCD is ultimately worthwhile, don't get me wrong; it's just short on consistently useful features that would make it a must-have.. The rest of the selling points left me similarly conflicted. The two front-side camera lenses struck me as overkill, for one thing. I'm not a habitual selfie shooter, but I still struggled to justify flipping between close-cropped and wide-angle photo modes in my tests. I'd rather just leave it on one mode the entire time, and I suspect most people will do the same thing. The manual video controls are smartly rendered, letting me refocus shots or tune the white balance, but I just didn't find nearly as much need for them as I did for the equally excellent controls for still shots. They'll certainly help if you're a budding filmmaker or video blogger, but not as much if you're just trying to post a quick clip to Facebook or Vine.. The fingerprint reader, meanwhile, occasionally drives me mad. It's fast and convenient when everything works correctly, but it's both located in the wrong place (you can't use it while your phone is on your desk) and too small to be reliable. There were more than a few times where I had to tap the reader multiple times to unlock my phone, all because my fingertip wasn't placed on the power button just so. The front-facing fingerprint readers on the iPhone 6s Plus and Galaxy Note 5 are much better if you want to avoid PIN codes or patterns.. LG's much-vaunted design left me torn, too. I didn't have to test the V10's improved drop resistance, thankfully, but I did appreciate the grippier-textured back. The steel rails, however? Not so much. While they do give the handset a sturdier, more premium feel, they're somehow both slippery and prone to biting into my hands. This isn't the phone you want to hold during a lengthy call, folks. And even among large smartphones, the V10 is on the big side. The extra display and side rails result in a tall, wide device that's not very forgiving to smaller pockets.. It might sound like I'm trashing the V10, but I'm not. At its heart, it's still an extremely capable phone. The Snapdragon 808 processor isn't cutting-edge, but it and the 4GB of RAM meant that I was never hurting for performance. LG's custom interface remains distinctive without being overly burdensome, the battery life is adequate for most days and the call quality is above-average. And yes, the 16-megapixel rear camera (first seen on the G4 ) is superb. Combined with the manual controls, I could take photos that are difficult to manage on any smartphone, such as extraclose macros and long exposures. The V10 may not have the abundant resolution of legendary camera phones like the Lumia 1020 , but it has just about everything else and then some.. Would I recommend the V10, then? That's a tough call. It's certainly the ultimate expression of LG's circa-2015 design. If you liked the idea of the G4 but wished that it had a bit more performance and resilience, you've met your dream machine. It's also worth picking over the Galaxy Note 5 or S6 Edge+ if you'd prefer a second screen, a semirugged design, a removable battery or expandable storage over Samsung's prettier bodies and (on the Note 5) stylus input. I have yet to see what Samsung's 2016 lineup will bring as of this writing, but the V10 is your best bet if you want a big, brawny phone that still lets you swap power packs and microSD cards.. The problem, as I see it, is that the V10 doesn't go quite as far as it should in justifying its existence. Unless you absolutely have to get that second screen, extra selfie cam or fingerprint reader, the G4 will get you nearly all the way there for considerably less cash. It's about as fast, takes similarly great photos and isn't that much smaller. You might even prefer it if you find the V10 too unwieldy.. Unless you bought the V10 right when it arrived in midfall, you're probably better off waiting to see if the G5 gives you some of the features (a fingerprint reader and manual video controls seem like shoo-ins) on top of CPU and camera upgrades. That's not even including what rivals like HTC, Samsung and Sony might offer. By all means, get the V10 if you like it. It's a good phone whose special features usually transcend gimmickry -- I'll miss that second screen, even if it's not a lifesaver. Just know that LG's flagship won't be the top dog for much longer.. android , engagetirl , gear , irl , lg , mobile , review , smartphone , v10. Jon has been hooked on tech ever since he tried a Compaq PC clone when he was five.. He's big on mobile and is one of those precious few people who wears his smartwatch with pride.. He's also an unapologetic Canadian: Don't be surprised if you get an earful about poutine or the headaches with Canadian carriers.. Lenovo's Yoga 730 is a cheaper 2-in-1 with Alexa support. The company also announced the Flex 14 at Mobile World Congress.. The Xperia XZ2 is Sony's fastest, strangest flagship phone yet. And as usual, it has a tiny, equally powerful sibling.. Sony will sell its wireless 'open-ear' buds in the US. The Xperia Ear Duo lets you hear both the outside world and your music.. Tesla's electric trucks may be more cost-effective than expected. DHL thinks it could recoup the money in just a year and a half.. Canon's entry-level Rebel T7 DSLR targets social media users. It costs just $550 with an 18-55mm f/3.5-5.6 kit lens.. © 2018 Oath Tech Network Aol Tech. ear icon eye icon text file vr. 
Home Shop MWC News Reviews Features Opinions Videos The Gadgets 360 Show Cell Guru Prime Tech Smartphone Reviews Tech and Gadget Reviews How-To Videos Video Game Reviews and Features Top Lists by Gadgets 360 Unboxing and Hands-On Videos Podcasts Compare Mobiles Phone Finder DEALS. Mobiles Tablets Apps Gaming Cameras PC/Laptops AUDIO/VIDEO How To Telecom Science INDIA INTERNET SOCIAL MEDIA WEARABLES हिंदी. Acer Adcom Alcatel Apple Archos Asus BlackBerry Blu Celkon Coolpad Datawind Fly Gionee HTC Huawei iBall iBerry Idea InFocus Intex iVoomi Jivi Karbonn Lava LeEco Lenovo LG Lyf Maxx Mobile Meizu Micromax Microsoft Motorola MTS Nokia Obi Oppo Panasonic Philips Ringing Bells Samsung Sony Spice Swipe Videocon Vivo Wickedleak Xiaomi Xolo Yu Zen Ziox Zopo ZTE. Home Mobiles Phone Finder LG V10. SPECIFICATIONS USER REVIEWS NEWS. Share on Facebook Tweet Share Share Email Reddit. LG V10 smartphone was launched in October 2015. The phone comes with a 5.70-inch touchscreen display with a resolution of 1440 pixels by 2560 pixels at a PPI of 513 pixels per inch. LG V10 price in India starts from Rs. The LG V10 is powered by hexa-core Qualcomm Snapdragon 808 processor and it comes with 4GB of RAM. The phone packs 64GB of internal storage that can be expanded up to 2GB via a microSD card. As far as the cameras are concerned, the LG V10 packs a 16-megapixel primary camera on the rear and a 5-megapixel front shooter for selfies. The LG V10 runs Android 5.1.1 and is powered by a 3000mAh removable battery. It measures 159.60 x 79.30 x 8.60 (height x width x thickness) and weigh 192.00 grams. The LG V10 is a single SIM (GSM) smartphone that accepts a Micro-SIM. Connectivity options include Wi-Fi, GPS, Bluetooth, NFC, Infrared, 3G and 4G. Sensors on the phone include Compass Magnetometer, Proximity sensor, Accelerometer, Ambient light sensor, Gyroscope and Barometer.. KEY SPECS NEWS Price in india. LG V10 Starts Receiving Android 7.0 Nougat Update, Beginning With Select Users. LG V10 With Two Screens, Dual Front Cameras Launched; New Watch Urbane Unveiled. More LG mobiles LG mobiles price in India. LG V10 Price in India V10 (Black, 64GB) Rs. Release date October 2015 Form factor Touchscreen Dimensions (mm) 159.60 x 79.30 x 8.60 Weight (g) 192.00 Battery capacity (mAh) 3000 Removable battery Yes Colours Space Black, Luxe White, Modern Beige, Ocean Blue, Opal Blue. Screen size (inches) 5.70 Touchscreen Yes Resolution 1440x2560 pixels Pixels per inch (PPI) 513. Processor hexa-core Processor make Qualcomm Snapdragon 808 RAM 4GB Internal storage 64GB Expandable storage Yes Expandable storage type microSD Expandable storage up to (GB) 2. Rear camera 16-megapixel Rear Flash Dual LED Front camera 5-megapixel. Wi-Fi Yes GPS Yes Bluetooth Yes, v 4.10 NFC Yes Infrared Yes USB OTG No Headphones 3.5mm FM No Number of SIMs 1 SIM 1 SIM Type Micro-SIM GSM/CDMA GSM 3G Yes 4G/ LTE Yes Supports 4G in India (Band 40) No. Compass/ Magnetometer Yes Proximity sensor Yes Accelerometer Yes Ambient light sensor Yes Gyroscope Yes Barometer Yes Temperature sensor No. Error or missing information? Please let us know. User ratings and reviews for LG V10. 4.5 Out of 5. 5 Star 1 4 Star 1 3 Star 2 Star 1 Star. Displaying review(s) 1- 1 of 1 Sort by: Most Helpful Most Recent. it's the best the bestest !!!!!!. By Mohanish Saini | 6 Oct 2015. I am the fan of LG's all Product it's not the Cheapest but the Ever bestst for the LG Customer so not Doubt for it's upcoming Product... it will definitely hit the market with is gadget and as per my opinion for the Smartphone i am having it's all the G Series and there is no Complain for the G2, G3, G4... Keep it Up R&D team I hope that I could Join you to celebrate this Moment.... Was this review helpful? Yes No. 2 out of 3 people found this review helpful. LG V10 Starts Receiving Android 7.0 Nougat Update, Beginning With Select Users. LG V10 With Two Screens, Dual Front Cameras Launched; New Watch Urbane Unveiled. LG V30S+ ThinQ LG V30S ThinQ LG K8 (2018) LG K10a (2018) LG K10+ (2018) LG K10 (2018) LG X4+ LG Signature Edition LG K7i LG V30+ LG V30 LG Q8 LG Q6a LG Q6 LG Q6+ LG G6+ LG X500 LG X venture LG Stylo 3 Plus LG X power2 LG X400 LG G6 LG X300 LG Stylus 3 LG K3 (2017) LG K4 (2017) LG K8 (2017) LG K10 (2017) LG U LG V34. LG V10 Oneplus 3 vs. Samsung Galaxy S6 LG K10 vs. LG V10 Blackberry Priv vs. Microsoft Lumia 950 Xl Dual Sim vs. Apple iPhone 6s Plus LG G5 Se vs. LG V10 LG V20 vs. LG V10 Huawei P9 Plus vs. Samsung Galaxy S6 Edge Oppo A37 vs. LG G4 Stylus 3g vs. LG V10 LG V10 vs. Samsung Galaxy Note 4 Duos LG V10 vs. Nokia 7 Plus Is an Android One Phone With Dual Rear Cameras, Zeiss Optics Samsung Galaxy S9, Galaxy S9+ Pre-Orders Now Open in India Samsung Galaxy S9, Galaxy S9+ With Improved Cameras, AR Emoji Launched Nokia 8110 4G Is a 'Slider' Feature Phone With Google, Facebook Apps OnePlus 5, OnePlus 5T HD Content Streaming Issue Fixed, With a Catch Vodafone to Offer 4.5GB Data Per Day for 28 Days at Rs. 799: Report Nokia 7 Plus vs Nokia 7 Samsung Galaxy S9 a Worthy Upgrade? A Look at What's New Nokia 8 Sirocco With Dual Cameras, Stainless Steel Frame Launched at MWC Nokia 6 (2018) Android One Phone With Snapdragon 630 Launched at MWC 2018. Samsung phones price list Lyf phones price list Micromax phones price list Sony phones price list Htc phones price list Lenovo phones price list Intex phones price list Lava phones price list Apple phones price list Nokia phones price list Xolo phones price list Lg phones price list Vivo phones price list Oppo phones price list Gionee phones price list Motorola phones price list Blackberry phones price list Xiaomi phones price list. Sitemaps Archives Advertise About Us Feedback Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions Complaint Redressal Careers Contact Us RSS Ethics LG V10 in Hindi. © Copyright Red Pixels Ventures Limited 2018. Subject Comments. 
Samsung Galaxy S9 OnePlus 5T Huawei Mate 10 Google Pixel 2 OnePlus 5. LG K10 (2018) Samsung Galaxy S9 Elephone S8 HTC U11 Eyes Honor 9 Lite. Samsung Galaxy S9 OnePlus 5T Huawei Mate 10 Google Pixel 2 OnePlus 5. Buy and sell gently used phones. The LG V10 is a high series Android smartphone, released by the South Korean company in October 2015. Its standout feature is an "always-on" second strip of screen that sits above the main screen. This is used for an "at-a-glance" system, where you'll find things such as notifications, shortcuts or media information. It is 2.1" in size and has a resolution of 160 x 1040, while the main display is a 5.7" IPS LCD, and has a resolution of 1440 x 2560. On the inside, the V10 is powered by a 1.82GHz hexa-core Qualcomm Snapdragon 808 processor and 4GB of RAM. It has 64GB internal storage, with up to a further 128GB more using the microSD slot. The rear shooter has a 16MP sensor with optical image stabilization, laser autofocus and 4K video recording, while the front has a 5MP duo camera setup. The V10 runs on a 3000mAh battery.. The XDA App is the fastest way to access the forums on mobile.. One-Handed Mode replicates the useful iOS "Reachability" feature without root.. Labs is an independent app store that gives developers full control over their work.. The ultimate, most complete theming solution for Android.. The best way to get cutting edge news about your device!. LG V10 Q&A, Help & Troubleshooting. LG V10 Real Life Review LG V10 General LG V10 Q&A, Help & Troubleshooting LG V10 Accessories LG V10 Android Development LG V10 Original Android Development LG V10 Themes and Apps Verizon LG V10 (Link) AT&T LG V10 (Link) T-Mobile LG V10 (Link). More LG V10 Real Life Review Threads. Lg v10 dual sim (h961n) official thread. Root H960A with TOT add systemrooted.. LG g4 and V10 Bootloop Fix Permanent 100% Assurity. [KDZ][Download] List of all available stock KDZ files from LG servers. LG V10 Q&A, Help & Troubleshooting. HELP - LG V10 H961N Dual Sim Hard bricked - Stuck in Download mode. H961N dead need file for fix. LG V10 H968 Dual (china) official thread: ROMs, ROOT, GOOGLE APPS nedded. More LG V10 Q&A, Help & Troubleshooting Threads. ZeroLemon 9,000 mAh Extended Battery Review. [Q] Letv QC 3.0 charger original or fake. LG V10 T-Mobile Update zip 7.0 30b. [LG-H901] Stock ROM, Rooted, with Busybox. V10 (msm 8992) | CPU, GPU, IO, RAM, Interactive Gov. More LG V10 Android Development Threads. Evil Yummy Gumdrop T-mobile LG V10 Kernel. More LG V10 Original Android Development Threads. DAC Fix - Use the HI-FI DAC Everywhere!. [Theme][Aroma]oZoP MoDz Emoji Changer ☣ Device Detection ☣ 15 Styles ☣ v2 Nov.19.17. Add custom widgets to Smart Bulletin without root. [Port] Samsung Galaxy Apps Store For LG (And Other) Devices. More LG V10 Themes and Apps Threads. Click here to visit the forum. Click here to visit the forum. Click here to visit the forum. ---- XDA 2013 Beta - 1024. XDA Developers was founded by developers, for developers. It is now a valuable resource for people who want to make the most of their mobile devices, from customizing the look and feel to adding new functionality. Are you a developer? | Terms of Service. 
Our new search experience requires JavaScript to be enabled. Please enable JavaScript on your browser , then try again .. All Categories Antiques Art Baby Books Business & Industrial Cameras & Photo Cell Phones & Accessories Clothing, Shoes & Accessories Coins & Paper Money Collectibles Computers/Tablets & Networking Consumer Electronics Crafts Dolls & Bears DVDs & Movies eBay Motors Entertainment Memorabilia Gift Cards & Coupons Health & Beauty Home & Garden Jewelry & Watches Music Musical Instruments & Gear Pet Supplies Pottery & Glass Real Estate Specialty Services Sporting Goods Sports Mem, Cards & Fan Shop Stamps Tickets & Experiences Toys & Hobbies Travel Video Games & Consoles Everything Else. Hi ( Sign in to bid or buy) Daily Deals Gift Cards Help & Contact Sell. Summary Recently Viewed Bids/Offers Watch List Purchase History Selling Saved Searches Saved Sellers Messages. Refine your search for lg v10 phone. All Listings - Current page. Quickly compare offers in our new grouped view. results for lg v10 phone. Save lg v10 phone to get e-mail alerts and updates on your eBay Feed.. Unfollow lg v10 phone to stop getting updates on your eBay Feed.. You'll receive email and Feed alerts when new items arrive. Afghanistan - AFG Albania - ALB Algeria - DZA American Samoa - ASM Andorra - AND Angola - AGO Anguilla - AIA Antigua and Barbuda - ATG Argentina - ARG Armenia - ARM Aruba - ABW Australia - AUS Austria - AUT Azerbaijan Republic - AZE Bahamas - BHS Bahrain - BHR Bangladesh - BGD Barbados - BRB Belarus - BLR Belgium - BEL Belize - BLZ Benin - BEN Bermuda - BMU Bhutan - BTN Bolivia - BOL Bosnia and Herzegovina - BIH Botswana - BWA Brazil - BRA British Virgin Islands - VGB Brunei Darussalam - BRN Bulgaria - BGR Burkina Faso - BFA Burma - MMR Burundi - BDI Cambodia - KHM Cameroon - CMR Canada - CAN Cape Verde Islands - CPV Cayman Islands - CYM Central African Republic - CAF Chad - TCD Chile - CHL China - CHN Colombia - COL Comoros - COM Congo, Democratic Republic of the - COD Congo, Republic of the - COG Cook Islands - COK Costa Rica - CRI Cote d Ivoire (Ivory Coast) - CIV Croatia, Republic of - HRV Cyprus - CYP Czech Republic - CZE Denmark - DNK Djibouti - DJI Dominica - DMA Dominican Republic - DOM Ecuador - ECU Egypt - EGY El Salvador - SLV Equatorial Guinea - GNQ Eritrea - ERI Estonia - EST Ethiopia - ETH Falkland Islands (Islas Malvinas) - FLK Fiji - FJI Finland - FIN France - FRA French Guiana - GUF French Polynesia - PYF Gabon Republic - GAB Gambia - GMB Georgia - GEO Germany - DEU Ghana - GHA Gibraltar - GIB Greece - GRC Greenland - GRL Grenada - GRD Guadeloupe - GLP Guam - GUM Guatemala - GTM Guernsey - GGY Guinea - GIN Guinea-Bissau - GNB Guyana - GUY Haiti - HTI Honduras - HND Hong Kong - HKG Hungary - HUN Iceland - ISL India - IND Indonesia - IDN Ireland - IRL Israel - ISR Italy - ITA Jamaica - JAM Japan - JPN Jersey - JEY Jordan - JOR Kazakhstan - KAZ Kenya - KEN Kiribati - KIR Korea, South - KOR Kuwait - KWT Kyrgyzstan - KGZ Laos - LAO Latvia - LVA Lebanon - LBN Liechtenstein - LIE Lithuania - LTU Luxembourg - LUX Macau - MAC Macedonia - MKD Madagascar - MDG Malawi - MWI Malaysia - MYS Maldives - MDV Mali - MLI Malta - MLT Marshall Islands - MHL Martinique - MTQ Mauritania - MRT Mauritius - MUS Mayotte - MYT Mexico - MEX Micronesia - FSM Moldova - MDA Monaco - MCO Mongolia - MNG Montenegro - MNE Montserrat - MSR Morocco - MAR Mozambique - MOZ Namibia - NAM Nauru - NRU Nepal - NPL Netherlands - NLD Netherlands Antilles - ANT New Caledonia - NCL New Zealand - NZL Nicaragua - NIC Niger - NER Nigeria - NGA Niue - NIU Norway - NOR Oman - OMN Pakistan - PAK Palau - PLW Panama - PAN Papua New Guinea - PNG Paraguay - PRY Peru - PER Philippines - PHL Poland - POL Portugal - PRT Puerto Rico - PRI Qatar - QAT Reunion - REU Romania - ROU Russian Federation - RUS Rwanda - RWA Saint Helena - SHN Saint Kitts-Nevis - KNA Saint Lucia - LCA Saint Pierre and Miquelon - SPM Saint Vincent and the Grenadines - VCT San Marino - SMR Saudi Arabia - SAU Senegal - SEN Serbia - SRB Seychelles - SYC Sierra Leone - SLE Singapore - SGP Slovakia - SVK Slovenia - SVN Solomon Islands - SLB Somalia - SOM South Africa - ZAF Spain - ESP Sri Lanka - LKA Suriname - SUR Swaziland - SWZ Sweden - SWE Switzerland - CHE Taiwan - TWN Tajikistan - TJK Tanzania - TZA Thailand - THA Togo - TGO Tonga - TON Trinidad and Tobago - TTO Tunisia - TUN Turkey - TUR Turkmenistan - TKM Turks and Caicos Islands - TCA Tuvalu - TUV Uganda - UGA Ukraine - UKR United Arab Emirates - ARE United Kingdom - UK United States - USA Uruguay - URU Uzbekistan - UZB Vanuatu - VUT Vatican City State - VAT Venezuela - VEN Vietnam - VNM Virgin Islands (U.S) - VIR Wallis and Futuna - WLF Western Sahara - ESH Western Samoa - WSM Yemen - YEM Zambia - ZMB Zimbabwe - ZWE. LG V10 - New in a Box! Worldwide Unlock Smartphone H900 64G (4 Colors available). LG V10 H900 64GB 5.7" GSM Unlocked AT&T T-Mobile 4G LTE Smartphone. LG V10 H900 - 64GB 4G LTE (AT&T, T-Mobile) Space Black Phone - UNLOCKED. LG V10 H901 - 64GB - Space Black (T-Mobile) Smartphone. Android Mobile Phone LG V10 H901 Hexa Core 5.7'' 2560*1440 Smartphone. LG V10 H901 - 64GB - Space Black (T-Mobile) Smartphone. LG V10 H900 - 64GB - Space Black (AT&T) GSM Unlocked Smartphone. LG V10 F600 Used A-Grade Smart Mobile Phone Unlocked 4G Android Phone 5.7 Blue. LG V10 H901 5.7" Unlocked 64GB 16MP Hexa-core 4G LTE Android Smartphone -5 Color. Lg v10 Tmobile 64 GB Android 6.0. LG V10 H901 (T-MOBILE + GSM UNLOCKED) 64GB 16MP 5.7" 4G LTE ANDROID SMARTPHONE. 8 new & refurbished from $107.53. LG V10 VS990 - 64GB - Space Black (Verizon) Smartphone(785 ). 8 new & refurbished from $128.99. LG V10 H962 Blue 64GB DUAL SIM 16MP 5.7' 4GB RAM 4G (FACTORY UNLOCKED) NEW. LG V10 H900 AT&T Check IMEI C. LG V10 4G F600 S/K Blue Smartphone Unlocked Phone. LG V10 H900 - 64GB 4G LTE (AT&T, T-Mobile) Space Black Phone - UNLOCKED. LG V10 GSM 4G LTE H900 H901 Hexa Core RAM 4GB ROM 64GB 5.7"Original Phone. LG V10 H900 - 64GB - Opal Blue (AT&T) ANY GSM Unlocked Smartphone. 2 new & refurbished from $109.99. LG V10 VS990 64GB Black *Android* Cell Phone Verizon GOOD TO GREAT 191329. NEW LG V10 H900 AT&T Unlocked 64GB 16MP 5.7" 4GB Ram Smartphone Black/Blue/Whi te. LG V10 64GB VS990 Black (Verizon). 8 new & refurbished from $128.99. LG V10 ‑ 64 GB ‑ Space Black ‑ AT&T ‑ GSM Cell Phone. Unlocked - LG V10 H990 - 64GB - Black (Verizon) Smartphone Great Condition!. LG V10 - 64GB - VS990 (Verizon/Unloc ked) Exceptional, Good, Acceptable Clean. CoverON® for LG V10 Case - Hybrid Kickstand Hard Phone Cover - Teal. LG V10 H900 - 64GB - Space Black (AT&T) UNLOCKED Smartphone With EXTRAS. 8 new & refurbished from $107.53. LG T-Mobile Unlocked 5.7'' V10 H901 64GB 16MP 4G LTE Dual-Front-Cam era Cellphone. LG V10 VS990 64GB Black *Android* Cell Phone Verizon GOOD TO GREAT 553221. LG V10 64GB White (Unlocked Dual Sim) Smartphone-Fai r Condition-FR98 07. LG V10 H961 64GB (FACTORY UNLOCKED) 5.7" IPS , 16MP - Black / White / Beige. LG V10 - 64GB - Black T-mobile/metro Pcs. LG V10 H900 - 64GB - Space Black (AT&T) Smartphone. 8 new & refurbished from $107.53. Unlocked 5.7" LG V10 H901 64GB T-Mobile RAM 4GB 16MP 4G LTE Android Smartphone. Original LG V10 H900 H901 5.7" Hexa Core 4GB 64GB 16.0MP Unlocked Smartphone. (T-Mobile) 5.7" LG V10 H901 Unlocked 64GB 16MP 4GB RAM 4G LTE Android Smartphone. LG V10 VS990 - 64GB - Space Black - Verizon - GSM Unlocked. LG V10 H900 AT&T Unlocked 64GB 16MP 5.7" 4GB Ram Smartphone Black/Blue/Whi te. LG V10 H990 - 64GB - Space Black (Verizon) Clean IMEI - Excellent Condition!. LG V10 H901 64GB Black (T-Mobile) Clean IMEI - Great Condition. New Mount Wallet Diary Case for LG Phone / G6 G5 G4 V20 V10 x skin cam stylus2. LG V10 H900 64GB - 4G LTE AT&T, T-Mobile MetroPCS Phone - Space Black (Unlocked). 8 new & refurbished from $107.53. LG V10 VS990 - 64GB - Space Black (Verizon +GSM Unlocked) Smartphone. 8 new & refurbished from $128.99. OPEN BOX- LG V10 H962 64GB (FACTORY UNLOCKED) 5.7" IPS , 16MP - Black. LG V10 VS990 64GB Verizon Unlocked 4G LTE Android 16MP 5.7" Smartphone Colors. 64GB LG V10 H900 GSM Android (AT&T Unlocked) 4G RAM Smartphone 5.7" USA. OPEN BOX- LG V10 H960A 32GB (FACTORY UNLOCKED) 5.7" IPS , 16MP - Black. LG V10 VS990 - 64GB - Luxe White (Verizon) Smartphone 9/10. 3 new & refurbished from $134.95. LG V10 H900 64GB AT&T Unlocked 4G LTE Hexa-Core Android 16MP Phone - Black. 2 new & refurbished from $109.99. LG V10 64GB Black T-Mobile-Good Condition-GD21 19. LG V10 VS990 - 64GB - Space Black (Verizon) Unlocked Smartphone. LG V10 Smartphone (Choose: AT&T T-Mobile Verizon GSM Unlocked or Sprint) 4G LTE. LG V10 - New in a Box! Dual Sim Worldwide Unlock Smartphone H961N Dual Sim!. LG V10 RS987 64GB Space Black! GSM Unlocked! Clean IMEI!. LG V10 Opal Blue Smartphone- Choose AT&T T-Mobile Verizon GSM Unlocked or Sprint. LG V10 VS990 (Verizon)c Unlocked Smartphone Cell Phone (Page Plus) AT&T T-Mobile. LG V10 LG-H960A 32GB 4G White Single SIM Smart Phone. LG V10 VS990 64GB *Android* Cell Phone Verizon GOOD TO GREAT 547503. LG V10 Faux Leather Phone Pouch Skin Shell Case Cover Beige Accessories NEW. Otterbox Defender Cell Phone Case For Lg V10 - Retail Packaging - Black. New in a sealed box with all original accessories!. 24 Hour Sale Blowout, Free Shipping, Limited Quantity. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. FAST SHIPPING, 30 DAY HASSLE FREE RETURN. FAST SHIPPING, 30 DAY HASSLE FREE RETURN. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. 5.7 IPS display Korea Version/ Only Device. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. in Stock - Ship Worldwide - USA Seller !. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. (Black, White, Beige, Dark Blue, Light Blue). Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. 30-Day Warranty - Free Charger & Cable - Easy Returns!. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. 30-Day Warranty - Free Charger & Cable - Easy Returns!. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. eBay determines this price through a machine learned model of the product's sale prices within the last 90 days.. eBay determines trending price through a machine learned model of the product’s sale prices within the last 90 days. "New" refers to a brand-new, unused, unopened, undamaged item, and "Used" refers to an item that has been used previously.. Top Rated Plus Sellers with highest buyer ratings Returns, money back Ships in a business day with tracking Learn More. Top Rated Plus Sellers with highest buyer ratings Returns, money back Ships in a business day with tracking Learn More. $ Enter minimum price to $ Enter maximum price. Please enter a minimum and/or maximum price before continuing.. Site Map Copyright © 1995-2018 eBay Inc. Accessibility , User Agreement , Privacy , Cookies and AdChoice Norton Secured - powered by Verisign. Number of bids and bid amounts may be slightly out of date. See each listing for international shipping options and costs.. 
Menu Login Sign Up. Find the Best Cell Phone and Plan for You. Wirefly helps you save on cell phones and plans by offering innovative comparison tools so consumers can make educated choices. Compare Phones and Plans Compare Cell Phones. How Much Data Do I Need. Wirefly helps you save on Internet service by offering innovative comparison tools to compare Internet providers in your area.. Compare Internet by ZIP Code Compare Internet & TV Bundles Compare Business Internet. Test your current internet connection with our speed test and see what services your provider can handle. Find out your download speed, upload speed, latency, and more.. Test Your Internet Speed Internet Speed Test. Compare Cell Phones > LG. Purchase with a plan or or. black white brown blue. Motorola RAZR V3 Dolce & Gabbana. DROID RAZR MAXX HD by Motorola. The LG V10 is an Android smartphone built with a 5.7-inch IPS LCD display with a 1440x2560 resolution and 515ppi. Powering the phone from within is a hexa-core Qualcomm Snapdragon 808 processor with the Adreno 418 GPU and 4GB of RAM. The memory on the LG V10 is quite impressive as it comes with a built-in storage of 64GB and a microSD card slot for memory expansion of up to 2TB. Photos can be captured with either the 16MP rear-facing camera or the 5MP front-facing sensor. Video capture is good thanks to the 4K video capture available in the device. It also comes with a manual mode for video recording, allowing its users to be in control of frame rate, white balance, shutter speed, and ISO. There is a 3000mAh removable battery included in the phone as well. Upon unboxing, the LG V10 runs on Android 5.1.1 OS.. Looks like there are no reviews yet, be the first to write one now.. Sort by Oldest Latest Negative Positive. Plans Unlocked Specs Media Reviews Deals. - Any - 0 5KB 50MB 30MB 100MB 125MB 150MB 200MB 250MB 300MB 334MB 350MB 375MB 400MB 500MB 600MB 625MB 700MB 800MB 834MB 900MB 938MB 1GB 1.2GB 1.5GB 1.6GB 2GB 2.03GB 2.5GB 3GB 3.7GB 4GB 5GB 6GB 6.1GB 7GB 7.3GB 8GB 8.5GB 9GB 10GB 11GB 12GB 13GB 14GB 15GB 16GB 18GB 20GB 22GB 23GB 24GB 25GB 30GB 32GB 35GB 40GB 50GB 60GB 80GB 85GB 100GB 120GB 150GB 200GB Unlimited. - Any - AT&T Atlantis Telecom Boost Mobile Cricket SpeedTalk Mobile BOOM Mobile CREDO Mobile GIV Mobile MetroPCS Net10 Pix Wireless Project Fi Pure TalkUSA Red Pocket Mobile ROK Mobile Republic Wireless Sprint Straight Talk Ting T-Mobile TextNow Tello Teltik TPO Mobile Twigby US Mobile Verizon Wireless Virgin Mobile. - Any - Monthly/No Contract Prepaid. Sort by: Price Carrier Minutes Data. LG V10 Unboxing and First Look (AT&T). Hands-on with the recently released LG V10 for AT&T.. LG V10 Exclusive Luxe White Unboxing & Hands-on (Verizon). A first look at the exclusive 'Luxe White' LG V10 for Verizon.. The best smartphone of 2015 is.... We sort through the best smartphones released in 2015 and put it all in one big video!. LG V10 review: A well-rounded smartphone. The LG V10 has a lot of bells and whistles.. Top 10 Android Apps of January 2016!. We have compiled a list of 10 must-have Android apps from the month of January, 2016.. A collection of some of our favorite tech to hit store shelves in February, 2016.. Android 6.0 Marshmallow on LG V10. Android 6.0 Marshmallow has officially made its way to the LG V10.. Top 10 Android Apps of March 2016!. We've compiled a list of ten of our favorite Android apps to hit the Play Store in March, 2016.. Expert Review User reviews. Limited Time Offer on LG 230W Hi-Fi System with Bluetooth Connectivity (Certified Refurbished).. Limited Time Offer on LG G6 Tempered Glass (2-pack).. Learn about our LG G6 BOGO offer.. Free Prepaid LG Leon after $50 Rebate.. Get an LG G Pad X 8.0 for free online.. Device: New LG K20 on 0% APR AT&T Next (30-mo. at $4/mo) or AT&T Next Every Year (24-mo at $5/mo.) installment agmt. $0 down for well-qualified credit or down payment may be reqd. Retail price is divided into monthly installments. Tax on full retail price due at sale. After all credits, get LG K20 priced $119.99 for free (credits 30-mo. at $4/mo) or AT&T Next Every Year (24-mo at $5/mo.) Reqd Wireless: Eligible postpaid wireless voice & data svc on devices (min. for new svc with AutoPay and paperless bill discount. until discount starts w/in 2 bills. Existing customers can add to elig. If you cancel wireless svc, will owe device balance of up to $119.99. Restocking fee up to $45 may apply. Bill Credits: Applied in equal amounts to device over entire agmt term & will not exceed $119.99. Wireless line must be active & in good standing for 30 days to qualify. To get all credits, wireless line must remain active, with eligible service, and on agmt for entire term. If you cancel service, upgrade or pay up/off agmt early your credits may cease. Limits: May not be combinable w/other offers, discounts or credits. Purchase, financing & other limits & restrs apply. Participation in this offer may make your wireless account ineligible for select other offers (including select bill credit offers) for a 12-month period.. Google Lens lands on other non.... Google: Over 40 phone and carr.... Galaxy S9 could hit stores on.... LG to announce new models of K.... Report: Verizon is tops in App.... Apple rolls out fix for messag.... iPhone Stuck on Black Screen and Ho.... Why is iMessage Not Working and How.... How to transfer phone contacts from.... iPhone Won't Charge and How To.... iPhone Apps Won't Update and H.... All You Need to Know About Sprint L.... Guide to Verizon Wireless Device Pa.... Find the Best Cell Phone and Plan for You. Wirefly helps you save on cell phones and plans by offering innovative comparison tools so consumers can make educated choices. Find The Best TV and Internet Providers For You. Paying too much for Internet or TV service? Use our tool to compare Internet providers, TV providers, and bundled services.. Google Pixel C Microsoft Lumia 950 XL Microsoft Lumia 550 ZTE Maven Huawei Union BLU Studio Selfie LTE HTC One A9 CAT S40 Plum Might Z513 BLU Studio Energy. Wirefly Is America's Most Trusted Source For All Cell Phones, Plans, TV, and Internet Deals. Wirefly offers great deals on a large selection of smartphones, cell phones, tablets, mobile hotspots, and other wireless devices for the nation's most popular carriers. Use Wirefly’s innovative cell phone and plan comparison tools to ensure you are getting the best deal on the market. Shop with confidence knowing that Wirefly wants to help you find the best prices on cell phones, cell phone plans, TV, and Internet service.. Privacy Policy | Term of Use | Contact | About Us. WireFly.com © 2018 All Rights Reserved. 
LG V10™, LG’S Latest Smartphone, Available from AT&T on Oct. Consumer / Dallas, Texas, Oct 26, 2015. Cameras: Take stunning photos and videos with the 16MP camera with Laser Auto Focus, and dual 5MP front-facing cameras. And with Gesture Shot and Selfie Light you can capture the perfect selfie even in lower light. Processor: Qualcomm ® Snapdragon™ 808 processor with X10 LTE connectivity, combined with 4GB of RAM 4 lets you move quickly through your favorite apps. Storage: Now more of your photos and videos can live on your smartphone. It has 64GB 5 of internal storage memory, expandable up to 2TB using a MicroSD 6 card (sold separately). Access & Security: Along with LG’s popular Knock Code, the LG V10 features a new fingerprint sensor to unlock it and turn on the display simultaneously. Operating System: Android™ 5.1 Lollipop.. With High-Quality Video Capturing, Editing and Sharing, the LG V10 Delivers a Next Gen Multimedia Experience. 27, you can order the LG V10™ in AT&T 1 stores or online at www.att.com. The device hits store shelves on Friday, Nov. Powered by the nation’s most reliable 4G LTE network 2 , the LG V10 is durable and has a set of distinctive new features such as a second screen, Dual Front Cameras and is the first smartphone in the U.S. to offer real-time manual video mode.. LG V10’s 5.7-inch QHD IPS Quantum display with an “always-on” second screen enhances productivity with access to your favorite apps and notifications. The smartphone also features 5-megapixel Dual Front Cameras with two separate lenses to capture standard 80-degree or wide-angle 120-degree selfies without the need to pan the smartphone. Record and share the moments that matter with the LG V10’s cutting-edge camera and video technology that enables you to quickly capture, edit and share with precision and ease. Its SAE grade stainless steel and Dura Skin covering give you added durability and shock resistance in case you drop the device. You can buy the V10 in Space Black or Opal Blue from AT&T for $0 down on AT&T Next SM 24 7 18, and 12:. For a limited time 9 , when you buy the LG V10, you’ll get a free 200GB memory card, extra battery and battery charging cradle. For more information, please visit: lgv10promo.com .. “LG V10 is yet another example of how we provide customers with a variety of smartphones to meet their needs,” said Jeff Bradley, senior vice president, Device Marketing and Developer Services, AT&T Mobility. “The V10 was designed for photo and video enthusiasts that are looking to take high-quality content, but don’t want to carry around a bulky camera. One of the coolest features is the photo and video editing software included on the phone. You can highlight the best features of the content you create and can share it instantly with friends and family.”. For more information on the LG V10, check out this video and visit: att.com/v10. Follow the conversation on social using #LGV10.. 1 AT&T products and services are provided or offered by subsidiaries and affiliates of AT&T Inc. under the AT&T brand and not by AT&T Inc.. 2 Signal strength and reliability claims based on nationwide carriers’ 4G LTE. Signal strength claim based ONLY on avg. 3 Meets US MIL-STD-810G to withstand shock when dropped from ≤ 4 ft onto flat surface.. 5 Portion of memory occupied by existing content. Up to 50.8GB of usable, on-board storage.. 7 $0 down with AT&T Next req’s well-qualified credit & a 20-mth, 24-mth or 30-mth 0% APR installment agreement.. Wireless service (voice & data) is required & is extra. If wireless svc is cancelled, device balance due. Visit att.com/next for AT&T Next requirements.. Requires 2-year agreement with qualifying data plan. Activation/upgrade, early termination and other fees, and restrictions apply. Pricing Requirements : www.att.com/att/planner/index.html#fbid=yRbS77904im .. 9 The LG V10 microSD and Battery Promotion (“Promotion”) is open to legal residents of the 50 United States and D.C., age 18 or older who make a purchase of a new LG V10 device via any carrier or authorized retailers as outlined in the full Terms & Conditions. Void outside the U.S., in Puerto Rico, and wherever else prohibited by law or regulation. Purchase must be made from October 30, 2015 through November 15, 2015 only ("Promotion Period"). Participants who purchase a new LG V10 during the Promo-tional Period will receive a 200GB microSD card, extra battery and battery-charging cradle ("Battery, Cradle, and microSD") if the submission is successfully registered online or postmarked by Monday, Nov. ( NYSE:T ) helps millions around the globe connect with leading entertainment, mobile, high speed Internet and voice services. We’re the world’s largest provider of pay TV. We have TV customers in the U.S. In the U.S., our wireless network has the nation’s strongest 4G LTE signal and most reliable 4G LTE. We offer the best global coverage of any U.S. And we help businesses worldwide serve their customers better with our mobility and highly secure cloud solutions.. Additional information about AT&T products and services is available at http://about.att.com. Follow our news on Twitter at @ATT, on Facebook at http://www.facebook.com/att and YouTube at http://www.youtube.com/att .. AT&T, the Globe logo and other marks are trademarks and service marks of AT&T Intellectual Property and/or AT&T affiliated companies. All other marks contained herein are the property of their respective owners.. Signal strength and reliability claims based on nationwide carriers’ 4G LTE. Signal strength claim based ONLY on avg. *Global coverage claim based on offering discounted voice and data roaming; LTE roaming; voice roaming; and world-capable smartphone and tablets in more countries than any other U.S. Coverage not available in all areas. Coverage may vary per country and be limited/restricted in some countries.. Jordan Spieth at the AT&T Pebble Beach Pro-Am on the... GigaPower Expands in Four New Markets. AT&T Introduces New Unlimited Plan For AT&T Wireless and... “Who Said It” at the 2016 AT&T Developer Summit. AT&T to Connect Caterpillar Products Globally. Communications / 4 hours ago. AT&T Launches Fleet Management for Enterprise and Government. Communications / 4 hours ago. AT&T Unveils ‘Single Pane of Glass’ to Manage IoT Devices Globally. Communications / 4 hours ago. AT&T and CarForce Team Up on AI, IoT Service for Car Dealerships Globally. Communications / 4 hours ago. AT&T Gives You an Unmatched Entertainment Experience with the Samsung Galaxy S9/S9+, Available for Pre-order March 2. Communications / 15 hours ago. New FirstNet Devices: The Samsung GalaxyS9/S9+ Coming Soon to Public Safety Subscribers. Communications / 15 hours ago. AT&T AUDIENCE Network Announces World Premiere of “CONDOR” at 2018 SXSW Film Festival. Communications / 2 days ago. 50 Years Later: Living the Legacy of Martin Luther King, Jr.. Communications / 2 days ago. Announces Expiration Of Its Private Exchange Offers. Investors / 2 days ago. Announces Expiration Of Its Cash Offers. Investors / 2 days ago. AT&T Delivers ‘The Last Movie Star’ Starring Academy Award®-Nominee and Golden Globe®-Winner Burt Reynolds. Communications / 3 days ago. The Power of Connected Health on Display at Mobile World Congress. Communications / 3 days ago. AT&T Unveils Latest Smart Cities News. Communications / 3 days ago. AT&T Expands Hybrid Networking Options Globally to Help More Businesses Simplify Network Management and Lower Costs. Communications / 3 days ago. Inside the AT&T Foundry: Embracing the Startup Mentality at AT&T. Innovation Blog / 4 days ago. AT&T to Webcast Presentation by John Donovan at Morgan Stanley Conference on February 28. Investors / 4 days ago. AT&T Drives Path to Nationwide Mobile 5G With Multi-Gigabit Speeds. Communications / 5 days ago. AT&T Expands Professional Services for Internet of Things. Communications / 5 days ago. Edge Computing and 5G: The Secrets to a Successful Long-Distance Relationship. Communications / 5 days ago. 5 Years of Innovation with AT&T Partner Exchange. Communications / 5 days ago. AT&T Foundry Powers Up Edge Computing Test Zone in Silicon Valley to Drive Innovation in 5G Era. Communications / 5 days ago. Our Company / 6 days ago. Communications / 6 days ago. Three love stories, one special month. Communications / 9 days ago. Announces Private Exchange Offers for Five Series of Notes Open to Certain Investors. Investors / 10 days ago. Announces Cash Offers for Retail Holders Only. Investors / 10 days ago. Great Place to Work® and Fortune Name AT&T One of the 2018 FORTUNE 100 Best Companies to Work For®. Communications / 10 days ago. CallPass Tech Brings LTE-M to Vehicle Finance Industry. Communications / Feb 14, 2018. Share a Great Conversation….Not Germs! Tips to Avoid Getting the Flu from your Smartphone. Communications / Feb 14, 2018. AT&T Brings Gfast Connectivity to Apartment Complex in Boston Area. Communications / Feb 14, 2018. The Building Block Approach: Using Microservices to Lead with Speed. Communications / Feb 13, 2018. AT&T Film Awards Competition Seeks Rising Creators. Communications / Feb 13, 2018. Communications / Feb 13, 2018. AT&T Named the Nation’s Best Network for Streaming Video. Communications / Feb 12, 2018. Inside Connections Blog / Feb 12, 2018. AT&T Completes Acquisition of FiberTower Corporation. Our Company / Feb 09, 2018. AT&T Announces One of the Largest Corporate Renewable Energy Purchases; Signs on to Corporate Renewable Energy Buyers’ Principles. Social Responsibility / Feb 08, 2018. NBC Olympics Selects AT&T for Networking Services of the Production of 2018 Olympic Winter Games in PyeongChang. Business / Feb 08, 2018. Everything You Need to Obsess Over NBCUniversal’s Coverage of the PyeongChang 2018 Olympic Winter Games. Entertainment / Feb 07, 2018. Pebble Beach – here we come!. Inside Connections Blog / Feb 07, 2018. AT&T Brings Pebble Beach Pro-Am in Gorgeous 4K HDR on DIRECTV. Entertainment / Feb 07, 2018. to Explore Initial Public Offering of Minority Interest in DIRECTV Latin America. Our Company / Feb 07, 2018. AT&T to Credit Wireline and Wireless Customers for All Calls and Text Messages from the U.S. Mobility / Feb 06, 2018. Valentine’s Day Your Way With AT&T. Entertainment / Feb 06, 2018. Bobbling Back to Pebble Beach in 4K HDR. Inside Connections Blog / Feb 05, 2018. Selfies Soar at the Big Game. Network / Feb 05, 2018. Hurricane Maria: Response & Live Updates. Inside Connections Blog / Feb 02, 2018. If You Can Make It In Nollywood, You Can Make It Anywhere. Inside Connections Blog / Feb 02, 2018. AT&T Celebrates Black History Month With 10th Annual 28 Days Campaign. Citizenship / Feb 01, 2018. AT&T Increases Lead as Largest U.S.-Based Provider of Fiber for Businesses Nationwide. Business / Feb 01, 2018. 
Telephony, messaging and text input 7. Gallery, media players, audio quality 8. LG V10 specification User opinions and reviews Review comments (134). Main 5.7" Quantum display, QHD resolution (515ppi). Secondary 2.1" line display, 1,040 x 160px. Stainless steel (316L) body and Dura Skin cover; shock-proof (MIL-STD-810G). 16MP main camera, 1/2.6" sensor, f/1.8 aperture; optical image stabilization and laser autofocus. 2160p video capture, manual mic control. Dual-selfie cameras: both 5MP, one with 80° lens, one with 120°. Dual-core Cortex-A57 (1.82GHz) + quad-core Cortex-A53 (1.44GHz), Adreno 418, 4GB of RAM; Snapdragon 808 chipset. Android 5.1 Lollipop with Optimus UI. 64GB built-in storage plus microSD card slot. 6 LTE (300Mbps); Wi-Fi 802.11 a/b/g/n/ac; Bluetooth 4.1; GPS/GLONASS; NFC; USB 2.0  SlimPort 4K. 3,000mAh battery; Quick Charge 2.0 (50% in 40 min). More powerful chipsets exist, a flagship should have gotten the best. The durable back cover not as premium as G4's leather covers. Rather heavy, even for its size. There's quite a lot to the LG V10 - a flagship, a phablet, a camera phone, a rugged phone, a Hi-Fi phone and the first of the new V-series. It's a feature-packed device and its signature feature is the secondary always-on display and a dual selfie camera.. Until recently, the LG G4 and the G Flex2 ruled LG's lineup as co-flagships, but now there is only one king. In our preview we described it as "G4 on steroids" and the longer we spend with the LG V10, the more we are convinced this is an apt description.. The secondary display is essentially one line above the main screen that can be left on 24/7 and serves for notifications and shortcuts. This is to the notification light as email is to Morse code - a much richer way to give you at-a-glance info of what happened since you last checked your phone.. We've seen secondary screens like this one before, but this is our first dual selfie camera. LG solved the problem of group selfies ('groufies') by adding a super-wide 120° camera, in addition to the standard 80° one. Many more of your friends can now fit into the shot.. The main camera is very impressive too, it features the most comprehensive set of manual controls we've ever seen on a mobile device. Even PureView Lumias and Samsung's smartphone/camera hybrids didn't have some of the settings available on the LG V10.. And then there's the fingerprint reader, the 32-bit Hi-Fi DAC and the premium headphones. Here's the short version of it, we'll do a deep dive into the top features of the V10 as soon as we're done with the intro.. The LG V10 provides a nice antithesis of the Galaxy Note5 and S6 edge+. Their sealed back compartments and glass backs (which double the chance of cracks when dropped) make them seem more vain than practical. Also, the Galaxy S6 edge+ does not use its dual-curved screen as a separate control like last year's Note edge did.. LG V10 in Luxe White and Opal Blue. LG issues a serious challenge to other makers on the camera and audio battlefields with the V10. The phone is also LG's first to feature a fingerprint reader since 2009's GW820 eXpo (not counting the Google-designed Nexus 5X).. Time to get started since there's a lot of ground to cover. The bodywork on the LG V10 is quite complex, the software section has to explain why you need a secondary screen and the camera section has a couple of new terms to introduce to the world of smartphone photography.. Telephony, messaging and text input 7. Gallery, media players, audio quality 8. LG V10 specification User opinions and reviews Review comments (134). Samsung Apple Nokia Sony LG HTC Motorola Huawei Microsoft Lenovo Xiaomi Google Acer Asus Oppo OnePlus Meizu BlackBerry Alcatel ZTE Toshiba Vodafone Energizer XOLO Lava Micromax BLU Gionee vivo LeEco Panasonic HP YU verykool Maxwest Plum. LG V30S was developed with EyeEm, which beat Google last year. LG V30S ThinQ and V30S+ ThinkQ now official: V30 with more memory and new colors. Deal: LG Q6 for $160 this Sunday on Amazon. LG V30 and G6 are getting Oreo 8.1, Android Enterprise Recommended. 
more ... more .... more ... more .... 1 Design, Display and User Experience. posted by Ray S.. T-Mobile - T-Mobile + AT&T - AT&T + Verizon - Verizon + LG - LG + Android - Android +. 1 Design, Display and User Experience. 3 Battery life and Conclusion. LG V10 Wall charger (5V or 9V, 1.8A) USB cable Quad Beat 3 earphones Papers Design A bunch of good ideas, marred by materials that are too ordinary,. and boring colors Display The LG V10's secondary display is a neat idea that needs better execution. Equipped with a 5.7” panel, the V10 is undoubtedly for the fans of extra-large screens. Resolution is extremely high, at 1440 x 2560 pixels, which tastes like an overkill even for this screen size, but we'd rather not take part in them specs wars. Bottom line is that legibility is great. The IPS LCD screen LG has used looks good, but is too contrasty – it doesn't appear all that natural. The same goes for the color balance: it suffers from a desperate need of red, but this is a need we know will never be fulfilled, so the V10's screen will remain as it is for the remaining time of its lifespan: cold and blue. By itself, it doesn't necessarily come off as lifeless, but once you compare it against a quality screen that has even the faintest respect for colors, you'll immediately notice its disadvantage. Check out the measurements we've done in the chart below: the high color temperature, high gamma, and high delta E values all corroborate our observations. But it's not all bad: outside visibility is good enough, while reading in the dark won't destroy your vision, thanks to the satisfying minimum brightness level. Up to this point, everything sounded fairly ordinary. This is where it gets interesting. These days, everyone's looking to have some sort of gimmick – something to produce hype and draw interest towards the product. Samsung's Galaxy Note has the S Pen, Apple's iPhone 6s Plus has Live Photos, HTC used to put two rear cameras in its phones... Now, LG has one in the V10 as well: a secondary screen! It's a short LCD panel strip that's fitted right above the main display. Yeah, right next to the duo of selfie cameras... If this is getting a bit weird, don't worry – there's nothing too complex to wrap your head around here. Apparently, the 5.7” display of the V10 does not provide enough screen space for LG's software designers to fit everything they want, so a second panel is in order. Users who aren't into the idea of it can turn it off, because it provides only auxiliary functions, but why would you buy a V10 if you're going to avoid its standout feature? Anyway, the small, second display is always-on. When the phone is sleeping, the second display continues to work, displaying the time and date, as well as any notifications that may arrive. It's a fun, useful concept, but also one that feels severely compromised. The second display is LCD, meaning there's a back-light that's always working to make it visible. This tends to consume more power than an OLED display used in the same manner, because OLED displays can light up only certain pixels, leaving the rest completely off, saving power. Because of this, LG is keeping the back-light of the second LCD screen relatively low, because it's not supposed to waste too much battery power. The end-result is this: when the phone is in sleep, the secondary display is so dim, it's hardly visible with the phone lying on a table, not least because LCD screens lose brightness and contrast when looked from an angle, unlike OLEDs, which experience color shifts, but stay bright and easily visible. So, LG's decision to use an LCD panel for the secondary screen is perplexing, to say the least. It also makes for an awkward appearance in the dark, when the dedicated and not so even back-light becomes evident. It's not a big issue, but one that takes away from the V10's already limited stock of “elegance” points. User experience and secondary screen LG's software lets you tweak almost everything, but its default state isn't particularly smart. System performance LG's fastest smartphone to date. The LG V10 is a high-end smartphone, but the chipset powering it is not the strongest one around. Same as on the G4, it's the Qualcomm Snapdragon 808 – a six-core CPU configuration that strikes a good balance between performance and efficiency. The weak element here is the Adreno 418 GPU, which has traditionally provided decent, but not great results. First, before most, though, we're concerned with the system interface performance, and here, we want to congratulate LG for the huge improvement over the G4. Granted that the hardware is the same on both, it has to be the software that LG has worked to optimize, and the result is commendable. The LG V10 impresses with very fast response times and minimal lag, which makes it one of the fastest Android phones around. There's the occasional delay, but those seem to be few and far between, so they don't hamper the experience at all. In that sense, using the V10 is a pleasure. Had LG been more level-headed and gone with 1080 x 1920, we can imagine that 3D games would have performed pretty well too, but at 1440 x 2560, the Adreno 418 GPU is starting to show its limitations. Not that anything's unplayable, it's just that frame rates could have been considerably better in more demanding titles like the new Order & Chaos 2, or Angry Birds 2. When it comes to popular apps, such as Facebook, YouTube, or Viber, the V10 doesn't leave you wanting for performance.. For the last couple of years, the G Pro line has been LG's answer to Samsung 's Galaxy Note phablets. Unlike Samsung's Notes, however, LG's G Pro phones just didn't seem to strike a chord with consumers who were on the lookout for a super-sized smartphone. Perhaps, it was the lack of any major distinguishing features that prevented the G Pro from being noticed by the wider audience. Maybe, simply having an extra-large display was no longer enough to secure the win in the phablet category. Maybe, LG needed to come up with its own S-Pen-kind-of-feature that would make its device stand out from the hordes of Note-wannabes. You know what? It might have come up with just that. While initially it might appear to be just another experimental device from LG, the new V10 jumbo smartphone might very well take the place of the uninspiring G Pro line for good. Here's the deal: the LG V10 may have just a marginally larger screen than that of the LG G4 , but it comes with a unique trick of its own: a secondary display that's always on to show you the time and date, notifications, or next calendar event. Could this be the special ingredient to make phablets work for LG?. Note: We're reviewing the South Korean model of the LG V10. It's basically identical to the global one, though some minor aspects of the experience might vary from region to region.. The LG V10 feels like a very different smartphone from the G4. While LG's top device is gently curved, compact and soft (especially if it's outfitted with any of the leather back options), the V10 is flat, large and sturdy. This is, unmistakably, the phablet in LG's line-up. It bears some of the company's typical design characteristics, like the minimal top and bottom bezels, as well as the power and volume buttons situated on the rear, but it's by no means a larger version of the G4. The V10's exterior design is a mixed bag. It's thoughtfully shaped, good-looking even, but the materials and colors that finish off the package are rather bland. Worst is the back side, which looks and feels surprisingly rough. After the delicate, sophisticated leather designs that LG introduced with the G4, it's strange to see it revert to a cheapo, rubbery plastic for the V10. The available color variants also fail to hit the right notes, not least because they are boring. But the shape of the phone is appealing, while the unique stainless steel bars on the flanks add a much-needed element of elegance to the body. They are a really cool idea, because 1) they look good and different from what's out there, and 2) they aren't as slippery as the rest of the phone, due to their smooth, glossy finish. The V10 has a well-balanced appearance, but sadly, the same cannot be said about its weight, as this overly large phone ultimately comes off as a bit top-heavy. It's not the most comfortable handset to hold and work with, but it's tolerable. LG is staying true to its 'rear keys' concept, and that's OK, because getting used to their offbeat positioning isn't so difficult. What we can't get used to, however, is the unpleasant wobbliness of the power/lock key, which doesn't feel particularly well crafted. The good news is that it now doubles as a fingerprint scanner, which works well. There's the odd failed reading attempt at times, but the success rate is still. The V10's rear power key now doubles as a fingerprint sensor.. 6.28 x 3.12 x 0.34 inches. 159.6 x 79.3 x 8.6 mm. 6.27 x 3.06 x 0.29 inches. 159.3 x 77.8 x 7.3 mm. 6.03 x 3 x 0.3 inches. 153.2 x 76.1 x 7.6 mm. 6.23 x 3.07 x 0.29 inches. 158.2 x 77.9 x 7.3 mm. To see the phones in real size or compare them with other models, visit our Visual Phone Size Comparison page.. Image: 1 of 4. Minimum brightness (nits) Lower is better. Contrast Higher is better. Color temperature (Kelvins). Delta E rgbcmy Lower is better. Delta E grayscale Lower is better. Motorola Moto X Pure Edition (2015). The numbers below represent the amount of deviation in the respective property, observed when a display is viewed from a 45-degree angle as opposed to direct viewing.. Minimum brightness Lower is better. Contrast Lower is better. Color temperature Lower is better. Gamma Lower is better. Delta E rgbcmy Lower is better. Delta E grayscale Lower is better. Motorola Moto X Pure Edition (2015). The CIE 1931 xy color gamut chart represents the set (area) of colors that a display can reproduce, with the sRGB colorspace (the highlighted triangle) serving as reference. The chart also provides a visual representation of a display's color accuracy. The small squares across the boundaries of the triangle are the reference points for the various colors, while the small dots are the actual measurements. Ideally, each dot should be positioned on top of its respective square. The 'x: CIE31' and 'y: CIE31' values in the table below the chart indicate the position of each measurement on the chart. 'Y' shows the luminance (in nits) of each measured color, while 'Target Y' is the desired luminance level for that color. Finally, 'ΔE 2000' is the Delta E value of the measured color. Delta E values of below 2 are ideal.. These measurements are made using SpectraCal's CalMAN calibration software.. Motorola Moto X Pure Edition (2015). The Color accuracy chart gives an idea of how close a display's measured colors are to their referential values. The first line holds the measured (actual) colors, while the second line holds the reference (target) colors. The closer the actual colors are to the target ones, the better.. These measurements are made using SpectraCal's CalMAN calibration software.. Motorola Moto X Pure Edition (2015). The Grayscale accuracy chart shows whether a display has a correct white balance (balance between red, green and blue) across different levels of grey (from dark to bright). The closer the Actual colors are to the Target ones, the better.. These measurements are made using SpectraCal's CalMAN calibration software.. Motorola Moto X Pure Edition (2015). The LG-made Android 5.1 software running on the V10 is incredibly flexible, customizable, versatile, powerful even. It looks like LG wants to let you tweak each and every single aspect of the user interface and its behavior. At first, this may be a fun game to play, but it quickly gets tiring and tedious. Giving the user access to such overwhelming levels of customization has become LG's way of escaping responsibility for its design decisions. You don't like the size of the on-screen keyboard? Well, simply change it! Not a fan of the default sounds for calls and notifications? Choose others then! The Email app isn't formatted clearly? There's got to be a few options in there that will let you tweak things a bit... Our point is, the default state of a big chunk of the LG V10's software isn't particularly smart, or tasteful. The portrait keyboard is tolerable, but the landscape keyboard's design and positioning are terrible. The list of keyboard settings is like an endless labyrinth – they never end! Sooner or later, you'll want to just hit the home button and escape from the horror of it. At least it has a Swype-type input built in, which works well. Once you set your email account up in the Email application, it defaults to manual refresh. After a few missed messages, we felt something wasn't right, thus finding out this weird default setting. And don't get us started on the design of the Email app itself – it's mind-bogglingly amateurish, lacking simply formatting touches to make browsing through the list of messages easier, let alone pleasant. What's even worse is that you can't adjust server directories – something that you DO want to have a setting for. For people who's work duties involve regular email usage, this client is no good. There are other nuisances we can talk about, like the extremely poor choice of wallpapers the LG V10 offers, but we'd rather not. The main takeaway, as far as LG's software experience goes, is that more often than not, you can get it to act well enough, but it'll take time and effort on the user's side, which isn't a price we're looking to pay.. Image: 1 of 19. The LG-made Android 5.1 software running on the V10 is incredibly flexible, customizable, versatile, powerful even. The LG-made Android 5.1 software running on the V10 is incredibly flexible, customizable, versatile, powerful even. This doesn't necessarily apply to the way the secondary screen functions. Most of the time, it gets its job done pretty well without requiring too much input from the user. It is designed to complement whatever is on screen with extra functionality or quick shortcuts to various other features, which is cool. You can hold a bunch of things there, like some of your favorite contacts, or favorite apps, or next calendar event, but our favorite function is the recent apps pane. With it, it's like you constantly have an app switcher on hand – it'll be very practical for heavy users. During the time we spent with the V10, found the secondary display to be a handy little tool. However, we aren't sure if the added functionality warrants the need for an additional display. 5.7 inches are a lot of screen space, maybe LG should have worked on utilizing it in a smarter way with its software, rather than put a second screen. At the very least, apps like QMemo+ (that's the notes app, by the way), don't need to use such gigantic font sizes, especially on a 5.7” QHD display. Seriously, with the on-screen keyboard drawn out, you can see just a few lines of text – considerably less than what you see in the iPhone's Notes app, where the screen is smaller, and the resolution is lower. And don't even think about working with notes in landscape – you'll be left with 2-3 lines of gigantic text on the screen. AnTuTu is a multi-layered, comprehensive mobile benchmark app that assesses various aspects of a device, including CPU, GPU, RAM, I/O, and UX performance. A higher score means an overall faster device.. Motorola Moto X Pure Edition (2015). Vellamo is a multi-layered, comprehensive mobile benchmark app that assesses various aspects of a device, including web browser performance, multi-core performance, and single core speed. Motorola Moto X Pure Edition (2015). Motorola Moto X Pure Edition (2015). Motorola Moto X Pure Edition (2015). The T-Rex HD component of GFXBench is a demanding, GPU-centric test that simulates a graphically-intensive gaming environment on the screen. The results achieved are measured in frames per second, with more frames being better.. Motorola Moto X Pure Edition (2015). If the T-Rex HD component of GFXBench is demanding, then the Manhattan test is downright gruelling. It's a GPU-centric test that simulates an extremely graphically intensive gaming environment that is meant to push the GPU to the max. that simulates a graphically-intensive gaming environment on the screen. The results achieved are measured in frames per second, with more frames being better.. Motorola Moto X Pure Edition (2015). Basemark OS II is a multi-layered, comprehensive mobile benchmark app that assesses various aspects of a device, including system, memory, graphics, web browsing, and camera performance.. Motorola Moto X Pure Edition (2015). Motorola Moto X Pure Edition (2015). Motorola Moto X Pure Edition (2015). 1 2 3 4 5 6 Next ». (Posts: 253; Member since: 08 Oct 2013). posted on 30 Oct 2015, 15:21. Ouch to LG for sure on this one. G4 was basically the same phone and then they just dropped the ball altogether with this model it sounds like.. (Posts: 765; Member since: 31 Mar 2015). posted on 30 Oct 2015, 15:26. The most appealing thing about their phones are body to screen ratios. They make a 5.5" phone feel like a 5.0". They just need a slightly better design and better specs for more recognition.. (Posts: 4; Member since: 03 Nov 2015). posted on 03 Nov 2015, 12:36. As an LG G3 & G2 user I completely agree with what you've just said.. (Posts: 533; Member since: 23 Jun 2012). posted on 05 Nov 2015, 12:38. You mean they used to have good screen to body ratio :( sadly the G4 is bigger than G3 even though they have same screen size. And V10 is bigger than Note5 even though they have same size screen. LG don't seem to be focusing on slim bezels like they used to.. (Posts: 5; Member since: 04 Sep 2014). posted on 06 Nov 2015, 12:06. in response to #124 Hide. The Note 5 does have a 5.7 inch screen, like the V10, but the V10 also has a second screen that measures 2.1 inches. When you account for the extra screen the V10 is more efficient with its screen space than the Note 5. The bezels on the V10 are minuscule and as small as I have seen on a phone with the V10's high end specs.. (Posts: 2637; Member since: 06 Feb 2013). posted on 24 Nov 2015, 03:22. in response to #132 Hide. If that secondary display was integrated to the main display then it would make sense. But since you can only view 5.7 inch as the main display, its not on par with its predecessors or Note 5. Its like HTC has a great screen to body ratio if you consider the boom sound speakers. (Posts: 751; Member since: 07 May 2014). posted on 06 Jun 2016, 17:58. in response to #156 Hide. The second screen is still a screen.. (Posts: 67; Member since: 13 Aug 2015). posted on 30 Oct 2015, 15:38. Numbers on paper mean nothing, can have 100,000 AnTuTu score ...it is known that Samsung railroading the results of the AnTuTu test , when notes 5 and every other samsung when touchfiz bags and lags after a short time, note5 is cluttered with bloatware, plus you have to use the cloud to note 5 because it does not support memory expansion, samsung you looking and spying data and files in the cloud. (Posts: 296; Member since: 08 Aug 2015). posted on 30 Oct 2015, 19:36. The truth is that you are an idiot who doesnt have a note 5,. I have a note 5 and its the fastest phone i have ever used, TW is pretty much slimmed down severely, and you can disabled or uninstall most of the apps, even after countless apps and downloads the performamce still the same, recent update made tge device even smoother,. I have over 6gigs of my music which is gigantic and i use cloud for the rest of my docs, and files,and still have over 60% of storage and that is the 32 gig version. Cloud is safe too, no one is telling you to upload your private data!, private data shouldn't be in yoyr phone from the first place.. (Posts: 26; Member since: 16 May 2012). posted on 02 Nov 2015, 12:11. in response to #43 Hide. Speaking of idiots, I had the Note 5 and filled the memory in 4 hours. It felt horrible in the hand and the battery life was poor. I took it back and got the LG V10. Hands down better than the Note 5. LG gave me an extra battery and charger and 200 gigs of memory. The review couldn't be more wrong. Don't judge a phone by a bench test judge it by how it works. So for the BS I agree it's stopped.. (Posts: 3; Member since: 29 Oct 2015). posted on 04 Nov 2015, 17:22. in response to #108 Hide. I had to go online and submit a form, haven't heard anything back yet about the extra stuff. (Posts: 4; Member since: 05 Nov 2015). posted on 05 Nov 2015, 14:46. in response to #108 Hide. All this fan loyalty regarding Samsung, Apple, LG, whatever should be left aside and focus on what has been left out of the phones and has been a horrible decision of late. The lack of removable batteries, expandable storage, infrared beaming, are ways of the companies making more money and hurting users. In the end the only course of action is to buy their phones that do not hurt users in the long run. Batteries rechargeable life deplete 35% per year. Most people will replace their phones as a result. It also hurts people that need expandable batteries. people that don't have time to recharge the batteries during the day and sit at the desk. Cloud is insecure as we know from all the hacks that have shown new photos of celebrities which was supposedly secure in the most secure cloud on iCloud.Security in iCloud or any cloud is just BS it can and will eventually be hacked.Don't believe me look at the Defense Department that terabytes of data on their new attack stealth plane to the Chinese. The only way to keep DataSafe is off line. That means on a chip that cannot be easily breached and that is why Google has made sdcards very hard/impossible? to gain access to buy any application other than those that have rights to it. It is also why Sdcards are necessary because it can be removed and easily destroyed or locked up in a vault or other secure location, and finally sdcards can and submitted to another computer without going over the air wirelessly for a thus exposing them to another security leak. Each company that makes these decisions not only hurts you financially by making you purchase memory (very limited) at a much higher cost internally on the phone but hurts you security wise. They hurt you with the longevity that you can be in the field and either swap out your battery or use extended batteries. They hurt your ability to use your phone for every day appliances for example turning on and off your TV instead of using your remotes. LG failed by using an inadequate processor and engineering it so that the battery dies in a very short amount of time, along with the ergonomics of the phone especially with the buttons on the back, the inadequate power button and home key, the flimsy case with the plastic and not using gorilla glass. The applications and the system software are snappy but they lack uniformity by the software developers focusing too much of their time on users being able to customize their phones rather than have a seamless and smooth experience - again especially optimizing battery life. What's sad is that you can almost predict how a phone is going to be received in reviews like this before they are ever released and the companies don't seem to care. They designed the phones anyway I'm not sure if it's because they are incompetent or if they're just trying to put out a product out there that will sell X amount of phones ( not worrying about perfection ) and they don't care about the reviews.. (Posts: 2637; Member since: 06 Feb 2013). posted on 24 Nov 2015, 03:30. in response to #126 Hide. Can anyone summarize this? I doubt if anyone read it. (Posts: 751; Member since: 07 May 2014). posted on 06 Jun 2016, 18:04. in response to #126 Hide. I feel sorry for the idiots who love Samsung or LG or Apple or any other brand. A brand does not love you back, a brand does not care for you, they are after your money. Now get whatever phone you like, get whatever phone gives you the best features for the money you spend on them and be happy for it.. (Posts: 2637; Member since: 06 Feb 2013). posted on 24 Nov 2015, 03:26. in response to #108 Hide. If storage matters to you a lot then enjoy your purchase. However, I doubt you got Note 5 coz you mentioned that the battery life was poor compared to LG v10. Anyways, if you like your purchase, thats great.. (Posts: 863; Member since: 02 Feb 2012). posted on 10 Dec 2015, 18:57. in response to #108 Hide. I use my Note 5 all day, and it lasts 2 days without breaking a sweat. If you filled your phone that fast, that's because you got the 32GB instead of the 64GB, and you aren't managing your storage. That's your fault, not the fault of the device. Enjoy that extra battery they gave you, you'll need it.. (Posts: 7; Member since: 06 Dec 2015). posted on 26 Jan 2016, 17:04. in response to #43 Hide. xdza the issue I have is I play my music all day. I have 26GB of music I carry on an SD card. The Note 5 gave me nowhere to put it. Plus I had no replaceable battery which I always keep one charging because my phone is playing my music all day.. (Posts: 686; Member since: 25 Jan 2009). posted on 30 Oct 2015, 22:48. If don't own Note5 then don't talk nonsense. Your comment proof you didn't own or not even have chances to touch it. No single lag is happen in Note5. It is extremely smooth performance and can be said the smoothness and faster android phone. I am ex owner of G4 which also running S808, it is fast but not and can't as fast as Note5.. (Posts: 552; Member since: 30 Apr 2011). posted on 31 Oct 2015, 02:50. Yeah, it's really sad that you said all that without any backup. Google Photo is such a great app to upload photo and will stick with us forever. For music, there's Spotify/Pandora and other mp3 services? Unless you are an audiophile and must have the FLAC and other formats of mp3, then sure you might need extra storage. I got the Note 5 32GB myself, and it's easily one of the fastest phone I have. The extra blotwares does not bother me at all. There's a free 100GB OneDrive from Microsoft. Got my 17GB from Google Drive. Why is memory expansion a problem? Just get that over with. Saying Samsung is spying my data? Well, I think Google, Box.com and Microsoft are. (Posts: 67; Member since: 13 Aug 2015). posted on 31 Oct 2015, 06:14. in response to #67 Hide. it does not mean much if you're not near you wi fi signal, and in places where there is no signal. Many people do not like the cloud because you have no privacy and you are dependent on the Internet. (Posts: 1650; Member since: 20 Aug 2014). posted on 31 Oct 2015, 08:45. in response to #75 Hide. You can wait until you get to wife areas to upload your the cloud.. Its not going to instantly be full. Just as the poster above said about security.. One drive is very secure and if you use it for pics you will be fine. Now what we're you saying about the note 5 being laggy? Yeah it's not existent bud. (Posts: 21; Member since: 25 May 2015). posted on 02 Nov 2015, 06:05. in response to #78 Hide. I own a Galaxy S4 on Verizon, after that experience I will never buy another samsung phone product. And I KNOW their tv's are overrated, LG is far better, and I think if u look past some of the ignorance of him not owning the Note 5, you will see what he is getting at. Verizon and Samsung are just bottlenecking/putting up hurdles on a stock experience, and I do not want to support that as best I can. Go with a moto x pure edition, nexus 6P, something along those lines and get off the consumer mainstream. Please, otherwise progress slams on the brakes.. (Posts: 487; Member since: 15 Aug 2015). posted on 03 Nov 2015, 09:05. in response to #105 Hide. I've owned both an S4 and a Note 5, and I'll have you know the experience is worlds apart on the two phones. The S4, especially on JB and to an extent KK, was a nightmare. Everything crashed and lagged all the time, and even the camera, which was advertised as fast, took 5-10 seconds to launch after a while of regular usage. Lollipop improved the situation greatly, but even then, the Note 5 is not that phone. It's not the same Samsung, not the same experience. It is incredibly fast and efficient, and Samsung seems to be on its way to maintain a good update record. Regarding going with the consumer mainstream, I don't really care. I'm not here to support the underdog if it's an inferior product. I'm here to use a phone that actually works, and does its job well. Motorola has good specs on paper, but it has some of the s**ttiest QC around. I've owned two Motorola products, most recently a 2014 X, and that had issues with QC (namely broken power button, software reliability issues on 5.1, and poor customer support regarding the issues).. (Posts: 2637; Member since: 06 Feb 2013). posted on 24 Nov 2015, 03:41. in response to #105 Hide. Because one product turned u down, the entire range is overrated. (Posts: 3; Member since: 19 Feb 2016). posted on 25 Feb 2016, 06:39. in response to #78 Hide. I'm sorry but cloud is nowhere near being capable of replacing physical storage yet. Internet speed and availability are just not there. Sure you can just "wait until you are near wifi" to upload stuff but what if you need to download some stuff and run out of your monthly quota? Or are not near a cell tower or wifi? And what about music? What, I need to freaking download every track I want to listen to and then delete them again straight afterwards? Sure, I can also stream but once you go FLAC, you won't go back (another benefit of having the DAC in the V10). Not to mention, you can get a 64GB+ microSD card for pretty cheap these days. Why not do this rather than paying a ridiculous premium just to get a minuscule "upgrade" in internal storage? I'll tell you why. Because it makes Samsung more money. Stop your fanboy BS and wake up.. (Posts: 7; Member since: 06 Dec 2015). posted on 06 Dec 2015, 01:18. in response to #67 Hide. Memory is an issue because when streaming music I can blow through my 10 GB plan in a week.. (Posts: 2637; Member since: 06 Feb 2013). posted on 24 Nov 2015, 03:23. I am sad that the truth of Note 5 is so painful to you. Anyways, those who are using are enjoying. (Posts: 2315; Member since: 14 Aug 2014). posted on 30 Oct 2015, 17:40. Imo I think compared to the G4, this maybe should have gotten a lesser score. This as a 7? A little too harsh IMO, you gotta give it to them for optimization on the software and the extra security they added. (Posts: 18; Member since: 30 Oct 2015). posted on 30 Oct 2015, 20:56. The 4gb Ram, is a big deal.. (Posts: 37; Member since: 12 Jan 2012). posted on 02 Nov 2015, 15:47. The fully manual camera with compatibility with Snapseed's RAW is so unbelievably good. The 2nd screen is a lot more convenient than Samsung's edge and more practical, especially when docking the phone in the car and needing quick access to contact/apps/last used contacts/media control. I prefer this screen to any amoled technologies for color especially whites and the nexus lines aren't bright enough. The G4 was washed out but the screen is really great this time around. IR added bonus is also good when at bars or meetings and no one knows where remote is. The phone could be snappier, but considering that qualcomm screwed all phonemakers for the 2015 year and maybe even 2016, I truly believe the 808 was the right choice as I would rather have slower than even slower over long periods/overheating (810 chipset). Unless you have to have a stylus of the note 5, this is the phone to own right now. I was debating and tried out the note 5 (hate amoled whites, touchwiz too bloated, no external sd card to take advantage of 4k recording, hardware root trip invalidates warranty), moto x pure (no tmobile band 12 support yet, no tmobile wifi calling, no camera2 api support), sony z5 (expensive, not available in usa, prob no band 12 since tombile not offering, sony might die and no OS upgrades) and nexus 6p (no external SD, no OIS especially for video) before choosing the V10. All the phones had cons, but the v10 had the least and most acceptable.. * Some comments have been hidden, because they don't meet the discussions rules.. 1 2 3 4 5 6 Next ». Want to comment? Please login or register .. Display 5.7 inches, 1440 x 2560 pixels (515 ppi) IPS LCD. Size 6.28 x 3.12 x 0.34 inches (159.6 x 79.3 x 8.6 mm). Battery 3000 mAh, 10 hours talk time. Qualcomm Snapdragon 808, Hexa-core, 1800 MHz, ARM Cortex-A57 and ARM Cortex-A53 processor 4 GB RAM. $290 Buy. Gear S4 may come with a blood pressure monitor, Samsung patent reveals. Google Pay launches today, but its most important feature is not here yet. Galaxy S9 and S9+ previewed in glorious detail with full specs and release date. Galaxy S9 and S9+ price and release date on Verizon, AT&T, T-Mobile and Best Buy. The Samsung Galaxy S9 and S9+ have game-changing cameras with variable aperture and 960fps slow-mo video recording. The Big Barcelona Camera Comparison: iPhone X vs Pixel 2 XL vs Note 8. Samsung Galaxy S9 and S9+ rumor review: Specs, design, features, price and release date. Samsung Galaxy A8 (2018) Review 6.5. Sony Xperia XA2 and Xperia XA2 Ultra Review 7.8. Huawei Mate 10 Lite Review 8. Jabra Elite 65t wireless earphones Review 8.5. Samsung Galaxy Note 3 vs Samsung Galaxy Note 2. LG V30 Review 8.8. Sony presents Xperia XZ2 and XZ2 Compact: new design and Snapdragon 845. Galaxy S9 Exynos edition gets benchmarked against rivals!. Galaxy S9 first camera comparison vs iPhone X, V30, S8. Samsung Galaxy S9 & S9+ hands-on. MWC 2018: top smartphones to expect. Best smartphone you can buy in 2018. Allo is a quality app, but Google isn't giving it a real chance. All content (phone reviews, news, specs, info), design and layouts are Copyright 2001-2018 phoneArena.com. Reproduction in whole or in part or in any form or medium without written permission is prohibited! Privacy. 
The LG V10 is a bigger, beefier LG G4 with more camera features, a Second Screen and two front-facing cameras for dual-angle selfies. And it's not a bad phone by any stretch of the imagination. But it's really big, and really beefy.. Excellent camera, now with manual video mode. It's a really big phone. And among the heaviest we've used. It's been quite some time since we've seen LG wade into the oversized phone market —. that is, the "phablet" category that has since morphed into the mainstream phone size. A couple years ago we had the likes of the Galaxy Note from Samsung, and LG's response, the G Pro. LG's answer only lasted two models, though — with the sequel never even making it to the United States.. The V10 is the start of a new 'creators' series of LG phones —. That was a good year and a half ago — a lifetime (and then some) in terms of mobile electronics. LG has returned to the oversized market in late 2015 with a new line, the V series, to complement the G series. And the first in this new line is the V10.. The G4 (and the G5 to come after it) is the more mainstream phone, for those who want to consume material. The V10 is for those who are serious about creating it. That might sound a little off-putting to those who have been enjoying the G4 for months now —. it's been among our favorite Android phones of the year and hardly is what we'd consider a slouch in the content creation department. So it'll be interesting to see which features remain exclusive to the V line, and which features also make an appearance in the G series.. But the differences between the V10 and G4 are readily apparent. And, yes, it's got a second screen, which is one of those things that we see manufacturers try every now and then, usually without much success. So will LG fare any better?. This is our full LG V10 review.. Dual 5MP (80/120 degrees) front-facing cameras. We're writing this review after a week of use with a Korean model of the V10. That is, it's the SK Telecom version (LG-F600S). And that means a couple things. First is that it's loaded with Korea-specific software that we'll never see in the U.S. (And that's mostly in Korean anyway —. and I don't read Korean.) It's running Android 5.1.1 (Build LMY47V), which should be on par with what we get from the U.S. The bigger difference is that this phone isn't banded for the U.S. So while we were able to see some LTE data on both AT&T and T-Mobile, things were bouncing around all over the place. And that wreaks havoc on battery life. So we'll update with more on that once we've got U.S. We also had the V10 connected to a Moto 360 (2015) for the entirety of our testing time, which made the LG Watch Urbane very jealous.. We've had a chance to use the T-Mobile branded version of the V10 for about a week. We've used it across the full spectrum of T-Mobile's network, from edge to LTE and everywhere in-between. The V10 was able to find a solid T-Mobile signal in places where there was one to be found, and stayed latched on. Network speeds were as expected, with no weird slow downs or spotty coverage compared to other T-Mobile phones in the same areas. Wifi calling and HD calling worked beautifully, with clear audio on both sides and seamless integration.. The battery life was better than expected. During day-to-day use — a little web browsing, a lot of email, texts, calls and games — sent me to bed with plenty of juice left. I would recommend that you charge the V10 every night, but with the right management you could probably get two days between charges.. GPS, Wifi and Bluetooth worked as expected (read: no issues) and pairing with an LG G Watch went fine, and had no appreciable effect on battery life.. You'll notice that US versions are going to come with a bit of software bloat. Some of this can be disabled or uninstalled, while some of it can't. Everything you see above comes standard on the T-Mobile version.. In the end, our 64GB version had about 49GB free, with just over 2GB worth of pre-installed apps. Of course, you can insert a microSD card to expand your storage as you see fit.. In case you missed it, this is a really big smartphone.. It's fair to say that the V10 is a larger G4. And it's quite a bit larger in all respects. having been upsized from a 5.5-inch display to a 5.7-inch beast. And it absolutely feels bigger —. In fact, the overall feel — that in-the-hand thing we love to lean on —. perhaps is the biggest differentiator here. It's not that the G4 is a tiny phone by any stretch, but the V10 is nearly a full centimeter taller, and the edges are thicker. That gives the phone a decidedly larger look and feel, period. Toss in that it's about 24 percent heavier than the G4 —. my scale's showing 195 grams for the V10 —. and this thing's the second-heaviest phone I've ever used. (The heaviest was the HTC One Max .). Every night I tickle my 5-year-old daughter's hand as she goes to sleep, with a couple songs off the Frozen soundtrack playing through whatever phone is on me at the time. The V10 is the first phone that has actually made my arm a little sore by the end of "Let it Go." (The second one, with Demi Lovato, if you must know.). Part of what's making this phone so heavy is the steel frame that's part of the we-dare-you-to-drop-it construction of the V10. The back is done in what LG calls "Dura Skin" —. which sounds more like a prophylactic than a silicone back, but whatever. It's a stiff, textured rubber that doesn't feel horrible and gives the phone some grip. And it's a nice contrast to the slick metal sides —. (And the phone's nicely balanced, so there's that, too.). Dura Skin and Dura Guard — just fancy names for steel and rubber.. And despite being a good bit larger, the rear buttons of the V10 —. done in the same volume-up/power/volume down vertical as we've come to know and love from LG. are easily within reach, even for my undersized hands. That's even more important now that LG's added a fingerprint scanner to the power button.. I've got a couple issues with that button setup this time around, however. and it's possible that this is a hardware discrepancy limited to my unit —. is that there's a little bit of lateral travel in the button. The G4 power and volume buttons were made up of two moving pieces, with the power button seated inside the volume rocker, and both pieces are rock-solid. In the V10, the singular button slides up and down and side to side ever so slightly. It's not a huge deal, but it's noticeable.. My other gripe is with the implementation of the fingerprint sensor itself. It's easy enough to set up. If you've ever used one before with Android, you know what you're getting into. You first set up a PIN or password on the phone —. just in case you lose a finger or something —. and then you can enroll a fingerprint to serve as the unlocking mechanism. The setup guide is quick and clear, and I probably manage to unlock the phone on the first try about 90 percent of the time.. The fingerprint scanner is good, but it can't wake the phone.. The V10 is like previous phones with fingerprint scanners in that you actually have to wake it before using your finger to unlock it. That is, unlike the new Nexus phones, you can't just stick your finger on the scanner and have it wake and unlock simultaneously.. The problem arises when I'm pulling the phone from my pocket. While the V10 has an always-on Second Screen (more on that in a minute), it's not actually always on. The Second Screen shuts off when the V10 is in your pocket, which makes sense. But when I'm pulling the phone out of my pocket I'm able to get my finger in place and press the power button before the Second Screen wakes. And if you do that ... (You can replicate this by sticking a finger over the sensor window next to the earpiece. The Second Screen will shut off, and you can't wake the phone until the Second Screen wakes.). I might be a little extra-sensitive to this having been bouncing from the Galaxy Note 5 to the Nexus 5X and the HTC One A9 and the V10 —. but just be aware that this is a thing. The fingerprint scanner works really well —. and you can use it to lock the Gallery and QMemo+ apps as well —. it's just that waking the phone isn't as seamless as what you get with the new Nexus phones running Android 6.0 Marshmallow.. LG V10 Second Screen & Selfies. LG is trying what several others have tried before —. Whether the V10's Second Screen (that's the official name) will work for you very much depends on how you like to use your phone. And there are a couple ways to look at the Second Screen.. The first is that it's an always-on (OK, again, nearly always-on) display. Time, date, battery and weather are always at the ready in the top right corner of the screen. And the notifications that you're used to seeing stretched across the top of the screen end up there as well, and you get used to it eventually, though it is a little weird no longer looking at the left edge of the phone for the first word of a notification. Music controls are handy there, as are shortcuts for contacts. I've not used the app shortcuts at all, however —. it's just faster for me to hit the multitasking button or hop back to the home screen than it is to hit that screen with my free hand.. A relatively minor but also noticeable difference in this sort of always-on screen is that we're dealing with an LCD display here, and not AMOLED. If I wake up in the middle of the night —. which old guys like me are prone to do —. I definitely notice the light bleed. Instead of just the pixels being displayed being lit up, the rear of the screen is doing the work. problem and not really something you'll notice during the day, though.. When the phone is sleeping you get date, time and weather, music controls and a few quick settings.. If the Second Screen just isn't for you, you can turn it off in the settings menu. (And wind up with a huge black bezel above the display.) You also can choose to not have the Second Screen light up when the main screen is off. The Second Screen is nicely implemented, but I just didn't find it all that useful.. Would I buy the V10 just for the Second Screen? Probably not. But it's an interesting and mostly innocuous feature to have.. Finally there's the matter of the two front-facing cameras. One shoots at 80 degrees, the other at a much wider 120 degrees. We've got examples in the camera section of this review, but it's just a fun way to take different-looking selfies. (From a more sociological point of view, LG is hoping the wide-angle shots will help put an end to the scourge that is the selfie stick. We're not holding our breath, however.). So, the short version: The LG V10 basically is a larger LG G4. It's one of the heaviest phones we've used as well. But LG still does well to keep things as svelte as possible. The steel frame and rubber back (seriously, we're not saying "Dura Guard" and "Dura Skin" anymore than is absolutely necessary) make for a rigid phone, and should protect against drops, which is all the rage these days.. Great features, but the overall UI still needs work.. There's really not a whole lot to say about the software on the V10 that we haven't said before about the G4. Not much has changed in that department, save for the new features exclusive to the V10.. That the phone is running Android 5.1.1 (and the distinction over Android 5.1.0 is an important one) is a bit of a cause for consternation. On one hand Android 6.0 Marshmallow is only a few weeks old at this point, and the V10 has plenty of custom code in it that requires testing.. But on the other hand, we're tired of singing this same tune year after year, with phones released right as new code is coming out —. as if nobody knew the timing of Google's major releases. In any event, LG says it hopes to get Marshmallow onto the V10 by the end of the year, or in early January at the outside. We'll keep our fingers crossed but not hold our breath.. Otherwise, we're looking at LG's ever-improving-but-still-overbearing user interface, full of things that you either love or never use. A number of the headaches from the G4 remain. You can't set the phone to mute using the volume buttons, for instance. (Even Google has acknowledged that was a bad idea.) LG's quick settings menu still uses way too much screen space, but at least you can still get rid of the brightness and volume sliders. Hopefully some of that will be addressed with the Android 6.0 update. And a reminder here that we've using a Korean model, so there's a ton of custom carrier stuff on our review unit that would make even Verizon envious.. The LG G4 has had one of our favorite cameras of 2015 —. And a good bit of that reason has to do with the ease of the automatic modes, and the additional control you get if you switch to manual mode and shoot RAW.. remember, the gist of this new series revolves around content creation —. goes a step or two further this time around. We've got manual control over video. Just like with still pictures you've got full control over the things like exposure and focus and white balance. But the really neat trick this time around are the addition options for frame rate. Manual video mode lets you shoot in the more traditional 30 or 60 frames per second —. but you also can switch to a more cinematic 24 frames per second. (There also are options for 1- and 2-fps time lapse videos there as well.). There are a ton of things to play around with here, and you'll want to mix and match to see what works best for you. (Shooting in 24 or 30 fps, for example, also gets you optical image stabilization.) Also be sure to keep an eye on that Second Screen —. the extra real estate means more room for buttons, and you get a cool little zoom wheel when you're shooting video, for smoother transitions.. Do you have to use any of this? Nah. But it's a lot of fun to play around with, and it'll help give your videos a unique look and feel. You'll just need to take a little more time composing things, is all. For quick shooting, just use manual mode.. Manufacturers for years have played around with ways to make it easier for you to come away with edited video that goes beyond single-take shooting. HTC maybe was the first to make this a prime-time feature with Zoe, which would shoot a few seconds of video (with jpg byproducts) and combine it with traditional video and still images for a cohesive highlight video.. The V10 does things a little different with its Snap Movie mode. you shoot in the order you want things to appear —. and you tap for a 3-second video, or hold for longer, for a total of up to 60 seconds. You can delete any clips that aren't that good, but, again, you can't rearrange them. Once you're happy with it, you save the video. LG's also got filters and background music you can add. Kinda like a manual Zoe and Highlights video.). My biggest disappointment with this was that none of the clips is saved individually —. it's all compiled into the finished video. Maybe I'm just conflating things with the Zoes of old —. especially being able to extra still frames from the moving shots was great —. but I can't help but feel something's missing here, even though Snap View is a simple way to create a video with multiple cuts. Also — be mindful of when it starts and stops recording. You can tell I didn't quite get the timing right.. Another feature you don't need to overthink is the dual-selfie cameras on the front of the V10. One shoots at an 80-degree angle (think closer-up), and the other is a wider 120 degrees. There are a couple of obvious buttons that toggle between the two, with a cool animated transition when you're switching.. But it's the new multi-view mode (available from the "Modes" button when you're using either the front or rear camera) that's more fun, as it flips through the rear and both front lenses, giving you a three-shot (or two, or four —. you have choices) picture with a different look and feel. The important part is that it's really easy to use. They're also available for video as part of Snap View.. We've sort of glossed over traditional uses for the V10 camera —. because aside form the features above this is the same platform as the LG G4. And that is to say it's been damned impressive —. right up there with the Samsung Galaxy Note 5 as my favorite smartphone camera this year.. Again, this essentially the camera from the LG G4 when it comes to shooting still images. And we're absolutely OK with that.. One more cool addition from LG is a quicker way to share a picture you just took, by way of a little shortcuts menu in the camera app itself. It's a little slow to wake up after you take a picture, but look for it it next to the gallery shortcut.. It doesn't save you that much in the way of times or taps —. it just means you don't have to go into the gallery to your picture and then hit the share button and then choose which app to kick the pic too. It's just a nice little touch, and it's nicely implemented.. I'm not normally one to buy in to tech specs when it comes to audio —. and to be clear we're talking about what's coming out the 3.5 mm headphone jack and not the speaker. There are so many variables at work. The quality of the source recording. The method by which you're playing it back (streaming or locally). Whether your ears are shot in the first place from way too many nights in front of a half-stack turned to 11 chugging through Metallica covers in high school and beyond, heads banging in unison, sweat stinking up your drummer's non-air-conditioned shed.. Whether you can spot the differences (and whether they actually mean anything to you) ... But that's not to say that there aren't difference between phones. And side by side with the LG G4 and Nexus 5X, I can hear a difference in the V10 audio. And that's before I turn on the 32-bit DAC option in settings and listen to a FLAC file in LG's music app, which hooks into the improved audio options. (Google Play Music, on the other hand, doesn't.). Is that a reason to buy the V10? Maybe. But it's something to demand in all high-end phones, really. There also are a few neat audio options in the manual video mode. You can choose whether you want more sound to come from the rear or front of the phone, you can boost (or lower) the gain, and you can apply a wind noise filter.. Lest we forget, the speaker on the V10 is kinda disappointing. It's not quite as loud as I expected, and it tends to sound a bit overdriven. No problems with GPS or Wifi (maybe that's finally been fixed?) or Bluetooth or anything on the V10. Android Auto works out of the box. LG's keyboard app is OK, but I still went with a third-party option. We'll update with better storage numbers when we have a U.S. version of the phone in hand —. I've got around 43GB available internally between all of LG's stuff (again, this has extra Korea software) and all of my stuff. I've had no issues with overheating of times in which I thought the processor was struggling to get things done. I'd forgotten that you can take pictures with the phone when you're holding it horizontally and wearing sunglasses. At least not if you want to see what's on the screen. (Well, with my sunglasses, that is.). Should you buy it? Sure, but .... I've warned a few times in this review against overthinking things. The V10 isn't an overly complicated phone. It's essentially a beefed up LG G4, both in its physicality, and to a lesser extent what's under the hood (with the extra gigabyte of RAM).. G4 lovers know why this is a great phone — and will want the extra software options.. In a week of testing the phone's performed as I'd have expected —. and I've yet to see any of the software slowdowns that plagued the G4 in its early days. (Whether that's due to updated software or the extra RAM or just the ghosts that tend to inhabit these devices, I dunno.) Again, battery life (and any real concerns about heat; of which I've had none with this Korean model) will have to wait for a U.S. version of the phone to reach us.. But the whole "V10 is for content creators" line just sort of rubs me the wrong way. Is it because the phone's bigger? Or just because it has extra camera features that, while fun, sort of feel like they very well could be in the G4, should LG want that to happen.. And the Second Screen, while a bit distracting when it comes to notifications, allows for some interesting additions to LG's app layouts —. but I wouldn't go so far as to say it revolutionizes the overall experience or anything. Is that what content creators were lacking in the G4? Not really. It's a just a different feature, really.. Ignoring that whole thing about who this phone is for, though, and what you walk away with is a very solid, very impressive phone.. Just like with the LG G4, there's not one standout reason to avoid the V10. That is, so long if you're OK with a really big phone —. about the size of the Motorola Nexus 6, only 10 grams heavier —. and if you're OK with LG's software and whatever the U.S. carriers end up doing to it.. Really, this phone is about the size and the extra features. But if you just need a really good everyday smartphone and camera? The G4 might serve you better and be easier on your wrists.. Pixel 2 & Pixel 2 XL. Careers: Writer | Dev. 
account Coverage Deals Devices Plans & Services. T-mobile.com | Español Account Check your usage Coverage Deals Rebates Promotional Credits Devices Choose a device SIM cards Software updates Tutorials Plans & Services DIGITS T-Mobile ONE JUMP! Manage your data service News & Updates Ask our community Contact Us Log In / Sign Up. Support Ask our community Log in / Register Support. Error: You don't have JavaScript enabled. This tool uses JavaScript and much of it will not work correctly without it enabled. Please turn JavaScript back on and reload this page.. Log in to follow, share, and participate in this community.. Not a member? Join Now!. Find ways to contact us now. Español About Investor relations Press Careers Deutsche Telekom Puerto Rico Privacy Policy Privacy & Security Resources Consumer Information Public Safety/911 TERMS & CONDITIONS Terms of Use Accessibility Open Internet. Other T-Mobile sites My T-Mobile T-Mobile.com T-Mobile Prepaid T-Mobile Puerto Rico T-Mobile Refer-a-Friend. Popular tasks Check coverage Check order status Find a store Refill your Prepaid account Shop phones, tablets, & accessories Trade in your device Unlock your device. Business Wireless that works for your business Business support. Featured Services JUMP! Stateside International Napster unRadio. 
This web site uses cookies to improve your experience. By viewing our content, you are accepting the use of cookies. To find out more and change your cookie settings, please. Newsletters All Writers Log In to ZDNET Join ZDNet About ZDNet Preferences Community Newsletters Log Out. LG V10 review: Bigger, stronger, and better than the LG G4. | November 5, 2015 -- 19:53 GMT (03:53 GMT+08:00). Reasonable price for high end device. Excellent camera with unique video recording functionality. Functional use of area above display. Backlight auto settings still too low. Out of the box impressions Specifications Processor : Qualcomm Snapdragon 808 1.8 GHz hexa-core 64-bit Displays : 5.7 inch Quantum IPS 2560 x 1440 pixels resolution, 513 ppi, Corning Gorilla Glass 4. Secondary 2.1 inch IPS Quantum display 160 x 1040 pixels Operating system : Android 5.1.1 Lollipop RAM : 4GB LPDDR3 Storage : 64GB internal storage with microSD card slot Cameras : Rear 16 megapixel camera with f/1.8 aperture. Dual 5 megapixel front-facing cameras, one with 80 degree lens and the other with 120 degrees Sensors : Rear fingerprint, proximity, motion, compass, gyro, barometer, Android Sensor Hub Wireless : Bluetooth 4.1, 802.11 a/b/g/n/ac WiFi, GPS, NFC Battery : User replaceable 3,000 mAh battery with fast charging support Dimensions : 159.6 x 79.3 x 8.6 mm and 192 grams Hardware. Software Pricing and competition Summary and conclusions. I put the LG G4 in fifth place in my recent best 10 smartphones post but I didn't show the LG V10 the respect it deserves. After using the T-Mobile LG V10 for more than a week, I think it would honestly challenge the Note 5 and iPhone 6s Plus as the top dog available today.. The LG V10 improves on the already excellent LG G4 with a bigger screen, more RAM, fingerprint scanner, and more polished fit and finish. The LG V10 also adds manual controls for video recording, making these two latest LG smartphones some of the most capable cameraphones available today.. Samsung Galaxy S9: Pricing, pre-order and launch dates. The best and worst of the MWC. The best VPN services: Out 10 favorite vendors for protecting your privacy. Running Windows 10? Here's how Microsoft plans to milk more profits out of its cash cow. I was sent an evaluation unit from LG that came in a plain cardboard box, not a typical retail experience. The first thing that caught my attention when I took it out of the box was the feel of the stainless steel frame running along both sides of the LG V10. They are smooth with an angled design that has brushed steel on the upper portion and a glossy finish on the outermost side and bottom. These frame pieces taper into the hard plastic top and bottom pieces, offering up a very professional look and feel.. The LG V10 is also a heavy phone, weighing in at 192 grams. For comparison, the iPhone 6s Plus weighs 172 and the Samsung Galaxy Note 5 weighs 171 grams. It's not necessarily a bad thing, but something to note before you purchase one for yourself.. The specifications are top notch for the LG V10 with a focus on the media capture and creation experience. There is no wireless charging out of the box, but there should be a Qi-compatible back cover in the future.. The LG V10 is dominated by the large 5.7 inch IPS display on the front that looks great. It's not AMOLED so the colors don't pop like they do on the Samsung Note 5, but the display gives you a more real life experience.. As I look at the other phones in my gear bag and on my desk, there is empty black space located up above the display adjacent to the front facing camera. LG smartly uses this area to squeeze in a 2.1 inch long display, advertised as a secondary display. Given that the bezel below the display is reasonably small, LG was able to add this in while keeping the height of the LG V10 just about the same as the Nexus 6P, iPhone 6s Plus, and Samsung Galaxy Note 5. See my discussion in the software section regarding what you can do with this cool new addition.. LG uses a high quality matte plastic above and below the display and on the top and bottom. The LG V120 is built with a stainless steel frame, dual-layer glass display, and rugged textured back. These design elements contribute to its shock resistant rating. It passed the MIL-STD 810G Method 516.6 Transit Drop test, which means it survives 4-foot drops onto two inches of plywood over concrete on every face, edge, and corner. It also passed an enhanced version of the test that consisted of 26 drops from four feet onto a concrete surface. While you should not test your own device with these criteria, it's good to know the LG V10 is likely to survive your typical smartphone drop.. The sides of the phone are what you hang onto when it is in your hand and I personally love the substantial feel of the stainless steel side rails. LG calls the stainless steel frame Dura Guard and notes it is corrosion resistant and hypoallergenic. On the back you will find a patterned silicone cover that LG calls Dura Skin. It feels great, does not collect lint, and is flexible.. In typical LG fashion, the volume and power buttons are centered on the back. LG has also added a fingerprint scanner to the center power button. For some reason there is a bit of "play" in this button, but the fingerprint scanner has performed flawlessly for me. The camera, laser focus, and flash are all positioned above these center buttons.. The IR blaster and one of the three mics are positioned at the top while the microUSB, headphone jack, and speaker are found on the bottom.. The headphone jack isn't just your typical one either. It includes a 32-bit Hi-Fi digital to analog converter (DAC) so you can experience sound at a very high level.. LG V10 image gallery and screenshots. 1 - 5 of 22. LG includes the same excellent 16 megapixel found in the G4, with some software enhancements to improve video recording capability. Interestingly, they also include two front-facing 5 megapixel cameras. One has an 80 degree angle lens while the other has a 120 degree wide-angle lens. You can see the results in my sample photo below. LG advertises these camera options as a way to get rid of selfie sticks.. Given that the new HTC One A9 is launching with Marshmallow, I am a little disappointed that we don't see Marshmallow here on the LG V10. LG is starting to roll out this update to the LG G4 so I imagine we will see it come to the LG V10 early in 2016.. The same user interface that LG launched with on the LG G4 is present in the LG V10. This custom UI provides tons of user customization options, but is also "heavier" than stock Android. I personally like the customization options that include custom vibrations, reorganization and selection of the home screen buttons, custom font types and sizes, location-based smart settings, and a whole lot more.. The second screen I detailed in the hardware section above is also user-customizable. You can choose to fully turn off the second screen or customize what appears there with the display on and off. To view the different content that you select, you simply swipe left or right to slide to the next content screen. When the main display is on, you can choose to show app shortcuts, recent apps, quick contacts, your signature, music player controls, and you upcoming events and tasks.. Up to five application shortcuts can be selected. For my current usage I have Twitter, Facebook, calculator, clock, and settings up in the second screen. Recent apps shows you the last five apps you used and with this second screen I find that I use the task switcher far less on the LG V10.. You can add up to five contacts for the quick contacts screen. Tapping on a contact gives you options to call or text them, all appearing up in the small secondary display area.. The signature option is just for fun, but it does give you the ability to add a personal touch to the device. As you can see in my screenshots, I have Captain Solo appearing in cursive on the LG V10.. When the display is off, you can have the signature or date/time shown. By default, when the main display is off you can swipe from right to left to view profile, WiFi, flashlight, and camera shortcuts. These cannot be customized, but are exactly the options I would choose and I have been enjoying quick access to these options.. Since this is a carrier version, there are several T-Mobile apps and utilities installed on the LG V10. These include App Source, device unlock, Lookout, Mobile HotSpot, Mobile Money, T-Mobile My Account, T-Mobile Name ID, T-Mobile TV, and Visual Voicemail. I'm sure AT&T and Verizon will load up versions of the LG V10 with even more bloatware. You can disable some of these, but none can be fully removed.. There are only a few LG apps installed out of the box, but you do have access to LG SmartWorld if you wish to add more. By default, you will see LG's calendar, file manager, image gallery, LG Backup, LG Health, QuickMemo+, QuickRemote, Voice Command, and Voice Recorder. It's nice to see LG still has an IR blaster to help you control your media with your phone.. The camera is a major focus of the LG V10 and thus the camera software is extensive. The first place to start is over on the left side of the viewfinder where you have icons for simple, auto photos, manual photos, auto videos, and manual videos. If you simply want to point and shoot, then just use the simple mode to see a nice clean interface appear in the viewfinder.. However, if you are buying the LG V10, then you are likely buying it for the amazing camera capabilities. Auto modes include multi-view, panorama, slow motion, and time lapse. HDR auto, timers, various resolutions, voice-activated shutter, grids, and image stabilization controls are all present.. Manual mode for both photos and videos is rather stunning. In this mode you have full control over everything that let's you capture content just like a professional. I'm not an experienced photographer so it is extremely handy to view your settings live right in the viewfinder. This means you know exactly what you are capturing, which is even more than most DSLRs can provide to the photographer.. One area where the LG V10 stands out from other high end smartphones is the price. It's much lower than the competition and helps establish LG as the flagship manufacturer with reasonable prices.. The LG V10 is available with 64GB of internal storage and a microSD card slot with a price on T-Mobile of just $600. Compare that to the 64GB Google Nexus 6P at $549 (with no memory expansion), the 64GB Samsung Galaxy Note 5 at $780 (again with no memory expansion) and the 64GB Apple iPhone 6s Plus at $849 (yet again with no memory expansion) and you can see the LG V10 is quite a steal.. To make the deal even sweeter, LG has a special launch promo where you get a free 200GB microSD card, extra 3,000 mAh battery, and battery charging cradle. That's a $300 value bundle if you buy the LG V10 at T-Mobile, Verizon, or AT&T.. Even with AT&T and Verizon's higher $700 and $672 prices, respectively, you still save money compared to the Note 5 or iPhone 6s Plus.. The LG V10 is just about the same size as the iPhone 6s Plus and Nexus 6P, which means it's a big phone. The smooth stainless steel side rails help it feel a bit narrower than it is. The back patterned silicone helps you hold onto the phone as well.. LG set the bar for Android smartphone cameras this year with the LG G4 and that same camera appears here with some improvements in video recording capability. An extra camera was added to the front to make selfies more functional as well.. Rather than black dead space above the main display like other phones, LG used some of that space to create a convenient secondary display that I find more useful than the side display on the Note Edge.. Everything I loved about the LG G4 is here in the LG V10 with improvements made in the fit and finish. If you like the LG G4 and don't mind the bump in size and weight, then you will love the LG V10. LG doesn't seem to get much respect in the smartphone space, but when its flagship offers more for less it deserves to be recognized for its innovations.. Kick off your day with ZDNet's daily email newsletter. It's the freshest tech news and opinion, served hot. Fujitsu Lifebook E558 review: Configurable and well-connected. Honor 9 Lite review: Leader of the affordable Android pack. Apple iMac Pro (late 2017) review: An AIO for the Pro crowd. Apple HomePod review: Leaves a stain but not a strong impression. Please review our terms of service to complete your newsletter subscription. By registering you become a member of the CBS Interactive family of sites and you have read and agree to the Terms of Use , Privacy Policy and Video Services Policy. You agree to receive updates, alerts and promotions from CBS and that CBS may share information about you with our marketing partners so that they may contact you by email or otherwise about their products or services.. You will also receive a complimentary subscription to the ZDNet's Tech Update Today and ZDNet Announcement newsletters. You may unsubscribe from these newsletters at any time.. You have been successfully signed up. To sign up for more newsletters or to manage your account, visit the Newsletter Subscription Center .. Privacy Policy | Cookies | Ad Choice | Advertise | Terms of Use | Mobile User Agreement. Select Site CBS Cares CBS Films CBS Radio CBS.com CBSInteractive CBSNews.com CBSSports.com Chowhound CNET College Networks GameSpot Last.fm MaxPreps Metacritic.com Moneywatch mySimon Radio.com Search.com Shopper.com Showtime TechRepublic The Insider TV.com UrbanBaby.com ZDNet. Manage | Log Out. 
Select the department you want to search in. Sign in Account & Lists Sign in Account & Lists Orders Try Prime Cart. Your Amazon.com Today's Deals Gift Cards Registry Sell Help Disability Customer Support. Cell Phones & Accessories Carrier Phones Unlocked Phones Prime Exclusive Phones Accessories Cases Wearable Technology Best Sellers Deals Trade-In All Electronics. Comment: Item comes with original charger, charging cable and a 90 day warranty through us. Fulfillment by Amazon (FBA) is a service we offer sellers that lets them store their products in Amazon's fulfillment centers, and we directly pack, ship, and provide customer service for these products. Something we hope you'll especially enjoy: FBA items qualify for FREE Shipping and Amazon Prime.. If you're a seller, Fulfillment by Amazon can help you increase your sales. learn more about Fulfillment by Amazon. Turn on 1-Click ordering for this browser. Get up to a $65.05 Gift Card.. LG V10 H901 64GB Space Black - T-Mobile. This item at this price, sold by Amazon.com, is currently reserved exclusively for Prime members. Prime free trial and invitee customers: We will automatically apply an Amazon.com Gift Card to your Gift Card Balance in the amount equal to the Prime exclusive discount after you become a paid Prime member. If you cancel your paid Prime membership or return the qualifying smartphone within the first 3 months of your paid Prime membership, we may void your Gift Card or charge you in the amount of the Gift Card. Terms and Conditions apply.. Available from these sellers .. 5,7-inch IPS LCD Capacitive Touchscreen, 1440 x 2560 pixel resolution (~515ppi pixel density) + Corning Gorilla Glass 4 - Secondary Display: 160 x 1040 pixels, 2.1 inch. Android v5.1 Lollipop, Chipset: Qualcomm Snapdragon 808 MSM8992, Processor: Hexa-Core (Quad-Core 1.4 GHz Cortex-A53 & Dual-Core 1.8 GHz Cortex-A57), GPU: Adreno 418. 16 Megapixel Camera with f/1.8, laser autofocus, OIS, LED flash, 1/2.6" sensor size, geo-tagging, touch focus, face/smile detection, panorama, HDR + 5 Megapixel Duo Front Camera with f/2.2; Video Capture: 2160p @ 30fps, 1080p @ 30fps, 720p @ 120fps, HDR, Stereo Sound Rec.. Internal Memory: 64 GB, 4GB RAM expandable via microS card. WLAN: Wi-Fi 802.11 a/b/g/n/ac, dual-band, Wi-Fi Direct, DLNA, hotspot; Bluetooth: v4.1, A2DP, LE, aptX; GPS: Yes, with A-GPS, GLONASS; NFC: Yes; Infrared Port: Yes; Radio: FM Radio; USB: microUSB v2.0 (SlimPort 4K). This product is available as Certified Refurbished.. LG V10 H901 64GB Space Black Smartphone for T-Mobile (Certified Refurbished). Works and looks like new and backed by a warranty. This shopping feature will continue to load items. In order to navigate out of this carousel please use your heading shortcut key to navigate to the next or previous heading.. Customers who viewed this item also viewed. Page 1 of 1 Start over Page 1 of 1. LG V10 H901 64GB Space Black Smartphone for T-Mobile (Certified Refurbished). LG V20 64GB Titan Gray Tmobile. LG V10 H901 64GB Space Black - T-Mobile GSM Unlocked. LG V10 H900 64GB Unlocked GSM 4G LTE Hexa-Core Smartphone w/ 16MP Camera - Black. LG V10 H900 64GB Unlocked GSM 4G LTE Hexa-Core Smartphone w/ 16MP Camera - Blue (Certified Refurbished). LG V10 Unlocked Smartphone - International Version (White). This shopping feature will continue to load items. In order to navigate out of this carousel please use your heading shortcut key to navigate to the next or previous heading.. Customers who bought this item also bought. Page 1 of 1 Start over Page 1 of 1. Spigen Rugged Armor LG V10 Case with Resilient Shock Absorption and Carbon Fiber Design for LG V10 - Black. [2-Pack] Supershieldz for LG V10 Tempered Glass Screen Protector, Anti-Scratch, Anti-Fingerprint, Bubble Free, Lifetime Replacement Warranty. OtterBox Defender Cell Phone Case for LG V10 - Retail Packaging - Black. LG V10 Case, Starshop [Heavy Duty] Dual Layers Kickstand Case With [Premium Screen Protector Included] and Locking Belt Clip (Black). LG V10 Case, OBLIQ [Shock Absorption][Flex Pro] [Black] Slim Fit Scratch Resist Protective Case for LG V10. PThink® 2.5D Round Edge 0.3mm Tempered Glass Screen Protector for LG V10 with 9H Hardness/Anti-scratch/Shatterproof/Fingerprint resistant (LG V10). This shopping feature will continue to load items. In order to navigate out of this carousel please use your heading shortcut key to navigate to the next or previous heading.. Page 1 of 1 Start over Page 1 of 1. Samsung Galaxy S7 32GB G930T - T-Mobile Locked - Black Onyx (Certified Refurbished). Samsung Galaxy Note 5 SM-N920T 32GB Sapphire Black for T-Mobile (Certified Refurbished). Samsung Galaxy S7 Edge SM-G935T 32GB for T-Mobile -Silver (Certified Refurbished). Samsung Galaxy S7 32GB G930A - AT&T Locked - Black Onyx (Certified Refurbished). Samsung Galaxy S7 Edge SM-G935T 32GB for T-Mobile - Gold (Certified Refurbished). Samsung Galaxy S8 SM-G950U 64GB for T-Mobile (Certified Refurbished). Find answers in product info, Q&As, reviews. Please make sure that you are posting in the form of a question.. Don't see what you're looking for?. There was a problem completing your request. Please try your search again later.. 3.12 x 6.28 x 0.34 in. 0.31 x 5.86 x 2.95 in. 3 x 5.86 x 0.38 in. 0.35 x 5.76 x 2.94 in. 0.35 x 5.76 x 2.94 in. 0.3 x 3.07 x 6.28 in. LG V10 H901 64GB Space Black - T-Mobile. LG X Power (16GB) 5.3" Screen with 4,100 mAh Battery, 4G LTE GSM Factory Unlocked Phone US610 - Grey. LG G4 H810 Metallic Grey GSM Unlocked Android 4G LTE 32GB Smartphone. LG G3 D851 32GB Black Smartphone for T-Mobile. LG D850 32GB WHITE G3 D850 32GB Unlocked GSM 4G LTE Quad-HD 13MP Camera Smartphone - Silk White. LG Electronics V20 H910 64GB GSM Phone Titan Grey (unlocked att). Whether big or small, everyday or extraordinary, everyone has stories to tell. So we’ve made a device to help tell them. The LG V10 offers everything you need to capture the in-between moments by recording life better, editing easily and sharing more often. Adjust settings in real-time for full creative control, Customize your videos by adjusting playback speed, adding filters, choosing background music and adding titles. With the two screens of the LG V10, convenience has never looked so good. The always-on Second Screen provides quick access to notifications and features, without interrupting activity on the main screen. The 5.7” IPS Quad HD display showcases brilliant, authentic imagery. Fingerprint ID Security allows you secure access and to lock specific content.. 6.3 x 3.1 x 0.3 inches. #12,246 in Cell Phones & Accessories ( See Top 100 in Cell Phones & Accessories ). #223 in Cell Phones & Accessories > Unlocked Cell Phones. Product Warranty: For warranty information about this product, please click here. If you are a seller for this product, would you like to suggest updates through seller support ?. Would you like to tell us about a lower price ?. 5 star 56% 4 star 7% 3 star 8% 2 star 11% 1 star 18%. Share your thoughts with other customers. There was a problem filtering reviews right now. 5.0 out of 5 stars LG's underrated flagship of 2015. The LG V10 was LG's flagship device of last year which in my opinion was extremely underrated at the time of release. Sporting a Snapdragon 808 processor, four gigabytes or ram, a large 5.7" QHD display with a smaller secondary display, and of course two front-facing cameras, and a 16 mega-pixel back camera with an F1.8 aperture and you're left with a very impressive device to say the least. LG opted for the Snapdragon 808 processor due to Qualcomms latest SOC having horrible over-heating problems at the time in most devices that it was used in. While not the latest and greatest processor available at the time, the Snapdragon 808 is no slouch even to this day. That paired with the four gigabytes of ram leave you with zero lag in almost any task I have put this thing through. Even heavy gaming with some modern Android games still look and play flawlessly with little to no problems in frame rate and graphical prowess. The four gigabytes of ram lets you multi-task with ease to your hearts content, but it does also help with the second screen I mentioned earlier in the review. The second screen is a small two inch long display on top of your main display which gives you access to things like your notifications, and some quick toggles for things like Wi-Fi and the flashlight even when your device's main screen is off! It is very hard to convey how useful this second screen is but trust me, once you get used to it you'll find it difficult to go without it. LG says that if you leave the secondary display on all day, you'll lose just a few percentage of your battery and I personally think it is well worth it due to the additional functionality that it provides. The main display of the phone is 5.7" with a QHD resolution and LG's Quantum Display technology. While the term does sound like a marketing gimmick, the display is indeed very nice to use. Outdoor visibility is excellent on both of the displays, and colors look life like but vibrant at the same time. The display is not AMOLED which is what a lot of people prefer, but do not let that sway your purchasing decision if you're in the market for a phone because this display is equally good from what I've seen so far. Viewing angles, contrast, brightness, and even the black levels are all excellent and you will not have any problems using this device for things like multi-media or games. The cameras on the front of the device (and yes I did say cameras) are both five mega-pixels, one has a very wide viewing angle which you can switch between for things like selfies. This works great and does in fact give a very wide shot. The back camera is to me one of the bigger selling points of this phone for one simple reason which is the manual controls. Sure you can take some fast shots and you'll get impressive results, but you can also turn on manual mode which lets you tweak every setting of the camera to adjust for white balance, the ISO, shutter speed, and even the manual focus levels. These controls are very impressive and really do make a huge difference in the shots you'll be able to take particularly for late night shots. I was even able to take a few shots of the stars at night when it was pitch dark outside without much experience tweaking all of the controls. The manual controls are not just limited to photos either, you can also use them for filming video as well! You'll even have full access to the microphone levels and a wind-noise filter. There are plenty of other features of this phone such as the DAC which makes for an incredible music listening experience, the removable battery, the SD card slot, and a lot of other note worthy features but for the sake of time I am going to not be adding all of that to this review. If you want to know anything else about this device or using it in 2016 then feel free to ask and I'd be happy to help to the best of my abilities. Even with the LG V20 coming out, if you need a new device then this is very hard to beat especially with the price these are currently selling for. The performance, and features still hold up today and I would highly suggest giving it a shot if you're on the fence about this device.. Was this review helpful to you?. 3.0 out of 5 stars Buy this phone, you won't regret it!. This was perhaps the single best purchase I've ever made. $220 for a smartphone that cost upwards of $6-700 new? Hell yeah! Pros: Nothing you haven't already heard in other internet reviews. It's perhaps the most versatile phone out there (until you hit the V20, but that's still rather expensive). For some reason is relatively rare, LG should be commended here. --Expandable storage up to 256GB (and a theoretical 2TBs). No Adaptable Storage, but I feel it's a bit gimmick-y as it has too many caveats and basically robs you of the ability to use the microSD slot, which can be very useful. --I like the really the rugged look to it. Cons: --Headphone jack was faulty on arrival. While this isn't guaranteed to affect you, I felt I needed to mention this for full disclosure. However, this was a relatively easy fix for about $10-15 for the headphone jack itself (just make sure it's an OEM part). Steps to fix the problem: 1) Remove the back panel on the V10. 3) Unscrew the 14 000 sized Phillips head screws. (this is the most difficult part) 4) Lift off the back plate covering the logic board. You'll need to use a wedge to undo the clips hold it in place. Be careful not to damage the board underneath. 5) Carefully unplug the ribbon cable connecting the headphone jack to the logic board. 6) Place the new headphone jack in place, plugging it in. 7) Follow steps 1-4 in reverse and you're done. Note: It's recommended to have an anti-static mat and magnetic tray to hold the screws (they're REALLY tiny). Also the Headphone jack is bloody tiny as well. --The double tap to wake is a bit twitchy (but that may just be me *shrugs*) --The secondary screen is a bit dim when the screen is off. --Some of the more advanced features are kind of hard to find. Final thoughts: LG should be commended for creating a device this damned impressive. It's almost criminal that it didn't get the exposure that it clearly deserved. As I've said in above, this is the best purchase I've made... Edit (10/13/2017): After 7 months the phone stopped working. Was this review helpful to you?. 3.0 out of 5 stars Good used ultra premium phone. 2560x1440 screen IPS, Second screen is unique and useful. Plenty fast, Snapdragon 808 still holds up against 2017 mid range Snapdragons. The HIFI dac works and I can hear a noticeable difference when it's on. Cons: I just recenctly found out about the bootloop problem that some LG G4 and LG V10 get. I haven't had this problem (yet) It does make me hesitate to play games that will heat the phone up, not a big phone gamer so this isn't really a issue. Battery life isn't the greatest maybe 3 hours. Using AccuBattery health of the battery is 75% or 2200mah. which isn't surprising since the phone is 2 years old. Neutral: I had to pay $15 to unlock to use with MetroPCS. Going to pay $25 to get a new 6600mah battery. Came with Andriod 6.0 easily upgraded to Andriod 7.0 and I doubt V10 will get 8.0 which is no big deal. So for $140 for the phone and $25 for a new battery and $15 to unlock, you are getting around the $200 Honor7X area which I was considering getting, but IMHO the V10 still better overall. If you are huge phone gamer and long battery life is important to you I would say skip the V10 since the bootloop problem will probably happen. I give 3 stars since you do have to compromise with this phone, but it's worth getting a taste of a premium phone. I like the phone and don't regret my purchase I will definitely be considering the LG V40 in 2019. Was this review helpful to you?. The phone arrived defective though it was suppose to be refurbished. It heated up up to a dangerous temperature. I had to pay $12.00 to send it back to them.. 1.0 out of 5 stars The phone arrived defective though it was suppose to be .... I love everything about the phone but the front camera. The phone has 64gb of on board storage. The main camera takes beautiful pictures. 5.0 out of 5 stars This phone is awesome. Been using this phone for almost 2 months now. I have had no issues with the phone.. 4.0 out of 5 stars Takes really great pictures. 5.0 out of 5 stars Five Stars. The device was not good and in the description they said its like new !!! ; the charger was not orginal <there is not fast charg> and the battrey was the worest just 1... 1.0 out of 5 stars The most worst device that i never buy!!!. 5.0 out of 5 stars Five Stars. DONT buy this phone it has a boot loop problem LG are so bad is not even funny, this phone will not last you more then 1 year, the screen also gets burn after 6 moths i had to... 1.0 out of 5 stars ... it has a boot loop problem LG are so bad is not even funny. 5.0 out of 5 stars Five Stars. I like the phone very much it's very loud the picture is very bright the only downsize to this phone is the battery runs out too fast other than that the phone is pretty good so... 4.0 out of 5 stars Not a long lasting battery. after a few months and there. 1.0 out of 5 stars One Star. What other items do customers buy after viewing this item?. LG V10 H901 64GB Space Black Smartphone for T-Mobile (Certified Refurbished). LG V20 64GB Titan Gray Tmobile. [2-Pack] Supershieldz for LG V10 Tempered Glass Screen Protector, Anti-Scratch, Anti-Fingerprint, Bubble Free, Lifetime. LG X Power (16GB) 5.3" Screen with 4,100 mAh Battery, 4G LTE GSM Factory Unlocked Phone US610 - Grey. See and discover other items: lg cell , lg v , google pixel mobile , 4gb ram smartphone , corning glass , t mobile phone. There's a problem loading this menu right now.. Get fast, free shipping with Amazon Prime. Prime members enjoy FREE Two-Day Shipping and exclusive access to music, movies, TV shows, original audio series, and Kindle books.. Careers About Amazon Investor Relations Amazon Devices. Sell on Amazon Sell Your Services on Amazon Sell on Amazon Business Sell Your Apps on Amazon Become an Affiliate Advertise Your Products Self-Publish with Us › See all. Amazon Rewards Visa Signature Cards Amazon.com Store Card Amazon.com Corporate Credit Line Shop with Points Credit Card Marketplace Reload Your Balance Amazon Currency Converter. Your Account Your Orders Shipping Rates & Policies Amazon Prime Returns & Replacements Manage Your Content and Devices Amazon Assistant Help. Amazon Music Stream millions of songs. Amazon Drive Cloud storage from Amazon. 6pm Score deals on fashion brands. AbeBooks Books, art & collectibles. ACX Audiobook Publishing Made Easy. Alexa Actionable Analytics for the Web. Amazon Business Everything For Your Business. AmazonFresh Groceries & More Right To Your Door. AmazonGlobal Ship Orders Internationally. Home Services Handpicked Pros Happiness Guarantee. Amazon Inspire Digital Educational Resources. Amazon Rapids Fun stories for kids on the go. Amazon Restaurants Food delivery from local restaurants. Amazon Video Direct Video Distribution Made Easy. Amazon Web Services Scalable Cloud Computing Services. Audible Download Audio Books. AudiobookStand Discount Audiobooks on Disc. Book Depository Books With Free Delivery Worldwide. Box Office Mojo Find Movie Box Office Data. ComiXology Thousands of Digital Comics. CreateSpace Indie Print Publishing Made Easy. DPReview Digital Photography. East Dane Designer Men's Fashion. Fabric Sewing, Quilting & Knitting. Goodreads Book reviews & recommendations. IMDb Movies, TV & Celebrities. IMDbPro Get Info Entertainment Professionals Need. Junglee.com Shop Online in India. Kindle Direct Publishing Indie Digital Publishing Made Easy. Prime Now FREE 2-Hour Delivery on Everyday Items. Prime Photos Unlimited Photo Storage Free With Prime. Shopbop Designer Fashion Brands. TenMarks.com Math Activities for Kids & Schools. Warehouse Deals Open-Box Discounts. Whole Foods Market America’s Healthiest Grocery Store. Withoutabox Submit to Film Festivals. Woot! Deals and Shenanigans. Zappos Shoes & Clothing. Souq.com Shop Online in the Middle East. Subscribe with Amazon Discover & try subscription services. Conditions of Use Privacy Notice Interest-Based Ads © 1996-2018, Amazon.com, Inc. 
New king of cams: LG's eagle-eyed V10 outshoots the iPhone. LG’s V10 has the best smartphone camera we’ve ever used.. LG’s V10 has the best smartphone camera we’ve ever used.. LG’s V10 has the best smartphone camera we’ve ever used.. The best smartphone camera we’ve used. Second screen fails to hold attention. Bigger and uglier than the LG G4, but comfortable. The best smartphone camera we’ve used. Second screen fails to hold attention. Phone Reviews Product Reviews. The first Galaxy Note Edge. used an entirely extra, separate screen to create its curved side effect, and though Samsung has graduated to using an actual curved screen for its cool S6 Edge phones, LG has decided to also use a second screen to make its own massive, new phablet a little different.. On the V10, LG has placed a second screen above the main screen, alongside a pair of selfie cams. That’s right, the V10 has two screens and two cameras on the front.. It has a huge screen, plenty of RAM, a giant battery, and a body that can withstand a drop. It’s a different beast than the G4, LG’s last major smartphone release, but it does share one trait with its svelte sister phone: a kickass camera. So, should you pick the LG V10 over the many other phablets to choose from? Here’s what it’s like.. The V10 is a rugged phone, built to take some punishment. The frame is made from 316L stainless steel, and it extends out the side to give the phone a cool-to-the-touch body. The standard LG plastic cover used on the back of phones like the G4 is missing, and there’s no leather option either. Instead, the panel and screen are surrounded by something called Dura Skin. It feels like silicone, but is apparently twice as hard as plastic, and 10 times stronger than aluminum.. The result is pleasing to the touch. LG has given it a strong texture that’s very grippy, but the material doesn’t get caught on pocket linings, or inside a bag. I used a fabric pouch to protect the phone on several occasions, and it slipped in and out easily, something that a phone inside a silicone or rubber case would never do.. If the 5.5-inch screen on the G4 felt surprisingly compact, that illusion is shattered with the V10. The 5.7-inch display is huge, and using it with one handed is almost impossible, despite the slim bezels and extra grip provided by the Dura Skin. Using it back to back with the Galaxy S6 Edge Plus — the V10’s natural competitor — the Samsung phone was slightly easier to navigate with a single hand. However, the sharp Edge screen makes it less comfortable to hold than the V10.. Put the V10 in one pocket, and the S6 Edge Plus in the other, and you certainly notice the LG phone’s extra 40 grams in weight. However, it doesn’t feel ungainly, or aged like an old Nokia brick. It feels reassuringly solid — made to last and take a few knocks. LG says it’s far more effective at surviving a corner drop than other devices, and if I dropped a phone, I’d want it to be the V10 rather the S6 Edge Plus, because I trust it would actually survive.. The 5.7-inch main screen is Quad HD, and it’s stunning.. The look is functional, but not really for me. It’s not very subtle, from the huge bezel surrounding the camera lens, to the gold-colored steel frame on our test phone. The G4 has a daintiness to its style, from the rear speaker grill to the minimalist front panel. I adore the look of the G4, and am impartial to the V10. Others I showed it to didn’t always agree, and were taken with the thickness, structure, and color scheme. In these days of delicate glass and aluminum devices, the V10’s very different, and many of you will probably really like it.. Motorola Moto X Style Pure Edition. The LG V10 has two screens, one of which is an enormous, high-resolution beauty we can’t stop staring at, and the other isn’t. The 5.7-inch main panel is a larger version of the G4’s Quad HD display, and it’s stunning. Bring the brightness down to about 50-percent, choose a dark wallpaper with splashes of color, and revel in its gorgeousness. Play some video, and it’s even better, with strong contrast, incredibly bright colors, and lively tones. It may not be incredibly lifelike, but it just looks so good, you won’t care if it’s perhaps less natural than other screens.. The 2.1-inch second screen is an always-on mini display that I wanted to use more than I did. LG’s keen on giving us ways to access often-needed information quickly. On the G Flex 2 and G4, a slight swipe down on a sleeping screen would show the time, date, and any notifications. It was handy, but not something I used very often. The V10’s second screen is basically this, only without the downward swipe to activate.. Notification icons are shown alongside the clock, battery indicator, and the date when the screen is sleeping. Things get more interesting when you swipe it, revealing quick access buttons for the camera, Wi-Fi, and the flashlight. With the phone unlocked, its function changes. LG promotes it as a multitasking bar, where you can quickly access apps, contacts, music controls, and calendar entries. Additionally, it’ll show all those notifications that are usually hidden away, like when an app is downloading and installing, or incoming messages and emails.. It was this latter feature that made most sense. Notifications sliding in over apps, games, or video is annoying, but sometimes necessary. On the V10, they don’t disturb the main screen, and appear on the second screen instead. It’s logical, and made a difference when I used the phone. For the other functions, I’ve become so used to using Android’s app switcher, or swiping down the notification panel, that I usually forgot I could do some of the tasks using the second screen. Others loved it though, and (maybe oddly) were usually impressed with how easily the flashlight can be activated from the lock screen.. The second screen isn’t a pointless gimmick, but it’s close, and no reason to actually choose the V10 over any other big phone. The V10’s camera is absolutely, hands-down, the best we’ve used on a smartphone. The photos it takes are glorious, its usability second-to-none, and its versatility makes the V10 the perfect companion regardless of when or where you want to take a cracking picture.. If you want to take awesome pictures, and shoot brilliant video, then buy the V10.. Like the G4, it’s the manual mode that makes it so fantastic. It’s so simple to use that you don’t need to be a camera expert to figure it out, yet the results make you look like one. Manual modes offered by Huawei and OnePlus don’t even come close to providing the same degree of usability. The V10’s camera urges you to take control, and then makes it easy to tweak the picture for the best results. Low light is where the V10 excels. It takes better pictures at night than the already strong iPhone 6 Plus , and even outperforms the LG G4, sometimes.. For the V10, the manual control over still images has also been added to the video mode, plus the ability to adjust the frame rate, resolution, and even the audio recording levels. The experience is similar, but like shooting action photography, speed is of the essence, and you’ve got to be familiar with the controls to capture the moment at its best. Videos can be edited on the device easily, and LG’s own software is comprehensive. The electronic image stabilization added to the video mode is also great, smoothing out footage shot while walking along the street. We didn’t find it as satisfying using the V10 to take video, and prefer stills, but if you’re a video fan, then it’s hard to beat for quality.. We mentioned earlier there are two cameras above the screen. One is for taking single selfies, and the other has a wide-angle lens for taking group shots, and a button swaps between the two. We really wonder if it’s necessary to have two cameras above the screen (just like whether it’s really necessary to have two screens), but the wide-angle lens is very effective. It helps capture a more natural scene when taking selfies with more than one person in the frame, something made easier using LG’s Gesture Shot, and where clenching a fist in front of the camera activates a three-second timer. It also ends the need to carry a selfie stick.. If you want to take awesome pictures, and shoot brilliant video, then buy the V10.. The V10 is the first non-Nexus LG phone with a fingerprint sensor, and it’s mounted in the sleep/wake key on the rear panel, just below the camera lens. Initially flakey, a software update improved its response and accuracy a great deal. It works slightly differently to other scanners. From a locked screen, you press the button, and then it reads your fingerprint, unlocking the screen. Once the update was applied, this worked faultlessly, and the scanner’s placement is not only sensible, but it’s comfortable. More so than the S6 Edge Plus’s Home button scanner.. Android 5.1.1 is installed, and is covered with LG’s own user interface. It’s a distance away from being the original stock version of Android Google puts out, and while the Settings menu is often annoyingly different than standard Android, the rest of the interface isn’t overly fussy or ridiculously over-designed. Since Samsung cleaned up its Android act, the two are very closely matched, which means if you don’t like one, you’re unlikely to enjoy the other. Those of you who aren’t Android purists will find it fast, easy to understand, and attractive to look at.. LG has used the hexa-core Snapdragon 808 with a whopping 4GB of RAM for the V10, and it’s a rocket ship. Flicking through the OS for regular tasks, messaging, and gaming doesn’t worry the phone at all. It handles streaming video and music without fault, and is unfazed by games including Riptide 2 at full resolution. Putting it through some benchmarking tests saw a it score 5000 in Quadrant, a 3626 Multi-Core in Quadrant 3, and an impressive 521 in 3DMark’s Slingshot ES 3.1 test.. A massive, high-res screen and a powerful processor put the battery inside the V10 under considerable strain. It’s a 3,000mAh cell, the same as the G4, but it struggled to make it through a regular workday. Using the camera burned through it too, especially shooting video. The same update that helped the fingerprint sensor improved it a little, so some software optimization could help in the future. Until then, expect a daily recharge for the V10. That said, LG needs to be congratulated for making the battery removable, and for including a MicroSD card slot.. LG officials have told us that properly configured U.S. and European V10 models will get a standard 1.5 day battery life.. Up your game and the get the most out of your gear with the following extras, hand-picked by our editors:. Spigen Resiliant Rugged Armor case ($13). Phones with a screen size at or above 5.5-inches are shockingly common — almost all manufacturers, from Apple to ZTE, are producing at least one. The V10 offers a unique second screen and an extra durable body that can stand a drop, but neither of those are the reasons you should lay down money for LG’s whopper of a phone. If you want to take the very best smartphone pictures possible, almost regardless of the conditions and your talent, the V10 is the device for you.. Whether you choose it over other phablets will come down to your thoughts on design. The V10’s manual stills and video camera does make it a fantastic choice if you’re happy with the uglier look. However, we’re struggling to find a reason we’d buy this over the G4. If there’s a good deal on a G4, don’t look back. The V10 is sturdy and has a fingerprint sensor, but the second screen didn’t embed itself into our lives very effectively.. Overall, the LG V10 is an absolutely wonderful purchase.. Add Us To Your Social Channels. Digital Trends helps readers keep tabs on the fast-paced world of tech with all the latest news, fun product reviews, insightful editorials, and one-of-a-kind sneak peeks. 
account Coverage Deals Devices Plans & Services. T-mobile.com | Español Account Check your usage Coverage Deals Rebates Promotional Credits Devices Choose a device SIM cards Software updates Tutorials Plans & Services DIGITS T-Mobile ONE JUMP! Manage your data service News & Updates Ask our community Contact Us Log In / Sign Up. Support Ask our community Log in / Register Support. Error: You don't have JavaScript enabled. This tool uses JavaScript and much of it will not work correctly without it enabled. Please turn JavaScript back on and reload this page.. Read the LG V10 user manual below. You can download the user manual at the bottom of the page. You must have Adobe Reader installed to view it.. LG V10 User Manual.pdf (1.6 MB). Are you sure you want to delete this document?. Find ways to contact us now. Español About Investor relations Press Careers Deutsche Telekom Puerto Rico Privacy Policy Privacy & Security Resources Consumer Information Public Safety/911 TERMS & CONDITIONS Terms of Use Accessibility Open Internet. Other T-Mobile sites My T-Mobile T-Mobile.com T-Mobile Prepaid T-Mobile Puerto Rico T-Mobile Refer-a-Friend. Popular tasks Check coverage Check order status Find a store Refill your Prepaid account Shop phones, tablets, & accessories Trade in your device Unlock your device. Business Wireless that works for your business Business support. Featured Services JUMP! Stateside International Napster unRadio. 
Featured 6 new 609 Apps 5 new 5916 Games 1414 Polls 2 new 591 Contests 2 new 347 Downloads 245 Accessories 663 Android Beginners’ Guide 068. Videos First 10 Things to Do Tips and Tricks Unboxings. Pixel 2 / Pixel 2 XL Galaxy S8 Galaxy Note 8 V30 OnePlus 5T U11. T-Mobile to Raise Pricing for Select Plans on November 15. Facebook Intros Notify App, Currently Available Only for iOS. I think it’s safe to say that LG’s G4 wasn’t exactly the smashing success the company had hoped for and so it makes sense that they would put together another offering to end 2015. At a time when everyone outside of Apple is struggling to find ways to make boatloads of money, releasing another phone just before the holiday season isn’t a bad move. And that’s what we have here with the LG V10 .. The V10 is a phone very similar to the G4 on the inside, but on its outside LG has improved things dramatically. The phone is large, but it should be very durable with its steel reinforced sides and new Dura Skin. It’s also quite lovely looking, with its mix of industrial yet minimal aesthetic. Yes, I just called an LG phone “lovely looking.” (Hey, times are changing!) It even has a somewhat unique new feature that LG hopes will help it standout from a crowded market, and that’s a secondary front display with numerous features of its own.. But is this the phone that can push LG back up the leaderboard? Is it even a phone you should consider, knowing there are at least three or four other phones worth buying? Let’s find out.. This is our LG V10 review.. The 5.7-inch QHD IPS Quantum display that LG used in the V10 is their best yet. It’s massive, obviously, but it gets plenty bright, has solid viewing angles, and is a joy to stare at for hours upon hours. In the comparison shots below, you can see that it gets equally as bright as the current display king, the Galaxy Note 5, but may best it in color accuracy. Well, depending on your eye, that is. The V10 does show slightly greener to me, while the Note 5 – at least when presenting white – tends to be a bit warmer, or pinker. If you focus on the V10’s. color reproduction, I’d say that it does a great job of balancing those punchy tones found in AMOLEDs, with the natural colors typically referenced when talking LCDs.. The V10’s display isn’t quite as close to the top glass of the phone as something like a Galaxy S6 Edge+ and its curves where you feel like you are actually touching the icons and textures, but it comes close.. The only reason I mention this is because we love immersive viewing experiences when you have a display this big. With that said, this is one of the few displays that I’ve looked at in recent months and just said, “Wow, this thing is beautiful.”. This may be hard for our daily readers to believe, but I actually kind of like the design of this phone. I can’t decide if that’s just because it is so different than anything LG has done before it or if I’m finding new love for two-tone everything in life, especially when it is a mix of rubber, glass, and polished steel. Whatever the case may be, I can get down with this. creamy gold mess of a behemoth. It’s cream! It’s gold! It’s steel! It’s…rubber, I think! And oh hey, look at this random secondary display too!. You may think I’m joking, but this is such a welcomed change of pace from all the wave of iPhone clones we saw this year where everything is a minimal mixture of glass and aluminum. Like, this phone would never be mistaken for a god damn iPhone. You wouldn’t mistake this for anything other than what it is – a giant ass LG something or other with lots of stuff and things packed inside. The back has great balance with the flash and laser autofocus on each side of the circular and centered, brushed camera housing. This particular gold and cream version has this lovely diamond shaped texture to its backside that wraps from front to back, along with those stand-out steel bars. This phone reminds me of one of those ridiculous $4,000 Euro phones that are made in partnership with Ferrari or other high-end cars, except this phone actually looks good and has the specs to back it all up.. Of course, I also love the fact that LG put the headphone jack on the bottom and didn’t go DROID Turbo 2 on the front of it with sensors.. Seriously, when I first saw this phone in pictures, I was mostly turned off and rolled my eyes at some of the really odd color combinations. But now that it’s in hand, on desk, sitting next to the Moto X Pure, Xperia Z5, Galaxy Note 5, and Nexus line, it’s the one that stands out as being unique without being offensive. Give us more of this, LG!. The 3000mAh battery powering the LG V10 offers you. plenty of juice to get through a full day. On most days, I would be off the charger at 6:30AM and starting to wonder if I should find another by 10PM. That’s a good 15-16 hours off the charger while. still seeing 20-30% battery left at night if I needed it.. I ran this review unit (which is a Korean model) on AT&T the entire time with a mix of WiFi and LTE and typically saw 2 to 2.5 hours of screen on time in a day. That’s starting to be pretty average for me, but is considerably up from. what I was hitting just a little over a year ago, if I recall.. Now, I know that those of you running MIUIMOGEN ROM 12.85 with JANKO KERNEL 2.5 over-underclocked with XxXpunged Module beta v3.999 can supposedly. get 8 hours of screen on time and 48 hours of battery life with a 2200mAh battery in. your own phone, but this 2.5 hours of SoT on this 3000mAh battery is good enough for me and should be for the majority of the rest of the world.. Let’s also not forget that this phone comes equipped with Qualcomm’s Quick Charge 2.0 technology, so even if you do manage to burn through its 3000mAh battery and don’t have a spare to swap out, a few minutes on the charger will get you hours of use back. I can’t say that I timed the charging, but if there were days when usage got heavier and I needed some juice, I was able to quickly get back to a safe zone. Knowing that you always have a quick charge to fall back on is almost hard to put a value on.. LG seems to have maxed out the specs on this phone in every single category outside of the processor, where they went with the Qualcomm Snapdragon 808 instead of the 810. that choice in a minute, but the rest of the situation here is worth applauding. LG included a 5.7-inch QHD IPS Quantum LCD display (2560×1440, 513ppi), second 2.1-inch IPS Quantum LCD display (160×1040, 513ppi), 4GB RAM, 64GB storage with micro SD support up to 2TB, 16MP rear camera at f/1.8 and with optical image stabilization (OIS), 5MP dual lens front camera system, 3000mAh removable battery, 802.11ac WiFi, Bluetooth 4.1, Quick Charging, fingerprint scanner, and Android 5.1.1 Lollipop.. Again, outside of the Snapdragon 808, this is about as good as it gets for a 2015 smartphone. The V10 has maxed out RAM, a beautiful display, tons of storage, a high-end camera, and a big enough battery to get the job done without worry.. OK, so I know I just made it sound like I was about to rip LG for using the Snapdragon 808 instead of the Snapdragon 810 and that’s because I was thinking about doing just that a couple of weeks ago when I first started reviewing this. Initially, like every other 808 phone I’ve reviewed recently, I noticed occasional hiccups and stutters that drove me nuts because I don’t expect that from. a flagship level phone in 2015. a couple of recent software updates seem to have tightened things up and this phone is buttery smooth.. As you know, we don’t run benchmarks, but I can tell you that the somewhat heavy multi-tasking I do throughout a day is met with little lag anymore. I can jump from copying text in Pushbullet to swiping to one-handed mode to opening Instagram to sending that copied text in Hangouts to Tim without any slowness.. If you were looking for an area I would like to see LG work on next, it would be in the camera launch shortcut. At this time, a double tap on the volume down button launches the camera when the phone is locked and asleep. It’s painfully slow and often causes you to miss whatever it was you were planning to take a picture of. I’m sure this can be improved, so it’s not like we’re talking deal-breaker slowness here.. Overall, the LG V10 is surprisingly speedy when you compare it to. all of the other phones that can’t seem to get the Snapdragon 808 experience right. If anything, this should give us hope that Google can figure out a way to dial in the 808 on its own product, the Nexus 5X. LG sure seems to have figured it out.. Removable battery and SD card slot. LG is about the only company still doing these, so we have to give them props for the effort. Who doesn’t love having the option to swap out a dead battery for a fresh one in the middle of the day or load up the majority of your music collection on a whopping 2TB micro SD card? I can’t exactly say that I have wanted to carry around a back-up battery within the last three years, but hey, having the option is comforting on some level.. The whole removable battery and SD card combo was once a staple for Samsung phones, but as they have chased margins and ignored fans, LG is the one leading this. It’s sad to see these two features become almost extinct as they have their loyal following and place in tech. For many, they are a must-have in a phone. Thankfully, LG is including them while they continue to make pretty rockstar phones.. Because this review got pushed back a bit by new Nexus and DROID phones, I am happy to share that it can be purchased from AT&T, T-Mobile, and Verizon today. I point this out because this phone kind of came out of no where from LG, a company who doesn’t typically push a big flagship in Q4. If you compare this newcomer to what HTC just did with the One A9, I think it’s safe to say that LG has done a much better job at making this phone available. The One A9 only found its way to Sprint and AT&T officially, whereas LG also convinced Verizon it was worth the effort. Look, if you want to sell phones, you have to be on AT&T and Verizon.. The phone is available in a variety of fun colorways as well.. LG is the latest smartphone manufacturer to try and tackle the idea of a secondary display. I can’t believe I’m admitting this, because it is so easy to make fun of features like this, but they have come close to getting it right. With the V10’s secondary display, you get a 160×1040 area. that sits just above your main display (to the right of the front facing cameras) to show you recently used apps, favorite apps, favorite contacts, upcoming calendar items, media controls, and a signature, which could be any sort of word or phrase you would like to see displayed. Along with those major features, the mini display also acts as an always-on clock, with battery meter, weather icon, and recent notification icon space. And this is where the V10’s secondary display comes in handy.. The recently used/favorite apps and contact shortcuts and all of that jazz, which can be seen when the display is on, is sort of worthless, for the most part. I say that, because the phone is so insanely large that it’s way too much of an inconvenience to try and reach your hand up there and attempt to touch a tiny icon than it is to just hit the home button and find the app you need from a home screen. Now, if this panel was situated towards the bottom of the display, instead of at the very top, this could be a completely different story.. As I mentioned, this feature does truly shine when the main display is off or when the phone is. sitting by your bed at night. You see, with the normal display off, the V10 sits on your desk with quickly viewable information that you probably would like to know throughout the day, like the time or if you have notifications needing attention or how much battery you have left. Like Motorola’s Moto Display, you get this on the V10 without having to do anything. In fact, you get it quicker than Moto Display because you don’t even have to wave a hand or touch anything – the information is just there in the mini display. I can’t tell you how many times throughout a day that I look down at my phone just to check the time and so the V10 makes that easier to accomplish than any other phone. If you want even more screen-off features, you can swipe across the clock on the mini display to access shortcuts for your “Interruptions” status, toggle WiFi or a flashlight on or off, and even open the camera. As for the mention of using it at night, the secondary display acts as a night-time clock in a way that doesn’t use much light, so it’s there when you need without interrupting your sleep.. As odd as this may sound, LG is almost onto something here with their. I can’t say that I’m begging for everyone to try this now, but if LG considers moving it around. in a future phone and sticks to it, it could be the sort of standout feature a company like this needs.. The LG V10 has a 16MP f/1.8 camera with optical image stabilization (LG calls it “OIS 2.0”) that is assisted by laser autofocus. On paper, or if you consider the last couple of cameras LG has put in phones (like the one in the G4), you would expect this camera to be a killer. I’m probably in the minority here, but I have to give it a big “meh.” It’s OK, but I think I would take shooters in Motorola’s new phones, the new Nexus phones, and all of Samsung’s phones before I’d reach for the camera in the V10.. Before we get to the results, here is a look at the UI of the camera app, which can either be the most intense camera experience of all or the simplest. LG gives you about the most manual controls of any smartphone manufacturer, though this time they stepped that game up further by giving you full manual. LG lets you adjust everything from white balance and ISO, to shutter speed and focus. It’s all a pretty impressive experience for photographers.. If you don’t want that manual experience, LG also has a straight up “Auto” mode along with a “Simple” mode that takes away all controls and lets you tap and shoot at will.. In my experience, the camera app can be a bit slow to load at times, especially with its quick launch shortcuts. Once it loads, it also seems a bit slow as it prepares. for that first shot and often gets the focus wrong, so I find that I’m constantly tapping-to-focus more than on other phones.. In terms of results, this is where I come off a bit “meh.” The V10’s camera should be an instant winner. For me, though, using it off and on for a couple of weeks, I just haven’t loved the results. Keep in mind this after going from the V10 to the Nexus phones to the new DROIDs and back again. All of those phones in between, I came away quite impressed with the camera results. Images taken with the V10 certainly capture color correctly, but they just lack that sharpness and clarity I’ve seen from other cameras this year, most notably those from Samsung and Motorola. The phone – as I just mentioned – often seems to really struggle with focusing, even with its multi-point laser autofocus. And that’s a big deal, because you often only get to take a picture once. If the V10’s camera is screwing up the correct focus more often than not, then that’s kind of a dealbreaker for those of us who take lots of pictures. I also seem to really see a lot of background processing that can be unsightly.. Look, this critiquing is me sitting at a computer, staring. at images in a setting most won’t,. where I can nitpick and find flaws that my eye thinks it can see. But I’m also a phone reviewer, so it’s my job to point these things out. In other words, I don’t necessarily think this camera is bad. In fact, it is quite capable and is also about the most powerful you’ll find in a smartphone, thanks to the variety of manual controls. If you happen to be an aspiring photog or really like tweaking camera settings, you will probably love this camera. It’s just that for me (and probably most of you), who shoots mostly in auto and in a hurry, it just hasn’t won me over.. If you want to see the full resolution shots, download them all in this .zip file .. Over the years, I’ve made it clear that I don’t like the approach to Android skins that LG and Samsung continue to push. They load up their devices with a skin that looks nothing like Google’s vision for Android, needlessly change simple features that become harder and less convenient to use, and then attempt to add-on their own suite of apps and features that I’m not sure most average consumers care about.. The skin on the LG V10 is just like all of LG’s other skins. It’s pretty messy, can be overly complex, is struggling to adopt Google’s Material Design, and doesn’t really offer anything that takes advantage of this screen being this big.. LG still has its version of multi-window, its QSlide (floating apps), a Smart Cleaning option that is supposed to help speed up your phone, customizable navigation buttons, second screen settings, home and lock screen settings, “Smart” settings, and more. Some of this stuff is good; others you may never touch or need to.. I do like LG’s keyboard, which is weird to say. I normally switch to the Google Keyboard immediately upon setting up a new phone, but theirs has come a long way and is serviceable. I like the “Mini View” feature, which allows you to quickly use the phone in a one-handed mode. I also like the numerous sound and vibration settings, where you can tweak the strength of vibration when your phone rings or you get a notification. Other than that, this is one of those software experiences where you would be better off installing as many third party apps as you can to get this back to a stock Android experience.. This phone is so huge! We’re talking Nexus 6 huge, yet this phone has a slightly smaller display (6-inch vs. It may be this big because LG added on its Dura Guard steel frame, Dura Skin, and a secondary display, which is fine for those looking for extra protection or a semi-useful gimmick, but man, get ready for a phone that will barely fit in a pocket.. I quickly figured out LG’s swiping shortcut for enabling one-handed mode and used it constantly. It actually works pretty good too and is activated by swiping from left-to-right or right-to-left across the navigation buttons. Once done properly, the screen sort of shrinks a bit in the direction of. the hand you swipe towards, so that you can pull down the notification panel, interact with apps, or type on a smaller area with one hand. You can see what it looks like below.. Of course, this big of a phone with this big of a display also means you get a pretty sweet viewing experience when consuming media. While I will almost always take a smaller phone for day-to-day tasks, it’s silly to even think about complaining about a screen this big and this good when you are watching a video or playing a game. As I mentioned above, this is LG’s best display ever and so even though it’s huge and a handful, it’s kind of fun.. After praising the rear fingerprint scanners on the Nexus 6P and 5X, I went into the LG V10 review expecting to really love this placement as well. Boy, I couldn’t have been more wrong. This fingerprint scanner here is so bad, so bad. With the 6P, 5X, and even the OnePlus 2, you can place your finger over each’s sensor and the phone will read your finger before quickly unlocking. You don’t need to press a button or swipe or double tap the screen or do anything – they just unlock the phone. With the V10, LG has ditched that idea and instead makes you compress the rear power button (which doubles as the fingerprint scanner) before the button can then read your fingerprint. It works, ohhhh, 1 out of every 2 or 3 or 4 times.. That may not seem like a big deal, but trust me, it is.. Fingerprint scanners need to be instant and they need to work 95 out of 100 times, not 50% of the time. And with the V10, the actual time it takes to get into the phone is already lengthened by the fact that you have to first double tap the screen to wake it or press in the power button, that constant misses in fingerprint reading makes for one heck of a frustrating experience doing something as simple as unlocking your phone.. After spending a couple of weeks with the V10, I found it much easier to just swipe out a pattern than hope the rear placed fingerprint reader would work.. I don’t often talk much about smartphone speakers unless they are exceptionally good or deserve to be smashed with a hammer because I never really felt like they were that important or that big of a selling feature. With the V10, I’ve never been so close to grabbing a hammer and getting busy. It’s bad enough that LG went with a single, bottom-located speaker, but the fact that they put this bad of one in there is kind of shocking. It gets quite loud if you need it to. Unfortunately, even at moderate volumes, the distortion, crackling and ear-piercing shrieks are enough to give you an immediate headache. Now, I know that most will use headphones for media needs and only use the external speaker for incoming calls. Still, I can’t tell you the last time I heard a flagship smartphone speaker that was this insulting to an ear.. Well, does the V10 with all of its. things come together as a winner? Yeah, surprisingly, for the most part there is a heck of a lot like here. This is one of those extremely oversized phones, but it comes in an attractive package, has a beautiful display, top of the line specs in all areas, and performs well. It has a capable camera, handful of actually useful software and hardware add-ons, and can be purchased at most of the major carriers. I really don’t think you can go wrong here.. Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus.. Sign-up for the Droid Life Newsletter. 
