To properly experience our LG.com website,. you will need to use an alternate browser or upgrade to a newer version of internet Explorer (IE9 or greater).. Right click at the top of your browser and make sure the “Menu Bar” option is selected. Select “Tools” from the menu bar and then select “Compatibility View settings”. In the pop-up menu uncheck all three boxes and click “Close”. Your browser window will automatically refresh and you’ll be ready to go. The LG.com website utilizes responsive design to provide convenient experience that conforms to your devices screen size. In order to get the best possible experience our LG.COM website please follow below instructions.. If you’re using Internet Explorer 8 or earlier, you will need to use an alternate browser such as Firefox or Chrome or upgrade to a newer version of internet Explorer (IE9 or greater) .. If you’re using Internet Explorer 9 and higher, turn off your Internet Explorer browser’s “Compatibility View settings” by following steps below:. LG SIGNATURE Products Support. Products OLED TVs Refrigerators Washers Dryers Air Purifiers Ranges Dishwashers. Mobile TV/Audio/Video Appliances Computers. Cell Phones Discover the LG V30 Discover the LG G6 All Phones AT&T Phones Sprint Phones T-Mobile Phones Verizon Phones US Cellular Phones Unlocked Phones. Bluetooth Headsets & Headphones All Bluetooth Headsets & Headphones Shop Headsets & Headphones Accessories Discover LG TONE Headsets & Headphones. Mobile Accessories All Mobile Accessories Wireless Keyboards Cell Phone Batteries Cell Phone Cradles & Chargers Cell Phones Covers & Cases. The Big Screen that Fits in Your Hand. TVs All TVs OLED TVs SUPER UHD TVs 4K Ultra HD TVs LED TVs. Home Audio All Home Audio Sound Bars Shelf Stereo & Loud Speaker Systems Bluetooth & Wireless Speakers Dolby Atmos Home Theater Smart Speakers Speakers with Meridian Audio. Home Video Blu-ray & DVD Players Projectors. TV Audio Video Accessories Remotes TV Wall Mounts 3D Glasses. Refrigerators Discover LG InstaView™ Door-in-Door® All Refrigerators Door-in-Door® LG InstaView™ Door-in-Door® French Door Side-by-Side Bottom Freezer Top Freezer Counter-Depth Kimchi/Specialty Foods. Cooking Appliances All Cooking Appliances Discover NeoChef™ Microwaves Ranges & Ovens Wall Ovens Cooktops Microwave Ovens Hoods. Dishwashers Discover QuadWash™ Top Control Dishwashers Front Control Dishwashers. Kitchen Accessories Refrigerator Filters All Kitchen Accessories Replacement Oven Knobs. Washers All Washers Discover LG SideKick™ Front Load Washers TWIN Load Washers LG SideKick™ Pedestal Washers Top Load Washers. Dryers Gas Dryers Electric Dryers. Steam Clothing Care System LG Styler. Air Care Solutions Air Purifiers Dehumidifiers. Vacuum Cleaners Robot Vacuum Cleaners Stick Vacuums. Knock Twice and See What's Inside. For Small Loads That Are a Big Deal. Consumer Monitors All Monitors Gaming Monitors 4K / 5K Monitors 21:9 UltraWide® Monitors UltraFine™ Monitors IPS Monitors LED Monitors. Commercial Monitors Desktop Monitors 21:9 UltraWide Monitors Medical Monitors Zero Client 4K UHD UltraFine™ Monitors. Burners & Drives All Burners & Drives Blu-ray Burners and Drives DVD Burners and Drives. Additional Support MyLG Account Parts & Accessories Document Upload Announcements Works with Voice Assistant. Repair Services Request a Repair Track Repair Locate Repair Provider LG Direct Service LG Authorized Service Center. Contact Us Chat & Email Telephone Twitter Support Ask the Community Facebook Support. Business Support Business Support Home Request RA Request SWAP Track RA or SWAP Status Business Warranty Enhanced Service Plan Five-Star Service. Top Searches LG Bridge LG PC Suite Smart Share Mobile Support TV Support. Discover Our Newest Collection of TV, Appliance and Mobile Accessories. Extend your protection for years to come with the additional peace of mind of LG Premium Care.. Step-by-Step Guide by Device and Cable Connector.. Search Search. Welcome Sign out. Record smoother, clearer videos—even when you're on the move. Steady Record 2.0 analyzes each frame to provide smoother playback of your video recordings.. Capture higher quality audio with your video recordings with 3 High AOP mics to record clean, lossless audio that matches the quality of your video.. Capture high-quality audio on the go with the ability to tape over a separate track.. Enjoy premium audio through wired headphones or speakers for a crisper, fuller playback experience.. Expand your selfie experience with the front-facing 120-degree wide angle lens and get the bigger picture no matter what the subject. This 5MP camera allows you to capture photos and videos with a wider background so you can include more friends in your selfies.. Human Field of View 120-124 degrees. Get More In, Leave Nothing Out. With a 135-degree perspective, the LG V20™ dual rear cameras give you more flexibility than ever to capture the perfect shot.. Get more of every moment with Dual Rear Cameras. Featuring a 16 MP Standard-Angle Lens camera (75 degrees, 1/2.8" image sensor, f/1.8 low light) and 8 MP Wide-Angle Lens (135 degrees, 1/4" image sensor, f/2.4 low light) camera.. You’re in for A Real Treat. Savor the improved experience, better productivity, and enhanced performance that Android Nougat has to offer. Android Nougat brings exciting new features to your mobile OS, including split-screen multi-window, streamlined notifications with direct reply, and improvements to battery performance.. The beautiful, durable 5.7-inch Quad HD Display delivers immersive video playback, gaming, and browsing with brilliant colors and deep contrast. LG's latest 5.7" IPS Quad HD display produces improved contrast ratio and color reproduction using quantum technology for enhanced image quality.. Important functions and notifications right at your fingertips. You don’t have to waste time toggling – just use the second screen to access contacts, shortcuts and jump between apps.. “If a big-screen Android phone is what you want, the LG V20™ is the one to buy.”. Be the first to buy LG’s most cutting edge phone yet.. Video Resolutions up to 3840 x 2160 1. Record smoother, clearer videos, even on the move. 1280 x 720 resolution, 120 FPS. Video Player with Touch Lock and Resume Play Functions. Supports MP4, WMV, 3GP, 3G2, AVI, MKV, ASF, WebM, DivX®, and TS Formats. Adjust audio focus, manual focus, white balance, frame rates, and more. Take still shots while recording video. Combine a series of short video clips. Record a video that plays back faster than normal. Trim and adjust the speed of your videos. Creates a highlight clip from a longer video for easy sharing. Access social platforms instantly after taking pictures and videos. Pause then resume video recording for a continuous file. Zoom in/out on videos during playback. Capture still shots from a video playback. Include location information with photos and videos. Customizable Video Screen Ratio, Subtitle Settings, Playback Speed, and Video Auto-Close Function. 1.Available only on rear-facing camera or camcorder.. 2.Available only in manual mode; videos with Hi-Fi audio play only in apps that support Hi-Fi.. 3.Not available with some camcorder settings.. Digital-to-Analog Converter (DAC) for crisp, full sound through wired headphones or speakers. Capture high-quality audio on the go with the ability to record over a separate audio track. Audio Zoom 2.0 and Wind Noise Filter. Controls audio focus direction and minimizes background and wind noise. Universal learning remote; control compatible TVs, cable provider set-top boxes, audio systems, and more. Supports AAC, AAC+, eAAC+, M4A, AMR, MP3, MIDI, WAV, WMA, PCM, ADPCM, MKV, AC3/EC3, FLAC and Ogg formats. Organized by songs, albums, artists, genres, stations, and playlists. Dual Rear Cameras with Wide-Angle Lens. • 16 MP Standard-Angle Lens – 75 degrees, 1/2.8" image sensor, f/1.8 low light 1. • 8 MP Wide-Angle Lens – 135 degrees, 1/4" image sensor, f/2.4 low light 1. • Tracking Focus – track and maintain focus on a moving object. – zoom continuously between standard and wide-angle lenses 1. • Pop-out Picture Mode 1 – make your photos pop. • Film Effect – preset filter effects to give photos a film-like look and feel. • Camera Resolutions up to 4656 x 3492 (standard angle) or 3264 x 2448 (wide angle) 1. • Optical Image Stabilization (OIS 2.0) – capture sharp images quickly with less blur. • Manual Mode 1 – adjust shutter speed, ISO, exposure, white balance, and more; save image as RAW (JPEG + DNG). • Burst Shot 1 – hold the shutter button to take multiple shots in sequence. • Panorama Mode – capture the whole scene. • HDR Options – set HDR mode to on, off, or auto. • Multiple Shutter Options – tap the shutter, tap the screen, use your voice, set the timer, or press a volume key to take a photo. • Camera and Video Zoom – up to 8x 1. • Multi-view – create a photo or video collage with the dual rear and front cameras. • Quick Shot – Take a photo by using the camera shortcut key. 1.Available only on rear-facing camera or camcorder.. Wide-Angle Front Camera and Full HD Camcorder. • 5 MP Wide-Angle Lens 1 – 120 degrees, f/1.9 low light; toggle for standard-angle (83 degrees) option. • Auto Shot 1 – face detection automatically initiates a 2-second countdown timer to take a selfie. • Gesture Shot 1 – take selfies with a simple hand gesture. • Gesture Interval Shot 1 – make a fist twice to take four selfies in sequence. • Gesture View 1 – transitions between camera mode and preview mode automatically when phone is lowered. • Selfie Light 1 – screen illuminates around the photo preview for well-lit selfies. • Beauty Shot 1 – adjustable setting softens facial features. 1.Available only on front-facing camera or camcorder.. Improved experience, better productivity, and enhanced performance. Qualcomm Snapdragon™ 820 with X12 LTE and 2.15 GHz Quad-Core Custom 64-bit Qualcomm Kryo. Find content in the apps on your phone: contacts, messages, videos, and more. Turn settings on/off, open apps, or change settings according to location. Free up space by deleting temporary files and removing infrequently used apps. Adjust keyboard height and control cursor; adaptive word recognition based on user behavior. Tap a 6- to 10-point pattern to access the home screen. Position the keyboard closer to the left or right edge. View information and launch applications; includes customizable cards that provide tips, help users track health 1 , and more. Keep phone unlocked when connected to trusted devices or in trusted places. Take notes with ability to choose paper style, pen size and color, add text with a PC-like toolbar, and more. Write or draw on nearly any screen and then save to QuickMemo+ or Google® Photos™. Captures web page text and images and imports them into QuickMemo+. Double-tap the screen to put your phone to sleep/wake it. 64 GB (up to 50 GB usable space - varies by carrier). Unique ringtone created for each caller based on phone numbers. Includes Notification,Capture+, QSlide Function™ and customizable color settings. Overlay up to two windows with adjustable sizing and transparency. Minimize the battery consumption through apps control. Multilanguage support for Phone and Keyboard Input. Interface with a simpler layout and larger font size. Provides traditional Android layout of the home screen and apps list. Set a password/pattern to protect QuickMemo+ memos; prevent les from being previewed when linked to a PC 4. Card up to 2 TB (microSD cards sold separately). Shrink the screen for use with one hand. Copy multiple items and paste in a clipboard at the bottom of the screen. Turn off all notifications except chosen ones. Decreases the amount of blue light on the screen to help reduce eye strain. Make items on the screen larger or smaller. Gain access to your phone, make mobile payments, and secure content 3. 1.This app is not intended to diagnose, treat, or prevent any disease or medical condition. Always seek the advice of a qualified medical professional before making any changes to your exercise, sleep, or nutrition.. 2.LG does not guarantee the performance of this feature on all mobile browsers.. 3.Features and capabilities may vary by carrier.. 4.Some owner content may still be accessible to a user who enables Content Lock.. 5.7" Quad HD IPS Display (2560 x 1440) with 513 ppi. Provides quick access to notifications, recent apps, contacts and more. • Size: 6.28" (H) x 3.07" (W) x 0.30" (D);. • Rear Key with Fingerprint ID. • Corning® Gorilla® Glass 4 Protection. • USB Type-C™ with Qualcomm® Quick Charge™ 3.0* – reversible design for easier plug-in; fast charging and data transfer. • Release Button and Metal Battery Cover – provides quick access to the removable battery. Get ready for crisp, clear content on-the-move, plus fresh Hi-Def audio, and Wide Angle Lenses that let you share life’s bigger picture with friends, family and everyone else! The LG V20™ is powered by fast and fluid Android 7.0 Nougat, and brings you unbelievable sound and video quality that lets you master those spectacular everyday moments. You’ll love having front and rear Wide Angle Lenses that deliver three-times more room to fit everyone in the frame, not to mention Steady Record 2.0, allowing you to capture sharp, smooth video without all the hand shaking. The V20™ then sweetens the pot with 32-bit Hi-Fi Quad DAC capabilities that reduce up to 50 percent of background noise levels. Connect with LG for exclusive, ongoing news and promotions surrounding the groundbreaking LG V20™ , including its release date , impressive specs , superior videography features, and exceptional audio quality that lets you capture and share your amazing moments with brilliant clarity and precision. The LG V20™ smartphone gives you the enhanced features you need to feel the passion, seize the moment, and immerse yourself in the world around you.. Discover everything you ever wanted to know about the LG V20™ , including its impressive specs , stylish and functional. Be sure to check out our entire collection of smartphones and mobile devices , as well, including tablets , smart watches , mobile accessories and more.. LG SIGNATURE LG SIGNATURE Brand Story LG SIGNATURE Products Products OLED TVs Refrigerators Washers Dryers Air Purifiers Ranges Dishwashers Cell Phones All Phones AT&T Phones Sprint Phones T-Mobile Phones Verizon Phones US Cellular Phones Unlocked Phones Boost Mobile Phones Cricket Phones Metro PCS Phones TracFone Phones Virgin Mobile Phones Xfinity Phones Smartphones Android Phones 4G LTE Phones Quad-core Phones Budget Phones Basic Phones Prepaid / No Contract Phones G Series Phones K Series Phones Stylo Series Phones V Series Phones X Series Phones Touch Screen Smart Watches Tablets Enterprise Mobile Solutions Bluetooth Headsets & Headphones All Bluetooth Headsets & Headphones Shop LG Bluetooth Headsets & Headphones Discover LG TONE Headsets & Headphones Mobile Accessories All Mobile Accessories LG Wireless Keyboards Shop LG Wireless Keyboards LG Cell Phone Batteries Shop Cell Phone Batteries LG Cell Phone Cradles & Chargers Shop LG Cell Phone Cradles & Chargers LG Cell Phones Covers & Cases TVs All TVs OLED TVs HDR TVs SUPER UHD TVs 4K Ultra HD TVs LED TVs 3D TVs Smart TVs Curved TVs 22 Inch to 29 Inch Class TVs 32 Inch to 39 Inch Class TVs 40 Inch to 43 Inch Class TVs 47 Inch to 49 Inch Class TVs 50 Inch to 55 Inch Class TVs 60 Inch to 65 Inch Class TVs 70 Inch to 79 Inch Class TVs 84 Inch to 105 Inch Class TVs Home Audio All Home Audio Sound Bars Shelf Stereo & Loud Speaker Systems Bluetooth & Wireless Speakers Dolby Atmos Home Theater Smart Speakers Speakers with Meridian Audio Home Video Blu-ray & DVD Players Projectors Home Security TV Audio Video Accessories Remotes TV Wall Mounts 3D Glasses Discover LG Matte Black Refrigerators All Refrigerators Door-in-Door® French Door Side-by-Side Bottom Freezer Top Freezer Counter-Depth Kimchi/Specialty Foods Cooking Appliances All Cooking Appliances Ranges & Ovens Electric Ranges Gas Ranges Wall Ovens Single Wall Ovens Double Wall Ovens Cooktops Gas Cooktops Radiant (Electric) Cooktops Microwave Ovens Countertop Microwave Over The Range Microwave Hoods Dishwashers Top Control Dishwashers Front Control Dishwashers LG Studio Kitchen Accessories Refrigerator Filters All Kitchen Accessories Replacement Oven Knobs Washers All Washers Front Load Washers TWIN Load Washers LG SideKick™ Pedestal Washers Top Load Washers Washer Dryer Combos Dryers Gas Dryers Electric Dryers Steam Clothing Care System LG Styler Laundry Accessories Laundry Pedestals Dryer Racks Laundry Hoses Dryer Lint Filters Washer Dryer Stacking Kits Air Conditioners Portable Air Conditioners Window Air Conditioners Wall Air Conditioners Casement Air Conditioners Air Care Solutions Air Purifiers Dehumidifiers Vacuum Cleaners Robot Vacuum Cleaners Stick Vacuums LED Lights Home Appliance Accessories Air Conditioner Accessories Consumer Monitors All Monitors Gaming Monitors 4K / 5K Monitors 21:9 UltraWide® Monitors UltraFine™ Monitors IPS Monitors LED Monitors Commercial Monitors Desktop Monitors 21:9 UltraWide Monitors Medical Monitors Zero Client 4K UHD UltraFine™ Monitors Laptops Burners & Drives All Burners & Drives Blu-ray Burners and Drives DVD Burners and Drives Computer Accessories Promotions Discover LG Promotions Rebates SUPPORT Register a Product Software & Drivers Manuals & Documents Help Library Video Tutorials Additional Support MyLG Account Parts & Accessories Document Upload Announcements LG Refrigerator Energy Offer LG Recycling Program Works with Voice Assistant Repair Services Request a Repair Track Repair Locate Repair Provider LG Direct Service LG Authorized Service Center Contact Us Chat & Email Telephone Twitter Support Ask the Community Facebook Support Business Support Business Support Home Request RA Request SWAP Track RA or SWAP Status Business Warranty Enhanced Service Plan Five-Star Service Top Searches LG Bridge LG PC Suite Smart Share Mobile Support TV Support ABOUT LG Press Release Media Contacts Career Opportunities Newsletter Signup PUBLIC NOTICES General Mobile TV/Audio/Video Appliances Computer Products Compliance Information. For Business Site Map Privacy Legal Patent Terms & Conditions Accessibility Help. 
CNET también está disponible en español.. The Good The LG V20 records really high-quality audio and features a swappable battery and secondary wide-angle lens.. The Bad For its high price, the phone doesn't break any new ground in camera performance or battery life.. The Bottom Line The LG V20 is the best phone you can buy with a removable battery, and its audio recording prowess is a cherry on top, but skip the phone if neither is a priority.. Visit manufacturer site for details.. Things I liked It records great audio. You can swap out the battery and increase storage. Its secondary screen is actually useful. It's as fast as any Android (but slower than the iPhone) LG V20 Benchmark Scores. What gives me pause The camera is good but won't blow you away. The LG V20 isn't a bad phone. It covers all its bases with the latest hardware and a solid design. But other handsets edge it out in so many ways that, aside from the V20's swappable battery, you're better off buying something else.. If you want a better camera, get the Google Pixel (or its bigger counterpart the XL ). If you want a longer battery life, get the Samsung Galaxy S7 Edge. Faster processing speeds (at least on paper)? The Apple iPhone 7 Plus. Better value? OnePlus 3 .. As is the ability to add storage via microSD. And my favorite feature about the V20 is its ability to record high-quality audio. It does this better than any other phone I've come in contact with. If the mention of these three features gets you pumped, then this might be the phone for you. If they don't, then there's no reason to buy it.. Metal-clad LG V20 has clever trick to remove battery. So what do I like about the V20? Let me list the ways.... The V20 the phone for the concert-goer because it handles live audio recording superbly. It's equipped with three mics and four digital-to-analog converters (the latter apparently helps reduce white noise). The phone can record much clearer and accurate 24-bit sound compared to the standard 16-bit.. I took it to a Gallant concert and recorded only a few feet away from the third row. Afterward, I listened to the recordings on separate stereo speakers. It sounded fantastic -- bass tones were deep and full without sounding distorted and blown out, and compared to my friend's footage (who happened to have a Google Nexus 6P ), the V20's recording was notably richer, crisper and more immersive.. The V20 has a couple of options to tinker around with audio quality.. You don't always have to offer the latest technology to keep people happy. Like I mentioned before, the V20 has a removable battery and expandable memory. They're nothing new, but they're a rarity among marquee handsets these days. Many people can't live without at least one of these features, and the V20 has both.. A replaceable battery comes in handy when you're out and about, running low on battery life, and want to quickly swap in a reserve. It's also useful if you plan to resell the device and you can promise a fresh battery. Expandable storage lets you snap and record way more photos and videos, without really worrying about running out of space... Press the release button and swap out the battery.. Like its V10 predecessor , the V20 has a secondary screen that sits on top of its regular display. With this iteration, LG increased its contrast and brightness, so it's easier to read. You can choose to have this screen perpetually on (even if your device is sleeping) or off, and it displays your custom signature, common settings, favorite apps, recent contacts and notifications.. This isn't essential, but it can be pretty useful. Because there's no app drawer by default (you can turn it back on from Settings) having shortcut access to your favorite apps is easier than sifting through several home screen pages.. Swipe through the second screen for your favorite apps.. With its Snapdragon 820 processor, the handset had no problem keeping up with its rivals. It performed as well as the Pixel XL (which has the slightly more advanced 821 processor) in our benchmarks, though both the Galaxy S7 Edge and OnePlus 3 edged it out by a hair. The iPhone 7 Plus, however, which has an altogether different and proprietary A10 chipset, dominated the results with impressively high marks.. Then again, these are just diagnostic tests on paper. All these devices work fast and smooth, and any speed differences between any of these phones would be hard to discern. For all your daily mobile needs, you should be satisfied with any of them.. The V20 has many strong points, but there are drawbacks, too. While none of these shortcomings are individual deal breakers, they are things to keep in mind.. Like the G5 , LG is doubling down on its wide-angle endeavors. The V20 has two shooters on the back, including a 16-megapixel standard lens and an 8-megapixel wide-angle lens that can capture up to 135 degrees. The single 5-megapixel camera on the front can also switch between an 83-degree frame and a wider 120-degree setup.. Best Phones for 2018. See All. Samsung’s king of phones is excellent, but you'll pay a pretty penny for stylus privileges.. A radical redesign that's nearly all screen includes a new cutting-edge facial recognition.... LG just gave Samsung a run for the money.. But we're still waiting on the Siri-like AI.. The Pixel 2's superb camera makes it worth a look.. This week on CNET News. Homeland Security's tall order: A hacker-free election. 'Annihilation' director wove memory into a dream-like movie. Dogecoin: The joke cryptocurrency that was too real for its own good. Discuss LG V20. Be respectful, keep it clean and stay on topic. We delete comments that violate our policy , which we encourage you to read. Discussion threads can be closed at any time at our discretion.. CNET may earn fees when you click through to a partner site.. 
GSM 850 / 900 / 1800 / 1900 - SIM 1 & SIM 2 (dual-SIM model only). HSDPA 850 / 900 / 1700(AWS) / 1900 / 2100. LTE band 1(2100), 2(1900), 3(1800), 4(1700/2100), 5(850), 7(2600), 8(900), 12(700), 17(700), 20(800), 26(850), 28(700), 38(2600), 39(1900), 40(2300), 41(2500). HSPA 42.2/5.76 Mbps, LTE-A Cat6, Cat9 (3CA) or LTE-A Cat12 (3CA) 600/150 Mbps. 159.7 x 78.1 x 7.6 mm (6.29 x 3.07 x 0.30 in). Single SIM (Nano-SIM) or Dual SIM (Nano-SIM, dual stand-by). IPS LCD capacitive touchscreen, 16M colors. 5.7 inches, 90.3 cm 2 (~72.4% screen-to-body ratio). 1440 x 2560 pixels, 16:9 ratio (~513 ppi density). - Secondary display, 160 x 1040 pixels, 2.1 inches. Quad-core (2x2.15 GHz Kryo & 2x1.6 GHz Kryo). microSD, up to 256 GB (dedicated slot). Dual: 16 MP (f/1.8, 29mm, 1/2.6") + 8 MP (f/2.4, 12mm, 1/3.2"), laser autofocus, OIS, dual-LED flash, check quality. Geo-tagging, touch focus, face/smile detection, panorama, HDR. 2160p@30fps, 1080p@30fps, 720p@120fps, 24-bit/192kHz stereo sound rec., check quality. - Active noise cancellation with dedicated mic. Wi-Fi 802.11 a/b/g/n/ac, dual-band, Wi-Fi Direct, DLNA, hotspot. Fingerprint (rear-mounted), accelerometer, gyro, proximity, compass, barometer, color spectrum. SMS(threaded view), MMS, Email, Push Mail, IM. - Fast battery charging (Quick Charge 3.0). Basemark OS II: 2473 / Basemark OS II 2.0: 2159 Basemark X: 29385. Contrast ratio: 1097 (nominal), 3.402 (sunlight). Voice 68dB / Noise 68dB / Ring 80dB. H990N H990DS H990T H910 H918 LS997 US996 VS995. Versions: H990N (Hong Kong); H990DS (Global Dual-SIM); H910 (AT&T); H918 (T-Mobile); LS997 (Sprint); US996 (US Cellular); VS995 (Verizon); H990T (Mexico). Also known as LG V20 Dual H990DS/H990N with dual-SIM card slots.. We can not guarantee that the information on this page is 100% correct. LG V20 - user opinions and reviews. the second time was when i gave my mom the phone and installed a fresh battery for her.. Phone is very solid both psychically and software wise. Clearing cache with built in cleaner does crash some apps on first launch but usually isn't much of an issue. Cameras are both very great, 16mp main taking some phenomenal images out in the day .... I agree that is a good compromise larger sealed batteries, but you can improve it, as for example a 6.400 mAh extended battery to the V20, even improving the grip.. Samsung Apple Nokia Sony LG HTC Motorola Huawei Microsoft Lenovo Xiaomi Google Acer Asus Oppo OnePlus Meizu BlackBerry Alcatel ZTE Toshiba Vodafone Energizer XOLO Lava Micromax BLU Gionee vivo LeEco Panasonic HP YU verykool Maxwest Plum. LG G6 LG V30 LG G5 LG V10 Samsung Galaxy S7 edge Samsung Galaxy S7. LG V30 LG G6 LG Q6 LG V20 LG G5 LG K10 (2018). 
How to Block a Number on Any Phone. How to Build Your Smart Home. How to Create an Anonymous Email Account. How to Save Money on Your Cell Phone Plan. How to Set Up Two-Factor Authentication. How to Set Up and Configure Your Wireless Router. Tips Every Amazon Addict Should Know. Hard Drives, Storage, Networking & Backup. Back Antivirus, Safety & Security. Back Browsers & Operating Systems. Best HR Software & Management Systems. Best Self-Service Business Intelligence (BI) Tools. Best Social Media Management & Analytics Tools. Back Cameras & Photo/Video Editing. Best Video Editing Software for Enthusiasts. Best Samsung Galaxy S8 and S8+ Cases. Best Samsung Galaxy Note 8 Cases. Best MacBook Air Cases and Sleeves. Back Smart Home & Wearables. Back Hard Drives, Storage, Networking & Backup. Back Keyboards, Mice, Monitors & Speakers. Back Shows, Events & Holiday. Back TVs & Streaming Media. Best Managed WordPress Web Hosting Services. Best Small Business Web Hosting Services. The attractive LG V20 phablet is overflowing with features that will appeal to audiophiles, photographers, and average Android users alike. Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. blog comments powered by Disqus. PCMag reviews products independently , but we may earn affiliate commissions from buying links on this page.. View All 13 Photos in Gallery. Includes removable battery, expandable storage, and IR blaster.. Heavy software layer and carrier bloatware. The attractive LG V20 phablet is overflowing with features that will appeal to audiophiles, photographers, and average Android users alike.. Think of the LG V20 as the result of combining the company's unique V10 with design cues from the newer G5. In short, you get a 5.7-inch metal Android phone with a "secondary" display, two rear cameras, and a host of killer features for audiophiles and photographers. You also get one of the first phones to ship with Android 7.0 Nougat , and one of the few flagships to feature a removable battery. Factor in a durable build, top-notch hardware, and terrific camera performance, and the V20 is one of the best big Android phones you can buy right now. For audiophiles in particular, it shares our Editors' Choice with the Samsung Galaxy S7 Edge .. Pricing, Design, and Features The V20's price varies depending on carrier, but it's largely comparable with other high-end flagships on the market. The least expensive place you'll find it is on Verizon, for $672. T-Mobile sells the phone for $769.99, while picking it up on Sprint will run you a bit more at $792. AT&T is the most expensive carrier to buy from, at $829.99. An unlocked version will be available in November for $799.99.. In broad the V20 looks like a pumped up G5. The two phones have the same button layout and dual-camera setup on the back, but there are some key differences that make the V20 a bit more aesthetically pleasing. For one, the size of the bottom lip below the display has been reduced, leaving less empty space. The sides are also curved a bit more, making it easier to grip than the more angular G5.. As for the buttons and ports, you'll find a volume rocker on the left, a departure from the back buttons on the V10. The bottom houses a 3.5mm headphone jack, speaker, and USB-C charging port. The back has a fairly responsive home button-fingerprint scanner. The top has an IR blaster, which allows you to control TVs , air conditioners, and other compatible devices.. The phone is also more durable than the G5 or the V10. Its metal body (available in gray, pink, or silver) uses the same kind of aluminum used in airplanes. It can't fly, but it is MIL-STD-810G transit drop compliant, meaning it can withstand drops onto hard surfaces. It withstood several drops onto the rubberized floor at PC Labs with no visible damage aside from the battery cover popping off. The trade-off is that it's not waterproof like the Samsung Galaxy S7 Edge , or shatterproof like the Motorola Moto Z Force Droid .. One thing that hasn't changed since the V10 is size. The V20 measures 6.3 by 3.1 by 0.3 inches (HWD) and weighs 6.2 ounces, about the same dimensions as the Apple iPhone 7 Plus (6.2 by 3.1 by 0.3 inches, 6.6 ounces) and the Google Pixel XL (6.1 by 3.0 by 0.3 inches, 5.9 ounces). There's a one-handed mode that resizes things onscreen to make apps easier to reach, but I still found the phone to be unwieldy compared with the S7 Edge (5.9 by 2.9 by 0.3 inches, 5.5 ounces), particularly when reaching for the secondary screen (more on that later).. View All 13 Photos in Gallery. The V20 has a removable battery, but it's not like the slide-out design of the G5 or the snap-off style of the V10. Instead, a battery cover release key on the right side of the phone pops the back panel off to gain access to the 3,200mAh cell inside. You'll also see a SIM card slot and a microSD card slot in there, the latter of which I tested successfully with a 256GB Samsung Evo+ card. There's no modular functionality, so you can't use any of the G5's "Friends" attachments, like the Cam Plus, but they haven't really caught on anyway.. Display The most immediately notable feature on the front of the V20 is its always-on 2.1-inch, 160-by-1,040 "secondary" display, which you can find in the top right corner above the primary display. The small extension of the primary LCD functions much the same as it did on the V10, providing you with the time, date, notifications, and quick access to apps, tools, and camera controls (when the camera app is open). You can also pin apps of your choice to the secondary display, and use it to set a custom signature (now with more characters). While its functionality hasn't changed much, LG has made one huge improvement: the brightness and contrast have been increased so there are no visibility issues, which was one of our gripes with the V10. It makes the display infinitely more useful and functional, and I found myself using it fairly quickly launch apps when the main screen was off.. The primary display is a 5.7-inch, 2,560-by-1,440 IPS panel. The resolution works out to a super-crisp 513 pixels per inch. It gets very bright, has excellent viewing angles, and rich colors. You won't have any difficulty using it outdoors in direct sunlight. That said, the display runs a bit cool, with whites skewing toward blue when compared with the iPhone 7 Plus, though it isn't distracting (and not particularly noticeable without a side-by-side comparison).. Network Performance The LG V20 is available the big four US carriers; I tested the T-Mobile version, which supports LTE bands 1/2/3/4/5/6/12/13/20, giving it strong network performance in midtown Manhattan. I recorded a top download speed of 16Mbps, and an unusually high upload speed of 30Mbps. The phone also supports Wi-Fi on the 2.4GHz and 5GHz bands, NFC, and Bluetooth 4.2.. Transmissions are somewhat garbled, and more background noise came through compared with we've tested. But earpiece and speakerphone volume is loud, so I was able to hear everything no matter the environment.. See How We Test Cell Phones. Audio Quality I don't say this often, but the audio features here are particularly outstanding. T he V20 has not one, not two, but four digital-to-analog converters (DACs) inside. Plugging headphones into the audio jack allows you to enable the Hi-Fi Quad DAC setting.. I'll admit to not being an audiophile, but even my untrained ear noticed a significant improvement in clarity and overall sound quality when I plugged in a pair of Plantronics Backbeat PRO 2 headphones. The lyrics and contours of bass-heavy metal came through with very little distortion. When playing games I could pick up on more subtle sounds, like whistling wind, distant sirens, and the shouts of passersby, all of which are normally lost on other phones. Naturally, if you're using Bluetooth playback you can't take advantage of this.. Audiophiles will be further pleased by 75-stage fine volume and L/R balance controls, as well as support for lossless music formats like AIFF, ALAC, DSD, and FLAC. In addition to playback, there's built-in HD audio recording, capable of capturing 24-bit/192kHz FLAC. For video, the V20's mic can record up to 132 decibels without clipping, rather than the 120 decibels most phones manage.. The bottom-firing mono speaker is loud, but not particularly impressive. It's the only average point in an otherwise fantastic audio experience.. Processor and Battery The V20 a Qualcomm Snapdragon 820 processor clocked at 2.15GHz and 4GB of RAM. It's not quite the Snapdragon 821 you'll find in the Google Pixel XL, but you can't really notice a major performance difference between the two. On the Geekbench benchmark, the V20 scores 1,590 in single-core performance and 3,290 in multi-core. That's not quite as high as the Pixel XL in either category (1,661/4,146), but real-world performance is virtually identical.. Multitasking is fast, and I found that using Nova Launcher and disabling animations makes things even faster. High-end gaming is not a problem; both GTA: San Andreas and Asphalt 8 ran beautifully, without any dropped frames or latency.. Battery life is the spot the V20 doesn't stand out. In our battery rundown test, in which we stream full-screen video over LTE with screen brightness at maximum, the phone clocked 4 hours and 38 minutes. That's lower than both the Pixel XL (6 hours, 43 minutes) and the S7 Edge (10 hours). That would be a bigger problem if it weren't for a couple of factors. The first is that always-on secondary display, which you can also turn off if you find it sucking down too much of your battery. The second is the fact that the battery is removable, so you can always carry a spare. And now that Samsung has gone sealed-in, the V20 is only flagship phone to feature a removable battery, which plenty of people still appreciate. The phone also supports fast charging, allowing you to reach a 30-percent charge in 20 minutes and a full charge in about an hour, but it doesn't support wireless charging.. Camera Like the G5, the V20 has two rear-facing camera sensors. One is a standard 16-megapixel camera with optical image stabilization, while the other is an 8-megapixel wide-angle lens that lets you take 135-degree shots of your surroundings. In daylight, the primary 16MP sensor takes crisp, clear shots with a fast laser-assisted autofocus. The facade of buildings, individual leaves in trees, and other fine details all come across naturally, free from the patches of noise or blur you'll find on less capable sensors.. But the real killer feature comes in the form of manual controls. The camera app lets you fine-tune white balance, exposure, shutter speed, aperture, and focus. In auto HDR mode, the V20 matches the Pixel XL and Galaxy S7 image quality in low-light settings. After tuning the exposure and shutter speed, it actually surpasses them. The best pictures I took were the ones that used manual adjustments, which is a feature that's lacking on most flagship phones.. The secondary 8-megapixel sensor is also the same as the one on the G5. It's a fun feature that lets you take some cool utlra-wide angle shots of city streets, at the expense of noticeable barrel distortion. As you can see in the images above and below, however, it's a nifty effect. The 5-megapixel front-facing camera also has a wide-angle mode (albeit at a slightly lower 120-degree angle). Pictures taken with it are clear and autoexposure is good.. Video recording is also solid, netting smooth 1080p footage at 60fps and 4K footage at 30fps using the rear camera. In addition to optical image stabilization (OIS), the V20 also uses electronic image stabilization (EIS), a gyroscope, and post-processing to make objects appear in the same position between frames. Walking down a long hallway in PCMag's New York office, video footage appeared steady, even when my hand was purposefully shaky.. To test tracking focus, I recorded a busy street and locked onto a person walking. The camera was able to maintain focus as they moved. I did the same with a fast moving car and got a similar result.. Software The LG V20 is the first non-Pixel phone to launch running Android 7.0 Nougat , though it comes with LG's heavy UI layer on top. The icons, notification shade, and settings menu have all undergone some major changes, and there's no app drawer. That won't please Android purists, but you do have the option of restoring the app drawer using a built-in setting or a third-party launcher. As mentioned above, I ended up using Nova Launcher. Unfortunately, LG hasn't said whether the phone will support Google's Daydream VR .. Aside from the features we've already touched on, the V20 also supports features like double tapping to wake the screen. There's a filter for night viewing, and a built-in Smart Cleaner that cleans the cache to free up storage space.. On the T-Mobile version of the phone I tested, there are seven preloaded T-Mobile apps, four LG apps, and Amazon, Evernote, Lookout, and Facebook. Most of it can be uninstalled, and you end up with 48.66GB of available storage out of a total of 64GB. Fortunately, a microSD card is always an option, unlike the Pixel XL, but it doesn't support Android's Adoptable Storage feature.. Conclusions The LG V20 is a fantastic phablet, no matter which carrier you choose. That said, the differences in carrier pricing make it difficult to give the phone a universal rating. At $672, the V20 is easily the best big phone for the price, coming in at around $100 less than the Galaxy S7 Edge and the Pixel XL. At $829.99 it's no less powerful, if not quite as strong of a deal.. The Pixel XL gets you a phone with the latest processor, guaranteed Android updates, 24/7 support, and an intelligent voice assistant. With the S7 you get a beautiful glass-and-metal build, waterproofing, and longer battery life with wireless charging. The V20 offers military-standard drop resistance, a removable battery, a genuinely useful "secondary" screen for notifications, and unbeatable audio quality for wired listening. For audiophiles and butterfingers, the V20 stands toe-to-toe with the S7 Edge, and earns our Editors' Choice recommendation.. Bottom Line: The attractive LG V20 phablet is overflowing with features that will appeal to audiophiles, photographers, and average Android users alike.. Ajay Kumar is PCMag's Analyst obsessed with all things mobile. Ajay reviews phones, tablets, accessories, and just about any other gadget that can be carried around with you. In his spare time he games on the rig he built himself, collects Nintendo amiibos, and tries his hand at publishing a novel. Hands On: Alcatel Series 5, 3, 1 Phones, 1T Tablets, Linkzone Hotspots. Skyroam Tips $99 4G Roaming Subscription Service. PCMag reviews products independently , but we may earn affiliate commissions from buying links on this page.. Get Our Best Stories! Email Sign Up. Subscribe to What's New Now. This newsletter may contain advertising, deals, or affiliate links. Subscribing to a newsletter indicates your consent to our Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. You may unsubscribe from the newsletters at any time.. Tech on a Budget: 35 Gift Ideas Under $20. 28 Hidden iOS 11 Tips You Need to Know. 13 Must-Have Tech Gifts Under $50. 10 Games Every Nintendo Switch Player Needs. TV Shows to Watch if You Love 'Stranger Things'. How to Master iOS 11's New Control Center. How to Play DVDs in Windows 10. How to Stop Blue Light From Disturbing Your Sleep. PC, PC Magazine and PC PCMag.com are among the federally registered trademarks of Ziff Davis, LLC and may not be used by third parties without explicit permission.. We have updated our PRIVACY POLICY and encourage you to read it by clicking here .. 
Select the department you want to search in. Sign in Account & Lists Sign in Account & Lists Orders Try Prime Cart. Your Amazon.com Today's Deals Gift Cards Registry Sell Help Disability Customer Support. 1-16 of 656 results for "lg v20". Save Up to 55% on Certified Refurbished LG Devices. Certified Refurbished products have been refurbished to work and look like-new, and are backed by a warranty.. See all results for lg v20 .. LG V20 H990DS 4G LTE Dual SIM Factory Uncloked, Android 7.0 (Nougat) OS 64GB 5.7-Inch 16MP + 8MP, No Warranty - International Version, TITAN. $395.00 (2 used &amp new offers). Trade-in eligible for an Amazon gift card. The LG V20 isn't just another smartphone. LG V20 H910a 64GB 5.7" IPS LCD Display Android Smartphone w/ Dual Rear Cameras (16MP+8MP) - Carrier Unlocked for all GSM Carriers Worldwide (Titan Gray). Trade-in eligible for an Amazon gift card. The LG V20 (unlocked by AT&T for all GSM carriers worldwide) isn't just .... LG V20 64GB H918 - Unlocked by T-Mobile for all GSM Carriers (Titan Gray). $189.99 (11 used &amp new offers). Trade-in eligible for an Amazon gift card. The LG V20 isn't just another smartphone. LG Electronics V20 H918 64GB - T-Mobile - Titan Grey - (Certified Refurbished). moments with the innovative new LG V20 , the first smartphone to ship .... LG V20 64GB Titan Gray Tmobile. Trade-in eligible for an Amazon gift card. The LG V20 records really high-quality audio and features a swappable .... LG Electronics V20 - Factory Unlocked GSM Phone - Titan Grey (U.S. Only 4 left in stock - order soon.. LG V20 - The Smart Phone Pinnacle of Audio, Video and Photography. LG Electronics V20 H910 64GB GSM Phone Titan Grey (unlocked att). $174.99 (36 used &amp new offers). Trade-in eligible for an Amazon gift card. LG V20 - The Smart Phone Pinnacle of Audio, Video and Photography. Genuine LG G6 V20 G5 Charger + USB C Cable 18W QuickCharge 3.0 Certified. Product Features Compatibility: LG G5 & NEXUS 5X. LG V20 H910 64GB - Titan Gray (AT&T). Only 9 left in stock - order soon.. $219.99 (8 used &amp new offers). Product Features LG H910A V20 64GB Titan Gray 5.7" Android Smartphone, AT&T (UNLOCKED). Original LG BL-44E1F Battery for LG V20 3080mAh BL44E1F EAC63320507 in bulk-packaging. $5.98 (6 used &amp new offers). Product Features Compatibility: LG V20. LG V20 VS995 64GB Verizon Wireless - Titan. Trade-in eligible for an Amazon gift card. Cell Phone Cases, Holsters & Clips. LG Battery Charging kit BCK-5200 for LG V20 (Battery + Battery Charger + Battery Case) International Version, No Warranty. Product Features Compatible with LG V20 ONLY. LG Electronics V20 - Factory Unlocked GSM Phone - Silver. $194.99 (12 used &amp new offers). Trade-in eligible for an Amazon gift card. Official US factory unlocked V20 , fully compatible with AT&T, T-Mobile .... LG V20 LS997 Titan - Sprint. Trade-in eligible for an Amazon gift card. Product Features Comes with Original LG Fast Charger and USB cable.. LG V20 VS995 64GB Silver - Verizon (Certified Refurbished). LG V20 - The Smart Phone Pinnacle of Audio, Video and Photography. All customers get FREE Shipping on orders over $25 shipped by Amazon. Cell Phone Batteries & Battery Packs. Cell Phone Cases, Holsters & Clips. 4 Stars & Up & Up. 3 Stars & Up & Up. 2 Stars & Up & Up. 1 Star & Up & Up. There's a problem loading this menu right now.. Get fast, free shipping with Amazon Prime. Prime members enjoy FREE Two-Day Shipping and exclusive access to music, movies, TV shows, original audio series, and Kindle books.. Careers About Amazon Investor Relations Amazon Devices. Sell on Amazon Sell Your Services on Amazon Sell on Amazon Business Sell Your Apps on Amazon Become an Affiliate Advertise Your Products Self-Publish with Us › See all. Amazon Rewards Visa Signature Cards Amazon.com Store Card Amazon.com Corporate Credit Line Shop with Points Credit Card Marketplace Reload Your Balance Amazon Currency Converter. Your Account Your Orders Shipping Rates & Policies Amazon Prime Returns & Replacements Manage Your Content and Devices Amazon Assistant Help. Amazon Music Stream millions of songs. Amazon Drive Cloud storage from Amazon. 6pm Score deals on fashion brands. AbeBooks Books, art & collectibles. ACX Audiobook Publishing Made Easy. Alexa Actionable Analytics for the Web. Amazon Business Everything For Your Business. AmazonFresh Groceries & More Right To Your Door. AmazonGlobal Ship Orders Internationally. Home Services Handpicked Pros Happiness Guarantee. Amazon Inspire Digital Educational Resources. Amazon Rapids Fun stories for kids on the go. Amazon Restaurants Food delivery from local restaurants. Amazon Video Direct Video Distribution Made Easy. Amazon Web Services Scalable Cloud Computing Services. Audible Download Audio Books. AudiobookStand Discount Audiobooks on Disc. Book Depository Books With Free Delivery Worldwide. Box Office Mojo Find Movie Box Office Data. ComiXology Thousands of Digital Comics. CreateSpace Indie Print Publishing Made Easy. DPReview Digital Photography. East Dane Designer Men's Fashion. Fabric Sewing, Quilting & Knitting. Goodreads Book reviews & recommendations. IMDb Movies, TV & Celebrities. IMDbPro Get Info Entertainment Professionals Need. Junglee.com Shop Online in India. Kindle Direct Publishing Indie Digital Publishing Made Easy. Prime Now FREE 2-Hour Delivery on Everyday Items. Prime Photos Unlimited Photo Storage Free With Prime. Shopbop Designer Fashion Brands. TenMarks.com Math Activities for Kids & Schools. Warehouse Deals Open-Box Discounts. Whole Foods Market America’s Healthiest Grocery Store. Withoutabox Submit to Film Festivals. Woot! Deals and Shenanigans. Zappos Shoes & Clothing. Souq.com Shop Online in the Middle East. Subscribe with Amazon Discover & try subscription services. Conditions of Use Privacy Notice Interest-Based Ads © 1996-2018, Amazon.com, Inc. 
No longer a brute, LG's svelte new V20 is a photographer's fantasy. Whether it’s taking sexy selfies or scenic landscapes, the LG V20 is the camera phone for the job.. Whether it’s taking sexy selfies or scenic landscapes, the LG V20 is the camera phone for the job.. Whether it’s taking sexy selfies or scenic landscapes, the LG V20 is the camera phone for the job.. Second screen works well for notifications. B&O certification not available in the U.S.. Unlocked version may not work outside U.S and Korea. Open me up, and you’ll see the battery. Phone Reviews Product Reviews. was a big, brutish, and brilliant phone from last year, but it didn’t appeal to everyone in the same way Samsung’s Galaxy Note 5 , or Apple’s iPhone 6S Plus did. It was a bit too ugly and bulky for most people. Now we have the LG V20 and it couldn’t look more different. The unusual textures, challenging body shape, and massive weight that singled the V10 out have all gone. We’re left with a svelte, lightweight stunner more in keeping with LG’s recent minimalist obsession that started with the LG G5.. LG really needs a phone that people adore, and want to rush out and buy. The G5 is just a bit too subtle, and its modular system of add-on components is not quite fully able to wow the masses. Can the LG V20 step up to the plate and hit a homerun for LG? We’ve spent a couple of weeks with it to find out.. The LG V20 has an aluminum shell, but it’s not a unibody design like so many of its rivals — there are very well disguised, and very hard wearing plastic end plates for a start. Then, when you look at it from the back, there’s a button on the left side that pops open the rear cover to reveal a removable battery. Try doing that with any other metal phone (except the LG G5, actually) and you’ll regret it. Although it’s removeable, the V20’s metal cover is solid, and it won’t bend or break without some serious pressure, and it’s very easy to put back into place. There’s also a MicroSD card slot, and a single SIM card slot.. With the V20’s innards exposed, you can take out the 3,200mAh battery and potentially put another fully charged one in its place. That’s a rarity for flagship phones these days. There was a time when having a removable battery was a necessity, and many people sorely missed the option to pop in a fresh battery when closed unibody designs started to take over. While it’s great for some hardcore phone fans, others will be quite used to charging their phone daily, or carrying around a battery pack for recharging on-the-go. The V20 is a bad-ass camera phone that rivals, and in some areas, surpasses the competition.. LG reinforced the V20’s body to meet MIL-STD-810G drop test and toughness standards, but don’t expect it to be all covered in rubber, or think as a brick. It’s only 7.6mm thick, and weighs 174 grams — which is very thin and light. It’s close enough to the Note 7 and iPhone 7 Plus that the differences are negligible. However, it loses points by not being water resistant, a consequence of the removable battery. Returning to how we feel about the replaceable battery, which only benefits some, we’d almost prefer the water resistance instead.. Our review phone came in the fetching ‘titan’ color, a dark steel grey, almost black hue. The design is let down by the camera bump on the rear panel. It’s especially large because of the two camera lenses, flash unit, and laser autofocus system it must house; but it’s not blended into the frame like the G5. It’s not drastically ugly, but the rest of the body is so uncluttered it stands out more than usual.. The V10 had a wide-angle selfie cam, while the G5 has a wide-angle rear camera. The V20 brings both wide-angle cameras together on one phone. The V20 is a bad-ass camera phone that rivals and in some areas, surpasses the Galaxy S7. and the iPhone 6S Plus. The jury’s still out on how it ranks against the iPhone 7 Plus , but it compares very closely on paper.. On the back is the same setup as the G5, which means a 16-megapixel f/1.8 aperture cam for regular pictures, and a slightly lower-res 8-megapixel for the wide-angle shots. Regardless of which camera you use, they’re glorious. On a sunny day, using the wide lens, the V20 produces vivid colors, extensive detail, and a beautiful landscape view. It takes some practice to frame shots like this, but get it right and you can minimise the slight fisheye effect that comes with the lens. Other times, the fish-eye adds a different and rather stylish dimension to your pictures.. Get close up to anything with the stock lens, and a wonderful depth-of-field can be captured, all without any software help, or a camera lens setup that’s optimised for it. Again, the colors and detail are exceptional, and it’s a pleasure to use. There’s a manual mode for the hardcore, but for once, I really didn’t feel the need to mess around with the settings under normal circumstances. Only for night shots — when a tripod is essential — was it necessary. There’s also a panorama, slow-motion shot, and LG’s weird pop-out picture mode, where you can add bizarre mosaic effects to an image. We love the G5’s camera, and equally love the V20’s camera too.. Swap to the front camera and you’ll notice that this time, there’s only one lens. However, it still manages to capture the same wide angle selfies as the V10. Whether you want to fit in a lot of friends, or a stunning vista without obscuring it with your face, it works superbly. The beauty mode helps smooth out lines and facial imperfections, but you’ll need to turn it down unless you want to look as though you’re made of plastic.. Recording video is also a pleasure, and the wide-angle selfie lens makes for some really excellent opportunities for live streaming. Only Full HD quality is available on the front cam, but UHD or Full HD at 60fps is available on the rear. LG’s highly capable HDR mode can be used front and rear as well. Regardless of the camera you choose on the V20, you’re assured of a stunning end result. It’s also the number one reason to buy the phone.. The V10 introduced the concept of a second display on an LG phone. It’s a small display above the main screen, designed for quick access buttons, and showing notifications and alerts. By removing the second selfie camera lens on the V20, LG has widened the screen to 2.1-inches, and increased the resolution to 160 x 1,040 pixels. You decide what you want to see on the second screen. There’s space for five shortcuts of your choice, a customizable signature screen, and some quick access shortcuts to functions such as Bluetooth, the flashlight, and Wi-Fi. Outside of this, it’s really helpful for notifications. They’re visible when you’re in other apps or playing games, and crucially don’t obscure the main screen. It’s a big bonus, and the first time you glance at a message and register what it says, without being frustrated that the notification got in the way, it’s something of a revelation.. The V20’s primary display is a big 5.7-inch IPS LCD with a 2,560 x 1,440 pixel resolution, and it matches the experience we had on the V10 and on the G5, but the latter’s smaller size makes it appear even sharper. You’ll still never be left wanting for color, clarity, or contrast, plus it’s packed with detail as you’d expect from a resolution that high. The big screen certainly makes the photos taken with the phone look superb, but it’s too big for comfortable one-handed use, despite the phone’s slim body.. The V20 has considerable musical talents. It’s the first to come with a Quad-DAC, while the V10 had a 32-bit single DAC. What does this mean if you’re not an audiophile? Well, it’s supposed to make your music sound better. You can turn it on and off, so you can establish if you can hear any difference. The answer will depend on your ears, your headphones, your choice of music, and your listening environment. In other words, you may not notice straight away.. Listening over a pair of B&O Play H8 headphones (with the wired, rather than Bluetooth connection), music is brighter, the bass ever so slightly deeper, and the sound stage more expansive with the Quad-DAC active. We’re talking about a relatively subtle change, but noticeable enough you’ll want to leave the Quad-DAC switched on. There was some sharpness to the treble occasionally, especially with high-pitched vocals, but it wasn’t unpleasant. The second display is also handy when you’re listening to music, as the app shows up with simple controls even when the screen is locked and dark.. There’s a reason we chose B&O Play headphones to audition the V20, because Bang & Olufsen has certified the audio prowess of the phone, and you’ll find its branding on the device itself. At least you will if you’re not buying the V20 in the U.S., where it doesn’t have B&O’s approval. It’s a bizarre decision, but it’s not the first time we’ve heard such madness from LG. The best module available for the G5 is the Hi-Fi Plus , made with B&O, which also can’t be purchased in the States.. The B&O certification isn’t a feature as such, more a series of tests and tweaks carried out by audio engineers to ensure a natural sound from the phone. The Quad DAC is going to have the greatest effect on the quality of sound, and a V20 without B&O certification is likely to just sound a little different, rather than better or worse. Once we’ve listened to the U.S. Unplug the headphones and the V20’s speaker is loud and clear, but there’s only one at the bottom of the device. Even Apple has realised the importance of a stereo speaker setup in a phone, so it’s a shame there’s only one here, especially as it sounds so good with headphones on. It’s not quiet though, and whether it’s games or video playing, there’s plenty of power behind the V20’s sound.. Perhaps you’re into making music, just as much as listening to it? The V20 has an HD Audio Recorder app and a very clever array of microphones, so you can record your voice, sing against a backing track, or even record concerts or other musical events. While we opted out of warbling away to test it out, we recorded a few conversations to hear the difference. It was impressive, and the ability to save files in a hi-res FLAC or WAV format helped a lot. In a back-to-back test with the iPhone 7 Plus, the V20 wiped the floor with Apple’s standard Voice Memos app, utterly removing background hiss, capturing voices realistically, and at a reasonable, natural volume. If an audition for the X Factor beckons, you’ll want to record it on the LG V20.. Android 7.0 Nougat is pre-installed on the LG V20, and it’s the first phone to come with the very latest version of Google’s operating system. Many of the alterations in Nougat are very subtle. For example, a short drag on the notification shade shows some quick shortcuts (but they’re mostly available in the V20’s second screen anyway), plus you can swap between the two most recently used apps with a double tap of the Recent key. However, the split-screen apps feature wasn’t present on our V20, and it wasn’t replaced by one of LG’s own either, strangely.. An excellent side benefit of having Android 7.0 installed at launch is that you won’t have to wait around for the update to come though like you will with almost every other Android phone out there at the moment. Right now, you can’t get any more up to date with an Android phone than the V20. In the future, updates will come when LG releases them, and like every other manufacturer that’s not always very timely. That’s an issue when it comes to security patches.. There’s no complaints regarding speed and overall performance here. A Qualcomm Snapdragon 820 processor with 4GB of RAM powers the phone, matching the Galaxy Note 7 and the Galaxy S7. Playing Danmaku Unlimited in HD, on both normal and hard mode, didn’t reveal any slowdown. The display is quite sensitive though, often picking up slight touches as prominent taps to open apps, and the auto-rotation often got confused and became a pain.. Battery life is good, but sometimes inconsistent. Shooting HD video, including many pauses with the screen still lit up, barely had any impact on the percentage shown on screen. Play some games though, and that quickly changes, resulting in a faster drain. However, we still found two days of regular use is possible, or a day and a half maximum if you use it more solidly.. That’s slightly better than what you’d get with the Samsung Galaxy S7 Edge or the iPhone 7 Plus.. LG gives you a one-year warranty on the V20, and it covers either repair or replacement, plus any labor charges. You’ll have to send it back to the company if it goes wrong though.. If a big-screen Android phone is what you want, the LG V20 is the one to buy.. If you’re itching to buy the V20, then you’ll need some patience. LG hasn’t revealed which carriers will sell it in the U.S., how much it will cost, or even the exact date it’ll go on sale. What we do know is it’s coming in the latter part of October.. LG V20 doesn’t have B&O certification, but that’s not where the V20’s sales problems stop. If you’re in the U.S., South Korea, or selected other countries, the phone will be available to buy. If you’re in the U.K., or some other European countries, then you’re out of luck because LG won’t sell you a V20.. Even if the B&O certification is tempting, don’t bother importing one, either. The model we tested here was designed for the UPlus network in Korea, and wouldn’t accept any U.K. SIM at all, despite being theoretically unlocked. It’s possible a Korean phone may suffer from the same problems for would-be U.S. This also raises concerns regarding the unlocked nature of the U.S. phone, and whether travelers should be wary it may not work with an international SIM card.. LG told us it’s possible U.S. phones will be locked, but it’ll be the carrier’s decision.. LG’s decision to not sell the V20 globally and limit B&O certification to certain areas sours what would be a sweet deal.. What’s doubly annoying is that it’s a very, very good time to sell a big-screen smartphone. Samsung’s hit quite a snag. with the exploding Galaxy Note 7 , and LG is missing out on stealing away some potentially disillusioned, previously dedicated Samsung fans by not selling the V20 everywhere. We can’t recommend buying the Note 7 right at this moment, but that’s sure to change in the near future, leaving the new iPhone 7 Plus. as the V20’s natural competitor until that happens.. That said, the V20’s cameras are superb, the second screen is better and more helpful than the V10’s version, and the audio — whether it’s recorded on the phone or played back — is wonderful. It’s a shame the tough body isn’t waterproof, but the V20’s removable battery is unique and may sway a buying decision for some. We also welcome an entirely up to date build of Android installed right from the start. If a big-screen Android phone is what you want, the LG V20 is the one to buy (assuming “must explode” isn’t on your list of desirable features).. However, while the V20 is excellent, outside of the big screen experience and wide-angle camera, it’s not leaps and bounds ahead of slightly smaller and equally great phones such as the Galaxy S7 Edge. The big-name smartphones in 2016 have been almost universally superb, and the V20 is another to add to the list.. This isn’t a bad thing, it’s great we have so many awesome phones to buy, but it makes the decision on which one rather hard. At the end of the day, this is our final judgement: For the person with an unlimited budget on the quest for a big-screen smartphone and stuck between the V20, a flaming Note 7, and the iPhone 7 Plus; buy the iPhone. In which, case, the V20 it is!. Add Us To Your Social Channels. Digital Trends helps readers keep tabs on the fast-paced world of tech with all the latest news, fun product reviews, insightful editorials, and one-of-a-kind sneak peeks. 
Our new search experience requires JavaScript to be enabled. Please enable JavaScript on your browser , then try again .. All Categories Antiques Art Baby Books Business & Industrial Cameras & Photo Cell Phones & Accessories Clothing, Shoes & Accessories Coins & Paper Money Collectibles Computers/Tablets & Networking Consumer Electronics Crafts Dolls & Bears DVDs & Movies eBay Motors Entertainment Memorabilia Gift Cards & Coupons Health & Beauty Home & Garden Jewelry & Watches Music Musical Instruments & Gear Pet Supplies Pottery & Glass Real Estate Specialty Services Sporting Goods Sports Mem, Cards & Fan Shop Stamps Tickets & Experiences Toys & Hobbies Travel Video Games & Consoles Everything Else. Hi ( Sign in to bid or buy) Daily Deals Gift Cards Help & Contact Sell. Summary Recently Viewed Bids/Offers Watch List Purchase History Selling Saved Searches Saved Sellers Messages. Refine your search for lg v20. All Listings - Current page. Quickly compare offers in our new grouped view. Save lg v20 to get e-mail alerts and updates on your eBay Feed.. Unfollow lg v20 to stop getting updates on your eBay Feed.. You'll receive email and Feed alerts when new items arrive. Afghanistan - AFG Albania - ALB Algeria - DZA American Samoa - ASM Andorra - AND Angola - AGO Anguilla - AIA Antigua and Barbuda - ATG Argentina - ARG Armenia - ARM Aruba - ABW Australia - AUS Austria - AUT Azerbaijan Republic - AZE Bahamas - BHS Bahrain - BHR Bangladesh - BGD Barbados - BRB Belarus - BLR Belgium - BEL Belize - BLZ Benin - BEN Bermuda - BMU Bhutan - BTN Bolivia - BOL Bosnia and Herzegovina - BIH Botswana - BWA Brazil - BRA British Virgin Islands - VGB Brunei Darussalam - BRN Bulgaria - BGR Burkina Faso - BFA Burma - MMR Burundi - BDI Cambodia - KHM Cameroon - CMR Canada - CAN Cape Verde Islands - CPV Cayman Islands - CYM Central African Republic - CAF Chad - TCD Chile - CHL China - CHN Colombia - COL Comoros - COM Congo, Democratic Republic of the - COD Congo, Republic of the - COG Cook Islands - COK Costa Rica - CRI Cote d Ivoire (Ivory Coast) - CIV Croatia, Republic of - HRV Cyprus - CYP Czech Republic - CZE Denmark - DNK Djibouti - DJI Dominica - DMA Dominican Republic - DOM Ecuador - ECU Egypt - EGY El Salvador - SLV Equatorial Guinea - GNQ Eritrea - ERI Estonia - EST Ethiopia - ETH Falkland Islands (Islas Malvinas) - FLK Fiji - FJI Finland - FIN France - FRA French Guiana - GUF French Polynesia - PYF Gabon Republic - GAB Gambia - GMB Georgia - GEO Germany - DEU Ghana - GHA Gibraltar - GIB Greece - GRC Greenland - GRL Grenada - GRD Guadeloupe - GLP Guam - GUM Guatemala - GTM Guernsey - GGY Guinea - GIN Guinea-Bissau - GNB Guyana - GUY Haiti - HTI Honduras - HND Hong Kong - HKG Hungary - HUN Iceland - ISL India - IND Indonesia - IDN Ireland - IRL Israel - ISR Italy - ITA Jamaica - JAM Japan - JPN Jersey - JEY Jordan - JOR Kazakhstan - KAZ Kenya - KEN Kiribati - KIR Korea, South - KOR Kuwait - KWT Kyrgyzstan - KGZ Laos - LAO Latvia - LVA Lebanon - LBN Liechtenstein - LIE Lithuania - LTU Luxembourg - LUX Macau - MAC Macedonia - MKD Madagascar - MDG Malawi - MWI Malaysia - MYS Maldives - MDV Mali - MLI Malta - MLT Marshall Islands - MHL Martinique - MTQ Mauritania - MRT Mauritius - MUS Mayotte - MYT Mexico - MEX Micronesia - FSM Moldova - MDA Monaco - MCO Mongolia - MNG Montenegro - MNE Montserrat - MSR Morocco - MAR Mozambique - MOZ Namibia - NAM Nauru - NRU Nepal - NPL Netherlands - NLD Netherlands Antilles - ANT New Caledonia - NCL New Zealand - NZL Nicaragua - NIC Niger - NER Nigeria - NGA Niue - NIU Norway - NOR Oman - OMN Pakistan - PAK Palau - PLW Panama - PAN Papua New Guinea - PNG Paraguay - PRY Peru - PER Philippines - PHL Poland - POL Portugal - PRT Puerto Rico - PRI Qatar - QAT Reunion - REU Romania - ROU Russian Federation - RUS Rwanda - RWA Saint Helena - SHN Saint Kitts-Nevis - KNA Saint Lucia - LCA Saint Pierre and Miquelon - SPM Saint Vincent and the Grenadines - VCT San Marino - SMR Saudi Arabia - SAU Senegal - SEN Serbia - SRB Seychelles - SYC Sierra Leone - SLE Singapore - SGP Slovakia - SVK Slovenia - SVN Solomon Islands - SLB Somalia - SOM South Africa - ZAF Spain - ESP Sri Lanka - LKA Suriname - SUR Swaziland - SWZ Sweden - SWE Switzerland - CHE Taiwan - TWN Tajikistan - TJK Tanzania - TZA Thailand - THA Togo - TGO Tonga - TON Trinidad and Tobago - TTO Tunisia - TUN Turkey - TUR Turkmenistan - TKM Turks and Caicos Islands - TCA Tuvalu - TUV Uganda - UGA Ukraine - UKR United Arab Emirates - ARE United Kingdom - UK United States - USA Uruguay - URU Uzbekistan - UZB Vanuatu - VUT Vatican City State - VAT Venezuela - VEN Vietnam - VNM Virgin Islands (U.S) - VIR Wallis and Futuna - WLF Western Sahara - ESH Western Samoa - WSM Yemen - YEM Zambia - ZMB Zimbabwe - ZWE. LG V20 - New in a Box! worldwide Unlock! 64GB Smartphone Model F800. New LG V20 H910 AT&T 64GB 5.7" Unlocked Smartphone in Sealed Box. LG V20 LS997 Android 5.7" 16MP 64GB Smartphone Titan Gray Sprint + GSM Unlocked. 3 new & refurbished from $134.95. LG V20 H910 - 64GB - Titan AT&T Smartphone. LG V20 H918 64GB T-Mobile Gray Android Smartphone Good Shape. UNLOCKED LG V20 H910 GSM 3G/4G LTE 64GB AT&T Android Smartphone 5.7" Dual 16MP. LG V20 LS997 - 64GB - Titan Black (Sprint) Smartphone 9/10. LG V20 H918 T-Mobile 64GB Titan Gray Android 4G LTE Dual Camera Smartphone. 3 new & refurbished from $155.99. UNLOCKED GSM - LG V20 H918 64GB Gray T-Mobile Android Smartphone. 3 new & refurbished from $184.95. Unlocked LG V20 H910A - 64GB 4G LTE (AT&T, T-Mobile) GSM World Phone - Silver. New in Sealed Box LG V20 H918 64GB 5.7" Smartphone T-Mobile ONLY. Factory Unlocked LG V20 H910 - 64GB 4G LTE (AT&T T-Mobile)GSM World Phone Silver. 2 new & refurbished from $182.65. LG V20 H910 GSM "Factory Unlocked" 64GB AT&T T-Mobile 4G LTE Smartphone. LG V20 US996 64GB - Black (US Cellular ) 4G LTE - Very Good See LCD (SD). BLUE BRUSHED ARMOR SHOCKPROOF DEFENDER HYBRID HARD COVER PHONE CASE FOR LG V20. New LG V20 VS995 VERIZON 64GB 5.7" Unlocked Smartphone in Sealed Box. Factory Unlocked LG V20 H910 - 64GB 4G LTE (AT&T, T-Mobile)Titan GSM World Phone. 7 new & refurbished from $184.75. V20 LG VS995- 64GB - Titan Gray (Verizon) Smartphone Mint Condition!. 5 new & refurbished from $182.85. LG V20 - 64GB - Titan H918 (T-Mobile) Smartphone. 3 new & refurbished from $155.99. LG V20 H910 AT&T Check IMEI C7. LG V20 H910 GSM "Factory Unlocked" 64GB AT&T T-Mobile 4G LTE Smartphone. 6 new & refurbished from $273.00. LG V20 - 64GB - Titan (Sprint) Smartphone. 3 new & refurbished from $134.95. Shockproof Brushed Card Pocket Holder Rubber Back Cover For LG V20 Phone Case. LG V20 H918 64GB T-Mobile Touchscreen Camera 5.7" Android Smartphone Titan Black. LG V20 - 64GB - Titan (Verizon) Smartphone with 128GB micro sd card. 5 new & refurbished from $182.85. OPEN BOX- LG V20 H990DS 64GB Dual Sim (FACTORY UNLOCKED) 5.7" 4GB RAM - Titan. LG V20 H918 - 64GB - Titan Gray (T-Mobile) Android 4G LTE 16MP Smartphone Great. 3 new & refurbished from $155.99. OPEN BOX - LG V20 H990DS 64GB Dual Sim (FACTORY UNLOCKED) 5.7" 4GB RAM - Titan. OPEN BOX - LG V20 H990DS 64GB Dual Sim (FACTORY UNLOCKED) 5.7" 4GB RAM - Titan. LG V20 H910 AT&T Unlocked Android 64GB 3G/4G LTE 16MP 5.7" Smartphone - 3 Colors. 6 new & refurbished from $273.00. OPEN BOX - LG V20 H990DS 64GB Dual Sim (FACTORY UNLOCKED) 5.7" 4GB RAM - Titan. OPEN BOX - LG V20 H990DS 64GB Dual Sim (FACTORY UNLOCKED) 5.7" 4GB RAM - Titan. LG V20 - 64GB - Titan (Unlocked) Smartphone. 6 new & refurbished from $273.00. LG V20 LS997 - 64GB - Titan (Sprint) Android 4G LTE 16MP Smartphone Ting Great. 3 new & refurbished from $134.95. OPEN BOX - LG V20 H990DS 64GB Dual Sim (FACTORY UNLOCKED) 5.7" 4GB RAM - Titan. MINT LG V20 H918 64GB METRO PCS T-Mobile 4G Camera Android Smartphone Titan. 3 new & refurbished from $155.99. LG V20 H910 - 64GB 4G LTE (AT&T, T-Mobile) Titan GSM World Smart Phone Unlocked. Evocel® LG V20 [Explorer Series Pro] Dual Layer Case [Kickstand][Cr edit Card]. LG V20 LS997 64GB Sprint Touchscreen Camera 5.7" Android Smartphone Titan Black. OPEN BOX- LG V20 H990DS 64GB Dual Sim (FACTORY UNLOCKED) 5.7" 4GB RAM - Silver. LG V20 64GB Titan Gray T-Mobile Unlocked Good Condition. OPEN BOX- LG V20 H990DS 64GB Dual Sim (FACTORY UNLOCKED) 5.7" 4GB RAM - Pink. LG V20- Titan -Unlocked - 64GB. 6 new & refurbished from $273.00. LG V20 Smartphone (Choose: AT&T T-Mobile Verizon GSM Unlocked or Sprint) 4G LTE. 5.7" LG V20 H910 (AT&T Unlocked) 64GB 4GB RAM 4G LTE GPS WIFI Android Smartphone. LG V20 TITAN SMART PHONE 64GB WITH 9 MONTHS MANUFACTURE WARRANTY. LG V20 H918 (T-Mobile) VS995 (Verizon) 4G LTE 5.7" 16MP 64GB ROM 4GB RAM Android. LG V20 VS995 (Verizon) Unlocked Smartphone Cell Phone (Page Plus) AT&T T-Mobile. LG V20 - VS995 - 64GB - Titan - Verizon. 5 new & refurbished from $182.85. LG Unlocked 5.7'' V20 AT&T H910 64GB 16MP 4G LTE 4GB RAM Android 7.0 Smartphone. LG V20 H918 T-mobile Clean IMEI C. LG V20 - 64GB - Titan (Unlocked) Smartphone (CA) BUNDLE DEAL. 6 new & refurbished from $273.00. LG V20 H918 (T-Mobile) VS995 (Verizon) Single SIM 4G LTE 5.7" 64GB ROM 4GB RAM. LG V20 - 64GB - Titan (Unlocked) Smartphone. 6 new & refurbished from $273.00. LG V20 TMOBILE ANDROID SMART PHONE WITH ACCESSORIES CLEAN T-MOBILE TMO V 20. LG V20 VS995 64GB GRAY - Verizon AT&T T-Mobile Unlocked GSM 7341810. LG V20 VS995 64GB GRAY - Verizon AT&T T-Mobile Unlocked GSM 7341811. LG V20 - 64GB - Titan (Verizon) Smartphone. 5 new & refurbished from $182.85. Unlocked LG V20 H910A - 64GB 4G LTE (AT&T, T-Mobile) GSM World Phone - Silver. LG V20 64GB H918 Gray Titan T-Mobile, Metro pcs , Simple Mobile. NO-RUSH 14 DAYS SHIPPING ONLY! US LOCATION!. Customs services and international tracking provided. Silver, Gray, Pink | 64GB | AT&T version. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. NO-RUSH 14 DAYS SHIPPING ONLY! US LOCATION!. Customs services and international tracking provided. NO-RUSH 14 DAYS SHIPPING ONLY! US LOCATION!. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. 24 Hour Sale Blowout, Free Shipping, Limited Quantity. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. 30-Day Warranty - Free Charger & Cable - Easy Returns!. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. eBay determines this price through a machine learned model of the product's sale prices within the last 90 days.. eBay determines trending price through a machine learned model of the product’s sale prices within the last 90 days. "New" refers to a brand-new, unused, unopened, undamaged item, and "Used" refers to an item that has been used previously.. Top Rated Plus Sellers with highest buyer ratings Returns, money back Ships in a business day with tracking Learn More. Top Rated Plus Sellers with highest buyer ratings Returns, money back Ships in a business day with tracking Learn More. $ Enter minimum price to $ Enter maximum price. Please enter a minimum and/or maximum price before continuing.. Site Map Copyright © 1995-2018 eBay Inc. Accessibility , User Agreement , Privacy , Cookies and AdChoice Norton Secured - powered by Verisign. Amounts shown in italicized text are for items listed in currency other than U.S. dollars and are approximate conversions to U.S. dollars based upon Bloomberg's conversion rates. For more recent exchange rates, please use the Universal Currency Converter. Number of bids and bid amounts may be slightly out of date. See each listing for international shipping options and costs.. 
LG V20 review: Everything a power user wants. The V20 has broad appeal, an interesting camera setup and mountains of features — but it doesn't quite 'wow' as a complete product.. LG's flagship "G" series of phones have been solid hits for the company, particularly with the G2 and G3 that outpaced the competition in many ways. But seeing an opportunity for an even bigger and more feature-packed phone, LG unveiled a new device and entirely new line with the V10 in 2015. It was huge, rugged and packed an incredible number of features for a single phone — the selling point was that it was for "content creation" instead of consumption.. In 2016, the general-appeal flagship LG G5 has fallen flat , and is hardly on the radar of those looking for a high-end phone. Interestingly enough, the V20 looks and feels effectively like a larger G5 — though it retains many of the features and much of the V10's DNA. This combination of approaches makes the V20 dramatically more appealing to a wider range of potential customers, but at the same time works to differentiate by packing as many features and specs as possible into a single big phone.. With two screens on the front, two cameras on the back, a removable battery, Android 7.0 Nougat running the show and a pile of content creation features, the V20 is quite a handful. It's also commanding a large handful of money to acquire one. With LG failing to get out of the blocks with the G5, and building on a narrowly successful V10, can the V20 draw from both to be a success? We're here to explore just that in our full LG V20 review.. I (Andrew Martonik) am writing this review after three weeks using a pre-production LG V20, followed by six days using an AT&T retail version of the phone. The phones were used on the T-Mobile network in Seattle, WA and San Francisco, CA, as well as the AT&T network in Seattle. Both phones were provided to Android Central for review by LG.. Last year's V10 was a physically imposing device, and while that was appealing to a small group of people it wasn't the right strategy to be a broad hit. The V20 takes many of the hardware features that made the V10 appealing — a large screen, removable battery, dual cameras and a hefty metal frame — and implemented them with far more subtlety and efficiency. You won't find a thick rubber back or heavy stainless steel sides anymore, but you'll get something that's a bit easier on the eyes while still being extremely sturdy.. The one area where the V20 doesn't differentiate from the V10 is in its sheer size. Though it has trimmed down a bit in terms of weight, the V20 is still a massive phone. For a point of comparison, the V20 is actually larger in each dimension than the iPhone 7 Plus , which itself is also known for being a very large phone. At 159.7 mm tall it's even a smidge taller than the huge Nexus 6 , though thankfully a few millimeters narrower and thinner.. So what takes up all of that space? Well, from the front it's all about screen and bezels. Starting with a 5.7-inch display means you're automatically going to have a large phone — add to it the "second screen" and that makes the phone a bit taller. Add in about average-sized bezels, a front-facing camera and an earpiece for calls, and now you're in "huge" territory. Despite its size and focus on audio LG didn't go with front-facing stereo speakers, though, leaving the output to a single downward-firing speaker to the right of the USB-C port.. The display itself — a QHD "Quantum Display" LCD — is really good, and unlike the past generation of LG phones gets very bright and stays vivid even in direct sunlight. It's not quite on the level of Samsung and the new Pixel XL , but it's darn close — I like it a lot.. The V20 is unapologetically massive, like the good 'ol days.. The glass around the screen doesn't extend fully to the top and bottom bezels, but flows nicely into the plastic (yes, the top and bottom are plastic for RF reasons) with curves shown off originally on the G5. It also smoothly transitions into the metal sides, which are actually part of the full removable back plate of the phone. LG has been one company that consistently puts value in having a removable battery in its phones, and it was basically a given that the V20 would follow suit. Rather than using a peel-off plastic back or odd modular bottom, LG went with a known but not often used strategy of a solid metal removable back.. The back plate is thick and extremely rigid, which is important — this bit of metal is the primary thing you hold on the phone every day, and the feeling of it would completely make or break the physical experience of the V20. The phone feels as though it's a solid piece of aluminum, even though the top and bottom are plastic, simply because so much of what you hold is this big chunk of metal. Now it honestly doesn't feel quite as nice as the Pixel XL, Moto Z or HTC 10 — you really can't fake your way to a unibody feel 100% — but it's damn good and much better than previous phones with removable doors. Importantly for LG, it feels like a different class of manufacturing from the G5's calamitous modular bottom and odd coating over metal.. This design isn't inspiring; it's materials taken to their expected conclusion.. Though LG clearly executed its physical elements well, I don't think it quite nailed the looks. This is a big silver or titanium grey rectangle with no eye-catching design flourishes — and that's really saying something, as I even found the Pixel XL (which many panned as being boring) to be appealing. The V20's design just feels ... Though the metal back is very well done, the subtle difference in texture and sheen between that metal and the plastic is easy to notice and tough to unsee once you do. The shimmery thin metal trim around the camera pod looks and feels more like cheap plastic. It's a huge grey rounded slab, no matter what angle you look at it from — there's nothing stellar to point to as a design feature that keeps you interested in it.. Design is subjective, of course, and some may appreciate the simplicity and lack of flare with the V20. And if you do, the fact that it's built extremely well and executed properly in terms of the hardware is extremely important. You're getting an unapologetically big phone that packs a ton of specs inside, including power user features like an SD card slot and removable battery, without compromising much in terms of feel or build materials — that's a win.. LG V20 Software, experience and battery life. LG is framing the launch of the V20 by the fact that it's the "first" phone to launch with Android 7.0 Nougat out of the box, and for all intents and purposes it succeeded in doing so. The phone launched in South Korea back at the end of September with the then-latest version of the operating system mere days before Google unveiled the new Pixel and Pixel XL running Android 7.1 — so, mission accomplished. Those of us buying in the U.S. will technically be getting the second phone with Nougat pre-loaded, as the Pixels have already started shipping and the LG V20 doesn't arrive in U.S. This "issue" was mostly created by LG's release cadence, where it takes nearly two months after announce to get a phone out and on sale in the U.S.; but it doesn't seem too keen to change that right now.. Those particular quibbles aside, I applaud LG's commitment to launching with the latest possible version of Android at the time it actually announced the phone. LG has obviously been a long-standing partner with Google and that surely played a role in its desire to launch with Nougat, though simply choosing to release a phone in the fourth quarter always helps you coincide with the latest Android platform release as well.. LG's take on Android 7.0 is a bit more subdued than its implementation of Android 6.0, and that's a welcomed change. The quick settings, notification shade and settings have all taken on a stark black-on-white look that's clean and easy to navigate, and isn't too far removed from what you find on a Nexus or Pixel today. LG has also dropped a lot of the shadows and crazy colors, simply going to a flatter overall look with splashes of a turquoise color for effect here and there.. LG's latest take on Android is subdued and simple in many ways.. Functionally, things are a bit improved as well. LG's navigation buttons, while still customizable, are now actually standard buttons that interact with the system properly in terms of full-screen mode and the back button switching to a keyboard collapse button where appropriate. Its Recents menu is also Nougat-standard, including multi-window support.. Unfortunately you still get a handful of reminders that you're using LG's software. It has kept around the dopey animations on the lock screen and home screen, and the design of the launcher seems a bit stuck in the past throughout. LG's default keyboard is a bit of a mess as well. Thankfully you can get past most of these issues with a swap of the launcher and keyboard — as I quickly did on my review units — to get something a bit cleaner and more modern.. LG unfortunately still caves pretty hard to the carriers in terms of bloatware, with my AT&T model shipping with an abhorrent 20 apps from the carrier, plus additional steps in the setup process and changes to the settings. It's all too much, and it's an area I wish LG could put its foot down and stop.. Bloatware is still a problem, and you'll want to switch out the launcher and keyboard.. When it comes to performance, LG does a pretty good job keeping its software running quickly with the Snapdragon 820 processor and 4GB of RAM. For the most part everything was snappy and even heavy apps or multitasking weren't an issue. I did however come across a few instances where things would chug along at a slower-than-usual pace, though, and sometimes I went through a minute or two when apps took an extra moment to open up. After thinking this was an issue with my pre-production version I was disappointed to see the same happen on the full production AT&T model as well. To be entirely fair the instances of slower performance were few and far between, but they happened often enough that they were frustrating.. Maybe I'm a bit spoiled having just spent over a week with the Pixel XL ahead of reviewing the production model of the V20, but the contrast in speed and overall fluidity between the two is quite noticeable. The Pixel XL is just downright faster, smoother and quicker to do everything. As I noted in my review of the Pixel XL it's almost an imperceptible difference most of the time ... but when you compare it side-by-side to another phone, like the V20, that's just a little slower you can see how impressive Google's software is.. Just like its predecessor the V20's "second" screen isn't really physically a second screen as much as it's just a little extra bit at the top of the main display panel that operates independently. Aside from in the camera app, the extra portion is never made available as a true extension of the main display — it's purely dedicated to the second screen experience of glanceable and always-available information.. The small 160x1040 resolution panel can be configured to display up to seven different panels of information, which you can swipe through left or right independently of what's on the main screen. You can see things like a set of five "quick tools" for most-used functions, shortcuts to five favorite apps, music player controls or quick contacts. I mostly used the quick tools and favorite apps launcher, but never really got into the habit of using the second screen.. The second screen is neat, but far from useful on a daily basis.. Much like I found with the "edge screen" on the Galaxy S7 edge (and Note 7), the second screen doesn't really do much other than duplicate functions I can already do very quickly elsewhere on the phone. Just as easily as getting to the quick tools I can swipe down the notification shade. Just as quickly as swiping and then tapping on a recent app in the second screen I could just hit the Recents button in the navigation bar ... and so on and so forth. Add to that the fact that the second screen is at the top of an extremely tall phone, and it makes it (literally) a bit less accessible than the same functions elsewhere on the phone.. The second screen is also kind of in the way when you want to reach up and swipe down the notification shade — I accidentally opened apps or toggled Wi-Fi more than a few times when I was just trying to swipe down to view notifications. If you have the second screen enabled to work when the screen is off you can get some accidental touches on it while it's in your pocket, too — while it's useful to work with the second screen to quickly toggle the sound profile when the screen is off, I more than once pulled out my phone to the flashlight having been toggled on accidentally.. The LG V20's battery is removable and swappable for a fresh cell at any time, but that means that the battery itself is a tad smaller than you'd likely get if it were permanently embedded. 3200 mAh isn't that small, but given the fact that smaller phones like the Galaxy S7 edge and Google Pixel XL manage to have 3600 and 3450 mAh batteries, respectively, it's clear there's a trade off going on here.. You'll get through a day with a bit to spare; but how about that removable battery, eh?. LG's done a pretty good job at getting battery life to where it needs to be on the V20, but it honestly comes up a bit short of my expectations. Thanks to the big QHD display, always-on second screen and below-average battery size, the V20 is good for a full day of use ... but it doesn't always do it with much left in reserve. My typical day, as I've described many times in reviews, involves a few hours of "screen on" time, lots of time spent on Wi-Fi, all of my email and social media accounts syncing, plenty of time spent listening to music and podcasts, and frequent use of Maps, Drive, Twitter and the like.. With this usage, the V20 was good for about 15-16 hours to be completely dead. That means on average I'd be ending my day with something like 10-15% battery in the tank, which is right on the cusp of being worrisome for me. That extra 5-10% drop off of capacity compared to other big phones could add enough padding that I wouldn't ever be worried about battery life on the V20. As it stands, though, it's good enough, but not spectacular — especially for a big phone.. And for some, the combination of a removable battery that can be swapped for a 100% charge in seconds and Quick Charge 3.0 support is enough to make up for that. I personally have no desire to manage charging and keeping around phone-specific batteries, so I leaned on Quick Charge 3.0 instead, but some people are still clinging to the idea that a user-replaceable battery is a thing they need. LG has hung its hat on high-resolution audio with the V series, and the V20 sports a 32-bit Quad DAC that you can quickly toggle on when you're using wired headphones. As I continually say when reviewing phones I'm not an audiophile in any way, though I do own and use a few pairs of nicer-than-average headphones. But no matter what you're listening to or what pair of headphones you have plugged in, you can clearly tell a difference in the audio quality from the high-end DAC on the V20. The audio is richer and fuller, with a wider range, and there's absolutely no downside here — you just get better audio any time the phone is outputting to the headphone jack.. My big question is this: if you didn't have access to the higher-quality DAC at the press of a button, or you were just listening to music on another phone with an inferior DAC, would you actually notice the difference? I'd posit that most people wouldn't, and while some of that comes down to the aspect of "not knowing what you're missing," there's something to be said for too much hype being put into these nicer DACs. Everyone will notice some sort of benefit, and better-sounding audio is always a good thing, but few people have the hardware or the ears to make the 32-bit Quad DAC in the V20 a selling point for the phone.. The V20's camera setup is something LG can be proud of, though it isn't materially different from what we saw several months ago with the G5. This is the same dual camera componentry, pairing a 16MP sensor with a "standard" lens alongside an 8MP sensor with a wide-angle lens. You also get a hybrid auto focus system that combines laser, phase-detect and contrast auto focusing to select the best one for the scene.. LG's camera interface is pretty simple but brings your most-used functions easily to hand on the left edge of the interface, including the second screen for toggling between shooting modes. Frustratingly it's still missing an HDR toggle, though — you need to hop into the full camera settings to use it. The V20 also offers an extremely comprehensive Manual shooting mode, including a Manual video mode, which is a photographer's delight. The one shortcoming I find in the camera's software is its speed. Sometimes it's lightning-quick to launch and take photos, and other times it stutters and lags while opening or switching between the gallery and camera — I expect more from this high-end of a phone.. I absolutely love shooting with the V20 simply because of its dual camera setup that offers so many new and exciting opportunities, and those who have used the LG G5 know what I'm talking about. Just about every photo your friends and family post online today is taken with more or less the same focal length, providing the same look of "I took this with a smartphone and uploaded it." With a tap on the screen you can switch the V20 to a wonderful wide-angle lens that takes super-interesting photos, and that's wonderful. I found myself taking somewhere between one-third and half of my photos with the wide-angle lens just so I could mix things up a bit. The only upsetting thing here is the dropoff in quality on the secondary camera.. When it comes to overall quality, the main 16MP sensor is obviously the better of the two — and it's awesome. The main camera takes great, vivid photos that are if anything a slight step behind the likes of the Pixel and Galaxy S7 edge, but only in some situations. In most scenes, I saw literally no difference in quality between the V20 and the competition, and that lines up with what we found when spending time with the G5 earlier this year. LG is doing things properly here.. The real issue for me is the dropoff in quality when you switch to the wide-angle sensor. Its lower resolution and higher f/2.4 aperture don't handle low-light situations in any way the same as the better main camera, and that's extremely disappointing. During the day the wide-angle camera does just fine, taking some amazing photos, but when the lights dim you can no longer rely on that wide-angle camera to give you the quality you expect, and that's disappointing. If LG could have figured out how to put an exact duplicate of the main sensor behind the secondary wide-angle lens, I really wouldn't be able to find a complaint with this whole camera setup.. In terms of video, the V20 boasts all of the right features. Beyond its Manual video mode that I mentioned above, the V20 offers up to UHD video recording, tracking focus, electronic "steady recording" and super-high-fidelity audio recording from multiple mics. Videos taken on the V20 are steadier than most thanks to the combination of OIS (optical image stabilization) and EIS (electronic image stabilization), but the stabilization offered in situations like walking down the street come up well short of what Google does on the Pixels — to the point where I wouldn't be surprised if a software patch was coming to improve things. When recording the mics handle a high range of audio without distorting, though — that's really impressive. LG easily has the best overall setup for recording video on a smartphone, even if its image stabilization isn't as smooth as Google's.. The V20 checks a lot of boxes in terms of features and specs: big bright screen, high-end internals, great cameras, fast charging, removable battery, SD card slot, fingerprint sensor, Android 7.0 Nougat, hi-fi audio, manual camera controls and so much more. But in putting this all together into one phone, it seems to be missing that extra little bit that makes it feel like a complete product to me.. The V20 includes a ton of specs, but is so big that it's unmanageable for many people. The removable battery is good for a small group of potential buyers, but the battery life suffers a bit and more importantly the build of the phone takes a hit (also losing waterproofing) to integrate the removable battery door. The second screen seems neat, but makes the phone taller and isn't all that useful on a daily basis. LG pushed to get the V20 running Android 7.0 Nougat out of the box, but its customizations still feel a bit mismatched and we have no solid prospects for regular security updates or future versions of Android.. The V20 is a great phone for power users, but some will notice its lack of cohesiveness.. There are two ways to measure the V20. The first is how it compares to its predecessor, the V10: the new model gets the hardware right, has better software and has retained the unique features of a second screen, removable battery and advanced camera and audio capabilities. It is quite clearly a huge upgrade from the V10, and in many ways a better complete device than the LG G5 as well.. Next, and more importantly, we have to look a bit more critically about how the V20 compares to its immediate competition from Samsung, Google, Moto and yes, Apple. Each of the flagships from the aforementioned companies offers a similar screen size, the same basic specs, a good camera experience, fast charging and long battery life, and in each case a better overall hardware build than the V20. Yes LG can lean on its great dual-camera setup, its slightly larger display, a removable battery and hi-fi audio ... but some people would give up one or more of those features for a more cohesive phone experience.. Late in 2016, smartphones are still all about compromises. Every single decision a company makes about a spec or feature has something else tied to it. With the V20, LG focused on getting the most stuff crammed into a single phone, and in the end the trade off was getting a phone that's not quite built as well as the competition, is a bit to big for many hands to manage and lacks the software polish to go against Google's own flagship.. Those who enjoyed the V10, the feature and spec junkies who are self-described "power users," will be all over it; and rightfully so, as the V20 does just about everything you could want and does it pretty darn well. The general consumers looking for a more thoughtful, well-balanced and considered phone are likely to drift in the direction of LG's high-end competition.. LG V20 review: Built for power users. Discuss the V20 in the forums!. Pixel 2 & Pixel 2 XL. Careers: Writer | Dev. 
National Accessibility Customer Service Skip to Main Content. Use arrow keys to access sub-menus and sub-menu links, this may require a mode change. In the meantime, explore some of our products and services:. Browse a selection of Phones, Devices & Plans. Note: Not all devices and plans are available for purchase at this alternate site. 
The source for Tech Buying Advice. More Car Tech. Tech deals, prizes and latest news. LG's twisted creation is back, with even more features this time around. There’s no contest: the LG V20 is the most feature-packed smartphone of the year. It’s a phablet that mostly nails the basics and adds on a ton of niche features, some of which you might not use all that much.. Just missed out on the Snapdragon 821. Price and release date The V20 retails unlocked for $799 (AU$1,099) Carrier promotions are a cheaper way of getting the V20 The LG V20 is currently not available in the UK Design The military-grade build is back and looking better than ever LG has made a whole lotta screen feel surprisingly compact Audience pleasers are here, like a removable battery and 3.5mm port About that second screen. Update : Sadly, the LG V20 never made its way to regions outside of the US. But there's finally a bit of good news if you were wanting to get your hands on one, or at least something like it.. LG is releasing the LG Q8 in European regions. It's a smaller, water-resistant version of the V20. It features the same innards, though strangely, it's said to cost nearly $700. Regardless, this novel device is finally making its way to new land.. The LG V20’s greatest claim to fame is that it probably has whichever feature it is you’re looking for - and some that you didn’t know you wanted until now.. Like its predecessor, the LG V10, it’s a total Frankenstein of a smartphone. Around the body of the V20, you’ll find two screens, three cameras and an abundance of other awesome hardware and software features that you likely won’t find elsewhere.. Additionally, it offers the drop-friendly qualities of its predecessor that we loved, but replaces the rugged design that we didn’t love so much with a more refined look. Its signature second screen is back, too, with more options for customization than before.. For those looking for a capable Android smartphone, the V20 answers the call and sits comfortably in the league of some other powerful options out there, like the short-lived Samsung Galaxy Note 7 and even the iPhone 7 Plus. However, the new Google Pixel outruns the V20 with its Snapdragon 821 chipset.. Weight : 174g Dimensions : 159.7 x 78.1 x 7.6mm OS : Android 7 Nougat Screen size : 5.7-inch Screen Resolution : 2,560 x 1,440 CPU : Snapdragon 820 RAM : 4GB Storage : 64GB Battery : 3,200mAh Rear camera : 16MP+8MP Front camera : 5MP. But outright comparing LG’s latest to more traditional smartphones is a bit unfair. After all, the V20 offers things that these phones, and many others, do not. Where else can you get a Nougat phone with a removable battery, four DACs, multiple wide-angle camera lenses and two displays - oh, and a 3.5mm port?. 2016 was a strange year in smartphones, wherein flying with one of the most-hyped flagships was outlawed. We also saw options like the iPhone 7 and Moto Z lopping off the 3.5mm - a divisive move against the legacy feature that has turned away many.. So, it’s only fitting that the LG V20 - one of 2016's strangest phone in terms of its looks - is also one of the most inventive and feature-rich releases - even if it doesn’t quite stick the landing on some of its marquee features.. The LG V20 is now available unlocked and can also be purchased through several carriers in the US, including Verizon, T-Mobile, Sprint, AT&T and US Cellular.. It costs anywhere from $28 to $33 a month on contract in the US, but can also be bought unlocked at full price for $799. That makes it one of the most expensive Android phones of 2016.. Purchasing the phone from a carrier might lock you in for a few years, but keep in mind that this is a global phone (supports both GSM and CDMA out of the box), and thus, barring any contract restrictions, you’ll be able to use it on most carriers around the world with no issue - even if the phone hasn't been released in your region.. As previously mentioned, the V20 retails unlocked for $799 (not available in UK, AU$1,099), but in many cases, buying it through a carrier is the cheaper option.. For example, Verizon is charging $672 unlocked or $28 per month. The carrier is also throwing in a $200 prepaid Visa gift card with purchase of the V20.. On AT&T, it will cost $829 unlocked or $27.67 per month. If you sign on with a 2-year contract via AT&T Next, the carrier will toss in an LG G Pad X 10.1-inch tablet.. While the carrier promotions do a lot to allay sticker shock for those who want the phone, LG is going a bit higher than the Google Pixel, which came under fire for its $649 launch price. For an extra $100, you can even nab Google's Nexus-killer upgraded to 128GB for $749 - still less than the V20 unlocked at most places.. Price aside, the two phones are more different than they are similar, so there's little reason to compare them too much. Still, Google just made it that much more difficult for LG to compete at a high price point.. From a distance, the LG V20 doesn’t look all too different from the vast selection of flagship-quality Android smartphones out there. But, as you know, it’s the details that work to set a product apart from the rest. And this phone has a lot of them.. First off, the phone’s measurements come in at 159.7 x 78.1 x 7.6mm, and it weighs about 174g, which makes it a slimmer, lighter phone than the V10. Compared to the Google Pixel XL , which ranges in thickness from 7.3mm at its bottom to 8.5mm at the top, the V20 sits near the middle of that range, but weighs roughly eight grams more.. And just because LG got rid of the V10’s textured back doesn’t mean it’s any less resilient to drops. The V20 boasts a military-grade build and is made up of a removable aluminum back panel that yields a smooth look and feel (that’s right: swappable batteries, Samsung).. The top and bottom areas of the phone are made of silicon polycarbonate, a tough material that LG is confident can take more than a few blows. Now that we have a final retail unit in office, we’ve tried it ourselves and are pleased with the result. From a waist-high drop, the V20 landed face-first onto cement and surprisingly, it came away without a single blemish.. Like the Sony Xperia XZ , LG has once again combined the fingerprint sensor and power button into one. Just hold a finger up to the sensor to activate it. It might take a little getting used to, but the sensor/button combo is responsive, tactile to press and works just like Apple’s TouchID-enabled Home button - except it’s on the back of the phone.. You won’t find much on the phone’s top, other than the IR blaster, and a microphone that assist in capturing 24 bitrate audio at 48kHz - a mighty impressive feature for a smartphone and a testament to its knack for audiophilia.. On its bottom, you’ll find this year’s hottest talking point, the 3.5mm headphone jack, featured alongside a USB-C charge port, microphone and bottom-firing speaker. Lastly, its volume buttons sit slightly recessed into its left side and are distinguishable enough to feel without having to hunt for them.. At first glance, the LG V20’s screen is just as stunning to face head-on as the one found in the V10. That’s because its 5.7-inch Gorilla Glass 4-covered screen is still pushing a 2,560 x 1,400 (QHD) resolution with 513 pixels per inch (PPI), and stretches up to 5.9-inches of diagonal real estate once you add on the 160 x 1, 040 resolution 2.1-inch-wide second screen. If you’re used to a smaller phone, like the iPhone SE, this will be quite the adjustment.. Why didn’t LG opt for Gorilla Glass 5, as seen in the late Samsung Galaxy Note 7? No reason in particular was given, but LG stated that it made it a little thicker than normal to ensure its durability. Regardless, it has held up just fine during our testing.. The chin area of the bezel is just about the same size as it was in the V10, though more of it is glass this time, which offers nothing in the way of capacitive button hardware - just an LG logo. If anything, it makes the V20 look a bit more mature.. In case you’re unfamiliar, the LG V20 and its predecessor are in a class of their own: phones that have two screens. The main display operates as you’d expect, but the always-on second screen is reserved for notifications, quickly launching into your favorite apps, and showing extra bits of information, like the time and date. You can also toggle quick settings here, like turning on the flashlight, and customize the default signature to show a personal note, like a mantra or a reminder.. Improvements over the second sliver of screen found in the V10 are minor, but welcomed, and include brighter visibility at 68 nits (up from 35), as well as support for longer, scrolling marquee signatures. The V10 topped out at 14 horizontally-scrolling characters, but you can do more here.. Depending on the size of the font you choose and the length of the words, you’re looking at between 24 and 30 characters. That’s the difference between “Please buy gro” and “Please buy groceries! :)”. In addition, the second screen can be programmed to switch off and turn back on at user-specified times.. Being the first phone with Android Nougat pre-installed, the multi-window feature is the perfect compliment to the second screen. Now, you’ll be able to get even more work tasks done without an on-screen interruption, or enjoy a full-screened game without notifications getting in the way of the heads-up display.. The second screen might first seem like a gimmick, and your mileage may vary, but it’s truly handy to have a dedicated place to view essential info without popping out of an app, or even waking the phone, for that matter.. Next Page What's it like to use?. You can unsubscribe at any time and we'll never share your details without your permission.. Get the best tech deals, reviews, product advice, competitions, unmissable tech news and more!. 1 Samsung Galaxy S9 release date, price, news and features. 2 Samsung Galaxy S9 launch: as it happened. 3 Samsung Galaxy S9 live stream: how to watch today's big launch event. 4 MWC 2018: All the latest news from the show. 5 How to watch Arsenal v Man City live stream online for the Carabao Cup final NOW. 2 Samsung Galaxy S9 Plus review. 3 Samsung Galaxy S9 release date, price, news and features. 4 Samsung Galaxy S9 launch: as it happened. 5 BlackBerry: 'we understand we are not for everyone' but 'we're here to stay'. TechRadar is part of Future plc, an international media group and leading digital publisher. England and Wales company registration number 2008885.. 
Life's Good When You, Play More. V series LG Ultra-Premium Category. America: H910 (AT&T); H918 (T-Mobile); LS997 (Sprint); US996 (US Cellular); VS995 (Verizon); H990T (Mexico). X12 LTE Cat.12 up to 600 Mpbs DL speed. ( 2016-12 ) ( India ). 159.764 x 78.1 x 7.6 mm. Planned: Android 8.0 "Oreo" on 2018.March or April. Qualcomm Snapdragon 820 >>. Quad-core (2x2.15 GHz Kryo & 2x1.6 GHz Kryo), HMP (2clusters), MSM8996, ARMv8 64bit architecture, 14 nm. Adreno 530 with VulkanAPI 1.0 fully support. GB LPDDR4 RAM (3.7 GB usable). 64GB(52GB usable), Encrypted EXT4 Filesystem. microSDXC up to 2 TB*( TexFAT Filesystem). mAh /12.3Wh (removable); LG BL-44E1F Li-Ion. MP f/1.9 aperture,83/120° wide-angle lens, FullHD 1080p video recording. Bottom-firing mono speaker, ESS Sabre "32bit Hi-Fi" Quad DAC +Headphones Amplifer. USB-C 1.0 reversible USB2.0 speed, Bluetooth 4.2 with AptX-HD ,LE, A2DP , NFC (File sending and Tap&Pay), GLONASS GPS support, IR for LG Remote, Wi-Fi a/b/g/n/ac with dual-band(2,4GHz and 5GHz), FM radio with RDS). MIL-STD810G US Military standard Drop protection, AL6013 body ,PolyCarbonate plastic up&down**, Metal battery cover with NFC antenna, rear-mounted Fast Fingerprint sensor, QuickCharge 3.0 , USB Power Delivery Rev. 2, Steady Record 2.0, 24bit/192kHz Studio Quality sound recording to in FLAC audio format,Barometer sensor,"Game battery saver" energy saving function. Last Known Software Versions [ edit ]. Wikimedia Commons has media related to LG V20. Asia: H990N (Hong Kong); H990DS (Global Dual-SIM). ( 2016-09-29 ) (South Korea). ( 2016-10-14 ) ( Philippines ). ( 2016-11 ) ( United Arab Emirates ). ( 2016-11-08 ) ( Australia ). Original: Android 7.0 "Nougat" 64-bit, Build:NRD90M, API level:24. mm) QuadHD 2560×1440 1440p (515. ppi ) LG Quantum IPS LCD Corning Gorilla Glass 4 Screen Protection. MP f/1.8 aperture 75° normal angle lens. MP f/2.4 aperture 135° wide angle lens. OIS ,2x Optical zoom, 4K/30fps video recording, Support Google CameraAPI2 manual mode,PDAF(Phase Detection AutoFocus) and Laser AF(LDAF) with Contrast AF( Different LDAF-PDAF ),Dual LED flash. LG V20 is an Android phablet manufactured by LG Electronics. 6, 2016, it is a successor to the LG V10 released in 2015. Similarly to the V10, the V20 is distinguished by a secondary display panel near the top of the device, which can be used to display additional messages and controls. The device also features quad DACs for audio. The LG V30 was unveiled on 31 August 2017, as the successor to the V20.. 1.3 Last Known Software Versions. The LG V20's overall design contains elements of the LG G5 , however it lacks modular capability, but has a chassis of mostly aluminum alloy(AL6013), with polycarbonate plastic top and bottom caps, a USB-C connector compliant with Qualcomm's Quick Charge 3.0 specification , and a rear-mounted power button with integrated fingerprint reader. It is available in Silver, Gark grey ("Titan"), and Pink-color finishes. The V20 features a 5.7-inch 1440p IPS LCD display, coated in Gorilla Glass 4. Similar to the V10, a second, supplemental display is located at the top of the device to the right of the dual front-facing camera. The display can be used to display notifications, controls, and marquee display messages. The screen was made larger and brighter than the version on the V10. The V20 includes ESS Sabre ES9218 32bit Hi-Fi QuadDAC to enhance sound output better quality up to 50%. The B&O Edition V20 ships with Bang & Olufsen H3 in-ear headphones. The V20 utilizes a Qualcomm Snapdragon 820 with 4. GB of internal storage, expandable via microSD card up to 2TB, and has a replaceable battery. The V20 ships with Android 7.0 Nougat and LG UX 5.0+ software. It was the first Android device to ship with Nougat. Planned to Android 8.0 update release on 2018.March or April. The V20 is included in the LG Product Security Support list. On this page follow the security updates.. LG V20 (H910) USA AT&T: Security patch level (SPL): November 1, 2017; Build number: NRD90M; Software version: H91010r. LG V20 (H918) USA T-Mobile: Software version: H91810s; Released 31.Jan.2018. LG V20 (VS995) USA Verizon Wireless: Software Version: VS99519AA; Android® Security Patch Level: 2018-02-01. LG V20 (LS995) USA Sprint: software version: LS997ZVC; REleased Jan.2018. LG V20 (US996) US Cellular: Software version: US99610L SPL: Unknown. LG V20 (H990 and H990DS) Software version and Security Patch Level(SPL) different in some region:. CLP Mid/South America PE/Peru Ver.:H99010b SPL:2017-07-01. ZAF Africa ZA/South Africa Ver.:H99010e SPL:2017-09-01. East/Africa AE/United Arab Emirates Ver.:H990DS10h SPL:2018-01-01. East/Africa AE/United Arab Emirate Ver.:H990DS10g SPL:2017-09-01. TPO Mid/South America MX/Mexico Ver.:H990T10a SPL:2016-12-01. HKG China HK/Hong Kong Special Administrative ‘Region of China' Ver.:H990N10q SPL: 2017-12-01. BPT North America US/United States Ver.:US99610n SPL: 2017-11-05. UCL North America US/United States Ver.:US99610l SPL: 2017-10-01. USA North America US/United States Ver.:US99610n SPL: 2017-11-05. Several user reported back camera protection glass randomly cracking Picture1 Picture2. Temporary screen Burn-in effect Picture,see FB logo under the camera, upper left corner Cause: there are many white color persistent displays on the display. Solution Turn off screen on 20-30 minutes,maybe 1 hour. Notice: This is an LG QuantumIPS Display Technological Failure, No Repairs / Replacement in Warranty, Just Temporary.. ^ "Hands on: LG V20 review". Retrieved 4 October 2016. ^ "LG launches V20 smartphone with Android 7.0 Nougat". Retrieved September 22, 2016 .. LG phones by series. Android phablets and tablet computers. Categories : Smartphones LG Electronics mobile phones Touchscreen mobile phones Mobile phones introduced in 2016 Android (operating system) devices Phones with dual rear cameras. Hidden categories: Official website different in Wikidata and Wikipedia. Not logged in Talk Contributions Create account Log in. Main page Contents Featured content Current events Random article Donate to Wikipedia Wikipedia store. Help About Wikipedia Community portal Recent changes Contact page. What links here Related changes Upload file Special pages Permanent link Page information Wikidata item Cite this page. Create a book Download as PDF Printable version. Čeština 한국어 日本語 Slovenčina Tiếng Việt. This page was last edited on 25 February 2018, at 18:11. Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License ;. By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc. 
Sign in to your account to view this secure information.. Waived activation/upgrade fee - save $30!. Web-exclusive deals on the hottest devices. Get your new phone FAST with in-store pick-up or overnight shipping. Your account is not eligible to shop online.. Thanks for being a Sprint customer. You have a past due bill. To shop online, you'll need to make a payment.. To make a purchase, you'll need to sign in as the account owner.. You cannot add any more lines to your account.. A plan change is in progress on your account. You'll need to finish or remove your plan change from your cart before you add a line to your account.. Looks like you have a plan change pending on your account. Please come back after your plan change has taken effect to add a line.. We want you back! Returning to Sprint is easy. 1 (855) 836-8723 to reactivate your account.. Your account is not allowed to order online.. This account is pending and not allowed to order a new line yet. You do not have permission to add a line to your account. Please contact the account owner to make a purchase.. You do not have permission to add a line to your account. Please contact the account owner to make a purchase.. You do not have permission to add a line to your account. Please contact the account owner to make a purchase.. Your account is not allowed to shop online.. Thanks for being a Sprint customer. You have a past due bill. To shop online, you'll need to make a payment.. You cannot add any more lines to your account.. You already have an order for this line in your cart. Click the cart icon to continue with your order.. Oh no! There is an error on your account that is preventing us from letting you upgrade online. Please chat to complete your order. Error code: installment billing loan and lease open.. You already have an upgrade order pending on this phone number. You'll need to cancel that order to order again.. Changing your credit status will also change the prices on the items you've already added to your cart.. Your credit score affects the amount of your down payment and monthly payments. What do the different credit options mean?. = a lower down payment on your device.. = a higher down payment, but lower monthly payments.. = You have a positive credit history.. Building credit = You've recently established credit or have some credit issues.. = You don't want Sprint to check your credit score.. Trade in isnt available online yet.. Please call at 866-275-1411 or visit a Sprint store near you to get this offer.. I've established a positive credit history.. I've recently established credit or have some credit issues.. Already a Sprint customer? Sign in to:. Lowest price for your phone + plan. Turn it in and upgrade to a new one at the end of your lease.. You own the phone after it's paid off.. Watch how to return your device. You cannot add any more lines to your account.. protection data-upgrade-device-button data-upgrade-link name= class="hide add-to-cart button button--full-on-mobile button--minwidth-md">Continue upgrade. Transfer your number, autopay and buy one, get one promotions will be applied during checkout.. Important! This selection will apply to all devices in your order and can be edited in cart. If something happens to your phone, you might have to pay up to $ to replace it.. If something happens to your phone, you might have to pay up to $ to replace it.. If something happens to your phone, you may have to pay full retail price to replace it.. If something happens to your phone, you may have to pay full retail price to replace it.. Transfer your number, autopay and buy one, get one promotions will be applied during checkout.. Important! This selection will apply to all devices in your order and can be edited in cart. <p>The LG V20 is the smartphone to tell your stories. With its Steady Record feature you can capture smoother video and significantly reduce unintentional movements. With three microphones, be prepared to capture more of the original live experience than ever before. And, experience more in your photos and videos by using the wide-angle cameras on the front and rear of the phone. Finally, audiophiles rejoice, as the V20 features unsurpassed audio playback with the 32-bit Hi-Fi Quad DAC.</p>. Battery information : 3200 mAh Li-Ion Battery (removable). Bluetooth profiles : A2DP, AVRCP, HFP, HSP, OPP, PBAP, MAP, HDP, HID, HOGP, PAN, SPP, ScPP, GOEP. Camera : Rear 16MP Wide Angle + 8MP / Front 5MP Wide Angle. Dimensions : 6.28" x 3.07" x 0.30". Display : 5.7" Quad HD IPS Touchscreen (2560 x 1440) with 513 ppi and 500 nit. Memory : 64GB ROM / 4GB RAM *MicroSD card slot supports up to 2TB (not included). Operating system : Android 7.0 (Nougat). Processor : QualcommÂ® Snapdragonâ„¢ 820 with x12LTE and 2.15 GHz Quad-Core Custom 64-bit Qualcomm Kryo. Talk time : Up to 27 hours. Energy Efficient Charger / USB Cable. Sign up for Sprint offers and news.. © 2018 Sprint.com - All Rights Reserved.. Sprint Unlimited Freedom plan: ** Mo. USF charge of up to 18.8% (varies quarterly), up to $2.50 Admin. /line/mo.) & fees by area (approx. unlimited domestic Long Distance calling, texting & data that streams video at up to HD 1080p, music at up to 1.5mbps, gaming at up to 8mbps. & 10GB of high-speed Mobile Hotspot, VPN & P2P data. After the 10GB, MHS, VPN & P2P usage limited to 2G speeds. discount you must remain enrolled in AutoPay.. Customers who use more than 23GB of data during a billing cycle will be deprioritized during times & places where the Sprint network is constrained. To improve data experience for the majority of users, throughput may be limited, varied or reduced on the network. if off-network roaming usage in a mo. or a majority of min.; or (2) 100MB or a majority of KB. Prohibited network use rules apply --see sprint.com/termsandconditions.. See store or sprint.com for details. Sprint & logo are trademarks of Sprint. Other marks are property of their respective owners.. 2 for 1 iPhone 8 offer:. Phone Offer: iPhone 8 64GB $699.99. Terms for all other customers will vary including amount due at signing & taxes/fees. Models with higher memory configurations may require a down payment. term, customer can continue to pay monthly lease amount, purchase or return the device. Customer is responsible for insurance and repairs. Early termination of lease/service: Remaining lease payments will be due immediately, and requires device return or payment of purchase option device price in lease. 2-for-1 iPhone 8: Reqs eligible plan. Credits end at end of term, early payoff or upgrade, whichever occurs first. Higher memory configurations, and iPhone 8+ will receive the same mo. credit amount & will not be $0/mo. iPhone X offer: Credits end at end of term, early payoff or upgrade, whichever occurs first. iPhone Forever: Does not guarantee mo. payment amount, phone selection, or svc. Upgrade after 12 payments as long as lease & early upgrade offered. active line thru time of upgrade with min. plan payments, new phone Lease Agreement, acct. in good standing, & give back of current eligible device in good & functional condition. After upgrade, remaining unbilled lease payments are waived. same generation model iPhone; must be next generation iPhone. Other Terms: Offer/coverage not avail. See store or sprint.com for details.. Samsung Galaxy offers: While supplies last. Phone Offer: Samsung Galaxy S8 MSRP $750.00; Samsung Galaxy S8+ MSRP $850.00; Samsung Note8 MSRP $960.00; Samsung Galaxy GS8 Active MSRP $850.00. Monthly Credits: End at end of term, early payoff, or upgrade, whichever occurs first. Terms for all other customers will vary including amount due at signing & taxes/fees. term, customer can continue to pay mo. Customer is responsible for insurance & repairs. Early termination of lease/service: Remaining lease payments will be due immediately, and requires device return or payment of purchase option device price in lease. Galaxy Forever: Does not guarantee monthly payment amount, phone selection, or service plan rates. Upgrade after 12 payments as long as lease and early upgrades offered. active line thru time of upgrade with min. 12 consecutive monthly service plan payments, new phone Lease Agreement, acct. in good standing, & give back of current eligible device in good & functional condition. After upgrade, remaining unbilled lease payments are waived. Upgrade does not include same generation model Galaxy; must be next generation Galaxy. Other Terms: Offers & coverage not available everywhere or for all phones/networks. May not be combined with other offers. Sprint reserves the right to change or cancel this offer at any time. See store or sprint.com for details. Samsung and Galaxy S are both trademarks of Samsung Electronics Co., Ltd. Other marks are the property of their respective owners.. LG V30+ offer: While supplies last. Phone Offer: LG V30+ MSRP $912.00. Monthly Credits: End at end of term, early payoff or upgrade, whichever occurs first. Terms for all other customers will vary including amount due at signing & taxes/fees. term, customer can continue to pay mo. Customer is responsible for insurance & repairs. Early termination of lease/service: Remaining lease payments will be due immediately, and requires device return or payment of purchase option device price in lease. LG Accessory Offer: Customer choice of either one Tone Headset (ARV: $179.99) or one Google Home (ARV: $129.99) (the "Gift"), with purchase of a qualifying LG V30+ or G6 between 2/9/18 at 12:00:00 am CT and 3/1/18 at 11:59:59 pm CT, while supplies last. of 50 US/DC, USVI, or PR, 18+. Offer available only for qualifying device purchases or leases at www.sprint.com or qualifying locations. Limit 1 Gift per qualifying device; 5 Gifts per account/household (excl. Visit www.lgpromotions.com/sprint for full terms and to submit claims by 3/15/18 at 11:59:59 pm CT. Sponsor: LG Electronics MobileComm USA, Inc., 1000 Sylvan Ave, Englewood Clis, NJ 07632. Other Terms: Offers & coverage not available everywhere or for all phones/networks. May not be combined with other offers. Sprint reserves the right to change or cancel this offer at any time. See store or sprint.com for details. Other marks are the property of their respective owners.. Terms for all other customers will vary including amount due at signing & taxes/fees. term, customer can continue to pay mo. Customer is responsible for insurance & repairs.. active line thru time of upgrade with min. 12 consecutive monthly service plan payments, & add-on if required, new phone Lease, acct. in good standing, & give back of current eligible device in good & functional condition. After upgrade, remaining unbilled lease payments are waived. Add-on must be added within 30 days of purchase.. May not be combinable with other offers. See store or sprint.com for details. 2 for 1 iPhone 7 offer. Offer is for a limited time only. Terms for all other customers will vary including amount due at signing & taxes/fees. Models with higher memory configurations may require a down payment. term, customer can continue to pay monthly lease amount, purchase or return the device. Customer is responsible for insurance and repairs.. Remaining lease payments will be due immediately, and requires device return or payment of purchase option device price in lease.. leases on iPhone 7 or iPhone 7 Plus. Higher memory configurations and iPhone 7 Plus for second iPhone will receive $22.92/mo. service credit and will not be $0/mo. Credit ends at end of term, early payoff or upgr., whichever occurs first. Both devices must be acquired/returned in same transaction.. Does not guarantee monthly payment amount, phone selection, or service plan rates. Upgrade after 12 payment as long as lease and early upgrades offered. active line thru time of upgrade with min. 12 consecutive monthly service plan payments, new phone Lease Agreement, acct. in good standing, & give back of current eligible device in good & functional condition. After upgrade, remaining unbilled lease payments are waived. Upgrade does not include same generation model iPhone; must be next generation iPhone.. See store or sprint.com for details. Phone Offer: Moto e4 $6.05 Lease:. Terms for all other customers will vary including amount due at signing & taxes/fees. term, customer can continue to pay mo. Customer is responsible for insurance & repairs.. Remaining lease payments will be due immediately, and requires device return or payment of purchase option device price in lease.. Credit ends at end of term, early payoff or upgr. Offers & coverage not available everywhere or for all phones/networks. May not be combined with other offers. Sprint reserves the right to change or cancel this offer at any time. See store or sprint.com for details. Other marks are the property o their respective owners.. moto e4 one-phone offer: Limited time offer. Terms for all other customers will vary including amount due at signing & taxes/fees. term, customer can continue to pay mo. Customer is responsible for insurance & repairs. Early termination of lease/service: Remaining lease payments will be due immediately, and requires device return or payment of purchase option device price in lease. Credit ends at end of term, early payoff or upgr., whichever occurs first. Other Terms: Offers & coverage not available everywhere or for all phones/networks. May not be combined with other offers. Sprint reserves the right to change or cancel this offer at any time. See store or sprint.com for details. Other marks are the property of their respective owners.. & off set with bill credit. Credit ends at end of term, early payoff or upgrade, whichever occurs first. May not be combinable with other tablet offers. Requires activation at point of sale. Available to new and existing customers who have an active Sprint wireless phone line. qualifying data plan and new activation. Only 1 Tablet Offer per account during this offer. active smartphone line and is not limited to 1 free tablet.. installment agmt., 0% APR & qualifying device & svc. Down pymt., unfinanced portion & sales tax (on full purch. If you cancel wireless svc., remaining balance on device becomes due. See store or sprint.com for details.. ET Mon-Fri, get it the next business day. If the device you're ordering is backordered, we'll ship your device overnight as soon as it's available.. Terms for all other customers will vary including amount due at signing & taxes/fees. Models with higher memory configurations may require a down payment. term, customer can continue to pay monthly lease amount, purchase or return the device. Customer is responsible for insurance and repairs. Early termination of lease/service: Remaining lease payments will be due immediately, and requires device return or payment of purchase option device price in lease. Other Terms: Offers and coverage not available everywhere or for all phones/networks. See store or sprint.com for details.. installment agreement, 0% APR, & qualifying device & service plan. Models with higher memory configurations may require a down payment. Monthly payment terms and down payment for all others will vary. Down payment, unfinanced portion and sales tax (on full purchase price) due at purchase. Early termination of 24-Month Installments/Service: If you cancel wireless service, remaining balance on device becomes due. Early Upgrade for 24-Month Installments: Req. active add-on thru time of upgrade with min. 12 consecutive payments of both the buy up and an installment agreement for devices, new phone Installment Agreement, acct. in good standing, & give back of current eligible device in good & functional condition. After upgrade, remaining unbilled installment payments for giveback device are waived. iPhone Forever: Limited time offers. Monthly lease payments exclude taxes (varies by area). Terms for all other customers will vary including amount due at signing & taxes/fees. Upon completion of lease term, customer can continue to pay monthly lease amount, purchase, return, or trade-in the device. Must remain on qualifying service plan and in good standing for duration of lease. Customer is responsible for insurance and repairs. Early termination of lease/service: Remaining lease payments will be due immediately, and requires device return or payment of purchase option device price in lease. iPhone Forever: Applies to upgrade on lease. Does not guarantee monthly payment amount, phone selection, or service plan rates. Upgrade does not include same generation model iPhone. Models with higher configurations may require an additional one-time capital cost reduction payment due at signing. Contract buy out offer: Amount based on ETF (early termination fee) charged or remaining phone balance. port from other carrier to Sprint; remain active; in good standing for 30 days before card issuance & buyback of working phone tied to offer. Phone must be deactivated & all personal data deleted. Register & submit final bill w/ ETF or phone balance within 60 days of switching at sprint.com/joinsprint. Allow 15 days after registration approval for Prepaid Card arrival. Excludes discounted phones, 100+ Corporate-liable, prepaid & ports made between Sprint or related entities. ÊPrepaid card: is issued by MetaBank, Member FDIC, pursuant to a license from Visa U.S.A. No cash access or recurring payments. Can be used everywhere Visa debit cards are accepted. Card and funds expires after 6 months. Card terms and conditions apply, see www.SprintPrepaidCard.com.. Early Termination Fee (sprint.com/etf): After 14 days, up to $350/line. Upgrade: See rebate form or sprint.com/upgrades for details. Other Terms: Offers and coverage not available everywhere or for all phones/networks. See store or sprint.com for details.. Our protection plans must be added within 30 days of activating your device. Available in select delivery zones by appointment only. Customer must be activating select new phones. Offer/coverage not available everywhere or for all phones/networks. Claim based on Sprint's analysis of average LTE download speeds using Nielsen NMP data (Feb. Actual download speeds may vary by location and device capability.. Other terms: Offers & coverage not available everywhere or for all phones/networks. May not be combined with other offers. Sprint reserves the right to change or cancel this offer at any time. See store or sprint.com for details. Sprint and the logo are trademarks of Sprint. Other marks are the property of their respective owners.. Please visit sprint.com/recycle for information about recycling in your state, including state agency website and contact information. (In CT or 860 424-3000; IL. Changing your credit status will also change the prices on the items you've already added to your cart.. Do you want to continue your session?. For security reasons, your session will be timed out in 2 minute.. Connecting to your account lets us quickly confirm your options, pricing and personal information.. Easily view or pay bills, update your account preferences, monitor data usage, upgrade online and get special offers.. What would you like to do?. 
The Xperia XZ2 is Sony's fastest, strangest flagship phone yet. OnePlus 5T will only play HD Netflix if you send it in for service. Galaxy S9 US pre-orders focus on trade-in deals. LG V20 review: Great for audiophiles, but who else?. Shooting photos in manual is great too, but the other features fail to stand out.. After the unabashed wackiness of its G5 , LG had a real conundrum on its hands: Does it keep up the modular streak for its 2016 V-series flagship phone and risk lousy sales, or try something a little more traditional? As it turns out, LG chose the latter and built a more conventional kind of powerhouse: the V20. None of that means the phone is boring, though. Between its stellar audio, a neat dual-camera setup and a second screen, there's theoretically enough charming weirdness here to help the V20 stick out from the competition. The bigger question is whether all those disparate bits come together to form a compelling whole. As is often the case, the answer depends where your priorities lie.. One of the few phones to come with Nougat. Tough to use with one hand. Don't let its dull looks fool you: Beyond the V20's flagship-level power and slightly tweaked version of Android Nougat is a device tailor-made for creatives. The V20 is an excellent media player (even with lossless files) and doubles as an impressive audio recorder. The dual-camera system still needs some work compared to LG's rivals, but at least shooting in manual mode is a pleasure. In the end, the V20 might be a must-buy for audiophiles, but everyone else should consider other options first.. It's funny how little the V20 ($672+) looks like its predecessor. Last year's V10 all but shoved its rugged design in your face, with its rubbery DuraSkin rear and a pair of stainless steel bars flanking its display. The design looked better in person than I thought it would, but it definitely wasn't for everyone. The V20, meanwhile, is more subdued in its style, even though it's rated to handle 4-foot drops, just like the V10.. Now, don't go confusing "subdued" with "attractive" -- the V20's aesthetic is best described as utilitarian, and I'd be surprised if anyone felt the blow-to-the-gut pang of attraction that sometimes comes with seeing finely crafted gear. In fact, when I first laid eyes on the V20, I couldn't help but point out visual similarities between it and the BlackBerry Z10 -- not exactly a comparison LG should be proud of. Regardless, the V20 is plenty sturdy: It's made of 6013-series aluminum capped on the top and bottom with a tough polycarbonate to help it deal with drops.. Gallery: LG V20 review | 32 Photos. Displays and sound Software The cameras. The 5.7-inch Quantum LCD display is a handful as it is, but the V20 also has a tiny secondary display above the main screen. For the sake of comparison, the V20 is just a hair longer and thicker than the iPhone 7 Plus , which is itself a whopper of a smartphone. Both of these phones also coincidentally share a dual-camera setup (which I'll dive into later), but the V20 is noticeably lighter. It's too bad that the V20 isn't water-resistant like some of its rivals, but the trade-off might be worth it to some people. You see, LG is one of the few flagship smartphone makers who still let users remove their batteries. To that end, there's a button low on the phone's left side that pops off the V20's metal battery cover, revealing a 3,200mAh battery and a combination SIM/microSD slot. The phone takes memory cards as large as 2TB, by the way, though the 64GB of included storage will probably be enough for most.. Sitting directly above is the standard rear-mounted fingerprint sensor, which is among the fastest I've used on a smartphone. Many people seem to appreciate its placement on the back of the phone, and I'm slowly becoming one of them. Sure, it would be nice to be able to unlock the V20 with a touch while it's sitting face-up on a table, but I like that the sensor is in the perfect spot for my finger to rest on it when I pull the V20 out of my pocket.. As mentioned earlier, the main screen is a big ol' 5.7-inch IPS LCD running at Quad HD, and it's noticeably brighter than the panel on the G5. As a result, legibility and color reproduction are also better under direct sunlight than on the G5 or the V10, though I'd be shocked if they weren't. Speaking of colors, they're rendered well across the board and look surprisingly natural, thanks to LG's Quantum display tech. When LG first embraced quantum displays in the G4 , it claimed it offered a more accurate take on colors. That may be true, but the V20's screen might not be for everyone right out of the box; it's quite cool, so there's a tendency for whites to look a little blue. You don't get the visceral vividness and deep darks that come with AMOLED screens, but hey -- it's ultimately a matter of personal preference.. More important, the secondary display is back. To be clear: It's not actually a separate screen -- just an extra bit that juts out from the top of the main panel. In theory, the 1040x160 overflow area is a neat idea: It acts as a dedicated zone for the time and notifications when the main display is off, and offers shortcuts to apps and actions when the main display is on. I have a few issues with LG's multiscreen implementation, but let's just get the big one out of the way first: As with the V10 and even Samsung's Edge line, very little about this second display is essential.. Most of the shortcuts -- like toggling WiFi and Bluetooth and grabbing a screenshot to mark up -- exist in the Quick Settings tray above the notifications shade anyway, so you're rarely saving time. Ditto for app shortcuts: I've found it much easier to leave my most used apps on the bottom row of a home screen rather than scoot up my hand (or use my other one) to tap on an app icon in the overflow area. Still, it's not like the second display is without merit entirely. The best part is having a set of music controls available while the phone is locked. Your mileage may vary, but I'd have given up on the second screen completely were it not for that.. So yeah, the second screen is of dubious value. The V20's audio performance more than makes up for it, though: The phone is kitted out with a Quad DAC and support for 24-bit high-resolution audio. I've been a little dismissive of this stuff in the past, but the V20 has helped me turn a corner. With the DAC enabled and headphones plugged in, your audio will automatically sound at least a little richer and fuller. The differences can be harder to suss out with certain songs -- particularly ones you stream -- but the changes stemming from the DAC are almost universally welcome. LG's choice of DAC also means the V20 supports 32-bit audio and lossless formats like FLAC, if that's something you're down with, though it goes without saying that the V20's single speaker won't come close to doing them justice.. Chances are you won't see them, but the V20 also plays host to a trio of microphones for high-quality audio recording. They're technically what are called acoustic overload point microphones, and I'll spare you the drawn-out explanation -- just know they're designed to keep distortion to a minimum in very loud situations. I've been pleasantly surprised by how crisp and clean the resulting records have been, and while these microphones would really shine at concerts and right next to musicians, they've also been great for recording interviews and conversations for work.. LG pulled off a neat coup with the V20: It's the first smartphone that shipped with Android 7.0 Nougat preloaded. Google made that victory a hollow one when it launched the Pixel and Pixel XL with Android 7.1, but whatever: Nougat is still surprisingly hard to come by, and I'll take it where I can get it. (You can check out our full Android 7.0 review here , by the way.) All of the new little -- and not so little -- Nougat tricks are here and ready to play with. Even LG left some facets of Nougat almost completely untouched, like the notifications shade and the quick-settings panel above it. That said, not every Nougat feature works as Google intended. Android 7.0 lets you play with the display size, for instance, allowing you to adjust the size of text and app icons. When left untouched, Nougat gives you five display options to help you find the perfect size, but LG's implementation gives you only three. Fine, that's probably not the biggest deal, but it's a sign that Google's word still isn't gospel for OEMs. At least the horsepower on display here makes the V20 an efficient multitasker; not every app works with Google's new multiwindow mode, but the ones that do run smoothly.. Of course, Nougat is only part of the equation -- LG painted over it with an updated version of its custom interface, called LG UX 5.0+. For the most part, it's a rehash of the interface on the G5, but there's at least one big change to keep your eyes peeled for. By default, the V20 doesn't have a traditional app drawer; all of your stuff gets splashed across your home screens by default. Seeing a flagship Android smartphone ship in the US without an app drawer is a little unusual because these setups are more popular in Asia, but it's easy enough to revive the launcher if you miss it.. The rest of LG's custom skin is as bright and inoffensive as always. I do wish LG would pare back its paint job to let stock Android shine through, especially since there's a tendency for some of the company's first-party apps to feel clunky. It doesn't help that my review unit is a Verizon model, which means it's loaded with bloatware I couldn't wait to uninstall or disable. At least Verizon was kind enough to shove most of its apps in a folder for easy decimation.. Remember the G5's fascinating dual-camera setup? The one that was eventually overshadowed by the iPhone 7 Plus even though they aspired to the exact same thing? Well, LG tweaked the formula for the V20, swapping in different sensors. All told, the 16-megapixel main sensor and 8-megapixel wide-angle camera next to it are fun to use in tandem, even if the resulting photos aren't as good as what competing devices are capable of.. Most of the time, you'll be using that 16-megapixel camera with its f/1.8 aperture and optical image stabilization and more often than not you'll get photos that look pretty good. Other phones do better with color representation and detail -- here's looking at you, Galaxy S7 and Google Pixel -- but the V20 puts up a decent fight. The larger problem here is one of consistency. When shooting in Auto mode -- which many people will be doing -- the V20 often gets the exposure a little wrong or gets a little too ambitious when it tries to automatically reduce noise. Low-light performance is decent too, but not even a wide aperture, image-stabilization and multiple autofocus methods can prevent grain and ghosting.. Gallery: LG V20 camera samples | 15 Photos. Performance and battery life Google Pixel Google Pixel XL Samsung Galaxy S7 Edge LG V20 AndEBench Pro 14,941 16,164 13,030 13,172 Vellamo 3.0 5,343 5,800 4,152 5,266 3DMark IS Unlimited 28,645 29,360 26,666 27,968 GFXBench 3.0 1080p Manhattan Offscreen (fps) 46 48 47 39 CF-Bench 30,997 39,918 46,290 32719 The competition Wrap-up. The smaller, 8-megapixel sensor has to grapple with these issues too, plus the barrel distortion that becomes prominent when you're shooting from a distance. It also would've been nice if LG tightened up the transition between the cameras when you're zooming in and out on a subject. There's still about a one-second pause while the phone makes the switch, which could make the difference between nabbing the shot you wanted and missing it completely.. As far as off-the-cuff shooting goes, the V20 could be much, much better. Ironically, the manual-shooting mode LG included might be my favorite on any smartphone. Familiar settings like ISO, shutter speed, white balance and more can be found at the bottom of the screen, but they're joined by a tremendously helpful manual focus mode that highlights parts of the image when they're nice and crisp.. The tragically vain will be glad to know that the 5-megapixel front-facing camera is perfectly adequate, and offers a wide enough field of view that squeezing a few friends into the shot should be no trouble. While we're talking about the perfectly adequate, shooting video with the V20, even in 4K, yielded footage that was pleasant enough. If only LG were better at playing the expectations game. The company spent a decent chunk of its V20 launch event talking about how awesome Qualcomm's built-in video-image stabilization is. And while it's certainly helpful, it's hardly the miracle-worker I was hoping for.. For all the V20's quirks, the stuff under the hood is very familiar. Like the G5 before it, the V20 packs a quad-core Snapdragon 820 chipset paired with 4GB of RAM and an Adreno 530 GPU. It would've been nice to see LG give the V20 another edge in the form of the newer Snapdragon 821 chip, but alas, we probably got a little screwed by the intricacies of supply-chain management. Either way, we're still working with a phone that keeps pace with the best of 'em; the slowdowns I experienced were thankfully rare, even when running graphically intense games.. That's great, but horsepower doesn't count for much without a good battery to back it up. Alas, the 3,200mAh cell here fails to impress. Sure, it's more capacious than the one that shipped with the G5 earlier this year, but that doesn't mean the V20 lasts any longer on a charge. In my nearly two weeks of testing, the V20 typically powered through 12-hour workdays full of Slack messages, emails, podcasts and the occasional Hearthstone match, and came out on the other side with about 10 percent charge remaining. For those keeping count, that's almost exactly the same usage I squeezed out of the G5 and its smaller battery.. Now, 12 hours of continued, mixed usage on a single charge isn't bad, and Qualcomm's QuickCharge 3.0 tech means topping up the V20's battery takes very little time. And if that's not fast enough, you could always carry around a spare battery and just swap it in as needed. Even so, there's no denying that devices like the Pixel siblings and Samsung's Galaxy series tend to last longer with their sealed batteries.. That was also true in our video rundown test, where we loop an HD video with screen brightness set to 50 percent while connected to WiFi. The V20 stuck around for 11 hours and 10 minutes -- that's a bit better than the 10.5 hours I got on the G5, but hours behind devices like the Galaxy S7 and Google's Pixel phones.. I've been making not-so-veiled references to Samsung's current line of Galaxy phones and Google's Pixel family, and for good reason. If you're looking for a new flagship and the V20 is on your shortlist, these devices need to be too -- after all, they offer similar horsepower for around the same price. For those who like the idea of the V20's second screen, there's always the Galaxy S7 Edge. It packs just as much horsepower as the V20 and an always-on display you can rub to peek at your notifications and the news without having to unlock the phone. In general, its battery life is much better too, though you'll have to deal with a custom interface and a lack of Android Nougat.. Then again, if it's great photos you're after, you won't do much better than the Pixel or Pixel XL. Both pair impressive 12-megapixel cameras with really impressive (not to mention instantaneous) HDR image processing, which add up to the best point-and-shoot camera experience on an Android device. It doesn't hurt that the Pixel phones run a clean version of Android 7.1 Nougat, offer access to Google's clever new assistant, and offer speedy performance.. By now, though, it's clear the V20 isn't your average Android flagship. There's an underlying emphasis on creativity here that extends way beyond what other device makers have attempted. In that regard, no clear competitors come to mind.. LG has done a fine job choosing top-tier components and focusing on things like audio quality and manual photography. On paper, that sounds great! In practice, there's an underlying lack of cohesiveness between these parts. Audio nerds will find a lot to like here, the swappable battery is nice, and there are some great shots to be captured if you're comfortable tinkering with the shooting settings. If what you need out of smartphone matches LG's vision, the V20 is a great choice. But for people who value power and polish over a highly specific set of tools, there are more well-rounded options out there.. Verizon owns Engadget's parent company, Oath (formerly AOL). Rest assured, Verizon has no control over our coverage. android , gear , lg , lgv20 , mobile , nougat , review , smartphone , v20 , verizon , video. Chris is Engadget's senior mobile editor and moonlights as a professional moment ruiner. His early years were spent taking apart Sega consoles and writing awful fan fiction. That passion for electronics and words would eventually lead him to covering startups of all stripes at TechCrunch. The first phone he ever swooned over was the Nokia 7610, because man, those curves.. Lenovo's Yoga 730 is a cheaper 2-in-1 with Alexa support. The company also announced the Flex 14 at Mobile World Congress.. The Xperia XZ2 is Sony's fastest, strangest flagship phone yet. And as usual, it has a tiny, equally powerful sibling.. Sony will sell its wireless 'open-ear' buds in the US. The Xperia Ear Duo lets you hear both the outside world and your music.. Tesla's electric trucks may be more cost-effective than expected. DHL thinks it could recoup the money in just a year and a half.. Canon's entry-level Rebel T7 DSLR targets social media users. It costs just $550 with an 18-55mm f/3.5-5.6 kit lens.. © 2018 Oath Tech Network Aol Tech. ear icon eye icon text file vr. 
To properly experience our LG.com website,. you will need to use an alternate browser or upgrade to a newer version of internet Explorer (IE9 or greater).. Right click at the top of your browser and make sure the “Menu Bar” option is selected. Select “Tools” from the menu bar and then select “Compatibility View settings”. In the pop-up menu uncheck all three boxes and click “Close”. Your browser window will automatically refresh and you’ll be ready to go. The LG.com website utilizes responsive design to provide convenient experience that conforms to your devices screen size. In order to get the best possible experience our LG.COM website please follow below instructions.. If you’re using Internet Explorer 8 or earlier, you will need to use an alternate browser such as Firefox or Chrome or upgrade to a newer version of internet Explorer (IE9 or greater) .. If you’re using Internet Explorer 9 and higher, turn off your Internet Explorer browser’s “Compatibility View settings” by following steps below:. LG SIGNATURE Products Support. Products OLED TVs Refrigerators Washers Dryers Air Purifiers Ranges Dishwashers. Mobile TV/Audio/Video Appliances Computers. Cell Phones Discover the LG V30 Discover the LG G6 All Phones AT&T Phones Sprint Phones T-Mobile Phones Verizon Phones US Cellular Phones Unlocked Phones. Bluetooth Headsets & Headphones All Bluetooth Headsets & Headphones Shop Headsets & Headphones Accessories Discover LG TONE Headsets & Headphones. Mobile Accessories All Mobile Accessories Wireless Keyboards Cell Phone Batteries Cell Phone Cradles & Chargers Cell Phones Covers & Cases. The Big Screen that Fits in Your Hand. TVs All TVs OLED TVs SUPER UHD TVs 4K Ultra HD TVs LED TVs. Home Audio All Home Audio Sound Bars Shelf Stereo & Loud Speaker Systems Bluetooth & Wireless Speakers Dolby Atmos Home Theater Smart Speakers Speakers with Meridian Audio. Home Video Blu-ray & DVD Players Projectors. TV Audio Video Accessories Remotes TV Wall Mounts 3D Glasses. Refrigerators Discover LG InstaView™ Door-in-Door® All Refrigerators Door-in-Door® LG InstaView™ Door-in-Door® French Door Side-by-Side Bottom Freezer Top Freezer Counter-Depth Kimchi/Specialty Foods. Cooking Appliances All Cooking Appliances Discover NeoChef™ Microwaves Ranges & Ovens Wall Ovens Cooktops Microwave Ovens Hoods. Dishwashers Discover QuadWash™ Top Control Dishwashers Front Control Dishwashers. Kitchen Accessories Refrigerator Filters All Kitchen Accessories Replacement Oven Knobs. Washers All Washers Discover LG SideKick™ Front Load Washers TWIN Load Washers LG SideKick™ Pedestal Washers Top Load Washers. Dryers Gas Dryers Electric Dryers. Steam Clothing Care System LG Styler. Air Care Solutions Air Purifiers Dehumidifiers. Vacuum Cleaners Robot Vacuum Cleaners Stick Vacuums. Knock Twice and See What's Inside. For Small Loads That Are a Big Deal. Consumer Monitors All Monitors Gaming Monitors 4K / 5K Monitors 21:9 UltraWide® Monitors UltraFine™ Monitors IPS Monitors LED Monitors. Commercial Monitors Desktop Monitors 21:9 UltraWide Monitors Medical Monitors Zero Client 4K UHD UltraFine™ Monitors. Burners & Drives All Burners & Drives Blu-ray Burners and Drives DVD Burners and Drives. Additional Support MyLG Account Parts & Accessories Document Upload Announcements Works with Voice Assistant. Repair Services Request a Repair Track Repair Locate Repair Provider LG Direct Service LG Authorized Service Center. Contact Us Chat & Email Telephone Twitter Support Ask the Community Facebook Support. Business Support Business Support Home Request RA Request SWAP Track RA or SWAP Status Business Warranty Enhanced Service Plan Five-Star Service. Top Searches LG Bridge LG PC Suite Smart Share Mobile Support TV Support. Discover Our Newest Collection of TV, Appliance and Mobile Accessories. Extend your protection for years to come with the additional peace of mind of LG Premium Care.. Step-by-Step Guide by Device and Cable Connector.. Search Search. Welcome Sign out. Video Resolutions up to 3840 x 2160 1. Record smoother, clearer videos, even on the move. 1280 x 720 resolution, 120 FPS. Video Player with Touch Lock and Resume Play Functions. Supports MP4, WMV, 3GP, 3G2, AVI, MKV, ASF, WebM, DivX®, and TS Formats. Adjust audio focus, manual focus, white balance, frame rates, and more. Take still shots while recording video. Combine a series of short video clips. Record a video that plays back faster than normal. Trim and adjust the speed of your videos. Creates a highlight clip from a longer video for easy sharing. Access social platforms instantly after taking pictures and videos. Pause then resume video recording for a continuous file. Zoom in/out on videos during playback. Capture still shots from a video playback. Include location information with photos and videos. Customizable Video Screen Ratio, Subtitle Settings, Playback Speed, and Video Auto-Close Function. 1.Available only on rear-facing camera or camcorder.. 2.Available only in manual mode; videos with Hi-Fi audio play only in apps that support Hi-Fi.. 3.Not available with some camcorder settings.. Digital-to-Analog Converter (DAC) for crisp, full sound through wired headphones or speakers. Capture high-quality audio on the go with the ability to record over a separate audio track. Audio Zoom 2.0 and Wind Noise Filter. Controls audio focus direction and minimizes background and wind noise. Universal learning remote; control compatible TVs, cable provider set-top boxes, audio systems, and more. Supports AAC, AAC+, eAAC+, M4A, AMR, MP3, MIDI, WAV, WMA, PCM, ADPCM, MKV, AC3/EC3, FLAC and Ogg formats. Organized by songs, albums, artists, genres, stations, and playlists. Dual Rear Cameras with Wide-Angle Lens. • 16 MP Standard-Angle Lens – 75 degrees, 1/2.8" image sensor, f/1.8 low light 1. • 8 MP Wide-Angle Lens – 135 degrees, 1/4" image sensor, f/2.4 low light 1. • Tracking Focus – track and maintain focus on a moving object. – zoom continuously between standard and wide-angle lenses 1. • Pop-out Picture Mode 1 – make your photos pop. • Film Effect – preset filter effects to give photos a film-like look and feel. • Camera Resolutions up to 4656 x 3492 (standard angle) or 3264 x 2448 (wide angle) 1. • Optical Image Stabilization (OIS 2.0) – capture sharp images quickly with less blur. • Manual Mode 1 – adjust shutter speed, ISO, exposure, white balance, and more; save image as RAW (JPEG + DNG). • Burst Shot 1 – hold the shutter button to take multiple shots in sequence. • Panorama Mode – capture the whole scene. • HDR Options – set HDR mode to on, off, or auto. • Multiple Shutter Options – tap the shutter, tap the screen, use your voice, set the timer, or press a volume key to take a photo. • Camera and Video Zoom – up to 8x 1. • Multi-view – create a photo or video collage with the dual rear and front cameras. • Quick Shot – Take a photo by using the camera shortcut key. 1.Available only on rear-facing camera or camcorder.. Wide-Angle Front Camera and Full HD Camcorder. • 5 MP Wide-Angle Lens 1 – 120 degrees, f/1.9 low light; toggle for standard-angle (83 degrees) option. • Auto Shot 1 – face detection automatically initiates a 2-second countdown timer to take a selfie. • Gesture Shot 1 – take selfies with a simple hand gesture. • Gesture Interval Shot 1 – make a fist twice to take four selfies in sequence. • Gesture View 1 – transitions between camera mode and preview mode automatically when phone is lowered. • Selfie Light 1 – screen illuminates around the photo preview for well-lit selfies. • Beauty Shot 1 – adjustable setting softens facial features. 1.Available only on front-facing camera or camcorder.. Improved experience, better productivity, and enhanced performance. Qualcomm Snapdragon™ 820 with X12 LTE and 2.15 GHz Quad-Core Custom 64-bit Qualcomm Kryo. Find content in the apps on your phone: contacts, messages, videos, and more. Turn settings on/off, open apps, or change settings according to location. Free up space by deleting temporary files and removing infrequently used apps. Adjust keyboard height and control cursor; adaptive word recognition based on user behavior. Tap a 6- to 10-point pattern to access the home screen. Position the keyboard closer to the left or right edge. View information and launch applications; includes customizable cards that provide tips, help users track health 1 , and more. Keep phone unlocked when connected to trusted devices or in trusted places. Take notes with ability to choose paper style, pen size and color, add text with a PC-like toolbar, and more. Write or draw on nearly any screen and then save to QuickMemo+ or Google® Photos™. Captures web page text and images and imports them into QuickMemo+. Double-tap the screen to put your phone to sleep/wake it. 64 GB (up to 50 GB usable space - varies by carrier). Unique ringtone created for each caller based on phone numbers. Includes Notification,Capture+, QSlide Function™ and customizable color settings. Overlay up to two windows with adjustable sizing and transparency. Minimize the battery consumption through apps control. Multilanguage support for Phone and Keyboard Input. Interface with a simpler layout and larger font size. Provides traditional Android layout of the home screen and apps list. Set a password/pattern to protect QuickMemo+ memos; prevent les from being previewed when linked to a PC 4. Card up to 2 TB (microSD cards sold separately). Shrink the screen for use with one hand. Copy multiple items and paste in a clipboard at the bottom of the screen. Turn off all notifications except chosen ones. Decreases the amount of blue light on the screen to help reduce eye strain. Make items on the screen larger or smaller. Gain access to your phone, make mobile payments, and secure content 3. 1.This app is not intended to diagnose, treat, or prevent any disease or medical condition. Always seek the advice of a qualified medical professional before making any changes to your exercise, sleep, or nutrition.. 2.LG does not guarantee the performance of this feature on all mobile browsers.. 3.Features and capabilities may vary by carrier.. 4.Some owner content may still be accessible to a user who enables Content Lock.. 5.7" Quad HD IPS Display (2560 x 1440) with 513 ppi. Provides quick access to notifications, recent apps, contacts and more. • Size: 6.28" (H) x 3.07" (W) x 0.30" (D);. • Rear Key with Fingerprint ID. • Corning® Gorilla® Glass 4 Protection. • USB Type-C™ with Qualcomm® Quick Charge™ 3.0* – reversible design for easier plug-in; fast charging and data transfer. • Release Button and Metal Battery Cover – provides quick access to the removable battery. Organized by songs, albums, artists, genres, stations, and playlists. Capture high-quality audio on the go with the ability to record over a separate audio track. Universal learning remote; control compatible TVs, cable provider set-top boxes, audio systems, and more. Customizable Video Screen Ratio, Subtitle Settings, Playback Speed, and Video Auto-Close Function. Organized by albums, timeline, memories, favorites, camera mode, and videos; access nearby devices. Supports AAC, AAC+, eAAC+, M4A, AMR, MP3, MIDI, WAV, WMA, PCM, ADPCM, MKV, AC3/EC3, FLAC and Ogg formats. Share a 4G LTE data connection with up to 8 compatible wireless devices 1. Connect directly to devices via Wi-Fi. USB 2 and Bluetooth Tethering. Share your phone’s Internet connection with your computer. Share contacts, web pages, and more via Near Field Communication (NFC). Allow compatible nearby devices to access your content via DLNA®. Wirelessly mirror device screen on a compatible display. Connect to a MirrorLink-capable car to share your screen and apps. Wirelessly share content with a computer using your LG account. Talk and text over an active Wi-Fi connection. Connect to compatible musical instruments via USB4 File and Photo Transfer. Transfer files or synchronize with Windows® Media Player. S-GPS and Qualcomm QCT Gen8C Service Support for Enhanced Location Accuracy. 3.LG Bridge download required on computer.. Be the first to buy LG’s most cutting edge phone yet.. Boasting next-level audio, silky-smooth recording capabilities, and crisp, clear content for life on-the-move—the V20’s specs are turning heads. Boasting wide-angle camera lenses that let you share life’s bigger picture with friends, family and everyone else, not to mention Quad DAC for cleaner playback, fast and fluid Android 7.0 Nougat, a stunning 5.7-inch Quad HD IPS Quantum display, unbelievable sound and video quality that masters those spectacular everyday moments, and a removable 3200mAh battery designed to last—the LG V20 specs are impressive. You’ll love the front and rear Wide Angle Lenses that deliver three-times more room to fit everyone in the frame, not to mention Steady Record 2.0, allowing you to capture sharp, smooth video without all the hand shaking. The V20 then sweetens the pot with 32-bit Hi-Fi Quad DAC capabilities that reduce up to 50 percent of background noise levels. The LG V20 smartphone gives you the enhanced features you need to feel the passion, seize the moment, and immerse yourself in the world around you.. Discover everything you ever wanted to know about the V20 , including its stylish and functional. Be sure to check out our entire collection of smartphones and mobile devices , as well, including tablets , smart watches , mobile accessories and more.. LG SIGNATURE LG SIGNATURE Brand Story LG SIGNATURE Products Products OLED TVs Refrigerators Washers Dryers Air Purifiers Ranges Dishwashers Cell Phones All Phones AT&T Phones Sprint Phones T-Mobile Phones Verizon Phones US Cellular Phones Unlocked Phones Boost Mobile Phones Cricket Phones Metro PCS Phones TracFone Phones Virgin Mobile Phones Xfinity Phones Smartphones Android Phones 4G LTE Phones Quad-core Phones Budget Phones Basic Phones Prepaid / No Contract Phones G Series Phones K Series Phones Stylo Series Phones V Series Phones X Series Phones Touch Screen Smart Watches Tablets Enterprise Mobile Solutions Bluetooth Headsets & Headphones All Bluetooth Headsets & Headphones Shop LG Bluetooth Headsets & Headphones Discover LG TONE Headsets & Headphones Mobile Accessories All Mobile Accessories LG Wireless Keyboards Shop LG Wireless Keyboards LG Cell Phone Batteries Shop Cell Phone Batteries LG Cell Phone Cradles & Chargers Shop LG Cell Phone Cradles & Chargers LG Cell Phones Covers & Cases TVs All TVs OLED TVs HDR TVs SUPER UHD TVs 4K Ultra HD TVs LED TVs 3D TVs Smart TVs Curved TVs 22 Inch to 29 Inch Class TVs 32 Inch to 39 Inch Class TVs 40 Inch to 43 Inch Class TVs 47 Inch to 49 Inch Class TVs 50 Inch to 55 Inch Class TVs 60 Inch to 65 Inch Class TVs 70 Inch to 79 Inch Class TVs 84 Inch to 105 Inch Class TVs Home Audio All Home Audio Sound Bars Shelf Stereo & Loud Speaker Systems Bluetooth & Wireless Speakers Dolby Atmos Home Theater Smart Speakers Speakers with Meridian Audio Home Video Blu-ray & DVD Players Projectors Home Security TV Audio Video Accessories Remotes TV Wall Mounts 3D Glasses Discover LG Matte Black Refrigerators All Refrigerators Door-in-Door® French Door Side-by-Side Bottom Freezer Top Freezer Counter-Depth Kimchi/Specialty Foods Cooking Appliances All Cooking Appliances Ranges & Ovens Electric Ranges Gas Ranges Wall Ovens Single Wall Ovens Double Wall Ovens Cooktops Gas Cooktops Radiant (Electric) Cooktops Microwave Ovens Countertop Microwave Over The Range Microwave Hoods Dishwashers Top Control Dishwashers Front Control Dishwashers LG Studio Kitchen Accessories Refrigerator Filters All Kitchen Accessories Replacement Oven Knobs Washers All Washers Front Load Washers TWIN Load Washers LG SideKick™ Pedestal Washers Top Load Washers Washer Dryer Combos Dryers Gas Dryers Electric Dryers Steam Clothing Care System LG Styler Laundry Accessories Laundry Pedestals Dryer Racks Laundry Hoses Dryer Lint Filters Washer Dryer Stacking Kits Air Conditioners Portable Air Conditioners Window Air Conditioners Wall Air Conditioners Casement Air Conditioners Air Care Solutions Air Purifiers Dehumidifiers Vacuum Cleaners Robot Vacuum Cleaners Stick Vacuums LED Lights Home Appliance Accessories Air Conditioner Accessories Consumer Monitors All Monitors Gaming Monitors 4K / 5K Monitors 21:9 UltraWide® Monitors UltraFine™ Monitors IPS Monitors LED Monitors Commercial Monitors Desktop Monitors 21:9 UltraWide Monitors Medical Monitors Zero Client 4K UHD UltraFine™ Monitors Laptops Burners & Drives All Burners & Drives Blu-ray Burners and Drives DVD Burners and Drives Computer Accessories Promotions Discover LG Promotions Rebates SUPPORT Register a Product Software & Drivers Manuals & Documents Help Library Video Tutorials Additional Support MyLG Account Parts & Accessories Document Upload Announcements LG Refrigerator Energy Offer LG Recycling Program Works with Voice Assistant Repair Services Request a Repair Track Repair Locate Repair Provider LG Direct Service LG Authorized Service Center Contact Us Chat & Email Telephone Twitter Support Ask the Community Facebook Support Business Support Business Support Home Request RA Request SWAP Track RA or SWAP Status Business Warranty Enhanced Service Plan Five-Star Service Top Searches LG Bridge LG PC Suite Smart Share Mobile Support TV Support ABOUT LG Press Release Media Contacts Career Opportunities Newsletter Signup PUBLIC NOTICES General Mobile TV/Audio/Video Appliances Computer Products Compliance Information. For Business Site Map Privacy Legal Patent Terms & Conditions Accessibility Help. 
The best way to stay connected to the Android pulse. Our main newsletter is the Android Weekly which is sent every Sunday and contains all the top Android news, reviews and features from the past week.. The best way to stay connected to the Android pulse.. 100% Privacy, No Spam Policy: We value privacy and your email address will be 100% secure. We hate spam just like you do and will never send you too much email, nor will we ever share your information with anyone.. LG V20 review: a premium phone that will delight audiophiles. by Lanh Nguyen October 31, 2016. Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus.. -Camera is not strong in low light. With two screens, a QUAD DAC, and dual cameras, the LG V20 is a productivity and media powerhouse that can fill the void for those who want more out of their smartphone.. Display (main) 5.7-inch Quad HD IPS Quantum (2560 x 1440 / 513ppi). Display (secondary) IPS Quantum display (160 x 1040 / 513ppi). Rear cameras 16MP, f 1.8, OIS, Hybrid Auto Focus, 75-degree angle;. Front camera 5MP, f 1.9, wide angle. Battery 3,200 mAh, user removable, Qualcomm Quick Charge 3.0. Connectivity X12 LTE (up to 600 Mbps LTE Category 12 with 3x Carrier Aggregation) / Wi-Fi (802.11 a, b, g, n, ac) / USB Type-C / Bluetooth 4.2 BLE / NFC. Dimensions 159.7 x 78.1 x 7.6mm. Samsung’s Galaxy Note 7 fiasco Â. has left a big gap in the market and one company that is primed to fill that space is LG, with the latest addition to their V series that was first introduced only last year. The new flagship features an all new design and build quality, while retaining some of the features that made its predecessor unique.. the company struggle with its attempt at modularity in the LG G5 and the V20 drops this in favour of a more traditional smartphone experience.Â. What does this smartphone bring to the table, and can LG take advantage of the opening in the high-end large display segment?. We find out, in this comprehensive LG V20 review!. The LG V20 may be succeeding the V10 , but the former features a complete redesign and new build that makes it more alike the company’s other flagship, the G5 , instead of its predecessor. Gone are the stainless steel rails and the DuraSkin material, with LG instead favoring a mostly metal build with polycarbonate found at the top and bottom chin.. The unique look of the V10 may no longer be available, and in fact, quite a few people I know who have come across the phone have mistaken it for an HTC device, but the V20 is still a good looking smartphone nevertheless, and feels great in the hand.. Despite the change in build material though, what LG has retained is the MIL-STD 810G certification for impact and shock resistance. It’s great to see that LG has managed to keep the durability that the V series is known for, without it being obvious just by looking at it.. At first glance, it is easy to think that the LG V20 comes with a unibody construction, but that isn’t the case. There is actually a button on the lower right side that releases the catch mechanism for the metal back plate, and allows for access to the removable battery, the SIM card slot, and the microSD card slot that allows for expandable storage up to an additional 256 GB. When the back plate is in place, it sits completely flush with the body, and looks and feels just like any other metal unibody smartphone.. The build quality is absolutely fantastic, and LG really deserves to be commended for managing the always figure out a way to offer a removable battery. LG has realized that there is still a big demand for this feature, and when it comes to high-end smartphones, the company’s flagships are the only options available. LG has shown that there is a way to have a removable battery with a metal phone twice now, and it would be great to see this available again from other smartphone OEMs as well.. Taking a look around the device, the headphone jack, USB Type-C port, and single speaker unit are all found at the bottom. The power button remains on the back, but as was the case with the G5, the volume rocker has been moved to a more traditional position on the left side, which I personally prefer.. The power button and volume keys are easy to press and offer a nice tactile feel, and the former also doubles as a fingerprint scanner. There is also an IR blaster up top, which is another feature that is rarely seen nowadays, but allows for a nice way to control your TV and other peripherals.. Just like its predecessor, the LG V20 also comes with two displays. The main display a 5.7-inch IPS LCD screen with a Quad HD resolution, resulting in a pixel density of 513 ppi. The display is bright enough to allow for easy outdoor visibility, features good viewing angles, and the high resolution means that sharpness is of no concern.. The only complaint would be that the colors aren’t quite as vibrant as I would like. That said, it’s still a pretty good looking screen, just as you would expect from a flagship smartphone.. The secondary display, which is a 2.1-inch screen with a 160 x 1040 resolution, is still at the top, and features a few improvements when compared to what was available with the V10. It is now slightly larger and brighter that makes it a bit easier to see outdoors, but not a lot has changed as far as functionality is concerned.. The secondary display shows a variety of different things like app shortcuts, recently opened apps, media controls, upcoming calendar events, your favorite contacts, and quick toggles for basic settings like Bluetooth and Wi-Fi. When the screen is off, information like the time date, and battery life will be on this display. You can also set a custom signature, but because the screen is wider now, you can set signatures that are much longer, and you can also include a custom signature wallpaper to match.. The second screen isn’t an entirely necessary feature, and it something that you may not use all the time. It is nice to have however, and if you do want to use it, it will prove to be really useful. There is a lot to like about the features it provides, with one of my favorites being the app shortcuts. You can customize up to five of your most commonly used apps, and the shortcuts will also show notification badges any time you receive a new notification, which is a really nice touch.. A minor issue with the secondary display is that because it is an LCD screen, it is really easy to notice light bleed coming from it when the main screen is turned off. It’s not a deal breaker by any means, but is something that you will see, particularly when in a darker.. I do however wish that the screen was AMOLED instead of LCD because itâs really easy to notice light bleed coming from the second screen when the main display is turned off. Itâs not a huge deal but it is something you will see when youâre using the phone in a darker environment.. Under the hood is what you would typically expect from a 2016 flagship, with the LG V20 also featuring a Qualcomm Snapdragon 820 processor that is backed by the Adreno 530 GPU and 4 GB of RAM. Even with LG’s somewhat heavy skin, the performance has unsurprisingly been excellent, and handles everyday tasks with no issues.. Apps open quickly, the touch responsiveness is great, and multi-tasking is very smooth. The V20 also handles gaming extremely well, and because the device is running Android 7.0 Nougat, you get to take advantage of better graphics and gaming performance with Vulkan supported games.. As mentioned, the power button doubles as a fingerprint scanner, and it works extremely well. As expected, it is fast and accurate, and takes a short amount of time to set up. Unlike other smartphones that feature physical buttons with integrated fingerprint sensors, you don’t have to press the button down in order to unlock the device, which makes it feel much faster.. The LG V20 comes with a single bottom-mounted speaker, which isn’t going to be compared favorably to front-facing dual speaker setups. That said, when considering single speakers, this is certainly one of the better ones out there. The real audio experience with the V20 however is on the inside.. The LG V20 has got a quad DAC built-in, and you can find out more about the specifics here , but what this basically means is that you are going to get much higher quality audio with less distortion and noise, and much better dynamic range. As long as you have a decent pair of headphones, you are going to hear a huge difference in how your audio sounds.. Because of the built-in DAC, the device is able to power much higher impedance headphones. It makes a pretty significant difference even with streaming audio, and you also have support for lossless audio like FLAC files, and 75 stage volume control with left and right balance controls, that let you really fine tune the audio to your ears.. Something to be aware of is that the audio tuning for the LG V20 in Asian markets is done by Bang & Olufsen, while the audio tuning for the device in other markets like the US is done by LG. It’s difficult to gauge what the differences are exactly, or even if there is a difference at all, and while I haven’t heard the audio with the B&O version, I’ve had no complaints with LG’s audio tuning.. Not only is the LG V20 able to playback much higher quality audio, but it is also capable of recording it. The built-in HD Audio Recorder lets you record audio in 24-bit FLAC files, and it can handle really high inputs, which means you can capture audio in really loud and noisy environments like sporting events or concerts, without the audio clipping or sounding distorted.. The LG V20 comes with a 3,200 mAh battery, and for a phone that has two screens, a Quad DAC, and is capable of doing so many things with photos and videos, you would certainly expect a much larger battery than that. Of course, you do always have the option to swap out the battery and carry a spare around.. Despite the battery not being as big as expected, the capacity proves to be enough to allow a full day of usage that involved texting, email, social media, music streaming, a few hours of gaming, and watching videos on Youtube. There isn’t a whole lot of juice leftover however. The battery life should be good enough for most people, but don’t expect this phone to last all day if you plan on using its ivdeo and audio capabilities extremely heavily.. With this being an LG flagship, the camera experience on this is going to be a pretty big deal. The V20 comes with a dual camera setup like what is also available with the LG G5, with a 16 MP main sensor with an f/1.8 aperture and OIS, that is coupled with an 8 MP wide angle secondary sensor with an f/2.4 aperture.. As was also my experience with the G5, I absolutely love the wide angle lens on the V20. Granted, the quality is not as good as the main sensor, but the wide angle lens is just a lot of fun to use, and works perfectly in a variety of situations, such as when taking group photos or capturing landscapes.. It makes a huge difference over the standard angle of the main sensor, and not only can you fit more into the frame, but the wide angle effect just makes the shot appear to be more dynamic.Â. Making the switch between the two cameras is also very easy. You can do so by tapping on the two icons found at the top of the camera interface, or the device will automatically make the switch for you, as you zoom in or out.. LG’s camera app is packed with features, especially when it comes to manual controls for photos and video, and it’s actually quite amazing how much they’ve been able to pack into this camera. You have granular control over every aspect, including white balance, ISO, exposure, shutter speed, and focus, just as you would on a DSLR.. One of the most useful additions to the camera is that it now has built-in focus peaking which makes it a lot easier to tell if your subject is in focus, and if you are a content creator, you will know exactly how useful focus peaking can be.. a plethora of settings that you can change on the video side of things as well. You can pick between a wide variety of video resolutions, including 4K, adjust the frame rate and bit rate, add film grade effects, and record Hi-Fi audio while recording videos for improved sound quality.. The control isn’t limited to just video, but also the audio capture while shooting video, all of which you can adjust live while recording. These include built-in controls for gain, a low cut filter, a limiter, a wind noise filter, and the ability to change the direction of the microphone’s sensitivity, and you can even monitor the audio levels directly through the viewfinder.. The camera does come with optical image stabilization, but it doesn’t work very well when it comes to video recording, with casual walking also causing a lot of jerks. Smoother looking footage is possible with LG’s “Steady Record” software stabilization, which does make a significant difference, but is far from perfect. You will see some warping or the “Jello” effect, especially around the corners, and is far more noticeable when using the wide angle lens.. Having all these manual controls at your fingertips is fantastic, but if you are purely looking to shoot in Auto mode, the picture quality is good, but unfortunately not great. There is plenty of color, saturation, and sharpness to be had, and you will be satisfied with the shot the majority of the time. Dynamic range isn’t the best though, and the camera always the tendency to overexpose the shot and blow out highlights. It also doesn’t handle bright colors like red, orange, and yellow all that well.. Low light shots will show some noise, which is not unexpected, and the camera isn’t too aggressive with noise reduction, which helps preserve some sharpness and detail. The camera’s white balance is heavily influenced from surrounding light sources though, especially when using the wide angle lens. Shots will appear too cold or too warm, and just like in most shots, it doesn’t do well with properly exposing highlights.. It is pretty obvious that the real strength of the LG V20 camera lies in its manual controls, and as is the case with any camera, whether it be a smartphone or a DSLR, you will always get a much better shot if you are willing to take the time and dial in the settings yourself.. The front-facing camera is a 5 MP unit with a wide angle lens, and unlike last year, LG opted to stick with just one camera up front this time around. Even though there is only one camera, you do still have the option to switch between a wide angle and a standard angle.. However, because only one lens is actually being used, switching to the standard angle essentially involves the image just being cropped, which deteriorates the picture quality. For the best results, it is definitely better to just keep it on the wide angle setting at all times, and if you want that close up shot, you can always just crop the image yourself after the fact.. On the software side of things, the LG V20 was the very first smartphone to ship with Android 7.0 Nougat out of the box, which is something that Google generally reserves for their own devices. This is definitely a big selling point for the V20 right now, given the fact that there aren’t many phones running Android 7.0 at the moment, but that is hopefully going to be short lived.. The V20 comes with all the latest Android features that were included with the update, including built-in Multi-Window support, the revamped notifications, direct reply, customizable Quick Settings toggles, and Doze on the go, just to name a few. The only Nougat feature that appears to be missing is the System UI Tuner. It is a useful feature on other devices like the Nexus devices and the Google Pixel smartphones, and is a rather surprising omission.. On top of Android 7.0 Nougat is LG’s custom skin, and it looks and feels a lot like what was found on the G5. It is still really bright, colorful, and somewhat cartoonish, and the app drawer is missing by default, but now, LG has at least made it easy to get it back. There are built-in themes available that have been made specifically for the V20, which is useful if you aren’t a fan of the default color scheme. There aren’t a lot of choices right now though, but that is something that will hopefully change in the upcoming months.. The latest version of LG’s UI is a lot cleaner than previous iterations, and a lot less intrusive as well, but it would have been nice if LG had done more with it to make it flow better with Android 7.0 Nougat. Aside from the fact that we know that it is actually running the latest version of Android, the experience remains largely the same as before, similar to what was on the LG G5.. So, there you have it for this in-depth look at the LG V20! The V20 may share some similarities with the G5, like a metal build and a dual camera setup on the back, but the former does offer and feature a whole lot more. What makes the V20 so great is that it isn’t trying to do anything too different or crazy, but instead, focuses on being a good smartphone.. The device comes with a new metal design that is great to look at, and comes without compromise in terms of durability, a big beautiful display, a very feature rich camera, and a fantastic audio experience. LG managed to do all this while still retaining staples like expandable storage and a removable battery, with latter being something you can only count on an LG phone to have in the high-end segment.. With the Samsung Galaxy Note 7 out of the picture, the LG V20 will have the entire spotlight to itself as the best big screened productivity powerhouse, and if that is what you are looking for, the LG V20 is primed to fill that Note 7 shaped void.. Your source for all things Android!. Â© 2018 Android Authority | All Rights Reserved.. 
National Accessibility Customer Service Skip to Main Content. Use arrow keys to access sub-menus and sub-menu links, this may require a mode change. In the meantime, explore some of our products and services:. Browse a selection of Phones, Devices & Plans. Note: Not all devices and plans are available for purchase at this alternate site. 
Menu Login Sign Up. Find the Best Cell Phone and Plan for You. Wirefly helps you save on cell phones and plans by offering innovative comparison tools so consumers can make educated choices. Compare Phones and Plans Compare Cell Phones. How Much Data Do I Need. Wirefly helps you save on Internet service by offering innovative comparison tools to compare Internet providers in your area.. Compare Internet by ZIP Code Compare Internet & TV Bundles Compare Business Internet. Test your current internet connection with our speed test and see what services your provider can handle. Find out your download speed, upload speed, latency, and more.. Test Your Internet Speed Internet Speed Test. Compare Cell Phones > LG. Purchase with a plan or or. Motorola RAZR V3 Dolce & Gabbana. DROID RAZR MAXX HD by Motorola. LG V20 is a smartphone that sports a 5.7-inch IPS LCD display, 1440x2560 resolution, and 513ppi index. It is equipped with a 2.2GHz Quad-Core Qualcomm Snapdragon 820 processor with 4GB of RAM. There is an onboard storage of 64GB with a microSD card slot for up to 2TB expansion. For photos, the device has a 16MP rear-facing camera with 4K video recording and dual camera. There is also a 5MP camera in front. The device runs on Android 7.0 Nougat and comes with a removable 3,200mAh Li-Ion battery, NFC, and shock resistance. Color options vary from Titan, Silver, and Pink.. Looks like there are no reviews yet, be the first to write one now.. Sort by Oldest Latest Negative Positive. Plans Unlocked Specs Media Reviews Deals. - Any - 0 5KB 50MB 30MB 100MB 125MB 150MB 200MB 250MB 300MB 334MB 350MB 375MB 400MB 500MB 600MB 625MB 700MB 800MB 834MB 900MB 938MB 1GB 1.2GB 1.5GB 1.6GB 2GB 2.03GB 2.5GB 3GB 3.7GB 4GB 5GB 6GB 6.1GB 7GB 7.3GB 8GB 8.5GB 9GB 10GB 11GB 12GB 13GB 14GB 15GB 16GB 18GB 20GB 22GB 23GB 24GB 25GB 30GB 32GB 35GB 40GB 50GB 60GB 80GB 85GB 100GB 120GB 150GB 200GB Unlimited. - Any - AT&T Atlantis Telecom Boost Mobile Cricket SpeedTalk Mobile BOOM Mobile CREDO Mobile GIV Mobile MetroPCS Net10 Pix Wireless Project Fi Pure TalkUSA Red Pocket Mobile ROK Mobile Republic Wireless Sprint Straight Talk Ting T-Mobile TextNow Tello Teltik TPO Mobile Twigby US Mobile Verizon Wireless Virgin Mobile. - Any - Monthly/No Contract Prepaid. Sort by: Price Carrier Minutes Data. LG V20 Unboxing and First Impressions. The LG V20 is a smartphone designed for diehard Android users.. Top 10 Android Apps of October 2016!. We've compiled a 'Top 10' list of our favorite Android apps to hit the Google Play Store in October 2016.. LG V20 vs LG V30: The Key Differences You Need To Know About. Should you upgrade to the LG V30 from the LG V20?. Expert Review User reviews. Deal of the Day: Save $90 on the LG Q6 Prime Exclusive Was: $299.99 Now: $159.99. Limited Time Offer on LG 230W Hi-Fi System with Bluetooth Connectivity (Certified Refurbished).. Limited Time Offer on LG G6 Tempered Glass (2-pack).. Learn about our LG G6 BOGO offer.. Free Prepaid LG Leon after $50 Rebate.. Get an LG G Pad X 8.0 for free online.. Device: New LG K20 on 0% APR AT&T Next (30-mo. at $4/mo) or AT&T Next Every Year (24-mo at $5/mo.) installment agmt. $0 down for well-qualified credit or down payment may be reqd. Retail price is divided into monthly installments. Tax on full retail price due at sale. After all credits, get LG K20 priced $119.99 for free (credits 30-mo. at $4/mo) or AT&T Next Every Year (24-mo at $5/mo.) Reqd Wireless: Eligible postpaid wireless voice & data svc on devices (min. for new svc with AutoPay and paperless bill discount. until discount starts w/in 2 bills. Existing customers can add to elig. If you cancel wireless svc, will owe device balance of up to $119.99. Restocking fee up to $45 may apply. Bill Credits: Applied in equal amounts to device over entire agmt term & will not exceed $119.99. Wireless line must be active & in good standing for 30 days to qualify. To get all credits, wireless line must remain active, with eligible service, and on agmt for entire term. If you cancel service, upgrade or pay up/off agmt early your credits may cease. Limits: May not be combinable w/other offers, discounts or credits. Purchase, financing & other limits & restrs apply. Participation in this offer may make your wireless account ineligible for select other offers (including select bill credit offers) for a 12-month period.. Google Lens lands on other non.... Google: Over 40 phone and carr.... Galaxy S9 could hit stores on.... LG to announce new models of K.... Report: Verizon is tops in App.... Apple rolls out fix for messag.... iPhone Won't Turn On and How T.... How To Add Buttons To Control Cente.... The Best Cryptocurrency Apps for An.... How To Transfer Photos from iPhone.... GreatCall Review 2018: A Great Serv.... Everything You Need to Know About C.... Find the Best Cell Phone and Plan for You. Wirefly helps you save on cell phones and plans by offering innovative comparison tools so consumers can make educated choices. Find The Best TV and Internet Providers For You. Paying too much for Internet or TV service? Use our tool to compare Internet providers, TV providers, and bundled services.. Apple iPhone 7 Plus Alcatel onetouch Pixi Charm ZTE Lever Samsung Galaxy E5 Kyocera DuraForce Pro Samsung Galaxy J1 Ace Kyocera Hydro Air BLU Dash X Motorola Moto G Play LG X Power. Wirefly Is America's Most Trusted Source For All Cell Phones, Plans, TV, and Internet Deals. Wirefly offers great deals on a large selection of smartphones, cell phones, tablets, mobile hotspots, and other wireless devices for the nation's most popular carriers. Use Wirefly’s innovative cell phone and plan comparison tools to ensure you are getting the best deal on the market. Shop with confidence knowing that Wirefly wants to help you find the best prices on cell phones, cell phone plans, TV, and Internet service.. Privacy Policy | Term of Use | Contact | About Us. WireFly.com © 2018 All Rights Reserved. 
Hi ( Sign in to bid or buy) Daily Deals Gift Cards Help & Contact Sell. Summary Recently Viewed Bids/Offers Watch List Purchase History Selling Saved Searches Saved Sellers Messages. eBay > Cell Phones & Accessories > Cell Phones & Smartphones. LG V20 - 64GB - Titan (Verizon) Smartphone. 4.8 average based on 114 product ratings. The lowest-priced item in unused and unworn condition with absolutely no signs of wear.The item may be missing the original packaging (such as the original box or bag or tags) or in the original packaging but not sealed. The item may be a factory second or a new, unused item with defects or irregularities.See details for description of any imperfections.. Get it by Mon, Mar 5 - Sat, Mar 10 from Englishtown, New Jersey • New other (see details) condition • Returns accepted - 14 days money back or item exchange • Almost gone. Fully Functional! Good IMEI! New Cosmetic Condition! For sale is one LG V20 Verizon - GSM Unlocked. Sim Card and Box not included. ( 15599 ) 98.4% Positive feedback. Current slide {CURRENT_SLIDE} of {TOTAL_SLIDES}- Top picked items. Get it by Mon, Mar 5 - Sat, Mar 10 from Englishtown, New Jersey. Get it by Mon, Mar 5 - Sat, Mar 10 from Englishtown, New Jersey. Get it by Tue, Mar 6 - Sat, Mar 10 from Oklahoma City, Oklahoma. Get it by Mon, Mar 5 - Wed, Mar 14 from Portland, Maine. Frequently bought together LG V20 - 64GB - Titan (Verizon) Smartphone + LG V20 Wallet Case Vena Vcommute Flip Leather Back Card Slot Holder Smart C + for 2pack LG V20 Clear Tempered Glass Full Cover Screen Protection Phone Gift Add All to Cart. item 1 LG V20 - 64GB - Titan (Verizon) Smartphone-See Description- (CD4003) - LG V20 - 64GB - Titan (Verizon) Smartphone-See Description- (CD4003). item 2 LG V20 - VS995 - 64GB - Titan - Verizon - LG V20 - VS995 - 64GB - Titan - Verizon. item 3 LG V20 - 64GB - VS995 - Titan - Verizon - GSM Unlocked - LG V20 - 64GB - VS995 - Titan - Verizon - GSM Unlocked. item 4 Unlocked - LG V20 - 64GB - Titan (Verizon) Smartphone Clean ESN - Unlocked - LG V20 - 64GB - Titan (Verizon) Smartphone Clean ESN. item 5 Unlocked - LG V20 - 64GB - Titan (Verizon) Smartphone 4G LTE - Unlocked - LG V20 - 64GB - Titan (Verizon) Smartphone 4G LTE. item 6 LG V20 - VS995 - 64GB - Titan - Verizon - LG V20 - VS995 - 64GB - Titan - Verizon. item 7 LG V20 - 64GB - Titan (Verizon) Smartphone with 128GB micro sd card - LG V20 - 64GB - Titan (Verizon) Smartphone with 128GB micro sd card. LG V20 - 64GB - Titan (Verizon) Smartphone. Current slide {CURRENT_SLIDE} of {TOTAL_SLIDES}- Compare similar products. LG V30 VS996 - 64GB - Silver (Verizon) Smartphone. LG V20 - 64GB - Titan (Unlocked) Smartphone. LG V10 VS990 - 64GB - Luxe White (Verizon) Smartphone. LG V20 - 64GB - Titan (Sprint) Smartphone. LG V10 VS990 - 64GB - Space Black (Verizon) Smartphone. LG V20 - 64GB - Titan (U.S. LG V20 - 64GB - Silver (Unlocked) Smartphone. LG G5 VS987 - 32GB - Silver (Verizon) Smartphone. LG V20 - 64GB - Titan (T-Mobile) Smartphone. LG V20 - 64GB - Silver (AT&T) Smartphone. LG G5 VS987 - 32GB - Titan (Verizon) Smartphone. LG V20 - 64GB - Titan AT&T Smartphone. Samsung Galaxy S8 SM-G950U - 64GB - Midnight Black (Verizon) Smartphone. LG G6 - 32GB - Astro Black (Verizon) Smartphone. LG G4 VS986 - 32GB - Ceramic White (Verizon) Smartphone. People who bought this also bought. Cell Phone Cases, Covers & Skins. Current slide {CURRENT_SLIDE} of {TOTAL_SLIDES}- People who bought this also bought. OtterBox Defender Case for LG V10 Black. Trending Price $17.88 New $12.99 Used. by proxops-pete Jan 24, 2018. This is for the everyday tech junkie. Quick to move around, 4 GB of memory does wonders in multi-tasking and 64 GB of storage is awesome to have. But the best part is its audio and video. Quad-DACs provide awesome audio experience and the camera is one of the best I have experienced and used!. Verified purchase: Yes | Condition: Pre-owned. by msosol9 Dec 19, 2017. Overlooked Gem Of A Flagship Phone. The LG V20 is an amazing phone that apparently came to market at the wrong time. They seem to be selling dirt cheap, and that's probably because the LG G6 and Samsung 8 series came out the Spring following its release. Now V20s in decent condition can be had for around $200, and that's a major bargain for the amount of phone you get in this 2016 LG flagship!. Now, I must first point out that I bought two V20s to replace my wife and my 6" ZTE Straight Talk phones. She had a Lever and I had a Max Duo, and while we loved the 6" size (and both said we'd never go smaller), we finally decided we'd go with a 5.7" 16:9 screen to get the newer Android and better specs. Well, the LG V20 is one of the last 5.7" phones that you don't lose screen real estate to the new 18:9 format most phones are goin g to, and the 0.2" second screen (taskbar like in nature) really gives it the largest active area in a more slender, affordable package (all this in context of being Verizon compatible).. The phone packs a great set of specs for a $200ish phone. The 820 processor, 4TH of RAM and 64GB of ROM has proven more than enough power and space for our needs, and with expansion of up to 2TB possible (they don't even make that size micro sd yet), this phone should never run out of space. To further futureproof the V20, the removable battery allows us to replace with fresh when battery life starts to take a dive from maxing out the charge cycles and just normal use.. The V20 has a great camera and audio recording too. Even zoomed in, the camera (video too) does great to hold detail and not become too pixelated. The microphones (3 of them) record amazing sound, and give the great option, of directional focusing. I've only had limited chance to push the plethora of manually adjustable setting on the phone, but I can see massive potential for audio visual creativity.. If you're looking for a recent flagship phone (especially on Verizon) without the bank breaking cost, then the V20 fits the bill nicely. Take that as meaning the choices are better for GSM carriers, since that opens up the options of One Plus, Huawei, Asus and a ton of other phone manufacturers. We have to have Verizon for service where we live, and the V20 is the best newer sub-$300 5.7" phone I could find after searching extensively for over a month. The only other contenders were either a year or more older, smaller screen or missing features like expandable storage and headphone jack. The Galaxy Note 5 and Moto X Pure were the two next best options in the V20s price range. Verified purchase: Yes | Condition: Pre-owned. by bonedaddy65 Aug 08, 2017. I've previously owned Samsung, but I took a chance on this phone after reading the reviews and after seeing how nice the price was! This phone is quality in every way...very under-rated in my opinion. I feel it is very competitive to the Galaxy line, and probably also to the iPhone line. Great speed...and replaceable battery and expandable memory make is preferable to me over the latest Samsung and iPhone options. It also has one of the best battery lives of any phone that I've owned. Picture quality on the cameras is very good and it has a wide-angel lens option which is nice. The sound with earphones is superb, and sound quality on calls is excellent. My only little issues with the phone are that the fingerprint/on button is on the back of the phone, the headphone jack is on the bottom, and I wish the internal speaker was a bit louder. But these are minor things that I will adjust to in time. I am extremely happy with this phone! Read full review. Verified purchase: Yes | Condition: Pre-owned. by antoniuhil0 Nov 29, 2017. A great phone for a great price. All around a great phone that is very capable and performs well. The battery life while not great is by no means bad. I consider myself a power user, constantly watching, streaming or checking something and I usually have about 15-20% battery left at the end of an average day. If im really using it heavily I may have to charge it once during the day but for the most part I can get by only charging it when I go to bed or before bed. The display may not by 4k but it is 1440p and it is nice, gets decently bright and colors pop just fine. The camera is not the greatest, but i would say above average if you know how to use manual mode. The rear camera is 4k which is a great plus, as it can record 4k video and it looks great when settings are manually done. My personal favorite part is the quad dac, it sounds absolutely fantastic and it alone will sell the phone to any music lover. Verified purchase: Yes | Condition: Pre-owned. by b3laine92 Feb 16, 2018. Great phone and great battery life. I usually only buy Samsung's but after my last when the charging port fried, I wanted something new. Takes some getting used to but it's great. Camera is okay, miss my s7 edge camera. Verified purchase: Yes | Condition: New. Current slide {CURRENT_SLIDE} of {TOTAL_SLIDES}- Explore Buying Guides. How to Choose a Touch Watch to Pair With Your Smartphone. How to Activate a Verizon Phone. What to Look for When Buying a Motorola V3. How to Buy an LG Optimus. What Makes the Sony Xperia Miro a Social Smartphone?. How to Update a Verizon Cell Phone. How to Backup a Verizon Cell Phone. The Complete Guide to the LG Optimus. Best Selling in Cell Phones & Smartphones. Trending price is based on prices over last 90 days.. Current slide {CURRENT_SLIDE} of {TOTAL_SLIDES}- Best Selling in Cell Phones & Smartphones. Samsung Galaxy S7 SM-G930 - 32GB - Black Onyx (Verizon) Smartphone. $306.99 New $99.95 Used. Samsung Galaxy S7 SM-G930 - 32GB - Gold Platinum (Verizon) Smartphone. $299.99 New $139.99 Used. Samsung Galaxy S8 SM-G950U - 64GB - Midnight Black (Unlocked) Smartphone. $550.00 New $389.99 Used. Samsung Galaxy S6 SM-G920V - 32GB - White Pearl (Verizon) Smartphone. $199.99 New $104.99 Used. Samsung Galaxy S5 SM-G900A - 16GB - Charcoal Black (AT&T) Smartphone. $139.99 New $71.95 Used. Samsung Galaxy S5 SM-G900A - 16GB - Shimmery White (AT&T) Smartphone. $129.99 New $60.00 Used. Samsung Galaxy S8+ SM-G955 - 64GB - Midnight Black (Unlocked) Smartphone. $606.15 New $340.00 Used. Save on Cell Phones & Smartphones. Trending price is based on prices over last 90 days.. Current slide {CURRENT_SLIDE} of {TOTAL_SLIDES}- Save on Cell Phones & Smartphones. Samsung Galaxy S7 G930V 4G LTE 32GB 4RAM 5.1" HD 12MP Android Unlocked Phone NEW. New Samsung Galaxy S7 SM-G930 - 32GB - Gold Platinum (Verizon) Smartphone. Samsung Galaxy S8 SM-G950U - 64GB - Midnight Black (Unlocked) Smartphone. Samsung Galaxy S6 SM-G920V - 32GB - White Pearl (Verizon) Smartphone Unlocked. "NEW" Samsung Galaxy S5 SM-G900A AT&T Unlocked 16GB Phone Shadow - all Colors. Inbox New Samsung Galaxy S5 SM-G900A - 16GB Shimmery White - AT&T - GSM Unlocked. Current slide {CURRENT_SLIDE} of {TOTAL_SLIDES}- You may also like. LG Verizon 64GB Cell Phones & Smartphones. Verizon Android Smartphones LG V20 Model. This item doesn't belong on this page.. Site Map Copyright © 1995-2018 eBay Inc. Accessibility , User Agreement , Privacy , Cookies and AdChoice Norton Secured - powered by Verisign. 
It's rugged! Has Nougat! Doesn't explode! LG's V20 has a few legs up on Samsung. As powerful as Android phones get. Won’t crack or break if dropped. Runs latest version of Android (Nougat). On the expensive end of phone prices. With Android Nougat, drop protection, and a superb camera, LG’s V20 already has us excited.. LG is having a tough time this year. introduced an innovative system of modules that could augment and transform it, most U.S. phone buyers flocked to Samsung’s shiny, curved Galaxy S7 and S7 Edge — or the iPhone. A while ago, we would have said that the new LG V20 would get swallowed up by Samsung’s Galaxy Note 7 … then they started exploding .. With the Note 7 canceled, LG’s latest Android phablet is looking mighty attractive out of the gate.. Like its V10 last year, the V20 is LG’s phone for the millions of us who want a big phone that can withstand our butterfingers. The V20 has a full military drop-test rating, some impressive cameras, and performance that rivals even its burliest competitors — and it’s a triumph of industrial design.. And now, it looks like you’ll be able to start pre-ordering the V20 on October 17. At least, that’s when B&H Photo says the phone will be available.. We really liked the LG V10. last year, but if it had one Achilles heel, it was its plasticky design. The heavy, grippy body let you know that it wasn’t going to break, but didn’t capture anyone’s eye. That, and it was bulky, even by big-phone standards.. The V20 looks like a whole new phone. Instead of a black rubbery texture on the back, it has a clean-looking shell made of the same strong aluminum alloy used in airplane wings, mountain bikes, and sailboats; it also pops off, so you can easily replace the battery, Nano SIM card, or MicroSD card. The top and bottom of the phone also feel like metal but are a Silicone Polycarbonate, a fancy phrase meaning “durable plastic.” LG claims its new plastic can absorb shocks 20 percent better than last year’s phone.. Though it would be nice if the phone were waterproof, too, it’s a relief to know it probably won’t break if we drop it. With the size of phones these days, many people seem to drop them daily.. Thanks to a reduced bezel, the V20 is very comfortable to hold, especially for a device with a massive 5.7-inch screen, and a bonus extra screen up top for notifications. The dual-function power button and fingerprint sensor on the back is in a comfortable position, and the volume rocker is on the left side.. It will come in silver, pink, and titan, which is more of a champagne color. Sadly, none of LG’s snap-on modules for the G5 work with this phone.. The V20 is the first new phone to run Android 7.0 Nougat, the newest version of Android from Google. LG has modified the OS a little, but not as heavily as usual, which is a great thing because Android 7 is fantastic looking on its own and has several handy features, like multiple windows, expanded notifications, and more useful quick settings.. One of the best new additions is the little screen that acts as a horizontal ticker above the screen. It measures 2.1 inches diagonally, and has a much larger font size this year, so it’s easier to read. You can customize it, but the basic functions are adding hot contacts, reading notifications, opening select apps, and a few other things. It’s fun and useful, though hard to reach way up on top of the normal screen.. The V20 is as powerful as phones come in late 2016. It matches Samsung’s best phones, along with anyone else’s. It will also likely match their high price tags, but that’s another story.. The V20 is LG’s phone for the millions of us who want a big phone that can withstand our butter fingers.. If you need the specifics: The V20 runs a Qualcomm Snapdragon 820 processor, has 4GB of RAM and 64GB of internal storage, with a MicroSD slot if you need more. Its 5.7-inch IPS Quantum Display is brighter than a normal LCD screen, covered in Gorilla Glass 4, and has a 2,560 ×. Battery life should be good, with 3,200mAh on board, which is a little higher than you sometimes get on a phone this size. LG promises 20 percent better battery life than the V10, but that still means you’ll likely have to charge your phone every day and a half. Thankfully, it includes fast charging (thanks to USB Type-C), so it shouldn’t take too long to juice up. We haven’t used the phone long enough to get reliable readings on battery life, so check back when we can share more.. Like all LG phones for the past couple years, the camera is kickass, but it has a few new abilities. You get two cameras on the back of the phone: a 16-megapixel main lens with a super-fast F1.8 aperture and optical image stabilization, and a slightly weaker 8-megapixel wide-angle lens with an F2.4 aperture, for when you need to fit more in frame. We took a few shots using both views, and they came out amazing (at first glance).. For you selfie-hounds, the 5-megapixel selfie camera on the V20 has a wide angle mode, too.. Autofocus didn’t appear any faster than previous LG phones, but it’s always been fast. The V20 uses a combination of laser, phase, and contrast autofocusing tech to help you focus in low light, indoor light, outdoor light, and even track moving objects. Demos showing it perfectly tracking a moving object were impressive and we look forward to trying it out.. Recording video should also be fairly smooth on the V20. A new Steady Record 2.0 feature leverages some tech on Qualcomm’s chipset and gyro sensors to reduce jitteriness while you’re walking in videos, or moving in other ways. In practice, we need to hit the streets to try it out when we get a full review unit.. LG is also proud of its new high-performance microphones, which should record high-resolution audio, even in loud areas (120-132dB). It can also save it in lossless formats, and thanks to four built-in DACs, it can now play them back much clearer as well, supposedly. We weren’t given any high-res audio samples or headphones to sample that aspect, but LG has pushed audio in its phones for a couple years now.. The V20 will likely be one of our favorite phones for the fall, and we’re impressed that it includes the latest version of Android, especially since most phones are lucky to ever get the latest version of the OS ( it’s a real problem ).. With the Galaxy Note 7 tainted by a massive recall, the V20 looks like the phablet to beat this fall, despite its high price.. Both T-Mobile and AT&T have announced pricing and availability of the device, with T-Mobile saying that the phone would launch on October 28 for $830, and AT&T opening pre-orders up on October 7 ahead of an October 28 launch. It will be available for $830 unlocked. However, you will also be able to get the device for $27.67 per month for 30 months or $34.59 per month for 24 months.. On October 17 , T-Mobile began pre-sales of the V20, and sweetened the deal by offering a $200 credit toward the phone available to customers who. trade in any other working 4G smartphone. In addition, LG V20 purchasers will receive a free pair of H3 by B&O Play headphones, a $149 value. As previously reported, the LG V20 will become available in T-Mobile stores on. October 28, and will be priced at. $50 down and $30 per month over 24 months.. Just a few days later, on October 21 , Sprint began its own pre-orders for the V20 and is pricing the phone at $33 a month with 24 installment billing payments. Sprint is also offering the same Bang & Olufsen freebie (H3 earphones), as well as a $200 trade-in credit for an eligible smartphone.. As of October 31, you can get the. LG V20 from Verizon stores and online. along with a $300 credit with a trade-in on monthly bills and, of course, the B&O Play headphones. Cellular, and Best Buy are also selling the handset with some bonuses to sweeten the deal. AT&T is giving customers a $200 credit for an old phone trade-in, U.S. Cellular is offering a $100 gift card, and Best Buy is touting a $200 gift card. All offer the B&O Play headphones too.. As of mid-November, the LG V20 has proven to be one seriously popular handset. has already sold 200,000 of its new flagship phone since its October 28 launch. That’s double what the V10 sold in the same time period last year.. Christian de Looper also contributed to this report.. news that the LG V20 has been selling at double the rate of its predecessor.. The LG V30: Everything you need to know about LG’s flagship smartphone. Save up to $850 with the best smartphone deals for February 2018. Everything you need to know about the budget Honor 7X. When is your phone getting Android 8.0 Oreo? We asked every major manufacturer. Moto E4 Plus: Big-screen budget battle. The Samsung Galaxy S9 is finally here: Here's everything you need to know. All thumbs? For just $89, AT&T will fix plan holders' cracked cell phone screens. Save up to $850 with the best smartphone deals for February 2018. MWC 2018: What to expect from Samsung, Sony, Motorola, and more. Add Us To Your Social Channels. Digital Trends helps readers keep tabs on the fast-paced world of tech with all the latest news, fun product reviews, insightful editorials, and one-of-a-kind sneak peeks. 
CNET también está disponible en español.. LG V20 faces uphill battle against Google Pixel, iPhone 7 (hands-on). LG's best phone brings it with Android Nougat, two rear cameras and a 5.7-inch screen. But is that enough to unseat its rivals?. by October 20, 2016 9:01 PM PDT. Metal-clad LG V20 has clever trick to remove battery. The LG V20 is full of high-end specs and Android Nougat.... Most promising V20 features That secondary, always-on screen. Removable battery and expandable memory What gives me pause The camera is underwhelming. Battery could be bigger It lacks water resistance LG V20 Spec Comparison Chart. With the LG V20 rolling out to retailers this week, LG's most expensive phone has its work cut out for it. Not only did the Korean company unveil the V20 hours before Apple took the wraps off its iPhone 7 ( $679.99 at Amazon.com ) and 7 Plus in September, the device is also hitting shelves after Google launched its superb pair of Pixel handsets.. Amid all these competitor announcements and ill-timed releases, however, the V20 does have some things going for it. For one thing, LG hopes the phone is compelling enough to benefit from Samsung's $3 billion 7 recall. It's also packed with high-end specs, like two rear cameras, a removable battery you can swap when power gets low, and a stylish aluminum chassis. And while it lost the novelty of being the "first phone to ship with Android 7.0 Nougat " now that the Pixels have 7.1 out of the box, it's still great that it has a recent version of Android.. Whether or not all these features is enough to bother its rivals (the Samsung Galaxy S7 in particular), remains the question -- and you can check back soon for CNET's full review. For now, here are a few things I like and don't like about the V20 after spending some time with it.. Metal-clad LG V20 has clever trick to remove battery. Chock-full of high-end specs and packaged in a sleek, metal body, the V20 is LG's highest-end phone. And while it retains some of its predecessor's most interesting features, the new V20 has a few tricks of its own too.. The V20 has a secondary screen that sits on top of its regular display. Compared to the V10 ( $339.99 at Amazon.com ) , LG increased its contrast and brightness this time around so it's easier to read. You can choose to have this screen perpetually on (even if your device is sleeping), and it displays your custom signature or text greeting, favorite and recent apps, favorite contacts and notifications.. The secondary screen keeps your apps and contacts right up top.. LG put a big emphasis on the V20's audio. It equipped the phone with three mics and four digital-to-analog converters (which help to reduce white noise). The V20 can record 24-bit sound (16-bit is common), meaning audio is more accurate and clear.. As a user, you can fine-tune your audio preferences in the Settings menu, like adjusting audio balance. There's an app for HD audio recording as well, and according to LG, the device can handle recordings up to 132 decibels, which is as loud as a sport stadium full of screaming fans.. I was able to hear the audio coming out of the V20 briefly, and it did sound louder and had more breadth than what I commonly hear from phone speakers.. Tooling around with audio settings (left) and recording HD with LG's app (right).. You don't always have to offer the latest technology to keep the people happy. In this case the V20 has a removable battery and expandable memory. It's nothing new, but it's a rarity among flagship phones these days, and many people can't live without one, or both, of these features. Having a replaceable battery is handy when you're out and about -- you can easily swap in a new reserve. It's also useful if you plan to resell the device and are able to promise a brand-new battery. Expandable storage lets you snap and record way more photos and videos, without feeling restricted by the onboard storage.. Those are the V20's strong points, but I noticed a few drawbacks too. I'll explore each of these in more detail in the coming days, but read on to see what I don't like about the phone so far.. LG is doubling down on its wide-angle endeavors by putting two wide-angle cameras on both the front and back of the V20. Like the G5, it has two shooters on the back that include a 16-megapixel standard lens and an 8-megapixel wide-angle lens that can capture up to 135 degrees. On the front is a single 5-megapixel camera that can switch between a 120-degree wide-angle setup and a narrower 83-degree frame. The phone also has advanced image stabilization technology, available exclusively from Qualcomm, to make it easier to snap clear photos even when you have an unsteady hand.. Images captured by the 16-megapixel standard lens (left) and the 8-megapixel wide-angle (right).. Some colorful fruit captured on the 16-megapixel rear camera.. A closeup shot of soda bottles using the 16-MP lens again.. Snapping a regular photo with the 5-megapixel front-facing camera (left) and using its wide-angle feature (right).. Though the wider lens is useful for fitting more content in each frame, photo quality itself was underwhelming, especially when compared to the Pixel. On the V20, colors looked washed out and flat, and low-light images weren't as clear. Closeup shots weren't as well defined or sharp.. The V20 has a 3,200 mAh battery, which isn't as high as its rivals. In our preliminary tests, it clocked in about 12 and a half hours of continuous video playback on Airplane mode. I'll test this again for final results, but that isn't a very competitive battery time. It's OK, but the Google Pixel XL and Galaxy S7 Edge lasted over 13 and 19 hours, respectively.. Creating a high-end phone that wasn't water resistant was acceptable a few years ago. In fact, if a mainstream handset did happen to be splashproof, it was merely seen as a goodie. But because Sony, Samsung and now Apple all have flagships that can survive being submersed underwater, it's disappointing that the V20 isn't as durable and loses an edge that others have. Check back for my full review soon.. 2.15GHz +1.6GHz quad-core Qualcomm Snapdragon 820. 2.15GHz + 1.6GHz quad-core Qualcomm Snapdragon 821. 2.15GHz + 1.6GHz quad-core Qualcomm Snapgradon 820 processor. 21 hours talk time on 3G, 16 days standby, 13 hours internet use LTE (nonremovable). Rear cover release key; Both cameras capture wide-angle images; secondary screen on top. Google Assistant built-in; unlimited cloud storage; Daydream VR ready. Water and dust-resistant, Taptic Home button, dual rear cameras, up to 10x camera zoom, Depth of Field mode. AT&T: $829; Verizon: $672; T-Mobile: $770; Sprint: TBD; US Cellular: TBD. AT&T: $795; Verizon: $792; T-Mobile: $780; Sprint: $750; US Cellular: $780. $769 (32GB); $869 (128GB); $969 (256GB). £719 (32GB); £819 (128GB); £919 (256GB). AU$1269 (32GB); AU$1419 (128GB); AU$1569 (256GB). Visit manufacturer site for details.. Best Phones for 2018. See All. Samsung’s king of phones is excellent, but you'll pay a pretty penny for stylus privileges.. A radical redesign that's nearly all screen includes a new cutting-edge facial recognition.... LG just gave Samsung a run for the money.. But we're still waiting on the Siri-like AI.. The Pixel 2's superb camera makes it worth a look.. This week on CNET News. Homeland Security's tall order: A hacker-free election. 'Annihilation' director wove memory into a dream-like movie. Dogecoin: The joke cryptocurrency that was too real for its own good. Be respectful, keep it clean and stay on topic. We delete comments that violate our policy , which we encourage you to read. Discussion threads can be closed at any time at our discretion.. CNET may earn fees when you click through to a partner site.. 
Samsung Galaxy S9 OnePlus 5T Huawei Mate 10 Google Pixel 2 OnePlus 5. LG K10 (2018) Samsung Galaxy S9 Elephone S8 HTC U11 Eyes Honor 9 Lite. Samsung Galaxy S9 OnePlus 5T Huawei Mate 10 Google Pixel 2 OnePlus 5. Buy and sell gently used phones. LG announced the V20 in September 2016, as a successor to the 2015 LG V10. The V20 is the first smartphone to run Android 7.0 Nougat out of the box. It comes with a 5.7" QHD IPS LCD, and retains the secondary display above the main screen, as was seen on the V10. This is used to display shortcuts, notifications and other gimmicks. It's powered by a Qualcomm Snapdragon 820 chipset, which comprises of a quad-core 2.16GHz Kryo CPU and Adreno 530 GPU, along with 4GB of RAM. Internal storage comes in either 32GB or 64GB, with a microSD expansion slot capable of up to 256GB. On the rear sits a dual-camera setup, consisting of a 16MP sensor with an f/1.8 aperture and OIS, plus a wide angle 8MP sensor with aperture of f/2.8. The selfie camera consists of a 5MP sensor with wide-angle f/1.9 aperture. Video recording has been improved with Qualcomm's Steady Record, which utilizes the phone's gyroscope to minimize shaking. The phone also features a 32-bit quad DAC setup, which should provide improved audio and please audiophiles. The LG V20 runs on a 3200mAh removable battery, with Quick Charge 3.0 support and USB 3.0 Type-C port.. The XDA App is the fastest way to access the forums on mobile.. One-Handed Mode replicates the useful iOS "Reachability" feature without root.. Labs is an independent app store that gives developers full control over their work.. The ultimate, most complete theming solution for Android.. The best way to get cutting edge news about your device!. LG V20 Guides, News, & Discussion. LG V20 ROMs, Kernels, Recoveries, & Other Development. LG V20 Themes, Apps, and Mods. LG V20 Real Life Review LG V20 Questions & Answers LG V20 Guides, News, & Discussion LG V20 ROMs, Kernels, Recoveries, & Other Development LG V20 Themes, Apps, and Mods LG V20 Accessories. LAF (Download mode) What is it, and how can we root with it?. [ROOT] HOWTO: AT&T H910 up to v10r (FULLY TESTED). [APP][BETA] Custom Second Screen Widgets for Stock. More LG V20 Real Life Review Threads. Admittedly paranoid but still wondering if my phone is hacked... Trying to switch from SuperSu to magisk. More LG V20 Questions & Answers Threads. LG V20 Guides, News, & Discussion. [BOUNTY!] Progress on the Second Screen API for AOSP. [ROOT] HOWTO: AT&T H910 up to v10r (FULLY TESTED). LAF (Download mode) What is it, and how can we root with it?. More LG V20 Guides, News, & Discussion Threads. LG V20 ROMs, Kernels, Recoveries, & Other Development. [ROM][ALL VARIANTS] LineageOS-14.1 for LG V20 [Weeklys']. [Alpha-Rom: VS995 1AA | US996 10N | USC996 10N | H910 10T | H918 10s ]. [MOD][Adreno][Nougat][Vulkan][THDR]Adreno and Vulkan drivers for Snapdragon 820/1. More LG V20 ROMs, Kernels, Recoveries, & Other Development Threads. LG V20 Themes, Apps, and Mods. [Launcher][No root] Lg v30 Launcher with app drawer. Discussion for BoredSigns — Custom SignBoard Widgets. KCAL settings for best display color and contrast and also get rid of ghosting. More LG V20 Themes, Apps, and Mods Threads. Mugen Power 9300 mah extended battery for LG V20 - HANDS ON REVIEW. Headphones that get best use of the V20 audio. ---- XDA 2013 Beta - 1024. XDA Developers was founded by developers, for developers. It is now a valuable resource for people who want to make the most of their mobile devices, from customizing the look and feel to adding new functionality. Are you a developer? | Terms of Service. 
Trending News Malaysia, Singapore, and Thailand agree on changes to Asean Collective Investment Schemes framework A fintech company has plans to launch Singapore’s first cryptocurrency and ICO advisory centre – here’s what we know Controversial Malaysian rapper freed after 4-day remand Changi Airport registers 5.30 million passenger movements in January Tech Insider Nokia CEO sees big 5G rollouts nearly a year ahead of schedule Alibaba turns heads as it joins Games sponsorship waltz Nokia remakes 8110 slider phone as premium Android smartphone Hands-on: Samsung’s new flagship Galaxy phone feels a lot like the old one Finance Malaysia, Singapore, and Thailand agree on changes to Asean Collective Investment Schemes framework A fintech company has plans to launch Singapore’s first cryptocurrency and ICO advisory centre – here’s what we know Legalised brothels, flat tax and a repeal of 400 laws: Here’s what Italy’s political parties are promising ahead of this week’s election Revolut hits 1.5 million customers as break-neck growth continues Career 27 cities around the world where expats say there are more than enough jobs to go around This former Twitter exec never went to college, learned to code at the White House, and was a terrible boss until he met Ben Horowitz Silicon Valley is so expensive that people who make $400,000 think they’re middle-class — here’s what the middle class actually is in the 25 largest US cities This Facebook recruiting initiative turned a psychology major into a sought-after product manager Life Mahathir says he only eats local rice, after storm of criticism over Najib’s quinoa comment I’m gluten-free and survived on nothing but fast food for 5 days — here’s what happened We went to H&M’s sister store and saw why it’s become a secret weapon for the struggling company ‘Black Panther’ earns $108 million at the box office in its 2nd weekend — the 2nd-best performance ever Video CEO of blockchain company Chain on what everyone gets wrong about the technology What it’s like to pretend to live on Mars for 8 months Why most jeans are blue How Area 51 became the center of alien conspiracy theories. Emirates Airline boss reveals that the nastiest feud in the airline industry could kill his $76 billion Boeing order. A 7-year-old girl asked Google for a job and got a personal response from CEO Sundar Pichai. How to disable an ad blocker on Business Insider. SpaceX’s biggest rival has a ‘genius’ plan to cut its rocket launch costs more than 70%. Tech Insider The LG V20 is.... The LG V20 is a solid phone that’s stuck in the past. Antonio Villas-Boas , Business Insider US. Overall, the LG V20 is a good phone. Its large 5.7-inch screen is sharp at 1440p, and everything it displays looks great. And despite the V20’s large size, it’s incredibly light. It runs the latest Android 7 (Nougat), whereas other top phones like the Galaxy S7 are still waiting to receive the update and are still stuck on Android 6 (Marshmallow). It also uses USB-C for fast charging, which is pretty much standard for premium smartphones these days. The fingerprint sensor is on the back, which I personally don’t like because I find it harder to find the sensor than with regular front-facing sensors on other phones. It’s entirely subjective, as others like having the sensor on the back. Using the V20 is a similar experience as using pretty much any other premium smartphone, save for four main features. It has a removable aluminum back plate that gives you access to the removable battery, microSD port, and SIM port. The small “second screen” above the main screen with shortcuts to often-used apps and settings is genuinely useful. It has a dual lens camera, where one of the lenses adds an even wider field of view than the regular camera that lets you see a lot more of the area you’re shooting, but it’s not very good. The LG V20 has a built-in DAC amp for exceptional sound quality. It’s great if you have good headphones. Unfortunately, the V20 falters when it comes to design. The front looks fine, but the back looks pretty bland, and the plastic top and bottom parts don’t help. LG’s new V20 smartphone has a relatively unique feature-set that you won’t find on many other premium Android phones.. While some of these features are nice to have, LG seems to be avoiding requested features that helped catapult the Galaxy S7 into the top spot – like water-resistance, a beautiful design, and a camera that challenges (and beats) the long-time champion of smartphone cameras, the iPhone.. Still, the V20 is a solid phone, but it feels like it’s designed for a niche group of people who are holding onto legacy Android features that are losing their importance.. Still, the V20 will likely face similar delays when Android 8 is released.. This used to be a common feature among premium Android smartphones, but LG is basically the only phone maker that lets you swap out the battery these days.. My favorite part of the V20’s second screen is the music controls and quick access to settings like flaslight while the phone is still locked.. It’s a great feature, but it’s not essential. I didn’t really miss it when I moved back to my regular phone.. The normal lens features 16 megapixels and takes good photos.. However, the wide lens is eight megapixels and is noticeably less sharp and detailed than the normal lens. It also considerably distorts the edges, which might look cool at first, but not every picture or moment benefits from lens distortion.. The sound quality coming from the V20’s DAC amp is noticeably better than from phones without a DAC amp, like the the iPhone and Galaxy S7. Music sounds clearer, sharper, and you can better make out individual instruments, too.. The plastic parts don’t quite match the aluminum backplate’s color and texture, and they don’t quite sit flush with the rest of the phone, either, which isn’t a good look. Of course, that won’t really matter if you use a case with the V20.. For the V20’s $750 price tag, however, I’d expect better exterior materials and build quality.. I’m a great fan of the DAC in the V20, and the second screen is a nice, useful touch. Yet, the V20 has a bunch of “nice” and relatively unique features that don’t really help bring it anywhere near the same league as the Samsung Galaxy S7 or iPhone 7.. For example, the ability to swap out the battery is nice, but it’s a legacy Android smartphone feature that’s already lost its importance. I’ve rarely ever found myself in a situation where I’m running so low on battery and far away from an outlet that I wished I could swap the battery. Charging your phone when you can during the day will help with that (but try not to overcharge it! ). It’s a thoughtful feature, but it clearly isn’t as important as it used to be judging by the wild success of the Galaxy S7, which doesn’t have a removable battery.. On top of that, having a removable battery also means LG can’t add some key features that boosted the Galaxy S7 to the top rank of smartphones, even beating the iPhone as the best smartphone you can buy. Instead of a swappable battery, I’d rather have a better design with water-resistance and a hard-to-beat camera. I’m essentially saying I’d rather have a Galaxy S7 or an iPhone 7.. Hardcore Android fans will be pleased with the V20’s expandable storage with a microSD card, but now that I use Google Photos with unlimited free photo storage, as well as Spotify for music, I simply don’t need that option.. The V20’s main camera is good enough that I’d be pleased with using it for capturing moments and memories, but I’d constantly have the nagging feeling that I paid extra for the wide-angle lens that I would never use.. I also prefer front-facing fingerprint sensors than the V20’s rear-facing sensor. If I can’t unlock a smartphone comfortably, I can’t recommend it.. And to top it all off, it’s $750 price tag is hard to justify when gorgeous phones with great features like water-resistance and great cameras, like the Galaxy S7 Edge and iPhone 7 Plus, have similar price tags.. It’s the same old story with LG’s latest phone. The V20 is a phone that would appeal to a niche crowd that values swappable batteries and expandable storage, as well as audiophiles that appreciate the DAC amp. If these things don’t matter to you, I’d look at the Galaxy S7 Edge, as it has a superior camera, water-resistance, and a beautiful design.. TAGS Features LG V20 Reviews Smartphones Water resistance. Antonio Villas-Boas , Business Insider US. Emirates Airline boss reveals that the nastiest feud in the airline industry could kill his $76 billion Boeing order. A 7-year-old girl asked Google for a job and got a personal response from CEO Sundar Pichai. How to disable an ad blocker on Business Insider. SpaceX’s biggest rival has a ‘genius’ plan to cut its rocket launch costs more than 70%. Samsung announces the Galaxy S9 — here’s what’s new. * Copyright © 2017 Business Insider Inc. Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. 
more ... more .... more ... more .... posted by Nick T.. T-Mobile - T-Mobile + AT&T - AT&T + Verizon - Verizon + Sprint - Sprint + LG - LG + Android - Android +. 2 Interface and user experience. 4 Battery life and Conclusion. Introduction Power user – this is a term associated with individuals who operate a computing device with advanced skills and elevated privileges. In other words, that is someone who knows their gadgets inside out and, more importantly, who knows how to make the most of them. The LG V10 was a phone suitable for that kind of folks. Released about a year ago in a limited number of markets, it was quite the unusual handset – large, rugged, and packed to the brim with outstanding features, including a secondary display, dual front-facing cameras, premium sound hardware, and full manual camera controls. Fast-forward to present day, and the LG V20 is here to pick up where the V10 left off. Sticking to the same formula, this new and improved model comes with a sizzling-hot specs sheet complemented by a list of goodies to wow the tech crowd. We’re talking about an enhanced secondary screen , dual cameras at the back with full manual controls, a Quad DAC setup for superior sound reproduction capabilities, microphones good enough to record a concert in high fidelity, and all of that sprinkled with a sweet dash of Android 7.0 Nougat. To say the least, the LG V20 is a phone that tech enthusiasts, audiophiles, and media creators would be intrigued by, but does it live up to the high expectations that it sets? I spent some time in its company to find out. Design Durability over grace is the main theme with this extra-large handset. When the team and I saw the LG V20 for the first time, it wasn’t a case of love at first sight. The phone appeared tough and manly, but lacked in elegance and sophistication, not unlike the Tumbler Batmobile. And you know what, I’d say that I’m okay with that, now that I’ve used the V20 for a while. Sure, it isn’t gorgeous, but what it lacks in grace, it makes up for in durability. The LG V20 is built of 6013-series aluminum alloy – a light yet durable material used in the construction of boats and planes. The strips at its top and bottom are made of 24% stronger polycarbonate. And just like its predecessor, the phone is MIL-STD-810G transit drop compliant, meaning that it can withstand more physical abuse than a typical phone. Water resistance is missing , however, so don’t go selfie-snapping near a pool with this one. One thing I should stress on is that the LG V20 is a large device. In terms of width and height, it ranks alongside the iPhone 7 Plus , the Nexus 6P , and its predecessor, the LG V10. Unlike the latter, however, the phone doesn’t feel top-heavy. It has a better-balanced weight distribution, which makes it more comfortable to handle than the V10. With the V20, LG is sticking to its unorthodox design approach of placing the power button at the back – at (or near) the point where the user’s index finger would naturally rest. Those who are new to the idea might find it odd, but it is something one gets used to over time. Embedded in the power button is a fingerprint reader. It gets the job done, as it is fast and gets the reading right almost every time. You place your finger on it (without the need to actually press the power button) to unlock the phone, and if you just want to take a peek at your notifications, you can wake the phone for a few seconds with a double tap on the screen. This setup could use some improvement, however. As I take the phone out of my pocket, I naturally put my finger on the reader, yet a reading is only sometimes performed – at that moment, the scanner may still be disabled because the phone is not completely of my pocket yet. This means I have to wait to see if my finger got read, and if it didn’t, I have to lift it and place it again to unlock my phone. You might have noticed that the LG V20 also has a small button on its side. Pressing it lifts the back cover, which in turn lets the user access the removable battery, as well as the SIM card and microSD card slots. While battery swapping can be considered a power-user feature, it is one I don’t mind having. Display Small things also count, and the V20’s secondary screen has its uses. Although the LG V20’s secondary screen is the one raising eyebrows, it is the primary one I’ll comment on first. Its main advantages are its large size and high resolution – traits that make activities like gaming, watching videos, or web browsing, a pleasure. On the downside, this is far from the most color-accurate display we’ve ever tested. With a color temperature around the 9000K mark, the screen makes whites appear blueish. Sure, the average user probably wouldn’t be bothered by that, but the flaw becomes glaringly obvious once you place the V20 next to a display with accurate color reproduction. A way around this drawback is to activate Comfort View mode on a low setting. Now that I’ve mentioned it, Comfort View is a blue light filter built into the V20’s user interface. Studies have shown that blue light might be messing with our sleep, hence it is a good idea to have the feature activated at night. (Although a way to get a good night’s sleep is to not use your phone at all before bedtime.) And while Comfort View is nice having, it would have been better if I had the option for it to turn on automatically after sunset or at a predefined time. That aside, night-time use is generally convenient, as the screen’s brightness goes sufficiently low. And when out in broad daylight, I’ve never had any issues with the screen’s visibility. It is bright enough to remain visible even on a sunny day. Second screen As for the secondary screen placed at the top, it is actually a nifty feature – one adopted from the V10. The screen is now brighter, however, and fonts are larger, which makes things easier to see, even at an angle. For those not familiar, the purpose of the V20’s second screen is to serve as a widget of sorts, available at all times, in any app. When the phone is in standby, it acts primarily as a notification ticker, but also gives you control over music playback and various quick settings. And if you don’t like it for some reason, you are free to turn it off. The key to making the most of the V20’s secondary screen is to customize it to your needs. This will take a few minutes, but it will be time well spent, as some of the options prove very useful. For example, the screen can be set to list your 5 recent apps there, and you can switch back and forth with a simple tap. Or you can have shortcuts to 5 of your favorite apps. Media controls are also an option, meaning that you can access Spotify or the stock music player at any time. To be clear, you’re not limited to a single function. You can switch back and forth between screens by swiping left or right, and the ones I mentioned above are the ones I found most practical. You may also have 5 of your favorite contacts listed there, or a row of toggle buttons for various settings, or your next calendar event, or even a “signature” – a row of text that you can customize. But the LG V20’s second screen isn’t quite perfect. One thing I found annoying was that when a notification arrives, it is shown only for a couple of seconds, giving me no chance to actually read it. Another botheration is that the screen, being placed at the top, is practically unreachable with one hand. One more thing worth mentioning is that the second display consumes a small amount of power while it is on – enough to draw 1% of additional battery energy in under 2 hours. To reduce the amount of power it consumes, you may have it turn on only when the main screen is lit. You also have the option to have it turned off during night hours.. Note: This review is based on a Korean unit of the LG V20. The B&O Branding, as well as specifics related to the user interface and user experience, may not be available in other regions.. 6.29 x 3.07 x 0.3 inches. 159.7 x 78.1 x 7.6 mm. 6.23 x 3.07 x 0.29 inches. 158.2 x 77.9 x 7.3 mm. 6.09 x 2.98 x 0.34 inches. 154.72 x 75.74 x 8.6 mm. 6.01 x 2.94 x 0.29 inches. 152.7 x 74.7 x 7.35 mm. To see the phones in real size or compare them with other models, visit our Visual Phone Size Comparison page.. Minimum brightness (nits) Lower is better. Contrast Higher is better. Color temperature (Kelvins). Delta E rgbcmy Lower is better. Delta E grayscale Lower is better. The CIE 1931 xy color gamut chart represents the set (area) of colors that a display can reproduce, with the sRGB colorspace (the highlighted triangle) serving as reference. The chart also provides a visual representation of a display's color accuracy. The small squares across the boundaries of the triangle are the reference points for the various colors, while the small dots are the actual measurements. Ideally, each dot should be positioned on top of its respective square. The 'x: CIE31' and 'y: CIE31' values in the table below the chart indicate the position of each measurement on the chart. 'Y' shows the luminance (in nits) of each measured color, while 'Target Y' is the desired luminance level for that color. Finally, 'ΔE 2000' is the Delta E value of the measured color. Delta E values of below 2 are ideal.. These measurements are made using SpectraCal's CalMAN calibration software.. The Color accuracy chart gives an idea of how close a display's measured colors are to their referential values. The first line holds the measured (actual) colors, while the second line holds the reference (target) colors. The closer the actual colors are to the target ones, the better.. These measurements are made using SpectraCal's CalMAN calibration software.. The Grayscale accuracy chart shows whether a display has a correct white balance (balance between red, green and blue) across different levels of grey (from dark to bright). The closer the Actual colors are to the Target ones, the better.. These measurements are made using SpectraCal's CalMAN calibration software.. More content with V20. Google Pixel XL vs LG V20. Apple iPhone 7 Plus vs LG V20. (Posts: 162; Member since: 01 Aug 2016). posted on 21 Oct 2016, 09:15. O i forgot this is not an iphone. 8? I would give this phone a 9. LG ux is one of the best. You can make the phone feel unique to your style,personalize almost every thing,plus fast,smooth, and feature packed. Iphone has no headphone jack,limited customization,no sd card,only 1080p screen and it was rated 9.. (Posts: 1728; Member since: 30 Jul 2013). posted on 21 Oct 2016, 09:20. Butthurt much? LG cant make a top of the top phone. They stopped making top phones since legendary G2.. (Posts: 1099; Member since: 05 Oct 2015). posted on 21 Oct 2016, 12:41. You sound like a butthurt user who happen to get a raw deal with some LG phone in the past. I know many girls who have told me they miss their LG phones, after having to get Samsung and HTC replacements. Deal with it and so trying to bomb on LG.. (Posts: 2119; Member since: 29 May 2014). posted on 21 Oct 2016, 19:05. That last part should read, "In My Opinion". (Posts: 1310; Member since: 17 Nov 2011). posted on 08 Nov 2016, 11:39. Here's an in depth look at the top cameras. (Posts: 627; Member since: 16 Jul 2015). posted on 21 Oct 2016, 09:23. Hello PhoneArena- you dont have to reduce the ratings because V20 may not sell like Apple or Samsung flagships. Just rate based on what it's worth.. (Posts: 437; Member since: 10 Dec 2014). posted on 21 Oct 2016, 09:24. Wat do u expect from a site that gave note 5 (which didn't bring anythimg new from note 4 beside design) 9 phonearena is saving 9 and above for apple and samsung.. (Posts: 751; Member since: 07 May 2014). posted on 21 Oct 2016, 11:48. They have to post a review which most of the readers here will like. Samsung and Apple has a huge following compared to other brands. There are more Apple and Samsung fans, now if they give the iPhone 7 a seven score, more people will be pissed.. (Posts: 863; Member since: 02 Feb 2012). posted on 25 Oct 2016, 11:16. Better camera, processor, UI, faster charge time, better stylus, wireless charging integrated instead of having to get a Qi sticker, and the design of having a flat screen is far superior to the Note 7. So, how is it the same device as a Note 4?. (Posts: 1728; Member since: 30 Jul 2013). posted on 21 Oct 2016, 09:24. When was the last time an LG phone had THE BEST of more than 1 main feature of a phone? Best camera? Almost never. Best battery life? LOL, not since G2. The only "BEST" feature this thing has its probably best audio quality output through headphones. And you expect this thing to get a 9? Oh yes it has removable battery, yep and nowadays that's only a feature a tech geek will want.No Android phone will beat S7 edge and Pixel for 2016. (Posts: 1650; Member since: 20 Aug 2014). posted on 21 Oct 2016, 10:31. While I would not own a LG since I've had the boot loop with a G5, LG has been a top two in the camera department since the g4. (Posts: 2314; Member since: 12 Apr 2012). posted on 21 Oct 2016, 13:37. Maybe they solved the boot loop problem this time.. (Posts: 1650; Member since: 20 Aug 2014). posted on 21 Oct 2016, 15:00. in response to #33 Hide. Maybe but I'm not gambling with my money.. (Posts: 200; Member since: 02 Oct 2016). posted on 21 Oct 2016, 09:32. So a worthless iCrap 6s got 9.3 while this phone just 8? Surprised? iPhoneArena does that on purpose. Put the st*pid Cr@pple logo on this LG phone and iTards will be drooling all over it.. (Posts: 751; Member since: 07 May 2014). posted on 21 Oct 2016, 11:52. I come here just for the news, while most of the news are not worthy of reading, they still have updated news. The reviews, on the other hand, are s**tty, those who review stuff don't know their stuff. I have to look for a review, I will go to PocketNow, Michael Fisher, and Android Authority (Android Authority does not review Apple but their reviews of Android phones are the most sensible.). (Posts: 26; Member since: 27 Apr 2015). posted on 08 Nov 2016, 16:01. (Posts: 26; Member since: 27 Apr 2015). posted on 08 Nov 2016, 16:11. (Posts: 137; Member since: 30 Aug 2012). posted on 21 Oct 2016, 09:32. This is complete BS! Unacceptable! PA gives their useless ratings based on brands and not on what the phone actually deserves. Just because samsung and apple has has a huge fanbase and their fans would speak out, they get 9. (Posts: 3466; Member since: 30 Sep 2009). posted on 06 Nov 2016, 10:42. Let's be honest, this was never gonna be a great phone.. (Posts: 2293; Member since: 31 Oct 2011). posted on 21 Oct 2016, 10:06. The score seems fair if the software issues experienced are a common theme. The basic user experience of the device should be one of the big things a company nails right off. A device with this price tag needs to offer a stellar user experience. All the specs in the world won't matter if your experience is crappy.. (Posts: 2618; Member since: 01 Sep 2014). posted on 21 Oct 2016, 10:41. Best audio dac in the market and got an 8.0. IPhone 7 does not have an audio jack and got a 9.3 with?!. (Posts: 2618; Member since: 01 Sep 2014). posted on 21 Oct 2016, 10:42. (Posts: 2618; Member since: 01 Sep 2014). posted on 21 Oct 2016, 10:43. (Posts: 22; Member since: 16 Apr 2015). posted on 21 Oct 2016, 10:49. 1st, the battery life thing is bullsh*t.. i received the phone tuesday and have since then been testing "real life" useage. idle over night (6hr) only lost 2%. heavy usage lasted me a full day (4am-10pm) with 7% left. the next with normal usage and auto brightness left me with 0ver 60%.. unless i got super lucky, this battery kicks a**. (Posts: 294; Member since: 23 Nov 2012). posted on 23 Oct 2016, 00:10. This is what i am looking for. People do all sort of idiotic test which we dont even use it in real life and brainwash fans with these battery test. I was thinging of getting V20 for myself, was looking for a user review and you nailed it. (Posts: 22; Member since: 16 Apr 2015). posted on 21 Oct 2016, 10:52. i was a huge PA fan until i saw this douchebag's biased rating.. (Posts: 4; Member since: 15 Nov 2015). posted on 21 Oct 2016, 10:57. Iphone arena does it again...apple bias much?? Overkill for giving the public a very sophisticated phone?. (Posts: 424; Member since: 10 Jan 2015). posted on 21 Oct 2016, 12:03. If you love the phone so much why do you need a website to justify your purchase? Would a 10 out 10 make you feel better?. (Posts: 1310; Member since: 17 Nov 2011). posted on 21 Oct 2016, 12:43. Trust me I'm getting mine regardless. They pulled this same crap with the V10 and that was such a great device.. (Posts: 125; Member since: 02 Nov 2010). posted on 23 Oct 2016, 10:51. CDM, it's not about being in love with this phone or any other phone. It's about giving the readers a bias opinion about a phone regardless of who makes it. PA is know for grading Samsung and Apple phones over their true values. Remember the S4 and S5 reviews? Both also got over a 9 rating but the S5 was a huge disappointment for Samsung and resulting in mass changes in the mobile department. Now LG V10 gets a 7 and LG V20 gets an 8.But when you read reviews from users and other sites on both you can easily see the bias.. * Some comments have been hidden, because they don't meet the discussions rules.. Want to comment? Please login or register .. Display 5.7 inches, 1440 x 2560 pixels (513 ppi) IPS LCD. Size 6.29 x 3.07 x 0.30 inches (159.7 x 78.1 x 7.6 mm). Battery 3200 mAh, 14.17 hours talk time. Qualcomm Snapdragon 820, Quad-core, 2150 MHz, Kryo processor 4 GB RAM. $375 Buy. $565 Buy. Gear S4 may come with a blood pressure monitor, Samsung patent reveals. Google Pay launches today, but its most important feature is not here yet. Galaxy S9 and S9+ previewed in glorious detail with full specs and release date. Galaxy S9 and S9+ price and release date on Verizon, AT&T, T-Mobile and Best Buy. The Samsung Galaxy S9 and S9+ have game-changing cameras with variable aperture and 960fps slow-mo video recording. The Big Barcelona Camera Comparison: iPhone X vs Pixel 2 XL vs Note 8. Samsung Galaxy S9 and S9+ rumor review: Specs, design, features, price and release date. Samsung Galaxy A8 (2018) Review 6.5. Sony Xperia XA2 and Xperia XA2 Ultra Review 7.8. Huawei Mate 10 Lite Review 8. Jabra Elite 65t wireless earphones Review 8.5. Samsung Galaxy Note 3 vs Samsung Galaxy Note 2. LG V30 Review 8.8. Sony presents Xperia XZ2 and XZ2 Compact: new design and Snapdragon 845. Galaxy S9 Exynos edition gets benchmarked against rivals!. Galaxy S9 first camera comparison vs iPhone X, V30, S8. Samsung Galaxy S9 & S9+ hands-on. MWC 2018: top smartphones to expect. Best smartphone you can buy in 2018. Allo is a quality app, but Google isn't giving it a real chance. All content (phone reviews, news, specs, info), design and layouts are Copyright 2001-2018 phoneArena.com. Reproduction in whole or in part or in any form or medium without written permission is prohibited! Privacy. 
The best way to stay connected to the Android pulse. Our main newsletter is the Android Weekly which is sent every Sunday and contains all the top Android news, reviews and features from the past week.. The best way to stay connected to the Android pulse.. 100% Privacy, No Spam Policy: We value privacy and your email address will be 100% secure. We hate spam just like you do and will never send you too much email, nor will we ever share your information with anyone.. by Scott Adam Gordon September 30, 2017. Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus.. LG V20 updates US Android 7.0 Nougat Android 7.1.1 Nougat Android 8.0. April 14, 2017 : AT&T rolls out a 174 MB patch with the latest Android security updates. April 1, 2017 : Verizon delivers software optimizations, bug fixes, and the latest security updates to the V20. May 25, 2017 : T-Mobile rolls out various bug fixes and stability improvements, including a problem with the E911 timer. fixes a bug that stopped some devices connecting to the Sprint network when moving from Mexico into the US. The LG V20 is yet to receive any noteworthy updates in international markets.. Welcome to the LG V20 Android update tracker page. This page covers all major U.S. carriers with a quick reference table for each and a log with links to further details. It will be regularly updated with the latest LG V20 update information, but it won’t include general security patches on their own.. We recommend you bookmark this page so you can stay up to date with the very latest updates.. The LG V20 was released in October last yearÂ. and was the phone to introduce Android Nougat to the world. As one of LG’s latest flagship devices, it’s expected to receive Android 8.0 Oreo , though LG hasn’t commented on this. The V20 may also receive the incremental update to Android 7.1.1, but LG tends to skip the middle version of the Android updates, so there’s only an outside chance that this will happen.. LG was pretty fast to update the LG G5 to Nougat also , getting it out to unlocked models last November, but the LG V10 was waiting until May to get it. Based on that, it’s difficult to predict how long the V20 could wait to receive Android Oreo, but we’d expect it won’t be until 2018.. If you’ve received an update we’ve missed, hit the comments below or Tip Us !. LG LG V20 Android Nougat Android 8.0. Android 8.0 , Android Nougat , LG , LG V20. Please enter a valid email address. Android Authority APP Get it on. Your source for all things Android!. Â© 2018 Android Authority | All Rights Reserved.. 
account Coverage Deals Devices Plans & Services. T-mobile.com | Español Account Check your usage Coverage Deals Rebates Promotional Credits Devices Choose a device SIM cards Software updates Tutorials Plans & Services DIGITS T-Mobile ONE JUMP! Manage your data service News & Updates Ask our community Contact Us Log In / Sign Up. Support Ask our community Log in / Register Support. Error: You don't have JavaScript enabled. This tool uses JavaScript and much of it will not work correctly without it enabled. Please turn JavaScript back on and reload this page.. Log in to follow, share, and participate in this community.. Not a member? Join Now!. Find ways to contact us now. Español About Investor relations Press Careers Deutsche Telekom Puerto Rico Privacy Policy Privacy & Security Resources Consumer Information Public Safety/911 TERMS & CONDITIONS Terms of Use Accessibility Open Internet. Other T-Mobile sites My T-Mobile T-Mobile.com T-Mobile Prepaid T-Mobile Puerto Rico T-Mobile Refer-a-Friend. Popular tasks Check coverage Check order status Find a store Refill your Prepaid account Shop phones, tablets, & accessories Trade in your device Unlock your device. Business Wireless that works for your business Business support. Featured Services JUMP! Stateside International Napster unRadio. 
This web site uses cookies to improve your experience. By viewing our content, you are accepting the use of cookies. To find out more and change your cookie settings, please. Newsletters All Writers Log In to ZDNET Join ZDNet About ZDNet Preferences Community Newsletters Log Out. LG V20 review: A handheld media creator with smart business looks and functions. | October 25, 2016 -- 12:21 GMT (20:21 GMT+08:00). Speakerphone, voice control, call timer, conference call, flight mode, voice dialing, vibrating alert. ESS technology, 32-bit Hi-Fi Quad DAC. Rear-facing camera, front-facing camera, audio player, voice recorder, navigation. microSDXC - up to 2 TB. Unrivaled video recording quality and control. Outstanding audio recording and playback features. Android 7.0 out of the box. LG UX 5.0+ is still a bit heavy. Specifications Processor : 2.15 GHz Snapdragon 820 Display : 5.7 inch Quad HD IPS at 2560 x 1440 pixels resolution, 513 ppi. Secondary display: 160 x 1040 pixels, 3.1 inches Operating system : Android 7.0 Nougat RAM : 4GB Storage : 64GB internal storage and microSD card slot Cameras : Dual rear cameras; 16 megapixel 75-degree f/1.8 and 8 megapixel 135 degrees f/2.4. Front-facing 120-degree 5 megapixel f/1.9 with toggle for 83 degrees. Audio : Loud, bottom-facing mono speaker with 3.5mm headset jack Extras : IR port for remote control, FM radio Battery : 3,200 mAh removable battery with Quick Charge 3.0 technology Dimensions : 159.7 x 78.1 x 7.6 mm and 174 grams Hardware. Software Pricing and competition Daily usage experiences and conclusion. Last month I took a pre-production LG V20 for a spin and then was recently sent a T-Mobile production model to evaluate. The LG V20 will be available in US carrier stores at the end of this week and it will appeal to many Android fans.. Android 7.0 Nougat released: What to expect on the Nexus 6P. Android's latest software is available starting today, if you own a compatible Nexus device. The LG V20 will be the first non-Nexus to launch with Nougat while many other devices will get it over the next few months.. The LG V20 is one of the few flagship devices with a removable battery and microSD expansion card slot. Thankfully, it does not have the failed modular design of the LG G5. It's a worthy successor to the LG V10 and may appeal to the road warrior.. The LG V20 is the first non-Pixel Android smartphone to launch with Android 7.0 Nougat so you won't have to wait ages to be updated to the latest version of the operating system.. LG sent along the T-Mobile LG V20 for me to evaluate so I could use it daily with my own personal SIM card, which is the best way to truly test out a mobile phone.. Last year, it was rare to find water resistance and millions of us were able to survive without it for years. However, after I killed the pre-production model while it was in my pocket during a walk in light rain, I am hesitant to buy a phone without some form of water resistance or nano coating.. The LG V20 is a big phone, 1.5 mm taller and 0.2 mm wider than the Apple iPhone 7 Plus. It is 14 grams lighter so if you are OK carrying the iPhone 7 Plus, or 6s Plus for that matter, then you will likely be just fine with the LG V20 too.. Like the iPhone 7 Plus, the LG V20 is a glass and metal beast. With a removable metal back, you might think it feels cheap and that the fit and finish would suffer. That is not the case here as LG has done a great job with a solid back release button, positioned as if it was a camera capture button, and a metal back that extends up the sides and nearly the entire back of the phone. The metal is thin and light, but when it is locked into place on the back of the LG V20 it feels great.. Seams are tight, the glass/metal/plastic meetups on the corners of the sides look good, and overall the LG V20 is a smart looking device. It will definitely look good in the office and conference room.. In addition to good looks, the LG V20 is built with AL6013 aluminum and silicone polycarbonate to withstand the MIL-STD 810G transit drop test. We saw this integrated durability with the LG V10 so it's great to know your phone could survive an accidental drop. The LG V10 had sturdy stainless steel rails and a rugged rubberized back. The LG V20 uses thin aluminum material and it doesn't feel as substantial as the V10.. The front Gorilla Glass 4 extends all the way to each side and just a few mm from the top and bottom. There is a plastic and glass bottom bezel with LG stamped into the glass portion. It's a smaller chin than the Google Pixel and Moto Z with the plastic and glass offering a nice place to rest your thumb. Above the main display you will find the secondary display with the front facing camera to the left and headset speaker above.. Volume buttons are found on the upper left with the back cover release button towards the lower right. The speaker, a mic opening, 3.5mm headset jack, and USB Type-C port are all positioned on the bottom. Another mic is placed on the top, along with a very small opening for the IR port.. There is a definite camera hump on the back, centered above the rear fingerprint scanner. I'm personally not a fan of rear fingerprint scanners as it requires that I pick up the device to unlock it while it rests on my desk. The camera protrusion contains the dual LED flash, two rear cameras, and the laser sensor. Just looking at the back tells you that the LG V20 is a media capture focused device.. 1 - 5 of 13. One rear camera has a 135-degree lens with a single button toggle in the camera software. You can capture more content in your photos through the front 120-degree lens too. Again, there is a toggle for the front facing camera to have a standard image or wide-angle image from the front.. T-Mobile continues to improve and expand its LTE network and one unique feature of the LG V20 is support for T-Mobile's new LTE AWS-3 spectrum. This support should give users more capacity for data, depending on whether or not the area you are in supports AWS-3. It's nice to buy a phone with support for the latest and greatest network technology, especially when it also launches with the newest version of the Android operating system.. The LG V20 is a media creation machine with three excellent cameras and three mics. The V20 captures audio using 24-bit/48 kHz Linear Pulse Code Modulation (LPCM), the same format used in professional video equipment.. A quad-DAC (digital to audio converter) from ESS Technologies is included in the LG V20. T-Mobile and Sprint include the B&O Play H3 headphones so you can enjoy a fantastic audio experience with your favorite music. Android Authority has a very detailed article that explains all you ever wanted to know about this technology. The bottom line is that high resolution audio files should be more enjoyable, but even with my standard quality audio files I am enjoying the music experience on the LG V20.. Typically when you purchase a new Samsung, LG, or HTC device you are buying one with the previous version of the Android OS. Thankfully, LG worked with Google to launch the LG V20 with Android 7.0 Nougat out of the box. Google will keep some Nougat features exclusive to the Pixel line, but it's still good to know that you are purchasing a phone with the latest version of Android. The LG V20 I am using has the 1 September 2016 Android security update too.. As the mobile space continues to evolve, most manufacturers have learned to reduce the influence of their custom UI. Samsung TouchWiz is unrecognizable from the past heavy-handed cartoon animations, however LG still has a UI that is a bit too strong in my opinion. You can customize the heck out of the device though and you can always install a third party launcher if that works better for you. I installed the Google Now launcher as I prefer to swipe over for the Google Now screen and am satisfied with the LG V20 running in this manner.. LG calls its latest UI LG UX 5.0+. By default, there is no app drawer present, but a simple toggle enables the more traditional app drawer for those who prefer this interface. LG UX 5.0+ includes Knock Code, 2nd screen notifications and controls, advanced audio recording modes, themes, LG Health improvements, multi-window support, and more. These type of manufacturer customizations may slow things down a bit, but so far I haven't seen lag on the LG V20.. LG attempts to implement a comfort screen feature, but it is only enabled manually. iOS and some other Android devices let you setup a time when the display switches to a mode to help with late night or early morning usage and I would like to see LG implement this functionality too.. The T-Mobile LG V20 will be available this week for $769.99, which is actually about $100 less than competing flagship devices. In addition, when you purchase this phone from T-Mobile you receive a free pair of B&O Play H3 earphones, a $149.99 value.. LG phones have always launched a bit less than other flagships and the LG V20 is no different. A comparable 128GB Apple iPhone 7 Plus is priced at $849. The 128GB Google Pixel XL is $869. The 6-month old Samsung Galaxy S7 Edge, with 64GB internal and microSD card, is priced at $789.99.. LG V20 first impressions: in pictures. 1 - 5 of 12. The price of the LG V20 looks to be all over the place with AT&T charging $829.99, Verizon $672, and Sprint $792. Sprint also includes a free pair of Bang & Olufson H3 earphones.. LG doesn't get much respect in the mobile space, but then again it launched the LG G5 with no useful modular accessories so hasn't necessarily convinced people it deserves their business. The LG V20 was announced in early September and may have won some new customers if it could have been available a few weeks ago when the Galaxy Note 7 went down in flames.. That said, the LG V20 will be launching this week and it is a fantastic option for Android smartphone fans. As I stated in my first impressions , the more I use the LG V20 the more I like it. Now that I have it loaded up with all of my favorite apps and have been using it as my daily driver it is definitely a device to consider.. If you create content, both in images or audio, then I don't think you will find a device better than the LG 20. Audio quality is outstanding and the ability to control and edit the audio right on the phone is amazing. It's truly a portable media creation machine.. Call quality is outstanding on the T-Mobile network with VoLTE and video calling support. The inclusion of AWS-3 is important for the enterprise customer looking for a phone that is able to work with future network expansion.. Some folks won't buy a phone without a removable battery and with this feature, you will be able to use the LG V20 for years. When the battery degrades over time, simple replace it and get back in action again.. It would be great to at least see some nano coating in the device, but without that if you intend to use the LG V20 outside in the elements you should look for a water resistant case.. Kick off your day with ZDNet's daily email newsletter. It's the freshest tech news and opinion, served hot. Fujitsu Lifebook E558 review: Configurable and well-connected. Honor 9 Lite review: Leader of the affordable Android pack. Apple iMac Pro (late 2017) review: An AIO for the Pro crowd. Apple HomePod review: Leaves a stain but not a strong impression. Please review our terms of service to complete your newsletter subscription. By registering you become a member of the CBS Interactive family of sites and you have read and agree to the Terms of Use , Privacy Policy and Video Services Policy. You agree to receive updates, alerts and promotions from CBS and that CBS may share information about you with our marketing partners so that they may contact you by email or otherwise about their products or services.. You will also receive a complimentary subscription to the ZDNet's Tech Update Today and ZDNet Announcement newsletters. You may unsubscribe from these newsletters at any time.. You have been successfully signed up. To sign up for more newsletters or to manage your account, visit the Newsletter Subscription Center .. Privacy Policy | Cookies | Ad Choice | Advertise | Terms of Use | Mobile User Agreement. Select Site CBS Cares CBS Films CBS Radio CBS.com CBSInteractive CBSNews.com CBSSports.com Chowhound CNET College Networks GameSpot Last.fm MaxPreps Metacritic.com Moneywatch mySimon Radio.com Search.com Shopper.com Showtime TechRepublic The Insider TV.com UrbanBaby.com ZDNet. Manage | Log Out. 
I cover consumer tech in Asia. Opinions expressed by Forbes Contributors are their own.. The LG V10 is my favorite phone of last year, and though it hasn't been my daily driver for the past five months, it's still my go-to phone when I'm at home lying in bed reading articles. I love how it feels in my hand -- those steel railings and that Kevlar-like back. (For those who might be wondering: my daily driver right now is back to the Huawei P9 Plus. Samsung Galaxy Note 7 for a while, but. the phone back to Singapore for an exchange, and who knows how long that'll take because the recall. Anyway, I have the LG V20 on me right now (thanks, Merrick!) and man, does this phone feel different. As others have pointed out already, this looks/feels like a follow up to the G5 more than the V10, which is both good and bad. The good? Well, sleek metal phones are popular, and the V20 improves significantly on the G5's build quality and design. But personally, I think the V10's design has a bit more character. That thing is built like a tank. (The V20 is supposedly as sturdy and hard-to-break as the V10, but I don't intend on fact checking that. I'm super careful with my gear.). Still, the V20 is a great looking phone. It certainly meets that metal, sleek criteria.. The V20 (right) and its bigger, heavier, more rugged older brother, the V10. This piece is a quick hands on of the V20, and a comparison to the V10. I will have a full review of the V20 coming later.. First, let's talk about the defining feature of the V series, the second screen. The V20 improves on this front drastically: the display is brighter, and the font is significantly bigger. That means you no longer have to squint or lean closer to your phone to check the time or read incoming notifications. Speaking of the latter, the V20 now. that appear on the second screen by tapping on this arrow icon. Doing so will bring expand the notification into a banner (on the main display) with which you can interact. On the V10, you either read the notification on the second screen, or tap it to open the app.. Much like the G5 (okay, exactly like the G5), the V20 has two cameras in the back, a "normal" shooter and a wide-angle lens. I covered the wide-angle lens back in my G5 review , and I'll also go into it more in the V20 review later, so for this post. I'll ignore that second lens and focus on the main shooter. (If you really need to know what the wide-angle lens do right now, then please read the G5 review ).. a 16-megapixel f/1.8 shooter that has the same specs as the V10's camera, but the V20 takes significantly better photos in low-light and captures slightly more details overall, too. Let's not be ridiculous like Tim Cook and the rest of his Apple team at the iPhone 7 announcement, gushing on and on about how the iPhone 7's camera "is better" than the iPhone 6's camera. 
Home Shop MWC News Reviews Features Opinions Videos The Gadgets 360 Show Cell Guru Prime Tech Smartphone Reviews Tech and Gadget Reviews How-To Videos Video Game Reviews and Features Top Lists by Gadgets 360 Unboxing and Hands-On Videos Podcasts Compare Mobiles Phone Finder DEALS. Mobiles Tablets Apps Gaming Cameras PC/Laptops AUDIO/VIDEO How To Telecom Science INDIA INTERNET SOCIAL MEDIA WEARABLES हिंदी. Acer Adcom Alcatel Apple Archos Asus BlackBerry Blu Celkon Coolpad Datawind Fly Gionee HTC Huawei iBall iBerry Idea InFocus Intex iVoomi Jivi Karbonn Lava LeEco Lenovo LG Lyf Maxx Mobile Meizu Micromax Microsoft Motorola MTS Nokia Obi Oppo Panasonic Philips Ringing Bells Samsung Sony Spice Swipe Videocon Vivo Wickedleak Xiaomi Xolo Yu Zen Ziox Zopo ZTE. Home Mobiles Phone Finder LG V20. SPECIFICATIONS USER REVIEWS NEWS. Share on Facebook Tweet Share Share Email Reddit. LG V20 smartphone was launched in September 2016. The phone comes with a 5.70-inch touchscreen display with a resolution of 1440 pixels by 2560 pixels at a PPI of 513 pixels per inch. LG V20 price in India starts from Rs. The LG V20 is powered by 1.6GHz quad-core Qualcomm MSM8996 Snapdragon 820 processor and it comes with 4GB of RAM. The phone packs 32GB of internal storage that can be expanded up to 2000GB via a microSD card. As far as the cameras are concerned, the LG V20 packs a 16-megapixel primary camera on the rear and a 5-megapixel front shooter for selfies. The LG V20 runs Android 7.0 and is powered by a 3200mAh removable battery. It measures 159.70 x 78.10 x 7.60 (height x width x thickness) and weigh 174.00 grams. The LG V20 is a dual SIM (GSM) smartphone that accepts Nano-SIM and Nano-SIM. Connectivity options include Wi-Fi, GPS, Bluetooth, NFC, Infrared, USB OTG, 3G and 4G (with support for Band 40 used by some LTE networks in India). Sensors on the phone include Compass Magnetometer, Proximity sensor, Accelerometer and Gyroscope.. REVIEW KEY SPECS NEWS Price in india. Design Display Software Performance Battery Life Camera Value for Money. Good Genuinely useful secondary screen Great camera quality Excellent screen Good battery life Removable battery Should be able to survive drops Bad Software bloat Flagship-level pricing Doesn't look or feel very premium. Read detailed LG V20 review. LG V20 Available With 20 Percent Discount as Company Celebrates 20 Years in India. LG V20 Bootloop Issue Caused by Non-Genuine USB Type-C Cables, Company Reportedly Claims. More LG mobiles LG mobiles price in India. LG V20 Price in India V20 (Titan, 64GB, 4GB RAM) Rs. 22,990 V20 (Pink, 64GB, 4GB RAM) Rs. 28,999 V20 (Silver, 64GB, 4GB RAM) Rs. Release date September 2016 Form factor Touchscreen Dimensions (mm) 159.70 x 78.10 x 7.60 Weight (g) 174.00 Battery capacity (mAh) 3200 Removable battery Yes. Screen size (inches) 5.70 Touchscreen Yes Resolution 1440x2560 pixels Pixels per inch (PPI) 513. Processor 1.6GHz quad-core Processor make Qualcomm MSM8996 Snapdragon 820 RAM 4GB Internal storage 32GB Expandable storage Yes Expandable storage type microSD Expandable storage up to (GB) 2000. Rear camera 16-megapixel Rear Flash Dual LED Front camera 5-megapixel. Wi-Fi Yes Wi-Fi standards supported 802.11 a/b/g/n/ac GPS Yes Bluetooth Yes, v 4.20 NFC Yes Infrared Yes USB OTG Yes Headphones 3.5mm FM No Number of SIMs 2 SIM 1 SIM Type Nano-SIM GSM/CDMA GSM 3G Yes 4G/ LTE Yes Supports 4G in India (Band 40) Yes SIM 2 SIM Type Nano-SIM 3G No 4G/ LTE No Supports 4G in India (Band 40) Yes. Compass/ Magnetometer Yes Proximity sensor Yes Accelerometer Yes Ambient light sensor No Gyroscope Yes Barometer No Temperature sensor No. Error or missing information? Please let us know. User ratings and reviews for LG V20. 5 Out of 5. 5 Star 3 4 Star 3 Star 2 Star 1 Star. Displaying review(s) 1- 3 of 3 Sort by: Most Helpful Most Recent. By sami mohiuddin | 24 Feb 2017. This phone is very beautiful mobile v20 comeing with b&o headset this is nice headset and this mobile satisfyed form US miltry. Was this review helpful? Yes No. By Sudhir Das | 13 Sep 2016. Obviously I have not yet used this phone (Soon to be launched, only in S. What this review, and the lone user review missed is what makes this phone special. It's not the quad HD display, or the storage, or the battery.. This is a phone for AV enthusiasts. It natively plays FLAC, WAV and AIFF files. It's got a better DAC than most phones. Also lots of features when it comes to recording audio. Better than CD-quality recording (as good as a pro camera). At least that's what LG claims.. I mean this is the whole point of existence of this device. At least the review could have covered that.. Was this review helpful? Yes No. By Ashutosh Acharya | 8 Sep 2016. As a fan of LG, I would say its a flagship killer phone of the year 2016. Specifications seems to be very good in terms of paper.I liked specially its QDAC audio technology,second screen and its replaceable battery. Let us see when it will launch in India and what will be its price. I would like Gadgets360 to update its price,launch date in India and your rating based on the performance of the phone.. Was this review helpful? Yes No. LG V20 Available With 20 Percent Discount as Company Celebrates 20 Years in India. LG V20 Bootloop Issue Caused by Non-Genuine USB Type-C Cables, Company Reportedly Claims. LG V20 Launched in India: Price, Release Date, Specifications, and More. LG V20 India Launch Set for Monday. LG V20 to Be Available in India From Thursday at Best Price of Rs. LG V20 Price in India at Launch Will be Rs. LG V20 Smartphone's Rear Camera Glass Shatters Easily, Claim Some Users. LG V20 Goes on Sale This Week; US Pre-Orders Expected to Start October 17. LG V30S+ ThinQ LG V30S ThinQ LG K8 (2018) LG K10a (2018) LG K10+ (2018) LG K10 (2018) LG X4+ LG Signature Edition LG K7i LG V30+ LG V30 LG Q8 LG Q6a LG Q6 LG Q6+ LG G6+ LG X500 LG X venture LG Stylo 3 Plus LG X power2 LG X400 LG G6 LG X300 LG Stylus 3 LG K3 (2017) LG K4 (2017) LG K8 (2017) LG K10 (2017) LG U LG V34. LG V10 LG G6 vs. LG V20 LG V30 vs. LG V20 Htc 10 Evo vs. Lenovo K6 LG V20 vs. Motorola Moto Z Play LG V20 vs. LG K10 Infinix Zero 5 vs. Samsung Galaxy S7 Edge LG V20 vs. LG G5 LG V20 vs. LG V10 LG V20 vs. Nokia 7 Plus Is an Android One Phone With Dual Rear Cameras, Zeiss Optics Samsung Galaxy S9, Galaxy S9+ Pre-Orders Now Open in India Samsung Galaxy S9, Galaxy S9+ With Improved Cameras, AR Emoji Launched Nokia 8110 4G Is a 'Slider' Feature Phone With Google, Facebook Apps OnePlus 5, OnePlus 5T HD Content Streaming Issue Fixed, With a Catch Samsung Galaxy S9 a Worthy Upgrade? A Look at What's New Vodafone to Offer 4.5GB Data Per Day for 28 Days at Rs. 799: Report Nokia 6 (2018) Android One Phone With Snapdragon 630 Launched at MWC 2018 Nokia 8 Sirocco With Dual Cameras, Stainless Steel Frame Launched at MWC Sony Unveils Xperia Ear Duo to Answer Apple AirPods, Samsung Gear IconX. Samsung phones price list Lyf phones price list Micromax phones price list Sony phones price list Htc phones price list Lenovo phones price list Intex phones price list Lava phones price list Apple phones price list Nokia phones price list Xolo phones price list Lg phones price list Vivo phones price list Oppo phones price list Gionee phones price list Motorola phones price list Blackberry phones price list Xiaomi phones price list. Sitemaps Archives Advertise About Us Feedback Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions Complaint Redressal Careers Contact Us RSS Ethics LG V20 in Hindi. © Copyright Red Pixels Ventures Limited 2018. Subject Comments. 
