Shop & support Shop & support. Account & services Account & services Account & services Billing & payments Back Billing & payments. View my bill View my bill View my bill Make a payment Make a payment Make a payment Payment activity & options Payment activity & options Payment activity & options. My wireless Back My wireless. Check usage Check usage Check usage Manage data Manage data Manage data Change wireless plan Change wireless plan Change wireless plan International options International options International options Manage devices & features Manage devices & features Manage devices & features Upgrade a device Upgrade a device Upgrade a device Add a device Add a device Add a device Buy accessories Buy accessories Buy accessories Get wireless support Get wireless support Get wireless support My DIRECTV Back My DIRECTV. View package details View package details View package details Shop TV Shop TV Shop TV. Watch TV Watch TV Watch TV. Move my service Move my service Move my service Get TV support Get TV support Get TV support My U-verse TV Back My U-verse TV. View package details View package details View package details Change TV package Change TV package Change TV package Shop TV Shop TV Shop TV. Move my service Move my service Move my service Get TV support Get TV support Get TV support My Internet Back My Internet. View plan details View plan details View plan details Change Internet plan Change Internet plan Change Internet plan Get equipment Get equipment Get equipment Shop Internet Shop Internet Shop Internet. Move my service Move my service Move my service Get Internet support Get Internet support Get Internet support My DSL Back My DSL. View plan details View plan details View plan details Change Internet plan Change Internet plan Change Internet plan Get equipment Get equipment Get equipment Shop Internet Shop Internet Shop Internet. Move my service Move my service Move my service Get Internet support Get Internet support Get Internet support My Dialup Back My Dialup. View plan details View plan details View plan details Change my plan Change my plan Change my plan Get equipment Get equipment Get equipment Shop Internet Shop Internet Shop Internet. Move my service Move my service Move my service Get Internet support Get Internet support Get Internet support My digital home phone Back My digital home phone. View plan details View plan details View plan details Change my plan Change my plan Change my plan Shop Phone Shop Phone Shop Phone. Move my service Move my service Move my service Get home phone support Get home phone support Get home phone support My home phone Back My home phone. View plan details View plan details View plan details Change my plan Change my plan Change my plan Shop Phone Shop Phone Shop Phone. Move my service Move my service Move my service Get home phone support Get home phone support Get home phone support Rewards & offers Back Earn & save. AT&T THANKS AT&T THANKS AT&T THANKS Military savings Military savings Military savings Special offers Special offers Special offers Deals Deals Deals Wireless Back Shop wireless. About wireless About wireless About wireless Phones & tablets Phones & tablets Phones & tablets Talk, text & data plans Talk, text & data plans Talk, text & data plans Connected devices Connected devices Connected devices International options International options International options Features & apps Features & apps Features & apps AT&T PREPAID AT&T PREPAID AT&T PREPAID Bring your own device Bring your own device Bring your own device AT&T Trade-in Program AT&T Trade-in Program AT&T Trade-in Program. Wireless support Wireless support Wireless support TV Back Shop TV. About TV About TV About TV DIRECTV DIRECTV DIRECTV DIRECTV NOW DIRECTV NOW DIRECTV NOW U-verse TV U-verse TV U-verse TV International packages International packages International packages DIRECTV bundles DIRECTV bundles DIRECTV bundles U-verse TV bundles U-verse TV bundles U-verse TV bundles Watch TV Watch TV Watch TV. Move my service Move my service Move my service TV support TV support TV support Internet Back Shop Internet. About Internet plans About Internet plans About Internet plans AT&T Fiber AT&T Fiber AT&T Fiber Access from AT&T Access from AT&T Access from AT&T Internet bundles Internet bundles Internet bundles Internet equipment Internet equipment Internet equipment. Move my service Move my service Move my service Internet support Internet support Internet support Home phone Back Shop home phone. About home phone About home phone About home phone Digital phone plans Digital phone plans Digital phone plans Wireless Home Phone Wireless Home Phone Wireless Home Phone Traditional local phone Traditional local phone Traditional local phone Traditional long distance Traditional long distance Traditional long distance Lifeline Lifeline Lifeline Phones & accessories Phones & accessories Phones & accessories. Move my service Move my service Move my service Home phone support Home phone support Home phone support Bundles Back Shop bundles. DIRECTV + Internet DIRECTV + Internet DIRECTV + Internet DIRECTV + wireless DIRECTV + wireless DIRECTV + wireless U-verse TV + Internet U-verse TV + Internet U-verse TV + Internet TV + Internet + Phone TV + Internet + Phone TV + Internet + Phone Build my own bundle Build my own bundle Build my own bundle Smart technology Back Shop smart technology. About smart technology About smart technology About smart technology Smart home security Smart home security Smart home security Connected car Connected car Connected car Smart watches & devices Smart watches & devices Smart watches & devices Connected Marketplace Connected Marketplace Connected Marketplace Accessories Back Shop accessories. About accessories About accessories About accessories Cases Cases Cases Chargers Chargers Chargers Audio Audio Audio Toys & gadgets Toys & gadgets Toys & gadgets Internet equipment Internet equipment Internet equipment Home accessories Home accessories Home accessories Rewards & offers Back Earn & save. AT&T THANKS AT&T THANKS AT&T THANKS Military savings Military savings Military savings Special offers Special offers Special offers Deals Deals Deals More from AT&T Back More from AT&T. att.net News, entertainment & more att.net News, entertainment & more att.net News, entertainment & more myAT&T app Manage your account myAT&T app Manage your account myAT&T app Manage your account DIRECTV Now Stream TV live + On Demand DIRECTV Now Stream TV live + On Demand DIRECTV Now Stream TV live + On Demand AT&T Call Protect Control nuisance calls AT&T Call Protect Control nuisance calls AT&T Call Protect Control nuisance calls AT&T Digital Life Home security & automation AT&T Digital Life Home security & automation AT&T Digital Life Home security & automation AT&T THANKS Easily take advantage of your AT&T THANKS benefits. AT&T THANKS Easily take advantage of your AT&T THANKS benefits. AT&T THANKS Easily take advantage of your AT&T THANKS benefits. AT&T Mobile Security Helps protect your data from mobile threats. AT&T Mobile Security Helps protect your data from mobile threats. AT&T Mobile Security Helps protect your data from mobile threats. AT&T FamilyMap Know your family’s location AT&T FamilyMap Know your family’s location AT&T FamilyMap Know your family’s location. Support center Support center Support center Check order status Check order status Check order status Find a store Find a store Find a store Contact us Contact us Contact us. Small business Small business Small business Enterprise business Enterprise business Enterprise business Partner solutions Partner solutions Partner solutions Government agency Government agency Government agency. Help me choose Help me choose Help me choose. You already have items in your cart for postpaid service. Sorry, but prepaid and postpaid service can't be combined in the same order. If you'd like to order both prepaid and postpaid service, please place two separate orders.. {{ minPrices.lease.monthlyLeasePrice | currency | dollars }} {{ minPrices.lease.monthlyLeasePrice | currency | onlycents }} /mo. Requires 0% APR {{minPrices.lease.leaseTotalMonths}}-month installment agreement, well-qualified credit and service. Now price is {{ minPrices.regular.dueToday | currency | dollars }} point {{ minPrices.regular.dueToday | currency | onlycents }} /mo. Original price was {{ minPrices.regular.listPrice | currency | dollars }} point {{ minPrices.regular.listPrice | currency | onlycents }}. Selecting Shop will take you away from att.com. Learn more about the Connected Marketplace .. from {{x.priceDisplay.price | currency}} /mo.. local time to get it today. false ram enjoy false C2S. Pick up in store today |. Pick up in a nearby store. Just {{myFavDeviceStock}} left at this store. See more stores with this product. See more stores with this product. Tell us where you are to see a list of stores in your area.. These are the AT&T stores closest to. Please enter your ZIP code to find out if you're eligible for the hand-delivery with expert setup service.. Online and store prices may differ, and prices may vary from store to store.. Showing availability at company-owned AT&T stores and kiosks only.. SHOCK, 1 DUST & WATER-RESISTANT. The reliable metal frame with reinforced corners helps protect against shock, 1 dust, and water. Stream your favorite shows on the integrated widget. Talk, text, and so much more with the 4100mAh battery 4 featuring fast-charging capabilities. Capture HD photos and videos on the 16 MP rear-facing and 5 MP front-facing cameras.. Life’s good when you play more. With its long-lasting battery and essential outdoor tools, the LG X venture™ gives you the power and the tools to take on adventure and enjoy entertainment on the go.. SHOCK, 1 DUST & WATER-RESISTANT 2. Play hard on your bike or hang by the pool. The reliable metal frame with reinforced corners helps to protect against shock, 1 dust, and water. With the integrated widget, you can stream your favorite shows 3 virtually anywhere in striking detail on the 5.2” Full HD Gorilla Glass screen. Capture high-quality HD photos and videos with the 16 MP rear-facing and 5 MP front-facing cameras.. The internal battery lasts up to 1 day. 4 And with fast charging capabilities, 5 you’ll be on your way before you know it.. Useful tools like weather, 6 barometer, 6 LG Heath, 7 compass, flashlight, and stopwatch are on one page for an awesome outdoor experience.. Enjoy your entertainment virtually anywhere on the nation’s best data network. Size (L x W x D in inches). 5.2-inch Full HD Corning ® Gorilla ® Glass. 1080p (1920x1080) @30fps: H/264+AAC (33 minutes) 720p (1280x720) @30fps: H/264+AAC (47 minutes). Panorama, Steady recording, Auto shot, Gesture shot, Burst shot, Timer, Quick share, Quick video editor. Up to 60; with headset, up to 100. Octa-core, 4 at 1.4GHz and 4 at 1.1GHz. Bands 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 7, 12, 20, 29, and 30. AT&T App Select, AT&T Call Protect, AT&T Protect Plus, DIRECTV®, DriveMode, Lookout®, Setup & Transfer, Smart Help, Smart Limits, AT&T FamilyMap, AT&T Smart Wi-Fi, Visual Voicemail. Amazon ® Shopping, Remote Support, Uber, YPmobile, Facebook. Provides fast, easy account access virtually anywhere, anytime. Accelerometer, Gyroscope, Ambient Light, Fingerprint, Proximity, Digital Compass. Insert pictures, sound clips easily (messaging charges apply). See when messages are delivered, read, and when others are typing a response. Send larger picture and video files up to 10 MB per attachment.. POP3/IMAP4, SMTP, Gmail, Push via Microsoft ® Exchange ActiveSync ® , Yahoo! ® , Hotmail ® , and more. LG Music and Google Play Music. Audio Codec AAC/AAC+/eAAC+, AMR-NB/WB, FLAC, MP3, MP2, Vorbis, PCM/WAVE, OPUS, WMA, ALAC Audio Format MP3, WMA, AAC, AMR, FLAC, WAV, MIDI, OGG, AIFF. Play, pause, rewind, and fast forward even if your phone is locked. User can control music via an accessory item, such as Bluetooth headset or other headsets.. The AT&T Eco-Rating 2.0 system gives you environmental and social details about this device. The system uses a total of 20 performance criteria across 5 different attributes, for a total rating of 1 to 5 stars: 19-20 (5-star), 16-18 (4-star), 13-15 (3-star), 10-12 (2-star), 8-9 (1-star). Please visit www.att.com/ecospace for additional information.. Passed four different MIL-STD 810G Tests for durability conducted by an independent laboratory in U.S. Device may not perform as tested in all conditions. 2 Water / Dust Resistant (IP68):. Tested under controlled laboratory conditions with a rating of IP68 under IEC standard 60529 (Water resistant up to 1.5 meter for 30 minutes). Do not charge the device when wet or after having been exposed to moisture.. Must be connected to same Wi-Fi network as receiver to use remote. Data rates may apply with use of app and streaming of content.. usage claims are approximated and based on a standard mixed-use profile that includes both usage and standby time. The mixed-use profile is based on LG devices connected to a nationwide 4G LTE network. Out-of-box settings are applied to the mixed-use profile to estimate battery performance. Actual battery performance will vary and depends on many factors including 3 rd -party applications, signal strength, network configuration, age of battery, operating temperature, features configuration, device settings, and voice, data, and other application usage patterns.. up to 50% within 48 minutes using travel charger and USB data cable included in the box.. and related software is not intended for use in the diagnosis of disease or other conditions, or in the cure, mitigation, treatment, or prevention of disease. Consult a doctor before starting an exercise program.. Claim based on the Nielsen Certified Data Network Score. Score includes data reported by wireless consumers in the Nielsen Mobile Insights survey, network measurements from Nielsen Mobile Performance and Nielsen Drive Test Benchmarks for Q3+Q4 2016 across 121 markets.. 9 Glove Mode results may vary depending on type of glove material. Achieve optimal results with thin material gloves 2mm or less.. 10 AT&T NEXT OR AT&T NEXT EVERY YEAR:. Tax on sales price due at sale. Requires 0% APR monthly installment agreement and eligible service. Divides sales price into monthly installments.. 30-month agreement with trade-in to upgrade when 80% of sales price is paid off.. 24-month agreement with trade-in to upgrade when 50% of sales price is paid off.. Limit as low as 2 smartphones at $0 down.. May be required and depends on a variety of factors. Down payment if required will be either 30% of sales price or a dollar amount ranging from currently $0 to $600 ( amount subject to change, and may be higher ). You may choose to pay more upfront. Remainder of sales price is divided into 30 or 24 monthly installments.. Eligible postpaid voice and data service (minimum $45 per month after AutoPay and Paperless billing discount for new customers. Pay $55 per month until discount starts within 2 bills. Existing customers can add to eligible current plans which may be less) is required and extra.. If service is cancelled, remaining installment agreement balance is due. $749.99 sales price on AT&T Next (30-month) with $0 down is $25 per month, with $225 down (30%) is $17.50 per month, or with $600 down is $5 per month. On AT&T Next Every Year (24-month) with $0 down is $31.25 per month, with $225 down (30%) is $21.88 per month, or with $600 down is $6.25 per month.. No upgrade fee for line with a smartphone purchased on an installment agreement prior to August 1, 2015.. Waiver of fee subject to change. Eligibility, device, line and financing limits & other restr’s apply.. Requires payment of percentage of sales price (50% or 80%), account in good standing, trade-in of financed device (or one of the same make and model) in good physical and fully functional condition through the AT&T Next or AT&T Next Every Year trade-in program (excludes AT&T trade-in program where you receive an instant credit or AT&T promotion card), and purchase of new eligible smartphone with qualified wireless service. After upgrade, unbilled installments are waived. and your Retail Installment Agreement for full details.. GENERAL WIRELESS SERVICE: Subject to wireless customer agreement ( att.com/wca ). Limits: Purchase and line limits apply. Credit approval, fees, monthly and other charges, usage, eligibility and other restrictions per line may apply. See att.com/additionalcharges for more details on other charges. Pricing and terms are subject to change and may be modified or terminated at any time without notice. Coverage and service are not available everywhere. You get an off-net (roaming) usage allowance for each service. If you exceed the allowance, your services may be restricted or terminated. Other restrictions apply and may result in service termination. For info on AT&T network management policies see att.com/broadbandinfo .. 10 FREE Express Shipping: Postpaid orders will be processed and shipped subject to credit approval, inventory availability, and validation of a proper shipping address and other information. CT will be processed the next business day. Inventory, credit, or other issues may delay shipment. No holiday, Saturday, or Sunday processing or delivery. Shipping policy is subject to change. Please note: It may take up to 24 hours to process your order if there are any issues with the credit approval process and/or the shipping address validation process. This 24-hour period is not included in the delivery time and should be taken into account in your order placement timing. Priority Shipments to Puerto Rico and the U.S. Virgin Islands may take more than 2 business days. Actual delivery date may also be affected by government processing, unforeseen weather and shipping carrier delays. Learn more about AT&T shipping options at att.com/shop/wireless/free-shipping.html. | Other Monthly Charges |. Returns Policy & Early Termination Fee |. Messaging & Data Charges |. Find a store Find a store Make a store appointment Make a store appointment Coverage maps Coverage maps Business customers Business customers. About AT&T About AT&T Contact us Contact us Feedback Feedback Ver en español. Legal policy center Legal policy center Privacy policy Privacy policy Terms of use Terms of use Broadband details Broadband details Advertising choices Advertising choices Accessibility Accessibility Site map Site map. Alert! As a security measure, your session is about to time out.. As a security measure, your session will end in 5 minutes. If you need more time, select Continue to extend your session.. As a security measure, your session will end in 5 minutes. If you need more time, select Save Cart to return at a later time or select Continue to extend your session.. Your myAT&T session has timed out. As a security measure, your session ends after 30 minutes of inactivity. Select Continue to login to myAT&T.. As a security measure, your session ends after 30 minutes of inactivity. Select Continue to return to the AT&T wireless homepage.. As a security measure, your session ends after 30 minutes of inactivity. Select Continue to return to the AT&T wireless homepage.. Alert! As a security measure, your session is about to time out.. As a security measure, your session will end in 5 minutes. If you need more time, select Continue to extend your session.. As a security measure, your session will end in 5 minutes. If you need more time, select Save Cart to return at a later time or select Continue to extend your session.. Your myAT&T session has timed out. As a security measure, your session ends after 30 minutes of inactivity. Select Continue to login to myAT&T.. As a security measure, your session ends after 30 minutes of inactivity. Select Continue to return to the AT&T wireless homepage.. As a security measure, your session ends after 30 minutes of inactivity. Select Continue to return to the AT&T wireless homepage.. 
To properly experience our LG.com website,. you will need to use an alternate browser or upgrade to a newer version of internet Explorer (IE9 or greater).. Right click at the top of your browser and make sure the “Menu Bar” option is selected. Select “Tools” from the menu bar and then select “Compatibility View settings”. In the pop-up menu uncheck all three boxes and click “Close”. Your browser window will automatically refresh and you’ll be ready to go. The LG.com website utilizes responsive design to provide convenient experience that conforms to your devices screen size. In order to get the best possible experience our LG.COM website please follow below instructions.. If you’re using Internet Explorer 8 or earlier, you will need to use an alternate browser such as Firefox or Chrome or upgrade to a newer version of internet Explorer (IE9 or greater) .. If you’re using Internet Explorer 9 and higher, turn off your Internet Explorer browser’s “Compatibility View settings” by following steps below:. LG SIGNATURE Products Support. Products OLED TVs Refrigerators Washers Dryers Air Purifiers Ranges Dishwashers. Mobile TV/Audio/Video Appliances Computers. Cell Phones Discover the LG V30 Discover the LG G6 All Phones AT&T Phones Sprint Phones T-Mobile Phones Verizon Phones US Cellular Phones Unlocked Phones. Bluetooth Headsets & Headphones All Bluetooth Headsets & Headphones Shop Headsets & Headphones Accessories Discover LG TONE Headsets & Headphones. Mobile Accessories All Mobile Accessories Wireless Keyboards Cell Phone Batteries Cell Phone Cradles & Chargers Cell Phones Covers & Cases. The Big Screen that Fits in Your Hand. TVs All TVs OLED TVs SUPER UHD TVs 4K Ultra HD TVs LED TVs. Home Audio All Home Audio Sound Bars Shelf Stereo & Loud Speaker Systems Bluetooth & Wireless Speakers Dolby Atmos Home Theater Smart Speakers Speakers with Meridian Audio. Home Video Blu-ray & DVD Players Projectors. TV Audio Video Accessories Remotes TV Wall Mounts 3D Glasses. Refrigerators Discover LG InstaView™ Door-in-Door® All Refrigerators Door-in-Door® LG InstaView™ Door-in-Door® French Door Side-by-Side Bottom Freezer Top Freezer Counter-Depth Kimchi/Specialty Foods. Cooking Appliances All Cooking Appliances Discover NeoChef™ Microwaves Ranges & Ovens Wall Ovens Cooktops Microwave Ovens Hoods. Dishwashers Discover QuadWash™ Top Control Dishwashers Front Control Dishwashers. Kitchen Accessories Refrigerator Filters All Kitchen Accessories Replacement Oven Knobs. Washers All Washers Discover LG SideKick™ Front Load Washers TWIN Load Washers LG SideKick™ Pedestal Washers Top Load Washers. Dryers Gas Dryers Electric Dryers. Steam Clothing Care System LG Styler. Air Care Solutions Air Purifiers Dehumidifiers. Vacuum Cleaners Robot Vacuum Cleaners Stick Vacuums. Knock Twice and See What's Inside. For Small Loads That Are a Big Deal. Consumer Monitors All Monitors Gaming Monitors 4K / 5K Monitors 21:9 UltraWide® Monitors UltraFine™ Monitors IPS Monitors LED Monitors. Commercial Monitors Desktop Monitors 21:9 UltraWide Monitors Medical Monitors Zero Client 4K UHD UltraFine™ Monitors. Burners & Drives All Burners & Drives Blu-ray Burners and Drives DVD Burners and Drives. Additional Support MyLG Account Parts & Accessories Document Upload Announcements Works with Voice Assistant. Repair Services Request a Repair Track Repair Locate Repair Provider LG Direct Service LG Authorized Service Center. Contact Us Chat & Email Telephone Twitter Support Ask the Community Facebook Support. Business Support Business Support Home Request RA Request SWAP Track RA or SWAP Status Business Warranty Enhanced Service Plan Five-Star Service. Top Searches LG Bridge LG PC Suite Smart Share Mobile Support TV Support. Discover Our Newest Collection of TV, Appliance and Mobile Accessories. Extend your protection for years to come with the additional peace of mind of LG Premium Care.. Step-by-Step Guide by Device and Cable Connector.. Search Search. Welcome Sign out. Dust and Water Resistant and Military-Grade Shock Resistant. 5.2" Full HD Display with Glove Mode. 16 MP Rear-Facing and 5 MP Wide-Angle Front-Facing Camera. Massive Battery Capacity with Fast Charging. Suite of Outdoor Tools and Apps. No matter who you are, with the LG X venture™, you’ll be unstoppable. With strength, style and substance, this smartphone is built to keep up with your every move.. Built for any occasion and every adventure.. Shield against accidental mishaps or extreme elements.. See your world in striking detail, pixel-by-pixel.. Track your health, find a trail, and stay motivated—do it all in one touch.. Conquer your busiest day with impressive, long-lasting power.. Take an extraordinary camera along for the ride to shoot breathtaking shots.. Get more in your selfies—lots of smiling faces or larger backgrounds.. Qualcomm Snapdragon™ 435 1.4 GHz x 4 + 1.1 x 4 GHz Octa-Core MSM8940. 32 GB (up to 21.5 GB usable). IP68 Dust and Water Resistant, Android 7 (Nougat) Operating System, 5 MP Wide-Angle. Lens, 4G LTE Connectivity, Mobile Hotspot, Rear Key with Fingerprint Sensor. 5.2" Full HD (1920 x 1080) Display. Tested under controlled laboratory conditions with a rating of IP68 under IEC standard. 60529 (Water resistant up to 1.5 meter for 30 minutes). Do not charge the device when. wet or after having been exposed to moisture.. Passed 14 different MIL-STD 810G Tests for durability conducted by an independent. 16 MP Rear-Facing Autofocus Camera and FHD Camcorder with LED Flash and f/2.2 low-light. Hold the shutter button to take multiple shots quickly. Set HDR mode to on, off, or auto to control contrast for photos. 5 MP Wide-Angle Front-Facing Camera and FHD Camcorder with f/2.2 low-light lens. Face detection automatically takes a selfie. Take selfies with a simple hand gesture. Gesture Interval Shot* and Interval Shot**. Make a fist twice to take four selfies in sequence. Transitions between camera mode and preview mode automatically when phone is lowered. Screen illuminates around the photo preview for well-lit selfies. Capture smooth, clear videos on the move. Take still shots while recording video. Trim and adjust the speed of your videos. Creates a highlight clip from a longer video for easy sharing. Pause then resume video recording for a continuous file. Capture still shots from a video playback. Pre-set filter effects to give photos a film-like look and feel. Access social platforms instantly after taking pictures and videos. Tag location information in photos and videos. Available only on rear-facing camera or camcorder. Available only on front-facing camera or camcorder. Not available with some camcorder settings.. Gain quick access to tools and apps like weather, barometer, LG Health, compass, flashlight,. Double press QuickButton to turn on and operate the screen wearing gloves. Intelligent personal voice assistant engages in two-way conversations; ask questions. Turn off all notifications except chosen ones. Decreases amount of blue light on the screen to help reduce eyestrain. Customize keyboard height and settings, with available adaptive word recognition based. Position the keyboard closer to the left or right edge for easy one-handed access. Open apps quickly with the volume keys when screen is locked or off. Multilanguage Support for Phone and Keyboard Input. Take notes with ability to choose paper style, pen size and color, add text with a. Interface with a simplified layout and larger font size. Create a collection of copied and pasted items from which you can save or send. Write or draw on nearly any screen and save to QuickMemo+ or Gallery. Restrict apps in background to save power. Tap a 6- to 10-point pattern to access the home screen. Double-tap the screen to put your phone to sleep/ wake it. Use your pattern, password, or fingerprint lock to protect Gallery files or QuickMemo+. memos; secure files from being previewed when linked to a PC**. Unique ringtone created for each caller based on phone numbers. Gain access to your phone via fingerprint sensor, make mobile payments, and secure. This device and related software is not intended for use in the diagnosis of disease. or other conditions, or in the cure, mitigation, treatment or prevention of disease.. Consult a doctor before starting an exercise program.. Some owner content may still be accessible to a user who enables Content Lock. Features and capabilities may vary by carrier.. With Touch Lock, Play on Lock Screen, Video Screenshot and Resume Play Functions;. supports 3GP, 3G2, MP4, AVI, HEVC, MKV, ASF, WebM, FLV, TS, and OGM Formats. Customizable Screen Ration, Subtitles, Playback Speed, and Auto Off. Supports AAC, AAC+, AIFF, AMR, eAAC+, FLAC, MIDI, MP3, OGG, PCM, WAV, WMA, and OPUS/ADPCM. Organized by songs, albums, artists, genres, folders, and playlists. Control games by turning and tilting*. Only available on certain interactions with the touch screen.. Activate to enjoy HD Voice,*** Video Calling, Wi-Fi Calling, Advanced Messaging, and. Share a 4G LTE data connection with up to 8 compatible wireless devices**. A2DP, AVRCP, DI, GATT, GAVDP, GOEP, HDP, HFP, HID, HSP, MAP, OPP, PAN, PBAP, SPP. Connect directly to devices via Wi-Fi. Share your phone’s Internet connection with your computer. Connect to compatible musical instruments via USB****. File and Photo Transfer via MTP. A-GPS and Qualcomm Service for Enhanced Location Accuracy. AT&T’s 4G LTE Network not available everywhere. HD Voice required on both caller and receiver devices. 5.2" Full HD (1920 x 1080). Qualcomm Snapdragon™ 435 1.4 GHz x 4 + 1.1 x 4 GHz Octa-Core MSM8940. GSM 850/900/1800/1900 MHz; LTE Bands 2/4/5/12/29/30 (LTE Roaming 1/3/7/20); CA. 6.0" (H) x 3.0" (W) x 0.36" (D); Weight: 5.8 oz. 32 GB (up to 21.5 GB usable). Supports microSD card up to 2 TB**. Actual time may vary depending on network connectivity and application use. (LG TONE PLATINUM,™ LG TONE INFINIM,® LG TONE Active+,™ LG TONE Active,® LG TONE ULTRA,. H700 Black Reviews - page 2. Rated 5 out of. WHY the negative reviews?! This phone is awesome! Where do I start?! Everything about this phone is great-the design-slim & sleek, the screen size-5.5, the features-lots of pre-loaded apps & fingerprint & the responsiveness-quick! The fingerprint is awesome b/c it's quick & accurate & lets you open your phone & apps w/ it! The camera & photos are nice as well. Plus, it comes w/ an FM radio widget which I LOVE b/c it connects great & I DON'T have to stream, use an app or data! I so recommend this awesome phone!. Rated 5 out of. Very sturdy and easy to use. Bought this to replace my samsung galaxy ,and I am very happy with this decision .After five years finally got my wife to get a smart phone and do away with her flip phones. After seeing her phone could not believe I was paying more for a galaxy when this phone had just as much to offer plus seems to be a better quality for a much better price.Battery stay's charged 3 times longer then my other phone did.Sound is much better and more options for ringtones and upgrades .. Rated 2 out of. was very fast when i got it but now it is slow. I got this phone for my 14th birthday in august of 2017 and its February of 2018 and it's running slower than molasses in January. Rated 4 out of. The phone loads apps fast and gives me zero problems. I wish it would let me move the apps to my SD card or uninstall them. I am almost out of room and that's a bummer. I thought the pictures would look better than they do at 13 MP, but they are disappointing. Battery goes down way faster than it should as well. However, everything works well, so for the money I did well I suppose.. Rated 5 out of. Rated 1 out of. I was excited when i purchased this phone i even chases it down in the near counties...after 36 hours of having it the phone blacked out completely. I swapped it out because i figured it was just that one. The second one did the same thing. Once again i swapped it out thinking 3rd times a charm but it was like a 3 time disappointment.... Rated 5 out of. This was a replacement via insurance. I've had it for a few days and I really like this phone. Battery last a lot longer, screen is nice, and I also look forward to using the Essentials.. Rated 5 out of. i like the features a lot very nice for the price. LG TONE PRO® Bluetooth® Wireless Stereo Headset. LG TONE ULTRA® Premium Bluetooth® Wireless Stereo Headset. LG TONE INFINIM® Premium Bluetooth® Wireless Stereo Headset. We're here to support you with our product. Get the most out of your ownership. Help yourself to helpful product information. Learn how to install & operate your LG product. More help with your LG product. Contact us for any support inquiries.. Chat with an LG Support Representative. Tweet @LGUSSupport for Support.. No time to chat? Send LG Support your inquiry.. FIND AN AUTHORIZED STORE NEAR YOU. Whether you're searching for basic cell phones, state-of-the-art smartphones or something in between, it's all at your fingertips. Designed for the way you live, LG cell phones give you access to the latest technology and newest features, plus all the essentials—like talk and text messaging. If you're not sure what kind of phone you need, we can even help you find the right device. Just take a look at the type of phones we offer and find the category that best matches your needs. Basic: Boasting compact, stylish designs our basic phones give you the power to talk and text with ease—and typically come with a camera to help you capture special moments. Some may even come equipped with QWERTY keyboards, music players, and access to apps. Smartphones: Featuring access to ultra-fast processors, the latest apps, high-resolution cameras, HD displays, sophisticated designs and the newest technology, smartphones make it easy to stay organized and entertained on the go. Android: Boasting intuitive Android operating systems, these LG phones give you lightning-fast connections to the information you want. Plus, with available HD displays, high-resolution cameras, innovative security features, organizational tools, and access to thousands of apps, they're perfect for anyone with an on-the-go lifestyle. Touchscreen: Available with a wide range of features, our touchscreen cell phones give you the power to do more with just a tap. And with their available high-resolution cameras, HD displays, stylish designs and innovative technology, our touchscreen mobiles make it easy to find the perfect phone for the way you live. QWERTY Keyboard: Along with many of the same great features available on our smartphones, QWERTY devices also feature slide-out keyboards for those who prefer a more tactile experience. Processors that fit your speed: For the ultimate in speed and seamless multitasking, LG offers dual-core, quad-core , hexa-core and octa-core devices that give you fast access to your favorite apps and programs, and a host of state-of-the-art features. For added style and functionality, you can personalize your LG cell phone with the latest accessories. From cases and covers to headphones and chargers, our innovative collection makes it easy to get more from your go-to mobile device. Browse our newest cell phone accessories and upgrade your phone your way.. Design, features and specifications subject to change without notice. Some features in videos may not be available on all models. Please refer to the TECHNICAL SPECIFICATIONS tab for a complete list of features by model. *Prices, promotions and availability may vary by store and online. Prices subject to change without notice. Check with your local retailers for final price and availability.. LG SIGNATURE LG SIGNATURE Brand Story LG SIGNATURE Products Products OLED TVs Refrigerators Washers Dryers Air Purifiers Ranges Dishwashers Cell Phones All Phones AT&T Phones Sprint Phones T-Mobile Phones Verizon Phones US Cellular Phones Unlocked Phones Boost Mobile Phones Cricket Phones Metro PCS Phones TracFone Phones Virgin Mobile Phones Xfinity Phones Smartphones Android Phones 4G LTE Phones Quad-core Phones Budget Phones Basic Phones Prepaid / No Contract Phones G Series Phones K Series Phones Stylo Series Phones V Series Phones X Series Phones Touch Screen Smart Watches Tablets Enterprise Mobile Solutions Bluetooth Headsets & Headphones All Bluetooth Headsets & Headphones Shop LG Bluetooth Headsets & Headphones Discover LG TONE Headsets & Headphones Mobile Accessories All Mobile Accessories LG Wireless Keyboards Shop LG Wireless Keyboards LG Cell Phone Batteries Shop Cell Phone Batteries LG Cell Phone Cradles & Chargers Shop LG Cell Phone Cradles & Chargers LG Cell Phones Covers & Cases TVs All TVs OLED TVs HDR TVs SUPER UHD TVs 4K Ultra HD TVs LED TVs 3D TVs Smart TVs Curved TVs 22 Inch to 29 Inch Class TVs 32 Inch to 39 Inch Class TVs 40 Inch to 43 Inch Class TVs 47 Inch to 49 Inch Class TVs 50 Inch to 55 Inch Class TVs 60 Inch to 65 Inch Class TVs 70 Inch to 79 Inch Class TVs 84 Inch to 105 Inch Class TVs Home Audio All Home Audio Sound Bars Shelf Stereo & Loud Speaker Systems Bluetooth & Wireless Speakers Dolby Atmos Home Theater Smart Speakers Speakers with Meridian Audio Home Video Blu-ray & DVD Players Projectors Home Security TV Audio Video Accessories Remotes TV Wall Mounts 3D Glasses Discover LG Matte Black Refrigerators All Refrigerators Door-in-Door® French Door Side-by-Side Bottom Freezer Top Freezer Counter-Depth Kimchi/Specialty Foods Cooking Appliances All Cooking Appliances Ranges & Ovens Electric Ranges Gas Ranges Wall Ovens Single Wall Ovens Double Wall Ovens Cooktops Gas Cooktops Radiant (Electric) Cooktops Microwave Ovens Countertop Microwave Over The Range Microwave Hoods Dishwashers Top Control Dishwashers Front Control Dishwashers LG Studio Kitchen Accessories Refrigerator Filters All Kitchen Accessories Replacement Oven Knobs Washers All Washers Front Load Washers TWIN Load Washers LG SideKick™ Pedestal Washers Top Load Washers Washer Dryer Combos Dryers Gas Dryers Electric Dryers Steam Clothing Care System LG Styler Laundry Accessories Laundry Pedestals Dryer Racks Laundry Hoses Dryer Lint Filters Washer Dryer Stacking Kits Air Conditioners Portable Air Conditioners Window Air Conditioners Wall Air Conditioners Casement Air Conditioners Air Care Solutions Air Purifiers Dehumidifiers Vacuum Cleaners Robot Vacuum Cleaners Stick Vacuums LED Lights Home Appliance Accessories Air Conditioner Accessories Consumer Monitors All Monitors Gaming Monitors 4K / 5K Monitors 21:9 UltraWide® Monitors UltraFine™ Monitors IPS Monitors LED Monitors Commercial Monitors Desktop Monitors 21:9 UltraWide Monitors Medical Monitors Zero Client 4K UHD UltraFine™ Monitors Laptops Burners & Drives All Burners & Drives Blu-ray Burners and Drives DVD Burners and Drives Computer Accessories Promotions Discover LG Promotions Rebates SUPPORT Register a Product Software & Drivers Manuals & Documents Help Library Video Tutorials Additional Support MyLG Account Parts & Accessories Document Upload Announcements LG Refrigerator Energy Offer LG Recycling Program Works with Voice Assistant Repair Services Request a Repair Track Repair Locate Repair Provider LG Direct Service LG Authorized Service Center Contact Us Chat & Email Telephone Twitter Support Ask the Community Facebook Support Business Support Business Support Home Request RA Request SWAP Track RA or SWAP Status Business Warranty Enhanced Service Plan Five-Star Service Top Searches LG Bridge LG PC Suite Smart Share Mobile Support TV Support ABOUT LG Press Release Media Contacts Career Opportunities Newsletter Signup PUBLIC NOTICES General Mobile TV/Audio/Video Appliances Computer Products Compliance Information. For Business Site Map Privacy Legal Patent Terms & Conditions Accessibility Help. 
How to Block a Number on Any Phone. How to Build Your Smart Home. How to Create an Anonymous Email Account. How to Save Money on Your Cell Phone Plan. How to Set Up Two-Factor Authentication. How to Set Up and Configure Your Wireless Router. Tips Every Amazon Addict Should Know. Hard Drives, Storage, Networking & Backup. Back Antivirus, Safety & Security. Back Browsers & Operating Systems. Best HR Software & Management Systems. Best Self-Service Business Intelligence (BI) Tools. Best Social Media Management & Analytics Tools. Back Cameras & Photo/Video Editing. Best Video Editing Software for Enthusiasts. Best Samsung Galaxy S8 and S8+ Cases. Best Samsung Galaxy Note 8 Cases. Best MacBook Air Cases and Sleeves. Back Smart Home & Wearables. Back Hard Drives, Storage, Networking & Backup. Back Keyboards, Mice, Monitors & Speakers. Back Shows, Events & Holiday. Back TVs & Streaming Media. Best Managed WordPress Web Hosting Services. Best Small Business Web Hosting Services. The LG X Venture is a slim and lightweight rugged phone for AT&T with excellent battery life and solid overall performance for a relatively affordable price. Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. blog comments powered by Disqus. PCMag reviews products independently , but we may earn affiliate commissions from buying links on this page.. Dual-band Wi-Fi, NFC, expandable storage, and fingerprint sensor. Heavy UI layer and significant bloatware.. The LG X Venture is a slim and lightweight rugged phone for AT&T with excellent battery life and solid overall performance for a relatively affordable price.. Rugged phones are often pricier, bulkier, and lacking in the specs department compared with their more fragile counterparts. The LG X Venture on AT&T is different. It's a rugged Android phone with a slim, light build, and a relatively affordable $329.99 price tag. It's not quite as feature-packed as the Kyocera DuraForce Pro , which remains our Editors' Choice, but it's a solid alternative if you're looking to save $100 or want something more pocket-friendly.. You won't mistake the X Venture for a Galaxy S8. It has a black or brown textured rubber back panel, a strip of metal on either side, and physical navigation buttons. Measuring 6.0 by 3.0 by 0.4 inches (HWD) and 5.8 ounces, the X Venture is significantly thinner and lighter than the DuraForce Pro (5.8 by 2.9 by 0.5 inches, 8.1 ounces). It doesn't feel quite as sturdy, but it's easier to use with one hand and won't weigh down your pocket.. There's a power button on the right, while the left has a volume rocker and a SIM/microSD card slot that worked fine with a 256GB card. There's also a Quick Button above. By default, a single press launches Outdoor Essentials, an app that gives you access to tools like a barometer, digital compass, flashlight, activity tracker, and LG Health. A double press enables Glove mode, increasing screen sensitivity so you can use it while wearing gloves, while pressing and holding the button opens the Settings menu. It's fully programmable, so you can have all three of the gestures launch a different app of your choice. The bottom of the phone has a 3.5mm headphone jack and a micro USB charging port.. The phone is rated IP68 for water and dust resistance, meaning it can withstand being submerged in up to five feet of water for 30 minutes. We had no problem keeping it fully immersed for that period of time. It also withstood several drops against the hard, rubberized floor in PCMag's test lab, though we didn't drop it on concrete, since, unlike the DuraForce Pro, the screen is only Gorilla Glass instead of shatter-resistant sapphire.. Front and center is a crisp 5.2-inch, 1,920-by-1,080 IPS LCD panel. The resolution works out to 423 pixels per inch. It's sharp for the size, coming close in pixel density to the 5-inch DuraForce Pro (441pp) and better than the 4.7-inch Cat S60 (312ppi). Screen brightness is excellent, and you should have no trouble seeing it outdoors when set to maximum. Physical navigation buttons are located below the display. The home button doubles as a fairly responsive fingerprint sensor.. The X Venture is exclusive to AT&T and supports GSM (850/900/1800/1900MHz), UMTS (850/900/1800/1900MHz), and LTE bands (1/2/3/4/5/7/12/20/29/30). It showed solid network connectivity in midtown Manhattan, registering 9.5Mbps down and 8.8Mbps up. This is in line with other AT&T phones we've tested in the area and our findings in the Fastest Mobile Networks 2017 .. Additional connectivity features include Bluetooth 4.1 and dual-band Wi-Fi (2.4GHz and 5GHz). There's also NFC, which is rare to find at this price.. Transmissions are clear, without any garbling. Voices can sound a bit harsh, but the combination of clarity and a loud earpiece volume makes the X Venture easy to hear in a noisy environment. Noise cancellation effectively blots out almost all background noise and minimizes wind. The one slight letdown is the back-facing speaker. It's reasonably loud, but easy to accidentally muffle. The phone also supports HD Voice and Wi-Fi calling.. The X Venture has a Qualcomm Snapdragon 435 processor clocked at 1.4GHz. It scored 43,639 on AnTuTu, which measures overall system performance, coming close to the Snapdragon 617-powered Cat S60 (45,466) and DuraForce Pro (46,540). It's no competition for the Snapdragon 820-powered Samsung Galaxy S7 Active (123,933) , but it only costs half the price.. The phone has 2GB of RAM, so it can do a decent amount of multitasking. That said, you'll still encounter the occasional stutter when launching new apps or switching between ones running in the background. It also crashed repeatedly when trying to run high-end games like GTA: San Andreas, but didn't have trouble with less-demanding titles.. See How We Test Cell Phones. The X Venture clocked 7 hours, 36 minutes in our rundown test, in which we set screen brightness to maximum and stream full-screen video over LTE, significantly outlasting the DuraForce Pro (5 hours, 39 minutes) and Cat S60 (5 hours). It's still several hours shy of the Galaxy S7 Active, however, which achieved the longest runtime we've tested on a rugged device (10 hours, 30 minutes). Android's default Battery Saver can help save you some juice, but the battery is sealed in, so you can't swap it out for a new cell.. The X Venture's 16-megapixel rear sensor takes decent pictures in good light, but poor shots in any other conditions. Outdoors you'll get a nice level of color reproduction, with responsive autofocus and autoexposure, but fine details just aren't there. Objects like the branches of trees, railings of balconies, and bricks of buildings are all noisy. In low light image quality degrades further, and pictures are grainy and out of focus. The camera records 1080p video at 30fps. It can be jerky when panning around and there's a notable lack of stabilization, but otherwise footage is fairly clear. The 5-megapixel front-facing camera has a wide angle lens similar to the LG G6 and takes solid snaps with proper lighting.. The phone comes running Android 7.0 Nougat , putting it well ahead of most other rugged phones that usually ship with outdated software. By default the phone comes with LG's custom home screen enabled, with the app drawer removed and all your apps splashed across the screen. That's easy to change in the Settings menu, but you'll still find significant changes have been made from stock Android to the notification shade and app icons.. Heavy UI layer aside, there's also quite a lot of bloatware. You'll find 20 pre-installed apps from AT&T, LG, and others, none of which can be removed. The hefty load eats up half the storage, leaving you with 15.57GB available out of a total of 32GB. Fortunately, you do have the option of using a microSD card if you need more space.. For $330, the LG X Venture gives you a good combination of durability, performance, and size. Compared with the brick-like Sonim XP6 and Cat S60, the X Venture is a svelte device that won't weigh down your pocket, but still offers solid protection. The Galaxy S7 Active is a more powerful phone all around, but it's also a lot more expensive. The Kyocera DuraForce Pro is our Editors' Choice in this price range thanks to its superior durability and more powerful hardware, but it still costs nearly $100 more, making the X Venture an attractive alternative if you're looking to spend less.. Bottom Line: The LG X Venture is a slim and lightweight rugged phone for AT&T with excellent battery life and solid overall performance for a relatively affordable price.. Ajay Kumar is PCMag's Analyst obsessed with all things mobile. Ajay reviews phones, tablets, accessories, and just about any other gadget that can be carried around with you. In his spare time he games on the rig he built himself, collects Nintendo amiibos, and tries his hand at publishing a novel. Hands On: Alcatel Series 5, 3, 1 Phones, 1T Tablets, Linkzone Hotspots. Skyroam Tips $99 4G Roaming Subscription Service. PCMag reviews products independently , but we may earn affiliate commissions from buying links on this page.. Get Our Best Stories! Email Sign Up. Subscribe to What's New Now. This newsletter may contain advertising, deals, or affiliate links. Subscribing to a newsletter indicates your consent to our Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. You may unsubscribe from the newsletters at any time.. Tech on a Budget: 35 Gift Ideas Under $20. 28 Hidden iOS 11 Tips You Need to Know. 13 Must-Have Tech Gifts Under $50. 10 Games Every Nintendo Switch Player Needs. TV Shows to Watch if You Love 'Stranger Things'. How to Master iOS 11's New Control Center. How to Play DVDs in Windows 10. How to Stop Blue Light From Disturbing Your Sleep. PC, PC Magazine and PC PCMag.com are among the federally registered trademarks of Ziff Davis, LLC and may not be used by third parties without explicit permission.. We have updated our PRIVACY POLICY and encourage you to read it by clicking here .. 
CNET también está disponible en español.. LG X Venture is a rugged phone that won't bruise your wallet. The mass-market phone is dust- and water-resistant and designed for people who enjoy the great outdoors.. by May 24, 2017 11:44 AM PDT. The LG X Venture is a rugged phone that's supposed to be affordable.. LG has something for adventurers who don't want to spend a fortune on their phones .. The LG X Venture boasts a water- and dust-resistant body, and LG says it passed 14 durability tests designed for the US military. The phone also comes with a special app called Outdoor Essentials, which ties together a barometer, compass, activity counter, exercise tracker, weather reporter and flashlight in one place.. The phone has a 16-megapixel rear camera; a 5-megapixel, 120-degree wide-angle front camera; a Qualcomm 435 processor; a 5.2-inch display; 2 gigabytes of RAM and 32GB of storage, and a 4,100 mAh battery.. The company, whose flagship LG G6 ( $569.95 at Amazon.com ) debuted about a month ago, pitched the X Venture as a "mass tier" phone, but didn't give out a price, deferring to local carriers for a local announcement. It launches Friday in North America, but will be in other parts of the world in the next few weeks.. In the US, AT&T said Monday that it will be the exclusive provider of the X Venture, offering it for $11 a month over 30 months.. CNET earns fees when you click these offers.. Best Phones for 2018. See All. Samsung’s king of phones is excellent, but you'll pay a pretty penny for stylus privileges.. A radical redesign that's nearly all screen includes a new cutting-edge facial recognition.... LG just gave Samsung a run for the money.. But we're still waiting on the Siri-like AI.. The Pixel 2's superb camera makes it worth a look.. This week on CNET News. Homeland Security's tall order: A hacker-free election. 'Annihilation' director wove memory into a dream-like movie. Dogecoin: The joke cryptocurrency that was too real for its own good. Be respectful, keep it clean and stay on topic. We delete comments that violate our policy , which we encourage you to read. Discussion threads can be closed at any time at our discretion.. CNET may earn fees when you click through to a partner site.. 
How to set up your Google Home device Take better photos on your Google Pixel 2 with this trick How to enable 'Saturated' mode on your Pixel 2 and Pixel 2 XL display The first 5 things you need to do with your Pixel 2 or Pixel 2 XL Guide: How to use Google Lens How to turn off or remap Bixby Voice on your Samsung Galaxy S8. iFrogz Toxix Wireless Headphones review Huawei Mate 10 Pro review: The best smartphone you can't buy from a US Carrier Anker PowerDrive 2 Elite 24W car charger review Sbode Bluetooth speaker review: Everything but the kitchen sink iPhone 8 Plus review: An Android site's perspective BESTEK 3-outlet vertical cube power strip with USB-C review. Galaxy S9 Galaxy S8 Galaxy Note 8 Oreo Pixel 2 Google Home Chromebook Moto Z2 Force OnePlus 5T Mate 10 Pro. Display 5.2-inch (1920x1080) IPS LCD w/ Corning Gorilla Glass 4. Storage 32GB w/ microSD card slot. Rear Camera 16MP w/ autofocus, LED flash. Software Android 7.0 Nougat w/ LG UX. Connectivity Bluetooth 4.2, WiFi 802.11 a/b/g/n/ac, NFC, GPS. Sensors Ambient, proximity, accelerometer, gyro, compass, fingerprint. Measurements 154 x 75.8 x 9.3mm. LG unveiled their X line of smartphones to hit a market that the G series just couldn’t. They’re all designed with a specific use-case in mind, but they’re also significantly more affordable than LG’s flagships, and in the case of the X Venture , it offers a level of durability that this year’s G6 simply can’t match.. AT&T is the exclusive carrier of the X Venture,. continuing the trend of carrying a rugged smartphone for users that want something that’s not covered in fragile glass.. Like other rugged phones, however, there’s always a chance that you’re getting a subpar experience for the reinforced design, so we’re going to dig into the LG X Venture to see how it holds up.. The LG X Venture scraps traditional slim and sleek smartphone design for something that looks like a cross between a brick and a tank. It’s durable, kind of heavy, and is generally just an ugly phone. With that being said, if you’re buying the X Venture, that’s probably not going to be a deal breaker.. The back of the device is reminiscent of the LG V10 , which used a textured grip to add protection and make the device easier to hold. That’s a stark contrast from the glass and metal backs that most other phones use, but it pays off for the X Venture.. The edges are rounded off, but both sides of the device are reinforced with a metal bumper explicitly to help with drops and spills. It’s not sexy, but it does give the phone a certain utilitarian charm.. On the bottom of the device you’ll find a micro-USB charging port and headphone jack, plus a single microphone.. The left side of the device houses the volume rocker, SIM card tray, and action button that can be remapped to different functions.. The right side is where you’ll find the power button.. On the face of the phone you’ll find a physical home button in between a physical back key and physical multitasking button. The home button also doubles as the phone’s fingerprint scanner, continuing the trend of cheaper phones using biometric sensors for security.. On the rear, you’ll find the camera lens and a single LED flash.. Aside from being incredibly resistant to damage from drops, the LG X Venture is also completely waterproof (IP68 rated, which is better than your typical water resistance for flagship phones) so you don’t have to worry about rain, splashes, or even taking this thing in the pool.. The design here was very deliberately picked for function over form, but it does make for a very easy to use and easy to hold phone, even if it won’t win any beauty contests.. The LG X Venture uses a mid-range Snapdragon 400 series CPU, with 4 cores clocked at 1.4GHz and 4 low-energy cores clocked at 1.1GHz. Like most of Qualcomm’s non-flagship processors, you miss out on extremely high-end performance but get some pretty nice battery efficiency and a lower price tag out of it.. Swiping through the phone and browsing the web are decent experiences, although not perfect. Basic tasks aren’t a problem for the X Venture, but quickly jumping around between apps for productivity purposes can gum things up. It’s not unbearable, but it’s also not pleasant.. Gaming performance is also pretty middle of the road, so you won’t have to worry about the phone being unable to play anything. You might see some slowdown when things get graphically intensive, but otherwise everything else is very acceptable.. The full HD screen of the X Venture is serviceable, especially since AT&T is pushing it as a media friendly device with DirecTV built in. On the display part, they aren’t wrong, but the device suffers quite a bit in the audio department. It’s not a deal breaker but when you’re talking about media consumption, poor speakers can affect the experience.. The speakers sound extremely thin and tinny while watching videos, and there’s pretty much no low end while listening to music. They’ll get the job done, but if you’re serious about using this for all of your video and music needs you’re going to want to invest in some (probably waterproof) headphones to go along with it.. There are some compromises made in the performance department with the X Venture, but that pays dividends in battery life. The Snapdragon 435 is extremely efficient with power consumption, even if it’s not going to win a benchmark race with some higher end chips, and that means you’re never going to have to worry about charging this thing up while you’re out exploring.. It’s powered by a massive 4,100mAh battery to boot, and combining that efficient processor and a huge battery capacity makes for battery life that you’re just not going to find in other high end phones. I had no issue squeezing a full day of usage out of the phone with juice to spare for a second day, and I’m a pretty heavy user. I could easily see someone making it onto a third day on a single charge if they’re careful with their usage and manage battery saving modes appropriately.. Love it or hate it, LG’s typical software customizations are here to stay. I’m not a huge fan, but the phone at least offers a ton of customization options to make it palatable to just about anyone if they tweak things to their liking. In this case you’ll get Android 7.0 overlaid with LG’s latest skin and features that should be familiar to anyone who’s used a recent LG device. It’s scaled back from a few years ago, but it’s still going to be a shock from anyone coming from vanilla Android.. It does use some drastic changes by default, however, like the complete removal of an app drawer, but you. bring the app drawer back in the stock launcher by digging into settings, or you can always grab a third-party launcher from the Play Store and skip all of that entirely.. My biggest gripe with LG’s skin is the goofy nature of the colors and icons they like to use. The pastels and blocky icons with inconsistent masking are a step back from some of the slick designs that Google has been pushing with Android as a whole, although using the apps themselves has gotten much better. They all stick to Material Design pretty well and utilize Google’s best practices, like floating action buttons and swiping panels.. Speaking of, you’ll find LG versions of pretty much all mainstay apps on the X Venture, including text messages, phone and contacts, notes, clock, music, and others. These all reside beside Google’s Play version of apps and AT&T’s preloaded junk, which includes three DirecTV apps, plenty of AT&T specific apps, Firefox (??), Lookout, Uber, and the YellowPages app. Mostly typical stuff if you’ve used any recent AT&T device.. LG did include a set of useful apps and services to tie into the X Venture’s rugged nature called “Outdoor Essentials,” and that pretty much does what it sounds like.. The app opens up into a set of tools you’d find useful if you were, say, camping. A barometer will read your elevation, there’s a calibrated compass for navigation, a widget for weather conditions and a shortcut for toggling your flashlight on and off. Since this is an LG app, it also ties into LG Health and shows your current activity including miles walked and calories burned, and offers a shortcut to tracking an exercise in the Health app.. Be default, this app is hotkeyed to the action button on the left side of the device. Tapping that will automatically bring up this menu, and even though that button can be changed to fit whatever you want, I think it’s an incredibly slick coordination of design, hardware, and software.. The X Venture managed to surprise me a couple times with the quality of shots its camera took, but overall it ends up shooting much like you’d expect a $300 phone. That’s not necessarily a bad thing, especially since it can nail outdoor shots in bright lighting, which is where LG anticipates potential buyers will be spending their time.. Outdoor shots are typically never a struggle for smartphone cameras, and although the X Venture isn’t really an exception, it does showcase just how warm and saturated colors tend to look. It’s not necessarily a good or bad thing, but it does help images look more visually appealing, even if they aren’t particularly accurate. You’re probably not using a $300 smartphone to take perfectly accurate photos anyway, so this is a nice way to give some extra pop to a middle-of-the-road shooter.. Indoor shots seem to get even warmer, making my dog a very bright orange. It’s oversaturated, but it does pop, and for some people that’s going to be a worthwhile tradeoff.. Indoor and low light shots are actually pretty impressive, too. They could stand to be a bit more crisp, but they’ll do in a pinch.. With even less light, the images still turn out pretty decently.. Unfortunately, the X Venture doesn’t have all of LG’s crazy camera features for fine tuning your shots, but there are always separate camera apps and photo editors if you really want to use this thing for mobile photography.. The LG X Venture isn’t a phone for everyone, but it’s also not supposed to be. If you positively need the latest and greatest, this phone likely won’t even be on your radar, but if you’re looking for something that’s well-rounded and doesn’t cost an arm and a leg, you might have a winner.. The rugged design is a big plus for anyone that spends time outdoors, but it can also appeal to someone that frequently drops their phones or even a kid who doesn’t need an easily-breakable flagship device. The performance and battery life are good enough, with its only drawback being the below-average screen and awful speakers. That’s going to alienate some media-heavy users, but you have to make trade-offs somewhere.. For what it is, the LG X Venture delivers a cohesive package of design, hardware, and software integration, and I’d argue that it does a better job on that front than even LG’s higher-end G6 did this past year. It won’t get as much attention as the G6, but it certainly shows that LG knows how to put together a phone.. It’s also only $329, or $11 per month, which puts it in a much more attractive space to try and compete with other devices on AT&T shelves. If that’s your budget and you want something that cares more about functionality than a flashy design, give the X Venture a hard look.. Buy it now: AT&T. About the Author: Jared Peters. Born in southern Alabama, Jared spends his working time selling phones and his spare time writing about them. The Android enthusiasm started with the original Motorola Droid, but the tech enthusiasm currently covers just about everything. He likes PC gaming, Lenovo's Moto Z line, and a good productivity app.. 35,462 Follow 245,017 Follow 11,414 Follow 19,404 Follow 36,302. Get the app on the Play Store.. Best cases for the OnePlus 5T Best cases for the Moto X4 Best 5 mounts for the Google Home Mini Best cases for the Honor View 10 Best Chargers For Your Android Phones and Tablets [2018] Best Battery Banks and Portable Chargers [2018]. Best arcade games Best apps for Daydream VR Best augmented reality apps Best apps for educators Best apps for artists Best network troubleshooting apps. How to set up your Google Home device Take better photos on your Google Pixel 2 with this trick How to enable 'Saturated' mode on your Pixel 2 and Pixel 2 XL display The first 5 things you need to do with your Pixel 2 or Pixel 2 XL Guide: How to use Google Lens How to turn off or remap Bixby Voice on your Samsung Galaxy S8. iFrogz Toxix Wireless Headphones review Huawei Mate 10 Pro review: The best smartphone you can't buy from a US Carrier Anker PowerDrive 2 Elite 24W car charger review Sbode Bluetooth speaker review: Everything but the kitchen sink iPhone 8 Plus review: An Android site's perspective BESTEK 3-outlet vertical cube power strip with USB-C review. [TA Deals] Save over 90% on a VPN Secure... Feb 20, 2018 Swype, the original swiping keyboard, is... Feb 20, 2018 Latest Samsung Galaxy S9 leak reveals sp... Feb 19, 2018 How to add widgets to your Android home ... Feb 19, 2018 Best cases for the OnePlus 5T Feb 18, 2018 Barnes & Noble returns to hardware,... 
GSM 850 / 900 / 1800 / 1900. HSDPA 850 / 1700(AWS) / 1900 / 2100. LTE band 1(2100), 2(1900), 3(1800), 4(1700/2100), 5(850), 7(2600), 12(700), 20(800), 29(700), 30(2300). 154 x 75.8 x 9.3 mm (6.06 x 2.98 x 0.37 in). - IP68 certified - dust/water proof over 1.5 meter and 30 minutes. IPS LCD capacitive touchscreen, 16M colors. 5.2 inches, 74.9 cm 2 (~64.2% screen-to-body ratio). 1080 x 1920 pixels, 16:9 ratio (~423 ppi density). 16 MP, f/2.2, autofocus, LED flash. Geo-tagging, touch focus, face detection, HDR. - Active noise cancellation with dedicated mic. Wi-Fi 802.11 a/b/g/n/ac, dual-band, WiFi Direct, hotspot. Fingerprint (front-mounted), accelerometer, gyro, proximity, compass, barometer. SMS(threaded view), MMS, Email, Push Mail, IM. - Fast battery charging: 50% in 48 min (Quick Charge 2.0). We can not guarantee that the information on this page is 100% correct. LG X venture - user opinions and reviews. It will happen more..ive gone through 3 of these and they all have problems. It will also get really slow and buggy.. Samsung should sue LG for copying the normal design and layout of Samsung Galaxy phones!. Samsung Apple Nokia Sony LG HTC Motorola Huawei Microsoft Lenovo Xiaomi Google Acer Asus Oppo OnePlus Meizu BlackBerry Alcatel ZTE Toshiba Vodafone Energizer XOLO Lava Micromax BLU Gionee vivo LeEco Panasonic HP YU verykool Maxwest Plum. LG Q6 LG G6 Samsung Galaxy J7 Pro LG X4+ Samsung Galaxy S8 Active Samsung Galaxy S6 active. LG V30 LG G6 LG Q6 LG V20 LG G5 LG K10 (2018). 
Our new search experience requires JavaScript to be enabled. Please enable JavaScript on your browser , then try again .. All Categories Antiques Art Baby Books Business & Industrial Cameras & Photo Cell Phones & Accessories Clothing, Shoes & Accessories Coins & Paper Money Collectibles Computers/Tablets & Networking Consumer Electronics Crafts Dolls & Bears DVDs & Movies eBay Motors Entertainment Memorabilia Gift Cards & Coupons Health & Beauty Home & Garden Jewelry & Watches Music Musical Instruments & Gear Pet Supplies Pottery & Glass Real Estate Specialty Services Sporting Goods Sports Mem, Cards & Fan Shop Stamps Tickets & Experiences Toys & Hobbies Travel Video Games & Consoles Everything Else. Hi ( Sign in to bid or buy) Daily Deals Gift Cards Help & Contact Sell. Summary Recently Viewed Bids/Offers Watch List Purchase History Selling Saved Searches Saved Sellers Messages. Refine your search for lg x venture. All Listings - Current page. results for lg x venture. Save lg x venture to get e-mail alerts and updates on your eBay Feed.. Unfollow lg x venture to stop getting updates on your eBay Feed.. You'll receive email and Feed alerts when new items arrive. Afghanistan - AFG Albania - ALB Algeria - DZA American Samoa - ASM Andorra - AND Angola - AGO Anguilla - AIA Antigua and Barbuda - ATG Argentina - ARG Armenia - ARM Aruba - ABW Australia - AUS Austria - AUT Azerbaijan Republic - AZE Bahamas - BHS Bahrain - BHR Bangladesh - BGD Barbados - BRB Belarus - BLR Belgium - BEL Belize - BLZ Benin - BEN Bermuda - BMU Bhutan - BTN Bolivia - BOL Bosnia and Herzegovina - BIH Botswana - BWA Brazil - BRA British Virgin Islands - VGB Brunei Darussalam - BRN Bulgaria - BGR Burkina Faso - BFA Burma - MMR Burundi - BDI Cambodia - KHM Cameroon - CMR Canada - CAN Cape Verde Islands - CPV Cayman Islands - CYM Central African Republic - CAF Chad - TCD Chile - CHL China - CHN Colombia - COL Comoros - COM Congo, Democratic Republic of the - COD Congo, Republic of the - COG Cook Islands - COK Costa Rica - CRI Cote d Ivoire (Ivory Coast) - CIV Croatia, Republic of - HRV Cyprus - CYP Czech Republic - CZE Denmark - DNK Djibouti - DJI Dominica - DMA Dominican Republic - DOM Ecuador - ECU Egypt - EGY El Salvador - SLV Equatorial Guinea - GNQ Eritrea - ERI Estonia - EST Ethiopia - ETH Falkland Islands (Islas Malvinas) - FLK Fiji - FJI Finland - FIN France - FRA French Guiana - GUF French Polynesia - PYF Gabon Republic - GAB Gambia - GMB Georgia - GEO Germany - DEU Ghana - GHA Gibraltar - GIB Greece - GRC Greenland - GRL Grenada - GRD Guadeloupe - GLP Guam - GUM Guatemala - GTM Guernsey - GGY Guinea - GIN Guinea-Bissau - GNB Guyana - GUY Haiti - HTI Honduras - HND Hong Kong - HKG Hungary - HUN Iceland - ISL India - IND Indonesia - IDN Ireland - IRL Israel - ISR Italy - ITA Jamaica - JAM Japan - JPN Jersey - JEY Jordan - JOR Kazakhstan - KAZ Kenya - KEN Kiribati - KIR Korea, South - KOR Kuwait - KWT Kyrgyzstan - KGZ Laos - LAO Latvia - LVA Lebanon - LBN Liechtenstein - LIE Lithuania - LTU Luxembourg - LUX Macau - MAC Macedonia - MKD Madagascar - MDG Malawi - MWI Malaysia - MYS Maldives - MDV Mali - MLI Malta - MLT Marshall Islands - MHL Martinique - MTQ Mauritania - MRT Mauritius - MUS Mayotte - MYT Mexico - MEX Micronesia - FSM Moldova - MDA Monaco - MCO Mongolia - MNG Montenegro - MNE Montserrat - MSR Morocco - MAR Mozambique - MOZ Namibia - NAM Nauru - NRU Nepal - NPL Netherlands - NLD Netherlands Antilles - ANT New Caledonia - NCL New Zealand - NZL Nicaragua - NIC Niger - NER Nigeria - NGA Niue - NIU Norway - NOR Oman - OMN Pakistan - PAK Palau - PLW Panama - PAN Papua New Guinea - PNG Paraguay - PRY Peru - PER Philippines - PHL Poland - POL Portugal - PRT Puerto Rico - PRI Qatar - QAT Reunion - REU Romania - ROU Russian Federation - RUS Rwanda - RWA Saint Helena - SHN Saint Kitts-Nevis - KNA Saint Lucia - LCA Saint Pierre and Miquelon - SPM Saint Vincent and the Grenadines - VCT San Marino - SMR Saudi Arabia - SAU Senegal - SEN Serbia - SRB Seychelles - SYC Sierra Leone - SLE Singapore - SGP Slovakia - SVK Slovenia - SVN Solomon Islands - SLB Somalia - SOM South Africa - ZAF Spain - ESP Sri Lanka - LKA Suriname - SUR Swaziland - SWZ Sweden - SWE Switzerland - CHE Taiwan - TWN Tajikistan - TJK Tanzania - TZA Thailand - THA Togo - TGO Tonga - TON Trinidad and Tobago - TTO Tunisia - TUN Turkey - TUR Turkmenistan - TKM Turks and Caicos Islands - TCA Tuvalu - TUV Uganda - UGA Ukraine - UKR United Arab Emirates - ARE United Kingdom - UK United States - USA Uruguay - URU Uzbekistan - UZB Vanuatu - VUT Vatican City State - VAT Venezuela - VEN Vietnam - VNM Virgin Islands (U.S) - VIR Wallis and Futuna - WLF Western Sahara - ESH Western Samoa - WSM Yemen - YEM Zambia - ZMB Zimbabwe - ZWE. LG X Venture H700 AT&T Check IMEI C. LG X Venture US701 - New condition in box oem original gsm unlocked global clean. LG X Venture AT&T GSM Unlocked Black 32GB BRAND NEW CLEAN IMEI. For LG X Venture H700 / LG V9 Shockproof Hybrid Hard Slim Armor Phone Case Cover. BELT CLIP NYLON PHONE POUCH HOLSTER CARRYING CASE FOR LG V20, X Venture Nokia 6. LG X Venture H700 Big Screen 5.2" (AT&T -T-Mobile)Blac k Unlocked 32GB Smartphone. LG X Venture H700 Big Screen 5.2" (AT&T -T-Mobile)Brow n Unlocked 32GB Smartphone. Mint LG X Venture Smartphone 5.2" screen AT&T & GSM Unlocked 32GB Black. LG X Venture AT&T GSM Black BRAND NEW. LG X venture| AT&T H700 Black Android Unlocked 7/10. LG X Venture US701 Unknown Carrier Check IMEI B. LG X Venture H700 AT&T Check IMEI C. LG X Venture GSM Unlocked 32GB Android Smartphone. OEM LCD Digitizer Screen Display w/ Frame - LG X Venture H700-SAME DAY SHIP CA. LG X Venture US701 - used in box oem original gsm unlocked global clean. LG X Venture Bolt Case W/Stand - Black/Black Guard Shield. LG X Venture Bolt Case W/Stand - Orange/Black Guard Shield. LG X Venture H700 AT&T Check IMEI A. LG X Venture Bolt Case W/Stand - Gray/Black Guard Shield. LG X Venture Bolt Case W/Stand - Desert Tan/Camo Green Guard Shield. Mainboard Logic Motherboard 32GB LG X Venture H700-SAME DAY SHIPPING FROM CA. For LG X Calibur | LG X Venture | LG V9 (2017) Dual Bumper Case Kickstand Stars. Hybrid Rugged Dual Bumper Phone Case Cover for LG X Venture /X Calibur /V9 /H700. LG X Venture Bolt Case W/Stand - Red/Black Guard Shield. LG X Venture Bolt Case W/Stand - Black/Red Guard Shield. LG X Venture Bolt Case W/Stand - Blue/Black Guard Shield. OEM LG X venture H700 Screws Screw Set-SAME DAY SHIPPING FROM CA. NEW! LG-H700 AT&T 5.2" 1080p Android 7.0 LG Venture X - please read! UNLOCKED!. LG X Venture For AT&T, Color Black 32GB CLEAN IMEI Excellent Condition. LG X Venture GSM Unlocked Smartphone 5.2" screen AT&T + GSM Unlocked 32GB Black. LG X Venture GSM Unlocked Smartphone 5.2" screen AT&T & GSM Unlocked 32GB Black. Lg X Venture 32GB AT&T Unlocked Lg-H700 needs repair. LG X Venture Works For AT&TAnd t-mobile Color Black 32GB CLEAN IMEI GSM Unlocked. LG X Venture - 32gb - H700 (AT&T) Smartphone. LG X Venture Smartphone 5.2" screen AT&T & GSM Unlocked 32GB Black 9.5/10. OEM Front Selfie Camera Flex LG X Venture H700-SAME DAY SHIPPING CA. OEM Card Slot Tray SIM MicroSD LG X Venture H700-SAME DAY SHIPPING FROM CA. OEM Mid Frame Loud Speaker Bottom LG X Venture H700-SAME DAY SHIPPING CA. OEM Earpiece Ear Speaker LG X Venture H700-SAME DAY SHIPPING FROM CA. OEM Rear Camera Main Flex LG X Venture H700-SAME DAY SHIPPING FROM CA. BELT CLIP VERTICAL WALLET CARD STASH POUCH CASE FOR LG V20, X Venture Nokia 6. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Ships From USA / Fast Shipping / Factory Unlocked. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. eBay determines this price through a machine learned model of the product's sale prices within the last 90 days.. eBay determines trending price through a machine learned model of the product’s sale prices within the last 90 days. "New" refers to a brand-new, unused, unopened, undamaged item, and "Used" refers to an item that has been used previously.. Top Rated Plus Sellers with highest buyer ratings Returns, money back Ships in a business day with tracking Learn More. Top Rated Plus Sellers with highest buyer ratings Returns, money back Ships in a business day with tracking Learn More. $ Enter minimum price to $ Enter maximum price. Please enter a minimum and/or maximum price before continuing.. Site Map Copyright © 1995-2018 eBay Inc. Accessibility , User Agreement , Privacy , Cookies and AdChoice Norton Secured - powered by Verisign. Number of bids and bid amounts may be slightly out of date. See each listing for international shipping options and costs.. 
To properly experience our LG.com website,. you will need to use an alternate browser or upgrade to a newer version of internet Explorer (IE9 or greater).. Right click at the top of your browser and make sure the “Menu Bar” option is selected. Select “Tools” from the menu bar and then select “Compatibility View settings”. In the pop-up menu uncheck all three boxes and click “Close”. Your browser window will automatically refresh and you’ll be ready to go. The LG.com website utilizes responsive design to provide convenient experience that conforms to your devices screen size. In order to get the best possible experience our LG.COM website please follow below instructions.. If you’re using Internet Explorer 8 or earlier, you will need to use an alternate browser such as Firefox or Chrome or upgrade to a newer version of internet Explorer (IE9 or greater) .. If you’re using Internet Explorer 9 and higher, turn off your Internet Explorer browser’s “Compatibility View settings” by following steps below:. LG SIGNATURE Products Support. Products OLED TVs Refrigerators Washers Dryers Air Purifiers Ranges Dishwashers. Mobile TV/Audio/Video Appliances Computers. Cell Phones Discover the LG V30 Discover the LG G6 All Phones AT&T Phones Sprint Phones T-Mobile Phones Verizon Phones US Cellular Phones Unlocked Phones. Bluetooth Headsets & Headphones All Bluetooth Headsets & Headphones Shop Headsets & Headphones Accessories Discover LG TONE Headsets & Headphones. Mobile Accessories All Mobile Accessories Wireless Keyboards Cell Phone Batteries Cell Phone Cradles & Chargers Cell Phones Covers & Cases. The Big Screen that Fits in Your Hand. TVs All TVs OLED TVs SUPER UHD TVs 4K Ultra HD TVs LED TVs. Home Audio All Home Audio Sound Bars Shelf Stereo & Loud Speaker Systems Bluetooth & Wireless Speakers Dolby Atmos Home Theater Smart Speakers Speakers with Meridian Audio. Home Video Blu-ray & DVD Players Projectors. TV Audio Video Accessories Remotes TV Wall Mounts 3D Glasses. Refrigerators Discover LG InstaView™ Door-in-Door® All Refrigerators Door-in-Door® LG InstaView™ Door-in-Door® French Door Side-by-Side Bottom Freezer Top Freezer Counter-Depth Kimchi/Specialty Foods. Cooking Appliances All Cooking Appliances Discover NeoChef™ Microwaves Ranges & Ovens Wall Ovens Cooktops Microwave Ovens Hoods. Dishwashers Discover QuadWash™ Top Control Dishwashers Front Control Dishwashers. Kitchen Accessories Refrigerator Filters All Kitchen Accessories Replacement Oven Knobs. Washers All Washers Discover LG SideKick™ Front Load Washers TWIN Load Washers LG SideKick™ Pedestal Washers Top Load Washers. Dryers Gas Dryers Electric Dryers. Steam Clothing Care System LG Styler. Air Care Solutions Air Purifiers Dehumidifiers. Vacuum Cleaners Robot Vacuum Cleaners Stick Vacuums. Knock Twice and See What's Inside. For Small Loads That Are a Big Deal. Consumer Monitors All Monitors Gaming Monitors 4K / 5K Monitors 21:9 UltraWide® Monitors UltraFine™ Monitors IPS Monitors LED Monitors. Commercial Monitors Desktop Monitors 21:9 UltraWide Monitors Medical Monitors Zero Client 4K UHD UltraFine™ Monitors. Burners & Drives All Burners & Drives Blu-ray Burners and Drives DVD Burners and Drives. Additional Support MyLG Account Parts & Accessories Document Upload Announcements Works with Voice Assistant. Repair Services Request a Repair Track Repair Locate Repair Provider LG Direct Service LG Authorized Service Center. Contact Us Chat & Email Telephone Twitter Support Ask the Community Facebook Support. Business Support Business Support Home Request RA Request SWAP Track RA or SWAP Status Business Warranty Enhanced Service Plan Five-Star Service. Top Searches LG Bridge LG PC Suite Smart Share Mobile Support TV Support. Discover Our Newest Collection of TV, Appliance and Mobile Accessories. Extend your protection for years to come with the additional peace of mind of LG Premium Care.. Step-by-Step Guide by Device and Cable Connector.. Search Search. Welcome Sign out. Dust and Water Resistant and Military-Grade Shock Resistant. 5.2" Full HD Display with Glove Mode. 16 MP Rear-Facing and 5 MP Wide-Angle Front-Facing Camera. Massive Battery Capacity with Fast Charging. Suite of Outdoor Tools and Apps. No matter who you are, with the LG X venture™, you’ll be unstoppable. With strength, style and substance, this smartphone is built to keep up with your every move.. Built for any occasion and every adventure.. Shield against accidental mishaps or extreme elements.. See your world in striking detail, pixel-by-pixel.. Track your health, find a trail, and stay motivated—do it all in one touch.. Conquer your busiest day with impressive, long-lasting power.. Take an extraordinary camera along for the ride to shoot breathtaking shots.. Get more in your selfies—lots of smiling faces or larger backgrounds.. Qualcomm Snapdragon™ 435 1.4 GHz x 4 + 1.1 x 4 GHz Octa-Core MSM8940. 32 GB (up to 21.5 GB usable). IP68 Dust and Water Resistant, Android 7 (Nougat) Operating System, 5 MP Wide-Angle. Lens, 4G LTE Connectivity, Mobile Hotspot, Rear Key with Fingerprint Sensor. 5.2" Full HD (1920 x 1080) Display. Corning® Gorilla® Glass 4 Protection. Tested under controlled laboratory conditions with a rating of IP68 under IEC standard. 60529 (Water resistant up to 1.5 meter for 30 minutes). Do not charge the device when. wet or after having been exposed to moisture.. Passed 14 different MIL-STD 810G Tests for durability conducted by an independent. 16 MP Rear-Facing Autofocus Camera and FHD Camcorder with LED Flash and f/2.2 low-light. Hold the shutter button to take multiple shots. Set HDR mode to on, off, or auto to control contrast for photos. 5 MP Wide-Angle Front-Facing Camera and FHD Camcorder with f/2.2 low-light lens. Face detection automatically takes a selfie. Take selfies with a simple hand gesture. Make a fist twice to take four selfies in sequence. Transitions between camera mode and preview mode automatically when phone is lowered. Screen illuminates around the photo preview for well-lit selfies. Capture smooth, clear videos on the move. Take still shots while recording video. Creates a highlight clip from a longer video for easy sharing. Pause then resume video recording for a continuous file. Capture still shots from a video playback. Pre-set filter effects to give photos a film-like look and feel. Access social platforms instantly after taking pictures and videos. Tag location information in photos and videos. Available only on rear-facing camera or camcorder. Available only on front-facing camera or camcorder. Not available with some camcorder settings.. Gain quick access to tools and apps like weather, barometer, LG Health, compass, flashlight,. Double press QuickButton to turn on and operate the screen wearing gloves*. Intelligent personal voice assistant engages in two-way conversations; ask questions. Swipe to explore all apps from home screen. Turn off all notifications except chosen ones. Decreases amount of blue light on the screen to help reduce eyestrain. Customize keyboard height and settings, with available adaptive word recognition based. Position the keyboard closer to the left or right edge for easy one-handed access. Open apps quickly with the volume keys when screen is locked or off. Multilanguage Support for Phone and Keyboard Input. Take notes with ability to choose paper style, pen size and color, add text with a. Interface with a simplified layout and larger font size. Create a collection of copied and pasted items from which you can save or send. Write or draw on nearly any screen and save to QuickMemo+ or Gallery. Restrict apps in background to save power. Tap a 6- to 10-point pattern to access the home screen. Double-tap the screen to put your phone to sleep/wake it. Use your pattern or password to protect Gallery files or QuickMemo+ memos***. Unique ringtone created for each caller based on phone numbers. Gain access to your phone via fingerprint sensor, make mobile payments, and secure. Glove Mode results may vary depending on type of glove material. with thin material gloves 2 mm or less.. This device and related software is not intended for use in the diagnosis of disease. or other conditions, or in the cure, mitigation, treatment or prevention of disease.. Consult a doctor before starting an exercise program.. Some owner content may still be accessible to a user who enables Content Lock. Features and capabilities may vary by carrier.. Video Player with Touch Lock, Play on Lock Screen, Video Screenshot, Live Zooming,. Supports 3GP, 3G2, MP4, AVI, HEVC, MKV, ASF, WebM, FLV, and TS formats. Customizable Screen Ratio, Subtitles, Playback Speed, and Auto Off. Supports AAC, AAC+, AIFF, AMR, eAAC+, FLAC, M4A, MIDI, MP3, OGG, PCM, WAV, WMA formats. Organized by songs, albums, artists, genres, folders, playlists, and nearby devices. Control games by turning and tilting*. Only available on certain interactions with the touch screen.. Share a 4G LTE data connection with up to 8 compatible wireless devices**. A2DP, AVRCP, DI, GATT, GAVDP, HDP, HFP, MAP, OPP, PAN, PBAP, SPP. Connect directly to devices via Wi-Fi. Share your phone’s Internet connection with your computer. Connect to compatible musical instruments via USB***. File and Photo Transfer via MTP. 4G LTE Network not available everywhere. 5.2" Full HD (1920 x 1080). Qualcomm Snapdragon™ 435 1.4 GHz x 4 + 1.1 GHz x 4 Octa-Core MSM8940. CDMA, GSM, WCDMA, LTE, LTE CA. 1.9 GHz CDMA PCS, 800 MHz CDMA DCN; GSM 850/900/1800/1900 MHz; WCDMA Bands 1/2/4/5/8;. 6.06" (H) x 2.98" (W) x 0.37" (D). Up to 30 days and 10 hours*. 32 GB (up to 21.5 GB usable). Micro-USB Charging Port Supports Qualcomm Quick Charge™ 2.0. Nearly 50% charge in up to 48 minutes. Supports microSD card up to 2 TB**. Actual time may vary depending on network connectivity and application use. (LG TONE PLATINUM,™ LG TONE INFINIM,® LG TONE Active+,™ LG TONE Active,® LG TONE ULTRA,. Rated 5 out of. What a steal of a rugged phone. Absolutely great in the time I've had it. I really am skeptical of some of the reviews on here knocking it, seems like some user error to me. (as a techie dude) I came from using an s6 previously and it performs just as well in my opinion. Better battery, and great support of simple and easy to the OS installed on Android 7.0. The launchers, phone app, and hot menu's are very good. I'm a big fan of LGs design on these. The camera is a little slower at times, and missing a few things like the ability to turn off the shutter sound but not bad. The front camera I think is super good in my opinion, and I think the selfie flash idea in the app was a great idea and something I've never seen before. (It uses a white box on the screen as a flash).. I'm hesitant to go crazy testing the "ruggedness" factors of the phone but from tests I've seen, it seems very good. None the less with my habit of playing in the mountains time will tell but I feel good about it. The only criticism I have is the camera glass lens. I'm sure they used good glass but there's no indent or bezel for the back camera so it's a potential fail point. I'd rather just take good care of it and opted for a case even though it's not 100% needed just to make it that much better. (Incipio makes a great case for cheap.). It's feature are great, I love the fast charging even though I rarely need it. I can definitely get two days out of it but I just rarely need to but it's nice to know and I'm sure that'll be a good thing to help with making the battery stretch a bit longer. The SD card is great and something I've been missing a while. (Although that is an added cost to think about.). I definitely feel like this thing is a killer bulletproof phone and even if it does die in a year or two, that's well worth it compared to the price of most phones these days. Rated 5 out of. I'm very happy with the improved battery life, both from the increased capacity and from less power drain overall. The camera and display aren't great, but for this price, I'm happy to make this compromise. I haven't noticed any issues with the lower processor specs, although I don't play any games and mostly just watch videos and web browse.. Rated 4 out of. I bought this phone to replace me failing LG 2 Vista. Rated 3 out of. Good Product BUT UNLOCKED SOFTWARE :(. I bought this model because I had enough Branding software I count that many things are more personalized and something I can set up by my self:(. I count that in nearest feautre You will improve for example maximum size of MMS now I have to use Handcent (Next SMS) not posible to set up size less than 1024KB Defaul settings I suspect.. Video Call not possible to find this option WHY ???. LG TONE Active+™ Bluetooth® Wireless Stereo Headset. LG TONE Studio™ Bluetooth® Wearable Personal Speaker Headset. LG TONE Active™ Bluetooth® Wireless Headset. We're here to support you with our product. Get the most out of your ownership. Help yourself to helpful product information. Learn how to install & operate your LG product. More help with your LG product. Contact us for any support inquiries.. Chat with an LG Support Representative. Tweet @LGUSSupport for Support.. No time to chat? Send LG Support your inquiry.. FIND AN AUTHORIZED STORE NEAR YOU. Whether you're searching for basic cell phones, state-of-the-art smartphones or something in between, it's all at your fingertips. Designed for the way you live, LG cell phones give you access to the latest technology and newest features, plus all the essentials—like talk and text messaging. If you're not sure what kind of phone you need, we can even help you find the right device. Just take a look at the type of phones we offer and find the category that best matches your needs. Basic: Boasting compact, stylish designs our basic phones give you the power to talk and text with ease—and typically come with a camera to help you capture special moments. Some may even come equipped with QWERTY keyboards, music players, and access to apps. Smartphones: Featuring access to ultra-fast processors, the latest apps, high-resolution cameras, HD displays, sophisticated designs and the newest technology, smartphones make it easy to stay organized and entertained on the go. Android: Boasting intuitive Android operating systems, these LG phones give you lightning-fast connections to the information you want. Plus, with available HD displays, high-resolution cameras, innovative security features, organizational tools, and access to thousands of apps, they're perfect for anyone with an on-the-go lifestyle. Touchscreen: Available with a wide range of features, our touchscreen cell phones give you the power to do more with just a tap. And with their available high-resolution cameras, HD displays, stylish designs and innovative technology, our touchscreen mobiles make it easy to find the perfect phone for the way you live. QWERTY Keyboard: Along with many of the same great features available on our smartphones, QWERTY devices also feature slide-out keyboards for those who prefer a more tactile experience. Processors that fit your speed: For the ultimate in speed and seamless multitasking, LG offers dual-core, quad-core , hexa-core and octa-core devices that give you fast access to your favorite apps and programs, and a host of state-of-the-art features. For added style and functionality, you can personalize your LG cell phone with the latest accessories. From cases and covers to headphones and chargers, our innovative collection makes it easy to get more from your go-to mobile device. Browse our newest cell phone accessories and upgrade your phone your way.. Design, features and specifications subject to change without notice. Some features in videos may not be available on all models. Please refer to the TECHNICAL SPECIFICATIONS tab for a complete list of features by model. *Prices, promotions and availability may vary by store and online. Prices subject to change without notice. Check with your local retailers for final price and availability.. LG SIGNATURE LG SIGNATURE Brand Story LG SIGNATURE Products Products OLED TVs Refrigerators Washers Dryers Air Purifiers Ranges Dishwashers Cell Phones All Phones AT&T Phones Sprint Phones T-Mobile Phones Verizon Phones US Cellular Phones Unlocked Phones Boost Mobile Phones Cricket Phones Metro PCS Phones TracFone Phones Virgin Mobile Phones Xfinity Phones Smartphones Android Phones 4G LTE Phones Quad-core Phones Budget Phones Basic Phones Prepaid / No Contract Phones G Series Phones K Series Phones Stylo Series Phones V Series Phones X Series Phones Touch Screen Smart Watches Tablets Enterprise Mobile Solutions Bluetooth Headsets & Headphones All Bluetooth Headsets & Headphones Shop LG Bluetooth Headsets & Headphones Discover LG TONE Headsets & Headphones Mobile Accessories All Mobile Accessories LG Wireless Keyboards Shop LG Wireless Keyboards LG Cell Phone Batteries Shop Cell Phone Batteries LG Cell Phone Cradles & Chargers Shop LG Cell Phone Cradles & Chargers LG Cell Phones Covers & Cases TVs All TVs OLED TVs HDR TVs SUPER UHD TVs 4K Ultra HD TVs LED TVs 3D TVs Smart TVs Curved TVs 22 Inch to 29 Inch Class TVs 32 Inch to 39 Inch Class TVs 40 Inch to 43 Inch Class TVs 47 Inch to 49 Inch Class TVs 50 Inch to 55 Inch Class TVs 60 Inch to 65 Inch Class TVs 70 Inch to 79 Inch Class TVs 84 Inch to 105 Inch Class TVs Home Audio All Home Audio Sound Bars Shelf Stereo & Loud Speaker Systems Bluetooth & Wireless Speakers Dolby Atmos Home Theater Smart Speakers Speakers with Meridian Audio Home Video Blu-ray & DVD Players Projectors Home Security TV Audio Video Accessories Remotes TV Wall Mounts 3D Glasses Discover LG Matte Black Refrigerators All Refrigerators Door-in-Door® French Door Side-by-Side Bottom Freezer Top Freezer Counter-Depth Kimchi/Specialty Foods Cooking Appliances All Cooking Appliances Ranges & Ovens Electric Ranges Gas Ranges Wall Ovens Single Wall Ovens Double Wall Ovens Cooktops Gas Cooktops Radiant (Electric) Cooktops Microwave Ovens Countertop Microwave Over The Range Microwave Hoods Dishwashers Top Control Dishwashers Front Control Dishwashers LG Studio Kitchen Accessories Refrigerator Filters All Kitchen Accessories Replacement Oven Knobs Washers All Washers Front Load Washers TWIN Load Washers LG SideKick™ Pedestal Washers Top Load Washers Washer Dryer Combos Dryers Gas Dryers Electric Dryers Steam Clothing Care System LG Styler Laundry Accessories Laundry Pedestals Dryer Racks Laundry Hoses Dryer Lint Filters Washer Dryer Stacking Kits Air Conditioners Portable Air Conditioners Window Air Conditioners Wall Air Conditioners Casement Air Conditioners Air Care Solutions Air Purifiers Dehumidifiers Vacuum Cleaners Robot Vacuum Cleaners Stick Vacuums LED Lights Home Appliance Accessories Air Conditioner Accessories Consumer Monitors All Monitors Gaming Monitors 4K / 5K Monitors 21:9 UltraWide® Monitors UltraFine™ Monitors IPS Monitors LED Monitors Commercial Monitors Desktop Monitors 21:9 UltraWide Monitors Medical Monitors Zero Client 4K UHD UltraFine™ Monitors Laptops Burners & Drives All Burners & Drives Blu-ray Burners and Drives DVD Burners and Drives Computer Accessories Promotions Discover LG Promotions Rebates SUPPORT Register a Product Software & Drivers Manuals & Documents Help Library Video Tutorials Additional Support MyLG Account Parts & Accessories Document Upload Announcements LG Refrigerator Energy Offer LG Recycling Program Works with Voice Assistant Repair Services Request a Repair Track Repair Locate Repair Provider LG Direct Service LG Authorized Service Center Contact Us Chat & Email Telephone Twitter Support Ask the Community Facebook Support Business Support Business Support Home Request RA Request SWAP Track RA or SWAP Status Business Warranty Enhanced Service Plan Five-Star Service Top Searches LG Bridge LG PC Suite Smart Share Mobile Support TV Support ABOUT LG Press Release Media Contacts Career Opportunities Newsletter Signup PUBLIC NOTICES General Mobile TV/Audio/Video Appliances Computer Products Compliance Information. For Business Site Map Privacy Legal Patent Terms & Conditions Accessibility Help. 
LG's budget bruiser trades snappy performance for toughness and long battery life.. Few phones at this price can take quite as hard a beating.. Few phones at this price can take quite as hard a beating.. Few phones at this price can take quite as hard a beating.. Only available on AT&T and U.S. LG adds outdoorsy features to Android 7.0 Nougat. Phone Reviews Product Reviews. Looking for a rugged phone? Options are slim if you want a low price. Phones like Caterpillar’s Cat S60. — a hulking beast of a phone that can be dropped nearly two meters or left underwater for an hour — or the Samsung Galaxy S7 Active , which doesn’t sacrifice performance for go-anywhere, do-anything versatility, cost upwards of $600. Thankfully, LG’s approach strikes a balance between specs, features, cost, and durability. In our LG X Venture review, we put the smartphone through a few trials of our own to see how it stacks up.. The X Venture is a phone for the adventurer on a budget, and so form follows function. The grippy back cover isn’t made of glass or aluminum, but it allows you to grasp the large frame without fear of the phone slipping out of your hand. The large, physical hardware navigation keys flanking the fingerprint sensor aren’t pretty, but they’re textured and easy to locate.. The orange QuickButton, which by default accesses Outdoor Essentials mini-apps like a barometer, compass, and weather, is also textured and easy-to-access. It sits above the volume rocker on the left, and it can be customized to launch other apps; you can set shortcuts for one press, a double press, or a press and hold, which is convenient.. Speaking of buttons, you won’t feel the X Venture’s bargain price point in the build quality at all. All the keys feel solid and easy to press, with a satisfying tactile click and no wiggle.. We dunked and dropped the X Venture to find out if the phone really was as sturdy as it’s claimed to be — and it passed.. But we have a few minor gripes: The soft touch material that borders the display is a lint magnet that pulls dust into the small gaps between the glass and the rest of the phone. There’s also a rear-firing speaker which, while pretty loud, will produce muffled sound anytime you set the device down.. The X Venture has an IP68 water resistance rating, meaning it can withstand submersion up to 5 feet deep for a half hour — many high-end phones such as the Samsung Galaxy S7. have the same water- and dust-resistance rating, so it’s nice to see it on a budget device. The front glass panel is made of Gorilla Glass 4, with anti-shatter, anti-scratch technology.. The smartphone goes a step further with military-grade (MIL-STD810G) dust and shock resistance. LG says the X Venture passed 14 different tests by a laboratory that conforms to U.S. military standards, which means it should fare a little better in circumstances that would distress lesser phones. That offers some peace of mind, but we wanted to know for sure. We dunked and dropped the X Venture to find out if the phone really was as sturdy as it’s claimed to be — and it passed.. A roughly five-foot fall onto concrete left our device merely scuffed. There was some metal chipped away in areas of impact, as well as some pitted, roughened plastic right where the phone struck the ground. The damage was purely cosmetic, and there was zero harm done to the screen. After submerging the phone in a bowl of water for 10 minutes, it functioned perfectly fine.. Unfortunately, to hit that lower price tag and pack in all these durability features, LG had to make some compromises in the specifications department. The X Venture is powered by Qualcomm’s Snapdragon 435 processor, alongside 2GB of RAM. While the Snapdragon 435 isn’t tremendously underpowered, devices like the more affordable Moto G5 Plus. equip the more powerful Snapdragon 625 chipset, and offers double the RAM.. Our X Venture stuttered and lagged a decent amount in day-to-day use and seemed to get easily tripped up juggling multiple tasks at the same time — like searching Google Maps while streaming Bluetooth audio, for example. It wasn’t unusual to be faced with a two-second wait anytime we opened a new app.. The benchmarks all told a similar story:. The X Venture’s 3DMark score is distant from the Moto G5 Plus’ 463, which also handily defeated LG’s offering in Geekbench (803) and AnTuTu (63,190) scores. A flagship killer, this is not.. While the X Venture didn’t like switching between apps and multitasking, swiping between home screens, typing, and scrolling were all as quick as you’d hope. Google Assistant responded to voice queries without a hitch, and even the fingerprint sensor worked reliably fast.. LG X Venture Compared To. The hardware fared much better in other areas. The X Venture features a 5.2-inch, 1080p LCD display with solid viewing angles, color reproduction, and brightness. In terms of storage, there’s only one option — 32GB — though a MicroSD slot in the SIM tray makes for easy expandability.. The X Venture comes fitted with a massive non-removable battery — 4,100mAh in size — and it simply doesn’t quit. Our unit lasted well over a day and a half following high usage — from streaming Spotify over Bluetooth, to navigating with Google Maps, to browsing Facebook, and taking photos.. You won’t have to wait too long to charge it back up, either. The X Venture supports Qualcomm’s QuickCharge 2.0 standard. Unfortunately, it works through MicroUSB rather than the newer, more versatile USB-C standard, but the upside is it’ll be compatible with any old accessories you might have lying around. We were able to recharge the drained battery to full in two hours.. The rear camera isn’t quite as impressive, though it was still a pleasant surprise. In proper lighting, the X Venture’s 16-megapixel shooter captured vibrant, balanced images with striking clarity and impressive depth-of-field. Low-light performance was predictably grainy and a little muddy by comparison, but that’s unsurprising from a phone of this price. The wide-angle 5-megapixel front camera was dependable, and well-suited for group shots.. But while the X Venture produces solid photos in daylight, the camera app gets tremendously laggy — and there’s the occasional shutter lag when you tap the capture button as well. It’s not a good experience overall.. The X Venture is a budget phone sold exclusively through AT&T and U.S. Cellular, which means you’re going to get more than your fair share of bloatware. Including the AT&T software, we identified a total of 16 apps outside the standard gamut of Google, LG, and stock Android apps that could not be uninstalled, only disabled.. Our unit lasted well over a day and a half following high usage.. Bloatware aside, with the X Venture you’re getting LG’s UX 5.0 skin on top of Android 7.0 Nougat. It’s not the same as the 6.0 skin found in the company’s G6 flagship , but it still brings a number of changes to stock Android. The most notable one is the lack of an app drawer — though that can be corrected through an option in the settings.. LG has included a number of conveniences that stock Android can’t match, like a more comprehensive set of quick toggles in the notification tray, a variety of home screen layouts and themes, and programmable shortcuts for hardware buttons. There’s also the manufacturer’s suite of apps, which includes the aforementioned Outdoor Essentials collection as well as LG Health for guided exercise routines.. Additionally, LG has packed in a Glove Mode, which can be triggered through the QuickButton out of the box. This feature does what the name suggests, allowing for use of the touch screen even if you’ve got gloves on. It worked well in our testing, receiving taps and swipes through thin wool as well as heavy polyester and fleece.. LG offers a one-year standard warranty , under which it will cover repair or replacement and labor — though you’ll have to foot the bill to send it to the company. It’s also important to note that while the X Venture is billed as water resistant and military-certified to survive adverse conditions, the warranty does not cover water damage, nor does it cover damage originating from what the company terms “abnormal use.” So if you plan on testing the phone to the limits of its durability, you’re unfortunately on your own should anything seriously go wrong.. The X Venture is available now from U.S. for $330 outright, or on contract for $11 per month for 30 months through AT&T Next. Cellular, it’s $300 or $12 per month for two and a half years.. The LG X Venture won’t wow you with its performance, design, or software, but its toughness coupled with excellent battery life redeems its flaws.. If you’re an outdoor enthusiast, or your line of work puts you in situation where your phone might get easily damaged, the X Venture is worth a look.. In the category of tough phones that won’t break the bank, there’s really just one other option: The Kyocera DuraForce Pro. The Kyocera phone is considerably bulkier, and even more of a tank than the X Venture. It also features a better Snapdragon 617 processor as well as an extra gigabyte of RAM. The downside? You’ll have to make do with Android 6.0 Marshmallow, as the DuraForce Pro doesn’t support the latest and greatest version of Google’s operating system yet. The phone is also a little pricier — $400 from Verizon, and $419 from AT&T. That’s nearly $100 more than the X Venture through the same carrier.. Otherwise, Samsung’s Galaxy S7 Active. is an easy recommendation, provided you can find it for the right price. The S7 Active has been on the market for about a year now and will likely be replaced by Samsung’s next-generation rugged flagship, meaning secondhand and refurbished models cost right around what LG is asking for a new X Venture. We loved the phone when we tested. it last year, and with its top-of-the-line Snapdragon 820 chipset, you won’t have to compromise anything for all that added durability.. If ruggedness isn’t a concern, however, there are countless other affordable devices that would likely serve your needs better. starts at $230, for example, and still outclasses the LG in terms of power and performance. That’s not even half of what’s out there — our cheap smartphone buying guide. We don’t expect this device to get a lot of software updates, and it may slow down after a year or two — considering how we’re already seeing stutters and lag.. In terms of physical longevity, though, the X Venture should fare just fine. The build quality is solid, and the combination of shock-absorbing plastics, reinforced corners, and a metal exoskeleton mean it can survive repeated falls and spills.. If you’re looking for an affordable, rugged phone that’s waterproof, the LG X Venture is a good option. It offers the most recent version of Android, and while you’ll have to deal with occasional sluggish performance as well as a slow camera, it’s tough to find an IP68-waterproof phone from a carrier that doesn’t break the bank. If your priorities are different, look elsewhere.. Add Us To Your Social Channels. Digital Trends helps readers keep tabs on the fast-paced world of tech with all the latest news, fun product reviews, insightful editorials, and one-of-a-kind sneak peeks. 
https:/ / www.phonescoop.com/ phones/ phone.php? p=5447. 1080 x 1920 pixels 424 ppi. 4100 mAh LiIon Non-removable Talk: 24 hours max. 32 GB raw hardware 22 GB available to user Expandable via memory card. 16+ megapixel LED flash, f/2.2 aperture panorama, HDR , voice trigger, timer Video: 1080p HD. 6 x 3 x 0.36 in. 152 x 76 x 9.1 mm. US Cellular Version (US701) has LTE 13/25, WCDMA 8, and CDMA, instead of LTE 29/30. Rating: M3, T3 (mostly tele-coil compatible). Supported Profiles: HSP 1.2, HFP 1.6, OPP , PBA , A2DP 1.2, AVRC 1.5, HID , PAN , SAP 1.1, MAP , HDP version 4.2. shortcut, volume on left / lock on right. Type: Capacitive works with gloves. Card Type: microSD up to 2 TB. Charge up to 50 percent within 48 minutes. approved Mar 29, 2017 ZNFUS701 ». LG X venture (AT&T) product page ». LG X venture (US Cellular) product page ». Find a mistake or omission? Submit a Correction. This rugged Android phone resists water and drops. It also sports a large battery, fast charging, 5.2-inch full-HD display, 16-megapixel camera, fingerprint reader, NFC, memory card slot, and 3.5mm audio jack.. LTE 1 / 2 / 3 / 4 / 5 / 7 / 12 / 20 / 29 / 30. WCDMA 1 / 2 / 4 / 5. GSM 850 / 900 / 1800 / 1900. IMT (Europe, Asia, Africa, Oceania, Brazil, India, Israel). IMT-E (Canada, South America, Europe, Asia). band 1 (I) / 2100 MHz. IMT (Europe, Asia, Africa, Oceania, Brazil, India, Israel). band 2 (II) / 1900 MHz. band 4 (IV) / 1700 MHz. band 5 (V) / 850 MHz. Review: LG X venture for AT&T. Subscribe to updates on this phone with RSS. Review: Speck Presidio Ultra Case for iPhone X. Speck's newest case for the Apple iPhone X, the Presidio Ultra, is a three-piece kit that includes a base case, an extra bumper, and a rugged holster. If you need hardcore protection with a little bit of flexibility throughout the day, the Presidio Ultra is an interesting entry.. Review: WeBoost Drive Sleek In-Car Signal Booster. WeBoost's Drive Sleek in-vehicle signal booster amplifies wireless signals inside your car. If you're a mobile professional or road trip fanatic and need better wireless performance when behind the wheel, the WeBoost can help.. Review: IK Multimedia iRig Pro I/O for iPhone. The iRig Pro I/O is a compact audio interface that lets musicians, singers, and podcasters connect their instruments or microphones to Apple iPhones, iPads, and Macs. It takes all the best features of the larger iRig Pro Duo and boils them down to the most essential tools in a highly portable package.. Hands On with the Samsung Galaxy S9 and S9+. Samsung's new flagship handsets, the Galaxy S9 and S9+, are here and they offer lots to be excited about. Samsung took the wining design of last year's phones and upped the ante with improvements to the chassis, cameras, and software.. Review: Coolpad Revvl Plus for T-Mobile. The Revvl Plus is an affordable Android slab that delivers an enormous screen at a reasonable price point. Stand-out features include a dual-camera system for capturing bokeh-style portraits, and a fingerprint reader for security. Here is Phone Scoop's in-depth report.. Review: Tech 21 Evo Check Case for Pixel 2 XL. Tech 21's latest accessory for the Google Pixel 2 XL is the Evo Check, a three-layer case that provides protection for drops up to three meters. We put this case to the test to see if it's worth your hard-earned dollars.. Review: Kingston DataTraveler Duo Bolt for iPhone. The Kingston DataTraveler Duo Bolt is a small thumb drive that plugs into the bottom of your iPhone and saves all your photos and videos. If you're looking for a quick way to free up space on your iOS device, the DataTraveler Duo Bolt is ideal in certain situations.. Review: ZTE Avid 4 for MetroPCS. ZTE's latest low-cost handset for MetroPCS offers entry-level specs and performance. It includes a 5-inch screen, 8-megapixel camera, and Android 7 Nougat. MetroPCS customers can score this handset for next to nothing, but there might be better options. Here is Phone Scoop's in-depth review.. Subscribe to Phone Scoop News with RSS. Subscribe to Phone Scoop on YouTube. All content Copyright 2001-2018 Phone Factor, LLC. Content on this site may not be copied or republished without formal permission.. By registering, you agree to our Terms of Use. We value your privacy and will never share your email address. 
Submit a Tip / Contact Us. Review: LG X Venture is AT&T’s new affordable, indestructible phone. Facebook Twitter Google Pinterest LinkedIn Reddit. Shiny glass designs are great, but some people want something a little less fragile. The V10 was one of my favorite designs from LG because it ignored the trends of glass and aluminum and instead used a rubberized plastic back with stainless steel rails to achieve a rugged but still premium feel.. The X Venture is LG’s latest midrange offering coming to AT&T, reviving the V10’s sturdy design and adding even more durability with a focus on outdoor living.. The X Venture looks like a blend of the LG V10 and the Samsung Galaxy S4 Active; old phones, I know, but I mean it in a good way. The back carries over the V10’s rigid rubberized plastic that feels grippy and tactile, and the metal frame keeps the phone from feeling cheap by any measure. It’s refreshing to use a phone that isn’t constantly trying to slip out of my hands.. Should you happen to drop the X Venture, it’s built to withstand drops and just about anything else you could throw at it. It passes 14 MIL-STD 810G tests, meaning it should be fine in the face of pronounced heat or cold, altitude, shock, and more, and its IP68 rating should protect it from water and dust as well. indestructible … but it’s pretty close.. The X Venture is made to adapt well to any outdoor situation, including rain or snow. There’s a glove mode built in that ups the touch sensitivity, and every control is hardware-based, including the physical navigation buttons. The Back and Recent Apps buttons have a nice grippy texture, while the home button is smooth because of the built-in fingerprint sensor — which actually works very well.. The volume and power keys have been moved from LG’s usual rear placement to a more traditional side mounting, and there’s a red button above the volume keys called the QuickButton that acts as a programmable convenience key.. It’s frustrating to see microUSB here rather than USB-C, but at least there’s still a headphone jack. Speaking of audio, the speaker on the X Venture gets surprisingly loud, but it’s very mid-heavy, and its rear placement means you’ll end up muffling it by mistake a frustrating number of times; even a bottom-firing speaker would’ve been preferable.. The 1.4 GHz Snapdragon 435 chipset and 2 GB RAM powering the X Venture are nothing exciting, and like many midrange phones it lacks wireless charging and NFC. Upfront, the 5.2” 1080p display is pretty attractive with good viewing angles and a decent range of brightness, but there’s a blueish tint in the whites that my eyes never adjusted to. Typical of LG, it’s also an LCD panel, and while the color reproduction is pretty good for the most part (aside from being a little cool-toned), I really would’ve preferred AMOLED for the more saturated aesthetic and battery savings when displaying black.. Even without AMOLED’s power sipping though, the X Venture manages outstanding battery life thanks to a 4100 mAh battery sealed inside. Thanks to having a smaller screen, lower (but still completely usable) resolution, and less power-hungry chipset than a flagship phone, I was able to squeeze out two full days of moderate usage from a full charge.. On a more demanding day of YouTube streaming, Bluetooth audio, gaming, and working in Google Docs and Slack, I still had over 20% left by midnight, and it’s quick to charge back up despite such a large capacity battery thanks to the phone’s support for Fast Charging.. Just like on the G6 and V20, LG’s software on the X Venture does a pretty good job of letting Android 7.0 Nougat shine on its own. Of course it’s not without its tweaks; there’s no app drawer by default, though you can always change that in the settings, and LG’s typical suite of apps like QuickMemo are still here.. Despite the light software, the X Venture just isn’t as snappy as I’d like. It’s quick and fluid for the most part, and even handles most games well, but the problem lies in how slow it is to open apps. I found myself staring at a loading screen far too often when opening an idle app or even just launching the Recent Apps window — a direct result of the paltry 2 GB RAM.. There’s the same excessive bloatware you’ll find on pretty much any AT&T-branded Android phone, and disappointingly few can be uninstalled, but at the very least you can hide them without needing to install a custom launcher. You’ll probably also run into LG’s new Outdoor Essentials app, which holds a number of tools for exploring and exercising, including a compass, barometer, pedometer, and more.. I like the number of shortcuts LG hides away in the X Venture, too. You can launch the camera without waking the phone by double pressing the volume key, and jot down a quick note with a double press on volume up. Since those shortcuts don’t translate well while the phone is unlocked though, the QuickButton comes into play and sets itself aside as a feature I’d love to see on every LG phone moving forward.. That little red button above the volume keys can be programmed in the settings to hold up to three different shortcuts, depending on if you press, double press, or press and hold. It’s not entirely limitless — I was disappointed to see there’s no way to call down the notification shade with it, but you can still set any. app and a few functions like toggling the flashlight.. The only annoyance I ran into with the QuickButton is how easy it is to press by mistake when trying to adjust volume. I grew so frustrated of accidentally opening Spotify (my single press shortcut) that I eventually just disabled the single press shortcut altogether. Still, I love having quick access to the camera with a long press and the flashlight with a double press.. More often than not, I was pleasantly surprised with the cameras on the X Venture. The primary sensor is 16 MP and, especially in daylight, takes some really nice-looking shots. They’re strongly oversharpened, but colors look great thanks to the fantastic auto white balance, and you can even get some pretty good depth out of the camera (though don’t expect the pronounced bokeh bubbles that a camera with a wider aperture would be capable of).. Even in low light, the camera still performs decently, though no OIS means you’ll need a steady hand or tripod if you want to avoid motion blur. It would’ve been awesome to see a second lens like the LG G6 for wide angle shots, but that likely would’ve driven up the cost considerably.. The 5 MP front camera isn’t bad either, though it’s a lot softer than the primary shooter. It features a software-based wide angle mode that works well for group selfies, though one to thing to keep in mind — third party apps like Snapchat and Instagram can only use the wide angle mode, which can take some getting used to.. Overall, the X Venture is a great deal for AT&T customers. It offers better battery life than just about anything else on AT&T’s roster, and at $330 it’s less than half as much as most flagships. NFC would’ve been great to see for Android Pay, and some will mourn the absence of wireless charging as well, but that’s par for the course with midrange phones, and aside from longer load times than I’m used to, I really didn’t miss my Galaxy S8 during my time with the X Venture.. One important thing to keep in mind is that there’s a ton of competition in the X Venture’s price range. For around the same cost, the Moto G5 Plus and OnePlus 3 are faster phones with an even lighter software experience, though the X Venture still wins out in a vitally important measure; where the other phones have to be purchased outright, you can finance the X Venture for $11 a month through AT&T. That does mean you’ll be locked into their service for 30 months, but with zero APR it’s a very solid option for AT&T customers looking for something a little more durable than the glass-back phones flooding today’s market.. Get the latest on apps, carriers, devices, and more!. Hayato is an Indianapolis-based writer and video producer for 9to5Google.. MacBook Pro 15" w/ Touch Bar. Samsung Galaxy S9: Here's what you probably missed. Sony Xperia XZ2, XZ2 Compact are redesigned flagships w.... Zolo Mojo Review: Google Home Mini gets a sound upgrade. 'Reply' creates smart replies in your notifications. blog comments powered by Disqus. 
Home Shop MWC News Reviews Features Opinions Videos The Gadgets 360 Show Cell Guru Prime Tech Smartphone Reviews Tech and Gadget Reviews How-To Videos Video Game Reviews and Features Top Lists by Gadgets 360 Unboxing and Hands-On Videos Podcasts Compare Mobiles Phone Finder DEALS. Mobiles Tablets Apps Gaming Cameras PC/Laptops AUDIO/VIDEO How To Telecom Science INDIA INTERNET SOCIAL MEDIA WEARABLES हिंदी. Acer Adcom Alcatel Apple Archos Asus BlackBerry Blu Celkon Coolpad Datawind Fly Gionee HTC Huawei iBall iBerry Idea InFocus Intex iVoomi Jivi Karbonn Lava LeEco Lenovo LG Lyf Maxx Mobile Meizu Micromax Microsoft Motorola MTS Nokia Obi Oppo Panasonic Philips Ringing Bells Samsung Sony Spice Swipe Videocon Vivo Wickedleak Xiaomi Xolo Yu Zen Ziox Zopo ZTE. Home Mobiles Phone Finder LG X venture. Share on Facebook Tweet Share Share Email Reddit. LG X venture smartphone was launched in May 2017. The phone comes with a 5.20-inch touchscreen display with a resolution of 1080 pixels by 1920 pixels at a PPI of 423 pixels per inch. The LG X venture is powered by octa-core Qualcomm Snapdragon 435 processor and it comes with 2GB of RAM. The phone packs 32GB of internal storage that can be expanded up to 2000GB via a microSD card. As far as the cameras are concerned, the LG X venture packs a 16-megapixel primary camera on the rear and a 5-megapixel front shooter for selfies. The LG X venture runs Android 7.0 and is powered by a 4100mAh non removable battery. It measures 154.00 x 75.80 x 9.29 (height x width x thickness) and weigh 166.50 grams. The LG X venture is a single SIM (GSM). Connectivity options include Wi-Fi, GPS, Bluetooth, NFC, USB OTG, FM, 3G and 4G. Sensors on the phone include Compass Magnetometer, Proximity sensor, Accelerometer, Ambient light sensor, Gyroscope and Barometer.. Release date May 2017 Form factor Touchscreen Dimensions (mm) 154.00 x 75.80 x 9.29 Weight (g) 166.50 Battery capacity (mAh) 4100 Removable battery No Colours Black, Brown. Screen size (inches) 5.20 Touchscreen Yes Resolution 1080x1920 pixels Pixels per inch (PPI) 423. Processor octa-core Processor make Qualcomm Snapdragon 435 RAM 2GB Internal storage 32GB Expandable storage Yes Expandable storage type microSD Expandable storage up to (GB) 2000. Rear camera 16-megapixel Rear Flash Dual LED Front camera 5-megapixel. Wi-Fi Yes Wi-Fi standards supported 802.11 b/g/n GPS Yes Bluetooth Yes, v 4.20 NFC Yes Infrared No USB OTG Yes Headphones 3.5mm FM Yes Number of SIMs 1 SIM 1 GSM/CDMA GSM 3G Yes 4G/ LTE Yes Supports 4G in India (Band 40) No. Compass/ Magnetometer Yes Proximity sensor Yes Accelerometer Yes Ambient light sensor Yes Gyroscope Yes Barometer Yes Temperature sensor No. Error or missing information? Please let us know. User ratings and reviews for LG X venture. 0 Out of 5. 5 Star 4 Star 3 Star 2 Star 1 Star. LG V30S+ ThinQ LG V30S ThinQ LG K8 (2018) LG K10a (2018) LG K10+ (2018) LG K10 (2018) LG X4+ LG Signature Edition LG K7i LG V30+ LG V30 LG Q8 LG Q6a LG Q6 LG Q6+ LG G6+ LG X500 LG Stylo 3 Plus LG X power2 LG X400 LG G6 LG X300 LG Stylus 3 LG K3 (2017) LG K4 (2017) LG K8 (2017) LG K10 (2017) LG U LG V34. Samsung Galaxy S8 LG X Venture vs. Htc U Ultra LG X Venture vs. Samsung Galaxy J7 LG X Venture vs. Nokia 6 LG X500 vs. LG Stylo 3 Plus Panasonic Eluga A3 vs. Nokia 5 Samsung Galaxy Wide 2 vs. LG X Venture Samsung Galaxy On Max vs. Samsung Galaxy J5 Pro vs. LG X Venture Samsung Galaxy On Max vs. Nokia 6 Huawei Honor 6a vs. Samsung Galaxy Wide 2 vs. Nokia 7 Plus Is an Android One Phone With Dual Rear Cameras, Zeiss Optics Samsung Galaxy S9, Galaxy S9+ With Improved Cameras, AR Emoji Launched Samsung Galaxy S9, Galaxy S9+ Pre-Orders Now Open in India Nokia 8110 4G Is a 'Slider' Feature Phone With Google, Facebook Apps OnePlus 5, OnePlus 5T HD Content Streaming Issue Fixed, With a Catch Redmi Note 5 Sale, Galaxy S9 Price & Specs Leak, and More News This Week Samsung Galaxy S9 a Worthy Upgrade? A Look at What's New Vodafone to Offer 4.5GB Data Per Day for 28 Days at Rs. 799: Report Nokia 8 Sirocco With Dual Cameras, Stainless Steel Frame Launched at MWC Nokia 6 (2018) Android One Phone With Snapdragon 630 Launched at MWC 2018. Samsung phones price list Lyf phones price list Micromax phones price list Sony phones price list Htc phones price list Lenovo phones price list Intex phones price list Lava phones price list Apple phones price list Nokia phones price list Xolo phones price list Lg phones price list Vivo phones price list Oppo phones price list Gionee phones price list Motorola phones price list Blackberry phones price list Xiaomi phones price list. Sitemaps Archives Advertise About Us Feedback Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions Complaint Redressal Careers Contact Us RSS Ethics LG X Venture in Hindi. © Copyright Red Pixels Ventures Limited 2018. Subject Comments. 
Samsung Yurbuds Plantronic LGGPad Disney AccessoryZaggTest iPhone6s View Current Bill Rewards AccessoryZagg Pay Bill Check Usage HolidayDeals iPhonePreOrder My Account Home Shop New Devices Accessories. What would you like to do?:. Don't have an account? Register here .. Prepaid customers can begin enjoying the convenience of managing their account online, adding funds and setting up Auto Pay.. Check out the latest iPhone models.. All the latest technology from the top brands you love.. Watch movies, read books, play games and stay connected on the go.. Flip phones and other devices that are designed with just the essentials.. Stay connected with our affordable home phone services and high-speed internet.. Get all the data you need without hidden fees on our best cell phone plan yet.. Plans with unlimited talk, text and all the data you need with no contract, no credit check and no overages.. Find the best plan with the right services to set your business up for success.. Maps & Coverage Locator ›. Make sure your device is safe and stylish with the latest cases and protectors.. Keep all of your devices powered up and ready to go with in-home and portable chargers.. Headphones, speakers, and more for all your audio needs.. Stay connected on the go with Bluetooth® speakers, headsets and hands-free driving kits.. Save even more with our latest discounts, deals and special offers.. Shop devices offered for just a penny.. Get amazing deals on all of our Certified Pre-Owned Devices.. Find great deals on the latest Accessories to compliment your Device.. Cellular® today and we'll cover your costs.. Refer a friend or family member to U.S. Cellular and earn up to $550 per year.. Save even more with our latest discounts, deals and special offers.. Find great deals on products and services to help your business grow.. Find a plan that's right for you.. Learn about our solutions for your business, including: automation, monitoring, asset management and communications.. Shop the latest accessories for all your business needs.. Cellular®'s Business Concierge or Customer Service for help and support.. M - F: 8AM - 9PM. To discuss your wireless business needs:. For business customer care and support:. Cellular® store location to stop by or schedule an in-store appointment.. Read Frequently Asked Questions from other customers.. Log in or register for My Account to manage your account online.. Pre-register, track and print your mail-in rebate.. Online, in-store, by mail, phone or electronic transfer - find a payment option that's right for you.. Make sure your device has the latest approved software to get the most out of your wirelesss experience.. For assistance, dial 611 from your. Cellular® phone (always a free call) or call our toll-free number. Get reliable network coverage and our great customer service wherever you are.. We're expanding our 4G LTE™ network, devices and data to help you keep up with the speed of life.. Get access to all of our best articles, videos, tips, tools and more to mobilize your lifestyle.. Refer a friend or family member to U.S. Cellular and earn up to $550 per year.. send to facebook1 print page. View Device Add to Cart Login. Price point is currently unavailable for this device. Not available with the selected plan. Overview Features Reviews Questions & Answers Accessories Support Apps & Games. Things we want you to know.. 5.2" Full HD (1920 x 1080) Display. 32GB Internal Storage; External microSD™ supported up to 2TB*. 16MP Rear Camera and 5MP Front-facing Camera. 4G LTE Bands 1/2/3/4/5/7/12/13/20/25, EVDO Rev.A. Qualcomm® Snapdragon™ 435 1.4 GHz x 4 + 1.1 GHz x 4 Octa-Core Processor MSM8940. Dimensions: 6.06" x 2.98" x 0.37". Talk Time: Up To 21 Hours**. Standby Time: Up To 30 Days and 10 Hours**. Hearing Aid Compatibility - M3/T3 Rating. ** Actual time may vary depending on network connectivity and application use.. Things We Want You To Know (Disclaimer). Read all LG X Venture reviews. Quick Reference Manual (PDF: 670KB). The phone associated with this accessory must also be added to your cart. Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetur adipiscing elit. Morbi eu orci nec enim fermentum elementum. A one-time $35 device activation fee for each device will appear on your first monthly bill. It is not a recurring charge and will not be included as part of your total due today at checkout.. Look at me for the next step.. Please enter the zip code or city/state where you mainly plan on using your wireless service so we can give you the most accurate pricing and product information.. Enter location by City and State. Enter location by City and State. What would you like to do?:. Forgot your User Name/Password?. Prepaid customers can begin enjoying the convenience of managing their account online, adding funds and setting up Auto Pay.. New Customer CT: Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetur adipisicing elit.. The Offer you've chosen will not be saved in your cart. Do you wish to leave this page?. For questions or assistance, call daily 7 a.m. 
Shop & support Shop & support. Account & services Account & services Account & services Billing & payments Back Billing & payments. View my bill View my bill View my bill Make a payment Make a payment Make a payment Payment activity & options Payment activity & options Payment activity & options. My wireless Back My wireless. Check usage Check usage Check usage Manage data Manage data Manage data Change wireless plan Change wireless plan Change wireless plan International options International options International options Manage devices & features Manage devices & features Manage devices & features Upgrade a device Upgrade a device Upgrade a device Add a device Add a device Add a device Buy accessories Buy accessories Buy accessories Get wireless support Get wireless support Get wireless support My DIRECTV Back My DIRECTV. View package details View package details View package details Shop TV Shop TV Shop TV. Watch TV Watch TV Watch TV. Move my service Move my service Move my service Get TV support Get TV support Get TV support My U-verse TV Back My U-verse TV. View package details View package details View package details Change TV package Change TV package Change TV package Shop TV Shop TV Shop TV. Move my service Move my service Move my service Get TV support Get TV support Get TV support My Internet Back My Internet. View plan details View plan details View plan details Change Internet plan Change Internet plan Change Internet plan Get equipment Get equipment Get equipment Shop Internet Shop Internet Shop Internet. Move my service Move my service Move my service Get Internet support Get Internet support Get Internet support My DSL Back My DSL. View plan details View plan details View plan details Change Internet plan Change Internet plan Change Internet plan Get equipment Get equipment Get equipment Shop Internet Shop Internet Shop Internet. Move my service Move my service Move my service Get Internet support Get Internet support Get Internet support My Dialup Back My Dialup. View plan details View plan details View plan details Change my plan Change my plan Change my plan Get equipment Get equipment Get equipment Shop Internet Shop Internet Shop Internet. Move my service Move my service Move my service Get Internet support Get Internet support Get Internet support My digital home phone Back My digital home phone. View plan details View plan details View plan details Change my plan Change my plan Change my plan Shop Phone Shop Phone Shop Phone. Move my service Move my service Move my service Get home phone support Get home phone support Get home phone support My home phone Back My home phone. View plan details View plan details View plan details Change my plan Change my plan Change my plan Shop Phone Shop Phone Shop Phone. Move my service Move my service Move my service Get home phone support Get home phone support Get home phone support Rewards & offers Back Earn & save. AT&T THANKS AT&T THANKS AT&T THANKS Military savings Military savings Military savings Special offers Special offers Special offers Deals Deals Deals Wireless Back Shop wireless. About wireless About wireless About wireless Phones & tablets Phones & tablets Phones & tablets Samsung Galaxy S9+ Samsung Galaxy S9+ Samsung Galaxy S9+ Talk, text & data plans Talk, text & data plans Talk, text & data plans Connected devices Connected devices Connected devices International options International options International options Features & apps Features & apps Features & apps AT&T PREPAID AT&T PREPAID AT&T PREPAID Bring your own device Bring your own device Bring your own device AT&T Trade-in Program AT&T Trade-in Program AT&T Trade-in Program. Wireless support Wireless support Wireless support TV Back Shop TV. About TV About TV About TV DIRECTV DIRECTV DIRECTV DIRECTV NOW DIRECTV NOW DIRECTV NOW U-verse TV U-verse TV U-verse TV International packages International packages International packages DIRECTV bundles DIRECTV bundles DIRECTV bundles U-verse TV bundles U-verse TV bundles U-verse TV bundles Watch TV Watch TV Watch TV. Move my service Move my service Move my service TV support TV support TV support Internet Back Shop Internet. About Internet plans About Internet plans About Internet plans AT&T Fiber AT&T Fiber AT&T Fiber Access from AT&T Access from AT&T Access from AT&T Internet bundles Internet bundles Internet bundles Internet equipment Internet equipment Internet equipment. Move my service Move my service Move my service Internet support Internet support Internet support Home phone Back Shop home phone. About home phone About home phone About home phone Digital phone plans Digital phone plans Digital phone plans Wireless Home Phone Wireless Home Phone Wireless Home Phone Traditional local phone Traditional local phone Traditional local phone Traditional long distance Traditional long distance Traditional long distance Lifeline Lifeline Lifeline Phones & accessories Phones & accessories Phones & accessories. Move my service Move my service Move my service Home phone support Home phone support Home phone support Bundles Back Shop bundles. DIRECTV + Internet DIRECTV + Internet DIRECTV + Internet DIRECTV + wireless DIRECTV + wireless DIRECTV + wireless U-verse TV + Internet U-verse TV + Internet U-verse TV + Internet TV + Internet + Phone TV + Internet + Phone TV + Internet + Phone Build my own bundle Build my own bundle Build my own bundle Smart technology Back Shop smart technology. About smart technology About smart technology About smart technology Smart home security Smart home security Smart home security Connected car Connected car Connected car Smart watches & devices Smart watches & devices Smart watches & devices Connected Marketplace Connected Marketplace Connected Marketplace Accessories Back Shop accessories. About accessories About accessories About accessories Cases Cases Cases Chargers Chargers Chargers Audio Audio Audio Toys & gadgets Toys & gadgets Toys & gadgets Internet equipment Internet equipment Internet equipment Home accessories Home accessories Home accessories Rewards & offers Back Earn & save. AT&T THANKS AT&T THANKS AT&T THANKS Military savings Military savings Military savings Special offers Special offers Special offers Deals Deals Deals More from AT&T Back More from AT&T. att.net News, entertainment & more att.net News, entertainment & more att.net News, entertainment & more myAT&T app Manage your account myAT&T app Manage your account myAT&T app Manage your account DIRECTV Now Stream TV live + On Demand DIRECTV Now Stream TV live + On Demand DIRECTV Now Stream TV live + On Demand AT&T Call Protect Control nuisance calls AT&T Call Protect Control nuisance calls AT&T Call Protect Control nuisance calls AT&T Digital Life Home security & automation AT&T Digital Life Home security & automation AT&T Digital Life Home security & automation AT&T THANKS Easily take advantage of your AT&T THANKS benefits. AT&T THANKS Easily take advantage of your AT&T THANKS benefits. AT&T THANKS Easily take advantage of your AT&T THANKS benefits. AT&T Mobile Security Helps protect your data from mobile threats. AT&T Mobile Security Helps protect your data from mobile threats. AT&T Mobile Security Helps protect your data from mobile threats. AT&T FamilyMap Know your family’s location AT&T FamilyMap Know your family’s location AT&T FamilyMap Know your family’s location. Support center Support center Support center Check order status Check order status Check order status Find a store Find a store Find a store Contact us Contact us Contact us. Small business Small business Small business Enterprise business Enterprise business Enterprise business Partner solutions Partner solutions Partner solutions Government agency Government agency Government agency. Help me choose Help me choose Help me choose. You already have items in your cart for postpaid service. Sorry, but prepaid and postpaid service can't be combined in the same order. If you'd like to order both prepaid and postpaid service, please place two separate orders.. Pelican Voyager Case and Holster - LG X venture(TM). Pelican Voyager Case and Holster - LG X venture(TM). Pelican Voyager Case and Holster - LG X venture(TM). {{ minPrices.lease.monthlyLeasePrice | currency | dollars }} {{ minPrices.lease.monthlyLeasePrice | currency | onlycents }} /mo. Requires 0% APR {{minPrices.lease.leaseTotalMonths}}-month installment agreement, well-qualified credit and service. Now price is {{ minPrices.regular.dueToday | currency | dollars }} point {{ minPrices.regular.dueToday | currency | onlycents }} /mo. Original price was {{ minPrices.regular.listPrice | currency | dollars }} point {{ minPrices.regular.listPrice | currency | onlycents }}. Selecting Shop will take you away from att.com. Learn more about the Connected Marketplace .. from {{x.priceDisplay.price | currency}} /mo.. local time to get it today. false ram enjoy false C2S. Pick up in store today |. Pick up in a nearby store. Just {{myFavDeviceStock}} left at this store. See more stores with this product. See more stores with this product. Tell us where you are to see a list of stores in your area.. These are the AT&T stores closest to. Please enter your ZIP code to find out if you're eligible for the hand-delivery with expert setup service.. Online and store prices may differ, and prices may vary from store to store.. Showing availability at company-owned AT&T stores and kiosks only.. 4-LAYER IMPACT PROTECTION Impact-absorbing TPR & PU rubber inside a rigid polycarbonate shell. SCREEN PROTECTION Scratch-resistant coated screen protector. CONVENIENT HOLSTER Easy-to-use holster with swiveling belt clip and kickstand. NON-SLIP GRIP Slim design with soft-touch over-mold is easy to hold and won't slide off surfaces. DROP-TESTED DURABILITY Tested to Military Specifications to survive multiple drops. LEGENDARY GUARANTEE Pelican's legendary lifetime guarantee: You break it, we replace it...forever.. The same product DNA found in equipment used by first responders and our armed forces can now save your phone. The Pelican Voyager case for the LG X venture protects against impact, shock, dust and sharp-edged attacks to your screen. Four layers of rigid polycarbonate and energy-absorbing TPR and PU rubber disperse impact energy, and we've tested it to military specifications to survive multiple drops. The Pelican Voyager case for the LG X venture features a holster and an integrated kickstand to help you read or view movies on a desk or airline tray table. Pelican's legendary lifetime guarantee: You break it, we replace itforever.. a ACCESSORY DISCOUNT: Available to qualified employees, students, members and other authorized individuals associated with eligible Sponsoring Organizations with a qualified Business Agreement. Qualified individual must subscribe to service under an account for which he/she is personally liable. Discount is available only on select phone and tablet accessories (unless otherwise provided in the Business Agreement) as determined solely by AT&T from time to time; eligible accessories will be identified as such in online buy flow. Discount may not be combined with other promotional pricing or offer. If you have a question about your eligibility, contact your Sponsoring Organization or visit a store or contact AT&T for offer details.. Pelican Voyager Case and Holster - LG X venture(TM). | Other Monthly Charges |. Returns Policy & Early Termination Fee |. Messaging & Data Charges |. Find a store Find a store Make a store appointment Make a store appointment Coverage maps Coverage maps Business customers Business customers. About AT&T About AT&T Contact us Contact us Feedback Feedback Ver en español. Legal policy center Legal policy center Privacy policy Privacy policy Terms of use Terms of use Broadband details Broadband details Advertising choices Advertising choices Accessibility Accessibility Site map Site map. Alert! As a security measure, your session is about to time out.. As a security measure, your session will end in 5 minutes. If you need more time, select Continue to extend your session.. As a security measure, your session will end in 5 minutes. If you need more time, select Save Cart to return at a later time or select Continue to extend your session.. Your myAT&T session has timed out. As a security measure, your session ends after 30 minutes of inactivity. Select Continue to login to myAT&T.. As a security measure, your session ends after 30 minutes of inactivity. Select Continue to return to the AT&T wireless homepage.. As a security measure, your session ends after 30 minutes of inactivity. Select Continue to return to the AT&T wireless homepage.. Alert! As a security measure, your session is about to time out.. As a security measure, your session will end in 5 minutes. If you need more time, select Continue to extend your session.. As a security measure, your session will end in 5 minutes. If you need more time, select Save Cart to return at a later time or select Continue to extend your session.. Your myAT&T session has timed out. As a security measure, your session ends after 30 minutes of inactivity. Select Continue to login to myAT&T.. As a security measure, your session ends after 30 minutes of inactivity. Select Continue to return to the AT&T wireless homepage.. As a security measure, your session ends after 30 minutes of inactivity. Select Continue to return to the AT&T wireless homepage.. 
DESIGNED FOR ACTIVE LIFESTYLES, LG X VENTURE GOES WHEREVER YOU EXPLORE. Share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window). Display: 5.2-inch FHD In-Cell Touch (1080 x 1920 / 423ppi). Memory: 2GB LPDDR3 RAM / 32GB eMMC ROM / Micro SD Slot (up to 2TB). Camera: Front 5MP Wide Angle / Rear 16MP Standard Angle. Size: 154.0 x 75.8 x 9.29mm. Network: LTE / 3G / 2G. Connectivity: Wi-Fi 802.11 a, b, g, n, ac / Bluetooth 4.2 / NFC / USB Type-B 2.0. Other: IP68 Water and Dust Resistant / Fingerprint Sensor / Qualcomm Quick Charge™ 2.0 / QuickButton / Outdoor Essentials / FM Radio / GPS / Accelerometer / Digital Compass / Gyroscope / Barometer. With Maximum Durability, High-Capacity Battery and Outdoor Activity Features,. LG’s Latest Smartphone is Built for Every Occasion and Adventure. SEOUL, May 22 , 2017 — LG Electronics (LG) today unveiled its second X series smartphone for 2017 designed for active users who want a smartphone that can keep up with their on-the-go lifestyles.. The LG X venture is the company’s newest mass-tier smartphone designed for users who want a tough adventure companion device that doesn’t sacrifice on features or looks. With IP68 compatibility for water and dust resistance, the LG X venture passed 14 different MIL-STD 810G tests designed for the U.S. In addition to measuring resistance to extreme temperatures, shock and water, the LG X venture was repeatedly immersed in 1.5m of water for up to 30 minutes and passed with flying colors.. In addition to its resistance against accidental mishaps and extreme elements, the smartphone features Outdoor Essentials, a multi-purpose application designed specifically for the LG X venture with six useful tools in a single application. Bundled in the active lifestyle app is a barometer, compass, activity counter (steps/calories/distance), exercise tracker, weather reporter and flashlight. The phone offers a robust but stylish design with a metal frame and a non-slip back cover and will be available in black and/or brown. LG understands that not all outdoor activities occur in warm climates so the LG X venture was designed with three physical keys on the front as well as a QuickButton on the side allows for easier interaction with the phone while wearing gloves or in wet or muddy environments. QuickButton works differently depending on how it’s pressed — short press for Outdoor Essentials, long press for settings and double press to toggle Glove Mode to recognize screen taps and swipes with gloved fingers. QuickButton can be customized to launch your favorite application and works even when the screen is off.. The LG X venture carries over a number of popular features from LG’s flagship G and V series smartphones such as the fingerprint sensor and dual cameras. A 5MP 120-degree wide angle front camera is perfect for large group shots while the rear 16MP camera delivers breathtaking shots with incredible sharpness and detail. A heavy-duty, high-capacity 4,100mAh embedded battery lasts for up to 24 hours between charges and with Quick Charge 2.0, the LG X venture charges from empty to 50 percent in only 48 minutes.. “Consumers with active lifestyles want devices that they don’t need to coddle or worry about when they’re on the go,” said Juno Cho, president of LG Electronics Mobile Communications Company. “But the LG X venture isn’t a ruggedized phone that makes sacrifices. Its long list of features, long battery life and excellent photo capabilities makes it the ideal companion for customers who wants a phone that works anytime, anywhere.”. LG X venture goes lives starting today in North America and will be available in parts of Europe, Asia, Africa, the Middle East and Latin America in the weeks to come. Pricing and exact date of availability will be announced locally in each market.. * Specification/Features may vary depending on the particular market.. Share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window). For news media-related inquiries only, please write to LGnews@lge.com .. For all other topics, please contact the LG office nearest you at www.lg.com .. Post was not sent - check your email addresses!. Email check failed, please try again. Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.. 
Select the department you want to search in. Sign in Account & Lists Sign in Account & Lists Orders Try Prime Cart. Your Amazon.com Today's Deals Gift Cards Registry Sell Help Disability Customer Support. Cell Phones & Accessories Carrier Phones Unlocked Phones Prime Exclusive Phones Accessories Cases Wearable Technology Best Sellers Deals Trade-In All Electronics. has been added to your Cart. Add a Carrier SIM Card for Service Activation:. T-Mobile SIM Starter Kit with Adapter. Cricket BYOD 2.0 Wireless 3-in-1 SIM Card Kit - Pr... 1-Click ordering is not available for this item.. Please enter a valid US zip code.. Please enter a valid US zip code.. Shipping to a APO/FPO/DPO? Please add the address to your address book. Make sure you include the unit and box numbers (if assigned).. 2-Year Unlocked Cell Phone Accidental Protection Plan. Coverage for drops, spills and product malfunctions. Free shipping on all repairs with $49 deductible. Cancel anytime, full refund in the first 30 days. SquareTrade Protection Plans are only valid for new products purchased at Amazon within the last 30 days. LG Electronics X Venture Factory Unlocked Phone - 5.2Inch Screen - 32GB - Black (U.S. for " lg x venture ". Amazon's Choice recommends highly rated, well-priced products available to ship immediately.. This item at this price, sold by Amazon.com, is currently reserved exclusively for Prime members. Prime free trial and invitee customers: We will automatically apply an Amazon.com Gift Card to your Gift Card Balance in the amount equal to the Prime exclusive discount after you become a paid Prime member. If you cancel your paid Prime membership or return the qualifying smartphone within the first 3 months of your paid Prime membership, we may void your Gift Card or charge you in the amount of the Gift Card. Terms and Conditions apply.. Only 8 left in stock (more on the way).. Ships from and sold by Amazon.com.. Dust and water resistant and military-grade shock resistant. 5.2" full HD display with Glove mode and physical buttons for ease of use. 16 MP rear-facing and 5 MP wide-angle front-facing Camera. 4100 mAh non-removable battery with quick charge 2.0. Qualcomm Snapdragon 435 processor, 32 GB ROM, 2 GB RAM, works with both GSM and CDMA Networks. These items are shipped from and sold by different sellers. This item: LG Electronics X Venture Factory Unlocked Phone - 5.2Inch Screen - 32GB - Black (U.S. Only 8 left in stock (more on the way).. Ships from and sold by Amazon.com.. [2-Pack] Supershieldz for LG X Venture Tempered Glass Screen Protector, Anti-Scratch, Anti… $6.99. Sold by Supershieldz and ships from Amazon Fulfillment.. FREE Shipping on orders over $25. This shopping feature will continue to load items. In order to navigate out of this carousel please use your heading shortcut key to navigate to the next or previous heading.. Customers who viewed this item also viewed. Page 1 of 1 Start over Page 1 of 1. Blackview BV8000 Pro 5.0 Inch Android 7.0 MTK6757 Octa Core Up To 2.3GHz 6GB RAM 64GB ROM FDD-LTE Shark Grey. Kyocera DuraForce Pro E6820 Military Grade Rugged Smartphone for AT&T. Caterpillar CAT S41 Dual-SIM 32GB Rugged IP68 Factory Unlocked 4G/LTE Smartphone (Black) - UK/EU Version. Moto Z FORCE Droid Edition 32gb Unlocked GSM w/Shatterpoof Display XT1650M ( Bands 2,3, 4, 5, 7 and 13) (Black). Sonim XP7 XP7700 16GB 4G/LTE Smartphone - Factory Unlocked - International Version with No Warranty (Yellow on Black). Samsung Galaxy S8 Active 64GB SM-G892A Unlocked GSM ( LTE bands 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 7, 8, 12, 20, 28, 29, 30, 38, 39, 40, 41, and 66) (Meteor Gray). This shopping feature will continue to load items. In order to navigate out of this carousel please use your heading shortcut key to navigate to the next or previous heading.. Customers who bought this item also bought. Page 1 of 1 Start over Page 1 of 1. [2-Pack] Supershieldz for LG X Venture Tempered Glass Screen Protector, Anti-Scratch, Anti-Fingerprint, Bubble Free, Lifetime Replacement Warranty. [3-PACK]- Mr Shield For LG X Venture [Tempered Glass] Screen Protector [0.3mm Ultra Thin 9H Hardness 2.5D Round Edge] with Lifetime Replacement Warranty. LG X Venture Case / LG X Calibur Case With Tempered Glass Screen Protector,IDEA LINE(TM) Heavy Duty Protection Hybrid Hard Shockproof Slim Fit Cover - Black. LG X venture Screen Protector [2 Pack] - OMOTON Tempered Glass Screen Protector for LG X venture Screen (2017 Released) with [9H Hardness] [Crystal Clear] [Scratch Resist] [No-Bubble]. LG X Venture Case, LG X Calibur Case With Tempered Glass Screen Protector,IDEA LINE(TM) Heavy Duty Armor Shock Proof Dual Layer Holster Locking Belt Swivel Clip with Kick Stand - Black. LG X Venture Case, Zizo [Static Series] Shockproof [Military Grade Drop Tested] w/Built-in Kickstand [Heavy Duty] Impact Resistant - LG X Calibur LV9. Find answers in product info, Q&As, reviews. Please make sure that you are posting in the form of a question.. Don't see what you're looking for?. There was a problem completing your request. Please try your search again later.. Gain confidence from strength and certifications with an IP681 rating for dust and water resistance and MIL-STD 810G2 testing.. Completely sealed against dust; water resistant up to 1.5 meters for 30 minutes. Passed 14 different MIL-STD-810G Tests for durability conducted by an independent laboratory in U.S. Device may not perform as tested in all conditions. Turn on Glove Mode* to increase screen touch sensitivity or press physical buttons for ease of use.. *Glove Mode results may vary depending on type of glove material. Achieve optimal results with thin material gloves 2 mm or less.. Take a robust, best-in-class camera along for the ride to shoot sharp, breathtaking shots.. The 4,100 mAh non-removable battery offers lasting power—plus refuel fast with Quick Charge 2.0.. There’s an octa-core processor under the hood and 32 GB onboard storage; plus, compatibility with GSM and CDMA networks.. 0.37 x 6.06 x 2.98 in. 0.5 x 5.7 x 2.9 in. 2.89 x 5.82 x 0.5 in. 0.31 x 5.86 x 2.95 in. 0.55 x 5.39 x 2.78 in. 2.91 x 5.7 x 0.49 in. LG Electronics X Venture Factory Unlocked Phone - 5.2Inch Screen - 32GB - Black (U.S. BLU T0010UU BLACK TANK XTREME PRO -Water proof smartphone, 4G LTE -Black. CAT PHONES S60 Rugged Waterproof Smartphone with integrated FLIR camera. LG X Power (16GB) 5.3" Screen with 4,100 mAh Battery, 4G LTE GSM Factory Unlocked Phone US610 - Grey. Kyocera DuraForce E6560 16GB Unlocked GSM 4G LTE Military Grade Smartphone w/ 8MP Camera - Black. CAT PHONES Caterpillar S40 Rugged Waterproof Smartphone. No matter who you are, with the LG x venture, you’ll be unstoppable. With strength, style and substance, this smartphone is built to keep up with your every move. With IP68 dust and water resistance, MIL-STD-810G shock resistance, physical home, back and apps buttons as well as Glove mode so you can use the touch screen Without taking off your gloves, the LG x venture has it all!. 6.1 x 0.4 x 3 inches. 9.6 ounces ( View shipping rates and policies ). #130,319 in Cell Phones & Accessories ( See Top 100 in Cell Phones & Accessories ). #2,471 in Cell Phones & Accessories > Unlocked Cell Phones. Product Warranty: For warranty information about this product, please. If you are a seller for this product, would you like to suggest updates through seller support ?. Would you like to tell us about a lower price ?. 5 star 67% 4 star 13% 3 star 13% 2 star 2 star (0%) 0% 1 star 7%. Share your thoughts with other customers. There was a problem filtering reviews right now. 4.0 out of 5 stars Great smartphone for the money. Just upgraded from another LG (E980) and wasn't ready to spend $600-$800... Great smartphone for the money! Got it on sale just for $250 :) Love everything in it except one thing that bothers me: on my old LG there was a looping home screen so I was able to go from first page to the last, if swipe backwards, with just one swipe. But this new phone has a new home screen without looping option :((( At 1st I through it because this phone is lower level than my previous LG but as I checked on higher level and few different brand name phones have no screen looping options too... Have no idea why they removed such a great option.... Was this review helpful to you?. 4.0 out of 5 stars easy to learn the interface. Bought for husband to replace an older ZTE. Using on Net10, and sound quality and speed of apps are much improved. Likes the picture quality, easy to learn the interface, good apps already installed (but has some pre-installed apps you'll want to delete).. Was this review helpful to you?. 5.0 out of 5 stars Best deal on this phone.. Found best price on Amazon for this phone. Thought we were going to have to return as the ATT guy couldn't get it on the network. Turned out there were 2 product numbers. When he tried the other it worked fine.. Was this review helpful to you?. 5.0 out of 5 stars Rugged and easy to hold. Long lasting battery for dark nights outside. Was this review helpful to you?. 5.0 out of 5 stars wonderful product. i brought it 249.99, after 7 days they were selling it 229.99, and i brought it again. i'm satisfied with this x venture very much. 3 network modes available: global, lte/gsm/umts, lte/cdma (i'm not sure, but i'm positive on both at&t and verison it would work. one imei number given: i think dual sim is not supported 3. slot: nano sim & micro sd card 4. Language: korean, chinese(traditional & simplified), japanese, deutsch, english, espanol, french, italiano, portugal, vietnam(tieng viet), russian(written as like 'pyccknn', i suppose), arabic(i can not spell, i suppose) 5. glove mode, led notification etc 6. Was this review helpful to you?. 5.0 out of 5 stars They break easily, Apple slows down older versions. I owned iPhones for almost 10 years and was sick and tired of them. They break easily, Apple slows down older versions, they are constantly changing the devices (chargers, headphone outputs, etc.) and Apple is constantly looping you into buying things you don't actually need. I bought this phone in November and have been delighted with it. It works great and doesn't have a scratch. I am a normal 24 yr old and it performs all the functions I need. Was this review helpful to you?. 5.0 out of 5 stars Don't need to ask the service provider to unlock. Can change service provider at any time. I don't need to worry when I upgrade as it is unlocked. 0 Comment | Was this review helpful to you?. 5.0 out of 5 stars Five Stars. 0 Comment | Was this review helpful to you?. LG Electronics X Venture Factory Unlocked Phone.... 5.0 out of 5 stars LG Electronics X Venture Factory Unlocked Phone.... boughy this phone for my girlfriend. she loves it and has so far held up to our toddlers less-than-gentle touch!. 5.0 out of 5 stars boughy this phone for my girlfriend. 5.0 out of 5 stars Real nice. 3.0 out of 5 stars Three Stars. 1.0 out of 5 stars One Star. Few things which I had fix Multi Media Service i install Handcent (the messages with picture more than 300KB) no possible to sent by standard... 5.0 out of 5 stars The cell Phone is cool. Few things which I had fix Multi Media .... Amazon Giveaway allows you to run promotional giveaways in order to create buzz, reward your audience, and attract new followers and customers. This item: LG Electronics X Venture Factory Unlocked Phone - 5.2Inch Screen - 32GB - Black (U.S. This shopping feature will continue to load items. In order to navigate out of this carousel please use your heading shortcut key to navigate to the next or previous heading.. Page 1 of 1 Start over Page 1 of 1. LG G6 - 32 GB - Unlocked (AT&T/T-Mobile/Verizon) - Platinum - Prime Exclusive. LG G6+ - 128 GB - Unlocked (AT&T/T-Mobile/Verizon) - Black - Prime Exclusive. LG X charge - 16 GB – Unlocked (AT&T/Sprint/T-Mobile) - Titanium - Prime Exclusive. LG V20 64GB H918 - Unlocked by T-Mobile for all GSM Carriers (Titan Gray). LG X Power - Prepaid - Carrier Locked - Boost Mobile. $168.25 without a service plan Prime. See and discover other items: 16mp camera. There's a problem loading this menu right now.. Get fast, free shipping with Amazon Prime. Prime members enjoy FREE Two-Day Shipping and exclusive access to music, movies, TV shows, original audio series, and Kindle books.. Careers About Amazon Investor Relations Amazon Devices. Sell on Amazon Sell Your Services on Amazon Sell on Amazon Business Sell Your Apps on Amazon Become an Affiliate Advertise Your Products Self-Publish with Us › See all. Amazon Rewards Visa Signature Cards Amazon.com Store Card Amazon.com Corporate Credit Line Shop with Points Credit Card Marketplace Reload Your Balance Amazon Currency Converter. Your Account Your Orders Shipping Rates & Policies Amazon Prime Returns & Replacements Manage Your Content and Devices Amazon Assistant Help. Amazon Music Stream millions of songs. Amazon Drive Cloud storage from Amazon. 6pm Score deals on fashion brands. AbeBooks Books, art & collectibles. ACX Audiobook Publishing Made Easy. Alexa Actionable Analytics for the Web. Amazon Business Everything For Your Business. AmazonFresh Groceries & More Right To Your Door. AmazonGlobal Ship Orders Internationally. Home Services Handpicked Pros Happiness Guarantee. Amazon Inspire Digital Educational Resources. Amazon Rapids Fun stories for kids on the go. Amazon Restaurants Food delivery from local restaurants. Amazon Video Direct Video Distribution Made Easy. Amazon Web Services Scalable Cloud Computing Services. Audible Download Audio Books. AudiobookStand Discount Audiobooks on Disc. Book Depository Books With Free Delivery Worldwide. Box Office Mojo Find Movie Box Office Data. ComiXology Thousands of Digital Comics. CreateSpace Indie Print Publishing Made Easy. DPReview Digital Photography. East Dane Designer Men's Fashion. Fabric Sewing, Quilting & Knitting. Goodreads Book reviews & recommendations. IMDb Movies, TV & Celebrities. IMDbPro Get Info Entertainment Professionals Need. Junglee.com Shop Online in India. Kindle Direct Publishing Indie Digital Publishing Made Easy. Prime Now FREE 2-Hour Delivery on Everyday Items. Prime Photos Unlimited Photo Storage Free With Prime. Shopbop Designer Fashion Brands. TenMarks.com Math Activities for Kids & Schools. Warehouse Deals Open-Box Discounts. Whole Foods Market America’s Healthiest Grocery Store. Withoutabox Submit to Film Festivals. Woot! Deals and Shenanigans. Zappos Shoes & Clothing. Souq.com Shop Online in the Middle East. Subscribe with Amazon Discover & try subscription services. Conditions of Use Privacy Notice Interest-Based Ads © 1996-2018, Amazon.com, Inc. 
http:/ / www.phonescoop.com/ articles/ article.php? a=19294. Review: LG X venture for AT&T. The LG X venture is a rugged, waterproof handset sold by AT&T. It packs mid-range specs, such as a 5.2-inch display, a Snapdragon 435 processor, and a 16-megapixel camera, into a fairly compact form factor for a hardy handset. More importantly, the X venture has a few neat tricks up its sleeve that make it an interesting addition to AT&T's lineup. Here is Phone Scoop's in-depth review of LG's rugged Android smartphone.. In need of a handset that handles the hard knocks of an active lifestyle? The LG X venture, sold by AT&T, is a rugged, waterproof phone that takes a beating while you're reading or tweeting. More importantly, it's affordable and amazingly compact for such a hearty device.. The thing that surprises me most about the LG X venture, the Korean company's latest rugged handset, is its size. Many rugged smartphones are overly bulky, beset by chunky plastic and other thick materials to shore up their strength. The X venture looks and feels like any regular phone, and the footprint is hardly bigger than that of the LG G6 or OnePlus 5.. Rugged smartphones often share certain design characteristics, such as toughened corners, beefy frames, and grippy materials. The LG X venture eschews many of these for a simpler, thinner build. Metal rails, complete with exposed rivets, line the side edges and form only slightly thickened protective barriers at all four corners. Black plastic end caps stretch from corner to corner along the top and bottom edges. The rear panel has a rubberized surface with dimples to provide some texture. I like the juxtaposition of the bright metal and black plastics. The metal rails even have chamfers along the edges. A few other chrome-colored accents help some of the X venture's functional elements stand out and break up what might otherwise be a boring, monochromatic look.. The X venture is not a small phone, and yet it's certainly no huge phone, either. If you look at fully rugged smartphones from the likes of CAT or Kyocera, you'll see some big, big handsets that belong clipped onto your belt. The X venture isn't in that category. It's just a bit bigger than LG's own flagship, the G6, and it's noticeably smaller than something like the iPhone 7 Plus or Galaxy S8 Plus. At 6 inches tall and 3 inches wide, the X venture is a solid middleweight. Given the engineering necessities for ruggedization, I'll forgive the 9.1mm thickness. I can hold and use the phone one-handed most of the time, and only occasionally need to put my other hand to use. If you have small hands, the X venture might feel a bit big. The size doesn't get in the way of jamming the phone into your pockets, but the rubbery back surface sticks to pocket lining in an annoying fashion.. The materials are not what I expect from a handset in this category. Nearly every rugged phone I've ever tested has been clad in rubber-coated plastics from head to toe. The X venture's metal sides are a welcome departure. The plastics come across as tough and strong, and the assembly is tight enough to instill confidence in the phone's ability to handle punishment.. I'd call the X venture's face somewhat chaotic. There are lines, angles, and shapes all over the place. The phone actually has gently rounded corners, but the way LG shaped the metal rails over the shoulders makes the X venture look like it has angled corners (it doesn't.) The glass panel that protects the display reinforces the angled look with actual angles in the four corners. LG's logo is painted in chrome just below the earpiece.. A cluster of hardware buttons line the X venture's chin. Hardware buttons are common on ruggedized handsets, as they're easier to use when wearing gloves. The cluster is encircled by the glass panel, so it stands out by visually and by feel. The home button doubles as a fingerprint reader. It's offset by a chrome rim and is fairly wide with a slightly coarse texture. Travel is minimal and feedback is a bit weak. LG placed a large back button to the left of the home button and an app-switcher button to the right. These keys have a rubbery texture that makes them instantly recognizable by feel. I don't care for the loud clicking sound these buttons make, but they work well enough.. The phone's left edge is a busy place. Close to the top you'll spot the orange-colored hot key. Out of the box, the button launches LG's outdoorsy software suite, but you can assign it to something else. The button itself has a really rough texture that makes it easy to find and use. LG dropped the volume toggle below the hot key. It's a flat affair with two halves separated by a small gap. The button is just large enough to help your thumb differentiate between the up and down directionals. The X venture's screen lock button is the only thing on the right edge. I sort of feel bad for the button, as it's all alone. Thankfully, the button is easy to find and use, and it offers the best travel and feedback of all the phone's buttons.. I wish the X venture had a USB-C port on the bottom, but LG opted for micro-USB instead. A standard 3.5mm headset jack is located along the bottom as well.. LG wants you to know that the X venture's rear panel and the battery beneath cannot be removed. The phone ships with a stark sticker applied to the rear that says in plain words: "NON-REMOVABLE BATTERY--do not remove back cover or battery." Got that? The dimpled rubber surface provides plenty of grip, even when the phone is wet. Both LG's and AT&T's logos are stamped into the material directly.. LG says the X venture meets IP68 ratings for protection against dust and water, as well as mil-spec 810G for physical abuse such as drops. I can report that the phone is truly waterproof. I let the phone spend some time in my pool as well as the bottom of my local river and it came away no worse for the wear. The phone can easily brush off a rain shower or accidental dunk in the tub.. The phone is definitely tougher than your average slab. The metal sides and rubber rear do their job in protecting the phone from the worst damage when dropped. I did a few test drops on my driveway, sidewalk, and on floors made of wood and ceramic tile. I am worried about the display, though; the phone's design does not include any sort of protective rim to prevent the screen from coming in direct contact with flat surfaces. That said, I think most people can be comfortable using the X venture without a case.. LG has designed and manufactured a rugged, waterproof handset that doesn't force owners to give up usability. The phone's average size makes it an appealing alternative to using a smaller phone with a thick case.. LG selected a 5.2-inch full-HD LCD panel for the X venture and it delivers a fine experience. The size and resolution are well matched and ensure that individual pixels are mostly invisible to your eyes. Text, icons, and graphics all look smooth along the edges. The LCD pumps out plenty of light. While I had no trouble using the phone indoors, the display's lack of oleophobic coating means the glass is besmirched by fingerprints and thus harder to see outdoors. Seriously, you need to hunt down shade when outdoors because the fingerprint grime is that bad. On a positive note, the screen supports glove mode, which allows you to interact with the display even when wearing gloves. I tested this feature and it works. Viewing angles are pretty good, though I did see some a drop in brightness when the phone was tilted side to side.. The X venture performed acceptably on AT&T's network in and around New York City, but it fell a little short when compared to some other AT&T phones I've tested recently. The radio remained attached to LTE most of the time, but dipped to 3G in some poor-coverage areas.. Data speeds were generally decent no matter the signal conditions. The X venture handled browsing media-rich social networks like Facebook and Instagram with no problem, though it gave me a little trouble streaming music and video over LTE.. Phone call connectivity was the most frustrating issue. The X venture sometimes missed calls in weak coverage areas, and dropped a few calls at highway speeds.. Voice calls are big on volume, but short on clarity. The earpiece pushes plenty of air into your ear, allowing you to hear calls just about anywhere you might take the phone. I had no trouble in noisy spaces such as coffee shops, malls, and the car. I noticed a distorted buzzing sound in the background during many calls. Some calls were free of the buzz, but most were not.. Sadly, the buzz carries over to the speakerphone where I heard the same background noise. The speakerphone does pump out lots of sound, however, making it a viable option in the car and so on. I wish the buzz weren't so noticeable, but it doesn't completely ruin calls.. People I spoke to through the X venture said I sounded "just okay." Ringers and alert tones are very loud, and the vibrate alert produces a strong buzz.. The X venture's battery game is on point. LG went big with a 4,100 mAh battery for the phone and it delivers big time. The X venture easily coasted through two days on a single charge under normal use. On days when I pushed the GPS and other adventure software features to the limit, the X venture still forged through a day and a half before the battery saver kicked on.. The phone supports Quick Charge 2.0. LG claims you'll get a day's use out of a 50-minute charge and I'd say that's about right.. If you need a phone with amazing battery life, the X venture has you covered.. I didn't run into any issues with the phone's secondary batch of radios. For example, the Bluetooth 4.2 radio connected to headsets and speakers with no problems. Phone calls pushed through my car's hands-free system were about average in quality. Music sounded nice and punchy when streamed to a Bluetooth speaker.. The X venture's GPS radio located me quickly and accurately. The phone dialed in my location in 5 seconds or less, and accuracy was as good as about 25 feet. The phone worked well as a real-time navigation tool and had no trouble handling highway or city street traffic re-routes.. The NFC radio aboard means you can set up Android Pay if you wish. I found it helpful for pairing with some Bluetooth accessories.. The WiFi radio did a fine job.. Hankering for some good old FM radio? The X venture has you covered as long as you have headphones with you.. Kyocera's latest rugged clamshell for AT&T boasts LTE and mobile hotspot powers, in addition to its in-your-face attitude and truck-like build. This compact phone may include only the most elemental functions, but it has a few tricks up its sleeve.. LG X Venture Delivers Inexpensive, Rugged Performance. LG today announced the X venture, an affordable Android smartphone that can take a beating. The phone has an IP68 rating for protection against water and dust, and a mil-spec 810g rating for durability against drops, bumps, scrapes, and other abuse.. Samsung's Galaxy S8 Active is a rugged version of the company's flagship Android smartphone. If you favor form over function, the Active delivers in spades.. Review: Kyocera DuraForce XD for AT&T. Kyocera's latest rugged hardware is built like a tank, which means it's tougher than hell, but also huge and heavy. If you need a hardy handset, this Android phablet has you covered and then some.. Review: Microsoft Lumia 735 for Verizon Wireless. This mid-range Windows Phone is a solid addition to Verizon's smartphone lineup. It boasts a 4.7-inch screen, 6.7-megapixel camera, and quad-core Snapdragon processor.. 2 GB RAM 4,100 mAh battery. Headphone Jack (3.5mm), Water-Resistant, Memory Card Slot, NFC, Fingerprint Reader. Subscribe to news & reviews with RSS. Hands On with the Samsung Galaxy S9 and S9+. Samsung's new flagship handsets, the Galaxy S9 and S9+, are here and they offer lots to be excited about. Samsung took the wining design of last year's phones and upped the ante with improvements to the chassis, cameras, and software.. Review: Speck Presidio Ultra Case for iPhone X. Speck's newest case for the Apple iPhone X, the Presidio Ultra, is a three-piece kit that includes a base case, an extra bumper, and a rugged holster. If you need hardcore protection with a little bit of flexibility throughout the day, the Presidio Ultra is an interesting entry.. Review: ZTE Avid 4 for MetroPCS. ZTE's latest low-cost handset for MetroPCS offers entry-level specs and performance. It includes a 5-inch screen, 8-megapixel camera, and Android 7 Nougat. MetroPCS customers can score this handset for next to nothing, but there might be better options. Here is Phone Scoop's in-depth review.. Review: Kingston DataTraveler Duo Bolt for iPhone. The Kingston DataTraveler Duo Bolt is a small thumb drive that plugs into the bottom of your iPhone and saves all your photos and videos. If you're looking for a quick way to free up space on your iOS device, the DataTraveler Duo Bolt is ideal in certain situations.. Review: Tech 21 Evo Check Case for Pixel 2 XL. Tech 21's latest accessory for the Google Pixel 2 XL is the Evo Check, a three-layer case that provides protection for drops up to three meters. We put this case to the test to see if it's worth your hard-earned dollars.. Review: Coolpad Revvl Plus for T-Mobile. The Revvl Plus is an affordable Android slab that delivers an enormous screen at a reasonable price point. Stand-out features include a dual-camera system for capturing bokeh-style portraits, and a fingerprint reader for security. Here is Phone Scoop's in-depth report.. Review: WeBoost Drive Sleek In-Car Signal Booster. WeBoost's Drive Sleek in-vehicle signal booster amplifies wireless signals inside your car. If you're a mobile professional or road trip fanatic and need better wireless performance when behind the wheel, the WeBoost can help.. Review: IK Multimedia iRig Pro I/O for iPhone. The iRig Pro I/O is a compact audio interface that lets musicians, singers, and podcasters connect their instruments or microphones to Apple iPhones, iPads, and Macs. It takes all the best features of the larger iRig Pro Duo and boils them down to the most essential tools in a highly portable package.. Subscribe to Phone Scoop News with RSS. Subscribe to Phone Scoop on YouTube. All content Copyright 2001-2018 Phone Factor, LLC. Content on this site may not be copied or republished without formal permission.. By registering, you agree to our Terms of Use. We value your privacy and will never share your email address. 
A list of all the Google Now voice commands. 13 tips and tricks to master your HTC One (M8). 11 simple tips and tricks to get more from your LG G3. Get the most from your Samsung Galaxy S5 with these 16 tips and tricks. Back that app up: 5 great backup utilities for Android. Cabin review: Track your family's location, send messages, and assign tasks. The LG X Venture is a rugged, durable smartphone with a killer battery. It features IP68 water and dust resistance, and a 4,100mAh battery. Use commas to separate multiple email addresses. There was an error emailing this page.. LG G6 Review: The right phone at the wrong time. Galaxy S8+ review: The future of Android is now. HTC U11 review: A powerful Android phone that knows how to have fun. Hands-on with the new Google Assistant.. The LG G6 might have IP68 water resistance and rounded corners that reduce the risk of cracking, but it’s not exactly rugged. Its all-glass enclosure begs for careful handling and at $650 for an unlocked model, you probably don’t want to bring it on your next hiking trip.. In that case, the LG X Venture might be the phone for you. Exclusive to AT&T , the 5.2-inch handset might not be able to keep up with the G6 in the speed department (it only features a Snapdragon 435. processor), but what it lacks in performance, it makes up for in durability. According to the tech specs, the device has passed 14 separate MIL-STD 810G tests, a U.S. military standard that address things like intense pressure, extreme exposure, heavy vibration, and harsh weather conditions.. The LG X Venture's Full HD screen is encased in Gorilla Glass 4 and surrounded by a metal frame and textured, slip-proof rear case. It has a trio of physical buttons beneath the display and a 16MP rear camera will snap high-quality images in the toughest terrain. And for selfies, there’s a 5 MP front-facing camera.. Additionally, there’s 32GB of storage, a microSD slot, and 2GB of RAM, but the real killer feature is its battery. LG has crammed a 4,100mAh battery into the X Venture, which is estimated to get 24 hours of talk time and 30 days of standby. But when you factor in its low-grade processor, it should be a battery beast, easily lasting through a full day of heavy GPS use and fitness tracking.. To that end, LG expects that the X Venture will appeal to outdoor enthusiasts. It has built in quick access to apps and tools most useful to adventure seekers, including weather, barometer, LG Health, compass, flashlight, and stopwatch, as well as a handy Glove Mode that lets you operate the screen when your fingers are covered. It’s a unique trick that can be turned on and off by double-pressing the home button, though LG warns that your mileage will vary based on the type of gloves you are wearing and suggests “thin material gloves 2mm or less” for optimal results.. The X Venture comes in black and chocolate brown, and will be available at AT&T stores beginning May 26.. Why this matters: Lots of the focus when it comes to Android phones rests on the flagships, but with more than 2 billion active users, they only represent a fraction of total device sales. The rest of the landscape is comprised of more niche products like the X Venture. And we’d really like to see a 4,100mAh battery become the standard for flagships.. Michael Simon covers all things mobile for Greenbot and Macworld. You can usually find him with his nose buried in a screen.. Copyright © 2018 IDG Communications, Inc. The Android robot is reproduced or modified from work created and shared by Google and used according to terms described in the Creative Commons 3.0 Attribution License. Greenbot is an independent site that is not affiliated with Google Inc.. Explore the IDG Network descend. 
LG X Venture review: A very good mid-range phone that can take a beating. 2017/07/12 8:00am PST Jul 12, 2017. 0.1 Specs 0.2 The Good 0.3 The Not So Good 1 Design 2 Display 3 Performance and battery 4 Camera 5 Software 6 Conclusion. The budget phone space is incredibly competitive right now. The Moto G5 Plus is still king in this product category , but there are plenty of rivals like Nokia and Acatel selling great devices at inexpensive prices. LG has been making budget phones for a while now, but the X Venture is a bit different. The phone's priorities are durability and battery life, not specifications or performance.. After using the X Venture, I came away impressed. For $329, you get a decently-fast phone that can take a beating, all while lasting around two days on a single charge. It even has a few features you don't often see in phones around this price (at least in the US), like NFC support and a customizable 'QuickButton' that can open any app. But even with a great set of features, I'm not sure if the X Venture's price is right.. 6.0" x 3.0" x 0.36", 5.8 ounces. Wi-Fi 802.11a/b/g/n/ac/r, 2.4/5 GHz; Bluetooth 4.2. $329.99 or $11/month for 30 months. The metal frame protects against drops and bumps, and the back side has a rubber texture for easy gripping. This phone is IP68-rated, so you don't have to worry about getting it wet. You can easily get two days of solid use out of this phone on a single charge. The X Venture has a button above the volume rocker than can be set to open any application on your phone. The side buttons on this phone activate with very little pressure, I often pressed them accidentally while holding the phone. The tiny back-facing speaker doesn't sound great. I would have liked to see USB Type-C instead of microUSB, but at least it supports QuickCharge 2.0. The cameras on the LG X Venture aren't very good. You can only buy this phone from AT&T.. Left: LG X Venture, Right: Google Pixel 5". The LG X Venture's design can probably be best described as function over form. One of the phone's primary features is a massive 4,100mAh battery, so as you might expect, the Venture X is a bit thicker (~9.1mm) than your typical Android flagship. I didn't find the extra thickness to be annoying at all, but it's noticeable.. Top: Google Pixel 5", Bottom: LG X Venture. The front of the phone is glass with three physical plastic navigation buttons at the bottom, and an LG logo at the top. The home button pulls double-duty as the fingerprint sensor, so you can unlock the X Venture by only by pushing down on it. I'll take software navigation buttons over physical ones any day, but the ones on the X Venture aren't terrible by any means.. The left and right sides of the phone are metal, and the corners are reinforced to better withstand drops and bumps. The left side has the 'QuickButton,' volume rocker, and SIM card tray. The power button sits on the right side, and at the bottom is a headphone jack and microUSB port with QuickCharge 2.0.. The orange QuickButton serves as a shortcut for the 'Outdoor Essentials' application, which displays a compass, barometer, the current weather, a flashlight toggle, and other helpful functions. But if you want, LG allows you to remap the button to any application. You can even set additional actions for double-pressing and holding the QuickButton. Samsung could learn a thing or two from this phone.. Unfortunately, the side buttons on the X Venture are very sensitive. Most of the time I end up pressing at least one of them when taking the phone out of my pocket, or holding it in landscape mode. In my time using the X Venture, this was probably the most annoying aspect of the phone.. The back side is completely rubber, which makes the X Venture easy to grip, but makes the overall design feel a bit dated. Personally, I don't really care what the back of my phone looks like, but maybe you do. There's a camera at the top center of the phone, with a flash on the left side. There are also logos for AT&T and LG, in case the front-facing LG branding wasn't enough for you. At the bottom-left corner is a tiny speaker grill.. The LG X Venture has a 5.2" Gorilla Glass 3 1080p display, with 423 pixels per inch. It's a normal LCD, not AMOLED or anything fancy like that. Despite that, the display was just fine in my experience, with great viewing angles and good colors. But the best part of the X Venture's screen isn't the resolution or colors - it's the brightness.. This phone is clearly built to be used outdoors, and the display is no exception. Trying to use my Google Pixel in full sunlight is nearly impossible, but the X Venture's screen is easily readable in the same conditions. And that large 4,100mAh battery means you can keep it at full brightness without worrying about it dying too soon.. As you may have noticed in the specifications sheet above, the LG X Venture is powered by a Snapdragon 430 CPU with an Adreno 505 GPU. This is a bit of an odd choice, as the phone is similar in price to the 64GB Moto G5 Plus ($299), but that phone has a Snapdragon 625. The 2GB of RAM is kind of disappointing - the 64GB G5 Plus has 4GB of RAM.. On Geekbench 4, the X Venture scored a 631 on single-core performance and 2583 on multi-core ( full results here ), slightly below the Moto G5 Plus' scores of 799 and 3823. On 3DMark's Sling Shot Extreme test, the phone scored 237 ( full results here ). Finally, AnTuTu gave the X Venture a score of 40526.. Despite the less-powerful chipset, the X Venture is still plenty fast in real-world use. The apps I use the most include Twitter, Sync for Reddit, Discord, Slack, Instagram, Twitter, Inbox, Chrome, and Hangouts. All of these performed very well on the phone, but Chrome was noticeably laggier than on my Pixel. This is probably more Chrome's fault, though - there are better browsers. I could even play a 1080p YouTube video while scrolling through Twitter, using Android 7.0's multi-window mode, and there was hardly a slowdown. So while the phone's raw power might not be on the same level of a Moto G5 or Moto Z Play, real-life usage has been very good in my testing.. As far as battery life goes, the LG X Venture is fantastic. The 4,100mAh capacity means you can easily go two days on a single charge, maybe three if you don't use it much. I regularly saw between 6-7 hours of screen-on time, but I don't do much mobile gaming, so your results may vary. One day I left the phone alone for 12 hours, and it was still at 98% (granted, that's also thanks to Android 7.0's Doze).. To charge that massive battery, the X Venture supports Qualcomm QuickCharge 2.0. There is a QC-compatible wall charger and cable included in the box, so you don't have to buy extra accessories. Still, I would have liked to see QC 3.0.. Budget phones almost always suffer from unremarkable cameras, and the X Venture is no exception. There's a 16MP rear camera with an f/2.2 aperture, and a front-facing 5MP wide-angle lens. As with most budget phones, you might get decent shots with plenty of light, but low-light performance is not great.. Even some photos in bright light, like the trees picture, have washed-out colors. Sometimes you can get a good level of detail, such as in the watch and mailbox photos, but you have to hold the phone very still. The front-facing camera is a similar story, but the wide-lens feature is fun to play around with.. Left: Normal selfie, Right: Wide-lens selfie. If you plan on taking plenty of pictures with your phone, the LG X Venture might not be the best choice.. I've owned two LG phones in the past - the Nexus 5 and Nexus 5X. But both of those shipped with stock Android, so I've never actually tried LG's skin. After using the X Venture, I would still have preferred something closer to stock, but it's not terrible .. Let's start with the home screen. LG actually ships three launchers on the X Venture - 'Home,' 'Home & app drawer,' and 'EasyHome.' The first two are nearly identical, except the former doesn't have an app drawer and the latter does. EasyHome is a simplified launcher with the left-most page functioning as a dialer.. From left to right: Home, Home & app drawer, EasyHome. I used the Google Now Launcher for most of the review period, but LG's launchers are pretty good. You can change the swipe effect, grid size, and app sort (except with EasyHome, which offers no customization beyond the app icons).. There are a few other LG apps present on the X Venture, such as LG Health (a fitness app), Outdoor Essentials (displays barometer/compass/weather info), QuickMemo+ (a notepad), and an FM radio. You don't see many carrier-sold phones with FM radio support, so that's a nice feature to have. There's also something called 'LG SmartWorld,' which seems to be some kind of product catalog.. Besides the LG apps, there is a fair bit of bloatware on this phone. Thankfully they can all be disabled, except AT&T Device Help, but here's what came on my review unit:. Finally, we come to the LG skin itself. For the most part, LG just made everything white and called it a day. The quick settings panel, most of the stock apps, the keyboard - everything is white. Using this phone in the dark might not be a great experience. But LG hasn't made any major changes to how Android operates, which is a good thing.. Besides the blinding design, I really only had two complaints. The carrier (in this case, AT&T) is locked to the top-left of the status bar, and I tapped the Clear All button on the Recents screen far too often. But otherwise, LG's skin is pretty unobtrusive.. The LG X Venture is a good phone. I love the larger battery, the customizable shortcut button, and the rugged feel. But the X Venture is in a very competitive space, and I'm not sure the $329 price is right. For $30 less, you can get the 64GB Moto G5 Plus. Compared to the X Venture, the 64GB G5 Plus has a better CPU, twice the RAM, twice the storage, and software closer to stock Android. But the Moto G5 Plus lacks the X Venture's NFC support, IP68 rating, and more protected body.. Ultimately, the X Venture isn't the best choice for everyone. If you want a durable budget phone and you're on AT&T, I would definitely recommend it. But if you don't care too much about durability, or you're not on AT&T, the Moto G5 Plus is a better choice.. Tags budget budget phone LG lg x venture phone review review x venture. Ticwatch S & E are affordable but stylish Android Wear devices, coming soon from Mobvoi. Finger lickin' good: Huawei made a phone for KFC's 30th anniversary in China. [Update: APK now available] Google releases Assistant Go app on the Play Store. 2018/02/06 4:45am PST Feb 6, 2018. [Update x2: Hotfix supplement] Google changed the build number format in Oreo—here's how to read it. 2018/02/20 8:21pm PST Feb 20, 2018. Google's Calculator app hits 100 million downloads on the Play Store. 2018/01/31 9:34pm PST Jan 31, 2018. LG put out the 5x in 2015 for nearly the same price and still seems like the better phone today.. If it wasn't for the awful Snapdragon 808 and the large quantity of bootlooping 5X's, I would agree with you.. Well, my 5X is bootlooping and this isn't. Also the 5X doesn't have IP68 protection or a massive battery.. 5x is high-end; this thing is low-end. Nothing on Net Neutrality today? not even a banner or pinned post? really?. That front reminds me of Motorola Photon 4G. I was litteraly thinking the same thing. I still have my old Moto 4G. In another life, I too would've owned the Photon Q.. Screen on time seems pretty low for a battery that size and that SoC. My wife's Z Play consistently gets around 10 hours SoT with 600 less mAh's in the battery. Guess that shows how much more power efficient the 625 is.. Is it a snapdragon 435 or 430? The article conflicts itself.. Looks like a good phone for my grandfather who's active outdoors and misses the good old days of his flip phone that was durable and got great battery life.. It has a Snapdragon 430, the post has been fixed.. Specs also say it has a 4,100 mAh battery and the 2nd sentence in the review says 4,000.. Thanks, it should have been 4,100 in both instances.. Another tough, large battery phone that's an ATT exclusive.. Can you hear me now Verizon?. why it have to look like it came from the 90's?. Snapdragon 430 and 2Gb of RAM, not no, but hell no.. Especially at the price at&t wants for this.. >bit thicker (~9.1mm) than your typical Android flagship. Damn it feels like I've been living under a fucking rock. My previous phone was over a centimeter thick at its thickest point (yeah, remember when curved backs were still a thing?), and my current one is 8.6, and it *feels too thin* for me. If this phone is thick then you may as well call my 65kg ass overweight.. It's thicker than most flagship Android phones, but I didn't mind it at all. I usually put some kind of case on my devices because they're too thin.. Yes, exactly -- It's moronic that I'm over here with a 9mm thick device thinking "hmm this could be thicker for a bigger battery" when manufacturers are already getting under 7mm.. This review is a real disappointment. It got so many basic things wrong:. The CPU is Snapdragon 435 and not 430. And the device doesn't have NFC. The author clearly didn't check with LG official site:. I own the device and I really like it.. [Deal Alert] Nest Cam Outdoor two-pack is just $248.38 ($99.62 off) on Amazon. 2018/02/25 7:32pm PST Feb 25, 2018. [Deal Alert] Sony Xperia XZ1 is down to $495 ($205 off) on Amazon. 2018/02/25 7:16pm PST Feb 25, 2018. [Deal Alert] Best Buy will knock $100 off Galaxy S9/S9+ pre-orders on Friday, March 2nd only. 2018/02/25 6:37pm PST Feb 25, 2018. [Deal Alert] Refurbished JBL Everest Elite 700 noise-canceling Bluetooth headphones are $119.99 on Woot. 2018/02/25 2:54pm PST Feb 25, 2018. [Deal Alert] Prime Exclusive LG Q6 is $159.99 ($90 off) today only on Amazon. 2018/02/25 11:14am PST Feb 25, 2018. Are you using a custom launcher on your phone?. Yes, I currently am using a custom launcher. I have used one in the past, but not currently. No, and I have never used a custom launcher.. Wacom Bamboo Tip review: A pricey fine-tip stylus that works on all touchscreens. 2018/02/23 6:08am PST Feb 23, 2018. Netatmo Welcome review: A near perfect no-hidden-fees indoor security camera with face recognition. 2018/02/22 5:39am PST Feb 22, 2018. Moto Tab review: Look elsewhere for your tablet needs. 2018/02/20 7:33am PST Feb 20, 2018. JBL Link smart speakers review: Offering several great alternatives to the Google Home. 2018/02/17 5:30am PST Feb 17, 2018. Microsoft's Photos Companion is a neat utility for transferring images from Android to your PC (Hands-on). 2018/02/15 4:06am PST Feb 15, 2018. 21 new and notable Android Wear watch faces from the last 3 months (11/11/17 - 2/22/18). 2018/02/24 9:59am PST Feb 24, 2018. 13 new and notable Android games from the last week (2/14/18 - 2/20/18). 2018/02/20 11:20am PST Feb 20, 2018. 14 new and notable Android apps from the last week (2/13/18 - 2/19/18). 2018/02/19 10:21am PST Feb 19, 2018. 18 new and notable Android games from the last week (2/7/18 - 2/13/18). 2018/02/13 11:33am PST Feb 13, 2018. 14 new and notable Android apps and live wallpapers from the last week (2/6/18 - 2/12/18). 2018/02/12 11:39am PST Feb 12, 2018. Samsung SmartThings app overhaul coming in March. 2018/02/25 2:26pm PST Feb 25, 2018. YouTube for Android TV adds manual resolution selection, starts rolling an updated interface. 2018/02/25 3:11am PST Feb 25, 2018. Google app beta's screenshot editing and sharing popup is now working in other apps as well for some. 2018/02/24 10:27pm PST Feb 24, 2018. Here are 39 temporarily free and 45 on-sale apps for your Saturday. 2018/02/24 10:26am PST Feb 24, 2018. 21 new and notable Android Wear watch faces from the last 3 months (11/11/17 - 2/22/18). 2018/02/24 9:59am PST Feb 24, 2018. [Deal Alert] Save $35 when you buy a Google Home and Chromecast or Chromecast Audio. 2017/02/26 1:35am PST Feb 26, 2017. [Deal Alert] Nexus 5X 16GB Drops To Its Lowest Price Yet, Grab One For Just $269.99 On eBay. 2016/02/26 10:31am PST Feb 26, 2016. Sprint Galaxy S6 And Galaxy S6 Edge Promotion Leaked Ahead Of MWC Announcement. 2015/02/26 9:17pm PST Feb 26, 2015. PSA: Google Wallet 'Tap And Pay' Functionality Appears To Be Working On Most KitKat Updates For Devices On Isis Carriers. 2014/02/26 3:09pm PST Feb 26, 2014. Adobe Releases Photoshop Touch For Phones, Pisses Off Tablet Users By Making It A Separate $5 App. 2013/02/26 9:27pm PST Feb 26, 2013. [MWC 2012] Samsung Announces Galaxy S WiFi 4.2, For The Android Lovers Who Don't Need A Phone. 2012/02/26 11:58pm PST Feb 26, 2012. Public Beta Of FullHDMI Released, Lets You Mirror Your EVO's Screen On Your HDTV. 2011/02/26 5:51pm PST Feb 26, 2011. Hands on with the Nokia 1, Nokia 6 (2018), Nokia 7 Plus, and Nokia 8 Sirocco. 2018/02/25 7:33am PST Feb 25, 2018. Chrome OS may soon be able to run Linux applications in a container. 2018/02/25 10:00am PST Feb 25, 2018. Galaxy S9 and S9+ US pre-orders, pricing, release date, and more. 2018/02/25 8:59am PST Feb 25, 2018. Samsung's Galaxy S9 is official: Fingerprint sensor finally in the right place. 2018/02/25 8:59am PST Feb 25, 2018. Nokia smartphones will be Android One devices going forward. 2018/02/25 7:27am PST Feb 25, 2018. [Update x2: Hotfix supplement] Google changed the build number format in Oreo—here's how to read it. 2018/02/20 8:21pm PST Feb 20, 2018. [Update: Now official, more devices supported] Google releasing ARCore 1.0 at MWC, but it seems to be rolling out early. 2018/02/23 8:26am PST Feb 23, 2018. [Update x2: Rollout resumed] Samsung halts Android 8.0 Oreo rollout to Galaxy S8 and S8+. 2018/02/22 3:55pm PST Feb 22, 2018. Hands-on: Google's 'Reply' gives other apps concise Smart Replies - when it isn't throwing shade. 2018/02/20 2:41pm PST Feb 20, 2018. Google Home v1.27 includes several cosmetic changes and shortcuts, smaller APK, and hints at new devices and reversible controls [APK Teardown]. 2018/02/20 12:33pm PST Feb 20, 2018. [Update: APK now available] Google releases Assistant Go app on the Play Store. 2018/02/06 4:45am PST Feb 6, 2018. [Update x2: Hotfix supplement] Google changed the build number format in Oreo—here's how to read it. 2018/02/20 8:21pm PST Feb 20, 2018. Google's Calculator app hits 100 million downloads on the Play Store. 2018/01/31 9:34pm PST Jan 31, 2018. [Update: Now official, more devices supported] Google releasing ARCore 1.0 at MWC, but it seems to be rolling out early. 2018/02/23 8:26am PST Feb 23, 2018. LG settles bootloop lawsuit: Members get $425 in cash or a $700 LG phone rebate [Update: Only for plaintiffs of the initial case]. 2018/01/31 2:09pm PST Jan 31, 2018. Notice a bug? Let us know here. 117 queries | 0.485s | hive. Android is a trademark of Google Inc. | © Illogical Robot LLC, 2009-2018. 
110% Low Price Guarantee + 90-Day Returns. All of your information is secured and transmitted utilizing the highest level of Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) encryption. LG X Venture - Phone Cases & Covers. Alcatel Fierce 4 - TPU Case, Clear. Check Out Our Other Styles Below. LG X Venture -Splash Guardz Waterproof Case with Lanyard, Blue. Universal fit for most mobile devices. Completely waterproof for up to 20 feet. Dimensions: 6 (H) x 3.2 (W) x 0.6 (D) in.. LG X Venture -LUXMO EXEC Series Hand-Crafted Horizontal Leather Case with Belt Clip, Black. Executive Hand-Crafted Horizontal Leather Carrying Case. Dimensions: 3.3 (H) x 6.22 (W) x 0.6 (D) in.. LG X Venture -Splash Guardz Waterproof Case with Lanyard, Lime Green. Universal fit for most mobile devices. Completely waterproof for up to 20 feet. Dimensions: 6 (H) x 3.2 (W) x 0.6 (D) in.. LG X Venture -Splash Guardz Waterproof Case with Lanyard, Orange. Universal fit for most mobile devices. Completely waterproof for up to 20 feet. Dimensions: 6 (H) x 3.2 (W) x 0.6 (D) in.. LG X Venture -Luxmo Horizontal Marble Leather Carrying Case with Belt Clip, Black. Luxmo Black Horizontal Marble Leather Carrying Case. High-quality leatherette with reinforced stitching and sealed seams. Protects against minor bumps and shocks. Dimensions: 3.3 (H) x 6.22 (W) x 0.6 (D) in.. LG X Venture -Luxmo Horizontal Marble Leather Carrying Case with Belt Clip, Black. Luxmo Black Horizontal Marble Leather Carrying Case. High-quality leatherette with reinforced stitching and sealed seams. Interior lined with soft neoprene fabric. Protects against minor bumps and shocks. Dimensions: 3.3 (H) x 6.22 (W) x 0.6 (D) in.. LG X Venture -LUXMO EXECUTIVE SERIES LEATHER CARRYING CASE WITH BELT CLIP, BLACK. Dimensions: 3.46 (H) x 6.6 (W) x 0.31 (D) in.. LG X Venture -Splash Guardz Waterproof Case with Lanyard, Red. Universal fit for most mobile devices. Completely waterproof for up to 20 feet. Dimensions: 6 (H) x 3.2 (W) x 0.6 (D) in.. LG X Venture -Splash Guardz Waterproof Case with Lanyard, Blue Camo. Universal fit for most mobile devices. Completely waterproof for up to 20 feet. Package includes: Soft velcro strap and lanyard. Dimensions: 6 (H) x 3.2 (W) x 0.6 (D) in.. LG X Venture -Slim vegan leather folio sleeve wallet with card slots, Black. LG X Venture -Felt Wool SmartPhone Sleeve,Gray. Keeps your phone safe from scratches, dents and cracks. Built-in pocket for cards, cash and other small items. Rounded corners for a comfortable fit in your pocket. LG X Venture -Slim vegan leather folio sleeve wallet with card slots, Camel Brown. LG X Venture -Slim vegan leather folio sleeve wallet with card slots, Dark Blue. LG X Venture -Slim vegan leather folio sleeve wallet with card slots, Gray. LG X Venture -Splash Guardz Camo Waterproof Case with Lanyard, Brown. Universal fit for most mobile devices. Completely waterproof for up to 20 feet. Package includes: Soft velcro strap and lanyard. Dimensions: 6 (H) x 3.2 (W) x 0.6 (D) in.. LG X Venture -Slim vegan leather folio sleeve wallet with card slots, Red. LG X Venture -Mighty Dual Layer Rugged Case with Kickstand, Black/Blue. Durable case prevents dents, bumps and scratches. Built-in kickstand for a hands-free viewing experience. Eye-catching design gives your phone personality. Precision cutouts for camera, speaker and ports. LG X Venture -Mighty Dual Layer Rugged Case with Kickstand, Teal/Black. Durable case prevents dents, bumps and scratches. Built-in kickstand for a hands-free viewing experience. Eye-catching design gives your phone personality. Precision cutouts for camera, speaker and ports. LG X Venture -Mighty Dual Layer Rugged Case with Kickstand, Black/Red. Durable case prevents dents, bumps and scratches. Built-in kickstand for a hands-free viewing experience. Eye-catching design gives your phone personality. Precision cutouts for camera, speaker and ports. LG X Venture -Frosted TPU Case, Blue. Offers unrivaled protection for the {brand-model}. Say goodbye to bumps, dings, dust, nicks and scratches. Allows complete access to all buttons, features and ports. LG X Venture -Liquid Glitter Quicksand Flexible TPU Case, Clear/Purple. Shock-Proof Bendable Flexible Hybrid Cover Case. Gllitter Quicksand Colorful Cover adds value and fashion statement to your phone's look. Protect your phone from unwanted scratches and damage from abrupt falls. Cover is fully designed to allow complete functionality of your phone's functions. Glitter Quicksand acts like a slow waterfall trickling down in the direction of our phone's movements.. LG X Venture -Frosted TPU Case, Gray. Offers unrivaled protection for the {brand-model}. Say goodbye to bumps, dings, dust, nicks and scratches. Allows complete access to all buttons, features and ports. LG X Venture -Frosted TPU Case, Clear. Offers unrivaled protection for the {brand-model}. Say goodbye to bumps, dings, dust, nicks and scratches. Allows complete access to all buttons, features and ports. LG X Venture -Frosted TPU Case, Black. Offers unrivaled protection for the {brand-model}. Say goodbye to bumps, dings, dust, nicks and scratches. Allows complete access to all buttons, features and ports. 
The next video is starting stop. Want to watch this again later?. Sign in to add this video to a playlist.. Sign in to report inappropriate content.. Sign in to make your opinion count.. Sign in to make your opinion count.. The interactive transcript could not be loaded.. Rating is available when the video has been rented.. This feature is not available right now. Read full article ► http://wp.me/p1w6tN-KW8 | Subscribe ► https://goo.gl/DjhlnE Follow us: http://twitter.com/9to5Google/ http://facebook.com/9to5Google/ http://twitter.com/hayatohuseman/ Other channels: http://youtube.com/9to5Mac/ http://youtube.com/electrekco/ http://youtube.com/9to5Toys/. When autoplay is enabled, a suggested video will automatically play next.. LG X Venture Review: The Niche [4K]. The Super Smartphone You've Never Heard Of.... A Budget Alternative to the Galaxy S8 Active ! | LG X Venture. Samsung Galaxy S7 active VS LG X venture - at&t. LG X venture™ Full Features and Specs | AT&T. LG X Venture hands on: Ruggedized mid-ranger for $330. LG X Venture Review: Made for Adventure. LG X venture™ Overview and Specs | AT&T. LG X Venture Review: A Cheap Phone, but Durability is Expensive. LG V30 - PROVED Hi-Fi DAC Works! - REVIEW. 5 Reasons Why The LG V30 is Better Than The Galaxy Note 8. The Best Midrange Smartphones [Early 2018]. LG G6 Review: Just right or Blow your socks off?. Samsung Galaxy S8 vs LG G6 - Which would you choose?. Best Android Phones of 2017 (So Far). LG V30 Review: A force to be reckoned with. LG X Venture Full Phone Specifications, LG X Venture 2017 Price, Release Date, Specs, Features. Sign in to add this to Watch Later. 
Menu Login Sign Up. Find the Best Cell Phone and Plan for You. Wirefly helps you save on cell phones and plans by offering innovative comparison tools so consumers can make educated choices. Compare Phones and Plans Compare Cell Phones. How Much Data Do I Need. Wirefly helps you save on Internet service by offering innovative comparison tools to compare Internet providers in your area.. Compare Internet by ZIP Code Compare Internet & TV Bundles Compare Business Internet. Test your current internet connection with our speed test and see what services your provider can handle. Find out your download speed, upload speed, latency, and more.. Test Your Internet Speed Internet Speed Test. Compare Cell Phones > LG. Purchase with a plan or or. Motorola RAZR V3 Dolce & Gabbana. DROID RAZR MAXX HD by Motorola. The LG X Venture is a rugged 4G LTE smartphone that runs on Android 7.0 Nougat out of its box. It comes with a 5.2-inch IPS LCD display and 1920x1080 resolution and 424ppi. It is equipped with a 1.4GHz Octa-Core Qualcomm Snapdragon 435 processor with 2GB of RAM and the Adreno 505 GPU. The device comes with onboard storage of 32GB, which may be expanded by up to 256GB through a microSD card. For photos, the device has a 16-megapixel main camera with 1080p HD video recording. In front, there is a 5-megapixel camera. The LG X Venture comes with a 4,100 mAh non-removable battery, NFC, and a fingerprint scanner. It comes in two colors- Black and Chocolate Brown.. Looks like there are no reviews yet, be the first to write one now.. Sort by Oldest Latest Negative Positive. Plans Unlocked Specs Media Reviews Deals. - Any - 0 5KB 50MB 30MB 100MB 125MB 150MB 200MB 250MB 300MB 334MB 350MB 375MB 400MB 500MB 600MB 625MB 700MB 800MB 834MB 900MB 938MB 1GB 1.2GB 1.5GB 1.6GB 2GB 2.03GB 2.5GB 3GB 3.7GB 4GB 5GB 6GB 6.1GB 7GB 7.3GB 8GB 8.5GB 9GB 10GB 11GB 12GB 13GB 14GB 15GB 16GB 18GB 20GB 22GB 23GB 24GB 25GB 30GB 32GB 35GB 40GB 50GB 60GB 80GB 85GB 100GB 120GB 150GB 200GB Unlimited. - Any - AT&T Atlantis Telecom Boost Mobile Cricket SpeedTalk Mobile BOOM Mobile CREDO Mobile GIV Mobile MetroPCS Net10 Pix Wireless Project Fi Pure TalkUSA Red Pocket Mobile ROK Mobile Republic Wireless Sprint Straight Talk Ting T-Mobile TextNow Tello Teltik TPO Mobile Twigby US Mobile Verizon Wireless Virgin Mobile. - Any - Monthly/No Contract Prepaid. Sort by: Price Carrier Minutes Data. Expert Review User reviews. Get $100 off iPhone X with code VZWDEAL. Limited Time Offer on Teal Plastic Tablecloth, 108" x 54".. Limited Time Offer on U Brands Contempo Magnetic Monthly Calendar Dry Erase Board, 11 x 14 Inches, White Frame.. Limited Time Offer on TOPS Money Receipt Book, 2-Part, Carbonless, 2-3/4 x 7-1/8 Inches, 4 Receipts per Page, 400 Sets per Book (46816).. Limited Time Offer on Moda At Home Inc 454033 LUX Microfiber Bath Rug with Non-Skid Backing, Ideal for Double Sink Area, 20-Inch X 64-Inch, Grey.. Limited Time Offer on Adorable Hello Kitty Rainbow Birthday Party Invitations Cards Supply (8 Pack), Pink, 6 1/4" x 4 1/4".. Limited Time Offer on AT-A-GLANCE Weekly Appointment Book / Planner 2017, Tabbed Address Section, 4-7/8 x 8" (70-100-05).. Limited Time Offer on Designer Stencils Damask Cake Stencil Side (4.5"H x 12.5"W).. Limited Time Offer on LG 230W Hi-Fi System with Bluetooth Connectivity (Certified Refurbished).. Google Lens lands on other non.... Google: Over 40 phone and carr.... Galaxy S9 could hit stores on.... LG to announce new models of K.... Report: Verizon is tops in App.... Apple rolls out fix for messag.... iPhone Stuck on Black Screen and Ho.... Why is iMessage Not Working and How.... How to transfer phone contacts from.... iPhone Won't Charge and How To.... iPhone Apps Won't Update and H.... All You Need to Know About Sprint L.... Guide to Verizon Wireless Device Pa.... Find the Best Cell Phone and Plan for You. Wirefly helps you save on cell phones and plans by offering innovative comparison tools so consumers can make educated choices. Find The Best TV and Internet Providers For You. Paying too much for Internet or TV service? Use our tool to compare Internet providers, TV providers, and bundled services.. Samsung Galaxy J3 Eclipse Samsung Galaxy J3 Mission Samsung Galaxy J7 Prime Samsung Galaxy J7 V Samsung J3 Prime ZTE Majesty Pro LG Stylo 3 PLUS LG K20 V ZTE Z233VL ZTE ZFive 2. Wirefly Is America's Most Trusted Source For All Cell Phones, Plans, TV, and Internet Deals. Wirefly offers great deals on a large selection of smartphones, cell phones, tablets, mobile hotspots, and other wireless devices for the nation's most popular carriers. Use Wirefly’s innovative cell phone and plan comparison tools to ensure you are getting the best deal on the market. Shop with confidence knowing that Wirefly wants to help you find the best prices on cell phones, cell phone plans, TV, and Internet service.. Privacy Policy | Term of Use | Contact | About Us. WireFly.com © 2018 All Rights Reserved. 
Backpacks and Bags Color Case Series. Constructed of impact absorbing materials (elastomer inside a rigid polycarbonate shell). Easy to use holster with swiveling belt clip. Guaranteed For Life: You break it, we replace it...forever.™. Slim design with soft-touch over-mold is easy to hold and won't slide off surfaces. Tested to Military Specifications to survive multiple drops. The Pelican Voyager case is your first line of defense against rugged drops, invasive dirt particles and. Multiple layers of rigid polycarbonate and energy-absorbing TPR work together. Pelican Products, the leader in mission-critical equipment protection, has been trusted by professionals for over 35 years. The same Pelican DNA that has protected our armed forces, emergency and scientific equipment through the harshest environments on Earth is now available to protect your personal smartphones, tablets and more.. EXTERIOR (L X W X D). (16.6 x 9.5 x 3.7 cm). For warranty information, see our Guarantee of Excellence. For additional support, contact us here. Design Your Own Foam Survival Stories. All trademarks are registered and/or unregistered trademarks of Pelican Products, Inc., its subsidiaries and/or affiliates.. sign up to get the latest from Pelican. 
