GSM 850 / 900 / 1800 / 1900 - SIM 1 & SIM 2 (dual-SIM model only). HSDPA 850 / 900 / 1900 / 2100 - K500N. LTE band 1(2100), 3(1800), 7(2600), 8(900), 20(800) - K500N. LTE band 3(1800), 7(2600), 20(800), 38(2600) - K500DS. HSPA 42.2/5.76 Mbps, LTE Cat4 150/50 Mbps. 142.6 x 71.8 x 7.1 mm (5.61 x 2.83 x 0.28 in). Single SIM (Nano-SIM) or Dual SIM (Nano-SIM, dual stand-by). IPS LCD capacitive touchscreen, 16M colors. 4.93 inches, 67.0 cm 2 (~65.4% screen-to-body ratio). 720 x 1280 pixels, 16:9 ratio (~298 ppi density). - Secondary display, 80 x 520 pixels, 1.76 inches. microSD, up to 256 GB (dedicated slot). 13 MP, f/2.2, autofocus, LED flash. Geo-tagging, touch focus, face detection, panorama. Wi-Fi 802.11 b/g/n, Wi-Fi Direct, DLNA, hotspot. SMS(threaded view), MMS, Email, Push Mail, IM. Up to 120 h (2G) / Up to 120 h (3G). Up to 9 h (2G) / Up to 14 h (3G). Versions: K500N (Europe); LG X view K500DS (Russia). We can not guarantee that the information on this page is 100% correct. LG X screen - user opinions and reviews. could form a 6.7 inch screen in total.. I bought ths x screen a week ago. And it is a good cellphone with a cheap price. Now I don't have to see my watch to see the time, why?The 2nd screen always on to show the time! I love ths phone. I bought it only at 117Usd. -- When will this phone be updated to Android Nougat 7 ???. -- Note that the J5 2016 has been updated and it carries the same specification (Ram,CPU. ....) located in the X screen. Samsung Apple Nokia Sony LG HTC Motorola Huawei Microsoft Lenovo Xiaomi Google Acer Asus Oppo OnePlus Meizu BlackBerry Alcatel ZTE Toshiba Vodafone Energizer XOLO Lava Micromax BLU Gionee vivo LeEco Panasonic HP YU verykool Maxwest Plum. LG X power LG X cam LG K10 (2017) LG K8 LG Q6 Oppo A83. LG V30 LG G6 LG Q6 LG V20 LG G5 LG K10 (2018). 
To properly experience our LG.com website,. you will need to use an alternate browser or upgrade to a newer version of internet Explorer (IE10 or greater).. Right click at the top of your browser and make sure the “Menu Bar” option is selected. Select “Tools” from the menu bar and then select “Compatibility View settings”. In the pop-up menu uncheck all three boxes and click “Close”. Your browser window will automatically refresh and you’ll be ready to go. The LG.com website utilizes responsive design to provide convenient experience that conforms to your devices screen size. In order to get the best possible experience our LG.COM website please follow below instructions.. If you’re using Internet Explorer 8 or earlier, you will need to use an alternate browser such as Firefox or Chrome or upgrade to a newer version of internet Explorer (IE10 or greater) .. If you’re using Internet Explorer 10 and higher, turn off your Internet Explorer browser’s “Compatibility View settings” by following steps below:. LG SIGNATURE Products Support. Products OLED TVs Refrigerator Washing Machine Air Purifier. TV/Audio/Video Computers Mobiles Appliances Air Solutions. TVs All TVs OLED TVs SUPER UHD 4K TVs UHD 4K TVs Full HD TVs. Home Video Blu-ray Players. Home Audio Soundbars Portable Speakers. Mobile Phones Find the Right Mobile Phones All Mobile Phones 4G Phones. Mobile Phone Accessories Pocket Photo Printer Tone Series. All LG Mobile Phones LG Friends Tablets G Watch Mobile Phone Accessories. Refrigerators Find the Right Refrigerators All Refrigerators Top Freezer Bottom Freezer Refrigerators Side by Side Refrigerators Bar Fridges Multi Door Refrigerators. Washing Machines Find the Right Washing Machines All Washing Machines Front Load Washing Machines Top Load Washing Machines TWIN Load Dryers Washer Dryers LG Styler. Vacuum Cleaners Robot Vacuums Bed Vacuum Cleaners CordZero. Home Air Conditioners Multi Split Inverter Air Conditioners Single Split Inverter Air Conditioners Window Air Conditioners. Guide & Download How-to & Tips Video Tutorials Manuals Software & Firmware. Contact Email Telephone Inquiry Status Customer feedback. Repair & Warranty Request a Repair Track Repair Locate Repair Center Warranty. Additional Support Parts & Accessories Announcements Document Upload. My Account My Profile My Products My Inquiry Status. Search Search. Promotions News Singapore / English. Welcome Sign out. Strength meets style with a sleek design and Glass fiber–its higher resistance to impact keeps its glass-like aesthetics in great condition.. AUTO SHOT The Auto Shot feature uses face detection to automatically take a selfie after a few seconds. You don’t even have to press the shutter button. SELFIE FLASH The Selfie Flash feature lights up the screen, allowing you to take brighter, clearer selfies even in dim conditions.. ALWAYS ON Whether you are catching a movie or caught in a meeting, the Second Screen lets you inconspicuously check and access all features on five different toolbars without the bright distraction of the main screen.. There are no expert reviews yet for this product.. Simply choose a support option from the icons below:. Call an LG Support Representative at. Monday to Friday: 8.30am to 6.00pm Saturday: 8.30am to 2.00pm Sunday & Public Holiday: Closed. Design, features and specifications subject to change without notice. Some features in videos may not be available on all models. Please refer to the TECHNICAL SPECIFICATIONS tab for a complete list of features by model.. Select Country/Language: Singapore / English. LG SIGNATURE Brand Story Discover LG SIGNATURE Products OLED TVs Refrigerator Washing Machine Air Purifier LG SIGNATURE OLED TV TV/Audio/Video TVs All TVs OLED TVs SUPER UHD 4K TVs UHD 4K TVs Full HD TVs Home Video Blu-ray Players Home Audio Soundbars Portable Speakers LG Apps TV Computers Consumer Monitors Laptops Mobiles Mobile Phones Find the Right Mobile Phones All Mobile Phones 4G Phones LG Friends Tablets G Watch Mobile Phone Accessories Pocket Photo Printer Tone Series LG SmartWorld Appliances Refrigerators Find the Right Refrigerators All Refrigerators Top Freezer Bottom Freezer Refrigerators Side by Side Refrigerators Bar Fridges Multi Door Refrigerators Microwave Ovens Washing Machines Find the Right Washing Machines All Washing Machines Front Load Washing Machines Top Load Washing Machines TWIN Load Dryers Washer Dryers LG Styler Vacuum Cleaners Robot Vacuums Bed Vacuum Cleaners CordZero Dishwashers 6 Motion Washer Air Solutions Air Purifier Home Air Conditioners Multi Split Inverter Air Conditioners Single Split Inverter Air Conditioners Window Air Conditioners Support Register a Product Guide & Download How-to & Tips Video Tutorials Manuals Software & Firmware Contact Email Telephone Inquiry Status Customer feedback Repair & Warranty Request a Repair Track Repair Locate Repair Center Warranty Additional Support Parts & Accessories Announcements Document Upload My Account My Profile My Products My Inquiry Status Glossary Promotion Terms & Conditions Promotions Where to buy About LG Our Brand Career Press & Media Sustainability LG Live. SITEMAP PRIVACY LEGAL Accessibility Help. This is LG Electronics' official homepage. If you want to connect to LG Corp., or other LG affiliates, please click. 
Home Shop MWC News Reviews Features Opinions Videos The Gadgets 360 Show Cell Guru Prime Tech Smartphone Reviews Tech and Gadget Reviews How-To Videos Video Game Reviews and Features Top Lists by Gadgets 360 Unboxing and Hands-On Videos Podcasts Compare Mobiles Phone Finder DEALS. Mobiles Tablets Apps Gaming Cameras PC/Laptops AUDIO/VIDEO How To Telecom Science INDIA INTERNET SOCIAL MEDIA WEARABLES हिंदी. Acer Adcom Alcatel Apple Archos Asus BlackBerry Blu Celkon Coolpad Datawind Fly Gionee HTC Huawei iBall iBerry Idea InFocus Intex iVoomi Jivi Karbonn Lava LeEco Lenovo LG Lyf Maxx Mobile Meizu Micromax Microsoft Motorola MTS Nokia Obi Oppo Panasonic Philips Ringing Bells Samsung Sony Spice Swipe Videocon Vivo Wickedleak Xiaomi Xolo Yu Zen Ziox Zopo ZTE. Home Mobiles Phone Finder LG X screen. SPECIFICATIONS USER REVIEWS NEWS. Share on Facebook Tweet Share Share Email Reddit. LG X screen smartphone was launched in February 2016. The phone comes with a 4.93-inch touchscreen display with a resolution of 720 pixels by 1280 pixels. LG X screen price in India starts from Rs. The LG X screen is powered by 1.2GHz quad-core Qualcomm Snapdragon 410 processor and it comes with 2GB of RAM. The phone packs 16GB of internal storage that can be expanded up to 128GB via a microSD card. As far as the cameras are concerned, the LG X screen packs a 13-megapixel primary camera on the rear and a 8-megapixel front shooter for selfies. The LG X screen runs Android 6.0.1 and is powered by a 2300mAh non removable battery. It measures 142.60 x 71.80 x 7.10 (height x width x thickness) and weigh 120.00 grams. The LG X screen is a single SIM (GSM) smartphone that accepts a Nano-SIM. Connectivity options include Wi-Fi, GPS, Bluetooth, FM, 3G and 4G (with support for Band 40 used by some LTE networks in India). Sensors on the phone include Compass Magnetometer, Proximity sensor, Accelerometer and Ambient light sensor.. REVIEW KEY SPECS NEWS Price in india. Design Display Software Performance Battery Life Camera Value for Money. Good Ergonomic design Good battery life Second screen is useful Display has good colours Bad Dated processor Underwhelming cameras No USB OTG Pricing could be better. Read detailed LG X screen review. LG X screen Launched in India: Price, Release Date, Specifications, and More. LG X screen India Launch Set for Monday. More LG mobiles LG mobiles price in India. LG X screen Price in India X Screen (Black, 16GB) Rs. 7,984 X screen (Pink Gold, 16GB) Rs. Alternate names K500I Release date February 2016 Form factor Touchscreen Dimensions (mm) 142.60 x 71.80 x 7.10 Weight (g) 120.00 Battery capacity (mAh) 2300 Removable battery No Colours Black, White, Pink Gold SAR value 0.98. Screen size (inches) 4.93 Touchscreen Yes Resolution 720x1280 pixels. Processor 1.2GHz quad-core Processor make Qualcomm Snapdragon 410 RAM 2GB Internal storage 16GB Expandable storage Yes Expandable storage type microSD Expandable storage up to (GB) 128. Rear camera 13-megapixel Rear Flash Yes Front camera 8-megapixel Front Flash No. Operating System Android 6.0.1 Skin LG UI 5.0. Wi-Fi Yes Wi-Fi standards supported 802.11 b/g/n GPS Yes Bluetooth Yes, v 4.10 NFC No Infrared No USB OTG No Headphones 3.5mm FM Yes Number of SIMs 1 SIM 1 SIM Type Nano-SIM GSM/CDMA GSM 3G Yes 4G/ LTE Yes Supports 4G in India (Band 40) Yes. Compass/ Magnetometer Yes Proximity sensor Yes Accelerometer Yes Ambient light sensor Yes Gyroscope No Barometer No Temperature sensor No. Error or missing information? Please let us know. User ratings and reviews for LG X screen. 4 Out of 5. 5 Star 4 Star 1 3 Star 2 Star 1 Star. LG X screen Launched in India: Price, Release Date, Specifications, and More. LG X screen India Launch Set for Monday. LG X cam, X screen Start Rolling Out Globally. LG V30S+ ThinQ LG V30S ThinQ LG K8 (2018) LG K10a (2018) LG K10+ (2018) LG K10 (2018) LG X4+ LG Signature Edition LG K7i LG V30+ LG V30 LG Q8 LG Q6a LG Q6 LG Q6+ LG G6+ LG X500 LG X venture LG Stylo 3 Plus LG X power2 LG X400 LG G6 LG X300 LG Stylus 3 LG K3 (2017) LG K4 (2017) LG K8 (2017) LG K10 (2017) LG U LG V34. Apple iPhone 6s Plus LG X Screen vs. Huawei Ascend P8lite Gionee Pioneer P5l 2016 vs. Apple iPhone 6s Plus LG X Screen vs. Lenovo Vibe Shot LG X Screen vs. LG X Cam LG G5 Se vs. Samsung Galaxy S7 Edge vs. Sony Xperia Z1 F LG X Style vs. LG X Cam Motorola Moto G5 vs. LG X Screen LG X Power vs. LG X Screen LG X Screen vs. Microsoft Lumia 640 Xl Lte Dual Sim. Nokia 7 Plus Is an Android One Phone With Dual Rear Cameras, Zeiss Optics Samsung Galaxy S9, Galaxy S9+ Pre-Orders Now Open in India Samsung Galaxy S9, Galaxy S9+ With Improved Cameras, AR Emoji Launched Nokia 8110 4G Is a 'Slider' Feature Phone With Google, Facebook Apps OnePlus 5, OnePlus 5T HD Content Streaming Issue Fixed, With a Catch Vodafone to Offer 4.5GB Data Per Day for 28 Days at Rs. 799: Report Samsung Galaxy S9 a Worthy Upgrade? A Look at What's New Nokia 8 Sirocco With Dual Cameras, Stainless Steel Frame Launched at MWC Nokia 6 (2018) Android One Phone With Snapdragon 630 Launched at MWC 2018 Nokia 7 Plus vs Nokia 7. Samsung phones price list Lyf phones price list Micromax phones price list Sony phones price list Htc phones price list Lenovo phones price list Intex phones price list Lava phones price list Apple phones price list Nokia phones price list Xolo phones price list Lg phones price list Vivo phones price list Oppo phones price list Gionee phones price list Motorola phones price list Blackberry phones price list Xiaomi phones price list. Sitemaps Archives Advertise About Us Feedback Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions Complaint Redressal Careers Contact Us RSS Ethics LG X Screen in Hindi. © Copyright Red Pixels Ventures Limited 2018. Subject Comments. 
The source for Tech Buying Advice. More Car Tech. Tech deals, prizes and latest news. The mid-range phone with the always-on second screen. This reasonably-priced Android smartphone feels great in the hand and performs well, but its unusual secondary screen and front-facing camera aren't the killer features they're cracked up to be.. Second screen makes it stand out. Second screen bit of a gimmick. Design Thanks to e2save for suppling us with the LG X Screen to review. With a name like LG X Screen, you might expect LG's latest to have a huge or super-sharp display. In fact, it's a lot more interesting than that.. This is a mid-range, modestly sized Android smartphone with a decidedly outlandish component: a secondary 'ticker' screen positioned immediately above the main one. If that sounds familiar, you're right, as this setup first debuted on LG V10 and LG V20 in the US.. Otherwise, it's a quietly accomplished phone that will give you a polished Android experience for a reasonable price of around £200, US$360 (roughly AU$485).. Of course, the brand new Moto G4 has better specs for even less money, so LG's stand-out features will need to make a telling contribution.. The LG X Screen arrives at a time when mid-range Android phones are starting to boast singular high-end components on their spec sheets. Sony has launched a whole range dedicated to this concept in the Sony Xperia X family.. LG has followed suit, with the LG X Screen accompanied by the LG X Cam , which specializes in - you guessed it - the rear camera department.. However, the LG X Screen's headline component is far from the best thing about this phone, which is a bit of a concern.. It looks rather like LG has taken a few design pointers from its great local rival, Samsung, in the look of the LG X Screen. The rear of the handset, in particular, looks quite a lot like the Samsung Galaxy S7 - or rather, given the timing of the X Screen's announcement, the Samsung Galaxy S6 .. It's in the phone's all-glass back, which lends a familiar sense of precarious class, and in the shape and positioning of its rear camera.. Flicking the phone over to its side, you'll notice that it's quite thin - just 7.1mm to be precise. But you'll also notice the telltale sign that this is not a premium device in the dreaded faux-metal plastic edging.. The LG X Screen's rounded edges are a curious blend of ugly brushed aluminum-effect plastic sandwiched between two thinner sections of plain black plastic, though it's actually all a single piece.. I wish LG had just made it all black, as it would at least have had a stealthy, unassuming look to it.. Still, this is a largely pleasant phone to hold, thanks to those glass surfaces and rounded edges. It's also quite light at 120g.. Another reason the phone sits so nicely in the hand is because it's a rare sub–5-incher. LG has eschewed the modern trend for larger 5.X-inch screens in favour of a more modest 4.93-inch example.. Single-handed usage is far from an impossibility with the LG X Screen, especially if you have relatively large mitts.. This smaller size also means that the display's 720p resolution doesn't make the negative impression you might have expected. Yes, a 1080p display would have been preferable, but everything looks just about crisp enough at this size.. When you consider that most high-end compact phones, such as the Sony Xperia Z5 Compact and the iPhone 7 , have a similar resolution, there really isn't anything to criticize here. It's not like this phone is compatible with the new Google Daydream View VR headset and needs extra pixels close up.. The picture from this IPS LCD is well balanced and clear, though the colors do appear slightly washed out. I must say that it's not particularly bright even when cranked right up to max, either.. Next Page Key features. You can unsubscribe at any time and we'll never share your details without your permission.. Get the best tech deals, reviews, product advice, competitions, unmissable tech news and more!. 1 Samsung Galaxy S9 release date, price, news and features. 2 Samsung Galaxy S9 launch: as it happened. 3 Samsung Galaxy S9 live stream: how to watch today's big launch event. 4 MWC 2018: All the latest news from the show. 5 How to watch Arsenal v Man City live stream online for the Carabao Cup final NOW. 2 Samsung Galaxy S9 Plus review. 3 Samsung Galaxy S9 release date, price, news and features. 4 Samsung Galaxy S9 launch: as it happened. 5 BlackBerry: 'we understand we are not for everyone' but 'we're here to stay'. TechRadar is part of Future plc, an international media group and leading digital publisher. England and Wales company registration number 2008885.. 
Select the department you want to search in. Sign in Account & Lists Sign in Account & Lists Orders Try Prime Cart. Your Amazon.com Today's Deals Gift Cards Registry Sell Help Disability Customer Support. 1-16 of over 10,000 results for "LG X Screen". LG X Power (16GB) 5.3" Screen with 4,100 mAh Battery, 4G LTE GSM Factory Unlocked Phone US610 - Grey. $134.00 (10 used &amp new offers). Video) with lg -exclusive photo ... HD LCD 720 x 1280 pixels (~277 .... [2-Pack] Supershieldz for LG X Charge Tempered Glass Screen Protector, Anti-Scratch, Anti-Fingerprint, Bubble Free, Lifetime Replacement Warranty. [2-Pack] Supershieldz for LG X Power Tempered Glass Screen Protector, Anti-Scratch, Anti-Fingerprint, Bubble Free, Lifetime Replacement Warranty. $4.46 (3 used &amp new offers). [2 Pack] Orzero For LG X Charge / LG Fiesta LTE / LG K10 Power / LG X Power 2 [ Full Coverage ] Tempered Glass Screen Protector, 2.5D Arc Edges 9 Hardness HD [Lifetime Replacement Warranty]-Black. Specially Designed Full Screen Coverage for LG X Power 2 / LG Fiesta .... [3-PACK]- Mr Shield For LG X Charge [Tempered Glass] Screen Protector [0.3mm Ultra Thin 9H Hardness 2.5D Round Edge] with Lifetime Replacement Warranty. Product Features Include 3 PCS Tempered Glass Screen Protector compatible with LG X Charge. Amazon's Choice for "LG X Screen". [3-PACK]-Mr Shield For LG X Power [Tempered Glass] Screen Protector with Lifetime Replacement Warranty. Product Features Include 3 PCS Tempered Glass Screen Protector compatible with LG X Power. sunways Outer Glass Lens Screen Replacement for LG X power2 X500 X Charge M320G(Black). Only 15 left in stock - order soon.. Product Features Compatible with LG X power2 X500 X Charge M320G. [3-PACK]- Mr Shield For LG X Venture [Tempered Glass] Screen Protector [0.3mm Ultra Thin 9H Hardness 2.5D Round Edge] with Lifetime Replacement Warranty. Product Features Include 3 PCS Tempered Glass Screen Protector compatible with LG X Venture. [2-Pack] Supershieldz for LG X Venture Tempered Glass Screen Protector, Anti-Scratch, Anti-Fingerprint, Bubble Free, Lifetime Replacement Warranty. Supershieldz for LG G Pad X 10.1 Tempered Glass Screen Protector, Anti-Scratch, Anti-Fingerprint, Bubble Free, Lifetime Replacement Warranty. Screen from Scratches and Drops Specifically designed For LG G Pad X .... [6-Pack] Supershieldz for LG X Charge Screen Protector, Anti-Bubble High Definition Clear Shield + Lifetime Replacements Warranty- Retail Packaging. Product Features Pre-cut to fit your screen exactly .. [5-PACK]- Mr Shield For LG X Charge [Tempered Glass] Screen Protector [0.3mm Ultra Thin 9H Hardness 2.5D Round Edge] with Lifetime Replacement Warranty. Product Features Include 5 PCS Tempered Glass Screen Protector compatible with LG X Charge. LG G PAD X 8.0 Screen protector, KuGi ® LG G PAD X 8.0 –High Quality 9H Hardness HD clear Tempered Glass Screen Protector for LG G PAD X 8.0 tablet. designed tempered GLASS screen protector for LG G PAD X 8.0 tablet. LG X Power 2 M320 Case, LG Fiesta LTE Case, LG X Charge Case, LG Fiesta 2 Case, with TJS [Tempered Glass Screen Protector] Shock Absorbing Armor Case Cover Carbon Fiber Back with Hard TPU Inner Layer. Product Features Perfect compatible with LG X Power 2 M320/LG Fiesta LTE/LG X Charge/LG Fiesta 2. LG X venture Screen Protector [2 Pack] - OMOTON Tempered Glass Screen Protector for LG X venture Screen (2017 Released) with [9H Hardness] [Crystal Clear] [Scratch Resist] [No-Bubble]. Only 1 left in stock - order soon.. Adhesive makes it easy to install this LG X venture Screen Protector. LG G Pad X 8.0 / G Pad III 8.0 2 Pack Screen Protector,[0.3mm/2.5D] Ultra Clear Scratch-Resistant 9H Hardness Screen Protector for LG GPad X 8.0 V521 / GPad 3 8.0 V525 Tablet 2016 (2 pack). 15% off item with purchase of 1 items and 3 more promotions. 15% off item with purchase of 1 items 10% off item with purchase of 1 items 15% off item with purchase of 1 items See Details. to be perfectly fit for the LG GPad X 8.0 V521 / GPad 3 8.0 V525 .... 4 Stars & Up & Up. 3 Stars & Up & Up. 2 Stars & Up & Up. 1 Star & Up & Up. All customers get FREE Shipping on orders over $25 shipped by Amazon. Cell Phone Cases, Holsters & Clips. There's a problem loading this menu right now.. Get fast, free shipping with Amazon Prime. Prime members enjoy FREE Two-Day Shipping and exclusive access to music, movies, TV shows, original audio series, and Kindle books.. Careers About Amazon Investor Relations Amazon Devices. Sell on Amazon Sell Your Services on Amazon Sell on Amazon Business Sell Your Apps on Amazon Become an Affiliate Advertise Your Products Self-Publish with Us › See all. Amazon Rewards Visa Signature Cards Amazon.com Store Card Amazon.com Corporate Credit Line Shop with Points Credit Card Marketplace Reload Your Balance Amazon Currency Converter. Your Account Your Orders Shipping Rates & Policies Amazon Prime Returns & Replacements Manage Your Content and Devices Amazon Assistant Help. Amazon Music Stream millions of songs. Amazon Drive Cloud storage from Amazon. 6pm Score deals on fashion brands. AbeBooks Books, art & collectibles. ACX Audiobook Publishing Made Easy. Alexa Actionable Analytics for the Web. Amazon Business Everything For Your Business. AmazonFresh Groceries & More Right To Your Door. AmazonGlobal Ship Orders Internationally. Home Services Handpicked Pros Happiness Guarantee. Amazon Inspire Digital Educational Resources. Amazon Rapids Fun stories for kids on the go. Amazon Restaurants Food delivery from local restaurants. Amazon Video Direct Video Distribution Made Easy. Amazon Web Services Scalable Cloud Computing Services. Audible Download Audio Books. AudiobookStand Discount Audiobooks on Disc. Book Depository Books With Free Delivery Worldwide. Box Office Mojo Find Movie Box Office Data. ComiXology Thousands of Digital Comics. CreateSpace Indie Print Publishing Made Easy. DPReview Digital Photography. East Dane Designer Men's Fashion. Fabric Sewing, Quilting & Knitting. Goodreads Book reviews & recommendations. IMDb Movies, TV & Celebrities. IMDbPro Get Info Entertainment Professionals Need. Junglee.com Shop Online in India. Kindle Direct Publishing Indie Digital Publishing Made Easy. Prime Now FREE 2-Hour Delivery on Everyday Items. Prime Photos Unlimited Photo Storage Free With Prime. Shopbop Designer Fashion Brands. TenMarks.com Math Activities for Kids & Schools. Warehouse Deals Open-Box Discounts. Whole Foods Market America’s Healthiest Grocery Store. Withoutabox Submit to Film Festivals. Woot! Deals and Shenanigans. Zappos Shoes & Clothing. Souq.com Shop Online in the Middle East. Subscribe with Amazon Discover & try subscription services. Conditions of Use Privacy Notice Interest-Based Ads © 1996-2018, Amazon.com, Inc. 
To properly experience our LG.com website,. you will need to use an alternate browser or upgrade to a newer version of internet Explorer (IE9 or above).. Right click at the top of your browser and make sure the “Menu Bar” option is selected. Select “Tools” from the menu bar and then select “Compatibility View settings”. In the pop-up menu uncheck all three boxes and click “Close”. Your browser window will automatically refresh and you’ll be ready to go. The LG.com website utilizes responsive design to provide convenient experience that conforms to your devices screen size. In order to get the best possible experience on LG.COM website, please follow below instructions.. If you’re using Internet Explorer 8 or earlier, you will need to use an alternate browser such as Firefox or Chrome. Another option is to upgrade the Iinternet Explorer to a newer version (IE9 or greater) .. If you’re using Internet Explorer 9 and higher, turn off your Internet Explorer browser’s “Compatibility View settings” by following steps below:. LG SIGNATURE Products SUPPORT. Products OLED TVs. TV & Home Entertainment Mobile Home Appliance IT Product. TV All TV OLED TV SUPER UHD 4K TV UHD 4K TV Full HD TV Personal TV TV Accessories. Mobile Phones LG Friends Tablet Wearable Phone Accessories. Refrigerator All Refrigerator Side by Side Refrigerator Top Freezer Refrigerator Bottom Freezer Refrigerator. Washer/ Dryer All Washers & Dryers TWINWash™ Washer Front Load Washer Top Load Washer Combo Washer Dryer Dryer. Air Care All Air Care Air Purifier Dehumidifier. Powerful Washing With Gentle Fabric Care. Store and organize your family favourites better than ever.. Health & freshness for your family. Monitor All Monitor 21:9 UltraWide Monitor 4K Monitor IPS Monitor Gaming Monitor TV Monitor Office Monitor. Optical Storage All Burner and Drive Blu-ray Burner and Drive DVD Burner and Drive. Guide & Download How-to & Tips Video Tutorials Manuals Software & Firmware Sound Bar Installation Guide. Contact EMAIL TELEPHONE Inquiry Status For Customer's Opinion. Repair & Warranty Request a Repair Track Repair Locate Repair Center Warranty. Additional Support Parts & Accessories Announcements Authorized Dealers Register for Gift Redemption Document Upload. My Account My Profile My Products My Repair & Inquiry Status. Search Search. Promotions Hong Kong / English. Welcome Sign out. Second Screen - Alert without Distraction. 4.93" HD In-Cell Touch Display with 1.76" Second Screen. 13MP Rear Camera and Face Detecting 8MP Front Camera. A sleek modern design with a glass front, and glass fiber back more resistant to impact than glass, for long-lasting durable toughness.. Constant convenience, with your own personality. Check and get to what's most important to you, without turning on the main screen. Express yourself in the signature bar, with your name, your favorite words or your motto. Second Screen - Alert without Distraction. Do all you do, and more with direct access to incoming calls, apps, and tools. 4.93" HD In-Cell Touch Display with 1.76" Second Screen. The wide HD In-cell touch display gives you more room to touch, scroll, and browse, while keeping the phone sleek and slim. The Second Screen has your favorite friends, apps, and features just one touch away.. 13MP Rear Camera and Face Detecting 8MP Front Camera. The whopping 13 megapixel rear camera shoots photos with astonishing detail and resolution. Face detecting Auto Shot takes the clumsy out of selfies. No buttons to press or tap, just strike a pose.. Have all your needs met with the LG X screen's 1.2GHz Quad-Core processor capabilities and experience the power to effortlessly multitask.. Enjoy the hassle-free convenience of ample power with the 2,300 mAh embedded battery.. Built to get the best out of the world's most popular platform, the LG X screen is the ultimate Android experience.. WCDMA 850(B5) / 900(B8) / 1900(B2) / 2100(B1) MHz TD-SCDMA 1900 / 2000. 700(B17) / 900(B8) / 1700(B4) / 1800(B3) / 2100(B1) / 2600(B7) MHz. 2600(B38) / 1900(B39) / 2300(B40) / 2600(B41) MHz. Qualcomm® Snapdragon™ 410 1.2GHz Quad Core. DL 150 Mbps, UL 50 Mbps. HSDPA 21.1 Mbps / HSUPA 5.76 Mbps. MP3, WAV, AMR, AAC, OGG, FLAC, MID, XMF. YouTube™ / Gmail ™ / Chrome™ / Google+™ / Hangouts™ / Google Map™ Play. Store™ / Google Search™ / Google Drive™ / Google Photos™ etc.. Accelerometer, Proximity Sensor, Ambient Light Sensor, Digital Compass. Up to 120hrs (2G) / Up to 120hrs (3G). Up to 570 mins (2G) / Up to 780 mins (3G). Simply choose a support option from the icons below:. Call an LG Support Representative on:. Monday to Friday : 09:00 to 19:00 Saturday - Sunday : Close Public Holidays: Close. Purity of Design Glass with class. A sleek modern design with a glass front, and glass fiber back more resistant to impact than glass, for long-lasting durable toughness. Second Screen - Always-on Constant convenience, with your own personality. Check and get to what's most important to you, without turning on the main screen. Express yourself in the signature bar, with your name, your favorite words or your motto. Second Screen - Alert without Distraction Life uninterrupted. Do all you do, and more with direct access to incoming calls, apps, and tools. 4.93" HD In-Cell Touch Display with 1.76" Second Screen Bigger, thinner, lighter. The wide HD In-cell touch display gives you more room to touch, scroll, and browse, while keeping the phone sleek and slim. The Second Screen has your favorite friends, apps, and features just one touch away. 13MP Rear Camera and Face Detecting 8MP Front Camera Pristine pictures, effortless selfies. The whopping 13 megapixel rear camera shoots photos with astonishing detail and resolution. Face detecting Auto Shot takes the clumsy out of selfies. No buttons to press or tap, just strike a pose.. Design, features and specifications subject to change without notice. Some features in videos may not be available on all models. Please refer to the TECHNICAL SPECIFICATIONS tab for a complete list of features by model.. Select Country/Language: Hong Kong / English. LG SIGNATURE Brand Story Discover LG SIGNATURE Products OLED TVs LG SIGNATURE OLED TV TV & Home Entertainment TV All TV OLED TV SUPER UHD 4K TV UHD 4K TV Full HD TV Personal TV TV Accessories Home Theatre System Blu-Ray / DVD Player Sound Bar Home Audio Pocket Photo Printer Learn more about OLED TV Mobile Mobile Phone LG Friends Tablet Wearable Phone Accessories NFC User Guide Authorized Dealers China Warranty for Mobile Phones Home Appliance Refrigerator All Refrigerator Side by Side Refrigerator Top Freezer Refrigerator Bottom Freezer Refrigerator Washer/ Dryer All Washers & Dryers TWINWash™ Washer Front Load Washer Top Load Washer Combo Washer Dryer Dryer Air Care All Air Care Air Purifier Dehumidifier IT Product Personal Computer Monitor All Monitor 21:9 UltraWide Monitor 4K Monitor IPS Monitor Gaming Monitor TV Monitor Office Monitor Projector Optical Storage All Burner and Drive Blu-ray Burner and Drive DVD Burner and Drive 21:9 ULTRAWIDE SUPPORT REGISTER A PRODUCT Guide & Download How-to & Tips Video Tutorials Manuals Software & Firmware Sound Bar Installation Guide Contact EMAIL TELEPHONE Inquiry Status For Customer's Opinion Repair & Warranty Request a Repair Track Repair Locate Repair Center Warranty Additional Support Parts & Accessories Announcements Authorized Dealers Register for Gift Redemption Document Upload My Account My Profile My Products My Repair & Inquiry Status GLOSSARY About LG Our Brand Press&Media Promotions LG LIVE. SITEMAP PRIVACY LEGAL ACCESSIBILITY HELP. This is LG Electronics' official homepage. If you want to connect to LG Corp., or other LG affiliates, please click. 
more ... more .... more ... more .... View all photos (10). Thin body, measuring less than 7.5mm/0.3inches (0.28 inches). Low pixel density screen (298 ppi). The LG X screen features a 4.93-inch In-cell main screen with a 720 x 1280 HD resolution. A 1.76-inch secondary screen is on top and shows notifications, time, weather and battery status without having to turn on the phone. Users will be also able to access their favorite apps from the screen. This is similar to the secondary screen found on the LG V10. A quad-core 1.2GHz CPU drives the model, which features 2GB of RAM and 16GB of native storage. Keeping the generator humming is a 2300mAh battery, and Android 6.0 is pre-installed. This model will be offered in Black, White and Pink Gold.. OS: Android (6.0), LG UX UI. Dimensions: 5.61 x 2.83 x 0.28 inches (142.6 x 71.8 x 7.1 mm). Weight: 4.23 oz (120 g) the average is 5.6 oz (159 g). Resolution: 720 x 1280 pixels. Features: Ambient light sensor, Proximity sensor. Pixel density - The pixel density of a display represents the number of pixels over an area of one inch. It’s measured in “pixels per inch”, or ppi. The higher the number, the more detailed and good-looking the display is.. Technology - There are two main screen technologies currently used in phones and tablets: LCD and AMOLED. The former usually features a light source and liquid crystals, while the latter is based on organic light-emitting diodes. Newer LCD variations like IPS-LCD and Super-LCD allow for very accurate color reproduction and very wide viewing angles, where no significant image quality loss is observed. Current AMOLED screens differ in such a way that they can exhibit much more saturated colors (sometimes too much) and incredibly high contrast levels, which is due to black color being completely black in AMOLED displays.. Screen-to-body ratio - Shows what part of the frontal area of a phone its screen occupies.. Additional display - Shows specs of the phone's additional display. Resolution - Refers to the width and the length od the additional display. Software Features: Face detection, Voice activation, Self-timer, Digital zoom, Geo tagging. Settings: Exposure compensation, ISO control, White balance presets. Aperture size - The aperture of a camera is the opening through which light travels before it reaches the camera sensor. The smaller the number is, the bigger this opening is, allowing for more light to pass.. Quad-core, 1200 MHz, ARM Cortex-A53, 64-bit. System chip - Most modern handsets use an advanced chip that includes many of the device’s hardware modules like the processor, Wi-Fi, Bluetooth and sometimes even the wireless radio. This field shows what particular system chip (or System-on-a-Chip) is used in the phone.. Processor - The processor is the main computing component of a phone and is a major factor when it comes to the overall speed of the device. Some more powerful smartphones use dual-core and quad-core processors designed to deliver greater performance.. Graphics processor - The graphics processor is important for the smooth operation of the system and especially in games and other applications that may involve complex graphics and animations.. System memory - System memory, or RAM memory is the type of memory that the device uses to temporarily store data from the OS or currently-running apps. The more RAM available to the device, the better the performance will be when multiple or heavier programs are running.. Built-in storage - Bigger storage capacity allows you to keep more content saved onto your device, such as more applications, photos or video. Games and video content typically take up the biggest amount of storage space.. Talk time: 9.00 hours the average is 20 h (1229 min). Stand-by time: 5.0 days (120 hours) the average is 21 days (502 h). Talk time (3G): 14.00 hours the average is 19 h (1147 min). Stand-by time (3G): 5.0 days (120 hours) the average is 25 days (590 h). Stand-by time (4G): 5.0 days (120 hours) the average is 23 days (549 h). Capacity - The bigger, the better! However, battery capacity is not the only factor that has an effect on battery life. Those include the chipset in use, the software running on the device, as well as the consumer's unique usage pattern.. Multimedia Screen mirroring: DLNA, Wireless screen share. Filter by: Album, Artist, Genre, Playlists. Features: Album art cover, Background playback. Cellular GSM: 850, 900, 1800, 1900 MHz. UMTS: 850, 900, 1900, 2100 MHz. LTE (FDD): Bands 3, 7, 20. Data: LTE Cat 4 (150/50 Mbit/s), HSDPA+ (4G) 42.2 Mbit/s, HSUPA 5.76 Mbit/s. Notifications: Haptic feedback, Music ringtones (MP3), Polyphonic ringtones, Vibration, Flight mode, Silent mode, Speakerphone. Other features: Voice dialing, Voice commands, Voice recording. Features: Mass storage device, USB charging. Other: NFC, Tethering, Computer sync, OTA sync. Positioning - This field shows the positioning systems supported by the device. The most common types are GPS and A-GPS.. GPS - This is one of the most widespread global positioning technologies, developed and maintained by the U.S. It uses satellites in order to detect your location. A-GPS - A-GPS stands for Assisted GPS and is the industry standard for positioning and navigation. “Assisted” means that it can use local wireless networks, in addition to satellites, for quicker and more precise localization.. Availability Officially announced: 15 Feb 2016. To see the full specifications with in-depth details click here.. This device is also known as. Despite our efforts to provide full and correct LG X screen specifications, there is always a possibility of making a mistake. If you see any wrong or incomplete data, please LET US KNOW .. If you are interested in using our specs commercially, check out our Phone specs database licensing page.. Best high-end, mid-range, and entry-level LG phones you can buy right now (November 2016). LG X screen and X cam launched, mid-rangers with secondary display and dual cameras. New LG X series to be unveiled at MWC. The Samsung Galaxy S9 and S9+ have game-changing cameras with variable aperture and 960fps slow-mo video recording. The Big Barcelona Camera Comparison: iPhone X vs Pixel 2 XL vs Note 8. Samsung Galaxy S9 and S9+ rumor review: Specs, design, features, price and release date. Sony presents Xperia XZ2 and XZ2 Compact: new design and Snapdragon 845. Galaxy S9 Exynos edition gets benchmarked against rivals!. Galaxy S9 first camera comparison vs iPhone X, V30, S8. Samsung Galaxy S9 & S9+ hands-on. MWC 2018: top smartphones to expect. Best smartphone you can buy in 2018. Allo is a quality app, but Google isn't giving it a real chance. All content (phone reviews, news, specs, info), design and layouts are Copyright 2001-2018 phoneArena.com. Reproduction in whole or in part or in any form or medium without written permission is prohibited! Privacy. 
Home Shop MWC News Reviews Features Opinions Videos The Gadgets 360 Show Cell Guru Prime Tech Smartphone Reviews Tech and Gadget Reviews How-To Videos Video Game Reviews and Features Top Lists by Gadgets 360 Unboxing and Hands-On Videos Podcasts Compare Mobiles Phone Finder DEALS. Mobiles Tablets Apps Gaming Cameras PC/Laptops AUDIO/VIDEO How To Telecom Science INDIA INTERNET SOCIAL MEDIA WEARABLES हिंदी. Home Mobiles Mobiles Reviews. Roydon Cerejo , 18 August 2016. Share on Facebook Tweet Share Share Email Reddit Comment. The phone has a second screen for displaying notifications and shortcuts to apps. The X screen has a great design and is incredibly light and slim. 12,990 which feels a bit much for what's on offer. High demand for low-cost smartphones this year in emerging markets is one of the main reasons for the growth in worldwide smartphone sales, according to research firm Gartner. Competition has never been fiercer in the sub-Rs. 15,000 price segment, and every month we see OEMs trying to out-do one other.. This segment is currently dominated by Chinese players like Xiaomi , Lenovo , and LeEco giving even big-wigs like Samsung , a run for their money. Launching a new product in this segment today is risky as not only does it need to match the expectations that's been set but it should have something unique enough to make a mark.. LG aims to capture a sliver of this market with its newly introduced X screen smartphone, which boasts of a second 'ticker-styled' display similar to what we first saw on LG's premium V10 smartphone last year.. Design and build The 1.7-inch secondary colour LCD display (80x520 pixel resolution) stays on all the time, even when the phone is off, so you can view your notifications without having to turn on the main display. The notifications appear just as they would in the notification shade, so for instance, the first incoming alert for an email or WhatsApp will have the entire message displayed but subsequent alerts from the same app will only have the app icons and the picture of the sender (if any). In addition to alerts, you can choose to have the time, date and battery level or a custom message permanently displayed.. The display is also interactive so swiping to the left brings up Quick Tools which are a set of four toggle switches for sound profile, Wi-Fi, torch and SOS. You can swap these for Bluetooth, Camera, and Capture+ if needed. Another swipe to the left lets you control the music player.. When the main display is on, the second screen is more functional as it now shows you your four most recently used apps, calendar alerts, set shortcuts to your favourite apps and contacts.. We found the second screen to be incredibly useful as it's so much better than having just a notification LED. We just wish the display would extend the entire length of the main display as aesthetically, it looks a bit odd.. Speaking of aesthetics, LG has done an excellent job with the design of the phone as it looks very premium thanks to the glass back. The sides have a faux-metal trim which gives the appearance of metal. For a plastic body, the fit and finish is good and the phone is incredibly light at just 120 grams, and pretty slim too at just 7.1mm in thickness.. The 4.93-inch primary display boasts of LG's in-cell touch technology however, the resolution is just HD. The negative impact isn't too noticeable at first but edges of text do exhibit slight jaggedness if you look carefully. On the bright side, colour reproduction is good and the phone is very legible under sunlight.. Button placement is fairly ergonomic with good tactile feedback for all the buttons. On the right, we have a hybrid Dual-SIM tray which can house either two Nano-SIMs or a single SIM and a microSD card (up to 128GB). There's a single speaker grille below, along with the headphone socket and Micro-USB port.The camera module has a little bump on the back but thankfully, the lens did not scratch-up during our usage.. The one feature that's missing, and you've probably figured that out by now, is a fingerprint sensor. It's rather disappointing that the X screen misses out on this additional security measure that's now available in more affordable phones as well. The phone ships with a data cable, power adapter and a headset.. Specifications and features This is where things start to get a bit rocky. Just like the LG K10 LTE ( Review ), the LG X screen is powered by a pretty dated Snapdragon 410 quad-core SoC, which is no match for the current crop of phones sold today in this price segment. In addition to this, there's 2GB RAM, 16GB storage, Wi-Fi 802.11b/g/n, Bluetooth 4.1, GPS, and FM radio. The age of the chipset also reflects in the benchmark scores. AnTuTu delivered just 24734 points while GFXbench's T-Rex test gave us only 10fps. The good news is that you get Android Marshmallow and not Lollipop. The stock interface has undergone a transformation with LG UI 5.0, which is easy to use and functional.. The launcher has a single-layered layout by default but you can switch to the traditional app-drawer if needed. SOS mode is a handy feature to have and works well. Once you've set up your emergency contacts, all you have to is press the power button five times in quick succession and a SMS is sent to your contacts along with your current location.. In terms of pre-installed apps, we have a suite of Google apps, file manager, Truecaller, and LG SmartWorld which is its own app and theme store. The order of the navigation buttons can be customised, while Capture+ lets you easily capture and edit parts of an app or picture you wish to share.. Performance Despite the dated processor, Android Marshmallow runs decently well. There is a bit of intermittent lag that creeps in every now and then which is noticeable when the phone deals with lots of images like browsing through the app store or in webpages in Chrome. App loading times are not too speedy either. The X screen tends to get warm quickly where the LG logo is placed at the back. We noticed this after clicking a few photos or even while downloading apps.. The second screen is immensely useful at times however, the LCD display washes out easily under direct sunlight, making it tough to read. When the main screen is of, the second screen dims when ambient light is low and if the ambient light. sensor is covered completely (like when its in your pocket), the display shuts off. When the main display is on though, the second screen is on full brightness at all times. An OLED panel would have been a better choice for the second screen as the backlight tends to bleed onto the main display, which is noticeable when it's pitch dark.. The phone is, surprisingly, not as slippery as we thought it would be. It certainly stands out from all the metal-bodied phones in the market. Full-HD videos runs just fine and the music player has a neat feature that can automatically search for the music video of the song you're currently listening to. However, audio quality is strictly average through the speaker, as well as with after-market earphones. The mono speaker is loud enough for alerts but fails to impress with media files. The bundled headset is good for calls but not much else.. The LG X screen comes with a 13-megapixel primary camera but there's no PDAF to assist you, so focusing speed is not great. The sensor takes a second or two automatically focus on the subject your shooting. Picture quality is decent in daylight for both landscapes and macro shots. Details are good and colours are pretty accurate. Indoor shots exhibit a bit of grain, which gets progressively worse in low-light.. (Tap for full sized LG X screen camera samples). Landscapes in low-light situations are pretty much unusable, but close-ups are still passable if you use the flash. With high levels of lag, it can take a few seconds before your shot is actually saved in such conditions. The front 8-megapixel camera gets palm and voice gestures for selfies but the pictures often turn out bit hazy, even in daylight.. The camera app is a little too simple if you ask us as it lacks some basic features like HDR mode. Panorama mode is present and a long press on the shutter activates burst mode, which works decently well. Quality of recorded video is good in daylight but don't expect much in low-light situations.. The 2300mAh battery puts on a good show as we managed to get about 12 hours and 13 minutes of battery life. Under regular use, we easily managed to go beyond a day with mixed usage. There's no fast charging here but we got around a 19 percent charge in half an hour, which is not bad.. Verdict After spending a good amount of time with the X screen, we wish more manufactures implemented this concept. Having a second screen constantly displaying basic, relevant information is a real boon and the ability to quickly jump between apps and features is a real time-saver. It just would have been a lot better with a OLED panel rather than a LCD one.. Sadly, having a second screen is not a good enough reason to pick the phone, as the X screen is far behind the competition in most other areas. It almost feels like LG is stuck in a time-warp when it comes to its recent budget offerings as the specifications and features feel like a phone meant for 2015 rather than 2016.. 12,990, it just doesn't offer a comprehensive enough package to warrant a purchase. Besides the good design, battery life and the second screen, it's far too underpowered to properly handle Android Marshmallow, there's no fingerprint sensor, or USB OTG support and overall camera performance is quite underwhelming.. It makes a decent option to consider around the Rs. 7,000 mark but anything more and it becomes a tough sell.. For the latest smartphone launches by Samsung, Nokia, Sony, Asus, and other MWC 2018 announcements, visit our MWC hub .. Design Display Software Performance Battery Life Camera Value for Money. Good Ergonomic design Good battery life Second screen is useful Display has good colours Bad Dated processor Underwhelming cameras No USB OTG Pricing could be better. Read detailed LG X screen review. LG X screen Launched in India: Price, Release Date, Specifications, and More. LG X screen India Launch Set for Monday. More LG mobiles LG mobiles price in India. Further reading: Android smartphone , LG X screen features , LG X screen price , LG X screen price in India , LG X screen review , LG X screen specifications , X screen. Roydon Cerejo Email Roydon More. An armchair fitness freak, loves everything tech. Recovering compulsive hoarder of PC components.. Samsung Galaxy S9 और Galaxy S9+ स्मार्टफोन लॉन्च. Nokia 1 एंड्रॉयड गो स्मार्टफोन हुआ लॉन्च. LG V30S ThinQ के साथ MWC 2018 में एलजी ने दी दस्तक. Samsung Galaxy S9, Galaxy S9+ Launched: What's New?. Why Game of Thrones Creators Writing Star Wars Might Be a Bad, Bad Idea. Design by User Feedback? The Customer Isn't Always Right. PS4 Is a Best-Seller but Here Are 4 Reasons It's Far From Perfect. Canon EOS 1500D, EOS 3000D Entry-Level DSLRs Launched in India BSNL Partners Nokia for Rollout of 4G VoLTE Services Sony Unveils Xperia Ear Duo to Answer Apple AirPods, Samsung Gear IconX Sony Xperia XZ2, Xperia XZ2 Compact With 18:9 Displays Launched at MWC Mi MIX 2S With Snapdragon 845 Confirmed by Xiaomi; Launching on March 27 Huawei Launches Windows Laptop and Android Tablet at MWC 2018 Samsung Galaxy S9, Galaxy S9+ Pre-Orders Now Open in India ZTE Tempo Go Is Its First Smartphone That Runs Android Oreo (Go Edition) Samsung's Foldable Smartphone Isn't a Gimmick, Claims CEO Huawei P20 Flagship Smartphone Launch Set for March 27. Nokia 7 Plus Is an Android One Phone With Dual Rear Cameras, Zeiss Optics Samsung Galaxy S9, Galaxy S9+ Pre-Orders Now Open in India Samsung Galaxy S9, Galaxy S9+ With Improved Cameras, AR Emoji Launched Nokia 8110 4G Is a 'Slider' Feature Phone With Google, Facebook Apps OnePlus 5, OnePlus 5T HD Content Streaming Issue Fixed, With a Catch Vodafone to Offer 4.5GB Data Per Day for 28 Days at Rs. 799: Report Samsung Galaxy S9 a Worthy Upgrade? A Look at What's New Nokia 8 Sirocco With Dual Cameras, Stainless Steel Frame Launched at MWC Nokia 6 (2018) Android One Phone With Snapdragon 630 Launched at MWC 2018 Nokia 7 Plus vs Nokia 7. Sitemaps Archives Advertise About Us Feedback Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions Complaint Redressal Careers Contact Us RSS Ethics Gadgets Hindi. © Copyright Red Pixels Ventures Limited 2018. Fields marked with * are mandatory. 
more ... more .... more ... more .... LG X screen vs LG G3 Size compare. Device type Smart phone Smart phone. OS Android (6.0), LG UX UI Android (6.0, 5.1, 5.0, 4.4.2). Dimensions 5.61 x 2.83 x 0.28 inches (142.6 x 71.8 x 7.1 mm) 5.76 x 2.94 x 0.35 inches (146.3 x 74.6 x 8.9 mm). Weight 4.23 oz (120 g) the average is 5.6 oz (159 g) 5.26 oz (149 g) the average is 5.6 oz (159 g). Colors Black, Pink, White Black, Gold, Purple, Pink, White. Physical size 4.9 inches 5.5 inches. Resolution 720 x 1280 pixels 1440 x 2560 pixels. Features Ambient light sensor, Proximity sensor Oleophobic coating, Scratch-resistant glass, Ambient light sensor, Proximity sensor. Pixel density - The pixel density of a display represents the number of pixels over an area of one inch. It’s measured in “pixels per inch”, or ppi. The higher the number, the more detailed and good-looking the display is.. Technology - There are two main screen technologies currently used in phones and tablets: LCD and AMOLED. The former usually features a light source and liquid crystals, while the latter is based on organic light-emitting diodes. Newer LCD variations like IPS-LCD and Super-LCD allow for very accurate color reproduction and very wide viewing angles, where no significant image quality loss is observed. Current AMOLED screens differ in such a way that they can exhibit much more saturated colors (sometimes too much) and incredibly high contrast levels, which is due to black color being completely black in AMOLED displays.. Screen-to-body ratio - Shows what part of the frontal area of a phone its screen occupies.. Additional display - Shows specs of the phone's additional display. Resolution - Refers to the width and the length od the additional display. Hardware Features Autofocus Optical image stabilization, Autofocus (Laser), Back-illuminated sensor (BSI). Software Features Face detection, Voice activation, Self-timer, Digital zoom, Geo tagging Touch to focus, Smile detection, Face detection, Voice activation, Geo tagging. Settings Exposure compensation, ISO control, White balance presets Exposure compensation, ISO control, White balance presets. Shooting Modes Panorama Burst mode, High Dynamic Range mode (HDR), Panorama. Camcorder 1920x1080 (1080p HD) (30 fps) 3840x2160 (4K) (30 fps), 1920x1080 (1080p HD) (30 fps). Features Video calling Optical image stabilization. Front-facing camera 8 megapixels 2.1 megapixels. Aperture size - The aperture of a camera is the opening through which light travels before it reaches the camera sensor. The smaller the number is, the bigger this opening is, allowing for more light to pass.. Focal length (35mm equivalent) - The lower (shorter) the focal length number, the wider the shot will be. Conversely, longer focal length cameras produce narrower frames, which can be used for telephoto (zoomed-in) purposes.. Camera sensor size - A bigger camera sensor is able to capture more light, and thus produce better photos.. Pixel size - The size of an individual pixel on a camera's sensor. Qualcomm Snapdragon 410 8916 Qualcomm Snapdragon 801 8974-AC. Quad-core, 1200 MHz, ARM Cortex-A53, 64-bit Quad-core, 2500 MHz, Krait 400. 2 GB RAM 3 GB RAM. System chip - Most modern handsets use an advanced chip that includes many of the device’s hardware modules like the processor, Wi-Fi, Bluetooth and sometimes even the wireless radio. This field shows what particular system chip (or System-on-a-Chip) is used in the phone.. Processor - The processor is the main computing component of a phone and is a major factor when it comes to the overall speed of the device. Some more powerful smartphones use dual-core and quad-core processors designed to deliver greater performance.. Graphics processor - The graphics processor is important for the smooth operation of the system and especially in games and other applications that may involve complex graphics and animations.. System memory - System memory, or RAM memory is the type of memory that the device uses to temporarily store data from the OS or currently-running apps. The more RAM available to the device, the better the performance will be when multiple or heavier programs are running.. Built-in storage - Bigger storage capacity allows you to keep more content saved onto your device, such as more applications, photos or video. Games and video content typically take up the biggest amount of storage space.. Storage expansion - Some handsets allow you to expand their storage capacity by using a memory expansion card – most often microSD. Expansion memory is mostly suitable for media storage, such as photo, video or music content.. Talk time 9.00 hours the average is 20 h (1229 min) 19.00 hours the average is 20 h (1229 min). Stand-by time 5.0 days (120 hours) the average is 21 days (502 h) 22.8 days (548 hours) the average is 21 days (502 h). Talk time (3G) 14.00 hours the average is 19 h (1147 min) 21.00 hours the average is 19 h (1147 min). Stand-by time (3G) 5.0 days (120 hours) the average is 25 days (590 h) 23.0 days (553 hours) the average is 25 days (590 h). Stand-by time (4G) 5.0 days (120 hours) the average is 23 days (549 h) 25.0 days (600 hours) the average is 23 days (549 h). Capacity - The bigger, the better! However, battery capacity is not the only factor that has an effect on battery life. Those include the chipset in use, the software running on the device, as well as the consumer's unique usage pattern.. Screen mirroring DLNA, Wireless screen share DLNA, Wireless screen share, SlimPort. Filter by Album, Artist, Genre, Playlists Album, Artist, Playlists. Features Album art cover, Background playback Album art cover, Background playback. GSM 850, 900, 1800, 1900 MHz 850, 900, 1800, 1900 MHz. UMTS 850, 900, 1900, 2100 MHz 850, 900, 1900, 2100 MHz. LTE (FDD) Bands 3, 7, 20 Bands 3, 7, 20. Data LTE Cat 4 (150/50 Mbit/s), HSDPA+ (4G) 42.2 Mbit/s, HSUPA 5.76 Mbit/s LTE, HSDPA+ (4G) 42.2 Mbit/s, HSUPA 5.76 Mbit/s, UMTS. Sensors Accelerometer, Compass Accelerometer, Gyroscope, Compass. Notifications Haptic feedback, Music ringtones (MP3), Polyphonic ringtones, Vibration, Flight mode, Silent mode, Speakerphone Haptic feedback, Music ringtones (MP3), Polyphonic ringtones, Vibration, Flight mode, Silent mode, Speakerphone. Other features Voice dialing, Voice commands, Voice recording Voice dialing, Voice commands, Voice recording. Wi-Fi 802.11 b, g, n 802.11 a, b, g, n, ac, dual-band. Features Mass storage device, USB charging Mass storage device, USB Host, USB charging. Navigation Turn-by-turn navigation, Voice navigation Yes. Other NFC, Tethering, Computer sync, OTA sync NFC, Infrared, Tethering, Computer sync, OTA sync. Positioning - This field shows the positioning systems supported by the device. The most common types are GPS and A-GPS.. GPS - This is one of the most widespread global positioning technologies, developed and maintained by the U.S. It uses satellites in order to detect your location. A-GPS - A-GPS stands for Assisted GPS and is the industry standard for positioning and navigation. “Assisted” means that it can use local wireless networks, in addition to satellites, for quicker and more precise localization.. Officially announced 15 Feb 2016 27 May 2014. FCC ID value: ZNFD855 link. FCC approval - The Federal Communications Commission (FCC) is an independent United States government agency, directly responsible to Congress. The FCC was established by the Communications Act of 1934 and is charged with regulating interstate and international communications by radio, television, wire, satellite and cable. The FCC's jurisdiction covers the 50 states, the District of Columbia, and U.S. Every wireless phone device that is sold in the U.S. has to be tested and approved for sale by the FCC.. Date approved - Shows the date when the particular phone is approved by the Federal Communications Commission. FCC measured SAR - Working closely with federal health and safety agencies, such as the Food and Drug Administration (FDA), the FCC has adopted limits for safe exposure to radiofrequency (RF) energy. These limits are given in terms of a unit referred to as the Specific Absorption Rate (SAR), which is a measure of the amount of radio frequency energy absorbed by the body when using a mobile phone. The FCC requires cell phone manufacturers to ensure that their phones comply with these objective limits for safe exposure. Any cell phone at or below these SAR levels (that is, any phone legally sold in the U.S.) is a "safe" phone, as measured by these standards. The FCC limit for public exposure from cellular telephones is an SAR level of 1.6 watts per kilogram (1.6 W/kg).. To see the full specifications with in-depth details click here.. $180 Buy. $100 Buy. Samsung Galaxy A8 (2018) Review 6.5. Sony Xperia XA2 and Xperia XA2 Ultra Review 7.8. Huawei Mate 10 Lite Review 8. Jabra Elite 65t wireless earphones Review 8.5. Samsung Galaxy Note 3 vs Samsung Galaxy Note 2. LG V30 Review 8.8. The Samsung Galaxy S9 and S9+ have game-changing cameras with variable aperture and 960fps slow-mo video recording. The Big Barcelona Camera Comparison: iPhone X vs Pixel 2 XL vs Note 8. Samsung Galaxy S9 and S9+ rumor review: Specs, design, features, price and release date. Sony presents Xperia XZ2 and XZ2 Compact: new design and Snapdragon 845. Galaxy S9 Exynos edition gets benchmarked against rivals!. Galaxy S9 first camera comparison vs iPhone X, V30, S8. Samsung Galaxy S9 & S9+ hands-on. MWC 2018: top smartphones to expect. Best smartphone you can buy in 2018. Allo is a quality app, but Google isn't giving it a real chance. All content (phone reviews, news, specs, info), design and layouts are Copyright 2001-2018 phoneArena.com. Reproduction in whole or in part or in any form or medium without written permission is prohibited! Privacy. 
LG X Screen Price in the Philippines and Specification. The New LG X Screen features an "always-on" second 1.76" screen along with main 4.93" screen. 4.93 inches + 1.76 inches ... * Prices updated on Feb 26, 2018. * The prices listed have been converted from USD to PHP based on exchange rates of Feb 23, 2018.. depends on the location, 2-3 days. 1-year official manufacturer warranty in the Philippines. 1-year official manufacturer warranty in the Philippines. 1-year official manufacturer warranty in the Philippines. LG X Screen Price in the Philippines Starts from P4,990. The lowest price of LG X Screen is P4,990 at abenson, which is 46% less than the cost of X Screen at ebuy Philippines (P9,195).. The latest price of LG X Screen was updated on Feb 26, 2018, 09:16.. 4.93inch(1280×720) HD IPS In-Cell Touch display,. , 1.76inch(520 x 80) LCD secondary display. HSPA 42.2/5.76 Mbps, LTE Cat4 150/50 Mbps. LG’s X Cam and X Screen give you High-End Cameras and Screens at Mid-Range Prices. The LG “Specialist” series is an affordable mid-range phone with premium features for that unique feature you want in a smartphone.. Camera: Main: 13MP & 5MP Front: 8MP. Memory: 2GB of RAM / 16GB of ROM. Dimension: 147.5 x 73.6 x 5.2mm-6.9mm. Colors: Titan Silver White Gold Pink Gold. Display: Main: 4.93-inch HD In-cell Touch Secondary: 1.76-inch LCD (520x80). Camera: Main: 13MP Front: 8MP. Memory: 2GB of RAM / 16GB of ROM. Dimension: 142.6 x 71.8 x 7.1mm. Market segmentation is a beautiful thing. It was once called a way to milk your customers for more money, but perhaps in LG’s case it’s the opposite. LG intends to give you more value for your money by giving you premium features for a specific feature you want, at a mid-range price.. The LG “Specalist” series offers to areas of specialty: the camera or the screen. Whereas a flagship phone will give you all of the top features in one phone, it also comes with a flagship price. The LG X Cam will give you the that same premium camera, but at half the price, whereas the LG X Screen will do the same but for your screen.. “Everyone has a favorite smartphone feature,” said Juno Cho, president and CEO of LG Electronics. “At LG, we think there’s room for devices that do one thing very well and that customers shouldn’t have to pay for features that they don’t want. At the end of the day, we’re committed to offering consumers more choices.”. The X Cam will have dual cameras on the rear, a feature that is becoming popular with newer flagship smartphones such as the HTC One M9 and the LG V10. Apple has also filed for a dual-camera technology patent. This looks to be the wave for the future of top-end camera phones.. Yet despite this, the LG X Cam will retain a relatively svelte 118 grams of weight at 5.2mm thick, something you expect a flagship with premium components to have, rather than a mid-range brick phone.. The LG X Screen on the other hand will have two screens – the 4.93-inch main screen and an additional “always on” screen, similar to LG’s V10. The second screen is above the main screen which features a task bar for easy-multitasking, along with other handy features like the ability to answer phone calls without interfering with the main screen, play music, checking battery status, and reading notifications. As the screen is always on, one can also do these things without having to turn on the phone.. It’s great that LG realizes that not everybody needs the all the features of a flagship. The Specialist series represents their effort to provide that one feature which people want to be exceptional, and have the rest of the phone to be great and still not break the bank. If these two models are successes, we can be sure that we’ll find other specialist phones in the future.. LG X Screen: Looks and Feels Excellent for Mid-Ranger. LG X Screen review for Philippines:. LG X Screen is one of the most compact designs with a slew of features inside. But what make this device worth a good look is the features it has compared to its bargain price tag. The smartphone industry has kind of moved away from LG over the past few years. So, it's quite obvious that they need to come up with a product to get their foothold back.. LG X Screen is meant to do just that. Apparently, LG is trying to claw back into the market with the universally winning mantra of cramping in high-value features at a surprisingly budget price tag. But the question is whether this device is actually worth top sales figures. Here's a look at its features in detail.. With dimensions coming in at only 142.6 x 71.8 x 7.1 mm (5.61 x 2.83 x 0.28 inches), this is easily among the most compact mid-rangers around. The metal body has 2 panels, front and rear. Typically flat panels are separated by dual-tone border encasings.. But that's not the most immediately noticeable feature. What will demand a nice look is the stand-alone second display screen plush just above the normal display modules. This 'Always-On' 1.76-inch second display adds a rare display utility to the device instantly making it high value and a USP.. Coming to the basic display module itself, it's a 4.93-inch IPS LCD FHD display with a display resolution of 1280 x 720 pixels at 298 PPI (Pixels Per Inch). Although it is not meant to awe a buyer, it will instantly impress leaving zero room for complaint.. A Qualcomm MSM8916 Snapdragon 410 series chipset uses a 4-Core Cortex-A53 processor. This setup couples with an Adreno 306 GPU. Clock speeds tick up till 1.2 GHz. But this setup is more about utilitarian tasking than sheer power. It scores in the top-bracket for devices in this price range for multi-core performance.. In short, buyers will be able to enjoy seamless multi-app tasking and smooth performance with the FHD display at its highest resolution for moderate gaming.. LG X Screen comes with a 13 MP rear camera integrating a CMOS sensor and Auto-Focus. Overall image quality and output are easily above what users might expect from it. Its f/2.2 aperture allows notable stills in low light conditions with the Single-LED also helping in. Video recording capabilities cap at 1080p.. The front selfie camera is an 8 MP shooter which too can take above average selfies thanks to a wide-angle lens and an inbuilt Face-Detecting sensor.. This device comes with an Android 6.0 Marshmallow inside along with the option for using the latest updates. LG may even include an additional option to buyers for an upgrade on to Android 7.0 Nougat awaiting official confirmation.. LG X Screen has 2 GB RAM combining with a 16 GB internal storage. External memory is extendable till 256 GB via a dedicated slot for a microSD card.. A 2300 mAh battery juices this device, quite above average in power in comparison to most other devices in this range. Run-times come in at around 14 hours 3G talk-time and 120 hours 3G standby.. There is no doubt that this is a one-of-a-kind smartphone thanks to the intuitive second display. Other than its USP though, this is still a high-value smartphone with every other feature coming in as above average in comparison to its price tag. It's available in Philippines at a discount tag making it actually a proper buy. Considering positive user and expert reviews, LG X Screen looks to garner strong sales in Philippines.. User Review : 1 Reviews. Good afternoon isa sa mga gusto ko dito is yung sensitivity niya and yungb design napaka elegant lang naman niya ... Write a review on this product. Read more reviews on this product. Kung binili ko po ba ung phone na LG ung nakapost ba un din ba ung price non Tanong lang po. Last updated : Apr 24, 2017. Replies of This topic : 1 Replies. Kung binili ko po ba ung phone na LG ung nakapost ba un din ba ung price non Tanong lang po. Last updated : Apr 25, 2017. Replies of This topic : 1 Replies. Guys bka my nka bili na sa inyu nito.. anu po ang downside ng X screen? Mabilis ba to pg mobile data ang gamit?. Last updated : Jan 20, 2017. Replies of This topic : 0 Replies. Guys bka my nka bili na sa inyu nito.. anu po ang downside ng X screen? Mabilis ba to pg mobile data ang gamit?. Last updated : Jan 20, 2017. Replies of This topic : 0 Replies. Guys bka my nka bili na sa inyu nito.. anu po ang downside ng X screen? Mabilis ba to pg mobile data ang gamit?. Last updated : Jan 20, 2017. Replies of This topic : 0 Replies. Start a topic on this product. View the forum on this product. 2G, 3G, 4G (LTE), 32GB, 3GB. 2G, 3G, 4G (LTE), 32GB, 6... 6 inches, QHD+ 1440 x 288... 2G, 3G, 4G (LTE), 128GB, ... 2G, 3G, 4G (LTE), 16GB, 2GB. 5.3 inches, HD (1280 x 720). 2G, 3G, 4G (LTE), 16GB, 2GB. Most viewed ranking for LG Mobile Phones. View Mode: PC | Mobile. Please be aware that we cannot guarantee that all the information shown, such as prices, specs, images, etc. Prices and stock availability for each shop are always changing. If you are considering making a purchase, please refer to the merchant's page to ensure that you have the most up-to-date information. In order to use this website and its services, users must consent to and abide by the Terms of Use. By accessing or using any area of this website, you hereby agree to be legally bound and abide by the Terms.. Copyright © Priceprice.com All rights reserved. (Produced by kakaku.com that is Japan's No.1 Comparison Website). 
Reviews News Benchmarks / Tech Buyers Guide Library Search Jobs Contact .... Reviews , News , CPU , GPU , Articles , Columns , Other. Accessory , AMD , Android , Apple , ARM , Audio , Bay Trail , Bristol Ridge / Stoney Ridge , Broadwell , Business , Charts , Chinese Tech , Chromebook , Convertible / 2-in-1 , Cyberlaw , Deal , Desktop , Fail , Galaxy Note , Galaxy S , Gamecheck , Gaming , Geforce , Google Nexus / Pixel , How To , iPad Pro , iPhone , iPhone 7 , iPhone 8 , Kaby Lake , Linux / Unix , MacBook , Monitor , MSI , Notebook , OnePlus Two , Phablet , Rumor , Ryzen (Zen) , Security , Skylake , Smart Home , Smartphone , Smartwatch , Software , Storage , Surface Pro 4 , Tablet , Touchscreen , Ultrabook , Virtual Reality (VR) / Augmented Reality (AR) , Wearable , Windows , Workstation , XPS. Florian Wimmer ( translated by Liala Stieglitz), 06/17/2016. Android ARM Smartphone Touchscreen. Two for a better view? LG's X screen is equipped with two screens for little money. But just how useful is this feature in everyday use? We found out in our test.. Â» Multimedia , Â» Gaming , Â» Lightweight Gaming Â» Budget Office , Â» Business , Â» Workstations Â» Subnotebooks , Â» Ultrabooks , Â» Convertibles. Top 10 under 300 Euros , Â». Best Notebooks for University Students Â». Top Windows alternatives to Apple's MacBook series Â». Â» Tablets , Â» Windows Tablets Â» Smartphones. For the original German review, see here .. It is not really an innovative idea to expand the screen of a smartphone slightly. Samsung has also implemented this in its "Edge" devices, and LG itself offers the. However, an affordable handset with an additional screen for just below 250 Euros (~$281) is now on the market in the form of LG X Screen K500n.The second screen is situated beside the front camera and displays the time, quick links or notifications, even when apps are running in full screen or the smartphone is on standby.. The handset is part of LG's new X lineup where every smartphone has a special feature: It is the second screen in LG's X Screen, a dual-camera in the X Cam, and more models are planned.. We are not just curious about the differences compared with the considerably pricier. with a second screen, but also compared with equally priced devices such as. Have cutbacks been made in connectivity in favor of the second screen?. Qualcomm Snapdragon 410 MSM8916 Qualcomm Adreno 306. Test device courtesy of LG Deutschland. (download rating image as PNG or SVG ). 5 inch 16:9, 1280 x 720 pixel 294 PPI, capacitive touchscreen, IPS, second screen on front: 1.76", 520x80 pixels, glossy: yes. 1 USB 2.0, Audio Connections: 3.5 mm headset jack, Card Reader: micro-SD max. 2 TB, NFC, Brightness Sensor, Sensors: motion sensor, proximity sensor, compass, DLNA. 802.11 b/g/n (b/g/n), Bluetooth 4.1, GSM (850/900/1800/1900), UMTS (850/900/1900/2100), LTE (B1/B3/B4/B5/B7/B8/B20/B38); maximum speed (download/upload): 150Mbps/50Mbps; SAR rate: 0.552W/kg (head); nano-SIM, LTE, GPS. height x width x depth (in mm): 7.1 x 142.6 x 71.8 ( = 0.28 x 5.61 x 2.83 in). 8.7 Wh, 2300 mAh Lithium-Ion, Battery runtime (according to manufacturer): 14 h, Talk time 2G (according to manufacturer): 9. h, Talk time 3G (according to manufacturer): 14. Primary Camera: 13 MPix f/2.2, AF, LED flash, videos @1080p/30fps Secondary Camera: 8 MPix. Speakers: mono speaker on lower edge, Keyboard: virtual keyboard, charger, USB cable, headset, QuickMemo+, LG Backup, Remote Call Center, Evernote, 24 Months Warranty, FM radio, fanless. 120 g ( = 4.23 oz / 0.26 pounds), Power Supply: 48 g ( = 1.69 oz / 0.11 pounds). The casing of LG's X Screen does not look very spectacular at a first glance, and it does not reveal that it hides a second screen. An eye-catching exterior, like that of the Galaxy S7 Edge with a screen curved around the edges should not be expected. Then again, LG's X Screen is situated in another price category. The casing is made entirely of plastic, and the edges are rounded so that LG's X Screen is pleasant to hold. It is available in black or white.. At just 120 grams (~4.2 oz), the handset is extremely lightweight. Nevertheless, the stability is satisfactory: The smartphone hardly warps or creaks. However, pressure applied to both front and back become visible in the liquid crystals relatively quickly.. Are you a loyal reader of notebookcheck? Are you a techie who knows how to write? Then join our Team!. It might be assumed that a second screen would increase production costs and cutbacks are thus made elsewhere. However, this is not evident in terms of connectivity. Although 16 GB of internal storage is standard, the expansion option by up to 2 TB via micro-SD card is a minor highlight. On the other hand, USB OTG is not included. DLNA for Wi-Fi is also supported. The working memory of 2 GB is also category standard, but. The almost latest version of Google's operating system, Android 6.0.1, is installed. Its security patch level is that of April 1st 2016. Android 6 adds some new functions to Android smartphones, such as a more extensive app rights management and an energy-saving mode. LG modifies the looks with its own interface. The differences to standard Android are not massive, and thus anyone changing to LG from another manufacturer should find their way round easily.. LG Backup for saving data on the handset or in LG Cloud is preloaded. Data can also be transmitted from another device via Bluetooth. We found the overview of apps that were deleted in the past 24 hours handy. Should something have been uninstalled accidentally, it can be reinstalled quickly.. Reviews , News , CPU , GPU , Articles , Columns , Other. Accessory , AMD , Android , Apple , ARM , Audio , Bay Trail , Bristol Ridge / Stoney Ridge , Broadwell , Business , Charts , Chinese Tech , Chromebook , Convertible / 2-in-1 , Cyberlaw , Deal , Desktop , Fail , Galaxy Note , Galaxy S , Gamecheck , Gaming , Geforce , Google Nexus / Pixel , How To , iPad Pro , iPhone , iPhone 7 , iPhone 8 , Kaby Lake , Linux / Unix , MacBook , Monitor , MSI , Notebook , OnePlus Two , Phablet , Rumor , Ryzen (Zen) , Security , Skylake , Smart Home , Smartphone , Smartwatch , Software , Storage , Surface Pro 4 , Tablet , Touchscreen , Ultrabook , Virtual Reality (VR) / Augmented Reality (AR) , Wearable , Windows , Workstation , XPS. LTE is now standard, even in this price range - and LG's X Screen naturally supports the fastest mobile networking standard currently available. The maximum speed is 150 MBit per second (download) and 50 MBit per second (upload). Naturally, more expensive devices achieve more, but the network has to support that.. The reception in the mobile network was good. At least 3/4 of the signal was displayed indoors and usually 100% outdoors in the LTE network in the well-developed German D2 network.. LG's X Screen uses the Wi-Fi 802.11 b/g/n standards. Thus, browsing in the 5 GHz network is not possible; otherwise, all the important standards are covered. Connecting to the Internet is fast. None of the comparison devices support the even faster 802.11ac standard, but this is not necessary for normal everyday use.. The reception is very good: We had the full signal in the router's direct vicinity, and websites opened relatively fast. At a distance of 10 meters (~33 ft) to the router (FritzBox 6490) and through three walls, we still had 3/4 of the reception strength, and websites still opened just as quickly.. Although the GPS module found satellites indoors, the reception strength was not sufficient to track us. It took a moment in the outdoors, where we were located with an accuracy of 5 to 7 meters (~16 to 23 ft).. We packed LG's X Screen along with Garmin's Edge 500 professional navigation system in our backpack and took both on a ride with our mountain bike to test the GPS module's accuracy. The Runtastic app provided the data analysis. The measured route deviated by only 40 meters (~131 ft). However, it also proved that LG's X Screen sometimes tends to take shortcuts, and simply draws a straight line between two points when the signal is lost. The pro device is considerably more accurate here.. Reviews , News , CPU , GPU , Articles , Columns , Other. Accessory , AMD , Android , Apple , ARM , Audio , Bay Trail , Bristol Ridge / Stoney Ridge , Broadwell , Business , Charts , Chinese Tech , Chromebook , Convertible / 2-in-1 , Cyberlaw , Deal , Desktop , Fail , Galaxy Note , Galaxy S , Gamecheck , Gaming , Geforce , Google Nexus / Pixel , How To , iPad Pro , iPhone , iPhone 7 , iPhone 8 , Kaby Lake , Linux / Unix , MacBook , Monitor , MSI , Notebook , OnePlus Two , Phablet , Rumor , Ryzen (Zen) , Security , Skylake , Smart Home , Smartphone , Smartwatch , Software , Storage , Surface Pro 4 , Tablet , Touchscreen , Ultrabook , Virtual Reality (VR) / Augmented Reality (AR) , Wearable , Windows , Workstation , XPS. LG has modified the phone app's looks, but it largely functions like Google's standard app and is unlikely to puzzle anyone.. The call quality is satisfactory; our call contact could be heard clearly, but with minor distortions. A hum evolves in high volumes. The microphone transmits speech well, even when we speak quietly. The sound also distorts here when we raise our voice.. The rear-facing camera in LG's X Screen has a resolution of 13 megapixels and a relatively high aperture of f/2.2. This means that the aperture has a quite high opening by default, allowing it to capture a lot of light. This is naturally an advantage for photos shot in low-light conditions, but bright surfaces quickly overexpose in bright surroundings. This is also the case in the pictures made with LG's X Screen, but interestingly dark areas are not brightened up very well. Photos also tend to quickly look grainy and blur easily. The color reproduction makes a somewhat too warm an impression. The camera's low-light performance is good; the photos look sharper here.. Videos can be recorded at 30 frames per second in Full HD with the primary camera. Occasionally, they make a somewhat grainy impression, but overall, are suitable for occasional use.. The front-facing camera has a generous resolution of 8 megapixels. Bright surfaces also overexpose here, and the pictures quickly look blurred.. Scene 1 Scene 2 Scene 3. Choose a scene and navigate within the first image. One click changes the position on touchscreens. One click on the zoomed-in image opens the original in a new window. The first image shows the scaled photograph of the test device.. We photograph our reference chart for better analysis of focus and color reproduction. This photo looks considerably blurred toward the edges; the sharpness is better in the center, but frayed edges become visible when zoomed in. The color reproduction does not correspond to the reference. Some colors look too saturated and white is not pure.. Original colors are displayed in the lower half of each patch.. Besides the charger and its USB cable, a decent sounding in-ear headset is also inside the box.. LG includes a 24 month warranty on its smartphone.. In addition to SwiftKey and Google's keyboard, LG's keyboard is also installed. The height of LG's model can be varied and some modifications can be made. A single-handed mode is present, and the keyboard can be divided. Nevertheless, the double assignment of many keys is somewhat too overloaded for our taste. Google's keyboard is more straightforward and clearly arranged. However, this is a matter of preference, and it is always possible to download another keyboard from Google's Play Store.. The touchscreen has a pleasant surface, and is also still very sensitive in its corners. The highlight in terms of handling is, of course, the second screen that is also touch-sensitive. It is implemented as a narrow bar above the screen beside the front camera. Swiping right or left opens quick settings and apps. Notifications are displayed here, and also informs about incoming calls. The user can either answer or decline them here. This functioned well - although the screen is relatively narrow, handling was reliable.. With a size of 5 inches, the primary screen in LG's X Screen has a resolution of 1280x720 pixels. This is now below category average; the comparison devices offer a Full HD panel. Alongside the screen's slightly small dimensions, this still results in an acceptable 294 PPI. In fact the image looks fairly sharp.. The brightness of LG's X Screen cannot compete with its equally priced rivals: With an average of 376 cd/mÂ², the screen is clearly dimmer than that of other models. However, the maximum brightness increases slightly when using the light sensor: We measured 405 cd/mÂ² here. We achieved a maximum brightness of 392 cd/mÂ² in the more practice-relevant APL50 assessment, which corresponds almost exactly to the maximum brightness rate of 392 cd/mÂ² measured in the conventional process. The illumination of 90% is relatively homogeneous.. 384 cd/m² 387 cd/m² 373 cd/m² 374 cd/m² 392 cd/m² 360 cd/m² 367 cd/m² 393 cd/m² 353 cd/m². 90 % Center on Battery: 392. cd/m²) ΔE Color 7.5 | 0.8-23.34 Ø6.4 ΔE Greyscale 9.9 | 0.64-98 Ø6.7 Gamma: 2.07. LG X Screen IPS, 1280x720, 5 Huawei P9 Lite IPS, 1920x1080, 5.2 LG V10 Quantum-IPS, 2560x1440, 5.7 ZTE Blade V7 IPS, 1920x1080, 5.2 Honor 5X IPS, 1920x1080, 5.5 Screen Brightness middle Brightness Brightness Distribution Black Level * Contrast Colorchecker DeltaE2000 * Greyscale DeltaE2000 * Gamma CCT. We have to praise the low black level of 0.27 cd/mÂ² (0.26 cd/mÂ² in APL50). Thus, dark areas look deep and truly black. This also leads to a good contrast ratio of 1452:1.. Then again, the color accuracy that we analyze with the CalMAN software and spectrophotometer is unsatisfactory. A heavy bluish tint is visible to the naked eye; the aberrations to the reference color space are very high.. Response Time Black to White 29 ms ... rise â and fall â combined ↗ 13 ms rise ↘ 16 ms fall The screen shows relatively slow response rates in our tests and may be too slow for gamers. In comparison, all tested devices range from 0.8 (minimum) to 240 (maximum) ms. % of all devices are better. This means that the measured response time is similar to the average of all tested devices (26.5 ms). Response Time 50% Grey to 80% Grey 43 ms ... rise â and fall â combined ↗ 21 ms rise ↘ 23 ms fall The screen shows slow response rates in our tests and will be unsatisfactory for gamers. In comparison, all tested devices range from 0.9 (minimum) to 636 (maximum) ms. % of all devices are better. This means that the measured response time is similar to the average of all tested devices (42.3 ms).. Display response times show how fast the screen is able to change from one color to the next. Slow response times can lead to afterimages and can cause moving objects to appear blurry (ghosting). Gamers of fast-paced 3D titles should pay special attention to fast response times.. Screen Flickering / PWM (Pulse-Width Modulation) Screen flickering / PWM not detected. To dim the screen, some notebooks will simply cycle the backlight on and off in rapid succession - a method called Pulse Width Modulation (PWM). This cycling frequency should ideally be undetectable to the human eye. If said frequency is too low, users with sensitive eyes may experience strain or headaches or even notice the flickering altogether.. % of all tested devices do not use PWM to dim the display. If PWM was detected, an average of 9024 (minimum: 43 - maximum: 142900) Hz was measured.. LG's X Screen does a decent job outdoor. However, the screen's brightness is too low in very bright sunlight to recognize any content. However, the glossy screen is quite legible in a shaded place.. Thanks to the IPS panel, the viewing angles are generous and the image is recognizable from the sides even in very flat angles. Qualcomm Snapdragon 410 MSM8916 , LG's X Screen is adequately equipped for the mid-range sector. It clocks at 1.4 GHz in our review sample, and has four cores. The SoC is also 64-bit capable. proves that more is possible for this price with its higher-performance Qualcomm Snapdragon 616 MSM8939v2. The other equally-priced comparison devices are also equipped with faster SoCs.. This becomes obvious in the system and performance benchmarks: LG's X Screen usually lags behind; Huawei's P9 Lite in particular. The user interface runs smoothly in practice, but occasional lags or prolonged loading times are very evident.. clocked at 450 MHz, is no match for the comparison devices and has to be satisfied with the last place.. LG's X Screen also has a hard time competing with its rivals in Internet browsing. It also comes in last in the benchmarks here. It was noticed that websites sometimes needed longer to open than in other devices in everyday use.. The internal storage in our review sample does not do a bad job, at all especially in write. However, the read speeds are relatively slow. We tested the micro-SD slot with our Toshiba Exceria Pro M401 reference card: LG's X Screen was fast, and outperforms the comparison devices in both read and write.. However, it is not possible to move apps to the SD card or to format the SD card as an internal storage.. AnTuTu v6 - Total Score (sort by value) LG X Screen. Geekbench 3 64 Bit Multi-Core Score (sort by value) LG X Screen. 64 Bit Single-Core Score (sort by value) LG X Screen. 3DMark 2560x1440 Sling Shot OpenGL ES 3.0 Physics (sort by value) LG X Screen. 2560x1440 Sling Shot OpenGL ES 3.0 Graphics (sort by value) LG X Screen. 2560x1440 Sling Shot OpenGL ES 3.0 (sort by value) LG X Screen. 1280x720 offscreen Ice Storm Unlimited Physics (sort by value) LG X Screen. 1280x720 offscreen Ice Storm Unlimited Graphics Score (sort by value) LG X Screen. 1280x720 offscreen Ice Storm Unlimited Score (sort by value) LG X Screen. GFXBench (DX / GLBenchmark) 2.7 1920x1080 T-Rex HD Offscreen C24Z16 (sort by value) LG X Screen. T-Rex HD Onscreen C24Z16 (sort by value) LG X Screen. GFXBench 3.0 off screen Manhattan Offscreen OGL (sort by value) LG X Screen. on screen Manhattan Onscreen OGL (sort by value) LG X Screen. PCMark for Android - Work performance score (sort by value) LG X Screen. BaseMark OS II Web (sort by value) LG X Screen. Graphics (sort by value) LG X Screen. Memory (sort by value) LG X Screen. System (sort by value) LG X Screen. Overall (sort by value) LG X Screen. Octane V2 - Total Score (sort by value) LG X Screen. Mozilla Kraken 1.1 - Total Score (sort by value) LG X Screen. JetStream 1.1 - 1.1 Total Score (sort by value) LG X Screen. AndroBench 3-5 Sequential Write 256KB SDCard (sort by value) LG X Screen. Sequential Read 256KB SDCard (sort by value) LG X Screen. Random Write 4KB (sort by value) LG X Screen. Random Read 4KB (sort by value) LG X Screen. Sequential Write 256KB (sort by value) LG X Screen. Sequential Read 256KB (sort by value) LG X Screen. AnTuTu v6 | Geekbench 3 | 3DMark | GFXBench (DX / GLBenchmark) 2.7 | GFXBench 3.0 | PCMark for Android | BaseMark OS II | Octane V2 | Mozilla Kraken 1.1 | JetStream 1.1 | AndroBench 3-5. 50366 Points ∼22% +119%. 37152 Points ∼16% +62%. 37070 Points ∼16% +61%. 66304 Points ∼29% +189%. 3768 Points ∼10% +162%. 3047 Points ∼8% +112%. 2669 Points ∼7% +86%. 3684 Points ∼10% +157%. 883 Points ∼18% +87%. 698 Points ∼14% +48%. 614 Points ∼12% +30%. 1172 Points ∼24% +148%. 1373 Points ∼45% +92%. 1089 Points ∼35% +52%. 944 Points ∼31% +32%. 1241 Points ∼40% +73%. 473 Points ∼6% +1026%. 103 Points ∼1% +145%. 245 Points ∼3% +483%. 1361 Points ∼18% +3140%. 554 Points ∼11% +945%. 129 Points ∼3% +143%. 293 Points ∼6% +453%. 1332 Points ∼27% +2413%. 13676 Points ∼19% +51%. 8174 Points ∼11% -10%. 10430 Points ∼14% +15%. 10898 Points ∼15% +21%. 11318 Points ∼2% +199%. 7764 Points ∼2% +105%. 6170 Points ∼1% +63%. 23276 Points ∼5% +514%. 11769 Points ∼6% +170%. 7852 Points ∼4% +80%. 6786 Points ∼3% +56%. 18585 Points ∼9% +327%. 19 fps ∼1% +273%. 14 fps ∼1% +175%. 12 fps ∼1% +135%. 35 fps ∼3% +586%. 19 fps ∼4% +98%. 14 fps ∼3% +46%. 12 fps ∼3% +25%. 25 fps ∼5% +160%. 7.8 fps ∼1% +333%. 5.4 fps ∼1% +200%. 4.5 fps ∼1% +150%. 15 fps ∼3% +733%. 8.4 fps ∼2% +110%. 5.9 fps ∼2% +48%. 4.5 fps ∼1% +13%. 9.4 fps ∼3% +135%. 5339 Points ∼62% +32%. 3794 Points ∼44% -6%. 3947 Points ∼46% -2%. 4800 Points ∼56% +19%. 765 Points ∼45% +56%. 9 Points ∼1% -98%. 10 Points ∼1% -98%. 903 Points ∼53% +84%. 818 Points ∼9% +171%. 763 Points ∼8% +153%. 430 Points ∼5% +42%. 1954 Points ∼21% +547%. 1346 Points ∼30% +174%. 787 Points ∼18% +60%. 790 Points ∼18% +61%. 1527 Points ∼35% +211%. 2438 Points ∼24% +141%. 1378 Points ∼13% +36%. 1188 Points ∼12% +18%. 2598 Points ∼25% +157%. 1197 Points ∼32% +130%. 297 Points ∼8% -43%. 249 Points ∼7% -52%. 1627 Points ∼43% +212%. 4756 Points ∼10% +79%. 3595 Points ∼7% +36%. 2689 Points ∼5% +1%. 8083 Points ∼16% +205%. 12879.8 ms * ∼22%. 9396.5 ms * ∼16% +27%. 12510 ms * ∼21% +3%. 13761.1 ms * ∼23% -7%. 4498.8 ms * ∼8% +65%. 29.03 Points ∼0% +85%. 21.92 Points ∼0% +40%. 18.19 Points ∼0% +16%. 42 Points ∼0% +168%. 25.1 MB/s ∼29% -47%. 20.89 MB/s ∼24% -56%. 60.81 MB/s ∼63% -19%. 43.67 MB/s ∼45% -42%. 15.35 MB/s ∼9% +92%. 10 MB/s ∼6% +25%. 7.58 MB/s ∼5% -5%. 16.55 MB/s ∼10% +107%. 38.22 MB/s ∼22% +282%. 17 MB/s ∼10% +70%. 28.07 MB/s ∼16% +181%. 29.57 MB/s ∼17% +196%. 46.24 MB/s ∼22% -36%. 78 MB/s ∼36% +8%. 39.45 MB/s ∼18% -45%. 105.3 MB/s ∼49% +46%. 283.55 MB/s ∼35% +116%. 144 MB/s ∼18% +10%. 196.76 MB/s ∼24% +50%. 249.31 MB/s ∼31% +90%. LG X Screen Qualcomm Snapdragon 410 MSM8916, Qualcomm Adreno 306, 16 GB eMMC Flash. Huawei P9 Lite HiSilicon Kirin 650, ARM Mali-T830 MP2, 16 GB eMMC Flash. Honor 5X Qualcomm Snapdragon 616 MSM8939v2, Qualcomm Adreno 405, 16 GB eMMC Flash. ZTE Blade V7 Mediatek MT6753, ARM Mali-T720 MP4, 16 GB eMMC Flash. LG V10 Qualcomm Snapdragon 808 MSM8992, Qualcomm Adreno 418, 32 GB eMMC Flash. LG's X Screen copes quite well with games. The second screen is handy here since calls and notifications are displayed there, and they do not interrupt the game if the user does not want them to. We tested the graphically demanding racing game " Asphalt 8: Airborne " as well as " Angry Birds " that is easier on the graphics card. Both games ran smoothly and were still. However, they took quite long to load, and stutters sometimes occurred in the menu of the considerably more demanding racing game.. Controlling the games via the position sensor and touchscreen functioned impeccably, reliably and accurately.. LG's X Screen is actually always cool to touch. The smartphone's temperature climbs to a maximum of 37.3 degrees Celsius (~99 degrees Fahrenheit) in the upper back area during load. This temperature decreases considerably downward on the back; the front remains homogeneously warm. Although all temperature increases are slightly noticeable, they are not unpleasant.. The smartphone warms up only in the lower center front while idling. The temperature of 33.8 degrees Celsius (~93 degrees Fahrenheit) is hardly noticeable and restricted to one area.. 36.4 °C 35.9 °C 35.3 °C. 36.8 °C 36.7 °C 35 °C. 36.7 °C 36.2 °C 33.5 °C. Maximum: 36.8 °C Average: 35.8 °C. 32.6 °C 32.6 °C 35.8 °C 32.6 °C 33.4 °C 36.3 °C 32.1 °C 33.6 °C 37.3 °C. Maximum: 37.3 °C Average: 34 °C. 30.2 °C 30.2 °C 32 °C. 30.2 °C 30 °C 33.8 °C. 30.2 °C 29.6 °C 31 °C. Maximum: 33.8 °C Average: 30.8 °C. 29.9 °C 30.1 °C 29.7 °C 29.8 °C 29.6 °C 29.9 °C 29.1 °C 29.5 °C 30.1 °C. Maximum: 30.1 °C Average: 29.7 °C. The Pink Noise diagram already hints that the trebles of the speaker in the lower edge of LG's X Screen are heavily overemphasized. In fact, high frequencies are almost unpleasant to the ear. The sound makes a thin and tinny impression, even when rendering voice. Using a headset or a speaker connected via Bluetooth or jack should be preferred; the sound is much better here.. Unfortunately, we could not determine any reasonable power consumption rates with our instrument.. The battery in LG's X Screen manages 9:13 hours in the Wi-Fi test. This is a decent rate, especially considering the small-sized battery of 2300 mAh or 8.7 Wh. LG's X Screen should last a full work day, which is confirmed by our tests.. Idle (without WLAN, min brightness) 16h. NBC WiFi Websurfing Battery Test 1.3 9h. mAh Battery Runtime Reader / Idle WiFi v1.3 Load H.264. + micro-SD cards max. - low resolution screen. - middling screen brightness. - call quality could be better. - sometimes blurred camera photos. - comparatively low performance. Review sample courtesy of LG Germany.. The second screen in LG's X Screen is a nice feature and an eye-catcher, particularly in this price range. However, LG had to make cutbacks in other places for this, and this is unfortunately noticed everywhere in LG's X Screen. The speaker squeals with treble-heavy sound, the screen is below-average for the category and is not very bright.. Of course, the smartphone has its good sides: The reception is decent, the casing relatively stable, and DLNA and NFC are on board. Touchscreen control functions reliably, and it is also exemplary that LG preloads the latest Android version.. Users who do not want to forgo a second screen in this price range will have to accept clear restrictions in other aspects.. Overall, we would only recommend LG's X Screen to users who really deem a second screen as the main purchase reason. Otherwise, there are many much better offers with higher resolution screens and better cameras in this price range.. LG X Screen - 2016-06-13 06/13/2016 v5.1 Florian Wimmer. Please share our article, every link counts!. > Notebook / Laptop Reviews and News > Reviews > LG X Screen Smartphone Review. 
This website uses cookies to ensure you get the best experience on our website.. Be part of the largest Android community. Already registered? Log in here. LG X Screen review: double vision. Come and see what the LG X Screen has to offer. LG presented two new mid-range smartphones next to its flagship LG G5 at MWC in Barcelona this year. Now we're putting one of those devices, the LG X Screen, to the test. One particularly exciting question is whether the second screen is really a selling point. Come and see how this smartphone performs.. LG X Screen release date and price. The LG X Screen is already available for purchase from retailers. The devices are available in black, pink and white and the prices don't vary between colors. You can get the device from the link below.. LG X Screen design and build quality. The nano-SIM and microSD card slot above the power button. The LG X Screen with a slightly protruding edge. The LG X Screen is made of polycarbonate but the edge is made to appear like metal. Its display is 4.93 inches making it. But the upper part of the device has the special 1.8-inch extra always on. display and makes the device a bit longer. Therefore, it cannot be considered a compact device.. we find a microSD and nano-SIM card slot with the powerbutton. On the other edge there is the volume rocker. The micro-USB port is next to the speaker at the bottom of the device. buttons have a good response time.. The 4.93-inch high-definition screen is flat. LG didn't use the slightly bent screen we saw from the LG Spirit. The edges are slightly on the screen which protects it from scratches. However, the feel suffers a bit from this because the edge always remains perceptible.. A typical LG feature is not found on the LG X Screen: the back buttons are gone and set on the side edges to enable a flatter surface. The design of the LG X Screen is minimalistic. The flat back material is reminiscent of the time-honored Optimus G. For visual variety, all of the buttons and ports are integrated within a. metal-like strip running around the device.. The display of the LG X Screen at maximum brightness. The LG X Screen has a dual screen display. The main display is a 720p. The pixel density is high enough so that individual pixels are hard to see. However, the round or sloping edges are slightly blurred. This effect disappears only with higher resolution displays.. Disappointingly, the maximum brightness of the LG X Screen display is low. In bright conditions it is always a bit too dark. Also, even when you manually adjust the screen to maximum, the display remains too dark. This is not optimal for viewing a various angles. Even so, there is no color distortion.. You can access some functions from the second screen / © ANDROIDPIT. The most important feature of the LG X Screen is the second screen, which is located above the main screen. Like with the V10, the second screen is 1.8 inches diagonal. with a low resolution of 520 x 80 pixels. On it you can create or display notifications and include your app shortcuts. And you can switch back and forth between the different functions of the second screen.. The secondary display has an always on function. However, the small screen is on standby mode and is weak so it's not possible to view in bright conditions or with odd viewing angles. The quick settings are always on like Bluetooth, Wi-Fi, sound and flashlight. These settings are generally not so helpful as they. Operationally, the additional display provides further functionality. The LG X Screen shows notifications as well and allows configurable app shortcuts or access to contacts. LG allows apps where it will display your own content or control.. It would be more helpful to have a zoom function, which is there but not adjustable. The second screen is really handy when displaying the recently used apps. Up to five recently used apps are up and you can see and switch between them.. The interface is unique and elegant. Access additional settings for the notifications though the panel. The LG X Screen uses the same Android 6.0.1 as the G5 with a renewed software interface. It looks more elegant due to the Roboto font, modified symbols and more elegant structure than previous devices. Only 20 apps are pre-installed on the phone. These include a fitness app from LG and the usual Google apps. With less pre-installed apps you have more creative. You can access additional settings for. by clicking on the edit button (the pencil) here you have some additional settings like hotspots, battery saver and color inversion. LG also decided to grant access to widgets in another tab where the installed apps are stored.. The benchmarks for the LG X Screen are passable but by no means spectacular. The built-in LG X Screen quad-core Snapdragon 410 processor clocked at a maximum of 1.2 GHz and is designed for certain games and other applications. The focus of the LG X Screen is on enabling chatting, surfing and listening to music without interruptions. The chipset is backed with 2 GB RAM and is adequate for extensive multitasking.. LG has managed to optimize the software insofar as the UI is rarely jerky and usually responds nimbly. the recently used apps open with a delay.. High-performance customers will not be satisfied with a Snapdragon 410. Demanding games are playable but the frame rate is a bit low.. But if you're interested in less elaborate games then the device will run smoothly.. The benchmarks reflect our experience with the device. Geekbench shows average results for the X Screen.. The audio jack and speakers are on both sides of the USB port. The built-in LG X Screen mono speaker is located on the bottom right of the micro-USB port. We listened to music on the device and the sound was uninspiring because the sound output is slightly labored. The maximum volume is decent but a little distorted. The mono speaker is not able to provide decent bass. If your finger obscures the speaker hole you can hardly hear the X Screen.. The quality of calls were good in our time with the device. This was true whether we made calls on speaker or not. The X Screen does not support VoLTE.. The camera for the X Screen is capable. The two camera modes, no HDR. My selfies with the LG X Screen. The LG X Screen has a 13 MP camera with an 8 MP selfie camera. The main camera illuminates dark areas with a simple LED flash.. The camera app can be switched between manual and automatic modes. The automatic mode should be the easy one but indeed the manual mode takes pictures faster. You need to release the button for automatic photos before a. picture is taken but with the manual mode you just need to tap the display.. The quality of the photos fits with the price of the device. Outdoors, the X Screen images were solid but lacked an automatic HDR function that could provide uniform illumination of images. The striking difference between the HDR and non-HDR images were in daylight shots.. The detail in our test shots with the main camera were sufficient. close-ups, fine details are clearly visible. A test shot with a small bunch of flowers had a good structure. The colors were true to real life. But smartphone photography enthusiasts will be unhappy with the X Screen's camera system.. Selfies on the X Screen performed quite well. The camera software provided a filter that could lessen the irregularities in the images. At a minimum, the result is a more realistic shot, as you can see from my test selfies below.. The LG X Screen captures video at a maximum of Full HD resolution and HD is preset. In video mode, the second screen serves as a zoom, which is an interesting feature.. The LG X Screen comes with a 2,300 mAh non-removable battery. This is sufficient enough to get a full day's normal use without a charge. However, a second day without a charge is out of the question.. We tested the battery with a PCMark test. This measures the amount of time it takes a smartphone to decrease in battery level from 80 to 20 percent. The benchmark simulates conventional activities such as surfing, texting and watching videos. The LG X Screen scored 6 hours and 13 minutes. This is a slightly above average result.. 142.6 x 71.8 x 7.1 mm. 1280 x 720 pixels (298 ppi). The LG X Screen would be a fairly ordinary mid-range smartphone if it weren't for the second screen. The X Screen doesn't perform all that well but the second screen does prove to be useful especially with recently used apps. Otherwise, the mediocrity of the X Screen is apparent. The display is always a bit too dark and the processing performance is just sufficient. The camera takes good snapshots and the front. The battery is decent and lasts a full day without a charge.. There are plenty of alternatives to this device like the Honor 5X or the Moto G 2015. The performance and features of these smartphones are adequate but the prices are lower than $200. With the Lenovo Moto G4 there will be another opponent on the market; albeit more expensive than the last generation.. Your article is really nice but i would have liked this phone if it would have a atleast Snapdragon 610 at this price..... Ah ah, what a joke this phone, and at that price! No point in buying it instead of [whatever you find around or even under 350 bucks].. MWC 2018 live updates: Sony's Xperia gets a makeover. * Please enter a valid email address. Almost done! Check your email to confirm your subscription.. Magazine – Current Android news. Deals – Save money on the best Android gear, accessories and software. Reviews – Android hardware reviews, tips and news. Community – Join in with the world's largest Android community. This website uses cookies to ensure you get the best experience on our website.. 
LG X Screen Review: In Depth. LG X Screen Review: Screen and media. LG X Screen Review: Features and OS. LG X Screen Review: Performance and battery life. Secondary screen Smooth performance Camera strong in low light. Main screen fails to impress Bettered by rivals. LG X Screen Review: We’ve spent a few days with LG’s new dual-screen smartphone, the LG X Screen, a more budget version of the premium LG V10 which came out last year. Here’s what we think of the LG X Screen, including the cameras, screen, performance, battery life and more.. The LG X Screen sports quite an attractive cut-price design that’s reminiscent of Samsung handsets like the Galaxy A3 and Galaxy A5. Silver edging gives way to a glossy rear, punctuated by an only-slightly-jutting camera lens. There’s a tiny bit of flex in the X Screen’s frame but it feels quite rugged, although don’t expect any water resistance.. You can’t prise off the back of the X Screen sadly, so there’s no way to access the battery like you can on LG’s flagship G5 phone. Instead, you slip the SIM card and memory card into a rather large drawer on the right edge, accessed with a bundled pin (or handy unfurled paperclip). And unlike many of LG’s other phones, the power and volume buttons aren’t rear mounted; they’re positioned on the sides instead.. The X Screen is quite comfortable to use one-handed thanks to its relatively compact design, although LG also gives you the option of a notifications drop-down button, which can be added to your toolbar at the bottom of the screen. This opens up the notifications bar with a quick tap, saving you from stretching your thumb up to the top of the display.. Check out our LG X Screen unboxing for a closer look.. The biggest selling point of the LG X Screen is the secondary display, a slim panel that sits just above the main 4.93-inch screen. This alternative display has all kinds of uses and for the most part is a worthwhile addition, although it’s not quite perfect.. We’ve already reviewed the LG X Screen’s main display and that funky second panel, so check out our LG X Screen dual-screen analysis. to hear more about what that bonus feature can do.. Android 6.0 Marshmallow is pre-installed on the LG X Screen, with LG’s usual tweaks wedged in for good measure. You get the Capture+ tool for sketching on your desktops (particularly useful if you need to make a note during a call), LG’s suite of management tools for keeping the X Screen running smoothly and free of clutters, and so on.. Like the LG G5, the X Screen by default doesn’t have an apps tray like vanilla Android (similar to the iPhone and Huawei’s handsets). Thankfully this is easy to change with LG’s latest UX update, and you can also choose to hide away pre-installed apps that you particularly dislike.. The LG X Screen packs in a quad-core ARMv7 processor and after a few days of use, we’ve not had any issues with performance. You can play the latest games at a decent frame rate and other apps run fine. Web browsing is a smooth experience too, thanks to the 4G support, although 5GHz WiFi is not supported.. Battery life is about average for a mid-range mobile. You can make it through a full day of use as long as you don’t go nuts, which sadly put the X Screen well behind rivals such as the Samsung Galaxy J5, which can survive for 48 hours on a charge. If you want to stream video non-stop then you’ll get just under five hours of playback, which is again more or less average.. A 13-megapixel camera with LED flash juts every so slughtly from the back of the X Screen, and it’s a perfectly respectable snapper – if you want a more capable camera, we suggest checking out the LG X Cam instead.. That said, the X Screen’s camera captures plenty of detail, impressing when photos are blown up on a big screen TV. Tricky lighting is its kryptonite, with bright areas often oversaturated; high contrast scenes give the lens some problems too, as you’ll see in our statue pic in the below gallery. But for an everyday shooter, it’ll do the job, and it’s surprisingly decent in low light too.. The front-facing 8-megapixel camera also produces crisp photos, but weirdly it seems more intent on focusing on the background rather than your face. Perhaps it was trying to save me from embarassment, to keep my weathered features as blurry as possible. In low light, you can expect very grainy, dark shots.. You can also shoot Full HD video on teh X Screen’s rear camera, with similar issues when it comes to lighting. However, detail levels are again strong and the lens is fast to focus, while some built-in stabilisation helps to cut down on judder when you’re walking and shooting at the same time. Check out our video sample below.. If it wasn’t for the LG X Screen’s second display, it would be a pretty bog-standard mid-range mobile. Performance is fine and battery life is about average, while the main 4.93-inch screen is a bit washed out and inferior to rivals like the Galaxy J5. Still, that secondary display is a cool feature that’s genuinely useful; but you’ll really need to want it to choose the X Screen over other handsets.. Many thanks to MobileFun for the X Screen review sample.. LG Watch Style Review: The best way in. LG G6 vs Google Pixel XL: Which is best for me?. Best LG phones you can buy in 2017. LG V30 vs LG V20 Rumours: What’s the difference?. LG Q6 launches: Specs, UK price and release date. LG Watch Style Review: The best way in. LG G6 vs Google Pixel XL: Which is best for me?. Best LG phones you can buy in 2017. LG V30 vs LG V20 Rumours: What’s the difference?. LG Q6 launches: Specs, UK price and release date. Sign up to our newsletter and be the first to hear about exclusive competitions , the best deals and the latest news. Mobile Phones · Features Best budget camera phones: The greatest mobile snappers for £299 and under. Broadband & TV · Features How do I stream Sky Go to a TV, to watch Sky shows or movies on a big screen?. Mobile Phones · Features Neko Atsume rare cats guide: How to get Cream-san, Bengal Jack and more. Mobile Phones · Features What is iOS and what does iOS stand for?. Broadband & TV · Features How can I watch Amazon Prime Video on my TV?. Sign up to our newsletter and be the first to hear about exclusive competitions , the best deals and the latest news. 
Our new search experience requires JavaScript to be enabled. Please enable JavaScript on your browser , then try again .. All Categories Antiques Art Baby Books Business & Industrial Cameras & Photo Cell Phones & Accessories Clothing, Shoes & Accessories Coins & Paper Money Collectibles Computers/Tablets & Networking Consumer Electronics Crafts Dolls & Bears DVDs & Movies eBay Motors Entertainment Memorabilia Gift Cards & Coupons Health & Beauty Home & Garden Jewelry & Watches Music Musical Instruments & Gear Pet Supplies Pottery & Glass Real Estate Specialty Services Sporting Goods Sports Mem, Cards & Fan Shop Stamps Tickets & Experiences Toys & Hobbies Travel Video Games & Consoles Everything Else. Hi ( Sign in to bid or buy) Daily Deals Gift Cards Help & Contact Sell. Summary Recently Viewed Bids/Offers Watch List Purchase History Selling Saved Searches Saved Sellers Messages. Refine your search for lg x screen. All Listings - Current page. Quickly compare offers in our new grouped view. results for lg x screen. Save lg x screen to get e-mail alerts and updates on your eBay Feed.. Unfollow lg x screen to stop getting updates on your eBay Feed.. You'll receive email and Feed alerts when new items arrive. Afghanistan - AFG Albania - ALB Algeria - DZA American Samoa - ASM Andorra - AND Angola - AGO Anguilla - AIA Antigua and Barbuda - ATG Argentina - ARG Armenia - ARM Aruba - ABW Australia - AUS Austria - AUT Azerbaijan Republic - AZE Bahamas - BHS Bahrain - BHR Bangladesh - BGD Barbados - BRB Belarus - BLR Belgium - BEL Belize - BLZ Benin - BEN Bermuda - BMU Bhutan - BTN Bolivia - BOL Bosnia and Herzegovina - BIH Botswana - BWA Brazil - BRA British Virgin Islands - VGB Brunei Darussalam - BRN Bulgaria - BGR Burkina Faso - BFA Burma - MMR Burundi - BDI Cambodia - KHM Cameroon - CMR Canada - CAN Cape Verde Islands - CPV Cayman Islands - CYM Central African Republic - CAF Chad - TCD Chile - CHL China - CHN Colombia - COL Comoros - COM Congo, Democratic Republic of the - COD Congo, Republic of the - COG Cook Islands - COK Costa Rica - CRI Cote d Ivoire (Ivory Coast) - CIV Croatia, Republic of - HRV Cyprus - CYP Czech Republic - CZE Denmark - DNK Djibouti - DJI Dominica - DMA Dominican Republic - DOM Ecuador - ECU Egypt - EGY El Salvador - SLV Equatorial Guinea - GNQ Eritrea - ERI Estonia - EST Ethiopia - ETH Falkland Islands (Islas Malvinas) - FLK Fiji - FJI Finland - FIN France - FRA French Guiana - GUF French Polynesia - PYF Gabon Republic - GAB Gambia - GMB Georgia - GEO Germany - DEU Ghana - GHA Gibraltar - GIB Greece - GRC Greenland - GRL Grenada - GRD Guadeloupe - GLP Guam - GUM Guatemala - GTM Guernsey - GGY Guinea - GIN Guinea-Bissau - GNB Guyana - GUY Haiti - HTI Honduras - HND Hong Kong - HKG Hungary - HUN Iceland - ISL India - IND Indonesia - IDN Ireland - IRL Israel - ISR Italy - ITA Jamaica - JAM Japan - JPN Jersey - JEY Jordan - JOR Kazakhstan - KAZ Kenya - KEN Kiribati - KIR Korea, South - KOR Kuwait - KWT Kyrgyzstan - KGZ Laos - LAO Latvia - LVA Lebanon - LBN Liechtenstein - LIE Lithuania - LTU Luxembourg - LUX Macau - MAC Macedonia - MKD Madagascar - MDG Malawi - MWI Malaysia - MYS Maldives - MDV Mali - MLI Malta - MLT Marshall Islands - MHL Martinique - MTQ Mauritania - MRT Mauritius - MUS Mayotte - MYT Mexico - MEX Micronesia - FSM Moldova - MDA Monaco - MCO Mongolia - MNG Montenegro - MNE Montserrat - MSR Morocco - MAR Mozambique - MOZ Namibia - NAM Nauru - NRU Nepal - NPL Netherlands - NLD Netherlands Antilles - ANT New Caledonia - NCL New Zealand - NZL Nicaragua - NIC Niger - NER Nigeria - NGA Niue - NIU Norway - NOR Oman - OMN Pakistan - PAK Palau - PLW Panama - PAN Papua New Guinea - PNG Paraguay - PRY Peru - PER Philippines - PHL Poland - POL Portugal - PRT Puerto Rico - PRI Qatar - QAT Reunion - REU Romania - ROU Russian Federation - RUS Rwanda - RWA Saint Helena - SHN Saint Kitts-Nevis - KNA Saint Lucia - LCA Saint Pierre and Miquelon - SPM Saint Vincent and the Grenadines - VCT San Marino - SMR Saudi Arabia - SAU Senegal - SEN Serbia - SRB Seychelles - SYC Sierra Leone - SLE Singapore - SGP Slovakia - SVK Slovenia - SVN Solomon Islands - SLB Somalia - SOM South Africa - ZAF Spain - ESP Sri Lanka - LKA Suriname - SUR Swaziland - SWZ Sweden - SWE Switzerland - CHE Taiwan - TWN Tajikistan - TJK Tanzania - TZA Thailand - THA Togo - TGO Tonga - TON Trinidad and Tobago - TTO Tunisia - TUN Turkey - TUR Turkmenistan - TKM Turks and Caicos Islands - TCA Tuvalu - TUV Uganda - UGA Ukraine - UKR United Arab Emirates - ARE United Kingdom - UK United States - USA Uruguay - URU Uzbekistan - UZB Vanuatu - VUT Vatican City State - VAT Venezuela - VEN Vietnam - VNM Virgin Islands (U.S) - VIR Wallis and Futuna - WLF Western Sahara - ESH Western Samoa - WSM Yemen - YEM Zambia - ZMB Zimbabwe - ZWE. 2x Tempered Glass Screen Protector f LG X Power 2 / X Charge/ Fiesta/ K10 Power. Luxury Genuine Leather Wallet Stand Flip Card Slot Case Cover Protector For LG. 2PCS High Tempered Glass Screen Protector Protective Guard For LG X Screen K500N. For G6 Hybrid Shockproof Cover Case+1x Tempered Glass Screen Protector for LG G6. Outer Front Screen Glass Lens For LG X Power2/X500/X Charge m327/M320G/(X3 20L/S). Tempered Glass Screen Protector Protective Film For LG G3 Stylus 2 Plus X Screen. 2X Premium Tempered Glass Film Screen Protector For Google Nexus 6P 6 5X 5 Pixel. 2X PREMIUM BALLISTIC TEMPERED GORILLA GLASS SCREEN PROTECTOR FOR LG G3 G4 G5 G6. 6Pcs 9H Real Tempered Glass Film Screen Protector Guard Cover For LG G3 G4 G5. For LG Fiesta LTE/X Charge/X Power 2 Tempered Glass LCD Screen Protector. 7 new & refurbished from $3.99. 2X 9H+ Premium Tempered Glass Film Screen Protector For LG G3 G4 G5 G6 K4 K8. Heavy Duty Shockproof Outdoor Sport Tough Armor Case Cover For LG G2 G3 G4 G5 G6. Premium Real Tempered Glass Screen Protector Protection Guard Film For LG X CAM. 3X 5X 9H+ Premium Tempered Glass Film Screen Protector Cover For LG Cell Phones. 2Pcs 9H+ Premium Tempered Glass Film Screen Protector For LG Cell Phone. Saver Tempered Glass Protective Screen Protector Film Cover For LG X Power 2 LV7. For LG X screen/K500 Skin TPU Soft Rubber Back Fashion Cover Shell Silicone Case. For LG Stylo 3/Stylo 3 Plus LS777 Premium Tempered Glass Screen Protector Flim. 9H 3Pcs Clear Premium Tempered Glass Film Sticker Screen Protector Guard For LG. Real Ultra Thin Tempered Glass Screen Protector For LG X Screen K500N. 2x 9H Premium Tempered Glass Screen Protector Foil Film Guard For LG G6 Q6 2017. 2x 9H Premium Temper Glass Screen Protector Film For LG K3 K4 K5 K8 K10 K20 Plus. Premium Real Tempered Glass Screen Protector Guard Film For LG X Screen K500N. 9H Tempered Glass Screen Protector Film For LG X Power K220 K220DS. For LG Retro Frosted Leather Flip Wallet Card Clip Soft Stand Cover Case. 5x Clear LCD Screen Protector Guard Cover Shield Film For LG Stylo 3 Plus. 2Pcs 9H Clear Tempered Glass Screen Protector Saver Film Guard For LG X Power 2. Outer Front Screen Glass Lens For LG k10 2017 V5 X400 M250N/K20 plus/K20 V/VS501. HD Premium Tempered Glass Screen Protector for LG X Power 2 G Stylo 2 3 Plus. 5x Clear LCD Screen Protector Guard Cover Film For LG K20 Plus / K20V /K10(2017). Outer Front Screen Glass Lens For LG X Power2/X500/X Charge/M320G/( X320L/S)+OCA. 2X Premium Real Tempered Glass Screen Protector Protective Film Guard for LG G3. 14 new & refurbished from $0.99. 5x Clear LCD Screen Protector Guard Cover Shield Film For LG V30 V30+. Outer Front Screen Glass Replacement Kit For LG Series w freeTool Kit. 2X Film For LG G4 Full Cover Premium Tempered Glass Screen Protector Protective. 100% Genuine Gorilla Tempered Glass Film Screen Protector For LG Model. For LG Google Nexus 5X HD Tempered Glass Screen Protector Protective Film Guard. For LG X Screen K500 Slim Hybrid Rubber Gel ShockProof Hard Case Cover ROSE GOLD. 5x Clear LCD Screen Protector Guard Cover Shield Film For LG Stylo 3 / Stylus 3. Nillkin Black Matte Shield Hard Back Case Cover + Screen Protector Film For LG. Luxury Metal Aluminum Frame Bumper Case + PC Mirror Back Cover Skin For LG Phone. Slim Soft Silicone Shockproof TPU Case Cover+Screen Protector Film For LG Phones. 9H+ Premium Tempered Glass Film Screen Protector Guard Cover For LG Cell Phones. For LG X Screen K500 Shockproof TUFF Hybrid Armor Brushed Rubber Hard Case Cover. For LG G3 G5 K4 K7 K8 K10 2017 Aluminum Metal Frame Mirror PC Phone Cover Case. 2Pcs New Tempered Glass HD Hardness Screen Protector Protective For LG K4 2017 5. For LG K7 X210 X210DS Front Screen Outer Lens Glass Panel. Rubber Patterned Silicone Clear Soft TPU Cute Back Cover Case For HongMi LG Sony. 9H Premium Tempered Glass Screen Protector For LG G Pad X2 8.0 Plus 8". 5x Clear LCD Screen Protector Guard Cover Shield Film For LG Phoenix 3 / M150. ** Hot Sell 5000 Sold ** For LG Series Model Phones. eBay determines this price through a machine learned model of the product's sale prices within the last 90 days.. eBay determines trending price through a machine learned model of the product’s sale prices within the last 90 days. "New" refers to a brand-new, unused, unopened, undamaged item, and "Used" refers to an item that has been used previously.. Top Rated Plus Sellers with highest buyer ratings Returns, money back Ships in a business day with tracking Learn More. Top Rated Plus Sellers with highest buyer ratings Returns, money back Ships in a business day with tracking Learn More. Cell Phones, Smart Watches & Accessories. Cell Phone Cases, Covers & Skins. Sports Memorabilia, Fan Shop & Sports Cards. $ Enter minimum price to $ Enter maximum price. Please enter a minimum and/or maximum price before continuing.. Site Map Copyright © 1995-2018 eBay Inc. Accessibility , User Agreement , Privacy , Cookies and AdChoice Norton Secured - powered by Verisign. Amounts shown in italicized text are for items listed in currency other than U.S. dollars and are approximate conversions to U.S. dollars based upon Bloomberg's conversion rates. For more recent exchange rates, please use the Universal Currency Converter. Number of bids and bid amounts may be slightly out of date. See each listing for international shipping options and costs.. 
The source for Tech Buying Advice. More Car Tech. Tech deals, prizes and latest news. The mid-range phone with the always-on second screen. Easily the stand-out feature for the LG X Screen is its titular second display.. Prior to this, LG has reserved its quirky ticker display for the high-end LG V10 , which launched in late 2015. Now it's brought the technology to this much smaller mid-range offering.. Sure enough, the secondary display is more compact and less sharp on the LG X Screen. It sits directly on top of the main display, and measures 1.76-inches with a 520 x 80 resolution.. It's always on, perpetually giving you the time, date, battery level, and any relevant notification icons from your apps. This secondary display remains quite dim when the phone is in sleep mode, which can make it difficult to read - I often had to pick it up to get a good look, which defeats some of the point.. You do notice it in bed at night, though, where it gives off a slightly eerie, dull glow. I found that I had to flip the phone over onto its front, but then I'm the kind of freak who needs total darkness in order to nod off.. To be honest, while it's a neat novelty, I found the secondary display to be largely superfluous. You can swipe across it to access quick settings and launch a selection of apps, but this is somewhat unnecessary when you're actually using the phone.. The home screen is right there below, and the settings are generally easier to access through the swipe-down notification menu, given the secondary display's awkward positioning and small size.. It's more useful to be able to access those settings toggles when the phone is in sleep mode, particularly when you want to, say, quickly mute the phone.. About the only genuine advantage to this second screen during active use, I found, was when watching videos or playing games. On such occasions, native app notifications will crop up there instead of getting in the way of what you're doing.. But even then, you'll probably be watching/playing in landscape, so you'll have to twist your head to the side to see them. Third party apps such as WhatsApp don't make the same use of the secondary screen in such situations, either.. Another key feature here, which you might not expect to find on a £200, US$360 smartphone, is an 8MP selfie camera. That's higher than usual in a phone at this level. LG clearly knows that this phone will be competing in the competitive tween and teen smartphone market, so it's understandable that LG has boosted the megapixel count beyond the norm.. I have to say, though, that I didn't notice a jump in quality for the pictures I took with the front camera. Even once I'd pushed the freaky beauty slider right down - a feature that initially made me look anything but beautiful - my selfies still tended to look slightly blurry and out-of-focus - particularly indoors.. Taking the phone outside in good natural lighting and using it to take a 'normal' picture confirmed that this isn't the hot camera its spec sheet seems to suggest, with lots of noise and a lack of dynamic range.. It's a slight shame also that there's no front-facing flash like you get with the Moto Z , Moto Z Force , and Moto Z Play , or even LG's own budget LG K7 and LG 10 range.. Prev Page Introduction and design. Next Page Performance and battery life. You can unsubscribe at any time and we'll never share your details without your permission.. Get the best tech deals, reviews, product advice, competitions, unmissable tech news and more!. 1 Samsung Galaxy S9 release date, price, news and features. 2 Samsung Galaxy S9 launch: as it happened. 3 Samsung Galaxy S9 live stream: how to watch today's big launch event. 4 MWC 2018: All the latest news from the show. 5 How to watch Arsenal v Man City live stream online for the Carabao Cup final NOW. 2 Samsung Galaxy S9 Plus review. 3 Samsung Galaxy S9 release date, price, news and features. 4 Samsung Galaxy S9 launch: as it happened. 5 BlackBerry: 'we understand we are not for everyone' but 'we're here to stay'. TechRadar is part of Future plc, an international media group and leading digital publisher. England and Wales company registration number 2008885.. 
Ver todos los videos en YouTube. LG X screen: Características y especificaciones. El LG X screen es un smartphone de gama media de la serie X que destaca su pantalla, con una secundaria siempre encendida de 1.76 pulgadas que complementa a la principal de 4.93 pulgadas con resolución HD, funcionalidad heredada del LG V10. Cuenta con un procesador quad-core a 1.2GHz, 2GB de RAM, 16GB de almacenamiento interno, cámara trasera de 13 MP, cámara frontal de 8 MP, batería de 2300 mAh y Android 6.0 Marshmallow.. Reviews de usuarios del LG X screen. No hay experiencias de usuarios del LG X screen. Cámara de alta resolución (13MP) Conectividad 4G LTE Pantalla secundaria (1.76") Buena densidad de pixels (298ppi). LG X screen características avanzadas. Mas opiniones del LG X screen. Opina sobre el LG X screen. GSM 850 / 900 / 1800 / 1900 - HSDPA - LTE. 142.6 x 71.8 x 7.1 mm. LCD IPS touchscreen capacitivo, 16M colores. 720 x 1280 pixels, 4.93 pulgadas. - Sensor acelerómetro para auto rotación. - Sensor de proximidad para auto apagado. - Pantalla secundaria 1.76 pulgadas a 520 x 80 pixels. - Conector de audio 3.5 mm. Entradas y campos prácticamente ilimitados, Foto de llamada. - 16GB memoria interna, 2GB RAM. SMS, MMS, Email, Push Mail, IM. 13 MP, autofocus, flash LED, foco táctil, detección de rostro y sonrisa, HDR, geo-tagging, video, cámara frontal 8 MP. - GPS con soporte A-GPS y GLONASS. - 3G HSDPA 42Mbps / HSUPA 5.76Mbps. - Wi-Fi 802.11 b/g/n; Wi-Fi Direct. Opiniones y Comentarios LG X screen. Hay 147 opiniones del LG X screen .. Alguien que me diga porque no puedo ver la segunda pantalla?😭 la amaba. Mi Lg screm no carga, lo he mantenido varias horas cargando, pero comienza bien y luego se descarga aun estando conectado a la electricidad, además ahora indica que la batería es 0% aunque indica que esta cargando, necesito ayuda xfaaaaaaa..gracias... Este teléfono cumple al 100% con la premisa: --Bueno, bonito y barato--. Recomendable, fluido, buen diseño, la batería justa único detalle no grave, experiencia de uso después de 1 mes, muy muy buena, música, apps, navegación, todo muy bien.. Me pasa lo mismo , alguna solución por favor !!. No puedo pasar ninguna app a la micro SD!!! Alguien lo ha logrado?? Que me diga cómo hacerlo.. ES UN CELULAR PADRE, EL UNICO PROBLEMA QUE YO TENGO ES QUE TARDA MUCHO TIEMPO EN RECIBIR CARGA... PASAN HORAS Y SOLO CARGO 15 O 20 %. EN VARIAS OCASIONES TENINDO 5% DE CARGA.. LO CONECTO A CARGAR Y SI LO SIGO UTLIZANDO SE APAGA, ES DECIR CONSUME MAS ENERGIA QUE LA QUE RECIBE..... Yo recomiendo ampliamente este celular, la verdad nunca me ha dado ningún problema, no se traba ni es lento, además es muy ligero y no es ostentoso.. Muy buen celular el LG x screen.. Tengo un año con el y ningun problema, yo encantada,. Mi lg X scren cuando le conecto el cargador aparece como que esta cargando pero no carga nada tengo que reiniciarlo o apagarlo para que me cargue, como puedo solucionar ese problema por favor. yo queria comprar un lg x screen pero segun los comentarios tal parece que da muchos problemas, mejor ahi muere.... Ver todas las Opiniones del LG X screen - Total de opiniones de usuarios: 147. Tu experiencia o preguntas sobre el LG X screen. - Sé preciso en la pregunta sobre el LG X screen. - Cuenta tus experiencias positivas y negativas. - No insultes, ni uses palabras groseras, si es así probablemente tu opinión se elimine. - Recuerda que smartGSM NO vende móviles ni celulares. Tu opinión vale! Recomienda (o no!) al LG X screen a otros usuarios. LG X cam y LG X screen comienzan a llegar a mercados de Europa y Latinoamérica. LG anuncia la serie X, comenzando con el LG X screen y LG X cam. Sony presenta dos nuevos flagships con nuevo lenguaje de diseño: los esperados Sony Xperia XZ2 y Xperia XZ2 Compact. Una alternativa más confiable para desbloquear la pantalla del Samsung Galaxy S9/S9+: Intelligent Scan. Dos propuestas de mediana a baja gama de ZTE: Blade V9 y Blade V9 VITA, dos modelos con ligeras diferencias. Podría ocurrir que se repitan en otro lado, pero las cámaras del Samsung Galaxy S9/S9+ son algo único. Presentación oficial: el Samsung Galaxy S9/S9+ no viene con muchas sorpresas, pero igualmente deslumbra. SmartGSM es una de las comunidades de habla hispana más grandes sobre teléfonos celulares. Fundado en el 2004, smartGSM cubre todas las noticias y novedades sobre telefonía móvil y provee características de teléfonos celulares, smartphones, tablets y wearables. smartGSM cuenta con una comunidad de usuarios que reflejan sus experiencias, opiniones y críticas sobre teléfonos celulares y tablets.. Las especificaciones de los celulares son a título informativo y pueden variar. smartGSM no se responsabiliza del uso de las mismas.. Copyright © 2004 - 2018 smart-gsm.com. 
Listed Price : 10,900. Full Specifications of LG X Screen. 2G Network Technology GSM – 850/900/1800/1900 MHz. 3G Network Technology WCDMA - 850/900/1900/2100 MHz. Sales Package Handset, Battery, Charger,User Manual. Display Size 4.93-inch main display and 1.76-inch LCD display at 520*80 pixels. Internal Memory 16 GB, 2 GB RAM. SD Card Presence/Capacity microSD, up to 2TB. Processor Qualcomm Snapdragon 410 Quad-core 1.2GHz Processor. Camera resolution 13 MP with Auto Focus. Camera Features Auto, Panorama, LED Flash, Geo-Tagging. Size (L by B by T) 142.6 x 71.8 x 7.1 mm. Battery Life - Standby Up to 120hrs (2G) / Up to 120hrs (3G). Battery Life - Talk Time Up to 570 mins (2G) / Up to 780 mins (3G). LG X Screen with dual-display launched in India for 12,990: Price, specifications, features. LG X Screen with dual-displays to launch in India on July 18: Price, specifications, features. LG X Cam, X Screen smartphones announced ahead of MWC: Specifications, features. LG X Screen Reviews in India. LG X Screen Features & Specs. LG X Screen Vs LG X Power. LG X Screen Vs LG K10. LG X Screen Vs LG G4. LG X Screen Vs LG K10 (2017). 44,990 Buy Now. LG X Screen smartphone launch in two variants display being 4.93-inch primary and 1.76-inch secondary display, also features a Qualcomm Snapdragon 410 quad-core 1.2GHz processor, 2GB of RAM, 16GB internal storage and runs on Android 6.0 Marshmallow. Other connectivity options like dual-SIM card slots, 4G LTE support, Wi-Fi, GPS and Bluetooth.. Processor Qualcomm Snapdragon 410 Quad-core 1.2GHz Processor. Camera 13 MP with Auto Focus. Internal Memory 16 GB, 2 GB RAM. Own this mobile? Be first to review. Kul Bhushan on Jul 18, 2016 07:37 PM. The new LG X Screen comes with dual displays, with the .... Sambit Satpathy on Jul 15, 2016 04:15 PM. The LG X Screen launching on July 18 has a 4.93-inch .... Sambit Satpathy on Feb 15, 2016 11:48 AM. LG will launch a new series of smartphones at MWC later .... Write a Review on LG X Screen. #MWC2018 : Sony #MWC2018 , #MWC2018 launched with bezel-less design @sonyxperia … buff.ly/2FtQbVj. @oneplus adding HD video streaming support on #OnePlus5 and #OnePlus5 but there is a catch buff.ly/2FyhA8w https://t.co/mw5rGXJZPE. Energizer Hardcase H590S with 6GB RAM, quad-camera launched #Energizer buff.ly/2F7LvGW https://t.co/b1whuD2uuo. 
The next video is starting stop. Want to watch this again later?. Sign in to add this video to a playlist.. Sign in to report inappropriate content.. Sign in to make your opinion count.. Sign in to make your opinion count.. Rating is available when the video has been rented.. This feature is not available right now. Kompletní článek naleznete zde: https://mobilenet.cz/c/30499 Technické parametry najdete v našem katalogu zde: https://mobilenet.cz/katalog/lg-x-scr... Na začátku letošního roku představilo LG svou novou strategii, do levnějších modelů vložit některé vlastnosti ze svých nejdražších zařízení. Právě tak vzniklo i LG X Screen, levný 5palcový elegán s ne jedním, ale hned dvěma displeji, stejně jako tomu bylo u loňského LG V10. Je však jedinečnost vše, co může X Screen nabídnout?. When autoplay is enabled, a suggested video will automatically play next.. LG X screen K500N (recenzia). Lenovo CPlus a Folio (Lenovo TechWorld 2016). Samsung Galaxy S9 a S9+ (MWC 2018). LG X screen: Smartphone mit Dual-Display für 169 Euro – Test. LG X Screen Review - First Look - Nothing Wired. LG X Screen - Unboxing & First Look! (4K). LG X Screen Unboxing And Hands On Review | Intellect Digest. Výběr smartphonů do 6 500 Kč. LG X Screen & LG X Cam Hands On. LG X Screen - recenzja, Mobzilla odc. Sign in to add this to Watch Later. 
LG X Screen: Dual display features and review. LG X Screen display review: Specs and quality. LG X Screen display review: What can that X Screen second display do?. LG X Screen display review: Shortcomings. We review the LG X Screen ’s dual display setup, checking out the main features and any advantages that the second screen offers, as well as any limitations.. Like the V10 before it, the big draw of LG’s X Screen smartphone is that dinky second screen sat directly above the main display. This offers a neat way of constantly displaying information while preserving battery life, as well as shortcuts to your favourite apps and services.. Here’s everything you need to know about the LG X Screen’s mini display, including how to set it up, the best secondary screen features and whether it’s actually any good.. Read next: LG X Screen review. The LG X Screen’s main display is a 4.93-inch panel packing a 720×1280 HD resolution, and it’s a perfectly respectable lower-tier panel. Colours are quite muted and viewing angles aren’t fantastic, but it’s bright enough to counter irritating glare and sharp enough to make the most of your high-def videos.. However, the star of the show is that 1.76-inch secondary display above the LG X Screen’s main panel. This narrow strip stretches almost the whole width of the X Screen’s primary display and the two blend seamlessly, although they function completely separately.. The quality of that secondary display is pretty much identical to the main screen. A 520×80 resolution keeps things perfectly sharp again, so your icons and shortcuts look nice and crisp, but viewing angles are once again less than stellar.. While the LG G5 had its always-on screen, which showed any waiting notifications when the phone was hibernating, the LG X Screen uses that second display to do much the same thing. While your X Screen is sleeping, that dinky screen still shows the date and time as well as any messages and other bits that haven’t been looked at yet. This saves you from having to wake the handset for a quick check (which at least can be quickly accomplished with a quick double-tap of the screen).. Information is displayed as white on black, so that screen drains very little power when the phone isn’t in use. In fact, if the X Screen is tucked away inside a pocket or bag, the second screen is automatically deactivated to conserve energy.. That’s not the end of the second screen’s functionality, however. Swipe left or right and you’ll bring up a selection of your preferred toggles and shortcuts (including quick camera access and WiFi) and media controls (with support for third-party apps like Napster and Spotify), which work perfectly without powering up the main screen.. When you actually wake up the X Screen and start to use it, the mini display continues to prove its worth. You can customise exactly what shortcuts and other info pops up when you swipe through the menus, including favourite contacts, app shortcuts, your next calendar entry and so on.. Messages and incoming calls also flash up in that window when you’re busy with other apps, so they don’t invade the main screen and fully disturb you. It’s a neat touch that’s much appreciated, especially when you’re playing a game.. Although it’s a useful and undeniably funky feature, the X Screen’s second display isn’t quite perfect.. When your phone is hibernating, it’s handy having the time and notification alerts available at a quick glance. However, while the G5’s Always On read-out was easy to see at a quick glance, thanks to the large, bold text, you’ll need to hover your face quite close to the X Screen’s dinky second display to see what’s on offer. A matter that’s not helped by the ropey viewing angles.. Quite often I found myself picking up or moving the X Screen to check on that dinky display, which almost tramples on the whole point of it.. There’s also no way to set airplane mode as one of the shortcut toggles, which is a real shame. We find ourselves using that feature a lot when heading into meetings or the studio, so a means of setting it in just a second or so without waking the phone would have been appreciated. It’s no biggie, but it’s still mildly annoying.. Check out our full LG X Screen review .. LG G6 vs Google Pixel XL: Which is best for me?. Best LG phones you can buy in 2017. LG V30 vs LG V20 Rumours: What’s the difference?. LG Q6 launches: Specs, UK price and release date. LG Watch Style Review: The best way in. LG G6 vs Google Pixel XL: Which is best for me?. Best LG phones you can buy in 2017. LG V30 vs LG V20 Rumours: What’s the difference?. LG Q6 launches: Specs, UK price and release date. LG Watch Style Review: The best way in. Sign up to our newsletter and be the first to hear about exclusive competitions , the best deals and the latest news. Mobile Phones · Features Best budget camera phones: The greatest mobile snappers for £299 and under. Broadband & TV · Features How do I stream Sky Go to a TV, to watch Sky shows or movies on a big screen?. Mobile Phones · Features Neko Atsume rare cats guide: How to get Cream-san, Bengal Jack and more. Mobile Phones · Features What is iOS and what does iOS stand for?. Broadband & TV · Features How can I watch Amazon Prime Video on my TV?. Sign up to our newsletter and be the first to hear about exclusive competitions , the best deals and the latest news. 
Sign up for our daily newsletter. Toggle menus Toggle search. Home Mobiles Tablets PCs Laptops Cameras Games Appliances TVs Wearables Printers Software Accessories Networks Storage Video Cameras. Latest deals Coffee machines Broadband PC Performance Sky Soundbox Nintendo Switch Baby products Newsletter. You are here: Home LG LG X Screen review: Seeing double. LG X Screen review: Seeing double. facebook twitter google+ email Comments. Page 1 of 2 LG X Screen review: Seeing double 1. LG X Screen review: Seeing double 2. Battery Life, Camera, Verdict & Specifications. The second screen is more useful than Samsung's Galaxy Edge efforts, but the rest of the LG X Screen just doesn't measure up. Processor : Quad-core 1.2GHz Qualcomm Snapdragon 410, Screen Size : 5in (1.7in, secondary display), Screen resolution : 1,280x720 (80x520, secondary display), Rear camera : 13 megapixels, Storage (free) : 16GB (10GB), Wireless data : 3G, 4G, Dimensions : 143x72x7.1mm, Weight : 120g, Operating system : Android 6.0.1. Buy LG X Screen accessories now from Mobile Fun. LG has taken a slightly different approach to its mid-range smartphones this year. Instead of simply creating a cheaper version of its flagship LG G5 , it's taking the phone's key features and sharing them out across several different handsets. The first to land in the Expert Reviews office is the LG X Screen, which takes the G5's always-on display and crams it into a second screen that sits above the X Screen's main display.. It's a similar idea to Samsung's S7 Edge forerunner, the. Galaxy Note Edge , but LG's take on the second screen is arguably a lot more practical than Samsung's sloping edge display. On the X Screen, the second display only measures 1.7in and it has a tiny resolution of 80 x 250 pixels, but that's still plenty of room to display the time, date, battery status and notification icons when the main screen is turned off.. What's more, the second screen operates completely independently of the main display, so even when the main display is switched off, you can swipe right and left to access extra options, from settings shortcuts to media playback controls. With the phone switched on the LG X Screen’s second screen changes its spots and offers up. app and contact shortcuts, plus weather forecasts and more.. On a phone that costs a shade under £190 SIM-free, it’s seriously impressive stuff, and it gives the LG an edge over more straight-laced budget smartphones such as the Motorola Moto G4 when it comes to features. I’m also a fan of the main display’s smaller 5in size, which means it’s much more compact than the Moto G4 and kinder on your pockets.. It's disarmingly light, too, weighing a mere 120g. Good thing, then, that it has a glass rear to give it some much-needed rigidity; otherwise, its featherweight chassis might have felt a little cheap and flimsy. It still picks up its fair share of fingerprints, but at least its black finish makes them harder to spot than Samsung's glass-backed handsets, such as the 2016 Samsung Galaxy A3 .. However, for all the second screen's extra convenience, the quality of the LG X Screen's main 5in, 1,280 x 720 display leaves a lot to be desired. Covering just 68.9% of the sRGB colour gamut, it's far from the prettiest display around, and its colour reproduction falls short in almost every major category, with reds and magentas suffering the most. As a result, colours look quite cool and muted, and its peak brightness of just 352cd/m 2 makes it even harder to see them in direct sunlight.. Its contrast ratio of 1,756:1 is more impressive, but I still had issues with the phone's viewing angles. Tilt the screen slightly to the side, for instance, and the colour cast shifts almost immediately, darkening the screen. The same thing happens if you tilt it up and down, too, which can be frustrating if you're on a packed commuter train and don't have a lot of room to manoeuvre it into a better position.. The X Screen's quad-core 1.2GHz Qualcomm Snapdragon 410 processor and 2GB of RAM also lags behind its rivals for overall speed. Ever since the Moto G4 blasted away the competition with its super-fast, octa-core Snapdragon 617 processor, every other budget phone has felt sluggish by comparison, and the X Screen, sadly, also falls behind.. It showed in the benchmarks, too. The LG X Screen completed our Geekbench 3 tests with a score of only 413 for the single core test and 1,315 for the multi-core test. Compare these with the Moto G4's figures of 717 and 3,107 and the difference is night and day. The X Screen felt slow when it came to web browsing, with media-heavy pages feeling slow and sluggish when scrolling up and down.. Likewise, gaming isn’t the smoothest on the LG X Screen. The phone achieved a mere 1.8fps in the offscreen Manhattan 3.0 test in GFX Bench GL. Admittedly, it's pretty handy having the second screen here, as you can still keep an eye on the time, the battery status and any notifications that come in while you're gaming. However, the phone struggled with demanding 3D titles, and even games like Hearthstone and Threes weren't as smooth as I’d like.. Page 1 of 2 LG X Screen review: Seeing double 1. LG X Screen review: Seeing double 2. Battery Life, Camera, Verdict & Specifications. Best phone battery life 2018: The BEST smartphones ranked. The best phone cameras in 2018. Samsung Galaxy S9: Even MORE expensive than the Galaxy S8. Need a phone upgrade? Find out the best upcoming phones. OnePlus 6 could get facial recognition. Samsung Galaxy Note 9: Launching in August?. Google Pixel 3: Release date, rumours and news. The best Android phones money can buy. MWC 2018: The best launches from Mobile World Congress. LG G7: Is LG's next flagship really delayed?. Find out the best budget smartphones you can buy. Huawei P Smart: An 18:9 budget phone. Lenovo P2 review: The best smartphone battery life, period. Sony Xperia XA2 review: Mid-range magnificence. Honor 9 Lite review: An 18:9 budget marvel. Sony Xperia XA2 review: Mid-range magnificence. Xiaomi Redmi Note 4X: The king of budget smartphones?. Samsung Galaxy A5 review: A worthy Galaxy S8 stand-in. Honor 9 review: Better than the OnePlus 5T?. Sony Xperia XZ2 Compact: Size doesn’t matter. MWC 2018: The best launches from Mobile World Congress. Sony Xperia XZ2: Sony’s latest flagship launched at MWC. Samsung Galaxy S9 Plus: A dual-camera delight. Samsung Galaxy S9: Ultra low-light photography. Best Wi-Fi extenders: Better coverage, faster downloads. IT Pro Alphr Know Your Mobile Channel Pro Cloud Pro. About us Company website Contact us Privacy notice Affiliate policy Manage my mags. © Dennis, a trading name of Dennis Publishing Ltd, registered in England & Wales no. Registered address: 31-32 Alfred Place, London, WC1E 7DP. Dennis is run for the benefit of the Heart of England Forest , a registered charity dedicated to planting tomorrow’s great native woodland one tree at a time.. 
Home / LG Mobile Price in Bangladesh / LG X Screen. Price in Bangladesh: 22,500 Tk. Battery Type & Performance Lithium-polymer 2300 mAh (Non-removable). Body & Weight 142.6 x 71.8 x 7.1 millimeter, 120 gram. Camera Factors (Back) Autofocus LED flash, f/2.2 aperture, auto face detection, panorama mode. Camera Resolution (Front) 8 Megapixel (Full HD video, 1080p). Colors Available Black, White, Pink Gold. Display Size & Resolution 5.0 inches, HD 1280 x 720 pixels (298 ppi). Graphic Processing Unit (GPU) Adreno 306. Memory Card (External Slot) Expandable up to 256 GB (dedicated slot). SIM Card Type Dual SIM (Nano-SIM, dual stand-by). Video Recording Full HD, 1080p (1920 x 1080 pixels). Wireless LAN Yes, WiFi Direct, Wi-Fi Hotspot, DLNA. Special Features - Secondary display, 80 x 520 pixels, 1.76 inches. Other Features - Bluetooth, GPS, A-GPS, MP3, MP4, Radio, GPRS, Edge. Price in Bangladesh: 22,500 Tk. Battery Type & Performance Lithium-polymer 2300 mAh (Non-removable). Body & Weight 142.6 x 71.8 x 7.1 millimeter, 120 gram. Camera Factors (Back) Autofocus LED flash, f/2.2 aperture, auto face detection, panorama mode. Camera Resolution (Front) 8 Megapixel (Full HD video, 1080p). Colors Available Black, White, Pink Gold. Display Size & Resolution 5.0 inches, HD 1280 x 720 pixels (298 ppi). Graphic Processing Unit (GPU) Adreno 306. Memory Card (External Slot) Expandable up to 256 GB (dedicated slot). SIM Card Type Dual SIM (Nano-SIM, dual stand-by). Video Recording Full HD, 1080p (1920 x 1080 pixels). Wireless LAN Yes, WiFi Direct, Wi-Fi Hotspot, DLNA. Special Features - Secondary display, 80 x 520 pixels, 1.76 inches. Other Features - Bluetooth, GPS, A-GPS, MP3, MP4, Radio, GPRS, Edge. LG X Screen Rating by MobileDokan. User Rating: 2.83 ( 8 votes). LG X Screen Rating by MobileDokan. User Rating: 2.83 ( 8 votes). Related Devices and Prices in Bangladesh Oppo F1s New Edition 23,900 Tk. Helio S25 21,990 Tk. LG G6 54,900 Tk. LG Q6 24,900 Tk. LG Nexus 5X 21,500 Tk. LG Class 21,900 Tk. LG G Pro Lite Dual 24,999 Tk. LG Enact VS890 28,000 Tk. LG Lucid2 VS870 30,000 Tk. LG G2 Mini 26,900 Tk.. LG Mobile Price in Bangladesh Android Mobile Price in Bangladesh , Price: BDT 20001 to 30000 , Smartphone Price in Bangladesh. Leave a Reply Cancel reply. We do not guarantee that the information on this page is 100% accurate and up-to-date.. © 2013-2018 mobiledokan.com - All rights reserved. 
Largest Gadget Discovery Site in India. OnePlus 5T Xiaomi Redmi 5A Apple iPhone X Honor 7X Oppo F5. LG X screen Price in India. Updated on: Feb 26, 2018. Market status: Available in India. A giant in electronics, LG has been making smartphones for a long time. Popular for its "G" series, the Korean firm is credited with launching the world's first dual-core phone, first curved phone and has partnered with Google on multiple occassions to deliver Nexus devices.. LG has over 700 service centres in India.. Overview Prices User Reviews Specs competitors Q&A. LG X screen details Read more. Latest OS Nice cameras Ample Expandable storage. The LG X screen is a great phone with superb cameras. The main USP of the phone includes Android's latest Marshmallow, NFC and large storage capacity. However, a better battery would have filled in the empty spaces. Considering the price of LG X screen, there are lot of better options with much advanced features such as K4 note, Redmi Note 3 around this budget.. The LG X screen comes with a 4.93-inch IPS LCD HD (720 x 1,280 pixels) display with a native screen resolution of 298ppi. Acting as main worker is a 1.2GHz Cortex A53 quad-core processor aided along with 2GB RAM seated on a Qualcomm Snapdragon chipset which make sure the device work smoothly. It runs on the latest Android v6.0 (Marshmallow) and is available in multiple colour variants.. In order to click pictures, the device is armed with a 13MP main camera inclusive of Auto focus, LED flash and digital zoom feature. The device offers a wide range of options such as Auto Flash, Continuous Shooting, Digital image stabilization, Exposure compensation, Face detection, Geo tagging, High Dynamic Range mode (HDR), ISO control, Touch to focus and White balance presets. Selfie lovers can rely on the 8MP front snapper which captures great shots especially during daylight. On the storage ground, the device offers an internal memory of 16GB which can be further expanded up to a massive 128GB using a microSD card.. The device sips its juice from a 2,300mAh li-ion battery which keeps the show running for long hours. On the connectivity front, the device offers GPRS, EDGE, , 4G , Wi-Fi 802.11, b/g/n, Mobile Hotspot, Bluetooth v4.1, A2DP, GPS with A-GPS, USB port and NFC which give users the option to share data according to their own convenience.. LG X screen PRICE IN INDIA. LG X screen price in India starts from Rs. The lowest price of LG X screen is Rs. The latest price of this phone is updated on Feb 26, 2018.. Extra 5% off with Axis Bank Buzz Credit Card Apply for Credit Card @ BankBazaar». First time mobile buyers, Get Extra 10% off on your next purchase on select fashion products. Extra 5% off with Axis Bank Buzz Credit Card. Extra 5% off with Axis Bank Buzz Credit Card Apply for Credit Card @ BankBazaar» .. First time mobile buyers, Get Extra 10% off on your next purchase on select fashion products.. Sorry, we could not find any store with selected criteria.. Disclaimer: The price & specs shown may be different from actual. Please confirm on the retailer site before purchasing. Extra 5% off with Axis Bank Buzz Credit Card Apply for Credit Card @ BankBazaar». First time mobile buyers, Get Extra 10% off on your next purchase on select fashion products. Apply for a credit card on bankbazaar.com, and get free Amazon vouchers worth Rs. Performance ▾. Group: 6 - 10 K Phones Based on specs, benchmarks & expert ratings. See Best Performance Phones in 6 - 10 K. 6 - 10 K Phones All Phones. Display ▾. Group: 6 - 10 K Phones Based on specs, benchmarks & expert ratings. See Phones with Best Display in 6 - 10 K. 6 - 10 K Phones All Phones. Camera ▾. Rear Camera compared to. Group: 6 - 10 K Phones Based on specs, benchmarks & expert ratings. See Best Rear Camera Phones in 6 - 10 K. 6 - 10 K Phones All Phones. Battery ▾. Group: 6 - 10 K Phones Based on specs, benchmarks & expert ratings. See Phones with Best Battery Life in 6 - 10 K. 6 - 10 K Phones All Phones. Supports Indian bands VoLTE 16 GB + 128 GB Expandable Dual SIM: Nano + Nano (Hybr... What makes LG X screen unique?. The thinnest LG phone priced around Rs. Top 10 mobile phones in India. Top 10 4G Mobiles Below 15000. Review talking about - Read all Great camera Reviews. BASED ON 198 RATING(S). 04 Nov 2016 By Daewoo Mishra On flipkart.com. 07 Nov 2016 By Flipkart Customer On flipkart.com. But storage gave 32 gb that forget lg brand... LG X Screen with always-on secondary display launched in India, yours for Rs 12,990. Jul 18 2016 By Akshay Kumar. The X Screen’s ticker display lets you easily access frequently used apps, answer calls, check notifications and more. 6 - 10 K Phones all phones. SIM1: Nano SIM2: Nano (Hybrid) Network. 4G: Available (supports Indian bands) 3G: Available, 2G: Available Fingerprint Sensor. Group: 6 - 10 K Phones Based on specs, benchmarks & expert ratings See Slimmest Phones in 6 - 10 K. 6 - 10 K Phones All Phones. Group: 6 - 10 K Phones Based on specs, benchmarks & expert ratings See Lightest Phones in 6 - 10 K. 6 - 10 K Phones All Phones. 4.93 inches (12.52 cm) Screen Resolution. HD (720 x 1280 pixels) Pixel Density. Capacitive Touchscreen, Multi-touch Screen to Body Ratio. Group: 6 - 10 K Phones Based on specs, benchmarks & expert ratings See Phones with Best Display in 6 - 10 K. 6 - 10 K Phones All Phones. Pixel Density compared to. Group: 6 - 10 K Phones Based on specs, benchmarks & expert ratings See Phones with Sharpest Screen in 6 - 10 K. 6 - 10 K Phones All Phones. Quad core, 1.2 GHz, Cortex A53. Group: 6 - 10 K Phones Based on specs, benchmarks & expert ratings See Best Performance Phones in 6 - 10 K. 6 - 10 K Phones All Phones. Group: 6 - 10 K Phones Based on specs, benchmarks & expert ratings See Phones with Best Processor in 6 - 10 K. 6 - 10 K Phones All Phones. Quad core, 1.2 GHz, Cortex A53, Chipset: Qualcomm Snapdragon 410 MSM8916. Quad core, 1.3 GHz, Cortex A7, Chipset: MediaTek MT6580. Octa core, 2.2 GHz, Cortex A53, Chipset: Qualcomm MSM8953 Pro Snapdragon 626. Group: 6 - 10 K Phones Based on specs, benchmarks & expert ratings See Phones with Highest RAM in 6 - 10 K. 6 - 10 K Phones All Phones. Up to 128 GB User Available Storage. Group: 6 - 10 K Phones Based on specs, benchmarks & expert ratings See Phones with Best Storage in 6 - 10 K. 6 - 10 K Phones All Phones. Internal Memory compared to. Group: 6 - 10 K Phones Based on specs, benchmarks & expert ratings See Phones with Highest Internal Memory in 6 - 10 K. 6 - 10 K Phones All Phones. Exposure compensation, ISO control Shooting Modes. Continuos Shooting, High Dynamic Range mode (HDR) Camera Features. 4 x Digital Zoom, Auto Flash, Digital image stabilization, Face detection, Touch to focus Video Recording. Rear Camera compared to. Group: 6 - 10 K Phones Based on specs, benchmarks & expert ratings See Best Rear Camera Phones in 6 - 10 K. 6 - 10 K Phones All Phones. Main Camera compared to. Group: 6 - 10 K Phones Based on specs, benchmarks & expert ratings See Phones with Best Main Camera in 6 - 10 K. 6 - 10 K Phones All Phones. Front Camera compared to. Group: 6 - 10 K Phones Based on specs, benchmarks & expert ratings See Phones with Highest Front Camera Resolution in 6 - 10 K. 6 - 10 K Phones All Phones. Up to 14 Hours(3G) / Up to 9 Hours(2G) Standby time. Up to 120 Hours(3G) / Up to 120 Hours(2G). Group: 6 - 10 K Phones Based on specs, benchmarks & expert ratings See Phones with Best Battery Life in 6 - 10 K. 6 - 10 K Phones All Phones. SIM1: Nano, SIM2: Nano (Hybrid) Network Support. 4G (supports Indian bands), 3G, 2G VoLTE. TD-LTE 2300(band 40) FD-LTE 1800(band 3) / 850(band 5). UMTS 1900 / 2100 / 900 MHz. GSM 1800 / 1900 / 850 / 900 MHz. GSM 1800 / 1900 / 850 / 900 MHz. RDS, Recording option, Stereo FM Loudspeaker. Light sensor, Proximity sensor, Accelerometer, Compass. Disclaimer: The price & specs shown may be different from actual. Please confirm on the retailer site before purchasing. Show only Android LG Phablet Dual SIM Camera 5 MP & above. I don't want to see this. Larger screen: 5.3 inches vs 4.93 inches. Quad core 1.3 GHz vs Quad core 1.2 GHz. Higher battery capacity: 4100 mAH vs 2300 mAH. OS: Android RAM: 2 GB Primary camera: 13 MP SIM card slots: 2 Internal Memory: 16 GB 610 people viewed together 1333 people compared together. Lower pixel density: 277 ppi vs 298 ppi. Lesser expandable memory: 32 GB vs 128 GB. Lower secondary camera resolution: 5 MP vs 8 MP. More thickness: 7.9 mm vs 7.1 mm. More weight: 139 grams vs 120 grams. I don't want to see this. Larger screen: 5.2 inches vs 4.93 inches. Quad core 1.5 GHz vs Quad core 1.2 GHz. Higher battery capacity: 2520 mAH vs 2300 mAH. OS: Android RAM: 2 GB Primary camera: 13 MP SIM card slots: 2 Internal Memory: 16 GB 1181 people viewed together 964 people compared together. Higher pixel density: 424 ppi vs 298 ppi. Lesser thickness: 6.9 mm vs 7.1 mm. Lesser weight: 118 grams vs 120 grams. I don't want to see this. Larger screen: 5.3 inches vs 4.93 inches. Quad core 1.5 GHz vs Quad core 1.2 GHz. Higher battery capacity: 2800 mAH vs 2300 mAH. OS: Android RAM: 2 GB Primary camera: 13 MP SIM card slots: 2 Internal Memory: 16 GB 72 people viewed together 213 people compared together. Lower pixel density: 277 ppi vs 298 ppi. Lower secondary camera resolution: 5 MP vs 8 MP. More thickness: 7.9 mm vs 7.1 mm. More weight: 142 grams vs 120 grams. I don't want to see this. Larger screen: 5.7 inches vs 4.93 inches. More RAM: 4 GB vs 2 GB. Higher primary camera resolution: 16 MP vs 13 MP. OS: Android SIM card slots: 2 207 people compared together. Higher battery capacity: 3200 mAH vs 2300 mAH. Higher pixel density: 515 ppi vs 298 ppi. More internal memory: 64 GB vs 16 GB. Dual core 2.15 GHz vs Quad core 1.2 GHz. Lower secondary camera resolution: 5 MP vs 8 MP. More thickness: 7.6 mm vs 7.1 mm. More weight: 174 grams vs 120 grams. I don't want to see this. Larger screen: 5.7 inches vs 4.93 inches. Octa core 1.4 GHz vs Quad core 1.2 GHz. More RAM: 3 GB vs 2 GB. OS: Android SIM card slots: 2 Internal Memory: 16 GB 158 people viewed together 329 people compared together. Higher primary camera resolution: 16 MP vs 13 MP. Higher battery capacity: 3000 mAH vs 2300 mAH. Higher pixel density: 386 ppi vs 298 ppi. More expandable memory: 256 GB vs 128 GB. More thickness: 7.4 mm vs 7.1 mm. More weight: 146 grams vs 120 grams. I don't want to see this. Larger screen: 5.3 inches vs 4.93 inches. Lower pixel density: 277 ppi vs 298 ppi. Lesser expandable memory: 32 GB vs 128 GB. Quad core 1.2 GHz RAM: 2 GB Primary camera: 13 MP Battery capacity: 2300 mAH SIM card slots: 2 Internal Memory: 16 GB 593 people viewed together 963 people compared together. Lower secondary camera resolution: 5 MP vs 8 MP. More thickness: 8.8 mm vs 7.1 mm. More weight: 140 grams vs 120 grams. View all FAQs about LG X screen. Please write your question as a complete sentence while asking a new question. Write Your Question as a complete sentence, then press Ask a Question. how many battery backup of LG x screen?. Answered by Shail Banerjee | 6 months ago. It has average battery life of 2300mAh LG X screen. is the screen made of Gorilla Glass,is the screen made of Gorilla Glass. Answered by Niti Balasubramanium | 1 years ago. I have not found anywhere that it has gorilla glass display. People who viewed LG X screen also viewed. Subscribe for top stories, new launches & expert reviews!. Home | Privacy | Sitemap | About Us | Contact Us | Visitor Agreement | Terms & Conditions |. News & Reviews | हिंदी न्यूज़. 
LG X screen - user opinions and reviews. Pages: 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 ». could form a 6.7 inch screen in total.. I bought ths x screen a week ago. And it is a good cellphone with a cheap price. Now I don't have to see my watch to see the time, why?The 2nd screen always on to show the time! I love ths phone. I bought it only at 117Usd. For a good brand like LG, it is a good phone with a good price. -- When will this phone be updated to Android Nougat 7 ???. -- Note that the J5 2016 has been updated and it carries the same specification (Ram,CPU. ....) located in the X screen. shimoul, 27 Sep 2017 Overall its awesome phone.....but,phone charged is very slowly....if any one no how to get fa... more Lg x power fast charging support. lg x power very fast chaging Same here. idk, 20 Oct 2017 All LG phones are charging very slowly, but you can use them for a long time. lg x power very fast chaging. All LG phones are charging very slowly, but you can use them for a long time. Overall its awesome phone.....but,phone charged is very slowly....if any one no how to get fast charge....plz tell me....... Shivam, 14 Aug 2017 Bro this phone is really awesome. O am using this phone since 30 july. more bro what about its battery back up ??. This phone is awesome no lag at all camera is great (battery is fine) screen is full of colors worth it price but there's only problem is the phone get warm quickly and i feel like the up of my screen is kinda of dark when i make the brightness low. Im going to lg company to ask them. Paean singh, 13 Apr 2017 I am planning to buy this mobile pls tell me camera display bettry etc. more Bro this phone is really awesome. O am using this phone since 30 july. Camera is awesome,i think camera of this mobile beats the camera of gionee,but the battery back up is good.but 1 thing is bad i.e it contain 2gb ram. I play NFS MW and No limits without any lag. Get urself right man.this phone is bang on buck. I dont know dude but it struggles in fifa mobile real racing and asphalt 8.Maybe NFS games are optimized better than these games.My X Screen though lags in the games i mentioned.Also you cant root it by any known method and you cant overclock the CPU. Envok, 16 Apr 2017 I own this phone since September.I dont have many things to say, it is a nice phone and the du... I play NFS MW and No limits without any lag. Get urself right man.this phone is bang on buck.. Paean singh, 13 Apr 2017 I am planning to buy this mobile pls tell me camera display bettry etc. more The battery is Li P.o.. So u can expect a 3 hr 0% to 100%charging time..light use and u'll get 26 hrs back up.Rest all the phone is awesome..lag free and LG makes a great UI. I play NFS MW 15 and No limits.. Very poor battery..when we used heavy for 4hrs its battery goes below 15 %.and quickly goes to power off. I own this phone since September.I dont have many things to say, it is a nice phone and the dual screen actually helps a lot.The battery life is descent it can last a full day with light use but if you want a phone for gaming then this is not a good choice.It runs many 2d games but it struggles a lot in 3d and heavy games.The camera isnt that bad and the build quality is great,although you definitely need a back cover case,cause the glass gets scratched easily.We now are in 2017 though.If you want a budget phone go for either Redmi 4 Prime or Redmi 4 Note.The Lenovo K6 Power and K6 Note are good options too. I am planning to buy this mobile pls tell me camera display bettry etc. Angela, 19 Aug 2016 This is a mid range smartphone. Pages: 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 ». Total of 140 user reviews and opinions for LG X screen .. Samsung Apple Nokia Sony LG HTC Motorola Huawei Microsoft Lenovo Xiaomi Google Acer Asus Oppo OnePlus Meizu BlackBerry Alcatel ZTE Toshiba Vodafone Energizer XOLO Lava Micromax BLU Gionee vivo LeEco Panasonic HP YU verykool Maxwest Plum. LG X power LG X cam LG K10 (2017) LG K8 LG Q6 Oppo A83. LG V30 LG G6 LG Q6 LG V20 LG G5 LG K10 (2018). 
Samsung Galaxy S9 OnePlus 5T Huawei Mate 10 Google Pixel 2 OnePlus 5. LG K10 (2018) Samsung Galaxy S9 Elephone S8 HTC U11 Eyes Honor 9 Lite. Samsung Galaxy S9 OnePlus 5T Huawei Mate 10 Google Pixel 2 OnePlus 5. Buy and sell gently used phones. Samsung Galaxy S9 and Galaxy S9+ are Official: Specifications, Features, Prices, and Availability. LineageOS 15.1 Feature List Overview with Screenshots and Video. LineageOS 15.1 based on Android 8.1 Oreo has been officially announced. The Best Weather App is on Sale, Get Today Weather for $2.49. Exclusive: the Xiaomi Mi Max 3 is coming with Wireless Charging and Possibly an Iris Scanner. LG X screen Questions & Answers. LG X screen Guides, News, & Discussion. LG X screen ROMs, Kernels, Recoveries, & Other Development. LG X screen Themes, Apps, and Mods. Rom List : LG X screen. LG X screen Questions & Answers LG X screen Guides, News, & Discussion LG X screen ROMs, Kernels, Recoveries, & Other Development LG X screen Themes, Apps, and Mods LG X screen Accessories. LG X screen Questions & Answers. can any body give me the stock recovery and rom for make custom roms. Lg x screen (k500n) custom recovery twrp test. LG X Screen boot fastboot mode. More LG X screen Questions & Answers Threads. LG X screen Guides, News, & Discussion. [BOUNTY] Root for LG X Family. More LG X screen Guides, News, & Discussion Threads. LG X screen ROMs, Kernels, Recoveries, & Other Development. LG X screen Themes, Apps, and Mods. More LG X screen Themes, Apps, and Mods Threads. ---- XDA 2013 Beta - 1024. XDA Developers was founded by developers, for developers. It is now a valuable resource for people who want to make the most of their mobile devices, from customizing the look and feel to adding new functionality. Are you a developer? | Terms of Service. 
<span class="i19ndropdownplus new-window" data-url="http://www.stuffmideast.com/">Stuff Middle East</span>. <span class="i19ndropdownplus new-window" data-url="http://www.stuff.co.za">STUFF South Africa</span>. Two screens, one phone - LG's new mid-ranger gets a few top-end specs. We are part of The Trust Project. LG understandably made a big deal about the G5 's more unique features (spoiler alert - we love them ) at MWC this week, but you're not going to have to spend top dollar to get them.. The X-Cam might have pilfered the dual camera setup, but the always-on display has rocked up inside the X Screen.. LG's tried the dual screen thing before with the. phablet; the X Screen follows suit with a 4.93in main screen and a separate 1.88in display above it for those always-on notifications. We gave it a try on LG's stand here at the show, ready to bring you some first impressions.. It’s strange to think the 4.93in main display isn’t the star of the show, but the 720p resolution gives the game away - even if colours and brightness are all on par for a mid-range phone. Stretched over nearly 5in it’s easy to see the pixels without sticking your nose right up against the glass, which leaves text and images looking a little blocky at times.. Instead, it’s the smaller screen that’s getting all the attention. App shortcuts turn up here when you’ve got the screen on, and notifications arrive when the main screen is switched off.. It doesn’t quite stretch across the entire width of the screen, to make room for the front-facing camera, so there’s not much room for notifications and shortcuts to go on it. That being said, i t’s still enough to let you know you’ve missed a crucial WhatsApp message, or that Instagram post is racking up the likes.. This is still an LCD screen, mind, and the brightness is seriously low to keep battery use down to a minimum. If you’re outdoors, you’re going to struggle to read it.. The second screen comes in handy when you’re using the phone too. You can stick shortcuts on it for jumping between apps without heading back to the home screen or Recents menu.. You just drag an app up to dock it, or drag it down to remove it.. You can fit four apps onscreen at once, but you can swipe through different panels when you run out of space. There’s even panel just for settings, with Wi-Fi, Bluetooth and sound profiles available at a tap.. The screen clipping shortcut might come in handy when you’re trying to get work done, too. It takes a screenshot of whatever’s onscreen, then lets you scribble on top of it.. It was never going to compete with the G5, but the X Screen doesn't have a niche market all to itself; LG's other dual-screen smartphone still looks like big competition. The V10 has a Snapdragon 808 CPU and a whopping 4GB of RAM, which means it absolutely flies through Android Lollipop.. The X Screen makes do with a 1.2GHz quad-core processor and 2GB of RAM, so it's not quite on the same level. You do get a newer version of Android, with Marshmallow pre-installed, but it can struggle to keep things smooth at times. Switching apps took a few seconds, and jumping into the camera wasn't exactly fast either.. In other areas the X Screen holds up well for a mid-range phone. 16GB of storage is average, but microSD expansion means you can add extra space when you need it.. The 2300mAh battery sounds a little low, though; it has to run two LCD screens, so we're not confident it'll last a full day of heavy use.. A 13MP camera sensor seems to be the standard for mid-range phones right about now, and the X Screen is no exception. The G5's laser autofocus is nowhere to be seen, so this isn't the phone for shutterbugs - that would be the X Cam. We won't be able to judge picture quality until we've got a final review unit, but pictures looked fairly detailed when we checked them out on the phone itself.. It's thin, light and made from plastic, with fairly middling specs, but the second screen helps the X Screen stand out from the rest of the mid-range competition.. Are two screens worth having on your smartphone, though? Based on a few short minutes with the X Screen, we're not sure. If battery life doesn't take a major hit then having notifications at a glance sounds good, but it'll proboably drain more juice than an OLED panel in the long run.. LG hasn't set a price or official release date yet, so it's impossible to say how it stacks up against the rest of the field, but expect the X Screen to challenge other mid-range phones when it eventually arrives towards the end of March.. All the news from Mobile World Congress. Where to buy LG X Screen:. Where to buy LG X Screen:. Stay on top of tech with Stuff in your inbox every week. Thank you for registering for our Newsletter. We will send you relevant emails and updates.. Where to buy LG X Screen:. 
How to Unlock LG X Screen by Code. Why unlock your LG X Screen with Codes2unlock.com. Unlock your LG X Screen to use with another sim card or Gsm network through a 100 % safe and secure method for unlocking.. Just simply select your phone manufacturer as Samsung, select the network of your LG X Screen is locked to,. enter phone model number and imei number.. To get your IMEI number press *#06# on your dial pad or look at the sticker behind the battery of your phone. your IMEI number may be 15 or 17 digits long but we need only first 15 digits of your IMEI number while placing your order.. After that click on unlock now button, review your order, fill other details and make payment. once you placed your order successfully we will email you the unlock code within specified average processing time.. please note given processing time is average prcessing time, sometimes it may delay on weekends or if we try. alternative database to get the code. Unlock any model of LG X Screen. Codes2unlock is a leading online site who specialize mobile phone unlocking service, we can unlock almost. all major phones from different network service providers. experience in the unlocking industry and we earn a great trust through our dedicated customer service and support. apart from the fast processing we also provide 100 % safe and secure. method to unlock your mobile phones with lowest prices guaranteed.. Note: Please make sure your phone is not “Hard locked”, which generally occurs when incorrect code is inputted too many times previously. If your phone is brand new phone you didn't have to worry about that. However, if you are not sure of the phone’s history, please contact. us first as there is absolutely no refunds if there are no enough attempts left to unlock your phone with an unlock code.. Once you get the unlock code from us, follow these steps. Insert the non accepted sim card and power on.. Your phone prompts to enter Unlock Code.. Enter the network unlock code and press OK or Enter.. Your LG X Screen is now unlocked.. If above instructions didn't work us, follow these steps. Power on the phone with original Sim Card in.. Enter the sequence 2945#*model number# ( like if you have a model P980, enter 2945#*980#. Your phone prompts to enter Unlock Code.. Enter the network unlock code and press OK or Enter.. Your LG X Screen is now unlocked.. Easily switch between different SIM cards with the same phone.. The resell value of your LG X Screen will increases as it is available to more carriers.. While travelling abroad, use a local SIM card and save on roaming fees.. Unlock your LG X Screen from the comfort of your own home.. No need to run any complicated software, or jailbreaking required.. There is no risk of damaging your LG X Screen by unlocking it.. No technical skills or experience is needed.. Your LG X Screen will be permanently unlocked, even after updates.. 100% guaranteed to unlock without void your warranty.. Unlock your phone in just 3 easy steps !. Please select current network of your phone. Check your unlock code price and availability for free. Rated 4.6 / 5 from 592 independent reviews. Codes2unlock provides the quick and easy mobile unlocking for almost all phone manufacturers and mobile. operators across world, most of the unlock codes are delivered instantly after placing an order. very simple and easy to follow and doesn't require any technical knowledge at all.. Note - we do not provide free cell phone unlock codes or cell phone unlocking software as they may be. we only provide cheap imei unlock codes from manufaturers.. 
CNET también está disponible en español.. LG shows off new X Cam and X Screen phones ahead of MWC (hands-on). The South Korean electronics giant released details on two new midrange smartphones, one with dual cameras and another with dual screens.. February 19, 2016 6:58 AM PST. 5.2-inch FHD display 1.14GHz octa-core processor Rear 13-megapixel and 5-megapixel camera Front 8-megapixel camera 2GB of RAM 16GB of internal memory 2,520mAh battery Google Android 6.0 Marshmallow Colors: Silver, white, gold and pink. 4.93-inch HD main display with 1.76-inch LCD secondary screen 1.2GHz quad-core processor Rear 13-megapixel camera and front 8-megapixel camera 2GB of RAM, 16GB of internal storage 2,300mAh battery Google Android 6.0 Marshmallow Colors: Black, white and pink. LG's trio of new affordable phones each have one distinctive.... It looks like LG is too excited about its 2016 lineup to leave any of it as a surprise for Mobile World Congress. The company, having already showed off a new cover for the as-yet-unveiled G5, on Monday released details on two new midrange devices it'll debut in Barcelona at the world's biggest phone show.. The first, the X Cam, features dual cameras on the rear (one 13-megapixel and one 5-megapixel), which LG says will "deliver the most advanced camera experience in a mass-tier smartphone." Rumour has it that Apple's iPhone 7 could support optical zoom , a function that requires two cameras and allows greater capture detail and more accurate zooming, which could also be a possibility for the X Cam.. LG goes two for two with X Cam and X Screen (pictures). Meanwhile, like the LG V10 , the X Screen will feature a secondary 1.76-inch screen that sits above the phone's 4.9-inch display. This screen shows a welcome message and gives quick access to recent apps, favorite contacts and more.. When we first saw it, we were impressed by its premium aesthetic. The glass body makes it look very similar to the Samsung Galaxy S6 , especially from the back. We were also pleasantly surprised to see that the phone came in a rosy pink color (a somewhat rare choice for LG handsets, which usually come in black, white or gold).. Its other specs are as listed:. Both phones are set for markets in Asia, Europe and Latin America in March, with no word of a US launch. However, judging from past actions from LG, these phones may likely hit US shores as budget handsets for prepaid carriers under a different name.. LG shows off new X Cam and X Screen phones ahead of MWC (hands-on). Alexa lands in more Lenovo Yoga laptops. Flip over Lenovo's new Yoga laptops. Sony Xperia XZ2 and XZ2 Compact go big on cool camera tech. This phone's camera pops up to take your selfie -- for reals. Be respectful, keep it clean and stay on topic. We delete comments that violate our policy , which we encourage you to read. Discussion threads can be closed at any time at our discretion.. Homeland Security's tall order: A hacker-free election. CNET may earn fees when you click through to a partner site.. 
Home › LG › X screen LG X screen - Specifications. Most recent comparisons including LG X screen List of the latest comparisons made by the website visitors, which include LG X screen Last viewed devices List of mobile devices, whose specifications have been recently viewed.. Width Height Thickness Weight Write a review. Specifications Display Camera CPU Battery SAR Prices 3. Dimensions : 71.8 x 142.6 x 7.1 mm Weight : 120 g SoC : Qualcomm Snapdragon 410 MSM8916 CPU : ARM Cortex-A53, 1200 MHz, Cores : 4 GPU : Qualcomm Adreno 306, 400 MHz RAM : 2 GB, 533 MHz Storage : 16 GB Memory cards : microSD, microSDHC, microSDXC Display : 4.93 in, IPS, 720 x 1280 pixels, 24 bit Battery : 2300 mAh, Li-Ion OS : Android 6.0 Marshmallow Camera : 4160 x 3120 pixels, 1920 x 1080 pixels, 30 fps SIM card : Nano-SIM, Nano-SIM / microSD Wi-Fi : b, g, n, Wi-Fi Hotspot USB : 2.0, Micro USB Bluetooth : 4.1 Positioning : GPS, A-GPS, GLONASS, BeiDou. Brand and model Information about the brand, model and model alias (if any) of a specific device. Brand LG Model X screen Model alias X view LG-K500DS K500DS LG-K500n K500n Design Information about the dimensions and weight of the device, shown in different measurement units. Width 71.8 mm (millimeters) 7.18 cm (centimeters) 0.24 ft (feet) 2.83 in (inches) Height 142.6 mm (millimeters) 14.26 cm (centimeters) 0.47 ft (feet) 5.61 in (inches) Thickness 7.1 mm (millimeters) 0.71 cm (centimeters) 0.02 ft (feet) 0.28 in (inches) Weight 120 g (grams) 0.26 lbs (pounds) 4.23 oz (ounces) Volume 72.69 cm³ (cubic centimeters) 4.41 in³ (cubic inches) Colors Black White Rose-gold Body materials Fiberglass SIM card The Subscriber Identity Module (SIM) is used in mobile devices for storing data authenticating the subscribers of mobile services. SIM card type Nano-SIM (4FF - fourth form factor, since 2012, 12.30 x 8.80 x 0.67 mm) Nano-SIM / microSD Number of SIM cards 2 Networks A mobile (cellular) network is a radio system, which allows a large number of mobile devices to communicate with each other. GSM GSM 850 MHz GSM 900 MHz GSM 1800 MHz GSM 1900 MHz UMTS UMTS 850 MHz UMTS 900 MHz UMTS 1900 MHz UMTS 2100 MHz LTE LTE 800 MHz LTE 1800 MHz LTE 2100 MHz LTE 2600 MHz LTE-TDD 2600 MHz (B38) Mobile network technologies and bandwidth Communication between devices within mobile networks is realized via various generations of network technologies, which provide different bandwidth. Mobile network technologies UMTS (384 kbit/s ) EDGE GPRS HSPA+ (HSUPA 5.76 Mbit/s , HSDPA 42 Mbit/s ) LTE Cat 4 (51.0 Mbit/s , 150.8 Mbit/s ) Operating system Operating system is the system software, which manages and controls the functioning of the hardware components of the device. Operating system (OS) Android 6.0 Marshmallow System on Chip (SoC) A system on a chip (SoC) includes into a single chip some of the main hardware components of the mobile device. SoC Qualcomm Snapdragon 410 MSM8916 Process technology 28 nm (nanometers) CPU ARM Cortex-A53 CPU bits 64 bit Instruction set ARMv8 Level 0 cache memory (L0) 4 KB + 4 KB (kilobytes) Level 1 cache memory (L1) 16 KB + 16 KB (kilobytes) Level 2 cache memory (L2) 2048 KB (kilobytes) 2 MB (megabytes) CPU cores 4 CPU frequency 1200 MHz (megahertz) GPU Qualcomm Adreno 306 GPU frequency 400 MHz (megahertz) RAM capacity 2 GB (gigabytes) RAM type LPDDR3 RAM channels Single channel RAM frequency 533 MHz (megahertz) Storage Every mobile device has a built-in storage (internal memory) with a fixed capacity. Storage 16 GB (gigabytes) Memory cards Memory cards are used in mobile devices for expanding their external storage capacity. Types microSD microSDHC microSDXC Display The display of a mobile device is characterized by its technology, resolution, pixel density, diagonal length, color depth, etc. Type/technology IPS Diagonal size 4.93 in (inches) 125.22 mm (millimeters) 12.52 cm (centimeters) Width 2.42 in (inches) 61.39 mm (millimeters) 6.14 cm (centimeters) Height 4.3 in (inches) 109.14 mm (millimeters) 10.91 cm (centimeters) Aspect ratio 1.778:1 16:9 Resolution 720 x 1280 pixels Pixel density 298 ppi (pixels per inch) 117 ppcm (pixels per centimeter) Color depth 24 bit 16777216 colors Display area 65.65 % (percent) Other features Capacitive Multi-touch Oleophobic (lipophobic) coating Secondary LCD display - 1.76 in; 80 x 520 Sensors Different sensors measure different physical quantities and convert them into signals recognizable by the mobile device. Sensors Proximity Light Accelerometer Primary camera The primary camera of the mobile device is usually placed at its back and is used for taking photos and recording videos. Sensor type CMOS (complementary metal-oxide semiconductor) Aperture f/2.2 Focal length 3.6 mm (millimeters) Flash type LED Image resolution 4160 x 3120 pixels 12.98 MP (megapixels) Video resolution 1920 x 1080 pixels 2.07 MP (megapixels) Video FPS 30 fps (frames per second) Features Autofocus Continuous shooting Digital zoom Digital image stabilization Geotagging Panorama HDR Touch focus Face detection White balance settings ISO settings Exposure compensation Self-timer Scene mode Secondary camera Secondary cameras are placed above the screen of the device and are usually used for video calls, gesture recognition, etc. Aperture f/2.4 Focal length 2.6 mm (millimeters) Image resolution 3264 x 2448 pixels 7.99 MP (megapixels) Audio Information about the type of speakers and the audio technologies supported by the device. Speaker Loudspeaker Earpiece Radio The radio in a mobile device is a built-in FM radio receiver. Radio Yes Tracking/Positioning Information about the positioning and navigation technologies supported by the device. Tracking/Positioning GPS A-GPS GLONASS BeiDou Wi-Fi Wi-Fi is a technology that provides wireless data connections between various devices within a short range. Wi-Fi 802.11b (IEEE 802.11b-1999) 802.11g (IEEE 802.11g-2003) 802.11n (IEEE 802.11n-2009) Wi-Fi Hotspot Bluetooth Bluetooth is a standard for secure wireless data transfer between different types of devices over short distances. Version 4.1 Features A2DP (Advanced Audio Distribution Profile) USB The Universal Serial Bus (USB) is an industry standard that allows different electronic devices to exchange data. Connector type Micro USB Version 2.0 Features Charging Mass storage Headphone jack The headphone jack is an audio phone connector, a.k.a. The most widely used one in mobile devices is the 3.5 mm headphone jack. Headphone jack Yes Connectivity Information about other important connectivity technologies supported by the devices. Connectivity Computer sync OTA sync Tethering NFC Browser A web browser is a software application for accessing, fetching, displaying and navigating through information on the World Wide Web. Browser HTML HTML5 CSS 3 Audio file formats/codecs Mobile devices support various audio file formats and codecs, which respectively store and code/decode digital audio data. Audio file formats/codecs AAC (Advanced Audio Coding) AAC+ / aacPlus / HE-AAC v1 AMR / AMR-NB / GSM-AMR (Adaptive Multi-Rate, .amr, .3ga) AMR-WB (Adaptive Multi-Rate Wideband, .awb) FLAC (Free Lossless Audio Codec, .flac) MIDI MP3 (MPEG-2 Audio Layer II, .mp3) OGG (.ogg, .ogv, .oga, .ogx, .spx, .opus) WMA (Windows Media Audio, .wma) WAV (Waveform Audio File Format, .wav, .wave) Video file formats/codecs Mobile devices support various video file formats and codecs, which respectively store and code/decode digital video data. Video file formats/codecs 3GPP (3rd Generation Partnership Project, .3gp) AVI (Audio Video Interleaved, .avi) H.263 H.264 / MPEG-4 Part 10 / AVC video H.265 / MPEG-H Part 2 / HEVC MP4 (MPEG-4 Part 14, .mp4, .m4a, .m4p, .m4b, .m4r, .m4v) VP8 VP9 WMV (Windows Media Video, .wmv) Xvid Battery The batteries of mobile devices differ in capacity and technology. They provide the electrical charge needed for the functioning of the devices. Capacity 2300 mAh (milliampere-hours) Type Li-Ion 2G talk time 8 h (hours) 480 min (minutes) 0.3 days 2G stand-by time 250 h (hours) 15000 min (minutes) 10.4 days 3G talk time 8 h (hours) 480 min (minutes) 0.3 days 3G stand-by time 250 h (hours) 15000 min (minutes) 10.4 days Features Non-removable Specific Absorption Rate (SAR) The SAR rating shows the amount of electromagnetic radiation absorbed by the human body when using a mobile device, expressed in W/kg. Head SAR (EU) 0.552 W/kg (watts per kilogram) Body SAR (EU) 1.5 W/kg (watts per kilogram) Head SAR (USA) 1.32 W/kg (watts per kilogram) Body SAR (USA) 1.14 W/kg (watts per kilogram) Additional features Some devices have additional features, different from the standard ones above, but equally important and worth mentioning. Additional features LG-K500DS - SAR (Specific Absorption Rate) EU: head - 0.540 W/kg; body - 1.480 W/kg LG-K500n - SAR (Specific Absorption Rate) EU: head - 0.552 W/kg; body - 1.500 W/kg LG-K500n - SAR (Specific Absorption Rate) US: head - 1.320 W/kg; body - 1.140 W/kg. Brand name of the company that manufactures the device.. Аlternative names, under which the model is known.. the horizontal side of the device when it is used in its standard orientation.. the vertical side of the device when it is used in its standard orientation.. Information about the thickness/depth of the device in different measurement units.. Information about the weight of the device in different measurement units.. Estimated volume of the device, calculated from the dimensions provided by the manufacturer. Applies for devices in the form of a rectangular parallelepiped.. Information about the colors, in which the device is available in the market.. Materials used in the fabrication of the device's body.. Information about the type and size (form factor) of the SIM card used in the device.. Information about the number of SIM cards, supported by the device.. GSM (Global System for Mobile Communications) was developed to replace the analog cellular network (1G), therefore it is referred to as a 2G mobile network. It has been improved with the addition of General Packet Radio Services (GPRS) and later via the Enhanced Data rates for GSM Evolution (EDGE) technology.. UMTS stands for Universal Mobile Telecommunications System. Based on the GSM standard, it is deemed as a 3G mobile network standard. It has been developed by the 3GPP and its major advantage is the provision of greater bandwidth and spectral efficiency, due to the W-CDMA technology.. LTE is deemed to be the fourth generation (4G) of mobile communications technology. It has been developed by the 3GPP based on the GSM/EDGE and UMTS/HSPA technologies in order to increase the speed and capacity of wireless data networks. A further development of the technology is called LTE Advanced.. There are several network technologies that enhance the performance of mobile networks mainly by increased data bandwidth. Information about the communication technologies supported by the device and their respective uplink and downlink bandwidth.. Information about the operating system used by the device as well as its version.. The SoC integrates different hardware components such as the CPU, GPU, memory, peripherals, interfaces, etc., as well as software for their functioning.. Information about the process technology used in manufacturing the chip. The value in nanometers represents half the distance between elements that make up the CPU.. CPU is the Central Processing Unit or the processor of a mobile device. Its main function is to interpret and execute instructions contained in software applications.. The CPU bits are determined by the bit-size of the processor registers, address buses and data buses. 64-bit CPUs provide better performance than 32-bit ones, which on their part perform better than 16-bit processors.. The instruction set architecture (ISA) is a set of commands used by the software to manage the CPU's work. Information about the set of instructions the processor can execute.. Some processors have a level 0 cache memory, which is accessed quicker than the L1, L2, L3, and so one cache memories. Besides achieving better performance, it also consumes less power.. The cache memory is used by the processor in order to shorten the time needed to access data and instructions that a frequently used. The L1 (level 1) cache memory has a small volume, but operates faster than the RAM and the rest cache memory levels. If the processor does not find the data needed in L1, it continues to look for it in the L2 cache memory. In some processors the search in L1 and L2 is simultaneous.. The L2 (level 2) cache memory is slower than L1, but has a larger capacity, instead, which allows it to cache more data. Just like L1, it is much faster than the system memory (RAM). If the CPU does not find the data needed in L2, it proceeds to look for them in the L3 cache memory (if there is such) or in the RAM.. A CPU core is the processor unit, which executes software instructions. Presently, besides single-core processors, there are dual-core, quad-core, hexa-core and so on multi-core processors. They increase the performance of the device allowing the execution of multiple instructions in parallel.. The frequency of the processor describes its clock rate in cycles per second. It is measured in Megahertz (MHz) or Gigahertz (GHz).. GPU is a graphical processing unit, which handles computation for 2D/3D graphics applications. In mobile devices GPU is usually utilized by games, UI, video playback, etc. GPU can also perform computation in applications traditionally handled by the CPU.. The frequency is the clock rate of the graphic processor (GPU), which is measured in Megahertz (MHz) or Gigahertz (GHz).. RAM (Random-Access Memory) is used by the operating system and all installed applications. Data in the RAM is lost after the device is turned off or restarted.. Information about the type of RAM used by the device.. Information about the number of RAM channels integrated in the SoC. More channels mean higher data transfer rates.. RAM frequency relates directly to the rate of reading/writing from/in the RAM memory.. Information about the capacity of the built-in storage of the device. Sometimes one and the same model may is offered in variants with different internal storage capacity.. The various types of memory cards are characterized by different sizes and capacity. Information about the supported types of memory cards.. One of the main characteristics of the display is its type/technology, on which depends its performance.. In mobile devices display size is represented by the length of its diagonal measured in inches.. The ratio between the long and the short side of the display. The display resolution shows the number of pixels on the horizontal and vertical side of the screen. The higher the resolution is, the greater the detail of the displayed content.. Information about the number of pixels per centimeter (ppcm) or per inch (ppi) of the display. The higher the pixel density, the more detailed and clearer is the information displayed on the screen.. The color depth of the display is also known as bit depth. It shows the number of bits used for the color components of one pixel. Information about the maximum number of colors the screen can display.. The estimated percentage of the screen area from the device's front area.. Information about other functions and features of the display.. Sensors vary in type and purpose. They increase the overall functionality of the device, in which they are integrated.. Digital cameras use image sensors for taking photos. The sensor characteristics are some of the main factors determining the quality of the camera integrated in the mobile device.. Aperture (f-stop number) indicates the size of the lens diaphragm opening, which controls the amount of light reaching the image sensor. The lower the f-stop number, the larger the diaphragm opening is.. Focal length is the distance in millimeters from the focal point of the image sensor to the optical center of the lens. A focal length, which results in the same field of view on a full-frame (35 mm) camera, is also provided.. Cameras of mobile devices use mainly a LED or a Xenon flash. The LED flash has a softer burst of light and in contrast to the much brighter Xenon flash, is used for recording videos as well.. One of the main characteristics of the cameras of mobile devices is their resolution, which shows the number of pixels on the horizontal and vertical dimensions of the image.. Information about the maximum resolution available for shooting a video with the device.. Information about the maximum number of frames per second (fps), supported by the device while recording a video at maximum resolution. Some of the main standard frame rates for recording and playing video are 24p, 25p, 30p, 60p.. Information about additional software and hardware features of the privamery camera, which improve its overall performance.. Aperture (f-stop number) indicates the size of the lens diaphragm opening, which controls the amount of light reaching the image sensor. The lower the f-stop number, the larger the diaphragm opening is.. Focal length is the distance in millimeters from the focal point of the image sensor to the optical center of the lens. A focal length, which results in the same field of view on a full-frame (35 mm) camera, is also provided.. Information about the maximum image resolution of the secondary camera. Often, the resolution of the secondary camera is lower than the one of the primary camera.. The loudspeaker is a device, which reproduces various sounds such as ring tones, alarms, music, voice calls, etc. Information about the type of speakers the device uses.. Information whether the device has an FM radio receiver or not.. The tracking/positioning service is provided by various satellite navigation systems, which track the autonomous geo-spatial positioning of the device that supports them. The most common satellite navigation systems are the GPS and the GLONASS. There are also non-satellite technologies for locating mobile devices such as the Enhanced Observed Time Difference, Enhanced 911, GSM Cell ID.. Wi-Fi communication between devices is realized via the IEEE 802.11 standards. Some devices have the possibility to serve as Wi-Fi Hotspots by providing internet access for other nearby devices. Wi-Fi Direct (Wi-Fi P2P) is another useful standard that allows devices to communicate with each other without the need for wireless access point (WAP).. The technology has several versions, which improve the connection speed, range, connectivity and discoverability of the devices. Information about the Bluetooth version of the device.. Bluetooth uses various profiles and protocols related to faster exchange of data, energy saving, better device discoverability, etc. Some of those supported by the device are listed here.. There are several USB connector types: the Standard one, the Mini and Micro connectors, On-The-Go connectors, etc. Type of the USB connector used by the device.. There are several versions of the Universal Serial Bus (USB) standard: USB 1.0 (1996), the USB 2.0 (2000), the USB 3.0 (2008), etc. With each following version the rate of data transfer is increased.. Тhe USB interface in mobile devices may be used for different purposes such as battery charging, using the device as a mass storage, host, etc.. Information whether the device is equipped with a 3.5 mm audio jack.. Information about some of the most widely used connectivity technologies supported by the device.. Information about some of the features and standards supported by the browser of the device.. List of some of the most common audio file formats and codecs supported standardly by the device.. List of some of the most common video file formats and codecs supported standardly by the device.. The capacity of a battery shows the maximum charge, which it can store, measured in mili-Ampere hours.. The battery type is determined by its structure and more specifically, by the chemicals used in it. There are different battery types and some of the most commonly used in mobile devices are the lithium-ion (Li-Ion) and the lithium-ion polymer battery (Li-Polymer).. 2G talk time is the time period a battery charge will last, if one is constantly talking on the phone in a 2G cellular network.. 2G stand-by time is the longest time a battery charge will last, if the device is not used but is constantly connected to the 2G cellular network.. 3G talk time is the time period a battery charge will last, if one is constantly talking on the phone in a 3G cellular network.. 3G stand-by time is the longest time a battery charge will last, if the device is not used but is constantly connected to the 3G mobile network.. Information about some additional features of the device's battery.. The SAR head rating shows the highest level of exposure to electromagnetic radiation measured when the device is held next to the ear in a talk position. In Europe, the SAR limit for hand-held mobile devices is set to 2 W/kg per 10 g of tissue. This standard is specified by the CENELEC, complies with the IEC standards and follows the ICNIRP Guidelines 1998.. This SAR rating shows the highest level of exposure to electromagnetic radiation measured when the device is placed at the hip level. The top SAR value for mobile devices used in Europe is limited to 2 W/kg per 10 g of tissue. This standard follows the ICNIRP Guidelines 1998 as well as the IEC standards and is determined by the CENELEC.. This SAR rating shows the maximum level of exposure to electromagnetic radiation taken when the device is placed next to the ear. The applicable limit for the US is 1.6 W/kg per 1 g of tissue. In the US the FCC tests and sets the SAR limits for all mobile devices, which are controlled by the CTIA.. The SAR body rating shows the maximum level of exposure to electromagnetic radiation when the device is positioned against the body at the hip. The highest SAR value of mobile devices allowed in the US is set to 1.6 W/kg per 1 g of tissue. It is specified by the FCC and the CTIA follows whether the mobile devices comply with this standard.. Information about other features of the device.. Provide information about, which of the published data you want to be edited as well as a reliable source, which confirms the accuracy of the information you suggest *. Enter the characters from the image: *. Dimensions : 71.8 x 142.6 x 7.1 mm Weight : 120 g SoC : Qualcomm Snapdragon 410 MSM8916 CPU : ARM Cortex-A53, 1200 MHz, Cores : 4 GPU : Qualcomm Adreno 306, 400 MHz RAM : 2 GB, 533 MHz Storage : 16 GB Display : 4.93 in, IPS, 720 x 1280 pixels, 24 bit Battery : 2300 mAh, Li-Ion OS : Android 6.0 Marshmallow Camera : 4160 x 3120 pixels, 1920 x 1080 pixels, 30 fps. The information on this website is provided on "as is, as available basis" without warranty of any kind. DeviceSpecifications is not responsible for any omissions, inaccuracies or other errors in the information it publishes. All warranties with respect to this information are disclaimed. Reproduction of any part of this website in its entirety or partially or in any form or medium without prior written permission is prohibited. The trademarks, marques and logos of the manufacturers of devices, software, hardware, etc. are the property of their respective owners.. 
