To properly experience our LG.com website,. you will need to use an alternate browser or upgrade to a newer version of internet Explorer (IE9 or greater).. Right click at the top of your browser and make sure the “Menu Bar” option is selected. Select “Tools” from the menu bar and then select “Compatibility View settings”. In the pop-up menu uncheck all three boxes and click “Close”. Your browser window will automatically refresh and you’ll be ready to go. The LG.com website utilizes responsive design to provide convenient experience that conforms to your devices screen size. In order to get the best possible experience our LG.COM website please follow below instructions.. If you’re using Internet Explorer 8 or earlier, you will need to use an alternate browser such as Firefox or Chrome or upgrade to a newer version of internet Explorer (IE9 or greater) .. If you’re using Internet Explorer 9 and higher, turn off your Internet Explorer browser’s “Compatibility View settings” by following steps below:. LG SIGNATURE Products Support. Products OLED TVs Refrigerators Washers Dryers Air Purifiers Ranges Dishwashers. Mobile TV/Audio/Video Appliances Computers. Cell Phones Discover the LG V30 Discover the LG G6 All Phones AT&T Phones Sprint Phones T-Mobile Phones Verizon Phones US Cellular Phones Unlocked Phones. Bluetooth Headsets & Headphones All Bluetooth Headsets & Headphones Shop Headsets & Headphones Accessories Discover LG TONE Headsets & Headphones. Mobile Accessories All Mobile Accessories Wireless Keyboards Cell Phone Batteries Cell Phone Cradles & Chargers Cell Phones Covers & Cases. The Big Screen that Fits in Your Hand. TVs All TVs OLED TVs SUPER UHD TVs 4K Ultra HD TVs LED TVs. Home Audio All Home Audio Sound Bars Shelf Stereo & Loud Speaker Systems Bluetooth & Wireless Speakers Dolby Atmos Home Theater Smart Speakers Speakers with Meridian Audio. Home Video Blu-ray & DVD Players Projectors. TV Audio Video Accessories Remotes TV Wall Mounts 3D Glasses. Refrigerators Discover LG InstaView™ Door-in-Door® All Refrigerators Door-in-Door® LG InstaView™ Door-in-Door® French Door Side-by-Side Bottom Freezer Top Freezer Counter-Depth Kimchi/Specialty Foods. Cooking Appliances All Cooking Appliances Discover NeoChef™ Microwaves Ranges & Ovens Wall Ovens Cooktops Microwave Ovens Hoods. Dishwashers Discover QuadWash™ Top Control Dishwashers Front Control Dishwashers. Kitchen Accessories Refrigerator Filters All Kitchen Accessories Replacement Oven Knobs. Washers All Washers Discover LG SideKick™ Front Load Washers TWIN Load Washers LG SideKick™ Pedestal Washers Top Load Washers. Dryers Gas Dryers Electric Dryers. Steam Clothing Care System LG Styler. Air Care Solutions Air Purifiers Dehumidifiers. Vacuum Cleaners Robot Vacuum Cleaners Stick Vacuums. Knock Twice and See What's Inside. For Small Loads That Are a Big Deal. Consumer Monitors All Monitors Gaming Monitors 4K / 5K Monitors 21:9 UltraWide® Monitors UltraFine™ Monitors IPS Monitors LED Monitors. Commercial Monitors Desktop Monitors 21:9 UltraWide Monitors Medical Monitors Zero Client 4K UHD UltraFine™ Monitors. Burners & Drives All Burners & Drives Blu-ray Burners and Drives DVD Burners and Drives. Additional Support MyLG Account Parts & Accessories Document Upload Announcements Works with Voice Assistant. Repair Services Request a Repair Track Repair Locate Repair Provider LG Direct Service LG Authorized Service Center. Contact Us Chat & Email Telephone Twitter Support Ask the Community Facebook Support. Business Support Business Support Home Request RA Request SWAP Track RA or SWAP Status Business Warranty Enhanced Service Plan Five-Star Service. Top Searches LG Bridge LG PC Suite Smart Share Mobile Support TV Support. Discover Our Newest Collection of TV, Appliance and Mobile Accessories. Extend your protection for years to come with the additional peace of mind of LG Premium Care.. Step-by-Step Guide by Device and Cable Connector.. Search Search. Welcome Sign out. LG X style™ (GSM) | TracFone. Beauty Shot Shows You at Your Best. Film Effect for Fun, Retro Photos. LG X style™ (GSM) | TracFone. 5 MP Rear Camera with Film Effect. 5 MP Front Camera with Auto Shot. Be bold and impress at every occasion with a clever design that fits the curves of your hand and the contours of your character.. Set the tone before snapping your shot—choose the best filter to make your photos pop.. Just pose and facial recognition does the rest, capturing an awesome selfie—with no hands!. View vibrant pictures, videos, and on-screen entertainment in authentic color and eye-opening clarity.. Qualcomm® Snapdragon™ 1.3 GHz Quad-Core MSM8909. 8 GB (up to 3.7 GB usable) - expandable via microSD™ card (sold separately). Elegant, Minimal Design, Beauty Shot Shows You at Your Best, Hands-Free Selfies with. Auto Shot, Film Effect for Fun, Retro Photos. Corning® Gorilla® Glass 3 with Native Damage Resistance™. Conveniently access all apps from the home screen. Decreases the amount of blue light on the screen to help reduce eye strain. Take notes on a blank screen with ability to choose paper style, pen size and color,. add text with a PC-like tool bar, and more. Write or draw on nearly any screen and then save to QuickMemo+ or Photos. Minimize the battery consumption through efficient UX control. Tap a 6-to-8-point pattern to access the home screen. Put your phone to sleep or wake it by double tapping the screen. Clock (Alarm Clock, Stopwatch, Timer, World Clock), Calculator, Calendar, Tasks. Text, picture, video, audio, location, contact, group, and more. Unique ringtone created for each caller based on phone numbers. Overlay up to two windows with adjustable sizing and transparency. Turn off all notifications except chosen ones. Open certain apps quickly with the volume key when the screen is locked or off. Password/pattern protect your memos in QuickMemo+*. Create a collection of copied and pasted items from which you can save or send. Google Docs,™ Google Sheets,™ and Google Slides – view, create, and edit on-the-go. Some owner content may still be accessible to a user who enables Content Lock.. 5 MP Rear-Facing Autofocus Camera and HD Camcorder with LED Flash. 5 MP Front-Facing Camera and HD Camcorder. Pre-set filter effects to give photos a film-like look and feel. Hold the shutter button to take multiple shots. Take selfies with a simple hand gesture. Make a fist twice to take four selfies in sequence. Soft light around the photo preview. Take selfies automatically using face detection. Take a photo by using the camera shortcut key. Use your voice to take a picture. Adjust light, color, pop, and vignette. Take still shots while recording video. Access social platforms instantly after taking pictures and videos. Tag location information in photos and videos. Available only on rear-facing camera or camcorder. Available only on front-facing camera or camcorder.. Video Player with Touch Lock, Resume Play, Play on Lock Screen, and Video Screenshot. Supports 3GP, 3G2, MP4, AVI, MKV, WebM, FLV, TS, OGM, and MPG formats. Customizable Screen Ratio, Subtitles, and Auto Off Function. Support for AAC, AAC+, eAAC+, M4A, AMR, MP3, MIDI, WAV, FLAC, PCM, and Ogg Formats. Organized by songs, albums, artists, genres, favorites, playlists, folders, and nearby. Transfer files or synchronize with Windows® Media Player or Android File Transfer*. Control games by turning and tilting**. Only available on certain interactions with the touch screen.. A2DP, AVRCP, DI, GATT, GAVDP, GOEP, HDP, HFP, HID, HOGP, HSP, MAP, OPP, ScPP, SPP,. Connect directly to devices via Wi-Fi connection. Connect to compatible musical instruments via USB**. A-GPS Support for Enhanced Location Accuracy. 4G LTE Network not available everywhere. 5.0" (1280 x 720) HD TFT Display. Qualcomm Snapdragon™ 1.3 GHz Quad-Core MSM8909. LTE Bands 2/4/5/12; GSM 850/900/1800/1900 MHz; WCDMA Bands 2/4/5. 5.70" (H) x 2.81" (W) x 0.27" (D); 4.30 oz. 8 GB (up to 3.7 GB usable). Actual battery time may vary depending on network connectivity and application use. Rated 5 out of. I am from india.i t this phone from houston from my brother.Im just in love with this but i cant get it unlock so what should i do for that?. Rated 1 out of. How to insert my sd card.. Am happy am using this product.. Rated 5 out of. For the price is a great phone. I bought this phone used and I was still impressed.. Rated 4 out of. Not bloatware, the apps that are included are actually useful.. Rated 5 out of. Could not believe price of this full featured phone on walmart.com, so risked a return trip and purchased 2, one for me, one for her.....wow, very happy. Speed and features of much higher priced phones. As of today, I cannot find this model or similar pricing at wally world. Maybe you will get lucky like I did.. Rated 5 out of. Just got the phone from QVC and couldn't be happier. the phone was easy to activate and easy to use. Takes great pictures and the calls are crystal clear. The battery holds a charge forever. I would recommend this for to everyone.. LG TONE PRO® Bluetooth® Wireless Stereo Headset. LG TONE Active+™ Bluetooth® Wireless Stereo Headset. LG Power Tank - 10,000 mAh Portable Battery Charger & Power Pack. We're here to support you with our product. Get the most out of your ownership. Help yourself to helpful product information. Learn how to install & operate your LG product. More help with your LG product. Contact us for any support inquiries.. Chat with an LG Support Representative. Tweet @LGUSSupport for Support.. No time to chat? Send LG Support your inquiry.. LG Fiesta™ 2 LTE (GSM) | TracFone. LG Rebel 2 LTE (GSM) | TracFone. LG Stylo™ 3 LTE (GSM) | TracFone. FIND AN AUTHORIZED STORE NEAR YOU. Whether you're searching for basic cell phones, state-of-the-art smartphones or something in between, it's all at your fingertips. Designed for the way you live, LG cell phones give you access to the latest technology and newest features, plus all the essentials—like talk and text messaging. If you're not sure what kind of phone you need, we can even help you find the right device. Just take a look at the type of phones we offer and find the category that best matches your needs. Basic: Boasting compact, stylish designs our basic phones give you the power to talk and text with ease—and typically come with a camera to help you capture special moments. Some may even come equipped with QWERTY keyboards, music players, and access to apps. Smartphones: Featuring access to ultra-fast processors, the latest apps, high-resolution cameras, HD displays, sophisticated designs and the newest technology, smartphones make it easy to stay organized and entertained on the go. Android: Boasting intuitive Android operating systems, these LG phones give you lightning-fast connections to the information you want. Plus, with available HD displays, high-resolution cameras, innovative security features, organizational tools, and access to thousands of apps, they're perfect for anyone with an on-the-go lifestyle. Touchscreen: Available with a wide range of features, our touchscreen cell phones give you the power to do more with just a tap. And with their available high-resolution cameras, HD displays, stylish designs and innovative technology, our touchscreen mobiles make it easy to find the perfect phone for the way you live. QWERTY Keyboard: Along with many of the same great features available on our smartphones, QWERTY devices also feature slide-out keyboards for those who prefer a more tactile experience. Processors that fit your speed: For the ultimate in speed and seamless multitasking, LG offers dual-core, quad-core , hexa-core and octa-core devices that give you fast access to your favorite apps and programs, and a host of state-of-the-art features. For added style and functionality, you can personalize your LG cell phone with the latest accessories. From cases and covers to headphones and chargers, our innovative collection makes it easy to get more from your go-to mobile device. Browse our newest cell phone accessories and upgrade your phone your way.. Design, features and specifications subject to change without notice. Some features in videos may not be available on all models. Please refer to the TECHNICAL SPECIFICATIONS tab for a complete list of features by model. *Prices, promotions and availability may vary by store and online. Prices subject to change without notice. Check with your local retailers for final price and availability.. LG SIGNATURE LG SIGNATURE Brand Story LG SIGNATURE Products Products OLED TVs Refrigerators Washers Dryers Air Purifiers Ranges Dishwashers Cell Phones All Phones AT&T Phones Sprint Phones T-Mobile Phones Verizon Phones US Cellular Phones Unlocked Phones Boost Mobile Phones Cricket Phones Metro PCS Phones TracFone Phones Virgin Mobile Phones Xfinity Phones Smartphones Android Phones 4G LTE Phones Quad-core Phones Budget Phones Basic Phones Prepaid / No Contract Phones G Series Phones K Series Phones Stylo Series Phones V Series Phones X Series Phones Touch Screen Smart Watches Tablets Enterprise Mobile Solutions Bluetooth Headsets & Headphones All Bluetooth Headsets & Headphones Shop LG Bluetooth Headsets & Headphones Discover LG TONE Headsets & Headphones Mobile Accessories All Mobile Accessories LG Wireless Keyboards Shop LG Wireless Keyboards LG Cell Phone Batteries Shop Cell Phone Batteries LG Cell Phone Cradles & Chargers Shop LG Cell Phone Cradles & Chargers LG Cell Phones Covers & Cases TVs All TVs OLED TVs HDR TVs SUPER UHD TVs 4K Ultra HD TVs LED TVs 3D TVs Smart TVs Curved TVs 22 Inch to 29 Inch Class TVs 32 Inch to 39 Inch Class TVs 40 Inch to 43 Inch Class TVs 47 Inch to 49 Inch Class TVs 50 Inch to 55 Inch Class TVs 60 Inch to 65 Inch Class TVs 70 Inch to 79 Inch Class TVs 84 Inch to 105 Inch Class TVs Home Audio All Home Audio Sound Bars Shelf Stereo & Loud Speaker Systems Bluetooth & Wireless Speakers Dolby Atmos Home Theater Smart Speakers Speakers with Meridian Audio Home Video Blu-ray & DVD Players Projectors Home Security TV Audio Video Accessories Remotes TV Wall Mounts 3D Glasses Discover LG Matte Black Refrigerators All Refrigerators Door-in-Door® French Door Side-by-Side Bottom Freezer Top Freezer Counter-Depth Kimchi/Specialty Foods Cooking Appliances All Cooking Appliances Ranges & Ovens Electric Ranges Gas Ranges Wall Ovens Single Wall Ovens Double Wall Ovens Cooktops Gas Cooktops Radiant (Electric) Cooktops Microwave Ovens Countertop Microwave Over The Range Microwave Hoods Dishwashers Top Control Dishwashers Front Control Dishwashers LG Studio Kitchen Accessories Refrigerator Filters All Kitchen Accessories Replacement Oven Knobs Washers All Washers Front Load Washers TWIN Load Washers LG SideKick™ Pedestal Washers Top Load Washers Washer Dryer Combos Dryers Gas Dryers Electric Dryers Steam Clothing Care System LG Styler Laundry Accessories Laundry Pedestals Dryer Racks Laundry Hoses Dryer Lint Filters Washer Dryer Stacking Kits Air Conditioners Portable Air Conditioners Window Air Conditioners Wall Air Conditioners Casement Air Conditioners Air Care Solutions Air Purifiers Dehumidifiers Vacuum Cleaners Robot Vacuum Cleaners Stick Vacuums LED Lights Home Appliance Accessories Air Conditioner Accessories Consumer Monitors All Monitors Gaming Monitors 4K / 5K Monitors 21:9 UltraWide® Monitors UltraFine™ Monitors IPS Monitors LED Monitors Commercial Monitors Desktop Monitors 21:9 UltraWide Monitors Medical Monitors Zero Client 4K UHD UltraFine™ Monitors Laptops Burners & Drives All Burners & Drives Blu-ray Burners and Drives DVD Burners and Drives Computer Accessories Promotions Discover LG Promotions Rebates SUPPORT Register a Product Software & Drivers Manuals & Documents Help Library Video Tutorials Additional Support MyLG Account Parts & Accessories Document Upload Announcements LG Refrigerator Energy Offer LG Recycling Program Works with Voice Assistant Repair Services Request a Repair Track Repair Locate Repair Provider LG Direct Service LG Authorized Service Center Contact Us Chat & Email Telephone Twitter Support Ask the Community Facebook Support Business Support Business Support Home Request RA Request SWAP Track RA or SWAP Status Business Warranty Enhanced Service Plan Five-Star Service Top Searches LG Bridge LG PC Suite Smart Share Mobile Support TV Support ABOUT LG Press Release Media Contacts Career Opportunities Newsletter Signup PUBLIC NOTICES General Mobile TV/Audio/Video Appliances Computer Products Compliance Information. For Business Site Map Privacy Legal Patent Terms & Conditions Accessibility Help. 
GSM 850 / 900 / 1800 / 1900 - SIM 1 & SIM 2 (dual-SIM model only). HSDPA 850 / 900 / 1900 / 2100. HSDPA 900 / 2100 - K200DS. LTE band 1(2100), 3(1800), 7(2600), 8(900), 20(800). LTE band 3(1800), 7(2600), 20(800) - K200DS. HSPA 42.2/5.76 Mbps, LTE Cat4 150/50 Mbps. 144.8 x 71.4 x 6.9 mm (5.70 x 2.81 x 0.27 in). Single SIM (Micro-SIM) or Dual SIM (Micro-SIM, dual stand-by). IPS LCD capacitive touchscreen, 16M colors. 5.0 inches, 68.9 cm 2 (~66.7% screen-to-body ratio). 720 x 1280 pixels, 16:9 ratio (~294 ppi density). microSD, up to 256 GB (dedicated slot). Geo-tagging, touch focus, face detection, panorama. Wi-Fi 802.11 b/g/n, Wi-Fi Direct, hotspot. SMS(threaded view), MMS, Email, Push Mail, IM. We can not guarantee that the information on this page is 100% correct. LG X style - user opinions and reviews. The Tracfone version is a watered down Virgin - Boost Mobile LG Tribute HD with less onboard storage with a weaker camera.. Click on Settings/ Apps, click individual app- Move to SD card (can't move entire app). Samsung Apple Nokia Sony LG HTC Motorola Huawei Microsoft Lenovo Xiaomi Google Acer Asus Oppo OnePlus Meizu BlackBerry Alcatel ZTE Toshiba Vodafone Energizer XOLO Lava Micromax BLU Gionee vivo LeEco Panasonic HP YU verykool Maxwest Plum. LG K10 LG K10 (2017) Samsung Galaxy J5 Prime Lenovo K6 Samsung Galaxy J5 Prime (2017) LG K4 (2017). LG V30 LG G6 LG Q6 LG V20 LG G5 LG K10 (2018). 
To properly experience our LG.com website,. you will need to use an alternate browser or upgrade to a newer version of internet Explorer (IE9 or greater).. Right click at the top of your browser and make sure the “Menu Bar” option is selected. Select “Tools” from the menu bar and then select “Compatibility View settings”. In the pop-up menu uncheck all three boxes and click “Close”. Your browser window will automatically refresh and you’ll be ready to go. The LG.com website utilizes responsive design to provide convenient experience that conforms to your devices screen size. In order to get the best possible experience our LG.COM website please follow below instructions.. If you’re using Internet Explorer 8 or earlier, you will need to use an alternate browser such as Firefox or Chrome or upgrade to a newer version of internet Explorer (IE9 or greater) .. If you’re using Internet Explorer 9 and higher, turn off your Internet Explorer browser’s “Compatibility View settings” by following steps below:. LG SIGNATURE Products Support. Products OLED TVs Refrigerators Washers Dryers Air Purifiers Ranges Dishwashers. Mobile TV/Audio/Video Appliances Computers. Cell Phones Discover the LG V30 Discover the LG G6 All Phones AT&T Phones Sprint Phones T-Mobile Phones Verizon Phones US Cellular Phones Unlocked Phones. Bluetooth Headsets & Headphones All Bluetooth Headsets & Headphones Shop Headsets & Headphones Accessories Discover LG TONE Headsets & Headphones. Mobile Accessories All Mobile Accessories Wireless Keyboards Cell Phone Batteries Cell Phone Cradles & Chargers Cell Phones Covers & Cases. The Big Screen that Fits in Your Hand. TVs All TVs OLED TVs SUPER UHD TVs 4K Ultra HD TVs LED TVs. Home Audio All Home Audio Sound Bars Shelf Stereo & Loud Speaker Systems Bluetooth & Wireless Speakers Dolby Atmos Home Theater Smart Speakers Speakers with Meridian Audio. Home Video Blu-ray & DVD Players Projectors. TV Audio Video Accessories Remotes TV Wall Mounts 3D Glasses. Refrigerators Discover LG InstaView™ Door-in-Door® All Refrigerators Door-in-Door® LG InstaView™ Door-in-Door® French Door Side-by-Side Bottom Freezer Top Freezer Counter-Depth Kimchi/Specialty Foods. Cooking Appliances All Cooking Appliances Discover NeoChef™ Microwaves Ranges & Ovens Wall Ovens Cooktops Microwave Ovens Hoods. Dishwashers Discover QuadWash™ Top Control Dishwashers Front Control Dishwashers. Kitchen Accessories Refrigerator Filters All Kitchen Accessories Replacement Oven Knobs. Washers All Washers Discover LG SideKick™ Front Load Washers TWIN Load Washers LG SideKick™ Pedestal Washers Top Load Washers. Dryers Gas Dryers Electric Dryers. Steam Clothing Care System LG Styler. Air Care Solutions Air Purifiers Dehumidifiers. Vacuum Cleaners Robot Vacuum Cleaners Stick Vacuums. Knock Twice and See What's Inside. For Small Loads That Are a Big Deal. Consumer Monitors All Monitors Gaming Monitors 4K / 5K Monitors 21:9 UltraWide® Monitors UltraFine™ Monitors IPS Monitors LED Monitors. Commercial Monitors Desktop Monitors 21:9 UltraWide Monitors Medical Monitors Zero Client 4K UHD UltraFine™ Monitors. Burners & Drives All Burners & Drives Blu-ray Burners and Drives DVD Burners and Drives. Additional Support MyLG Account Parts & Accessories Document Upload Announcements Works with Voice Assistant. Repair Services Request a Repair Track Repair Locate Repair Provider LG Direct Service LG Authorized Service Center. Contact Us Chat & Email Telephone Twitter Support Ask the Community Facebook Support. Business Support Business Support Home Request RA Request SWAP Track RA or SWAP Status Business Warranty Enhanced Service Plan Five-Star Service. Top Searches LG Bridge LG PC Suite Smart Share Mobile Support TV Support. Discover Our Newest Collection of TV, Appliance and Mobile Accessories. Extend your protection for years to come with the additional peace of mind of LG Premium Care.. Step-by-Step Guide by Device and Cable Connector.. Search Search. Welcome Sign out. LG X style™ (CDMA) | TracFone. Beauty Shot Shows You at Your Best. Film Effect for Fun, Retro Photos. LG X style™ (CDMA) | TracFone. 5 MP Rear Camera with Film Effect. 5 MP Front Camera with Auto Shot. Be bold and impress at every occasion with a clever design that fits the curves of your hand and the contours of your character.. Set the tone before snapping your shot—choose the best filter to make your photos pop.. Just pose and facial recognition does the rest, capturing an awesome selfie—with no hands!. View vibrant pictures, videos, and on-screen entertainment in authentic color and eye-opening clarity.. Qualcomm® Snapdragon™ 1.3 GHz Quad-Core MSM8909. 8 GB (up to 3.7 GB usable) - expandable via microSD™ card (sold separately). Elegant, Minimal Design, Beauty Shot Shows You at Your Best, Hands-Free Selfies with. Auto Shot, Film Effect for Fun, Retro Photos. Corning® Gorilla® Glass 3 with Native Damage Resistance™. Conveniently access all apps from the home screen. Decreases the amount of blue light on the screen to help reduce eye strain. Take notes on a blank screen with ability to choose paper style, pen size and color,. add text with a PC-like tool bar, and more. Write or draw on nearly any screen and then save to QuickMemo+ or Photos. Minimize the battery consumption through efficient UX control. Tap a 6-to-8-point pattern to access the home screen. Put your phone to sleep or wake it by double tapping the screen. Clock (Alarm Clock, Stopwatch, Timer, World Clock), Calculator, Calendar, Tasks. Text, picture, video, audio, location, contact, group, and more. Unique ringtone created for each caller based on phone numbers. Overlay up to two windows with adjustable sizing and transparency. Turn off all notifications except chosen ones. Open certain apps quickly with the volume key when the screen is locked or off. Password/pattern protect your memos in QuickMemo+*. Create a collection of copied and pasted items from which you can save or send. Google Docs,™ Google Sheets,™ and Google Slides – view, create, and edit on-the-go. Some owner content may still be accessible to a user who enables Content Lock.. 5 MP Rear-Facing Autofocus Camera and HD Camcorder with LED Flash. 5 MP Front-Facing Camera and HD Camcorder. Pre-set filter effects to give photos a film-like look and feel. Hold the shutter button to take multiple shots. Take selfies with a simple hand gesture. Make a fist twice to take four selfies in sequence. Soft light around the photo preview. Take selfies automatically using face detection. Take a photo by using the camera shortcut key. Use your voice to take a picture. Adjust light, color, pop, and vignette. Take still shots while recording video. Access social platforms instantly after taking pictures and videos. Tag location information in photos and videos. Available only on rear-facing camera or camcorder. Available only on front-facing camera or camcorder.. Video Player with Touch Lock, Resume Play, Play on Lock Screen, and Video Screenshot. Supports 3GP, 3G2, MP4, AVI, MKV, WebM, FLV, TS, OGM, and MPG formats. Customizable Screen Ratio, Subtitles, and Auto Off Function. Support for AAC, AAC+, eAAC+, M4A, AMR, MP3, MIDI, WAV, FLAC, PCM, and Ogg Formats. Organized by songs, albums, artists, genres, favorites, playlists, folders, and nearby. Transfer files or synchronize with Windows® Media Player or Android File Transfer*. Control games by turning and tilting**. Only available on certain interactions with the touch screen.. A2DP, AVRCP, DI, GATT, GAVDP, GOEP, HDP, HFP, HID, HOGP, HSP, MAP, OPP, ScPP, SPP,. Connect directly to devices via Wi-Fi connection. Connect to compatible musical instruments via USB**. 4G LTE Network not available everywhere. 5.0" (1280 x 720) HD TFT Display. Qualcomm Snapdragon™ 1.3 GHz Quad-Core MSM8909. LTE Bands 2/4/13; 1.9 GHz CDMA PCS, 800 MHz CDMA. LTE, EVDO, EVDO Rev A, 1xRTT. 5.70" (H) x 2.81" (W) x 0.27" (D); 4.23 oz. 8 GB (up to 3.7 GB usable). Actual battery time may vary depending on network connectivity and application use. Rated 2 out of. I've used this phone for a straight year. Here is what I think about this phone. Its 720p and its completely fine for a 5.0 inch screen. -The battery life is below average. Watching YouTube videos and scrolling through social media will take down some of the battery. Don't even think about playing games on this, as the battery will die before you know it. -This phone heats up A LOT when trying to do basic tasks. The screen gets uncomfortably warm and the back gets hot. -Day to day tasks on this thing are, Good! Social media apps like YouTube, Instagram, and Snaphat, if you even have enough space left, will work fine.. -The camera is below average, as well as the microphone. But its a budget phone and the camera is 5MP, so what did you expect..?. -The storage on this is mediocre. Android 6.0 + Bloatware will only leave you with 2 or 1.5 GB of breathing room and pictures/videos will eat up even more storage. Best you buy an SD card for storage.. This phone will be just fine for the average user who wants to watch YouTube videos and send text messages, or whatever the average user would want to do.. Rated 2 out of. The phone battery runs down quickly. I can not put apps onto it either.. Rated 3 out of. Phone is okay until the back cover broke. I bought this phone 2/17, my third tracfone. I purschased because I wanted the two cameras& some of the extra features. The quality of the pics are terrible. The back of my phone chipped around the camera lense today, I called help line and was told that they do not have any back covers, that I would have to buy a new phone, or try to get it fixed. My last tracfone came with two back covers. I've enjoyed owning a tracfone for 15 years.. Rated 2 out of. Great for use as a phone. Iimited usable memory for apps makes it a pretty basic smartphone. The wife dropped her phone from about 3 feet and the screen shattered. The camera does not take clear pictures. The screen is very clear and sharp.. Rated 4 out of. About 6 months because the size interested me. I have small hands but what a phone could hold comfortably but still have a good grip. Rated 1 out of. I purchased the phone in October of 2016 and activated it in March of 2017. When I turned it on, the screen went to black vertical lines and then totally black. I thought that perhaps the battery was run down so I plugged it in. When I went back to check in about 10 minutes, the phone was too hot to touch especially in the lower left hand corner. The whole phone was very hot but that corner was extremely hot. I have been in contact with tracfone. Their representative indicates that the phone is "dead" and that I should contact LG since the phone is less than a year old. I tried Live Chat on LG and go no response for over 15 minutes. Tracfone was much more responsive, but they don't warranty the phone, LG does. I liked the phone much better than my last LG until it died today.. Rated 3 out of. I've had this for a few months. As a phone, it can't be beat.. However, it has the worlds WORST camera. Don't even try to take a picture with it .. Rated 5 out of. Bought 2 of these phones and have been using them for the past 2 months. Great phone with lots of features. Very easy to customize to your preferences. Everything comes across nice and clear. Having Android 6.01 version is a plus as well. We put these phones through some very rough daily use and still no problems at all.. LG TONE TRIUMPH™ Bluetooth® Wireless Stereo Headset. LG TONE Active® Bluetooth® Wireless Headset. LG Power Tank - 10,000 mAh Portable Battery Charger & Power Pack. We're here to support you with our product. Get the most out of your ownership. Help yourself to helpful product information. Learn how to install & operate your LG product. More help with your LG product. Contact us for any support inquiries.. Chat with an LG Support Representative. Tweet @LGUSSupport for Support.. No time to chat? Send LG Support your inquiry.. LG Fiesta™ 2 LTE (GSM) | TracFone. LG Stylo™ 3 LTE (GSM) | TracFone. LG Grace™ LTE (GSM) | TracFone. FIND AN AUTHORIZED STORE NEAR YOU. Whether you're searching for basic cell phones, state-of-the-art smartphones or something in between, it's all at your fingertips. Designed for the way you live, LG cell phones give you access to the latest technology and newest features, plus all the essentials—like talk and text messaging. If you're not sure what kind of phone you need, we can even help you find the right device. Just take a look at the type of phones we offer and find the category that best matches your needs. Basic: Boasting compact, stylish designs our basic phones give you the power to talk and text with ease—and typically come with a camera to help you capture special moments. Some may even come equipped with QWERTY keyboards, music players, and access to apps. Smartphones: Featuring access to ultra-fast processors, the latest apps, high-resolution cameras, HD displays, sophisticated designs and the newest technology, smartphones make it easy to stay organized and entertained on the go. Android: Boasting intuitive Android operating systems, these LG phones give you lightning-fast connections to the information you want. Plus, with available HD displays, high-resolution cameras, innovative security features, organizational tools, and access to thousands of apps, they're perfect for anyone with an on-the-go lifestyle. Touchscreen: Available with a wide range of features, our touchscreen cell phones give you the power to do more with just a tap. And with their available high-resolution cameras, HD displays, stylish designs and innovative technology, our touchscreen mobiles make it easy to find the perfect phone for the way you live. QWERTY Keyboard: Along with many of the same great features available on our smartphones, QWERTY devices also feature slide-out keyboards for those who prefer a more tactile experience. Processors that fit your speed: For the ultimate in speed and seamless multitasking, LG offers dual-core, quad-core , hexa-core and octa-core devices that give you fast access to your favorite apps and programs, and a host of state-of-the-art features. For added style and functionality, you can personalize your LG cell phone with the latest accessories. From cases and covers to headphones and chargers, our innovative collection makes it easy to get more from your go-to mobile device. Browse our newest cell phone accessories and upgrade your phone your way.. Design, features and specifications subject to change without notice. Some features in videos may not be available on all models. Please refer to the TECHNICAL SPECIFICATIONS tab for a complete list of features by model. *Prices, promotions and availability may vary by store and online. Prices subject to change without notice. Check with your local retailers for final price and availability.. LG SIGNATURE LG SIGNATURE Brand Story LG SIGNATURE Products Products OLED TVs Refrigerators Washers Dryers Air Purifiers Ranges Dishwashers Cell Phones All Phones AT&T Phones Sprint Phones T-Mobile Phones Verizon Phones US Cellular Phones Unlocked Phones Boost Mobile Phones Cricket Phones Metro PCS Phones TracFone Phones Virgin Mobile Phones Xfinity Phones Smartphones Android Phones 4G LTE Phones Quad-core Phones Budget Phones Basic Phones Prepaid / No Contract Phones G Series Phones K Series Phones Stylo Series Phones V Series Phones X Series Phones Touch Screen Smart Watches Tablets Enterprise Mobile Solutions Bluetooth Headsets & Headphones All Bluetooth Headsets & Headphones Shop LG Bluetooth Headsets & Headphones Discover LG TONE Headsets & Headphones Mobile Accessories All Mobile Accessories LG Wireless Keyboards Shop LG Wireless Keyboards LG Cell Phone Batteries Shop Cell Phone Batteries LG Cell Phone Cradles & Chargers Shop LG Cell Phone Cradles & Chargers LG Cell Phones Covers & Cases TVs All TVs OLED TVs HDR TVs SUPER UHD TVs 4K Ultra HD TVs LED TVs 3D TVs Smart TVs Curved TVs 22 Inch to 29 Inch Class TVs 32 Inch to 39 Inch Class TVs 40 Inch to 43 Inch Class TVs 47 Inch to 49 Inch Class TVs 50 Inch to 55 Inch Class TVs 60 Inch to 65 Inch Class TVs 70 Inch to 79 Inch Class TVs 84 Inch to 105 Inch Class TVs Home Audio All Home Audio Sound Bars Shelf Stereo & Loud Speaker Systems Bluetooth & Wireless Speakers Dolby Atmos Home Theater Smart Speakers Speakers with Meridian Audio Home Video Blu-ray & DVD Players Projectors Home Security TV Audio Video Accessories Remotes TV Wall Mounts 3D Glasses Discover LG Matte Black Refrigerators All Refrigerators Door-in-Door® French Door Side-by-Side Bottom Freezer Top Freezer Counter-Depth Kimchi/Specialty Foods Cooking Appliances All Cooking Appliances Ranges & Ovens Electric Ranges Gas Ranges Wall Ovens Single Wall Ovens Double Wall Ovens Cooktops Gas Cooktops Radiant (Electric) Cooktops Microwave Ovens Countertop Microwave Over The Range Microwave Hoods Dishwashers Top Control Dishwashers Front Control Dishwashers LG Studio Kitchen Accessories Refrigerator Filters All Kitchen Accessories Replacement Oven Knobs Washers All Washers Front Load Washers TWIN Load Washers LG SideKick™ Pedestal Washers Top Load Washers Washer Dryer Combos Dryers Gas Dryers Electric Dryers Steam Clothing Care System LG Styler Laundry Accessories Laundry Pedestals Dryer Racks Laundry Hoses Dryer Lint Filters Washer Dryer Stacking Kits Air Conditioners Portable Air Conditioners Window Air Conditioners Wall Air Conditioners Casement Air Conditioners Air Care Solutions Air Purifiers Dehumidifiers Vacuum Cleaners Robot Vacuum Cleaners Stick Vacuums LED Lights Home Appliance Accessories Air Conditioner Accessories Consumer Monitors All Monitors Gaming Monitors 4K / 5K Monitors 21:9 UltraWide® Monitors UltraFine™ Monitors IPS Monitors LED Monitors Commercial Monitors Desktop Monitors 21:9 UltraWide Monitors Medical Monitors Zero Client 4K UHD UltraFine™ Monitors Laptops Burners & Drives All Burners & Drives Blu-ray Burners and Drives DVD Burners and Drives Computer Accessories Promotions Discover LG Promotions Rebates SUPPORT Register a Product Software & Drivers Manuals & Documents Help Library Video Tutorials Additional Support MyLG Account Parts & Accessories Document Upload Announcements LG Refrigerator Energy Offer LG Recycling Program Works with Voice Assistant Repair Services Request a Repair Track Repair Locate Repair Provider LG Direct Service LG Authorized Service Center Contact Us Chat & Email Telephone Twitter Support Ask the Community Facebook Support Business Support Business Support Home Request RA Request SWAP Track RA or SWAP Status Business Warranty Enhanced Service Plan Five-Star Service Top Searches LG Bridge LG PC Suite Smart Share Mobile Support TV Support ABOUT LG Press Release Media Contacts Career Opportunities Newsletter Signup PUBLIC NOTICES General Mobile TV/Audio/Video Appliances Computer Products Compliance Information. For Business Site Map Privacy Legal Patent Terms & Conditions Accessibility Help. 
Select the department you want to search in. Sign in Account & Lists Sign in Account & Lists Orders Try Prime Cart. Your Amazon.com Today's Deals Gift Cards Registry Sell Help Disability Customer Support. 1-16 of over 9,000 results for "LG X Style". Simple Mobile LG X Style 4G LTE Prepaid Smartphone. $38.24 (9 used &amp new offers). The Trachoma LG x style Android prepaid smartphone serves as a useful .... LG Tribute HD Case, LG X Style Case, LG Volt 3 Case, Ueokeird Hybrid Dual Layer Armor Protective Phone Case Cover with kickstand for LG X Style / Volt 3 / Tribute HD (blue). LG X Style Case ,Dual layers of protection featuring a TPU inner layer .... TracFone LG Rebel 4G LTE Prepaid Smartphone. $26.50 (16 used &amp new offers). [2-Pack] Supershieldz for LG X Style Tempered Glass Screen Protector, Anti-Scratch, Anti-Fingerprint, Bubble Free, Lifetime Replacement Warranty. Only 19 left in stock - order soon.. LG Tribute HD Case / LG X Style Case With Tempered Glass Screen Protector,IDEA LINE(TM) Heavy Duty Armor Shock Proof Dual Layer Holster Locking Belt Swivel Clip with Kick Stand - Black. Product Features For LG Tribute HD / LG X Style .Included Tempered Glass Screen Protector.. LG Tribute HD Screen Protector, LG X Style Screen Protector, AnoKe [Tempered Glass] [Case Friendly] [0.3mm 9H 2.5D] Clear Screen Protector with Lifetime Replacement Warranty for LG LS676- 3Pack. LG X Style Case, LG Tribute HD Case, TownShop Marble Pattern Design Hard Impact Dual Layer Shockproof Bumper Case For LG X Style / Volt 3 / Tribute HD (LS676). Only 15 left in stock - order soon.. Product Features Compatible with LG X Style / Volt 3 / Tribute HD (LS676) ONLY. LG Tribute HD Case, LG X Style LS676 Case With TJS Tempered Glass Screen Protector Included, Ultra Thin Slim Hybrid Shockproof Drop Protection Impact Rugged Hard Armor Case Cover (Black/Rose Gold). Product Features Perfect match and fit For LG Tribute HD/ X Style LS676/L53B/L56VL. LG Tribute HD Case, LG X Style LS676 Case, LG L53B/L56VL Case With TJS Tempered Glass Screen Protector, TJS Hybrid Hard Carbon Fiber Shockproof Slim Fit TPU Armor Drop Protection Case Cover (Black). Product Features Perfect match and fit For LG Tribute HD/ X Style LS676/L53B/L56VL. Simple Mobile SMLGL53BGP5ET Prepaid Smartphone, LG X Style 4G LTE with Airtime Bundle. The Trachoma LG x style Android prepaid smartphone serves as a useful .... LG Tribute HD Case, LG X Style Case, LG Volt 3 Case, UrSpeedtekLive[Shock Absorpt] Studded Rhinestone Bling Hybrid Dual Armor Defender Cover Case for LG Tribute HD / X Style / Volt 3 -Flower. Product Features Compatible with LG Tribute HD, LG X Style , LG Volt 3, LG LS676. LG Tribute HD Case, LG X Style LS676 Case With TJS Tempered Glass Screen Protector Included, Ultra Thin Slim Hybrid Shockproof Drop Protection Impact Rugged Hard Armor Case Cover (Black/Grey). Product Features Perfect match and fit For LG Tribute HD/ X Style LS676/L53B/L56VL. LG Tribute HD Case,LG X Style Case,LG Volt 3 Case,Free Galaxy Screen Protector Tempered Glass Film,KooJoee Heavy Duty Shockproof Dual-Layer Armor Protection Case with Belt Clip and Kickstand(Green). Only 9 left in stock - order soon.. Design: LG Tribute HD/ LG X Style / LG Volt 3/LS676 case with Kickstand .... LG Tribute HD Case, LG X Style Case, LG Volt 3 Case,BENTOBEN Glitter Bling Slim Hybrid Soft Rubber Hard Cover Sparkly PU Leather Protective Phone Case for LG Tribute HD/X Style /Volt 3/LS676,Rose Gold. LG Tribute HD / LG X Style / LG Volt 3 / LG LS676, Not .... LG Tribute HD Case, LG X Style Case, LG Volt 3 Case, Tauri [Anti Scratch] Slim Thin Clear Flexible Soft TPU Protective Case Cover for LG Tribute HD / LG X Style / LG Volt 3 - Clear. Only 3 left in stock - order soon.. Product Features COMPATIBILITY: Specially designed for LG Tribute HD / LG X Style / LG Volt 3.. All customers get FREE Shipping on orders over $25 shipped by Amazon. Cell Phone Cases, Holsters & Clips. 4 Stars & Up & Up. 3 Stars & Up & Up. 2 Stars & Up & Up. 1 Star & Up & Up. There's a problem loading this menu right now.. Get fast, free shipping with Amazon Prime. Prime members enjoy FREE Two-Day Shipping and exclusive access to music, movies, TV shows, original audio series, and Kindle books.. Careers About Amazon Investor Relations Amazon Devices. Sell on Amazon Sell Your Services on Amazon Sell on Amazon Business Sell Your Apps on Amazon Become an Affiliate Advertise Your Products Self-Publish with Us › See all. Amazon Rewards Visa Signature Cards Amazon.com Store Card Amazon.com Corporate Credit Line Shop with Points Credit Card Marketplace Reload Your Balance Amazon Currency Converter. Your Account Your Orders Shipping Rates & Policies Amazon Prime Returns & Replacements Manage Your Content and Devices Amazon Assistant Help. Amazon Music Stream millions of songs. Amazon Drive Cloud storage from Amazon. 6pm Score deals on fashion brands. AbeBooks Books, art & collectibles. ACX Audiobook Publishing Made Easy. Alexa Actionable Analytics for the Web. Amazon Business Everything For Your Business. AmazonFresh Groceries & More Right To Your Door. AmazonGlobal Ship Orders Internationally. Home Services Handpicked Pros Happiness Guarantee. Amazon Inspire Digital Educational Resources. Amazon Rapids Fun stories for kids on the go. Amazon Restaurants Food delivery from local restaurants. Amazon Video Direct Video Distribution Made Easy. Amazon Web Services Scalable Cloud Computing Services. Audible Download Audio Books. AudiobookStand Discount Audiobooks on Disc. Book Depository Books With Free Delivery Worldwide. Box Office Mojo Find Movie Box Office Data. ComiXology Thousands of Digital Comics. CreateSpace Indie Print Publishing Made Easy. DPReview Digital Photography. East Dane Designer Men's Fashion. Fabric Sewing, Quilting & Knitting. Goodreads Book reviews & recommendations. IMDb Movies, TV & Celebrities. IMDbPro Get Info Entertainment Professionals Need. Junglee.com Shop Online in India. Kindle Direct Publishing Indie Digital Publishing Made Easy. Prime Now FREE 2-Hour Delivery on Everyday Items. Prime Photos Unlimited Photo Storage Free With Prime. Shopbop Designer Fashion Brands. TenMarks.com Math Activities for Kids & Schools. Warehouse Deals Open-Box Discounts. Whole Foods Market America’s Healthiest Grocery Store. Withoutabox Submit to Film Festivals. Woot! Deals and Shenanigans. Zappos Shoes & Clothing. Souq.com Shop Online in the Middle East. Subscribe with Amazon Discover & try subscription services. Conditions of Use Privacy Notice Interest-Based Ads © 1996-2018, Amazon.com, Inc. 
The source for Tech Buying Advice. More Car Tech. Tech deals, prizes and latest news. Hands on: LG X Style review. Exclusive: LG's latest mid-range is a slim Android phone. What is a hands on review?. LG X Style is the more elegant looking mid-range Android phone. But like a lot of fashionable things, it lacks true power compared to other X Series phones.. Design and display Specs and camera Early verdict. The LG X Style is determined prove that just because an Android phone is logged in the mid-tier doesn't mean it has to be a chunky plastic eyesore. Okay, the LG X Style that I tested in Seoul, Korea is still made of plastic, but it remains thin and light compared to a lot of monster-sized budget phones that we've reviewed. That's the standout feature of this LG X Series handset. LG X Power touts a bigger battery, LG X Mach faster networking speed, LG X Cam two cameras and LG X Screen a second display.. This may be the more attention-grabbing phone when someone walks into a store looking for a cheap Android phone, one that looks like a flagship but doesn't cost a lot of money. It's all about looks with the appropriately named LG X Style. Its has a thin and light design and 5-inch display size at 720p, which most phone owners find reasonable to hold in one hand.. See the elegantly curved top and bottom. The X Style dimensions are 144.8 x 71.4 x 6.9mm, which makes it thinner than the iPhone 6S (7.1mm). It's a bit lighter too, at 122g (instead of Apple's 143g). As elegant as it looks, it's still just plastic.. It has subtly curved edges that slope off the top and and bottom of the phone. It's nowhere near as dramatic as holding the curved Samsung Galaxy S7 Edge sides, but it's a nice touch nonetheless.. It's so thin, in fact that the bottom hardly fits the 3.5mm headphone jack and microUSB port. New phones like the Moto Z and Moto Z Force eschew the jack, and so might the iPhone 7. Thankfully, LG didn't go the same route.. LG has announced three colors so far: Titan, White, Gold. However, I spotted a fourth, possibly Indigo, color when testing out the new LG X Style phone earlier this month. You're not going to find a lot of horsepower behind the LG X Style. Like a lot of things in life, looks are fleeting. This doesn't have the LG X Power battery or LG X Mach faster chipset.. Instead, the LG X Style specs gets away with a 1.3GHz quad-core processor and 1.5GB of RAM. It has 8GB of internal storage, but it's of the slightly slower eMM variety.. The good news is that this LTE phone runs Android 6.0 Marshmallow just fine from what I saw at the LG offices. It also has an NFC chip inside, but so far that's only destined to work in South Korea.. LG X Style has an 8MP camera and 5MP front-facing camera. That's about par for the course on a mid-range Android phone. If you're looking for something extra, go with the dual-lens LG X Cam instead.. The X Style has one more thing in common with the current LG G5 flagship: a removable battery. You have to take it out the old-fashioned way (by peeling off back the cover).. Even at a 2,100mAh capacity, this phone should still get you through a full day given the fact that the specs aren't going to be taxing the battery life over 24 hours.. The LG X Style looks and feels closer to a flagship phone thanks to its thin and light design and curved top and bottom edges. There's definitely some flair to this plastic mid-range handset.. It's not going to fool anyone into thinking you have a top-tier phone, and the specs really don't match the top of the line handsets from LG and Samsung. It can, however, run Android 6.0 Marshmallow just fine.. We'll have to dive deeper into the LG X Style performance when the phone becomes available. It'll roll out to Korea first, then Eastern Europe and Latin America and no pricing details have been made available.. What is a hands on review?. 'Hands on reviews' are a journalist's first impressions of a piece of kit based on spending some time with it. It may be just a few moments, or a few hours. The important thing is we have been able to play with it ourselves and can give you some sense of what it's like to use, even if it's only an embryonic view. For more information, see TechRadar's Reviews Guarantee .. You can unsubscribe at any time and we'll never share your details without your permission.. Get the best tech deals, reviews, product advice, competitions, unmissable tech news and more!. 1 Samsung Galaxy S9 release date, price, news and features. 2 Samsung Galaxy S9 launch: as it happened. 3 Samsung Galaxy S9 live stream: how to watch today's big launch event. 4 MWC 2018: All the latest news from the show. 5 How to watch Arsenal v Man City live stream online for the Carabao Cup final NOW. 2 Samsung Galaxy S9 Plus review. 3 Samsung Galaxy S9 release date, price, news and features. 4 Samsung Galaxy S9 launch: as it happened. 5 BlackBerry: 'we understand we are not for everyone' but 'we're here to stay'. TechRadar is part of Future plc, an international media group and leading digital publisher. England and Wales company registration number 2008885.. 
Find the Best Cell Phone and Plan for You. PhoneDog's innovative comparison tool can help you save on cell phones and plans. Find the best phone and plan for you today with PhoneDog!. Compare Phones and Plans Compare Cell Phones. Trending: iPhone 8. f g+ t yt. black yellow gold. is a 4G LTE smartphone with. a 5-inch IPS LCD display and a resolution of 720x1280 and 294ppi density.. From within, a 1.3GHz Quad-Core Cortex-A7 processor operates with 1.5 GB of RAM. Onboard storage is 16GB with a microSD card slot for up to 256GB memory expansion. 8MP rear-facing camera with 1080p video recording quality and a 5MP camera in front. Upon release, the phone runs on Android 6.0.1 Marshmallow OS. The 2,100 mAh battery included on the device is non-removable.. There is a choice to get the LG X Style in Black, White, or Titan color.. See Available Plans or get it unlocked here. Apple iPad mini with Retina Display. Apple iPad mini with Retina display 16GB Silver. DROID RAZR MAXX HD by Motorola. Motorola RAZR V3 Dolce & Gabbana. Plans Unlocked Specs Media Reviews Deals. - Any - AT&T Atlantis Telecom Boost Mobile Cricket Credo Mobile SpeedTalk Mobile BOOM Mobile MetroPCS Net10 Pix Wireless Pure TalkUSA Red Pocket Mobile ROK Mobile Republic Wireless Sprint Straight Talk Ting T-Mobile TextNow Tello Teltik TPO Mobile Twigby US Mobile Verizon Wireless Virgin Mobile. - Any - Monthly/No Contract Prepaid. Sort by: Price Carrier Minutes Data. Expert Review User reviews. Get $100 off iPhone X with code VZWDEAL. Limited Time Offer on Poly and Bark Louis Ghost Style Arm Chair (Set of 4), Clear.. Limited Time Offer on Poly and Bark Eames Eiffel DKR Style Wire Chair, Black, Set of 2.. Limited Time Offer on Poly and Bark Victoria Ghost Style Side Chair (Set of 2), Black.. Limited Time Offer on Teal Plastic Tablecloth, 108" x 54".. Limited Time Offer on U Brands Contempo Magnetic Monthly Calendar Dry Erase Board, 11 x 14 Inches, White Frame.. Limited Time Offer on TOPS Money Receipt Book, 2-Part, Carbonless, 2-3/4 x 7-1/8 Inches, 4 Receipts per Page, 400 Sets per Book (46816).. Limited Time Offer on Moda At Home Inc 454033 LUX Microfiber Bath Rug with Non-Skid Backing, Ideal for Double Sink Area, 20-Inch X 64-Inch, Grey.. Limited Time Offer on Adorable Hello Kitty Rainbow Birthday Party Invitations Cards Supply (8 Pack), Pink, 6 1/4" x 4 1/4".. Huawei Ascend 5W Samsung Galaxy A7 (2017) Samsung Galaxy A3 (2017) Samsung Galaxy A5 (2017). Looks like there are no reviews yet, be the first to write one now.. Sort by Oldest Latest Negative Positive. OFFICIAL SMARTPHONE RANKINGS Please Login/Register to Vote. Select the amount of total data you need for the entire plan.. For example, if you need 2 lines with 1 GB of data each, you would select 2 GB of data with the data slider below.. - Any - 0 5KB 50MB 30MB 100MB 125MB 150MB 200MB 250MB 300MB 334MB 350MB 375MB 400MB 500MB 600MB 625MB 700MB 800MB 834MB 900MB 938MB 1GB 1.2GB 1.5GB 1.6GB 2GB 2.03GB 2.5GB 3GB 3.7GB 4GB 5GB 6GB 6.1GB 7GB 7.3GB 8GB 8.5GB 9GB 10GB 11GB 12GB 13GB 14GB 15GB 16GB 18GB 20GB 22GB 23GB 24GB 25GB 30GB 32GB 35GB 40GB 50GB 60GB 80GB 85GB 100GB 120GB 150GB 200GB Unlimited. BLU Vivo X Review: BLU's Most Appealing Smartphone Yet!. 4 days 13 hours ago. Android 8.0 Oreo on the OnePlus 5T. 5 days 10 hours ago. 1 week 9 hours ago. The OnePlus 5T Competitor You Haven't Heard About. 1 week 3 days ago. People's Choice Expert's Choice. OFFICIAL SMARTPHONE RANKINGS Please Login/Register to Vote. OFFICIAL SMARTPHONE RANKINGS Please Login/Register to Vote. OFFICIAL SMARTPHONE RANKINGS Please Login/Register to Vote. OFFICIAL SMARTPHONE RANKINGS Please Login/Register to Vote. OFFICIAL SMARTPHONE RANKINGS Please Login/Register to Vote. PHONEDOG PHONEDOG MEDIA FAMILY Phonedog - Cell Phone News TmoNews - The Unofficial T-Mobile Blog AndroidAndMe - Everything Android. PhoneDog Media is home to PhoneDog, Android & Me, TmoNews, and TodaysiPhone. The network receives 2.5 million unique visitors and 10 million pageviews each month, along with a combined three million video views on YouTube.. While the name is jovial, the PhoneDog Media network offers up a wealth of written and video content to help readers make important decisions about mobile technology.. Established in 2001, PhoneDog Media is a privately owned and operated company.. Company Home Privacy Policy Term of Use Contact About Us In-Depth Reviews. Reproduction without explicit permission is prohibited. 
Tracfone Promo Codes - February 2018. LG X Style (L56VL) Tracfone Review. Tracfone LG X Style (L56VL) Review - Android Smartphone. Welcome to TracfoneReviewer , your source for Tracfone related news, reviews, information and promo codes!. The LG X Style is a recently released (early 2017) Android powered smartphone with 5" touchscreen, Android 6.0, and 4G LTE capability with Tracfone Wireless service. In this review you will find full specs and features for the X Style, pro's and con's, and comparison to other Tracfone smartphones.. This device is another smartphone in a growing list offered by Tracfone that feature Android 6.0 Marshmallow. The Samsung Galaxy Sky and Samsung Galaxy Luna are two other smartphone options, which we will compare to the X Style further along. A newer Android OS such as 6.0 means less vulnerabilities and newer features.. The LG X Style is an exciting blend of good specs and a small, sleek body that make it seem more expensive than it is, at just over $100. One of the drawbacks for this device is the lack of internal memory, with just 8 GB.. Let's take a look at our pro's and con's fr the X Style. -Sleek, Curved device (feels more expensive than it is). -8 GB Internal Memory (less than 4 GB Usable). -No Triple Minutes for Life (it appears Tracfone is phasing this out, and any smartphones with Android 6.0 or newer will not have Triple Minutes for Life. The low internal memory may be a deal breaker for many, who need the space for storing apps, photos, videos and music. But the X Style does have a Micro SD card slot for extra storage.. Of course, for those looking for more internal memory, the best options might be bringing an unlocked smartphone to the BYOP program. There are a number of great smartphones with 16 or sometimes 32 GB memory available for $200 or less. Visit our list of the Best Unlocked Smartphones for Tracfone BYOP to learn more about these options.. With any budget smartphone, the manufacturer has to balance performance with price. Has LG got this one right? We shall find out in this review. Let's begin with the full list of Features and specs. Please note that there are two versions of this phone, one uses CDMA service while the other uses GSM. Currently the CDMA (LG L56VL) version is the only available device.. Tracfone LG X Style Features and Specs. Below are the features, followed by the X Style's technical specs. LG L53BL uses GSM (ATT/T-Mobile) network. LG L56VL uses CDMA (Verizon) network. 5 MP Rear Camera and 5 MP Front Camera. Headsfree speaker, Alarm Clock, MP3 Player. Access to over 1 Million Apps on Google Play. Triple Minutes for Life (on regular airtime cards). 5,0" Touchscreen with 1280x720 TFT HD Display and Gorilla Glass 3. 1.3 Ghz Quad-Core Processor (Qualcomm Snapdragon). 8 GB Memory (up to 3.7 GB Usable) (Micro SD card slot for up to 32 GB extra storage). Battery: 2100 mAh with 9 hours talk time/ 10 days standby (battery removable). A removable batter is a popular feature for some, and the X Style allows that. Also notice that there is a GSM and CDMA version of the phone, so be sure to choose the device that is right for your location. The X Style comes with Triple Minutes for Life (as do all smartphones from Tracfone) but that only applies to regular airtime cards. We recently shared the Best Deal on Tracfone Airtime (using Auto-Refill) so take a look if you want the best deal on minutes. What we Like about the X Style. The processor, RAM and sleek appearance of the X Style are all selling points, and we want to share why:. Tracfone LG X Style Front, Side and Back. Is your smartphone slow or does it lag when you try to open apps? This is usually caused by a lack of power from the processor or RAM. The LG X Style brings 1.5 GB RAM, and a 1.3 Ghz quad core processor that are a nice combination for keeping this phone fast and smooth. By comparison to many mid to high-end phones, this isn't a lot (the Moto G4 , for example, has an octa-core processor and 2 GB RAM). But compared to older Tracfone devices, this is a good improvement. Only a small number of Tracfone smartphones have 1.5 GB RAM, most only come with 1 GB RAM (or less). The exterior of the X Style is likely the biggest selling point (hence, the name). Despite the plastic construction, the phone looks and feels like a much more expensive device. It is thinner than many smartphones, including the iPhone 6S, and the 5" HD touchscreen has Gorilla Glass 3 protection for extra durability. There are a lot of extra features on this phone that make it a viable upgrade for those in the market. It is a step in the right direction compared to some of the other recent LG phones, such as the Rebel and Treasure, which didn't 'wow' in any particular way. But let's look at a few negative aspects about the X Style before we conclude. There are two main drawbacks about the LG X Style that the average consumer would want to know, and that is the lack of internal memory, and the low-res rear camera. We've already mentioned the low internal storage on the X Style. It comes with 8 GB of total space, but the operating system and pre-installed apps take up around 5 GB, leaving you with only 3 GB for apps, pictures, music and anything else. For consumers who only use a small handful of apps anyway, this likely won't be a big deal, and the option of up to 32 GB external storage via a Micro SD Card is a nice possibility. On some Android 6.0 smartphones, the external storage can be treated like internal storage, allowing significant expansion of the on board memory. We have not tested this on the X Style yet, but this feature did not work on the Samsung Galaxy Sky, which uses Android 6.0. More details coming soon on this. The 5 MP rear camera on the LG X Style is fairly standard on a phone in this price range. We would have liked to see something more advanced, perhaps an improved 8 or even 12 MP camera would have grabbed more attention, although storage would have been an issue. In the end, the 5 MP rear camera is fairly good for what it is, and has a variety of features including full HD photos, HD video, panorama, voice control, and a handful of additional features for both the rear and front facing camera. That concludes our key pro's and con's for the X Style. It is a sleek, and well designed phone, but doesn't excel or surprise in any areas.. LG X Style Compared to Samsung Galaxy Sky. If you are considering a new Tracfone device, the X Style and Galaxy Sky are fairly similar smartphones released about the same time by Tracfone. They share a number of similarities, including screen size, Android 6.0, 1.5 GB RAM, and more. But they also have a few differences. The Galaxy Sky has 16 GB internal memory, while the X Style only has 8. The Galaxy Sky also has longer battery life. The X Style has a slightly faster processor, is thinner, and has a 5 MP front camera compared to only 2 MP in the Sky. These phones are very similar, but for many the deciding factor will probably be the internal memory, or the price (both phones have been available for $99 with airtime bundle).. The X Style surpasses other LG phones like the Rebel , Treasure , Sunset and Ultimate 2 with newer Android OS, faster processor and more RAM, and a few other improvements, but none of the advances are major breakthroughs. LG X Style Overview and Where to Buy. Overall the X Style is a phone that feels like a high-end device in some ways, and has some great features, but also lacks the storage space many will need. Find the LG X Style on:. HSN with airtime bundle for $99 (on sale). For covers or cases, we found a number of options on Amazon. Take a look the interactive tutorial for additional information. Leave a comment with your thoughts or questions. We created a Guide to Activating or Transferring a Tracfone Smartphone with step by step information to help anyone with questions about the process. And you may want to see Four Ways to Check your Tracfone Airtime on a Smartphone which is one of our most popular posts. Don't forget the Promo Codes! Here are the latest Tracfone Promo Codes. While they are not meant to work on smartphones, it is worth a try as sometimes they do work. February 17, 2017 at 2:08 PM. March 5, 2017 at 6:43 PM. March 7, 2017 at 12:06 PM. April 23, 2017 at 6:02 AM. April 25, 2017 at 11:29 AM. May 1, 2017 at 1:23 PM. June 5, 2017 at 6:56 AM. June 5, 2017 at 7:08 AM. July 15, 2017 at 3:24 AM. August 9, 2017 at 9:37 AM. August 11, 2017 at 3:33 PM. January 3, 2018 at 11:47 AM. January 4, 2018 at 5:00 AM. February 3, 2018 at 11:24 PM. The Phoenix 2 still has it over this one and you can get it for 50 bucks at Best Buy.. 50 bucks at Best Buy is more expensive than being paid $10+ to take it (with a year of service for $70 to 90 on HSN when the year of service alone usually costs $100). Besides, what point is there in suggesting a Phoenix 2 at Best Buy when it's not for Tracfone network? Do you know what website you are on? Also this phone definitely needs more memory, though not for videos, pictures, MP3, etc. it needs it more for apps with bloat like Google Maps offline, though you can set Google Maps to put the data on the mSD card. BTW, I've seen more than one source claim it supports up to 32GB mSD which is the memory limit when typically implies a device can do SDHC but not SDXC, but this is incorrect. Mine is working fine with a 64GB mSDXC card, so it probably works with mSDXC cards larger still. One thing I wish it had was the multi-color LED backlit button on the bottom center like LG Ultimate 2 has. TF now has more expensive phones with that button, but it's not worth THAT much more.. The HSN deal for $99.95 looked great, since I would have to pay that for a years's service anyway. Be aware that returning it will cost you shipping, regardless of fault. After some issues, I managed to transfer my existing number and minutes from the LG Rebel to the LG X style, but for over a week, cannot get my balance in any way shape of form. That includes Account Page on the Web site, Tracfone app on the phone, or the 611611 text massage "BALANCE". Endlesss calls, chats, emails, talk to supervisor, failed. Calls , data, text works, even though one supervisor gave me a whole double talk about connection issues with this phone etc. Anybody have any useful suggestions for a reliable BYOP for use with CDMA Verizon?. Whether this phone memory can be expanded to act like internal memory was not tested! Seems like a really important issue to me. In fact it would be a deal breaker. I got the Samsung galaxy J3 from HSN and day one it quit..i spent a couple hrs.getting it set up..etc..charging..within about first hr.screen went bonkers with wild colors..then was ok for about half hr.then it went black.i couldn't change screen,turn off..finally after half hr it let me on screen and I quickly reset phone to clear off all my info..its going back..they sent me a prepaid label to return..im just sick about it.so I'm going with the lg x style..many love it..getting from tracfone... I have the lg x style phone..l56vl..love it.the only thing I'm confused on is theres no page with all the apps..can't find how to put apps in alphabetical order.theres no app icon on bottom of phone as normal,with phone,contacts,browser icons.phone is fast..takes good photos, wifi good... Scroll down to "Storage & USB" Tap it and you will find "Apps" Tap it and it will show you the Apps on your phone.. I have the LG X Style™ Android Smartphone (L56VL). Can someone please explain in full how to delete photos from this phone? There is NO delete button. LG or Android does not make it easy to use their Apps. It should be a simple process. In case it matters, the shin on the pads of my fingers are always thick, flaky and hard. The phone does not respond to a LIGHT tap. Any help will be greatly appreciated as I accidentally take photos without meaning to, by turning on the camera.. My phone was recently water damaged, I got it fixed and it worked fine, the next day my screen turned black, the screen was unresponsive and five dots on the top right of the screen moved until all I saw was the date,the battery and the time. I can turn off the phone off but it's not the same power off option. I think I somehow got a virus on it, erasing everything seems to work via the google play website. but I want to know what the deal is. I just bought the LG X style L56VL (needed to upgrade from my old ZTE)on Tracfone's site, specifically because this review states "Triple Minutes for Life (on regular airtime cards)". Apparently, this is no longer true; just bought another card and did not get triple minutes. I bought LG Xstyle and am unable to format SD for internal storage. No option to do so is offered. Can't recommend unless someone has a solution.. I have this phone and I added a regular airtime card today (January 4, 2018) and I got triple minutes. Maybe people who bought this phone before tracfone stopped triple minutes get to keep having triple minutes? (I got this phone in January 2017). Loss the free WiFi everywhere...and the 4g icon is not highlighted....what's going on?. Moto G5 Plus with Tracfone BYOP - Specs and Info. LG X Style (L56VL) Tracfone Review. Best Auto-Refill Plan from Tracfone (and How it Wo.... Tracfone Promo Codes for February 2017. Enjoy this blog? It would make my day if you got me a coffee!. Find us on Facebook !. Blog search directory , BlogCatalog Blog Listings. Copyright © 2013 TracfoneReviewer All Rights Reserved. 
Hi! Get more out of Walmart.com. Stretch your tax refund FREE Grocery Pickup See All Departments. Reorder Items Pickup Today Track Order Your Account Your Local Store Store Finder. Shop Electronics Smart Home Wearable Tech Cameras & Camcorders Walmart for Business Video Games. Shop all TV & Video TVs DVD & Blu-ray Players Home Audio & Theater TV Accessories. Shop all Cell Phones Straight Talk Phones Unlocked Phones Contract Phones No-Contract Phones Prepaid Minutes & Data Cases & Accessories. Shop all iPad & Tablets iPad Windows Tablets Android Tablets Accessories. Shop all Computers Laptops Desktops PC Gaming Printers & Supplies Networking Software Monitors Accessories. Shop all Auto Electronics GPS & Navigation. Shop all Portable Audio iPod & MP3 Players Headphones Speakers & Docks. Shop all Office Supplies Office Electronics School Supplies. Star Wars Marvel: Avengers Musical Instruments Computer Software. Shop all Movies & TV 2-Day Shipping Action & Adventure Blu-ray Discs Boxed Sets Children & Family Instawatch Movie DVDs New Releases Preorders TV Shows. Shop all Music 2-Day Shipping Music Gift Cards Country Music Soundtracks Vinyl New Releases Pop R&B / Soul Rock Top 100 CDs. Shop all Books Deals in books Preorders New Releases Biographies & Memoirs Children's Books Christian Books & Bibles Cookbooks, Food & Wine Comics & Graphic Novels Crafts & Hobbies Humor Literature & Fiction Health and Wellness Teen & Young Adult. Shop all Shop By Room Living Room Bedroom Bathroom Dining Room Kitchen Kids' Room Teens' Room Patio Entryway Office. Shop all Shop By Category Appliances Bath Bedding Furniture Home Decor Kids’ Bedding Kids’ Furniture Kitchen & Dining Lighting Mattresses Patio & Garden Rugs Storage & Organization Vacuums & Floor Care Window Coverings. Shop all Brand Shops KitchenAid Better Homes and Gardens The Pioneer Woman Mainstays. Shop all Specialty Shops Home Gift Guide Back to College Shop by Style. Shop All Home Improvement Bathroom Renovations Kitchen Renovations Water Purification Generators Garage & Storage. Shop all Air Quality Dehumidifiers Humidifiers. Shop all Tools Power Tools Hand Tools. Shop all Heating & Cooling Heaters Fireplaces Stoves. Shop all Paint Interior & Exterior Paint Ladders. Shop all Patio & Garden Patio Furniture Patio & Outdoor Decor Sheds & Outdoor Storage Outdoor Shade Grills & Outdoor Cooking Outdoor Heating Swimming Pools Hot Tubs & Saunas. Shop all Garden Center Outdoor Power Equipment Landscaping Pots & Planters. Shop all Industrial & Scientific Janitorial & Sanitation Supplies Food Service Equipment. Shop All Clothing Intimates & Sleepwear All Shoes Boys' Girls' Swim Shop Spring Fashion Activewear Shop School Uniforms Precious Metals Bags & Accessories Luggage Sleepwear Shop Premium Beauty Fashion Brands Clearance & More. Shop all Women's Women's Plus Juniors' Maternity Women's Shoes. Shop all Jewelry Wedding & Engagement Watches Fine Jewelry Fashion Jewelry Personalized Jewelry. Shop all Men's Men's Big & Tall Young Men's Men's Shoes Men's Jewelry. Shop all Baby & Toddlers' Baby Girl Baby Boy Toddler Girl Toddler Boy Baby & Kids' Shoes. Shop All Baby Baby Deals Parent's Choice Britax Premium Brands Restock Shop Baby Registry Baby Box Strollers Car Seats Baby & Toddler Clothing. Shop all Diapering & Potty Diapers Wipes Diaper Bags. Shop all Feeding Breast Feeding Bottle Feeding Baby Formula Baby Food Toddler Feeding Bibs & Burp Cloths. Shop all Nursery & Décor Cribs Furniture Bedding Décor. Shop all Toddler Room Furniture Bedding. Shop all Play & Travel Gear Playstations & Walkers Playards Swings Carriers & Wraps Baby & Toddler Toys. Shop all Health & Safety Bath Baby Gates Baby Monitors Baby Care. Toys Savings Musical Instruments Boys' Toys Girls' Toys Xbox One X Retro Gaming. Shop all Toys Action Figures Dolls & Dollhouses Cars, Drones & RC LEGO & Building Sets Pretend Play Arts & Crafts Electronics for Kids Learning Toys Nerf & Blasters Stuffed Animals & Plush Games & Puzzles. Shop all Bikes & Ride-Ons Kids' Bikes Ride-On Toys Hoverboards. Shop all Outdoor Play Swing Sets Trampolines. Shop all Shop by Age Preschool 5-7 8-11 12+. Shop all Video Games Virtual Reality New Releases PlayStation 4 Xbox One Nintendo Switch Accessories Digital Gaming Nintendo 3DS / 2DS Nintendo Wii U / Wii PlayStation VR Preorders Used Games. Restock Shop Fresh Flowers Meal Kits & Specialty Food Boxes Grocery Pickup & Delivery. Shop all Shop All Food Coffee Beverages Snacks & Cookies Breakfast & Cereal Meals Condiments Pasta Candy & Gum Soups Canned Goods Emergency Food Baking Center International Food. Shop all Household Essentials Laundry Room Kitchen Bathroom Paper & Plastic Cleaning Supplies Air Fresheners Batteries Pest Control As Seen On TV Light Bulbs. Shop all Shop All Pets Cats Dogs Fish Small Animals Birds Equine Reptiles. Shop all Clearance & Rollbacks Food Household Essentials Pets. Shop all Beauty Makeup Skin Care Fragrances Beauty Tools Hair Care Premium Beauty. Shop all Brands We Love Flower Culturelle OralB Braun ReliOn. Shop all Personal Care Feminine Care Incontinence. Shop all Shave Electric Shavers Razors. Shop all Oral Care Electric Toothbrushes Water Flossers. Shop all Bath & Body Lotions Body Wash. Shop all Vision Center Prescription Eyewear Contact Lenses. Shop all Health Medicine Cabinet Cold, Cough and Flu Digestive Health Home Health Care Diabetes Management. Shop all Wellness Supplements Protein & Fitness Weight Management Aromatherapy. Shop all Pharmacy Refill Prescriptions Transfer Prescriptions. Shop All Sports Outdoor Sports Emergency Prep Ozark Trail Hunting Trampolines Game Room Basketball Sports Fanshop. Shop all Camping Tents Airbeds Canopies & Shelters. Shop all Fishing Rod & Reel Combos. Shop all Boats & Water Sports Canoes, Kayaks & Boats. Shop all Recreation Bikes Lawn Games Air Soft Air Guns Golf. Shop all Team Sports Baseball & Softball Football. Shop all Exercise & Fitness Boxing Mixed Martial Arts. Shop all Exercise Machines Treadmills Bikes Ellipticals Home Gyms. Shop all Strength and Weight Training Fitness Accessories Ab & Core Toners. Shop All Auto Tires Batteries & Accessories Diagnostic Tools Auto Paint & Accessories Auto Interior Auto Exterior Windshield Wipers Motorcycles & ATVs RV Parts & Accessories Auto Detailing & Car Care Auto Services. Shop all Oils & Fluids Motor Oil Antifreeze & Coolants Transmission, Brake, & Steering Fluids. Shop all Automotive Tools & Equipment Car Battery Chargers & Accessories. Shop all Auto Electronics Car DVD & Video Car Stereos Car Speakers & Subwoofers Power Inverters Dash Cams. Shop all Auto Body Repair Auto Repair Tools. Shop all Auto Replacement Parts Oil Filters Engine Air Filters Spark Plugs Brake Parts. Shop all Photo Center Available Same Day Blankets Calendars Canvas & Wall Art Cards & Invitations Home Decor & Gifts Jewelry & Clothing Mugs Office Phone Cases Photo Books Pillows Posters Prints. Shop all Personalized Shop Easter Rollbacks & Clearance Wedding Invitations Wedding Sweepstakes Graduation Home Decor Clothing & Accessories Bedding & Bath Kitchen & Dining Kids Character Shop. Shop all Personalized Jewelry Rings Necklaces Class Rings. Shop all Gift Cards Mail a Gift Card Email a Gift Card Specialty Gift Cards Check Card Balances Corporate Gift Card Program. Shop all Gift Registry Baby Registry Wedding Registry Lists. Craft Tips & Ideas Costumes & Dress Up Party Ideas & Recipes Christmas Decor Savings Birthday Shop Wedding Shop Valentine's Day Plush. Shop all Arts, Crafts & Sewing Art & Drawing Supplies Beading & Jewelry Crafting Die Cutting Machines Sewing Fabric Scrapbooking Supplies Artificial Plants & Flowers Knitting & Crochet Yarn Craft Furniture & Storage. Shop all Party & Occasions Baking & Pastry Supplies Balloons Cards & Invitations Disposable Tableware Giftwrap & Supplies Party Decorations Party Favors Pinatas. Shop all Party Themes Themed Party Sets Anniversary Baby Shower Halloween Christmas Decor. Stretch your tax refund FREE Grocery Pickup Electronics & Office Movies, Music & Books Home, Furniture & Appliances Home Improvement & Patio Clothing, Shoes & Jewelry Baby & Toddler Toys & Video Games Food, Household & Pets Pharmacy, Health & Beauty Sports, Fitness & Outdoors Auto & Tires Photo & Personalized Shop Sewing, Crafts & Party Supplies See All Departments. Baby Registry Wedding Registry Classroom Supplies. TV & Video TVs DVD & Blu-ray Players Home Audio & Theater TV Accessories. Cell Phones Straight Talk Phones Unlocked Phones Contract Phones No-Contract Phones Prepaid Minutes & Data Cases & Accessories. iPad & Tablets iPad Windows Tablets Android Tablets Accessories. Computers Laptops Desktops PC Gaming Printers & Supplies Networking Software Monitors Accessories. Portable Audio iPod & MP3 Players Headphones Speakers & Docks. Office Supplies Office Electronics School Supplies. Movies & TV 2-Day Shipping Action & Adventure Blu-ray Discs Boxed Sets Children & Family Instawatch Movie DVDs New Releases Preorders TV Shows. Music 2-Day Shipping Music Gift Cards Country Music Soundtracks Vinyl New Releases Pop R&B / Soul Rock Top 100 CDs. Books Deals in books Preorders New Releases Biographies & Memoirs Children's Books Christian Books & Bibles Cookbooks, Food & Wine Comics & Graphic Novels Crafts & Hobbies Humor Literature & Fiction Health and Wellness Teen & Young Adult. Shop By Room Living Room Bedroom Bathroom Dining Room Kitchen Kids' Room Teens' Room Patio Entryway Office. Shop By Category Appliances Bath Bedding Furniture Home Decor Kids’ Bedding Kids’ Furniture Kitchen & Dining Lighting Mattresses Patio & Garden Rugs Storage & Organization Vacuums & Floor Care Window Coverings. Brand Shops KitchenAid Better Homes and Gardens The Pioneer Woman Mainstays. Specialty Shops Home Gift Guide Back to College Shop by Style. Industrial & Scientific Janitorial & Sanitation Supplies Food Service Equipment. Heating & Cooling Heaters Fireplaces Stoves. Paint Interior & Exterior Paint Ladders. Patio & Garden Patio Furniture Patio & Outdoor Decor Sheds & Outdoor Storage Outdoor Shade Grills & Outdoor Cooking Outdoor Heating Swimming Pools Hot Tubs & Saunas. Garden Center Outdoor Power Equipment Landscaping Pots & Planters. Women's Women's Plus Juniors' Maternity Women's Shoes. Jewelry Wedding & Engagement Watches Fine Jewelry Fashion Jewelry Personalized Jewelry. Men's Men's Big & Tall Young Men's Men's Shoes Men's Jewelry. Baby & Toddlers' Baby Girl Baby Boy Toddler Girl Toddler Boy Baby & Kids' Shoes. Diapering & Potty Diapers Wipes Diaper Bags. Feeding Breast Feeding Bottle Feeding Baby Formula Baby Food Toddler Feeding Bibs & Burp Cloths. Nursery & Décor Cribs Furniture Bedding Décor. Play & Travel Gear Playstations & Walkers Playards Swings Carriers & Wraps Baby & Toddler Toys. Health & Safety Bath Baby Gates Baby Monitors Baby Care. Toys Action Figures Dolls & Dollhouses Cars, Drones & RC LEGO & Building Sets Pretend Play Arts & Crafts Electronics for Kids Learning Toys Nerf & Blasters Stuffed Animals & Plush Games & Puzzles. Bikes & Ride-Ons Kids' Bikes Ride-On Toys Hoverboards. Shop by Age Preschool 5-7 8-11 12+. Video Games Virtual Reality New Releases PlayStation 4 Xbox One Nintendo Switch Accessories Digital Gaming Nintendo 3DS / 2DS Nintendo Wii U / Wii PlayStation VR Preorders Used Games. Shop All Food Coffee Beverages Snacks & Cookies Breakfast & Cereal Meals Condiments Pasta Candy & Gum Soups Canned Goods Emergency Food Baking Center International Food. Household Essentials Laundry Room Kitchen Bathroom Paper & Plastic Cleaning Supplies Air Fresheners Batteries Pest Control As Seen On TV Light Bulbs. Meal Kits & Specialty Food Boxes. Shop All Pets Cats Dogs Fish Small Animals Birds Equine Reptiles. Clearance & Rollbacks Food Household Essentials Pets. Beauty Makeup Skin Care Fragrances Beauty Tools Hair Care Premium Beauty. Brands We Love Flower Culturelle OralB Braun ReliOn. Oral Care Electric Toothbrushes Water Flossers. Bath & Body Lotions Body Wash. Vision Center Prescription Eyewear Contact Lenses. Health Medicine Cabinet Cold, Cough and Flu Digestive Health Home Health Care Diabetes Management. Wellness Supplements Protein & Fitness Weight Management Aromatherapy. Camping Tents Airbeds Canopies & Shelters. Fishing Rod & Reel Combos. Boats & Water Sports Canoes, Kayaks & Boats. Recreation Bikes Lawn Games Air Soft Air Guns Golf. Team Sports Baseball & Softball Football. Exercise & Fitness Boxing Mixed Martial Arts. Exercise Machines Treadmills Bikes Ellipticals Home Gyms. Strength and Weight Training Fitness Accessories Ab & Core Toners. Oils & Fluids Motor Oil Antifreeze & Coolants Transmission, Brake, & Steering Fluids. Automotive Tools & Equipment Car Battery Chargers & Accessories. Auto Electronics Car DVD & Video Car Stereos Car Speakers & Subwoofers Power Inverters Dash Cams. Auto Body Repair Auto Repair Tools. Auto Replacement Parts Oil Filters Engine Air Filters Spark Plugs Brake Parts. Photo Center Available Same Day Blankets Calendars Canvas & Wall Art Cards & Invitations Home Decor & Gifts Jewelry & Clothing Mugs Office Phone Cases Photo Books Pillows Posters Prints. Personalized Shop Easter Rollbacks & Clearance Wedding Invitations Wedding Sweepstakes Graduation Home Decor Clothing & Accessories Bedding & Bath Kitchen & Dining Kids Character Shop. Personalized Jewelry Rings Necklaces Class Rings. Gift Cards Mail a Gift Card Email a Gift Card Specialty Gift Cards Check Card Balances Corporate Gift Card Program. Gift Registry Baby Registry Wedding Registry Lists. Arts, Crafts & Sewing Art & Drawing Supplies Beading & Jewelry Crafting Die Cutting Machines Sewing Fabric Scrapbooking Supplies Artificial Plants & Flowers Knitting & Crochet Yarn Craft Furniture & Storage. Party & Occasions Baking & Pastry Supplies Balloons Cards & Invitations Disposable Tableware Giftwrap & Supplies Party Decorations Party Favors Pinatas. Party Themes Themed Party Sets Anniversary Baby Shower Halloween Christmas Decor. All Departments Auto & Tires Baby Beauty Books Cell Phones Clothing Electronics Food. Gifts & Registry Health Home Home Improvement Household Essentials Jewelry Movies Music Office. Party & Occasions Patio & Garden Pets Pharmacy Photo Center Sports & Outdoors Toys Video Games. FREE Grocery Pickup FREE 2-Day Shipping Shop smart with our app Get your flu shot today Stretch your tax refund. FREE Grocery Pickup FREE 2-Day Shipping Shop smart with our app Get your flu shot today Stretch your tax refund. Pickup Today Grocery Pickup Weekly Ads Credit Card Track Order Help. Cell Phones Straight Talk Wireless Straight Talk Phone Plans. Straight Talk LG X Style 4GLTE Prepaid Smartphone. Average rating: 4.3009 out of 5 stars, based on 113 reviews 113 reviews ratings. This button opens a dialog that displays additional images for this product with the option to zoom in or out.. 4G LTE Android 6.0 (Marshmallow) OS 5.0" HD screen. Tell us if something is incorrect. This item is no longer available. We're unable to show you buying options for this item.. Tell us if something is incorrect. 4G LTE Android 6.0 (Marshmallow) OS 5.0" HD screen. Get specific details about this product from customers who own it.. Average rating: 4.3 out of 5 stars, based on reviews. relevancy helpful submission-desc submission-asc rating-desc rating-asc. Average rating: 4 out of 5 stars, based on reviews. I was a tad bit skeptical when I saw this phone on sale. It was only on for about a week then it disappeared, I'm thinking maybe they had a misprint, but had to sell for that price because of it. The specs are decent, the phone has only 5mp cameras, but they work very clearly, better than some 8mp cameras. The speed is Okay, and it uses a microSIM. I'm very impressed they have it running at 1.3ghz on Marshmallow and everything seems pretty smooth. Of course this would make great Christmas Gifts for anyone on straight talk, had it not been discontinued.. Yes (14) No (0) Report. For the price, it can't be beat. Average rating: 5 out of 5 stars, based on reviews. It really is a great looking phone. It runs fast and it downloads apps with ease. But it all depends on your preference. If you don't mind a cheap phone and don't have to have the best, this is well worth it. Would i say its for kids? no its fragile but.....its nice to watch netflix on!. Yes (28) No (2) Report. 1 2 3 4 5 23. 1-5 of 113 reviews. See any care plans, options and policies that may be associated with this product.. Electrode, Comp-283036205, DC-prod-dfw8, ENV-prod-a, PROF-PROD, VER-21.17.3-rc-1, SHA-c37438843926f3cccffc1b3ed5e62a5a7012bec8, CID-. Help Feedback MoneyCenter Privacy & Security CA Privacy Rights Terms of Use. See All Services Walmart MoneyCenter Walmart Credit Card Product Care Plans Walmart Pay. About Walmart.com Corporate Suppliers Sell on Walmart.com Careers @WalmartLabs The Walmart Digital Museum. Terms of Use About Our Ads Affiliate Program CA Privacy Rights Privacy & Security. Returns Policy Product Recalls Int’l Customers Tax Exempt Program Contact Us Feedback Store Pickup. Electronics Toys Video Games Home Products Clothing Sports & Outdoors Baby Products. 
Menu Login Sign Up. Find the Best Cell Phone and Plan for You. Wirefly helps you save on cell phones and plans by offering innovative comparison tools so consumers can make educated choices. Compare Phones and Plans Compare Cell Phones. How Much Data Do I Need. Wirefly helps you save on Internet service by offering innovative comparison tools to compare Internet providers in your area.. Compare Internet by ZIP Code Compare Internet & TV Bundles Compare Business Internet. Test your current internet connection with our speed test and see what services your provider can handle. Find out your download speed, upload speed, latency, and more.. Test Your Internet Speed Internet Speed Test. Compare Cell Phones > LG. Purchase with a plan or or. black yellow gold. Motorola RAZR V3 Dolce & Gabbana. DROID RAZR MAXX HD by Motorola. It is equipped with a 1.3GHz Quad-Core Cortex-A7 processor, 1.5 GB of RAM, and the Adreno 304 GPU. There is an onboard storage of 16GB plus a microSD card slot for up to 256GB memory expansion. For photos, the device has an. 8MP rear-facing camera with 1080p video recording and a 5MP camera in front. The device has a 2,100 mAh Li-Ion non-removable battery included on the back. Color options include Black, White and Titan.. Looks like there are no reviews yet, be the first to write one now.. Sort by Oldest Latest Negative Positive. Plans Unlocked Specs Media Reviews Deals. - Any - 0 5KB 50MB 30MB 100MB 125MB 150MB 200MB 250MB 300MB 334MB 350MB 375MB 400MB 500MB 600MB 625MB 700MB 800MB 834MB 900MB 938MB 1GB 1.2GB 1.5GB 1.6GB 2GB 2.03GB 2.5GB 3GB 3.7GB 4GB 5GB 6GB 6.1GB 7GB 7.3GB 8GB 8.5GB 9GB 10GB 11GB 12GB 13GB 14GB 15GB 16GB 18GB 20GB 22GB 23GB 24GB 25GB 30GB 32GB 35GB 40GB 50GB 60GB 80GB 85GB 100GB 120GB 150GB 200GB Unlimited. - Any - AT&T Atlantis Telecom Boost Mobile Cricket SpeedTalk Mobile BOOM Mobile CREDO Mobile GIV Mobile MetroPCS Net10 Pix Wireless Project Fi Pure TalkUSA Red Pocket Mobile ROK Mobile Republic Wireless Sprint Straight Talk Ting T-Mobile TextNow Tello Teltik TPO Mobile Twigby US Mobile Verizon Wireless Virgin Mobile. - Any - Monthly/No Contract Prepaid. Sort by: Price Carrier Minutes Data. Expert Review User reviews. Get $100 off iPhone X with code VZWDEAL. Limited Time Offer on Poly and Bark Louis Ghost Style Arm Chair (Set of 4), Clear.. Limited Time Offer on Poly and Bark Eames Eiffel DKR Style Wire Chair, Black, Set of 2.. Limited Time Offer on Poly and Bark Victoria Ghost Style Side Chair (Set of 2), Black.. Limited Time Offer on Teal Plastic Tablecloth, 108" x 54".. Limited Time Offer on U Brands Contempo Magnetic Monthly Calendar Dry Erase Board, 11 x 14 Inches, White Frame.. Limited Time Offer on TOPS Money Receipt Book, 2-Part, Carbonless, 2-3/4 x 7-1/8 Inches, 4 Receipts per Page, 400 Sets per Book (46816).. Limited Time Offer on Moda At Home Inc 454033 LUX Microfiber Bath Rug with Non-Skid Backing, Ideal for Double Sink Area, 20-Inch X 64-Inch, Grey.. Limited Time Offer on Adorable Hello Kitty Rainbow Birthday Party Invitations Cards Supply (8 Pack), Pink, 6 1/4" x 4 1/4".. Google Lens lands on other non.... Google: Over 40 phone and carr.... Galaxy S9 could hit stores on.... LG to announce new models of K.... Report: Verizon is tops in App.... Apple rolls out fix for messag.... iPhone Stuck on Black Screen and Ho.... Why is iMessage Not Working and How.... How to transfer phone contacts from.... iPhone Won't Charge and How To.... iPhone Apps Won't Update and H.... All You Need to Know About Sprint L.... Guide to Verizon Wireless Device Pa.... Find the Best Cell Phone and Plan for You. Wirefly helps you save on cell phones and plans by offering innovative comparison tools so consumers can make educated choices. Find The Best TV and Internet Providers For You. Paying too much for Internet or TV service? Use our tool to compare Internet providers, TV providers, and bundled services.. LG 442BG Huawei Ascend 5W Samsung Galaxy A7 (2017) Samsung Galaxy A5 (2017) Samsung Galaxy A3 (2017) Honor 6X HTC U Play HTC U Ultra Alcatel Pixi Unite Samsung Galaxy J3 Emerge. Wirefly Is America's Most Trusted Source For All Cell Phones, Plans, TV, and Internet Deals. Wirefly offers great deals on a large selection of smartphones, cell phones, tablets, mobile hotspots, and other wireless devices for the nation's most popular carriers. Use Wirefly’s innovative cell phone and plan comparison tools to ensure you are getting the best deal on the market. Shop with confidence knowing that Wirefly wants to help you find the best prices on cell phones, cell phone plans, TV, and Internet service.. Privacy Policy | Term of Use | Contact | About Us. WireFly.com © 2018 All Rights Reserved. 
Our new search experience requires JavaScript to be enabled. Please enable JavaScript on your browser , then try again .. All Categories Antiques Art Baby Books Business & Industrial Cameras & Photo Cell Phones & Accessories Clothing, Shoes & Accessories Coins & Paper Money Collectibles Computers/Tablets & Networking Consumer Electronics Crafts Dolls & Bears DVDs & Movies eBay Motors Entertainment Memorabilia Gift Cards & Coupons Health & Beauty Home & Garden Jewelry & Watches Music Musical Instruments & Gear Pet Supplies Pottery & Glass Real Estate Specialty Services Sporting Goods Sports Mem, Cards & Fan Shop Stamps Tickets & Experiences Toys & Hobbies Travel Video Games & Consoles Everything Else. Hi ( Sign in to bid or buy) Daily Deals Gift Cards Help & Contact Sell. Summary Recently Viewed Bids/Offers Watch List Purchase History Selling Saved Searches Saved Sellers Messages. Refine your search for LG X style. All Listings - Current page. Quickly compare offers in our new grouped view. results for LG X style. Save LG X style to get e-mail alerts and updates on your eBay Feed.. Unfollow LG X style to stop getting updates on your eBay Feed.. You'll receive email and Feed alerts when new items arrive. Afghanistan - AFG Albania - ALB Algeria - DZA American Samoa - ASM Andorra - AND Angola - AGO Anguilla - AIA Antigua and Barbuda - ATG Argentina - ARG Armenia - ARM Aruba - ABW Australia - AUS Austria - AUT Azerbaijan Republic - AZE Bahamas - BHS Bahrain - BHR Bangladesh - BGD Barbados - BRB Belarus - BLR Belgium - BEL Belize - BLZ Benin - BEN Bermuda - BMU Bhutan - BTN Bolivia - BOL Bosnia and Herzegovina - BIH Botswana - BWA Brazil - BRA British Virgin Islands - VGB Brunei Darussalam - BRN Bulgaria - BGR Burkina Faso - BFA Burma - MMR Burundi - BDI Cambodia - KHM Cameroon - CMR Canada - CAN Cape Verde Islands - CPV Cayman Islands - CYM Central African Republic - CAF Chad - TCD Chile - CHL China - CHN Colombia - COL Comoros - COM Congo, Democratic Republic of the - COD Congo, Republic of the - COG Cook Islands - COK Costa Rica - CRI Cote d Ivoire (Ivory Coast) - CIV Croatia, Republic of - HRV Cyprus - CYP Czech Republic - CZE Denmark - DNK Djibouti - DJI Dominica - DMA Dominican Republic - DOM Ecuador - ECU Egypt - EGY El Salvador - SLV Equatorial Guinea - GNQ Eritrea - ERI Estonia - EST Ethiopia - ETH Falkland Islands (Islas Malvinas) - FLK Fiji - FJI Finland - FIN France - FRA French Guiana - GUF French Polynesia - PYF Gabon Republic - GAB Gambia - GMB Georgia - GEO Germany - DEU Ghana - GHA Gibraltar - GIB Greece - GRC Greenland - GRL Grenada - GRD Guadeloupe - GLP Guam - GUM Guatemala - GTM Guernsey - GGY Guinea - GIN Guinea-Bissau - GNB Guyana - GUY Haiti - HTI Honduras - HND Hong Kong - HKG Hungary - HUN Iceland - ISL India - IND Indonesia - IDN Ireland - IRL Israel - ISR Italy - ITA Jamaica - JAM Japan - JPN Jersey - JEY Jordan - JOR Kazakhstan - KAZ Kenya - KEN Kiribati - KIR Korea, South - KOR Kuwait - KWT Kyrgyzstan - KGZ Laos - LAO Latvia - LVA Lebanon - LBN Liechtenstein - LIE Lithuania - LTU Luxembourg - LUX Macau - MAC Macedonia - MKD Madagascar - MDG Malawi - MWI Malaysia - MYS Maldives - MDV Mali - MLI Malta - MLT Marshall Islands - MHL Martinique - MTQ Mauritania - MRT Mauritius - MUS Mayotte - MYT Mexico - MEX Micronesia - FSM Moldova - MDA Monaco - MCO Mongolia - MNG Montenegro - MNE Montserrat - MSR Morocco - MAR Mozambique - MOZ Namibia - NAM Nauru - NRU Nepal - NPL Netherlands - NLD Netherlands Antilles - ANT New Caledonia - NCL New Zealand - NZL Nicaragua - NIC Niger - NER Nigeria - NGA Niue - NIU Norway - NOR Oman - OMN Pakistan - PAK Palau - PLW Panama - PAN Papua New Guinea - PNG Paraguay - PRY Peru - PER Philippines - PHL Poland - POL Portugal - PRT Puerto Rico - PRI Qatar - QAT Reunion - REU Romania - ROU Russian Federation - RUS Rwanda - RWA Saint Helena - SHN Saint Kitts-Nevis - KNA Saint Lucia - LCA Saint Pierre and Miquelon - SPM Saint Vincent and the Grenadines - VCT San Marino - SMR Saudi Arabia - SAU Senegal - SEN Serbia - SRB Seychelles - SYC Sierra Leone - SLE Singapore - SGP Slovakia - SVK Slovenia - SVN Solomon Islands - SLB Somalia - SOM South Africa - ZAF Spain - ESP Sri Lanka - LKA Suriname - SUR Swaziland - SWZ Sweden - SWE Switzerland - CHE Taiwan - TWN Tajikistan - TJK Tanzania - TZA Thailand - THA Togo - TGO Tonga - TON Trinidad and Tobago - TTO Tunisia - TUN Turkey - TUR Turkmenistan - TKM Turks and Caicos Islands - TCA Tuvalu - TUV Uganda - UGA Ukraine - UKR United Arab Emirates - ARE United Kingdom - UK United States - USA Uruguay - URU Uzbekistan - UZB Vanuatu - VUT Vatican City State - VAT Venezuela - VEN Vietnam - VNM Virgin Islands (U.S) - VIR Wallis and Futuna - WLF Western Sahara - ESH Western Samoa - WSM Yemen - YEM Zambia - ZMB Zimbabwe - ZWE. For LG Tribute HD / X Style Case Hybrid Diamond Bling Defender Protective Cover. For LG Cell Phone Motion Liquid Quicksand Glitter Flexible Rubber Case TPU Cover. For LG X Style Tribute HD L53B L56VL Leather Flip Wallet Protective Case Cover. For LG X Style Tribute HD TUFF HYBRID Case Phone Cover Rose Gold Phoenix Flower. 5 new & refurbished from $8.79. US Luxury Metal Aluminum Frame Bumper Case + PC Mirror Back Cover For LG Phone. New For LG Stylo 3/V20/K10/K8/K 4/K3 2017 Cute PU Leather Wallet Bag Case Cover. Heavy Duty Shockproof Outdoor Sport Tough Armor Case Cover For LG G2 G3 G4 G5 G6. 9H 3Pcs Clear Premium Tempered Glass Film Sticker Screen Protector Guard For LG. For LG X Style Tribute HD L53B L56VL Leather Flip Wallet Protective Case Cover. Bling Glitter Crystal Clear Soft TPU Rubber Case For Samsung Huawei XiaoMi LG. LG Tribute HD / X Style LS676 3D Cartoon Cherry Ice Cream Soft Silicone Case. For LG Tribute HD/LS676/X Style Hybrid Shockproof Slim Armor Defender Case Cover. 3D Cartoon Soft Silicone Gel Rubber Case Cover For LG X Power/Style/Ca m K7/10/8. For LG [Tribute HD] [X Style] Glitter Star Flowing Water Liquid Soft Clear Case. Slim Soft Silicone Shockproof TPU Case Cover+Screen Protector Film For LG Phones. Tempered Glass Screen Protector Protective Film For LG G3 Stylus 2 Plus X Screen. For LG Q6 G6 Hybrid Hard Protective Kickstand Slim Shockproof Phone Case Cover. LG Tribute HD / Volt 3 / X Style - HYBRID HARD&SOFT ARMOR CASE COVER BLUE WHITE. For LG Tribute HD/X STYLE Black Tuff Hard Silicone Hybrid Rubberized Case Cover. 7 new & refurbished from $7.79. Tempered Glass Screen Protector Protective Film For LG G2 G3 G4 X Style Power X5. Fashion Ultra-thin Patterned TPU Silicone Gel Rubber Back Case Cover Bumper ZD2. NEW For LG X POWER 2 TPU&PC 2 in 1 Back Shell Bracket Full Cover Stand Case. TPU Rubber Candy Skin Gel Case Back Cover For LG Tribute HD/X STYLE Black. For LG Tribute HD / LG X Style / LS676 Hybrid Armor Hard Rubber Phone Case Cover. 10pcs Kickstand Hybrid 3in1 Rugged Hard Cover Armor Case For iPhone Samsung LG. For LG cute Wallet card holder Magnetic flip Leather case cover + mini stylus. LG Tribute HD / Volt 3 / X Style - HARD TPU RUBBER HYBRID CASE PURPLE BUTTERFLY. LG Tribute HD / Volt 3 / X Style - HARD RUBBER HYBRID CASE PURPLE DREAMCATCHER. For LG Tribute HD | X Style | Volt 3 LS676 Clip Holster Stand Case Cars. For LG Tribute HD | X Style | Volt 3 LS676 Holster Clip Stand Case Flying Duck. For LG Tribute HD | X Style | Volt 3 LS676 Holster Clip Stand Case Wolf Drawing. For LG Tribute HD | X Style | Volt 3 LS676 Holster Clip Stand Case Stars. For LG Tribute HD | X Style | Volt 3 LS676 Holster Clip Stand Case Rose Skeleton. For LG Tribute HD | X Style | Volt 3 LS676 Holster Clip Stand Case Sports. For LG Tribute HD | X Style | Volt 3 LS676 Holster Clip Stand Case Chic Flowers. For LG X Style Dual Layer Heavy Duty Holster Belt Clip Case with Kickstand. For LG Tribute HD | X Style | Volt 3 LS676 Dual Layer Case Stand Unique Designs. For LG Tribute HD | X Style | Volt 3 LS676 Clip Holster Stand Case Tree Camo. For LG Tribute HD | X Style | Volt 3 LS676 Clip Holster Stand Case Puppy. For LG Tribute HD | X Style | Volt 3 LS676 Clip Holster Stand Case Tulips. For LG Tribute HD | X Style | Volt 3 LS676 Clip Holster Stand Case Stars. For LG Tribute HD | X Style | Volt 3 LS676 Protective Case + Built-in Kickstand. For LG Tribute HD | X Style | Volt 3 LS676 Holster Clip Stand Case Floral Dream. For LG Tribute HD | X Style | Volt 3 LS676 Holster Clip Stand Case Blue Skull. For LG Tribute HD | X Style | Volt 3 LS676 Holster Clip Stand Case Cars. For LG Tribute HD | X Style | Volt 3 LS676 Holster Clip Stand Case Deer Hunting. For LG Tribute HD | X Style | Volt 3 LS676 Holster Clip Stand Case Baseball. For LG Tribute HD | X Style | Volt 3 LS676 Holster Clip Stand Case Swamp Camo. For LG Tribute HD | X Style | Volt 3 LS676 Holster Clip Stand Case Blue Earth. For LG Tribute HD | X Style | Volt 3 LS676 Holster Clip Stand Case Demon Cyborg. For LG Aristo 2 / Stylo 3 / K20 Plus / V30 / V20 / G6. eBay determines this price through a machine learned model of the product's sale prices within the last 90 days.. eBay determines trending price through a machine learned model of the product’s sale prices within the last 90 days. "New" refers to a brand-new, unused, unopened, undamaged item, and "Used" refers to an item that has been used previously.. Top Rated Plus Sellers with highest buyer ratings Returns, money back Ships in a business day with tracking Learn More. Top Rated Plus Sellers with highest buyer ratings Returns, money back Ships in a business day with tracking Learn More. Cell Phones, Smart Watches & Accessories. Cell Phone Cases, Covers & Skins. Sports Memorabilia, Fan Shop & Sports Cards. $ Enter minimum price to $ Enter maximum price. Please enter a minimum and/or maximum price before continuing.. Site Map Copyright © 1995-2018 eBay Inc. Accessibility , User Agreement , Privacy , Cookies and AdChoice Norton Secured - powered by Verisign. Amounts shown in italicized text are for items listed in currency other than U.S. dollars and are approximate conversions to U.S. dollars based upon Bloomberg's conversion rates. For more recent exchange rates, please use the Universal Currency Converter. Number of bids and bid amounts may be slightly out of date. See each listing for international shipping options and costs.. 
The maximum number of products that can be compared is 3. Please select at least 2 items to compare.. Your session is about to timeout due to inactivity. Click OK to extend your time for an additional 0 minutes.. Please select a language and currency. Your new phone is just a few steps away. Own your phone after completing the payment period. Drops, liquid, spills, and cracked screens. Damage due to dust, heat, and humidity. Not all applications are approved for $2000 of equipment, or 90 day BuyOut option. Lease terms vary and customers receive 6,8,10,12,18 and 24 month offers. With Early Payoff, you save on total fees paid.. Currently, we don't carry the product you are looking for. For the current preview session, this page lists the search rules that have been triggered by your search.. Free 1-day shipping on all purchases. Orders typically processed & shipped within 1-3 business days.. Full Retail Price $29 dollars and 99 cents. Full Retail Price $29 dollars and 99 cents. Full Retail Price $69 dollars and 99 cents. $22 dollars and 39 cents per month. Full Retail Price $429 dollars and 99 cents. Full Retail Price $39 dollars and 99 cents. Full Retail Price $0 dollars and 00 cents. Full Retail Price $119 dollars and 99 cents. Full Retail Price $9 dollars and 99 cents. Full Retail Price $99 dollars and 99 cents. Full Retail Price $29 dollars and 99 cents. Full Retail Price $69 dollars and 99 cents. Full Retail Price $59 dollars and 99 cents. Double and Triple Minutes for Life of Phone: Some TRACFONE phones and Airtime Cards include a Double or Triple Minutes for Life feature. The double or triple minutes feature applies to the life of a single TRACFONE phone. The double or triple minutes feature is not transferable to another TRACFONE even if Your phone is damaged, lost or stolen. Any minutes included in a Double or Triple Minute phone, will not double or triple. Promotional, bonus and other non-purchased airtime minutes will not double or triple. You may not add a Double or Triple Minute card to a TRACFONE that already has a Double or Triple minute feature or card. Doing so will not result in any additional doubling or tripling of purchased airtime.New phones no longer triple.. Prices, selection, and availability for devices and services are selected by dealers and may vary.. All offers are subject to change or discontinuance by TRACFONE Wireless, Inc. at any time without further notice. reserves the right to limit quantities and to reject or cancel orders in its sole discretion. Product not for resale or distribution. Airtime valid only with handset purchased.. ** Basic International calling to over 100 destinations. Signature is required for FedEx 3 day Ground & Overnight delivery method.. *In the event of a refund request both phones must be returned for full refund. If you are not satisfied with your phone and/or accessory purchase, simply return it to us within 30 days (BOGO offer must return BOTH devices) and we will replace it or give you your money back. TracFone Wireless Service Cards, and/or unused minutes are non-refundable. It takes up to 30 business days to process the return and credit your account. Credit for returned phones and/or accessories will appear on your credit card statement between 1-2 billing cycles.. Refunds will not be provided for any purchases of airtime, prepaid plans or annual service cards which include a phone. †TRACFONE will repair or replace your phone and/or accessory that contains a manufacturer's defect that hinders or prevents its proper operation for up to one year (90 days on all accessories) from date of purchase (proof of purchase required).. New Apple iPhones are covered by a one-year Limited Warranty offered and administered by Apple. Please see apple.com for more information.. Android, Google Play and other marks are trademarks of Google Inc. The Android robot is reproduced or modified from work created and shared by Google and used according to terms described in the Creative Commons 3.0 Attribution License.. When you purchase, activate, or use a TracFone phone or TracFone Wireless services, you agree to comply with the latest Terms and Conditions of Service, which are subject to change without notice. TracFone® is a registered trademark of TracFone Wireless, Inc. 9700 NW 112th Avenue, Miami, FL 33178. ∆Standard text message/data fees may apply based on your mobile phone service. By texting keywords to 611611 you are consenting to receive response messages.. TracFone is a registered trademark of TracFone Wireless, Inc., a subsidiary of America MÃ³vil.. All other trademarks, service marks, and trade names referenced in this site are the property of their respective owners.. 
Home Shop MWC News Reviews Features Opinions Videos The Gadgets 360 Show Cell Guru Prime Tech Smartphone Reviews Tech and Gadget Reviews How-To Videos Video Game Reviews and Features Top Lists by Gadgets 360 Unboxing and Hands-On Videos Podcasts Compare Mobiles Phone Finder DEALS. Mobiles Tablets Apps Gaming Cameras PC/Laptops AUDIO/VIDEO How To Telecom Science INDIA INTERNET SOCIAL MEDIA WEARABLES हिंदी. Acer Adcom Alcatel Apple Archos Asus BlackBerry Blu Celkon Coolpad Datawind Fly Gionee HTC Huawei iBall iBerry Idea InFocus Intex iVoomi Jivi Karbonn Lava LeEco Lenovo LG Lyf Maxx Mobile Meizu Micromax Microsoft Motorola MTS Nokia Obi Oppo Panasonic Philips Ringing Bells Samsung Sony Spice Swipe Videocon Vivo Wickedleak Xiaomi Xolo Yu Zen Ziox Zopo ZTE. Home Mobiles Phone Finder LG X Style. SPECIFICATIONS USER REVIEWS NEWS. Share on Facebook Tweet Share Share Email Reddit. LG X Style smartphone was launched in June 2016. The phone comes with a 5.00-inch touchscreen display with a resolution of 720 pixels by 1280 pixels at a PPI of 294 pixels per inch. The LG X Style is powered by quad-core Qualcomm Snapdragon 410 processor and it comes with 1.5GB of RAM. The phone packs 16GB of internal storage that can be expanded. As far as the cameras are concerned, the LG X Style packs a 8-megapixel primary camera on the rear and a 5-megapixel front shooter for selfies. The LG X Style runs Android 6.0 and is powered by a 2100mAh removable battery. The LG X Style is a single SIM (GSM) smartphone that accepts a Micro-SIM. Connectivity options include Wi-Fi, GPS, Bluetooth, 3G and 4G. Sensors on the phone include Proximity sensor, Accelerometer, Ambient light sensor and Gyroscope.. LG X View, X Power, and X Style Smartphones Announced. More LG mobiles LG mobiles price in India. Release date June 2016 Form factor Touchscreen Battery capacity (mAh) 2100 Removable battery Yes. Screen size (inches) 5.00 Touchscreen Yes Resolution 720x1280 pixels Pixels per inch (PPI) 294. Processor quad-core Processor make Qualcomm Snapdragon 410 RAM 1.5GB Internal storage 16GB Expandable storage Yes Expandable storage type microSD. Rear camera 8-megapixel Rear Flash LED Front camera 5-megapixel. Wi-Fi Yes GPS Yes Bluetooth Yes NFC No Infrared No USB OTG No Headphones 3.5mm FM No Number of SIMs 1 SIM 1 SIM Type Micro-SIM GSM/CDMA GSM 3G Yes 4G/ LTE Yes Supports 4G in India (Band 40) No. Compass/ Magnetometer No Proximity sensor Yes Accelerometer Yes Ambient light sensor Yes Gyroscope Yes Barometer No Temperature sensor No. Error or missing information? Please let us know. User ratings and reviews for LG X Style. 0 Out of 5. 5 Star 4 Star 3 Star 2 Star 1 Star. LG X View, X Power, and X Style Smartphones Announced. LG V30S+ ThinQ LG V30S ThinQ LG K8 (2018) LG K10a (2018) LG K10+ (2018) LG K10 (2018) LG X4+ LG Signature Edition LG K7i LG V30+ LG V30 LG Q8 LG Q6a LG Q6 LG Q6+ LG G6+ LG X500 LG X venture LG Stylo 3 Plus LG X power2 LG X400 LG G6 LG X300 LG Stylus 3 LG K3 (2017) LG K4 (2017) LG K8 (2017) LG K10 (2017) LG U LG V34. Huawei Y5 Ii 4g vs. Samsung Galaxy J1 2016 LG X Style vs. Samsung Galaxy J2 LG X Style vs. Motorola Moto G4 Plus LG X Style vs. Motorola Moto G4 Play LG X Style vs. Lenovo Vibe K5 Plus LG X Style vs. LG X Power LG X Style vs. LG X Cam LG X Style vs. Samsung Galaxy J5 2016 Sony Xperia L1 vs. Sony Xperia Xa1 Ultra vs. LG X Style LG X Style vs. Motorola Moto G4 Plus vs. Nokia 7 Plus Is an Android One Phone With Dual Rear Cameras, Zeiss Optics Samsung Galaxy S9, Galaxy S9+ Pre-Orders Now Open in India Samsung Galaxy S9, Galaxy S9+ With Improved Cameras, AR Emoji Launched Nokia 8110 4G Is a 'Slider' Feature Phone With Google, Facebook Apps OnePlus 5, OnePlus 5T HD Content Streaming Issue Fixed, With a Catch Vodafone to Offer 4.5GB Data Per Day for 28 Days at Rs. 799: Report Samsung Galaxy S9 a Worthy Upgrade? A Look at What's New Nokia 8 Sirocco With Dual Cameras, Stainless Steel Frame Launched at MWC Nokia 6 (2018) Android One Phone With Snapdragon 630 Launched at MWC 2018 Nokia 7 Plus vs Nokia 7. Samsung phones price list Lyf phones price list Micromax phones price list Sony phones price list Htc phones price list Lenovo phones price list Intex phones price list Lava phones price list Apple phones price list Nokia phones price list Xolo phones price list Lg phones price list Vivo phones price list Oppo phones price list Gionee phones price list Motorola phones price list Blackberry phones price list Xiaomi phones price list. Sitemaps Archives Advertise About Us Feedback Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions Complaint Redressal Careers Contact Us RSS Ethics LG X Style in Hindi. © Copyright Red Pixels Ventures Limited 2018. Subject Comments. 
110% Low Price Guarantee + 90-Day Returns. All of your information is secured and transmitted utilizing the highest level of Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) encryption. LG X Style - Phone Cases & Covers. Alcatel Fierce 4 - TPU Case, Clear. Check Out Our Other Styles Below. LG X Style -Splash Guardz Waterproof Case with Lanyard, Blue. Universal fit for most mobile devices. Completely waterproof for up to 20 feet. Dimensions: 6 (H) x 3.2 (W) x 0.6 (D) in.. LG X Style -LUXMO EXEC Series Hand-Crafted Horizontal Leather Case with Belt Clip, Black. Executive Hand-Crafted Horizontal Leather Carrying Case. Dimensions: 3.3 (H) x 6.22 (W) x 0.6 (D) in.. LG X Style -Splash Guardz Waterproof Case with Lanyard, Lime Green. Universal fit for most mobile devices. Completely waterproof for up to 20 feet. Dimensions: 6 (H) x 3.2 (W) x 0.6 (D) in.. LG X Style -Splash Guardz Waterproof Case with Lanyard, Orange. Universal fit for most mobile devices. Completely waterproof for up to 20 feet. Dimensions: 6 (H) x 3.2 (W) x 0.6 (D) in.. LG X Style -Luxmo Horizontal Marble Leather Carrying Case with Belt Clip, Black. Luxmo Black Horizontal Marble Leather Carrying Case. High-quality leatherette with reinforced stitching and sealed seams. Protects against minor bumps and shocks. Dimensions: 3.3 (H) x 6.22 (W) x 0.6 (D) in.. LG X Style -Luxmo Horizontal Marble Leather Carrying Case with Belt Clip, Black. Luxmo Black Horizontal Marble Leather Carrying Case. High-quality leatherette with reinforced stitching and sealed seams. Interior lined with soft neoprene fabric. Protects against minor bumps and shocks. Dimensions: 3.3 (H) x 6.22 (W) x 0.6 (D) in.. LG X Style -LUXMO EXECUTIVE SERIES LEATHER CARRYING CASE WITH BELT CLIP, BLACK. Dimensions: 3.46 (H) x 6.6 (W) x 0.31 (D) in.. LG X Style -Splash Guardz Waterproof Case with Lanyard, Red. Universal fit for most mobile devices. Completely waterproof for up to 20 feet. Dimensions: 6 (H) x 3.2 (W) x 0.6 (D) in.. LG X Style -Splash Guardz Waterproof Case with Lanyard, Blue Camo. Universal fit for most mobile devices. Completely waterproof for up to 20 feet. Package includes: Soft velcro strap and lanyard. Dimensions: 6 (H) x 3.2 (W) x 0.6 (D) in.. LG X Style -Slim vegan leather folio sleeve wallet with card slots, Black. LG X Style -Felt Wool SmartPhone Sleeve,Gray. Keeps your phone safe from scratches, dents and cracks. Built-in pocket for cards, cash and other small items. Rounded corners for a comfortable fit in your pocket. LG X Style -Bolt Heavy-Duty Rugged Case, Holster and Screen Combo, Gray/Black. LG X Style -Slim vegan leather folio sleeve wallet with card slots, Camel Brown. LG X Style -Slim vegan leather folio sleeve wallet with card slots, Dark Blue. LG X Style -Slim vegan leather folio sleeve wallet with card slots, Gray. LG X Style -Splash Guardz Camo Waterproof Case with Lanyard, Brown. Universal fit for most mobile devices. Completely waterproof for up to 20 feet. Package includes: Soft velcro strap and lanyard. Dimensions: 6 (H) x 3.2 (W) x 0.6 (D) in.. LG X Style -Slim vegan leather folio sleeve wallet with card slots, Red. 
LG X style - user opinions and reviews. Pages: 1 2 ». The Tracfone version is a watered down Virgin - Boost Mobile LG Tribute HD with less onboard storage with a weaker camera.. Uncle Sam, 18 Mar 2017 Can the internal space be increased?. How can I move some data to the SD card?. Click on Settings/ Apps, click individual app- Move to SD card (can't move entire app). Techsmarts, 14 Mar 2017 This phone is actually waterproof ip67. Who said this phone is waterproof?? I was told it wasn't. Can the internal space be increased?. How can I move some data to the SD card?. Will the OS work from the SD card?. Is 32 GB the max my phone will take?. This phone is actually waterproof ip67. mm8174, 22 Jun 2016 yeah, it looks like the x power again. more Who really cares what it looks like since it's a clean design with low weight and thickness? Trust me, nobody is impressed by the styling of a phone in this day and age unless it's a monkey fascinated by shiny things, and then you just get paranoid about scratching it up and decreasing resale value so you buy a protective case for it that makes it bulkier, which makes no sense on a budget phone that can be inexpensively replaced, unless you're very rough on it in your daily activities and don't want to be stuck without a means of communication.. Tom Speel, 06 Dec 2016 Can this phone use a wireless charger? Or isn't it Qi-enabled? No it does not have wireless charging. Plus that would add some bulk to the thickness when one of the primary selling points of it is how thin it is, besides the feature: price ratio for use on a pay as you go plan, except that the specs listed for this phone are a little lower and it has removable battery on the X Style version sold for pay as you go.. jimkor, 27 Jan 2017 Watching the HSN "Today's Special" Get LG X Style 5" with 1350 minutes for 1 year with triple... more There is no need to wait, you can transfer your tracfone service over to the HSN phone bundle and your service days, minutes/text/data buckets transfer with it. In fact you don't want to wait until service has expired on your present phone because you can't transfer from an inactive phone, would have to buy MORE service days for it before doing a transfer. However, those service days and buckets also transfer over so it's just a matter of paying $10 or $20 for their smallest activation cards ahead of when you actually need it.. jimkor, 27 Jan 2017 Watching the HSN "Today's Special" Get LG X Style 5" with 1350 minutes for 1 year with triple... more you only have 6 months. Watching the HSN "Today's Special" Get LG X Style 5" with 1350 minutes for 1 year with triple minutes for life. My best point to buy this was "No ACTIVATION DATE REQUIRED" so I can store this phone away until current phone coverage period expires!! I HOPE that TRACFONE HONORS the no activation for that reason. Keeping my fingers crossed that TRACFONE works that way.. anonymous,its obviously 4G,LTE/4G they're the same duh!!!!!. Can this phone use a wireless charger? Or isn't it Qi-enabled?. Is This Phone 3g Or 4g?. RAncid, 19 Oct 2016 Pokemon Go runs?. Yes, anything Android v4.4 or newer can run Pokémon GO. RAncid, 19 Oct 2016 Pokemon Go runs?. In Canada, Virgin Mobile is trying to sell the LG X Power, but in reality it is the LG X Style being mislabeled. So glad I didn't buy that phone, specs look terrible.. Pages: 1 2 ». Total of 31 user reviews and opinions for LG X style .. Samsung Apple Nokia Sony LG HTC Motorola Huawei Microsoft Lenovo Xiaomi Google Acer Asus Oppo OnePlus Meizu BlackBerry Alcatel ZTE Toshiba Vodafone Energizer XOLO Lava Micromax BLU Gionee vivo LeEco Panasonic HP YU verykool Maxwest Plum. LG K10 LG K10 (2017) Samsung Galaxy J5 Prime Lenovo K6 Samsung Galaxy J5 Prime (2017) LG K4 (2017). LG V30 LG G6 LG Q6 LG V20 LG G5 LG K10 (2018). 
Select the department you want to search in. Sign in Account & Lists Sign in Account & Lists Orders Try Prime Cart. Your Amazon.com Today's Deals Gift Cards Registry Sell Help Disability Customer Support. 17-32 of over 9,000 results for "LG X Style". LG Tribute HD Case, LG X Style (L56VL) Case, LG Tribute HD [Shockproof] Hybrid Dual Layer Drop Protection Defender Protective Case Cover for LG Tribute HD/LG X Style - Rainbow. Precisely cut and fit LG X Style / Volt 3 / Tribute HD (LS676) .... LG Tribute HD / LG X Style Holster Case built in [Screen Protector] [Full body] [Heavy Duty Protection ] Shock Reduction / Bumper Case for LG Volt 3 / LS676 Case with Accessories (Teal). Only 3 left in stock - order soon.. Product Features Compatible with LG Tribute HD / X Style / Volt 3. LG Tribute HD Case, Zizo [Bolt Series] w/ FREE [LG Tribute HD Screen Protector] Kickstand [12 ft. Military Grade Drop Tested] - LG X Style. Zizo [Bolt Series] is compatible with LG Tribute HD LS676 and LG X Style .... Reiko Cell Phone Case for LG X Style/ Tribute HD - Clear. Only 1 left in stock - order soon.. This phone model is also known as LG X Style / Tribute HD. LG Tribute HD Case, LG X Style Case, LG Volt 3 Case, Starshop [Shock Absorption] Dual Layers Impact Advanced Protective Phone Cover With [Premium HD Screen Protector Included] (Dream Catcher). Designed specifically for LG Tribute HD,. LG X STYLE Case ; LG TRIBUTE HD Case, Phonelicious [Slim Fit][Brushed Metal Texture][Shock Proof] [Lightweight] Ultimate Drop Protection Cover w/ Screen Protector & Stylus (SILVER BLACK GLITTER). 10% off purchase of 2 items See Details. Designed to fit for LG TRIBUTE HD This Leather Chrome series case is .... LG Tribute HD Case,LG X Style Case,LG Volt 3 Case With HD Screen Protector, AnoKe Scratch Resistant Mandala Design Slim Fit Hard Cover TPU Protective Cover Cases for LS676/L53B/L56VL/Volt 3 CH TM Mint. Product Features Perfectly For LG Tribute HD LS676 / LG X Style / LG Volt 3/L53B/L56VL. Eagle Cell PU Leather Flip Wallet Case for LG Tribute HD LS676/LG X Style - CT3 Green/Dark Blue. Only 1 left in stock - order soon.. LS676 (Boost Mobile, Sprint, Virgin Mobile) LG X Style (Straight Talk) .... LG Tribute HD Case, LG X Style Case with FREE [Tempered Glass Screen Protector], NageBee [Hybrid Protective] [Studded Rhinestone Bling] Diamond Case For LG L53B / L56VL / LS676 / LG Volt 3 (Wave). dual protection for your LG X Style / LG Volt 3 / LG Tribute HD .... LG Tribute HD Case, LG X Style Case, LG Volt 3 Case,LEEGU [Shock Absorption] Dual Layer Heavy Duty Protective Silicone Plastic Cover Case for LG Tribute HD - Don't Touch My Phone. Product Features Applicable:LG Tribute HD / LG X Style / LG Volt 3 / LS676. LG Tribute HD Case, LG X Style Case, LG Volt 3 Case, Ueokeird Hybrid Dual Layer Armor Protective Phone Case Cover with kickstand for LG X Style / Volt 3 / Tribute HD (red). LG X Style Case ,Dual layers of protection featuring a TPU inner layer .... LG Tribute HD Case, LG X Style Case CoverON [HexaGuard Series] Slim Hybrid Hard Phone Cover Case For LG Tribute HD / X Style - Teal Mint. Series] protective hard hybrid case for the LG Tribute HD / X Style .... Digi-Chip HIGH SPEED 32GB UHS-1 CLASS 10 Micro-SD Memory Card for LG X Style, X Power, X Max, X Mach, LG Stylo 2, LG Stylus 2. LG Tribute HD Case,LG X Style Case,LG Volt 3 Case With HD Screen Protector,AnoKe [Card Slots Holder][Not Wallet] Plastic TPU Hybrid Shockproof Heavy Duty Case For LS676 KC2 Rose Gold. Product Features It compatible with LG Tribute HD Case, LG X Style Case,LG Volt 3 Case,LG LS676.. LG Tribute HD Case, LG X Style Case, LG Volt 3 Case, Wrist Strap Flip Folio [Kickstand Feature] Pu Leather Wallet Case with ID&Credit Card Slot For LG Volt 3 / LG Tribute HD (Black). Only 2 left in stock - order soon.. LG Tribute HD Case, LG X Style Case, LG Volt 3 Case, ship .... LG Tribute HD, LG Volt 3 Case, LG X Style [SHOCK FUSION] High Impact Hybrid Dual Layer Case with Kickstand by Miniturtle - Heavenly Stars. Only 11 left in stock - order soon.. HD from Boost Mobile and Virgin Mobile, the LG Volt 3 and LG X Style .... All customers get FREE Shipping on orders over $25 shipped by Amazon. Cell Phone Cases, Holsters & Clips. 4 Stars & Up & Up. 3 Stars & Up & Up. 2 Stars & Up & Up. 1 Star & Up & Up. There's a problem loading this menu right now.. Get fast, free shipping with Amazon Prime. Prime members enjoy FREE Two-Day Shipping and exclusive access to music, movies, TV shows, original audio series, and Kindle books.. Careers About Amazon Investor Relations Amazon Devices. Sell on Amazon Sell Your Services on Amazon Sell on Amazon Business Sell Your Apps on Amazon Become an Affiliate Advertise Your Products Self-Publish with Us › See all. Amazon Rewards Visa Signature Cards Amazon.com Store Card Amazon.com Corporate Credit Line Shop with Points Credit Card Marketplace Reload Your Balance Amazon Currency Converter. Your Account Your Orders Shipping Rates & Policies Amazon Prime Returns & Replacements Manage Your Content and Devices Amazon Assistant Help. Amazon Music Stream millions of songs. Amazon Drive Cloud storage from Amazon. 6pm Score deals on fashion brands. AbeBooks Books, art & collectibles. ACX Audiobook Publishing Made Easy. Alexa Actionable Analytics for the Web. Amazon Business Everything For Your Business. AmazonFresh Groceries & More Right To Your Door. AmazonGlobal Ship Orders Internationally. Home Services Handpicked Pros Happiness Guarantee. Amazon Inspire Digital Educational Resources. Amazon Rapids Fun stories for kids on the go. Amazon Restaurants Food delivery from local restaurants. Amazon Video Direct Video Distribution Made Easy. Amazon Web Services Scalable Cloud Computing Services. Audible Download Audio Books. AudiobookStand Discount Audiobooks on Disc. Book Depository Books With Free Delivery Worldwide. Box Office Mojo Find Movie Box Office Data. ComiXology Thousands of Digital Comics. CreateSpace Indie Print Publishing Made Easy. DPReview Digital Photography. East Dane Designer Men's Fashion. Fabric Sewing, Quilting & Knitting. Goodreads Book reviews & recommendations. IMDb Movies, TV & Celebrities. IMDbPro Get Info Entertainment Professionals Need. Junglee.com Shop Online in India. Kindle Direct Publishing Indie Digital Publishing Made Easy. Prime Now FREE 2-Hour Delivery on Everyday Items. Prime Photos Unlimited Photo Storage Free With Prime. Shopbop Designer Fashion Brands. TenMarks.com Math Activities for Kids & Schools. Warehouse Deals Open-Box Discounts. Whole Foods Market America’s Healthiest Grocery Store. Withoutabox Submit to Film Festivals. Woot! Deals and Shenanigans. Zappos Shoes & Clothing. Souq.com Shop Online in the Middle East. Subscribe with Amazon Discover & try subscription services. Conditions of Use Privacy Notice Interest-Based Ads © 1996-2018, Amazon.com, Inc. 
Hi! Get more out of Walmart.com. Stretch your tax refund FREE Grocery Pickup See All Departments. Reorder Items Pickup Today Track Order Your Account Store Finder. Shop Electronics Smart Home Wearable Tech Cameras & Camcorders Walmart for Business Video Games. Shop all TV & Video TVs DVD & Blu-ray Players Home Audio & Theater TV Accessories. Shop all Cell Phones Straight Talk Phones Unlocked Phones Contract Phones No-Contract Phones Prepaid Minutes & Data Cases & Accessories. Shop all iPad & Tablets iPad Windows Tablets Android Tablets Accessories. Shop all Computers Laptops Desktops PC Gaming Printers & Supplies Networking Software Monitors Accessories. Shop all Auto Electronics GPS & Navigation. Shop all Portable Audio iPod & MP3 Players Headphones Speakers & Docks. Shop all Office Supplies Office Electronics School Supplies. Star Wars Marvel: Avengers Musical Instruments Computer Software. Shop all Movies & TV 2-Day Shipping Action & Adventure Blu-ray Discs Boxed Sets Children & Family Instawatch Movie DVDs New Releases Preorders TV Shows. Shop all Music 2-Day Shipping Music Gift Cards Country Music Soundtracks Vinyl New Releases Pop R&B / Soul Rock Top 100 CDs. Shop all Books Deals in books Preorders New Releases Biographies & Memoirs Children's Books Christian Books & Bibles Cookbooks, Food & Wine Comics & Graphic Novels Crafts & Hobbies Humor Literature & Fiction Health and Wellness Teen & Young Adult. Shop all Shop By Room Living Room Bedroom Bathroom Dining Room Kitchen Kids' Room Teens' Room Patio Entryway Office. Shop all Shop By Category Appliances Bath Bedding Furniture Home Decor Kids’ Bedding Kids’ Furniture Kitchen & Dining Lighting Mattresses Patio & Garden Rugs Storage & Organization Vacuums & Floor Care Window Coverings. Shop all Brand Shops KitchenAid Better Homes and Gardens The Pioneer Woman Mainstays. Shop all Specialty Shops Home Gift Guide Back to College Shop by Style. Shop All Home Improvement Bathroom Renovations Kitchen Renovations Water Purification Generators Garage & Storage. Shop all Air Quality Dehumidifiers Humidifiers. Shop all Tools Power Tools Hand Tools. Shop all Heating & Cooling Heaters Fireplaces Stoves. Shop all Paint Interior & Exterior Paint Ladders. Shop all Patio & Garden Patio Furniture Patio & Outdoor Decor Sheds & Outdoor Storage Outdoor Shade Grills & Outdoor Cooking Outdoor Heating Swimming Pools Hot Tubs & Saunas. Shop all Garden Center Outdoor Power Equipment Landscaping Pots & Planters. Shop all Industrial & Scientific Janitorial & Sanitation Supplies Food Service Equipment. Shop All Clothing Intimates & Sleepwear All Shoes Boys' Girls' Swim Shop Spring Fashion Activewear Shop School Uniforms Precious Metals Bags & Accessories Luggage Sleepwear Shop Premium Beauty Fashion Brands Clearance & More. Shop all Women's Women's Plus Juniors' Maternity Women's Shoes. Shop all Jewelry Wedding & Engagement Watches Fine Jewelry Fashion Jewelry Personalized Jewelry. Shop all Men's Men's Big & Tall Young Men's Men's Shoes Men's Jewelry. Shop all Baby & Toddlers' Baby Girl Baby Boy Toddler Girl Toddler Boy Baby & Kids' Shoes. Shop All Baby Baby Deals Parent's Choice Britax Premium Brands Restock Shop Baby Registry Baby Box Strollers Car Seats Baby & Toddler Clothing. Shop all Diapering & Potty Diapers Wipes Diaper Bags. Shop all Feeding Breast Feeding Bottle Feeding Baby Formula Baby Food Toddler Feeding Bibs & Burp Cloths. Shop all Nursery & Décor Cribs Furniture Bedding Décor. Shop all Toddler Room Furniture Bedding. Shop all Play & Travel Gear Playstations & Walkers Playards Swings Carriers & Wraps Baby & Toddler Toys. Shop all Health & Safety Bath Baby Gates Baby Monitors Baby Care. Toys Savings Musical Instruments Boys' Toys Girls' Toys Xbox One X Retro Gaming. Shop all Toys Action Figures Dolls & Dollhouses Cars, Drones & RC LEGO & Building Sets Pretend Play Arts & Crafts Electronics for Kids Learning Toys Nerf & Blasters Stuffed Animals & Plush Games & Puzzles. Shop all Bikes & Ride-Ons Kids' Bikes Ride-On Toys Hoverboards. Shop all Outdoor Play Swing Sets Trampolines. Shop all Shop by Age Preschool 5-7 8-11 12+. Shop all Video Games Virtual Reality New Releases PlayStation 4 Xbox One Nintendo Switch Accessories Digital Gaming Nintendo 3DS / 2DS Nintendo Wii U / Wii PlayStation VR Preorders Used Games. Restock Shop Fresh Flowers Meal Kits & Specialty Food Boxes Grocery Pickup & Delivery. Shop all Shop All Food Coffee Beverages Snacks & Cookies Breakfast & Cereal Meals Condiments Pasta Candy & Gum Soups Canned Goods Emergency Food Baking Center International Food. Shop all Household Essentials Laundry Room Kitchen Bathroom Paper & Plastic Cleaning Supplies Air Fresheners Batteries Pest Control As Seen On TV Light Bulbs. Shop all Shop All Pets Cats Dogs Fish Small Animals Birds Equine Reptiles. Shop all Clearance & Rollbacks Food Household Essentials Pets. Shop all Beauty Makeup Skin Care Fragrances Beauty Tools Hair Care Premium Beauty. Shop all Brands We Love Flower Culturelle OralB Braun ReliOn. Shop all Personal Care Feminine Care Incontinence. Shop all Shave Electric Shavers Razors. Shop all Oral Care Electric Toothbrushes Water Flossers. Shop all Bath & Body Lotions Body Wash. Shop all Vision Center Prescription Eyewear Contact Lenses. Shop all Health Medicine Cabinet Cold, Cough and Flu Digestive Health Home Health Care Diabetes Management. Shop all Wellness Supplements Protein & Fitness Weight Management Aromatherapy. Shop all Pharmacy Refill Prescriptions Transfer Prescriptions. Shop All Sports Outdoor Sports Emergency Prep Ozark Trail Hunting Trampolines Game Room Basketball Sports Fanshop. Shop all Camping Tents Airbeds Canopies & Shelters. Shop all Fishing Rod & Reel Combos. Shop all Boats & Water Sports Canoes, Kayaks & Boats. Shop all Recreation Bikes Lawn Games Air Soft Air Guns Golf. Shop all Team Sports Baseball & Softball Football. Shop all Exercise & Fitness Boxing Mixed Martial Arts. Shop all Exercise Machines Treadmills Bikes Ellipticals Home Gyms. Shop all Strength and Weight Training Fitness Accessories Ab & Core Toners. Shop All Auto Tires Batteries & Accessories Diagnostic Tools Auto Paint & Accessories Auto Interior Auto Exterior Windshield Wipers Motorcycles & ATVs RV Parts & Accessories Auto Detailing & Car Care Auto Services. Shop all Oils & Fluids Motor Oil Antifreeze & Coolants Transmission, Brake, & Steering Fluids. Shop all Automotive Tools & Equipment Car Battery Chargers & Accessories. Shop all Auto Electronics Car DVD & Video Car Stereos Car Speakers & Subwoofers Power Inverters Dash Cams. Shop all Auto Body Repair Auto Repair Tools. Shop all Auto Replacement Parts Oil Filters Engine Air Filters Spark Plugs Brake Parts. Shop all Photo Center Available Same Day Blankets Calendars Canvas & Wall Art Cards & Invitations Home Decor & Gifts Jewelry & Clothing Mugs Office Phone Cases Photo Books Pillows Posters Prints. Shop all Personalized Shop Easter Rollbacks & Clearance Wedding Invitations Wedding Sweepstakes Graduation Home Decor Clothing & Accessories Bedding & Bath Kitchen & Dining Kids Character Shop. Shop all Personalized Jewelry Rings Necklaces Class Rings. Shop all Gift Cards Mail a Gift Card Email a Gift Card Specialty Gift Cards Check Card Balances Corporate Gift Card Program. Shop all Gift Registry Baby Registry Wedding Registry Lists. Craft Tips & Ideas Costumes & Dress Up Party Ideas & Recipes Christmas Decor Savings Birthday Shop Wedding Shop Valentine's Day Plush. Shop all Arts, Crafts & Sewing Art & Drawing Supplies Beading & Jewelry Crafting Die Cutting Machines Sewing Fabric Scrapbooking Supplies Artificial Plants & Flowers Knitting & Crochet Yarn Craft Furniture & Storage. Shop all Party & Occasions Baking & Pastry Supplies Balloons Cards & Invitations Disposable Tableware Giftwrap & Supplies Party Decorations Party Favors Pinatas. Shop all Party Themes Themed Party Sets Anniversary Baby Shower Halloween Christmas Decor. Stretch your tax refund FREE Grocery Pickup Electronics & Office Movies, Music & Books Home, Furniture & Appliances Home Improvement & Patio Clothing, Shoes & Jewelry Baby & Toddler Toys & Video Games Food, Household & Pets Pharmacy, Health & Beauty Sports, Fitness & Outdoors Auto & Tires Photo & Personalized Shop Sewing, Crafts & Party Supplies See All Departments. Baby Registry Wedding Registry Classroom Supplies. TV & Video TVs DVD & Blu-ray Players Home Audio & Theater TV Accessories. Cell Phones Straight Talk Phones Unlocked Phones Contract Phones No-Contract Phones Prepaid Minutes & Data Cases & Accessories. iPad & Tablets iPad Windows Tablets Android Tablets Accessories. Computers Laptops Desktops PC Gaming Printers & Supplies Networking Software Monitors Accessories. Portable Audio iPod & MP3 Players Headphones Speakers & Docks. Office Supplies Office Electronics School Supplies. Movies & TV 2-Day Shipping Action & Adventure Blu-ray Discs Boxed Sets Children & Family Instawatch Movie DVDs New Releases Preorders TV Shows. Music 2-Day Shipping Music Gift Cards Country Music Soundtracks Vinyl New Releases Pop R&B / Soul Rock Top 100 CDs. Books Deals in books Preorders New Releases Biographies & Memoirs Children's Books Christian Books & Bibles Cookbooks, Food & Wine Comics & Graphic Novels Crafts & Hobbies Humor Literature & Fiction Health and Wellness Teen & Young Adult. Shop By Room Living Room Bedroom Bathroom Dining Room Kitchen Kids' Room Teens' Room Patio Entryway Office. Shop By Category Appliances Bath Bedding Furniture Home Decor Kids’ Bedding Kids’ Furniture Kitchen & Dining Lighting Mattresses Patio & Garden Rugs Storage & Organization Vacuums & Floor Care Window Coverings. Brand Shops KitchenAid Better Homes and Gardens The Pioneer Woman Mainstays. Specialty Shops Home Gift Guide Back to College Shop by Style. Industrial & Scientific Janitorial & Sanitation Supplies Food Service Equipment. Heating & Cooling Heaters Fireplaces Stoves. Paint Interior & Exterior Paint Ladders. Patio & Garden Patio Furniture Patio & Outdoor Decor Sheds & Outdoor Storage Outdoor Shade Grills & Outdoor Cooking Outdoor Heating Swimming Pools Hot Tubs & Saunas. Garden Center Outdoor Power Equipment Landscaping Pots & Planters. Women's Women's Plus Juniors' Maternity Women's Shoes. Jewelry Wedding & Engagement Watches Fine Jewelry Fashion Jewelry Personalized Jewelry. Men's Men's Big & Tall Young Men's Men's Shoes Men's Jewelry. Baby & Toddlers' Baby Girl Baby Boy Toddler Girl Toddler Boy Baby & Kids' Shoes. Diapering & Potty Diapers Wipes Diaper Bags. Feeding Breast Feeding Bottle Feeding Baby Formula Baby Food Toddler Feeding Bibs & Burp Cloths. Nursery & Décor Cribs Furniture Bedding Décor. Play & Travel Gear Playstations & Walkers Playards Swings Carriers & Wraps Baby & Toddler Toys. Health & Safety Bath Baby Gates Baby Monitors Baby Care. Toys Action Figures Dolls & Dollhouses Cars, Drones & RC LEGO & Building Sets Pretend Play Arts & Crafts Electronics for Kids Learning Toys Nerf & Blasters Stuffed Animals & Plush Games & Puzzles. Bikes & Ride-Ons Kids' Bikes Ride-On Toys Hoverboards. Shop by Age Preschool 5-7 8-11 12+. Video Games Virtual Reality New Releases PlayStation 4 Xbox One Nintendo Switch Accessories Digital Gaming Nintendo 3DS / 2DS Nintendo Wii U / Wii PlayStation VR Preorders Used Games. Shop All Food Coffee Beverages Snacks & Cookies Breakfast & Cereal Meals Condiments Pasta Candy & Gum Soups Canned Goods Emergency Food Baking Center International Food. Household Essentials Laundry Room Kitchen Bathroom Paper & Plastic Cleaning Supplies Air Fresheners Batteries Pest Control As Seen On TV Light Bulbs. Meal Kits & Specialty Food Boxes. Shop All Pets Cats Dogs Fish Small Animals Birds Equine Reptiles. Clearance & Rollbacks Food Household Essentials Pets. Beauty Makeup Skin Care Fragrances Beauty Tools Hair Care Premium Beauty. Brands We Love Flower Culturelle OralB Braun ReliOn. Oral Care Electric Toothbrushes Water Flossers. Bath & Body Lotions Body Wash. Vision Center Prescription Eyewear Contact Lenses. Health Medicine Cabinet Cold, Cough and Flu Digestive Health Home Health Care Diabetes Management. Wellness Supplements Protein & Fitness Weight Management Aromatherapy. Camping Tents Airbeds Canopies & Shelters. Fishing Rod & Reel Combos. Boats & Water Sports Canoes, Kayaks & Boats. Recreation Bikes Lawn Games Air Soft Air Guns Golf. Team Sports Baseball & Softball Football. Exercise & Fitness Boxing Mixed Martial Arts. Exercise Machines Treadmills Bikes Ellipticals Home Gyms. Strength and Weight Training Fitness Accessories Ab & Core Toners. Oils & Fluids Motor Oil Antifreeze & Coolants Transmission, Brake, & Steering Fluids. Automotive Tools & Equipment Car Battery Chargers & Accessories. Auto Electronics Car DVD & Video Car Stereos Car Speakers & Subwoofers Power Inverters Dash Cams. Auto Body Repair Auto Repair Tools. Auto Replacement Parts Oil Filters Engine Air Filters Spark Plugs Brake Parts. Photo Center Available Same Day Blankets Calendars Canvas & Wall Art Cards & Invitations Home Decor & Gifts Jewelry & Clothing Mugs Office Phone Cases Photo Books Pillows Posters Prints. Personalized Shop Easter Rollbacks & Clearance Wedding Invitations Wedding Sweepstakes Graduation Home Decor Clothing & Accessories Bedding & Bath Kitchen & Dining Kids Character Shop. Personalized Jewelry Rings Necklaces Class Rings. Gift Cards Mail a Gift Card Email a Gift Card Specialty Gift Cards Check Card Balances Corporate Gift Card Program. Gift Registry Baby Registry Wedding Registry Lists. Arts, Crafts & Sewing Art & Drawing Supplies Beading & Jewelry Crafting Die Cutting Machines Sewing Fabric Scrapbooking Supplies Artificial Plants & Flowers Knitting & Crochet Yarn Craft Furniture & Storage. Party & Occasions Baking & Pastry Supplies Balloons Cards & Invitations Disposable Tableware Giftwrap & Supplies Party Decorations Party Favors Pinatas. Party Themes Themed Party Sets Anniversary Baby Shower Halloween Christmas Decor. All Departments Auto & Tires Baby Beauty Books Cell Phones Clothing Electronics Food. Gifts & Registry Health Home Home Improvement Household Essentials Jewelry Movies Music Office. Party & Occasions Patio & Garden Pets Pharmacy Photo Center Sports & Outdoors Toys Video Games. FREE Grocery Pickup FREE 2-Day Shipping Shop smart with our app Get your flu shot today Stretch your tax refund. FREE Grocery Pickup FREE 2-Day Shipping Shop smart with our app Get your flu shot today Stretch your tax refund. Pickup Today Grocery Pickup Weekly Ads Credit Card Track Order. Cell Phones Straight Talk Wireless Straight Talk Cell Phones. Straight Talk LG X Style 8GB Prepaid Smartphone, Black. Average rating: 3.0714 out of 5 stars, based on 14 reviews 14 reviews ratings. This button opens a dialog that displays additional images for this product with the option to zoom in or out.. 4G LTE Android 6.0 (Marshmallow) OS 5.0" HD screen. Tell us if something is incorrect. Sold & shipped by Walmart. See arrival and pickup dates for your area.. Enter ZIP code or city, state. Cover drops, spills & cracked screens with a Care Plan. Protect your purchase with a care plan. Cover drops, spills, cracked screens, and more. Plus, get set up and connected with access to 30 days of Soluto Premium Tech Help. Add 2-Year Mobile Phone Protection $ 12. See arrival and pickup dates for your area.. Enter ZIP code or city, state. Tell us if something is incorrect. 4G LTE Android 6.0 (Marshmallow) OS 5.0" HD screen. Get specific details about this product from customers who own it.. Average rating: 3.1 out of 5 stars, based on reviews. relevancy helpful submission-desc submission-asc rating-desc rating-asc. Average rating: 5 out of 5 stars, based on reviews. The phone is super thin, and I have had no overheating issues. I hate it for people who've had their screen crack upon dropping it just once. My iPhone did that while in a nice case!! It depends on where the phone hits when it falls. I get great reception, and it is responsive when opening and using apps. I, too, have experienced 2 second delays at times, but it doesn't keep me from really enjoying the phone.. Yes (11) No (0) Report. Still new but so far so good. Average rating: 4 out of 5 stars, based on reviews. Just got this up & running the other day. So far everything seems to be working great. The size of this phone is just right for me. Big enough screen for good viewing but not too big to carry around. Nice cameras but they should have more mode options all I've found is panorama & auto. No night, sports, or portrait modes... The speaker has good volume too. I actually bought 3 of these & all of them are working great. They are all fast running phones no lagging. The other reviewer must have gotten a bad apple. Yes (18) No (2) Report. 1-5 of 14 reviews. See any care plans, options and policies that may be associated with this product.. Electrode, Comp-283025184, DC-prod-dfw7, ENV-prod-a, PROF-PROD, VER-21.17.3-rc-1, SHA-c37438843926f3cccffc1b3ed5e62a5a7012bec8, CID-. Help Feedback MoneyCenter Privacy & Security CA Privacy Rights Terms of Use. See All Services Walmart MoneyCenter Walmart Credit Card Product Care Plans Walmart Pay. About Walmart.com Corporate Suppliers Sell on Walmart.com Careers @WalmartLabs The Walmart Digital Museum. Terms of Use About Our Ads Affiliate Program CA Privacy Rights Privacy & Security. Returns Policy Product Recalls Int’l Customers Tax Exempt Program Contact Us Feedback Store Pickup. Electronics Toys Video Games Home Products Clothing Sports & Outdoors Baby Products. 
Apple iPad Mini 1 / 2 / 3. Apple iPad 4th 3rd 2nd Generation. 1 - 2 - 3 - 4. LG X Style LS676 - BOLT Case Cover Kickstand Holster Tempered Glass - Camo Green. LG X Style LS676 - BOLT Case Cover Kickstand Holster Tempered Glass - Orange. LG X Style LS676 - BOLT Case Cover Kickstand Holster Tempered Glass - Red. LG X Style LS676 - BOLT Case Kickstand Holster Tempered Glass - Red. LG X Style LS676 - BOLT Case Kickstand Holster Tempered Glass Black. LG X Style LS676 - Black MyJacket Wallet Flip Case Cover. LG X Style LS676 - Black Pattern/Black Liner MyJacket Wallet Flip Case Cover(84A) -WP. LG X Style LS676 - Hearts & Green Quicksand Glitter Hybrid Case Cover. LG X Style LS676 - Hearts & Purple Quicksand Glitter Hybrid Case Cover. LG X Style LS676 - Stars & Pink Quicksand Glitter Hybrid Case Cover. LG X Style LS676 - Zizo ION Case Tempered Glass - Black/Smoke. LG X Style LS676 - Zizo ION Case Tempered Glass - Neon Green/Clear. LG X Style LS676 - Zizo ION Case Tempered Glass - Rose Gold/Clear. LG X Style LS676 - Zizo ION Case Tempered Glass - Silver/Clear. LG X Style LS676 - Screen Protector Twin Pack. LG X Style LS676 - Tempered Glass Screen Protector. LG X Style LS676 - Static Dual Layer Hybrid Case Cover Kickstand - Black/Black. LG X Style LS676 - Static Dual Layer Hybrid Case Cover Kickstand - Black/Orange. LG X Style LS676 - Natural Black TUFF Hybrid Case Cover [Military-Grade Certified]. LG X Style LS676 - Phoenix Flower Rose Gold Black TUFF Hybrid Phone Case Cover [Military-Grade Certified]. LG X Style LS676 - Purple Hibiscus Electric Purple TUFF Hybrid Case. LG X Style LS676 - Rubberized Black TUFF Hybrid Case Cover [Military-Grade Certified]. LG X Style LS676 - Teal Green Pink TUFF Hybrid Case Cover [Military-Grade Certified]. LG X Style LS676 - Titanium Dark Blue TUFF Hybrid Case Cover [Military-Grade Certified]. LG X Style LS676 - Titanium Red Black TUFF Hybrid Case Cover [Military-Grade Certified]. LG X Style LS676 - Zebra Skin/Tropical Teal TUFF Hybrid Case Cover. LG X Style LS676 - Black Astronoot Phone Case Cover. LG X Style LS676 - Black Brushed Hybrid Case Cover. LG X Style LS676 - Blue Black Astronoot Case Cover. LG X Style LS676 - Ink Blue Black Brushed Hybrid Case Cover. LG X Style LS676 - Silver Black Astronoot Case Cover. LG X Style LS676 - Teal Green/Hot Pink Brushed Hybrid Case Cover. LG X Style LS676 - White Lychee GrainRose Gold Astronoot Case Cover. LG X Style LS676 - Natural Black TUFF Hybrid Case Cover Combo [Military-Grade Certified] Black Holster. LG X Style LS676 - Rubberized Black TUFF Hybrid Case Cover [Military-Grade Certified]. LG X Style LS676 - Titanium Dark Blue TUFF Hybrid Case Cover [Military-Grade Certified]. LG X Style LS676 - Titanium Red Black TUFF Hybrid Case Cover [Military-Grade Certified]. LG X Style LS676 - Flap Wallet Pouch With Credit Card Slots Case - Hot Pink/Purple. LG X Style LS676 - Black/Black 3-in-1 Kinetic Hybrid Case Combo (with Black Holster)(Tempered Glass Screen Protector). LG X Style LS676 - Deluxe Wallet Case With Holder Black. LG X Style LS676 - Deluxe Wallet Case With Holder Gold. LG X Style LS676 - Deluxe Wallet Case With Holder Hot Pink. LG X Style LS676 - Deluxe Wallet Case With Holder Purple. LG X Style LS676 - Deluxe Wallet Case With Holder Teal. LG X Style LS676 - Black ProWorx Shock Absorption Case Bumper TPU & Anti-Scratch Clear Back Cover. LG X Style LS676 - Clear ProWorx Shock Absorption Case Bumper TPU & Anti-Scratch Clear Back Cover. LG X Style LS676 - Clear ProWorx Ultra Slim Thin Scratch Resistant TPU Silicone Case Cover. LG X Style LS676 - Clear Tempered Glass Film Screen Protector Clear. LG X Style LS676 - Hybrid Brushed Armor Phone Case - Black. LG X Style LS676 - Hybrid Brushed Armor Phone Case - Navy Blue. LG X Style LS676 - Hybrid Brushed Armor Phone Case - Purple. LG X Style LS676 - Hybrid Brushed Armor Phone Case - Rose Gold. LG X Style LS676 - Hybrid Brushed Armor Phone Case - Silver. LG X Style LS676 - Premium Blister Card Box Package Tempered Glass. LG X Style LS676 - Slim Armor Brushed Hybrid Case Cover - Black/Black. LG X Style LS676 - Dual Layer Hard Soft Case Stand - Black. LG X Style LS676 - Dual Layer Hard Soft Case Stand - Gray. Cellet Black Universal Bluetooth Wireless Headset - Black for LG X Style LS676. Cellet Cell Phone Holder with DC Car Charger Plug and USB Charging Port for LG X Style LS676. Cellet Durable Windshield Mount Car Phone Holder - Black for LG X Style LS676. Cellet Smartphone Car Air Vent Mount Phone Holder for LG X Style LS676. Cellet Super Fast Rapid Charging USB Car Charger with Quick Charge 3.0 Phones & Tablets - Black for LG X Style LS676. CyonGear Hi-Powered 10W / 2.1 Amp Home Wall Charger (Micro USB cable included) - Black for LG X Style LS676. CyonGear Hi-Powered 10W / 2.1 Amp Home Wall Charger (Micro USB cable included) - White for LG X Style LS676. One Microfiber Cleaning Cloth - Size 6 x 7 for LG X Style LS676. Transparent Clear Waterproof Underwater Phone Pouch Bag with Lanyard for LG X Style LS676. Universal Windshield Phone Holder 360 Rotating Car Mount for LG X Style LS676. Wireless Neckband Earbuds Bluetooth Headphones In-Ear Sport Gym Running Red for LG X Style LS676. Handlebar Bike Mount Phone Holder Motorcycle Bicycle for LG X Style LS676. Proworx Car Vent Mount Durable Phone Holder for LG X Style LS676. LG X Style LS676 - Black Four-Leaf Clover Rose Gold Black TUFF Trooper Hybrid Case Cover [Military-Grade]. LG X Style LS676 - Black TUFF Trooper Hybrid Case Cover [Military-Grade Certified](with Package). LG X Style LS676 - Black/Black Brushed TUFF Trooper Hybrid Case Cover [Military-Grade Certified](with Package). LG X Style LS676 - Slate Blue/Black Brushed TUFF Trooper Hybrid Case Cover [Military-Grade Certified](with Package). LG X Style LS676 - Titanium Red/Black TUFF Trooper Hybrid Case Cover [Military-Grade Certified]. LG X Style LS676 - Heavy Duty Armor Case Cover Holster - Black. LG X Style LS676 - Heavy Duty Armor Case Cover Holster - Gray/Black. LG X Style LS676 - BOLT Cover Replacement Belt Clip Holster Only. LG X Style LS676 - Clear LCD Screen Protector. LG X Style LS676 - Case Hybrid Slim Armor Cover - Metallic Rose Gold. LG X Style LS676 - Case Hybrid Slim Shockproof Armor Cover - Metallic Black. LG X Style LS676 - Case Hybrid Slim Shockproof Armor Cover - Metallic Silver. LG X Style LS676 - Case Hybrid Slim Shockproof Armor Cover - Metallic Teal. LG X Style LS676 - Case Hybrid Slim Shockproof Armor Cover - Paris Tower. LG X Style LS676 - Hybrid Brushed 3D Image Design Case Cover - Dream Catcher. LG X Style LS676 - Hybrid Brushed 3D Image Design Case Cover - Lion. LG X Style LS676 - Hybrid Rugged Case Cover Stand - Black. LG X Style LS676 - Hybrid Rugged Case Cover Stand - Hot Pink. LG X Style LS676 - Hybrid Brushed Armor Phone Case - Black. LG X Style LS676 - Hybrid Brushed Armor Phone Case - Dark Grey. LG X Style LS676 - Hybrid Brushed Armor Phone Case - Navy Blue. LG X Style LS676 - Hybrid Brushed Armor Phone Case - Rose Gold. LG X Style LS676 - Hybrid Brushed Armor Phone Case - Silver. LG X Style LS676 - Brushed Wallet Pouch Flip Case - Pearl. LG X Style LS676 - TPU Crystal Skin Rubber Case - Clear. LG X Style LS676 - DELUXE Hybrid Shockproof Case Cover - Gold. LG X Style LS676 - DELUXE Hybrid Shockproof Case Cover - Navy Blue. LG X Style LS676 - DELUXE Hybrid Shockproof Case Cover - White. LG X Style LS676 - Hybrid DEFENDER HOLSTER Stand Clip - Blue. LG X Style LS676 - Hybrid DEFENDER HOLSTER Stand Clip - Red. LG X Style LS676 - Hybrid Shockproof Case Cover - Green Camo. LG X Style LS676 - SUPER DUTY TACTICAL DEFENDER Case - Black. LG X Style LS676 - SUPER DUTY TACTICAL DEFENDER Case - Red. LG X Style LS676 - Hybrid Armor TOUGH IMPACT Case - Black. LG X Style LS676 - Hybrid Armor TOUGH IMPACT Case - Blue. LG X Style LS676 - Tempered Glass 0.33MM Screen Protector. LG X Style LS676 - Hybrid Case Black Black Hard Case. LG X Style LS676 - Hybrid Case Black Gold Hard Case. LG X Style LS676 - Hybrid Case Black Grey Hard Case. LG X Style LS676 - Hybrid Case Black Hot Pink Hard Case. LG X Style LS676 - Hybrid Case Black Purple Hard Case. LG X Style LS676 - Hybrid Case Black Rose Hard Case. LG X Style LS676 - Hybrid Case Blacktpu Red Hard Case. LG X Style LS676 - Shockproof ARMOR Case Black Black & Black Carbon Fiber. LG X Style LS676 - Shockproof ARMOR Case Brown Tpu Black & Brown Camouflage. LG X Style LS676 - Shockproof ARMOR Case Green Tpu Black & Green Camouflage. LG X Style LS676 - Hybrid Armor Thin Black & Blue Hard Case. LG X Style LS676 - Hybrid Armor Thin Black & Grey Hard Case. LG X Style LS676 - Hybrid Armor Thin Black & Rose Gold Hard Case. LG X Style LS676 - Hybrid DEFENDER Armor Case With Holder Hot Pink. LG X Style LS676 - Baby Blue TPU Rubber Skin Case Cover. LG X Style LS676 - Hot Pink TPU Rubber Skin Case Cover. LG X Style LS676 - Mint Green TPU Rubber Skin Case Cover. LG X Style LS676 - Hybrid Armor Case With Kickstand Black Black Hard Case. LG X Style LS676 - Hybrid Armor Case With Kickstand Black Gold Hard Case. LG X Style LS676 - Wallet Case With Card Holder Carbon Fiber Black TPU Black. LG X Style LS676 - Wallet Case With Card Holder Dark Blue TPU Green. LG X Style LS676 - Wallet Case With Card Holder Red TPU Blue. LG X Style LS676 - Wallet Diamond Case Card Holder Black. LG X Style LS676 - Wallet Diamond Case Card Holder Light Blue. LG X Style LS676 - Wallet Diamond Case Card Holder Red. LG X Style LS676 - Tempered Glass Screen Protector (0.33mm 2.5d) - Oem - Clear. Cellet Super Fast Rapid Charging USB Car Charger with Quick Charge 3.0 Phones & Tablets - White for LG X Style LS676. ProWorx Multi-Angle Mini Portable Durable Aluminum Tablet Smartphone Stand for LG X Style LS676. Waterproof Smartphone Pouch Dry Bag ProWorx - Blue for LG X Style LS676. Waterproof Smartphone Pouch Dry Bag ProWorx - Clear for LG X Style LS676. Waterproof Smartphone Pouch Dry Bag ProWorx - Hot Pink for LG X Style LS676. Dual 2 Port PROWORX USB Car Charger 4.8 Amp/24W Fast Charging - Black for LG X Style LS676. Dual 2 Port PROWORX USB Car Charger 4.8 Amp/24W Fast Charging - Blue for LG X Style LS676. Dual 2 Port PROWORX USB Car Charger 4.8 Amp/24W Fast Charging - Gold for LG X Style LS676. Dual 2 Port PROWORX USB Car Charger 4.8 Amp/24W Fast Charging - Gray for LG X Style LS676. Dual 2 Port PROWORX USB Car Charger 4.8 Amp/24W Fast Charging - Hot Pink for LG X Style LS676. Dual 2 Port PROWORX USB Car Charger 4.8 Amp/24W Fast Charging - Lime Green for LG X Style LS676. Dual 2 Port PROWORX USB Car Charger 4.8 Amp/24W Fast Charging - Orange for LG X Style LS676. Dual 2 Port PROWORX USB Car Charger 4.8 Amp/24W Fast Charging - Red for LG X Style LS676. Dual 2 Port PROWORX USB Car Charger 4.8 Amp/24W Fast Charging - Rose Gold for LG X Style LS676. Dual 2 Port PROWORX USB Car Charger 4.8 Amp/24W Fast Charging - Silver for LG X Style LS676. Dual 2 Port PROWORX USB Car Charger 4.8 Amp/24W Fast Charging - Sky Blue for LG X Style LS676. Dual 2 Port PROWORX USB Car Charger 4.8 Amp/24W Fast Charging - Yellow for LG X Style LS676. Bluetooth Headset PROWORX Hands Free Wireless Earpiece Headphones with Microphone - Silver for LG X Style LS676. Universal Mini In-Ear Wireless Bluetooth 4.1 Headset Mono Headphone for LG X Style LS676. Dual USB Super Fast Car Charger (Qualcomm Quick Charge 2.0 Technology) Black for LG X Style LS676. Dual USB Super Fast Car Charger (Qualcomm Quick Charge 2.0 Technology) White for LG X Style LS676. Black Posh Genuine Real Leather Premium Luxury MyJacket Wallet Case with Strap for LG X Style LS676. Cellet Prism RapidCharge 12W 2.4A Dual USB Fast Charging Car Charger - Black for LG X Style LS676. Cellet Prism RapidCharge 12W 2.4A Dual USB Fast Charging Car Charger - Blue for LG X Style LS676. Cellet Prism RapidCharge 12W 2.4A Dual USB Fast Charging Car Charger - Green for LG X Style LS676. Cellet Prism RapidCharge 12W 2.4A Dual USB Fast Charging Car Charger - Orange for LG X Style LS676. Cellet Prism RapidCharge 12W 2.4A Dual USB Fast Charging Car Charger - Pink for LG X Style LS676. Cellet Prism RapidCharge 12W 2.4A Dual USB Fast Charging Car Charger - Yellow for LG X Style LS676. Black Crocodile Genuine Real Leather MyJacket Wallet Case Flap Phone Pouch for LG X Style LS676. Cellet 3.1A Dual USB Port Car Charger with Extended 5ft Cable Cable for LG X Style LS676. Cellet 5V / 25Watt (5.1Amp) 4-Port Fast Rapid Charge USB Desktop Charging Station Travel Wall Charger - Black for LG X Style LS676. Cellet Car Charger with 4 USB Ports/2.4amp for Front & Backseat Black for LG X Style LS676. Cellet Car Charger with 4 USB Ports/2.4amp for Front & Backseat White for LG X Style LS676. CyonGear High Power 10W / 2.1A Dual USB Fast Car Charger for LG X Style LS676. RUIZ by Cellet High Powered 2.1A (10W) USB Home Wall Charger - Black for LG X Style LS676. RUIZ by Cellet High Powered 2.1A (10W) USB Home Wall Charger - White for LG X Style LS676. RUIZ by Cellet 2.1A (10W) USB Fast Charging Car Charger - Black / Gray for LG X Style LS676. RUIZ by Cellet 2.1A (10W) USB Fast Charging Car Charger - Black / Green for LG X Style LS676. RUIZ by Cellet 2.1A (10W) USB Fast Charging Car Charger - White / Gray for LG X Style LS676. CyonGear 10W / 2.1 Amp Hi-Powered USB Wall Home Charger - Black for LG X Style LS676. CyonGear 10W / 2.1 Amp Hi-Powered USB Wall Home Charger - White for LG X Style LS676. Cellet Retractable 3.5mm Stereo In-Ear Headphones Earbuds Compact - Black for LG X Style LS676. Cellet Universal 26W 5.2 Amp 4-Port Car Charger - Black for LG X Style LS676. Cellet Universal 26W 5.2 Amp 4-Port Car Charger - White for LG X Style LS676. 2X Microfiber Cleaning Cloths - Size 6 x 7 for LG X Style LS676. 3X Microfiber Cleaning Cloths - Size 6 x 7 for LG X Style LS676. 4X Microfiber Cleaning Cloths - Size 6 x 7 for LG X Style LS676. 5X Microfiber Cleaning Cloths - Size 6 x 7 for LG X Style LS676. 6X Microfiber Cleaning Cloths - Size 6 x 7 for LG X Style LS676. Cellet 10 Watt/2.1 Amp Dual USB Fast Charging Wall Home Charger - White for LG X Style LS676. Cellet 5Watt (1Amp) Home Travel Wall Charger USB Port - Black for LG X Style LS676. Cellet Car Charger with 2 USB Ports and 1 Car Socket Lighter Adapter White/Gold for LG X Style LS676. Cellet High Powered Dual USB Port 10Watt (2.1Amp) Car Charger - Blue for LG X Style LS676. Cellet Low Profile 5Watt (1Amp) USB Car Charger - Purple for LG X Style LS676. 2-port White Round Earphone Splitter with 3.5 to 3.5 Plug for LG X Style LS676. Black Rotating Display Phone Holder Dock Office Desktop Stand for LG X Style LS676. Black Sports Activity Gym Running Walking Pack Pocket Belt Pouch Waist Wrap for LG X Style LS676. Black Sports Activity Gym Running Walking Pack Pocket Belt Pouch Wrap Clip for LG X Style LS676. Black Universal Phone Holder Dock Office Desktop Stand for LG X Style LS676. Black Universal Phone Slim Holder Dock Office Desktop Stand for LG X Style LS676. Black Universal Premium Slim Holder Dock Office Desktop Stand for LG X Style LS676. Blue Sports Activity Gym Running Walking Pack Pocket Belt Pouch Waist Wrap for LG X Style LS676. Cellet Universal Tablet & Phone CD Slot Mount for LG X Style LS676. Pink Sports Activity Gym Running Walking Pack Pocket Belt Pouch Waist Wrap for LG X Style LS676. Red Sports Activity Gym Running Walking Pack Pocket Belt Pouch Waist Wrap for LG X Style LS676. Silver Mobile Speakers for LG X Style LS676. Universal Bluetooth Wireless Headset with Neckband Earbuds for LG X Style LS676. Universal Mini Phone Attachment Clip Stand Ring Finger Holder Clock for LG X Style LS676. 1 - 2 - 3 - 4. CellPhoneCases.com 20555 Devonshire St Unit 233 Chatsworth, CA 91311. 
Our new search experience requires JavaScript to be enabled. Please enable JavaScript on your browser , then try again .. All Categories Antiques Art Baby Books Business & Industrial Cameras & Photo Cell Phones & Accessories Clothing, Shoes & Accessories Coins & Paper Money Collectibles Computers/Tablets & Networking Consumer Electronics Crafts Dolls & Bears DVDs & Movies eBay Motors Entertainment Memorabilia Gift Cards & Coupons Health & Beauty Home & Garden Jewelry & Watches Music Musical Instruments & Gear Pet Supplies Pottery & Glass Real Estate Specialty Services Sporting Goods Sports Mem, Cards & Fan Shop Stamps Tickets & Experiences Toys & Hobbies Travel Video Games & Consoles Everything Else. Hi ( Sign in to bid or buy) Daily Deals Gift Cards Help & Contact Sell. Summary Recently Viewed Bids/Offers Watch List Purchase History Selling Saved Searches Saved Sellers Messages. Refine your search for lg x style case. All Listings - Current page. Quickly compare offers in our new grouped view. results for lg x style case. Save lg x style case to get e-mail alerts and updates on your eBay Feed.. Unfollow lg x style case to stop getting updates on your eBay Feed.. You'll receive email and Feed alerts when new items arrive. Afghanistan - AFG Albania - ALB Algeria - DZA American Samoa - ASM Andorra - AND Angola - AGO Anguilla - AIA Antigua and Barbuda - ATG Argentina - ARG Armenia - ARM Aruba - ABW Australia - AUS Austria - AUT Azerbaijan Republic - AZE Bahamas - BHS Bahrain - BHR Bangladesh - BGD Barbados - BRB Belarus - BLR Belgium - BEL Belize - BLZ Benin - BEN Bermuda - BMU Bhutan - BTN Bolivia - BOL Bosnia and Herzegovina - BIH Botswana - BWA Brazil - BRA British Virgin Islands - VGB Brunei Darussalam - BRN Bulgaria - BGR Burkina Faso - BFA Burma - MMR Burundi - BDI Cambodia - KHM Cameroon - CMR Canada - CAN Cape Verde Islands - CPV Cayman Islands - CYM Central African Republic - CAF Chad - TCD Chile - CHL China - CHN Colombia - COL Comoros - COM Congo, Democratic Republic of the - COD Congo, Republic of the - COG Cook Islands - COK Costa Rica - CRI Cote d Ivoire (Ivory Coast) - CIV Croatia, Republic of - HRV Cyprus - CYP Czech Republic - CZE Denmark - DNK Djibouti - DJI Dominica - DMA Dominican Republic - DOM Ecuador - ECU Egypt - EGY El Salvador - SLV Equatorial Guinea - GNQ Eritrea - ERI Estonia - EST Ethiopia - ETH Falkland Islands (Islas Malvinas) - FLK Fiji - FJI Finland - FIN France - FRA French Guiana - GUF French Polynesia - PYF Gabon Republic - GAB Gambia - GMB Georgia - GEO Germany - DEU Ghana - GHA Gibraltar - GIB Greece - GRC Greenland - GRL Grenada - GRD Guadeloupe - GLP Guam - GUM Guatemala - GTM Guernsey - GGY Guinea - GIN Guinea-Bissau - GNB Guyana - GUY Haiti - HTI Honduras - HND Hong Kong - HKG Hungary - HUN Iceland - ISL India - IND Indonesia - IDN Ireland - IRL Israel - ISR Italy - ITA Jamaica - JAM Japan - JPN Jersey - JEY Jordan - JOR Kazakhstan - KAZ Kenya - KEN Kiribati - KIR Korea, South - KOR Kuwait - KWT Kyrgyzstan - KGZ Laos - LAO Latvia - LVA Lebanon - LBN Liechtenstein - LIE Lithuania - LTU Luxembourg - LUX Macau - MAC Macedonia - MKD Madagascar - MDG Malawi - MWI Malaysia - MYS Maldives - MDV Mali - MLI Malta - MLT Marshall Islands - MHL Martinique - MTQ Mauritania - MRT Mauritius - MUS Mayotte - MYT Mexico - MEX Micronesia - FSM Moldova - MDA Monaco - MCO Mongolia - MNG Montenegro - MNE Montserrat - MSR Morocco - MAR Mozambique - MOZ Namibia - NAM Nauru - NRU Nepal - NPL Netherlands - NLD Netherlands Antilles - ANT New Caledonia - NCL New Zealand - NZL Nicaragua - NIC Niger - NER Nigeria - NGA Niue - NIU Norway - NOR Oman - OMN Pakistan - PAK Palau - PLW Panama - PAN Papua New Guinea - PNG Paraguay - PRY Peru - PER Philippines - PHL Poland - POL Portugal - PRT Puerto Rico - PRI Qatar - QAT Reunion - REU Romania - ROU Russian Federation - RUS Rwanda - RWA Saint Helena - SHN Saint Kitts-Nevis - KNA Saint Lucia - LCA Saint Pierre and Miquelon - SPM Saint Vincent and the Grenadines - VCT San Marino - SMR Saudi Arabia - SAU Senegal - SEN Serbia - SRB Seychelles - SYC Sierra Leone - SLE Singapore - SGP Slovakia - SVK Slovenia - SVN Solomon Islands - SLB Somalia - SOM South Africa - ZAF Spain - ESP Sri Lanka - LKA Suriname - SUR Swaziland - SWZ Sweden - SWE Switzerland - CHE Taiwan - TWN Tajikistan - TJK Tanzania - TZA Thailand - THA Togo - TGO Tonga - TON Trinidad and Tobago - TTO Tunisia - TUN Turkey - TUR Turkmenistan - TKM Turks and Caicos Islands - TCA Tuvalu - TUV Uganda - UGA Ukraine - UKR United Arab Emirates - ARE United Kingdom - UK United States - USA Uruguay - URU Uzbekistan - UZB Vanuatu - VUT Vatican City State - VAT Venezuela - VEN Vietnam - VNM Virgin Islands (U.S) - VIR Wallis and Futuna - WLF Western Sahara - ESH Western Samoa - WSM Yemen - YEM Zambia - ZMB Zimbabwe - ZWE. For LG Tribute HD / X Style Case Hybrid Diamond Bling Defender Protective Cover. For LG X Style Tribute HD TUFF HYBRID Case Phone Cover Rose Gold Phoenix Flower. 5 new & refurbished from $8.79. Heavy Duty Shockproof Outdoor Sport Tough Armor Case Cover For LG G2 G3 G4 G5 G6. LG X Style / Tribute HD - Red Defender Armor Cover Case Belt Clip + Bundle. For LG X Venture X Calibur V9 Hybrid Bumper Hard TPU Phone Case Cover + Pen. For LG Cell Phone Motion Liquid Quicksand Glitter Flexible Rubber Case TPU Cover. US Luxury Metal Aluminum Frame Bumper Case + PC Mirror Back Cover For LG Phone. For LG X Style Tribute HD L53B L56VL Leather Flip Wallet Protective Case Cover. For LG [Tribute HD] [X Style] Glitter Star Flowing Water Liquid Soft Clear Case. LG Tribute HD / Volt 3 / X Style - HYBRID HARD&SOFT ARMOR CASE COVER BLUE WHITE. Slim Soft Silicone Shockproof TPU Case Cover+Screen Protector Film For LG Phones. For LG Tribute HD/X STYLE Black Tuff Hard Silicone Hybrid Rubberized Case Cover. 7 new & refurbished from $7.79. LG Tribute HD / X Style LS676 3D Cartoon Cherry Ice Cream Soft Silicone Case. For LG Tribute HD/LS676/X Style Hybrid Shockproof Slim Armor Defender Case Cover. Fashion Painted Pattern TPU Silicone Soft sFor LG Nexus 5X Case For LG Nexus 5X. For LG X Style Tribute HD L53B L56VL Leather Flip Wallet Protective Case Cover. New For LG Stylo 3/V20/K10/K8/K 4/K3 2017 Cute PU Leather Wallet Bag Case Cover. For LG Aristo 2 X210 / K8 2018 - Black Book Style Wallet Case Cover w Car Pocket. For LG Aristo 2 X210 / K8 2018 - Brown Book Style Wallet Case Cover w Car Pocket. For LG Tribute HD / LG X Style / LS676 Hybrid Armor Hard Rubber Phone Case Cover. For LG G3 G5 K4 K7 K8 K10 2017 Aluminum Metal Frame Mirror PC Phone Cover Case. LG Tribute HD / Volt 3 / X Style - HYBRID KICKSTAND ARMOR CASE COVER ROSE GOLD. NEW For LG X POWER 2 TPU&PC 2 in 1 Back Shell Bracket Full Cover Stand Case. Rose Gold with Black Military Grade Holster Hybrid Cover Phone Case LG X Charge. iPhone X Case, Pasonomi Wallet Case with Detachable SlimCase - [Folio Style]... LG Tribute HD / Volt 3 / X Style - HARD & SOFT HYBRID CASE BLUE BLACK KICKSTAND. 3D Cartoon Soft Silicone Gel Rubber Case Cover For LG X Power/Style/Ca m K7/10/8. LG Tribute HD / Volt 3 / X Style - HARD & SOFT HYBRID CASE RED BLACK KICKSTAND. NEW For LG X POWER 2 TPU&PC 2 in 1 Back Shell Bracket Full Cover Stand Case. LG Tribute HD / Volt 3 / X Style - HYBRID HEAVY DUTY CASE COVER BLACK KICKSTAND. Bling Glitter Crystal Clear Soft TPU Rubber Case For Samsung Huawei XiaoMi LG. LG Tribute HD / Volt 3 / X Style - HYBRID HEAVY DUTY CASE COVER BLUE KICKSTAND. 2-Layer Case LG LS676 Tribute HD L53BL L56VL K200 K200ds K200dsf K200MT X Style. Flip Case For LG LS676 Tribute HD L53BL L56VL K200 K200ds K200dsf K200MT X Style. 9 new & refurbished from $7.89. V Stand Case LG LS676 Tribute HD L53BL L56VL K200 K200ds K200dsf K200MT X Style. * 3-Lyr Case LG LS676 Tribute HD L53BL L56VL K200 K200ds K200dsf K200MT X Style. Magnet Case LG LS676 Tribute HD L53BL L56VL K200 K200ds K200dsf K200MT X Style. LG Tribute HD / Volt 3 / X Style - HYBRID HARD & SOFT ARMOR CASE COVER ALL BLACK. 7 new & refurbished from $7.39. Fashion Luxury Rose Gold Mirror Case For funda LG X Style K200DS Case shell Back. Natural Black Military Grade Armor Shield Hybrid Cover Phone Case LG X Charge. LG Tribute HD / Volt 3 / X Style - HYBRID HARD&SOFT ARMOR CASE COVER ROSE STRIPE. LG Tribute HD / Volt 3 / X Style - HARD TPU HYBRID CASE COVER GREEN ARMY CAMO. LG Tribute HD / Volt 3 / X Style L53B/L56VL - HYBRID ARMOR IMPACT CASE ROSE GOLD. LG Tribute HD / Volt 3 / X Style - HARD TPU HYBRID CASE COVER BLACK CARBON FIBER. LG Tribute HD / Volt 3 / X Style - HARD RUBBER HYBRID CASE COVER RED CROWN SKULL. LG Tribute HD / Volt 3 / X Style - Leather Card ID Wallet Folio Pouch Case Cover. LG Tribute HD / Volt 3 / X Style - HARD TPU RUBBER HYBRID SKIN CASE RAINBOW LION. For LG G4 G5 K7 K8 K10 Luxury Aluminum Metal Mirror PC Phone Cover Case. LG Tribute HD / Volt 3 / X Style - Black Hybrid Holster Case Cover + Belt Clip. LG Tribute HD / Volt 3 / X Style - HARD TPU HYBRID CASE COVER BLUE GREEN EIFFEL. LG Tribute HD LS676 / Volt 3 / X Style - HYBRID CASE COVER BLACK GRIP ARMOR SKIN. LG Tribute HD / Volt 3 / X Style - HARD TPU RUBBER CASE COVER PINK SHINY GLITTER. For LG Q6 G6 Hybrid Hard Protective Kickstand Slim Shockproof Phone Case Cover. For LG Tribute HD / X Style - Teal / Navy Blue Card ID Wallet Pouch Folio Case. for LG Phones - HORIZONTAL BLACK Leather Pouch Card Holder Belt Clip Loop Case. for LG Phones - BROWN Leather Pouch Holder Belt Clip Holster Carrying Case Cover. LG Tribute HD / LG Volt 3 / X Style - TPU Rubber Floating Liquid Waterfall Case. 2 new & refurbished from $7.85. For LG X Power LS755 US610 K450 Hybrid Shockproof Armor Kickstand Case Cover. For LG Tribute HD LS676 X Style K200F K200 L56VL LCD Screen Touch Digitizer W. For LG Aristo 2 / Stylo 3 / K20 Plus / V30 / V20 / G6. eBay determines this price through a machine learned model of the product's sale prices within the last 90 days.. eBay determines trending price through a machine learned model of the product’s sale prices within the last 90 days. "New" refers to a brand-new, unused, unopened, undamaged item, and "Used" refers to an item that has been used previously.. Top Rated Plus Sellers with highest buyer ratings Returns, money back Ships in a business day with tracking Learn More. Top Rated Plus Sellers with highest buyer ratings Returns, money back Ships in a business day with tracking Learn More. $ Enter minimum price to $ Enter maximum price. Please enter a minimum and/or maximum price before continuing.. Site Map Copyright © 1995-2018 eBay Inc. Accessibility , User Agreement , Privacy , Cookies and AdChoice Norton Secured - powered by Verisign. Number of bids and bid amounts may be slightly out of date. See each listing for international shipping options and costs.. 
Don't have an account? Sign up. Lg X Style Bolt Heavy-Duty Rugged Case, Holster and Screen Combo. Lg X Style Top Buckle Crossbody bag with shoulder strap and wristlet, Gray. Lg X Style Top Buckle Crossbody bag with shoulder strap and wristlet, Classic Black. Lg X Style Top Buckle Crossbody bag with shoulder strap and wristlet, Hazelnut. Lg X Style Top Buckle Crossbody bag with shoulder strap and wristlet, Turquoise. Lg X Style Vegan Suede Laser Cut Foldover Crossbody with Adjustable Strap, Navy Blue. Lg X Style Vegan Suede Diamond Laser Cut Crossbody with Adjustable Strap, Blush. Lg X Style Top Buckle Crossbody bag with shoulder strap and wristlet, Brown. Lg X Style Top Buckle Crossbody bag with shoulder strap and wristlet, Red. Lg X Style Studded Laser Cut Crossbody Bag Buckle Closure with Adjustable Strap, Taupe. Lg X Style Vegan Suede Laser Cut Envelope Crossbody Bag with Adjustable Strap, Camel. Lg X Style Vegan Suede Laser Cut Envelope Crossbody Bag with Adjustable Strap, Coral. Lg X Style Vegan Suede Laser Cut Envelope Crossbody Bag with Adjustable Strap, Gray. Lg X Style Vegan Suede Laser Cut Envelope Crossbody Bag with Adjustable Strap, Ivory. Lg X Style Vegan Suede Laser Cut Foldover Crossbody with Adjustable Strap, Blush. Lg X Style Vegan Suede Laser Cut Foldover Crossbody with Adjustable Strap, Camel. Lg X Style Vegan Suede Laser Cut Foldover Crossbody with Adjustable Strap, Cocoa Brown. Lg X Style Vegan Suede Laser Cut Foldover Crossbody with Adjustable Strap, Gray. Lg X Style Vegan Suede Diamond Laser Cut Crossbody with Adjustable Strap, Bone. Lg X Style Vegan Suede Diamond Laser Cut Horizontal Crossbody with Adjustable Strap, Black. Lg X Style Vegan Suede Diamond Laser Cut Horizontal Crossbody with Adjustable Strap, Bone. Lg X Style Vegan Suede Diamond Laser Cut Horizontal Crossbody with Adjustable Strap, Gray. Lg X Style Vegan Suede Diamond Laser Cut Horizontal Crossbody with Adjustable Strap, Navy Blue. Lg X Style Vegan Suede Flower Applique Crossbody with Adjustable and Detachable Strap, Cocoa Brown. Lg X Style Foldover Flap Crossbody Pouch with Back Pocket, Camel. Lg X Style Foldover Flap Crossbody Pouch with Back Pocket, Gray. Lg X Style Foldover Flap Crossbody Pouch with Back Pocket, Taupe. 
110% Low Price Guarantee + 90-Day Returns. All of your information is secured and transmitted utilizing the highest level of Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) encryption. LG X Style - Phone Wallets, Wristlets & Clutches. Alcatel Fierce 4 - TPU Case, Clear. Check Out Our Other Styles Below. LG X Style -Slim Suede Leather Clutch Wallet, Blue. LG X Style -Organizer Crossbody Bag with Card Slots, Brown. LG X Style -Fitness Armband, Black. Protects your from scratches and scrapes. Dimensions: 5.38(H) x 2.75(W) x 0.31(D) in.. LG X Style -Splash Guardz Waterproof Case with Lanyard, Blue. Universal fit for most mobile devices. Completely waterproof for up to 20 feet. Dimensions: 6 (H) x 3.2 (W) x 0.6 (D) in.. LG X Style -LUXMO EXEC Series Hand-Crafted Horizontal Leather Case with Belt Clip, Black. Executive Hand-Crafted Horizontal Leather Carrying Case. Dimensions: 3.3 (H) x 6.22 (W) x 0.6 (D) in.. LG X Style -Splash Guardz Waterproof Case with Lanyard, Lime Green. Universal fit for most mobile devices. Completely waterproof for up to 20 feet. Dimensions: 6 (H) x 3.2 (W) x 0.6 (D) in.. LG X Style -Bow clutch wallet with hideaway wristlet, Black. Carry all that you need in this fashionable clutch wallet. Crafted from soft-to-the-touch pebbled grain leatherette material. Unique bow design with metal hardware featured on front. Push button closure for ultimate security. Adjustable elastic inner strap to keep your phone secure. Includes multiple card slots and money pocket. LG X Style -Splash Guardz Waterproof Case with Lanyard, Orange. Universal fit for most mobile devices. Completely waterproof for up to 20 feet. Dimensions: 6 (H) x 3.2 (W) x 0.6 (D) in.. LG X Style -Bow clutch wallet with hideaway wristlet, Pink. Carry all that you need in this fashionable clutch wallet. Crafted from soft-to-the-touch pebbled grain leatherette material. Unique bow design with metal hardware featured on front. Push button closure for ultimate security. Adjustable elastic inner strap to keep your phone secure. Includes multiple card slots and money pocket. LG X Style -Luxmo Horizontal Marble Leather Carrying Case with Belt Clip, Black. Luxmo Black Horizontal Marble Leather Carrying Case. High-quality leatherette with reinforced stitching and sealed seams. Protects against minor bumps and shocks. Dimensions: 3.3 (H) x 6.22 (W) x 0.6 (D) in.. LG X Style -Oversized Premium Vertical Finished Leather Case, Black. Oversized Hand-Crafted Vertical Leather Carrying Case. Designed for the Device equipped with a heavy-duty or snap-on protective cover. Size: 5.19(H) x 2.99(W) x 0.86(D) in.. LG X Style -Bow clutch wallet with hideaway wristlet, Navy. Carry all that you need in this fashionable clutch wallet. Crafted from soft-to-the-touch pebbled grain leatherette material. Unique bow design with metal hardware featured on front. Push button closure for ultimate security. Adjustable elastic inner strap to keep your phone secure. Includes multiple card slots and money pocket. LG X Style -Genuine Leather Stitched Pieces Crossbody, Black. Removable & Adjustable crossbody strap for comfort and convenience. Dimensions: 4.1 (H) x 7.6 (W) x 0.8 (D) in. LG X Style -Organizer Crossbody Bag with Card Slots, Blue. LG X Style -LUXMO Hand-Crafted Horizontal Leather Smart Phone Case with Belt Clip, Black. Dimensions: 3.15 (H) x 6.1 (W) x 0.52 (D) in.. LG X Style -Extra Slim Snap Button Clutch wallet with Zipper, Rose Red. The luxurious suede material looks and feels amazing!. Features built-in card slots, zippered pouch and snap closure.. LG X Style -Snap Button Clutch Compact wallet with handle, Purple. LG X Style -Vegan Leather Laser-Cut Leaf Clutch wallet, Brown. Closure features metal golden leaf detail. Multiple interior card slots and compartments. LG X Style -Bow clutch wallet with hideaway wristlet, Gray. Carry all that you need in this fashionable clutch wallet. Crafted from soft-to-the-touch pebbled grain leatherette material. Unique bow design with metal hardware featured on front. Push button closure for ultimate security. Adjustable elastic inner strap to keep your phone secure. Includes multiple card slots and money pocket. LG X Style -Extra Slim Snap Button Clutch wallet with Zipper, Light Blue. The luxurious suede material looks and feels amazing!. Features built-in card slots, zippered pouch and snap closure.. LG X Style -Bow clutch wallet with hideaway wristlet, Light Pink. Carry all that you need in this fashionable clutch wallet. Crafted from soft-to-the-touch pebbled grain leatherette material. Unique bow design with metal hardware featured on front. Push button closure for ultimate security. Adjustable elastic inner strap to keep your phone secure. Includes multiple card slots and money pocket. LG X Style -Extra Slim Snap Button Clutch wallet with Zipper, Brown. The luxurious suede material looks and feels amazing!. Features built-in card slots, zippered pouch and snap closure.. LG X Style -Luxmo Horizontal Marble Leather Carrying Case with Belt Clip, Black. Luxmo Black Horizontal Marble Leather Carrying Case. High-quality leatherette with reinforced stitching and sealed seams. Interior lined with soft neoprene fabric. Protects against minor bumps and shocks. Dimensions: 3.3 (H) x 6.22 (W) x 0.6 (D) in.. LG X Style -Bow clutch wallet with hideaway wristlet, Red. Carry all that you need in this fashionable clutch wallet. Crafted from soft-to-the-touch pebbled grain leatherette material. Unique bow design with metal hardware featured on front. Push button closure for ultimate security. Adjustable elastic inner strap to keep your phone secure. Includes multiple card slots and money pocket. LG X Style -Armband Case, Purple. Protects your {brand-model} from scratches and scrapes. Dimensions: 4.6 (H) x 2.4 (W) x 0.5 (D) in.. LG X Style -Holiday Special Striped Horizontal LeatherCase with Belt Clip, Black. Dimensions: 2.3 (H) x 4.7 (W) x 0.6 (D) in.. LG X Style -Limited Edition Genuine Leather Wristlet Clutch Wallet with Phone Holder, Black. Envelope flap detail with stamped logo lettering. Inside: Three card slots, cash slot, phone slot and extra slot. 6.32"H x 3.64"W x .83"D.Phone slot actual dimensions. LG X Style -LUXMO EXECUTIVE SERIES LEATHER CARRYING CASE WITH BELT CLIP, BLACK. Dimensions: 3.46 (H) x 6.6 (W) x 0.31 (D) in.. LG X Style -Genuine Leather Shoulder / Crossbody Handbag, Brown. Small but spacious purse for going out. Firm magnetic snap flap closure keeps contents safe. Three interior pockets hold your phone and other accessories. Zippered pocket accommodates change and other small items. Crossbody strap can adjust to your convenience for various ways to wear. LG X Style -Splash Guardz Waterproof Case with Lanyard, Red. Universal fit for most mobile devices. Completely waterproof for up to 20 feet. Dimensions: 6 (H) x 3.2 (W) x 0.6 (D) in.. LG X Style -Limited Edition Genuine Leather Wristlet Clutch Wallet with Phone Holder, Brown. Envelope flap detail with stamped logo lettering. Inside: Three card slots, cash slot, phone slot and extra slot. 6.32"H x 3.64"W x .83"D.Phone slot actual dimensions. LG X Style -Bow clutch wallet with hideaway wristlet, Brown. Carry all that you need in this fashionable clutch wallet. Crafted from soft-to-the-touch pebbled grain leatherette material. Unique bow design with metal hardware featured on front. Push button closure for ultimate security. Adjustable elastic inner strap to keep your phone secure. Includes multiple card slots and money pocket. LG X Style -Slim Suede Leather Clutch Wallet, Purple. LG X Style -Organizer Crossbody Bag with Card Slots, Forest Green. LG X Style -Genuine Leather Hand-Crafted Snake-Skin Double Zipper Clutch Wallet, Purple. LG X Style -Snap Button Clutch Compact wallet with handle, Hot Pink. 
Ver todos los videos en YouTube. LG X style: Características y especificaciones. El LG X style es un smartphone Android con características como una pantalla HD de 5 pulgadas, procesador quad-core Snapdragon 410, 1.5GB de RAM, 16GB de almacenamiento interno expandible vía microSD, cámara principal de 8 megapixels con flash LED, cámara frontal de 5 megapixels, batería de 2100 mAh, conectividad LTE y corre Android 6.0 Marshmallow.. LG X style Características principales. Android 6.0.1 es el sistema operativo del LG X style. , que en cuanto a dimensiones tiene un perfil de 6.9 mm. y un peso de 121 g.. En cuanto a sus características técnicas , el LG X style tiene una pantalla de 5" con una resolución de 720 x 1280 pixels.. Dentro del LG X style encontramos un procesador Snapdragon 210 1.3GHz, acompañado de 1.5GB de memoria RAM.. También cuenta con 16GB de almacenamiento. y la memoria interna puede ser ampliada vía microSD. La cámara trasera del LG X style tiene una resolución de 8 MP. , y la energía es provista por una batería de 2100 mAh. .El LG X style también tiene Radio FM. Pantalla 5", 720 x 1280 pixels Procesador Snapdragon 210 1.3GHz 1.5GB RAM. 16GB, microSD Cámara: 8 MP. OS: Android 6.0.1 Perfil: 6.9 mm Peso: 121 g. Reviews de usuarios del LG X style. basado en 1 experiencias. Pantalla grande (5.3") Conectividad 4G LTE Buena densidad de pixels (277ppi). LG X style características avanzadas. Mas opiniones del LG X style. Opina sobre el LG X style. GSM 850 / 900 / 1800 / 1900 - HSDPA 850 / 900 / 1900 / 2100 - LTE 1(2100), 3(1800), 7(2600), 8(900), 20(800). 144.8 x 71.4 x 6.9 mm. LCD IPS touchscreen capacitivo, 16M colores. 720 x 1280 pixels, 5.0 pulgadas. - Sensor acelerómetro para auto rotación. - Sensor de proximidad para auto apagado. - Conector de audio 3.5 mm. Entradas y campos prácticamente ilimitados, Foto de llamada. - 16GB memoria interna, 1.5GB RAM. - Procesador Qualcomm MSM8909 Snapdragon 210 quad-core 1.3GHz, GPU Adreno 304. SMS, MMS, Email, Push Mail, IM. 8 MP, autofocus, flash LED, foco táctil, detección de rostro y sonrisa, geo-tagging, video 1080p@30fps, cámara frontal 5 MP 720p. - GPS con soporte A-GPS y GLONASS. - 3G HSDPA 42Mbps / HSUPA 5.76Mbps. - Wi-Fi 802.11 b/g/n; Wi-Fi Direct. Opiniones y Comentarios LG X style. Hay 132 opiniones del LG X style .. Me parece un muy buen celular, es del tamaño perfecto, ningún problema con las redes, en mi caso si se recalienta (en realidad creo que es para que me asuste y no sea tan viciosa), carga rápido, eso sí se descarga rápido la batería, pero no hay problema porque ahora existen las baterias portatiles, en el resto todo está muy bien. hola, puedes decirme cual era la falla? acabo de comprar uno y calienta demasiado.. Hola todos! Mi opinión es la siguiente: Tengo 6 meses con un LG X Style, y la neta es una reverenda porquería. 1) La batería se descarga muuuy rápido, tanto que lo cargo hasta dos veces al día. 2) La conexión a internet es pésima, tengo un excelente WiFi y es una lucha diaria para que conecte a cualquier página o app. 3) La cámara se me congela cada vez que quiero tomar una foto, y hasta que lo apago por tercera vez, sólo así funciona. 4) El audio es nefasto, de nuevo estaba increíble, pero ahora la música, mensajes de audio y llamadas casi no se escuchan. 5) Cada vez que quiero mandar un mensaje de audio por Whatsapp, no se escucha absolutamente nada de lo que garbé, pero cuando me mandan a mí un audio o me llaman sí me escuchan. 6) Varias veces mientras lo estoy usando la pantalla se pone totalmente negra y ha permanecido así hasta 15min, solamente apagando y volviendo a prender el celular ha funcionado. Honestamente ha sido de los peores celulares que he tenido, el que más problemas me ha dado. Lo peor de todo es que fue unregalo y la persona que me lo dio no tiene la nota como para ir a Telcel y me digan que es lo que le pasa....Creo que ya valí! CERO RECOMENDADO!. Me paso lo mismo y ya encontre la falla. Apenas acabo de adquirir este teléfono es usadito pero esta impecable, tiene apenas y la pila se descarga muy rápido. Sobretodo cuando navego en internet, he tenido otros teléfonos de la misma marca y con ninguno me había esto, pero cuando esta inactivo no se baja casi nada y quiero saber si es conveniente comprar otra pila nueva o se debe a la capacidad de la bateria que en este caso es 2100 mAh esa es mi duda. Cada vez que veo videos ya sea grabados x la camara ooo videos de youtube se pausan solos despues de 10 o 15 minutos alguien sabe la razon porfavor ayudenme es muy molesto y no escuentro la razon es un lg xstyle. No tengo ni un año con este teléfono LG y la batería ya se baja muy rapido a que se debe???. URGENTE, AYUDA...!!! Tengo un LG x style cuando entro a la camara todos los iconos dentro de la camara se giran estúpidamente y si tomo fotos y entro a verlas aparecen al reves, tambien cuando descargo juegos de sensor no juego porque tambien se pone loco. Ya lo formatie y el problema persiste. Me ha funcionado muy bien el equipo, pero estoy intentando bajar la información que tengo guardada en el cel y no lo reconoce mi lap... saben como se llama el archivo que debo bajar a mi lap para que sea reconocido el cel?? Gracias de antemano.. Ver todas las Opiniones del LG X style - Total de opiniones de usuarios: 132. Tu experiencia o preguntas sobre el LG X style. - Sé preciso en la pregunta sobre el LG X style. - Cuenta tus experiencias positivas y negativas. - No insultes, ni uses palabras groseras, si es así probablemente tu opinión se elimine. - Recuerda que smartGSM NO vende móviles ni celulares. Tu opinión vale! Recomienda (o no!) al LG X style a otros usuarios. LG X style se deja ver en nuevo video promocional. LG X Style y LG X Power aparecen exhibidos en Ucrania. Sony presenta dos nuevos flagships con nuevo lenguaje de diseño: los esperados Sony Xperia XZ2 y Xperia XZ2 Compact. Una alternativa más confiable para desbloquear la pantalla del Samsung Galaxy S9/S9+: Intelligent Scan. Dos propuestas de mediana a baja gama de ZTE: Blade V9 y Blade V9 VITA, dos modelos con ligeras diferencias. Podría ocurrir que se repitan en otro lado, pero las cámaras del Samsung Galaxy S9/S9+ son algo único. Presentación oficial: el Samsung Galaxy S9/S9+ no viene con muchas sorpresas, pero igualmente deslumbra. SmartGSM es una de las comunidades de habla hispana más grandes sobre teléfonos celulares. Fundado en el 2004, smartGSM cubre todas las noticias y novedades sobre telefonía móvil y provee características de teléfonos celulares, smartphones, tablets y wearables. smartGSM cuenta con una comunidad de usuarios que reflejan sus experiencias, opiniones y críticas sobre teléfonos celulares y tablets.. Las especificaciones de los celulares son a título informativo y pueden variar. smartGSM no se responsabiliza del uso de las mismas.. Copyright © 2004 - 2018 smart-gsm.com. 
LG PC Suite for Mac and Windows. LG Android USB device Drivers – Download LG USB drivers for Windows Computers. Latest LG Phones Firmware Update [USA]. Latest LG Phones Firmware Update [Canada]. LG Phones Software Update history -Australia. Latest LG Phones firmware Update [Global]. Home News Carrier AT & T Verizon Wireless T-mobile USA Sprint MetroPCS U.S. Cellular Download LG PC Suite for Mac and Windows LG Software & tools Download LG Android USB device Drivers – Download LG USB drivers for Windows Computers User Manual / Guide Official Stock ROM / Firmware Firmware Update Latest LG Phones Firmware Update [USA] Latest LG Phones Firmware Update [Canada] LG Phones Software Update history -Australia Latest LG Phones firmware Update [Global] Upcoming LG Phones. LG X Style L56VL user manual / guide. in User Manual / Guide on September 17, 2016 - by LGfan. This is the LG X Style L56VL official user manual in English provided from the manufacture.. Straight Talk will launch a new android phone called the LG X Style (L56VL). It sports a 5.0 inch screen and runs on Marshmallow 6.0.1. It has a Quad-core processor, 5mp camera and uses the Verizon 4G LTE network.. The LG X Style L56VL suppose to be coming out sometime for Tracfone & Net10 as well.. Download LG X Style L56VL user manual / guide. You can also find the online interative LG L56VL Tutorials at this page.. Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window). Tagged With: L56VL , LG X Style , LG X Style L56VL user manual. LG Cell Phones Firmware Update History. LG Cell Phone Tips & Tricks. LG LM L413DL User manual / Guide This is the official LG LM [...]. T-mobile LG V30 H932 software Update: H93210d T-mobile and LG recently released the [...]. LG aristo 2 now available from MetroPCS with a price tag of $60 only MetroPCS official announced the price and [...]. User Manual / Guide (202). New Upcoming LG Phones 2016 (42). We are not official affiliate with LG. 
The maximum number of products that can be compared is 3. Please select at least 2 items to compare.. Your session is about to timeout due to inactivity. Click OK to extend your time for an additional 30 minutes.. Here's to trendsetting and making a statement. To all-day productivity and all-night playtime. With impeccable style, flawless photo capture, and peak performance, the X style&trade; is the eXceptional device you seek. Ready to shop for the hottest devices?. Enter the zip code of the area where you will be using your Total Wireless device the most.. Enter the zip code of the area where you will be using your Total Wireless device the most.. This item has been successfully added to your list.. Please select a language and currency. Save $20 Now! Hurry before they are gone!. Save $20 Now! Hurry before they are gone!. bvseo-msg: The resource to the URL or file is currently unavailable.;. Talk time up to 9 Hrs. Internal Memory 8GB ROM + 1.5GB RAM. 5.7''(H) x 2.8''(W) x 0.2''(D) inches. Here's to trendsetting and making a statement. To all-day productivity and all-night playtime. With impeccable style, flawless photo capture, and peak performance, the X style™ is the eXceptional device you seek. In the next step, you will have the option to bundle your Phone with one of our no-contract plans.. Plans are not returnable or refundable. Text LGL56VL to 611611 for mobile tutorials.. bvseo-msg: The resource to the URL or file is currently unavailable.;. 5.7''(H) x 2.8''(W) x 0.2''(D) inches. Hearing Aid Compatible (HAC) Rating: M3/T3. Talk time up to 9 Hrs. Services Guide and Quick User Guide.. Plans are not returnable or refundable. Text LGL56VL to 611611 for mobile tutorials.. Own your phone after completing the payment period. Drops, liquid, spills, and cracked screens. Damage due to dust, heat, and humidity. Not all applications are approved for $2000 of equipment, or 90 day BuyOut option. Lease terms vary and customers receive 6,8,10,12,18 and 24 month offers. With Early Payoff, you save on total fees paid.. Select the right plan for you. The good news is you can't go wrong with any of them.. BLUETOOTH Bluetooth® 4.1 Wireless Technology. BATTERY Talk time up to 9 Hrs. PROCESSOR 1.3 GHz Quad-Core Processor. MEMORY Internal Memory 8GB ROM + 1.5GB RAM. DIMENSION 5.7''(H) x 2.8''(W) x 0.2''(D) inches. 0 GB Unlimited Nationwide Talk & Text. Includes a 30 Day Service Plan card to get you started which provides: Unlimited Nationwide Talk & Text 1 Line/Device Only No Data included 30 Service Days Nationwide Coverage on America's Largest Most Reliable Network No Contract, No Hidden Fees Keep Your Number or Get a New One Compatible with Total Wireless Phones Will Not Work with the Total Wireless Mobile Hotspot. 5 GB 5 GB 4G LTE† Data. Includes a 30 Day Service Plan card to get you started which provides: 5 GB 4G LTE† Data Unlimited Nationwide Talk & Text 1 Line/Device Only 30 Service Days Nationwide Coverage on America's Largest Most Reliable Network No Contract, No Hidden Fees Keep Your Number or Get a New One Compatible with Total Wireless Phones. 15 GB 15 GB of Shared* 4G LTE† Data. Includes a 30 Day Family Plan card with Shared* Data Option to get you started which provides: 15 GB of Shared* 4G LTE† Data Unlimited Nationwide Talk & Text Up to 2 Lines/Devices 30 Service Days Nationwide Coverage on America's Largest Most Reliable Network No Contract, No Activation Fee, No Hidden Fees Keep Your Number or Get a New One Compatible with Total Wireless Phones & Total Wireless Mobile Hotspot. 20 GB 20 GB of Shared* 4G LTE† Data. Includes a 30 Day Family Plan card with Shared* Data Option to get you started which provides: 20 GB of Shared* 4G LTE† Data Unlimited Nationwide Talk & Text Up to 3 Lines/Devices 30 Service Days Nationwide Coverage on America's Largest Most Reliable Network No Contract, No Activation Fee, No Hidden Fees Keep Your Number or Get a New One Compatible with Total Wireless Phones & Total Wireless Mobile Hotspot. 25 GB 25 GB of Shared* 4G LTE† Data. Includes a 30 Day Family Plan card with Shared* Data Option to get you started which provides: 25 GB of Shared* 4G LTE† Data Unlimited Nationwide Talk & Text Up to 4 Lines/Devices 30 Service Days Nationwide Coverage on America's Largest Most Reliable Network No Contract, No Activation Fee, No Hidden Fees Keep Your Number or Get a New One Compatible with Total Wireless Phones & Total Wireless Mobile Hotspot. I don't need a Service Plan.. I want to pay full price without a plan.. $79.99 + Taxes & Shipping. Save $20 Now! Hurry before they are gone!. We will send you an email when this product becomes available.. There was an error submitting your email. We are sorry but this device is not available currently!. Please add your email and we will notify you when this device can be purchased:. *TETHERING TO ANOTHER DEVICE IS PROHIBITED. Please refer to your terms and conditions.. WE NOTICE YOU CURRENTLY HAVE SERVICE UNTIL. Please know as part of your Phone Monthly Payment Plan Agreement with SmartPay you need to maintain active service. If your service does not remain active during this period, SmartPay will automatically purchase your current monthly service plan.. WE NOTICE YOU CURRENTLY ENROLLED IN AUTO-REFILL. Please know as part of your Phone Monthly Payment Plan Agreement with SmartPay you need to maintain active service. If your service does not remain active during this period, SmartPay will automatically purchase your current monthly service plan.. YOU HAVE TOO MANY ITEMS IN YOUR CART. Sorry, we can't process Phone Monthly Payment Plan items together with current items in your cart. Before proceeding, we need to clear your cart.. YOU HAVE TOO MANY ITEMS IN YOUR CART. This item cannot be added to your current cart. Please complete the checkout of your current cart and then add this item to the cart again.. Pre-order this item today and we'll ship it as soon as it's available. We'll email you when it's on the way and you won't be charged until it's shipped.. Total Wireless reserves the right to terminate your service for unauthorized or abnormal usage. Plan, features, coverage and limitations may vary. Please refer always to the latest Terms and Conditions of Service at TotalWireless.com.. *The 30-Day cycle for Shared Data Family Plans begins on the day the first line/device is activated. Any line(s)/device(s) activated later in the first 30-Day cycle will receive only the number of days remaining in that cycle. † To get 4G LTE speed where available you must have a 4G LTE capable device and a 4G LTE SIM card. Actual availability, coverage and speed may vary. LTE is a trademark of ETSI.. §The $10 Global Calling Card must be combined with another Total Wireless Service Plan to work. Calls must originate from the U.S. Calls are billed in one-minute increments. Rates are subject to change without prior notice. Airtime expires after 180 days of last use or 30 days after your Total Wireless Service is suspended. 
Compare Cell Phone Plans Prepaid Plans Reviews Carrier Reviews Cell Phone Reviews Guides & Advice Get out of contract How much data do I need? 15 Ways to Lower Your Bill All Articles & Guides Discuss Q&A Forum. Compare Credit Cards All Cards Rewards Cash Back Travel Balance Transfer Low Interest Zero Percent Business Student Secured. Mobile Cell Phones Tablets e-Readers Bluetooth Headsets USB Car Chargers USB Charging Stations FM Transmitters Battery Packs Bluetooth Trackers AUDIO / VIDEO Airplay Speakers Bluetooth Speakers Smart Speakers Bluetooth Headphones Headphones Media Streamers. CAMERAS Action Cameras 360 Degree Cameras WEARABLES Smartwatches Fitness Trackers. Community Join (Free Membership) Login About Us Informr Score Newsletter. LG released the X Style on September 30, 2016.. The X Style price will vary depending on retailer, age, special offers and whether or not it's purchased with a service plan. If purchased with a 2 year service contract for example, you would likely pay much less for the phone itself up front. You can compare LG X Style prices from around the web here on The Informr.. Where can I download the X Style manual?. We've got you covered! Download a free PDF copy of the LG X Style user manual here .. How long is the warranty period?. LG backs up the X Style with a 1 Year parts & labour warranty.. Where can should I go for support, replacement or repairs?. If your X Style has problems and is still within its warranty period, you could contact LG support or the retailer you purchased the phone from. You'll find LG's contact information here. If your phone is off warranty and needs repair for a physical problem such as a broken screen or bad battery, you should visit an authorized service centre or a local phone repair shop. You can also connect with others in The Informr Community Forum to find and share answers to questions.. 1 Is my LG L56VL compatable with sync?. Maybe one of your friends will find this review helpful? Please help us spread the word.. The LG X Style's screen size is 5 inches with 720 x 1280 pixels resolution.. There is a Qualcomm MSM8909 Snapdragon Quad core 1.3 GHz processor (CPU).. The phone runs on the Android 6.0.1 Marshmallow operating system (OS).. You can take photos or capture video with the phone's onboard 5+ megapixel camera.. There is also a secondary front facing camera with 5+ megapixels resolution.. An external, MicroSD, MicroSDHC (up to 32 GB) expansion slot is available for increased storage capacity.. The phone is powered by a Lithium-Ion (Li-Ion), 2100 mAh battery. LG 's performance ratings are 10 days standby time, 1 minutes.. Qualcomm MSM8909 Snapdragon Quad core 1.3 GHz. Head: 0.81 W/kg Body: 1.11 W/kg. Data Cable, Manual, Standard Battery, USB Power Adapter. Dimensions [H x W x D]. 14.5 x 7.1 x 0.7 cm (5.7 x 2.8 x 0.3 in). Ambient Light, Proximity, Motion / Accelerometer. A2DP, AVRCP, OPP/FTP, HID, HFP, HSP. MicroSD, MicroSDHC (up to 32 GB). Auto focus, Effects, Face detection, Geotagging, Multi-shot, Panorama, Self-timer, Voice activation. 3GP / 3GPP, 3G2 / 3GPP2, H.264 / AVC, MPEG-4, AVI, MKV. MIDI, MP3, eAAC+, AAC+, AAC, AMR, WAV, M4A, OGG. 3GP / 3GPP, 3G2 / 3GPP2, H.264 / AVC, MPEG-4, AVI, MKV. Manual (PDF) Where to buy LG X Style. GSM: 850/900/1800/1900 MHz. LTE: 1700/1900/700/850 MHz Data: GPRS, EDGE, HSUPA, HSPA+, LTE. Help inform others by sharing your experience with LG X Style. Darn, there are no reviews yet for. Be the first to write a review .. LG X style : Official Product Video (Full ver.). LG X style : Spider Web Test. Review LG X Style K200 DS. LG X Style Unboxing And First Look.. LG X Style | Slim and stylish design. LG X Style ( Tribute HD ) Vs LG X Power ( Volt 3 ). How to Install Android Nougat on LG X style (Android 7.1.1/CM14.1). Repair IMEI LG X Style [K200MT]. Unlock LG X Style [K200MT] by Octoplus. LG X STYLE SIMPLE MOBILE UNBOXING/FIRST IMPRESSION. LG X Style - IFA 2016. About Us Contact Advertise Privacy Terms. We want you to know that The Informr is an independent resource. you with the most accurate information and keep things up to date, prices and terms of products. We encourage you to always do your own research and double check the. Using the information on this site is at your own risk and without warranty.. You should also know that in some cases, we may receive compensation when you click on links or. purchase through links on this site. This is at no extra cost to you. business and keep the service free for everyone. 
