16GB 1.5GB RAM storage, microSD card slot. GSM 850 / 900 / 1800 / 1900. HSDPA 850 / 900 / 1900 / 2100. 151.6 x 76.9 x 7.2 mm (5.97 x 3.03 x 0.28 in). IPS LCD capacitive touchscreen, 16M colors. 5.5 inches, 83.4 cm 2 (~71.5% screen-to-body ratio). 720 x 1280 pixels, 16:9 ratio (~267 ppi density). Wi-Fi 802.11 a/b/g/n/ac, dual-band, WiFi Direct, hotspot. SMS(threaded view), MMS, Email, Push Mail, IM. We can not guarantee that the information on this page is 100% correct. LG X max - user opinions and reviews. Sim card don't read cdma card. Could you please share its stock wallpapers if you have it?. Samsung Apple Nokia Sony LG HTC Motorola Huawei Microsoft Lenovo Xiaomi Google Acer Asus Oppo OnePlus Meizu BlackBerry Alcatel ZTE Toshiba Vodafone Energizer XOLO Lava Micromax BLU Gionee vivo LeEco Panasonic HP YU verykool Maxwest Plum. Sony Xperia L1 Samsung Galaxy J5 (2017) LG K10 (2017) LG X power Xiaomi Mi 3 Huawei Y5 (2017). LG V30 LG G6 LG Q6 LG V20 LG G5 LG K10 (2018). 
Select the department you want to search in. Sign in Account & Lists Sign in Account & Lists Orders Try Prime Cart. Your Amazon.com Today's Deals Gift Cards Registry Sell Help Disability Customer Support. 1-16 of over 4,000 results for "LG X Max". USB Cable Type C,10FT 2PACK,Extra Long Braided Charging Cord,FAST Charger Cable For Samsung Galaxy Note 8 S8 Plus,Google Pixel 2 XL,LG V30 V20 G6 G5,Moto Z X4,ZTE Blade ZMax X,Sony,HTC U11+,OnePlus 5T. Force,Z2 Play,Z Play;ZTE Blade X ,Z Max ,Spark,XL,Zpad,V8 Pro,Grand X 4 .... USB Type C Cable,2PACK 6FT,Fast Charger Cable,Long Nylon Charging Cord for Samsung Galaxy Note 8 S8 S8 Plus,LG V30 G6 V20 G5,Google Pixel 2 XL,Moto Z2 Z,HTC U11 U11 Plus,OnePlus 5 5T,ZTE Blade Zmax X. ZMax Pro, Axon 7, Nubia Z11 Max , Grand X 3, grand Max 2, Axon Max .... LG X MAX (K240F) UNLOCKED QUADBAND GSM 3G,4G,LTE FULL TOUCH SCREEN ANDROID PHONE. USB Type C Charger Cable 6.6FT, Nylon Braided USB 3.0 Fast Charging Cord for Samsung Galaxy Note 8 S8 Plus, LG V30 V20 G6 G5, Google Pixel 2 XL, HTC U11, ZTE Blade Zmax X, And More (Black/1-Pack). 950 XL, Lenovo ZUK Z2 ZTE Blade Z Max , Axon 7s, Nubia M2 and more Note .... Type-C USB Charger Cord 6ft 3pack USB 2.0 Cable for Nextbit Robin, Zte Blade Zmax / Spark / MAX DUO LTE / Grand X Max 2 X3 / Wrap / Axon 7 / Zmax Pro Champ, LG V30, Moto Z Play / Force. Samsung Galaxy S8/S8 Plus, LG G6/G5/V20, Google Pixel/Pixel XL .... TYPE C, Asstar [3 Pack] 10FT Nylon Braided Long Cord-usb Data Charge Charging Cable for ZTE Zmax Pro Z981/Samsung Galaxy S8,S8 plus/HTC Bolt/Google Pixel/Pixel XL, Nexus 6p/5X,LG G5 (Black). 6P - Samsung Galaxy S8,S8 plus - LG G5, LG G6 - Microsoft Lumia 950 / .... TYPE C, Asstar [3 Pack] 10FT Nylon Braided Long Cord-usb Data Charge Charging Cable for ZTE Zmax Pro Z981/Oneplus Three / OnePlus 3T/HTC Bolt/Google Pixel/Pixel XL, Nexus 6p/5X,LG G5. 6P - Samsung Galaxy S8,S8 plus - LG G5, LG G6 - Microsoft Lumia 950 / .... USB Type C Cable, [3pack 10FT]Extra Long Braided Cord USB C-A Charger Cable with Reversible Connector for ZTE Zmax Pro, Galaxy Galaxy Note 8, S8, S8 Plus, LG G6/V20, Google Pixel XL (Sliver). Switch 2017, Galaxy S8(plus), LG G5/G6, LG V20, Nexus 5x/6p .... TYPE C, Asstar [3 Pack] 6FT Nylon Braided Long Cord-usb Data Charge Charging Cable for ZTE Zmax Pro Z981/Oneplus Three / OnePlus 3T/HTC Bolt/Google Pixel/Pixel XL, Nexus 6p/5X,LG G5. 6P - Samsung Galaxy S8,S8 plus - LG G5, LG G6 - Microsoft Lumia 950 / .... TYPE C, Asstar [3 Pack] 3FT Nylon Braided Long Cord-usb Data Charge Charging Cable for ZTE Zmax Pro Z981/Oneplus Three / OnePlus 3T/HTC Bolt/Google Pixel/Pixel XL, Nexus 6p/5X,LG G5. 6P - Samsung Galaxy S8,S8 plus - LG G5, LG G6 - Microsoft Lumia 950 / .... ZTE Grand X Max 2 Case, ZTE Imperial Max Case For Girls, Tekcoo [TFlower] Transparent Cute Lovely Adorable Clear Hard TPU Skin Scratch-Proof Bumper Cover Cases For ZTE Max Dual Pro / Kirk -Rose Gold. ZTE Grand X Max 2 Case, Tekcoo TFlower Series Transparent Cute Shock .... ASUS ZenFone 4 Max 5.2-inch HD 2GB RAM, 16GB storage LTE Unlocked Dual SIM Cell Phone, US Warranty, Black (ZC520KL-S425-2G16G-BK). Only 2 left in stock - order soon.. $119.24 (11 used &amp new offers). Product Features 5.2-Inch HD (1280 x 720) display and 400 nits brightness for easy viewing. Premium PU Leather Vertical Case Executive Holster Belt Clip Pouch for LG G5 / LG Stylo 2 V / Stylus 2 / LG V20 / V10 / LG K7 K10 / LG U / LG X Power / LG X5 / LG X Max / Match (Black). Only 5 left in stock - order soon.. USB C Charger Cable, CIKOO 10Ft Nylon Braided Type C USB Data Sync Fast Charging Cable for Galaxy Note 8 S8, Oneplus 3T 5 5T, Google Pixel, Moto Z Play Force, LG G6 G5 V20 Nexus 5X 6P, ZTE Zmax Pro. Note 8, Galaxy S8, Galaxy S8 Plus, LG G6,G5,V20, LG Nexus 5X ,Huawei P9/ .... Portable Charger 10000mah,Puridea S2 Blue External Battery Pack (Max 3A Output ,Li-polymer Power Bank) for iPhone X/ 8/ 7/ 6/ Plus/ 5/ SE, iPad, Samsung, LG, Google Pixel and More. Output current can be reach 3.0A ( Max ), Input current is 2A, this will .... USB Type C Charger Cable 6.6FT, Nylon Braided USB 3.0 Fast Charging Cord for Samsung Galaxy Note 8 S8 Plus, LG V30 V20 G6 G5, Google Pixel 2 XL, HTC U11, ZTE Blade Zmax X, And More (Silver/1-Pack). 950 XL, Lenovo ZUK Z2 ZTE Blade Z Max , Axon 7s, Nubia M2 and more Note .... 4 Stars & Up & Up. 3 Stars & Up & Up. 2 Stars & Up & Up. 1 Star & Up & Up. All customers get FREE Shipping on orders over $25 shipped by Amazon. Cell Phone Cases, Holsters & Clips. Stereo 1/4-inch & 1/8-inch Jack Cables. There's a problem loading this menu right now.. Get fast, free shipping with Amazon Prime. Prime members enjoy FREE Two-Day Shipping and exclusive access to music, movies, TV shows, original audio series, and Kindle books.. Careers About Amazon Investor Relations Amazon Devices. Sell on Amazon Sell Your Services on Amazon Sell on Amazon Business Sell Your Apps on Amazon Become an Affiliate Advertise Your Products Self-Publish with Us › See all. Amazon Rewards Visa Signature Cards Amazon.com Store Card Amazon.com Corporate Credit Line Shop with Points Credit Card Marketplace Reload Your Balance Amazon Currency Converter. Your Account Your Orders Shipping Rates & Policies Amazon Prime Returns & Replacements Manage Your Content and Devices Amazon Assistant Help. Amazon Music Stream millions of songs. Amazon Drive Cloud storage from Amazon. 6pm Score deals on fashion brands. AbeBooks Books, art & collectibles. ACX Audiobook Publishing Made Easy. Alexa Actionable Analytics for the Web. Amazon Business Everything For Your Business. AmazonFresh Groceries & More Right To Your Door. AmazonGlobal Ship Orders Internationally. Home Services Handpicked Pros Happiness Guarantee. Amazon Inspire Digital Educational Resources. Amazon Rapids Fun stories for kids on the go. Amazon Restaurants Food delivery from local restaurants. Amazon Video Direct Video Distribution Made Easy. Amazon Web Services Scalable Cloud Computing Services. Audible Download Audio Books. AudiobookStand Discount Audiobooks on Disc. Book Depository Books With Free Delivery Worldwide. Box Office Mojo Find Movie Box Office Data. ComiXology Thousands of Digital Comics. CreateSpace Indie Print Publishing Made Easy. DPReview Digital Photography. East Dane Designer Men's Fashion. Fabric Sewing, Quilting & Knitting. Goodreads Book reviews & recommendations. IMDb Movies, TV & Celebrities. IMDbPro Get Info Entertainment Professionals Need. Junglee.com Shop Online in India. Kindle Direct Publishing Indie Digital Publishing Made Easy. Prime Now FREE 2-Hour Delivery on Everyday Items. Prime Photos Unlimited Photo Storage Free With Prime. Shopbop Designer Fashion Brands. TenMarks.com Math Activities for Kids & Schools. Warehouse Deals Open-Box Discounts. Whole Foods Market America’s Healthiest Grocery Store. Withoutabox Submit to Film Festivals. Woot! Deals and Shenanigans. Zappos Shoes & Clothing. Souq.com Shop Online in the Middle East. Subscribe with Amazon Discover & try subscription services. Conditions of Use Privacy Notice Interest-Based Ads © 1996-2018, Amazon.com, Inc. 
Ver todos los videos en YouTube. LG X max: Características y especificaciones. El LG X max cuenta con una pantalla HD de 5.5 pulgadas, procesador quad-core a 1.3GHz, 16GB de almacenamiento interno, cámara principal de 13 megapixels, cámara frontal de 5 megapixels, y corre Android 6.0.1 Marshmallow.. Reviews de usuarios del LG X max. basado en 1 experiencias. Conectividad 4G LTE Pantalla grande (5.5"). LG X max características avanzadas. Mas opiniones del LG X max. Opina sobre el LG X max. GSM 850 / 900 / 1800 / 1900 - HSDPA 850 / 900 / 1900 / 2100 - LTE 700 / 1700 / 2600 / 850 / 1900. 151.6 x 76.9 x 7.2 mm. LCD IPS touchscreen capacitivo, 16M colores. 720 x 1280 pixels, 5.5 pulgadas. - Sensor acelerómetro para auto rotación. - Sensor de proximidad para auto apagado. - Conector de audio 3.5 mm. Entradas y campos prácticamente ilimitados, Foto de llamada. - Procesador MediaTek MT6735 quad-core 1.3GHz. SMS, MMS, Email, Push Mail, IM. 13 MP, autofocus, flash LED, foco táctil, detección de rostro y sonrisa, geo-tagging, video 1080p@30fps, cámara frontal 5 MP 720p. - GPS con soporte A-GPS y GLONASS. - Wi-Fi 802.11 b/g/n; Wi-Fi Direct; DLNA. Hasta 520 h (2G) / Hasta 430 h (3G). Hasta 28 h (2G) / Hasta 15 h (3G). Opiniones y Comentarios LG X max. Hay 49 opiniones del LG X max .. Creo que el equipo tiene mal funcionamiento o poco rendimiento en cuanto a la batería, se baja muy rapido y es el segundo equipo igual q me cambiaron en soporte tecnico ya q cuenta con garantía, alguien q tenga el mismo problema con la batería y asi confirmar este detalle????. Creo que el equipo tiene mal funcionamiento o poco rendimiento en cuanto a la batería, se baja muy rapido y es el segundo equipo igual q me cambiaron en soporte tecnico ya q cuenta con garantía, alguien q tenga el mismo problema con la batería y asi confirmar este detalle????. La camara a pesar de ser 13 mp se queda corta con poca luz. Tanto la principal como la frontal se queda corta. Mi antiguo motog1 toma mejores fotos en condiciones de poca luz y ni decir si lo comparamos con un j3. Excelente celular no he tenido problemas en ningún sentido. Hola me proponen cambiarme de celular un Samsung ON5 por un LG x máx y No se cual sería mejor ayuda porfavor. Se mepiesa a bloquear la pantalla. Ese porble le empeso alos 15 dias de nuevo. El vendedor me indicó que el teléfono tenía una forma de usar YouTube como sonido, osea, bloqueaba el teléfono y el audio seguía funcionando. Espero q alguien me.confirme este dato. La LG X MAX cuenta con flash para la.camara frontal. En la Web de LG indica Selfie flash.. Posee muy buena pantalla, se ve con alta calidad. La cámara, a pesar que tiene 13 Mp tiene muy poco detalle. Lo peor del smartphone es su batería, se descarga muy rápido y le toma mucho tiempo volver a cargarse.. Posee muy buena pantalla, se ve con alta calidad. La cámara, a pesar que tiene 13 Mp tiene muy poco detalle. Lo peor del smartphone es su batería, se descarga muy rápido y le toma mucho tiempo volver a cargarse.. Ver todas las Opiniones del LG X max - Total de opiniones de usuarios: 49. Tu experiencia o preguntas sobre el LG X max. - Sé preciso en la pregunta sobre el LG X max. - Cuenta tus experiencias positivas y negativas. - No insultes, ni uses palabras groseras, si es así probablemente tu opinión se elimine. - Recuerda que smartGSM NO vende móviles ni celulares. Tu opinión vale! Recomienda (o no!) al LG X max a otros usuarios. LG X Max, X Speed, X Style y X Power completarían la serie X este año. Sony presenta dos nuevos flagships con nuevo lenguaje de diseño: los esperados Sony Xperia XZ2 y Xperia XZ2 Compact. Una alternativa más confiable para desbloquear la pantalla del Samsung Galaxy S9/S9+: Intelligent Scan. Dos propuestas de mediana a baja gama de ZTE: Blade V9 y Blade V9 VITA, dos modelos con ligeras diferencias. Podría ocurrir que se repitan en otro lado, pero las cámaras del Samsung Galaxy S9/S9+ son algo único. Presentación oficial: el Samsung Galaxy S9/S9+ no viene con muchas sorpresas, pero igualmente deslumbra. SmartGSM es una de las comunidades de habla hispana más grandes sobre teléfonos celulares. Fundado en el 2004, smartGSM cubre todas las noticias y novedades sobre telefonía móvil y provee características de teléfonos celulares, smartphones, tablets y wearables. smartGSM cuenta con una comunidad de usuarios que reflejan sus experiencias, opiniones y críticas sobre teléfonos celulares y tablets.. Las especificaciones de los celulares son a título informativo y pueden variar. smartGSM no se responsabiliza del uso de las mismas.. Copyright © 2004 - 2018 smart-gsm.com. 
Largest Gadget Discovery Site in India. OnePlus 5T Xiaomi Redmi 5A Apple iPhone X Honor 7X Oppo F5. LG X Max is currently out of stock. Here are similar products that are available in store. LG X Max Price in India. Updated on: Feb 26, 2018. A giant in electronics, LG has been making smartphones for a long time. Popular for its "G" series, the Korean firm is credited with launching the world's first dual-core phone, first curved phone and has partnered with Google on multiple occassions to deliver Nexus devices.. LG has over 700 service centres in India.. LG X Max details Read more. Selfie camera gesture support Outstanding cameras LTE Cat 9 3CA connectivity Superior display. The X max sports a large display for an enhanced viewing experience, making it an ideal phone for playing FULL HD multimedia content. The cameras and display quality is marvellous but still the price tag easily seems to fall on the higher side. One can easily expect atleast a fingerprint sensor or robust configured handset in this budget.. The LG X Max flaunts a 6-inch IPS LCD Full HD (1,080 x 1,920 pixels) display and has a pixel density of 367ppi. Under the hood, there is a 1.3GHz quad-core processor aided with 2GB of RAM. The system runs on Android v6.0 (Marshmallow) operating system.. The users can click quality pictures via 13MP main camera inclusive of LED flash. The camera has the ability to take stunning photos even in low light conditions due to the presence of large 1.55?m sensor. There is a 5MP front camera with gesture support for selfie lovers which claims to click pictures in 3 seconds. (You can click selfies by simply opening palm and then making fist). In terms of storage, the device houses an internal memory of 16GB which can be further expanded upto 64GB.. The device is fuelled by a 2,500mAh Li-ion battery which claims to render a good amount of backup. On the connectivity ground, the device offers options such as single SIM, 4G (supports Indian bands), LTE Cat 9 3CA (data transfer speed), 3G, 2G, Wi-Fi 802.11, b/g/n, Mobile Hotspot, Bluetooth v4.0, GPS with A-GPS, Glonass and microUSB 2.0.. It supports audio formats such as MP3, WMA, AAC, AAC+, WAV, AC3, AAC-LC, AMR-NB, WMA and WAV. The handset also features Hungama Music where one can download free music upto 45 days. For security purposes, it has inbuilt app namely - LG TrueCaller, which tracks unknown contacts.. This product is currently not available in any online store.. Apply for a credit card on bankbazaar.com, and get free Amazon vouchers worth Rs. 2 GB RAM 6.0 inches (15.24 cm). IPS LCD 13 MP Primary Camera. 5 MP Front Camera 2500 mAh. Supports Indian bands 16 GB + 64 GB Expandable No Fingerprint sensor. What makes LG X Max unique?. The LG phone with the largest display. LG X Max is currently out of stock. Here are similar products that are available in store. 4G: Available (supports Indian bands) 3G: Available, 2G: Available Fingerprint Sensor. 6.0 inches (15.24 cm) Screen Resolution. Full HD (1080 x 1920 pixels) Pixel Density. Exposure compensation, ISO control Shooting Modes. Continuos Shooting, High Dynamic Range mode (HDR) Camera Features. Digital Zoom, Auto Flash, Face detection, Touch to focus Video Recording. 4G (supports Indian bands), 3G, 2G SIM 1 Wi-Fi. TD-LTE 2300(band 40) FD-LTE 1800(band 3). UMTS 1900 / 2100 / 850 / 900 MHz. GSM 1800 / 1900 / 850 / 900 MHz. Disclaimer: The price & specs shown may be different from actual. Please confirm on the retailer site before purchasing. Show only Android LG Phablet Camera 2 MP & above Camera 5 MP & above Camera 8 MP & above Camera 12 MP & above. I don't want to see this. Higher battery capacity: 4100 mAH vs 2500 mAH. More SIM card slots: 2 vs 1. Smaller screen : 5.3 inches vs 6 inches. Quad core 1.3 GHz RAM: 2 GB Primary camera: 13 MP Internal Memory: 16 GB 195 people viewed together 287 people compared together. Lower pixel density: 277 ppi vs 367 ppi. Lesser expandable memory: 32 GB vs 64 GB. I don't want to see this. More SIM card slots: 2 vs 1. Smaller screen : 5 inches vs 6 inches. Lesser RAM: 1.5 GB vs 2 GB. Quad core 1.3 GHz Internal Memory: 16 GB 69 people viewed together 148 people compared together. Lower primary camera resolution: 8 MP vs 13 MP. Lower battery capacity: 2100 mAH vs 2500 mAH. Lower pixel density: 294 ppi vs 367 ppi. Lesser expandable memory: 32 GB vs 64 GB. I don't want to see this. Octa core 2.0 GHz vs Quad core 1.3 GHz. More RAM: 4 GB vs 2 GB. Higher battery capacity: 5100 mAH vs 2500 mAH. OS: Android Primary camera: 13 MP 119 people compared together. More SIM card slots: 2 vs 1. Higher pixel density: 401 ppi vs 367 ppi. More internal memory: 32 GB vs 16 GB. More expandable memory: 128 GB vs 64 GB. Smaller screen : 5.5 inches vs 6 inches. I don't want to see this. Higher battery capacity: 2800 mAH vs 2500 mAH. More SIM card slots: 2 vs 1. Quad core 1.3 GHz RAM: 2 GB Primary camera: 13 MP Internal Memory: 16 GB 194 people viewed together 120 people compared together. Smaller screen : 5.5 inches vs 6 inches. Lower pixel density: 267 ppi vs 367 ppi. Lesser expandable memory: 32 GB vs 64 GB. I don't want to see this. More SIM card slots: 2 vs 1. Smaller screen : 5 inches vs 6 inches. Quad core 1.3 GHz Internal Memory: 16 GB 58 people viewed together 122 people compared together. Lesser RAM: 1.5 GB vs 2 GB. Lower primary camera resolution: 8 MP vs 13 MP. Lower battery capacity: 2100 mAH vs 2500 mAH. Lower pixel density: 294 ppi vs 367 ppi. Lesser expandable memory: 32 GB vs 64 GB. I don't want to see this. Quad core 1.5 GHz vs Quad core 1.3 GHz. More RAM: 3 GB vs 2 GB. Higher battery capacity: 3075 mAH vs 2500 mAH. OS: Android Primary camera: 13 MP 60 people compared together. More SIM card slots: 2 vs 1. More internal memory: 32 GB vs 16 GB. More expandable memory: 128 GB vs 64 GB. Higher secondary camera resolution: 8 MP vs 5 MP. Smaller screen : 5.5 inches vs 6 inches. Lower pixel density: 267 ppi vs 367 ppi. View all FAQs about LG X Max. Please write your question as a complete sentence while asking a new question. Write Your Question as a complete sentence, then press Ask a Question. What's the expected launch date of LG X Max?. Asked By samn professionals | 9 months ago. People who viewed LG X Max also viewed. Subscribe for top stories, new launches & expert reviews!. Home | Privacy | Sitemap | About Us | Contact Us | Visitor Agreement | Terms & Conditions |. News & Reviews | हिंदी न्यूज़. 
Mobiles / LG Mobile Phones / LG X Max Price in India. User Visits: 181 Compare. LG X Max is currently not available in any online store.. Apply for a credit card on bankbazaar.com, and get free Amazon vouchers worth Rs. 1.3 GHz Quad Core 2 GB RAM 16 GB Storage 6.0" (15.24 cm) Display 2500 mAh Battery 13 MP Rear Camera 5 MP Front Camera Single SIM No Quick Charging. We will notify you as soon as LG X Max becomes available. Also get the latest launches, top stories & best deals right in your inbox.. We will notify you as soon as LG X Max is available in stock. 1080 x 1920 pixels, Full HD. Geo tagging, High Dynamic Range mode (HDR). Disclaimer: The specifications shown may be different from actual. Please confirm with the retailer site before purchasing.. Compare LG X Max vs Lenovo P2. Compare LG X Max vs Samsung Galaxy On8. Compare LG X Max vs Xiaomi Mi Max 2. Compare LG X Max vs LG X cam. Compare LG X Max vs LG Stylus 2 Plus. Compare LG X Max vs Videocon Krypton V50FA. Compare LG X Max vs Samsung Galaxy J7 Prime. Compare LG X Max vs Lenovo Phab 2 Plus. Compare LG X Max vs LG X screen. Compare LG X Max vs Sony Xperia XA Ultra Dual. Compare LG X Max vs Motorola Moto X Play 32GB. LG Mobiles Upcoming LG Mobiles LG Mobiles Under 5000 LG 4G Mobiles LG Keypad Mobiles LG 4GB RAM Mobiles LG 4G Mobiles Under 10000. Upcoming Mobiles Latest Mobiles Best 4G Mobiles Best Fingerprint Scanner Mobiles Best Mobiles Best 4GB RAM Mobiles Best Waterproof Mobiles Best Android Mobiles Best Camera Mobiles Best Keypad Mobiles. Xiaomi Mobiles Nokia Mobiles Vivo Mobiles Oppo Mobiles Lenovo Mobiles Gionee Mobiles Sony Mobiles HTC Mobiles Apple Mobiles Samsung Mobiles. Overview Specs Alternatives. 
Home › LG › X max LG X max - Specifications. Most recent comparisons including LG X max List of the latest comparisons made by the website visitors, which include LG X max Last viewed devices List of mobile devices, whose specifications have been recently viewed.. Width Height Thickness Weight Write a review. Specifications Display Camera CPU Battery SAR Prices 1. Dimensions : 76.9 x 151.6 x 7.2 mm Weight : 133 g SoC : MediaTek MT6735 CPU : ARM Cortex-A53, 1300 MHz, Cores : 4 GPU : ARM Mali-T720 MP1, 600 MHz, Cores : 1 RAM : 1.5 GB, 640 MHz Storage : 16 GB Memory cards : microSD, microSDHC, microSDXC Display : 5.5 in, TFT, 720 x 1280 pixels, 24 bit Battery : 2800 mAh, Li-Ion OS : Android 6.0.1 Marshmallow Camera : 4160 x 3120 pixels, 1920 x 1080 pixels, 30 fps SIM card : Nano-SIM Wi-Fi : b, g, n, Wi-Fi Hotspot USB : 2.0, Micro USB Bluetooth : 4.2 Positioning : GPS, A-GPS. Brand and model Information about the brand, model and model alias (if any) of a specific device. Brand LG Model X max Model alias LG-K240F K240F LG-K240H K240H Design Information about the dimensions and weight of the device, shown in different measurement units. Width 76.9 mm (millimeters) 7.69 cm (centimeters) 0.25 ft (feet) 3.03 in (inches) Height 151.6 mm (millimeters) 15.16 cm (centimeters) 0.5 ft (feet) 5.97 in (inches) Thickness 7.2 mm (millimeters) 0.72 cm (centimeters) 0.02 ft (feet) 0.28 in (inches) Weight 133 g (grams) 0.29 lbs (pounds) 4.69 oz (ounces) Volume 83.94 cm³ (cubic centimeters) 5.1 in³ (cubic inches) Colors White Blue Body materials Plastic SIM card The Subscriber Identity Module (SIM) is used in mobile devices for storing data authenticating the subscribers of mobile services. SIM card type Nano-SIM (4FF - fourth form factor, since 2012, 12.30 x 8.80 x 0.67 mm) Number of SIM cards 1 Networks A mobile (cellular) network is a radio system, which allows a large number of mobile devices to communicate with each other. GSM GSM 850 MHz GSM 900 MHz GSM 1800 MHz GSM 1900 MHz UMTS UMTS 850 MHz UMTS 900 MHz UMTS 1900 MHz UMTS 2100 MHz LTE LTE 800 MHz LTE 900 MHz LTE 1700/2100 MHz LTE 1800 MHz LTE 1900 MHz LTE 2100 MHz LTE 2600 MHz Mobile network technologies and bandwidth Communication between devices within mobile networks is realized via various generations of network technologies, which provide different bandwidth. Mobile network technologies UMTS (384 kbit/s ) EDGE GPRS HSPA+ LTE Cat 4 (51.0 Mbit/s , 150.8 Mbit/s ) Operating system Operating system is the system software, which manages and controls the functioning of the hardware components of the device. Operating system (OS) Android 6.0.1 Marshmallow System on Chip (SoC) A system on a chip (SoC) includes into a single chip some of the main hardware components of the mobile device. SoC MediaTek MT6735 Process technology 28 nm (nanometers) CPU ARM Cortex-A53 CPU bits 64 bit Instruction set ARMv8-A Level 1 cache memory (L1) 32 KB + 32 KB (kilobytes) Level 2 cache memory (L2) 512 KB (kilobytes) 0.5 MB (megabytes) CPU cores 4 CPU frequency 1300 MHz (megahertz) GPU ARM Mali-T720 MP1 GPU cores 1 GPU frequency 600 MHz (megahertz) RAM capacity 1.5 GB (gigabytes) RAM type LPDDR3 RAM channels Single channel RAM frequency 640 MHz (megahertz) Storage Every mobile device has a built-in storage (internal memory) with a fixed capacity. Storage 16 GB (gigabytes) Memory cards Memory cards are used in mobile devices for expanding their external storage capacity. Types microSD microSDHC microSDXC Display The display of a mobile device is characterized by its technology, resolution, pixel density, diagonal length, color depth, etc. Type/technology TFT Diagonal size 5.5 in (inches) 139.7 mm (millimeters) 13.97 cm (centimeters) Width 2.7 in (inches) 68.49 mm (millimeters) 6.85 cm (centimeters) Height 4.79 in (inches) 121.76 mm (millimeters) 12.18 cm (centimeters) Aspect ratio 1.778:1 16:9 Resolution 720 x 1280 pixels Pixel density 267 ppi (pixels per inch) 104 ppcm (pixels per centimeter) Color depth 24 bit 16777216 colors Display area 71.76 % (percent) Other features Capacitive Multi-touch Sensors Different sensors measure different physical quantities and convert them into signals recognizable by the mobile device. Sensors Proximity Light Accelerometer Compass Primary camera The primary camera of the mobile device is usually placed at its back and is used for taking photos and recording videos. Sensor type CMOS (complementary metal-oxide semiconductor) Flash type LED Image resolution 4160 x 3120 pixels 12.98 MP (megapixels) Video resolution 1920 x 1080 pixels 2.07 MP (megapixels) Video FPS 30 fps (frames per second) Features Autofocus Continuous shooting Digital zoom Geotagging Panorama HDR Touch focus Face detection White balance settings ISO settings Exposure compensation Self-timer Scene mode Secondary camera Secondary cameras are placed above the screen of the device and are usually used for video calls, gesture recognition, etc. Image resolution 2560 x 1920 pixels 4.92 MP (megapixels) Video resolution 1280 x 720 pixels 0.92 MP (megapixels) Video FPS 30 fps (frames per second) Audio Information about the type of speakers and the audio technologies supported by the device. Speaker Loudspeaker Radio The radio in a mobile device is a built-in FM radio receiver. Radio Yes Tracking/Positioning Information about the positioning and navigation technologies supported by the device. Tracking/Positioning GPS A-GPS Wi-Fi Wi-Fi is a technology that provides wireless data connections between various devices within a short range. Wi-Fi 802.11b (IEEE 802.11b-1999) 802.11g (IEEE 802.11g-2003) 802.11n (IEEE 802.11n-2009) Wi-Fi Hotspot Bluetooth Bluetooth is a standard for secure wireless data transfer between different types of devices over short distances. Version 4.2 Features A2DP (Advanced Audio Distribution Profile) USB The Universal Serial Bus (USB) is an industry standard that allows different electronic devices to exchange data. Connector type Micro USB Version 2.0 Features Charging Mass storage Headphone jack The headphone jack is an audio phone connector, a.k.a. The most widely used one in mobile devices is the 3.5 mm headphone jack. Headphone jack Yes Connectivity Information about other important connectivity technologies supported by the devices. Connectivity Computer sync OTA sync Tethering Browser A web browser is a software application for accessing, fetching, displaying and navigating through information on the World Wide Web. Browser HTML HTML5 CSS 3 Audio file formats/codecs Mobile devices support various audio file formats and codecs, which respectively store and code/decode digital audio data. Audio file formats/codecs AAC (Advanced Audio Coding) AMR / AMR-NB / GSM-AMR (Adaptive Multi-Rate, .amr, .3ga) eAAC+ / aacPlus v2 / HE-AAC v2 FLAC (Free Lossless Audio Codec, .flac) MIDI MP3 (MPEG-2 Audio Layer II, .mp3) OGG (.ogg, .ogv, .oga, .ogx, .spx, .opus) WMA (Windows Media Audio, .wma) WAV (Waveform Audio File Format, .wav, .wave) Video file formats/codecs Mobile devices support various video file formats and codecs, which respectively store and code/decode digital video data. Video file formats/codecs 3GPP (3rd Generation Partnership Project, .3gp) AVI (Audio Video Interleaved, .avi) MP4 (MPEG-4 Part 14, .mp4, .m4a, .m4p, .m4b, .m4r, .m4v) WebM Xvid Battery The batteries of mobile devices differ in capacity and technology. They provide the electrical charge needed for the functioning of the devices. Capacity 2800 mAh (milliampere-hours) Type Li-Ion 2G talk time 14 h (hours) 840 min (minutes) 0.6 days 2G stand-by time 300 h (hours) 18000 min (minutes) 12.5 days 3G talk time 14 h (hours) 840 min (minutes) 0.6 days 3G stand-by time 300 h (hours) 18000 min (minutes) 12.5 days Features Removable Specific Absorption Rate (SAR) The SAR rating shows the amount of electromagnetic radiation absorbed by the human body when using a mobile device, expressed in W/kg. Head SAR (USA) 0.97 W/kg (watts per kilogram) Body SAR (USA) 1.17 W/kg (watts per kilogram). Brand name of the company that manufactures the device.. Аlternative names, under which the model is known.. the horizontal side of the device when it is used in its standard orientation.. the vertical side of the device when it is used in its standard orientation.. Information about the thickness/depth of the device in different measurement units.. Information about the weight of the device in different measurement units.. Estimated volume of the device, calculated from the dimensions provided by the manufacturer. Applies for devices in the form of a rectangular parallelepiped.. Information about the colors, in which the device is available in the market.. Materials used in the fabrication of the device's body.. Information about the type and size (form factor) of the SIM card used in the device.. Information about the number of SIM cards, supported by the device.. GSM (Global System for Mobile Communications) was developed to replace the analog cellular network (1G), therefore it is referred to as a 2G mobile network. It has been improved with the addition of General Packet Radio Services (GPRS) and later via the Enhanced Data rates for GSM Evolution (EDGE) technology.. UMTS stands for Universal Mobile Telecommunications System. Based on the GSM standard, it is deemed as a 3G mobile network standard. It has been developed by the 3GPP and its major advantage is the provision of greater bandwidth and spectral efficiency, due to the W-CDMA technology.. LTE is deemed to be the fourth generation (4G) of mobile communications technology. It has been developed by the 3GPP based on the GSM/EDGE and UMTS/HSPA technologies in order to increase the speed and capacity of wireless data networks. A further development of the technology is called LTE Advanced.. There are several network technologies that enhance the performance of mobile networks mainly by increased data bandwidth. Information about the communication technologies supported by the device and their respective uplink and downlink bandwidth.. Information about the operating system used by the device as well as its version.. The SoC integrates different hardware components such as the CPU, GPU, memory, peripherals, interfaces, etc., as well as software for their functioning.. Information about the process technology used in manufacturing the chip. The value in nanometers represents half the distance between elements that make up the CPU.. CPU is the Central Processing Unit or the processor of a mobile device. Its main function is to interpret and execute instructions contained in software applications.. The CPU bits are determined by the bit-size of the processor registers, address buses and data buses. 64-bit CPUs provide better performance than 32-bit ones, which on their part perform better than 16-bit processors.. The instruction set architecture (ISA) is a set of commands used by the software to manage the CPU's work. Information about the set of instructions the processor can execute.. The cache memory is used by the processor in order to shorten the time needed to access data and instructions that a frequently used. The L1 (level 1) cache memory has a small volume, but operates faster than the RAM and the rest cache memory levels. If the processor does not find the data needed in L1, it continues to look for it in the L2 cache memory. In some processors the search in L1 and L2 is simultaneous.. The L2 (level 2) cache memory is slower than L1, but has a larger capacity, instead, which allows it to cache more data. Just like L1, it is much faster than the system memory (RAM). If the CPU does not find the data needed in L2, it proceeds to look for them in the L3 cache memory (if there is such) or in the RAM.. A CPU core is the processor unit, which executes software instructions. Presently, besides single-core processors, there are dual-core, quad-core, hexa-core and so on multi-core processors. They increase the performance of the device allowing the execution of multiple instructions in parallel.. The frequency of the processor describes its clock rate in cycles per second. It is measured in Megahertz (MHz) or Gigahertz (GHz).. GPU is a graphical processing unit, which handles computation for 2D/3D graphics applications. In mobile devices GPU is usually utilized by games, UI, video playback, etc. GPU can also perform computation in applications traditionally handled by the CPU.. Similar to the CPU, the GPU consists of processing units called cores. They handle the computation of graphics in various applications.. The frequency is the clock rate of the graphic processor (GPU), which is measured in Megahertz (MHz) or Gigahertz (GHz).. RAM (Random-Access Memory) is used by the operating system and all installed applications. Data in the RAM is lost after the device is turned off or restarted.. Information about the type of RAM used by the device.. Information about the number of RAM channels integrated in the SoC. More channels mean higher data transfer rates.. RAM frequency relates directly to the rate of reading/writing from/in the RAM memory.. Information about the capacity of the built-in storage of the device. Sometimes one and the same model may is offered in variants with different internal storage capacity.. The various types of memory cards are characterized by different sizes and capacity. Information about the supported types of memory cards.. One of the main characteristics of the display is its type/technology, on which depends its performance.. In mobile devices display size is represented by the length of its diagonal measured in inches.. The ratio between the long and the short side of the display. The display resolution shows the number of pixels on the horizontal and vertical side of the screen. The higher the resolution is, the greater the detail of the displayed content.. Information about the number of pixels per centimeter (ppcm) or per inch (ppi) of the display. The higher the pixel density, the more detailed and clearer is the information displayed on the screen.. The color depth of the display is also known as bit depth. It shows the number of bits used for the color components of one pixel. Information about the maximum number of colors the screen can display.. The estimated percentage of the screen area from the device's front area.. Information about other functions and features of the display.. Sensors vary in type and purpose. They increase the overall functionality of the device, in which they are integrated.. Digital cameras use image sensors for taking photos. The sensor characteristics are some of the main factors determining the quality of the camera integrated in the mobile device.. Cameras of mobile devices use mainly a LED or a Xenon flash. The LED flash has a softer burst of light and in contrast to the much brighter Xenon flash, is used for recording videos as well.. One of the main characteristics of the cameras of mobile devices is their resolution, which shows the number of pixels on the horizontal and vertical dimensions of the image.. Information about the maximum resolution available for shooting a video with the device.. Information about the maximum number of frames per second (fps), supported by the device while recording a video at maximum resolution. Some of the main standard frame rates for recording and playing video are 24p, 25p, 30p, 60p.. Information about additional software and hardware features of the privamery camera, which improve its overall performance.. Information about the maximum image resolution of the secondary camera. Often, the resolution of the secondary camera is lower than the one of the primary camera.. Information about the maximum resolution available for shooting a video by the secondary camera.. Information about the maximum number of frames per second (fps), supported by the secondary camera while recording a video at maximum resolution.. The loudspeaker is a device, which reproduces various sounds such as ring tones, alarms, music, voice calls, etc. Information about the type of speakers the device uses.. Information whether the device has an FM radio receiver or not.. The tracking/positioning service is provided by various satellite navigation systems, which track the autonomous geo-spatial positioning of the device that supports them. The most common satellite navigation systems are the GPS and the GLONASS. There are also non-satellite technologies for locating mobile devices such as the Enhanced Observed Time Difference, Enhanced 911, GSM Cell ID.. Wi-Fi communication between devices is realized via the IEEE 802.11 standards. Some devices have the possibility to serve as Wi-Fi Hotspots by providing internet access for other nearby devices. Wi-Fi Direct (Wi-Fi P2P) is another useful standard that allows devices to communicate with each other without the need for wireless access point (WAP).. The technology has several versions, which improve the connection speed, range, connectivity and discoverability of the devices. Information about the Bluetooth version of the device.. Bluetooth uses various profiles and protocols related to faster exchange of data, energy saving, better device discoverability, etc. Some of those supported by the device are listed here.. There are several USB connector types: the Standard one, the Mini and Micro connectors, On-The-Go connectors, etc. Type of the USB connector used by the device.. There are several versions of the Universal Serial Bus (USB) standard: USB 1.0 (1996), the USB 2.0 (2000), the USB 3.0 (2008), etc. With each following version the rate of data transfer is increased.. Тhe USB interface in mobile devices may be used for different purposes such as battery charging, using the device as a mass storage, host, etc.. Information whether the device is equipped with a 3.5 mm audio jack.. Information about some of the most widely used connectivity technologies supported by the device.. Information about some of the features and standards supported by the browser of the device.. List of some of the most common audio file formats and codecs supported standardly by the device.. List of some of the most common video file formats and codecs supported standardly by the device.. The capacity of a battery shows the maximum charge, which it can store, measured in mili-Ampere hours.. The battery type is determined by its structure and more specifically, by the chemicals used in it. There are different battery types and some of the most commonly used in mobile devices are the lithium-ion (Li-Ion) and the lithium-ion polymer battery (Li-Polymer).. 2G talk time is the time period a battery charge will last, if one is constantly talking on the phone in a 2G cellular network.. 2G stand-by time is the longest time a battery charge will last, if the device is not used but is constantly connected to the 2G cellular network.. 3G talk time is the time period a battery charge will last, if one is constantly talking on the phone in a 3G cellular network.. 3G stand-by time is the longest time a battery charge will last, if the device is not used but is constantly connected to the 3G mobile network.. Information about some additional features of the device's battery.. This SAR rating shows the maximum level of exposure to electromagnetic radiation taken when the device is placed next to the ear. The applicable limit for the US is 1.6 W/kg per 1 g of tissue. In the US the FCC tests and sets the SAR limits for all mobile devices, which are controlled by the CTIA.. The SAR body rating shows the maximum level of exposure to electromagnetic radiation when the device is positioned against the body at the hip. The highest SAR value of mobile devices allowed in the US is set to 1.6 W/kg per 1 g of tissue. It is specified by the FCC and the CTIA follows whether the mobile devices comply with this standard.. Provide information about, which of the published data you want to be edited as well as a reliable source, which confirms the accuracy of the information you suggest *. Enter the characters from the image: *. Dimensions : 76.9 x 151.6 x 7.2 mm Weight : 133 g SoC : MediaTek MT6735 CPU : ARM Cortex-A53, 1300 MHz, Cores : 4 GPU : ARM Mali-T720 MP1, 600 MHz RAM : 1.5 GB, 640 MHz Storage : 16 GB Display : 5.5 in, TFT, 720 x 1280 pixels, 24 bit Battery : 2800 mAh, Li-Ion OS : Android 6.0.1 Marshmallow Camera : 4160 x 3120 pixels, 1920 x 1080 pixels, 30 fps. The information on this website is provided on "as is, as available basis" without warranty of any kind. DeviceSpecifications is not responsible for any omissions, inaccuracies or other errors in the information it publishes. All warranties with respect to this information are disclaimed. Reproduction of any part of this website in its entirety or partially or in any form or medium without prior written permission is prohibited. The trademarks, marques and logos of the manufacturers of devices, software, hardware, etc. are the property of their respective owners.. 
Home / Comming Soon / LG X Max. for Flash file | ROM | Firmware, specs, features and reviews of LG X Max mobile. then you are at right place because here I Have provide all the necessary features and specs of this mobile phone. Below are the all specs of LG X Max phone. Here we will also show you how to flash LG X Max phone, provide USB. Many More discussing and top secrets of this phone is provided below.. IPS LCD capacitive touchscreen, 16M colors. microSD, up to 256 GB (dedicated slot). Wi-Fi 802.11 a/b/g/n, WiFi Direct , hotspot. SMS(threaded view), MMS, Email, Push Mail, IM. Great wide and big screen you can easily internet browsing, reading and watching videos using this smartphone.. Type: IPS LCD capacitive touchscreen, 16M colors. Wi-Fi 802.11 a/b/g/n, WiFi Direct, hotspot. High Pixel and detail photos can be take using this smartphone. Available with Front camera for take selfies. Great phone for playing games and your favourite videos with video players.. SMS(threaded view), MMS, Email, Push Mail, IM. microSD, up to 256 GB (dedicated slot). SP Flash Tool ( Latest version MTK Flash Tool v. First of all, make sure that you have MediaTek DA USB VCOM drivers installed. First of all open SP Flash Tool , then click Scatter-loading button to load the correct scatter file. file and choose the “Scatter File” which is named as”MT65xx. Please wait while file is loaded in Flash tool or any other Box. Or Select “Firmware Upgrade” if you want to upgrade software. Switch-off the phone, Remove it’s battery and replace it back. Hit the “Download” or “Firmware Upgrade” button. Plug-in the USB cable to phone to connect it to your PC. The process will be started, and Red, Purple & Yellow progress stripes will be shown. “Ok” Notification will be appeared on a green circle at the end of whole process. Plug it out from USB cable. And you can turn it on. If you what to learn more about Flashing or. LG X Max USB or Device Driver:. Before Flashing Your Mobile You Need:. You can download device driver with ROM or Firmware. All ROM or FIrmware and Device Driver both are in one package with ROM you are downloading. If Downloaded USB Driver not working Google it the following keyword to Download your Device Driver.. Flash File | Rom | Firmware:. LG X Max Factory File|Rom|Firmware Free. Why you Want to Flash or Install New ROM Why you Want to Flash or Install New ROM. Why you Want to Flash or Install New ROM on LG X Max?. LG X Max runs too slowly. Unlock or Disable your forgotten screen pattern or pin or password using Hard Reset or Flashing ROM. Fix or resolve Freezing and hanging problem. Fix ‘Unfortunately, Contacts has stopped’. Fix and resolve unexpected Application crashes. Clean your android phone to wipe your personal data. Flashing your LG X Max Will help you to:. When We Need Flash or Install Firmware or Rom When We Need Flash or Install Firmware or Rom. When We Need Flash or Install Firmware or Rom on LG X Max?. When ever your android device is infected or malfunctioning. LG X Max phone is infected with Virus. When ever you want Custom Rom on. Fix or resolve Freezing and hanging problem. Fix ‘Unfortunately, Contacts has stopped’. Fix and resolve unexpected Application crashes.. What Affect of Flashing on your Android Device What Affect of Flashing on your Android Device. on your LG X Max Device ?. Flashing your ROM or Firmware will remove all of your data on your LG X Max device. Your apps, your photos, text messages, videos and your account everything will be remove from your device. If your photos and video etc are in your external SD card then it will not affect all of your photos and video etc.. Is For Custom Rom we Need to Flash ROM Is For Custom Rom we Need to Flash ROM. We Need to Flash ROM LG X Max?. Yes for installing custom ROM you will need to flash ROM or firmware. We have a lot of custom roms. The two famous Custom rom are CyanogenMod Rom and TWRP.. What should I Need Before Flash New ROM What should I Need Before Flash New ROM. What should I Need Before Flash New ROM on LG X Max?. You need to make backup your. LG X Max phone before performing Flashing a new ROM that all your app and personal data you want not to lose. LG X Max app is not advisable b/c it may cause problem with your. LG X Max phone Later you install it on your phone. Also all your app is available on Play store you can easily install on your android phone. Some app infect and will cause again problem to your phone so no need to backup your android app. Can We Install Custom ROM without Rooting the Android device Can We Install Custom ROM without Rooting the Android device. Custom ROM without Rooting the LG X Max device?. Yes you can install custom ROM without any root access to your LG X Max phone. Just download Device specific Tool (like SP Flash Tool for MTK Phone and Odin for Samsung devices ) and Custom ROM from Flashardreset.com. cyanogenmod .org or Flashroms.com and flash your custom ROM. What Should be Delete from Phone When I Tried Flashing ROM What Should be Delete from Phone When I Tried Flashing ROM. LG X Max Phone When I Tried. every things will be delete that you have install or you have created. Like the app you have install on. LG X Max phone and the contact or text messages or any history on you. LG X Max will be delete. LG X Max will same as your original phone you have buy new from the shop after flashing stock ROM. Also your all social accounts like gmail and Facebook etc will also remove from your android phone.. What Affect the Voicemail Message on your Phone If I Install Firmware. What Affect the Voicemail Message on your Phone If I Install Firmware.. Affect Voicemail Messages on my LG X Max?. It will not affect your voicemail which is stored in your network provider and not store in. That’s why it does not affect your voicemail during intalling firmware.. I have Forgotten My Security Password. What i will Do now? I have Forgotten My Security Password. LG X Max phone with new Firmware or Rom will remove your security password from your android phone but remember all your data will be lose after flashing your ROM.. Do I Need to Install Firmware If Latest Update Available? Do I Need to Install Firmware If Latest Update Available?. Do I Need to Install Firmware If Latest Update Available for LG X Max?. Without installing firmware you can update your android phone. Also you can flash your LG X Max phone with latest version.. How to Fast and More Responsive our Android Device? How to Fast and More Responsive our Android Device?. Fast And More Responsive our Android Device?. Most of android devices is now a day infected with virus which slow down your phone then you can install Firmware. It will make your phone fast and more responsive. It may help you if you have any problem or it may also make better your performance. Do not keep your files like photos and video on your internal memory. It may also slow down your. you need to uninstalled those app which is not to used. LG X Max phone one time in a day. It will keep your phone fresh.. Will it Remain Root? If I Install Firmware. LG X Max phone will no longer remain rooted. If you want to convert your rooted phone to unroot phone you have to flash a new ROM or we have other method to convert your rooted ROM to unroot ROM.. Is Flashing ROM Affect Our Phone Apps? Is Flashing ROM Affect Our Phone Apps?. Affect Our LG X Max Phone Apps?. Yes, All apps and your personal data will be remove from your LG X Max device. The apps that you have installed or purchased from store will be remove after flashing ROM.. Can We Restore our Deleted Data after Installing ROM? Can We Restore our Deleted Data after Installing ROM?. Can we Restore our Deleted Data in LG X Max After Installing ROM?. Yes you can recover your deleted data in. LG X Max phone using android data recovery tool. We have many different tools to recovery android data. Some of the are free and some of them are paid application. do not write data on your. LG X Max phone before recover your data like photos, Videos, messages, contacts and call history etc.. Is Installing Firmware Affect the SD Card Is Installing Firmware Affect the SD Card. Affect the SD Card in LG X Max?. does not affect any of your SD Card or Memory Card. Leave a Reply Cancel reply. Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *. Powered by Javed Sakhakot | Designed by Pak Solution Hub. © Copyright 2018, All Rights Reserved. 
The next video is starting stop. Review LG X MAX en Español. Want to watch this again later?. Sign in to add this video to a playlist.. Sign in to report inappropriate content.. Sign in to make your opinion count.. Sign in to make your opinion count.. The interactive transcript could not be loaded.. Rating is available when the video has been rented.. This feature is not available right now. Análisis, Impresiones y Revisado del LG X Max en Español Secciones: Características Externas: 1:06 Características Internas: 2:27 Rendimiento:3:27 Multimedia: 4:31 Fotografía y Video: 5:58 Precio: 8:12 Valor de Compra: 8:28 Conclusión: 10:01 https://www.sitenetmx1.wix.com/sitenet https://twitter.com/sitenetmx1 https://www.facebook.com/SiteNetVer https://www.youtube.com/c/SiteNetver Nuestra App: https://play.google.com/store/apps/de ... Nota: No soy dueño de ninguna de las música, logotipo , título, remolque , juego , canciones utilizadas en el video. que son los de contenido / productos con derechos de autor de sus respectivos propietarios y desarrolladores de juegos. Paz con el mundo :) NOTE: I do not own any of the MUSIC, LOGO, TITLE,TRAILER, GAMEPLAY, SONGS used in the video. they are the copyrighted content/products of the respective owners and game developers. When autoplay is enabled, a suggested video will automatically play next.. TOP 5 teléfonos que fueron un FRACASO. UNBOXING EN ESPAÑOL LG X MAX. 10 LOCAS NUEVAS INVENCIONES QUE DEBES VER. 15 Errores que acortan la vida de tu móvil. Hard Reset Lg x Max - Power - Screen -Style - Cam - Mach 2018!! 100% Efectivo. LG X max : Official Product Video (Full ver.). Lg Max Accesorios y Funciones basicas.. Lg Max X165 - Hard Reset. Hard Reset/Restablecimiento de Fabrica LG X Style LG K200/K200MT. 10 INCREÍBLES GADGETS QUE DEBES VER. LOS 10 MEJORES CELULARES DEL 2018.. Huawei GW Metal VS ZTE Blade A6. Samsung Galaxy S5 - Which Is Faster?. LG G2 - Which Is Faster?. Samsung galaxy s4 vs Huawei y5 II startup test. Sign in to add this to Watch Later. 
LG X max - user opinions and reviews. 16GB 1.5GB RAM storage, microSD card slot. monnom, 24 Mar 2017 Could you please share its stock wallpapers if you have it? Sim card don't read cdma card. ScouserCL, 08 Dec 2016 What do you need? Could you please share its stock wallpapers if you have it?. monnom, 27 Nov 2016 Anyone who already has this phone? Need something from you guys... Anonymous, 18 Jun 2016 Does it have infrared? For the users to use this phone as a remote control. No it does not have infrared, at least I haven't seen it in mine. Anyone who already has this phone? Need something from you guys.... SUDHAKAR, 30 Oct 2016 Costly crap LG x max. Samsung J7 2016 and J7 prime are better choices. LG is really good, so is htc, sony, etc. SUDHAKAR, 30 Oct 2016 Costly crap LG x max. Samsung J7 2016 and J7 prime are better choices. Stop spamming on every single thread about LG! It seems you are enjoying yourself a lot aren't you? If you have never tried the phone and you are not aware of its pros and cons why don't you shut up and get something better to do than spamming!. Samsung J7 2016 and J7 prime are better choices.. Anonymous, 18 Jun 2016 Does it have infrared? For the users to use this phone as a remote control. I'm picking mine up this week. Does it have infrared? For the users to use this phone as a remote control.. Total of 12 user reviews and opinions for LG X max .. Samsung Apple Nokia Sony LG HTC Motorola Huawei Microsoft Lenovo Xiaomi Google Acer Asus Oppo OnePlus Meizu BlackBerry Alcatel ZTE Toshiba Vodafone Energizer XOLO Lava Micromax BLU Gionee vivo LeEco Panasonic HP YU verykool Maxwest Plum. Sony Xperia L1 Samsung Galaxy J5 (2017) LG K10 (2017) LG X power Xiaomi Mi 3 Huawei Y5 (2017). LG V30 LG G6 LG Q6 LG V20 LG G5 LG K10 (2018). 
Hi! Get more out of Walmart.com. Stretch your tax refund FREE Grocery Pickup See All Departments. Reorder Items Pickup Today Track Order Your Account Store Finder. Shop Electronics Smart Home Wearable Tech Cameras & Camcorders Walmart for Business Video Games. Shop all TV & Video TVs DVD & Blu-ray Players Home Audio & Theater TV Accessories. Shop all Cell Phones Straight Talk Phones Unlocked Phones Contract Phones No-Contract Phones Prepaid Minutes & Data Cases & Accessories. Shop all iPad & Tablets iPad Windows Tablets Android Tablets Accessories. Shop all Computers Laptops Desktops PC Gaming Printers & Supplies Networking Software Monitors Accessories. Shop all Auto Electronics GPS & Navigation. Shop all Portable Audio iPod & MP3 Players Headphones Speakers & Docks. Shop all Office Supplies Office Electronics School Supplies. Star Wars Marvel: Avengers Musical Instruments Computer Software. Shop all Movies & TV 2-Day Shipping Action & Adventure Blu-ray Discs Boxed Sets Children & Family Instawatch Movie DVDs New Releases Preorders TV Shows. Shop all Music 2-Day Shipping Music Gift Cards Country Music Soundtracks Vinyl New Releases Pop R&B / Soul Rock Top 100 CDs. Shop all Books Deals in books Preorders New Releases Biographies & Memoirs Children's Books Christian Books & Bibles Cookbooks, Food & Wine Comics & Graphic Novels Crafts & Hobbies Humor Literature & Fiction Health and Wellness Teen & Young Adult. Shop all Shop By Room Living Room Bedroom Bathroom Dining Room Kitchen Kids' Room Teens' Room Patio Entryway Office. Shop all Shop By Category Appliances Bath Bedding Furniture Home Decor Kids’ Bedding Kids’ Furniture Kitchen & Dining Lighting Mattresses Patio & Garden Rugs Storage & Organization Vacuums & Floor Care Window Coverings. Shop all Brand Shops KitchenAid Better Homes and Gardens The Pioneer Woman Mainstays. Shop all Specialty Shops Home Gift Guide Back to College Shop by Style. Shop All Home Improvement Bathroom Renovations Kitchen Renovations Water Purification Generators Garage & Storage. Shop all Air Quality Dehumidifiers Humidifiers. Shop all Tools Power Tools Hand Tools. Shop all Heating & Cooling Heaters Fireplaces Stoves. Shop all Paint Interior & Exterior Paint Ladders. Shop all Patio & Garden Patio Furniture Patio & Outdoor Decor Sheds & Outdoor Storage Outdoor Shade Grills & Outdoor Cooking Outdoor Heating Swimming Pools Hot Tubs & Saunas. Shop all Garden Center Outdoor Power Equipment Landscaping Pots & Planters. Shop all Industrial & Scientific Janitorial & Sanitation Supplies Food Service Equipment. Shop All Clothing Intimates & Sleepwear All Shoes Boys' Girls' Swim Shop Spring Fashion Activewear Shop School Uniforms Precious Metals Bags & Accessories Luggage Sleepwear Shop Premium Beauty Fashion Brands Clearance & More. Shop all Women's Women's Plus Juniors' Maternity Women's Shoes. Shop all Jewelry Wedding & Engagement Watches Fine Jewelry Fashion Jewelry Personalized Jewelry. Shop all Men's Men's Big & Tall Young Men's Men's Shoes Men's Jewelry. Shop all Baby & Toddlers' Baby Girl Baby Boy Toddler Girl Toddler Boy Baby & Kids' Shoes. Shop All Baby Baby Deals Parent's Choice Britax Premium Brands Restock Shop Baby Registry Baby Box Strollers Car Seats Baby & Toddler Clothing. Shop all Diapering & Potty Diapers Wipes Diaper Bags. Shop all Feeding Breast Feeding Bottle Feeding Baby Formula Baby Food Toddler Feeding Bibs & Burp Cloths. Shop all Nursery & Décor Cribs Furniture Bedding Décor. Shop all Toddler Room Furniture Bedding. Shop all Play & Travel Gear Playstations & Walkers Playards Swings Carriers & Wraps Baby & Toddler Toys. Shop all Health & Safety Bath Baby Gates Baby Monitors Baby Care. Toys Savings Musical Instruments Boys' Toys Girls' Toys Xbox One X Retro Gaming. Shop all Toys Action Figures Dolls & Dollhouses Cars, Drones & RC LEGO & Building Sets Pretend Play Arts & Crafts Electronics for Kids Learning Toys Nerf & Blasters Stuffed Animals & Plush Games & Puzzles. Shop all Bikes & Ride-Ons Kids' Bikes Ride-On Toys Hoverboards. Shop all Outdoor Play Swing Sets Trampolines. Shop all Shop by Age Preschool 5-7 8-11 12+. Shop all Video Games Virtual Reality New Releases PlayStation 4 Xbox One Nintendo Switch Accessories Digital Gaming Nintendo 3DS / 2DS Nintendo Wii U / Wii PlayStation VR Preorders Used Games. Restock Shop Fresh Flowers Meal Kits & Specialty Food Boxes Grocery Pickup & Delivery. Shop all Shop All Food Coffee Beverages Snacks & Cookies Breakfast & Cereal Meals Condiments Pasta Candy & Gum Soups Canned Goods Emergency Food Baking Center International Food. Shop all Household Essentials Laundry Room Kitchen Bathroom Paper & Plastic Cleaning Supplies Air Fresheners Batteries Pest Control As Seen On TV Light Bulbs. Shop all Shop All Pets Cats Dogs Fish Small Animals Birds Equine Reptiles. Shop all Clearance & Rollbacks Food Household Essentials Pets. Shop all Beauty Makeup Skin Care Fragrances Beauty Tools Hair Care Premium Beauty. Shop all Brands We Love Flower Culturelle OralB Braun ReliOn. Shop all Personal Care Feminine Care Incontinence. Shop all Shave Electric Shavers Razors. Shop all Oral Care Electric Toothbrushes Water Flossers. Shop all Bath & Body Lotions Body Wash. Shop all Vision Center Prescription Eyewear Contact Lenses. Shop all Health Medicine Cabinet Cold, Cough and Flu Digestive Health Home Health Care Diabetes Management. Shop all Wellness Supplements Protein & Fitness Weight Management Aromatherapy. Shop all Pharmacy Refill Prescriptions Transfer Prescriptions. Shop All Sports Outdoor Sports Emergency Prep Ozark Trail Hunting Trampolines Game Room Basketball Sports Fanshop. Shop all Camping Tents Airbeds Canopies & Shelters. Shop all Fishing Rod & Reel Combos. Shop all Boats & Water Sports Canoes, Kayaks & Boats. Shop all Recreation Bikes Lawn Games Air Soft Air Guns Golf. Shop all Team Sports Baseball & Softball Football. Shop all Exercise & Fitness Boxing Mixed Martial Arts. Shop all Exercise Machines Treadmills Bikes Ellipticals Home Gyms. Shop all Strength and Weight Training Fitness Accessories Ab & Core Toners. Shop All Auto Tires Batteries & Accessories Diagnostic Tools Auto Paint & Accessories Auto Interior Auto Exterior Windshield Wipers Motorcycles & ATVs RV Parts & Accessories Auto Detailing & Car Care Auto Services. Shop all Oils & Fluids Motor Oil Antifreeze & Coolants Transmission, Brake, & Steering Fluids. Shop all Automotive Tools & Equipment Car Battery Chargers & Accessories. Shop all Auto Electronics Car DVD & Video Car Stereos Car Speakers & Subwoofers Power Inverters Dash Cams. Shop all Auto Body Repair Auto Repair Tools. Shop all Auto Replacement Parts Oil Filters Engine Air Filters Spark Plugs Brake Parts. Shop all Photo Center Available Same Day Blankets Calendars Canvas & Wall Art Cards & Invitations Home Decor & Gifts Jewelry & Clothing Mugs Office Phone Cases Photo Books Pillows Posters Prints. Shop all Personalized Shop Easter Rollbacks & Clearance Wedding Invitations Wedding Sweepstakes Graduation Home Decor Clothing & Accessories Bedding & Bath Kitchen & Dining Kids Character Shop. Shop all Personalized Jewelry Rings Necklaces Class Rings. Shop all Gift Cards Mail a Gift Card Email a Gift Card Specialty Gift Cards Check Card Balances Corporate Gift Card Program. Shop all Gift Registry Baby Registry Wedding Registry Lists. Craft Tips & Ideas Costumes & Dress Up Party Ideas & Recipes Christmas Decor Savings Birthday Shop Wedding Shop Valentine's Day Plush. Shop all Arts, Crafts & Sewing Art & Drawing Supplies Beading & Jewelry Crafting Die Cutting Machines Sewing Fabric Scrapbooking Supplies Artificial Plants & Flowers Knitting & Crochet Yarn Craft Furniture & Storage. Shop all Party & Occasions Baking & Pastry Supplies Balloons Cards & Invitations Disposable Tableware Giftwrap & Supplies Party Decorations Party Favors Pinatas. Shop all Party Themes Themed Party Sets Anniversary Baby Shower Halloween Christmas Decor. Stretch your tax refund FREE Grocery Pickup Electronics & Office Movies, Music & Books Home, Furniture & Appliances Home Improvement & Patio Clothing, Shoes & Jewelry Baby & Toddler Toys & Video Games Food, Household & Pets Pharmacy, Health & Beauty Sports, Fitness & Outdoors Auto & Tires Photo & Personalized Shop Sewing, Crafts & Party Supplies See All Departments. Baby Registry Wedding Registry Classroom Supplies. TV & Video TVs DVD & Blu-ray Players Home Audio & Theater TV Accessories. Cell Phones Straight Talk Phones Unlocked Phones Contract Phones No-Contract Phones Prepaid Minutes & Data Cases & Accessories. iPad & Tablets iPad Windows Tablets Android Tablets Accessories. Computers Laptops Desktops PC Gaming Printers & Supplies Networking Software Monitors Accessories. Portable Audio iPod & MP3 Players Headphones Speakers & Docks. Office Supplies Office Electronics School Supplies. Movies & TV 2-Day Shipping Action & Adventure Blu-ray Discs Boxed Sets Children & Family Instawatch Movie DVDs New Releases Preorders TV Shows. Music 2-Day Shipping Music Gift Cards Country Music Soundtracks Vinyl New Releases Pop R&B / Soul Rock Top 100 CDs. Books Deals in books Preorders New Releases Biographies & Memoirs Children's Books Christian Books & Bibles Cookbooks, Food & Wine Comics & Graphic Novels Crafts & Hobbies Humor Literature & Fiction Health and Wellness Teen & Young Adult. Shop By Room Living Room Bedroom Bathroom Dining Room Kitchen Kids' Room Teens' Room Patio Entryway Office. Shop By Category Appliances Bath Bedding Furniture Home Decor Kids’ Bedding Kids’ Furniture Kitchen & Dining Lighting Mattresses Patio & Garden Rugs Storage & Organization Vacuums & Floor Care Window Coverings. Brand Shops KitchenAid Better Homes and Gardens The Pioneer Woman Mainstays. Specialty Shops Home Gift Guide Back to College Shop by Style. Industrial & Scientific Janitorial & Sanitation Supplies Food Service Equipment. Heating & Cooling Heaters Fireplaces Stoves. Paint Interior & Exterior Paint Ladders. Patio & Garden Patio Furniture Patio & Outdoor Decor Sheds & Outdoor Storage Outdoor Shade Grills & Outdoor Cooking Outdoor Heating Swimming Pools Hot Tubs & Saunas. Garden Center Outdoor Power Equipment Landscaping Pots & Planters. Women's Women's Plus Juniors' Maternity Women's Shoes. Jewelry Wedding & Engagement Watches Fine Jewelry Fashion Jewelry Personalized Jewelry. Men's Men's Big & Tall Young Men's Men's Shoes Men's Jewelry. Baby & Toddlers' Baby Girl Baby Boy Toddler Girl Toddler Boy Baby & Kids' Shoes. Diapering & Potty Diapers Wipes Diaper Bags. Feeding Breast Feeding Bottle Feeding Baby Formula Baby Food Toddler Feeding Bibs & Burp Cloths. Nursery & Décor Cribs Furniture Bedding Décor. Play & Travel Gear Playstations & Walkers Playards Swings Carriers & Wraps Baby & Toddler Toys. Health & Safety Bath Baby Gates Baby Monitors Baby Care. Toys Action Figures Dolls & Dollhouses Cars, Drones & RC LEGO & Building Sets Pretend Play Arts & Crafts Electronics for Kids Learning Toys Nerf & Blasters Stuffed Animals & Plush Games & Puzzles. Bikes & Ride-Ons Kids' Bikes Ride-On Toys Hoverboards. Shop by Age Preschool 5-7 8-11 12+. Video Games Virtual Reality New Releases PlayStation 4 Xbox One Nintendo Switch Accessories Digital Gaming Nintendo 3DS / 2DS Nintendo Wii U / Wii PlayStation VR Preorders Used Games. Shop All Food Coffee Beverages Snacks & Cookies Breakfast & Cereal Meals Condiments Pasta Candy & Gum Soups Canned Goods Emergency Food Baking Center International Food. Household Essentials Laundry Room Kitchen Bathroom Paper & Plastic Cleaning Supplies Air Fresheners Batteries Pest Control As Seen On TV Light Bulbs. Meal Kits & Specialty Food Boxes. Shop All Pets Cats Dogs Fish Small Animals Birds Equine Reptiles. Clearance & Rollbacks Food Household Essentials Pets. Beauty Makeup Skin Care Fragrances Beauty Tools Hair Care Premium Beauty. Brands We Love Flower Culturelle OralB Braun ReliOn. Oral Care Electric Toothbrushes Water Flossers. Bath & Body Lotions Body Wash. Vision Center Prescription Eyewear Contact Lenses. Health Medicine Cabinet Cold, Cough and Flu Digestive Health Home Health Care Diabetes Management. Wellness Supplements Protein & Fitness Weight Management Aromatherapy. Camping Tents Airbeds Canopies & Shelters. Fishing Rod & Reel Combos. Boats & Water Sports Canoes, Kayaks & Boats. Recreation Bikes Lawn Games Air Soft Air Guns Golf. Team Sports Baseball & Softball Football. Exercise & Fitness Boxing Mixed Martial Arts. Exercise Machines Treadmills Bikes Ellipticals Home Gyms. Strength and Weight Training Fitness Accessories Ab & Core Toners. Oils & Fluids Motor Oil Antifreeze & Coolants Transmission, Brake, & Steering Fluids. Automotive Tools & Equipment Car Battery Chargers & Accessories. Auto Electronics Car DVD & Video Car Stereos Car Speakers & Subwoofers Power Inverters Dash Cams. Auto Body Repair Auto Repair Tools. Auto Replacement Parts Oil Filters Engine Air Filters Spark Plugs Brake Parts. Photo Center Available Same Day Blankets Calendars Canvas & Wall Art Cards & Invitations Home Decor & Gifts Jewelry & Clothing Mugs Office Phone Cases Photo Books Pillows Posters Prints. Personalized Shop Easter Rollbacks & Clearance Wedding Invitations Wedding Sweepstakes Graduation Home Decor Clothing & Accessories Bedding & Bath Kitchen & Dining Kids Character Shop. Personalized Jewelry Rings Necklaces Class Rings. Gift Cards Mail a Gift Card Email a Gift Card Specialty Gift Cards Check Card Balances Corporate Gift Card Program. Gift Registry Baby Registry Wedding Registry Lists. Arts, Crafts & Sewing Art & Drawing Supplies Beading & Jewelry Crafting Die Cutting Machines Sewing Fabric Scrapbooking Supplies Artificial Plants & Flowers Knitting & Crochet Yarn Craft Furniture & Storage. Party & Occasions Baking & Pastry Supplies Balloons Cards & Invitations Disposable Tableware Giftwrap & Supplies Party Decorations Party Favors Pinatas. Party Themes Themed Party Sets Anniversary Baby Shower Halloween Christmas Decor. All Departments Auto & Tires Baby Beauty Books Cell Phones Clothing Electronics Food. Gifts & Registry Health Home Home Improvement Household Essentials Jewelry Movies Music Office. Party & Occasions Patio & Garden Pets Pharmacy Photo Center Sports & Outdoors Toys Video Games. FREE Grocery Pickup FREE 2-Day Shipping Shop smart with our app Get your flu shot today Stretch your tax refund. FREE Grocery Pickup FREE 2-Day Shipping Shop smart with our app Get your flu shot today Stretch your tax refund. Pickup Today Grocery Pickup Weekly Ads Credit Card Track Order. Cell Phones Accessories Cases & Protectors. LG X max Phone Case, LG X max Case, by Insten Folio Leather Wallet Cover Stand Case with card slot For LG X max case cover. Average rating: out of 5 stars, based on reviews Write a review ratings. This button opens a dialog that displays additional images for this product with the option to zoom in or out.. With card slot holder Ultra Slim design High quality synthetic leather. Tell us if something is incorrect. 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12. Tell us if something is incorrect. With card slot holder Ultra Slim design High quality synthetic leather. Get specific details about this product from customers who own it.. Be the first to review this item!. Average rating: 0 out of 5 stars, based on reviews. See any care plans, options and policies that may be associated with this product.. Electrode, Comp-283796742, DC-prod-dfw5, ENV-prod-a, PROF-PROD, VER-21.17.3-rc-1, SHA-c37438843926f3cccffc1b3ed5e62a5a7012bec8, CID-. Help Feedback MoneyCenter Privacy & Security CA Privacy Rights Terms of Use. See All Services Walmart MoneyCenter Walmart Credit Card Product Care Plans Walmart Pay. About Walmart.com Corporate Suppliers Sell on Walmart.com Careers @WalmartLabs The Walmart Digital Museum. Terms of Use About Our Ads Affiliate Program CA Privacy Rights Privacy & Security. Returns Policy Product Recalls Int’l Customers Tax Exempt Program Contact Us Feedback Store Pickup. Electronics Toys Video Games Home Products Clothing Sports & Outdoors Baby Products. 
ENGLISH  MENU. You can manage your notification subscription by clicking on the icon. You are Blocked.Please unblock to get news alerts. Click Here to know more.. Also available in: हिन्दी ಕನ್ನಡ മലയാളം தமிழ் తెలుగు বাংলা ગુજરાતી. News Mobile Telecom Wearables Home-Entertainment Apps Laptop Camera Tablet Gaming. Reviews Mobiles Wearables Home-Entertainment Apps Laptops/PC Tablets. How-To Tips and Tricks Mobile Feature Wearable Feature Home-Entertainment Feature Social Media Feature Apps Feature. Gallery Mobiles Concepts Laptops Reviews Wearables Tablets. Videos Reviews How-to First Impression Unboxing Interviews Features. New Devices Search Mobiles Search Laptops Recent Launches Upcoming Mobiles Compare Mobiles Top 10 Mobiles. Key Specs Overview Images Complete Specs Competitors Videos News. LG X Max Upcoming. Facebook Twitter Google Plus. Market Status: Not Available in India | Launch Date in India: N/A |. 13MP Primary Camera, 5 MP Front Camera. 5.5 inches 720 x 1280 pixels. LG X Max comes with a 5.5 inches Capacitive Touchscreen. display with a screen resolution of 720 x 1280 pixels. The smartphone makes use of an Quad-core 1.3 GHz Cortex-A53, Mediatek MT6735 that is coupled with Mali-T720MP2 GPU,. 1.5 GB RAM and 16 GB Storage default memory capacity. This storage can be expanded up to another Up to 32 GB. with the help of a microSD Card.. For imaging, the LG X Max sports a 13 MP Camera with 1080p@30fps, Geo Tagging, Touch Focus.. Up front, the smartphone from LG makes use of a 5 MP Camera with LED Flash selfie camera.. The connectivity aspects on board the LG X Max includes Wi-Fi 802.11 b/g/n, Wi-Fi Direct, hotspot, Yes, microUSB v2.0, with A-GPS, GLONASS. The LG X Max gets the power from a Li-Ion 2800 mAh battery.. The LG X Max runs Android OS, v6.0 (Marshmallow).. The smartphone is priced at Rs. GENERAL Operating System Android OS, v6.0 (Marshmallow) Device type Smartphone Sim Single Sim (Nano) ANNOUNCED Status Not Available in India Global Release Date December 2016 Indian Release Date N/A BODY Dimensions 151.6 x 76.9 x 7.2 mm Weight 133 g DISPLAY Screen size 5.5 inches Form Factor Touch Screen resolution 720 x 1280 pixels Touchscreen Capacitive Touchscreen Technology (Display Type) IPS LCD PROCESSOR CPU Quad-core 1.3 GHz Cortex-A53 GPU Mali-T720MP2 Chipset Mediatek MT6735 STORAGE Internal Storage 16 GB Storage RAM 1.5 GB RAM External Storage Up to 32 GB Card Slot microSD Card Phonebook Unlimited Messaging SMS, MMS, Email, Push Mail, IM, RSS Call Records Unlimited CAMERA Primary camera 13 MP Camera Front Camera 5 MP Camera with LED Flash Video Recording 1080p@30fps Camera Features Geo Tagging, Touch Focus MULTIMEDIA Audio Player eAAC+, FLAC, MP3, WAV, WMA Video Player H.263, H.264, MPEG4, WMV, Xvid, DivX Games Yes FM Radio Yes Speakers Yes Audio Jack 3.5mm Audio Jack BATTERY Type Li-Ion 2800 mAh battery Stand by NA Talk time NA CONNECTIVITY GPRS Yes Edge Yes WLAN Wi-Fi 802.11 b/g/n, Wi-Fi Direct, hotspot Bluetooth Yes USB microUSB v2.0 GPS Facility with A-GPS, GLONASS Browser HTML5 3G Speed HSPA, LTE Cat4 150/50 Mbps NETWORK SUPPORT 3G HSDPA 850 / 900 / 1900 / 2100 MHz 2G GSM 850 / 900 / 1800 / 1900 MHz 4G VoLTE. Samsung Galaxy A8 Plus (2018) (64GB - 6GB RAM). 6 GB 16MP. 8 GB 16MP. Honor View 10 (128GB - 6GB RAM). 6 GB 16MP. 6 GB 16MP. &lt;div id=&quot;vt-video-player&quot;&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;script type=&quot;text/javascript&quot;&gt;window.__ventunoplayer = window.__ventunoplayer||[];window.__ventunoplayer.push({video_key: &quot;MCsxMDA4OTk1fHwxMDA2fHwwfHx8fHx8&quot;, title: &quot;OnePlus 5 vs Honor 8 Pro vs Nubia M2 Which has the best dual-camera setup ! - GIZBOT&quot;, show_title: &quot;true&quot;, holder_id: &quot;vt-video-player&quot;, player_type: &quot;vp&quot;, width:&quot;100%&quot; , ratio:&quot;4:3&quot;});&lt;/script&gt;&lt;script type=&quot;text/javascript&quot;&gt;var vtn_ply_script = document.createElement(&quot;script&quot;);vtn_ply_script.type = &quot;text/javascript&quot;;vtn_ply_script.async = true;vtn_ply_script.src = &quot;https://pl.ventunotech.com/plugins/cntplayer/ventunoSmartPlayer.js&quot;;var vtn_add_script = document.getElementsByTagName(&quot;head&quot;)[0];vtn_add_script.appendChild(vtn_ply_script);&lt;/script&gt;. ZTE Launches Grand X Max With 6-inch HD Display and More October 08, 2014. ZTE has launched its latest smartphone in the US. Called the Grand X Max, it has been launched for the Cricket Wireless in the US. The ZTE Grand X Max comes in black color and is priced at $199.99 (Approx. ZTE Grand X Max+ Launched With a Big 6 Inch Display and QuickCharge technology January 06, 2015. At CES 2015 while we didn't see much smartphone launches on the press day, however ZTE was one of the few of them to announce a big screen smartphone. Yes, we are talking about ZTE Grand X Max+, a big screen. ZTE Blade X Max with 6-inch display, Android Nougat 7.1.1 launched May 13, 2017. ZTE is a popular smartphone brand in the U.S. and thus while the company enjoys such popularity it has introduced a new smartphone in the market. Dubbed as Blade X Max the smartphone falls under the budget category and comes. LG X Power, X Mach, X Style, X Max Smartphones Announced: All You Need to Know June 16, 2016. Following the announcement of X Cam and X Screen, the South Korean electronic giant LG has expanded its portfolio with four more smartphones under its 'X' series today. Dubbed as, X Power, X Mach, X Style and X Max,. Upcoming Upcoming Upcoming Upcoming Upcoming. About Us | Terms of Service | Privacy Policy | RSS | Contact Us | Site Feedback | Sitemap. © Greynium Information Technologies Pvt. Stay updated with latest technology news & gadget reviews - Gizbot. You have already selected 4 products. 
Track Your Order Contact Us Sign in Register. 0 items | $0.00 + Free Shipping Checkout. LG X Max K240 Cases and Accessories. 3FT Noodle USB Sync Data Charging Cable Charger Black for LG X Max K240. 3FT Noodle USB Sync Data Charging Cable Charger Blue for LG X Max K240. 3FT Noodle USB Sync Data Charging Cable Charger ellow for LG X Max K240. 3FT Noodle USB Sync Data Charging Cable Charger Hot Pink for LG X Max K240. 3FT Noodle USB Sync Data Charging Cable Charger Light Pink for LG X Max K240. 3FT Noodle USB Sync Data Charging Cable Charger Neon Green for LG X Max K240. 3FT Noodle USB Sync Data Charging Cable Charger Orange for LG X Max K240. 3FT Noodle USB Sync Data Charging Cable Charger Purple for LG X Max K240. 3FT Noodle USB Sync Data Charging Cable Charger White for LG X Max K240. 6FT Noodle USB Sync Data Charging Cable Charger Black for LG X Max K240. 6FT Noodle USB Sync Data Charging Cable Charger Blue for LG X Max K240. 6FT Noodle USB Sync Data Charging Cable Charger Hot Pink for LG X Max K240. 6FT Noodle USB Sync Data Charging Cable Charger Light Pink for LG X Max K240. 6FT Noodle USB Sync Data Charging Cable Charger Neon Green for LG X Max K240. 6FT Noodle USB Sync Data Charging Cable Charger Orange for LG X Max K240. 6FT Noodle USB Sync Data Charging Cable Charger Purple for LG X Max K240. 6FT Noodle USB Sync Data Charging Cable Charger Red for LG X Max K240. 6FT Noodle USB Sync Data Charging Cable Charger White for LG X Max K240. 10FT Noodle USB Sync Data Charging Cable Charger Black for LG X Max K240. 10FT Noodle USB Sync Data Charging Cable Charger Blue for LG X Max K240. 10FT Noodle USB Sync Data Charging Cable Charger Neon Green for LG X Max K240. 10FT Noodle USB Sync Data Charging Cable Charger Orange for LG X Max K240. 10FT Noodle USB Sync Data Charging Cable Charger Purple for LG X Max K240. 10FT Noodle USB Sync Data Charging Cable Charger Red for LG X Max K240. 10FT Noodle USB Sync Data Charging Cable Charger White for LG X Max K240. 3FT Rope Braided USB Sync Data Charging Cable Charger Baby Blue for LG X Max K240. 3FT Rope Braided USB Sync Data Charging Cable Charger Black for LG X Max K240. 3FT Rope Braided USB Sync Data Charging Cable Charger Hot Pink for LG X Max K240. 3FT Rope Braided USB Sync Data Charging Cable Charger Light Pink for LG X Max K240. 3FT Rope Braided USB Sync Data Charging Cable Charger Neon Green for LG X Max K240. 3FT Rope Braided USB Sync Data Charging Cable Charger Orange for LG X Max K240. 3FT Rope Braided USB Sync Data Charging Cable Charger Purple for LG X Max K240. 3FT Rope Braided USB Sync Data Charging Cable Charger Red for LG X Max K240. 3FT Rope Braided USB Sync Data Charging Cable Charger White for LG X Max K240. 3FT Rope Braided USB Sync Data Charging Cable Charger Yellow for LG X Max K240. 6FT Rope Braided USB Sync Data Charging Cable Charger Baby Blue for LG X Max K240. 6FT Rope Braided USB Sync Data Charging Cable Charger Black for LG X Max K240. 6FT Rope Braided USB Sync Data Charging Cable Charger Blue for LG X Max K240. 6FT Rope Braided USB Sync Data Charging Cable Charger Hot Pink for LG X Max K240. 6FT Rope Braided USB Sync Data Charging Cable Charger Light Pink for LG X Max K240. 6FT Rope Braided USB Sync Data Charging Cable Charger Neon Green for LG X Max K240. 6FT Rope Braided USB Sync Data Charging Cable Charger Purple for LG X Max K240. 6FT Rope Braided USB Sync Data Charging Cable Charger Red for LG X Max K240. 6FT Rope Braided USB Sync Data Charging Cable Charger White for LG X Max K240. 6FT Rope Braided USB Sync Data Charging Cable Charger Yellow for LG X Max K240. 10FT Rope Braided USB Sync Data Charging Cable Charger Black for LG X Max K240. 10FT Rope Braided USB Sync Data Charging Cable Charger Blue for LG X Max K240. 10FT Rope Braided USB Sync Data Charging Cable Charger Hot Pink for LG X Max K240. 10FT Rope Braided USB Sync Data Charging Cable Charger Light Pink for LG X Max K240. 10FT Rope Braided USB Sync Data Charging Cable Charger Orange for LG X Max K240. 10FT Rope Braided USB Sync Data Charging Cable Charger Purple for LG X Max K240. 10FT Rope Braided USB Sync Data Charging Cable Charger Red for LG X Max K240. 10FT Rope Braided USB Sync Data Charging Cable Charger White for LG X Max K240. 8 Inch Tiny Rope Braided USB Sync Data Charging Cable Charger Black for LG X Max K240. 8 Inch Tiny Rope Braided USB Sync Data Charging Cable Charger Blue for LG X Max K240. 8 Inch Tiny Rope Braided USB Sync Data Charging Cable Charger Hot Pink for LG X Max K240. 8 Inch Tiny Rope Braided USB Sync Data Charging Cable Charger Pink for LG X Max K240. 8 Inch Tiny Rope Braided USB Sync Data Charging Cable Charger Red for LG X Max K240. 8 Inch Tiny Rope Braided USB Sync Data Charging Cable Charger White for LG X Max K240. 8 Inch Tiny Rope Braided USB Sync Data Charging Cable Charger Yellow for LG X Max K240. 3FT USB Sync Data Charging Cable Cord Charger Black for LG X Max K240. 3FT USB Sync Data Charging Cable Cord Charger White for LG X Max K240. Micro USB 1.0 Amp Car Charger for LG X Max K240. Micro USB 1.0 Amp Car Charger Retractable for LG X Max K240. Micro USB 1.0 Amp Home Wall Charger for LG X Max K240. Bluetooth Headset Hands Free Wireless Earpiece Headphones with Microphone Silver for LG X Max K240. Bluetooth Headset Wireless Stereo Headphones Earphones Sport Neckband Handsfree Blue Black for LG X Max K240. Bluetooth Headset Wireless Stereo Headphones Earphones Sport Neckband Handsfree Gold Black for LG X Max K240. Bluetooth Headset Wireless Stereo Headphones Earphones Sport Neckband Handsfree Green Black for LG X Max K240. Bluetooth Headset Wireless Stereo Headphones Earphones Sport Neckband Handsfree Purple Black for LG X Max K240. Bluetooth Headset Wireless Stereo Headphones Earphones Sport Neckband Handsfree Purple White for LG X Max K240. Bluetooth Headset Wireless Stereo Headphones Earphones Sport Neckband Handsfree Red Black for LG X Max K240. Bluetooth Headset Wireless Stereo Headphones Earphones Sport Neckband Handsfree Silver Black for LG X Max K240. Bluetooth Headset Wireless Stereo Headphones Earphones Sport Neckband Handsfree Yellow Black for LG X Max K240. Bluetooth Headset Wireless Stereo Headphones Earphones Sport Neckband Handsfree Yellow White for LG X Max K240. Dual 2 Port USB Car Charger 4.8 Amp/24W Fast Charging Baby Blue for LG X Max K240. Dual 2 Port USB Car Charger 4.8 Amp/24W Fast Charging Blue for LG X Max K240. Dual 2 Port USB Car Charger 4.8 Amp/24W Fast Charging Gold for LG X Max K240. Dual 2 Port USB Car Charger 4.8 Amp/24W Fast Charging Gray for LG X Max K240. Dual 2 Port USB Car Charger 4.8 Amp/24W Fast Charging Hot Pink for LG X Max K240. Dual 2 Port USB Car Charger 4.8 Amp/24W Fast Charging Silver for LG X Max K240. FishEye Camera Universal Phone Clip for LG X Max K240. Multi-Angle Mini Portable Durable Aluminum Tablet Smartphone Stand for LG X Max K240. Universal Wire Cord Organizer Clips for LG X Max K240. Waterproof Smartphone Pouch Dry Bag Black for LG X Max K240. Waterproof Smartphone Pouch Dry Bag Blue for LG X Max K240. Waterproof Smartphone Pouch Dry Bag Clear for LG X Max K240. Waterproof Smartphone Pouch Dry Bag Hot Pink for LG X Max K240. Wireless Neckband Earbuds Bluetooth Headphones In-Ear Sport Gym Running Blue for LG X Max K240. Wireless Neckband Earbuds Bluetooth Headphones In-Ear Sport Gym Running Orange for LG X Max K240. Wireless Neckband Earbuds Bluetooth Headphones In-Ear Sport Gym Running Red for LG X Max K240. 2 Amp 2 USB Ports Car Charger Adapter Black for LG X Max K240. 3.1 Amp 4 USB Ports Wall Home Charger Adapter White for LG X Max K240. 2 Amp Fast Charging Wall Home Charger Adapter Black for LG X Max K240. 2 Amp Fast Charging Wall Home Charger Adapter Light Pink for LG X Max K240. 2 Amp Fast Charging Wall Home Charger Adapter Neon Green for LG X Max K240. 2 Amp Fast Charging Wall Home Charger Adapter Orange for LG X Max K240. 2 Amp Fast Charging Wall Home Charger Adapter Purple for LG X Max K240. 2 Amp Fast Charging Wall Home Charger Adapter Red for LG X Max K240. 2 Port Dual Car Charger Adapter Fast Charging Baby Blue for LG X Max K240. We are committed to increase the safety and security of your payments.. We provide you with fast and free delivery regardless of the product size and value.. 
more ... more .... more ... more .... LG X mach and X max showcased in official promo videos. LG X mach and X max showcased in official promo videos. posted by Florin T.. Tags :. LG - LG + Android - Android +. Officially unveiled in June, the LG X mach and LG X max smartphones should both hit the market in the near future. Until that happens, LG released two promo videos - embedded below - that allow us to take a better look at the new handsets. The first promo video highlights the fact that the LG X mach features support for LTE Cat. 9 3CA - this means that, theoretically, it can provide data transfer speeds of over 400 Mbps. The X mach also comes with a six-core Qualcomm Snapdragon processor, a 5.5-inch Quad HD display, and a fingerprint scanner located on the rear. The second video showcases the LG X max. Obviously, this is a pretty big phone , though it's not larger than the X mach, as it, too, features a 5.5-inch screen. However, unlike the X mach, the LG X max offers more modest features. For example, its screen is just a 720p one, its processor is a quad-core 1.3 GHz one, and there's only 2 GB of RAM on board. All in all, it looks like the X max is similar to the LG X5 that was launched earlier this month in South Korea, LG's home country. LG has yet to reveal complete specs sheets for the X mach and X max, though we know that both handsets will run Android 6.0 Marshmallow out of the box. One of LG's X series handsets - the X power - is already available in North America , but only in Canada for now. We'll let you know when we hear anything about the release of the other X series smartphones.. LG X mach and X max promo videos. double click to zoom in and out. <iframe width="640" height="415" src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/9uDpdp4d0vc" frameborder="0" allowfullscreen=""></iframe>. <iframe width="640" height="480" src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/cc_eopVyb8c" frameborder="0" allowfullscreen=""></iframe>. LG X mach and X max promo videos. LG X mach and X max promo videos. Galaxy S9 vs iPhone X hands-on: A battle royale. Samsung Galaxy S9 and S9+ hands-on: Worthy of celebrity hands. LG X Mach Compare. Best high-end, mid-range, and entry-level LG phones you can buy right now (November 2016). LG goes official with four new X-series smartphones: X power, X mach, X style, and X max. (Posts: 5868; Member since: 06 May 2016). posted on 17 Jul 2016, 15:22. Those new X series are some weird names for a smartphone. Just like OnePlus 3 - who is a fan addition?. (Posts: 161; Member since: 23 Feb 2015). posted on 17 Jul 2016, 17:37. The new X Max to be released on December, 24th.. (Posts: 40; Member since: 19 Sep 2012). posted on 18 Jul 2016, 01:13. they should just stop making smartphones as they just make things worse, after the lgg5 debacle, it pointless, they have to make something totally new to catch up. new hardware new software (UI) and so on everything about LG IS boring or ugly,. Want to comment? Please login or register .. LG X mach and X max showcased in official promo videos. LG X mach and X max showcased in official promo videos. Gear S4 may come with a blood pressure monitor, Samsung patent reveals. Google Pay launches today, but its most important feature is not here yet. Galaxy S9 and S9+ previewed in glorious detail with full specs and release date. Galaxy S9 and S9+ price and release date on Verizon, AT&T, T-Mobile and Best Buy. The Samsung Galaxy S9 and S9+ have game-changing cameras with variable aperture and 960fps slow-mo video recording. The Big Barcelona Camera Comparison: iPhone X vs Pixel 2 XL vs Note 8. Samsung Galaxy S9 and S9+ rumor review: Specs, design, features, price and release date. Sony presents Xperia XZ2 and XZ2 Compact: new design and Snapdragon 845. Galaxy S9 Exynos edition gets benchmarked against rivals!. Galaxy S9 first camera comparison vs iPhone X, V30, S8. Samsung Galaxy S9 & S9+ hands-on. MWC 2018: top smartphones to expect. Best smartphone you can buy in 2018. Allo is a quality app, but Google isn't giving it a real chance. All content (phone reviews, news, specs, info), design and layouts are Copyright 2001-2018 phoneArena.com. Reproduction in whole or in part or in any form or medium without written permission is prohibited! Privacy. 
Sign in or Create an account. UNLOCK ALCATEL VERSO U5 FROM CRICKET NETWORK. UNLOCK LENOVO MOTO TAB FROM AT&T NETWORK. AT&T HUAWEI MATE 10 PRO UNLOCK CODE. UNLOCK HUAWEI MATE 10 L09 FROM AT&T NETWORK. Home AT&T LG Unlock Code AT&T MEXICO LG X MAX Unlock Code. Home AT&T Unlock Code AT&T MEXICO LG X MAX Unlock Code. AT&T MEXICO LG X MAX Unlock Code. AT&T MEXICO LG X MAX Unlock Code. What Are The Perks Of An Unlocked AT&T MEXICO LG X MAX?. How Do I Get My AT&T MEXICO LG X MAX Unlock Code?. A Guide to Unlocking the AT&T MEXICO LG X MAX. Turn off the AT&T MEXICO LG X MAX. Insert a new SIM card (unsupported carrier). Turn on the AT&T MEXICO LG X MAX phone. The AT&T MEXICO LG X MAX will ask you for a Network Unlock PIN. Enter the AT&T MEXICO LG X MAX unlock code. Voila! Your AT&T MEXICO LG X MAX has been unlocked.. Are you looking to unlock AT&T device. This may happen if you are going out of the country with your locked AT&T device. Well, you can get it unlocked for a low price and incredibly fast. We provide you with AT&T Device Unlock Code that will unlock any of AT&T Device including your precious AT&T MEXICO LG X MAX $14.99 .. Sure, this might seem unbelievable, but its true! Our hassle-free process for unlocking the AT&T MEXICO LG X MAX will have you amazed. In fact, you can unlock any AT&T Device on your own in a few easy steps if you simply follow it. It all will be over before you know it.. We will send you the AT&T MEXICO LG X MAX unlock code within given time frame after you order one from us. There isn’t anything illegal here either: we get our AT&T device unlock codes directly from the AT&T code generator database.. When you look to us for your AT&T MEXICO LG X MAX unlock code, you can be 99.99% sure that we will unlock your AT&T MEXICO LG X MAX phone. Our guarantee includes a promise of safe AT&T device unlocking service and respectful, professional treatment. It doesn’t matter if you have an unclean or blacklisted IMEI, unpaid bills, or if you have tried to unlock AT&T MEXICO LG X MAX too many times. Our solution works 100% without any issue.. AT&T MEXICO LG X MAX is also known as LG K240.. The biggest and most awesome one is usability. With an unlocked AT&T MEXICO LG X MAX, you get to travel anywhere in the world and use any SIM card from any carrier, domestic or international, without issues and without having to pay ridiculous roaming rates.. You also don’t have to worry about locking your AT&T MEXICO LG X MAX ever again. The AT&T MEXICO LG X MAX unlock process is a one-time thing, so you won’t lose the unlocked version of your AT&T MEXICO LG X MAX device even if you perform a hard reset.. Added value to your resale price is also a bonus if you plan on selling AT&T MEXICO LG X MAX phone later. There is a high demand for unlocked AT&T MEXICO LG X MAX phones. This means you can sell your AT&T MEXICO LG X MAX for a far higher price when unlocked.. Provide us with your AT&T MEXICO LG X MAX IMEI number by dialing *#06# on your dialer and recording the number that pops up. That’s all you need to do on your end for unlocking AT&T MEXICO LG X MAX!. There are 5 easy steps to follow once we send you the AT&T MEXICO LG X MAX unlock code.. If you really need to enjoy the numerous benefits of an unlocked AT&T MEXICO LG X MAX, feel free to place your order for AT&T MEXICO LG X MAX unlock code with us for safe, efficient and fast unlocking of your AT&T MEXICO LG X MAX mobile phone.. How to get LG K240 unlock code. How to unlock ATAT LG K240. How do you rate this product?. Write a headline for your review here:. This product hasn't received any reviews yet. Be the first to review this product!. Click the button below to add the AT&T MEXICO LG X MAX Unlock Code to your wish list.. AT&T MEXICO HISENSE F20 Unlock Code. AT&T MEXICO HUAWEI P10 UNLOCK CODE. AT&T MEXICO HUAWEI P9 Unlock Code. AT&T MEXICO LENOVO B Unlock Code. AT&T MEXICO HUAWEI GW Unlock Code. AT&T MEXICO LG X MAX Unlock Code. Thank you.the Unlock Code for AT&T Microsoft Lumia 640 XL works. Got the AT&T LG G4 H810 Unlock Code within few hours. AT&T Nokia Lumia 1520 Unlock Code worked like a charm ! i will use service again. Thanks to your team for providing me AT&T SIM Network Unlock PIN for my phone.. All prices are in USD .. 
http:/ / www.phonescoop.com/ articles/ article.php? a=18124. Hands On with the LG X max. The LG X max handset's claim to fame is its huge 5.5-inch screen. This rather vanilla-looking smartphone is meant for unending video streaming. The X max is a big phone. The 5.5-inch screen pushes the footprint out to 5.95 inches tall and a whopping 3.03 inches wide, but LG thankfully kept the device rather thin at 7.2mm. The X max is a big phone.. The phone's style is rather understated. It is white up up front and around back, but the two panels are split by a chrome frame that wraps around the side edges. There are some nice curves to the phone's face at the top and bottom ends. That's as far as LG went to dress up the phone, which is otherwise rather boring.. You can tell the X max is a mid-range device. The materials are of so-so quality. The plastics feel a bit creaky to me. There's no doubt this phone is a two-hander. Anything that pushes past about 2.75 inches wide becomes difficult to use one handed — and the X max is way past that point. It is very light, which I appreciate, but stuffing it into pockets may be problematic.. The expansive piece of glass gives you plenty of real estate to view YouTube clips and movies. I found the display to be plenty bright and the resolution is just fine. There are no physical buttons; LG prefers on-screen buttons. A chrome-accented grille sets atop the glass for the earpiece, and the user-facing camera and sensor array are plainly visible.. My fingers easily found the volume toggle on the left edge, where it protrudes nicely. The button has sharp travel and feedback that I thought was pleasing. The same is true of the screen lock button on the other side. The USB port and headphone jack are on the bottom.. The back surface is deadly boring. There is an incredibly fine texture to the white plastic, but it's all but impossible to see unless the phone is close to your eyes. The camera module sticks up just a little bit, with the flash set off to the right. LG's signature butterfly-shaped speakerphone grille is in the bottom-left corner. Believe it or not, the rear panel and the 2,800mAh battery can be removed.. Qualcomm's Snapdragon chipset offered plenty of power for the phone, which had no trouble firing up Youtube and playing some clips from the latest X-Men movie.. carriers have announced plans to sell this phone. As far as phablets go, it covers the basics.. Hands On with the ZTE Z Max Pro for MetroPCS. ZTE showed off the Z Max Pro today, a huge Android handset for MetroPCS. This phablet packs a reasonable set of specs for less than $100, including a 6-inch full HD screen and 13-megapixel camera.. LeTV is likely unfamiliar to U.S. consumers, but the company hopes to change that with the Max Pro smartphone.. Hands On with the ZTE Blade Z Max. This follow-up to the affordable ZMAX Pro keeps the huge 6-inch screen, while upgrading a few key specs. It has a premium metal-frame design, fingerprint reader, huge battery, and dual-lens main camera.. Hands On with Asus ZenFone 4 Max 5.2 and Max 5.5. The Asus ZenFone 4 Max series includes two budget-focused Android handsets. The two phones share most design characteristics and many specs, with the screens (5.2 inches and 5.5 inches) serving as the biggest differentiator.. Review: ZTE Blade X MAX for Cricket Wireless. ZTE's latest Android handset for Cricket Wireless is the monstrous Blade X Max. This beast of a smartphone offers a whopping 6-inch screen, all-day battery life, and a compelling software experience.. Subscribe to news & reviews with RSS. Review: ZTE Avid 4 for MetroPCS. ZTE's latest low-cost handset for MetroPCS offers entry-level specs and performance. It includes a 5-inch screen, 8-megapixel camera, and Android 7 Nougat. MetroPCS customers can score this handset for next to nothing, but there might be better options. Here is Phone Scoop's in-depth review.. Review: Tech 21 Evo Check Case for Pixel 2 XL. Tech 21's latest accessory for the Google Pixel 2 XL is the Evo Check, a three-layer case that provides protection for drops up to three meters. We put this case to the test to see if it's worth your hard-earned dollars.. Review: IK Multimedia iRig Pro I/O for iPhone. The iRig Pro I/O is a compact audio interface that lets musicians, singers, and podcasters connect their instruments or microphones to Apple iPhones, iPads, and Macs. It takes all the best features of the larger iRig Pro Duo and boils them down to the most essential tools in a highly portable package.. Review: Speck Presidio Ultra Case for iPhone X. Speck's newest case for the Apple iPhone X, the Presidio Ultra, is a three-piece kit that includes a base case, an extra bumper, and a rugged holster. If you need hardcore protection with a little bit of flexibility throughout the day, the Presidio Ultra is an interesting entry.. Hands On with the Samsung Galaxy S9 and S9+. Samsung's new flagship handsets, the Galaxy S9 and S9+, are here and they offer lots to be excited about. Samsung took the wining design of last year's phones and upped the ante with improvements to the chassis, cameras, and software.. Review: WeBoost Drive Sleek In-Car Signal Booster. WeBoost's Drive Sleek in-vehicle signal booster amplifies wireless signals inside your car. If you're a mobile professional or road trip fanatic and need better wireless performance when behind the wheel, the WeBoost can help.. Review: Kingston DataTraveler Duo Bolt for iPhone. The Kingston DataTraveler Duo Bolt is a small thumb drive that plugs into the bottom of your iPhone and saves all your photos and videos. If you're looking for a quick way to free up space on your iOS device, the DataTraveler Duo Bolt is ideal in certain situations.. Review: Coolpad Revvl Plus for T-Mobile. The Revvl Plus is an affordable Android slab that delivers an enormous screen at a reasonable price point. Stand-out features include a dual-camera system for capturing bokeh-style portraits, and a fingerprint reader for security. Here is Phone Scoop's in-depth report.. Subscribe to Phone Scoop News with RSS. Subscribe to Phone Scoop on YouTube. All content Copyright 2001-2018 Phone Factor, LLC. Content on this site may not be copied or republished without formal permission.. By registering, you agree to our Terms of Use. We value your privacy and will never share your email address. 
ARY News Live Geo News Express News Ten Sports Makkah Live. Mobile Prices LG LG X max. LG X max Price in Pakistan, Spec & Reviews. Larger than your imagination, LG X Max is wrapped in amazing specs and features that you rightly crave for in market competitive pricing. Network Technology GSM / HSPA / LTE 2G bands GSM 850 / 900 / 1800 / 1900 3G bands HSDPA 850 / 900 / 1900 / 2100 4G bands LTE band 1(2100), 3(1800), 7(2600), 8(900), 20(800) Speed HSPA, LTE GPRS Yes EDGE Yes Launch Announced 2016, June Status Coming soon. release 2016, July Body Dimensions Weight - SIM Yes Display Type IPS LCD capacitive touchscreen, 16M colors Size 6.0 inches Resolution 1080 x 1920 pixels (~367 ppi pixel density) Multitouch Yes Platform OS Android OS, v6.0 (Marshmallow) Memory Card slot microSD, up to 256 GB (dedicated slot) Camera Yes Sound Alert types Vibration; MP3, WAV ringtones Loudspeaker Yes 3.5mm jack Yes Comms WLAN Wi-Fi 802.11 a/b/g/n, WiFi Direct, hotspot Bluetooth Yes GPS Yes, with A-GPS, GLONASS Radio FM radio USB Yes Features Sensors Accelerometer, proximity, compass Messaging SMS(threaded view), MMS, Email, Push Mail, IM Browser HTML5 Java No - Fast battery charging - MP4/H.264 player - MP3/WAV/eAAC+/Flac player - Photo/video editor - Document viewer Battery. Product image for illustrative purposes (Actual image of LG K8). high quality assembly speaks for itself, body of lg x max made of metal, while the rear leather clearly covers the transverse aluminum polished bands. measurements of this phone from every angle shows that this is very slim phone which means stylus 2 plus by lg easily fits in your pockets. This is the great mobile that has the good specific features and many new apps which we didn’t use in the another mobiles. The most attractive design, camera specs, memory specs, and battery power of LG X max is the reason enough to buy this phone. I am all impressed with the technology integrated in this device and the economical pricing that I can easily afford. A 3000 mAh battery life is available in LG X Mach that gives you longer talk time. Get the authentic LG X Mach price in Pakistan updated online on this page. This mobile is not available in markets.but through this page my friend buy this mobile.and this mobile is so good.its features and other details of this mobile is amazing. LG X max Price in Pakistan, Spec & Reviews. Larger than your imagination, LG X Max is wrapped in amazing specs and features that you rightly crave for in market competitive pricing. The display of LG X Max sports a 6 inches screen size with 1080 x 1920 pixels resolution that makes your phone screen looks brighter and crispier giving you high quality graphics if you watch videos, or play games etc. LG X Max is running on Android Marsh Mallow OS with loads of space inside via micro SD card up to 256 GB. Loud speaker and 3.5 mm jack is also available that allows the users to play music on earphones or loud to enjoy. Wi-Fi, Bluetooth, GPS, Radio, and USB are all present in this LG X Max that allows you to connect to the world easily. HTML 5 browser is used by LG X Max and sensors like Accelerometer, proximity, and compass makes your device looks amazing. Other salient features of LG X Max include fast battery charging, MP4/MP3 players, photo/video editor, and lot more. High quality camera is available to make you click moments and save them in your phone. You can get this phone in different colors. Get your affordable LG X Max price in Pakistan updated online on this page.. full specification & features like front and back camera, battery life, internal. and external memory ram mobile color and other features, also read. reviews, watch video and large front and back images.. Get all the latest updates of. price in Pakistan, Karachi, Lahore, Islamabad and other cities in Pakistan.. Karachi Kings Case for iPho .. M2 - Wireless Bluetooth 4.1 .. HBS 730 - Wireless Neckband .. Vintage Leather Case For Sa .. 
ENGLISH  MENU. You can manage your notification subscription by clicking on the icon. You are Blocked.Please unblock to get news alerts. Click Here to know more.. Also available in: हिन्दी ಕನ್ನಡ മലയാളം தமிழ் తెలుగు বাংলা ગુજરાતી. News Mobile Telecom Wearables Home-Entertainment Apps Laptop Camera Tablet Gaming. Reviews Mobiles Wearables Home-Entertainment Apps Laptops/PC Tablets. How-To Tips and Tricks Mobile Feature Wearable Feature Home-Entertainment Feature Social Media Feature Apps Feature. Gallery Mobiles Concepts Laptops Reviews Wearables Tablets. Videos Reviews How-to First Impression Unboxing Interviews Features. New Devices Search Mobiles Search Laptops Recent Launches Upcoming Mobiles Compare Mobiles Top 10 Mobiles. LG X Power, X Mach, X Style, X Max Smartphones Announced: All You Need to Know. LG X Power, X Mach, X Style, X Max Smartphones Announced: All You Need to Know. Published: Thursday, June 16, 2016, 17:31 [IST]. Following the announcement of X Cam and X Screen , the South Korean electronic giant LG has expanded its portfolio with four more smartphones under its 'X' series today.. Dubbed as, X Power , X Mach, X Style and X Max, these smartphones comes under the mid-ranger segment. However, the pricing and availability of these devices are not known, we are expecting more information in the upcoming days.. Let's have a look at the special feature of these four smartphones individually, in the below slider.. Stay tuned to GizBot for more updates!. LG X Power #1 LG X Power #2 LG X Power #3 LG X Style #1 LG X Style #2 LG X Style #3 LG X Mach #1 LG X Mach #2 LG X Mach #3 LG X Max #1 LG X Max #2 LG X Max #3. The X Power comes with 5.3-inch HD display with a resolution of 1280×720 pixels. On the hardware, the X Power is powered by a Quad-Core MediaTek processor with Mali-T720 GPU under the hood.. The LG X Power is clubbed with 2GB RAM with 16GB ROM, which can be expanded up to 32GB via microSD card slot. Talking about the software front, this device is shipped with Android 6.0 Marshmallow out of the box.. In terms of optics, the X Power flaunts a 13MP rear camera with LED flash and an 8MP front camera. The above hardware is powered by a 4100mAh battery with PE+ fast charging technology.. The LG X Style also shares the same display config with 5.3-inch HD display with a resolution of 1280×720 pixels. On the other hand, this device is powered by a Quad-Core Qualcomm Snapdragon 410 processor clocked at 1.2GHz with Adreno 306 as GPU.. This device is equipped with 1.5GB RAM, with 16GB as inbuilt memory. Also, the user can expand this up to 128GB via MicroSD card slot. The LG X Style is shipped with Android 6.0 Marshmallow out of the box.. This smartphone dons an 8MP rear camera with LED flash and a 5MP front camera on board. Also, this dual SIM mobile is juiced with 2100mAh battery under the hood.. The LG X Mach sports a 5.5-inch Quad HD IPS Quantum display with a resolution of 2560×1440 pixels. Also, it is powered by an Hexa-core processor under the board.. This mid-ranger is clubbed with 3GB RAM with 32GB of inbuilt memory, which can be expanded via microSD card slot. Also, this device is shipped with Android 6.0 Marshmallow out of the box.. The LG X Mach sports a 12.3MP rear camera with LED flash and an 8MP front camera on board. Also, this device is powered by a 3000mAh battery.. In terms of LG Max, it sports a 5.5-inch IPS LCD display with a pixel density of 401ppi. Further, this device is powered by a Hexa Core Qualcomm Snapdragon 650 SoC clocked at 1.8GHz under the hood.. The LG X Max has 2GB RAM, with 16GB of inbuilt storage with an expandable option up to 128GB. Also, this mid-ranger comes shipped with Android 6.0 Marshmallow out of the box.. As per the spec sheet, the so-called LG X Max is powered by an 3000mAh battery under the hood.. Stay tuned to GizBot for more updates!. Gizbot Stay updated with latest technology news & gadget reviews. lg x | lg | smartphones | android | news. Story first published: Thursday, June 16, 2016, 17:31 [IST]. Other articles published on Jun 16, 2016. Sony has a surprise launch for MWC 2018: Three Xperia models incoming SanDisk Connect Wireless Stick, Ultra Dual Drive m3.0 Review: Reinvented to work with any devices Sony Xperia XZ2 render and specs leaked; MWC 2018 launch expected. DELIVERED TO YOUR INBOX FOR FREE. বাংলা ગુજરાતી हिन्दी ಕನ್ನಡ മലയാളം தமிழ் తెలుగు. News Gear Tablet Laptop Mobile Gadgets Features How-To Gadget Finder. Filmibeat Boldsky Drivespark Goodreturns Native Planet Careerindia Clickin. About Us | Terms of Service | Privacy Policy | RSS | Contact Us | Site Feedback | Sitemap. © Greynium Information Technologies Pvt. Stay updated with latest technology news & gadget reviews - Gizbot. 
Sign Up Login My Account ▾ Compare ▾. Mobiles ▾ Laptops ▾ Tablets ▾ Smartwatches ▾ TVs ▾ Refrigerators ▾ Microwaves ▾ Washing Machines ▾ Air Conditioners ▾ More Categories ▾. Samsung Apple OnePlus Motorola Xiaomi Asus Oppo Vivo. Upto Rs 5,000 Upto Rs 10,000 Upto Rs 15,000 Upto Rs 20,000 Upto Rs 30,000 View All Mobiles. 4G Phones Big Battery 4GB RAM Big Screen Android Mobile Phones 32GB Storage Fingerprint scanner. Dell HP Lenovo Apple Acer Asus. 10,000 Up to Rs. 15,000 Up to Rs. 20,000 Up to Rs. 30,000 Up to Rs. 40,000 Up to Rs. 50,000 Up to Rs. 2 in 1 Laptops Core i5 Laptops Touchscreen Laptops Full HD Laptops 8GB RAM Laptops Core i7 Laptops Laptops with SSD. Apple Samsung Lenovo Micromax Asus Microsoft. 10,000 Up to Rs. 15,000 Up to Rs. 20,000 Up to Rs. 30,000 Up to Rs. Tablet with Calling Facility 4G Tablets All iPads Samsung Galaxy Tablets 3G Tablets. Apple Motorola LG Samsung. 10,000 Up to Rs. 20,000 Up to Rs. 30,000 Up to Rs. Samsung Sony LG VU Videocon Panasonic Onida Philips. 10,000 Up to Rs. 20,000 Up to Rs. 30,000 Up to Rs. 40,000 Up to Rs. 3D TVs Curved TVs Smart TVs 32-inch TVs 40-inch TVs LED TVs Full HD TVs. Samsung LG Whirlpool Videocon Godrej Haier Panasonic Electrolux. 10,000 Up to Rs. 20,000 Up to Rs. 30,000 Up to Rs. 40,000 Up to Rs. Single Door Refrigerators Double Door Refrigerators Triple Door Refrigerators Mini Refrigerators Refrigerators with water dispenser 5 Star Rated Refrigerators. LG Samsung IFB Bajaj Electrolux Onida Kenstar Godrej. 5,000 Up to Rs. 7,000 Up to Rs. 10,000 Up to Rs. 15,000 Up to Rs. Grill Microwave Ovens Convection Microwave Ovens Microwave Oven with Convection and Grill Microwave Oven with 1 Year Warranty Microwave Oven with 2 Year Warranty. LG Samsung Panasonic IFB Videocon Whirlpool Bosch Godrej. 10,000 Up to Rs. 20,000 Up to Rs. 30,000 Up to Rs. 50,000 Up to Rs. 60,000 View All Washing Machines. Fully Automatic Washing Machines Semi Automatic Washing Machines Top Loading Washing Machines Front Loading Washing Machines Washer and Dryer Washing Machine with Heater. Voltas Samsung LG Mitsubishi Whirlpool Blue Star General Hitachi. 25,000 Up to Rs. 30,000 Up to Rs. 35,000 Up to Rs. 40,000 Up to Rs. 50,000 Up to Rs. 60,000 View All Air Conditioners. 5 Star Rated Air Conditioners 4 Star Rated Air Conditioners 3 Star Rated Air Conditioners 1.5 Ton Split Air Conditioners 1 Ton Split Air Conditioners Window Air Conditioners Split Air Conditioners. Printers External Hard Disks (HDD) Routers Point and Shoot Cameras DSLR Cameras Fitness Tracker Gaming Consoles. Home Mobile Phones LG LG X Max. LG X Max is currently not available. Price Specs Quick Review Video News Similar User Reviews Write a Review. – VFM yet to be calculated. We calculate this score by comparing the specs, price & brand of this product to similarly priced products.. Save Money - Get Price Drop Alerts!. Great! Don't forget to click the confirmation link sent to your email.. Buy LG X Max In India at These Prices. We are unable to find prices at any of our partner stores for this :(. LG X Max Full Features & Specifications. Screen Size 5.5 inch Screen Resolution 1280 x 720 pixels Screen Type LCD Pixel Density 267 PPI Chipset. Brand MediaTek Processor Speed 1.3GHz Processor MediaTek MT6735 Processor Type Quad-Core RAM 1.5GB Graphics Mali-T720 MP2 Camera. Rear Camera Resolution 13MP Front Camera Resolution 5MP Camera Details Geo-Tagging, Touch Focus, Face Detection Video Recording Resolution Full HD Video Recording (1080p) Camera Features Autofocus, LED Flash General Specifications Operating System Android OS Version Android 6.0 Marshmallow Device Type Touchscreen USB Connector Type Micro USB Features GPS, FM Radio Dimensions (mm) 151.6 x 76.9 x 7.2 Weight 133 grams Connectivity 4G LTE (India Compatible), 3G, 2G, WiFi, Bluetooth Headphone Jack Type 3.5mm Color Dark Blue Build Material Plastic Device Warranty 1 Year Storage. Internal Storage 16GB Card Slot Yes Maximum Card Slot Capacity 32GB Communication SIM Card Slots Single Network Type GSM SIM Card Type Nano SIM Battery. Battery Capacity 2800mAh Battery Type Lithium-ion (Li-ion) Removable Battery Yes. Note: Scores are assigned in comparison to similarly priced products. Samsung Galaxy A5 (2018) Xiaomi Redmi Note 5 Infinix Hot S3 Tecno i7 Xiaomi Redmi Note 5 Pro (6GB/64GB) Samsung Galaxy A3 (2017). 4G Mobile Phones Price Android Mobile Phones Price In India All Mobiles Price Upcoming Mobile Phones Price In India Best Touch Screen Mobile Phones Under Rs. 2,000 Price LG Mobile Phones Price In India Android Mobile Phones under Rs. 5,000 Price Android Mobile Phones Under Rs. 3,000 Price In India ZSTONE Mobile Phones Price Mobile Phones With Android Marshmallow Price In India. Articles Related to LG X Max. Buying An Air Conditioner In India – Everything You Want To Know; Tips & Guide!. M-tech Foto 3 – Dual Rear Cameras for Rs. Budget Friendly Comio S1 Lite and C2 Lite Launched. An Interesting Story of How Google’s Find my Device Helped Recover a Lost Sma.... Ziox Duopix F9 with Dual Selfie Cameras Launched. Moto Z2 Force Goes Official for Rs. 34,999 in India with Unbreakable Display,.... Nokia 7 Plus and Nokia 1 Leaked Yet Again. Intex Aqua Lions T1 Lite With Selfie Flash Launched. Redmi Note 5 and Note 5 Pro Launched in India, Starting at Rs. Infinix Hot S3 with 20MP Selfie Camera Launched in India starting at Rs. Smartron t.Phone P Launched: A Phone with an Unusual Name and a Massive Battery. Nokia 7 Plus Images and Specifications Leaked. Talk about LG X Max, ask your questions!. Please enable JavaScript to view the comments.. Samsung Mobile Android Smartphones Vivo Mobiles in India Xiaomi Mi Phones LYF Mobiles All Brands. Home Blog About Us FAQs Contact Us Careers Terms of use Privacy Policy. 100 Million Smiles & Counting Phone Checker App. © 2012-2018 Pricebaba ™ All rights reserved. All trademarks / logos / brands are the property of their respective owners.. Report an error on this page. 
Para experimentar adecuadamente nuestra página web LG.com, tendrá que utilizar un navegador alternativo o actualizar a una versión más reciente del Explorador (IE9 o mayor).. Haga clic derecho en la parte superior de su navegador y asegúrese de que la opción "Barra de menú" sea seleccionada. Seleccionar "Herramientas" en la barra de menú y seleccione "Vista de compatibilidad ajustes". En el menú emergente desactive las tres casillas y haga clic en "Cerrar". Tu búscador de window se actualizó automaticamente y ya está listo para navegar. La página web LG.com utiliza el diseño responsivo para proporcionar una experiencia práctica que se ajusta al tamaño de pantalla de tus dispositivos. Con el fin de obtener la mejor experiencia posible de nuestra página web LG.COM siga estas instrucciones.. Sí está utilizando Internet Explorer 8 o una versión menor, necesitará utilizar un buscador alternativo Como Firefox o Chrome o Actualizar la versión de su navegador a la más reciente (IE9 or greater) .. Si está utilizando Internet Explorer 9 o una versión mayor, Apaga tu buscador de internet Explorer “Revisar ajustes de compatibilidad" Sigue las siguientes instrucciones:. Productos Soporte LG. TV/Audio/Video Celulares Electrodomésticos Informática Aire acondicionado. Televisores Todos los televisores Televisores OLED Televisores SUPER UHD 4K Televisores UHD 4K Televisores Full HD. Equipos de sonido Home Theater Minicomponentes Microcomponentes Soundbar. Video Reproductores Blu Ray Reproductores DVD. Proyectores LED. Celulares Todos los celulares Smartphones Premium Smartphones LG G4 LG V10 Serie X Serie K. Todos los celulares Smartphones premium Smartphones Serie X Serie K Accesorios para Celular. Refrigeradoras Todas las refrigeradoras Refrigeradoras Top Freezer Refrigeradoras Side by Side Refrigeradoras French Door Refrigeradoras Bottom Freezer Refrigeradoras con una puerta. Lavadoras Todas las lavadoras Lavadoras carga superior Lavadoras carga frontal Lavadoras carga TWIN Secadora de ropa. Microondas Microondas sin dorador Microondas con dorador. ¡Toca dos veces y mira el contenido!. Computación All in one Laptops. Monitores 21:9 Monitores UltraWide IPS Monitor TV Monitores LED Monitores Gamer. Almacenamiento Óptico DVD-Writer Blu-ray Writer. Aire Acondicionado Residencial Aire acondicionado Art Cool Aire acondicionado tipo Ventana Aire acondicionado Split Pared Inverter. Aire Acondicionado Comercial Aire Acondicionado Paquete Aire Acondicionado Dividido Aire Acondicionado Multi V. Ayuda y Descargas Guía de Soluciones Online Videos & Tutoriales Online Descarga de Manuales Descarga de Software. Contáctenos Servicio de Chat Telefono Mis Solicitudes Encuesta de Soporte Online. Servicio de Reparación Solicitud de Reparación Estado de mi Reparación Buscar un Proveedor de Reparacion Políticas de Garantía. Soporte Adicional Anuncio Buscar un Proveedor de Reparacion y accesorios Subir Documento. Mi Soporte Mi Perfil Mis Productos Historial y Estado de Reparación. Search Search. ACERCA DE LG Perú / Español. Bienvenido Cerrar sesión. Con un perfil delgado de 7.2 mm, el LG X max te ofrece una pantalla grande que no ocupa espacio en tu bolsillo. Sus bordes curvos, diseñados para la mano, dan una increíble sensación de comodidad.. Amplía tus horizontes que da una mejor visión del mundo. La pantalla de 5.5 pulgadas proporciona imágenes brillantes en ángulos más amplios, ayudándote a ver más de la vida en una pantalla imágenes y vídeos igualmente bien.. Relájate y disfruta leyendo algún libro o simplemente navegando en tu celular durante más tiempo, gracias al Read Mode; que reduce la luz azul de la pantalla.. Tomar selfies será mucho más fácil gracias a esta función única de LG. No tendrás que presionar ningún botón para tomar la foto, con el Auto Selfie, tu LG X Max reconocerá tu rostro y te tomará la foto automáticamente.. El nuevo Reloj Mundial muestra qué hora es en cualquier lugar del mundo solo con un movimiento del dedo. Llamar a tus amigos nunca ha sido tan fácil. El programa LG Backup permite transferir la data de tu teléfono antiguo al moderno.. Acelerómetro / Luz / Orientación / Proximidad / Sonido / Magnético. No hay opinión de expertos para este producto aún.. Sólo tiene que elegir una opción de apoyo de los siguientes iconos:. Servicio Chat de Atención al Cliente. Converse en línea con un ejecutivo de soporte técnico LG. Lunes a Viernes 9:00 am a 6:00 pm. Sábado 9:00 am a 5:00 pm.. Contacte a un ejecutivo de soporte LG al0-800-1-2424desde teléfonos de red fija que tenga salida a linea gratuita,. o desde teléfonos móviles al(01) 418-0900(con pago), en los siguientes horarios:. Lunes a Viernes 8:00 am a 8:00 pm. Sábado 8:00 am a 6:00 pm. Domingo y Festivos: 9:00 am a 2:00 pm.. Envíe un mensaje a Servicio al Cliente LG & Soporte. Un Representante LG se comunicará en 24 horas en el siguiente día hábil. Nuestro horarios de atención son de 9.00 - 20.00 Lunes a Viernes y 9.00 - 18.00 Sábados, LG está cerrado los Domingos.. LG X max es un teléfono inteligente basado en la tecnología del sistema operativo Android. La técnica ve la presencia de la placa de la pantalla Full HD de 5,5 pulgadas (resolución de 1920 × 1080 píxeles, 401 ppi), procesador de seis núcleos Qualcomm Snapdragon 650 a 1,8 GHz, Adreno 510 GPU, 2 GB de RAM, 16 GB de memoria interna, ranura para leer tarjetas microSD de hasta 128 GB, cámaras delantera y trasera, módulo Wi-Fi, GPS, Bluetooth y 3.000 mAh de la batería. Las dimensiones son 149,1 × 76,5 × 8,9 mm, el peso es de 150 gramos.. LG X max es un teléfono inteligente basado en la tecnología del sistema operativo Android. La técnica ve la presencia de la placa de la pantalla Full HD de 5,5 pulgadas (resolución de 1920 × 1080 píxeles, 401 ppi), procesador de seis núcleos Qualcomm Snapdragon 650 a 1,8 GHz, Adreno 510 GPU, 2 GB de RAM, 16 GB de memoria interna, ranura para leer tarjetas microSD de hasta 128 GB, cámaras delantera y trasera, módulo Wi-Fi, GPS, Bluetooth y 3.000 mAh de la batería. Las dimensiones son 149,1 × 76,5 × 8,9 mm, el peso es de 150 gramos.. El diseño, las características y las especificaciones pueden cambiar sin previo aviso. Las Imágenes de las pantalla son simuladas y / o dramatizadas. Algunas características de los vídeos pueden no estar disponibles en todos los modelos. Por favor refiérase a la pestaña de especificaciones técnicas para obtener una lista completa de características según el modelo.. Seleccione País/Lenguaje Perú / Español. TV/Audio/Video Televisores Todos los televisores Televisores OLED Televisores SUPER UHD 4K Televisores UHD 4K Televisores Full HD Equipos de sonido Home Theater Minicomponentes Microcomponentes Soundbar Video Reproductores Blu Ray Reproductores DVD Proyectores LED Celulares Celulares Todos los celulares Smartphones Premium Smartphones LG G4 LG V10 Serie X Serie K Accesorios para Celular Informática Computación All in one Laptops Monitores 21:9 Monitores UltraWide IPS Monitor TV Monitores LED Monitores Gamer Almacenamiento Óptico DVD-Writer Blu-ray Writer Electrodomésticos Refrigeradoras Todas las refrigeradoras Refrigeradoras Top Freezer Refrigeradoras Side by Side Refrigeradoras French Door Refrigeradoras Bottom Freezer Refrigeradoras con una puerta Lavadoras Todas las lavadoras Lavadoras carga superior Lavadoras carga frontal Lavadoras carga TWIN Secadora de ropa Microondas Microondas sin dorador Microondas con dorador Cocinas Aire acondicionado Aire Acondicionado Residencial Aire acondicionado Art Cool Aire acondicionado tipo Ventana Aire acondicionado Split Pared Inverter Aire Acondicionado Comercial Aire Acondicionado Paquete Aire Acondicionado Dividido Aire Acondicionado Multi V Soporte LG Registrar un Producto Ayuda y Descargas Guía de Soluciones Online Videos & Tutoriales Online Descarga de Manuales Descarga de Software Contáctenos Servicio de Chat Telefono Mis Solicitudes Encuesta de Soporte Online Servicio de Reparación Solicitud de Reparación Estado de mi Reparación Buscar un Proveedor de Reparacion Políticas de Garantía Soporte Adicional Anuncio Buscar un Proveedor de Reparacion y accesorios Subir Documento Mi Soporte Mi Perfil Mis Productos Historial y Estado de Reparación Glosario ACERCA DE LG Nuestra Marca Carreras Press & Media NUESTRA HISTORIA Comprobantes Electrónicos. Mapa del Sitio legal Privacidad. Esta es la página oficial de LG. Si quieres conectarte con LG Corp u otra Filial de LG, por favor clic aquí. 
Home Shop MWC News Reviews Features Opinions Videos The Gadgets 360 Show Cell Guru Prime Tech Smartphone Reviews Tech and Gadget Reviews How-To Videos Video Game Reviews and Features Top Lists by Gadgets 360 Unboxing and Hands-On Videos Podcasts Compare Mobiles Phone Finder DEALS. Mobiles Tablets Apps Gaming Cameras PC/Laptops AUDIO/VIDEO How To Telecom Science INDIA INTERNET SOCIAL MEDIA WEARABLES हिंदी. Home Mobiles Mobiles News. LG X Power, X Style, X Mach, and X Max Smartphones Launched. Tasneem Akolawala , 17 June 2016. Share on Facebook Tweet Share Share Email Reddit Comment. LG X Power to come with large 4100mAh battery.. LG X Style to sport premium design.. Will roll out in markets worldwide from next month.. After quietly introducing them in Ukraine , LG has now announced the X Power , and X Style smartphones globally. Alongside the two smartphones, LG has also introduced the X Max, and X Mach smartphones expanding its X series. There is no update on the availability and pricing, but LG confirms that the smartphones will be rolled out in markets around the world from next month, with local pricing to be announced individually.. The X Power, as the name goes, packs a big 4100mAh battery. LG claims that the smartphone will come with the fast charging technology that enables the smartphone to charge twice as faster than the normal speed, and sports a 7.9mm slim body. As mentioned above, the smartphone was already unveiled in Ukraine a week before, and the specs include a 5.3-inch HD display; a 1.1GHz quad-core MediaTek MT6735 processor clubbed with 2GB of RAM and 16GB of storage (microSD card available). The LG X Power sports a 13-megapixel rear and an 8-megapixel front camera.. The LG X Style boasts of its design and form. Previous unveil suggests that the handset will feature a 5-inch HD display, a quad-core Snapdragon 410 processor paired 1.5GB of RAM. It packs 16GB of storage, with the option to expand storage as well. The handset packs 2100mAh battery, sports an 8-megapixel rear, and a 5-megapixel front camera.. Coming to the LG X Mach, the smartphone is expected to come with a QHD IPS Quantum display, and a 1.8GHz processor. It will also have a large 1.55~CHECK~m sensor camera for taking good quality photos in low light conditions.. Presumably, the LG X Max will brag of a large form factor. However, details on this smartphone are scarce at best. As mentioned earlier, LG will release these smartphones in relevant local markets starting from next month.. For the latest smartphone launches by Samsung, Nokia, Sony, Asus, and other MWC 2018 announcements, visit our MWC hub .. Further reading: Android , Android Marshmallow , LG , LG X Mach , LG X Max , LG X Power , LG X Style , Mobiles. Tasneem Akolawala Email Tasneem. When not expelling tech wisdom, Tasneem feeds on good stories that strike on all those emotional chords. She loves road trips, a good laugh, and interesting people. Are You Still a VR Skeptic? So Is Nintendo.. Facebook Out to Play at Electronic Entertainment Expo. LG X Power, X Style, X Mach, and X Max Smartphones Launched. Samsung Galaxy S9 और Galaxy S9+ स्मार्टफोन लॉन्च. Nokia 1 एंड्रॉयड गो स्मार्टफोन हुआ लॉन्च. LG V30S ThinQ के साथ MWC 2018 में एलजी ने दी दस्तक. Samsung Galaxy S9, Galaxy S9+ Launched: What's New?. Why Game of Thrones Creators Writing Star Wars Might Be a Bad, Bad Idea. Design by User Feedback? The Customer Isn't Always Right. PS4 Is a Best-Seller but Here Are 4 Reasons It's Far From Perfect. Canon EOS 1500D, EOS 3000D Entry-Level DSLRs Launched in India BSNL Partners Nokia for Rollout of 4G VoLTE Services Sony Unveils Xperia Ear Duo to Answer Apple AirPods, Samsung Gear IconX Sony Xperia XZ2, Xperia XZ2 Compact With 18:9 Displays Launched at MWC Mi MIX 2S With Snapdragon 845 Confirmed by Xiaomi; Launching on March 27 Huawei Launches Windows Laptop and Android Tablet at MWC 2018 Samsung Galaxy S9, Galaxy S9+ Pre-Orders Now Open in India ZTE Tempo Go Is Its First Smartphone That Runs Android Oreo (Go Edition) Samsung's Foldable Smartphone Isn't a Gimmick, Claims CEO Huawei P20 Flagship Smartphone Launch Set for March 27. Nokia 7 Plus Is an Android One Phone With Dual Rear Cameras, Zeiss Optics Samsung Galaxy S9, Galaxy S9+ Pre-Orders Now Open in India Samsung Galaxy S9, Galaxy S9+ With Improved Cameras, AR Emoji Launched Nokia 8110 4G Is a 'Slider' Feature Phone With Google, Facebook Apps OnePlus 5, OnePlus 5T HD Content Streaming Issue Fixed, With a Catch Samsung Galaxy S9 a Worthy Upgrade? A Look at What's New Vodafone to Offer 4.5GB Data Per Day for 28 Days at Rs. 799: Report Nokia 6 (2018) Android One Phone With Snapdragon 630 Launched at MWC 2018 Nokia 8 Sirocco With Dual Cameras, Stainless Steel Frame Launched at MWC Sony Unveils Xperia Ear Duo to Answer Apple AirPods, Samsung Gear IconX. Sitemaps Archives Advertise About Us Feedback Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions Complaint Redressal Careers Contact Us RSS Ethics Gadgets Hindi. © Copyright Red Pixels Ventures Limited 2018. Fields marked with * are mandatory. 
151.6 x 76.9 x 7.2 mm. Android OS v6.0.1 ( Marshmallow ). 13 MP 4160 x 3120 px autofocus. 850 / 900 / 1800 / 1900. DroidChart.com / Smartphones / LG / LG X Max (2016). 5.5 inches 720 x 1280 px. The detailed specifications, photos and introductory video of the LG X Max (LG-K240H). The list of the competitors most often compared to the LG X Max smartphone.. The LG X Max (LG-K240H) smartphone released in 2016. It is powered by Mediatek MT6735 chipset, 1.5 GB of RAM and 16 GB of internal storage.. The LG X Max runs on Android OS v6.0.1 (Marshmallow) out of the box. It comes with a Li-Ion 2800 mAh battery. It features a 5.5 inches TFT display with 720 x 1280 px resolution. A thin-film-transistor (TFT) LCD display is a variant of a liquid-crystal display (LCD).. The LG X Max runs on Android OS v6.0.1 (Marshmallow) out of the box, but the X Max's firmware can be upgraded to a newer version of OS.. Screen size is measured in inches, diagonally from corner to corner. The 5.5 inches TFT capacitive touch screen with 720 x 1280 px resolution is multitouch capable.. The smartphone's memory (1.5 GB) cannot be expanded, but the storage (16 GB) can be expanded with a microSD card.. The camera of the LG X Max is equipped with autofocus. Autofocus is a camera feature that fine-tunes the focus of the camera, it is a nice feature of this smartphone.. X Max is 3G and 4G capable. This smartphone has a built-in GPS receiver. GPS is a satellite based navigation system that allows the determination of the exact geographical location on Earth. This LG smartphone has FM radio receiver.. The Li-Ion 2800 mAh battery gives the smartphone a good battery backup. This is a low maintenance battery. No periodic discharge is needed and charging can be done at random.. The smartphone sensors measure physical quantities and transmit them to the application processor. The phones's accelerometer is a built-in electronic component that measures tilt and motion. The proximity sensor detects when a user is holding the phone near their face during a call and turns off the display to prevent keypad presses and battery consumption from the display.. Compare LG X Max to other smartphones. The specifications above are based on the official data published by the manufacturer, but we also take user reviews into consideration. If you found an error or something lacking in the specifications above for the LG X Max, then don’t hesitate and signal the problem to us.. According to our statistics, the LG X Max smartphone was most often compared on our site with the following smartphones.. Compare LG X Max to other smartphones. If there’s information about the LG X Max that you would like to see on this site, then write to our webmaster@droidchart.com address.. 
The source for Tech Buying Advice. More Car Tech. LG X Power and X Mach deliver a 4,100mAh battery and speed on the cheap. LG X Power and X Mach deliver a 4,100mAh battery and speed on the cheap. Tech deals, prizes and latest news. Exclusive: The LG X Series expands by two. LG X Mach LG X Style and LG X Max Hands on: LG X Power review | hands on: LG X Mach review. LG is launching a total of four new mid-range smartphones, and TechRadar got the inside scoop on the first two that seem like polar opposites: the long-haul LG X Power and the more agile LG X Mach .. The LG X Power is all about delivering you more juice throughout the day so that your phone doesn't just last 24 hours, it goes beyond that. We got some exclusive hands-on time with it to see.. It's a phone with a 5.3-inch HD display and runs a 1.3GHz quad-core processor with 2GB of RAM and 16GB of internal storage behind it. There's a 13MP camera on back and 5MP selfie snapper on front.. What's significant is the battery capacity. It's 4,100mAh when other phones that are a part of our best phones list top out at 3,000mAh. It's looking to go the long haul.. We've seen other phones crack the 4,000mAh ceiling before, but they're usually bigger. This Android 6.0 phone is 148.9 x 74.9 x 7.9mm and weighs 139g.. When it does fully drain, it includes fast charging via a microUSB port. While the price and release date haven't been given to us yet, it'll come in five colors: Indigo, White, Gold, Titan, Black.. There's a good chance we'll never see the LG Mach in the US, because it's designed to push the limits of network speeds with LTE Cat. 9 3CA data transfers, but this dual SIM Android phone is coming to Asia and Europe.. It has a 1.8GHz hexa-core processor with 3GB of RAM and 32GB of internal storage, and outperforms the resolution from the LG X Power thanks to a 5.5-inch Quad HD IPS display.. The LG X Mach has a palmable curved design on the back, but is noticeably thicker with dimensions at 149.1 x 76.5 x 8.9mm. It also has the better camera specs despite its 12.3MP sensor on the back. Its ready for low light conditions by capturing larger 1.55μm pixels. There's a fingerprint sensor on the back and that's where the volume rocker is too - like a classic LG phone. Inside is a more typical 3,000mAh battery.. If these phones aren't pretty or big enough for you, LG is also teasing, but not fully revealing two additional LG X Series phones: LG X Style and LG X Max.. LG X Style, as you may have guessed, sports "gracefully curving lines," according to LG, and an extra-slim body. It's basically a mid-range phone that could be mistaken for a higher-end device.. LG X Max promises a larger display, with the company saying that it's "the ideal phone for consuming multimedia content." We'll be sure to update you on their specs as soon as they are fully unveiled.. In the meantime, there are now six LG X Series phones to consider, with the LG X Screen and LG X Cam were already announced earlier this year.. LG is basically taking one distinct feature (battery, speed, sleek design and a big screen) and putting it in a mid-range phone if you can't afford the LG G5 or LG V10 .. STK X2 offers up Samsung looks for a fraction of the price. Lenovo's new Yoga 730, Flex 14 laptops should please content creators for less. Lenovo’s newest Chromebook comes with a built-in stylus. Sony Xperia XZ2 vs Sony Xperia XZ2 Compact. You can unsubscribe at any time and we'll never share your details without your permission.. Get the best tech deals, reviews, product advice, competitions, unmissable tech news and more!. 1 Samsung Galaxy S9 release date, price, news and features. 2 Samsung Galaxy S9 launch: as it happened. 3 Samsung Galaxy S9 live stream: how to watch today's big launch event. 4 MWC 2018: All the latest news from the show. 5 How to watch Arsenal v Man City live stream online for the Carabao Cup final NOW. 2 Samsung Galaxy S9 Plus review. 3 Samsung Galaxy S9 release date, price, news and features. 4 Samsung Galaxy S9 launch: as it happened. 5 BlackBerry: 'we understand we are not for everyone' but 'we're here to stay'. TechRadar is part of Future plc, an international media group and leading digital publisher. England and Wales company registration number 2008885.. 
more ... more .... more ... more .... LG goes official with four new X-series smartphones: X power, X mach, X style, and X max. LG goes official with four new X-series smartphones: X power, X mach, X style, and X max. posted by Stephen S.. Tags :. LG - LG + Android - Android +. OnePlus may be returning to its roots this year, choosing not to deliver a new mid-range option in favor of a flagship-only lineup, but it's the exception that proves the rule: whether you're Apple with its iPhone SE , or Motorola with its latest Moto G handsets , phones that are one or two steps removed from the flagship tier are still a major part of many manufacturers' lineups. Now LG is bringing us word of four of its latest mid-range options, as the company formally announces the X power, X mach, X style, and X max. LG got this new X series rolling back in February with the announcement of the dual-rear-camera LG X cam and the LG X screen with its secondary display. Then just a couple weeks back we spotted the company showing off two additional models , the LG X power and LG X style. We got an early look at their hardware at the time, and today LG formally welcomes them as part of what it's calling the “2nd wave of the LG X series.” To refresh your memory, the LG X power is a 5.3-incher that offers a big 4,100 mAh battery, while the LG X style is a 5.0-inch model with a slim build and low price. But today we're most interested in learning about the two X-series phones that are all new to us, the X mach and X max. The LG X mach earns its speedy name with support for high-bandwidth LTE Cat. While it's not quite a flagship, the specs are right up there with some of the best-equipped phones around, including a 5.5-inch quad-HD 1,440 x 2,560 display and a camera with big 1.55μm pixels – that's the same size as the HTC 10's UltraPixel camera. The LG X max, meanwhile, is firmly in phablet territory. Well, at least we think it is, with the manufacturer describing it as offering “a large display for an enhanced viewing experience,” and since we're already talking about 5.0 and 5.3-inch models, this guy obviously comes in somewhere larger. Precisely how much larger, though, is still a mystery, with LG not quite ready to come through with a detailed hardware rundown. Those details sound like they'll be arriving soon enough, though, as LG promises more specifics on its new X phones – including all-important pricing and release-date info – as it starts getting ready to bring these phones to markets around the globe. LG X mach and X power. LG X mach and X power. LG X mach and X power. Galaxy S9 vs iPhone X hands-on: A battle royale. Samsung Galaxy S9 and S9+ hands-on: Worthy of celebrity hands. Specifications News [3] Rivals Size it Videos. Specifications News [3] Rivals Size it Videos. Best high-end, mid-range, and entry-level LG phones you can buy right now (November 2016). LG X Power with 4100 mAh battery launches in the US this month (on Cricket). LG X mach and X max showcased in official promo videos. LG X Power launched in Canada: large battery, accessible price. (Posts: 627; Member since: 16 Jul 2015). posted on 16 Jun 2016, 12:06. More crap strategy to sell phones in disguise of other flagships with similar sounding names. LG seems to have lost the momentum and ideas that they seems to have shown during G3 success time.. (Posts: 84; Member since: 08 Jul 2011). posted on 16 Jun 2016, 12:27. (Posts: 1129; Member since: 10 Nov 2014). posted on 16 Jun 2016, 12:39. Same old phones? Different body and name?. (Posts: 380; Member since: 26 Aug 2013). posted on 16 Jun 2016, 12:59. LG is clearly in the middle of another "mediocre garbage" phase right now. Well the only consolation is that we've always seen them come back and slip into a 2-3 year "sheer brilliance" phase. They've been doing this back-and-forth dance since way before the smartphone boom.I hope that next brilliance phase won't be too far away.. (Posts: 255; Member since: 11 Jun 2016). posted on 16 Jun 2016, 13:15. What about the v10? Awesome phone imo.. (Posts: 1129; Member since: 10 Nov 2014). posted on 16 Jun 2016, 13:26. I agree they gave up on the device too soon. Smh I remember loving my G2. Ever since that I haven't seen anything from them that would make me buy a LG. (Posts: 6747; Member since: 30 Sep 2014). posted on 16 Jun 2016, 16:16. last year its launched on october, dont lost your hope yet, lol. (Posts: 2314; Member since: 12 Apr 2012). posted on 16 Jun 2016, 13:30. Bring a sequel to the V10. (Posts: 902; Member since: 08 May 2013). posted on 16 Jun 2016, 13:32. (Posts: 240; Member since: 09 Feb 2016). posted on 16 Jun 2016, 13:38. too many companies with phones called X.. (Posts: 2180; Member since: 06 Aug 2014). posted on 16 Jun 2016, 13:51. Maybe X-Men have something to do with it. (Posts: 339; Member since: 02 Apr 2015). posted on 16 Jun 2016, 13:48. We're getting x'ed by th these phone companies.. (Posts: 27; Member since: 13 Apr 2013). posted on 16 Jun 2016, 13:51. Cant LG just focus on one really great flagship instead of releasing 4 of them???. (Posts: 159; Member since: 23 Aug 2011). posted on 16 Jun 2016, 17:02. They might be able to afford one of these 4.. (Posts: 1310; Member since: 17 Nov 2011). posted on 16 Jun 2016, 15:32. I'm waiting for a V10 follow up minus the second screen and a more manageable 5.3" screen for factor with Snap820 and a new 20no camera with a larger sensor and pixels. Keep the same awesome manual controls and improve on OIS and that ladies and gentlemen is the phone I would settle down with for 2-3 years. posted on 16 Jun 2016, 15:45. (Posts: 6747; Member since: 30 Sep 2014). posted on 16 Jun 2016, 16:17. that X Mach is their backup flagship since G5 is a failure, lol. (Posts: 712; Member since: 12 Jun 2014). posted on 16 Jun 2016, 16:38. They should just bring out a 2016 G4 that doesn't suffer from BootLoop problems. The G4 is cheap as these day. If it wasn't for its problems is get one.. (Posts: 9; Member since: 19 Feb 2014). posted on 20 Jun 2016, 09:47. When the G4 came out I had it pegged as my next phone. Removeable battery and microSD with a great camera and a nice looking screen sounded perfect to me. I'm not going to put up with poor reliability though, so if they can't control their quality I'm not going to be a buyer. It's really too bad because with their terrible sales they don't put any pressure on the other manufacturers to keep a removable battery around.. (Posts: 712; Member since: 12 Jun 2014). posted on 16 Jun 2016, 16:51. They should just bring out a 2016 G4 that doesn't suffer from BootLoop problems. The G4 is cheap as these day. If it wasn't for its problems is get one.. (Posts: 221; Member since: 07 Jun 2015). posted on 17 Jun 2016, 07:09. I just want a X phone with vr and illimited dorcel aha!. (Posts: 29; Member since: 25 Feb 2016). posted on 17 Jun 2016, 07:41. The X Mach, with three blades for triple the closeness. Coming soon, the X Box, designed with stylish hard angles. (Posts: 9; Member since: 19 Feb 2014). posted on 20 Jun 2016, 09:48. The Mach X with 10 blades.. (Posts: 319; Member since: 15 Nov 2011). posted on 17 Jun 2016, 14:31. How about LG XXX series? Or LG Bling series?. Want to comment? Please login or register .. LG goes official with four new X-series smartphones: X power, X mach, X style, and X max. LG goes official with four new X-series smartphones: X power, X mach, X style, and X max. Gear S4 may come with a blood pressure monitor, Samsung patent reveals. Google Pay launches today, but its most important feature is not here yet. Galaxy S9 and S9+ previewed in glorious detail with full specs and release date. Galaxy S9 and S9+ price and release date on Verizon, AT&T, T-Mobile and Best Buy. The Samsung Galaxy S9 and S9+ have game-changing cameras with variable aperture and 960fps slow-mo video recording. The Big Barcelona Camera Comparison: iPhone X vs Pixel 2 XL vs Note 8. Samsung Galaxy S9 and S9+ rumor review: Specs, design, features, price and release date. Sony presents Xperia XZ2 and XZ2 Compact: new design and Snapdragon 845. Galaxy S9 Exynos edition gets benchmarked against rivals!. Galaxy S9 first camera comparison vs iPhone X, V30, S8. Samsung Galaxy S9 & S9+ hands-on. MWC 2018: top smartphones to expect. Best smartphone you can buy in 2018. Allo is a quality app, but Google isn't giving it a real chance. All content (phone reviews, news, specs, info), design and layouts are Copyright 2001-2018 phoneArena.com. Reproduction in whole or in part or in any form or medium without written permission is prohibited! Privacy. 
We're using cookies to improve your experience.. Click Here to find out more.. Video Entertainment Culture Tech Science Business Social Good. Company About Us Licensing & Reprints Archive Mashable Careers. Legal Privacy Policy Terms of Use Cookie Policy. Sites Job Board Social Good Summit. LG's new X series phones focus on battery, data, screen and style, respectively. LG's got four new X series phones: X power, X mach, X style and X max. Each of them excels in one area. Gadgets , lg x mach , lg x max , lg x power , lg x-series , lg x style , Mobile , Tech. By Stan Schroeder 2016-06-16 14:14:00 UTC. When LG announced its new X series of "specialist" smartphones in February, saying each device would focus on precisely one key feature, it wasn't kidding. After launching two such phones in March — LG X cam and LG X screen — it has now announced four more devices.. The new phones, called X power, X mach, X style and X max, focus on battery life, data transfer speed, stylish looks and screen size, respectively.. SEE ALSO: LG's new fingerprint sensor doesn't need a button. In its press release, LG did not release a full set of specs for any of the devices. Here's what we do know, though:. LG didn't make it clear which phone on the photo is which, but we can assure you that one of them has a large battery, one is stylish, one has fast data transfer, and one has a large screen.. The LG X power has a 7.9mm body, a huge 4,100mAh battery and fast charging technology, enabling it to charge at "twice the normal speed," according to LG.. The LG X mach supports LTE Cat. 9 3CA data transfer speeds — that's a theoretical 450Mbps. It also has a 1.8GHz processor, a QHD IPS display and a 1.55μm sensor camera.. The LG X style has "gracefully curving lines and extra slim body," according to LG.. Finally, the LG X max will have a "large" display, and that's all LG was prepared to say about it at this time.. Since there's no shortage of stylish phones with large displays these days, and LTE Cat. 9 is only available in a handful of countries, including Qatar and Australia, the most interesting device in this bunch is probably the LG X power. LG seems to think so as well, as it's the first one to get an accompanying YouTube video (below).. LG says the new phones will roll out later this month in markets "around the world." Pricing has not been announced.. Have something to add to this story? Share it in the comments.. About Us Jobs Advertise Subscribe Privacy Terms. Reproduction without explicit permission is prohibited. Designed in collaboration with Code & Theory. is a global, multi-platform media and entertainment company. Powered by its own proprietary technology, Mashable is the go-to source for tech, digital culture and entertainment content for its dedicated and influential audience around the globe.. 
The next video is starting stop. LG X max : Official Product Video (Full ver.). Want to watch this again later?. Sign in to add this video to a playlist.. Sign in to report inappropriate content.. Sign in to make your opinion count.. Sign in to make your opinion count.. Rating is available when the video has been rented.. This feature is not available right now. Bring the enhanced viewing experience to you with the big but slim LG X max and its 5.5” HD display. Ready to define your edge? For more information, visit: LG Mobile Facebook: https://www.facebook.com/LGMobile LG Mobile Google+: https://plus.google.com/+LGMobile LG Mobile Instagram: https://www.instagram.com/lgmobileglobal. When autoplay is enabled, a suggested video will automatically play next.. LG X style : Official Product Video (Full ver.). LG X screen and LG X cam : Official Product Video. LG X Max: gran pantalla para un gama media - Hands On En Español. 7 Brilliant Things You Can Do With Your Smartphone. LG X power : Official Product Video (Full ver.). The TRUTH about CHEAP CHINESE Smartphones !. LG X mach : Official Product Video (Full ver.). LG G5 vs G4 vs G3 vs G2 - Speed Test (4K). LG V10 : Official Product Video. 15 Reasons Why LG G5 Is Better Than Galaxy S7. Mohamed Salah Lifestyle, School, Girlfriend, House, Car, Net Worth, Salary, Family, Biography 2018. LG K10 : Official Product Video - Don’t be sorry. LG Max X160 Unboxing And Hands On Review. Review LG X MAX en Español. OnePlus 3 Camera vs LG G5 & Nexus 6P. LG X Power Unboxing - 4100mAH Battery Monster. 9 Things Poor People DO That The Rich DON'T!. Sign in to add this to Watch Later. 
Hi ( Sign in to bid or buy) Daily Deals Gift Cards Help & Contact Sell. Summary Recently Viewed Bids/Offers Watch List Purchase History Selling Saved Searches Saved Sellers Messages. People who viewed this item also viewed. For LG X Max K240 LG MK6M 5.5'' Touch Screen LCD Display Digitizer Replace Black. For LG X Max K240 MK6M LCD Display Touch Screen Assembly Black Replace +Frame. 5.5'' Black LG X Max K240 LG MK6M LCD Display Touch Screen Digitizer Assembly. 5.5'' Black For LG X Max K240 LG MK6M LCD Display Touch Digitizer Assembly. 5.5'' White LG X Max K240 LG MK6M LCD Display Touch Screen Digitizer Assembly. 5.5'' Black For LG X Max K240 LG MK6M IPS LCD Display Touch Digitizer Assembly. Photos not available for this variation. Mouse over to Zoom - Click to enlarge. 5.5'' Black For LG X Max K240 LG MK6M IPS LCD Display Touch Digitizer Assembly. Be the first to write a review .. Share on Facebook - opens in a new window or tab. Share on Twitter - opens in a new window or tab. Share on Pinterest - opens in a new window or tab. shuling_rhn has no other items for sale.. Please enter a quantity of $qty_dummy$ or less. Please enter a quantity of 1. Purchases are limited to $qty_dummy$ per buyer. Please enter quantity of 1 or more. Choose quantity that is less than $qty_dummy1$ or equal to $qty_dummy$. You can only choose quantity that is equal to $qty_dummy$. Recent sales price provided by the seller. Economy Shipping from China/Hong Kong/Taiwan to worldwide. See details about international shipping here. help icon for Shipping - opens a layer. Items shipping internationally may be subject to customs processing depending on the item's declared value.. Sellers set the item's declared value and must comply with customs declaration laws.. Buyers may be subject to additional charges for customs clearance.. Visit eBay's page on international trade .. help icon for Shipping - opens a layer. This amount includes applicable customs duties, taxes, brokerage and other fees. This amount is subject to change until you make payment. For additional information, see the Global Shipping Program terms and conditions - opens in a new window or tab. This amount includes applicable customs duties, taxes, brokerage and other fees. This amount is subject to change until you make payment. If you reside in an EU member state besides UK, import VAT on this purchase is not recoverable. For additional information, see the Global Shipping Program terms and conditions - opens in a new window or tab. No additional import charges on delivery. Please note the delivery estimate is greater than 12 business days.. Apply Now - opens in a new window or tab. See terms - opens in a new window or tab. An error occurred, please try again.. Any international shipping and import charges are paid in part to Pitney Bowes Inc. Learn More - opens in a new window or tab. International shipping and import charges paid to Pitney Bowes Inc. Learn More - opens in a new window or tab. Any international shipping and import charges are paid in part to Pitney Bowes Inc. Learn More - opens in a new window or tab. International shipping paid to Pitney Bowes Inc. Learn More - opens in a new window or tab. Any international shipping is paid in part to Pitney Bowes Inc. Learn More - opens in a new window or tab. Covered by eBay Money Back Guarantee. See details - opens in a new window or tab. Get the item you ordered or get your money back. Covers your purchase price and original shipping.. Add to cart to save with this special offer. If you Buy It Now, you'll only be purchasing this item. If you'd like to get the additional items you've selected to qualify for this offer, close this window and add these items to your cart.. Report item - opens in a new window or tab. Seller assumes all responsibility for this listing.. Display: LCD Screen, Display: Screen Digitizer. For LG X Max K240 LG MK6M IPS. New: A brand-new, unused, unopened, undamaged item in its original packaging (where packaging is. Packaging should be the same as what is found in a retail store, unless the item is handmade or was packaged by the manufacturer in non-retail packaging, such as an unprinted box or plastic bag. See the seller's listing for full details. See all condition definitions - opens in a new window or tab. Seller assumes all responsibility for this listing.. This item will ship to Singapore , but the seller has not specified shipping options. Contact the seller - opens in a new window or tab and request a shipping method to your location.. Please enter a valid ZIP Code.. Item location: 深圳, 广东省, China. No additional import charges at delivery!. This item will be shipped through the Global Shipping Program and includes international tracking. Learn more - opens in a new window or tab. Please enter a number less than or equal to 2.. Please enter a valid ZIP Code.. Please enter 5 or 9 numbers for the ZIP Code.. Economy Shipping from China/Hong Kong/Taiwan to worldwide. Seller ships within 3 days after receiving cleared payment - opens in a new window or tab .. * Estimated delivery dates - opens in a new window or tab include seller's handling time, origin ZIP Code, destination ZIP Code and time of acceptance and will depend on shipping service selected and receipt of cleared payment - opens in a new window or tab. Delivery times may vary, especially during peak periods.. Will usually ship within 3 business days of receiving cleared payment - opens in a new window or tab .. After receiving the item, contact seller within. Money back or replacement (buyer's choice). Pay for your purchases when it's right for you. Choose PayPal Credit to pay all at once or enjoy the flexibility of paying over time with special financing offers.. For example, if your purchase qualifies, you could enjoy No Payments + No Interest if paid in full in 6 months on $99+.. Interest will be charged on your account from the posting date (which is usually within a few days after the purchase date) if the purchase balance is not paid in full within the promotional period. See terms - opens in a new window or tab. Other offers may be available from time to time.. The lender for PayPal Credit accounts is Comenity Capital Bank.. Immediate payment required for this item. Immediate payment of US $31.45 is required.. Be the first to write a review .. LCD Screens for LG Tribute 5 ,. LCD Screens for LG iPhone 5 ,. Screen Digitizers for LG iPhone 5 ,. Unbranded/Generic Cell Display: Lcd Screens Parts for LG Nexus 5 ,. Unbranded/Generic Cell Display: Screen Digitizers Parts for LG Nexus 5. Site Map Copyright © 1995-2018 eBay Inc. Accessibility , User Agreement , Privacy , Cookies and AdChoice Norton Secured - powered by Verisign. 
LG SIGNATURE Products Support. Products OLED TVs Washing Machine Refrigerator Air Purifier. TV & Home Entertainment Mobile Appliances Computer Products. TVs All TVs OLED TVs Super UHD 4K TVs ULTRA HD 4K TVs Smart TVs LED TVs. Speakers & Sound Systems All Speakers & Sound Systems Soundbars Smart Hi Fi Audio Portable Bluetooth Speakers Hi Fi Systems. Blu-ray & DVD Players/Recorders All Blu-ray & DVD Players/Recorders Blu-ray Players & HDD Recorders DVD Players. Home Cinema Systems All Home Cinema Systems. Headphones Earphones. TV Accessories All TV Accessories Smart TV Accessories. Mobile Phones All LG Mobile Phones. All LG Mobile Phones Tablets Smart Watches Mobile Phone Accessories. Discover LG G6 LG Smart World. Washing Machines All Washing Machines TWINWash™ Washing Machines TurboWash Washing Machines Steam Washing Machines 6 Motion Direct Drive Washing Machines. Fridge Freezers All Fridge Freezers American Style Fridge Freezers Multi Door Fridge Freezers Combi Fridge Freezers Fridges & Freezers. Dishwashers All Dishwashers Direct Drive Dishwashers TrueSteam Dishwashers. Monitors All Monitors 21:9 UltraWide Monitors 4K Monitors Gaming Monitors IPS Monitors LED Monitors TV Monitors. Projectors All Projectors. Downloads Manuals Software & Firmware Smart Share. Guides Featured Guides & Solutions Searchable Help Articles LG.com FAQs Video Tutorials Smart Diagnosis. Contact Chat & Email Telephone Inquiry Status Customer Feedback. Repair & Warranty Request a Repair Warranty Business Warranty. Additional Support Parts & Accessories Announcements Environmental Document Upload. My Account Register a Product My Profile My Products My Inquiry Status. Search Search. LG Magazine UK / English. Welcome Sign out. Find the latest software and firmware for your LG product.. Software updates for mobile phones are not accessible via our website. Software updates are provided using FOTA (Firmware-Over-The-Air.) Please click here to find out how to do this.. Select from a list of your registered products. Read our guide on how to download your manual. Quick links to mobile downloads & manuals. Find out how to update your phone’s software. Connect portable devices to your smart TV through a Wi-Fi network or USB connection to view Photos, Music, and Videos. Please select by product category or enter model number.. If you can't find any desired results, please try using the following menu. LG Support Need information? Got a question? We can help. Whether you need to register your product, communicate with an LG Support Representative, or obtain repair service. Finding answers and information is easy with LG online service and support. Owner’s Manuals, requesting a repair, software updates and warranty information are all just a click away.. Select Country/Language: UK & Ireland / English. LG SIGNATURE Brand Story Discover LG SIGNATURE Products OLED TVs Washing Machine Refrigerator Air Purifier LG SIGNATURE OLED TV LG SIGNATURE Washing Machine LG SIGNATURE Refrigerator TV & Home Entertainment TVs All TVs OLED TVs Super UHD 4K TVs ULTRA HD 4K TVs Smart TVs LED TVs Speakers & Sound Systems All Speakers & Sound Systems Soundbars Smart Hi Fi Audio Portable Bluetooth Speakers Hi Fi Systems Home Cinema Systems Home Cinema Systems Blu-ray & DVD Players/Recorders All Blu-ray & DVD Players/Recorders Blu-ray Players & HDD Recorders DVD Players Headphones Earphones TV Accessories All TV Accessories Smart TV Accessories Mobile Mobile Phones All LG Mobile Phones LG Friends Tablets Mobile Phone Accessories Computer Products Monitors All Monitors 21:9 UltraWide Monitors 4K Monitors Gaming Monitors IPS Monitors LED Monitors TV Monitors Projectors All Projectors Appliances Washing Machines All Washing Machines TWINWash™ Washing Machines TurboWash Washing Machines Steam Washing Machines 6 Motion Direct Drive Washing Machines Washer Dryers Tumble Dryers Fridge Freezers All Fridge Freezers American Style Fridge Freezers Multi Door Fridge Freezers Combi Fridge Freezers Fridges & Freezers Dishwashers All Dishwashers Direct Drive Dishwashers TrueSteam Dishwashers Microwave Ovens Air Purifiers Heating System Support Downloads Manuals Software & Firmware Smart Share Contact Chat & Email Telephone Inquiry Status Customer Feedback Guides Featured Guides & Solutions Searchable Help Articles LG.com FAQs Video Tutorials Smart Diagnosis Repair & Warranty Request a Repair Warranty Business Warranty Additional Support Parts & Accessories Announcements Product Recycling MyLG Account Register a Product My Profile My Products Glossary Compliance information LG Magazine About LG Our Brand Careers Press & Media Sustainability Promotions. For Business Site Map Privacy Legal. This is LG Electronics' official homepage. If you want to connect to LG Corp., or other LG affiliates, please click. Rate our website with 3 simple questions.. Do not show this again today. 
Android News VIEW MORE Google Pixel HTC Huawei Lenovo LG Motorola Nokia OnePlus Samsung Sony Android Auto Android India News Android Wear Android Pay Android Tablets Best Android Phones Android TV Android Updates Amazon Google News VIEW MORE Google Assistant Google Maps Google Photos Google Hangouts Google Play Google Translate Google Voice Google fi Google Nexus Google Chromebook Google Drive Google Home Google Pixel Google Nexus Tech News VIEW MORE VR Artificial Intelligence Home Automation Self Driving Car Robot Vacuum 5G News IOT Samsung News VIEW MORE Samsung Pay Samsung Gear Samsung Tablets Samsung Phones Samsung Galaxy S8 Samsung Galaxy S7 Samsung Galaxy S6 Samsung Galaxy S5 Samsung Galaxy S4 Samsung Galaxy S3 Samsung Galaxy Note 3 News Samsung Galaxy Note 4 Samsung Galaxy Note 5 News Samsung Galaxy Note 8 News Samsung Galaxy S9 5G News Smart Home MWC Reviews Tech Deals More Shop Best Cell Phone Deals Advertise About Staff Privacy Policy Contact Reviews Giveaways News Tips Deals Join Our Team. Vodafone UK Opens Galaxy S9 & Galaxy S9 Plus Pre-Orders – MWC 2018. Hands On With The Samsung Galaxy S9 Plus – MWC 2018. EE Opens Samsung Galaxy S9 & S9 Plus UK Pre-Orders. Hands On With The Samsung Galaxy S9 – MWC 2018. O2 Galaxy S9 & Galaxy S9 Plus Pre-Orders Go Live – MWC 2018. Touchpad Pinch-To-Zoom Support Coming To All Chromebooks. YouTube’s Hollywood Investments To Stay Flat By 2020: Report. DeepMind & VA Team Up With Hopes Of Fighting Kidney Problems. Tech Talk: How Can Google Assistant Continue To Improve?. & Screen-Enabled ARCHOS Hello Unveiled Before MWC 2018. Samsung Galaxy S9 & S9 Plus Compatible With 2017 Gear VR – MWC 2018. ZTE Showcases 5G Phone Prototype Supporting 1.2Gbps Speeds – MWC 2018. Energous Showcasing Truly Wireless WattUp Chargers – MWC 2018. Nokia & China Mobile Announce B2B 5G Partnership – MWC 2018. Intel Promises 5G & Improved Media For 2020 Summer Olympics – MWC 2018. Samsung Exec Quiet About Galaxy X, Reaffirms Bixby Speaker. Vodafone UK Opens Galaxy S9 & Galaxy S9 Plus Pre-Orders – MWC 2018. Hands On With The Samsung Galaxy S9 Plus – MWC 2018. EE Opens Samsung Galaxy S9 & S9 Plus UK Pre-Orders. Hands On With The Samsung Galaxy S9 – MWC 2018. Best Fitness Trackers Buyers Guide – February 2018. Best $300 Rugged Phone Review – CAT vs Blackview. Samsung Exec Quiet About Galaxy X, Reaffirms Bixby Speaker. Win A OnePlus 5T Bundle With OnePlus & AndroidHeadlines – International Giveaway. How To: Reinstall Pre-Redesign Snapchat App On Android. Best Portable Battery Packs For Huawei Mate 10 Pro – February 2018. Android News Close Android Android Auto Android India News Android News Android Pay Android Phones Best Android Phones Android Tablets Android TV NVIDIA SHIELD Android Updates Android Wear Amazon Close Amazon Amazon Alexa Amazon Kindle Apps Close Apps Android Developer Android Games App Reviews Best Apps & games Facebook Instagram Netflix Snapchat Spotify Twitter Uber Whatsapp Youtube ASUS Close ASUS Asus Phones Best Cell Phone Deals BlackBerry Close BlackBerry Blackberry Phones Carriers Close Carriers AT&T Sprint T-Mobile Verizon Chinese Smartphones Close Chinese Smartphones Bluboo Doogee Elephone Gionee Honor Leeco Oukitel Meizu Oppo UMIDIGI Gift Guide Giveaways Google Close Google Google News Google Apps Google Assistant Google Car Google Chrome Google Chromebook Google Chromecast Google Drive Google fi Google Hangouts Google Home Google Maps Google Nexus Google Photos Google Pixel Google Play Google Play Music Google Play Services Google Translate Google Voice HTC Close HTC HTC Phones Huawei Close Huawei Huawei Phones Lenovo Close Lenovo Lenovo Phones LG Close LG LG Phones LG Smartwatch LG Tablets Mobile Events Close Mobile Events Awards CES Google IO IFA Mobile World Congress Motorola Close Motorola Motorola Phones Motorola Smartwatches Nokia Close Nokia Nokia Phones Nokia 6 OnePlus Close OnePlus OnePlus Phones OnePlus One OnePlus 2 OnePlus X OnePlus 3 OnePlus 5 Phone Comparisons Reviews Samsung Close Samsung Samsung Pay Samsung Phones Samsung Galaxy Note 3 News Samsung Galaxy Note 4 Samsung Galaxy Note 5 News Samsung Galaxy Note 8 News Samsung Galaxy S3 Samsung Galaxy S4 Samsung Galaxy S5 Samsung Galaxy S6 Samsung Galaxy S7 Samsung Galaxy S8 Samsung Galaxy S9 News Samsung Gear Samsung Tablets Smartwatches Close Smartwatches Best Smartwatches Sony Close Sony Sony Phones Tech News Close Tech News 5G News Artificial Intelligence IOT Home Automation Self Driving Car Robot Vacuum VR Various Smartphones Close ZTE Blu Wearables Xiaomi Close Xiaomi Xiaomi Phones Special Features News Tips Contact Join Our Team. Android News Android Android Auto Android India News Android News Android Pay Android Phones Best Android Phones Android Tablets Android TV NVIDIA SHIELD Android Updates Android Wear Amazon Amazon Amazon Alexa Amazon Kindle Apps Apps Android Developer Android Games App Reviews Best Apps & games Facebook Instagram Netflix Snapchat Spotify Twitter Uber Whatsapp Youtube ASUS ASUS Asus Phones Best Cell Phone Deals BlackBerry BlackBerry Blackberry Phones Carriers Carriers AT&T Sprint T-Mobile Verizon Chinese Smartphones Chinese Smartphones Bluboo Doogee Elephone Gionee Honor Leeco Oukitel Meizu Oppo UMIDIGI Gift Guide Giveaways Google Google Google News Google Apps Google Assistant Google Car Google Chrome Google Chromebook Google Chromecast Google Drive Google fi Google Hangouts Google Home Google Maps Google Nexus Google Photos Google Pixel Google Play Google Play Music Google Play Services Google Translate Google Voice HTC HTC HTC Phones Huawei Huawei Huawei Phones Lenovo Lenovo Lenovo Phones LG LG LG Phones LG Smartwatch LG Tablets Mobile Events Mobile Events Awards CES Google IO IFA Mobile World Congress Motorola Motorola Motorola Phones Motorola Smartwatches Nokia Nokia Nokia Phones Nokia 6 OnePlus OnePlus OnePlus Phones OnePlus One OnePlus 2 OnePlus X OnePlus 3 OnePlus 5 Phone Comparisons Reviews Samsung Samsung Samsung Pay Samsung Phones Samsung Galaxy Note 3 News Samsung Galaxy Note 4 Samsung Galaxy Note 5 News Samsung Galaxy Note 8 News Samsung Galaxy S3 Samsung Galaxy S4 Samsung Galaxy S5 Samsung Galaxy S6 Samsung Galaxy S7 Samsung Galaxy S8 Samsung Galaxy S9 News Samsung Gear Samsung Tablets Smartwatches Smartwatches Best Smartwatches Sony Sony Sony Phones Tech News Tech News 5G News Artificial Intelligence IOT Home Automation Self Driving Car Robot Vacuum VR Various Smartphones ZTE Blu Wearables Xiaomi Xiaomi Xiaomi Phones Special Features News Tips Contact Join Our Team. Win A OnePlus 5T Bundle With OnePlus & AndroidHeadlines – International Giveaway Win An LG V30+ Smartphone With LG & AndroidHeadlines – International Giveaway. Deal: Amazon Fire TV Stick With Alexa Voice Remote For $30 – 02/25/18 Best Samsung Galaxy S9 & S9 Plus Accessories – February 2018 GearBest Deal: 6GB RAM Xiaomi Mi 6 For $379.99 W/Coupon GearBest Deal: 8GB RAM OnePlus 5T For $629.99 W/Coupon Electronics Deals – Feb. 23, 2018: Amazon, Dell, Google Pixel & More. Vodafone UK Opens Galaxy S9 & Galaxy S9 Plus Pre-Orders – MWC 2018 Hands On With The Samsung Galaxy S9 Plus – MWC 2018 EE Opens Samsung Galaxy S9 & S9 Plus UK Pre-Orders. Samsung Exec Quiet About Galaxy X, Reaffirms Bixby Speaker Vodafone UK Opens Galaxy S9 & Galaxy S9 Plus Pre-Orders – MWC 2018 Hands On With The Samsung Galaxy S9 Plus – MWC 2018. Cubot X18 Plus Review – A Slim Budget Device That Performs Best $300 Rugged Phone Review – CAT vs Blackview Blackview BV9000 Pro Review – Rugged, Fast, Built to Last. Samsung Galaxy S9 & S9 Plus Compatible With 2017 Gear VR – MWC 2018 ZTE Showcases 5G Phone Prototype Supporting 1.2Gbps Speeds – MWC 2018 Energous Showcasing Truly Wireless WattUp Chargers – MWC 2018. Best Portable Battery Packs For Huawei Mate 10 Pro – February 2018 Best Sony Xperia XZ1 Accessories – February 2018 Best Bluetooth Wireless Headphones – February 2018. Best Android Apps – February 2018 Best Android Apps — Language Learning — February 2018 Best Android Apps — Pets — February 2018 Best Android Apps — Valentine’s Day — February 2018. LG X max and X mach Featured in Official LG Teaser Videos. July 18, 2016 - Written By Debarshi Nayak. Following the launch of LG’s flagship, the. LG G5 , the South Korean manufacturer has unveiled a new line-up of mid-range smartphones in the new X-Series. In the latest update to the series, the official YouTube channel for LG Mobile has uploaded two teaser videos featuring the LG X mach and the LG X max, hinting at a possible launch soon. The videos allow us a better look at the smartphones and also a sneak peek at the specifications, although specific details have not been revealed yet.. The first video of the two is about 40 seconds long and starts with the keyword ‘fast’. It depicts the LG X mach, and the highlighted feature of the device is support for LTE Cat9 3CA, which can support. bandwidth delivering download speeds of up to 400 Mbps. Although the exact model of processor is not specified, according to the video, the device is powered by a six-core Qualcomm Snapdragon processor and has a 5.5 inch Quad HD display. One surprising point to note is that LG’s signature rear buttons have been included in the device, despite these being. The device also features a rear fingerprint scanner and comes in two colors as revealed in the teaser.. Win A OnePlus 5T Bundle With OnePlus & AndroidHeadlines – International Giveaway/ Contest, Enter Today!. The other teaser video emphasizes on the word ‘Big’ and as you probably. guessed, it features the new LG X max. Although it has the same screen size as the LG X mach, it is touted as having a ‘big’ display with a modest 720p resolution. Other features also suggest an entry-level smartphone, as the LG X max is accompanied by a quad-core 1.3 GHz processor, and 2GB of RAM powering the phone. This phone is also offered in two colors, but it doesn’t feature rear buttons or a fingerprint sensor. The specifications of the phone are quite like the LG’s newly launched X5 model in South Korea.. No details about price or exact specifications have yet been revealed by LG, and the launch date for the models is still unclear, although both the devices will come with Android 6.0 Marshmallow preinstalled. The only model launched in North America is the LG X power, and the availability of the device is still limited to Canada.. SoftBank Group to Buy Chipmaker ARM for $32 Billion. ZTE Small Fresh 4 Officially Revealed In China For $160. Android Phones , LG. Source: LG Mobile Global YouTube. Samsung Announces AI, AR-Focused Galaxy S9 & S9 Plus – MWC 2.... MWC 2018’s most notable announcement has just taken place with Samsung hosting its event and introducing its latest flagship smartphone, the Samsung Galaxy S9. This is the first major smartphone to come through from Samsung in 2018 and akin to recent Galaxy S launches, Samsung has unveiled two models: the standard Galaxy S9 and the […]. Mobile World Congress 2018 Press Day Wrap Up: All You Need T.... Mobile World Congress 2018 officially starts tomorrow for when they open the show floor up to attendees at the conference center, but today was the press day full of conferences from some of the biggest manufacturers like Nokia and Samsung, with those two being the most notable. Nokia of course revealed some pretty big details […]. Speck Has Eight Cases For Samsung’s New Galaxy S9 Devices –.... Speck has now announced its own protective cases for the brand new Samsung Galaxy S9 and Galaxy S9 Plus, which were revealed today at MWC 2018 in Barcelona. There are 8 cases in total in the new lineup. Those range in price from around $39.95 to just shy of $60 and there are several designs […]. T-Mobile Left Customer Session Vulnerable Again In December. T-Mobile apparently suffered the effects of a previously unreported vulnerability several months ago which would have allowed hackers to log into the site as any one of the company’s subscribers. In fact, the bug was reportedly noted back on December 19 and, according to a statement released by the service provider, was fixed within hours […]. Video: Samsung Galaxy S9 and S9 Plus Hands On – MWC 2018. The Samsung Galaxy S9 and Galaxy S9 Plus are both finally official, and they bring lots of new stuff to the table. Spec wise both are running the latest Snapdragon 845 chipset in the US or the Exynos 9810 internationally, and both feature at least 64GB of internal storage with microSD card support. Win A Samsung Galaxy S9 With AndroidHeadlines – International Giveaway. Samsung Exec Quiet About Galaxy X, Reaffirms Bixby Speaker. Samsung’s Galaxy S9 and Galaxy S9 Plus launch appear to have gone off without a hitch but when asked about the company’s long-rumored folding smartphone – tentatively, the Galaxy X – the company is reportedly still not talking, according to CEO DJ Koh who responded to questions about the device during the launch at MWC […]. Vodafone UK Opens Galaxy S9 & Galaxy S9 Plus Pre-Orders – MW.... The newly unveiled Samsung Galaxy S9 and Galaxy S9 Plus are officially up for pre-order at a growing number of carriers and Vodafone in the UK is another provider which joins that list. Perhaps the most anticipated flagship to be shown at this year’s MWC 2018 event, the devices will be available in three distinct […]. Hands On With The Samsung Galaxy S9 Plus – MWC 2018. Along with the Galaxy S9, Samsung also debuted the Galaxy S9 Plus at Mobile World Congress today, in Barcelona. We got a change to experience it in their “Experience Zone” after the show, and it’s a mighty fine piece of hardware. It is actually a bit more different from its smaller brother this year, other […]. Deal: Amazon Fire TV Stick With Alexa Voice Remote For $30 –.... Amazon’ Fire TV Stick is one of the better media streaming devices if you want something that gives you access to just about all your favorite movies and TV shows, as it connects you to a world of content from popular services and lets you stream that content right on the TV or monitor that […]. EE Opens Samsung Galaxy S9 & S9 Plus UK Pre-Orders. EE has now confirmed it is already accepting pre-orders for the Samsung Galaxy S9 and S9 Plus in the UK. Along with that confirmation EE has provided basic pricing details which vary depending on the plan chosen. For example, those looking to take advantage of EE’s “Essential”plan (4GB data, unlimited talk and text) can pick […]. Mobile World Congress 2018 Press Day Wrap Up: All You Need To Know. Hands On With The Samsung Galaxy S9 – MWC 2018. Samsung just took the wraps off of two new smartphones, here at Mobile World Congress. Which include the Galaxy S9 and Galaxy S9 Plus. Surprisingly, there is a lot more in terms of differences this year, than just the screen sizes. The smaller, Galaxy S9, has just one camera on the backside. O2 Galaxy S9 & Galaxy S9 Plus Pre-Orders Go Live – MWC 2018.... O2 Galaxy S9 and Galaxy S9 Plus pre-orders have gone live, and are currently ready for those looking to place their orders as soon as possible. O2 says the pre-orders are available online but it doesn’t state that they’re not available in O2 retail stores, so anyone looking to place those orders in person may […]. Sprint Confirms March 16 Galaxy S9 & Galaxy S9 Plus Launch –.... Sprint is set to officially launch the Galaxy S9 on March 16 alongside the Galaxy S9 Plus, Samsung’s newest phones which it just unveiled today during Mobile World Congress at the Galaxy Unpacked press conference. The Galaxy S9 and Galaxy S9 Plus were originally thought to be coming to market as Samsung’s most expensive phones […]. Video: T-Mobile Unboxes Samsung Galaxy S9 On The “Moon”. T-Mobile Product Marketing official Desmond Smith is back with his series of extreme smartphone unboxing videos but is doing things a bit differently for Samsung’s Galaxy S9 and Galaxy S9 Plus. While the setting of his latest unboxing is still unconventional, it’s far less adrenaline-inducing than the environments featured in previous installments of his long-running […]. Samsung Galaxy S9 & S9 Plus Compatible With 2017 Gear VR – M.... Samsung held its MWC 2018 event today where the Galaxy S9 and S9 Plus were both formally announced. The event focused quite heavily on the camera features on offer with these phones, and at both the hardware and software levels. What was largely absent from the event, however, was any detailed talk on virtual reality […]. Video: Samsung Galaxy S9 and S9 Plus Hands On – MWC 2018. Best Samsung Galaxy S9 & S9 Plus Accessories – February 2018.... The Samsung Galaxy S9 and Galaxy S9 Plus are now official and available for pre-order. It’ll be arriving shortly, and now is the time to go ahead and pick up some accessories for your new smartphone. Whether that be a new case, a screen protector, maybe some headphones or even a car mount. Motorola’s New Ad Seems Like Subtle Dig At Competing OEMs. At just 16-seconds in length, Motorola’s latest brand advertisement appears to make no qualms about what the company sees as a common issue in the mobile industry. In fact, it could easily be seen as an indirect dig at some of the Lenovo-owned company’s larger competitors, such as Samsung or Apple. Samsung Outs SmartThings App For Galaxy S9 – MWC 2018. Major OEM Samsung is not only announcing the Galaxy S9 and Galaxy S9 Plus today, but also a new version of the dedicated SmartThings app that will release alongside the new flagships and allow them to act in full capacity as users’ IoT hubs. Along with being able to use all the features of the […]. Samsung Galaxy S9 Boasts ‘Refined’ Screen, ‘Cinematic’ Audio.... Samsung has revealed how its recently announced Galaxy S9 lineup improves upon the Infinity Display that debuted with last year’s Galaxy S8 series. The South Korean company’s latest flagships improve upon their predecessors in a number of areas, with the. camera and AI features being the main focus. Galaxy S9 Camera Features Better Slow-Mo, Bixby Integration. Samsung is kicking off its time at this year’s Mobile World Congress by outing the Galaxy S9 and Galaxy S9 Plus in a series of focused looks at different aspects of the phone, and the camera in particular brings a ton of new features and improvements, such as Super Slow-Mo and deeper integration with the […]. Hands On With The Samsung Galaxy S9 Plus – MWC 2018. Galaxy S9 Combines Iris & Face Scanning, Simplifies Security.... With Samsung’s Galaxy S9 and Galaxy S9 Plus now officially revealed at MWC 2018, the company has continued the rollout of related product information, specifically highlighting the security features of the two flagships. The firm has unsurprisingly continued to bolster and improve the implementation of its already well-known Knox feature for enterprise and personal users […]. Samsung Galaxy S9 Starts At $960 CAD Unlocked In Canada. The unlocked variant of the Galaxy S9 will start at $960 CAD in Canada, whereas the Galaxy S9 Plus will be priced at $1,100 CAD.. Consumers looking to acquire the new devices on a contract will be met with an upfront fee of $249 CAD for the Galaxy S9 and $379 CAD for the Galaxy […]. Galaxy S9 & Galaxy S9 Plus Come To Xfinity Mobile March 16 –.... The Samsung Galaxy S9 and Galaxy S9 Plus will come to Xfinity Mobile on March 16 just as with the other carriers in the U.S. and with Samsung’s own online store. Xfinity Mobile customers will be able to get up to $450 off the price of either phone when utilizing a coupe of promotions that […]. Samsung Shares Insights Into 9 New Galaxy S9 Features – MWC.... Tying in with its MWC 2018 reveal of the new Samsung Galaxy S9 and Galaxy S9 Plus, Samsung has now released a new set of hands-on videos showing off 9 of those flagships’ best features. Those, of course, include an overview of the overall design refinements made on top of the Galaxy S8 and Galaxy […]. Qualcomm Snapdragon 845 Powers Samsung Galaxy S9 US Models –.... Qualcomm’s Snapdragon 845 chip is set to power the U.S. variants of the Galaxy S9 and Galaxy S9 Plus, the chipmaker confirmed Sunday, shortly after Samsung officially announced its latest Android flagships. Gigabit LTE and UHD Premium video recording boasted by the newly unveiled devices are directly enabled by the Snapdragon 845, Qualcomm claims. Hands On With The Samsung Galaxy S9 – MWC 2018. AT&T To Launch Galaxy S9, Galaxy S9 Plus March 16 From $790.... AT&T is set to launch the Galaxy S9 and Galaxy S9 Plus on March 16 from $790, which will be the cost of the Galaxy S9, while the Galaxy S9 Plus will be quite a bit more for a retail cost of $915. As to exact pricing, AT&T will be offering both phones on the […]. Samsung Galaxy S9, S9 Plus US Availability & Pricing – MWC 2.... The Samsung Galaxy S9 and S9 Plus are now official having been introduced by Samsung today during the company’s MWC 2018 event. Along with the announcement, Samsung has provided some details regarding general – specific to US consumers – pricing and availability. For example, and while prices will vary somewhat if purchased through a carrier, […]. Galaxy S9 & Galaxy S9 Plus Come To Verizon March 16 – MWC 20.... The Samsung Galaxy S9 and Galaxy S9 Plus come to Verizon Wireless on March 16, which is just a few short weeks away. Samsung officially announced the two new phones, its latest flagships, at its Galaxy Unpacked press conference today during Mobile World Congress, showcasing the latest and greatest that it has to offer and […]. T-Mobile Galaxy S9 Hits March 16, Pre-Orders Start March 2 –.... T-Mobile’s Samsung Galaxy S9 and Galaxy S9 Plus will launch on March 16 with pre-orders beginning on march 2, following Samsung’s official announcement of the device today at its Galaxy Unpacked event during Mobile World Congress 2018. The carrier will sell three of the four colors that Samsung has produced including the Midnight Black, Coral […]. Samsung Galaxy S9 Boasts AR Emoji, Better Biometrics & More.... Samsung on Sunday officially announced the Galaxy S9 and Galaxy S9 Plus following months of anticipation and rumors, having revealed its most capable Android flagships to date. Beyond boasting about their raw processing power, the South Korean phone maker also spent a lot of time talking about various special features of its new series, and […]. Best Samsung Galaxy S9 & S9 Plus Accessories – February 2018. Galaxy S9 & S9 Plus Available Globally Starting March 16 – M.... Samsung had introduced its new flagship smartphones, the Galaxy S9 and Galaxy S9 Plus, earlier today, and along with the announcement itself, the company shared some availability info for the two phones. It was announced that the Galaxy S9 and Galaxy S9 Plus will go on sale on March 16 in ‘select markets’, while no […]. Samsung Galaxy S9 Camera Has Record-Wide & Variable Aperture.... Samsung on Sunday announced its latest Android flagships following much anticipation, having unveiled them in the form of the Galaxy S9 and Galaxy S9 Plus at the latest iteration of Mobile World Congress in Barcelona, Spain. While the smartphones are arguably offering incremental upgrades over their predecessors in most aspects, they are promising to deliver […]. Specs: Samsung Galaxy S9 Plus – MWC 2018. The Samsung Galaxy S9 and Galaxy S9 Plus were announced earlier today in Barcelona, we’ve already talked about both of those phones, and took a closer look at the Galaxy S9’s specs, so it’s time to do the same for the Galaxy S9 Plus. Before we start talking about specs, though, it’s worth noting that […]. Samsung Galaxy S9 Messages App Uses Tenor GIF Search Engine.... The default Samsung Messages app pre-installed on the newly announced Galaxy S9 and Galaxy S9 Plus will feature native support for GIF search engine Tenor, the two companies said Sunday. The same feature will also be distributed to other Samsung-made devices once it debuts on the Galaxy S9 lineup, with Tenor confirming the rollout will […]. Specs: Samsung Galaxy S9 – MWC 2018. Samsung introduced its new flagship smartphones today,. the Galaxy S9 and Galaxy S9 Plus, and despite the fact they look almost identical, they do ship with somewhat different spec sheets, so we’re here to take a closer look at what the Galaxy S9 has to offer in that regard. The Galaxy S9 and Galaxy S9 Plus […]. Samsung Galaxy S9, S9 Plus US Availability & Pricing – MWC 2018. Samsung Galaxy S9 Uses Galaxy S8 Battery More Efficiently –.... Samsung announced the latest additions to its Android flagship portfolio, having unveiled them in the form of the Galaxy S9 and Galaxy S9 Plus earlier today. The two devices sport the same Infinity Display AMOLED panels as their predecessors and are similar in terms of their overall physical footprint, thus also featuring Li-Ion batteries similar […]. Nokia Commits Most Future Smartphones To Android One – MWC 2.... Nokia is committing most future smartphones to Android One according to the company, which just announced the changes for its smartphone lineups going forward at Mobile World Congress 2018 during its press conference. Worth noting is that it will have some phones that will be part of the Android Go program as well, but save […]. Nokia 6 (2018) With Android One & Nokia 8110 4G Now Official.... HMD Global took to this year’s iteration of Mobile World Congress to announce five new devices, including a revised version of the Nokia 6 (2018) which originally launched in China early last month. The new model that’s now coming to the West is being released as part of Google’s Android One program meant to showcase […]. Nokia 8 Sirocco Android One Smartphone Announced With SD835.... HMD Global announced five smartphones during its MWC 2018 press conference, and one of those smartphones is the Nokia 8 Sirocco. This handset has been leaking for quite some time now, and the Nokia 8 Sirocco is actually both the most powerful and most expensive device HMD announced today. This is one of two Nokia-branded, […]. ZTE Showcases 5G Phone Prototype Supporting 1.2Gbps Speeds –.... ZTE arrived at the latest iteration of Mobile World Congress to announce a plethora of new products and showcase multiple hi-tech solutions, including its prototype of a 5G-ready smartphone. While the company already managed to break the gigabit mark last year, its latest invention supports download speeds of up to 1.2Gbps, with ZTE describing it […]. Galaxy S9 & S9 Plus Available Globally Starting March 16 – MWC 2018. Get your app reviewd by our editorial staff. Let us know your insider tip. 
