GSM / HSPA / EVDO / LTE. GSM 850 / 900 / 1800 / 1900 - SIM 1 & SIM 2. HSDPA 850 / 900 / 1900 / 2100. LTE band 1(2100), 3(1800), 7(2600), 38(2600), 39(1900), 40(2300), 41(2500). 155.6 x 77.3 x 7.3 mm (6.13 x 3.04 x 0.29 in). Super AMOLED capacitive touchscreen, 16M colors. 5.7 inches, 89.6 cm 2 (~74.5% screen-to-body ratio). 1440 x 2560 pixels, 16:9 ratio (~515 ppi density). Octa-core (4x2.0 GHz Mongoose & 4x1.5 GHz Cortex-A53) - 64 GB version Octa-core (4x2.3 GHz Mongoose & 4x1.6 GHz Cortex-A53) - 128 GB version. Mali-T880 MP10 - 64 GB version Mali-T880 MP12 - 128 GB version. 12 MP (f/2.0, 1/2.9", 1.25 µm), 4-axis OIS, phase detection & laser autofocus, ten-LED dual-tone flash, check quality. Geo-tagging, touch focus, face detection, HDR, panorama. 5 MP (f/2.0, 1.4 µm), 1080p. - Active noise cancellation with dedicated mic. Wi-Fi 802.11 a/b/g/n/ac, dual-band, WiFi Direct, hotspot. Fingerprint (front-mounted), accelerometer, gyro, proximity, compass, heart rate. SMS(threaded view), MMS, Email, Push Mail, IM. Basemark OS II: 1823 / Basemark X: 23513. Contrast ratio: Infinite (nominal), 3.935 (sunlight). Voice 60dB / Noise 69dB / Ring 70dB. We can not guarantee that the information on this page is 100% correct. Meizu Pro 6 Plus - user opinions and reviews. Meizu company plz u need update software nougat or oreo update in pro 6 plus and new features. 2 week points need to improve:. Samsung Apple Nokia Sony LG HTC Motorola Huawei Microsoft Lenovo Xiaomi Google Acer Asus Oppo OnePlus Meizu BlackBerry Alcatel ZTE Toshiba Vodafone Energizer XOLO Lava Micromax BLU Gionee vivo LeEco Panasonic HP YU verykool Maxwest Plum. Meizu Pro 7 Plus Meizu M6 Note Meizu Pro 6 Meizu Pro 7 Meizu Pro 6s Samsung Galaxy Note7. Meizu M6s Meizu M6 Note Meizu Pro 7 Plus Meizu M5 Meizu M3 Note Meizu M2. 
Everyone loves surprises, but it's not just the specifications that will exceed your expectations with the Meizu PRO 6 Plus. With the upgrade to a Quad HD resolution, we also improved the screen's brightness, color reproduction and contrast. The new AOD (Always-On Display) feature enables you to check the time, date and battery status easily.. The PRO 6 Plus has an exquisite micro-arc design and a redesigned body curve which takes over 30 steps and 150 hours to craft. All of this includes unique details such as the CD line camera, ring flash and minimalistic antenna design.. The Exynos 8 processor enables the PRO 6 Plus to run any large-scale or demanding applications you'll throw at it. With a frequency of 2.6GHz, the Exynos M1-core is combined with efficient SCI Samsung architecture and a powerful 12-core GPU. All of this is integrated into a state-of-the-art flagship chip.. Fast, precise, durable Create high-quality photos. The new CD pattern technology allows the camera to take stunning pictures. 4-axis optical image stabilization with Æ/2.0 large aperture and 6P lens allows PRO 6 Plus to produce brilliant photos at nighttime. The latest generation high-performance ISP image processor also significantly improves color, sharpness and noise reduction in photos and videos.. Aside from including the established ES9018K2M DAC, we once again lead the industry by using the AD45275 chip for low power consumption.. The unique XFCB technique enables the PRO 6 Plus to perform exceptionally while being energy efficient at the same time.. The PRO 6 Plus has an impressive 180 MHz gain bandwidth and 225V/Î¼S slew rate. This speed and density makes the PRO 6 Plus among the longest lasting devices on the market.. Adhering to Meizu's tradition of innovation, we include the popular 3D Press function which can show an app preview by pressing the button. For the PRO 6 Plus, linear gravity calibration was also added.. We optimized the fingerprint recognition speed and recognition rate to offer an improved overall accessibility. It can effectively identify the fingerprint in any direction, and being based on Live Finger Detection technology, the fingerprint scanner is more accurate than before.. The PRO 6 Plus offers full 360-degree precision in fingerprint identification. With this leading technology, your heartrate can be monitored at 50 times per second. So, with the PRO 6 Plus, you can monitor your health anytime, anywhere.. PRO 6 Plus incorporates the latest USB standards: Type-C and USB 3.1. The USB Type-C connector no longer distinguishes between which side is up and which side is down, and supports a transmission bandwidth of 5Gbps, which means 1GB of data can be transferred within 10 seconds.. The data cable has also been redesigned to support up to 60W charging. We made it more durable and secure by adding an active short-circuit protection device to protect your device against high temperatures and short circuit incidents.. We know the importance of battery life and thus we chose expensive fast-charging batteries with a total capacity of 3400mAh.. With a lifetime of over 900 cycles, which is about 2 times more than ordinary batteries, we created a surprisingly long battery life because we know it matters.. The material, product model, test data, function and performance specifications, etc. provided on this website are for reference only. Meizu may improve the contents mentioned above. Please refer to the product specification and product manual for all the specific information. Unless otherwise specified, any data in this website is the internal test result of the Meizu Lab. Under different circumstances, the data will have different degree of error. Please take the genuine device experience as the standard.. "Ordinary battery" refers to the battery in the last generation Meizu devices.. 9 am - 9 pm GTM+8. Â©2017 Meizu Telecom Equipment Co., Ltd. Please select your country or region. 
The best way to stay connected to the Android pulse. Our main newsletter is the Android Weekly which is sent every Sunday and contains all the top Android news, reviews and features from the past week.. The best way to stay connected to the Android pulse.. 100% Privacy, No Spam Policy: We value privacy and your email address will be 100% secure. We hate spam just like you do and will never send you too much email, nor will we ever share your information with anyone.. Meizu Pro 6 Plus review: great hardware augmented by excellent software. by Bailey Stein May 17, 2017. Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus.. 3D Press is kind of cool. NFC and heart rate monitor present but disabled by global software. Lack of US 4G LTE support. Despite the recent explosive growth in the affordable flagship market, Meizu has still managed to deliver an option that truly stands out. In addition to offering great hardware, the Pro 6 Plus offers fresh and innovative software which helps it inch ahead of the competition.. Meizu M5, M5s, and M5 Note review. GPU Mali-T880 MP10 or Mali-T880 MP12. Cameras Rear: 12 MP, f/2.0, OIS, phase detection & laser autofocus, ten-LED (dual tone) flash. Front: 5 MP f/2.0, 1.4 Âµm pixel size. Connectivity Wi-Fi 802.11 b/g/n/ac dual band. Dimensions and weight 155.6 x 77.3 x 7.3 mm. While blockbuster smartphone manufacturers like Samsung and LG continue to target ultra high-end markets, some Chinese makers are working hard to develop comparable options at significantly lower price points. The affordable flagship trend was first widely covered in the media after OnePlus released the OnePlus One , and options from giants Huawei and ZTE have kept the buzz going.. Other grassroots-esque companies like Meizu and Xiaomi have long focused on value, including in the mid-range price segment. Despite a smaller amount of media coverage, companies like Meizu have consistently delivered affordable flagships of their own.. The Meizu Pro 6 Plus is Meizu’s latest flagship device. Its predecessor, the Meizu Pro 6 , was a great smartphone but didn’t stand out much from competing options. But, is Meizu’s latest smartphone different? Let’s answer that question and more in our comprehensive Meizu Pro 6 Plus review!. Meizu is sticking to its guns with the Pro 6 Plus’ design. The design here is really not much different from the Pro 6 ‘s. Aside from a bump in screen size from 5.2-inches to 5.7-inches, the Pro 6 Plus is, design-wise, just a slightly better, more refined version of the Pro 6.. Fortunately, this design is still very impressive. With an all-metal unibody, the Pro 6 Plus is both beautiful and ergonomic. Since the metal is also softer than most other metal smartphones, the phone has a very nice feel in the hand.. This means that it’s also quite slippery though, so you’ll have to be careful when handling it. You may want to consider picking up a case in order to avoid damaging the device.. Meizu states that the body assembly process alone takes thirty steps and 150 hours to complete, and that amount of effort definitely pays off. The craftsmanship is quite frankly incredible. The Pro 6 Plus’ edges are definite and easy to grip yet maintain a smooth transition with the rear. The side power and volume buttons are satisfyingly tactile, too.. Make no mistake, this is a high-end design at a mid-range price. Small details like the curved antenna lines, accented earpiece, and ring flash further indicate a keen attention to detail. Make no mistake, this is a high-end design at a mid-range price.. We also really enjoy Meizu’s single-key navigation setup. Instead of the three-key layout that you are likely used to, mTouch allows users to press the single button to go home and tap it to go back. Multitasking is done with a simple swipe up from either the left or right side of the bottom bezel.. The multitasking menu has been redesigned for Flyme 6, too. The new design replaces the horizontal “cards” view with a vertical “screens” view. This makes it easier to close apps since you no longer have to change the direction of your finger between swipes.. The single key not only serves useful for navigation, however. It also functions as a fast and accurate fingerprint reader. While not as fast as the readers on some other phones like the OnePlus 3T , it certainly feels fast in everyday use.. You can also assign certain fingerprints to a guest mode and a privacy mode. What’s really nice about the Pro 6 Plus’ fingerprint reader experience are the extra features that Meizu has added. Not only can you use the reader in third party apps and for unlocking the phone, but you can also assign certain fingerprints to a guest mode and a privacy mode.. For example, you could use your right thumb for normal mode and your left thumb to access private contacts, apps, photos, videos, and files that you wouldn’t be able to access in normal mode. The software also gives you the option to lock specific apps with fingerprints.. The 5.7-inch Quad HD Super AMOLED display on the Meizu Pro 6 Plus is a considerable improvement from the Pro 6 ‘s display and is one of the best displays available at this price.. Colors are punchy yet not too oversaturated. Colors are punchy yet not too oversaturated, the contrast is excellent, and sunlight readability is decent. These attributes help make for a wonderful viewing experience in everyday use.. It’s a pleasure to use the Pro 6 Plus for everything from reading articles to watching television shows. The slightly larger size (most competing options have 5.5-inch displays), too, makes for a slightly more immersive visual experience. The minimum brightness level is also low enough to be able to use the phone comfortably in a dark room.. Interestingly, Meizu has included 3D Press technology with the Pro 6 Plus. Meizu’s 3D Press works much like Apple’s 3D Touch, where you can access contextual menus with firm presses on the display. Unfortunately, it only works with select Meizu apps, so it’s not very useful day-to-day. Still, some will certainly appreciate its inclusion.. The Meizu Pro 6 Plus also includes an Always On Display (AOD) feature, similar to many other devices with OLED displays. It works just as you’d expect, and Meizu claims that it drains less than 1% of battery life per hour, so you won’t have to worry about draining your battery too much.. The Meizu Pro 6 Plus is powered by a Samsung Exynos 8890 Octa Core processor. The Exynos 8890 was used in some variants of the Samsung Galaxy S7 and the high-end 8890 is similar in performance to the Qualcomm Snapdragon 821.. The base model of the Pro 6 Plus has this chip clocked at 2.0 GHz, whereas the higher cost variant’s chip is clocked at 2.3 GHz. We tested the base model for this review, and while it doesn’t do extremely well in benchmarks, the 4 GB of LPDDR4 RAM and UFS 2.0 storage help ensure a smooth day-to-day experience.. In terms of processing power, the Pro 6 Plus is indeed shy of the OnePlus 3T and ZTE Axon 7. Although even further off from the very recently announced Xiaomi Mi 6 , the overall performance difference is still marginal.. Meizu's One Mind AI improves performance by learning user habits. Importantly, Meizu’s Flyme 6 software has a few features which help compensate for these marginal hardware differences. Meizu’s One Mind AI, for example, improves performance by learning user habits. Meizu states that Flyme uses that model to better manage memory and decrease predicted app load times. It’s nice to see some real software innovation in this category.. There’s also a ton of animations scattered throughout the OS, which makes the experience seem snappier and more intuitive. While animations are nothing new in the smartphone space, Meizu has polished these animations so well that they feel worth mentioning.. As you may have expected, the Pro 6 Plus includes two nano-SIM card slots. Since the phone is also unlocked out of the box, this means that you can use up to two SIM cards from the same or different mobile carriers with this single phone.. Sadly, there is no support for United States 4G LTE bands. To be fair, this phone is not intended for the US market and does support LTE bands for where it is being sold. However, you should definitely keep this in mind if you live in or travel to the US, as being limited to 3G is a pretty big drawback.. The Pro 6 Plus is available with either 64 or 128 GB of UFS 2.0 internal storage. Keep in mind that the storage is non-expandable, so if you think you might need more than 64 GB, you’ll want to go for the 128 GB model.. We understand that some may be disappointed by this choice, but it’s likely in order to avoid mixing slow microSD card storage with the phone’s fast internal storage. Doing so would result in a slower overall experience, which is likely why Meizu omitted this option.. Although the Pro 6 Plus’ hardware includes NFC and a heart rate monitor, both of these features were disabled in the global firmware at the time of writing. The hardware is here, but the global software is currently unable to work with it. Hopefully Meizu will fix this for global users very soon.. The single internal speaker on the Pro 6 Plus is pretty good. It’s loud enough for general use albeit a bit distorted at higher volumes. Still, it will certainly fit the bill for most users.. The Pro 6 Plus includes Hi-Fi audio with the 32-bit ES9018K2M DAC and ADI AD45275 amp. Those with 3.5mm headphones can breathe a sigh of relief as Meizu has decided to retain the 3.5mm headphone jack for the Pro 6 Plus. In addition, the Pro 6 Plus includes Hi-Fi audio with the 32-bit ES9018K2M DAC and ADI AD45275 amp.. Meizu is stressing energy efficiency with this audio setup. One of the ways in which this is achieved is through the software. Flyme automatically determines the type of audio device and then adjusts the gain as appropriate. This ensures that the volume levels stay within reasonable ranges for the device connected.. Thanks to its large 3400mAh non-removable battery, the Pro 6 Plus is able to provide great battery life. We noticed a significant improvement in standby usage after upgrading to a beta version of Flyme 6, which seems to be the primary reason behind the substantially boosted numbers.. With Flyme 5, we averaged around three and a half hours of screen on time with nineteen hours of use. However, after upgrading to Flyme 6 beta, we averaged around five and a half hours of screen on time with twenty-six hours of use. That’s a pretty big difference, so our assessment and rating more heavily considers the Flyme 6 experience.. Unlike many of the smartphone battery life tests completed here at Android Authority , these tests were conducted over AT&T’s HSPA+ network instead of an LTE network. This is because the Meizu Pro 6 Plus does not support 4G LTE in the United States, so we had no choice but to use the phone with 3G only. Please understand that actual battery life will thus be less when using the phone on an LTE number.. Thankfully, Meizu has adopted the new USB Type-C 3.1 standard for the Pro 6 Plus. This allows for super fast data transfers plus mCharge 60W fast charging. We were able to charge the phone from 0 to 50 percent in thirty minutes and to 100 percent in sixty minutes.. The Pro 6 Plus is one of the fastest charging phones we've ever used. If you consider the amount of charge taking place in that amount of time, the Pro 6 Plus is one of the fastest charging phones we’ve ever used. It’s just a shame that it’s not a more ubiquitous fast charging standard, as you’ll be severely limited in charger selection.. The Meizu Pro 6 Plus is equipped with a Sony IMX386 12 MP f/2.0 rear camera with laser autofocus, 4-axis optical image stabilization, and a dual-tone 10-LED ring flash. Interestingly, the same Sony IMX386 camera sensor has been used in the rival Xiaomi Mi 6 .. Of course, we’ve seen time and time again that specs don’t always make or break image quality, so it’s important to analyze sample images to make a better judgement. Thankfully, we’ve captured a bunch of images in both good and poor lighting.. Images taken in good lighting turned out quite well. General color reproduction is excellent; images have just the right amount of contrast and saturation. Photos are also sharp and detailed despite the lower megapixel count.. We did notice some processing issues with bright reds. Dynamic range seems to be great too. The camera balanced the highlights and shadows of many shots very well, allowing for more realistic photos. We did notice some processing issues with bright reds, but this is far from unusual at this price. Camera performance does fall apart in low-light scenarios, however. Images are softer, colors become muted, and digital noise is noticeable. This is pretty much always the case at this price though, so we’re far from surprised. Still, if you plan to take a lot of pictures in low-light, you’ll want to consider a more expensive option like the Google Pixel XL .. While this isn’t a camera shootout by any means, we can confidently say that the Pro 6 Plus’ rear camera produces slightly better stills than the OnePlus 3T ‘s rear camera and considerably better stills than the ZTE Axon 7 ‘s. The Honor 8 still holds the crown at this price point though.. The front camera is an 5 MP f/2.0 shooter and performs about as well as we expected. The built-in Beauty mode doesn’t overdo it, too, which is great as many other beauty modes do.. The Pro 6 Plus’ rear camera can capture 4K video at 30fps. The video files are encoded using the new HEVC codec, which allows for smaller, more compressed files. Quality remains intact with this codec, but the files can prove challenging to play on some devices. You can always convert the files to a different codec if you have trouble, however.. Actual video quality is good but not great. We found the OIS to be a bit weak in our testing, but video otherwise looks pretty good.. The camera app has been slightly refined with Flyme 6, but offers the same great shooting experience as other Meizu devices. There’s a number of modes and filters available, yet the basic shooting experience remains easy to use.. You can access the camera by double pressing the home button. You can also access the camera by simply double pressing the home button. That gesture also works when the phone is locked, so you can pull up the camera app without having to unlock the phone when you want to quickly get a photo. This is a really nice feature to have so we’re glad that Meizu implemented it into the Pro 6 Plus.. Unlike many Chinese smartphones, the key selling point of the Meizu Pro 6 Plus is the software. It runs Android 6.0.1 Marshmallow, but that’s not what makes the experience unique. It’s Meizu’s Flyme skin that adds a fresh layer of value to the Pro 6 Plus.. Although the Pro 6 Plus ships with Flyme 5, Meizu is nearly done with Flyme 6. At the time of writing, users can download and use a second beta version of Flyme 6, which is what we’ve decided to evaluate because of the significant changes that it brings to the table.. It’s sometimes difficult to convey why such a different but polished software experience is nice to use as many people gloss over the details once they hear “non-stock Android.” There are a bunch of Android skins out there. And, let’s face it: a lot of them are bad. That makes people dismissive, which is quite unfortunate as there are some really great non-stock experiences out there.. Flyme 6 may just be the best Android skin available. Flyme 6 is the best software that Meizu has developed to date, and may just be the best Android skin available to date. The clean design, performance enhancing AI, innovative features, and overall polish all help make Flyme 6 an absolute pleasure to use. It’s easily one of our favorite aspects of the Pro 6 Plus.. Meizu has redesigned Flyme 6 to be more colorful and bolder. The design philosophy is content driven and emotional, which makes for an intuitive and fun experience. It’s also very consistent; the design of the system apps reflects that of the system menus. Everything seems well thought out, which can most definitely not be said for many other Android skins.. We really like Meizu's drive to innovate. We also really like Meizu’s drive to innovate. Flyme 6 includes a great number of features that we have never seen before, let alone in stock Android. For example, the software categorizes notifications sent by apps as either important or non-important. You’ll get important notifications as you usually would, but non-important notifications get sent to a separate shade. You can customize this feature on a per-app basis, or just turn it off, but we really found it helpful in cutting out distractions.. There’s also a number of security features that have been added throughout the software. Not only is there nonintrusive built-in anti-virus, but there’s also Wi-Fi network security scanning. This feature can detect simple issues like non-encrypted traffic and more complex issues like DNS tampering and ARP poisoning.. For security features, there’s also a secure payment mode, which makes a number of system changes to prevent other apps from hijacking the phone. So, for example, when opening PayPal, Flyme automatically disables screen overlays, temporarily prevents other apps from reading SMS verification codes, and disables non-touch-screen inputs. There’s a few other changes too, but the initiative here to prevent attacks is commendable.. What’s nice about Meizu’s execution here is that they aren’t overdoing it with useless features. The logical approach is noticeable in many areas, and we wish other Android manufacturers would take some notes.. There are still some areas that need improvement. There are still some areas that need improvement, however. One of the most glaring issues is Meizu’s lack of an official relationship with Google. This means that they can’t install Google apps and services on their smartphones like other Chinese manufacturers can.. Meizu instead relies on unauthorized methods. While these methods are effective, some Google apps like Android Pay won’t work because they cannot determine whether Meizu follows Google’s security standards. Thankfully, we haven’t had any notification issues with the Pro 6 Plus.. One other thing to note is that Meizu’s updates generally only include changes to Flyme and not new versions of Android. This isn’t a major issue since Meizu is pretty good about bringing newer Android features to old versions of Android.. Still, we estimate the probability of the Pro 6 Plus receiving an Android 7.0 Nougat update to be highly unlikely. Given that Android 6.0 Marshmallow is already one and a half years old at the time of writing, this could be a deal breaker for some.. The Meizu Pro 6 Plus is now available in China and can be purchased in gold, silver, or black. The base model is 2999 RMB (â$435) and includes 64 GB of storage and a 2.0 GHz Exynos 8890 processor. The higher-end model is 3299 RMB (â$478) and includes 128 GB of storage and a 2.3 GHz Exynos 8890 processor.. Despite the recent explosive growth in the affordable flagship market, Meizu has still managed to deliver an option that truly stands out. Like many of its competitors, the Meizu Pro 6 Plus offers great hardware. It’s in the software, however, where the Pro 6 Plus inches ahead of its competitors.. It's in the software where the Pro 6 Plus inches ahead of its competitors. With the Pro 6 Plus, you’re getting a great camera, a wonderful display, excellent performance, and, of course, fresh and innovative software. While there are certainly some flaws — the NFC and heart rate monitor are disabled by global software, Google apps support is unofficial, and the phone lacks support for US 4G LTE — the Meizu Pro 6 Plus offers an exceptional experience for its target audience.. And, that will be all for our Meizu Pro 6 Plus review! We hope that you found this article informative. If you have any questions or comments, please leave them in the comment section below!. Your source for all things Android!. Â© 2018 Android Authority | All Rights Reserved.. 
Press enter or click on the search icon. Page 1 Meizu Pro 6 Plus. Battery life, camera, performance and verdict. What is the Meizu Pro 6 Plus?. Meizu Pro 6 Plus – Design. Meizu Pro 6 Plus – Display. Meizu Pro 6 Plus – Software. What’s the closest equivalent to the Samsung Galaxy Note 7 since that phone went up in smoke late last year? For months the answer to that question was the Samsung Galaxy S7 Edge , but the Meizu Pro 6 Plus provides a surprisingly compelling alternative.. It’s very tricky to find in the UK, but if you manage to track it down then you should be looking to pay around the £400 mark. Considering you’re getting an all-metal phone with many of the same specs as the aforementioned Galaxy Note 7 (minus the stylus), that’s quite a proposition.. Meizu has plenty of experience creating metal-bodied phones now, so it’s no surprise to find that its high-end Pro 6 Plus is very elegantly built.. The phone’s rounded edges, drilled ports and horizontal antenna lines reveal another Android phone that apes Apple’s iPhone 6 (and beyond) design language.. I was sent the gold model, which is never a colour choice that’s particularly to my taste. However, there are grey and silver options available too. Note, though, that the gold colour here has a softer, more metallic sheen than many similar smartphone variants. Related: 12 Best Android Phones. There’s really little to note about the phone’s appearance. What’s more remarkable is how pleasant and manageable the phone is given that it employs a huge 5.7-inch display. It still isn’t a handset you’ll use comfortably single-handed, but thanks to its 7.3mm-thin, 158g body, I never felt like the seams of my trouser or jacket pockets were in any danger.. By way of a comparison, the Meizu Pro 6 Plus is about the same width and thickness as the iPhone 7 Plus , but it’s a few millimetres shorter and a huge 30g lighter. Given that its screen is even bigger, that’s pretty impressive.. Also helping with the Meizu Pro 6 Plus’ unassuming design is its camera bump. Put simply, one barely exists, with just a slight metal lip lifting it away from the body. It’s centrally placed, but you can lay it down flat and it won’t rock from side to side unless you really press on the extreme edges of the phone.. Below the camera lens is something I initially mistook for a funky new fingerprint sensor. Not only is this mystery component placed in a similar location to other rear-mounted biometric sensors, but it has a flat, round appearance.. It’s actually part of the camera, however. It serves as the flash, which is comprised of ten LEDs arranged in a ring. The actual fingerprint sensor is located on the front of the phone in the traditional – for iPhone and Samsung users at least – home button position. This worked quickly and reliably, and I preferred its iPhone-like recessed nature to Samsung’s sticky-uppy alternative. It just feels more locatable when you’re feeling for it unseen.. Get news, competitions and special offers direct to your inbox. By submitting your information, you agree to the Terms & Conditions and Privacy & Cookies Policy .. Please keep me up to date with special offers and news from Trusted Reviews and other brands within the Time Inc. You can unsubscribe at any time.. We'd also like to send you special offers and news just by email from other carefully selected companies we think you might like. Your personal details will not be shared with those companies - we send the emails and you can unsubscribe at any time. Please tick here if you are happy to receive these messages.. Terms & Conditions and Privacy & Cookies Policy. Just like those high-profile rivals, the Meizu Pro 6 Pluss fingerprint sensor forms part of a physical home button, which you’ll have to click to wake the phone as well as (obviously) returning you to the phone’s homescreen.. This home button also doubles as a capacitive back key. I expected to dislike this doubling up of functionality, but with practice I grew to like it – particularly when web browsing or quickly backing out from tinkering with camera settings to capture a shot.. You get the usual arrangement of power and volume keys on the right-hand side of the phone, but in a rare misstep both have the same flat texture. This meant that I was never quite sure which key I was pressing when not looking – although in fairness, I usually managed to choose the right one.. Meizu hasn’t cut any corners with the Pro 6 Plus display. Indeed, on paper, its specs match up to the dearly departed Samsung Galaxy Note 7 – a 5.7-inch behemoth with a QHD (1,440 x 2,560 pixels) resolution for a fine 515ppi pixel density.. Even the panel type matches Samsung’s ex-flagship: a super-vivid Super AMOLED. It would be a tad optimistic to hope that the picture would be as good. But while Samsung remains the king of AMOLED, I had few complaints with Meizu’s effort.. Yes, colours are a lot punchier and more “false” than you might be used to in an IPS LCD, which is particularly noticeable when dealing with pale skin tones or red objects. But Meizu has at least included a slider function to let you make the picture warmer or cooler according to taste.. It isn’t the brightest display I’ve ever used, and it even seemed a little dim when I took it out on an atypically sunny day in early March. Perhaps the most notable feature of this display is the fact that it has a pressure-sensitive 3D Touch facility, much like the iPhone 7 Plus. This is rare on an Android phone, and while it works perfectly fine here, it feels rather gimmicky.. It’s only really usable in Meizu’s small selection of custom apps – when previewing an email, for example, or… previewing a text message. It’s all rather half-baked and nowhere near as well implemented as it is in iOS – which many would say is of questionable value itself. There’s really nothing lost by its inclusion, but it’s far from a system selling feature.. The Meizu Pro 6 Plus runs on Android 6.0.1 Marshmallow out of the box. This isn’t the freshest build of Android in town these days, with Android 7.0 Nougat officially landing back in August 2016.. Not that this matters in practical terms. With Meizu’s Flyme 6.0 UI layered on top, this is a heavily tweaked version of Android regardless.. Although this is the international version of the phone, you may be rather confused by the appearance of Chinese Mandarin text during the setup procedure. Scrolling down and selecting English as your language will restore things to legibility.. One other potential point of confusion is the default app provision. Out of the box there are absolutely no Google apps preinstalled on the phone. Indeed, you won’t even find the Google Play Store in order to help you download those Google apps – or any others you may have bought, for that matter.. This further gives away the Meizu Pro 6 Plus’ domestic focus – China and Google don’t really get along – but there’s a simple and quick way around it. Simply head into Meizu’s Hot Apps app and download the Google Apps Installer. This will provide access to the Google Play Store and some crucial Googley system gubbins.. One added annoyance is that you’ll need to manage your security permissions whenever there are updates, as any apps downloaded through the Google Play Store will be treated as being from an unknown source. It’s just an extra layer of approval, but it’s one that you probably won’t be used to from an Android phone.. Besides this early point of friction, Flyme 6.0 is a relatively smooth and intuitive UI to use – if a little generic. Meizu’s software team is clearly a big fan of iOS, with a number of recognisable fonts, transparency effects, and touches littered throughout the UI.. It even omits the app drawer, although that’s far from unique among Android phones these days. A more notable omission here is that of the typical Android multi-tasking key. Rather, you have to swipe up from the bottom of the screen to access a familiar app card carousel. It takes a little getting used to, since you need to start your swipe from off the screen.. What’s more, I found that when trying to access the function in a rush, my thumb would often tap the home button first – which of course initiates the back command. This is the natural place for your thumb to fall, so you have to learn to instinctively contort your digit to either side. I’m not sure how quick this process will be, but I was still getting it wrong after a solid week of usage.. One other persistent annoyance I found was the way in which Flyme handled third-party notifications, with a generic speech bubble employed for a whole range of uses. Have you just received a text message, or is it a traffic update from Google Maps? They’re treated as one and the same here. This, as you can imagine, doesn’t prove too useful – other than to tell you that something is happening. Flyme joins its fellow Chinese Android UIs in offering up a Theme store, which essentially provides a bunch of skins covering the homescreens and menus. You could choose one that makes it all look even more like iOS, one that reflects the current season, or one that announces you as a die-hard Guns N’ Roses fan. Yep, they can get pretty specific.. It’s a nice idea, but in truth most of them simply make your homescreen look a little cheap and gimmicky – like you handed over its design to a moderately talented art student rather than a dedicated UI team.. Meizu’s stock apps are perfectly pleasant to use, with an emphasis on clear, unobtrusive design and fluidity (again, with a hefty tip of the hat to iOS). But the only real reason you’d stick with them over Google’s alternatives, or your own third-party picks, would be that aforementioned 3D Touch compatibility.. As I’ve already mentioned, the implementation of this iOS-like trick is rather half-baked and superfluous here. I forgot it existed on more than one occasion.. Next Battery life, camera, performance and verdict. Trusted Reviews is part of Time Inc. (UK) Ltd Fashion & Beauty Network. 
more ... more .... more ... more .... 4 Call quality, Battery life and Conclusion. by Nick Todorov. 4 Call quality, Battery life and Conclusion. Introduction Meizu is a brand name we rarely get to mention, even though the Chinese company has been in the smartphone business for a whole decade. That’s due to the fact that only recently its phones became officially available in Western markets – through retailers like Amazon and Meizu’s own online stores. And as the case is with many Chinese brands, Meizu handsets aim to stand out by offering decent specs and attractive design at a competitive price. The Meizu Pro 6 Plus , in particular, is a high-end Android model that’s going to cost 499 euros (about $530) when it is released in France and Italy. In exchange you get a device with software and design that have been clearly inspired by Apple’s iPhone , while the specs place it in the premium tier, next to the Galaxy S7 and the likes. But ultimately, is the Meizu Pro 6 Plus a good buy? I used it for several weeks to find out! In the box: Meizu Pro 6 Plus smartphone USB C charging cable Wall charger (with Quick Charge support) Quick start guide (which you should definitely read!) SIM ejector tool Design A phone built well, with attention paid to details. When it comes to design, the iPhone influence over the Meizu Pro 6 Plus is undeniable. The color, the shape of the antenna bands, the feel of the phone’s metal exterior – all remind of Apple’s popular handset. One major difference: Meizu’s phone has a headphone jack. But another is that it isn’t water-resistant. One should keep in mind that the Meizu Pro 6 Plus is a pretty large handset. Given its size, I don’t find it particularly heavy. As a phone of this price point should, the Meizu Pro 6 Plus looks and feels like a high-quality product – one that could justify its price tag. And it has been built with attention to detail, judging by the accents matching the color of the phone’s body. The home button, situated below the screen , has a fingerprint scanner built into it. Of course, it keeps the phone locked while it isn’t being used, but during operation, it also doubles as the back navigation key: a tap on the button takes you back one step, and a firm press takes you to the home screen – a unique approach that I find mostly convenient. My only complaint is that I sometimes tap it by accident when playing games. As far as reliability goes, the fingerprint scanner does an okay job, but there’s a learning curve to it. I’ve noticed that my fingers tend to easily slide across its super-slippery surface, which sometimes results in inaccurate readings. Over time, I found out that the best way to use it is to press firmly for a second and then lift my thumb. According to Meizu’s website, the scanner also doubles as a heart-rate monitor, although my review unit doesn’t have a pre-loaded app capable of taking advantage of this feature. I later found out that a pulse measurement app will be added through a software update. Display A screen that the great majority would be okay with. Extras like pressure sensitivity and the stand-by display are welcome. Once again, I must mention the iPhone in this review, as the Pro 6 Plus borrows a key feature straight from it. Meizu’s phone has a pressure-sensitive touchscreen, which enables 3D-Touch-like interaction with various home screen icons. For example, hard-pressing the Phone app icon lets you access recent contacts. Hard-press a picture in the gallery, and a preview pop-up appears. It’s a feature with potential, although I didn’t really use it much. That’s maybe because I didn’t find the shortcuts useful enough in order to develop the habit. Also, the functionality is not supported by third-party apps in any way. Deep in the Settings menu I also found a blue light filter called Eye-protection mode. Much like Apple’s Night Shift feature, it can be set to activate at a specific time, or you can trigger it manually with a toggle button in the notifications shade. Also in the settings menu I came across a very handy option to display the time on the screen during stand-by – a feature inspired by the Galaxy S7, clearly. On the technical side of things, the Meizu Pro 6 Plus has a spacious, 5.7-inch display with high resolution: 1440 by 2560 pixels (515 ppi). It is ideal for viewing photos, browsing the web, playing games, and all the activities modern phones are typically used for. The screen itself is of the AMOLED variety. Colors are vivid, but not overly so, and I’d say that their representation on the Pro 6 Plus would please the majority of users, despite the inaccuracies we measured during testing (evident in the charts below). The maximum brightness level – a factor directly affecting outdoor usability – is a tad below what other high-ends can achieve and lower than what Meizu advertises, but I never found this to be an issue throughout my use.. 6.13 x 3.04 x 0.29 inches. 155.6 x 77.3 x 7.3 mm. 6.01 x 2.94 x 0.29 inches. 152.7 x 74.7 x 7.35 mm. 6.23 x 3.07 x 0.29 inches. 158.2 x 77.9 x 7.3 mm. 5.94 x 2.86 x 0.3 inches. 150.9 x 72.6 x 7.7 mm. To see the phones in real size or compare them with other models, visit our Visual Phone Size Comparison page.. Minimum brightness (nits) Lower is better. Contrast Higher is better. Color temperature (Kelvins). Delta E rgbcmy Lower is better. Delta E grayscale Lower is better. The CIE 1931 xy color gamut chart represents the set (area) of colors that a display can reproduce, with the sRGB colorspace (the highlighted triangle) serving as reference. The chart also provides a visual representation of a display's color accuracy. The small squares across the boundaries of the triangle are the reference points for the various colors, while the small dots are the actual measurements. Ideally, each dot should be positioned on top of its respective square. The 'x: CIE31' and 'y: CIE31' values in the table below the chart indicate the position of each measurement on the chart. 'Y' shows the luminance (in nits) of each measured color, while 'Target Y' is the desired luminance level for that color. Finally, 'ΔE 2000' is the Delta E value of the measured color. Delta E values of below 2 are ideal.. These measurements are made using SpectraCal's CalMAN calibration software.. The Color accuracy chart gives an idea of how close a display's measured colors are to their referential values. The first line holds the measured (actual) colors, while the second line holds the reference (target) colors. The closer the actual colors are to the target ones, the better.. These measurements are made using SpectraCal's CalMAN calibration software.. The Grayscale accuracy chart shows whether a display has a correct white balance (balance between red, green and blue) across different levels of grey (from dark to bright). The closer the Actual colors are to the Target ones, the better.. These measurements are made using SpectraCal's CalMAN calibration software.. Meizu PRO 6 Plus Compare. posted on 30 Jan 2017, 08:22. So majority of those cons can be solved when it gets Nougat.... (Posts: 6747; Member since: 30 Sep 2014). posted on 30 Jan 2017, 09:27. nougat could fix this 2 problems. - UI still needs work and bug fixes. Detached from Google’s ecosystem: thats because this phone designed for chinese market, and google-less android is normal thing on that part of this planet. Aggressively kills background apps: some simple changes in dev options can help that, this phone have 4GB of RAM afterall :-/. Wouldn’t recommend it for heavy gaming: but why? this phone use E8890... even midranger phone with SD650/652 won't have any trouble running "heavy game". there must be something wrong with that unit :-/. (but this phone isn't that great actually, xiaomi and oneplus is better options). (Posts: 178; Member since: 27 May 2011). posted on 30 Jan 2017, 09:43. To clarify, there are several reasons why I wouldn't recommend the phone for gaming: accidental touching of the back button, choppiness in some games, and the fact that some popular games refused to run at all. Also, I must mention that the 64GB model that I reviewed has slower CPU and GPU. About your previous remark, Meizu phones are officially sold in some European countries with international software. The unit I reviewed was a global, not a Chinese one.. (Posts: 254; Member since: 19 Mar 2015). posted on 30 Jan 2017, 11:13. in response to #10 Hide. Why u reviewed down locked one, just to show lower score from Meizu?. (Posts: 2; Member since: 30 Jan 2017). posted on 30 Jan 2017, 08:47. it's fake review , shame on you!. Exynos 8899 73k on antutu ahahaha lol. (Posts: 6747; Member since: 30 Sep 2014). posted on 30 Jan 2017, 09:16. even with terrible optimization, it should get at least 100k :-/. (Posts: 178; Member since: 27 May 2011). posted on 30 Jan 2017, 09:31. Actually the phone runs in "Balanced mode" by default, and that's the actual score it gets. If you switch to "Performance mode", you'll get 112K. And more power draw, of course.. (Posts: 32; Member since: 26 May 2016). posted on 30 Jan 2017, 08:47. Hmm it deserves at least 7.5-8.. (Posts: 289; Member since: 02 Jul 2014). posted on 30 Jan 2017, 09:44. Compared to Op3 and Galaxy, HTC 10, LG g5.... Not a chanse, especially not at that price. This is first time that i agree with PA ratings.. (Posts: 418; Member since: 05 Jan 2015). posted on 30 Jan 2017, 11:14. I agree totally with your rating. I can't see a rating of only 6.. (Posts: 6747; Member since: 30 Sep 2014). posted on 30 Jan 2017, 09:11. please fix the numbering at http://www.phonearena.com/news /Affordable-not-cheap-10-best-low-cost-smartphones-2017-edition_id58696. the writer apparently have some trouble at counting down from 10 (he skip 9 and 6). but the title already correct "8 best low-cost smartphones" even if the url said "10-best-low-cost-smartphones-2017-edition_id58696​". (I write here because PA disabled comment in that article). (Posts: 178; Member since: 27 May 2011). posted on 30 Jan 2017, 09:34. (Posts: 16; Member since: 29 Mar 2014). posted on 30 Jan 2017, 09:42. "When it comes to design, the iPhone influence over the Meizu Pro 6 Plus is undeniable. The color, the shape of the antenna bands, the feel of the phone’s metal exterior – all remind of Apple’s popular handset". (Posts: 465; Member since: 15 Jul 2014). posted on 30 Jan 2017, 10:08. I strongly disagree, I'm not a Meizu boi but I saw these bands and leaks before iPhone 7 rumors so no, Meizu was here first. It's inline with it's design since 2013 when it copied the M7.. (Posts: 6747; Member since: 30 Sep 2014). posted on 30 Jan 2017, 18:16. (Posts: 200; Member since: 02 Oct 2016). posted on 30 Jan 2017, 10:48. To Meizu, you need to release Meizu PRO 9 immediately so you will get 9.0 score. The reviewer is so fond of giving score base on version number or at least with worthless Cr@pple logo.. (Posts: 418; Member since: 05 Jan 2015). posted on 30 Jan 2017, 11:08. I haven't seen many positive reviews of Chinese phones on this site. Yes, you can quote performance stats, but the rating given to any phone is mainly subjective. It is common knowledge that we have opinions which we then seek to justify by finding evidence to 'prove' that we are right while overlooking or downplaying counter evidence. Even scientists can be guilty of this bias. I used the Meizu Pro 5 for about 6 months a year ago - a fairly long time for me for any phone - and I don't play any games more graphic intensive than solitaire. The Pro 5 was one of the best phones I ever owned and would highly recommend the Pro 6 Plus. I am into smaller phones at the moment, preferably only 5 inch ones but if I were looking for a 5.7 inch phone, this one would be in my top 5. You get a very high end phone for much less money than a Samsung Galaxy S7 Edge. I love the one-button navigation and the UI was never an issue for me.. (Posts: 1; Member since: 09 Feb 2017). posted on 09 Feb 2017, 05:01. UI still needs work and bug fixes. Flyme 6 is on its way. All Google apps can be installed. Wouldn’t recommend it for heavy gaming. You should have switched into Performance mode. After that AnTuTu will give 112 000. All other reviewers got better battery score that iPhone 7Plus but not phonearena. Headphones output power should be measured when "Headphones" not "plugs" are activated. The score should at the level of Meizu Pro 5. Want to comment? Please login or register .. Display 5.7 inches, 1440 x 2560 pixels (515 ppi) Super AMOLED. Size 6.13 x 3.04 x 0.29 inches (155.6 x 77.3 x 7.3 mm). Samsung Exynos 8 Octa, Octa-core, 2300 MHz, Samsung Exynos M1 and ARM Cortex-A53 processor 4 GB RAM. Gear S4 may come with a blood pressure monitor, Samsung patent reveals. Google Pay launches today, but its most important feature is not here yet. Galaxy S9 and S9+ previewed in glorious detail with full specs and release date. Galaxy S9 and S9+ price and release date on Verizon, AT&T, T-Mobile and Best Buy. The Samsung Galaxy S9 and S9+ have game-changing cameras with variable aperture and 960fps slow-mo video recording. The Big Barcelona Camera Comparison: iPhone X vs Pixel 2 XL vs Note 8. Samsung Galaxy S9 and S9+ rumor review: Specs, design, features, price and release date. Samsung Galaxy A8 (2018) Review 6.5. Sony Xperia XA2 and Xperia XA2 Ultra Review 7.8. Huawei Mate 10 Lite Review 8. Jabra Elite 65t wireless earphones Review 8.5. Samsung Galaxy Note 3 vs Samsung Galaxy Note 2. LG V30 Review 8.8. Sony presents Xperia XZ2 and XZ2 Compact: new design and Snapdragon 845. Galaxy S9 Exynos edition gets benchmarked against rivals!. Galaxy S9 first camera comparison vs iPhone X, V30, S8. Samsung Galaxy S9 & S9+ hands-on. MWC 2018: top smartphones to expect. Best smartphone you can buy in 2018. Allo is a quality app, but Google isn't giving it a real chance. All content (phone reviews, news, specs, info), design and layouts are Copyright 2001-2018 phoneArena.com. Reproduction in whole or in part or in any form or medium without written permission is prohibited! Privacy. 
Our new search experience requires JavaScript to be enabled. Please enable JavaScript on your browser , then try again .. All Categories Antiques Art Baby Books Business & Industrial Cameras & Photo Cell Phones & Accessories Clothing, Shoes & Accessories Coins & Paper Money Collectibles Computers/Tablets & Networking Consumer Electronics Crafts Dolls & Bears DVDs & Movies eBay Motors Entertainment Memorabilia Gift Cards & Coupons Health & Beauty Home & Garden Jewelry & Watches Music Musical Instruments & Gear Pet Supplies Pottery & Glass Real Estate Specialty Services Sporting Goods Sports Mem, Cards & Fan Shop Stamps Tickets & Experiences Toys & Hobbies Travel Video Games & Consoles Everything Else. Hi ( Sign in to bid or buy) Daily Deals Gift Cards Help & Contact Sell. Summary Recently Viewed Bids/Offers Watch List Purchase History Selling Saved Searches Saved Sellers Messages. Refine your search for meizu pro 6 plus. All Listings - Current page. results for meizu pro 6 plus. Save meizu pro 6 plus to get e-mail alerts and updates on your eBay Feed.. Unfollow meizu pro 6 plus to stop getting updates on your eBay Feed.. You'll receive email and Feed alerts when new items arrive. Afghanistan - AFG Albania - ALB Algeria - DZA American Samoa - ASM Andorra - AND Angola - AGO Anguilla - AIA Antigua and Barbuda - ATG Argentina - ARG Armenia - ARM Aruba - ABW Australia - AUS Austria - AUT Azerbaijan Republic - AZE Bahamas - BHS Bahrain - BHR Bangladesh - BGD Barbados - BRB Belarus - BLR Belgium - BEL Belize - BLZ Benin - BEN Bermuda - BMU Bhutan - BTN Bolivia - BOL Bosnia and Herzegovina - BIH Botswana - BWA Brazil - BRA British Virgin Islands - VGB Brunei Darussalam - BRN Bulgaria - BGR Burkina Faso - BFA Burma - MMR Burundi - BDI Cambodia - KHM Cameroon - CMR Canada - CAN Cape Verde Islands - CPV Cayman Islands - CYM Central African Republic - CAF Chad - TCD Chile - CHL China - CHN Colombia - COL Comoros - COM Congo, Democratic Republic of the - COD Congo, Republic of the - COG Cook Islands - COK Costa Rica - CRI Cote d Ivoire (Ivory Coast) - CIV Croatia, Republic of - HRV Cyprus - CYP Czech Republic - CZE Denmark - DNK Djibouti - DJI Dominica - DMA Dominican Republic - DOM Ecuador - ECU Egypt - EGY El Salvador - SLV Equatorial Guinea - GNQ Eritrea - ERI Estonia - EST Ethiopia - ETH Falkland Islands (Islas Malvinas) - FLK Fiji - FJI Finland - FIN France - FRA French Guiana - GUF French Polynesia - PYF Gabon Republic - GAB Gambia - GMB Georgia - GEO Germany - DEU Ghana - GHA Gibraltar - GIB Greece - GRC Greenland - GRL Grenada - GRD Guadeloupe - GLP Guam - GUM Guatemala - GTM Guernsey - GGY Guinea - GIN Guinea-Bissau - GNB Guyana - GUY Haiti - HTI Honduras - HND Hong Kong - HKG Hungary - HUN Iceland - ISL India - IND Indonesia - IDN Ireland - IRL Israel - ISR Italy - ITA Jamaica - JAM Japan - JPN Jersey - JEY Jordan - JOR Kazakhstan - KAZ Kenya - KEN Kiribati - KIR Korea, South - KOR Kuwait - KWT Kyrgyzstan - KGZ Laos - LAO Latvia - LVA Lebanon - LBN Liechtenstein - LIE Lithuania - LTU Luxembourg - LUX Macau - MAC Macedonia - MKD Madagascar - MDG Malawi - MWI Malaysia - MYS Maldives - MDV Mali - MLI Malta - MLT Marshall Islands - MHL Martinique - MTQ Mauritania - MRT Mauritius - MUS Mayotte - MYT Mexico - MEX Micronesia - FSM Moldova - MDA Monaco - MCO Mongolia - MNG Montenegro - MNE Montserrat - MSR Morocco - MAR Mozambique - MOZ Namibia - NAM Nauru - NRU Nepal - NPL Netherlands - NLD Netherlands Antilles - ANT New Caledonia - NCL New Zealand - NZL Nicaragua - NIC Niger - NER Nigeria - NGA Niue - NIU Norway - NOR Oman - OMN Pakistan - PAK Palau - PLW Panama - PAN Papua New Guinea - PNG Paraguay - PRY Peru - PER Philippines - PHL Poland - POL Portugal - PRT Puerto Rico - PRI Qatar - QAT Reunion - REU Romania - ROU Russian Federation - RUS Rwanda - RWA Saint Helena - SHN Saint Kitts-Nevis - KNA Saint Lucia - LCA Saint Pierre and Miquelon - SPM Saint Vincent and the Grenadines - VCT San Marino - SMR Saudi Arabia - SAU Senegal - SEN Serbia - SRB Seychelles - SYC Sierra Leone - SLE Singapore - SGP Slovakia - SVK Slovenia - SVN Solomon Islands - SLB Somalia - SOM South Africa - ZAF Spain - ESP Sri Lanka - LKA Suriname - SUR Swaziland - SWZ Sweden - SWE Switzerland - CHE Taiwan - TWN Tajikistan - TJK Tanzania - TZA Thailand - THA Togo - TGO Tonga - TON Trinidad and Tobago - TTO Tunisia - TUN Turkey - TUR Turkmenistan - TKM Turks and Caicos Islands - TCA Tuvalu - TUV Uganda - UGA Ukraine - UKR United Arab Emirates - ARE United Kingdom - UK United States - USA Uruguay - URU Uzbekistan - UZB Vanuatu - VUT Vatican City State - VAT Venezuela - VEN Vietnam - VNM Virgin Islands (U.S) - VIR Wallis and Futuna - WLF Western Sahara - ESH Western Samoa - WSM Yemen - YEM Zambia - ZMB Zimbabwe - ZWE. For Meizu M6 M5 M3 Note Ultra Slim Soft Silicone Shockproof Case Cover Skin. Meizu PRO 7 Plus Dual Sim 64GB / 128GB Smartphone Mobile 4G LTE GMS Unlocked. For Meizu M5C M5S M5 M3S Note Ultra Slim Soft Silicone Skin Matte Case TPU Cover. Original Meizu Pro 7 Plus MTK Helio X30 10-core 2.6 GHz 5.7" Dual Screen 6GB 64G. For Meizu A5 M5S M5 M6 Note Shockproof Hybrid Case Armor Rugged Kickstand Cover. For Meizu M5/M6 Note M3S MX6 MX5 360° Hybrid Armor Rugged Case Kickstand Cover. Luxury Bumper TPU Soft Rubber Skin Case Cover For Meizu MX5 M2 M3 Note Pro6/plus. For Meizu M6 M5 M3 Note U10 U20 Shockproof Matte Slim Hard Back Cover Case Skin. 360° Shockproof Soft Silicone TPU Clear Case Cover For Meizu Pro 6 Plus/Note 3 5. Original Meizu Pro 6 Plus Exynos 8890 Octa core cell phone 5.7" 2K Screen. Meizu Pro 7 Plus Dual Sim Black 5.7" 6GB 64GB Dual12MP Android Phone By FedEx. For Meizu M5 M6 Note Pro 7 Shockproof Carbon Fiber Silicone Hybrid TPU Case Skin. For Meizu M6 Note Pro 7 Plus Luxury Business Leather Slim Flip Wallet Case Cover. Meizu Pro 7 Plus Helio X30 Deca Core smartphone 5.7" 2K Screen Dual Rear camera. Meizu Pro 7 Plus Dual Sim Silver 5.7" 6GB 64GB Dual12MP Android Phone By FedEx. Crystal Clear Transparent Soft TPU Back Cover For Meizu M6 M5 M3 Note Phone Case. Meizu Pro 7 Plus Dual Sim Black 5.7" 6GB 128GB Dual12MP Android Phone By FedEx. For Meizu Pro 5 6 7 M5 M6 Note Luxury Ultra-thin Soft Silicone Rubber Case Cover. Meizu Pro 7 Plus Dual Sim Gold 5.7" 6GB 64GB Dual12MP Android Phone By FedEx. MEIZU PRO 7 Plus 5.7 inch Dual Display 6GB RAM 64GB ROM Helio X30 Deca-core 4G S. For Meizu Pro 5 6 7 Ultra Thin 360° Full Protective Shockproof Phone Case Cover. New Meizu Pro 7 Plus Smartphone Android 7.0 Helio X30 Deca Core 4G WIFI Touch ID. Luxury Slim Matte Electroplate Hybrid Hard Case Cover For Meizu M2 M3 M5 M6 Note. MEIZU PRO 7 Plus 5.7 inch Dual Display 6GB RAM 128GB ROM Helio X30 Deca-core 4G. Hybrid Shockproof Armor Case Stand Cover Skin For Meizu M5/M6 Note M3S MX6 MX5. For MEIZU Full Coverage Shockproof Slim Case Silicone Soft Protective Cover Skin. MEIZU PRO 7 Plus 5.7 inch Dual Display 6GB RAM 64GB ROM Helio X30 Deca-core 4G. Phone Case For Various Phone New Fashion Cute Pattern Slim Soft TPU Back Shell. 360° Shockproof Transparent Silicone Soft TPU Back Case Cover For Meizu Meilan. For Meizu M2 M3 M5 M6 Note Magnetic Card Slots Wallet Flip Leather Cover Case. Tempered Glass For Meizu Pro 6 7 Plus MX6 U10 U20 Metal E2 Full Cover Color Film. For Meizu Pro 6 Plus M5/M6 Note M3S Luxury Flip Leather Slim Wallet Case Cover. 2.5D 9H Tempered Glass Screen Protector Film For Meizu M6 Note M6S S6 Pro7 Plus. New Screen Protector Tempered Glass Film Protection Cover For Meizu M3S/M5C/M5S. Tempered Glass For Meizu M6 Note M6S S6 Pro7 Plus Full Cover Screen Protective. ShockProof 360 Silicone Matte Slim TPU Case Cover For Meizu M3S/M3 Note/M5 Note. Full Covered Tempered Glass Screen Protector Film For Meizu MX6 M5 7 Pro M3 Note. HOT Nillkin Frosted Hard Slim Plastic Back Phone Case Cover For Meizu Pro 6 Plus. For Meizu MX6&Pro6/7 M5/M3 Note Ultra-Thin Soft Silicone Rubber Back Case Cover. Ultra Thin Screen Protector Scratch-resist ant Tempered Glass For Meizu Series. New Meizu Pro 6 Plus M686 64GB 4GB RAM Dual Sim Phone Unlocked+Gift. USB-C 3.1 Type C Fast Charging Charger Data Cable For Meizu Full Series Phone. New Meizu Pro 7 Plus Android 7.0 Helio X30 Deca Core GPS Touch ID 16.0MP 6GB64GB. Meizu Pro 6 Plus Smartphone Android 6.0 Exynos 8890 Octa Core Touch ID 4GB 64GB. Meizu Pro 6 Plus Cover Case Funda Coque Tpu Ultra Thin Silicone Slim Noziroh. 2 new & refurbished from $12.75. For Meizu Pro 6 Plus M5S Tough Armor Cover Shockproof Hybrid Shell Stand Case. New fashion Cartoon Flower Leather slots wallet pouch case skin cover #5 W. Ultra-Thin Soft Silicone Rubber Back Case Cover For Meizu M3S/M3 Note/M5 Note/M5. For Meizu M3 M5 Note M5S Pro 6/6S 7 360° Shockproof Slim Hard Back Case Cover. For Meizu M5 M6 Pro5 Pro6 Plus Slim Silicone TPU Matte Shockproof 360° Case. ▶For Meizu M3 M5 Note M5S U10 U20 Pro 6 Plus▶. eBay determines this price through a machine learned model of the product's sale prices within the last 90 days.. eBay determines trending price through a machine learned model of the product’s sale prices within the last 90 days. "New" refers to a brand-new, unused, unopened, undamaged item, and "Used" refers to an item that has been used previously.. Top Rated Plus Sellers with highest buyer ratings Returns, money back Ships in a business day with tracking Learn More. Top Rated Plus Sellers with highest buyer ratings Returns, money back Ships in a business day with tracking Learn More. Cell Phones, Smart Watches & Accessories. Cell Phone Cases, Covers & Skins. $ Enter minimum price to $ Enter maximum price. Please enter a minimum and/or maximum price before continuing.. Site Map Copyright © 1995-2018 eBay Inc. Accessibility , User Agreement , Privacy , Cookies and AdChoice Norton Secured - powered by Verisign. Number of bids and bid amounts may be slightly out of date. See each listing for international shipping options and costs.. 
more ... more .... more ... more .... Release date: Nov 1, 2016. View all photos (45). Click to read the full review. Thin body, measuring less than 7.5mm/0.3inches (0.29 inches). Extremely high pixel density screen (515 ppi). Lots of RAM (4 GB RAM). Lacks microSD slot for storage expansion. Тhe Meizu Pro 6 Plus features some savvy new specs compared to its predecessor. Housing a bigger, 5.7-inch 1440 x 2560 AMOLED display, the handset is powered by the Samsung Exynos 8890 chipset, the same unit that drives the Samsung Galaxy S7 and S7 edge, rather than a MediaTek chip. There are 4GB of RAM and up to 128GB of internal storage. The smartphone also offers a fingerprint sensor, a heart-rate monitor, and 3D Touch technology. There's a 12MP camera on its back, which is paired with Samsung's image signal processor and optical image stabilization system, which ought to provide better-looking photos. Powered by a 3400mAh battery with fast charging that takes it to 60% in half an hour, the 0.29in (7.3mm)-thin Meizu Pro 6 Plus introduces Flyme OS 6, the newest version of the handset maker's Android platform.. Meizu PRO 6 Plus Review Meizu PRO 6 Plus benchmarks. OS: Android (6.0), Meizu Flyme UI. Dimensions: 6.13 x 3.04 x 0.29 inches (155.6 x 77.3 x 7.3 mm). Weight: 5.57 oz (158 g) the average is 5.6 oz (159 g). Display Physical size: 5.7 inches. Resolution: 1440 x 2560 pixels. Features: Ambient light sensor, Proximity sensor. Pixel density - The pixel density of a display represents the number of pixels over an area of one inch. It’s measured in “pixels per inch”, or ppi. The higher the number, the more detailed and good-looking the display is.. Technology - There are two main screen technologies currently used in phones and tablets: LCD and AMOLED. The former usually features a light source and liquid crystals, while the latter is based on organic light-emitting diodes. Newer LCD variations like IPS-LCD and Super-LCD allow for very accurate color reproduction and very wide viewing angles, where no significant image quality loss is observed. Current AMOLED screens differ in such a way that they can exhibit much more saturated colors (sometimes too much) and incredibly high contrast levels, which is due to black color being completely black in AMOLED displays.. Screen-to-body ratio - Shows what part of the frontal area of a phone its screen occupies.. Hardware Features: Optical image stabilization, Autofocus (Phase detection, Laser), CMOS image sensor. Software Features: Touch to focus, Face detection, Self-timer, Digital zoom, Geo tagging. Settings: Exposure compensation, ISO control, White balance presets. Shooting Modes: Burst mode, High Dynamic Range mode (HDR), Panorama. Aperture size - The aperture of a camera is the opening through which light travels before it reaches the camera sensor. The smaller the number is, the bigger this opening is, allowing for more light to pass.. Camera sensor size - A bigger camera sensor is able to capture more light, and thus produce better photos.. Pixel size - The size of an individual pixel on a camera's sensor. Octa-core, 2300 MHz, Samsung Exynos M1 and ARM Cortex-A53 , 64-bit. System chip - Most modern handsets use an advanced chip that includes many of the device’s hardware modules like the processor, Wi-Fi, Bluetooth and sometimes even the wireless radio. This field shows what particular system chip (or System-on-a-Chip) is used in the phone.. Processor - The processor is the main computing component of a phone and is a major factor when it comes to the overall speed of the device. Some more powerful smartphones use dual-core and quad-core processors designed to deliver greater performance.. Graphics processor - The graphics processor is important for the smooth operation of the system and especially in games and other applications that may involve complex graphics and animations.. System memory - System memory, or RAM memory is the type of memory that the device uses to temporarily store data from the OS or currently-running apps. The more RAM available to the device, the better the performance will be when multiple or heavier programs are running.. Built-in storage - Bigger storage capacity allows you to keep more content saved onto your device, such as more applications, photos or video. Games and video content typically take up the biggest amount of storage space.. Capacity - The bigger, the better! However, battery capacity is not the only factor that has an effect on battery life. Those include the chipset in use, the software running on the device, as well as the consumer's unique usage pattern.. Filter by: Album, Artist, Genre, Playlists. Features: Album art cover, Background playback. Cellular GSM: 850, 900, 1800, 1900 MHz. Other features: Voice dialing, Voice commands, Voice recording. 802.11 a, b, g, n, ac, dual-band. Features: Mass storage device, USB charging. Other: NFC, Tethering, Computer sync, OTA sync. Positioning - This field shows the positioning systems supported by the device. The most common types are GPS and A-GPS.. GPS - This is one of the most widespread global positioning technologies, developed and maintained by the U.S. It uses satellites in order to detect your location. A-GPS - A-GPS stands for Assisted GPS and is the industry standard for positioning and navigation. “Assisted” means that it can use local wireless networks, in addition to satellites, for quicker and more precise localization.. Availability Officially announced: 30 Nov 2016. Shopping information MSRP price: $ 435. To see the full specifications with in-depth details click here.. We list only the specs that are different than the main variant. Octa-core, 2000 MHz, Samsung Exynos M1 and ARM Cortex-A53, 64-bit. System chip - Most modern handsets use an advanced chip that includes many of the device’s hardware modules like the processor, Wi-Fi, Bluetooth and sometimes even the wireless radio. This field shows what particular system chip (or System-on-a-Chip) is used in the phone.. Processor - The processor is the main computing component of a phone and is a major factor when it comes to the overall speed of the device. Some more powerful smartphones use dual-core and quad-core processors designed to deliver greater performance.. Built-in storage - Bigger storage capacity allows you to keep more content saved onto your device, such as more applications, photos or video. Games and video content typically take up the biggest amount of storage space.. Despite our efforts to provide full and correct Meizu PRO 6 Plus specifications, there is always a possibility of making a mistake. If you see any wrong or incomplete data, please LET US KNOW .. If you are interested in using our specs commercially, check out our Phone specs database licensing page.. Meizu unveils Pro 6 Plus, goes back to Samsung hardware. Meizu M3X and Meizu Pro 6 Plus both appear on Geekbench. The Samsung Galaxy S9 and S9+ have game-changing cameras with variable aperture and 960fps slow-mo video recording. The Big Barcelona Camera Comparison: iPhone X vs Pixel 2 XL vs Note 8. Samsung Galaxy S9 and S9+ rumor review: Specs, design, features, price and release date. Sony presents Xperia XZ2 and XZ2 Compact: new design and Snapdragon 845. Galaxy S9 Exynos edition gets benchmarked against rivals!. Galaxy S9 first camera comparison vs iPhone X, V30, S8. Samsung Galaxy S9 & S9+ hands-on. MWC 2018: top smartphones to expect. Best smartphone you can buy in 2018. Allo is a quality app, but Google isn't giving it a real chance. All content (phone reviews, news, specs, info), design and layouts are Copyright 2001-2018 phoneArena.com. Reproduction in whole or in part or in any form or medium without written permission is prohibited! Privacy. 
Home Shop MWC News Reviews Features Opinions Videos The Gadgets 360 Show Cell Guru Prime Tech Smartphone Reviews Tech and Gadget Reviews How-To Videos Video Game Reviews and Features Top Lists by Gadgets 360 Unboxing and Hands-On Videos Podcasts Compare Mobiles Phone Finder DEALS. Mobiles Tablets Apps Gaming Cameras PC/Laptops AUDIO/VIDEO How To Telecom Science INDIA INTERNET SOCIAL MEDIA WEARABLES हिंदी. Acer Adcom Alcatel Apple Archos Asus BlackBerry Blu Celkon Coolpad Datawind Fly Gionee HTC Huawei iBall iBerry Idea InFocus Intex iVoomi Jivi Karbonn Lava LeEco Lenovo LG Lyf Maxx Mobile Meizu Micromax Microsoft Motorola MTS Nokia Obi Oppo Panasonic Philips Ringing Bells Samsung Sony Spice Swipe Videocon Vivo Wickedleak Xiaomi Xolo Yu Zen Ziox Zopo ZTE. Home Mobiles Phone Finder Meizu Pro 6 Plus. SPECIFICATIONS USER REVIEWS NEWS. Share on Facebook Tweet Share Share Email Reddit. Meizu Pro 6 Plus smartphone was launched in November 2016. The phone comes with a 5.70-inch touchscreen display with a resolution of 1440 pixels by 2560 pixels. The Meizu Pro 6 Plus is powered by 2GHz octa-core Exynos 8890 processor and it comes with 4GB of RAM. The phone packs 64GB of internal storage that cannot be expanded. As far as the cameras are concerned, the Meizu Pro 6 Plus packs a 12-megapixel primary camera on the rear and a 5-megapixel front shooter for selfies. The Meizu Pro 6 Plus runs Android 6.0 and is powered by a 3400mAh non removable battery. It measures 155.60 x 77.30 x 7.30 (height x width x thickness) and weigh 158.00 grams. The Meizu Pro 6 Plus is a dual SIM. Connectivity options include Wi-Fi, GPS, Bluetooth, NFC and 4G. Sensors on the phone include Proximity sensor, Accelerometer and Ambient light sensor.. Meizu M3X, Pro 6 Plus Smartphones Launched: Specifications, Price, Release Date, and More. More Meizu mobiles Meizu mobiles price in India. Meizu Pro 6 Plus detailed specifications. Release date November 2016 Form factor Touchscreen Dimensions (mm) 155.60 x 77.30 x 7.30 Weight (g) 158.00 Battery capacity (mAh) 3400 Removable battery No Colours Champagne Gold, Sky Grey, Moonlight Silver. Screen size (inches) 5.70 Touchscreen Yes Resolution 1440x2560 pixels. Processor 2GHz octa-core Processor make Exynos 8890 RAM 4GB Internal storage 64GB Expandable storage No. Rear camera 12-megapixel Rear Flash Dual LED Front camera 5-megapixel. Operating System Android 6.0 Skin Flyme OS. Wi-Fi Yes Wi-Fi standards supported 802.11 ac GPS Yes Bluetooth Yes, v 4.10 NFC Yes Infrared No USB OTG No Headphones 3.5mm FM No Number of SIMs 2 SIM 1 3G No 4G/ LTE Yes Supports 4G in India (Band 40) No SIM 2 3G No 4G/ LTE Yes Supports 4G in India (Band 40) No. Compass/ Magnetometer No Proximity sensor Yes Accelerometer Yes Ambient light sensor Yes Gyroscope No Barometer No Temperature sensor No. Error or missing information? Please let us know. User ratings and reviews for Meizu Pro 6 Plus. 0 Out of 5. 5 Star 4 Star 3 Star 2 Star 1 Star. Meizu M3X, Pro 6 Plus Smartphones Launched: Specifications, Price, Release Date, and More. Meizu M6s Meizu M6 Meizu M6 Note Meizu Pro 7 Plus Meizu Pro 7 Meizu A5 Meizu M5c Meizu E2 Meizu M5s Meizu M5 Note Meizu M3X Meizu Pro 6s Meizu M5 Meizu M3 Max Meizu U20 Meizu U10 Meizu M3E Meizu MX6 Meizu m3s Meizu m3 Meizu Pro 6 Meizu m3 note Meizu MX5e Meizu Pro 5 Ubuntu Edition Meizu metal Meizu Pro 5 Meizu m2 Meizu MX5 Meizu MX4 Ubuntu Edition. Asus Zenfone 3s Max vs. Meizu Pro 6 Plus vs. Xiaomi Redmi Note 4 Meizu Pro 6 Plus vs. Meizu Pro 6 Meizu Pro 6 Plus vs. Samsung Galaxy Note7 Meizu Pro 6 Plus vs. Samsung Galaxy Note 4 Meizu Pro 6 Plus vs. Meizu M3x Meizu Pro 6 Plus vs. Huawei Honor 6x Meizu Pro 6 Plus vs. Apple iPhone 7 Plus Meizu Pro 6 Plus vs. Asus Zenfone 3 Ultra Zu680kl Meizu Pro 6 Plus vs. Xiaomi Redmi 3s Plus Meizu Pro 6 Plus vs. Nokia 7 Plus Is an Android One Phone With Dual Rear Cameras, Zeiss Optics Samsung Galaxy S9, Galaxy S9+ With Improved Cameras, AR Emoji Launched Samsung Galaxy S9, Galaxy S9+ Pre-Orders Now Open in India Nokia 8110 4G Is a 'Slider' Feature Phone With Google, Facebook Apps Nokia 7 Plus vs Nokia 7 This Is When the New Nokia Phones Will Launch in India Sony Unveils Xperia Ear Duo to Answer Apple AirPods, Samsung Gear IconX OnePlus 5, OnePlus 5T HD Content Streaming Issue Fixed, With a Catch Vodafone to Offer 4.5GB Data Per Day for 28 Days at Rs. 799: Report Sony Xperia XZ2, Xperia XZ2 Compact With 18:9 Displays Launched at MWC. Samsung phones price list Lyf phones price list Micromax phones price list Sony phones price list Htc phones price list Lenovo phones price list Intex phones price list Lava phones price list Apple phones price list Nokia phones price list Xolo phones price list Lg phones price list Vivo phones price list Oppo phones price list Gionee phones price list Motorola phones price list Blackberry phones price list Xiaomi phones price list. Sitemaps Archives Advertise About Us Feedback Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions Complaint Redressal Careers Contact Us RSS Ethics Meizu Pro 6 Plus in Hindi. © Copyright Red Pixels Ventures Limited 2018. Subject Comments. 
Meizu Pro 6 Plus: The cheaper, less explosive alternative to the Galaxy Note 7. SHOULD I BUY MEIZU PRO 6 PLUS?. The cheaper and less explosive Chinese alternative to the Galaxy Note 7, we review Meizu’s Pro 6 Plus. Meizu hopes to do as OnePlus has done in the flagship Android phone space with its £399 Pro 6 Plus. 5.7in WQHD (2560x1440, 518ppi) Super AMOLED display, 3-600cd/m2 brightness, 10,000:1 contrast, 103% NTSC colour gamut, always-on display. Flyme OS 5.2.7 out of the box but upgradable to Flyme OS 6 (based on Android Marshmallow). Mali-T880 MP10 GPU (MP12 in 128GB model). Price comparison from over 24,000 stores worldwide View more prices. Meizu Pro 6 Plus design and build. Meizu Pro 6 Plus core hardware and performance. Meizu Pro 6 Plus connectivity and extra features. You’ll have noticed a number of Chinese phones pass through the doors of our Test Centre these days. Quite simply, that’s because they rival UK-sold smartphones on design and features, but come at a much lower price. The Meizu Pro 6 Plus is one of the more expensive examples to come to our attention, available from Geekbuying at £399.05 ($512.99/471.75€), but it’s also one of the most powerful. Also see: Best Chinese phones 2017. Consider that this price puts it on par with the OnePlus 3T , a highly soughtafter, incredibly powerful flagship Android phone (for now - the OnePlus 5 is due any day) that also costs £399. Now consider that in place of the OnePlus 3T’s 5.5in full-HD screen you get a 5.7in Quad-HD panel, and a design reminiscent of the iPhone 6s Plus. Performance is very good from the Exynos 8890 chip and 4GB of DDR4 RAM (that’s the same setup as in the Galaxy S7 ), if not as exemplary as that of the OnePlus 3T.. However, before you rush off and buy the Meizu Pro 6 Plus over the OnePlus 3T, there are a couple of other considerations you need to be aware of. First, the OnePlus 3T is sold direct from the company or via major mobile operators such as O2 , which means help is easily at hand should anything go wrong. By comparison the Meizu Pro 6 Plus is sold by Geekbuying , a Chinese importer through which support will be less readily available (it’s also available direct from Meizu , but only if you live in China). Though we’ve never personally had an issue dealing with Geekbuying, you should know that your rights are different when purchasing from China than they are the UK and Europe.. Second, because you’ll be importing this phone from China you’ll legally be responsible for paying VAT duty. Of course some parcels get through Customs without a whisper of a fine, and others get around exorbitant costs by lowering the value on the shipping paperwork (your fee is calculated at 20 percent of this value plus an admin fee of around £11), but if you are asked to pay import duty you do have to do so. Naturally this will raise the overall cost of the phone, so it’s worth factoring into your budget. You can read more about the risks associated with buying Chinese tech in our article on the pros and cons of purchasing grey-market tech .. It’s also worth pointing out that the other UK-sold phone we mentioned there - last year’s category-leading Galaxy S7 - can now be bought SIM-free from Amazon for just a little over £400. And while you might choose the Meizu over the OnePlus 3T, you certainly wouldn’t the Samsung Galaxy S7.. You'll also like: Best big-screen phones 2017. Meizu has built the Pro 6 Plus to a high standard, with a metal unibody design (available in gold, as seen here, grey or silver) and a clean white fascia that will ring familiar with iPhone 6s Plus users. It’s not a carbon copy of the iPhone, with a rectangular rather than circular front-facing home button and some other little tweaks, but you can easily see the similarities, right down to the top- and bottom antenna lines and Designed by Meizu logo on the rear.. One of those tweaks can be found at the back, right about where you might expect to see an Apple logo, and it’s something that marks a first for us in phone reviews: a 10-LED flash ring that sits below a centrally located 12Mp camera. It looks and, on paper, sounds cool, but in practise isn’t any more adept at low-light photography than some dual-LED flashes we’ve tried.. The camera itself juts out of the chassis only a small amount, which pleasingly stops the handset rocking on a flat surface and also detracting from the overall design. Also see: Best Android phones 2017. A single speaker grille is found on the bottom edge of the handset, alongside a fast USB-C 3.1 port and a 3.5mm headphone jack. On the right edge you’ll find a volume rocker and power button, and on the left a pin-operated dual-SIM tray. So, everything is pretty much where you’d expect to find it.. That is until you go to actually use the phone, and that’s when you realise Meizu has implemented a horrible button setup akin to that of the iPhone. (And that’s not the only iPhone-esque change when it comes to usability, because there’s also no app tray to be found.). Rather than finding physical or, more often these days, capacitive buttons for home, back and multitasking, the Meizu Pro 6 Plus has just one central button. It’s well done and looks good, with a gold trim and a flush design, but it’s a nightmare to get your head around.. You tap it to go back, or press to go home. To access multitasking you swipe up from the bottom edge of the screen either side of the home button - something we found out entirely by accident.. Also integrated to this home button is a fast and responsive mTouch fingerprint scanner, which admittedly works very well.. For a device with a large 5.7in screen the Meizu is very comfortable to hold in a single hand, and it’s not overly heavy at just 158g. This ergonomic design is achieved through a slim 7.3mm chassis that is slightly rounded at the edges, as well as slim screen bezels to the left and right, together reducing the distance your finger might ever need to stretch across the display.. The display itself is a good one, and one of few Quad-HD panels we’ve seen in Chinese phones. This is a Super AMOLED panel, which is our favourite kind of screen tech, with punchy, vibrant colours and rich and proper blacks. Brightness and overall quality isn’t as high as you’d find on Samsung’s Quad-HD phones, but it’s certainly difficult to fault.. That said, Meizu doesn’t specify whether any protective glass is in use here, and being a Chinese phone you will likely find it more difficult to source a protective case. Also see: Best mid-range phones 2017. Another similarity with Samsung phones is the implementation of an Always-on display. When activated (it’s off by default), you’ll be able to see at a glance what is the time, date and remaining battery capacity simply by looking at the screen. The feature uses a tiny amount of battery power, and should actually reduce the amount of power you use overall as you aren’t constantly waking the screen to check the time.. Of course, battery life isn’t really something you need to worry about with the Pro 6 Plus, since its 3,400mAh battery should easily last you two days of use. It doesn’t support wireless charging like Samsung’s rival, but it does seemingly just keep on going. (And you can always use a power bank if you need more.). One thing we’d like to see in the Meizu Pro 6 Plus’ follow-up is waterproofing protection , which is beginning to make its way on to the UK smartphone market but less so in China.. We mentioned earlier that the Meizu Pro 6 Plus has the same core hardware setup as the Galaxy S7, and that really is impressive for a phone at this price point - so far it’s something only OnePlus has managed to achieve in the UK mainstream mobile phone market. Also see: What's the fastest phone?. Its performance in our benchmarks was lower than both those phones, yet still evident of an extremely capable device. We found operation smooth and fluid. It’s worth pointing out that benchmark scores can fluctuate from one minute to the next, and that they can be easily gamed (pointing no fingers here). Plus the OnePlus 3T benefits from an extra couple of gigs of RAM.. Leading the show here is one of Samsung’s own Exynos 8890 processors, an octa-core chip with four Cortex-A53 cores running at 2GHz and four at 1.6GHz. You should note that if you buy the 128GB storage model (our review model came with 64GB of fast UFS 2.0 storage, but no possibility of expansion through microSD) these cores are clocked higher at 2.3- and 1.6GHz respectively.. Integrated to this processor is the ARM Mali-T880 MP10 GPU (MP12 in the 128GB model), which is paired with 4GB of LPDDR4 memory.. You can see the results of our benchmarks in comparison to the Galaxy S7 and OnePlus 3T in the graph below.. Meizu Pro 6 Plus review continues on the next page >>. An advantage the Meizu Pro 6 Plus has over both the aforementioned rival phones is dual-SIM operation. This works in dual-standby mode, which in essence means both SIMs can send and receive calls and text messages at once but only one can be specified for data usage. If you have separate contracts for work and play, or home and abroad, this could be very useful.. But while we’re on the subject of connectivity, you should note that the Meizu does not support the 800MHz 4G connectivity band. There are three 4G bands in use in the UK - 800MHz, 2100MHz and 2600MHz - of which it supports only the latter two.. All the UK’s major mobile networks have bandwidth in the 800MHz space, but only O2 (and providers that piggyback its network, such as Sky Mobile and Giffgaff) rely on it for 4G coverage. Should you subscribe to one of these networks you will not be able to access 4G; if you’re on a different network then depending where you are you may find your coverage is a bit more patchy. Also see: How to tell whether a phone is supported by your network .. Most other connectivity bases are covered, with support for dual-band 802.11ac Wi-Fi, Bluetooth 4.1 LE, GPS and GLONASS, and NFC.. The other thing missing here is microSD support for storage expansion, though even the lower 64GB model offers a generous amount of space for your apps, media and other files. Also see: How to add storage to Android. The mTouch fingerprint scanner works well, though is said to also build in a heart-rate scanner. This is not currently available on the international model, though a software update may change this. Either way, we’ve found the inclusion of heart-rate scanners on rival phones such as the Galaxy S7 somewhat gimmicky.. For photography the Meizu Pro 6 Plus is pretty hot, though perhaps not as much as you might be expecting given that fancy 10-LED flash ring, six-piece lens, 12Mp, f/2.0 sensor and four-axis OIS. In most situations we found very pleasing, natural results with a good amount of detail and colour, and we liked the toned-down but accurate effect of HDR mode.. Detail is very good on the whole but noise isn’t completely out of the picture, especially in low-light. In such situations the Meizu can also have difficulty focusing, despite its laser autofocus and PDAF.. To accompany the main Sony IMX386 camera is an app that offers both Auto and Manual modes, plus real-time filters. You can also switch to 4K or Slow-mo video recording and a six-second GIF-creation mode. Also see: Best phone cameras 2017. Turn around the camera to access the 5Mp, f/2.0 selfie shooter and many of the same modes, including a beauty mode.. Check out a couple of our test images below, taken in Auto and HDR modes respectively.. Software is, unfortunately, one of the drawbacks for the Meizu Pro 6 Plus - at least for UK users. Google Play is not preinstalled and neither are any Google apps. That’s quite a big deal in the UK.. There’s an easy workaround, though, and if you’re not prompted via a notification to install Google services as we were you can find the Google Installer in the Hot Apps store on the home screen. But we’d imagine this whole process could be unnerving for a less-techie Android user.. As we mentioned in the build and design section, we’re really not keen on the single button mode of operation for accessing both home and back functions, and the way you access the multitasking menu is not especially user-friendly. Also see: Best phones 2017. The app shortcuts sprawled all over the home screen rather than tucked out of sight in an app tray is something we’re starting to feel more comfortable having spent some time with Xiaomi phones, which also favour this approach. You can tidy things up by dragging things into folders, but it’s just not Android as it was intended.. Flyme OS 5.2.7 is preinstalled on the phone, but an upgrade to Flyme OS 6 is promised. It builds in a feature called 3D Press, which should enable you to preview contents, display shortcuts or perform an operation by applying a different amount of pressure to the screen, though even enabled we had difficulty trying to get it to do anything.. onscreen a SmartTouch button, which can be used as a back button or to switch between tasks, return to the home screen on open the notification bar. The screen isn’t really large enough to require it, but it’s a part of the OS.. The Meizu also supports gestures in standby mode, allowing you to draw onscreen various letters or patterns to wake and load an app of your choice.. The notification bar is also a little different. Pull this down to access customisable quick-access toggles for Wi-Fi, Bluetooth and so on, plus a screen brightness slider.. We also downloaded the open beta of Flyme OS 6.7.3 on the Meizu Pro 6 Plus, and found several new features. Some of our favourites include Time Machine, which lets you retrieve data that has accidentally been deleted, as well as the new lock, secret and split-view controls for multitasking and new ability for taking extended screenshots. Also see: How to back up Android. If you’re the secretive type you’ll also like the new Privacy mode, which allows you to secretly store contacts, apps, photos, videos and files. These can be accessed by entering a different PIN code from the lock screen.. Other tweaks include some UI changes, with the Meizu Pro 6 Plus offering smart notifications - those considered to be of less importance are tucked away in a storage box icon at the top right corner of the drop-down notification bar.. And Meizu has tweaked some multimedia controls with a new intelligent facial beautification algorithm for the zero-delay camera, as well as new editing tools in the Gallery app for video.. Read next: Best new phones coming in 2017. 5.7in WQHD (2560x1440, 518ppi) Super AMOLED display, 3-600cd/m2 brightness, 10,000:1 contrast, 103% NTSC colour gamut, always-on display. Flyme OS 5.2.7 out of the box but upgradable to Flyme OS 6 (based on Android Marshmallow). Mali-T880 MP10 GPU (MP12 in 128GB model). 12Mp Sony IMX386 camera, 6P lens. 1.25um pixels, 10-LED ring flash, f/2.0 aperture, four-axis optical image stabilisation, laser focus, PDAF. 5Mp f/2.0 selfie camera, 5P lens. ESS ES9018K2M + AD45275 hi-fi audio chips. 5.7in WQHD (2560x1440, 518ppi) Super AMOLED display, 3-600cd/m2 brightness, 10,000:1 contrast, 103% NTSC colour gamut, always-on display. Flyme OS 5.2.7 out of the box but upgradable to Flyme OS 6 (based on Android Marshmallow). Mali-T880 MP10 GPU (MP12 in 128GB model). 12Mp Sony IMX386 camera, 6P lens. 1.25um pixels, 10-LED ring flash, f/2.0 aperture, four-axis optical image stabilisation, laser focus, PDAF. 5Mp f/2.0 selfie camera, 5P lens. ESS ES9018K2M + AD45275 hi-fi audio chips. Running Flyme OS 5 out of the box, the well-built Meizu Pro 6 Plus is a fantastic Android phone with some seriously good performance, a vibrant and high-resolution screen and a decent camera. Unfortunately, though cheaper than UK flagships, at £399 (before import duty) it’s still too pricey to properly compete with the Galaxy S7 and OnePlus 3T. Neither are we in love with Flyme OS.. Price comparison from over 24,000 stores worldwide View more prices. I saw this on Tech Advisor and thought you should see it too.. Dell XPS 13 9370 (2018) review. The art of 'British' pulp fiction. TV & streaming : comment regarder le Tournoi des Six Nations 2018 ?. UK Tech Weekly Podcast: Soundcloud / iTunes. 
I cover consumer tech in Asia. Opinions expressed by Forbes Contributors are their own.. When it comes to hardware design language, non-Apple/-Samsung phones. be all over the place, even within the same product line. One model of a phone may use onscreen soft buttons, the next. one may have hard physical buttons. One year's phone may be made of metal with fingerprint sensor on the back, the next it might be leather with a front scanner. Meizu, on the other hand, has stuck with the same design language over at least a half dozen phones released in the past two to three years. The result has been mostly good -- Meizu's phones are very nicely built metal unibody devices with a sturdy oval all-in-one home button that doubles as a fast fingerprint sensor. But they mostly all look the same, with only internal specs and display sizes as the differentiating factor. This wouldn't be much of a problem if Meizu puts out two phones a year. But no, the Zhuhai-based company pumped out more than a dozen phones in 2016 alone. Even a diehard tech geek like myself was beginning to get confused.. But Meizu's latest, the Pro 6 Plus, stands out quite a bit from the company's previous offerings. Not physically -- it looks mostly like a smaller version of the Meizu M3 Max ( which I reviewed ) -- but its internals have undoubtedly taken a big leap forward. That's because while previous Meizu phones used the capable, but not industry-leading Mediatek chips, the Pro 6 Plus uses Samsung's Exynos 8890 processor. on the European/Asia variant of the S7/Note 7, which most agree is superior to Qualcomm's Snapdragon 820). I've used like 20 phones this year, and in my book, the Exynos 8890 is the second best chip on the market behind Huawei's Kirin 960 (with the Snapdragon 820/821 coming in third).. The performance boost here can be felt within the first half hour of use. Everything snaps open, and switching between apps is a breeze. That coupled with the quad HD AMOLED display (another jump, as previous Meizu phones mostly used 1080p LCD panels) give this phone a decidedly more premium feel than not just other Meizu phones, but most phones. at this price point ($2,999 yuan/US$430).. The Pro 6 Plus scored a 112,795 on Antutu (left), which is among the highest of all phones released this year; the phone uses USB-C with Meizu's own fast charge technology that supports up to 24-watt charge (middle); the device scored a 1,469 and 3,471 on Geekbench's single- and multi-core tests.. I've used this phone on and off as my daily driver (along with the Huawei Mate 9 Pro), for three weeks, including taking it with me on my trip to visit LG headquarters in Seou l, and it's hard for me to find much wrong with this phone. I personally don't find it as "sexy" a device as, say, the curved Vivo Xplay 6. or bezel-less Xiaomi Mi Mix, but Meizu's phones just work at a level that other Chinese phones do not out of the box. Google installs without problems, for example (not the case with Oppo's phones, which rejects Google Play Services); my notifications come through in real time without setting aside 10 minutes to tweak settings (like I would have to on a Xiaomi or Huawei device). And of course, I've written before about my fondness for Meizu's Flyme software, with a clean interface and tons of customization options like being able to launch apps. directly from a sleeping state by drawing an alphabet on the display.. Another power play on the Pro 6 Plus is the inclusion of an ES9018K2M 32-bit audio DAC (digital-to-analog-converter) from ESS Technology. I'm no audiophile, but my lossless rip of Radiohead's Kid A. is comes out noticeably "deeper" on the Pro 6 Plus than on the Samsung Galaxy S7 Edge or the Huawei Mate 9 Pro. Putting the Pro 6 Plus' audio capabilities side-by-side with the LG V20 (another phone with audiophile aspirations), it comes down to preference. The V20 has deeper bass and additional support for. DSD (Direct Stream Digital) files, but the Pro 6 Plus' audio player offers gain and line controls for some amateur mixing.. Elsewhere, the Pro 6 Plus will be the first Meizu phone to run its newest Flyme 6 operating system (however, my review unit still has the older Flyme 5. the company says brings more than 400 new features, chief among them is a new artificial intelligence engine dubbed "One Mind." Meizu says it can learn your phone using habits and. adjust system performance according to user preference (so for example, if. you regularly open Spotify every morning to stream music on your ride to work, the Pro 6 Plus can supposedly pick up on this and launch the app faster at that time). "Machine Learning Algorithm" on the Mate 9, this AI-assisted boost can't be tested during the first week (or even first month) of use, so I'll have to come back and examine if the Pro 6 Plus is indeed operating "more smoothly" as time goes on. Though the phone with 4GB of RAM and the aforementioned Samsung chip, is already as smooth as anyone would ever want.. The 5.7-inch quad HD AMOLED display is brilliant to look at, with vibrant colors on par with the top-tier displays, and superbly crafted -- the display has a slight 2.5D curve towards the chamfered edges of the phone. I've written previously about the near flawless hardware craftmanship on Meizu's phone (notable, considering how cheap Meizu's phones are compared to other brands), and the Pro 6 Plus is no exception -- after all, these phones do look mostly the same.. Next up: photo samples, additional features, etc. 
Select the department you want to search in. Sign in Account & Lists Sign in Account & Lists Orders Try Prime Cart. Your Amazon.com Today's Deals Gift Cards Registry Sell Help Disability Customer Support. TriLink USB C to Micro USB Adapter 3 Pack[Anti-lost Keychain]Type C Convert for Samsung Galaxy S8 Plus, Moto Z Force, LG G5 G6 V20, Nexus 5X 6P, HTC 950, OnePlus 2 3 3T, Google Pixel and More(Black). Review4U (Dallas, TX USA). This adaptor works where others didnt. Fits snug and doesnt fall out. Meagoes USB Type C Car Charger with 1-Pack USB-C to USB-C Cable (3ft) for Samsung Galaxy S8/S8+, Apple MacBook 12", Nokia N1, Nexus 5X 6P, Lumia 950/950XL, and More USB Type-C Devices[Space Gray]. Available from these sellers .. This product is awesome and charges the phone fast.. Arctek 33W Dual USB Car Charger with QC 3.0 and Built-In USB-C 5V/3A Cable for LG G6, V20, Google Pixel, Pixel XL, 6P, 5X, Moto Z Force, Silver. Charges my nexus 6p rapidly and still allows for my other car passengers to charge their old style USB phones too. USB Type C Cable 2 Pack 6.6Ft, FanTEK USB C to USB A 3.0 Male to Male Data and Charging Core for Google Pixel, HTC 10/U11/Bolt, OnePlus 5/2, Dell Xps 15, ZTE Grand X 3/4, Huawei P9/P10, Black. Kingox 2A Fast charging Portable USB 4 in 1 Multi Charger Type-C Cable for Iphone 5 6 7 HUAWEI P8 P9 G9 HTC10 Galaxy S8 Note 7 Xperia XZ etc(Light green). Available from these sellers .. "The cord tangles up easily in the coil area" - By. The cord tangles up easily in the coil area, but otherwise it works great. I really like the multiple adapters all in one place.. Type C Wireless Charging Receiver, CHGeek USB-C Qi Receiver Module Patch Wireless Charger Film for LG G5,V20, ZTE Axon 7, Pixel 5'', Nexus 5X,6P, HTC 10,OP3,OP2,Huawei P9(NOT block fingerprint sensor). Available from these sellers .. I am using this with my v20. I have trimed the top for better access to the rear button. Also I am using it with my spigen case without any problems. Although this is not made for the v20 it works great. It would be perfect if the ribbon was shorter in length.. USB Type C Cable for OnePlus 3, Nexus 5X, Nexus 6P, Lumia 950, LG G5, HTC 10, Pixel Fast Charge USB 3.1 Type C to USB 3.0 Type A Male. Fully Compliant By Boot Remedy (1M Type C - Type A). Available from these sellers .. "I will say that it is very nicely constructed, and seems like it will last for ..." - By. Mihir Joshi (Ellicott City, Maryland United States). I don't really know what to say -- It's a cable, and it works with my OnePlus 3 for Android Auto in my 2016 Honda Civic EX-T as you'd expect. I will say that it is very nicely constructed, and seems like it will last for a long time. I don't know how well it works at USB 3/0/3.1 speeds, since the OnePlus 3 is my only Type-C device, and it's 2.0 only. If I had to find a complaint, it would be that the connectors are a little thick. It's not a problem for me, but if you've got a case that's really conservative with how much of your device it leaves exposed, then it might be an issue. The thickness of the connectors does add to the solid feeling though, so I'm really picking at straws to find a con.. USB C Cable | 6ft Sturdy Braided Cable | Rapid Charge 2.4 Amps | High Transfer Speed | 56k Resistor | USB Fast Charge | 6.6ft Type-C to Type-A | Nylon Braided Jacket (Grey). Available from these sellers .. The product is just as advertised. Cheapest price I've found on Amazon for the new USB C to A for a 6 ft braided cable!. USB C Charger Dock Station, FanTEK Charging Desktop for OnePlus 5, Microsoft Lumia 950 XL, Samsung Galaxy S8, LG G5, HTC 10, Google Pixel XL, Motorola Moto Z Play / Force / Droid (Black). Sharkbite (Middle of Kansas, United States). Great product, fits my phone perfectly, no more hunting for charging cables.. Quick Charge 2.0 + Type C Car Charger, BlitzWolf 33W 3A USB-C and Qualcomm QC2.0 5V/9V/12V USB Charger for Samsung Galaxy S6 Edge, Sony Xperia, Google Chromebook Pixel, Nexus 6P 5X, HTC, LG (Grey). Available from these sellers .. William Howe (warner robins, ga). Great car charger.....charges my Nexus 6P rapidly. Look for similar items by category. Cell Phones & Accessories > Accessories. Cell Phones & Accessories > Accessories > Chargers & Power Adapters > Car Chargers. There's a problem loading this menu right now.. Get fast, free shipping with Amazon Prime. Prime members enjoy FREE Two-Day Shipping and exclusive access to music, movies, TV shows, original audio series, and Kindle books.. Careers About Amazon Investor Relations Amazon Devices. Sell on Amazon Sell Your Services on Amazon Sell on Amazon Business Sell Your Apps on Amazon Become an Affiliate Advertise Your Products Self-Publish with Us › See all. Amazon Rewards Visa Signature Cards Amazon.com Store Card Amazon.com Corporate Credit Line Shop with Points Credit Card Marketplace Reload Your Balance Amazon Currency Converter. Your Account Your Orders Shipping Rates & Policies Amazon Prime Returns & Replacements Manage Your Content and Devices Amazon Assistant Help. Amazon Music Stream millions of songs. Amazon Drive Cloud storage from Amazon. 6pm Score deals on fashion brands. AbeBooks Books, art & collectibles. ACX Audiobook Publishing Made Easy. Alexa Actionable Analytics for the Web. Amazon Business Everything For Your Business. AmazonFresh Groceries & More Right To Your Door. AmazonGlobal Ship Orders Internationally. Home Services Handpicked Pros Happiness Guarantee. Amazon Inspire Digital Educational Resources. Amazon Rapids Fun stories for kids on the go. Amazon Restaurants Food delivery from local restaurants. Amazon Video Direct Video Distribution Made Easy. Amazon Web Services Scalable Cloud Computing Services. Audible Download Audio Books. AudiobookStand Discount Audiobooks on Disc. Book Depository Books With Free Delivery Worldwide. Box Office Mojo Find Movie Box Office Data. ComiXology Thousands of Digital Comics. CreateSpace Indie Print Publishing Made Easy. DPReview Digital Photography. East Dane Designer Men's Fashion. Fabric Sewing, Quilting & Knitting. Goodreads Book reviews & recommendations. IMDb Movies, TV & Celebrities. IMDbPro Get Info Entertainment Professionals Need. Junglee.com Shop Online in India. Kindle Direct Publishing Indie Digital Publishing Made Easy. Prime Now FREE 2-Hour Delivery on Everyday Items. Prime Photos Unlimited Photo Storage Free With Prime. Shopbop Designer Fashion Brands. TenMarks.com Math Activities for Kids & Schools. Warehouse Deals Open-Box Discounts. Whole Foods Market America’s Healthiest Grocery Store. Withoutabox Submit to Film Festivals. Woot! Deals and Shenanigans. Zappos Shoes & Clothing. Souq.com Shop Online in the Middle East. Subscribe with Amazon Discover & try subscription services. Conditions of Use Privacy Notice Interest-Based Ads © 1996-2018, Amazon.com, Inc. 
This web site uses cookies to improve your experience. By viewing our content, you are accepting the use of cookies. To find out more and change your cookie settings, please. Newsletters All Writers Log In to ZDNET Join ZDNet About ZDNet Preferences Community Newsletters Log Out. Hands on review of the Meizu Pro 6 Plus Android phone. | February 21, 2017 -- 15:34 GMT (23:34 GMT+08:00). The Meizu Pro 6 Plus is aimed at the high end professional or business user. The phone is packed in a hard plastic case which is much larger than boxes for other phones. The packaging is much more sturdy and is a better quality compared to cheaper devices.. The USB-C cord is coiled with useful cable grips to stop the cable tangling when not in use.. The cable supports data transmission with a bandwidth up to 5Gbps.. The USB cable also supports 24W fast charging and has protection against short circuit incidents.. There is also a compact USB wall charger in the box.. The phone battery has a capacity of 3400mAh with a lifespan, according to Meizu, of over 900 charging cycles.. Like other Meizu phones I have reviewed, the device is available in four colours: Champagne, Gold, Grey, and Silver. It feels solid and well built in the hand.. The phone has a 5.7 inch Quad HD display, and is slightly larger than the Meizu M5 Note device I reviewed last month. It has 'always-on-display' technology and four-axis optical image stabilisation. It has a nice crisp screen display.. Its dimensions are 155.6mm x 77.3mm x 7.3mm and it weighs 158g - a similar weight to the M5 Note.. Meizu say that the 2560x1440 display resolution, exceeds the 2K standard and "most of" the mainstream desktop displays.. Behind the screen there is an Exynos 8890 processor built on a 14nm FinFET process, and Samsung M1 architecture. This is a departure from the Helio P10 octa-core processor inside the M5 Note and M3 Max. It has 64 or 128Gb UFS 2.0 internal storage.. Four Exynos M1 2.0GHz ARM Cortex-A53's at 1.5GHz run on the 64GB version, with four Exynos M1 2.3GHz ARM Cortex-A53's at 1.6GHz run on the 128GB version of the device.. An improvement to the M5 Note, the phone also has 4GB LPDDR4 (Low Power Double Data Rate) RAM.. This Android smartphone runs the Flyme 6 OS - an upgrade from the Flyme 5 OS on the M5 Note and M3 Max. Nice touches on this phone are the heart rate sensor, missing from the M5 Note, and the infrared proximity sensor. The reworked phone finding assistant is useful.. There is a 12 megapixel, ƒ/2.0 large aperture, Sony IMX 386 sensor, and 6 element lens rear camera and a 5 megapixel ƒ/2.0 aperture 5-element lens front facing camera.. Like the M5 Note and M3 Max, the device has an ArcSoft beautification algorithm and Face AE smart facial brightness adjustment. You can make your eyes larger, slim your face or brighten your skin before taking the image.. I really liked the improved Hi-Fi on this model. The phone is much louder than then M5 Note. Meizu have incorporated the ES9018K2M 32-bit audio DAC solution, and the AD45275 energy efficient audio amplifier.. The sound is clear, and loud whether using the inbuilt speaker or the 2nd generation Solo earphone circuit. Although there is a space for earphones in the box - they are not included.. Access to the device is through a keypad, or a finger print sensor which remembers five fingerprints. Like the M5 Note, there is also guest access to the phone which can be enabled if required.. I noticed that I could run more apps simultaneously on this phone compared to the M5 Note. Meizu say that Flyme 6 OS has a One Mind artificial intelligence engine. This engine can adjust system performance according to user preference.. It says that the engine can identify users' favourite apps and designate extra resources to make the apps run more smoothly. I did not see any app hogging the memory during my testing.. According to the statistics from IC Insights, Meizu is the world's 11th largest mobile phone manufacturer in terms of unit sales.. The quality, and improvement of each device I have reviewed so far tell me that Meizu is set to capture more market share with each model release.. If you want a top end phone with all of the features, performance and smooth looks, then this Pro 6 Plus could meet your every need.. Kick off your day with ZDNet's daily email newsletter. It's the freshest tech news and opinion, served hot. Fujitsu Lifebook E558 review: Configurable and well-connected. Honor 9 Lite review: Leader of the affordable Android pack. Apple iMac Pro (late 2017) review: An AIO for the Pro crowd. Apple HomePod review: Leaves a stain but not a strong impression. Please review our terms of service to complete your newsletter subscription. By registering you become a member of the CBS Interactive family of sites and you have read and agree to the Terms of Use , Privacy Policy and Video Services Policy. You agree to receive updates, alerts and promotions from CBS and that CBS may share information about you with our marketing partners so that they may contact you by email or otherwise about their products or services.. You will also receive a complimentary subscription to the ZDNet's Tech Update Today and ZDNet Announcement newsletters. You may unsubscribe from these newsletters at any time.. You have been successfully signed up. To sign up for more newsletters or to manage your account, visit the Newsletter Subscription Center .. Privacy Policy | Cookies | Ad Choice | Advertise | Terms of Use | Mobile User Agreement. Select Site CBS Cares CBS Films CBS Radio CBS.com CBSInteractive CBSNews.com CBSSports.com Chowhound CNET College Networks GameSpot Last.fm MaxPreps Metacritic.com Moneywatch mySimon Radio.com Search.com Shopper.com Showtime TechRepublic The Insider TV.com UrbanBaby.com ZDNet. Manage | Log Out. 
Meizu Pro 6 Plus: When the best you can do still isn’t quite good enough. It’s the best Meizu phone we’ve used, but you can get several better phones for the same price or less.. It’s the best Meizu phone we’ve used, but you can get several better phones for the same price or less.. It’s the best Meizu phone we’ve used, but you can get several better phones for the same price or less.. No 4G LTE in the U.S.. It looks just like an iPhone. Sharp screen and very outdated software. A decent camera, but no stunner. Phone Reviews Product Reviews. The Pro 6 Plus is Meizu’s range-topping, flagship smartphone. It’s the one that’s supposed to beat them all, and the one to buy if you’re after the best of the best when it comes to Meizu phones. But the real questions remain: Is the Pro 6 Plus all it’s cracked up to be, and can it beat the tough competition?. At this point, it’s rather tempting to just reuse the intro to our Meizu Pro 6. Why? Because Meizu seems determined to make it really hard to visually differentiate between all three. However, we’ve been taught not to judge a book by its cover. The Pro 6 Plus may look like other Meizu phones, but does it act like them, too? We’ve been finding out.. To the untrained eye, picking out the Pro 6 Plus in a lineup alongside the Pro 6 and the MX6 is quite a challenge. Put the iPhone 7 and the 7 Plus alongside each other, and it’s pretty obvious which is which. Not so with these three, as although the sizes are different — the Pro 6 has a 5.2-inch screen, the MX6 a 5.5-inch, and the Pro 6 Plus a massive 5.7-inch screen — the design is very, very similar.. That means not only does it stick closely to the iPhone’s basic look, with curved antenna bands running across the very top and bottom of the anodized aluminum back, but it also has the same problem as the MX6 — it’s a slippery thing. Its extra weight does make it a little more holdable than the MX6, but the Pro 6 Plus still slipped out of my hand more than once.. Slips never resulted in any damage, but the smartphone did manage to pick up a nasty scratch solely from being in my bag, raising questions over the durability of the anodized coating.. It’s not all bad news, though. Meizu worked some real magic to make the Pro 6 Plus an astonishingly compact device, despite the large screen size. Its footprint is actually smaller than the iPhone 7 Plus, which has a 5.5-inch screen. A stadium-shaped fingerprint sensor is set just below the screen, but don’t go looking for any other physical or software Android buttons, because they’re not there. Flip the phone over and the camera lens is mounted inside an oversize hump, above a large, circular, dual-tone flash unit.. We’ve never had any complaints about how Meizu phones look, outside of being a little derivative. It’s the same story with the Pro 6 Plus. Yes, it repeatedly gets mistaken for an iPhone, but that’s a bit like getting personally mistaken for your choice of attractive celebrity. No one’s going to be upset about it.. Want the first reason to choose the Pro 6 Plus over any other Meizu phone? It’s the screen. The resolution is 2,560 x 1,440 pixels, and they’re all shown on a Super AMOLED panel. This means dark blacks and high-contrast colors, and it looks brilliant. The Pro 6 Plus has Android 6.0.1 installed with Meizu’s Flyme 5.2 installed over the top. Flyme is a pretty user interface, and Meizu’s minimalist icons look superb on the Pro 6 Plus’s beautiful screen.. Meizu worked some real magic to make the Pro 6 Plus an astonishingly compact device.. Meizu has also added a pressure sensitive layer — which it calls 3D Press — to Flyme and the Pro 6 Plus, giving standard apps little pop-out menus, just like iOS on the iPhone. Hard press the camera icon and you get a choice of shortcuts to video or selfie mode, while the Meizu browser icon gives several choices, including opening a new tab or a bookmark. Most of Meizu’s apps have some kind of shortcut, but third-party apps don’t support the feature.. This does cut down on its usefulness. We love how 3D Touch on iOS integrates with other apps, such as a one-touch shortcut to the activity page on Instagram. Meizu’s shortcuts sometimes won’t save you much more time either. The Music app shortcut, for example, only takes a two-tap action down to one-tap.. Flyme is also very different to standard Android in the way it deals with the menu and back buttons — there aren’t any. Swipe up the home screen to show open apps, and tap the fingerprint sensor to go back. Press it all the way down to leave an app or menu and return to the home screen. It can be a little jarring, particularly if you’re coming to a Meizu phone from just about any other Android device in existence.. It’s change for change’s sake because it’s not fixing a problem — just doing it differently from everyone else. There’s no clear benefit, so we question whether it’s really needed. At least give us the choice to use the usual Android navigation buttons if we want.. Android purists may not like the lack of app drawer, either, but the notification shade is close to standard Android, and the settings menu is laid out as you’d expect, too. We don’t have any complaints about the speed, either. Flyme zips along and is generally very pleasant to use.. Our review phone didn’t come with Google Play installed, but it and the Google Play Services suite of apps are all found in Meizu’s Hot Apps app store. Installation was quick and easy, and went without a hitch. Still, it’s annoying not to have Google Play onboard.. Flyme is inoffensive, often pleasing to look at, and presented no compatibility or performance problems. However, we’d rather all phones came with not only plain, stock Android, but also the latest version. Unfortunately, the Pro 6 Plus is running outdated Android 6.0 and an ancient security patch from January 2016. Software that’s more than a year out of date isn’t just bad, it’s unacceptable. Flyme’s presence means updates to Android can often be delayed, regardless of whether Meizu updates Flyme or not.. Sony’s IMX386 12-megapixel camera sensor is found on the back of the Pro 6 Plus, which is the same one used on the MX6, but with the crucial addition of optical image stabilization. Both share a f/2.0 aperture, 1.25-micron pixel size, and six-layer lens. Plus, Meizu says the camera software and image processor have been improved on the Pro 6 Plus.. We’re happy to say the changes, and addition of OIS, have made the Pro 6 Plus a much better camera phone than the MX6. The odd focus issues that plagued the MX6 have gone, leaving pleasant photos that reveal plenty of detail, and in the right environment, some pretty colors. There are still some exposure niggles, but on far fewer occasions than the MX6.. Taking photos on a sunny winter day showed off its ability to capture stunning blue skies, and some low-light images taken at night impressed, although they still have a lot of noise.. Tap the mode button in the camera app, and you’ll find settings for a manual mode, panorama shots, slow-motion video, and our personal favorite: A macro mode. Activate this, and you can get in really close to a small subject, take a picture, and the background blurs very effectively, giving you a desirable bokeh-effect shot with an up-close subject captured in detail. It’s fun to use, produces some lovely pictures, and is suitably different from other camera phones.. Flip the camera to the front, and selfies are captured with a 5-megapixel lens, which appears to be very similar to the MX6. That’s not a bad thing, and selfies come out well on the Pro 6 Plus. After the disappointment of the MX6’s camera, the Pro 6 Plus is a huge improvement, but it can’t match the excellent iPhone 7 or Google Pixel cameras, nor more reasonably priced phones like the OnePlus 3T, the ZTE Axon 7, or the Huawei P9.. You’ll find 4GB of RAM and Samsung’s Exynos 8890 octa-core processor inside the Pro 6 Plus, a chip also used in some versions of the Galaxy Note 7 and the Galaxy S7, as an alternative to the Qualcomm Snapdragon 820.. The Pro 6 Plus’ camera is a huge improvement, but it can’t match the competition.. We ran some benchmark tests on the Pro 6 Plus, but we don’t want to pay the results too much attention, due to some concerns the phone is tweaked. to perform better under these tests than at other times. For the curious, AnTuTu gave it 113,513, while 3DMark returned 1,976 on the Slingshot Extreme test. Compared to Meizu’s other phones, this is a strong (if predictable) result, and singles it out as the highest performing model in the range. Still, it doesn’t match Snapdragon 820-powered phones like the OnePlus 3 or the ZTE Axon 7.. At no point did we want more power from the Pro 6 Plus, and it was happy playing games like Crossy Road , and Hill Climb Racing. Reckless Racing 3 , with the advanced graphics mode activated and running at 60 frames-per-second, proved more challenging due to stuttering evident during gameplay. It didn’t ruin the experience, though. Turning the graphics up to maximum on Riptide GP 2 didn’t produce similar slowdown, though, and played well.. Putting the Pro 6 Plus through its paces like this did increase the temperature of the phone, not to the point where it was uncomfortable to hold, but certainly enough to give me sweaty palms while I played games. This is a recognized complaint with the processor, with reports of the chip getting hot inside Samsung phones.. The 3,400mAh battery is welcome in such a slim phone, and gave us nearly two days of use when testing the phone, but push it hard, and that time will drop. Charging using the supplied adaptor and USB Type-C cable saw it reach maximum capacity in about 90 minutes.. The Pro 6 Plus’ camera is a huge improvement, but it can’t match the competition.. Meizu has given the Pro 6 Plus enough audio prowess to make you want to run the battery down, too. The ESS Sabre ES9018K2M DAC, commonly found in many Meizu’s and other manufacturers’ smartphones, provides a very balanced pleasant musical experience. Meizu’s own Hi-Fi equalizer works not only in its pre-installed music app, but also system-wide — meaning it can be used when streaming music through Google Play Music, for example. The 64GB of internal storage should help if you want to store music on your phone, but it’s a shame there’s no MicroSD card slot to really take advantage of the Pro 6 Plus’s audio ability.. If you’re browsing Meizu’s website and see the fingerprint sensor advertised as featuring a heart rate monitor, don’t get too excited. It may very well do so in a future software update, but there was no option to activate the feature on our review phone. Otherwise, the fingerprint sensor is fast and really accurate, plus it can store multiple prints to secure files, lock apps, or enable a guest mode.. The Pro 6 Plus, according to Meizu, will go on sale in various regions around the world from late February into March, with prices still to be finalized. In China, the phone is set to cost the equivalent of $435. This isn’t fixed for international buyers, and rarely is a phone’s price ever a direct conversion, so expect some fluctuation either way.. Whatever happens with the price, you’ll have to pick up the Pro 6 Plus through an importer like GearBest, a popular online retailer specializing in Chinese electronics. You get a comprehensive one-year repair warranty, a three-day arrival guarantee, and a 45-day money back offer if the phone suddenly stops working. Outside the U.S., Meizu has a list of approved retailers selling the Pro 6 Plus and other phones.. Meizu Pro 6 Plus Compared To. Like many other Meizu phones, you should be aware it won’t support 4G LTE bands in the U.S., so you’ll have to make do with 3G. That’s a poor experience, and we don’t recommend it. We tested the Pro 6 Plus in the U.K., on the O2 network, and it regularly connected to HSDPA+ and 3G signals. If you’re considering importing this phone, be ready for very slow speeds.. Power, beauty, and brains: The Pro 6 Plus is the best Meizu phone we’ve tested, but it still doesn’t hold up against the competition. The lack of 4G LTE connectivity is a deal breaker when you can get a similarly specced phone for the same or less in the States.. The Meizu Pro 6 Plus is what we commonly refer to as a phablet, although its overall size isn’t so gigantic it can’t be held in one hand. It’s in the same company as the LG V20, the Huawei Mate 9, and other import phones like the Xiaomi Mi5S Plus. The high-res screen is great, but the lack of expandable storage, and slightly disappointing camera can’t match other phones, regardless of screen size.. Fossil Q Crewmaster Gen 2 smartwatch. The Google Pixel XL is really your best option for a big-screen phone that gets immediate software updates and security patches. We’re also fans of both the LG V20. and the Huawei Mate 9 , and recommend them both to anyone wanting a big-screen phone with strong specifications, and very impressive cameras. However, those alternatives are considerably more expensive than the Pro 6 Plus. For a more similarly priced option, take a look at the OnePlus 3T , and the ZTE Axon 7. You could save even more and look at the Honor 6X , too.. Meizu is behind with its software. The Pro 6 Plus has Android 6.0 with its own Flyme user interface, and an outdated Android security update. The Huawei Mate 9, by comparison, has Android 7.0, the most recent Android security update, and its EMUI user interface is a vast improvement over previous versions. The Google Pixel XL is even further ahead, because it gets instant updates from Google. In terms of software longevity, the Pixel XL would be the best choice, because the Pro 6 Plus is already out of date.. We’re also a little concerned about the build quality. The phone feels superb, but the scratched anodized finish is highly unusual. We’d recommend a case to keep the phone looking factory fresh. The Pro 6 Plus doesn’t have water resistance, so if you drop it on the wet stuff, it’s unlikely to survive.. You can get better phones for about the same price, and they’ll be fully functional in the U.S. If you want a Meizu phone and nothing else will do, then the Pro 6 Plus is the one to buy. It’s by far the best phone we’ve tested from the manufacturer, in terms of specification, performance, and usability. Obviously, we can’t recommend you buy a phone that doesn’t connect to 4G LTE networks in the United States. High-speed data allows you to do a lot more with your phone, so we would recommend the similarly priced OnePlus 3T, the ZTE Axon 7, or the Honor 6X instead.. Add Us To Your Social Channels. Digital Trends helps readers keep tabs on the fast-paced world of tech with all the latest news, fun product reviews, insightful editorials, and one-of-a-kind sneak peeks. 
The next video is starting stop. Want to watch this again later?. Sign in to add this video to a playlist.. Sign in to report inappropriate content.. Sign in to make your opinion count.. Sign in to make your opinion count.. The interactive transcript could not be loaded.. Rating is available when the video has been rented.. This feature is not available right now. For more, visit http://phandroid.com Follow us! http://twitter.com/phandroid Circle us! https://plus.google.com/+phandroid/ Like us! http://www.facebook.com/phandroid Follow us! http://phandroids.tumblr.com/. When autoplay is enabled, a suggested video will automatically play next.. Meizu Pro 6 Plus Unboxing & Hands-On. Meizu Pro 6 Plus review: Great hardware augmented by excellent software. Comparativo: Meizu PRO 6 Plus vs Samsung Galaxy S7 - TecMundo. ✔ Meizu Pro 6 Plus - The Samsung S7 Note alternative. MEIZU PRO 6 PLUS 128 Gb Gray детальный разбор!. PULSA | Review Meizu Pro 6. Meizu Pro 6 Plus Full Review, Budget Smartphone with Note 7 Specs?. Xiaomi Mi5 (4GB RAM,128GB ROM) vs Meizu PRO 6 (4GB RAM,64GB ROM) - Performance & Camera test. Meizu M5, M5s, and M5 Note Review. Meizu Pro 6 Plus Review- Stronger Than Ever. REVIEW MEIZU PRO 6 PLUS GLOBAL. Meizu Pro 7 e Pro 7 Plus: video anteprima | #parliamone. Meizu Pro 6S Review - A Worthwhile Upgrade?. Meizu PRO6 - Detailed view & Performance test. FlyMe 6 internazionale su Meizu Pro 6. Sign in to add this to Watch Later. 
Samsung Galaxy S9 OnePlus 5T Huawei Mate 10 Google Pixel 2 OnePlus 5. LG K10 (2018) Samsung Galaxy S9 Elephone S8 HTC U11 Eyes Honor 9 Lite. Samsung Galaxy S9 OnePlus 5T Huawei Mate 10 Google Pixel 2 OnePlus 5. Buy and sell gently used phones. Released in May of 2016, the Pro 6 is a flagship phone from Meizu. The 5.2" display has a resolution of 1080 x 1920 pixels and is protected by Corning Gorilla Glass 4. A Mediatek MT6797T Helio X25 CPU is equipped in this device, using 10 cores (2x2.5 GHz Cortex-A72, 4x2 GHz Cortex-A53, 4x1.4 GHz Cortex-A53) and a Mali-T880 MP4 GPU. There's 4GB of RAM with either 32GB or 64GB of internal storage. When it comes to photos, a 21 MP sensor handles your rear facing camera, and a 5MP sensor for selfies. To power this device, there is a 2560 mAh battery.. Xiaomi Redmi Note 5 and Redmi Note 5 Pro Forums Are Now Open for Posting. Unofficial LineageOS 15.1 brings Android 8.1 Oreo Go Edition to First Generation Android One Devices. Take Control of your Phone’s Rotation with “Rotation” Orientation Manager. Customize Samsung Experience 9.0 and Android Oreo on the Samsung Galaxy S8/S8+ with this Xposed Module. MX Player is Recruiting Users for a New Private Beta Testing Program. Dreaming Battery is a Minimalist Screensaver for Displaying your Battery Level. Having troubles with your Ad Blocker? This app adds a Quick Settings tile for easy Ad Block toggling. Meizu Pro 6 Plus Real Life Review. Meizu Pro 6 Plus Questions & Answers. Meizu Pro 6 Plus Guides, News, & Discussion. Meizu Pro 6 Plus ROMs, Kernels, Recoveries, & Other Development. Meizu Pro 6 Plus Themes, Apps, and Mods. Kernels : Meizu Pro 6 Plus. Tools/Utilities : Meizu Pro 6 Plus. Rom List : Meizu Pro 6 Plus. Meizu Pro 6 Plus Real Life Review Meizu Pro 6 Plus Questions & Answers Meizu Pro 6 Plus Guides, News, & Discussion Meizu Pro 6 Plus ROMs, Kernels, Recoveries, & Other Development Meizu Pro 6 Plus Themes, Apps, and Mods Meizu Pro 6 Plus Accessories. Meizu Pro 6 Plus Real Life Review. More Meizu Pro 6 Plus Real Life Review Threads. Meizu Pro 6 Plus Questions & Answers. Anyone interested Meizu Pro 6 Plus at all. More Meizu Pro 6 Plus Questions & Answers Threads. Meizu Pro 6 Plus Guides, News, & Discussion. [ROM] Flyme OS 6 (G) Global Stable for Chinese Pro 6 Plus devices. More Meizu Pro 6 Plus Guides, News, & Discussion Threads. Meizu Pro 6 Plus ROMs, Kernels, Recoveries, & Other Development. More Meizu Pro 6 Plus ROMs, Kernels, Recoveries, & Other Development Threads. Meizu Pro 6 Plus Themes, Apps, and Mods. ---- XDA 2013 Beta - 1024. XDA Developers was founded by developers, for developers. It is now a valuable resource for people who want to make the most of their mobile devices, from customizing the look and feel to adding new functionality. Are you a developer? | Terms of Service. 
The next video is starting stop. Want to watch this again later?. Sign in to add this video to a playlist.. Sign in to report inappropriate content.. Sign in to make your opinion count.. Sign in to make your opinion count.. The interactive transcript could not be loaded.. Rating is available when the video has been rented.. This feature is not available right now. Очередная новинка от Meizu или действительно достойный смартфон? Впервые, у Meizu получилось сделать флагман с действительно достойной камерой. Кроме того, Pro 6 Plus получил режим Always-On Display, 3D Press, быструю зарядку, а также процессор Exynos 8890 (как у Galaxy S7), 4 ГБ ОЗУ типа LPDDR4 и 64 или 128 ГБ внутренней памяти! Ссылка на фото в полном разрешении: https://goo.gl/pXkqPf Подписка: http://www.youtube.com/user/rozetked?... http://vk.com/rozetked http://twitter.com/rozetked http://facebook.com/rozetked http://instagram.com/rozetked https://telegram.me/rozetked Копирование материалов youtube.com/rozetked запрещено, для использования фрагментов необходимо разрешение администрации ресурса, заявки посылайте на info@rozetked.ru Размещение роликов непосредственно с нашего YouTube-канала для некоммерческого использования не возбраняется.. When autoplay is enabled, a suggested video will automatically play next.. Meizu Pro 6 Plus Gray на Flyme 6: эх, если бы не.... Meizu Pro 6 Plus - обзор флагмана из Китая или смесь Samsung & iPhone ?. Meizu M6S: Обзор Лучшего Meizu начала 2018. Обзор Meizu MX6 и сравнение с Pro 6. Обзор HTC 10 — Help This Company!. Pixel vs iPhone 7 vs Galaxy S7 — что купить?. MEIZU MX6 vs PRO 6 (2017). Стоит ли брать на 2018 год?. Обзор Meizu Pro 6 и сравнение с Pro 5. Лучший китайский смартфон – начало 2017. Apple iPhone X vs Samsung Galaxy Note 8. OnePlus 3T против Meizu Pro 6 Plus: выбираем лучший китайский смартфон до 500$. КАКОЙ ОН MEIZU PRO 6 PLUS. Слава богу, что с MINI JACK. Стильный смартфон с экраном Amoled и аудиопроцессором Cirrus Logic!. Sign in to add this to Watch Later. 
Meizu Pro 6 Plus review: Another solid phone with some really strange software decisions. 2017/01/30 8:44am PST Jan 30, 2017. 1 Specs 2 The Good 3 The Not So Good 4 Design and. display 5 Camera 6 Performance and battery life 7 Software 8 Conclusion. Hardware design is a tricky subject. Some companies take risks to define their own aesthetic, while others borrow, in varying degrees, the design languages of more popular brands. What I have in my hands is the latter; the Meizu Pro 6 Plus borrows heavily from Apple's style, especially when viewed from the front. Its software is also an attempt to mimic iOS, for better or for worse.. Overall, however, I find that this phone is the classic story with a twist. The Pro 6 Plus has some. actually nice hardware, but the native Flyme OS is a mixed bag.. I am not sure if this is a case of Stockholm syndrome or what, but I found that I could tolerate the software for the most part. There is one thing to be noted, though: this phone is not GMS-certified, not even the international version (which I have), so be forewarned.. solid phone, but even though it looks good on paper, I think that there are better options in this price bracket.. 5.7" Super AMOLED QHD 2560 x 1440; 551ppi. 12MP IMX 3860 CMOS rear, OIS and ring LED flash/5MP front. WiFi 802.11 a/b/g/n/ac, dual-band; LTE bands 1/3/7/38/39/40/41. 155.6 x 77.3 x 7.3 mm; 158 g. Excellent viewing angles, vibrant colors, and good clarity. The 3,400mAh cell is more than enough for a day's usage, and then some. and can take multiple shots quickly before lagging. The Exynos chip, coupled with the 4GB of RAM, is an absolute champ and easily powers through anything.. Flyme OS is mostly innocuous, but it can be downright frustrating, too. It is annoying when things are changed for the sake of being different. Moving around the OS is an absolute frustration and does not make any sense. While Meizu's standing with GMS certification is hopefully well known at this point, it is important to remember when considering this device. There is a workaround for the international version, but its lack of optimization could lead to issues. more time to use than to simply enter a PIN.. Meizu bring its own interesting flair to this phone, especially on the back. The company brought over a lot of design elements from the Pro 6, which was released early last year. The front houses the 5.7" QHD AMOLED screen, the front camera and the usual sensors up by the earpiece, and the fingerprint sensor/home button/back key along the bottom bezel. The 2.5D glass curves subtly around the edges, giving the phone a smooth and elegant feel.. On the back side, you will find the circular, body-colored "CD" camera module and the ring LED flash just below it. Meizu's logo sits just under them, and the rest of the back is unmarred save for the very discreet antennae lines. The right side holds the power button and volume rocker, both of which are solid and tactile. The USB-C 3.1 port, 3.5mm jack, and the single speaker sit along the bottom while the dual-SIM tray is. alone on the left side of the phone.. I have to give Meizu props for designing and building a good-quality device. There is this sort of soft touch effect on the back of the phone which makes your fingers glide across it. The obvious downside to this is that the Pro 6 Plus is extremely slippery and when that's combined with the phone's size, it can be difficult to hold onto.. I was sent the gold version, which has a white face. I cannot say that this look is my favorite, but I do not find that it detracts from the overall design... even if it did garner me questions of "Is that an iPhone 6 Plus?" There are somewhat subtle gold accents on the earpiece grill up top and the border around the fingerprint sensor/home button.. is not flashy by any means. Instead, it opts for mixing its own design flair with that of something more popular. It works well in this case, I think.. The Pro 6 Plus sports a 5.7" Quad HD Super AMOLED display with a pixel density of 551ppi. Suffice to say, this display is excellent. It boasts superb contrast, fantastic viewing angles, and even adequate outdoor brightness (which is a miracle where I live). The color calibration feels more in line with the iPhones' displays, which is no surprise to me. So while you may not find the look of, say, a Samsung screen, Meizu has done a good job here.. Meizu has included some color temperature adjustments, a blue light filter, and an optional always-on Ambient Display.. The Pro 6 Plus sports a very capable camera. The app UI is not as cluttered as others I have used, rather it gives you quick access to the things you might need. to launch, easily matching the Nexus 6P or OnePlus 3. Once you're ready to shoot some pictures, you can fire off six to seven easily before you'll see any lag or stutter as the phone catches up. This is the sort of performance you would expect to find. the speed is certainly fantastic, I doubt it will wow anyone who has used a high-end smartphone camera from 2016.. The auto-focus is pretty quick on the take, usually finding the right target the first time around. The Pro 6 Plus cannot match the S7, or even the Pixel, in low-light, yet it tries admirably. In well-lit conditions, however, especially outdoors, the quality and detail is great. Most of the time, you can get a great photo by just pointing and shooting, which is what I imagine will matter to those who are considering this phone.. the Exynos 8890 Octa, the same CPU as you will find in the international Samsung Galaxy S7/S7 edge. The version I have, the 64GB one, has four Mongoose cores clocked at 2.0GHz and four 1.5GHZ Cortex-A53 cores. The 128GB model receives a slight boost to 2.3GHz and 1.6GHz, respectively, as well as the Mali-T880 MP12 GPU (the 64GB gets the MP10). there is a difference between the two options, the performance is spectacular.. As is my wont, here are the benchmarks for those of you who like the numbers.. The Pro 6 Plus is no pushover. It flew through anything I could throw at it, even games like Sky Force Reloaded, Sword Art Online: Memory Defrag, and Hearthstone. The phone itself boots in record time, apps load quickly, and I never saw stutter or lag at any point. will not change your perception of speed, nor will it blow anyone away who has used anything recent like the Pixel or OnePlus 3/3T. However, I came away impressed, especially considering how heavy Meizu's Flyme OS "skin" is.. However, the biggest failing in performance is most certainly the fingerprint sensor. I had more rejections than not, and when it did work, it was slow. With the "quick unlock" feature (i.e. typing in your PIN correctly automatically unlocks your device), the fingerprint sensor was often useless for me.. Battery life matched what I expected. easily lasted through a day's worth of use, including heavier usage than I normally would submit a device to. At 100% brightness with heavy gaming, streaming, and messaging, the Pro 6 Plus was able to scrape out about sixteen hours of life and 5 hours of screen-on time. Returning to my more normal usage raised those numbers by quite. As always, your mileage will vary from mine, so keep that in mind.. This whole review has been leading up to this point: the Pro 6 Plus' software. Dubbed Flyme OS (not sure if it's pronounced. or fly-me ), it looks like iOS, but. we have seen in the past, it. actually does a pretty good job at things. All of you should know by now that I. prefer the "stock" Android feel, as do most of us here at AP; however, I have also said before that I do not mind changes and customizations that attempt to make things better.. The international Pro 6 Plus is still running Flyme OS v5.27.0G, which is unfortunate because Meizu has been touting v6 of Flyme for a few months and I am curious to try it. There is nothing inherently wrong with this version of the OS, although it is missing a few functions like NFC (it's there, just not activated) and the heart rate monitor (again, there yet not activated).. Flyme is based on Marshmallow, which is a bummer. A very recent update brought it up to the January security patch, though I did chuckle when I saw the update (sent from Meizu's PR) was the same version number.. In all honesty, Flyme OS does not really bring much to the table as far as innovative features. to be a cross between EMUI and MIUI, with many of the strengths of both and most of their weaknesses. If v6 had been released at this point, I could address the new things like the One Mind AI and the 400+ changes across the system... Navigation is a real stickler for me. I laud on-screen softkeys, though I am not opposed to capacitive buttons if they are done well (such as being backlit). The Pro 6 Plus, however, uses Meizu's asinine navigation model. The home button doubles as a fingerprint sensor, which is nothing weird. Where things get detestable is the fact that this button also functions as the Back key. So here's how you move about this phone: click for Home, tap for Back, and swipe up from the button bezel for Recents. When the screen is on, you can also press and hold the home button to turn it off. (which means no shortcuts for Google Now or whatever else you might wish). example of changing something just to be different.. Root access is available in the Security section of the Settings, if you're into that. I, of course, enabled it once I had concluded my findings.. Over time and exposure (and a series of events that forced me to continue using this phone even after the usual amount of time I spend with a review device), I came to tolerate Flyme OS. As I said in the intro, the only explanation that I can come up with is some form of Stockholm syndrome. Jokes aside, Flyme OS performs admirably on the Pro 6 Plus and installing Action Launcher helped to mitigate some of the visual problems I had, which made it even more tolerable.. I need to address the elephant in the room, though I have tried to review this phone irrespective of it. The Pro 6 Plus is not GMS-certified, meaning that it will not have Google Play Services out of the box. this perfectly acceptable in Meizu's home country of China, I am not entirely sure why the international version shipped without GMS. I was told that Google Play Services, the Play Store, et cetera were considered optional for Meizu customers, to be installed via an app in Meizu's store if one so chose.. I will not address this in much further detail, as David did so already here. Having to install GMS in this fashion can lead to some issues, as Corbin experienced on the more affordable. However, it can be done and the phone will run Google's stuff just fine for the most part. I did experience quite a few issues with push notifications in certain apps like Hangouts and Voice. — by that, I mean I just didn't get any until I opened them.. The Pro 6 Plus is a pretty good flagship device. It has a large, beautiful screen, solid performance, and a great. It is, by no means, a great phone, but it functions admirably. There are some problems, even outside of the implementation of GMS, but not so many as to make it unusable. The fingerprint sensor and navigation model, though, are. probably the worst things about it.. The lack of US LTE bands is to be understood, as we here are not Meizu's target market. However, call quality and 3G on a T-Mobile MVNO worked just fine. The MSRP of $435 USD (for the 64GB) is where things get sticky. When put up against other competitors who have both U.S. and international presences, the Pro 6 Plus really starts to falter. You can get an equal or better camera/software experience, better fingerprint sensor, and GMS certification for about the same price from OnePlus or ZTE.. citizens, this phone is obviously not for you. Those of you who live outside of the United States, for whom Meizu may be a larger player, I suggest that you consider other options for a phone. The Pro 6 Plus is not bad by any stretch, but it simply isn't as good as its price point competitors.. Tags flyme os gms meizu phone review pro 6 plus review. T-Mobile will now return sales tax to customers who purchase a new smartphone. PSA: The new NVIDIA SHIELD Pro still ships with the old remote. [Update: APK now available] Google releases Assistant Go app on the Play Store. 2018/02/06 4:45am PST Feb 6, 2018. [Update x2: Hotfix supplement] Google changed the build number format in Oreo—here's how to read it. 2018/02/20 8:21pm PST Feb 20, 2018. Google's Calculator app hits 100 million downloads on the Play Store. 2018/01/31 9:34pm PST Jan 31, 2018. May want to blur out the California number from the call history.. I'm in 805 - Simi Valley.. It was a telemarketer, so I am not at all concerned. Who would WILLINGLY call a telemarketer?. I was trying to figure out who called me. In fact, APPLE copied MEIZU´s design... That's exactly what I want to do when buy a new phone... Install a patchwork non-supported custom ROM on it.. It is funny cause it is EXACTLY what I do as soon as I get a new phone :). I love it! All the bloatware aside, all the good tweaks... Just a matter of taste :D. My main phone needs to function reliably and it doesn't really have any bloatware to begin with so that is a non-factor. I do put a custom ROM on my secondary phone(s) which are out of warranty and not supported with updates anymore so that makes sense in that use case to me.. Putting three different functions onto the home button? Whoever thought that was a good idea should find another job.. Which has just as many functions as the generic home-button on android. Jony Ive definitely took this comment to heart, I'm sure.. I love this approach, my bro has Meizu Pro 6. I have OnePlus3T, and I download an app to make it similar to this. I also have Huawei Mediapad M3 which has similar behaviour. You may want to try befor judging, however it's a good thing Android allow these customization.. What app is that? I have a OnePlus 3 too, and I'm always finding myself accidentally triggering the back and recent capacitive keys.. It's called "Button Mapper" by flar2. You can try for free to see how it work, then you have to buy app if you want those functions, but it's a well spent money anyway.. I had a MX5 (I won it in a raffle), I only have bad things to say about it... The worst of it without a doubt is the OS... it just got worst when they removed the play services, sure, you could sideload it and such, but it never worked as it should be. Why did AP even bother reviewing a non GMS-certified phone?. "Root access is available in the Security section of the Settings, if you're into that. I, of course, enabled it once I had concluded my findings.". You can actually enable root in the setting? Wish that was standard on all phones but not to wise on one with no Play Store. No wonder Chinese phones are like 90% of all reported malware cases.. Did you forget this review? http://www.androidpolice.com/2017/01/18/meizu-m5-note-review-not-buy-phone/. I had a good time reading Reddit regarding this review, although after a few minutes I had turned stop.. Change the word "did" to DOES and remove the word "a" in my comment.. Google is paying 97$ per hour! Work for few hours and have longer with friends & family! !mj144d:. On tuesday I got a great new Land Rover Range Rover from having earned $8752 this last four weeks.. Its the most-financialy rewarding I've had.. It sounds unbelievable but you wont forgive yourself if you don’t check it. "Another solid phone with some really strange software decisions". This can said for virtually every chinese made phone. hardware has become universally good these days. Its this area, that One Plus with there Oxygen OS is far ahead of the competition. 99% stock with 1% tweaks that make stock even better.. Software, for whatever reason, seems to be overly difficult for these OEMs.. Another article from AP giving space to a company that grows through slave labor from a government without real democracy or free of speech. "that grows through slave labor from a government without real democracy or free of speech.". you need to read up about the US and its history.. Honestly, the Meizu mTouch button is the most great navigation way I ever tried. One touch to go back, one click to go to the home.. (and I'm a Pixel XL owner, I bought a Meizu M2 mini for my sister more than a year ago and it's awesome). It's annoying and change for the sake of being "different".. Well the fact that a single button does everything regarding navigating is pretty complicated in it's own right. "While I find this perfectly acceptable at Meizu's home country...". And good to know that Jordan supports censorship... Because the only reason for GMS not be allowed at devices in China is the dreadful government from there... Looks like people totally lost their moral compass because of the dependence from China. That is not OK and it is absurd people that are OK with that just to be allowed to buy a superfluous device at low price.... I hardly think that my statement there is, in any way, condoning of censorship. However, each state is sovereign in and of itself. Moral compasses have nothing to do with this review, nor any opinions therein. My overall thoughts on the People's Republic of China are irrelevant to this discussion. Political theory and philosophy certainly has a place, but not in a phone review.. good work AP please review more phones from asia like pakistan. As Meizu owner - the first and last phone I ever bought from them.. Not a signle word about sound quality with dedicated DAC. [Deal Alert] Nest Cam Outdoor two-pack is just $248.38 ($99.62 off) on Amazon. 2018/02/25 7:32pm PST Feb 25, 2018. [Deal Alert] Sony Xperia XZ1 is down to $495 ($205 off) on Amazon. 2018/02/25 7:16pm PST Feb 25, 2018. [Deal Alert] Best Buy will knock $100 off Galaxy S9/S9+ pre-orders on Friday, March 2nd only. 2018/02/25 6:37pm PST Feb 25, 2018. [Deal Alert] Refurbished JBL Everest Elite 700 noise-canceling Bluetooth headphones are $119.99 on Woot. 2018/02/25 2:54pm PST Feb 25, 2018. [Deal Alert] Prime Exclusive LG Q6 is $159.99 ($90 off) today only on Amazon. 2018/02/25 11:14am PST Feb 25, 2018. Are you using a custom launcher on your phone?. Yes, I currently am using a custom launcher. I have used one in the past, but not currently. No, and I have never used a custom launcher.. Wacom Bamboo Tip review: A pricey fine-tip stylus that works on all touchscreens. 2018/02/23 6:08am PST Feb 23, 2018. Netatmo Welcome review: A near perfect no-hidden-fees indoor security camera with face recognition. 2018/02/22 5:39am PST Feb 22, 2018. Moto Tab review: Look elsewhere for your tablet needs. 2018/02/20 7:33am PST Feb 20, 2018. JBL Link smart speakers review: Offering several great alternatives to the Google Home. 2018/02/17 5:30am PST Feb 17, 2018. Microsoft's Photos Companion is a neat utility for transferring images from Android to your PC (Hands-on). 2018/02/15 4:06am PST Feb 15, 2018. 21 new and notable Android Wear watch faces from the last 3 months (11/11/17 - 2/22/18). 2018/02/24 9:59am PST Feb 24, 2018. 13 new and notable Android games from the last week (2/14/18 - 2/20/18). 2018/02/20 11:20am PST Feb 20, 2018. 14 new and notable Android apps from the last week (2/13/18 - 2/19/18). 2018/02/19 10:21am PST Feb 19, 2018. 18 new and notable Android games from the last week (2/7/18 - 2/13/18). 2018/02/13 11:33am PST Feb 13, 2018. 14 new and notable Android apps and live wallpapers from the last week (2/6/18 - 2/12/18). 2018/02/12 11:39am PST Feb 12, 2018. Samsung SmartThings app overhaul coming in March. 2018/02/25 2:26pm PST Feb 25, 2018. YouTube for Android TV adds manual resolution selection, starts rolling an updated interface. 2018/02/25 3:11am PST Feb 25, 2018. Google app beta's screenshot editing and sharing popup is now working in other apps as well for some. 2018/02/24 10:27pm PST Feb 24, 2018. Here are 39 temporarily free and 45 on-sale apps for your Saturday. 2018/02/24 10:26am PST Feb 24, 2018. 21 new and notable Android Wear watch faces from the last 3 months (11/11/17 - 2/22/18). 2018/02/24 9:59am PST Feb 24, 2018. [Deal Alert] Save $35 when you buy a Google Home and Chromecast or Chromecast Audio. 2017/02/26 1:35am PST Feb 26, 2017. [Deal Alert] Nexus 5X 16GB Drops To Its Lowest Price Yet, Grab One For Just $269.99 On eBay. 2016/02/26 10:31am PST Feb 26, 2016. Sprint Galaxy S6 And Galaxy S6 Edge Promotion Leaked Ahead Of MWC Announcement. 2015/02/26 9:17pm PST Feb 26, 2015. PSA: Google Wallet 'Tap And Pay' Functionality Appears To Be Working On Most KitKat Updates For Devices On Isis Carriers. 2014/02/26 3:09pm PST Feb 26, 2014. Adobe Releases Photoshop Touch For Phones, Pisses Off Tablet Users By Making It A Separate $5 App. 2013/02/26 9:27pm PST Feb 26, 2013. [MWC 2012] Samsung Announces Galaxy S WiFi 4.2, For The Android Lovers Who Don't Need A Phone. 2012/02/26 11:58pm PST Feb 26, 2012. Public Beta Of FullHDMI Released, Lets You Mirror Your EVO's Screen On Your HDTV. 2011/02/26 5:51pm PST Feb 26, 2011. Hands on with the Nokia 1, Nokia 6 (2018), Nokia 7 Plus, and Nokia 8 Sirocco. 2018/02/25 7:33am PST Feb 25, 2018. Chrome OS may soon be able to run Linux applications in a container. 2018/02/25 10:00am PST Feb 25, 2018. Galaxy S9 and S9+ US pre-orders, pricing, release date, and more. 2018/02/25 8:59am PST Feb 25, 2018. Samsung's Galaxy S9 is official: Fingerprint sensor finally in the right place. 2018/02/25 8:59am PST Feb 25, 2018. Nokia smartphones will be Android One devices going forward. 2018/02/25 7:27am PST Feb 25, 2018. [Update x2: Hotfix supplement] Google changed the build number format in Oreo—here's how to read it. 2018/02/20 8:21pm PST Feb 20, 2018. [Update: Now official, more devices supported] Google releasing ARCore 1.0 at MWC, but it seems to be rolling out early. 2018/02/23 8:26am PST Feb 23, 2018. [Update x2: Rollout resumed] Samsung halts Android 8.0 Oreo rollout to Galaxy S8 and S8+. 2018/02/22 3:55pm PST Feb 22, 2018. Hands-on: Google's 'Reply' gives other apps concise Smart Replies - when it isn't throwing shade. 2018/02/20 2:41pm PST Feb 20, 2018. Google Home v1.27 includes several cosmetic changes and shortcuts, smaller APK, and hints at new devices and reversible controls [APK Teardown]. 2018/02/20 12:33pm PST Feb 20, 2018. [Update: APK now available] Google releases Assistant Go app on the Play Store. 2018/02/06 4:45am PST Feb 6, 2018. [Update x2: Hotfix supplement] Google changed the build number format in Oreo—here's how to read it. 2018/02/20 8:21pm PST Feb 20, 2018. Google's Calculator app hits 100 million downloads on the Play Store. 2018/01/31 9:34pm PST Jan 31, 2018. [Update: Now official, more devices supported] Google releasing ARCore 1.0 at MWC, but it seems to be rolling out early. 2018/02/23 8:26am PST Feb 23, 2018. LG settles bootloop lawsuit: Members get $425 in cash or a $700 LG phone rebate [Update: Only for plaintiffs of the initial case]. 2018/01/31 2:09pm PST Jan 31, 2018. Notice a bug? Let us know here. 118 queries | 0.419s | nexus2. Android is a trademark of Google Inc. | © Illogical Robot LLC, 2009-2018. 
0 Ваша корзина 0 x 0 р.. 0 Ваша корзина 0 x 0 р.. График работы с 09:00 до 21:00, будни. с 11:00 до 19:00, выходные дни. 0 Ваша корзина 0 x 0 р.. График работы с 09:00 до 21:00, будни. с 11:00 до 19:00, выходные дни. Meizu Pro 6 Plus 4GB + 128GB (Gold). НеожиданныйВсе любят сюрпризы, и в случае с MEIZU PRO 6 Plus вы будете приятно удивлены не только ха... Meizu Pro 6 Plus 4GB + 128GB (Gray). НеожиданныйВсе любят сюрпризы, и в случае с MEIZU PRO 6 Plus вы будете приятно удивлены не только ха... Meizu Pro 6 Plus 4GB + 128GB (Silver). НеожиданныйВсе любят сюрпризы, и в случае с MEIZU PRO 6 Plus вы будете приятно удивлены не только ха... Meizu Pro 6 Plus 4GB + 64GB (Gold). НеожиданныйВсе любят сюрпризы, и в случае с MEIZU PRO 6 Plus вы будете приятно удивлены не только ха... Meizu Pro 6 Plus 4GB + 64GB (Gray). НеожиданныйВсе любят сюрпризы, и в случае с MEIZU PRO 6 Plus вы будете приятно удивлены не только ха... Meizu Pro 6 Plus 4GB + 64GB (Silver). НеожиданныйВсе любят сюрпризы, и в случае с MEIZU PRO 6 Plus вы будете приятно удивлены не только ха... Большинство заказов с сайта обрабатываются нами в день обращения!. Вся продукция официальная и имеет гарантию от производителя.. Купите Meizu по лучшей цене в России, а также скидки и акции!. Оформляете заказ через корзину или "купить в 1 клик". Оплачиваете курьеру или в пункте выдачи товара. Сначала боялась делать покупки в интернет-магазине, наверное, всем страшно в первый раз, но почитала отзывы и как-то расслабилась. Здесь на сайте можно со смартфонами познакомиться намного лучше, чем в магазине под пристальным взглядом продавцов-консультантов.. Смартфоны стоят своих денег, даже те, что по 25 тыс. Я считаю, что модель, которая работает хорошо и не устареет через год, достойна того, чтобы в нее вложить свои деньги. Прекрасная цветопередача, камеры лучше, чем на некоторых цифровиках. При этом смартфоны довольно легкие и удобно сидят в руке.. Meizu M3 Max – достойный смартфон с отличной производительностью. Уже имеет 64 ГБ встроенной памяти, думаю флешка долго не понадобится. Модель отличная не виснет, не глючит, яркие цвета, удобный в использовании интерфейс и вообще сам телефон, все нужные мне приложения поддерживает. В общем придраться не к чему, ставлю твердую пятерку.. Интернет магазин Meizu Store – площадка, где Вы можете ознакомиться со всеми новинками от компании Meizu. В нашем магазине телефонов Мейзу постоянно представлен широкий ассортимент Meizu по лучшим ценам, ведь желаемое должно быть доступным. Мы работаем по всем городам России и осуществляем удобную и быструю доставку. При желании купить товар фирмы Meizu лично, приходите в наши магазины, и менеджеры будут рады помочь Вам в покупке желаемого гаджета.. На все смартфоны и аксессуары действует гарантия сроком 1 год. Работаем для Вас без выходных и праздников. 127051 , Россия, г.Москва, , Цветной бульвар, 2. Внимание! Сведения, указанные на сайте приведены как справочная информация и не являются публичной офертой, определяемой положениями статьи 437 Гражданского кодекса Российской Федерации. 
Meizu Launches the PRO 6 Plus: 5.7-inch SAMOLED and Exynos 8890 SoC. by Matt Humrick on November 30, 2016 5:14 PM EST. 4x Exynos M1 @ 2.6GHz / 2.3GHz. (1-2 core / 3-4 core load). 147.7 x 70.8 x 7.25 mm. 155.6 x 77.3 x 7.3 mm. 2G / 3G / 4G LTE (Category 6). FDD-LTE / TD-LTE / TD-SCDMA / WCDMA / CDMA (China only) / GSM. 2G / 3G / 4G LTE (Category 12). FDD-LTE / TD-LTE / TD-SCDMA / WCDMA / GSM. 5MP, 1/4" OmniVision OV5695, 1.4μm, f/2.0. 21.16MP, 1/2.4” Sony IMX230 Exmor RS, 1.12µm pixels, f/2.2, PDAF + Laser AF, HDR, dual-tone LED flash. 12MP, 1/2.9” Sony IMX386 Exmor RS, 1.25µm pixels, f/2.0, PDAF + Laser AF, 4-axis OIS, HDR, dual-tone LED flash. 802.11b/g/n/ac, BT 4.1 LE, NFC, GPS/GNSS, USB 3.1 Type-C. 802.11a/b/g/n/ac, BT 4.1 LE, NFC, GPS/GNSS, USB 3.1 Type-C. Android 6.0 with Meizu FlymeOS 5.2. Android 6.1 with Meizu FlymeOS 6. Meizu added a new flagship phablet to its smartphone lineup today. The new 5.7-inch PRO 6 Plus is the direct successor to the PRO 5 , but it incorporates the updated styling from the smaller 5.2-inch PRO 6. On paper at least, the PRO 6 Plus appears to be a definitive upgrade relative to Meizu’s previously released phones, unlike the PRO 6 which trailed the older PRO 5 in performance, battery life, and audio quality and failed to separate itself from the similar but less-expensive MX6.. The PRO 6 Plus incorporates the same aluminum unibody construction and elegant styling as the PRO 6. The slightly raised, circular camera surround with Meizu’s circular, dual-tone LED flash ring below give the back of the PRO 6 Plus a distinct look. The plastic antenna strips are colored to better match the sandblasted aluminum chassis and stick close to the upper and lower edges to further minimize their appearance. Its rounded edges and radiused corners make it comfortable to hold, although its smooth finish makes it feel a bit slippery. The 2.5D edge-to-edge glass covering the front eliminates sharp edges, enhancing the smooth feel of the phone.. What separates the design of the PRO 6 and PRO 6 Plus from so many other metal unibody phones, however, is Meizu’s attention to detail. Every edge and hole—the camera surround, ring flash, speaker holes—has a polished chamfer, and the single piece volume rocker and power button near the top of the right edge are inset into a polished groove. All of these extra machining features give the PRO 6 phones a premium look and feel.. The Meizu PRO 6 Plus, like the PRO 5 before it, uses a 5.7-inch SAMOLED display from Samsung; however, resolution increases to 2560x1440, which is a vast improvement over the PRO 5’s 1080p panel whose pixel density was insufficient to overcome the limitations of its PenTile subpixel arrangement. The display’s brightness ranges from 3 nits to 430 nits in direct sunlight when using the auto-brightness boost feature, according to Meizu. Although an APL value was not specified, I assume these are for 100% APL based on our measurements of the PRO 6, which achieves 436 nits at 100% APL and 512 nits at 50% APL.. Meizu also claims 103% coverage of the NTSC color gamut, which is good news for people who prefer highly saturated, vivid colors. Meizu introduced several different screen modes, including a proper sRGB mode, in FlymeOS 5.2, along with a color temperature slider, to allow for some adjustment of the display’s output, although it’s unclear if these features carry over to FlymeOS 6.. Most phones are now incorporating special night modes that filter out blue light for nighttime reading or low-light situations, and the PRO 6 Plus is no exception. It’s also the first Meizu phone to come with an always-on display (AOD) that shows the time, date, battery level, and notifications when the phone is locked. If enabled, Meizu claims it only consumes 1% of the battery’s charge per hour.. Inside the PRO 6 Plus is an Exynos 8890 SoC. Meizu has used Samsung’s Exynos chips in previous phones, most recently the Exynos 7420 in the PRO 5, and with Snapdragon 820/821 off the table because of its ongoing licensing disagreement with Qualcomm, the Exynos 8890 is a logical choice. The octa-core CPU uses a big.LITTLE pairing of four low-power ARM Cortex-A53 cores and four higher-performance, custom Exynos M1 cores from Samsung. Core frequencies vary depending on which storage option is selected. The version with 64GB of UFS 2.0 NAND uses a lower-binned SoC that limits the peak frequency of the Exynos M1 cores to 2.0GHz and the A53 cores to 1.5GHz, while the version with 128GB of internal storage allows the A53 cores to run at 1.6GHz and the M1 cores to run at up to 2.3GHz when three to four cores are active or 2.6GHz for better single-threaded performance when only one or two cores are active. Both versions use an ARM Mali-T880 GPU and come with 4GB of LPDDR4 RAM, but the lower-binned SoC only includes ten cores instead of the Exynos 8890's usual twelve like in the 128GB version.. While the amount of internal storage is reasonable, there’s no microSD support for storage expansion.. The PRO 6 Plus’ 3400mAh battery is a little on the small side given its size. Huawei’s 5.9-inch Mate 9 comes with a 4000mAh battery, for example. Even several smaller 5.5-inch phones such as Samsung’s Galaxy S7 edge (3600mAh), Xiaomi’s Redmi Note 3 Pro (4050mAh), and Meizu’s own M3 note (4100mAh) come with larger batteries. Meizu clearly prioritized thickness and weight over battery capacity, but we’ll have to wait and see how it performs in our battery tests before we can assess the impact of this decision. Regardless of how long the battery lasts, it should charge quickly thanks to Meizu’s mCharge fast charging technology that pulls up to 24W (8V/3A) at the wall.. Around back is a 12MP camera based on Sony’s IMX386 Exmor RS sensor with 1.25µm pixels. It employs a hybrid autofocus system that combines the benefits of phase detection (PDAF), laser, and contrast methods. The PRO 6 Plus also includes 4-axis optical image stabilization (OIS), a first for Meizu, which should help improve low-light photography by allowing sharp exposures up to 0.25 seconds. Covering the camera sensor is a 6-element lens array with f/2.0 aperture. Meizu also says its improved image-enhancing algorithms and noise processing take full advantage of Samsung’s integrated ISP.. One of the PRO 5’s best features was its excellent sounding audio subsystem. The PRO 6 took a more traditional approach and its results were disappointing by comparison. Fortunately, the PRO 6 Plus uses the same ESS Technology es9018k2m SABRE32 DAC as the PRO 5, which supports 16/24-bit audio from 44.1kHz to 192kHz with a dynamic range of 127dB and low noise. It also includes a dual-channel AD45275 power amplifier from Analog Devices.. The PRO 6 Plus comes with a touch-based, capacitive fingerprint scanner integrated into the front-mounted home button along with Meizu’s pressure sensitive screen technology it calls 3D Press, which the PRO 6 and PRO 6s also include. Because the software API’s are proprietary, the ability to press an icon on the home screen and open a shortcut menu or press on a hyperlink, email, or text message to open a preview are generally limited to Meizu’s apps.. In addition to 3D Press support, Meizu’s new FlymeOS 6 includes more than 400 new features, including the “One Mind” artificial intelligence engine that optimizes system performance by monitoring how the phone is used and prioritizes resources to the most used apps.. The PRO 6 Plus is available in three different colors: gold, gray, and silver. The gold and silver colors come with a white front, while the darker gray color comes with a black front. You can also choose between 64GB (¥2,999) or 128GB (¥3,299) of internal storage. The integrated Samsung Category 12 LTE modem supports 5-mode operation (no CDMA) and the following frequency bands (no LTE support in the US): FDD-LTE B1 / B3 / B7, TDD-LTE B38 / B39 / B40 / B41, WCDMA B1 / B2 / B5 / B8, TD-CDMA B34 / B39, GSM 850 / 900 / 1800 / 1900 MHz. It will be available in many Asian and European countries in December.. Please log in or sign up to comment.. jjj - Wednesday, November 30, 2016 - link. They have the Pro 6S too not just the 6 and 6 Plus. And ofc the Meizu Meilan X launch is the more interesting today as it is the first phone with Mediatek Helio P20 and the first with LPDDR4X. jjj - Wednesday, November 30, 2016 - link. One more thing, can you check if it has a heart rate sensor in the home button and how does it work- is it a discrete sensor or someone has added this functionality to their fingerprint sensor. Matt Humrick - Wednesday, November 30, 2016 - link. According to the press release, the fingerprint sensor located in the home button doubles as a heart rate sensor sampling at 50 times per second. jjj - Wednesday, November 30, 2016 - link. That would be very interesting.In theory using capacitive sensing for heart rate should be doable but not exactly easy and wasn't aware that anyone has the capability. Not much of an upside in having such a sensor in a phone but ,if it's a free lunch, why not and we would likely see it in many other phones soon. Curious to see how accurate it is. Matt Humrick - Wednesday, November 30, 2016 - link. It looks like the primary difference between the PRO 6 and PRO 6s is battery size (2560mAh vs 3060mAh). Also, the PRO 6s camera is similar to the PRO 6 Plus. jjj - Wednesday, November 30, 2016 - link. The 6s has bigger battery, different cam (better most would argue , at least because of OIS) and NAND starts at 64GB vs 32GB with the 6. Geranium - Wednesday, November 30, 2016 - link. What is the die size of Exynos 8890?. veewus - Thursday, December 01, 2016 - link. For the PRO 6 Plus 64gb version, the GPU is MP10. veewus - Thursday, December 01, 2016 - link. lid - Thursday, December 01, 2016 - link. Thank you for including LTE band compatibility!. IanCutress : This guy's big mug on a wall @benwood https://t.co/8KavLs4a9W. IanCutress : @antopettit I'd stab at sub 99EUR? I've pinged them, will let you know the response. IanCutress : @antopettit I've used Ninite on many occasions :). IanCutress : I wonder how quickly I can set up this bad boy before the first press event today. Chrome, Evernote, quick image ed… https://t.co/4CNOHyyXDG. RyanSmithAT : @RonAmadeo @Qualcomm To add to what's already been said, I was explicitly told at the time that it it was A7-based.… https://t.co/CaEsiIyqHj. IanCutress : Here's our LG V30s AI video. andreif7 : @AAPLTree @IanCutress @RyanSmithAT JavaScript is solely ST and a prime example. andreif7 : RT @anandtech: Samsung Announces The Galaxy S9 and S9+ https://t.co/4gXXLZQGMe. ganeshts : @GRbUF8qUqYB4iPy @witeken @thesajuukkhar @IanCutress I think the speculation is way off the mark. andreif7 : RT @IanCutress: The official meme of the Huawei March 27th event. andreif7 : @IanCutress Can confirm. RyanSmithAT : @chrisheinonen Worth it. ganeshts : @thesajuukkhar @david_schor @IanCutress I would really like to see some AMD 3000 customer for the low-power SKUs co… https://t.co/tYLJlGhG4v. ganeshts : @david_schor @IanCutress Agreed ref. AVX-512 in power-constrained use-cases where D-1500 is a fit. ganeshts : @david_schor @IanCutress Would the AMD 3000 series be a better alternative at the power-point compared to the D-150… https://t.co/h48dc2JTaf. RyanSmithAT : @NickersFpdx @NWSPortland WSR-88D (NEXRAD). They aren't made any mo… https://t.co/JoZv8ZcnLg. RyanSmithAT : RT @IanCutress: Intel's 'discrete GPU prototype' isn't a GPU prototype. It's a test platform for new power management. andreif7 : @DoctarSwag @handleym99 @pcman2000 He's talking utter nonsense. The PMIC limits the current into the battery, if th… https://t.co/jxgOfmrJv1. RyanSmithAT : @NWSPortland Speaking of temperatures, what is going on in the mid-valley? Salem & co are still above freezing and… https://t.co/KeRKcCdj8Y. ganeshts : @GRbUF8qUqYB4iPy @FanlessTech @ZOTAC I am curious whether they did the teardown after the overheating failure, or,… https://t.co/Zq1Z1DvJk0. The Most Trusted in Tech Since 1997. Don't have an account? Sign up now. By continuing to use the site and/or by logging into your account, you agree to the Site’s updated Terms of Use and Privacy Policy .. 
GSM / HSPA / EVDO / LTE. GSM 850 / 900 / 1800 / 1900 - SIM 1 & SIM 2. HSDPA 850 / 900 / 1900 / 2100. LTE band 1(2100), 3(1800), 7(2600), 38(2600), 39(1900), 40(2300), 41(2500). 147.7 x 70.8 x 7.3 mm (5.81 x 2.79 x 0.29 in). Super AMOLED capacitive touchscreen, 16M colors. 5.2 inches, 74.9 cm 2 (~71.6% screen-to-body ratio). 1080 x 1920 pixels, 16:9 ratio (~423 ppi density). Deca-core (2x2.5 GHz Cortex-A72, 4x2 GHz Cortex-A53, 4x1.4 GHz Cortex-A53). 21 MP (f/2.2, 31mm, 1/2.4"), phase detection & laser autofocus, ten-LED dual-tone flash, check quality. Geo-tagging, touch focus, face detection, HDR, panorama. 5 MP (f/2.0, 1.4 µm), 1080p. - Active noise cancellation with dedicated mic. Wi-Fi 802.11 a/b/g/n/ac, dual-band, WiFi Direct, hotspot. Fingerprint (front-mounted), accelerometer, gyro, proximity, compass, barometer. SMS(threaded view), MMS, Email, Push Mail, IM. - Fast battery charging: 26% in 10 min/ 100% in 60 min. Gray, Gold, Silver, Flames Red, Rose Gold. Basemark OS II: 1446 / Basemark OS II 2.0: 1919 Basemark X: 15209. Contrast ratio: 40000:1 (nominal), 3.659 (sunlight). Voice 64dB / Noise 71dB / Ring 89dB. We can not guarantee that the information on this page is 100% correct. Meizu Pro 6 - user opinions and reviews. there are times the GPS needs calibration. but most of the time it's decent-ish.. the GPS is pretty decent tbh. it does it's work and calibrate fairly fast. it does needs help from WIFI and the cellular antennas when the distance error marginality is large. not as crappy as everyone claim.. Do u have any problem with the gps fix&#65311;. Samsung Apple Nokia Sony LG HTC Motorola Huawei Microsoft Lenovo Xiaomi Google Acer Asus Oppo OnePlus Meizu BlackBerry Alcatel ZTE Toshiba Vodafone Energizer XOLO Lava Micromax BLU Gionee vivo LeEco Panasonic HP YU verykool Maxwest Plum. Meizu MX6 Meizu Pro 6s Meizu Pro 6 Plus Meizu Pro 7 Xiaomi Mi A1 Meizu PRO 5. Meizu M6s Meizu M6 Note Meizu Pro 7 Plus Meizu M5 Meizu M3 Note Meizu M2. 
Samsung Galaxy S9 arrives today: 5 things to know. The State of 5G: When It's Coming, How Fast It Will Be & The Sci-Fi Future It Will Enable. Samsung unveils its camera-focused Galaxy S9 handsets. A second save slot in Metal Gear Survive costs $10. Of all the products I’ve used from Chinese OEMs, those from Meizu always struck me as the most polished. While Meizu largely focuses on their home market, their smartphones are typically quite usable in Western territories, with near-perfect English localization. Better yet, Meizu employs a Xiaomi-like pricing structure such that most of their phones are aggressively priced for the hardware you get.. The Pro 6 Plus is the highest-end smartphone currently sold by Meizu. It’s a true flagship, featuring the same Exynos SoC as seen in the Samsung Galaxy S7 , a large 5.7-inch 1440p AMOLED display, and a beautiful aluminium unibody chassis. Even the camera, a 12-megapixel sensor with OIS and laser autofocus, is similar to what we see in high-end devices from Samsung, Google and Huawei.. Despite packing top-end specifications, the Meizu Pro 6 Plus is an affordable handset in China, retailing for just CNY 2,999 (approximately US$430). It may cost a bit more than this to import the Pro 6 Plus into North America, but the handset should be available across Europe and Asia shortly. At this price, the Pro 6 Plus undercuts most of its competition, and directly competes with the OnePlus 3T .. The Pro 6 Plus features one of the most beautiful smartphone designs I’ve seen. Meizu often nails the design of their entry-level products, but they’ve really hit it out of the park with their flagship offering. At the top of the table there’s a lot of tough competition, and throughout 2016 I saw fantastic designs from OnePlus, Samsung, Apple and HTC (to name a few). The Pro 6 Plus packs a design just as good as these ‘name brand’ handsets, and even beats it in some circumstances.. Most of the Pro 6 Plus’ chassis is a single piece of metal, which encompasses the entire back panel and curves around the edges. The only parts of this rear panel that aren’t metal are the neat antenna lines at the top and bottom, along with the camera lens and flash array. The quality of metal used here is top notch: its matte finish looks exquisite and feels fantastic. I appreciate the minimalist design as well, which puts this metal on display without interference from plastic sections or separate panels.. For a large phone, the Pro 6 Plus is remarkably ergonomic. The metal back curves perfectly into the edges, creating a comfortable rounded edge that makes the phone sit well in your hand. The phone is thin at 7.3mm, and surprisingly light at 158 grams, which helps with portability. In comparison, the ill-fated Galaxy Note 7 is slightly thicker and heavier for a similar battery capacity, while the iPhone 7 Plus is very similar in size but includes a smaller 5.5-inch display. The Pro 6 Plus doesn’t include the slimmest bezels I’ve seen, though they’re much slimmer than the monstrous bezels on the iPhone.. The front of this phone is a massive piece of smooth glass, again curved to perfection along the edges for a swooshable touchscreen experience. Most of this front panel is occupied by the display – the Pro 6 Plus has a screen-to-body ration of 74% – although there is a speaker, camera and some sensors above the display, plus a fingerprint sensor below the display.. I generally prefer rear fingerprint sensors compared to front sensors, but the position here isn’t bad. The sensor is fast and reasonably accurate, and while it’s not quite as good as the sensor found on the Google Pixel or the iPhone 7 , it serves its purpose well. The sensor doubles as both a home and back button: clicking the sensor returns home, while tapping it like a touchscreen goes back. This functionality is included because, like other Meizu phones, there are no physical or on-screen navigation buttons to accompany the single home/back button.. I strongly prefer a full array of navigation buttons for home, back, and recent apps, but it only takes a few weeks to fully adjust to Meizu’s navigation scheme. The main downside with this scheme is accessing the recent apps slider for multitasking, which requires swiping up from the bottom of the display. This is somewhat awkward and not as easy to activate as simply tapping a button.. The fingerprint sensor is also supposed to double as a heart rate monitor, but I couldn’t find any software included on the device (or any popular third party apps) that supported this feature. Meizu says this feature will be introduced in a second. The position of the fingerprint sensor on the Pro 6 Plus means there is no stereo front facing speakers on this device. Instead, there is a single bottom-firing speaker of mediocre quality and volume. During landscape phone usage, particularly while gaming, this speaker is easy to block, so you’ll have to watch the position of your fingers at times.. The bottom edge takes design inspiration from the iPhone 6s Plus and the Galaxy S7 Edge. In the center is a USB-C port for charging and data transfers, flanked by iPhone-like exposed pentalobe screws. This USB port supports USB 3.1 for fast data transfers, which is rare in smartphones despite most laptops supporting at least USB 3.1 through their USB-C ports. The speaker grille is on the right here, with a similar design to the Galaxy S7 Edge, while the important 3.5mm headphone jack is on the left.. With all the ports found along the bottom edge of the Pro 6 Plus, the top is left relatively free, except for a single microphone.. The Pro 6 Plus comes with a single tray on the left hand side that supports two nano-SIM cards. There is no microSD card slot included on this device, although you’ll get 64 GB of internal storage as standard with the option to upgrade to 128 GB. While I would have preferred to see a microSD card slot here, 64 GB of storage should be plenty for most users, and the 128 GB model is reasonably priced.. The State of 5G: When It's Coming, How Fast It Will Be & The Sci-Fi Future It Will Enable. Galaxy S9 unveiled: it's all about the new cameras. 44 GPU Fortnite Benchmark: Best for playing Battle Royale. Budget Overclocking Guide: Ryzen 3 2200G. Razer Blade Stealth Review + Razer Core V2 eGPU. Got something to say? Post a comment. What kind of case and thermal paste should I get?. iOS 11.0.1 seems to be causing issues [updated]. A question about installing OS on NVME. Tech Primer: What you need to know about DDR4 memory. Add your comment to this article. You need to be a member to leave a comment. Join thousands of tech enthusiasts and participate.. Sign up for free , it takes 30 seconds.. Already have an account? Login now .. Terms of Use Privacy Policy Advertise Powered by. 
• One stop service: solve all your problems. • Orders Tracking and shipped out notification. • Need help before making an order?. • Chat with us in real-time. • For Aftersale issues, just submit a ticket. We will reply within 24 hours. Meizu Pro 6 Plus Meizu Pro 6 Exynos Mi5s Plus 4g Phablet Oukitel Plus 4g Phablet. Register on GearBest: Earn 50 points. Related Recommendations Recommended Products for You. Customers Who Bought This Item Also Bought. MEIZU Pro 6 Plus 4G Phablet. Android 6.0 Exynos 8890 Heart Rate Measurement. 4GB RAM + 64 GB ROM. Shipping fee will not be included in the instalment amount. Orders contain interest-free products and other Non-interest-free products will not enjoy insterest-free privilege. Receipient’s address must be Brazil to use instalment. OnePlus 5T 4G Phablet International Version. Xiaomi Mi 6 4G Smartphone International Version. Xiaomi Redmi Note 4X 4G Phablet. LeEco Le S3 X626 4G Phablet International Version. Xiaomi Redmi Note 5A 4G Phablet Global Version. MEIZU Pro 6 Plus 4G Phablet. Get these Essentials for Your Product. Tip: Unlocked for Worldwide use. Please ensure local area network is compatible. click here for Network Frequency of your country. Please check with your carrier/provider before purchasing this item. Notice: This Android/Windows device is designed to function specifically with the current Android/Windows OS installed on it. Any alterations such as upgrades, modding with custom ROMs, rooting or flashing the Android device with other firmware will automatically void the device's warranty. MEIZU Pro 6 Plus 5.7 inch Android 6.0 4G Phablet Exynos 8890 Octa Core 2.3GHz Fingerprint Scanner HiFi Type-C Main Features: Display: 5.7 inch 2560 x 1440 pixels ( 2K ) On-cell screen with 518 PPI and 30cd/m² brightness, super AMOLED display CPU: Exynos 8890 processor, 2.3GHz x 4 + ARM Cortex-A53 1.6GHz x 4 ARM System: Android 6.0 Cameras: front 5.0MP with f/2.0 aperture + rear 12.0MP with AF and 10-LED circular dual-tone ring flash, f/2.0 aperture Bluetooth: BT4.1 Features: GLONASS, GPS, A-GPS, Digital Compass, Ambient Light Sensor, Gravity Sensor, Proximity Sensor, Gyroscope, Heart Rate Measurement, 0.15s mTouch Sensor, HiFi SIM Card: dual SIM dual standby, dual nano SIM cards Network: 2G: GSM B2/3/5/8 CDMA BC0 3G: WCDMA B1/2/5/8 TD-SCDMA B34/39 4G: FDD-LTE B1/3/7 TD-LTE B38/39/40/41. SIM Card Slot: Dual SIM,Dual Standby. SIM Card Type: Dual Nano SIM. Optional Version: 4GB RAM + 64GB/128GB ROM. Pixels Per Inch (PPI): 518 PPI. Camera type: Dual cameras (one front one back). Back camera: 12.0MP,with flash light and AF. I/O Interface: 2 x Nano SIM Slot,3.5mm Audio Out Port,Micophone,Speaker,Type-C. Sensor: Ambient Light Sensor,E-Compass,Gravity Sensor,Gyroscope,Proximity Sensor. Additional Features: 3G,4G,Alarm,Bluetooth,Browser,Calculator,Calendar,Fingerprint recognition,Fingerprint Unlocking,MP3,MP4,People,Video Call,Wi-Fi. Product size: 15.56 x 7.73 x 0.73 cm / 6.13 x 3.04 x 0.29 inches. Package size: 19.50 x 13.00 x 7.00 cm / 7.68 x 5.12 x 2.76 inches. Download your favorite apps through the Google Play Store or Market installed. Note: This smart phone is designed only to work with the current Android/Windows OS installed in it. Any alterations such as upgrades or flashing a newer version will void the warranty. The stated ROM amount shows the maximum available ROM with nothing installed. However, the Android/Windows OS and pre-installed software from the manufacturer will occupy some of this ROM. The available ROM on the device will therefore be slightly less than the ROM listed.. FAQ for MEIZU Pro 6 Plus 4G Phablet. Sponsored Products Related to This Item. Will this phone work in my country?. What is the IMEI number of this device?. How to revive any dead phone battery?. Why do 16GB phones only have 12GB storage available?. Why can't I hear any sound when making or receiving a call?. Can this item be shipped to my country?. What is the SAR value of the phone?. This is based on the phone network frequency bands, for more details:. 4 steps to know whether a phone will work in your country. We cannot provide IMEI (international mobile equipment identity) numbers because each cell phone will be given a unique set of numbers after its assembly, We can't open the packaging.. Related post about finding Xiaomi smartphone IMEI:. There are four ways to revive dead phone battery, refer to post:. 4 secret ways to revive any dead phone battery. Related post: Why do 16GB phones only have 12GB storage available. Make sure the protective film has been removed completely;. Try to turn up the volume of the handset;. Try to change mobile signal in your area might be poor;. If you cannot hear the voice of the receiver, it might be the problem of the receiver's phone or signal.. We can deliver orders to most countries. For a detailed explanation of each shipping method, destination and approximate delivery time, please check our website:. GearBest shipping memo: save money on delivery by choosing the best option. We have listed the SAR value of some cell phones, you can refer to it:. Be the FIRST to Ask a Question. Want GB Points? Just Write a Review!. Be the FIRST to Ask a Question. Want GB Points? Just Write a Review!. Be the FIRST to Ask a Question. Want GB Points? Just Write a Review!. Be the FIRST to Ask a Question. Want GB Points? Just Write a Review!. Be the FIRST to Ask a Question. Want GB Points? Just Write a Review!. Be the FIRST to Ask a Question. Want GB Points? Just Write a Review!. 0 Questions & Answers View All. Elephone P8 3D 4G Phablet 4GB RAM. Elephone P4000 MTK6735 64bit Android 5.1 4G LTE Sm.... Elephone Blitz Qualcomm Certification 3.0 Power Ad.... Original Elephone U Pro Fast Charger Adapter. Original Elephone PU Leather Full Body Case Protec.... Original Elephone U Scratch-resistant PC Back Case. Original Elephone U / U Pro Scratch-resistant Prot.... Original Elephone U PRO Scratch-resistant Cover Case. Original Elephone Anti-drop TPU Phone Back Case fo.... Base on 0 Customer Reviews. Share your thoughts with other customers Write a review. Get GB Points! Be the FIRST to Write a Review!. Get GB Points! Be the FIRST to Write a Review!. Get GB Points! Be the FIRST to Write a Review!. After confirming your payment, we usually ship products out within 24 business hours. However, sometimes due to large transaction volumes or other order issues, we may require up to 3 working days to process orders. You will receive a notification email as soon as your product(s) have been dispatched.. Unregistered Air Mail or Registered Air Mail. Spain, United Kingdom, Italy, Germany, France & Portugal. Netherlands, Greece, Poland, Hungary, Slovakia, Czech Republic. Spain, United Kingdom, Italy, Germany, France & Portugal. GW Warehouse: Typically 3-5 days to the UK, 3-7 days to other European countries. USA Warehouse: Generally, 3-7 days to a USA address. ES Warehouse: Generally, 2-5 days to the Spain, 3-7 days to the Portugal. Shipping from warehouse nearest to shipping address is faster. Note: The above shipping time are calculated by using calendar days. This is a general guide and delays maybe caused force majeure, natural disasters, inclement weather, war, public holidays, and factors outside our control. The most convenient payment method in the world.. For orders which exceed $1,500,please contact us at support@gearbest.com. Note: please email us the order number,the amount transferred along with currency type,and the exact date of the wire transfer.. Please contact us at support@gearbest.com for details. Note: please email us the following information after you have paid via Westem Union: · Control Number(10 digits) · The exact amount sent along with the currency · Name of sender. There are two key factors which will affect the time you receive your items.. Gearbest.com accepts PayPal,Credit Cards,Wire Transfer and Westem Union as secure payment methods.. *Please let us know as much as possible about your inquiry so that we can assist you with your specific needs. We are always happy to help wherever possible.. Please note: the standard and expedited shipping costs are only estimates; the actual shipping price will be shown on the order page.. At Gearbest we work hard to ensure we can offer our customers high quality products at the lowest possible price. If you purchase a Gearbest product and find that the price has dropped within 72 hours of paying the order, we will refund the difference - no questions asked. Simply contact our Customer Service team at our Support Center with the details. Please note that our 72 hours Price Protection Program does not apply to Flash Deal products.. Prices may fluctuate due to page caches, updates or sales ending; the most up-to-date price takes priority.. ALL prices listed on GearBest exclude taxes, import fees, and customs duties. Customers may be subject to these fees.. Vaild for 72 Hour(s) after receiving.please check it in your GB Account - My Coupon .. FAQ & Support Terms and Conditions. Newsletter GearBest respects your privacy. Copyright ©2014-2018 Gearbest.com All Rights Reserved.. 
All Mobiles Computers TV Appliances Care Best Products Upcoming Mobiles News Deals Cashback. Mobile Phones / Meizu / Meizu Pro 6 Plus Price in India. Updated On: 26th February 2018. 0 User Ratings 0 Questions & Answers. Has a 5.7-inch Super AMOLED 4K resolution display. Runs Android 6.0 with Flyme 6.0 UI , on an octa-core Exynos 8890 chipset. Next variants of the mobile are Meizu Pro 7 and Meizu Pro 7 Plus. Has a 4GB RAM and 64GB of storage. Rear camera is 12MP with OIS, PDAF, LED flash, HDR , while front camera is 5MP with FHD recording. Fuelled by a 3,400mAh non-removable Li-ion battery. Dual nano-SIM phone supports 4G, 3G, Wi-Fi 802.11 a/b/g/n/ac, Bluetooth 4.2, USB Type-C, GPS, fingerprint sensor .. Key Specifications 4GB RAM 64GB internal storage 3400 mAh battery 12 M.Pixels rear & 5 M.Pixels selfie 5.7 inch screen Dual SIM (Nano SIM) Android OS, v6.0 (Marshmallow). Meizu Pro 6 Plus Price in India. Meizu Pro 6 Plus Price starts at Rs. The Meizu Pro 6 Plus is the new and improved successor of the Pro 6 with a larger screen, updated OS and battery.. The Pro 6 Plus has a 5.7-inch Super AMOLED display with 4K resolution that shows excellent quality media. The display has the added advantage of providing legibility at skewed viewing angles. 2.5D curved Corning Gorilla Glass protects the display. In terms of design, the phone is 7.3 mm thick and weighs 160 grams. The phone features a capacitive home button. The device is available in gold, grey and silver colors.. The Pro 6 Plus runs Meizu s own Flyme 6.0 UI on top of Marshmallow 6.0. The Pro 6 Plus is the first device to feature the latest Flyme 6.0 UI. The device is powered by an Exynos 8890 chipset that bears a 4GB RAM and an octa-core processor clocked at a maximum speed of 2.3 GHz that ensures smooth performance with speed. The Pro 6 Plus is equipped with 64GB of storage capacity. A Mali-T880 MP10 GPU handles graphics.. The primary camera is 12-megapixels and comes with some useful add-ons like OIS to correct shaky images, PDAF for quickly focussing on and capturing images, and dual-LED flash for mobile photography in low-light conditions. The rear camera is capable of recording in HD and 4K at 30fps. The secondary camera is 5-megapixels that captures simple images and can record videos in Full HD resolution. A 3,400mAh Li-ion non-removable battery powers the phone for over a day.. The phone can hold dual nano-SIM cards of which one run 4G LTE while the other runs 3G. The device also supports Bluetooth 4.2, Wi-Fi 802.11 a/b/g/n/ac, and features a USB Type-C port. GPS is supported by A-GPS, BDS and GLONASS. The home button also functions as a fingerprint sensor.. Meizu Pro 6 Plus Specifications Display Resolution 1440x2560 pixels Display Type Super AMOLED Size (in inches) 5.7 Pixel Density 515 pixels per inch (ppi) Touchscreen type Capacitive Color Reproduction 16M Colors Screen to body percentage 74.5 % Design and Build Dimensions 6.1 x 3.0 x 0.2 inches Weight 158 grams Software Operating System Android OS, v6.0 (Marshmallow) Camera Primary 12 M.Pixels Front 5 M.Pixels Video [email. protected] Storage Internal 64GB RAM 4GB Expandable No Battery Type Li-Ion Capacity 3400 mAh Connectivity Bluetooth v4.1 with A2DP Wi-Fi Yes with dual-band, WiFi Direct, hotspot 3G Yes USB v3.1, Type-C 1.0 2G Yes 4G Yes SIM Configuration Dual SIM (Nano SIM) GPS Yes NFC Chipset Yes Infrared No Wired v3.1, Type-C 1.0 Processor Architecture Cortex-A53 No of Cores 8 (Octa Core) Make Exynos 8890 Frequency 2.0 GHz (Quad Core) + 1.5 GHz (Quad Core) GPU Mali-T880 MP10 Sensors Proximity Yes Accelerometer Yes Gyroscope Yes Ambient Light No Sound Loudspeaker Yes Headphones Yes. Please ask the question in above box. User Reviews of Meizu Pro 6 Plus. 0 Ratings 0 Reviews. 5 0. 4 0. 3 0. 2 0. 1 0. Rate & review this product and help other customers. Meizu mobile price list in India. Panasonic P100 price in India (Rs. Nokia 2 price in India (Rs. Mobile Phones in Price Range Similar to Price of Meizu Pro 6 Plus. Meizu Pro 6 Plus appears on Geekbench with 4GB RAM and Android 6.0. Meizu seems to be working on multiple smartphones It already hasthe high-end Meizu X and the mid-range Meizu M5 Note in the development pipeline The company has confirmed that it will announce the Meizu X on November 30 and the Meizu M5 Noteon the 6th of December We exclusively reported the app. Meizu Pro 6 Plus with 5.7-inch display, Exynos 8890 processor, 4GB RAM goes official in China. Apart from the Meizu X Chinese manufacturer Meizu has announced another smartphone today The Meizu Pro 6 Plus is the latest offering from the company in itsPro series lineupThe smartphone was already leaked on Geekbenchwhich had given us a hint of its specifications The main highlights of th. Meizu Pro 6 Plus Price in India. All prices in the above table are in Indian Rupees. Cashback will not be credited for purchases in Amazon. The latest price of Meizu Pro 6 Plus was obtained on 26th February 2018 07:51:35 The Meizu Pro 6 Plus is available in The price is valid in all major cities of India including Bangalore, Hyderabad, Chennai, Mumbai, Delhi and Pune. Please check instructions at the specific stores for any deviation. Buy Meizu Pro 6 Plus online in India for the lowest price. You can also avail the options of Cash on Delivery (COD) and EMI on purchase of this product.. Meizu Pro 6 Plus Price in India is Rs. 2,249 as on 26th February 2018 07:51:35. Earn extra cashback on every purchase. Visit BonusApp → Shop → Get cashback. Xiaomi Blackshark LG K10 Plus 2018 Micromax X507 Micromax Canvas Music M1. LG K10 Alpha 2018 Micromax X726 Karbonn A9 Indian 4G Videocon V502430. Upcoming Mobiles Gadget News & Reviews Compare Mobiles Big Billion Day 2017. Contact Us Privacy Terms of Use Blog. © 2017 MySmartPrice Web Technology Private Limited. Made with ❤ in. 
JavaScript seems to be disabled in your browser. You must have JavaScript enabled in your browser to utilize the functionality of this website.. You have no items in your shopping cart.. Meizu Pro 6 Plus (4GB / 128GB) - Gold. Meizu Pro 6 Plus (4GB / 64GB) - Grey. Meizu Pro 6 Plus (4GB / 64GB) - Gold. Meizu Pro 6 Plus (4GB / 128GB) - Grey. Meizu Pro 6 Plus (4GB / 128GB) - Silver. Meizu Pro 6 Plus (4GB / 64GB) - Silver. You have no items in your shopping cart.. You have no items to compare.. 
We are shipping from EU Warehouse. Leave this field empty if you're human:. Get notified about sales and new products. We are shipping from EU Warehouse. Cart / $ 0.00. The product is already in the wishlist!. Home / Meizu. Choose an option Silver Champagne Gold Gray. Choose an option 4GB RAM + 64GB ROM 4GB RAM + 128GB ROM Clear. $ 469.00 – $ 549.00. 5.7 inch Super AMOLED capacitive touchscreen, 1440 x 2560 pixels (~515 ppi pixel density). 12 MP, f/2.0, OIS (4-axis), phase detection & laser autofocus, ten-LED (dual tone) flash. Non-removable 34000 mAh battery with fast charging. United States dollar ($) - USD. Meizu Pro 6 Plus smartphone was launched in November 2016. The phone comes with a 5.70-inch touchscreen display with a resolution of 1440 pixels by 2560 pixels.. The Meizu Pro 6 Plus is powered by 2GHz octa-core Exynos 8890 processor and it comes with 4GB of RAM. The phone packs 64/128GB of internal storage cannot be expanded. As far as the cameras are concerned, the Meizu Pro 6 Plus packs a 12-megapixel primary camera on the rear and a 5-megapixel front shooter for selfies.. The Meizu Pro 6 Plus runs Android 6.0 and is powered by a 3400mAh non-removable battery. It measures 155.60 x 77.30 x 7.30 (height x width x thickness) and weigh 158.00 grams.. Champagne Gold, Sky Grey, Moonlight Silver. Please insert the code above to comment. Notify of new replies to this comment. Which system is uploaded there, global or china. Please insert the code above to comment. Notify of new replies to this comment. Global Multilanguage ROM with Google Play Store installed.. Please insert the code above to comment. Notify of new replies to this comment. Which version of global Rom? Does it support OTA update?. Please insert the code above to comment. Notify of new replies to this comment. It’s the official Meizu Flyme OS. Please insert the code above to comment. Notify of new replies to this comment. The product is already in the wishlist!. $ 219.00 – $ 299.00. The product is already in the wishlist!. The product is already in the wishlist!. $ 479.00 – $ 599.00. The product is already in the wishlist!. $ 139.00 – $ 169.00. The product is already in the wishlist!. $ 169.00 – $ 319.00. The product is already in the wishlist!. $ 139.00 – $ 159.00. The product is already in the wishlist!. $ 139.00 – $ 149.00. The product is already in the wishlist!. $ 179.00 – $ 249.00. Supplying Xiaomi, Lenovo, Motorola, Huawei, Meizu, ZTE smartphones at affordable prices from EU Warehouse.. Xiaomi Mi Note 2 is now available for pre-order!. Comments Off on Xiaomi Mi Note 2 is now available for pre-order!. Xiaomi Mi Mix is now available for pre-order!. Comments Off on Xiaomi Mi Mix is now available for pre-order!. Comments Off on Welcome to EuDirect Shop!. Leave this field empty if you're human:. Get notified about sales and new products. Copyright 2018 © EuDirect Shop. Username or email address *. 
(Redirected from Meizu pro 6 plus ). Hardware and design [ edit ]. This article is an orphan , as no other articles link to it. Please introduce links to this page from related articles ; try the Find link tool for suggestions. The Meizu PRO 6 Plus is a smartphone designed and produced by the Chinese manufacturer Meizu , which runs on Flyme OS, Meizu's modified Android operating system. It is the company's latest model of the flagship PRO series, succeeding the Meizu PRO 6. It was unveiled on November 2016.. The Meizu PRO 6 Plus was released with an updated version of Flyme OS, a modified operating system based on Android Lollipop. It features an alternative, flat design and improved one-handed usability.. The Meizu PRO 6 features a Samsung Exynos 8890 with an array of eight ARM Cortex CPU cores, an ARM Mali -T880 MP10 GPU for internal storage 64 GB and ARM Mali-T880 MP12 GPU for Internal Storage 128GB, both of them using RAM 4GB high speed LPDDR4 which scores a result of 110.000 points on the AnTuTu benchmark. The rear camera comes with 12 megapixels with ƒ / 2.0 large aperture while the front camera is 5 megapixels with ƒ / 2.0 aperture. Meizu PRO 6 Plus is a dual SIM smartphone that accepts. Connectivity options include Wi-Fi , GPS, Bluetooth, NFC and 4G. Sensors on the phone include Proximity sensor , Accelerometer and Ambient light sensor .. Meizu PRO 6 Plus is available for sale since November 2016, Meizu selling mobile phone for online and Offline in some countries. Online sales in Asia, only two are India and Israel, Europe is in; France, Italy, Russia, Spain, Ukraine, United Kingdom, South America: Brazil; Oceania: New Zealand. While sales Offline served only at Brunie, Myanmar, Cambodia, New Zealand, and Sri Lanka.. Hidden categories: Orphaned articles from January 2017 All orphaned articles. Not logged in Talk Contributions Create account Log in. Main page Contents Featured content Current events Random article Donate to Wikipedia Wikipedia store. Help About Wikipedia Community portal Recent changes Contact page. What links here Related changes Upload file Special pages Permanent link Page information Wikidata item Cite this page. Create a book Download as PDF Printable version. This page was last edited on 19 February 2018, at 09:12. Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License ;. By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc. 
• One stop service: solve all your problems. • Orders Tracking and shipped out notification. • Need help before making an order?. • Chat with us in real-time. • For Aftersale issues, just submit a ticket. We will reply within 24 hours. Huawei Honor 4g Micro Wireless Umi Plus 4g Phablet Two Arc. Register on GearBest: Earn 50 points. > Mobile Phones > Cell Phones > Meizu Pro 6 Plus. Wkae Soft Flexible TPU Back Cover Case Shockproof Protective Shell with Bling Glitter Sparkles and Kickstand for Meizu Meilan Pro 6 Plus. Wkae Soft Flexible TPU Back Cover Case Shockproof Protective Shell with Bling Glitter Sparkles and Kickstand for Meizu Meilan Pro 6 Plus. Wkae Soft Flexible TPU Back Cover Case Shockproof Protective Shell with Bling Glitter Sparkles and Kickstand for Meizu Meilan Pro 6 Plus. Wkae Soft Flexible TPU Back Cover Case Shockproof Protective Shell with Bling Glitter Sparkles and Kickstand for Meizu Meilan Pro 6 Plus. Wkae Soft Flexible TPU Back Cover Case Shockproof Protective Shell with Bling Glitter Sparkles and Kickstand for Meizu Meilan Pro 6 Plus. Durable Retro Style Solid Color Flip PU Leather Wallet Case for Meizu Pro 6 Plus. Durable Retro Style Solid Color Flip PU Leather Wallet Case for Meizu Pro 6 Plus. Durable Retro Style Solid Color Flip PU Leather Wallet Case for Meizu Pro 6 Plus. Durable Retro Style Solid Color Flip PU Leather Wallet Case for Meizu Pro 6 Plus. Durable Retro Style Solid Color Flip PU Leather Wallet Case for Meizu Pro 6 Plus. FAQ & Support Terms and Conditions. Newsletter GearBest respects your privacy. Copyright ©2014-2018 Gearbest.com All Rights Reserved.. 
