GSM 850 / 900 / 1800 / 1900 - SIM 1 & SIM 2. HSDPA 850 / 900 / 1900 / 2100. 141.9 x 69.6 x 7.9 mm (5.59 x 2.74 x 0.31 in). IPS LCD capacitive touchscreen, 16M colors. 5.0 inches, 68.9 cm 2 (~69.8% screen-to-body ratio). 720 x 1280 pixels, 16:9 ratio (~294 ppi density). Octa-core (4x1.5 GHz Cortex-A53 & 4x1.0 GHz Cortex-A53). 32 GB, 3 GB RAM or 16 GB, 2 GB RAM. 13 MP, f/2.2, phase detection autofocus, dual-LED dual-tone flash. Geo-tagging, touch focus, face detection, HDR, panorama. - Active noise cancellation with dedicated mic. Fingerprint (front-mounted), accelerometer, gyro, proximity, compass. SMS(threaded view), MMS, Email, Push Mail, IM. We can not guarantee that the information on this page is 100% correct. Meizu U10 - user opinions and reviews. It does have a card slot. It is shared with second SIM. Phone is quality made and I like the size - fits perfectly in hand. You need a cover, because it is made from glass.. Whats is the FCC ID or CMIIT ID number of meizu U 10. Samsung Apple Nokia Sony LG HTC Motorola Huawei Microsoft Lenovo Xiaomi Google Acer Asus Oppo OnePlus Meizu BlackBerry Alcatel ZTE Toshiba Vodafone Energizer XOLO Lava Micromax BLU Gionee vivo LeEco Panasonic HP YU verykool Maxwest Plum. Meizu U20 Xiaomi Redmi 4 (4X) Xiaomi Redmi 4 (China) Meizu M2 Xiaomi Redmi Note 4 Meizu M3s. Meizu M6s Meizu M6 Note Meizu Pro 7 Plus Meizu M5 Meizu M3 Note Meizu M2. 
GSM , UMTS , HSPA , LTE. 24, 2016 ; 17 months ago. Flyme OS, based on Android 6.0 Marshmallow. ARM Mali-T860 MP2. 2 or 3 GB LPDDR3. 16 or 32 GB flash memory. microSD slot (up to 128 GB). 2760 mAh Li-Ion rechargeable battery , not replaceable. Multi-touch capacitive touchscreen , A-GPS , GLONASS , Accelerometer , Gyroscope , Proximity sensor , Digital compass , Ambient light sensor. 720x1280 px (296 ppi ). 13.0 MP , PDAF autofocus , ƒ/2.2 aperture , LED flash, 1080p30 recording. 5.0 MP , ƒ/2.0 aperture. mm TRS connector , Bluetooth 4.1 with BLE , Dual-band WiFi ( 802.11 a / b / g / n / ac ). Dual SIM support with dual standby mode. Hardware and design [ edit ]. ( Learn how and when to remove this template message ). Please help improve it or discuss these issues on the talk page. ( Learn how and when to remove these template messages ). This article includes a list of references , but its sources remain unclear because it has insufficient inline citations. Please help to improve this article by introducing more precise citations. (September 2016) ( Learn how and when to remove this template message ). This article relies largely or entirely on a single source. Please help improve this article by introducing citations to additional sources. The Meizu U10 is a smartphone designed and produced by the Chinese manufacturer Meizu , which runs on Flyme OS, Meizu’s modified Android operating system. It was introduced together with the Meizu U20 as part of the new U series of Meizu on August 24, 2016.. 2.2 Hardware and design. There was little information known to the public before the launch of the device on August 24, 2016. Unlike previous Meizu devices, the U series was silently launched through the official Meizu website without an actual launch event. The Meizu U10 was released with an updated version of Flyme OS, a modified operating system based on Android Marshmallow. It features an alternative, flat design and improved one-handed usability.. The Meizu U10 features a MediaTek MT6750 system-on-a-chip with an array of eight ARM Cortex-A53 CPU cores, an ARM Mali-T860 MP2 GPU and 2 or 3 GB of RAM .. The U10 is available in four different colors (white, black, champagne gold and rose gold) and comes with either 2 GB of RAM and 16 GB of internal storage or with 3 GB of RAM and 32 GB of internal storage.. The Meizu U10 has a full-metal frame, while the front and the back are made out of glass. It has a slate form factor , being rectangular with rounded corners and has only one central physical button at the front. Unlike most other Android smartphones, the U10 doesn’t have capacitive buttons nor on-screen buttons. The functionality of these keys is implemented using a technology called mBack, which makes use of gestures with the physical button. The U10 further extends this button by a fingerprint sensor called mTouch.. The U10 features a fully laminated 5-inch multi-touch capacitive touchscreen display with a HD resolution of 720 by 1280 pixels. The pixel density of the display is 296 ppi.. In addition to the touchscreen input and the front key, the device has volume/zoom control buttons and the power/lock button on the right side, a 3.5mm TRS audio jack on the top and a microUSB (Micro-B type) port on the bottom for charging and connectivity.. The Meizu U10 has two cameras. The rear camera has a resolution of 13 MP , a ƒ/2.2 aperture, a 5-element lens, phase-detection autofocus and an LED flash. The front camera has a resolution of 5 MP , a ƒ/2.0 aperture and a 4-element lens.. ^ "Meizu U10 website". ^ "Meizu Unveils YunOS-Powered U10 & U20 Handsets In China". Categories : Android (operating system) devices Mobile phones introduced in 2016 Touchscreen mobile phones Smartphones Meizu. Hidden categories: Articles lacking in-text citations from September 2016 All articles lacking in-text citations Articles needing additional references from September 2016 All articles needing additional references Articles with multiple maintenance issues. Not logged in Talk Contributions Create account Log in. Main page Contents Featured content Current events Random article Donate to Wikipedia Wikipedia store. Help About Wikipedia Community portal Recent changes Contact page. What links here Related changes Upload file Special pages Permanent link Page information Wikidata item Cite this page. Create a book Download as PDF Printable version. This page was last edited on 14 October 2016, at 14:28. Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License ;. By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc. 
Home Shop MWC News Reviews Features Opinions Videos The Gadgets 360 Show Cell Guru Prime Tech Smartphone Reviews Tech and Gadget Reviews How-To Videos Video Game Reviews and Features Top Lists by Gadgets 360 Unboxing and Hands-On Videos Podcasts Compare Mobiles Phone Finder DEALS. Mobiles Tablets Apps Gaming Cameras PC/Laptops AUDIO/VIDEO How To Telecom Science INDIA INTERNET SOCIAL MEDIA WEARABLES हिंदी. Acer Adcom Alcatel Apple Archos Asus BlackBerry Blu Celkon Coolpad Datawind Fly Gionee HTC Huawei iBall iBerry Idea InFocus Intex iVoomi Jivi Karbonn Lava LeEco Lenovo LG Lyf Maxx Mobile Meizu Micromax Microsoft Motorola MTS Nokia Obi Oppo Panasonic Philips Ringing Bells Samsung Sony Spice Swipe Videocon Vivo Wickedleak Xiaomi Xolo Yu Zen Ziox Zopo ZTE. Home Mobiles Phone Finder Meizu U10. SPECIFICATIONS USER REVIEWS NEWS. Share on Facebook Tweet Share Share Email Reddit. Meizu U10 The phone comes with a 5.00-inch touchscreen display The Meizu U10 is powered by octa-core processor and it comes with 2GB of RAM. The phone packs 16GB of internal storage that can be expanded up to 128GB via a microSD card. As far as the cameras are concerned, the Meizu U10 packs a 13-megapixel primary camera on the rear and a 5-megapixel front shooter for selfies. The Meizu U10 runs Android and is powered by a 2760mAh non removable battery. The Meizu U10 is a dual SIM (GSM and GSM) smartphone that accepts Nano-SIM and Nano-SIM. Connectivity options include Wi-Fi, GPS and 4G. Sensors on the phone include Proximity sensor, Accelerometer and Ambient light sensor.. Meizu U10, U20 Budget Android Smartphones With Fingerprint Scanner Launched. More Meizu mobiles Meizu mobiles price in India. Form factor Touchscreen Battery capacity (mAh) 2760 Removable battery No. Screen size (inches) 5.00 Touchscreen Yes. Processor octa-core RAM 2GB Internal storage 16GB Expandable storage Yes Expandable storage type microSD Expandable storage up to (GB) 128. Rear camera 13-megapixel Rear Flash Dual LED Front camera 5-megapixel. Wi-Fi Yes Wi-Fi standards supported 802.11 a/b/g/n GPS Yes Bluetooth No, v 4.10 NFC No Infrared No USB OTG No Headphones 3.5mm FM No Number of SIMs 2 SIM 1 SIM Type Nano-SIM GSM/CDMA GSM 3G No 4G/ LTE Yes Supports 4G in India (Band 40) No SIM 2 SIM Type Nano-SIM GSM/CDMA GSM 3G No 4G/ LTE No Supports 4G in India (Band 40) No. Compass/ Magnetometer No Proximity sensor Yes Accelerometer Yes Ambient light sensor Yes Gyroscope No Barometer No Temperature sensor No. Error or missing information? Please let us know. User ratings and reviews for Meizu U10. 0 Out of 5. 5 Star 4 Star 3 Star 2 Star 1 Star. Meizu U10, U20 Budget Android Smartphones With Fingerprint Scanner Launched. Meizu M6s Meizu M6 Meizu M6 Note Meizu Pro 7 Plus Meizu Pro 7 Meizu A5 Meizu M5c Meizu E2 Meizu M5s Meizu M5 Note Meizu Pro 6 Plus Meizu M3X Meizu Pro 6s Meizu M5 Meizu M3 Max Meizu U20 Meizu M3E Meizu MX6 Meizu m3s Meizu m3 Meizu Pro 6 Meizu m3 note Meizu MX5e Meizu Pro 5 Ubuntu Edition Meizu metal Meizu Pro 5 Meizu m2 Meizu MX5 Meizu MX4 Ubuntu Edition. Meizu M3s Meizu U10 vs. Meizu M3 Meizu U10 vs. Xiaomi Mi 4 Meizu U10 vs. Xiaomi Mi 4 Vivo Y21l vs. Lenovo K3 Note Meizu U10 vs. Asus Zenfone Pegasus 3 Meizu U10 vs. Xiaomi Mi 4 Meizu U10 vs. Meizu M3s Meizu U10 vs. Lenovo Sisley S90 Meizu U10 vs. Nokia 7 Plus Is an Android One Phone With Dual Rear Cameras, Zeiss Optics Samsung Galaxy S9, Galaxy S9+ With Improved Cameras, AR Emoji Launched Samsung Galaxy S9, Galaxy S9+ Pre-Orders Now Open in India Nokia 7 Plus vs Nokia 7 Nokia 8110 4G Is a 'Slider' Feature Phone With Google, Facebook Apps Sony Unveils Xperia Ear Duo to Answer Apple AirPods, Samsung Gear IconX This Is When the New Nokia Phones Will Launch in India OnePlus 5, OnePlus 5T HD Content Streaming Issue Fixed, With a Catch Vodafone to Offer 4.5GB Data Per Day for 28 Days at Rs. 799: Report Mi MIX 2S With Snapdragon 845 Confirmed by Xiaomi; Launching on March 27. Samsung phones price list Lyf phones price list Micromax phones price list Sony phones price list Htc phones price list Lenovo phones price list Intex phones price list Lava phones price list Apple phones price list Nokia phones price list Xolo phones price list Lg phones price list Vivo phones price list Oppo phones price list Gionee phones price list Motorola phones price list Blackberry phones price list Xiaomi phones price list. Sitemaps Archives Advertise About Us Feedback Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions Complaint Redressal Careers Contact Us RSS Ethics Meizu U10 in Hindi. © Copyright Red Pixels Ventures Limited 2018. Subject Comments. 
Our new search experience requires JavaScript to be enabled. Please enable JavaScript on your browser , then try again .. All Categories Antiques Art Baby Books Business & Industrial Cameras & Photo Cell Phones & Accessories Clothing, Shoes & Accessories Coins & Paper Money Collectibles Computers/Tablets & Networking Consumer Electronics Crafts Dolls & Bears DVDs & Movies eBay Motors Entertainment Memorabilia Gift Cards & Coupons Health & Beauty Home & Garden Jewelry & Watches Music Musical Instruments & Gear Pet Supplies Pottery & Glass Real Estate Specialty Services Sporting Goods Sports Mem, Cards & Fan Shop Stamps Tickets & Experiences Toys & Hobbies Travel Video Games & Consoles Everything Else. Hi ( Sign in to bid or buy) Daily Deals Gift Cards Help & Contact Sell. Summary Recently Viewed Bids/Offers Watch List Purchase History Selling Saved Searches Saved Sellers Messages. Refine your search for meizu u10. All Listings - Current page. Save meizu u10 to get e-mail alerts and updates on your eBay Feed.. Unfollow meizu u10 to stop getting updates on your eBay Feed.. You'll receive email and Feed alerts when new items arrive. Afghanistan - AFG Albania - ALB Algeria - DZA American Samoa - ASM Andorra - AND Angola - AGO Anguilla - AIA Antigua and Barbuda - ATG Argentina - ARG Armenia - ARM Aruba - ABW Australia - AUS Austria - AUT Azerbaijan Republic - AZE Bahamas - BHS Bahrain - BHR Bangladesh - BGD Barbados - BRB Belarus - BLR Belgium - BEL Belize - BLZ Benin - BEN Bermuda - BMU Bhutan - BTN Bolivia - BOL Bosnia and Herzegovina - BIH Botswana - BWA Brazil - BRA British Virgin Islands - VGB Brunei Darussalam - BRN Bulgaria - BGR Burkina Faso - BFA Burma - MMR Burundi - BDI Cambodia - KHM Cameroon - CMR Canada - CAN Cape Verde Islands - CPV Cayman Islands - CYM Central African Republic - CAF Chad - TCD Chile - CHL China - CHN Colombia - COL Comoros - COM Congo, Democratic Republic of the - COD Congo, Republic of the - COG Cook Islands - COK Costa Rica - CRI Cote d Ivoire (Ivory Coast) - CIV Croatia, Republic of - HRV Cyprus - CYP Czech Republic - CZE Denmark - DNK Djibouti - DJI Dominica - DMA Dominican Republic - DOM Ecuador - ECU Egypt - EGY El Salvador - SLV Equatorial Guinea - GNQ Eritrea - ERI Estonia - EST Ethiopia - ETH Falkland Islands (Islas Malvinas) - FLK Fiji - FJI Finland - FIN France - FRA French Guiana - GUF French Polynesia - PYF Gabon Republic - GAB Gambia - GMB Georgia - GEO Germany - DEU Ghana - GHA Gibraltar - GIB Greece - GRC Greenland - GRL Grenada - GRD Guadeloupe - GLP Guam - GUM Guatemala - GTM Guernsey - GGY Guinea - GIN Guinea-Bissau - GNB Guyana - GUY Haiti - HTI Honduras - HND Hong Kong - HKG Hungary - HUN Iceland - ISL India - IND Indonesia - IDN Ireland - IRL Israel - ISR Italy - ITA Jamaica - JAM Japan - JPN Jersey - JEY Jordan - JOR Kazakhstan - KAZ Kenya - KEN Kiribati - KIR Korea, South - KOR Kuwait - KWT Kyrgyzstan - KGZ Laos - LAO Latvia - LVA Lebanon - LBN Liechtenstein - LIE Lithuania - LTU Luxembourg - LUX Macau - MAC Macedonia - MKD Madagascar - MDG Malawi - MWI Malaysia - MYS Maldives - MDV Mali - MLI Malta - MLT Marshall Islands - MHL Martinique - MTQ Mauritania - MRT Mauritius - MUS Mayotte - MYT Mexico - MEX Micronesia - FSM Moldova - MDA Monaco - MCO Mongolia - MNG Montenegro - MNE Montserrat - MSR Morocco - MAR Mozambique - MOZ Namibia - NAM Nauru - NRU Nepal - NPL Netherlands - NLD Netherlands Antilles - ANT New Caledonia - NCL New Zealand - NZL Nicaragua - NIC Niger - NER Nigeria - NGA Niue - NIU Norway - NOR Oman - OMN Pakistan - PAK Palau - PLW Panama - PAN Papua New Guinea - PNG Paraguay - PRY Peru - PER Philippines - PHL Poland - POL Portugal - PRT Puerto Rico - PRI Qatar - QAT Reunion - REU Romania - ROU Russian Federation - RUS Rwanda - RWA Saint Helena - SHN Saint Kitts-Nevis - KNA Saint Lucia - LCA Saint Pierre and Miquelon - SPM Saint Vincent and the Grenadines - VCT San Marino - SMR Saudi Arabia - SAU Senegal - SEN Serbia - SRB Seychelles - SYC Sierra Leone - SLE Singapore - SGP Slovakia - SVK Slovenia - SVN Solomon Islands - SLB Somalia - SOM South Africa - ZAF Spain - ESP Sri Lanka - LKA Suriname - SUR Swaziland - SWZ Sweden - SWE Switzerland - CHE Taiwan - TWN Tajikistan - TJK Tanzania - TZA Thailand - THA Togo - TGO Tonga - TON Trinidad and Tobago - TTO Tunisia - TUN Turkey - TUR Turkmenistan - TKM Turks and Caicos Islands - TCA Tuvalu - TUV Uganda - UGA Ukraine - UKR United Arab Emirates - ARE United Kingdom - UK United States - USA Uruguay - URU Uzbekistan - UZB Vanuatu - VUT Vatican City State - VAT Venezuela - VEN Vietnam - VNM Virgin Islands (U.S) - VIR Wallis and Futuna - WLF Western Sahara - ESH Western Samoa - WSM Yemen - YEM Zambia - ZMB Zimbabwe - ZWE. For Meizu M2 M3 M5 Note MX 4 5 6 U10 20 Leather Flip Cover Dual View Window Case. For Meizu M6 M5 M3 Note U10 U20 Shockproof Matte Slim Hard Back Cover Case Skin. For Meizu A5 M5S M5 M6 Note Shockproof Hybrid Case Armor Rugged Kickstand Cover. Luxury Hard PC Phone Cases For Meizu Note M5 M6 U10 Full Matte Plastic Sale Usa. For Meizu Meilan U10 5.0" Angry Eyes Card Slot Wallet Stand Flip Case Cover Star. Fashion Gradient Color Soft TPU Silicon Back Cover Phone Case For MeiZu U10 U20. For Meizu M5/M6 Note M3S MX6 MX5 360° Hybrid Armor Rugged Case Kickstand Cover. For MEIZU Full Coverage Shockproof Slim Case Silicone Soft Protective Cover Skin. Full Cover Kickstand Leather Phone Case For Meize M6 Note M5c A5 Pro7 U10 U20. Luxury Glitter Silicone cover For Meizu M3 M5 Note MX5 MX6 U10 U20 Soft TPU Case. Ultra Thin Clear Transparent Soft Silicone Gel TPU Case Cover Phone Accessories. Phone Case For Various Phone New Fashion Cute Pattern Slim Soft TPU Back Shell. Crystal Clear Transparent Soft TPU Back Cover For Meizu M6 M5 M3 Note Phone Case. Hybrid Shockproof Armor Case Stand Cover Skin For Meizu M5/M6 Note M3S MX6 MX5. For Meizu U10 5.0" Tough Armor Silicone Hybrid Cover Case Glass Film Luxury. For Meizu Meilan U10 5.0" 3D Emboss Cartoon PU Leather Flip Cover Case Card Slot. Multi-use Phone Case Protective Hybrid For Meizu M5 Note M5S M3 Mini U10 U20. For Meizu u10 u20 Shockproof Shell Case Hard PC Ultra Slim Frosted Back Cover. Handmade Cute Bling Glitter Crystal Flowers Diamond Case Cover+Lanyard For Meizu. For Meizu Meilan U10 M3 Note 5s Case Magnetic Silk PU Leather Stand Window Cover. Luxury Glitter Case For Meizu Pro 7 U10 U20 Silicone Bling Finger Ring Cover. Tempered Glass + Ultra Thin Clear TPU Soft back Protective Case Cover For Meizu. Cases For Meizu Meilan M2 M3 M5 Mini U10 Soft TPU Phone Back Cover Stars Marble. For Meizu Meilan U10 5.0" Crazy Horse PU Leather Case Cover Flip Card Slot Stand. For Meizu Meilan U10 5.0" 3D Punk Style Rugged PU Leather Flip Case Cover Wallet. Cases For Meizu Meilan M2 M3 M5 Mini U10 Soft TPU Phone Back Cover Skins Marble. Case For Meizu Meilan M2 M3 M5 Mini U10 Soft TPU Phone Back Cover Skin Flowering. Case For Meizu M2 M3s M3 M5 Mini U20 U10 Soft TPU Phone Back Cover Skins Marble. Case For Meizu M2 M3s M3 M5 Mini U20 U10 Soft TPU Phone Back Cover Skins Wall. Case For Meizu M2 M3s M3 M5 Mini U20 U10 Soft TPU Phone Back Cover Mottled Skins. Case For Meizu M2 M3s M3 M5 Mini U20 U10 Soft TPU Phone Back Cover Pink Bird. Cases For Meizu Meilan M2 M3 M5 Mini U10 Soft TPU Phone Back Cover Moschino. Cases For Meizu Meilan M2 M3 M5 Mini U10 Soft TPU Phone Back Cover Football. Case For Meizu Meilan M2 M3 M5 Mini U10 Soft TPU Phone Back Cover Skin Shiba. Cases For Meizu Meilan M2 M3 M5 Mini U10 Soft TPU Phone Back Cover Skin Car Tank. Cases For Meizu Meilan M2 M3 M5 Mini U10 Soft TPU Phone Back Cover One Piece. Cases For Meizu Meilan M2 M3 M5 Mini U10 Soft TPU Phone Back Cover Simp Skins. Cases For Meizu Meilan M2 M3 M5 Mini U10 Soft TPU Phone Back Cover Funny Style. For Meizu Meilan U10 5.0" Crazy Horse Case Cover Flip PU Leather Card Slot Stand. Shockproof Rugged Armor Hybrid Hard Case Kickstand Cover For Meizu Meilan Phones. Case For Meizu Meilan M2 M3 M5 Mini U10 Soft TPU Phone Back Cover Skin Duck Cute. Cases For Meizu Meilan M2 M3 M5 Mini U10 Soft TPU Phone Back Cover Moon Stars. Case For Meizu M2 M3s M3 M5 Mini U20 U10 Soft TPU Phone Back Cover Skins Blue. Case For Meizu M2 M3s M3 M5 Mini U20 U10 Soft TPU Phone Back Cover Funny Stars. Luxury Magnetic Leather Wallet Stand Slim Case Cover For Meizu M3S M3 M5 M6 Note. Cases For Meizu Meilan M2 M3 M5 Mini U10 Soft TPU Phone Back Cover Astronauts. Case For Meizu M2 M3s M3 M5 Mini U20 U10 Soft TPU Phone Back Cover Waves Skins. Case For Meizu M2 M3s M3 M5 Mini U20 U10 Soft TPU Phone Back Cover Milkshake. Case For Meizu M2 M3s M3 M5 Mini U20 U10 Soft TPU Phone Back Cover Cute Bears. Magnetic Silk PU Leather Stand Window Case Cover for Meizu Meilan U10 M3 Note 5s. Cases For Meizu Meilan M2 M3 M5 Mini U10 Soft TPU Phone Back Cover Floral Print. Phone Case Bling Diamond 3D Rhinestone Luxury Glitter tassel Design Cover Skin M. Cases For Meizu Meilan M2 M3 M5 Mini U10 Soft TPU Phone Back Cover Foods Fruits. Phone Case Protector Full Cover Hold For Meizu M3 Mini M2 Note U20 U10 PU Lether. Stylish Colorful Painted Soft TPU Rubber Silicone Case Cover For Meizu Meiblue. Luxury Magnetic PU Leather Wallet Stand Case For Meizu U10 U20 M3S M3 M2 Note. Luxury Leather Wallet Cover Skin Book Flip Stand Case For Meizu Series Phones. Stylish For Meizu Meiblue TPU Soft Rubber Gel Slim Back Silicone Case Cover Skin. 9H Genuine Real Tempered Glass Film Guard Screen Protector For Meizu MX4 Meilan. For Meizu Meilan U10 5.0" Emboss Cartoon Armor Soft Silicone Case Cover Painting. Shockproof Hard Case&Fast Free Delivery&Top Quality. M2 M3 M5 M6 Note m3s E2 M5 M5c M5s Pro 6 6s 7 Plus etc. eBay determines this price through a machine learned model of the product's sale prices within the last 90 days.. eBay determines trending price through a machine learned model of the product’s sale prices within the last 90 days. "New" refers to a brand-new, unused, unopened, undamaged item, and "Used" refers to an item that has been used previously.. Top Rated Plus Sellers with highest buyer ratings Returns, money back Ships in a business day with tracking Learn More. Top Rated Plus Sellers with highest buyer ratings Returns, money back Ships in a business day with tracking Learn More. $ Enter minimum price to $ Enter maximum price. Please enter a minimum and/or maximum price before continuing.. Site Map Copyright © 1995-2018 eBay Inc. Accessibility , User Agreement , Privacy , Cookies and AdChoice Norton Secured - powered by Verisign. Number of bids and bid amounts may be slightly out of date. See each listing for international shipping options and costs.. 
The next video is starting stop. Want to watch this again later?. Sign in to add this video to a playlist.. Sign in to report inappropriate content.. Sign in to make your opinion count.. Sign in to make your opinion count.. The interactive transcript could not be loaded.. Rating is available when the video has been rented.. This feature is not available right now. Купить Meizu U10 16 ГБ: http://bit.ly/2fhlJRR Купить Meizu U10 32 ГБ: http://bit.ly/2fGMxxd Купить Meizu U20 16 ГБ: http://bit.ly/2fhfCwK Купить Meizu U20 32 ГБ: http://bit.ly/2fxTdyN Обзор Meizu U20: http://bit.ly/2ect0EN Смартфоны, планшеты, аксессуары - http://zopo.pro/ Магазины в Москве, Санкт-Петербурге и Самаре. Наша группа Вконтакте: https://vk.cc/5HFceK В группе выкладываем промокоды, акции и новые обзоры. Подписыватесь :) Текстовый обзор Meizu U20: http://bit.ly/2fxTdyN Подписывайся на канал, чтобы не пропустить новые обзоры! Обзор Xiaomi Redmi Note 4: http://bit.ly/2fhoy5l Обзор Meizu M3 Note: http://bit.ly/1sFfmwL Остались вопросы? Звони! ☎ Москва: 8 (495) 931-96-05 ☎ Самара: 8 (846) 372-71-52 ☎ Санкт-Петербург: 8 (812) 612-77-10. When autoplay is enabled, a suggested video will automatically play next.. Какой он – новый Meizu U10?. Распаковка Meizu U10 / Unboxing Meizu U10. Мейзу U10 16gb black обзор - за свою цену шикарен! | Meizu U10 16gb black обзор - отзыв | Мейзу у10. Meizu U20 Review (ខេមបូ​ រីផត) 4K. Meizu U10 полный обзор стеклянного красавчика на глобальной прошивке! | review. Видео обзор смартфона Meizu U10 16 ГБ черный. Xiaomi Redmi 4x Black vs Meizu U10 Black vs Meizu M5 Black. Meizu U10 Vs Xiaomi Redmi 3s. Битва смартфонов: Meizu M3s mini против Xiaomi Redmi 3s. Обзор Xiaomi Redmi 5 Plus: мощный бюджетник с безрамочным экраном и большой батареей | Zopo.pro. Обзор Xiaomi Redmi 4X: самый стильный Redmi по доступной цене | Zopo.pro. Обзор Xiaomi Mi Note 3: лучший доступный флагман с двойной камерой и NFC | Zopo.pro. Обзор Xiaomi Redmi 4 и Redmi 4 Prime | Zopo.pro. Sign in to add this to Watch Later. 
Enter the characters you see below. Sorry, we just need to make sure you're not a robot. For best results, please make sure your browser is accepting cookies.. Type the characters you see in this image:. 
Home › Meizu › U10 Meizu U10 - Specifications. Most recent comparisons including Meizu U10 List of the latest comparisons made by the website visitors, which include Meizu U10 Last viewed devices List of mobile devices, whose specifications have been recently viewed.. Width Height Thickness Weight Write a review. Specifications Display Camera CPU Battery Prices 5. Dimensions : 69.6 x 141.9 x 7.9 mm Weight : 139 g SoC : MediaTek MT6750 CPU : 4x 1.5 GHz ARM Cortex-A53, 4x 1.0 GHz ARM Cortex-A53, Cores : 8 GPU : ARM Mali-T860 MP2, 520 MHz, Cores : 2 RAM : 2 GB, 3 GB, 667 MHz Storage : 16 GB, 32 GB Memory cards : microSD, microSDHC, microSDXC Display : 5 in, IPS, 720 x 1280 pixels, 24 bit Battery : 2760 mAh, Li-Polymer OS : FlyMe (Yun OS) Camera : 4160 x 3120 pixels, 1920 x 1080 pixels, 30 fps SIM card : Nano-SIM, Nano-SIM / microSD Wi-Fi : a, b, g, n, n 5GHz, Dual band, Wi-Fi Hotspot USB : 2.0, Micro USB Bluetooth : 4.1 Positioning : GPS, A-GPS, GLONASS. Brand and model Information about the brand, model and model alias (if any) of a specific device. Brand Meizu Model U10 Model alias U680H Design Information about the dimensions and weight of the device, shown in different measurement units. Width 69.6 mm (millimeters) 6.96 cm (centimeters) 0.23 ft (feet) 2.74 in (inches) Height 141.9 mm (millimeters) 14.19 cm (centimeters) 0.47 ft (feet) 5.59 in (inches) Thickness 7.9 mm (millimeters) 0.79 cm (centimeters) 0.03 ft (feet) 0.31 in (inches) Weight 139 g (grams) 0.31 lbs (pounds) 4.9 oz (ounces) Volume 78.02 cm³ (cubic centimeters) 4.74 in³ (cubic inches) Colors White Black Champagne Rose-gold Body materials Metal SIM card The Subscriber Identity Module (SIM) is used in mobile devices for storing data authenticating the subscribers of mobile services. SIM card type Nano-SIM (4FF - fourth form factor, since 2012, 12.30 x 8.80 x 0.67 mm) Nano-SIM / microSD Number of SIM cards 2 Networks A mobile (cellular) network is a radio system, which allows a large number of mobile devices to communicate with each other. GSM GSM 850 MHz GSM 900 MHz GSM 1800 MHz GSM 1900 MHz CDMA CDMA 800 MHz TD-SCDMA TD-SCDMA 1880-1920 MHz TD-SCDMA 2010-2025 MHz UMTS UMTS 900 MHz UMTS 1900 MHz UMTS 2100 MHz LTE LTE 1800 MHz LTE 2600 MHz LTE-TDD 1900 MHz (B39) LTE-TDD 2300 MHz (B40) LTE-TDD 2500 MHz (B41) LTE-TDD 2600 MHz (B38) Mobile network technologies and bandwidth Communication between devices within mobile networks is realized via various generations of network technologies, which provide different bandwidth. Mobile network technologies UMTS (384 kbit/s ) EDGE GPRS HSPA+ LTE Cat 6 (51.0 Mbit/s , 301.5 Mbit/s ) EV-DO Rev. A (1.8 Mbit/s , 3.1 Mbit/s ) TD-SCDMA TD-HSDPA Operating system Operating system is the system software, which manages and controls the functioning of the hardware components of the device. Operating system (OS) FlyMe (Yun OS) System on Chip (SoC) A system on a chip (SoC) includes into a single chip some of the main hardware components of the mobile device. SoC MediaTek MT6750 Process technology 28 nm (nanometers) CPU 4x 1.5 GHz ARM Cortex-A53, 4x 1.0 GHz ARM Cortex-A53 CPU bits 64 bit Instruction set ARMv8-A Level 1 cache memory (L1) 32 KB + 32 KB (kilobytes) Level 2 cache memory (L2) 512 KB (kilobytes) 0.5 MB (megabytes) CPU cores 8 CPU frequency 1500 MHz (megahertz) GPU ARM Mali-T860 MP2 GPU cores 2 GPU frequency 520 MHz (megahertz) RAM capacity 2 GB (gigabytes) 3 GB (gigabytes) RAM type LPDDR3 RAM channels Single channel RAM frequency 667 MHz (megahertz) Storage Every mobile device has a built-in storage (internal memory) with a fixed capacity. Storage 16 GB (gigabytes) 32 GB (gigabytes) Memory cards Memory cards are used in mobile devices for expanding their external storage capacity. Types microSD microSDHC microSDXC Display The display of a mobile device is characterized by its technology, resolution, pixel density, diagonal length, color depth, etc. Type/technology IPS Diagonal size 5 in (inches) 127 mm (millimeters) 12.7 cm (centimeters) Width 2.45 in (inches) 62.26 mm (millimeters) 6.23 cm (centimeters) Height 4.36 in (inches) 110.69 mm (millimeters) 11.07 cm (centimeters) Aspect ratio 1.778:1 16:9 Resolution 720 x 1280 pixels Pixel density 294 ppi (pixels per inch) 115 ppcm (pixels per centimeter) Color depth 24 bit 16777216 colors Display area 70.01 % (percent) Other features Capacitive Multi-touch 2.5D curved glass screen Full Lamination Technology 1000:1 contrast ratio 380 cd/m² Sensors Different sensors measure different physical quantities and convert them into signals recognizable by the mobile device. Sensors Proximity Light Accelerometer Compass Gyroscope Fingerprint Hall Primary camera The primary camera of the mobile device is usually placed at its back and is used for taking photos and recording videos. Sensor model Sony IMX258 Exmor RS Sensor type CMOS (complementary metal-oxide semiconductor) Sensor size 4.73 x 3.49 mm (millimeters) 0.23 in (inches) Pixel size 1.137 µm (micrometers) 0.001137 mm (millimeters) Crop factor 7.36 Aperture f/2.2 Focal length 4 mm (millimeters) 29.43 mm (millimeters) *(35 mm / full frame) Flash type Dual LED Image resolution 4160 x 3120 pixels 12.98 MP (megapixels) Video resolution 1920 x 1080 pixels 2.07 MP (megapixels) Video FPS 30 fps (frames per second) Features Autofocus Continuous shooting Digital zoom Geotagging Panorama HDR Touch focus Face detection White balance settings ISO settings Exposure compensation Self-timer Scene mode Phase detection 5-element lens Secondary camera Secondary cameras are placed above the screen of the device and are usually used for video calls, gesture recognition, etc. Sensor model Samsung S5K5E8 Sensor type CMOS BSI (backside illumination) Sensor size 2.9 x 2.15 mm (millimeters) 0.14 in (inches) Pixel size 1.133 µm (micrometers) 0.001133 mm (millimeters) Crop factor 11.99 Aperture f/2.0 Focal length 4 mm (millimeters) 47.94 mm (millimeters) *(35 mm / full frame) Image resolution 2560 x 1920 pixels 4.92 MP (megapixels) Video resolution 1280 x 720 pixels 0.92 MP (megapixels) Video FPS 30 fps (frames per second) 4-element lens Audio Information about the type of speakers and the audio technologies supported by the device. Speaker Loudspeaker Earpiece Radio The radio in a mobile device is a built-in FM radio receiver. Radio No Tracking/Positioning Information about the positioning and navigation technologies supported by the device. Tracking/Positioning GPS A-GPS GLONASS Wi-Fi Wi-Fi is a technology that provides wireless data connections between various devices within a short range. Wi-Fi 802.11a (IEEE 802.11a-1999) 802.11b (IEEE 802.11b-1999) 802.11g (IEEE 802.11g-2003) 802.11n (IEEE 802.11n-2009) 802.11n 5GHz Dual band Wi-Fi Hotspot Bluetooth Bluetooth is a standard for secure wireless data transfer between different types of devices over short distances. Version 4.1 Features A2DP (Advanced Audio Distribution Profile) LE (Low Energy) USB The Universal Serial Bus (USB) is an industry standard that allows different electronic devices to exchange data. Connector type Micro USB Version 2.0 Features Charging Mass storage Headphone jack The headphone jack is an audio phone connector, a.k.a. The most widely used one in mobile devices is the 3.5 mm headphone jack. Headphone jack Yes Connectivity Information about other important connectivity technologies supported by the devices. Connectivity Computer sync OTA sync Tethering Browser A web browser is a software application for accessing, fetching, displaying and navigating through information on the World Wide Web. Browser HTML HTML5 CSS 3 Audio file formats/codecs Mobile devices support various audio file formats and codecs, which respectively store and code/decode digital audio data. Audio file formats/codecs AAC (Advanced Audio Coding) AMR / AMR-NB / GSM-AMR (Adaptive Multi-Rate, .amr, .3ga) eAAC+ / aacPlus v2 / HE-AAC v2 FLAC (Free Lossless Audio Codec, .flac) MIDI MP3 (MPEG-2 Audio Layer II, .mp3) OGG (.ogg, .ogv, .oga, .ogx, .spx, .opus) WMA (Windows Media Audio, .wma) WAV (Waveform Audio File Format, .wav, .wave) Video file formats/codecs Mobile devices support various video file formats and codecs, which respectively store and code/decode digital video data. Video file formats/codecs 3GPP (3rd Generation Partnership Project, .3gp) AVI (Audio Video Interleaved, .avi) H.263 H.264 / MPEG-4 Part 10 / AVC video MP4 (MPEG-4 Part 14, .mp4, .m4a, .m4p, .m4b, .m4r, .m4v) WebM WMV (Windows Media Video, .wmv) Xvid Battery The batteries of mobile devices differ in capacity and technology. They provide the electrical charge needed for the functioning of the devices. Capacity 2760 mAh (milliampere-hours) Type Li-Polymer Charger output power 5 V (volts) / 2 A (amps) Features Fast charging Non-removable. Brand name of the company that manufactures the device.. Аlternative names, under which the model is known.. the horizontal side of the device when it is used in its standard orientation.. the vertical side of the device when it is used in its standard orientation.. Information about the thickness/depth of the device in different measurement units.. Information about the weight of the device in different measurement units.. Estimated volume of the device, calculated from the dimensions provided by the manufacturer. Applies for devices in the form of a rectangular parallelepiped.. Information about the colors, in which the device is available in the market.. Materials used in the fabrication of the device's body.. Information about the type and size (form factor) of the SIM card used in the device.. Information about the number of SIM cards, supported by the device.. GSM (Global System for Mobile Communications) was developed to replace the analog cellular network (1G), therefore it is referred to as a 2G mobile network. It has been improved with the addition of General Packet Radio Services (GPRS) and later via the Enhanced Data rates for GSM Evolution (EDGE) technology.. CDMA (Code-Division Multiple Access) is a channel access method for communications within mobile networks. Compared to other 2G and 2.5G standards like GSM and TDMA, it provides increased data transfer speeds and allows more subscribers to connect simultaneously to the network.. TD-SCDMA (Time Division Synchronous Code Division Multiple Access) is a 3G standard for mobile networks. It is developed as an alternative to the W-CDMA standard in China by the Chinese Academy of Telecomunications Technology, Datang Telecom and Siemens AG, and combines TDMA and CDMA.. UMTS stands for Universal Mobile Telecommunications System. Based on the GSM standard, it is deemed as a 3G mobile network standard. It has been developed by the 3GPP and its major advantage is the provision of greater bandwidth and spectral efficiency, due to the W-CDMA technology.. LTE is deemed to be the fourth generation (4G) of mobile communications technology. It has been developed by the 3GPP based on the GSM/EDGE and UMTS/HSPA technologies in order to increase the speed and capacity of wireless data networks. A further development of the technology is called LTE Advanced.. There are several network technologies that enhance the performance of mobile networks mainly by increased data bandwidth. Information about the communication technologies supported by the device and their respective uplink and downlink bandwidth.. Information about the operating system used by the device as well as its version.. The SoC integrates different hardware components such as the CPU, GPU, memory, peripherals, interfaces, etc., as well as software for their functioning.. Information about the process technology used in manufacturing the chip. The value in nanometers represents half the distance between elements that make up the CPU.. CPU is the Central Processing Unit or the processor of a mobile device. Its main function is to interpret and execute instructions contained in software applications.. The CPU bits are determined by the bit-size of the processor registers, address buses and data buses. 64-bit CPUs provide better performance than 32-bit ones, which on their part perform better than 16-bit processors.. The instruction set architecture (ISA) is a set of commands used by the software to manage the CPU's work. Information about the set of instructions the processor can execute.. The cache memory is used by the processor in order to shorten the time needed to access data and instructions that a frequently used. The L1 (level 1) cache memory has a small volume, but operates faster than the RAM and the rest cache memory levels. If the processor does not find the data needed in L1, it continues to look for it in the L2 cache memory. In some processors the search in L1 and L2 is simultaneous.. The L2 (level 2) cache memory is slower than L1, but has a larger capacity, instead, which allows it to cache more data. Just like L1, it is much faster than the system memory (RAM). If the CPU does not find the data needed in L2, it proceeds to look for them in the L3 cache memory (if there is such) or in the RAM.. A CPU core is the processor unit, which executes software instructions. Presently, besides single-core processors, there are dual-core, quad-core, hexa-core and so on multi-core processors. They increase the performance of the device allowing the execution of multiple instructions in parallel.. The frequency of the processor describes its clock rate in cycles per second. It is measured in Megahertz (MHz) or Gigahertz (GHz).. GPU is a graphical processing unit, which handles computation for 2D/3D graphics applications. In mobile devices GPU is usually utilized by games, UI, video playback, etc. GPU can also perform computation in applications traditionally handled by the CPU.. Similar to the CPU, the GPU consists of processing units called cores. They handle the computation of graphics in various applications.. The frequency is the clock rate of the graphic processor (GPU), which is measured in Megahertz (MHz) or Gigahertz (GHz).. RAM (Random-Access Memory) is used by the operating system and all installed applications. Data in the RAM is lost after the device is turned off or restarted.. Information about the type of RAM used by the device.. Information about the number of RAM channels integrated in the SoC. More channels mean higher data transfer rates.. RAM frequency relates directly to the rate of reading/writing from/in the RAM memory.. Information about the capacity of the built-in storage of the device. Sometimes one and the same model may is offered in variants with different internal storage capacity.. The various types of memory cards are characterized by different sizes and capacity. Information about the supported types of memory cards.. One of the main characteristics of the display is its type/technology, on which depends its performance.. In mobile devices display size is represented by the length of its diagonal measured in inches.. The ratio between the long and the short side of the display. The display resolution shows the number of pixels on the horizontal and vertical side of the screen. The higher the resolution is, the greater the detail of the displayed content.. Information about the number of pixels per centimeter (ppcm) or per inch (ppi) of the display. The higher the pixel density, the more detailed and clearer is the information displayed on the screen.. The color depth of the display is also known as bit depth. It shows the number of bits used for the color components of one pixel. Information about the maximum number of colors the screen can display.. The estimated percentage of the screen area from the device's front area.. Information about other functions and features of the display.. Sensors vary in type and purpose. They increase the overall functionality of the device, in which they are integrated.. Information about the manufacturer and the model of the image sensor used by the camera of the device.. Digital cameras use image sensors for taking photos. The sensor characteristics are some of the main factors determining the quality of the camera integrated in the mobile device.. Information about the dimensions of the image sensor used in the device. Usually cameras with larger sensors and less pixel density tend to provide better image quality despite the lower resolution.. A smaller pixel size allows the image sensor to use more pixels thus providing better image resolution. On the other hand, this may negatively impact noise levels and decrease image quality at high ISO settings.. Crop factor is the ratio of the dimensions of a full frame camera's sensor (36 x 24 mm, which equals the frame size of a 35 mm film) and the dimensions of the image sensor of the device. The number shown is the ratio between the diagonals of a full frame sensor (43.3 mm) and the device sensor.. Aperture (f-stop number) indicates the size of the lens diaphragm opening, which controls the amount of light reaching the image sensor. The lower the f-stop number, the larger the diaphragm opening is.. Focal length is the distance in millimeters from the focal point of the image sensor to the optical center of the lens. A focal length, which results in the same field of view on a full-frame (35 mm) camera, is also provided.. Cameras of mobile devices use mainly a LED or a Xenon flash. The LED flash has a softer burst of light and in contrast to the much brighter Xenon flash, is used for recording videos as well.. One of the main characteristics of the cameras of mobile devices is their resolution, which shows the number of pixels on the horizontal and vertical dimensions of the image.. Information about the maximum resolution available for shooting a video with the device.. Information about the maximum number of frames per second (fps), supported by the device while recording a video at maximum resolution. Some of the main standard frame rates for recording and playing video are 24p, 25p, 30p, 60p.. Information about additional software and hardware features of the privamery camera, which improve its overall performance.. Information about the manufacturer and the model of the image sensor used by the camera of the device.. Digital cameras use image sensors for taking photos. The sensor characteristics are some of the main factors determining the quality of the camera integrated in the mobile device.. Information about the dimensions of the image sensor used in the device. Usually cameras with larger sensors and less pixel density tend to provide better image quality despite the lower resolution.. A smaller pixel size allows the image sensor to use more pixels thus providing better image resolution. On the other hand, this may negatively impact noise levels and decrease image quality at high ISO settings.. Crop factor is the ratio of the dimensions of a full frame camera's sensor (36 x 24 mm, which equals the frame size of a 35 mm film) and the dimensions of the image sensor of the device. The number shown is the ratio between the diagonals of a full frame sensor (43.3 mm) and the device sensor.. Aperture (f-stop number) indicates the size of the lens diaphragm opening, which controls the amount of light reaching the image sensor. The lower the f-stop number, the larger the diaphragm opening is.. Focal length is the distance in millimeters from the focal point of the image sensor to the optical center of the lens. A focal length, which results in the same field of view on a full-frame (35 mm) camera, is also provided.. Information about the maximum image resolution of the secondary camera. Often, the resolution of the secondary camera is lower than the one of the primary camera.. Information about the maximum resolution available for shooting a video by the secondary camera.. Information about the maximum number of frames per second (fps), supported by the secondary camera while recording a video at maximum resolution.. The loudspeaker is a device, which reproduces various sounds such as ring tones, alarms, music, voice calls, etc. Information about the type of speakers the device uses.. Information whether the device has an FM radio receiver or not.. The tracking/positioning service is provided by various satellite navigation systems, which track the autonomous geo-spatial positioning of the device that supports them. The most common satellite navigation systems are the GPS and the GLONASS. There are also non-satellite technologies for locating mobile devices such as the Enhanced Observed Time Difference, Enhanced 911, GSM Cell ID.. Wi-Fi communication between devices is realized via the IEEE 802.11 standards. Some devices have the possibility to serve as Wi-Fi Hotspots by providing internet access for other nearby devices. Wi-Fi Direct (Wi-Fi P2P) is another useful standard that allows devices to communicate with each other without the need for wireless access point (WAP).. The technology has several versions, which improve the connection speed, range, connectivity and discoverability of the devices. Information about the Bluetooth version of the device.. Bluetooth uses various profiles and protocols related to faster exchange of data, energy saving, better device discoverability, etc. Some of those supported by the device are listed here.. There are several USB connector types: the Standard one, the Mini and Micro connectors, On-The-Go connectors, etc. Type of the USB connector used by the device.. There are several versions of the Universal Serial Bus (USB) standard: USB 1.0 (1996), the USB 2.0 (2000), the USB 3.0 (2008), etc. With each following version the rate of data transfer is increased.. Тhe USB interface in mobile devices may be used for different purposes such as battery charging, using the device as a mass storage, host, etc.. Information whether the device is equipped with a 3.5 mm audio jack.. Information about some of the most widely used connectivity technologies supported by the device.. Information about some of the features and standards supported by the browser of the device.. List of some of the most common audio file formats and codecs supported standardly by the device.. List of some of the most common video file formats and codecs supported standardly by the device.. The capacity of a battery shows the maximum charge, which it can store, measured in mili-Ampere hours.. The battery type is determined by its structure and more specifically, by the chemicals used in it. There are different battery types and some of the most commonly used in mobile devices are the lithium-ion (Li-Ion) and the lithium-ion polymer battery (Li-Polymer).. Information about the electric current (amperes) and voltage (volts) the charger outputs. The higher power output allows faster charging.. Information about some additional features of the device's battery.. Provide information about, which of the published data you want to be edited as well as a reliable source, which confirms the accuracy of the information you suggest *. Enter the characters from the image: *. Dimensions : 69.6 x 141.9 x 7.9 mm Weight : 139 g SoC : MediaTek MT6750 CPU : 4x 1.5 GHz ARM Cortex-A53, 4x 1.0 GHz ARM Cortex-A53, Cores : 8 GPU : ARM Mali-T860 MP2, 520 MHz RAM : 2 GB, 3 GB, 667 MHz Storage : 16 GB, 32 GB Display : 5 in, IPS, 720 x 1280 pixels, 24 bit Battery : 2760 mAh, Li-Polymer OS : FlyMe (Yun OS) Camera : 4160 x 3120 pixels, 1920 x 1080 pixels, 30 fps. The information on this website is provided on "as is, as available basis" without warranty of any kind. DeviceSpecifications is not responsible for any omissions, inaccuracies or other errors in the information it publishes. All warranties with respect to this information are disclaimed. Reproduction of any part of this website in its entirety or partially or in any form or medium without prior written permission is prohibited. The trademarks, marques and logos of the manufacturers of devices, software, hardware, etc. are the property of their respective owners.. 
Transfer iphone contacts to Meizu U10. If you’re tired of Iphones and want to switch to Android, the transition to Meizu U10 can occasionally be challenging. Indeed, if you switch from an Iphone to an Meizu U10, you will have to transfer the list of contacts. As it can be not possible to copy.... Transfer photos from Meizu U10 to PC or Mac. It is important that you can transfer the pretty pics you have taken with your Meizu U10, to your pc or your Mac. In truth, whether it’s just simply to save the pics or to retouch them, you’ll have to transfer them to the pc or the Mac. Turn OFF Keyboard Vibrations On Meizu U10. If you are using an Meizu U10, you might have noticed that it is vibrating when you use the keyboard. Any time you press a key, the cellphone starts vibrating. For a certain number of people, the vibrations of the keyboard are annoying and can upset the user. You have just acquired an Meizu U10 and when you turn it on, it displays the following error text message: SIM card not recognized. At times the Meizu U10 does not recognize the SIM card and displays this message. In this circumstance, it is not necessarily required.... At times, the Meizu U10 displays the Authentication Problem message when you try to connect to a Wi-Fi network. This kind of error message can possibly sourced from several places. So, so that you can connect properly to the Wifi network with your Meizu U10, we.... Track And Find the Meizu U10. Having the capacity to locate her Meizu U10 is useful in many cases. In the first case, in case you have lost your Meizu U10, it will likely be necessary to track it to be able to find it. In a different case, if you were robbed of your telephone, it may be.... Setting up HotSpot or Tethering on Meizu U10. Sharing the web connection of Meizu U10 in wifi is a very handy feature on the Meizu U10. Indeed, putting the Meizu U10 in modem mode makes it possible to share the connection of the mobile with your entourage or with your different devices. So, in case you do not.... Set up Direct Wifi on Meizu U10. Direct Wifi could be a very good way to exchange files with your Meizu U10. In truth, Direct Wifi is perhaps the most effective technique to exchange files without using a cable. So if you want to learn tips on how to make use of the Meizu U10 direct Wifi, let’s.... Read and edit Pdf, Doc or Excel files on Meizu U10. To be able to open and play a document on its Meizu U10 is now incredibly practical. In fact, in cases where you get an attachment to a mail, it practices to be able to read it on its Meizu U10. Whether it is actually a PDF file, a Doc document or an Excel document,.... Move apps to SD card on Meizu U10. Oftentimes applications that are installed on the Meizu U10 take up a lot of space. It is actually for that reason very beneficial in order to move the applications to the SD card of your Meizu U10. Certainly, this allows to free up storage space on the smartphone. Make a video call on Meizu U10. Make a video call with an Meizu U10 is very convenient. Certainly, it is a great solution if you need to see the face of everyone you call. If you call anyone who is on the other side of the earth, it can be always nice to find out his face. Updating Android on your Meizu U10 is a important procedure if you wish your phone to be on top of its performance. In fact, the updates allow to bring a wide range of things that will make the use of your Meizu U10 more enjoyable. How to turn on 3G or 4G on Meizu U10. If you need to have access to the web on your Meizu U10, you are going to need to use the 3G or 4G network. It from time to time happens for one reason or another that the 4G or 3G network of the Meizu U10 is deactivated. In this circumstance, it is impossible for the.... How to transfer music to Meizu U10. New telephones just like the Meizu U10 at this point allow you to listen to music. So, the mobile phones have gradually replaced the MP3 player. Certainly, it is at this point easy to transfer and listen to music on its Meizu U10. However, it truly is occasionally a.... How to save the battery on Meizu U10. Saving the battery of XXX may be a very good option if you constantly find yourself running on battery on your XXX. In fact, by the time that runs and in view of the frequency of use of our telephones, saving a little battery is not a luxury. How to record calls on Meizu U10. Recording a phone discussion can be incredibly useful in a quantity of circumstances. Whether you wish to re-listen or keep it, it’s always useful to record calls on your Meizu U10. On the other hand, the Meizu U10 does not natively offer the conversation.... How to open and remove the shell on Meizu U10. Opening the Meizu U10 and removing its hull may be a very beneficial procedure in many situations. If you would like to insert a SIM card or an SD memory card, you may possibly need to turn off the cover and open the Meizu U10. Opening the Meizu U10 is also required.... How to insert the SIM card on Meizu U10. Inserting the SIM card into your Meizu U10 is important if you would like to use your smartphone. In truth, the SIM card allows your Meizu U10 to be able to connect to the mobile network and consequently to make phone calls. Nonetheless, if you just bought your Meizu.... How To Get Emojis On Meizu U10. The emojis are present in all our discussions. Indeed, if you would like to send a message with your Meizu U10, it’s always nice to embellish it with an emojis. An emoji permits you to visually send a message to anyone. So , if you need that you can customize.... How To Delete Browser History on Meizu U10. Delete the history of its Meizu U10 is a incredibly convenient procedure. Indeed, this permits to erase the footprints of its past navigations. Whether it is to sell your mobile phone, or just to avoid being targeted by commercials, delete the history of your Meizu.... How to change the ringtone on Meizu U10. Changing the ringtone of your Meizu U10 is important if you wish to personalize your Meizu U10. Certainly, you could be tired of the initial ringtone of your Meizu U10. It truly is therefore possible to change the ringtone and even to put 1 of your music in ringtone..... How to Backup Messages on Meizu U10. SMS is today one of the most used way of communication. Thus, it is an entire part of our life that is found in our SMS conversations. So, whether to keep a track or to keep a memory, it will be possible to save the SMS of your Meizu U10. How to print with Meizu U10. Printing a document from its Meizu U10 is particularly practical. Now that you can open all types of files from your cellphone, you can also print them. Additionally, it is often more simple to print something from the phone. So, no need to take his laptop. How to increase the Meizu U10 volume. At times, the basic volume of the XXX does not be enough for the use you wish to do with it. In fact, mobile phones like the XXX have a clamping at the level of the volume. Thus, the European legislation force the producer to restrain the volume of their cell phones..... How to fix Meizu U10 Overheating issues. Often the Meizu U10 overheats and is warm when ever touched. Don’t get worried, this does not imply that your Meizu U10 has a trouble. In fact, it is actually quite common that a smartphone overheats and this may come from a lot of things. Fix Blurry Pictures On Meizu U10. It in some cases occurs without a reason that the photos of Meizu U10 are blurred. This is a rather bothersome issue as it prevents us from taking gorgeous photos. In fact, it can be impossible to take a suitable picture in cases where the picture is all blurred. Connect the Meizu U10 to the PC or Mac. Connecting your Meizu U10 to the PC or Mac is a really useful process for many circumstances. If you want to transfer photos to your Meizu U10, if you want to transfer your contacts, or if you want to copy files to the Meizu U10, you need to connect the mobile phone.... Change the Text Message Ringtone on Meizu U10. Changing the SMS ringtone of your Meizu U10 is essential if you want that you can differentiate your cellphone. Certainly, like most smartphone on the market, the Meizu U10 is under Android. Therefore, everyone has similar ringtone for his messages. Change the alarm ringtone on Meizu U10. It typically happens that we get tired of the ringing of the alarm of Meizu U10. Indeed, always having precisely the same alarm bell is rather very tiring. So if you want to wake up with a slightly diverse ringtone, we will see in this tutorial how to change the.... Bluetooth is an extremely good technology for connecting devices to your wireless Meizu U10. But, it can happen that we have problems connecting with the bluetooth of Meizu U10. Whether it is to connect the Meizu U10 to a Bluetooth speaker, your car’s head-set.... Block anonymous calls on Meizu U10. Knowing how to block hidden calls you receive on your Meizu U10 is extremely important. In fact, you may have happened to get calls from an unknown number in an interesting way. Whether it truly is telephone prospecting or someone who harasses you, it truly is.... My Meizu U10 turns off randomly. From time to time the Meizu U10 shuts off by itself and for no special reason. It’s highly irritating, specifically when you’re doing something. Do not be anxious, the fact that your Meizu U10 automatically switching off does not necessarily mean that it.... How to fix Meizu U10 black screen. From time to time the screen of Meizu U10 stays black. This trouble can appear in many situations. Occasionally it happens after the Meizu U10 falls. Other times, the screen stays black after a start, lock, or sleep. Whatever the case, don’t worry, you will.... How to fix a water damaged on Meizu U10. Whether in the wc or in a swimming pool, it sometimes occurs that the Meizu U10 is slipped in the water. Nevertheless, it is not simply because a phone has fallen in the water that it is inevitably dead. In truth, it is possible to redo an Meizu U10 that has fallen in.... Fix insufficient storage available on Meizu U10. If perhaps your Meizu U10’s memory is full, you can actually not install an application or copy files. Indeed, it from time to time happens that there is no more room on the memory of your Meizu U10. Do not worry, it is extremely easy to free up storage space on.... How to Change language on Meizu U10. If perhaps you bought your Meizu U10 overseas or if just a friend made you a joke, you most likely wish to change the language of your Meizu U10. Indeed, it is always more pleasurable to utilize its Meizu U10 when it is in a language that we know. Add a photo to contacts on Meizu U10. Adding a picture on the contacts of its Meizu U10 makes the use of the smartphone considerably more nice. That’s right, it is usually more enjoyable observe a picture when you are called, than the usual basic name. Thus if you want to see the pics of your.... How to set call forwarding on Meizu U10. Call forwarding on the Meizu U10 is a very useful feature. Certainly, in the event that you are in a scenario where you need to transfer telephone calls from one number to another number, this guide is for you. If it is to divert calls from your business phone to your.... How to change wallpaper on Meizu U10. It sometimes happens that you would like to personalize your Meizu U10. To do this, it’s possible to change the wallpaper of your Meizu U10. Indeed, you maybe are bored by the initial wallpaper of the telephone. We will find in this post, that it is very.... How to change font in Meizu U10. If you are tired of your Meizu U10’s initial font, you likely wish to change it. Truly, a tiny customization never hurts when ever it involves font. Thus, let’s discover what is the methodology to change fonts and reason why it can vary depending on the.... by mcpolo | Oct 11, 2017 | Meizu , Meizu U10. by mcpolo | Oct 11, 2017 | Meizu , Meizu U10. by mcpolo | Oct 11, 2017 | Meizu , Meizu U10. by mcpolo | Oct 11, 2017 | Meizu , Meizu U10. by mcpolo | Oct 11, 2017 | Meizu , Meizu U10. by mcpolo | Oct 11, 2017 | Meizu , Meizu U10. by mcpolo | Oct 8, 2017 | Meizu , Meizu U10. by mcpolo | Oct 8, 2017 | Meizu , Meizu U10. by mcpolo | Oct 8, 2017 | Meizu , Meizu U10. by mcpolo | Oct 8, 2017 | Meizu , Meizu U10. by mcpolo | Oct 8, 2017 | Meizu , Meizu U10. by mcpolo | Oct 8, 2017 | Meizu , Meizu U10. by mcpolo | Oct 7, 2017 | Meizu , Meizu U10. by mcpolo | Oct 7, 2017 | Meizu , Meizu U10. by mcpolo | Oct 7, 2017 | Meizu , Meizu U10. by mcpolo | Oct 7, 2017 | Meizu , Meizu U10. by mcpolo | Oct 7, 2017 | Meizu , Meizu U10. by mcpolo | Oct 7, 2017 | Meizu , Meizu U10. by mcpolo | Oct 7, 2017 | Meizu , Meizu U10. by mcpolo | Oct 7, 2017 | Meizu , Meizu U10. by mcpolo | Oct 7, 2017 | Meizu , Meizu U10. by mcpolo | Oct 7, 2017 | Meizu , Meizu U10. by mcpolo | Oct 7, 2017 | Meizu , Meizu U10. by mcpolo | Oct 7, 2017 | Meizu , Meizu U10. by mcpolo | Oct 7, 2017 | Meizu , Meizu U10. by mcpolo | Oct 7, 2017 | Meizu , Meizu U10. by mcpolo | Oct 7, 2017 | Meizu , Meizu U10. by mcpolo | Oct 7, 2017 | Meizu , Meizu U10. by mcpolo | Oct 7, 2017 | Meizu , Meizu U10. by mcpolo | Oct 7, 2017 | Meizu , Meizu U10. by mcpolo | Oct 7, 2017 | Meizu , Meizu U10. by mcpolo | Sep 23, 2017 | Meizu , Meizu U10. by mcpolo | Sep 23, 2017 | Meizu , Meizu U10. by mcpolo | Sep 23, 2017 | Meizu , Meizu U10. by mcpolo | Sep 22, 2017 | Meizu , Meizu U10. by mcpolo | Sep 22, 2017 | Meizu , Meizu U10. by mcpolo | Sep 22, 2017 | Meizu , Meizu U10. by mcpolo | Jun 29, 2017 | Meizu , Meizu U10. by mcpolo | Jun 29, 2017 | Meizu , Meizu U10. by mcpolo | Jun 29, 2017 | Meizu , Meizu U10. Page 1 sur 2 1 2 ». Search by phone Search by phone. Designed by Elegant Themes | Powered by WordPress. 
141.9 x 69.6 x 7.9 mm. Flyme OS v5 (based on Android Lollipop ). Octa-core, Quad-core 1.5 GHz Cortex-A53, Quad-core 1 GHz Cortex-A53. 13 MP 4160 x 3120 px autofocus. 850 / 900 / 1800 / 1900. accelerometer compass fingerprint hall light proximity. DroidChart.com / Smartphones / Meizu / Meizu U10 (2016). Flyme OS v5 (based on Android Lollipop). 5 inches 720 x 1280 px. The detailed specifications, photos and introductory video of the Meizu U10 (U10). The list of the competitors most often compared to the Meizu U10 smartphone.. The Meizu U10 (U10) smartphone released in 2016. It is powered by Mediatek MT6750 chipset, 2 GB of RAM and 16 GB of internal storage.. The Meizu U10 runs on Flyme OS v5 (based on Android Lollipop) out of the box. It comes with a Li-Po 2760 mAh, non-removable battery. It features a 5 inches IPS display with 720 x 1280 px resolution. The IPS technology is one of the most leading LCD technologies in the world.. The Meizu U10 runs on Flyme OS v5 (based on Android Lollipop) out of the box, but the U10's firmware can be upgraded to a newer version of OS.. Screen size is measured in inches, diagonally from corner to corner. The 5 inches IPS capacitive touch screen with 720 x 1280 px resolution is multitouch capable.. The smartphone's memory (2 GB) cannot be expanded, but the storage (16 GB) can be expanded with a microSD card.. The camera of the Meizu U10 is equipped with autofocus. Autofocus is a camera feature that fine-tunes the focus of the camera, it is a nice feature of this smartphone.. U10 is 3G and 4G capable. This smartphone has a built-in GPS receiver. GPS is a satellite based navigation system that allows the determination of the exact geographical location on Earth. This Meizu smartphone doesn't have FM radio receiver.. The Li-Po 2760 mAh, non-removable battery gives the smartphone a good battery backup.. The smartphone sensors measure physical quantities and transmit them to the application processor. The phones's accelerometer is a built-in electronic component that measures tilt and motion. A fingerprint sensor is one of the easiest and most secure ways to protect your smartphone. The proximity sensor detects when a user is holding the phone near their face during a call and turns off the display to prevent keypad presses and battery consumption from the display. The U10 has Dual SIM capability, which means that you can insert two different SIM cards and use them both from one phone.. Compare Meizu U10 to other smartphones. The specifications above are based on the official data published by the manufacturer, but we also take user reviews into consideration. If you found an error or something lacking in the specifications above for the Meizu U10, then don’t hesitate and signal the problem to us.. According to our statistics, the Meizu U10 smartphone was most often compared on our site with the following smartphones.. Compare Meizu U10 to other smartphones. If there’s information about the Meizu U10 that you would like to see on this site, then write to our webmaster@droidchart.com address.. 
GSM 850 / 900 / 1800 / 1900 - SIM 1 & SIM 2. LTE 1800 / 2100 / 2600. 153 x 75.4 x 7.7 mm (6.02 x 2.97 x 0.30 in). Hybrid Dual SIM (Nano-SIM, dual stand-by). LTPS IPS LCD capacitive touchscreen, 16M colors. 5.5 inches, 83.4 cm 2 (~72.3% screen-to-body ratio). 1080 x 1920 pixels, 16:9 ratio (~401 ppi density). Octa-core (4x1.8 GHz Cortex-A53 & 4x1.0 GHz Cortex-A53). microSD, up to 256 GB (uses SIM 2 slot). 32 GB, 3 GB RAM or 16 GB, 2 GB RAM. 13 MP, f/2.2, phase detection autofocus, dual-LED dual-tone flash. Geo-tagging, touch focus, face detection, HDR, panorama. - Active noise cancellation with dedicated mic. Fingerprint (front-mounted), accelerometer, gyro, proximity, compass. SMS(threaded view), MMS, Email, Push Mail, IM. We can not guarantee that the information on this page is 100% correct. Meizu U20 - user opinions and reviews. this phone is good battry life and perfomance. Samsung Apple Nokia Sony LG HTC Motorola Huawei Microsoft Lenovo Xiaomi Google Acer Asus Oppo OnePlus Meizu BlackBerry Alcatel ZTE Toshiba Vodafone Energizer XOLO Lava Micromax BLU Gionee vivo LeEco Panasonic HP YU verykool Maxwest Plum. Meizu M3 Note Meizu M5 Meizu M5 Note Meizu U10 Meizu M3s Meizu M3x. Meizu M6s Meizu M6 Note Meizu Pro 7 Plus Meizu M5 Meizu M3 Note Meizu M2. 
Cost-effective Cheaper More expensive Performance Camera Battery Smaller Larger. Kimovil shows stores that deliver to your country. Convert prices to your local currency. Add devices to your profile, rate and comment on your smartphones.. Add it if you love it and would like to have it in your hands. Add it if you love it and would like to have it in your hands. Add it if you currently use it or you manage it... Now you are using it .... It would be a great help if you could take 2 minutes to comment on this smartphone. Add it if you currently use it or you manage it... Add it if you had it and gave it away, sold it or it died.... It would be a great help if you could take 2 minutes to comment on this smartphone. Add it if you had it and gave it away, sold it or it died.... 5 £ 93 € 106 $ 130 R$ 421 zł 441 руб 7,340 ₹ 8,418 Not available. 2 £ 164 £ 183 € 187 € 208 $ 230 $ 256 R$ 746 zł 780 R$ 829 zł 867 руб 12,987 руб 14,442 ₹ 14,895 ₹ 16,564 Not available. Finding the best price for the Meizu U10 3GB-32GB is no easy task. Here you will find where to buy the Meizu U10 3GB-32GB at the best price. Prices are continuously tracked in over 140 stores so that you can find a reputable dealer with the best price. September 2016, 1 year ago. 69.6 mm x 141.9 mm x 7.9 mm. 720 x 1280 px. Pixels per inch differentiable less than 40 cm away. - More smartphones with MediaTek MT6750 processor. 4x1.5 GHz ARM Cortex-A53 + 4x 1.0 GHz ARM Cortex-A53. - More smartphones with 3GB RAM memory. 41.000 Overall performance better than 66% of devices. GB (Capacity with the OS (depends on the brand and ROM version): 25-31 GB). - More smartphones with 32GB of internal storage. 5818 Songs , 12800 Photos and 457 Videos. - More smartphones with IMX258 lens model. These are the default features of this smartphone. Most of these features can be achieved with a more advanced camera application, so do not worry if you are missing something like a timer, smile detection, filters, etc.. Dual SIM Dual Standby (Nano SIM + Nano SIM). SIM cards (MiniSIM) can be cut to MicroSIM, MicroSIM can be cut to NanoSIM and a SIM can even be cut to a NanoSIM (although not recommended). Download this SIM Cutting Template and forget about having to ask your operator for a new SIM.... A2DP (Advanced Audio Distribution Profile). - More smartphones with FlyMe 5.6 (Android 6.0 Marshmallow) operating system. Xiaomi Redmi 3S Pro 3GB 32GB. Xiaomi Redmi Note 3 Pro Special edition 3GB 32GB. Xiaomi Redmi 3S Pro 3GB 32GB. The information on this web site is not guaranteed. Kimovil is not responsible for inaccuracies, omissions or any other error in the information. Any warranties regarding this information are disclaimed. Total or partial reproduction of this site is prohibited in any manner without prior written permission. The trademarks, logos and device manufacturers, software, etc. are the property of their respective owners.. Coupons Buying Guide Help Contact Facebook Twitter About Us Terms & Conditions Privacy Cookies. How is the exchange rate calculated?. Email (Optional) We will notify you when it is OK. Email (Optional) We will notify you when it is OK. Add devices to your profile, rate and comment on your smartphones.. There are unanswered questions about the mobile devices you use, please help us by answering them!. 
Select the department you want to search in. Sign in Account & Lists Sign in Account & Lists Orders Try Prime Cart. Your Amazon.com Today's Deals Gift Cards Registry Sell Help Disability Customer Support. Cell Phones & Accessories Carrier Phones Unlocked Phones Prime Exclusive Phones Accessories Cases Wearable Technology Best Sellers Deals Trade-In All Electronics. Original Meizu U10 3GB 32GB Mobile Phone MTK MT6750 Octa Core Fingerprint ID 1920x1080p 5.0" 13.0MP COLORS:BLACK / WHITE / PINK / GOLD. Be the first to review this item. This item at this price, sold by Amazon.com, is currently reserved exclusively for Prime members. Prime free trial and invitee customers: We will automatically apply an Amazon.com Gift Card to your Gift Card Balance in the amount equal to the Prime exclusive discount after you become a paid Prime member. If you cancel your paid Prime membership or return the qualifying smartphone within the first 3 months of your paid Prime membership, we may void your Gift Card or charge you in the amount of the Gift Card. Terms and Conditions apply.. Available from these sellers .. This shopping feature will continue to load items. In order to navigate out of this carousel please use your heading shortcut key to navigate to the next or previous heading.. Page 1 of 1 Start over Page 1 of 1. Samsung Galaxy Core Prime G360M/DS - Unlocked (White). Apple iPhone 8 Plus 256gb Black Unlocked. New Apple iPhone X, GSM Unlocked 5.8", 256 GB - Silver. Apple iPhone 6s Plus 128gb Gold (Verizon Wireless) MKVH2LL/A. Apple iPhone 6 64GB Silver 4.7 4G LTE Factory Unlocked GSM Smartphone. Samsung Galaxy S6 G920F Unlocked Cell Phone - International Sourced Version - White Pearl. Find answers in product info, Q&As, reviews. Please make sure that you are posting in the form of a question.. Don't see what you're looking for?. There was a problem completing your request. Please try your search again later.. Original Meizu U10 3GB 32GB Mobile Phone MTK MT6750 Octa Core Fingerprint ID 1920x1080p 5.0" 13.0MP COLORS:BLACK / WHITE / PINK / GOLD. 3 x 0.3 x 6 inches. #6,003,328 in Cell Phones & Accessories ( See Top 100 in Cell Phones & Accessories ). #32,816 in Cell Phones & Accessories > Unlocked Cell Phones. Be the first to review this item. Product Warranty: For warranty information about this product, please click here. If you are a seller for this product, would you like to suggest updates through seller support ?. Would you like to tell us about a lower price ?. There are no customer reviews yet.. 5 star 5 star (0%) 0% 4 star 4 star (0%) 0% 3 star 3 star (0%) 0% 2 star 2 star (0%) 0% 1 star 1 star (0%) 0%. Share your thoughts with other customers. See and discover other items: octa core phone. There's a problem loading this menu right now.. Get fast, free shipping with Amazon Prime. Prime members enjoy FREE Two-Day Shipping and exclusive access to music, movies, TV shows, original audio series, and Kindle books.. Careers About Amazon Investor Relations Amazon Devices. Sell on Amazon Sell Your Services on Amazon Sell on Amazon Business Sell Your Apps on Amazon Become an Affiliate Advertise Your Products Self-Publish with Us › See all. Amazon Rewards Visa Signature Cards Amazon.com Store Card Amazon.com Corporate Credit Line Shop with Points Credit Card Marketplace Reload Your Balance Amazon Currency Converter. Your Account Your Orders Shipping Rates & Policies Amazon Prime Returns & Replacements Manage Your Content and Devices Amazon Assistant Help. Amazon Music Stream millions of songs. Amazon Drive Cloud storage from Amazon. 6pm Score deals on fashion brands. AbeBooks Books, art & collectibles. ACX Audiobook Publishing Made Easy. Alexa Actionable Analytics for the Web. Amazon Business Everything For Your Business. AmazonFresh Groceries & More Right To Your Door. AmazonGlobal Ship Orders Internationally. Home Services Handpicked Pros Happiness Guarantee. Amazon Inspire Digital Educational Resources. Amazon Rapids Fun stories for kids on the go. Amazon Restaurants Food delivery from local restaurants. Amazon Video Direct Video Distribution Made Easy. Amazon Web Services Scalable Cloud Computing Services. Audible Download Audio Books. AudiobookStand Discount Audiobooks on Disc. Book Depository Books With Free Delivery Worldwide. Box Office Mojo Find Movie Box Office Data. ComiXology Thousands of Digital Comics. CreateSpace Indie Print Publishing Made Easy. DPReview Digital Photography. East Dane Designer Men's Fashion. Fabric Sewing, Quilting & Knitting. Goodreads Book reviews & recommendations. IMDb Movies, TV & Celebrities. IMDbPro Get Info Entertainment Professionals Need. Junglee.com Shop Online in India. Kindle Direct Publishing Indie Digital Publishing Made Easy. Prime Now FREE 2-Hour Delivery on Everyday Items. Prime Photos Unlimited Photo Storage Free With Prime. Shopbop Designer Fashion Brands. TenMarks.com Math Activities for Kids & Schools. Warehouse Deals Open-Box Discounts. Whole Foods Market America’s Healthiest Grocery Store. Withoutabox Submit to Film Festivals. Woot! Deals and Shenanigans. Zappos Shoes & Clothing. Souq.com Shop Online in the Middle East. Subscribe with Amazon Discover & try subscription services. Conditions of Use Privacy Notice Interest-Based Ads © 1996-2018, Amazon.com, Inc. 
Home Shop MWC News Reviews Features Opinions Videos The Gadgets 360 Show Cell Guru Prime Tech Smartphone Reviews Tech and Gadget Reviews How-To Videos Video Game Reviews and Features Top Lists by Gadgets 360 Unboxing and Hands-On Videos Podcasts Compare Mobiles Phone Finder DEALS. Mobiles Tablets Apps Gaming Cameras PC/Laptops AUDIO/VIDEO How To Telecom Science INDIA INTERNET SOCIAL MEDIA WEARABLES हिंदी. Home Mobiles Mobiles News. Meizu U10, U20 Budget Android Smartphones With Fingerprint Scanner Launched. Tasneem Akolawala , 24 August 2016. Share on Facebook Tweet Share Share Email Reddit Comment. Meizu U10 is priced starting at roughly Rs. Meizu U20 is priced starting at roughly Rs. It offers 16GB and 32GB of inbuilt storage options. Meizu has announced two new smartphones in its U series, the U10 and U20 smartphones. The smartphones will come in Black, White, Champagne Gold, and Rose Gold colour variants, and are priced starting CNY 999 (roughly Rs. The smartphones comes in two memory/ storage bundles, and the Meizu U10 2GB RAM/ 16GB storage bundle is priced at CNY 999 (roughly Rs. 10,000), while the 3GB RAM/ 32GB storage bundle is priced at CNY 1,119 (roughly Rs. The Meizu U20 2GB RAM/ 16GB storage bundle is priced at CNY 1,099 (roughly Rs. 11,100), while the 3GB RAM/ 32GB storage bundle is priced at CNY 1,299 (roughly Rs. The Meizu U10 will be available in China starting September 18, while the Meizu U20 will be released earlier on August 28.. As for specifications, the Meizu U10 runs on an Android-based YunOS with Flyme UI and features a hybrid dual-SIM card slot (Nano + Nano/microSD). It features a 5-inch (unspecified resolution) IPS display with 2.5D curved glass protection. It runs on an octa-core processor, and also offers an option to expand storage via microSD card (up to 128GB).. Optics include a 13-megapixel rear camera with dual-tone LED flash, and an adjacent 5-megapixel selfie camera as well. The Meizu U10 packs a 2760mAh battery, and connectivity options include 4G LTE, WiFi 802.11 a/b/g/n, Bluetooth 4.1, GPS.. Apart from a larger display and bigger battery, all the other specifications on the Meizu U20 remain the same. It features a bigger 5.5-inch full-HD (1080x1920 pixels) display, and packs a 3260mAh battery. Both the smartphones come with a fingerprint scanner embedded into the mTouch 2.1 home button. There is no word on whether these smartphones will launch in international markets or not.. For the latest smartphone launches by Samsung, Nokia, Sony, Asus, and other MWC 2018 announcements, visit our MWC hub .. Meizu U10, U20 Budget Android Smartphones With Fingerprint Scanner Launched. More Meizu mobiles Meizu mobiles price in India. Meizu U10, U20 Budget Android Smartphones With Fingerprint Scanner Launched. More Meizu mobiles Meizu mobiles price in India. Further reading: Meizu , Meizu U10 , Meizu U10 Features , Meizu U10 Specifications , Meizu U20 , Meizu U20 Features , Meizu U20 Specifications. Tasneem Akolawala Email Tasneem. When not expelling tech wisdom, Tasneem feeds on good stories that strike on all those emotional chords. She loves road trips, a good laugh, and interesting people. CSC-HP Merger Deal Gets Approval From Competition Commission of India. Xbox gets a ton of games at E3. Meizu U10, U20 Budget Android Smartphones With Fingerprint Scanner Launched. Samsung Galaxy S9 और Galaxy S9+ स्मार्टफोन लॉन्च. Nokia 1 एंड्रॉयड गो स्मार्टफोन हुआ लॉन्च. LG V30S ThinQ के साथ MWC 2018 में एलजी ने दी दस्तक. Samsung Galaxy S9, Galaxy S9+ Launched: What's New?. Why Game of Thrones Creators Writing Star Wars Might Be a Bad, Bad Idea. Design by User Feedback? The Customer Isn't Always Right. PS4 Is a Best-Seller but Here Are 4 Reasons It's Far From Perfect. This Is When the New Nokia Phones Will Launch in India Final Fantasy XV to Get New Episodes Until 2019 Vivo Unveils Concept Phone With Half-Screen Fingerprint Scanning at MWC Metal Gear Survive Has a Hidden Message, This Is What It Could Mean Canon EOS 1500D, EOS 3000D Entry-Level DSLRs Launched in India BSNL Partners Nokia for Rollout of 4G VoLTE Services Sony Unveils Xperia Ear Duo to Answer Apple AirPods, Samsung Gear IconX Sony Xperia XZ2, Xperia XZ2 Compact With 18:9 Displays Launched at MWC Mi MIX 2S With Snapdragon 845 Confirmed by Xiaomi; Launching on March 27 Huawei Launches Windows Laptop and Android Tablet at MWC 2018. Nokia 7 Plus Is an Android One Phone With Dual Rear Cameras, Zeiss Optics Samsung Galaxy S9, Galaxy S9+ With Improved Cameras, AR Emoji Launched Samsung Galaxy S9, Galaxy S9+ Pre-Orders Now Open in India Nokia 7 Plus vs Nokia 7 Nokia 8110 4G Is a 'Slider' Feature Phone With Google, Facebook Apps Sony Unveils Xperia Ear Duo to Answer Apple AirPods, Samsung Gear IconX This Is When the New Nokia Phones Will Launch in India OnePlus 5, OnePlus 5T HD Content Streaming Issue Fixed, With a Catch Vodafone to Offer 4.5GB Data Per Day for 28 Days at Rs. 799: Report Mi MIX 2S With Snapdragon 845 Confirmed by Xiaomi; Launching on March 27. Sitemaps Archives Advertise About Us Feedback Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions Complaint Redressal Careers Contact Us RSS Ethics Gadgets Hindi. © Copyright Red Pixels Ventures Limited 2018. Fields marked with * are mandatory. 
All Mobiles Computers TV Appliances Care Best Products Upcoming Mobiles News Deals Cashback. Mobile Phones / Meizu / Meizu U10 Price in India. Updated On: 26th February 2018. 0 User Ratings 0 Questions & Answers. The U10 features a 5.0-inch IPS LCD HD resolution display with 294 PPI pixel density. Features Flyme UI on top of Android powered by a 1.5 GHz octa-core MT6750 processor. Has 3GB of LPDDR3 RAM with 32GB of storage space. Has a 13MP rear camera, PDAF, dual LED flash, 5MP front camera. Powered by a 2,760mAh battery. Dual SIM support, 4G LTE, Wi-Fi 802.12 a/b/g/n, Bluetooth 4.0, GPS, A-GPS, GLONASS, mTouch fingerprint sensor, microUSB 2.0 .. Key Specifications 3GB RAM 32GB internal storage 2760 mAh battery 13 M.Pixels rear & 5 M.Pixels selfie 5.0 inch screen Dual SIM Android OS. Meizu U10 Price starts at Rs. The Meizu U10 is the smaller version of the Meizu U20, and with a processor that works at a lower frequency. The device is priced at under Rs. The U10 features a 5.0-inch IPS LCD display with HD resolution and 294 PPI pixel density, apt for gaming, movie and video watching. The U20, on the other hand, features a Full HD 5.5-inch display. Both phones feature 2.5D contoured screens. The dimensions of the phone are 141.9 x 69.6 x 7.9 mm while weighing 139 grams. Both device are ergonomically contoured with this device having the advantage of featuring a smaller 5.0-inch display that can be easily handled with one hand. The device is available in rose and champagne gold, black and white exteriors.. The device features Flyme UI on top of Android that is powered by a MediaTek MT6750 chipset that bears an octa-core (two quad-core) Cortex-A53 processor clocked at 1.5 GHz and 3GB of RAM that will effortlessly perform mobile tasks and multitask. The storage space on the phone is limited to 32GB with no option to expand further.. The rear of the phone has a 13-megapixel camera that captures brilliant images with PDAF and dual-LED flash. The front camera, on the other hand, is only 5-megapixels that captures basic images. Nevertheless, the camera app comes with a number of modes, including burst, panorama, night to make the best use of available light. The battery on the phone is 2,760mAh Li-ion that is non-removable that lasts for under a day.. The U10 has space for dual SIM cards out of which one supports 4G mobile data , in addition to supporting Wi-Fi 802.11 a/b/g/n and Bluetooth 4.0. The phone also supports GPS that is aided by A-GPS, and GLONASS. The phone also features an mTouch fingerprint scanner embedded into the home button. IR proximity sensor, ambient light sensor, gyroscope, and a compass are a few other the phone is equipped with.. Meizu U10 Specifications Display Display Type IPS LCD Resolution 720x1280 pixels Size (in inches) 5.0 Pixel Density 294 pixels per inch (ppi) Touchscreen type Capacitive Color Reproduction 16M Colors Screen to body percentage 69.8 % Design and Build Dimensions 5.5 x 2.7 x 0.3 inches Weight 139 grams Software Operating System Android OS Camera Rear Flash Yes, Dual LED Primary 13 M.Pixels Front 5 M.Pixels Video [email. protected] Storage Internal 32GB RAM 3GB Expandable No Battery Type Li-Ion Capacity 2760 mAh Connectivity Bluetooth v4.0 with A2DP Wi-Fi Yes with hotspot 3G Yes USB Micro USB v2.0 2G Yes 4G Yes SIM Configuration Dual SIM GPS Yes NFC Chipset No Infrared No Wired Micro USB v2.0 Processor Architecture Cortex-A53 No of Cores 8 (Octa Core) Make Mediatek MT6750 Frequency 1.5 GHz (Quad Core) + 1.0 GHz (Quad Core) GPU Mali-T860MP2 Sensors Proximity Yes Accelerometer Yes Gyroscope Yes Ambient Light No Fingerprint sensor Yes Sound Loudspeaker Yes Headphones Yes. Please ask the question in above box. 0 Ratings 0 Reviews. 5 0. 4 0. 3 0. 2 0. 1 0. Rate & review this product and help other customers. Meizu mobile price list in India. Oppo F3 Plus price in India (Rs. Samsung Galaxy On Max price in India (Rs. Mi Max 2 price in India (Rs. Oppo F5 Youth price (Rs. Oppo F3 price in India (Rs. Mobile Phones in Price Range Similar to Price of Meizu U10. Meizu U10 and U20 smartphones announced in China. Chinese smartphone vendorMeizuis releasing new series of devices this year It has a lot of midrange smartphone offeringsand itlaunched the affordable M3Ea few weeks backNow the company has revealed yet another smartphone series MeizuU10 and Meizu U20 are two new smartphones in the U seri. All prices in the above table are in Indian Rupees. Cashback will not be credited for purchases in Amazon. The latest price of Meizu U10 was obtained on 26th February 2018 08:17:59 The Meizu U10 is available in The price is valid in all major cities of India including Bangalore, Hyderabad, Chennai, Mumbai, Delhi and Pune. Please check instructions at the specific stores for any deviation. Buy Meizu U10 online in India for the lowest price. You can also avail the options of Cash on Delivery (COD) and EMI on purchase of this product.. Meizu U10 Price in India is Rs. 15,619 as on 26th February 2018 08:17:59. Earn extra cashback on every purchase. Visit BonusApp → Shop → Get cashback. Xiaomi Blackshark LG K10 Plus 2018 Micromax X507 Micromax Canvas Music M1. LG K10 Alpha 2018 Micromax X726 Karbonn A9 Indian 4G Videocon V502430. Upcoming Mobiles Gadget News & Reviews Compare Mobiles Big Billion Day 2017. Contact Us Privacy Terms of Use Blog. © 2017 MySmartPrice Web Technology Private Limited. Made with ❤ in. 
Garantie 2 ans par le SAV Darty. Click & Collect ® 1h. Nouveau Samsung Galaxy S9 | S9+. Entretien et soin de la maison. 5€ de remise Click & Collect. Afin de vous proposer des services et offres adaptés à vos centres d'intérêt, Darty utilise des cookies. En continuant de naviguer sur le site, vous déclarez accepter leur utilisation.. Dont 7,55€ de redevance copie privée. Retrait offert en magasin. Garantie 2 ans par le SAV Darty. Frais de livraison offerts (à partir de 20 € d'achats). Mobile sous Android 5.1 - Lollipop - 4G. Ecran tactile de 5" (12.7 cm) - HD 1280 x 720 pixels. Processeur Octo-coeur 1.5GHz - 32 Go de mémoire. Appareil photo 13 mégapixels - Vidéo HD. Découvrez le U10 de chez Meizu un smartphone au magnifique design compact avec des alliances de verres allié aux performances d'un smartphone haut de gamme pour répondre à vos besoins du quotidien ! Son. écran 5" HD d'une résolution de 1280 x 720 pixels , qui vous offre une qualité visuelle aussi vraie que nature !. Avec des performances puissantes du processeur Octa-Core, d'un réseau 4G et de 3 Go RAM , il vous assure une rapidité et fluidité du système sans précédent même avec plusieurs applications ouvertes lors de vos navigations.. Sa batterie 2760 mAh promet une utilisation sans restriction !. Processeur, système d'exploitation et 4G :. un processeur MT6750 Octa-Core cadencé à 1.5 GHz, couplé à un réseau 4G, il vous assure une navigation et utilisation fluide sans interférence lors de vos différentes utilisation quotidienne,. associé à 3 Go de RAM qui vous permet d'avoir plusieurs applications ouvertes en même temps !. Android 5.1 Lollipop , pour surfer rapidement sur le net en écoutant simultanément votre playlist favorite, et profiter d'une multitude d'applications disponibles sur Google Play.. vous permettra d'accéder aux widgets embarqués tels que Twitter, Facebook, News, météo... et même d'en télécharger sur Google Play ! Appréciez toutes les applications Google, Gmail, Google Maps, You Tube embarqués sur votre téléphone.. Un retour surprenant ! Doté. d'un écran 5" (12.7 cm) HD d'une résolution de 1280 x 720 pixels , il vous garantit une expérience visuelle incomparable,. un retour parfait des images et vidéos avec des couleurs nettes et profondes. Profitez d'une totale immersion lors de vos visionnages multimédia (Photos, Vidéos, Films ou série préférés) .. Lorsque vous basculez votre téléphone pour passer du mode portrait au mode paysage, l'. détecte ce mouvement et modifie l'affichage en conséquence.. d'un appareil photo arrière d'une résolution de 13 mégapixels pour des photos d'une qualité plus vrai que nature avec l'association de la technologie flash 2 tons. caméra frontale de 5 mégapixels , vos selfies sont à couper le souffle et vous pouvez passer vos appels en visiophonie. Prendre une photo n'a jamais été aussi facile ! Avec sa fonction. Rafale, Panorama et son Autofocus haute rapidité (0.2s) !. Capturez chaque moment de votre quotidien !. pour garder en mémoire tous les instants importants de votre vie.. une vitesse de déverrouillage de 0.2 secondes !. Le U10 propose un design premium aux courbes parfaitement tracé, alliance du verre et du métal pour une prise en main optimale !. pour vous connecter sans fil à Internet depuis votre installation domestique, à partir d'un HotSpot ou alors sur le réseau sans fil d'un ami.. pour utiliser un kit piéton sans fi, pour partager vos documents ou pour diffuser votre musique sans fil sur une enceinte Bluetooth.. Idéal pour les piétons comme pour les conducteurs !. vous permet d'écouter vos morceaux musicaux préférés dans les transports ou tout simplement chez vous pour vous relaxer.. Véritable bibliothèque multimédia, il est doté d'une. pour écouter vos vidéos et morceaux de musique avec vos propres écouteurs.. pour un stockage de toutes vos données que vous pouvez. via le port MicroSDHC (carte non fournie).. Le U10 possède un rangement Nano-Sim.. Tactile 12.7 cm (5") - 1280 x 720 pixels. Lecteur et enregistreur de vidéo HD. MP4, 3GP, MOV, MKV, AVI, FLV, MPEG. FLAC, APE, AAC, MKA, OGG, MIDI, M4A, AMR. 32 Go de mémoire ROM, 3 Go de mémoire RAM. Oui Sous réserve de couverture, compatibilité et configuration opérateur. Oui Sous réserve de couverture, compatibilité et configuration opérateur. Oui, Support A-GPS Sous réserve de couverture, compatibilité et configuration opérateur. Oui, accès à Facebook, Messenger, YouTube... Sous réserve de couverture, compatibilité et configuration opérateur. 14.1 x 6.9 x 0.7 cm. - Des pertes assez régulières du réseau wifi - Déjà 2 plantages après 15 jours d'util…. Tim de 59000, un homme, 25-34 ans. Niveau de maîtrise du produit : confirmé. - Des pertes assez régulières du réseau wifi - Déjà 2 plantages après 15 jours d'utilisation - Des appli impossibles à installer à cause d'un bug lors de la mise à jour des services google play nécessaire. Temium CHARGEUR SECTEUR USB 2.1A NOIR. Tetrad Support voiture Universel Aimanté TETRAX Fix. Urban Factory BATTERIE DE SECOURS POWER BANK 2200 MAH BLANCHE. Urban Factory BATTERIE DE SECOURS POWER BANK 4400 MAH NOIRE. Neoxeo BATTERIE DE SECOURS POWER BANK 6000 MAH BLANCHE. Sony BATTERIE DE SECOURS 15000 MAH ARGENT CP-S15. Lexar Micro SDHC 300X 32GO - CLASS 10. Sandisk DUALDRIVE 3.0 16 GO OTG. Wd My Cloud 3To Ethernet / USB 3.0. Pour quel téléphone mobile craquer ?. Envie d'un smartphone ? Vous avez besoin d'un mobile ? Suivez nos conseils pour trouver le téléphone portable qu'il vous faut !. Choisir le bon accessoire pour son téléphone mobile. Tous nos conseils pour trouver les accessoires qu'il faut à votre téléphone !. La disponibilité des modèles sur Darty.com est actualisée en permanence. Les informations « Livraison à domicile », « Retrait en magasin » ou « Exposé dans certains magasins » sont valables au moment de votre connexion sur notre serveur et peuvent varier suivant votre lieu de livraison ou de retrait. Le prix affiché sur le site est celui pratiqué par Darty pour la vente en ligne. Dans le cas d'une offre de réduction de prix, le prix de référence correspond au prix le plus bas pratiqué sur darty.com au cours des 30 jours précédant le début de l'opération. La réduction affichée en pourcentage est calculée sur le prix de référence minoré des montants d’éco-participation et de redevance pour copie privée. Dans le cas où un produit n'est pas disponible à la vente en ligne, le prix pratiqué est celui des magasins Darty de la région Ile de France. Nos offres de produits et nos prix sont valables tant qu'ils sont visibles sur le site.. Les autres produits en Téléphone mobile de marque Meizu. Nos dossiers Tout savoir sur :. La mode bracelet connecté : tests et témoignages. (montant affiché sur chaque fiche produit).. (montant affiché sur chaque fiche produit).. Ajouter à une liste existante :. Chargement de vos listes en cours…. Ajouter à une nouvelle liste :. *Publique : la liste peut être partagée par un lien via les réseaux sociaux à vos proches.. Vous pouvez ajouter une note :. Garantie 2 ans par le SAV Darty. Click & Collect ® 1h. Assistance téléphonique 7j/7 et 24h/24 au 0892 01 10 10 (40 cts/min). Plus de 200 magasins en France !. Découvrez tout l'univers de l'Electroménager, Hifi, High-Tech, Informatique, Cuisine dans le magasin Darty le plus proche de chez vous. Paris , Marseille , Lyon , Nice , Toulouse , Tous les magasins .. Informations sur les traitements de données à caractère personnel. Les offres et promos avant tout le monde. Des conseils et idées pour toutes vos envies.. Vous allez prochainement recevoir la newsletter Darty & Vous ainsi que les bons plans Darty.com .. Pour mieux vous connaître et vous servir, merci de nous indiquer :. Votre civilité * :. Votre nom * :. Votre prénom * :. Votre date de naissance * :. Veuillez indiquer votre date de naissance. Téléphone mobile * :. Veuillez indiquer un numéro de téléphone mobile. Veuillez indiquer un numéro de téléphone mobile valide. J'accepte de recevoir par SMS les informations et les offres commerciales de Darty * :. J'accepte de recevoir par email les informations et offres commerciales des autres entités du Groupe FNAC - Darty * :. La Société Etablissements DARTY et FILS met en œuvre des traitements de données à caractère personnel, dont elle est responsable, ayant pour principales finalités, la gestion de la relation client et les prospects, la gestion et le suivi des commandes et livraisons, la mesure de la qualité et de votre satisfaction, le marketing relationnel. En leur absence, votre commande pourrait ne pas être prise en compte ou son traitement retardé.. Nous vous invitons à réessayer votre inscription à la newsletter ultérieurement.. Vos informations ont bien été enregistrées.. Vous avez sélectionné une offre de notre partenaire Mistergooddeal.. Vous allez être redirigé vers leur site pour finaliser votre achat.. Vous pourrez ensuite revenir sur Darty.com pour poursuivre votre commande.. Merci de votre visite et à bientôt sur Darty.com.. Abonnez-vous à nos tableaux cuisine, déco & DIY. Suivez nos tutos et nos vidéos. Profitez des offres et services Darty où que vous soyez ! Utilisez le scan pour trouver immédiatement vos produits.. La Société Etablissements DARTY et FILS met en œuvre des traitements de données à caractère personnel, dont elle est responsable, ayant pour principales finalités, la gestion de la relation client et les prospects, la gestion et le suivi des commandes et livraisons, la mesure de la qualité et de votre satisfaction, le marketing relationnel. En leur absence, votre commande pourrait ne pas être prise en compte ou son traitement retardé.. 0 Comparer les produits. 0 Produits déjà consultés. Sélectionnez un produit pour l'ajouter au comparateur. Notre équipe vous aide et vous conseille par téléphone du lundi au dimanche de 7h à 22h au 0892 01 10 10 (40 cts/min).. Nos services sont désormais accessibles aux personnes sourdes ou malentendantes .. Besoin d'aide ? Consultez notre FAQ .. Voulez-vous remplacer votre premier produit par celui sélectionné ?. Ce modèle n'est disponible que dans certaines régions. Avant de l'ajouter au panier, nous vous invitons à vérifier s'il peut vous être livré.. Indiquez votre code postal de livraison *. Ce modèle est disponible dans cette région.. 
ENGLISH  MENU. You can manage your notification subscription by clicking on the icon. You are Blocked.Please unblock to get news alerts. Click Here to know more.. Also available in: हिन्दी ಕನ್ನಡ മലയാളം தமிழ் తెలుగు বাংলা ગુજરાતી. News Mobile Telecom Wearables Home-Entertainment Apps Laptop Camera Tablet Gaming. Reviews Mobiles Wearables Home-Entertainment Apps Laptops/PC Tablets. How-To Tips and Tricks Mobile Feature Wearable Feature Home-Entertainment Feature Social Media Feature Apps Feature. Gallery Mobiles Concepts Laptops Reviews Wearables Tablets. Videos Reviews How-to First Impression Unboxing Interviews Features. New Devices Search Mobiles Search Laptops Recent Launches Upcoming Mobiles Compare Mobiles Top 10 Mobiles. Key Specs Overview Images Complete Specs Competitors Videos News. Facebook Twitter Google Plus. Market Status: Not Available in India | Launch Date in India: N/A |. 16 GB 32 GB. 13MP Primary Camera, 5 MP Front Camera. 5.5 inches 1080 x 1920 pixels. Octa core, 1.5 GHz, Cortex A53. Finger print sensor Metal Body. Meizu U10 comes with a 5.5 inches Capacitive Touchscreen. display with a screen resolution of 1080 x 1920 pixels. The smartphone makes use of an Octa core, 1.5 GHz, Cortex A53, MediaTek MT6750 that is coupled with Mali-T860 MP2 GPU,. RAM and 16/32 GB storage, 2/3 GB RAM default memory capacity. This storage can be expanded up to another Up to 128 GB. with the help of a microSD Card.. For imaging, the Meizu U10 sports a 13.0 Megapixels Camera with Yes, Geo Tagging.. Up front, the smartphone from Meizu makes use of a 5.0 Megapixels Camera selfie camera.. The connectivity aspects on board the Meizu U10 includes Yes, Wi-Fi 802.11 a/b/g/n, Wi-Fi hotspot, Yes, v4.1, Yes, microUSB 2.0, Yes, with A-GPS.. The Meizu U10 gets the power from a Li-Ion 2760 mAh battery.. The Meizu U10 runs Android OS, v6.0 (Marshmallow).. The smartphone is priced at Rs. GENERAL Operating System Android OS, v6.0 (Marshmallow) Device type Smart Phone ANNOUNCED Status Not Available in India Global Release Date August 2016 Indian Release Date N/A BODY Dimensions NA Weight NA DISPLAY Screen size 5.5 inches Form Factor Touch Screen resolution 1080 x 1920 pixels Touchscreen Capacitive Touchscreen Technology (Display Type) IPS LCD PROCESSOR CPU Octa core, 1.5 GHz, Cortex A53 GPU Mali-T860 MP2 Chipset MediaTek MT6750 STORAGE Internal Storage 16/32 GB storage, 2/3 GB RAM External Storage Up to 128 GB Card Slot microSD Card Phonebook Unlimited Messaging SMS, MMS, Email, Push Mail, IM Call Records Unlimited CAMERA Primary camera 13.0 Megapixels Camera Front Camera 5.0 Megapixels Camera Video Recording Yes Camera Features Geo Tagging MULTIMEDIA Audio Player MP3, AAC, AAC＋, eAAC＋, WMA Video Player H.264, MPEG-4, H.263, VC-1, WMV7, WMV8 Games Yes FM Radio NA Speakers Yes Audio Jack 3.5mm Audio Jack BATTERY Type Li-Ion 2760 mAh battery Stand by NA Talk time NA CONNECTIVITY GPRS Yes Edge Yes WLAN Yes, Wi-Fi 802.11 a/b/g/n, Wi-Fi hotspot Bluetooth Yes, v4.1 Infrared Port Yes USB Yes, microUSB 2.0 GPS Facility Yes, with A-GPS Browser Yes, HTML5 3G Speed HSDPA, HSUPA, LTE NETWORK SUPPORT 3G HSDPA 850 / 900 / 1900 / 2100 MHz 2G GSM 850 / 900 / 1800 / 1900 MHz (Dual Sim) 4G LTE. 3 GB 13MP. 3 GB 13MP. Samsung Galaxy On Nxt (16GB - 3GB RAM). 3 GB 13MP. Samsung Galaxy J7 Nxt (32GB - 3GB RAM). 3 GB 13MP. &lt;div id=&quot;vt-video-player&quot;&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;script type=&quot;text/javascript&quot;&gt;window.__ventunoplayer = window.__ventunoplayer||[];window.__ventunoplayer.push({video_key: &quot;ODAzNDQxfHwxMDA2fHwwfHx8fHx8&quot;, title: &quot;OnePlus 5 vs Honor 8 Pro vs Nubia M2 Which has the best dual-camera setup ! - GIZBOT&quot;, show_title: &quot;true&quot;, holder_id: &quot;vt-video-player&quot;, player_type: &quot;vp&quot;, width:&quot;100%&quot; , ratio:&quot;4:3&quot;});&lt;/script&gt;&lt;script type=&quot;text/javascript&quot;&gt;var vtn_ply_script = document.createElement(&quot;script&quot;);vtn_ply_script.type = &quot;text/javascript&quot;;vtn_ply_script.async = true;vtn_ply_script.src = &quot;https://pl.ventunotech.com/plugins/cntplayer/ventunoSmartPlayer.js&quot;;var vtn_add_script = document.getElementsByTagName(&quot;head&quot;)[0];vtn_add_script.appendChild(vtn_ply_script);&lt;/script&gt;. Exclusive interview with Leon Zhang, Meizu India. Zen Firefox U105 Smartphone Goes Out Of Stock on HomeShop18 October 21, 2014. Homeshop18's exclusive launch of the Zen Firefox U105, an innovative smartphone at only Rs. 1,999 went stock-out on the launch show. Zen Firefox U105 received a staggering 15,000 orders, and received 20,000 calls, creating a record in itself on the first. Zen U105 Fire With Firefox OS Launched At Rs 1,999 October 17, 2014. As announced a week ago, Zen Mobiles has launched its first Firefox phone called the Zen U105 Fire. Obviously, the Zen U105 Fire will be rivaling with other entry-level Firefox phones like the Spice One Mi-FX 1, Intex Cloud FX and. Meizu U10 and U20 Announced: 6 Worthy Changes in the New Smartphones August 25, 2016. Following the footsteps in Xiaomi, Meizu is also launching a good number of smartphones these days. And, the latest ones to arrive are the Meizu U10 and the Meizu U20. Both the newly announced smartphones are under the company's. Meizu m5 (32GB - 3GB RAM). Meizu m5 (16GB - 2GB RAM). Upcoming Upcoming Upcoming Upcoming Upcoming. Meizu M6 (16GB - 2GB RAM). Meizu M6 (32GB - 3GB RAM). About Us | Terms of Service | Privacy Policy | RSS | Contact Us | Site Feedback | Sitemap. © Greynium Information Technologies Pvt. Stay updated with latest technology news & gadget reviews - Gizbot. You have already selected 4 products. 
Home > Meizu > Meizu U10. Download Meizu U10 Stock Firmware (flash file) How to Flash. On this page, you will find the official link to download Meizu U10 Stock Firmware ROM (flash file) on your Computer. Firmware comes in a zip package, which contains Flash File, Flash Tool, USB Driver and How-to Flash Manual.. File Name : Meizu_U10_5.2.3.0G_OTA.zip File Size : 904 MB How to Flash : Copy update.zip file to phone SD memory and flash it from Recovery Mode. Firmware Link : Click Here to Start Download. File Name : Meizu_U10_6.1.0.0G_OTA.zip File Size : 1017 MB How to Flash : Copy update.zip file to phone SD memory and flash it from Recovery Mode. Firmware Link : Click Here to Start Download. Step 1 : Download and extract the Meizu U10 stock firmware on your computer.. Step 2 : After extracting, you will be able to get the Firmware File, Flash Tool, Driver and How-to Flash Guide.. Step 3 : Install the provided USB Driver on your Computer if in case USB Driver is already installed, SKIP this step).. Step 4 : Follow the How-to Flash Guide to Flash the Firmware on your Meizu U10 Device.. [*] Take a Backup : If you are going to flash the above Firmware on your Meizu U10 device, then take a backup of everything as because your personal data will be deleted after flashing the stock firmware.. [*] The firmware shared on this page is officially released by the company and helps you to recovery your device if you ever got bootloop, software error, update error, hanging and dead issue.. Alcatel Firmware Samsung Firmware Vivo Firmware. Made with ♥ in Spain | Powered by BlueHost. 
Coupons Deals and Sales Reviews News How to Choose tablet Choose RAM Choose processor Choose PC Choose monitor Choose graphics card Choose laptop Graphics card Motherboard Periphery Headphone Headset Keyboard Speaker Mouse Smartphone. Home / Reviews / Meizu U10 Review: cheap smartphone with flagship design. Meizu U10 Review: cheap smartphone with flagship design Tomas Shellby October 30, 2016. Meizu U10: Appearance, connectors, buttons and sensors Meizu U10: CPU Meizu U10: Memory Meizu U10: Autonomy Meizu U10: Camera Meizu U10: Display Meizu U10: Networking opportunities Meizu U10: Sound Meizu U10: software part Meizu U10: Individual characteristics Meizu U10: Advantages and disadvantages Pros: It looks expensive, elegant and stylish; availability of fingerprint; quality display and a sufficient level of performance; nice price, taking into account design. Minuses: combo slot, have to give up an additional SIM card or from the installation of the stick; housing impractical. Folding design and the glass on the rear is not the best way affect maintainability, and the cost of operation, respectively. To fit the smartphone Our review Meizu U10. At the end of the summer of 2016 the company introduced its new Maze line of smartphones, represented by U10 and U20. This inexpensive device with the familiar for its price category iron. Their main feature – it’s attractive design with a glossy casing of metal and glass. In this review, we will talk about Meizu U10, which has a smaller screen (and hence the dimensions), and at the same time is cheaper.. During configuration with 2/16 GB memory sizes are asking from 148 USD, and from 167 USD for the version with 3/32 GB. These prices are about, and expired at the time of this review. It remains to find out what is a smartphone from the Meizu, costing less than $ 200.. Check price and buy Meizu smartphones HERE. Meizu U10 was completely rethought the design. Yes, before smart phones from this manufacturer is also looked good, but now it’s a completely different level. Front and back panel completely covers 2.5D rounded glass.. It is scratch-resistant and covered oleophobic layer, through which the fingers glide over its surface.. Frames of metal got a rectangular shape, and they were raised beveled edges, emphasizing the nature of the material.. The available colors: black, white, gold, and pink. Regardless of the color, the panel will mirror and glossy. The black device looks just gorgeous. However, exactly as long as not to touch it. Even after a brief use of the housing scary to watch because of the many prints and grease stains.. Oleophobic layer simply can not cope with them. I am glad that on the panel of a different color (white, for example) such ugliness is almost not visible.. Location is quite familiar elements, not counting the 3.5 mm connector. Tray for installing the SIM card, and MicroSD storage is on the left side of the face on the right is a power and volume buttons. The upper edge is empty, but in the lower fit MicroUSB connector with OTG support, standard audio jack, opening the main speaker and microphone.. Conventional touch buttons for navigation or on a panel or on the screen is not here. Instead, under the screen installed mTouch 2.1 universal button, sensor and mechanical at the same time. Used to navigate the operating system interface has an integrated fingerprint reader. 5 memorizes fingerprints detection angle reaches 360 degrees. The sensor is not as fast as that of champions, but the response speed and accuracy more than satisfactory. Product dimensions: 141.9 x 69.6 x 7.9 mm, its weight – 139 g.. The smartphone is equipped with 8-core entry-level MediaTek 6750, with ARM.bigLITTLE architecture. The nuclei Cortex-A53 are divided into 2 clusters: 4 of them work with a frequency of 1.5 GHz, and the remaining 4 are limited to 1 GHz. The role of the graphics accelerator performs the Mali-T860 chip. The results of synthetic test Antutu: from 31 to 40 thousand points.. In this example, the performance depends on the firmware version, and on the amount of RAM.. In practice, the smartphone confidently cope with trivial tasks. Load the machine and make to think, of course, possible. But for this price range the device is quite normal. Run any resource-intensive 3D games, though not always at the highest level of graphics. With intense loads of problems with excessive heating of the body is not observed.. The smartphone is available in two configurations: 2 or 3 GB of RAM and 16 or 32 GB of ROM. As for memory, the version with 3 GB of RAM will show a little better performance in games. And for the multitasking will be a little more free memory. That is, you can safely use the version to 2 GB, the level of its performance for the eyes not enough for the most demanding users.. With built-in storage situation is as follows. If you need a lot of space, and it is planned to use two SIM – will have to take a configuration with 32 GB. If you want to save a little, and it is possible to do without an additional SIM cards, apparently fit and option of 16 GB. In this case, the space is easily expanded up to 128 GB with an external MicroSD storage.. At the beginning of the review mentioned about the striking similarity between the filling and U10. So, the battery – this is an exception: with 3020 mAh capacity reduced to 2760 mAh. The only logical explanation for such a downgrade may be considered an attempt to influence the size of the manufacturer. As a result – the thickness of the U10 housing is 7.9 mm to 8.3 mm at the M3s.. With average usage the battery can withstand 1 day. For with the same mode of operation to achieve the work during the day, will have to learn to save. For example, do not start the game, reducing the brightness, switch off unused network modules use advanced power-saving mode.. The smartphone uses a 13-megapixel photo module, which consists of 5 lenses. Complemented he bitonal flash and autofocus rapid phase PDAF. The value of the aperture is F / 2.2. simple and concise camera interface, but has everything you need. There are different modes for portraits, macro, panoramas, a built-in QR-scanner. It is worth noting the presence of manual settings for exposure values of self-selection, ISO, and others.. Daytime shots will be pleased enough high detail, good color reproduction, good picture sharpness. But with a lack of lighting the camera will behave as if it replaced. Just a lot of noise will greatly drop sharpness and detail, and white balance will live their lives. Since the camera does not differ from that set at Meizu M3s, the picture quality will be similar.. Maximum video recording resolution – FullHD. Day rolls are written at 30 f / s, in the conditions of lack of coverage drops to 20 f / s. The front camera is a 5 megapixel unit with F / 2.0 aperture. Software in the camera stuffed a bunch of various filters. And all for the sake of smooth skin effect. The smartphone is set IPS screen with a diagonal of 5 inches. Resolution images – 1280 x 720 pixels, pixel density of 296 PPI. Image of smooth and beautiful, nice color, you can manually adjust the color temperature. Maximum screen brightness is not prohibitive (397 cd / m²), but quite sufficient. Apply full lamination technology GFF: the image contrast and the sensor layer clearly fulfills all touch.. The combo slot is possible to install two Nano-SIM cards. Moreover, both can work in 2G networks, 3G and 4G. The device is equipped with Bluetooth 4.0 BLE with low power consumption, as well as WiFI wireless module capable of operating in the range of 2.4 or 5 GHz. The work of the satellite navigation system can provide GPS geopositioning supporting A-GPS, and GLONASS. Navigation works as it should, however, like all other network communications.. The main speaker at an affordable smartphone from Maisie often criticized for mediocre sound quality. And this despite the fact that people who listen to music through the speakers, there are not too many. There is installed the most usual budget loudspeaker. Volume enough to hear the alarm clock, notifications or call. And to listen to music, you need to use a good set of headphones. Then there will be an appropriate and sound quality.. Meizu U10, which are sold on the domestic market in China, come with OSes YunOS. At the time of this review there is already the first global multilingual firmware Flyme 5.2.3.0G, based on Android 6.0. Typically, sellers and shops set global firmware before the device will fall into our hands. Moreover, self-flashing is not an issue for experienced users.. Flyme shell apart from the standard functional Android has its own interface and advanced settings. Characterized by the absence (all icons are on the desktop) menu button. In most cases, the software on Meizu software runs quite stable. Besides, Flyme constantly being finalized, and is updated as new versions of the software.. Maze in the first segment of the average person uses a combination of design, housing material and workmanship.. Meizu U10 – it’s a good choice for people with a budget that does not exceed 170 USD expect to get the most beautiful 5-inch smartphone. In addition to the design criteria for the list can include a stable operation of the device, fresh and functional software is decent daytime shots, sufficient performance and a good display.. Release Meizu U10 (and U20) – a kind of experiment of the company: to take a ready-made successful stuffing, and place in a premium package. Those who follow the novelties, indignant, they say, “ay-ay-ay, Maisie, do so badly.” But what is wrong with such a decision? Previously, a beautiful, high-quality design has been the prerogative of only the image and flagship models. But not all were ready to give their blood for the expensive and glossy high-tech toy. Manufacturers have understood it, so now even cheaper $ 100 state employees can look very well. Check price and buy Meizu smartphones HERE. Meizu U10 Review: cheap smartphone with flagship design was last modified: May 12th, 2017 by Tomas Shellby. Related posts: Meizu M5 Review Android smartphone Meizu MX6 review Android smartphone ZUK Edge Review: smartphone with narrow frames and powerful processor Review Xiaomi Mi5c: more Xiaomi, good and different?. Related Items Android Meizu Meizu U10 review smartphone U10. ← Previous Story Samsung Galaxy C5 Review thin metal smartphone. Next Story → Chieftec GP-01B-OP Review computer case. Honor View 10 and beginnings of sale of Honor 7X. OnePlus 5T with the price of $500 for the basic version. Xiaomi Mi MIX 2s with unusual design!. Latest news Latest news. By Jim McDonald Intel Core i7-8709G with a GPU of Radeon RX Vega M. Intel Core i7-8709G – new processor with a little secret… It is no secret that now engineers of Intel and Radeon Technologies Group work on the Kaby Lake-G processors.... Jim McDonald | December 6, 2017 Jim McDonald | December 1, 2017 Jim McDonald | December 1, 2017 Jim McDonald | November 22, 2017. Honor View 10 and beginnings of sale of Honor 7X. The stocks Electronic Arts in a month dropped by 8,5%. Philips 328P6AUBREB – the monitor with HDR support. Jim McDonald | December 26, 2017 Jim McDonald | December 6, 2017 Jim McDonald | December 1, 2017 Jim McDonald | December 1, 2017. Intel Core i7-8709G with a GPU of Radeon RX Vega M. Honor View 10 and beginnings of sale of Honor 7X. The stocks Electronic Arts in a month dropped by 8,5%. Philips 328P6AUBREB – the monitor with HDR support. 
Listed Price : Price Not Available. Sales Package Handset, Battery, Charger,User Manual. Display Resolution full HD (1920*1080 pixels). Display Technology 2.5D Curved Glass Protection. SD Card Presence/Capacity microSD, up to 128 GB. Camera resolution 13 MP with ƒ/2.2 aperture. Camera Features 5-element lens, Burst mode, Panorama mode, High-speed phase detection AF, Dual LED flash. Secondary Camera 5 MP with ƒ/2.0 aperture, 4-element lens, Beauty features. Size (L by B by T) 141.9 * 69.9 * 7.9 mm. Meizu U10, U20 smartphones with fingerprint scanner, LTE support launched: Price, specifications, features. 5,890 Buy Now. Meizu U10 smartphone flaunts a 5.0-inch full HD (1080p) display. It is also powered by an octa-core processor. On the photography a 13-megapixel rear camera with dual-tone LED flash and 5-megapixel selfie camera, and powered by a 2,760mAh battery. Connectivity options include dual-SIM, 4G LTE support, Wi-Fi, and Bluetooth.. Camera 13 MP with ƒ/2.2 aperture. Own this mobile? Be first to review. Sambit Satpathy on Aug 24, 2016 05:47 PM. Meizu has launched two affordable smartphones in China, .... Write a Review on Meizu U10. Canon #Speedlite 470EX-AI is the most intelligent flash system @CanonUSA #Speedlite #Speedlite buff.ly/2F493wl https://t.co/Zjwmc0zHIp. MWC 2018: Sony Xperia Ear Duo launched @sonyxperia @SonyXperiaIndia @sony_india @Sony … buff.ly/2FzZ1kE. #MWC2018 : Sony #MWC2018 , #MWC2018 launched with bezel-less design @sonyxperia … buff.ly/2FtQbVj. 
Largest Gadget Discovery Site in India. OnePlus 5T Xiaomi Redmi 5A Apple iPhone X Honor 7X Oppo F5. Updated on: Feb 26, 2018. A Chinese brand, MEIZU has been making phones for over a decade, but it entered India in 2015. The firm is known to make good-looking devices that are priced competitively.. MEIZU currently has 28 operational service centres in India. MEIZU smartphone users can contact customer care via the hotline number 1800 3070 9925, or send an e-mail to csindia@meizu.com to get their devices repaired.. Goodlooking Impressive cameras Great configuration Strong battery backup. The Meizu U10 renders fast performance thanks to its great configuration. With a strong battery backup, impressive cameras, a fingerprint sensor for security and a large expandable memory, the phone is a great choice.. The Meizu U10 comes with a 5.5-inch IPS LCD display with a resolution of 1,080 x 1,920 pixels and a pixel density of 401ppi. This assures that the pictures produced in the device are vibrant and full of life. Flaunting 2.5D curved glass design on both its front and back sides, the device looks beautiful. It is available in four colour variants, White Crescent, Sky Black, Champagne Gold, and Rose Gold.. The device sails on Android v6.0 (Marshmallow) based YunOS with Flyme UI. The smartphone is powered a 1.5GHz MediaTek MT6750 octa-core (1.5 GHz, Quad core, Cortex A53 + 1 GHz, Quad core, Cortex A53) processor which is aided by 2GB of RAM. It is further assisted by Mali-T860 MP2 GPU for gaming and visual needs.. The device has a 13MP camera on the rear with dual LED flash and a 5MP camera on the front for taking selfies. For storing your data, the device has 16GB of internal storage and also comes with hybrid SIM slot that can accommodate microSD cards of up to 128GB, if it's not being used by another SIM.. The Meizu U10 is loaded with several connectivity features that include 4G, Wi-Fi with hotspot, Bluetooth v4.1, GPS with A-GPS, NFC and microUSB 2.0. It also comes with a fingerprint sensor. Other sensors available in this device are light, proximity, accelerometer, compass and gyroscope. The device is fuelled by a 2,760mAh li-polymer battery which is quite good.. This product is currently not available in any online store.. Apply for a credit card on bankbazaar.com, and get free Amazon vouchers worth Rs. Octa core (1.5 GHz, Quad Core + 1 GHz, Quad core). Performance ▾. Group: 8 - 12 K Phones Based on specs, benchmarks & expert ratings. See Best Performance Phones in 8 - 12 K. 8 - 12 K Phones All Phones. Display ▾. Group: 8 - 12 K Phones Based on specs, benchmarks & expert ratings. See Phones with Best Display in 8 - 12 K. 8 - 12 K Phones All Phones. Camera ▾. Rear Camera compared to. Group: 8 - 12 K Phones Based on specs, benchmarks & expert ratings. See Best Rear Camera Phones in 8 - 12 K. 8 - 12 K Phones All Phones. Battery ▾. Group: 8 - 12 K Phones Based on specs, benchmarks & expert ratings. See Phones with Best Battery Life in 8 - 12 K. 8 - 12 K Phones All Phones. Supports Indian bands 16 GB + 128 GB Expandable Dual SIM: Nano + Nano (Hybr... Meizu U10 is currently out of stock. Here are similar products that are available in store. Mobile Phones in range of 5000 to 10000. 8 - 12 K Phones all phones. SIM1: Nano SIM2: Nano (Hybrid) Network. 4G: Available (supports Indian bands) 3G: Available, 2G: Available Fingerprint Sensor. Black, White, Champagne Gold, Rose Gold. 5.5 inches (13.97 cm) Screen Resolution. Full HD (1080 x 1920 pixels) Pixel Density. Group: 8 - 12 K Phones Based on specs, benchmarks & expert ratings See Phones with Best Display in 8 - 12 K. 8 - 12 K Phones All Phones. Pixel Density compared to. Group: 8 - 12 K Phones Based on specs, benchmarks & expert ratings See Phones with Sharpest Screen in 8 - 12 K. 8 - 12 K Phones All Phones. Octa core (1.5 GHz, Quad core, Cortex A53 + 1 GHz, Quad core, Cortex A53). Group: 8 - 12 K Phones Based on specs, benchmarks & expert ratings See Best Performance Phones in 8 - 12 K. 8 - 12 K Phones All Phones. Group: 8 - 12 K Phones Based on specs, benchmarks & expert ratings See Phones with Best Processor in 8 - 12 K. 8 - 12 K Phones All Phones. Quad core, 1.5 GHz, Cortex A53 + Quad core, 1 GHz Cortex A53, Chipset: MediaTek. Octa core, 1.4 GHz, Cortex A7, Chipset: Mediatek MT6592M. Octa core, 2.2 GHz, Cortex A53, Chipset: Qualcomm MSM8953 Pro Snapdragon 626. Group: 8 - 12 K Phones Based on specs, benchmarks & expert ratings See Phones with Highest RAM in 8 - 12 K. 8 - 12 K Phones All Phones. Group: 8 - 12 K Phones Based on specs, benchmarks & expert ratings See Phones with Best Storage in 8 - 12 K. 8 - 12 K Phones All Phones. Internal Memory compared to. Group: 8 - 12 K Phones Based on specs, benchmarks & expert ratings See Phones with Highest Internal Memory in 8 - 12 K. 8 - 12 K Phones All Phones. Exposure compensation, ISO control Shooting Modes. Continuos Shooting, High Dynamic Range mode (HDR) Camera Features. Digital Zoom, Auto Flash, Face detection, Touch to focus Video Recording. Rear Camera compared to. Group: 8 - 12 K Phones Based on specs, benchmarks & expert ratings See Best Rear Camera Phones in 8 - 12 K. 8 - 12 K Phones All Phones. Main Camera compared to. Group: 8 - 12 K Phones Based on specs, benchmarks & expert ratings See Phones with Best Main Camera in 8 - 12 K. 8 - 12 K Phones All Phones. Front Camera compared to. Group: 8 - 12 K Phones Based on specs, benchmarks & expert ratings See Phones with Highest Front Camera Resolution in 8 - 12 K. 8 - 12 K Phones All Phones. Group: 8 - 12 K Phones Based on specs, benchmarks & expert ratings See Phones with Best Battery Life in 8 - 12 K. 8 - 12 K Phones All Phones. SIM1: Nano, SIM2: Nano (Hybrid) Network Support. 4G (supports Indian bands), 3G, 2G SIM 1 SIM 2 Wi-Fi. TD-LTE 2300(band 40) FD-LTE 1800(band 3). GSM 1800 / 1900 / 850 / 900 MHz. GSM 1800 / 1900 / 850 / 900 MHz. Light sensor, Proximity sensor, Accelerometer, Compass, Gyroscope. Disclaimer: The price & specs shown may be different from actual. Please confirm on the retailer site before purchasing. Show only Android Meizu Phablet Dual SIM Camera 2 MP & above Camera 5 MP & above Camera 8 MP & above Camera 12 MP & above. I don't want to see this. THIS COMPETITOR HAS OS: Android Screen size: 5.5 inches. Quad core 1.8 GHz vs Quad core 1.5 GHz. Higher battery capacity: 3260 mAH vs 2760 mAH. RAM: 2 GB Primary camera: 13 MP SIM card slots: 2 Pixel density: 401 ppi Internal Memory: 16 GB 131 people viewed together 308 people compared together. I don't want to see this. More RAM: 4 GB vs 2 GB. Higher primary camera resolution: 16 MP vs 13 MP. Higher battery capacity: 4070 mAH vs 2760 mAH. OS: Android Screen size: 5.5 inches SIM card slots: 2 Pixel density: 401 ppi 58 people viewed together 42 people compared together. More internal memory: 32 GB vs 16 GB. Higher secondary camera resolution: 8 MP vs 5 MP. Dual core 2.34 GHz vs Quad core 1.5 GHz. I don't want to see this. Octa core 1.3 GHz vs Quad core 1.5 GHz. More RAM: 3 GB vs 2 GB. Higher battery capacity: 3000 mAH vs 2760 mAH. OS: Android Primary camera: 13 MP SIM card slots: 2 Internal Memory: 16 GB 41 people compared together. Smaller screen : 5.2 inches vs 5.5 inches. Lower pixel density: 282 ppi vs 401 ppi. I don't want to see this. THIS COMPETITOR HAS OS: Android Screen size: 5.5 inches. More RAM: 3 GB vs 2 GB. More internal memory: 32 GB vs 16 GB. Quad core 1.5 GHz Primary camera: 13 MP Battery capacity: 2760 mAH SIM card slots: 2 Pixel density: 401 ppi 179 people viewed together 60 people compared together. I don't want to see this. Octa core 2.0 GHz vs Quad core 1.5 GHz. More RAM: 3 GB vs 2 GB. Higher battery capacity: 4100 mAH vs 2760 mAH. OS: Android Screen size: 5.5 inches Primary camera: 13 MP SIM card slots: 2 Pixel density: 401 ppi 59 people compared together. More internal memory: 32 GB vs 16 GB. I don't want to see this. Quad core 2.1 GHz vs Quad core 1.5 GHz. More RAM: 3 GB vs 2 GB. Higher battery capacity: 3340 mAH vs 2760 mAH. OS: Android Screen size: 5.5 inches SIM card slots: 2 Pixel density: 401 ppi 50 people compared together. More internal memory: 32 GB vs 16 GB. Higher secondary camera resolution: 8 MP vs 5 MP. Lower primary camera resolution: 12 MP vs 13 MP. Questions and Answers View all FAQs about Meizu U10. Please write your question as a complete sentence while asking a new question. Write Your Question as a complete sentence, then press Ask a Question. Be the first one to ask a question? Ask a Question. Subscribe for top stories, new launches & expert reviews!. Home | Privacy | Sitemap | About Us | Contact Us | Visitor Agreement | Terms & Conditions |. News & Reviews | हिंदी न्यूज़. 
The next video is starting stop. Want to watch this again later?. Sign in to add this video to a playlist.. Sign in to report inappropriate content.. Sign in to make your opinion count.. Sign in to make your opinion count.. The interactive transcript could not be loaded.. Rating is available when the video has been rented.. This feature is not available right now. Vidéo de présentation de mon nouveau portable personnel, le Meizu U10. Dans cette vidéo je vous donnes mon avis sur les points positifs et négatifs du smartphone. Je n'ai pas trop souhaité m'attarder sur les caractéristiques puisque vous pouvez trouver ça facilement sur Internet, c'est pour cela que je vous donnes mon avis global ! N'hésitez pas à laisser vos retours en commentaires.. When autoplay is enabled, a suggested video will automatically play next.. 💈Meizu M5 : Un smartphone pas cher à 169 € ! (test fr)💈. Test : Meizu U20 - Un peu d'iPhone 4 dans votre Meizu ?. Meizu M3S - 2017 : Test Français. Meizu U20: Smartphone 4G Class and Affordable. Test du Meizu MX6 Daddy Dtech (4K). Un smartphone avec un écran au dos !. Meizu U10 (BLACK) - у крутых парней, он - ЧЁРНЫЙ!. 10 FONCTIONS SECRÈTES CACHÉES DANS LES TÉLÉPHONES | Lama Faché. Видео обзор смартфона Meizu U10 16 ГБ черный. LE PIRE SMARTPHONE DU MONDE !. Meizu U10 / Unboxing Meizu U10. Meizu U10 - Greek Review (by foxosmall.com). Unboxing : Meizu M5 - Une légère évolution par rapport au M3S. Test'Xpress : Meizu U20 - Un peu d'iPhone 4 dans votre Meizu ?. Sign in to add this to Watch Later. 
Home › Meizu › U10 Meizu U10 - Camera. Last viewed devices List of mobile devices, whose specifications have been recently viewed.. Width Height Thickness Weight Write a review. Specifications Display Camera CPU Battery Prices 5. Dimensions : 69.6 x 141.9 x 7.9 mm Weight : 139 g SoC : MediaTek MT6750 CPU : 4x 1.5 GHz ARM Cortex-A53, 4x 1.0 GHz ARM Cortex-A53, Cores : 8 GPU : ARM Mali-T860 MP2, 520 MHz, Cores : 2 RAM : 2 GB, 3 GB, 667 MHz Storage : 16 GB, 32 GB Memory cards : microSD, microSDHC, microSDXC Display : 5 in, IPS, 720 x 1280 pixels, 24 bit Battery : 2760 mAh, Li-Polymer OS : FlyMe (Yun OS) Camera : 4160 x 3120 pixels, 1920 x 1080 pixels, 30 fps SIM card : Nano-SIM, Nano-SIM / microSD Wi-Fi : a, b, g, n, n 5GHz, Dual band, Wi-Fi Hotspot USB : 2.0, Micro USB Bluetooth : 4.1 Positioning : GPS, A-GPS, GLONASS. Resolution of the camera, other Meizu models Resolution of the camera of Meizu U10 and data about other Meizu models that have the same or similar camera resolution. Resolution of the camera, models from other brands Resolution of the camera of Meizu U10 and data about models from other brands that have the same or similar camera resolution.. 12.03 MP (4000 x 3008 pixels) 12.03 MP (4000 x 3008 pixels) 12.98 MP (4160 x 3120 pixels) 12.98 MP (4160 x 3120 pixels) 12.98 MP (4160 x 3120 pixels) 12.98 MP (4160 x 3120 pixels) 12.98 MP (4160 x 3120 pixels) 12.98 MP (4160 x 3120 pixels) 12.98 MP (4160 x 3120 pixels) 12.98 MP (4160 x 3120 pixels) 12.98 MP (4160 x 3120 pixels) 12.98 MP (4160 x 3120 pixels) 12.98 MP (4160 x 3120 pixels) 12.98 MP (4160 x 3120 pixels) 12.98 MP (4160 x 3120 pixels) 12.98 MP (4160 x 3120 pixels) 12.98 MP (4160 x 3120 pixels) 12.98 MP (4160 x 3120 pixels) 13.01 MP (4192 x 3104 pixels) 13.13 MP (4208 x 3120 pixels) 13.13 MP (4208 x 3120 pixels) 15.93 MP (4608 x 3456 pixels) 15.93 MP (4608 x 3456 pixels) 20.66 MP (5248 x 3936 pixels) 20.66 MP (5248 x 3936 pixels) 20.66 MP (5248 x 3936 pixels) 20.66 MP (5248 x 3936 pixels) 21.16 MP (5312 x 3984 pixels) 21.46 MP (5344 x 4016 pixels) 21.46 MP (5344 x 4016 pixels). 12.98 MP (4160 x 3120 pixels) 12.98 MP (4160 x 3120 pixels) 12.98 MP (4160 x 3120 pixels) 12.98 MP (4160 x 3120 pixels) 12.98 MP (4160 x 3120 pixels) 12.98 MP (4160 x 3120 pixels) 12.98 MP (4160 x 3120 pixels) 12.98 MP (4160 x 3120 pixels) 12.98 MP (4160 x 3120 pixels) 12.98 MP (4160 x 3120 pixels) 12.98 MP (4160 x 3120 pixels) 12.98 MP (4160 x 3120 pixels) 12.98 MP (4160 x 3120 pixels) 12.98 MP (4160 x 3120 pixels) 12.98 MP (4160 x 3120 pixels) 12.98 MP (4160 x 3120 pixels) 12.98 MP (4160 x 3120 pixels) 12.98 MP (4160 x 3120 pixels) 12.98 MP (4160 x 3120 pixels) 12.98 MP (4160 x 3120 pixels) 12.98 MP (4160 x 3120 pixels) 12.98 MP (4160 x 3120 pixels) 12.98 MP (4160 x 3120 pixels) 12.98 MP (4160 x 3120 pixels) 12.98 MP (4160 x 3120 pixels) 12.98 MP (4160 x 3120 pixels) 12.98 MP (4160 x 3120 pixels) 12.98 MP (4160 x 3120 pixels) 12.98 MP (4160 x 3120 pixels) 12.98 MP (4160 x 3120 pixels) 12.98 MP (4160 x 3120 pixels) 12.98 MP (4160 x 3120 pixels) 12.98 MP (4160 x 3120 pixels). Dimensions : 69.6 x 141.9 x 7.9 mm Weight : 139 g SoC : MediaTek MT6750 CPU : 4x 1.5 GHz ARM Cortex-A53, 4x 1.0 GHz ARM Cortex-A53, Cores : 8 GPU : ARM Mali-T860 MP2, 520 MHz RAM : 2 GB, 3 GB, 667 MHz Storage : 16 GB, 32 GB Display : 5 in, IPS, 720 x 1280 pixels, 24 bit Battery : 2760 mAh, Li-Polymer OS : FlyMe (Yun OS) Camera : 4160 x 3120 pixels, 1920 x 1080 pixels, 30 fps. The information on this website is provided on "as is, as available basis" without warranty of any kind. DeviceSpecifications is not responsible for any omissions, inaccuracies or other errors in the information it publishes. All warranties with respect to this information are disclaimed. Reproduction of any part of this website in its entirety or partially or in any form or medium without prior written permission is prohibited. The trademarks, marques and logos of the manufacturers of devices, software, hardware, etc. are the property of their respective owners.. 
MEIZU U10 Protective Carrying Case, Pouch with belt clip, Sleeve, Holster, Pocket, Holder, Belt Case, Genuine Leather Wallet, Handmade Flip Case Cover, Leather Foilo Wallet Case, Leather Book Stand Case, Leather Kickstand Case and Accessories - Buy it online! Enjoy 10% OFF + FREE SHIPPING Looking for style and convenience MEIZU U10 case to best protect your MEIZU U10? As a trusted name when it comes to phone protection and accessories, you will find everything you need to keep your MEIZU U10 protected from scratches and other harms. From MEIZU U10 premium genuine leather case, handmade wallet, carrying sleeve, protective holster, custom flip cover to luxury pouch, we design a solution for every customer regardless of their lifestyle. Our quality full grain leather MEIZU U10 case is the right choice for your phones. Now we offer premium handcrafted leather cases, custom pouches, holsters, leather sleeves, premium wallets and much more. Explore more of the best premium leather MEIZU U10 case below.. Luxury Leather Holster Pouch Case for MEIZU U10. Leather Horizontal Pouch Case with Belt Clip for MEIZU U10. Leather Vertical Pouch Belt Clip Case for MEIZU U10. Leather Vertical Pouch Case for MEIZU U10. Leather Card Wallet for MEIZU U10. Leather Wallet Pouch for MEIZU U10. Continental Leather Wallet Case for MEIZU U10. Leather Zip Wallet Case for Cellphone (Black Pebble Leather/Red Stitch). Leather Zip Wallet Case for Cellphone (Red Pebble Leather). Leather Zip Wallet Case for Cellphone (Lizard Skin Pattern). Luxury Leather Holster Pouch Case for MEIZU U10 (Black Stitch). Luxury Leather Holster Pouch Case for MEIZU U10 (Brown). Luxury Leather Holster Pouch Case for MEIZU U10 (Tan). Leather Card Wallet for MEIZU U10 (Brown). Leather Wallet Pouch for MEIZU U10 (Brown). Car Gadget , Car Mount and Car Accessories. VR Box Virtual Reality 3D Glasses (White). VR Box Virtual Reality 3D Headset Glasses (Black). 6-Port USB Smart Desktop Charger With QC 2.0 + Type-C (35W 7A) (Black). 6-Port USB Desktop Charger (30W 6A) (Silver). Wood Stand Holder With USB Fan for Smartphone, iPhone or Cell Phone. 60W 6-Port USB Car Charger with One QC3.0 Port (Black). 4-Port Car 10A FAST Car Charger With QC 3.0 and Type-C (50W). 4-Port 10A Car Fast Car Charger (50W) (Black). MEIZU U10 Tough Armor Protective Case (Silver). MEIZU U10 Tough Armor Protective Case (Grey). MEIZU U10 Tough Armor Protective Case (Red). MEIZU U10 Tough Armor Protective Case (Blue). MEIZU U10 Tough Armor Protective Case (Gold). Waterproof Bag Case for Smartphone ( 6" or below 6 inch ). 2 in 1 Aluminum Alloy USB 3.1 Type-C and Micro USB Braided Cable (1M). Aluminum Alloy and Braided Wire Type-C Chargering Cable (1M). Aluminum Alloy and Braided Wire USB-C to USB A 3.0 Braided Cable (1M). Aluminum Alloy Braided Wire USB 2.0 to Type-C Braided Cable. Multi-color QC Type-C Charging and Data Cable (1M). USB Type-C Charging Adapter 1 x USB 3.0 + 1 x USB Type-C Charging Port. USB Type-C Charging HUB Adapter 2 x USB 3.0 + 1 x LAN + Type-C. Aluminum 4-Port Super Speed USB 3.0 HUB / Type-C 4-Port Super Speed USB 3.0 HUB (Silver). USB Flash Drive 8G/16G/32G/64G/128G with Lightning and Micro USB Connector for iPhone & iPad, Android Cell Phone and Computer. Hi-Speed USB Flash Drive 32GB, 64GB and 128GB with Lightning Connector for iPhone, iPad, iPod & Computer (Pearl Silver). Super Speed USB 3.0 Flash Drive 16G, 32G and 64G with Micro USB Connector for Android, Windows and Mac OS - Jack Design (Pearl Silver). Super Speed USB 3.0 Flash Drive 16G, 32G and 64G with Type-C Connector for Android, Windows and Mac OS - Jack Design (White Chrome Silver). 2 in 1 USB to Micro USB Lightning Retractable Cable (Black). 2 in 1 USB to Micro USB Lightning Retractable Cable (Blue). 2 in 1 USB to Micro USB Lightning Retractable Cable (White). 2 in 1 USB to Micro USB Lightning Retractable Cable (Rose Gold). Nylon Micro USB or Lightning or Type-C to USB Sync Charging Data Cable (Black). Nylon Micro USB or Lightning or Type-C to USB Sync Charging Data Cable (Red). Nylon Micro USB or Lightning to USB Sync Charging Data Cable (Green). Nylon Micro USB or Lightning or Type-C to USB Sync Charging Data Cable (Blue). Nylon Micro USB or Lightning or Type-C to USB Sync Charging Data Cable (White). Nylon Micro USB or Lightning or Type-C to USB Sync Charging Data Cable (Gold). Portable Wristband Micro USB and Lightning Fast Charging Data Cable. Multi-color Lightning Charging and Data Cable 1M. Multi-color Micro USB Charging and Data Cable. Car Mount Stealth for Smartphone and GPS ( 6" or below 6 inch ). Aluminum Nano Micro Stand Holder for Smartphone and Tablet. Foldable Stand Holder for Smartphone and Tablet. Wood Stand Holder for Smartphone, iPhone or Cell Phone. U Shaped Wood Stand Holder for Headphone. Multifunction Bamboo Stand Holder for Apple Watch, Smart Watch, iPhone, Smartphone and Tablet. Universal Ring Grip/Stand Holder for Smartphone and Tablet. Universal Aluminum Foldable Stand for Macbook/Notebook (Silver). Replacement Belt Clip for PDair Leather Case. 3 in 1 Detachable Aluminum Alloy Camera Lens Kits for iPhone, iPad and Android Cell Phone. Portable Octopus Shaped Mini Tripod for Smartphone, Cell phone and Camera. Portable Retractable Mini Handheld Grip Tripod Stand. Volume Key Cable Selfie Stick for Smartphone. Showing 1 to 74 of 74 (1 Pages). Enjoy 10% OFF + FREE Shipping！Facebook Like + Share ! Discount Coupon: PDAIR. Outdoor Activities Case, Bag, Product and Accessories. Energy Source ES Defrosting Tray + Chill Platter - Luxury Design (Black). Leather Money Clip Wallet (Brown Metal Pattern). Protective Leather Passport Holder/Travel Wallet Case (Brown Metal Pattern). PDair Best Smartphone and Cell Phone Cases and Accessories. Genuine Leather Card Wallet Case for Memory SD / Micro SD / SIM Card. iPhone Case Cover Fashion Collection 2018. Digital Camera and Smartphone Camera Accessories. Energy Source Defrosting Tray + Chill Platter - Classic Design by Brushed Aluminum (Silver). Energy Source ES Defrosting Tray - ECO Friendly (Silver). SIGN UP AND ENJOY YOUR ORDER WITH FREE SHIPPING!. Designer iPhone 8 Plus Book Stand Case. Samsung Galaxy Note 8 Folio Wallet Case. Samsung Galaxy S9 Holster Pouch Case. Samsung Galaxy S9+ Plus Flip Case Cover. iPhone 7 Plus Leather Pocket Pouch Case. iPhone 6 Leather Credit Card Wallet Case. Handmade Sony Xperia XZs Pouch Case. BlackBerry Priv Smart Flip Cover & Belt Case. ES Defrosting Tray - Kitchen Home Gadget. Top Quality iPhone X Kickstand Case. Handcrafted iPhone 8 Plus Phone Case. LG G6 Genuine Protective Case Cover. Luxury HTC U11 Leather Folding Case. Blackberry KEYone Pouch with belt clip. iPhone 7 Fashion Collection Cover 2018. All content on this web site, include articles, artwork, screen shots and other files, are copyright © 2018 PDair Enterprise Corporation. "PDair" are trademarks of PDair Enterprise Corporation. Other brands or product names are trademarks or registered trademarks of their respective holders.. 
Beginning of a dialog window, including tabbed navigation to register an account or sign in to an existing account. Both registration and sign in support using google and facebook accounts. We'll never post without your permission.. We'll never post without your permission.. By clicking Register, you agree to Etsy's Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Etsy may send you communications; you may change your preferences in your account settings.. Uh oh! You need to have cookies enabled to sign in.. Nice—you already have an Etsy account.. Take full advantage of our site features by enabling JavaScript. Ready to ship in 1 business day. Ready to ship within 3 business days. South Georgia and the South Sandwich Islands. Meizu Handmade Leather Vertical Flip Phone Case with Magnetic Closure for Meizu M3 / M3 Note /M5 /M5 Note / M5c / Pro 6 / U10 / U20. White&red marble case for meizu m2 note, meizu m2 case, meizu m1 metal, meizu mx5 case, clear silicone case for meizu pro 5, meizu mx4 case. Francesco Guardi Meizu U10 Case iPhone X Case Samsung Galaxy S8 Case iPhone 8 Plus Case iPhone 7 Case Samsung Galaxy S8 Plus Huawei P10 Case. Google Pixel case,MARBLE,Google pixel xl case,Champagne,google pixel 2 case,google pixel xl 2 case,oneplus 5 case,xiaomi mi a1 case xiaom 28. Google pixel 2 case,Google pixel XL 2,Clear case,White clear,Pixel 2 rubber,OnePlus One case,Meizu Pro 5 case,Meizu MX5 Pro case,Meizu M 79. Google Pixel XL,Pixel XL 2 case,Pixel 2 case,Dark blue marble,Redmi 5a case,Redmi 4x case,Xiaomi Mi 5s Plus,Redmi 3 case,Meizu U10 case, 23. Google Pixel Xl-Cuarzo case for Google Pixel-OnePlus 5-OnePlus-cell cases-nexus phone covers-mobile cases-Meizu cases. OnePlus 5-Google Pixel Xl-Royal marble case for Google Pixel-OnePlus 3t-cover for OnePlus 5-cell case-OnePlus 3 phone case-Meizu cases. Google pixel case MARBLE google pixel xl case oneplus 5 case one plus 3t case xiaomi mi6 case xiaomi mi5 case redmi note 4x meizu u20 01. Google Pixel 2 case,Pixel xl 2 case,LEAVES,SILICONE,google pixel case,google pixel xl case,oneplus 5 case,oneplus 3 case,Redmi Note case, 08. Google pixel 2 case,Google pixel XL 2,Clear case,White clear case,Pixel 2 rubber,Xiaomi Mi 5s case,Redmi 3s case,Redmi 4x case,Xiaomi Mi 83. Google pixel 2 case,Google pixel XL 2,Clear case,White clear case,Pixel xl 2 case,Xiaomi Mi 5s Plus,Meizu U10 case,Meizu M5s case,Redmi 81. Google pixel 2 case,Google pixel XL 2,Clear case,Black clear,Pixel 2 rubber,Meizu U10 case,Meizu MX6 case,Meizu Pro 6s case,Xiaomi Mi6 c 82. Google pixel 2 case,Google pixel XL 2,Clear case,White clear case,Pixel xl 2 case,Xiaomi Mi 5s Plus,Meizu U10 case,Meizu M5s case,Redmi 78. Google pixel 2 case,Google pixel XL 2,Clear case,Black clear,Pixel 2 rubber,Meizu U10 case,Meizu MX6 case,Meizu Pro 6s case,Xiaomi Mi6 c 77. Google pixel 2 case,Google pixel XL 2,Clear case,Cactus case,Pixel 2 rubber,Note 3 Special Edit,Xiaomi Mi 5s case,Meizu M3X case,Redmi 4 76. Meizu Handmade Leather Vertical Flip Phone Case with Magnetic Closure for Meizu M3 / M3 Note /M5 /M5 Note / M5c / Pro 6 / U10 / U20. White&red marble case for meizu m2 note, meizu m2 case, meizu m1 metal, meizu mx5 case, clear silicone case for meizu pro 5, meizu mx4 case. Francesco Guardi Meizu U10 Case iPhone X Case Samsung Galaxy S8 Case iPhone 8 Plus Case iPhone 7 Case Samsung Galaxy S8 Plus Huawei P10 Case. Google Pixel case,MARBLE,Google pixel xl case,Champagne,google pixel 2 case,google pixel xl 2 case,oneplus 5 case,xiaomi mi a1 case xiaom 28. Google pixel 2 case,Google pixel XL 2,Clear case,White clear,Pixel 2 rubber,OnePlus One case,Meizu Pro 5 case,Meizu MX5 Pro case,Meizu M 79. Google Pixel XL,Pixel XL 2 case,Pixel 2 case,Dark blue marble,Redmi 5a case,Redmi 4x case,Xiaomi Mi 5s Plus,Redmi 3 case,Meizu U10 case, 23. Google Pixel Xl-Cuarzo case for Google Pixel-OnePlus 5-OnePlus-cell cases-nexus phone covers-mobile cases-Meizu cases. OnePlus 5-Google Pixel Xl-Royal marble case for Google Pixel-OnePlus 3t-cover for OnePlus 5-cell case-OnePlus 3 phone case-Meizu cases. Google pixel case MARBLE google pixel xl case oneplus 5 case one plus 3t case xiaomi mi6 case xiaomi mi5 case redmi note 4x meizu u20 01. Google Pixel 2 case,Pixel xl 2 case,LEAVES,SILICONE,google pixel case,google pixel xl case,oneplus 5 case,oneplus 3 case,Redmi Note case, 08. Google pixel 2 case,Google pixel XL 2,Clear case,White clear case,Pixel 2 rubber,Xiaomi Mi 5s case,Redmi 3s case,Redmi 4x case,Xiaomi Mi 83. Google pixel 2 case,Google pixel XL 2,Clear case,White clear case,Pixel xl 2 case,Xiaomi Mi 5s Plus,Meizu U10 case,Meizu M5s case,Redmi 81. Google pixel 2 case,Google pixel XL 2,Clear case,Black clear,Pixel 2 rubber,Meizu U10 case,Meizu MX6 case,Meizu Pro 6s case,Xiaomi Mi6 c 82. Google pixel 2 case,Google pixel XL 2,Clear case,White clear case,Pixel xl 2 case,Xiaomi Mi 5s Plus,Meizu U10 case,Meizu M5s case,Redmi 78. Google pixel 2 case,Google pixel XL 2,Clear case,Black clear,Pixel 2 rubber,Meizu U10 case,Meizu MX6 case,Meizu Pro 6s case,Xiaomi Mi6 c 77. Google pixel 2 case,Google pixel XL 2,Clear case,Cactus case,Pixel 2 rubber,Note 3 Special Edit,Xiaomi Mi 5s case,Meizu M3X case,Redmi 4 76. Get fresh Etsy trends and unique gift ideas delivered right to your inbox.. Please enter a valid email address.. Looks like you already have an account! Please Log in to subscribe.. You've already signed up for some newsletters, but you haven't confirmed your address. Register to confirm your address.. Great! We've sent you an email to confirm your subscription.. There was a problem subscribing you to this newsletter.. Need help? Visit the help center. We make it easy to find your thing.. Set where you live, what language you speak, and the currency you use. South Georgia and the South Sandwich Islands. Start typing the name of a page. Hit ESC to close, Enter to select the first result.. Did you scroll all this way to get facts about meizu u10 case ? Well you're in luck, because here they come. There are 16 meizu u10 case for sale on Etsy, and they cost $15.74 on average. The most popular color? You guessed it: white .. 
News Review Phones Xiaomi Huawei Meizu nubia OnePlus OPPO vivo ZTE All Giveaway Deals Shop Forums. Brand: Meizu Category: Mobiles. Processor Octa-core Mediatek MT6750. RAM 2 GB | 3 GB. Storage 16 GB | 32 GB. Camera 13 MP + 5 MP. Operating System Android operating system. The overall rating is based on review by our editors. 0.0 0.0 1. Design 5 / 10. Display 6 / 10. Camera 5 / 10. Features 5 / 10. Connectivity 6 / 10. Usability 6 / 10. Performance 5 / 10. Battery 6 / 10. Type Design Type called form factor refers to a mobile phone's size, shape, and style as well as the layout and position of major components of phone. There are three major form factors seen in mobile phones => bar phones, folding phones and sliding phones.. 141.9 x 69.6 x 7.9 mm. Display Type Display Technology => A number of display technologies and types used in mobile phones => TFT (Thin Film Transistor), IPS (In-Place Switching), OLED (Organic Light Emitting Diode), AMOLED (Active-Matrix Organic Light-Emitting Diode), Super AMOLED (an even advanced version of AMOLED), Resistive Touchscreen (Resistive touchscreens contain two layer of conductive material with a very small gap between them which acts as a resistance), Capacitive Touchsceen (Capacitive touchscreen technology consists of a layer of glass coated with a transparent conductor). Display Colors Display Colors is refers to the number of different shades of colors that the screen is capable of displaying => 64K colors, 256K colors and 16 million colors, Obviously 16M is highest available range of colors and better than others.. Pixel Density Pixel Density (PPI) is refers to the concentration of pixels on a particular display, measured in pixels per inch (ppi). Pixel density is calculated by dividing the diagonal pixel resolution of a display by its diagonal size, higher pixel density better display quality.. GPU GPU (Graphics Processing Unit) is a single-chip processor designed to rapidly manipulate and alter memory to accelerate the creation of images in a frame buffer intended for output to a display, This includes things such as lighting effects, object transformations, and 3D motion.. RAM (Memory) RAM (Random Access Memory) is a type of computer memory that can be accessed randomly, any byte of memory can be accessed without touching the preceding bytes that allows information to be stored and accessed quickly from random locations. RAM is the most common type of memory found in computer systems, smartphones, tablets and other electronic devices.. Internal Storage Internal Storage is a data storage space (flash memory) mostly used in smartphones, tablets and other electronic devices where operating system, apps, music, photos, videos, files and other user data Is stored.. Memory Card Slot Memory Card Slot is a special slot for inserting a memory card. Memory cards allow you to expand the phone's built-in memory, A memory card (sometimes called a flash memory card or a storage card) is a small storage medium used to store data such as text, pictures, audio, and video, for use on small, portable or remote computing devices such as mobile phones, mp3 players, digital cameras.. Sensors Sensors are electronic components that detects and responds to some type of input from the physical environment. The specific input could be light, heat, motion, moisture, pressure and location, The output is generally a signal that is converted to use in computing systems, a location sensor, such as a GPS receiver is able to detect current location of your electronic device.. Operating System OS => Every computer system run on a base software called Operating System (OS). Operating System controls all basic operations of the computer (such as smartphone, PDAs, tablet computers and other handheld devices). The Operating System allows the user to install and run third party applications (apps), apps are used to add new functionality to the device.. Rear Camera Camera is able to capture photographs and usually videos, The most important characteristics of a camera are the resolution (measured in megapixels), lens focus type (fixed or automatic), higher megapixel cameras are known to capture higher quality photos, but not always a good measurement of the photos quality.. Flash Flash Light => There is commonly two types of flash lights are used in camera mobile phones, LED Flash (LED flash offers lower power consumption with drive circuitry that takes up very little room, LEDs can be strobed faster than any other light source), Xenon Flash (xenon flash produces an extremely intense full-spectrum white light for a very short duration). SIM SIM (Subscriber Identity Module) is a small card that contains mobile network subscriber's account information. This allows the phone using the card to attach to a mobile network. The SIM card is most commonly associated with GSM and UMTS mobile networks. Moving a SIM card from one phone to another allows a subscriber to switch mobile phones without having to contact their mobile network carrier. SIM cards can also be used by a phone to store limited amounts of data, such as phone numbers and text messages.. Wi-fi Wi-Fi is a popular wireless networking technology using radio waves to provide high-speed network connections that allows devices to communicate without cords or cables, Wi-Fi is increasingly becoming the preferred mode of internet connectivity all over the world.. GPS GPS The Global Positioning System is a satellite-based radio navigation system, GPS permits users to determine their position, velocity and the time 24 hours a day, in all weather, anywhere in the world, In order to locate your position, your device or GPS receiver must have a clear view of the sky.. NFC NFC (Near field communication) is a set of standards for smartphones and similar devices to establish peer-to-peer radio communications with each other by touching them together or bringing them into proximity, usually no more than a few inches.. Meizu U10 - REVIEWS Be the first to add a Review Your Name * Your Email * Review Title * Review Text * Rate this Product Design: What do you feel about Design and build quality of this device? Display: Screen size, image quality (brightness, colors, contrast, etc), visibility in sun light, angles of view and touchscreen. Camera: Usability of Camera interface, image and video quality in different light conditions and environment. Features: What do you feel about the features of this device, is these enough for you in everyday life? Connectivity: Bluetooth, Wi-fi connectivity, data trnasfer speed, internet browsing and interfaces. Usability: What do you feel about usability and speed of UI (user interface), messaging, calling, contacts management, call history, notifications and internet browsing? Performance: Is this device perform good while watching videos, playing games, taking snapshots, browsing internet and navigate through other applications? Battery: What about battery life, while calling, listening music, watching videos, playing games and doing other tasks. Average Rating 6 / 10 based on your selection. Please post a user review only if you have / had this product.. Meizu U20 0 Reviews View specs →. Meizu Pro 6 Plus 0 Reviews View specs →. Meizu Pro 7 High Edition 0 Reviews View specs →. Meizu E2 Transformers Edition 0 Reviews View specs →. MEIZU MA5 0 Reviews View specs →. Meizu E3 0 Reviews View specs →. New Arrivals LG X300 LG X Power 2 ZTE Tempo Go ZTE Blade V9 Vita (Rumored) Nokia 8 Sirocco (Rumored) Samsung Galaxy S9 Exynos (Rumored). News Review Phones Giveaway Deals Shop Forums. 
Nokia 7 Plus Hands On and Photo Gallery. Nokia 8110 Hands On and Photo Gallery. Samsung Dex Pad Galaxy S9 and Galaxy S9+ desktop dock announced. Sony Xperia Ear Duo wireless headphones with Google Assistant and Siri integration announced. Sony Xperia XZ2 Compact with 5-inch Full HD+ HDR display, Snapdragon 845, 4K HDR recording announced. Sony Xperia XZ2 with 5.7-inch Full HD+ HDR display, Snapdragon 845, 4K HDR video recording announced. Apple said to launch high-end over-ear headphones later this year: KGI. Canon EOS M50 4K mirrorless camera and EOS Rebel T7 DSLR announced. Vivo APEX FullView Concept Smartphone with in-display fingerprint scanner, 98% screen-to-body ratio announced. Airtel joins global Seamless Alliance to bring high-speed in-flight data connectivity. Meizu U10 and U20 with fingerprint sensor, 4G LTE announced. Author Srivatsan Sridhar Posted on August 24, 2016 September 8, 2016 Categories Meizu , News. 2GB RAM with 16GB storage / 3GBRAM with 32GB storage, expandable memory up to 128GB with microSD. 13MP rear camera with dual-tone LED flash. 4G LTE, WiFi 802.11 a/b/g/n (5 GHz / 2.4 GHz), Bluetooth 4.0, GPS. 5.5-inch (1920 x 1080 pixels) 2.5D curved glass. Octa-core MediaTek Helio P10 processor with Mali T860 GPU. 2GB RAM with 16GB storage / 3GBRAM with 32GB storage, expandable memory up to 128GB with microSD. 13MP rear camera with dual-tone LED flash. 4G LTE, dual-band WiFi 802.11 a/b/g/n, Bluetooth 4.1, GPS. "Meizu U10 and U20 with fingerprint sensor, 4G LTE announced" , 1 out of 5 based on 121 ratings.. Meizu has announced U10 and U20, two new smartphones in the U series running. YunOS with Flyme UI on top and a new design that has a curved glass panel on the back. Both the phones have a fingerprint sensor embedded into the. U20 come in Black, White, Champagne Gold and Rose Gold colors. The Meizu U10 is priced at. 999 yuan (US$ 150 / Rs. 10075 approx.) for the 2GB RAM with 16GB storage version and the 3GB RAM with 32GB storage version costs. It will be available in China starting from. is priced at 1099 yuan (US$ 165. approx.) for the 2GB RAM with 16GB storage version and the 3GB RAM with 32GB storage version costs 1299 yuan (US$ 195 / Rs. It will be available in China starting from August 28th.. Srivatsan Sridhar is a Mobile Technology Enthusiast who is passionate about Mobile phones and Mobile apps. He is currently using the Motorola Moto G4 Plus. You can follow him on Twitter @ssrivatsan and on Google+. View all posts by Srivatsan Sridhar. Previous Previous post: Tesla Model S P100D is now the quickest production car in the world. Next Next post: Prisma brings offline editing support to iOS app. Lenovo Phab 2 Plus Lenovo Phab 2 Pro. Motorola Moto Z Motorola Moto Z Force. 
Samsung Galaxy J1 Nxt (J1 mini). Samsung Galaxy S4 CDMA SGH-I545 Parts. Samsung I9105 Galaxy S II Plus. Samsung Galaxy Grand Neo Plus i9060i. Samsung Galaxy S Duos 2 S7582. Samsung Galaxy Trend II Duos S7572. Samsung I8190 Galaxy S III mini. Samsung Galaxy Note II N7100 Parts. Samsung Galaxy Tab A 10.1 (2016). Samsung Galaxy Tab A 7.0 (2016). Samsung Galaxy Tab Pro 12.2 SM-T900. Samsung Galaxy Tab S 10.5 T800 Parts. Samsung Galaxy Tab S 8.4 T700 Parts. Samsung Galaxy Tab 4 10.1 T530 Parts. Samsung Galaxy Tab Pro 10.1 T520 Parts. Samsung Galaxy Tab 4 8.0 Parts. Samsung Galaxy Tab Pro 8.4 T320 Parts. Samsung Galaxy Tab 3 8.0 T310 Parts. Samsung Galaxy Tab 4 7.0 T230 Parts. Samsung Galaxy Tab 3 Lite 7.0 Parts. Samsung Galaxy Note Pro 12.2 SM-P900 Parts. Samsung Galaxy Note 10.1 P600 (2014 Edition) Parts. Samsung Galaxy Note 10.1 N8000 Parts. Samsung Galaxy Note 8.0 N5100 Parts. Samsung Google Nexus 10 P8110 Parts. Samsung P7500 Galaxy Tab 10.1 3G Parts. Samsung Galaxy Tab 8.9 P7300 Parts. Samsung P6800 Galaxy Tab 7.7 Parts. Samsung P6200 Galaxy Tab 7.0 Plus Parts. Samsung Galaxy Tab 3 10.1 P5200 Parts. Samsung Galaxy Tab 2 10.1 P5100 Parts. Samsung Galaxy Tab 3 7.0 p3200 Parts. Samsung Galaxy Tab 7.0 P3100 Parts. All Sony Cell & Tablet Parts. Sony Xperia XA Ultra (C6 Ultra). Sony Xperia Z5 Compact (Z5 mini). Sony Xperia Z4 (Sony Xperia Z3+). Sony Xperia Z1 Compact (Sony Xperia Z1 mini). Motorola Droid Maxx 2 (for Verizon). LG G Pro Lite Dual D686. Huawei Honor 6C Pro (Huawei Honor V9 Play). Huawei Y7 Prime (Huawei Enjoy 7 Plus). Huawei Enjoy 5 (Huawei Honor Play 5X). Xiaomi Redmi 4 Prime (Redmi 4 Pro). All Lenovo Cell & Tablet Parts. Lenovo Yoga Tablet 10 HD+ (B8080). ZTE Grand X Max 2 Z988. ZTE Nubia Z11 mini S NX549J. Meizu M3 Note (Meizu Blue Charm Note3). Meizu M1 Metal (Meizu Blue Charm Metal). Nokia Lumia 822 (For Verizon Wireless). All Acer Cell & Tablet Parts. Alcatel One Touch Idol mini OT6012. All Amazon Fire & Kindle Parts. All Asus Cell & Tablet Parts. Asus Zenfone 4 Selfie Pro ZD552KL. Asus Zenfone 4 Selfie Lite ZB553KL. Asus Zenfone 3 Deluxe 5.5 ZS550KL. Asus Memo Pad Smart 10 ME301T. Samsung Galaxy J1 Nxt (J1 mini). Samsung Galaxy S4 CDMA SGH-I545 Parts. Samsung I9105 Galaxy S II Plus. Samsung Galaxy Grand Neo Plus i9060i. Samsung Galaxy S Duos 2 S7582. Samsung Galaxy Trend II Duos S7572. Samsung I8190 Galaxy S III mini. Samsung Galaxy Note II N7100 Parts. Samsung Galaxy Tab A 10.1 (2016). Samsung Galaxy Tab A 7.0 (2016). Samsung Galaxy Tab Pro 12.2 SM-T900. Samsung Galaxy Tab S 10.5 T800 Parts. Samsung Galaxy Tab S 8.4 T700 Parts. Samsung Galaxy Tab 4 10.1 T530 Parts. Samsung Galaxy Tab Pro 10.1 T520 Parts. Samsung Galaxy Tab 4 8.0 Parts. Samsung Galaxy Tab Pro 8.4 T320 Parts. Samsung Galaxy Tab 3 8.0 T310 Parts. Samsung Galaxy Tab 4 7.0 T230 Parts. Samsung Galaxy Tab 3 Lite 7.0 Parts. Samsung Galaxy Note Pro 12.2 SM-P900 Parts. Samsung Galaxy Note 10.1 P600 (2014 Edition) Parts. Samsung Galaxy Note 10.1 N8000 Parts. Samsung Galaxy Note 8.0 N5100 Parts. Samsung Google Nexus 10 P8110 Parts. Samsung P7500 Galaxy Tab 10.1 3G Parts. Samsung Galaxy Tab 8.9 P7300 Parts. Samsung P6800 Galaxy Tab 7.7 Parts. Samsung P6200 Galaxy Tab 7.0 Plus Parts. Samsung Galaxy Tab 3 10.1 P5200 Parts. Samsung Galaxy Tab 2 10.1 P5100 Parts. Samsung Galaxy Tab 3 7.0 p3200 Parts. Samsung Galaxy Tab 7.0 P3100 Parts. All Sony Cell & Tablet Parts. Sony Xperia XA Ultra (C6 Ultra). Sony Xperia Z5 Compact (Z5 mini). Sony Xperia Z4 (Sony Xperia Z3+). Sony Xperia Z1 Compact (Sony Xperia Z1 mini). Motorola Droid Maxx 2 (for Verizon). LG G Pro Lite Dual D686. Huawei Honor 6C Pro (Huawei Honor V9 Play). Huawei Y7 Prime (Huawei Enjoy 7 Plus). Huawei Enjoy 5 (Huawei Honor Play 5X). Xiaomi Redmi 4 Prime (Redmi 4 Pro). All Lenovo Cell & Tablet Parts. Lenovo Yoga Tablet 10 HD+ (B8080). ZTE Grand X Max 2 Z988. ZTE Nubia Z11 mini S NX549J. Meizu M3 Note (Meizu Blue Charm Note3). Meizu M1 Metal (Meizu Blue Charm Metal). Nokia Lumia 822 (For Verizon Wireless). All Acer Cell & Tablet Parts. Alcatel One Touch Idol mini OT6012. All Amazon Fire & Kindle Parts. All Asus Cell & Tablet Parts. Asus Zenfone 4 Selfie Pro ZD552KL. Asus Zenfone 4 Selfie Lite ZB553KL. Asus Zenfone 3 Deluxe 5.5 ZS550KL. Asus Memo Pad Smart 10 ME301T. All parts are Original, except we mark it as OEM individually.. Back Glass Cover with Adhesive for Meizu U10 -Black. Back Glass Cover with Adhesive for Meizu U10 -Black. Need a good quality back glass cover for Meizu U10. This is a replacement for Meizu U10, When you have a damaged back glass cover, you need it to replace. Back Glass Cover with Adhesive for Meizu U10 -White. Back Glass Cover with Adhesive for Meizu U10 -White. Need a good quality back glass cover for Meizu U10. This is a replacement for Meizu U10, When you have a damaged back glass cover, you need it to replace. Camera Glass Lens with Adhesive for Meizu U10. Camera Glass Lens with Adhesive for Meizu U10. Test one by one before shipping. The item comes with adhesive sticker. How to replace the camera lens:. In order to melt the glue, you can heat the old.... Complete Screen Assembly for Meizu U10 -Black. Complete Screen Assembly for Meizu U10 -Black. Need a good quality lcd screen and digitizer assembly for. This is a complete ready-to-install screen assembly for Meizu U10, Though more costly than replacing one damaged component in the.... Complete Screen Assembly for Meizu U10 -White. Complete Screen Assembly for Meizu U10 -White. Need a good quality lcd screen and digitizer assembly for. This is a complete ready-to-install screen assembly for Meizu U10, Though more costly than replacing one damaged component in the.... Dock Charging PCB Board for Meizu U10. Dock Charging PCB Board for Meizu U10. This is a replacement for Meizu U10, When your Meizu U10. is having problems in charging, transferring data, or your phone is no longer.... Fingerprint Sensor Flex Cable for Meizu U10 -Black. Fingerprint Sensor Flex Cable for Meizu U10 -Black. Need a good quality fingerprint sensor flex cable for Meizu U10. This is a replacement for Meizu U10, When you have a damaged fingerprint sensor flex cable, you need it to replacement.. Fingerprint Sensor Flex Cable for Meizu U10 -White. Fingerprint Sensor Flex Cable for Meizu U10 -White. Need a good quality fingerprint sensor flex cable for Meizu U10. This is a replacement for Meizu U10, When you have a damaged fingerprint sensor flex cable, you need it to replacement.. Motherboard Connector Flex Cable for Meizu U10. Motherboard Connector Flex Cable for Meizu U10. Need a good quality motherboard connector flex cable for Meizu U10. This is a replacement for Meizu U10, When you have a damaged motherboard connector flex cable, you need it to replace.. Side Key Flex Cable for Meizu U10. The side key flex cable includes internal buttons for the power and volume controls.. This is a replacement for Meizu U10, When you turn up or turn down volume button, and the volume still the same as before, or.... Touch Screen Digitizer for Meizu U10 -Black. Touch Screen Digitizer for Meizu U10 -Black. Need a good quality touch screen digitizer for. This is the replacement front glass panel and Digitizer for the Meizu U10. This part is responsible for all touch.... Touch Screen Digitizer for Meizu U10 -White. Touch Screen Digitizer for Meizu U10 -White. Need a good quality touch screen digitizer for. This is the replacement front glass panel and Digitizer for the Meizu U10. This part is responsible for all touch.... Get the latest updates on new products and upcoming sales. Room 1316, No.802 Yuan Shan Nan Road,. Theme designed by Papathemes .. 
India World Cities Opinion Sports Entertainment Lifestyle Technology Viral Photos Videos ePaper. See More See Less. 25th Swayamsevak Samagam: Hindus have to unite, India’s responsibility is upon us, says RSS chief Mohan Bhagwat Oust ‘anti-people’ BJP govt from Haryana: Bhupinder Singh Hooda In Fact: Is Bengaluru about to run dry? India reaches out, invites Pakistan Minister for WTO talks in Delhi ‘Stalled projects’ is bad optics, so government moves to tweak label. Meizu U10, U20 launched in China: Key specifications, price and. Meizu U10 and U20 come in two different storage options - 2GB+16GB and 3GB+32GB. The smartphones feature a fingerprint scanner with mTouch 2.1 technology.. Technology Mobile & Tabs Meizu U10, U20 launched in China: Key specifications, price and. Meizu U10 and U20 come in two different storage options – 2GB+16GB and 3GB+32GB.. By: Tech Desk |. Published: August 25, 2016 2:31 pm. Sridevi funeral LIVE UPDATES: Mortal remains to arrive in Mumbai today Sridevi dies at 54, leaves India in shock Railway Group D recruitment 2018 for 62,907 posts: Eligibility criteria changes, apply online. Meizu has unveiled two new smartphones in its U series – U10 and U20 – in China. While U20 will be available staring August 29; U10 will go on sale from September August 29. Both devices come in two different storage options – 2GB+16GB and 3GB+32GB. Meizu U10 and U20 will be available in white crescent, sky black, champagne gold and rose gold colour variants.. Meizu U20 features a 5.5-inches full HD (1080×1920 pixels) display. It comes with an octa-core processor and an SD card slot for up to 128GB expandable memory. The 16GB variant of U20 is priced at 1099 yuan (Rs 11,00 approx) and 32GB storage option comes at 1299 yuan (Rs 13,000 approx). There’s 3,260 mAh battery, 13MP primary camera with dual-tone LED flash and 5MP front camera. It features a fingerprint scanner with mTouch 2.1 technology. It supports Bluetooth 4.1, 4G LTE, WiFi 802.11 a/b/g/n and GPS. Meizu M20 runs Yun OS with Flyme UI. It comes with a hybrid SIM slot that supports Nano SIM cards.. Meizu U10 comes with exact same specifications apart from a smaller screen size and battery. Meizu U10 features a 5-inch IPS display with 2.5D curved glass design. It is backed by a 2,760 mAh battery. Meizu U10 16GB variant costs 999 yuan (Rs 10,000 approx) and 32GB variant comes at 1199 yuan (Rs 12,000 approx). Meizu has made no official announcement on when these smartphones will be made available in other countries apart from China.. Meizu recently launched m3 note in India at Rs 9,999. The smartphone is Amazon exclusive in India. a 5.5-inch Full HD (1920x1080p) display,. an octa-core MediaTek MT6755 Helio P10 processor with 3GB RAM and 32GB storage.. On the camera front, Meizu m3 note gets a 13MP rear camera paired with 5MP front camera. runs Flyme UI based on Android 5.1 Lollipop and is backed by a 4,100 mAh battery.. For all the latest Technology News , download Indian Express App. © IE Online Media Services Pvt Ltd. This video of two Pakistani anchors 'fighting in a newsroom' has gone viral. Six teens with earphones run over by train in Uttar Pradesh's Hapur, one critically injured. 1 Sridevi funeral LIVE UPDATES: Mortal remains to arrive in Mumbai today 2 Sridevi dies at 54, leaves India in shock 3 This video of two Pakistani anchors 'fighting in a newsroom' has gone viral 4 Railway Group D recruitment 2018 for 62,907 posts: Eligibility criteria changes, apply online. Cities Delhi Chief Secretary 'assault' case: Discrepancy in CCTV timing found at Kejriwal's home, police tells court Former cabinet secretary TRS Subramanian passes away, PM Modi condoles death J-K: Militant killed after aides hurl grenade at police station to free him Opinion Populists are here to stay. They take revenge on soft targets and make people dream Opinion Union Budget 2018 has laid the ground for a higher and sustained economic growth. Entertainment Sridevi death: Everything you wanted to ask, but didn’t Entertainment Here's why Sridevi and Kamal Haasan pairing is irreplaceable Entertainment Sridevi's electric double roles: From Chaalbaaz to Lamhe Trending This video of two Pakistani anchors 'fighting in a newsroom' has gone viral Trending Pakistani airlines hilariously trolled with complaints on Facebook after they put up ad on why everyone should fly with them. Shiv Sena to contest Lok Sabha polls in Goa in alliance with GSM: Sanjay Raut LIVE UPDATES: BJP’s schemes are only for few specific rich industrialists, says Rahul Gandhi in Karnataka In the wake of PNB fraud, Bank unions drop March 15 strike plan Bhaichung Bhutia resigns from Trinamool Congress membership Sports Onus on young pacers to prove mettle Sports India bid farewell to SA tour on a happy note Lifestyle Sridevi: From Queen Bee to Style Star Sridevi as a timeless beauty and fashion icon through the years Technology Samsung Galaxy S9, Galaxy S9+ First impressions and FAQs Technology MWC 2018: LG V30S ThinQ puts the focus on AI-driven camera. R Ashwin to lead Kings XI Punjab in IPL. 2018 Sourav Ganguly ignored Ian Chappell, Sunil Gavaskar’s warnings before appointing Greg Chappell as India. coach J-K: Militant killed after aides hurl grenade at police station to free. him ONGC says KG-D5 output delay due to policy. changes Government has vision to turn Maharashtra into 1-trillion dollar economy, says Governor Vidyasagar. Support people’s right to protest: UN on reports of PoK. Kerala government announces Rs 5 lakh for dog bite victim’s. India’s GDP to expand by 7.9 per cent this fiscal: Goldman. Please reload and try again !!!. Copyright © 2018 The Indian Express [P] Ltd. 
Exception #0 (Zend_Db_Adapter_Exception): SQLSTATE[HY000] [2002] No such file or directory. Exception #1 (PDOException): SQLSTATE[HY000] [2002] No such file or directory. Exception #0 (Zend_Db_Adapter_Exception): SQLSTATE[HY000] [2002] No such file or directory. #4 /home/wwwroot/www.minideal.net/vendor/magento/framework/DB/Adapter/Pdo/Mysql.php(1378): Zend_Db_Adapter_Abstract->quoteInto('`store`.`code`=...', 'meizu-u10.html', NULL, NULL). #6 /home/wwwroot/www.minideal.net/vendor/magento/zendframework1/library/Zend/Db/Select.php(477): Zend_Db_Select->_where('`store`.`code`=...', 'meizu-u10.html', NULL, true). Exception #1 (PDOException): SQLSTATE[HY000] [2002] No such file or directory. #0 /home/wwwroot/www.minideal.net/vendor/magento/zendframework1/library/Zend/Db/Adapter/Pdo/Abstract.php(129): PDO->__construct('mysql:host=loca...', 'minidealtest', 'mimage360os', Array). #5 /home/wwwroot/www.minideal.net/vendor/magento/framework/DB/Adapter/Pdo/Mysql.php(1378): Zend_Db_Adapter_Abstract->quoteInto('`store`.`code`=...', 'meizu-u10.html', NULL, NULL). #7 /home/wwwroot/www.minideal.net/vendor/magento/zendframework1/library/Zend/Db/Select.php(477): Zend_Db_Select->_where('`store`.`code`=...', 'meizu-u10.html', NULL, true). 
News Meizu U10, U20 smartphones with fingerprint scanner, LTE support launched: Price, specifications, features. Meizu U10, U20 smartphones with fingerprint scanner, LTE support launched: Price, specifications, features. Meizu has launched two affordable smartphones in China, called U10 and U20. Both smartphones are unlikely to come to India as they run on Alibaba's YunOS.. Published: August 24, 2016 5:47 PM IST. Meizu today launched two new smartphones in its U series, called the U10 and U20. For now, both devices have been launched for the Chinese market, and there is no word on an international launch in countries like India.. Prices for the smartphones start from 999 Yuan or Rs 10,000 approximately. The U20 is set to go on sale over the weekend. August 28, while the U10 will be available from September 18.. The Meizu U10 and the U20 will be available in two variants each. The Meizu U10 with 16GB storage and 2GB of RAM variant is priced at 999 Yuan (Rs 10,000 approximately), while the 32GB storage with 3GB of RAM variant is priced at 1,199 Yuan or Rs 12,000 approximately. The Meizu U20 with 16GB internal storage and 2GB RAM is priced at 1,099 Yuan or Rs 11,000 approximately, and finally the 32GB onboard storage with 3GB RAM version is priced at 1,299 Yuan or Rs 13,100 approximately. The two devices boast a body encased in glass and a metallic frame. Also, the two smartphones feature a physical home button placed below the display that also double up as fingerprint scanner, which is powered by Meizu’s. The Meizu U10 flaunts a 5-inch full HD (1920×1080 pixels) display with 2.5D curved glass. It is powered by an yet unannounced octa-core processor. 16GB and 32GB variants come with microSD card slot, which can be used to expand the internal memory up to. For photography, the U10 is equipped with a 13-megapixel rear camera along with a dual-tone LED flash, while up front is a 5-megapixel snapper. The smartphone also features a 2,760mAh battery, and connectivity options like dual-SIM card slots (hybrid setup supporting two nano SIMs), 4G LTE support, Wi-Fi and Bluetooth. On the software front, the U10 runs on Flyme UI based on YunOS.. The Meizu U20, on the other hand, flaunts a 5.5-inch full HD (1080p) display. It is also powered by an octa-core processor. The 16GB and 32GB variants both come with microSD card slot, which supports additional storage up to 128GB.. The smartphone is equipped with a 13-megapixel rear camera with dual-tone LED flash and 5-megapixel selfie camera. It is powered by a 3,260mAh battery. Connectivity options include dual-SIM, 4G LTE support, Wi-Fi, and Bluetooth. On the software front, the smartphone runs on Alibaba’s YunOS wrapped under Meizu’s Flyme UI.. Not a lot differentiates both the smartphones as they share much of the specifications and features.. Both smartphones are also preloaded with the option to make payments via the Alipay app.. The only major differences visible are the screen sizes and the battery. Both devices will be available in black, gold and rose gold colors. It remains to be seen if Meizu plans to bring either of the smartphones to India though as they run on YunOS, which is exclusive to the Chinese market.. Helio P10 Octa Core 1.8GHz Protection. 13 MP with ƒ/2.2 aperture, Burst mode, Panorama mode, High-speed phase detection, Dual LED flash, 5-element lens. Published Date: August 24, 2016 5:47 PM IST. Meizu Meizu U10 Meizu U20. Canon's new flash uses AI to perfectly bounce light onto your subject. MWC 2018: Sony Xperia Ear Duo launched. BSNL selects Nokia to launch 4G service in 10 circles. Energizer Hardcase H590S with 6GB RAM, quad-camera launched. Xiaomi Redmi Note 5 Pro Face Unlock: How does it work?. 7 reasons why the Samsung Galaxy S9 and Galaxy S9+ offer more than the Apple iPhone X. Samsung Galaxy S9, Galaxy S9+ hands-on and first impressions. MWC 2018: Samsung Galaxy S9+ launched: Specifications, features. MWC 2018: Samsung Galaxy S9 launched: Specifications, features. 7 reasons why the Samsung Galaxy S9 and Galaxy S9+ offer more than the Apple iPhone X. The Xiaomi Mi TV 4 could do for the Indian TV market what the Redmi Note 4 did for smartphones. Are the Xiaomi Redmi Note 5 and Redmi Note 5 Pro worth the upgrade?. Amazon Alexa could get a lot better if it invested in dedicated AI chips. Facebook Likes: The more you know about social media, the more you will want to stay away from it. Xiaomi Redmi Note 5 Pro Review. Canon's new flash uses AI to perfectly bounce light onto your subject. MWC 2018: Sony Xperia Ear Duo launched. Sony Xperia XZ2, Xperia XZ2 Compact is now official. US top court to hear Microsoft case on data protection overseas. Apple to launch over-ear headphones in 2018. Xiaomi Redmi Note 5 Pro Face Unlock: How does it work?. MWC 2018: Nokia 1, Nokia 4, Nokia 7+, Nokia 9, Nokia 8 Sirocco rumor roundup. OnePlus 5T vs Honor View10 vs Moto Z2 Force: Cameras compared. Samsung Galaxy S9, Galaxy S9+ rumor roundup. Meizu Meizu U10 Meizu U20. Meizu VP Li Nan confirms launch of X2 this year. Meizu E3 specifications, features leaked ahead of March 6 launch. Meizu E3 leaked photos show off 18:9 display, dual rear cameras, side-mounted fingerprint scanner. Gionee India operations may be affected amidst financial woes. Meizu E3 with metal body, dual-camera setup leaked. MWC 2018: ZTE ने लॉन्च किये अपने ZTE Blade V9 और Blade V9 Vita स्मार्टफोन. पीएम मोदी ने उबर के सीईओ से चर्चा की. MWC 2018: सोनी ने लॉन्च किया Xperia Ear Duo ईयरबड. वोडाफोन ने स्पेशल एडीशन के साथ पेश किया कैम्पस सरवाइवल किट. एप्पल iPhone X पर मिल रहा 20,000 रुपए का बायबैक आॅफर. Canon's new flash uses AI to perfectly bounce light onto your subject. MWC 2018: Sony Xperia Ear Duo launched. Sony Xperia XZ2, Xperia XZ2 Compact is now official. US top court to hear Microsoft case on data protection overseas. Apple to launch over-ear headphones in 2018. MWC 2018: Sony Xperia Ear Duo launched @sonyxperia @SonyXperiaIndia @sony_india @Sony … buff.ly/2FzZ1kE. #MWC2018 : Sony #MWC2018 , #MWC2018 launched with bezel-less design @sonyxperia … buff.ly/2FtQbVj. @oneplus adding HD video streaming support on #OnePlus5 and #OnePlus5 but there is a catch buff.ly/2FyhA8w https://t.co/mw5rGXJZPE. 
