GSM 850 / 900 / 1800 / 1900 - SIM 1 & SIM 2. HSDPA 850 / 900 / 1900 / 2100. LTE band 1(2100), 3(1800), 7(2600), 38(2600), 39(1900), 40(2300), 41(2500). HSPA 42.2/5.76 Mbps, LTE Cat4 150/50 Mbps. 150.9 x 75.2 x 8.7 mm (5.94 x 2.96 x 0.34 in). Hybrid Dual SIM (Nano-SIM, dual stand-by). IGZO IPS LCD capacitive touchscreen, 16M colors. 5.5 inches, 82.6 cm 2 (~72.8% screen-to-body ratio). 1080 x 1920 pixels, 16:9 ratio (~403 ppi density). Asahi Dragontrail Glass or Dinorex T2X-1 scratch/shock resistant glass. microSD, up to 256 GB (uses SIM 2 slot). 13 MP (f/2.2, 1/3"), autofocus, dual-LED dual-tone flash, check quality. Geo-tagging, touch focus, face detection, HDR, panorama. 5 MP (f/2.0, 1/5", 1.12 µm), 1080p. - Active noise cancellation with dedicated mic. Wi-Fi 802.11 a/b/g/n, dual-band, Wi-Fi Direct, hotspot. SMS(threaded view), MMS, Email, Push Mail, IM. Voice 65dB / Noise 62dB / Ring 75dB. Also known as Meizu Blue Charm Note2. We can not guarantee that the information on this page is 100% correct. Meizu M2 Note - user opinions and reviews. This phone is nearing 3y/o dude wtf. i using this phone 8 years, no problems. Samsung Apple Nokia Sony LG HTC Motorola Huawei Microsoft Lenovo Xiaomi Google Acer Asus Oppo OnePlus Meizu BlackBerry Alcatel ZTE Toshiba Vodafone Energizer XOLO Lava Micromax BLU Gionee vivo LeEco Panasonic HP YU verykool Maxwest Plum. Meizu M2 Meizu M3 Note Xiaomi Redmi Note 2 Meizu M1 Note Meizu M5 Note Meizu MX5. Meizu M6s Meizu M6 Note Meizu Pro 7 Plus Meizu M5 Meizu M3 Note Meizu M2. 
Enter the characters you see below. Sorry, we just need to make sure you're not a robot. For best results, please make sure your browser is accepting cookies.. Type the characters you see in this image:. 
Home Shop MWC News Reviews Features Opinions Videos The Gadgets 360 Show Cell Guru Prime Tech Smartphone Reviews Tech and Gadget Reviews How-To Videos Video Game Reviews and Features Top Lists by Gadgets 360 Unboxing and Hands-On Videos Podcasts Compare Mobiles Phone Finder DEALS. Mobiles Tablets Apps Gaming Cameras PC/Laptops AUDIO/VIDEO How To Telecom Science INDIA INTERNET SOCIAL MEDIA WEARABLES हिंदी. Acer Adcom Alcatel Apple Archos Asus BlackBerry Blu Celkon Coolpad Datawind Fly Gionee HTC Huawei iBall iBerry Idea InFocus Intex iVoomi Jivi Karbonn Lava LeEco Lenovo LG Lyf Maxx Mobile Meizu Micromax Microsoft Motorola MTS Nokia Obi Oppo Panasonic Philips Ringing Bells Samsung Sony Spice Swipe Videocon Vivo Wickedleak Xiaomi Xolo Yu Zen Ziox Zopo ZTE. Home Mobiles Phone Finder Meizu m2 note. SPECIFICATIONS USER REVIEWS NEWS. Share on Facebook Tweet Share Share Email Reddit. Meizu m2 note mobile was launched in June 2015. The phone comes with a 5.50-inch touchscreen display with a resolution of 1080 pixels by 1920 pixels at a PPI of 403 pixels per inch. The Meizu m2 note is powered by 1.3GHz octa-core MediaTek MT6753 processor and it comes with 2GB of RAM. The phone packs 16GB of internal storage that can be expanded up to 128GB. As far as the cameras are concerned, the Meizu m2 note packs a 13-megapixel primary camera on the rear and a 5-megapixel front shooter for selfies. The Meizu m2 note runs Flyme 4 and is powered by a 3100mAh non removable battery. It measures 150.90 x 75.20 x 8.70 (height x width x thickness) and weigh 149.00 grams. The Meizu m2 note is a dual SIM (GSM and GSM) mobile that accepts Micro-SIM and Micro-SIM. Connectivity options include Wi-Fi, GPS, Bluetooth, FM, 3G and 4G. Sensors on the phone include Proximity sensor, Accelerometer, Ambient light sensor and Gyroscope.. Meizu m2 note With Android 5.0 Lollipop, Octa-Core SoC Launched at Rs. Meizu m2 note With Android 5.0 Lollipop, Octa-Core SoC Launched. More Meizu mobiles Meizu mobiles price in India. Release date June 2015 Form factor Touchscreen Dimensions (mm) 150.90 x 75.20 x 8.70 Weight (g) 149.00 Battery capacity (mAh) 3100 Removable battery No Colours Grey, Blue, Pink, White. Screen size (inches) 5.50 Touchscreen Yes Resolution 1080x1920 pixels Pixels per inch (PPI) 403. Processor 1.3GHz octa-core Processor make MediaTek MT6753 RAM 2GB Internal storage 16GB Expandable storage Yes Expandable storage up to (GB) 128. Rear camera 13-megapixel Rear Flash Dual LED Front camera 5-megapixel. Wi-Fi Yes GPS Yes Bluetooth Yes NFC No Infrared No USB OTG No Headphones 3.5mm FM Yes Number of SIMs 2 SIM 1 SIM Type Micro-SIM GSM/CDMA GSM 3G Yes 4G/ LTE Yes Supports 4G in India (Band 40) No SIM 2 SIM Type Micro-SIM GSM/CDMA GSM 3G Yes 4G/ LTE No Supports 4G in India (Band 40) No. Compass/ Magnetometer No Proximity sensor Yes Accelerometer Yes Ambient light sensor Yes Gyroscope Yes Barometer No Temperature sensor No. Error or missing information? Please let us know. User ratings and reviews for Meizu m2 note. 3.5 Out of 5. 5 Star 1 4 Star 2 3 Star 2 2 Star 1 1 Star. Displaying review(s) 1- 5 of 5 Sort by: Most Helpful Most Recent. Can Meizu M2 note make it in India. By Harsha S | 23 Feb 2016. This is amazing mobile with good specifications which matches to mid range phones targeted at youth and working professionals where it gives them access to emails and other android apps, only point I would like to know is that whether they have service centres across the country or is that they have pickup for service with additional charges.. Was this review helpful? Yes No. 1 out of 1 people found this review helpful. Meizu M2 note with 16GB Standard storage. By Harsha S | 8 Nov 2015. Meizu M2 note which has 16GB of storage is almost similar to other flagship mobiles, price is mid range and better opportunity for entry level buyers at Rs.9000 plus.. Was this review helpful? Yes No. 1 out of 1 people found this review helpful. Not worth taking Risk buying Meizu M 2 Note. By Ramit Rajvanshi | 24 Jan 2016. I bought Meizu m 2 note about 5 months back. Because of its looks and specifications. Meizu Company is not well known in Indian at all. And it was still to set completely in India. So it was a complete risk for me to buy this phone, which I took, thinking that the Company is trying to set up India, should be doing good with Product and service at the initial stage. Phone look is very good and very good specifications. But Performance is not just good. Within two month phone had started giving problems. Note even two months over started having lots of problem. While switching on/off mobile data, every time need to go to settings of changing APN settings also. While pulling the screen for short key functions...it starts blinking, goes dark and hangs.. I tried reaching the service centre in Nagpur. They took the phone and said it cannot be repaired here; they will have to send it to bigger service centre. The phone was lying with they for 3 days but they could not send it further because of some complicated procedure. I wrote several emails to get some help but nothing worked out. The result is product it not good also the service. At this point will not recommend this phone.. Was this review helpful? Yes No. 4 out of 4 people found this review helpful. Overall its its very good phone. By Mahesh Waran | 10 Oct 2015. Full HD Display works fantastic, Charging speed is good, Camera quality is great (both primary and secondary). Was this review helpful? Yes No. 1 out of 2 people found this review helpful. By Riyan Rey | 31 Aug 2016. Nice Phone and camera too, good job. Was this review helpful? Yes No. Meizu m2 note With Android 5.0 Lollipop, Octa-Core SoC Launched at Rs. Meizu m2 note With Android 5.0 Lollipop, Octa-Core SoC Launched. Meizu M6s Meizu M6 Meizu M6 Note Meizu Pro 7 Plus Meizu Pro 7 Meizu A5 Meizu M5c Meizu E2 Meizu M5s Meizu M5 Note Meizu Pro 6 Plus Meizu M3X Meizu Pro 6s Meizu M5 Meizu M3 Max Meizu U20 Meizu U10 Meizu M3E Meizu MX6 Meizu m3s Meizu m3 Meizu Pro 6 Meizu m3 note Meizu MX5e Meizu Pro 5 Ubuntu Edition Meizu metal Meizu Pro 5 Meizu m2 Meizu MX5 Meizu MX4 Ubuntu Edition. Motorola Moto X Play vs. Meizu M2 Note Meizu M2 Note vs. Huawei Honor 6 Meizu Metal vs. Meizu M1 Note Meizu M3 Note vs. Meizu Mx4 Ubuntu Edition vs. Meizu M2 Note Meizu M2 vs. Meizu M2 Note Asus Zenfone Max 2016 vs. Meizu M2 Note Meizu M2 Note vs. Asus Zenfone 2 Asus Zenfone 2 Laser Ze550kl vs. Lenovo K3 Note Yu Yunicorn vs. Meizu M2 Note Xiaomi Redmi 4a vs. Nokia 7 Plus Is an Android One Phone With Dual Rear Cameras, Zeiss Optics Samsung Galaxy S9, Galaxy S9+ With Improved Cameras, AR Emoji Launched Samsung Galaxy S9, Galaxy S9+ Pre-Orders Now Open in India Nokia 7 Plus vs Nokia 7 Nokia 8110 4G Is a 'Slider' Feature Phone With Google, Facebook Apps Sony Unveils Xperia Ear Duo to Answer Apple AirPods, Samsung Gear IconX This Is When the New Nokia Phones Will Launch in India OnePlus 5, OnePlus 5T HD Content Streaming Issue Fixed, With a Catch Vodafone to Offer 4.5GB Data Per Day for 28 Days at Rs. 799: Report Sony Xperia XZ2, Xperia XZ2 Compact With 18:9 Displays Launched at MWC. Samsung phones price list Lyf phones price list Micromax phones price list Sony phones price list Htc phones price list Lenovo phones price list Intex phones price list Lava phones price list Apple phones price list Nokia phones price list Xolo phones price list Lg phones price list Vivo phones price list Oppo phones price list Gionee phones price list Motorola phones price list Blackberry phones price list Xiaomi phones price list. Sitemaps Archives Advertise About Us Feedback Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions Complaint Redressal Careers Contact Us RSS Ethics Meizu M2 Note in Hindi. © Copyright Red Pixels Ventures Limited 2018. Subject Comments. 
(Redirected from Meizu m2 note ). GSM , UMTS , HSPA , LTE. 2, 2015 ; 2 years ago. Flyme OS, based on Android 5.0 Lollipop. ARM Mali-T720 MP3. 16 GB or 32 GB flash memory. microSD slot (up to 256 GB). 3100 mAh Li-Ion rechargeable battery , not replaceable. Multi-touch capacitive touchscreen , A-GPS , GLONASS , Accelerometer , Gyroscope , Proximity sensor , Digital compass , Ambient light sensor. 1080x1920 px (403 ppi ). 13.0 MP , autofocus , ƒ/2.2 aperture , LED flash, 1080p30 recording. 5.0 MP , ƒ/2.0 aperture. mm TRS connector , Bluetooth 4.0 with BLE , Dual-band WiFi ( 802.11 a / b / g / n ). Dual SIM support with dual standby mode. Hardware and design [ edit ]. The Meizu M2 Note is a smartphone designed and produced by the Chinese manufacturer Meizu , which runs on Flyme OS, Meizu’s modified Android operating system. It is a previous phablet model of the M series, succeeding the Meizu M1 Note and preceding the Meizu M3 Note. It was unveiled on June 2, 2015 in Beijing.. 2.2 Hardware and design. Initial rumors appeared in May 2015 after a possible render image of the new device had been leaked. Unlike the predecessor, the M1 Note , the new device would have a physical home button instead of a capacitive one. On May 29, the specifications of the device have been allegedly sighted on the Android benchmark application GFXBench. According to this release, the device would feature 2 GB of RAM and a MediaTek MTK MT6753 system-on-a-chip. The following day, Meizu officially confirmed that there will be a launch event for the M2 Note in Beijing on June 2nd. As announced, the M2 Note was released in Beijing on June 2, 2015.. The M2 Note was launched in India on August 10, 2015. Over 1.2 million devices have been sold in the first month after the release. The Meizu M2 Note was released with an updated version of Flyme OS, a modified operating system based on Android Lollipop. It features an alternative, flat design and improved one-handed usability.. The Meizu M2 Note features a MediaTek MTK MT6753 system-on-a-chip with an array of eight ARM Cortex-A53 CPU cores, an ARM Mali-T720 MP3 GPU and 2 GB of RAM. The M2 Note reaches a score of 31,890 points the in AnTuTu benchmark. The M2 Note is available in four different colors (white, blue, pink and grey) and comes with 2 GB of RAM and 16 GB or 32 GB of internal storage.. It has a slate form factor , being rectangular with rounded corners and has only one central physical button at the front. Unlike most other Android smartphones, the M2 Note doesn’t have capacitive buttons nor on-screen buttons. The functionality of these keys is implemented using a technology called mBack, which makes use of gestures with the physical button. Unlike some other Meizu devices, a fingerprint sensor isn't integrated into the home button.. The M2 Note features a fully laminated 5.5-inch IGZO capacitive touchscreen display with a FHD resolution of 1080 by 1920 pixels. The pixel density of the display is 403 ppi.. In addition to the touchscreen input and the front key, the device has volume/zoom control buttons and the power/lock button on the right side, a 3.5mm TRS audio jack on the top and a microUSB (Micro-B type) port on the bottom for charging and connectivity.. The Meizu M2 Note has two cameras. The rear camera has a resolution of 13 MP , a ƒ/2.2 aperture, a 5-element lens, autofocus and an LED flash. The front camera has a resolution of 5 MP , a ƒ/2.0 aperture and a 4-element lens.. The M2 Note received generally positive reviews.. Android Authority gave the M2 Note a rating of 8 out of 10 possible points and concluded that “the Meizu M2 Note packs a very large punch for its price”. Furthermore, the build quality, battery life and the good display were praised. PhoneArena rated the M2 Note with 9 out of 10 possible points and stated that the “Meizu m2 Note has a lot to offer, as it’s a phone that comes with no huge compromises”. Android Headlines also reviewed the device and concluded that “the M2 Note is a great looking smartphone and can get everything you need done”. ^ "Meizu M2 Note website". ^ "Meizu M2 Note page – Full phone specifications". ^ "Meizu M2 Note Surfaces Rocking A Physical Home Button". ^ "Meizu M2 Note Specs Surface, Display Size Seems Off". ^ "Meizu Confirms M2 Note Will Launch On June 2nd". ^ "Meizu m2 note launches in India on August 10th as an Amazon exclusive". ^ "Meizu's M2 Note Mid-Ranger To Launch In India On May 11th". ^ "Meizu M2 Note – Antutu". ^ Bailey Stein (July 20, 2015). ^ Nick Sutrich (August 18, 2015). Categories : Android (operating system) devices Mobile phones introduced in 2015 Touchscreen mobile phones Smartphones Meizu. Hidden categories: Pages using deprecated image syntax. Not logged in Talk Contributions Create account Log in. Main page Contents Featured content Current events Random article Donate to Wikipedia Wikipedia store. Help About Wikipedia Community portal Recent changes Contact page. What links here Related changes Upload file Special pages Permanent link Page information Wikidata item Cite this page. Create a book Download as PDF Printable version. This page was last edited on 1 July 2017, at 13:44. Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License ;. By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc. 
The source for Tech Buying Advice. More Car Tech. Tech deals, prizes and latest news. Is this the phone to bring Meizu to the west?. The Meizu M2 Note is an impressive phablet, with specs and features that wouldn't look out of place on a handset twice its price. If you don't mind a few quirks or a relatively unknown brand name, then it's one of the best smartphones you can buy on a budget.. Can't use dual SIM if you have a microSD card. Meizu is a company that has found a lot of success in its native China – the previous M1 Note has sold more than 5 million units since its launch – and the company now has its sights firmly on making it big in the West, pinning its hopes on the Meizu M2 Note.. Breaking out of China and gaining worldwide recognition like its compatriots Huawei and OnePlus is an understandable aim, and Meizu is relying on a potent mix of impressive specs and low price to catch the eye of Western consumers.. Could the Meizu M2 Note be the handset to change the company's fortunes outside of its homeland? It's not quite as exciting as its flagship MX4 and MX4 Pro , but it offers some very compelling features for the price – and some pretty interesting innovations.. At the launch event it was announced that the M2 Note will be priced at an incredibly reasonable 799RMB (about $129, £85, AU$168) for the 16GB version, and 999RMB (about $161, £106, AU$210) for the 32GB version.. When I spoke to Meizu before the announcement of the international prices, I was assured that the past discrepancy between Chinese prices and the rest of the world hadn't been ideal, and that the company was looking into reducing the gap.. I'm happy to report that since then, Meizu has made good on its promise, and you can buy the international version of the M2 Note for as low as £144 (about $227, AU$294), which means the M2 Note could end up being the best value handset Meizu has ever launched outside of China.. The Meizu M2 Note is an attractively designed handset, and at first glance reminds me of the iPhone 3G, with the rounded back and edges, and rather minimalist front.. Complaints with the M1 Note focused on the back and edges not being particularly comfortable to hold, which has been addressed with the M2 Note having a more subtle curve to it.. The M2 Note is comfortable to hold, and looks rather nice. I certainly didn't feel any immediate discomfort when holding the M2 Note, and despite its large 5.5-inch screen, it felt more comfortable than some of the other large screen 'phablets' I've held.. This is thanks to the impressively slim bezel that surrounds the left and right hand sides of the screen, which hold just a sliver of black between the screen's edge and the body. The bezel along the top and bottom of the handset are thicker, but that's understandable due to the necessity of holding the speaker, a notification LED light and front-facing camera, along with the home button.. Meizu previously claimed that holding an M2 Note would be like "sticking out your hand in a 60mph car", and while it certainly doesn't achieve that (and I'm not sure I'd want a phone which replicated that experience), the polycarbonate unibody felt light yet robust at a weight of 149g.. The M2 Note comes in four colours including the white and grey pictured here. The M2 Note comes in white, blue, pink and grey. From my time with each colour, the grey hue is definitely the most attractive, though the others are by no means ugly.. One aspect that does take a little getting used to is locating the power and volume buttons on the left-hand side of the body – a common design choice in China that could baffle our Western hands for the first few days of using the M2 Note.. The power and volume buttons are on the left-hand side of the body. Everything else is roughly where you'd expect them to be, with a headphone port at the top and a micro USB port on the bottom.. On the right-hand side is a singular tray which allows you to add two SIM cards, or a SIM card and a microSD card up to 128GB. It's a nice system that keeps the body of the device looking uncluttered, though some people might not be too happy about sacrificing a SIM card to expand the memory.. The oval home button is located at the bottom bezel underneath the screen and comes with some interesting innovations. Meizu described the home button as 'revolutionary' – more on that later.. Revolutionary or not, the placement of the home screen, and the lack of any other buttons on the M2 Note's face, again draws comparisons with Apple devices. While this would usually be folly for devices in this price bracket, the M2 Note comes off pretty well, and it certainly doesn't look like a cheap phone.. Next Page Key features. You can unsubscribe at any time and we'll never share your details without your permission.. Get the best tech deals, reviews, product advice, competitions, unmissable tech news and more!. 1 Samsung Galaxy S9 release date, price, news and features. 2 Samsung Galaxy S9 launch: as it happened. 3 Samsung Galaxy S9 live stream: how to watch today's big launch event. 4 How to watch Arsenal v Man City live stream online for the Carabao Cup final NOW. 5 MWC 2018: All the latest news from the show. 2 Samsung Galaxy S9 Plus review. 3 Samsung Galaxy S9 release date, price, news and features. 4 Samsung Galaxy S9 launch: as it happened. 5 BlackBerry: 'we understand we are not for everyone' but 'we're here to stay'. TechRadar is part of Future plc, an international media group and leading digital publisher. England and Wales company registration number 2008885.. 
more ... more .... more ... more .... MEMORY: 32 GB + MicroSD. View all photos (57). Click to read the full review. Based on 1 User reviews. The Meizu m2 note brings a 5.5-inch 1080p IPS IGZO panel, 1.3-GHz octa-core processor, 2 GB of RAM, 13-megapixel main camera and a 5-megapixel selfie shooter on the front. The phone comes in two storage versions: a 16GB and a 32GB one, and both support memory expansion via microSD cards. Quite interestingly, rather than having that typical for Meizu round capacitive button below the screen, the M2 Note features a physical key.. Meizu m2 note Review Meizu m2 note benchmarks. OS: Android (5.0), Meizu Flyme UI. Dimensions: 5.94 x 2.96 x 0.34 inches (150.9 x 75.2 x 8.7 mm). Weight: 5.26 oz (149 g) the average is 5.6 oz (159 g). Display Physical size: 5.5 inches. Resolution: 1080 x 1920 pixels. Features: Scratch-resistant glass (Corning Gorilla Glass 3), Ambient light sensor, Proximity sensor. Pixel density - The pixel density of a display represents the number of pixels over an area of one inch. It’s measured in “pixels per inch”, or ppi. The higher the number, the more detailed and good-looking the display is.. Technology - There are two main screen technologies currently used in phones and tablets: LCD and AMOLED. The former usually features a light source and liquid crystals, while the latter is based on organic light-emitting diodes. Newer LCD variations like IPS-LCD and Super-LCD allow for very accurate color reproduction and very wide viewing angles, where no significant image quality loss is observed. Current AMOLED screens differ in such a way that they can exhibit much more saturated colors (sometimes too much) and incredibly high contrast levels, which is due to black color being completely black in AMOLED displays.. Screen-to-body ratio - Shows what part of the frontal area of a phone its screen occupies.. Hardware Features: Autofocus, CMOS image sensor. Software Features: Touch to focus, Smile detection, Face detection, Self-timer, Digital zoom, Geo tagging. Settings: Exposure compensation, ISO control, Shutter speed control. Shooting Modes: Burst mode, High Dynamic Range mode (HDR), Panorama. Aperture size - The aperture of a camera is the opening through which light travels before it reaches the camera sensor. The smaller the number is, the bigger this opening is, allowing for more light to pass.. Octa-core, 1300 MHz, ARM Cortex-A53, 64-bit. System chip - Most modern handsets use an advanced chip that includes many of the device’s hardware modules like the processor, Wi-Fi, Bluetooth and sometimes even the wireless radio. This field shows what particular system chip (or System-on-a-Chip) is used in the phone.. Processor - The processor is the main computing component of a phone and is a major factor when it comes to the overall speed of the device. Some more powerful smartphones use dual-core and quad-core processors designed to deliver greater performance.. Graphics processor - The graphics processor is important for the smooth operation of the system and especially in games and other applications that may involve complex graphics and animations.. System memory - System memory, or RAM memory is the type of memory that the device uses to temporarily store data from the OS or currently-running apps. The more RAM available to the device, the better the performance will be when multiple or heavier programs are running.. Built-in storage - Bigger storage capacity allows you to keep more content saved onto your device, such as more applications, photos or video. Games and video content typically take up the biggest amount of storage space.. Storage expansion - Some handsets allow you to expand their storage capacity by using a memory expansion card – most often microSD. Expansion memory is mostly suitable for media storage, such as photo, video or music content.. Capacity - The bigger, the better! However, battery capacity is not the only factor that has an effect on battery life. Those include the chipset in use, the software running on the device, as well as the consumer's unique usage pattern.. Filter by: Album, Artist, Genre, Playlists. Features: Album art cover, Background playback. Cellular GSM: 900, 1800, 1900 MHz. LTE (FDD): Bands 1, 3, 7. Accelerometer, Gyroscope, Compass, Hall (for flip covers). Notifications: Haptic feedback, Music ringtones (MP3), Polyphonic ringtones, Vibration, Flight mode, Silent mode, Speakerphone. Other features: Voice dialing, Voice commands, Voice recording. 802.11 a, b, g, n, dual-band. Features: Mass storage device, USB charging. Other: Tethering, Computer sync, OTA sync. Positioning - This field shows the positioning systems supported by the device. The most common types are GPS and A-GPS.. GPS - This is one of the most widespread global positioning technologies, developed and maintained by the U.S. It uses satellites in order to detect your location. A-GPS - A-GPS stands for Assisted GPS and is the industry standard for positioning and navigation. “Assisted” means that it can use local wireless networks, in addition to satellites, for quicker and more precise localization.. Shopping information MSRP price: $ 160. To see the full specifications with in-depth details click here.. This device is also known as. Despite our efforts to provide full and correct Meizu m2 note specifications, there is always a possibility of making a mistake. If you see any wrong or incomplete data, please LET US KNOW .. If you are interested in using our specs commercially, check out our Phone specs database licensing page.. Xiaomi and Meizu phones officially land in the US through US Mobile (update). Poll results: Redmi Note 2 vs Galaxy A7 vs Meizu M2 Note, which one would you pick?. Redmi Note 2 vs Galaxy A7 vs Meizu M2 Note specs comparison: which one would you pick?. Meizu m2 note launches in India on August 10th as an Amazon exclusive. Meizu M2 Note goes on preorder: $169 price gets you 5.5" 1080p screen and 4G dual-standby. The impressive Meizu m2 note attracts 10 million reservations. The Samsung Galaxy S9 and S9+ have game-changing cameras with variable aperture and 960fps slow-mo video recording. The Big Barcelona Camera Comparison: iPhone X vs Pixel 2 XL vs Note 8. Samsung Galaxy S9 and S9+ rumor review: Specs, design, features, price and release date. Sony presents Xperia XZ2 and XZ2 Compact: new design and Snapdragon 845. Galaxy S9 Exynos edition gets benchmarked against rivals!. Galaxy S9 first camera comparison vs iPhone X, V30, S8. Samsung Galaxy S9 & S9+ hands-on. MWC 2018: top smartphones to expect. Best smartphone you can buy in 2018. Allo is a quality app, but Google isn't giving it a real chance. All content (phone reviews, news, specs, info), design and layouts are Copyright 2001-2018 phoneArena.com. Reproduction in whole or in part or in any form or medium without written permission is prohibited! Privacy. 
9 am - 9 pm GTM+8. Â©2017 Meizu Telecom Equipment Co., Ltd. Please select your country or region. 
• One stop service: solve all your problems. • Orders Tracking and shipped out notification. • Need help before making an order?. • Chat with us in real-time. • For Aftersale issues, just submit a ticket. We will reply within 24 hours. Meizu M2 Note 16gb Meizu M3 Note 4g Meizu M5 Note 4g Meizu 4g Lte. Register on GearBest: Earn 50 points. Related Recommendations Recommended Products for You. Customers Who Bought This Item Also Bought. MEIZU M2 Note 4G LTE Phablet. Android 5.0 Lollipop / 5.5 inch FHD IPS Screen / MTK6753 64bit Octa Core / 2GB RAM 16GB ROM / 5.0MP +13.0MP Camera. Shipping fee will not be included in the instalment amount. Orders contain interest-free products and other Non-interest-free products will not enjoy insterest-free privilege. Receipient’s address must be Brazil to use instalment. Xiaomi Mi 6 4G Smartphone International Version. Xiaomi Redmi Note 4X 4G Phablet. OnePlus 5T 4G Phablet International Version. LeEco Le S3 X626 4G Phablet International Version. MEIZU M2 Note 4G LTE Phablet. Get these Essentials for Your Product. Tips: We suggest that customers not update the system in case of losing the languages. Main Features: MEIZU M2 Note Android 5.0 Lollipop 4G Phablet 5.5 inch IPS Screen MTK6753 64bit Octa Core 2GB RAM 16GB ROM 13.0MP Rear Camera Display: 5.5 inch FHD Screen CPU: MTK6753 64bit Octa Core 1.3GHz System: Android 5.0 RAM + ROM: 2GB RAM + 16GB ROM Camera: 5.0MP front camera + 13.0MP back camera Bluetooth: 4.0 GPS: GPS, A-GPS, GLONASS Sensors: Hall Effect sensor, Gravity sensor, IR proximity sensor, Gyroscope, Ambient light sensor, Touch sensor, Digital compass SIM Card: Dual SIM dual standby, dual Nano SIM Network: 2G: GSM 850/900/1800/1900MHz 3G: WCDMA 850/900/1900/2100MHz 4G: FDD-LTE 1800/2100/2600MHz Note: 1. Both SIM1 and SIM2 support 4G networks. You can choose the data service mode in the settings, one SIM will be 4G while the other SIM can only use GSM networks. SIM1 can be used in combination with a Nano-SIM card or a TF card of up to 128GB. Please ensure local area network is compatible. click here for Network Frequency of your country. Please check with your carrier/provider before purchasing this item.. Languages: Simplified/Traditional Chinese, English, Cestina, Deutsch, Eesti, Spanish, French, Harvatski, Italian, Latviesu, Lietuviu, Magyar, Polski, Romana, Slovenscina, Greek, Russian, Hebrew. SIM Card Slot: Dual SIM,Dual Standby. SIM Card Type: Dual Nano SIM. External Memory: TF card up to 128GB (not included). Screen resolution: 1920 x 1080 (FHD). Camera type: Dual cameras (one front one back). Back camera: 13.0MP,with flash light and AF. I/O Interface: Micro USB Slot,3.5mm Audio Out Port. Sensor: Gravity Sensor,Ambient Light Sensor,Proximity Sensor. Battery Capacity (mAh): 3100mAh Built-in Battery. Product size: 15.09 x 7.52 x 0.87 cm / 5.93 x 2.96 x 0.34 inches. Package size: 18 x 12 x 6 cm / 7.07 x 4.72 x 2.36 inches. Download your favorite apps through the Google Play Store or Market installed. Note: This smart phone is designed only to work with the current Android/Windows OS installed in it. Any alterations such as upgrades or flashing a newer version will void the warranty. The stated ROM amount shows the maximum available ROM with nothing installed. However, the Android/Windows OS and pre-installed software from the manufacturer will occupy some of this ROM. The available ROM on the device will therefore be slightly less than the ROM listed.. FAQ for MEIZU M2 Note 4G LTE Phablet. Sponsored Products Related to This Item. Will this phone work in my country?. What is the IMEI number of this device?. How to revive any dead phone battery?. Why do 16GB phones only have 12GB storage available?. Why can't I hear any sound when making or receiving a call?. Can this item be shipped to my country?. What is the SAR value of the phone?. This is based on the phone network frequency bands, for more details:. 4 steps to know whether a phone will work in your country. We cannot provide IMEI (international mobile equipment identity) numbers because each cell phone will be given a unique set of numbers after its assembly, We can't open the packaging.. Related post about finding Xiaomi smartphone IMEI:. There are four ways to revive dead phone battery, refer to post:. 4 secret ways to revive any dead phone battery. Related post: Why do 16GB phones only have 12GB storage available. Make sure the protective film has been removed completely;. Try to turn up the volume of the handset;. Try to change mobile signal in your area might be poor;. If you cannot hear the voice of the receiver, it might be the problem of the receiver's phone or signal.. We can deliver orders to most countries. For a detailed explanation of each shipping method, destination and approximate delivery time, please check our website:. GearBest shipping memo: save money on delivery by choosing the best option. We have listed the SAR value of some cell phones, you can refer to it:. Does the meizu m2 note support wireless charging (qi standard) ?. By Lorenzo Mueller Oct-23/2016 12:10:37. Please note that this item do not support wireless charging.. Please feel free to contact us if you have any questions.. Is it user friendly for Sri Lanka Signal and any things?. By Prabath May-24/2016 05:05:41. This item is Unlocked for Worldwide use. Please ensure local area network is compatible.. 2G: GSM 850/900/1800/1900MHz 3G: WCDMA 850/900/1900/2100MHz 4G: FDD-LTE 1800/2100/2600MHz. Is it working in sri lanka?. By Prabath May-24/2016 05:05:53. Hello Prabath， Unlocked For Worldwide use.Please ensure local area network is compatible for Network Frequency of your country. Please check with your carrier/provider before purchasing this item.. The language of this product don't have Viet Nam. By Huu Nang Apr-18/2016 03:04:31. Hello Huu， Languages: Simplified/Traditional Chinese, English, Cestina, Deutsch, Eesti, Spanish, French, Harvatski, Italian, Latviesu, Lietuviu, Magyar, Polski, Romana, Slovenscina, Greek, Russian, Hebrew.. This item does not support Viet Nam.. what rom is installed on this phone? is it international ? is italian language present?. By salvatore Apr-09/2016 11:04:39. Hello， RAM + ROM: 2GB RAM + 16GB ROM. Network: 2G: GSM 850/900/1800/1900MHz 3G: WCDMA 850/900/1900/2100MHz 4G: FDD-LTE 1800/2100/2600MHz Note: 1. Both SIM1 and SIM2 support 4G networks. You can choose the data service mode in the settings, one SIM will be 4G while the other SIM can only use GSM networks. SIM1 can be used in combination with a Nano-SIM card or a TF card of up to 128GB. Please ensure local area network is compatible. click here http://maps.mobileworldlive.com/ for Network Frequency of your country. Please check with your carrier/provider before purchasing this item.. Languages :Simplified/Traditional Chinese, English, Cestina, Deutsch, Eesti, Spanish, French, Harvatski, Italian, Latviesu, Lietuviu, Magyar, Polski, Romana, Slovenscina, Greek, Russian, Hebrew. COMO EU PAGO O IMPOSTO DE IMPORTAÇÃO NO BRASIL. By edson jose hanauer Mar-27/2016 09:03:53. Taxes are charged by your local customs office control and are covered by the customer. We recommend you ship the item by surface mail or ems to reduce or avoid ( if applicable) .Please refer to http://www.gearbest.com/about/faq.html. will this phone work in ireland?. By annmarie canavan Mar-26/2016 05:03:58. This phone is unlocked , it can work the carrier which can support Frequency GSM850/900/1800/1900MHz , You can check the link to find which carrier this phone can support,The link is http://maps.mobileworldlive.com/.. Hola, este celular puede funcionar en Perú?. By Luis Enrique Mar-25/2016 06:03:24. This phone is unlocked , it can work the carrier which can support Frequency GSM850/900/1800/1900MHz , You can check the link to find which carrier this phone can support,The link is http://maps.mobileworldlive.com/.. Is this phone support Bulgarian language?. By Hristov Jan-19/2016 10:01:41. We are sorry that this item does not support Bulgarian language. Please feel free to ask if you have further questions.. By JUAN VAQUERO Jan-19/2016 03:01:06. The phone will come with google play installed. Please feel free to ask if you have further questions.. Prev 1 2 3 4 ... 10 Next Go To : GO. Be the FIRST to Ask a Question. Want GB Points? Just Write a Review!. Be the FIRST to Ask a Question. Want GB Points? Just Write a Review!. Be the FIRST to Ask a Question. Want GB Points? Just Write a Review!. Be the FIRST to Ask a Question. Want GB Points? Just Write a Review!. Be the FIRST to Ask a Question. Want GB Points? Just Write a Review!. 100 Questions & Answers View All. Elephone P4000 MTK6735 64bit Android 5.1 4G LTE Sm.... Elephone P8 3D 4G Phablet 4GB RAM. Elephone Blitz Qualcomm Certification 3.0 Power Ad.... Original Elephone U Pro Fast Charger Adapter. Original Elephone PU Leather Full Body Case Protec.... Original Elephone U Scratch-resistant PC Back Case. Original Elephone U / U Pro Scratch-resistant Prot.... Original Elephone U PRO Scratch-resistant Cover Case. Original Elephone Anti-drop TPU Phone Back Case fo.... Base on 446 Customer Reviews. Share your thoughts with other customers Write a review. Pros: Заказ получил, оригинал, все хорошо! Cons: Заказ получил, оригинал, все хорошо!. Is this helpful? Yes ( 0 ) No ( 0 ). Pros: sehr gutes Gerät, einfach zu handhaben und flashen, schnelle Lieferung... Is this helpful? Yes ( 0 ) No ( 0 ). Pros: very good phone for this money Cons: very good phone for this money. Is this helpful? Yes ( 0 ) No ( 1 ). Pros: acquistato quasi due anni fa quando meizu era ancora sconosciuta ai più in Italia.. nonostante i due GB di RAM si comporta egregiamente... la batteria comincia a perdere qualche colpo, ma ci sta dopo due anni e la sostituzione è molto semplice pur essendo una batteria integrata...basta un po\' di manualità.. Is this helpful? Yes ( 0 ) No ( 0 ). Pros: Liked: + Good screen + Quick work + Not a bad autonomy + Cameras + Gray color of the case with matte plastic, the ability to install a memory card, a mechanical button mBack Cons: Did not like: - Average quality of the ringing speaker - Decreased performance compared to Meizu M1 Note, worse oleophobic coating, inconvenient volume / on / off keys - Minor glitches in the firmware. Is this helpful? Yes ( 0 ) No ( 0 ). Is this helpful? Yes ( 0 ) No ( 0 ). Pros: If you\'re a regular Android user, you probably haven\'t thought of a physical home button since Google started including onscreen buttons with recent versions of its mobile operating system. However, it\'s clear that Meizu has been thinking long and hard about it, as the inclusion of a home button on the M2 Note doesn\'t feel like a retrograde step, and instead offers some rather interesting and innovative features.Considering the price of the Meizu M2 Note, the specifications are pretty impressive – and generally much more powerful than other handsets in the same price bracket. While most budget phones make do with 512MB or 1GB of RAM, the M2 Note comes with 2GB, which helps multitasking with numerous apps open feel smooth and fluid. The Mediatek octa-core 1.3GHz CPU also helps keep everything running smoothly, and running the GeekBench 3 benchmark, which puts the CPU through its paces, yielded a multi-core score of 2693. Cons: The Meizu M2 Note is an impressive phablet, with specs and features that wouldn\'t look out of place on a handset twice its price. If you don\'t mind a few quirks or a relatively unknown brand name, then it\'s one of the best smartphones you can buy on a budget. Meizu M2 Note is a solid phablet that offers plenty of bang for your buck. The international price isn\'t as cheap as the Chinese version, but it\'s still highly competitive. The fact that it\'s near £100 makes it an easy recommendation for anyone who wants budget smartphone, but doesn\'t want to make too many compromises on power and features. With a design, specs and features that wouldn\'t look out of place on a handset twice its price, I was more than happy with this handset. If you don\'t mind a few quirks, or a brand name hardly anyone has heard of, then it\'s one of the best cheap smartphones you can buy.. Is this helpful? Yes ( 0 ) No ( 0 ). Pros: bright and big screen Lte support Good bettery Cons: no sd card support in dual sim.mode. Is this helpful? Yes ( 0 ) No ( 0 ). Pros: - quality - battery life -easy to use -works good - fast shipping. Is this helpful? Yes ( 0 ) No ( 0 ). Pros: Good construction Good camera Fast Cons: System sometimes not user friendly Latest system version not compatible with Facebook. Is this helpful? Yes ( 0 ) No ( 0 ). Prev 1 2 3 4 ... 45 Next Go To : GO. Pros: Liked: + Good screen + Quick work + Not a bad autonomy + Cameras + Gray color of the case with matte plastic, the ability to install a memory card, a mechanical button mBack Cons: Did not like: - Average quality of the ringing speaker - Decreased performance compared to Meizu M1 Note, worse oleophobic coating, inconvenient volume / on / off keys - Minor glitches in the firmware. Is this helpful? Yes ( 0 ) No ( 0 ). Is this helpful? Yes ( 0 ) No ( 0 ). Pros: If you\'re a regular Android user, you probably haven\'t thought of a physical home button since Google started including onscreen buttons with recent versions of its mobile operating system. However, it\'s clear that Meizu has been thinking long and hard about it, as the inclusion of a home button on the M2 Note doesn\'t feel like a retrograde step, and instead offers some rather interesting and innovative features.Considering the price of the Meizu M2 Note, the specifications are pretty impressive – and generally much more powerful than other handsets in the same price bracket. While most budget phones make do with 512MB or 1GB of RAM, the M2 Note comes with 2GB, which helps multitasking with numerous apps open feel smooth and fluid. The Mediatek octa-core 1.3GHz CPU also helps keep everything running smoothly, and running the GeekBench 3 benchmark, which puts the CPU through its paces, yielded a multi-core score of 2693. Cons: The Meizu M2 Note is an impressive phablet, with specs and features that wouldn\'t look out of place on a handset twice its price. If you don\'t mind a few quirks or a relatively unknown brand name, then it\'s one of the best smartphones you can buy on a budget. Meizu M2 Note is a solid phablet that offers plenty of bang for your buck. The international price isn\'t as cheap as the Chinese version, but it\'s still highly competitive. The fact that it\'s near £100 makes it an easy recommendation for anyone who wants budget smartphone, but doesn\'t want to make too many compromises on power and features. With a design, specs and features that wouldn\'t look out of place on a handset twice its price, I was more than happy with this handset. If you don\'t mind a few quirks, or a brand name hardly anyone has heard of, then it\'s one of the best cheap smartphones you can buy.. Is this helpful? Yes ( 0 ) No ( 0 ). Pros: bright and big screen Lte support Good bettery Cons: no sd card support in dual sim.mode. Is this helpful? Yes ( 0 ) No ( 0 ). Pros: - quality - battery life -easy to use -works good - fast shipping. Is this helpful? Yes ( 0 ) No ( 0 ). il miglior medi gamma ancora in circolazione per me. cover con viti nella parte bassa quindi anche smontarlo per cambiare la batteria non sarà un problema. Per i tifosi del napoli come me è un must. Cons: manca la banda B20 e poi arriva con firmware cinese quindi bisogna smanettare un po. Is this helpful? Yes ( 0 ) No ( 0 ). Pros: Works great, fast and easy to use Long lasting battery Great design Cons: None. Is this helpful? Yes ( 0 ) No ( 0 ). Pros: Очень быстрая доставка, товар оригинальный и качественный.Советую к сотрудничеству етот магазин. Cons: Аккумулятор: 3100 мАч, несъёмный, Оперативная память: 2 ГБ, Встроенная память: 16 ГБ,. Is this helpful? Yes ( 0 ) No ( 0 ). Pros: Große Display Akkulaufzeit Design Cons: Updatepolitik rutschiges Gehäuse. Is this helpful? Yes ( 0 ) No ( 0 ). MEIZU M2 Note 5.5 inch Octa Core Android 5.0 Lollipop 4G Phablet. I will buy more Cons: Not found. Is this helpful? Yes ( 0 ) No ( 0 ). Prev 1 2 3 4 ... 23 Next Go To : GO. il miglior medi gamma ancora in circolazione per me. cover con viti nella parte bassa quindi anche smontarlo per cambiare la batteria non sarà un problema. Per i tifosi del napoli come me è un must. Cons: manca la banda B20 e poi arriva con firmware cinese quindi bisogna smanettare un po. Is this helpful? Yes ( 0 ) No ( 0 ). Pros: Очень быстрая доставка, товар оригинальный и качественный.Советую к сотрудничеству етот магазин. Cons: Аккумулятор: 3100 мАч, несъёмный, Оперативная память: 2 ГБ, Встроенная память: 16 ГБ,. Is this helpful? Yes ( 0 ) No ( 0 ). Pros: fast and cheap phone Cons: none. Is this helpful? Yes ( 0 ) No ( 0 ). Pros: Good phone for good price. Is this helpful? Yes ( 0 ) No ( 0 ). Pros: ОТличный телефон и недорогой Самсунги и айфоны сосут или нервно курят, выбирайте кому что нравиться Супре вобщем Cons: нет. Is this helpful? Yes ( 0 ) No ( 0 ). Pros: product that meets the expectations in the average range, does not disappoint Cons: who knows this product and find no reported problems. Is this helpful? Yes ( 0 ) No ( 0 ). Is this helpful? Yes ( 0 ) No ( 0 ). Is this helpful? Yes ( 0 ) No ( 0 ). Pros: Сборка Удобство работы Экран яркий и четкий Поддержка производителя Много чехлов пленок и разных плюшек Cons: Не тянет тяжелые игры нельзя одновременно использовать две сим и сд карту Китайская версия нет русского языка нужна перепрошивка. Is this helpful? Yes ( 0 ) No ( 0 ). Pros: Telefono molto valido lo uso da circa 5 mesi e mi ci trovo perfettamente. Sono uno skater e la funzione slow motion è utilissima e fatta molto bene. Cons: Fino ad ora non ho trovato contro. A volte può dare qualche scatto ma solo prima di caricare un applicazione.. Is this helpful? Yes ( 0 ) No ( 0 ). Prev 1 2 3 4 ... 7 Next Go To : GO. After confirming your payment, we usually ship products out within 24 business hours. However, sometimes due to large transaction volumes or other order issues, we may require up to 3 working days to process orders. You will receive a notification email as soon as your product(s) have been dispatched.. Unregistered Air Mail or Registered Air Mail. Spain, United Kingdom, Italy, Germany, France & Portugal. Netherlands, Greece, Poland, Hungary, Slovakia, Czech Republic. Spain, United Kingdom, Italy, Germany, France & Portugal. GW Warehouse: Typically 3-5 days to the UK, 3-7 days to other European countries. USA Warehouse: Generally, 3-7 days to a USA address. ES Warehouse: Generally, 2-5 days to the Spain, 3-7 days to the Portugal. Shipping from warehouse nearest to shipping address is faster. Note: The above shipping time are calculated by using calendar days. This is a general guide and delays maybe caused force majeure, natural disasters, inclement weather, war, public holidays, and factors outside our control. The most convenient payment method in the world.. For orders which exceed $1,500,please contact us at support@gearbest.com. Note: please email us the order number,the amount transferred along with currency type,and the exact date of the wire transfer.. Please contact us at support@gearbest.com for details. Note: please email us the following information after you have paid via Westem Union: · Control Number(10 digits) · The exact amount sent along with the currency · Name of sender. There are two key factors which will affect the time you receive your items.. Gearbest.com accepts PayPal,Credit Cards,Wire Transfer and Westem Union as secure payment methods.. *Please let us know as much as possible about your inquiry so that we can assist you with your specific needs. We are always happy to help wherever possible.. Please note: the standard and expedited shipping costs are only estimates; the actual shipping price will be shown on the order page.. At Gearbest we work hard to ensure we can offer our customers high quality products at the lowest possible price. If you purchase a Gearbest product and find that the price has dropped within 72 hours of paying the order, we will refund the difference - no questions asked. Simply contact our Customer Service team at our Support Center with the details. Please note that our 72 hours Price Protection Program does not apply to Flash Deal products.. Prices may fluctuate due to page caches, updates or sales ending; the most up-to-date price takes priority.. ALL prices listed on GearBest exclude taxes, import fees, and customs duties. Customers may be subject to these fees.. Vaild for 72 Hour(s) after receiving.please check it in your GB Account - My Coupon .. FAQ & Support Terms and Conditions. Newsletter GearBest respects your privacy. Copyright ©2014-2018 Gearbest.com All Rights Reserved.. 
The next video is starting stop. Want to watch this again later?. Sign in to add this video to a playlist.. Sign in to report inappropriate content.. Sign in to make your opinion count.. Sign in to make your opinion count.. The interactive transcript could not be loaded.. Rating is available when the video has been rented.. This feature is not available right now. Buy at Amazon: http://geni.us/2Llq | Full review & ratings: http://goo.gl/0vV5ZE Meizu has created a flagship level experience for a sub $200 price point. Talk about Android in our forums: http://www.androidauthority.com/commu... Subscribe to our YouTube channel: http://www.youtube.com/subscription_c... ---------------------------------------------------- Stay connected to Android Authority: - http://www.androidauthority.com - http://google.com/+androidauthority - http://facebook.com/androidauthority/ - http://twitter.com/androidauth/ - http://instagram.com/androidauthority/ Music by CHUKI: https://soundcloud.com/yuki-asemota/c... Follow the Team: Josh Vergara: https://plus.google.com/+JoshuaVergara Joe Hindy: https://plus.google.com/+JosephHindy Lanh Nguyen: https://plus.google.com/+LanhNguyenFilms Jayce Broda: https://plus.google.com/+JayceBroda Gary Sims: https://plus.google.com/+GarySims Ash Tailor: https://plus.google.com/+AshTailor "Music by CHUKI: https://soundcloud.com/yuki-asemota/c... When autoplay is enabled, a suggested video will automatically play next.. Meizu m3 note - what does a $200 smartphone get you?. Xiaomi Redmi Note 2 vs Meizu M2 Note - Speed Test Comparison. Best Bang for Buck Chinese Smartphones - 2015 edition!. 10 SIMPLE LIFE HACKS WITH SMARTPHONE. Meizu M2 Note VS Lenovo K3 Note - Speed & Camera Test!. Meizu M2 Note India Hands On Review. Meizu M2 Note review - unboxing, benchmark, gaming and battery performance. Meizu M2 Note - Review Indonesia. Meizu M2 Note - [Hands On] - MTK6753 - 2GB/16GB - 5.1 Lollipop - 5MP/13MP - 3100mAh. The Super Smartphone You've Never Heard Of.... 【實測比拼】Meizu M2 Note vs M1 Note，魅藍同系內鬥 - FlashingDroid. Meizu M2 - Unboxing & Hands On Impressions!. Meizu M2 Note Review - Amazing Display for $170. Meizu M3 Note Unboxing & Overview Good Specs affordable Pricing. 8 Most Useful Gadgets on Amazon Under $15. Sign in to add this to Watch Later. 
The next video is starting stop. Want to watch this again later?. Sign in to add this video to a playlist.. Sign in to report inappropriate content.. Sign in to make your opinion count.. Sign in to make your opinion count.. The interactive transcript could not be loaded.. Rating is available when the video has been rented.. This feature is not available right now. The Meizu m2 Note is the company’s affordable big-screen phone: a 5.5-inch phablet with a 1080 x 1920-pixel display, an octa-core MediaTek chip with 2GB of RAM, and the latest Android… http://www.phonearena.com/reviews/Mei... -------- PhoneArena.com is your ultimate source of mobile tech news, reviews, and info. The PhoneArena YouTube channel delivers a vast range of smartphone, tablet, and accessory video reviews, in addition to regular hands-on, unboxing, and other uploads. Visit PhoneArena.com: http://www.phonearena.com/ Check out the YouTube channel: http://www.youtube.com/user/PhoneArena. When autoplay is enabled, a suggested video will automatically play next.. Meizu M3 Note Unboxing & Overview Good Specs affordable Pricing. Xiaomi Redmi Note 2 vs Meizu M2 Note - Speed Test Comparison. Meizu M2 Note - Review Indonesia. DON'T Buy The Samsung Galaxy Note 8. Meizu M2 note la recensione di HDblog.it. Meizu M2 Note VS Lenovo K3 Note - Speed & Camera Test!. What is a Core i3, Core i5, or Core i7 as Fast As Possible. Meizu M2 Note Review - Amazing Display for $170. Camera Gimbals - how good are they? Review of the Zhiyun Crane & Smooth Q. Meizu Flyme 4.5 Android skin (UI) review. Sony Xperia XZ2 Hands-On: Sony's got a new design!. Unboxing & First Impression Meizu M2 Note (demo) Indonesia. Meizu M2 Note review - unboxing, benchmark, gaming and battery performance. Sign in to add this to Watch Later. 
Press alt + / to open this menu. See more of Meizu M2 Note on Facebook. See more of Meizu M2 Note on Facebook. Contact Meizu M2 Note on Messenger. English (UK) · 中文(简体) · Bahasa Indonesia · Español · Português (Brasil). Privacy · Terms · Advertising · AdChoices · Cookies ·. · 13 February at 02:36 ·. OPPO A71 (2018) with A.I selfie camera launched in India: http://bit.ly/OPPOA71. · 5 February at 23:53 ·. Vivo V7+ Infinite Red Limited Edition launched in India: http://bit.ly/vivoV7Plus. · 25 January ·. Vivo X20 Plus UD with under glass fingerprint sensor announced: http://bit.ly/VivoX20PlusUD. · 10 January ·. Vivo showcases world’s first In-Display Fingerprint Scanning Smartphone at CES 2018: http://bit.ly/VivoIDFS. · 27 December 2017 ·. OPPO A83 revealed with 5.7-inch full-screen display and face unlock: http://bit.ly/OPPOA83. · 25 December 2017 ·. OxygenOS 5.0 update based on Android 8.0 Oreo rolling out for OnePlus 5: http://bit.ly/Op5Oreo. · 7 December 2017 ·. OPPO launches its new mid-range smartphone, F5 Youth, in India: http://bit.ly/OppoF5Youth. · 7 December 2017 ·. OPPO launches its new mid-range smartphone, F5 Youth, in India: http://bit.ly/OppoF5Youth. · 28 November 2017 ·. OPPO F5 Youth Edition launched with FullView display and 16MP front camera: http://bit.ly/opf5ye. · 27 November 2017 ·. Gionee launches 6 new FullView display smartphones as part of Winter lineup in China: http://bit.ly/GioneeS11. · 21 September 2017 ·. Meizu M6 goes official with 5.2″ display and 8MP selfie shooter: http://bit.ly/MEIZUm6. Meizu M2 Note added 4 new photos .. · 13 September 2017 ·. Apple officially unveiled iPhone X(10), iPhone 8 and iPhone 8 Plus. iPhone X ― http://bit.ly/IphoneX iPhone 8 and 8 Plus ― http://bit.ly/ip8andip8plus. · 5 September 2017 ·. Xiaomi Mi A1 Android One phone with dual cameras launched: Specs, Price, Availability — http://bit.ly/XiaomiMiA1. · 27 August 2017 ·. Meizu M6 Note with 5.5″ display, Dual Cameras and 4000mAh battery launched: http://bit.ly/M6Note. Meizu M6 Note: Specifications, Features, Price, Availability. Meizu M6 Note: Specifications, Features, Price, Availability. · 23 August 2017 ·. Meizu M6 Note with 5.5-inch display, Dual Cameras and 4000mAh battery launched: http://bit.ly/M6Note. · 4 January 2017 ·. Top 10 smartphones to buy under INR 10000 (2016): http://bit.ly/2imGFb9. Top 10 smartphones between INR 10000 and INR 20000 (2016): http://bit.ly/2hKq02C. · 12 December 2016 ·. Meizu Flyme OS 6 first look leak and changes in detail: http://bit.ly/2hkl8Sl. 
The Meizu m2 note (a mini-review). Chinese smartphone manufacturer Meizu announced m1 note towards the end of last year, and in a surprisingly quick evolution announced the m2 note in China just a couple months ago. There are few nifty additions and improvements, like the new home button, but otherwise the m2 note is a progressive upgrade of its predecessor.. Let's see how it fares over its predecessor, and where it stands against other budget smartphones in the market.. The m2 note is almost identical to its predecessor save for the new home button up front. It's also a tad bit thinner and a little longer, although that doesn't make any apparent difference. The back of the phone is a non-removable, glossy plastic shell.. Despite having a 5.5-inch display, the m2 note feels really good in the hands and is comfortable to grip thanks to its rounded corners and the smooth finish. The slim, 8.7mm profile and the curved edges make it very ergonomic and one of the best phablets for extended usage. Even with the glossy finish, it hardly slips out of the hand.. The power button and the volume rocker are on the left edge — an unusual location — but both the keys provide good feedback with just the right amount of resistance while pressing.. The m2 note features a 5.5-inch 1080p Full HD IGZO display. It's the same as the m1 note but that's not a bad thing since the display is sharp and the colors are very good. The display brightness and the viewing angles are quite good too. In bright sunlight though, the reflective screen struggles with legibility sometimes.. While the m2 note uses tempered glass, the absence of Corning Gorilla Glass or Asahi Dragontrail Glass screen protection is disappointing since you wouldn't want any scratches or knocks on an otherwise beautiful display.. Powered by a 1.3GHz octa-core Mediatek MT6753 processor with 2GB of RAM, the Meizu m2 note packs quite a punch for the price. The user experience is snappy and there isn't any significant lag while multi-tasking or day-to-day usage. The gaming performance impresses too, and graphic-intensive games like Asphalt 8 and Riptide GP2 run very smooth. The phone did get warm on extended gaming sessions, but not uncomfortable to hold.. The m2 note packs in 16GB of internal storage, and unlike the m1 note, it also includes a microSD card slot that supports up to 128GB. It's a hybrid SIM slot, so you'll need to choose between dual SIM functionality (The m2 note supports 4G connectivity on both the SIM slots) and additional storage. It does support USB OTG too.. The a 3,100mAh non-removable battery on the m2 note is more than adequate for an average user, and easily lasts over day. Even on heavy usage on 4G, you're likely to get it through a working day easily.. The m2 note runs Android 5.1 Lollipop with the company's proprietary customization, FlyMe OS 4.5, on top of it. You can switch between the stock Android and FlyMe OS icons. FlyMe is a nice UI and while it takes a little while to get used to, I liked it for most parts. It's smooth and fluid, and adds several useful gesture and navigation controls without overwhelming the user experience. The localization isn't the best, and you'd find some badly-translated text here and there. Of course, you can always download and install an alternate launcher.. FlyMe offers a bunch of gesture controls like Gesture Wakeup that lets you cold-access apps from the lockscreen by tracing specific gestures or letters or Smart Touch that displays a floating button that functions as an onscreen navigation control that can be programmed to perform various functions.. The m2 note comes with just a handful of Google services pre-installed – the Play Store, Maps, Google Now, and Google settings. Other apps, like the browser and AppCenter (Meizu's app store), are in Chinese. The theme store has a large selection of themes, wallpapers, ringtones, et al but since it's in Chinese, it isn't of much use. The m2 note comes pre-installed with the TouchPal keyboard, in addition to the default Google keyboard.. The m2 note introduces a different paradigm for navigation on Android. There's a unique home key without the usual capacitive buttons or the on-screen keys to go along with it. The home key can register both touch responses as well as presses. So if you are in the settings menu for example, touching the key would take you back one step backward and pressing it would take you back to the home screen.. The navigation isn't complex, although, you'll take a few iterations to get used to the idea. Of course, as you'd go along, you'll learn more shortcuts – and there's quite a bunch of them - that you can use.. The Meizu m2 note packs a 13-megapixel camera with dual-tone LED flash. For a budget smartphone, the m2 note captures pretty good quality photos with great detailing. In most photos in broad daylight, there's very low noise and the colors are accurately reproduced. Even the low-light photos are decent, without much graininess, although the LED flash sometimes completely washed out the subjects. The front-facing 5-megapixel camera is also pretty good in terms of details and is good enough for your selfies, but in low-light, the photos come out very grainy.. While the shutter speed is quite fast, it tends to go slow in HDR mode although the dynamic range gets better obviously. I prefer clicking photos with the HDR mode off since it tends to over-sharpen the photos.. The camera app on the m2 note is zippy, and offers seven modes to choose from – auto, manual, beauty, panorama, light field, scan, and slow-motion. Light Field mode allows you to refocus the image after capturing while the scan mode allows you to scan QR codes. In most cases, the auto mode does the job well. Of course, if you'd want that extra bit of control, the manual mode allows you to choose the shutter speed, ISO, exposure, and focus point.. The camera app also offers gridlines to assist your composition. While gridlines are a common feature, the m2 note also packs in a level gauge that shows you the angle of inclination of the phone making it easier to position and compose your photo.. While the camera impresses for still images, the quality of captured videos is just average and the details are low. Despite two microphones, the audio quality too is nothing to write home about.. The Meizu m2 note is one of the best budget phablets available today. There are some flaws, but overall the phone has a lot of positives to make it a great smartphone. There's a sharp display, good camera, and long battery life backed by very good internals that offer a zippy performance with a refreshing user experience.. Pixel 2 & Pixel 2 XL. Careers: Writer | Dev. 
Sourcing Solutions Services. Membership Help. One Request, Multiple Quotes Get the App. Related Searches for meizu m2 note: post-it notes post it notes sticky notes euro notes cute sticky notes custom sticky notes transparent sticky notes shaped sticky notes cheap custom sticky notes letter shaped sticky notes non-sticky notes decorative sticky notes animal shaped sticky notes fancy sticky notes delivery note More.... Home > note > meizu m2 note > 524 Results. Sort By : Relevancy Transaction Level Response Rate. Response Rate: 90.2%. Tags: Lcd Display Touch Screen Digitizer Assembly For Meizu M2 Note | For Meizu M2 Note Display | For Meizu M2 Note Lcd Touch Screen | View larger image. 6 Months Warranty Hot Selling LCD Display Touch Screen Digitizer Assembly for Meizu M2 Note. US $10.01-10.77 / Piece. Response Rate: 89.1%. Tags: For Meizu Note M2 Full Lcd | Mobile Phone Lcd For Meizu Note M2 | Mobile Phone Lcd For Meizu | View larger image. For Meizu Meilan Note M2 Full Lcd Screen + Touch Digitizer Assembly Repair Parts. Response Rate: 72.4%. Tags: Lcd For Meizu M2 Note 2 | For Meizu M2 Note 2 Lcd Touch Screen | Replacement Lcd For Meizu Note 2 | View larger image. Low Price LCD For Meizu M2 Note 2 LCD Touch Screen With Digitizer Display Assembly Replacement. US $13-16 / Piece. Response Rate: 51.9%. Tags: Meizu M2 Note | View larger image. U20 2gb ram cheaper price as meizu m2 note 3260mah battery. US $110-139 / Piece. Response Rate: 60.6%. Tags: For Meizu M2 Note Lcd Meilan Note 2 Lcd | Lcd Assembly For Meizu M2 Note Meilan Note 2 | View larger image. For Meizu M2 Note LCD Meilan Note 2 Display with Touch Screen panel Protectr Digitizer 100% Tested. US $7.5-17 / Piece. Response Rate: 47.6%. Tags: Lcd Digitizer Assembly For Meizu M2 Note | Lcd Digitizer For Meizu M2 Note | Lcd Touch Screen For Meizu M2 Note | View larger image. Hot Selling LCD Digitizer Assembly for Meizu M2 Note. Response Rate: 41.9%. Tags: Meizu M2 Note 5.5 Inch Gff Fhd Screen | Flyme 4.5 Based On Android Os 5.1 Smart Phone | Mt6753 Octa Core 1.3ghz Ram 2g | View larger image. MEIZU M2 Note 5.5 inch GFF FHD Screen Flyme 4.5 Based on Android OS 5.1 Smart Phone MT6753 Octa Core 1.3GHz RAM 2G. US $138-158 / Piece. Response Rate: 70.5%. Tags: Lcd Screen For Meizu M2 Note | Lcd For Meizu M2 Note Meilan | Lcd Screen With Digitizer Touch For Meizu M2 Note | View larger image. Original LCD Screen With Digitizer Touch For Meizu M2 Note (Meilan), 100% Tested Before Shipping. US $12.3-15 / Piece. Tags: M2 Mini Mobile Phone | 5.5 Inch Cell Phone | 1920x1080 Fhd Smart Phone | View larger image. Meizu M2 Note 16GB 4G LTE Phone 5.5" 1920X1080P MTK6753 Octa Core 2GB RAM optional. US $65-100 / Piece. Xingang Xuancheng Electronic Products Trade Co., Ltd.. Response Rate: 47.7%. Tags: For Meizu M2 Meilan Note 2 Screen | For Meizu M2 Meilan Note 2mobile Phone Display | Lcd For Meizu M2 Meilan Note 2 Original Unlocked | View larger image. Original For Meizu M2 Meilan note 2 lcd touch screen with digitizer assembly. US $35.5-50.5 / Piece. Response Rate: 87.8%. Tags: For Meizu M2 Note Lcd | For Meizu M2 Note Lcd Assembly Black | View larger image. Replacement Lcd assembly For MEIZU M2 Note. US $10.99-13.08 / Piece. Tags: For Meizu M2 Meilan Note2 Lcd And Digitizer Assembly | For Meizu M2 Meilan Note 2 Touch Sreen And Digitizer | Wholesale Lcd Screen Display For Meizu M2 Meilan Note 2 | View larger image. For Meizu M2 Meilan note2 lcd and digitizer assembly, for Meizu M2 meilan note 2 touch sreen and digitizer. US $10-15 / Piece. Response Rate: 90.6%. Tags: For Meizu M2 Note M571h Lcd Display | For Meizu M2 Note M571hlcd Assembly | Lcd Assembly For Meizu M2 Note M571h | View larger image. Replacement Lcd and DIGITIZER assembly For Meizu M2 Note M571H. US $1-14.99 / Piece. Shenzhen Mintech Weiye Tech Co., Ltd.. Response Rate: 58.8%. Tags: M2 Note | Meizu Note | View larger image. Original Meizu M2 Note 4G FDD LTE Dual SIM Mobile Phone 5.5" 1920X1080P MTK6753 Octa Core Android 5.0 Lollipop 2GB RAM 13MP GPS. US $1-149 / Piece. Response Rate: 0.0%. Tags: Russian | M2 Note International Version | View larger image. GSM CDMA 4G LTE Mobile Phone Wholesale Meizu M2 Note 16GB Gray International Firmware EU Stock duty free. US $145-149 / Piece. Response Rate: 17.8%. Tags: Meizu M2 | Meizu M2 Note 16gb | View larger image. Original meizu note m2 note Dual SIM 4G FDD Mobile Phone 5.5" 1920X1080P MT6753 Octa Core 13.0MP Battery 3100mAh Flyme4. US $125-140 / Piece. Tags: Replacement Lcd Assembly For Meizu M2 Note | For Meizu M2 Note / Meilan Note 2 Lcd Display With Touch Screen | View larger image. Wholesale Price New LCD Digitizer Assembly for Meizu M2 Note ,For Meizu M2 Note / Meilan Note 2 LCD Display with Touch Screen. Guangzhou SELF Electronic Technology Co., Ltd.. Response Rate: 62.0%. Tags: Original Meizu M2 Note | Meizu 32gb Mobile Phone | View larger image. 2016 original Mobile phone meizu m2 note 5.5 inch RAM 2GB 3GB ROM 16GB 32GB. US $132.98-161.98 / Piece. Shenzhen Ocar Lighting Technology Co., Ltd.. Response Rate: 51.1%. Tags: For Meizu M2 Note Lcd Screen | For Meizu M2 Note Lcd Display | View larger image. Original LCD Touch Screen For Meizu M2 note , LCD Display Screen For Meizu M2 note LCD with Digitizer. US $13.08-14 / Piece. Guangzhou Ming Mao Electronic Technology Co., Limited. Tags: Lcd Screen Display For Meizu M2 Note 2 | Meizu M2 Note 2 Lcd Display + Touch Screen | Touch Screen For Meizu M2 Note 2 | View larger image. DISPLAY LCD TOUCH SCREEN VETRO VETRINO MEIZU M2 NOTE 2. Response Rate: 64.5%. Tags: Screen Replacement For Meizu M2 Note | For Meizu M2 Note Screen | View larger image. Original Factory Price LCD Touch Screen Digitizer Frame Assembly Full Set Screen Replacement for Meizu M2 Note. US $1-49.99 / Piece. Response Rate: 38.4%. Tags: Meizu | Meizu Note 2 | View larger image. New Original MEIZU M2 NOTE 2 4G LTE Smartphone 5.5 Inch FHD 1920*1080 MTK6753 1.3GHz Octa Core 2GB+16GB 13MP 3100mAh. US $133.0-135.0 / Piece. Response Rate: 42.7%. Tags: For Meizu M2 Note | For Meizu M2 Note Phone Lcd | View larger image. Wholesale mobile phone display For meizu m2 note 4g lcd touch screen. US $15-30 / Piece. Response Rate: 57.3%. Tags: For Meizu M2 Note Back Cover | For Meizu M2 Note Housing Replacement Cover | For Meizu M2 Note Back Cover Battery Door | View larger image. Battery Door Housing Cover For Meizu m2 note 5.5inch Phone Back Cover Housing Case. US $4.68-7.85 / Piece. Response Rate: 0.0%. Tags: Meizu M2 Note | Meizu Smartphone | View larger image. Original MEIZU M2 NOTE 2 5.5 Inch FHD 1920*1080 MTK6753 1.3GHz Octa Core 2GB+16GB 13MP 3100mAh 4G LTE Smartphone. US $108-127 / Piece. Response Rate: 0.6%. Tags: For Meizu M2 Note Lcd Touch | For Meizu M2 Note Lcd Display | For Meizu M2 Note Lcd Digitizer | View larger image. SRJTEK For Meizu M2 Note Meilan Note 2 LCD Display Screen Touch Screen Panel Glass Replacements. US $8-14.99 / Piece. Response Rate: 69.4%. Tags: Touch Screen For Meizu Note 2 | Noblue Note 2 | View larger image. Mobile Touch Screen for Meizu M2 Note 2, Digitizer Assembly Front Glass Touch Screen For Meizu M2 Note2,Noblue Note 2. US $1-15 / Piece. Response Rate: 58.7%. Tags: Original Meizu M2 Note 4g Lte Mobile Phone | Meizu Agent In China | Original Meizu M2 Note Mtk6753 Octa Core 4g Lte Mobile Phone | View larger image. Original Meizu M2 Note 4G LTE Cell Phones Android 5.0 MTK6753 Octa Core 5.5" FHD 1920x1080 2GB RAM 16GB ROM 13.0MP Camera. Shenzhen Xinhuatai Electronic Technology Co., Ltd.. Response Rate: 58.6%. Tags: Lcd Assembly For Meizu M2 Note | Replacement For Meizu M2 Note | View larger image. Wholesale Mobile Phone Repaire Parts Replacement Display Digitizer Complete LCD Assembly For Meizu M2 Note. Response Rate: 30.0%. Tags: Touch Screen And Lcd Display For Meizu M2 Note | Digitizer Replacement | For Meizu M2 Note | View larger image. Cellphone Touch Screen and LCD display digitizer Replacement FOR Meizu M2 Note. Response Rate: 0.0%. Tags: Lcd Digitizer Assembly For Meizu M2 Note Meilan Note 2 Lcd Digitizer Assembly | View larger image. lcd digitizer assembly for Meizu M2 Note Meilan Note 2 lcd digitizer assembly. US $10-30 / Piece. Guangzhou Yotion Electronic Technology Co., Ltd.. Response Rate: 45.1%. Tags: For Meizu M2 Note Touch Screen | View larger image. Replacement Lcd Display For Meizu M2 Note Touch Screen For Meilan Note 2 LCD. US $2-8 / Piece. Guangzhou Youyue Electronic Technology Co., Ltd.. Response Rate: 46.6%. For Meizu M2 Meilan note2 lcd and digitizer assembly, for Meizu M2 meilan note 2 touch sreen and digitizer/.. US $12-20 / Piece. Guangzhou Oknuo Electronic Technology Co., Limited. Response Rate: 46.4%. Tags: For M1 Mini M1 Note | View larger image. LCD display and Touch panel for MEIZU M1 mini M1 note M3 MX4 M2 mini. US $2.1-5.9 / Piece. Guangzhou Suntel Global Electronics Co., Limited. Tags: M2 Note Lcd Screen | M2 Note Lcd Display | Mobile Lcd Screen | View larger image. Black Full LCD display touch screen for Meizu M2 Note M571H M571M M571C. US $10.0-10.0 / Pieces. Response Rate: 91.2%. Tags: Largest Mobile Phone Manufacturers | View larger image. Setro Madrid 3G MT6580A 5.5 inch 1280x720 Meizu M2 Note Android 7.0 2600mAh Largest Mobile Phone Manufacturers. US $55-64.9 / Piece. Response Rate: 23.5%. Tags: Glass Touch Screen | View larger image. Big Discount Good Quality LCD For Meizu M2 Note LCD Touch Screen. US $12.3-13.3 / Pieces. Response Rate: 43.2%. Tags: Lcd Display For Meizu M2 Note | Lcd Display Panel | Lcd Panel For Meizu M2 Note | View larger image. For Meizu Touch Screen Digitizer + LCD Display For Meizu M2 note Cell Phone Black Color. US $22-24 / Piece. Response Rate: 94.9%. Tags: For M2 Note Lcd | View larger image. New replacement for meizu m2 note lcd touch screen digitizer assembly. US $10-15 / Piece. Response Rate: 76.4%. Tags: Meilan M2 Note2 | Ml M2 Note2 | Meizu M2 Note2 | View larger image. Original 5.5 inch MEIZU MEILAN ML M2 Note2 with MTK6753 64Bit Octa Core RAM 2 GB+ROM 16GB. US $125-130 / Piece. Shenzhen Qi Wei Da Digital Co., Ltd.. Big Discount Good Quality LCD For Meizu M2 Note LCD Touch Screen. Guangzhou Ming Mao Electronic Technology Co., Limited. Response Rate: 90.9%. Tags: Display For Meizu M2 Lcd Touch Screen | View larger image. Original lcd display digitizer assembly for meizu m2 note lcd touch screen. US $11-15 / Piece. Guangzhou Taoyuan Electronic Technology Co., Ltd.. Prev 1 2 3 4 5 ... Alibaba.com offers 524 meizu m2 note products. such as free samples, paid samples. There are 530 meizu m2 note suppliers, mainly located in Asia. The top supplying countries are China (Mainland), Hong Kong, and Spain, which supply 98%, 1%, and 1% of meizu m2 note. products are most popular in Western Europe, North America, and Eastern Europe. You can ensure product safety by selecting from certified suppliers, including 48 with ISO9001, 32 with Other, and 11 with ISO14001 certification.. Haven't found the right supplier yet ? Let matching verified suppliers find you. Do you want to show meizu m2 note or other products of your own company? Display your Products FREE now!. Minimum Order: OK. Onsite Checked (Advanced) A&V Checked (Basic). US$50 Million - US$100 Million (118). US$1 Million - US$2.5 Million (115). US$5 Million - US$10 Million (90). US$10 Million - US$50 Million (70). US$2.5 Million - US$5 Million (43). note pad Suppliers slate note Suppliers eva note Suppliers. China sticky notes China post it notes China hot note. For Meizu M2 Note LCD Meilan Note 2 Display with Touch Screen panel Protectr Digitizer 100% Tested. Download: Available on the App Store Available on Android. Follow Us: Facebook Twitter Youtube In. Alibaba.com Site: International - Español - Português - Deutsch - Français - Italiano - हिंदी - Pусский - 한국어 - 日本語 - اللغة العربية - ภาษาไทย - Türk - Nederlands - tiếng Việt - Indonesian - עברית. Alibaba Group | Taobao Marketplace | Tmall.com | Juhuasuan | AliExpress | Alibaba.com | 1688.com | Alimama | Fliggy | Taobao Global Alibaba Cloud | AliOS | AliTelecom | Autonavi | UCWeb | Umeng | Xiami | DingTalk | Alipay | Lazada. Browse Alphabetically: Onetouch | Showroom | Country Search | Suppliers | Wholesaler | Affiliate. Product Listing Policy - Intellectual Property Protection - Privacy Policy - Terms of Use - Law Enforcement Compliance Guide. 
Nokia 1 Hands On and Photo Gallery. Nokia 7 Plus Hands On and Photo Gallery. Nokia 8110 Hands On and Photo Gallery. Samsung Dex Pad Galaxy S9 and Galaxy S9+ desktop dock announced. Sony Xperia Ear Duo wireless headphones with Google Assistant and Siri integration announced. Sony Xperia XZ2 Compact with 5-inch Full HD+ HDR display, Snapdragon 845, 4K HDR recording announced. Sony Xperia XZ2 with 5.7-inch Full HD+ HDR display, Snapdragon 845, 4K HDR video recording announced. Apple said to launch high-end over-ear headphones later this year: KGI. Canon EOS M50 4K mirrorless camera and EOS Rebel T7 DSLR announced. Vivo APEX FullView Concept Smartphone with in-display fingerprint scanner, 98% screen-to-body ratio announced. Author Sandeep Sarma Posted on June 28, 2015 August 13, 2015 Categories Android , Headlines , Meizu , Photo Gallery , Reviews. Good still image quality and dynamic range. Video Recording lacks in terms of details. "Meizu m2 note Review" , 5 out of 5 based on 19 ratings.. Meizu introduced the first model in the note series, the m1 note at the end of last year and released it into the markets by January this year. So it came as a surprise to most of us seeing that Meizu announced its successor earlier this month in China. That is because Meizu are trying to follow a really fast update schedule. Sony themselves had two flagship models a year until very recently but Meizu are trying to release a new update to a phone every quarter. While it is good news to some, it may anger many of the customers who quite recently purchased the m1 note. Especially in India where the m1 note was launched in the later half of May 2015 and just around 2 weeks later, Meizu announced the m2 note. The m2 note is definitely an improved version of the m1 note. There is a new home button, added features and some other improvements have been made as well. But let us just dive into the review to see how good of a phone the m2 note exactly is.. We have already done an unboxing of the Meizu m2 note. If you haven’t seen it already then do check out the video below.. The contents of the m2 note box are as follows:. For those of you who have used the m1 note, you would find the m2 note to be almost identical save for the new home button up front. The design is almost an exact same iteration of the original but just a tad bit thinner and a bit longer. But the difference in thickness and height are 0.2mm so it practically makes no difference at all to the handling of the device itself. Even the materials used are the same. Up front you have the 5.5″ display that is protected by Tempered Glass and at the back you have a plastic shell that comes in various different colors. The area below the display is where you would notice the change as the m2 note incorporates a new home button that is clickable. While the m1 note had a capacitive home button, the m2 note has a physical one that can be clicked and supports touch inputs as well. However it does lack a fingerprint sensor but we figure that the m3 note or whatever the successor will be called might have this feature. Especially since the upcoming MX5 is said to pack a fingerprint sensor in the home button.. Aside from this home button there are no other navigation keys on the device and there are no on-screen navigation keys either. That makes it very unique for an Android phone. If you are confused then don’t worry as we shall be explaining how exactly that works later on in the review. Above the display, you have the earpiece, front facing camera as well as the usual set of proximity and ambient light sensors.. Moving over to the left side of the device, you have the volume rocker button along with the power/lock key. Both the keys provide good feedback and they have just the right amount of resistance while pressing. While we would’ve preferred them to be on the right side, we still found that it was quite easy to get used to especially since both the set of controls are on the right. If you still have difficulties especially with the lock key, you’ll be delighted to know that Meizu have included ways for you to lock and unlock the device without having to use it.. On the right side of the device, you have the SIM card slot which has support for 2 SIMs. The device supports 2 nanoSIMs out of which one SIM slot can be used as a slot for storage expansion using microSD cards. The m1 note had support for 2 microSIMs instead of nanoSIMs so we are glad to see the company is keeping up with the times. At the top, you have the 3.5mm audio jack and the secondary microphone.. At the bottom, there is the primary microphone, microUSB port and the speaker grille. Moving over to the back, you have the 13 Megapixel camera along with the dual-tone LED flash at the top and the Meizu branding at the bottom.. The design of the phone feels like what you would get if the Samsung Galaxy Note II and the iPhone 5C had a baby. The overall size and shape of the device feels very similar to the Note II especially due to the rounded corners and the home key. Also given the fact that both the devices are 5.5″ phablets, they really do feel the same. The back of the phone is non-removable and comes in a glossy finish which is available in different colours just like the 5C. Despite being a 5.5″ device, the m2 note feels really good in the hands. It is probably my favourite phablet in terms of handling thanks to its rounded corners and the back. The overall dimensions of the device are really good too as the phone has a good screen to body ratio. In comparison, it is only a tad bit taller than the LG G4 but it is also narrower than the G4. But thanks to the rounded corners, back and smooth finish, the phone feels much easier to handle. Despite having a glossy finish, we never had any issues with the phone slipping out of our hands. The colour that we reviewed is the white one and we found that it is indeed a fingerprint magnet but because of the colour, it isn’t as visible as say probably a black or grey version.. The back cover isn’t removable and neither is the battery. While the colour of the front portion remains black in all variants, the m2 note is available in White, Blue, Pink and Grey. The m1 note had Yellow and Green versions but the Grey version is something that is debuting with the m2 note.. The m2 note uses the same 5.5″ 1080p IGZO panel that was used on the m1 note. That isn’t necessarily a bad thing since it is a really good display and for the price point that the device is aimed to sell at, you really can’t expect a 1440p panel. The IGZO panel is manufactured by Sharp and at 403ppi, we didn’t notice any issues with sharpness. Everything that we viewed on the screen seemed sharp and clear. The display brightness is quite good and the colours are nice too.. Users also have the option of tweaking the display towards warmer or colder colours but we found the default setting to be quite pleasing. We did notice that the contrast did come down a bit especially at full brightness but overall was quite good. The sunlight performance was good but could’ve been better if the glass used was slightly less reflective. The display is smooth and feels good to use but we noticed that it caught fingerprints and scratches quite easily. So if you do get one for yourself, we would advice you to apply a screen protector onto the phone to prevent it from scratching.. So now comes the most interesting and confusing part of the review. The home button and the way it works. I’m sure everyone is familiar with the current Android navigation keys. You have one for home in the centre and one key for multi-tasking/recent apps and another for return on either side of the home key. The position of the home key is always in the centre while the other two keys may change position depending on the manufacturer’s preference. The navigation keys can be either on-screen or physical capacitive keys as well although most manufacturers are slowly dropping physical keys in favour of on-screen ones in order to reduce bezel sizes. It also allows them to offer customizability to the user as they can rearrange the order of the keys or add ones of their own.. Now in the case of the m2 note, all you have is one single home key. There are no capacitive buttons nor on-screen keys to go along with it. How it works is basically the home key can register both touch responses as well as presses. So if you are in the settings menu for example, touching the key would take you back one step or one menu backward and pressing it would take you back to the home screen. That’s simple to understand I guess and it is something that most people would get a minute or so after toying with the device. But how do you see the list of recent apps or open the last app without having to search for it on the homescreen (since there is no app drawer)? To do that, all you have to do is swipe up from either side of the home key onto the screen. Once you get the list of apps, you can scroll between them by moving from left to right and vice-versa.. Swiping any of the applications up allows you to stop it and swiping any application down closes all the apps that are running.. So that covers the three basic keys and functions. However there are many more shortcuts that you can use. For example double tapping the home key will take you to the homescreen just as pressing the home key would’ve done. The m2 note does support double-tap to wake and long-pressing the home key locks the screen. That’s what I meant when I said you don’t even have to use the lock key if you don’t want to. You can even bypass the lockscreen entirely if you enable a swipe up from the home key gesture that unlocks the phone directly. There are similar gestures that can be enabled for you to switch between songs, bring down the notification panel etc all when the phone is sleeping. You can also choose from a list of custom letter gestures that allow you to open up a particular app directly from sleep.. The means of navigation on this phone aren’t too complex once you get the basic idea to it but it will take you some time to get used to especially if you’ve come from another Android phone that has the default key layout. For example I tend to rest my finger on the home key when reading something on the phone but in the case of the m2 note, that would actually take me back to the previous menu. So it took a couple of days to get used to but it all works out at the end.. The phone also comes with a SmartTouch feature that basically is a on-screen shortcut of sorts that allows you to mimic the navigational keys’ functions. You can choose to have the shortcut placed anywhere on the screen and even adjust its opacity.. The m2 note comes preloaded with Android Lollipop 5.1 with Meizu’s FlyMe OS 4.5 skin on top of it. Like other Chinese manufacturers, it too doesn’t have an app drawer. However we all know that is something a custom launcher can easily solve. The UI is quite different and does take some getting used to but as we’ve explained earlier, it is quite unique too. You will either love it or hate it. You can download and customize the phone with several themes (most of which are supported only in Chinese at the moment).. Meizu have included the ability to switch between stock Android and FlyMe OS icons. If you aren’t a fan of both, you can of course download different ones from the Play Store too.. The notification bar shows you the time, your battery and SIM status (network speeds too if you wish) and other notifications. Bringing down the notification bar shows you. the quick toggles and the list of notifications. The quick toggles can be rearranged as per your liking as well.. There is a built in function called Junk clean that helps you accelerate the memory and make the device faster. It frees up storage that is taken up unnecessarily as well.. Users can set a particular time for the phone to power off and power on so if you don’t really need your phone to be on for example during your sleep, you can set it up and save your phones power.. The m2 note is powered by an octa-core Mediatek MT6753 processor and has 2GB of RAM, During our time of use, the phone was very stable. Not once did it hang up on us or reboot without giving the command. The interface is snappy and there wasn’t any lag as such. Below are few of the performance benchmarks. If you wish to see the entire list of Benchmarks, do check out our post here .. The Meizu m2 note has good cell reception and call quality. We found that the earpiece was good in terms of clarity as well as loudness even in noisy environments. The loudspeaker is not that great in terms of quality. and we found that at times it did lack in terms of loudness. We tried connecting the phone to a Bluetooth handsfree as well and it performed well. The dialler is large and easy to use. The text is clear and the numbers are easy to press. You can use it to search for contacts or dial a new number. The contacts app allows for unlimited entries and you can choose whether to save onto your phone, SIM or account. You can save a variety of information about your contact including address, IM, website, social accounts etc.. The m2 note comes with a keyboard called TouchPal. The layout is quite good as it really makes use of the screen estate. The keys are well spaced out to make typing easy even for people with big fingers. There is 16GB of storage on-board which can be expanded using microSD cards in one of the SIM slots. You of course do lose one slot but at least you have the option to expand memory. If you still feel that you need more internal storage, you can also get a 32GB storage version of the m2 note.. The device has a microUSB port for charging and data transfers. It does support USB OTG and we successfully managed to connect a 256GB flash drive without any issues. Another good thing is that the device does support 4G connectivity on both the SIM slots so you don’t have to sacrifice in terms of data speeds even if you opt to use. The phone also supports Wi-Fi a/b/g/n but no support for ac standard.. The Meizu m2 note has a 13 Megapixel camera with dual-tone LED flash. We quite liked the quality of photos the phone is able to capture. It is quite good in terms of detailing and is low on noise as well. The white balancing is good and so is the dynamic range. The shutter speed is fast and focusing is fast too. HDR mode allows you to get a wider dynamic range however the shutter speed becomes quite slow when you do so. The resulting dynamic range is definitely better but comes at the cost of higher noise levels.. In the first two images, the one on the top. is the regular and the one on the bottom. You can click on any of the images below to view full resolution images.. The camera app is fast to launch and you can have shortcuts to launch the app directly from sleep as well. There are 7 modes that you can choose from – auto, manual, beauty, panorama, light field (allows you to refocus the image after capturing), scan and slow-motion. Scan is basically a built in QR code scanner and it is good to see as most companies don’t offer one pre-loaded on their phones let alone within the camera application. It is a small thing but does make some tasks easier.. In most cases, the auto mode does the job well but if you are looking for that extra bit of control, you need to switch to manual mode. It allows you to choose the shutter speed, ISO, exposure and focus point. There is the ability to see gridlines to assist your composition and also a level gauge that shows you the angle of inclination of the phone. It makes positioning and composing your photo much easier. While most manufacturers do provide gridlines, not many offer a level gauge.. There is a built in timer and the maximum video resolution is 1080p at 30 fps. The quality of videos is pretty decent for a phone at this price but it doesn’t have too much of detail and the bit rate is low. That is surprising since the detail on the images are quite good. The audio is also mono despite have two microphones. The slow motion video can be recorded at 720p 100fps which is nice in terms of look but again details are low.. The front facing 5 Megapixel camera is pretty good in terms of details and is good enough for most of your social networking causes.. The audio quality of the m2 note is pretty good when listening to music over headphones/earphones and the volume is more than sufficient as well. However the loudspeaker isn’t that good in terms of quality and loudness isn’t the best either.. The music player is quite simple. You can view the songs based on local content, recent songs and recently played. You can also create your own playlist. In the main screen there is a search option as well as the shortcut controls for the track that is currently playing. User can tweak the equaliser to their own liking or use one of the four presets. It also supports DiracHD sounds that can be enabled on supported earphones. Both the equaliser as well as DirachHD requires headphones/earphones to be connected to the phone.. There is a built in timer that programs the phone to stop playing after a certain amount of time. It will come in handy especially for users who like to listen to music prior to sleeping.. The battery life of the m2 note is pretty good and will last a heavy user almost an entire day. You will need to charge it only once per day. The phone achieved a One Charge rating of 13 hours and 40 minutes. It would’ve achieved a higher rating if not for the low battery life over 3G Browsing. Check out the compete set of m2 note’s battery life test results here .. Overall the Meizu m2 note is a really good smartphone. It has a lot of positives and very few negatives such as inferior audio quality and poor video recording. But whatever positive it has makes it a really good smartphone. Granted the single button and gesture based UI will take sometime to get used to but once you do, it is quite fast to use. If Meizu launch this device at the same price as the m1 note or even slightly costlier, then I will definitely recommend this phone to anyone who is looking for a budget phablet. The Meizu m1 note is available at a price of Rs 11,999 while the m2 note has launched in some markets at a price slightly below US$ 200. That translates to roughly the same price. So if Meizu does release it at the same point then it is definitely worth the buy.. Sandeep Sarma is a blogger and a freelance photographer. Apart from gadgets and phones, he also has a passion for movies and cars. He currently uses the S7 Edge as his main phone. Catch him on twitter at @sandeep9sarma. View all posts by Sandeep Sarma. Previous Previous post: Samsung’s new battery technology could double smartphone battery life. Next Next post: Facebook testing photo editor feature similar to Snapchat. Lenovo Phab 2 Plus Lenovo Phab 2 Pro. Motorola Moto Z Motorola Moto Z Force. 
Select the department you want to search in. Sign in Your Orders Try Prime Your Lists Cart. Your Amazon.in Today's Deals Amazon Pay Sell Customer Service. Electronics Best Sellers Amazon Exclusives Mobiles & Accessories Computers & Accessories Televisions & Home Entertainment Audio Cameras & Accessories Musical Instruments Office & Stationery Buying Guides. We don't know when or if this item will be back in stock.. Available in Bangalore, Mumbai, Chennai, Hyderabad. Meizu m2 Note (Grey, 16 GB). We don't know when or if this item will be back in stock.. 13MP primary camera with 4X digital zoom, 300 degree panoramic lens, Blue glass IR filter, 5-element lens ƒ/2.2, 30 photos per second and 5MP front facing camera with 4-element lens, ƒ/2.0, 69 degree wide angle, FotoNation smart selfie enhancement, Face AE face light boost. 5.5-inch (13.9 centimeters) IGZO capacitive touchscreen with 1920 x 1080 pixels resolution. Android Lollipop 5.0 (Flyme 4.5) operating system upgradable to Flyme 4.5.1I with 1.3GHz MT6753 octa core processor, 450MHz Mali T720 MP3 GPU, 2GB RAM, 16GB internal memory expandable up to 128GB and dual SIM (GSM+GSM). 3100mAH lithium-ion battery providing talk-time of 27 hours and standby time of 428 hours (on 3G network). 1 year manufacturer warranty for device and 6 months manufacturer warranty for in-box accessories including batteries from the date of purchase. The order quantity for this product is limited to 1 unit per customer. Please note that orders which exceed the quantity limit will be auto-canceled. Easily Accessible Service Centers across Major Cities in India. >Click here to see the list. This shopping feature will continue to load items. In order to navigate out of this carousel please use your heading shortcut key to navigate to the next or previous heading.. Customers who bought this item also bought. Page 1 of 1 Start over Page 1 of 1. PES Premium Tempered Glass,2.5D Hardness, Ultra Clear Shatter Proof, 9H Hard Screen Protector,Anti-Fingerprints & Oil Stains Coating For Meizu m2 note. CEDO® for Meizu M2 Note 5.5 inch - anti shatter Tempered Glass Screen Protector. Original iPaky Brand Luxury High Quality Ultra-Thin Dotted Silicon Black Back + PC Gold Frame Bumper Back Case Cover For Meizu M2 Note. ImagineDesign WOW Rubberised Matte Hard Case for Meizu M2 Note (Blue). MTT® Premium Tempered Glass Screen Protector Guard for Meizu M2 Note. WOW 3D Printed Designer Mobile Case Back Cover For Meizu M2 Note / M2 Note. Find answers in product info, Q&As, reviews. Please make sure that you've entered a valid question. You can edit your question or post anyway.. Don't see what you're looking for?. There was a problem completing your request. Please try your search again later.. What other items do customers buy after viewing this item?. Coolpad Note 5 Lite (Space Grey, 3GB RAM + 16 GB). PES Premium Tempered Glass,2.5D Hardness, Ultra Clear Shatter Proof, 9H Hard Screen Protector,Anti-Fingerprints & Oil. Capture Moments With Great Detailing Powerful Performance Other Features. Entertainment Comes Alive in Full HD Display. Experience brighter and colourful display with the 5.5-inch capacitive IGZO HD touchscreen of m2 Note by Meizu. The screen comes with a resolution of 1920 x 1080 pixels and 403 ppi (pixels per inch) density. Also, the capacitive screen works on the latest IGZO (Indium Gallium Zinc Oxide) technology to ensure low consumption of power. The GFF lamination feature minimizes reflection so that you can view enhanced display quality.. The Meizu m2 Note is equipped with high-quality cameras that offer a range of features to enhance the quality of shots clicked. There is the rear camera of 13 megapixels that captures great shots. The 5 megapixel front-camera comes with the latest Fotonation beautifying feature so that you do not have to wait while sharing your pictures. Along with power-packed cameras, there are other admirable features such as internal memory space of 16GB which is expandable to 128GB with the help of an external SD card and the dual SIM feature in this phone by Meizu.. The Android 5.0 Lollipop provides this Smartphone with a perfect platform to run all the applications seamlessly. The Meizu m2 Note comes with Flyme 4.5 feature of Android which provides you with remarkable battery management and memory. There is MT6752 octa core processor of 1.3 GHz along with 2GB RAM for faster as well as smoother processing of this phone. Also, the 64-bit Mali T720 GPU (triple core) GPU makes sure that you experience glitch-free videos.. The battery power provided by the Meizu m2 Note is 3100 mAh. This lithium ion battery is sturdy and long lasting, so you can now enjoy extended hours of movies, videos and gaming.. Meizu m2 Note Mobile Phone Description Meizu Comparison Table Model Name Meizu m2 note Xiaomi Mi4i ASUS ZenFone 2 Samsung Galaxy A7 HTC Desire 826 Operating System Android 5.1 Lollipop (Flyme OS 4.5) Android v5.0.2 (Lollipop) Android v5.0.1 (Lollipop) Android v4.4 (KitKat) Android v5.0.1 (Lollipop) Processor Mediatek MT6753 Octa core processor Qualcomm Snapdragon 615 Octa core processor Intel Atom Z3560 Quad Core Processor Qualcomm Snapdragon 615 Octa core processor Qualcomm Snapdragon 615 Octa core processor SIM Type 4G Dual SIM 4G Dual SIM LTE 4G Dual SIM LTE 4G Dual SIM 4G Dual SIM LTE Screen Size 5.5 Inches 5 Inches 5.5 Inches 5.5 Inches 5.5 Inches Primary Camera 13 Megapixel 13 Megapixel 13 Megapixel 13 Megapixel 13 Megapixel Front Camera 5 Megapixel 5 Megapixel 5 Megapixel 5 Megapixel 13 Megapixel Screen Resolution Full HD, 1920 x 1080 Pixels Full HD, 1920 x 1080 Pixels Full HD, 1920 x 1080 Pixels Full HD, 1920 x 1080 Pixels Full HD, 1920 x 1080 Pixels RAM 2 GB 2 GB 2 GB 2 GB 2 GB Internal Memory 16 GB 16 GB 16 GB 16 GB 16 GB Expandable Memory miscroSD, upto 128 GB - miscroSD, upto 64 GB miscroSD, upto 64 GB miscroSD, upto 128 GB Battery 3100 mAh 3120 mAh 3000 mAh 2600 mAh 2600 mAh Weight 150 g 130 g 170 g 141 g 183 g Price (INR) 9999 12999 14999 25499 22999. The MEIZU m2 note follows the colorful style with metallic grey of the MX-series added. It was designed for individuality with elegance in mind. Weighing only 149g, being 8.7mm slim and with its R-angle curved design, it is the perfect companion.. Unibody molding and CNC fine processing. An improved unibody molding technique is used in the manufacturing process of the MEIZU m2 note, together with a polycarbonate body covering the magnesium-alloy frame.This creates a texture which is both soft and durable.It's the first time we use mBack on an m-series phone. The CNC processed aluminum alloy ring enriches your visual experience by offering 360-degree reliability.. The 5.5-inch 1080P full HD screen uses IGZO display technology to ensure consistent performance and low power consumption at every given moment. A pixel density of 403 PPI, 1,000:1 high contrast, and a brightness of 450cd/m2. All this delivers a superior viewing experience, even under strong outdoor lighting conditions. GFF full lamination technology minimizes reflection and improves display quality.. 64-bit octa-core CPU and triple-core GPU. The latest generation 64-bit MT6753 CPU features eight Cortex A53 cores which intelligently allocates resources according to demand. This makes it perfect for every situation, whether it's a heavy 3D game or a simple task. The 64-bit Mali T720 triple-core GPU ensures smooth video playback.. 5 network types across 13 frequencies, dual-SIM with dual standby and dual 4G. The MEIZU m2 note supports both TD-LTE and FDD-LTE 4G, meaning that you can switch between them without any limitation. Two Nano-SIM cards can be inserted into the m2 note's single tray. The card tray supports TF cards with a storage capacity up to 128GB.. 13 megapixels main camera, dual-tone flash. The MEIZU m2 note is equipped with a Samsung 13 megapixels CMOS camera, which produces rich, sharp and extremely detailed pictures. The premium dual-tone flash delivers an accurate white balance, even in low-light environments. The zero-delay shooting technology captures every beautiful moment for you. The upgraded FotoNation beatifying system in the 5 megapixels front camera was upgraded to accelerate the process, meaning that your pictures can be shared without waiting!. The 3100mAh high-tech battery is supplied by SONY/ATL. It is rarely seen in phones in this price range, but we utilize it in the MEIZU m2 note so you are assured of a long-lasting battery.. New Flyme 4.5 based on Android 5.0. Only 64-bit CPU gives the best experience on Android 5.0 Lollipop. With Flyme 4.5, you can experience the outstanding memory and battery management features of the latest Android version.. Meizu m2 Note Mobile Phone Information. OS Android OS, v5.0 (Lollipop). Product Dimensions 15.1 x 7.5 x 0.9 cm. Batteries: 1 Lithium ion batteries required. Wireless communication technologies Bluetooth 4.0, 802.11 n/g/b/a, WiFi Hotspot. Special features Accelerometer; Photo/video editor; proximity; compass. Other camera features 5 MP. Whats in the box M2 Note Phone, Power Adapter, USB Cable, SIM Eject Tool, Warranty Certificate, Quick Start Guide. #25,438 in Electronics ( See top 100 ). Electronics > Mobiles & Tablets > Smartphones & Basic Mobiles > Smartphones. Date First Available 23 June 2015. Warranty Details: 1 year manufacturer warranty for device and 6 months manufacturer warranty for in-box accessories including batteries from the date of purchase. Would you like to tell us about a lower price ? If you are a seller for this product, would you like to suggest updates through seller support ?. 5 star 44% 4 star 24% 3 star 10% 2 star 6% 1 star 16%. Share your thoughts with other customers. There was a problem filtering reviews right now. 1.0 out of 5 stars WASTE OF YOUR TIME.. Colour: Grey | Style: New | Verified Purchase. I has a software problem and the phone is damaged I went to customer service in Bangalore if the phone is damaged warranty doesn't apply I called neizu customer support and told the problem am facing now is software not related to hardware and they say warranty doesn't apply we cant help you can send the phone to cheenai for repair you have bear the charges. Another interesting thing this phone manufacturing want to spread their language through updates how I upgraded to the latest stable version and when I play English songs I see Chinese language which I don't even understand. My opinion the phone is not even charging 10% now software still continuing if the phone is damaged only the hardware gets damaged not the software they wont provide service free of cost. DONT BUY CHINA MANUFACTURING ESPECIALLY MEIZU.. Was this review helpful to you?. 1.0 out of 5 stars Bad Bad bad bad bad very very very bad. Colour: Grey | Style: New | Verified Purchase. Very bad and after 4 months this automatically swich off and not switch on very very rough care system my mobile come after repair in 2 months and after come in down screw not placed i hate meizu. Was this review helpful to you?. 5.0 out of 5 stars grate smartphone. Colour: White | Style: New | Verified Purchase. Touch is so so good as it has dragentail glass and very grate brightness and even in sunny day you see clearly on screen. And IGZO is screen technology which provide grate brightness more colour and natural colour. Gorilla glass protection is at the back camera and front camera above the screen. Only the problem that is neglagible about its speaker, at full loud volume sound disturbance create. But not problem you can make one point down the volume.. Was this review helpful to you?. 5.0 out of 5 stars Awesome One. Colour: White | Style: New | Verified Purchase. A very good model it is of Meizu M2 note, In fact all the features are good and superb No camera issue all the things are worked properly and if the one of the most thing I like in it the Charger really an awesome quality of quick charger man I never ever see that the charger can charge your mobile so fast and you do not need to run anywhere again to charge your mobile literally if you are using normally to your phone like just listening music and for calling purpose only and just normal surfing definitely your battery will support whole day in fact till you are going to sleep......I love the piece......................However the only thing I would request you to the team that to fix the heating issue which comes while playing games and again while using any apps when put on charging ...A Team when this issue wil be going to resolve or is there any other option we have to fix this issue. Was this review helpful to you?. 4.0 out of 5 stars Worth buying as a secondary phone. Colour: White | Style: New | Verified Purchase. The phone was delivered on time with proper packaging. All the accessories were included in the box with the handset. The only reason I gave it a 4☆ is because the language is Chinese so I had to download a launcher in English which is a tad bit difficult given that I don't know the language.. Was this review helpful to you?. 5.0 out of 5 stars this product is best suited and worthy to spend your hard earned money. Colour: Grey | Style: New | Verified Purchase. As far as affordability and value for money buyers, this product is best suited and worthy to spend your hard earned money. The phone's display, usability mainly due to 'M' button is excellent. Apart from this since am a great fan of Xiaomi's product and OS Skinned MIUI, this phone lacks when compared and actually preferred as a nice substitute to Redmi Note 2, but overall a good product and worth considering. Camera is not that good when compared with Redmi 1S. Still good substitute for many advanced features and build quality.. Was this review helpful to you?. 5.0 out of 5 stars Good job Meizu. Colour: Grey | Style: New | Verified Purchase. It's been more than 2 years , it was a bit inconvenient to search for Meizu s back cover in the market in the starting since they did not market the product well BUT other than that you could always get it in the internet. I will be frank that this product did meet my expectations in the starting , I thought of changing it twice after a year due to lags but MEIZU took me by surprise when last week I upgraded my Flyme OS to latest version. Trust me , Right now it can beat any phone under 15k budget with this update in terms of interface, processing and running apps, functionality,screen. 0 Comment | Was this review helpful to you?. 5.0 out of 5 stars one of the best phones in 10k i have been receiving a lot .... Colour: White | Style: New | Verified Purchase. one of the best phones in 10k i have been receiving a lot of compliments just for looks by the time i reach hardware specifications people ask where can they buy one :D Screen is amazing, light sensor sometimes dosnt work as expected but i dont care as that is not a feature which drives the whole experience, gestures work perfectly well, battery pulls through a day'n'half, Flyme is a delight compared to stock UI. Was this review helpful to you?. Good but very good but very good. 5.0 out of 5 stars Five Stars. Using this device almost 2 years.. Rear n front camera is excellent. At the price of 9999/- this Device is value for money.. 5.0 out of 5 stars Great device. 5.0 out of 5 stars Five Stars. 5.0 out of 5 stars Five Stars. Basically a gud phone I'm reviewing if after using it for 2 years. 3.0 out of 5 stars Basically a gud phone I'm reviewing if after using it .... 5.0 out of 5 stars Flyme O. 4.0 out of 5 stars Four Stars. Super phone in that much amount. 5.0 out of 5 stars Five Stars. After using this phone for more than 2 years I would say that Meizu brand is trustworthy. As a budget phone m2 note was a fabulous pick. 5.0 out of 5 stars After using this phone for more than 2 years I .... 5.0 out of 5 stars Five Stars. Unlimited FREE fast delivery, video streaming & more. Prime members enjoy FREE One-Day and Two-Day delivery on eligible items, unlimited video streaming, exclusive access to top deals & more.. About Us Careers Press Releases Amazon Cares Gift a Smile Facebook Twitter Instagram Sell on Amazon Become an Affiliate Fulfilment by Amazon Advertise Your Products Amazon Pay on Merchants Your Account Returns Centre 100% Purchase Protection Amazon Assistant Help. Australia Brazil Canada China France Germany Italy Japan Mexico Netherlands Spain United Kingdom United States. AbeBooks Books, art & collectibles. Amazon Web Services Scalable Cloud Computing Services. Audible Download Audio Books. DPReview Digital Photography. IMDb Movies, TV & Celebrities. Junglee.com Shop Online in India. Look.com Kids' Clothing & Shoes. Shopbop Designer Fashion Brands. Amazon Business Everything For Your Business. Souq.com Shop Online in the Middle East. Amazon Now 2-Hour Delivery on Everyday Items. Conditions of Use & Sale Privacy Notice Interest-Based Ads © 1996-2018, Amazon.com, Inc. 
Our new search experience requires JavaScript to be enabled. Please enable JavaScript on your browser , then try again .. All Categories Antiques Art Baby Books Business & Industrial Cameras & Photo Cell Phones & Accessories Clothing, Shoes & Accessories Coins & Paper Money Collectibles Computers/Tablets & Networking Consumer Electronics Crafts Dolls & Bears DVDs & Movies eBay Motors Entertainment Memorabilia Gift Cards & Coupons Health & Beauty Home & Garden Jewelry & Watches Music Musical Instruments & Gear Pet Supplies Pottery & Glass Real Estate Specialty Services Sporting Goods Sports Mem, Cards & Fan Shop Stamps Tickets & Experiences Toys & Hobbies Travel Video Games & Consoles Everything Else. Hi ( Sign in to bid or buy) Daily Deals Gift Cards Help & Contact Sell. Summary Recently Viewed Bids/Offers Watch List Purchase History Selling Saved Searches Saved Sellers Messages. Refine your search for meizu m2 note screen. All Listings - Current page. results for meizu m2 note screen. Save meizu m2 note screen to get e-mail alerts and updates on your eBay Feed.. Unfollow meizu m2 note screen to stop getting updates on your eBay Feed.. You'll receive email and Feed alerts when new items arrive. Afghanistan - AFG Albania - ALB Algeria - DZA American Samoa - ASM Andorra - AND Angola - AGO Anguilla - AIA Antigua and Barbuda - ATG Argentina - ARG Armenia - ARM Aruba - ABW Australia - AUS Austria - AUT Azerbaijan Republic - AZE Bahamas - BHS Bahrain - BHR Bangladesh - BGD Barbados - BRB Belarus - BLR Belgium - BEL Belize - BLZ Benin - BEN Bermuda - BMU Bhutan - BTN Bolivia - BOL Bosnia and Herzegovina - BIH Botswana - BWA Brazil - BRA British Virgin Islands - VGB Brunei Darussalam - BRN Bulgaria - BGR Burkina Faso - BFA Burma - MMR Burundi - BDI Cambodia - KHM Cameroon - CMR Canada - CAN Cape Verde Islands - CPV Cayman Islands - CYM Central African Republic - CAF Chad - TCD Chile - CHL China - CHN Colombia - COL Comoros - COM Congo, Democratic Republic of the - COD Congo, Republic of the - COG Cook Islands - COK Costa Rica - CRI Cote d Ivoire (Ivory Coast) - CIV Croatia, Republic of - HRV Cyprus - CYP Czech Republic - CZE Denmark - DNK Djibouti - DJI Dominica - DMA Dominican Republic - DOM Ecuador - ECU Egypt - EGY El Salvador - SLV Equatorial Guinea - GNQ Eritrea - ERI Estonia - EST Ethiopia - ETH Falkland Islands (Islas Malvinas) - FLK Fiji - FJI Finland - FIN France - FRA French Guiana - GUF French Polynesia - PYF Gabon Republic - GAB Gambia - GMB Georgia - GEO Germany - DEU Ghana - GHA Gibraltar - GIB Greece - GRC Greenland - GRL Grenada - GRD Guadeloupe - GLP Guam - GUM Guatemala - GTM Guernsey - GGY Guinea - GIN Guinea-Bissau - GNB Guyana - GUY Haiti - HTI Honduras - HND Hong Kong - HKG Hungary - HUN Iceland - ISL India - IND Indonesia - IDN Ireland - IRL Israel - ISR Italy - ITA Jamaica - JAM Japan - JPN Jersey - JEY Jordan - JOR Kazakhstan - KAZ Kenya - KEN Kiribati - KIR Korea, South - KOR Kuwait - KWT Kyrgyzstan - KGZ Laos - LAO Latvia - LVA Lebanon - LBN Liechtenstein - LIE Lithuania - LTU Luxembourg - LUX Macau - MAC Macedonia - MKD Madagascar - MDG Malawi - MWI Malaysia - MYS Maldives - MDV Mali - MLI Malta - MLT Marshall Islands - MHL Martinique - MTQ Mauritania - MRT Mauritius - MUS Mayotte - MYT Mexico - MEX Micronesia - FSM Moldova - MDA Monaco - MCO Mongolia - MNG Montenegro - MNE Montserrat - MSR Morocco - MAR Mozambique - MOZ Namibia - NAM Nauru - NRU Nepal - NPL Netherlands - NLD Netherlands Antilles - ANT New Caledonia - NCL New Zealand - NZL Nicaragua - NIC Niger - NER Nigeria - NGA Niue - NIU Norway - NOR Oman - OMN Pakistan - PAK Palau - PLW Panama - PAN Papua New Guinea - PNG Paraguay - PRY Peru - PER Philippines - PHL Poland - POL Portugal - PRT Puerto Rico - PRI Qatar - QAT Reunion - REU Romania - ROU Russian Federation - RUS Rwanda - RWA Saint Helena - SHN Saint Kitts-Nevis - KNA Saint Lucia - LCA Saint Pierre and Miquelon - SPM Saint Vincent and the Grenadines - VCT San Marino - SMR Saudi Arabia - SAU Senegal - SEN Serbia - SRB Seychelles - SYC Sierra Leone - SLE Singapore - SGP Slovakia - SVK Slovenia - SVN Solomon Islands - SLB Somalia - SOM South Africa - ZAF Spain - ESP Sri Lanka - LKA Suriname - SUR Swaziland - SWZ Sweden - SWE Switzerland - CHE Taiwan - TWN Tajikistan - TJK Tanzania - TZA Thailand - THA Togo - TGO Tonga - TON Trinidad and Tobago - TTO Tunisia - TUN Turkey - TUR Turkmenistan - TKM Turks and Caicos Islands - TCA Tuvalu - TUV Uganda - UGA Ukraine - UKR United Arab Emirates - ARE United Kingdom - UK United States - USA Uruguay - URU Uzbekistan - UZB Vanuatu - VUT Vatican City State - VAT Venezuela - VEN Vietnam - VNM Virgin Islands (U.S) - VIR Wallis and Futuna - WLF Western Sahara - ESH Western Samoa - WSM Yemen - YEM Zambia - ZMB Zimbabwe - ZWE. For Meizu Meilan Note 2 Note M2 M571 LCD Display Touch Screen Digitizer Assembly. Lcd Screen Display Touch Digitizer Assembly For Meizu Meilan Note 2 M2 Black. 6 new & refurbished from $15.84. For Meizu Meilan Note 2 Note M2 M571 LCD Display Touch Screen Digitizer Assembly. Tools+ Meizu M2 Note Mini Touch Screen Panel Outer Glass Digitizer Replacement. 2X Screen Protector REAL Tempered Glass Film For Meizu Pro6/MX6/M2 Note/M3 Max. For Meizu M2 Meilan Note 2 M571 5.5" LCD Display Touch Screen Digitizer Assembly. For Meizu Meilan Note M2 LCD Display Screen Touch Digitizer Assembly Replacement. Genuine Tempered Glass Screen Protector For Meizu M2 Mini M3 Note Pro 6 MX5 U20. For Meizu M2 Note Meilan Note 2 LCD Display + Touch Screen Digitizer Assembly #2. For Meizu M2 Note LCD Display Digitizer Touch Screen Sensor Assembly with Frame. Touch Screen Digitizer Glass+Lcd Display Assembly Fr Meizu M2 Note Meilan 2 Note. For Meizu M1 / M2 / M3 Note/ M3s Premium Screen Protector Tempered Glass Film AR. LCD Display Touch Screen Digitizer For Meizu M2 Note Meilan Note 2 M571 5.5" #3c. 2x Premium Tempered Glass Film Screen Protector Cover For MeiZu MX6 M5 M3 Note. LCD Display Touch Screen Digitizer Replacement +Tolls For Meizu M2 Note. New Screen Protector Tempered Glass Film Protection Cover For Meizu M3S/M5C/M5S. Black Lcd Display Screen Touch Digitizer Assembly Repair Fr Meizu Meilan Note M2. Ultra Thin Screen Protector Scratch-resist ant Tempered Glass For Meizu Series. For 5.5" Meizu M2 Note Complete LCD Display Touch Screen Digitizer Panel+tools. LCD Display Screen Touch Digitizer Glass Assembly For Meizu Meilan Note M2 M571H. For Meizu m2 note LCD Screen and Digitizer Assembly (OEM) - Black. 4 new & refurbished from $20.89. 2Pcs 9H+ Premium Tempered Glass Film Screen Protector Cover for MeiZu Cell Phone. Meizu m2 note M571 (Meilan Note 2) 5.5" Black LCD Touch Display Screen Assembly. For Meizu Meilan Note M2 M571 5.5''Touch Screen Digitizer Glass LCD Display+Tool. Black/White LCD Display Digitizer + Touch Screen for Meizu Series Phone+tools. Transparent 9H Temper Glass Screen Protector Film For Meizu M1/M2/M3 Note/M3s TW. LCD Touch Screen Digitizer Front Glass Assembly Replacement for Meizu M2 Note. Black LCD Display Touch Screen Digitizer Assembly For Meizu Meilan M2 Note. 0.3mm Tempered Glass Screen Protector Film For MEIZU M2 Note/MEILAN MX5 MX4 pro. Replaced 5.5 inch Phone LCD Touch Screen Digitizer Assembly For Meizu M2 Note. Black LCD Display Screen Touch Digitizer Assembly Fr Meizu Meilan Note 2 M2 Note. Original Touch Screen for Meizu Meilan M2 Note Pantalla Tactil Replacement. MEIZU M2 NOTE LCD+SCREEN TOUCH DISPLAY LCD+TOUCH SCREEN SCHERMO ECRAN BLACK. 5 x Meizu M2 Note Screen Protector 9H LAMINATED GLASS BULLETPROOF TEMPERED. 2Pcs 9H Real Premium Tempered Glass Screen Protector Film For Meizu MeiLan Phone. LCD Display Touch Screen Digitizer Replacement For Meizu M2 Note+Free Tool. Full Touch Screen Digitizer + LCD Display Assembly For Meizu Note M2 Note 2 M571. 2pcs For Meizu M3 M3S M5 M6 Note M5S M3X M3E 9H Tempered Glass Screen Protector. For Meizu M2 Note 2 LCD Display Screen Touch Digitizer Assembly Unit Black US#C. NEW LCD Display Touch Screen Digitizer For Meizu M2 Note 2 X5RG Top. For Meizu Meilan M2 Note Replacement Black Front Glass Touch Screen Digitizer. Black Full LCD display touch screen with frame for Meizu M2 NOTE. 9H 0.26mm Tempered Glass Film Screen Protector For Meizu M3 Note Meilan Note 3. Original LCD and Touch Screen Assembly for Meizu 1 Note/2 Note LCD Display. Black Full LCD display touch screen digitizer for Meizu M2 NOTE. Genuine Pantalla Digiziter Replacement for Meizu Meilan M2 Note Touch Screen. Genuine LCD and Touch Screen for Meizu 1 Note/2 Note Pantalla Tactil LCD. Replace LCD Touch Screen digitizer Glass Assembly for Meizu M2 Note 2 Black US#A. For Meizu M2 Note Front Touch Screen Digitizer Sensor Glass Panel + Adhesive. Touch Screen Digitizer Glass Panel Replacement For Meizu M2 note Meilan note 2. eBay determines this price through a machine learned model of the product's sale prices within the last 90 days.. eBay determines trending price through a machine learned model of the product’s sale prices within the last 90 days. "New" refers to a brand-new, unused, unopened, undamaged item, and "Used" refers to an item that has been used previously.. Top Rated Plus Sellers with highest buyer ratings Returns, money back Ships in a business day with tracking Learn More. Top Rated Plus Sellers with highest buyer ratings Returns, money back Ships in a business day with tracking Learn More. Cell Phones, Smart Watches & Accessories. Cell Phone Cases, Covers & Skins. $ Enter minimum price to $ Enter maximum price. Please enter a minimum and/or maximum price before continuing.. Site Map Copyright © 1995-2018 eBay Inc. Accessibility , User Agreement , Privacy , Cookies and AdChoice Norton Secured - powered by Verisign. Amounts shown in italicized text are for items listed in currency other than U.S. dollars and are approximate conversions to U.S. dollars based upon Bloomberg's conversion rates. For more recent exchange rates, please use the Universal Currency Converter. Number of bids and bid amounts may be slightly out of date. See each listing for international shipping options and costs.. 
• One stop service: solve all your problems. • Orders Tracking and shipped out notification. • Need help before making an order?. • Chat with us in real-time. • For Aftersale issues, just submit a ticket. We will reply within 24 hours. Meizu M2 Note 16gb Meizu International Edition International Edition Xiaomi Redmi International Edition. Register on GearBest: Earn 50 points. Related Recommendations Recommended Products for You. Customers Who Bought This Item Also Bought. 4G Phablet Android 5.0 Lollipop 5.5 inch MTK6753 64bit Octa Core 2GB RAM 16GB ROM 5.0MP +13.0MP Camera. Shipping fee will not be included in the instalment amount. Orders contain interest-free products and other Non-interest-free products will not enjoy insterest-free privilege. Receipient’s address must be Brazil to use instalment. Xiaomi Redmi Note 4X 4G Phablet. OnePlus 5T 4G Phablet International Version. Xiaomi Mi 6 4G Smartphone International Version. LeEco Le S3 X626 4G Phablet International Version. Xiaomi Mi Max 2 4G Phablet. Get these Essentials for Your Product. Tips: We suggest that customers not update the system in case of losing the languages. Main Features: MEIZU M2 Note International Edition Android 5.0 Lollipop 4G Phablet 5.5 inch FHD Screen MTK6753 64bit Octa Core 2GB RAM 16GB ROM 5MP + 13MP Cameras Display: 5.5 inch FHD Screen CPU: MTK6753 64bit Octa Core 1.3GHz System: Android 5.0 RAM + ROM: 2GB RAM + 16GB ROM Camera: 5.0MP front camera + 13.0MP back camera Bluetooth: 4.0 GPS: GPS, A-GPS, GLONASS Sensors: Hall Effect sensor, Gravity sensor, IR proximity sensor, Gyroscope, Ambient light sensor, Touch sensor, Digital compass SIM Card: Dual SIM dual standby, dual Nano SIM Network: 2G: GSM 850/900/1800/1900MHz 3G: WCDMA 850/900/1900/2100MHz 4G: FDD-LTE 1800/2100/2600MHz Note: 1. Both SIM1 and SIM2 support 4G networks. You can choose the data service mode in the settings, one SIM will be 4G while the other SIM can only use GSM networks. SIM1 can be used in combination with a Nano-SIM card or a TF card of up to 128GB. Please ensure local area network is compatible. click here for Network Frequency of your country. Please check with your carrier/provider before purchasing this item.. Language: Bahasa Indonesia, Bahasa Melayu, Cestina, Deutsch, English, Estonian, Spanish, French, Harvatski, Italian, Latviesu, Lietuviu, Magyar, Nederlands, Slovenian, Slovak, Polski, Portuguese, Romana, Russian, Vietnamese, Turkish, Greek, Arabic, Hebrew, Thai,Traditional/Simplified Chinese. SIM Card Slot: Dual SIM,Dual Standby. SIM Card Type: Dual Nano SIM. External Memory: TF card up to 128GB (not included). Screen resolution: 1920 x 1080 (FHD). Camera type: Dual cameras (one front one back). Back camera: 13.0MP,with flash light and AF. I/O Interface: 3.5mm Audio Out Port,Micro USB Slot. Sensor: Ambient Light Sensor,Gravity Sensor,Proximity Sensor. Battery Capacity (mAh): 3100mAh Built-in Battery. Product size: 15.09 x 7.52 x 0.87 cm / 5.94 x 2.96 x 0.34 inches. Package size: 18.00 x 12.00 x 7.00 cm / 7.09 x 4.72 x 2.76 inches. FAQ for MEIZU M2 Note International Edition. Sponsored Products Related to This Item. Will this phone work in my country?. What is the IMEI number of this device?. How to revive any dead phone battery?. Why do 16GB phones only have 12GB storage available?. Why can't I hear any sound when making or receiving a call?. Can this item be shipped to my country?. What is the SAR value of the phone?. This is based on the phone network frequency bands, for more details:. 4 steps to know whether a phone will work in your country. We cannot provide IMEI (international mobile equipment identity) numbers because each cell phone will be given a unique set of numbers after its assembly, We can't open the packaging.. Related post about finding Xiaomi smartphone IMEI:. There are four ways to revive dead phone battery, refer to post:. 4 secret ways to revive any dead phone battery. Related post: Why do 16GB phones only have 12GB storage available. Make sure the protective film has been removed completely;. Try to turn up the volume of the handset;. Try to change mobile signal in your area might be poor;. If you cannot hear the voice of the receiver, it might be the problem of the receiver's phone or signal.. We can deliver orders to most countries. For a detailed explanation of each shipping method, destination and approximate delivery time, please check our website:. GearBest shipping memo: save money on delivery by choosing the best option. We have listed the SAR value of some cell phones, you can refer to it:. Does this product uses Google Play Market applications?. By Raul Feb-15/2017 02:02:12. Yes it uses Google Play Market applications.. Thank you, Let me know if you need any help.. The item does not have any deviations on performance?. By Vladimir Feb-11/2017 06:02:39. Hello Vladimir, No it does has 5.5 inch MTK6753 64bit Octa Core 2GB RAM 16GB ROM 5.0MP +13.0MP Camera data and it is real. By Dodik Jan-22/2017 10:01:20. By Andrey Jan-11/2017 09:01:49. what version is installed (m571,571U, m571Q, m571H)?. By Andrey Jan-11/2017 12:01:03. Does this model support greek language?. By Orestis Dec-30/2016 07:12:32. Yes, it can support Greek language.. Please feel free to contact us if further questions.. What's the difference between this edition from the regular M2 Note?. By Orestis Dec-30/2016 03:12:38. One it international version, One is Chinese version.. Thank you, Let me know if you need any help.. 1) This phone International version and have official OTA from manufacturer?. 2) This phone have official EU charger?. 3) Have officially installed in factory PLAY MARKET?. 4) And this phone was not repair ( refurbished)?. By Georgijus Oct-09/2016 04:10:29. 1) Yes, it is the international version and has official OTA from manufacturer. 2) Yes, it has official EU charger.. 3) Yes, there is a PLAY MARKET installed.. 4) Please rest assured that it is the original one, it is not refurbished.. By Egor Aug-23/2016 12:08:07. By Felix Aug-14/2016 07:08:42. Hello Felix, This item is not waterproof.. Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 Next Go To : GO. Be the FIRST to Ask a Question. Want GB Points? Just Write a Review!. Be the FIRST to Ask a Question. Want GB Points? Just Write a Review!. Be the FIRST to Ask a Question. Want GB Points? Just Write a Review!. Be the FIRST to Ask a Question. Want GB Points? Just Write a Review!. Be the FIRST to Ask a Question. Want GB Points? Just Write a Review!. 52 Questions & Answers View All. Elephone P8 3D 4G Phablet 4GB RAM. Elephone P4000 MTK6735 64bit Android 5.1 4G LTE Sm.... Elephone Blitz Qualcomm Certification 3.0 Power Ad.... Original Elephone U Pro Fast Charger Adapter. Original Elephone PU Leather Full Body Case Protec.... Original Elephone U Scratch-resistant PC Back Case. Original Elephone U / U Pro Scratch-resistant Prot.... Original Elephone U PRO Scratch-resistant Cover Case. Original Elephone Anti-drop TPU Phone Back Case fo.... Base on 27 Customer Reviews. Share your thoughts with other customers Write a review. Pros: un telefono che consiglio Cons: nulla. Is this helpful? Yes ( 0 ) No ( 0 ). Pros: great product great shipping all ok Cons: great product great shipping all ok. Is this helpful? Yes ( 0 ) No ( 0 ). Pros: great product great shipping all ok Cons: great product great shipping all ok. Is this helpful? Yes ( 0 ) No ( 0 ). Pros: Great product and great shipping, everything ok. Cons: Great product and great shipping, everything ok.. Is this helpful? Yes ( 0 ) No ( 0 ). Pros: ottimo prodotto buona spedizione, ottimo prodotto buona spedizione Cons: ottimo prodotto buona spedizione, ottimo prodotto buona spedizione. Is this helpful? Yes ( 0 ) No ( 0 ). Pros: regalato a mio nipote (16anni) si è dimostrato robusto, sia dal punto di vista fisico che di sistema operativo. Meizu è sempre pronta ad aggiornare la propria release di Android Cons: Al inizio non è molto intuitivo l\'uso del tasto unico in basso. Is this helpful? Yes ( 0 ) No ( 0 ). Pros: Good product and good shipping Cons: Good product and good shipping. Is this helpful? Yes ( 0 ) No ( 0 ). Pros: Good product and good shipping Cons: Good product and good shipping. Is this helpful? Yes ( 0 ) No ( 0 ). Pros: Good Product and Perfect material. Is this helpful? Yes ( 0 ) No ( 0 ). Pros: very good phone, all works very well. Is this helpful? Yes ( 0 ) No ( 0 ). Prev 1 2 3 Next Go To : GO. Pros: Хороший телефон за свою цену. Люфтов нету, оболочка шустрая , мультиязычная прошивка. Is this helpful? Yes ( 2 ) No ( 0 ). Is this helpful? Yes ( 0 ) No ( 0 ). Is this helpful? Yes ( 0 ) No ( 0 ). Pros: Very good quality of screen , i mean resolution and graphics , it is easy-of-use , it has an awesome launcher , really very nice with many interesting things of using the phone much more easier ( like \"SmartTouch\" and \"Gesture wakeup\") I love this phone even of some minuses :) Very good phone , thank you very much ! Cons: Battery is being too hot sometimes , must be charged everyday ,sometimes 2 times per day.. Is this helpful? Yes ( 1 ) No ( 0 ). Pros: Посылка долетела за 14 дней! Все отлично. Is this helpful? Yes ( 0 ) No ( 0 ). Is this helpful? Yes ( 1 ) No ( 0 ). Pros: Хороший телефон за свою цену. Люфтов нету, оболочка шустрая , мультиязычная прошивка. Is this helpful? Yes ( 2 ) No ( 0 ). Pros: супер клас!! цета качество поддержка оптимизация, екрам операционка Cons: нету никаки притенцій. Is this helpful? Yes ( 0 ) No ( 0 ). Pros: Very good quality of screen , i mean resolution and graphics , it is easy-of-use , it has an awesome launcher , really very nice with many interesting things of using the phone much more easier ( like \"SmartTouch\" and \"Gesture wakeup\") I love this phone even of some minuses :) Very good phone , thank you very much ! Cons: Battery is being too hot sometimes , must be charged everyday ,sometimes 2 times per day.. Is this helpful? Yes ( 1 ) No ( 0 ). Pros: Come descritto Cons: arrivato nei tempi stabiliti. Is this helpful? Yes ( 0 ) No ( 0 ). After confirming your payment, we usually ship products out within 24 business hours. However, sometimes due to large transaction volumes or other order issues, we may require up to 3 working days to process orders. You will receive a notification email as soon as your product(s) have been dispatched.. Unregistered Air Mail or Registered Air Mail. Spain, United Kingdom, Italy, Germany, France & Portugal. Netherlands, Greece, Poland, Hungary, Slovakia, Czech Republic. Spain, United Kingdom, Italy, Germany, France & Portugal. GW Warehouse: Typically 3-5 days to the UK, 3-7 days to other European countries. USA Warehouse: Generally, 3-7 days to a USA address. ES Warehouse: Generally, 2-5 days to the Spain, 3-7 days to the Portugal. Shipping from warehouse nearest to shipping address is faster. Note: The above shipping time are calculated by using calendar days. This is a general guide and delays maybe caused force majeure, natural disasters, inclement weather, war, public holidays, and factors outside our control. The most convenient payment method in the world.. For orders which exceed $1,500,please contact us at support@gearbest.com. Note: please email us the order number,the amount transferred along with currency type,and the exact date of the wire transfer.. Please contact us at support@gearbest.com for details. Note: please email us the following information after you have paid via Westem Union: · Control Number(10 digits) · The exact amount sent along with the currency · Name of sender. There are two key factors which will affect the time you receive your items.. Gearbest.com accepts PayPal,Credit Cards,Wire Transfer and Westem Union as secure payment methods.. *Please let us know as much as possible about your inquiry so that we can assist you with your specific needs. We are always happy to help wherever possible.. Please note: the standard and expedited shipping costs are only estimates; the actual shipping price will be shown on the order page.. At Gearbest we work hard to ensure we can offer our customers high quality products at the lowest possible price. If you purchase a Gearbest product and find that the price has dropped within 72 hours of paying the order, we will refund the difference - no questions asked. Simply contact our Customer Service team at our Support Center with the details. Please note that our 72 hours Price Protection Program does not apply to Flash Deal products.. Prices may fluctuate due to page caches, updates or sales ending; the most up-to-date price takes priority.. ALL prices listed on GearBest exclude taxes, import fees, and customs duties. Customers may be subject to these fees.. Vaild for 72 Hour(s) after receiving.please check it in your GB Account - My Coupon .. FAQ & Support Terms and Conditions. Newsletter GearBest respects your privacy. Copyright ©2014-2018 Gearbest.com All Rights Reserved.. 
Samsung Galaxy S9 OnePlus 5T Huawei Mate 10 Google Pixel 2 OnePlus 5. LG K10 (2018) Samsung Galaxy S9 Elephone S8 HTC U11 Eyes Honor 9 Lite. Samsung Galaxy S9 OnePlus 5T Huawei Mate 10 Google Pixel 2 OnePlus 5. Buy and sell gently used phones. [Stable] LineageOS-14.1 for Meizu M2 Note [7.1.2]. [Stable] LineageOS-14.1 for Meizu M2 Note [7.1.2] Followers. [Stable] LineageOS-14.1 for Meizu M2 Note [7.1.2] - Screenshots. Downloads for [Stable] LineageOS-14.1 for Meizu M2 Note [7.1.2]. Max filesize for the download area is currently 2GB .. ---- XDA 2013 Beta - 1024. XDA Developers was founded by developers, for developers. It is now a valuable resource for people who want to make the most of their mobile devices, from customizing the look and feel to adding new functionality. Are you a developer? | Terms of Service. 
JavaScript seems to be disabled in your browser. You must have JavaScript enabled in your browser to utilize the functionality of this website.. You have no items in your shopping cart.. 3-in-1 Ultra Thin Full Protection PC Hard Back Cover Case For Meizu M6S. Vintage Wood Grain Series Soft Silicone TPU Protective Case For Meizu M6S. NILLKIN Amazing H Anti-Explosion Glass Screen Protector For Meizu M6S. NILLKIN Matte Protective Film Protective Screen Protector For Meizu M6S. NILLKIN Super Clear Anti-fingerprint Protective Screen Protector For Meizu M6S. NILLKIN Elegant Appearance Super Frosted Shield Protective Case For Meizu M6S. Ultra Thin Transparent Soft TPU Anti-drop Protective Back Case With Ring Holder For Meizu M6S. Original Meizu Super Clear Anti-fingerprint Protective Screen Protector For Meizu M6S. Unique Batman Series Ultra Thin Full Protection PC Back Cover Case For Meizu M5C / A5. Super Simple Micro Frosted Plastic Hard Shell Back Cover Case For Meizu U10 / U20. 3-in-1 Full Protection PC Hard Back Cover Case For Meizu Pro 7 Plus / Pro 7. NILLKIN Elegant Appearance Super Frosted Shield Protective Case For Meizu M6. You have no items in your shopping cart.. You have no items to compare.. 
Home Shop MWC News Reviews Features Opinions Videos The Gadgets 360 Show Cell Guru Prime Tech Smartphone Reviews Tech and Gadget Reviews How-To Videos Video Game Reviews and Features Top Lists by Gadgets 360 Unboxing and Hands-On Videos Podcasts Compare Mobiles Phone Finder DEALS. Mobiles Tablets Apps Gaming Cameras PC/Laptops AUDIO/VIDEO How To Telecom Science INDIA INTERNET SOCIAL MEDIA WEARABLES हिंदी. Home Mobiles Mobiles News. Meizu m2 note With Android 5.0 Lollipop, Octa-Core SoC Launched. Ketan Pratap , 02 June 2015. Share on Facebook Tweet Share Share Email Reddit Comment. Chinese smartphone company, Meizu, has launched the m2 note. The successor to the Meizu m1 note has been launched in China, and will be available in two storage variants priced at CNY 799 (approximately Rs. 8,250) for the 16GB model and CNY 999 (approximately Rs. ( Also see : Meizu m2 note vs. The Meizu m2 note will be available to buy in the company's home country starting Tuesday and can be bought via the company's website and other partner online retailers.. The smartphone packs few upgraded specifications when compared to its predecessor. The m2 note features a 5.5-inch full-HD (1080x1920 pixels) Sharp IGZO display with 403ppi pixel density.. Much like the Meizu m1 note, the m2 note is powered by an octa-core processor clocked at 1.3GHz. The m2 note however features an upgraded chipset MediaTek MT6753 processor instead of the MediaTek MT6752 seen on the m1 note. It features 2GB of LPDDR3 RAM. The smartphone features expandable storage via microSD card (up to 128GB). The dual-SIM based smartphone sports a hybrid SIM slot (SIM 1) that also acts as a microSD card slot.. The m2 note runs Flyme OS based on Android 5.0 Lollipop. It sports a 13-megapixel rear camera with a five-element f/2.2 lens, Blue glass IR filter, and dual-LED flash. It also features a 5-megapixel front-facing camera with f/2.0 and 69-degree wide viewing angle. Connectivity options on the handset include LTE, Wi-Fi 802.11 b/g/n, GPS/ A-GPS, Micro-USB, and Bluetooth 4.0 connectivity options are on board.. ( Also see : Meizu m2 note vs. It measures 150.9x75.2x8.7mm and weighs 149 grams. The Meizu m2 note packs a 3100mAh battery that is slightly smaller than the 3140mAh battery found on the m1 note smartphone. The smartphone will be available in Grey, Blue, Pink, and White colours. A highlight of the m2 note smartphone is the physical button on the front panel reminiscent to the ones seen on Samsung Galaxy phones.. For the latest smartphone launches by Samsung, Nokia, Sony, Asus, and other MWC 2018 announcements, visit our MWC hub .. Meizu m2 note With Android 5.0 Lollipop, Octa-Core SoC Launched at Rs. Meizu m2 note With Android 5.0 Lollipop, Octa-Core SoC Launched. More Meizu mobiles Meizu mobiles price in India. Further reading: Android , Meizu , Meizu m2 note , Meizu m2 note Price , Meizu m2 note Specifications , Meizu Mobiles , Mobiles. Ketan Pratap Email Ketan. Ketan Pratap covers daily news and rumours at Gadgets 360. He attended IIMC (Indian Institute of Mass Communication), majoring in English Journalism. Xiaomi Launches Online Store in US and Europe. Ericsson, Sterlite Partner on Solutions for Digital India's Smart Cities Initiative. Meizu m2 note With Android 5.0 Lollipop, Octa-Core SoC Launched. Samsung Galaxy S9 और Galaxy S9+ स्मार्टफोन लॉन्च. Nokia 1 एंड्रॉयड गो स्मार्टफोन हुआ लॉन्च. LG V30S ThinQ के साथ MWC 2018 में एलजी ने दी दस्तक. Samsung Galaxy S9, Galaxy S9+ Launched: What's New?. Why Game of Thrones Creators Writing Star Wars Might Be a Bad, Bad Idea. Design by User Feedback? The Customer Isn't Always Right. PS4 Is a Best-Seller but Here Are 4 Reasons It's Far From Perfect. This Is When the New Nokia Phones Will Launch in India Final Fantasy XV to Get New Episodes Until 2019 Vivo Unveils Concept Phone With Half-Screen Fingerprint Scanning at MWC Metal Gear Survive Has a Hidden Message, This Is What It Could Mean Canon EOS 1500D, EOS 3000D Entry-Level DSLRs Launched in India BSNL Partners Nokia for Rollout of 4G VoLTE Services Sony Unveils Xperia Ear Duo to Answer Apple AirPods, Samsung Gear IconX Sony Xperia XZ2, Xperia XZ2 Compact With 18:9 Displays Launched at MWC Mi MIX 2S With Snapdragon 845 Confirmed by Xiaomi; Launching on March 27 Huawei Launches Windows Laptop and Android Tablet at MWC 2018. Nokia 7 Plus Is an Android One Phone With Dual Rear Cameras, Zeiss Optics Samsung Galaxy S9, Galaxy S9+ With Improved Cameras, AR Emoji Launched Samsung Galaxy S9, Galaxy S9+ Pre-Orders Now Open in India Nokia 7 Plus vs Nokia 7 Nokia 8110 4G Is a 'Slider' Feature Phone With Google, Facebook Apps Sony Unveils Xperia Ear Duo to Answer Apple AirPods, Samsung Gear IconX This Is When the New Nokia Phones Will Launch in India OnePlus 5, OnePlus 5T HD Content Streaming Issue Fixed, With a Catch Vodafone to Offer 4.5GB Data Per Day for 28 Days at Rs. 799: Report Sony Xperia XZ2, Xperia XZ2 Compact With 18:9 Displays Launched at MWC. Sitemaps Archives Advertise About Us Feedback Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions Complaint Redressal Careers Contact Us RSS Ethics Gadgets Hindi. © Copyright Red Pixels Ventures Limited 2018. Fields marked with * are mandatory. 
Home › Meizu › m2 note Meizu m2 note - Specifications. Most recent comparisons including Meizu m2 note List of the latest comparisons made by the website visitors, which include Meizu m2 note Last viewed devices List of mobile devices, whose specifications have been recently viewed.. Width Height Thickness Weight User reviews 1 Write a review. Specifications Display Camera CPU Battery Prices 2. Dimensions : 75.2 x 150.9 x 8.7 mm Weight : 149 g SoC : MediaTek MT6753 CPU : ARM Cortex-A53, 1300 MHz, Cores : 8 GPU : ARM Mali-T720 MP3, 450 MHz, Cores : 3 RAM : 2 GB, 666 MHz Storage : 16 GB, 32 GB Memory cards : microSD, microSDHC, microSDXC Display : 5.5 in, IGZO, 1080 x 1920 pixels, 24 bit Battery : 3100 mAh, Li-Ion OS : FlyMe 4.5 (Android 5.0 Lollipop) Camera : 4160 x 3120 pixels, 1920 x 1080 pixels, 30 fps SIM card : Nano-SIM, Nano-SIM / microSD Wi-Fi : a, b, g, n, n 5GHz, Dual band, Wi-Fi Hotspot, Wi-Fi Direct USB : 2.0, Micro USB Bluetooth : 4.0 Positioning : GPS, A-GPS, GLONASS. Brand and model Information about the brand, model and model alias (if any) of a specific device. Brand Meizu Model m2 note Design Information about the dimensions and weight of the device, shown in different measurement units. Width 75.2 mm (millimeters) 7.52 cm (centimeters) 0.25 ft (feet) 2.96 in (inches) Height 150.9 mm (millimeters) 15.09 cm (centimeters) 0.5 ft (feet) 5.94 in (inches) Thickness 8.7 mm (millimeters) 0.87 cm (centimeters) 0.03 ft (feet) 0.34 in (inches) Weight 149 g (grams) 0.33 lbs (pounds) 5.26 oz (ounces) Volume 98.72 cm³ (cubic centimeters) 6 in³ (cubic inches) Colors White Gray Pink Blue Body materials Magnesium alloy Polycarbonate SIM card The Subscriber Identity Module (SIM) is used in mobile devices for storing data authenticating the subscribers of mobile services. SIM card type Nano-SIM (4FF - fourth form factor, since 2012, 12.30 x 8.80 x 0.67 mm) Nano-SIM / microSD Number of SIM cards 2 Networks A mobile (cellular) network is a radio system, which allows a large number of mobile devices to communicate with each other. GSM GSM 850 MHz GSM 900 MHz GSM 1800 MHz GSM 1900 MHz TD-SCDMA TD-SCDMA 1880-1920 MHz TD-SCDMA 2010-2025 MHz UMTS UMTS 900 MHz UMTS 1900 MHz UMTS 2100 MHz LTE LTE 1800 MHz LTE 2600 MHz LTE-TDD 1900 MHz (B39) LTE-TDD 2300 MHz (B40) LTE-TDD 2500 MHz (B41) LTE-TDD 2600 MHz (B38) Mobile network technologies and bandwidth Communication between devices within mobile networks is realized via various generations of network technologies, which provide different bandwidth. Mobile network technologies UMTS (384 kbit/s ) EDGE GPRS HSPA+ LTE Cat 4 (51.0 Mbit/s , 150.8 Mbit/s ) TD-CDMA TD-HSDPA Operating system Operating system is the system software, which manages and controls the functioning of the hardware components of the device. Operating system (OS) FlyMe 4.5 (Android 5.0 Lollipop) FlyMe 5.1.5.0 System on Chip (SoC) A system on a chip (SoC) includes into a single chip some of the main hardware components of the mobile device. SoC MediaTek MT6753 Process technology 28 nm (nanometers) CPU ARM Cortex-A53 CPU bits 64 bit Instruction set ARMv8-A Level 1 cache memory (L1) 32 KB + 32 KB (kilobytes) Level 2 cache memory (L2) 512 KB (kilobytes) 0.5 MB (megabytes) CPU cores 8 CPU frequency 1300 MHz (megahertz) GPU ARM Mali-T720 MP3 GPU cores 3 GPU frequency 450 MHz (megahertz) RAM capacity 2 GB (gigabytes) RAM type LPDDR3 RAM channels Single channel RAM frequency 666 MHz (megahertz) Storage Every mobile device has a built-in storage (internal memory) with a fixed capacity. Storage 16 GB (gigabytes) 32 GB (gigabytes) Memory cards Memory cards are used in mobile devices for expanding their external storage capacity. Types microSD microSDHC microSDXC Display The display of a mobile device is characterized by its technology, resolution, pixel density, diagonal length, color depth, etc. Type/technology IGZO Diagonal size 5.5 in (inches) 139.7 mm (millimeters) 13.97 cm (centimeters) Width 2.7 in (inches) 68.49 mm (millimeters) 6.85 cm (centimeters) Height 4.79 in (inches) 121.76 mm (millimeters) 12.18 cm (centimeters) Aspect ratio 1.778:1 16:9 Resolution 1080 x 1920 pixels Pixel density 401 ppi (pixels per inch) 157 ppcm (pixels per centimeter) Color depth 24 bit 16777216 colors Display area 73.73 % (percent) Other features Capacitive Multi-touch Scratch resistant Display manufacturer - Sharp Tempered glass 1000:1 contrast ratio 450 cd/m² GFF full lamination Sensors Different sensors measure different physical quantities and convert them into signals recognizable by the mobile device. Sensors Proximity Light Accelerometer Compass Gyroscope Hall Touch Primary camera The primary camera of the mobile device is usually placed at its back and is used for taking photos and recording videos. Sensor type CMOS (complementary metal-oxide semiconductor) Sensor size 4.69 x 3.52 mm (millimeters) 0.23 in (inches) Pixel size 1.127 µm (micrometers) 0.001127 mm (millimeters) Crop factor 7.38 ISO 100 - 1600 Aperture f/2.2 Flash type Dual LED Image resolution 4160 x 3120 pixels 12.98 MP (megapixels) Video resolution 1920 x 1080 pixels 2.07 MP (megapixels) Video FPS 30 fps (frames per second) Features Autofocus Continuous shooting Digital zoom Digital image stabilization Geotagging Panorama HDR Touch focus Face detection White balance settings ISO settings Exposure compensation Self-timer Scene mode 5-element lens Corning Gorilla Glass 3 lens protection Blue filter glass 300° panoramic lens Wide-angle lens - 74.4° Secondary camera Secondary cameras are placed above the screen of the device and are usually used for video calls, gesture recognition, etc. Sensor model OmniVision OV5670 Sensor type PureCel Sensor size 2.95 x 2.21 mm (millimeters) 0.14 in (inches) Pixel size 1.136 µm (micrometers) 0.001136 mm (millimeters) Crop factor 11.74 Aperture f/2.0 Image resolution 2592 x 1944 pixels 5.04 MP (megapixels) Video resolution 1920 x 1080 pixels 2.07 MP (megapixels) 4-element lens Wide-angle lens - 69° Audio Information about the type of speakers and the audio technologies supported by the device. Speaker Loudspeaker Earpiece Radio The radio in a mobile device is a built-in FM radio receiver. Radio No Tracking/Positioning Information about the positioning and navigation technologies supported by the device. Tracking/Positioning GPS A-GPS GLONASS Wi-Fi Wi-Fi is a technology that provides wireless data connections between various devices within a short range. Wi-Fi 802.11a (IEEE 802.11a-1999) 802.11b (IEEE 802.11b-1999) 802.11g (IEEE 802.11g-2003) 802.11n (IEEE 802.11n-2009) 802.11n 5GHz Dual band Wi-Fi Hotspot Wi-Fi Direct Bluetooth Bluetooth is a standard for secure wireless data transfer between different types of devices over short distances. Version 4.0 Features A2DP (Advanced Audio Distribution Profile) LE (Low Energy) USB The Universal Serial Bus (USB) is an industry standard that allows different electronic devices to exchange data. Connector type Micro USB Version 2.0 Features Charging Host Mass storage Headphone jack The headphone jack is an audio phone connector, a.k.a. The most widely used one in mobile devices is the 3.5 mm headphone jack. Headphone jack Yes Connectivity Information about other important connectivity technologies supported by the devices. Connectivity Computer sync OTA sync Infrared Tethering Browser A web browser is a software application for accessing, fetching, displaying and navigating through information on the World Wide Web. Browser HTML HTML5 CSS 3 Audio file formats/codecs Mobile devices support various audio file formats and codecs, which respectively store and code/decode digital audio data. Audio file formats/codecs AAC (Advanced Audio Coding) AMR / AMR-NB / GSM-AMR (Adaptive Multi-Rate, .amr, .3ga) eAAC+ / aacPlus v2 / HE-AAC v2 FLAC (Free Lossless Audio Codec, .flac) M4A (MPEG-4 Audio, .m4a) MIDI MP3 (MPEG-2 Audio Layer II, .mp3) OGG (.ogg, .ogv, .oga, .ogx, .spx, .opus) WMA (Windows Media Audio, .wma) WAV (Waveform Audio File Format, .wav, .wave) Video file formats/codecs Mobile devices support various video file formats and codecs, which respectively store and code/decode digital video data. Video file formats/codecs 3GPP (3rd Generation Partnership Project, .3gp) AVI (Audio Video Interleaved, .avi) Flash Video (.flv, .f4v, .f4p, .f4a, .f4b) MKV (Matroska Multimedia Container, .mkv .mk3d .mka .mks) QuickTime (.mov, .qt) MP4 (MPEG-4 Part 14, .mp4, .m4a, .m4p, .m4b, .m4r, .m4v) Xvid Battery The batteries of mobile devices differ in capacity and technology. They provide the electrical charge needed for the functioning of the devices. Capacity 3100 mAh (milliampere-hours) Type Li-Ion 2G talk time 20 h (hours) 1200 min (minutes) 0.8 days 3G talk time 18 h (hours) 1080 min (minutes) 0.8 days Features Non-removable Additional features Some devices have additional features, different from the standard ones above, but equally important and worth mentioning. Additional features Operating temperature: -15℃ - 55℃ Operating humidity: 95% Operating altitude: up to 5000 meters Storage temperature: -40℃ - 70℃. Brand name of the company that manufactures the device.. the horizontal side of the device when it is used in its standard orientation.. the vertical side of the device when it is used in its standard orientation.. Information about the thickness/depth of the device in different measurement units.. Information about the weight of the device in different measurement units.. Estimated volume of the device, calculated from the dimensions provided by the manufacturer. Applies for devices in the form of a rectangular parallelepiped.. Information about the colors, in which the device is available in the market.. Materials used in the fabrication of the device's body.. Information about the type and size (form factor) of the SIM card used in the device.. Information about the number of SIM cards, supported by the device.. GSM (Global System for Mobile Communications) was developed to replace the analog cellular network (1G), therefore it is referred to as a 2G mobile network. It has been improved with the addition of General Packet Radio Services (GPRS) and later via the Enhanced Data rates for GSM Evolution (EDGE) technology.. TD-SCDMA (Time Division Synchronous Code Division Multiple Access) is a 3G standard for mobile networks. It is developed as an alternative to the W-CDMA standard in China by the Chinese Academy of Telecomunications Technology, Datang Telecom and Siemens AG, and combines TDMA and CDMA.. UMTS stands for Universal Mobile Telecommunications System. Based on the GSM standard, it is deemed as a 3G mobile network standard. It has been developed by the 3GPP and its major advantage is the provision of greater bandwidth and spectral efficiency, due to the W-CDMA technology.. LTE is deemed to be the fourth generation (4G) of mobile communications technology. It has been developed by the 3GPP based on the GSM/EDGE and UMTS/HSPA technologies in order to increase the speed and capacity of wireless data networks. A further development of the technology is called LTE Advanced.. There are several network technologies that enhance the performance of mobile networks mainly by increased data bandwidth. Information about the communication technologies supported by the device and their respective uplink and downlink bandwidth.. Information about the operating system used by the device as well as its version.. The SoC integrates different hardware components such as the CPU, GPU, memory, peripherals, interfaces, etc., as well as software for their functioning.. Information about the process technology used in manufacturing the chip. The value in nanometers represents half the distance between elements that make up the CPU.. CPU is the Central Processing Unit or the processor of a mobile device. Its main function is to interpret and execute instructions contained in software applications.. The CPU bits are determined by the bit-size of the processor registers, address buses and data buses. 64-bit CPUs provide better performance than 32-bit ones, which on their part perform better than 16-bit processors.. The instruction set architecture (ISA) is a set of commands used by the software to manage the CPU's work. Information about the set of instructions the processor can execute.. The cache memory is used by the processor in order to shorten the time needed to access data and instructions that a frequently used. The L1 (level 1) cache memory has a small volume, but operates faster than the RAM and the rest cache memory levels. If the processor does not find the data needed in L1, it continues to look for it in the L2 cache memory. In some processors the search in L1 and L2 is simultaneous.. The L2 (level 2) cache memory is slower than L1, but has a larger capacity, instead, which allows it to cache more data. Just like L1, it is much faster than the system memory (RAM). If the CPU does not find the data needed in L2, it proceeds to look for them in the L3 cache memory (if there is such) or in the RAM.. A CPU core is the processor unit, which executes software instructions. Presently, besides single-core processors, there are dual-core, quad-core, hexa-core and so on multi-core processors. They increase the performance of the device allowing the execution of multiple instructions in parallel.. The frequency of the processor describes its clock rate in cycles per second. It is measured in Megahertz (MHz) or Gigahertz (GHz).. GPU is a graphical processing unit, which handles computation for 2D/3D graphics applications. In mobile devices GPU is usually utilized by games, UI, video playback, etc. GPU can also perform computation in applications traditionally handled by the CPU.. Similar to the CPU, the GPU consists of processing units called cores. They handle the computation of graphics in various applications.. The frequency is the clock rate of the graphic processor (GPU), which is measured in Megahertz (MHz) or Gigahertz (GHz).. RAM (Random-Access Memory) is used by the operating system and all installed applications. Data in the RAM is lost after the device is turned off or restarted.. Information about the type of RAM used by the device.. Information about the number of RAM channels integrated in the SoC. More channels mean higher data transfer rates.. RAM frequency relates directly to the rate of reading/writing from/in the RAM memory.. Information about the capacity of the built-in storage of the device. Sometimes one and the same model may is offered in variants with different internal storage capacity.. The various types of memory cards are characterized by different sizes and capacity. Information about the supported types of memory cards.. One of the main characteristics of the display is its type/technology, on which depends its performance.. In mobile devices display size is represented by the length of its diagonal measured in inches.. The ratio between the long and the short side of the display. The display resolution shows the number of pixels on the horizontal and vertical side of the screen. The higher the resolution is, the greater the detail of the displayed content.. Information about the number of pixels per centimeter (ppcm) or per inch (ppi) of the display. The higher the pixel density, the more detailed and clearer is the information displayed on the screen.. The color depth of the display is also known as bit depth. It shows the number of bits used for the color components of one pixel. Information about the maximum number of colors the screen can display.. The estimated percentage of the screen area from the device's front area.. Information about other functions and features of the display.. Sensors vary in type and purpose. They increase the overall functionality of the device, in which they are integrated.. Digital cameras use image sensors for taking photos. The sensor characteristics are some of the main factors determining the quality of the camera integrated in the mobile device.. Information about the dimensions of the image sensor used in the device. Usually cameras with larger sensors and less pixel density tend to provide better image quality despite the lower resolution.. A smaller pixel size allows the image sensor to use more pixels thus providing better image resolution. On the other hand, this may negatively impact noise levels and decrease image quality at high ISO settings.. Crop factor is the ratio of the dimensions of a full frame camera's sensor (36 x 24 mm, which equals the frame size of a 35 mm film) and the dimensions of the image sensor of the device. The number shown is the ratio between the diagonals of a full frame sensor (43.3 mm) and the device sensor.. ISO rating indicates the light sensitivity of the image sensor. The lower the number, the less sensitive to light the image sensor is and vice versa - higher ISO ratings indicate higher sensitivity and ability of the image sensor to work better in low light conditions.. Aperture (f-stop number) indicates the size of the lens diaphragm opening, which controls the amount of light reaching the image sensor. The lower the f-stop number, the larger the diaphragm opening is.. Cameras of mobile devices use mainly a LED or a Xenon flash. The LED flash has a softer burst of light and in contrast to the much brighter Xenon flash, is used for recording videos as well.. One of the main characteristics of the cameras of mobile devices is their resolution, which shows the number of pixels on the horizontal and vertical dimensions of the image.. Information about the maximum resolution available for shooting a video with the device.. Information about the maximum number of frames per second (fps), supported by the device while recording a video at maximum resolution. Some of the main standard frame rates for recording and playing video are 24p, 25p, 30p, 60p.. Information about additional software and hardware features of the privamery camera, which improve its overall performance.. Information about the manufacturer and the model of the image sensor used by the camera of the device.. Digital cameras use image sensors for taking photos. The sensor characteristics are some of the main factors determining the quality of the camera integrated in the mobile device.. Information about the dimensions of the image sensor used in the device. Usually cameras with larger sensors and less pixel density tend to provide better image quality despite the lower resolution.. A smaller pixel size allows the image sensor to use more pixels thus providing better image resolution. On the other hand, this may negatively impact noise levels and decrease image quality at high ISO settings.. Crop factor is the ratio of the dimensions of a full frame camera's sensor (36 x 24 mm, which equals the frame size of a 35 mm film) and the dimensions of the image sensor of the device. The number shown is the ratio between the diagonals of a full frame sensor (43.3 mm) and the device sensor.. Aperture (f-stop number) indicates the size of the lens diaphragm opening, which controls the amount of light reaching the image sensor. The lower the f-stop number, the larger the diaphragm opening is.. Information about the maximum image resolution of the secondary camera. Often, the resolution of the secondary camera is lower than the one of the primary camera.. Information about the maximum resolution available for shooting a video by the secondary camera.. The loudspeaker is a device, which reproduces various sounds such as ring tones, alarms, music, voice calls, etc. Information about the type of speakers the device uses.. Information whether the device has an FM radio receiver or not.. The tracking/positioning service is provided by various satellite navigation systems, which track the autonomous geo-spatial positioning of the device that supports them. The most common satellite navigation systems are the GPS and the GLONASS. There are also non-satellite technologies for locating mobile devices such as the Enhanced Observed Time Difference, Enhanced 911, GSM Cell ID.. Wi-Fi communication between devices is realized via the IEEE 802.11 standards. Some devices have the possibility to serve as Wi-Fi Hotspots by providing internet access for other nearby devices. Wi-Fi Direct (Wi-Fi P2P) is another useful standard that allows devices to communicate with each other without the need for wireless access point (WAP).. The technology has several versions, which improve the connection speed, range, connectivity and discoverability of the devices. Information about the Bluetooth version of the device.. Bluetooth uses various profiles and protocols related to faster exchange of data, energy saving, better device discoverability, etc. Some of those supported by the device are listed here.. There are several USB connector types: the Standard one, the Mini and Micro connectors, On-The-Go connectors, etc. Type of the USB connector used by the device.. There are several versions of the Universal Serial Bus (USB) standard: USB 1.0 (1996), the USB 2.0 (2000), the USB 3.0 (2008), etc. With each following version the rate of data transfer is increased.. Тhe USB interface in mobile devices may be used for different purposes such as battery charging, using the device as a mass storage, host, etc.. Information whether the device is equipped with a 3.5 mm audio jack.. Information about some of the most widely used connectivity technologies supported by the device.. Information about some of the features and standards supported by the browser of the device.. List of some of the most common audio file formats and codecs supported standardly by the device.. List of some of the most common video file formats and codecs supported standardly by the device.. The capacity of a battery shows the maximum charge, which it can store, measured in mili-Ampere hours.. The battery type is determined by its structure and more specifically, by the chemicals used in it. There are different battery types and some of the most commonly used in mobile devices are the lithium-ion (Li-Ion) and the lithium-ion polymer battery (Li-Polymer).. 2G talk time is the time period a battery charge will last, if one is constantly talking on the phone in a 2G cellular network.. 3G talk time is the time period a battery charge will last, if one is constantly talking on the phone in a 3G cellular network.. Information about some additional features of the device's battery.. Information about other features of the device.. Provide information about, which of the published data you want to be edited as well as a reliable source, which confirms the accuracy of the information you suggest *. Enter the characters from the image: *. Xiaomi Redmi Note 5A Standard Edition. Dimensions : 75.2 x 150.9 x 8.7 mm Weight : 149 g SoC : MediaTek MT6753 CPU : ARM Cortex-A53, 1300 MHz, Cores : 8 GPU : ARM Mali-T720 MP3, 450 MHz RAM : 2 GB, 666 MHz Storage : 16 GB, 32 GB Display : 5.5 in, IGZO, 1080 x 1920 pixels, 24 bit Battery : 3100 mAh, Li-Ion OS : FlyMe 4.5 (Android 5.0 Lollipop) Camera : 4160 x 3120 pixels, 1920 x 1080 pixels, 30 fps. The information on this website is provided on "as is, as available basis" without warranty of any kind. DeviceSpecifications is not responsible for any omissions, inaccuracies or other errors in the information it publishes. All warranties with respect to this information are disclaimed. Reproduction of any part of this website in its entirety or partially or in any form or medium without prior written permission is prohibited. The trademarks, marques and logos of the manufacturers of devices, software, hardware, etc. are the property of their respective owners.. 
The source for Tech Buying Advice. More Car Tech. Tech deals, prizes and latest news. Is this the phone to bring Meizu to the west?. If you're a regular Android user, you probably haven't thought of a physical home button since Google started including onscreen buttons with recent versions of its mobile operating system.. However, it's clear that Meizu has been thinking long and hard about it, as the inclusion of a home button on the M2 Note doesn't feel like a retrograde step, and instead offers some rather interesting and innovative features.. Although the flagship Meizu MX4 comes with a fingerprint scanner under the home screen, there's none here. While this is disappointing – yet expected due to the M2 Note's budget leanings – there's enough interesting tech to make you forget about the lack of biometrics.. The Mback home button has some neat tricks. Dubbed the Mback, the oblong home button's main aim is to make the Meizu M2 Note easier to use with one hand, despite its large screen size. This means the back, home and app drawer icons of stock Android are gone from the M2 Note's custom version of Android 5.1 Lollipop. Instead you can use the home button to replicate the tasks those onscreen buttons used to cover.. Tapping the button takes you to the home screen, while swiping from left to right works as the 'back' button. The Mback has its own haptic feedback, which lets you know what you're doing via discrete vibrations.. The addition of separate vibrations for the home button does a good job of encompassing Meizu's approach to the Mback button. At first it might seem like a small (maybe even pointless) addition, but the feedback the vibrations give helps make the M2 Note feel responsive to your commands.. It took me a while to get used to the button at first, but once I did, I found it worked really well, and it definitely fulfilled its brief for making the large phone feel comfortable to use with one hand.. It's not quite as revolutionary as Meizu states, but it's great to see a company thinking about new ways to make its device easy and comfortable to use. I know that when I move on from the M2 Note I will certainly miss the Mback home button.. One of the most notable features of the Meizu M2 Note is its large 5.5-inch display. Budget smartphones with phablet-sized screens are nothing new, with the Nokia Lumia 1320 and the Huawei Ascend Mate 2 4G demonstrating that you can combine big screens with small price tags.. What's rare, however, is the M2 Note's 1080p high definition screen – in contrast to other budget phablets that stick to a 720p resolution to keep prices down.. The M2 Note's screen is big and high res. A 720p screen isn't too shabby – especially on a budget device – but the larger the screen, the more unforgiving it is for lower resolutions. Having a higher resolution means it can pack more pixels in per inch – and a high pixel density is essential to having a clear and sharp image.. With a 5.5-inch screen and 1080 x 1920 resolution, the M2 Note has a pixel density of 403ppi – pretty much the same as the iPhone 6 Plus ' 401ppi (they share the same resolution and size, but Apple has a funny way with aspect ratios). Although the M2 Note doesn't quite match the screen quality of the iPhone 6 Plus, it doesn't do a bad job either.. This is particularly impressive considering that the Meizu M2 Note sells for almost a fifth of the price of an iPhone 6 Plus.. So, if you're looking for a large screen device for under £200 ($300, AU$400), the Meizu M2 Note is without doubt a worthy choice, with the bright, vibrant and full HD screen putting other budget phablets to shame – and even giving more expensive devices a run for their money.. The Meizu M2 Note's biggest selling point is its impressively low price. When the Chinese price of 799RMB ($129, £85, AU$168) for the 16GB version was given at the launch event, we were sceptical that Meizu would translate this price to the rest of the world.. Although it doesn't quite reach that low price, you can pick up the Meizu M2 Note for as little as £144 (about $227, AU$294) and sometimes even cheaper if you shop around.. This puts it in the same price bracket as the Microsoft Lumia 640 , Sony Xperia M2 Aqua and the current budget smartphone to beat, the Motorola Moto G (2014) .. All three of these budget smartphones are formidable opponents, proving that companies don't have to make too many compromises when creating a desirable budget device. The fact that the relatively unknown Meizu can go up against such well-established names like Microsoft, Sony and Motorola, and in many ways come out on top, is a testament to the quality of the M2 Note.. Let's quickly compare some of the specs of the Meizu M2 Note to the Moto G (2014), which currently sits at the top of our best budget smartphones list .. The M2 Note's 5.5-inch screen, with 1080 x 1920 resolution, dwarfs the Moto G's 5-inch 720 x 1280 display in both size and quality. A Mediatek octa-core 1.3GHz CPU and 2GB of RAM also help the M2 Note feel more sprightly than the Moto G, with its quad-core 1.2GHz CPU and 1GB of RAM.. The Moto G comes with just 8GB of storage, which is pretty common in handsets at this price range, but can get filled up quickly. Meanwhile, the M2 Note comes has 16GB and 32GB capacities.. It's already clear the Meizu doesn't mess around when it comes to putting some decent hardware in a budget device.. Prev Page Introduction and design. Next Page Performance and interface. You can unsubscribe at any time and we'll never share your details without your permission.. Get the best tech deals, reviews, product advice, competitions, unmissable tech news and more!. 1 Samsung Galaxy S9 release date, price, news and features. 2 Samsung Galaxy S9 launch: as it happened. 3 Samsung Galaxy S9 live stream: how to watch today's big launch event. 4 How to watch Arsenal v Man City live stream online for the Carabao Cup final NOW. 5 MWC 2018: All the latest news from the show. 2 Samsung Galaxy S9 Plus review. 3 Samsung Galaxy S9 release date, price, news and features. 4 Samsung Galaxy S9 launch: as it happened. 5 BlackBerry: 'we understand we are not for everyone' but 'we're here to stay'. TechRadar is part of Future plc, an international media group and leading digital publisher. England and Wales company registration number 2008885.. 
Trending Lenovo ThinkPad T460s Disassembly and SSD, RAM upgrade options Colorful iGame GTX 1050 Ti Teardown Alienware Aurora R5 Disassembly HP Omen 15-ax000 Disassembly LeEco Le Pro 3 Teardown Xiaomi Mi 5s Teardown Apple iPhone 7 Teardown Meizu M3 Note Teardown Lenovo ZUK Z2 Teardown ZTE Nubia Z11 Teardown. Home Laptop Phone iPhone iPad Tablet Teardown More Teardown Store Repair Guide. Home / Meizu Mobile Phone / Meizu M2 Note / Meizu M2 Note Teardown. Meizu M2 Note Meizu Mobile Phone Meizu M2 Note Teardown. David February 2, 2018. Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn StumbleUpon Tumblr Pinterest Reddit VKontakte Share via Email Print. In this guide, I’ll explain how to disassemble Meizu M2 Note to remove the back cover, battery, camera and motherboard. Refer to this guide, you can repair your Meizu M2 Note.. Follow us on Facebook for the latest updates from the MyFixGuide.com.. Meizu M2 Note Specifications: Width: 75.2mm Height: 150.9mm Weight: 114.9g Battery: 3100mAh (Typical value) Rear Camera: 13 megapixels Front Camera: 5 megapixels Display: 5.5-inch Resolution: 1920 x 1080 Brightness: 450cd/m2, 2,048 adjustable brightness levels Material: Tempered Glass Display technology: IGZO (SHARP) Processor: MTK MT6753, ARM® Cortex®-A53™ 1.3GHz octa-core, Mali T720 MP3/450MHz GPU RAM: 2GB LPDDR3 800MHz RAM Network: FDD-LTE / TD-LTE / TD-SCDMA / WCDMA / GSM. This tuesday, Meizu officially released his Meizu M2 note, the price is only RMB799, about $131, today we will disassemble Meizu M2 note.. Meizu M2 Note has four colors to choose: gray, white, blue and pink.. Now starting to open the back cover with your fingernails from headset jack.. After the back cover removed, you can see from the picture, there are two small plates covering the motherboard.. Remove all screws securing these two small plates. Meizu M2 note antenna overflow outlet and sound chamber. Meizu M2 Note comes with a 3100mah Li-polymer battery. Vibrator module, micro-USB data port and microphone module. On the back of the board, you can find the Meizu M2 Note’s Home key.. There is a capacitive touch panel inside the home key. All the chips were covered by metal shields.. MTK6169V RF chip MTK6753V processor Skhynix 2GB RAM + 16GB ROM. Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn StumbleUpon Tumblr Pinterest Reddit VKontakte Share via Email Print. July 2, 2015 at 9:06 pm. Can you gently explain how to remove the display?. I’ve just got it cracked with an unlucky fall 🙁. August 10, 2015 at 5:15 pm. have you been able to fix your display? Please tell me how. August 10, 2015 at 6:32 pm. Honestly im still waiting for the outer glass to be delivered , I bought it 1 week ago from alibaba. August 11, 2015 at 10:07 am. Could you please keep me in informed as to how it goes. September 19, 2015 at 6:34 pm. Hello! Have you changed your display? I have the similar problem too, i would like to buy new display on aliexpress but actually I don’t know how to change it.. September 20, 2015 at 5:54 pm. Hi, I haven’t gotten the display. I have placed an order for it but it hasn’t arrived yet. I’ll update you once it arrive. I will however advise you to purchase the full screen instead of the outer glass only. September 20, 2015 at 7:45 pm. Thank you, man, it will be very helpful for me, i’ll be waiting for your reply.. September 27, 2015 at 6:49 am. August 24, 2015 at 11:50 am. Have you been able to fix the outer glass now? Can you share the link you bought it from. August 26, 2015 at 8:29 am. please try to search in ebay. August 30, 2015 at 9:05 pm. Ahm, hell not! We tried to fix the outerglass but unfortunately after 6 hours of work we pointed out that the display got cracked someway.. So, my advice is to directly buy the display: it cost 40 $ instead of 20$ for the outer glass only, but it worth cause you don’t have to risk and you can do it by yourself. August 30, 2015 at 9:10 pm. I was waiting for for your feedback before purchasing. October 11, 2015 at 9:09 am. I too broke my outer glass of my display. Hoe to fix? First of all how will u remove it?. August 10, 2015 at 5:14 pm. Please, explain how to remove the display. i just crack my outer glass. the touch still works great like normal. i need to get the outer glass fixed. September 21, 2015 at 11:34 am. I have just received my phone – i like it – a little unusual to other ones – but brilliant screen – and shitty sound 🙂 How they have been able to put SO bad sound in a phone ? Na, my real question is, does any of you have problems with connections. When i started to use the new phone 3 days ago, since that time people tell for me, that i sometimes “fall our” – they can not hear me, or only half of what im telling. With my previous Lumia 640 XL, also dual sim, and with same provider, it was never a problem. Have any of you had issues with bad connection – both by talking, and slowly receiving of mails or other data, including sms ?. November 4, 2015 at 6:17 pm. can someone tell me which kind of screwdriver i need to take off the back cover?. November 6, 2015 at 9:11 am. July 14, 2016 at 11:05 pm. No mate the torx must be little than the t6 i try with t4 and is big.. March 29, 2017 at 5:04 am. My phone eas phisicly broken and I’m trying so save data written into internal storage. Are data saved to that 16Gb ROM chip? Any help is welcome.. Leave a Reply Cancel reply. Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *. Notify me of followup comments via e-mail. You can also subscribe without commenting.. Check Also Close. Lenovo ThinkPad T460s Disassembly and SSD, RAM upgrade options. Colorful iGame GTX 1050 Ti Teardown. Best Android phones under $400 Best Android Phones under $300 Best Android Phones under $200. Facebook Twitter WhatsApp Telegram. 
| Today： 0 | Threads： 637. Contacts name not showing in messaging (SMS) app ??? [6.2.0.0G]. Recovering Meizu M2 Note with fastbood only. Cannot sign in to my flyme account. M2 note original firmware(emergancy help PLEASE). 1 2 3 4 ...32 Next Go to. 0 1 2 3 4 5 7 8. VOLTE with Jio 4G in India. ©2018 Meizu Telecom Equipment Co., Ltd. 
Ship to United States / USD. Contact Customer Service for order status and other after-sales issues. chat with Online Sales for more information before your purchase!. If you already made a purchase. If you are considering a purchase. MEIZU M2 NOTE (MEILAN NOTE 2) 5.5inch FHD Android 5.0 2GB 16GB Smartphone 4G LTE MTK6753 Octa Core 1.3 GHz Smartwake Miracast - Gray. View Cart or Continue Shopping>>. US$ 149.99 + =. The item has been added to your wish list.. Shipping Cost: Free Shipping to United States via UPS Expedited. 6 in 1 Mobile Phone Accessories gift for All Mobile Device. 5.5inch IPS OGS capacitive screen, 1920x1080 pixels. CPU:MTK6753 Octa Core, 1.3GHz GPU:Mali-T720. Android 5.0 OS , 2GB RAM + 16GB ROM. Dual SIM card dual standby, micro sim. Dual Cameras, 5.0MP front camera, 13.0MP back camera with flashlight and auto focus. 3G: TD-SCDMA Band 34/39, WCDMA Band 850/900/1900/2100,. 4G: LTE FDD Band 1800/2100/2600, TD-LTE Band 38/39/40/41. Flyme 4.5A OS based on Android 5.1. MTK MT6753 ARM® cortex®-A53™ 1.3GHz x 8 1.5GHz. GSM, 3G, 4G, GPS, WiFi, Bluetooth. 3G: TD-SCDMA Band 34/39, WCDMA Band 1/2/5/8,. 4G: LTE FDD Band 1/3/7, TD-LTE Band 38/39/40/41,. Yes, built in, also support A-GPS. Dual cameras (one front one back). Samsung 13.0MP back camera with flashlight and auto focus. SIM, Dual SIM, Dual standby (SIM1/2 support 4 g network, can be set up in the interface switch SIM1/2 data business mode, another card slot only support the GSM at this time, SIM1 Nano - SIM card compatible with the microSD card, can be used according to demand). MP4, 3GP, MOV, MKV, AVI, FLV, MPEG. FLAC, APE, AAC, MKA, OGG, MIDI, M4A, AMR. Bahasa Indonesia, Bahasa Melayu, Czech, German, Estonian, English, Spanish, French, Croatian, Bulgarian, Italian, Latvin, Lithuanian, Hungarian, Nederlands, Polish, Portuguese,. Romanian, Slovenian, Slovak, Vietnamese, Turkish, Greek, Bulgarian, Russian, Serbian, Ukrainian, Hebrew, Arabic, Hindi, Thai, Traditional/Simplified Chinese. Gravity sensor, Light sensor, Proximity sensor, magnetic sensor, gyroscope, e-compass, touch sensor. 4G, 3G, WIFI, GPS, FM, Bluetooth, Ebook, Email,Messaging, wallpapers, calendar, calculator,clock, camera,tethering & portable hotspo, Miracast, E-compass, smart wake, cast screen, etc. 1 × Power adapter (A right AC Adapter will be sent as your shipping country). This phone will only work with 2G:GSM 850 /900 /1800/ 1900MHz. It is Unlocked for Worldwide use. Please ensure local area network is compatible. click here for Network Frequency of your country. Please check with your carrier/provider before purchasing this item.. Please kindly note that this item will be installed with international firmware before shipped out, with Google play store , Google services and multi-languages .. Upload your photo to win 2 - 4 GeekPoints Customer Photos. Be the first to Upload A Photo of this product!. Upload your video to win 2 - 8 GeekPoints Customer Videos. Be the first to Upload A Video of this product!. Be the first to Write A. Text Review of this product!. 100% Good Reputation Rate. Meizu M2 Note MTK6753 Smartphone Firmware Update 189909 151024. Multi Language Pack for Meizu M2 Note 189910 150907. 4% Site-Wide OFF Subscribe to get exclusive offers and more savings!. MEIZU M2 NOTE (MEILAN NOTE 2) 5.5inch FHD Android 5.0 2GB 16GB Smartphone 4G LTE MTK6753 Octa Core 1.3 GHz Smartwake Miracast - Gray. English | Español | Français | Deutsch | Italiano | Português | Nederlands | Polski | Русский | Türkçe | ελληνικά | Magyar | لعربية | עברית | ไทย | 日本語. Note: GeekBuying reserves the right to change prices at any time without notice. Stock information may become invalid because of new orders and supply change.. Shipping Company Estimated Delivery Time Shipping Cost. *Please note: This is an estimated shipping fee, the actual shipping fee will be shown on the order page.. 
Home » Harga Hp » Harga Meizu M2 Note – Spesifikasi Januari 2018. Harga Meizu M2 Note – Spesifikasi Januari 2018. Harga Meizu M1 Note Blue Charm. Layar 5,5 inchi Panel IGZO Sharp Full HD. Dapur Pacu : 64-bit Octa-core CPU dan triple-core GPU. Tersedia 2 Versi Memori Internal 16GB dan 32GB. Dual Kamera 13 MP dan 5MP CMOS Samsung. Kelebihan dan Kekurangan Meizu M2 Note. Dilengkapi layar beresolusi tinggi Full HD 1K berukuran 5.5 inci. Yang memastikan tampilan ponsel akan lebih baik, lebih jernih dan juga tajam. Selain itu fitur pada displaynya juga sudah lengkap. Tidak hanya, resolusi layar yang besar, fitur multitouch dan juga penggunaan prosesor GPU membuat kebutuhan visual menjadi tercukupi. Satu hal yang membuat unggul smartphone Meizu ini adalah sektor dapur pacunya. Ponsel ini sudah menggunakan processor Octa Core-64 Bit generasi terbaru dari teknologi Chipset yang digunakan. Selain itu RAM yang digunakan juga besar 2GB. Mampu menopang semua aktifitas mesin dan juga membuat mesin menjadi terasa longgar. Mendukung teknologi LTE dan Dual Sim. Sudah terpasang Kamera dengan kualitas yang baik. Kamera utamanya sudah 13 Megapixel yang dapat merekam video 4K lalu kamera depannya 5MP mampu membuat moment selfie menjadi lebih baik. Baterai berkapasitas besar, 3100 mAh battery dengan kemampuan hidup pada waktu aktif/bicara sampai 40 jam lamanya. Mengunakan body plastik berbahan polycarbonat, namun dengan harga yang sangat murah akan sangat sulit mengharapkan smartphone dengan body metal layaknya Samsung Galaxy A series. Baterai tidak bisa dicopot, desain unibody ini memang bisa salah satu yang dikhawatirkan apabila baterai ponsel mengalami kerusakan. Hanya saja, teknologi baterai saat ini sudah jauh lebih baik ketimbang 1 dekade yang lalu. Dan trend baterai unibody ini sudah lebih modern dan para vendor ponsel menggangap ponsel dengan baterai terpisah cenderung kuno. Proteksi Layarnya belum menggunakan Gorilla Glass sebagai lapisan anti goresnya. Jaringan 2G : GSM 850 / 900 / 1800 / 1900 – SIM 1 & SIM 2. Jaringan 3G : HSDPA 900 / 1900 / 2100. Jaringan 4G : LTE 1800 / 2100 / 2500 / 2600. Jenis kartu : Dual SIM (Nano-SIM, dual stand-by). Dimensi 150.9 x 75.2 x 8.7 mm. Layar 5.5 inches, 1080 x 1920 pixels (~403 ppi pixel density). Jenis layar IGZO capacitive touchscreen, 16M colors. Warna Hp Gray, White, Blue, Pink. Internal 16 GB / 32 GB. Slot microSD, up to 128 GB (uses SIM 2 slot). Kecepatan HSPA 42.2/5.76 Mbps, LTE Cat4 150/50 Mbps. CPU Mediatek MT6753, Octa-core 1.3 GHz Cortex-A53. Kamera belakang 13 MP, 4208 x 3120 pixels, autofocus, dual-LED (dual tone) flash, 1/3.06′ sensor size, geo-tagging, touch focus, face detection, HDR, panorama, Video 2160p, 1080p@30fps. Music Playback 60 h, Video Playback 15 h. – Active noise cancellation with dedicated mic. – WiFi Browsing Time up to 10 h. – Mobile Browsing Time up to 12 h. Beli Meizu M2 Note di Lazada.co.id. Gratis ongkos kirim dan bisa dibayar. Harga Meizu M2 Note – TEKNOKITA.COM – Meizu M2 Note merupakan smartphone terbaru yang dirilis oleh vendor Meizu. Vendor smartphone asal negeri Tiongkok ini menjadi kuda hitam dalam pasaran gadget dunia. Mayoritas ponsel buatan Meizu ini masih di pasarkan didalam negerinya sendiri, China. Kali ini Meizu merilis Meizu M2 Note ini untuk menyaingi ponsel Xiaomi Mi4i yang baru saja dijual kepasaran.. Meizu M2 Note ini dirilis oleh Meizu hanya dalam rentang waktu yang cuma 6 bulan dari generasi pertamanya Meizu M1 Note. ( Baca : Harga Meizu M1 Note ). Meizu saat ini dikenal sebagai vendor yang gemar merilis ponsel hebat dengan harga yang hemat. Meski smartphone Meizu M2 Note ini dijual dengan harga yang murah, namun spesifikasi yang dibawakannya tetap saja kelas atas. Sebagai gambaran, Harga Meizu M2 Note ini dibanderol sekitar Rp 1,7 jutaan untuk versi murahnya dengan memori internal 16GB. Sedangkan untuk versi mahalnya yang sudah memiliki memori internal 32GB hanya dijual “cuma” Rp 2,1 jutaan saja.. Meski dijual dengan harga murah , spesifikasi yang dibekalkan untuk seri ponsel Meizu M2 Note ini tak bisa dianggap murahan. Pada sisi layarnya sudah dibekali 5,5 inchi dengan resolusi tinggi Full HD 1K berkerapatan ~403 ppi. Sudah mendukung fitur koneksi di 4 generasi, diantaranya 2G, 3G dan 4G LTE dengan support banyak gelombang sinyal. Selain itu desain yang sangat menarik, penuh warna dan modern semakin membuat daya tarik tersendiri khususnya saat pertama kali memegangnya.. Spesifikasi Meizu M2 Note ini dari sektor dapur pacu, mungkin saat ini masih terdepaan dikelas low entry. Bahkan di negara asalnya, Meizu M2 Note ini diramalkan mampu untuk mengusur dominasi ponsel tipe Note di kelas low entry yang saat ini masih dikuasai oleh Xiaomi dan Lenovo. Apa saja sih spesifikasi Meizu M2 Note ini? Selain di sektor layar seperti yang sudah disinggung diatas. Sisi dapur pacunya sudah lebih dari cukup untuk menantang ponsel kelas atas. Dari sisi mesin pacunya dibekali dengan Chipset generasi terbaru dari Mediatek dengan kapasitas Octa-core 1.3 GHz dan arsitektur 64 Bit. Dan didukung dengan prosesor grafis GPU Mali-T720MP3. Memori RAMnya juga sudah disematkan dengan kapasitas yang besar 2GB.. Sedangkan disisi lain, pada softwarenya sudah dibekali dengan OS Android OS, v5.0 (Lollipop) yang sudah dikustom dengan UI buatan Meizu dengann tipe Flyme 4.5 dengan kemampuan manajemen tema dan integrasi fitur yang secara khusus disediakan oleh Meizu. Tak hanya itu, pada sisi kamera sudah dibekali dengan dual kamera yang berukuran besar, pada sisi belakang dibekali dengan kamera utama beresolusi 13MP sedangkan untuk sisi depannya dibekali dengan kamera sekunder beresolusi 5MP. Cukup besar untuk membuat momen selfiemu menjadi lebih berwarna. Tertarik dengan ponsel hebat ini? Yuk mari kita simak ulasan lengkap Teknokita.com pada kolom Review dibawah ini.. Salah satu poin yang menarik pada fitur smartphone Meizu M2 Note ini adalah pada sisi displaynya. Ponsel Meizu M2 Note ini dibekali dengan layar berbentang 5,5 inchi dengan teknologi panel IGZO dengan kemampuan memproduksi warna hingga 16 juta warna, jika pembaca tahu brand teknologi Sharp, maka itu sedikit membantu. Pasalnya panel yang digunakan oleh ponsel Meizu M2 Note ini dibuat oleh Sharp. Sharp sendiri merupakan produsen teknologi yang memproduksi TV/LCD dengan kualitas layar paling jernih / tajam saat ini. Ketajaman layar Sharp sangat diakui di pasar TV/LVD dunia.. Layar Meizu M2 Note inipun sama, dengan layar 5,5 inchi ini sudah memiliki kapasitas resolusi yang tinggi. Resolusi layarnya Full HD 1K dengan kerapatan piksel yang sangat tajam yakni mencapai ~403 piksel per inchi. Melengkapi fitur layarnya juga dibekali dengan fitur multitouch sehingga memungkinkan untuk layar ponsel menjadi sangat responsif. Lalu, untuk melindungi layar dari goresan dan benturan dibekali dengan fitur proteksi Scratch resistant yang melapisi seluruh bentang layar atau fully laminated screen.. Desain Meizu M2 Note ini dibuat lebih bergaya, desainnya seperti halnya dengan trend mode smartphone saat ini yakni Slim dan Colorfull. Selan konsep tersebut, Meizu juga merancang ponsel terbarunya ini dengan konsep individuality with elegance in mind. Desainnya memang Slim, ketebalan ponsel pintar ini cuma 8.7 mm saja. Desainnya dibuat cantik dengan kelengkungan disisi-sisinya menggunakan R-angle curved design.. Performa dapur pacu Meizu M2 Note ini memang menjadi poin paling keren untuk smartphone asal buatan Meizu. Bayangkan, dengan harga belinya yang cuma Rp 1 jutaan kamu sudah bisa mendapatkan ponsel dengan kemampuan yang sangat baik untuk kerja, proses aplikasi apa saja, bahkan untuk hiburan seperti main game HD atau 3D dengan ukuran besar. Performa mesin yang mantab ini tidak lain karena komposisinya dibangun dengan software dan hardware yang unggul.. Sisi Softrware : menggunakan sistem operasi milik Google yang paling baru, versi Android OS, v5.0 (Lollipop) dengan kustomisasi menggunakan antar muka buatan Meizu sendiri yang diberinama Flyme. Flyme yang digunakan adalah versi 4,5 yang menawarkan performa yang lebih keren dari ponsel dengan OS lollipop di vendor lain. Meizu mengklaim UI Flyme v.4.5 ini mampu bekerja sangat optimal di ponsel M2 Note ini. Meizu menjelaskan hanya ponsel pintar dengan basis CPU berarsitektur 64 Bit lah yang dapat memberikan pengalaman terbaik saat menggunakan Android versi Lollipop.. Sisi hardware : tampaknya ponsell tandingan dari Xiaomi ini memang dibuat sangat komplit disemua sisi. Apalagi disisi mesin pacunya, mesinnya menggunakan generasi terbaru dari CPU 64-bit MT6753. Teknologi terbaru dari Mediatek dengan delapan inti Cortex A53 yang sangat pintar mengalokasikan sumber daya sesuai permintaan pemrosesan. Membuat ponsel ini bisa cepat tanggap, lincah dan sempurna dalam semua kondisi, bahkan untuk game dengan size yang berat atau untuk pemrosesan aplikasi yang sangat ringan sekalipun.. Selain itu, untuk urusan grafisnya sudah ada 64 Bit Mali T720 Triple-core GPU yang akan membuat tampilan visual menjadi lebih lembut tanpa patah-patah. Lalu, untuk mendukung kinerja ponsel juga sudah dibekali dengan RAM yang berkapasitas besar. RAM yang digunakan adalah sebesar 2 GB RAM. Dengan RAM yang besar, aktifitas ponsel akan semakin leluasa dan nyaman untuk mengerjakan banyak aplikasi sekaligus.. Pada sektor tempat penyimpanan data Anda tidak perlu khawatir. Sudah ada memori internal yang memiliki daya tampung besar, untuk memori internalnya dibekali dengan dua versi. Kedua versi ini juga sekaligus membedakan harga jual ponsel. Untuk versi pertama dengan memori internal 16GB dan untuk versi kedua dengan memori internal 32GB. Selain itu sudah disediakan juga slot microSD yang mampu mengekspansi daya tampung hingga 128 GB (uses SIM 2 slot).. Meizu M2 Note dilengkapi kamera utama dengan lensa 13 Megapixel yang menggunakan sensor CMOS buatan Samsung. Kamera tersebut, memiliki 5 elemen lensa dengan aperture f/2.2 yang membuatnya mampu memotret 30 foto sekaligus. Kualitas kamera M2 Note tidak mengecewakan, karena Meizu juga memberikan dual-tone Flash untuk menciptakan sebuah foto sempurna, dengan white balance seimbang dan akurat, bahkan saat memotret di lokasi bercahaya rendah.. Meizu M2 Note menjadi smartphone termurah yang mampu merekam video beresolusi 4K (2160p), karena rata-rata smartphone sekelasnya hanya mampu merekam video Full HD 1080p. Kemudian untuk kamera bagian depan, dilengkapi lensa 5 Megapixel dengan sensor OV5670 yang memiliki 4 element lensa dan aperture F/2.0. Kamera depan M2 Note juga memiliki sudut lebar 69 derajat, sehingga semakin optimal saat digunakan foto selfie.. Harga Meizu M2 Note ini dibanderol dengan harga yang sangat murah. Meizu M2 Note ini sendiri dibuat dengan dua versi yakni Meizu M2 Note 16 GB dan Meizu M2 Note 32 GB, sehingga harga keduanya juga berbeda. Dilansir dari media luar, ponsel Meizu M2 Note ini sudah tersedia dan bisa untuk dipesan. Untuk harga Meizu M2 Note 16 GB Meizu membanderolnya dengan harga USD 130 atau sekitar Rp 1.740.050 an untuk memori internal 16GB. Sedangkan untuk versi 32GB dibanderol dengan harga USD 160 atau setara Rp 2.141.600 an. Harga tersebut adalah harga jual di China. Untuk diluar China harga diperkirakan akan sedikit dinaikan karena pengaruh transport.. Well., bagaimana untuk Indonesia? Kita tunggu saja kehadiran Meizu M2 Note ini dipasaran tanah air. Tentu saja kehadiran Meizu M2 Note ini dipastikan akan mampu menggeser pasar low entry tanah air saat ini yang masih dikuasai oleh banyak vendor luar maupun lokal. Dengan harga yang murah tersebut kamu pasti tak akan menyesal untuk membawa pulang ponsel keren nan cantik ini.. Gunakan Google Chrome Browser untuk mendapatkan tampilan terbaik saat menjelajahi situs TeknoKita.com. tags: Meizu M2 Note, harga Meizu M2 Note, spesifikasi Meizu M2 Note, kelebihan Meizu M2 Note, kekurangan Meizu M2 Note, keunggulan Meizu M2 Note, ulasan Meizu M2 Note, review Meizu M2 Note, harga jual Meizu M2 Note. Harga Meizu M2 Note – Spesifikasi Januari 2018 |. Related Posts Harga Huawei Mate 9 Pro – Spesifikasi Januari 2018. Harga Smartfren Andromax B – Spesifikasi Januari 2018. Harga Huawei Honor 8 Pro – Spesifikasi Januari 2018. Harga Lenovo A3600 – Spesifikasi Januari 2018. Harga Samsung Galaxy A7 (2016) – Spesifikasi Januari 2018. Harga Huawei Mate 9 Pro – TEKNOKITA.COM – Jika sudah di dasarkan pada rasa suka tentu harga dan nilai tak terlalu menjadi.... Harga Smartfren Andromax B – TEKNOKITA.COM – Jika seseorang membutuhkan sebuah alat komunikasi yang canggih namun dengan harga murah mungkin smartphone yang.... Harga Huawei Honor 8 Pro – TEKNOKITA.COM – Selain bekerja sama dengan Porsche, Huawei juga menjalin kerjasama dengan Leica untuk mengoptimalkan kemampuan.... Harga Lenovo A3600 – TEKNOKITA.COM – Lenovo A3600 merupakan varian ponsel kelas low entry terbaru yang dimiliki oleh Lenovo. Harga Samsung Galaxy A7 (2016) – TEKNOKITA.COM – Samsung Galaxy A7 (2016) resmi di perkenalkan vendor Samsung pada bulan desember bersamaan dengan.... Cara Mudah Cek Nomer IM3 Milik Sendiri. 7 Aplikasi Wajib Instal di Android, Ponsel Baru Wajib Instal. 8 Hp Android Kamera Depan 13 MP Terbaik untuk Selfie. Cara Mudah Cek Nomer Smartfren Milik Sendiri. Cara Logout Akun Gmail Di Aplikasi Android. Kumpulan Gambar Animasi Bergerak Lucu Jakarta Banjir. 8 Aplikasi Wedding Android Untuk Pernikahan. Harga Huawei Mate 9 Pro – Spesifikasi Januari 2018. Kumpulan Base COC TH 6 Terbaik Dan Terkuat. Kumpulan Gambar Dp BBM Bergerak Presiden SBY. Copyright © 2014 - 2017 @ www.TeknoKita.com |. Tentang Tekno Kita - Privacy - Terms - Disclaimer - Contact Us - Index. 
