The power-efficient 6-inch Full HD display of the Meizu M3 Max is based on IPS technology for sharp and vivid color rendering and provides you with a great viewing experience without straining your eyes.. 4100mAh battery Power for the whole day. 10.2 hours of video playback. Get through the day without worrying about recharging with the large 4100mAh battery.. With a whopping 3GB of RAM and 64GB of internal storage, the M3 Max provides you with more than enough space and memory for everything you need on the go. The internal storage can be further extended by up to 128GB.. The metal body of the M3 Max is manufactured using cutting-edge technologies such as double CNC highlighting and nano-injection molding to ensure smooth design and high durability.. The fast octa-core processor of the M3 Max with a peak frequency of up to 1.8GHz combines power and efficiency for all applications.. 13-megapixel rear camera 5-megapixel front camera. The rear camera is powered by a premium 13-megapixel SONY CMOS sensor, a wide Æ/2.2 aperture and a natural dual LED flash for stunning photos under all lighting conditions. For great selfies, you have the 5-megapixel front camera with a Æ/2.0 aperture.Streamlined and elegant design without a camera bump.. Our improved mTouch fingerprint sensor allows you to quickly and reliably unlock the M3 Max without wasting time on entering a password.. The M3 Max supports the mCharge fast charging technology for safe and fast charging without decreasing the battery lifespan. The battery can be charged to 45% charge in just 30 minutes.. 9 am - 9 pm GTM+8. Â©2017 Meizu Telecom Equipment Co., Ltd. Please select your country or region. 
GSM 850 / 900 / 1800 / 1900 - SIM 1 & SIM 2. 163.4 x 81.6 x 7.9 mm (6.43 x 3.21 x 0.31 in). Hybrid Dual SIM (Nano-SIM, dual stand-by). IPS LCD capacitive touchscreen, 16M colors. 6.0 inches, 99.2 cm 2 (~74.4% screen-to-body ratio). 1080 x 1920 pixels, 16:9 ratio (~367 ppi density). Octa-core (4x1.8 GHz Cortex-A53 & 4x1.0 GHz Cortex-A53). microSD, up to 256 GB (uses SIM 2 slot). 13 MP (f/2.2, 1/3"), phase detection autofocus, dual-LED dual-tone flash. - Active noise cancellation with dedicated mic. Fingerprint (front-mounted), accelerometer, gyro, proximity, compass. SMS(threaded view), MMS, Email, Push Mail, IM. - Fast battery charging: 50% in 30 min (mCharge). Champagne Gold, Silver, Gray, Rose Gold. Basemark OS II: 1009 / Basemark OS II 2.0: 335 Basemark X: 5219. Contrast ratio: 976:1 (nominal), 2.447 (sunlight). Voice 62dB / Noise 70dB / Ring 84dB. We can not guarantee that the information on this page is 100% correct. Meizu M3 Max - user opinions and reviews. Forces you to expose your personal data and contacts to the cloud. Most android applications don't run or crash on the Flyme OS. You have to wait a year for Nougat .. and most of the features t.... I used mine like 7 months and working perfectly. "Does this phone have hearting problem?" what do you mean??? It won't hurt anybody. And if you want to know whether it becomes heat while useing, I can answer that it won't heat much. If you use for gaming or some heavy use the battery may heat a bit.... Samsung Apple Nokia Sony LG HTC Motorola Huawei Microsoft Lenovo Xiaomi Google Acer Asus Oppo OnePlus Meizu BlackBerry Alcatel ZTE Toshiba Vodafone Energizer XOLO Lava Micromax BLU Gionee vivo LeEco Panasonic HP YU verykool Maxwest Plum. Meizu M5 Note Xiaomi Mi Max 2 Huawei Honor Note 8 Meizu M3 Note Xiaomi Redmi Note 4 Meizu MX6. Meizu M6s Meizu M6 Note Meizu Pro 7 Plus Meizu M5 Meizu M3 Note Meizu M2. 
Home Shop MWC News Reviews Features Opinions Videos The Gadgets 360 Show Cell Guru Prime Tech Smartphone Reviews Tech and Gadget Reviews How-To Videos Video Game Reviews and Features Top Lists by Gadgets 360 Unboxing and Hands-On Videos Podcasts Compare Mobiles Phone Finder DEALS. Mobiles Tablets Apps Gaming Cameras PC/Laptops AUDIO/VIDEO How To Telecom Science INDIA INTERNET SOCIAL MEDIA WEARABLES हिंदी. Acer Adcom Alcatel Apple Archos Asus BlackBerry Blu Celkon Coolpad Datawind Fly Gionee HTC Huawei iBall iBerry Idea InFocus Intex iVoomi Jivi Karbonn Lava LeEco Lenovo LG Lyf Maxx Mobile Meizu Micromax Microsoft Motorola MTS Nokia Obi Oppo Panasonic Philips Ringing Bells Samsung Sony Spice Swipe Videocon Vivo Wickedleak Xiaomi Xolo Yu Zen Ziox Zopo ZTE. Home Mobiles Phone Finder Meizu M3 Max. Share on Facebook Tweet Share Share Email Reddit. Meizu M3 Max smartphone was launched in September 2016. The phone comes with a 6.00-inch touchscreen display with a resolution of 1080 pixels by 1920 pixels at a PPI of 368 pixels per inch. The Meizu M3 Max is powered by 1GHz octa-core MediaTek Helio P10 processor and it comes with 3GB of RAM. The phone packs 64GB of internal storage that can be expanded up to 128GB via a microSD card. As far as the cameras are concerned, the Meizu M3 Max packs a 13-megapixel primary camera on the rear and a 5-megapixel front shooter for selfies. The Meizu M3 Max runs Android 6.0 and is powered by a 4100mAh non removable battery. It measures 163.40 x 81.60 x 7.90 (height x width x thickness) and weigh 189.00 grams. The Meizu M3 Max is a dual SIM (GSM and GSM) smartphone that accepts Nano-SIM and Nano-SIM. Connectivity options include Wi-Fi, GPS, Bluetooth, 3G and 4G. Sensors on the phone include Compass Magnetometer, Proximity sensor, Accelerometer, Ambient light sensor and Gyroscope.. Release date September 2016 Form factor Touchscreen Dimensions (mm) 163.40 x 81.60 x 7.90 Weight (g) 189.00 Battery capacity (mAh) 4100 Removable battery No. Screen size (inches) 6.00 Touchscreen Yes Resolution 1080x1920 pixels Pixels per inch (PPI) 368. Processor 1GHz octa-core Processor make MediaTek Helio P10 RAM 3GB Internal storage 64GB Expandable storage Yes Expandable storage type microSD Expandable storage up to (GB) 128. Rear camera 13-megapixel Rear Flash Dual LED Front camera 5-megapixel. Operating System Android 6.0 Skin Flyme 5.2. Wi-Fi Yes Wi-Fi standards supported 802.11 a/b/g/n GPS Yes Bluetooth Yes, v 4.10 NFC No Infrared No USB OTG No Headphones 3.5mm FM No Number of SIMs 2 SIM 1 SIM Type Nano-SIM GSM/CDMA GSM 3G Yes 4G/ LTE Yes Supports 4G in India (Band 40) No SIM 2 SIM Type Nano-SIM GSM/CDMA GSM 3G Yes 4G/ LTE Yes Supports 4G in India (Band 40) No. Compass/ Magnetometer Yes Proximity sensor Yes Accelerometer Yes Ambient light sensor Yes Gyroscope Yes Barometer No Temperature sensor No. Error or missing information? Please let us know. User ratings and reviews for Meizu M3 Max. 0 Out of 5. 5 Star 4 Star 3 Star 2 Star 1 Star. Meizu M6s Meizu M6 Meizu M6 Note Meizu Pro 7 Plus Meizu Pro 7 Meizu A5 Meizu M5c Meizu E2 Meizu M5s Meizu M5 Note Meizu Pro 6 Plus Meizu M3X Meizu Pro 6s Meizu M5 Meizu U20 Meizu U10 Meizu M3E Meizu MX6 Meizu m3s Meizu m3 Meizu Pro 6 Meizu m3 note Meizu MX5e Meizu Pro 5 Ubuntu Edition Meizu metal Meizu Pro 5 Meizu m2 Meizu MX5 Meizu MX4 Ubuntu Edition. Xiaomi Redmi 3s Plus vs. Xiaomi Mi 5s Plus vs. Xiaomi Redmi Note 4 Meizu M3 Max vs. Huawei Honor Note 8 Meizu M3 Max vs. Meizu Pro 6 Meizu M3 Max vs. Acer Liquid Z6 Plus Coolpad Note 5 vs. Xiaomi Redmi Note 3 vs. Coolpad Note 3 Meizu M3 Max vs. Zte Axon 7 Mini vs. Samsung Galaxy J7 Prime vs. Xiaomi Redmi Note 3 Meizu M3 Max vs. Meizu M3 Lenovo Z2 Plus vs. Asus Zenfone Go Zb450kl vs. Apple iPhone 6s Plus Lava 4g Connect M1 vs. Motorola Moto X Play Meizu M3 Max vs. Nokia 7 Plus Is an Android One Phone With Dual Rear Cameras, Zeiss Optics Samsung Galaxy S9, Galaxy S9+ With Improved Cameras, AR Emoji Launched Samsung Galaxy S9, Galaxy S9+ Pre-Orders Now Open in India Nokia 7 Plus vs Nokia 7 Nokia 8110 4G Is a 'Slider' Feature Phone With Google, Facebook Apps Sony Unveils Xperia Ear Duo to Answer Apple AirPods, Samsung Gear IconX This Is When the New Nokia Phones Will Launch in India OnePlus 5, OnePlus 5T HD Content Streaming Issue Fixed, With a Catch Vodafone to Offer 4.5GB Data Per Day for 28 Days at Rs. 799: Report Mi MIX 2S With Snapdragon 845 Confirmed by Xiaomi; Launching on March 27. Samsung phones price list Lyf phones price list Micromax phones price list Sony phones price list Htc phones price list Lenovo phones price list Intex phones price list Lava phones price list Apple phones price list Nokia phones price list Xolo phones price list Lg phones price list Vivo phones price list Oppo phones price list Gionee phones price list Motorola phones price list Blackberry phones price list Xiaomi phones price list. Sitemaps Archives Advertise About Us Feedback Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions Complaint Redressal Careers Contact Us RSS Ethics Meizu M3 Max in Hindi. © Copyright Red Pixels Ventures Limited 2018. Subject Comments. 
Our new search experience requires JavaScript to be enabled. Please enable JavaScript on your browser , then try again .. All Categories Antiques Art Baby Books Business & Industrial Cameras & Photo Cell Phones & Accessories Clothing, Shoes & Accessories Coins & Paper Money Collectibles Computers/Tablets & Networking Consumer Electronics Crafts Dolls & Bears DVDs & Movies eBay Motors Entertainment Memorabilia Gift Cards & Coupons Health & Beauty Home & Garden Jewelry & Watches Music Musical Instruments & Gear Pet Supplies Pottery & Glass Real Estate Specialty Services Sporting Goods Sports Mem, Cards & Fan Shop Stamps Tickets & Experiences Toys & Hobbies Travel Video Games & Consoles Everything Else. Hi ( Sign in to bid or buy) Daily Deals Gift Cards Help & Contact Sell. Summary Recently Viewed Bids/Offers Watch List Purchase History Selling Saved Searches Saved Sellers Messages. Refine your search for meizu m3 max. All Listings - Current page. results for meizu m3 max. Save meizu m3 max to get e-mail alerts and updates on your eBay Feed.. Unfollow meizu m3 max to stop getting updates on your eBay Feed.. You'll receive email and Feed alerts when new items arrive. Afghanistan - AFG Albania - ALB Algeria - DZA American Samoa - ASM Andorra - AND Angola - AGO Anguilla - AIA Antigua and Barbuda - ATG Argentina - ARG Armenia - ARM Aruba - ABW Australia - AUS Austria - AUT Azerbaijan Republic - AZE Bahamas - BHS Bahrain - BHR Bangladesh - BGD Barbados - BRB Belarus - BLR Belgium - BEL Belize - BLZ Benin - BEN Bermuda - BMU Bhutan - BTN Bolivia - BOL Bosnia and Herzegovina - BIH Botswana - BWA Brazil - BRA British Virgin Islands - VGB Brunei Darussalam - BRN Bulgaria - BGR Burkina Faso - BFA Burma - MMR Burundi - BDI Cambodia - KHM Cameroon - CMR Canada - CAN Cape Verde Islands - CPV Cayman Islands - CYM Central African Republic - CAF Chad - TCD Chile - CHL China - CHN Colombia - COL Comoros - COM Congo, Democratic Republic of the - COD Congo, Republic of the - COG Cook Islands - COK Costa Rica - CRI Cote d Ivoire (Ivory Coast) - CIV Croatia, Republic of - HRV Cyprus - CYP Czech Republic - CZE Denmark - DNK Djibouti - DJI Dominica - DMA Dominican Republic - DOM Ecuador - ECU Egypt - EGY El Salvador - SLV Equatorial Guinea - GNQ Eritrea - ERI Estonia - EST Ethiopia - ETH Falkland Islands (Islas Malvinas) - FLK Fiji - FJI Finland - FIN France - FRA French Guiana - GUF French Polynesia - PYF Gabon Republic - GAB Gambia - GMB Georgia - GEO Germany - DEU Ghana - GHA Gibraltar - GIB Greece - GRC Greenland - GRL Grenada - GRD Guadeloupe - GLP Guam - GUM Guatemala - GTM Guernsey - GGY Guinea - GIN Guinea-Bissau - GNB Guyana - GUY Haiti - HTI Honduras - HND Hong Kong - HKG Hungary - HUN Iceland - ISL India - IND Indonesia - IDN Ireland - IRL Israel - ISR Italy - ITA Jamaica - JAM Japan - JPN Jersey - JEY Jordan - JOR Kazakhstan - KAZ Kenya - KEN Kiribati - KIR Korea, South - KOR Kuwait - KWT Kyrgyzstan - KGZ Laos - LAO Latvia - LVA Lebanon - LBN Liechtenstein - LIE Lithuania - LTU Luxembourg - LUX Macau - MAC Macedonia - MKD Madagascar - MDG Malawi - MWI Malaysia - MYS Maldives - MDV Mali - MLI Malta - MLT Marshall Islands - MHL Martinique - MTQ Mauritania - MRT Mauritius - MUS Mayotte - MYT Mexico - MEX Micronesia - FSM Moldova - MDA Monaco - MCO Mongolia - MNG Montenegro - MNE Montserrat - MSR Morocco - MAR Mozambique - MOZ Namibia - NAM Nauru - NRU Nepal - NPL Netherlands - NLD Netherlands Antilles - ANT New Caledonia - NCL New Zealand - NZL Nicaragua - NIC Niger - NER Nigeria - NGA Niue - NIU Norway - NOR Oman - OMN Pakistan - PAK Palau - PLW Panama - PAN Papua New Guinea - PNG Paraguay - PRY Peru - PER Philippines - PHL Poland - POL Portugal - PRT Puerto Rico - PRI Qatar - QAT Reunion - REU Romania - ROU Russian Federation - RUS Rwanda - RWA Saint Helena - SHN Saint Kitts-Nevis - KNA Saint Lucia - LCA Saint Pierre and Miquelon - SPM Saint Vincent and the Grenadines - VCT San Marino - SMR Saudi Arabia - SAU Senegal - SEN Serbia - SRB Seychelles - SYC Sierra Leone - SLE Singapore - SGP Slovakia - SVK Slovenia - SVN Solomon Islands - SLB Somalia - SOM South Africa - ZAF Spain - ESP Sri Lanka - LKA Suriname - SUR Swaziland - SWZ Sweden - SWE Switzerland - CHE Taiwan - TWN Tajikistan - TJK Tanzania - TZA Thailand - THA Togo - TGO Tonga - TON Trinidad and Tobago - TTO Tunisia - TUN Turkey - TUR Turkmenistan - TKM Turks and Caicos Islands - TCA Tuvalu - TUV Uganda - UGA Ukraine - UKR United Arab Emirates - ARE United Kingdom - UK United States - USA Uruguay - URU Uzbekistan - UZB Vanuatu - VUT Vatican City State - VAT Venezuela - VEN Vietnam - VNM Virgin Islands (U.S) - VIR Wallis and Futuna - WLF Western Sahara - ESH Western Samoa - WSM Yemen - YEM Zambia - ZMB Zimbabwe - ZWE. ShockProof 360 Silicone Matte Slim TPU Case Cover For Meizu M3S/M3 Note/M5 Note. Ultra-Thin Soft Silicone Rubber Back Case Cover For Meizu M3S/M3 Note/M5 Note/M5. Luxury Flip PU Leather View Window Case Cover For Meizu M3S/M3S mini/M3 Note/M5S. For Meizu A5 M3 M5 M6 Note Luxury Slim Window View Flip Leather Case Cover Skin. THIN PLATED SOFT BACK CASE COVER FOR MEIZU M2 M3 M5 NOTE MAX MX4 MX5 MX6 PRO U20. For Meizu M3 Max Meilan Max 6.0 Vintage Palace PU Leather Buckle Case Cover Flip. 360° Shockproof Transparent Silicone Soft TPU Back Case Cover For Meizu Meilan. 2X Screen Protector REAL Tempered Glass Film For Meizu Pro6/MX6/M2 Note/M3 Max. Shockproof 3D Cute Cartoon Soft Silicone Gel Rubber Case Skin Cover For MeiZu. 6.0For Meizu M3 Max Case For Meizu M3 Max Meilan Max Cell Phone Back Cover Case. For iPhone Samsung Huawei Oneplus Meizu Xiaomi Asus Sony LG 3D Screen Protector. For Meizu M1 M2 M3 M3S mini Max Meilan 2 Note Crocodile PU Leather Case Cover. Phone Case Bling Diamond 3D Rhinestone Luxury Glitter tassel Design Cover Skin M. Tempered Glass For Meizu M6 M5 M5S M3 M3S Note Full Cover Screen Protective Film. For Meizu M3s M5 M5s Mini M3 Max Case Soft TPU Silicone Back Cover Linear Skins. For Meizu M3s M5 M5s Mini M3 Max Case Soft TPU Silicone Back Cute Christmas. For Meizu M3s M5 M5s Mini M3 Max Case Soft TPU Silicone Back Cover Cats Friends. For Meizu M3s M5 M5s Mini M3 Max Case Soft TPU Silicone Back Cover Hot Texts. Case For Meizu MX6 Pro M3 Max U10 Soft TPU Silicone Phone Back Cover Funny Dog. Bling Glitter Lip Quicksand goblet Soft Back Phone Dynamic Liquid Case & strap P. Cool Shockproof Metal Aluminum Skin Hard Nove Case Frame Bumper Cover For Simon. For Meizu M3s M5 M5s Mini M3 Max Case Soft TPU Silicone Back Cover Skins Dessert. For Meizu M3s M5 M5s Mini M3 Max Case Soft TPU Silicone Back Cover Skins Floral. Cases For Meizu M3 MAX Soft TPU Silicone Skins Protective Back Covers Lemon. Cases For Meizu M3 MAX Soft TPU Silicone Skins Protective Back Covers Dresses. For Meizu Meilan U10 M3 Note 5s Case Magnetic Silk PU Leather Stand Window Cover. For Meizu M3 Max Meilan Max 3D Carved Dragon Soft Rubber Armor Case Cover Gray. For Meizu M3 Max Meilan Max 6.0" Christmas Plastic Case Cover Tower Butterfly. Slim Frosted PC Matte Ultra-Thin Rubberized PC Hard Back Phone Cover Case Skin. For Meizu M3 Max Meilan Max 6.0" Retro Weave Knit Leather Stand Flip Case Cover. Dynamic Liquid Glitter Quicksand Soft TPU Rubber Back Case Cover & neck strap #L. Jewelled Bling Crystal Full Rhinestone Diamond Soft TPU Back phone cover case C3. For Meizu M3S M5C M5 Note Luxury Slim Matte Shockproof PC Hard Back Case Cover. For Meizu M3 Max Meilan Max 6.0" Luxury Palace Flower PU Leather Case Cover Flip. Luxury Bling Diamond Crystal Ring Holder stand Soft Case Cover & neck strap #H8. For Meizu M3 Max Meilan Max 6.0" Hard Plastic Case Cover Butterfly Windbell Owl. For Meizu M3 Max Meilan Max 3D Carved Dragon Soft Silicone Case Cover Shockproof. Cases For Meizu M3 MAX Soft TPU Silicone Skins Protective Back Covers Moonwalk. Cases For Meizu M3 MAX Soft TPU Silicone Skins Protective Back Covers Fruits. Cases For Meizu M3 MAX Soft TPU Silicone Skins Protective Back Covers Mouse Bus. Cases For Meizu M3 MAX Soft TPU Silicone Skins Protective Back Covers Colors Owl. Cases For Meizu M3 MAX Soft TPU Silicone Skins Protective Back Covers Pocket. Cases For Meizu M3 MAX Soft TPU Silicone Skins Protective Back Covers Calm. Cases For Meizu M3 MAX Soft TPU Silicone Skins Protective Back Covers Flower. Cases For Meizu M3 MAX Soft TPU Silicone Skins Protective Back Covers Bohemia. Cases For Meizu M3 MAX Soft TPU Silicone Skins Protective Back Covers Butterfly. Cases For Meizu M3 MAX Soft TPU Silicone Skins Protective Back Covers Flowers. Cases For Meizu M3 MAX Soft TPU Silicone Skins Protective Back Covers Music. Cases For Meizu M3 MAX Soft TPU Silicone Skins Protective Back Covers Fun Bra. Cases For Meizu M3 MAX Soft TPU Silicone Skins Protective Back Covers Cut Pets. eBay determines this price through a machine learned model of the product's sale prices within the last 90 days.. eBay determines trending price through a machine learned model of the product’s sale prices within the last 90 days. "New" refers to a brand-new, unused, unopened, undamaged item, and "Used" refers to an item that has been used previously.. Top Rated Plus Sellers with highest buyer ratings Returns, money back Ships in a business day with tracking Learn More. Top Rated Plus Sellers with highest buyer ratings Returns, money back Ships in a business day with tracking Learn More. Cell Phones, Smart Watches & Accessories. Cell Phone Cases, Covers & Skins. $ Enter minimum price to $ Enter maximum price. Please enter a minimum and/or maximum price before continuing.. Site Map Copyright © 1995-2018 eBay Inc. Accessibility , User Agreement , Privacy , Cookies and AdChoice Norton Secured - powered by Verisign. Number of bids and bid amounts may be slightly out of date. See each listing for international shipping options and costs.. 
GSM , UMTS , HSPA , LTE. 5, 2016 ; 17 months ago. Flyme OS, based on Android 6.0 Marshmallow. ARM Mali-T860 MP2. microSD slot (up to 128 GB). 4100 mAh Li-Ion rechargeable battery , not replaceable. Multi-touch capacitive touchscreen , A-GPS , GLONASS , Accelerometer , Gyroscope , Proximity sensor , Digital compass , Ambient light sensor. 1080x1920 px (296 ppi ). 13.0 MP , PDAF autofocus , ƒ/2.2 aperture , LED flash, 1080p30 recording. 5.0 MP , ƒ/2.0 aperture. mm TRS connector , Bluetooth 4.1 with BLE , Dual-band WiFi ( 802.11 a / b / g / n / ac ). Dual SIM support with dual standby mode. Hardware and design [ edit ]. The Meizu M3 Max is a smartphone designed and produced by the Chinese manufacturer Meizu , which runs on Flyme OS, Meizu’s modified Android operating system. It is a current phablet model of the M series. It was unveiled on September 5, 2016 in Beijing.. 2.2 Hardware and design. In August, rumors about a new phablet Meizu device appeared after the company released some teasers for a new device mentioning that it will be a device containing “Max” in the product name. At the same point, invitations containing a Nokia device for a Meizu launch event on September 5, 2016 had been sent out. On August 26, 2016, several leaked photos of the upcoming phablet device had been released. As announced, the M3 Max was released in Beijing on August 10, 2016.. Pre-orders for the M3 Max began after the launch event on August 10, 2016.. The Meizu M3 Max was released with an updated version of Flyme OS, a modified operating system based on Android Marshmallow. It features an alternative, flat design and improved one-handed usability.. The Meizu M3 Max features a MediaTek Helio P10 system-on-a-chip with an array of eight ARM Cortex-A53 CPU cores, an ARM Mali-T860 MP2 GPU and 3 GB of RAM .. The M3 Max is available in four different colors (grey, silver, champagne gold and rose gold) and comes with 3 GB of RAM and 32 GB of internal storage.. The Meizu M3 Max has a full-metal body, which measures 163.4. It has a slate form factor , being rectangular with rounded corners and has only one central physical button at the front. Unlike most other Android smartphones, the M3 Max doesn’t have capacitive buttons nor on-screen buttons. The functionality of these keys is implemented using a technology called mBack, which makes use of gestures with the physical button. The M3 Max further extends this button by a fingerprint sensor called mTouch.. The M3 Max features a fully laminated 6-inch IPS multi-touch capacitive touchscreen display with a FHD resolution of 1080 by 1920 pixels. The pixel density of the display is 296 ppi.. In addition to the touchscreen input and the front key, the device has volume/zoom control buttons and the power/lock button on the right side, a 3.5mm TRS audio jack on the top and a microUSB (Micro-B type) port on the bottom for charging and connectivity.. The Meizu M3 Max has two cameras. The rear camera has a resolution of 13 MP , a ƒ/2.2 aperture, a 5-element lens, phase-detection autofocus and an LED flash. The front camera has a resolution of 5 MP , a ƒ/2.0 aperture and a 4-element lens.. ^ "Meizu M3 Max website". ^ "Meizu Max To Land On Sept. 5th, Is This Meizu's New Phablet?". ^ "Official: Meizu 'E' Smartphone Launching On August 10th". Categories : Android (operating system) devices Mobile phones introduced in 2016 Touchscreen mobile phones Smartphones Meizu. Hidden categories: Pages using deprecated image syntax. Not logged in Talk Contributions Create account Log in. Main page Contents Featured content Current events Random article Donate to Wikipedia Wikipedia store. Help About Wikipedia Community portal Recent changes Contact page. What links here Related changes Upload file Special pages Permanent link Page information Wikidata item Cite this page. Create a book Download as PDF Printable version. This page was last edited on 14 October 2016, at 14:27. Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License ;. By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc. 
Press enter or click on the search icon. Performance, camera, battery life and verdict. What is the Meizu M3 Max?. Meizu’s M3 Max is the largest member of the Meizu M3 family of devices, and while it offers a mammoth panel, it has a number of other appealing specs and features for anyone wanting to maximise performance for the budget.. The result is a phone that’s in a similar class to the Nexus 6P and Huawei’s new Mate 9 by virtue of the size of the display alone. The simple fact is that if you want a 6-inch or larger handset, there aren’t too many available in the UK. Opting for a slightly smaller display and less prestigious brand brings options such as the Vivo 6 and Honor 5x into play too.. Meizu doesn’t have the same kind of brand appeal as more established names such as Samsung, Apple or Sony, but with the cost of smartphones continuing to fall as specs lists become ever more impressive, there’s more reason than ever to consider a relatively unknown brand. Can the M3 Max live up to its promises on paper? We’ve been putting it through its paces to find out.. The Meizu M3 Max is the latest in a long line of metal chassis devices from the Chinese handset maker, and follows a general industry trend towards delivering unibody designs.. The end result isn’t a handset that stands out particularly for its appearance, but in itself that’s something of an achievement – a 6-inch display really is quite large, so finding a way to make it look more or less normal is impressive still.. The Meizu M3 Max doesn’t bring anything out of the ordinary in the appearance department, but that’s more a testament to how successfully different manufacturers have overcome design challenges to deliver slimline handsets with specs that still impress as a matter of course. That’s to say, there’s certainly nothing unappealing about the M3 Max, but it isn’t going to win any awards either.. Officially, it measures 163.4 x 81.6 x 7.9mm and weighs in at 189g. While it’s certainly slim enough, it’s probably a little too large for a comfortable one-hand experience. It wasn’t too much of a problem for me, but anyone with small-ish hands will find it a bit of a reach.. For comparison, the Nexus 6 – which also offers a 6-inch display – is a little shorter, but wider and thicker at 159.3 x 83 x 10.1mm; it’s 5g lighter, however, due to its mostly plastic body. If you were considering the 5.9-inch display of the Huawei Mate 9 instead, that handset weighs pretty much the same as the Meizu M3 Max but is a little shorter and narrower, and therefore easier to handle. On the rear is a 13-megapixel, f/2.2 wide-angle camera with phase detection autofocus and dual-LED flash. On the front sits a 5-megapixel (f/2.0) sensor for video-calling and selfies. Down the right side of the M3 Max is a single-piece volume rocker, with a power button just below. As has become somewhat standard now for mid-range phones or higher, there’s a fingerprint sensor within the home button for biometric access.. Get news, competitions and special offers direct to your inbox. By submitting your information, you agree to the Terms & Conditions and Privacy & Cookies Policy .. Please keep me up to date with special offers and news from Trusted Reviews and other brands within the Time Inc. You can unsubscribe at any time.. We'd also like to send you special offers and news just by email from other carefully selected companies we think you might like. Your personal details will not be shared with those companies - we send the emails and you can unsubscribe at any time. Please tick here if you are happy to receive these messages.. Terms & Conditions and Privacy & Cookies Policy. Tucked away as part of the SIM tray, you get a microSD expansion slot to expand the 64GB of onboard memory. Keeping it all ticking over is a MediaTek Helio 10 Octa-Core processor, 3GB of RAM and a non-removable 4,100mAh battery. I’d prefer that the 3.5mm headphone port wasn’t at the bottom of the phone – but at least it has one.. Grabbing the most attention is the huge 6-inch 1080p (1,920 x 1,080 pixels) IPS LCD panel, which delivers 368ppi. In reality, that’s just about acceptable for a panel of this size, but phones as large as the M3 Max tend to perform better with a higher-resolution display, to avoid blockiness or jagged images when watching movies or playing games.. As a result, it isn’t as sharp as it could be, but it’s perfectly acceptable – and you won’t see the aforementioned blockiness. Gaming, too, was mostly a smooth experience.. Similarly, the large display is well-suited to viewing from off-centre thanks to the IPS panel, and colours are represented accurately. It’s also plenty bright enough to make your favourite movies pop with colour. It isn’t exactly an ideal gaming phone, though. Thankfully, given its size, the bezels on the left and right side of the screen are relatively small, making it narrower than it otherwise could have been.. The Meizu M3 Max uses the company’s proprietary Flyme UI to sit atop Android, but the version we were sent for review is the Chinese language build, which means there was a bunch of pre-installed bloatware that not only took up space, but also consistently bombarded me with Chinese notifications that weren’t changeable – despite all language and input settings having been set to English.. A spokesperson for the company told us that any version sold in the UK comes with the international build of the OS, which means you shouldn’t have these problems.. If you do end up in the same spot, changing the language and input to UK is possible across the whole phone, but you’ll still receive notifications in Chinese from apps and services you don’t use – unless you uninstall them, or find a way of disabling them, which is a bit of a hassle for a new phone.. Putting that aside and assuming you buy a version with the European build of Flyme that runs on Google Marshmallow, you’ll have to re-learn a couple of things to find your way around.. Most notably, there’s no app drawer (as a personal preference, I prefer a UI that has one since it’s less effort to keep your homescreen tidy). Plus, to access your currently open apps you’ll need to swipe up from the bottom of the display on either side of the home button.. Swiping down from the top of the display gives you the regular notifications bar and quick shortcuts.. Perhaps the biggest omission from Flyme on a phone of this size is the lack of a dedicated one-hand mode. That means that you’ll find yourself stretching your hand across your display a lot, or using two hands.. There is a mode that enables a permanent onscreen toggle, which by default lets you pull down the notifications bar, access recent/open apps and jump straight to the homescreen. Tapping this SmartTouch control will take you back a step in whatever you were doing.. Since there’s no back button on the phone, if you’re not using the SmartTouch control and want to jump back a step, you need to swipe to the left across the home button, which will do the same thing.. Aside from that, it’s hard to comment on the pre-installed software. Items such as the calculator, maps and note-taking apps don’t provide any real benefit over using standard Google options.. Next Performance, camera, battery life and verdict. Trusted Reviews is part of Time Inc. (UK) Ltd Fashion & Beauty Network. 
The best way to stay connected to the Android pulse. Our main newsletter is the Android Weekly which is sent every Sunday and contains all the top Android news, reviews and features from the past week.. The best way to stay connected to the Android pulse.. 100% Privacy, No Spam Policy: We value privacy and your email address will be 100% secure. We hate spam just like you do and will never send you too much email, nor will we ever share your information with anyone.. by Bailey Stein January 18, 2017. Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus.. Nice storage options (64 GB + microSD card expansion). Although the M3 Max is shipping with polished software, great battery life, and excellent build quality, we cannot recommend it over similarly sized alternative options. The M3 Max may do well in some categories, but offers nothing exciting in performance, camera quality, or availability.. It could be better in some areas such as sunlight readability or viewing angles, but it’s important to keep in mind the phone’s price. This is clearly placed in low-to-midrange territory, so it would be a bit unreasonable to expect something like a Quad HD AMOLED panel.. Chinese smartphone manufacturer Meizu may not have the same level of global brand recognition as Huawei or Xiaomi , but that hasn’t stopped them from releasing great affordable smartphones like the M3 Note. While most new smartphones tend to have screen sizes around 5.5″, Meizu’s recently released M3 Max takes it up a notch to 6.0″ for a theoretically better media consumption experience.. So, is the M3 Max the new king of the large-smartphone market? Or does it fall short in key areas? Let’s take a deep dive with our comprehensive Meizu M3 Max review!. The M3 Max’s design doesn’t pack any big surprises, but that shouldn’t be taken as a negative. Just as is the case with most Meizu device we’ve used, build quality is excellent. The phone’s body is constructed entirely of a metal unibody, which offers a solid and tank-like feel.. The cold feel of aluminum and well polished looks of the M3 Max are also difficult to ignore. The chamfered edges and subtle antenna lines are nice touches, and although the overall design can seem generic and iPhone-like, there’s no doubt that it showcases a level of “premium-ness” that has been steadily creeping into this price category.. There are a few drawbacks to this design, however. The side-to-back chamfers are simply not enough to disguise the M3 Max’s boxy uncurved body, and the side buttons are not tactilely differentiated, making it somewhat difficult to find the correct button.. The phone’s larger size is also an important factor to consider, as it can make one-handed use quite challenging. With that said, this could also be considered a positive, as the M3 Max’s 6.0″ display is very nice for watching videos or playing games. It’s an inevitable trade-off, but one that will surely please some while disappointing others.. Instead of utilizing the three-key layout found on many other Android smartphones, the M3 Max incorporates a single physical home button that functions as both home and back. Meizu calls it mTouch, and, although it does take a day or two to get used to, it’s an ingenious way of handling navigation: press down for home, tap for back.. mTouch is an ingenious way of handling navigation. The physical home button also functions as a fast and accurate fingerprint reader. This is an increasingly indispensable feature, and Meizu’s implementation is excellent.. You may be wondering, “but what do I do for multitasking?” Well, for multitasking, you simply swipe up from the bezel on either side of the home button. The menu scales into place as you swipe up, revealing the open apps. It feels like a much more intuitive way of interacting with the phone compared to a traditional layout.. The M3 Max redeems its name with its very large 6.0″ 1080P IPS display. This display isn’t overly impressive, but certainly does the job. It’s reasonably bright for indoor use, offers fairly accurate color reproduction, and is great for what the phone is designed for: media.. It's important to keep in mind the phone's price. On a somewhat different note, the phone’s front glass seemed to collect fingerprints more readily than other phones that I’ve recently tested. This is very much a minor issue, but it may be something you want to keep in mind.. Unfortunately, the M3 Max’s Mediatek Helio P10 delivers disappointing performance. Although the processor is octa-core, it’s one of Mediatek’s lowest-end chips, offering performance similar to what was available in 2012.. This is not only reflected in benchmark scores, but also in real world performance; the phone lags and is general sluggish quite frequently. For example, in our testing, the phone would sometimes refuse to wake from sleep for anywhere from ten to thirty seconds; this happened about once per day. While we can forgive just a bit of slow performance at this price point, the M3 Max exceeds what we would consider acceptable.. Also, while 3 GB of RAM is nice to see, FlyMe’s memory management can feel a bit aggressive at times. This is quite minor though in comparison.. For the GPU, we’re looking at a Mali-T860, which offers mediocre gaming performance. It won’t outdo phones like the Xiaomi Mi Max , but it does perform well enough for most high-end games. Just don’t be surprised to find slightly slower load times and a few more general hiccups than some comparably priced offerings.. Similar to most Chinese smartphones, the M3 Max offers dual SIM support for up to two individual cell phone lines. Although the phone supports up to 4G LTE in official markets, it may not work properly in others. In the United States, for example, the M3 Max is only partially compatible with 3G on both AT&T and T-Mobile. This may be a major drawback if you plan on importing the device or traveling internationally.. For storage, the M3 Max provides 64 GB on board, which we were very happy to see. If that isn’t enough, you can also substitute one SIM card for a microSD card, up to 128 GB. This is always a great option to have, especially in a phone designed for media consumption.. For wireless connectivity, the M3 Max supports Bluetooth 4.1 and 802.11n Wi-Fi. The Wi-Fi range is weaker than comparable devices, which may be because of the phone’s lack of 802.11ac support. This may be an issue if you already have Wi-Fi range issues in your household.. The Wi-Fi range is weaker than comparable devices. The phone’s external speaker can be found on the bottom of the phone, to the right of the charging port. The overall quality is about what we expected; although it gets loud enough for most environments, it sounds a bit distorted, especially at higher volumes. You’ll want to consider this especially if you plan on watching videos without headphones or some other external sound setup.. With a 4,100 mAh battery, it’s no surprise that the M3 Max offers great battery life. Although it may not be the best available for this size, it’s still considerably above average, meaning that you should have no trouble getting the phone to last a full day.. Please do keep in mind that our tests were conducted while the phone was connected to 3G, since the phone is not compatible with LTE in the United States. Still, these results indicate that you should expect at least 4.5 hours of screen on time with a full day of use, even with moderate to heavy usage.. The M3 Max supports Meizu’s proprietary mCharge technology, for a 45% charge in 30 minutes. This is quite fast considering the battery size, but we wish extra and car chargers were more accessible and ubiquitous.. The microUSB charging port is also outdated at this point, and we wish Meizu would have adopted the new reversible USB Type-C standard. To be fair, however, this may have been done intentionally so buyers wouldn’t have to replace their existing charging cables.. For the rear camera, the Meizu M3 Max is equipped with a 13 MP Sony IMX258 sensor. Picture quality is about average for this price category: it’s decent, but far from great.. In scenes with bright lighting, images are produced with generally good color reproduction and decent dynamic range. Images are punchy enough without feeling oversaturated, too. However, many images appear grainy, despite good lighting. The post processing also seemed to struggle with bright colors, most notably pink and red.. Images are also generally soft, and autofocus can be surprisingly hit or miss. Even when tapping the screen to focus, the camera sometimes refused to focus correctly. It’s unlikely that this negatively affected photo sharpness in all images, however, as every shot appeared at least a bit soft.. We also noticed that the camera was relatively slow to capture images. This might not be an issue for many scenarios, but if you want to capture a very specific moment, this can become a very annoying limitation.. As expected, the camera struggles even more in lower lighting. Many images are distractingly grainy and colors often appear more muted than in better lit conditions. Autofocus also seems to struggle even more in these conditions, resulting in some awfully soft photos.. Sadly, the M3 Max is limited to 1080p video capture, so you won’t be able to record sharper 4K footage like you can with some other competing options. This probably won’t be a deal breaker, but it is definitely something to keep in mind if you’d like to capture high quality video.. On a positive note, Meizu’s camera app is an absolute pleasure to use. It offers a good amount of control without feeling overly complicated, and we didn’t have any issues with the shooting experience.. The M3 Max is shipping with Meizu’s FlyMe OS on top of Android 6.0 Marshmallow. It is important to understand that Meizu follows a somewhat different update model than some other manufacturers. Instead of relying on third parties for support for newer versions of Android, Meizu frequently updates its FlyMe skin with new features and refinements, oftentimes for up to two years after a phone release.. This might sound frustrating to a Western user, but we have to give Meizu credit for adding new features often and sometimes even before Google. With the M3 Max, for example, you’ll still be getting split screen multitasking as well as a myriad of other cool features.. We have to give Meizu credit for adding new features often and sometimes even before Google. The actual software experience may also seem jarring to an outsider. The iOS-inspired UI and lack of an app drawer are admittedly uncommon in Western skins. With that said, FlyMe is one of the best Android skins we’ve used. It’s certainly a different take on Android, but that doesn’t make it a bad experience.. The amount of polish that can be found in FlyMe is truly remarkable. Meizu has worked hard on this skin for the past several years, and it really shows in the day-to-day experience. If you’re looking to try something different, you should really consider this experience.. A word of warning though: it can be a bit quirky for Western users. Meizu has made it easier with a “Hot Apps” screen featuring a single button to install Google services, but some issues persist. In our experience, Hangouts would occasionally refuse to open. Clearing app data didn’t help, and the quickest solution we found was to completely re-install the app.. There’s also issues where the battery optimization just isn’t tailored to Western apps. For example, out of the box, the phone will kill Spotify after the phone is locked for thirty seconds, stopping any music playback. To fix this, you have to go into the app settings and disable optimizations. This is minor, but you should be aware that there will be bumps in the road if you choose to use this phone outside of China.. The Meizu M3 Max is available in China in black, silver, and gold for 1699 yuan or about $245. Pricing varies in other official markets. If you’re looking to import, you should expect the device to cost around $270.. Although the M3 Max is shipping with polished software, great battery life, and excellent build quality, we cannot recommend it over similarly sized alternative options like the Xiaomi Mi Max and ZTE Grand X Max 2. The M3 Max may do well in some categories, but offers nothing exciting in performance, camera quality, or availability.. If you can officially acquire the Xiaomi Mi Max, we recommend that for its better performance, superior camera, and similar software. If not, you’ll want to consider the ZTE Grand X Max 2 for its also better performance, greater availability, and nicer display.. As of the time of writing, the Mi Max can be purchased for around $30 less than the M3 Max at around $220 and the Grand X Max 2 can be found for as low as $150 less at $100. Do keep in mind, however, that these phones also have drawbacks of their own. For example, the Mi Max’s build quality is quite poor, and the Grand X Max 2’s camera is very bad.. Hopefully you found this Meizu M3 Max review informative and we have made your decision at least a little bit easier. We’d like to hear from you: are you planning to purchase the M3 Max? What are your thoughts on Chinese Android skins like Flyme? Let us know in the comment section below!. Your source for all things Android!. © 2018 Android Authority | All Rights Reserved.. 
Meizu M3 Max review: a good battery life just isn’t enough. It's not a bad phone, but Meizu's M3 Max just can't keep up.. It's not a bad phone, but Meizu's M3 Max just can't keep up.. It's not a bad phone, but Meizu's M3 Max just can't keep up.. Flyme OS continues that iPhone-copying tradition. Phone Reviews Product Reviews. The smartphone industry has changed significantly over the past few years. At one time, it was all about making something that could easily fit in your pocket; now the line between tablet and phone blurs with every passing day.. Meizu’s latest device, the M3 Max, embodies that trend, boasting a hefty 6.0-inch display. But does its performance under the hood match its giant look? We took the phone for a spin to find out.. As has been the case with multiple Meizu phones we’ve reviewed over the past few months, the designers of this model clearly took inspiration from a certain fruity product — or in this case the Plus version of one. That this is a blatant iPhone copy isn’t necessarily a bad thing, however: The phone looks great. From its minimalistic, symmetric styling to the extremely thin, nice-feeling profile, the device really screams quality, at least when it comes to design.. Of course, with a 6-inch display and a body measuring 6.42 × 3.21 × 0.31-inches, this phone is an absolute beast, one well and truly into phablet territory. In fact, it’s even bigger than the old Nexus 6 , the whale of a phone Google released with Motorola a few years back. If you’re looking for a big-screened phone, this device has the goods. We recommend trying it out first, though; some might find it too big.. While big, the phone doesn’t feel unwieldy – quite the opposite. Its 0.31-inch thickness helps it feel nice and sleek, especially for someone who’s used to phablet-sized phones. If this is your first phablet, it will take a big of getting used to, but that’s true of any phablet – not just this one.. One of the nice touches to this phone is its symmetry. The camera (which doesn’t sit under a bump), is centered along the back, and even the front-facing camera, which sits on the right of the top speaker, is offset by an ambient light sensor on the left. Details like this really put the phone over the edge and give it that premium look. It’s one thing to copy Apple, but it’s another thing entirely to copy Apple while adding your own spin to the design, as Meizu has done.. Design isn’t the only signal that Meizu was inspired by Apple. Take a look at the phone’s software, an Android 6.0 Marshmallow overlay built by Meizu called Flyme OS, and you’ll see similarities to iOS. For example, there’s no app drawer – instead, all of your apps live on one of the home screen panes. Flyme OS also has a series of tool apps, which came pre-installed in a folder called Flyme Tools.. The device really screams quality, at least when it comes to design.. Some of those tools are actually pretty darn useful. Take for example the Toolbox app itself, which offers a flashlight, level, ruler, and “mirror” (which just uses the front-facing camera) – all in one app that looks great and is easy to use. Sure, some of those things you’ll pull out only once every few months, but they’re nice options to have nonetheless.. Flyme OS seemed slightly less polished on the M3 Max than on other Meizu phones we’ve tested , however. There are multiple spelling or grammar errors, and some elements don’t change language to English. On top of that, the phone came with a ton of apps that are irrelevant to a Western audience. Weibo, Tencent, dianping, and TaoBao all made an appearance, and we promptly placed them at the back of the list or uninstalled them. We can only assume that the review unit we received didn’t have a fully polished version of Flyme OS.. The M3 Max features a MediaTek Helio P10 octa-core processor, which boasts four 1.8GHz Cortex-A53 cores and four 1.0GHz Cortex-A53 cores. Couple it with 3GB of RAM and you have quite a workhorse on your hands — at least on paper.. During day-to-day use, the phone performed well. Sure, there were a few stutters now and then, but nothing to be overly concerned about and nothing more than other top-tier devices on the market.. Unfortunately, day-to-day use is about where performance stops on this phone. The device scored a relatively uninspiring 49,023 on AnTuTu, putting it well below the Pro 5’s 79,952, the LeEco Le2 Pro ’s 94,345, and even the two-year-old Nexus 6’s 75,095. If you’re looking for a mobile gaming companion, this is not the phone for you. One of the M3 Max’s biggest competitors, the similarly priced Xiaomi Mi Max, also far exceeds the M3 Max, sitting at 71,885.. Just because these phones come with a budget price tag doesn’t mean they need to be low-powered – just look at the OnePlus 3 , which boasts a Qualcomm Snapdragon 820 processor at under $400.. It’s important to note that benchmarks aren’t everything. If all you really need to do is message, talk, and maybe do a little web-browsing, you’ll still have plenty of power to do that. Ask for more than that, however, and you might wish you had sprung for something more powerful.. The disappointment continues with the phone’s display. We didn’t have issues with the resolution, despite the fact that it’s only 1080p. The frustration was the fact that its an LCD screen, while other Meizu phones have nicer AMOLED displays. The colors were a little flatter, the display wasn’t as bright, and overall it just wasn’t as impressive.. The difference wasn’t really noticeable until we placed the phone side-by-side with the Meizu Pro 6. – so if you don’t really care about the display you probably won’t notice any issues. If you’re used to higher quality, you’ll probably be disappointed.. The trade-off to a low resolution display is better battery life, and the 4,100mAh battery in this phone certainly does the job. Some enthusiasts were expecting a larger 5,000mAh battery before the phone was officially announced; that would have been overkill. The fact is, this phone lasts well over a day, and into two if you’re conservative with your use. Most people charge their phones every night, and if you’re in that habit you won’t find yourself on the go during the day and out of juice. Add in the quick-charging feature, which fills the battery to 50 percent in 30 minutes, and you’ve got a device that shouldn’t ever run out of battery.. We’ve reviewed a few Meizu phones over the past year, and so far the company has failed to capture our imagination when it comes to the camera. The M3 Max doesn’t change that.. The camera app itself is well laid-out; it offers quick and easy access to features like HDR and gridlines, as well as modes like manual, beauty, macro, and more. That doesn’t mean that the photos you take will be great. That’s not to say that they’re terrible, just that if you’re looking for a device to really get your photography juices flowing, this isn’t it. The 13MP rear-facing camera — which offers an f/2.2 aperture, phase detection autofocus, and a dual-LED flash — is fine for those that simply want to take a snap every now and then, but not much more.. As you can see in our shots, HDR mode does help a little in certain situations, like in low-light. In others, it ends up looking fake and overexposed, so you won’t want to keep HDR mode on permanently. As is also the case with other Meizu phones we’ve tested, zooming in will almost immediately increase noise in your pictures, so don’t expect to be doing much long-range photography.. The front-facing camera is, again, fine for what it offers, but nothing special. The 5MP sensor will do the job for the occasional selfie.. Meizu M3 Max Compared To. Meizu’s phones have a 1 year warranty, under which phones can be fixed free of charge under “normal circumstances.” That warranty, however, is only valid in certain countries including China, India, Malaysia, and some others. To check on your country, ask your phone retailer before you buy the device.. Meizu hasn’t made a bad phone by any means, but it has made one that is easily beat by the competition. Its processing power is especially worrying – if a phone can’t handle the apps of today, then forget about it being future-proof and being able to handle the apps of 2017 and beyond.. The Xiaomi Mi Max a similar size but offers a Snapdragon 650 processor, a 16MP camera, and a 4,850mAh battery — meaning there’s really not much reason to buy this phone unless you’re a die-hard Flyme OS fan who wants a big screen. That’s especially true considering the fact that the Meizu M3 Max comes at 1,699 yuan, which equates to around $252, while the Xiaomi Mi Max comes at 1499 yuan, or around $222. Buy the Mi Max — you’ll save a few bucks and get a better phone, too.. Like most phones, the M3 Max should last around two years, as long as you take care of it. Unfortunately, that time frame is seriously shortened considering the fact that it’s waterproof, so if you drop it in the bathtub you’re going to be in trouble.. While it boasts a nice battery life, a beautiful design, and some neat software, it’s lacking in key areas like performance, camera, and display.. Add Us To Your Social Channels. Digital Trends helps readers keep tabs on the fast-paced world of tech with all the latest news, fun product reviews, insightful editorials, and one-of-a-kind sneak peeks. 
The source for Tech Buying Advice. More Car Tech. Tech deals, prizes and latest news. An iPhone lookalike that’s surprisingly good value for money. The Meizu M3 Max is a full-fat phablet that incorporates a huge battery, familiar design and a reasonable camera in a package that’s incredibly affordable. However, Meizu's Flyme OS won't be everyone's cup of tea.. Confusing Flyme OS inferior to stock Android. Meizu M3 Max price and availability Shipping worldwide from MeizuWorld.com Available in four colours priced at $329.99 (£280.49, AU$481.79) Built for power Design and display Slim body with a familiar design Responsive fingerprint scanner built into the home key The 6-inch screen occupies most of the front. When it comes to smartphones, consumers are more savvy than ever these days, and aren’t necessarily blinded by the biggest names in mobile. After all, even the most expansive flagships can still catch on fire, or bewilder users by omitting a headphone jack.. And with even the likes of Samsung and Apple capable of turning off potential customers, more and more previously unheard-of Chinese brands are waiting in the wings with smartphones that seem to tick all the right boxes, at seemingly ridiculous prices.. One such brand is Meizu, a company that will be familiar to those of you residing in China, India and other parts of south and eastern Asia, as it seems to release more new phones than anyone else.. Meizu has been making smartphones and MP3 players since the mid-noughties, and is renowned for making phones that bear more than a passing resemblance to Apple’s range of iPhones. The Meizu M3 Max is a case in point: it could easily be mistaken for an iPhone 6 Plus on a dark night, with hints of the HTC 10 thrown in for good measure.. The Meizu M3 Max is available directly from Meizu’s own online store, MeizuWorld.com; the usual price is. $329.99 (£280.49, AU$481.79) , although at the time of writing it's discounted to the very tempting price of $259.99 (£220.99, AU$379.59).. This 6-inch phablet comes in four familiar colours: rose gold, silver, grey and gold. Each model incorporates a 10-core Mediatek processor backed by 3GB of RAM and 64GB of storage, a plentiful package that’s more than enough to power Meizu’s fully-skinned version of Android 6.0, Flyme OS.. There’s also a 13MP camera with dual-LED flash, a 5MP front-facing camera, a fingerprint sensor and a humungous battery weighing in a 4100mAh. At first glance there appears to be everything you’d want or need in a smartphone – but is there any more to the M3 Max than meets the eye?. If you're familiar with any of the other smartphones in Meizu’s lineup, the look and feel of the M3 Max will be fairly familiar. While it wouldn't be considered a 'premium' phone, the build quality is very solid without feeling overly heavy or bulky.. Weighing in at 189g, and measuring just 7.94mm thick, the M3 Max manages to combine a slim feel with well-balanced heft.. There aren't any unusual design choices to note – a volume bar sits a third of the way down the right-hand side, with a power button located just below; both respond to presses with a satisfying click, and don't wobble or move around like those on some other budget handsets.. The opposite spine is home to the tray that holds your nanoSIM card and a microSD card, and which can double as a dual-SIM card tray if you prefer.. The bottom edge is home to micro USB and 3.5mm headphone sockets, and the single speaker, in a layout that's almost indistinguishable from that of the iPhone 6.. The silver chamfered edges on the rear of the phone are somewhat reminiscent of the HTC 10, though the dual-tone LED flash is located below the camera, which – unlike on the HTC – is flush to the body.. There's another little nod to Apple's design in the shape of a tagline inscribed on the rear of the phone, saying 'Designed by Meizu, LTE Mobile Phone Assembled in China'. It's not quite as glamorous as Apple's 'Designed in California' slogan, but the two brands share a similar production pedigree – Meizu's phones are assembled in Zhuahai, a small city just across the estuary from Shenzhen, where the iPhone is made.. On the front of the phone, a multi-function home button below the screen doubles up as a fingerprint scanner, replicating recent Samsung and HTC handsets.. Everything else on the front is unsurprising – the bezels either side of the screen are fairly slim, but not as small as those on the 5.5-inch Nubia Z11 , although we're happy to see that very little real estate has been wasted above and below the screen.. The screen itself is a 6-inch, 1080p panel, which might not be the highest resolution available, but has a density well above the 'retina' standard, meaning you’ll never see pixels with the naked eye.. Screen brightness is exceptional and viewing angles are good, but, as on cheaper IPS screens, black levels are relatively poor.. Next Page What’s it like to use?. You can unsubscribe at any time and we'll never share your details without your permission.. Get the best tech deals, reviews, product advice, competitions, unmissable tech news and more!. 1 Samsung Galaxy S9 release date, price, news and features. 2 Samsung Galaxy S9 launch: as it happened. 3 Samsung Galaxy S9 live stream: how to watch today's big launch event. 4 How to watch Arsenal v Man City live stream online for the Carabao Cup final NOW. 5 MWC 2018: All the latest news from the show. 2 Samsung Galaxy S9 Plus review. 3 Samsung Galaxy S9 release date, price, news and features. 4 Samsung Galaxy S9 launch: as it happened. 5 BlackBerry: 'we understand we are not for everyone' but 'we're here to stay'. TechRadar is part of Future plc, an international media group and leading digital publisher. England and Wales company registration number 2008885.. 
I cover consumer tech in Asia. Opinions expressed by Forbes Contributors are their own.. One thing I've learned since I began covering consumer tech this year is that marketing + clever packaging bring hype. And once you have all three together, you can get away with selling the product at jacked up prices, as long as the product isn't terrible.. When I first got my hands on the Samsung Galaxy Note 7 almost two months ago -- back before the fires began and when every U.S. media was throwing every superlative praise at the phone -- I made a YouTube video ranting about how, while the Note 7 was very nicely built, it wasn't that much better built than Chinese phones that sold for half the price, like the OnePlus 3 or the Meizu MX6. I made a similar video with the iPhone 7 Plus.. My point is that, western tech media often act. like Apple and Samsung (can add Google to the mix now, with the latest batch of Pixel reviews) craft the best "premium" hardware that are heads and shoulders above everyone else, when in reality, every 2016 flagship phone, regardless if it was. designed in Cupertino or Dongguan in China, are superbly well built. 2012, one could hold an iPhone and then hold, say, a Xiaomi phone and notice the difference in build quality. Chinese phone makers have completely caught up. Anyone who try to say differently are either biased or they've never held a new Chinese handset.. Take Meizu's latest release, the 6-inch mid-range phablet M3 Max, for example. When holding this all-metal unibody phone, I tried hard to find an aspect of the hardware to nitpick and I couldn't. There is no camera hump -- it's completely flushed with the back of the phone. The bezels are smaller than the iPhones and Pixels. The buttons are clicky and responsive. The screen is bright and vibrant. The speaker grill and headphone holes have been smoothed down and doesn't feel sharp when I run my finger over them. The chamfered edges are smooth to the touch, and light bounces off its angled sides. The fingerprint sensor is fast and responsive, more so than on Samsung's devices.. iPhone 7 Plus, Note 7, and Pixel XL -- all priced at over $800 -- all raved about the hardware, almost justifying the price tag because of it. I challenge any of those reviewers to hold a M3 Max, which sells for $255, and tell me with a straight face that it feels "cheaper.". Here, I made a video showing off the phone's looks:. Of course, this wouldn't matter if the M3 Max can't perform, and while. it's not the most powerful/fastest phone on the market, it more than gets the job done for the average consumer.. Mediatek MT6755 Helio P10 chip, running on 3GB RAM keeps the phone smooth a snappy. 6.43 x 3.21 x 0.31 inches, t his is a niche phone that sits firmly in the phablet territory -- for people who might. use just one device as their everyday phone and media consumption device at home. And t he M3 Max's 6-inch 1080p is great for that.. It's not as lively and "whoa" as a Samsung AMOLED panel -- the M3 Max's blacks aren't as dark for sure -- but it's a solid display that produces vibrant and accurate colors. The mono speaker grill is nothing to write home about, but it's no worse than the same mono speaker on the Pixel, Galaxy S7 and bunch of other phones.. The M3 Max runs Android 6.0 with its own Flyme 5.2 software on top, and as I've written about before, I like Flyme. It's much better looking than other Chinese OS like the Gionee's Amigo OS or Huawei's EMUI.. In fact, Flyme is so clean it sort of feels like stock Android, except Flyme offers a myriad of gestures to launch apps while the phone's screen is off. For example, draw a circle on the phone's dark screen and the camera snaps open. Draw a V, it launches the web browser. Draw an M to launch Google Maps, etc. These are all customizable, by the way, like if you want, you can set draw an M to open Instagram, or M to open Calculator. Everything opens almost fast, in under one second.. Flyme's software utilizes mostly flat icons and simple shades. The notification shades works very much like the stock Android set-up.. Below is an old video I made (from when I reviewed Meizu's previous phone ) showing off the gestures.. 
more ... more .... more ... more .... MEMORY: 64 GB + MicroSD. View all photos (7). The Meizu M3 Max is a device very much about the display, its 6-inch, 1920 x 1080 panel pushes the bezel out to near non-existence. The metallic exterior, which arrives in a choice of the four colors, is certainly easy on the eye. Under the hood, though, it's pretty standard mid-range fare. There's MediaTek's octa-core Helio P10 processor with 3 GB of RAM, 64 GB of storage and a microSD slot for those seeking additional real estate. To the rear is Sony's 12-megapixel IMX258 sensor with dual-LED flash, while a 5-megapixel shooter adorns the front. The battery is sizable, with the 4100 mAh juice pack able to charge to 45 percent in just half an hour.. OS: Android (6.0), Meizu Flyme UI. Dimensions: 6.43 x 3.21 x 0.31 inches (163.4 x 81.6 x 7.94 mm). Weight: 6.67 oz (189 g) the average is 5.6 oz (159 g). Resolution: 1080 x 1920 pixels. Features: Ambient light sensor, Proximity sensor. Pixel density - The pixel density of a display represents the number of pixels over an area of one inch. It’s measured in “pixels per inch”, or ppi. The higher the number, the more detailed and good-looking the display is.. Technology - There are two main screen technologies currently used in phones and tablets: LCD and AMOLED. The former usually features a light source and liquid crystals, while the latter is based on organic light-emitting diodes. Newer LCD variations like IPS-LCD and Super-LCD allow for very accurate color reproduction and very wide viewing angles, where no significant image quality loss is observed. Current AMOLED screens differ in such a way that they can exhibit much more saturated colors (sometimes too much) and incredibly high contrast levels, which is due to black color being completely black in AMOLED displays.. Screen-to-body ratio - Shows what part of the frontal area of a phone its screen occupies.. Software Features: Touch to focus, Face detection, Digital zoom, Geo tagging. Aperture size - The aperture of a camera is the opening through which light travels before it reaches the camera sensor. The smaller the number is, the bigger this opening is, allowing for more light to pass.. Camera sensor size - A bigger camera sensor is able to capture more light, and thus produce better photos.. Octa-core, 1800 MHz, ARM Cortex-A53, 64-bit. System chip - Most modern handsets use an advanced chip that includes many of the device’s hardware modules like the processor, Wi-Fi, Bluetooth and sometimes even the wireless radio. This field shows what particular system chip (or System-on-a-Chip) is used in the phone.. Processor - The processor is the main computing component of a phone and is a major factor when it comes to the overall speed of the device. Some more powerful smartphones use dual-core and quad-core processors designed to deliver greater performance.. Graphics processor - The graphics processor is important for the smooth operation of the system and especially in games and other applications that may involve complex graphics and animations.. System memory - System memory, or RAM memory is the type of memory that the device uses to temporarily store data from the OS or currently-running apps. The more RAM available to the device, the better the performance will be when multiple or heavier programs are running.. Built-in storage - Bigger storage capacity allows you to keep more content saved onto your device, such as more applications, photos or video. Games and video content typically take up the biggest amount of storage space.. Storage expansion - Some handsets allow you to expand their storage capacity by using a memory expansion card – most often microSD. Expansion memory is mostly suitable for media storage, such as photo, video or music content.. Capacity - The bigger, the better! However, battery capacity is not the only factor that has an effect on battery life. Those include the chipset in use, the software running on the device, as well as the consumer's unique usage pattern.. Filter by: Album, Artist, Genre, Playlists. Features: Album art cover, Background playback. Multiple SIM cards: 2 slots, Shared with microSD. Accelerometer, Gyroscope, Compass, Hall (for flip covers). Other features: Voice dialing, Voice commands, Voice recording. 802.11 a, b, g, n, dual-band. Features: Mass storage device, USB charging. Other: Tethering, Computer sync, OTA sync. Positioning - This field shows the positioning systems supported by the device. The most common types are GPS and A-GPS.. GPS - This is one of the most widespread global positioning technologies, developed and maintained by the U.S. It uses satellites in order to detect your location. A-GPS - A-GPS stands for Assisted GPS and is the industry standard for positioning and navigation. “Assisted” means that it can use local wireless networks, in addition to satellites, for quicker and more precise localization.. Availability Officially announced: 05 Sep 2016. To see the full specifications with in-depth details click here.. Despite our efforts to provide full and correct Meizu M3 Max specifications, there is always a possibility of making a mistake. If you see any wrong or incomplete data, please LET US KNOW .. If you are interested in using our specs commercially, check out our Phone specs database licensing page.. Meizu officially debuts the 6-inch M3 Max phablet. Meizu drops teaser for the M3 Max: more battery, less bezel. 6-inch Meizu M3 Max leaks in live photos. The Samsung Galaxy S9 and S9+ have game-changing cameras with variable aperture and 960fps slow-mo video recording. The Big Barcelona Camera Comparison: iPhone X vs Pixel 2 XL vs Note 8. Samsung Galaxy S9 and S9+ rumor review: Specs, design, features, price and release date. Sony presents Xperia XZ2 and XZ2 Compact: new design and Snapdragon 845. Galaxy S9 Exynos edition gets benchmarked against rivals!. Galaxy S9 first camera comparison vs iPhone X, V30, S8. Samsung Galaxy S9 & S9+ hands-on. MWC 2018: top smartphones to expect. Best smartphone you can buy in 2018. Allo is a quality app, but Google isn't giving it a real chance. All content (phone reviews, news, specs, info), design and layouts are Copyright 2001-2018 phoneArena.com. Reproduction in whole or in part or in any form or medium without written permission is prohibited! Privacy. 
The source for Tech Buying Advice. More Car Tech. Tech deals, prizes and latest news. An iPhone lookalike that’s surprisingly good value for money. Battery life Massive 4,100mAh drives the M3 Max into two-day territory Proprietary quick-charge claims a 45% charge in just 30 minutes Camera 13MP rear camera with twin LED flash, 5MP front-facing camera Underwhelming camera software feels half-finished Unpredictable focusing makes the snappy burst mode a little pointless Camera samples. When you’re rocking a phone with such a large screen, battery size is a very important spec to take note of – and the Meizu M3 Max crams a 4,100mAh battery into a very slim frame.. The only phone to come close to the M3 Max in this regard is the Huawei Mate 9 , which packs a 4,000mAh cell into a phone that’s almost the same thickness. When you consider that this is a whole 1,100mAh higher than the iPhone 7 Plus , it seems like quite the contender – but of course the real proof is in the testing.. A power-hungry flagship would still eat away at such a high-capacity battery pretty quickly, but with a low-power chipset onboard the M3 Max manages to breeze past the first night of usage, and without heavy media usage or gaming you could easily make it to the end of two full days without having to reach for the power adaptor.. Subject to the standard TechRadar battery test (playing a HD video at full brightness for 90 minutes, with accounts syncing over Wi-Fi in the background), the M3 Max’s battery dropped by 19%, to finish with a respectable-looking 71% remaining.. But we were a little surprised to see it drop so much, considering that the Samsung Galaxy S7 Edge lost just 14% and the Nubia Z11 20%,. and both phones have considerably lower-capacity batteries. If nothing else, this proves that when the 6-inch screen is in constant use, the capacity of the large battery is definitely needed.. Meizu’s battery settings menu enables you to see much of the same information as you'd find on stock Android, but with a number of added power-saving tweaks to help you stretch out the battery life that little bit further.. Strangely, the stats available don’t allow tracking beyond 12-hour blocks, but during our testing we didn’t find the battery life to be too much of a concern, anyway.. If you need a quick top-up, the included quick-charging adaptor can pump up your battery by 45% in just 30 minutes, thanks to a high-wattage output that's some six watts higher than Qualcomm’s Quick Charge 3.0 solution, which is used on many other flagships.. The camera app pre-loaded on the Meizu M3 Max is largely unchanged from the app found on other recent Meizu handsets, and. offers a relatively mediocre feature set when compared to many other new smartphones.. The interface has a familiar layout, and includes a few quick toggles to change flash settings, turn the timer on or off, swap between front and rear camera, or play around with the live filters.. Unfortunately, there’s no easy way to switch on HDR without delving into the settings, and bewilderingly, there isn’t a button to quickly record video straight from the camera screen.. Thankfully, there is a fully-laden manual mode, which offers shutter speed, ISO, manual focus, exposure compensation, saturation, contrast and white balance adjustment. Most other phones in this price range forgo these manual settings, so they're a welcome addition here.. Getting into the camera app isn’t exactly speedy, as there's no way to quickly launch the app. To do so, you’ll need to set up a ‘gesture wakeup’ shortcut. We chose the obvious 'C' motion which seemed to do the trick, although it didn’t seem to register our gesture 100% of the time.. We were genuinely surprised by the burst mode, which takes as many as 30 shots in a single second when you press and hold the shutter button. This is even quicker than flagships costing twice as much, but unfortunately it sounds more impressive than the results would suggest.. The slow focus time means that even though you could capture many photos incredibly quickly, the majority would be out of focus, making it next to useless for catching the fast-paced action for which it's intended.. In general the quality of images from the Meizu M3 Max's camera is average at best. In good daylight pictures are more than adequate for sharing on social media, with accurate colours and decent dynamic range pulling in plenty of detail.. Sadly the majority of night shots we attempted were spoilt by processing filters that overly smoothed the images, making them look artificial and smeared on closer inspection.. The 5-megapixel front-facing camera, meanwhile, isn't too bad. Sure, it’s not quite up to the standard of HTC’s wide-angle, optically-stabilised snapper, but it’s better than many other budget smartphones can muster.. This close-up daylight shot shows good colour reproduction. Click to see the full-resolution image. Indoors with natural light, this image appears fuzzy and lacking in detail. Click to see the full-resolution image. Indoors, with flash on, the colour reproduction is good, but up-close detail is still rather over-processed. Click to see the full-resolution image. Though the colour is good, this well-lit indoors scene should be sharper and clearer. Click to see the full-resolution image. In low light outdoors, image noise becomes very apparent. Click to see the full-resolution image. Even with the flash on, the camera struggles to focus on close-up subjects indoors. Click to see the full-resolution image. The camera struggles to pick out detail in low light. This car should be much better lit under the street lamp. Click to see the full-resolution image. Macro shots under indoor lighting are reasonably sharp, but look closer and you'll see scrappy processing artifacts. Click to see the full-resolution image. Even with the flash on there's still far too much processing being applied, and the image looks very poor close-up. Click to see the full-resolution image. The front-facing camera is passable for selfies, but doesn't cope very well in low light. Click to see the full-resolution image. Prev Page What’s it like to use?. Next Page Verdict and competition. You can unsubscribe at any time and we'll never share your details without your permission.. Get the best tech deals, reviews, product advice, competitions, unmissable tech news and more!. 1 Samsung Galaxy S9 release date, price, news and features. 2 Samsung Galaxy S9 launch: as it happened. 3 Samsung Galaxy S9 live stream: how to watch today's big launch event. 4 How to watch Arsenal v Man City live stream online for the Carabao Cup final NOW. 5 MWC 2018: All the latest news from the show. 2 Samsung Galaxy S9 Plus review. 3 Samsung Galaxy S9 release date, price, news and features. 4 Samsung Galaxy S9 launch: as it happened. 5 BlackBerry: 'we understand we are not for everyone' but 'we're here to stay'. TechRadar is part of Future plc, an international media group and leading digital publisher. England and Wales company registration number 2008885.. 
The next video is starting stop. Meizu M3 Max Full Review, A 6" Smart Phone For Under $280?. Toy, Gadget and Product Reviews by Dad Does. Unsubscribe from Toy, Gadget and Product Reviews by Dad Does?. Want to watch this again later?. Sign in to add this video to a playlist.. Sign in to report inappropriate content.. Sign in to make your opinion count.. Sign in to make your opinion count.. The interactive transcript could not be loaded.. Rating is available when the video has been rented.. This feature is not available right now. Meizu M3 Max Phone Review http://www.DadDoes.Com Today we review the new Meizu M3 Max Smartphone. While this will not blow away high-end Apple and Samsung phones, it is a pretty incredible mid-range phone that sells for under $280. Note: We were sent this phone to provide our honest review, no other compensation was supplied. Here is all the info on The Meizu M3 Max- - Helio P10 processor, the best balanced processor of the year - A 13MP shooter at the back, and a front-facing 5MP camera - Fast charging: the battery can be charged to 45% charge in just 30 minutes - 3GB RAM 64GB internal storage - 4100mAh battery - Runs Android 6.0 Refined metal The metal body of the M3 Max is manufactured using cutting-edge technologies such as double CNC highlighting and nano-injection molding to ensure smooth design and high durability. 8-core processor --Fast and efficient The fast octa-core processor of the M3 Max with a peak frequency of up to 1.8GHz combines power and efficiency for all applications. 13-megapixel rear camera & 5-megapixel front camera The rear camera is powered by a premium 13-megapixel SONY CMOS sensor, a wide ƒ/2.2 aperture and a natural dual LED flash for stunning photos under all lighting conditions. For great selfies, you have the 5-megapixel front camera with a ƒ/2.0 aperture.Streamlined and elegant design without a camera bump. mTouch---Higher efficiency and safety Our improved mTouch fingerprint sensor allows you to quickly and reliably unlock the M3 Max without wasting time on entering a password. mCharge The M3 Max supports the mCharge fast charging technology for safe and fast charging without decreasing the battery lifespan. The battery can be charged to 45% charge in just 30 minutes. Basic Information Height 163.4mm Width 81.6mm Thickness 7.9mm Weight 189g Battery 4100mAh (typical value) Capacity 64GB Screen Size 6" Resolution 1920 * 1080 Contrast 1000:1 PPI 368 Brightness 450cd/m² (typical value) Display technology IPS Manufacturing process GFF (full lamination) Processor & Memory Helio P10 processor ARM® Cortex®-A53™ 1.8GHz x4+ ARM® Cortex®-A53™ 1.0GHz x4 ARM Mali-T860 GPU 3GB LPDDR3 RAM Camera Rear camera 13 megapixel ƒ/2.2 aperture 5-element lens Burst mode Panorama mode 0.2s high-speed phase detection AF Dual LED flash Front camera 5 megapixel ƒ/2.0 aperture 4-element lens Beauty features Face AE mTouch 2.1 Response speed 0.2s Recognition angle 360° Sensor Capacitive touch sensor Memory 5 fingerprints Carriers and Standards 4G FDD-LTE 3G WCDMA 2G GSM 4G TD-LTE 3G TD-SCDMA 802.11 a/b/g/n Wi-Fi Dual-band Wi-Fi (5 GHz / 2.4 GHz) Bluetooth 4.1 BLE Sensors Hall effect sensor, gravity sensor, Infrared proximity sensor, gyroscope, and ambient light sensor, Touch sensor, digital compass. When autoplay is enabled, a suggested video will automatically play next.. MEIZU M3 MAX l India Review l Beauty with performance in hands. 10 Best NEW Chinese Phones - Late 2016. Meizu M3 Max hands on 魅蓝Max发布会现场真机体验. MEIZU M3 Max - Unboxing - 6.0" 3+64GB Helio P10 IMX258 4G LTE [Deutsch] | CECT-SHOP. Meizu M3 Max Vs Xiaomi Mi Max Comparison. Meizu M3 Max hands on quick look. Meizu m3 Max: Unboxing & First Look | Hands on | Price. Meizu m3 Max - specs 2017. Meizu M3 Note Unboxing & Overview Good Specs affordable Pricing. The Dual Screen, Foldable Smartphone Is REAL!. Essential Phone Review - The Hype Is Real.. Meizu M3 Max: grande grande grande... Razer Phone Unboxing - My New Daily Driver?. Meizu Pro 6, Meizu m3 max and Vivo Xplay 5 hands on. Meizu m3 note - what does a $200 smartphone get you?. Sign in to add this to Watch Later. 
This web site uses cookies to improve your experience. By viewing our content, you are accepting the use of cookies. To find out more and change your cookie settings, please. Newsletters All Writers Log In to ZDNET Join ZDNet About ZDNet Preferences Community Newsletters Log Out. Hands on with the Meizu M3 Max. Fast and furious performance and sleek good looks. | October 10, 2016 -- 16:10 GMT (00:10 GMT+08:00). I have spent a week testing the new Meizu M3 Max and, apart from a few niggles, I have been blown away with its performance.. The phone looks sleek and smooth. Meizu says that this phone is manufactured using double CNC (computer controlled cutting) highlighting and nano-injection molding.. Its dimensions are 163.4mm (6.42 inches) x 81.6mm (3.21 inches) x 7.9mm (0.31 inches). I turned the phone on, and what seemed like only seconds later I had a usable phone, connected to the internet with a 4G cellphone signal.. There was minimal setup to do. I chose my language and that was just about it. The settings icon on the home screen enabled me to change the time zone, date and adjust for the 24 hour clock.. The M3 Max display has IPS (In-Plane Switching, which was designed to correct poor viewing angles and colour reproduction) technology which gives the 6-inch HD display a sharp look. Resolution is good at 1,920 x 1,080 pixels.. The phone has a MediaTek Helio P10 octa-core processor with four ARM Cortex-A53 cores running at 1.8GHz and the remaining four running at 1.0GHz. This reduces power consumption, enabling the 4100mAh battery to get you through the whole day without recharging.. I was blown away with how fast the phone charged. The M3 Max supports the mCharge fast charging technology for speedy charging without decreasing the battery lifespan.. The battery can be charged up to 45 percent in about 30 minutes -- essential to keep you going during a long day.. The M3 Max has 3GB of RAM and 64GB of internal storage, expandable to 128GB via the handset's MicroSD card slot. There are two cameras: a 13-megeapixel rear camera with a SONY CMOS sensor, a wide f/2.2 aperture and a dual-LED flash; and a 5-megapixel front-facing camera with a four-element lens and f/2.0 aperture.. There are plenty of picture-taking options for the camera; panorama, slow-mo mode, barcode scan feature, macro, Gif creation and 'beauty'. You can take pictures using voice control by using the Chinese commands 'Paizhao' or Qiezl'. The beauty features include icons to enhance the eyes, slim the face, smooth out wrinkles and bags under the eyes, and an icon for 'whitening'. Whitening lightens the facial tones and fades redness. The whitening feature can also be used on the final image to edit.. The phone has a useful, but perhaps illegal feature in some countries: when in a call, there is an option to record the phone conversation, which is saved with the contact details.. For added security, an mTouch fingerprint sensor unlocks the phone using up to five fingerprints.. The phone has a password-protected guest mode to allow guests to make outgoing calls and send SMS messages, or install apps.. I loved the performance and responsiveness of the Meizu M3 Max, and the intuituveness of the Android-based Flyme OS. I like extra features like the SmartTouch option, which overlays a customisable on-screen soft button.. I can configure gestures to get back to the home screen, end the process, or unfold the notification bar amongst other features. I like the ability to increase the size of the icons and change the look of the icon screen.. Other features of the phone drove me crazy, though. For example, the default weather app showed me the weather at my location in Chinese. This was not customisable, even though I selected English as my default language.. There is no predictive text, or spell-checking option. Texting, or responding to emails were annoying as I had to insert apostrophes and commas, and correct my spelling as I went along. I could not find any option to add spell check to the default options.. I also received notifications in Chinese for default apps that I could not switch off such as the default news app, the Life app, or the Flyme app store. These all defaulted to Chinese.. I could not uninstall them, nor change their default language. The smart voice app only responded to Chinese instructions.. Other apps, such as Weibo, Taobao, Tencent, Dianping and Qunar travel could be uninstalled.. Meizu said that the sample I tested had an early version of the firmware. All international shipments, including US and Europe, will come with an English OS, instructions and local adapter.. With this in mind, I have ignored the niggles with this early version of the phone and focused on the positives. This is a very nice, highly responsive phone with a sleek look. It's certainly a phone I would be happy to own.. Kick off your day with ZDNet's daily email newsletter. It's the freshest tech news and opinion, served hot. Fujitsu Lifebook E558 review: Configurable and well-connected. Honor 9 Lite review: Leader of the affordable Android pack. Apple iMac Pro (late 2017) review: An AIO for the Pro crowd. Apple HomePod review: Leaves a stain but not a strong impression. Please review our terms of service to complete your newsletter subscription. By registering you become a member of the CBS Interactive family of sites and you have read and agree to the Terms of Use , Privacy Policy and Video Services Policy. You agree to receive updates, alerts and promotions from CBS and that CBS may share information about you with our marketing partners so that they may contact you by email or otherwise about their products or services.. You will also receive a complimentary subscription to the ZDNet's Tech Update Today and ZDNet Announcement newsletters. You may unsubscribe from these newsletters at any time.. You have been successfully signed up. To sign up for more newsletters or to manage your account, visit the Newsletter Subscription Center .. Privacy Policy | Cookies | Ad Choice | Advertise | Terms of Use | Mobile User Agreement. Select Site CBS Cares CBS Films CBS Radio CBS.com CBSInteractive CBSNews.com CBSSports.com Chowhound CNET College Networks GameSpot Last.fm MaxPreps Metacritic.com Moneywatch mySimon Radio.com Search.com Shopper.com Showtime TechRepublic The Insider TV.com UrbanBaby.com ZDNet. Manage | Log Out. 
Mon, Feb 26, 2018 | Updated 04.02 PM IST. Gadgets Now TOI Home News shop Gadgets Reviews compare Slideshows Videos Top Gadgets More. Tech News Jobs Social IT Services Mobiles PCs Apps Gaming Computing More Gadgets. Success in India is based on studying, having a job...where’s the creativity, says Apple co-founder Steve Wozniak Samsung Galaxy S9, S9+ launched: Specs, price and availability in India Samsung Galaxy S9 vs Samsung Galaxy S8: Comparison Mobile World Congress 2018: All the latest news and updates These smartphones can get you extra Rs 20,000 discount on Apple iPhone X Samsung Galaxy S9 vs Galaxy S9+: What's the difference Nokia smartphones' 2018 lineup is here Flipkart ahead of Amazon in smartphone 2017 sales: Report Crypto 'noobs' learn to cope with wild swings in digital coins New smart lens for diabetics can monitor blood sugar levels. Mobile Phones Tablets Laptops Cameras Televisions Power banks Smart watches Air conditioners Washing machines Refrigerators Fitness bands. Mobile Phones Laptops Tablets Cameras Televisions Power banks Smart watches Air conditioners Washing machines Refrigerators Fitness bands. Brands Infographics Checklist How To Featured infocus Specials. Gadgets Now » Mobile Phones » Meizu Mobile Phones » Meizu M3 Max. Overview User Reviews & Rating Specifications. The Meizu M3 Max mobile features a 6.0" (15.24 cm) display with a screen resolution of Full HD (1080 x 1920 pixels) and runs on Android v6.0 (Marshmallow) operating system. The device is powered by Octa core (1.8 GHz, Quad core, Cortex A53 + 1 GHz, Quad core, Cortex A53) processor paired with 3 GB of RAM. As far as the battery is concerned it has 4100 mAh. Over that, as far as the rear camera is concerned this mobile has a 13 MP camera Exmor-RS CMOS Sensor supporting a resolution of 4128 x 3096 Pixels and the front snapper is powered by a Exmor-RS CMOS Sensor. Other sensors include Light sensor, Proximity sensor, Accelerometer, Compass, Gyroscope. So, does it have a fingerprint sensor? Yes, it does. For graphical performance that can make games run smoothly, this phone has got a Mali-T860 MP2 GPU. On board storage is at 64 GB with the option to expand the memory by Yes Up to 128 GB. Design is one of the most important factors when it comes to mobiles. This phone is 7.9 mm slim and weighs 189 grams. Meizu m1 note (White, 16GB) ₹ 14499. (CERTIFIED REFURBISHED) Meizu m2 (Dark Grey, 16GB) ₹ 5999. MEIZU MX5 16GB SILVER ₹ 14999. Be the first one to review.. 5 Stars 4 Stars 3 Stars 2 Stars 1 Stars. 1.0 Poor 2.0 Average 3.0 Buyable 4.0 Good 5.0 Excellent. Be the first one to review.. We have sent you a verification email. To verify, just follow the link in the message. performance Octa core display 6.0" (15.24 cm) storage 64 GB camera 13 MP battery 4100 mAh ram 3 GB. fingerprint sensor position Front other sensors Light sensor, Proximity sensor, Accelerometer, Compass, Gyroscope fingerprint sensor Yes. quick charging Yes operating system Android v6.0 (Marshmallow) sim slots Dual SIM, GSM+GSM model M3 Max brand Meizu sim size SIM1: Nano SIM2: Nano (Hybrid) network 4G: Available (supports Indian bands) 3G: Available, 2G: Available fingerprint sensor Yes. loudspeaker Yes fm radio No audio jack 3.5 mm. chipset MediaTek MT6755 graphics Mali-T860 MP2 processor Octa core (1.8 GHz, Quad core, Cortex A53 + 1 GHz, Quad core, Cortex A53) architecture 64 bit ram 3 GB. build material Case: MetalBack: Metal thickness 7.9 mm width 81.6 mm weight 189 grams height 163.4 mm colours Grey, Silver, Champagne Gold, Rose Gold. display type IPS LCD screen to body ratio 74.26 % pixel density 367 ppi screen protection Yes screen size 6.0 inches (15.24 cm) screen resolution Full HD (1080 x 1920 pixels) touch screen Yes Capacitive Touchscreen, Multi-touch. internal memory 64 GB expandable memory Yes Up to 128 GB. settings Exposure compensation, ISO control aperture F2.0 camera features Digital Zoom, Auto Flash, Face detection, Touch to focus image resolution 4128 x 3096 Pixels sensor Exmor-RS CMOS Sensor autofocus No shooting modes High Dynamic Range mode (HDR) resolution 5 MP Front Camera optical image stabilisation No flash No video recording 1280x720 @ 30 fps. user replaceable No quick charging Yes Fast type Li-Polymer capacity 4100 mAh. wifi Yes Wi-Fi 802.11, a/b/g/n/n 5GHz wifi features Mobile Hotspot bluetooth Yes v4.1 volte Yes usb typec Yes (Doesn't support micro-USB) nfc No network support 4G (supports Indian bands), 3G, 2G gps Yes with A-GPS, Glonass sim 1 4G Bands:TD-LTE 2600(band 38) / 2300(band 40) / 2500(band 41) / 1900(band 39) FD-LTE 1800(band 3) / 2600(band 7)3G Bands: UMTS 1900 / 2100 / 900 MHz2G Bands: GSM 1800 / 1900 / 850 / 900 MHz GPRS:Available EDGE:Available sim size SIM1: Nano, SIM2: Nano (Hybrid) sim 2 2G Bands: GSM 1800 / 1900 / 850 / 900 MHz. Popular Meizu Mobiles Comparisons Compare Meizu A5 vs Xiaomi Mi A1 Compare Meizu M5 vs Xiaomi Redmi 4X Compare Meizu Pro 7 vs Samsung Galaxy S8 Plus Compare Meizu M5 32GB vs Xiaomi Redmi 4X 32GB Compare Meizu Pro 7 Plus vs Samsung Galaxy Note 8 Compare Meizu M6 Note vs Xiaomi Mi A1 Compare Meizu M5 vs Vivo Y53 Compare Meizu Pro 7 vs Xiaomi Mi6 Compare Meizu M5 Note 32GB vs Xiaomi Redmi Note 4X Compare Meizu M5c vs Xiaomi Redmi 4A Compare Meizu M5 Note 32GB vs Xiaomi Redmi Note 4 Compare Meizu M6 Note 32GB vs Xiaomi Mi A1. Meizu is a Chinese consumer electronics company headquartered in Zhuhai, Guangdong province, China. One of the top ten smartphone manufacturers in China, the company entered India with the launch of its M1 Note budget phablet. Initially, the company started making MP3 players and feature phones. It diversified into smartphones in 2008. The company sells its devices in markets such as Hong Kong, Israel, Russia, Ukraine, France and Italy.. Nokia's performance in Q4 2017 may not be good news for Google, Sony and others. Finish company HMD Global, which manufactures Nokia-branded smartphones, seems to be giving tough competition to some of the accomplished players like HTC, Google, Sony, OnePlus and others in the global smartphone market. Chinese smartphone shipments fell 4% in 2017: Canalys. China, the world's largest shipper of smartphones suffered its first-ever decline in 2017 as device shipments fell four per cent Year-on-Year (YoY) to reach 459 million units. Meizu M6s with Samsung Exynos 7872 processor launched in China. The bezel-less smartphones trend of 2017 apperas all set to go mainstream in 2018. As most smartphones launched this year boast of this feature. The newest to join the bandwagon is Meizu M6s smartphone launched in China. The smartphone is the company's first smartphone launch of the year. Meizu M6 Note with dual rear camera to launch in India soon. It seems that the Chinese smartphone maker Meizu is all set to launch its latest device in India. The company has teased the launch of its M6 Note smartphone in India. Meizu M6 smartphone launched: Price, specs and more. Chinese smartphone brand Meizu has launched the M6 smartphone today. The smartphone is available at a staring price of CNY 699, for the 2GB + 16GB variant and CNY 899 (roughly Rs. 8,800) for the 3GB + 32GB option. Meizu mblu Zero with bezel-less display appears online. Chinese smartphone brand Meizu has teased an image of an upcoming smartphone that is completely bezel-free. The image appeared on Weibo and as per the image it is called Meizu mblu Zero, with the tag line “New display world”. Meizu M6 Note to launch on August 23: Report. Chinese smartphone brand Meizu is all set to launch its M6 Note smartphone. According to GSMarena, the company has made it "official" that M6 Note will be unveiled on August 23 and will "debut an exciting new camera feature.". Meizu X2 leaked images show a circular screen at the back. According to a couple of leaked images shared by the Playfuldroid website, Meizu is working on its X2 smartphone which has a secondary display at the back but with a different design. Meizu Pro 7 and Pro 7 Plus get more than 100,000 registrations on the first day. Chinese smartphone maker Meizu recently launched its flagship smartphones Meizu Pro 7 and Pro 7 Plus in China. Meizu Pro 7 and Pro 7 Plus with dual-displays launched. The biggest highlight of the two smartphones is that they come with a secondary Super AMOLED display at the back, which can show notifications for calls, messages and more. It also comes in handy while clicking selfies with the rear camera(s), as it can be used to compose shots.. Meizu M1 Note review Meizu launches metal-bodied MX5 smartphone Chinese smartphones compete in Indian markets. Critic Rating: 3.5 /5 User: 4.2 /5. Xiaomi Redmi 5A 32GB ₹ 6,999. Critic Rating: - User: 4.2 /5. Xiaomi Redmi Note 5 ₹ 10,999. Critic Rating: 4 /5 User: 3.8 /5. Critic Rating: - User: 5 /5. Oppo F5 ₹ 19,990 buy at Amazon. Critic Rating: 3.5 /5 User: 4 /5. Xiaomi Redmi Note 5 Pro ₹ 13,999. Critic Rating: 4.5 /5 User: 3.9 /5. Xiaomi Mi A1 ₹ 15,499 buy at Amazon. Critic Rating: 3 /5 User: 4.1 /5. Reliance JioPhone ₹ 2,350 buy at Amazon. Critic Rating: - User: 2.9 /5. Xiaomi Redmi Y1 ₹ 10,999 buy at Amazon. Critic Rating: 3.5 /5 User: 4.5 /5. Critic Rating: 4 /5 User: 4.8 /5. Xiaomi Redmi 4A 32GB ₹ 6,999 buy at Amazon. Critic Rating: - User: 4 /5. Samsung Galaxy J7 Plus ₹ 21,990. Critic Rating: - User: 5 /5. Vivo V7 ₹ 18,990 buy at Amazon. Critic Rating: 3 /5 Submit Rating. Critic Rating: - Submit Rating. Vivo V7 Plus ₹ 20,900 buy at Amazon. Critic Rating: - User: 2.6 /5. Xiaomi Mi A1 buy at Amazon. Xiaomi Redmi Y1 buy at Amazon. Samsung Galaxy On7 Prime (Black, 3GB RAM + 32GB Memory) ₹ 12990. LG V30+ (18:9 OLED FullVisionTM, 128GB) - Black ₹ 44990. Honor View 10 (Midnight Black, 6GB RAM + 128GB memory) ₹ 29999. Samsung Galaxy A8+ (Black, 6GB RAM + 64GB Memory) ₹ 32990. OnePlus 5T (Midnight Black 6GB RAM + 64GB memory) ₹ 32999. Infocus Vision 3 (Midnight Black, 18:9 FullVision Display) ₹ 6999. Redmi Y1 (Dark Grey, 32GB) ₹ 8999. Infocus Vision 3 (Premium Gold, 18:9 FullVision Display) ₹ 6999. Redmi Note 4 (Dark Grey, 64GB) ₹ 11999. Honor 7X (Blue, 4GB RAM + 32GB memory) ₹ 12999. Redmi Y1 (Gold, 64GB) ₹ 10999. 10.or E (Beyond Black, 3 GB) ₹ 6999. Redmi Y1 (Dark Grey, 64GB) ₹ 10999. Redmi 4 (Black, 32 GB) ₹ 8999. OnePlus 5T (Midnight Black 8GB RAM + 128GB memory) ₹ 37999. Redmi 4 (Gold, 64 GB) ₹ 10999. InFocus Turbo 5 Plus (Midnight Black, Dual Rear Camera) ₹ 8999. Redmi 4 (Gold, 32 GB) ₹ 8999. Samsung Galaxy J7 Prime (Gold, 32GB) ₹ 13990. Redmi 4 (Black, 64 GB) ₹ 10999. Mi Max 2 (Black, 64GB) ₹ 15999. Nokia 6 (Matte Black, 32GB) ₹ 14999. Lenovo K8 Note (Venom Black, 4GB) ₹ 11999. Moto G5s Plus (Lunar Grey, 64GB) ₹ 14999. Coolpad Cool Play 6 (Sheen Black, 6GB RAM+64GB Memory) ₹ 14999. Sony Xperia R1 Dual (Black, 16GB) with Memory Card ₹ 12795. Mi Max 2 (Black, 32 GB) ₹ 13999. Coolpad Note 5 Lite (Royal Gold, 3GB RAM + 16 GB) ₹ 7499. Gionee M7 Power (Black) ₹ 16999. Alcatel A5 LED 5085I (Metallic Silver) ₹ 12999. Coolpad Cool 1 (Silver, 4GB RAM + 32GB memory) ₹ 10999. Alcatel A7 (Metallic Black, 4GB RAM, 32GB) ₹ 13999. Coolpad Cool 1 (Gold, 3GB RAM + 32GB memory) ₹ 8999. Redmi 4 (Black, 16 GB) ₹ 6999. Redmi 4 (Gold, 16 GB) ₹ 6999. Redmi Y1 (Gold, 32GB) ₹ 8999. Redmi Y1 Lite (Grey,16GB) ₹ 6999. Honor 7X (Blue, 4GB RAM + 64GB memory) ₹ 15999. Redmi Note 4 (Black, 64GB) ₹ 10995. Nokia 6 (Silver, 32GB) ₹ 14999. Recent Comparisons Compare Meizu A5 vs Xiaomi Mi A1 vs Xiaomi Redmi Note 5A Compare Meizu A5 vs Xiaomi Mi A1 Compare Meizu M3 Note vs Xiaomi Redmi Note 3 32GB Compare Meizu M5 vs Nokia 3 Compare Meizu M5 vs Meizu M5S vs Coolpad Note 3 Lite vs Coolpad Note 5 Lite Compare Meizu Pro 7 vs Xiaomi Mi6 Compare Meizu Pro 7 vs Xiaomi Mi Note 3 Compare Meizu M5c vs Xiaomi Redmi 4 16GB Compare Meizu M5c vs Nokia 3 Compare Meizu M6 Note vs Xiaomi Redmi Note 5 Plus. For the latest Gadget News, like us on Facebook. Critic Rating: - Submit Rating. Meizu M3 Note 16GB ₹ 6,999. Critic Rating: - Submit Rating. Critic Rating: - Submit Rating. Critic Rating: - Submit Rating. Critic Rating: - Submit Rating. Critic Rating: - Submit Rating. Meizu M6 Note 32GB ₹ 12,990. Critic Rating: - Submit Rating. Meizu Pro 7 Plus ₹ 38,890. Critic Rating: - Submit Rating. Critic Rating: - Submit Rating. Critic Rating: - Submit Rating. Critic Rating: - Submit Rating. Critic Rating: - Submit Rating. Meizu PRO 5 Ubuntu Edition ₹ 31,990. Critic Rating: - Submit Rating. Critic Rating: - User: 4 /5. Meizu M5 Note 64GB ₹ 14,990. Meizu M5 Note 32GB ₹ 25,690. Critic Rating: - Submit Rating. Critic Rating: - Submit Rating. Critic Rating: - Submit Rating. From around the Web More From GadgetsNow. Nokia 2 8GB (Pewter Black, 1GB RAM). Nokia 2 8GB (Pewter Black, 1GB RAM) Key Specs See Full Specs. 5 Inches Quad Core 4100 mAh. Nokia 2 8GB (Pewter White, 1GB RAM). Nokia 2 8GB (Pewter White, 1GB RAM) Key Specs See Full Specs. 5 Inches Quad Core 4100 mAh. Asus Zenfone Max ZC550KL - 16GB (Black). Asus Zenfone Max ZC550KL - 16GB (Black) Key Specs See Full Specs. 5.5 Inches Quad Core 5000 mAh. Asus ZenFone 3 Max ZC520TL - 3GB (Grey). Asus ZenFone 3 Max ZC520TL - 3GB (Grey) Key Specs See Full Specs. Panasonic Eluga Prim 4G VoLTE - 3GB (Gold). Panasonic Eluga Prim 4G VoLTE - 3GB (Gold) Key Specs See Full Specs. Ambrane Plush PP-1100 10000 mAh Power Bank (Gold). Ambrane Plush PP-1100 10000 mAh Power Bank (Gold) Key Specs See Full Specs. Ambrane Plush PQ-800 Quick Charge C-Port 8000 mAh Power Bank (Silver). Ambrane Plush PQ-800 Quick Charge C-Port 8000 mAh Power Bank (Silver) Key Specs See Full Specs. Ambrane Plush PP-41 4000 mAh Polymer Power Bank (White). Ambrane Plush PP-41 4000 mAh Polymer Power Bank (White) Key Specs See Full Specs. Samsung Galaxy J7 Max (Black, 4GB RAM). Samsung Galaxy J7 Max (Black, 4GB RAM) Key Specs See Full Specs. Asus Zenfone 3 Max ZC553KL (Grey, 3GB RAM). Asus Zenfone 3 Max ZC553KL (Grey, 3GB RAM) Key Specs See Full Specs. Asus Zenfone 3 Max ZC553KL (Silver, 3GB RAM). Asus Zenfone 3 Max ZC553KL (Silver, 3GB RAM) Key Specs See Full Specs. Moto C Plus 16GB (Starry Black, 2GB RAM). Moto C Plus 16GB (Starry Black, 2GB RAM) Key Specs See Full Specs. Nokia 150 Dual Sim (Black) Key Specs See Full Specs. Nokia 150 Dual Sim (White) Key Specs See Full Specs. 3 SIM Slot, 2GB RAM BUY. Coolpad Mega 3 Triple Sim - 16GB (Champagne & White). Coolpad Mega 3 Triple Sim - 16GB (Champagne & White) Key Specs See Full Specs. Moto C (Starry Black, 1GB RAM) (16GB ROM). Moto C (Starry Black, 1GB RAM) (16GB ROM) Key Specs See Full Specs. Panasonic P99 16GB (Blue, 2GB RAM). Panasonic P99 16GB (Blue, 2GB RAM) Key Specs See Full Specs. Nokia 105 Dual SIM (2017) - Black. Nokia 105 Dual SIM (2017) - Black Key Specs See Full Specs. Asus ZenFone 3S Max ZC521TL - 3GB (Black). Asus ZenFone 3S Max ZC521TL - 3GB (Black) Key Specs See Full Specs. Coolpad Note 5 Lite C 16GB (Dark Grey, 2GB RAM). Coolpad Note 5 Lite C 16GB (Dark Grey, 2GB RAM) Key Specs See Full Specs. Loading Gadget: LeEco Cool1 Dual 64GB. Popular Posts Best Camera Phones in India Phones under Rs. 20,000 Phones under 15000 in India Phones under Rs. 10,000 Best Laptops under Rs.30,000 4G Phones Under Rs,10,000. Popular Categories Android Mobile Phone Dual Sim Mobile Phone 4G Mobiles Tablets Online Top Gadgets 2017 Upcoming Mobiles. About Us Contact Us RSS Return Policy Bulk Buy. Terms of Use and Grievance Redressal Policy Gadgets now mobile Refund Policy Sell with us. Vivo V5 Samsung Galaxy J7 Lenovo A7000 iPhone 7 Plus Samsung Galaxy J2 Moto E4 Samsung Galaxy On7 Oppo F3 Plus. Honor 8 HTC Desire 820 LG G5 Sony Xperia Z5. Popular Gadgets VU TV Xiaomi Mi Band Intex Power Bank Ambrane Power Bank Xiaomi Power Bank Micromax TV Samsung TV Lloyd TV LG TV Sony TV Acer Laptops Lenovo laptops HP laptops Dell Laptop. Mobile Phones Nokia Mobiles Intex Mobiles Lenovo Mobiles Apple iPhones Moto Mobiles Vivo Mobiles Xiaomi Mobiles Samsung Mobiles Blackberry Mobiles Spice Mobiles Oppo Mobiles OnePlus Mobiles Lyf Mobiles Micromax Mobiles LG Mobiles Karbonn Mobiles HTC Mobiles Sony Mobiles Lava Mobiles. Trending Stories Aadhaar Card Sundar Pichai Redmi 4 Sale on Amazon Xiaomi Redmi 4A Sale Mukesh Ambani Airtel Offers Vodafone Offer Paytm. Trending Topics Samsung Galaxy On7 Prime Honor V10 iPhone 8 Plus OnePlus 6 SAMSUNG GALAXY A8 2018 HUAWEI MATE 10 OnePlus 5T Xiaomi Redmi 5A Honor 6A Vivo V7 Moto X4 Xiaomi Mi Mix 2 XIAOMI REDMI NOTE 5 PRO Redmi Note 5. Copyright © 2018 Bennett Coleman & Co. | The Times of India. For reprint rights: Times Syndication Service. 
more ... more .... more ... more .... Meizu M3X vs Meizu M3 Max Size compare. Device type Smart phone Smart phone. OS Android Android (6.0), Meizu Flyme UI. Dimensions 6.06 x 2.99 x 0.29 inches (153.8 x 76 x 7.4 mm) 6.43 x 3.21 x 0.31 inches (163.4 x 81.6 x 7.94 mm). Weight 5.82 oz (165 g) the average is 5.6 oz (159 g) 6.67 oz (189 g) the average is 5.6 oz (159 g). Materials Main body: Glass; Accents: Aluminum Main body: Metal. Colors Black, Gold, Blue, White Gray, Pink, Gold. Physical size 5.5 inches 6.0 inches. Resolution 1080 x 1920 pixels 1080 x 1920 pixels. Features Ambient light sensor, Proximity sensor Ambient light sensor, Proximity sensor. Pixel density - The pixel density of a display represents the number of pixels over an area of one inch. It’s measured in “pixels per inch”, or ppi. The higher the number, the more detailed and good-looking the display is.. Technology - There are two main screen technologies currently used in phones and tablets: LCD and AMOLED. The former usually features a light source and liquid crystals, while the latter is based on organic light-emitting diodes. Newer LCD variations like IPS-LCD and Super-LCD allow for very accurate color reproduction and very wide viewing angles, where no significant image quality loss is observed. Current AMOLED screens differ in such a way that they can exhibit much more saturated colors (sometimes too much) and incredibly high contrast levels, which is due to black color being completely black in AMOLED displays.. Screen-to-body ratio - Shows what part of the frontal area of a phone its screen occupies.. Hardware Features Autofocus (Phase detection, Laser) Autofocus (Phase detection). Software Features Self-timer, Digital zoom, Geo tagging Touch to focus, Face detection, Digital zoom, Geo tagging. Settings Exposure compensation, ISO control, White balance presets. Shooting Modes Burst mode, Panorama Burst mode, Panorama. Camcorder Yes 1920x1080 (1080p HD) (30 fps). Features Video calling, Video sharing Video calling, Video sharing. Front-facing camera 5 megapixels 5 megapixels. Aperture size - The aperture of a camera is the opening through which light travels before it reaches the camera sensor. The smaller the number is, the bigger this opening is, allowing for more light to pass.. Camera sensor size - A bigger camera sensor is able to capture more light, and thus produce better photos.. Pixel size - The size of an individual pixel on a camera's sensor. MediaTek Helio P20 MT6757 MediaTek Helio P10 MT6755. Octa-core, 2300 MHz, ARM Cortex-A53, 64-bit Octa-core, 1800 MHz, ARM Cortex-A53, 64-bit. 4 GB RAM 3 GB RAM. System chip - Most modern handsets use an advanced chip that includes many of the device’s hardware modules like the processor, Wi-Fi, Bluetooth and sometimes even the wireless radio. This field shows what particular system chip (or System-on-a-Chip) is used in the phone.. Processor - The processor is the main computing component of a phone and is a major factor when it comes to the overall speed of the device. Some more powerful smartphones use dual-core and quad-core processors designed to deliver greater performance.. Graphics processor - The graphics processor is important for the smooth operation of the system and especially in games and other applications that may involve complex graphics and animations.. System memory - System memory, or RAM memory is the type of memory that the device uses to temporarily store data from the OS or currently-running apps. The more RAM available to the device, the better the performance will be when multiple or heavier programs are running.. Built-in storage - Bigger storage capacity allows you to keep more content saved onto your device, such as more applications, photos or video. Games and video content typically take up the biggest amount of storage space.. Storage expansion - Some handsets allow you to expand their storage capacity by using a memory expansion card – most often microSD. Expansion memory is mostly suitable for media storage, such as photo, video or music content.. Capacity - The bigger, the better! However, battery capacity is not the only factor that has an effect on battery life. Those include the chipset in use, the software running on the device, as well as the consumer's unique usage pattern.. Filter by Album, Artist, Genre, Playlists Album, Artist, Genre, Playlists. Features Album art cover, Background playback Album art cover, Background playback. Multiple SIM cards 2 slots 2 slots, Yes. Sensors Accelerometer, Gyroscope, Compass, Hall (for flip covers) Accelerometer, Gyroscope, Compass, Hall (for flip covers). Other features Voice dialing, Voice commands, Voice recording Voice dialing, Voice commands, Voice recording. Wi-Fi 802.11 a, b, g, n, dual-band 802.11 a, b, g, n, dual-band. Connector USB Type-C (reversible) USB Type-C (reversible). Features Mass storage device, USB charging Mass storage device, USB charging. GPS, A-GPS, Glonass GPS, A-GPS, Glonass. Navigation Turn-by-turn navigation, Voice navigation Turn-by-turn navigation, Voice navigation. Other Tethering, Computer sync, OTA sync Tethering, Computer sync, OTA sync. Positioning - This field shows the positioning systems supported by the device. The most common types are GPS and A-GPS.. GPS - This is one of the most widespread global positioning technologies, developed and maintained by the U.S. It uses satellites in order to detect your location. A-GPS - A-GPS stands for Assisted GPS and is the industry standard for positioning and navigation. “Assisted” means that it can use local wireless networks, in addition to satellites, for quicker and more precise localization.. Officially announced 30 Nov 2016 05 Sep 2016. To see the full specifications with in-depth details click here.. Samsung Galaxy A8 (2018) Review 6.5. Sony Xperia XA2 and Xperia XA2 Ultra Review 7.8. Huawei Mate 10 Lite Review 8. Jabra Elite 65t wireless earphones Review 8.5. Samsung Galaxy Note 3 vs Samsung Galaxy Note 2. LG V30 Review 8.8. The Samsung Galaxy S9 and S9+ have game-changing cameras with variable aperture and 960fps slow-mo video recording. The Big Barcelona Camera Comparison: iPhone X vs Pixel 2 XL vs Note 8. Samsung Galaxy S9 and S9+ rumor review: Specs, design, features, price and release date. Sony presents Xperia XZ2 and XZ2 Compact: new design and Snapdragon 845. Galaxy S9 Exynos edition gets benchmarked against rivals!. Galaxy S9 first camera comparison vs iPhone X, V30, S8. Samsung Galaxy S9 & S9+ hands-on. MWC 2018: top smartphones to expect. Best smartphone you can buy in 2018. Allo is a quality app, but Google isn't giving it a real chance. All content (phone reviews, news, specs, info), design and layouts are Copyright 2001-2018 phoneArena.com. Reproduction in whole or in part or in any form or medium without written permission is prohibited! Privacy. 
The next video is starting stop. Want to watch this again later?. Sign in to add this video to a playlist.. Sign in to report inappropriate content.. Sign in to make your opinion count.. Sign in to make your opinion count.. The interactive transcript could not be loaded.. Rating is available when the video has been rented.. This feature is not available right now. Il fratello maggiore del già grosso M3 Note. Ma non è inusabile e i 6″ di display a qualcuno potrebbero piacere. Gira bene, gesture Meizu sempre comode ma è per utenti consapevoli. E in Italia non si sa ancora se arriverà…. codice sconto GALEAZZI5 ISCRIVITI AL CANALE PER ALTRI VIDEO! http://www.youtube.com/c/AndreaGaleaz... When autoplay is enabled, a suggested video will automatically play next.. Meizu M3 Max Full Review, A 6" Smart Phone For Under $280?. Toy, Gadget and Product Reviews by Dad Does. SONY XZ2 e XZ2 Compact ANTEPRIMA MWC2018. Meizu M3 Max: grande grande grande... Meizu M3 Max, recensione in italiano. Meizu m3 Max: Unboxing & First Look | Hands on | Price. NOKIA 8110 (LO VOGLIO!!) Nokia 8 sirocco, 7 plus, 6.1 e 1 AndroidGO. LG V30s ThinQ K10 e K8 (2018) ANTEPRIMA MWC2018. Cos'è ANDROID GO e gamma ALCATEL 2018 da MWC2018. Samsung GALAXY S9 e S9 plus ANTEPRIMA prezzo e disponibilità. [Eng sub]In depth review of Meizu M3 Max Meilan Max 魅蓝 Max 全网首发评测 #SamiLuo. Meizu M3 Max hands on quick look. Meizu M3 Max - la Recensione: uno smartphone GRANDE con potenziale. MEIZU M3 Max - Unboxing - 6.0" 3+64GB Helio P10 IMX258 4G LTE [Deutsch] | CECT-SHOP. Review del phablet Meizu M3 Max en Español. Meizu M3 Max - Dream Bigger. MEIZU Pro 7 plus e Pro 7 ANTEPRIMA degli SMARTPHONE A DOPPIO DISPLAY. Sign in to add this to Watch Later. 
Ship to United States / USD. Contact Customer Service for order status and other after-sales issues. chat with Online Sales for more information before your purchase!. If you already made a purchase. If you are considering a purchase. Meizu M3 MAX / Meilan Max 6.0inch IPS FHD 1080P Flyme 5 Smartphone Helio P10 MT6755M Octa Core 3GB 64GB 13.0MP 4100mAh Fast Charge Touch ID - Silver. View Cart or Continue Shopping>>. US$ 205.99 + =. Add to Wishlist ( 18 ). The item has been added to your wish list.. Shipping Cost: Free Shipping to United States via UPS Expedited. [HK Stock]Kaisi 4 in 1 Sim Card Converter Adapter Kit Sim Card Slot Set Nano to Micro/Standard For iPhone 4/5 + Sim Tray Opener. Original Xiaomi Two Port Car Charger Full Metal 5V 3.6A Dual USB Car Charger Fast Charge With LED Light - Silvery Gray. Original price : US$ 219.97. 6.0 inch IPS capacitive screen,FHD 1920x1080 pixels,368PPI. CPU: Helio P10 MTK6755M Octa Core, ARM cortex-A53 1.8GHz x4+ ARM cortex-A53 1.0GHz x4, GPU: ARM Mali T860. Flyme 5 (base on YunOS) OS , 3GB LPDDR3 RAM + 64GB ROM,can extend to 128GB. Dual Nano SIM/SINGLE Nano SIM + TF card; dual standby(Both SIM slots are compatible with 4G, respectively. When they work at the same time, only one of them can receive LTE service and the other GSM ). Dual Cameras, 5.0MP front camera, 13.0MP SONY IMX258 back camera with dual-LED flash and auto focus. Built-in battery 4100mAh,12V/2A fast charge,mTouch,metal unibody. Support FDD LTE/4G/3G/GPS/Bluetooth/5GHz and 2.4GHz WiFi. Networking:2G: GSM 850/900/1800/1900MHz; CDMA 800MHz 1X&EVDO. Helio P10 MTK6755M Octa Core, ARM cortex-A53™1.8GHz x4+ ARM cortex-A53™1.0GHz x4. GSM, 3G, 4G, GPS, WiFi, Bluetooth. Yes, 802.11a/b/g/n wireless network, Support 5GHz and 2.4GHz bands. Dual cameras (one front one back). 0.2 seconds speed PDAF phase focusing. Flash color temperature and fill light and soft natural. Face AE brightness enhancement automatic face recognition. Dual Nano SIM Card, Dual standby, (SIM2 can be used in combination with a Nano-SIM card or a TF card of up to 128GB.). Yes, shared the slot with SIM2. MP4, 3GP, MOV, MKV, AVI, FLV, MPEG. FLAC, APE, AAC, MKA, OGG, MIDI, M4A, AMR. Infrared distance sensors, gyroscopes soft, ambient light sensor,. 4G, 3G, WIFI, GPS, FM, Bluetooth, Ebook, Email,Messaging, wallpapers, calendar, Google play store,calculator, clock, camera, tethering & portable hotspo, Miracast,touch id,fast charge, etc. 1 × Power adapter (A right AC Adapter will be sent as your shipping country). This phone will only work with 2G:GSM 850 /900 /1800/ 1900MHz. It is Unlocked for Worldwide use. Please ensure local area network is compatible. click here for Network Frequency of your country. Please check with your carrier/provider before purchasing this item.. This phone will only work with 2G:GSM 850 /900 /1800/ 1900MHz. It is Unlocked for Worldwide use. Please ensure local area network is compatible. click here for Network Frequency of your country. Please check with your carrier/provider before purchasing this item.. The Meizu M3 Max is a remarkable product, using quality components.The power-efficient 6-inch Full HD display of the Meizu M3 Max is based on IPS technology for sharp and vivid color rendering and provides you with a great viewing experience without straining your eyes. It comes with front touch ID,Helio P10 octa core,supports 4G LTE. 4100mAh battery of the phone, power for the whole day. Large screen,large storage and large battery capacity to make it called M3 Max.. The Meizu M3 Max features a 6.0-inch Full HD display with 368 pixels per inch. The screen of the Meizu M3 Max has a maximum brightness of 450 nits.. On the front, Meizu M3 Max inherits the physical mBack Home button, integrated with the fingerprint recognition function. The Home button is integrated with the three major functions, that is, touch-to-return, fingerprint-based unlock, and fingerprint-based payment, which achieves an ultimate balance between interaction and touch ID design. The improved mTouch fingerprint sensor allows you to quickly and reliably unlock the M3 Max without wasting time on entering a password. The power-efficient 6-inch Full HD display of the Meizu M3 Max is based on IPS technology for sharp and vivid color rendering and provides you with a great viewing experience without straining your eyes.. On the back, The metal body of the M3 Max is manufactured using cutting-edge technologies such as double CNC highlighting and nano-injection molding to ensure smooth design and high durability. Back camera 13-megapixel located on the back. The Meizu M3 Max comes in Silver,Gray,Rose Gold and Champagne Gold colors for choice.. The Meizu M3 Max features a 6.0-inch fullHD (1920 x 1080) display,368PPI. This device comes with 3GB of RAM and 64GB of internal storage. The phone’s storage is expandable thanks to the microSD card slot, and the phone is fueled by the Helio P10 MTK6755M 64-bit octa-core (ARM cortex-A53 1.8GHz x4+ ARM cortex-A53 1.0GHz x4)processor by MediaTek with ARM Mali T860 GPU. The 13-megapixel shooter (f/2.2 aperture) is available on the back of this phone, and a 5-megapixel snapper can be found up front. The rear camera is powered by a premium 13-megapixel SONY CMOS sensor, a wide ƒ/2.2 aperture and a natural dual LED flash for stunning photos under all lighting conditions. For great selfies, you have the 5-megapixel front camera with a ƒ/2.0 aperture.Streamlined and elegant design without a camera bump.Get through the day without worrying about recharging with the large 4100mAh battery.. The Meizu M3 Max on the Flyme 5 system, which is deeply optimized based on the YunOS system. For the M3 Max , it has further improved our Flyme operating system for seamless integration of all services that you need for a connected lifestyle.. The Meizu M3 Max is an incredibly affordable phone for business use and young people. Now the Meizu M3 Max is available in geekbuying store, it is pre-installed multi-language and google play store, support google service. Welcome to buy Meizu smartphone at geekbuying.. Spanish, Swahili, Swedish, Thai, Turkish, Ukrainian, Vietnamese, Zulu, Chinese, Afrikaans, Amharicm, Arabic, Bulgarian, Portuguses, Romanian, Romansh, Russian, Serbian, Slovak, Slovenian, Spanish, Lao, Latvian, Lithuanian, Malay, Norwegian, Persian, Polish, Portuguese, Hindi, Hungarian, Indonesian, Italian, Japanses, Khmer, Korean, English, Estonian, Filipino, Finnish, French, German, Greek, Catalan, Croatian, Czech, Danish, Dutch.. Upload your photo to win 2 - 4 GeekPoints Customer Photos. Be the first to Upload A Photo of this product!. Upload your video to win 2 - 8 GeekPoints Customer Videos. Be the first to Upload A Video of this product!. Be the first to Write A. Text Review of this product!. 0% Good Reputation Rate. 4% Site-Wide OFF Subscribe to get exclusive offers and more savings!. Meizu M3 MAX / Meilan Max 6.0inch IPS FHD 1080P Flyme 5 Smartphone Helio P10 MT6755M Octa Core 3GB 64GB 13.0MP 4100mAh F.... Meizu M3 MAX / Meilan Max 6.0inch IPS FHD 1080P Flyme 5 Smartphone Helio P10 MT6755M Octa Core 3GB 64GB 13.0MP 4100mAh Fast Charge Touch ID - Silver. English | Español | Français | Deutsch | Italiano | Português | Nederlands | Polski | Русский | Türkçe | ελληνικά | Magyar | لعربية | עברית | ไทย | 日本語. Note: GeekBuying reserves the right to change prices at any time without notice. Stock information may become invalid because of new orders and supply change.. Shipping Company Estimated Delivery Time Shipping Cost. *Please note: This is an estimated shipping fee, the actual shipping fee will be shown on the order page.. 
Android News VIEW MORE Google Pixel HTC Huawei Lenovo LG Motorola Nokia OnePlus Samsung Sony Android Auto Android India News Android Wear Android Pay Android Tablets Best Android Phones Android TV Android Updates Amazon Google News VIEW MORE Google Assistant Google Maps Google Photos Google Hangouts Google Play Google Translate Google Voice Google fi Google Nexus Google Chromebook Google Drive Google Home Google Pixel Google Nexus Tech News VIEW MORE VR Artificial Intelligence Home Automation Self Driving Car Robot Vacuum 5G News IOT Samsung News VIEW MORE Samsung Pay Samsung Gear Samsung Tablets Samsung Phones Samsung Galaxy S8 Samsung Galaxy S7 Samsung Galaxy S6 Samsung Galaxy S5 Samsung Galaxy S4 Samsung Galaxy S3 Samsung Galaxy Note 3 News Samsung Galaxy Note 4 Samsung Galaxy Note 5 News Samsung Galaxy Note 8 News Samsung Galaxy S9 5G News Smart Home MWC Reviews Tech Deals More Shop Best Cell Phone Deals Advertise About Staff Privacy Policy Contact Reviews Giveaways News Tips Deals Join Our Team. Vodafone UK Opens Galaxy S9 & Galaxy S9 Plus Pre-Orders – MWC 2018. Hands On With The Samsung Galaxy S9 Plus – MWC 2018. EE Opens Samsung Galaxy S9 & S9 Plus UK Pre-Orders. Hands On With The Samsung Galaxy S9 – MWC 2018. O2 Galaxy S9 & Galaxy S9 Plus Pre-Orders Go Live – MWC 2018. Touchpad Pinch-To-Zoom Support Coming To All Chromebooks. YouTube’s Hollywood Investments To Stay Flat By 2020: Report. DeepMind & VA Team Up With Hopes Of Fighting Kidney Problems. Tech Talk: How Can Google Assistant Continue To Improve?. & Screen-Enabled ARCHOS Hello Unveiled Before MWC 2018. Samsung Galaxy S9 & S9 Plus Compatible With 2017 Gear VR – MWC 2018. ZTE Showcases 5G Phone Prototype Supporting 1.2Gbps Speeds – MWC 2018. Energous Showcasing Truly Wireless WattUp Chargers – MWC 2018. Nokia & China Mobile Announce B2B 5G Partnership – MWC 2018. Intel Promises 5G & Improved Media For 2020 Summer Olympics – MWC 2018. Samsung Exec Quiet About Galaxy X, Reaffirms Bixby Speaker. Vodafone UK Opens Galaxy S9 & Galaxy S9 Plus Pre-Orders – MWC 2018. Hands On With The Samsung Galaxy S9 Plus – MWC 2018. EE Opens Samsung Galaxy S9 & S9 Plus UK Pre-Orders. Hands On With The Samsung Galaxy S9 – MWC 2018. Best Fitness Trackers Buyers Guide – February 2018. Best $300 Rugged Phone Review – CAT vs Blackview. Samsung Exec Quiet About Galaxy X, Reaffirms Bixby Speaker. Win A OnePlus 5T Bundle With OnePlus & AndroidHeadlines – International Giveaway. How To: Reinstall Pre-Redesign Snapchat App On Android. Best Portable Battery Packs For Huawei Mate 10 Pro – February 2018. Android News Close Android Android Auto Android India News Android News Android Pay Android Phones Best Android Phones Android Tablets Android TV NVIDIA SHIELD Android Updates Android Wear Amazon Close Amazon Amazon Alexa Amazon Kindle Apps Close Apps Android Developer Android Games App Reviews Best Apps & games Facebook Instagram Netflix Snapchat Spotify Twitter Uber Whatsapp Youtube ASUS Close ASUS Asus Phones Best Cell Phone Deals BlackBerry Close BlackBerry Blackberry Phones Carriers Close Carriers AT&T Sprint T-Mobile Verizon Chinese Smartphones Close Chinese Smartphones Bluboo Doogee Elephone Gionee Honor Leeco Oukitel Meizu Oppo UMIDIGI Gift Guide Giveaways Google Close Google Google News Google Apps Google Assistant Google Car Google Chrome Google Chromebook Google Chromecast Google Drive Google fi Google Hangouts Google Home Google Maps Google Nexus Google Photos Google Pixel Google Play Google Play Music Google Play Services Google Translate Google Voice HTC Close HTC HTC Phones Huawei Close Huawei Huawei Phones Lenovo Close Lenovo Lenovo Phones LG Close LG LG Phones LG Smartwatch LG Tablets Mobile Events Close Mobile Events Awards CES Google IO IFA Mobile World Congress Motorola Close Motorola Motorola Phones Motorola Smartwatches Nokia Close Nokia Nokia Phones Nokia 6 OnePlus Close OnePlus OnePlus Phones OnePlus One OnePlus 2 OnePlus X OnePlus 3 OnePlus 5 Phone Comparisons Reviews Samsung Close Samsung Samsung Pay Samsung Phones Samsung Galaxy Note 3 News Samsung Galaxy Note 4 Samsung Galaxy Note 5 News Samsung Galaxy Note 8 News Samsung Galaxy S3 Samsung Galaxy S4 Samsung Galaxy S5 Samsung Galaxy S6 Samsung Galaxy S7 Samsung Galaxy S8 Samsung Galaxy S9 News Samsung Gear Samsung Tablets Smartwatches Close Smartwatches Best Smartwatches Sony Close Sony Sony Phones Tech News Close Tech News 5G News Artificial Intelligence IOT Home Automation Self Driving Car Robot Vacuum VR Various Smartphones Close ZTE Blu Wearables Xiaomi Close Xiaomi Xiaomi Phones Special Features News Tips Contact Join Our Team. Android News Android Android Auto Android India News Android News Android Pay Android Phones Best Android Phones Android Tablets Android TV NVIDIA SHIELD Android Updates Android Wear Amazon Amazon Amazon Alexa Amazon Kindle Apps Apps Android Developer Android Games App Reviews Best Apps & games Facebook Instagram Netflix Snapchat Spotify Twitter Uber Whatsapp Youtube ASUS ASUS Asus Phones Best Cell Phone Deals BlackBerry BlackBerry Blackberry Phones Carriers Carriers AT&T Sprint T-Mobile Verizon Chinese Smartphones Chinese Smartphones Bluboo Doogee Elephone Gionee Honor Leeco Oukitel Meizu Oppo UMIDIGI Gift Guide Giveaways Google Google Google News Google Apps Google Assistant Google Car Google Chrome Google Chromebook Google Chromecast Google Drive Google fi Google Hangouts Google Home Google Maps Google Nexus Google Photos Google Pixel Google Play Google Play Music Google Play Services Google Translate Google Voice HTC HTC HTC Phones Huawei Huawei Huawei Phones Lenovo Lenovo Lenovo Phones LG LG LG Phones LG Smartwatch LG Tablets Mobile Events Mobile Events Awards CES Google IO IFA Mobile World Congress Motorola Motorola Motorola Phones Motorola Smartwatches Nokia Nokia Nokia Phones Nokia 6 OnePlus OnePlus OnePlus Phones OnePlus One OnePlus 2 OnePlus X OnePlus 3 OnePlus 5 Phone Comparisons Reviews Samsung Samsung Samsung Pay Samsung Phones Samsung Galaxy Note 3 News Samsung Galaxy Note 4 Samsung Galaxy Note 5 News Samsung Galaxy Note 8 News Samsung Galaxy S3 Samsung Galaxy S4 Samsung Galaxy S5 Samsung Galaxy S6 Samsung Galaxy S7 Samsung Galaxy S8 Samsung Galaxy S9 News Samsung Gear Samsung Tablets Smartwatches Smartwatches Best Smartwatches Sony Sony Sony Phones Tech News Tech News 5G News Artificial Intelligence IOT Home Automation Self Driving Car Robot Vacuum VR Various Smartphones ZTE Blu Wearables Xiaomi Xiaomi Xiaomi Phones Special Features News Tips Contact Join Our Team. Win A OnePlus 5T Bundle With OnePlus & AndroidHeadlines – International Giveaway Win An LG V30+ Smartphone With LG & AndroidHeadlines – International Giveaway. Deal: Amazon Fire TV Stick With Alexa Voice Remote For $30 – 02/25/18 Best Samsung Galaxy S9 & S9 Plus Accessories – February 2018 GearBest Deal: 6GB RAM Xiaomi Mi 6 For $379.99 W/Coupon GearBest Deal: 8GB RAM OnePlus 5T For $629.99 W/Coupon Electronics Deals – Feb. 23, 2018: Amazon, Dell, Google Pixel & More. Vodafone UK Opens Galaxy S9 & Galaxy S9 Plus Pre-Orders – MWC 2018 Hands On With The Samsung Galaxy S9 Plus – MWC 2018 EE Opens Samsung Galaxy S9 & S9 Plus UK Pre-Orders. Samsung Exec Quiet About Galaxy X, Reaffirms Bixby Speaker Vodafone UK Opens Galaxy S9 & Galaxy S9 Plus Pre-Orders – MWC 2018 Hands On With The Samsung Galaxy S9 Plus – MWC 2018. Cubot X18 Plus Review – A Slim Budget Device That Performs Best $300 Rugged Phone Review – CAT vs Blackview Blackview BV9000 Pro Review – Rugged, Fast, Built to Last. Samsung Galaxy S9 & S9 Plus Compatible With 2017 Gear VR – MWC 2018 ZTE Showcases 5G Phone Prototype Supporting 1.2Gbps Speeds – MWC 2018 Energous Showcasing Truly Wireless WattUp Chargers – MWC 2018. Best Portable Battery Packs For Huawei Mate 10 Pro – February 2018 Best Sony Xperia XZ1 Accessories – February 2018 Best Bluetooth Wireless Headphones – February 2018. Best Android Apps – February 2018 Best Android Apps — Language Learning — February 2018 Best Android Apps — Pets — February 2018 Best Android Apps — Valentine’s Day — February 2018. Highlight – A big screen and features without the big price. At 1080p and 6 inches this is still a very sharp display, with a density that’s still above “retina” quality, meaning you’ll never see pixels on the screen with the naked eye. Viewing angles are mostly excellent, displaying no color changing at any angle, and only a little bit of dimming once you past the 30-degree mark or so. Black levels are pretty poor, as is the case with many IPS LCS panels on the market, and these only get worse as you look from an angle, where the lighting on the panel can be easily seen across its face. Refresh rate is generally excellent, and you shouldn’t notice any real ghosting or trailing of pixels while moving quickly between high contrasting objects, such as dark icons on a light background. In general this is a pretty good display, with little to complain about other than black levels.. Meizu places its power button on the right placed just above the mid-point of the phone, with the metal volume rocker right above it. These buttons all have a satisfying click and feel high quality without a doubt. The dual-SIM tray is on the right, and most of the ports are found on the bottom, with the 3.5mm audio jack, microUSB port and the single speaker all residing at the bottom. On back you’ll find the horizontally-centered camera lens and dual-LED flash above the Meizu logo, while the front holds Meizu’s unique multi-function home button and fingerprint scanner combo.. This includes even the ability to gain root access out of the box, although you’ll need to accept Meizu’s disclaimer of waving the warranty on software issues if you trigger root access. Some pretty robust theme engine support has been added too, and while Meizu has supported themes for a long time now with its OS, it hasn’t always had a marketplace with this many themes that are easy to find and install. On top of this Meizu has a number of dedicated folks who create new themes on a regular basis. What’s not always regular, however, are Android security updates that Google releases each month. Our review unit, for instance, shipped in October, yet its security patch is still April 2016’s update from Google. This multi-month gap in security updates could spell issues with users, and this was one of the reasons Google decoupled security updates from main OS updates in the first place.. November 29, 2016 - Written By Nick Sutrich. Meizu is no stranger to the world of smartphones, releasing new phones what feels like once per month. Meizu’s catalog in 2016 is certainly more full than most OEMs, and being added to it is essentially a giant version of a phone they released just a few months ago. Today’s review is all about the Meizu M3 Max, a phone that retails for a rather affordable $250, yet features some great specs and that quality metal build Meizu is famous for. Is a 6-inch screen really something you need on a device like this though, or is it worth the extra cash over the Meizu M3 Note with similar specs? Let’s find out.. Win A OnePlus 5T Bundle With OnePlus & AndroidHeadlines – International Giveaway/ Contest, Enter Today!. Meizu’s M3 Max is a mid-range phone by most measurement standards, and that includes the price. At 1,699 Yuan (~$250 USD) the Meizu M3 Max is quite affordable, especially considering the price of other phones with this large of a screen. The 6-inch 1080p IPS LCD display on the front is powered by the MediaTek Helio P10 64-bit octa-core processor clocked at 1.8GHz, paired with a Mali-T860 MP2 GPU. 3GB of RAM powers the multi-tasking experience and 64GB of internal storage comes standard with a microSD card slot for expandable storage. This microSD card tray doubles as a dual-SIM card tray, supporting one nano SIM and a tray that functions as either the microSD card or nano SIM tray alongside. Underneath the all-metal body is a non-removable 4,100mAh battery with 24W mCharge fast charging via the wall charger included in the box. Surprisingly it only uses a microUSB port, not a USB Type-C, and also features a 3.5mm audio jack.. On the front you’ll find a 5-megapixel camera with f/2.0 lens, while the back holds a 13-megapixel Sony IMX258 sensor with f/2.2 lens and Phase Detection Auto Focus (PDAF) capability, as well as dual-color LED flash. Meizu’s unique multi-function home button and fingerprint scanner sits below the screen, and the whole experience is powered by Meizu’s own Flyme OS 5.2 running atop Android 6.0.1 Marshmallow. Meizu is shipping the M3 Max in an array of colors including Gray, Silver, Rose Gold and Champagne Gold. The M3 Max measures 163.4mm high, 81.6mm wide, 7.94mm thin and weighs a slightly above average 189 grams.. Inside the box you won’t find a whole lot of extras, in fact what’s included here is more or less the bare minimum you’ll need to get up and running with any smartphone. Underneath the phone sits a box containing the warranty and informational pamphlets, as well as a SIM tray ejector tool. Below that is another box containing a USB Type-A to MicroUSB cable, as well as a 24W wall charger for ultra fast charging.. Meizu’s displays are almost always pretty run-of-the-mill IPS LCD panels, and the larger 6-inch display on the M3 Max isn’t too much different. White balance is fantastic and is quite accurate, with only a very slight warm hue out of the box. Color temperature of the display can be adjusted easily in settings via a slider that moves from warm to cool, so any inconsistencies can mostly be fixed via this setting. Meizu has also included a new “eye protective mode” that can remove blue light from the display when viewing the panel at night before bed. This can be invoked on a schedule or on demand, and is part of a software trend over the last 2 years or so to help users brains be less stimulated at night. It’s also easy to adjust the font size in display properties, but there’s no display density changes, so on-screen elements are still the same, rather large size due to the physical screen size. Colors on the panel are nice and punchy without being over saturated, and brightness levels are nothing short of fantastic, with the ability to get super dim in dark conditions, as well as upping the brightness to torch-like levels in direct sunlight.. Meizu’s design has remained largely the same no matter which of their phones you look at. It’s often extremely difficult to tell the difference between one Meizu handset and another, but the M3 Max does have a few differentiating factors, namely the trim around the edges of the phone. Most Meizu handsets feature a smooth unibody design with curved edges and no lines or chamfers between the back or side edges of the phone. The M3 Max actually features chamfers on the back and front edges of the metal unibody, with curved sides all around. The overall shape is similar to the rest of Meizu’s lineup, but these chamfered edges help make it look a little more unique, and really help to give it a more premium feel even though it’s not a “premium” phone per say. Build quality is super solid, and with an ever-so-slightly above average weight of 189 grams, this one feels weighty and solid without actually feeling heavy or bulky. It’s also quite slim and doesn’t feel massive regardless of the 6-inch screen, thanks in part to some relatively small top and bottom bezels around the screen.. MediaTek’s processors have come a long way over the past few years, and now it’s becoming impossible to tell the difference in daily performance between this and a more expensive component in many ways. Apps launch quickly, work without lag or slowdown, and generally perform as you would expect on a significantly more expensive flagship device. Every 3D game tested ran well, with silky smooth graphics and short loading times. Most of the time the phone woke up lightning fast, with near instant recognition of fingerprints via the fingerprint scanner residing in the home button, but there seems to be a significant sleep bug that causes the phone to hang every now and then. During this period the phone stays asleep and won’t wake up for seemingly anything, however spamming the home and power buttons for a couple of seconds would eventually queue up enough instances of the wake up call to get it going again. It’s not fully clear where this issue resides, but it’s likely that a future Flyme OS update will fix it. This isn’t a complete deal breaker since it doesn’t happen all the time, but when it does happen it’s incredibly frustrating to say the least.. Benchmark results are pretty low for a modern smartphone, and are about level with Spring 2014 flagship phone levels of performance on average. Two and a half years is difficult to go back to for performance levels, but regardless of the raw numbers you probably won’t notice these much in daily performance. Check out all the benchmarks ran on the Meizu M3 Max below.. As is common with a smartphone sold primarily in China and/or Europe, LTE simply will not work in the US. 3G data and calls were superb on T-Mobile, and I found that the signal quality was stronger on T-Mobile’s 3G HSPA network than many phones out there, delivering a quality data signal inside of tough to reach buildings where others failed or had inconsistent signal quality. Be sure to check with your carrier to see if the Meizu M3 Max is compatible with its network, particularly if you’re concerned about 4G LTE connectivity.. Meizu does offer built in PPPoE and VPN connectivity though, so folks who commonly use these protocols to access other networks, or work remotely will be happy with the built-in functionality without having to download an extra app. There’s no NFC on this phone, just like many out of China don’t have, so no mobile payments will be coming from the M3 Max. Bluetooth 4.0 is also supported here, but no aptX means just regular Bluetooth audio quality.. With a 4,100mAh battery and such a low power chipset, you’d imagine the battery on the M3 Max would last well over a day and possibly encroaching on 2 full days. During the review period, however, this does not seem to be the case, and although I never found the phone even getting close to dying after a full day, I wasn’t blown away by the numbers either. On its best day at around 14 hours off the charger and just over 4 hours of screen on time, the battery hovered around the 20% mark at the end of the day. This is good but not amazing, again especially considering the size of the battery, much less taking the low power SoC into account.. Meizu’s odd battery stats don’t allow tracking longer than 12 hour blocks, but it’s likely that light to moderate users will be able to get to the end of the day with closer to 40% or so. Folks that need a quick top-up should bring the included charger with them at all times, as this proprietary 24W charging solution is a whopping 6 watts higher than the ultra fast Qualcomm Quick Charge 3.0 solution that’s popular among flagships, and will easily give you a full day’s battery top up in around 30 minutes.. Sound hasn’t been a particular focus for Meizu in the past, but they generally include good quality DACs that deliver balanced, clear sound for headphone and other audio playback. The Meizu M3 Max definitely fits this bill, as the overall sound was great on my car’s sound system, and also sounded full and clear through a number of different high quality headphones. There’s no built-in equalizer to adjust audio properties with, so if the default sound output doesn’t do your music justice, you’d better have some sort of external equalizer or software solution to deal with it.. Likewise Bluetooth audio will also sound pretty standard, as there’s no aptX support here for higher bit rate audio when devices support it. Sound coming from the bottom-facing speaker is equally as average, and essentially just gets the job done and nothing more. Music won’t sound great coming from this speaker, both because of its location and overall quality, but games and videos should be just fine when needing to use it. The speaker is at least nice and loud and only distorts slightly at the maximum volume.. Flyme 5.2 based on Android 6.0.1 Marshmallow launches with the Meizu M3 Max, which is great to see considering there have been quite a few phones launched by Meizu this year that are still on Android 5.1 Lollipop. Android 6.0 Marshmallow brought about a number of back-end improvements as well as native fingerprint reading libraries for app support, which means that apps like Paypal or maybe even your bank’s app can authenticate with your fingerprint instead of a username and password. Meizu also offers ways to lock individual apps behind a fingerprint or password. Aside from this you’re getting essentially the same Flyme OS that you’ll find on the rest of Meizu’s lineup that has been updated with Flyme 5.. Meizu’s camera software has remained largely unchanged for a long time now, for better or worse, and in general offers a fairly sub-standard set of features compared to most phones. The interface at first seems similar to other phones, with a giant white shutter button in the middle of the bottom section of the screen, flanked by a mode change button and a last picture taken thumbnail. The top/far side of the screen features a few quick toggles including flash, timer, live filters, swapping front/rear cameras, and settings.. The most obvious missing pieces when compared to other phones’ camera software is a lack of dedicated record button to quickly record a video upon camera launch, and no easy way to toggle HDR without going into settings and toggling it there. Manual mode is at least quite full featured and offers options to manually adjust shutter speed, ISO, manual focus, exposure compensation, saturation, contrast and white balance. This mode has considerably more options than most phones on the market offer by far, much less in this price range.. Launching the camera is fairly below average at this point, although it’s still quicker than less expensive new phones out of China without a custom interface. Meizu’s software in general isn’t the fastest thing in the world, but it offers some decent point and shoot speeds that’ll get the job done most of the time. There’s no super quick way to launch the camera outside of turning the screen on first and swiping out from the camera icon, so no double clicking the power or home button to immediately take a shot. One thing that is incredibly fast, even when compared to many flagships, is the speed of the burst mode. Pressing and holding on the shutter button will take as many as 30 shots in a single second, a staggering number of photos that will all but guarantee you get a good enough shot when the action is fast, such as a sporting event or other activity. Focus time is fairly slow though, so you’ll want to make sure the phone is focused and ready before taking a shot, burst or not, or else you’ll probably end up with an out of focus photo.. Quality overall isn’t anything to write home about, but in general is good for the price range and offers some solid shots depending on lighting conditions. As is almost always the case nowadays, day time shots look good and offer good zoom detail, with accurate colors and good dynamic range. HDR mode is too slow for most settings and will leave double images on all but the most still scenes, so use this sparingly. This might also be the reason Meizu continues to hide the setting instead of making it automatically toggle, or even bringing it more out in the open. Low light shots are pretty good but fall short of some other phones in this price range, namely Xiaomi’s best cameras in this price range. The amount of light let into the sensor is pretty good, but the high amounts of noise in general coupled with the heavy denoise filter means most night time photos will be pretty devoid of rich detail, but don’t come out looking terrible. The colors and light balance are at least accurate, which does a lot for night time or low light shots as a whole.. The front-facing camera is pretty decent and offers average capture in the best lighting scenarios. In darker areas you’ll find it often tries to hold the shutter open a little too long, resulting in blurry photos. It’s not terrible, but it’s not fantastic either. Video wise things are pretty standard fare now for a more budget minded phone, and you’ll find support for video recording up to 1080p/30FPS. This will get the job done and help catalog those family memories, just don’t expect award winning video quality here and you’ll be happy enough. Check out all the pictures and video we took with the Meizu M3 Max below.. Ability to grant root access without firmware modification. Some very nice software features in Flyme UI. Meizu has once again delivered a phone that’s priced well and delivers quite above expectations in some areas, while falling short in only a few. It’s hard to come by phones with a 6-inch or larger screen nowadays, so the pickings are certainly slim for the most part, but if you’re looking for a good performer with a slightly above average camera and some great features, this is a great device to look for. Folks in need of a high performance phone definitely need to look elsewhere though, as the SoC used here is pretty underpowered compared to other devices in the $250 range. This one’s a winner in some cases and not so much in others, but overall it’s a pretty good entry into a niche market that doesn’t have a ton of competition.. Amazon Prime Video Enters Canada on December 1st. Cyber Monday Sets Online Shopping Record With $3.39 Billion. Samsung Announces AI, AR-Focused Galaxy S9 & S9 Plus – MWC 2.... MWC 2018’s most notable announcement has just taken place with Samsung hosting its event and introducing its latest flagship smartphone, the Samsung Galaxy S9. This is the first major smartphone to come through from Samsung in 2018 and akin to recent Galaxy S launches, Samsung has unveiled two models: the standard Galaxy S9 and the […]. Mobile World Congress 2018 Press Day Wrap Up: All You Need T.... Mobile World Congress 2018 officially starts tomorrow for when they open the show floor up to attendees at the conference center, but today was the press day full of conferences from some of the biggest manufacturers like Nokia and Samsung, with those two being the most notable. Nokia of course revealed some pretty big details […]. Speck Has Eight Cases For Samsung’s New Galaxy S9 Devices –.... Speck has now announced its own protective cases for the brand new Samsung Galaxy S9 and Galaxy S9 Plus, which were revealed today at MWC 2018 in Barcelona. There are 8 cases in total in the new lineup. Those range in price from around $39.95 to just shy of $60 and there are several designs […]. T-Mobile Left Customer Session Vulnerable Again In December. T-Mobile apparently suffered the effects of a previously unreported vulnerability several months ago which would have allowed hackers to log into the site as any one of the company’s subscribers. In fact, the bug was reportedly noted back on December 19 and, according to a statement released by the service provider, was fixed within hours […]. Video: Samsung Galaxy S9 and S9 Plus Hands On – MWC 2018. The Samsung Galaxy S9 and Galaxy S9 Plus are both finally official, and they bring lots of new stuff to the table. Spec wise both are running the latest Snapdragon 845 chipset in the US or the Exynos 9810 internationally, and both feature at least 64GB of internal storage with microSD card support. Win A Samsung Galaxy S9 With AndroidHeadlines – International Giveaway. Samsung Exec Quiet About Galaxy X, Reaffirms Bixby Speaker. Samsung’s Galaxy S9 and Galaxy S9 Plus launch appear to have gone off without a hitch but when asked about the company’s long-rumored folding smartphone – tentatively, the Galaxy X – the company is reportedly still not talking, according to CEO DJ Koh who responded to questions about the device during the launch at MWC […]. Vodafone UK Opens Galaxy S9 & Galaxy S9 Plus Pre-Orders – MW.... The newly unveiled Samsung Galaxy S9 and Galaxy S9 Plus are officially up for pre-order at a growing number of carriers and Vodafone in the UK is another provider which joins that list. Perhaps the most anticipated flagship to be shown at this year’s MWC 2018 event, the devices will be available in three distinct […]. Hands On With The Samsung Galaxy S9 Plus – MWC 2018. Along with the Galaxy S9, Samsung also debuted the Galaxy S9 Plus at Mobile World Congress today, in Barcelona. We got a change to experience it in their “Experience Zone” after the show, and it’s a mighty fine piece of hardware. It is actually a bit more different from its smaller brother this year, other […]. Deal: Amazon Fire TV Stick With Alexa Voice Remote For $30 –.... Amazon’ Fire TV Stick is one of the better media streaming devices if you want something that gives you access to just about all your favorite movies and TV shows, as it connects you to a world of content from popular services and lets you stream that content right on the TV or monitor that […]. EE Opens Samsung Galaxy S9 & S9 Plus UK Pre-Orders. EE has now confirmed it is already accepting pre-orders for the Samsung Galaxy S9 and S9 Plus in the UK. Along with that confirmation EE has provided basic pricing details which vary depending on the plan chosen. For example, those looking to take advantage of EE’s “Essential”plan (4GB data, unlimited talk and text) can pick […]. Mobile World Congress 2018 Press Day Wrap Up: All You Need To Know. Hands On With The Samsung Galaxy S9 – MWC 2018. Samsung just took the wraps off of two new smartphones, here at Mobile World Congress. Which include the Galaxy S9 and Galaxy S9 Plus. Surprisingly, there is a lot more in terms of differences this year, than just the screen sizes. The smaller, Galaxy S9, has just one camera on the backside. O2 Galaxy S9 & Galaxy S9 Plus Pre-Orders Go Live – MWC 2018.... O2 Galaxy S9 and Galaxy S9 Plus pre-orders have gone live, and are currently ready for those looking to place their orders as soon as possible. O2 says the pre-orders are available online but it doesn’t state that they’re not available in O2 retail stores, so anyone looking to place those orders in person may […]. Sprint Confirms March 16 Galaxy S9 & Galaxy S9 Plus Launch –.... Sprint is set to officially launch the Galaxy S9 on March 16 alongside the Galaxy S9 Plus, Samsung’s newest phones which it just unveiled today during Mobile World Congress at the Galaxy Unpacked press conference. The Galaxy S9 and Galaxy S9 Plus were originally thought to be coming to market as Samsung’s most expensive phones […]. Video: T-Mobile Unboxes Samsung Galaxy S9 On The “Moon”. T-Mobile Product Marketing official Desmond Smith is back with his series of extreme smartphone unboxing videos but is doing things a bit differently for Samsung’s Galaxy S9 and Galaxy S9 Plus. While the setting of his latest unboxing is still unconventional, it’s far less adrenaline-inducing than the environments featured in previous installments of his long-running […]. Samsung Galaxy S9 & S9 Plus Compatible With 2017 Gear VR – M.... Samsung held its MWC 2018 event today where the Galaxy S9 and S9 Plus were both formally announced. The event focused quite heavily on the camera features on offer with these phones, and at both the hardware and software levels. What was largely absent from the event, however, was any detailed talk on virtual reality […]. Video: Samsung Galaxy S9 and S9 Plus Hands On – MWC 2018. Best Samsung Galaxy S9 & S9 Plus Accessories – February 2018.... The Samsung Galaxy S9 and Galaxy S9 Plus are now official and available for pre-order. It’ll be arriving shortly, and now is the time to go ahead and pick up some accessories for your new smartphone. Whether that be a new case, a screen protector, maybe some headphones or even a car mount. Motorola’s New Ad Seems Like Subtle Dig At Competing OEMs. At just 16-seconds in length, Motorola’s latest brand advertisement appears to make no qualms about what the company sees as a common issue in the mobile industry. In fact, it could easily be seen as an indirect dig at some of the Lenovo-owned company’s larger competitors, such as Samsung or Apple. Samsung Outs SmartThings App For Galaxy S9 – MWC 2018. Major OEM Samsung is not only announcing the Galaxy S9 and Galaxy S9 Plus today, but also a new version of the dedicated SmartThings app that will release alongside the new flagships and allow them to act in full capacity as users’ IoT hubs. Along with being able to use all the features of the […]. Samsung Galaxy S9 Boasts ‘Refined’ Screen, ‘Cinematic’ Audio.... Samsung has revealed how its recently announced Galaxy S9 lineup improves upon the Infinity Display that debuted with last year’s Galaxy S8 series. The South Korean company’s latest flagships improve upon their predecessors in a number of areas, with the. camera and AI features being the main focus. Galaxy S9 Camera Features Better Slow-Mo, Bixby Integration. Samsung is kicking off its time at this year’s Mobile World Congress by outing the Galaxy S9 and Galaxy S9 Plus in a series of focused looks at different aspects of the phone, and the camera in particular brings a ton of new features and improvements, such as Super Slow-Mo and deeper integration with the […]. Hands On With The Samsung Galaxy S9 Plus – MWC 2018. Galaxy S9 Combines Iris & Face Scanning, Simplifies Security.... With Samsung’s Galaxy S9 and Galaxy S9 Plus now officially revealed at MWC 2018, the company has continued the rollout of related product information, specifically highlighting the security features of the two flagships. The firm has unsurprisingly continued to bolster and improve the implementation of its already well-known Knox feature for enterprise and personal users […]. Samsung Galaxy S9 Starts At $960 CAD Unlocked In Canada. The unlocked variant of the Galaxy S9 will start at $960 CAD in Canada, whereas the Galaxy S9 Plus will be priced at $1,100 CAD.. Consumers looking to acquire the new devices on a contract will be met with an upfront fee of $249 CAD for the Galaxy S9 and $379 CAD for the Galaxy […]. Galaxy S9 & Galaxy S9 Plus Come To Xfinity Mobile March 16 –.... The Samsung Galaxy S9 and Galaxy S9 Plus will come to Xfinity Mobile on March 16 just as with the other carriers in the U.S. and with Samsung’s own online store. Xfinity Mobile customers will be able to get up to $450 off the price of either phone when utilizing a coupe of promotions that […]. Samsung Shares Insights Into 9 New Galaxy S9 Features – MWC.... Tying in with its MWC 2018 reveal of the new Samsung Galaxy S9 and Galaxy S9 Plus, Samsung has now released a new set of hands-on videos showing off 9 of those flagships’ best features. Those, of course, include an overview of the overall design refinements made on top of the Galaxy S8 and Galaxy […]. Qualcomm Snapdragon 845 Powers Samsung Galaxy S9 US Models –.... Qualcomm’s Snapdragon 845 chip is set to power the U.S. variants of the Galaxy S9 and Galaxy S9 Plus, the chipmaker confirmed Sunday, shortly after Samsung officially announced its latest Android flagships. Gigabit LTE and UHD Premium video recording boasted by the newly unveiled devices are directly enabled by the Snapdragon 845, Qualcomm claims. Hands On With The Samsung Galaxy S9 – MWC 2018. AT&T To Launch Galaxy S9, Galaxy S9 Plus March 16 From $790.... AT&T is set to launch the Galaxy S9 and Galaxy S9 Plus on March 16 from $790, which will be the cost of the Galaxy S9, while the Galaxy S9 Plus will be quite a bit more for a retail cost of $915. As to exact pricing, AT&T will be offering both phones on the […]. Samsung Galaxy S9, S9 Plus US Availability & Pricing – MWC 2.... The Samsung Galaxy S9 and S9 Plus are now official having been introduced by Samsung today during the company’s MWC 2018 event. Along with the announcement, Samsung has provided some details regarding general – specific to US consumers – pricing and availability. For example, and while prices will vary somewhat if purchased through a carrier, […]. Galaxy S9 & Galaxy S9 Plus Come To Verizon March 16 – MWC 20.... The Samsung Galaxy S9 and Galaxy S9 Plus come to Verizon Wireless on March 16, which is just a few short weeks away. Samsung officially announced the two new phones, its latest flagships, at its Galaxy Unpacked press conference today during Mobile World Congress, showcasing the latest and greatest that it has to offer and […]. T-Mobile Galaxy S9 Hits March 16, Pre-Orders Start March 2 –.... T-Mobile’s Samsung Galaxy S9 and Galaxy S9 Plus will launch on March 16 with pre-orders beginning on march 2, following Samsung’s official announcement of the device today at its Galaxy Unpacked event during Mobile World Congress 2018. The carrier will sell three of the four colors that Samsung has produced including the Midnight Black, Coral […]. Samsung Galaxy S9 Boasts AR Emoji, Better Biometrics & More.... Samsung on Sunday officially announced the Galaxy S9 and Galaxy S9 Plus following months of anticipation and rumors, having revealed its most capable Android flagships to date. Beyond boasting about their raw processing power, the South Korean phone maker also spent a lot of time talking about various special features of its new series, and […]. Best Samsung Galaxy S9 & S9 Plus Accessories – February 2018. Galaxy S9 & S9 Plus Available Globally Starting March 16 – M.... Samsung had introduced its new flagship smartphones, the Galaxy S9 and Galaxy S9 Plus, earlier today, and along with the announcement itself, the company shared some availability info for the two phones. It was announced that the Galaxy S9 and Galaxy S9 Plus will go on sale on March 16 in ‘select markets’, while no […]. Samsung Galaxy S9 Camera Has Record-Wide & Variable Aperture.... Samsung on Sunday announced its latest Android flagships following much anticipation, having unveiled them in the form of the Galaxy S9 and Galaxy S9 Plus at the latest iteration of Mobile World Congress in Barcelona, Spain. While the smartphones are arguably offering incremental upgrades over their predecessors in most aspects, they are promising to deliver […]. Specs: Samsung Galaxy S9 Plus – MWC 2018. The Samsung Galaxy S9 and Galaxy S9 Plus were announced earlier today in Barcelona, we’ve already talked about both of those phones, and took a closer look at the Galaxy S9’s specs, so it’s time to do the same for the Galaxy S9 Plus. Before we start talking about specs, though, it’s worth noting that […]. Samsung Galaxy S9 Messages App Uses Tenor GIF Search Engine.... The default Samsung Messages app pre-installed on the newly announced Galaxy S9 and Galaxy S9 Plus will feature native support for GIF search engine Tenor, the two companies said Sunday. The same feature will also be distributed to other Samsung-made devices once it debuts on the Galaxy S9 lineup, with Tenor confirming the rollout will […]. Specs: Samsung Galaxy S9 – MWC 2018. Samsung introduced its new flagship smartphones today,. the Galaxy S9 and Galaxy S9 Plus, and despite the fact they look almost identical, they do ship with somewhat different spec sheets, so we’re here to take a closer look at what the Galaxy S9 has to offer in that regard. The Galaxy S9 and Galaxy S9 Plus […]. Samsung Galaxy S9, S9 Plus US Availability & Pricing – MWC 2018. Samsung Galaxy S9 Uses Galaxy S8 Battery More Efficiently –.... Samsung announced the latest additions to its Android flagship portfolio, having unveiled them in the form of the Galaxy S9 and Galaxy S9 Plus earlier today. The two devices sport the same Infinity Display AMOLED panels as their predecessors and are similar in terms of their overall physical footprint, thus also featuring Li-Ion batteries similar […]. Nokia Commits Most Future Smartphones To Android One – MWC 2.... Nokia is committing most future smartphones to Android One according to the company, which just announced the changes for its smartphone lineups going forward at Mobile World Congress 2018 during its press conference. Worth noting is that it will have some phones that will be part of the Android Go program as well, but save […]. Nokia 6 (2018) With Android One & Nokia 8110 4G Now Official.... HMD Global took to this year’s iteration of Mobile World Congress to announce five new devices, including a revised version of the Nokia 6 (2018) which originally launched in China early last month. The new model that’s now coming to the West is being released as part of Google’s Android One program meant to showcase […]. Nokia 8 Sirocco Android One Smartphone Announced With SD835.... HMD Global announced five smartphones during its MWC 2018 press conference, and one of those smartphones is the Nokia 8 Sirocco. This handset has been leaking for quite some time now, and the Nokia 8 Sirocco is actually both the most powerful and most expensive device HMD announced today. This is one of two Nokia-branded, […]. ZTE Showcases 5G Phone Prototype Supporting 1.2Gbps Speeds –.... ZTE arrived at the latest iteration of Mobile World Congress to announce a plethora of new products and showcase multiple hi-tech solutions, including its prototype of a 5G-ready smartphone. While the company already managed to break the gigabit mark last year, its latest invention supports download speeds of up to 1.2Gbps, with ZTE describing it […]. Galaxy S9 & S9 Plus Available Globally Starting March 16 – MWC 2018. Get your app reviewd by our editorial staff. Let us know your insider tip. 
Android News VIEW MORE Google Pixel HTC Huawei Lenovo LG Motorola Nokia OnePlus Samsung Sony Android Auto Android India News Android Wear Android Pay Android Tablets Best Android Phones Android TV Android Updates Amazon Google News VIEW MORE Google Assistant Google Maps Google Photos Google Hangouts Google Play Google Translate Google Voice Google fi Google Nexus Google Chromebook Google Drive Google Home Google Pixel Google Nexus Tech News VIEW MORE VR Artificial Intelligence Home Automation Self Driving Car Robot Vacuum 5G News IOT Samsung News VIEW MORE Samsung Pay Samsung Gear Samsung Tablets Samsung Phones Samsung Galaxy S8 Samsung Galaxy S7 Samsung Galaxy S6 Samsung Galaxy S5 Samsung Galaxy S4 Samsung Galaxy S3 Samsung Galaxy Note 3 News Samsung Galaxy Note 4 Samsung Galaxy Note 5 News Samsung Galaxy Note 8 News Samsung Galaxy S9 5G News Smart Home MWC Reviews Tech Deals More Shop Best Cell Phone Deals Advertise About Staff Privacy Policy Contact Reviews Giveaways News Tips Deals Join Our Team. Vodafone UK Opens Galaxy S9 & Galaxy S9 Plus Pre-Orders – MWC 2018. Hands On With The Samsung Galaxy S9 Plus – MWC 2018. EE Opens Samsung Galaxy S9 & S9 Plus UK Pre-Orders. Hands On With The Samsung Galaxy S9 – MWC 2018. O2 Galaxy S9 & Galaxy S9 Plus Pre-Orders Go Live – MWC 2018. Touchpad Pinch-To-Zoom Support Coming To All Chromebooks. YouTube’s Hollywood Investments To Stay Flat By 2020: Report. DeepMind & VA Team Up With Hopes Of Fighting Kidney Problems. Tech Talk: How Can Google Assistant Continue To Improve?. & Screen-Enabled ARCHOS Hello Unveiled Before MWC 2018. Samsung Galaxy S9 & S9 Plus Compatible With 2017 Gear VR – MWC 2018. ZTE Showcases 5G Phone Prototype Supporting 1.2Gbps Speeds – MWC 2018. Energous Showcasing Truly Wireless WattUp Chargers – MWC 2018. Nokia & China Mobile Announce B2B 5G Partnership – MWC 2018. Intel Promises 5G & Improved Media For 2020 Summer Olympics – MWC 2018. Samsung Exec Quiet About Galaxy X, Reaffirms Bixby Speaker. Vodafone UK Opens Galaxy S9 & Galaxy S9 Plus Pre-Orders – MWC 2018. Hands On With The Samsung Galaxy S9 Plus – MWC 2018. EE Opens Samsung Galaxy S9 & S9 Plus UK Pre-Orders. Hands On With The Samsung Galaxy S9 – MWC 2018. Best Fitness Trackers Buyers Guide – February 2018. Best $300 Rugged Phone Review – CAT vs Blackview. Samsung Exec Quiet About Galaxy X, Reaffirms Bixby Speaker. Win A OnePlus 5T Bundle With OnePlus & AndroidHeadlines – International Giveaway. How To: Reinstall Pre-Redesign Snapchat App On Android. Best Portable Battery Packs For Huawei Mate 10 Pro – February 2018. Android News Close Android Android Auto Android India News Android News Android Pay Android Phones Best Android Phones Android Tablets Android TV NVIDIA SHIELD Android Updates Android Wear Amazon Close Amazon Amazon Alexa Amazon Kindle Apps Close Apps Android Developer Android Games App Reviews Best Apps & games Facebook Instagram Netflix Snapchat Spotify Twitter Uber Whatsapp Youtube ASUS Close ASUS Asus Phones Best Cell Phone Deals BlackBerry Close BlackBerry Blackberry Phones Carriers Close Carriers AT&T Sprint T-Mobile Verizon Chinese Smartphones Close Chinese Smartphones Bluboo Doogee Elephone Gionee Honor Leeco Oukitel Meizu Oppo UMIDIGI Gift Guide Giveaways Google Close Google Google News Google Apps Google Assistant Google Car Google Chrome Google Chromebook Google Chromecast Google Drive Google fi Google Hangouts Google Home Google Maps Google Nexus Google Photos Google Pixel Google Play Google Play Music Google Play Services Google Translate Google Voice HTC Close HTC HTC Phones Huawei Close Huawei Huawei Phones Lenovo Close Lenovo Lenovo Phones LG Close LG LG Phones LG Smartwatch LG Tablets Mobile Events Close Mobile Events Awards CES Google IO IFA Mobile World Congress Motorola Close Motorola Motorola Phones Motorola Smartwatches Nokia Close Nokia Nokia Phones Nokia 6 OnePlus Close OnePlus OnePlus Phones OnePlus One OnePlus 2 OnePlus X OnePlus 3 OnePlus 5 Phone Comparisons Reviews Samsung Close Samsung Samsung Pay Samsung Phones Samsung Galaxy Note 3 News Samsung Galaxy Note 4 Samsung Galaxy Note 5 News Samsung Galaxy Note 8 News Samsung Galaxy S3 Samsung Galaxy S4 Samsung Galaxy S5 Samsung Galaxy S6 Samsung Galaxy S7 Samsung Galaxy S8 Samsung Galaxy S9 News Samsung Gear Samsung Tablets Smartwatches Close Smartwatches Best Smartwatches Sony Close Sony Sony Phones Tech News Close Tech News 5G News Artificial Intelligence IOT Home Automation Self Driving Car Robot Vacuum VR Various Smartphones Close ZTE Blu Wearables Xiaomi Close Xiaomi Xiaomi Phones Special Features News Tips Contact Join Our Team. Android News Android Android Auto Android India News Android News Android Pay Android Phones Best Android Phones Android Tablets Android TV NVIDIA SHIELD Android Updates Android Wear Amazon Amazon Amazon Alexa Amazon Kindle Apps Apps Android Developer Android Games App Reviews Best Apps & games Facebook Instagram Netflix Snapchat Spotify Twitter Uber Whatsapp Youtube ASUS ASUS Asus Phones Best Cell Phone Deals BlackBerry BlackBerry Blackberry Phones Carriers Carriers AT&T Sprint T-Mobile Verizon Chinese Smartphones Chinese Smartphones Bluboo Doogee Elephone Gionee Honor Leeco Oukitel Meizu Oppo UMIDIGI Gift Guide Giveaways Google Google Google News Google Apps Google Assistant Google Car Google Chrome Google Chromebook Google Chromecast Google Drive Google fi Google Hangouts Google Home Google Maps Google Nexus Google Photos Google Pixel Google Play Google Play Music Google Play Services Google Translate Google Voice HTC HTC HTC Phones Huawei Huawei Huawei Phones Lenovo Lenovo Lenovo Phones LG LG LG Phones LG Smartwatch LG Tablets Mobile Events Mobile Events Awards CES Google IO IFA Mobile World Congress Motorola Motorola Motorola Phones Motorola Smartwatches Nokia Nokia Nokia Phones Nokia 6 OnePlus OnePlus OnePlus Phones OnePlus One OnePlus 2 OnePlus X OnePlus 3 OnePlus 5 Phone Comparisons Reviews Samsung Samsung Samsung Pay Samsung Phones Samsung Galaxy Note 3 News Samsung Galaxy Note 4 Samsung Galaxy Note 5 News Samsung Galaxy Note 8 News Samsung Galaxy S3 Samsung Galaxy S4 Samsung Galaxy S5 Samsung Galaxy S6 Samsung Galaxy S7 Samsung Galaxy S8 Samsung Galaxy S9 News Samsung Gear Samsung Tablets Smartwatches Smartwatches Best Smartwatches Sony Sony Sony Phones Tech News Tech News 5G News Artificial Intelligence IOT Home Automation Self Driving Car Robot Vacuum VR Various Smartphones ZTE Blu Wearables Xiaomi Xiaomi Xiaomi Phones Special Features News Tips Contact Join Our Team. Win A OnePlus 5T Bundle With OnePlus & AndroidHeadlines – International Giveaway Win An LG V30+ Smartphone With LG & AndroidHeadlines – International Giveaway. Deal: Amazon Fire TV Stick With Alexa Voice Remote For $30 – 02/25/18 Best Samsung Galaxy S9 & S9 Plus Accessories – February 2018 GearBest Deal: 6GB RAM Xiaomi Mi 6 For $379.99 W/Coupon GearBest Deal: 8GB RAM OnePlus 5T For $629.99 W/Coupon Electronics Deals – Feb. 23, 2018: Amazon, Dell, Google Pixel & More. Vodafone UK Opens Galaxy S9 & Galaxy S9 Plus Pre-Orders – MWC 2018 Hands On With The Samsung Galaxy S9 Plus – MWC 2018 EE Opens Samsung Galaxy S9 & S9 Plus UK Pre-Orders. Samsung Exec Quiet About Galaxy X, Reaffirms Bixby Speaker Vodafone UK Opens Galaxy S9 & Galaxy S9 Plus Pre-Orders – MWC 2018 Hands On With The Samsung Galaxy S9 Plus – MWC 2018. Cubot X18 Plus Review – A Slim Budget Device That Performs Best $300 Rugged Phone Review – CAT vs Blackview Blackview BV9000 Pro Review – Rugged, Fast, Built to Last. Samsung Galaxy S9 & S9 Plus Compatible With 2017 Gear VR – MWC 2018 ZTE Showcases 5G Phone Prototype Supporting 1.2Gbps Speeds – MWC 2018 Energous Showcasing Truly Wireless WattUp Chargers – MWC 2018. Best Portable Battery Packs For Huawei Mate 10 Pro – February 2018 Best Sony Xperia XZ1 Accessories – February 2018 Best Bluetooth Wireless Headphones – February 2018. Best Android Apps – February 2018 Best Android Apps — Language Learning — February 2018 Best Android Apps — Pets — February 2018 Best Android Apps — Valentine’s Day — February 2018. 6-Inch Meizu M3 Max Is Now Official With A 4,100mAh Battery. September 5, 2016 - Written By Kristijan Lucic. The Meizu PRO 5 was the last phablet this China-based company had released. This device was introduced back in September last year, and was actually Meizu’s flagship at the time. Well, the Meizu PRO 5 might still be the flagship phablet of this company, though the Meizu PRO 6 is now considered to be the company’s most powerful smartphone. In any case, the company has been teasing the arrival of a new phablet, the Meizu M3 Max, for quite some time now. We knew that the M3 Max will sport mid-range specifications, and that it will be announced today, and that’s exactly what just happened, read on.. Meizu has just introduced the Meizu M3 Max during their press conference in China. The Meizu M3 Max features a 6-inch fullHD (1920 x 1080) IPS display, 3GB of RAM and 64GB of expandable native storage. The device is fueled by the Helio P10 64-bit octa-core processor, and a 4,100mAh battery (24W mCharge fast charging) is included on the inside, and is expected to keep the lights on for quite some time, as it is quite a beefy battery pack, despite the fact we’re looking at a 6-inch display here. The 13-megapixel shooter (Sony’s IMX258 sensor, f/2.2 aperture, PDAF) is available on the back of the Meizu M3 Max, while you’ll be able to find a 5-megapixel snapper (f/2.0 aperture, 4P lens) on the phone’s front side. The Type-C USB port is available on the bottom of this phone, while the company’s mBack multifunctional physical home key is once again placed below the display, and it doubles as a fingerprint scanner. The Meizu M3 Max offers support for VoLTE, and the device’s speaker is placed on the bottom of this phone. Android 6.0 Marshmallow comes pre-installed on the Meizu M3 Max, and the company’s Flyme OS 5.2 is available on top of Google’s offering. This is a dual-SIM (2 x Nano SIM) smartphone, and you can use the second SIM card slot in order to expand the phone’s internal storage.. Win A OnePlus 5T Bundle With OnePlus & AndroidHeadlines – International Giveaway/ Contest, Enter Today!. The Meizu M3 Max will be available in Gray, Silver, Rose Gold and Champagne Gold color variants, while the phone measures 163.4 x 81.6 x 7.94mm, and weighs 189 grams. This smartphone is, just like a number of other Meizu-branded smartphones, made out of metal, and its battery is not removable, The antenna bands are visible on the back of the device, and the general design resembles most other Meizu-branded smartphones released in the last couple of years. The Meizu M3 Max is priced at 1,699 Yuan ($254), and will go on sale starting from September 15th, while reservations kick off today.. iMan Victor Features 3GB Of RAM And A Liquid Metal Frame. Report: Flyme 6 To Launch Alongside The Meizu PRO 7. Android Phones , Chinese Smartphones , Meizu. Samsung Announces AI, AR-Focused Galaxy S9 & S9 Plus – MWC 2.... MWC 2018’s most notable announcement has just taken place with Samsung hosting its event and introducing its latest flagship smartphone, the Samsung Galaxy S9. This is the first major smartphone to come through from Samsung in 2018 and akin to recent Galaxy S launches, Samsung has unveiled two models: the standard Galaxy S9 and the […]. Mobile World Congress 2018 Press Day Wrap Up: All You Need T.... Mobile World Congress 2018 officially starts tomorrow for when they open the show floor up to attendees at the conference center, but today was the press day full of conferences from some of the biggest manufacturers like Nokia and Samsung, with those two being the most notable. Nokia of course revealed some pretty big details […]. Speck Has Eight Cases For Samsung’s New Galaxy S9 Devices –.... Speck has now announced its own protective cases for the brand new Samsung Galaxy S9 and Galaxy S9 Plus, which were revealed today at MWC 2018 in Barcelona. There are 8 cases in total in the new lineup. Those range in price from around $39.95 to just shy of $60 and there are several designs […]. T-Mobile Left Customer Session Vulnerable Again In December. T-Mobile apparently suffered the effects of a previously unreported vulnerability several months ago which would have allowed hackers to log into the site as any one of the company’s subscribers. In fact, the bug was reportedly noted back on December 19 and, according to a statement released by the service provider, was fixed within hours […]. Video: Samsung Galaxy S9 and S9 Plus Hands On – MWC 2018. The Samsung Galaxy S9 and Galaxy S9 Plus are both finally official, and they bring lots of new stuff to the table. Spec wise both are running the latest Snapdragon 845 chipset in the US or the Exynos 9810 internationally, and both feature at least 64GB of internal storage with microSD card support. Win A Samsung Galaxy S9 With AndroidHeadlines – International Giveaway. Samsung Exec Quiet About Galaxy X, Reaffirms Bixby Speaker. Samsung’s Galaxy S9 and Galaxy S9 Plus launch appear to have gone off without a hitch but when asked about the company’s long-rumored folding smartphone – tentatively, the Galaxy X – the company is reportedly still not talking, according to CEO DJ Koh who responded to questions about the device during the launch at MWC […]. Vodafone UK Opens Galaxy S9 & Galaxy S9 Plus Pre-Orders – MW.... The newly unveiled Samsung Galaxy S9 and Galaxy S9 Plus are officially up for pre-order at a growing number of carriers and Vodafone in the UK is another provider which joins that list. Perhaps the most anticipated flagship to be shown at this year’s MWC 2018 event, the devices will be available in three distinct […]. Hands On With The Samsung Galaxy S9 Plus – MWC 2018. Along with the Galaxy S9, Samsung also debuted the Galaxy S9 Plus at Mobile World Congress today, in Barcelona. We got a change to experience it in their “Experience Zone” after the show, and it’s a mighty fine piece of hardware. It is actually a bit more different from its smaller brother this year, other […]. Deal: Amazon Fire TV Stick With Alexa Voice Remote For $30 –.... Amazon’ Fire TV Stick is one of the better media streaming devices if you want something that gives you access to just about all your favorite movies and TV shows, as it connects you to a world of content from popular services and lets you stream that content right on the TV or monitor that […]. EE Opens Samsung Galaxy S9 & S9 Plus UK Pre-Orders. EE has now confirmed it is already accepting pre-orders for the Samsung Galaxy S9 and S9 Plus in the UK. Along with that confirmation EE has provided basic pricing details which vary depending on the plan chosen. For example, those looking to take advantage of EE’s “Essential”plan (4GB data, unlimited talk and text) can pick […]. Mobile World Congress 2018 Press Day Wrap Up: All You Need To Know. Hands On With The Samsung Galaxy S9 – MWC 2018. Samsung just took the wraps off of two new smartphones, here at Mobile World Congress. Which include the Galaxy S9 and Galaxy S9 Plus. Surprisingly, there is a lot more in terms of differences this year, than just the screen sizes. The smaller, Galaxy S9, has just one camera on the backside. O2 Galaxy S9 & Galaxy S9 Plus Pre-Orders Go Live – MWC 2018.... O2 Galaxy S9 and Galaxy S9 Plus pre-orders have gone live, and are currently ready for those looking to place their orders as soon as possible. O2 says the pre-orders are available online but it doesn’t state that they’re not available in O2 retail stores, so anyone looking to place those orders in person may […]. Sprint Confirms March 16 Galaxy S9 & Galaxy S9 Plus Launch –.... Sprint is set to officially launch the Galaxy S9 on March 16 alongside the Galaxy S9 Plus, Samsung’s newest phones which it just unveiled today during Mobile World Congress at the Galaxy Unpacked press conference. The Galaxy S9 and Galaxy S9 Plus were originally thought to be coming to market as Samsung’s most expensive phones […]. Video: T-Mobile Unboxes Samsung Galaxy S9 On The “Moon”. T-Mobile Product Marketing official Desmond Smith is back with his series of extreme smartphone unboxing videos but is doing things a bit differently for Samsung’s Galaxy S9 and Galaxy S9 Plus. While the setting of his latest unboxing is still unconventional, it’s far less adrenaline-inducing than the environments featured in previous installments of his long-running […]. Samsung Galaxy S9 & S9 Plus Compatible With 2017 Gear VR – M.... Samsung held its MWC 2018 event today where the Galaxy S9 and S9 Plus were both formally announced. The event focused quite heavily on the camera features on offer with these phones, and at both the hardware and software levels. What was largely absent from the event, however, was any detailed talk on virtual reality […]. Video: Samsung Galaxy S9 and S9 Plus Hands On – MWC 2018. Best Samsung Galaxy S9 & S9 Plus Accessories – February 2018.... The Samsung Galaxy S9 and Galaxy S9 Plus are now official and available for pre-order. It’ll be arriving shortly, and now is the time to go ahead and pick up some accessories for your new smartphone. Whether that be a new case, a screen protector, maybe some headphones or even a car mount. Motorola’s New Ad Seems Like Subtle Dig At Competing OEMs. At just 16-seconds in length, Motorola’s latest brand advertisement appears to make no qualms about what the company sees as a common issue in the mobile industry. In fact, it could easily be seen as an indirect dig at some of the Lenovo-owned company’s larger competitors, such as Samsung or Apple. Samsung Outs SmartThings App For Galaxy S9 – MWC 2018. Major OEM Samsung is not only announcing the Galaxy S9 and Galaxy S9 Plus today, but also a new version of the dedicated SmartThings app that will release alongside the new flagships and allow them to act in full capacity as users’ IoT hubs. Along with being able to use all the features of the […]. Samsung Galaxy S9 Boasts ‘Refined’ Screen, ‘Cinematic’ Audio.... Samsung has revealed how its recently announced Galaxy S9 lineup improves upon the Infinity Display that debuted with last year’s Galaxy S8 series. The South Korean company’s latest flagships improve upon their predecessors in a number of areas, with the. camera and AI features being the main focus. Galaxy S9 Camera Features Better Slow-Mo, Bixby Integration. Samsung is kicking off its time at this year’s Mobile World Congress by outing the Galaxy S9 and Galaxy S9 Plus in a series of focused looks at different aspects of the phone, and the camera in particular brings a ton of new features and improvements, such as Super Slow-Mo and deeper integration with the […]. Hands On With The Samsung Galaxy S9 Plus – MWC 2018. Galaxy S9 Combines Iris & Face Scanning, Simplifies Security.... With Samsung’s Galaxy S9 and Galaxy S9 Plus now officially revealed at MWC 2018, the company has continued the rollout of related product information, specifically highlighting the security features of the two flagships. The firm has unsurprisingly continued to bolster and improve the implementation of its already well-known Knox feature for enterprise and personal users […]. Samsung Galaxy S9 Starts At $960 CAD Unlocked In Canada. The unlocked variant of the Galaxy S9 will start at $960 CAD in Canada, whereas the Galaxy S9 Plus will be priced at $1,100 CAD.. Consumers looking to acquire the new devices on a contract will be met with an upfront fee of $249 CAD for the Galaxy S9 and $379 CAD for the Galaxy […]. Galaxy S9 & Galaxy S9 Plus Come To Xfinity Mobile March 16 –.... The Samsung Galaxy S9 and Galaxy S9 Plus will come to Xfinity Mobile on March 16 just as with the other carriers in the U.S. and with Samsung’s own online store. Xfinity Mobile customers will be able to get up to $450 off the price of either phone when utilizing a coupe of promotions that […]. Samsung Shares Insights Into 9 New Galaxy S9 Features – MWC.... Tying in with its MWC 2018 reveal of the new Samsung Galaxy S9 and Galaxy S9 Plus, Samsung has now released a new set of hands-on videos showing off 9 of those flagships’ best features. Those, of course, include an overview of the overall design refinements made on top of the Galaxy S8 and Galaxy […]. Qualcomm Snapdragon 845 Powers Samsung Galaxy S9 US Models –.... Qualcomm’s Snapdragon 845 chip is set to power the U.S. variants of the Galaxy S9 and Galaxy S9 Plus, the chipmaker confirmed Sunday, shortly after Samsung officially announced its latest Android flagships. Gigabit LTE and UHD Premium video recording boasted by the newly unveiled devices are directly enabled by the Snapdragon 845, Qualcomm claims. Hands On With The Samsung Galaxy S9 – MWC 2018. AT&T To Launch Galaxy S9, Galaxy S9 Plus March 16 From $790.... AT&T is set to launch the Galaxy S9 and Galaxy S9 Plus on March 16 from $790, which will be the cost of the Galaxy S9, while the Galaxy S9 Plus will be quite a bit more for a retail cost of $915. As to exact pricing, AT&T will be offering both phones on the […]. Samsung Galaxy S9, S9 Plus US Availability & Pricing – MWC 2.... The Samsung Galaxy S9 and S9 Plus are now official having been introduced by Samsung today during the company’s MWC 2018 event. Along with the announcement, Samsung has provided some details regarding general – specific to US consumers – pricing and availability. For example, and while prices will vary somewhat if purchased through a carrier, […]. Galaxy S9 & Galaxy S9 Plus Come To Verizon March 16 – MWC 20.... The Samsung Galaxy S9 and Galaxy S9 Plus come to Verizon Wireless on March 16, which is just a few short weeks away. Samsung officially announced the two new phones, its latest flagships, at its Galaxy Unpacked press conference today during Mobile World Congress, showcasing the latest and greatest that it has to offer and […]. T-Mobile Galaxy S9 Hits March 16, Pre-Orders Start March 2 –.... T-Mobile’s Samsung Galaxy S9 and Galaxy S9 Plus will launch on March 16 with pre-orders beginning on march 2, following Samsung’s official announcement of the device today at its Galaxy Unpacked event during Mobile World Congress 2018. The carrier will sell three of the four colors that Samsung has produced including the Midnight Black, Coral […]. Samsung Galaxy S9 Boasts AR Emoji, Better Biometrics & More.... Samsung on Sunday officially announced the Galaxy S9 and Galaxy S9 Plus following months of anticipation and rumors, having revealed its most capable Android flagships to date. Beyond boasting about their raw processing power, the South Korean phone maker also spent a lot of time talking about various special features of its new series, and […]. Best Samsung Galaxy S9 & S9 Plus Accessories – February 2018. Galaxy S9 & S9 Plus Available Globally Starting March 16 – M.... Samsung had introduced its new flagship smartphones, the Galaxy S9 and Galaxy S9 Plus, earlier today, and along with the announcement itself, the company shared some availability info for the two phones. It was announced that the Galaxy S9 and Galaxy S9 Plus will go on sale on March 16 in ‘select markets’, while no […]. Samsung Galaxy S9 Camera Has Record-Wide & Variable Aperture.... Samsung on Sunday announced its latest Android flagships following much anticipation, having unveiled them in the form of the Galaxy S9 and Galaxy S9 Plus at the latest iteration of Mobile World Congress in Barcelona, Spain. While the smartphones are arguably offering incremental upgrades over their predecessors in most aspects, they are promising to deliver […]. Specs: Samsung Galaxy S9 Plus – MWC 2018. The Samsung Galaxy S9 and Galaxy S9 Plus were announced earlier today in Barcelona, we’ve already talked about both of those phones, and took a closer look at the Galaxy S9’s specs, so it’s time to do the same for the Galaxy S9 Plus. Before we start talking about specs, though, it’s worth noting that […]. Samsung Galaxy S9 Messages App Uses Tenor GIF Search Engine.... The default Samsung Messages app pre-installed on the newly announced Galaxy S9 and Galaxy S9 Plus will feature native support for GIF search engine Tenor, the two companies said Sunday. The same feature will also be distributed to other Samsung-made devices once it debuts on the Galaxy S9 lineup, with Tenor confirming the rollout will […]. Specs: Samsung Galaxy S9 – MWC 2018. Samsung introduced its new flagship smartphones today,. the Galaxy S9 and Galaxy S9 Plus, and despite the fact they look almost identical, they do ship with somewhat different spec sheets, so we’re here to take a closer look at what the Galaxy S9 has to offer in that regard. The Galaxy S9 and Galaxy S9 Plus […]. Samsung Galaxy S9, S9 Plus US Availability & Pricing – MWC 2018. Samsung Galaxy S9 Uses Galaxy S8 Battery More Efficiently –.... Samsung announced the latest additions to its Android flagship portfolio, having unveiled them in the form of the Galaxy S9 and Galaxy S9 Plus earlier today. The two devices sport the same Infinity Display AMOLED panels as their predecessors and are similar in terms of their overall physical footprint, thus also featuring Li-Ion batteries similar […]. Nokia Commits Most Future Smartphones To Android One – MWC 2.... Nokia is committing most future smartphones to Android One according to the company, which just announced the changes for its smartphone lineups going forward at Mobile World Congress 2018 during its press conference. Worth noting is that it will have some phones that will be part of the Android Go program as well, but save […]. Nokia 6 (2018) With Android One & Nokia 8110 4G Now Official.... HMD Global took to this year’s iteration of Mobile World Congress to announce five new devices, including a revised version of the Nokia 6 (2018) which originally launched in China early last month. The new model that’s now coming to the West is being released as part of Google’s Android One program meant to showcase […]. Nokia 8 Sirocco Android One Smartphone Announced With SD835.... HMD Global announced five smartphones during its MWC 2018 press conference, and one of those smartphones is the Nokia 8 Sirocco. This handset has been leaking for quite some time now, and the Nokia 8 Sirocco is actually both the most powerful and most expensive device HMD announced today. This is one of two Nokia-branded, […]. ZTE Showcases 5G Phone Prototype Supporting 1.2Gbps Speeds –.... ZTE arrived at the latest iteration of Mobile World Congress to announce a plethora of new products and showcase multiple hi-tech solutions, including its prototype of a 5G-ready smartphone. While the company already managed to break the gigabit mark last year, its latest invention supports download speeds of up to 1.2Gbps, with ZTE describing it […]. Galaxy S9 & S9 Plus Available Globally Starting March 16 – MWC 2018. Get your app reviewd by our editorial staff. Let us know your insider tip. 
JavaScript seems to be disabled in your browser. You must have JavaScript enabled in your browser to utilize the functionality of this website.. You have no items in your shopping cart.. Meizu M3 Max Colorful Tempered Glass Screen Full Protection. You have no items in your shopping cart.. You have no items to compare.. 
We are shipping from EU Warehouse. Leave this field empty if you're human:. Get notified about sales and new products. We are shipping from EU Warehouse. Cart / $ 0.00. The product is already in the wishlist!. Home / Meizu. Choose an option Gray Silver Gold Rose Gold. Choose an option 3GB RAM + 64GB ROM Clear. 6.0 inch IPS capacitive screen, FHD 1920×1080 pixels, 368PPI. Helio P10 MTK6755M Octa Core, ARM cortex-A53 1.8GHz x4+ ARM cortex-A53 1.0GHz x4, GPU: ARM Mali T860. Flyme 5 (base on YunOS) OS, 3GB LPDDR3 RAM + 64GB ROM, can extend to 128GB. Dual Cameras, 5.0MP front camera, 13.0MP SONY IMX258 back camera with dual-LED flash and auto-focus. Built-in battery 4100mAh, 12V/2A fast charge, mTouch, metal unibody. United States dollar ($) - USD. Helio P10 MTK6755M Octa Core, ARM cortex-A53™1.8GHz x4+ ARM cortex-A53™1.0GHz x4. GSM, 3G, 4G, GPS, WiFi, Bluetooth. Yes, 802.11a/b/g/n wireless network, Support 5GHz and 2.4GHz bands. Dual cameras (one front one back). 0.2 seconds speed PDAF phase focusing. Flash color temperature and fill light and soft natural. Face AE brightness enhancement automatic face recognition. Dual Nano SIM Card, Dual standby, (SIM2 can be used in combination with a Nano-SIM card or a TF card of up to 128GB.). Yes, shared the slot with SIM2. MP4, 3GP, MOV, MKV, AVI, FLV, MPEG. FLAC, APE, AAC, MKA, OGG, MIDI, M4A, AMR. Spanish, Swahili, Swedish, Thai, Turkish, Ukrainian, Vietnamese, Zulu, Chinese, Afrikaans, Amharic, Arabic, Bulgarian, Portuguese, Romanian, Romansh, Russian, Serbian, Slovak, Slovenian, Spanish, Lao, Latvian, Lithuanian, Malay, Norwegian, Persian, Polish, Portuguese, Hindi, Hungarian, Indonesian, Italian, Japanese, Khmer, Korean, English, Estonian, Filipino, Finnish, French, German, Greek, Catalan, Croatian, Czech, Danish, Dutch. Infrared distance sensors, gyroscopes soft, ambient light sensor,. 4G, 3G, WIFI, GPS, FM, Bluetooth, Ebook, Email,Messaging, wallpapers, calendar, Google play store,calculator, clock, camera, tethering & portable hotspot, Miracast, touch id,fast charge,etc. 1 × Power adapter (A right AC Adapter will be sent based on your shipping country). Meizu M3 Max smartphone was launched in September 2016. The phone comes with a 6.00-inch touchscreen display with a resolution of 1080 pixels by 1920 pixels at a PPI of 368 pixels per inch.. The Meizu M3 Max is powered by 1GHz octa-core MediaTek Helio P10 processor and it comes with 3GB of RAM. The phone packs 64GB of internal storage that can be expanded up to 128GB via a microSD card. As far as the cameras are concerned, the Meizu M3 Max packs a 13-megapixel primary camera on the rear and a 5-megapixel front shooter for selfies.. The Meizu M3 Max runs Android 6.0 and is powered by a 4100mAh non-removable battery. It measures 163.40 x 81.60 x 7.90 (height x width x thickness) and weighs 189 grams.. Please insert the code above to comment. Notify of new replies to this comment. The product is already in the wishlist!. $ 349.00 – $ 399.00. The product is already in the wishlist!. $ 139.00 – $ 159.00. The product is already in the wishlist!. $ 479.00 – $ 599.00. The product is already in the wishlist!. $ 179.00 – $ 249.00. The product is already in the wishlist!. $ 469.00 – $ 549.00. The product is already in the wishlist!. The product is already in the wishlist!. $ 169.00 – $ 319.00. The product is already in the wishlist!. Supplying Xiaomi, Lenovo, Motorola, Huawei, Meizu, ZTE smartphones at affordable prices from EU Warehouse.. Xiaomi Mi Note 2 is now available for pre-order!. Comments Off on Xiaomi Mi Note 2 is now available for pre-order!. Xiaomi Mi Mix is now available for pre-order!. Comments Off on Xiaomi Mi Mix is now available for pre-order!. Comments Off on Welcome to EuDirect Shop!. Leave this field empty if you're human:. Get notified about sales and new products. Copyright 2018 © EuDirect Shop. Username or email address *. 
Meizu M3 Max specification User opinions and reviews Review comments (63). Meizu Android Dual SIM. Meizu M3 Max at a glance:. Metal unibody; 6.0" 1080p IPS display of 367ppi. MediaTek Helio P10 chipset: octa-core processor, Mali-T860MP2 GPU, 3GB of RAM. 13MP camera, two-tone LED flash; 1080p @30fps; 5MP front-facing camera. 64GB of built-in storage, microSD slot. mTouch v2.1 Home button with a fingerprint scanner. 4,100 mAh battery, fast charging (100% in 75 minutes). Android Marshmallow 6.0 OS with Flyme 5.2. Samsung Galaxy J7 (2016) outdoor mode. Samsung Galaxy J3 (2016) outdoor mode. Motorola Moto G4 Plus (max auto). Huawei Honor 7 Lite / Honor 5c. Moto G 3rd gen max manual. Meizu M3 Max 0.46 449 976. Meizu m3 note 0.52 425 816. Meizu m1 note 0.65 562 867. Meizu m1 metal 0.50 390 780. Sony Xperia XA Ultra 0.50 531 1071. Speakerphone test Voice, dB Pink noise/ Music, dB Ringing phone, dB Overall score. Meizu m3 note 66.5 64.6 71.7 Average. Xiaomi Redmi Note 4 64.2 67.2 76.9 Good. Meizu m1 metal 68.3 66.6 73.7 Good. Meizu M3 Max 62.7 70.3 84.5 Good. Sony Xperia XA Ultra 88.9 79.3 82.7 Excellent. The Meizu M3 Max is one of the latest additions to Meizu's m3 midrange series. It's two months old already, but we didn't want to miss the opportunity to present this phablet to our readers, especially with the shopping season hitting some highs lately.. Instead of our usual long-form review routine, we'll see that this review is different. Our goal was to give you our impressions in a shorter, condensed manner but without sacrificing the performance assessment and the results from the full tests we normally perform. The m3 note fans will surely recognize in the M3 Max everything that made the note popular. Besides the bigger screen, there are no apparent novelties - even the microUSB port is still in tact.. So, the M3 Max is the biggest smartphone Meizu has ever done with a beefy 6" display at 1080p resolution. Being a member of the m3 series meant it has inherited pretty much everything from its siblings and, indeed, the M3 Max doesn't offer much else than a bigger screen over the m3 note.. The retail box of the Meizu M3 Max includes only the basics - a fast 24W charger plug and a microUSB cable. There are no headphones but this seems to be the trend with the Chinese phones lately.. The phablet is all-metal in the luxury kind of way - there are no big plastic strips at the back, just two tiny antenna lines. A glass covers the front with 2.5D edges - it's probably a Dinorex T2X-1, but Meizu didn't share any specifics.. The 6.0" screen has an IPS matrix of 1080p resolution or in other words 367ppi density. Its viewing angles are close to perfection, very wide and with no color distortion, though its sunlight legibility is about average with a score of 2.447.. The 6" display has a maximum brightness of 450 nits and an excellent contrast at 1:976. The last good surprise came with the color rendering - the phone offers very accurate color representation out of the box with average DeltaE of 4.4.. Below the screen is the iconic for the Meizu phones all-in-one mTouch key. It offers touch functionality as well as a press action like a regular button. Finally, it has an embedded fingerprint scanner though it's not of the always-on variety.. The mTouch key  handling the М3 Мax. The M3 Max has the same 4,100 mAh battery as the m3 note, and it scored an excellent 100-hour endurance rating in our battery test. The battery supports MediaTek's Pump Express 3.0 rapid charging, and the supplied charger has a maximum power output of 24W.. Meizu M3 Max is a dual-SIM phone, but it uses a hybrid slot so you would have to make the choice of either a second SIM or a microSD card. The phone comes with 64GB storage, though, so you probably won't need the memory card option.. The busy bottom  the microUSB port and the loudspeaker  the SIM and microSD hybrid slot. Finally, the M3 Max has a single speaker at its bottom, and its loudness turned out good. It isn't the loudest around, but on a positive note, its output quality is clean, crisp, and with deep enough bass.. Meizu M3 Max specification User opinions and reviews Review comments (63). Samsung Apple Nokia Sony LG HTC Motorola Huawei Microsoft Lenovo Xiaomi Google Acer Asus Oppo OnePlus Meizu BlackBerry Alcatel ZTE Toshiba Vodafone Energizer XOLO Lava Micromax BLU Gionee vivo LeEco Panasonic HP YU verykool Maxwest Plum. Meizu VP says Meizu X2 smartphone is real, will have a Snapdragon 845. Dual-curved Meizu 15 Plus pictured with some screen protectors. Meizu E3 pops up on TENAA with all the specs. Meizu E3 coming March 6, press invites reveal. 
• One stop service: solve all your problems. • Orders Tracking and shipped out notification. • Need help before making an order?. • Chat with us in real-time. • For Aftersale issues, just submit a ticket. We will reply within 24 hours. Meizu M3 Max Meizu M3 Note 4g Xiaomi Max 4g Phablet Mi Max 4g Phablet. Register on GearBest: Earn 50 points. Related Recommendations Recommended Products for You. Customers Who Bought This Item Also Bought. Android 6.0 6.0 inch Helio P10 Octa Core 1.8GHz 3GB RAM 64GB ROM Fingerprint Scanner 13.0MP Rear Camera GPS. Xiaomi Mi 6 4G Smartphone International Version. Xiaomi Redmi Note 4X 4G Phablet. LeEco Le S3 X626 4G Phablet International Version. Xiaomi Redmi 5 Plus 4G Phablet 3GB RAM Global Version. Xiaomi Redmi 4X 3GB RAM 4G Smartphone. Get these Essentials for Your Product. Please ensure local area network is compatible. click here for Network Frequency of your country. Please check with your carrier/provider before purchasing this item. Notice: This Android/Windows device is designed to function specifically with the current Android/Windows OS installed on it. Any alterations such as upgrades, modding with custom ROMs, rooting or flashing the Android device with other firmware will automatically void the device's warranty. Meizu M3 Max is preorder now so the language and other information will be confirmed when it's on sell later. Thanks for your understanding! Meizu M3 Max Android 6.0 6.0 inch 4G Phablet Helio P10 Octa Core 1.8GHz 3GB RAM 64GB ROM Fingerprint Scanner 13.0MP Rear Camera GPS Main Features: Display: 6.0 inch FHD screen CPU: Helio P10 Octa Core 1.8GHz + 1.0GHz System: Android 6.0 RAM + ROM: 3GB RAM + 64GB ROM Camera: Back cameras 13.0MP with AF and flashlight + front camera 5.0MP Bluetooth: 4.1 Nevigation: GPS, A-GPS Sensor: G-sensor, Proximity sensor, Ambient light senor, Accelerometer, Hall sensor, E-compass SIM Card: Dual SIM dual standby, dual nano SIM cards Network: 2G: GSM 850/900/1800/1900MHz 3G: WCDMA 850/900/1900/2100MHz 4G: FDD-LTE 1800/2100/2600MHz. SIM Card Slot: Dual SIM,Dual Standby. SIM Card Type: Dual Nano SIM. External Memory: TF card up to 128GB (not included). Screen resolution: 1920 x 1080 (FHD). Camera type: Dual cameras (one front one back). Back camera: 13.0MP,with flash light and AF. I/O Interface: 2 x Nano SIM Slot,3.5mm Audio Out Port,Micro USB Slot,Speaker,TF/Micro SD Card Slot. Sensor: Accelerometer,Ambient Light Sensor,E-Compass,Gravity Sensor,Hall Sensor,Proximity Sensor. Product size: 16.34 x 8.16 x 0.79 cm / 6.43 x 3.21 x 0.31 inches. Package size: 18.00 x 12.00 x 6.00 cm / 7.09 x 4.72 x 2.36 inches. Download your favorite apps through the Google Play Store or Market installed. Note: This smart phone is designed only to work with the current Android/Windows OS installed in it. Any alterations such as upgrades or flashing a newer version will void the warranty. The stated ROM amount shows the maximum available ROM with nothing installed. However, the Android/Windows OS and pre-installed software from the manufacturer will occupy some of this ROM. The available ROM on the device will therefore be slightly less than the ROM listed.. FAQ for Meizu M3 Max 4G Phablet. Sponsored Products Related to This Item. Will this phone work in my country?. What is the IMEI number of this device?. How to revive any dead phone battery?. Why do 16GB phones only have 12GB storage available?. Why can't I hear any sound when making or receiving a call?. Can this item be shipped to my country?. What is the SAR value of the phone?. This is based on the phone network frequency bands, for more details:. 4 steps to know whether a phone will work in your country. We cannot provide IMEI (international mobile equipment identity) numbers because each cell phone will be given a unique set of numbers after its assembly, We can't open the packaging.. Related post about finding Xiaomi smartphone IMEI:. There are four ways to revive dead phone battery, refer to post:. 4 secret ways to revive any dead phone battery. Related post: Why do 16GB phones only have 12GB storage available. Make sure the protective film has been removed completely;. Try to turn up the volume of the handset;. Try to change mobile signal in your area might be poor;. If you cannot hear the voice of the receiver, it might be the problem of the receiver's phone or signal.. We can deliver orders to most countries. For a detailed explanation of each shipping method, destination and approximate delivery time, please check our website:. GearBest shipping memo: save money on delivery by choosing the best option. We have listed the SAR value of some cell phones, you can refer to it:. Be the FIRST to Ask a Question. Want GB Points? Just Write a Review!. Be the FIRST to Ask a Question. Want GB Points? Just Write a Review!. Be the FIRST to Ask a Question. Want GB Points? Just Write a Review!. Be the FIRST to Ask a Question. Want GB Points? Just Write a Review!. Be the FIRST to Ask a Question. Want GB Points? Just Write a Review!. Be the FIRST to Ask a Question. Want GB Points? Just Write a Review!. 0 Questions & Answers View All. Original Elephone Anti-drop TPU Phone Back Case fo.... Original Elephone PU Leather Full Body Case Protec.... Original Elephone U Scratch-resistant PC Back Case. Original Elephone U / U Pro Scratch-resistant Prot.... Original Elephone U PRO Scratch-resistant Cover Case. Original Elephone U Pro Fast Charger Adapter. Elephone Blitz Qualcomm Certification 3.0 Power Ad.... Elephone P4000 MTK6735 64bit Android 5.1 4G LTE Sm.... Elephone P8 3D 4G Phablet 4GB RAM. Base on 0 Customer Reviews. Share your thoughts with other customers Write a review. Get GB Points! Be the FIRST to Write a Review!. Get GB Points! Be the FIRST to Write a Review!. Get GB Points! Be the FIRST to Write a Review!. After confirming your payment, we usually ship products out within 24 business hours. However, sometimes due to large transaction volumes or other order issues, we may require up to 3 working days to process orders. You will receive a notification email as soon as your product(s) have been dispatched.. Unregistered Air Mail or Registered Air Mail. Spain, United Kingdom, Italy, Germany, France & Portugal. Netherlands, Greece, Poland, Hungary, Slovakia, Czech Republic. Spain, United Kingdom, Italy, Germany, France & Portugal. GW Warehouse: Typically 3-5 days to the UK, 3-7 days to other European countries. USA Warehouse: Generally, 3-7 days to a USA address. ES Warehouse: Generally, 2-5 days to the Spain, 3-7 days to the Portugal. Shipping from warehouse nearest to shipping address is faster. Note: The above shipping time are calculated by using calendar days. This is a general guide and delays maybe caused force majeure, natural disasters, inclement weather, war, public holidays, and factors outside our control. The most convenient payment method in the world.. For orders which exceed $1,500,please contact us at support@gearbest.com. Note: please email us the order number,the amount transferred along with currency type,and the exact date of the wire transfer.. Please contact us at support@gearbest.com for details. Note: please email us the following information after you have paid via Westem Union: · Control Number(10 digits) · The exact amount sent along with the currency · Name of sender. There are two key factors which will affect the time you receive your items.. Gearbest.com accepts PayPal,Credit Cards,Wire Transfer and Westem Union as secure payment methods.. *Please let us know as much as possible about your inquiry so that we can assist you with your specific needs. We are always happy to help wherever possible.. Please note: the standard and expedited shipping costs are only estimates; the actual shipping price will be shown on the order page.. At Gearbest we work hard to ensure we can offer our customers high quality products at the lowest possible price. If you purchase a Gearbest product and find that the price has dropped within 72 hours of paying the order, we will refund the difference - no questions asked. Simply contact our Customer Service team at our Support Center with the details. Please note that our 72 hours Price Protection Program does not apply to Flash Deal products.. Prices may fluctuate due to page caches, updates or sales ending; the most up-to-date price takes priority.. ALL prices listed on GearBest exclude taxes, import fees, and customs duties. Customers may be subject to these fees.. Vaild for 72 Hour(s) after receiving.please check it in your GB Account - My Coupon .. FAQ & Support Terms and Conditions. Newsletter GearBest respects your privacy. Copyright ©2014-2018 Gearbest.com All Rights Reserved.. 
Home › Meizu › M3 Max Meizu M3 Max - Specifications. Most recent comparisons including Meizu M3 Max List of the latest comparisons made by the website visitors, which include Meizu M3 Max Last viewed devices List of mobile devices, whose specifications have been recently viewed.. Width Height Thickness Weight Write a review. Specifications Display Camera CPU Battery Prices 6. Dimensions : 81.6 x 163.4 x 7.94 mm Weight : 189 g SoC : MediaTek Helio P10 (MT6755M) CPU : 4x 1.8 GHz ARM Cortex-A53, 4x 1.0 GHz ARM Cortex-A53, Cores : 8 GPU : ARM Mali-T860 MP2, 550 MHz, Cores : 2 RAM : 3 GB, 933 MHz Storage : 64 GB Memory cards : microSD, microSDHC, microSDXC Display : 6 in, IPS, 1080 x 1920 pixels, 24 bit Battery : 4100 mAh, Li-Polymer OS : FlyMe (Android 6.0 Marshmallow) Camera : 4208 x 3120 pixels, 1920 x 1080 pixels, 30 fps SIM card : Nano-SIM, Nano-SIM / microSD Wi-Fi : a, b, g, n, Wi-Fi Hotspot, Wi-Fi Direct USB : 2.0, Micro USB Bluetooth : 4.1 Positioning : GPS, A-GPS, GLONASS. Brand and model Information about the brand, model and model alias (if any) of a specific device. Brand Meizu Model M3 Max Design Information about the dimensions and weight of the device, shown in different measurement units. Width 81.6 mm (millimeters) 8.16 cm (centimeters) 0.27 ft (feet) 3.21 in (inches) Height 163.4 mm (millimeters) 16.34 cm (centimeters) 0.54 ft (feet) 6.43 in (inches) Thickness 7.94 mm (millimeters) 0.79 cm (centimeters) 0.03 ft (feet) 0.31 in (inches) Weight 189 g (grams) 0.42 lbs (pounds) 6.67 oz (ounces) Volume 105.87 cm³ (cubic centimeters) 6.43 in³ (cubic inches) Colors Gray Silver Gold Rose-gold Body materials Metal SIM card The Subscriber Identity Module (SIM) is used in mobile devices for storing data authenticating the subscribers of mobile services. SIM card type Nano-SIM (4FF - fourth form factor, since 2012, 12.30 x 8.80 x 0.67 mm) Nano-SIM / microSD Number of SIM cards 2 Networks A mobile (cellular) network is a radio system, which allows a large number of mobile devices to communicate with each other. GSM GSM 850 MHz GSM 900 MHz GSM 1800 MHz GSM 1900 MHz CDMA CDMA 800 MHz TD-SCDMA TD-SCDMA 1880-1920 MHz TD-SCDMA 2010-2025 MHz UMTS UMTS 900 MHz UMTS 1900 MHz UMTS 2100 MHz LTE LTE 1800 MHz LTE 2600 MHz LTE-TDD 1900 MHz (B39) LTE-TDD 2300 MHz (B40) LTE-TDD 2500 MHz (B41) LTE-TDD 2600 MHz (B38) Mobile network technologies and bandwidth Communication between devices within mobile networks is realized via various generations of network technologies, which provide different bandwidth. Mobile network technologies UMTS (384 kbit/s ) EDGE GPRS HSPA+ LTE Cat 6 (51.0 Mbit/s , 301.5 Mbit/s ) EV-DO Rev. A (1.8 Mbit/s , 3.1 Mbit/s ) TD-SCDMA TD-HSDPA Operating system Operating system is the system software, which manages and controls the functioning of the hardware components of the device. Operating system (OS) FlyMe (Android 6.0 Marshmallow) System on Chip (SoC) A system on a chip (SoC) includes into a single chip some of the main hardware components of the mobile device. SoC MediaTek Helio P10 (MT6755M) Process technology 28 nm (nanometers) CPU 4x 1.8 GHz ARM Cortex-A53, 4x 1.0 GHz ARM Cortex-A53 CPU bits 64 bit Instruction set ARMv8-A Level 1 cache memory (L1) 256 KB + 256 KB (kilobytes) Level 2 cache memory (L2) 2048 KB (kilobytes) 2 MB (megabytes) CPU cores 8 CPU frequency 1800 MHz (megahertz) GPU ARM Mali-T860 MP2 GPU cores 2 GPU frequency 550 MHz (megahertz) RAM capacity 3 GB (gigabytes) RAM type LPDDR3 RAM channels Single channel RAM frequency 933 MHz (megahertz) Storage Every mobile device has a built-in storage (internal memory) with a fixed capacity. Storage 64 GB (gigabytes) eMMC 5.1 Memory cards Memory cards are used in mobile devices for expanding their external storage capacity. Types microSD microSDHC microSDXC Display The display of a mobile device is characterized by its technology, resolution, pixel density, diagonal length, color depth, etc. Type/technology IPS Diagonal size 6 in (inches) 152.4 mm (millimeters) 15.24 cm (centimeters) Width 2.94 in (inches) 74.72 mm (millimeters) 7.47 cm (centimeters) Height 5.23 in (inches) 132.83 mm (millimeters) 13.28 cm (centimeters) Aspect ratio 1.778:1 16:9 Resolution 1080 x 1920 pixels Pixel density 367 ppi (pixels per inch) 144 ppcm (pixels per centimeter) Color depth 24 bit 16777216 colors Display area 74.67 % (percent) Other features Capacitive Multi-touch Scratch resistant 2.5D curved glass screen GFF full lamination 1000:1 contrast ratio 450 cd/m² Sensors Different sensors measure different physical quantities and convert them into signals recognizable by the mobile device. Sensors Proximity Light Accelerometer Compass Gyroscope Fingerprint Hall Primary camera The primary camera of the mobile device is usually placed at its back and is used for taking photos and recording videos. Sensor model Sony IMX258 Exmor RS Sensor type CMOS (complementary metal-oxide semiconductor) Sensor size 4.71 x 3.49 mm (millimeters) 0.23 in (inches) Pixel size 1.12 µm (micrometers) 0.00112 mm (millimeters) Crop factor 7.37 Aperture f/2.2 Focal length 3 mm (millimeters) 22.12 mm (millimeters) *(35 mm / full frame) Flash type Dual LED Image resolution 4208 x 3120 pixels 13.13 MP (megapixels) Video resolution 1920 x 1080 pixels 2.07 MP (megapixels) Video FPS 30 fps (frames per second) Features Autofocus Continuous shooting Digital zoom Geotagging Panorama HDR Touch focus Face detection White balance settings ISO settings Exposure compensation Self-timer Scene mode Phase detection 5-element lens Secondary camera Secondary cameras are placed above the screen of the device and are usually used for video calls, gesture recognition, etc. Aperture f/2.0 Focal length 2 mm (millimeters) Image resolution 2576 x 1936 pixels 4.99 MP (megapixels) Video resolution 1280 x 720 pixels 0.92 MP (megapixels) Video FPS 30 fps (frames per second) 4-element lens Audio Information about the type of speakers and the audio technologies supported by the device. Speaker Loudspeaker Radio The radio in a mobile device is a built-in FM radio receiver. Radio No Tracking/Positioning Information about the positioning and navigation technologies supported by the device. Tracking/Positioning GPS A-GPS GLONASS Wi-Fi Wi-Fi is a technology that provides wireless data connections between various devices within a short range. Wi-Fi 802.11a (IEEE 802.11a-1999) 802.11b (IEEE 802.11b-1999) 802.11g (IEEE 802.11g-2003) 802.11n (IEEE 802.11n-2009) Wi-Fi Hotspot Wi-Fi Direct Bluetooth Bluetooth is a standard for secure wireless data transfer between different types of devices over short distances. Version 4.1 Features A2DP (Advanced Audio Distribution Profile) LE (Low Energy) USB The Universal Serial Bus (USB) is an industry standard that allows different electronic devices to exchange data. Connector type Micro USB Version 2.0 Features Charging Mass storage Headphone jack The headphone jack is an audio phone connector, a.k.a. The most widely used one in mobile devices is the 3.5 mm headphone jack. Headphone jack Yes Connectivity Information about other important connectivity technologies supported by the devices. Connectivity Computer sync OTA sync Infrared Tethering VoLTE Browser A web browser is a software application for accessing, fetching, displaying and navigating through information on the World Wide Web. Browser HTML HTML5 CSS 3 Audio file formats/codecs Mobile devices support various audio file formats and codecs, which respectively store and code/decode digital audio data. Audio file formats/codecs AAC (Advanced Audio Coding) AMR / AMR-NB / GSM-AMR (Adaptive Multi-Rate, .amr, .3ga) AMR-WB (Adaptive Multi-Rate Wideband, .awb) eAAC+ / aacPlus v2 / HE-AAC v2 FLAC (Free Lossless Audio Codec, .flac) M4A (MPEG-4 Audio, .m4a) MIDI MP3 (MPEG-2 Audio Layer II, .mp3) OGG (.ogg, .ogv, .oga, .ogx, .spx, .opus) WMA (Windows Media Audio, .wma) WAV (Waveform Audio File Format, .wav, .wave) Video file formats/codecs Mobile devices support various video file formats and codecs, which respectively store and code/decode digital video data. Video file formats/codecs 3GPP (3rd Generation Partnership Project, .3gp) AVI (Audio Video Interleaved, .avi) MKV (Matroska Multimedia Container, .mkv .mk3d .mka .mks) QuickTime (.mov, .qt) MP4 (MPEG-4 Part 14, .mp4, .m4a, .m4p, .m4b, .m4r, .m4v) Xvid Battery The batteries of mobile devices differ in capacity and technology. They provide the electrical charge needed for the functioning of the devices. Capacity 4100 mAh (milliampere-hours) Type Li-Polymer Charger output power 5 V (volts) / 2 A (amps) 9 V (volts) / 2 A (amps) 12 V (volts) / 2 A (amps) Quick charge technology mCharge Features Fast charging Non-removable. Brand name of the company that manufactures the device.. the horizontal side of the device when it is used in its standard orientation.. the vertical side of the device when it is used in its standard orientation.. Information about the thickness/depth of the device in different measurement units.. Information about the weight of the device in different measurement units.. Estimated volume of the device, calculated from the dimensions provided by the manufacturer. Applies for devices in the form of a rectangular parallelepiped.. Information about the colors, in which the device is available in the market.. Materials used in the fabrication of the device's body.. Information about the type and size (form factor) of the SIM card used in the device.. Information about the number of SIM cards, supported by the device.. GSM (Global System for Mobile Communications) was developed to replace the analog cellular network (1G), therefore it is referred to as a 2G mobile network. It has been improved with the addition of General Packet Radio Services (GPRS) and later via the Enhanced Data rates for GSM Evolution (EDGE) technology.. CDMA (Code-Division Multiple Access) is a channel access method for communications within mobile networks. Compared to other 2G and 2.5G standards like GSM and TDMA, it provides increased data transfer speeds and allows more subscribers to connect simultaneously to the network.. TD-SCDMA (Time Division Synchronous Code Division Multiple Access) is a 3G standard for mobile networks. It is developed as an alternative to the W-CDMA standard in China by the Chinese Academy of Telecomunications Technology, Datang Telecom and Siemens AG, and combines TDMA and CDMA.. UMTS stands for Universal Mobile Telecommunications System. Based on the GSM standard, it is deemed as a 3G mobile network standard. It has been developed by the 3GPP and its major advantage is the provision of greater bandwidth and spectral efficiency, due to the W-CDMA technology.. LTE is deemed to be the fourth generation (4G) of mobile communications technology. It has been developed by the 3GPP based on the GSM/EDGE and UMTS/HSPA technologies in order to increase the speed and capacity of wireless data networks. A further development of the technology is called LTE Advanced.. There are several network technologies that enhance the performance of mobile networks mainly by increased data bandwidth. Information about the communication technologies supported by the device and their respective uplink and downlink bandwidth.. Information about the operating system used by the device as well as its version.. The SoC integrates different hardware components such as the CPU, GPU, memory, peripherals, interfaces, etc., as well as software for their functioning.. Information about the process technology used in manufacturing the chip. The value in nanometers represents half the distance between elements that make up the CPU.. CPU is the Central Processing Unit or the processor of a mobile device. Its main function is to interpret and execute instructions contained in software applications.. The CPU bits are determined by the bit-size of the processor registers, address buses and data buses. 64-bit CPUs provide better performance than 32-bit ones, which on their part perform better than 16-bit processors.. The instruction set architecture (ISA) is a set of commands used by the software to manage the CPU's work. Information about the set of instructions the processor can execute.. The cache memory is used by the processor in order to shorten the time needed to access data and instructions that a frequently used. The L1 (level 1) cache memory has a small volume, but operates faster than the RAM and the rest cache memory levels. If the processor does not find the data needed in L1, it continues to look for it in the L2 cache memory. In some processors the search in L1 and L2 is simultaneous.. The L2 (level 2) cache memory is slower than L1, but has a larger capacity, instead, which allows it to cache more data. Just like L1, it is much faster than the system memory (RAM). If the CPU does not find the data needed in L2, it proceeds to look for them in the L3 cache memory (if there is such) or in the RAM.. A CPU core is the processor unit, which executes software instructions. Presently, besides single-core processors, there are dual-core, quad-core, hexa-core and so on multi-core processors. They increase the performance of the device allowing the execution of multiple instructions in parallel.. The frequency of the processor describes its clock rate in cycles per second. It is measured in Megahertz (MHz) or Gigahertz (GHz).. GPU is a graphical processing unit, which handles computation for 2D/3D graphics applications. In mobile devices GPU is usually utilized by games, UI, video playback, etc. GPU can also perform computation in applications traditionally handled by the CPU.. Similar to the CPU, the GPU consists of processing units called cores. They handle the computation of graphics in various applications.. The frequency is the clock rate of the graphic processor (GPU), which is measured in Megahertz (MHz) or Gigahertz (GHz).. RAM (Random-Access Memory) is used by the operating system and all installed applications. Data in the RAM is lost after the device is turned off or restarted.. Information about the type of RAM used by the device.. Information about the number of RAM channels integrated in the SoC. More channels mean higher data transfer rates.. RAM frequency relates directly to the rate of reading/writing from/in the RAM memory.. Information about the capacity of the built-in storage of the device. Sometimes one and the same model may is offered in variants with different internal storage capacity.. The various types of memory cards are characterized by different sizes and capacity. Information about the supported types of memory cards.. One of the main characteristics of the display is its type/technology, on which depends its performance.. In mobile devices display size is represented by the length of its diagonal measured in inches.. The ratio between the long and the short side of the display. The display resolution shows the number of pixels on the horizontal and vertical side of the screen. The higher the resolution is, the greater the detail of the displayed content.. Information about the number of pixels per centimeter (ppcm) or per inch (ppi) of the display. The higher the pixel density, the more detailed and clearer is the information displayed on the screen.. The color depth of the display is also known as bit depth. It shows the number of bits used for the color components of one pixel. Information about the maximum number of colors the screen can display.. The estimated percentage of the screen area from the device's front area.. Information about other functions and features of the display.. Sensors vary in type and purpose. They increase the overall functionality of the device, in which they are integrated.. Information about the manufacturer and the model of the image sensor used by the camera of the device.. Digital cameras use image sensors for taking photos. The sensor characteristics are some of the main factors determining the quality of the camera integrated in the mobile device.. Information about the dimensions of the image sensor used in the device. Usually cameras with larger sensors and less pixel density tend to provide better image quality despite the lower resolution.. A smaller pixel size allows the image sensor to use more pixels thus providing better image resolution. On the other hand, this may negatively impact noise levels and decrease image quality at high ISO settings.. Crop factor is the ratio of the dimensions of a full frame camera's sensor (36 x 24 mm, which equals the frame size of a 35 mm film) and the dimensions of the image sensor of the device. The number shown is the ratio between the diagonals of a full frame sensor (43.3 mm) and the device sensor.. Aperture (f-stop number) indicates the size of the lens diaphragm opening, which controls the amount of light reaching the image sensor. The lower the f-stop number, the larger the diaphragm opening is.. Focal length is the distance in millimeters from the focal point of the image sensor to the optical center of the lens. A focal length, which results in the same field of view on a full-frame (35 mm) camera, is also provided.. Cameras of mobile devices use mainly a LED or a Xenon flash. The LED flash has a softer burst of light and in contrast to the much brighter Xenon flash, is used for recording videos as well.. One of the main characteristics of the cameras of mobile devices is their resolution, which shows the number of pixels on the horizontal and vertical dimensions of the image.. Information about the maximum resolution available for shooting a video with the device.. Information about the maximum number of frames per second (fps), supported by the device while recording a video at maximum resolution. Some of the main standard frame rates for recording and playing video are 24p, 25p, 30p, 60p.. Information about additional software and hardware features of the privamery camera, which improve its overall performance.. Aperture (f-stop number) indicates the size of the lens diaphragm opening, which controls the amount of light reaching the image sensor. The lower the f-stop number, the larger the diaphragm opening is.. Focal length is the distance in millimeters from the focal point of the image sensor to the optical center of the lens. A focal length, which results in the same field of view on a full-frame (35 mm) camera, is also provided.. Information about the maximum image resolution of the secondary camera. Often, the resolution of the secondary camera is lower than the one of the primary camera.. Information about the maximum resolution available for shooting a video by the secondary camera.. Information about the maximum number of frames per second (fps), supported by the secondary camera while recording a video at maximum resolution.. The loudspeaker is a device, which reproduces various sounds such as ring tones, alarms, music, voice calls, etc. Information about the type of speakers the device uses.. Information whether the device has an FM radio receiver or not.. The tracking/positioning service is provided by various satellite navigation systems, which track the autonomous geo-spatial positioning of the device that supports them. The most common satellite navigation systems are the GPS and the GLONASS. There are also non-satellite technologies for locating mobile devices such as the Enhanced Observed Time Difference, Enhanced 911, GSM Cell ID.. Wi-Fi communication between devices is realized via the IEEE 802.11 standards. Some devices have the possibility to serve as Wi-Fi Hotspots by providing internet access for other nearby devices. Wi-Fi Direct (Wi-Fi P2P) is another useful standard that allows devices to communicate with each other without the need for wireless access point (WAP).. The technology has several versions, which improve the connection speed, range, connectivity and discoverability of the devices. Information about the Bluetooth version of the device.. Bluetooth uses various profiles and protocols related to faster exchange of data, energy saving, better device discoverability, etc. Some of those supported by the device are listed here.. There are several USB connector types: the Standard one, the Mini and Micro connectors, On-The-Go connectors, etc. Type of the USB connector used by the device.. There are several versions of the Universal Serial Bus (USB) standard: USB 1.0 (1996), the USB 2.0 (2000), the USB 3.0 (2008), etc. With each following version the rate of data transfer is increased.. Тhe USB interface in mobile devices may be used for different purposes such as battery charging, using the device as a mass storage, host, etc.. Information whether the device is equipped with a 3.5 mm audio jack.. Information about some of the most widely used connectivity technologies supported by the device.. Information about some of the features and standards supported by the browser of the device.. List of some of the most common audio file formats and codecs supported standardly by the device.. List of some of the most common video file formats and codecs supported standardly by the device.. The capacity of a battery shows the maximum charge, which it can store, measured in mili-Ampere hours.. The battery type is determined by its structure and more specifically, by the chemicals used in it. There are different battery types and some of the most commonly used in mobile devices are the lithium-ion (Li-Ion) and the lithium-ion polymer battery (Li-Polymer).. Information about the electric current (amperes) and voltage (volts) the charger outputs. The higher power output allows faster charging.. Quick charge technologies differ in energy efficiency, power output, control over charging, temperatures, etc. The device, battery and charger must support one and the same charging technology to achieve faster charging times.. Information about some additional features of the device's battery.. Provide information about, which of the published data you want to be edited as well as a reliable source, which confirms the accuracy of the information you suggest *. Enter the characters from the image: *. Samsung Galaxy Note 10.1 2014 Edition Wi-Fi. Dimensions : 81.6 x 163.4 x 7.94 mm Weight : 189 g SoC : MediaTek Helio P10 (MT6755M) CPU : 4x 1.8 GHz ARM Cortex-A53, 4x 1.0 GHz ARM Cortex-A53, Cores : 8 GPU : ARM Mali-T860 MP2, 550 MHz RAM : 3 GB, 933 MHz Storage : 64 GB Display : 6 in, IPS, 1080 x 1920 pixels, 24 bit Battery : 4100 mAh, Li-Polymer OS : FlyMe (Android 6.0 Marshmallow) Camera : 4208 x 3120 pixels, 1920 x 1080 pixels, 30 fps. The information on this website is provided on "as is, as available basis" without warranty of any kind. DeviceSpecifications is not responsible for any omissions, inaccuracies or other errors in the information it publishes. All warranties with respect to this information are disclaimed. Reproduction of any part of this website in its entirety or partially or in any form or medium without prior written permission is prohibited. The trademarks, marques and logos of the manufacturers of devices, software, hardware, etc. are the property of their respective owners.. 
Categories Trending News en de es it pl tr fr br ru id nl da sv. Meizu M3 Max: 90 facts and highlights. Meizu Pro 7 Plus 64GB: 10 x 2.6GHz. Sony Xperia Z5 Premium Dual: 806ppi. The bigger the screen size is, the better the user experience.. Nokia 808 Pureview: 16 & 13MP. Sony Xperia XZ Premium: 2160 x 3840px. Blu Vivo X: 20 & 8MP. The device has a standard memory slot (such as an SD or micro SD card slot) so that you can either extend the internal storage with affordable memory modules or you can retrieve data, such as photographs, easily from a memory card.. The device has a display with three full subpixels per pixel, resulting in a sharp and crisp picture. Pixels in some displays (like AMOLED) share one subpixel to preserve space. This can result in a less crisp, slightly blurred image.. The battery is removable and can be replaced by the user if broken.. Samsung Galaxy J7 (2017) Dual SIM. It can transfer files, music, photos via USB, no need to install additional software.. Allows you to view in ultra-high definition.. Meizu M3 Max (Android 6.0 Marshmallow). Apple iPhone X 64GB: 2160 x 60fps. IPS (In-Plane Switching) is a technology used for LCDs. It was designed to overcome the main limitations of normal TFTs TN-matrices: relatively slow response times, small viewing angles and low quality color reproduction.. A dual-tone flash has LED lights with different color temperatures, delivering a better color balance to photos and videos.. With a wider aperture the sensor can capture more light, helping to avoid blur by enabling a faster shutter speed. It also provides a shallow depth of field, allowing you to blur the background to focus attention on the subject.. The device has a fingerprint scanner which identifies the user.. Samsung Galaxy Note 8 (Qualcomm Snapdragon 835) 256GB. Samsung Galaxy S7 edge (Exynos 8890 Octa). Samsung Galaxy Note 8 (Qualcomm Snapdragon 835) 256GB. Samsung Galaxy S7 edge (Exynos 8890 Octa). This page is currently only available in English.. Imprint Privacy Policy Jobs Terms and Conditions. Versus.com is a data-driven comparison platform where you can compare anything, from cars to smartphones or cities. Versus currently comprises 7 million product comparisons and covers the latest technology news.. 
You don't have permission to access /meizu-m3-max-review/. 
ENGLISH  MENU. You can manage your notification subscription by clicking on the icon. You are Blocked.Please unblock to get news alerts. Click Here to know more.. Also available in: हिन्दी ಕನ್ನಡ മലയാളം தமிழ் తెలుగు বাংলা ગુજરાતી. News Mobile Telecom Wearables Home-Entertainment Apps Laptop Camera Tablet Gaming. Reviews Mobiles Wearables Home-Entertainment Apps Laptops/PC Tablets. How-To Tips and Tricks Mobile Feature Wearable Feature Home-Entertainment Feature Social Media Feature Apps Feature. Gallery Mobiles Concepts Laptops Reviews Wearables Tablets. Videos Reviews How-to First Impression Unboxing Interviews Features. New Devices Search Mobiles Search Laptops Recent Launches Upcoming Mobiles Compare Mobiles Top 10 Mobiles. Key Specs Overview Images Complete Specs Competitors Videos News. Meizu M3 Max Upcoming. Facebook Twitter Google Plus. Market Status: Not Available in India | Launch Date in India: N/A |. 13MP Primary Camera, 5 MP Front Camera. Octa Core (4x1.8 GHz Cortex-A53 & 4x1.0 GHz Cortex-A53). Finger print sensor Metal Body. Meizu M3 Max comes with a 6.0inches Capacitive Touchscreen. display with a screen resolution of 1080 x 1920 pixels. The smartphone makes use of an Octa Core (4x1.8 GHz Cortex-A53 & 4x1.0 GHz Cortex-A53), Mediatek MT6755 Helio P10 that is coupled with Mali-T860 MP2 GPU,. 3 GB RAM and 64 GB Storage default memory capacity. This storage can be expanded up to another Up to 128 GB. with the help of a microSD Card.. For imaging, the Meizu M3 Max sports a 13.0 MegaPixels Camera with Yes, 1080p@30fps, Geo Tagging.. Up front, the smartphone from Meizu makes use of a 5.0 Megapixels Camera selfie camera.. The connectivity aspects on board the Meizu M3 Max includes Yes, Wi-Fi 802.11 a/b/g/n, dual-band, hotspot, Yes, v4.1, Yes, Type-C, Yes, with A-GPS. The Meizu M3 Max gets the power from a Non-removable 4100 mAh battery.. The Meizu M3 Max runs Android OS, v6.0 (Marshmallow).. Meizu M3 Max comes packed with a series of sensors, like Fingerprint Sensor.. The smartphone is priced at Rs. GENERAL Operating System Android OS, v6.0 (Marshmallow) Device type Phablet Sim Dual Sim (Nano) ANNOUNCED Status Not Available in India Global Release Date September 2016 Indian Release Date N/A BODY Dimensions 163.4 x 81.6 x 7.9 mm Weight 189 g Body Material Metal DISPLAY Screen size 6.0inches Form Factor Touch Screen resolution 1080 x 1920 pixels Touchscreen Capacitive Touchscreen Technology (Display Type) IPS LCD PROCESSOR CPU Octa Core (4x1.8 GHz Cortex-A53 & 4x1.0 GHz Cortex-A53) GPU Mali-T860 MP2 Chipset Mediatek MT6755 Helio P10 STORAGE Internal Storage 64 GB Storage RAM 3 GB RAM External Storage Up to 128 GB Card Slot microSD Card Phonebook Unlimited Messaging SMS, MMS, Email, Push Mail, IM Call Records Unlimited CAMERA Primary camera 13.0 MegaPixels Camera Front Camera 5.0 Megapixels Camera Video Recording Yes, 1080p@30fps Camera Features Geo Tagging MULTIMEDIA Audio Player FLAC, APE, AAC, MKA, OGG, MIDI, M4A, AMR Video Player MP4, 3GP, MOV, MKV, AVI, FLV, MPEG Games Yes FM Radio NA Speakers Yes Audio Jack 3.5mm Audio Jack BATTERY Type Non-removable 4100 mAh battery Stand by NA Talk time NA CONNECTIVITY GPRS Yes Edge Yes WLAN Yes, Wi-Fi 802.11 a/b/g/n, dual-band, hotspot Bluetooth Yes, v4.1 Infrared Port NA USB Yes, Type-C GPS Facility Yes, with A-GPS Browser Yes, HTML5 3G Speed HSPA, LTE NETWORK SUPPORT 3G HSDPA 850 / 900 / 1900 / 2100 MHz 2G GSM 850 / 900 / 1800 / 1900 MHz (Dual Sim) 4G VoLTE OTHER FEATURES Sensors Fingerprint Sensor. 4 GB 12MP. Samsung Galaxy On7 Prime (64GB - 4GB RAM). 4 GB 13MP. 3 GB 13MP. Honor 9 Lite (64GB - 4GB RAM). 4 GB 13MP. &lt;div id=&quot;vt-video-player&quot;&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;script type=&quot;text/javascript&quot;&gt;window.__ventunoplayer = window.__ventunoplayer||[];window.__ventunoplayer.push({video_key: &quot;ODAzNDQxfHwxMDA2fHwwfHx8fHx8&quot;, title: &quot;OnePlus 5 vs Honor 8 Pro vs Nubia M2 Which has the best dual-camera setup ! - GIZBOT&quot;, show_title: &quot;true&quot;, holder_id: &quot;vt-video-player&quot;, player_type: &quot;vp&quot;, width:&quot;100%&quot; , ratio:&quot;4:3&quot;});&lt;/script&gt;&lt;script type=&quot;text/javascript&quot;&gt;var vtn_ply_script = document.createElement(&quot;script&quot;);vtn_ply_script.type = &quot;text/javascript&quot;;vtn_ply_script.async = true;vtn_ply_script.src = &quot;https://pl.ventunotech.com/plugins/cntplayer/ventunoSmartPlayer.js&quot;;var vtn_add_script = document.getElementsByTagName(&quot;head&quot;)[0];vtn_add_script.appendChild(vtn_ply_script);&lt;/script&gt;. Exclusive interview with Leon Zhang, Meizu India. Meizu M3 Max with 6 Inch Display, 3 GB RAM and 4,000 mAh Battery Announced September 06, 2016. Meizu Technology (MEIZU) officially launched its new smartphone Meizu M3 Max. Vice President of Meizu Technology, Li Nan, introduced the M3 Max to the media, guests and fans from the world. With the color of gray, silver, gold and. Meizu m5 (32GB - 3GB RAM). Meizu m5 (16GB - 2GB RAM). Upcoming Upcoming Upcoming Upcoming Upcoming. Meizu M6 (16GB - 2GB RAM). Meizu M6 (32GB - 3GB RAM). About Us | Terms of Service | Privacy Policy | RSS | Contact Us | Site Feedback | Sitemap. © Greynium Information Technologies Pvt. Stay updated with latest technology news & gadget reviews - Gizbot. You have already selected 4 products. 
