> "meizu pro 7". 8.0% of users bought products in this price range.. 42.0% of users bought products in this price range.. 30.0% of users bought products in this price range.. 15.0% of users bought products in this price range.. 5.0% of users bought products in this price range.. Meizu Pro 7 Plus 6GB 64GB 4G LTE MTK Helio X30 Deca Core 5. 7 " 2K Screen Dual Rear 12.0M Fast Charge Cell Phone Dual Screen. Original Meizu Pro 7 4GB 64GB MTK Helio P25 Octa Core 5.2" 1080P AMOLED Screen Dual Rear 12.0MP 4G LTE Cell Phone. Original Meizu Pro 7 4G LTE Global Version Cell Phone 4GB 64GB Helio P25 Octa Core 5.2" 1080P Dual Rear 12.0MP Dual Screen. Meizu Pro 7 Plus 6GB 64GB/128GB 4G LTE MTK Helio X30 Deca Core 5. 7 " 2K Screen Dual Rear 12.0M Fast Charge Dual Scree Cell Phone. Meizu Pro 7 4GB 128GB MTK Helio X30 Deca Core 4G LTE 5.2" 1080P AMOLED Screen Dual Rear 12.0MP Fast Charge Cell Phone. Original Meizu Pro 7 Plus 6GB 64GB MTK Helio X30 Deca Core 2.6GHz 5. 7 " 2560*1440 AMOLED Screen Dual Rear 3500mAh Fingerprint ID. Original Meizu Pro 7 4GB 128GB Cell Phone 5.2" 1080P Dual Rear 12.0MP Fast Charge Dual Screen 16.0MP Front Camera. Original Meizu Pro 7 4G LTE 4GB 64GB MTK Helio P25 Octa Core 5.2" 1080P AMOLED Screen Dual Rear 12.0MP Fast Charge3.0 Cell Phone. Meizu Pro 7 dual camera 4G LTE 4GB 64GB 128G Octa Core Cell Phone 5.2" 1080P Dual Screen Dual Rear 12.0MP WIFI GPS bluetooth. Original Meizu Pro 7 Plus 6GB 64/128GB 4G LTE MTK Helio X30 Deca Core 5. 7 " Screen Dual Rear Fast Charge Cell Phone Dual Screen. Original Meizu Pro 7 4G LTE 4GB RAM 128GB ROM MTK Helio X30 Deca Core 5.2" 1080P AMOLED Screen Dual Rear camera Fast Charge. Meizu Pro 7 Plus 6GB 128GB 4G LTE MTK Helio X30 Deca Core 5. 7 " 2K Screen Dual Rear 12.0M Fast Charge Cell Phone Dual Screen. Original Meizu Pro 7 MTK Helio P25 Dual display Dual Rear 12.0MP PRO7 Cell Phone fingerprint front camera dual screen GPS wifi. instock Meizu Pro 7 dual camera 4G LTE 4GB 64GB Octa Core Cell Phone 5.2" 1080P Dual Screen Dual Rear 12.0MP black color. Original Meizu Pro 7 4G LTE Cell Phone Octa Core 5.2" 1080P AMOLED Screen 4GB 64GB 128GB Dual Rear 12.0MP Fast Charger. Meizu Pro 7 Plus 6GB 128GB 4G LTE MTK Helio X30 Deca Core 5. 7 " 2K Screen Dual Rear 12.0M Fast Charge Cell Phone Dual Screen. Original Meizu Pro 7 4G LTE 4GB RAM 64GB 128GB ROM MTK Helio Deca Core 5.2" 1080P AMOLED Screen Dual Rear 12.0MP Fast Charge. Original Meizu Pro 7 Plus 6GB 64GB/128GB 5. 7 " 2K Super AMOLED Screen Deca Core Helio X30 Dual Rear Camera Two-sided Screen. Original Meizu Pro 7 4G LTE 4GB 128GB 64GB MTK Helio X30 Deca Core 5.2" 1080P Screen Dual Rear 12.0MP Fast Charge Cell Phone. Meizu Pro 7 4G LTE Cell Phone 4GB 64GB Helio P25 Octa Core 5.2" 1080P AMOLED Screen Dual Rear 12.0MP Fast Charge. instock Meizu Pro 7 global version 4G LTE 4GB 64GB Octa Core Cell Phone 5.2" 1080P Dual Screen Dual Rear 12.0MP black color. Meizu Pro 7 Plus Global Version 64G 128G ROM 4G LTE Deca Core 5. 7 inch 2K Screen Dual Rear 12.0M Fast Charge Cell Phone wifi GPS. Tempered Glass For meizu Pro 7 M5s M5c M6 M5 note Glass Screen protector Film For meizu Pro 6 U10 U20 M3 note Tempered Glass. Phone Case For Meizu Pro 7 plus Case Silicone Cover For Meizu Pro 7 plus 5. 7 " Cover 3D Soft Cases fundas for Meizu Pro 7plus bag. LEPHEE Original Meizu Pro 7 Case Cover Pro7 Plus Back Cover Silicone Soft TPU Phone Capas Ultra Thin Cover Meizu Pro 7 Plus Case. Luxury TPU Leather case For Meizu Pro 7 Case Shockproof Slim Soft Silicone Rubber Armor Cases Phone Cover For Meizu Pro 7. Luxury Hard Back Matte Case For Meizu Pro 6 7 plus Cover Full Body Plastic Protective Case For meizu M6 note M3 note M5 note M5c. For Meizu Pro 7 Case Back Cover For Meizu Pro7 3D Stereo Relief Painting Soft Silicon TPU Phone Protector Funda Capa. Tempered Glass For Meizu Pro 7 M5s M6 note M5c M5 note Glass Screen Protector Film For Meizu Pro 6 M3 note U10 U20 Glass Film. SPEDU Full Coverage Tempered Glass Screen Protector For Meizu M5c m5s m6 note m5 note meizu pro 6 7 U10 U20 MX6 M3S Glass Film. Luxury Hard PC cases For Meizu M5 Note M5C M5S case protection Back cover For Meizu M3 Note M3S Case For Meizu Pro 7 Phone shell. Luxury Soft Thin TPU Back Full Cover Case For Meizu Pro 5 Pro 6 Pro 7 Plus MX6 M5 M5S Cases For Meizu M5 Case Meizu M5 Note Case. Shenzehn RH 3C Trading Company Co.,Ltd. For Meizu Pro 7 case, 3D Relief painting soft Silicon back cover case for Meizu Pro7. Luxury Soft TPU Back Coque Case for Meizu M2 M3 Note Cover For Meizu Pro 7 6 MX6 U20 U10 Case For Meizu M5C M5S M5 M5 Note Case. Shenzehn RH 3C Trading Company Co.,Ltd. Meizu Pro 7 Case Meizu Pro7 Case Cover 5.2 inch Silicone Back Cover Colorful Painting Phone Case For Meizu Pro 7 TPU Soft Case. PZOZ USB Type C Cable Original Type-C USB-C Fast Charger For Samsung Galaxy S8 Xiaomi Mi6 ZTE Axon 7 LG G5 Nubia Z11 Meizu PRO 6. 2.5D Full Cover 9H Tempered Glass For Meizu M5C M3E MX6 M3 Note M5S M5 M6 Note Screen Protector For Meizu Pro 6 7 Plus Glass. For Meizu M6 Note Case Luxury Soft Thin TPU Silicone Full Cover For Meizu Pro 7 6 Pro 5 MX6 Case For Meizu M5 Note M5S M5 Cases. Cool Luxury Case For Meizu Pro 7 PRO7 Case Cover Soft Silicone Phone Case for Meizu Pro 7 Pro7 Protective TPU Covers Coque Cover. Wallet Case For Meizu Pro 7 IDOOLS Rising Stars PU Leather Covers 5.2 Inch Mobile Phone Accessories Bags Cases for Meizu Pro 7. Meizu Pro 7 case cover pro7 back cover silicone soft TPU phone capas transparent ultra clear MOFi original Meizu pro 7 plus case. For Meizu Pro 7 Case Fashion Printed Soft Silicone TPU Clear Back Cover Ultra Thin Fundas For Meizu Pro 7 PRO7 Phone Cases. LEPHEE Original Meizu Pro 7 Case Cover Pro7 Plus Back Cover Silicone Soft TPU Phone Capas Ultra Thin Cover Meizu Pro 7 Plus Case. Luxury TPU Leather case For Meizu Pro 7 Case Shockproof Slim Soft Silicone Rubber Armor Cases Phone Cover For Meizu Pro 7. Best buy multiple price choices for meizu pro 7 on Aliexpress.com. We offer about 7,056 related meizu pro 7 results. Based on the data, about 6569 products are free shipping.. You can compare different products in this price range 429~457. Also before making the decision, the info like 30.0% of users had bought the products at the price of 429~457 you can refer.. Big promotion for meizu pro 7:. Discount for cheap meizu pro 7:. Insightful Reviews for meizu pro 7:. Customer Service , Disputes & Reports , Making Payment , Delivery Options , Buyer Protection , New User Guide , Report IPR infringement. Russian , Portuguese , Spanish , French , German , Italian , Dutch , Turkish , Japanese , Korean , Thai , Vietnamese , Arabic , Hebrew , Polish. All Popular , Product , Promotion , Low Price , Great Value , Retail , Reviews. Alibaba Group Website , AliExpress , Alimama , Alipay , Fliggy , Alibaba Cloud , Alibaba International , AliTelecom , DingTalk , Juhuasuan , Taobao Marketplace , Tmall , Xiami , AliOS , 1688. Intellectual Property Protection - Privacy Policy - Terms of Use - Law Enforcement Compliance Guide © 2010-2018 AliExpress.com. 
Enter the characters you see below. Sorry, we just need to make sure you're not a robot. For best results, please make sure your browser is accepting cookies.. Type the characters you see in this image:. 
Meizu Pro 7 and Pro 7 Plus: Everything you need to know. With dual screens and cameras, Meizu's Pro 7 is an Android phone like no other. Meizu has announced the Meizu Pro 7 and Pro 7 Plus , its follow up to the Pro 6 and Pro 6 Plus , and fans should be ready for devices that don’t look like any Meizu phone to come before them. In fact, they don’t look like many other phones at all. Meizu has put two screens on the Pro 7, but unlike LG’s approach with the V20 , there’s the main screen and a secondary screen on the back. It doesn’t cover the whole of the rear panel though, and functionally it is reminiscent of Samsung’s early experiments with Edge screens, such as that on the Galaxy S6 Edge Plus .. The secondary screen sits on the left-hand side of the rear panel. The size and resolution hasn’t been confirmed yet, but we do know it’s an AMOLED screen, so it should look great. It shows notifications, the music player, the time, weather information, and can act as a mirror for use with the rear cameras. Selfies no longer have to be taken with the front cam. It’s set inside a great looking metal body, with a very cool brushed finish, which will come in matte and space black, gold, or silver.. Meizu uses the front screen to differentiate between the Pro 7 and the Pro 7 Plus. The Pro 7 has a 5.2-inch Super AMOLED screen with a 1920 x 1080 pixel display, while the larger Pro 7 Plus has a 5.7-inch Super AMOLED with a 2560 x 1440 pixel resolution. The other difference comes with the memory. The Pro 7 has 4GB of RAM and 64GB of storage, while the Pro 7 Plus gets 6GB of RAM and a choice of 64GB or 128GB storage space. Both phones are powered by the MediaTek Helio P25, which was introduced earlier this year .. The octa-core Helio P25 is the first MediaTek chip to support dual cameras, a feature which Meizu has included on the Pro 7 and Pro 7 Plus. The two Sony IMX386 sensors are embedded in the panel which contains the second screen on the back of the Pro 7, and both have 12 megapixels. We do know one lens shoots in monochrome, but Meizu’s keeping quiet about the camera’s functionality for now; although we’d expect it to produce a bokeh-style blurred background effect. The selfie camera on the front has 16 megapixels.. A larger battery is needed to power the Pro 7 Plus’s higher resolution screen. It gets a 3,500mAh cell rather than the 3,000mAh cell in the Pro 7, and interestingly a more powerful charging system. It’s not Meizu’s Super mCharge system , but mCharge 4.0, which apparently will take a flat battery to 67 percent capacity in 30 minutes, using a new 5v/5a charger. Like other mCharge systems, it keeps the temperature low for maximum efficiency. Finally, the Pro 7 has Android 7.0 installed, with Meizu’s Flyme user interface over the top.. Meizu hasn’t announced the price for the Pro 7 or Pro 7 Plus, but we do know it’ll be released in September. The company’s main market is China, but Meizu phones are also sold in parts of Europe, India, Russia, New Zealand, and other countries around the world. Anyone in the United States or United Kingdom wanting a Meizu phone must work with an importer to get one.. Update: The Meizu Pro 7 and Pro 7 Plus are now official, and we’ve included all known details here.. Big-screen Nokia 7 Plus featuring Android One announced at Mobile World Congress. Here is everything we know about the Xiaomi Mi 7. Huawei Mate 10 and Mate 10 Pro are here — with some strange differences. Honor View 10 versus Huawei Mate 10 Pro: A battle of David and Goliath. Keep your hands on the wheel with the 7 best iPhone 7 car mounts. The Samsung Galaxy S9 is finally here: Here's everything you need to know. Brits won't be able to buy a new gas or diesel car after 2040. Big-screen Nokia 7 Plus featuring Android One announced at Mobile World…. Huawei MateBook X Pro hands-on review. Add Us To Your Social Channels. Digital Trends helps readers keep tabs on the fast-paced world of tech with all the latest news, fun product reviews, insightful editorials, and one-of-a-kind sneak peeks. 
more ... more .... more ... more .... Release date: Aug 5, 2017. View all photos (12). Thin body, measuring less than 7.5mm/0.3inches (0.29 inches). Lots of RAM (4 GB RAM). Lacks microSD slot for storage expansion. The Meizu Pro 7 sports definite mid-ranger specs, thanks to its MediaTek helio P25 SoC, though this is combined with 4 GB of RAM. But this is the base version only: a second, high-specced variant will be offered as well, with the same helio X30 chipset as its sibling, as well as 128 GB of storage (the regular version offers 64 GB of storage instead).. OS: Android (7.0), Meizu Flyme UI. Dimensions: 5.81 x 2.78 x 0.29 inches (147.62 x 70.72 x 7.3 mm). Weight: 5.75 oz (163 g) the average is 5.6 oz (159 g). Resolution: 1080 x 1920 pixels. Features: Ambient light sensor, Proximity sensor. Pixel density - The pixel density of a display represents the number of pixels over an area of one inch. It’s measured in “pixels per inch”, or ppi. The higher the number, the more detailed and good-looking the display is.. Technology - There are two main screen technologies currently used in phones and tablets: LCD and AMOLED. The former usually features a light source and liquid crystals, while the latter is based on organic light-emitting diodes. Newer LCD variations like IPS-LCD and Super-LCD allow for very accurate color reproduction and very wide viewing angles, where no significant image quality loss is observed. Current AMOLED screens differ in such a way that they can exhibit much more saturated colors (sometimes too much) and incredibly high contrast levels, which is due to black color being completely black in AMOLED displays.. Screen-to-body ratio - Shows what part of the frontal area of a phone its screen occupies.. Additional display - Shows specs of the phone's additional display. Resolution - Refers to the width and the length od the additional display. Hardware Features: Dual-camera (12-megapixel), Autofocus (Phase detection). Software Features: Touch to focus, Face detection, Self-timer, Digital zoom, Geo tagging. Settings: Exposure compensation, ISO control, White balance presets, Shutter speed control. Shooting Modes: Burst mode, High Dynamic Range mode (HDR), Panorama. Aperture size - The aperture of a camera is the opening through which light travels before it reaches the camera sensor. The smaller the number is, the bigger this opening is, allowing for more light to pass.. Pixel size - The size of an individual pixel on a camera's sensor. Deca-core, 2500 MHz, ARM Cortex-A73 and ARM Cortex-A53, 64-bit, 10 nm. System chip - Most modern handsets use an advanced chip that includes many of the device’s hardware modules like the processor, Wi-Fi, Bluetooth and sometimes even the wireless radio. This field shows what particular system chip (or System-on-a-Chip) is used in the phone.. Processor - The processor is the main computing component of a phone and is a major factor when it comes to the overall speed of the device. Some more powerful smartphones use dual-core and quad-core processors designed to deliver greater performance.. Graphics processor - The graphics processor is important for the smooth operation of the system and especially in games and other applications that may involve complex graphics and animations.. System memory - System memory, or RAM memory is the type of memory that the device uses to temporarily store data from the OS or currently-running apps. The more RAM available to the device, the better the performance will be when multiple or heavier programs are running.. Built-in storage - Bigger storage capacity allows you to keep more content saved onto your device, such as more applications, photos or video. Games and video content typically take up the biggest amount of storage space.. Capacity - The bigger, the better! However, battery capacity is not the only factor that has an effect on battery life. Those include the chipset in use, the software running on the device, as well as the consumer's unique usage pattern.. Multimedia Screen mirroring: Wireless screen share. Filter by: Album, Artist, Genre, Playlists. Features: Album art cover, Background playback. GSM: 850, 900, 1800, 1900 MHz. UMTS: 850, 900, 1900, 2100 MHz. LTE (FDD): Bands 1, 3, 5, 7, 20. LTE (TDD): Bands 38, 39, 40, 41. CDMA - Code Division Multiple Access. A technique of multiplexing, also called spread spectrum, in which analog signals are converted into digital form for transmission. For each communication channel, the signals are encoded in a sequence known to the transmitter and the receiver for that channel. The foremost application is digital cellular phone technology from QUALCOMM that operates in the 800MHz band and 1.9GHz PCS band. CDMA phones are noted for their excellent call quality and long battery life.. Accelerometer, Gyroscope, Compass, Hall (for flip covers). Other features: Voice dialing, Voice commands, Voice recording. 802.11 a, b, g, n, dual-band. Features: Mass storage device, USB charging. Other: VoIP, Tethering, Computer sync, OTA sync. Positioning - This field shows the positioning systems supported by the device. The most common types are GPS and A-GPS.. GPS - This is one of the most widespread global positioning technologies, developed and maintained by the U.S. It uses satellites in order to detect your location. A-GPS - A-GPS stands for Assisted GPS and is the industry standard for positioning and navigation. “Assisted” means that it can use local wireless networks, in addition to satellites, for quicker and more precise localization.. Availability Officially announced: 26 Jul 2017. Shopping information MSRP price: $ 500. To see the full specifications with in-depth details click here.. We list only the specs that are different than the main variant. Meizu Pro 7 (Standard Edition). Octa-core, 2600 MHz, ARM Cortex-A53, 64-bit, 16 nm. System chip - Most modern handsets use an advanced chip that includes many of the device’s hardware modules like the processor, Wi-Fi, Bluetooth and sometimes even the wireless radio. This field shows what particular system chip (or System-on-a-Chip) is used in the phone.. Processor - The processor is the main computing component of a phone and is a major factor when it comes to the overall speed of the device. Some more powerful smartphones use dual-core and quad-core processors designed to deliver greater performance.. Graphics processor - The graphics processor is important for the smooth operation of the system and especially in games and other applications that may involve complex graphics and animations.. Built-in storage - Bigger storage capacity allows you to keep more content saved onto your device, such as more applications, photos or video. Games and video content typically take up the biggest amount of storage space.. 802.11 a, b, g, n, dual-band. Despite our efforts to provide full and correct Meizu Pro 7 specifications, there is always a possibility of making a mistake. If you see any wrong or incomplete data, please LET US KNOW .. If you are interested in using our specs commercially, check out our Phone specs database licensing page.. $660 Buy. $615 Buy. Meizu Pro 7 could be launched in Europe soon. The Meizu Pro 7 and Pro 7 Plus are now official: twice the screen, twice the camera. Meizu Pro 7 specs seemingly confirmed by leaked leaflet. Meizu Pro 7 rumor review: display, camera, specs and everything else we know so far. Here's our clearest look at the upcoming Meizu PRO 7 & PRO 7 Plus, thanks to the Chinese FCC. Both Meizu Pro 7 series smartphones will use MediaTek chipsets. The Samsung Galaxy S9 and S9+ have game-changing cameras with variable aperture and 960fps slow-mo video recording. The Big Barcelona Camera Comparison: iPhone X vs Pixel 2 XL vs Note 8. Samsung Galaxy S9 and S9+ rumor review: Specs, design, features, price and release date. Sony presents Xperia XZ2 and XZ2 Compact: new design and Snapdragon 845. Galaxy S9 Exynos edition gets benchmarked against rivals!. Galaxy S9 first camera comparison vs iPhone X, V30, S8. Samsung Galaxy S9 & S9+ hands-on. MWC 2018: top smartphones to expect. Best smartphone you can buy in 2018. Allo is a quality app, but Google isn't giving it a real chance. All content (phone reviews, news, specs, info), design and layouts are Copyright 2001-2018 phoneArena.com. Reproduction in whole or in part or in any form or medium without written permission is prohibited! Privacy. 
Cost-effective Cheaper More expensive Performance Camera Battery Smaller Larger. Kimovil shows stores that deliver to your country. Convert prices to your local currency. Add devices to your profile, rate and comment on your smartphones.. Add it if you love it and would like to have it in your hands. Add it if you love it and would like to have it in your hands. Add it if you currently use it or you manage it... Now you are using it .... It would be a great help if you could take 2 minutes to comment on this smartphone. Add it if you currently use it or you manage it... Add it if you had it and gave it away, sold it or it died.... It would be a great help if you could take 2 minutes to comment on this smartphone. Add it if you had it and gave it away, sold it or it died.... 21 £ 190 € 216 $ 266 R$ 862 zł 902 руб 15,019 ₹ 17,226 Not available. 7 £ 227 € 259 $ 318 R$ 1,031 zł 1,078 руб 17,956 ₹ 20,594 Not available. Finding the best price for the Meizu Pro 7 4GB 64GB is no easy task. Here you will find where to buy the Meizu Pro 7 4GB 64GB at the best price. Prices are continuously tracked in over 140 stores so that you can find a reputable dealer with the best price. July 2017, 7 months ago. 70.7 mm x 147.6 mm x 7.3 mm. 1080 x 1920 px. Pixels per inch differentiable less than 5 cm away. High Performance Multibit - DAC 2x Analog AD1955. Back side 1.9" amolled screen with notifications. - More smartphones with MediaTek Helio P25 (MT6757T) processor. 4x 2.5 GHz ARM Cortex-A53+ 4x 1.4 GHz ARM Cortex-A53. - More smartphones with 4GB RAM memory. 67.521 (Antutu v6) Overall performance better than 84% of devices. GB (Capacity with the OS (depends on the brand and ROM version): 57-63 GB). - More smartphones with 64GB of internal storage. 11636 Songs , 25600 Photos and 914 Videos. - More smartphones with IMX386 Exmor RS lens model. - More smartphones with Dual LED. These are the default features of this smartphone. Most of these features can be achieved with a more advanced camera application, so do not worry if you are missing something like a timer, smile detection, filters, etc.. Second rear camera Sony IMX386 B&W 12MP. Dual SIM Dual Standby (Nano SIM + Nano SIM). SIM cards (MiniSIM) can be cut to MicroSIM, MicroSIM can be cut to NanoSIM and a SIM can even be cut to a NanoSIM (although not recommended). Download this SIM Cutting Template and forget about having to ask your operator for a new SIM.... A2DP (Advanced Audio Distribution Profile). - More smartphones with FlyMe 6.0 (Android 7.0 Nougat) operating system. Meizu Pro 7 Plus 6GB 64GB. Huawei Honor 9 L09 4GB 64GB. Samsung Galaxy S8 4GB 64GB G950F. LeEco Le Pro 3 X720 6GB 64GB X720. The information on this web site is not guaranteed. Kimovil is not responsible for inaccuracies, omissions or any other error in the information. Any warranties regarding this information are disclaimed. Total or partial reproduction of this site is prohibited in any manner without prior written permission. The trademarks, logos and device manufacturers, software, etc. are the property of their respective owners.. Coupons Buying Guide Help Contact Facebook Twitter About Us Terms & Conditions Privacy Cookies. How is the exchange rate calculated?. Email (Optional) We will notify you when it is OK. Email (Optional) We will notify you when it is OK. Add devices to your profile, rate and comment on your smartphones.. There are unanswered questions about the mobile devices you use, please help us by answering them!. 
CNET también está disponible en español.. The Meizu Pro 7's second screen might not suck. Can this Android phone break the curse?. by July 27, 2017 1:32 PM PDT. Meizu Pro 7 specs 5.2-inch display with 1,920x1,080-pixel resolution Android 7.0 Two 12-megapixel cameras 16-megapixel front-facing camera Deca-core (10-core) MediaTek processor 128GB onboard storage 4GB of RAM 3,000mAh battery Expected to go on sale globally in September. Phones with second screens fascinate me. The second display -- on the back, front, or folded in like a book -- is meant to increase your screen space, but rarely ever works ( we have the sad proof ). And still, they try: Samsung and. LG , Kyocera and the more obscure YotaPhone with its e-ink back .. After a lull in the trend, Android phone maker Meizu is jumping into the experiment with the Meizu Pro 7 and Pro 7 Plus, a pair of phones with a swipeable 2-inch AMOLED touchscreen on the back. This isn't a whole mini phone on your phone.. The Pro 7's secondary display will broadcast the time and weather forecast, show you your alerts and beam out your musical selection. You can also tap it to help take a selfie with the phone's two rear 12-megapixel cameras (ostensibly for a higher-quality pic than the front-facing camera).. The mini screen on the back might look a little strange to those of us used to smooth backings or a case, but it's not so large that it takes over your entire phone backing (and sucks your battery dry).. Mostly, I think it could stand a chance of being useful because it's so targeted, and so out of the way. As a matter of habit, I turn my phone on its face when I'm not using my phone. Being able to quickly glance at the weather or monitor an incoming call could be handy.. You would definitely need a specialized case with a see-through window to take advantage of that second screen.. Brush up on all the dual-screen smartphone disasters , and check out the Meizu Pro 7's other specs below.. CNET earns fees when you click these offers.. Best Phones for 2018. See All. Samsung’s king of phones is excellent, but you'll pay a pretty penny for stylus privileges.. A radical redesign that's nearly all screen includes a new cutting-edge facial recognition.... LG just gave Samsung a run for the money.. But we're still waiting on the Siri-like AI.. The Pixel 2's superb camera makes it worth a look.. This week on CNET News. Homeland Security's tall order: A hacker-free election. 'Annihilation' director wove memory into a dream-like movie. Dogecoin: The joke cryptocurrency that was too real for its own good. Be respectful, keep it clean and stay on topic. We delete comments that violate our policy , which we encourage you to read. Discussion threads can be closed at any time at our discretion.. CNET may earn fees when you click through to a partner site.. 
Samsung Galaxy S9 OnePlus 5T Huawei Mate 10 Google Pixel 2 OnePlus 5. LG K10 (2018) Samsung Galaxy S9 Elephone S8 HTC U11 Eyes Honor 9 Lite. Samsung Galaxy S9 OnePlus 5T Huawei Mate 10 Google Pixel 2 OnePlus 5. Buy and sell gently used phones. The Meizu Pro 7 is a very unique device because of the secondary display on the back of the phone. This is a 5.2" phone with a 1080x1920 resolution display. The Helio P25 chipset is paired with 4GB of RAM and 64/128GB of storage. The back camera has a dual 12MP setup and the selfie camera is 16MP. The battery has a 3000mAh capacity with fast charging technology.. Xiaomi Redmi Note 5 and Redmi Note 5 Pro Forums Are Now Open for Posting. Unofficial LineageOS 15.1 brings Android 8.1 Oreo Go Edition to First Generation Android One Devices. Take Control of your Phone’s Rotation with “Rotation” Orientation Manager. Customize Samsung Experience 9.0 and Android Oreo on the Samsung Galaxy S8/S8+ with this Xposed Module. MX Player is Recruiting Users for a New Private Beta Testing Program. Dreaming Battery is a Minimalist Screensaver for Displaying your Battery Level. Having troubles with your Ad Blocker? This app adds a Quick Settings tile for easy Ad Block toggling. Meizu Pro 7 Real Life Review. Meizu Pro 7 Questions & Answers. Meizu Pro 7 Guides, News, & Discussion. Meizu Pro 7 ROMs, Kernels, Recoveries, & Other Development. Meizu Pro 7 Themes, Apps, and Mods. Rom List : Meizu Pro 7. Meizu Pro 7 Real Life Review Meizu Pro 7 Questions & Answers Meizu Pro 7 Guides, News, & Discussion Meizu Pro 7 ROMs, Kernels, Recoveries, & Other Development Meizu Pro 7 Themes, Apps, and Mods Meizu Pro 7 Accessories. Meizu Pro 7 Real Life Review. More Meizu Pro 7 Real Life Review Threads. Meizu Pro 7 Questions & Answers. I want to go back to A(Chinese) version of the software from Global version. OTG compatibility of Meizu Pro 7. Meizu pro 7 i cannot change Flyme. Secondary screen , No Weather Data. More Meizu Pro 7 Questions & Answers Threads. Meizu Pro 7 Guides, News, & Discussion. Meizu Pro 7 from A firmware (chinese) to G (Global) method. See which cluster of CPU's is active by using the MediaTek app.... More Meizu Pro 7 Guides, News, & Discussion Threads. Meizu Pro 7 ROMs, Kernels, Recoveries, & Other Development. Lineage OS on Meizu 7 Pro. More Meizu Pro 7 ROMs, Kernels, Recoveries, & Other Development Threads. Meizu Pro 7 Themes, Apps, and Mods. ---- XDA 2013 Beta - 1024. XDA Developers was founded by developers, for developers. It is now a valuable resource for people who want to make the most of their mobile devices, from customizing the look and feel to adding new functionality. Are you a developer? | Terms of Service. 
• One stop service: solve all your problems. • Orders Tracking and shipped out notification. • Need help before making an order?. • Chat with us in real-time. • For Aftersale issues, just submit a ticket. We will reply within 24 hours. Magnetic For Charging Wireless Charger Holder Mhl Adapter Xiaomi Note2. Register on GearBest: Earn 50 points. > Mobile Phones > Cell Phone Accessories > Chargers & Cables > Meizu Pro 7. Colourful Textured Ultra-Slim Flip PU Leather Case for Meizu Pro 7. Solid Color Litchi Pattern Wallet Style Front Buckle Flip PU Leather Case with Card Slots for Meizu Pro 7 Plus. Wkae Soft Flexible TPU Back Cover Case Shockproof Protective Shell with Bling Glitter Sparkles and Kickstand for Meizu Noblue PRO 7. Wkae Soft Flexible TPU Back Cover Case Shockproof Protective Shell with Bling Glitter Sparkles and Kickstand for Meizu Noblue PRO 7 Plus. Solid Color Litchi Pattern Wallet Style Front Buckle Flip PU Leather Case with Card Slots for Meizu Pro 7. 2PCS Screen Protector for Meizu Pro 7 High Sensitivit HD Full Coverage High Clear Premium Tempered Glass. Screen Protector for Meizu Pro 7 High Sensitivit HD Full Coverage High Clear Premium Tempered Glass. Vention A60 2 in 1 Micro USB Cable with Type-C Adapter 2M. for MacBook / Nokia N1 / OnePlus 2 / Nexus 5X / 6P / Meizu Pro 5 / Zuk Z1 / Note 7. FAQ & Support Terms and Conditions. Newsletter GearBest respects your privacy. Copyright ©2014-2018 Gearbest.com All Rights Reserved.. 
Android News VIEW MORE Google Pixel HTC Huawei Lenovo LG Motorola Nokia OnePlus Samsung Sony Android Auto Android India News Android Wear Android Pay Android Tablets Best Android Phones Android TV Android Updates Amazon Google News VIEW MORE Google Assistant Google Maps Google Photos Google Hangouts Google Play Google Translate Google Voice Google fi Google Nexus Google Chromebook Google Drive Google Home Google Pixel Google Nexus Tech News VIEW MORE VR Artificial Intelligence Home Automation Self Driving Car Robot Vacuum 5G News IOT Samsung News VIEW MORE Samsung Pay Samsung Gear Samsung Tablets Samsung Phones Samsung Galaxy S8 Samsung Galaxy S7 Samsung Galaxy S6 Samsung Galaxy S5 Samsung Galaxy S4 Samsung Galaxy S3 Samsung Galaxy Note 3 News Samsung Galaxy Note 4 Samsung Galaxy Note 5 News Samsung Galaxy Note 8 News Samsung Galaxy S9 5G News Smart Home MWC Reviews Tech Deals More Shop Best Cell Phone Deals Advertise About Staff Privacy Policy Contact Reviews Giveaways News Tips Deals Join Our Team. Vodafone UK Opens Galaxy S9 & Galaxy S9 Plus Pre-Orders – MWC 2018. Hands On With The Samsung Galaxy S9 Plus – MWC 2018. EE Opens Samsung Galaxy S9 & S9 Plus UK Pre-Orders. Hands On With The Samsung Galaxy S9 – MWC 2018. O2 Galaxy S9 & Galaxy S9 Plus Pre-Orders Go Live – MWC 2018. Touchpad Pinch-To-Zoom Support Coming To All Chromebooks. YouTube’s Hollywood Investments To Stay Flat By 2020: Report. DeepMind & VA Team Up With Hopes Of Fighting Kidney Problems. Tech Talk: How Can Google Assistant Continue To Improve?. & Screen-Enabled ARCHOS Hello Unveiled Before MWC 2018. Samsung Galaxy S9 & S9 Plus Compatible With 2017 Gear VR – MWC 2018. ZTE Showcases 5G Phone Prototype Supporting 1.2Gbps Speeds – MWC 2018. Energous Showcasing Truly Wireless WattUp Chargers – MWC 2018. Nokia & China Mobile Announce B2B 5G Partnership – MWC 2018. Intel Promises 5G & Improved Media For 2020 Summer Olympics – MWC 2018. Samsung Exec Quiet About Galaxy X, Reaffirms Bixby Speaker. Vodafone UK Opens Galaxy S9 & Galaxy S9 Plus Pre-Orders – MWC 2018. Hands On With The Samsung Galaxy S9 Plus – MWC 2018. EE Opens Samsung Galaxy S9 & S9 Plus UK Pre-Orders. Hands On With The Samsung Galaxy S9 – MWC 2018. Best Fitness Trackers Buyers Guide – February 2018. Best $300 Rugged Phone Review – CAT vs Blackview. Samsung Exec Quiet About Galaxy X, Reaffirms Bixby Speaker. Win A OnePlus 5T Bundle With OnePlus & AndroidHeadlines – International Giveaway. How To: Reinstall Pre-Redesign Snapchat App On Android. Best Portable Battery Packs For Huawei Mate 10 Pro – February 2018. Android News Close Android Android Auto Android India News Android News Android Pay Android Phones Best Android Phones Android Tablets Android TV NVIDIA SHIELD Android Updates Android Wear Amazon Close Amazon Amazon Alexa Amazon Kindle Apps Close Apps Android Developer Android Games App Reviews Best Apps & games Facebook Instagram Netflix Snapchat Spotify Twitter Uber Whatsapp Youtube ASUS Close ASUS Asus Phones Best Cell Phone Deals BlackBerry Close BlackBerry Blackberry Phones Carriers Close Carriers AT&T Sprint T-Mobile Verizon Chinese Smartphones Close Chinese Smartphones Bluboo Doogee Elephone Gionee Honor Leeco Oukitel Meizu Oppo UMIDIGI Gift Guide Giveaways Google Close Google Google News Google Apps Google Assistant Google Car Google Chrome Google Chromebook Google Chromecast Google Drive Google fi Google Hangouts Google Home Google Maps Google Nexus Google Photos Google Pixel Google Play Google Play Music Google Play Services Google Translate Google Voice HTC Close HTC HTC Phones Huawei Close Huawei Huawei Phones Lenovo Close Lenovo Lenovo Phones LG Close LG LG Phones LG Smartwatch LG Tablets Mobile Events Close Mobile Events Awards CES Google IO IFA Mobile World Congress Motorola Close Motorola Motorola Phones Motorola Smartwatches Nokia Close Nokia Nokia Phones Nokia 6 OnePlus Close OnePlus OnePlus Phones OnePlus One OnePlus 2 OnePlus X OnePlus 3 OnePlus 5 Phone Comparisons Reviews Samsung Close Samsung Samsung Pay Samsung Phones Samsung Galaxy Note 3 News Samsung Galaxy Note 4 Samsung Galaxy Note 5 News Samsung Galaxy Note 8 News Samsung Galaxy S3 Samsung Galaxy S4 Samsung Galaxy S5 Samsung Galaxy S6 Samsung Galaxy S7 Samsung Galaxy S8 Samsung Galaxy S9 News Samsung Gear Samsung Tablets Smartwatches Close Smartwatches Best Smartwatches Sony Close Sony Sony Phones Tech News Close Tech News 5G News Artificial Intelligence IOT Home Automation Self Driving Car Robot Vacuum VR Various Smartphones Close ZTE Blu Wearables Xiaomi Close Xiaomi Xiaomi Phones Special Features News Tips Contact Join Our Team. Android News Android Android Auto Android India News Android News Android Pay Android Phones Best Android Phones Android Tablets Android TV NVIDIA SHIELD Android Updates Android Wear Amazon Amazon Amazon Alexa Amazon Kindle Apps Apps Android Developer Android Games App Reviews Best Apps & games Facebook Instagram Netflix Snapchat Spotify Twitter Uber Whatsapp Youtube ASUS ASUS Asus Phones Best Cell Phone Deals BlackBerry BlackBerry Blackberry Phones Carriers Carriers AT&T Sprint T-Mobile Verizon Chinese Smartphones Chinese Smartphones Bluboo Doogee Elephone Gionee Honor Leeco Oukitel Meizu Oppo UMIDIGI Gift Guide Giveaways Google Google Google News Google Apps Google Assistant Google Car Google Chrome Google Chromebook Google Chromecast Google Drive Google fi Google Hangouts Google Home Google Maps Google Nexus Google Photos Google Pixel Google Play Google Play Music Google Play Services Google Translate Google Voice HTC HTC HTC Phones Huawei Huawei Huawei Phones Lenovo Lenovo Lenovo Phones LG LG LG Phones LG Smartwatch LG Tablets Mobile Events Mobile Events Awards CES Google IO IFA Mobile World Congress Motorola Motorola Motorola Phones Motorola Smartwatches Nokia Nokia Nokia Phones Nokia 6 OnePlus OnePlus OnePlus Phones OnePlus One OnePlus 2 OnePlus X OnePlus 3 OnePlus 5 Phone Comparisons Reviews Samsung Samsung Samsung Pay Samsung Phones Samsung Galaxy Note 3 News Samsung Galaxy Note 4 Samsung Galaxy Note 5 News Samsung Galaxy Note 8 News Samsung Galaxy S3 Samsung Galaxy S4 Samsung Galaxy S5 Samsung Galaxy S6 Samsung Galaxy S7 Samsung Galaxy S8 Samsung Galaxy S9 News Samsung Gear Samsung Tablets Smartwatches Smartwatches Best Smartwatches Sony Sony Sony Phones Tech News Tech News 5G News Artificial Intelligence IOT Home Automation Self Driving Car Robot Vacuum VR Various Smartphones ZTE Blu Wearables Xiaomi Xiaomi Xiaomi Phones Special Features News Tips Contact Join Our Team. Win A OnePlus 5T Bundle With OnePlus & AndroidHeadlines – International Giveaway Win An LG V30+ Smartphone With LG & AndroidHeadlines – International Giveaway. Deal: Amazon Fire TV Stick With Alexa Voice Remote For $30 – 02/25/18 Best Samsung Galaxy S9 & S9 Plus Accessories – February 2018 GearBest Deal: 6GB RAM Xiaomi Mi 6 For $379.99 W/Coupon GearBest Deal: 8GB RAM OnePlus 5T For $629.99 W/Coupon Electronics Deals – Feb. 23, 2018: Amazon, Dell, Google Pixel & More. Vodafone UK Opens Galaxy S9 & Galaxy S9 Plus Pre-Orders – MWC 2018 Hands On With The Samsung Galaxy S9 Plus – MWC 2018 EE Opens Samsung Galaxy S9 & S9 Plus UK Pre-Orders. Samsung Exec Quiet About Galaxy X, Reaffirms Bixby Speaker Vodafone UK Opens Galaxy S9 & Galaxy S9 Plus Pre-Orders – MWC 2018 Hands On With The Samsung Galaxy S9 Plus – MWC 2018. Cubot X18 Plus Review – A Slim Budget Device That Performs Best $300 Rugged Phone Review – CAT vs Blackview Blackview BV9000 Pro Review – Rugged, Fast, Built to Last. Samsung Galaxy S9 & S9 Plus Compatible With 2017 Gear VR – MWC 2018 ZTE Showcases 5G Phone Prototype Supporting 1.2Gbps Speeds – MWC 2018 Energous Showcasing Truly Wireless WattUp Chargers – MWC 2018. Best Portable Battery Packs For Huawei Mate 10 Pro – February 2018 Best Sony Xperia XZ1 Accessories – February 2018 Best Bluetooth Wireless Headphones – February 2018. Best Android Apps – February 2018 Best Android Apps — Language Learning — February 2018 Best Android Apps — Pets — February 2018 Best Android Apps — Valentine’s Day — February 2018. Meizu PRO 7 Plus Review – The Dual-Screened Wonder. Two screens and two cameras add up to great fun. August 21, 2017 - Written By Nick Sutrich. While many Meizu flagship phones have featured staggered launches throughout the year, normally upping the specs or increasing the size of the device, Meizu is changing it up for their first big flaship of 2017. The Meizu PRO 7 comes in two flavors; a smaller version, and the larger, more powerful PRO 7 Plus. It’s common for Meizu to release a larger version of its devices later on, but this time around they’re not just offering two different sizes, they’re prioritizing the larger one by giving it better specs too. Both phones offer a visually identical build, including that unique second screen on the back, and at the end of they day likely offer near identical experiences too, but this review will be focused on the bigger PRO 7 Plus. Let’s see what Meizu is offering this time around.. Win A OnePlus 5T Bundle With OnePlus & AndroidHeadlines – International Giveaway/ Contest, Enter Today!. Meizu is shipping two different versions of the Pro 7; a smaller version with a 5.2-inch 1080p Super AMOLED display, MediaTek Helio P25 SoC, Mali-T880MP2 GPU, LPDDR4X 4GB of RAM and 64GB of internal storage (eMMC 5.1) for ¥2,880. A larger version of the phone ships with a 5.7-inch Quad-HD Super AMOLED display (2560 x 1440), MediaTek Helio X30 SoC, PowerVR 7XTP GPU, LPDDR4X 6GB of RAM and either 64GB or 128GB of internal storage (Samsung KLUCG4J1ED-BOC1 UFS 2.1) starting at ¥3,580. Both models feature a unique 2-inch Super AMOLED display (240 x 536) on the back. The smaller PRO 7 ships in. black, gold and red colors, while the larger PRO 7 Plus is split into two groups: 64GB ships in. matte black, space black, amber gold and crystal silver, while the 128GB ships in. The phones will be officially available in. Brunei, Cambodia, Mainland China, Egypt, France, Hong Kong, India, Israel, Italy, Kazakhstan, Myanmar, New Zealand, Russia, South Africa, Spain, Ukraine and Vietnam.. A generous 16-megapixel camera sits up front, above the screen, while two 12-megapixel sensors are situated around the back. Both rear cameras feature f/2.0 lenses and a Sony Exmor IMX386 sensor underneath. This sensor measures in at 1/2.9” and features 1.25-micron sized pixels. The smaller Pro 7 measures in at 147.6mm high, 70.7mm wide and 7.3mm thin, weighing 163 grams and packing in a 3,000mAh battery. The larger Pro 7 Plus measures in at 157.3mm high, 77.2mm wide and the same 7.3mm thin, weighs slightly more at 170g, and packs in a larger 3,500mAh battery inside. A USB Type-C port in on the bottom and features ultra fast mCharge 4.0 charging technology. Meizu’s latest skin, Flyme 6.0, runs atop Android 7.0 Nougat. 32-bit/192KHz audio can be output from the 3.5mm audio jack on the phone thanks to the Cirrus Logic CS43130 chip inside.. Sporting quite possibly the most elegant and gorgeous package of all time, the Meizu Pro 7 and Pro 7 Plus will impress you from the get-go. This space-age looking box stands vertically and features the phone and assorted boxes packed in a similar vertical fashion. Inside the presentation is just as slick, with the SIM tray eject tool right out front, and the phone in its own pocket between two boxes. One of these boxes holds the manuals, warranty pamphlets and USB Type-A to Type-C cable, while the other box holds the special mCharge 4.0 wall charger, which can output 5V, 9V or 12V and 2A of charging power.. Meizu made the switch to Super AMOLED with the PRO 6 Plus at the end of 2016, and it was every bit for the better. The 5.7-inch Quad-HD Super AMOLED panel on the PRO 7 Plus looks phenomenal, with those deep blacks and ultra high contrast ratios that only OLED can provide, and a set of ultra saturated colors out of the box. These saturated colors can be easily toned down in display settings, as the default dynamic display mode is by far the most saturated of the four options. Standard will give you the most color accurate option, and all four display modes feature identical white balance. This white balance looks good in general, and trends slightly warm, although it’s not noticeable unless directly comparing side by side with other displays.. Meizu’s panels have traditionally been very bright panels, and the switch from IPS LCD to AMOLED hasn’t changed that a bit. The display is super bright and is very easy to see outdoors, all while having the ability to get nice and dark when needed. The response time/persistence rate is pretty good, and although there is some noticeable ghosting when scrolling through some high contrast thing (read: black text on white background), it’s not visible in most situations. Viewing angles are excellent, and exhibit some color shifting only at extreme angles. Many times modern displays that exhibit visible color shifting of any kind are due to the oleophobic coating on the glass, not the panel itself, and this panel exhibits far less than most modern phones do.. It’s not often you see a phone with more than one screen, and even then most dual-screen phones feature a smaller secondary screen above the main one. Meizu went for something different this time around, and it’s even different than the dual-screen Yotafone, which also features a screen on the back. Instead of a large e-ink screen the way the Yotafone has, Meizu uses a small 2-inch screen instead, situating it near the right side of the phone (left if you’re looking at the back). This screen is placed under the dual-camera array for a reason; it can be used as a viewfinder so that you can use the excellent cameras on the back of the phone. This is particularly important for the portrait mode that’s available with the dual cameras on the back, as it can produce ultra high quality portrait shots without the need for someone else to take the shot.. The camera can be launched directly from the screen, by double tapping to wake and then sliding down to launch, or clicking the icon in the camera app. The three major main modes (original, beauty, blur) can be switched between with a swipe left or right, and clicking anywhere on the screen starts a 3-second timer to take the shot. Waking the screen will show the day of the week, time and current weather conditions and temperature. Swiping over will give a larger display of the temperature and some slightly more detailed information, and another swipe will page over to the dedicated pedometer found in the phone. Some notifications will also be displayed on this screen, including incoming calls, messages, current music playing and just about anything else that would normally be displayed in the notification shade. It’s pretty clear that, aside from the selfie portrait mode, the display is meant to help you discretely manage notifications while the phone is lying face down on a table, and could be extremely convenient for folks that often find themselves in this position.. Meizu’s hardware design hasn’t changed much over the years, but the Pro 7 marks the first time that we’re seeing some kind of significant change or addition to that design in quite some time. The big highlight comes in the form of the OLED screen on the back of the phone, positioned right below the dual camera lens. This single pane of glass is situated on the rightmost edge (left when looking at the back), and even features a slight curve to that edge, although it doesn’t reach all the way over as the front edge of Samsung’s line does. The aspect ratio is much taller than the main screen on the front, and as a result things are displayed a little differently too. Above the display are both cameras, with the dual-tone LED flash to the left of the camera lenses.. The back itself is a single piece of aluminum, aside from the glass cutout and the antenna lines at the top and bottom, which are barely visible, especially on the black review unit we have. Meizu’s logo is now vertically oriented and aligned to the bottom right edge, being etched into the metal so that it doesn’t rub off over time. You’ll find a single speaker, 3.5mm audio jack and centered USB Type-C port along the bottom, while the dual nano-SIM card tray sits on the left side. The right side holds the power button, which is set just above the mid-point of the phone, and above it the volume rocker. These are situated in a great place, especially the volume rockers, as they’re comfortably placed to adjust volume while on the phone. They don’t protrude very much though, and both are smoothed, powdered metal, so they aren’t necessarily easy to distinguish either.. The powdered metal covering the phone is slippery as anything, in humid weather or not, and begs to use the case that’s included in the box. While it’s a shame considering how nice and sturdy the build on this phone feels, it’s better than dropping and breaking the phone, especially since it has two screens that could easily break if dropped the right way. All sides of the phone are rounded off, and the phone is uniformly thin all around, being just a hair thicker than the USB Type-C port at the bottom. The front looks very Meizu in every way, from the single mBack button below the screen, to the shape and size of the bezels around the display. The mBack button is slightly recessed into the frame and requires a click to operate, although a touch will trigger the capacitive sensor found within the button, acting as a back button. The button also doubles as a fingerprint scanner. A number of sensors and the front-facing camera surround the earpiece module, and there’s even some sensors found within the earpiece housing.. MediaTek became famous for their low-powered, low-cost processors, and since their inception have grown into the mid to high-end market. Offering processors covering the gamut of performance and price classes, MediaTek’s Helio line powers plenty of phones out there. Meizu has often jumped between MediaTek and Samsung Exonos chipsets for their phones, and this generation utilizes MediaTek’s latest X-series for the PRO 7 Plus, as well as a. PowerVR 7XTP GPU for the graphics side of the house. Everything on the phone runs lightning fast, from launching and running apps, to playing the latest graphic-intensive games, the PRO 7 Plus handles it all with finesse.. Meizu has long used its “mBack” button system, differing itself from the many other manufacturers out there that make Android phones. This single button is a tap for going back, and a physical press for going home. Swiping up anywhere on the bezel to the left or right of the button brings up the multi-tasking menu, and it’s here we see the biggest change. Last generation we saw a significantly improved multi-tasking solution from Meizu that utilized the vertically scrolling card system from stock Android, albeit being a reversed flow. This time around Meizu has gone to an iOS style scrolling row of cards, where the cards are all stacked horizontally from left to right. While user preference likely decides whether or not this is a positive move, it’s less conducive to quickly switching between apps, and not being able to double-tap a dedicated Overview button (as other Android phones has) means no instant way of switching between two apps.. It’s certainly not all negative though, as Meizu has some rather interesting functionality found when these thumbnails are dragged down. Apps can be locked into memory, keeping an app running at all times for instant access instead of letting the system remove their footprint for other apps to use. Apps can also be blurred out so that someone else can’t read the screen via the “secret” button; something handy for when you’re scrolling through apps and don’t want others to read what’s on the screen. There’s also of course the native multi-window function that shipped with Android 7.0 Nougat last year, and allows two apps to be run on screen at once. Functionality works identically to stock Android, except for calling up multiple windows of course, which is done by dragging down the thumbnail of an app in the multi-tasking Overview screen, followed by clicking on the multi button. Resizing each window is done with the line in-between the apps on screen, and dragging all the way up or down will return to the main app filling up the full screen.. A floating white orb can be enabled, called SmartTouch, which can be moved around the screen to fit your comfort level. This can be used in place of the home button, and a range of options exist for customization: tap, double tap, hold, slide up, slide down, and slide left or right. This last part in particular is one of the most genius implementations you’ll find on any Android phone, as it essentially “alt-tab’s” through open apps. This ultra quick moving between screens helps make up for the fact that there’s no quick button to press to move between apps, and even adds in an extra layer of efficiency by allowing users to move between more than just two apps at a time.. When it comes to benchmarks, the PRO 7 Plus sits right about at the performance level of a top-tier 2016 flagship phone. That may not sound encouraging considering we’re already halfway through 2017, but benchmarks don’t always reflect real world performance, simply because real world apps and games may never push the level of performance that a benchmark can measure. Still it’s worth noting that the processing power of the PRO 7 Plus won’t match 2017 flagship phones in many respects. GeekBench 4, one of our normal benchmark tests, wouldn’t run due to an error. Check out the rest of the suite of benchmarks we run below.. As Meizu generally only sells their phones in Asia and Europe, you should expect the range of supported signal to only encompass the countries where it’s officially supported. 3G seems to generally be supported worldwide, and I had no issues getting both 2G EDGE and 3G HSPA+ on T-Mobile’s US network. 4G LTE coverage will likely only be supported outside of the US though, and potential buyers need to be aware of those possible limitations.. As stated before the phone is available officially in. Brunei, Cambodia, Mainland China, Egypt, France, Hong Kong, India, Israel, Italy, Kazakhstan, Myanmar, New Zealand, Russia, South Africa, Spain, Ukraine and Vietnam. Bluetooth 4.2 is supported, although there’s no aptX support, so only regular quality Bluetooth audio streaming is supported. Dual-band 2.4GHz/5GHz WiFi is available up to 802.11ac speeds.. You can expect better than average battery life on the Meizu PRO 7 Plus when compared to most flagship phones on the market. Most days I would find the phone had around 75% left after half a day’s use, and by the end of the day I often saw 40% or more left of the battery. Heavier use days would bring it down to around 15-20%, and more in line with normal flagship-type battery life, but standby is generally excellent on the phone. Some of this is optimization on Meizu’s part, but some of it is also a false positive when it comes to identifying actual good battery life. This sounds a bit weird, but it’s all in how Meizu manages background data and app usage, and at times it can be problematic.. Take my usual suite of communications apps for instance: Hangouts, Allo, Inbox, Discord and a handful of others. I had to add all of these apps to the background data and usage exception list to get them to deliver notifications in a timely manner. By default Meizu uses a strict wakeup timing method of checking for updates in-app and allowing notifications to come through. Setting the phone to performance mode doesn’t fix this automatically, you’ll need to go into the security app and set the background data and app usage to “always allow,” otherwise you’ll experience delayed notifications.. At times this would mean multiple emails missed for quite some time, and messages that go unread until I opened the app. This is an annoying thing to have to specify, as many users will likely miss messages and emails and not understand why it’s happening. While I understand it’s done to arbitrarily save battery and mobile data costs, the default shouldn’t be to put apps to sleep so aggressively, or at least have an easy one-button way of turning this off. As it stands you’ll need to change these settings for each individual app within the security app.. Cirrus Logic’s new CS43130 chipset inside produces some great audio quality, ramping up the output to an incredible 32-bit 192KHz quality. You’ll of course need a music source of high quality to fully enjoy this potential, but when provided, the hi-res audio output here is good in most respects. In my car audio system I found the bass was a tad too heavy, but turning down my sub woofer helped equalize the sound to normal levels. This trick makes many headphones sound better than usual, but there’s no simple way of fixing this with a single button click on the phone.. It’s still good to see high-res audio support make its way to more and more phones, although you won’t be enjoying super high quality Bluetooth playback since there’s no aptX support. The single bottom-firing speaker sounds great overall, outputting lots of volume and remaining clear despite the volume level. In a regular room the speaker can verge on deafening when turned all the way up, yet it still retains a clean output with no audible distortion. Don’t expect the quality to replace a good dedicated speaker, but the volume will certainly do the job better than most phones will.. Flyme 6 launches with the Meizu PRO 7 Plus, a significant update that was debuted at the time of the PRO 6 Plus’s announcement at the end of last year. Flyme 6 brings about some important refinements to Meizu’s tried and true Android skin, and further solidifies the look and feel of the OS, all while making good strides to turn Flyme into something truly excellent. Many of Meizu’s essential design philosophies have remained since the beginning; things like mute and vibrate buttons in the notification shade for quick toggling of sound modes, media volume receiving the priority adjustment when using the volume rocker, and single-button navigation throughout the phone.. The software navigation bar went the way of the Dodo some time ago, but it’s one of the evolutions that Meizu has gone through to find its unique identity in the world of so many Android manufacturers. Mostly unchanged is the home launcher, which at this point is one of the things that makes the phone feel older than it might otherwise. It’s a fairly standard launcher that’s very basic in most aspects. Apps are laid out on the screen in a random iOS-like pattern, and there’s no obvious way to sort them by name or type. There’s no long-press functionality, and no real options whatsoever in general when it comes to customizing the launcher.. Meizu does have a good theme engine, however the software build on our review unit did not allow theme or wallpaper changing; something consumer units won’t have to worry about. These themes change basically everything on the system, from fonts to icons, wallpapers, sounds, the notification shade and even animations. Flyme is a smooth, well presented OS that’s every bit as fast as it is stylish. There are important settings for locking the phone down in specific circumstances too, like a “Kid Space” mode that helps keep kids from using apps they shouldn’t be, or a “Game Mode” that turns off those pesky back buttons and other gestures that can get easily pressed while gaming.. Privacy has clearly been a concern for Meizu, as they not only offer the blurring out option for the Overview/multi-tasking screen, but also offer several system-wide privacy modes. This privacy mode can be automatically enabled by entering a special PIN or specific fingerprint, setup in the Privacy Mode options itself, and keeps just about everything you’re doing in this mode under a veil of secrecy. A completely separate set of contacts, photos, apps, videos and even files can be stored under this mode, and any photos or videos you take will only be accessible while in this mode. The browser defaults to incognito mode, and locking the phone will automatically exit this mode.. There’s also a Guest Mode that has the same type of features, allowing you to hand the phone over to someone else without worry of them being able to access your data. Things are compartmentalized in a way that other data isn’t easily accessible in this mode, and you can rest assure that personal messages and other data won’t be seen when unlocking with a certain password or fingerprint, which activates the mode automatically just as it does with privacy mode.. You’ll even find gesture and button customization up the wazoo. By default you can enable a handful of built-in gestures: double-tap the screen to wake, slide up to unlock, slide down for notification shade, and slide left or right to change the song playing. These can all be done without turning the screen on at all, and you can also draw the letter c, e, m, o, s, v, w or z on the screen and launch any app of your choice. The home button can also be customized to an extent; double tapping the home button by default launches the camera, but can also be changed to playing music or doing nothing instead. Long pressing the home button works as a power button too, which is unique and interesting.. Meizu’s camera software finally saw a significant upgrade and overhaul in Flyme 6, and all of those upgrades are here for the better. The interface is pretty industry standard looking, with a large white shutter button on the bottom, a toggle switch to the left to move from front to rear cameras and back, and a gallery button on the bottom right. Swiping left or right modes from Beauty, Photo and Video modes (in that order from left to right), and additional modes can be found in the button on the top left. All modes are Makeup, Pro, Slo-mo, Time-lapse, panorama, Scan (QR codes), GIF and Black & White.. HDR is no longer a separate mode, but rather toggled via the button on the dedicated top bar. There’s no auto HDR though, so users will need to remember to toggle this if needed. Flash can also be toggled from here, as well as the dual-lens blur effect that’s good for portrait mode type shots. Filters can be found via the magic wand icon, and simple options like Grid line toggle, Tilt indicator, Date stamp and location can be found in options. Multi-frame low light mode is automatic and enabled by default, and is denoted by a yellow crescent moon icon on the main display. Second screen options were covered in the appropriately named section above, but can be called up either by the button on the right side of the camera software display, or double tapping the back screen and swiping down.. Pro mode is exceptionally good, and gives users tons of options to tweak via a pop-up bar above the shutter button. Shutter speed can be adjusted between 1/5000th of a second up to 20 seconds, and ISO can be adjusted from 100 to 1600. Other options include manual focus, exposure value, saturation, contrast, and white balance. Another super interesting mode is the Black & White mode, which uses one of the two rear sensors to take a monochrome shot. Both Sony Exmor IMX 386 sensors on the back are identical, except for one important feature; one is a monochrome version of the other sensor. This helps Meizu identify subjects better for the portrait mode/blur effect, but also doubles as a way to capture true monochrome subjects when desired.. Meizu’s camera experience is incredibly fast to say the least, and often launches in under 2 seconds flat, even from screen off. Double tapping the home button calls up this mode from anywhere, and it’s nice to have something so reliable to nearly instantly launch the camera. Focusing isn’t nearly as fast, and is about on par with the LG G6’s 1-1.5 second focus times. This isn’t a long time per say, but when compared to phones like the Galaxy S8 or HTC U11’s essentially instant focus times, these can feel very long. HDR speed too is a little slow, a problem Meizu has had for some time, but this time around it’s at least fast enough to be useful in situations where there’s little to no movement. Just be sure to leave the HDR off when taking shots of moving objects, or else the subject will turn out blurry.. The highlight of the show is the new portrait mode, made possible thanks to the dual lenses on the back of the phone. These sensors detect a subject and attempt to blur the background, giving the photo a much more professional, SLR-style photo. These types of shots are only good for either portraits or detailed, up-close shots of objects, and can’t be used for most types of shots, or even video. Results of the portrait mode are stunning; tons of detail, great dynamic range and excellent focal points are all strong suits of the mode. All the processing is done real-time too, so there’s no waiting for the phone to do something after taking the shot.. In general though, the results of the camera are not super impressive. Many images turned out darker than they should be; even daytime shots are oddly dark, and it feels like something is just off in the software. Looking at the details of each image doesn’t immediately show any problems. Daytime shots are often around 100-200 ISO, and shutter speeds all look OK too. It feels like most of the shots I took are either too dark or too blurry, even when there’s a fast shutter speed used (1/100th of a second or faster). Zoom detail ranges from good to acceptable from scene to scene, but there’s a lot of issues that seem to point to lower quality lenses being used here. It’s unfortunate too given the sensors, which are generally great sensors and should produce excellent imagery.. Other important qualities of the picture, like dynamic range, are not great either. HDR mode helps this a bit, but in general HDR looks more fake and seems to do more harm than good in most situations; possibly one of the reasons why HDR is not automatic in the first place. Low light conditions are pretty terrible no matter how you slice it too, which is particularly surprising since Meizu touts a new 4-stage algorithm to help enhance low light shots. When I got a good low-light shot out of the phone that wasn’t blurry, things looked great. I saw ISO max out around 13,000, which is encouraging to see Meizu pushing the sensor hard enough to let lots of light in, but in general ISO is prioritized far too often over shutter speed.. This results in shutter speeds that are too long, creating a shot that’s plagued with blur due to natural hand jitter. Even the 4-stage algorithm that’s automatically activated has the same problem, and it seems like the photos that are taken and combined end up being just a few pixels off from each other, creating a photo that would be bright and detailed if it weren’t for for blur in the way. The front-facing camera is average at best, and often blows out the scene in an effort to make the foreground (person) brighter. This would be more acceptable if the dynamic range of the sensor was better, but unfortunately it just isn’t. It’s not bad, but it’s not great either, but thankfully the screen on the back of the phone allows the use of the considerably better rear cameras to be used in these types of situations.. As is the case in photo mode, dynamic range in video mode is much better on the rear camera than it is on the front. The front camera tends to overexpose the entire scene, brightening up the foreground subject but making the background far too bright and losing detail in the process. Video from the back of the phone looks good, with crisp 4K video when enabled, but again dynamic range seems to suffer a lot when compared to other flagship phones. There’s also no image stabilization (either that or it’s not very good), resulting in video that’s relatively shaky when moving around. See all the samples and videos in the gallery below.. Back screen is innovative, although still limited in its options. Tons of awesome OS options in Flyme 6. Fast and feature-rich new camera software. Peak performance not up to par with similarly priced phones. Problems with notifications out of the box unless tweaked. Meizu’s latest flagship phones sports plenty of positives, including a hot new design and build, a great AMOLED screen on the front and back, and some killer features. The new dual-camera system can produce some stunning results in the right light, and that portrait mode is killer, but the overall results are average at best. Battery life is good, and even sometimes great, but comes at the expense of a performance difference between the PRO 7 Plus and other phones in the same price range. Audio output is excellent, and even though there’s only a single bottom-firing speaker, the results are loud, clean and clear. Flyme 6 brings lots of great features to the table too, sporting tons of options and oodles of customizability. Overall it’s a great choice, especially if you’re a Meizu fan, and offers fantastic value for the price in most respects.. Lithuanian Charged With Scamming Google & Facebook For $100M. Qualcomm VP Confirms A FinFET Chip Partnership With TSMC. Android , Front Page Promotions - Deals, Reviews, Features, Big Stories , Meizu , Reviews. Samsung Announces AI, AR-Focused Galaxy S9 & S9 Plus – MWC 2.... MWC 2018’s most notable announcement has just taken place with Samsung hosting its event and introducing its latest flagship smartphone, the Samsung Galaxy S9. This is the first major smartphone to come through from Samsung in 2018 and akin to recent Galaxy S launches, Samsung has unveiled two models: the standard Galaxy S9 and the […]. Mobile World Congress 2018 Press Day Wrap Up: All You Need T.... Mobile World Congress 2018 officially starts tomorrow for when they open the show floor up to attendees at the conference center, but today was the press day full of conferences from some of the biggest manufacturers like Nokia and Samsung, with those two being the most notable. Nokia of course revealed some pretty big details […]. Speck Has Eight Cases For Samsung’s New Galaxy S9 Devices –.... Speck has now announced its own protective cases for the brand new Samsung Galaxy S9 and Galaxy S9 Plus, which were revealed today at MWC 2018 in Barcelona. There are 8 cases in total in the new lineup. Those range in price from around $39.95 to just shy of $60 and there are several designs […]. T-Mobile Left Customer Session Vulnerable Again In December. T-Mobile apparently suffered the effects of a previously unreported vulnerability several months ago which would have allowed hackers to log into the site as any one of the company’s subscribers. In fact, the bug was reportedly noted back on December 19 and, according to a statement released by the service provider, was fixed within hours […]. Video: Samsung Galaxy S9 and S9 Plus Hands On – MWC 2018. The Samsung Galaxy S9 and Galaxy S9 Plus are both finally official, and they bring lots of new stuff to the table. Spec wise both are running the latest Snapdragon 845 chipset in the US or the Exynos 9810 internationally, and both feature at least 64GB of internal storage with microSD card support. Win A Samsung Galaxy S9 With AndroidHeadlines – International Giveaway. Samsung Exec Quiet About Galaxy X, Reaffirms Bixby Speaker. Samsung’s Galaxy S9 and Galaxy S9 Plus launch appear to have gone off without a hitch but when asked about the company’s long-rumored folding smartphone – tentatively, the Galaxy X – the company is reportedly still not talking, according to CEO DJ Koh who responded to questions about the device during the launch at MWC […]. Vodafone UK Opens Galaxy S9 & Galaxy S9 Plus Pre-Orders – MW.... The newly unveiled Samsung Galaxy S9 and Galaxy S9 Plus are officially up for pre-order at a growing number of carriers and Vodafone in the UK is another provider which joins that list. Perhaps the most anticipated flagship to be shown at this year’s MWC 2018 event, the devices will be available in three distinct […]. Hands On With The Samsung Galaxy S9 Plus – MWC 2018. Along with the Galaxy S9, Samsung also debuted the Galaxy S9 Plus at Mobile World Congress today, in Barcelona. We got a change to experience it in their “Experience Zone” after the show, and it’s a mighty fine piece of hardware. It is actually a bit more different from its smaller brother this year, other […]. Deal: Amazon Fire TV Stick With Alexa Voice Remote For $30 –.... Amazon’ Fire TV Stick is one of the better media streaming devices if you want something that gives you access to just about all your favorite movies and TV shows, as it connects you to a world of content from popular services and lets you stream that content right on the TV or monitor that […]. EE Opens Samsung Galaxy S9 & S9 Plus UK Pre-Orders. EE has now confirmed it is already accepting pre-orders for the Samsung Galaxy S9 and S9 Plus in the UK. Along with that confirmation EE has provided basic pricing details which vary depending on the plan chosen. For example, those looking to take advantage of EE’s “Essential”plan (4GB data, unlimited talk and text) can pick […]. Mobile World Congress 2018 Press Day Wrap Up: All You Need To Know. Hands On With The Samsung Galaxy S9 – MWC 2018. Samsung just took the wraps off of two new smartphones, here at Mobile World Congress. Which include the Galaxy S9 and Galaxy S9 Plus. Surprisingly, there is a lot more in terms of differences this year, than just the screen sizes. The smaller, Galaxy S9, has just one camera on the backside. O2 Galaxy S9 & Galaxy S9 Plus Pre-Orders Go Live – MWC 2018.... O2 Galaxy S9 and Galaxy S9 Plus pre-orders have gone live, and are currently ready for those looking to place their orders as soon as possible. O2 says the pre-orders are available online but it doesn’t state that they’re not available in O2 retail stores, so anyone looking to place those orders in person may […]. Sprint Confirms March 16 Galaxy S9 & Galaxy S9 Plus Launch –.... Sprint is set to officially launch the Galaxy S9 on March 16 alongside the Galaxy S9 Plus, Samsung’s newest phones which it just unveiled today during Mobile World Congress at the Galaxy Unpacked press conference. The Galaxy S9 and Galaxy S9 Plus were originally thought to be coming to market as Samsung’s most expensive phones […]. Video: T-Mobile Unboxes Samsung Galaxy S9 On The “Moon”. T-Mobile Product Marketing official Desmond Smith is back with his series of extreme smartphone unboxing videos but is doing things a bit differently for Samsung’s Galaxy S9 and Galaxy S9 Plus. While the setting of his latest unboxing is still unconventional, it’s far less adrenaline-inducing than the environments featured in previous installments of his long-running […]. Samsung Galaxy S9 & S9 Plus Compatible With 2017 Gear VR – M.... Samsung held its MWC 2018 event today where the Galaxy S9 and S9 Plus were both formally announced. The event focused quite heavily on the camera features on offer with these phones, and at both the hardware and software levels. What was largely absent from the event, however, was any detailed talk on virtual reality […]. Video: Samsung Galaxy S9 and S9 Plus Hands On – MWC 2018. Best Samsung Galaxy S9 & S9 Plus Accessories – February 2018.... The Samsung Galaxy S9 and Galaxy S9 Plus are now official and available for pre-order. It’ll be arriving shortly, and now is the time to go ahead and pick up some accessories for your new smartphone. Whether that be a new case, a screen protector, maybe some headphones or even a car mount. Motorola’s New Ad Seems Like Subtle Dig At Competing OEMs. At just 16-seconds in length, Motorola’s latest brand advertisement appears to make no qualms about what the company sees as a common issue in the mobile industry. In fact, it could easily be seen as an indirect dig at some of the Lenovo-owned company’s larger competitors, such as Samsung or Apple. Samsung Outs SmartThings App For Galaxy S9 – MWC 2018. Major OEM Samsung is not only announcing the Galaxy S9 and Galaxy S9 Plus today, but also a new version of the dedicated SmartThings app that will release alongside the new flagships and allow them to act in full capacity as users’ IoT hubs. Along with being able to use all the features of the […]. Samsung Galaxy S9 Boasts ‘Refined’ Screen, ‘Cinematic’ Audio.... Samsung has revealed how its recently announced Galaxy S9 lineup improves upon the Infinity Display that debuted with last year’s Galaxy S8 series. The South Korean company’s latest flagships improve upon their predecessors in a number of areas, with the. camera and AI features being the main focus. Galaxy S9 Camera Features Better Slow-Mo, Bixby Integration. Samsung is kicking off its time at this year’s Mobile World Congress by outing the Galaxy S9 and Galaxy S9 Plus in a series of focused looks at different aspects of the phone, and the camera in particular brings a ton of new features and improvements, such as Super Slow-Mo and deeper integration with the […]. Hands On With The Samsung Galaxy S9 Plus – MWC 2018. Galaxy S9 Combines Iris & Face Scanning, Simplifies Security.... With Samsung’s Galaxy S9 and Galaxy S9 Plus now officially revealed at MWC 2018, the company has continued the rollout of related product information, specifically highlighting the security features of the two flagships. The firm has unsurprisingly continued to bolster and improve the implementation of its already well-known Knox feature for enterprise and personal users […]. Samsung Galaxy S9 Starts At $960 CAD Unlocked In Canada. The unlocked variant of the Galaxy S9 will start at $960 CAD in Canada, whereas the Galaxy S9 Plus will be priced at $1,100 CAD.. Consumers looking to acquire the new devices on a contract will be met with an upfront fee of $249 CAD for the Galaxy S9 and $379 CAD for the Galaxy […]. Galaxy S9 & Galaxy S9 Plus Come To Xfinity Mobile March 16 –.... The Samsung Galaxy S9 and Galaxy S9 Plus will come to Xfinity Mobile on March 16 just as with the other carriers in the U.S. and with Samsung’s own online store. Xfinity Mobile customers will be able to get up to $450 off the price of either phone when utilizing a coupe of promotions that […]. Samsung Shares Insights Into 9 New Galaxy S9 Features – MWC.... Tying in with its MWC 2018 reveal of the new Samsung Galaxy S9 and Galaxy S9 Plus, Samsung has now released a new set of hands-on videos showing off 9 of those flagships’ best features. Those, of course, include an overview of the overall design refinements made on top of the Galaxy S8 and Galaxy […]. Qualcomm Snapdragon 845 Powers Samsung Galaxy S9 US Models –.... Qualcomm’s Snapdragon 845 chip is set to power the U.S. variants of the Galaxy S9 and Galaxy S9 Plus, the chipmaker confirmed Sunday, shortly after Samsung officially announced its latest Android flagships. Gigabit LTE and UHD Premium video recording boasted by the newly unveiled devices are directly enabled by the Snapdragon 845, Qualcomm claims. Hands On With The Samsung Galaxy S9 – MWC 2018. AT&T To Launch Galaxy S9, Galaxy S9 Plus March 16 From $790.... AT&T is set to launch the Galaxy S9 and Galaxy S9 Plus on March 16 from $790, which will be the cost of the Galaxy S9, while the Galaxy S9 Plus will be quite a bit more for a retail cost of $915. As to exact pricing, AT&T will be offering both phones on the […]. Samsung Galaxy S9, S9 Plus US Availability & Pricing – MWC 2.... The Samsung Galaxy S9 and S9 Plus are now official having been introduced by Samsung today during the company’s MWC 2018 event. Along with the announcement, Samsung has provided some details regarding general – specific to US consumers – pricing and availability. For example, and while prices will vary somewhat if purchased through a carrier, […]. Galaxy S9 & Galaxy S9 Plus Come To Verizon March 16 – MWC 20.... The Samsung Galaxy S9 and Galaxy S9 Plus come to Verizon Wireless on March 16, which is just a few short weeks away. Samsung officially announced the two new phones, its latest flagships, at its Galaxy Unpacked press conference today during Mobile World Congress, showcasing the latest and greatest that it has to offer and […]. T-Mobile Galaxy S9 Hits March 16, Pre-Orders Start March 2 –.... T-Mobile’s Samsung Galaxy S9 and Galaxy S9 Plus will launch on March 16 with pre-orders beginning on march 2, following Samsung’s official announcement of the device today at its Galaxy Unpacked event during Mobile World Congress 2018. The carrier will sell three of the four colors that Samsung has produced including the Midnight Black, Coral […]. Samsung Galaxy S9 Boasts AR Emoji, Better Biometrics & More.... Samsung on Sunday officially announced the Galaxy S9 and Galaxy S9 Plus following months of anticipation and rumors, having revealed its most capable Android flagships to date. Beyond boasting about their raw processing power, the South Korean phone maker also spent a lot of time talking about various special features of its new series, and […]. Best Samsung Galaxy S9 & S9 Plus Accessories – February 2018. Galaxy S9 & S9 Plus Available Globally Starting March 16 – M.... Samsung had introduced its new flagship smartphones, the Galaxy S9 and Galaxy S9 Plus, earlier today, and along with the announcement itself, the company shared some availability info for the two phones. It was announced that the Galaxy S9 and Galaxy S9 Plus will go on sale on March 16 in ‘select markets’, while no […]. Samsung Galaxy S9 Camera Has Record-Wide & Variable Aperture.... Samsung on Sunday announced its latest Android flagships following much anticipation, having unveiled them in the form of the Galaxy S9 and Galaxy S9 Plus at the latest iteration of Mobile World Congress in Barcelona, Spain. While the smartphones are arguably offering incremental upgrades over their predecessors in most aspects, they are promising to deliver […]. Specs: Samsung Galaxy S9 Plus – MWC 2018. The Samsung Galaxy S9 and Galaxy S9 Plus were announced earlier today in Barcelona, we’ve already talked about both of those phones, and took a closer look at the Galaxy S9’s specs, so it’s time to do the same for the Galaxy S9 Plus. Before we start talking about specs, though, it’s worth noting that […]. Samsung Galaxy S9 Messages App Uses Tenor GIF Search Engine.... The default Samsung Messages app pre-installed on the newly announced Galaxy S9 and Galaxy S9 Plus will feature native support for GIF search engine Tenor, the two companies said Sunday. The same feature will also be distributed to other Samsung-made devices once it debuts on the Galaxy S9 lineup, with Tenor confirming the rollout will […]. Specs: Samsung Galaxy S9 – MWC 2018. Samsung introduced its new flagship smartphones today,. the Galaxy S9 and Galaxy S9 Plus, and despite the fact they look almost identical, they do ship with somewhat different spec sheets, so we’re here to take a closer look at what the Galaxy S9 has to offer in that regard. The Galaxy S9 and Galaxy S9 Plus […]. Samsung Galaxy S9, S9 Plus US Availability & Pricing – MWC 2018. Samsung Galaxy S9 Uses Galaxy S8 Battery More Efficiently –.... Samsung announced the latest additions to its Android flagship portfolio, having unveiled them in the form of the Galaxy S9 and Galaxy S9 Plus earlier today. The two devices sport the same Infinity Display AMOLED panels as their predecessors and are similar in terms of their overall physical footprint, thus also featuring Li-Ion batteries similar […]. Nokia Commits Most Future Smartphones To Android One – MWC 2.... Nokia is committing most future smartphones to Android One according to the company, which just announced the changes for its smartphone lineups going forward at Mobile World Congress 2018 during its press conference. Worth noting is that it will have some phones that will be part of the Android Go program as well, but save […]. Nokia 6 (2018) With Android One & Nokia 8110 4G Now Official.... HMD Global took to this year’s iteration of Mobile World Congress to announce five new devices, including a revised version of the Nokia 6 (2018) which originally launched in China early last month. The new model that’s now coming to the West is being released as part of Google’s Android One program meant to showcase […]. Nokia 8 Sirocco Android One Smartphone Announced With SD835.... HMD Global announced five smartphones during its MWC 2018 press conference, and one of those smartphones is the Nokia 8 Sirocco. This handset has been leaking for quite some time now, and the Nokia 8 Sirocco is actually both the most powerful and most expensive device HMD announced today. This is one of two Nokia-branded, […]. ZTE Showcases 5G Phone Prototype Supporting 1.2Gbps Speeds –.... ZTE arrived at the latest iteration of Mobile World Congress to announce a plethora of new products and showcase multiple hi-tech solutions, including its prototype of a 5G-ready smartphone. While the company already managed to break the gigabit mark last year, its latest invention supports download speeds of up to 1.2Gbps, with ZTE describing it […]. Galaxy S9 & S9 Plus Available Globally Starting March 16 – MWC 2018. Get your app reviewd by our editorial staff. Let us know your insider tip. 
Our new search experience requires JavaScript to be enabled. Please enable JavaScript on your browser , then try again .. All Categories Antiques Art Baby Books Business & Industrial Cameras & Photo Cell Phones & Accessories Clothing, Shoes & Accessories Coins & Paper Money Collectibles Computers/Tablets & Networking Consumer Electronics Crafts Dolls & Bears DVDs & Movies eBay Motors Entertainment Memorabilia Gift Cards & Coupons Health & Beauty Home & Garden Jewelry & Watches Music Musical Instruments & Gear Pet Supplies Pottery & Glass Real Estate Specialty Services Sporting Goods Sports Mem, Cards & Fan Shop Stamps Tickets & Experiences Toys & Hobbies Travel Video Games & Consoles Everything Else. Hi ( Sign in to bid or buy) Daily Deals Gift Cards Help & Contact Sell. Summary Recently Viewed Bids/Offers Watch List Purchase History Selling Saved Searches Saved Sellers Messages. Refine your search for meizu pro7. All Listings - Current page. Save meizu pro7 to get e-mail alerts and updates on your eBay Feed.. Unfollow meizu pro7 to stop getting updates on your eBay Feed.. You'll receive email and Feed alerts when new items arrive. Afghanistan - AFG Albania - ALB Algeria - DZA American Samoa - ASM Andorra - AND Angola - AGO Anguilla - AIA Antigua and Barbuda - ATG Argentina - ARG Armenia - ARM Aruba - ABW Australia - AUS Austria - AUT Azerbaijan Republic - AZE Bahamas - BHS Bahrain - BHR Bangladesh - BGD Barbados - BRB Belarus - BLR Belgium - BEL Belize - BLZ Benin - BEN Bermuda - BMU Bhutan - BTN Bolivia - BOL Bosnia and Herzegovina - BIH Botswana - BWA Brazil - BRA British Virgin Islands - VGB Brunei Darussalam - BRN Bulgaria - BGR Burkina Faso - BFA Burma - MMR Burundi - BDI Cambodia - KHM Cameroon - CMR Canada - CAN Cape Verde Islands - CPV Cayman Islands - CYM Central African Republic - CAF Chad - TCD Chile - CHL China - CHN Colombia - COL Comoros - COM Congo, Democratic Republic of the - COD Congo, Republic of the - COG Cook Islands - COK Costa Rica - CRI Cote d Ivoire (Ivory Coast) - CIV Croatia, Republic of - HRV Cyprus - CYP Czech Republic - CZE Denmark - DNK Djibouti - DJI Dominica - DMA Dominican Republic - DOM Ecuador - ECU Egypt - EGY El Salvador - SLV Equatorial Guinea - GNQ Eritrea - ERI Estonia - EST Ethiopia - ETH Falkland Islands (Islas Malvinas) - FLK Fiji - FJI Finland - FIN France - FRA French Guiana - GUF French Polynesia - PYF Gabon Republic - GAB Gambia - GMB Georgia - GEO Germany - DEU Ghana - GHA Gibraltar - GIB Greece - GRC Greenland - GRL Grenada - GRD Guadeloupe - GLP Guam - GUM Guatemala - GTM Guernsey - GGY Guinea - GIN Guinea-Bissau - GNB Guyana - GUY Haiti - HTI Honduras - HND Hong Kong - HKG Hungary - HUN Iceland - ISL India - IND Indonesia - IDN Ireland - IRL Israel - ISR Italy - ITA Jamaica - JAM Japan - JPN Jersey - JEY Jordan - JOR Kazakhstan - KAZ Kenya - KEN Kiribati - KIR Korea, South - KOR Kuwait - KWT Kyrgyzstan - KGZ Laos - LAO Latvia - LVA Lebanon - LBN Liechtenstein - LIE Lithuania - LTU Luxembourg - LUX Macau - MAC Macedonia - MKD Madagascar - MDG Malawi - MWI Malaysia - MYS Maldives - MDV Mali - MLI Malta - MLT Marshall Islands - MHL Martinique - MTQ Mauritania - MRT Mauritius - MUS Mayotte - MYT Mexico - MEX Micronesia - FSM Moldova - MDA Monaco - MCO Mongolia - MNG Montenegro - MNE Montserrat - MSR Morocco - MAR Mozambique - MOZ Namibia - NAM Nauru - NRU Nepal - NPL Netherlands - NLD Netherlands Antilles - ANT New Caledonia - NCL New Zealand - NZL Nicaragua - NIC Niger - NER Nigeria - NGA Niue - NIU Norway - NOR Oman - OMN Pakistan - PAK Palau - PLW Panama - PAN Papua New Guinea - PNG Paraguay - PRY Peru - PER Philippines - PHL Poland - POL Portugal - PRT Puerto Rico - PRI Qatar - QAT Reunion - REU Romania - ROU Russian Federation - RUS Rwanda - RWA Saint Helena - SHN Saint Kitts-Nevis - KNA Saint Lucia - LCA Saint Pierre and Miquelon - SPM Saint Vincent and the Grenadines - VCT San Marino - SMR Saudi Arabia - SAU Senegal - SEN Serbia - SRB Seychelles - SYC Sierra Leone - SLE Singapore - SGP Slovakia - SVK Slovenia - SVN Solomon Islands - SLB Somalia - SOM South Africa - ZAF Spain - ESP Sri Lanka - LKA Suriname - SUR Swaziland - SWZ Sweden - SWE Switzerland - CHE Taiwan - TWN Tajikistan - TJK Tanzania - TZA Thailand - THA Togo - TGO Tonga - TON Trinidad and Tobago - TTO Tunisia - TUN Turkey - TUR Turkmenistan - TKM Turks and Caicos Islands - TCA Tuvalu - TUV Uganda - UGA Ukraine - UKR United Arab Emirates - ARE United Kingdom - UK United States - USA Uruguay - URU Uzbekistan - UZB Vanuatu - VUT Vatican City State - VAT Venezuela - VEN Vietnam - VNM Virgin Islands (U.S) - VIR Wallis and Futuna - WLF Western Sahara - ESH Western Samoa - WSM Yemen - YEM Zambia - ZMB Zimbabwe - ZWE. Meizu Pro 7 Smartphone Android 7.0 Helio P25 Octa Core WIFI GPS Touch ID 4GB64GB. Meizu PRO 7 Plus Dual Sim 64GB / 128GB Smartphone Mobile 4G LTE GMS Unlocked. Original 5.2" Meizu Pro 7 Deca Core MTK X30 128GB 4G Smartphone Two-sided Screen. NEW Meizu Pro 7 M792H 64GB 12MP Dual Sim Gold GSM Unlocked Phone. Meizu Pro 7 Plus Dual SIM 5.7'' Android 64GB Fingerprint mCharge 3.0 Smartphone. Meizu Pro 7 Smartphone Android 7.0 Helio X30 Deca Core GPS Touch ID 4GB 128GB. Meizu Pro 7 Plus Dual SIM 5.7'' Android 64GB Fingerprint mCharge 3.0 Smartphone. Original Meizu Pro 7 Plus MTK Helio X30 10-core 2.6 GHz 5.7" Dual Screen 6GB 64G. Meizu Pro 7 Plus Helio X30 Deca Core smartphone 5.7" 2K Screen Dual Rear camera. Original Meizu Pro 7 Octa Core Helio P25 AMOLED Two-sided Screen 4G Smartphone. MEIZU Pro 7 M792H 64GB (FACTORY UNLOCKED) 5.2" 4GB RAM - Gold Black Red. Meizu Pro 7 Plus Dual Sim Black 5.7" 6GB 128GB Dual12MP Android Phone By FedEx. New Meizu Pro 7 Plus Android 7.0 Helio X30 Deca Core GPS Touch ID 16.0MP 6GB64GB. For Meizu Pro7 Plus 5.7" Hard Plastic Case Cover Elephant Evil Butterfly Flower. Shockproof Carbon fiber Rubber Hybrid Matte Case Cover For Meizu PRO 7 / 7 Plus. New Meizu Pro 7 M792H 64GB 4GB RAM 12MP Dual Sim Phone Unlocked+Gift. MEIZU PRO 7 Plus 5.7 inch Dual Display 6GB RAM 128GB ROM Helio X30 Deca-core 4G. Meizu Pro 7 Dual SIM 5.2'' Android 7 Nougat 64GB Fingerprint mCharge Smartphone. Meizu Pro 7 Dual Sim 64GB Dual Camera 5.2" Smartphone Mobile 4G LTE GSM Unlocked. Meizu Pro 7 Plus Dual SIM 5.7'' Black Silver Gold 64GB Fingerprint Smartphone. Meizu Pro 7 Dual Sim LTE Gold 5.2" Octa-core 4/128GB Dual12 MP Phone By FedEx. Meizu Pro 7 Dual Sim 128GB Dual Camera 5.2" Smartphone Mobile 4G LTE Unlocked. Meizu Pro 7 Dual SIM 5.2'' Android 7 Nougat 64GB Fingerprint mCharge Smartphone. For MeiZu Pro 7 / 7 Plus Ultra thin Brushed Silicone Soft Rubber Skin Case Cover. MEIZU PRO 7 Plus 5.7 inch Dual Display 6GB RAM 64GB ROM Helio X30 Deca-core 4G S. Meizu Pro 7 Dual Sim LTE Red 5.2" Octa-core 4/128GB Dual12 MP Phone By FedEx. Meizu Pro 7 Dual Sim LTE Black 5.2" Octa-core 4/64GB Dual12 MP Phone By FedEx. MEIZU PRO 7 Plus 5.7 inch Dual Display 6GB RAM 64GB ROM Helio X30 Deca-core 4G. Meizu Pro 7 Smartphone 5.2" Screen 4GB+64GB/128GB Dual Screen Dual Rear camera. Meizu Pro 7 Plus Dual Sim Black 5.7" 6GB 64GB Dual12MP Android Phone By FedEx. Meizu Pro 7 Dual Sim LTE Red 5.2" Octa-core 4/64GB Dual12 MP Phone By FedEx. MEIZU PRO 7 5.2 inch Dual Display 4GB RAM 64GB ROM Helio P25 Octa-core 4G Smartp. Meizu Pro 7 Plus Dual Sim Silver 5.7" 6GB 64GB Dual12MP Android Phone By FedEx. Meizu Pro 7 Plus Dual Sim Gold 5.7" 6GB 64GB Dual12MP Android Phone By FedEx. NEW Meizu Pro 7 M792H 64GB 12MP Dual Sim Gold GSM Unlocked Phone. 3 new & refurbished from $347.99. Meizu Pro 7 Plus 64GB/6GB Unlocked Smartphone Silver. Meizu Pro 7 Dual SIM 5.2'' Black Red Gold Android 7.0 64GB Octa Core Smartphone. Shockproof Ultra thin Soft Silicone TPU Matte Case Cover For Meizu PRO 7 / 7Plus. Cover Case + Tempered Glass Meizu Pro 7 Plus Silicone Carbon Shockproof Noziroh. Meizu Pro 7 Dual Sim LTE Black 5.2" Octa-core 4/128GB Dual12 MP Phone By FedEx. Meizu Pro 7 Plus 64GB/6GB Unlocked Smartphone Black. MEIZU Pro 7 - 64 GB - Black Unlocked Smartphone. 2 new & refurbished from $420.00. MEIZU Pro 7 Plus - 64 GB - Gold Unlocked Smartphone. Meizu Pro 7 Plus Smartphone Android 7.0 Helio X30 Deca Core GPS Touch ID 6G 128G. Meizu Pro 7 Plus M793H 64GB/6GB Unlocked Smartphone Gold. Meizu Pro 7 M792H Black Red (64GB/4GB) Brand New Express Ship Worldwide. NEW Meizu Pro 7 64GB/4GB M792Q-L Unlocked Smartphone Black 5.2 Dual Screen Phone. Meizu Pro 7 Plus Smartphone Android 7.0 Helio X30 Deca Core GPS Touch ID 6G 64G. Meizu Pro 7 Plus Smartphone Android 7.0 Helio X30 Deca Core GPS Touch ID 6G 64G. Meizu Pro 7 Plus (5.7", Dual 12MP, Dual Sim 4G/3G, 64GB/6GB) - Gold. Meizu Pro 7 Plus (5.7", Dual 12MP, Dual Sim 4G/3G, 64GB/6GB) - Black. Meizu Pro 7 Dual Sim LTE Gold 5.2" Octa-core 4/64GB Dual12 MP Phone By FedEx. New Meizu Pro 7 Plus Smartphone Android 7.0 Helio X30 Deca Core 4G WIFI Touch ID. Meizu Pro 7 Plus Smartphone Android 7.0 Helio X30 Deca Core GPS Touch ID 6GB64GB. MEIZU Pro 7 - 64 GB - Black Unlocked Smartphone. 2 new & refurbished from $420.00. Luxury Slim Soft TPU Litchi Pattern Back Skin Case Cover For MEIZU PRO 7. For Meizu Pro 7 7 Plus Luxury Ultra Thin Matte Electroplate Case Cover Protector. ✤ in Stock ✤ Ship Worldwide ✤ Real USA Seller ✤. Customs services and international tracking provided. eBay determines this price through a machine learned model of the product's sale prices within the last 90 days.. eBay determines trending price through a machine learned model of the product’s sale prices within the last 90 days. "New" refers to a brand-new, unused, unopened, undamaged item, and "Used" refers to an item that has been used previously.. Top Rated Plus Sellers with highest buyer ratings Returns, money back Ships in a business day with tracking Learn More. Top Rated Plus Sellers with highest buyer ratings Returns, money back Ships in a business day with tracking Learn More. $ Enter minimum price to $ Enter maximum price. Please enter a minimum and/or maximum price before continuing.. Site Map Copyright © 1995-2018 eBay Inc. Accessibility , User Agreement , Privacy , Cookies and AdChoice Norton Secured - powered by Verisign. Amounts shown in italicized text are for items listed in currency other than U.S. dollars and are approximate conversions to U.S. dollars based upon Bloomberg's conversion rates. For more recent exchange rates, please use the Universal Currency Converter. Number of bids and bid amounts may be slightly out of date. See each listing for international shipping options and costs.. 
Samsung Galaxy S9 OnePlus 5T Huawei Mate 10 Google Pixel 2 OnePlus 5. LG K10 (2018) Samsung Galaxy S9 Elephone S8 HTC U11 Eyes Honor 9 Lite. Samsung Galaxy S9 OnePlus 5T Huawei Mate 10 Google Pixel 2 OnePlus 5. Buy and sell gently used phones. Meizu Pro 7 Guides, News, & Discussion. Meizu Pro 7 from A firmware (chinese) to G (Global) method by DiogoSepultura. Meizu Pro 7 Guides, News, & Discussion Meizu Pro 7 Real Life Review Meizu Pro 7 Questions & Answers Meizu Pro 7 ROMs, Kernels, Recoveries, & Other Development Meizu Pro 7 Themes, Apps, and Mods. 2 chinese ROM with OTA and all languages Hi, I will share my … 2 (quote). Plus, model … 1 (quote). Not all … 1 (quote) Hello! The. not depend on what … 1 Fingerprint, Home-Button Hi,. The XDA App is the fastest way to access the forums on mobile.. One-Handed Mode replicates the useful iOS "Reachability" feature without root.. Labs is an independent app store that gives developers full control over their work.. The ultimate, most complete theming solution for Android.. The best way to get cutting edge news about your device!. Xiaomi Redmi Note 5 and Redmi Note 5 Pro Forums Are Now Open for Posting. Unofficial LineageOS 15.1 brings Android 8.1 Oreo Go Edition to First Generation Android One Devices. Take Control of your Phone’s Rotation with “Rotation” Orientation Manager. Customize Samsung Experience 9.0 and Android Oreo on the Samsung Galaxy S8/S8+ with this Xposed Module. MX Player is Recruiting Users for a New Private Beta Testing Program. Dreaming Battery is a Minimalist Screensaver for Displaying your Battery Level. Having troubles with your Ad Blocker? This app adds a Quick Settings tile for easy Ad Block toggling. Guest Quick Reply (no urls or BBcode). The following errors occurred with your submission. Meizu Pro 7 from A firmware (chinese) to G (Global) method. By DiogoSepultura , Member on 18th October 2017, 02:57 PM. hello friends today i will share a method that i found on youtube how to switch from chinese to global firmware on Meizu Pro 7. all the credits are for Uncle MokuS. i just wanted to help people that is searching for it like me. so just follow the totorial - https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aDp6...08299039136556. the totorial is in russian so if you have any doubt just read the coments in video discription. that method is different that the one that i use in my old mx5 by terminal emulator... i really would prefer the terminal emulator method because just change the phone and you can install any G firmware by flyme recovery and keep with ota updates and without the phone rooted (i dont want root because i use some apps that doesnt allow me use if i have root) but i didnt find a diferent mode yet i hope some one could show a diferent method like i did to mx5. everything works because its original firmware the only thing is that to next updates you´ll have to do by flashfire. anyway i hope you all enjoy G firmware. The Following User Says Thank You to DiogoSepultura For This Useful Post: [ View ]. Honor 9 Lite and Huawei P Smart Kernel Sources have been released >. [Results are in] Honor Let the XDA Community Decide Which Intelligent Scenes Will be Added to their AI Camera >. How the Kirin 970 Uses AI to Take Better Photos >. Join Date: Joined: May 2015. My Devices: HTC Desire HD , Google Nexus 4 , Sony Xperia Z , HTC One (M7) , LG G2 , OnePlus One , LG G3 , Samsung Galaxy Note 4 , Huawei Ascend Mate 7 , Nexus 6. Hi, thanks for the good news. Does anyone know whether this method also works with the Meizu Pro 7 PLUS?. Join Date: Joined: Oct 2014. The people in comments say that its not working. The Following User Says Thank You to DiogoSepultura For This Useful Post: [ View ]. Join Date: Joined: May 2015. You can find an english Guide for the installation of the Global ROM on the chinese Meizu Pro 7 here:. Join Date: Joined: Mar 2012. I have lost my imei numbers and they become null. Also i have lost root access after intalling the update.zip from flymeos.com. Because i cant login into meizu account after installing the update.zip,. it says ''invalid parameter ''. Join Date: Joined: Nov 2017. I've got this one working for Pro 7 Plus, model M793Q:. Download Flyme 6.7.10.31 beta rom from official chinese Flyme site and put it to your phone's main folder. Enter Recovery mode (Volume Up + Power), select "Update firmware" and "Wipe data", then wait until the update is done. Download Flyme 6.1.2.0G rom from official site and also put it to your phone just like the chinese rom. Enter Recovery mode again and do the same things - select "Update firmware" and "Wipe data", then wait until the update is done. Hi, thanks for the good news. Does anyone know whether this method also works with the Meizu Pro 7 PLUS?. The Following 2 Users Say Thank You to T3Rm0 For This Useful Post: [ View ]. Dennis1311 (2nd November 2017) , TedGok (2nd November 2017). Join Date: Joined: Nov 2017. Thanks for your Method..It is working great on Meizu Pro 7 PLUS Model: M793H to. I've got this one working for Pro 7 Plus, model M793Q:. Download Flyme 6.7.10.31 beta rom from official chinese Flyme site and put it to your phone's main folder. Enter Recovery mode (Volume Up + Power), select "Update firmware" and "Wipe data", then wait until the update is done. Download Flyme 6.1.2.0G rom from official site and also put it to your phone just like the chinese rom. Enter Recovery mode again and do the same things - select "Update firmware" and "Wipe data", then wait until the update is done. The Following User Says Thank You to TedGok For This Useful Post: [ View ]. Join Date: Joined: Oct 2014. Just one thing you still have ota updates right?. im trying in my pro 7 (standard) and when i try to install the G firmware in recovery i got the message firmware corrupt do the people with pro 7 plus is lucky. its not working in the standard version i give up xD. Join Date: Joined: Nov 2017. I have still my ota updates on Meizu pro 7 plus with the global version that i recently update from A chinese firmware to beta chinese then to Global version. You need to have the Chinese Beta version first on your phone to update to Global version. You can download the chinese flyme firmware beta version from Meizufans. Allways backup your Imei number so you can restore it. That is only if the Imei NR gets NULL.Best place to have your backup is PC. Download the global version from the flymeos.com. It should work on the standard version because it has the beta version too. Just one thing you still have ota updates right?. im trying in my pro 7 (standard) and when i try to install the G firmware in recovery i got the message firmware corrupt do the people with pro 7 plus is lucky. its not working in the standard version i give up xD. Join Date: Joined: Oct 2014. so i download the firmwares from flyme websites (they are the same that we have in meizu fans) so i installed flyme 6.7.10.31 beta. after that i went to recovery and put the G firmware inside the phone main folder, the only G firmware version that pro7 standard has is 6.1.3.0. and in recovery i try to update and always say that the firmware is corrupt. I have still my ota updates on Meizu pro 7 plus with the global version that i recently update from A chinese firmware to beta chinese then to Global version. You need to have the Chinese Beta version first on your phone to update to Global version. You can download the chinese flyme firmware beta version from Meizufans. Allways backup your Imei number so you can restore it. That is only if the Imei NR gets NULL.Best place to have your backup is PC. Download the global version from the flymeos.com. It should work on the standard version because it has the beta version too. Join Date: Joined: Nov 2017. Get Root permissions in settings and download Root Explorer. Put Global rom into your main folder. Start Root Explorer, grant root permissions to him and go to /dev/block/platform/bootdevice/by-name. Open devinfo as text file and change it from 0x79101001 to 0x79151001, then save it. Open the standard Flyme explorer, click on your global rom and agree with wipe. I can't guarantee that it will work but if it won't nothing bad will happen - the phone will just reboot. so i download the firmwares from flyme websites (they are the same that we have in meizu fans) so i installed flyme 6.7.10.31 beta. after that i went to recovery and put the G firmware inside the phone main folder, the only G firmware version that pro7 standard has is 6.1.3.0. and in recovery i try to update and always say that the firmware is corrupt. Posting Quick Reply - Please Wait. Top Threads in Meizu Pro 7 Guides, News, & Discussion by ThreadRank. [ROM] [ 8.0.0 ] Official madOS - Oukitel K6000 Plus [MT6750]. [TOOL] Unlock bootloader in ASUS ZenPad 3S 10 Z500M (P027). Android Software and Hacking General [Developers Only]. [All ROMs] Ultimate BuildProp Tweaks HUB MOD | Performance Booster. Android Software and Hacking General [Developers Only]. [App][5.0+] Frost for Facebook [Open Source]. [Tutorials] How To Root Lenovo K8 Note & Install TWRP(UnOfficial) + Stock Rom. [ROM] MIUI 9 beta ROM 7.8.14 for all Xiaomi devices [Download links). [NO ROOT][UPDATED] Always On Display for any samsung device running on Android 7.0+. Meizu Pro 7 Guides, News, & Discussion. Meizu Pro 7 from A firmware (chinese) to G (Global) method by DiogoSepultura. ---- XDA 2013 Beta - 1024. XDA Developers was founded by developers, for developers. It is now a valuable resource for people who want to make the most of their mobile devices, from customizing the look and feel to adding new functionality. Are you a developer? | Terms of Service. 
Home Shop MWC News Reviews Features Opinions Videos The Gadgets 360 Show Cell Guru Prime Tech Smartphone Reviews Tech and Gadget Reviews How-To Videos Video Game Reviews and Features Top Lists by Gadgets 360 Unboxing and Hands-On Videos Podcasts Compare Mobiles Phone Finder DEALS. Mobiles Tablets Apps Gaming Cameras PC/Laptops AUDIO/VIDEO How To Telecom Science INDIA INTERNET SOCIAL MEDIA WEARABLES हिंदी. Acer Adcom Alcatel Apple Archos Asus BlackBerry Blu Celkon Coolpad Datawind Fly Gionee HTC Huawei iBall iBerry Idea InFocus Intex iVoomi Jivi Karbonn Lava LeEco Lenovo LG Lyf Maxx Mobile Meizu Micromax Microsoft Motorola MTS Nokia Obi Oppo Panasonic Philips Ringing Bells Samsung Sony Spice Swipe Videocon Vivo Wickedleak Xiaomi Xolo Yu Zen Ziox Zopo ZTE. Home Mobiles Phone Finder Meizu Pro 7. SPECIFICATIONS USER REVIEWS NEWS. Share on Facebook Tweet Share Share Email Reddit. Meizu Pro 7 The phone comes with a 5.20-inch touchscreen display with a resolution of 1080 pixels by 1920 pixels. The Meizu Pro 7 is powered by 2.5GHz octa-core MediaTek Helio P25 processor and it comes with 4GB of RAM. The phone packs 64GB of internal storage that can be expanded. As far as the cameras are concerned, the Meizu Pro 7 packs a 12-megapixel primary camera on the rear and a 16-megapixel front shooter for selfies. The Meizu Pro 7 runs Android 7.0 and is powered by a 3000mAh non removable battery. It measures 147.62 x 70.72 x 7.30 (height x width x thickness) and weigh 163.00 grams. The Meizu Pro 7 is a dual SIM (GSM + CDMA and GSM + CDMA). Connectivity options include Wi-Fi and GPS.. Meizu Pro 7, Meizu Pro 7 Plus With Rear Display, Dual Cameras Launched: Price, Specifications. More Meizu mobiles Meizu mobiles price in India. Meizu Pro 7 detailed specifications. Form factor Touchscreen Dimensions (mm) 147.62 x 70.72 x 7.30 Weight (g) 163.00 Battery capacity (mAh) 3000 Removable battery No Colours Black, Gold, Red. Screen size (inches) 5.20 Touchscreen Yes Resolution 1080x1920 pixels. Processor 2.5GHz octa-core Processor make MediaTek Helio P25 RAM 4GB Internal storage 64GB Expandable storage Yes. Rear camera 12-megapixel Rear Flash Dual LED Front camera 16-megapixel. Operating System Android 7.0 Skin Flyme OS 6. Wi-Fi Yes Wi-Fi standards supported 802.11 ac GPS Yes Bluetooth No, v 4.20 NFC No Infrared No USB OTG No Headphones 3.5mm FM No Number of SIMs 2 SIM 1 GSM/CDMA GSM + CDMA 3G No 4G/ LTE No Supports 4G in India (Band 40) No SIM 2 GSM/CDMA GSM + CDMA 3G No 4G/ LTE No Supports 4G in India (Band 40) No. Compass/ Magnetometer No Proximity sensor No Accelerometer No Ambient light sensor No Gyroscope No Barometer No Temperature sensor No. Error or missing information? Please let us know. User ratings and reviews for Meizu Pro 7. 0 Out of 5. 5 Star 4 Star 3 Star 2 Star 1 Star. Meizu Pro 7, Meizu Pro 7 Plus With Rear Display, Dual Cameras Launched: Price, Specifications. Meizu M6s Meizu M6 Meizu M6 Note Meizu Pro 7 Plus Meizu A5 Meizu M5c Meizu E2 Meizu M5s Meizu M5 Note Meizu Pro 6 Plus Meizu M3X Meizu Pro 6s Meizu M5 Meizu M3 Max Meizu U20 Meizu U10 Meizu M3E Meizu MX6 Meizu m3s Meizu m3 Meizu Pro 6 Meizu m3 note Meizu MX5e Meizu Pro 5 Ubuntu Edition Meizu metal Meizu Pro 5 Meizu m2 Meizu MX5 Meizu MX4 Ubuntu Edition. Huawei Mate 10 Lite vs. Meizu Pro 7 Meizu M6 vs. Meizu Pro 7 Meizu Pro 7 vs. Xiaomi Redmi Note 3 Meizu Pro 7 vs. Sony Xperia Xz Premium vs. Asus Zenfone 3 Ze520kl Xiaomi Mi Mix 2 vs. Meizu Pro 7 Plus vs. Xiaomi Mi 6 Xiaomi Mi Note 3 vs. Meizu Pro 7 Meizu M6 Note vs. Meizu M3 Note Meizu Pro 7 vs. Samsung Galaxy Note 8 Meizu Pro 7 Plus vs. Meizu Pro 7 Meizu Pro 7 Plus vs. Nokia 7 Plus Is an Android One Phone With Dual Rear Cameras, Zeiss Optics Samsung Galaxy S9, Galaxy S9+ With Improved Cameras, AR Emoji Launched Samsung Galaxy S9, Galaxy S9+ Pre-Orders Now Open in India Nokia 7 Plus vs Nokia 7 Nokia 8110 4G Is a 'Slider' Feature Phone With Google, Facebook Apps Sony Unveils Xperia Ear Duo to Answer Apple AirPods, Samsung Gear IconX This Is When the New Nokia Phones Will Launch in India OnePlus 5, OnePlus 5T HD Content Streaming Issue Fixed, With a Catch Vodafone to Offer 4.5GB Data Per Day for 28 Days at Rs. 799: Report Mi MIX 2S With Snapdragon 845 Confirmed by Xiaomi; Launching on March 27. Samsung phones price list Lyf phones price list Micromax phones price list Sony phones price list Htc phones price list Lenovo phones price list Intex phones price list Lava phones price list Apple phones price list Nokia phones price list Xolo phones price list Lg phones price list Vivo phones price list Oppo phones price list Gionee phones price list Motorola phones price list Blackberry phones price list Xiaomi phones price list. Sitemaps Archives Advertise About Us Feedback Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions Complaint Redressal Careers Contact Us RSS Ethics Meizu Pro 7 in Hindi. © Copyright Red Pixels Ventures Limited 2018. Subject Comments. 
ENGLISH  MENU. You can manage your notification subscription by clicking on the icon. You are Blocked.Please unblock to get news alerts. Click Here to know more.. Also available in: हिन्दी ಕನ್ನಡ മലയാളം தமிழ் తెలుగు বাংলা ગુજરાતી. News Mobile Telecom Wearables Home-Entertainment Apps Laptop Camera Tablet Gaming. Reviews Mobiles Wearables Home-Entertainment Apps Laptops/PC Tablets. How-To Tips and Tricks Mobile Feature Wearable Feature Home-Entertainment Feature Social Media Feature Apps Feature. Gallery Mobiles Concepts Laptops Reviews Wearables Tablets. Videos Reviews How-to First Impression Unboxing Interviews Features. New Devices Search Mobiles Search Laptops Recent Launches Upcoming Mobiles Compare Mobiles Top 10 Mobiles. Key Specs Overview Images Complete Specs Competitors Videos News. Meizu Pro 7 Upcoming. Facebook Twitter Google Plus. Market Status: Coming Soon | Launch Date in India: 2018, Coming Soon |. 64 GB 128 GB. 12MP+12 MP Dual lens Primary Camera, 16 MP Front Camera. 5.2 inches and 1.9 inch Secondary Display (Back Side) 1080 x 1920 pixels. Octa-core (4x1.6 GHz Cortex-A53 & 4x1.6 GHz Cortex-A35). Meizu Pro 7 comes with a 5.2 inches and 1.9 inch Secondary Display (Back Side) Capacitive Touchscreen. display with a screen resolution of 1080 x 1920 pixels. The smartphone makes use of an Octa-core (4x1.6 GHz Cortex-A53 & 4x1.6 GHz Cortex-A35), Mediatek MT6757T Helio P25 that is coupled with Mali-T880MP2 GPU,. 4 GB RAM and 64/128 GB storage default memory capacity. For imaging, the Meizu Pro 7 sports a 12 MP + 12 MP Dual Camera with 2160p@30fps, Geo Tagging, HDR.. Up front, the smartphone from Meizu makes use of a 16 MP Camera selfie camera.. The connectivity aspects on board the Meizu Pro 7 includes Wi-Fi 802.11 a/b/g/n or a/b/g/n/ac, dual-band, WiFi Direct, hotspot, v4.2, A2DP, LE, Type-C 1.0 reversible connector, with A-GPS, GLONASS, BDS. The Meizu Pro 7 gets the power from a Non removerableLi-Ion 3000 mAh battery.. The Meizu Pro 7 runs Android OS, v7.0 (Nougat).. Meizu Pro 7 comes packed with a series of sensors, like Fingerprint Sensor, NFC, Quick Charging.. The smartphone is priced at Rs. GENERAL Operating System Android OS, v7.0 (Nougat) Device type Smart Phone Sim Dual Sim (Nano + Nano) ANNOUNCED Status Coming Soon Global Release Date July 2017 Indian Release Date 2018, Coming Soon BODY Dimensions 147.6 x 70.7 x 7.3 mm Weight 163 g DISPLAY Screen size 5.2 inches and 1.9 inch Secondary Display (Back Side) Form Factor Touch Screen resolution 1080 x 1920 pixels Touchscreen Capacitive Touchscreen Technology (Display Type) Super AMOLED PROCESSOR CPU Octa-core (4x1.6 GHz Cortex-A53 & 4x1.6 GHz Cortex-A35) GPU Mali-T880MP2 Chipset Mediatek MT6757T Helio P25 STORAGE Internal Storage 64/128 GB storage RAM 4 GB RAM Phonebook Unlimited Messaging SMS, MMS, Email, Push Mail, IM Call Records Unlimited CAMERA Primary camera 12 MP + 12 MP Dual Camera Front Camera 16 MP Camera Video Recording 2160p@30fps Camera Features Geo Tagging, HDR MULTIMEDIA Audio Player MP3, AAC, AAC＋, eAAC＋, WMA Video Player H.264, MPEG-4, H.263, VC-1, WMV7, WMV8 Games Yes Speakers Yes Audio Jack 3.5mm Audio Jack BATTERY Type Non removerableLi-Ion 3000 mAh battery Stand by NA Talk time NA CONNECTIVITY GPRS Yes Edge Yes WLAN Wi-Fi 802.11 a/b/g/n or a/b/g/n/ac, dual-band, WiFi Direct, hotspot Bluetooth v4.2, A2DP, LE USB Type-C 1.0 reversible connector GPS Facility with A-GPS, GLONASS, BDS Browser HTML5 3G Speed HSPA, LTE-A NETWORK SUPPORT 3G HSDPA 850 / 900 / 1900 / 2100 MHz 2G GSM 850 / 900 / 1800 / 1900 MHz 4G VoLTE OTHER FEATURES Sensors Fingerprint Sensor, NFC, Quick Charging. Samsung Galaxy A8 Plus (2018) (64GB - 6GB RAM). 6 GB 16MP. Honor View 10 (128GB - 6GB RAM). 6 GB 16MP. 6 GB 16MP. 6 GB 16MP. &lt;div id=&quot;vt-video-player&quot;&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;script type=&quot;text/javascript&quot;&gt;window.__ventunoplayer = window.__ventunoplayer||[];window.__ventunoplayer.push({video_key: &quot;ODAzNDQxfHwxMDA2fHwwfHx8fHx8&quot;, title: &quot;OnePlus 5 vs Honor 8 Pro vs Nubia M2 Which has the best dual-camera setup ! - GIZBOT&quot;, show_title: &quot;true&quot;, holder_id: &quot;vt-video-player&quot;, player_type: &quot;vp&quot;, width:&quot;100%&quot; , ratio:&quot;4:3&quot;});&lt;/script&gt;&lt;script type=&quot;text/javascript&quot;&gt;var vtn_ply_script = document.createElement(&quot;script&quot;);vtn_ply_script.type = &quot;text/javascript&quot;;vtn_ply_script.async = true;vtn_ply_script.src = &quot;https://pl.ventunotech.com/plugins/cntplayer/ventunoSmartPlayer.js&quot;;var vtn_add_script = document.getElementsByTagName(&quot;head&quot;)[0];vtn_add_script.appendChild(vtn_ply_script);&lt;/script&gt;. Exclusive interview with Leon Zhang, Meizu India. Meizu Pro 7 reportedly arriving in India later this month January 05, 2018. If you recall, Meizu India had teased the launch of a 'Pro' smartphone in November. Speculations were rife that the company will release either the Meizu Pro 7 or the Pro 7 Plus smartphone. Meizu Pro 7 could be coming soon to India hints teaser November 07, 2017. It looks like Meizu is all set to launch a new smartphone in the Indian market. The Meizu India Twitter handle has teased the launch of a new smartphone in the country and it is believed to the Meizu Pro 7.. Best smartphones with top-of-the-line camera expected to launch in India soon September 09, 2017. Cameras are undoubtedly one of the most sought after feature of smartphones. Most of us are photography enthusiasts and what's better than our mobile devices to capture the world around us. This has all become possible due to the. Meizu Pro 7 variant with Snapdragon 835, 6GB RAM coming soon? August 05, 2017. Last week, Meizu took the wraps off its flagship smartphones Meizu Pro 7 and Meizu Pro 7 Plus. Both the smartphones come with the unique E-ink display and some powerful features. However, we have now come across something very. Meizu m5 (32GB - 3GB RAM). Meizu m5 (16GB - 2GB RAM). Upcoming Upcoming Upcoming Upcoming Upcoming. Meizu M6 (16GB - 2GB RAM). Meizu M6 (32GB - 3GB RAM). About Us | Terms of Service | Privacy Policy | RSS | Contact Us | Site Feedback | Sitemap. © Greynium Information Technologies Pvt. Stay updated with latest technology news & gadget reviews - Gizbot. You have already selected 4 products. 
Home > Topics > Meizu Pro 7. Meizu Pro 7 with secondary display to launch in India later this month: Report. Staff | January 7, 2018 12:32 PM IST. Back in November last year, Meizu had teased a 'Pro' smartphone, and rumors pointed towards either t.... Meizu Pro 7 with secondary display to launch in India later this month: Report. Meizu M6 Note with dual-camera, Snapdragon 625 SoC likely to launch in India next month. Staff | November 16, 2017 4:50 PM IST. Joining the last line of launches this year is Meizu. The company's latest teaser on its official T.... Meizu M6 Note with dual-camera, Snapdragon 625 SoC likely to launch in India next month. Meizu M6 Note with dual-camera, Snapdragon 625 SoC likely to launch in India next month. Staff | November 16, 2017 4:50 PM IST. Joining the last line of launches this year is Meizu. The company's latest teaser on its official T.... Meizu M6 Note with dual-camera, Snapdragon 625 SoC likely to launch in India next month. Meizu Pro 7 with dual displays, dual cameras expected to launch in India soon. Staff | November 8, 2017 9:58 AM IST. Meizu launched the Pro 7 and Pro 7 Plus smartphones in China back in July. Meizu Pro 7 with dual displays, dual cameras expected to launch in India soon. Meizu Pro 7 with dual displays, dual cameras expected to launch in India soon. Staff | November 8, 2017 9:58 AM IST. Meizu launched the Pro 7 and Pro 7 Plus smartphones in China back in July. Meizu Pro 7 with dual displays, dual cameras expected to launch in India soon. Meizu X2 smartphone with dual circular display leaked. Marcia Sekhose | August 1, 2017 5:54 PM IST. Just last week, Meizu launched its dual display smartphones , the Pro 7 and Pro 7 Plus in China, and.... Meizu X2 smartphone with dual circular display leaked. Meizu X2 smartphone with dual circular display leaked. Marcia Sekhose | August 1, 2017 5:54 PM IST. Just last week, Meizu launched its dual display smartphones , the Pro 7 and Pro 7 Plus in China, and.... Meizu X2 smartphone with dual circular display leaked. Reliance JioPhone to Xiaomi Mi Max 2: Top 10 phones launched in July 2017. Nandini Yadav | August 1, 2017 8:52 AM IST. The month of July was loaded with smartphone launches. To be precise, we counted about 36 smartphone.... Reliance JioPhone to Xiaomi Mi Max 2: Top 10 phones launched in July 2017. Reliance JioPhone to Xiaomi Mi Max 2: Top 10 phones launched in July 2017. Nandini Yadav | August 1, 2017 8:52 AM IST. The month of July was loaded with smartphone launches. To be precise, we counted about 36 smartphone.... Reliance JioPhone to Xiaomi Mi Max 2: Top 10 phones launched in July 2017. Xiaomi Mi 5X to Samsung Galaxy J7 Nxt: List of smartphones launched this week. Marcia Sekhose | July 29, 2017 3:32 PM IST. Last week went quite busy with smartphones launching in India, China and the US. Xiaomi Mi 5X to Samsung Galaxy J7 Nxt: List of smartphones launched this week. Xiaomi Mi 5X to Samsung Galaxy J7 Nxt: List of smartphones launched this week. Marcia Sekhose | July 29, 2017 3:32 PM IST. Last week went quite busy with smartphones launching in India, China and the US. Xiaomi Mi 5X to Samsung Galaxy J7 Nxt: List of smartphones launched this week. Meizu Pro 7, Pro 7 Plus with secondary screen launched: Here's everything you need to know. IANS | July 29, 2017 6:00 AM IST. Chinese smartphone manufacturer Meizu unveiled its latest flagship devices -- 'PRO 7' and 'PRO 7 Plu.... Meizu Pro 7, Pro 7 Plus with secondary screen launched: Here's everything you need to know. Meizu Pro 7, Pro 7 Plus with secondary screen launched: Here's everything you need to know. IANS | July 29, 2017 6:00 AM IST. Chinese smartphone manufacturer Meizu unveiled its latest flagship devices -- 'PRO 7' and 'PRO 7 Plu.... Meizu Pro 7, Pro 7 Plus with secondary screen launched: Here's everything you need to know. Meizu Pro 7, Pro 7 Plus with dual screens launched: Price, specifications, features. Rutu Ladage | July 27, 2017 9:51 AM IST. Meizu Pro 7 and Meizu Pro 7 Plus, the much rumored Meizu flagship smartphones of 2017 have finally b.... Meizu Pro 7, Pro 7 Plus with dual screens launched: Price, specifications, features. Meizu Pro 7, Pro 7 Plus with dual screens launched: Price, specifications, features. Rutu Ladage | July 27, 2017 9:51 AM IST. Meizu Pro 7 and Meizu Pro 7 Plus, the much rumored Meizu flagship smartphones of 2017 have finally b.... Meizu Pro 7, Pro 7 Plus with dual screens launched: Price, specifications, features. Meizu Pro 7 official image out ahead of the launch, secondary display confirmed. Deepak Gupta | July 24, 2017 6:22 PM IST. Meizu Pro 7 will go official this week as teased by the company. Meizu Pro 7 official image out ahead of the launch, secondary display confirmed. Meizu Pro 7 official image out ahead of the launch, secondary display confirmed. Deepak Gupta | July 24, 2017 6:22 PM IST. Meizu Pro 7 will go official this week as teased by the company. Meizu Pro 7 official image out ahead of the launch, secondary display confirmed. Meizu's latest teaser confirms secondary display on Pro 7: Here's everything you need to know. Maitrayee Iyer | July 20, 2017 5:25 PM IST. The Meizu Pro 7 has been a part of rumor mills for quite some time now. Meizu's latest teaser confirms secondary display on Pro 7: Here's everything you need to know. Meizu's latest teaser confirms secondary display on Pro 7: Here's everything you need to know. Maitrayee Iyer | July 20, 2017 5:25 PM IST. The Meizu Pro 7 has been a part of rumor mills for quite some time now. Meizu's latest teaser confirms secondary display on Pro 7: Here's everything you need to know. Meizu Pro 7 and Pro 7 Plus to launch on July 26, media invite reveals. Rutu Ladage | July 17, 2017 4:15 PM IST. The Meizu Pro 7 has already seen multiple leaks and the smartphone has long been rumored to be arriv.... Meizu Pro 7 and Pro 7 Plus to launch on July 26, media invite reveals. चुनावी समर से पहले राहुल गांधी- अमित शाह के बीच लगी मंदिर यात्रा की होड़. ये हैं बॉलीवुड की 'चांदनी' श्रीदेवी की कुछ बेहतरीन तस्वीरें. ये हैं बॉलीवुड की 'चांदनी' श्रीदेवी की कुछ बेहतरीन तस्वीरें. रेलवे की वेटिंग लिस्ट में लागू होगा नया नियम, महिलाओं को होगा फायदा. केंद्र सरकार के रवैये से लोगों में अशांति फैल रही : चंद्रबाबू नायडू. Indian Premier League 2018 Holi 2018 Assembly Elections 2018 North East Jammu and Kashmir Narendra Modi Salman Khan Donald Trump Festivals & Events 2017 India vs South Africa 3rd T20I Match MWC 2018. Sridevi Funeral in Mumbai Live Updates. Sonu Ke Titu Ki Sweety Movie Review. Divyanka Tripathi shares memories from Nach Baliye 8, pays tribute to Sridevi. Sonu Ke Titu Ki Sweety becomes the third highest opening weekend grosser after Padmaavat and Pad Man. Sridevi's funeral in Mumbai LIVE updates: Forensic reports finally out; confirm "nothing suspicious" about the sudden death. Harvey Weinstein's New York studio to declare bankruptcy. IPL 2018: Ravichandran Ashwin appointed Kings XI Punjab's captain. New Zealand paceman Seth Rance helps firemen extinguish fire at local pub. Yuvzendra Chahal, Kuldeep Yadav have done really well, says Mohammad Hafeez. India vs South Africa, 5th Women’s T20I, statistical highlights. MWC 2018: Sony Xperia Ear Duo launched. MWC 2018: Sony Xperia XZ2, Xperia XZ2 Compact launched with bezel-less design. US top court to hear Microsoft case on data protection overseas. Apple to launch over-ear headphones in 2018. MWC 2018: Nokia 8 Sirocco, Nokia 7 Plus, Nokia 6, Nokia 1 and Nokia 8110 unveiled. New steps taken to fight, understand glaucoma. Some facts about sudden cardiac arrest that you should know. 8 things to do in case of a sudden cardiac death according to an expert. Diet to reduce stroke risk aids to lessen depression risk. Sridevi dies due to cardiac arrest; a doctor explains why women need to take care of their heart health seriously. Advertise With Us | About Us | Disclaimer | Privacy Policy | Contact Us | Author Profiles. 
Meizu Pro 7 and Pro 7 Plus launched: everything you need to know. Meizu Pro 7 brings in a wide range of features at a budget tag [Image via P A Gadget/YouTube screencap]. Meizu Pro 7 and Pro 7 Plus launched: everything you need to know. The entry of Meizu Pro 7 series into the mobile market with secondary display provides an awesome and enjoyable work experience for tech enthusiasts.. (Curated by Parasshuram Shalgar ). — MEIZU (@MEIZU) July 26, 2017 Addition of mCharge technology. #Meizu #Pro 7 and Pro 7 Plus smartphones have been officially #Launched in Silver, Gold, Black, and Red color variants. The newly launched devices will be available from August 5 in China. The main attraction of the handset is the integration of a 1.9-inch secondary Super AMOLED display with a pixel density of 307PPI.. Moreover, the display shows information related to weather, notifications, time, music, movies and much more. It is also possible to make use of the secondary display for capturing selfies using the camera located on the rear.. Talking about the specifications, the 7'th edition of the Meizu Pro will be equipped with a 5.2-inch FHD Super AMOLED FHD display, 4GB RAM coupled with both 64GB and 128GB internal storage.. The handset will be available in both Helio P25 and Helio X30 processor variants. While the Helio P25 is equipped with a Mali-T880 graphics processor, the model with X30 chipset will have PowerVR 7XTP-MP4 graphics.. Powered by a 3000mAh battery with mCharge 4.0 technology, the both variants of Meizu Pro are loaded with Android 7.0 Nougat based on Flyme OS 6 platform. With a weight of 163 grams, the phone measures 7.3mm in thickness.. Meanwhile, the latest Meizu Pro Plus features a 5.7-inch Quad HD Super AMOLED display with a massive resolution of 2560 x 1440 pixels, Helio X30 processor, 6GB RAM alongside both 64GB and 128GB internal storage. While the Pro edition is embedded with a 3000mAh battery, the Pro version carries a 3500mAh mCharge fast charging battery to provide an enhanced backup.. In addition to 4G VoLTE, the Meizu Pro 7 Plus provides support for Wi-Fi, Bluetooth, GPS, dual-SIM and USB Type-C port.. The camera infused with the Meizu Pro 7 series offers dual 12MP Sony IMX386 sensors alongside f/2.0 aperture with support for dual-tone LED flash and PDAF. The sensors consist of one RGB and monochrome sensors, which helps you to capture black and white images. The phone incorporates a 16MP snapper on the front for capturing brilliant selfies and video calling activities.. Regarding pricing, the Meizu Pro 7 with Helio P25 processor alongside 4GB RAM is priced at CNY 2800 ($416), the model with Helio X30 processor, 4GB RAM, and 129GB storage will cost CNY 3380 ($502). The Pro 7 Plus, meanwhile, will cost CNY 3580 ($532) for the 6GB RAM and 64GB internal storage version. The 128GB storage model will hit the retail shelves for CNY 4080, which equates to $606.. 'Teen Mom' Update: Which MTV stars are currently not pregnant? [VIDEO]. 6 Amazing Ways Crying May Benefit Your Health [VIDEO]. NBA Rumors: Spurs’ Kawhi Leonard to Celtics could happen [VIDEO]. How to beat Instagram's new algorithm for January 2018. Apple iPhone 8 might cost $999. Samsung announced Bixby 2.0, to take on Amazon’s Alexa voice assistant. Google Home is a brand of smart speakers developed by Google. HTC confirms Android Oreo update for 3 of its smartphones. Google releases Android 8.1 Oreo developer preview and brings new features. Apple News: Here are the exciting new features and looks of the iPhone 8. Intel Optane Update: Optane SSD 900P comes with a shocking price. Blasting SA, IDI CHE-247.845.224, Palazzo Mercurio, Piazza Colonnello Bernasconi 5 - 6830 Chiasso (Switzerland) - © 2013-2022 The Blasting News. This website uses profiling (non technical) cookies, also third parties cookies, in order to send advertising messages according to user's preferences. To know our policy or to deny the consent for cookies use click here. If you continue the navigation through accessing each element below or you close this banner you agree to the use of cookies. 
Nokia 8 Sirocco: Let’s Find Out in the Hands On Review That What It Is Offers Us. Samsung Galaxy S9 vs OnePlus 5T First Look Review to Know Which One is Better to Buy. MediaTek Presents Helio P60: 12nm FinFET and With Integrated AI Support. Nokia 7 Plus: Nokia joins the Reduced Frames With Android One and It Will Go On Sale In April. Huawei MediaPad M5 and M5 10 Pro Officially Announced; Specs, Features and Pricing. Vivo APEX FullView Concept Phone Hands-On With Periscope Camera and 98% Screen To Body Ratio. Xiaomi Mi 7 Leaked Images Reveal Front and Rear Design. Samsung Galaxy S9, S9+ Gets Unveiled at MWC 2018 with Stellar Cameras, Robust Specs, Improved Design. You are at: Home » APS Products » Meizu Pro 7. Helio P25 2.6GHz Octa Core / Helio X30 Deca core. 5.2 inches FHD Super AMOLED Display. Meizu Pro 7 4GB 128GB Helio X30. Meizu Pro 7 4GB 64GB Helio X30. Meizu Pro 7 4GB 128GB Helio X30. The overall rating is based on review by our experts. Helio P25 2.6GHz Octa Core / Helio X30 Deca core. 5.2 inches FHD Super AMOLED Display. WCDMA :B1/B2/B5/B8 TD-SCDMA:B34/39. Ambient Light Sensor,E-Compass,Gravity Sensor,Gyroscope,Hall Sensor,Infrared Radiation. 14.76 x 7.07 x 0.73 cm / 5.81 x 2.78 x 0.29 inches. Be the first to add a Review. 6 / 10 based on your selection. Please post a user review only if you have / had this product.. Select Language العربية Nederlands English Français Deutsch Italiano Latin Português Русский Español. Nokia 8 Sirocco: Let’s Find Out in the Hands On Review That What It Is Offers Us. Samsung Galaxy S9 vs OnePlus 5T First Look Review to Know Which One is Better to Buy. MediaTek Presents Helio P60: 12nm FinFET and With Integrated AI Support. Nokia 7 Plus: Nokia joins the Reduced Frames With Android One and It Will Go On Sale In April. Xiaomi Mi Mix 2s vs Xiaomi Mi Mix 2. Huawei P20 vs Samsung Galaxy S9 vs Samsung Galaxy S9 Plus. Igeekphone.com provides the first China tech news and reviews about smartphone, tablets, RC drones, VR headset, and other accessories. It's the best platform to improve your brand and product. Contact us : info@igeekphone.com. Samsung Galaxy S9 vs OnePlus 5T First Look Review to Know Which One is Better to Buy. Freesat V7S TV Signal Recevier Set| HD 1080P DVB-S2| Design, Features Review (Coupon Inside). Xiaomi HUAMI AMAZFIT Stratos Smart Watch 2| 512MB Ram & 4GB Rom 1.34-inch Touchscreen| Design, Hardware, Features Review. 3G WIFI Car DVR GPS Smart BT Rearview Mirror| 7″ TOUCH SCREEN, 1080P Android 5.0| Just at $98 (Coupon Inside). Xiaomi Mi 7 Leaked Images Reveal Front and Rear Design. Xiaomi has confirmed that it will be launching the Xiaomi Mi MIX 2S smartphone on…. Xiaomi HUAMI AMAZFIT Stratos Smart Watch 2| 512MB Ram & 4GB Rom 1.34-inch Touchscreen| Design, Hardware, Features Review. The Xiaomi HUAMI AMAZFIT Stratos SmartWatch 2 was very impressive on the hardware front, but…. Xiaomi MI MIX 2S Release Date and Antutu Score Confirmed By Official. trailer said, today Xiaomi phone officially announces. Xiaomi MI MIX 2S will be released…. Xiaomi Mi Mix 2S: Is It Worth Buying This Smartphone?. On February 26, Xiaomi will present its news in MWC 2018 and despite leaving out…. Copyright © 2016 IGeekphone .. 
News Meizu Pro 7 with 5.62-inch Super AMOLED 'bezel-less' display and Kirin 960 SoC leaks online. Meizu Pro 7 with 5.62-inch Super AMOLED 'bezel-less' display and Kirin 960 SoC leaks online. Meizu’s rumored smartphone with bezel-less display is dubbed as the Pro 7. A host of leaks ranging from from its looks, design, specifications to its price have emerged online.. Updated: November 16, 2016 10:29 AM IST. Few days earlier, an unannounced Meizu smartphone with bezel-less display had emerged online. This Xiaomi Mi Mix-inspired Meizu smartphone was also accompanied with a teaser hinting at a launch on December 24 with a tagline “Something unexpected is coming.” The Meizu smartphone appeared to have a display area ratio of close to 100 percent and also a fingerprint scanner embedded below the display suspected to be Qualcomm’s ultrasonic fingerprint scanner. More leaks have been spotted online, courtesy of leakster @KJuma , which reveals that the smartphone’s name is Meizu Pro 7 and also shed light on its design along with key specifications and its price.. The leaked images as spotted by AndroidPure , were posted on Weibo and looks like they were part of a PowerPoint presentation. The leaked images show the Meizu Pro 7 in what looks to be a metal body with the display covering almost 100 percent of the screen. As seen previously, the front display houses a fingerprint scanner, which is suspected to be Qualcomm’s ultrasonic fingerprint scanner. However, one of the leaked images also mentions Sonavation, a leading company in manufacturing ultrasonic biometric fingerprint sensors. Even though the manufacturer may not be confirmed but a fingerprint scanner embedded in the display is most likely to feature in the Meizu Pro 7. According to the image, it a has web camera-like selfie camera popping out from the top of the device, which most probably is because no space for a camera lens on the front.. On the back of the smartphone, the rear camera lens is placed vertically with the Meizu branding embedded below. Antenna bands can be seen running along the sides of the smartphone, both top and bottom. The power button and the volume rocker are located on the right side of the smartphone.. According to leaks, the Meizu Pro 7 is expected to feature a 5.62-inch Super AMOLED display with display resolution of 2160 x 1080 pixels. The Meizu Pro 7 is also expected to be only 6.5mm thin. Although there isn’t any information on the processor, GSMArena reports that Meizu will opt for Huawei’s Kirin 960 chipset instead of using Samsung’s Exynos chipset. The Kirin 960 chipset is also said to be paired with the new Cortex-A73 CPU cores and the Mali-G71 Vulkan-enabled GPU.. Moving ahead, the Meizu Pro 7 is expected to come with 6GB RAM and storage options of 64GB and 128GB. In the photography front, the Meizu Pro 7 is expected to sport an 8-megapixel selfie camera which is seen popping out on the front and a 12-megapixel rear camera with Sony IMX 386 sensors. The Meizu pro 7’s battery although not mentioned, is said to come with mCharge 4.0 which can fully charge the smartphone in 40 minutes. The Android OS which the smartphone will run on will be wrapped under Meizu’s Flyme 5.1. Meizu m5 Note with Helio P10 chipset, 13-megapixel camera leaked; here’s what we know so far. In addition to this, the launch date of December 24 remains the same with the time given as 20.00PM CST. The price of the Meizu Pro 7 has also been mentioned on the leaked images. The 6GB plus 64GB variant is priced at CNY 2699 (Rs 26,700 approximately) and the 6GB plus 128GB variant is priced at CNY 3099 (Rs 30,700 approximately). There has been no official word so far on the Pro 7 or the likeliness of a bezel-less smartphone by Meizu. And since the authenticity of the leaked images cannot be judged, it would be wise to take the information with a grain of salt.. Reports about Meizu’s bezel-less camera come days after Xiaomi introduced the concept Mi Mix smartphone with bezel less display. The Mi Mix has a 6.4-inch near bezel-less display with screen-to-body ratio of 91.3 percent. The smartphone skips the metal frame, and uses ceramic instead. The smartphone is powered by Qualcomm’s powerful Snapdragon 821 quad-core processor paired with 4GB of RAM and 128GB onboard storage. There is another ‘Pro’ variant with 6GB of RAM and 256GB of onboard storage. Price of the Mi Mix starts at RMB 3,499, which is approximately Rs 34,000. Xiaomi Mi MIX with 6.4-inch bezel-less display launched in China: Price, specifications and features. Android 6.0.1 Marshmallow with MIUI 8. Qualcomm Snapdragon 821 Quad Core 2.35GHz Processor. 16 MP with PDAF, EIS, dual tone LED flash. dual 12 MP with Sony IMX386 dual sensors. Published Date: November 15, 2016 6:45 PM IST. Updated Date: November 16, 2016 10:29 AM IST. Meizu Meizu Pro 7 xiaomi Xiaomi Mi MIX. Canon's new flash uses AI to perfectly bounce light onto your subject. MWC 2018: Sony Xperia Ear Duo launched. BSNL selects Nokia to launch 4G service in 10 circles. Energizer Hardcase H590S with 6GB RAM, quad-camera launched. Xiaomi Redmi Note 5 Pro Face Unlock: How does it work?. 7 reasons why the Samsung Galaxy S9 and Galaxy S9+ offer more than the Apple iPhone X. Samsung Galaxy S9, Galaxy S9+ hands-on and first impressions. MWC 2018: Samsung Galaxy S9+ launched: Specifications, features. MWC 2018: Samsung Galaxy S9 launched: Specifications, features. 7 reasons why the Samsung Galaxy S9 and Galaxy S9+ offer more than the Apple iPhone X. The Xiaomi Mi TV 4 could do for the Indian TV market what the Redmi Note 4 did for smartphones. Are the Xiaomi Redmi Note 5 and Redmi Note 5 Pro worth the upgrade?. Amazon Alexa could get a lot better if it invested in dedicated AI chips. Facebook Likes: The more you know about social media, the more you will want to stay away from it. Xiaomi Redmi Note 5 Pro Review. Canon's new flash uses AI to perfectly bounce light onto your subject. MWC 2018: Sony Xperia Ear Duo launched. Sony Xperia XZ2, Xperia XZ2 Compact is now official. US top court to hear Microsoft case on data protection overseas. Apple to launch over-ear headphones in 2018. Xiaomi Redmi Note 5 Pro Face Unlock: How does it work?. MWC 2018: Nokia 1, Nokia 4, Nokia 7+, Nokia 9, Nokia 8 Sirocco rumor roundup. OnePlus 5T vs Honor View10 vs Moto Z2 Force: Cameras compared. Samsung Galaxy S9, Galaxy S9+ rumor roundup. Meizu Meizu Pro 7 xiaomi Xiaomi Mi MIX. Xiaomi Redmi Note 5 Pro Face Unlock: How does it work?. Xiaomi Mi MIX 2s with Snapdragon 845 SoC confirmed to launch on March 27. Microsoft partners Xiaomi to build AI-powered budget speakers, smartphones. Online smartphone shipment in India records 23% growth: Counterpoint. MWC 2018: ZTE ने लॉन्च किये अपने ZTE Blade V9 और Blade V9 Vita स्मार्टफोन. पीएम मोदी ने उबर के सीईओ से चर्चा की. MWC 2018: सोनी ने लॉन्च किया Xperia Ear Duo ईयरबड. वोडाफोन ने स्पेशल एडीशन के साथ पेश किया कैम्पस सरवाइवल किट. एप्पल iPhone X पर मिल रहा 20,000 रुपए का बायबैक आॅफर. Canon's new flash uses AI to perfectly bounce light onto your subject. MWC 2018: Sony Xperia Ear Duo launched. Sony Xperia XZ2, Xperia XZ2 Compact is now official. US top court to hear Microsoft case on data protection overseas. Apple to launch over-ear headphones in 2018. MWC 2018: Sony Xperia Ear Duo launched @sonyxperia @SonyXperiaIndia @sony_india @Sony … buff.ly/2FzZ1kE. #MWC2018 : Sony #MWC2018 , #MWC2018 launched with bezel-less design @sonyxperia … buff.ly/2FtQbVj. @oneplus adding HD video streaming support on #OnePlus5 and #OnePlus5 but there is a catch buff.ly/2FyhA8w https://t.co/mw5rGXJZPE. 
India World Cities Opinion Sports Entertainment Lifestyle Technology Viral Photos Videos ePaper. See More See Less. 25th Swayamsevak Samagam: Hindus have to unite, India’s responsibility is upon us, says RSS chief Mohan Bhagwat Oust ‘anti-people’ BJP govt from Haryana: Bhupinder Singh Hooda In Fact: Is Bengaluru about to run dry? India reaches out, invites Pakistan Minister for WTO talks in Delhi ‘Stalled projects’ is bad optics, so government moves to tweak label. Meizu Pro 7, Pro 7 Plus with secondary screen, dual cameras launched: Price, key. Meizu has finally launched its dual-screen Pro 7 and Pro 7 Plus smartphones. Perhaps the highlight of the phones is a Super AMOLED display on the back, although not an e-ink screen previously thought. Meizu Pro 7 Plus will come in black, matte black, silver, and gold colour options. Meizu Pro 7, on the other hand, will come in black, gold and red.. Technology Mobile & Tabs Meizu Pro 7, Pro 7 Plus with secondary screen, dual cameras launched: Price, key. Meizu Pro 7 and Pro 7 Plus feature a 1.9-inch AMOLED screen that will mirror notifications, but you can use it for media controls, show the time, weather info, or take selfies with the back camera.. By: Tech Desk | New Delhi |. Updated: July 27, 2017 5:01 pm. Meizu M6s launched with 18:9 display, Samsung Exynos 7872. processor Meizu M6 Note India launch soon, company puts out teaser on. Twitter Meizu Pro 7 with secondary display to launch on July 26 in. After days of anticipation, Meizu has finally launched its dual-screen Pro 7 and Pro 7 Plus smartphones. Perhaps the highlight of the phones is a Super AMOLED display on the back, although not an e-ink screen previously thought. Meizu Pro 7 Plus will come in black, matte black, silver, and gold colour options. Meizu Pro 7, on the other hand, will come in black, gold and red.. This isn’t the first time we’ve seen a phone with a seconday screen. LG has been selling its smartphones under the V-series with a dual-display. Even the HTC U Ultra offers a secondary display that sits at the top of the front and is completely independent of the primary screen.. As for the Pro 7 and Pro 7 Plus, the design is different. Meizu has incorporated a secondary screen on the back of the phones. The rear display is a 1.9-inch AMOLED screen that will mirror notifications, but you can use it for media controls, show the time, weather info, or take selfies with the back camera. You can even set live wallpapers complete with customisable options. While it may look innovative, it’s hard to tell how useful the secondary screen will be in general usage.. The rest of the specifications on these two phones are top-notch. Meizu Pro 7 features a 5.2-inch Full HD Super AMOLED panel, while the Pro 7 Plus is coming at 5.7-inches with QHD resolution, also using AMOLED technologies. Under the hood, the Pro 7 Plus uses the latest MediaTek Helio X30 processor, 6GB RAM, 64/128GB storage, and a 3500mAh battery. Meizu Pro 7 is powered by an old MediaTek Helio P25 processor, 4GB RAM, 64/128GB storage, and a 3000mAh battery. Both smartphone support the company’s proprietary mCharge fast charging technology.. Both smartphones feature the latest version of Flyme OS, based on Android 7.0 Nougat. These devices feature Sony ’s dual 12-megapixel shooters with f 2.0 aperture, and a 16-megapixel camera on the front. Moreover, Meizu Pro 7 and Pro 7 Plus also have a dedicated audio processing chip that should provide great sound.. Both Meizu Pro 7 and Pro 7 Plus will go on sale in China on August 5. While the former device will cost $430 ( or approx Rs 27,569), the latter device will set you back by $530 ( or approx Rs 33,981). Meizu is currently selling its devices in India, but there’s no information when these devices will be made available.. For all the latest Technology News , download Indian Express App. © IE Online Media Services Pvt Ltd. Meizu Pro 7 with secondary e-ink display to launch on July 26 in China:. Meizu M5 smartphone with 32GB storage launched at Rs. 1 Sridevi funeral LIVE UPDATES: Mortal remains to arrive in Mumbai today 2 Sridevi dies at 54, leaves India in shock 3 This video of two Pakistani anchors 'fighting in a newsroom' has gone viral 4 Railway Group D recruitment 2018 for 62,907 posts: Eligibility criteria changes, apply online. Cities Delhi Chief Secretary 'assault' case: Discrepancy in CCTV timing found at Kejriwal's home, police tells court Former cabinet secretary TRS Subramanian passes away, PM Modi condoles death J-K: Militant killed after aides hurl grenade at police station to free him Opinion Populists are here to stay. They take revenge on soft targets and make people dream Opinion Union Budget 2018 has laid the ground for a higher and sustained economic growth. Entertainment Sridevi death: Everything you wanted to ask, but didn’t Entertainment Here's why Sridevi and Kamal Haasan pairing is irreplaceable Entertainment Sridevi's electric double roles: From Chaalbaaz to Lamhe Trending This video of two Pakistani anchors 'fighting in a newsroom' has gone viral Trending Pakistani airlines hilariously trolled with complaints on Facebook after they put up ad on why everyone should fly with them. Shiv Sena to contest Lok Sabha polls in Goa in alliance with GSM: Sanjay Raut LIVE UPDATES: BJP’s schemes are only for few specific rich industrialists, says Rahul Gandhi in Karnataka In the wake of PNB fraud, Bank unions drop March 15 strike plan Bhaichung Bhutia resigns from Trinamool Congress membership Sports Onus on young pacers to prove mettle Sports India bid farewell to SA tour on a happy note Lifestyle Sridevi: From Queen Bee to Style Star Sridevi as a timeless beauty and fashion icon through the years Technology Samsung Galaxy S9, Galaxy S9+ First impressions and FAQs Technology MWC 2018: LG V30S ThinQ puts the focus on AI-driven camera. R Ashwin to lead Kings XI Punjab in IPL. 2018 Sourav Ganguly ignored Ian Chappell, Sunil Gavaskar’s warnings before appointing Greg Chappell as India. coach J-K: Militant killed after aides hurl grenade at police station to free. him ONGC says KG-D5 output delay due to policy. changes Government has vision to turn Maharashtra into 1-trillion dollar economy, says Governor Vidyasagar. PM Modi condoles demise of former Karnataka CM Dharam. Large, distant comets more common than thought:. It is opportunism, treachery with people’s mandate: Congress on Nitish. Please reload and try again !!!. Copyright © 2018 The Indian Express [P] Ltd. 
Likes Followers Followers Followers Followers mobitabspecs Subscribe. TomTop Deals: Sharp Z2 4G smartphone available for $117.99 GearBest Deals: Onda V80 Tablet available for $74.99 TomTop Deals: HOMTOM S8 available for $128.99 GearBest Deals: Xiaomi Mi Note 3 available for $379.99 TomTop Deals: Koolnee K1 Trio smartphone available for $229.99 GearBest Deals: Xiaomi Mi Mix 2 available for $569.99 GearBest Deals: Xiaomi Mi 6 smartphone available for $449.99 GearBest Deals: MSI GL62M 7RD – 223CN Gaming Laptop available for $899.99 GearBest Deals: Vernee X Mobile available for $247.99 TomTop Deals: MX10 Android 7.1.2 TV Box RK3328 4GB / 32GB available for $58.99. Mobitabspecs - Tech Blog with Mobile Phones News and Specifications. News Deals Review Specification Mobiles Tablets Laptops Compare Comparisons. All Apps News Tablet News Mobile News Accessories News. Intex Aqua Lions T1 Lite launched in India for Rs 3899. iLA X AliExpress Tech Discovery Promotions & Will Attend the MWC 2018. Unnamed HTC 2Q5W1 smartphone spotted on GeekBench. Prev Next. All Tablet Deals TomTop Deals Mobile Deals Laptop Deals GearBest Deals Accessories Deal. TomTop Deals: Sharp Z2 4G smartphone available for $117.99. GearBest Deals: Onda V80 Tablet available for $74.99. TomTop Deals: HOMTOM S8 available for $128.99. Prev Next. DesignCap Review- A Free and Effortless Online Poster Maker. Create Beautiful Logo Designs for Your Business With DesignEvo. Review: iSeePassword Windows Password Recovery Pro. Switch To A New Phone And Make The Switch As Easy As It Gets. Prev Next. Home Gadgets Mobiles Meizu Pro 7. Brand: Meizu Category: Mobiles. Rear Camera : 12 MP + 12 MP. Phone Memory : 64 GB/ 128 GB. OS : Android OS v7.0. The overall rating is based on review by our experts. 9.1 4.6 1. Display 10 / 10. RAM 9 / 10. Processor 9 / 10. Camera 9 / 10. Connectivity 10 / 10. Battery 8 / 10. Performance 9 / 10. Design 8 / 10. Meizu Pro 7 smartphone was launched in China, July-2017. It will go on sale starting from 05-Aug-2017 and comes with Black, Gold, Red and Silver colours.. The device has a 5.2-inch Super AMOLED multi-touch display with screen resolutions of 1920 x 1080 pixels and 423PPI.. The smartphone comes with two processor variants- One is powered by an. Octa-core (4 x 1.6 GHz Cortex-A53 & 4 x 1.6 GHz Cortex-A35) MediaTek MT6757T Helio P25 with Mali T880 GPU while other one offers a Deca-core (2 x 2.6 GHz Cortex-A73, 4 x 1.9 GHz Cortex-A35, 4 x 2.2 GHz Cortex-A53) MediaTek MT6799 Helio P30 processor with PowerVR 7XTP-MP4 GPU. The device also comes with 64GB/ 128GB internal memory.. Meizu Pro 7 - Technical Specification. 26,700), 128GB ROM: CNY 3380 (Approx. Type Design Type called form factor refers to a mobile phone's size, shape, and style as well as the layout and position of major components of phone. There are three major form factors seen in mobile phones => bar phones, folding phones and sliding phones.. 147.6 mm x 70.7 mm x 7.3 mm. Black Gold Red Silver. Display Type Display Technology => A number of display technologies and types used in mobile phones => TFT (Thin Film Transistor), IPS (In-Place Switching), OLED (Organic Light Emitting Diode), AMOLED (Active-Matrix Organic Light-Emitting Diode), Super AMOLED (an even advanced version of AMOLED), Resistive Touchscreen (Resistive touchscreens contain two layer of conductive material with a very small gap between them which acts as a resistance), Capacitive Touchsceen (Capacitive touchscreen technology consists of a layer of glass coated with a transparent conductor). Pixel Density Pixel Density (PPI) is refers to the concentration of pixels on a particular display, measured in pixels per inch (ppi). Pixel density is calculated by dividing the diagonal pixel resolution of a display by its diagonal size, higher pixel density better display quality.. 1920 x 1080 Pixels, Secondary: 536 x 240 Pixels. Display Colors Display Colors is refers to the number of different shades of colors that the screen is capable of displaying => 64K colors, 256K colors and 16 million colors, Obviously 16M is highest available range of colors and better than others.. Display Protection Display Protection => Gorilla Glass is a special alkali-aluminosilicate glass shield with exceptional damage resistance that helps protect mobile displays from scratches, drops, and bumps of everyday use, It is always better to go for a smartphone with Gorilla Glass for that added protection and peace of mind.. GSM 850 / 900 / 1800 / 1900 MHz. GSM 850/ 900 / 1900 / 2100 MHz CDMA 2000 1xEV-DO & TD-SCDMA. LTE Band 1, 3, 7, 38, 39, 40, 41. SIM SIM (Subscriber Identity Module) is a small card that contains mobile network subscriber's account information. This allows the phone using the card to attach to a mobile network. The SIM card is most commonly associated with GSM and UMTS mobile networks. Moving a SIM card from one phone to another allows a subscriber to switch mobile phones without having to contact their mobile network carrier. SIM cards can also be used by a phone to store limited amounts of data, such as phone numbers and text messages.. Chipset Chipset is a group of integrated circuits designed to perform one or a more dedicated functions, often with real time computing constraints, Popular smartphones are equipped with more advanced embedded chipsets that can do many different tasks depending on their programming.. Single Edition: MediaTek MT6757T Helio P25, High Edition: MediaTek MT6799 Helio P30. CPU CPU (Central Processing Unit) mostly known as processors, CPU processes instructions in order to carry out certain functions that make your device operate properly. Processors are often described as the brain of computers, smartphones and tablets, Smartphones and tablets rely on processors to carry out their every task, Processors are an incredibly important factor in selecting any type of computing device, including your smartphone.. Octa-core (4 x 1.6 GHz Cortex-A53 & 4 x 1.6 GHz Cortex-A35), Deca-core (2 x 2.6 GHz Cortex-A73, 4 x 1.9 GHz Cortex-A35, 4 x 2.2 GHz Cortex-A53). GPU GPU (Graphics Processing Unit) is a single-chip processor designed to rapidly manipulate and alter memory to accelerate the creation of images in a frame buffer intended for output to a display, This includes things such as lighting effects, object transformations, and 3D motion.. RAM (Memory) RAM (Random Access Memory) is a type of computer memory that can be accessed randomly, any byte of memory can be accessed without touching the preceding bytes that allows information to be stored and accessed quickly from random locations. RAM is the most common type of memory found in computer systems, smartphones, tablets and other electronic devices.. Internal Storage Internal Storage is a data storage space (flash memory) mostly used in smartphones, tablets and other electronic devices where operating system, apps, music, photos, videos, files and other user data Is stored.. Card Slot Memory Card Slot is a special slot for inserting a memory card. Memory cards allow you to expand the phone's built-in memory, A memory card (sometimes called a flash memory card or a storage card) is a small storage medium used to store data such as text, pictures, audio, and video, for use on small, portable or remote computing devices such as mobile phones, mp3 players, digital cameras.. Dedicated slot Dedicated slot refers to a non-hybrid slot i.e. u can use two sim cards as well as a micro sd memory card at the same time. Sensors Sensors are electronic components that detects and responds to some type of input from the physical environment. The specific input could be light, heat, motion, moisture, pressure and location, The output is generally a signal that is converted to use in computing systems, a location sensor, such as a GPS receiver is able to detect current location of your electronic device.. Accelerometer Proximity Compass Gyro Fingerprint. Operating System OS => Every computer system run on a base software called Operating System (OS). Operating System controls all basic operations of the computer (such as smartphone, PDAs, tablet computers and other handheld devices). The Operating System allows the user to install and run third party applications (apps), apps are used to add new functionality to the device.. Java Support Java for Mobile Devices is a set of technologies that let developers deliver applications and services to all types of mobile handsets, ranging from price efficient feature-phones to the latest smartphones. Java is currently running on over 3 billion phones worldwide, and growing. It offers unrivaled potential for the distribution and monetization of mobile applications.. Youtube Youtube is a popular free video-sharing website, Youtube is the largest video sharing site in the world, Millions of users around the world have created accounts on the site that allow them to upload videos that anyone can watch.. Facebook Facebook is a popular free social networking website that allows registered users to create profiles, upload photos and video, send messages and keep in touch with friends, family and colleagues. The site is available in 37 different languages.. SMS SMS (Short Messaging Service) is a text messaging service component of phone, Web, or mobile communication systems. It uses standardized communications protocols to allow mobile phone devices to exchange short text messages over the networks.. MMS MMS (Multimedia Messaging Service) is a standard way to send messages that include multimedia content (audio clips, video clips and images) to and from mobile phones over wireless networks using the WAP protocol.. Email Email (Electronic Mail) is a system for receiving, sending, and storing electronic messages, Similar to a letter, email is text messages that may contain files, images, or other attachments sent via the internet to a recipient by using applications and software prograps. An email address is required to receive email, and that address is unique to the user.. IM IM (Instant Messaging) is an exchange of text messages through a software application, it enable you to create a kind of private chat room with another individual in order to communicate in real time over the Internet.. Primary Camera is able to capture photographs and usually videos, The most important characteristics of a camera are the resolution (measured in megapixels), lens focus type (fixed or automatic), higher megapixel cameras are known to capture higher quality photos, but not always a good measurement of the photos quality.. 12 MP + 12 MP, f/2.0. Flash Flash Light => There is commonly two types of flash lights are used in camera mobile phones, LED Flash (LED flash offers lower power consumption with drive circuitry that takes up very little room, LEDs can be strobed faster than any other light source), Xenon Flash (xenon flash produces an extremely intense full-spectrum white light for a very short duration). Geotagging Autofocus HDR Touch focus Face detection Panoroma. Bluetooth Bluetooth is a wireless communications technology for exchanging data between mobile phones, headsets, computers and other network devices over short distances without wires, Bluetooth technology was primarily designed to support simple wireless networking of personal consumer devices.. Infrared Infrared connectivity is an old wireless technology used to connect two electronic devices. It uses a beam of infrared light to transmit information and so requires direct line of sight and operates only at close range.. Wi-fi Wi-Fi is a popular wireless networking technology using radio waves to provide high-speed network connections that allows devices to communicate without cords or cables, Wi-Fi is increasingly becoming the preferred mode of internet connectivity all over the world.. Yes, Wi-Fi 802.11 a/b/g/n/ac, dual-band, Wi-Fi Direct. GPS GPS The Global Positioning System is a satellite-based radio navigation system, GPS permits users to determine their position, velocity and the time 24 hours a day, in all weather, anywhere in the world, In order to locate your position, your device or GPS receiver must have a clear view of the sky.. NFC NFC (Near field communication) is a set of standards for smartphones and similar devices to establish peer-to-peer radio communications with each other by touching them together or bringing them into proximity, usually no more than a few inches.. Wireless Charging Wireless Charging (Inductive Charging) uses an electromagnetic field to transfer energy between two objects. This is usually done with a charging station. Energy is sent through an inductive coupling to an electrical device, which can then use that energy to charge batteries or run the device.. HDMI HDMI (High-Definition Multimedia Interface) is a compact audio/video interface for transferring uncompressed video data and compressed or uncompressed digital audio data from a HDMI-compliant source device to a compatible computer monitor, video projector, digital television, or digital audio device.. GPRS GPRS (General Packet Radio Service) is a packet oriented mobile data service on the 2G and 3G cellular communication system's global system for mobile communications (GSM), Generally, GPRS is used for the purpose of wireless data transfer, such as sharing pictures and videos or browsing the Internet via a mobile phone connection.. EDGE EDGE (Enhanced Data GSM Environment) is a wireless network technology generally considered the next step in the 2G network offers data transfer rates up to four times faster than ordinary GSM networks, Generally, EDGE is used for the purpose of wireless data transfer, such as sharing pictures and videos or browsing the Internet via a mobile phone connection.. 42.2 Mbps (HSDPA), 5.76 Mbps;(HSUPA), LTE 150/50 Mbps. Web Browser Web Browser => a web browser is a software application used to locate, retrieve and display content on the World Wide Web, including Web pages, images, video and other files, The primary function of a web browser is to render HTML, the code used to design or markup webpages.. 3GP, M4V, H.263, H.264, MOV, AVI, xVID, WMV, FLV, MP4, H.265. Battery Type Battery Type => Cell phones run on various kinds of batteries depending on the manufacturer, phone size or shape and features. There are basically four types of cell phone batteries => Lithium Polymer, Lithium Ion, Nickel Metal Hydride and Nickel Cadmium.. Capacity Battery Capacity is a measure (typically in Amp-hr) of the charge stored by the battery, and is determined by the mass of active material contained in the battery. The battery capacity represents the maximum amount of energy that can be extracted from the battery under certain conditions.. Active noise cancellation with dedicated mic 2. Photo and video editor 4. Fast battery charging (mCharge 3.0) 5. Meizu Pro 7 - Rate this Device Be the first to add a Review Your Name * Your Email * Review Title * Review Text * Rate this Product Display: Screen size, image quality (brightness, colors, contrast, etc), visibility in sun light, angles of view and touchscreen. RAM: Processor: Bluetooth, Wi-fi connectivity, data trnasfer speed, internet browsing and interfaces. Camera: Usability of Camera interface, image and video quality in different light conditions and environment. Connectivity: Bluetooth, Wi-fi connectivity, data trnasfer speed, internet browsing and interfaces. Battery: What about battery life, while calling, listening music, watching videos, playing games and doing other tasks. Performance: Is this device perform good while watching videos, playing games, taking snapshots, browsing internet and navigate through other applications? Design: What do you feel about Design and build quality of this device? Average Rating 6 / 10 based on your selection. Please post a user review only if you have / had this product.. Meizu 15 0 Reviews View specs →. Meizu E2 full specifications, features 0 Reviews View specs →. Meizu S 0 Reviews View specs →. Meizu Legent Specifications, features 0 Reviews View specs →. Meizu M6 Note $205.00 View specs →. Meizu Max 2 full specifications, features 0 Reviews View specs →. Meizu A5 0 Reviews View specs →. Meizu M6s $156.00 View specs →. Meizu Pro 7 full specifications, features 0 Reviews View specs →. Meizu M5c full specifications, features 0 Reviews View specs →. Meizu M5S Specifications, features 0 Reviews View specs →. Meizu X2 full specifications, features 0 Reviews View specs →. Meizu 15 Plus 0 Reviews View specs →. Meizu Pro 7 Plus full specifications, features 0 Reviews View specs →. Meizu M6 0 Reviews View specs →. Meizu MX7 full specifications, features 0 Reviews View specs →. 13,512 Likes 3,221 Followers 4 Followers 226 Followers 3,166 Followers RSS Subscribe. Intex Aqua Lions T1 Lite launched in India for Rs 3899. iLA X AliExpress Tech Discovery Promotions & Will…. Unnamed HTC 2Q5W1 smartphone spotted on GeekBench. Motorola Moto X4 6GB RAM variant launched in India. Prev Next 1 of 68. Mobile Specifications ZTE Blade V9 Vita Ulefone T2 Pro Samsung Galaxy S9 Plus $839.99 Samsung Galaxy S9 $719.99 Nokia 8110 4G $99.00 Nokia 8 Sirocco $924.00. Tablet Specifications BQ BQ-8041L Art $121.00 Samsung Galaxy Tab S4 10.5 SM-T835 Samsung Galaxy Tab A 10.1 2018 Samsung Galaxy Tab E 8.0 2018 Huawei Mediapad M5 10 Pro $643.00 Huawei Mediapad M5 10 $468.00. Laptop Specifications Dell XPS 13 9370 XPS9370-7170GLD-PUS Laptop $1,549.00 Dell XPS 13 9370 XPS9370-5156SLV-PUS Laptop $1,299.00 Xiaomi Air 13.3 Intel Core i7 Notebook $976.99 Asus A541UJ7200 Notebook $739.99 Asus A541UV7100 Notebook $609.99 Acer Predator 21 X $8,999.00. Recent Compares Alcatel 3 vs Alcatel 3x vs Alcatel 3v View Comparison → Alcatel 1x vs Alcatel 3v vs Alcatel 3x View Comparison → Nokia 8 Pro vs Nokia 7 Plus View Comparison →. Top Rated Samsung Galaxy S9 Active Samsung Galaxy S9 Plus $839.99 Apple iPhone X Plus LG Signature Edition $1,800.00 Apple iPhone Xc Samsung Galaxy S9 $719.99. Brands 10.or 3 360 3 Acer 8 AGM 1 Alcatel 36 Allcall 1 Allview 20 Apple 11 Archos 38 Asus 46 AT&T 1 Blackberry 5 Blackview 24 Blu 45 Bluboo 8 BQ 21 Brandeis 1 Cagabi 2 CAT 5 Celkon 7 Changhong 0 Cherry Mobile 5 Coolpad 24 Cubot 5 Dell 2 DEXP 4 Doogee 16 Doopro 9 Doov 3 EL 1 Elephone 16 Energizer 1 Essential 1 Fly 20 Freetel 2 Geecoo 5 Geotel 1 Gionee 31 Google 4 Gooweel 2 Gretel 1 Hafury 3 Haier 6 Highscreen 3 Hisense 6 HomTom 7 HP 2 HTC 19 Huawei 93 IBall 3 iMAN 0 iNew 1 Infinix 3 Infocus 10 Innjoo 1 Intex 29 itel 4 Ivoomi 10 Jinga 4 Jivi 4 Karbonn 20 Kenxinda 8 Kingzone 1 Kodak 1 Konka 3 Koobee 1 Kyocera 11 Lava 11 Leagoo 12 LeEco 6 Lenovo 14 Lephone 4 LG 53 LYF 3 M-Tech 1 Meitu 3 Meizu 20 Micromax 33 Microsoft 2 Motorola 28 Noa 1 Nokia 25 Nomi 2 Nomu 2 OKWU 2 OnePlus 5 Oppo 28 Oukitel 15 Panasonic 24 Phicomm 3 Philips 10 Phonemax 4 Plum 3 Prestigio 26 Razer 1 Red 1 Runbo 1 Samsung 90 Sansui 1 Senseit 1 Sharp 18 Smartisan 3 Smartron 2 Sony 30 Spice 3 Sugar 10 Swipe 6 Symphony 8 T-Mobile 5 TCL 1 Teclast 1 Tecno 13 Texet 1 THL 1 TP-Link 5 Uhans 7 Ulefone 11 UMI 7 Unihertz 2 Vernee 7 Vertex 3 Vertu 0 Verykool 22 Videocon 5 Vivo 24 Vkworld 4 Vodafone 3 Vphone 1 Walton 2 Wiko 16 Wileyfox 1 Xgody 5 Xiaolajiao 13 Xiaomi 38 Xolo 4 YotaPhone 1 Yu 2 Zen 12 Ziox 6 Zopo 8 ZTE 71. Facebook Join us on Facebook Twitter Join us on Twitter Google+ Join us on Google Instagram Join us on Instagram Pinterest Join us on Pinterest. Mobitabspecs.com is a Tech Blog With Mobiles Tablets Laptops specifications, comparisons, Rumours full information and Resources. Mobiles Tablets Laptops News, Software Reviews, Daily exclusive Deals & Coupons and more.. Laptops 13 Mobiles 1395 Upcoming Mobiles 693 Tablets 101. Home Contact Us Disclaimer Privacy Policy Site Map Comparisons Compare Brands. 
